4
||ribmw.
it
Term*, of >ahncripilOH,
I‘\Y.\UIJ: IX .VOVAXCF:
I'mtton. iK-r year, by mail fiS.OO
rkty Edition, per year, by mail &09
lOitifu, per year, by mail SJO
y Iklltlon. per yew, by MAIL £.OO
o! sycarat the'same rate.
leteQi delay anil mistakes, Ik- sore and giro Post
nddrv*w lu full, Including blate and county.
imMete are allowed 10 per cent commission on
Mlb.HTlpllHllS.
niarin'mflde either by draft, express,
■JLt v oiib i or in n«cisteivd It-tiers, at our risk.
iuijmo nn suusciunrus:
Sunday excepted. IT) cents prrmvk
ml. Miinlay included, a' cents per week,
lira THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. K- Csnnl -L. Chicago, lit.
dONDAY. NOVEMBER C, 1871.
UNION NOMINATIONS.
•Proof Ticket for C l*r an* Coantf
Ofßrrr*,
tut* of the supreme Outrt— J**Hn AjJameson.
ccct th»- circuit roan- ijimwnTnv.
iityTlvS'.im r -Julian s. Kuttjwy.
Hit% s-nrvcvi.i- Alexander Wolcott.
it- SHnumu A«tcnai* c utter.
Count; C’otnuiioaioßer*,
r M AUI Maned Talcett.
mm w.i.t. f'* ,r vr
in j, n,\- Joseph Hams,
ii-t.hftk Th os. 1/onorgan,
•vl.lv julloa White.
•i‘rraui.’.-.! Jolm Hefting.
i.V3iliuan. "aiujicl Aehten,
Joifj.h iWUc.
City Officer*.
jrr- J.wf!. M*d«l
•tt*uriT- l*. a. tosa*.
I„iu.-x.-n 1»..0n.
..n« v- J -r.u-1 N. suV.-.
tk •’••int r, U Matron.
\v. iV. isbckuvy.
Aldermen*
VnnlA
luimiferT. ll.»wen 11. Henry Sweet,
rtl -it l- Mnnrot> Heath.
hLbV. MU.mm I*- HeOTpe W. Sherwood.
H Mr \m»v 1 1. Kira Cleveland,
li M..nr J. Vant Wood.
ii t> IV »dv pi. Tluw. StouL
,-iniin. lirtM i«-l=b. tr. JKirge A. Mlsch.
,l„ rtry 1-. owa MrCartby.
imu> »M nl'in M.aU'in I>. 0»b«.
{toad, an. i harieo L. W oilman.
C'ou-mblr**
Ward.*.
n. rYMf*rick Zochocke.
lU. Jo«rph Wilson,
i::. Albert I’- Hill.
14. Martin McCune.
iv IV K. riirtstian.
i*. John 11. Robert*
IT. UmLs Mcrcki
l*. Thomas McMahon,
N. M. PJotkw.
S>i. Mlrhaol Hacaoler.
Town Oißcrr*.
Po*l.
u >vv.
F. Vu-iim--
j. ni.-u.t.
c. o. MrlrfStn.
l»li»hpO'niul*y.
Jt>»m pwikia.
WlUuim Mnipl»>-
Joel LiUL
(-ctl _Wi -i "iiii-- !*»>mimrlc Kloetach.
<<T >hl.—s. U. WftWt,
south s-M. J-Uu W. Tappeo.
rvi".i>rs—\v«->t -n.my Pilgnm.
North >■•!<•-ivi'TMahr.
H. I..»ewrmh*l.
rjjf-lfk M. M. Miller.
n ,u Non!) -John J. Heals*.
Not Ui Sue- -Lems s-pit-gel.
TO-MORROW.
VVrailtbt attention of business men to
pi,.d;tm:iiion of the Mayor, published
cw(n :enjoining upon them to dose their
i f bu-ims- and give to-morrow to
'ir duly a- electors. There can be no
i,.jy obligations to which this duty
not pan-mount. No mailer what the hurry
tv be, *mi bn-inrs** men cannot afford to
ju t tin- work uhi.-h the Commonwealth
mauds of ttn-Mon thi-occasion. The wel
;ho 4-ify in ail moral and material re
«J-. d< fi ini-•• n-:iy more upon the result
ji >.ut üb. 1.-rii.m than it ever did upon
i t.r.-\ Jon- o;n Itin- municipal govern
nt vbiilix'r an- about to e»nstituto are
c«- **f money to In- voted upon, a plan
ivbrridirsi ri.e ‘'ity -taidisbed. unscrrnpn
,j„ i ii v in ki .1 and dispersed. a munificent
j*-1 ii.n.t lot. reeeivi-d amt sacredly adniiii
,-i’ri ~*-d a i of i«• v! -ail ordinances to be
uni <l. u 1111] i -bail be adapledlothe present
>\d :.nd un’.iiv- ii attitude of our affairs,
'r ali tlu w iLbty duties, the citizens
uuii;:itod uimn tin- Fire-Proof ticket are
o*l eminently qualified. Tor thwarting
e \ji ip«-s and eauii -i aims of onv brave city.
ticket of >;di.:<u politicians ami profes
»ua! oiiiee-lnmt.-i is equally well qnnlitied.
ia -e lasi, t.* compensate for their lack of
i it. ba\e eei tain advantages of organiza
ou at «1 association which they will use to
.-ir Inliest <r;t»iu. They will muster all
nieichant abb* \otei-s. vagrants, shonlder
itteis. t(allot-bo\-s-i offers. corrupt inspec
ts*, etc.. ami all fix' eoitlidilig laboring men
hem di-mauoguf* like Hidden and Mout
rtm-ry an delude with their false promised
"high wage.-.” into voting for the Burn
ers* ticket. 1; behooves inoii of business.
Itelligmt meu,
id all liti/eiis whose vision is clear
id impiiNe right. to make nmisiial exertions
i this cirn-igency for the cause of good gov
nnient. Tlo-iv i> danger that the Holden
lone win i;d-.- adv outage of the peculiar
(nation and taki- practical possession of the
n!s in tin* depopulated precincts, unless the
-•i tids of good go\eminent, turn out as
'dmitiei and guard the polls from their
andalMn. ••t ry citizen who puts his
:j*t in tin- ini iiie our city* rally to-mor
>\v in defend of tin* New Chicago!
IR. AM) THE REIiIKF
St NO.
Tip* iidli-uiiig l-i hr is offered by Mr. C. C.
jinMii. in i n i.*n of his refusal to
.ad i»ve: f«> ;In 1.V1i.-f and Aid Society the
v. I;i.-h li. alleged In* had ill Ills pov**s-
ntr«*vi;o, Get. 10. i«7l.
I 1 1;• vr reeeived tile letter Sid
i lntll>*Jli. A Co.,
■li. v !i;.-l lit to you by express
|;,11 I ive*. I will receipt for
lu-1 iHlul.
Mf:. lb
'i-m. ill.*:
Jll 1-
A UUU .’W
David a. G \r.n.
--I- appear to lu* that
*lhe fad in
1 loth oi i Mr. Holden Miiimionei
the piiui'ipal i•;*i• i-.of the Kelief and Ait
5«..-:, tyto o! a meeting at the Congn
gath-.nal Chi*-> h. orner of Washington am
Ann stivt**. and iii«-ii and there demanded
that certain m« minus of the society should
i* -den. in ordi« li:it their places might be
idled by eevv.uf. Abb-nueu. The irregularity
:.:;d ilhgality of >mh a proceeding was
s'. nv.i in a e,*uebiM\e manner by the Chair
f.aa of the K\eentive Committee of the
K.-del Society. ami the demand that
nombois ot the society shonhl
»«Man. -o that their place-, might be filled
by Abb limn. w;,> not eomplied with. There
upon Mr. Holden Mated that he had received
fr!‘.iV<of relief money, and that he should
it. ;;t pre-eu' advised. turn a rout of it
i.s*t Jo ilu* K.'H.'i Sn-iety. A few days later
tin- C iiaiJiiiuti o'. the Kxecutive Committee
<.i jin- Uflit-j'JWi.-ty addressed :i nolo to Mr.
liojij. n. a-king h u- to lunii-h an aeconnt of
a'l money* rceer.vd hy him for the relief of
sofrejei* by tin* thv.and requesting him to pay
~v. r any *neh money in hi** hands to Lh*o. M.
rtd’man. Treasurer of said soeiety. To this
n,niiini«-:it:«»n u«» reply was received.
It appears. however. that on tin* Pith. tin*
il..y at.* i tht* meeting at tin* Congregational
fL* nli. Mi:. Uol«h*n privately authorized Mr.
A-Cage to reeeive tin* sir»,ooo which
il. i* a red he had in his posses
,,lll. hut which had not aclu
reached Ihr city. Mr. Outre received
the money and handed it over to the Ue
li-f jsoeiety, not as the money which Holden
said he had in his possession, hut as tlm con
tributions of Duiiean. Sherman A Co..
A.* mud IJehnont A Co., and lhown*l!rotliers
A I ‘o.. of New York.
If Mr. Holden has suffered in reputation
hi>m tin* eustody or snpjK»M*d casUaly
ir. m y he has nobody hut himself to Maine
t.>; it. Hy first claiming that he had Up.*
o ihji\ in his possession: by declaring that
la- wo ild not pay it over to the Relief So- i
e.ely hy giving it to a third person in Mich
a way ihat the Kelh*f Society shouldremain
ignorant of the transaction: hy refusing to
their written interrogatories. or to
i. nd. any account of his stewardship, ho
l,H»k all the necessary stejw to bring himself
i: to pnhlieodinm. If anybody has been de
.M-iveii a*, to the real facts in the case. Mr,
Uold**ti is the one who has deceived them,
lie ia now talking at>out libel suit*, which
V ill never he brought. Mo hail better first
hire a lawyer to sue C. C. P. Holden for con
spiracy and defamation of character.
As to this sir».o»K) we aerjuit Mr. Holden of
retaining it in Uis possession. It remains to
shown whether he has paid over all tho
i. lief money or property in his jHwsession—
or what disposition be has made of it. The
Relief .Soviet v called upon him, eighteen days
ttt forgiuh an aceount. and he has not fur
nished it. iim tendered any excuse for not
V ’*t)ishhic it. When he rentiers such account
shall publish i» i» our columns.
Ih ’v i*. a consideration worthy of nolo, in
•ro-etMUi with the impending election of
V, ‘.V* r ami Council. Holden and his gang in
m,. il toWiz.- lhe
,K rfnr tli* n lief of tbo Marv.nß viot.m.
I.' th- tin-. :.u.l provcnl«l mainly by
~,-t ml doli-nniwil nc.lion of Major
\VI T tli.y ri.ubl not accomplish by
force, they afterward tried to coropaas by
strategy. They failed; but who wilUn.v they
woulduot succeed in their attempt the mo
ment. Holden should in* inaugurated
Mayor. and In* fcllow-luuniuere up-
on the Sorehead ticket installed
in the Council f Nature will assert itself,
and the bummers will either swoop down in a
ravening pal-k upon the fund of the destitute
fire-victims or else they will bring the whole
influence of the city government to bear to
stop the forwarding of relief to Chicago.
They are determined either to ml« or ruin.
If Holden and his pack should be elected it
would Iki a measure of prudence for the Re
lief Sm iety to transfer their filings to some
other city, and draw U]k»u them fiimx a cou
venh ui distancc^^^^ ——m
GOVERNOR PAL3IER.
Governor Palmer rendered us the greatest
possible service in convening the Legislature
immediately after tbe lire and recommending
the passage of measures which ore equivalent
to putting three millions of dollars into the
City Tieasuiy —a sum greater, we judge, than
all the relief contributions that have yet
been sent lows from all ports of the. world.
We are not disposes! to overlook this fact.
He ba» done his whole duty in the premises—
done it promptly and well. Wecaunot allbrd
to forget it.
We regret that he should have deemed it
his dnty to advise the Attorney General, and
the SRtlo’e Attorney for the Seventh JinUciid
District, to procure the indictment of General
.Sheridan and others for the killing of Colonel
Grosvcuor by one of the night
patrol on the university grounds. If Gcon
venor had been shot by a policeman it is
hardly probable that tbe Governor would
have recommended the indictment of the Po
lice Commissioners. It is hardly* probable
that he would have made any recommenda
tions on the subject. As we understand tbe
law. it is not in the power of the State’s At
torney, or of the Attorney General, or of the
Governor, or of all three comblued, to instruct
a grand jury a* to their duties, except upon
request of their foreman. It is in tbe power
of the grand jury to turn all three of these
functionaries cut of their room if they come
into it uninvited. The very object
and purpoH* of having a .grand jury
it) to have ;m unbiased and impartial
investigation of alleged infractions of law.
Such nubianed mid impartial investigation
cannot be had—at least the law so presumes
—if any other person than the jury id licensed
to come in and obtrude his views. Least of
.ill can a person come in whose pulilic posi-
tion is such ns to give him extraordinary in
fluence in determining the action of the jury.
For these reasons wo look upon the letters
of Governor Palmer to the Attorney General
and State’s Attorney as unfortunate and un
timely. But we arc not. for that reason, in*
dined to ignore his great service* to this un
happy community, or to look upon his more
recent action as being prompted by angbt
else than a conscientious regard for the pub
lic interests.
THE COST OF CLOTfIIIVG
The I'iiiladelphia /Vo*, in publishing the
action in England toward contributing man
nfaetnrcd goods to relieve the destitute in
Chicago, says;
\\V barn, from private sources tint a large
quantity of clothing will immediately be sent
iii'in laVlmnl for Hie unhoused sufferer* of Chi
caj-o. nnd.:is wearing apparel is from ,“>0 to in;* per
ci ut cla-ajKT in England tlum with ns this will Im»
aji«i' 5 ndiliireof nnmey. Of course. if
Jiritif'. -uupjitlij take.* such a course, tin- eon
n il lUieii- in kind 1 1m- sunt will he admitted duty
lice into our polls lor Hieh a purpose."
Why “of comae 1" Is not American indus
try Intelfeivd with as much hy clothing sent
laic HO percent cheaper than it can beoth
etwi.-e obtained, us when sent here only*so
per cent cheaper i Why should the Chicago
.-nth i< r>. or the sufferers in Michigan and
Wisconsin, or anywhere else, pay a tax of bO
pci cent on their shirts and other undercloth
ing, shawls and woollen goods, when they buy
t bem
Every imm wbo has the smallest interest in
the jiri Miit credit and future welfare of Chi
cago, should remember that there is no duty*
so imperative upon him as to go to the polls
to-morrow and vote for honest city' officers.
This ch i-lion is the turning point in the
welfare of the city. We can, by our action
to-moiTow. establish our credit beyond all
question, or we can destroy it, as was truth
fully said by a New York paper: "Burned
street* n*»v Im* »*~b..:i»
be gathered again, but tho ruins of charac
ter and of honor in a community* which do
liheiately accepts thieve* for its rulers ami
representatives are without hope of restora
tion.” The country is looking to ns to see
what wo will do. They want to know to
whom the money they lend into he entrusted.
They rightfully demand that we shall not
only elect holiest men. hut men whom they
know to be honest.
The election to-morrow will go far to de
termine how much faith the capitalists in
other parts of the country will place in Chi
cago. We have it in our power hy the elec
tion of the Union Firu-Froof ticket to inspire
that confidence, or by* permitting the election
to go by default to destroy' it.
Every citizen is a voter in the precinct in
which be lived before the fin*; it makes no
difference about registration, there will bo
blank papers of identity at the polls, and any*
voter can find plenty* of his neighbors to
identify him. Tho entire time required to
vole will not consume fifteen minutes, and in
that quarter of an Imnr a single vote may
redeem the city from a calamity worse than
five.
Chief Caucus Packer Holden (better known
by his initials.C.C. P. H..J Ims heretofore been
doing business as West Side Park Commis
sionerand President of the Common Council;
but the former occupation's gone, or, at least,
seriously crippled by the recent lire, while
the former is sure to lapse soon as the new
ami wholesome leaven of the Fire-Proof ticket
is infused into the Board of Aldermen. Hence,
Chief Caucus Packer Holden secs the neces
sity of feathering his nest, and that of the
numerous Holden family, with something
else. This something else is the Mayoralty.
Hut here a fearful question arises connected
with the enhanced dignity which Chief Cau
cus Packer Holden projioses to assume. If
it coM* the Kelief Society £'-40 a wools to
keep him in carriage* when he is only an
Alderman ami Park Commissioner, what
thousands w ill he required to keep him
equipped, and mounted after he becomes
Mayor f
Mr. Fred («mul, in his letter declining tin'
.Sorehead nomination for Police ami Fire Com
missioner. said:
In the face of tin* terrible calamity which has
m*ljil!cii out* city, flic people of Chieapi
lambi lx* united before the world in their mnuici
wd atlalrs.”
For this reason, among others, he decided
that it was his duty to retire from the can
\a>s and withdraw bis name from the ticket.
A few hours later, Mr. (uind said that tin
reasons which led him t« withdraw his naim
"no longer exist/’ P*y this wo are to under
stand either that no terrible calamity has be
fallen our fieloved city, or that then* is uo
reason why the people of Chicago should he
united before the world in their municipal
affairs.
Js it not perfectly plain that a man with so
little decision of character is totally unlit to
Im* placed at the head of the Police mid Fire
Departments Could anybody have furnish
ed u more,complete and unanswerable demon
strut ion of his weakness and vacillation than
bedims furnished for himself
In his first Utter to the bummer committee.
Mr. Fred Gnnd retires from the tiekt*t, *'be
lieving that the public good should bo para
mount to personal interest.*’ In the second
letter Mr. Fred Onnd revokes his declination
iu the following language: “Owing to cer
tain reasons which now no longer exist, 1 sent
to your committee a letter. &c.** Perhaps
Mr. Fred Guud will now write letter Ko. 3,
explaining how his personal interest wm
made paramount to the public good. The
public would like to understand how the ex
cellent reason of his tlrst letter ceased to
exist.
Just nt this moment half a million pair of
blankets are needed in Chicago ami tho
Northwest, hy people to whom every penny
is of vital necessity. l T pon every pair of
the?»e blanket* there U a tax of 12.75: to pur
chase those blankets will require f1.230.000
more money than those blankets could be
purchased for If this tax did not exist. It
must bo remembered that not one cent of
this tax is received by the government* Whj
ought the tax bo omitted on blankets donat
ed. and not »n all blankets? Why should
not the whole people have the benefit of a.
full supply of clothing at one-half thepre*-
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE:' MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1871.
ent prices. when all that prevents it if* a tax
which. Humph iicecs*aril.v collected, yields
no revenue Not one word can he said in
favor of omitting the (ax on donated poods
that dm snot apply with equal force to the
repeal of the tax altogether.
Tin people of flic adjoining States are feel
ing nearly as much interest hi the Chicago,
election as the citizens here, and, almost
without exception, they hope for tlie tri
umphant success of the Tire-Union
ticket. All our exchanges which refer
to the subject, express the opinion that the
elect ion of the Bummer ticket would lie a
calamity little inferior to that of the great
conflagration itself.
The editor of the Cincinnati Commercial,
who was here last week, viewing the ruins,
and the business and politick situation, thus
refers, in his letter, to our local politics:
Responsible and decent citizen*, without dis
tinction of party, Imve united u|mui u ticket of
comity and municipal officers. to be elected on the
Tib instant- Tfie ordinary want loafer*,
►renting extraordinary plundering facili
ties. arc furious, and will make a
tight for the spoils. If they should succeed—but
I believe there is no danger of that—the rendition
of the city would lie desperate. Confidence would
be lost, and it would be felt that the accumulat
ing disasters were too great to lie borne.”
Win. S. Powell, Aldcnunu f»f the Eighth
Wait!, is the a gent of the Chicago.
Burlington i Quincy Railroad, at their West
station. A short time since he was
served with notice by tbe chief officers of
the railway that he must quit their service
or cease running for public ollice. jih they re
quired a man at that place who could give bis
whole time to the railway. Mr. Powell is
still running for office, ami. what is more, he
is running for an office that has no salary at
tached to it. The question is suggested how
Mr. Powell can allbrd to relinquish a good
situation, with good pay, in order to accept a
public office with no pay. Will the friends
of Powell rise to explain?
Every vote is important. The future credit
of the city depends upon the election of nn
honest Board of Aldermen. Let voters take
the time necessary to vote, ami see to it that
none of the bummers arc elected to the Coun
cil. The election of reputable men to the
Council is of the first importance. That
board is a controlling part of the City Gov
ernment, and no voter will he doing his duty
to the city who does not do what ho can to
reform the Common Council.
Was it one of Holden’s Bridgeport constitu
ents who produced the immortal couplet:
Tlilm that's rich can ride in eliulM**;
Tliim that's poor !*e Joists they can go a-fut J
If so, ho is requested to remodel his effn
sion, so as to declare that them that’s poor
can ride in coaches, if they can onlyperauade
some livery-stable keeper that they belong to
the Udief Society*
Sjmrtiug circles arc agitated hy a rumor
that Boss Holden is about to issue his chal
lenge. to whom it may concern, as the cham
pion carriage-rider of America. He will put
up $15,000 of relief money as tho stake. He
may'be addressed at the Bridgeport Belief
HeadquartersnptoTuesday uext; thereafter,
up Salt River.
No person should stay' away from the polls
because his name has not been registered.
There will be facilities sit every precinct by*
which voters can procure the necessary iden
tification, and be enabled to vote without
Tin: youniw'ii.sT.
n.uyois.
Jo-ep. Hic-kman and. George Anderson, of
flickory Township. Schuyler County, got into an
altercation, when Hickman struck tlie other over
(lie head with a bar of iron, from the effects of
which he died a few days afterwards.
—The Board of Trade of Bloomington are still
hard ul work trying to rube u manufacturers’
fund hy private subscription. They want to raise
s.M*,ooo.
—Marengo lias a resident 103 years old, named
George Sykes, still hale and hearty ami Belvi
dero boasts of one John Plane, who has attained
the age of lot years.
-Bowman, Brown A Kcach have now in Ihoir
pastures In the Illinois bottom. In Greene County,
1,100 bead of Texas cattle, which cost them about
fc*.2s per 100 lbs gross weight.
—A German girl by the name of Annie Ilolby,
about is years of up*, committedbnicidc by hang
ing, on Wednesday last, at Jacksonville. She had
been in this country •l»«*it time, and «;w
excessively homesick, but without the means to
return to her native country*, whore she had left a
lover..
—The Rev. C. M. Sanders was formally installe
as pastor of the Congregational Church ut Wax
kegau on Tuesday.
tOW A.
A ten-acre onion-bed in Scott Countyyielded
ts owner pocket money* to the tune of $2,C2-i
this year.
—The Muscatine Jountn/sty* that six of the
railroad-bridge burner* on the line of the South*
western Hoad, in Apjwumoso County, have been
ambled. One of them says the object was to
wreck a passenger train and rob the jnisscngcrs."
—A Marion County fanner made 1,020 gallons of
sorghum mulastH*-in one month’s time on a 12-
foot evaiKtmlor.
—Mr. Livermore, of' Benton County, has n
reivnl thlrtwm Imported Jersey rows.
—Many* delegates to the recent lowa State TO
man*£uffragc Convention at l>es Moines wore tb
Bloomer costume, while the originator of the cos
tmue. who was a delegate also, wore long skirl
and dressed in the prevailing fashion.
—On Monday las% throe armed men eallod at
the house of. William Vinzaul. two miles- north of
Centerville, representing to him that they
authorised by the government to m<m ey.
Tliey presented a paper which they said was a
commission for the purpose?. He had on hand
{ilkuil $1,700 iu paper and $OO in specie, ail of
which was brought out and handed to them. Of
course they lost no time iu making tracks with
the money.
Mr. and Mrs. John Tajior, two of the oldest
settlers of Hardin Comity, and each nearly 70
years of age. died at Hardin City night before
last, within thirty-six hours of each other. Mr.
Taylordied on Friday night with consumption,
and on Sunday morning Mrs. Taylor burst a
blood-vcwel, causing death hi few moments.
WISCONSIN.
A snowstorm which lasted all day, occurred
at the Portage on the 4th iuet.
George W. Uohinsuu. for many years Clerk
of the Marquette County Court, died at Mound
viUe on the. 27th ult.
The jewelry store.of Leopold Sehward. at
Mansion, was entered by burglar* Nov. 1, and
rohbedof about *2.000 worth of Jewelry.
—The Kenosha Tflnjntph says parties have
leased a large tract of land between that city and
Pacino, ami will shortly commence mining oper-
tiousona large scale. KieU inm on* has been
found iu various s)«ms in the viriniiy, and an ex
perienced miner has taken charge of the busi
ness.
—A new.-!arge. and extremely beautiful collee
ion of sea •shells, coral, sponges, and rare miner*
ilogicnl specimens of all climes, has recently
placed In the museum of curiosities of the Plntle
ville Normal School—having been purchased bj'
tlic State at aljout half its real value.
ism.vsa.
A new and strange disease has made its appear*
mcu in tin* neighborhood of C'orydoa. The pa*
lh i nt is taken with a chill, alternated with hot
Hushes of fever, and followed by such excrutiat*
iup fort'nefs of the .muscles that he can hardly be
turned on a sheet. lie experiences the most In
tense ahhorence for food, aud bis flesh soon turns
spot!**!. After lingering in a deblliiatcd state for
about two weeks, the, patient Ix'gins to recover.
The doctors say the symptoms are new aud
strange. and they are al a lo** to understand the
best mode of treatment*
MINNKSOT.V
The Faribault Rrpubiirttn chronicles a yield of
oats on the farm of Charles Graham, of Forest
Town.-dup.of 333 bushels on three acres; also,
that Michael 11. Knopf, of rfoltou. Uoodhue Coun
ty. raised Peachhlow potatoes which averaged a
peektou bill, and, while some of the potatoes
weighed two pounds, none werejess than a pound
in weight They yielded at the rate of ta) bushels
t«. ih,. acre. Mr. Knopf planted but one eye to
the hill, and selected the largest eyes.
OHIO.
Tho Col ambus (Ohio) Journal says: “A d«*-
fonned chicken of common breed. the deformity
resulting from a broken back, was entered at the
Muskingum County Fair as a Hungarian cock of
the ‘Slavi Magyar breed,* Just imputed; and the
sapient judges,after gravely inspecting it. award
ed it the first premium over one of the finest poul
try shows ever in the country."
—Mar' Jackoou. died J'lwntly at Payton, who, it
it is stated on reliable authority, had attained the
nge of U9years. Kho was admitted to the County
Infirmary Oct. 23,1W7. and her age at that time
was registered at 85 years. Until within the last
time weeks she was able to walk about the place
and was remarkably active for so aged a person.
She had attained her "second sight" and
was able to so** her last days without
glasses. Her health hud been remarkably pwl, and
then* was no itnUcatiou of dl>ea-e to the last, her
life going out like u caudle burned to the socket.
She had been board to say that her maiden name
was Polly Mount, amt that she wu> l>orn in New
York, but no information could Ih* obtained from
her as to w hither she hnd any friends or relations
living.
tiik Tr.nv.rromr*.
A highway robiiory w;n recently committed at
.Morehead. the new city at thej»olnt where the
Northern Pacific erupsen the Red lUvrr. The citi
zens caught the reblN-r, and. after depriving him
of hl> inoucy and other artielc* of n**e, couqMdlod
him to run o gauntlet of kirks and cUUddugs to
escnj*e from towu After l« ing knocked down
two or tliti-r timet, tic escaped uml run for dear
life.
ItAILKOIDS.
Tlie entire length of the Missouri River, Fort
Scott A Gulf Railroad Is ICS mile*,—the present
terminus l»eing ut Baxter Spring*. Kimsas.
—Abrandhof the Louisville. New Albany
ST. I*onis Ihdlroad, is finished to Mount Canucl,
IU.
—At tlie regular quarterly meeting of the Boant
t Dinrtorsof the Quincy, Missouri A Pacific
Railroad, held ut Quincy, 111.,0u tbe Ist inst-, HtciM
wore taken for the vigorous prosecution of the
work. Tin* present terminus of the road is 18
miles west of Quiucy
—lt is stated positively that the Kansas Pacific
Railway Company has determined to build a
branch road to Fort Lyon, in Southern Colorado.
—Tin; Moullcello (III.) Jiulejtcndcnl says; Tho
tracklayer* on the Champaign. Moutlcello De
croud are gmdiuilly nearing Moutlcello, uud will
In Plan County by the end of the week. It is the
design of tlie company to complete the road from
Moußcvllu to Decatur as soon us pofsible.”
—Tho Hon. Gulnsha A. Grow, of Pennsylvania,
lias Ik-cu electedlhvsident of tho Houston «fc Great
Northern Railroad, of Texas. This road U owned
by Messrs*. Aston, Moses Taylor, W. E. Dodge,
Walter Phelps, and other New York capitalists.
—Articles of consolidation between the Chicago
A Canada Southern Railway Company and the
Southeastern Michigan Railway Company wore
filed at Columbus, 0., on the 30lh ult. The capital
of the consolidated company is slo.UOO.onft. and the
mad will be culled the Chicago Canada Southern
Railway. The termini are Chicago ami a point on
the eastern )>oimdnry of Wayne County, Michigan,
ou the Detroit River.
—ThePortage(Wi*.) Rcjistcr ßays: “Eachweek
add* materially to the progres* which is being
made tm the line of the Portage 4c Grand Rapid*
Railroad, two more weeks of good weather will
take it to the Marquette County line.”
—The surveyor* on the lowa Pacific Railroad,
tetween Onnwa and Fort Dodge, are expected to
have that survey composed to the hitter point in
a few days, when Ur c immediately to proceed
to Dubuque and -omcuce a careful survey of
the railroad nmtccontemplated between Dubuque
and Monroe, r/« PhittervlUe.
—The Minneapolis Tribune of the 2d says:
We learn from gentlemen who returned from the
Red River yesterday, that the new town of Breck
inridp* (the present terminus of the St. Paul Jc
Railroad) is thriving uud spreading like a
4 green hay tree.’ Two weeks ago there was not a
shanty or u slab within twenty miles of the spot,
and now they arc lK)th in abundance. Corner lots
are already selling at 1100 each, uud the land is be
ing taken up and settled with a rapidity that Is
absolutelj* astonishing.”
—The Rekin (lU.) Kryisitr learns that the con
tract for building the Peoria Springfield Rail
road was let on Wednesday last, ami Unit the en
gineers will eoimuenee the work at nurc.
l The I-i Crosse (Wis.) Democrat rejoices over
the arrival of two parties of surveyors for the
Northwestern Extension.—oueoomingdowii Bost
wiek Valley, the other by Mormon Cooley*, and
says, “These parties will compare maps and notes.
and report to theeompnny themost feasible route,
when work will be begun.”
—The Ihurgor (Me.) Whiy say* it lias good an
ther iiy for stating tlmt the whole of tin* missing
link between Princeton and Pa-sadunikeak .Sta
tion. ou the European and North’American Rail
way w ill be placed under survey ibis fall.
—The entire length of the Chesapeake A Ohio
lb ilioad proper, from Richmond. Va., at the head
of tide-water on the James River, to Ilmitingtoi
IV. Va., mi the Ohio River, some 7 mile* above th
in.mill of the Rig Sandy. Is about 420 miles
Of this distance. 227 miles, from Riehinnn
to White Sulphur, Va.. are completed and in opera
tion; miles, from the mouth of flu* Big .Sandy
to llu* falls of the Kanawha, are ready for the
rails, and only await a rise in the river which will
allow the traKsiKirtation of material, to be made
ready for the locomotive, leavinga gap of fti miles,
from the Kanawha Falls to Cov ington. Va., to In*
tilled up. The entire road is to )h* in oiwration by
the Ist of Si ptetiilier next, ami will have cost,
when finished, iao.u'o.ooo.
J'XKSOSA I.
Mrs. Ruth Davis. widowof the late Perry Davis
inventor of the Davis Pain-killer, died in Provi
deuce on Wednesday, at the age of four score
years.
—Through the j>ersotia! efforts of John Whit
tier. si,ooo have Inch raised at Amesbury and for
warded to Chicago.
—A recent St. Jolm.N. R„ journal, in an account
of the exhibition of the Fruit Growers’ Associa
tion at Wolfeville. N. S.. in the Valley of Acadia,
says: Dr. Hamilton, the President of the Asso
ciation, succeeded in winning the Evangeline
prize, a Iwaullfu! copy of •Evangeline.* presented
by ITofessor H. W. Igwigfellow. for tiro )M?st dozen
varieties of table apples, six of each sort. The
latter prize was presented to Mr. Davis by His
Excellency Lieutenant Governor Doyle in a very
neat Speech. He regretted Longfellow was not
present to deliver it in person, referring to the
high ptsdtioij he held as a poet, and the great
honor lie hud done the association In offering the
prize.”
—The Rev. Nathaniel >f. Crawford. D. D.. died
at his farm in Whitfield County. (Ja., on the 27th
nit. He was the sou of the Hou. William H.
Crawford (at one* time a candidate fur President
of the United Stales), and was about CO years of
age.
l Thedanghterof tin* Into John A. Poor, of Port
land, Mo., has sued the European North Amer
ican Kailroad fur $50,00u, which .-he claims to he
due to her father.
—fivorge CatHn. the veteran historian of* t n0
Indian ruee, has returned to America rmu j.* u
rope. ami is exhibiting in- va-t lu Now
York.
—The hobby of thy |.’rQv n rduoo of Prussia is
agriculture, ZHs near Itramlenburg. costs
him v rv year fifty thousand dollars: but ho
has. at all events, the pleasure of telling his
quests at the dinner-table that he him-elf raised
all the vegetables which are placed on the table.
—Elder Evans. the Shaker, now in Isuulon. has
a ready wit with him at all times. On being
asked, the other day, which were the ipmlities
ino>t appreciated in the female-at Mount 1-eb
anon, he replied: “The woman who makvth a
ymal pudding is always more valued by us than
she who inakcth a tart reply.*’
—Mr. Yung Wine. a Chines* gentleman, who
was educated in Yale Colleire. has been engaged
to take charge of thirty student- to the Tinted
."■tate**. ami the Chinese government has voted a
grunt ofsl.f>uo.oooiomeet all expense-for the en
suing tep years. The number of students will be
yearly increased by installments of thirty.
—Mr. James Denison. for more than forty years
the representative of the I-oudon Time* on the
Western Circuit, died recently. He usually man
aged the expresses of that journal in the West of
England at a lime when railways and electric
telegraphs were unknown: and many eouto-ts
incurred l»otweon him and Mr. Ciigrles Diekens,
who then rcprcsenUnl the Morning T/iri..*'‘We, to
secure priority of information.
—Eugene Euuott. a Frenchman. on his way
from lUiltituorc to New Orleans, committed sui
cide at rittfibnrgh. net. ai. He took up a position
on the railroad track, ami deliberately shot him
self, falling across the track. An approaching
train passed over his body. cutting off both of his
legs.
—M. Thiers, observe* the Coirrxjtomlmrr Furo
piciinr. give* dinner* every day. and great lil*erly
of speech is allowed. The lYe-iJent. who is a good
whist-player, asks men of all shades of parlies to
play with him, without fearing that they will de
vour one another. General Ibntal. M. Jule* Si
mon. M. I>e lamey—Republicans, Consipartists,
and legitimists—arc to be seen. Orlcunists swarm
at the Presidency. Tldcr« smiles upon all; noth
ing can discomfort him.
—lle-n* Woerman. ship-owner, of Hamburg, has
Ik'cu commissioned to procure a coffin for his
present Majesty, the King of Jborio. on the west
coast of Africa. The coffin is of firwood.
polished on the «>ut*ldc. ami ou the whole fur
nished very comfortably. It l* lined with red
velvet, and has soft velvet cushions. There are
tivo glass windows in the lid, to let the light en
ter and under It is placed a mirror for aid to re
flection. Tlie handles and feet are of tin. as well
as all the window-settings, and lastly .the coffin's
arrangement b completed by two l>ottles of
Genova and the necessary glasses," It la also
stiitcnl that this box I* to be placed in the mean
time In His Majesty's state apartment," where
it is to be hoped the two bottles of Geneva will
not prove too tempting.
—When King Amadeus sent a telegram to the
ex-Empress Eugenie, asking what honors she
wished to have rendered her on her visit to Spain.
*hc replied that she dtvdred to travel in the strict
est privacy. Her adversities, she added, had made
her indifferent to pomp and ceremony. She re
turned to Spain as an unfortunate woman, anx
ious to see once more the land of her birth. Where
she had been so happy.
Thieving eta the hferth Side—Where are
the Police f
To iht Editor of the Chicago Taibunc:
f*iß: H»ve wea i*ollcc force or not! Those* re
sidinpon the North Side before the fire have con
cluded that we have'not. at least since the great
conflagration swept their homes away. Bands of
thieves have roamed at large all over the North
Side during the past few weeks, and have carried
off or destroyed what little of value remained.
Iron and metals of all kinds formed the hulk of
their plunder. Iron femvr. have been torn from
their fastenings, and the stone* wuntouly broken
to facilitate getting them out. thus entailing upon
the owner not only the loss of the iron, but also
the «-e of the Zones in rebuilding. Business men
an* »l pn>s-iit s** engaged in looking after their
business Intervals that they cannot pav attention
to their residence property. It would bo sup
posisl that the would at least prevent it*
bt lug Mok u in broad daylight.
u.nk op Many Scrrmir.RS.
FJEE-PEOOF MEETINGS.
The Campaign Against the Bum-
mers and Scnllawafjs.
msing Meetings of the Sap
porters of the Fire-
Proof Ticket.
Telling Speeches by Honest Hen of
Both Political Parties.
ELEVENTH W.UtD.
A meeting was hold on Saturday evening at tho
Id Turner Hall, on Milwaukee avenue, which was
onerously attended by citizens of tho Eleventh
Ward, all in favor of the Fire-Proof ticket.
The first speech was made by Colonel A- C.
Stony, who said he was glad to I fury tho hatchet
and join with Republicans In building up the city.
It was about time to sec if they could not put up
doccut building* iu which they could preserve
their records. Tho loss of tlu* old buildings was
lue to the inefficiency of public servant*, ami uow
hat they were beginning again, they must select
iflVient men, men whom they would employ to
Why did they want to
to their uwu business.
■nipluy Aid. Walsh to do their legislating! Why
did that man toll Mr. Goggin it would require
$i,CO(» to have' a Ipl bought by the city!
He had not proved himself faltliful, and should
go. There was no tetter testimony of tho bad
ness of the Council and the Supervisors, than the
*o-caIK-d fire-proof Court House, and on Tuesday
toy i-hould turn them all out of office. Mr.
Walsh did not represent tbe intelligence of the
community—he represented nothing at all, except
the South Side street Railway. Mr. Walsh had
gone to Mr. Goggin and told him he would have
to spend money to get bis lot bought, and that
explained why he was so noxious to gctre-elocled-
To do U, he had spent If .they elected such
men. they ought to be burnt out. Tlie candidates
on the Fire-Proof ticket were all admirable, from
Judge Jameson down. That gentleman was ex
perienced, and had served them faithfully for
years, in a place where honest andfalthfulservice
was most necessary. Judge Atwood was not to
te compared with him. The County Commission-
ers ou the Fire-Proof ticket were men of property
and respectability, while the others were not. One
of them. Mr. Holland, had made his living out of
the Peoria Insurance Company till he got on the
Boar a of .SniH-rvi.-oi>. and his conduct had not
recommended him. and he was the most respect
aide of the lot. He had rather have the Relief
Committee support them than give them office.
As for Mr. Holden, he objected to hi* riding about
the eltv at the expense of widows and orphans,
and spending, to get eluded, money which was
sent for the relief of tin* poor. The only thing
that would eleet him was the over-confidence of
the other side, and their failing to vote. If the
iieople tamed out. the Flre-Pnmf ticket would
la* elected by an overwhelming majority.
But Ibr the tire which burnt up the
indictments, a large nuudHT of the delegate* to
tbeßioe A Jackson Hall convention would not
have appeared then*. They could not afford to
elect the Isolde whom tho>e delegates had nomi
nated. unless they wanted their taxes doubled,
and the titles to their pru]KTtv In eternal doubt.
All the I«ink vault-did not cost a tithe of what
the Court House did, and yet all the records in
the one were saved, and in the other wen* lost.
Colonel A. C. Jacob-on wa* gratified that, after
their misfortune, the people were coming together
to elect an admiratde ticket. lie was glad that
on Tuesday be could vote (or excellent Uemwmts
ami Republicans-for Hag** and Tree, ami Medilt
ami Kumsey. He was au-o pleased to see
such excellent nominees for Aldermen.
Their voting next Tuesday was a matter of busi
ness. It was to decide whether they were to have
high or low tuxes; whether the town was to de
cay or grow. If they electu! the Fire-Proof
ticket they would tell the world that their credit
was good, and that they were to have an econom
ical administration. If they het'-d tin* other. It
would Ik.* the reverse. Mr. Medill was Known
everywhere, ami. in comparison with him. Mr.
Holden was a uoho*ly. and no one outside the city
knew him. lit* then compared Mr. Rmusey with
Henry Harms, and pointed out the advantages
of selecting a man whose name was known In
business circles everywhere. Mr. Harms was his
ixusonal friend ami was honest; but at such a
time thev should not elect him. for he was un
known. It was no time for personal considera
tions. The only question was howto maintain
the credit of the citv, and to rebuild it. To do it
thev must elect honest men. and atari under new
auspices.
The meeting adjourned after brief and ammatet
siHvehes bv Mr. Tnike and Henry Sweet, the ex
eellcut camlidale for Alderman in the ward.
SKVKNTII WAJll*.
A meeting of the citizens ..f the Seventh ward
was held on Saturday evening, at No. (V.d Halsted
street, l*elween Seventeenth and Eighteen!.«
streets. The meeting was extremely well attend
ed. and enthusiastic to a remarkable degree. Mr.
Bulger called the meeting to order, ami Mr. John
Deiikin was elected Chairman, uud Mr. Thomas
Chmey. Secretary.
Tin* Chair stated the object of the meeting us
Itclne to hear some of f lio candidates on tin- Hir-
Troof ticket, ih* said that it ever the city stood
in m*ed of a Fireproof ticket—a ticket upon
which were men against whom no reproach could
Im’ uttered—it wiw at this time. He h»*»ed the
meeting would Ik* orderly and attentive.
In tin* absence of the ‘'down-town speaker-*.
Mr. Bulger entertained the meeting. In lib own
peculiar stvle. Mr. Bulger set forth the stringent
reasons for the ch*etlon of men who were not tax
eaten*. He mealed to each
choose tictween Joseph Medlil ami 1. Holden
for Muvor on the merits of the two men.
Mr. M. N. Miller was loudly railed
for, and resjHmded l*» a neat _ and
concise sm*eeh In support of the Kin-Proof ticket.
He said the present condition of the city was in
every wav to in* deplored, and the prospect of its
being rebuilt depended entirely on the men who
might be elected on Tuesday. If the citizens w
lected men who would do their duty without pock
eting the citizens* money, then the city would
niram Ik* rebuilt, and Ik* once tuon* the wimm-r of
the world, because its credit abroad depended en
tirely mum the men who wen* elected to the city
others. lie compared Mr. Medill to Mr. Holden.
Did thev want a man with thlrtwn relatives in
olllce, each jus-keting the vit)»*n»* money I He
wondered how Mr. Holden, from an other
that of Aldennau. which yielded no
eeeded in draw ing money to puveln****- -*i'
.-im.. i.e woiUu '“'.M, I.
suspicions jin-son t\s c. 1». ‘Holden Mayor
*...e pity. [A of nws] Did they want a
msdi who btole the money sent here for the relief
of the bumt-ont citizens for Mayor? [Yells of
No.*’l If any one etoihl show Holden in any
wav preferable to Metllll ho would vole for him.
lie Isn’t.”] The speaker went on to compare
the tw-o tickets. Hen* three rousing cheers were
given for the Fin-IYoof ticket.
Loiul calls brought General Stiles to the stand.
He was received with eh**ers. lie said he believ
ed In free speech. Ho lielieved in letting every
man vote ns he chose. If any man voted for Hol
den he might do so. He had read In the papers
that Holden had reeeiv**d SlS.nno to distribute
among the destitute, and had refused to give an
account of it. Now, he didn't know how mu* it was.
but if It was not true Mr. Holden ought to make
rn explanation. If it was true, it was a pretty
bad thing on Holden. But there was o.o* man
who had I»eer tried ns si faithful servant of the
people, who, a* Cltv Treasurer, had turned into
the Treasury Fro.ono.’fhe interest ou the city de
posits, and that man was David A. Gage. He
would like to »h* on a ticket that had Mr. Gage's
name on it. (Cheers.) He thought the present
no time for talking polities. He would put off
polities for another year, Me was for men who
could Ik* trusted.
At this time aliont a dozen men from a Sorehead
meeting on the same street, where a quorum
could not bo got together, came in and tried to
disturb the tm*«tiac. but failed most miserably.
The speaker was loudly applauded.
Mr. Kleiitsch was called for and responded. He
repudiated the intr*Mluetiou of polities into the
present campaign. It was not a time tofconslder
who were lb-publicans «r Democrats, but who
were the Wen who would help the people out of
their present difficulties. He thought It a matter
of the greatest importance to every mile property
owner to detemdm* how he could secure a title to
hU property. Hence the necessity for honest men
in other. as Comity Gommi-sioncn-> e.-iH*elally. The
Commissioners should, therefore, have an interest
in property. Both tickets were composed of la
••ublieaus and Democrats. ami then* could be no
orefeivnve on that score. Therefore thy Seventh
Iv'inl’.'mil p™-n. y 1
which hud the bm djrn "pou H.
The speaker was loudly ai.^kimiMl.
Several other gentlemen \ao
which adjourned with three cheers for David A.
Gage and the Kin-Pn*of ticket.
11m* dozen men who had distinguished them
selves bv bawling Holden wen* requested 10
leave the lui-etmg. Tliey did so. anil ilrove off
with General Stiles' Imcgy. Such are the support
-rs of the soivhom! ticket.
Forum w.iitn.
The voters of the Fourth Ward assembled al
I'hlleh’s Hotel. rorucr of Twenty-second ami
state *Uvets. on Saturday evening. to Indorse the*
Vnion Fixv-IT«*of ticket. Over four hundred p<T
x)iis> won' present. and of a different Mamp from
tlio men wth) drank Alderman Holden's l*eer. In a
low groggerv noar by. The enthnshisin of tin*
crowd was unlimited. ami cheer* worn frequently
given for the ticket, and tlio gentlemen who*e
naim s a ro upon it. C. H. Gaubert was elected
President.
Hon. v J. (Jallowav was introduced, and Maid
lit* had nut mot a respectable man who was mil in
favor of the ticket. Applause.) Ho had always
paid attention to i*oUtlcal matters. and had
never wen la tter nominations mane. Ho had
known the Hon. Joseph Medill for fifteen rears,
had met him In various places. *nd know him to
be an able, honest, and energetic centleman-a
man of nerve, of unusual ability, and undoubted
Intecrity. He defied any manto find a defect m
Jodm Jiimeßon-a ebametfr. Tbe ticket modi;
up of the best men in the eommunlty.and merited
the support of all law-abiding citizen*.
Ex-Alderman MeKoy said the city had to bo re
built and In order to obtain money from capital
ize to do the work, honest and capable men roan
l*e pnt Into oftire to show the outside world that
the money sent here for investment n onM not be
stolen. No better man than Joseph MedlU could
bo found- The other nominees were capable
men. and all were sure to In* elected- exposed
seme of Aldertuan Holdens tricks in the Coun
cil. and assertMtbat be (Holden) wi*. no sooner
out of one steal than he was In another.
Captain Counett then addressed the meeting.
Ho Mid there were no points la Hidden s charac
ter. He was “no*** “yes.” “yes. “no -every
thine for Holden. Ho (Iloldrnl wont to Spring
field. l*mg enrol the V.o~-t Side Park Commia
olonoro, and tried t" bare the s«*»mfnfi for
lmrksoontlnnotl.th.it lie might take the rage off
the taxpayers when the city was In ashes.
Holden had of the ixliof money m ms pps
sessiou. which lw would nut give up. and also
sm-nt *240 in a week for horsra nd
had it charged to the Belief Society. Holden was
interested man insurance company which has
nsjmn.nv in risk*, and not enough paid up capital
to Sturt a rtrsl-elaas apple stand. He had been
working for nothing for eleven years, but yet
had several marble fronts.
Wpeeebe* were sl-fl made by Mr. Day. toloßw
Boyd. J. 11. NcAroy and others.
SIXTH WASH.
There was a large meeting of the citizens of the
Sixth Ward who favor the Fire-Proof ticket, held
eo Saturday evening at tin* house of Thomas Mur
pliv, at U»e corner of Eighteenth street and Went
worth avenue. It was called to order by George
Hilton, who made stirring sprech, urging hi*
hearers to rally to the support nt the Fire-Proof
ticket, which was made up of s.K*d and ocunatu
leal men.
Captain Connell followed in a felling speech. m
which he showed up the r orrt of C. C. P. Holdmi
and the other ttu mbars of Ha ta-nily. and exposed
tho West l*ark. and other 'rama.'tlonsof tha for
mer, especially the way in which he had dispopcd
of the funds entrust**! to lilfli for tlir- relief of the
destitute. The Cantab’i’** speech made :i deemed
impression on We hearers, and there U no ques
tion that Ihe Hixth Ward will:give a heavy major
ity for the Fire-Proof ticket to-morrow.
FOREIGN INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Bankrnptcy Again*!
Them.
Proceeding* In
To the Editor of The Chicago Trilntoe:
6m: I am advised that a petition in bank
ruptcy has been tiled in the United Suites Dis
trict Court by Kirk Hawes, of this city, asking
that the Manhattan Insurance Company, of **yw
York city, be dealared a bn abrupt, ami an
slpiico appointed to take charge of its assets for
the benefit of its creditors. Aa thr question pre
sented by this petition, viz.: Whether a
foreign corporation doing business in this
State is amenable to Ilk- bankrupt courts of this
State—it- a new one—never having been passed
upon by our courts here.us F understaud, and a*>
rho thousands of our eitutens who have lost their
all in the late fire are deeply interested hr the de
cision which win l>e rendered by our Judges in this
case, I venture t» state to you my idea- in the
matter, and would usk that yon-will expire your
view- editorially upom tlio -nfep-ot
through the columns or your paper, for
the l>eneflt of the many ettl/en*
who ait* holding policies in'foreign coniiHuiics.
ami as an incentive to our Judicial powers U> give
the mutter a thorough investigation before de
ciding adversely to the Interests of our unfor
tunate citizens.
By an act passed by the General Assembly of
tills State, March 11, 1869, relating to insurance
companies, It is enacted, among other things, that
an v insurance company Incorporated ororguuized
under the laws of tiny otlicr State, desiring to do
business in this State, must fln>t appoint uaattor
ney in this State, on whom process of law can In*
served and Hied In tho umce of the Auditor of
Public Accounts. A written instrument, duly
signed and waled, certifying such- appointment,
which shall continue until another attorney be
substituted; and any process Issued by any court
of record lu this State shall bedeeuicd asutllricui
service of process ujnm such company, ami iu
ease any insurance company, not incorporated iu
iu this State, shall cease to transact business in.
this State, the agent last designated, or ai.-liug.as
such fur such eoriKiration, shall he deemed to cum
tlnuc agent for such corporation. for the puprose
of serving process for commeuciug actions
upon any policy or liability issued or contracted
wmllc such corporation transacted business iu
this State. {See Grows Statutes, chap. M. see. 22.]
From this it is evident that our Legislature in
tended that any foreign insurance company that
should come into this State to do business should
be amenable to the laws of this State to the samu
extent us any private citizen, and that the cred
itors of such company should not be obliged to
apply to the Judicial powers of any
other State for the enforcement of their
rights or claims. The Manhattan
Insurance Company, as lam Informed, is a cor
poration. Incorporated under the laws of the
State of New York. Iu entering this State to do
buslncss.lt complied with the statute before re
ferred to by appointing uu agent who still resides
in the city of Chicago, and upon whomservioe can
bo had If process Is issued -by any court lu tin*
county. From u notice which I clip from the tiles
of your paper It would appearthat ouc Alexander
M. C. Sndtn.has commeuecd asuit In the Supreme
Coutt of the city of New York against this Man
hattan Insurance Company, ami such pr«K-eediugs
have lK.t*u htwl that one Chancey Bedell has been
appointed Ib-ceiver of all the property, funds and
ctlecls of the company, and all persons havnig
claims against said company are required, by tin*
order of the said court, to present their elauas to
this man Bedell, in the city of New York, on or
Is forc December 15, IH7I, at 10 o’clock am. What
the penalty will be fora failure to present one’s
eluimsbefuivlOuVlocku,m.oftliatdi»ylsiiot stated.
Thus it appears that this lusuraueo company,
having succeeded, bv false representations, lu in
ducing our citizens to insure their .property in
that eompauv. now that the time has arrived
when thev are called upon to meet their liabilities
has quietly withdrawn to its own private head
quarters. and. having placed itself iu the Iniuds of
a frleiidlv Deceiver, demands of us that we shall
be at theVxpense of sending our claims to the city
of New York, there t» await the result of a legal
procedure that will end, nobody knows
when, and will pay nolmdy knows what. A short
time after the tire it was my fortune to meet the
Vice-President of this company. Mr. Andrew J.
•Smith, iu Chicago, In* having visited our city for
the purpose, as it would appear, of endeavoring
to induce the policy-holders of that company to
compromise their claims at fifty cents on a dollar.
In mv conversion with him. In* informed m»-
tliat the losses tiie company had sustained
bv the late tin- amounted to about one
million two hundred and lUly thoiisau-l.
and that the total a»ets of the company
were about f1.2t0.0n0. but that the ollieers of the
eompany had set apart the sum of Moo.imo as a re
insurance fund, hoping thereby to save the chart cf
ol the company. which he iulormed me was per
petual.
To this mode of procedure. I. of course, reman*
strated. urging that the parties holding policies
lu New York and elsewhere, whose property had
not been burned, had no greater Haims upon the
a-.-ets of the eoinpauv than tlio-e in Chicago
win* had lost their all. My remonstrance.
I fear, however, was of little avail, and
it i- verv clear to inv mind, that the appointment
of |lie Deceiver in New York is for the purpose of
favoring Eastern i*oliev-holders. and worrying
our citizens who hold indU-ie* in that company by
suspense and delay, till they are willing to aeeept
whatever this company may ch«*o«e to pay them.
The course pursued by this company. I am in
formed, li»h been adopted by two or three other
Eastern companies, mid 1 have no doubt It will be
billowed bv all of the insolvent Eastern compa
nies if it shall prove that they are Itcyond
the reach of the bankrupt courts of this State*.
The very net in itself of this company allowing nr
suffering Us assets to l*e placed in the hands of a
Deceiver is an act of bankruptcy—lt is au allow
ing of its property to Ik- taken by legal process,
which lends to hinder and delay the operations of
the Bankrupt Act.”—See Bump on Bankruptcy,
page <M. The only question, therefore, is whether
our courts here have Jurisdiction of the matter,
and will entertain u petition tiled against
a corporation. Incorporsded under tlic
laws of a sister state. From these
few suggestions I think you will sec that it is of
vital inqiortanee to the unfortunate policy-holders
in this city that these foreign companies la* hold
amenable to tho bankrupt courts of this State
where the assets of the companies can nil bo
rem in d and applied to the payment of Ju-d claims
and the policy-holders not Ik* put to £reat expense
and forced to present their claims In a distant
Slate where they can obtain ;m personal kttOw’ 4
edge of what Is In-lug done with iuuds of D-*. t uiu
panics in which they ha*,c- inverted r t,cir utuwcv.
Yours very truly. id m-.sil.v.M.’
CIUC.UJO.Nov, i.
RESTORING THE RECORDS.
Ulrrlinrfof the JndgM—Proj»o*c4 Htatntc
ofLiwilßlion Offered by Judge nary.
The Judges of jmd in Cook County met ou Satur
day to eou*ider the plan of legislation proposed
by their sulv-eonuuittee. through the lion. Joseph
JE. Gary, of the Superior Court, for the perfecting
of title*. There were present n majority of the
Judges, but the meeting, because all were not
present, resulted only in an adjournment. Before
the result was reached, some suggestions were
thrown out. whieh took, however, no permanent
shape. Judge Blodgete. the Chairman, was not
uvseiii. nor wa* Judge Drummond, who had
M*en. as it wa* understood. Invited to give the
weight of Ids twenty-two years of Judicial skill to
the eouslderution of relief measures.
To meet some objection* whieh had boon sug
gested by his assoeflite Judges. Judge Gary has.
siuen it was puidished. derobed bis plan of
some word* which hail reference to matters of de
tail; at the same time he ha* proposed to add in
the nature of a statute of limitations some sec
tions. These, a* a bare prop»»sltb*u, are a* fol
lows:
No person who now hath nr hereafter may bare any
right of entrv into anj* lands, tenements, or heredita
ment* in au'v countv in which the large*! part of the
ivtnmis. lss*k*. and paper* of the public otßces of such
countv Im\ e l*vi> or should Is- !<*>t or destroyed. shall
make* an i*ntn therein. hut within three years after
stick to-* or lie-miction, ami such person shall be
burred from anv entry afterwards, unless such
right accnusl or sliall accrue after such lessor de
struction.
Kveiy real, jMw«essory, anee*tnil, or mixed action,
or writ of right brought for the recovery of any lands,
tenement* or. hereditament*. ami even suit In eoiuty
or other (proceeding instituted to establish any Inter
est In or claim nj*on «n> land*, tenement*, or her**du
utnent*. in anv countv in which the largest part ot the
nvnnb. book and papers of the public offices of such
countv have been or shall be lost or destroyed, shall be
bivtiglit within tints* wars alter such loss or dcstruc
lion, miles- the right or title to such lands tenements,
or h» mUtamvnts. or cause of sue a ttcilmt, suit. Ut
isniiiy, ur t'lher proceeding accrued or shall accrue
atter such lessor destruction.
No bar wider any ollu-r statute of any right of ntrj.
real possession. ainvstr.il. or mixed action. wHI of
right, suit, in equity, or other ptwvvdbig, shall be its
uiovtsl er afltvled by anything contained lu the two
pnveding actions.
Thr Mhndc Trm.
To (he Editor of Thr Chicago Tribune.
Pin The shade trees of the burnt district, if not
promptly attended to, will be lost: aud to the
North bide especially, «*f wbleh they were one of
Ibe principal ornaments, the loss would be almost
irreparable, TUe palatial residence and magnlfl
cent bnslmst* bloek* destroyed by the late lire can.
in a short time, by money, skill, and labor, bo re
placed but if w ill take many years to restore
the shade trees from new plant*. If the old ones
are permitted to die out. Fortunately, science
has provided a remedy from even this calamity—
an unfailing remedy.
Tiees partially scorched, but not vitally con
sumed can be preserved us far tin us the bark
adheres mmmilly to the trunk, and In two years
will throw out u dense and well formed group
of boughs, which will appear more ontameut.il
and afford a more perfect shade than the old
tiees did before the lire. I will furnish the ma
terial at a small cost, with instructions how to
apply It; or I will take charge of the trees of the
entlie burnt district, and treat and preserve
them for a reasonable remuneration.
Communications addressed to me at ray office.
No. C J6 West MuiU*on-sl,, will receive prompt
attt ntion. John C. PuiLurs.
Chicago. Nov. 4.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sik: What few tree* we ouce had in tie burnt
district aro now gone. In the past we have had
altogether too few of them, and the absence of
this few will be sadly missed in the New Chicago
that Is already upon us. Houses grow faster than
trees, and. at the soonest, it will be long before
the latter rah attain to size and beauty, if s»?tout
at the earliest available day, and never will there
come a time after our first hurry of rebuilding is
over, when the subject of providing trees for our
residence streets can be more fully and salisfae
rily carried Into execution. Will not our large
real estate owners keep the matter ro mind;; and
cannot some general action be token that anau
fitly supplement the architectural
coming city, adding a hundred fold to its attn*o
tlvenessl KoUO UMHM.KL.
Cuicauo, Nov. 4.
Am ißslaare »f Chirsi* Knierprire.
On Tuesday the 10th of October, while the fire
had hardly reused raging, and the business ener
gy of many was paralyzed by the loss caused by
the conflagration. Mllhtrd 6c Decker, the well
known stationers. had undauntedly commenced
work anew. On that daj they were running
four printing presses, and t*u the
dav. two davs afteir piwuH't and eonrageow*
Start, had their lithographing presses In order,
turning out tiret-elass work ns usual. To Uioms
only who know thedi«cu«y. at such a tIUK
cvttiug printing and litbogrMpUng prey's. and
proiwiiv working them., will this enterprise ton
iJ-tly approeinbsL Therr new factory, one hun
dred act long, and two-tortw n
oh t» d. Thev thus vo«k**a doable their *‘*i n *_ r
cat i citv. and an* oow prepared to do all vor~ on
truiurt to tbeir i-.re witk Srivit.r dKp.xlcl.tbM
o vet. and fhelr facilities for in*intimr. lithograph
iu*r. blank boot; manufacturing arc complete,
for tber have machinery t«> which large additions
tin v<* Irccii made during the jmst week, which
posses* tbo latest iraprovemetrts. Their oflfee
•tnd More for the present Is at No. 120 West Wash
ington street. where they will lx- pleased to moo all
their formercustomers ami a> many ueW ones us
may favor them with a calf.
•RTTt.rgF matters.
BA3HTAUY ftKVOKT.
The Committee on aiekand Hospital report for
November 3 aa follows; Die general health of
the rlty Is good, with oo more sickness to the bur-
Rieka than ia to bo exported. Quo oise of ermtl*
pox occurred lu the barracks at the corner of
Madison at»d Elizabeth afreets, and as ««un a* the
character of the disease was manifest the whole
family were removed, with all bedding, clothing,
etc., and tlie/jnartcra thoroughly disinfected. liv
addition to the foregoing precaution*, over 700 of
the resident* of these barracks were vaccinated
and iwaccieated. Regulations for the sanitary
management have been prepared nmJ will be-
Rtrietiv enforced. Id a short time the Inmates of
all tbo barructe will bo vaccinated.
SHELTEB RtrOBT.
Die Committee on Shelter report ter Nowemi>cr
u, a* fellows: Applications for' bouses, 131: total
application# for kausea orders issued
for houses, 108: Caul orders issued for bouses to
dfip’.-i.im rppliearlons rejected 10; applications
held f«ir P6. Die barracks arv in
satisfactory conuiciaa. The new <*wsouClyboarn
uveuiie are being lUTed as rapidly as they are com
pleted. Tbo SheltcuOnmifttee delivered on Kri-
lay. 2T stoves,and u»7 mattresses, besides tabfes,
.•hairs, bodde.ula.erv.
announcements.
Tbo Bureau of Special Counsel actf Assistance,
instituted by the Cbieaiga Relief and Aid Society,
will meet in the First- tfoßgrcg»tio:uirCharcb, cor
ner of Ann and West* Washington streets, Mondav
November C. ar 2:30 p. m~ Pastors of all cburobeV*
to the clty.aud one delegate frmneverytKmctlcLiry
organization In the city are invited to be prosent.|
—All the district- lying sooth of £>ouclo» place to
the city limits, und wese from the Lake shore to
the Pittsburgh A Fort Wayue liallroadi Is being
revising by Rev. Chaplain Tuttle, and. Bev. B.
Morgan. As many suflfeoers by the lire *r 4 re
moving to this part of the rityj cases should be
reported acouce to them aft the oflice in the vestry
ot bt. Stark’s Churrh,. Cottage Grove.
ALL nfK W.vV FUUM .MONTANA.
Mrs. Lew Wallace.. of Htli-nu. Mtmwna Terri
tory-, sent u )h>x ot goods, worth fOOO, confining
female apparol. shoes, stockings, etc., including
an elegant shawl given her by her friend* us u
present when, she left Chicago five years ago.
bbe consigned the box to Mr. ftuthgarber, to euro
of Captain Hickey, to Im> distributed muoug the
most necessitous, which has been dune.
Bank Clerk*—B*»el*tion ef Thank*.
|At meeting of the bank clerks, held at thn
Clearing IJousts-Saturday evening, the 4th tost.,
the following resolutions were unanimously
adopted:
Wukuka*. The N ewYotk Rank Clerk*’ Association has
donated a fnud for the relief of bank clerk* of the City
nfrlilcacowlmwerewifferers bribe fire of October S
and 9. ami left in nceilv circumstance*: and.
WUHjka*. Su<L tail'd has already been remitted to,
;unl is now held by the I’etlcf amt Aid Society of L'hl.
rage. subject to the order of the donors; therefore,
be it t
IU-M'lved. That the New York Rank Clerk** Associa
tion be requested to direct the lUlhf aud Aid Society
of Chirac to ray over said fund tutho committee here
i nailer tinmen.
Itesolvtil. That J. C. spencer, W. Oaklev, s. 11.
Hardin. C. M. smith mid A. Ive* be. and they are.
hereby upi>obilul u committee in beliall of the Chicago
bank del ka. to receive and «U»burse any funds donated
lor the relief of the bank clerk* of Chicago
lU-M-lved. Tliat the bank clerk* of Chicago an* deep-
Ivgiatiticd bv lid* mark of *viu|*athy on the part of
the New York Rank Clerk*’ Association, aud unanl
nunu-ly tender their heartfelt thank* for the substan
tial aid tliii- i.ffoi d«*L
lUII ..all lIHIN 111-U
IlcMilvcd. That a cupv of thc*o he. for
wauled to the New York Rank clerk*’ .\**4iclath>u f aud
al*o pnbli.'hcd in the daily paper* of lid* city.
In*urmicc Rnir*.
To (he Editor uf The Chicago Trionne
Sir: Your article* upon iiiMtrmire rate* an*
will film'd. Tim extortion now attempted by
heavy additional rate* *honld not reeelve.supimrt.
lUcatise a great fin* ha* occurred. ii j* a greater
reason tosnpposi* that *o great a calamity will not
overtake ii.- iigim; at any rate, for a while. It will
make n* all more cautious. \Vo *hail seek to Had
a lu-n explosive oil. Tlu* authentic* ought to pro
hibit the tin* of kerosene forlighthiirpuriH»se*.
Tlm* rates now asked for inpuram-e ii|Km private
dwellings «v tlwlr content-* are ruinous. No class
of risks to any insurance company are mi prollt
ahle. It i* Jn*t the time for oceniwint* of private
dwelling* to combine ami form almntnal emnpanv.
No gveattf saving can be nlVected titan I Jointlj
instile ourselves; fur then each tun* i* a guardian,
not onh of hi* own, but his neighbor.** property.
Sr.vNt.K\ l»\v.
CIIU-AOO. Nov. 4.
Vnlnnblr Addition* lo Ihr NpJrntific Appa*
ruUi* of the I’nUcrsitj of Chicago.
fieorge llasvltiue, Keip. the well-known Amori
eun solicitor in Loudon. him presented to the Unl
voisitv of Chicago. through Prof. Wheeler, a val
uable addition to the plmosophietd ami chemical
apparatus „f that institution. A powcrfuK'.rove’s
batten a full set of tin* famous Gei?slor tubes,
ami one of the largest Induction-foils ever ini
ported, are included in the donation; also, one of
the new Grillin furnaces for smelting and assay
ing by means of illuminating pis.
It Is worthy of notice that this apparatus, to
gether with*a shipment to Field, Loiter »k Co.,
made up tlie Hrst lot of unnppmlsed goods re
ceived at the rhieago Custom House under the
new law regarding'bonded .shipments to interior
port* of entry.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Price, RosenWatt&Co
Take pleasure in informing their
friends, and the trade generally
that they are now ready for busi
ness.
Our stock is entirely new, and
Will be sold at the lowest market
prices. We have a spacious Kail.
SO by 100 feet, at 14-7 Twenty
second-st., where we will be
pleased to see vou. Orders
promptly filled.
Roofing Materials,
MD BtILDIIVG FELTS.
BiiiEiT, mm k
230 East Jlcmroe-st..
Near Mark* t. arc now propartsl to (111 all order* on
„h».it null*'*'. Call and net' Uu'in at w0 Jkiat Moaron-.-t.,
ni'sr Market.
PROOF Ol? LOSS
MADE lIV
JOHN CULVER,
BOP.M 5. NO. 7.1 SOI'TII (*ANAI..ST.
FURNITURE.
A. H. IADREIVS k CO,.
119 121 West Washington-*!,,
BOOTS AND SOOES.
BOOTS SHOES.
Doggettj Bassett Bills’
HEAIMiITARTRaS AT
532; WABASH AV M
comer Harmon court, are now races ring a no* stock of
BOOTS AND SHOES,
and am prepared to wpeiy cuHotnerv.
UISCBItDANBO US.
BRICK AND STONE
OLD IND NSW
BOUGHT FOR CASH. BT
LYJIAIV, BBIDfiKS Sc CO.,
Dealer in all kind* of Dolldiog Matariala and Beady*
made noneea. earner Oarroll and Hanraaon-ata,
Notice to naDaltecnrert.
I have J,i*o tree on Telk*»t., weat of DceeUtaca. and
300 net nn Dveptalaea, north of Polk it. All the above
libra bnnoeaa property. Will aail vithont aaycaab
•town, and fornuh a»aM moner to baild with-
X. W RAtfSDV. 37 Went Madt—»w-*t.
REMOVAL.
PAGE SPRAGUE
HATS RSMirrSD TO NTSC STORK.
304 and 306 Wabash-av.
FULL BT»K*K
Window filflsa. Paints and OKs.
POLITICAL.
ir'or
OF SIT/F.NTCKNTir A'AUD
A. P. W. SKINNER.
DRY GOODS.
HELD, LETTER CO.
tl*fX£ OPH.V TMIMIMn
Retail Department
with a large and well-asserted
STOCK OF GOODS,
AT TH23B FORMER LOW PRICES,
ON MOi\DAY, NOV* Of
CORNER
State and Twenfieth-sts.
GHAS. GQSSAGE CO.,
255 and 237 Madison-st.,
Are in receipt of tootaoice and
«d stock in all departments.
We are-also fully prepared to promptly
execute orders for PRESS and GXDAK
MAXING;- this department 'beiegrxe-es
tablished under former-maw agamPTifr.
Orders from residents out of Chicago
shall have careful attention.
prices: guaranteed iii all
cases.
CARSON, PIRIE& CO.
Wholesale Department
will open at 329 WJ-SiT MADISON-ST., on.
MONDAY, Nov*. 6,.with, an entire newxatock.
Retail Department
will be continued Sir a few days .at 638
WEST LASE-ST., where they will show a
large assortment of Slack and Colored Silks,
Merinos, Empress Cloths, Silk Velvets, Pais
ley Shawls, Pino Dress Goods, Broadcloths,
Beavers, CasaixnereSv etc.
Some of the above goods were slirhtlydam
aged in moving: the morning of the fire, and.
will be sold, at a great sacrifice.
RAILROADS,
CHICAGO, ALTON SUODIS
Through Lise,
Aud Louisiana New Short Route
FROM
CHICAGO TO KANSAS CITY.
On and after Monday, Oclob-rSfith, W7l. train* will
have aid arrive at YVtst Sido UoHta Dopot, uwr Madi
ion st. bridge, us tallows:
Xicave,
9:00 a. m...(except Sunday) Exjceas Mail, for St. Loot*,
\ia Main Line. _
9.10 u. m., (except Sunday) FastExpruSs. for Kansas
City. direct. via Jacksonville. 111., and Louisiana*
Mo.
4:10 p. m., (except Sunday) Jotlet Accommodation.
p. m., (except Sun-tar) Night Kxprras for St. Loots.,
via Main Line. On Sunilny this train runs to*
Springfield only.
9:0(> p. (except Saturday) Lightning Express for St.
Lruij. via Main Lins, and aUo rU duckaonvilla
oirtrion.
9:ootw in., (except Saturday) express for Kansas City,
direct, via Jacksonville, 111., and Louisiana, Bio,
Arrive.
From Si, Loins dally—7:li a. m.; <;3O p. ra. (except
Sunday); ati.i 7;(V»p. m. (except Sunday).
Frew Kansas City dully—7:ls a. m. (except Monday);
slid 4 £0 p. m. (except Sunday
Joliet Accommodation daily—9:4o a. m. (except San*
No mange of day cara and sleeping cara from Chica
go io St, 1.0% i» or t» Kansas City, and better tint
marie than by AtiT other nmto.
Pullman** I’amce Sleeping. Pining and Smoking cara
arc run on Ml our lines. Ino only lino running theso
cat* between Ct.icagu and M. Lonii, and tannine
Saturday night trains, and making the time in elevoa
bcurs.
J. C. MoMVLll!!,
O'enml Superintendent, Chktio.
JAMBS CIIAULToN. Geoortl Passenger and Ticket
Agent, Chicago.
PULLMAN
Palace Oar 00.
General Office,
506 Michigan-av.
TIME TABLE.
Arrival and Departure of Trains.
*rj:].\r. ai xozuK.yr
llltDoiff Ccnlml.
r.MoX JJKl’i.r—Fi«*t »>f K'llf-.-t.
l.favr.
9:20 a tn
SiNl P m
<t. Lrnt- ExjiriKi..
«U> K«M I.itic
Calm Matt .'.'ii-flfl'am i^pm
C’Jin>Kx|in»!> x* »i ..-OOtmt
K«eknk I’awciiwi 3:13 pm
Kilnghatn I’sissrup r. *3:13 p m
Kiii k&kr.- l*:i»ei-tiger 'l!H<»p hi
llviu* I'.irk ami oak W'.imU felt: a m 7:4»am
iin do do 9;45am 'UHO»m
i!o ilo do MSI® pm l:4lpm
do do do sxjftpro ’3;13 p ra
do do do '(!:10pm 'Mpm
do do do *11:00 pm
•Mindry* esci j t» <l. tsntnrday* excepted.
JL.nkc Sbore .Ulclilgan Southern Unilwny.
litivr—Cemer ««f Vnutinmimid shcnimn-nh*.
Tlrki t «I Hire, 36 .south Clark-«t.
special New York Kxpr«-!*i* *v.u) am 7:00 p m
Atlantic Kxpre-s (daily) .Vl*, p m SMaiu
Might Expiv-* MftOO p in *tCJn a n»
Chirflgo. Burlington A: Quincy Railroad*
Ticket Office. «n dark-.*!. (uppoolte Sherman Houho).
I'nion Dvjatt. h*»d of J*ake-Ht.
Mall and Kxpre«* T:3oam J:ir.pm
pacific Kant iJnc ■nul’inm 1:20 pm
OaU-elmrg Fawnger H.-UO p m
Mcndota <fi Ottawa l*av*cuser. 4:3® pm !h,V>ani
Antoni I’a/wngrr s:nnptn MO am
Pad tic Night Expn-o* t !hWpm t 7:4»aru
DowncrVtJrovoAci'omniiHjation* 1:43 pm *.'&V)pn
IHwncr’Htstwve Accommodation* €.!'«pm *lWiflp«
liownirMimvAccomniodatinn’inKOpm 7;loam
ItlvcrttKie»ud lilUMhiic 6:3® am WO»m
Uivendde and JUuoffiih* *iww a in Elrt p m
Riverside and Hnwla!** JiCpm 6:43 pm
•Sunday* exceptcU- tsytimktya cxccpliil. t.Muiulay.4
exccptviir
Itlirh. Central A CSrrnt IVtsiwn Railway,
Vnleu Depot—K«>t of Lake-M. Ticket office.St I»vko
mt. All truin'* atop at Twenty-seevod-at. station.
Mail (via mail line ami air line). tl<oa in s^tspm
ra-t New York Kxprew** Sd»a m 7:03 pm
At. Ex. tdallv) via Air Line. 3:13 pin MO am
Night Exprrst *:MO p m ‘te-TO a tit
UM'AL TMAINs.
Kalamazoo. Jackson »t Three
lUvcra Acc«immtshitli»n *4;oopm *iftS»am
(•Rind Rapids Exnn*»* -ftOOam 7:o3pm
Grand Rapids Night Express...-tfhOuptu -^&3Utvm
Snntlav night 3:15 p m
Sunday excepted. t Saturday i-veepied. Monday
excepted. UENUY C. VVKNTWOUTU.
General J’a.-wengec Agent.
Chicago* Alton it: St. Loals Railroad.
Ticket Office, .v. De»rhoni--l.
Exprr*** Mall *9:13 am *fcOOpm
JohelAcconitmulation 4;lopm 9*.toam
Night Express. CKO pm tl2Ssopni
Lightning Express tM® p m 7:lS» n»
F.xcejit Sundays. t Saturdaysexeepted. tSunday
aud Mumlay excepted, i Arrive every ruomiue.
Chicago. Dtutvlllo Vlocennca Railroad.
Mltw,\fKEf. DP.lfrT—Corner Canal and KinziealrwU,
West Side. Freight Office at C. I. Co.-•*
office, corner Hahded ami C •'t rr pß strvewt_ _
Mail Train, Chicago Time 4:lopm. 9£o*n
PiUebnrfth. Cincinnati A: St. LonUltoUroa*.
nElt>T-Cerner Canal and Klaße-st.-.. (Tdcaeo-
TM’KET nn-io:—Comer Randolph and l>curborn-etA
Clnelnnali Kxprts*
,o:.v.pm
C’elumhue i Eastern *25 S m a m
Cincinnati «t t olun.hns. y nx
lnrtlanar->:is ClnvtanftU «_ lamU- pm &Iopm
I elation 4:l® P t“ a n
Chicago, Hack Inland PnciSc-Kailroad.
11E2HT— Corner Van Burm aadSlurnaan-ata.
TU-KET OFT!rv.-3T south Oark-^t.
Night Expreoe IWO pm 7K»*»fc
Peru Ac«xmnj«sUUon .?r‘*s2‘
u. r igc Kind5'....................*1040a bi *xi.» p n
An elegant pallor ah-eping car to the torto
a. m. train running through to Council Bluffii and
OmkhA
Chicago d; Northnedm Railway.
Tiekit Office—Southeast corner o t Clark and
i>t.t
Clinton Taseenger *ft:S9am *&-43 p m
PaciMc fast Hue *10:43 a m SIS p m
l*j»cit*C night express 19:13 pm tSJM a ta
Fort I'Cflge and Unbnqne
express 'ftoa p m •2y» p tu
Sioux t ity and Dnbnuucex.. 'ftOOam 7:15 a m
Milwatikietnull... *5.9) a m ’Py.tOaiu
Milwaukee *9:4*. am '4.-on p m
Milwaukee *3.-00 p m *7:« p ta
Milwaukee* iwe-vriigiT id;illy 11KO p m 3.A) a tn.
Or»enßav expire *lOOO a tx> *7:13 p iu
t=n-en Kay *M#pa *5:70 a n*
•Snndtya oxctpli'ik tSatnrdnya dn. tMoßda>*» do.
PASTEKS FOR EtECTIOX TICKETS!
P. L. HANSCOM CO.
ff. Madison-M., rcr. Alifrdffn, Basement.
p ni
a Pi
J-.-'-n p m
T.-oo a nr
p m