WASHINGTON.
lebate in the House on
1 -3 Chicago Appropri
ation 3UI.
V' of Sj fiatliy and Good
U fro Parts of
tliclHouse.
Finally Passed, Appro
dating §4,000,000.
Senate Caucus on the Re
enchment Question.
ranpromise Adopted in the In
of the Non-Investigators.
DospatchtoThe Chicago Tribune.
NOTIIBR SENATE CAUCUS.
on, Dec. 15.—The Republican mem
enate met in caucus this morning to
ther the subjects embodied In Trum
ion of yesterday should be referred
ng committee for investigation and
Anthony was in the chair, and the
1 for over three hours. The debate
l Logan made an eloquent defence
from attempts to represent him as
ick the administration, and forced
:o disclaim it. He also made a
usault upon those charged with
attempt to prevent searching
Trumbull did not remain, but
notice that ho would not bo a party
ig up of what the people wanted un
ikling, Chandler, and a few othere
x/i thci* )f acting and thinking, became ab
solutely fierce at the suggestion that the country
would construe the action of the Senate to mean
that it had appointed a committee to cover up
the abuses rather than expose them. At lest two
of the following gentlemen, by all former parlia
mentary usage, were entitled to a place
on the committee: Trumbull, Logan. Pat
terson. Wilson, Schurz, Sumner, Ferry,
(Conn.) Robertson,- Hill, Tipton, Fenton, and Al
corn. Instead the whole committee was se
lected from those who voted steadily against
cve.iv radical measure looking to earnest inves
tigation. Buckingham is a gentleman of spot
less integrity, but seldom takes part In the busi
ness of the Senate except to rote. Pratt, Pool and
Bayard have their hands full with the work of
the Ku-Klux Committee. Howe has no influence
in the Senate. Neither Harlan nor Stewart dare
to investigate anybody chiefly on account
of Stewart’s transactions with the Pacific
Railroad Company. A New England Adminis
tration Senator moved at the first Republican
caucus of the present session to abolish that com
mittee, assigning as the reason that it had become
a nest for corruptionists and jobbers. It was
finally decided to strike out of Trumbull’s reso
lution the proposition looking to civil-service re
form also, the proposition to Inquire whether
patronage had been used to secure political ends,
and 10 refuse the committee power to send
for persons and papers. The Senators
who carried this and who have al
ready stood in opposition to each live
proposition offered, then forced their own selec
tion of the committee, namely Buckingham,
Howe, Pratt, Harlan, Steward, Poole, Bayard.
This course was taken in violation of all parlia
mentary usage, by wliich the friends of the
measure are always recognized on a committee.
Anthony will present the caucus resolution on
Monday next, when warm debate is expected
D —it. The more moderate of the firm eup
•porters of the administration do not hesitate to
characterize the course to which they
here been commuted through the caucus as
g serious blunder, and as great injustice to
the President and the majority oi 1 ,5s Fbdl friends
in the Senate. The caucus appointed thd com
mittee, and thus relieved Vice President Colfax
of all responsibility.
TAX ON DIVIDENDS.
rman Elmore, Esq., aud Charles E. Pike, ex-
T. .cilors of Internal Revenue, made an argu
ment, to-day, before the Senate Finance Commit
tee, in reference to the liability of banks, rail
roads, aud insurance companies for internal rev
enue tax imposed on dividends declared on in
terest paid during the last five months of 1870.
ITliis question has heretofore created a contrarie
ty of opinion between the Revenue Bureau and
Department. The opinion of the com
mittee is that these corporations ought not to be
held liable.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. Trumbull has decided to move that the
Senate Committee on Finance be discharged
from the further consideration of bills of tho
House, repealing the duly on coal and salt, with
the purpose of having the Senate act immediate
ly upon them.
THE CHICAGO AITEOrniATION lIIX.L IN THE HOESE.
-Ir. Garfield, from the Committee on Appropria
tions, reported Mr. FarwclTs bill, providing for
t construction of public buildings at Chicago,
tol-e House to-day, and urged its immediate
passage. Ho was followed by Mr. Platt, from
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
who also requested prompt action from
the members in disposing of it.
Sir. Holman, of Indiana, who is
constitutionally opposed to any appropriation
which originates from the Republican side of the
House, and who always has on hand innumerable
amendments reducing such appropriations one
half, sat uneasy in his seat until he was recog
nized by tho Speaker, when ho sent one of those
cut-and-dried propositions to reduce the four
millions asked for in the bill to two millions.
Sam Randall displayed considerable feeling in re
iuud to the bill, and after some little ilisplay of
this character wanted to strike out that portion
of the bill which makes the location of the future
tile of the Post Office uncertain and contin
gent. From these two members came the
only opposition and unkind remarks
offered. Other Democrats, as ex Governor Swann,
Marshall, and Voorhees went out of their way to
bestow elogiums upon Chicago, and to advocate
the passage of the bill not on grounds of charity,
but justice and public necessity. Mr. Farnsworth,
whose faiuibarity with postal matters as Chair
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, gave his services peculiar value in this
emergency, made the most forcible speech of the
day iu behalf of the bill. Messrs. Banks, Dawes,
and Cox also made strong appeals
iu its behalf. In fact the temper
of the House was so favorable and generously
disposed that tho remarks, with hut few excep
tions, were repetitions of good-will and wishes
for Chicago. Holman’s and Randall’s amendments
wore supported by hardly anybody but them
selves. and the bill was finally passed—by 112 to
save in reducing the ap
000,000to$4,000,000,andaualter
ilogy, providing that the State
dinquish jurisdiction over the
states. The following is the
-v of the Treasury be, and he
Td and directed to purchase
condemnation, in pursuance
'liuuis, ►the remainder of the
ot.n*»u- iieluaglug to the Lm
i the Custom House and Post
ely destroyed by lire in Cbica
the same can be obtained
mrehase or condemnation at
nt is a fair and reasonable
ien it shall be his duty to pur
ways aforesaid some other
a Chicago not more than two
ui the square on which said
by tiro was located, and to
on the square purchased a
suitable for the accommoda
i House, Sub-Treasury, Post
,is Courts. Pension and Inter
-sand for this purpose there is
eh §.->OOO 000, to be expended
i ol the Secretary of theTccas
>e Uja proper plans andesti
o that, n» expenditure shall be
zed :<jr the full completion
ugs, including the cost
exceeding $4,C00.030, and
is exploded upon the con
ulUinsr. a plan of the same
by the Soi-etary of the Treas
eneral.anc Attorney General.
J I V.’ n r-r hereby appropriated
pphedfor i*« purpose until a
r and for the <ito of such buil-l
,V*ited States, and
s^ssss
01 be or reuittu. the owner
Associated Press.]
■•LI CAN senatorial,- vrrrr-a
Pz i®- The Republtan Sena
or^ n then-,
ion Mr. Trumbull's .VMhttlon
Senate. The result r a TtUrn
tort it. with an amtodme it
instructing the Comm uee on
tetrcnclunent to eonsic c f the
rending the laws under which
i publlcservice are nownmile
withdrawing public so-vlce
an instrument of politic*.! or
•onage. The resolution
ed, Instructs the cuu
•o into the cxpeudituies
of the service of tae
report anyand whatoftlce*
*.d; whether any, or what sal
nght to be reduced; .what are
uring accountability iu pub-
YOLUME 25.
He events or officers io care ot tlie aisbrjsemcnts
of public moneys; whether the moneys have been
paid out illegally; whether any officers oraeenta.
or other persons, have been, or are, employed
in the public service without authority
of law, or unnecessarily; and generally
how, and to what extent, the expenses
of the service of the country may and ought to be
cui tailed. The caucus then agreed on the follow
ing named Senators to comprise the committee:
Buckingham, Howe. Pratt, Harlan, Stewart, Pool,
and Bayard. The last named is the only Dem
ocrat on the committee. The caucus carefully
excluded from the committee those who had
taken part in the debrto on retrenchment, and
hence Trumbull and fichnrz have not place on it.
EXONORATEI).
The Comptroller of the Currency says he Is
satisfied that none of the National banks in New
York were implicated, or suspected of being im
plicated, in any effort to produce any artificial
stringency in the money market.-
INTERNAL REVENUE NOMINATION.
Commissioner Douglass has nominated to the
President for appointment James M. Ray, of In
diana, for Third DeputyfCommissioner of Internal
Revenue.
CONGRESSIONAL.
Washington. Dec. 13.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
CHICAGO AVI'EOI’BIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on Ap
propriations, reported a bill authorizing the Sec
retary of the Treasury to purchase at private
sale, or by condemnation, the remainder of the
square of ground on which the Post Ollico build
ing in Chicago recently stood, not now owned hr
the Government. If the same cannot bo procured
nt a reasonable price, then purchase some other
square, not more than two squares distant from
that locality, and proceed to have erected thereon
a llre-proof building, for the accommodation of
the Custom House, Sub-Treasury, Post Oilice,
United States Courts, and the Pension and In
ternal Revenue ollices. The bill appropriates
two millions of dollars, and provides that the to
tal cost of tho site of the building shall not ex
ceed four millions of dollars. He explained the
features of the bill, and advocated its prompt
passage.
Mr. RANDALL moved to strike out that por
tion of the bill limiting the selection of a site
wiihin two squares of the locality of tho old Post
Oilice, He thought such a limitation was to
place the Government in the power of real estate
combinations.
Mr. PLATT spoke auainst the amendment, and
explained that even with the proposed limitation
the government would still have twenty-four
squares to select from, so that there was nothing
to be feared from any such combination.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reduce the total cost
to two millions of dollars.
Mr. PLAiT opposed that amendment, aud re
ferred to the fact that the Post Oilicc buildings in
New York and Boston were to cost three millions
each, and were to accommodate only the Post
Office and the United States Courts.
Mr. RANDALL advocated Mr. Holman’s
amendment, contending that two millions was a
liberal allowance for the site of the buildings. Ho
thought the allusion to the New York and Bos
ton Custom Homes rather unfortunate, because,
by corruption and the profligate expenditure of
tbo public money, and by the enlargement of the
original plans, the buildings in New York are
likely to cost ten millions instead of three.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Pennsylvania, dissented en
tirely from the views of his colleague. He thought
his constituents would rejoice in a liberal appro
priation for Chicago, and that the government
should put up a building that would be a monu
ment, in all time to come, of the lire which had
desolated that city. The government could guard
against fraud in the expenditure of the money
there, as it could anywhere else, except, perhaps.
New York, where the Tammany leaders had so
corrupted the whole atmosphere that honesty
was almost impossible. Ho was willing to vote
for $4,000,000 for Chicago, and only regretted that
the amount had been reduced from the $".000,000
in the amendment recommended by the Commit
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. RANDALL reminded his colleagues that
the question was not one of charity at all.
Mr. KELLEY replied that he was not asking for
charity. He was only asking that the govern
ment should deal with generous justice to a
stricken people. There was no charity iu the pro
position of Mr. Randall, norm the tone of the gen
tleman’s argument.
Mr. MARSHALL said that, as a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, he had given his
assent to the bill, lie protested that neither
Chic ago nor Illinois asked for any appropriations
on account of charity. Chicago city, one of the
finest on the continent, and the most rapidly
growing on the face of the earth, had been deso
lated and laid in ashes. The government had im
portant interests there. It had no Custom House.
There was no Court House, no Post Office, no
public building. It was the duty of the govern
ment to furnish proper accommodations for the
business.
Mr. HOLMAN modified his amendment so as to
make the total amount $3,000,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH opposed the amendment,
and advocated a larger appropriation. The pro
posed building was to accommodate the Post
Office, Custom House, Courts, Sub-
Ircasurr, and Internal Revenue business,
whereas the New York building
was only for the Post Office and courts. The
government had a Custom House building in New
York which had cost $1,200,000, and there bad al
ready been expended on the Post office, which
had not got beyond the first floor, nearly 52.000.000
The building would probably in the end cost over
$5,000,000, whereas the building proposed to be
erected in Chicago for all the government otfices
was only to cost $4,000,000. lie did not stand there
asking charity for Chicago. Chicago was still
great in its desolation as It had been great in its
life. It was arising from its ashes, and would
show that it would in a few years require a build
ing of the extent proposed for the transaction of
public business. a
Mr. DAWES said he desired to disabuse the hill
of anv prejudice growing out of the public build
ings *in New York. Ho believed that the bill
should stand upon its own merits. As to the New
York Post OHlc© costing §10,000,000-
Mr. RANDALL said he meant $10,000,000 for the
New York and Boston Post Olfices.
Mr. DAWES regretted that the gentleman did
not always say what he meant. If it were neces
sary to drag tho Boston Custom House into the
discussion, he was entirely willing. That Cus
tom House had never been enlarged a hair’s
breadth, nor had a dollar been expended
on it beyond the limitation put
on the original bill. The gentleman’s
zeal in regard to corruption had led to
confusion in his mind, and to mistake what he
was talking about. It was the New York Court
House tha: he was thinking about that had cost
•*10,000.000, and ho regretted that the new role tho
gentleman (Mr. Randall) was attempting had led
him into confusion.
Mr. RANDALL. The United States Courts are
to be accommodated Iu the Post Office building.
Mr. DAWES. Do your own talking in your own
time. 1 Laughter.!
Mr. RANDALL. I will correct the gentleman’s
statements wherever I can, in or out of my time.
Mr. DAWES. The Boston Court House lias no
more connection with this subject than the New
Orleans Custom House, which is a grand demon
stration of the zeal and economy which the gen
tleman’s political associates are accustomed to
Illustrate iu their lives and voles. Thccoat of the
New York Post Office was limited to $3,000,000,
and the enlargement to which the gentleman re
fers is under ground. When they came to lay
the foundation it was found that they had to sink
it thirty feet before they could got
a solid foundation, and Congress
appropriated SBOO,OOO more to finish up that
underground work, which gives one-third addi
tional room. That is tho enlargement, and
$3,800,000 is the limitation of the entire cost. It
would never exceed that unless those who now
control the Treasury of the United States shall
pass out of power, and that power shall pass into
the hands of those who rather preach than
practice.
Sir. SWANN expressed Ins regret that an at
tempt had been made to make this a party ques
tion. He approached it without reference
to party. Ho approached it for the pur
pose of doing justice to a stricken community,
which hud been visited, by a calamity unprece
dented in tho liistory of the country. Tho gen
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Randall), had
said that this was not a question of charity. Ho
(Swann) did not approach it as a question of
charity, but he did approach it as a question of
sympathy. His own judgment was that every
dollar of the $4,000,000 would be required to erect
a building adequate to tho business necessities
of Chicago, aud such as would com
port with tho character and trade of that
"teat city. He did not advocate any
niggardly policy in reference to Chicago, or any
other city. He might Justly complain ot his own
city, Baltimore, where not more titan $300,000 had
been expended for government buildings. Tina
appropriation would have the cffectof stimu
lating the people of Chicago in their efforts to re
build their city. He asked whether any gentle
man could divest himself of his natural sympathy
in looking on the desolation brought upon Chica
go. He hoped that members would divest them
selves of all party feeling on this question, and
aid in bringing back that once great city to her
ancient prosperity.
Hr. RANDALL complained that an attempt
hud been made to change the issue, which was
simply one as to the amount to bo expended. He
had been taunted with a new-born zeal, but no
later than yesterday there had been seen in the
Senate an attempt to screen the administration.
The SPEAKER called Mr. Randall to order, re
minding him that it was not in order to refer to
what took place in the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL remarked that there was no
disposition shown by the Republican party in the
House to ferret out fraud and corruption in the
administration. Where, ho asked, was
there a man on the Republican
side who had the courage, the integrity, or hon
esty of Charles O’Conor or Samuel J. Tilden, who
had routed out the wrong-doers in the city of
yew York, even at the hazard of the defeat of
their own party.
Mr. HOLMAN was opposed to establishing a
precedent in making so large an appropriation.
Strong arguments were inadc in support of the
§4 COO 000 appropriation by Messrs, Voorheos,
Banks, Garlield, and Cox, Mr. Garfield saying
that the position of Messrs. Randall aud Holman
reminded him of a statute passed by the Legisla
ture of Massachusetts, authorizing the establish
ment of a “Hie waio” (so spelled) twelve
miles westward of the town of Salem, and closing
with the sentence, “which is probably as far m
the west as a road will ever bo needed.
The amendments were voted down, and the
bill passed as it came from the Committee on
u rI orItIATIO K nitts.
■Tlie House then went into Committee ol the
Whole. Mr. WHEELER in the chair, und missed
hills reported from the Committee on foreign
Affairs, milking an appropriation to pay expenses
to carrv out the Treaty of M ashiogton.
Tho House also passed a bill appropriating
co-j oqo t 0 meet the deficiency by the defalcations
ofi\ OMcCartoey. Lite Disbursing Clerk of the
Post Olliee Department.
adjourned.
The ouse adjourns d until Monday.
ILLINOIS.
Cloning Day’s .Session of tlie Illinois State
Horticultural Society—Libel Suit Bail
road Consolidation.
Special Correspondence Chicago Tribune.
Jacksonville, HI.. Dec. 13.—The State Horti
cultural Society met again this morning at 9
o’clock. The regular programme of business hav
ing been fully disposed of before adjournment,
last evening, nothing remained for the meeting
to do, but transact some miscellaneous work and
ad joum.
The committees on Fruit Packages and on New
Fruits were abolished. A vote of thanks to the
retired President of the Society, Mr. Arthur Bry
ant, of Princeton, for the able, dignified and im
partial manner with which he had discharged
the duties of presiding ollicer of the society, was
passed hy*a unanimous vote; also, by a unani
mous vote, the Society passed a resolution of
thanks to the people ox Jacksonville for the
ample and admirable arrangements made for Its
meeting, for the cordial reception extended to its
members, and for the generous hospitality with
which they had been entertained-
A vote of thanks was also returned to those
railroads of the State which have given reduced
fares to the members coming to and. returning
fromlthejmeetlng of the Society.
At the hour of 10 o’clock a. m. the mooting
closed its labors, and adjourned. The balance of
the forenoon and all this afternoon the members
of 1110 800105* in a body have given to a visit to
the Illinois Insane Asylum and the State institu
tions for the education of the deaf and dumb, the
Mind, and the feeble-minded. To-night most of
the members left for their homes.
In the Morgan County Circuit Court, this after
noon, the libel suit of Leach against Chapin A
Glover, of the Jacksonville Journal, was dis
posed of by the plaintiff taking a non-suit.
The stockholders of the Illinois Farmers and
the Jacksonville, Northwestern and South
eastern Railwaj* Companies held meetings
here to-day at the ofilce of the Illin
ois Farmers’ Railroad Company, to consider
the question of the consolidation of the two com
panies. and passed a resolution approving of
such consolidation, but in order to give time to
prepare certain papers which are necessarily pro
inimary to the perfecting of such consolidation,
adjourned to meet again at Jacksonville on the
third day of January, 1872. A large
majority of the stockholders of the two
companies being present at the meeting to-day,
and no opposition whatever being manifested to
the proposition, the two companies will most cer
tainly bo consolidated at the 3d ot January meet
ing. The consolidated company Is to be called
the Jacksonville, St. Louis A Ohio River Railway
Company.
FOREIGN.
The Prince of Wales’ Condition
Gradually Improving.
Great Britain*
London, Dec. 15—sa. m.—Later despatches from
Sandringham say that the Prince of Wales is de
cidedly better, and takes Ills food well. His
strength is greater, and there arc strong hopes of
his continued progress toward recovery.
Tho Queen and the Princess Louisa yesterday
visited the groom of the Prince, who is improv-
The Italian Embassy in London telegraphs to
King Victor Emanuel upon the issue of every
bulletin.
Crowds gather in front of the Mansion House
and Marlborough House, and cheer loudly when
bulletins of a favorable character are posted.
Tho later reports from the Prince have greatly
relieved the public mind.
The Times this morning contradicts the report
that tho United States Government intend re
calling Mr. Schenck, its Minister to England.
Nearly all tho telegraph operators who re
cently struck have resumed work.
London, Dec. 15.— The following bulletins were
issued this morning:
u Sandringham, s a. m.—The Prince has had a
quiet night. There are symptoms of debility,
but his condition may bo considered more favor
able.”
“Noon— Tho Prince continues in a tranquil
state, and slowly hut steadily improves.”
London, Dec. 13—3 p. m.—Tho danger in tho
case of the Prince of Wales is so far lessened that
a message has been telegraphed to tho Princess
Victoria, at Berlin,countermanding tho summons
sent to her to come to Sandringham.
Quite a sensation has been produced by the re
fusal ot certain extreme Ritualists to say prayers
for the Prince's recovery, in the absence of or
ders from their Bishop.
London, Dec. 15—6 p. m.—The latest from San
dringham. 5:30 p. m., is that the Prince has boon
tranquil all the afternoon. The course of tho
fever continues favorable. The Queen will re
turn to Windsor to-morrow. This bulletin was
received with great cheering wherever posted
tip. A feeling of profound relief prevails In all
quarters.
London, Dee. 10— l:30a.in.—The ollicial report
from Sandringham at l o’clock says the Prince of
Wales hud some qnict sleep to-night.
The government intends suppressing all out
door demonstrations at Londonderry, Ireland,
and troops have been despatched to that place to
suppress all disorders that may arise.
A new combination is organizing hero to rescue
the Brio Rallwov from Its present direction. It
is proposed to inaugurate energetic measures
immediately.
Lady Charlotte Burgoyno, the wife of Field
Marshal Burgoyne, died last night.
The British press comment witli severity on
the reported attempts to bribe juries in Now
York.
NEW YORK,
Special Desratch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
THE RANKS.
New York, Dec. 15.—N0 more bank failures
were announced to-day, and there was an im
proved feeling in financial circles. The Clearing
House settlements were all promptly and regu
larly made this morning, and the general opinion
is that the worst is over. The Clearing House
Committee, after a thorough examination of the
condition of the Bank of the Commonwealth,
have issued a certificate of its soundness. Callen
der, the Government National Eank Examiner,
has been permitted by the Comptroller of the
Currency to resign, but the bank ofiiccrs are not
disposed to lot him down so'eaaily. A copy of his
report, certifying to the soundness of the Ocean
Bank, was obtained for publication to-day. It
was as follows:
Examined these 3d and 4th days of October, and
found correct as herewith checked. A most
gratifying and satisfactory progress evident in all
the branches. Eutire harmony and earnest work
on the part of all concerned. Will mane the in
stitution a grand success, and soon place it among
our soundest institution.
(Signed) CIIAS, CALLENDER,
National Bank Commissioner.
This certificate of soundness, drawn up and
signed by Callender, was made by him while
the* legal-tenders item of the hank
contained two checks of his amounting
to about $40,000, dated the 29th of September and
2d of October, the days immediately preceding
this statement. This Bank Examiner appears to
have demanded money on his worthless checks
or good-for-nothing securities in every instance
where his certificate of soundness could benefit a
bank.
GOLD.
The gold market was dull and steady through
out theday at 1091-4 to 109 3-8; the rates paid to
carrying were 7 per cent gold; Cl-33 per cent
after the board adjourned. The quotations were
100 i-a to 1091-4 at the close.
MONET.
Early in the day the money market was easy
at 7 per cent currency on call, hut later it be
came stringent at 7 per cent currency to 7 per
cent golddo good borrowers, and the speculative
stock operators to 1-4 percent for turn
ing stocks till to-morrow. This condition of af
fairs is partly due to the shifting of stocks from
strong to weak hands. It is estimated that
from £O,OOO to 73,000 shares of long
stock were sold yesterday by a
few leading operators on the hull
side, and the weaker class of speculators on the
Stock Exchange, now staggering under this load.
The discount market is dull, and commercial
paper passes slowlyat Bto 12 per cent. The Bank
of France has inci eased its specie reserve, during
the week 330,000 francs. In London the money
market is reported very easy, at 2 l-2a2 34 per
cent in the open market, and 3 per cent in the
Bank of England. American securities arc
strong, and in demand.
THE GOVERNMENT ROND MARKET
was a little off, but closed steady. The Treasury
to-day paid out $359,000 in redemption of 3-20
bonds, making the total to date $19,580,000.
PACIFIC RAILROAD RONDS.
The Pacific Central Railroad bonds closed at
102 7-8 to 103, and Unions at 90 1-2 to 90 5-8 for
firsts; 781-2 to 78 3-4 for land grants; 81 to 831-2
for incomes, and 20 5-8 to 20 3*4 for stocks.
THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE MARKET
was quiet but firm. Prime bankers’ sixty-days’
sterling Dills are quoted at 109 1-8 to 1091-4.
THE STOCK MARKET
opened at an advance on the prices of yesterday,
with a limited business, but firm. Afterwards
when the money market became stringent, there
was some pressure of sales, and prices declined.
Most of the short contracts have been closed up,
and the bull interest is without a sustaining in
fluence.
RREADSTUFFS.
The flour market was dull. The low grades
were tamo at the close. Low and medium grades
were easier, but to sell considerable concessions
would have to he made. Holders of wheat did
not press sales, and buyers held off. Shippers’
limits were in some instances reduced, and a few
orders were withdrawn. This was unexpected
to the trade. Millers are doing little. Corn
opened tame, but under more favorable private
telegrams, prices improved, with a more active
demand.
A CANARD.
It is stated by persons intimate with the family
that the alleged return of Mrs. A. J. Garvey is a
canard. Her brother states that if the bail is
reduced to §IO,COO Garvey will surrender himself
in thirty-six hours. lie is not in Europe, but in
Canada, and his wife with him.
CHICAGO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1871.
STATE LEGISLATURES.
Record of Yesterday’s Proceed
ings in (he Illinois Gen
eral Assembly,
Several Important Chicago Bills Or
dered to a Third Reading in
the House.
Resolution Offered in the Senate Rela
tive to the Military Occupation
of Chicago.
Spicy Correspondence Between Governor
Palmer and State’s Attorney
Seed.
Eddy’s Illinois River Improvement
Scheme—School Tax.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
Springfield, ill., Dec. 15.—This morning tho
subject of eminent domain came up again in the
House, and a motion to refer the whole matter
back to the Committee on Corporations was lost
by a very decided vote, which does not, however,
indicate any gain by the friends of the Mason
bill. The motion was an unwise and impolitic
one, since it seemed to attempt to reverse the po
sition just taken by tho House, and therefore
many who are opposed to tho bill yet voted
against this motion.
THE REVENUE RILL
was made tho special order for
next Tuesday, and its’ consideration is
to be kept up every morning tyj tho bill is finish
ed, which will be some time in January.
NAVIGATION RILL.
Mr. Eddy made a speech this morning, full of
statistics, to show tho importance and value of
tho proposition to utilize tho waters at the head
of the Fox and Desplalnes Rivers, for the im
provement of the Illinois River, and the resolu
tion was passed without difficulty and sent to the
House,
THE TROOPS NEAR CHICAGO.
Tills morning Senator Harlan offered a resolv
tion calling on the President to withdraw ail the
United States troops, or to modify orders by
which they were used as a police. This provoked
some discussion, in which Messrs. McNulta, Ed
sall, Woodard, Harlan, and Voris took part
Finally the rules were suspended, and tho reso
lution sent to tho Judiciary Committee, which
had the matter under consideration. Some who
would oppose thorcsolution voted out of courtesy
to suspend the rules.
RESOLUTION FOR TUX DISMISSAL OF OFFICERS.
The Senate spent the entire afternoon in dis
cussing the resolution to dismiss some supernu
merary officers, which was linaliy agreed to.
FEES AND SALARIES.
TheCommitteeof the HousoonFecsandSalaiies
continued their labor last night,and succeeded in
fixing the fees of Clerks of Probate Courts, at a
rate said to bo about 23 per cent higher
than those of 1818.
SCHOOL TAX.
Tho House Committee on Education also met,
and decided to report recommending the impo
sition of a four mill tax in order to raise a school
fund. Now, since Cook County pays about two
fifths of tbe taxes, tho result ol such a rate of
taxation would bo. some of the country folks
think, that money enough would bo raised in
Cook County to go a great ways toward defray
ing the expenses of the schools in the country.
Tho House, however, will not be apt to pursue
the course indicated bj* tho committee.
COOK COUNTY MEASURES.
The entire time of the House this afternoon
was given up to four emergency bills relating to
Cook County, or Cldcago, all of which were dual
ly ordered engrossed lor a third reading. One
of them was the bill which attempts to provide
for a now assessment In Cook County, and which
is so loosely worded as to bo open to grave objec
tions. Another was the bill to transfer the chil
dren at tho Chicago Reform School to Pontiac.
Another to meet tho difficulty of taxation in
Chicago arising from the destruction of property
by the lire, and tho other bill to increase tho
powers of tho Mayor. Tho last one was
tho principal subject of discussion,
and nearly all tbe amendments offered
to that were directed to tho llrat section, which
confers on Mayors tho power of removal. An
attempt was made to require tho concurrence of
tho Common Council, but that was defeated by a
decided vote, after much talking on both sides.
The section was, however, amended, so as to pre
vent the Mayor from getting at persons appoint
ed by tho Governor, which means the Park Com
missioners, on persons elected by the city or
county, which signifies tho Board of Police. This
removal question once out of tho way, two im
portant amendments were made to the bill, one
making it apply to all cities in the State,
and the other making tho Mayor presiding
officer of tho Council. Tho first one
was supported by tho representatives from Carlo
and Springlleld, received a decided majority.
Tho last one met with no opposition. It was
stated that, by the adoption of tho first amend
ment, tho bill would gain votes. This is very
likely true, but by adopting it, it has lost some,
and it is impossible to say what tho net gain by
tho transaction is. There are still many who
oppose tbe bill, and it will take a pretty full
House to enable to getjtho one hundred and eight
teen votes required. If if once gets into tho
Senate.it will have comparatively easy sailing,
but it cannot anyway become a law before Jan
uary.
CHICAGO MILITARY OCCUPATION—SPICY CORRES
PONDENCE.
It may bo remembered that Judge Williams, in
his charge to the] Grand Jury last month, direct
ed them to pay no attention to a letter, said to
have been written by the Governor to State’s
Attorney Reed, but which that gentleman had
seen only in tho papers. The correspondence
which follows, relates to that statement
State ok ir.t.tvojs, ExKcrrtvK Dr.c'r. 1
Si’in.NuKiKi.n, Nov. u», 1871. S
Jlvn. Cba s. A. Sited, .State’* Aftontcj/, Seventh Judi
cial Circuit, Chicago, W.:
DEAit.Sm: It is reported In the despatches from
Cblcaco this momma that you told .lungo Williams
that vou never saw tlio loiter addressed to you by His
Excellency, Governor Palmer, until it was published.
Will von bo pleased to inform the Governor it you
are correctly reported. Vory trulv yours.
E. B. Haulan, Private secretary.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17, 1871.
Governor Itohiif-r, Sjtriiudi'dif, HI.;
Dkau Siu; L:ist evening on mv return to my boose
I fooml the letter of Colonel Harlan (your private sec
retary) of the 10th iust. Why I <U<l not receive it be
fore i know not. In it lam asked if I am correctly
reported by Judge Williams in Ids charge to thograud
jury In relation to the letter written by yon to mo eon.
corning the killing of Colonel Gvosvenov. Judge Will
iams asktd me about the letter, and 1 told him that tho
letter was dated Oct. 30, and mailed Nov. J, anil
received by me on tin: 3d Inst., and that I had seen a
statement In the newspapers that such a letter had
been written to mo before I read it. I told him that
tho newspapers contained references to it before
I read it, and that some private parties
told mo they knew I had such
a letter before I showed it to anybody. Tho foregoing
is the substance of what I told the Judge. Before I
bad shown tho letter to anyone, except my wife, Mr.
Blakely, of tho Evmhvt Post, asked mo for tho loiter,
and said to mo that ho know I had been written to, by
yon, on tho subject. Ho (Mr. B.) requested tho letter,
and I allowed him to have it copied. Any further In
femiation you may desire will bo cheerfully furnished,
if in my power. Ever your friend,
Charles w. rued, Stato a Attorney.
State of Illinois, executive 'Department,
Spihnt.fjeld, Nov. 20, 1871.
Charles 3f- Heed, Esq., Slate's Attorney, Etc.:
Sin: Yourlottorof tho 17th Inst, reached mo a day
or two ago, but 1 have been too unwell until now to at
tend to it. Yon will agree with mo that your state
ment contained in your letter is not like that which
Judge Williams stated in Ids charge you made to him,
and upon the basis of this substantial difference be
tween tho two statements. I would liketoa.skyon,iii
the name of what 1 thought to bo a pretty well estab
lished friendship, and, if 1 was mistaken In that, in tho
name of common fairness, bow It Is that you stood by
and heard Williams make his statement of what yon
told him with his manifest purpose to create pre
judice against mo, -without correcting his report of
what you told him about the particulars of tho letter t
Tho sting of Judge Williams’ moat singular, though
covered attack upon mo, is bis insinuation that my
loiter to you was published, without your knowledge,
for tho puxpoao of creating prejudice In tho public
mind, and yet you stood by conscious that the Judge
misappiebended your statement to him. and yet did
not correct him. Now, how do you reconcile that with
justice and fairness f Bospectfullv,
LEGISLATIVE.
SENATE.
Springfield, Dec. 13.
Senate assembled at 10 a. in.
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on tho
Judiciary, reported back tho bill relating to tho
reclamation of swamps and overflowed lands.
Tabled. Also bill relating to wills, with sundry
amendments. Concurred in-
NAVIGATION SCHEME.
The special order (Eddy’s resolutions regarding
Fox River lakes) was taken up.
Mr. EDDY stated that tho resolution proposed
simply an official investigation of tho subject set
forth without expense to tho Stato. It was settled
that the Illinois River must be Improved. Tho
question was as to tho most economical method of
doing so. The proposed cost of locks and dams
was $2,500,000. The cost by tho plan proposed in
tho resolution could be accomplished for ono
tenth part of that sum. The estimated cost of
improvement is figured out as follows:
5,120 acres (S square miles) swamp land at §30,720
1,280 acres upland at §ls in.200
Dam across Fox River 39.000
Dam across Dcsplaincs River 5,000
Other dams and dykes 10,000
Damage to waterpower. 10,000
Add 10 per cent for contingencies.
Total.
The value of 'water-power at McHenry would,
in his opinion, reduce the cost to SIIO,OOO. Tho
minimum depth of water In tho Illinois is three
feet; The depth desired, five feet. The velocity
of tlie current of the Illinois Is one mile per hoar;
widlh.au avernpeofiro feet. To produce additional
depth of two feet will require each hour a body of
water one mile long, 430 feet wide, and two feet
deep; and this would be required for seventy
days. He further proceeded to show that the im
provement was a sanitary measure of great im
portance.
After remarks by Senators DORE and VORIS
in opposition, aud KERR, PIERCE and FULLER
in favor. The resolution was adopted.
PAY AND MILEAGE.
Mr. LANGLEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom wasreferred a resolution di
recting payment of tho constitutional SSO and
mileage to members filling vacancies, reported
the same back, recommending its adoption. Con
curred in.
SUPREME COURT. BILL.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back Senate bill 334, to furnish rooms
etc., for the Supreme Court, with amendments.
The first of the amendments was to take the mat
ter of furnishing out of tho hands of the Seereta-_
ry of State, and leaving U in the hands of tho
Supreme Fudges.
Mr. EDSALLprotested against placing money
matters in the hands of Supreme Judges. They
were elected for higher purposes. _
Mr. MCNULTA joined In the protest.. Ho did
not like to force tho Supremo Judges into the
position of carpenters,house-renters, andjobbers.
Mr. DORE held himself to be as good as Su
preme Judges, and it was no disgrace for him to
contract for housebuilding or furnishing.
Mr. UNDERWOOD saw nothing undignified in
Supreme Judges directing tho furnishing of their
court room. The amendments woreconcurred in.
CHICAGO MILITARY OCCUI'ATION.
Mr. HARLAN offered tho following joint reso
lution
That the President of the United States be soli
cited to withdraw from this State all and any
such troops of the United States army as may ba
at this time on duty in the city
.of Chicago ns military police, or that
tho orders for their government be so modified as
to prohibit their employment as police or lu any
other way interfere with tho duties or functions
of any ollicer created under the laws of tho State.
Dir. HARLAN proceeded, in the course of Uls
remarks, to state that it was a matter ofcertainty
that such troops were now in Chicago upon pub
lic duty, and that it was duo to the dignity of tho
civil power and sovereignty of tho State, anil tho
strengthening arm of the Executive that such
troops should be withdrawn or relieved from any
approach to police duty.
Mr. EDSA J,I, approved the suspension of tho
rules for the rfuson that, when tho Senate acts,
it should be done with due deliberation, and upon
a report from tho Committee of tho Whole. Tho
question at issue Was us to whether the General
Government had a right to introduce troops Into
any State, even to suppress actual insurrection,
without the request of the Legislature, nr, in the
vacation of that body, at tho request of tho Exec
utive. Ho also stated, in answer to a question
from Mr. Voris. that the citizens who asked for
the troops to act as police, went beyond the Con
stitution; and that tho Federal Government "had
no right to cause troops to act as aid to the civil
power without a request of tho Executive.
Mr. McNULTA opposed the suspensiou for tho
reason that he saw no necessity for tho resolu
tion. Mr. Harlan, lie conceded, was an intimate
personal friend of the President, and while
ho would not do him a personal injury,
he would pursue any means to inilict a political
check. There was no evidence that troops were
acting as police in Chicago. There was
no appeal from tho civil authorities
of that city stating that they had been
ousted from tbeir duties and powers. He saw
in the resolution a deep laid scheme to place upon
tno record an endorsement of the allegation that
the President had attempted to usurp civil power,
and that tho Republican party hud cried Amen.
If tho resolution was passed and sent to tho Pres
ident, that otlicer would make sufficient reply to
it by calling the attention of the Legislature to
his letter to the Secretary of War. directing Gen
era! Sheridan to rescind any and ail orders issued
by him In any way contravening the constitution
or laws of Illinois, or interfering In any way with
the civil authority. Rut that no advantage'might
bo taken of tho two-thirds vote required for a
suspension of the rules, ho would hi itself vote to
suspend the rules, that the resolution might bo re
ferred to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WOODARD, as representing the citizens of
Chicago, was of opinion that tho Governor was
standing on mere technical ground; but that the
citizens who requested the presence of troops
made a mistake. He stated that since October
28 no soldiers had been on duty atrpolice.
The mica wore suspended, and tho resolution
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The bill to provide for re-recording deeds in
Cook County, was taken up, and the amendment
fixing tho price at live cents, was adopted, and
the bill ordered to a third reading.
THE GENERAL INCORPORATION RILL FOR RAIL-
ROADS
was taken up. tho amendments of the Commit
tee of the Whole concurred in, and the bill or
dered to a third reading.
The bill No. Cl 3, being Nelson's Eminent Domain
bill, was taken up. the question being on recom
mitting all the bills on this subject to tno Commit
tee on Corporations.
Mr. MERRITT opposed the motion, after the
thorough discussion which the subject had re
ceived.
Mr. SPRINGER said his object in recommitting
was to have a bill reported back which would
harmonize sonic of the conttictinir interests. Ho
was willing to have tho committee instructed to
report back a bill. to-morrow, baaed on the prin
ciples of theDraliiagc’act.
Mr. CUMMINGS opposed the motion, as an ef
fort to kill the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON said tho residents of his
city were opposed to Nelson’s bill, but ho thought
the motion to recommit a very black one, since
it was tho Sense of the House.
The motion to refer was lost—yeas, 44; nays, 92.
The amendments of tho Committee of the Whole
were adopted and the bill was ordered to asocond
reading.
Mr, CAREY, from the JudiclaryCommittce, re
ported bark a substitute for tho bill requiring
officers to turn over hooks to their successors,
and it was read the first time.
Tho same committee reported back several bills
with unfavorable reports, which wore concurred
in.
The same committee reported back, with an un
favorable recommendation, a bill (or the election
of Masters in Chancery by the people. This re
port was opposed on the ground that the people
were as competent to elect Masters in Chancery
ns they were Judges, and defended on the ground
that they were not.
The report was not cooccurred in.
ASSEMRLY EXPENSES.
The House bill to make appropriations to cover
certain small expenses of tho General Assembly
was taken up, the question being on concurring
iu certain amendments striking out certain items.
The amendments were not concurred in—yeas,
71; nays, 55.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked leave to have the order
committing the bill to rebate taxes in the burnt
district In Chicago to the Committee of the
Whole discharged, and the bill ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. CUMMINGS objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL explained the necessity for
the passage of the bill, since they could not with
out it collect any tax iu the burnt district.
Thcmotion to suspend the rules was lost—yeas,
52; nays, 30.
A resolution was offered instructing the proper
Screens to put shelves under the desks of mem
ers at un expense of 40 cents per member.
The resolution was not adopted—yeas, C 2
nays, CB,
Mr. WEBB offered a Joint resolution instruct*
ing tbe United States Senator* to get through a
law to establish a term of the United States Cir
cuit Court at Cairo.
The resolution was adopted.
.MUNICIPAL AND COUNTY INDEBTEDNESS.
Tho bill to provide for tho funding of tho mu
nicipal and county indebtedness was taken up
and sundry amendments adopted and it was sent
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHORT oflered a resolution that the Reve
nue bill be taken up Tuesday, and made the spe
cial order for every morning until It was dispos
ed of. The resolution was adopted.
COOIv COUNTY ASSESSMENT BILL.
Mr. WILLIAMSON asked leave to get tho bill
for reassessing property in Cook County taken
out of the Committee of the Whole. There was,
he said, no means of raising money in a single
school district in the county.
Mr. CUMMINGS was opposed to passing any bill
out of its regular order. Ho did not object to
those bills in order to delay them, and ho would
move to go into Committee of tho Whole on all
tho bills on tbe subject.
Mr. PHELPS wanted the Mayor’s bill in
cluded.
Mr. CUMMINGS consented, and tho motion
was agreed to, and tho House went Into Commit
tee of the Whole. r
Tho bill for the reassessing of property m Cook
County was first read.
Mr. MERRITT opposed It. since they could not
moke a reassessment on tho property as it was.
They must collect tuxes on the value of the prop
erty In April, IHTl.and not December, 1871.
Sir. HUMPHREY opposed the amendment,
since some men would bo unable to pay their
ta jlr!' WILLIAMSON also opposed it. They
could not llx tho value of property in April.
The amendment was not adopted and the bill
ordered reported back, with a recommendation
that it pass. _
CHICAGO ASSESSMENT BILL.
The bill to prevent unjust collection of taxes on
property destroyed by lire, and authorizing tho
Common Council of Chicago to amend appropria
tion bills, to pass new ones, and reduce taxes and
special assessments, was ordered reported back
with a favorable recommendation.
THE MATCH’S BILL
offered an amendment except
ing from the power of removal all olheers ap
pointed by the Governor. Adopted.
r Mr CAMPBELL offered a further amendment
that the Mayor report to the Conned the reasons
for removing any ofiicer. Adopted.
M- MERRIXT oflered an amendment rcquirin 0
ttecoSmlil.t anuooritr of aU the members
of the Council in removal.
Mr Sullivan opposed the amendment as nn
tralSing tho effect of tho bill and wiw followed
by Messrs. PHELPS and MORRISON.
lUr RICHARDSON said if the bill
was good for Chicago it was good
for all cities. Be was opposed to giving any one
man the power granted by tbe bul to the Mayor
of Chicago, and uo was against the bdlas it stood.
TTtc ncople had elected acaUawag Aldqrmen.and
if they expressed tho sentiments of the people
they should not trv to legislate against them.
WeYavors Mr. Merritt’s amendment, and wanted
the bill to include cities of 20,000 people.
Mr VOCKE explained tho condition of affairs
in Chicago, and showed tho impolicy of the
amendment.
Tbe committee rose.
John M. Palmer.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
JUDICIAL.
Mr LEE offered a resolution Instructing the
■Renrcsentatives In Congress to urge tho passage
of a bill for another United States District Court
tn Illinois, which was adopted.
1 THE MAYORS.
The Ilonfio went into Committee of the Whole
Sri* fxE of Peoria, followed in defence of the
mil claiming that it did not give tho Mayor tho
sweeping powers which it had been said it dul,
§112,920
11,292
$121.21'
RILLS ON A THIRD BEADING*
EMINENT DOMAIN,
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
COOK COUNTY TAXES.
SHELF PROPOSITION.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
THE REVENUE BILL.
It was demanded by Sook County member? and
by tho people of Chica-O, as shown by the recent
election. It was absolutely necessary to stop the
corruption prevailing in' that city. The amend
ment was lost—yeas, 32; nays. 04.
Mr. MERRITT offered another amendment pro
vided that the Governor may remove the Mayor
at any time when he thinks necessity detshnds,
and appoint a person to act.
Mr. PHILLIPS offered an amendment to the
amendment prohibiting any Mayor from turning
over power to any military officer, and on doing
so shall be removed and a new election be had
for a successor.
Mr. Phillip’s amendment was ruled out of or
der.
Mr. Merritt’s amendment was lost.
Mr. Phillip’s amendment was next offered, and
its author made a speech in favor of R, wanting
them to speak out to endorse the Governor who
had come out in such a manly way in defence of
State rights, Ac. Ho proceeded to'defend tho
Governor and accuse Representatives of trying
to cover up the matter. The amendment was
lost.
Mr. CUMMINGS was opposed to the bill if it
gave power to remove elective officers, but
would vote for it if it did not. He moveit an
amendment making the kill not applicable to any
person elected by qualified voters of. the city" or
county.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. KING, of Jersey, offered an amendment re
quiring concurrence of a majority of the Council
in removal. Lost.
Mr. SPRAGUE offered an amendment to make
the bill apply to-all cities in tho State. Adopted
—yeas, 63; nays, 23.
air. BROWN, of Massac, offered an amend
ment giving tho Mayor power to remove only of
ficers whom he should appoint. The amend
ment was lost, Mr. Humphrey being tho only
Cook county member voting for it.
The section was adopted.
Mr. MERRITT offered an additional section
that the act should not bein force after 1874.
Mr. CASEY, of .Jcffersoq. expressed himself in
favor of the general principles of the bill, and'
felt the necessity for It in Chicago.
Mr. MERRITT replied.
The section was lost.
Mr. SPRINGER offered a section to make tho
Mayor tho presiding officer of the Common Coun
cil, with power to appoint the standing commit
tees.
Tke section was adopted—ayes, 53; noes. 12.
The bill was ordered reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass.
REFORM SCHOOL RILL.
The next bill taken up was to authorize tho
transfer of boys in the P.eform School at Chicago
to tho one at-Pontlac.
The bill was ordered renbrted back with the
recommendation that it pass.
The committee rbse.
COOK COUNTV ASSESSMEITMHLL9.
The bill to reassess property in Cook County
was taken up and ordered to a third’reading.
The bill authorizing the passage of now appro
priation bills, and. to prevent collection of taxes
on property destroyed by the lire, was ordered to
a third.reading.
THE MAYOR’S RILL
was taken up. and tho amendments of the Com
mittee of the Whole adopted.
Mr. G ALLOW AY- opposed making'the Mayor
Chairman of the Council, since it put too much on
the Mayor.
Dir. CAMPBELL favored the amendment, which
was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS offered an amendnient'giviiigtho
Mayor power to remove all people appointed by
former Mayors, or continued by the Common
Council. The amendment was adopted-fl
Mr. MERRITT offered an amendment that the
act should not remain in force after 1874. Lost
yeas, 28: nays. 8t».
Mr. NELSON offered anamendment to limit the
bill to cities of lOO.DOO people. Ho was in favor of
its provisions, but did not sec any reason why
they should be applied to other cities than-Chi
cago.
Dir. WEBB, of Alexander, opposed the amend
ment. From his own actual experience, he bo
lieved it necessary for all cities in the State. He
cited a case in Cairo, where the Mayor had been
unable to remove a worthless officer, because the-
Council would not agree.
Mr. HAINES dirt notsce tho necessity for- the
amendment.
Mr. KING, of Jersey, opposed the amendment,
for if the principle was good for one it was good*
for all.
Mr. RICE, of Peorla.'favorert the amendment;
lor ho did not want such power given to the-
Mavor of Peoria.
The amendment was lost, and the bill ordered
engrossed for a third reading.
REFORM SCHOOL RILL.
The bill to transfer boys from Chicago to tho
Pontiac Reform School was ordered to a third
reading. Adjourned.
AT.A’RATNTA-
Montcomerv. Ala., Dec. 15.— Both branches of
the Alabama Legislature have resolved to extend
the session beyond thirty days.
A bill Ims passed both houses authorizing tho
Governor to issue $1,000,000 of Alabama 8 per cent
bonds to be used us necessity may require.
REAL ESTATE,
Instruments Filed for Record on Friday,
December 13*
CITY* PROPERTY.
Lot G, of Lot 3, in Block 38, of w 1-2 Sec 21,39,
14, dated Nov. 29; consideration, $750.
Prairie av, 150 ft n of Thirty-second st, w f, 25x
125 ft, dated Dec. 8; consideration, $3,000.
Wabash nv, 40 ft n of Hubbard court, w f, 80x
112 ft, dated Nov. 27; consideration, SBO,OOO.
Archer av, opposite Wallace st, so f, 423 ft run
ning to river, dated Dec. 1; consideration, $73,000.
Robey st, between Adams and Jackson sts, w f,
25x125 ft, dated Dec consideration, $3,500.
Hurlbut st, near Connor st, w f, 33x154 1-4 ft,
dated Dec. 12; consideration, SI,OOO.
West Madison st. between Aberdeen and Mor
gan sis, n f,25x125 ft, dated Nov. 8; consideration,
SB,OOO,
West Madison st, between Aberdeen and Mor
gan sts, nf, 28x125 ft, dated Nov. 8; consideration,
$8,500.
Lot on Canal A,” between Paulina st and Ash
land av, e f, 90 It, running to Railroad st, dated
Doe. 32; consideration, SIO,OOO.
Lot 27 in Irnil’s 91-2 acres in E 1-2 aw 1-4, Sec
4, :w. 14. dated Nov. 13; consideration, $l,lOO.
Charles place, 200 ft e of Franklin st, n f, 23x125
ft. dated Dec. is; consideration, $3,500.
Lot 11 of Loti, Seavorn’sw 1-2 Block 8. In See
33; also, Lot 3C of Seavern’s o part Lot 5, in Block
23, Sec 20, all in 30, 14; dated Dec. 1; considera
tion, $1,300.
Michigan av, n of Eighteenth st, wf, 51x177 ft,
dated \pril 15; consideration, $20,000.
Lot 20 in Pope's Block Bof Cook <k Anderson’s
w 1-2 no 1-4 Sec 24,30,13, dated Dec. 5; considera
tion, S4OO.
Lots 43 to 48, in Block 1 of slO 0 f nl3 acres, o 1-2
e 1-2 s w 1-4 Sec 14,30,13, dated Dec. 6; considora
tion, SI,BOO.
SOUTH OF CITY LIMITS.
Lot 32 in Block 29. Kimlmrk’s Addition to Hyde
Park, dated Dec. 12; consideration, S3W.
Lots 29 and 30 in Block 2of Front Column's 8
e 1-4 Sec l, 38, 14, dated Sept. 9; consideration,
$1,200.
Lot 14, iu Hugh Maher’s Subdivision of s e 1-4,
See 15, 88, 14.' dated April 10; consideration,
$15,000.
Lot 1 in Block 23, Egandale," dated September
2C; consideration, $11,500.
Lot 2 in Block 25, “Egandalo,” dated September
25; consideration. 4U.OCKL
Lot 3 in Block 25, “Egandale,” dated September
2C; consideration, SIO,OOO.
Lot-l in Blocks.", Egandale,” dated September
2G; consideration, $U.500.
tVF.ST OF CITY LIMITS.
Egan av, n w corner of Kinkead st, s f,*solx
CCslt, dated September C; consideration, $35,000.
War Department Weather Prognostics.
Washington, Dec. 15.—Cloudiness will proba
bly clear away for a short time on tho Soutli and
Middle Atlantic coast, followed on Saturdayagain
by falling barometer, southwest winds, and
cloudy weather. Tho storm centre in
Minnesota will move east and south
eastward, with brisk southwest winds
on tho lakes, and its inlluence will extend to the
Middle and Eastern States by Saturday night-
Southerly winds, with rising temperature and
cloudy weather will probably extend over the
Gulf States. _
Cautioning signals continue at Chicago, Grand
Haven. Milwaukee, and ato ordered for Detroit,
Toledo, Cleveland and Buffalo.
murderer Executed- at Gaimlcn- X* J«
Philadelphia, Dec. 15.—The execution of John
Ware for the murder of his father, took pi tee at
Camden, N. J., to-day abont noon. Ware main
tained a stolid demeanor and exhibited no agita
tion. Ho wrote a long confession, which ho gave
to his counsel, and in which he says he killed his
father because he ill-treated his (Johns’S) mother.
He accuses several witnesses who testified on tho
trial, of perjury. Ho signed a paper forth© de
livery of his body to tho surgeons, hut this being
opposed by the widow, tho body was surrendered
to her after the execution.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Y AALHE.
Tho Animal Ranonetof tho ChicagoYalo Assochb
tion will bo hold Friday evening, December 22, at 71
o'clock, at tho Metropolis Hotel, No. -Ktl Michigan-av.,
southwest comer Vale men whom
this reaches are earnestly invited to ho present. Tick*
cts, including all expenses, Those oxiiceting to at
tend are renuested to send this amount, with their ad
dress, to A. IIARTOW. Trcaa.,
Room -1, No. 4 it) Wabaab-av.
A. P. A,
The members of Garden City Lodge No. 7, American
Protestant Association, are requested to meet at their
new hall, northwest corner of Eighteenth and Clark
sts.. this (Saturday) evening at a o'clock* Per order
of Trustees. H. C. THOMPSON, Chairman.
Jtlasomc.
Tho annual communication of Wanbansia Lodge,
No ICO. F. <fc A. M., for the election of officers and
such other business as may be presented, will bo held
at Pleiades Hall, comer Twelfth and Clmtonats., Chi
caso, Dec. )8, 1871. Every ncmLor l» earapsrlyro
quested to be itreaent. T C P o U l f^ l r
PROFESSIONAL*
IffZtS. 2)21. GROSS,
75(5 MICHIGAN- AV
WEST SIDE OFFICE 315 MONBOE-ST.,
Op Tuesdays and Saturdays. £3O to 4:30 p. m.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
142 Twenty-second-st.,
IMPORTERS OF
Win, liars ai Cigars.
W'o have a largo stock of Hermitage and Old Crow,
the tinesl copper-distilled Whiskey lu the fforjd.
NUMBER 130.
HOX.EDAT OUTS.
BOOKS
FOK THE
A.X
COBB,
ANDREWS
CO.’S,
469' WAMBIMV.
Illustrated Books.
Hoearth—Folio, ha-Turkey ><3.00
Shikspoare—s vols, full tree calf -12.50
"Wood's Natural History—s vols, half calf -17.30
Port and Painter—Turkey antique 20.00
lily’s of the Kins—rote's illustrations... 35.00
Dante’s Inferno 23-00
DuntVs Purgatorlo acif Paradise 25.00
Don Quixote—Doro’s illustrations 13 00
The Arts of the Middl .''Ages—Half calf 15.00
Household Book of Pojfry—Turkey 10 oo
Story of tho Fountain—Bryant 5.00
•SongofthoSower—Bryant 5.00
Turner's Liber Fluvior^Tm—Turkey.........,,.,. 20.00
Homos Without Hands—Half calf 6.75
Hood’s iSoems—Turkey
Whittier's Child
Bryant's Poems —Turkev...; 12.00
Froissart's Chronicles—irOls. half Turkey 50.00
Dickens’ Christmas Carol-Turkey O.OO
Child's DrJam of a Star—Turkey 7.00
Kathrina—Turkey... 12.00
Gates Ajar—Turkey 7.00
Ballads of I"aw England 0.00
■Wandering Jew 7.00
Cassell's Book of Birds -1.00
The Midnight Sky 3.75
Irving's nke’jch fiook 10.00
La Fontaine’s Fables 15.00
The Sunuyslde Book 450
Tho Bird—Bv Michelet 6.00
Falstatl' and hi 3 companions 3.00
Bustle Adommvnts... 7.50
And a larsre stock of-small Illus
trated Books.
Sets of SUarf loirs.
Wavcrly Novels—Saif calf, 43rite:. SI4oJX>
Waverlv Kovels—Half calf, 25 v 015...., 125.00
StratfordShukspe'-*e—Halt cart. Gvol a 21.00
Irving’s Works—Half calf. 26 voli.-;.............. 84.50
Irving's Works—S itnyside edition, 25 vols, half
calf® 112.00
Thackeray's Works—English edition, 22 vols,
half calf 100.00
Thackeray's Works-Half calf. 11 rols 27.-50
Bulvrer’s works—Hart ca11,22 vols GO.OO
Dickens’ Works—Riverside edition, 23 vols, half
calf 105.00
Dickens’ Works—Llb.Tiry ed'n. 27 vcls, half calf. 100.00
Dickens’ Works—Household ed'n, K vols, hf cl. 42.00
Dickens’ Works— Chau.- Dickens’ edition, 8 vols.
half calf 23 00
Dickens' Works—Glob* ed'n. 15 vole.-half calf.. 44.00
Dickons' Works— Plum-Pudding edition, 6 vols,
hart calf *.v—,* 2uy>
Macaulay's Works—S vols, half calf 50.00
Motley’s Works—'7 voly. half calf 40.25
Chambers’ Cyclopedia— U vols, half calf 71.00
AUihone’s Dlc-tionarypr Authors—3 vols, hf cf.. 31.50
Knight’s History of England—B vols, half calf., 40.00
Webster’s Works—G v013.‘ half calf 30.00
Bancroft's U. B. History—9 vols, half calf 40.50
Plutarch's Lives—s volatdialf calf 25 00
Buskin's Works—l 4 vOi >half ca1f................ tti.OO
.Humboldt’s Cosmos—s .Sis, half calf 1-5.00
Defoe’s Works—7 vols, half cart 22...»
Evelvn’s Diary—4 vols, kart cal! 13.00
Strickland's Queens of England—6 voL’.-hf cf... 19.50
Al'iSO
ELEGANT ENGLiSH BIBLES.
PHOTOGRAPH ALBUMS, full Russia.
WRITING DESKS, superb styles.
JUVENILE SETS, great variety.
COLORED TOY BOOKS.
KINDERGARTEN BLOCKS, eta, etc.,
AT^
cm Allis k cm
469 WAS ASH-AV.
COAL.
coal!
WILKES BAH RE
COAL
From Our Own Mines,
BEING THE
FINEST QUALITY OF iiTTEBACHE COAL
Iff THE HIIE&ET!
In yard. Delivered.
LAECEEGfi, 59.30 810.50
S.lLilliEGC,
RANGE.
NUT,
CANWEI* COAIi-, 8.50 9. 50
OLD CO.’jl LEDIGCV 10.50 11.50
Coal delivered on tlie cars to* country, $9,75 pep ton.
Also Old Co.’a I-clilgli, Caanel, Briar HUI, Uncklng
Valley, Blosaborg, and other Coals.
BLAEE, WEITEHOUSE CO.
tocntli-st and Xniliana-atißralges.
CLOTHING.
EDWARDS,
BLUETT &CO.
We offer, for tha neit 30 DAYS,.our, im--
immense stock of WINI'JIE
SLOTH INI
At a Discount of Stem
12 to 15 Per-Ce-at
On Former Frices.
Bslflin Co.’S. SDmors,
45 and 47 Wool Dladiscm-st.,
376 Statc-st.
BUSINESS CABIJ.S,
Be 1 Sfflnnnciffß'aglPo 1 JtTl a s fl
C 1 Cl |;‘K„, k ¥o. B ?K A
av. av. av.
DPHSIiS OPST^JL..
ZEPH',3. Eemaved from 353 to S3C State-st., "P
stairs. Call at 11 a. m. H. MAY. Fattubrnkor
HOLIDAY GOODS.
German, French and English
gift books,
SrS'nJS Sa SK
av- near Post omen.
Christmas Goods
AtW.B. VALENTINE'S Seed' Store, QOS Wabash
av Christians Trimmings In Wreaths. Crosses, etc.:
c;old Fish, Birds, aiul Afjitatrairv Fre?.b Floiftf- «R t
Plants a specialty.
HATS, CAPS AND FOBS,
HATS!
CAPS!
FURS!
STRYKER&OO.
Show the .largest and best stock
Of SEAL SACKS, MUFFS,
3©AS, CA.?S, GLOVES, and
IjfdTTFLERS, in the city.
Fresh Mink Goods, just made
flrorfi-thia seasc 'h’s catch of skins,
dark and hands ome. Wo cheap
faded Mink in l 'tore. Ermine,
Sable, Slack Mar. *-en, and every
other of Fur.
;STE3FKEB CO.,
The leading Kilters and Fori iers of the West,
231 WH3>r 31APIS OX-ST.
iMRLI Iras.
Tfte difficulty cf "getting real e? ele
gant and choice sets erf the wo. -fcs of
CHARLES DICUfENS is often not deed
and regretted. Tc- Vneei the wan tw»
latety'se—ected afewsets of sheet cof
the Jilverside- Edition,” probably t-he
best printed irr England dr America;!
elegantly printed, and containingaif
thellluSfrationsof CiiitKshank, Leech,'•
Phiz, Barley, Seymour, arid
others.-and had them* sumptuously
bound to our own ordciyby one of the'
most aiti&tlc binders now-IWing.
We haw Just received: them, two'
styles, vir: 28 Vols., Eve. Half Blue
Morocco Extra, gilt top, very elegant,
price, $140.00, and Half Buff Calf
Extra, giiStfepvexcecdinglyimeat, price;
$130.00.
More beautiful sets'! of books are sel
dom seen. Eithercan be ordered with
perfect confidence that;-they will
satisfy the most art lent love of the
novelist, and the most exacting taste.
We have also all the best of tho ele
gant illustrated and ji iveniidbooks of
the seasorr, and a li irge variety of
Standard Works of tho highest class,
in fine editions,and fins bindings.
Call early iiotore our sto re is crowded,
and before the bestare t; iker;.-
S. C. SRiGGS CO.,
607 WAS ASX I-AV.
MESSES. EBBMT, TU.IT 1.
529 State-nt.,
And 24 ana S6 Banb-st., Philadelphia,
Havenorv ia-sfoto, for immediate delivery,
A Full Lin* of. Slur Is and Drawers,
NTJBIAS, SOAE.FS;-
Hoods, and: Bade Gloveu
Of (he Tcry-besti Eastern Manufacturers,
To which they invite the attention
of the? J&hhing Trade Only.
REMOVAL.
REMOYMfc
The TT-r>i nrr JTational Ban "it will
be opened on MONDAY EVBIi-
HTG, the 18th Inst., in their new
and. spacious office in the *f Cen
tral Union Block,” northwest
corner of Madison and Market-,
sts. Car customers are welcome
to the use of onr large fire-proof
vaults for the security of val
uable papers.
W. I. COOLBIUGD, Pras’t.
C. T. WHEELER, Vice Fres’l.
GBO. A. IVES, Castle^
Chicago, Dec. 15, 1870.
9.50 10.5 O
ao.oo 11.00
9.50 10*50
1. IS lUiIIIATBS,
T&Largestßase-BarnerJlade.
LARGE STORES, HALLS, &C.
Testimonials from the best bysmess men In the city,
can &e had of superior heatin?i»i».'iclty of the Illumin
ator. We shall to Oliver and sot them up
at wholesale prices.
TIIXOTSON BROS.
Cor. Mlcliigan-Etyaad Jackson-st.
Agents Wanted
in every town In ths Blafe to seethe COW'
MEDAL SEWING MACHINE, and SAPP’S
WALKING MOTION TifEADtE fer all Sewing
Machines. MEDAL SEWING" MA
CHINE €O,, 303 ’Vest Madison, st.
BEWIMQ MACHINES.
Holiday Presents.
In purchasing a Christmas Present for tout Li jv
friends, combin'. the useful and beautiful, drUtclqct'a
GOLD MEDAL
SEWIWCc JUCITBia
It -will do ap7 work performed on a serrfrg machino.
•with tlio leaiA Chance of adjustment, and ,wi..u raca
beauty anil s£ritectloii of stitch, that all aro. deh a utou,
with it.
(IOIJ) MEDAL SUIIW MAMIIAE C 0.,.
j.i.7 West Hadison-st I
CATARRH
Cur'd br Jf nlical Hjdrokonlii introduced ami prac
c J Heed onJy-liy
Dr, S. GLBSSON PRATT,
No. 233 West WasMng(on-st.,€hleago.
Hours Iroi-i 10 to 12, and-from 2 to*. _
noiicsL
ThoPhaniv Insunvice.Co-, of BroohijTi. R.
<s. CritctxU. A L'cnt. bits not nbid tooouo cent, anhouca
claimiivr to be the Best to rellevoAho sufferers In tha
Chicago lire; and I have notar cannot
Coiuvanr. although my loss excfcsua lore© thnea or
polU-y. 'PETER CALI>WBLL. 2M JS. W ashlUKtoo-au
BBXGB FBBSS.
Parties desiring to wake pmsod brick. will find oar
lirm-ovcd liar» press the best in the market. Scud
for circular. Brick Trucks. Harrows, etc., for sale.
lv UNITED STATES BRICK MACUItSe. CO. k
URSouth Clintnn-st., CDlcago
Any physician able to guarantee that li r c.ianri'
acur or C’uiu-doaes, will receive liu i.wu pric'i
by aitdirsaiog X Y v.. TTlbuuc oftc*.
NEW BOOHS.
DBY GOODS.
stoves:
FOB HEA*'33tG
IT HAS NO 33DAL.
WANTED.
uiSCELUANEOUS.
To Physicians.