3
|jlji jpfcagff |nbxme.
Terms pt Subscription,
VJLVABU ra jlstsscs:
DaUy Damon, per year, by cm.
•W-iroilv Edition. per year, by Kalb..
Sunday Mltion, per your, by nan.
WeeUy tOllion, per year, by hail
Tarts of a year at the same rote.
Ob prevent flclayauamlrtakea, be sure and Eire to*
pnico (Uiw in full, indu.llug State
BHuittanccsipaybcma-ie citber by
Dost Office order, or in registered letters,
stums-to ettr efuaciUßEßii!
Daily, delivered, Sunday ™?^coii.
Daily, delivered, Sunday IncludiA rental^
SATFKDAY, KOVEMBER 13, IS7E
To Advertisers.
To-niorrow (Sunday) morning wo shall Usno a
Con Mli snpple.mnt. Advertisers are re a ue» cd
to band in thdr advertisements ns early In the
day as possible, East Sunday wo were compelled
lo omit nearly ten columns o t advertisement). In
tense qucnce of lack of space, rendtlng Itom tbo
ate hour at which they wore received.
To Connin' Denier*.
Tim Tnißfxn is furnished to country dealers at
the rate of ta.ls per hundred. Express charges
nnd postage additional. Payable In advance.
tVo arc prepared to dll orders promptly.
the gothehhest or Chicago.
AliUlhastvcuintroiluced in tlio Legislature
luovining for certain reforms in the municipal
government of Chicago. It proposes to.en
act that the legislative department of our
Cilv Government shall consist of two bodies
instead of one—a Council of fifteen members
elected from the three divisions of tbo city,
and a Board of Aldermen, identical with tbo
present board, as to membership and mode
of election; also, that tbo Major shall have
certain powers °f removal now denied him.
This bill, so far as wo are able to gather
from the data telegraphed from SpringheUl,
is a mere njuinting ai tbo reforms which are
ncedeil in onr city charter. That docu
ment has now swelled to the balk
of ponderous legal tome, and has
been made, by much tinkering. muiuosUoua
l)ly die of the worst charters over enjoyed
by an v city in Christendom. In respect to
fo«tcrinir cornu tic-n in the Connell and dc
pattments, It is nor. perhaps, so bad as the
charter which Tammany has given to New
York. lt-» had pre-eminence lies, rather, m
the way in which it divides up the responsi
bility el the various departments, so that no
one of them has really good facilities for
doing an vthing. and all have the best excuse
for d.*i"S nothing. The fmirpriuclpnl admin
istrative boards of the City Government are
constituted iu the most heterogeneous way.
none of them living responsible to the people
or to any one recognized directing head
whom, in his turn, the people hold respousi
\.le. The Heard of Public Works is the
only exception, being made up ky
ibc "Mayor and Common Council* Toe
'Hoard of Police is elected by the
people, and is, iu all respects, a law unto
itself. The Hoard of Education is chosen by
the Cm ir.on Council, bat regards itself as a
cc-oidhisite body with the Council, and can
not be reached either by tbo Mayor or by
the people. The Hoard of Health, to m.iKO
jt. Mill more independent, is appointed by
the Judges of the Superior Court, and
clothed with a complete outfit of indepan
dent ja v.cs by the various State statutes
which Interesfrd panics have, by nod,ting
down to and watching their
time, slipped through ihe Legislature. A
more homogeneous plan for constituting
these boaiils smd bolding them directly re
sponsible to the constituent authority is one
of the r downs demanded of the Legislature
Sit itspiesini session.
The nuaMive most needed, however, tow
ard infusing life into onr City Government,
sudcheeking the abuses which, have crop>.
Into the various departments, particularly
the Common Connell, is ono enlarging the
functions of the Executive. Wo should con
fer enough powers upon the Mayor lomatco
him a M:ij or, instead of a mere stick. That
Chicago has been without a-directing head
for Uui past four years has been not so much
the fault of the two gentlemen who have oc
cupied (nominally at least) tho Slayers
chair during that period, as of tho wretched
amendments” to the charter, which
Lave been perpetrated from. time,
at the insur'd'.>n of _epbym-
j.oiitlcioMs, almost couip.Ckely
stripping tho Executive of all power to -do
the city any good, no matter how great his
desire or his ability. As each new board has
been created, a now subtraction from the
honor and responsibility of tho Mayor has
taken place; and, as successive politicians
Jnvve got ready to go into business in the Com
mon Council, they have got a now ftiwimd
mont tacked on to the city charter, adding
to the facilities for jobbery iu that body. Iu
addition .to those infiuences,Bomc ovor-zcalous
Eepublkaus got alarmed, two or three years
agor&tthc prospect of the city going Domo
cratio at some fnturo election, and
mshed through a bill depriving the
Mayor of the prerogative of presiding over
the Common Connell, or appointing the com
mittees of that body. The consequence has
been that the Alderman who devoted him
self tho most assiduously to log-rolling, or
made tho best promise* to members interest
ed in getting upon certain committees. Ins'
been chosen President of tho Council. Pres
Idents Comiskey and Holden arc the fruits of
this sagacious statute, and, under its work
m lugs, the sessions of the Connell have de
generated into mere pot-bouso brawls. The
Mayor and Council took leave of each other
two years ago, dnd there has been' no co-op
eration between them since. "I
Stripped of his power to influence;-by sng r
geftidiiS, the ordinances of the city; stripped
of bis power to designate either the personnel
or the policy of tho boards for which tho
pie have thoughtlessly held him responsible;
stripped, by recent tricks of tbo Council, of
even Lis veto power stripped, in short, of
alibis executive prerogatives, except that
of appointing a hell-ringer or a ianifcor, and
of drawing his salary and paying it out to
beggars, who enrsed him because it wasn’t
larger. It is no wonder that tho Mayor of
Chicago has not been nmeh heard of through
bis executive acts during the past four
years.
Tho question is. Does Chicago need an
actual, bvna ftJe Mayor? Doca it need an
official with energy enough to inangurato a
policy for the revival of municipal prosperi
ty, firmness enough to adhere to it, and au
thority enough, derived from the charter it
self, and net from any "bargains with Alder
men,'to carry it into full and consistent ope
ration? Docs it need a man clothed with
such powers that he can ho really what the
people, in electing him, supposed- they were
getting, a controlling head of tho govern
ment, capable of correcting abuses in what
ever hoard or department, and houndon in
dufjafo correct them T It is to tho Mayor
that the people must look, it is to the Mayor
that they naturally do look, for their
guaranty of an honest adminis
tration. If he proves to ho corrupt, they
can impeach and remove him. If there are
screws loose in any of the departments, tho
Mayor should, under proper laws, ho made
to lighten them up, or else resign his official
functions to some one who will. A Council,
composed of forty members, is not a resppn-
sihle hedy, They may transact any amount,
of iniquity, and not he hold to any definite'
accountability for it. With the Mayor'
it Is different. Tho people know where’
to put their linger upon him, and -will
not fail to do so if he proves unfaithful
or incompetent. But no Mayor—not if wo
had Count Bismatk himself in the" execu
tive chair —can do Chicago much good nn-;
der the existing charter. Wo trust, there-,
iore, that some well-considered hill will he
passed soon at Springfield, restoring to tho
Slayer of Chicago these powers at leaatsto
appoint or remove, with the concurrence of
the Council, the"' incoming members of tho
Board of Public Works, of Health, of Police,
and of Pdnvation, and to veto any and all
hills passed by the Council, including those
■winch-ore (as was.the case last summer)
smuggled into appropriation bills, for the
purpose of coercing thehlay or into approt
ing them.
The new fire ordinance proposed by tho
special committee of the Common Council,
is a long step in advance of anything yet
driitf in the Connell toward making our city
n habitable abode for somebody else bosido
tho ‘fi^e-fiemU With regard to roofs it
proposes a decided revolution, by providing
that aQ reefs shall be made ofjmstal. ilatc
tcrraicott*, or other fire-proof material. an 4
Mwrnice, coping. bayr^ off p ro 1
of inflammable Aatcrml shall bo
SteJs*=^* a a
Trent on the
richt of the Bth ult. This tarred paper.
I,cn onco kindled and torn off by the mud,
Hew- over tho city in myriads of fireballs, ig
niting without fail whateverit lighted upon.
It is doubtful whether, after the wind itself,
any one cause is more biamable for the spread
of the conllagraliou than this sort of roofing.
In tho first place, roofs must ho made steep
er than heretofore: then nodal naturally
takes tho place of this gravel arrangement.
Tin, which is used almost exclusively m
Montreal, is a very good covering material,
shedding firebrands as a duck’s back sheds
water.
d.OJ
ifiO
2.00
THE rXRE UKTT3.
Tlic special committee of the City Council
have agreed upon an ordinance which is to
bo submitted to that body on Monday even
ing next. Tbo city is divided into an inner
and an outer district. Tlio inner district is
bounded by the lake to Thirty-ninth street
tbenco vest to State street; north toTwea
ty-sceond street; west to Centre avenue,
north to Taylor street; west to Western
avenue; north to Indiana street? cast to
Eueker street; north to Cbicagoavenuo; oast
to Wells street; north on Wells and Clark to
Fullerton aveune; thenco cast to the laic
shore.
Tlic erection of wooden bnihlmgs is pro
hibited in both district?, but, in the outer
district, such buildings may bo erected if
they arc enclosed by brick walls not less
than four inches in thickness. Inasmuch as
tlio difference in cost between wood and
brick bouses is not much more than 10 por
cent, it is probable that the cost of a wooden
bouse enclosed by a fom-inch brick wall,
would bo greater than that of a simple brick
bouse. Consequently the enforcement of the
proposed ordinnice would be ns efficacious as
one which Hhouhl exclmlo wood altogether.
There Is a movement on foot, of course, to
upset Ibis ordinance. It is
owners of “country real estate” which hap
pens to bo within tbo corporate limits of the
eitv—acre .property recently subdivided or
about to be subdivided into lots. These par
ties expect and desire to cover the land with
some kind of cheap, inliammablo barracks,
called cottages, and then sell or renttuo
premises to poor .men. It is a sad inter
ference with their plans that tbo City has
been 'set oil firo and burned down
by the same sort of pino kind
lings that Iboy propose to multiply
all over the prairie. The fire having come,
and two or three hundred millions of prop
erty having been destroyed by it, one would
suppose that these enterprising gentlemen
would take a back seat and allow the city
to be built in some better way than their
way. lint i,o such modesty has been exhib
ited by them. They are duiermined to de
feat the proposed lire ordinance if possible,
ami will doubtless spend some money to pre
vent its passage.
WoTepcat what we have said before, tba„
it would be cheaper for the city of Chicago
to purchase and destroy every frame build
ing now standing, than to allow them and
others to peii! from day to day the properly,
health, audeiedit of tin; city.
Theic is no safety save in the absolute pro
hibit ion of frame buildings anywhere in the
city. It must 1)0 as extensive as '.be city
limits, ami there man be no power anywhere
io grant sni eial exemptions in favor of any
person. Tiitrc are ai this time, perhaps, one
'hundred wooden buildings erecting iu detr
aree of the existing law; neither the police
nor the Hoard of Public orbs daring to per
form their duty.
THE CHOIS2I.
While Sow Vink has keen, waiting the arri
val nl the Ilussi.m Fiance with feverish
|y, anil straining its eyes, from morning to
night, towjr.il Handy ITook to catch til" Urey
gleam of the royal sails, another visitor hits
a,rived, quietly and, without any ostonta
vtinns display* anil waits at iiaarantino fo*
~ici option, oilicia! or unoEeitil, it little mat
tins whieh. Alexis, if he arrives, will he the
euesl of the peers; cholera, already arrived,
V. ill ho limgnest of the people. Alexis will
■jjie. t t.uly the wealth and beauty of the me
chid era, carders of social position,
si a min to meet all. The royal vessel
of Knssia will he Hot by our yacht and naval
Feuadrons, with much display of hunting
and noise of cannon; tins absolute vessel of
death, fuli-freightcd, rides at anchor, at
uunrantino, silent, grim, and terrible.
'1 he steamer Franklin, whieh has brought
the cholera to us from Stet-'in, had six hun
dred ar.neloveu immigrants on hoard, closely
packed away. When ton Hays out from
Chrisiiausaud the cholera appeared, and
before reaching Halifax ono hnndred per
-1 Far,F;tverc seized with it, of whom forty died
on the passage. How many are now sick
with it, at (inaranrino, it is difiioult to
-tay; but RUilieient to sow the seeds of this
dreadful plague throughout the length and
breadth of the land. The authorities of New
Vmk city owe it not only to themselves but
to tho whole country, to stamp it oat at once
as they would an incipient, fire. Not 0110
person should he alloyed to leave the
steamer lor tho city—at least until
the cold weather sets in. Not ono piece of
baggage or cargo should ho delivered over to
commercial greed until the disease has been
cat irpated. Once let it got a loothold among
the lilthy tenements of tho water lino o£
that city and it will remain there through
tho winter, gathering strength lor an out
burst in tho spring, "when pur railroad sys
tem will transport it lar and near, and de
liver it with fatal promptness. Whether any
human ageuey can check its progress en
tirely may well bo doubted. It has started
from tho remote parts of Asia, and has
Steadily advanced- westward through
Kussia, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and
i Germany,- and has now crossed
the ocean. Nevertheless, ranch-can ha done
to mitigate its horrors, and reduce tho per
centage of mortality. Ouco let it start, how
ever, with full sweep, and it at once gets
I heyend control. Medical skill can grapple
with other diseases. Small-pox and fevers,
which aro now epidemic in many of our
largo cities, create no panic, and hardly dis
turb tho regular daily current of life, be
cause tho physicians can cope with them
and keep them within hounds with ordinary
sanitaiy precautions; hut against cholera,
when once started, medical skill is vain.
It will he too late next spring and summer
to theorize on tho origin of cholera, or to
bring forward tho thousand and one storco
tjped remedies for cure. What is now want
ed is instant and intelligent action before
cold weather sets in. Crush it out, and lot
winter help freeze it out. In our own city
the tire has been a purifier, and will help ns
to'avoid tho coming dangers, to a large ex
tent. Tho time of Us arrival is favorable,
for it gives ns tbo winter to prepare ourselves
to meet it. We bavo only ourselves to blame
if tho cholera finds ns unprepared to fight
against it, Chicago has certainly had her
full shore of horrors. If of human origin,
wo have reaped an abundant har
vest from tho sowings of oar
folly. If of divine, wo have received our
chastisement without unnecessary repining.
In either case, if wo have tho pluck and cu
■ergy to go ahead and bnild up again on our
inms. we certainly have vitality enough not
_to admit this now horror, next spring, with
out some show of questioning. Let us,
therefore, put ourselves in readiness to meet
it this winter. The task is not a difficult
one. With a cleaner river,'and. with qne
thiid of onr city already' pnrifipd by the fire,
wo can meet it if it arrives, and at least keep
it withmbonnds.
Congressman W, D. Kelley, o£ Philadel
phia, has recently published a letter, in which
he takes ground that tho business of wool
growing in tho Northwest must Soon ccaso,’
under the strong competition afi'orded by
tho plains of the Western Territories. Even
from Texas, the wool-growers aro driving
their fleets to the plains. Mr. Kclloy says:
Indeed, tho fanners of many of these States
have transferred their flocks to the plains. And
wby should they do this 1 A pood farm In Ohio,
Indiana. or Illinois,-In \V isoousm.Ulohlgun, lowa,
or Minnesota, involves the interest on u guad
deed or cnpltal.ond is pretty heavily taxed: Hut
•vnllor nmong those mountain*. In* which lo.ow
Ktif iutnev food, Involves neither Interest nor
in*tho States, much of tho summer labor
of? fnnia r 18expendedIn previaing hay,earn.
Slid other fowl for UU slock during tho winter
ill hole, without barn or agricultural Implo-
K C or labor, or even forethought on Ids part,
tho atockman'a call!c andrtiocp ara fed abun
dantly every day throughout Uio year.
He then proceeds to show the disadvan
tages under which farmers of the Northwest
labor Sn ottompting to grow wool—tho damp,
which aflccts tho feet of the sheep; tho scab,
and other disease*, the cousociucucea of snow
and exposure on the prairies. From all these
destructive results tho mountain plains of
the Territories are free, and the condition of
SELLET OH WOOIrQEOWIHG.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18,j 1871.
tlio wool in nincU bt*tttr in
From all these tilings. Sir. Eclloy argues tb.it
tlio wool-growing business will bo transferred
to tbc mountain ranges, and bo eventually
abandoned by tbo fanners of tlio ‘Western
States. Tl;e farmers of tbo West bave been
deluded for many years by the promise that
wool-growing was to bo made profit
able I by law. The price of domestic
wool,' however, has not advanced,
and the wool-growers, who have
been receiving less money porpound for their
wool than in ISCO, have been paying from 70
to SO per cent more for their woollen goods.
They have been wailing sis years tor their
profit nniler a protective tariff; during that,
time iliev have killed off a largo portion of
their Uee’ks, and now the great champion of
protection tell* them they can never sue
cccd as -wool-growers, anil must turn their
attention to aomethiug else, and that the
business must go out to the plains. In the
vein hope of at some time getting a tew cents
profit from protection, these wool-growers
have submitted to ho taxed on everything
they have to purchase,, and now the unhide
is hurst, and other people, who can raise
cheaper wool, are to have the business.
Messrs. Coolhangh, Farwell, Field, and
Olliers, llio Committee of Niue appointed at
the meeting of policy-holders in suspended
iustuauco companies, invite all holders ol
each policies who desire to unite iu the pro
posed action, to communicate to any member
of the committee without delay their names,
that of tho company whoso policies they
hold, and the amount of said policies. It is
Impossible for the committee to canvass the
city and search out such policy-holders, and,
at the same tiiiic.it isnecessary to find all. or,
at least, a majority of them, in order to ren
der practicable the plan for realizing the
largest possible cum by the movement.
Hence the importance of a prompt* conipli
ancc with the commit tee’s request.
Mr. Turner Ims introduced ft hill in the
Illinois Legislature, the intention o t which
is to make women eligible to all avocations
and Munitions to which men have accov,
csccpt hearing arms and holding office. In
order that no revulsion among the laborers’
unions should result from this, to interfere
with tin* rebuilding of Chicago, will Mr Tur
ner kindly add a proviso that this act ahull
rot take effect, bo far as hod-carriers and
stonemasons are concerned, until (say) the
Ist of May, IST-i? Then, wo don’t object to
any contractor being compelled by law to
employ any female who cornea up ami de
mands a -situation at those occupations;
for this, or something analogous, must be
the effect—if any—of Mr. Turner’s bill.
Tho Chicago Times give? prominence to ft
lot tor communicated to that journal recom
mending that the Democratic party maitc no
nomination for tho Presidency next year,
bn* .snpp'ut such candidate as may ho pre
sented hy the Ueiorm lieptxMieani.
Tlio St. J.oui./ lUyitifUcitn started, Mil-? Idea
FOim* weeks ago. and it Una shwc hocu eu
dmhcd hv u large number ui tho loading
journals of tho party. The recent elec-ion
in New York has given a decided impetus to
the movement, and it lets ac»iuu*c-l sntUeuait
strength to give a great- deal of uneasiness
to the men inside politics.”
THD NORTHWEST.
JLLIKI
The Jacksonville »il. the 15th ?a;*s: On
Etttmdny last, while the smatn.r J, C. McMuU’m
was Inuiitcrviwg a weed train on tho LoaDiaua
Fruncli from the Missouri shore to the Illinois
side, and as St drew near the landing, two men.
iiamal Mike IWrcAl and .Mr.. Flawnlgan, at-
tempted tojmnp imlioro, but laiscnleiiUtcl t'oo
dsl nucc anil fell into deep voter. Tiiuy voald,
lo till probability, have hern drowned hod It not
1, 0 l u jor the bravery of nn Irishman named Jliko
Fiaunlgr.n, a‘ stranger lo the one lucntioaed
above, vho sprang into tho water and rescued
both tarn.”
—Mr. F. Cobb, promisor ot an omulbus Hue
lu Jacksonville. Ua« brought suit against Jesso
T. >'cwni:ui, tho proprietor of a rival line, for
6 *—S(.nie sjo.«x> oc tmi court txuubo bonds of
Macoupla County wore burned lu tin Chicago
lire.
—Hoyrs, Democratic candidate for Congress
man from the Stale at large, did not receive a
vote In Eerremun, Council IIIU. Donnda, Busk,
Bice, lhoini‘Bon. Woodbine, or Ward Grove.
—A vole la to bo tnfceu at DcKtilb ou tbo 18th
(to-day), on a proposition to appropriate $3/>D, or
e6 much of tlu.t sum as may be needed, to boro an
artesian w.U for the use of that village. Tins
labtokd conumny promises to'pay &J.OCK) toward
it If they e.iu thin obtain water for their o iciuoi.
—Air. -McGinnis, living near the 'ill vgo of
Xjoan.J. In Sangamon County, in sinking a well
recently, camo to a body tif water which appear*
JJkc a subterranean lake. A most remarkable
Jcalure iiboui ibis strange body of water Is that
though almost ico-cold. it i*stincd by'somo hid
den force, anil bails an»l bubbles np to the ho ght
of several feet above the level when at rest, ami
that this commotion of the water occurs at regu
lar interval*—an hour of rest, succeeded by an
hour of the bubbling, and so on, alternating from
cJlm to troubled water?.
—F. C. Ingalls, a Freeport lawyer, well known
in Chancery practice In this Slate, has removed
to Chicago.
—A mining company with $330.0>3 capital lias
been funned in Gulconda.
—Chenou bought ct.cco bushels of com during
October.
There arc three lodges of colored Masons in
lowa,—one at Muscatine, one at Keokuk, and one
at Dca Moines.
—Dubuque became n village lu 1937, governed
by a Board of Trustees, which village became a
city lu in 1641.
—John Hull, 28 years of age, a photographer,
was found dead la his gallery at Muscatine last
fiiilay.' A note lying ou the table explained that
ho had contracted large debts by gambling,
whi.h ho could not pay, and he had therefore
taken poisciu
—One of the finest buildings In tho State when
It is finished will ho tho Immno Asylum at lado
pendt nee. The foundation Is of granite, with the
suporsUuvUuc of brick, lined with Ananusa
(■tune.
—lowa contains 5.CC2 colored people.
—They arc building a catlodral steeple in Du
buque which Ims been runup CO ltd, and has
cost thus far $5.c00.
—Muscatinn Is doing a lively trade in mauns
“eaucr kraut and shipping it down the river
—ln Henry Bunt and a roan named Emm
b’.c got into difficulty near DccdsviUc, Henry
County. Bunt struck Branildn with a club
crushing Lis skull, imd causing Us death. Bunt
rondo his escape, and tho officers have no 1 been
able to get their hands on him. until last week
when Sheriff Spearman traced him to Greenwood
County, Kan. lie is now secured in tho County
Jail at Alt. Pleasant.
wiscossi*.
A nice* ynv.ng girl at Green Tmr, was being
courted I'V a nice vonne man. Ho was gracious
ly lineliued, and mad.- her present* of hair-oil,
which he purchased from the store of the father
of his adored. After giving her some twonty
Ictllcs of the oleaginous flald, he discuvctcd hi
wae working la a circle; ns fast ns ho. presented
them, she returned them to the store, thus duti
fully making trade for her father.
Xho Catholic priest at Kcwashntn broke his
Irg, last Saturday, hy a foil down cellar.
The Jancsvilio Gazette says there U atpresont
in that city a scarcity of wood which beats the
recollection of the oldest inhabitant.
—The Lodi Journal says that Robert Steele, or
the t -wn cf Dane, killed a w.-ir, lart week, which
measured four feet eight laches in length, anl
stood four feet lour laches high on tho shoulder.
XI e Milwankoe Stn'liwl says that Joseph
Ody, a pronrim nt lawyer la Milwaukee, recently
died In Germany, whither he had gone to recu
perate his health, which had been failing for
years.
There have been five cues of small-pox la
tho vhloge of I'ulflfrkl.
_TJie NcVAli any of.a recent date Bay*:
.•Tliia aftemron ft highly* romantic marriage
tooi place In tbis city.. Juiuc* A. Ksoeor. an oW
Kchtncklftu. ol eomo fame a 9 a etock-ralsor, and
author of n wortt.on U«g>V«Vr». dn<T Margaret
Cleveland, of this county, were married In the
'street' In front ot- the reddens sot the Rev. r.
Hutchinson,-the loving couple rising inn wagon,
with nn unihrena over them,, while the genial
and good-natured clcrgyiv.au leane.l npiust his
fence. r.nd, with the rain of heaven spattering In
Ida fnev, vtououneexl tho werds which made the
Colfax willheln InaUnapo-
Ua on the Slstinst.. in nttcndar.ee upon the Gtaijd
Ix.ltM ot Odd Follows, and to pay a vis.t to jio.
eonr.l friends previous to leaving for Washington.
—At John Street Church, Now Albany* last
Sunday nu:ht, there whs ft scene. A young m.\n
and wcimtn went to the church to be twit: led.
The young num went for\\i«r«l aul bonded his
license to the minister, but, when tho young lady
saw this,she rase from her seat and escaped from
Iho house, refusing to return and be made happy,
This is her second Idiosyncrasy of this kind In
two weeks.
—Tlio Fort Wayne Connty Asylum shelters
Henry Lafayette, mi eld soldier, wlm fought un
der Napoleon I.
Tlfe Terre Haute Express ot Iho 11th says: "A
meet distressing casualty happened near Clurm
ny Comity, on Friday morning last William
Hamaher anil John Chesterfield Sere dlgglnSa
new coal limit about eight feet sqcarc. When at
the depth of 15 feet the ground above fell on
lliem, burying IlatnaVer about 13 Inches deep.
It.appears that ho -was bent forward In a stoop
ing position when the dirt fell upon him, and was
doubled op under Its -weight. Whoa disinterred
life was entirely exeluct. The dirt struck 01r.it
tcrficid on his right side, bat ho escoped tvlthaat
,-erinua injury.”
The Snelciy of the Army of tho Cambcrlani
hold its Filth Annual Bo.vlew, at Detroit, Novem
ber 15- Lieutenant Generali Bherldan presided.
General A. S. Williams, of Mlcnigun, made tho
■welcoming address, and General H. A-
Banmm, of Now York, delivered the
regular oration. Speeches were also
made by Governor Fairchild, of Wisconsin; Gen
erals Meade, Hooker, Wood. Kimball, Silbrldjc,
Ktb.ufiou, and Stoughton. Letters were read
frem President Grant, Vico President Colfax,
Generals Sherman, Pope, Logan, Terry, Uraa
uau, lilliott, and Buell: Secretary Boutwell.
postiaester General CresswcU. Governor Hayes,
of Ohio; Secretary Belknap, Governor Baker, ot
Indiana, and Admlrnl.Porter.
MUiSESOTA.
Tlic largest cargo by ves«cl over received at
lluluth readied there on Saturday night last by
am noamcr Cliiaa from Buffalo. It coasts ted of
too lens of merchandise, 1,000 barrels ct salt, and
l,;oo bars of railroad iron.
—A d* alor la Faribault advertlica'for a million
rut sklus from kittens to oldsottlora."
_■there is talk of ustabilsbUis a reaper manu
faclory at Austin.
The Satina IftraM says tbacu few day* ago, Mr.
Robert V<lute*wlui was out with a party of buf
falo Luutero near Fort Zarah, accidentally shot
himself while takliu: a load*! rillo from among
some buffalo hides, Inflicting a mortal wound.
'Bia friends at onto started homo with him, but
bo died before they reached Ellsworth.
—Wabaunsee Comity has Uurty-two organized
•kl»< ol dblricls, nearly uU of which have good
wbtKlhomep, many being far superior to the av
crape.
—Tbo Miami County Republican says that Col
ton of Paolo, raised this year, on one-fourth of an
nciv, over 2.X-0 pounds of grapes.
A coirmltUc of the Territorial LeglsUturo has
juft i eportoi bill jor the relief of the inmates of
the Territorial Penitentiary. The amelioration
ashed to be effected hy special legislation is.
tied the prisoners be supplied with tobacco."
—The miners and capitalists in Utah have re
cently held n meeting, uml appointed General E.
L. Uanmm a delegate to confer with the Direc
tors of the Union J’acillo Railroad at theirfttiuu.il
na cling, to induce them to lower their tariff on
freights for crude ore and bullion. The present
raws, they claim, are destructive to the interests
of Utah «:id suicidal to the railroad.
RAILROADS.
It i* announced ilr.it tho Ashtabula, Youngs*
town ir r.tteburgh Railroad will be built to Nile?,
Ohio, by sicst Cluhdma*, from Itrleaatorn tenub
tbeieby opening u through hue to Pitts*
burgh.
ho Defiance Democrat learns that tho wa
baeh Road is to lay n double track between Fort
Wayne and Toledo.
—The Lafayette Courier says Superintendent
W..jd;oi:, of the new Ihn to Chicago, is la that
crl v. perfecting ai r.meemrnts {oriunucdi.de buti
i:e?s on the line of the Cincinnati, Lvfay etto
Chicago lirdlir-nd. from Sheldon to St. Aim. Tho
entire twenty-two nilleshas been put iu really
til f-t« hn s ui der. To mu. 11 he chnuoi ous demmids
c-r the people along the line, a freight and
gor tii-in ha.; bun pat upon the road. Ou Mon
day turn in hulk and all muds of frcig-iw wid.io
ti;.n."i-os.iv■« through to Chicago.
—Tlie project of hullumg a railroad front 1.2-
poitc, led to New Buffalo, U being agitated
anew In certain tpaM lc-n.
—A tlrou-’li pa«.ioii£Cr trato to CMcapo US®
change will he ran on Uio St. P-uIJcChicago
RaiUoad. us ecou ns tho Winona and Hastings
bridges arc complex*, d, the 20th being tlio duj
iht’V an* promised.
-11 is imported by a gentleman who chums
some iai'w lodge of the liiiUDiiul conilll.ou ol tbo
Chester A Taia.iroa Railroad, that funds for tlio
completion of thpnal arc now on deposit, and
tiiut the road via be lliushcl and equipped
ilu rugheut hi f*»ro il.o of January.
—N. G. White, of Lawrence, Mass., was elect© 1
Pi evident of tho iJcstou Maims Railroad, on
Monday lusr,to fill the* vacancy occasioned by the
rcriguxtlnn of Mr. Cog* veil.
—The Rock Maud (111.) lTn«m of tho ].*Ui say*:
uW„ n tu.it tlio Z'coria Uuliroad Compnaj
p.*ritUrly contemplates building a branch from
Ml an to Masculine. A delegation of citis’ii*
fjom tbo latter place recently had mi intcrrlovr
with Ren smith and Governor Dennison, at
Tetria, ■wh-'To ih« project was satisfactorily dii*
cussed,amid.tlnitor.Bsnmn;o i given. The de
rangement of money matters by the Chicago tiro
may delay, hut will nut prevent, tbo eonsvuuanv
tlcn ot t'ae yrorh.**
l The Denver (Col) .Yeirsof tlio 12th Inst, sxyst
An cntcrnM-c of the first importance to Denver
vns Inaugurated yesterday by iho proper oxcea-
Hon nud filing <»f articles of incorporation look! ig
to the speedy lemiruciioii of u Luo of railway
irom Denver, along the course of the Sou h PI fct:c,
to ihi Middle Park; thence by the most fcatlolo,
direct, and advantageous route to Salt Lake f:i:y.*
—The Directors of the Cairo I'liltoii Railroad
of Arkansas met in tt. Louis on Saturday last
r,ml conflicted their organization. The goacral
c-fi ce of the company is to bo In that city. The
following arc the officers t Tkouuxs Allen, fct.
I ou's, Profid* nt; 11. O. Marqiuud, Xcxr .York,
vice rrcfcl.h nt; J*. W. McWilliams, Treasurer;
Wn. R Dcimhlsou, Secretary James M. Lough*
bui ou.;li, Jjuiu Ci’UiUiiscioiier; James A. Morlej,
CUcf Lugiueei*. The two latter officers vriU have
their quarters at Little Rock.
—The contractors of the Cairo St. Loui? Road
propose to have the road completed and cars
running from Calro.,to Jouosboro by the Ist of
May next.
IOWA.
necus'A.
aiictnOAS.
KANSAS.
Tr.uunouißS.
POLITICAL.
Pnicucl Kowby, ito years old, is running for
ccmtablo in Seymore, Ind. Ho Is a Quaker and
a Democrat.
—Madison and Bt. Clair Counties, Illinois. on
theTtlt lust., voted down propotitions to adopi
to vnshlp oiganizatluns.
—MumLtster, Minn gave It# entire vote, at tho
icecnt election, for the Republican ticket.
—iheChipiH'waVur.cy OYK)-Ytws (Democrat)
says; Our ‘rooster took cold during tbo
snow-ftonn, on the day before election, which
remlcie it impossible for us to present him to tbo
public next week. Ills lungs arc too weak to
c.o.v.'
PERSONAL.
If rr.cl Whitney, one of the binding merchants of
Boston, ciiod suddenly of heart disease ou Ban
day, the day after bis 74th birthday. Ho fur
manryforaa merchant Cuptil n. and narrowly
escaped death dm lug one ot hU v«»y his ship
King burned at to i and tho crew only rescued
uIUi two days of surtVrinrT from eiporiiro la an
open boat. After icdrlug from this sci vice, ho
cringed In inuuiifnvtiirlug. became Treasurer o
the lowed Manufacturing Corporation, and was
elected lovmums office iu other manufacturing
and banking orgnulzalioiM.
—Mark Twain. In his lecture In Hartford, tho
ether evening, took from Us pocket n dilapidate I
piece ot llocu instead of a handkerchief. The
fiudlcnco tittered, and Mark probably curUln
kotured Mrs. Cbnm ns when he pot home.
—W, A. Ciartc, the venerable President of tho
2>at tonal Bank of Rhode lalantl, Newport, has
bten connected with that institution S3 years.
—Prince lUsmnrk*fl regular nllawanco of brandy
while travelling, meoriling to tho Coulais, is a
lottlo and a half per diem.
—Garibaldi is .witling a book of his lifer which
is only to bo published after his death.
—The ease o£ Vermillion ts. Vermillion, recently
called up In a Washington court, reveals a fearful
absence of ilcmtstic bliss, nenrj O. ertnDlion
is the plaintiff, and his wlfo, Josephine, the i>
fendant. The testimony shows that Henry tnar
riedthanadj-in good faith; that she enjoyed his
led and board tho short spaco of half
a night, and then abandoned him:
rhat shortly liter tho ceremony sho ro-
Uinikcd: "The old fooll I married him for
his money, and I'm going to have It;” that eho
*l.nd visited him twice since tho abandonment, but
the i bits wore rather painful than otherwise, for
the lady, holding a brace of pistols before Henry’s
countenance, demanded of him ft ,000 or his life,
iir. Vermillion was, however, proof against fear
He retained his money nnd his life on each occa
sion; and we arc glad to add that ho has been
granted a divorce.
—lt i* related of Jefferson that be might hftv«
been u rich nnd not a poor man, as he was, hut
for the multitude of admiring visitor*
‘ttrorgedMonticcllo from year’s-end to year’-*
end, and literally ato hlmoufof house and homo.
As many us fifty strangers sometimes swarmed 1 1
ui*m Wm in 11 single afternoon. Thoy came on
lorscback nnd in carriages, and doxcuft of them
stayed all nlplitwimdL many ©Cthem- stayed to
days and evrn weeks; 2To other main' of whom
wo have any record was ever so overrun
visitors for so long i>eriod. They caroo
till lands ami belonged to almost every rank w
Titr. It wns not possible to turn them avaf* jei J
ft t*cD had to stand the punishment* and bo stood
U Immly, and with at least outwar.l soronlty o
si l:li, although hi* Inward struggles wero tera
-lU* lio ilnall* Mild Ms library, porhapa
then In America, and the choicest Posseaalott
had on earth. Be also sold some of his tod. A
few friends, and own the Legislature* of
States, tried to help him; But these offorta wero
ot no avail. Bis affairs grow worse and wore*.
Ho finally petitioned the Legislature of Virglula
for permission to dispose olhts
but before the act was passed ho died, and Wa
estate was said ot auction by hi* creo o.s. and
his heirs were turned from their ancestral uoor
1 f °—The* rekin correspondent of the
St. Ptlereburff announces the death of VoAea,
the most dangerous enemy of the Europe ms In
no was the tutor of the lute Emperor
nn.l consequently possessed great influent o at
the Chinese Court, and was tho chief ut the lit-
craty class lu China, which Is known for its
hatred of everything European. His family
t".s of Mongolian origin, but-had long lweu
settled in China. Tho late Emperor, on aseon-I
ing the throne, gave him the important po=t of
Governor of Moukdsn, in Mantehnurla-a dig
nity which is much sought after lu tho, empire,
as Moukdeu is tho cradle of tho rolgnln 0 di
na'tvl tnillo holding this post VoAen was
a wlluess of tho war in which China was
beaten by England nnd France, and tins l>-
flamt.l the hatred, which ho had previously felt
for all foreigners into a sort of tceney. IV aon,
shortly alter, he became, tutor -to the present
Emperor, ho repeatedly laid before the sorerclga
reports against Europeans, and. In oao ot those
Ire went so far ns to declare til at he would not d.o
happy until after ho had eaten tho flesh of the
foreigners and lying on a couch undo of their
skins. Bo protested strongly against tho estab
lishment of a school of science and foreign lan
guages at the Pekin Foreign Office, and against
tl:c Burllngumo mission, ou the ground that a
fuieigncr had been placed at its head. and .that
tic fcubonlinnte posts were filled by Chtuaso dig
nitaries. Vo-Ycnwos very popular among ms
couatrym* n on accoantof lus charities. Ills dls
intetedness. and his simple mode of life. Ills
household was conducted on a modest seal**, and
a considerable part of his fortune was devoted
to Ibe relict of tbo poor and tbo m.vlntcuanoo of
a achool for giving gratuitous instruction to
those who could not afford to pay for their edu
cation.
MISCELLANEOUS,
Sixtcch vessels of tbo Gloucester, Mass., flshin:
fleet have been lost, this season. with 163 men.
many of whom leave destitute widows and chil-
dren.
T ow Orleans had two sensation? on t.io i-Jb
iSbc suicide of a noted womroiofthe town In
the parish prlron, and the mnrder of a colored
woman, named Laura Hudson, hy her es-uus*
band, who beat bur brains out with a bludgeon.
—Postmaster GcirralCrccsr.'ell forbUmho lot
ter-carriois to issue their usual New Year’s al-
dross, stating the solicitation of presents by any
means whatever to be wot only prejudicial to the
public service, but derogatory to the rvspcct tiro
carriers should command.
—A valuable fdie of antiquity !m«, says the
Zirant Derail, lately been discovered ia the
grounds’of the Russian pilgrim’s monastery out
tide the w.vlU of Jerusalem. It Id a monolith out
out. of ft single bloc*, and only half couiple-.e.
From ft dcsurli ticn In the Malory of ilavius
Joa».*xmUP, it is 1 e leved to bo a O'dimm Intended
for il.o decoration of tho ancient Temple of Sd
emou; but, as tho co’ivun split while It was
worked, it w;w left uu&nUUcd, the lower part of
it remaining in a rough unhewn state, lue
monolith, wk'< Ti r.bobl C 3 feet In length by 6 in
diaxnc ter, will certainly prove :i» object of keen
interest to archieologlfils; and it is tube hoped
that it w:li b3 retained iu a place of safety—tho
pillage of monuments cf antiquity ia the
being now systematic.
—-Tho attractions of Los Angeles coutny, Cali
fornia, bealdei Ihc good chances one has to kill
Chinamen, arc many. The county was organized
in ugo, and in 1970 its total valuation was some
thing more than 53.003,020. Its products are
taiuly wool, wine and brandy. Tho nativefruus
are the btiuctvt, orange, lemon, gr.ipo, p-oiea,
olive, walnut and pir.o apple. There are about
tinv'ce acres of laud open, to the necessary irriga
tion, and 23,000 already irrigated. Corn yields
tighiy to one hundred and forty bushels per acre;
u hey aop Is cut ia May; an acre in grope vinos
brings fifty dollars annual profit; an orange tree
yield** trota three thousand to live tiioasaad
oranges. lais-Angeles town was founded in 1731,
ami las now about 3,303 Inhabitants. Tito county
fronts lorluomUcs upon tho sea.
—Au applicant for the position of domestic i:i a
r-aabury (Comi.) i‘ai;iily was asked it «lio uud.’r-
Mmnlbow u> use U-.vscac. Her reply excelled
tljc usoftt tempi!ino expectation.-*. Use it, li It i
td-c exelubatd, in a roue of reproachful oxplann
sl.n; “frii’oimi a.c.iu of karyosaue and IMnorer
itbl: i'or lilts lift ot a sluivlaV’ Sliclwas not oo
gajrcd.
—Early J. Er.%on, who murdered Edward Ly.o?
on the Horn Lake Utwd, near Memphis, iu Juno
last, Lr.s been ncußneed to be la iged in Decem
ber.
—A tfrrlflo Hail Momi visited ThVd-is County,
y CKat i t meently. The Mansfield JufeHigeneer
i»vk Koln full in torrents, and bail of the slzo
~Viuj»*aoi.vs run Thick nmlfaM. Stock was Killed
In the streets, htMisea were almost ouroofed, aud
we might safely sr.y that there Is not to Oauaod a
lu.U dozen houses in the town with a whole wtu
ilow glass, Branches the site of u mans arm
wore toi-u from the trees, and several persona
who were to unfortunate as to he caught l-i it
I wciosevciely injured/ 1
—The Mason* of Ualvoalon. Texas, have issued'
pn posnls to misery subscription, SlW.ooOfor tho
erection of R splendid Masonic Templo.
—A beautiful»l *ce of Ibrnitn Billie pavement
has been rei eat iy fovn.i ut u depth of twelve
under carpenter'd shop m Cordova, Spain.
Only a portion of it has been lul.l bare, but so far
us exposed it ceu-dMs of four female figures, s«p
posed to represent tho Seasons, Each bit o' mo
saic I* less than a quarter of nu luch square, and
consists of marbles of almost every shade of col
or. The work i* of beautiful linlsb, and in an ex
cellent Mate of preservation.
—The “Pilgrim's Progress has boon translat
ed into Clmi*>6?. and one of tho xi. itrations rop
resent*! u Christian with a pigtail.
—TuAuMx la women have certain rights
undreamed of by Americans. They can refuse to
Accompany their husbands to any locality which
endangers their liberty, life, or health, and* un
less married to ta'lliary men* can refuse to bo
parties to perpetual peregrinations, and to set
tling in foreign countries..
—A Kew Jersey man drank seven quarts of tha
“liahtulng” of UU native land In five days, aud
died.
—Secretary Fish bus received a draft for 81,200
:u gold for tbe aid of the stiflererß by the Chicago
llrr.fiom Henry.!. Winder, United States Consul
at Sonnoborg. Tide is part of the contribution of
the inhabitants of that-part of one of the Into
Saxon Duchies known as-tbo-TUurlngkm Forest,
Where are made many ot the most attractive of
child) one toys, and where the people are mostly
V'tyioot.
Protection of the Bant*.
3b Ui« Edi-.or of Thz Chicago IFifrwie
Em: In his message to the senate and House
of representatives, yesterday. His Excellency
the Governor of the State of Illinois makes this
statement: "lam also convinced that,as lato
as tho lilh of October, he (Lieutenant General
Sheridan) ordered additional troops to Chicago to
protect the liar.is from trouble’’with.their dtoos-
Itorf A viler slander upon the hanks and tho
01 1 -cf (Tiieajio was never utleren. The money
amf valuable, of iho hanks were, at that time, as
tno Governor well knew, out of tho ivaoh or both
the bank* and tlu ir dcpositors.-burled m tr.o
rain* of the buildings which the banks had ooaiu
lied. It wa» to protect these treHMin* contained
luiltolr vaults nsuoiitf the ruins from tho acute
iVith'Uß of thieves and robbir*. that tho aid or
General Sheridan was ask*!. and that guards
•wore plac do.ound tho vhuUb. The bunks wore
uoioiemd irr business until tho 17th October.
TJf sUttiimnt of thf Governor Is not onlv with
out Uh* fPgUtubt foundation, but disgraceful and
tcaiiCaloot. UAMk£B»
CIUCA.OO, ypT.lil.
BelnftinCctacnt of Coin in Court*
T» the Kttitnr of The CAJenp® Tribune
I notice sn order tnado by one of the Judges of
.nine court held in the city of Chlcagoto reinstate
in con: t eases in which the papers were destroyed
hv the lire. If lawyers arc allowed to mato their
ovtncnrc, they cannot very well fall of success,
however rnjnst. or iniquitous tho claim. It is an
cafv thing tor a lawyer to remember all no wants
to remember for tho snccosa of hie cass, and a
Yen easy tiling for anattotuey to forget anything
detrimental to his cans© of action.
It would sohaervo the ends of Justice .vnsuj
better to cmricl all parties to begin anew, and
allow nil the in neflts of a fair trial especially in
cases Of malicious r ro=eouUons, conrnpt defaults,
various prosecutions, as in tho case of the
swindling and unlaat clamtrap defaultpiwtirod
hr Duidany against Phillips, wherein,
Iby shari' practice, indgracneof sa,«o.,s, was most
i uniuetlv omi corruptly obtained, and they seek to
take property worth nut less than from- ,100,000
o WThy'nVt ebrnpei ttitso parties to allow a fair
trial, nnd nor allow a robbery to bo reinstated I
ASCFTEKEn nt the Hands or Saaiute.
Tbe laffliette Bloomissfoa Railroad.
Ditto*, iu., 2fav. i&£
10 the Editor of The Chieago Tribune
Pm: There have arrived hero in two days 7u
cor loads of Iron far tiie Lafayette BloODf
incton Railroad. making in all 15.000 tons iron,
ibathavo arrived been for tho above railroad.-
Tlic coatTuctors,; Messrs. Snail, Tayior, «fc.Co..
•will oemmenoo to lay Iron iniafew dara. The
iron la already Bid on the road from Blooming*
ton SO miles jcost, and from I.afayetto a miles
wist, and we hope to see the care pass error this
nsMl. from Bloomington.. HL, -to Lafayette,
Ind by Jan. 1, JB7i n'liis rnUrosd will develop
thencbrFt lands hi lllinoi*, fcnd'givo the
chrsp frvlgUts to Sew York, and an Inurea&od
value to the com of from 8 to 10 cents per imaaeL
Tlialorical
Tj the Editor of The Chicago 'frUntnc
Bin: Inclosed is a leaf from the ruins of tho
building occupied by onr Historical Society. It
was handed In by n friend, who is supsrln
tfndiu< the removal of tho cfehri*; and ho B ftyß
tr.i'»*y fis'.pruenU, lUrectoric**. and other bo«-:«.
wt hli h< thhikF oueht to Lo <avcd. aro coming to
ftiubl s>t rv UnV o.
Cl*.!C VGO. .14
NEW. YOBBL
The Fall of Tweed— Cry for
Beform.
Is President Grant’s Election
Surd
Senator Tronsball on Oorernor Palmer.
From Oar Own ooironponilont.
Nsw York, Nor. u
The manner in. wliich every Now Yorker
asks yon Wbatdo the people ont in XUtnoia
think of our election!” shows that the vic
tory over thamulcsEtiesa in it was won by
men not used to voting or sacrificing their
private moans for public necessities, -ho
oficcl hero is profounder than auywhoro c.so
in the country. Tho great lump, or wart, o£
Tammany had hcen horna by this city as a
jester wears his deformities,—sonrccs of
humor as well as of pain and humiliation.
Now that tho burden is gone, and the city
stands up in comparative soundness and
grace, all wonder at their own vnlgantj in
tiiut-3 post in iualviu£ light of *nch
"tunes and even taking u sort ot ullo pleas
ure iii tlio grotesque behavior, rttwcJtalu/ioty
I tmd lonhommie of their tyrants.
KEACTIOS IS SKV» \o3Mv*
Ab tho mouttich wUo cat oft I ,J
hid drives was named llluii King lw» *J?
Tweed becomes the graeums Boss, and
imktho Prince of Erie.” The public heat
ed tlicco monsters m their gossip as Odoii
buch rendersßlue Beard” in »j>cra InutTe.
The King also understood the power of iadi
racc in governing, and hired negro minstrels,
song-makers, and newspaper Buhomiaas to
-rack broad, alleviating jokes in caricature
of them, and in relative denunciation of
their more serious exposers. The Hlmttenug
of (lie King, the nervous spasm of b.remie.y
and ids “retirem nt,” the udgerty greed
old Tweed to pack up his swag and aoscoa.l.
the flight of the graml-larceny.thieves with
their ebneubiues, purchased in matriraou>
with (bo proceeds of plunder, as a hotaa
tliicf buvs arming squaw from her father,—
these things have taken the scales from the
eyes of the New Yorkers, and made plain t.ic
ImleousiießS, as well as the weakness, of the
carrion who conducted tho long viiltnre^rule.
New York, breaking the self-imposed chains
of good nature and indolence, rises like Pia
mct'tciVfrom tho rock of Caucasus, and
Hie gorged birds <’f greed, embarrassed by
their surfeit, fly ofl without resistance. It-is
always so with bad habits or bad ruler-.;
thrir strength exists in tho victims wcak
n'si: of themselves they were never pokur.
Now if the newspaper press will be un.im
mons'amltho people and their leaders in
Now York begin.another campaign. the Erje
King will also go doivn-timtothoioelc
eoaitioii between pinchoeek capital and d--
ctaded law and justice.
b t THE DKMOCrntCY SOTJNP.
rAvidenee,. watchful over our laud and
iis iiiluilotiiutP, lias inclined tho public muni
Jo o ri“ all sum 1 consideration*, and grapple
uhl* vi eiUVragc ami an abuse of party bpmt.
Tiio lieuiocratic party, preserving its organi
yition under tho standard ot dead iss.it---.
end nnd> riiieoinpeteut.heeansqutuiriueipled,
eemnmiiders, is hopefully debating its patnof*
hm I the wisdom of disbandment. Its
sclf-su=tainii:B newspapers havo anion
against, the Bourbon demagogues who ano
rS«..l tn ihcm.-dves.thc making ot plar
fenns and the selection of candidates.
r till tho air with tee predict.on t.i.u
their voting multitude wdl not dept:..
but will r. palliate any measures of nroer ss
or ioa.lois grown conservativeffoui tae' o. Jvi
sole. l.et ibe experiment be tried 1 Xlu.i m
ji'atnre and good sense prevailm one p if.-.* as
Ihe ot her. it was the llenioeratie v o.er iof
Vev,- Yoik—apparently the most bemuu m 1
end r; actionary people of that party—woo
did tin- work against politicians woo had rj
oei'iedly led I hem to victory at tue pulla.
1 gu.vnt’s chances.
Have these late elections in the btat-*s as-
Mi r, d IT< shield Uiam's re-election.
This is Urn pivotal ouestnm of the next j
1 1 le.snraV' Titly. docs not feel satisfied or it,
Itaving begun hi* administration by a
wholesale piusciiptioii of former o.lne-h ihl
ern, t uniingtout Kgdical Kepnblicans as w«H
as milder ones, ami often replacing the
smmirMul approved with tho u.iwui. »u I
untitled, he is now preparing to recommend
u vital chango iu tho civil service. ilii3
mh’hT be a coiicvSHiou to tho nsmx
!Ifn union if ail tin* elemonU disapprove
ihe, tone and intelligence of hu hrst, te..n.
Ho is also, through The X ostnias.ei Coin -rai.
about to broach to Congress the .mew tionol
postal telegraphy;, another subject forced
In.mo to hull by being generally adop.ed bj
his uißapprovora.
TOO LATE.
These changes in the spirit Oi his dream
might hi- evidences of a Kag.ieitv Vinrn at la-t
in the dusky impenetrability of his hoao.n.
but. as he has always put them oil w't.io t
sympathy until now.,perhaps Ibey sho.-. .i
l enl.ilenee not so blnm in his re-election, m.-
h-.fc hu adopts the weapons oE.lus euem.es.
YVith the hiemocralic parry quiescent -.a t-*
nominations next year, and eumins t... *sr 1
to these and other wide mows of p01.t.. .1
Kif-uin Ki publican, not woolly inferior to
-.lit body ot Ins countrymen in niiaers.aud-
Inm magnanimity, ami'ardent regard for tie
diuuUy. progu'HS, uml imiiucati«ii or tho
P*iiti. soi his lilac, would carry iho United
States; awl. carrying U, would speed \t
fj:r uhnu\ Ol Util* ifcigu ol guess-work siud
clunp-sjohmiv that ih« nclnumslratutu «c
Vn Hidriu Grlmt might in future be s.iul to
l, Jt vc closed with tho surrender ot Appo.aa
lux.
BF-MOCKATIC SENSE.
lliclrauiu? IViuwrat, o.t xoTii nro
wnvuing Ij«'i'.rc-tii these points <u discretion:
whether to keep up the organization, nniiii
r.alr early a camlhlate, ami staim reau> to
withdraw Lint in tlic event of .1 l '_'
pnLlican. of to wait until Grant i 3 put .lor
ward, tho Keformer also selected, and then
meet and advise no nomination.
What is a reform ot the civil service good
for, if the example of ail civil service, the
I’nddciicv. continue to ho no higher than
Tom. SltirphyliiliDß tho.hest place in lac
I'rcsidem's gift \Ve make this new depart
ure in the civil service from the deepness
Nepotism, ami our Kcformer loses cotindenco
in human nature hecauso a naval Ailiinral
once, in t he days of his youth, when his head
was round, wrote a letter.)
There cun'l>e no good reform of tho c.Til
wit hunt a rtf oral in Iho X’fesnlcncy.
I’ohlni telegraphy w not n reform; it is a
necessity; and, as long ago h* •I |L .V V
was all provided for by statute of Congress.
£l*>’ATOU TUV.MUITLL ON PALMEIt AND blii-U-
Senator Trumbull. in a conversation upon
ilie enppiantiug of SSlnln authority by Ute
United States military, said nearly as loi
l0“ It t is unfortunate for
that ho W been put in
awkward tlims of asserting tno Slate a.i
thouiv at Chicago, -Iho sympathies
mai.hmd wore with tho mmpfc aud able
manner in which- General dtalu
with that conflagration. Grateful to him
for his great services, public opinion is,
in my judgment, eoyero anti
unjust to Governor 1 aimer, v, ho
wns asserting the Chief
of the State in tjie case of a citizen shot
down by a volunteer organization actim*
under the auspices of tho United stales limi
tary commander. In any other time, it
would ha.vo.heen an infringement upon the
imUdictionof Illinois fora national oUcor
toraife; treops there, Palmerhad yistaxuly
-Miit State troops In Chicago, and Sheridan
not ni tdiiiff turn sent them hack. Ao\y,
estrcir.o-*dHses make had precedents. At
lawv’fhei'ldlliuir of Gnisvcnnr was munlvr.
The life t ii a-citizen of Hip State was taken
in lime of-peace liy a soldiery acting u d'
penOsut of any legitimate authority ot tne
Slate. lint, although Governor Vnlmor is
temporal ilv unpopular, his actum will make
the Government aliWashingtou cry a unit m
the whole system of invading States anil sus
pending their laws.’’ Oath.
laying of BHcb Walls*
To ihe Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sin: I have been watching to sec something in
tie newspapers In relation to the manner. In
whlci brick walls have been, acd are being, can
strutted In ot:r city. ‘Within, say, two yfiirs pait.
TC-ry many buildings have been built of brisk,
tho walls of which, in the lower stories, were
}Yunv fixt.en to tvrcuJy inches thick. 2fow, does
It not seem reasonable that, if such walls had
been properly bnilt, they would, In the mam, bo
now stAXulinK 1 pearly all the
In Id by laying what the ancons call
s if„f u SfwM^^
brick nnd an Insufficient quanUty ofpwrmorur.
today, where some mason* wore ersu
Intr the walla of a new building, and
lender s every. sixth course, I askoJJS o^?s f#
eecr if the wall would not be much stronger if
headers were laid every third coarse. Ho said
it would but that. In the West, walls were often
laid with seven stretches to one header,
wtiloTin England, where he learned his trade,
f verv other course was ft header in all good
SuchabuUdibg may burn, and the walls
bo left standing. let unypersm who wishes to
.1,. ,™-rWiri.<-tw6cn tho lavorn of hnck, nml tho
S^SSaSr®Ttie-.rail*general!;-,will fur
mSo eunimelngveviiieneo «t a needed reform..
All claeoe, have aii interest in this matter, for it
-fleeSSSt that'll Vnek buildings ran be to coa
stroiMod that the woodwork and the contents may
brnStini-tUll leave the walls standing, no mieTi
wnSnl cenflngrntion as .wi have lust pawed
SrSgli will ever again take place. H.
Cnicjco, Kov.is. _
Flrc-Kx»in«wi»hln»Appar*toa.
Ib the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Bra It was with pleasure I rend your article
In this morning's Issue In regard to Fire Extin
guishing Apparatus. Truly you say that overy
rfl v apparatus for extinguishing of fires is
worthy of careful examination, especially of
that description which Crm bo used to cheok Arcs
TThcn flrtt discovered. It has frequently occurred
thut out moat cr-total business men, w
pride themselves, in nil business mnt&*ra,
tbev always lock the stable before thoh*»reo js
stolon.” have-not ?ftM s:u*« utb'ni’Mn
S«r.:rft keg Of thioTrs. the Fire King/ who
likclv to Steal i x»ou us utfttl «uu »U
v.lan wo -loaii 'vxyncl him. in «ru.r
to protect ourselves against
wo liar our floors ana make sooure all avenoss w
approach. It acorns to mo w“ n nSw
floors from the greatest thief o! them aU. »o r.
there is a plenty of such-Si
troflnccfl, anil upon truly acfennflo
which the water Is auporaatnrated anfl charg»t
with carbonlc-acld gas. There Is not a schoolboy,
who hua read tho llrat principles of chomhtty,
who will net Inform yon how much more emotive
lliiK 60iei- u atmuted. water is than pum com
water. Tunics have been erected in several tan*
tories mid buildings in this dty, and tho proper
niiK-e and imimnit'is attached for it v»
all pj.its of fiiuh building upon the aaino cttiy*ras
principle a* yon Oescrllm a* used by Mr. Hau,
also, porruble, apparatus and engines mi wheels,
wUlea ore hnown to bo sMt-actlng, which arc
Rbowu hr a euretnl oxnmlimthui of tho reports
of the heads of the different Fire Imnarhnonto,
to have proved successful In all the largo cltloa of
the loud, and which uro mom extensively u«o j in
foreign binds, because their use U better uud.u
niimii Slionld W* wo nut now oHk «>ip Fire Coin
&oncri. hb well c* every individual property
mvorr too.xan*m»> this sreat question, and plaw
r.iiA of these nt every police station and cvor>
point where a telegraphic alarm U placed, so that
the policemen can hot only, as soon as tiro l» dis
n.vScd. “llout the department, bur. at the same,
time have an apparatus and soma means for the
instantaneous suppression of the same iu its In-
SulrScr. nnd thus wive great losses and immcn-o
i *inllacraTlonfit It sco ws to me tliat now U the
iSmicftlme hir action in this matter, bet Ca.cago
{»lito-vroof hereafter, and every man guard Ins
uud provide
to do so.
Chicago, >ov. 17.
JJOBHTG FOB FACTS.
Exploits of tie Tit.worth Engine Co n 7
the Great Fire-Expl.lt. of
Shay while Srnrehin, for HI. .llasiioea
interview with the Gallant Captain.
II baring been stated that Sandy Sbay, foro
nsan of the steamer Titsvrortb, knew something
et tbe great fire, and the working of tbo depart
ment, one of our reporters called at Ida casino
house yesterday afternoon for tbo purpose of
conversing with him on the subject. He was
found seated near the store, with his men arooad
ida* ready to respond to alarms of lire. Our re
r,,rt'«saUiUd lulu with," Well, ‘dandy,’l have
come to interview you.”
Sandy. X don't know anything.
Keportcr. IVbat did your engine do at tbo big
fl siuar. Well. lean tell yon that. We were at
Kusb>mct bridge, uud hud a prcttyniugu tiiu..
liomrur. Were you ontheM eat Btdol
gaudy. Yes; HU wo didn't go until the third
Munw im ck. The wren-Ih»x was tura-td la oc
fust. V.'c went over mid took a position on
Bwiug stnot, near Jefferson, and led nonth t*>
Foiunor street, ami worked there unt l we burst
tivo lengths of hose In many minutes—ten min
utes an?how—and by the time we got the lensUiu
in again, and before wc got s V, l l i t 1
tho the drove us away. Vo tUtn lul ui
two or three hundred feet cast of JuiTer
sou street, and held the tiro there m
lomr a« the hose held; and after wo got the ho*,
back to the street north of i. wing. and
cut oil the fire thorn from going
«[vjit brliding on tho east side of Jefferson su^m.
Then woeiirrlcd our pipe to Polk street, and cat
JiH e lUe the corner of Folk tmd Jof
?er“.n street*, and leaving the budding spud mi
tVe tide. Alter wo had slopped tao ttru
tlicie, I took «p a position betweeniluwlson an. I
Van fairtu streets on JdVcr.ou. and cut off we
lire there cn the northwest corner of too .dh\*
and c’imton street. After this I ordered tao ca*
K HVo-oxt l ;l? Myllt'&fameaycattot ttero
1 \cas otw myself
beftrctlmi. I took the b«ae i-art an I treat ov>.
to tho&auh SUle, ainl the. lira was tatu at tio
coriatr of Madison amities strci'N.
•Jt-norler. wimt did you do thciel
randy. I didn’t do anything.
£atilv. tU alono witli the hose cart.
T-aftottocnrcnaine liouec, ant, snnnir Inta' nn l
war, went t; S at beck 1.. tc.e West H->
brina the engine over. Tlieie was an itirian
i.las iuk uu tLo innijr j itm’c iiousc. riiere w;w ao
me there, tat i*!cnty of sparas. laey won,
tins it down. I retiuuo-1 to the esc Sale :is.ant-.
aaressibl'-. and after imttios out Urn lira ui tlw
bmleiut'tl.e nidi wiTKtvorijiiijfon. I V. ..V,'i'
cri iaeer to take fao i-nenin to uiiisnatli h.t-n au;t
*vt aposiuoa uo-.tli ot the tire. M hen I
witli flw 1 use cart I eoulil ti.tr fiml her. Ito it
i all around for her ami trie.l to K et east mi twtwt
iv anr elreer. tmt euiit.l uot on aeeouut ot r.i Hu',
llevuler. Ifud it ►puiiid fr»*ni M.idi-oii anu
1 Well* siro-'U to thcie whi’e you were' gone I
I fc; ruv. j»« but tho sp&rk* were a iaio>c w j
I couldn't get through. P*tV» Ptwhora m
1 Eouth WuUr and cnuWn’f attv iu.Uo.._ ruo
Ju iti'lni.'s at the int.-iocHi-n O* avoir
and ri. r.fh V.'M. r street worn thm on it*•;.
wun up South Water street tu Ut ils, mi-1 \V:*u.
cr to the Sorth Side. U*to wo met mo i-; *m of
•n* cij ire it> a wtgon. I ui uei
wo uomml K:i:zb* stro.n bridge U» tna
Fide, and went duwn tv» TweU'tn str« t; r
The* "tiver agi-.lu and gat nf tbj tirj *»u
Wnbr.sh av« HU'*. 1 fo*4Utl theen.-nm a.tna r*.nm
r.f»S*.'t* and W’aphuigron *'•.«*i.%«u.icv*.. t-c el
vith the hv»lr.int. and strct.-ny.d our in*'t
went to vviK* on Field I>*lt»-v
W.hi n the crclutt slutted tho hud ab.i.u lu.y
noeiu's pttS'Urc. Wo worked thorw uuul wo
Mtck.il ill the water on: or the uwv.is am.
couldn’t-cet a drop. V.o worked tac.o
ivcni.'-slvc uiinu'es.
Jin otter. What hour wap that 1
i-aud-. 1 can tie-1 anytlnna übont it. It
hove i-coa near dayligh:—ahemt 5 o oh-.-rC. I ind
ingila \u-tfUMiio no goud tbere.no wi.ilta
the river, erst of Hash street bnJg-*. «o U V. C
We led our hoso flirou.U Julgo ruWci.-.
inU) K.vcr street, j;oth Hides nf Ui-v6
wet** then OU dr.-. MU latlci s lt.oa.k haJ.ir
cun Lf. Westuro'J tncroas Mnir as wo wiu L ana
1 wutll tho t-.re dr »\'o u* on?. Mo tu» u fuugut tao
fljiut'oitt tho «1 ®c, l*etucca MioWffiini.vouua au*l
H’.vf r ftn 01, niilil We wcio Kiur.»uade.«l bj art,
r.Ld h. dt» cross cast lo Michigan avenue. Jh
Lad P> take uji then, ami there U win ns hud a
mi nv h!uu eii’iucc of saving oar appava.us.
Kovortvr. H«w did you get hot uut I
Fuidv. Wo got her out by going down tao
dock j iid through tho M:chlg*u c air-d ftyhjht
ImtiM*. \o Foutli Water street, oppu.-m; tlm L;u.»a
•ireet 1>« pot. I Ull the men to tlwro uu
tu i wont im ntul “n Ccntml uvsnuo, w••►t a. tho
I .Uimt.unitj <-eo if we could got her oil. tarung'l
tl G b.iso bull park. I fonni, u way io get out.
but Ilu* street was full of wliLshej barrels, tuid I
um'.du’t cut back lo the place lhadlo.t t.w on
pine. While I was Using to get to them tan
company tame through tho depot, and oout
through the base ball park. When Igotlo tho
pluee, they wore gone. I had 10-:t
ihem, I looked for them, but eoulil
uot find them. Hy that time I was just abant
blind. I eouhVnt fee where t was going. m>
f.v< 8 were so fuU of dust. A fr:cu hwh.» la un
erguu er mi the railroad, called me by n-nue Jiwc
tin i!. Mid I answered, and he told mo tu j;r»x>i.n
hlfiffcgint*. laid hv rma rode to
sirrer. ithen went home, Lc.ug so •uiuu tn.»», i
could rot «lo any more service. I wo* x*»i>ston:y
njjivcd cut, nud dm company [to tao cngiaw,r]
vibero did >i>tt goto 1 r
The Eutfinccr. We went to tho comer of Mon
roe anil Wabash avcmieand stayed there about an
hour. We could’nt get any mater, un i started nn
I jhe .-tret t. llv thti time all tho water wan out «»C
i the engine's boiler, and I went up to tho Econo
nis’a hov.se niul filled It up. That was too l-vt
v-orkwi* did that dor. That night we caaio
i down town and went Into a building on Hubbard
S iidy«ueee any of tho Firo Marahds
th Hu!Hld. ht filherof thorn except Wal
ters Inu t him in an alley between Harrison and
Vm lUucii strt-efc», nenr Cliaton. U« came woio
ami looked at u> a couple of minutes. Up never
1 said a won!, but walked off. ITc vaa too om>
Marshal I saw during tho entire lire.
TLc-limnnctT. 1 reported to WaUcra at t..0
Sbcuuau Houuo with tho engine. Sandy U'M .nw
to goto the escape house. It waiaU allrc, and 1
i i-ci ui ted tu Walters, and ho scut rop to Boldine s
1 B\*:eU. 1 gut a sticaui on pnr engine hoipn in
Dcnrbsrc street, and afterward went to the 81.
Jj.m- Bnutcl. where we met Sandy. Wc lmdonij
ono bncth of hose, and couldataq much good.
Ilevoiter. Had you lost all your hoso T
i:uglucer. Our hose was west ot tho lire, and
11 f au*il jv °Wc s sMy ed with tho car to
bore when the eugluo venturer to the BiMito bide,
mitfky tlio tliuo X gi>t im ro it Imrpcncd so
couldn’t tot where wo could do ai*> good, a-s wo
couldn’t Ilml tlie enpine, until "fji? of‘So
the West Side and came up on the ca<»i sluo ox *.llO
liic. 1 think if wo had had four steamer*, and
pit lit v of water at State and Washington street,
we could have saved a great deal oi property
nil the cast sidp of State street.
Knglccer. Ycp, it burned as slow as an old rap
Sandy. If wo had hod four stoamors to work
north, the firo could bavo been cut off at atato
rud.Wnfchincton streets. Tho htat*warped tho
buildings ou the rapt slfie of tho strpcv. and
cun S' d them to -tumble down. If wo had had
water to wet them down wo conld have saved
them. It was a close shave there that wo dldii t
lo*c onr engine at the bridge. If wo had stayed a
minute Huger where wo were wo would Iwvo
Ihxu obliged to jump Into tlie river. Tho half
hour’s work di ne in saving tho apparatus au-l
lion* cxluiurtcd nlv mm more than all the otuOv
work ihev had done. All of them wore nearly
blind fu.m the dust, ami the wind was blownijf so
kli ong as to make It dUUcttlt to keep on our feet.
KeiM'-rter. TUero arc rumors of disaffection in
the department 1 Do you know anything about
unv' dUtatUrm*iion anaiug the b’hoys I
Hind v. Well, you know there Is a want of 11 ip
nn ny. and, where th* re isnut harmony, yoimisut
as Well trying to do anything.
rororlcr. Bill you tell me what you know
abmt the inside workings <>f tho department I
Saiidr. Idcn’tknuwiinyuiiug a’KUit that, u
th< re had been a good reservoir wlii ro wo wen*,
w could have done a great ih o’, of gypd.
Kucinnr. Yes; a reservoir oi barrels ca
i aclt v would have given us water for some time.
1 tandr. These rrscrvolrs arc tho most essoutml
tli'iir 1 ihev tuuid iuive m fbw city. Jftoutigai
urn.n> il.y nH alt.’gotUnr on the XV »t<>r'Vi.rk'.
peveral ouostloiis woro then-asked San.ly,
wii L tu. view (if inducing blm to iii*^ejS"
ha knew about the workings of the Hro uepa t-
S Uni it wan Useless to attempt to “pump”
anyylilni:." or, at least,
wmiUl iwi viaco the rcßiimniWlity for the (lemer-
SirtH cthitluh oltho Xlro Derartmcnt where It
litlohgs.
Xl:* Synod #f ClcTeland—Hesttltttioa* »f
8;mpB(b)r far the Chicago Saffcrm.
To Vie Editor of The Chicago tribune
Sir: By special-resolution, tho- following ex
pression of sympathy and goodwill was extended
to all who liave Buffered by the Chicago Are. and
the Stated Clerk was instructed to forrarda copy
to Tub Chicago Tnistrans for publication.
Jakes Shaw,
Stated Cleric of Synod of Cleveland.
1
1 _
The members cf theSynortot.Clmtofl JjtrabraJ
with the eeepeat sorrow ot the tonlhlo
has Islil so largo portion ct the «lIT cmorm m
arhet. Octttoynig »o many live*, w>
fanctoarlea, and eo nwy two
place* of hn*lnew, and annihilated more than two
EiftndTtUUon.oi wraith. t SfJnSJSi??S
handrcd thousand
V<!r end of Bpirtt -Jn view .of allj w** a*™^-thwi
food, clothing. and *Jh« th«g» ab’U,<laatir
tt
Hirer Engine*,
To the Editor of CAwoflo Trttmne
g n i itavo tocn umuy Talunolo .suggestion,
in your columa-i In rcganl to preventing another
conflagration In oor city. Allow mo to add my
n'sny other.,' T -watched tho fire tram
MailJmin street bridge; d ,nm conylnoiid- tlret
onr treat orerilght ntho tuwtuf unr ?lrcDcptrt
nii.t wiih. Unit tli.-y remainial in tuu strung
f.trtv on the tWsr- SMe. where the ftroorlrinn’o l.
llad tUct*3lKCu,fay slcv of our engines orcii
cart side of the river, and managed properly, tha
flro could have been prevented from crossing,
the width of tho river cooled the air no
that they cr.nld have been worked to
at vantage. We cannot now remedy that
mistake; hat would it not ho advisable for our
authorities to hare contracted, eaj, three or tear
boat*, built of lion, with strong force pump* cmi
nected wltn their propelling engine*, to throw
several streams of water from porthole*, if nec
essary, to quench dreg tli.it nmy ocour in proxim
ity to the river 1 Our most viluabfe hnsfnest
property would not riwu bo dependent
wooden-roofed Water Works, or tho possibility of
orr \uiuUcd lake tunnel bernt: disabled, In c isi
iyf fire- Hy otnltfimr the tinsel and oraaiii-mt tout
make r.uv pres-cut llro very pretty to hvVi
at when on parade, tho liver engines, witi
their float?, need not bo very- expensive—
eav *I2XOO uucii. t\m.V»‘l»‘,rlU4 Viioo*
ruiVfr that ccnld he used f« throw water, ual
tt« abundant and iu*v« r failing snpo J y whicli
tht yv.i ouhl have, would they mt giva m >ro
Kiu*i»»ellen. »o v the nrro.mr of money luve-del*
thaneur Insert miriius, drawn by horses u»
parte of th** city within thrus squares from thr
fiver. It is *lllO they could ird bu used for ub nt
threemoiiUmof Ujo .tear, when Arcs arom.-it
frequent and «isa*lr«iis, bat, when th°y couhi bo
msi <1 at all, Iher tetvites could bo uiado of grcai
value.
EEAX. ESTATE.
XBffirmscuttt Filrd for Record on Priiay,
K or. 17.
Undivided 3*2 of c 1-2 of n 1-2 of Lot 7, Pis’ it
Wooiiv.iUo«kC4, See 7. 14, mth <fT.’icr prj;*cr
dulid Nov. 1C: cjU' i irtiTafton,s.V)OJ,
‘CovnKui hi, ITS it w of Holt >t. uf. 23x125 ff,
dated Nov. n; e«m.<!‘leratifn,4l.o"o.
rcrnclht :;s if. \v uf ifolc- u f, 23x123 ft, «I»;oJ
JJ«*v.34; ci iii-itli t.4lo*>,Sl.h>».
Lot 16. in J'U ek 1, vt J. Ilnli’a ro-«uliOivision
of Davis’ with improvements dated
yiiv. cousiili nutnn 4 42,5'*.
"Warren uv.; near Oakley sf, nf, 20x117 ft, with
dated Nov. W<; coxnMarutlun, *2,0.) i.
EtufcU*d fit, 75 ft uof Moliroc st, of, 20x125
ft, dated Nov. 16; consideration, $5,200.
Lot 7 in Week C 2, S».-ctU»i> 10. 32. 14, Uoing 23x125
ft, dated Nov. l'; re n-dderation, *&:o.
f ccoud fit. I* t wo* n e.-teni uv ana 0 iKloy st,
n f jfloxico it, dated Oct. 2t; i:oas!do«»tt«»u. ifJ.-t-'W.
Wcfitrrn av, Iwtwt cn Second and Lrx** st«, w r.
soxliviw ft, with HxltX- V, 8 1, on Erin st. m sama
-blccft; dated Oct. 21; consideration l.3l.o2o.
Lots 4 nuflfi, in Block 1, in Wilber and li’ifi--
fcarfa Mock 23. Sen 7. W>, 14; dated Aug. 5; coa
"*I f jarahc'*'sn iv nr Crosby st, cf, 25x123 ft; dated
Kov. 17; ccnsiilcnitio!i.sl.«io.
undivided i-i of Block 7 in Mortons oast I*2 nnrfc v
wcfitlL Sou. U,;w,-135 dated April 1. Coiiiider
n*Unri^yCstreeL opprrft* Sllrcrstrcet, nort'i front
25x1t0 feet with building; Gated Oct. li. Cun
nnith'rtnt on fmtarl” st.eer between Clark ael
Lnsclie Greets; dated Key. 11. O-n-.M-ratun,
SS £St =l, 111 Block 10 Wol.-otl-j Afl.Wlon.lv.lnsn
J on Outntio *t, between LaSalle an.l Clarks,*,
dutul 2?ov. 17. c:on-Menitl«;ii.«.o-o.
Lot in. nncl'» 20 fl I*»t 17 o! L“t.-b to to, m Ikoik
49 See 7 ro 14 lN>ln< h f oil W-/»t Wiuduutrtim st,
hclv.et n Ashland »v and Vaulina at; da.cd May
I.* Ccti-Moralion. s2*».(Kj»). tr>
Lol 18 of Lots 0 to H>, In TOncS 40. Soti.A 1
being af on NVusbingtoii between V--
Imul i:v and raullua tt, dated May I. Coua. leiw
’ll 'll orV:d•:V>Tl nca 40. in Eaton's Addl:i-ji,
duUd JuttuiS; eonsulcrntion, tiCW.
MaiW st. I’itwctii Mi-nroo and M:»ul?on «N,
TT f.4OMT, tt,dated ?av. 1; ejn*:deruttnu.
llmife and Jot. kimvu as 2fo. 276 \farrou av,
dalvdAVr. 16;
M»m It Oi* CITY tISUTi*.
Qji(x arrc.'wUh improvement*, in vr r.im«rnf
Lot::], in I‘iuo Grove, Uutctl Sept. 8;
xien, $5,0c0.
FOXTH OP CITY I IMIT-S.
LotMS,l6amKo in r>!u<‘k it *»f Trout C-l
--unirV p«; 2-1 Sc. 4. Z3, H, dutftl Z*o\\ 13: cons-d*
fiiUKU, 12,T-0.
l.ots! 6, 7 uml w h» Tiloofc p. In Day's n e 2-t ot See,
4, 14. «h*t« ri 2»ov. 1*; ctujj-Muration. <C JOj
I.i-t fo in lliovli. 3 m Trout O'ljnan’ssol-i
Sec 4, C 3, 11, ur.icil Oct. 1C; i»
Si,SCO.
A Ecrcprau •tjutrai of tlujldlu".
To t,\e JOdiUo' <V i'he th .oujo Trlhnn*:
Siu: Cl mi via;: yuir iilUonr.D aud corrcsp n I
r-i.cf hi ll:v -iT.Micrtant subject of rehab:::::;
ri.t. h> that the future city miy bo lit :;ll
tjvrts sin io-prt»v» iiM i.t on that naw ia r:irv,l
ofTt.r Tto fo!3oAYlntr fertile ma«M.;r:itiou or yoi;*-
fcdf a:;d ti c aumvious rtutlers of Tail
nit s', of hv»:n are pcidpualiy luU*rv>tinl in
.V:i i. ilrsr, ullovr mo to express m.*
rcsiorata
vcgre-t That permits liflvo In numerous ci
cr;.nti'd tor the im tl*m of building-* Id the b i~
<'l«trlef. which. It l-*> to bd feared. will pr*»v;» t
oti-TH. Iu to a weli-amimvd. <leUK»ntu*i
il.Mi.i k i'
Yvuhi »l i.ntb.TW* brt-ti YTa-r lux* t*ic P^U'y'V’
»»v n* have subtUutoJ t.*»at-ciiiporary.v;crl.i‘i
l‘V I:v d* 1 of a few months. and :h Tcpy K»v>
ii :i:ae2if.v4 s*iii‘y t»mauv’u tmd? p*n-s s
uv. r.vnUb’d the inevitable usU of lioallav- o*.
»ivssc:«d '■Hlldinr.'*. fxpv.vcd, dunu-.,' t.i‘ir f*\-
*u i:i ilvr, tu tho vicissitude o» wiutov, urn, t.,** I
jai'ciis tiu-c i* of rin.it 1 Cfoarmntty arc ba.U
:ni: .u baste U* ivpvut at Wire.**
r i;w plan wl'i’h I otl-.*r foubniplutcv a t’C n-
MiueiKU of tm* whole burnt alst/ift ».n a*vVi-.v:
adopted in lb« m’Y.ly-ou sir.-i in I*r.i U*:u /i I
wii-.th it, I believe, m pact boreov\f i oni. u
I’rvtch. Its nunn feature* ;l t o.i series oi t»*
Hive: rontMioas loiiidtuuinrd arrays. forarn: .‘.a
idevuird r.Uidv.av. ievcljvifh tin? main lUhm*.
U*e buildmcM lining tlio new a tie c
avtnuirt. The object* t;) v bo
trr, f.rat, a subway for t;io w.‘
radwav, with an up tiaefcon on.* side and d..v;i
*r» the other, and in the. mtormedutu apt J
tic wider gas lupins. telegraph-wire**,
ViruUs t« calry ctl surface-water rf mi n’-’O.e,
ami evtu towns, If m*c* &sary. It is c.uu’oa; »l
tlmt ilio nits* m vnteT-piws arc load tput-j tor
iV.c ilia hut Mipply of the city, notably iu o.ia.tc.
lire. ‘Without disturbing those already in u«;
new ximlLs could he laid cu the proscut lowl of
the meets, with the obvhuia advantage of b «;i r
nhv;«j*»K*-t-utal»*c loriep..i:s. »r for comieoMjua
to Ijcii'nde with ui\iu<*€Xib' A near ay.
tom of and lutcr.il hraacUes c-iaia oo
l:;hl in the same inamiox’; ntul the tch-v-trap i
\vlns, in&tc'ad of tho
i»n ÜBEitrUtly polca. would ho cut r
j-ii.hr, ami, at luc panic tuue, iinn.a. l i
from accidocts, and always convenient for au«r«-
tion-, cdcfitiuii**, or ri?i»ulrs, at an immense
(.f oxpt
of u I nuisance of bro<ct*u-.iy
Ktt cidK wt-uld. of ilscir.iro far toward couu*eo*»i
--h»« U r addiiloaiU lU>t c -bt. li 1-* V r,l lV it l i ia
the trade of tliu whole burnt district shoiiM *>o
Thms raised hy inc.iuo uf uro.us, and :i tt
i rorichcd fre in the nnhunit sections, by carnrvs
v.ayscn a grartual bloivi ou eitherdiuO- 1m u
trances to mo railway cntiar.oon for ia pa»vja
rert would be providcilby bt.urw .y3 at the ui.e
tcctlor di l tAc KtmdP. ilefidi-B having the
?trrrls iiUvbhU'Uvied by lUo-c necessary e*.* j
tlice.fU'ct-cuTP, there a:c Jnaum-rablc m Icu.d
adTi.ii’.ntiu* which vv!U n\ »tthems-lvis m.v r
ruulnv. Owners «sf hde iwW vn a iev«l
the rresent airocta \.U he 6 Vt.,
oxi ciibC of tica valine for .u
viulst Pilose having bnscmcn<fi cm ndJaao
Hour, aj'iinuclicMu front the now street by ‘t-p
and the lower babtiuent. or telbtr, "■Uwa.-i
--able lor heating nppiunius, bturagu oi c«cw. -V
otter alitiliar uses,. J.’revision could be niaus a--1
for dumping the dust and mud of the st«
iiropiT ihxough pipes to the suaway, wiimc«..«
c<.m*l bo rtinovcd by tho contmctjrs wl—* j
auuorenoe to rtdestrians.
ll wCuid he mUicidf, in tho compass of a sm;- n
letter.and v.itlmut drawing-, to show Ufv. ai
this could be accctcxdished; nut the writ* r n
tofnrulsu tough sketches, it desire 4.
from which plan* and estimate* could bo P‘
Mted by competent rnglucers. llltnoiic rrc--
Pfist-ing further on year yaluib.o space, i
will inf'iriy say that tlus J c M
.di'Ulitful tipenmciit scores of iijlfcs or sa a
Mibvraj'B arc. m existence m ““i 10
aielirtl root ot the MetioroUdm lv:u!ir.;r fq. u.3
SitciaSarorU:estreets, withtwo to throotwa
clrccl trains of steam ears runoins lieneath .to
in<r f arh d«T x andm tho ease of tno Ilolboru
duet, iu tlic snino city, —both of -which muss oj
fnnndar to many of yunr readers* To sjtua M 3
ecbemo may, neverihcless. appear vwioai-y
and unworthy of stcoml thought. -To tn3
writer It appears not only possible, but tho p.a-i
by which Chicago may arise from her aidic* tno
model city o< the world. 1 tnclobc my card. I
am, etr, yours truly, Miiio.
CUICOIiO, Kor. 14,
I’. h.—The cost of this plan will not bo so grea>
as may appear nt Urst eight. Improved syistcuia
of arch-< oustnictiou have reduced very
considerably.
Letter from Henri Kochcfori.
The London AVica of tho 27th nit. contains
the following letter from Henri Kooaefor** to
M. Albert July:
“Allow me, dear defender, to offer you an edi
tion ol tho Lanta'ne, formerly anpiwsed w Uavo
▼kldid me so much, and which imwcoafr* mo w
Soar. What most iliatrespe* me in theoalnmcus
nr all govts hurled against, not only me, but my
fondly, and even my children, is Uic thought t .ut
1 tee in them vague hope* of the resurrection
advnaaty thouchtto ho dead, and which I
xt-vuled to have burled. I fieo sprouting m all
mirSSu" lilcrwy and political muaV-.m*
v bib uniting but a laua;vrtist no 'id
««m'er l oally .-sp, ,-t to bear that Sapolton
llf returning to W* rightful domain, ho* P
clainitdnnnmucHty.a'Mt thatT, uCtqr being con
demned l*r a repuMie, Fluid exponent* «v bdli
more ttrrlblc doom of pardon by the empire.
A Jnrfiaau in Troablc.
rroai the Commerce (Ho.) Dbpaich.
Thoiraa >’iuiey. while iu tuwu too other day,
pnntoirs puioo liltlo ati:essltlfS_for Ul3 aji
i»ro;icl*iuc vcil.liufr. was nabbed by oaorlil An.ki*-
con ami mil upon the jury to deUtrudue tlio ca*o
of tho State vs. M*e. Jscwmun. woa on Tues
day. «ml on Wednot-day evening' xoiud w**
take place. TLotilal teuton and oeonyiod tlio
»lay and a portion of the niaht. Tue jury rotired
•to their room to decide. They v»cro diwdcd oa
the verdict. MpUt parsed away and still
SaHe iuvor held out. Wednesday
wcitiliiiir evening—\7ua appcinvclua--, fcul he »11.l
arriFCiiVr. His condition was terrible*. eon
aalmoKinoldseufferinge. Nerec wua a juryman
«r o re desirous of a difference aarl
SwderSica verdict, rba jury in the meaaUma
td S moDy appeals xa
woj'd but they 'srero as often re.umcd to tjojf
Finally. at oVlucV. tuo
JuflCT,vlio probablyJmew liowJt WB iaua-u,
dUcEarccd tLe Jury. som‘a Sag Vm ktaadiag
ready, paddled and bridled. Five miles lay bo
iwfUiTcm end the home of bla ufilanoed, wharo
Vwodd'uc party in leas than an hour bo
Trailing lor his appearance. If Tom failed to
make bis connection on time, It was because
horseflesh couldn't make it.
OtHperaleFiglit with RaU,
f rqm the JlaUlton (Wla.) Journal Nor. 15.
On Wednesday morning a boy about ten year*
oW succeeded by strategy In getting four or dvo
rat« into a Mnall upper room fa Folks* brewery,
on the South Side, from the apartment used fur
drying barley* He closed the door on thorn and
went at them with,a stick, when
thtr. turned upon him with the ferocity fjr
which this vermin la noted tinder such clreirn
stouces. They diimlo- repeated leaps up into Itls
fuco with a rapidity and savageneas which ho de
scribes as terrible,, nipping him on tho ehe*ks
and-übbutthoneck. Fur a while he succeeded in
pushing them away from his shoulders, anti urmy
times they bit bis bands and fastened tbo;r teeth
through his trowsers into his legs. They kepi
him so l;n?Uj on the defensive os to prevent: iiim
from seeking tho door, ami would soon
overp‘ Wcied him with their fierce, perddeu.
warfare; Ids shrieks for help brought thowor.-*
men to his assistance, who found him luafr
prnted lu many places; he fainted from ftig.it‘»n
being rescued. The rate ull cleared tho roam tco
iuMiiUtThodtniT wns opened.
NOTICE.
mclC*e Jhclr rwpwttve sitere*
W. 1871.
as
i