4
|fye ||rilmn£.
Terms ol SnbacrlDClom
DATABLE nr ADVANCE
Dally Edition, per year, ty hah. .$12.00
Trl-weekly Edition, per year, by hail. 6.00
Sunday Edition, per year, by mai1............ 2m
Weekly Edition, per year, by mai1.............. 2DO
Farts of a year at the same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sue and give Post
Office address In full, including State and county.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
poet Office order, or in registered letters, at our risk.
TEEMS TO enr 6UB6CIUBEEfIt
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Daily, delivered, Sunday Included, 80 cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15 Canal-fit., Chicago, HL
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 3, 1871.
OUR ENGLISH FRIENDS.
.In no part of tho world has there been a
more active or a more liberal exhibition of
interest in <-*•'-—nnd her people than
among tlio people of Engl.mn.
whether auyportion of tuo brntod States
Las slio-mi a deeper or truer sympathy for na
than the Brit.i«h Isles. Nearly everybody
there had a of Chicago. The humblest
me richest had been made acquainted
in somesort with the city ou the prairies,
which had grown so wonderfully, and was
the marvel of the age. To a large portion of
the English people Chicago was a kind of
promised land, in which they might hope to
join friends and kindred who had gone be
fore them. Chicago was known to them as the
granary of America,—tho great depot from
which Americans distributed food to all
countries. Though the most of the*n had no
very clear idea of the geography of Chicago,
they knew it was a city of many wonderful
things, a city to which many of their coun
trymen had gone, and where many of them
had become rich. All over Europe, in every
village and hamlet, whore there were people
whoexpectedto leave some time fur America,
the name of Chicago was familiar. It is not
surprising, therefore, that when the news
was received that Chicago was in ashes and
her people houseless and suffering, the
mournful fact attracted universal attention
and elicited universal sympathy.
In England, however, the action taken to
afford relief has been peculiarly impressive.
Money, clothing, blankets, and tools have
been contributed audforwarded with remark
able liberality. But the generous hearts have
recognized in the destruction of this city
something more than an occasion to feed the
hungry* clothe the naked, and shelter the
homeless. They know that there have been
other losses than tho destruction cf huild
ijTCSj of warehouses, and of goods. The in
tellectual classes of England readily under
stood that a great city like this had other
losses than of grain elevators and dwelling
houses. They knew that the libraries of the
city—those formations of slow growth, those
accumulations of successive lifetimes, were
not so easily restored, yet oi incalculable
loss to an intelligent and thoughtful people.
The same hands that sent us money to buy
food and clothing contributed to replace, iu
the form of a public library, the
irreparable loss of our many costly
collections of books. The value of such a
gift can hardly he estimated. It is another
chapter in evidence of the existence of an
universal brotherhood. It is a graceful
token of the tie that binds the English-speak
ing nations in literary labors. This last gift
will live forever in the history of the rebuilt
city. This contribution of books settles the
question of a free public library in Chicago,
and during all time, when that public
library shall be dispensing its benefits to the
people of this city, it will never he forgotten
that its foundation was laid in the generous
'«iwua of the authors and publishers of Great
Britain.
TETF. CIRCUIT OF TgE SOUL.
A French scientific writer, M. Figuier hy
name, has been constructing a theory of hu
man development in the hereafter, as Dar
win and others have done for human devel
opment in the heretofore. His
book thereon has been reprinted
in English at Boston, and de'serves notice as
a part of the current literature of the day.
M. Figuier is no mere idle romancer, who
makes a hook to sell. He has studied his
subject, and endeavored to make his theory
symmetrical, and to base it upon truths
which lie either in the natural sciences, or
in the instincts of man, albeit he has, (being
able to evolve his heaven and hell in great
measure out of the depth of his iuner con
sciousness), had a less toilsome job than
the mer. who plod through sjwclca and genera,
classes and families of the animal kingdom,
or dissect patiently atom after atom, and
film after film of creation under the object
glass of the microscope.
M. Figuier lost a beloved son, and became
thereby more than usually interested in the
problem of the future existence. Being a
“scientist,” his first recourse was naturally
to his vlogks. He found them inadequate,
and went to “interviewing” simple, unlet
tered peasants to discover the principles of
nature, as revealed through their instincts
and aspirations. From these sources, aided
by his own reasoning powers, M. Figuier
has constructed his singular theory.
According to this theory, mau has in him
three edements: body, life, and soul. Of
tLcac, nly the soul survives the phi’sical
death this part rises to a place in the ether,
beyond the atmospheres of the earth and
other planets, where it is re-embodied and
endowed with many new faculties. There
would seem to he, according to our French
man’s theory, a certain degree of life charac
terizing this second stage of existence; hut
it is much less than here—nothing of toil
iugor striving, nothing of eating or drinking,
nothing of Miss Phelps’ piano playing, and all
that fudge, and not oven any of the good old
orthodox conceit of singing psalms around
the throne of God, hut simply a beatific and
satisfied sort of existence, distinguished hy
the rapture which springs from a great In
flux of knowledge and by a condition of
floating about aud enjoying one’s self gen
erally.
The good alone attain this state at once;
the wicked, after death, arc disposed of
much after the manner of a had scholar at
school, who is commanded to do his task
again, for not having done it rightly at
first. That is, the souls which are
found imperfect in quitting their
earthly tabernacle are condemned to re-enter
ai,.-»ihcr body and go through again the
probationary or developing stage. As the
soul, thus recommitted, can have no recol
lection of any previous existence (hence of
the faults which entailed its condemnation
upon it) it must follow that the course of
many—indeed a majority—of human souls
toward the ethereal or beatific state must be
very much like that of the frog in the well,
or like that of the dull scholar who is con
tinuously relapsing to tho foot of his class,
m spite of his daily new-born hopes that ho
may, in the course of time, he rotated to the
head.
The habitat of the angel, (or, as M. Fignier
designates him, the superhuman), is, as al
rcady stated, in the space which lies beyond
the atmosphere of the earth and other plan
ets. This space is filled with an ether which
the theorist presumes to be pure hydrogen,
greatly rarified. In this the disembodied
and re-embodied spirit floats, and from it
imbibes its sustenance. As hydrogen itself
is fourteen times lighter than common air,
and as it must, at the localities described in
M. Figuicr's celebrated geography, be several
hundred times lighter, still the diet of the
“superhumanone” must be anything but
hearty: but this great leap from the gross
ness of the present life only shows how re
fined have become all the senses, and how
spiritualized the existence of the soul whose
career our theorist traces.
But it is in depicting the climax, or rather
the turning-point, of the arch-human’s ex
istence that the theory of M. Fignier be
comes really striking and novel. The arch
lmman, after several promotions (how many
the philosopher does not attempt to specify)
arrives at the final goal of existence, which
is Ihv Sun. There the perfected souls all
gather, having become “aflame; a breath
divested of all carnal alloy, and consisting of
ini elligcnce, sentiment, thought And tho
province of these pure and flaming souls is to
shine simply; to dart out to all parts of the
solar system (and, probably, throughout all
solar systems, though M. Fignier speaks of
no other but oars), and diffuse the
life principle throughout the an
imal and vegetable kingdoms.
Since,” says IrLFiguior, “the sun is the
determining cause of all organized life on
the earth, why may we not declare that the
rays transmitted by the sun to the earth and
the other planets are nothing more nor less
than the emanations of these souls? That
these are the emissions of pure spirits living
in aradiant star that come tousandthedwel-;
lers in the other planets under the visible
form of raj s
This is, indeed, a beautiful theory, the
system described being analogous to the
other beautiful systems, not so nonsensical,
noticeable throughout creation, wherein all
operations arc arranged in circles, or where
in life is propagated through death. It is,
moreover, a pleasant thing to im
agine that each ray of sunlight that
dances hither from its far off
source is a human soul, or a fragment of
such, come, like a pilgrim who has finished
his journey, to greet us, who are but ne\vly
set out, and to encourage us on our weary
way, and give help to other pilgrims still
farther down tho hill. To those who have
-•friends or kindred gone before, an accept
ance of M. ‘r-rgnici't, might bring
much distraction and anxiety, to kuuw
whether any of those bright messengers are
the soul* of their dear cues. But this anx
iety is dissipated by tho recollection that
it is only after souls have passed long pe
riods of time, or, rather, of eternity, in the
angelic or arch-angelic existences, that they
come hack to earth in this form; hence wo
may know that the sunny beams which
illuminate tho moats in our rooms,
or Quicken the cucumbers iuto life
in the spring, are the souls of
some ancient people who died
many thousand years ago, and who are no
more to us than the man in tho moon. So
we shall see them buried in a low vegetable
existence with less compunctions thauj if
they were our acquaintances or friends.
Iheu, again, M. Figuier supposes that his
sunbeams, or souls, gain their former high
status in creation by a process of gradual
development; but just what that
process is, he not, at present, pre-
pared to point out. It looks, from
the superficial standpoint of a layman,
as if tho soul, or sunbeam, which goes to
create the crimson blush upon the cheek of
beauty, was unduly favored above that
which burrows in earth to develop the same
turnip from which another recent philoso
pher has derived us all; aud, moreover, that
it is a pity to end a career so poetical aud
glorious in such an ignoble fate, even though
it he but a temporary purgatory. Never
theless. if Messrs. Darwin and Bastiau will,
for tho purpose of developing our Godlike
spirits from the clod of earth, write as fasci
nating treatises as M. Figuier has done for
the purpose of consigning us thither, we will
at least read their gossip, and talk the au
thors into notoriety.
TBE LECTURE BUSINESS.
The people of Chicago are patronising lec
tures much better this -winter than over be
fore. This may be accounted one of the
good results of the fire though it must be
confessed that the lecture courses -which have
bceuofiered for our patronage in past sea
sons -were such as it -were no great credit to
patronize. There are but few good lecturers
left in the field, so demoralized has the lec
ture business become during the past five
years, through the operations of “lecture
bureaus,” and the crowding forward of sensa
tional and clap-trap performers .upon the
platform; but the good ones who are still
before the public are nearly all to be heard
b3 T the people of Chicago during the present
season, There are two courses organized, of
which one, the “Star” course, can boast that
it has not a single clap-trap, or sensational
lecturer, upon its list. This organization
has already given us R. IV. Emerson, Johu
G. Saxe, Robert Collyer, Edward Everett
Hale, and R. J. De Cordova, of whom only
the last-named needed any introduction to
the Chicago public, and bo proved to bo not
only an actor and humorist of brilliant pow
ers, hut a thinker and reformer whose lec
ture was crowded with wholesome lessons.
These lectures, given in each of the two
.remaining divisions of the city, are
patronized hy audiences so large and so emi
nently respectable as to throw completely
into the shade all previous attempts at the
lecture business in Chicago. Indeed,the suc
cess of this lecture course is said to
eclipse that of any’-other season ever expe
rienced in any city. This sudden turn in the
course of public entertainments is attributa
ble, in a large measure, to the sudden loss of
facilities for giving first-class theatrical per
formances, and the superior cheapness of
the lecture; hut it is also no doubt, largely
due to the merit of the lecturers themselves.
In view of these facts it might ho asked
whether the fire had not, among its other
effects, brought out in the pop
ular mind an appreciation of
intellectual things which did not heretofore
exist, or which was latent, to say the least.
In proof of this, it might he cited that Emer
son, who has never drawn well in Chicago
before, and who lectured a few days ago in
Philadelphia to an audience of 200 people and
over 3,000 empty seats, filled completely the
large auditorium of the Michigan Avenue
Baptist Church, holding nearly 2,300 people.
It is a good symptom when hard, polished
thought attracts the public in this way—a
symptom for which wo can, perhaps, afford
to do without the clamor of the battle
drums, and the bewildering maze of ballet
and spectacle for a single winter at least.
BHIGEAM7OUNGDOM.
Brigham Young’s organ, at Salt Lake City,
in one of its belligerent articles against tho
evils of monogamy aud the foibles of repub
lican government, propounds the following
conundrums to the Gentiles, on account of
our proposition that Brigham and his eldors
should move on if they wish to continue
their polygamous practices:
Wc should like to ask for the first justifiable
reason for any such exodus being required of
them hy their enemies. We have never seen any
such reason and wo know of none. Why should
any such movement be required of them i Where
in exists the slightest necessity for such a re
quirement 1 Wherein the first principle of jus
tice?
This is intended to convey’ the impression
to sympathizing brethren that tho Gentiles
O*. c., the civilized people) of tho United
States are trying to drive the “Saints” out
of Utah because of their religion. Nothing
could be farther from tho truth. Nobody
wants to drive the Mormons away. On the
contrary, the people generally understand
that the inhabitants of Utah are an exceed
ingly industrious and quiet people. The
people of the United States feel, moreover,
that the population of Utah is numerous
enough, and its material condition far
enough advanced, to become a State, and
that it cannot longer continue a mere Terri
tory without presenting a needless
anomaly in our body politic, and hindering
the progress of civilization and democ
racy in the West. They* are aware that the
reason why Utah has not already become
a State with full immunities lies in tho oppo
sition of a certain Ring of so-called Presi
dents, who control the affairs of the Territo
ry and of its people in a way inimical to
the spirit of republicanism. Theyare aware,
further, that this unscrupulous Ring of Brig
ham Young and his “Presidents” both prac
tice and advocate, as a religious dogma, and
one which they propose, therefore, to Jfoist
upon civilization in spite of all civil laws
and moral sense, a system of bigamy such as
is regarded as criminal in all the existing
States of the Union. They therefore propose
that this Ring shall, before Utah can be
accepted as a State, either abdicate
their power, surrender their polygamy doc
trine {which is not a doctrine, but a dodge),
or else take themselves away to some more
remote quarter, where their infamous prac
tices would bo a less conspicuous scandal
upon thb nineteenth century than they now
arc. The people of the United States can
not aflbrdto cherish In their midst a State
which, in its every institution almost—from
the harem of the Grand Llima, Young, to
the Co-operative Mercantile Institution of
Zion”—flaunts defiance to our cherished
form of government, and to the moral sense
of our society. Hence the people desire
Brigham Young and his Ring (not tho people
of Utah generally) to surrender their oli
garchy nud their relics of barbarism, or else
move on.”
Connolly in jail I” There is a soothing, sat
isfying sound about this little phrase which
certainly does not come from any feeling of
vindictiveness in the .popular heart. It
arises, wo suspect, from a consciousness that
society is safe, when a combination of po
litical thieves of such power as these of the
Tammany Bing have hitherto wielded, have
been brought into such general contempt
that they cannot muster friends enough, not
even among tho hundreds whom they have
helped to enrich at the public expense, to
fumisb the bail required by tho law, and re
lease their late confederates from the rigors
of the jail.
And so Connolly is occupying a room in
Ludlow Street Jail. He is said to be practi
cally in solitary confinement at present.
For tliis last hardship tho people are sin
cerely sorry. They are willing that he,
though the first of tho -ring to surrender,
should suffer imprisonment; but they are
not willing that ho should suffer alone.
They want to see the others of the infamous
quartette hear him company. Nor is it prob
able that they will have long to wait, since
it was reported yesterday that several of
Tweed’s bondsmen have been taken with a
withdrawing epidemic which, with only a
little further spread, is sure to land tho
“Boss” in jail. At tho same time, it is said,
the toils are gathering about Hall and
Sweeney.
The Boston Journal states that strong ef
forts arc making in that city to have tho
present duty ou salt repealed. This is *a
highly commendable movement. Tho peo
ple of New England, it is hoped, will soon
learn that it is possible that taxes levied for
the benefit of a few interests in that section,
and which produce no revenue, may boas
irksome to the country generally as they
find tho tax on salt, and iron, and lumber to
be to themselves. Tho Journal states that in
consequence of tho tax onsalt “some $10,000,-
000 goes annually iuto tho hands of the salt
monopolists, while tho United States Gov
ernment receives in revenue from the collec
tion of the tax only $1,200,000 yearly.” Of
course, any other tax which operates in tho
same way must of necessity ho as unjust as
tho tax on salt. If tho Boston Journal will
examine tho report of tho Bureau of Statis
tics itwilliind that .during the twelvemonths
ending June 30,1870, there were imported into
the United States from foreign countries
woollen shawls to the value of $220,010,
mostly of tho expensive kind, for which a
revenue of $112,509 was collected, and that,
during tho same time, there were imported
blankets having a value of $1,520, upon
which a tax of $1,124 was collected. This
tax on shawls and blankets is prohibitory
upon all but the specially fine grades not
made in this country. Tho increased cost of
shawls and blankets to the American peo
ple, caused by this tax, is probably not less
than $20,000,000 annually. Two hundred
thousand pairs of blankets—the ordinary
blankets, in addition to tho regular supply,
—have been needed in this city alone as a
result of the iire. For each pair of these
blankets- our people have paid $2.50 more
than they would have had to pay were it not
for the tax imposed by tho tariff. Our
impoverished people, out of the scanty
proportion of their insurance money, have
paid $500,000 tax on their blankets, not one
dollar of which was received by tho govern
ment, and which is uearlyfivo hundred times
greater than the whole amount* of revenue
collected annually in tho whole United
States from tho tax on the article. The tax
collected of tho same people on shawls is not
probably less than that paid by them ou the
blankets. While our Boston friends are dc-
voting their energes to the removal of the
odious tax on salt, lettliom remember thatiu
this city alone, from the victims of the tiro,
nearly, if not fullj*, one million of dollars has
been extorted for tax on blankets and
shawls,—the whole of which tax has been
paid to the manufacturers of those articles.
Let them remember also that there are forty
millions of people from whom this tax is col
lected, and perhaps Boston may unite with
the country generally in asking that this ter
rible tax.Jwliicli yields no revenue, may ho re
pealed at the same time.with the tax on salt.
The Indianapolis Journal, in a double
leaded paragraph addressed to “capitalists,”
thus states an important fact:
Recent experiments have demonstrated tho
fact that Bessemer steel rails can be made in In
diana at u cost of from S2O to S3O less per ton than
the price of foreign rails deliTcred in New fork
city. Capitalists in Chicago are engaged In tho
fyllv of freighting Indiana pig iron ana Indiana
coal to that city, for tho manufacture of steel
rails, which cost $3 per ton more than if made in
Indiana.
.If Bessemer steel rails can bo mamifac
tnred in Indiana at an average of $25 per ton
less than they can he imported for, then the
duty on Bessemer steel is not needed to pre
vent foreign competition, and is collected of
the public as so much additional profit for
the manufacturers. The duty on Bessemer
steel may, therefore, bo reduced S2O per ton
■without breaking up the business either in
Indiana or Chicago, and tho reduction would
cheapen the cost of relaying our railroads
with steel rails, and consequently reduce the
cost of transportation. This important fact
having been thus brought to the knowledge
of the Senators and Representatives in Con
gress from Indiana, the country may, we
suppose, look t» tho earnest co-operation of
these gentlemen in having that tax removed
at tho present session of Congress. The re
peal of that tax would make a difference of
$20,000,000 or $50,000,000 a year in tho con
struction and renewal of railroads in this
country, and without any loss of revenue to
the government.
The delay which has attended tho prepara
tion and passage of a bill for the restoration
of land records in Cook County has been of
no little advantage to tho community. By
this delay we have been spared the infliction
of useless and vicious legislation. We have
been kept out of tho jaws of chancery. Wo
have been enabled to ascertain with some
clearness what wo do not want, and that is a
good deal. Many sales of real estate have
been made since the destruction of the rec
ords, and many loans have been effected
upon mortgage, without other evidence of
title than abstracts made or “brought
down” since the fire. Possibly a few weeks
more may disclose that our wants are nei
ther so numerous nor so pressing as wo now
consider them to be.
Wo publish elsewhere a letter from John
Borden, Esq., on this subject, which will,
undoubtedly, attract attention from the high
reputation of the writer as a real estate
lawy’er. The general drift of Mr. Borden’s
letter would indicate that, in his opinion, no
legislation is required. If the existing evi
dence of title (be tho same more or less) were
in a condition to bo preserved and perpetu
ated, and if the public had assurance that it
would not bo tampered with, probably no
legislation at all would bo better for us than
any legislation we are likely to get.
An enthusiastic individual, dese nting of
the future in the Memphis Avalanche, works
oft the following extraordinary prediction
The day is not far distant when the locomo
tive train will start off from Hludostan, and.
rushlngup by the Arabian Gulf through Persia and
Syria, burst through the gates of Suez; thence
along the southern coast of the Mediterranean,
leap or plunge under the Straits of Gibraltar;
thence up through the Pyrenees into Franco,
there meeting with another train that comes
thundering down the steppes of Asiatic and Rus
sian Siberia through Germany; meets a third
which emerges from the snow-capped peaks of
Mont Cenis, fresh from Italy, and a fourth
lust emerging from the earth underneath
‘the British Channel, from Dover
to Calais, and all rushing together to Point St.
Nazare, then hound across the Atlantic, ana,
landing at New York, Norfolk, Charleston, or
Brunswick, sets out again on its path up the Al
leghany slopes and down to this valley, where it
meets with a train laden with the spices and
silks of Japan, China, and the Corea Islands,
landed at Mazatlan or San Diego, and come thun
dcringnp this way, through Presidio, Del Rio
Grande, Austin, San Antonio, Jefferson, ana
Shreveport, to the city of Memphis.
We understand tliat tlio contractors of tlio
above-named road have partly consented,
after finishing their job, to undertake a
scheme for bringing Sheboygan into commu
nication with the world hy means of a tun
nel under Lake Michigan; their promise be
ing founded, however, upon the condition
that Chicago shall stay dead.
Astronomical.
The Government of the United States has just
issued, in very neat form, tho reports of tho
astronomers sent out from the United States
Naval Observatory to Europe, to witness the
solar eclipse of December 22,1870. These reports
contain much interesting matter, though tho ob
servations were materially interfered with by
unfavorable weather.
The moat important is that of Prof. 'William
Ilarkness, who has added much to our previous
knowledge of the constitution of the solar corona
TBE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 187iL
—tliat magnificent surrounding of the sun, seen
only during the total phase. The following are
his conclusions:"'
Tho sun ia surrounded by a rod hydrogen atmos
phere, wliich Tories In depth, Jiwt aa the corona does
The outline of this atmosphere ia broken by vast pro-
Inherences, corresponding to the rays or streamers of
the corona. These protuberances vary In position, ex*
tent, and number, fust as the rays or streamers do,
and mo sometimes brighter or fainter, depending upon
the temperature of the hydrogen composing them.
Just as the rays of the corona vary in brightness
The analogy is complete, and, It wo as*
sumo that the luminous gas composing the
corona Is ejected from the sun In the same manner as
the red prominences, all tbe observed parts will bo ac
counted for. Moist atoam Issuing from a boiler, at the
very moderate pressure of titty pounds nor square
inch, develops torrents of electricity. The best in
formation we possess, indicates that the hydrogen of
tho rod prominences Is bclchcd forth with a velocity of
about 125 miles per second, and it dnos not seem unrea
sonable to suppose that it may carry with it a little
spray. If it docs, then, Judging from analogy, the
friction of this spray against the mouth of the crater
from which it is escaping will probably generate olec
tricitv In quantities of which wo can have no concep.
tion. and it may very likely play some part In tho pro.
Auction of thelong streamers of tho corona. In con
clusion;
When seen in a clear sky the corona is a purely solar
phenomenon, produced by a vast body ofself-lnminous
gas—not improbably incandescent vapor of iron—
wliich envelops tho sun, and is erupted from it in the
same manner as tho red prominences.
A few days ago Professors Harkness and Hall
succeeded in obtaining a spectrum of Encke's
comet. Tbo spectrum consisted of two bright
bands on tbo green portion of the ribbon of light,
tho light being most Intense in tho middle of each
band, and shading off gradually toward tho
edges. The wavelengths were respectively 504
and 498 one-milllonths of a millimeter. These ob
servations tend to prove, what has been several
times asserted in The Tkibdnb, that this comet
consists simply of a cloud of gas, in a glowing
state, and contains very little matter. We have
stated it as probable that tho comet would scarce-
ly weigh a single ton if it could bo brought down
to a pair of scales on the earth’s surface.
RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE.
Episcopal Paragraphs—Programme of Ser
vices In the City Churches This Morning and
Evening.
Bishop Whipple, of Minnesota, will not spend
tho winter at tho Sandwich Islands. The rumor
grow our of a paragraph in an English paper of
last Juno, at tho time ho was tendered tho
Hawaiian Episcopate.
—Besides the iThanksgiving collections ordered
to rebuild Episcopal churches in Chicago, tho
Hartford Churchman says: We, and wo alone,
of all the Christian bodies in the land, have or
dered a collection at our altars for general relief,
which has been made and sent on very largely to
the public authorities.”
—A clergyman is about to deliver a lecture In
Michigan for tho benefit of sufferers by tho fire;
subject, “The Humanitarian on tho Half-Shell.”
—Tho Ecv. Dr. Ewer, the Ritualist who has
made a new departure from Christ Church, Now
York, to another edifice where tho congregation
are supposed to sympathize with him In his ad
vanced views, came on here two weeks ago and
distributed (with some laymen who came also) a
largo amount of charities to such ns were recom
mended to him by citizens here ns worthy.
—The Rev. C. F. Hoftman, of Garrison, N. Y„
desires information concerning the memory of
the Rev. Rennet, or Bernard. Page, tho Revs.
Samuel Haskins, Ed. I. Ives. James Sunderland,
Charles Tack, F. Peake, Ed. C. Bull, Ebenezer
Williams, and David E. Barr. Sir. Williams Is
probably the missionary to the Saint Regis In
dians, who was supposed to be the lost Bourbon,
written up so ingeniously by tho Rev. Mr. Han
son, in I'utnam's Magazine.
Divine service will be held, morning and even
ing, in St. Mark’s Church, Cottage Grove, at tho
usual hours. Rev. E. B. Tuttle, Post Chaplain, U.
S. A., will prcaoh.
—Rev. Dr. Locke will preach,morning and oven
ing, in Grace Church, Wabash avenue, near Six
teenth street.
—Tho ladies of St. James Church arc requested
to meet, on Wednesday morning next, at the resi
dence of George L. Dunlap and Perry H. Smith,
No. 1175 Prairie avenue.
—Rev. Charles Edward Cheney, rector of Christ
Church, Michigan avenue and Twenty-fourth
street, will preach at half-pas t 10 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. Tho morning sermon will ho ou tho Second
Advent, and the evening one to young men.
—There will bo evening service at 8t John’s
Church, Rev. H. N. Powers rector, and sermon
and boly communion at 3 p. ru.
—Rev. W. J. Johnstone, rector of All Saints’
ebureb, corner of Fourth and Carpenter streets,
will preach morning ami evening.
—Rev. Dr. Powers will officiate in the morning
at tho church of tho Epiphany, TUroop street,
near Adams, and administer tho holy communion.
There will bo no services in the evening.
—Services will bo held, morning and evening, at
the Church of tho Holy Communion.
The now chapel of the Now England Church,
corner of White and North Dearborn streets, will
bo opened at 10 o’clock in tho morning. The ser
vices will be conducted by the pastor, Rev. L. T.
Chamberlain. All tho congregation are specially
invited to attend the Sunday school at 3 p. m.
—Prof. Joseph Haven, D. D., will preach at tho
Wicker Park Church, near tho corner of Milwau
kee and North avenues, at 10:30 this morning.
—The Rev. Dr. Cracraft will preach in tho Oak
land Church, morning and evening.
—The publishers of the Cynosure? the anti-
Mason organ of Blanchard Co., of this city,
sent live hundred copies of that journal to the
National Council of Congregationalism, at Ober
lin, Ohio, for free distribution, but the sheet was
closeted by tho advice of President Finnoy, who
is himself an anti-Mason.
—Rev. William Alvin Bartlett, pastor of tho
Plymouth Church, will preach at half-past 10
o’clock in the morning.
UNITARIAN.
The Rev. C. A. Staples will preach in the Third
Unitarian Church, corner of Laflln and Monroe
streets, this morning. There will bo no evening
service.
—Tbe congregation of tho Church of the Mes
siah will convene at Standard Hall, corner of
Michigan avenue and Thirteenth streets, at 3
o’clock In tho afternoon. Rev. Robert Laird
Collier will preach, and the public are invited.
l The members of tho Fourth Unitarian Society
will hold services in Murray Chapel in tho even
ing. Rev. C. W. Wendte is tho pastor.
—The Fraternity of the Third Church, corner of
Laflm and Monroe streets, will give an entertain
ment in tho parlors of tho church next Thursday
evening, assisted by tho teachers and scholars of
the Sunday School. Tho programme embraces
singing and tableaux by tho children, and Buck
stone’s comedy of “Breach of Promise.”
There will bo preachinginthc Centenary Church
at 10:30 a. m. and 7;30 p. m., by tho pastor, Rev.
Dr. Fowler.
—Regular services will be held at tho Grant
Place Church morning and evening; Rev. E. M.
Boring, pastor.
—Rev. Dr. Thomas having returned from his
collecting tour in the East will occupy his pulpit,
corner Park Avenue and Robey street, morning
and evening.
Tho Presbytery of Chicago will hold an adjourn
ed meeting at 10 o’clock on Monday morning in
tho lecturc-rcom of tho Second Presbyterian
Church,corner of Wabashavenuo and Fourteenth
street.
—The new church edifice just completed by tho
First United Presbyterian Society, at tho corner
of Paulina and Monroe streets, will bo dedicated
to-day. In the forenoon the sermon will ho
by Rev. Joseph R. Carr, D. D.. of Pittsburgh, and
in the evening by Rev. D. A. Wallace, President
of Monmouth College. Tho other services will
he participated in by Rov. A. G. Wallace of Pitts
burgh, Secretary of the Board of Church Exten
sions, Rev. S. M, Ramsey of the’Reformed
Church, and the pastor J. M. Baugh, A cordial
invitation is extended to tho public.
—Prof. Swing will preach at 10:30 this morning,
at Standard HalL
The synagogue; corner of Wabash avenue and
Peck court, having been generously placed at tho
disposal of tho parish of St. Paul’s Church (First
Unlversalist) for Sunday use, the religious serv
ices of tno-parish will he held hereafter in that
place. Tho congregation will assemble this
morning at 10 1-2 o’clock, Tho Simday School
will meet at closo of morning worship. Meeting
for prayer and conference on Wednesday even
ing at the same place.
—Bov. O. F. Safford will preach at Murray
Chapel, on Indiana avenue, at 10:45 a. m. Subject,
What tho Fire Has Taught Us.”
—Rev. J. S. Dennis will preach this morning in
the Church of tho Redeemer. No evening ser
vice.
Bov. M. M. Parkhurst, of Grace Church, will
S reach In tho Second Baptist Church, corner of
[onroe and Morgan streets, at 7:30 in tho even
ing.
—Rev. C. D. Noble will preach at 11 a. m., in the
Church of the Now Jerusalem, corner of South
Park avenue and Thirty-third street
—The Young Men’s Christian Association will
hold a meeting this evening in their now chapel,
comer of Harrison street and Centro avenue.
Rev. B. Frankland, Dr. Pollum, O. E. Moore, and
others will speak.
—Mrs. Mattie H. Parry will lecture boforo tho
Children’s Lyceum, at 12 m.. In tho West Side
Opera House, corner of Randolph and Jefferson
streets.
—There will be preaching, at 10:30 a. m. and
7:30 p. m., in the Church of God, corner of Warren
avenue and Rohoy streets. Rov. A. X. Shoe
maker is pastor.
—The Rev. C. A. Staples will preach in his own
church, this morning, in tho afternoon at Murray
Chapel, and in tho evening at Mr. Davis’ house,
Orchard street, near Fullerton avenue.
—The first of a course of free lectures, under
tho auspices of tho Young Men’s Christian Union,
will he delivered at Standard Hall, this evening,
by Dr. Ryder. Ho will bo followed by Rov. Dra.
Sullivan, Ewing, Bartlett, Powers, and others,
whose lectures will bo duly announced.
—The members of tho Now Christian Church
mission and tho Bible class will meet at Green’s
Hall, corner of Lake and Wood streets, at 2
o’clock this afternoon. The subject to bo dis
cussed is The Incarnate God.” All who would
like to learn the so-called Swcdenborgian views
of tbe Lord Jesus Christ are invited to attond
—The Rev. James Harrison will preach this
morning in the Mission Building, on Ashley ave
nue near Hoyne street.
—Louisville is tho latest city to unearth a ring.
The authorities have issued #150,000 in bonds to
build a jail, and the place only cost half that
sum.
—A maiden lady of Chester, South Carolina,
was rohhed of what little money she had at an
early hour one night recently. Later in the night
three men knocked at the door, and, upon being
admitted, returned the entire amount.
—Some time ago, it will bo remembered, the
Emperor of Russia issued an edict admitting Jews
into the civil service of the empire, under certain
conditions. Following close on the heels of this
reform comes up the question of their ad
mission to the rank of officer in the
Russian army, a worm discussion
over which is now pending in the Reorganization
Committee of St. Petersburg. The majority
seem to be o$ the opinion that the consideration
of the measure ought to bo postponed until the
other experiment has been fairly tested. A num
ber of members of the committee urge, however,
that at least Jews who hare gone through the
University course should be recognized as quali
fied for the rank of officers, as the national and
religious prejudices of the Jews usually disappear
under the influence of education. Tho question
is not yet decided.
EPISCOPAL.
CONGREGATIONAL.
METHODIST.
PRESBYTERIAN.
ENTTERSALIST.
MISCELLANEOUS.
THE GREAT FIRE.
Continuation of the Investigation by the
Board of Police.
Examination of ftre Marshal Williams and
His Three Assistants.
The Police and Fire Commissioners resumed
their investigation yesterday morning. Tho first
witness was Sergeant Charles French, who gave
a general statement of his* experience on the oc
casion, without throwing any more light upon tbo
subject. Thomas Ockolby, night Superintendent
of the South Side Gas Works, was called. Ho saw
a largo brand fall upon tho tar house, and fire
immediately broke out on the South Side. The
flames spread rapidly, and so fearful was he of
the destruction of tho Eas Works that he opened
the valves to send the supply to tho North Side.
He opened* them himself. A fire engine
was playing on* the corner, and he went to tho
pipemen and asked them to play on the works*
but they refused to do so. They allowed him .to
use tho lead of hose himself. His testimony was
essentially that of Messrs Peter and Thomas
Burtis, given a day or two ago.
CHARLES G. WICKER
thought the blowing up of buildings was abso
lutely necessary. Tho fire could uot have boou
checked without blowing them up. Ho believed
it was owing to the efforts made there by the
Mayor,* Commissioner Sheridan, and those who
were with him on Harrison street, that the lire
was checked at that point. Michigan Terraco
could have been saved with another engine.
ISAAC L. MILLIKEN,
cx-Polico Justice, said tho depot of the Rock Is
land Railroad was full of passenger cars, which
might all have been saved if there had been any
railroad men there. There were no switch en
gines there at all, nor railroad employes.
SERGEANT LOUIS J. LULL
was called and testified, but his testimony con
tained nothing now. Tho fire was finally checked
on Hamsonand Congress streets, between U and
12 o’clock on Monday.
Tho board then took a recess till 2 o’clock.
Tho board again got to work in the afternoon al
2:40 oftlock.
MATTBENNER
then made bis statement. He Is Third Assistant
Fire Marshal. There were many of the engine
companies which worked on the Saturday night
flro for eighteen hours. Ho told the Economy's
foreman to go to the north of DeKovcu street
and left one stream in the rear. He went to the
Little Giant's stream, and found it east of Mrs.
O’Leary’s cottage. In passing to the bam he
was compelled to tear down a fence. From this
Solnt for a long time the statement was super
uously tedious, dry, uninteresting, and irrele
vant. Mr. Moore wanted him to go away from
where he was stationed, but he thought it better
to stay. When ho thought the fire was
chocked on the corner of Fornuor and Cana
streets, ho learned that another had broken out
on the south side of Forqucr street, west of
Canal, at the back of Pat Mcßride’s. He went
into the house and found all the furniture re
moved the bed tick emptied ou the floor, and the
straw and hay set alight. He determined to save
that building. As soon as ho could move the en
gine with safety ho did so, and ordered MoLoan
to put a plug stream on the hydrant that the en
gine had left. Ho crossed the river by Twelfth
street bridge, and found a large frame building
on the corner of Harrison and Clark streets
on lire. It was a Jewish synagogue.
Ho found it was lath and plaster
and it was impossible to put the lire out. Mr.
Carter Harrison got an axe for him, but ho saw
it was useless, and told the foreman of the T. B.
Brown to remove his stream and wet the sur
rounding buildings. Ho met Schank, and said he
was going east. Ho went down to Congress
street, and. on coming back, found the Brown
still at work on Fourth avenue, near Harrison
street. His statement thereafter contained
nothing other than what has already been pub
lished. Tho Long John was the only engine sent
to tho South Side. The foreman had been ex
cused, to look after bis sister. A judicious in
quiry as to what money he received elicited tho
following facts; Mr. Ryerson. foreman, paid
money to some parties. Ho paid Benner
(tho witness) *300: he made “presents”
to the Little Giant, Wabansia.J. B. Rico, Jake
Rebm and Sherman, tho foreman (John McLean)
and two foreign companies. Ho gave two com
panies S3OO apiece— the Giant and wabansia. The
rest received 5200 apiece. There was no under
standing for any special services to bo rendered.
Ho could not understand this generosity on the
part of Messrs. Ryerson A Co., except that they
were -aved from being burnt out. He did not
think this generosity had anything to do with tho
retention of South Side apparatus on the West
Biac. The foreman of the lumber yard said “Matt,
you look after us, won’t you!” and Benner said
“all right.” Ho saved Ryerson’s yard from being
burned. None of tholr lumber was destroyed.
Ho did not know of any city engines forcing
water from the West Bide on the South Side coal
yards. He could not state how long the Waban
siu remained on the West Side. It might have
been until Wednesday; he could not tell when the
Long John went back to the South Division. Ho
did not see an order signed by Commissioner
Sheridan, directing four engines to go down to
tho |loko shore and pump water into the city
water mains. It was an uncommon thing
to receive anything for extinguish
ing Arcs. Only once he had
received money, and that was $3, for doing his
duty. Ho supposed tho foremen divided the
money among their men, but didn’t ask anything
about it. The only money he heard of being
offered was by a man owning a building on the
southeast corner of Jefferson and DcKoven
streets, who was offering #2OO to any man who
would save his building. He believed several
parties contributed to tho $2,100 distributed by
Sir. Ryerson’a foreman, among them the dock
companies. This witness occupied one hour and
a half, his remarks being brought to a close at 4:10
o’clock.
LORENS WALTER,
Second Assistant, went down at the second alarm.
The Water Works had a composition roof. His
hopes wore that the wind would die away. Ho
concluded at 4:30.
JOHN SCHANK,
First Assistant, was allowed half an hour to tes
tify. His statement has already been published
in Thb Tribune. Ho considered it his duty to
move tho Bock Island cars. It was Ms duty to
send for engines, and did so, but they didn't come
around, and he didn’t know what else to do. Tho
buildings on Sherman street, from Taylor street
north, wore on fire. A pile of lumber
opposite the Michigan Avenue Hotel, caught fire
and threatened tho building. One engine at tho
foot of Taylor street would have saved some
buildings. The blowing up of buildings on Har
rison street did good. An offer was made to tho
Brown’s men, at the corner of Harrison and State
streets, by Mr. Mendel, of #SOO, If they would save
his building. They didn’t save it. Ho didn’t re
member that Williams told him “togo to h—l,”
as Sweeny stated. His testimony was brought
to a close at 5:02.
ROBERT A. WILLIAMS,
Chief Fire Marshaled not know anything of the
origin of the lire. Ho did not go down until tlio
second alarm. He did not go to bed till 7 o'clock
on Sunday morning. He crossed Randolph street
bridge, and went down Desplalncs street. hen
ho cot to Harrison he found ho had gone tho
wrong way, and had to drive to Hoisted street,
thence to Taylor. Two houses, two barns, and a
lot of little outhouses were on tiro. There was a
regular nest of fire there. Ho encouraged the
boys, saying, “Hang on to her, she’s gainingon
us.” Tho Illinois being short of men he helped the
boys with their pipe. It was hot. He ran to
the oast side and saw the America hose. Tho
buildings were smoking and ready to light. Dor
sey was then sent tQtum in a second alarm.
Before they could get tho water on the building
it was tut off. He found tho foreman of the Wa
bonsia had dono it. Before it was on again tho
whole centre of the block, between Taylorand
Forqucr streets, was on fire in about a minute
and a half. Four streams were on Ewing street,
and ho thought it was all stopped, when tho
church got allre. That was three blocks away.
Tho wind was blowing so hard ho know he could
not throw a stream there. Accordingly ho
gave orders to have the longest ladder up.
Sweeny came up and asked him what to do. Ail
the near plugs were occupied, and ho had not
hose enough to take any other. He told Sweeny
to do his best. Tho ladder No. 1 was broken in
half and lying on tho ground. The smoke was
very dense. Sweeny said ho could get on tho
flat roof of a house and play on tho church. Tho
steeple dropped right down Into tho church.
There was a drug store on tho corner of Clinton
which took flro several times. Ho went down to
Batcham’s mill. Tho yard was full of sharings,
and the tiro fell thicker than any snow
flakes. and the mills caught soon after
ward. On hearing of tho fire on* the
South Side he went over by Madison street bridge
and began working north of the Gas Works. His
statement differed in no way from that published
in The Thibcne, or the testimony of Mr. Hildreth
and others, (except in length.) When the Water
Works burned ho gave up all hopes, and meeting
the Long John boys who told mm their engine
was burnt, ho set them to work to savo his piano
and carpet, and his $46 stove until It was too hot
to stay. He was on tho corner of Lake and Mar
ket streets, when some one told him the flro
would cross to tho North Bide. He
sent tho engines to the North Side.
Tho Northwestern Railroad people asked him
to savo their depot. Wliilo working there ho saw
a great blue mass rolling down on them, which ho
subsequently found out to be chemicals from the
telegraph battery. Ho could have saved tho
depot if the water had not given out. He was
satisfied that, if the Water Works had not been
destroyed, the fire could hare been checked on
the South Side. Ho did not know what kind of a
roof the Water Works had, or what facili
ties there were there for extinguishing fire.
Mr. Cregier’s assistant told him that they
had some hose there but no pump.
The water was obtained from an adjoining plug,
but the pressure from a plug was only absut
twenty pounds. But for the destruction of tho
Water Works tho fire never would have gone
west of Wells street. Cisterns in the streets
would have been of great value. They had often
been recommended, bo, also, would fire hydrants
connected with the river. Ho had recommended
a floating fire engine, when he was made chief.
The board had asked an appropriation of $2,000
for a floating engine, capable of throwing a
dozen streams, with a regular house.
Ho had seen the river frozen up so that asteamer
could not move about three months, but oven
then tho steamer could he located where the
most dangerous fires were likely to occur. Ho
did not think the fire apparatus was aufliciently
large to protect the city. He believed they had
homi very successful in extinguishing fires. Cin
cinnati had 21 engines ho believed. Some of their
engines were more powerful than those hero, hat
bethought smaller and lighter engines wore more
serviceable. If a fire had the start of one, they
had to work hard. Tho success of the Fire
Department In this wooden city was attributable
entirely to their promptitude and alacrity. A
number of companies were tired oat with their
exertions on tho previous night. Ho went round
to several houses on Sunday, and found the men
sober Many of them looked pretty hard. Their
eves were bleared. Some people might think they
were tipsy, hut ho didn’t. Some may have been
taking a drink. They wore not in very good con
dition for work. He saw a num
ber of citizens around tho fire who
were tight, but bo didn't like to turn citizens
out because they got down on a company who
would do that. Ho saw several citizens with
flro hats on, who were tipsy, and so the im
pression got abroad tliat the firemen were in
toxicated. The firemen found their hats hot
sometimes and laid them aside. He did not op-
prove of that conduct. He had ho recollection
of seeing Schank at the flre on the West Side.
The witness concluded at G;23
The board then adjourned till Monday morning
at 10 o’clock.
THE HON. W. B. OGDEN’S VIEWS.
On the Questions of Fire Limits, and*of
Railroad Depots and £ntrances into
Chicago.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Snt: After an absenco.ol sozuofivo weeks among
the mins and ruined people of Peshtigo, in efforts
at reconstruction and restoration, 1 find, on my
return to Chicago, tbo questions of the city fire
limits and of railroad depots, and other matters
growing out of our great flie, attracting, very
properly, considerable attention. Chicago has
had tho singular good fortune, thus far in her re
markable progress and interesting history, never
to Lave made any capital or important
publio.. mistake. She has now
been overtaken by an unparalleled
and grle ons calamity, which arouses a more in
tense feeling than ever in tho tom hearts of all
her good citizens, whose affection for their be
loved city—emphatically of their own creation—
has always been so gr&t, and they arc now more
than over solicitous that all bet future efforts at
restoration and progress shall be equally wise
and fortunate with the past.
Thus far, tho public action since the great fire
bus been singularly wise and fortunate. The sym
pathy so emphatically expressed by our excellent
Governor, in his Immediate call for a special ses
sion of tho Legislature for our relief; and tho
prompt and lust restoration by the Legislature
of tbe State, at that special session,
of three millions of tho money
expended by the' city in deepening the Illinois
and Michigan Canal; and the wise provision made
by the Legislature for the application and use of
that fund, limiting it to the payment of interest
on our city debt, and to the restoration of public
buildings and bridges as they wore before tbe
lire, thus protecting tho city’s credit amply, and
preventing onypainfulond unfortunate schooling
for change, wore noble, generous, and highly pro
tective acts, for which our heart ful thanks and
lasting gratitude are eminently due, not only to
tho Governor and members of the Legislature,
but to tho entire people of the State whom they
represent.
The commendable and becoming action of the
citizens of Chicago, in tho midst of their trials
and afflictions, in laying aside party considera
tions in theta* late municipal election. and agree
ing, Irrespective of those considerations, mainly
upon a selection of our best men to administer
the affairs and manage tho finances of the city in
this crisis that Is upon us, was also eminently
wise and creditable, and not only was highly ad
vantageous to all our best interests at homo, but
gladdened tho hearts and commanded the respect
of tho millions of good people, throughout
the civilized world, whose sympathies in our
great misfortune have been so anlversally
aroused and so touchingly expressed in every
way, and whoso bountiful contributions to our
aid and relief, so far exceeding anything that tho
worliLbaa ever before seen, nos laid us under
correspondingly great obligations, always to bo
cherished and remembered.
Naturally, after such suffering from fire as has
befallen us, we are all keenly sensitive and anx
ious that every precaution should be token that a
calamity that nas destroyed so many happy
homes and hopes, and entailed such wide-spread
sorrow, shall not be repeated; and wo very prop
erly look about ns for a better manner of build
ing, and bettor materials to build with, and have
a desire that wooden buildings and sidewalks
shall not hereafter be permitted.
Whenever commercial and important business
operations are to be carried on, and tho questions
of rent, insurance, fmd safety of valuable goods,
papers, and other things, are involved, the inter
ests and income of every lot-owner and builder,
warned ns bo has now been, will abundantly
prompt him to build bettor and safer than ever,
so far as ho is at all able to do so; and judicious
official action, compatible with existiug circum
stances and possibilities, might well ho taken now
to secure such results.
Tho case, however, seems to me to bo widely
different in regard to dwellings not in imme
diate contact with places of business.
Tho capital and available means of
a great many of our business men have
been sadly reduced by fire and unavailing Insur
ance. To use any portion of their remaining
means in building dwellings still farther reduces
their impaired business capital, now more than
ever important to their credit, success, ana re
newed prosperity. It does not materially affeot
the question of the manufacturing, mercantile,
and commercial capacity andhosiness of Chicago,
or its progress and expansion, whether the men
engaged m conducting these affairs live in small,
cheap wood cottages, and houses quickly
erected and got ready for their houseless families
to occupy, or whether thoy live in elegant brick
and stone mansions of larger cost. The differ
ence is mainly one of personal comfort to them
selves, and does not affect their public or private
usefulness, efficiency, or success as business men.
But costlier brick or stono edifices, with flro-proof
roofs and cornices, wonld materially affect the
usefulness and success of those whose means
have been reduced by flro, if tho cost of such
dwellings impairs still more the capital now so
much needed, and so generally Indispensable to
success and the restoration ox lost fortunes.
Wo made our money generally in Chicago while
living in cheap wood houses and stores. As soon
as wo were able we moved them back, and re-
built of brick, stone, and iron.
I apprehend it is wise, if not inevitable, in the
burnt district of residences, chiefly on tho North
Side, that this he allowed to be done again.
The effect ota restriction to building of brick
and stone, and of stono sidewalks, in the
f eater part of that district, could not,
think, fall to largely depopulate it.
Such action and effect would not only prove to bo
Chicago’s lirst groat mistake, but would be a
great wrong at tho same time. It would be
as much os to say to thousands who own lots, but
have lost everything else by tho Are, You-must
rebuild of brick or stono, or, If too poor to do that,
can have no house at all; thus adding perma
nency to their otherwise temporary misfortune
and destitution.
If the people are left, in districts heretofore
occupied chiefly by residences, shops, and small
stores, to rebuild of wood or brick, us their means
will admit, they will thrive; and, as their, ability
increases, they will move off their wood
tenements as heretofore,—still occupying
them, however, until they have built anew npon
tho old sites, of brick and stone. This, we all
know, is the process by which Chicago had at
tained her eminence before the Are, and it seems
to me clear that her burnt districts, except in tho
heart of the commercial portion of tho city, must
of necessity repeat that process. If left free to
do so, the retarding effect of the tire to the on
ward progress and growth tff Chicago, and
to the magnitude of her transactions, will,
I apprehend, be essentially overcome by
the end of another year; and, when
the census of 1875 is taken, and tho population
and the commercial statistics of that time are
presented to tho public,they will probably show,
notwithstanding the grave calamity inflicted up
on us by our recent unparalleled conflagration,
which will long leave behind it many blighted
hopes and broken fortunes, and will entail life
long sorrows upon many of that goodly company
of energetic, hopeful men who struggled on so
manfully and joyously together to make Chicago
what it was—that,so far as tho increase of tho pop
ulation and tho business of Chicago is concerned,
scarcely a trace of its effects will remaia or bo
perceptible in the census and statistics of 1875.
Tho country behind us—the great Northwest—
which made Chicago, and forces her on, from
year to year, more and more rapidly, is not, ex
cept in her sympathies for our great loss, affect
ed by the Chicago fire, and her borders were
never being extended so fast, so broadly, or so
far, by railways, by settlements, improvements,
and added people and wealth, as now: and Chi
cago’s future and “manifest destiny” as a great
metropolitan Western city was never so assured.
Throughout a majority of the rears of Chi
cago's existence wo Ihcd and done business
mainly in wood buildings. In them wo suffered
more or less from occasional Ares, some of which
were quite severe; but our greater and moro
destructive Ares have taken place since we have
changed our structures largely to brick and
stone,—at times originating In such unproved
buildings, and of tho better class. It is only on
?ho ground of general necessity, however,
that tho construction of wood buildings
should bo freely permitted. Since the
Are, that necessity, unhappily, urgently
exists; and it is to bo hoped, therefore, on fur
ther consideration, thatour City Council, yield
ing to such may not for tho present
make the effort to prohibit their construction.
Should such prohibition bo attempted now, it
must, of necessity, force many of our greatest
sufferers by the Arc—to their personal injury, and
to tho great injury and depreciation of their real
estate, if theyhave any, and to the injury of Chi
cago_to leave it and And shelter elsewhere for
their destitute families. Such action would be
so unlike Chicago that I cannot believe it will be
entertained after due consideration and inquiry
into the necessities that now surround os.
Another subject of interest, especially to the
South Side of our city, and also more or less af
fecting tho interests of tho North Side, and to
some extent the entire city, is the question of tho
occupancy of portions of the Lake Bark front, on
tho cast side of Michigan avenue, south of Ran
dolph street, for a Great Union Railway Passen
ger Depot. In order to accommodate the passen
ger traffic of the Michigan and Ulinois Central
Railroads, and of tho Chicago, Burlington «fc
Quincy Railroad, its branches, extensions,
and connections, and, perhaps, of the Baltimore
Ohio, and maybe other railways when thoy
reach Chicago, as they ore soon destined to do.
the three Arst-named companies have obtained
the passage of laws authorizing the occupancy of
S options of tho Lake Park front, between Ran
olph and Monroe streets, at a price named in the
law, to he paid to tho city. Some occupants own
ing Lproperty fronting on this portion of Lake
Pars object, and claim a right in it, and demand
a consideration for relinquishing that right, I
understand.
So bcautiiul a street as Michigan avenue was
capable of being made, had all the land and lake
in frent of it been preserved to its use. and ar
ranged to contribute to its beauty, I don't know
that any other city has; and it is much to be re
gretted that its beauty could not have been fully
developed, and tho avenue permanently main
tained as a chosen spot as a promenade, and for
beautiful residences.
Railways, however, have, for a long time, had
Eossesaion of Michigan avenue, and commercial
uildlngaare rapidly taking the place of dwell
ings upon it, and its utter and inevitable sacrifice
to purposes of trade and commerce can no longer
be questioned.
This disposes of the former desire and ambition
to preserve it for elegant residences, and raises
the question ns to what most enhances, or de
tracts from, tho value of this property for com
mercial uses.
in muh connection, and without reference to the
question of tbe validity and extent of tho interest
of adjacent owners in the proceeds of-any sale
of this property (a claim to an equitable interest
In whlcn would at least bo very natural), it will
be generally perceived and admitted, I tblnk, that
a Grand Union Passenger Depot there, to accom
modate the great roads mentioned,—with freight
depots on the present old depot grounds neces
sary to their traffic and transportation,—would
add immensely to the value of all the property
npon, or In the vicinity of, this Lake Park front;
indeed, wonld be of the first importance to tho
commercial character and value of the whole
South Side, and the withdrawal of such depots,
travel, and trade to other quarters, would be
about the severest blow that could well bo in
flicted upon it. Indeed, the high value and price
of property in that vicinity now aro due, in a de
gree, to the confident belief that all these
things are surely secured to them.
These railroad companies have long been strug
gling and contending for a permanent, grand and
liberal Union Passenger Depot there. They may
have been censurable, possibly, to comp extent,
for their acts and efforts to secure their desired
objects. But I do not propose to inquire now
whether they, or tho real estate holders, have
been in all things right or not in their differences;
such differences are natural, and to bo expected
in like circumstances.
What I desire is to draw tho attention of tho
people, of the commercial portion of the South
Side especially, to the vital importance, to them.
or yU idJm: nil leeser considerations possible, and
making of flic permanent establishment o'
these depot-, -k* iu, imrtant to their business, and
to the present and prospective value of their
property.
In the midst of the intense present occupations
of the business men of the South Side. I appre
hend the danger of the possibility that they may
lose these depots, or lose all but the lUhi'-i* Cen
tral, and possibly its passenger depot, has not
properly impressed itself and Its consequences
upon them.
lie South Side has fairly earned, and is folly
entitled to. the pre eminence she occupies, at
least until fairly outstripped in her progress by
the greater effort and progress of other portions
cf the city; and I should deeply grieve to sec her
meet ■with such a serious misfortune as the loss
of the proposed Union Depots on Michigan ave
nue front would prove to be to her. She could ill
afford such a loss, especially at this time.
It is from some apprehension that her position,
possibly, In regard to tho certain maintenance of
the termini of all these roads where they now
are, and of the addition o£ others to them, may
not be as well assured as is desirable, or sis they
may bo with judicious attention and sictlon, that
I am mainly prompted to thus present tho m*t
ter, and not because of any relations or special
pecuniary interests that I have In the roads
themselves; for lam sorry to say that lam not
tho owner of a dollar of any of their very valua
ble stock or bonds.
In. my long railroad experience I have seen so
many heedless or selfish, over-reaching blunder*,
resulting in such disastrous disappointments, and
such unwise, yet irreparable, injury and destruc
tion to valuable property, that I feel constrained
to give warning to my Chicago fellow-citizens
whenever possible danger presents.
The Illinois Central Railroad undoubtedly
strongly desires, and is making all reasoua'jlo
effort to maintain, tho termini of these roads
where they now are.
The important and far-extended Chicago, Bur
lington Quincy Railroad, and the Michigan
Central, can too easily. I fear, be driven to aban
don the lake shore, and make new combinations
elsewhere, of a character, possibly, sufficiently
powerful to force tho passenger business of the
Illinois Central to follow them. I think I have
reason to believe, from what I know of the
views and interests of the Michigan
Central, and tho Chicago, Burling
ton Quincy Railroads. that there
is real danger, if their views and conclusions arc
opposed too strenuously and too long (however
exceptionable those views may bo considered by
the property interests involved), that they will
determine to change their location, and probably
to the West Side.
How unfortunate snch a change would prove to
the citizens of the South Side is too apparent to
require comment.
It is a desire that what is well and right should
be continued as it is, and- that disappointment
and loss should not como to those that rightfully
possess, even though all they lose should be added
to others of equal merit, that prompts me to
present these warnings for tho cousidom.
lion of those interested, it may be, for the good
of all. And, although no prophet, I appre
hend it to be but a plain, common
sense conclusion, under existing circumstances,
—knowing tho prompt and decisive character of
some of the men to be dealt with—that the ques
tion of this great depot on the lake shore, or else
where, will soon bo definitely settled; and it be
comes the people specially interested, without
stickling too much about what they may think
exactly right, to yield to what may bo necessary
to secure an end of such overruling importance
to their property, business, and wealth.
There la one other subject, in connection with
railroad matters, that lam desirous to allude to
beforo closing this statement, already too long:
A bill has been introduced into tho Legislature,
prohibiting tho admission of further railways
using locomotives in the city.
That existing railroads should desiro to add
millions to their franchises, by making their priv
ileges exclusive, and enabling them to compel
all tho new railroads, necessary and yet to be
constructed, to do the increasing business of this
growing Western World (not yet half developed),
to pay millions to them, to the cost of
tho producer, for the use of their
existing roads into tho city, would
not so much surprise mo; but, that anybody hav
ing an Interest in the welfare and future growth
of Chicago, and having any appreciation of the
country tributary to it, or any perception of the
possible future wants and commercial demands
of that country upon Chicago, should undertake
now to measure them, or should claim to foresee,
and to be so much wiser than events, as to at
tempt now to limit the futoro necessities of Chi
cago, does amazo mo.
I trust no snch short-sighted measure can have
any standing or position m a Legislature having
the development of the country.aud the interests
and economies of tho people they represent, at
heart.
Pleading the interest and Importance of the
questions under consideration in excuse for this
long article in regard to them, I remain, with
great respect, your obedient servant.
Chicago, Dec. 2. W. B. Ogden.
AMUSEMENTS.
MICHIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
Progress,” as we predicted, took so strong a
hold upon the theatre-going public that Mr.
Wyndham could not carry out his original design
of presenting a variety of new pieces, but was
constrained to yield to the popular taste and con
tinue It. Tho Michigan Avenue Theatre has been
crowded nightly, and the delight and apprecia
tion of the audiences have been each as to induce
the management to give “Progress” for throe
nights more—Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
The Goose with the Golden Egg” will be the
afterpiece each evening.
WEST SIDE OPERA HOUSE.
Matters ore running smoothly and successfully
at the West Side Opera House. Tho attendance
is large, and the new company has developed into
a first-class minstrel organization. Arlington is
ambitious, and is securing talent wherever ho
can find it. Two important acquisitions to the
vocal corps have been secured, in William Dwyer,
a-well-known balladist, recently conneeted with
the San Francisco Minstrels, and Charley Smith,
of Chicago,an alto singerof recognized ability. Tho
bill for this week embraces many rich attrootinna.
among whichwlll be an Essence” by Arlington;
Sam Price’s tremendous specialty, The Haunt
ed HouseGibbs in the Tribulations of a Call
Boya bass solo, The Heart Bowed Down,”
by Phillips; the whole to conclude with Tho.
Lunatic Asylum.”
GLOBE THEATRE.
Divorce will be retained here for only three
nights more, together with tbe ‘Wednesday mat
inee, and will then give place to a new and sensa
tional drama, entitled Bertha; or, Tho Fate of
the Sewing-Machine Girl/’ which will receive its
lirst representation on Thursday evening next.
TUBSER HALL.
The programme for the usual Sunday afternoon
concert at Turner Hall Vorwarta, on,TV est Twelfth
street, is as follows:
1. March— 1 In lovo I think of theo'
2. Overture to Semiramide
3. Waltz—“ New Vienna
4. Potpourri—“ Musical Eccentricities” Conradi
5. CapriceHeroiqne Kortaky
6. Finale from Stradella. FI .tow
7. Overture le Martha.
8. Potpourri—‘‘‘PellMeU'
9. Sanscdaky Quadrille...
TUB STAB LECTURE COURSE
has, it is stated, proved the most successful
course, financially, ever organized in this or any
other city. This success has not been unde
served, for the list of lecturers embraces as
brilliant an array of names as has ever been of
fered. Those who have already been hoard are
Robert Collyer, Edward Everett Hale, JohnG.
Saxe, and B. J. Do Cordova. Those yet to come
are (for the South Side) Dr. John Lord. Elizabeth
Cady Stanton, Mark Twain, tho Barnabcc Troupe
(concert), General Kilpatrick, P. B. DuChaillu,
James Parton, Lillian Edgarton, Josh Billings,
Mrs. Scott Siddons, Prof. A. Wlncholl. Geo. Van
deuhoir. ana George Wm.Curtis; for the West
Side, Mark Twain, Fred Douglass, Thos. K.
Beecher, Wendell Phillips, the Barnahee Troupe,
Dr. Holland, Miss Edgarton, and George win.
Curtis. The managers"have been in negotiation
with Henry Ward Beecher, bat have been unable
to coax him hither, notwithstanding they offered
him $2,000 for two nights.
AMUSEMENTS ELSEWHERE.
Edward Schultze, of Chicago, is to give a con
cert at St. Paul. soon.
—Tho McKee Rankin Comedy Company is meet
ingwith good success in the principal cities of
Indiana.
—A concert, given in Louisville, on Thanks
giving evening, for the benefit of St. Paul's Ger
man Church m Chicago, realized the sum of
$660.
—Tho Denver Kexts is anxious to receive in
formation concerning James Johnson, formerly
of that city, who was playing at Coloncl Wood’s
Museum in Chicago at the time of the lire.
—Marble’s Theatrical Troupe, with Wm. Marble,
Katy Wilson, Miss Lillie, the great songstress
and comedienne.” and other Chicago artists. Inis
been reorganized, and is announced to open at
Eau Claire, Wis., to-morrow evening.
—Miss Lena Hastreiter, of Chicago, has ap
peared in concerts throughout tho Northwest, in
connection with Herr Suckow, the violinist, and
D’Anliners, pianist, and has won the warmest of
commendation as an artist of brilliant powers
and great promise.
—Panoramas of the Chicago lire abound plon
teonsly throughout tbe West. One of these,
managed by the Blaisdcll Brothers, and “en
hanced by a grand vocal and Instrumental con
cert,” is announced to exhibit at St. Joseph, Mo.,
this week. Frank Skiff's panorama failed to
produce a pleasing effect upon the
Ottawa* people, who gathered in small
numbers at the hall to sec the thing unrolled,
and when the time arrived were informed by Mr.
Skiff that ho was sorry, &c. f but the panorama
bad unaccountably failed to arrive from Chicago.
Ho offered to return all tickets, and go on with
tho show next evening, but that was tho last
heard of him.
WINES AND LiaUOBS.
ESTABLISHED 1795.
GENUINE
Brandies, Jamaica Rnm, Scotch and
Irish Whiskies, Guineas’ Porter,
Tennant’s Ale, Mc-
Ewan’s Ale,
Forts, Sherries and Champagnes,
Talentia Raisins and other
Groceries
DUCT IMPORTATIONS,
In Bond op Duly Paid. For Sale by
CUVILLIER CO.,
Office: 199 East Madison-at., Chicago.
fish, etc.
FOR SALE.
ICO hairels Choica Fresh Edits.
2.CCO double boxes Yarmouth IJloiU.rs-
SCO barrels Now Labrador Herrins J er T '■lrec
-200barrels Pickled Scotcli Hadtlotk non.
ICO packages choice t inclini ll Hullev
ICO dozen choice Hurl I SS?dS?JiikSI.
I
to S lir kfl oI nSrly 17 pounds each.
M l klitiMMW’White Fish, in and lor sale iowtotho
trade. Apply to
Wm. H. Squire, Commission Merchant,
311 Blchljan-ar., norlb of Congrcss-st.
FURNITURE.
FURNITURE!
HALE&BRO
10, It, 14 16
CANAL STREET,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL,
Hare now the Largest and Most Com
plete Stock in the West,
consisting of
Parlor,
Chamber,
Dining-room,
And Office
FURNITURE,
BEDDIIMD MlMm
CARPETS
FROM HOLLISTER’S,
NOW WITH US.
Everything complete for the House and OSlco.
All Orders will »e 'Promptly At-
tended to.
FASHIONABLE
FURNITURE.
W. We Strong,
353 to 359 West Randolph-st,
BRANCH STORE,
Cor, Wabash-av. and Twenty-Second-at,
NOW READY
"WITH -A
LARGE STOCK
AT
10W PRICES.
FURNITURE.
We have now on hand a complete assortment of Fur
niture of every description; also a fall line of Otlico
Desks, which we are selling at our former low prices.
Pleas« rive ns a call. A. LIEBENSTEIJf «fc CO.,
320 liichigau-av.. bet. Harmon court and Twclfth-st.
SCALES.
FORSYTH’S
U. S. STANDARD
SCALES.
TTv li&tc a fall stock of ALL RISDS AXD
SIZES also Warehouse and Store Tracks.
dm GOODS ABE HAAUFACTCUED U CHI-
CAGO.
We also have a foil line of GROCERS’
FrßfflSinffGS, TEA CADDIES, aU sizes, StGAB
and FEOm SCOOPS, TWIXE STAYDS, etc.
J. F. FORSYTH CO.,
.Grancr
.Rossini
.Strauss
46 South Desplaines-st,
.Flotow
•Conradi
-Kumrak
CLOTHING.
NOTICE.
“We beg to inform our
friends and patrons that tee
have removed toour spacious
double brick building, 168
Jffichigan-av., where tee have
opened a large and entirely
new and tv ell-selected stock
of Ready-made Ci O Til-
IJVG and PUECR GOODS,
which tee oiler to the trade
CIATBURGS,
EINSSEm
CO.
Government Clothing
300 Cavalry Pants,
500 Infantry Coats,
300 Blonses,
300 Army Stains,
at a great bargain. DAVID NEWEVRGER,
r>4 C 5 west Raoiloiph-st.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
NEW FIRM!
NEW GOODS!
PORTER, FIERCE k CD.
311 West Hladison-st. 3
Would rcspectfnlly announce to their friends and the
paiilio, ihatjthey have opened with a full assortment
of lirst-class
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Which they offer WHOLESALE and RETAIL at
prices that DEFY COMPETITION.
By strict attention and fair dealing, wo hope to
merit a liberal share of patronage.
No Sboddy Goods, but lirst-class
work at fair prices.
Give ns a call.
RAISINS.
Direct Importation.
20,000 packages
New Layer Raisins,
“ex Xeodar,’ 1 “ex DeoiLirns,’
15 WHOLE, HALF, ASD qI’.UITEU BOXES.
FOR SALE BY
J. W. DOANE&CO.