T-?-'".', r
ir'W
IV-v s' nr-r- ti
jt
ff?

f hclte (Gkte.
HOI, 3HTXJE2IX, EUtor.
WHITE CLOUD, KANSAS:
Tharsday, October 12, 1871
Republican County. ComTeitiom
Tbe ScpuUkaw rT Dllun CMOty M bm te Ddo
gste Convention. Sa Ike (Art Hw t Troy, on
Tinlir. Betas lSsb, ia".
at It JO, A. M, fur the purpose of ruminating candidate
for the following County office, to be voted for at tat ensu
ing November eleenoii:
Three.ConunUsinneri,
Treasurer,
SbetiC
KetUteTfDod,
County Clerk,
Cotmty Surveyor. Vi-
Coroner.
The basts af repwntalien la the pahucaa vote lor
PretMentuJe and th ratio U one IJeJegate and one Al
ternate for every 40 vote, an for every fraction ef over
half that somber, which entitle the MTeral Township
the fellowing repTeeentiUon
Iowa
Wolf River
Centre
Wayno
Barr-Osk m
Washington
Marion
The Primary Election, for wiD.
m iTnMiir nrrmnKR um ansLwfll be eoaaoetea in
lv. ..i Poll wBl-he opened la each pre-
-3.-j. v.. ij. mebilri Vr Ue usonrbex of
the County Central Osauuttce for the Towaasltale which
the revive precini.e loose; -,-B,,"c!a
at I o'clock. P. M, and iweata ep antll o cfaek, V. M,
at which the BepnUican rtttn of the predate win rote tor
theamnbereDehateeaBAUeTBfteaowhlchaiiehpre.
''claettaenthW. ThecertSacateeoftheJiiafieeof Bertlon
Wm beVierreaa.eredJaa1eTnOeCoawtfcL Jfoper-
m ire endtW to rote at the prlaary ekctieae wb ihan
utnr. i, known.) be In cooperation with and
aapportrra of the Kepoblioaw party. Xo proxl" will be I
allawedUtheConresttoa.
When the Delesatea of a TowaAIp are apportl-ined to
aiidaectedbyicaicta,aelapaoraonnieBiiii iui
tllrrtlorfwe.acenUetohebaaUboTeiaUblUhea
by the Central Coouelrtee.
By order of the BepnUlean Coanty Central Commlltee.
CTKU9 LKLAKD, Ja, Chalnnin.
Faac SL Taaft, Secretary.
Primary Electioi.
In pnrreanoe of the furegnlng call, the BrpoVUeana of
Iowa TowMhlp win noMtbeir primary eiecimnaanueurao
tberelaapeclBed, (SatarcJay. October Hth,) at anch place,
and conducted by nab jadcra, at the member of the County
rvr,tl CommlUee for each cnclnct ahall appoint The
Towubip U euUUed to 11 Delesttca and 11 Alternate,
which are apportioned to theaeteral predncta followa:
IThlte Cloud, S; Hijhknd, i; Iowa Point, 3.
SOL.1TILLER,
J. P. JOHJfSOJf.
T. M. PIEKCK.
Unnbera Cotmty Central Committee.
New Youk Political Cosventiox. Within
thU naat few daya, the Republican and Democrat
ic SUto' Conventions have been held in New York,
for the nomination of State ticketa;Tim in uom
there waa tnrable from New York City.
In the Bepublican Contention, tho difflcnlty
waa botween tho Fkxtos and Coxkukc parties
between tho friends of the Administration and
the ones who do not hold the offices betw ocn
Gbeelky and his one term principle and those
I' who know nothing of farmiuR. Tho Gkkkley
party was wonted, and withdrew from tho Con
vention. Bctan excellent ticket was nominated;
and even those who withdrew support it, saying
the State must be rescued from the bands of the
Tammany thieves, regardless of what the Conven
tion did.
In Iho Deinocratio Convention, the fight was
against Tammany thongh it now appears that it
was not o much of a fight, after all. The De
mocracy, finding they could not carry Tammany
and its steals, denounced its corrnptons, and forc
ed its delegates to withdraw from tho Convention,
which the latter did very meekly, "for the sake
U'uarmoriy.',ll now appears tbatthewhole
thing was a put np job, to deceive tIi-3 people, and
that Boss'Tweud clafms'tb'e action as a'trinmph
for himself. Such it undoubtedly was, and Tani--many
rules the New York Democracy to-day as
completely as ever.
Upon tho whole, the prospect seems favorable
that the Bepnblicans will carry New York, in No
vember. tFJonx Qcincy Adams .is the Democratic
candidate for Governor of Massachusetts, as nuial.
When C11AHLE8 Francis Adajis named the boy
in honor of his own father, he Iitle dreamed tho
use tho Democracy wonld put him to. Butas the
profile of Geokoe Wamiikgtox may still be found
adorning the sign of some half-tavern, haltdram
shop at a country cross-roads, the pastime of flour
ishing the name of Joiix QiixcY Adams on a
Democratic ticket must be tolerated.
r7The various Counties in Kanaa Jiaving
voted as many bonds to railroads as they couhl
carry, and the different cities having voted ten
times as mnch as they could stand, tho municipal
Townships are now voting their share. This rail
road bond epidemic is one of the kind that makes
people sick after it is over. We are thinking
there wilt be some pretty sick people in Kansas,
presently.
Ew" General (formerly Major) Axdeksox, the
hero of Tact Sampler, is residing in Europe, said
to te in poverty and neglect. Behureo akd, who
commanded the attack of Fort Sumter, is travel
ling over the country, receiving the overtures of
whipped but unrepentant rebels.
Cy Beackkgakd, almost ten years ago, swore
he would wator bis horse in the Tennesse River
vr in KelL He didn't water him in the Tennes
see Biver. A few days ago, ho came West, bonnd
for Kansas City. It was not stated whether ho
brought his horse along or not.
Old Life Insurance Maker says he is "sick of
Miller and the whole tribe of curs who bark
wheu he barks." That means, it hurts him to see
exchanges approvingly copy articles from the
CXlrf. Exchanges will oblige ns by copying no
more articles from the Ckkf, except to give them
fits.' It makes old acallawng Baker sick. Or, if
yon do copy, credit to the Topeka 'Betord.
rRiMARTELwnioxs. Kemember.that Saturday
afternoon is the time far holding the primary elec
tions for Delegates and Alternates to the Bepub
Ucn Coanty Convention. Remember, also, that
Bepnblicans only-will be allowed to vote.
ty Old UbIOIIAM Yocg"1uu been indicted,
at in Utah. It has been discovered that he is
fooling around entirely too many women.
Gf He read a good deal in the papers .about
tVan'nQrof'Grxx'sEaby." If Gixx" himself is
not the authur, he had better bo 'inquiring into
.the matter.
tar At least three of our Kansas exchanges de
nominate opposing local papers, the uCorpe"
There most bo a. good point to it, if it wens only
vWb.
iy The papers coutuiue to assure na that Bex.
Bcnxh will not hert. Then, we won't call him
iJjSBOLT. --a-
f-' V
j-S There is call. roraDeafsjetatie Mass Con:
-VttoxCtomeet"at Troy, on:Monay,-tbe 16th
inst'to nominate County ticket. If there are
my Democrats np this way, perhaps they have
not heard of it. They should procure a spy-glaaa,
ad JocJrthat Mass Convention op.
-y It is not customary to ask every new man
erfeoeet np shop in Kansas: "What business did
7oa$jfea8tr' That story is a slander.
J3T The Connectiealt town elections, last week,
showed large BepoMiema ains. Still crumbling.
r-- a nerson wbo li3S-b-:he rounds, this
seaeee, Mrya the Fair business m0 decidedly
orerdone: ZaatOji mm ayiwrly pop-
'dated eonntry, and too hajr ttfrt t
i m naesnt to sometntng.
ry We heard some one inquire, the other dsy,
whether" "there waa not to M Comity elected, this
Fall. We gueesnot at'least, nobody appears to
betraying or thinking nbpnt it! f
tST Tbe Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows, for the
State of Kansas, it in Reunion this week, at Law
i
EL At thoAtchisouFair.thowwuiinaWfjliaby
cams ifom Doniphan County. ltAw" on of
Mr. Bcsteb, was six month eld'snM weighed 95
pounds.- It wasa'- buster."
fy Tbe premium pretty' baby at tbe Atchison
Fanywas'a; son of Jradge A, TV. SPALDING, aged
ix inontha. Azct?4 a Subscriber-to tho Chief, of
ENUUtOaaSD BKArfnFlED. The Great Tarn
Dy Paper V Half a Century. On the occasion of
tttTiBlw,'Tt"Firiy-Firt year, the Saturday
Emitf Pot comes to ns greatly enlarged, and in
acesnpleteauitof newtyp-i. Fifty years is a long
rime in the life of a lajojt, and the Po$t may well
be proud of its long, and honorable career. The
.Poat makes nowVNiw Departure, enlarging its
size fully one-third, and claims, to be tho largest
and cheapest of the Family Papers. It also leads
off with a new Revolutionary Story, called "Ag
ues Ayre, a Tai'o of the Times of Sumter and Ma
rion." The ToL takes ground against the low and cor
rupting stories now becoming so common, and
pledgcn itself to'thd publication o'f a Pore Litera
ture, anch as any man may take with safety into
the bosom of bisamuy. -It also pledges itself to
entire neutrality in politics. Price $2X0 a year.
Four copies, $(M)0U 'Ktght (and one extra) 112.00.
The Pott and The Lady's Friend 84.00. Single
numbers C cents!" Address H. PetucsOX Co.,
319 Wahint SL, Philadelphia.
mm m ail
-.The Sejcret RebellieB.
The following article under the above caption is
from the Troy T5r. It brings ont the issue be
tween the two great parties of the country so
snarpty, lurcmiy ana tainy tnax we take pleasure
in trau'derriugit to our own'columus:
We cau count on our fingers the years since gi
gantic reoeiuon rageu in tne lauu. inruugn
years of terror, .tiuault and caruaco money was
freeleyspont and-Woodwns bravely shed; fair
imrtions ot tuatouatry were wasteti ity nre ami
sword while tho desperate conflict went on. The
men of the North Jliught for law and liberty and
tho nricelesa nrivllcires of social and political
freedom. Tho men of tho South struggled to up
hold an' upstart olligarrhy and perpetuate the
dainning institution of human slavery. Like foe
men worthy of 'each other's steel, asking no fa
vors, face to lace tncy met cacnoinerana sierniy,
steadily fourbt itootio the end. So far as the
manner of settlingthe questions at issue was con
cerned that was an honorable rebellion. It was
settled in the open; field according to the rides of
modern warfare.
To-day wo say -tho rebellion is cnuhed; the
slaves are tree, lucre is peace tnrouguout tueianu.
Is this true I Yes. there ispt-aco in tho North.
and the open, tho aboveboard, tho dagiigkt rebel
lion is cmsnni, nut tne secret reocuiou continues.
Instead of tho ringing yell of the confederate sol
diers we havo tho inidnieht howl of tho Ku-Klux
cut-throat. Iustead of the loug lines of grey gal
lantly rushing upon tne waiting lines ot blue ana
joining battle iu tho open day the soldiers of tho
secret rebellion, masked and disguised, with torch
and knife and halter, sknlk under cover of the
darkness to fall upon their unsuspecting victims.
In the dead of night the sleeping and innocent
ones are awakened by the howls of Ku-Klux as
sassins, and while the roof that sheltered them is
wrapped in flames the lash descends upon the
shrinking flesh of the woinifn and children, aud
the body of the father or brother dangles from the
nearest tree. The confederate soldiers fought
openly nnder the leadership of avowed traitors to
the Government. The Ku-Klux demons wage a
midnight war with the approval and encourage
ment of their Democratic leaders, who, secret
traitors, with loud-mouthed professions of patrio
tism work cautiously and silently in thedarkness,
and aid, abet and urge on their blood-stained
tools in this war for political power. When,
where or in what manner haa a Democrat. North
or South, ever been known to denounce this se
cret rebellion! .vjaai vemocnuic paper in ail
the broad land ever, csutained one expose of Ku
Klux deviltries at tho South or spoke one word
in condemnation of thomf Day after day in the
face of allthe'gbastly e idence to tho contrary
they deny even the existence of tho white broth
erhood," or strive-to tiide; to palliate or excuse
the atrocities of their Ku-Klux minions. Are all
these thousands of Kn-KIux banded together
without leaders r Are tneso continual outrages
nerformed without a motive or object f lias the
secret rebellion no chiefs or directors f It has lea
ders; they are Democrats iu the South, Tammany
in the North. It has a motive hatred of the
'Government and desire for power. It has an ob
ject to defeat by force the reconstruction acts to
breakup ana disperse tne "carpetbag govern
ments," aud to regain political ascendency at
whatever cost. In the Bepublican address to tho
people of Virginia it is truly said that it is not the
real licrpetratoni of these barbarities who most
deserve punishment, but tho more cautious in
cendiaries who, wealthy, educated, skilled in the
arts of treason, incite those ignorant bnitcs to
acts which they themselves avoid. Who are these
incendiaries f Who are these murderers I They
a e the Democrat io leaders of the North and Sout h;
they are the real 'and greatest oflenders. They
are resnonsiblo for the condition of attain at the
South. Were it not for these disappointed derna
gbgness, these reckless aspirants for power and
authority, tho South would really be as quiet, as
peaceable and prosperous, as the Democrats en
deavor to prove it to be to-dayv
In the copperhead nest of Northern Democracy
this secret rebellion was listened, and tne men
who are really responsible for the enormities
f practiced at the South walk in our midst. The
eadera of the Tammanj Democracy, who in the
North ride rough shod over law and justice and
robthe public treasuries of millions of dollars to
carry on their struggle to snbvert the government
obtain political power aud avenge past defeats, in
the South encourage rebellion, orgauize the Ku
Klux aud cut the throats of Union men to accom
plish the saino object. Let, these leaders accom
plish their object, again come into power aud
elect their President in leTSTaud we must sub
mitto the loss of everything gained" in our long
and bloody struggle, and the war of the rebellion
most be fouirht over-aSain. The nation must be
-vttlajit,.Teseleadrs are. still strong. They
are reckless auu unscrupulous to tne uui degree.
They will leave no stone unturned, no device un
tried, however disastrous to tho country, howev
er wild or wicked it lnay be to accomoplish their
object. They prate gf duty aud patriotism, they
take "new departures," aud profess to accept the
results of the war anil-bend In submission to tho
law. They do submit, they do bend, but it is the
shrinking of the -beast that crouches to spring.
Let the Ku-Klux leaders, to reassert the noble
principles oftbe Bepublican party aud re-elect
their President, or they, may look with .dreod to
what the future may hare iu store for them.
iswi
.'hcraUir f JkaitrMdeaapulea.
A decision has been rendered in an Iowa Dis
trict Court which iSbt special importance to Bail
road Companies. The' case was that of a suit for
damages against tlie Chicago and Northwestern
Railway company for injuries received by an ac
cident occasioned by aj) Intoxicated engineer, aud
the Court held that -the Railway Company is
liable to both actasal-ond pantive damages for
accidents caused by the carelessness or inattention
of its employes. The'" Court expressed the belief,
and we believe it waa'correct, that there should
be a law providing severe punishment for a rail
road engineer taking a drink of intoxicating liqnor
while ou duty, or within, ten hours previous to his
time for taking charge of the engine, and the Com
pany should be made to pay heavy damages for
employing a man who indulges in strong drinks.
A large proportion of railroad accidents may be
directly traced to drunkneas, and it is time meas
ures were adopted to relieve the travelling pub
lic, as far as pussiple, from tins searce of danger.
Double the Alloted Age. Jacob -Fonrnaia,
the oldest man ofour 'times as far as known, re
cently diedat Kansas Citjyat the age of 134 years.
He waa a French Canadian, and had .been a hun
ter and trapper in the euJployof the fur company
over half S eentnryvv H6wa a'man grown and
working his farm whettOcnend Wolfe waa killed,
September 14, 1759. In 1813f he-was in New Or
leans, and wishing to enlist in General Jackson's
army, was rrfuaedon account of his age. 'Thongh
illiterate hi memory of past events waa retentive.
He was never sick, and died from the wearing out
f the machine.
Senator Carl 8chan of Missouri, in an address
recently delivered before the Germans of Chica
go, used Um following patriotic language:
"Nothing oowld be further from me than the
desire to see the formation of -a parttieal organi
zation composed' 'excessively of Germans in this
republic Here we are. all American rf tiaens
-Bathing Tnorel nothing less rand tlie German
pride should -only lead as to the reeolarisa to be
among American' citizens the best. We have mt
counter inerests here, and we shonld have no
counter pnrpoe. Out interests are none other
than those of the general public, and onr purpose
should be none other than ths pnWic weal"
Dreadful Conflagration!
City f Chicago in Ashes!
The Entire Business- Partial
of the City Burned!
111 :the -aTsrwrawaapBr' Officer Da
rtroysi! f
V maaavaa
Great Xsas af LHeSeeaes mt
Terror:
CtcM sTIre is Chica"-
at Sfieswiir
li g anal Tw
attra alien
CracAOO, October 8. Shortly after one o'clock
this morning'the fire which raged so furiously
last night was got nnder control. It proves not
to have been to .devastating as waa supposed last
night, the district burned over embracing bnt
four instead of sfx blocks, as reported last night.
The 'district is bounded on tho north by Adams
street, west by CJiuton, south by Van Bnren, aud
east by the Chicago river. Some four or five
buildincs within this district escapeddestruction.
among them Vincent, Nelson Co.'s grain ware
house, one of thelargest in the city. The grounds
burned over were covered with lumber, coal and
wood yards, a plaining mill, box factory, vinegar
factory, etc- aud a laree number of dwellings and
saloons of the poorer classes. A close estimate of
the entire loss places it at from two hundred and
fifty to three hundred thousand dollar, with
probably one nail ot tnat insurance.
Chicago. October 8, 11, p. m. The fire fiend is
abroad again to-night. At 9:45 the fire broke ont
on Dekowen street, between Jefferson and Clin
ton, in the West Division and spread with great
raoiditv. At this hour some four blocks are bur
ning and there seems but little hope of staying
the flames. The wind is strong and the fire sur
ges tnrougu me ironic oniiuings niiu icariui
velocity devouring everything in its way. The
blocks burned were closely built, with two-story
frame houses, occupied as dwellincs. stores, boar
ding house, saloons, 4c., and the loss will proba
bly be greater man mat ot last niguu
12:45 a. m. To-nicht is the most awful in the
annals of the city. The fire has already swept
over a space at least three times as large as that
of last night aud is still rushing on with greater
fury than has marked any stage of its progress,
the encines appearing almost powerless. Fire
-Marshall Williams has tclezraiihed to Milwaukee
for all the fire engines they can spare. Not less
than 300 buildings havo been entirely destroyed
aud more than that number of families rendered
homeless. Tho wind is blowing almost a gale
from the south, and showers of sparks and brands
are sweeping, over tho city, threatening destruc
tion on every nana,
1:15, A. M. Tlie fire is raging with greatly in
creased fury. It has spread almost with the velo
city of tlie mud. and has now racbed West union
(Street, a distance of more than a mile from w here
it started, and oners a breadtnot nearly uaua
mile, reachintr from the river to Jefferson street.
The district already burned embraces largo
number of lumber yards, the freight depots of the
liucijiu will ou ijuuis, IUHI iiiiaum, iu t.ujiiu
and Chicago Railroads, and an immense amount
of other uroucrty valued at several million ol dol
lars. Tim prospect of arresting the fire now seems
ten Told less t nan an Hour ago, aud no one can
tell where it will stop. Fire brands were blown
across the river and set woodeu building close
by the gas house ou tire. The flames have spread
in every direction, aud tho prospect is that the
gas house will be destroyed aud the city wrapped
iu uarjuieoo.
A terrible panic is prevailing throughout the
whole city. Almost everybody, men, woiaen aud
children, are iu tho streets, and praying, weeping,
and wailing is heard in eery direction -It www
looks as if the u hole city miuht be destrox eT. A
lanre number of lives arft believed to havo been
lost, but nothing definite is known. Tho alarm
bell is now ringing with increased 'ileal tho de
sign being to call every steelier from his bed. Tho
panie is increasing, and the people are almost
crazy with alarm, vessels iu the rherare catching
UOl 111 KVCt llllCUUWU, uuu 1 vu uiv wjuiu amo
of the river will probably oe destroyed.
1:45 A. M. A raging, roaring hell of fire envel
opes twenty blocks of the city. It is already
within a block oftho telegraph office where this
disnatch is written, aud is sweeping on in a wuirl
wiudof flame, against which hnuiaii efforts are
powerless, and It is iuilossibI to tell wnere it
"will stop. Tlie bridgo across Van Buren street is
burned, and tne Lblcago ami Alton ana run
Wayne railroad tracks, cars and depots nre swept
awav. No lammsure cau ilesenbe -the "awfiil
scenes. The flames sweep through the blocks of
wooden nouses with the rapidity ot a prairie nre.
Thousands of people till tho streets, rushing ont
of their buildings in many instances barely in
time to save me.
2:10 a. M. Tho block across the street from the
telegraph office is on fire. The wires have failed
aud they are probably burned down.
9-.20 a. M. Tho entire business' portion of tho
city is destroyed. All tho banks, express and
telegraph offices; all tlie newspaper offices, except
the Tribune; six elevators and water-works are
gone. There u no water in tno city, aot less
than ten thousand buildiugs are already destroy
ed. There 'has been burned a distance of fivo
miles and still raging with the wind blowing a
galeC
Chicago, October 9. Tire whole business por
tion of the city is in ashes from Harrison street
north to Chicago avenue and east of tliti river to
tho lake, a piece-about three miles in length by
a mile or mile and n half in width. Every hotel,
bank. eXDrcsa office.' teleirranh afnee. theatre and
newspaper office with all tho wholesale houses iu
the city are totaly destroyed. Many thousands of
dwellings aud tne waterworks were -arstrojea
earlx.thui morninir. The wind is bhiwine a per
fect galeTroni'the southwest with a sky of brass.
no one can tell wnat Uie end win lie; tne oniy
salvatiou for the remainder or the city is in the
wind keeping its present directum. Fifty thous
and people are homeless, most of whom are iu a
destitute condition. -Tin nuburned streets are
lined for miles with household goods. No one
dare tlynk what the loss of life may be. The
flames swept through the city with the rapidity
of prairie lire and many must have perished.
The Western Uniou Telegraph Company have
succeeded iu getting up a lew wires from the has
tily improvised office in the southern part of the
city and establishing communication in nearly
every direction. Munificent offers of assistance
are coming from every quarter.
Chicago. October 9. (Noon) The awful work
of destruction goes on with relentless fury. From
4Lrrison.street south to Division street north,
ana irom tne nvet-ui tue iatc, an area m iuur
milcs long by one mile wide, the flames have
swept everythinir before them. It is estimated
that at least ono hundred thousand people are
Homeless and in a sunenng condition, loe
streets in the districts still nuburned are lined
for miles with such household goods as have been
saved from destruction. The most generous of
fers' of assistance in money, food, or anything
wanted, are coining from etery city and town
possible by telegraph. The Maj or has responded
to several offers, asking that cooked food be for
warded as soon as possible. Firemen are on the
way here from Cincinuatf, St. Louis and other
cities. The water-works are entirely destroyed.
They ore now blowing up buildings in the line of
of the fire to attempt the arrest of its progress.
It is now believed that the spread of the fire
southward has Jicen stayed at Harrison street
but on the north tide there is no diminution of
its fury, and that entire division of the city is ev
idently doomed to utter destruction. There are
grave fears that the flames may spread to the
west aide of the north branch of the river, and
the inhabitants of the streets nearest the river
are already moving to places of supposed greater
safety.
The Weston Union Telegraph Company have
now six wires working east and south, and run
ning into a temporary office on the corner of State
and Sixteenth streets.
The Northwestern Railroad is running trains
on both of its branches, which are Crowded with
fleeing citizens.
It is now positively asserted by some persons
that the water-works are still intact, bnt that the
water has been shnt off from the south and west
divisions on account of being used on the north
side.
A reliable gentleman just arrived from the
Nurth'Divisiaa.bringstbe joyful intelligence that
the Waterworks are uninjured." God grant that
it may be true r
It is impossible now to give evea approximate
ly correct statement of the losses; bnt, a faint
idea may be bad when it is stated that every
bank in the city except two small sayings insti
tutions, one ou Twenty-second street in South
Division, and one on Randolph street in the West
Division, are destroyed. All the wholesale stores
and all the large retail establishments, the Poet
office, Court House, Chamber of Commerce, every
note in tne ooutn isivisron except tne mentgan
Avenne Hotel, which, belnc on tho extreme
HTL SrfTJS?jr wKK,
southern limit uf the fire, escaped, but was badly
scorched.
Every newspaper office, the Triisae building
finally succumbed, every theatre, six of the larg
est elevators, the immense depots of the Michi-gan-Southern
and Illinois Central railroads, both
passenger and freight depots of the latter, more
than score of churches, and much of the ahip
ptog 1m the liver. Men who' were millionaires
jmrrday morning are nearly penniless to-day;
a?
batmore-teitrMethaB.aUthiBU theawfnl cer
tainty that many human eUs to tond fiery
graves.. How many, no oM.OMCttit, perhaps no
rmecaaverteivWMMaawra3kTnrB-to have
perished, andthere khtwKeirfllnw fcs-W that
the victims of the trerm aiir ana be eetutted
V -cores. HwSI&l-f-StVff S
Been onrnea in tneir sisoine, w -tide
numbers though released Ctosa cxmfinement
-were so confused .W these rf.ir trHew r-
ronnded them that tMyrwse vmjvt aaairo
atterinir cries of lHgM ana mn sutam, nwaw
and killed. -jt-i
Any attempt, m a tTeatnpiiesii w .a.,,in
t.t. waadkVbe leUe. The sim
ple fait that the mm reat tCTdeago b de-i.-...-i
h.t fcmuinidaar miBMmi of active capi-
T V At.- ....Ir tliir.l nf
hwnnhabitantahomelen,eaewgh. An at
tempt to embellish wonld be but mockery. As
this awful day draws to close thscsands of anx
ious eyes watch th dense steads of smoke which
still 'run over tte,narnti.distrle ;wlth, evident
dread that a iuddeu change of the wind may tum
the flames upon that portion of the city yet spar
ed. There aeems, however, but little cause for
their apprehension, and reinforcement of firemen
from other cities are constantly arriving.
Coh J. XSMgOson, Snpennteudeut of Tele
graph, is iureceipt of dispatches from the leading
citizens an:iOnnonr that aid is beinir provided
ai hr, TinuneH. aim ni,wj.." v-
for. the sufferers. Mayor Brown, of St, Louis, tel
egraphs that $70,000 have been subscribed bythe
merchants. Cincinnati promises $100,000, and
Cleveland ia proportionately generous. All this
and a great deal niare will be needed to relieve
the immediate pressing wants.
About three-fourths oftho Uuited States mail
was saved and taken possession of by Col. Wood,
of the post office service.
6 p. at. The-progressing flames in the south di
vision were finally arrested about one o'clock this
afternoon. TMV was accomplished by the blow
ing np and demolishing of several buildings on
Wabash a venae and Congress streets by lieuten
ant General Sheridan. The district burned over
in the South Division embraces everything from
the main branch'of the Chicago river to the Lake,
embracing about oneinndred blocks. This dis
trict contained all T the leading business houses,
the banks, insurance offices, hotels, etc; a large
number of cmirdiesyiDcludiugSt, Mary's (Catho
lic), St, Triuity, -First Presbyterian, Second Pres
byterian; St. Pant's, -Swrdenborgean, etc. The
Methodist church on tho corner of Wabash ave
nne and Congress street 'is saved. The Michigan
Avenne Hotel, on the corner of Michigan avenue
and Congress street, and Congress Hall, directly
adjoining- on Congress street aro saved. Michi
gan Terrace, on Michigan avenue, embracing tho
residences of Lieut. Gov. Brossy Hou. J. Young
Scamroon, S. C. Griggs and other leading citizens,
is completely destroyed, with the furniture and
nearly all the other contents. All the 'newspa
per establishments are totally wiped out. The
Irihtne building' resisted for several hours, but
finally yielded, when McVicker's Theatre, imme
diately adjoining, which hod also withstood the
raging elements, finally succumbed; in fact all
the buildings iu the District which were claimed
to be tire-proof, shared the fate of those which
could make no such claims. The great central
depot, at the footof Lake street, became aheap
of ruins about 9 o'clock. Most oftho passenger
cars of the Michigan Central, Jlurlington and
Qnincy and Illinois Central Railroad, were moved
ou tho breakwater and saved. West of Clark
street, in the South Division, the fire extended
south as tar as Polk street, sweeping everything
before it. Tho distance bnrued over here is some
three Mocks wide and over half a mile iu length,
numbering about twenty blocks. Tho buildings
wero generally of tho cheaper character, embrac
ing saloons, smaUshops, poor residences, etc. The
district burned over on the west side commences
at Taylor street, running from DeKoven street
to Jett'erson. It ran-theuce four or five blocks
north, and then moved diagonally towards the
river: and finally the west line was established
on Clinton street, and reaihiug thence to the riv
er. It rmned in this line northward until it
reached the Northwestern west side depots, where
it stopped a distance of nearly two miles from
where it started. The Pittsburg, Ft. Wayne and
Chicago aud Chicago and St. Louis depots were
in this-territory. Both the passenger aud freight
depots-are wiped ont.
Almost tho entire-Northern Division, from the
main branch and Chicago ri er to Lincoln Park,
nearly two miles in length and one mile wide, is
completely destroyed, including the Water Works,
a largo number of elegant churches, etc This
statement embraces tho districts devastated, aud
combines almost the entire business portion of
tho city south of .Harrison street in the South
Division and reaching out many miles, and cov
ered almost entirely with dwellings composed
largely of the more elegant class, is untouched,
and may now bo regarded as safe from injury.
For wiles and Utiles in every direction, the side
walks, lawns, vacant lots and front yards of dwel
lings are tilled'' with people who have escaped
from their burning dwellings, taking with them
only a scantyamoaut of their furniture aud cloth
ing. The sight is trnly pitiful. They must re
ceive relief, or many will perish from exposure
and starvation, as stated in my previous des
patch. It is utterly iinpoesibli! to make an aproximate
estimato of the eutirfloss, but it can scarcely fall
below ono hundred aud fifty millions of dollars.
Of course hut a fraction of thisamouut can bo
realized from insurance.
Gen. Sheridan has to-day telegraphed to St.
Louis to the military department there to send at
once to Chicago, one hundred thousand rations.
tie lias also teiegrapned to umana tor-two com
panies of Regulars and one hundred tents. They
will be all here as sr.ou as they cau come by rail.
He will also order another hundred thousand ra
tions. Mayor Masou has issued a proclamation
calling a meeting to-night in West Division to
see what the citizens can do fur the relief cf the
sufferers. There aro at least 100,000 people iu the
streets who know not where they can get enough
provision to satisfy the appeals of hunger.
A later mmor from the North Division says
the devastation is less wide spread than hitherto
reported. There are" no deaths reported by the
disaster yet, but uudoubtcly many have perixhed.
A New
BJwiadlr,. He
Take ia
ansa J
For the past montli a couple of rogues hat e
been doing a thriving business in Wayned, Ma
conib, Livingston, Washtenaw, and doubtless
several other counties,-by securing farmers notes
in exchange for a new hand cider mill. The meth
od of working is to.visit.the farmer, beg leal e to
explain the working and merits of the machine,
geuerally crushing a few apples withit aud then
to offer him a great chance to secure it on trial.
They have notes reading that each farmer can
take the cider mill on tnal for two months, and if
at the end of that time he is not perfectly satisfied
wih its working, the agent is to take the ma
chine off his bauds without cost. Thcso notes
are all drawn npvery smooth, bnt that part of
the readiug at the right end which refers to al
lowing the two months of can be cut off, aud a
note of hand is left which reads that the farmer
is to pay the sum of $7t for the mill at the end of
two months. The paper reads so smoothly that
not one, will see the catch. The farmer sees a
mill work, thinks the terms fair and honest, and
everyone wanting anything of the kind is pretty
sure to sign what he supposes to be a simple
agreement. Having, secured his signature, the
paper is cat off, arid the note of hand is then dis
counted to whoeVfwill purchase it. Some of
these notes have Ua-purchased by parties in De
troit, Poatiae awl vskfe Arbor, and the sharpers
undoubtedly gentVef all they can secure. If a
farmer wants a jreed'eidcr mill, perhaps the price
is' not unreasonable, but this one turns out to be
worth no more than so much kindling wood. An
hour's work destroys it.bet end repair. Or, if the
mill holds ont, tka farmer finds that a good coffee
mill would crush hUapplcsjust as well. He stands
the purchase one side, calculating to blow np the
agent when he calls for it, "aud the first thing he
suspects ia whew-lm receives a aotiee stating that
so-and-so holds HsVnote for $70. ,A farmer uaraed
Dickson, from Maesmb Coanty, yesterday stated
that himself and these neighbor were all induced
to receive these .machines and sign, papers, and
that two of the notes were soldst .Mount Clemens
for $70 eaeh..,.T)k agentsjtiavel with a two horse
wagon, g eneraDv carrying about adozeaof the
machines at a load. They have them shipped
from some point in the east, bat where it is not
known, nor does the name of the manufacturer,
appear on any of the mills. Detroit Free Pro.
Tocgh ox ScsAX-Tbe Pittsburg Ceaauroal
states that Hist fteasa B. Anthony plays a rattling
game of draw-poker.' If this ia so, ahe ought to
go to Washington, and try ebnclaaiona with the
Congressjonsr Poker Club; and after the has
cleared thepi wetylether takeahaad with Ulysses
8. When lie waa iaAAansas sod Calilbrni, be
fore his resignAtioB from tne army, and before he
became a tempsrance aian, he was tme of the bol
dest of peker-play ere; and no donbt he still retains
some of the skill ami daring of former days.
The 'Council Grove Demoent makes a point for
the Kaw Indians. -It nays: "The Indian wants
to make a raise, he acts out and lays in the ravines
and watches the bones belonging to the whites
until they are ont of sight of the owners, then Mr.
TrWlifltl 4nw sV aHlMala vans tkmsnm aasf. skrajt
!"Ih in :Wrta.-.fcJII- enquire,
mm oner a suitable rewaro, tarn in auotre two
hoars the Ea w boy brings ia t he aforesaid animals,
Sts his money, and then give a wHd hoot and
oofs."
Hwtcatv-Not aiachhweat is likely to be sown
this mUw ITswsasssi GneMe,
Not mnch hwatr Hwy .dent ya tank Inglish
fawea row have enithiBg ta a? JTaasat City Bml
Mfa.
State IVews.
The Oskaloosa Ininewdnt says: On Friday
morning as Mr. J. W. Byranf, of Sareoxie, was
going to visit a friend his wagon was dyeTtdrned
and Mrs. Byram was thrown out With fortn
against a log and the wagon box fell upon her
dislocating the left 'wrist, and inflicting serious
injuries ou both shoulders. Mr. Byram came to
town fora doctor, bat..they were all 'a way, and.
he sent to Lawrence fur ese 1 f
The;pwv,pshlishatCsenrdia, ay: "A
Sutlemaa who jaaied. down to Clyde on Than
y, informs a that be counted forty-two emi
grant teamei bet ween the two places. The major
ity of them were bonnd for the Solomon. From
this some idea may be formed of the emigration."
The Florence rttmecr says: Marion connty
bavins; heretofore been represented in the Legis
lature by democrats, it is now proposed to send s'
repuoiican xruui x torouce, aim uimwiinuucc wuu
that idea Dr. Boot will be a candidate for the
position.
The Saltua ffsroW&ays: Mr. Receiver Wagstaff
informs us 'that a few days since Mr. Wm. Farrell,
in proving np on his homestead entry, made affi
davit and proved uy two creuiDie witnesses, tnat
he is the head of a family consisting of twenty
two children. Who can beat this! We pause
for a reply.
TheNeodcsha Cirizrs says: "A. J. Mannen, a
settler living in Colfax township, in this county,
lost by a prairie fire one day hut week, almost
everything he possessed, which included thirty
acres of corn, a lot of wheat in the bin, stable, a
number of pigs, considerable fencing and about
twenty tons of bay."
The Baxter Springs Scntimal says: "The Otta
wa and Peoria Indians were paid their annnities
from the United States on last Wednesday. The
Peorias received in the aggregate twelve thousand
dollars, averaging $70 per capita. The amount
paid to the Ottawas was small, only averaging
$7 or $8 per capita.
The Clay Centre Independent U responsible for
this: A three-year old in Clay Centre, the other
day, asked his motner u "Mrs. ooa naa to hd nex
own washing." He was immediately sent out to
tho yard to play.
A lad ten years of age, son of D. S. Bentleyt of
La Cyguc, was killed on Saturday last, by being
thrown from a buggy. Dorsey Wilson, of La
Cygne, was killed atlToldcu, Missouri, a few days
ago, by being thrown from a horse.
Killed. On Tuesday last, Mr. John Ormston.
of Mclutyre Creek, Pottawattnmie county, with
his wife, were driving np the creek from their
residence. JustbeforereachingMr.ButterworthV,
one of the horses got the line under her tail, and
upon Mr. Ormston trying to pull it out rommeu
ced to kick and run. The tongue also became
detached from tho ncckyoke, mid as the team
made a sudden turn the wagon upset, killing Mr.
Ormston, and injuring his w ife but not seriously.
Mr. Ormston was an Kuglishuuui, about IU years
of age, aud owned one oftho best farms in that
part of Pottawatomie comity. He leaves (by a
former wifo four daughters. One of them is
married to Mr. Parker, ou Elbow creek, one to
Wm. Frazer, on Cedar creek, one to Orlando Legore,
on Mclutyre creek, and oue is yet unmarried.
A'atioaatitf.
Accident. Mr. Z. H. Hoob, of Woodson conn
ty, as we learn from the Neosho Falls Jdrcrtitcr,
fell from a stack of hay on the S7th rut., aud
caught upon a three pronged pitchfork standing
against the stack. The middle prong penetrated
between the ribs, passing within one inch of his
heart, to the depth of eight inches, the poin
striking tho collar bone, and breaking oft the
prong near the head of the fork, leading about
one inch of the butt end of the fork protruding.
Mr. Wm. Waldrip seized the prong, but could not
remove it until his sou came to his assistance,
when by their united efforts they drew it out.
Mr. Hoobs is recovering.
A MAX named Frank Mackabee was found dead,
hanging by his neck to a tree, Friday morning,
near V cstporta short distant e from Kansas City.
It is supposed that he wan murdered iu this man
ner by a party of nuknow n .men, for $900 which
ho had in his possession the day before. There
were evidences of a desperate struggle for lifo ou
his part. His neck was broken aud his tongue
nearly bitten in two. The ground w.is deeply
indented and furrowed whi.ru he had been l.agg d
to his death. Several notes and certificates for
money iu bis pocket were untouched. Ho licd
on Blue, and his remains will bo forwarded to his
widowed mother. His father was killed by the
guerillas during tlie war, and his brother is in a
lunatic asylum, having slain a mail last J ear.
Mackabee was a shrewd business man, and did
not bear an evil reputation. No clue to tho mur
derers at this w ritiug.
Found Deap. A man by tho name of Mahouey
was found dead ou tho Central Branch track this
I momiiig about a mile from the depot. A hole
naa luuuti in uus urau unti u is mongut ue was
shot. Major Downs informed the coroner w ho
summoned n jury; we have not heard the result
of the in e-tigation. The ictim was an employ e
on the road. Jtchuon Patriot.
Fire at Hiawatha. About two oVlock on
Sunday morning the billiard hall of Mr. Joseph
C. Owens, at Hiawatha, was burned to the ground.
None oftho proerty was saved iu tho building,
aud the man in the upjier story caniu ntar losing
his life, and had great dlUculty in saving his fam
ily, having to drop bis children from the second
story window, ami jump down himself. The fire
is supposed to be the w ork of an incendiary. The
building was insured for $1,000 each in the St.
Joseph Fire and Marine and the Hartford, and
there was an insurance of 1,000 on the furniture
iu the Merchants of this city. St. Joseph Gazette.
Tragedy at AniLEXE, Tlie Lawrence Journal
contains tne following particulars or a tragedy
at Abilene: v
"Wild 11:11, on Thursday cvenir", at Abilene.
added two more victims to the long catalogue of
tnose woo uave pertsuca at ins deadly nand. Wo
learned the following meager particulars from a
colored man who came down on the train from
Abilene. It appears that these men had been
drinking in a saloon, and becoming somewhat in
toxicated, attacked Bill, one of the part v, whose
name was Mike Williams, discharging his revol
ver at him, bnt without effect. Bill immediately
drew and fired twice at him, both shots taking
effect iu Jthe body, and killing him instantly. He
then turned and shot the other, whose namo was
Philip Cole, a Texan, through the stomach, and
it was thought he could not live until morning.
All we could leant concerning Williams wss that
be was a resident of Abilene, and that he bad at
one time been a police officer in Kansas City."
It is reported that the postoffice at Emporia
was robbed last night of all the postage stamps
and $500 in -money.
The Wichita Yideile says it has seen some fine
cotton raised in Sedgwickcounty grown from seed
which was planted last May. The editor declares
that Sedgwick county is eminently fitted for cot ton
culture, and believes it wonld prove a profitable
crop.
Tshe editor nf the Enreka Herald tells ns he has
a rich specimen of lead taken from near the south
line of the county. Indications of lead, he sa a,
exist in many places ou Spring creek, and the
Osages were in the habit of procuring it from that
locality.
The Snraner City Gazette says:
A halC-dozeo teams came into town to-day load
ed withbuffalo meat. Bnfalo are now within
ten miles of town aud can beseeii grazing by the
thousands. All who are fond of the sport had
better go now, as they are migrating animals and
may see proper to move very soon farther svest.
Twa.risHtsierer.
The New York Tritmnt writes its meditations
upon the manner in which Fisk and Gould have,
reached the dizzy height of their glorious fame.
Fisk, fonr years ago, went to New York a parvenu
from a Yankee peddler's cart. He had a brief
career as a shoddy contractor in Boston no w he
controls a gigantic railway corporation and
spends several fortunes 'annually on his personal
vices, which have become the .scandal oftbe coun
try. Daring the first year of Fish's manipula
tion the share capital of the Erie was increased
$,000100 in positive defiance of law. During
the next years the illegitimate increase was $32,
536,910, making the total share capital $7&53610,
while the landed debt stood mtt3MSjSO0. The
swelling of lisbtlities represented only $6297,067.
83 increase of assets, oft which a large porportion
went back to Fisk aadGoald by way of contracts,
etc They covered np these robberies nnder the
film of a clause the New York- Railroad law,
which authorises the teaarsace of bonds.
The Keasox Wht BtrnJta is Stboxo. The
New York'jrU raqairra how it happens that
Butler came so near Maw she aaecestor of Robert-
n Winthroo. John B. (JMnid. John A. Andrew.
'and other eminent Chief Magistrates of the old
Bay State. Tne JsTsu answers its question as
follows:
"We should say that the' secret of Butler's
strength has been his fearless opposition to char
tered monopolies sad totheaggremiom of corpo
rations on the people, and his avowed determina
tion to enforce all the laws est the statute books.
As to the former. Butler's record has been consis
tent from the time when, as a young lawyer, he
stopped the wheels of a big factory until the wages
of a poor female operative had been paid. Incon
sistent on all other questions, be has been consist
teat in his hostility to the- corporations that to
day are ruling and oppressing the country. The
people of Massachusetts have of late taken a deep
Interest in this subject, and they find in Batter
the most rWtigeiwot, powerful and fearless leader
now" prwmhient."
THUfGAMTJICtS.
r&v Kx-OorerBSf tah. afCessncticnt, tr earned by
Uaparty for euUfcnj down u tteawenaw vote in taat Bute
by gMnj l,oeo toward a new sehsal boose.
rvAnOinkoeh preacher sat down on a hornet's nut,
which seaae bays had accreted nnder the polpit cnahion.
aTs ant atj stain
7 tW Wssaaestal ret,'' is what an unkind ditto calls
JooJaMBtar'a rhymes.
ESTThea have to paste howuflla over the cracks of the
Bndeoa jslfts keep Istofether and retake tho prisoners.
nasWsath Jordan, aged Its, la' the eldest woman in
7jgaaa VerdsBMsaoMnedtotraveL"
fSPntVobmA; tight made his leMh ballonn sacra
atoantss Cereals, ea the Mth or Angnst- We think John
tJHieiytppie.ai.Wy becked a aky-Lbt.
r-T- I TJ sheen husband eat off hie wtfo'a hair when
ahewas eeleep, and purchased a jog of w kinky with Ik
7 A dead negreaaat LoolaTille, Ky, over, whom the
Uutritee were being celebrated, aatonuhed the mourners
by rising in her eottin and asking: "Whata de matter
darl"
ry A GeorgU parent didn't favor hU daughter's lover,
andbet him a hundred dollars that he wonldn t marry her.
The parent lost.
CT The PitUhurg Port propoeea Gen. George B. Mc
Cl3Lnd for the Prtildency, which the 2ew York CM
considers "a poet-tern nomination."
fjy Mrs. Senator Ames Is a mother. Senator Ames a fa
ther, and Butler is a grandfather, ami the child is a boy.
The Weriiaaya Butler la tiring to persuade hl constitu
ents that he U a great grandfather.
ry An Iowa, postmaster advertises a letter addressed
to -the man who leaves hia male hitched all day every oth
er Sunday in the alley near the Carey school."
ry Paul de Knock; It ia aald by hb intimate frienda.
died of grief becauae of the destruction of hi beautiful
homo i KnauMilla. This house was a raarvel of beantr.
It contained a private theatre, and was filled with some of
we one wuru oi mi ie mu. m hhihhmmi mum
among all literary men of his country, be received no deco
ration from any vf the many governments he saw come and
go.
15?" X pataeegeron the steamer. Costa Bica, from Toko
buna to Jiuuji(ud, writes, July 13: "We have a prince
onboard, area! lite Japanese prince of countleea genera
tlona, of the purest blood, with ten of hia two-sworded re
tainera aa body-ruard--a prince, tuo, of boundleaa green
acres bnt oar Yankee-born captain. Inarnslhle fellow to
blood, teems to think nothing of it. lie carries princes,
he eaya, every trip. "Princes are nothing to him.'
ty The telegraph asya that some of the banks have
complained of a scarcity of fractional currency, and a new
supply ia being, printed for them at the treasury depart
menu We know a great many individual who are euSer
Ing from the aame complaint. Will the government sup
ply them alaol
ly.The Kkw ;York Jndtprudemt, (a church militant
Journal,! Is of Ms- optniua that while women who dance the
German are against female snflrace, those who translate
German are furit- Whereupon, the handsome eibtur of
the Chicago HepnUiean km a: "Let ua hai o more danc
ing ecbooU Uienr
y A Kew York court haa sentenced U ichael Terhune
to a term of imprisonment for manslaughter, tie ia good
timber for a lammauy politician, when he gets to be old
enough at preeent be is only ten y eara of age.
rjy Sometime about the latter end of thia mouth. Ifpre
dictmns shuuld be fiiiallcd, there will be a rain of atars or
meteors, similar to that which alarmed the people of this
country many years ago.
ty The Cincinnati Commercial urges the necessity fur
the establishment of a "newspaper library" acmewbucin
this country, in which the buund annual lllee of at least
one hundred leading journals ahull be kept fur the benefit
of the public
ry A Detroit druggist has on exhibition something
that the Detroit Free l'reu calls "a strange cuno-dty." it
isthelund andrurtvf tbearui of amjn, perfectly petriti
ed. out still eho-ting every wrinkle of the fleh, lae nails
on the niieers, and the joints. The cunts and muscles can
be difctinctly traced iu the st-ine. it was found near a
Missouri battle Held, and l bebeved to be a relic of aurgl
cal work, the arm seeming to have the appearance of bar
ing been unjointed at the elbow.
ty The Tammany ring have found a abort cut to im
mortality. When a Tammany othce-holder dies, under the
municipal government, they do not stiike his name from
the pay rolls, but some loving friend, already bidding an
olncr. a-me forward and draws the dead numa pay as well
aa his own. The custom is a "touching" one especially to
the pockets of the 'ew York tax layers. This ia about
the only immortality the Tanimanjitni are Iikelj to achieve,
but it is characteristic that it shuuld be reaibed throuch
thievery.
ry Although virtue m its own reward, a substantial pe
cuniary compensation for well duing is not unpleasant; and
that ia what the New York Ttnus has lut experienced to
the tune of 130.000, as a gift from the honest people fur its
labors hi exposing the Tammany frauds. The gift is hand
some, but the services vf the timet wia save the city mill
Ions. Br" A dinner between three aged persons, each of whom
haslung aurvited the allotted time uf lire, took place on
the 23th ult, at the residence ofCaptiin LathlHuh, at X'n.
513 Third avenue, Xew York. It wasgiten by Car. Larh
biih, who is oue hundred and six jeers olil, to Iter. Chas.
Cleveland, of Iimtton, aged one hnndred years, and the hit
ter's sister, aged eight) -seven years.
ty The Xew York Timet says: "The scene created by
Butler at the meeting In, tyringneld must have disgusted
every Intelligent man in jfasaaehuiM-tta with then- rowdy
candliiate for the Governor's chair. The worst vf General
Butler is that his Judgment and Uuiper may get many de
grees worse as he growa older."
ry On the morning of the 12th inst. a number of aged
ciuzens uf itairimore vuited Washington City in celebra
tion of the defenso of Washington, in which tney took part
in leu. They were met by their old couirades inarms, and
Gen. St. John, Ik L. hkinner, of New York welcomed them,
inabrkf address. Altogether there were nearly 1 00 of
the veterans, some vf tlitm scarcely able to walk, from old
age.
fy We see It stated that the whipping post has been
re-erected all over the State of Virginia, and in Chester
neld County, especially, there is a Justice Cox who greatly
favors this method of punishment, especially where the vf
fendera are negroes., btrsnge to eay. the thicks are said to
prefer noggiogjlo iniprojuiuuent. Jjut although, they may
be satisueit and Justice Cox also, wecannct say that we
bke flogrfne in great Virginia any better Ihju we have
khed il In little Delaware. Ifculnrits prefer it, why that
is only another, argument against it. Justice Cox dorscn't
flog them because they bke it, but because it is cheaper fur
the country. Much he cares for the preferences of the "nhr
gerst" X I". Triaeae.
fy The season for running needles into your foot and
finding them coming out ot the back, having arrired, we
can launch ont our story. A lady of cur acquaintance last
summer ran a darning needle Into ber foot, and the other
day she received a letter frura an uncle in California, whum
she had not seen for years, atating that he pulled the same
ut-cTuc out. us uis leii snouiuer. araMie .ynaari.
tsT When Lydia Thompson, the other night, sang:
May Grant return the lot
Or presents that he's got,
li I erer cease to Ioe.
She waa hissed and applauded, the applause drowning the
biases seven time. 1 be Sun says that onlv tenofanau
dience of 1,700 hissed, and aums up the political result sa
fer Grant, 10-i Dr. Greeley I.S9U.
ry A boy get lost in an Illinois cornfield the other day
aniiwandered around fur twenty four hours before he waa
found. Cornfield sre no trilling affairs in Illinois.
fy At a recent church weddinz In Em-land, the bride's
pet terrier got In somehow, and when the groom adminis
tered the kiss, the faithful animal "went fur him" with a
vengeance.
ty A Kentucky man anlte the atu-attona of bsack
smith and barber. In moment of abstraction he usee a
man' face a an aavtland therasurasa hammer. This
treatment wears set the anvil rapidly.
ryAn uterestlngeaae was tried before an Evanavule
justice a few days ago. A man named Dugaa had been
killed by a runaway horse. A subscription wss taken np
for the benefit of the widow and children. John Dugan,
brother of the deceased, collected the subscription, and sav
ed"the money, claiming that his brother was Indebted to
him at the time or hia death. On trial the widow obtained
Judgment and the charitable John had to disgorge.
fy The New Turk TrOmt charges that a Tammany
Iron King haa been formed, U furnish the Iron fur all the
city public works and bnildinga. It I en easv In this con
nection -to refer to the stealing-ring already established,
that any body can so refer, and the task Is left to other
hands than these.
ry The Williams County. O, agricultural society of
ten to admit free to their fair, every one who haa been a
resident oftbe County 33 years. If this thing had been
fureseen In 1833 there would have been a tremenduu emi
gration to WlUbuna Connty that year.
fy An Iasuaaput hi bead out of a railroad car at Oma
ha to look at a passing train. When he put it in again be
hadn't any head Worth speaking abouL Lot the pour lo
an. fy A wouuuwas arrested in Camden the other day fur
whipping her husband In the streets. And served her
right, too. When a woman want to whip her huaband,
she should take him by the ear, lead him opatleaat two
pairsfstairSrthrnst him into chamber, and the wallop
him In a pleaaant'snd civilized manner, and not make a
public exhibiUon oftbe affair.
ry A hell of iiglitniag eatered a boose recently, perfo
rated s pile of china plate without fracturing any vf them,
and set fire to a denujohn of whisky standing in a cloaeL
It waa eridsnUya.Ttemp--rsnce bolt, and if our temperance
friend couhl only secure Ua arrricea, there wvuU be s
singular amlUgratlon la a great many closets.
ry The astl Masonic society vf Vermont recently held
a m-etJsg and asVfod reaulutiona declaring that they will
support toe laws of the' State which are designed toaup
preaaeecret aodeSka, aast will uppuso all attempt to re
peal thorn, aa they ecwsMcv all secret societies, vf whaler,
cr fta-m or dcaigmdjon, aa hostile to Bepublican Institution
and cbu-igeroaa to onr civil and religion libertiea. It waa
raratcsl that taw association Is laN-reaslag ia numbers, and
wul probably soso caeeed, ia this respect, any of the se
cret order of the State.
tag.
ry The aoamB-rfty of President Grant with the people
of OU-.' a bstec manifested In many waya during the pro-
tcuvuinaHOS.
fy A ameflaas savage writer In the Sterling (Ky.)
KtmHrnd la la favor af reiaaletiag Garrett Darls upon the
United States ssasti for another aia year. The secret of
this advocacy la, -we sappose, that while the unrelenting
old bore I fox Washington the people at home are free from
hia look-thai. They send him away In self defense.
ry Hon. Virgil Drlpkinl Partis, who is one of the oM
fashioaed Democrat down in Maine who weald aa aana
think of lyiag asaf accraiiagtbeame-KlnienU a dead Is
sue, advertise that he haa "srecraf -il bavrosrrs
which aneted ei tr the blend stilned deck crfthat world-re-nownedahlpar
our navy, the Csoatitntioe, lathe Victori
an eiigsaisaiels wwhfehe British cralserala the war of
iat"dtha h-lUnveMor themtoUMtowBoror
gaalsed jlsautten t Milne "that ahall make for the Deav
eerettc iisdllslstarCavernorattbe next annual election
the greatest per eent. set (aia ea the vote given for the
Bmtrnu nutitoUfirGmnBrtmimr
ry The eplaksa af Senses Greeley that food
sinks are wanted asentaeaiveiin it set anal the an.
peoral of Mia Anthony- That lady saagmU that Oreettv
aassldWrentetwebeanaawldacteraueMS
-avesth, before be made any niore rcjnarta at
SsJnkissl.
ty Two Tagnehsiiiii have been eaten up. by the Tee,
Jraaaavwho apeak highly of their tenderness sad Barney
savor, a
fy OM Richard BenuVy.
he pabllsJ
Peauaiore
ewa, ajxion, jaarryan, ingmosoy.
Present. jsaased away, labia Trthyrar.ea fhuiaay. Be
meaMMta penusiuag nones .watch bear his Basse, aast
haalabeaialdfnraUeceaetUlttevaryJurtgneataa4
hosprUMy social oeaeMea, aad-waaaaeef the -oU stand-bys'-of
literary LaadoaC Be leareaa son. Mr. Gears
Btwtlr.a the head eftlMnnaa. woo ia aaMts-naJaatd
ezanent fraaVsaaa. wed qaaUOrd to M hiuthVvMe
la the later graeralUa. hUchard Bratlry f asiiil heat-
frtslrrylS
seminar the Cacdragkwsl sWPicsMeot oa tsw dceaVlsaas
'aalrew Jaakaeni Derle va ska- Huron, ft,
wrotei
what he knew aheat farBUBg sauWsprritaal-laJa-
Frank Leslie hu a stinger. The scene
front verandah of a handsome New York reside-,,
Tto characters are Miss Jones, the yonnc UnvS
the house, and a nobby-Iookiag young man wiiv.
eye-glasses and side whiskers, wearing the aim!?
andcarryingtheimplemcntsofaglazier, to wWl
Miss Jones says: uo
"My dear Andy, I cannot consent to tnarrvi-,-,
yon while ren are nothing but a poor glazier g
Andjrglazierj,-deedt hn.millia1BL
COSRESPOXDEXCE.
(Far Ot Chief.)
.v ClDAEC-x, October -th,la.
EDrroB Cnnr.--I have been looking around for the bat
month for some Items of news, but nothb "turns n.
W have no "Railroad Centre," coweoucnUy no ItaUroId
excitement. We have no long bridges to build, and no mors
bond to vote for. If we have none of the above, we hart
an Agricultural Centre, of which we wish to say a wort
For two yean back, a few farmers in this vicinity organize!
themselves Into a i'anucra Clab, and have continued in a
healthy growth cp to the present time. To night thej r,
holding s leva feast; looking over the ground they h,
travelled, comparing notes, and looking for new fieU, t
operate In.
The following persons waa elected for the coming year-
Jzssa James, President R. Hint, Vice President T. J.
Wnjnxsos, Secretary; D. S. Cntrsov, Treasurer; T C,"
Ciask, Corresponding Secretary: D. S. Ciursoi, Libranaa.
On motion the following named persons was appointed.
Committee to arrange matters for a Township orguiizatii.
with a view to holding a fair In the Township next Fill,
where the farmer can bring their stock, apples, peach;,
pears, grapes, and other productaof the farm and contptn,
them with their neighbors, before sanding tbet awaj ts
take the premium at ether fairs:
P. Wcrcaaa, D. 8. Cmrsox, J. Joxcs, T. P. Wiixisk)).
Commlttee,
Club adjourned to meet at Chapson School house, Frida,
evening, October 90th, where all who are favorable to i
Townahip organization are invited to attend.
T.J.r
Electiea Hfetice.
Notice la hereby given to the qualified electors of Dm.
phan Countv, State of Kansas, that a General Election a
beheldineoarormltywithlaw.oathe
7th shay f Iferewatser, Jk. a., 1SJ1,
at the several places of holding elections la said Count r,
which time, the fotlowlne County officers are to be rhmri.
to wit One Sheriff, one Coroner, three County ComraUaina.
era one Countv Clerk, one County Treasurer, one Ken.ur
of Deeds, one Coanty Surveyor, three Members of the Um
of Representative of the legislature, and one Railroad JU
sesoor. The aforr-tnentloned County Commissioners an4
Members of the legislature are apportioned as follow.
The Townships of low and Wolf River shall constltnte tk
1st District, the Townships of Centre ami Wayne, and! me
stitnte the 3ml District, and the Townships of Washiness.
Manonand Ilnrr Oak. shall rnustitnte the 31 Didrict: anl
no elector shall vote fr anv Connty Commissioner or E17.
resentatlre other than the Commissioner or Representatirt
District in which such elector shall reside.
Given nnder my hod. at office in Trov. this 9th dsv of Or
tober, A. D., I3T1. B.S.CAMrBELL.
Sheritfof Doniphan County.
AXXOITXCESIEIFFS.
Fee. $3, la Advauace.
Sheriff.
JOSEPH nAYTOX is a candidate for Sheriff of Pool-
K' an County, subject to the decision of the RcpubUcaa
unty Convention.
We are authorized to announce the name of SAMTEL
MAQDILKEJf. of White Cloud, as a ramlii'ste for Soenft.
st the coming electinn. subject to the decision of the IteptuV
lican Connty Convention.
CHARLES J. JOXES. or Troy, will submit his name ts
the RepnUican County Convention, fur nomination for the
office of Sheriff.
'LEWIS MERRITT will be a candidate for Sheriff ot
Doniphan County, at the coming election.
CoWMfff X MlSWf I IV
RtinERT TRACY i a candidate for Treasurer of Don!,
phan County, at the November election, subject to a noml
nation by the Republican County Convention.
B. S. CA MPBELL will be a eandiiUte for County Treas
urer, at the ensuing Fall election, subject to the decision of
tlie KepuuHcaa County Convention.
County Clert:
CHARLES RAPPELTTE Is a candidate for the office of
County Clerk, at the ensuing November election, subject t
the decUion oftbe Republican Nominating Canvention.
JOHN T. KIKWAN will be a can ll-Iste for re-electia
to the office of County Clrrk, at the rnuin. November eke
tion. aubject to the decision of the Kepubucan County Cou
vention. Jiegttter of Deerfx.
FREDERICK J. CLOSE, of Highlsn.l. is a candidate f. r
the office of Register of Dt-eds, subject to tho deciskm of tlw
Republican County Convention.
DUNCAN McIXTOSH isacandidstn for re-election ts
the office of Register of Deeds, subject to the Kepiibhcia
County Convention.
F
IIXE let of Men. And Bora Ilat ami Cipn at
C VT. XQXES,
p29L
aTTEKNSWARB AND GLASSWANK Jw, bv
-Lr2&
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Trait wlrnt Tlaae bats Maua)ctIai'Nl
The nuxfm that the ru!cc nf the people U the voice of th
tUrinity, may In aonie cajtc, be open to douttt but the tti
moDjofhoDestaDilrnUgbttMwitncscMraextsrnilinsthntnh a aerie of year, and all to the aame purport, ia worthy of
credence, admit of no quetion. TJpon aach tratlmony the
reputation of HoAtetter Stunacla Bittera aa jlq antidot
and enre for many ailmenta ia baaed. JDorlag the twrat j
years that it has been before the world, innumerable pre
paration intended to compete with it, hare gone up hk
mcleta, and come down the eitlnsuiahed attest. Mean
while the progress of that Incomparable tunic haa beta
swift and steady alwaya upward an 1 onward like the ea
gle's flight, Ita intrnloctlun pmdaeeda rerol ation In tht
npeotka, and it prored to be one of those salutary reTolrv
tions that cannot go back wanla. To-day Uoatetter'a Bitten
Is one oftbe most popular remetlies in cluiateodom, and cum
roawlsa larger sale than any otter nfcdldnat preparation,
domeaUcor imported, on thiaaitlo of the Atlantic. Aaa
cure for dyadepaia, bUlloos dlaordera, nerrooa aaTcctioo
general debility, and as a prereetire of epidemle ferer. ft
takes precedence of erery otherremedy This fact abooid
teach the ambltiona country dealers who endeavor to faint
their local abortions on the public in Its nXmttak futile
their small attempt to cajole the community must neceaiw
rlly be. Where the game flab hare failed there Is no chance
for the "sucker.
OBTTI.tlG 3UBMBB.
Essats ros Yocxa Met, on great SOCIAL FVILR and
ABUSES, which interfere with MARRIAGE with sure
means of relief for the Erring and Unfortunate, deeeased
and debilitated. Sent free, in sealed envelope Address,
HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. a, S. Ninth St, PhOsdel
phla.Pa. mch33yl.
Wanted Agents Fororjr new work,
PrWO-PtAslT:
Br Da.Glo.U-Nirnzis. In both English and German.
Price (2.00. This brave, pure book ia the greatest success
of the year, and ia selling at the rate of thousand of cop
lea per month. Among late report are: 89 in live days,
118 In one week. 37 in one day.3d In three week. Ac
Manyagenta never order lea than US to 360 copies! a
time. 3J00 copies have been sold in a single County. Send
for pamphlet, aie.
Address, E. H ANNA FORD A CO. Pnhllshers.
ocLSwt. 1T7 West Fourth Street, tin.
AttackmcBt Ilice.
Before IL N.Searer, Justice of thePeace,inand'forlowa
Tuwaship, Doniphan County, Kanaa.
Alexander H. Bayleaa 1
And Edward 8-Irrin. iPlamtifls.
vs. i
Jsmee Gamble, J Defendant.
OX the SSth day of September, A. D. 1871. aald Justice
iasurd an order of attachment la the above entitled ac
tion, for tbe sum of eighty-two dollar and forty-asvea cents.
II&.47.) Said cause will be beard before aald Justice, at ID
o'clock. A. IL. on the 9th dav of October, A. D. ItTtl. at
Highland, Kansas. ALEXANDER H. BAYLESS.
EDWABD 8. IRVTN.
Octobers. ISTl-tw. Pre fee, li
Aftachmeat Ifatice.
Before H.X.Seaver, Justice of the Peace, in and for Iowa
Towtwhip, Doauphan Connty. Kanaa.
Wllnaas Pardon, lPlaiatat.
va. i
James Gamble. Defendant.
OS the SMh day of September. A. D. 1871. aald Juatico
lasued aa order of attachment la the above entitled sc-thm-fortheassaiof
tweatytwo doBara, (VS.) Said cause
wmbebeaHbeforeaaHJailc,atIlo'cVKkA.Jt,nth
atth day af October, A. 0. 18TL at nknlandTKansas.
WlilXVM PARDON.
October 5, ISIl-aw. IV recti
THE GBEAT CAUSE
OF
''Jut PlifsY at af in a BmltdBnuMy. Prieu six einU.
ATsiaaasasi at rTauhnra, Tijatnaeat auad Bauti
cat ears of Besalaal Weaknea. erSparatatonrhoM, Induced
hySeKAbesslBTObsatary Inaiail ua. Impetenrv. Nrrr-eeDekrir,aadImnedlaButasUrHaame.viCoo-antiea.iVleay.
sad Fltsi Meatat ajrf Plsralesl Inca
pacity. Ae-By Boaj.CULVKKWELUMTb, Anthor
of tbe "Green Book. Ac
The world rvaowwsl author, in thia sdmh-able Lecture.
clearly pravr (rem hia own experience that the awful coo
senweaereeftMf. Abase may be eflectaally removed witb
eai nasiUelnea. and wHaewt oangeroas surgical epmtioov
hoaglea, Insli umi at. rings, or eordial. rsimting eat a
awsbofeureatonee eertam sad enVetnal by which erery
snskrer. no saattor what hia condition may be, may cure
kinase ft cheaply, prtrately. and. radically. This lectors
wgprevatMtthonsndandlhoossnls
Seat nader seal fai a nlstn mnkM tA u, aAAtvw. oo
reeeiptetacenuor two postage atampa., by addressing
Aaa DK. CULYKkTWELL'8 Qtarriage Golde,- prk 4
ieenta. I j
CsWJiskeT.O.aWXIIfcldkCsy.,
JiT ntsweaj, Ifew Teark. Port Omce Bui. J
y-
KF yea have any Money, and waat to get the worth f Ik
t C.W. NOTES,
sep-g,
-r
a
1
"d
L-
Cf!. J-,
.-t. --m