HARRINGTONS LETTERS.
Emm Our Own Correspondent.
Boston, Wednesday, November 22,18'1.
tok doctors.
Il t« strange but it did not occr rto the '‘rggu-
Urs” who held an ii qul»W.o, yesterday, on the j
homeopathists, to curry on their proceedings in i
Latin. Then they have allowed t'ae report i
ers to enter and make what they could of the
proceedings. AU medical myaterUn ought who
carried on by the use of a dead language of some
sort. Perhaps yon retnembor how the pharma
cists, last winter, fought for th* privilege of mak
ing their reelpea in Latin. They said,—and this
was plausible.—that Latin was the universal
tongue, au.i that a .lose of thoroughaort could be
called for bv its l^ttin name in Moscow, Constan
'tinople, .Icrusalom, Sen Francisco Md Madagas
car, and obtained; the stillful apothecary being
able to take the requirod article from his ahelr,
when thus nawwi, without any risk of making a
mistake. The suggestion that the patient might
like to know what he was taking under
the universal title was received with de
rision. What was it to him? Only the phar
macist was interested. So the proposition
-was voted down Encouraged by this, the
learned men made an effort to get a
law passed, lucrearing the mystery and monopoly,
bat in this they failed. B-ct this is a reminis
cence. Why is the medical profession so much
more absurd than any other? To be sure, the
legal t»nd the ministerial class try to keep up the
bars, and occasionally we hear of a trial, but we
seldom have anything among them quite so
Tidicuious as tho proceeding of yesterday. Yet
it is defensible on all grounds except that of com
mon sense. Surely, if the Massachusetts medical
society disapproves ot homeopathy, it ought not
to be compelled to “fellowship” with those who
practice according to that system; and why
should the latter, knowing that the society they
belong; to disapproves ot their practice and de
spises their dogmas, insist on retaining member
ship? The rule laid down that it is unworthy
an honorable physician and member to belong to
a sect whose purpose is at variance with the prin
cipies of, and tends to disorganize, theold society,
ought to commend itself sufficiently to the
homeopaths to enable them to see their way
clear to withdraw. What do we say of the mm
who stays in the company where he is not
wanted, even though he tnay have legal
right there? As for the statement that it is un
becoming to “practice according to an exclu
sive theory or dogma,” there may be a difference
cf opinion about that. Pretty nearly everything
in medical practice, on both sides, is dogma, and
the absurdities of homeopathy are scarcely more
ridiculous than those of allopathy. The careful
grandmother who insists that her daughter's or
her son’s children shall at certain periods of
each year be dosed with—brimstone and mo
lasses, for instance —works according to a dogma,

the dogma of either school of medical practice.
1 know that the old school insist that they do not
dogmatize; but they deceive themselves. Now,
on the other band, what harm do Dr Gregg and
Dr Talbot and Dr Thayer, and the others woo
are on trial, and wtio were years ago admitted to
membership in theold society on their general
medical capacity,—what harm is done to any
body bv their pracdcing according to Hahne
man’n's’dogma—if they are credulous enough to
believe in it? Their general capacity is not dis
puted, but they have apostatized. They have
made up their minds that there is something in
homeopathy, or, what is perhaps truer, they see
that the humbug is more popular than the old
humbug,—why nut let them go their own way
This is doubtless the way it strikes the
large majority of the people, and accordingly
nine men out of ten are cn the broad grin at the
whole affair. Homeopath? spreads, not because
people, when you pin them down to it, believe
in it, but because it is a protest against calomel
and jalap and bleeding, as Methodism was a pro
test against the “grand old ugliness," (as Rev
Mr Ames called it the other oay) of Calvinism,
and as spiritualism satisfies the craving desire for
a belief in another wond, which the common run
of orthodox and liberal preachers have not brains
enough to deduce from nature or revelation, or
which, perhaps, cannot be ueduced from nature
or revelation by any amount of brains. And
homeopathy, like spiritualism, is peculiarly open
to toe qnack. It rtquiresno great outfit of in
telligence to practice it in the average country
town, or in the city. If you can persuade the
sick man that there is some mysterious way in
which the spoonful ot diluted nothing works, that
is all you want. You can find half a-dozen tum
blers in every house, the pump is handy, and the
youngest child can watch the clock, and al! the
patient is required to do is to rake his spoonful
every half-hour, or two hours, and then
pay the bill, or let it be settled bv
his administrator. Mr Emerson said
once that the only difference between having a
doctor and not having one, is this: If you don't
have one you die; if you do have one you die,
but in this last case your relations find out what
you died of. Not unless a learned man is called
in to make an examination, lor I take it the prin
cipal trouble, witu allopath and homeopath, is,
that the big or the little dose is given generally
without the slightest idea, or with only a gm st,
more or less shrewd, as to what ails the patient
and what the effect of the medicine isto be. There
seems to be something exact in surgery, but
dosingds mostly guess-work. The laugh being all
against the old-liners, we ought not to increase
its volume, and really there is something so con
temptible in the whole globule system, with its
Simula similibus (derived, way back of Hahne
mann, from tho man of Thessaly, who scratched
his eyes out by jumping into onejbrier-bush, and
scratched ’em in again by jumping into another),
that we oannot afford to let the old society be
laughed at too much. It has more learning than
the new school, and learning is, in the long ran,
the-foe to dogma and superstition, and ought to
tie encouraged as against empiricism.
THE LAWYERS.
Akin to this subject is the claim of the legal
profession to be the best judges as to who ought
to sit upon the bench ot the superior court. I
have been accused by the Plymouth Sentinel of
making an ungenerous thrust at Chief Justice
Chapman, in connection with the opposition to
Mr E. IL. iPierce, which has resulted iu his rejec
tion. 1 have never heard it intimated that Judge
Chapman meddled in the matter, and, of course,
I made no allusion to him in relation to it. It
does not fallow that because the chief justice of
the S. J. C. gave a ridiculous opinion on the sub
ject of the nomination of Mrs Howe and Mrs
Stevens, that be would enter into a mean in
trigue to defeat a candidate for a judge of the
court below turn. Not at all. Brigham and
Chester4.-Reed were thejudges on whomlturned
what the Sentinel calls my “malignant fury." I
hear that Brigliam denies that be had anything
to do with it, but nobody denies Seed's share in
it. I presume he will readily admit it himself.
And nobody has denied, as far ae i have seen,
that the animus of the court, or of those judges
who took apart io the intrigue, was a spirit of
revenge upon Mr Pierce tor intimating, when he
Ml pros'd the Wareham adultery case, that it was
of no use to try a rich and influential man before
such a tribunal for that fasbionalke crime.
Some of toe councilors have, as I know,
given this as a reasoa for rejecting
him. If Mr Pierce ever committed
any other offense in the eyes of Reed, or Brigham,
or any other of the j ustun s of the superior court,
the public has not beard of it. I o the estimation
of lawyers he has committed offenses enough.
The writer in the Sentinel does not like him, I
suppose, because he opposed hie appointment to
the office of district attorney. Lobbyists gen
erally distrusted him on account of bis opposi
tion to “Hartford and Erie.” The writer talks
about the executive council as a body which had
an “independent dutr to perfor.m, to judge of the
fitness ot Mr Pierce fir judge, and were bound to
inform themselves upon the point" Bab! The
council would have had no doubt of Mr Pierce's
qualifications if thev uai not been lobbied to
oeath on it by bench and bar, and the writer in
the Sentinel knows it. The idea that William L
Reed, or Crowell, or Stoddard, or Underwood, or
Winn, ever lost any sleep at night, or suffered
any anxiety by day, lest the interests ot clients iu
the civil courts should be neg ecu d, or the law in
the criminal courts should be badly adminstered
if Mr Pierce should be appointed an associate
J“*’.ioe, is too absurd v, be considered for a mo-
r a«nt. These are th? last things they thought of,
and they will not thank any one for interposing
any each cant In their behalf. Does this writer sup
pose that tbepe.iple don’t know what the average
councilor is m do of? He is Just like the average
man of every other sort. In the present case,
enough of them to turn the scale, allowed them-
I selves to be made the Instruments of malice and
I revenge by two or three or more mean fellows
I who have judicial posh ions, and a squad of small
I lawyers who by instinct are opposed to Independ
ent men on the bench. The Sentinel thinks that
I the testimony of lawyers is the most valuable
that councilors can get as to the qualifications
lor Judges. I don’t. I think it is the least
valuable, next to that of the deputy sheriffs and
door-keepers, who have just as much right to dic
tate judicial appointments as the lawyers have.
If their advice is best, let us change the constitu
tion so that thev may e’ect the judges in bar
meeting. The nretenso is absurd They are pe
culiarly unfit. The Sentinel save I have sneered
at “legal learning." Never L-gal learning in
deed! I know the "average” lawyer of the city
and the country town, having seen him low of
times in toe Legislature. 11 there is anybody in
the community who is foreordained and predes
tinated to be ignorant of legal prin-
I ciples, it is the small city aud coun
I try lawyer, just as the small doctor is
the last person' to be called In when you are ill,
I and the smsll minister the last one to be entrust
!ed with the duty of spiritual consolation. The
i degree, the diploma, the “Rev,” the “M. 11,” or
the certificate of admission to the bar, goes for
nothing except in the estimation of the ignorant,
on whom all these quacks prey. These factitious
badges and signs by which a knave or an ass is
enabled to impose on the community, ought to
lie done away with, in the ease of the bar and
j tho judiciary, advice by the former as to the
proper person to be made a judge, o ght partic
j olarly to be avoided. Instead of this, wo see
councilors trying to screen themselves behind
I the opinion of a set of men whose opinion ought
I never to be sought for at ail, and always to tie
received with suspicion. It is said that Mr Ba
con of Natick, now one of the judges of the mu
mcipal court, has been nominated for judge of
the superior. We shall see if Mr Crowell and the
rest insist upon going about to inquire of law
i vers or anybody else what his qualifications are.
Luckily the election is over, and there will be no
need of postponement in order to ascertain what
i effect confirmation or rejection will have on the
I political prospects of any of the councilors, aud
I so we may expect a speedy decision of the ques-
I tion.
ITEMS.
There is little said about the city election. The
old rotten borough city committee insists on
I making a republican nomination for mayor,
probably without any expectation of defeating
Mr Gaston, butonly of getting a chance at some
of the minor offices.
The Radical club had a pleasant meeting at
Kev Dr Bartol’s house cn Monday. Mr Cranch's
poem was a good one, bitter against the papacy,
las becomes a radical who has lived in Rome. Mr
I Dwight and Dr Bartol talked pleasantly for a few
moments in relation to tneir old college days with
I the poet, and then, followed a conversation of
I about the usual amount of interest, in which Rev
C. G. Ames and Rev W. C. Gannett, new men attue
club, spoke, as well as Mr Samuel Longfellow,
I Mr Sargent, Mr Towne, Mr Alcott, Mrs Howe.
Mrs Cheney, and others, who are frequent epeak
j ers there. Mr Ames lectured in the Fraternity
I course, last evening, on "Good Society.” Ido
not think the papers quite do justice to what was
i one of the bast lectures of the season, spicy,
I witty and sensible. Mr Ames is a Dorchester
i man, who now has a liberal Unitarian society in
California, and is a preacher and poet of rising
repute and capacity. He is to be about here two
or three weeas longer, and is worth bearing.
The republicans of Reading and vicinity had a
good time, the other evening, at their political
Jollification. They had speeches from G m Banks,
Dr Loring, their senator, Cjl C D Wright, H
H. Coolidge, Edward Appleton, the late railroad
commissioner, and were ashamed of none of
them, as I hear, except the last named. Mr Ap
pieton is the man who made a rather extraordinary
exhibition of himself, last winter, in the investi
gation before the railroad committee on the Bos
ton, Barre and Gardner railroad matter. If your
memory is not fresh, let me recommend you and
all others who think Mr Appleton’s opinions are
valuable to examine his own testimony, contain
ed in Senate document No. 277. It is rumored
here, by the way, that a Springfield man has
been nominated for railroad commissioner in Mr
Appleton’s place.
This is a great musical season. The Harvard
musical association, which gives the best after
noon concerts, and deserves the very highest
praise for stimulating the taste fur the finest mu
sic, gives its second symphony concert, to-mor
row. The Handel and Haydn society give Elijah
on Saturday evening, and Judas Maccabeus on
Sunday evening, with Mr Sanday, Madame Paiev
and others of the Dolby ballad troupe; aud next
week, Wachtel, the great German tenor, comes
for a concert (Friday, 24 h and matinee (the
next day). At the Globe, Miss Cushman is de
lighting' the old stagers, and the new as well,
with her impersonation of Lady Macbeth. L >tta
is nearly through with her engagement at the
Boston, and Moriacchi succeeds her, in ballet
Next week, Miss Cushman in Meg Merrilies. I
see also an exhibition of a "talking machine” ad
vertised at Horticultural hall. As if this was any
thing new!
The woman suffrage bazar is getting into
shape. There is perhaps no harm in saying tnat
the three evening ente tainments at the Music
ball are nearly ready for official announcement.
Rev Mr Murray is to lecture on one of tbe even
ings. Mr Murray wears very well here. It is
hard to tell wherein is the secret of bis populari
ty as a lecturer. Heis a bright man, however,
with little or no nonsense about him, a good up
right and downright way of talking, without cir
cumlocution or bombast—a healthy sortof a man,
and the people always like to hear such men.
There is to be a musical entertainment on one of
the evenings, and on one there is to be good
speaking—a sort of variety performance, the ex
act character of which I don’t know. I believe
the managers are also encouraged as to the pros
pect for the bazar itself which is to last seven or
eight days, beginning after these evening enter
tainments, and closing just before Christmas.
Two capital books for the young are published
by Osgood Co., viz: Mrs Diaz’s William Henry
and His Friends,and Real Folks, by Mrs Whitney.
The Atlantic for December finishes up the con
tinued stories by Howells, DeForest. and Henry
James, Jr. The last “Watch and Ward” has run
through five numbers and those who have skip
ped it bad better turn back to it.
People who like controversy will read Mr
Meltne’s review of Fronde’s history, as far as re
lates to Mary Queen of Scots, which Is just pub
lished in a hanosome volume bv Hurd Rough
ton. The English historian is a good deal cut up,
to be sure, aud there are many who will be glad
to believe that Mary was not as wicked as she
has been painted. Perhaps, however, Fronde
may have a word to say, as Macaulay did in the
case of William Peun. If it does not make any
difference to those abused and dead people, I hope
tbe readable historians, like Froude, will be en
couraged, in spite of tbeir partisan habit. It is
impossible to approve of such annalists as Wen
dell Phillips and Gen Butler, who make awful
work of contemporary history; and livirg peo
ple, or people who are lately dead, ought not to
be shown up in wrong lights, hut really, can the
great rising and liberal historians ot England be
expected to turn away from their purpose of mak
ing toryism and Hunkerism odious by any trifling
matters of dates or names? Mr Meline is to he
commended for his chivalry, and also and chiefly,
because he has made a readable book. But we
are not going to discontinue Froude. ior all that.
Warrington.
Tbe governors of New England aud the North
western states, will meet in convention at De
troit, on Wednesday, the 29 th day of November,
for the purpose of inducing Congress to take
measures for the construction of a continuous
water ar.d steam navigation route of maximum
capacity, iroto the Mississippi valley around the
falls of Niaitara to the American side, thence by
the wav of Lake Ontario, the river St Lawrence,
Lake Champlain and rhe Hudson river, b' the
nearest, cheapest and best route to tbe Atlantic
ocean, and that Cotiiness shall have exclusive
control of all tbe work.’ asong the pro? osed route,
so as forever to regulate the rates if toll and
transportation thereon.
THE SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1871.
FROM WASHINGTON.
From Our iwn Cornupondont.
Washington, November 21, 1871.
CIVIL IRRVICI RirORM.
The civil service commission And their work
very difficult, if not hopeless. If the members of
the commission were to speek frankly and fully
their opinions, I believe they would confess that
they have little hope of Immediate reform. Tbe
politicians generally stand in tbe way, but that
is not all—the constitution itself seems U> be in
the way and some of the more sagacious of the
advocates of a comprehensive civil service reform
believe that tbe shortest cut will be through a
constitutional amendment. Under the constitu
tion, the president has the appointing power in
connection with the Senate, and though it is
quite true that Gen Grant may institute great re
forms, there Is no guarantee for the future.
What we need most Is security for permanency
in the service. The government can never secure
good officers who are liable to bj turned
adrift at one hour’s notice, at the in
stigation of a cheap politician. There is
scarcely a man in all the departments
who to day is safe in bis place. If his semtor
or representative shall turn against him, he may
Just as well pack up his trunk and go. If he does
not know how to make himself useful to the new
senator or the new representative, he bad better
seek some other livelihood. This is not true of
all clerks. There are a few who give a service
worth double their pay, who cannot be spared,
and they are certain of their places if they will
keep them—until there is a new administration.
What is needed above everything else is perma
nence in ojice. How it can be obtained I cannot
tell, but ii the commission can find tbe way to it
they will give the country an efficient civil ser
vice. Senator Morton talks anout the office
holding “aristocracy," exciting the vulgar preju
dices of ignorant people against office-holders
as a class. This is demagogism, and
not statesmanship. Nobody desires to
give poor clerks a life lease upon their
offices, but why shall not a good clerk keep the
place he has so long as be does hie duty 2 Let
him be sure that he can keep his place upon the
seme terms that the bank of England clerk keeps
his and he will be satisfied with a moderate
salary. There is not ranch hope of any marked
improvement so long aa members of Congress
feel compelled to reward the most active of their
political friends with clerkships and local offices.
Nor is the representative in many cases very
much to blame, for he is beset and besieged by
bis friends, and denounced by his friends if he
declines to recognize the claims of certain men to
a share of the “spoils." The whole people are
gone astray ia this matter. I have seen more
than one honest representative, who tried to be a
man in this matter of the offices, but if be did not
insist upon giving to his district its full share of
the offices to be had he was censured by some
of the most prominent republicans at home.
There are good reasons for believing that Gen
Grant is sincere in his professions on this subject.
He has nothing to gain by delaying a reform in
the civil service for the class of offices to be affect
ed is below that upon which bis attention has
been bistowed. George William Cartis, who has
been here some time investigating this subject
and has talked it over with Gen Grant, believes
that he Rneerely desires a thorough reform. It is
nardiv probable that the subject will be pressed
upon Congress in the regular message,but late in
the session it may be the occasion of a special
message. If so, Congress will debate the subject
and do nothing. There is as yet no such crying
demand from the people as will command the at
tention of Congress,and it looks to me as if noth
ing serious would be done till the question is
made a prominent issue In a congressional cam
paign.
THE WOMEN’S CAMPAIGN.
The ladies mean to make a lively campaign
here, this winter, before Congress and the na
liou. For when Congress is in session there is no
finer theater for the advocacy of a cause than
Washington. Tbe country is well represented
herein various ways, aud the advocates of fe
male suffrage do well to besiege Congress and
hold conventions here. Besides, the ladies in the
movement are fond of dramatic display, and
like to pour their arguments into tbe ears of tbe
national Legislature,where tbe whole country can
see and bear. lam sorry to say that tbe Wood
bull wing seems to have charge of this field. Toe
Woodhull is not easily shaken off. as 1 presume
Mrs Hooker has found by this time to her sor
row. Now, of all the advocates of female suf
frage who have been here, Mrs Hooker has made
tbe best impression upon our best people, and
people wonder how she can keep such company.
It is no answer to say that male
politicians sometimes keen bad company.
What should we say of Mr Dawes if he gyrated
over tbe country iu company with a man of
loose morals, or with a notorious advocate of
tree-love? The association does not affect the
argument advanced, of course, but tbe proposed
reform is retarded by such injudicious conduct.
But Congress will be compelled this winter to
listen to the claims of the women for the ballot.
It is a pity though that the leaders have gone off
on the wild notion that the constitution now
gives women the right to vote. Our local courts
have decided against the ladies, and with a good
deal of flourish they have appealed to tbe su
preme court. They will be beaten, however, all
through, and it is a waste of time to make the
tight in this way. The Woodhull may as well go
at work tbe old way, first as last, and ask the
state Legislatures to grant suffrage to women.
There is no easier way than that. C ingress is
not going to interfere in this matter, but will
leave it to the states.
THE SOUTHERN DEMOCRACY.
In mv last letter I noticed the fact that our
democratic daily, the Patriot, had so changed its
tone of late that one could hardly tell it irom a
moderate republican journal. Alas! the wind
did not sit long in that quarter. There has been
trouble in the stockholders’ room and a more
vigorous podcy is demanded. The ^jAltimore
style will be resumed, I presume, and in the place
of reasonable criticism and sensible argument we
shall have a supercilious, sneering tone charac
teristic of southern rebels. You can make noth
ing of these border democrats, try as you may.
They are barbarians at tbeir best. They hate a
negro unless he is under foot and are not willing,
even to triumph over their political foes, to make
the slightest concessions to the great facts of the
time. There is in this city a staunch old democrat
with as large a mind as his body (and be is nearly
seven feet high),—a man who had the sense to
side with the government against the South
when the war broke out. He is a democrat of
the school of Jackson and he still clings to the
wreck of bis party, but he does bis own thinking
and talking and he utters a sharp saying occa
sionally upon politicians and parties. Speaking
of some of tbe recent movements of prominent
democrats in this vicinity he said: “We had the
game in our hands a year ago, but cur leaders
are fools, and no party can live long that is
controlled by fools and thieves!” Gen Grant
might scent danger in the bints which are
getting into the newspapers of a scheme to
put Charles Francis Adams forward as the con
servative candidate for the presidency, but
he knows well enough that tens of thousands
of democrats would not swallow the bait—not
even to bring the opposition into power. If tbe
democratic party could be wheeled solidly into
fine in support of such a man as Adams, there
might be danger of enough dissent in the repub
lican party to make the plan succeed, but the
old-liners won’t agree to any such program.
They know that Adams, if elected, would stand
bv tbe rights of colored men just as firmly as
Gen Grant does, and that is just wbatWieydc
not want. This class of democrats hate negroes
and equal rights, and if the administration is co
-1 ing to stand by negro suffrage and suppress
kuklux outrages,’they prefer that it shall be re-
I pnbhcan and not democratic When fire and
water will mx, yo« can form a new party, in
dud’ng, on the one hand, such men as Sumner
and Hchurz, and on rhe other, such fellows as
Andy Johnson and Frank B air.
THE CITT PRESS.
Our newspapers begin to feel tbe approach of
Congress, and their columns show new life. The
Chronicle has got into a new dress, and is a hand-
some sheet. Il) princ,pal editor, John M. Morris
of Connecticut, baa been dangerously UI, but is
recovering. It is said that be baa done very well
pecuniarily with tbe Chronicle, though he paid
125,000 for It. He Is executive clerk of the Man
ate, and has a sure salary there, whatever be-
comes of bis paper. He makes an excellent Sen
ate officer, and seems to knowhow to run anew) j
paper as well. Tbe Republican Is smaller io size,
but makes up in spice and variety. It has tbe
regulation oi making money. Both Republican
and Chronicle support the administration through
thick and thin. The Evening Star is more of a
business paper, but it stands by tbe new territo
rial government, local improvements, and, in a
mild way, by the administration, it, too, is mak
ing nionev. Tbe Patriot is readable, bus a good
sale, but is not yet a pecuniary success. Two or
three of its owners have the right idea of publish
ing a newspaper, but they arc In the minority,
and are outvoted by stockholders who desire the
Patriot to be extremely partisan in its course.
The Sunday papers are doing very well. Tbe
Chronicle beats them all in its dress. It is al- i
ways bright and cheerful. Tbe others might
pay a little more regard to typographical ap
pearance with profit. The Capital, under Donn j
Piatt, has a large circulation, but it is not ao in
fluential aa it might ba. Donn tells a vast
deal of unpleasant truth to some of cur.
great people, but he caricature, so outrageously i
that his influence is small. People say when they
read one of his sharp hits at the president or some
member of his cabinet, “O, that is one of Piatt’s j
exaggerations. He is so fond of telling a good i
story that he won't hesitate to sacrifice tbe truth
for the sake of making his audience laugh.”
There is some truth in this, but it is said by those
who are inside tbe circle of big folks who govern i
us that some of them feel uneasy every Sunday
morning till they have glanced over the columns
of tbe Capital and ascertainid that Piatt has
given them a week’s respite. Washington shows
in its newspaper press that it is a growing city i
1: is to tie expected that the administration jour
nals will he somewhat hampered by contact with
the men who govern. Indeptndent jour lalism at
the capital is difficult, and opposition journalism
here tends to bitterness and personalities. But
we are improving and about the year 1890 we
shall have a splendid city in every respect and
our newspapers will equal these of auy_ large
town. Yam.
A SOUND STEAMER BURNED.
THE "CITY OF NEW LONDON" DE
STROYED.
Ve«el and Cargo a Toial
THIRTEEN PERSONS KNOWN TO BE LOST.
The steamer City of New London, of tbe Nor
wich and New York line, Capt Brown, caught
fire on the river Thames, about five miles below
Norwich, Ci., at about half-past 4 o’clock, Wed
nesday morning. The flames were first discov
ered issuing from one of the ventilators. The
captain, who was on deck at tbe time, ordered the
boat, to be anchored, and immediately set to work
to extinguish the flames, and after a short time
the efforts were apparently successful and a rigid
examination discovered no traces of fire.
The anchor was then hoisted, and tbe boat pro
ceeded up the river, but when about three miles
below Norwich, abreast the mouth of Pequeton
nock cove, fire was discovered in some cotton
which was on the deck. The donkey pumps
were started, and the captain and engineer, aid
ed by the crew, in less than one minute had three
streams on the fire. Despite all their exertions,
however, tbe fire spread with great rapidity, and
soon enveloped all the forward part of the boat.
The captain, seeing that all efforts to extinguish
tbe fire were useless, ordered the boat to be
beached, but the engineer could not start the en
gine. The donkey pumps were, however, still
kept at work, until the engineer notified the cap
tain that he feared aa explosion of the boilers,
in which event all would be lost.
The fire extinguishing apparatus and life-sav
ing appurtenances of the boat were in perfect or
der, but tbe rapid spread of the flames cut off ap
proach to the part cf the boat where the life-pre
servers were, and the passengers and crew had to
save themselves by throwing themselves into the
water, and grasping such floating mat
ter as fell overboard from the boat.
Those who were- able to swim had not
much difficulty in reaching the shore, ex
ceot for the chilling temperature of the water.
Some were picked up by boats from floating
pieces of the cargo in an exhausted con. itiou,
and taken to farm houses in tbe vicinit',
where they were cared for and resuscitated.
A number o&tbe persons on board, however, were
not rescued, and the loss of life proves greater
than was at first anticipated. The passengers
were only seven in number, but of these William
T. Norton of tbe firm of Norton Co., C. B. Rog
ers of the firm of C. B. Rogers Co., a well
known manufacturer, and Harrison R Aldrich,
all of Norwich, were lost. Of the officers and
deck hands known to be lost are William P. Ely
of Hamburg, Ct., second mate, M. W. Baker ol
Norwich, engineer, Henry Dugan ot New Lon
don, steward. Webster Cooper of New York,
second rink. Frank Flowers, residence unknown,
waiter, Warren Mitchell, oiler, Driscoll, Sulli
van, Patrick Mahony and Thomas Rourke, deck
hands.
The officers of the boat, particularly the captain
and engineer, receive great praise for their cool
ness and bravery in their trying position, tbe
former escaping by lowering himself from the
paddle box by heaving a line when all other
avenues of escape had been closed by the flames,
and clinging to the paddles until he was rescued
in an exhausted condition, and the latter losing
his life after giving a life preserver which he had
got from his room on the upper deck at the last
moment, to tbe only lady passenger, who, by its
aid, was saved.
The steamer drifted down stream about a quar
ter of a mile below Walden's island, where she
was abandoned by the crew, and lies fast aground
Just below Pcquetannock cove. She lies from 50
to 75 feet from the river bank, and has been
burned to the water’s edge, her cargo being en
tirely destroyed. A train, with a fire engine, was
sent down from Norwich, but too late to be of
service.
The City of New London was a first class side
wheel steamer of 890 tons burthen, and was built
by John Englis at New York in 1863. She was
used as a ireight boat, although having accom
modations for a large number of passengers, and
had hut seven passengers on board at the time of
the fire. She had a heavy cargo of miscellaneous
freight, principally cotton rags, groceries, leather,
etc., which, together with the boat, is a total loss.
On account of the absence of the manager of the
line from Norwich, it is impossible as yet to as
certain the full extent cf the loss. There is under
stood to be 8100,000 insurance on the boat.
The origin of the fire is a matter of uncer
tainty, but it is supposed to have in some way
taken in the kitchen, when the cook went to
kindle the fire for breakfast. Oie account states
that the fire was caused by the poker, which had
become heated by raking down the fires, being
hung against a pine partition, but nothing re
liable is known.
The Fruit of Free Love. —The trial of John
S. Blackburn for the murder, by poison, of Mary
Jane Lovell, is now in progress at Chilocothe, O.
The criminal is a man about 50 years old, with a
wife and children, some of whom are married,
and tho murdered woman was only about half as
old, but a niece of bis sister in-law, and had
lived in his house, and bad been criminally inti
mate with him for a considerable time before her
murder, which happened, last March. At the
time specified, be rode out with her to a wild, un
frequented glen, and remained with her through
the night, returning, next day, and telling where
be had been; also saying that sho had offered
him poison, which he refused, but which she
drank and died. Her body was found where be
indicated, and he was arrested for the murder.
He was indicted at tbe Mav term of the court, af
ter an ineffectual attempt to obtain his release on
the plea of insanity, and has been in prison ever
since Much interest is felt in the trial, as
Blackburn is a man of standing and intelligence,
and brother of Maj C. 11. Blackburn of Cincin
nati, late prosecutor of Hamilton county, O but
more recently the attorney for the defense of
Rachel M. Toei, who murdered her husband by
shooting him through the brain with a pistol a>
he lay asleep, but who was acquitted through
Major Blackburn’s aid.
Tbe New EIIM Family Newspaper.
SPBiJwniiD Weekly keihblkh,
BY BAMUKL BOWLES AND COBMIH.
TWO IX/LLARH A VAAR: IM MW'S AW MAT RA I.WY i
FOR AVBHV ViVM.
Thh journal hl* fairly won it« claim a* thr dl
tlncthf-and r'pr*iM‘ntaUv<‘ New E»«*la*i> Fawivt 1
Naw “Pap kb and it command# it-alf, bo*b a* a )<x*al I
Dew>*p3por and a* a frank and pxponent of tie
thoufhtand movement of New Eng and n ali iaag*
rla», mental and moral a ayu, to Uh* aub-criptioe* of
people lnterMt<*d, by re»ldencA, aa*oclatlon, intcr^t.
sympathy, or antagoDhrn, ’.hen in.
Th* Rkpcrlh'an h, In all reappeta, a
Journal, ranking with tho*«* iarg« r and morion*
conteate. It to a large quarto abeet of eight pug<w
aud 48 i-olumns with only one page gicen tj tdver*
figments, and ha* among its w»^kly feutun
An editorial R^alew of the New* of Week a a<e
of New England Hewn Iterai, carefully colleoled ir«m
all the states: two page** of Editorial Dbcuwlon* of
politietl, social, bustnem and religious topics; a paie
of Correspondence—letters from Boston, New York,
Washington, the West and Europe; another page of
Literary Criticism and Extracts—Stories Isnya and
Poetry: with Sunday Readings and Keligiour Inteiib j
uence; Bouse, Farm and Garden: "Wit and Wi
dom”; or ‘Sense and Sentiment/’ etc. —choice wl»c-
tlons from all thefreehefC c ntributions to the cur-
rent literature and knowledge of the world.
The prise of Thm Weekly Bipcblicam 1< 12 a
year or Sl for six months; an extra copy sent for I
every club of five; or C copes fcr 110; 12 copies for
820,—aU inscriptions payable in advance, and the
paper stopped wh^n the time expiree. Fpeeimen
copies sent on application.
Advertisemekts in the Weekly R»pub’k»n 10
cents a line.
SAMUEL BJWLFS A COMPANY,
SPRiNoriELD, Mass.
dr*’ Any pipT inserting this advertisement once
bs.cre December 15 will receive tbe Weekly Bepubli*
can Dr one year, without exchange.
MONEY AND BUSINESS.
The money market at New Y'ork closed flrm, yes
terday, at per cent, and prime indorsed com
inerical paper sold at 7@lo per cent, with few sa cs
under 8 per cent. Thore are indications, however, of
a better demand in the immediate future. Currency
is going to the South in mo terete amounts and the
demand tor pork, it is thought, will begin to be active,
next week Foreign exchange was bare y steady
during the day an«i closed weak at 109^ <XilO&; g z Gold
opened at 110 j, gold down to 110 g, and closed dull and
steady at HOfa llO]. The rates on gold kan? were
6@7 j»er cent per annum for borrowing. The gross
clearings were 4.C00 000 The bids for the *2,0 0,.
000 ol government go d advertised Io be sold, to-day,
amounted to 8d,657,00J at liO 77@11l Government
bonds were firm, foreign bankers buying largo y for
shipment. One firm took 85,000,00u0f called bonds
at nearly par and gold interest Southern state bonds
were dull aud firm. The stock market opened strong
but soon became heavy and prices declined. Alter
the first call th'* market became -trong and closed
steady, Uniun Pacihc being exceptionally weak.
The Boston dry-goods market is now fairly active,
and country d alers, who have been bolding off ior
lower prices, have been disappointed, and are now iu
a hurry to get their orders filled. The market fcr
cotton goods is a shade firmer, with the prospect of
higher prices for the raw material: but quotations
are generally unchanged. Standard brown sheetings
are steady at Kjo/Sc. and four-yard goods at 11 a
12c. Fine brown cottons continue iu fair demand.
The market for woolen goods is more animated, and
wholesale dealers are n-w tiling *ome fair-sized or
ders from the general jobbing and clothing trade.
Ladies' cloakings continue in fair demand itepel
lants and flannels are in good request, and ?old close
up. Shawlsand baimor ds are in moderate d-'mand.
Knit goods are more active, including hosiery, under
wear, nubias and cardigans.
The cotton market at New York was more active,
last week, and prices have advanced about jc This
advance was chiefly due to the small amount of cot.
ton received and tbe reports of frost throughout the
South, though the firmer tone and upward tendency
at Liverjiool aso influenced the market. Lhe total
receipts ot cottouatail ports, last week, was 101 4 4
bales. The exoorts toot up 52,889 bales, while the
stock on hand, Saturday evening, was 829.165 bales.
The finance committee of the Boston and Albany
railroad company have decided to issue a million and
one halt of 7 per cent bonds instead of three millions
as at first announced. An advertisement to that effect,
inviting proposals, December 5 app-ars 'in our
columns. The rea-oo tor this change of program is
not uiven, but it is probable that ali the money first
called for cannot be used to advantage at present.
Tlie Shoe and Leather Record <ay«: “We bnd now
that there is a general complaint both among sole and
upper l-.ather tanners a« to the unfavorable condition
of tbe maiket and unsatisfactory prices, and we h< ar
that in some quarters it is considered that our pres
ent production of leather is too large. It this be the
fact, wo feel that we are only expressing the judgment
uftho h ost exrn'rieneed members of the trade in .-a}-
ing that the tanners have only Themse.ves to blame
The quantity should pt*i hans be diminished, and the
quality improved. Notwithstanding the tact that we
have had during the last fall an unparalleled foreign
demand for American leather, the mar sets here ac
]M*ar to be abundantly supplied, bui leather oi the
choicest tannages and best finish never waits long for
a purchaser.”
The l,a«w« Mnrfceu.
STOCKS AXD MOXEY.
At Boston, Boston and Albany 141;, Boston
and Lowell 137, Boston and Maine 14’. Boston and
Providence 14U. 80-ton. Hatford and Erie seyens I
(new; E 6;, Ea-tern lo7*» Fitchburg 138, Cheshire 83j, I
Vermont and Massachusetts 89 Vermont a d Cmsda i
98, Ogdensburg ana L.ke Champlain 87) Po. Band,
Saco and I’crtsmcuth 128), Philadelphia,lVilmh'irton
aud Baltimore 55J, Michigan Central Hl’, Union
Pacific stock zBJ, land grant-evens Pepperel
manufacturing company 060, United States five twin
ties (1862) 11 1.(1881 life, (1865)1111,(1865—new) 114.
.1861) 1141,(18tl8)114i,UnRed Stales coupon sixes (iSel)
Li;».
at Xew Torn, American gold Uoj®lloJ, In’hd
Stat(»s coupon sixes (1681) 117?4, Unned Mates Ihe
twenties (1862) 1111,11864) lllj. 11866) Illi, 11966-
new) 114,(1867) 114{,(1868) IUJ. United States t-n-ror
ties 109 j, Pacific railroad currency sixes U3J, Virginia
sixes new 70. Missouri sixes 97b Tennessee sixes new
64), south Carolina sixes new 25j. Nottb Carolina
sixes new 18, C-ntral i’acitic 103 J, .-nion Picnic 271,
sixes 911, land grant sevens 7S\, income tens Siq.
Ne* York i eoual and Hudson 92j, sent 87^,
Erie 30L preferred 65, Harlem 121, Harlem pre-erred
121, Reading 113^, Hannibal and St Josephs 54, Mil
waukee and st Puu> 54. Milwaukee and st Paul pre- i
ferred77J. foledo, Wabash and Western 63 loledo,
Wsliad-'m-i'V-'te,r pr.i.-rn-i liti'-'. and
Haute IS, Alton .nd Terre Haute preferred 50, Michi
-aQ <'(-ntr.il 116. Michigan Southern and Lake chore
871 Panama 54, l!!!tio£i Central 32. New Jersey en-■
trai 11)95,.Cleveland and Pittsburs 127, cnicago, ti-Kk
Island and Pacino 103, hicago and Northwesteri 60j,
Chicago and Northwestern preferred sjq, Chicago
and Alton n6i,Cntcacoand Alton preferred 120, Plus
burg, Fort Wayne and Chicago 97, Ohio and Missis
stop-42!. Hartford and Erie 2, Adams express cott
uany -5 American Merchant- Union 59, United States
581 Webs, Fnrgo b' o Western Union telegraph
comt-anj «Bj, l'actac Mail steamship company 46V.
Cumberland coal company preferred 88, Mariposa 1.
Mariposa preferred 1), Uantou 67, Quicksilver 24, Bos
ton water power company 40.
DOMESTIC PRODUCE.
At Boston, the market for ttonr remains tbe same,
but demand continues unite moderate; western .uper
nne *5,75«6, common extras 6,75^7, Milwaukee and
Minnesota extra.7sß.so, white wheat, Ohio, Indiana
ami Michigan Illinois i,jos9,St Loubts
11. southern flour 7.®1ii,50; corn iirru a: BS®9 c. w, st
era ye low 86<uS?c; jag tre s U» g at 52a,58c tor
dark mixed aud white No. 1; rye #1; shorts
SYS, fine feed 29 50 «30, middlings Maid; pork quiet
at Slls U for prime. 14.2\s 14,5 for uie-s Ifirals lor
clear; ooef ranges I’oni SlUrflaic T-ir mess and extra
mess, 14516 for family; lard 9j^-0-»c ior steaiu au i
kettle rendered; smoked hams huiter2o^Cws^.
cheese Wsl4ic; white beans 52.«553,55; potatoes
I 55.07 c; egg- '^aSSc; poultry is lower on account ot
i large receipts, tr ini commission houses we quote
chickens 12®Uc turkeys 13^1 c, ducks Oc.gitse
I o.loc tin the street. tukeyalfcsJOc, chickens
ducks !S^2;ic. gees le^l2c, boileis >so -4* pair; live
stock duil at Wu,l4C.
At the rec-lpts ot flour have exceeded the
demand, and for the mos part the market ha« rn'ed
iu favor of he uyer. fhi- demand h been general
though moderate. A slight accumulation ot sio.ks is
noticeable but not sufficient to depr ss the market
tor anv grade except those of ow aluations. TJie
latest caotaiions were: common stat, t46,20^5.i5.
■xtra tale 6<>6.75, extra cluo wh- at, trad, brands
7,26*7,75, amocr slate extras 7,6 *B, Michigan and
Ohio extra* 60, Hty brand*, nxtra HaxalJ
aud At LiAtm rye flour h al ad) al 85;
buckwh'-at flour mm oft freely at #2
tt>«, corn ne*al Id demand at 81 ^><l7s: wheat ha*
iHrea chok* amber* and white rule rtHing
other grid* a weak No. 2 and*r atate ti.6A«sl,m».
No. 1 ami V _ v i i
1,05, No. i w hite -tat).6»d L7O, extra 1,7.^
rvr qtite’ at ^>>Bo: corn dbudy, western mixed 7^
aROc; barb-v f**V‘ rUh at 75c0 *1,18; oat* dull at 52*£<
Me; pork 8H<^16,50; 'ard l<q^nc hamu amoketi
should* r* be '•mo«*d bewfWe; butter ‘tOa fLc rh-»***,
factory 12 fanuen' iu<lßc; eal* *o<34c: te-ana
82,75^8.
At For*, cotton, uplands I®Jr: flour duV and
in buyer thvor, Hate Ohio (MOrtTjO,
wt«u*rn 7,4 ><9.25; wheat, No 1
spring No. 2 1.50^,1.55. whit** stat** l,o&
^1,75 winter red w^tern corn irregular
but cluMing more eb-ady, miX'-d w*»*tern
oat* finri< r at 88K068fe; beetqui“ pork firmer now
n»o-a urdactireat butter -teady:
whisky :Hc rice Ann at 8,M&8;C; sugar firm mv
eovado 9^lf)e, refining oiffw firm, Rio 16M
oIMJc; firm, New Orleans 63c; turpentine
linn at 6sU: ro<in strong at 84,75 for strain-’d; p^-
trob-nm firm crude 12)<!2mc. refined 22c; tallow
y’ a c; wool flrmiy ta*ld, pulled S6a€ c
At .St yt. butter is active, ‘nmnw dairies
Ual7c, fall dairtea32a;4sc. extra b C: at ZkAwo d,
V t.. butter was firm at 25a35c; cheeae, farm da idea,
8«»12c.
<t fWmwati, pork dull at <12.87 ®l2 50 off red
25c higher a^ked; lard drooping at 81 bnIK
meat* dull and one hanged; bacon quiet, live hogs
dell at 84, whisky B>c.
LCXBER MARKET.
At Albany, lumber comes in s owlv white tl e*hip
m« nte are v^ry hire The market is rapid'-y aimin
iahing, though it h ••ill fair in amour t and well
sorted Sales are moderately active an buyers gener
ally have got in their tock, expecting h gher ,>ricev
in the spring. Prices remain firm with an advancing
tendency many dealer-refining to sell except at or
above our highest quotation*, preferring to bold their
lumber and realize >ho expected a vance. Tbe clos
ing eeJling price* were &«h black walnut
B’sa"s: cherry 825^66*. chestnut fWoAO; mapte
825^30; oak 825(^45; pine shingles, shaved,
pine B&asfi,fiO y aawed c (br3a&7s.
*PKl5Grim.I) RETAIL MARKETS.
F.readstufin—Wheat flonr, choice to fancy St Louis
$10,5'*a'12.50, good to choice buckwheat flour
5c tp tb; rye flour 4c; graham duurfle; oatmeal 7c;
corn meal a1,75 a1, 85 p cwt.; India meal bolted 31c
ib: rye meal 3. lb.; corn, w^tern p bu.. 81,
northern 81,80: oats nO^TOe; wheat f-ed, including
middlings, 81-dl&2 cwt shorts rye teed
81.90idj2.
Meats—Beefsteaks, sirloin 25e !b, rump 2 25c.
round 16^18c; beef roast, rib 18^25 chuck 16>a48c;
liver Ire: mutton, fore quarter i2jc, hind quarter
15^^5c; lamb, fore quarter 15c, hind quarter *2oc,
leg 25c: veal 1 Oi^SSc, cutlets 25c; turkeys 20®25c,
chickens 2fla2sc; lard 13a$15c; Iresh porx 124a15e;
'alt port tripe 10^12c; sausages 15x17c:
corned beef 1(1^156: corn u toagnes 20525 c; haras
15 a 17c, sliced hams 2O«^c.
Fresh fish- Maddock 8c lb.; halibut 20c; codfish
!10e; white fish 3k; stripped bass 20c; eels 15al8c:
flounders loe; pickerel 2uc; mackerel 20a25cfach:
oyster?, Fair Haven ?oa4sc quart, Norwalk dOc:
ecallops s*Jc; quohaug* V I clams 50c; shell
oysters 75c.
Salt fish—Cod 7n ft salmon 15§20c; mackerel
l^^iOc; salmon trout 15c: toncues aud sounds 12c;
sword fish 12c; smoked salmon 30ja35c; smoked
halibut 20c; herring 10c dz.
Groceries, etc—Butter, best lump 44a45c p
tub 3B(g3»e: plain cheese l®c p ft., sage
“gg-’ 42c doz.: crackers 10a 12c ft.,
fancy 14a44k: graham wafers 2’*^2sc; pick
tes 60a,7*e V olives 62»8ic k* ^n;
French peas s>)aK2c; canned peas 3.x:; lima beans
I liiari'k ian picketed iambs' tongues G2c V bottle;
pickled oystere €2c, pickied clams 4jc; pickled lob-
sters 38§45c: -mga-. hard 7fts tor *1: coffee 7jßs fbr
SI, brown Bto 8‘ ft* for 8'; molasses, Porto R»co
I TOjaLSOc, New Orleans 90a^l. best syrup V>.aßl AO,
common 67cSj8l,'^; black tea. Oolong 81^1,40,
Japan 81^1,40, green 81.40^1.75; cotlee, .lava,
1 roasted and gronna, 35a45c, Rio 3i>as3c; chocolate'
I 50^75c; c unamon 18a20c p quarter pound cream
[tartar 15£17c; cloves 10ar.e p quarter; pepper
]o‘^l2C, mustard 15a2ik; cayenne 15a 20c; nutmeg?
35^42c: allspice 12c quarter; kerosene oil 35c»45c
p gallon; candles T a^Oc ft. riuegar 35a.45 ty caL
Vegetabies fruit, etc.—Potatoes, seedl: gs 6&(®7jC
bu Jack’on whites and peach blow- 75& -c;
sweet potatoes s#c p ft.: beets ioa4oc p pecs;
s<iua-hed 3c p ft; onions 25c p peck; cabbage 5a 12c
Vhead; turnips 15c P peck; carrots 25c; parsnips
2523 k; apples 3 ,^6oc peck and *-,50 a 5 bbL;
quo.c<'« 75c aM per pees; lemons 3c p dot.; Malaga
raisins 25a-38c p ft Mnscatell ”nd other raisins 13
a>c; citron 7ud7sc: common prunes 2bc, imperial
tEe box; figs 3 «<S4O ft almonds 35c, English
walnuts 25c: Brazil nuts 25c; Pekaus 25c.
Coal at the yards—Lehigh, Hazteton, Lackawanna,
Pittston, Scranton, Pine Forest SlO, nut coil 5.50.
Likens vaPey IL bituminous 10; charcoal 22^c
bushel wood, hard $lO, soft 88
Hay Sis p ton; baled single $35, car load 830;
straw 820 k*
meat markets.
i At Brighton, receipts 2581 catlie, 73? sheer- and
j lambs, <4vo swine. The market is largely stocked
with cattle, this week, aud th.* rise ia prices, last
J was c.nlv temporary, as it c uld n t be beld
When we consider that the city is full of dressed b es,
mutton and poultry is almost a g’ut. Cattle sold.
decidedly low through Ta-^day. sorn-thing very uu
usual for Tuesday. I here was a lirt’e sp rit of busi
ness from 3 to 4^ o'clock in the atteruoon, but the
yards at night showed many cattle still to be disposed
ot. Trade opened Wednesday morning quiet audit
i will be a hard n atter to close out with
-1 out filing at a -acritice. Extra beeve- BH.SA
I xu7 per cwt., first quality 6a6.25. »econd quality
s,sf^jJs, third quality 4 60^5; Brighton bices Set
Brigntou tallow country hides S country
tallow s^.6c:calt skins Itka 8c sbeej> -kin- Rl5O,
aj1,75; lamb skins 51^5C@1,75; store cattle —yearlings
1 SB@ls per head, two-years-oids 12a‘28 three y-ars
olds ‘5445; milch cow* <lßa9O working oxen 8140
*250 sheep and lambs SI 50a5.25 per head, or 3s
7}c per pound; store pigs—wholesale 4^sc, retail 5S
be,lat hogs sc.
At Albany, for the week ending the 18th, receipts
5732 beeves,* 16 bOO sheep and lamb-, 25,214) hogs; dull-
I ness has been the hading feature in the week’s mar
ket the closing prices w-^re: premium 86,72a7 20,
extra 6,25 a 6,50, first quality 5,37 da,B7. second quali
ty 4,87^5.37 third quality 3.8 inferior 2.50^
2,75; milch cows steady at $35^7 sheep dull at 4^
54c lambs in moderate demand at ihe hog
j market is improving at sasic for state and tor
western.
At .Ver York, 20th. cattle were dull and firm at
9’a 13?: sheep heavy ai^a^jc lambs 54^7]c; hog*
i firm, live 85i<u>,50. dressed 6} a 7c.
i THE FIRST M JRIGAGE JOINT SINKING
SLND GOLD BONDS of the VERMONT DIV ISION
of the PORTLAND AND OGDENSBURG RAIL
ROAD TRUNK LINE offer a most safe and prafit
able investment to all seeking to convert tbeir b-20'9
and o her high priced bonds into some absolutely ?af»
security.
For pamphlets, with full information, apply to, <3
E. T. Fairbanks Co., St Johnsbury. Vt.,
Fairbanks A Co., 252 Broadwiy. New York.
Fairrakks, Brown t Co., 118 Milk st., Boston.
Fairbanks Bw so, 715 Ches’nat st., Phlla.
i iuancial Agenv..
FOK SALK BY
Homer Foot A Co., Springfield, Maae.
First National Bank. Boaton.
j Rr^aBPSOS, Hill A Co., Boston.
And i’l teaditig Ranits and Brokers, if S codSt 2w
Special Notices.
For Coaslo Had Coldo, Lung wAaJtJes.
Pain in the bide and Kidney trouble-, the W bite
Pine Compound i< unrival-d his piea-att t. the
taste, and at all times perfcd'ly safe
Ke® ’XiJrenisrmrnis
eJNNECTI UT LITERARY ISBTITV-
HON, SUF FIE D —Winter term begins I>-c. 6.
The most ab e instruction g -en in the language*.
Va’hematle*. sciences, Music aud Pointing. Send
for circular to _
>343* E RKNJ. ANDREWS, Pdncplal^
VBkOTT ACADEMY —ihe winter term of
•b Abbott Academv for young lad ips wV! com
mence ths^ear on lm*da fee. n. Inqulri*-* may
b- made of Prof E A I ak. And ver er ot Kev 1 r s.
C. Jackson Sts e Library, state House, Bo^too. Ap
phc*vona for admi-stou should b made to Miss PHI
IE' A McKE^N, Principal. 21 ISIW
F’AKM FOR SALE-Pleasantly locked
of a mile from in« thriving vi a.e of North
Brcoknoid. cents inint 1W merer, 10 of whkh are
wood Laud rot bug, dark rich loam, mowing free
from stone, bay ti st quality, pasture’* tint ra*e. A' UI
&ep .0 cow- and team: 100 choice fruit trees Mod
ern t wo-Hory hou-e with 13 ro m-. bas t o the beet
msterial and in tw m-at thorovg i man'er; wuoa
and carriage bouse a*tach P small Ue'iut house.
B ru 100 bv 3, with <wil»r «1 o'"' r P“ r and
wry convent nt 1, well w4t 'r«d. eau r I roagat to
hous«* and rarn b. a |ucduoL ^eld mso g (di farm,
with g >od euiWl sol a homo ma ket. is ottjed
ter sale. Subscriber desirous' s»H. T
T. H V N 11N H I M
scrth Brookfield Nev. IL lb<L ^2l lw
5