•i s
m i
ie Mould have the eye of Argus: he u
n-'rabU if he do but look to the welfare of thi.
'nonwealth.
WORCESTER
WEDAEOD AY, NOVEMBER 1071.
The Election*.
Then* h?s not for many years been an election
more sharply contested in this city than that of
yesterday. The victory is none the less satisfac
tory for having been earned by hard work. The
total vote was larger by more than two hundred
than was ever before cast in Worcester. The
democrats had made large additions to their
vote by naturalization, and brought it
all out by a very thorough and care
ful canvass. The republican canvass dragged
at first, but as the necessity for effort
became apparent a great deal of vigorous
and efficient work was done in the last few days.
The republicans did not bring out their whole
strength, but there was enough to elect every
candidate and inflict a mortifying defeat upon
the democrats who had rallied every element
of opposition, and felt considerable confidence
that they would elect their candidate for senator,
and one or more of their representatives in the
eleventh district. They are not likely to come
so near it again for a long time.
In the state there was a larger total vote and
a greater republican preponderance than had
been expected. All the republican candidates
lor the senate in this county arc elected,’and
most of the representatives. In the vote for
these latter officers there was an unusual
amount of liolting and scratching of tickets,
which made it sometimes perplexing work to
analyze the returns. Among the successful
candidates for the legislature are Mr.
Charles Hale for the senate from one
of the Boston districts, and Mr. Sanford ol
Taunton, one of the most useful members of the
last house. Mr. John Quincy Adams suffered a
two-fold defeat, having tailed to receive the ma
jority which Quincy is accustomed to give him
for a seat in the legislature. This we regret, for
he has done good service to the state in the
house. The labor and prohibitory parties have
not shown the strength which their friends an
ticipated.
The desperate struggle in New York attracts
universal attention. The bold of Tammany
upon ihe city was too strong to be broken.
Tweed’s degraded constituents gave him a ma
jjwity ut twelve thousand, and most of the other
Tammany candidates were chosen, with a few
of the reformers. There is little doubt that tin
republican state ticket is elected by a majority
about as great as the democrats had last
year, and there can be no question
that the legislature is republican and
probably contains fewer corruptible mem
bers than usual. This result ensures the rc
modeliing of the city charter m the interest oi
reform. The crimes of Tammany have causer
this defeat ol the democrats, and it might havt
been more crushing but for the disgraceful
feuds which have distracted the republican
party.
Civil Service Reform.
The civil service commission, it is said, has
substantially finished its labors. The outlines
of a general plan of reform have been settled,
a. d it only remains to perfect its details, which
will occupy sonic time, and require, probably,
many mutual concessions of individual opinion,
but will involve no difficulties that cannot be
overcome. From what has transpired of tin
proceedings thus far, it appears that the mem
bers of the comnrission have been able to agree
upon the general principles of the reforms to In
proposed. The gentlemen composing the com
mission have been judiciously selected, so as to
include theorists and men of practice, men
who have been earnest and influential advocates
of reform in this direction, and may be pre
sumed to have given much thought to the sub
ject of devising a plan theoretically adapted to
cure the defects of the present system, and men
who have had experience in administering the
latter, and know just where it works badly in
practice, what parts of it may be wisely retained,
and what would probably be the effect of any
proposed changes. While the qualifications ol
the members thus combine theory and practice,
they are all admitted to be honest, sagacious,
and reasonable men.
Such qualifications as these are needed for the
work they have to do. It is no light thing to
undertake the reorganization of a system which
employs thousands of men in a great many
kinds of work, which has for years been an ac
tive influence in our politics to such an extent
that it has become almost impossible for active
politicians to conceive of a political canvass un
affected by the distribution of executive patron
age. Besides Its inherent difficulty, doctrinarie>
have befogged the subject by insisting each that
his nostrum is the only remedy for admitted
evils, and at the same time may nullify these
evils, and representing them to be other than
they really are, and others, controlled by con
servative instincts, or by their interests, insist
just as strongly’ that the present system is very
nearly perfect, or, at least, the best possible in the
present imperfect condition of human society.
In addition to these elements of perplexity, tin
commissioners had to meet at the threshold a
legal and constitutional objection which threat
ened to nullify all their efforts.
In view of all the obstacles with which their
way was beset the work of the commissioners
should be regarded very considerately, and il
their plan is less radical than some have hoped,
sweeping than others have expected,if it
retains some things which judicious men have
regarded as blemishes in the old system, and
omits some elements which most writers on the
subject have considered indispensable in a re
formed organization of the civil service, we hope
their scheme, whenever it is perfected, will be
discussed fairly, adopted, and given a reasona
ble trial. The reports which have already ap
peared, professing to give an outline of their
work, are clearlvnot entitled to credit. It is
n »t conceivable, for instance, that they should
have recommended a competitive examination
for the selection of postmasters. Forthat posi
tion, integrity and regularity are the chief qual
ibeations in the case of all but a few principal
offices. Of the possession of these qualities an
examination is no test, and neither in the small
er nor in the larger offices is a deficiency of tin
moderate literary, mnthematical or business
qualifications to be apprehended.
MiM-<‘llan«oui> Itrni*.
At Ottumwa, lowa, at rhe late election, n
democrat voted a last year’s printed ticket, say
inu he want any new departure in
his* 11.”
A Kentucky conversation.—“ Hello, dar, you
darkey, what you axe for dat old blind mule,
hey?’ “Well, I dunno; guess I moiit take thir
ty-five dollars.” Thirty-five dollar.-! I’ll give
you five “Well, you may have ’im; I won’t
stand on thirty dollars—in a mule trade.”
.it is reported that in the recent sale of the
wardrobe of the ex-Empress EugenieJtbe shrewd
auctioneer included in the imperial linen a large
amount. ot toe article that he hail been trying
in vain to sell lor its simple value ut his own
rooms. The chance to pav twice what it was
worth was irresistible, and it all went.
A Keithsburg, 111., paper apologized for its
apper nee 011 a half sheet, last week, by saying
,at V ‘owing to the destruction of our
branch office at Chicago by the great fire.” The
Muscatine Journal thinks that is “puttin”- it
mild in regard to Chicago in'ards.”
The porter on awestern sleeping-car whose
bread depended largely on the oscillations of his
bla king brush, was somewhat crestfallen to see
a legless man take possession of one of the
berths. At first lie was decidedly’ stumped as to
how he could collect change for blacking the
boots ol the manned passenger, but he solved
the riddle by polishing the ends of the crutches.
The owner rewarded the ingenious porter with a
fifty cent stamp.
Tne following affecting lines are copied from
an English life insurance pamphlet entitled
“Thinks for the Thoughtful.” We considei
them suggestive:
When poor pa died and went to heaven,
Whal grief mamma endured;
u *h J that grief waa boon assuaged,
r or pa he was Insured;
And when ma went there, oh how funny!
Tne oflice paid her all the money
A X ermont paper says that among the latest
to throw away Christianity and embrace Spir
ituabsra wup Elder who lives not a thou
sand miles from Waterford The elder had a
<Uu o ter who stnuided hard against the iuflu
eace, but finally gave up,and became a writing
in dium Oue da> while wrestling hard with
lue-pint, she p.-ayed that if Spiritualism was
G d work it uioht Ik manifested; if not, that
tiie name jI it. parent be given. Imagine
her surprise, on recovering from her trance to
find writteu out in brief, “The Devil."
Letter from Boston.
I,ant Wcrk’« Hrr« ArtlMw* Reception—
4’he* taut-Kiri mprarcmrn la—Easter n
KuK*-New Book*.
FROM OUR REGULAR CORRESPONDENT.
Boston, Nov. 6,1871.
Mr. Coqticrel was decidedly the hero of last
week. On Monday afternoon he repeated at
King’s chapel the lecture he delivered at Hollis
street church the evening before; the chapel was
crowded, and a great many people went away,
unable to get scats. Tuesday evening the wom
an’s club gave him a reception, and he gave
them a lecture on Rembrandt. The club rooms
were bright and pretty, with flowers, members
and distinguished guests. Mrs. Howe presided
with her usual grace, and after the lecture an
hour was given to ices, chocolate, and conver
sation. On Thursday, Mr. Coquerel delivered,
at the Lowell institute, a lecture in French, on
Mendelssohn and the Reformation Symphony.
He had an audience of about three hundred*
who greatly enjoyed it. Last evening he spoke
for the last time here, at the Boston theatre. He
is as great a favorite in private as in public, and
has made hosts of friends here.
On Saturday the artists in Studio build
ing gave their first reception for this
season. It was impossible in the few hours
given to the reception to see half the pic
tures which were exhibited, and equally im
possible not to see a few of the most beauti
ful. In Mr. S. P. Hodgdon’s room, besides his
landscapes and crayons, were a few beautiful
flower paintings—one of some half-biown roses
seemed to me the best thing of its kind I ever saw.
Mr. Ordway had a collection of sketches made
in Berkshire of trees standing alone or in groups
—lovely studies of foliage—and an Indian sum
mer landscape, a river view with grass and cows
in the foreground, and trees in the background,
the autumnal colors making a rich, warm dis
tance. It was noticeably pretty even in the
crowd of autumn pictures that we see every
where. Miss Merrill had a small and very beau
tiful group of autumn trees, painted from na
turc, where the reds and yellows were in vivid
contrast with the evergreens crowding against
them. She had, too, an attractive picture of an
old barn in C incord, with both the great doors
wide open, and a quiet landscape seen beyond.
J. IV. Champney's studio is a most fascinating
place, where one would like to stay for hours,
just to look at the walls, which are hung with
curious old tapestry, strange ornaments in
metal and wood, drawings from casts, and many
pictures. Mr. Champncy evidently loves what
is odd and quaint; his room is furnish
ed with odd pieces of handsome old
furniture, from which he makes up the
charming interiors which he paints. He
not only sees, but he knows how to paint
the deep, beautiful colors of old wood; his
sketches are full of beauty and interest. Here
a simple interior, warm and cosy; there the
piaintest of gabled roofs with wonderful har
monies and contrasts of reds and browns and
grays; next a picture of the famous “one horse
shay;” and still beyond an old ruin with fresh
spring foliage filling its broken arches, and half
•overing its crumbling gray walls. The variety
)f his work is as striking as its beauty; and the
numerous visitors were enthusiastic in their
•xpressions of delight. Mr. B. U. Porter is fast
winning a reputation as a portrait painter. He
follows the example of artists who have been
famous in that line, eschews mere heads relieved
>n a dark background, and paints life-size
Jgures, full or three-quarters length, with all the
luxury of color and magnificence of dress in
which old portrait painters delighted. In this
way the beauty of a beautiful woman or child
is heightened by the accessories of the picture,
and the plainness of a homely one made less
obtrusive; for the artist, with all resources of
oackground and drapery at his disposal, can
easily arrange them either to bring out and
make prominent the beauty of the face, or to
withdraw attention from its want of beauty.
Mr. Porter, Miss Adams, and a few other artists
have charming, picturesque studios, full of in
teresting things, artistic fancies, and bewilder
ing arrangements of color. The receptions are
to be held once a month through the winter, so
that, without intruding upon their working
hours, we shall know something of what the
artists are doing.
Sometimes we see pretty living pictures. I
often stop in the early evening to admire a
brown-skinned, black-eyed chestnut girl, who
has tied a bright red scarf over her black hair,
and stands in the full light of the blazing torch;
while the coals in the oven below are a dull red,
and crouching against the wall near her is a
rough looking boy, a brother, perhaps, hardly
seen unless the dancing, flaring light falls for a
moment on his sullen face and tangled hair. It
might be painted for an Italian scene, but seems
curiously out of place on the sidewalk ol the
prosaic west end ol Boston. One improvement
in that pa’t of the city is so great that it deserves
mention. The ditch or pit, or whatever the cavity
was called that used to be between the Beacon
st. sidewalk and the horrid underground kitchen
of the Tremont house, down which we used to
look upon cooking catching the dust of the street,
and from which poured all the mixed smells of
hotel dinners and a jargon of tongues, is now
nicely filled up, sodded and planted with honey
suckles and roses. So that end of Beacon
street will be open again as a public street
should be, and nor blocked up half the time
with coal, ice, market, or swill carts. If all
changes could be improvements, I believe Bos
tonians would not grumble at the expense or
rhe trouble; but some of the changes now pro
posed are mere vandalism. There seems to be a
war against shade trees. In the newly annexed
wards, streets are laid out without the faintest
regard to beauty, and magnificent trees are cut
down like thistles. Then, worst of all, there
is a project to widen Tremont street, on the
common side, and to cut down the great trees
•n the sidewalk by the Granary burying ground,
all for the convenience of the horse cars. Vigor
ous opposition has so far preven tod the execu
tion of this last plan, but it is not given up, and
any day we may sec Tremont street shorn of
what beauty is still left to it.
At this season everything pertaining to warmth
and comfort is important; and, at a carpet store
on Washington street, I have seen a most inter
esting and curious assortment of rugs. Besides
the usual Turkey, velvet, and other kinds kept
by all carpet-dealers, they have a large collection
of mgs from Bey rout, Egypt and Zanzibar.
There is no regular trade in these articles, but
occasionally a cargo of them is sent here; they
are woven in rude hand looms, are irregular in
shape, with mixed, fantastic patterns; the
two ends of the same rug are always different,
and the patterns are generally ugly—but,
after all, the rugs are thoroughly com
fortable-looking, are warm, flat,durable and not
expensive. They are used here a great deal in
bath-rooms, or wherever there is a bare floor, or
oilcloth; and the larger and handsomer ones
are suitable to lay before any open fire. Those
from Zanzibar are large, woven in narrow
breadths, of gorgeous stripes, and sewed to
gether in the middle, with very large stitches,
and no attempt to match the figures. Their
ugliness and gorgeousness are their merits;
then they have an eastern look, and suggest
the Arabian Nights and all sorts of
wonderful stories of magic carpets, and
oriental luxury. They arc interesting rugs, and
make the flowered or arabesqued velvet ones to
which we are accustomed look very tame. The
present lot is being sold rapidly’and the com
ing of another cargo is doubtful; one may cmne
this month, or not for a longtime; it depends
upon how many are carried to Beyrout, the port
from which most of them are shipped.
Among the new books are some well worth
reading. Miss Proctor’s “Russian Journey is
a pleasant book with glowing descriptions, and
much interesting information in an attractive
form. M. Taine’s “Art in Greece” is delightful
from beginning to end, with a most satisfactory
chapter on the calmness or want of expression
in the laces of the Greek statues, ami an elab
orate comparison of the statue of the Dying
Gaul, usually called the Dying Gladiotor, with
tie statues of the athletes; the former being, as
Mr. Taine thinks, a rude body, with feet display
ing “its simian origin," while the athletes show
a “cultivated body." The hook is full of things
one would like to write about, but the Spy lias
already bad a notice of it.
Roberts Brothers have published in a thin
book with stiff covers, Walt Whitman's poem,
recited at the opening of the American Institute,
in New York, last September. It is strange and
prosaic, with bits of catalogue in it, as all Mr.
Whitman’s poems are, but it has one stanza
that makes it worth keeping; it follows an ad-
Spn: Worcester, Wcbnisbag gaming, gobember 8, 18ZL
dress to the Union; here it is,lf you can give it
room:
••Ami thou, thy Emblem, waving over all!
Delicate beauty! a word to thee, (It may be salu
tary
Itememlier, thou hast not always been, as here to
day, so comfortably ensoverign’d;
In other scenes than these, have I observed thee,
flag;
Not quite so trim and whole, and freshly blooming,
In folds of stainless silk;
But I have seen thee, bunting, to tatters torn, upon
the splinter'd staff,
Or clutched to some young color-bearer’s breast,
with desperate hands.
Savagely struggled for, for life or death—fought
over long,
'Mid cannon’s thunder crash, and many a curse and
groan and yell, and rifle-volleys cracking sharp,
And moving masses, as wild demons surging and
lives as nothing risk’d;
For thy mere remnant, grim’d with dirt ami smoke,
and sopp'd in blood;
For sake ot that, my beauty -and that thou might’st
dally, as now, secure up there,
Many a good man have I wen go under.
A 1/ONt Fortune.
In a work recently published on the geology
and minera'ogy of Georgia, the following slight
ly improbable story is told of the diamond mines
of Hall county:
Running parallel with the marble is the im
mense ledge of itacolumite, nr elastic sandstone,
the matr<x of the diamond. It extends through
out the country for thirty miles, and in every
gold deposit, or branch mine near it, have been
found splendid diamonds by the gold washers,
who, being totally ignorant of their nature or
value, either lost or destroyed them. Some
were sent to Europe to be cut or set in jewelry,
but most of them were lost. Some ol them
are still in the hands of the Anders, who
keep them as mementoes, in their rough state.
Being entirely ignorant of their nature
or value, none were picked up but such
as were without incrustiation, which in
Brazil and Golconda amount to only the one
tenth part of the whole product. Four-filths of
all the diamonds found in any country arc
small, and only (it lor mechanical purposes—in
general, being less than a half carat, or from
one to two grains. The carat is a fraction less
than four grains (three and one-sixth,) but in
all estimates and sales in the mines the carat is
put at four grains. It originated from the use
of the seed of a plant in the East Indies, in the
sales of diamonds. This berry, which grows
only in that region, though not very accurate,
answered the purposes of the semi-civilized In
dians for several thousand years.
The yield hi Brazil, for forty years, from the
labor of from thirty thousand to sixty thousand
hands, ranged between one thousand ami twelve
handled ounces. Of this large, amount they
rarelv found more than three or four, and never
more than ten, that weighed more than thirty
carats. These facts strongly confirm the opin
ion that, when developed, Hall county will be
as rich in diamonds as Brazil, and contain even
a larger per cent of sizable ones ot the first
water. In washing for gold, all the large ones
would, from the construction of the machines,
necessarily be lost or thrown away with the
quartz gravel with which they are associated, and
only such as passed into the rifflers with the
gold and fine sand would be found in the pan
ning after the day’s work was done. All of
those found in Hall county were thus found,
weighing from two to six carats, some few less,
and three were of large size. One of these, as
before stated, was broken up to see the cause of
their luster by the ignorant miners. Another
was used for years by the boys as a “middle
man” in playing marbles; and the largest one
by far was lost by Dr. Loyd, who was employed
to oversee thirty negroes in working the Glade
gold mine, a deposit twelve miles northeast of
Gainesville.
During the f >ur years he was employed he
picked out of the sands of the pannings for gold
every night, after the dav’s washing was over,
about half a pint of pretty stones, which be
gave to his wife, who put them in a mustard
bottle in an old cupboard, except such as the
children took a fancy to, which were generally
lost. When the bottle was lull she made
a little bag, and put them into that
for future amusement. Some of these,
from their size and reputed luster, must have
been worth Irom twenty thousand to fifty thou
sand dollars. But the was found by
himself whilst working in the pit in the place of
a sick hand. He said that about two hours by
the sun (he had no watch), while raising a
gravel he found a stone just like the little ones,
except that it was bright and shining only on
one side,the other side being covered with acrust
of brown stuff. It was about the size of a
“guinea egg.” Being hard pushed to keep the
wheelbarrows filled with gold gravel, so as to
furnish grit for constant washing, he laid it on
the bank hy a gum tree which stood dose by,
until night, When he intended to take it up to
the cabin and give it to his wife and children, as
being the largest of rhe pretty stones he had
found. But when night came the machines were
emptied of their gold sand,and in the hurry of the
moment he forgot all about the pretty stone.
Twelve years afterward he was shown a rough
diamond, ami at once recognized the contents of
the “mustard buttle,” and the “big one” he had
laid up by the gum-tree. Soon after lie found
the “big pretty stone,” the lease expired, and
the company who employed him sent home the
hands, and quit work. About the same time
Mrs. Loyd died; and his daughter, who had
reached womanhood, married, and moved away
to southwestern Georgia, and took the little fur
niture they bad, among which was the cup
board which then contained the fated bag.
When he became satisfied of the value of the
stones, he at once left Atlanta, where he
was keeping the Washington hall, and
went to Ins daughter; but she had no knowl
edge of the bag or mustard bottle. They were
gone. He then went to the mine, and looked
long and anxiously forttie stone by the gum
tree. No tree was there. The ground had been
cleared and cultivated in corn for ten years. He
looked in vain for any sign of the place. None
existed. He now washed the gravel from the
heaps where lie thought it was, for weeks and
months, but he found it not. Discouraged and
weary ot hunting he returned to Atlanta to die.
From his description of its size ami character
there can be no doubt of its being a diamond;
and being, as he described it, about as large as
a “guinea egg,” must, if pure, have been worth
about $25,000,000.
A CiirioiiN Case.
Between two and three years ago two men,
named respectively I’. Kimball and W. 11. Stout,
left Dallas, Texas, in a wagon which was stored
with all sorts and sizes of peddler’s ware, in
tending to sell the latter from place to place, as
they went, for the purpose of paying current
expenses and accumulating a little fund for
their projected long journey to one of the north
western states It is known that they traversed
Arkansas and Missouri in such amiable partner
ship of progress, disposing o' the cargo to satis
factory advantage; but after the team had
crossed the Mississippi at Hannibal, in the state
last named, only Stout remained in the wagon,
which still bore painted on its side his partner’s
name. With what remained of their wares this
man drove through Pike county, immortalized
in the ballads of Mr. John Hay, until arriving
at the town of Pittsfield, where registering him
self at a hotel in his full name and without a
word concerning the fate of his recent associate,
he sold both horses and wagon, and subsequent
ly departed for an unknown destination.
It was. soon after this that the dead body of
Kimball was found lying in a swamp of Pike
county, presenting all the ghastly marks of bru
tal murder, and there seemed no room to doubt
that lie had lullcn by the hand of his partner;
but the dread discovery came too late for any
certain tracking ol the alleged murderer from
Pittsfield, and the law was completely at fault
in its scheme of justice. To stimulate some of
the more pertinacious emissaries ol the latter,
divers relatives of the dead man in Pike and an
adjoining county offered a very liberal reward—
something like sl,soo—for the capture of the ac
cused man, but it was fully two years before the
eager detectives could strike any fresh trail of
him they sought. At last, however, about six
months ago they ascertained that a person call
ing himself W. H. Stout, and in some particu
lars answering the description of poor Kimball’s
treacherous partner, was living at Grand Island,
in Nebraska. Satisfied that he was their man,
they at once telegraphed the authorities of that
place to arrest him on a charge of the murder,
and with a requisition of the governor of Mis
souri, hastened thither like blood hounds to pull
down their prey.
By a curious fatality, the Nebraskian, Stout,
was the telegraph operator at Grand Island, and
of course the telegraph denouncing him byname
as the murderer, and calling for his arrest, was
ticked out by the lightning, letter by letter, and
under bis own eyes, before any other mortal
couid “ee it. Here was a wonderful chance
given him to fly before ought could be known
in his state of the awful charge against him
the lightning had warned him almost miracu
lously; but cither from the confidence of heroic
innocence, or a matchless audacity of guilt, he
despised the temptation ottered by the subtle
messenger of the gods, and delivered to the au
thorities th j dispatch which was to place him in
prison. There the officers from Missouri found
him, and from thence carried him to the state
in which Kimball had been killed.
The city marshal at Hannibal has positively
identified him as the man who had been with
Kimball when the two crossed the Mississippi
from that town before. On the other hand,
four ol the mint respectable citizens of Grand
Island followed him at their own expense, ex
pressly to testily that for three months before
the time ol Kimball’s murder, and for six
months thereafter, Stout was not and could not
have twen absent from Grand Island for three
’lays at any one time. In addition to this last
unimpeachable testimony, and the potent fact
that the prisoner had not availed himself of his
own first reading of the dispatch calljng for his
arrest, he solemnly declared that lie had never
even seen the man he was accused of having
killed, and would accept no less reparation for
tiie cruelty of such a charge than a unanimous
acquittal by a jury.
in proof of his disposition in this respect,
alter he had lieen removed, by change of venue
to Mount Sterling, in Brown county, for trial’,
lie actually refused an tittered opportunity to
escape from prison, when every other captive
of the institution broke loose from thence and
was found by the jailor waiting, solitary’ and
alone, to l>e more securely locked up. At the
trial still other citizens of Grand Island testified’
from personal knowledge, that he was seven
hundred miles away from Pike county, in a
Nebraska hotel, on the very day when Kimball
must have been slain. Yet strange tosay, after
all this, the jury found him guilty and the cir
cuit court sentenced him to the penitentiary for
twenty years. Like Ajax, prince of Locris, he
defied the lightning, and the angered gods,
using stupid men as their instruments, have
punished him for bis temerity.— Pittsburg Lead
er.
J. P. Hall Co. will sell household furniture at
auction at their salesrooms to-day at ten a. m and
two P. M.
Lainson, Glazier <’o. will sell farm stock for 8.
A. Small, in West .Millbury, this afternoon at one
o’clock.
Abbott will begin the closing out auction sale of
furniture for J. D. Chollar, at the Lincoln house,
this afternoon at two o’clock.
For a pretty bonnet or hat, go to Roche’s, 138
Main street, old number 30, the largest and most
complete assortment.
Notice.— Dickey Co., druggists, 5 Mechanics
hall, open day ami night.
nA'i’Kaa? markkts.
Cincinnati, Nov. 7.—Pork-an advinc? asked: sale*
at sl2, 75 40 $3. La it 111 rm. Bulk meats firm; old sides
7c: m w shoulders, 20 to 25 days in salt, 6Mc; sides 7'4
7'* all packed. Bacon steady: shoulders 7Mc; clear
rib7H 40 He. Sugar cured hams 13@I3Sc. Live hogs
higher; sales a’ $4.25 40 4,40: receipts lor the we-k
27,000 head receipts for die season 68,01)0 head, against
47.000 head last year. Whiskey In good demand at HHe.
Chicago, Nov. 7.—The hoard did not meet to-day,
and there were few transactions outside. Wheat de
clined; No2springsl 19'4 40 1,20)4, seller last half of the
month. Corn quiet, al 48c bid. Oats steady at 3lke.
Whisker steady al 85e Live hoes dul' aud a shade low
er, at 53,50 4». 4J2H. Cattle unchanged.
New Uuleans, Nov. 7—Cotton quiet; middlings
at Ise.
Watertown. Nov. 7 —Beef cattle—receipts 862 head:
d**mand good and supply fair; sales choice at $9,50 40
$9.75; extra $'J 40 $9. .5; ti.-l quahly SB.OO fto 8,50; iwc
olid qualitv $7 40 $7.50: thild quality |5 41 6,50 Sheep
and Lambs—receipts II 55't head a lair demand at full
trices; salts in lots al $1.50 $1.50 each; extra $5 (<o
Foreign Market*.— (Bv Atlantic Cable.j
London. Nov. 7.—V. S bonds closed at 91H for 1862,
do. 1865. old. HIH; do. 1867, 93H.
At Frankfort Nov. 7. C. S. 5-. o’s, 1862, 9«H 96W.
Liverpool, Nov. 7.—Cotten quiet and steady; nild
dling uplands 9Hd; do. Orleans 9Md; sales 10,000 bales.
The season for coughs and colds is rapidly approaching,
and every one should be prepared to check the first
symptoms, as a cough contracted between now and
Christinas frequently lasts all winter. There is no better
remedy than “Juhnwn'.i Anodyne Uniment." For all
diseases of the throat and lungs, it should be used inter
nally anl externally.
Li ng Fever, common cold, catarrhal fever, and nasal
discharge ol a brownish color in horses, may be checked
at once by liberal use of Sheridan'* Cavalry Condition
Powder*.
Sweet Sixteen.—ls you wish to look young, as well
as heautitnl, use Hagan’s Magnolia Balm upon your
face, neck ami hands, an I Lyon's C< lebrate I Kathairon
upon your hair. The Balm makes your complexion
natural, transparent and lively. It removes Freckles,
Pimples, Moth-patches. &c., and Instead ot a ml rustic
face, you have the marble purity of a city belle. It gives
to middle age the bloom of youth. Add to this a luxuri
ant head of hair, produced by Lyon’s Kathairon, and a
lady has done her happiest thing in the way of adorn
ment. It is the best Dreeing in the worl 4 and prevents
the hair from falling out and turning gray. Sold by all
Druggists. dcup4wlm o 0
special Uotirts.
Patents Meeuieti.
Re-issuev. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE,
Transfers of Right-, and Patent Cases attended to. by
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass.
Office No. 303 Main St.
a!2 dtf _______________
liman Andii-ona Wanted.
Parties having old fashion Brass Andirons or Fire
Dogs to dispose of, can hear of a purchaser by addressing
E. DRAPER,
n 7 dlw* Providence. R. I.
Immense Force* of Human Life.
The amount of heat force which is produced annually
in the body of an adult man, is sufficient to raise nearly
30,000 pounds of waler from the freezing point to the
boiling point. Mechanical force is also produced. Every
year the heart contracts and dilates 40,000,009 limes, each
time with a force estimated as equal to the pressure of 13
pounds—thousands of ions of blood being t hus annually
dnven through ‘he circulatory system. Nor are these
involuntary actions all. Force is generated as well for a
thousand forms of voluntary action. Thus a healthy
aborlng man is estimated to lie able to exert a force
equal to raising the weight of his body through 10.000
feet in a day. in strict correspondence to this outcome
of force is the internal change in the various tissues,
which accompanies it. The living body has been com
pared to a waterfall. While its apparent form remains
unchanged, its constituent particles arc in a state of
swift, unceasing transition. The joint result of the con
tinual ingoing current through the stomach, etc., etc.,
and of the corresponding outgoing current through the
kidneys, etc., etc is, that the whole human bodv is com
plctely renovated in the-space of about a month. Now
tiie great motor principle In this unceasing flux—which
is the mc:isure of health and the very essence of life—is
the digestive faculty. If the reader fails in the full pos
session of this faculty, and fails consequently in the full
possession of health and of life, let him try Dr. Gottlieb
Fisch’s Bitters. Let him take a wine-glasa full be f ore
aud after each meal. He will very soon experience re
lief. deoplw 116
WurccMlcr Um Light Company.
coke.
Thia Cheap and most Dksiuablf. Fdf.l for Maniifac
luring purposes and Family use. is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Oue Chaldron of 36 bushels $5.00
Oue Halt do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldrun, 15 Cents per
bushel.
rayments may be miule, and orders for its deli very will
be IsMied only at the Office ol the Cuinpany, No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up stairs.
REPAIRS. Ac.
Irregularities or failure of supply ui gasshoukl be report
ed, and applications for service Dipes and meters may be
made at lhe Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton’s Block,'Me
chanic street up stuns. dtf ia4
No More Wet Feel.
CAB L E SCR EH’ IF IRE
AS A FASTENING FOR BOOTS AND SHOES
is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Begs. Besides furnishing the most durable, pliable and
economical i»oot ever offered the public, it affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than ever before made of the same materials.
d& ’All Dealers sell Cable Screw Wired Goods.
KT’Paient Stamp on ail. deop6w o'2
Batchelor’* Hair Dye.—This superb Hair Dye
is the best in the world— perfectly harmless, reiiabh* and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Win. A. Batchelor's
Hair Dye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural Brown: leaves the hair clean, soft, beautiful;
does not contain a panicle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by ail Druggists. Factory, 16 Bond st... N.
dlyr |yio
Eea A Perrin*’ Suuce,
pronounced by connoisseurs 'THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE.”
It Improves appetite ami digestion, ami it is unrivaled
for its flavor. We arc directed by Messrs. Lea Per
kins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
terfeits. JOHN DLNCAN’S SONS. Agents.
aul'2 <leop6in New York.
Mathaws Clhumberlain,
FLUMBEEB.
Corner Waldo aud Exchange SU.. Worcester, Mau.
Bath Tubs and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowls
Wash Trays, Sinks &c Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf Jyß
Tn«
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AMD
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receives Money on Deposit subject to Check at Sight.
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosed in Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
toe Renter alone has access, are offered to the public for
tent, at prices varying from sls to $75 each per annum.
It is a place of Security against Fire or Burglars sot
depositing Valuab.es of all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages, Wills, Deeds, Jewelry, Silver Plate,
Ac., received at very low rates, for which receipts are
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 a.m.,
and a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business Hours from a. m. to 3 p. m.
jy!4 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Sec'v
Awful Defeat!
The rout is complete! The last hope of the parties
who have been getting up Scalp I'ojsons to compete
with
UriMtadoru’N Excelsior Dye
is lost, lost, lost! Still, it towers over all rivals, new and
old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Dye of tub
Country. Still, tens of thousands of heads that once
showed the white flag,
CARRY CRISTADORO'S COLORS,
and the course of the dye of dyes is ever upward and on
ward. So much for excellence, wholesomeness, and a
true reproduction of Nature's tints. As a dressing after
dyeing, use
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
n 3 deopjkweowlm
•John N. UlarX Ac Mon, ('ommlunn Merchants
•nd dealers tn Floor and Drain, Land Piaster, Lime, ('al
ci nod Planter, Gr. Bone, Cement. Sait, Guano. Super
phosphate oi Lime, and Western Produce, Nob. '237 *nd
2«t Front st. Worcester. Mas-.
dtf JOHN H. CLARY A SON
Imlcxleal Silver
Marion Harland, in "Common Sense in the House
hold. page 529, says: "For cleaning silver, 1 have for
veils used the IN I>EXI< AL SiLVER SOAP. Besides
being clean and easy of application, it will not wear
away the metal, as will whiting or chalk or plate pow
der. Sold everywhere. d3m au!B
Dr. F. Morrill, No. 3 Bulfinch 5t., Boston, Mats.
him in all cases; he is the oldest and most ex
penenced specialist in Boston—thirty-three years’ prac
tice. Sc.- his Pocket Medical Adviser. Price 25 cents,
Ncnd for it. _ deopAwll 0»
Five Per Cent, per Aunum
Allowed for Money on Call. K A. GOODNOW,
First National Bank.
Mcn Tuner of the Plano Forte ~Onicrs
are received at XX m. Mecornry’s, p, u. Block.
jyW tjsAwu
Worcester Five Cents Suvlnga llnnk.
OFFICE, NO. O» MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business day. from nine o'clock
in the morning to five o’clock In the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received, and put upon interest on the first of ever*
month.
Dividends of Interest are made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn arc added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
iars. CLARENDON HARRIS.
jv9 dtf Treasurer.
People** Navlny* ISank,
452 MAIN ST.
Depo*lse Nov. I,’Tl 93,<149,083 80.
Deposits are put on Interest on the first day of every
month.
The net profits are divided semi-annually, in February
and August.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank Is open
from 6 to 8 o’clock Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Treas.
Worcester. Nov. 2.1871. d&wtf n 2
Worceater County litMtltutiou fur kuviug*
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each montt
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 94,303,843 VO.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK. President.
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON, Treasurer
Fh« Worcester Mechuuic* Having! linu»
IN CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Dcposite
Deposits put npon Interest on the Fifteenth 0
tach month.
Beal-annual Dividends in January and July.
HARRISON BLISS President
H. Woodward, Treae’r.
deci dawtf
1» 1 y 000 <1 Hill*
MUST BE PAID!
Our customers who have Quarterly Bills due Oct. Ist.
arc requested to
Pay at our Henk,
without further notice.
023 d2w BARNARD, SUMNER <t CO.
Sinking Fast.
Pale, miserable, discouraged, without relish for food
without energy enough for exertion, yet with no acute
pain, or other specific indication of disease, how’ often do
we see feeble invalids fading as it were out of life without
any apparent cause. We say of them that they are
“sinking hurt,” or “sinking gradually,” as the case may
be. But there is no good reason why they should sink at
IIL Per ons in this dead-alive state simply want invig
crating and vitalizing. Nature, in a state of torpor, de
mands help. Bring out the reserve of vitality in the
system, brace the nerves; tone the stomach, break up
the morbid trance of body ami mind with a course of
Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters. It can be done. It has
been done in thousands of Instances. The effect upon
the enervated frame is electric. Ncverfgtvc up. however
languid and broken down. Remember that for the ex*
hausted, the debilitated, the desponding, this powerful
vegetable restorative is a genuine elixir. It is not a mere
stimulant that provokes a transient flash of vigor in the
system, and then leaves it in a more depressed condition
than before. It removes the causes of debility by alter
ing the secretions, and regulating the action of the in
ternal organs, as well as re-enforcing them. It is a par
ticularly valuable medicine at this season, because it is
an antidote to the malaria which produces intermittent
fever, bilious colic and other disorders of the bowels
prevalent in the fall. dekwhv n 2
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. By assimilation I mean
tnai process by which the nutriment of Hie food is con
veried into blood, and thence into the solids ot the body.
Persons with digestion thus Impaired, having the slight
est predisposition to pulmonary disease, or it they lake
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs in some of its forms and I hold that it will be
impossible »o cure any case of Consumption without
first restoring good dige-tion and licalthv assimilation.
The very first thing to be done is to cleanse the stomach
and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform their
functions, an 1 then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest ami best
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse
the stomach and bowels of a'l the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease ami decay in the whole
system. Thcv will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, anl arouse it up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural ami
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck’s Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
the stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, and
the appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lactcals are
weak, ami requiring strength ami support. It is in a
condition like this that Scheivk’s Seaweed Tonic provos
to be the most valuable remedy ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize all excess of acid,
making the stomach s.weet and fresh; it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, anl prepare the system for the first
process ot a good digestion, ami ultimately make good,
he ilthly, living blood. After this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most cas-s of Consumption is the
free and persevering use of Schenck’s Pulmonic Sprup.
The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system, purifies the
blood, and Is readily absorbed int o the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There it. ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to expel all the diseased
matter in the form of free expectoration, when once
it ripens. It i.’ then, by the great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck's Pulmonic Sxrup, that all ulcers
and cavities are healed up sound,' and inv patient is
cured.
The essential thing to be done m curing consumption
Is to get up a good appetite and a good digest-on, so that
the body will grow in flesh and get strong. If a person
has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess there, the cavity
cannut heal, the in tiler cannot ripen, so long as the sys
tern is below par. What is necessary to cure is a new
order of things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
body to grow in flesh and get fat; then nature is helped,
the cavities will heal, the mailer will ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, and the person regain
health ami strength. This is the true and only plan tu
cure Consumption, and if a person is very bad. if tiie
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even H one lung is
entirely gone, if theer is enough vitality lett in the other
to heal up. there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with only one sound
lung, live and enjoy life to a good old age. This is what
Schenck’s inediciaes will do tocure Consumption They
will clean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it,
gel up a good digestion, and give nature the assistance
she needs to clear the system us all the disease that is in
the lungs, whatever the form may be.
It is imi.ortant that, while 11 Jug Schenck’s medicines,
care should be exercised not to take cold; keep in doors
in cool and damp weather; avoid night air ami take out
door exercise onl.y in genial ami warm sunshine.
1 wish it distinctly understood that when I recommend
a patient 10 be careful In regard to taking cold while
using my medicines, Ido so for a special reason. A man
who has but partially recovered from the effects of a bail
cold is far more liable to a relapse t han one who has been
entirely cured, an 1 it Is precisely the same in regard to
Consumption, so long as the lungs are not per ectlv
healed, just so long is there imminent danger of a full
return of the disease Hence it is that Iso strenuously
caution pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Con
firmed consumptives’ lungs arc a mass of sores, which
tiie least change of atmosphere will inflame. The grand
secret of my success with my medicines consists in my
ability to subdue inflammation instea 1 of provoking it,
as many of the faculty do. An inflamed lung cannot
willi safety to the paticnl be exposed to the biting blasts
of winter or the chilling »in<ls oi spring or autumn It
should be carefully shielded from all irritating influences.
The utmost caution should be observed in this particular,
as without it a cure under almost any circumstances is an
impossibility.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and all the medicines continued until the body
has restored to it the natural quantity ot flesh and
strength
I was myseK cured by this treatment of the worst kind
of Consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty
these many years, with ojie lung mostly gone. 1 have
cured thousands since, ami very many have been cured
by this treatment whom I have never seen.
About the first of October 1 expect to take possesion
of my new buihliiu at flic northcast comer of Sixth and
Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies, so that a
person in any part oi the world can be readily cured by a
strict observance of ike same.
D., Philadelphia.
GEORGE C. GOODWIN co.. Agents, Boston.
s» deoptf
On Marrin k«.—Happy Relief for Yonng Men from
the ellccts of Errors and Abuses in early life. Manhood
restored, seminal emissions cured. Impediments to
Marriage removed. New method of treatment. New
and remarkable remedies. Books and Circulars sent
tree, In scale 1 <nvelopcs. Address HOWARD ASSO
CIATION, No. 2 South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa.
nl dTuATh3m
Dr. O. F. Harwood,
n. DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
i>3 d3m
Dr O. 11. linker,
OENTIST,,
ea ri st .opposite the Post Office.
J’ 2 d3,n
Dr. Henry F. Clark,
Office comer Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
«>l3 dtf
Dr. Park hi- removed to 1 its Hospital, comer ot
r rout and Church streets. nhllm*
Hoppin «fc coinmisson Merchants
•nd Dealers in Flour. Corn. Rye, Oats, Malt. .Meal 01 al
kinds, Fine and Coarse Feed. Linseed Oil Meal. Me
chanic «tr*et. WnreAnt< r. Mas* i«n
MA IC HIED
In this city, Nov 2. by Rev A McKeown, Hannah M
Fields to John XV Davis, all of Worcester.
sltln
n ATHELSTAN LODGE, E. X A.
Z\\ M.-Theie will be a Special Communication
•HIS WEDNESDAY f VEXING.
/W\ Nov. Bth. HH, at 7'--o'clock, for the purpose
NF \"i installing the Ottlccrs elect.
By ord' rof Ilie M.
n> 'lit WEBB. See'y.
TITAN TED!—An American girl wants a
v situation to fake earc of children and do sewing.
Apply at .\o. 5 M-h t. U3I n 8
WAN lED A situation to do general
housework. Apply at No. 1 Fountain >t.
"8 d3t*
HP wo PLEASANT TENEMENTS To
A REN 1 —295 Front st. inquire al WEATHERBEE'S
Drug store. dtf n 8
WO OR THREE “GENTLEMEN of
good habits, can obtain hoard and lodging nt 23 Fill
ton st., right hand bell. d3* nR
QUTOATION WANTED To do second
F J work in a genteel family. Apply al the northeast
corner ol Harrison st. and Penn Avenue.
iiß d3l*
A SEAMSTRESS wishes a situation: will
furnish her own machine if required, for the month
or season. Cuts and Fils. Apply nt 84 Chandler st.
_nß_ d3t*
T° LET—A Tenement of four rooms, Ap-
X ply at Nd. 134 Mechanic st, dll* nd
Bito
U 8 I C HALL!
G. T. SHAW Manager.
MFednesdAy Evening, Nov. H,
Positively LAST NIGHT of tha Great Original
MARTINETTI RAVEL!
Ballet, GyiniiiiMtic Pantomime
Troupe.
FOK tub bkWbfit or
MASTER IGNACIO,
The Inr.nit Wonder.
NEW PANTOMIME I
NEW SUNGS 1
NEW DANI ES!
NEW BALTET!
Second Appearance of Mr. HILLY HUNTLEY, the
('lassie Ban 10 ArLst, received lust evening with great
applause.
The performance will commence (by partlcu'ar re
quest) with the beautiful, romantic and seriocomic
Pantomime, entitled
JOCKO,
THE BRAZILIAN APE.
JOCKO Paul Martinetti.
(In which personation he stands without a rival.)
SONG AND DANCE Master Ignacio.
NEW BALLET DI VER HSEMEN
entitled Ilie NY.MPHn’ HO LI HA Y after which Mr.
BILLY HUNTLEY mills great Ban 10 Entert inment
(See programmes.) The whole to conclude with the
favorlle Fairy Trick Pantomime, entitled the
MYSTIC GIFT!
Clown Julian Martinetti.
Full of mtere ting tricks and transformations, among
which is the Clown out in two—his leg’ going one
way and bis bodv another. The Harlequin shot to
pieces; each piece is nut together in front of the audi
cnee, and lie walks off.
Popular Prices Parquette, Orchestra aiid Balcony
75 cents; Dress Circle 50 cents; Family Circle 35 cents.
JlB _ dlt
QECO NII EXHI BI T I O~N
or
FERNERIES, HANGING BASKETS AND AQUARIA
B¥ TKB
Worcester Lyceum Natural History
Association.
The Exhibition will be held at the rooms of the Asso
ciation in Worcester Bank Block, Foster Street,
Tt'ESDAY EVENING, November 7, Rt 7H o’clock, am!
WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY AFTERNOON and
EVENING, the Kthand 9th Inst. The largest Fern cases
in the county will be on exhibition.
Fern Cases for sale, also a flue collection oi Mosses.
Admission—Season Tlckcts3s cts; single tickets 25 cts;
chddren 15 cts. Tickets may lie obtained at the Book
stores and at the door of the hall.
N. PAINE, Chairman, C. E. PHELPS, Secretary of
Committee. d2t ng
OHEUMATiSM &c.
Will you ever Learn Sense?
PROF. MAC, at the I.INCORX HOUSE.
Why do you cripple and distort your lolnts and he
moan your pains, by useless medicine*, llnimen's, bat
teries. baths, &c.. &c., when relief Is at hand by Prof.
Mac's
RENOWNED NEW ZEALAND PLASTER,
which permanently cures. Procure bls extensive pam
phlet. Visit the parties named, even in this city, on
which has been performed cures surpassed by any in the
world. Also, o' Heart. Lung, and Chest Diseases, and
Painful Backs, Dy his simple Phus’cr.
Prof MAC can be consumed free for the ensuing
Three Days onlt. Hours 10 A. x. to 1 p. H. and 2.10 6
P. M.
Head Office, 192 Harrison Avena?, Boston, conducted
bv a competent assistant. dlt* n 8
J) O NOT FORGET THE
LARGE SALE OF FURNITURE,
which takes place
AT 36 O’CLOCK THIS AFTERNOOX,
IN LINCOLN HOUSE BLOCK.
The gio Is will be ready for examination at 10
o’clock in the forenoon.
118 dlt JOHN I>. CHOI.EAR.
SPECIALTY!
The Largest and Best Assorted Stock ot
KID GLOVES
EVER SHOWN IN WORCESTER!
CAN NOW BE FOUND AT
WEINBERG BROS.,
357 Main St.
Black and Colored Alexandre Kid Gloves, I A 2 Buttons.'
Black and Colored Cuurvoisier 1 ,t 2 Buttons.
Black am! Colored Perinot 1 2 Buttons.
Bl ack and Colored Jouvin 1 Ac 2 But ons
Biack and Colored Hector 1 2 Bu'tons
Black and Color-d Hanis Seamless —the best fitting
Glove in the market.
Also, a complete assortment of the '‘Joseph" Gloves,
at $1.06 perpair. Every pair warranted.
A choice stock of Real French Corsets, in White and
Colored, from 75 cts. to s’>.oo per pair.
A large and well selected Stock of Ladies', Gents’ and
Children’s Fleece-lined and Merino
HOSIERY, GLOVES AND UNDERW AR.
Our Laces and Lace Goods are now
Complete.
Real Point and Point Applique Laces, Sleeves, Collars,
Handkercbiets, &c.
Real Point, Point Applique and Th'ead Lace Barbes and
Capes.
New and Elegant Patterns In
Edgings and Insertings I
Dress Trimmings, Fringes, Gimps, and Buttons.
Best B'ack and Fancy Colored Velvet
Best German Worthed, Sofa Pillow Cu&hions and
Slipper Patterns.
Breakfast Shawls, Ladies’ and Children’s Knit Jackets
A full assortment of Providence Yarns.
AMT Remember, the above Goods are nut shop-worn
all new, and bought in the last six months.
WEINBERG BROS,
2 Doors North of’Foster St.
n 8 dtdl
yyooD!
CORD WOOD
For Sale I
About 200 Cords Excellent Hard Wood. The lot will
be sold in bulk, or in quantities to suit purchasers. For
farther particulars apply to
K P. COOKE As CO.,
n 8 dlw No. h c.-ntral Exchange.
PAINTED CH AMBER SETS. We keep
a better am! larger assortment than can i>c| found
elsewhere in the city, all nicely grained, and some sp'en
di >ly ornamented. Will be sold at retail at wholesale
price*, for cash, or by installments at a reasonable profit.
Our assortment, and beauty of finish, of this cla-s of
work has never been equalled in this city.
H. W. DEN NV CO..
dzw 555 Main »i., Sargent S<inare.
gUTTER BI TTER i BUTTEB !J
Received this day. 75 Tubs of
CHOICE YORK STATE BUTTER!
Any person wishing a choice tub ot Butter, can be
supplied by calling upon or addressing
A. p. SPAULDING,
_n« deop3t* 13 Gohl st.
HO! YE HOMELESS. -FOK SALE
■S:;| Good bouse, barn, 2'» acres oi superior land;
8111 l splendid orchard; good neighborhood; near
school; 2'* miles from deput; nine miles from
Worcester. Will be sold for SIOUU, on easy terms. Very
pleasant location. L. A. ELY’ A co,
118 dtf or. Mam and Pleasant sts.
fiFOR SALE—On Woodland st., a
good single tenement house ot V rooms; hut and
cold water, ba'h-reom; veiv convenient; pleasant
location; guod lot
L. A. ELY «t CO.,
ns dtf Cor. Main and Pleasant sts.
TVOTK’E. -By License of Court, will be
x N sold by Public Auction, on the premises, In Grafton,
on TUESDAY, the 2lst day of November, 1871. al 11
o’clock A. m., all the Real Estate of which Rev. William
G. Scandlln, late ot said Gratton, died seized and pos
sessed Said estate cun ists ot a House, Barn, and about
25 acres of Land. GILBERT TAFT, Adm'r.
Grifton, November, 1871. dn8,13.t20* us
VMfANTED A situation by an American
girl, to do famlD sewing, and' would lake care ot
a child it ile-.in d Address Want. Worcester Spy Office.
ns ,|3t*
A SITUATION WANTKD As s< am-
XM. stress, by one that is u-e I to all kirns of sewing,
ami can run a sewing machine. Will go out by Hie dav
it Wanted. Inquire of C. K HUBBARD, No. 1 Rogers'
Block, cor. Main and Pleasant sis. d3t* 118
A RESPECTABL'E LADY of experience
hi teaching, wants a situation as Preparatory
Governess, where the children are young, or to take care
of children. A comfortable home inure desirable than
salary. Address C. C., Box 356, Worcester Post Office.
IIH
L POUND TWO BUNDLESOFOLOTH'-
ING The owner can have the same by proving
property and paying charges. JoIIN MORKV,
118 J3l* 2 Grove si.
STRAYED- From the pasture
the subscriber, in Leicester, 3 XX ESI
EKS .STEERS, XV ere last seen in the
4a JI m.iitheastern part of Auburn. Tin-tinder
will be hberallv ic warded on giving iiroimation of their
whereabouts t<> M. A. WHEELER,
0*26 d2w£wlt Lent -fi r.
STRAYED OR STOLEN—From
t e pasture of he .subscriber, TWU SMALL
COWS, about six years old; one with
«?>Ser3sharp horns the other blunted. Information
will be suitably rewarded. D. R. GATES.
nl dlw&wlt* Gates Lane, New Weraeetcr.
I^OUND—A Bull Terrier, which the owner
A can have by proving property and paying charges.
r. 6 d3t* _ WAL SAV AG E. Mont street.
2 WHITNEY’S NEATS FOOT
HARNESS SOAP.
jgF steam refined.
M It Oils, Blacks, Polishes, and Soaps at
Hie same time. Put up in large and small
size boxes, also in 3 1 1>. bars. Has been in use for years
and gives perfect satisfaction. Send stamp for our
WAVERLY. Address G. F. WHITNEY &CO
OTO dßm W Milk st.. Boston. Mass.
Hyacinths, TULIPS, and other
Dutch Bulbs, for sale by
lltf JOUS S. BAbLABD A CO.
anti sbots.
JUST STEP IN TO FLETCHEH’S, and
look at those Gentlemens Slippers, just received
from the Manulkctonr. No. 3 Bay Mate House Block,
One Price Store, 285 Main st dtf n 2
AJOTiCE!
Ladies’ Congress Gaiters, 81,25
LADIES’, MISSES' ANO CHILDRES S STUDDED
GAITERS!
Men's Calf Tap Sole Boots, $4.50!
Men's Calf Boots, Extra wide, $4.001
Having secured the services of Mr. L. L. PIERCE,
the former proprietor of the store, I hope to fully meet
the wants of my customers.
Thankful for past patronage, I hope to merit the con
tinuance of the same.
JOEL FLETCHFR,
No. 3 Bay State House Block, No. 285 Main st.
s!6 dtf
furniture.
An entire outfit for house-
KEEPING!
WE UFFER FOK SALE!
Solid Black Wahiut Marble Top Chamber Suites, B.
W. Trimmed Chamber Suites, Painted Chamber St:it<s.
B. W. Framed Parlor Suites, in Hair Cloth, Reps or
Terry; B. W. Wardrobes, Sideboards, Secretane-, Hat
Trees. B. W Gilt and Common Framed M r or-, B. W.
and Chestnut, Extension Tables, Dining Chairs. Ac..
Rocking, Easy and parlor Chairs, Common Bedstea is.
Bureaus, Tables. Chairs. Ac Hair and Common Mat
tresses, Feathers. Feather Beds and Pillows. Blankets
and Comforters Crockery. Cutlery, Rogers Bros.’ Silver
Plated Goods, Ac
AU at reasonable prices. Call and examine.
LAMSON, GLaZIER A C<>
n 7 _ dtf 202. 204 and 206 Main st.
LOUNGES!— 50 DIFFERENT STYLES —the
largest assortment to lie found in the city. All our
own manufacture; will be sold at retail at wh detale
prices, Fun cash, or by ins'alhnents at a rca.-onab e
profit. H. W. DENNY A CO.,
iii d2w 555 Main st, Sargent Square.
EN R Y AT BOWM AN~
UPHOLSTERER.
PARLOR SUITES
of all sty'es, and all kinds of Upholstery Work made to
order.
Or “Repairing done at short notice.
cut, made and put down.
SPONGE! SPONGE! SPONGE!
Cheaper and more durable than Hair or Feathers, for
Mattnuses, Pillows or Cu bions.
H. A. BOWMAJNR
10 Foster Nt <>pp* ISo*fon Depot.
u 3 dtf
BROWN,
PRACTICAL
UPHOLSTERER,
Kuoni* Central Exchange, Bin In <1
ivl dtf
IS YOUR TIME T() SIX'I I:E A
WALXUT CHAMBER SUITE!
and make your selection from twenty-five or more dis
ferent styles, all thorough made an i warranted, at man
ufacturers’ wholesale prices, for cash or sa is actory
paper, or for a reasonable profit, payment m <y b" made
ny Installments. Any party going to Boston lor such
goodsis not posted. Come in a id examine our slock
and prices, after looking elsewhere.
H W. DENNY A CO.
nb d2w 555 Main st.. Sargent Square.
AS. V PUT Ta M
No. 143 Main St.,
bas cou.tanlly on hand and for tale:
B. Walnut Chamber Sets, with Marbles.
Parlor Suites.
Chestnut Extension Tables
Marble-Top Centre Tables.
Also, a very full assortment of Painted and Grained
Furniture—cheap as the cheapest. A great variety of
I’ll I ED K EX'S A K KIA 6 EN,
and a full stock of Stone China, and Crockery of James
Edwards and other celebrated manufacturers.
Also, a full assortment of Gentlemen's Furnishing
Goods; Clocks. Jewelry, and other fancy articles.
CHARLES V. PUTNAM.
mh2B dtf
gjnsiatl.
A UA F. KENT,
il TEACHER OF MUSIC,
s 4 <lt f No. 7 Waldo st
AS. ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner nnd
Music Teacher. Rooms at C. L. Gorham Co. s,
454 Main st. Order Slates may also be iotino with Is. 1).
Allen. 41 Pleasant st., and at S. N Story’s Jewelry Es
lahlishmcnt. dtr
SOUTHS AND’S ORC H EST RA,
WOKCE9TEB. MANS.
Private Parties, Balls. Picnics, Festivals and Excur
sions furnished with any number of Pieces at the short
est notice. G. H. WILSON, Prompter.
Drier Book at Richards, MetcaU A Co's. 441 Main st.
Also, at Office ol G. 11. Southland, 21 Crompton’s Block,
Mechanic >t.
Mr. <l. 11. Wilson, thankful for past favors, solicits a
continuation of the same in future. d3w* 030
mUNING, POLISH)NG REPAIRING
PIANO FOKTES.
We respect fully announce to the public that we have
secured llic valuable services of Mr. WM. C. ELLIS, of
Boston, who has for the past eighteen years been con
nected with one of the largest Manufactories in tn<
State. Mr. Ellis, as a thorough workman and practical
mechanic, bears a reputation second to none in the
country. His Tuning, Repairing, <tc., in every instance,
gives entire satisfaction; and in connection wit h a first
class Polisher, old Pianos are made as good as new, lor a
very low price.
Please .call and examine work at Repair Room.
444 Matin Wurceater, Spy Block.
821 dtf RICHARDS. METCALF A
RICHAKDsbN’S NEW METHOD FOK
THE PIANOFORTE.
Tills well-proved Method has been 12 years before the
public Carefully prepared, and highly recommended at
the outset, it has steadily increased in public favor, untli.
some years Bince.it fairly reached the highest position,
and seems likely to retain it tor a long time.
Annual Sale 25,000 Uopic**
Commencing to take lessons, now a-days, and pur
chasing a ‘’Richardson’* arc very apt to be cotemporanc*
ous events.
Price, $3 75. Sent, post-paid, for the. retail price.
■ns dtf OLIVER DiTSON A- CO.. Boston.
QHICKEKING SONS’
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES,
And upon the Most Favorable Terms of
Payment.
We invite the attention of persons intending to pur
chase Pianos, to our New Illustrated Catalogue, giving
full descriptions of Styles and Prices, and the terms on
which we sell to those desiring to make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send Tor a Catalogue.
CHICKERING SOiNS,
354 Washington St., Boston.
11 East 14th St.. New York.
023 d&wl n
ALL INSTRUMENTS USED~IN
BANDS; A LSD,
VIOLINS, Guitars, (Including Martin’s celebrated
Guitars,) Violoncellos, Double Basses. Concertinas.
French and German Accordeons, Flutinas. Banjos, Har
monicas, Flutes, Piccolos and Flageolets, with all things
needed in their use or repair, as:
STRINGS, Bows, Pegs, Finger Boards, Bridges. Reeds,
Screws, Ac.
Also. Tuning Forks. Pitch Pipes and Tuning Hammers,
manufactured of the best stock, or imported, and for
sale by
J. C. HAYNES Ac
33 Court st., opposite the Court House, Boston.
s» deop&wly
SBPTK MB E R 1 18 71.
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Druggists,
PROPRIETORS OF
Medical Hall, Estab. 1847.
430 Main St., cor. Pleasant,
DEALERS IN
Pure Drugs
wivell 'THNT MEDICINES in the market.
WINES AND LIQUORS for medicinal use—all war-
KANTKh PURB AND L'NADULTERATED.
“A NIMBLE PENNY IS BETTER
THAN A SLOW SIXPENCE.”
OT' We respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
atr
mHE LADIES’ HAIR^TOHB.—Misses
A A. E. A F. O. CLOUGH would respectfully Inform
their lady friends and former patrons, that they have
returned to their Old location, (12 Front st., S. R. Lelands
Building, opposite the Common, where they will be
happy to attend to the wants ot all who may favor them
with a call, in making work to order; also, renovating
and adjusting old sets of hair; cutting childreu's and
misses' hair, champooing. Ac., »ke.
ANNA K. CLOUGH.
UU3O dtf JANSY O. CLOUGH.
Wants.
WANTED—A situation as Book keeper—
manufacturing business preferred. Address Box
282, Worcester, Mass. dtf n ’_
SITUATION WANTED—To do general
K? housework. Apply at No. 48 Gold st.
n 7
ITUATION WANTED To do general
)O housework. Apply at No. 20 Lunelle st.
n 7 d3t*
■WANTED A voung man to serve as light
porter, at the "Boston Sture,” 401 and 403 Amiu
street dtf
SITUATION WANTED-To (Io general
kJ housework r s.« ond work in a private fhmily-
Apply at 40 Gold st. d«t* _
SITUATION WANTED—To do second
k’ work In n private familv, or to assist In general
housework. Apply nt No. 2? Vine st. d3t* »•!_
anted An American boy, from 14to
1 16 years old, whose piirctit* reside In the city, and
can come well recommended, ns an office boy. Apply aL
424 Main st.. Boom A. dtf
mwd GENTLEM EN, or a (lentleinaii and
A his wife can be accommodated wllft l»oard in a pri
vate family. Applv at 21 Irvmg steret. -Jt*
Attention japannerb Pa num
who thoroughly understands the business of 'apan
ning tin anl iron In sheets, such as are used by sign
painters and photographers, can make a connection *0
his advantage !>v corresponding with THE KELLGGt'
BULKELEY CO., Hartford. Ct. d6l n«
J>OY WANTED I
EEDRED A LIHt OMH.
n$ <tll 407 Main .-st.
GIRL WANTED- To do general house
work- Apply at 8W Main street. dtf 116
SITUATION WANTED—As second girl,
or to do general housework. Apply' fit Ko. 161 Me
chanic st. d3t* n 6
JJ OA1:D ER S WANT KD I
Apply immediately.
n 4 d6t* No. IO Sudburv Nf,
GENTS WANTED In every town in
Worcester C'tint v, to sell our new and valuable
articles. Ladies and gcntlcuien, with a capital of $3 to*
$5, can double their money every flay. Call a office, or
address, with stamp, GREENWOOD «t CO
nt (Ut 410 Main M.
4 GENTS WANTED-MALE AND FE-
MALE—In even town In the LKITEO States, to
sell an article needed bv even ladv. A MVE Agent can
make from $5 to S2O per day easily. Send <2 for sample,
urcalloii C. HASTINGS, Milicury.Muss.
MilHiniy. s VI) t. 7. I*7l. dtf
\VANTED—A good cook. Inquire G.
W. IIAMIuTON’S, 5 Vernon st.
<»-7 dtf
IVANTED 2 or 3 smart, active girls, tov
Drawing in cotton Warps.
STURBRIDGE COTTON MILLS,
"-'7 dlt Fukdalu. Mass.
43 ANTED—S,OOO Quart Champagne Bot
tics, by E. JEWETT, Manufacturer of improved
Tonic Beer, 26 Exchange st., Worcester. Mass.
ie!2 dtdecl
\VANTED -Good reliablemen, to represent
the Union Mutual Life ln». Co. cf Maine in this
city, to whom good compensation will be. paid. Abo,
Ageuis throii.'hout the County, where the company is
not represented. Address I'. Box 171, Worcester.
013 dM.WASIf
U’ ANTED! To exchange good property
for a house in the city. Address I’. O. Box 722.
115 d3t
'I’ABLE BOARDERS can be acconimo
dated at the corner of Gra ton st. and Penn avenue,,
east front door. dlw* n 2
WANTED A good Moulding Sticker.
Apply at once, at RUSS <t EDDY'S Moaldlng,
Works, 26 Mauches er si., corner of Bridge.
nl dtf
tn per month guaran-
•P1 1 HF ID O v teed sure to A geifte every
where selling our new seven strand White Uvatina
Clothes Lines, sells readily at everv House. S.tMpleß
free. Address the GIRARD WiltE M ILLS,
023 deop£weow*2m* Philadelphia, f**.
Vetoing ijgtndjrnes.
IJIHE AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Ovcrseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
tST' Please call and examine Machines and 1 Work, at
334 Main Street.
dtf i. 11. arrocKWFJnuL.
HHHE
HGWE SEWING MACHINES
AND E. BUTTERICK A CO.'S CELEBRATED PAT*
TERNS, for Ladies', Misses’, and Children’s Garments
of all kinds, ami .shirt Patterns of all sizes, at
Alnin St., Worcester. Mass
K. Q. SI” AULD INO, Agent.
Also, Needles FOK ALL AINDS OF MACHINES, Silk, OIL
&c. Tuckers, Rufflers, and Corders.
Repaired. dtf ap6
yyuED
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite!!
A. K. P£CK, Agent,
08 dtf 100 M ain St.
L ER WILS
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE THE BEST
Ever OfFcred to Public Patronage.
They are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity make an even and firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use.
Call and see before purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salcdruom, or
house of purchaser.
Of" Every Machine warranted.
KELL PERCIVAL
340 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
sl3 deoptf
SEWING MACHINE!
Elegant, Simple, and Durable!
lA>C’l£-STITCH.
STRAIGHT NEEDLE AND SHETTEE.
Agents Wan'ed. Address Keystone Hewing Ma
chine Co., 220 Tremont st., Boston.
012 dTu.ThAStf J. C. BROCK, Agent
.Stoats, tfc.
pu knacks.
k?I»KLEE'» PATENT AUPEBIOR
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE! Z
LN BRICK, OR AS PORTABLE,
A. RUSSELL CO.,
30 4OVTIIBRIDGE »T., WORCESTER
Hole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yourselves that it is the beat Hot
Air Furnace :n the market, having nearly double the
amount oi healing aurface, ami a vapor pan so arranged
as to supply a pleasant and agreeable heal, free from dust,
smoke and gas. as the many persons who have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a large and select stock Stoves, Tin. Iron, Copl
per and Glass ware.
Tin Roofing, Pump Work and Jobbing of all kindaat*
tended to with neatness ana dispatch
A KU SHELL A CO.,
No. 36 Sotithbrldge Bt.. Worcester.
myß dtf
K os; S T K E L, &c
The subscribers have constantly on hand a verylargl
asaorlment of IRON AND STEEJL of alldcscrlp
lions. Also,
ANVILS, CHAINS,
VISES. NUTS,
BELLOWS. WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES. HORSE SHOES.
HAMM EKS. HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES. RASPS.
SPRINGS TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS. GRINDSTONES,
BEACH SAND, Ac., &e.
which will be Bold at the lowest price*, at the olditanp
WAOHINBTOM SQUARE.
PRATT A INNMAN
Worccßtcr. April 1.1866. deoptf «pl
TABLI 8H ED IN 18 2 5
W. K. WHEELER,
(SucccßHor to Win, A. Wheeler,) manufacturer of
Machine, Railroad, Iron, Bra**, and Conn
position
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROP HAMMERS
Aqueduct, Gas and Steam Pine, Wire Machinery and
Annealers, Water Wheels. Elevators, Clay Grinders,
Corn and Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, Stop
Cocks. Windo Weights. Ac.
Shafting, Mill Work ana Gearing, Forging, Patter!
Work and Machine Jobbing done to order.
THOMAS STREET.
mlill dtf Worcester. Mass.
Dissolution of copartnership.
The flrm heretofore ex.sting, under the name, o
REVERE HEWETT, is this day dissolved by mulua
consent. N. L. REVERE,
S. A. HE WE IT.
I shall continue the hu.Mness of General Jobbing, Re
pairing Sewing Machines. Ac heretofore conducted by
Revere A Hewett, at No. 80 Southbridge m.
YanntenOot.n,an. au u I<EVE .a
Hard and-white pine timbeb
On hand and Sawed to Dimension..
HARD PINE PLANK, HARD PINE FLOORINQ
B °ABDS, or tale by
»TKT Ho w A po r E
D ol 1 rn<>r f E OSc.H
®l>L u State .t, Bokoh. dir