NEW YORK HERALD
BROADWAY AND ANN STREET.
JAMES GORDON BENNETT,
PROPRIETOR.
All business or news letter and telegraphic
clrspttchex must be addtvwted New Yoke
HBtIA
Letters and packages -hotihl be properly
sealed.
Yelwme XXXrt No. 3M
AMUSEMENTS TWS AfTENNM* AM EVEMML
BOOTH 'a THEATRE, Tvnt|4ktnt it., corner Stint it.?
Ivuti* Vaua
GRAND OPERA HOUSE, corner or M.0 nod W at?
Tnarr or Lbavs Mam. Matinee el a~w Acurtu
WOOD'S MUSEUM, Broadway, oorttsr .'tub ,i. Perform*
ancoe afternoon and erenu>?.?Satan in Pabin. Ao.
tirra AVKNUB TIIKATBK. Twentr-fo.irta' etreot.
Tit a aanr Drama or Dcvowos. Matinee at Ife
UNA EDWIN'S THEATRE. No. T*? Rroad WRr> ?OTKRA
Aoorrs-Nabob Hi ma Matinee at 1
WALLACE'S THEATRE, Broadway an I USh street.?
loan Oabth
NTBLO'S i! vnORK, Brovwu,. be rran Prmie aod
Houston (trtlle?Hi.AOK CBOUK. Wntmee at B
AIMER'S OPERA BOUFFB, 7? Bro dway.?HABBS
Birra. Matinee?La raatcuoLK.
BOWERY THEATRE, Bowery.? Ma*, kit A QaLB
Bbbsuly. Matinee at 3.
OLYMPIC THEATRE, Broadway Tint Ballet Pan
TOMIMB ?p Humptt DtXMFTT. Matinee at 1
HTADT THEATRE, Mob. 48 and 47 Bowery.e-THc Iron
MaSK.
STFINWAT HALL, Fourteenth etreet. liAWnaL'a Ora
Toato or tub Masaiau.
MRS. P. B. OONWAY*B BROOKLYN TftEATBE.
Tua Tasaa OlaKdsmin. Matinee at 2.
BROOKLYN ACADEMY OP MUSIC. Montague Croat
?mrrioamb in Taris?His Last Lena.
PARK THEATRB, oppoalte City Hall, Brooklyn.?
PovBBTt Flat.
THEATRE OOMIQUB, 614 Broadway. -C#mio VooAL
ISMS, Nbuko Ana. So Matinee at 9.
UNION SQUARE THEATRE. Fonro-enth at. and Broad
Way?hrtiRo Aotb?Buslesqpb, Bali.tt, to. Matinee
TONT PASTOR'S OPERA HOUSE. No. 201 Bowery.?
hruao EoCBNTKIOITIBb, BCBLKauCFtt, Ac. Miitlnee.
BRYANrs NEW OPERA HOUSE, 211 at., between 6th
and7than.--BbvaNT's Minstrvi.a Matinee at L
SAN FRANCISCO MINSTREL HaLL, MW Broadway
The Sam PttANOieoo Minbtbbls. Matinea at 2.
THIRTY-FOURTH STREET THEATRE, near Third are
bue.?Nxoao Eoubntbioitibs. Yooausms, An. Mutinee
NEW YORK CIRCUS, Fourteenm aireeu -MndNte in
Ens Ring. Aobohatb, Ao. Matinee at 3%.
NIXON'S ORE AT SOUTHERN CIRCUS, 728 Broadway.?
Bobmms in tue Ring, Ao. Matinee.
WABHINOTON HALL, WUllatniburg?Blind Tott, the
Mdsioai. Pnouior.
DR. KAHN'S ANATOMICAL MUSEUM. 746 Broadway.
Beta a oa amd Art.
MRW YORK MUSEUM OF ANATOMY, 618 Broadway?
WOOUlOR AMI ART.
New York, Monday, December 23, 1871*
COJTEim OF TO-DAY'S HT.HAI.D.
PASS.
1?ASrert isenien ts.
Adverruemcuts.
W1? War in Mexico: The Greatest Revolution
that Bvcr Desolated the Uaiortunatc Repub
lic; The Heat Generate Keroltlug; Murder and
Rapine the Order ol tue Day?More Murder
and Lynching In Termeeeec?Viowa ol the
Past?Jte kn Klux Trials: Fnli DcmonMra
tion of the Political character of the American
Vetimgerichte.
4?Bdttonait. Leading Article, Chriatmaa
iTogrosa and Power ol Ohrtsilanity?The
Mission ol Americana"?Political Movements
and Vlewa?The Hunter's Point Hiole War?
Votcanie KrnpUon?Kuictrte oa a Business
Basis?The Dekalb a ad Dr. Lav tngmbne?A
somewhat Snspicous Case?Amusement An*
nou nee ni on ts.
g_uermanr: The Emperor Wlfltem Lfkely to visit
tltc cr.nr of Russia?The Prince of Wales'
Henllh?Weather Report?The Tornado Trav
elling?The International Federal Council?
Smothered to Iieatn?sews from Washington
?A Trap Cnn TrBgixly?Gloomv Gotham.
The Upper Portion or the Cut Still Shrouded
In Darknej*?A Cannibalistic Female?Mia*
ceilaneous Telegrams?Business Mottoes.
#?Religious; sermon and 8oag in the sanctuaries
ol ilie City Vestoruav; Discourses on the Ap
proaching Holy Festival?Tlie Death o( Catha
rine cstulL
9?The City Charter: Draft of the Pi opoeed Charter
of the Committee of Seventy?News of Dr.
Livingstone?Firo in Kldridge street?Ftaaa*
rial and Commercial Reports?(ante Market?
Jtomesilo Markets?Dry Goods Mark etc? Ad
vertisements.
8?Cnristmas: The Religions and Moclai Aspect of
the Christian Festival: Choral Music at the
Churches; The Car# of Pious Cliarltv forth#
Poor and Homeless; How Christmas is Kept
bv the Germane; Mtduiglu Services at st Al
lan's Church and St. Man Hoboken?The
Grand Duke Alexis-Slilppint Intellicence?
Marriages and Deaths?Advertisements.
A "Tempest n? a Teapot"?The rebellion
fn Pennsylvania against Grant.
Dentists in Council.?Look ont for jaw
cracking speeches when the present contro
versy among the dentists comes into Court.
A Great Relief?The relief which we
experience from the adjournment of Congress
till after New Year. Thanks for tills great
mercy. And all the people will say Amen!
Tint Grand Duke, Instead of spending bis
Christmas, ns it was enppoBed he might, In
hunting down the buffalo, has been hunted
down by the Buffaloes, and will devote the
day to Buffalo.
Gominq To It At Last. ?'The Bsnk of
France is to be authorised to increase its oir
oulatioo to the extent of twenty-seven hun
dred millions of francs and to issue small
?otes.
Chicago has just discovered that she has a
city debt of a little over four hundred thousand
dollars. Pooh! a mere bagatelle. New
Tork oan see that four hundred thousand and
go noarly a hundred millions better.
The Emperor of Germany contemplates
visiting the Ostr of Russia at an early
moment next spring. So we ape specially
Informed by cable telegram. The compli
ment will be quite natural, in Ike way of a
friendly family greeting.
Misplaced Indignation?The indignation
jaf the people of California In failing to get the
destructive storm which they had been looking
for. Let them be patient; they may get it
grt, and as muoh as they want. The Clerk of
jthe Weather baa lately bad bis bands foil with
file late storms In the East; but now, we think,
ho win he able to attend to California.
"Brawns Divine"?The spirits tn Henry
Ward Beeehers church.
The First Cardinal?if the report we
Wws from Horns on the subject Is correct
Axohbishop McCloskry has been promoted to
the red hst of a Cardinal, and he is the drat
Cardinal of Mother Church chosen from the
felergy of the United States. At all events be
Bi serves the honor, end if appoloted he will
ho aa important accession to the College of
OhrdiMals.
Tub Demooba no paper* in California, as a
general thing, deprecate the passive
If so aoon I am to be >lone (or
Won lei what I was begun ivt,
qtiWM Priiriw ail. p?wer ml
Itaalty-Tht BUwIoa mt Aaerlna*.
At no other season of the year are all the
sweet and sacred sentiments of the human
heart so universally awakened as at Christ
mas. This is because the immortal system
founded by Him whose birth the season cele
brates is so perfectly adapted to the nature
and necessities of mortals. When the reign
of perfect peaoe and universal brotherhood
shall have been established Christmas will
have then become the day of days, the univer
sal holy day among all the nationa. Though
that promised period, "which kings and
prophets wilted for," has not yet arrived,
chimes of consecrated bells in Christian coun
tries will this morning summon multitudes to
celebrate the anniversary of the nativity ofi
Jesua. And in response to the snm
mona of the chimes and their own convic
tions millions of worshippers will assemble for
that purpose in churobea and cathedrals. To
those who are lees Impressed by simple ser
vices than by imposing religious ceremonials
the effect of songs of adoration and of praise
will be increased by the aid of magnificent
instrumental musio, and the solemnity of the
scene will be augmented by the "dim religions
light'' that shines through the crimson and
pnrple of the painted windows. The Christ
mas carols, songs and symphonies that will be
chanted by choirs and congregations are bnt
the echoes of the celestial voices of that
heavenly host which accompanied the angel
who annonooed to the astonished shepherds
the advent of the Messiah whose appearance
had been prophesied for ages. They are but
the echoes, also, of the songs of faith and
praise that have subsequently lingered on the
lips and immortalized the memories of mar
tyrs.
Viewed in whatever light it may be, the
missiou of Jesus Christ to humanity is sopreme
in its importance. We need not enter into a
discussion of the character of Christ or of the
system which He founded. Rival religionists
who exclaim "Ecee Homo!" and "Ecoe Deu$!"
may rejoice respectively in their opinions.
Whatever peculiar forms of faith scots of mod
ern Christians may adhere to, it is enough to
know that nil concur in acknowledging that
Christ was the most perfect cbaraoter that
ever trod the earth, and that the snfest and
sublimest rules of human conduct are those
which He expounded. Though faith, sublime in
its simplicity, questions not bnt justifies "the
ways of God to man," those ways are only
known to us as mysteries. And among the
most marvellous of these is the manner in which
the Creator has at different times revealed
Himself nnto His creatures. In the Old Testa
ment He assumes the character of awfnl ma
jesty to whom burnt offerings and sacrifices
were essential in order to appease His
wrath and stay-(he avenging hand of jnstloe.
In the New Testament He assumes the
character of wonderful humility, combined
vfih infinite love, gentleness nbd mercy.
This is the character in which life appears
the dearest to human beings. It is more
In harmony with, as we have said, the
nature and necessities of mortals, and with the
intelligence which has superseded the Ignor
ance of departed ages. Hence we gladly lura
from the thunders of Sinai to the Sermon on
the Mount, and from the majesty of Jebovsh
to the simplicity of Jesus.
Without fallowing the fortunes of Christianity
through all its ereatful epochs we asj remark
that tbongh its march has been attended with
wonderful vicissitudes, and has been tempo
rarily impeded at various Intervals, its oareer
has been one of progress from its foundation to
the present period. The history of the Church
is Ute most remarkable in human annals.
Judaism bad flourished end failed, the civilisa
tion of Greece was on the wane, the
supremacy of the Roman empire was
sinking under the power of paganism,
when there arose from the most bumble
origin a system which, soon spreading
along the shores of the Mediterranean, has
since fought and won its way over the whole
of what is nowdenominatod Christendom. For
centuries persecutions followed It Into Asia
Minor, Greece, Italy and Africa, until they were
in a measure arrested under Conslantine. But
while paganism was extinguished and Chris
tianity extended the Church became corrupt
and continued to become corrupted. The most
serious assault that Christianity has sustained
came from the system founded by Mohammed,
who claimed to be commissioned to restore the
true religion revealed by God to Abraham. By
the power of compiest his system was carried
triumphantly from Arabia over countries
where Christianity still, flourished; it spread
into 8p*1n, even France was threatened, and
for a time the cause ot Christ seemed to he
seriously endangered. But Christianity
had not lost Its vitality, i hough the
Church was weak and its affair*
were improperly administered. The Refor
mation inspired by Luther came when refor
mation wns most needed Luther understood
the true idea of Christianity, and he, more
than all bis coadjutors, labored successfully
to restore it In its spirit Tbongh it has
passed through seas of blood, the system of
salvation born with the Babe of Bethlehem has
survived all the shocks of ignorance and hea
thenism, nnd Is destined not only to make the
world synonymous with Christendom, but to
make the trne spirit of Christianity the guid
ing principle of every Individual.
Christianity is love, and love ie the moat
potent power in all the universe. The mission
of the Messiah was not so much to found a
Church or sect as to establish and exemplify
Immortal principles. Glory to God in the high
est, and on earth pence and good will toward
men, is the snm and substance of the Christian
system. Christ wan the link that unites man
to his Maker. He onme I* show the sympathy
existing between the Creator and His crea
tures to elevalo humanity by presenting In
His person a living example of what humanity
might be, nnd.tg point ont the way to a glori
ous immortality. It is because Christianity is
so perfectly adapted to the complex obaractsr
of mankind that H wins its tray to onr affec
tions. It not only commends itself to thehighest
order of intelligence, but it appeals with
force and feeling to the sweetest and
tenderest of human sympathies. We
havo an abiding faith in the divinity of
humanity, and none in the "total depravity"
that is preached from some orthodox pulpits.
We cannot associate the goodness of God and
the immortality Of mankind with the idea
of everlasting punishment*. Asiuredlv e very
human soul will sooner or later receive its
full measure of happiness according to its
capacities. And to show how these may
be increased bj the cultivation of our moral
faculties was one of the objects embraced in
the mission of Jesus. This could not be better
accomplished than bj showing us an example
that we could understand aud attempt to imi
tate. It Is this union of the divine with the
human so perfectly presented before ns in the
person of Jesus that has led, and is leading,
the heart of humanity to appreciate and cherish
His character and teachings.
The progress of Christianity in the world
can never again be seriously interrupted.
The periods have passed when paganism oould
assume the ascendancy. Much ignorance and
superstition prevail among peoples yet, wa
admit, but ignoranoe and superstition have
been for centuries gradually giving way under
the regenerating influence of Christianity,
and at no period since the Creation has man
kind attained a higher stage of development
than at the present. Never before were
the principles of progress so prominent or the
signs of the times for the future so foil of
promise. The arts aud sciences, the hand
maids of Christian civilization, are every
where aiding the completion of the work
commenced by Christ, whose nativity
we now commemorate. Steam, elec
tricity snd the press are each and all
contributing toward the consummation of the
grand design of the Creator for the ameliora
tion of humanity. By means of rapid com
munication all the nations of the earth are
being brought closer together, and with it we
have repeated evidence of the interchange of
kindly sympathies, whioh is one of the funda
mental principles of Christianity. With uni
versal liberty we shall have universal intelli
gence, and this will inaugurate the era of uni
versal brotherhood and universal peace?the
feeling of the whole human race that as the
children of one Father they have a common
sympathy and a common destiny. In this
grand and glorious work we must not forget
our mission as Americans. The eyes of the
oppressed in other lands ore turned toward
us, and in our influence and example are cen
tred the hopes of liberty everywhere?civti
and religious. Already the influence
of the United States has been felt and
followed to a greater or lesser extent in other
and older nations. Wo believe that within
the present oentury Christianity has received
an impetus in the United States greater than it
has ever yet received in any other country. The
"manifest destiny" of the United States is to
establish, Arm as the Rock of Ages, on the
whole of the American Continent, the highest
possible development of Christian civilization,
and to be a bright, and sbiniag light
among the nations. Each has its
mission to perform and each can render
to the other sympathy and assistance
in promoting the cause of Christianity, whioh
Is the amelioration of mankind by the cultiva
tion of all the gifts and graces whioh will
enable ns to oi^joy the benefits aud Uessings
of a glorious Immortality.
The New Charter Prapoaed far New York
VHy by the CMBiaiitee of Serettjr.
Tbe draft of a new charter for the city of
New York, published in the Hxraxd to-day,
ie the result of the deliberations of tbe sub
committee of tbe Committee of Seventy; and
while it ie yet incomplete, tbe groundwork la
sufficiently set forth to show the character of
the reforms U proposes. It certainly contains
some very excellent points. Its underlying
principle is to secure to tbe political minority
in the city a substantial representation
in the government. To this end large
and controlling power ie vested in tbe
Board of Aldermen, while the Mayor
has few save expculive functions to perform.
The number of Aldermen is fixed at forty-five,
nine of whom are to be elected in each Senate
district of tbe city. Every eleetor has the
privilege of voting nine Aldermanio ballots,
each containing one name, and be can vote for
the same candidate nine times, or distribute
bis votes in such proportion as be may choose.
This, of course, renders certain tho election of
a good share of tbe candidates of the minority
party in each Senate district. Fol
lowing ont tbe same principle in the
various branches of the government,
all tbe important departments?those of
Public Works, Public Parks, Docks, Public
Charities and Corrections and Finance?are
placed nnder the control of fire Commission
ers, one of whom is to be appointed by tbe
Mayor, while tbe other four are to be elected
by tbe Board of Aldermen. In suoh election
each member of the Board ia entitled to cast
four open ballots, containing each one name,
and an Alderman may cast bis four ballots for
one candidate or may distribute them In
sueh proportion as be may choose. This
?gain enables the minority of the Board
of Aldermen to make oertain of electing at
least one candidate in each of the above
departments, and thus secures the representa
tion of the minority party in the city tbrongh
out the whole municipal government. While
oar experience in New York has aot taught us
to place muob reliance in tbe honesty of those
republican politicians who have managed to
obtain a recognition under democratic city
administrations, it Is, nevertheless, a healthy
prinolple to secare an opposition representation
ia all the oity departments as well as in the
Board of Aldermen.
Tbe power of the Department of Public
Works is greatly increased; among other
things, taking In the duties of the present
Department of Buildings, of tbe Department
of Parka, so far as regards boulevards, streets
and avenues above Central Park, and prob
ably of street cleaning. In the Department
?f Finance the member appointed by tbe
Mayor is to be Comptroller of the City and
County Treasurer, while the four members
appointed by the Board of Aldermen are
to be called Commissioners of the City
Treasury. The oflce of City Chamberlain la to
be abolished. As a mattey^* Mirse all tha
present office-holders are legislated out
of office even Comptroller When will not be
spared, but will have to take his cbanoe of re
appointment by the Mayor, who ie to be elected
next April, or of eleotion to tbe Finance De
partment by the Board of Aldermen to be
chosen at tha same time. The Mayor and
Aldermen are to be elected for a single year's
term, and in the latter is to rest the whole
legislative power. No money whatever can
be raised for an/ department of the municipal
government except through the Board of
Aldermen, and tho moat stringent rules are
drawn to proteot the funds and oredit of the
city even from that body. The powers of
removal of heads of departments are some
what less simple and direct than they should
be, but the Mayor is to be removable by the
Governor for cause in the manner provided by
law in the cases of sheriff's and county clerks.
On one point the Committee of Seventy
make, we believe, a groat blunder. Tbey
adopt the principle, first advocated by the
Hkbald, of requiring publication of all
amounts expended, contracts made, resolu
tions and ordinances passed, Ac., by every
public department at short, stated periods;
but they defeat the whole object of the reform
by establishing another edition of the Tran
script job, under the name of The City Record,
in which these publications are to be made.
This probably may be designed to save the
city the expense of newspaper adver
tising, but it Is a ''penny wise and
pound foolish" policy. No parson cares to
look in any such sheet for city doings, and
not one olttsen out of every ten thousand
would ever eee a oopy of the Record. "Pub
licity" is the only object of requiring these
detailed statements of tbeir operations from
the departments, and this oannot be secured
by printing them in a job concern such as
the Droneeript was, and such as it is proposed
the Record shall be. The people desire to
see what their publio officers are doing.
Tbey know that had the policy of publishing
weekly statements of all bills paid, contraots
made and liabilities incurred, prevailed during
the rule of the Tammany Ring, no snob frauds
as have been perpetrated against the city
would have been practicable. Our citizens will
not begrudge the money expended in laying
before tbem the information they desire, and
no parsimonious idea of saving a few dollars
sbonld prevent this most valuable feature of
publicity from being fully engrafted on any
new charter that may be enacted. Whatever
amount might be used in the publication of
The City Record would bo thrown away, and
the people have bad sufficieut experience in
tho Transcript swindle not to desire to see the
experiment revived. We shall have more to
say of the committee's proposed charter here
after, but the blunder of this proposition is so
self-evident that we do not suppose there will
be any attempt to adhere to it. Of course the
rough draft now pnblished has yet to be re
vised and completed, and there will come
the question of its acceptance by the
Legislature. As it is not as much as
it might be in the interests of the
republican majority at Albany, we do not
think its rejection at all improbable. The
Legislature will, no doubt, have views of Its
own to carry out in connection with our future
municipal government.
Bono or rax Poor Car Horsk nr Stokht
WxATflRR? "A heart bouud down by weight
ofirhoal'"
C'brUiiuA* From mA SpecnU^itu,

One common thought and one theme agi
tated the Christian pulpits of this city, and
probably oi the whola land, yesterday. The
thought was of the wondrous love of God, and
the theme the manifestation of that love in the
birth of Jesus Christ, whose natal anniversary
the Christian world commemorates to-day.
And such has been the progress of Christian
ity In these latter days that not only through
out Christendom, bat in heathendom also, Is
this marvellous event celebrated on this 25th
day of December. The subject and the occa
sion are such as to invite speculation, and
some of the pulpit preachers yeslerday in
dulged a little therein. The Rev. Dr. Foes,
in St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal church, while
introducing his audience to the manger-cradle
of Bethlehem and its Divine occupant, and
dwelling on the object of the Saviour's mission,
gave them also some historic facts and specula
tions regarding the magii, whom be considered
to be Persian astronomers, chosen by God to
receive this announcement, because the Persian
religion was then the least impure, they be
lieving in and worshipping one God, the
Creator of all things. The ancient fire wor
ship the Doctor considered was derived from
Moses' interview with God in the burning bush,
which was well known to the ancient heathen.
The fire was taken as the best expression of
the Deity, and thus the unseen God was wor
shipped. Because of the fulness and freeness
of the salvation provided in the Gospel and by
the life and death of Christ Dr. Foss had good
hopes to see Socrates and other heathen phi
losophers in heaven. And so have we. And
many that are first shall be last, and the last
shall be first there, notwithstanding our theo
logical notions and dogmas.
The second coming of Christ was suggested
to the mind of Dr. Thompson by the recur
rence of this festival, and be called the atten
tion of Christ church (Protestant Episcopal)
to it, and encouraged them not to become dis
heartened nor weary by the length of the
journey nor the roughness of the way with the
thought that by and by tbey shall enter into
rest. Dr. Ogilby saw In the Christmas anni
versary an occasion for humility in the
example of Him whose birth we celebrate, and
nrged the Trinity congregation to bow their
beads and their hearts if they would know the
Saviour and be like him. Bat, according to
Mr. Frothingbam, the coming of Christ or His
life and teachings has not added anything
to the teachings of the old classics and
ante-classlo sages of the world, and hence
there is no more benefit in trying to be like
Him than there is In being like Socrates,
Zoroaster, Confucius or any other man. Such
faith may do for Mr. Frothiegharo, but it evi
dently does not snlt the Christian world, nor
Indeed the heathen, who are rapidly forsaking
Confucius and Buddha and following Jesus of
Nasarstb. And, as Dr. Hall beaniifblly and
eloquently explained, it is only through His
blood that ws oaa be cleansed and mads meet
for heaven. And were we to scale heaven's
high wall, and thna enter, we should have no
fellowship er sympathy among the blood
washed throng who day and night pmhe and
magnify His love.
The eloquent rector of the Gbnrob of the
Holy Trinity tonohed on the supernatural
signs which heralded the Saviour's birth and
death?a carpenter's oiiild and yet the son of
a virgin. Poverty and disgrace were His
heritage on earth, aed, with His life and holy
example before us, Mr. Tyng thought there
was nothing so contemptible to a Christian ts
the vaunted pride and caste of life on Christ
r?
mas Day. If Christ so loved ot we ought
to lore one another. "Will you k men
for hie money," asked the preaoher, "and yet
hope to be eared by the life of a poor man?
Thie was a pertinent question, and struck
right at the root of anti-Christian customs
which prevail all aronnd ne.
Two only of our city sermons reported did
not touch on the great event of the day.
Father Grlffln, in 8t. Stephen's Roman Catho
Ho church, gave some exoellent suggestions
which all would do well to heed, and to
amend their ways In the particulars condemned.
The Rev. Professor Pottgeisser, formerly of
Fordham College, delivered an admirable lec
ture, in the Assembly Rooms, on God as an
absolute and Omnipotent Being, and on the
nature and chnracteristics of faith in Him.
Mr. Beechor, while taking up the general
theme of the day, treated his subject differ
ently from some others. It was not the
coming of Christ that interested him so mncli
as the growth and development of "the
Christ principle" In individuals and nations.
And he thought that' we might very
properly say that Christ came in every genera
tion, and the time will corns when even gov
ernments Will be conducted according to the
spirit of Christ. We hope that day is near,
but appearances do not so Indicate. The Her.
II. M. Gallagher Illustrated the relation whioh
Christ's birth bears to the future life, and by it
enforced holiness of heart and life, which
brings peace and happiness here as well as
hereafter. Dr. Newman, In Washington,
thought that John the Baptist's ideas concerning
Christ were not thoronghly orthodox at first,
and he explained why they were not, and, pre
sumptively, why many others in our day
stumble at the same stumbling stone. And at
the dedication of a new Presbyterian church
in Brooklyn, yesterday, Dr. Dnryea called the
attention or the congregation away from the
temple made with hands to themselves made
temples of the Holy Ghost; and to it and the
other discourses printed in the Herald this
morning we invite the attention of our readers,
to every one of whom also we wish A Merry
Christmas."
fk? Cold Snnv uud the Storm* of This
December.
Down to the day before Christmas we have
bad this time the naughtiest December through
out the United States of many years. The
heaviest snows for December within the
I memory of the oldest prairie hunters and
mountain trappers have fallen this season over
I all the vast expanse of country extending from
the Mississippi River to that lolly rauge oi the
I Sierras Nevada which look down upon the
1 plains of California. With all their appliances
for working through snow drills the Pacific
j Railway trains between Omaha and Sacra
mento have been detained by these obstrnc
Rone from ten to twenty days beyond their
appointed time. In Utah the snof Is reported
W be ten feet deep on the level, and in the
fountain Wvines, or Canyons,17 Trom
twenty to thirty feet. From the Atlantic
eoast to Nevada meantime the intensity of the
oold takes the premium for Deo ember.
The breaking up of this "cold snap," too,
has been as remarkable as the aiuip itself.
The 2$d of this December, as a Christmas
Spying day, will long be remembered from
this city over aa area extending hundreds of
miles in every direction, as ?ne'of the rainiest,
slushiest and most dismal and disagreeable
shopping days eve* known. But out WeBt this
same storm waa .a December hurricane, tear
ing down and dismantling buildings in Chi
cago, and so on from point to point, to 8t.
Louis. Io Kentucky it is described as a
terrific tornado, doing considerable damage,
and to Memphis it waa a gale of great severity,
blowing the Steamer Phil AHen across the
river upon a sand bar, where she was sunk.
But direotly following this terrific oom motion
In the atmosphere we had yesterday the warm
snn and the soft and balmy atr of a bright
May morning. Within the short space ot
three days we had here a touch of December,
such as they have on
The pitiless coast of Labrador.
a taste of the wintry climate of Mr. Seward's
beautiful Alaska,
Where It rains and snows always,
and the visitation of a soft and sunny Decem
ber morning, euoh as they sometimes boast of
In Florida when we ore shivering here in oar
freezing nor'westers. We hope that this visit
of the genial airs from the Gulf Stream will bo
prolonged for many days, although we fear that
they came in too good to last.
Has Not the civil service question given
rise to a good deal of uncivil discussion
TEE HERALD AKD DR. LIVINGSTONE.
[From the Trenton IN. J.) Gazette, Dec. as.)
The New York Dbhat.p ties lost given another evf.
hence of Journalistic enterprise that thrown in the
shade any of its former great achievements. Nome
two years ago It despatched an agent on a news
expedition, which was to conclude and end with a
search for the famous African explorer, Dr.
Llv ingsione. This agent has just been heard from,
the Hbrald of yesterday pnhllshing a live comma
account or the progress which he has made In his
search alter the Doctor, ond the adventures and
privations whleh he has encountered In the wilds of
Africa.
A SOMEWHAT UPBPIGIOPB CASE.
A few nights ago a woman, abont thirty-live
ycara of age, whose nAme was subsequently learned
to have boon Mary Farrell, was found parrtmlty In
sensible In a stable in West street, under circum
stances sirongly indicating that her person had been
outraged by rnflans. There were marks or violence
oa her arms and lower extremities. After being
taken to the Ninth precinct station house Mary was
removed to Bellsvue Hospital, and there died on
Saturday. John Beach, M. D? yesterday made a
post mortem examination on uio body, which
showed that deceased had been of vory Intemperate
habits. The maru of violence wero only super
ftolal, and in the doctor's optnlon death reunited
from arsenic poisoning. No farther information
could he obtained concerning dooeaacd.
ALLEGED DOUBLE MPRDEB.
KittE, Pa., Doc. 34, 1811.
A correspondent of the Erla Despatch says a hor
rible tragedy occwrod at Kane, Pa., ninety-four miles
east of here on the Philadelphia and Erie road, on t he
night or the 20th loot. The wife and ohild of Patrick
Burns wero found dead Thursday morning under a
barn near their home. The physicians who exam
inod their bodies say there Is no donnt that both
were murdered, me wife having been strangled and
the child's aftull broken.
burns has been ootnmltted to jail to ewall the re
sult of tha coroner's Inquest.
THE IP ILUI TRIALS.
COLUMBIA, 8. 0., Dec. 24, 1871.
Ia the Untied State* court yesterday the Jury in
the case of Mitchell and Whttesidea, after neatly
twsnty-fonr hoars' consultation, returned a verdict,
of guilty on the seoond and fourth counts. The de
fence moved for a new trial.
The court then took a rccew till Wednesday
next,
PouncM iOTEiEim iro
New PrrtWeM|R, CntMt trra t Ita4l>
(rep/,b,lcan) tt?
Ot the States, as provtieJ^} 00 *ieotonl vot*
wont bill. In divMlog tie w "eW Apport,on
?nd -anco.ites.ed,-' we ?l1UW "COnU,9te<1"
Hum which have be? Lr?H, M
turn, during the last four y?am anT Ty>
tented" those Which h?? aad 'uncon
nted those which have uniformly voted on one
side, no matter how spirited toe contest ma* nave
been. The arrangement as oetwren "repaid,^,,
?democratic" is bused, of course, on Uie latest <ueo
tlons tu the respective States. The ioilowii,? i? .T_
table:? Tbe lollowi"? la m?
uncontested ktatrr.
iufnm. Democratic.
Illinois 21 Delaware
Io?n* 14 Georgia-???
i0"* it Kentucky la
6 Maryland
1 Tennessee n
Massachusetts ia Texas a
ch,?an Virginia.... is
SftSK:::: f 'I
4 T?M
l'enns.vlvania
Knode island ...4
South Carolina.....?.. T
Vermont 4
Wiacoud.n......1.io
Total. |7e
nniirnvm. wans.
Co I 0 -Alabama
o.iiiullcui, <i Arkuu^iib a
7
?ork. 34 Mlrv-ouil |g
<i'ntui Nevada.... Ill a
vUte;;;;:;;;;.sg ftJflSSK!??- i
5SS^S?m.v:rH 1
Uncontested Tota' 2
Total
v
JVJW Hampshire will probably roveri to tho re
publican column uext spring.
From this table it requires 17? votes to elect. The
republicans have thus ouly to retain tue .states tber
have not lost^iuoe 188i. and carry either California.
Connecticut or Louisiana (to auy nothing of New
You. to insure their triumph, on tho other hand,
the democrats must add ihe entire "coutosted"
vote, republican as well as democratic, to tuelr own
to insure succosa.
nZT*" nmm?,s,"v Kle tlon Next March.
[Front the Exeter ijr. n.^n^ws Letter (republican)
"If our conventions are conducted fairly there la a
chance for victory, hut, on the other hand, It they
are to be managed by men hired and pledged to
particular aspirauts, if public opinion Is to bo
manufacture:! by political emissaries and manipula
tors, ir ludcpcndeut republican voters are to bo
called upon to cast a ticket containing the names
of tnon wuom they despise or of whom they know
nothing, and who misrepresent the preferences and
views of the party, Uieu we shall tall, and ought to
fati, to ourry the election"
The Speakership of the New York Assembly.
Mr. BtraUan, of Orange, 19 being puslte<i for the
Speakership or the New York Assembly.
THE HITTER'S POLST BIBLE W4R.
The Wur Not Yet Over?The Notiflcntioo ef
the Trustee. To Be Disregarded.
Mr. Selberg, tho Principal of Hunter's Point
school, which has caused so much excitement la
iho public mind, was served by the trustees, on
Thursday, wuu a nouiicuUou that hereafter the
puyito sck /ol premises, buildings and property
shall no longer i>e nsod or occupied la gay
j&!?* i?o??s 'W the pur.
pose of reugtoui, exercises, praotioes, in.
straction, ruling pj Jforiptares pr the'
recitations of tettgloaa prayefo ?lr. Joseph Flosel
Hecretofy of the Board of ir us tees, afgnsd the note
fl.-ation In the absence of the principal; a copy yu
also Mat to the teacher in the school. Authority*
over the butluiny tact aimed by me trustees, eat*
although they have not the power to decide on the
reguiationn of the sohool, which Is vested only in
the school Oommtssioacr, yet they hare toe right
to close the school building, whtcu they will do
nnleas the reading of the Bible is discontinued. Mr.
Felset, alter serviqg the notice on Thursday, attended
the school durlug tuo morning exercises, and wan
preeent at the roautug of the Scriptures by the Prta
cipai, notwithstanding ih<? notification mi Friday.
Another trustee attended with him for the purpose
of witnessing the disregard of orders and rules.
The Beard of Commissioners deny the right or the
trustees tt> tnterlero In nnv way either with tha
school discipline or property. They say that the
Bw!h'h?MNri^l!iWk,or the rtat,?B of botb
leLef th? tr"?ee* are limited to
tne financial matters of the district. Tne Cnmmm
oftnedocnment'ana i?c,prI.?clpal t0 tak?
won. 10 font!U"o the reading of the
^n Dse.eSTrtSir<ii?rv?s nmi?'- The doonment has
and in m^I2^I!!?h??rpo^*Mo,, Al,oraflT Steven*
aSli.il PIL*wltt7 action WUI be eoaumMce*
????JUhAni trufltees for luterferlng in the dntlea or
araiMt Mr S5J01'?.pop u,*tlon *r? very bluer
Sfui, wifn ?pp)or?- .They claim that he broke
tLgh ai? a. ttoam; that the settlement tor
L.r.^0,1.tlmillu?e 01 hostilities was made
?a reported in tbe papers This la also cor.
ww?1?!1?? h7 Ag8l?fant msrrlct Attorney Burnett.
m?nf ?o 20 tlut h? understood the arrange
ill m? ocei? matle reported, aud not as
principal in his note to the nress
wm?kU!thiJ !2r u!L*Ve 1,6011 uo open aoflttllUes the past
/If i i .'Pff aniong tue pureuts sad the reel
1 2?"*? lf,|mo2 c,tJ,s more Intense man ever.
1.! 1,0 Bt'',ool during the holiday weeks
i mbdnanT5thV'",J,ly C0I"tPence on tlie re
as. enibiiug of the school alter the 1st of Jannarr.
I In compliance with tho request the Board of Trua
I hMdlnom ?u U9e.of l,?? public achool
nonuing to all religious deuoinlnattoua tor reiiriou*
rhc <'-?ih!li,i(> t,uh<>u' tftU'lreu. It Is auderntoocfiliat
1 'be Catholics propose to organise a class for reU
I gious insirucuon alter school hours.
LCA1IC EREPTIUII*
Karibgwake in J>Ta nnd Oaikraik af Che
Trninli- Volcano.
The Butavia NamtobMmt oi <he ilith of September
publishes the followlug particulars ol a volcanic
outbreak at Ternate:?
Go the aiternoon of the 7tl? of August a violent
earthquuke was leit, of which (tie exact direction
was unknown, me Ternate mountain had from
nine A. M. canned a dull rumbling sound to be
heard, varied at intervals by loud reports, and began
in the course or the day to caat out atreams or lava.
Tho airy looted dark, tuid the whole country round
at tout was darkened by tne down-oomtug smoke
clouds. Luckily, a southerly wind sprung up,
which gave another direction to tho glowing lava
streams flowing landwards, and led the are la
seven currents to the ravines.
This frightful natural phenomenon held on during
tne night urtwcuii the 7Ui and sui. Trie inhabitants,
thinking tlieir island to lie doomed, could not
sleep, and passed tne night outside their houses,
looking up noxiously at lite furious volcano willed
seemed to threaten them all with certain destruc
tion. At-daybreak the outbursts became worse
still; the popuiHtlon began to fly to the inlands of
Tldnre and Halmsiielra. All tne Tidoreae or Ter-
nate fled back 10 their island, accompanied uy thou
sands of other runaways. The Uluucs* were the
first to seek their safety lu flight. The casting out
or Are and stones held on lor ahoat twelve days,
alter which tt became 10.4s. The damage caused 1?
houses and plantations la enormous, but has not
been as yet accwrataly ascertained.
The Java Mu4e of ihc luili 01 September si ales
that this outburst was the most violent known at
Ternate within the memory of man. Tho Whom
Island shook from the underground motion. A mo
ment of rest was tollowed by another explosion,
which shook the nouses 10 their luuodaUous. There
were, luckily, ?il.v some slight earthquake shocks
feit. The dilutee, in fleeing, followed the example
set them by the Kuropeana.
On the Mill ol August the volcano Was again at
rest) at least only a small cloud was seeu coming
out or tne crater.
SUIOiDE ON A_BU81ME88 BASIS.
Sr. bona, no., Dec. aa, tm.
A man nauicd M. u. Piurue, who, tt seems, Woe
Sheriff of fond da Lac county, Wisconsin, was found
doad In his bod room at the Union Hotel here to-day,
with a pistol-shot wound in the left breast and tub
pistol lying on uie floor. A letter to the landlady or
1 lui hotel saya:?"Doaa you plea*e with my reraauu,
but my wish is that yon take ray eflfecta
and by tlidr sate realize enough, to get
me covered up undor snow and frost.
My effects will cancel all expenditures, for all 1
want Is a box and hole. I aiu Sheriff oi Pond du Lao
county, Wiscousin, and want to lie buried neiom
yon communicate with my irlends. My mason lor
doing this is the business of nobody but myself."
Another letter, adi|rev>ed to Ills deputy, Robert
Oosrrovo, dosires the Tatter to settle tola affairs a*
beef he can, and to do all tor his wife and babies
possible. A letter irom ins wire re rem to some mat-,
lers from which tt is luisrreJ that I'lerce was t>
Eiciuiluiy trouble, In cousequonoo of wulch he mar
aveleit home. lie had beon here hi nee tho utn
insL ouir sixty cents wore reuud auioug nln
effects,