Er
THE ERIE EMBRACERY CASE.
MOTION TO SFT ASIDE THE VERDICT IN THE
BEACK FRIDAY GOLD sUIT—AFFIDAVITS OF
THE JURYMEN—THE CHARGE OF BRIBERY
DENIED.
The suit of Isaac 0. Davis and others against
Henry smith, Jay Gould, and others, which {8 famibar
to the readers of THE TRIBUNE ag the case in which
alleged attempts to bribe the jury to disagreement were
made, came up before Judge Freedman, in the superior
Court,yesterday, pursuant toadjournment. Dudley Field,
appearing for the defo ndants, moved to set aside the vers
dict on the grounds, first, that the verdict was produced
by coercion of the Court; second, that there was some
sort of tampering with the jury which prejudiced them
against the defendants; third, that the gtenographer’s
notes df the evidence (marked by the plaintiffs attorney
or counsel) were handed to the jury against the protest
of the detendant’'s counsel fourth, that the jury, or soma
of the, wore coerced by violence in the Jury Tools frou
other jurors.
Mr. Field Jrbacmted a separate affidavit of Henry H.
Martin, stating that he had been iz ormed that persons
called on Wednesday night, just before Thanksgiving,
hat three newspaper offices, giving assed and differ
ent names, and seeking to have an article wrerted which
wnnonnecd that au attempt had been wade to tamper
with the jury in the case. The afidavit of Geo. Li. Blarp,
one of the jury men, was algo read:
He states that on the first ballot the jurv stood mine for the plaintiffs two
for defendants, and ope Mr. Davis, reserved, who ail rward changed for
Coo plant fa, Mr. Guoson, the forewsu. who at frst voted for tne de
fendapts Soall, changed his vole, sud joined the other ten jurors for the
plants, Mr. O Bron faced to vicid, sud sald If yon can prove to
we that the evidence of Fisk ant Gould is worthless, 1 will
view or wonis to that effect; Mr Davis said
to (FV Rren. Damn von believe vou have heen approached an the rest
have.” he sforvard said, “If he bas heev bribed in a matter of
this rind he ceserses to be bung, dua him," or words to that effect; 1
Ins down (1 a little whic, but was 0 liged to get wp and wove about to
Keep warn; shout 10 o'clock ou Tharsay we went tothe Court to get a
cops of the we uuies. Mr O Brien took them, and «1 one or (Wo others
wil por eves them Wi two of three Doura. and Spallr between 1 4nd
oeloeh pn. me Jet, aul we went into Cemrt end pave a verdiet for
the glad 5 Cov ome spoken of wus, to the best of my recollection, 8
confel heli pal or cometh ng of that sort,
It wi oc remembered that a few dave ago Judge Freed
via rant dan order direeting James O'Br ien, the dis
ulin jurer, to give his deposition to the counsel for
He de fCuse, de be used in do the motion to set aside
toe nv dict The following is O'Brien's aftidavit:
Wome oon heeonng avd told Judge MeCunn we could dot
Aire Upon a vePh 3 bao Juny retired agun, and stead out all nigh
1 on met noes be defondants side during the night; the room wus
ver eal 1 renf the mov kept themselves warm br taking
tv we it wos volent langisge used hy members of the Jury;
ehng vas cod abeat “Langmg,” and some of the jury
ens ne of be nz br ed by the defcudante; we
we vo breabfest next  mornig. several of the jary
1 oenr tne wspan rs aod thronzbt them into the jury-roum, and jurors
range he re came 1 about 10 0'Cleck, and stated that
PARE cra Is dtotie Judie, There is pot sufficient evi
ene helops me to br ng ina verdict for the plaintiff; 1 understond the
Ju [7 Lurie is evidener ihe Wo then handed the nauates
bY fut the consulted again in the canrt-room om
othe orate levis eo men, road parts of the evidence: hesnug
pores of te evan d concivied to agree about half pust 1 or 2
Cm We Lye one of the urs, was vere violent tow wr} me during
the ui “wa threat ning gesintes aul us uz profane Laguage: ro
Coe en 1 ne. cone) od with me or olfercd to bi wae of 1D any
war Uta uy vedo aacept the words iu ihe Jur) fovit.
A NLW DEVELOPMENT.
The vest affidavit was a new and interesting ene, since
A develops facts which, if true, establish the iranspar
ency of the alieged attempts to bribe Wi, L. Davis, one
of the jury. by one Baker," ag reported in the worning
jonrusis.  Alexanier Ro King testitled as follows, Lis
“tenet Bea corroborated by Chester O'Neill:
Ioreatini oe oak ng Lewspapers of Dec 10 an wcconnt of the testi:
mony WL Ihads sient fore Justice Met unm, in this case vw
apecting 1 trewpt to bribe Loo, and 1 know that the interview
with hin woe ver a terent parpos owe will proceed to state: Ou
Sond fee pe 26 he ng Amorous of sscertainiug whether Davie
LER bo tw win conte ou With 8 CeTtan §OULR WOMAD, Whose
vo tae bier oar tome (tion, ut the honse No. 29% West Tweittu-st.. oc
cupred by one Prends'!, ren the young wonsy 8 brother George, 8% Ler
Gurren siseove: whether she and Davis vere at that tine iu
Phe tons tue brother seturned aud reported to we that he found his
Ct pard Toes tore together, and tat Davie left as soon as he was dis
on ter eve tog of the same day 1 requested (bester ONLI,
woe sr he sat buase With me, 10 seeonpant me to the residence: of

If ain Second ave for the purnose of ascertainiag whether Duvis hd
Te ured tad cor om wed ts st: 1 athed O'Neill to go with me to

t Un toa aoe wid, bonding oe ouisbde, W go mand see f Davis
waster We eroore weld Tope her 10 binvis's house, and 1 remained
Cour 4 cerier oo toe ork nove bad an taking these sicps
y In Sorel the young womsn, and to find out whelier
Parit wesc uv nen ar rents with her: 1 know rone of the part in
t Ahi 8 Late ue ities bs, directly or Luditedly, in the so-calied
(Mr stciey opresed the motion to set aside the ver
Alct, read o nuber of allidavits to rebut those of
tee detonse Me cated the attention of the Court to the
vogmeef Ta by fury: the words of the statute were
tat the jury shonld pe kept without fire, hghbt, or
vicinal anil they agreed, This statute had never been
taeda der rep cod, and he supposed the Court would
pot now ag nore it, He teen sabmited ms own affidavit,
0
BH Yidch je aeinies that the Coutt Use d uv coercion, and
tho tthe aridov et of GW, Poucher, making such alleka
Vion, Is false Ths connsel for the defense did not object
10 the =teroptapher’s winutes being handed to the jury.
Mr. Hii hits then read the afiidavits of Lsaae O. Day is,
Jann A. Mu Pheyon, ard Jolin Bonner, the plaintiffs, all
of whom der vy that they bad anything to say to the Jury,
directly or dncireetiy, or that they had any knowledge of
HIV Ceri ication paving heen made to them; nor did
Jae) AUTHOL Z0 ANY POISON 10 20 10 BDF NEWE paper office
Jo liFre Sty arucle inscried an regard to the bribery
(Gores Boslorp, one of the jury, makes another afli
duvit, in velo he states that nothing was suid abou
Paibery in tie jury room until after the first ballot, ald
vo throats were it any time seriously made alns
O bin adv hitever hard language was used ty» i
poferes oo Of breen’s refusing to disenss the evidences
end mot to influence his verajet, Mr. O'Brien himsel
after poreeing, said that he had at first been mistaken i
Jy the evidence, and that parts of the evidenc
Verafer Fr Wm RPh Hire KH EF. Phe Mav oT Frederic]
Pluie recites substantially the same facts,
Jaro OBrien aise deposes for the plaintiff in compli
nee wih a other order of Judge Freedman, that nd
oie approwhed him ino any way tw influence
Lis verooci; amd that he was not cousclou
or heii if enc d by anything except the charge of the
Judge and ibe evidence, WL. Davis again depores thal
be was tot sfaerecd hy anyinng sald or done in the
way of bribery. He only made remarks against O'Briv u
becanse of lis refusal to argue the pointe, Mr. O'Bricx
woil thet he gave Lis verdict of bis own free will. The
grid pis of John Beiser and DW, Whitney, jurors, were
Lo re nd They recite that O'Brien Was LOU seriolsl)
PLN TO

The pi wore subinitted to Judge Freedman, whe
penc ty edd Sls Ge CoN
le
IV PPORTANT DECISIONS IN BANKRUPTCY.
NH love
1", on the following certificates of the Register
poeta of the case of A, Bininger Co., Judge Blately
tor! bas wade the deeisions snbioined H
I. the undere reed [te sister in charge of the ahove ent tled proceedings,
dotwreby eeriiv to tis Court, that 1 did, on the 20th day of October
16] receive from the pssiguee in this case a request to call a third meet.
Sup of ervanor, That, ty the maid request does Lot state the reasons why
sock reqnest a oiade apgoied to the said Assignee by letter dated the
‘at day of Octo er, 1071 to call at my office snd confer with me upou
he wabyeet of mucha cat on, That Trece vel iu moply thereto a letter
fom Messrs, barge Seguiek North ottoruevs for the said assiynee,
3 oo hac cer teatng date 1st November 167). That. upon an examiua
ton of the acconnts of said assigree on file in my othice, 1 find, so far as
ean understand the sane tha no funds heve been received sinee the last
d vidend awe ng of the reditors Leld on the 20th duv of March, 137], at
wich meeting sn vdond of 6 per cent wea daly declered and paid--save
tie som of 0 dl wloch apiears to Le he amount of interest which has
ecemed apou the su of #8020 To, which ix pew and was, as I under
wand, on depos the United States Trust Coupany st the time of the
said last div rend meeting wd meet yet ine condition to be divided
swong the erectors. bu dows whe er any further suas were in the
Lonisof the sad ooounee and areertuin if the 21) sums so fu the said
Trust t onpant coud of be divider wong the ermtitors. 1 did. on the bth
dar of Novew or, S071 isaie wo orien to the said Assiguer for inforina
vtonon this «bier, Joreph 10 he sal! order. reccived a letter from
the amd astorne ss for the sad axsiner on the 3t), day of November, 1871,
and on the sae da: aso ree ved from said atioinersa request to cor ify
the point to this Court as to wheter I Lad au,uority to make the sad
onier,
Upon the question of the power of the Regier ta make such an order
Te bt that St on 20 of the Act deralves upon the Register the exer.
cwofadwrt on neler pee to Further Dividend M owt ox He
suould call them if “occasion Fequitox This rakes it bis dus ta 2prers
tz nif the eccas on does rey ire t. What ctier weans of worn at oy
Las be at comupund {Jf Le cannot order this iwiormation to he given, he
Sx powerlons to execute the duty wend upon bun by statate. General
Order No. 5 inakes it bis duis 10 “tae procesdiogs for the declaration
rad paywest of dividends Dividend meetings are most generals called
for ab the request of eredi ors, or iu many cases they would never be
calied. Jo such cases credit ox often aver that the assiguee has funds, &e,
Tle practice ther Is to order the Jos gnee to fle gecounts from which
this fict ean ba nwerta’ned. or otherwise inform the Register upou the
subject. When the fact is ascertained the Reaister exercises a discretion
—ealling or not cal a wiecting, ax the (2018 WAY warrant, It is clear
foam section fhe the necting asked for, pot beiug the fined met ne,
sboukl got be exlivd vxcept ior cause shown. Nee case of Sou B, K, p. 4.
And Viortuer cont fy tat on the 41h Jay of November just Tom
$rved Wii 8 aero Waid wis appended divers printed papers, heing
accounts, au lso orth) ro ing the point that itis my dats, br law, to
grent the order so pled for, and requesting we to certify the point go
raised to the Conrty and] further ceri! that before 1 had «ufBeient time
to prepare said coriiieate was served—'0 wit, on the Sth dav of No.
vember instar i—w vor ler of this Count requiring me to call a meet
1 goof enditurs or erty the point «o ruined as aforesaid 1 have not
been served with a cory of the petition upon whi'l said erde: is founded,
8d ag orant of woat it way allege,
Proton chetivice wosaid onde certify that onder Rule No. of this
Court suuthe uve iu the ease of Natlan A. Son, |B. R.88 10 is the
vooof the Keg ote to ascertan for what puipose the weeling 1s asked,
er whotuer there be any fands for distribation
That witkoat such infor ation ou the aud ject, eanaot be called gpon
to exeicive Le discretion which the act cerolves upon me the duty of
EACTCALY Ub ak ebpication of this character. have therefore
cited iu the Lope of reece og such infurmaiou, so that I might inteili
prot i pase jou the ap pleation,
Inthe eae of Lieto) 3B. Rp. 14 Juige Lowell. in steabing of
the second and Luin: wee ings of creditors which Lad been bell. rs
Ihe meetings io thin cone baviey been called by order of the Cone it
aust be presumed that good cuuse was shows (or the action of the vert
on Le on HL
Aud 1 further ceruf shat from my kuowledge of bis case, 1d from
what bas transpired before I do not understand that it is he uo. rpose
of the ans ybee. of bis counsel, that a further dividend shoul. be be red
ot the Jae ating shed for. But if tie coutTary be slows, or if reasons Lie
LN ale wi charecter whatsoever tor cal’ ng vuch meeting he made 0
full sobmgietially grad Lie order amhed for, All of whic
1: spectfulls submitted, LT WILL ass, feyister.
y
OFINION 0% yup JrioR
Pravewrorn J —1 tuk the Beg dor had the authority to make the
oruer of Nov. 6 L171, sud sonenr ils vows 11 reg rt Wo th cx]
of 8 wird gencial meeting of credo a this cope. Tue Xmrk i
condly ths decaivn to tue Register Leaiak 1. W..la Nov. 3)
141 Nolaes, cog. Nov. Ll,
ANOTHRR CERTIFICATE.
1 the undersigned Register jn eo of this case do herels certify
Corl was ou tie Slat day of October Wrved with a paper requeat
Sis we, awoug olier thiugs, Wo sodit and pass certain seeounis ted with
doe al ai adjourned second meeting Of ereditons of sa. yerars entote
Reid on the vin day of October. 1271, and d'reet the asient of such of
the vgly\sutiey nw ho 85 Were not objecied ta The eld Japer Toriten
1 «the perod of 10 divs had elapped since the scoounts were no Bet aud
at no orediior had oojectid 1080.0 noCONS, 207 to ayy of gyi; oor.
i. TH}
sanding claims, ano Liat ther: bad boed Bled with we consuls several
erdilon w the paywent of sad cluims
Aud 1 further ceri ty that the sad second pr Was 9 aa aforeasid
Reis afier sever) ag ourun ents, aud that but one of the ug said
eo tate stbended this second weeting—1io wit Mr. Mortimer Addons at
4 aceon: by afurveaid were Bled on thet Cay, aod a dividend desluped
Pereesi upon the claims proved; that at the close of the
ehecks were drawn aud eouutersigned for the prrwent of all of sald ares
Boils Lat the Claios aga ist the paul Aa guee by ls attorueys amognted
fo tke Su uf $3.89 05. that hellevivg the said asalguee and bis said
$ilararse perfectly jes omible for auy overparuieut that might be
pede ldetenuiied to counterdlgn c' eek for the LAyment of #aid claims
B* the aid aitors 8 Wun rece vig from thew su affidavit that the ser
Cees: 80 ehiiced for hid Sm fact been reudercd, and that they
prided? Banh proper wives, snd that the Bn chirged
Lerelor was re ovo de oy Lpocper, nut tl respon drafted sock an wii
favii fur 1 4 juju ordd aterie wn refumed to swe Foto th
LL LBL pr 8 will appear from the ecrtind
i
Lo" Teui iad by aia LJ with tie Cera of tf Count


bab ob tie MD Gay of colar #loiviad 1 ne ved a

THE COURTS.

Till BININGLLR CASE.
not!fcation from aif ptlorners. addressed to tha said as«ignee
and wn) self Whereupon, 00 the sane day, 1 wrote s note to tho said
assign e, in rep'y to which received on CH 14th day of Oetober afore:
sad a letier from the suid assignee; also a letter from Me said atiorneys.
Unwillis g to have any unfavorable cousequences follow upon wy oinis
sob to countersign checks for the payment of the said claims of said at
torpevs, 1 determined, as deemed “the +aid naslgnes. as well as bis ab
tor era, perfectly respousible. to wedtensig the said checka in case the
said assiguee—with full Anowledge of the fact that 1 Leheved the law to
be smeh, that the said claims of said atiorneys would be open to be ob
jected 0 by the creditor at the fnal meeting. in case they or any of
them shonld elect 80 te obj ct—desired me W do so. 1 tberenyen, ou the
16th of Qotober aforesaid, wrote him a vote in reply to which 1 re
ceived on the 17th day of October a letter "hat on the same day I re
ceived a paper from several of the creditors protesting ageing Lae suid
bits of the ssid attorseys. And baving y from the sud atlorne a a
Lote in which they say, Under your extWordinary ruling. that even the
Register's own check is no protection 10 an assignee on a fisal acovunt:
ing. we should not permit him to pay us any woney even if you onlered
him to do 80,” no farther steps in that direction have yet bern taken.
And now, touching my duty to sudit ap! pass the saxd socounts'’
prior wo the final meeting of creditors, 1 have been desirous to do so, if it
conll be legally dope. The difficulties that present themselves to my
mivd are as follows:
The fourth section provides that the Register shall audit and pasa
sccounts of the sasignee.” Section 24 provides that Preparatory to
the final dividend the exsignee sbel) submit bis accomnt to the Ceurt and
fle the same, apd give notice to the crolitors of such fling, and
shall slso give notice that he will apply for a settlement of bis
accounts and for a discharge from all liability as assignees, Ab A
tune to be specifed in such netice; and at such time the Court
«ball audit snd pass the accounts of the armigues’ &e. 1 find
uothing in the Act or General Orders to modify or ebange this pro
vison. It seems to be imperative as to time and mruner. The creditors
are relieved from objecting at any other tine or under any other cireum
stances, an! If so relierod they cannot be bodtd to objeet at aay prior
time. or forever after bold their peace.
‘Tue requess to directpayment of such of the sald outstanding claims as
were not objected Ww, would seem to imply a duty on the part of the credi
tors to object at sach wecond meeting or be precluded of all objection
thereafier. But that meeting was cated under the provisdons of section
27. and no notice was given to creditors that the assignee would file bis
acconnts and ppl for un settlement of the same as required by section 28.
Jt exunot possibly be said, therefore, even if the Register have power to
andit and pas ibe accounts at any save a final meeting, that he has power
to andit and pass them at meeting at which no notice to that ef ct wa
given to creditors. The sttewwpt, therefore, to bind the creditors, thus
wi tiont tonoe, ought not to he orged upon th Court.
The assignee ought not to be beard to ohjeet that this Court may vot at
the foal meeting allow him for sums pail ax eounzc) feos. This wonld be
to impnen the touor and integrity of the Court. The presumption at
leas’ is that the Conrt. as weil uw all officers of the law, will do its duty.
I have uvuslly in similar caves attempted to protect the assignee a
we!) as the fund when pasiog claims agaist the estate by taking an aifi
duvit of the justiess of the aim before eonstersicning the clocks This
wouid perliaps throw the burden v1 proof upon sie creditor oljecting athe
final meeting, aud require of hi sowething that would be in the nature ofa
surchargug or falsifiing of the claim. lad the atoms) in this case
Leen nlile 10 swear to the affidavit as required, it In srarcely pr hable that
the cre fins would at the fing] meeting take upon themneives the barden
of sarchargiig or ful<ifying thelr claim: certaizly not unless they thought
the claim grossly ovjust. All which ix respecifully sabmitbd.
I ‘1, WiLLians, Register iu Bankruptey.
DECIRION OF JUDGE BLATCIFORD.
Toxsmuob as the Register has, by section 4 of the Act and General Or
der No 0, the genera) power to audit and pass the accounts of assignees,
aud. by Section 27, it is provided that at the se onl gencral mevting of
ere itors the asdigr ee must report «nd exhibit to the Court and to the
creliors just and true accounts of wil his receipts and payments, veribed
by A oath, aud produce and Ble vouchers for all payments for wlich
vouchers are required br Any rule of the Conrt, 1 think that she Register
hee power, and that it 14 bis wy. $0 anit and Puss ANY SACCADE wo TE
ported and exhibited. Bection 21 requires the assigiec to exhibit at the
came tine 8 schedule of creditors and J Spey aud a statermnrnt of the
whole estate, as then ascertained, aud of property recovered sud propety
outstanding, and debis or claims undetermined, and nonevs remsining in
band, Ee an there the creditors, bys wajonity iu value, are to de
termive what net suru shall be divided, retain: a sun eufiicient to pro
wide for undetermined claims not proved, and fur other expenses and cou
tivgencien
‘Ihe creditors are to have hotice of this meeting and must therefore be
prepared to object, if they desire, to such accounis ag the assignee sb ll
then repert aud exhibit, uncer Reetion 27. In onder to arrive ut the net
su to be divided, the outstanding clans, not disputed or objecied to,
mast be arrived at, and their amount deducted. 1f they are not disputed
or objected to, it is the duty of the Register to direct their payment, as
jac of the business of anditing and passing tae accounts, even though they
ave not been actually paid by the assignee. Tues may properly cone
ander the Lead of “other expences,” the amount of wlich is to be retained
Ly the usyguee, such retention being spec iicaily authorized by the
meeting and e Re sister, to meet the specific items, as such expenses.
Tre provimon in Section 8 for auditing und passing the accounts of the
assicuee at the meeting for the final dividend, cannot be regarded ex br
env manner inplring that sach scconnts of the assignee as ure presented
at the second general meeting of creditors shall not then be audited and
passed ny the Kegister.
The cierk will certify this deelgion to the Register, aah T. Williams
es. SAMUEL Braicurorn, Distiet Judge
1 Nor. 16. 1071.
BROOLLYN FLECTION FRAUDS

JOHN KENNY CONVICTED OF RI'PLATING—=SENT
ENCE DEFEREED,
The trial of John Kenny, a hill poster, for
repeating at the late electiom, took place vesterday in
the Criminal branch of the City Court of Brooklyn, When
the case was called, the prisoner's counscl, PP. Keady,

woved tor a postponement on the ground that he had
not time to prepare for trial and also had been unable to
eubpena two witnesses. The Court denfed the wotion,
und the following jury was fmpuneled:
Joseph F. Alnsworth, Byron 8, Barrett, A. G. Bunker,
Frederick C. Clark, Simon V. R. Algea, Charles Knight,
Edward McOlellan, Joseph Boliner, Ralph Mattracs,
Edward G. bufly, Olin G. Walbndge, Charles J. Bartram.
The case for the prosecution was opened by Coll A.C.
Davis, who stated that the Frise r was indicted for
voting twice at the Vth District, Fourth Ward, but the
Jresecutivn wus also prepared to show that he was tho
ender of a gang of repeaters; that he induced a lad who
wax casting his vote for the first time to join the gang,
and that he attempted to induce the boy to commit per
ury.
Eabriam J. Whitloek, President of the Road of Edocation, and one of
the Frere tors of Election at the Vib District of the Foorth Ward testi
fed: gow the acensed at that district thet day with others; Kog-ne
White th. nk. was one of these; saw bin going in and out two or three
toes: 1 Go not recolicet tony saw him vote: wok the tickets from
the vot rs A308 during au hour when I weut to dinner; I never knew
Keo y before; 1 recoliect how Le was dressed hie had on a velvet cont.
H hire D. Pech, soother luspector of Election at the same district, tes
tfied: TY have had business transactions with Kenoy: he voted at thit
district thet day; 1 saw him vote and saw bis vote deposited Lie gave bis
rosidence an No. 39 Nusierais tie un who vied hiore him was a man
pared Meuraw or TW, W e smne residence,
George Ww Van Mater Yeetifed that he wes one of the pollclerks at the
Nth District of the Fonrth Ward, and that Kenny voted there and
wrote his name down on the list he gave the nawe as James Kenny.

Joseph Reeve testified that Keuny voted st She Ist District of the
¥onrth Ward, and gave his residence as No. 25 Nawan-st,
Eugene D. White tessited: 1 was partis im the employ of Kenny
Murphy at the isst election I will be 22 years of age next woul,
pa ye tobe IY Distr.ct aud to the Vib District also; Kenny voted
ulso at the Vth District, I believe; he asked we to vote from his hoase,
No. 25 Nassau-st.; I spoke to him about the trouble, and be maid le
would get we out of it if there should be any; Le gave me the Licets to
vole,
1
Q How did you coue to testify before the mar strate that you voted
ontt once on thet dav i A. Keauy subpensed pie on bis examiuation,
and toll roe 1 must doit to save mrsell; when 1 came there he posted
me «to what I should testify: be said I looked nervous. and took me
over and we had drink; ou Satucday efter the election, Kenny took me
over to Newark, but I did not go anvay then: on the next Sunday. lie gave
me pote to a pesou in Wikesharre. aud $7 iu moves; went there, and
we iather came afer me aud hrouglt me back to Brooklvy; Keuny suw
veater lay, and asked me if 1 was subpenaed on hia case, and I told
Lim ves: he sad. “Them if you come uj, you mast testify the same na
vou did at Walsh's Court; I will teatify on your case, aud it will bo all
richit;" be showed me n check for $150 Lefore election day; when he
wanted me to vote on e'eciion day be said that he woald protect me,
Mr. Keady, iu addressiug jhe jury, sald that Kenny had
gone to the Post-Oftice building after election to collect
bill for work done for one of the defeated candidates,
and bad there been set upon by a number of men, wLo
made the cliarge of repeating against him. Kenny had
been arrested and taken before Justice Walsh, sod the
man who owed the bill had made a complaint against
Kenny that he lead a gang of Salers on election day,
This charge they had been usable to sustain, and it had
heen a and the new charge of voting twice sub
stituted.
Francis T. McNally testified: I reside at No. 226 Adams-et.; 1 %vow
John Kenny; bave known him about two years: I was at the polls of the
Vib Election District of the Pourth Ward during the List po oe al) day,
except while I was at dinner: as I was returning to the polls after dime
er I met Kenny coming from there; unless during that time I do not
think Kenny voted at that district; 1 did vot see him do so; if he had
deve dab have seen him; Eugene White's reputation for truth
is b
Jeremiah Chadwick, Thomas Murphy, and Thomas Hanson testifed
that they were at the polling place of the Vth istrict, Fourth Ward,
and that Kenny did not vote there. Wm. 8 Leech, clerk in the City
Control'er's office. testified thit be was one of the Inspeetors of Election
a the Vth District. Fourth Ward, and that be did not see Kenny vote
ere.
‘I'he prisoner testified that he voted only once, at the
Ist District of the Fourth Ward, in which he lived.
The case was briefly summed up, and Judge McCue
charged the jury, who, after an absence of ten minutes,
rendered a verdiet of guilty, The Judge deferred sen
tence to allow the prisoner's counsel an opportunity of
producing to the Court proofs of the previous good char
acter of the ncouned.


THE MINOR TRIAL.
(OL. WHITLEY'S HISTORY—A COUNTERFEITER'S
CONFESSION.
At the resumption, yesterday, of the trial of
Joshua D. Minor, the alleged counterfeiter, Col. Wintley,
A aa ww ma mdb eam. duel eal a


CONFESSION.
At the resumption, yesterday, of the trial of
Joshua D. Minor, the alleged counterfeiter, Col. Wintley,
on cross-examination, testified
1 told Cole that I would see the District-Attorvev, and that T did
not think there would be anv difficulty ju letting hin (Cole) go, of he sue
ceeded ip capturiug the man who had the Phony I told bin tliat he
should go free if he would do that; I also told him that, in order to be
freed, he must catch Minor with the Paces on him; whea Mivor was
hronght to my office Tdid not tell bim that I would let him escape if he would
give me $10,000; I never offered to let af criminal wpon paying me
anything whatsoever: Cole met Minor on the corver of the street; street
corners are the places where counterfeiters usually make thmr deals, After
the capiure of the #20 plate, I don't remember that 1 told the Cashier of
the Shoe apd Leatheg Bank that Beatty hal been 3 prest tronble and ex
Joon in capturing it. and that be should be rewarded; I wort ewear that
did vot tell him so; the Cashier afterward gave I a reward, but
Beatty never gave me anv portion of it; he uever ofiere] to do so, snd I
would wot have tsken it if he bad; I got Lim parioned
80 that I could use bim 8s a witness against Minor
in this case. of my own personal knowledge 1 do not
know thst the $20 plate was found iu the trunk for which Minor had
£0 we a cheek; 2 I went in the revenue service was a jaws
broker in Boston; 1 quit the business because it did not par; my license
was revoked; ean't say that it was revoked because I bad defranded a
nau out of a wateh: there was a story to that effect, but I had nothing to
do with tht watel the Inspector of Pawnhrokers calied upon me alout
that watch. 1 can't wav exactly that, while was 10 we was
charged with swindling a man out of his property; was
~arresied on such a charge; gave bail, aud the cars was thrown out of
Corton the ground that there was no evidence against me; when I lived
BE Bustou bad vo other occupation than that of pawubroker; 1 did
susicas there about one year; during that time I bought and sold great
many pew watches; also bonght aud sold A, Jewelry, &e.;
woe rever 8 bartender iu Boston: when was a boy was in a
restanvant for» few mouths; I was in Cainpbell's res
twrant in Kast Cambridee I was not discharged  becuuss
i touk mowey that did not beloug to me. when was in Kansas
helpe i the Unite! States Marshal capture some slaves under the fugitive
slave an at that tine was preparing 10 go to Pike's Penk; 1 1Leljed
out ure slaves; 1 was uot, w y kuowlodge charged with cruelty to
the skoves T had captured; this was in January, 165° I afterward went
to Pike's Peak; business was dull and 1 weut to New Orleans: after that
I busted on (be river. and bought and sold produce; when Gen. Botler
way in New-Orleans T was in his service us a detective: wus afterward
comivismonad as 8 Major in the army; I was iu the service three mouths:
I next went into the employ of meu who were loukiug up frauds fn New.
pi cans; whew the war closed went to trading for a while; thew I came
ori.
Ke direct examivation—Afuer the expiintion of wy i
1 gota provisions] comwission as Licuienant Colobel from go 85 Major,
John Ballard tesiied—1 am 12 years old, and a printer by trade; up
to lust March buve been engaged, of aud ou, in mamufaetarine cou ter.
feit suovey the place where huve carried ou 10Y operations priue.pally
ww No. 26 Ringtone, where bad full coklroy sbbens 1 pristi
gs si the plates whieh are bere 1 recoguize as the same oney ing
n priut og the counterfc money; there 1» 8 process of driting up the
letters thal give the mame of the bank, so that they way be filed Re
anc pew names eograved and printed from ss counterfeits on the
ober hauka; the $20 plate which is bere has been fled down
in thy wa wt least (wenty-eght times, the Farmers’ and Me.
chanics’ Bare of Pouchheepsie being the Inst counterfeit; hay
Leeuw eupages (or aver buree years st No, 256 Rivington-st at this jie of
priat. wererally tuning out about $10,000 x mouth; Henry Hinman
was the wan who, in connection with Mr. ¥ivor, farnished capital ard
material for the ewiriing on of Suis busioess; have known Minor for
over four yeurs; Mr Hinman came to me ove afternoon aud told me te
Cotue up to the coruer of Finp nab and Tenth-uve, and bring wi'h
me all the counterfeit woney I had at that time io wy possession, wl «hb
bie $10,000 in #10 notes on the First National Tank of Bed Hook,
ie Yi I went up ux Le directed, and there met Mr. Hinman and Mr. Ai
pi Wave tie money, warped up to Mr. Himnan, ard he banded
i Mr. Misor who imme lintels walked up to the corner of Noth ave,
pps where 1 1) Guries. who wis stan ing on the corner willy
Vral Vien d hace met Mr Minor with my brother Phowas, ins gar
ens 5 Corner of Fiity elt st. nnd Kightioave 1 wanted to un
ee ey bi ul od my brother Thomas so, sud be sod be woud
Gol Nr Minui) mid ger swe for due, wich ko ail,
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1871
that they report their viows theroon to this Board at as
manner following, that is to aay: The number of the
license of the owner reat anal bo tixed, in pisip, legl:
have prisie eonnterfelt $10 bills en the  Fioar
City National Bask of Rochester, Nations! Bask of New-York,
Ninth National Bank of Troy, First National Bask of Auburn
City Nutional of Aubura, First National of Red Hook. sad Union Ne
tional of New-York: also, counterfeit 20 bills on the Nationa!
of Utioa, Trade<nen’s Nations of New Yori, snl the National Bank of
Commerce; of the $2 bits printed counterfeits on the Marine National
of New-York, Nisholad of New York, and the Market Natiovsl of
New York; ive others that I have furgotten bave printed bills Spek.
Cross-cxamined—Was arrested once on Paffalo for manufacturing silver
Mesican shill gs. trlel, convirtad, and sentenced to five years and fonr
months! imprisonment in Ani, 1 Stata Prison; four years apd two
months of this time servid, when I waa J srdooed by tl:e Goversor; the
peution for pardon was mule hy Col. Whitley; aller 1 had been out of
prison about two yenrs 1 began counterfeiting aging the first
Gd atit afer I was released, was to ocounterfat 50 cent cur
rency notes in Lewin-st., I forget the gumber; ‘from there 1 went to
manufactariog $10 bills in Pity foarih st; afternanl T was in the cabi
pet-making business for shout a year, when L moved nn to Onehundred
aud-fourth-st., and began making $2 bills: from thers 1 moved to No.
6 Rinnftoset, where weut isto the businees wholesale; thea went
out to Wisconsin and hired a farm, and from there went to jail
{Ianghter|: I was implicated in counterfeiting oat there, but was nob
Kuilty I am still ander arrest, however, waiting for my trial; Col.
‘hitley brought me here ou 8 writ of habeas corpne. to take part [VR
witness in this cee; am pakl potaing. ner do 1 expect anstung, for
coming. (A bill which he sod he 14d printed on the press at No. 254
 Rivington-st., and wuich was shorter then the $20 plate on which he
anid it was printed, was shown to the jure. The witha  iataad this
difference to theta by siying that all of the paper on which the bills are
printed has to he wet first, and after ft dyies it shrinks
A dior riend 1ilL 11 ibe 1i0e MO-dRY.
—e
early a day as may be Jrestispblo.
Supreme (Court Chambers Bv Judes Cardozo.
Mitchell agh Huttivger.—Motion granted. Roch »gt Jurvis,—=
Motion sranted. Wilson agi. Weeks eof al —Motion granted,
ln the matter of he petition of II, Aronson to veeats As
sossinen Motion grinted. Wilson sagt, Kerr.—Judgment fot
plaintiff. Hoffivan 88%: Stigeler -~Judgmens granted. Allon ef al. Act
Jarl e —Motiop grated. oigt sgt. The Great Western Tow, Co.
‘Amendment prented on parmens of costa. Levy agt. Nteaus.—Motion
denied. Canfield ab Bivwoal.—Judginent should Le dissolved. Downes
art. Dickineon.—Memor. ula for counsel. Merwin agt. Mersin. —Mem
oranda fer counsel
Superior Court—Svecial Term—By Judge Freedman.
cot Ah ait Cagney.—~Motion granted. as far as to raquire plaintiff to
furnish lint of items. Galdweil sgt. The Jlotcbkiss Brick Machine Co.
Mot on denied, with $0 costs to abide event. Rous: agt The Williams
bargh City Fire los o—=Motion depied. Braer agt. Braer.—Defend
ant 8 motion for further alimony and counsel fee denied; report of referee
confirmed and judgwent of divorce grinted. Brown et al, sagt. Diehr
Order granted.” Tremper ot al. wet. Dic br.—Orler granted. Kerr et al
sat. Davie —Reference granted.  Tavior ot ol. buqueer.—Nee opin
jon, Loelm ag. Balirer —Motion denied, with $10 ests. Gilhooly
agt. Bolte. —Order grant.
By Chiel-Jastice Barbour. Bristol et al. Frank. —Settled es amended
by we.
Common Pleas—Special Term. —By Judge Larre
more. ~C randall agt. Hankink.—Motion granted costs, to abide event.
same set. Kame. —Motion to amend complaint granted on payment of
cosig, with leave to defendant to apswer or dewar it so advised. Nanw
agt. Same. —Order seitied,  Lichusn sgl. Steinmetz —Motion granted
(wee memorandum). Waller age. Thom (Yee Spin on). Yochagt. Koel
—Divoree gravted. plainuff to have custoly of chilirou mi &.0 per mouth
as alimony, Tu the matter of the Ag of Patrick Counor.--Metion
ranted, Butterworth Crawford. Judgment in remittitur granted.
Hopkins act. Willard. Motion granted. Faquitable Life Assursace So
oety of the United States axt. Hall, —Ke ference orderad
By Ju've Loew. —RBleason ag Glass Motion for a new trial om the
new lt-discovered evidence granted (see memorandum).
tl
Sopkens Conner —CuaNBrrs, —CaRnozo, J. ~Opens at 7) a m.
Calendar called at 12m.
a0 inion Die Revues lustita-| 64.. (Cul) Colicnet al. agt. The
oe Calendar called at 12m.
50..1'nion Die Baviu i» lustita- 64.. (Cul) Colienet al. agt. The
tion agt. Osley et al. Mayor, ke.
SPrOiAL CREM. —UarNARD. J —Opens at 11am.
a. King age. Krapp, 2, Adame gt. Lowenstein,
144 Fous apt, Davin 2.8.. The Mayor of New-York, &ka.,
204. .Jackeon agt. Neoney, agt Devlin et al,
CieuIT—PART =VAN BrosT, [.—Opens ai 104 a. m.
201. NW halan sagt, Loaneh. &7..8. Y. Gowanty and lodem
219... Great Westera Ins Coo agt. nity Co. agt. Flyna et al.
Tue Maniatian fos. Co 393, .Rodinan ags Jones.
217. Brown sagt Jervis elal 651. Fitzpatrick ag. O'Brien,
200. Hi gins agt. Vyettet al. Sherift, &e.
581. Mahou agt. Wilson, 601. Johnson agt. Van Alstyne,
2204. Gerding ags. Kobhe 6.9. Byrns uet, Rusch.
521. Rene flict otf al. sgt Tailor 7/1..Hubbard agh. O'Brien, Sher
6.15. Kittridge ¢t al agt. National iff, &e.
Park Bank 713. .Binherson agt. Wheeler,
657... Meyer cia), agt. Dix otal, Muller aet. Stebbins,
9. .Clumsruan agh. Li, Jeland BR Purdy akt. Tle Mayor, Le.
Co. 237. Farrar Coal Co. sgt. O'Urien,
i Sgr, we
Parr IL —PRaany, J.—0pers at 117s. m.
1474 orp sgt. Anicable Life los. 456..Ingersol) agt. Secor at a).
Co.of N.Y. ar, Montegriffe sagt, Peldst in,
642... Maar vt, O'Brien, fbepff, Kc. 240. Blissell agt. Miller
£46, Hoffinan sags. Wagner. ELE Int. Ios. Co. agi. Xo. Aw. and
Yl. Pmbeigou agt. Deny, Nav. Manne Railway Co.
ara. Kufcer 8 ob agt. Kirby eval. 24. Bliss et al. agt. Levy, iwpll
410, .Aume wet, ShATE AL CGE). Atlantic MB KD Co. egl
0. .Goddefroy sgt. McDonald. Cen. Am, Traomt Co,
420. Bond et al. sagt. Murphy. 2:0. .8hus agt. Geriana Fire
2. Pow ll et al. agt. Champlain lus. Co.
4520 Groetringer agt, Rocentha'. 305... Aleunler ot 0) sgt Lewis
482. Peck el al. agt. Guidiner el all S332. Schwartz ugl. dnl'en,
SepPEklok CoURT—THiAL TRiuv—PART I.—MoNELL, —Opeus at 1]
am
535. Klein agt. Baleohop. us, Julian agt. O'Urien,
1545 Duncan et al.agt Berlin «tal 227. Koss agt. Collins,
7.. Holmes et al. agt. Kolberis, i210 Mitebel sgt. Gordon of al.
Kleist] agt. Mason ed al. {315..0chs ag. O'Brien. 2b'Y, ke
.Reiveke agt. Viecke. [11:47. .Doscher agt. Shew,
.Shorte!l agt. Lowenthal, OL Esed agt. Wellman,
“Reymonr et ul. gt, O Brien. 747. Arubein agl. Hollva,
1..Deming Paleston
Parr I —Segycrr, J.—Opens at 11 a. m.—Case on
Condon PLras—TriaL Tonw Pane L.-J. DALY, J.— pens ab
1a.m.
345.. Wise agt. The Beventh-ave.| #0. Dngnid ag. Gardner
RR. Co. (1036. Crane ax! Buiges.
1027. Aulbach sagt. Grand and Forty) 1084, Shaw agt. Thee
seeond-b RR. Co 241... Fribourg age. Oh)
727. .Schwidter agt. Grecuveld, 435, Pranchand apt. Colt,
ot Honigsherger azt. >econd-ave. #47. N.Y Lith. ani Enz. Co sagt.
K.R Co. Am. Tontire Lite Ins, Cay
M7... Same at. Sue {1 WH. Fibzsimmous sgt. Molen
1801, Cecearmi ep. Ward I on. Bollock agt. O' Bren, Sheriff,
76. .0Owen axt. Law cuce, it Sh. Battershel agt. So omen
1028. Moore a,.t. Laud, "1nd. .Cohen ag’. N.Y. Sewing:
63... McCauley act Gang H Machine Co
192. Pike agl. Gerslym, (1061) Kebott agt. Wright
514..Horn agt. Cannow, 1000§. Name agh Sauer.
08, Joel rn a Fisk, jr. 109), Allen apt. Hawkina,
4675 Mellbinck ags. Godfres. 1043, Middleton agt. Andrews.
1130. .Keberts agt. Ma‘hova Sow. Mebermott agt, nyde.
772. .Eckerson agt. Wastington, 111..Batjee agt. O'Brien.
%51.. Parken agl. Washingion lee 405. Blitt agt. Bisby.
C Cod, Pagsley ag. Morgan,
0.
TE.. Wed agt. Met'n Ios. Co!
Maing CourT—TriAL Tei. Pant L—ALKEk, J.—Opeas ab
iv
ea, Kodgors.
7460; Kroeger agt. DrKahn. jot: APR Tame.
£329, FPrederich agt. Seln'ta, i. Randall agt. Loudlow
7440, Hall sgt. McCulloagh. 744. Bravdon sgt. Hartley,
To06,  Eising sagt. Levy, S44. Oallizer agt. Leainey,
2144. Burn agt. Carriner, Tot, Wallroth sgt. Lerzaran,
8157... Bancroft «gt, Kidd 747. Curran sgt. Kel'oge.
6728... Van Schanck sgt. Underwood, 1112... Davidson agi. Glover.
C31. Helkeyer ae’, Bornes
Paws H —amxa, J —~Opensat 10a. m,
7130. .8mith ag! Ges Sod Miller sgt, Strauss
7406. MoGovern agh. Rollvagon. 754i. Barry agt. Coughlin,
7529... Lawler wgt. Shylock. 750, Beutheim agt, Klsas,
7166. Muyer agt. Rau. 17 51..De Koster agh Sherlock.
7215. Hubert agt Meguire. 7572. Atha egt. Darling.
7964. Larier agt. Raob, 17503, Wolf agt. Sherob.
731. Linnemann sgt. Baleock. Kaufmann agt. Leavester.
Part IL Joa misemy, J —Opens at 10a. m.
6035. Ho!latein agt. Trimble, |#.433, Same agt. Same,
00s. Freese agt. Alyea. (HJbd. Name agt, Same.
749. Whyta! agt Khaw, 7823. .Briegs agt. Fleischmann,
#053. Donovan ugt. Fanderson. 7913. Fisher agt. Bogart.
8056. Graham agi. Ulver, 7914, Sawe agi. Same,
8428. Montagne agt. Wise. 8136, McGueker agt. Snyder,
823... Healy agt. Fielder. 8337.. Vandenberg agt. Harrison.
Over AND TERMINKR INGRAHAM, J.
William Marae, rape. Qumba Appo, felonious assan't and battery;
Michael Korlan, felonions »ssanlt and battery: Cunrles Clr hurslary
Julius Tabre, false pretepses, Charles BK. Strotter, grand larceny, Fran
Anderson, carrring concealed weapons.
4
GRARKAL NEssioNs— Before Recorder HAckrrr,
Thomas Berican, barglary; Michael Russe, felonious aeexi't and bat
tery; Joseph Flemwe, felonious assault snd batter: Antonio Fulvello,
felovious assan!t and battery; Jobo Anderson. elo wus sweault and bate
tery; Koun Obuwan, em ement Koun Olimen. vracd larceny, George
Kiog.y grand larceny: Charles Burus, larceny from the person; Maury
Guus, larceny from the person.
City Court Brooguyy,
106. .Rtehbine age. Cunningham 300. Bortic sagt, Whittlesey.
216. .Ktapleton agt. W'msb'gh Fire 9. Johinsci »gt Byrne,
Ins. Co. 14... Aduros azt. Allen.
26. .8chneider agt. Christians. 9. Riley agi. Van Fleet,
321..Conklin agt. Finley. Bi... Brown sgt. Mors.
322..Conklin sgt. Inlliston,
56. Nelson sgt. Woods,
141.. Lynch agtl. Jevuer.
235. Phelps sgt. Rehoenenberger
330, Newton agt. Wilson

15). .Bamier agt. De Fiece,
2177. .Mulrenen agt. She ren. 241. .Glucken az. Brady.

213. Parrell agt. Rice. 24). .Grove agt. Thayer.

274. .Pfaller agt. Kienor, 244. Carter apt. Yerby.
254. Miller agt. Brklyn Perry Co. 284. .Fiscuer ag. Brelen,
309. .Beibert agt. Grand-st. R. BR, 86. .Swinviger ogi. Evans.
109. Kvaos ags. (tv of Brooklya,
112. Weitner agt. Goldschmids
136. .Carmau agt. Beach,
12. Elliott agt. Tuck
Ar2, Lockwood sgt Kidall,
208, Marrin agt. Doertouer,
Co. ..Nash agt. Johnson
212..Ulr ck agt. Eisner, 234.  Fitmimmoys w Rink.
73..Ovderdovk agt. Garin, 249.. Brennan sgt. O Leary.
257.. Bullheiler agt. Bulow. 206. Briggs agt. Alexander,
200. Woltart sgt. Bulow, IN, Hart agt. Chapman.
117... Darling agt. Canavello, 434..Brooks agt. Webstor,
327. .Matheig agt. Harrison.
Court of Azhonls AL UASY, Dec. 18. <The follow
in is the calendar Jor Dec. 19—Now 467, 472, 460. 470, 479, 579, duo, $30,
FESTIVAL AT THE ACADEMY OF MUSIC.
There will be no opera on Wednesday or
Friday evening, or on Saturday afternoon, the Academy
being engaged for an entertainment in aid of the Home
for the Friendless and the Howard Mission. This exhi
bition, styled the Allegory of the Great Republic, con
sists of a series of tableaux, songs, declamations, and
dialogues, given by about 600 young ladies and gentle
men, sud representing scenes in the history of America
from the aboriginal period to the present time. It has
been produced many times and in various places during
the past ten years by Prof. J. M, Hager, who has charge
of It on the present occasion.
er
THE CITY FUNDS TO UE TRANEIERRED.
The Park Bank has been designated as the
city depository, instead of the Union Trust Company.
It is understood that the transfer of the eity’s business
from the Broadway National Bank and the Trust Com
pany to the uew depository will be effected so gradu
ally that it will cause no disturbance in tlnanclal circles,
‘Ady T more g
7. Iu ull cases where the hiring of cle
under two years of age no charge is to be made.
STATED SESSION,
OFFICIAL.) MONDAY, Dee. 15, 1471 2 o'ulock p.m,
The Board met in thelr Chamber, No. 15 Cuy Hall,
pursuant to adjournment.
10. Whenever any vehicle not en
Present—Thomas Coman, esq., President, in the chalr,
and the following members:
yfive cents per ho
Hereby astablini i ur in addition to the rates
Aldermen Charlock, ¢nddy, Dimond, Hart, Irving,
Jerome, McKiever, Mitchel, O'Nelil, Piunkitt, Relliy,
Behliehting, Welch, and Woltman —15.
The reading of the minutes of the last mecting was
dispensed with.
PETITIONS.
By the President
Protest of the Nineteenth Ward Council of Political
Reforn: against the passage of the resolutions providing
for the safe use of the Huwrlew Kallroad on Fourth
ave., ahove Forty -second-gt.
Sdey 01 Qaiune and receive the sum of ten conta
vob ‘use of disagreoent as to distance "Ww
sxe shal} bo determined by the Mayor of Rie the
which was referred to the Bpeclal Committees on the
Harlen Railway.
hd owner of any vehicle sha
demand or receive Mord for Boatih Se bo ait os
RESOLUTIONS.
oi Alderman Jerome—
hereas, There ix an impemtve demand for increased
passenger unless the number of the vehicle and the rates
and prices of fare shall be fixed and placed in the man
ner hereinafter directed by section 27 of this chapter, at
the time such passenger may be conveyed in such vehicle
facilities in the local transit of our citiscns ss well as in
the franspurtatiop of merchandise aud wares throhgh
the Atreofs of this city snd ss the several and in
Pendent acts of our Btats Legislature in relation thareto
are caleulntod to divide public opinion Ww au extent that
involves the fadute of owecl aud all of the several
projects: theretore, he tt
Now ork shall ask, demand, or racelve any larger 5.0
Kesoleed, That the Chief Engineers of the Departments
ot Docks und Croton Aqueduct, wind the Eager of the
Hedth Department, be and are her hy 1equested to con
rlder Lae sibpects of local transit [or our citizens and
Liausportation of werchundiso rough our streets and
NE CISIONS Deo 18.
COUVIT CALENDARS <TH Day
CITY GOVERNMENT.
Board of Aldermen.
REPORTS.
The Special Committer on Regulating Hacks, cte., pro
+d tho following ordinance
seule k CHAPTER XL.
PASRENGER VEHICLYS,
ARTICLE [.—OF LICENSING OWNERS OF VEHICI RA,
11.—0O¥ LICENSING DRIVERS O# VEHICLES.
IT1.—OF THE RATES AND PRICES OF FARPA.
IV.—OF THE REGULATING AND NUMBERING OF
VEHICLES,
V.—O¥ THE PLACES AT whic VERICLES MAY
STAND POR TIRE,
VI. OF BPECIAL VEHICLEA,
VII.—OF THE SUPERINTENDENCE OF VERICLES,
ARTICLE L
Which oi referred the Committee on Salaries and
Offices
OF LICENSING QWNEKR OF PABSENGER VEHICLES.
1. Tho Mayor of the city of New-York shall, from
thine to time, issue, or canae to be issned, Hoensea, uuder
hia hand and seal, to 80 many and such persons as
he shall think proper to keep huckhey-cosuhon, cabs,
COUPES, CATT HALES, Cabs, or any other kind of vehicle used
for hire ip the said city, to persons desirhig to he fewer,
gers, and to revoke or Maye all "uy ot 16 sald
conses for misconduct of the person 80 Lecused.
$2 No person who 18 not a citizen of the United States,
a resident of this eity for the iast six months, of the aco
of twenty-one years and upward, and the owner of requl
site horses poli proper vehicle, shall be licensed a3
aforeanid.
9. The Mayor of sald oltv, or his Marshal may ad
RL to any person appiving for a license fu owth or
affirmation and shall examine such Jessoh pos touch
ug bis said application and quulifications to receive satd
license,
4. All such licenses shall expire on the first Monday
of June next after thw date thereof,
5. Every owner or driver licensed, ns aforesaid, shall
report his ivsidencent the Mayor's offico at the time of
recolving such license, and upon shanging his residence
shall report such chango; and on failure or neglect to
comply witli this section, shall forfeit and pay the sum
of five doliara as n penalty, which is hereby enneted.
6. If the owner of nuy vehicle who may have re
ceived a liceuse shall sell or dispuss of such vehicle be
fore the expiration of such legnse, such liconsed owner
ghall, within ten days after such sale, report the samo
to the Marshal, who shall be @uthorized, with the con
gent of the Mayor, to transfer such liceuse to tho por
chaser of such venicle, on the payment of one dollar
and every owner who shall neglect to report any such
wile, shall forfeit and pay tho sum of tive dollars as a
Pepalty horeby enacted,
7. Every license shall state the number of the vehicle
for which the same Is granted.
8. Every person who may be licensed ns aforesaid
shall pay the Nidon for the use of the city, for each two
horse vehicle which such person shall keep for hire the
sum of five dollars, and for each onc-horae vehicle which
said person shail keep for bire the su of two and a half
dollars.
9. Every person who shall keep or drive any vehicle
for hire, in the City of New-York, without heing fics h
censed as antoresaid, shall be hable to a penalty of twoenty
tive dollars for every daily offense,
ARTICLE TI,
OF LICENSING DRIVERS OF PASSENGER VEHICLES,
10. The Mayor of the City of New-York shall have
full power and authority frou time to time to issue, or
cause to bo issued, licenses, under his hand and seal, to
so many and such persons as ho may think Jrupes 13
drive heensed vehicles, and at pleasure to revoke or sis
pend all or any of the said licenses for persoual miscon
duct of suid drivers,
£11. All licenses to drivers shall expire on the first
Monday in June next alter the date thereof,
$12. Every such driver shall, on receiving his license,
pay to the Mayor of the City of New-York, for the nse
0. the said eity, the wim of one dollar. No person shall
drive as aforessid without being at the time Leensed as
wioreghid, under tbo penalty ol five dollars for each
offense,
“13. No owner of any licensed vehicle shall enffer or
ermit any person to drive such vehicle who 18 not
Bnd as aforesaid; nor shall the owner perwit any
driver who has received any License as aforesadd to drive
any vehicle other than the number for which he is
1i~ensed, under the pesalty of ten dollars for every such
offenses, a
14. Any driver who ahall be thrice convicted of a
breach of any of the sections of this chapter shall be de
prived of his leense aud forever debarred of a license
under this chapter,
£15. Every licensed owner or driverin the City of New
York, whenever he shall be with his vehicle on any pub
lie stand, or at any of the steamboat or other landings,
or railroad depots, or while waiting for cmployiuent at
any place in said city, shall wear conspicuously ou lis
hat, oron the lappel of bis onter coat, a badge, with the
number of his license fixed thereon; the figures com
posing which nnmbers shall be of wetal, and at least one
mel and one-half in lengtin, the form and material of
the sald badge shall be determined by the Mayor of sald
cly.
te. No person, except a licensed owner or driver in
the sald city, shall wear the badge of such licensed
owner or driver, or any badge purporting to be the
badge of any uch licensed owner or ariver; nor shall
any person, other than a liceused owner or driver, 8o
lich passengers for any such veliiele: nor shall any such
licensod owner or driver wear any other than his own
badge, or suffer or perwil any other person to wear the
salle,
517. Every driver of any such licensed vehicle shall
yresent to every passenger emploving him, upon his en
brings the vehiele, a card, on which shall be legibly
printed the number of his license, and also the nine and
stable of the owner, and the number of the vebicle
driven by him, together with the place of the Mayor's
office; and every such owner may, with (but only with)
the consent of the captain, agent, or superintendent of
auy stesmboat or ship, or rallroad company landing at
or terminating in said city, enter on board such steam
boat or ship, or into the depot of such SownaLy, for the
purpose of soliciting passengers, Providing e shall com
ply In every Teapect with the provisions of this chapter,
Aud for any violation of this section the licenses shall
be subject to forfeiture by the Mayor, aud may be re
stored by bim at his option for good caice shown,
14. Any licenscd owner or driver of suv vehicle, or
any other person who shall neglect to comp y with or vi
olate either of She Droyisions of the fifteenth, sixteenth,
or seventeenth sections of this chapter, shall also be ae
ble to a penalty of ten dollars for every such neglect or
violation,
19. I'he Inst fone sections shall not apply to any li
consed owner or driver having a special license,
ARTICLE 111
OF TIE RATES AND PRICFS OF FARES,
20. The city is hereby divided mito ten districts, viz,
1st. All that portion to the southward of Honston-st,
2d. All that portion between louston and Twenty
third-ats.
R. A) that portion between Twenty-third and Forty
Win M that portion between Forty-second and Fifty
sth, All that portion between Fifty ninth and Seventy
ninth-sts, y venty
Tic portion between Seventy-ninth and Nino
that
Il 6M
7th. All that portion between Ninety-sixth and One
bundred-and-sixteenth-sts,
8th. All that portion between Onehundredandsfx
teenth and One-hundred-and-thirty-tirth «ts,
9th. All that portion bet weeu OnehundredandThirty
89h aad Opoiundtad Au-ARY- Arthas
1at portion between One-hun -and-
Artist, and Hafom 1iver, dredand any
The prices or rates of fare to be taken by or paid to the
owners or drivers of vehicles subject to license for trans
porting passengers for hire, unless otherwise expresaly
and mutually agreed upon, between passengers anid
owner or driver before the entering of the pas:cnger
intw the vehicle, shall be as mig wit:
to
1. For conveying one passenger in a two-horse vehicle
avy distance within any one of the first nine dis
trict, one dollar, and twenty-five cents additional
for cach additioual passenger, if to one destination;
if to various destinations in the same district, tween
ty-tive cents additional for cach stoppage after tho
first; and if In a one-horse Ain seventy-five
cents for one passenger, aud subject to the same pro
visions as above for cach additional passenger.
2. For conveying one passenger in a two-horse vehicle
from within any oue of the first nine districts to
within the limits of an adjoining district, one dollar
and twenty-five cents, wy twenty-five cents addl
tional for each additional passenger; if in
a one-horse vehicle, one dollar, and for each addi
tional passenger the sume us in a two-horse vehicle,
subject to the same ratea as above for stopping at
more than one place,
3 For ponveylug one passenger in a one or two-horse
vehicle, from within any one of the first nine districts
to within tho limits of any other district, twenty five
cents additional for ho district passed through
and for each additional passenger twenty-five cents
for each district passed Say subject to the sane
rites as above for stopping at more than one place
4. For conveying one passenger in a two-horse vehicle
from any poiut within either the First, Second,or Third
Districts to or within the limits of Teuth District, at
the rate of one dollar and fifty cents per hour wid
My cents additional for each additional PARRGIICeT
If in a» one-horse vehicle one dollar per hour, and for
cach additional Jossenaor the ranie rate us un two
ange Youlel®; Ap ia sitar 3 oe or a two-horse vi li
sle from any district north of t y om
Pied oe hi Fl vy ke TWH; to be vo
any or the
one of QIOFE DARSEnFers, with the privilege
OF Koing 1bN) fiance to Vise, and stopping an 0flen ug
For the uac 3 A
OF THE REGULATING AND NUMBERING OF VEHICLES,
nu hie or they may be entitled to receive as aforesaid,
‘under the penalty of ten filiary for every such offense
Cu Every veicle whieh stihl resort to or come upon
any of the publle stands, or Which shit bee toad willing
tor hire at a place other than the hoase or stubie of tho
Owucr thereof, shall vo maibod wld nub sed 1 bhe

distoly under the doors of the velacle, on wat GLEE
thereof, and in such couspioasun piace on the inside of
{ie vehiolo as shall bo designated and spproved by the
ble metal figures of at lesst two inches in length and o
of an inch of the rocker, imme
Ayor,
25. Every vehicle, when driven or used in the
night, shall have tixed upon sowe conspicuous part of
the outalde thereof, two lighted lamps with plain glass
fronts and sides, and having the Loi 4b of the license of
tho owner of such vehicle in plain, legible figures, at
least two inches in length (and no other figure or device),
painted with black paint, upon each of the said lamps. in
such no manner that the same may be distinctly seen and
knows when the said vehicle may be standing or driv
ng.
4 96, Any parson or persons who shall Xe or drive
auch vehicle in violation of any or either of the preced
Ing provisions of this chapter shall forfelt and pay for
every such offense the sum of ten dollars.
27. There shall be fixed on every vebicle, in such a
manner as can he conveniently read by any person in
the anme, a card containing the name fof the owner of
said vehicle, the number of his lense, and the whole of
the third article of this chapter, printed in plain, legible
characters,
48. Lvory owner or driver of such vehicle shall, when
reqirired so to do by any passenger in such vehicle, ex
hibit to auch passenger a card in every reaprot stmdlar to
tho one above mentioned and described iu the preceding
section,
29, Any person who shall violate any or either of tho
provisions of this article shall forfeit and pay for every
such offense the sum of ten dollars,
§30. No owner or driver of any vehicle, whilst on any
of the stands, or any stand which way hereafter be
made, or at any steamboat landing or other landing, or
ratlrokd depot, or whilst waiting for employment at any
place other than at the stable or the residence of the
owner thereof, shall refuse or neglect (and said owner or
diver, if engaged, shall immediately leave the public
stand) to convey any Pores or jpelavhy to any place or
laces on the po Aor of New-York, on his being applied to
for that purpose and on the person or NOrsons being
placed fu such vehicle, shall immediately carry him, her
or them (a8 the case may be), to such place as he, she, or
they may request; nor shall the owner or driver place
any person or persons in such vehicle, withous the con
sent of the person or parsons who first engaged or called
upon him, under the penalty of ten dollars for each and
every refusal, neglect, or offense.
3). No person, whether owner or driver of any
vehicle, While wailing tor employment at either of the
publio stands, or at any stand that may hereafter be
made, or ut any steamboat landing or other landing, or
railroad depot, shall snap or flourish his whip, or leave
such vehicle and go on hoard of any steamboat or other
vessel, or on any per or wharf, or in any dejt, or go
upon the platform thereof, for the purpose of looking tor
ginpioymint for ip vehiclo, under the penalty of ten
dollars for each and every oflense.
92. All the ra toil jennities of this chapter,
except those requiring lamps, all apply to the sleighs
which shall come upon and use the stands hereinbefore
desiimated, and to the owner or owners, or drivers
thereof: and shall also apply, in all respects, to sleighs
which shall be driven or used for the conveyance of pas
sengers in the City of New-York for hire or wages.
33. Every owner, driver, or. person having charge of
any vehicle, shall, upon being requested to do so, give wo
any person or persons the number of lus coach, the name
of the owner va) and his Plate of abode; the name
of the driver thereof, and his place of abode; and in de
fanlt thereof shall forfeitand pay tie sum of teu dollars.
34. No person shall solicit or request, nor shall the
licensed owner or driver of any vehicle soliciwor request,
hire, employ, suffer, or permit any person to solicit or re
quest in any way, directly or indireetly, any person or
persons in the public streets, or at uny place of public
amusement, or on board of any stearuboat or other
vessel, or at any steamboat landing, or other landing, or
at any railroad depot, or upon any wharf or pler, or any
other place in the City of New-York, to ride in, or hire,
or engage or employ any vebigle, under the penalty of
ten dollars for cach and every offeuse,
ARTICLE V.
OF PLACES AT WHICH VEHICLES MAY STAND FOR HIRE.

£35. Vehicles may stand waiting for cuaployuient at all
times, at sich places as the Mayor way roi tuse to time
st te,
i Ho Th owner or driver of any vehicle which shall
stand waiting for employment at any place other than
may be designated as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for
every sich offense the sum of ten dollars.
£37, Etery owner or driver of any sich vehicle who
shall neglect to obey gly of the said rules, regulations, or
orders, shall forfeit’ aud pay for every such offense the
gum of ten dollars,
38. Noowner or driver of any vehicle shall drive or
lead his vehicle up or down any street, aveune, dock,
wharf, or pier on Sunday, for the purpose of looking for
euployment, Wider the penalty of ten dollars tor cach
aud every offense.
4 y ARTICLE VL
OF) SPECIAL PASSENGER VEHICLES.
39, The proprietor of any vehicle who does not in
tend to come npon and use the public stands with such
vehicles shall, at the time of applying for a license for
the same, state, in writing, to the Mayor such futention;
and thereupon a Shoe] license may be grauted, in the
discretion of the Mayor, to such proprietor.
40. For every such special license granted by virtue
of’ the provisions of this chapter shall be paid the suw of
five he
“41. Every such license ghall expire on the first Mon
duy of June next after the date thereof, aud way De re
new ed on application for sueh purpose;
42. No vehicle which shall be specially leensed, by
yirtue of the provisions of this chapter, shall make use
<f, or come upon, or staad, or wait for employment at
any of the public stands, or at any other place in the
city of New-York, exeept upon the premises of the owner
thereof, under a penalty of ten dollars for every such
off nse.
43. The person or officer exercising the duties of the
offl.e of Superintendent of Vehioles and his Inspectors
shall, at all reasonable times, have free access to such
vehicles, within thé premises of their several Jroprieters,
as shall be necessary for the Prerormance of their duties,
under a penalty of ten dollars upon each and every
person who shall obstruct, disturb, or molest the said
persons or officers while in the discharge of their dutles
as aforesaid,
44. The several provisions and penalties of article 1,
and of sections 12, 13, and 14, in article 2 of this chapiey,
shall, in all and every respect, apply to vehicles which
way be lcensed by virtue of the provisions of this
article, aud the owners and drivers thercof, severally
and respectively.
ARTICLE VII.
OF THE SUPERINTENDENCE OF PASSENGER VEWICLES,
$45. The Mayor and Superintendent of Police shall
designate one captain of lice a8 Superintendent of Ve
hicles, whose duty it shall be to vizit the public stands,
and all places where vehicles are Ten to stand he
shall have Joep and authority to order ay from the
stauds, and from all hcl Plates, vehicles not properly
numbered or provided with lamps fixed up, lighted, and
numbered us hereinbefore required, or not furnished
with proper and snitable harness and horses; or if the
same, in bis opinion, shall be JODIOREHY obstructing the
way or street or if the horses attache Hgreto are un
ruly or ir the driver or person having charge of any
such vehicle is intoxicatéd, or in any manner misbe
haves himself,

46, If any person having charge of any such vehicle
shall refuse or neglect to obey any such order of the said
person or officer, or his jaRpectars, ne or they shall for
teit or ay for every such offense the sum of ten dollars,
47. It shall be the dure of the said person or officer to
see that all the laws regulating vehicles are in every re
speet compiicd with. L. RJ FROME,
EDWARD CUDDY
HENRY WOLTMAN,
Special Committee,
Alderman Jerome moved that suid ordinance be
adopted,
The President put the question whether the Board
would agree with said motion.
Which was decided in the affirmative by the following
vote (a majority of all the wewbers elected voting In
favor thereof):
Aftirmative—The President, Aldermen Charlock, Cuddy,
Dimond, Hart, Ia¥ing, Jerome, Mitchel, Plunkitt,
Schlichting, Welch, and Woltman—13,
Negative—Aldermen McKiever, O'Neill, and Reflly~3,
Aud the same was directed to be sent to the Board of
Assistant Aldermen for concurrence,
The Committee on Salaries and Offices, to whom was
referred the accompanying communication from the
County Clerk, transmitting u Hast of persons whose ters
of office as Commissioners of Deeds I the county have
pxpired, in answer to a resolution of the Board request
jug the suid County Clerk to furnish such list, respect
y
i REPORT
for your Adoption the following resolution:
Resolved, That the persons whose names are contained
fn the first column iu the following list be and they are
hereby appointed Commissioners of Deeds in and for
the City and County of New-York in the places respect
ively of the persons whose names are opposite in the
second column,
EDWARD SCHLICHTING,
EDWARD CUDDY,
JAMES G, DIMOND,
Counuittee on Salaries and Offices,
John M. Coman Ahern, John.
William Furlong. Auderson, Step'n M.
Michael shelly. Alt, William,
Thomas Wilds, Antz, Francia B.
Jumes Cowan, Alexandor, W. V,
Jumes Sullivan. Anderson, John,
Cou
John M. Coman
Willinm Furlong.
Michael shelly.
Thomas Wilds.
Jumes Cowan,
Jumes Sullivan,
Robert T, McGrath,
Joseph Shaw.
Patrick Keane,
Henry P. McGowan,
EE. H, Brown.
Hautord Horton,
Anson A, Hurd.
Ajoorgs W. Oukley.
Charles W. Dayton.
Benjamin Moore.
John W. Thorp.
Patrick O’Bierne,
George Thompson.
George Wilson,
Andrew Ellard.
Shelden B. Shaw,
Oscar F. Shaw.
Henry C. Hope,
Numuel Straus,
T. F. Donovau.
Gisorge Biith.
Fred. J. Warburtou.
Henry Jolimsom,
William Marey,
Jonn [vers.
Jumes C, Ruins,
J. GaskiniWilson.
James W, Worden.
David Smith.
dumes P. Rogers.
George E, Jardine,
Willlam A, Crotus,
Frank Cavanagh:
James Reynolds,
R. M. Leverson.
H. D. Hoyt,
Charles E. Ratterlee,
D. 8. Han,
Felix F, Fagan,
Peter McDonell.
Jacob Lebenstein,
Edwin Forrester.
Harmon H. thart,
Alfred Lyons,
Richard M. Lush,
Thowns W. Kcarney.
Michael J, Fagan,
Robert H, Gibson.
Jodwar dt Han
George Willams,
Rochard does,
Vidtew Soewart
Sanu Juckson
qquired, u
ror Bg Bure rate of oue dollur und urty
6. FUL Sus ive 0) Any oue or two-horas vehicle by the
i the rate per howr, Te pusscligrrn; Wo Ye computed
the time thereof, specified to 4 Dy the Lon
a t shall be desmed ww be by the districts,
Mh 4 between two and fourteen years of age,
I 8 only to be charged; and for children
9. The rates of fare to be charged for the use of vehicles
iu the i I Ark shall Le as follows: For four pus
Senkefs OF less, all around the Park, with the privi
lege of keeping vebicle two hours, four dol
liars; principal parts of the park, three dollars; to
Carino und lake and return, two dollars, When on.
Kitked by the hour, two dolldfa an hor, When for
Hue or wore hours, one dollar and fifty cents per
hour shall be detained by Pama] by tha Jago
fren, the owner or drives shal] be allowed at the rate
Every driver or owner of a vehicle sha
port, and convey, in and upon his Juul furry Liam.
riage, in addition to the person or persons therein
one trunk, valise, suddle-bug, earpet-ha portinan.
tean, or box, if he be requested so to y for cuch
passenger, without charze or compensation therefor;
but for every trunk or such artic ies ax above named,
wore than one for each passenger, he shall be enti
23. No owner or driver of any velilcle in the Clty of
D CUDDY,
(Gi. DIMOND,
on Salaries and Offices,
Ahern, John.
Apderson, Step'n M,
Alt, William,
Antz, Francia B.
Alexandor, W. V,
Anderson, John,
Burrill, William II.
Bilger, Jumes,
Barrington, I'. B,
Butler, A. I’.
Bogert, George W.
Lirush, P.
Byllentine, Wm. A.
Bleakley, Andrew jr.
Beliwaot, Simon FE.
Buchanan, Ben). W.
Brushaber, Ieary.
Beggs, Robart,
Byers, Jumes
Brady, Taomas F,
Baker, Alfred E.
Beunett, John W,
Brown, KE. H.
Bluut, H, 5,
Bluut, N, W,
Ruyort, W. T.
Brown, Thomas J,
Brook, E. P,
Burnham, Beekman T.
Boyd, James M,
Brown, William H,
Bluek, Georgo A.
Burke, Francis, sr.
Beglan, James,
Birdseye, C.D.
Bigler, Heary A,
Breanan, Thomas J.
Carney, Patrick IT.
Coster, Morris,
Collin, Patrick,
Corey, Edwiu F,
Carpeuter, W,
Cushman, John H, H,
Carolin, Denix,
Carpontor, Denis M,
Chambers, R. A.
Chamberlain, Jas, FP,
Chambers, W. R. W.
Coe, Joseph 13,
Chanuin;;, Roscoe H.
Carsten, M,
Clurke, Andrew
Cheney, Charles
Caultieid, Joseph
Co hag, Thomas
Codelbio, Wham
Caepbell, AL J
Conrell, John
Coulter, Heury
James Koenan,
Gonzalo Pooy,
Lewis Fellows,
Edward H. sSebell.
Thonms M. Poote.
Eugene M. Jerome,
Henry McCloskey,
William Hasting».
(‘hagr, A. Flammer,
James MeGinness,
Anstin V. Pettit,
warren U. Reynolds,
Joseph Hartman,
1. C. J. Langhein.
Jus, H. Donaldson.
Curistopher Sick.
John Nn golil.
Patrick Dalley.
Ferdinand Levy.
Dennis Carolin,
Thos. A. McGuire.
George 8. Schultz.
(harles 8. Goodrich.
Edward E. Price.
Janes P. Brown.
George Langdon,
John Usher.
John O'Donnell.
Hugh McKsuna.
Tuomas Gaary.
Henry T. Wilson.
Pavk Cunntugbam,
Thomas L. Feitner.
Bernard Fianstau,
Henry Maxwell,
Matt, 8. Farrell
Pat'k Fitzsimmons,
Michael J. Murray.
Pat'k J. McDonough.
James hy:
r. J. Dufly,
Charles EF. Connglly.
John W. Lynch,
James O'Brien.
Cornelius Farley.
Charles MeDerwott,
William E. Conover,
Sol. De Wallteerss.
Edward Tuupson,
Thomas Egan,
Steph, N. Slinonson.
Delancey W. Kuevals
Stephen Rowan,
James O'Hara.
Edward N. Laffey.
John Ford.
Wm. F. McNamara.
Thomas Tierney.
Thomas Maher,
James Reilly.
Cornelius Scully,
Martin L. Ranney,
Charles M. Elsig.
Alexander B. Clark,
G. F. C. Dobernwend
Herman Dios.
J. Gaskin Wilson.
Alvah 1. Canticid,
Herman Behroeters
Thomas Keilly.
James McGinnis.
Theodore Feldstein,
Frank sippelins.
Otto Schathie.
Jacob Mander.
Edward J. Kuight.
Alonzo Truesdell,
Win. H, McCorkie,
Charles Otto Baese.
Amos A. Judsou.
Joseph Fleichel
TY limb inva

LAWALAd Jd. di iiis
Alonzo Truesdell,
Win. H, McCorkie,
Charles Otto Baese.
Amos A. Judson.
Joseph Fleichel
D. H. Hopkins,
George A. Black.
Jacob L. Huiues,
Joel O, Stevens,
Jacob Friedman.
James H. Wyune.
Simon M. Erlich.
William W. Cook.
Moses Weil,
Charles F. Klenck.
John L. Whitton.
Carrol Cunecen,
Mark Thomas.
Jawes Kearney.
James H, Whitelegge,
Frederick W. Foid,
M. T. Beirne,
James Fiddes,
Dennis Burns,
Martin J. Keese.
Mortimer Saliva.
Henry J. Lynch,
Frederick R. Lee.
Charles J. Nehrbas,
Walter H. dead,
John Kerr,
Patrick Feeney.
Heury 1. Wilson.
Constantine Douobo.
Thowas J. Nealis,
James Anderson,
William L. Wiley.
Richard J. Walsh.
Richard B. Roche.
Joseph Shannon.
Joseph F. Murphy.
John Quinlan,
Mark Finiey.
John I, Sweat,
Francis Sheridan,
Patric Collins,
Bernard J. Gallagher,
Jacob F. Valentine,
John J. McArdie.
Isaac Wolf.
Thomas E. Smith,
John J. Rellly.
Daniel M, Van Cott,
Thomas Hushion,
William T. Bogert.
George Middleton,
Walter R. Bavage,
Abrahum Moses,
Henry Murphy.
Louis E. Burns,
Win. A. Ballantine,
James England,
1. J. Campbell,
George W. Relyea.
James Mahou.
William Alt.
Francis Burke,
Judson Jarvis,
E. R. Kennedy.
Richard A. Burke,
Abr'm SpRnsstoen,
John J. Macklin.
James Kelly,
Jawes Riley.
Daniel McCabe.
Willlam N. Giles.
James H. Wessels,
George W. Morton,
Hirsw B. Ferguson.
Jacob Friedman,
Aaron White,
James A. Monaghan.
Henry L. Wright,
William Glaser.
Peter McKnight,
George Foster,
Lorenz Oberle.
F. H. Rodeuburgh,
Henry Frecking.
Herman Gerth.
SN. A. Kent,
George Schreimer,
Joseph Koelble,
Andrew Habhneinanu,
E. Mulligan.
Charles Conley,
P. McAleer,
J. E. Dowling.
P. McConnell,
Peter Shendau,
James Wall,
John Bennett,
John B. Fogarty.
James C, Dcuuy.
John Will.
John Mclutyre,
John Haley.
David Ullman,
T. A. Sullivan,
George Terry.
Richard Flanagan,
John J. Moloney,
Christopher Flue.
Patrick Malone,
William Doll
Edward Bernan,
Bernard Cregen.
Edward L. Douley.
John White,
Ww. T. Rely.
wm. C. O'Brien.
Thomaa 8. Henry.
John M. Dougherty.
Bernard Reilly.
Huh Brady.
John R. Hennessy.
Theodore E. Aruotds
8. V. R. Cruger.
Henry Greibe.
Horatio Adaws,
W. Montgomery, jr.
Wm. Krugh.
John N. Williams.
GO. He Childs,
John J. Nola.
Tuomas Relliy,
Matthew 1. Iilake,
Forbes Hotland,
Adam Cameron,
John N. Hayward,
James M. Sweeny.
Thomas Eunever,
Win. Dealing,
Nicholas Seagrist,
John 8. Graber,
Gilbert 1. Hays.
fulhed Hotborrow.
Wu. H, Brown.
Mai thins Banta.
Srastus F. Mead.
Mxtarw Nugent.
Tho L. Feitner.
Josepit MeDouus.
Donia Galvite
John Jones.
Pat. Cunmigham,
Terence Medahon.
James ML. swith.
Cornelius Farley.
James loc.
wm. H. McCabe,
Patrick H. Kearuoy,
Walwr I. Waldrou.
Isalah Keyser.
Thomas C. Vachui,
M. HH. Grosswmay, jr.
Edward C. Shocly.
John Gorman,
John Brandon,
Bervard Kernan,
Thomas Muoke lar,
John Wilson,
Thomas Pearson.
David Debeuny.
Franols Vanderbeok.
Andiew Ward,
A. J. Mathewson.
John Webber,
Davie Loventritt,
Dante! seully.
Ise Gi, Boyee,
Loaauud Cotaan.
Clarkson, Walter L.
Canfield, A, T.
Dooley, Patrick.
Daly, Michael T.
Doherty, Patrick.
Davin, Edward A.
David, I. 1.
Dealing, William,
Durnin, Engena.
Ponrvan, T. P. y
Downey, John,
Dono, Constantine,
bufi, Jonn J,
Delaney, Arthur J.
Dunscorh, David 8,
Demarost, The. F.C,
Disosway, Corns BR
DeWalteras, F.
Doyle, Thomas C.
Daly, Tuuothy.
Dass, Matihe w.
DeYoungs, Jos. J.
Drake, fia J.
Ellis, A.
Ellard, Andrew,
Eagan, Peter,
Egan, Tuomas,
Forrester, Peter,
Farr, James W,
Fox, H.
Farrelly, James.
Furuiss, William,
Flatau, Ferdinand.
Fagan, Miohael,
Ford, Frederick W.
Felsten, Theodore.
Frecking, Henry.
Flatschl, Josef,
Feituer, Thomas L.
Ferguson, Harrison II
Fitzs.mimons, P.
Fennell, Edward J,
Fiuigan, William J.
Flauwer, Charles A.
Goodrich, Charles 8.
Garvey, John.
Gleason, A. W.
Gover, W. C,
Gonzalez, Antonio C.
Gerken, Charles.
Gray, Owen I,
Gorsch, Hugo.
Gatbraith, John.
Giles, William M.
Gage, M. W.
Godfrey, John A.
Gilmore, Joun 8.
Gaddis, David E,
Galvin, Dems,
Gregory, John II.
Hurley John,
Healy, Joshua A.
Hoyt, W. A.
Hughes, H. Winfleld.
Hennessey, Jolin Ra
Howard, Qi E.
A1aliViall, niCuaci.
Hatch, James F,
Houghton, C. N.
Tugrabiam, D. Li
Jacobus, Charles
Jobes, Peter H.
Jayne, samuel F.
Jouuston, Hugh C,
Kennedy, F. V. B.
Knight, Edward J.
King, William H.
Keir, John,
Kienck, Charles P.
Kennedy, John E.
Kearned, Thomas W.
Keese, Martin J.
Kiernan, James.
Knight, Charles H,
Knorels, D. W.
Ring, Vincent C.
Kindall, Joseph T.
Keyser, Isaial.
King, W. E.
Higgins, John O.
Kune, W. J.
Levy, 8imon.
Lang, John C.
Leeds, Jauies M.
Lynch, Georss 1, E.
Losee, Garrett M,
Lee, Stephen A.
Lippmann, Euudl,
Langbein, J. C. J.
Levi, B. 5.
Lush, Richard M.
Leonard, William.
Laws, Wim. Wesley
Levy, David,
Murphy, P. D.
Muller, A., Jt.
Meehan, Michael
McCahill, Joha.
Macklin, J. J.
MeGowan, James,
McGowan, Jolin E.
Murphy, Joseph F.
Murphy, Edw. la
Murphy, John.
Muilen, Samuel,
McAdam, Geo, W,
Mugues, Charles A,
McGowan, John T.
Moran, Benin A
Macnab, A. L.
Melvin, Wm. O. 8.
Maxwell, Heory.
Munday, Wm. 8.
Martin, Charles T.
Middleton, George.
Moses, Abrabau.
McAlear, P. J.
Myers, Morris.
MecCatlil, William,
McCorkle, Wm. H.
Morton, George W,
Mcrntt, Benjamin,
Murphy, Wm. H.
McGuinness, James
Murrecella, J. B.
Moore, Benjamin,
MecCaflrey, M. J. A,
McCabill, Thomas Jo
McGuire, Joseph.
McAdam, Davul.
McGown, Henry BP
McCabill, B,
Mathewson, A. J.
Murrals John W.
McCaffery, Beruard,
Moore, Nicliolas LL,
Neafie, J. H.
Nast, G. H.
Nauz, Charles.
Nagle, John P.
Nugent, John.
Nealis, Thomas J.
O'Grady, Richard,
Olvany, Win. G.
O'Brien, Jolin A,
O'Neil, James.
O'Driscoll, J. D.
O’Brien, Wi. C.
O’Brien, James J,
Oukloy, George W.
O’Brien, Damel M,
Patten, Thoinas,
Porter, Haz.
Power, Jacl.
Purdy, Edgar A,
Patterson,
Pecher, Henry A,
Pettit, John,
Pabor, Wu. E.
Pinckney, W. 8,
rangburu, J
Porter, Josiah.
Quin, Janes C,
Kowan, s. I.
Rooney, Wm. II.
Reynolds, G. W.
Ritterband, J. 8.
Racker, Poier.
Robinson, Tuomas.
Robertson, HL.
Robb, Willis.
Richter, C. G.
Robertson, J. R.
Kellly, Robert 1.
Eaymond, Wm. P,
Ranney, M. D.
Riordan, John.
Reynolds, D. K.
Stout, George H,
Shaw, Hemy GU.
sunt, D. P.
Stratton, Norman,
Sunth, Thomas, jr,
Sherman, A.W,
Stapieivh, EJ.
stultzman, Geo, P.
swith, Andrew,
Seagrist, Nicholas,
stiner, Josepu H,
Smith, H. 1.
Schlicher, Adolf.
Smith, James M.
shechan, James M,
Stephenson, WW,
Smith, Thomas KE.
Stout, O. B.
Sullivan, Mortiwer.
SBlimltz, Geo, 8,
Schick, 8. J.
Sep, 3. N,
ana Sonu J.
schwartz, John tl,
Steinert, Joseph,
shine, V illiam
Springsteen, A.
Stevens, Joel O,
suyder, Heory.
Shaughnessy, Mich'lL
Sinclair, Wi, sr.
Tindale, John J.
Tooker, Joseph H,
Tervy, George E,
Timpson, Ldward.
Tracy, Jolin M,
Trundell, Alonzo.
Taylor, G. G
Tuwmson, G. BB.
Tone, Win. H.
Tousey, William
Vanderbeck, Francis,
Valentine, Jacob F,
Van Voorhis, CW.
Van Santvoord, Abm.
yYanderbeck, John,
Van Valin, Geo. H.
Vultee, H. V.
Vachi, Toomas C.
Vandorguel Jesso O.
Walon, Wiliam.
bb, Abn.
Warburton, Fred. A.
winterbottum, M. W.
well, Jacob A,
ward, Andrew.
webster, Josaph T.
wilson, Jouathan.
Wolf, Morris.
West, Henry P.
Williams, J. F.
wakefield, Robert.
Worden, James H.
Whittlelegue, Jas. FL
Wilson, J. G.
Waldron, Waiter B,
Wits, Hares, jr.
Wamot, COW
Waltitou, Wadler LHL