Amusements. etc. This Eoemna.
4
ACADEMY OF Music.—English Opera: Don Gio
wvanal.” Mme Parepa-Rowa
Re ASSOCIATION Harr. —Chicago Relief Concert. Mlle.
Boorn’s THEATER.—*“ Macbeth.” Miss Cushman.
Frrra AVENUE Tueater.—* Divorce.”
GrLoaE THEATER.—Burlesque and Vaudeville Com
puny.
G lief
Brran y Ope a booth, estetn, ryan
Lixa Epwix's THEATER. Opera Bouffe: La
Perichole.” HN. Almee.
N1910'8s GARDEN.—‘‘ The Rtreets of New-York.”
aye,
Or.YMPIC THEATER.—* Humpty Dumpty.” Fox.
STADT THEATER. German Opera: “The Magic
Flute." Wachtel
STRINWAY HALL. —Concert. Mra, Moulton.
a NON SQUARE THEATER.—Burlesque and Panto
WALLACK'S THEATER.—“ A Curious Cage,” and “A
Game of Rpecalation.” Charles Mathews.
AMERICAN INsTITUTRE Exnisrrion, Third-ave. and
Bixty-third-st.—~Open day snd night.
SAN FRANCISCO MINSTRELS. Birch, Wambold, ete.
Oprra

Miss and Dan At
Tue WILSON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.—
The best and cheapest first-class wachives in the world! Price, from
$431 $109; easy payments. Salesroom, 70 Broadway.
AAA AA IA A IN INI LNIININNE
MARBLE MANTELS, MONUMENTS, FLOOR
TiLing, ke. —~Hrwny Panny, Manufacturer and Hmptaey WArerooms,
288, 290 Fourta-ave. Steam Marble Works. 121, 123, 35 East 28d-st.
Physicians and Chemists vouch to the fact
at Chevaliers Life for the Hair is perfectly harmless, is an elegant hair
dressing, restores gray hair, stops its falling out, nd increases its growth.
Cosy AND ComMPORTABLE Houses, with small
coal bills, by using RoxBUCK’'s WEATHER STRIPS.
om Bommock Broa, 38 Fultovst., near Clif.
Lire AND ENDOWMENT PoLicIES, all forms.—
Ample Beourity, Low Bates—~TaavaLwMS INSTRARCE Co., Hartlord.
Wedding and Ball Cards, Monograms Orders
of Dancing, New Desigvs, at t Jas. EveepeLl's, 302 "WAY. Patad, 1840.
ARTIFICIALITIES—PALMER LIMBS,
678 Broadway, N. Y.; 1.609 Chertaut-st., Philay; 31 Green-st., Boston.

TERMS OF THE TRIBUNE.
Day TrisuNk, Mail Subscribers, $10 per annum.
SEMI-WEEKLY Thupyxe, Mail Subscribers, $4 per an.
Wkekly TRIBUNE, il Subscribere, $2 per annum.
Advertising Rates.
Dany FEIBUNE, 30c., 40¢., 50¢., T5¢., and $1 per line.
Au EERLY RIBUNE, 3 and 50 cents per line.
xxLY TRIBUNE, $2, $3, and $5 per line,
According to position in the paper.
Terms, cash in advance.
Address. Tax TRIBUNE, New-York.
HE TRIBUNE IN FRANKFORT.
Mr. H. Osterberg, Office German-American
Reonomist, No. 38 Zetl, Prankfort-on-the-Main, is author
ized to receive subscriptions and advertisements for Tir
TrieUNk. He will have copies of THe TRIBUNE for
ale.
New Dork Daily Cribune
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1871
The new treaty with Franoe has been approved by the
Emperor Willlam, Measures have been taken in
€rance to guard against a threatened Bonapartist de
scent on the coast. Victor Place has been acquitted.
A terrible state of affairs prevails in Persia, the
ahole country being in a state of anarchy, and the capi
zal in possession of a band of wsurgents, The flow
»f bullion from the Bank of England has ceased.
EE ry
A Mormon Bishop has been arrestod in Utah for mur
ier. One man has been killed and several injured,
n New-Orleans, by the explosion of a wagon-load of
Union torpodoes. A New-York broker has been
arrested in Albany on a charge of fraud. A long
list of disasters on the lakes during the recent storm is
published this morning. An extensive planing
mill bas been burned in Philadelphia.
The Livonia beat the Columbia in the third race for
tho America cup. Geo. C. Barrett, Chas. P. Daly,
and Franz Bigel were the nominees of the Democratio
Reform County Convention. Receivers were ap
pointed for the Lorillard and Irving Insurance Com
panics. Capt. Walsh's collusion with panel thieves
1s exposed. The National Insurance Convention
continues its sesalon. In the Botts trial at Newark
‘he case was summed up for the defense. Gold
J12§, 113, 1124. Thermometer, 60°, 62°, 59+.
A chapter of unlucky accidents atéended the
New-York Yacht Club, vesterday, and the
{'olumbia, selected to sail against the British
vaft, went into the race under great disadvan
tages. The carelessness and conddent ease of
the New-Yorkers in their victory rave the
race to the Livonia. This unexpected tyin of
affairs will be a wholesome lesson to the
Americans, who will not again be caught off
mtv
That a eonspiracy to tie the Upper House of
‘he Pennsylvania Legislature is on foot is
apparent from information printed in another
column of THE TRIBUNE, to-day. The De
moeracy are reluctant to give up the Senate,
whigk AS Tote by a Republican majority of
§v~. A scheme to refuse a certificate of elec
tion to a regularly elected Republican Senator
bas been divulged, and, the attention of the
Pennsylvania Republicans having been directed
to the attempt, they ought to be able to find
means to thwart it, and so carry out the will
+f the people.
The Democratic Reform Party made three
excellent nominations last might. Those of
Geo. C. Barrett for Supreme Judge, and Chas.
P. Daly as Judge of the Common Pleas, will
command respect and influence; that of Gen.
Sigel for Register iz arecognition of the conspicu
pus value of the German element in the move
ment among Democrats for municipal reform,
as well as of the fact that men who ask for
Republican support must make some con
vession to the party whose votes they depend
upon for success. This last consideration has
the merit of novelty in Union Democratic
wovements in this city.
Prince Napoleon has gone to Corsica, where
the Bonapartists are alleged to be planning
dreadful things against the Republic. Warned
by historic example, the French Government
Las ordered the coast guard to look out for
suspicious vessels and any possible descent of
Bonapartist expedition; but, though history
does repeat itself, there seems to be little
probability that any representative of the line
pf the Real Napoleon will land at a French
port and march on Paris with a Moniteur mark
ing his progress with varying gradations from
Frejus to the capital and from “monster”
¢o “the Emperor.”
The Board of Arbitrators, to sit at Geneva,
fs now complete, the appointment left to the
Emperor of Brazil being the last made. The
members are Charles Francis Adams on be
half of the United States; Lord ChiefJus
pice Sir Alexander Cockburn for Great
Britain Jacques Staempfli of Switzerland,
Count Selopis of Italy, and Baron de
Jtajubé of Brazil. This last named appoint
jnent is represented as creditable and,
ps the Baron has seen recent diplomatic ser
wice as representative of his Government at
the French capital, it is fair to presume that
Le brings special fitness to the work.
Some excuses are criminating—poor pleas
swhich are positive charges against the derelict
person advancing them. We are compelled to
Ek in this category the explanation of Capt.
valsh of the Fourteenth Police Precinct, that
J:e did not suppress certain infamous houses
1 +d swindling games because he did not know
their existence. Ignorance of this kind in
Business Notices.
AHO Dil 100 WO caulnluon VL siayYoly 1a
Brazil, after hanging in the Legislative
Body through an entire session of nearly five
‘months, has at length passed both the Chamber
of Deputies and the Senate. The telegraph
brings us a simple announcement of these
facts, without further particulars. How far the
bill may have been amended in the course
of the prolonged and exciting debates which
have marked its passage through the Chamber,
we are not yet informed. It has encountered
violent opposition from both sides—from the
planters who cling to the crumbling relic of a
brutal system of despotism with desperation
like that of our Southern chivalry of
1861, and from the radical reformers
who believed the ministerial measure to be
only a paltering with justice, a delusive prom
ise of emancipation, instead of a plain, honest
“decree of freedom. The original bill, as
introduced by the Minister of Agriculture
early in May, did little or nothing for the
slaves now living, except the slaves of the
Crown. These were declared free, but sub
ject for a period of five years to the super
vision and control of Government officers—
that is to say, they were to be let out on a
kind of ticket-of-leave, and might be sum
marily condemned to hard labor in
the public establishments if they were
found, in police parlance, without visible
moans of support. There were sundry
devices for enabling slaves to buy their free
dom, and a fund was created to emancipate
a number of slaves annually in each of the
provinces of the Empire. There were further
more, provisions for the liberation of slaves
Leld by the religious orders, and humane enact
ments to prevent the separation of families,
and to secure for the bondmen the right to
hold property. These ameliorations of servi
tude would have been thought highly important
if they had been introduced into our own
Slave States before the war; but in Brazil,
where emancipation has been more common
and the social condition of the slave more
tolerable than ever among us, such concessions
make little practical change and are not highly
evlecady,
The oly serious portion of the law is that
which affects the children born of slave
mothers after the passage of the act. If the
bill has been adopted in its original form,
these children remain in the power of the
owner until they reach the age of 21. Should
the mother in the mean time become free,
children under 8 are to be given up to her.
When the child is 8 years of age, the owner
has the privilege of selling it to the Govern
ment for the sum of $800. Children so pur
chased, however, do not become free, but are
taken from their mothers and committed to
authorized associations, which have their gra
tuitous services until they reach the age of 21.
These associations seem to be in the nature of
great labor companies, organized for the purpose
of working the emancipated apprentices,”
and as They have the privilege of underletting,
and of using the children in any way they
please, while they have no interest in pre
venting depreciation in the value of the pro
“erty,” provided they can keep it serviceable
up to the age of 21, they must of course be
exposed to exceptional temptation toward bru
tality and oppression. There is no provision
for the education of slaves or apprentices, and
the precautions against bad treatment are very
slight.
ness, however, to be encouraging, that there is
believe it, for there is no chance of sucoess
The result of the final vote in the Senate
was hailed with an enthusiasm which our cold
Northern natures cannot fully appreciate.
Emancipation, even though incomplete, is
indeed a noble step in the march of progress
which has so long distinguished the Bragilian
Empire but there should be no room for half
measures when the question is one Dbe
tween freedom and servitude. This bill post
pones liberty for a whole generation—nay for
present Inspectors must be got rid of and the
Reform organizations must be united on a
single ticket. And we have only a little more
than a fortnight in which to accomplish all
our work,
half a centnrs hers are thousands of slaves
L now living woo wl bear caildren perhaps forty
the chief official of a precinct is unpardonable
under any strict and proper system of police,
and would warrant, under the more petr
foet London, Paris, or St. Petersburg
systems, the instant dismissal of the
guilty oaptain. He cannot be a true
protector of the peace who permits, the de
liberate growth of such establishments in the
region under his care, and when he so neglects
his duty it is time to send him to a less re
sponsible position in some private station.
There is 'some excuse for ignorance of the
details by the Superintendent, particularly
when faithless subordinates fail to report the
facts; but can he plead any for hesitation or
omission to call those shown to be guilty to
summary and sharp account? An account of
affairs in Capt. Walsh's precinct is printed on
our second page.
A

Worse trouble than that on account of po
lygamy seems ripening in Utah. Johnson,
one of the leading bishops of the Mormon
Church, has been arrested on charge of mur
der, and the affidavits on which the aoccusa
tion is based, published in TA TRIBUNE
to-day, make a very grave case against
him. It is claimed that the Parrish mur
ders, which created considerable excitement
at the time, were instigated by Orson
Hyde, one of the Mormon Twelve Apostles,
and Brigham Young himself. This line of at
tack on the chief Mormon is indicated in the
evidence so far adduced. The narrative is
certainly a startling one, but it remains to be
seen how much of it can be sustained in a
court of justice. That the crimes were com
mitted by Mormons, however, is tolerably
certain, since at the time of their perpetration
there were very few Gentiles” in the Ter
ritorv.
California elected, on the 18th inst, two
Supreme Judges, a Superintendent of Public
Instruction, several District Judges, and sun
dry local or municipal judicial officers. After
their late Waterloo defeat, the Democrats were
not in very good spirits, and the Republicans
have carried the State by large majorities—the
largest being 5,000, which is about the same
as the majority for Governor. Some years
gince, the California Legislature, in a fit of
extraordinary wisdom, separated the Judicial
and School questions from the general elec
tion by appointing different times for
these elections; but the contests are
as partisan as ever, and each party
has just put its own ticket in the
field. The candidates for the Supreme Court
are all able men, and the Republicans, A. L.
Rhodes (reélected) and A. C. Niles, command
the respect of all parties. A very bitter con
test was made on the State Superintendent of
Public Instruction the Republican candidate,
Prof. Bolander, is a naturalized German, and
the Democratic candidate was a Secessionist
during the war, which gave occasion to the re
mark that the former was an American citi
zen from choice and the other from compul
8100.
FMANCIPATION IN BRAZIL.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1871.
years henoe, and those children will practically
remain in bondage twenty-one years longer.
Until the last slave has been set free we may
expect the question of emancipation to dis
tarb the politics of the empire. Nor will such
a bill satisfy the bondmen, whose clamor for
their rights has already created no slight
alarm. The recent insurrection in the prov
ince of Minas Geraes was a menace which the
Brazilian conservatives dare not disregard, snd
they have blundered fearfully if they imagine
they have met it by the deceptive and halt
ing measure whose leading points we have
just recapitulated.
I C—— —r—
THE HALT OF THE REFORM MOVEMENT.
The Reform movement begun with such en
thusiasm two months ago is threatened with
failure, if unity of action and singleness of
purpose and direction be mot soon attained.
While Tammany is a unit and its desperate
battle is directed by s single bold, bad, but
subtle man, the Reformers are divided into
various factions led by divers Committees and
all quarreling over spoils unsecured and dis
puting over the honors of victories unwon.
Meantime they have met with several very
serious checks which might well be called re
verses, though the Reformers themselves do
not seem to regard them in that light.
The Investigating Committee of Citizens has
done admirable but incomplete work. Its ex
position of Ring frauds has been very effective
in making public sentiment against Tammany;
it has greatly aided and supplemented the ef
forts of the Committee of Seventy by col
lections of facts damaging to the principal
Ring leaders, and it promises, next week, to
make still more damaging revelations. But
thus far it has furnished no legal evidence
which will help recover the money of the
people from the thieving contractors who have
stolen it, or send to State's Prison the City
and County officials who were their confeder
ates in crime and participants in the plunder.
Confident in their power, the Supervisors,
ready tools of the Ring, have refused
authority to send for persons and pa
pers, and the examination of witnesses
from which so much was expected has
never been attained. Without this power over
persons and papers no investigation could be
complete. If the Tammany frauds had not
been open and flagrant, this investigation, like
scores of others undertaken in the same way,
would have resulted in the whitewashing
of the culprits. It was on the ground that
the inquiry could not be thorough and impar
‘tial without the power over persons and
papers that the Chamber of Commerce wisely
declined to undertake an examination on Mayor
Hall's invitation. We do not wish to un
derrate the great work done by the Committee
of Citizens; they know even better than any
others can know that they have failed for lack
of this power, which the Supervisors were
vainly asked to delegate and none, we be
lieve, regret the failure more than Mr. Booth
and his colleagues. They are about to dis
solve, and it will be with the consolation of
knowing that their great labors, whatever the
result, have been appreciated by the people.
The Committee of Seventy, an organization
resulting from the public agitation of the sub
ject, has really accomplished little, though it
promises much in the future, and we are
hopeful of great good still to be done by it.
It has induced one of those generally held to
be in league with the Ring to come forward
and aid in the pursuit of the thieves, and it
has been instrumental in forcing Gov. Hoff
‘man to some action; but beyond this it is
diffieult to point to any large advantage
which the Committee has already conclusively
‘gained. It has given valuable moral support
to the cause, and helped by the influenee of
its members to advance the movement legally
and politically, but beyond this the fruits of
its labor are still unripened.
In the Courts the success of the Reformers
has not been as great as was hoped for.
The suit against the Mayor halts. No
one has confilence in the jury, except
the Mayor himself. The examination of
Ingersoll has been ordered, but the delay al
lowed for appeal leaves the victory without
positive advantage to the victors, and one more
such triumph will check the advance in that
direction altogether. Tt is true that Mr. O'Conor
has been associated with the Attorney-General
as counsel for the State in actions against the
Ring; his letter of acceptance reads as if
he meant action; and his association of Judge
Emott, William M. Evarts, and Mr. Peckham
with him confirms this hope and belief. But
what they are to attempt and what they can
accomplish are matters of doubt, about which
few of the Reformers are sanguine. Beyond the
injunction suit of John Foley in the Supreme
Chambers, which inaugurated the campaign
against Tammany with the most decided legal
success which has been gained at all, nothing
effectual has come of the legal proceedings.
To John Foley’s injunction we owe it that a
stop has been put for the present to all Ring
frauds; that the Two Per Cent act is complied
with; that the bond factory in the Controller's
Office has been closed that the corrupt Con
nolly has been compelled virtually to retire,
and that an honest Deputy, Andrew H. Green,
is in possession of the most important de
partment of the City and County Government.
It must be apparent that the field which
now promises most, and which is. indeed
the only one left for present operations, is
that of politics, Every energy must be de
voted first to securing a fair election in No
vember, and then to winning it. In the first
place, repeating and miscounting must be ren
dered impossible. There can be no coipera
tion with the United States authorities at this
election; the election laws of the General
Government are inoperative at the local
polls. Everything must be done by our
own exertions. To insure a fair election the de
frauding Inspectors must be driven out of office.
To insure a victory there must be a thorough
union and organization of the scattered forces
of the Reformers. For the time being, as we
have before urged, all party claims should be
ignored, and honest men, irrespective of political
opinions, should be nominated and supported.
We are with too much of
We have not yet heard of the prompt ac
ceptance by Mr. Thomas Murphy of Marshal
Murray's offer to waive the usual delays, and
go into Court at once to prove the charges
against the Collector, Lest the exceedingly
accommodating nature of Marshal Murray's
proposition may not have been sufigicntly
{impressed on the Collector's mind, we take
pleasure in once more calling bis attention
to it:
1 made grave and serious charges saainst Thomas Mur
phy, involving his moral honesty, and his political stand
ing and integrity. The charges implicate him in acts
whieh amount to crime against the law, and outrage
azsiast humanity, If they were not trus, I have been
guilty of crime in making them, snd am smensble fo
the laws of the land. If Mr. Murphy lias the courage to
bring me into court of justice—that I may have
&n opportunity of groving the truth of those
charges by legal evidence—we both shall have fo
submit the question to a jury of twelye men. I have
pot the slightest hesitation in submitting myself to that
ordeal, and will facilitate the tardy operation of the law,
by giving a written stipulation lo waive the wrual 20 days
in Meh lo answer, and will serve my answer upon Aim
én 34 hours after (Ae service of Me complaind upon me,
and will be ready io proceed to irial on three days’ notice
after {stu ts joined. Or if he prefers bo proceed agains
me eriminally, Iwill give a like stipulation to walve the
usual preliminary examination before a magistrate, and
give the required bail, in order that the case may go be
fore Grand Jury immediately; and I will be ready to
proceed te trial on throe days’ notice after the indict
ment is filed.
The considerate courtesy with which the
Marshal tries to help Mr. Murphy towards a
means of clearing his character is beyond all
praise. Does the Collector mean tobe behind
hand! We will gladly give him space for still
another “last word on the subject,” meeting
Mr. Murray half-way. Must we wait yet
twenty-four hours longer for it?
4 NEEDLESS COMPLICATIONMN.
It is unfortunate that just as England and
the United States are entering upon an era of
good feeling a vexatious complication should
be forced upon us. Statesmanship requires
years to smooth away international difficul
ties and then the whole work may be put
in jeopardy by a single wrong-headed act.
Such an act was the cutting out of thy
fishing-smack E. A. Horton from the harbor
of Guysborough, Nova Scotia. We can
excuse much to men harassed as our fisher
men have been by supercilious foreign officials
and public opinion may largely favor the
brave and hardy mariners who rescued the
vessel and thus put an end to the law's de
lay. It is natural to admire the dash and
boldness of our fishermen; it was these
qualities which gave the best reénforce
ments to our young navy when the new Re
public was fighting for existence; but none of
these considerations can condone the flagrancy
of this breach of international law.
The American schooner E. A. Horton was
seized by the Dominion authorities for an
alleged infraction of fishing laws, which,
though onerous and vexatious to us, are bind
ing on all friendly nations. She was taken
into Guysborough, and, pending adjudication
of the case, was secretly cut out and brought
back to the United States. It was reported
that a British cruiser followed the fugitive,
and the people along the coasts of New
England lashed themselves into a frenzy at
the bare suggestion that an American vessel
should be pursued by a foreign man-of-war,
or that “British frigates should patrol
“the ports of the Great Republic.”
The excitement was needless; if any
cruiser followed the stolen schooner, it
could only have been with the hope
of overtaking her in Canadian waters. On the
high seas, whatever the original provocation
of the vessel, she was exempt from seizure;
and it was the duty of the United States Gov
ernment to give strict orders that she should
not be recaptured. The agents in the abstrac
tion of the Horton are of no special import
ance in the case now; their daring aet con
summated, they disappear from tho complica
tion, and we have only to follow the schooner,
which is received at Gloucester with the boom
ing of rural cannon and the jubilation of Gen.
Butler's constituents. The enthusiasm Is nat
ural, and the act which evoked it is the result
not only of the courage and lawlessness of the
captors, but of the teachings of one of tho
most mischievous and unscrupulous politicians
in the State of Massachusetts, Our friends
have had their little glorification over the
deed; but there may be an after-account.
“80 comes a reckoning when the banquet 's o'er,
The dreadful reckoning, and men smile no mors,”
It would be wise for the Dominion Govern
ment to smile at this little escapade as a good
joke, and say no more about it; but that is
not the Dominion way, especially when they
happen to be in the right. Cutting out the
Horton from Guysborough harbor, while she
was in the custody of the legally constituted
authorities, was a gross breach of internationa!
law. The perpetrators have escaped or an
not known, but the vessel is in an American
port; and, if the British Government makes a
demand for her, she will have to be given
up, galling though such a sacrifice may
be. It is well to cheer the brave captors and
toss caps in air when the gallant little craft,
with the Stars and Stripes flying, comes into
harbor; but the facts in thé case are as piti
less as they were when we surrendered the
prisoners from the Trent, or would have given
up the Rebel cruiser cut out from Bahia if
she had not been accidentally sunk” in
Hampton Roads. We are in a fair way to
settle all great international disputes with
amity and much good-will. Perhaps the Cana
dians, who have just joined hands with us on
the line of the European and North American
Railway, may, in the fervor of fresh frateinal
enthusiasm, overlook this cause for complaint.
At any rate, a wrong confessed is half re
dressed.
THE WORK OF THE CONVENTION.
The Episcopal Convention, as we anticipated
it would, has set about its perilous and del
icate task of reconciling the apparently irrecon
cilable differences between its members with
a spirit of charity and concession, and a keen
sighted discrimination between essentials and
trifies altogether admirable. In their work,
and in the forbearing, courteous manner in
which the work has been done, the Christian
teachers who compose this council have so
far been faithful witnesses for their Master.
The, greater part of the difficult questions
which they have had given them to adjust
concern church doctrine and polity, and in
terest only Episcopalians; but in one or two
instances they have grappled with problems
which underlie all the social life of this gen
eration. The case most notably in point is
the resolution offered last week, that an en
lightened, practical plan should be adopted
for the training, support, and organization of
women free to engage in work outside of
their homes, as nurses, teachers, and domestic
missionaries—* such women not to be bound
“by irrevocable vows, and to be able to return
to the house where they were trained, when
disabled, with the assurance of a comfortable
support through life.”
a prospect of the union of the score or two
of Reform organizations. And we are fain to
otherwise. Let it not be forgotten that if
New-York is to be rescued from the Ring the
Christianity, after all, is nothing if it 18 not
the practical application of the divine truth
which Jesus taught of love to God and our
brother to the new phases and exigencies of
each succeeding age. The disease which cank
ers deepest into our social and domestic life
uow is the forced inaction and morbid uarest

tw a Ad died 8
DL WOUIIGH. J MOL KUMUE, We VaweTs Ty
proaches this difienlty net.only with the high
est Christian ptirpose, but with sound common
sense. The idle, needy, pious woman, at
present a loose thread in the body politic, is
to be woven into the web; given, first, an
‘honorable means of earning her own bread
‘and butter, afterward a home, companions,
security for old age, and exercise in Christ's
‘sevice for all the skill or talent which
‘He has given her. She forms, too, a
link, now very much wanted, between
the ready charity of the wealthy class
and the poor. We should be glad to find
other Protestant churches following the ex
ple of the Episcopalians in this matter.
Women in religious bodies heretofore who
wished to devote themselves to work for Christ
‘have been sent (at their church’s expense)
‘only on errands to the far-off heathen of, to
say the least, doubtful expediency or suc
cess, Any woman with the true missionary
spirit can find work for heathen in her own
kitchen or back alley, but the difficulty is that
it lacks the attraction which danger, novelly,
and picturesque scenery lend to Japan or
India’s coral strand. If our Episcopalian
brethrem render this home work more at
tractive to the romance-loving sex, by com
bining them in so-called sisterhoods, they will
have founded their work not only on Cbristian
principle, but on a shrewd knowledge of the
demands of human nature.
There is another matter which we would
briefly suggest presents itself now to the con
sideration of every religious body in the coun
try more urgently than questions of hymnals
or rubrics, as it underlies the whole physical
and moral health of the nation, We mean
the more enlightened view which gains ground
among us but too slowly as to the treatment
and cure of intemperance. While two-thirds
of the inmates of our prisons and victims of
the gallows are sent there by liquor, and one
half of the active diseases of the country are
outgrowths from the same cause, We know no
subject more worthy the careful and wise con
sideration of our best men. The difficulty in
the way of reform lies, as we believe, in the
fact that Intemperance has hithorto been ap
proncLed as a crime, and not a disease.
Its prevention is to be found not in frantic
appeals to the will and moral sense of
the drunkard, when both are enfeebled
by physical means, but in the clear, intelligent
comprehension by the people, especially parents,
that the thirst for alcohol is an hereditary
disease, to be combated, warded off, and cured
as scrofula or consumption would be. The
Episcopal Convention, a body of men pre
eminent for their moderation and love of
truth stripped of fanaticism, ean find no social
evil more terrible in its exigence than this;
no matter in which they can render their
church and the world more service by a well
considered verdict. Their sect is composed for
the most part of that cultured and influential
class, under the direction of their pastors to
an exceptional degree, whose every forward
movement in reform has weight. A few
gimple authoritative words of warning on this
matter, or the endowment of an Inebriate
Asylum by the Convention, would be a work
for humanity whose healthful eftect cannot be
estimated in words.
There is a town in Massachusetts called Ayer, pre
sumably after Dr. J. C. Ayer, the well-known maker
of medicines. At any rate, the Doctor proposed to
give the new town the sum of $10,500, the interest
thereof to be devoted annually to educational pur
poses. Well, the benevolent donor, instead of being
thanked cordially by the inhabitants, has aroused a
tea-pot tempest in town-meeting. Some objectors
did not like the conditions of the gift; others
growled because it was not big enough; and finally
a Committee of three was appointed to cal? upon Pr.
Ayer and endeavor to get this money or mop with
out the conditions. Without guessing precisely Low
the propositions of the Committee will be received,
we must be allowed to say that this is about the
coolest proceeding which has come to our knowledge
We have heard of looking gift horses in the mouth,
but this is a squint down the entire throat and into
the stomach of the animal. One would think Dr.
Ayer to be the obliged party instead of the town
which is called by his name. We have long per
ceived a liberal tendency among the men of wealth
in Massachusetts; but we did not know before that
it had become so difficult in that State to give away
one's money.
The curse of onr Reformers” by profession has
been that when they failed to find a “Cause,” they
invented one. Wendell Phillips, while he had the
anti-Slavery battle to fight, though often unwise
and always uncharitable, was continuously superb;
but when, left suddenly without a subject, he fell
upon the wrongs of the workingmen, he degenerated
into drivel, Butler did fine things in the war; but
now, seeking some hobby whereon to ride back to
his lost popularity, he invents the “Cause” of Labor
against Capital, and talks moon-struck madness, It
is a comfort to see that Miss Anna E. Dickinson has
not found it necessary, even if she had been will
ing, to resort to such questionable means for retain
ing the public attention. In her new lecture (to be
delivered in Steinway Hall, on next Thuraday, the
26th inst.) she shows that she has not lost her head
because she has lost her old source of inspiration
and that she can face the new issues with the same
cominon sense and honesty she gave to the old.
wm.
Mrs. Cen. Lander was not so unfortunate at the
Chicago fire as the newspaper paragraphs have been
representing. Through the kindness of a total
stranger and a New-Yorker, she was taken from the
Tremont House beyond the limits of the fire, losing
none of her theatrical wardrobe or other luggage.
In the private note in which this is men
tioned she throws out an excellent suggos
tion: “Some of the proceeds of the
benefits for Chicago should be appropriated espe
cially to relieve professional sufferers, actors and
others, thrown out of Winter's employment by the
burning of the theaters. Twelve hundred dollars
was thoughtfully seut from St, Louis to the man
agers for distribution; but there are over 250 actors
homeless and friendless, and you can judge how
slight is this relief for such a case.”
a
It is no doubt through a clerical blunder that the
President's proclamation suspending the writ of
habeas corpus in certain portions of South Carolina,
includes the County of Marion and omits the County
of Union. Marion has always been peaceable, be
cause the blacks are in so large a majority that the
whites do not venture to disturb them. Union, on
the contrary, is probably the worst Ku-Klux infested
County, after Spartansburg, in the State. It was in
Union that the wholesale alaughter of the negroes
confined in the jail took place last March, and the
poor blacks in that County have been terribly har
assed by whippings and murders since then, not
withstanding the presence at the County seat of
United States troops sent for their protection.
At last there is a sensible move which shows a
little intelligence, at least, brought to bear upon the
Labor Question. Some of the manufacturing ocor
porations of Lowell have adopted the system of pay
ing workmen by the hour, allowing each ome to
decide how many hours he will work beyond the
regular time. Whenever corporations may require
extra work, if the workmen decline to engage in it,
as they will have a perfect right to do, is will not be
dificult to find substitutes. Now, is not this better
than to pass a law compelling man or #oman to
work only eight hous per diem, whatever may be
his or hor wishes?

MR. O'CONOR'S CAMPAIGN AGAINST THE
RING.
Mase VV VVAaVe oO amis aun NIAANO A A RAS
RING.
Charles O'Conor has decided mot to make
public at present his plans for the prosecution of those
who have defrauded the City Treasury, as it would me
terially binder their accomplishment. Mr. 0'Coner has
associated with himeelf Wheeler H. Peckham, Wiliam
M. Evarts, and Judge Emmott, the first mentioned belsg
Democrat and the two latter Republicans. It was Mr,
O’Conor’s desire that both parties should be represented
in the struggle for municipal reform, and that no iavill
fous distinctions should be made. The ocounse! have
opened a bureau in the building tn which Mr. 0’Conor’s
office is sitanted, at No. 50 Wall-st., where all the papers
and general machinery of the suits will beprepared. Ia
addition to the counse! already mentioned, Mr. O’Conor
will be assisted by a number of others who will no appear
in the bureau, and whose names he dos not care to make
known yet. He promises vigorous prosscution of ail
detrauders of the Municipal Government.
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER OF THE COMMITTES
OF BEVENTY,
The Sub-Committee on Elections of the Com
mittee 0f Bevénty mot last evening and reported gratify
ing progress in relation to the results of their conference
with delegations opposed to Tammany Hall, and the
prospects of having an honest canvass of the votes
polled on election day.
Wm. M. Fleiss has sent in his resignation as member
of the Committee of Seventy, in consequence of baving
been drawn upon the Grand Jury.
TTI _——_—
KEYSER'S FORGED VOUCHERS.
THE WARRANTS FOUND IN THE CHAMBEELAIN'S
OFFICE~LIST OF THE VOUCHERS FOR WHICH
AMOUNTS WERE FORGED.
Although it is supposed that the vouchers of
John H. Keyser Co. were among those which were de
stroyed by H.gerty, and that the evidence they con
tained against the Ring wae lost, the warrants have boon
found and examined, and yesterday Mr. Keyser pro
nounced the signature of his firm on them to be gross
forgeries. It is already known that Mr. Keyser furnished
duplicates and triplicates of his bills to County Auditor
Watson on the representation of the latter, and of KE. A.
Woodward, at the time clerk of the Old Board of Buper
visors, thas the originals had been lost, The frequency
of application from Watson, for biils which he sald kad
been lost, is stated by Mr. Keyser to have greatly annoyed
him at times, but he seems never to have suspeoted that
any misuse of them could be or was made. The vouchers
were not, therefore, exactly forged, though shanges in
the amounts appear. In some instances these were bon
estly made, the duplicate bill being made out with addi
L

tional charges for later work, done after the original was
rendered. But the forgeries on the warrauis issued for
these duplicated and triplicated bills were actual and
positive, and it is understood that more than ome sur
vivor of the rascally County Auditor is equally guilty
with him in the crime. Woodward and Garvey have
doubtless fled, Watson is dead, but the gulitiest man of
them all, it ia said, still maintains bis place and office.
The following 11st of vouchers is said to be those for
which the warrants are issued
18698.
Jase 7—FPor Plamblag and Oas-work in the New Court
House, Sept. 9, 1863, to May 15, 1969........ su 000
July 16—For Plumbing. &ke., in County baildiugs from Oct.
Sept. 17—For Plembiay snd Gas-work ia County Court
Oct. 28—For Plambin and hs hom Joh Ss Sun lp i
TRY
i from Jaly to Oct ere. NMG
Nov. 19—For Plumbing. &e., in County Court rooms and
nay Offers, from Ang, $12 Bot 11, a... IU HU
ov. 0 Repal Court-reoms
y Offieen, from Nov. 29, 1688... .....c00vrerienn,s  SLAGL
Dee. 10—For Plumbing and Gas-work in County Ceurt
rooms sod Oflces, from July 14 te Sov,
Dea. 23—For Flumbiig, ke., In Cusaty Osart-rooms and
Offices, from Feb. 3 to Oct. 11, 1588........... 19,808 3
Dec. 20—For Plambing, ke, ia County Court-roems snd
Offices, from Jaa. 5% April 13, 1868.......... 933008
Fob, 27—For Plumbing snd Gas-work in Armories, from
Dec. 23, 1868, to Feb. 10, 1889................ 31.941 8
Reb. 27—Fer Same, from Och. 24, 1068, to Feb. 6, 1999... 32.454
May 12—For Bame, from Feb. 10, 1569, te March 6, 1069... 19,997 M4
Fopt. 20—For Same, from May 7, 1809, to June 29, 1860... $53 NM
Oct. 2—For Same, from March 16, 1389, to June 20, 1863.. 15,637 a
1870.
March 7—For Plambing-work in County Offices, &e., from
Jan. 3, 18oY, to April 20, 1869................ 33,388
March 31—For Plambing-work and Repairs ia Armories sad
Drill-rooms, from Iga 4, 1869, to Nouv, 29,1968, 25.960 97
May 23—For Same, from May 1869, to March 16, 1870. 3.067 MW
May 23—For Same, from Feb. 34, 1858, to Apel 3, o70., 28,083
June  6—For Bame, from June 5, 1869, to Feb. 15, 1870... 11.309 41
Juma 6—For Same, from May 26, 1859, to Mareh 19, 19%. 117%
June  G—Por Bame, from June 10, 1869, to M. 13,328 31
June 20—For Plumbing work in armeries Lr hg
from Sept. 30, 1069, to Nov. 5, 1488, 50.963 0
June ¥7—VFor Same, from May 19, 1869, to July 17, 1869.., 44.33% a
July 8—For Same. trom April 3, 1860, to June 10, 1368... 923
Aug. 1—For Plamhing-work in County offices and buildings
Ang. 13—For Plumbing work in County offices and buildings
G30 0
from May 4 to Jaiy 13, 1869......0.0000000.0. 53000 48
Total Orgeries.. covenee.
sreeesne S517,844 7
The warrants for these amounts were paid by the
Ring concern, the Tenth National Bank, against the
stockholders of which action to recover is to be takes.
The bank-teller who paid the warrants was suspicious of
the indorsement, and in some instances declined pay
ment until Watson or some other official of the Contrsi
icr's Department had assured him that they were cox.
rect. Ile then took the precaution of placing the iniSlale
of the persons vouching for their correctness on tho back
.f the warrant. Atthe end of each month, the warrants
were «ont to the City Chamberlain, there to he filed but
he does not seem to have suspected the forgeries. Hie fall
ure to return them as forgeries is now olaimed by the
bank officials aa releasing them from all obligation oe
responsibility in the matter.
ln.
THREATENED IMPEACHMENT OF CON
TROLLER CONNOLLY.
The anxiety of the Ring to remove Conmn
troller Connolly has long been apparent, and at various
times rumors have been set afloat that Mayor Hall ine
tended to arrest him for various offenses and, again, to
impeach him. The absence of a number of Judges of
the State Courts in Europe, and the impossibility of ob.
taining a full bench before which to impeach the Conm
troller has been stated in explanation of the delay. The
return of one of these officials on Baturday has revived
the rumors of impeachment, and it was understood thas
one of the gravest charges to be brought against Mr,
Connolly would be based on the alleged violation of the
tax law of 1870, passed April 28. One section of this law
forbids the Controller issuing any greater amount of the
acoumulatcd debt bonds of the city than are safficient to
pay the adjusted claims of the old Street and Croton
Aquednct Departments, at the time of their abolition, or
to adjust olaima put into suit against the Mayor. Is Is
claimed that ,sinoe the passage of this act the Con‘rollsr
has iseued $3,500,000 of the bonds, although the olaims
against the Street and Aqueduct Departments did not
amount to more than $135,000. Of the sum thus illegally
raised $3,193,000 are said to bave been as illegally paid
out by the Controller.
Since Andrew J. Garvey fled from the wrath
which Le evidently thought was coming, rumors have
now and then heen set afioat that various others of the
members of the ring had preparsd for flight. The latest
names used in these vague reports were those of Inger
soll and E. A. Woodward. It was said that Ingersoll
was preparing to settle abroad, and in another land en
joy the fruits of his labor and cunning in this, but what
truth there is in the statement no one, save the historical
furniture man, knows. There is also a rumor afloat that
the delay of the decision in his case is in
some way connected with an intended Sighs,
but this would imply that Judge Ingrabam
18 a party to the transaction, and this no one oan credit
for moment, The only denial which Ingersoll makes
to these reports is by his presence at his stores and of
fices at bis usual hours. As years ago he imitated Tweed
80 ho does to-day, and affects the imperturbability as
sumed by his master, Yesterday, Mr. Ingersoll visited
his furniture store on the Bowery, and then visited the
down-town offices with which he is connected.
TAR TRIBUNE reporter, in search of Mr. Woodward,
could find neither the man himeel! Dor any one who had
seen him for weeks, snd since his name 1s included in the
reported flights, it is not unlikely that he has gone fo
join bis friend Garvey, is Newfoundland, where there
are neither robbers nor anything worth the predatory
address of the master minds of modern times in thelr
peculiar line of the profession.”

DILEMMA OF THE DOCK DEPARYMENT—AN, IN
DIGNATION MEETING HELD BY THE ‘OM
MISSIOWERS,
The Auditing Committee reported to the
Dock Commissioners, yesterday, as follows:
That on Aug. 51 there wes in the
Smith, Nessuror, balanee of Bo
whari-rents during y 0; from
E. J. Kotoltas, as of Flee
E.R. unt: in on
National Bank, eed 68
the same Lng aS Jes 3 Sheths sol lt
Bea elo). Py, Commas or
A
for
w, ie
Ainking Fund, Rey fr ios Moser $51,511 01.
Balance, Bept. 3, $04,531 64.
Commissioner Wood said that the balance o! Sept. 30
did not show the real @nancial condition of tho Depart:
went. The unpaid bliss for work actually doe and ma
terial furnished, all of which Lad been rigidly audited
THE RING ROBBERIES.

THEY FIIOHT OF THE RING.
THE FINAKCIAL PROBLEM.