THE MORNIN®STAR
VOL. V. NO. 8
TELEGRAMS
TO THE HORNING STAR.
(ST AMKRICAN PRESS ASSOCIATION.]
CABLE DIBPATOHES.
CONDITION OF THE PRINCE.
Sleep and a Less Restless
The German- Con
suJar Treaty Signed.
SPANISH POLITICAL ADVICE 3
FROM WASHINGTON
Business InCongreas Yesterday
New York Local Matters
Home News ol Interest.
ENGLAND’S I’KINCE.
JLateat Notes from Sandringham.
HOPEFUL INDICATION.
London, Dec* 13.—A bulletin from Sand*
ringham, timed at ten o’clock thia evening,
chronicles the Prince of Wales as having passed
a less unquiet evening.
“NATURE'S SWEET RESTORER.”
London, Dec, 14—1:30 a. m.—The latest ac
counts from Sandringham, timed one o'clock
this morning, report the Prince lesa restless.
He has obtained short intervals of repose
during the night.
Treaty feigned.
Berlin, Dec. 13.—The German-American
Consular Treaty was signed in this city on Mon
day last.
Cortes Dissolution Imminent
Madrid, Dec. 13.—The dissolution of the
Cortes is regarded as imminent. It is believed
tie King will shortly order a fresh election for
Deputies.
»BOW WASHINGTON.
The Civil S-ervice Commission.
Washington, D. C., Dec. 13.—The adminis
tration organ to-day, declares that tho Civil
Service Commission is a failure. Members 01
Ue Commission indignantly deny tho asser
Lon.
Senatorial Feeling.
There is much feeling among the Republican
Senators growing out of the debate to-day.
Formidable movements are progressing to
induce the government to change its Cuban
polioy. Secretary Fish, who is for peace, op
poses the movement.
XLIId coMOßES*~Skcomd BBsatox.
A bill passed providing for the deficiency in
the census appropriation.
Mr. Anthony oflared a resolution for a stand
ing investigating committee of seven.
Mr. Trumbull moved to amend that the com
mittee be required to report what cfli ;es should
be abolished. what salaries reduced, and have
leave to sit during recess.
resolution was adopted, instructing the
Commissioner of Pensions to itquire into tire
accounts of agents with a view of preventing
further peculations.
The debate on Mr. Trumbull’s retrenchment
proposition was then resumed, which con
tinued with much bitterness on both sides until
4 p. m., when the Senate adjourned without ac
t on.
Mr. Banks reported bill appropriating sixty
two thousand dollars for the expenses of the
British-American Claims Commission. Referred
to the committee of tne whole.
Mr. Hoar, from the education committee, re
ported a bill for the appointment by the Presi
dent, with the advice of the Senate, of a
commission of three tor two years, unless
the duties were sooner accomplished to inves
tigate the subject of waxes end hours of labor,
the division of joint profits of labor and capital
and social education, and the sanitary condition
ot the laboring classes of the United States,and
show how the same are affected by existing
laws regulating, commerce and currency, the
commissioners to receive a salary ot $5OOO each,
and may employ a clerk.
Mr. Marshall's amendment to the apportion-
ment bill, providing for minority representa
tion, was rejected.
Mr. Butler submitted a provision that Con
gressional elections be held on the same day in
every State, to take effect in 1875, but after a
snort discussion theproposal was laid aside.
At 4 N p. m., the House adjourned.
MEW PORK CITY.
Naw Toax, Doo. IS.-The affairs of all the
National baaka are being investigated.
The eighth National Bank reported in dl«
Night.
GERMANY.
R PAI IV.
Cuban Policy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13, 1871
senate
House.
Bambtaar Affßaln.
culty is represented as follows: Assets, $155,-
000; liabilities, 0584,000.
Mr. Davis, the receiver of the Ocean Bank,
this afternoon made a statement showing the
liabilities at |1 315,708 07, and the assets at $3,-
015,947; ail probably good.
The President oi the Tenth National Bank,
denies suspension of the bank
The Internationale Meanest.
The delegates ot the Internationals Interview
ed Gov. Hoffman at Albany this afternoon. He
promised to communicate a decision to-night.
FIKE FL4BRES.
Flames in Paterson. N.J.
Patbrson, N.J., Dec. 13.—The Franklin
Manufacturing Company buildings were totally
burned, in this place, to-day. The loss will
reach $150,000. There is insurance in New
York and Hartford companies.
FINANCIAL, .RktOllD
Metropolitan Evontnw S.mmarr.
New York. Dec. 13. troll Street. 6 p.m.—
Money was easy at 6 and 7 per cent.
Exchange closed dull from 109 to 100 1-8,
Gold closed dull.
Governments were strong and higher.
Stocks closed flrm and higher.
Mrs. Lincoln will pass the winter in Florida.
Liverpool has a female vigilance committee.
There are eighteen inches of snow in the pine
woods of Minnesota.
For the first time m sixteen years there is not
a Washburn in Congress.
People who drink beer do not necessarily be
long to the Sons of Malt-a.
The private art galleries of New York city
are worth nearly a million dollars.
Thirty-six thousand persons are receiving
temporary relief in Brooklyn, N. Y.
Alexis has telegraphed for Dnvogalsoff to
come and join his suite immediately.
“Words that burn”—all Mr. Collyer’s ser
mons were destroyed by the Chicago fire.
A Scotch, minister refused baptism to the
child of a man who sells milk on Sunday.
The Russian government has recently given
women who own properly the right to vote.
The bane of a Montreal man’s life is a Miss
Bain, who sues him for breach of promise.
The thermometer at Sheldon, Vt., last Wed
nesday morning marked twenty degrees below
sero.
The latest ear-rings are in the shape of a
man-of-war, with the name of Alexis on the
stern.
In one place in Chicago, 8000 stoves fused
during the fire, and they are now blasting them
apart.
LOCAL NKWB.'
A Caso for Cflicsr Bunt.
The Central Station was the scene of a pleas*
ant occasion lastevening, which Is evidence ot
the fraternal feelinge that prevail among the
guardians of the peace. At l>alf*past six
o’clock a number of the police assembled in
Captain Ayer’s office at the station, and officer
Hunt was invited, being informed that there
was a cate which required his attention. When
ho appeared among his group of friends and
comrades, Officer Horton, Clerk of Police,
stepped forward and addressed him in the fol
lowing complimentary and felicitous terms:
MR. HORTON’S SPEECH.
Officer Hunt—A. number of your follow oil!
cere and friends desirous of giving expression
to their regard for you as an officer and per
sonal friend, have obtained this gun case to
present to you as a token of their esteem and a
remembrance of the many pleapant hours we
have passed together in official and social rela
tions. This feeling has prompted them topre
sent you with this evidence or their regard with
the hope that nothing will ever occur to mar or
destroy this friendship. When you visit the
prairies in search of game, or settle down on
your western farm, this case will serve to re
mind you that your friends in the east still re
member you. Please accept it with
their best wishes for your future prosperity
OFFICER HUNT’S REPLY.
Brother Officers and Friends:
I atn very happily surprised indeed in being
made the recipient of so beautiful and accepta
ble a gift at your hands. While lam very de
sirous of giving a proper expressisn to my
gratitude on this occasion, I am at a loss for
words that will convey a Just appreciation of
my feelings. But as 1 look upon your pleasant
faces and this valuable token of your esteem, I
feel that I must at least endeavor to thank you
in words that have a proper bearing upon this
case You could not have selected a more
beautiful or pleasing gilt to present me, or one
that would have given me more satisfaction.
I assure you that as long as I live I shall keep
and cherish it As a memento of your friend
ship and good will. Whenever I use it, it will
recall this pleasant scene, and revive the mem
ory of the pleasant faces of the friends who
made this gift, by whom 1 am sur
rounded, and whose respect I shall always
strive to deserve and retain. Accept with my
heartfelt thanks my best wishes for the future
prosperity and welfare of the donors, one and
all.
The present is neat and quite valuable, and
bears appropriate engraving. After the pre
sentation, upon invitation of Officer Hunt, the
company repaired to Harris’s oyster rooms, on
College street, where they partook of supper,
and after the interchange of courtesies, sepa
rated, apparently highly pleasod with the social
event of the evening. The deserved compli-
ment paid Officer Hunt, forms a pleasant and
gratifying episode In his official career.
Presentation.—Mr. John A. Emery, who
recently resigned his position as Superintend
ent of Durfee Mill No. 1, to take charge of the
new Slade mill, was on Saturday evening last
made the recipient of a visit, at hie residence,
from the overseers and help of the Durfee mill,
who took the occasion to present him with a
splendid gold watch, as a testimonial of the
respect and kind feeling which they entertained
toward him. The presentation was made by
Mr Joseph Stanwood in an appropriate speech,
to which Mr. Emery happily responded. A
cigar stand was also presented to Mr. Emery
bv the ke>P°» e o,ott r f >o I, L‘
The evening was very pleasantly passed, and
the JSmpany retired highly pleased with their
I vleitaad gratified nt th* opportunity they had
enjoyed of thus taeUfyingtbe oetoem wnlch
tbav entertained for their late Superintendent.
I —Jfsms.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1871.
rail River.
CITY UOV
MooS'nc of tbo Mayer an« Board of
Aidermen.
The Mayor and Board of Aidermen met in
their chamber yesterday. at three o’clock.
Present—the full Board.
The monthly mporte of the City Treasurer.
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department, and
the Harbor Master, were reoeivod in concur-
I*MMe
The resolution to receive Sprague street and
declare it a public highway, was adopted.
The resolution to pay 1100 to Broadway Bap
tist Church, as a compensation tor damages
caused by an overflow of water, was passed in
concurrence.
Resolutions were passed in concurrence re
mitting taxes erroneously assessed upon Frank
Brastow, trustee; Erastus Edwards, Charles
Gorton, Louisa Miller, and F. E. Richmond.
Permission was given to the Talbot Bros, to
remove a wooden bolding, and to William A.
Monroe to raise a wooden betiding.
The committee on highways reported that the
work of grading Aborn street had been sus
pended in accordance with the petition referred
to lhem. a
The City Engineer presented a report opon
the sundry encroachments unon sidewalks com
plained of by the Chiet of Police. Laid on the
table.
The petition to receive Hudson sireot as a
public highway was referred to the committee
on streets.
Aiderman Brayton made a motion to appoint
commissioners to lay out Superior street at a
uniform width of forty feet, which motion pre
vailed, and the following named gentlemen
were appointed: C. N. Harringlvn, Janies C.
Hidden. Charles E. Paine, G. A. Williamson
and E. s. Rhodes.
The Surveyor of Highways was ordered to re
move all obstructions on South street, from
Eddy street to trie harbor line.
The Water Commissioners wore authorised
to construct sewers on Angell and Meeting
•trMlSs
The Superintendent of Lights, Chas. Smith.
B resented bls annual teport for the year ending
»ec. Ist, 1871. Received and ordered to be
printed. Whole number of lights Deo. Ist, 1871,
•23ti;gas, 1640; fluid, 683; established during
the year, MS: expenses for the year ending
Dec. Ist, 1871, r.»,874 «n. The expenses for
1870 were f100,C>66 05; and for 1889, *70,710 05.
A communication was received from A.C.
Barstow, notifying the Board that ho was con
templating the’ erection of a fire proof store
house on the “Calender Lot,” so called, having
a front at least three hundred feet on Cove
street. The proposed change by widening,
straightening and extending Cove street
would carry the street at least one hun
dred feet norths at the point of the contem
plated improvement, and If the Board had any
plan for changing the street, he would willing
ly confer with a committee respecting it at an
early day. If it is deferred until the improve
ments are made he would find it necessary to
oppose the change. The communication was
referred to the Cove Land Commissioners.
The committee on city property was instruct
ed to enquire into the expediency of purchas
ing the land ofWm. J. Harris, south side of the
Central Bridge.
The change of the name of West Elmwood
Avenue, was referred to Alderman Daboil.
The change of the names of Hemlock and
Mumford streets was referred to Alderman
S, The ÜBoard U Board then adjourned to meet Monday
next at p. m-
THE COI’HIS.
Court of Common Plena.
(Before Justice Burges.)
Wednesday. Dec. 13,
John Cassidy vs. John Hurns, Verdict for
defendant.
J.B. Gurney A Co. vs. Isaac Jaconet. Ver
dict for plaintiffs for amount claimed.
Ruth 8. Pike et al. vs. Henry M. Pollard.
TJis Is an action of trespass and ejectment
brought to recover possession of land. It is
alleged that the plaintiffs are seized and pos
sessed of ccrtkln land in North Providence that
the defendant, woo owns land adjoining the
plaintiffs, entered upon plaintiffs’ land some
time in the year 1870, and run a fence across a
portion of the sama, thus depiiving the plain
tiffs of the use and enjoyment ot tho same. De
fence not disclosed. W. W. Douglass for plain
tiffs G. L. Sayles for defendant.
The Grand Jury, after presenting the Indict
ments found by them at this term of tho Court,
complained to the Court, through their fore
man, that the rooms provided for the accommo
dation of the Grand Inquest of this county are
wholly inadequate and unfit for tho purpose;
that the rooms are so exposed as to render it
impossible for the Grand Jury to pursue their
Investigations with secrecy that the rooms are
so contracted that they do not afford comfort
able sittings, and that the ventilation is so In
adequate that the health of persons sitting in
said rooms ns Grand Juryman is seriously
Jeopardized by being confined In them. Tho
Court acknowledged in fitting terms the Justice
of the complaints of the Grand Jury, but Inti
mated its want of power to remedy the difficul
ties complianed of, and suggested that the legis
lature has the entire control of such matters.
Ruth 8. Pike et al vs. Henry N. Pollard. Do
fence—That the defendant haa committed no
trespaas because the fence waa bulk on the line
between the two estates; that plaintiff assent
ted to tho defendant’s putting up a temporary
fence to keep thecattlo of plaintiff’s from going
upon defendant’s land. W. W. Douglas for
plaintiffs, G. L. Sayles for defendant.
The Court adjourned till to-morrow, Thurs
day, at o’clock.
The following numbers on the old docket
original actions Will be in order for trial to
morrow, Thursday: 3527, 3532, 3533, 3540, 3544,
3558, 3585, 35«7.
Cowrt off Manlstf atee.
George F. Munroe was examined for an as
sault on George Smith. That tho assault was a
violent one was evident from the appearance of
the beaten party whose head was badly
bruised and swollen. This respondent was
found guilty and sentenced to one month in Jail,
from which be appealed to the March term of
the Court nt Common Pleas, and gave bail in
the sum of 8500.
Thomas Kenney was convicted of the theft of
a coat, cap and a pair of gloves valued at|B
from Jacob T. Barstow, and sentenced to Jail
lor tbirtv days.
John Welch was convicted ut on two com
plaints for selling liquor, and fined <2O and costa
and ten days imprisonment upon one. while the
sentence was suspended upon the other on bis
promise that no more liquor should be sold on
bls premises.
Ann Miner was recognized to appear ou Sat
urday upon a similar complaint.
A complaintot the same nature against Jane
Murphy was also continued to the same time.
Matthew Murphy waived examination on the
charge of stealing a watch from Stephen B.
Gardner, and waa committed to await trial at
he higher court.
Toltec C««rt.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 13.
All the cases before the Conrt thia morning
are of partlee charged with having been iada
eastly intoxicated. _
Fines of two dollars wars imposed upon Mea-
Wednesday, Dec. 13.
ry Lotbrop, Felix Crowther, Beniamin Palmer,
Barney 8 eaoa, Joseph Brooks, William Gns
sell and Thomas Gorman.
Royal Hall raeelved a fine of 83. and Patrick
Harrington, James McCanna and James Sulli
van, to each.
Peace Dale.
Tub Tbmpbbancb Pboplb who assembled
together in large numbers at daaard'a Hall, I
last Saturday evening, were called to order
shortly alter 7 o’clock by Bev. Geo. W. Fisher
of this village, who acted as chairman. Rev.
Lyman Partridge of Wakefield offered prayer,
after which the popular Roger Williams Band
of thia village, which was present, and without
which a rally would be Incomplete, played one
of its finest selections. Next came a song from
the Temperance Choir, which has become Quite I
celebrated lately for its line vocal music. This
being done, the chairman Introduced to the au
dience Mr, C. A. Webster of Providence, who
epoke ou the evils of intemperance. His ro»
marks were well received, and had groat effect
on the crowded audience present. A declama
tion entitled the •'Robin’s Song,” by Miss Cora
Fisher, and the song by Mr. John Morgan, I
“Throw Down the Bottle," wore very Interest
ing, and were received with great applause.
The chairman next introduced Mr. Henry 8.
Woodworth of Providence, who referred to his
oast experience as an example of ono that
“knew how it was himself” to be intemperate.
His remarks had a stirring effect, and were
listened to with no ordinary interest. Next
1 osmo somo excellent mucic by the Band, from
a new piece called Olivet Temple Quickstep,
composed by Mr. Jarnos Carpenter, leader o<
the Band, and dedicated to the Oli
vet Temple of Honor of this village,
who have the thanks of our citizens for the no
bio work they are so thoroughly pursuing for
tbecanseof temperance. Aitor the music wns
over, Mr. Webster again came lorward, and in
the course ol hie remarks related the history ol
a certain young man in his city, showing how
low he had got in the depths of intemperance,
and bow ho bad wished and devised that he
might refrain, but ae yet of no avail. But still
be had hopes that without censing In hts ef
forts, he should yet reap the reward and eave
the young man from a drunkard’s grave. Those
last remarks had great impression upon thn au
dience, who gave the beet of attention. Alter
Mr. Webster had finished, a duett, by Misses
Halewell, was sung, which was received with
mush applause. The exorcises of tho evening
then closed bv music from tho band, which
ended tho second grand temperance rally,
equally if not moro successful than tho ono
preceding it, about two weeks since.
The Temple of Honor of onr village again
deserve tho thanks of our community under
whose auspices the above, as well as tho previ
ous rally was gotten up.
Knights Tbmplar —At a regular Assembly
of Woonsocket Commandcry Knights Templar,
hold in Masonic Hall, in lids village, Tuesday
evening, Deb. Bth, a nice solid gold Past Com
mander’s Jewel was presented to Sir Knight 8.
W. usee, of Providence. Alter the presenta
tion and response, the Assembly dissolved, and
all repaired to Messrs. Cook, Mason A Co.’s
hotel, where a nice turkey supper had been
prepared, and was awaiting their advent. Eat
ing and speaking was tho order of the evening-
A very enjoyable timn was passed at the table.
After they were sated with eating and speak
ing, singing and Jesting, they reluctantly wend
ed their way homewards. The following is the
presentation speech. It war made by Mr.
Amos Sherman, in a very feeling and elegant
manner, and was very happily replied to by
Mr. Razee:
Sir Knight Raskk,—ln thia world. where
selfishness la lhe moat prominent trait exhib
ited In human character, nothing la more lovely I
or commendable than an unselfish fidelity in
lhe discharge of duty. Especially is thia the
fact when the performance of such duty Is in I
connection with the highest post of honor In an I
Institution like ours, where our prosperity and
harmony are almost entirely dependent upon
the executive ability and fraternal demeanor of
Its presiding officer, and sir, we Joel that wo
should be false to ourlelvos. recreant to the
ennobling principles of Knight Templarism,
did we not appreciate such services, wherever
and whenever rendered. With such sentiments
as these, the members of this Commandcry
Kivc commissioned me to perform the very
casant duty of expressing to you, our Past
ost Eminent Commander, our grateful appre
ciation of your official services. We are not at
this time unmlndlul of lhe promptness and
ability which characterized your work In the
dills rent Orders; we forget not the frankness
and Knightly courtesy which were over so ap
parent In your intercourse with your compan
ions, not only within the secret precincts of our
Asvium, bnt abroad in the public walks ot life.
We remember your untiring exertions which
contributed so largely to the well being and
harmony of our Commandery—for all this we
are graifful and, Sir Knight Razee, as a slight
expression of our gratitude, In behalf of your
brothers and companions, members of Woon
socket Commandcry of Knights Templar, I pre
sent you this Past Commander’s Jewel; we
trust you will accept it, not alone as an ex
pression of our grateful appreciation of your
services as presiding officer of onr Com
mandery, but more especially as a mark of our
particular esteem and Friendship. Though
thus tardily bestowed, it is a conclusive proof
to you that the lapse of time cannot efface the
feeling of kind regard which your companions
bear toward you. As in the future you may
have occasion to wear or to look upon thia
Golden Emblem, may It remind you of the
happy relation and pleasant ties which exist
between yourself and the cheerful donors. In
conclusion, we venture to express the hope that
you may discharge Che duties of life a* faith
fully as you have those of presiding omoer of
our Commandery, and when the Divine Com
mander shall send his Warder to summon you
from your earthly Pilgrimages, may 7°“
blessed with the consciousness of a well H>cni
life, and with the hope of a glorious immortality
in lhe Asylnm above. _
Educational —Commissioner Bicknell will
address the citizens of Cumberland at Rar.ee A
Thompson’s Hall, at Diamond Hill, on Thurs
day evening, at half-past seven. Subject:
Duties of Parents to the School.
Prof. P. H. Kile, of Westerly, will speak at
Ashton on Friday evening, at half-past seven.
An examination of teachers, as candidates
for State certificates, will be held at Central
Falls, on Friday, at Ip.m. Certificates will be
given for primary, Intermediate, grammar and
high grades of schools. The examination will
not Interfere with the exercises of the Teachers’
Institute, to be held at the same place on Fri
day and Saturday of this week.
Prof. J.C. Greenough, of the State Normal
School, gave the first lecture of his course on
Minerals to the Teachers* Association of Bos
ton on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Greenough
gives the same lecture to the graduating class
at the State Normal School the present term.
We understand that the liberal proceeds from
the Boston lecture are to be devoted to the ad
dition of now materials to the Normal School
Deportment of Mineralogy.
Woonsocket
PRICE ONE CENT.
MM> MBItTINU IM MU«IC HILL.
firemen Wy Dr. IS. I«. Moody wadi
Olliers.
The unfavorable state of the weather, last
evening, doubtless deterred many tiom attend
ing the maos meeting In Music Hall, who other
wise would probably have been present; but,
nevertheless, a numerous audience assembled
on the occasion, and considerable Interest was
manifested fa the proceedings. Before the
opening of the meeting, Mr. F. F. Tingley en
tertained the audience with some choice selec
tions on the organ, and about eight o'clock Mr.
C. Barstow opened tho meeting with ooms
introductory remarks.
The lecturer of the evening, Mr. D. L.
Moody, la by no means a stranger, but has
many friends here. He is a New England man
and something like 15 years ago went west to
engage m business, locating in Chicago. Hie
heart was deeply impressed with a desire to go
down among the masses, and much ot his time
was spent in this work until he frit called to
give up business and devote hit time and
strength to Mission work entirely. Our peo
ple know something of the result. He was tor
several years President of tho Chicago Y. M.
C. A.and through his efforts principally, a fine
Association building was erected containing
all the necessary apartments for carrying on
their aggressive warfare against evil, also tho
largest hall In that city, having a seating ca
pacity of about 3 000. This building was at
once the centre of religious work, for several
years, until the devouring flames came and laid
it low. Mr. Moody at once found friends ready
to assist tn rebuilding it. Again the work goes
on as before, Mr. Moody speaking to crowded
houoos each Sabbath evening, and under his
direction tho young men were sent out into the
highways nnd hedges to seek out the wander
ere. It is well known through the whole coun
try that this work has been most successful.
Mr. Moody was also deeply interested in the
Mission Sunday School work and had gath
ered a large school of more than a thousand
children, also a large, independent, working,
church.
When the recent groat fire name upon that
city, the groat Association building, tho Mis
sion chapel, Mr. Moodvts house, together with
all tho rost wore consumed.
Mr. Moody is spondidb.a few wonks oast
speaking to crowded houses. It Is his strong
faith and simple love of truth, that gives him
such powor wherever ho goes.
Mr. C. M. Morton, of the "Illinois Mission,”
will accompany Mr. Moody, and apeak
Wednesday evening in Music Hall.
Mr. Moody was Introduced by Mr. A. C. Bar
stow. and gave an interesting account of the
late lire in Chicago, tho terrible devastation it
caused, and described the condition of things
In that city at tho present Mme. He made a
strong appeal for aid in behalf of the destitute
persons in Chicago, and stated tho religious
wants of tho community.
At the conclusion or Mr. Moody’s address,
Mr. C. M. Morton, of the "Illinois Mission” de
livered an effective addfess.
Mr. Moody received some liberal subscrip
tions for the prosecution of bls benevolent
cause, and a lively interest has evidently been
created in tho missionary work.
Fire ok bkow Strbet.— About half-past
nine o’clock last evening, an nlarni of Uro was
Bounded from Box <U, by G. M. Ardoene, who
dlocovered a Are in the furniture establishment
of Messrs. Maneboater ft Cory, corner of West
minster and Bnow streets. The fire depart
ment quickly responded to the alarm, and
In three minutes after the streams were
let on the flames wore subdued. The
Are originated in the store room on Snow
street, where there was a considerable quan
tity of what la termed excelsior mattrass,
lounge, and chair stuffing. and also a number
of unfinished articles of furniture. The ma
terial was very combustible in its natnre, and
In a remarkably short space of time the store
room was In flames. Fortunately, however,
the fire did not extend to the upner story,
which contained many superb and valuable
articles of furniture, but wan confined to the
store room, the entire oontenta of which were
completely destroyed. After the flames were
subdued, Are still smouldered in the “excel
sior” stuffing, and the Aremen were occu
pied some ton or fifteen minutes in
raking It into the street, where the embers
were quickly smothered. The volumes of
smoko which Issued forth entered the upper
story and damaged the furniture slightly. The
entire loss in probably fifiOO, which is more than
covered by insurance. The building is of
brick and Is owned by Mr. Alexander Man
chester of the firm. The first story and part
of the second was occupied by Messrs. Man
chester A Cory, and the offices in the second
story by some physicians. The building and
stock are insured in the following com
panies: Narraganeett. of Providence, Ph<R
rlx of N. Y., National of Boston, Union of
Boston, and Franklin of Philadelphia. The
fire is supposed to have been caused by an in
cendiary, which supposition is derived from
the iaet that a window was broken and a light
ed match or paper thrown among the stuffing,
might easily have been done without detection.
The supposition of Incendiarism is strength
ened by the fact that an officer passed by the
place at half-past eight o’clock, and found
everything apparently all right, and that no
stove has ever been kept in the room.
Union Rbvival Mkbttnos.—The meeting in
the Richmond street Free Church, last even
ing, although the audience was not large,
was very Interesting, and Mr. Hammond spoke
effectually from the text 21 Samuel, chap, fv.,
David’s kindness to Mephlboshelh for Jona
than’s sake.
Mr. Holman, pastor of the Stewart street
Baptist Church, made an Interesting address
at the dose of the sermon, after which a sec
ond meeting was hold, and the greater portion
of the audience remained.
The largest morning prayer meeting held for
the past six weeks, was held yesterday in the
Stewart street Baptist Church. Bov. Mr. Ham
mond preaches again in the Richmond street
Church this evening*
This evening, al quarter to seven o’clock, a
young ladies’ ptayer mooting will bo bold in
the vootry of the Richmond street Free Chnhm.
led by one of the young converts.