2
S!]r BcpnMnm.
SPRINGFIKLiD. DECEMBER 22, ^S7L_
The tirur*> <'»i»wn<wio» nnd She Wa»h-
Iniiivn lrv«ly.
On Monday lax,thel *tH in« th« months
allowed by the treaty of Washington forourgov
emment to put in its "case bttoro the Geneva
arbitrators expired, an i the important document,
with the seven volumes or papers areompany
in:, which Mr Bancroft Davis has been at work
upon w IMU 1 1 flw
members of the 1 meva commission. These gen
tlemen are Mr C. F. Adams on the part of the
United State’. S r Aiexstider Cockburn repre
senting Great Britain, .Ucoh Staemptli, or Ei
umpfli, on the partof Switzerland, Count Setopis
representing Italy, and Senor Ararjo, now known
as the baron of Itnbaya, for Brazil. The
“case” of the United States, as laid before them,
though nominally prepared by Mr Ban
croft Davis, has in fact been revised and in
good part suggested, we understand, by abler
men, among whom Judge Hoar, Mr R. H. Dana,
Jr., Dr Woolsey and W. B. Lawrence have been
named. According to a correspondent of the
New York World, it makes a volume of 500 pages,
is printed in English, French and Portuguese,
and is supported or flanked by seven large vol
umes of documentary matter of all kinds. The
first of the seven contains the diplomatic corres
pondence on rebel belligerency and the English
neutrality laws; the hec nd the correspondence
about rebel operations in Canada, the vessels
Vesuvius, Ampbion, Hawk, Ajax, and Hercules,
the Virginia, Pampero, Phantom, and Southern
er, Alexandra, Laird’s iron-clads, Sumter, Nash
ville, Florida, Georgia, and Rappahannock; the
third has the correspondence respecting the Ala
bama, the Tallahassee and Shenandoah, and
also negotiations concerning claims. The fourth
volume contains proclamations and declarations
of powers other than Great Britain, issued subse
quently to the queen’s proclamation of neutral
ity; papers relating to neutrality matters in
1854-5, the pamphlets of Mr George Bemis and
Mr Vernon Harcourt, the journal of the Ala
bama, and an account of her destruction by the
Kearsarge, and the correspondence of the British
government with the Lairds about their iron
clads; also the report, made in 1810, of the Brit
ish neutrality law commissioners of 1867. The
fifth volume notices proceedings in Parliament
and the courts of England touching neutrality;
and the sixth has the correspondence of Gen
Grant’s administration with the English govern
ment and the documents relating to the new
treaty. The seventh and final volume is in some
respects the most important; it contains the new
British foreign enlistment act, passed early
in the Franco German war, a history of
our neutrality laws, by Mr Dana, and,
finally, our claims for damages. These
include a statement, now made for the first
time by Secretary Ribeson, of the expense incur
red by the navy department in sending out ves
sels of war to cruise for the Alabama, Florida,
Tallahassee, Rappahannock, and other Anglo
confederate privateers, and to protect our com
merce from depredations, together with the value
of two merchant vessels and their cargoes cap
tured by the Florida. The grand total of these
expenses is $7,080,478.70. In the same volume
is a list of private claims filed with the depart
ment of state, growing out of acts committed by
the several vessels, known as the Alabama
claims. The amount of these is estimated to be
about $14,000,000. In addition, there is a state
ment from the treasury department of the value
of vessels in the marine cutter service destroyed
by the rebel cruiser Florida.
It will be found, also, that the counsel for the
United States, Messrs Cushing, Evarts and
Waite, “re instructed to demand damages, not
only as me tioned above, but for several other
causes o' complaint; damages (1) for private ves
sels and cargoes destroyed, (2) for public vessels
and cargoes, (3) for injuries to officers and sea
men, (4) for national expenditures in the pursuit
of the rebel cruisers, (5) for losses by the transfer
of our mercantile marine to foreigners,
(6) for the rise of insurance premiums,
and (7) for the prolongation of the war
and increased cost of carrying it on.
This is a broad basis for money claims, and will
remind everybody of Mr Sumner’s estimation of
damages in 1869 It is so broad, indeed, that the
democrats are already beginning to imagine a
chance for them to make some capital against
the administration, by predicting that these de
mands cannot be complied with, and that the
new treaty is a great failure. The World gives
itself a chance to say this by and by, while the
Washington correspondents of the Herald fairly
riot in startling gossip about the matter. They
allege that there is a fatal flaw in the treaty
somewhere, that the majority of the arbitrators
are unfriendly to the United States, and that
Spain has mixed herself up with the matter in
an offensive way. We cannot make much out
of these incongruous babblings of the Herald,
except as indicating an intention on the
part of the democrats to make all the trouble
they can concerning the treaty. They oppose
the bill reported by Gen Banks for paying the
expenses of the Geneva arbitration, and will em
barrass the administration as much as possible.
Accordingly, we wish them ’as little success as
possible.
Report of the Civil Service Coiumiaaion
The report of the civil service commission, of
which George W. Curtis is president, is com
pleted, and was presented to the president, Mon
day. The commission first met in June, and
was in session two weeks. The adjourned ses
sion began October 18, and has lasted continu
ously for two months. The work of the commis
sion has been very thoroughly performed, and
has heretofore, in part, been informally presented
to the president and cabinet, and several changes
and nullifications suggested by them incorpora
ted.
The system of civil service reform recommend
ed, is comprised in a set of rules and regulations
which have been drawn up to govern entrance
into the public service. It is admitted, at the be
ginning, in accordance with the advice of the
best legal authority, that the president must re
tain, under the constitution, absolute power of
removal, being fettered by no restrictions, so
that, while the term of service may be considered
as during good behavior, the president may,
nevertheless, remove at any time without assign
ing any cause. There will, however, be no temp
tation to unjustly exercise'this power on the part
of the president, nor any pressure to do so on the
part of partisans of individuals, because the in-
duement thereto is all taken away by the manner
in which appointments to and promotions in the
service are to be regulated. There can never ba
anv assurance, no matter who may be removed,
that any particular man can succeed to the va
cant position. This will remove the liability to
abuse to which the power of removal is now sub
ject, by so guarding the entrance into the service
that the exercise of it can by no possibility have
any connection with the act of appointment.
The principal features of the regulations govern
ing the operations of appointment and promo
tion arc: First, entrance into the service at the
lowest point; second, competitive examinations
at that point, and at every succeeding stage;
third, probation; fourth, promotion; fifth,
no fixed tenure, leaving the power of
removal untouched, as above stated. The
exemptions include—first, all the diplomatic
officers above the grade of consul; second, alt
judicial officers, judges, district attorneys, regis
ters in bankruptcy, etc.; third, all postmasters
whose annual receipts are und
say SSO, and several other classes. This leaves
the scheme to apply to a large mass ot officers
outside of the departments at Washington; the
large number of elerks employed in the customs
or revenue service elsewhere, all collectors
and assessors of internal revenue, all collectors of
customs and their subordinates, all postmasters
above a certain grade, all consuls, all Indian
agents and pension agents, —in fact, every cfficcr
of the government, whether at Washington or
elsewhere, save as above excepted, is to be sub
jected to the operation of the»e rules. The report
accompanying the schedule cf rules and regula
tions elaborates and sustains the scheme thus
submitted, fortifying it with the arguments and
conclusions which have led the commission to
adopt it.
It must be admitted that this^s quite a com
prehensive scheme of civil service reform, and in
substituting competitive examinations for recom
mendations by members of Congress, and abolish
ing removals for political reasons, the ax has
been laid at the very root of the evils that affect
our civil service. The president has the power,
and the will also, we are assured, to apply this
scheme to all the executive departments of the
government, without ar.y action of Congress, but
he will nevertheless ask for, and we hope not in
vain, the sanction of law, so that the reform to
be inaugurated may be perpetuated in succeed
ing administrations. The president also has the
power to continue the commission of which Mr
Curtis is chairman as an examining board, but
there is no appropriation to pay for such services,
and Congress' will be asked to furnish the neces
sary funds.
t-ov Palmer and the Soldiers.
Gov Palmer has addressed a second message
on the subject of the military occupation of Chi
cago to the Illinois Legislature, thereby drawing
a fresh broadside of abuse from the papers which
hold that lieutenant generals can do no wrong,
and regard criticism of the administration as a
species of blasphemy. Luckily, the governor is
used to being under Are, having had considerable
experience in that line during the late war; and
a man who has heard minie bullets singing about
his ears, is not to be very badly frightened by
hard names.
November 2, the governor saw a statement in
the Chicago Journal to the effect that, in view of
the threatened strikes and the great value of the
supplies in the hands of the relief society, the
officers of the society and a number of the most
prominent citizens had asked Gen Sheridan, to
station some troops at or near the city; and that,
in consequence of this application, four compa
nies of the Bth infantry would arrive the next
morning. The governor immediately cut out the
article containing this statement and forwarded
it to President Grant with a courteously worded
inquiry as to what it meant. He informed the
president that so far as he knew neither the pub
lie peace nor the store of supplies was in any
danger whatever, and added:
I am happy in the consciousness that the au
thorities of the state of Illinois are abundantly
able to protect every interest of the people that
depends upon its internal peace and good order,
and am unwilling to believe that the president of
the United States, acting upon information of a
contrary character, communicated by private cit
izens to an officer of the army, has ordered any
portion of the army into this state.
The president’s reply bears date of November
9. He incloses copies of all official and unofficial
documents bearing on the subject, and then pro
ceeds to make this disclaimer:
I will only add, further, that no thought here
even contemplated distrust of the state authori
ties of the state of Illinois, or lack of ability on
their part to do all that was necessary, or expect
ed of them, for the maintenance of law and order
within the limits of the state. The only thing
thought of was how to benefit a people stricken
by a calamity greater than had ever befallen a
community of the same number before in this
country. The aid was of a like nature with that
given in any emergency requiring immediate ac
tion. No reflections were contemplated or
thought of, affecting the integrity or ability oi
any state officer or city official, within the limits
of the state of Illinois, to perform his whole
duty.
With most of the documents cited by Gen
Grant, both the government and the public were
already well acquainted. First comes Mayor Ma
son’s order intrusting “the preservation of the
‘good order and peace of the city” to Gen Sher
idan; then the latter’s order, directing Col Sher
man to organize a volunteer regiment of infan
try; then two telegrams from Gen Sheridan to
Gen Townsend, in which he says he has “taken
‘the necessary steps to meet the condition of af
fairs here,” and has asked Gen Halleck for four
companies of infantry. Next comes the corres
pondence with the mayor, which preceded the
general’s abdication of his extraordinary powers,
the order mustering out (out of what Col Sher
matfs regiment, the order sending back the com
panies of regulars to their respective stations,
and Gen Sheridan’s report to the adjutant gene
ral, with this indorsement by Gen Sherman
The extraordinary circumstances attending the
great fire in Chicago, made it eminently proper
that G n Sheridan should exercise the influence,
authority and power he did on the universal ap
peal of a ruined and distressed people, backed by
their civil agents, who were powerless for good
The very moment that the civil authorities felt
able to resume their functions, Gen Sheridan
ceased to exercise authority, and the United
States troops returned to their respective stations.
Gen Sheridan’s course is lolly approved.
Then we find the letter of eleven prominent
citizens to Gen Sheridan, asking him to procure
the stationing of four companies at or near the
city; the general's letter to Gen Townsend, in
which he expresses himself satisfied that the re
quest should be granted, ar.d says be sent away
the troops against his own better j udgment; Gen
Sherman’s now famous telegram to Gen Sheridan
promising that four companies should be sent to
Chicago "to act as police;" and the orders issued
THE SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN! FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1871.
in compliance with this promise, by Gons She-.
I man and Meide
Singular as it may appear, Gov Palmer, after
reading the president's letter and its inclosurw,
was still unsatisfied, and wrote to Gen Grant un
der data of Nov. m h er 20, to say so. After oulta
bly acknowledging the president's disclaimer, ho
obstinately insists upon his point that the send-
I ing of regular troops into Illinois to act as police,
j is an extraordinary measure that has yet to bo
justified. He fears Gen Sherman overlooked the
fact that “the disastrous die at Chicago did not
i 'relieve the state of Illinois from any of its duties,
I ‘nor transfer any of them to the government of the
‘United States The “emergency” created by the
1 tire was promptly met by the proper department
jof the proper government—to wit, the Legisla
ture of Illinois. The state authorities are unable
to understand bow the tire has operated to con-
I far up >n the general and lieutenant general of
I the army "the authority to interfere in matters
■of purely local state concern.” The governor
closes his letter by expressing confidence that the
troops will at once be withdrawn from the state,
or the orders under which they are there, so mod
ified as to insure their keeping within the sphere
of their proper duties. The president’s reply
bears date of November 25. It is so short that
we can afford to give it entire
"I have received your letter of the 20th instant,
and have referred it to the secretary of war, with
directions to inform General Sheridan that if the
troops under his command bare received any or
ders which, in ar.y way, conflict with the provis
ons of the constitution or the laws of the state
of Illinois, he is instructed to rescind them.”
Will it be believe! that this unreasonable Illi
nois governor persists in grumbling? It is the
fact. He says the president has “practically re
‘ferred the whole subject to the decision of the
‘officer whose conduct is questioned;” attributes
to the general and the lieutenant general the be
lief “that, under our system of government, it is
‘a part of the duty of the officers of the army of
'the United States to superintend the administra
‘tionof the local governments;” and closes his
message with words which will make the loyal
bair of our Mortons and Conklings fairly stand
cn end with loyal horror:
It is dne to the dignity of the people of the
stato, that I should say that 1 cannot consent
that the grave and important subjects that I
have urged upon the attention of the president,
shall be decided by an officer of the army; but I
must hereafter, as I have done in the past, pro
test against all interference by the officers of the
armv, in the affairs of this state. I must protest
against such interference, because it will estab
lish a precedent dangerous to liberty, because it
familiarizes the people with military rule and in
spires them with distrust of the capability of civil
government to afford them needful protection;
and it is now for the representatives of the free
people of the state to discharge their duties ac
cording to their own convictions and subject to
their own responsibilities.
Gov Palmer is entirely right. He has acted
manfully,—acted as it became the chief magis
trate of an American commonwealth to act in the
face of an illegal invasion of its rights. And he
has rendered a valuable service to the country.
We do not look to see the Illinois Legislature do
anything in the premises. It is quite possible
that the Illinois people may punish their faithful
servant for his fidelity. But such a noble protest
as this, is sure to bear fruit by and by. If Gov
Palmer has sacrificed a temporary popularity, he
has gained something which is of greater valne,
—the respect and gratitude of a” right-thinking
citizens, and an honorable place among those who
have deserved well of the republic.
Father Hyacinthe's Position.
Probably no Catholic in recent years bus won
for himself so much of the good-will of Ameri
can Protestants as the great French friar
preacher, Hyacinthe. His manly attitude to
ward the spiritual despots of his own church,
first conciliated for him this favor; then it was
perceived that he was working zealously for the
moral and religious improvement of his people,
in France, where they need it so much; and
finally, bis visit to this country, two years ago,
confirmed and stamped this favorable impression
on the popular mind of America. We always
think better, in this country, of a great man who
will take the trouble to come 3000 miles to see us
as we are. It is, therefore, with peculiar advan
tages that Father Hyacinthe addresses himself to
our countrymen through the columns of the In
dependent, which has been enterprising enough
to obtain the substance of what he said at the
Munich congress, thrown into the shape of one
or two newspaper articles. In them he reiterates
wbat he has so often said, that he has no thought
of abandoning Catholicism; he speaks of Pro
testantism as containing great defects and great
errors along with much truth and Christian vir
tue, and he.offers the following analysis of what
he regards as the three great principles now con
tending for the mastery in Christendom, —Catho-
licism, Protestantism and Rationalism:—
Rationalism suppresses revelation. Debasing
the Bible to the level of a merely human book,
degrading the prophets and Christ himself to the
rank of mere heroes and sages, it claims to de
rive religion exclusively from the depths of our
own nature and the lights of our
own reason. Protestantism maintains revela
tion, but mutilates it; and, in fact, while exalt
ing the Bible, separates it from the living tradi
tion which complements and explains it, and
substitutes the individual faith of the Christian
for the collective faith of the church. Catholi
cism alone remains faithful to the whole revela
-1 tion, written and spoken—spoken before it was
I written, and so written, let me repeat, that it al
ways needs to complete and declare itself in
speech. Only this speech is not that of an indi-
I vidual conscience—of an isolated person—but the
universal and constant teaching of the church,
j Doubtless the faith of the pious and intelligent
Catholic is profoundly personal; but it has for
base and direction the collective faith of the
church. These three methods may be summed
up in three words: the abstract idea in Rational
ism, the dead letter in Protestantism, the living
word in Catholicism.
This analysis, as will oe seen at once, is not ex
haustive. It takes no account of Mysticism, for
example, which depends not upon the human
reason, nor upon written revelation nor tradi
tion,—nor even upon a combination of the three,
which Catholicism claims, but goes directly to
the communion of man with his Maker by the
inner light." Nor does it include what Father
I Hyacinthe presently goes on to speak of and de
nounce as the abuse of Catholicism—Ultramontan
ism. On this point what he says will be more in
accord with the sentiment of Americans than the
passage above quoted.. After saying that Ultra
montanism is, more precisely, Papism, or Infal
libilism, he goes on
The partisans of this system have the arro
gance, nowadays, to put it forward as the only
Catholic system. Its opponents too often make
tha mistake of combating it as an exaggeration
of Catholicism. I claim, for my part, that it is
the antipodes of Catholicism. According to the
Ultramontanes, in fact, it is not the church that
is infallible, unt the pope; and the infallibility of
the church (since they needs must retain this, at
least, in word) is only a deviation from that of
the pope—the passive infallibility of a pupil who
says over the lesson of an infallible master.
I would not lie want ng in rospeetto Plus IX.
Four time* In my ife I have hud private conver
sations with him; and. without disguising to my
self his Infirm,t ea of intellect and will, I know
me excellent qualities ol his heart 1 will not say
then, that bo is personally blameworthy; but his
words are blameworthy, beyond my power of ex
pression, when be does not fear to proclaim tba-,
be himself h tradition and the church. This
under a solemn and mystical form, is only a pro
posteions return to the Protestant principle of
individualism—the substitution of one man’s
private iiquiry and judgment for the inquiry
and judgment of the universal church. For mr
part, 1 freely own that I would prefer the
method of Protestan i-m to that of Ultramontan
ism—the slate of soul which the former implies
to the state of soul which the latter produce,.
Yes; if we had to choose between these two er
rors, my choice would bo for the perilous emanci
pation of ea-h conscience, set face to face with
the Bible and with Christ, and against the pros
tration of all consciences, sundered from the liv
ing Savior and the Bible, in subjection to the un
questioned word of a man who might lie John
XII. or Alexander VI. A system like this is no
more Protestantism than it is Catholicism. Its
real kindred is with the religion of Buddha. I am
not exaggerating. I have breathed that atmos
phere; I know what there is in it!
In all this, Father Hyacinthe does not perceive,
apparently, that he is following step by step
in the path of the men who began the
German Reformation, and who had as little
thought as he has of sundering themselves
from the venerable church in which they were
born and hoped to die. Luther and Calvin and
Cranmer could hardly have gone farther in words
than Hyacinthe does when he says, quoting the
words of an Austrian C atholic professor: “If the
‘pope and the whole hierarchy turn heretics, the
'church is not where the pope and the bishops
'are; it remains where the faith is.” And though
he may not be, as be says he is not, “going
‘toward Protestantism,” be is yet going toward
that goal of spiritual freedom, under the guidance
of faith, which is all that justifies the existence of
Protestantism.
Haul Aiwo Among the Prophets.
It is a somewhat incoherent and illogical letter
that Mr Alexander McClure, for many years a
prominent Pennsylvania republican, journalist,
politician, and lobbyist, has just written on the
subject of his feelings toward Gen Grant, and
the various questions of political reform. But it
has an independent, saucy tone that is somewhat
rare to find in men of his position and experience,
while there are nuggets of golden truth scattered
all through the document, that are quite worth
the reader’s while to pick ont for himself. Mr
McClure "knows how it is himself.” He has
been familiar with the inner history of Pennsyl
vania politics and Pennsylvania railroad rings
for this many a year, taking a hand occasionally
in the details himself; and when he bears his
testimony to the necessity for higher standards
and purer tests in the administration both .of
the state and federal governments, it is a little
something like a prisoner turning state’s evi
dence. He certainly knows what he is talking
about.
The letter is among the signs of an impor
tant division in the ranks of the Pennsylvania re
publican leaders on the subject of the renomina
tion of Gen Grant. Mr McClure represents not
only himself and his own feelings, but, we sus
pect, those of Gov Curtin, now minister to Rus
sia, but about, we hear, to throw up that place,
and return home and take a share in the presi
dential election. Gov Geary is also on the same
side, and the position of these three influential
party leaders, first, in opposition to Cameron
and his rule over Pennsylvania politics, and,
second, in opposition to Gen Grant, is among the
evidences that are developing more and more on
all sides that the president is by no means the
strongest candidate that the republican party can
present in next year’s contest.
But however people feel about this, or what
ever the results that grow out of the jealousies
and antagonisms in local politics, and the strug
gle in the republican party and among the peo
ple of the country to purify our politics and ele
vate the tone of our public administration, Mr
McClure’s letter will prove interesting and sug
gestive reading.
Jia- Colfax and the Vice Presidency.
We have always supposed, in spite of Mr Col
fax's oft-expressed desire and purpose not to oc
cupy his present office another four years, that, if
the republican convention renominated Gen
Grant, it would also renominate him, and under
such circumstances as would practically oblige
him to accept. Gen Grant’s friends already see
that they can carry the convention more surely
on the whole of the old ticket than on a part of
it, and we predict that they will go
to the convention insisting that there
shall be no change in the second of
fice any more than in the first. They
have lately brought this contingency home to Mr
Colfax himself, and, according to the New York
Times, he has made the only reply possible under
the circumstances, namely—that it would bring
with it considerations to which he should give all
proper weight when it arrived, and that it would
be a hard, perhaps an ungrateful, thing to throw
back a nomination thus tendered; but that he
could not and would not say anything now to
authorize his friends to present his name for re
nomination or in any way to excuse them in
labor to bring it about. Air Colfax is certainly
doing enough, both by word and action, to favor
the renomination of Gen Grant without calling
on his friends to labor for that end with a view
to his own re-election to his present office.
Schenck and “The £mma.”
The statement of Senator Stewart of Nevada,
who went over to London to put the Emma mine
upon the English market, concerning Gen
Schenck's connection therewith, certainly makes
the case worse than the minister's friends had
supposed it possible to be. For this statement
shows that he only bought his interest in the
mine lately, and since he has been in London;
that he advanced no money for it, simply giving
his note for his shares; that he was put upon the
board of directors for the sake of his position and
name; in short, that he was inveigled into the
whole operation by the speculators in the
property, in order to use his character and in
fluence for selling it abroad. Now, Gen Schenck
is not a corrupt man, but he is a comparatively
poor one, with a speculative habit; and it is
equally clear, with what we have stated, from
the confessions of Senator Stewart that he was
more the victim than the accomplice of the
operators in the transaction, and that he did not
realize how it would look to his countrymen at
home and the world generally, to see his name,
with all its official titles, used to float what is at
best an uncertain and speculative property upon
the foreign market. The Emma undoubted
ly is, at least has been, a very promis-
ing mine; it is a large "pocket”
of very rich ore; but the prospects of Its contin
uous or permanent vane are so doubtful, and
nearly all mining operations, in America, at least,
partake so much of the gambling quality, t^t it
is not fit that an official representative of our
government abroad should lend his name and po
sition for its sale at a high and doubtfully just
price to a people who naturally would know more
of him and his supposed character than of the
I mine itself. The whole transaction has an un
pleasant flavor about it; anil’ while the candid
j mind, familiar with the general integrity of Gen
j Schenck’s character, must render for him a ver
diet of “not guilty,” it will also bo moved to add
with severe unction the advice not to do it again
And wa imagine lie won’t, —for the latest reports
on the subject are that he has explained to the
authorities at Washington how he came to be
drawn into the disreputable business, and in
formed them that be has promptly backed outot it.
A I.and <4rub to be l.ooked After.
I The New York Herald’s Washington corre
spondence exposes a primd /ocie case of gross
fraud upon the government and the public in be
half of the Burlington and Missouri railroad,
which is an extension of the Chicago, Burlington
and Quincy road, not only through lowa, but
through Kansas and Nebraska, to a junction
with the Union Pacific road at Fort Kearney.
This enterprise had a land grant for its exten
sion from the Missouri river to Fort Kearney, a
distance of 230 miles, of ten alternate sections
per mile along its line, so far as said sections had
not been sold, reserved or pre-empted under the
United States laws. To a portion of the similar
grants to other railroads was added a provision
that, where the lands within the limits pre
scribed bad been previously taken up, re
served, or occupied, the road might go out
side the limits, and take enough vacant
lands to make up for these losses or reser
vations. But this act contained no provision
of this sort. The company argued, however, that
they should have the privilege, notwithstanding
this omission, and Mr Harlan of lowa, when sec
retary of the interior, gave it to them. His sue
cessor, Mr Browning, reversed the decision, and
confined them to such lands as they could get
within the prescribed limits of twenty miles.
Now, however, the road bas re-appealed to the
present secretary of the interior, Mr Delano, and
induced him to yield to their demand and sus
tain the original position of Mr Harlan. The dis-
I ference is an important one. About half the
I lands along the line prove to have been taken up,
and under the natural construction of the grant,
the road would get but a million and a half of
acres; but if it is allowed to supply the loss or
I pretended losses outside, they will get about three
millions of acres. As all these lands would be in
Kansas and Nebraska, and, whether near to or re-
I mote from the line, are among the
i most valuable of the vacant lands belonging
to the government, the smaller amount is worth
i a great deal more than the whole road will cos t.
Thirty-three thousand dollars a mile is a large
allowance for building and equipping such a
road, so that the whole cost from the Missouri
river to Fort Kearney would be $7,500,000; but
the million and a half acres, which it is sure to
receive any way, are probably worth something
like 510 an acre, or just twice what the whole
road would cost. Five dollars an acre even
would pay the whole expense, of construction.
But if the road gets the full 3,000,000 acres
which it demands, its "steal” or profits out of
the transaction will foot up something like $20,-
000,000. If the facts are as stated, a gross fraud
is impending, and Congress should promptly in
terfere by a declaratory act to stop it. While
such things are undertaken, while there is a pos
sibility even of their succeeding, it will not do for
any partisan of the administration, however
blind or devoted, to say that there is no occasion
for investigation or reform in its service.
A Wise Gram Jian.
"Are you a spiritualist?” inquired one man of
another, with a slight suggestion of contempt in
the tone of his voice. "Yes,” was the reply,
“I am a spiritualist,” but, with rising inflection,
"I am not a fool.” If the Grant men are going
on in the way of Conkling and Edmunds in re
sisting investigation and economy and reform,
and in trying to drive such men as Trumbull,
Sumner and Schurz out of the republican party,
the really intelligent supporters of the president
will need to file a somewhat imilar disclaimer.
Senator Wilson appears to be of that way of
thinking, and does not mean that he shall be
supposed to be a fool because he believes that
Gen Grant both will and should be renominated
and re-elected; for we notice that he expresses
the very sensible opinion that Gen Grant is not
the only person, by any means, whom the repub
licans can elect next year, and adds, also very
truthfully, that there are at least twenty men
belonging to the party who could be elected
president,—indeed that the probability is that it
can elect any one whom it chooses to nominate.
This is indeed very sensible in the senator, and if
he had gone further, and said that there are
twenty men in the party, either of whom it can
elect easier than it can Grant, he would have
still had the simple truth upon his side. But
then he would have been called “a sore-head,” we
suppose, and Wilson doesn’t like to be called hard
names by anybody.
Frie Tunabliug After Tammany.
The breaking up of the infamous Erie ring
must follow the downfall of Tammany, with
which it was so closely connected. This has been
evident from the first, and the only doubtful
element in the prediction has been that of time.
It looks now, however, as though the death blow
to the Erie gang of swindlers would be struck
very soon. The English stockholders, who at
last have succeeded in getting back 47,202 of the
60,000 shares that Fisk and Gould stole from them,
with a prospect of speedily getting the rest, have
formed a combination with the McHenry party
of the Atlantic and Great Western road, Gen
Sickles is coming home from Spain to act as their
agent and counsel, and they will at once begin a
vigorous war for the possession of the road in the
courts, and before the Legislature, which will be
asked to order a new and fair election of directors
immediately.
This is a powerful combination, and will be
aided by all who have been sufferers by the ras
calities of the Erie ring in the past. Fisk and
Gould are preparing for the fight but feebly,
evidently feeling that it will be of little use. Still,
they are not likely to give up without a contest,
and the Messrs Field are sure to be given one
more “Erie case," though it may well be doubted
if it prove so profitable as most Erie suits they
have had for the last year or two. Fisk has had
the shrewdness to see that be could not go Into
the strugg e weighted with the salt of Helen Jo
sephine Mansfield, and the damaging develop
ments sho bad it in her power to make from his
letters. Her frowns have prov ias potent as her
smiles, and James ha t again surrendered at dis
cretion and settled the case out of court, paying
the fascinating Josephine *15,600 to withdraw the
suit.
Whether the bargain insures the destruction of
the famous Fisk-Mansfield correspondence or not,
is not stated, but it is evident that Fisk expects
its suppression, at least. It is too late, however,
we suspect, for him to reap muci benefit from this
truce with the lady who was so recently temporary
mistress of his affections. The general tenor of
these letters is now well known. They give a his
tory of the whole Erie swindle, and its connection
with Tammany, in Fisk’s mos graphic style and
unique spelling. Thore must be copies of many
of them in existence, which will I: sure to plague
their author and amuse the public, even if the
placated Josephine should burn or hide the origi
nals. It has already been discovered from these
letters that the terms on which Tweed entered
the Erie directory, October 13,1868 were that lie
should manage the Legislature, and the Erie
ring, on the other hand, were to admit him to a
share of the spoils and to circulate 10,000 fraudu
lent naturalization papers along the line of the
road, and compel all their employes to vote the
democratic ticket. On the day of Tweed’s elec
tion as director, Fisk, who seems to have been very
near ruin, wrote to Sirs Mansfield, exultantly,
“they are elected; we are saif;” and in the after
noon Gould, Tweed, James McHenry and Mr
Lane went, in the best of spirits, at, Fisk’s invita
tion, to dine at the house of Mrs Mansfield.
Among other things, these letters are remarka
ble as showing Fisk’s ingenuity in inventing pet
names. He affectionately addres-. bis fair cor
respondent as “Measelem little url,” “Lump
sum,” “Dumplins,” and “Little Girl with the
black and tan dog;” and there is said to be
ample evidence in the letters that among Mrs
Mansfield’s visitors were distinguished railroad
builders and Boston bankers of repute. The pub
lic can no more afford to lose this, correspond
ence than Fisk can afford to have it preserved,
and we still hope that, either through the origi
nals or through copies, it may be given to a
waiting world.
The Lobby in Connecticut —The Hartford
Evening Post is rendering a valuable service to
the cause of public honesty and good morale by its
pungent and persistent exposures of the corrupt
lobby which has fattened on the strife between
Hartford and New Haven for the “sole capital.”
It publishes in detail the bills paid by both cities
in 1870 and 1871 for "legislative influence,” and
a good many of the politicians who figure in
this roll of dishonor would undoubtedly have
paid back all they received rather than have the
facts thusSlaid bare. The bills, gwliich are from
official sources, show that New Haven was bled
to the extent of 839 051 in the two years named,
and Hartford $16,922, making a total outlay of
$55,973. We find that ex-Congressman Augustus
Brandagee of New London got S2OOO, 11. B. Har
rison, the New Haven politician, SISOO, John T.
Wait of Norwich S6OO, E. S. Day of Colchester
SIOOO, Seth Logan of Washington 81200, T. E.
Doolittle of New Haven SISOO, etc., etc. The
figures show that several disinterested patriots,
who lent their influence to New Haven the first,
year, were induced by a larger consideration to
favor Hartford the second, and vice versa; also,
that Railroad Commissioners James Pike and J.
I. Hutchinson, Sheriff Richard A. Wheeler,
United States Collector Joseph Selden, United
States Assessor Jeremiah Olney, United States
Bank Inspector A. B. Mygatt and Henry M.
Cleveland of the state board of education, were
all employed in the lobby for pay. The republi
cans of Connecticut cannot afford to look upon
this flagrant defiance of honesty with any degree
of allowance. The men whose names appear in
that long list are no longer entitled to political
respect or confidence, and the party that awards
it to them indorses corruption and deserves de
feat.
SOTHERN, THE ACTOR, AND THE PRINCE OF
Wales.—Among the witnesses who have been
summoned to speak “nothing but good of the
'dead,"—as, a week ago, the prince of Wales was
regarded,—was Mr Sothern, the famous actor,
with whom the prince has been in the habit of
drinking “brandy and seltzer" in his dressing
room at the theater, and occasionally associating
in hunting excursions, also. But, after all, it is not
much that the actor-friend can say for hik royal
associate. His testimony may serve him in sport
ing and theatrical circles, but this, which is the
most important part of the whole, will hardly
benefit him among reputable men and women;
while it is especially sad, as an unconscious and
unblushing revelation of the low standards pre
vailing in those classes of English society to
which Mr Sothern and the prince were admitted:
“It is rather a delicate question,"—said the in
terviewing reporter to the actor, —“but may I ask
'of you anything concerning the rumors as to his
‘being eo fond of ladies’ society “I have not
'the slightest objection in the world to yonr mak
‘ing public all that I know on that subject. He
‘yielded to temptation no more than would have
‘done any man in his position subjected to the
‘constant inducements to go astray to which he
‘was always exposed. Indeed, he must have been
‘made of adamant to have resisted the—l may
‘say —pressure brought to bear upon him from ev
‘ery side. His wife was and is very delicate, and
‘companionship he was forced to seek else
‘where.’’
Seeking a Character. —Since the prince of
Wales has been so sick, and people thought he
was sure to die, there has been an effort, both in
the English and American papers, to give him a
better character than he has generally borne, and
various witnesses to his tolerable and negative
good qualities have been offered. Most likely
his career has not been so bad as it has been
painted by some gossipers and scandal-mongers;
it is always the fate of men conspicuous in
life to have either their virtues or their vices exag
gerated but, admitting the most and the best
that can be said in his favor, there is no material
for the conclusion that his departure would be
in any sense a public loss either to Great Britain
or the world. His presence on the stage is a
challenge to radicalism and revolution; his death
would allow the inevitable reform in English
society and politics to go on more slowly and
smoothly, as Is the natural British habit; while
its triumphs could hardly be less sure or bene
ficial.
The latest style of veils is pointed end thickly
studded with small jet beads, which ate raining,
the sight of fashionable women.