Tribune,
pote XX XI PRICE FOUR CENTS,
9,555.
-t
4
NEW-YORK, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1871.
FOREIGN NEWS.

a
IHR GOV FRNVENT KEATEN IN A TEST VOTE IN
THT CORTES RESIGNATION OF THE MINIS
—A STATEMENT FROM GEN. SICKLES ON CUBAN
AFLALLS.
MADRID, Raturday. Nov. 18 1871.
The movements of the Radical members of the
Cortes hsv e pesaidted in the defeat of the Ministry upon a
test question. and nn Cabinet erisis has occurred. The
detiates, at Friday's siting of the Cortes, were mtensely
ORCHID. alu] Ihe Reso did not break np unt 7 o'clock
thus me TNE Durie g the doscustion upon the proposition
go cence the Governmeeni, brought forward by the
adherents of Ror ZorTiiia, a coniter motion was sub
mised by Sooo Ocl oa, providing for the granting of
entire teil) tom Nuits &ocetios throughout Spadn,
and the suppression of the decrees of the Provismienal
Governtuent of which Sonor Zoli wae a member,
relative thereto. Peuding this, a moticn Was
pade to diclare the satting of the Cortes jer
mani, ard Gopiinted Graasion followed. The Gove
emtuent Cre nivally de wanded ite rejection ae i Calonet
question. Lat thar opponents had the majority, for upon
adver of ane Hove the motion was fond to be
ado; ed ty a verte wl 17 to Nx Adiarval Ma campo,
Presadent of the Coanal of Slate wand head of the Minis
ry, #1 Luo mennted the tribune and read a royal decree
prorocuing the witting of the Cortes without delay. Tre
King today summoned (0 bis preseuce the Presid nts of
the two Houses for cotusuitation as to the grave aspect of
pohtic al ature, It bas since hecome known that the
Minstry Love resiehe d in a body, bot the belie! «ex
presscd i lh quarters that, with sora wehilications,
they wri contintie in [HT
The Commitice of the Cortes on the Spanish Rodget
has oat Coto report an fuver of the tux on the inter ~t
of Brains Pones Lela at home and mn foragn connties,
The Uited States Monster, Major-Gen. Rickles, has
made a slfenent Whi hohe says is calied forth by a late
dobate nth Sransh Cortes on the gnbject of Cab, and
which is also, Be adds, absolut ly necessary for the «x
planation of certain span=h official documents relative
to Cuban tars whiche Rave been recently pathisbed
here. Got. =wolloa save it is due to the forer Min esters,
Rivero, Muartos, and Bocerras, and also to the late Mar:
shal Pe, to state that they all and severally assapea
Bor that Cob te hontd be justly treated as a province ot
spain, entitiod to alt the Tiehits cranted by the Conetitne
tion of v0 Gen =ickes adds that “these promises
prove ited the Ameical GOverutnent from Inicivelung
te Cubes alli"
Be
DISASTROUS XP OSION OF GUNPOW EL ER—=TNRIE
PLosONS KILLED AND MANY WGI NDED,
FatsKFOET ON THE MAIN, Ratarday, Nov, 1& 127),
An explosion of guopowder ocenried this
moi ng 6 the Fortress of Ehronbreitstein, ¢pposite
Coblentz, on the Khne, Rome cartridges were aod
dentally st on tre an the ordnance manafscioning
laboratory, and a Lirge qaantity of fixed and loose an
munition exploded in ‘consequence. The buildie was
bacty eLatterod. Three soidiers were killed no! many
others wei dod. The lnm lise magaiine of the for wv
where ws ply of powder as stored sathewent foo a ton
YOu wesc, enc apad Lhe danger,

GAMEKETTA ON THE PROSPECTS OF THE KIDS.
LIC—=THE COMMUNIST TRIALS—AKMY KEOR
GANIZATION.,
LIC—=THE COMMUNIST TRIALS—AKMY KEOKR
GANIZATION,
Panis, Nov. 16, 1871
M. Gambetta made his expected speech at
Bt. Quentin on Friday. His tone was woderate, and the
pect bas produced an excellent effect on public
opinion. Ho assured his hearers that no danger at
present menaced the existence of the Republic; ont re.
forins were necessary to confirm it, and the peopl
should see that Jegislation to that end be not kept Lack
wo long mb the National Assembly, The ciizens of
France, Lo added, <Lonld take a more active apd prac
weal interest in political afliors, and make oe inthe noe
felt i: the government of the county. To give ther
power its legitimate eflect, he ady ccated the foripation
of 4 national republican party, and set forth pation a
plan of organization which Ix based 10 10any ieepecis
upon the Awerfean system.
fever! additional ecvrtemortinl have beer civated,
Ae wore Japtdly and cficctualiy to dispose of tle Loree
number of cases of Comrnn ¢t prisoners sl Gaining
to be tized. Tac triad Ly court-martial of the pastes ue:
coscd of the asrass naticu of Gene, Thouas and Lecomte
Basend dd. Nineteen of the prisoners were proloaneed
guilty, Vordaguer and seven others were sentenced to
suffer Coit, one to pris ment for Be at Ladd abo,
ad Wi to varieas tering of confnement,
i
Adored Los ber saged suspending the puhlication of
the news opis L'Avenir anc Le Pays, for pr utivg al
eles ap nz to the Govern nt,
The waik of reorgamzarion of the French ry is
Manin ia) oo pio-iess, By the end of the prorent year
the stron oct strategie positions on the eastorp fronted
wil he ceed by @divistens of a eomplete ly reconp
sticcted ord ronghly 6g Lpped corps Carme,
The Con: towtionned says: Due Harconrt, Fienel
Frihasader to the Papal Courtusent a telt orien to
Count de pep aset, Minister 6: Foren Atos string
Mit the Pope Las expresseq ig ontertion of ang
Rome when oil is passed conve tong the Javan Fala
ment an that Oty.”
Gam via. Lous Blane, ana Victor Hoo, hive asened
Rear a bok tug subseriptions for the veel of the faw
UK] Le Coli uabist pe soneis,
a
THE QU NSHP ALTH-THEL COMMERCIAL TRY. ATY
NiGOTIATIONS WHIH FRANCE PROKEN Ol
LONDON, Nov, 14, 187]
Doctor Meleod, one of the court physicians,
sates Gil aly aswell Gn professionally that he has boon
In attoncaiee on Hor Majesty Qaeen Victor danny
Period of ue exoecding thirteen years, and can thos
deglere thot the perverts wigeh have been ononlated
a ad Bach
recently, to tee effect that she bas exh bid syn plons
of mental weaknesa, ale Cungqualifediy foe”
Fhe Lovdon Stendard ani onpees tha! the nego het
between the Batish and Pons Goveanino nts for thy
wmodiicatign of the Tutoraational Conngciaal Tieaty
Bere been hroken tr.
A dimpate th Has been received from the &tate Deport.
went ip Worhangten shouking the Co nse of the nde a
Kates in Bivadod and en tie Continent for the fioits
eho d Gi the euticring inhabitants of Chicago. The
Orlin say: The Arica Gogonment oe eratitieq
W mC on te libertad TOspoLse to ther appeals of ite TEp
rem titative abroad upasval evidences of interptn val
sympathy 0 The total anovnt of subscriptions for Cri
Capo received at the Mansion Hense up te lust evening
PEER
M. La os Rossuth, the well kuown Hungarian patriot,
haw Yue 1 ee todd @otaember of the London ranch of the
International Soecty, Gen, W. TL #horman of the United
Rates Ary, or onjpected to ariived uw England in the
WOLh of Mv. The Obsercer, in its insne this orning,
contradicts oi report that the General 1s sent to Enrope
On 8 wpecial gn iesion, abd ka)s Lis pie werely one of
Pearire,
The fires Barna Catholic wissior ever digpatchied from
England 10 Ay erica railed to-day. The party consists of
four pricste von duty it will be to labor exclusively
AMOI the cored people of the United EBtates. At the
CEILTAtion of ass Previous to ther departure, Bie Grace
Archbishop Manning of Westneinster addiessed the wis
Bonar. fe gad: “This mission hig been ertub
Mabe by tie Church in England because this country
had mn posed Fluvery on America, sud it was PtuLg that
English rLould be the first to move for the apelioras
Bon of the condition of the newly Temaneipated race”
The Finer ae Lomse, wife of the Magus o! Lorne, ax
TEPC to Ye fice ante.
ctl
THE COUNIKY IN A SIATE OF ANARCHY TL
AMY  DIsAL FECTED AND THE TRKEASIJRY
BANKKI FL A GLOOMY  FiOsPECE YOR
JUAKEZ.
Cry or Mixico, Nov. 11--Via Havana Nov.
19. Formidable revolutions are taking place throughout
the Country, and a change in the €xisting governient is
PApected before New Year's, Tue country never war in
Yel cn unsettled condition. The State of Ouaxicia has
pomounced in favor of the revolution:=te, und Gen,
Yorfrio hay I= ut tue hed of a foruadable
anuy. Ih Rtates of Aguascalientes, ura po, dud
teas, and Coahbulla have also Prone anced, and
86 moving in the TevolulIODATY Cais Faller
Yrovunciamentos have been sud nal the Flutes
Governoes wre verging, wid ROME Liat, previ
everywhere. Disaftoclions cast ju the alu, and geno

SIAN.
CihMANY.
Fit ANCE.
OGEFAT BR TTALN
MEX OO
LEE AENEAN ALERT LR at AR ERAN
INTERESTING RUSSIAN SEMI-OFFICIAL STATE
MEND OF THE ACTION OF OUR GOVERNMENT
IN RFGAKD TO M, CATACAZY—THIL. RI.ANONS
FLLVENTING HIS RECALL,
The Journal de St Petersbonrg, a semi-oflicial
ccna, republisnes from the St Petersburg Voir the fol
owang stotoment of the disagreements between onr State
'oparticont and ML Catacazy, the Russian Minister at
Washington, The statement possesses much nnpeit
re, am at is the first Russian vision of
Le diplomas quarrel, and from the ine
dental reference it contains to the Grand Duke's visil,
The natare of the Amery an article referred to below
cgovenanadentaliy bat it mey he necessary to ohserve
that it was a Washington dospateh based on nformation
rom the Stace Department, giving particulars of the
action of that Departinent in regard to M, Catacazy.
CThe Americon tomrna!s continme to discuss at the
carne tine the cordial, sympathetie, and even enthusi
as Lc reception preparing top His hoperiad Highness Mgr,
tho Grand Irate Alexiz Aleaandroviteh, and the distavor
too Busan Monster had fallen mto with tho resident,
cr arove all with the Secretary of State disfavor
wih will be c¢armed to the extent of a
teriead demand for MM, Catacazv's recall. We
Lave anserted in our No. 287 an American artiele,
which has been eomed verbatitn by most American
Jonrnads, aud gives a version of thisdisagrecable incident,
ovidently frou a more or less offleinl sonuree, Its tone is
tae re coustianed than the ordinary languange of Awmeri
can journeds and its spontaneous republication by the
roster part of the American press, gives i! evidently an
otto cdd chaeter, Clas ariweie has not cseaped the atten
tion of ourreadors; and, in order to give it the meaning
its author intended, we aha add ome mforn. ation which
we Lave colected aud winch an our opinion, bis al iu
cortestalb le vane,
the facts and dates we give are exact enongsh, hut
there aoe the em certulu degrees of form und conclugions
whch it appears ditfealt to us to admit, We have had
orc saon to learn that the tirst &tep taken by the Awer
wean Minater at St Petersburg were as far back as the
naoddle of July. It hong intended that the Grand Duke
Alexis would leave ariy in Auenst, there wonld not be
ther thane torepince M, Cataeazy, ast was inadmissanle
toot tne Rescjan imp eral legation should be vacant ot a
moriont wh'n the son of His Majesty the Em
jperor wonld he the guest of the Goverment
apd the American nation. Besides, the Imjpwerial
Minister tor Fore gu Affahie toaud before han
ory vegre allegations, withont precise facts or
positive proofs in regard to that, im which nominally our
representative pod Laedan as duty, The statements
seemed to be of sech patare as could be rendered clear
by amicable explanations between the two Govern-
Leite, Therefore the manager of the Imperial Ministry
of Foregn Ataiis deferred submitting the question to
the Rinperor. in opder not to give it a premature import.
ance, Looping wl) the wiyie that the ipeident would be
sertied Lo common cord at an dpporinne tine,
Acturdang te the information we possess, the Federal
GOO ntoent sisted, it as true, on itz dewand, but in the
imtesval, and petably between the 15th and 20th of Aa.
gust, M. Catacazy had been admitted to an audience
with Gen, Grant, and was received in a manner which
only the vepre~entative of a inendly Btate could expect,
There was then vo reason to doubt that this affair, en
1 Iv crsonal, would be solved im oowanner conforinn
hie to i wipwable relations existing betwoeu the two
Contes,
We know, in fact, that M. de Westmann, after having
gnbnptted the gnestion to the Emperor, repeated to the
American Mitaster ns objections In recard to the want
ctruthicient vine to carry oat the wish manifested by
the Fedora! Governmant, and on the opportunencss of
Adonrnimg the incident out) after the visit of the Grand
Lake Aca, We know also, that the Washuogton
Catonet, acknowledging completely the vadne of
the=c obeolyalons, bag suspended explanations on the
Crab reRiving thé right to restune them when
Lo Tmper.a) paeet they were preparing to receive should
Late loft Americ. Finally, according to our, informa
Con ther Wad no eventuuslity in question of the sending
CC passports to Mo Catacazy, if he was not recalied at a
corn hme, nor of warnings which may have been
(ven Lon ou the part of the President, One acconnts
Gor centtomed an the most positive manner by an article
Lo thy Jura! de Ste tersboury, which we pubish une
aro the bend Rogergn News, Ou our part, we believe
we are onthe, zed 10 wake the jodowing reflections;
It ccaret,mes Lappons that a goverment desires and
dei the tet of a toreign representative acercdited to
1 According to diplomatic usages that fay ocenr iy
TWO Wat a loregn representative may be Befrodan
cone ons ana disacrece ole to the chief of phe State to
Wich Leas gecreddted, gi Ley he may hy his conduct
SIYE Togeon Tor asking his reciud by the Government. In
TEU oT EE Oy to timate confidentiadly, ina
Ci 0 etry Lana. Wilk PROper anazcment, the de
be Tora change of persons, Which iF never ggfuncy,
It evident that Governd efits aceredit diptomatic
representatives with the view of enltivating reciproca,
goed tendons, Ths onject would not be attained ir the
Minister (Larged with a mission did not possess the
HEcesr aly personal gaalitications, Every raer ae
coneguentty  desioas to have accredited tw hig
Wo Teprestniative persopahly agreeable 1Q LTH
avd no Government woild thivk of ue
posing yi the Capacity, of  representaiine
w Pron Lo Would be inal ie gh sper te that raler's con
fidence aml coed Wille ft cannot be suposed that such
wowd gall be Ce fase between two countries and two 4
LSE tE wich, ke Rusma and the United States,
fre bound oy sympathetic anterests; and by national
we ntiments which mwavifest thomselves under all cream.
stancer. ard of which. st this Woment, they are wcutoally
EVILE agteeable roots,


Fut it may also happen that o reen)l may he asked in
consequence of grievances arming trom the oft cial cone
duet of a foreign Minister, In seh case it ae usual to
Rate precisery the grievance and the fucts on which at
is baked; because other the Mianster may have acted
under orders from his Government, in which case Wor
from it and not from hw that explanation should be
asked: or it may be that lie acted songrary 19 bs iy
structions, (un which case al accaration of B6 EFra\ Ei na
ture would be brought against a pubhe oflicer that ng
Government wonld brig 't withont serious wotives avid
ample proof. There are elementary truths, Negripe.
Jers, 10 the American articie selerred 10, one Canpof mee
Cienrly OL wha! ide based,
Official and ROCIAL WAtlers are conto gded, On one
cide it speaks of the official and IT .Qru” conduct of
M. Catacazy. Who had diame ge fo etluess of hy
presence foi bis Own GOV enyieny  usefulucre of
which hie Wn GOVELZnehi ae the best fudge), and ou
the otler hana jt g 7 of “official and Social re
Latics Which had, become very nnpleasant”
woth hin. But no gositive fa tor proof whatever is
KIVEL I BUPPOTL if these aes@rtions. We bave very
pUsILIv MOYES gious that these tacts and proofs have
wen asked Cor “and that, upto the present, the United
Staion Mogteter at Bt Pgtersbory Lue not prodieed them.
Th fe Lere evideptly a misavderstanding which it os
QC ante fo ree Oared up, aud which certamly wil be,
conmdening the friendly dirposithous which mutually
allnAtle (a I Governments.
But epait from the question of convenience, a coruph
cation resulted from this antair occurring at the rane
Pane ar the Visit of the Grand Duke Alege, The Ew
peror sore presentative at Washing lon hdd becca
wiructed to make arrangousuts lor the wrmval and
wojonrn of Hie lijenmt Highness, and at would
naturelly €evolve on hun to accowpavy the Grand
Dake mo Bis excursions, and furnish han with
uretul apformation regardiug men and thiner fn oa
friendly country which the Grand Duke visits for the
first tie. However desirable a change may Lave heen
mn view of perscnal relations not CorrespoLaing with the
Julia) sentiments of the two Governmont= the woment
war not savorable to treat this quertion, since,
ohh the One band, There war not rifhcicut tae,
and on the other, PW nhrenod of wh
official peprere ptstive acoredifed to, and conversant with
the coantry wold hase been pre pen al the kojourn
of the Grand Duke Thx the Federal Live Intent
nppcars 10 Lave anuerstocd af thie Matte Naw bee nu
Tnomentanly ravpended But we rLecid uot nceept
porovely the arscihions Which the Awcinal vlutemout
rete 16 conta They Ga et nie ord with diplo
Jl iC Uap CR Ul JHopeucs, Lut wibh Le pod wud up
rie ard colomela, with thelr commande, are joining the
revelntionists. The other oficers are disaffected and the
Governments almost paralyzed. The treasury is bank
rapt, and the people are going over to the revolutionists,
The newspaper Two Republics, which hag hitherto been
confident that Juarez could sustain himself, and while
vot supporting him, confeeses that a revolution is inev
table. Everybody is denouncing Ranto Cilia, a nanve
Cuban aud son in-law of Juareg, in the strongest terme,
Delfin Banchez, another son-in-law, has been imprisoned
In the capital and placed in eohtary confinement. The
President, nevertheless, fs at work trying to release hin,
in direct violation of the law,
The Colla Costom-Houge has been transferred to
Manzanillo. Gen. Alatorre 18 marching against the in
surgents in the State of Oapaca. It 1sreported that Gen.
Negrete is raising men in Puebla for the purpose of or
Faniziug a revolutionary army. Gen. Escobedo wishes
toresizn the Governorship of San Lue,
Tue testimony in the case of the Anierican bark
Erothers, which waa seized by the Mexican authorities
near Tavasco, is go uncertain and conflicting that Mr.
Nolen, the United States Minister, Las determined to
send Wis Scaetary of Tegaticn to Tabasco to wae o
thorcugh and acenrate investigation into the facts.
ARREST OF SUSPECTED PERSONS—TIHE SWLDISH
CONSUL BANISHED,
FRINTU e DIANNE T
Havana, Nov. 18, =The Government has re
cently wade, and continues to wake, arrests of persons
more or less pnphicated in the rebellion in this island,
Tue prisonere are gent to the Island of Pines for rafe
keeping. Ae the evidence in some of these cases is od
patted to be hardly euflicient for conviciion, it is consid,
ered- the safest policy to remove the accused to kone
other point, and avoid the agitation and disturbance
Ihely to be caused by their trial in the courtsof this eity.
The Consul of Bweden at this port bas been banished
from the jsiand, and sul to-morrow in the French
steatner for 8, Nazaire. He 3g charged with acting as
the agent of ~enor Aldama and other well-known Cuban
refugees, The Spanish man-of-war Zaragoza arrned
to-day from Santiago de Cuba. A Bpanish war steamer
his been went to Hay,
Lhe tobacco growers in Coba have disposed of wil thar
auanciactured tobacco,
elif
TI CA'TA(CAZY CGUAPRYEL,
('1TBA.
roeal relations of the two Governments. The Federal
Government has never needed to send M. Catacazy Lis
passports, and it should not be Aupposed that it conten
plates doing so.
M. Catacazy 18, no doubt, himself very desirons to end
promptly a mission which mnst be very painful to him;
and the Tmperial Cabinet has no motive to prolong it
beyond the limits of the time essentially neces
sary. Until then he will ouly be “tolerated”
rays the article in question, but we are convinced that,
as the Rusgtan representative, he will receive the regard
due to the position with which he is invested, and to the
Government of which he ia the official organ. The Fed
eral Government has too strong a sentiment of its own
dignity to dispense with diplomatic proprieties, which it
would certainly claim to Do strictly observed in its
own recard. However painful this owt A may be, it re
duces itself, a8 may be seen, to a question purely per
sonal. It does not affect the interests of the two coun
tries or their mutual sentiments, The voyage which the
Grand Duke undertakes at this moment, on the invita
tion of theFederal Government and the hearty recep
tion preparing for him in America. are cou
sepicuous testimonies of the cordial relations of the
two Governments, At all times the question which
the American article deals with is one of those which
ought to be treated with propriety and reserve, and with
out either personal passion or projudice, We regret that
the American press does not always conforin to this
principle. Involuntarily, no doubt, it treats matters
with an ndiscretion and often oa violence
which are not admissible in diplomatic
concerns, and which, by delivering questions to popular
maligoity, may ive them an irritating character. But,
happily, the decigion remains in the ealmer hands of the
Governments, and we do not doubt for a moment that
the matter will be settled in a satisfactory manner by an
aunCable nnderstandiog,

TAXATION OF SPANISH BONDS,
THE MADRID PRESS ON THE PROPOSITION OF
THE MINISTRY.
From the Novedades,
We have communicated to our readers the
variations proposed by the Finance Mimster in the
Buadget presented hy Senor Ruiz Gomez, The latter,
following in great part, the plans of Senor Moret, had
presented the estimates balanced by the creation of
sundry posts. Senor Anglo, ceding to the sngecs
tious of the interested in these imposts, has canceled
them or reduced them, and to cover the sacnum
left in the ertunates of the revenne has hit npon the
impogition of 18 per cent, not only ou the luterior,
but also on the Exterior Debt, We declare
this impost on the foreign debt is nnjust and de
pressive to the decornm of the country. What! have
we not just added 10 this debt by a loan of 6,000,060
sterhing; has not that loan obtained brilliant results, the
cttect of confidence in our good faith? Has not our credit
been greatly raised, and Spani=h paper become an object
of demand in the foreign markets t For in these cireum
stances, we are about to tike 18 per cent off the payment
oflered by the country to those who have trusted in out
good faith, and thos defrand the legitimate hopes of
those who mtrusted ns with their money, believing in our
words. Thos apres may be thought strong, but woe
cannot find another stronger, The Spanish Cortes will
neser consent to it! There are things which may possibly
be legally done, but which public morality and national de
cornm render unpossible, To have aright to day to impo-e
anything on the foreign debt, we ought either not to have
made a loan in it, or to have declared beforehand that it
would be subject to the measures for the leveling of the
estimates whic the Government might propose and the
Parliament adopt. But in this case, on the contrary, the
former Ministry, more or less oflicially, or oftleionsly,
caused it to be understood that the foreign debt wonld
JeIGlA cxeTOTE from vupost, Under this idea the loan
in exterior debt was anounced, and under it the sub
seribers took part in it. It matters not that the Minis
try who made the loan is not the Ministry who to-day
propose to tax at. In international relations—in
compromises acqgmred an the name of the  coun
try, the Government 18 ever the same. Loess than
any Government can our present one belicove aiself ex
empt from following in this particular the footsteps of
its predecessor, for it sad at accepted each and every
one of the paris of the former one’s programme, Don’t
Jet them say there was no compromise legally acquired,
For Governments who wish to be respected, moral com
Promises are as valuable or more so than legal com
promises, Those who subscribed to our loan, believing
they were huving consolidated at 31, have a right to call
themselves deceived when they tind they bave bought
at 36. Tho examples of Italy and Austria are cited.
Lecanso those two conntries imposed a tax on their
foreign debt is no anthority for us to do the sme. When
they did it they had not just made a loan under condi
tions which appeared to remove all possibility of then
taxing [t.
From the Congtitucion,
i


The had condition of oor Pregsury and iis remedy are
exclusively national matters, and, a= sach, the wndolgence
of the holders of our Three per Cent Interior is conpseled
by prudence or patriotism; but with that the foreigners
resident out of Spain have nothing to do. Let at be ob
served that woe say the foreigners resident ont of Spain,
for, to our mind, the residence in spain of a holder of our
Debt, even though he be a Joreiphor, carries with it the
idea thaf he sharesthe Jeronal a Salifidgos froporiotiod
by the State to those who reside therein, such
as individual security, &c. Now that we have ex
presgod our opinion thus, let us add that as soon as
they knew in London of the project to tax the Exterior
Debt they came to the conclusion to ¢iose their Bolsa to
the guotation of our funds if it he passed into law, This
signities the death of our eredit abroad, just after the late
Radical Government of Senor Zorvilla had raised it to an
altitude wo honorable for onr country, Tins signifies
also a perennial difficnlty for the realization of loaus in
the probable case of our requiring them, and, heside that,
tho absence and withdrawal of foreign capital from all
classes of our industifal enterprises. Let us think well
whit we are doing; let us completely detach this ques.
tion from pohtics, and lef the Press of all parties venti
late a point which ko much affects, not only our vateral
prosperity at howe, but the honor of our country abroad,”










ENGLISH COMM ENTS LI'ON Hy MEASURE,
Fron The ondon Daily News of No A
The Spanish Government is as dishonest as
the telegrams have represented it. The ordinary com
wupications from Madrid continm last week's announces
went that its Finance Mimster deliberately proposes to
rob the foreign creditor. We use plain language adyised-
ly, because it is evident that the conventional and
wealy-wouthed way in which the nefarious designs of
confiscating Governments have been dealt with directly
tends to facilitate such dishonesty as now confronts ns,
It isp under the pretense of “taxiug” the coupons
of the foreign debt that the Government geeks to
plunder the foretzn creditor but the propriety of the
term gannot be adontted. There can be no question of
fax Ae If tha Spanish Government ordered an
iron-clad frigate mn Evgland at a certam price, and then
pretended to dednet 18 per cent of the price is a tax, the
absurdity of the attempt would defeat it. But the posl
tion of the holder of the foreign debt of Spain is that of a
ercditor, and nothing more. The Spanish Goverment
has an internal debt which, having becn issued at Madrid,
18 supposed to be held by subjects of the Spanish Crown
and if foreigners like to purchase that they buy it
with its liabilities, but the external debt wis raged
in foreign countries, and the money was lent by
persons between whom and (he Spanish gqrerstuan no
relations existed except tho-e of arblor and creditor eres
uted by the contract, ene foreign eraditor of Spain ean
not be HaWf€ 18 pay faxes on his bonds, for he stands out
side of the whole syste of Spanish government. There
the representatives of Spain found him when
they needed his aid, and there they ave bound
to pay Jum dis dividends as they fall due
It wou'd be easy to show that the folly of this proceed
INE 1s eqrial 1o its imaguity; but it would be useless, The

aithors of this confiscation scheme must be infatuated
if they fancy that Spanish credit can survive it. J
haps at the cleventh hour the honor of the country may
be saved by the Cortes; bat in any case the world fs
wiorned (haf, whatever thrones may rise or full Spain,
He Munsters Lave yet to learn that honesty is the best
vu
Jozeupyra, Va, Nov, 18. In the United
od LE


Slates Court to-day, in the injunchion cise of Tyron agt. The
Virginia and Teunessee Railroad Company, Mr. Baldwin
closed hin argument for the complamant. The Court
then took a recess until 4 o'clock, Upon the reassembling,
Judge Bond delivered the opinion of the Court, refusing
the preliminary injnuetion on the ground that the Atlan
tie, Mississippt and Ohio Canpany should be made a
party to the suit, and granted leave to amend the bill
im this respect. Judge Rives then delivered au opipion
concurring with that of Judge Boud, in which he said 1f
wir clesr that the stockbolder, complainant, could HL
be forced by the act of consolidation to merge his Kock,
bit when the proper parties were hrauyl 7 he conld
call the Atlantic, Mississippi sand ofito “Company to
account for its dealing with the, property of the Virgina
und Tennessee Company.»


ATT rn AND DEVOURED BY HOGS,
A 4 pe
Sr. Lovis, Nov. 18 Frances Shumaker, a
poor woman Yying near Grand Towers, 11, was brutally
murdered last Monday night. She was first attacked in
her house and beaten with a club, but escaped and wus
followed and struck with Ao ax and ber head almost
severed from her body. When found, the reniuns were
nearly devoured by Loge. No clue has been oblaived Lo
the revise le re: t'n

CRIMEA AND CARUALTIES—BY TELEGRATH.
The steamer Mary E. Ranford of Finfadelphii
1» ashore A Hatteras Lighthouse, The vessel inn total Joss, Lut a
portion of cargo has been paved.
ly ship St. James of Richmond, Me, with
peiiroad rion from Curdifh for New Orleans, went asivie on the u ght ot
tbe 16th inst. on Coacl's reef, $0 wies from Key Wen.
....Wm. H. Vallely, a deputy-jailer of St. lLaw
rence (no. N.Y. who is charged with having set at Liberty four horglars
for Uribe of $500, about a tear ago. was arrested ou Thursday at Kaunas
City, aud is pew on route to Uns ibs
ln Lynn, Mass. on Friday evening. the wife of
John Cliplyn. barber, was discover in there dwelling shockingly
huroed apd dead. Ast hnton and Lis wife were Apent to have violent
ukrrein, be ip under arieat pemling the gure,
The charred remains of John McDevitt, the
ede! cated billiard plaver, were found on Saturda asl Wenge under te
rons of The Tribune buidiog Me was lam sets ot the worsing of the
tire lu front of the balding somes is’ han ieated,

co The jewelry vias of 1. S& Pranks, in Phila
Celplin, war robbed by burglar oo Saturday night. uf $20.00 worth of
wil bes ete Oue of the buiglars cones nbed bimee fn the upper part of
the building 1b the day Lime aud adultes Lin coufedeiates during the
Lig
A row of wooden 1 dings on North Main-st.,
Rprupte o Mass, owied Ly Wo... Als am! ecenpied for stores and
fetes tin, Why partial Vodepipore rh cesieriay morn ig Fourteen
teu inents were buroed out The wal fons 18 $25 00 of whl 1
falls ou Mr. Albis, losured for about ove-hall of that suuunt
Dr O. H. Hess, formerly business janager of
Cronty ov (ope rn Howse aitempiod Wo commit suicule 1b Uhiage, on Nat.
Lidky LY ebony Wnee ll, The Lal! catered the eM breast but dd net
Vere inie une ehouy ote voles un tutu! wound wd be in bob mnoeely
ote bomen felipe sit sang ed sp (Le hue of ther abemgt
MIRE RE ATR A DECISION.


TAMMANY SAVINGS BANKS.
GOING DOWN WITH THY rive
FAILURE OF THE GUARDIAN SAVINGS INSTITU
FION, AND CONFLICTING RUMORS ABOUT THE
BOWLING-GREEN SAVINGS BANK AND THE
NATIONAL SAVINGS INSTITUTION.
i NALTIUNAL SAVIN IOLA U MIVA.
Nearly every Tammany leader has had his
name associated with some Savings, Btate, or National
Bank in this city, Men whose knowledge of finance was
as limited as their acquaintance with integrity, boldly
assumed the management of financial institations which
only the greatest experience and attention oonld control
successfully, With the downfall of the Ring these banks
were terribly shaken, and already some lave failed,
while several more will probably follow.
THE GUARDIAN SAVINGS INSTITUTION,
This bank, situated at No. 164 Chatham -st., wna the
first of the Ring banks to succumb to the shock. Its
President is Willian M. Tweed, Vice-Presidents Walter
Roche and Owen Brennan, aud Secretary William L. Ely.
The directors were, with few exceptions, office holders
in this city. Toe names of the Finance and Executive
Committee appear on one of the windows, a8 follows:
Victor NI. Rice (dead), William M. Tweed (nnder $1,000,000
bail), Owen W. Brennan, Commissioner of Charity and
Correction, Charles E. Wilbour (President of the New.
York Printing Company), James H. Ingersoll (out of the
County to escape arrest), Gilbert Palmer, John C, Kid
den, Daniel Berrien,
The failure of this bank is attributed to the very recent
withdrawal of $100,000 by woman, whose intimate rela
tions with a member of the Ring, have been a matter of
notoriety for along time. When the managers of the
Guardian Institution saw the approaching crisis, they
applied to Tweed for help, and, as they allege, he
promised in the most solemn manner to protect them
but when the trial came he coolly informed lis tricnds
that he had not so nuch as $10.000, and did not
know where ho could borrow a dollar. Those
to whom he said this felt very eure that
he had at least $1,000,000 in ready cash which he conld
draw wt bis pleasure, Intelligent persons who know the
condition of the bank think that depositors will ulti
mately be paid in full, Within a short time Mr, Tweed
and other embers of the Ring who Kept deposits in the
Guardian have withdrawn over $00,000 from the institu:
tion. As for “the Boss,” it is notorious that he has
recently been converting his personal property, fre
quently at ruinons prices, into ready money, and those
who know him well have no doubt of his intention to lice
the conntry.
Deposited with the bonds was a epectal fand helonzing
to the city (consisting of moneys left by deceased persons
without kindred), which is controlled by an othe
known as the Public Administrator, who cannot, how
ever, draw without a warrant from the Controller. On
Thursday, Deputy Controller Green issned his warrant
anthorizing the Union Trust Company to take possession
of this mud, wmnounting to $66,000. On Friday the Deputy
Controller received information from the ‘Teast Company
that the cheek was unpaid and his warrant dishovored,
On Thursday Mr. Gill, a depositor, determined to with:
draw his deposits, and made the usual application, The
demand was met with the reply that the bank was ai
able to pay, no funds for the purpose being available,
Mr. Gill took steps to secure his deposits, and obtained
an order from Judge Darvard, appointing Jervemah
Quinlan Receiver,


f

Willkum M. Tweed stated on Saturday that he knew
nothing of the affairs of the concern, as he was not an
active participant in ita administration that his nine
and Mr. Elv’s had been asked ax officers to give ita pop
ulavity. Ely, on being found, admitted that he wis
Secretary, but professed to know nothing about tie
bank's affairs. He stated that the late Victor M. Rice
and himselr were init at its organization as President
and Secretary respectively; that a few years later, when
Lie (Ely) hud other duties of an urgent character to attend
to, William 11. Doughty, by a resolution of the Board,
wits appointed Treasurer, with power to sign (Leeks, and
over since he (Doughiy) had been Secretary, aud he
and Walter Roche had ran the cooacern together, He
sald he had no doubt that the bank had suthcient to pay
all drafts, cither on the special or savings banks deposit,
and unless the mortgages on which loans had been mado
were frandulent, it was impossiole for the bank to go
under. Other ofileers of the bank say that they have
abundant assets, in the shape of bonds, mortgages, &c.,
which eaunot be negotiated at once, These ame sad to
amount to $600,000, but the amount of the deposit 1s not
kKuowu., Ax it had no connection with the Cieaning
House, it redeemed throngh the Bowery Dank,










THE BOWLING GREEN SAVINGS BANK.
The failure of the Guardian Savings Institution brong lit
a run on the Bowlhing-Green Savings Bank, of which
Police Commissioner Heoury Smith is President, and
Police Justice Hogan and ex Supervisor Walter Roche i
are Vice-Presidents. The number of depositors is very
large, and most of them are poor working people, The
officers were not able to pay the denands, and the hank
suspended payment during the atteruoon, having ex
haunsted all of its ready money $30,000.

Bhepherd Knapp, jv, has beca appointed Receiver,
The liabilities of the bank are about $500,000, awd the othe
cersare eonfident that tho assets are sullleient to meet
all the demands of depositors, nore especially as Reeves
E. Selmes, the Secretary of the bank, has assigned real
estate to the vide of about £150,000 as additional secur:
ty for the payment of depositors. The oflicers of this
bank hope nitiimately to resume Husginess, but itis by no
wens certain that they will be able to do so. Much
fecling is evinced ag.onst the officers and directors of
the bank by the people of the First Wand,
THE NATIONAL BAVINGS INSTITUTION,
The National Savings Institution, corner of Broadoay
and Houston-st., also suspoanded on Saturday. With bat
fow exceptions, the oflicers and trustees ure counsctod
with Tammany Hall. John MeB, Davidson is President,
Heury smith and John T. Barnard, Vice-Presideuts;
John B. Greene, Treasurer; and Joseph R. Frith, Seere
tary. The Trastees are John McB. Davidson, Henry
Smuth, John I. Barnard, Richard dM. Tweed, Charles 1H,
Hull, George H. Mitchell, George W. Butt, Reeves E,
Selmes, Cammings 1, Tucker, Joseph B. Young, Walter
Roche, John M. Costa, Janes H, Coleman, John Siosson,
Franeis Hikning, Wu. R. Stewart, and Alexander Shaler,
The bank has only been in operation snes July 1, and
consequently no statement has been wade to the Bank
superintendent,



pss

The Press Association formshes a report that on
application of Charles A. Holl, a depositor to the
amonnt of $854, the bank informed lin that they were
unable to meet ;the demand, and Mr. Hos atte on
at once apphed to Judge Barnard for £10 appointment of
a receiver, The peice wus granted, and Edward’
Sciie]l of the Meslhattan Bauking Institution, corner of
Bleecker. and Broadway, was appointed Reeelver, is
brother, Richard Schill became his bondsman in 0,00,
Walter Roche, one of the Directors, furnished $17,000 in
cash to secure the depositors from any serious incon
venience. Mm Roche, it is said, also furnished on Satur
duy $500,000 in unincumberod real estate to the Receiver
of tne Guardian Savings Bank, and $40,000 in a mortgage
on his own private residence to the Bowlhug-green
savings Bank.
The following war received at a late Lour this morning
and seems to imply that satisfactory arringement Law
been made for continuing the business of the National
Havings Bank:
Rumors having been [eirculated in the Snuday
papers detrimental to the eredit of the National Savings
Bank, No. 609 Broadway, corner Houston-st,, I take
pleasure in stating that the Bank is entirely solvent, and
that all depositors will be paid in full upon presentation
of their pass-books. HENRY SMITH, Vice President.


New-York, Nov. 19, 181.

OTHER BANKS,
i
Qeveral other banks were reported to have failed,
awong which were the Yorkville Bavings Bank, corner
of Eiglty-sixth-st. and Tlird-ave.,, of which Keuator
Heury Genet 18 President, and the Manhattan Savings
Bank of No. 644 Broadway, of which E. J. Brown is
President. Both of these banks were, however, ollicially
«tated to be solvent.
FIRE IN ABTENEMENT—A WOMAN FATALLY
ve BURNED
A fire occurred at noon, vesterday, on the
third floor of the rear frame tenement Nos, 6,7, and
9 Mulberry-st., occupied by sbout 26  fawilies.
There was great danger that many of the ten
ants on the upper floors would be burned, us
there were no fire-oscapos on the building. Boome
of the tenants oun the upper floor escaped by
the roof, a few were rescued by ladders, but the greater
pumber reached the street in safety by the stairways,
Mrs. Aun Walsh, age 43, while kindling a fire in the
stove, poured kerosene on the flame, An ex
plosion followed, the oll In the can was
jewied, apd lp B® moment alo wwe enycloped


in flame. She was taken out by the police and fire
men, but waa shockingly burned about the face, body,
and limbs, She was removed to the Park Hospital, but
there is no chance for her recovery. The tenants lose
about $3,000. The building I= owned by Peter Dolan, and
14 damaged 84,000; partially insared. The bnfdime was
known years ago #8 the Baptist ‘Taveivacle, aid was
loug uscd as a place of worship.
WASHINGTON,
THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY
COMING HOME—INDIAN AFFAIRS IN ARIZONA.
IBY IELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.
WASHINGTON, NOV. 1¥, 15d
It is stated that Judge Richardson, Assiglant Secretary
of the Treasury, now in London with a corps of 10 or 12
Treasury clerks, will close his business in cornection
with the Syndicate, and retin to is duties here early
In January,
Ex-8enator Wade has returned here, and will remsin
for the most of the session as the attorney for the.
Northern Pacific Railroad. His business has no connec
tion with the Santo Domingo anuexation sch Ie, a8 le
ported in some of the Demoeratie papers,
The Hon. Horace Maynard of Tennessee ig here, and
was at the Treasury Department yesterday, making in
quiries regarding the ease of ex Representaiive slokes,
recently indicted for participation iu the alleged Teu
nessee bounty frauds,
ICENPRAL PRESS DISPATCH)
There is no doubt, judging from the nuwerons letters
recently received here, that Congressinen from the Pa
cific coast will move for an fugniry into the management
of Indian aflairs, in order to ascertain offi ally whether
the peace policy as adinjuistered through the Board of
Indian Commissioners has been sucessful. It is argned
by the writers of the letters that while the Commission.
ers are doubtless influenced by humare motives, the pol
icy cannot be applied indiscriminately to all Indian
tribes and bands, They say, thongh it may sne
ceed with some of the savages, others being
more ageiessive and warlike, cannot be brought
under  civihizing influences, and therefore the
peace and the war policies should be sopiarniely applied,
as circumstances may require Friends of tho ove
policy, ou the other hand, charge that the Indian Reser
vation system 14 in danger of nor having a fair trial in
Arizona, and in support of this assertion they refer to in
formation recently received from (the Camp Grant Reser
vation, which ehows that the white citizens of Tucson,
having failed in their late effort to break up the reserva
tion hy means of an armed force, now resort to the novel
expedient of inducing the Grand Jury to find indict.
ments aanst individual Indians, charging them with
mnrder, &e., and sending bailiffs, assisted by soldiers
fuinighied by the military commander, to the reservation
to search tor and arrest them. Tho effect of the
marching of the armed force throngh the reser
vittion has been to drive the Indians away.
At the ast ation day it appeared that about
one-halfof the Indias, alarmed for their gersonal satety,
had fled to the mountains; hence there is danger that
these fugitives may return to then old habits ot stealing
their food, One of the chiefs who had been thins innted
deseribed Lis situation, while speiking to the agent, Wao
is an otlicer of the army. Me sod: After my people
were Kitled, at the massacre of April a0, aod my enliven
taken captive by the people of “Caeron, and (he soldiers
having again tired upon me, I went to the monntiains,
upon the war-path, They had killed my two wives, my
four children, and 46 women and eluldren of ay band,
and I owas crazy. Who would not have been
When vou sent a man out to the mountain,
tor me, telling me a commission sent by the Great Parher
was at the post to talk to me and make peace with us,
and oe to sec me, 1 came in, You prowised me
safety, I told bi all I had done, and he ~cod to wef 1
would live here and do right all should be forgiven, and
I came in with my people, but was soon told tha! some
of my people were oflered 30 pase nf calico to kdl mie,
You told wef I was attacked the soldiers would fight
for us, but instead of that I am wow hunted by the
soldiers from the reservation, and 1 am oblioed to hide
hike a doc, will do nothing to breas up the peace, but
reels tis not to be a peace for mee”
mi
COTTON CROP TROSPECTS.
REPORT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE,
WastinGaron, Nov, 18.—The November re
turns of the Department of Agciiculture relative to the
condition and yield of the cotton crop indicate a larger
product than was expos ted tn Octoler, und promise
fully to make ood the moderate expeetat.ons of July
snd Angust. ‘There had been no killing frosts un to the
tate of these reports, Inu rvieh and well-enltovated soils
of the lower tior of Sites the plant was as gieen and
vigorous asin Kammer, no osome plices the top cron
wits matunng, though complaints of the immaturity op
loss of the later growth are quite general, ln the Jat
tude of middle Georgie the squares farted beiwern
August 25 and September 25, under favorable
circmnstances, piomise to mathe a gond come
won.” The principe] cause of the reduction of
yield in Texas is droath; 1a Lovisiaua drouth, io
sects and black vot; in Mississippi, wet weather in the
Spring, drought in the Bummer, and, in isolated sections,
the caterpillar, or boil wor; in Florida, driviog winds
and floods, which occasioned nearly ototal dostencion
of considerable areas. The dronght haswre ight nore or
less injury in Alabaa, Georgi, and South Caroling, Tne
vield per acre, as asdicated by county esthiocies, is
Lekest in Arkausas, decreasing a the following order:
Texas, Tennessee, Mississippi, Louisiana, North Caroliva,
Alabama, Georgia, South Carolan, and Florida, Toe
more northern belt of the cotton Bates shows tio Jet
reduction from the usngl averaces, The tabala iors tor
November are estimates for each eommuly of the total pro
duet of the vear, exvresscd as per centages of the actual
crop of last year. Taese ay graxes, adjusted with regard
to the relative production of tiv conntics reported, give
the following result for cach State: North Caroling, 20
per cent; Mouth Caroling, 8%; Georg, 67: Flocids, 38;
Alabanaa, 73; Mississippi, 72; Lowslang, €6; Toxas, 6s;
Arkansas, +0; "ten ossed, V0,


i
I








A few counties in Virgicia, Kentneky, and Missonii
make reports of much the sare tenor as the retains from
North Carolina and Tennessee, The quality of the fiber
is repowd good in all rections, Up to the present date
a very small proportion of diseolored or trashy cotton
hae teen gatherad, Some attention has been pad to the
neprovement in quality by the deiroducton of the
Specier” and other baproved varieties. Many corres
spondents note the superiority in yield and comparative
exemplion from disease, under carctul caltiue ana Ju
Cretonrs iettitization.,
AN AI'FRAY ON THE NOKTH KIVER-TWO MEN
SHor.
An unknown schooner ran mio a tow of
canal boats, off Youkers, carly ou Satorday, and the
vessel and boats were slighfly damagea, After tle
vessel had swung ciear some one on the canal-bout
American Bagle shouted to the captain of 1he scooner
that he ought to be ghot for his carelessness, Soon after
ward a gun was discharged by some ono on the vessel, a
pummber of the fine shot taking «ffect in the back and
shoulders of Capt. John Connors of the American
Eagle, causing painful, but uot serious wounds.
The greater part of fh chine, howeyer, entered
the arms, body, and logy of Yiluea li a deck:
band, who was standing near the captain, The
schwoner sailed away jn_the gurkivess, On the arrival
of the tow at Pier No. 5 I. k., the wounded men were re
meved to the Park Hespatal, Hill was found to Lave
reesived 70 shot and Connors 1%, HI, whose recovery is
very doubtiul, is a resident of Verwiliion, (oywewo
Connty, where he has a wife and Ginéd J lier. Eros
ale waking oy Ui Police 1G avast gse hits RMA




ae
UNSUCCESSFUL ATTEMPE TO LYNCH A CON
DEMNED MI RDOERLR.
Inviasaroris, Ind, Nov. 19.—A mob, last
night, at Brookville, Ind, forced the jail and attemple d
to take out McDonald Cheek, confined for the murder of
Lis father-in-law, at Lawrenceburg, Tad, a year ago,
with the supposed tutention of lynching him. Check
knocked down the first wan that came into his cell, and,
taking a revolver from him, defended himself bravely.
Many of the mob were hurt, The jailor in the mean
time a and rang the fire-alarm, which brought a
number of citizens to his aid, whereupon the mob seat
tered, but uany were recognized notwithstanding their
disguise, Cheek was tried and sentenced to be hanged,
Last October the Supreme Conrt granted a new irial, and
it is feared that his sentence will be hght, hence the
oo ons of Raa aenanla
A DISHONEST HARDWARE CLERK.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 19.—The chict salesman of
Howell, Gans Co, prominent hardware dealersdiere,
has been discovered practicing agystew of embeeziement
upon the firm which has extended through a number of
years, and yo about $15,000. The course pursued
Wis to ship goods 10 au innocent customer iu Chicago,
who was made to believe that by fitting thew through
the salesman he was procuring them cheaper. Goods
thus shipped were never entered on the books of the
fire. Tue offender, when confronted by his accusers,
confessed and wade arrangewents by which the larger
part of theamouut wil be refurned to le thin, bis frends
LD orecing to wake up the deticit.

TIT FGPAPHIC NOTLS.

CA hill for the repeal of female sulivage 18 now
before the Wem ng Legislature,
The damage to the Eastern Railroad, Massa
chase Ms, has bred repaired, and trains are sow running regularly


The Swiss citizens of Washington celebrated
the “t4th anniversary of Swiss independence, oa Friday eveuing. by a
ball and bauquet.

The Rev. Edward A. Whittier of Lowell, Mass.,
former! pastor of the Brasch-st. Baptist Uburck, bas beer taken to the
iusau  asvlum at Worcester.
A heavy snow-storm accompanied with a gale,
prev Vet on Sataniew at Omaba. Telegraphic communication with Ban
raneisco was Inte rmupied.
The Athletic Base Bail Club of Philadelphia
have recs ved notice from the Chawpionskip Committee that tie Athletics
bave been declared champivis, aod that the champs peunaub annals
wer ores
Ihe Methodist Church at Great Bend, Penn.,
wan Wtally destroyed by fire about 7:00 p.m. Saturday. Loss, $18,000
ingmrance only $4,000. The bre i» sappuscd to bave been caumy Ly su
Hite of gas io the par, It was with great dilicalty i [TS
1 house aid vibes bw idinge were saved,
THE GRAND DUKES ARRIVAL
THE FRIGATE SVETLANA IN THE LOWER
BAY.
SKETCH OF HER VOYAGE—RECEPTION BY VICE
Coad Ian Avr ier vere
CATACAZY—-THE MILITARY RECEPTION ToO
DAY.
ADMIRAL ROWAN AND
The frigate Svetlana, flag-ship of the Rus
gian squadron, commanded by Vice-Admiral Possiet, sr
rived at Bandy Hook yesterday, with the Grand Duke
Alexis on board, and is now anchored in the Lower Bay,
thus rewarding at last the ceaseless vigil maintained for
42 days by the reception fleet. The United States revenues
cutter Northerner, Capt. McGowan, ateamed out to rea at
6a, m. yesterday in quest of the frigate, and return ng
at 9 announced to the fleet that the Russian flagship was
at anchor about three miles beyond the Hook. Tle
weather was very hazy auring the entire morning, and
the signal announcing the arrival had not been displayed
upon Sandy Hook, bunt everything was at ones made
ready upon the vessels of the reception fleet for getting
under weigh, The Northerner had brought the intelli
gence that the Svetlana would enter the Lower
Bay between 10 amd 11 o'clock, yet it was
fully 12 when a large three-masted vessel was
seen slowly steaming in past the Hook, attended
by the steamer Northerner. Ax she rounded to after ¢n
tering the Lower Bay, to take up her place among tho
squadron in the Horseshoe, she fired o national salute of
21 guns. The Russian flag was at once run up to the miz
zen masthead of all the United States vessels, and tho
salute returned from the Congress, Severn, Iroquois, and
Kansas, Tue Svetlavpa came slowly to her anchorage,
and cach vessel uk she passed dipped her colors. Tio
Grand Duke gtood upon the bridge with Capt, Kremer,
and aa the Svetlana woved close to the U. 8. frigate Sev.
ern the oflicers ou deck ralsed their caps and =aluted tho
Duke, who lifted Lis cap and bowed in ceturn,
At 1:28, the Svetlana cast anchor about 500 yard« to the
southward of the U. 8. flagship Congress, and at the
same moment a salute of 16 guns was ticed from the
latter in honor of Vice-Admiral Possict, Capt. Dinitro
of the Bogatire aud Capt. Shantz of the Abreck
went promptly on board the Svetlana to
report to their superior officer. Vice-Adwirad
Rowan's barge left the Congress at 146 tor the
Svetlana, and the Admiral npon going on board was vo
ceived at the gangway by Vice-Admiral Possiet, The
two officers remained together until 2:10, when Adnral
Rowan left for the Congr s&, receiving, as his boat pushed
off, a salute of 16 guns from the Svetlana. The Abreck
aud Bogatire did not participate in any of the honors uf
the day, which secmed to be reserved for the Russiau
flasship alone,
1biough the courtesy of Viee-Admiral Rowan, a roe
porter of THE TRIBUNE was conveyed on board the
svetiann yesterday afleraoon, and was received by Capt
Oscar Kiemer, The captun stated that after Je
Svetlana had scparated from the Bogatire on Nov. ii
Jatiiude 200 N., she cacountered favorable winds until
the 10th, when off Cape Hatteras a storm began which
prevailed for nearly ciglil days, During six days of this
time it wus  Jmpos=itle to make any astro
nowmfeal observations or In any manner to des
termine the location of the vessel, The pale
cae np from the gouth-west, but arterward veered to
the north-west, and then to the north, On Nov, 11 and 4
the gale was particalaly heavy, ana topanls wera
closely recfed down, After the 14th the wind
selticd to the uorthenst, and Llew efteadi’y, ens
abling the Betetlana to lay her course loses
hauled, Last Friday might olbrorvations were tahen
by the stars, and the poxition of tue ves] wen
fined as 10 wiles off Cope May, A pilot wos token on
board off Burnet Light at 4 poo. en satnrday, and tha
Svetlana came to anchor just onteide the bar at 7 pan,
She did not receive any dae ze to her masts or vigeing
in the severe gales on the coast, and, aithongh en cane
tering the heaviest weather, did not ship any eas
The Grand Dube wis walking the deck am comnony
with Coubt Olsonuflic dl, Lic atenmt of the Hors At wore
of the Guards, Add de-camp io the Dake, Hs foporeed
Highness, Alexis Avxandrovitel, was de seed na
plun ouit of bHlick beuvor loth, withoat lee, Lene,
oF orinouent, save the epanleis of a Deaton or,
and ware the wl th tto) ped Nuvy vap,
The Duke is tat and strongly body, with aples ont fa
and the air of a gentleman, Is eleor canplosien i= on
perfect accord with Bis ght boi and whishors ono Lies
eyes. Ho specks Raglish quite lacoily, and bu coi sens
sation appears jo precr ic to Fooels,
Tae steevaer Autdrew Fletolor aerived at 3 with Mme
frter Catacazy and snite, Tre Soetima low orcd a taut to
tohe Lite on board, the wmeines were drawn von diery
gable, and A brass band of 20 pivees played» Log
Evitzeline,” The Mini ter was received ai the are
beard covgway by Admiral Possiet and Capt, koarer,
and was presented by the former tothe Grand Duke, sv lio
stepred from Jus position ox officer of the deck tore vg
hun, The Munster wag covaucted below tothe eatin ot tha
Duke, which is situated in the alter pari of the cun«dock,
The whole of that deek oft of the mainmi st 1s devoted to
the Grand Do he and pvate, and 3 fond bed in hiodsc me
style, the uphoistery beivg jo searlet seating Heavy gioon
cuttinns dovde the apartinent into parlor wna draw iige
room, while on tie starboard side of the latter i= the
state-room of the ule, The deck within the apart.»
ents is covered with bravy silk carpet, and the stein
windows are hueg with lice curlsins,  Nuwmorous jor
traits of the royalMonmily adorn the walle, Ajter on exe
tended deterview, Mmister Catacazy took bis dept ture
just after suneet, He will receive bis solute this we ne
ing. The ward room of the Svetlana is sieaied upon tho
verth deck, and is furvished with a large library,
THE SYLITANA,
Tie frigate Svetlana, 3.000 tune, carries 5 1-12
sanch vfle-bore steel) breechi-loaders, and fo oy hong Ge
inch rile-hore steel breech-loodor pavot gun... Heron
gies are of 450 horse-pover. Pubjomcd salve Ler
officers:
General Adjotant Vico Admidial Possict, Chief of the
squadron.
Oscar Kremer, adjutant to the Emperor, commander
of the Mmigate,
Captain, Lient, Leonide Mischiloff, first offic,
His Imperial Hughness Poace Alexis Alexandroviteh,
officer of the rst wilch,
Lieutenantg, Alex, Delivrony, Foeodore Jessen, van
Kosloft, Constantine Lane (Pay iscater), Karl Tador (07! yg
Oticer), Prince Yakotl Schakofsii.
Passed Midshipraeh, Alexander Ergowdstotl, Alexier
Kriiger, Alexander Menushikofl,
Frese Av$NEFY ommer, NTocl, Diofojenshy.
First Master, Staff Captatn Micha Hol or
Junior Masters, Second Licatenany Vain Kore
rine Ad EuNgu Peter Novitsk:
Cniel Engieer, Sceond Lieutenant Peter Joen,.
Assistant Engineers, Ensigus Petes Z ol won 0 Ole
stattine Potvoff,
storemaster, Lient. Vusally Sholkanofll
Commissary, Vassilly Dyan ofh,
Storekeeper, Vassily Plolhipob.
Chaplain, Pakory.
Hed Surgeon, Viadimr Kadi.
Assistant Surgeon, Viadinir Popol
Midshipinen, Alexander Bertakoft, Victor Jane b, Mor.
mal Beret, Viadimir Vieoti, Ivezauca Torctenoll, Joan
Lebedott. Paul Nicolaetl, third assistant evginecr,
THE RECEITION,
The steamer Mary Powell, chartered by the Reception
Cowmitice, will leave the foot of Vestry-st., Pies No. 9,
North River, at 10 this morning, and proceed down the
bay to take part in the reception, Collector Marphy,
Henry Clewe, and a party of gentlemen will leave The
barge-oftice dock ut 9 o'clock, in a revenue cutter, for the
cate purpose. An Adwiral’s salute will be tired from
the United States frigate Congress, Admiral Rowan's
flagship; all vessels in port will boist their national
colors, and the Svetiana, Bogatire, and Abreck wi be
escorted up the bay by the United States squadicr, fue
Mary Powell, and other steamers,
It is expected that the Grand Duke and bis site wil
laud about 2 p. m. at the Battery, where they will be ior
ceived by the Firat Division N, G. 8. N.Y, and exce no IH
The steamer Mary Powell, chartered by the Reception
Commitice, will leave the foot of Vestry-st,, ies No. 9,
North River, at 10 this morning, and proceed down the
bay to take part in the reception, Collector Morphy,
Henry Clewe, and a party of gentlemen will leave the
barge-oftice dock at 9 o'clock, ina revenue cutter, for the
cate purpose. An Adwiral’s salute will be tired from
the United States frigate Congress, Admiral Rows
flagship; all vessels in port will boist their national
colors, and the Svetiana, Bogatre, and Abreck wi be
escorted up the bay by the United States squadicr, fue
Maury Powell, and other steamers,
It is expected that the Grand Duke and bis site wil
laud about 2 p. m. at the Battery, where they will be ior
ceived by the Firat Division N, G. 8. N.Y, and exce 1 a
up Broadway to the Clarendon Hotel. The tions
ordered to parade will form in line at L130 p. Iho
Ninth will parade in full dress; roll call of companies at
the Armory at 11 a. m. Nou-commissjoned sill, bad,
and fleld mnsie will report to the Adjutant at the sino
time and place. Field and siatf (monuted) will repo” to
the Colon! 15 minutes thereafter. The band ol the 9h
Regiment on serenade the Grand Duke at the Conde
dou Hotel this eveuing.
1.
The 24! Regiment, Brooklyn, will assemble at the ‘re
mory at 11:30, and will form’ in jine fo Monroe place. tient
resting on Plerrepont-st,
Vice Admiral Rowan telegraphed last evening to Prosi
dent Grant the official aunouncewent of the mnval of
tne Grand Danke Alexis

The Grand Duke Alexis is the fourth boncvnt
third surviving son of the Kwperor Alexander IL or Koon
und his Empress, formerly Princess of Hesse. Helen w
In his 22] year, paving been born Jan, 2, 1880. His bi ih
wae attended with great danger to thy mother. ind
there were fears that the babe was still-boru. Woen
the father presented hiwself to the lmpensl group
with his son ln Bde Mile, the Kmporvs Novi
J
SKETCH OF THE GRAND DUKE.