Daily press.
POKTLAND.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14,1871.
The Ifiiiuuue Spirit of Morderu Cieilau
tion.
B< ore the last half of this century was the
spectacle of the whole world rushing to res
cue, lo comfort and to restate a ruined city,
ever seen Iu 1866 we of Portland saw it.
In 1S67 Chicago sees it. From present ap
peal ances the calamity is itremediable only
to far as it involved a loss of life and the
physical and mental anguish attending the
progress of the catastrophe. As for the
tueio pecuniary loss the country at large has
-^•taciily agreed to share it. It will fall heavi
ly on Chicago and also on Boston,New Yoik
Cincinnati, St. Louis, San Francisco and
a hundred other cities. Here is “solidarity”
—the genuine thing. Here is practical com
munion. The tens of thousands of people
wh are camping among the ruins or out on
the prairie, and who will to-day cat a diuuer
co< ked iu New York, a breakfast prepared in
Cincinnati and a supper that was sent from
St... Louts—whose fuel and clothing came
from remote parts of the country—will have
the best of reasons tor believing that the
“brotherhood of mail” is not a myth. For
tb liniment the situation is almost millennial,
an d there exists that ideal state of affairs,
which we have been accustomed to peer for
far iuto the tuture, when the whole world is
a mutual insurance company, aud each man
insures every other man from loss or harm.
no fully does the truth of the ideuity of all
human interests possess the minds «f men
th at the petty jealousies and animosities of
prosperous times have instantly disap
peared. Does not every reader of news
papers remember the curious wrangles
to which the rivalry between Cin
cinatti, Chicago and St. Louis gave rise I But
a d came to the distressed city from its rivals
v idle the smoke of its torment was yet rising.
S'i 1 more curious was the maguauimity of
the New York Tribune which lias habitually
spoken of the Chicago paper of the same
came as “that sheet which in Chicago dis
{races the. name of Tribune." The latter
having lost everything iu the fire, its New
York assailant, forgetting all about free trade
uud protection,promptly offered it material
with which to resume publication from the
ample stores which it has long kept in reserve
for a like emergency.
And there are other pleasant matters dis
closed by the Ch.eago fire. Those things
1 hat have been regarded as an indication of
the liaid materialistic spirit of the age—as
I lit* badges of its grasping, heartless, .money
getting tendencies—have proved the swiftest
and most efficient instruments in this crisis.
"What greater service have rail and telegraph
even done than to tell the tale ot Chicago’s
w:oes aud carry succor so quickly These
aud like agencies will sometime render such
catastrophes impossible. They will bring a
city’s neigebors in time not only to succor
but to save. The French maxim well says
that “we look behind us for the golden age,
when lo, it is betore!”
1 HE reiegtapn gives us a taint idea of the
destruction of life aud property in the North
west by fires. lu ordinary times the recital o'
tuls story would create wide-spread sympa
thy aud command universal attention.
Whole counties have been devastated. Vast
forests, (arms aud farm buildings by hundreds,
whole villages have been swept away, and,
it Is feared, hundreds of people have been vic
tims to the devouring element.
One great fire is in Wisconsin, westward of
the North eud of Green Bay. Another is on
the neck ol laud in Michigan, between Sagi
naw Bay and Lake Huron, and over 200
miles in a direct line from Green Bay. Both
of these fires are in extensive lumber districts
from which tbe| Lake cities and the prairie
towns have received their supplies.
Ch'cago will feel these forest fires. That in
Miehigau is particularly severe. Village alter
village has been swept away, and many lives
have been 'ost. A third fire is in Indiana)
along the line of the Louisville and Chicago
Railroad, and south of Lafayetle. In Clay
County, on the Terre Haute Railroad, the
woods are all on fire. An extensive prairie
fire is also in progress in Miuneso'a.
We have been called upon by a distinguish
ed leader in the Methodist denomination to
make good the assertions in an editorial in
yesterday’s paper entitled “Church aud State”
so tar as it refers to the Convention held in
this city this week by ‘literal quotations” of
its proceedings or “retract” our “misrepresen
tations.” The eminent source from which
this demand comes renders its notice a mat
ter of justice. But we do not propose to re- I
tiaet but rather to give some quotations Irom
several speakers as taken by a very reliable
reporter, many of which we were uuable
to print in our report for want of space. The
policy ol Slate aid to denominational chools
ruus through all the addresses touching the
educational question. One said: It is the
duty of the Stale—laid down in the Constitu
tion—to foster Institutions of learniug. Di
rectly after the same speaker says “institu
tions of learning have no life uuless fostered
by denominations.”
And again: “The State owes a duty to de
nominational schools and ought to loster all
schools that produce good citizens.”
In another place: “All applications to this
State tor aid have been followed by long a„d
vigorous contests, other denominations bavin"
turned the cold shoulder to us.”
Another speaker said: "It State aid is to be
the policy, the Methodists can present a more
valid claim than any other denomination. She
(the Methodist church) only asks simple jus
tice.”
Again: “The State should assist sectarian
schools In co-operation with the church. This
is iollowed by a recotntnaudalion for more
schools in Aioostook and at other points,”
Another said: “The common schools can
only partially supply the needs of the State”
—the whole dritt 01 the address by reference
and assertion entorclng* the idea that it is the
duty ol the Slate to endow sectarian schools.
Similar remarks might be given to any
length, hut these are sufficient t« show that
there was the amplest ground for the Infer
ence in yesterday’s paper.
Political Notes.
Hod. A. B. Connell. Chairman of the New
York Republican Central Committee tele
graphed Col. Forney of Philadelphia on the
eve ol election that a considerable number of
Tammany’s repeaters had gone to the latter
city to aid their friends and that a large num
ber of fraudulent naturalization issued by the
New York Courts in 1868 had been sent to
Philidelphia for use in the election. Tam
many is yet active despite its little checks.
Tweed is rather rough on Gov. Seymour in
tbe following remark to that worthy at the
Rochester Convention:
“I come here branded as a rascal by the
Republican press. Only seven or eight years
a.o you came to Albany branded as a traitor
to y(,u- country by the samevenai press. Did
tbe Demoeraiic Convention propose to ex
clnde jou? No. Now, sir. I would ralber
be called a theif than a Iraitor to my coun
try. We come here as the regular delegates:
we demand admission.”
1 he New York Herald says “the result in
Pennsylvania has probably knocked into a
cocked hat Hancock’s picspects lor the Dem
ocratic nomination lor the Presidency. His
friends will not insist upon hts running when
his own State is likely to “go back” on him.’’
II is announced that the Republicans of
New York have arranged lor a perfect union.
An jexchange says Mother Greeley, with an
affection truly maternal, has kissed and made
up with Surveyor Cornell. She is also arrang
ing to embrace Collector Murphy—so every
thing is to be lovely. In the consoling lan
guage ol General John Cochrane, “by-gones’
are to be “bv gones.”
Labare’ soo.
fi-herman, aeed ®olomo“ Wamback, a
and four ch ldreo. The s’kulT tJ W'fe
cleft tpen by a blow lr„„, an° T'j* Was
tbe four children were bad.y cut Tv hree of
were Rufus, aged 8, Margaret 5, j
baby ot 9 months. The latter was Maug’bte, J
in a cradle. The three oldest slept in one bed
and were murdered, side bv side. Margaret
had her head severed from the body. The spec
tacle was a horrible one, the room looking like
a Blaoghter-housc, smeared with blood and
brains. Having completed the murders, Warn
hack tied heavy stones to his head and feet,
ane threw himself into a well and was drown
ed
Nothing was known of the tragedy till Mon
day morning when the neighbors called and
discovered it. It is represented that the fam
ily, though poor, lived happily belore the un
explained tragedy.

Religion*
Rev. Mr. Hardy, formerly of Miltou, has been
engaged to preach at the church in Presque
Isle for the coming year.
Tbe Methodist Episcopal church at Augusta
is wiping ofl'a debt of $4000 against it.
Ohs B. Rawson, of Paris, was ordained to
the Christian ministry as pastor of the Baptist
church in Bethel, Oct. 4.
•lhe Oxford Baptist quarterly meeting was I
held at Bean’s Corner, Bethel, Oct. 3d. There
was a good attendance, notwithstanding the
dull weather. A good spirit was manifested
in the meetings, giving promise ot good re
sults among the churches in the coming
mouths.
Zion’s Herald gays: Methodism is steadily
increasing in the western part of York county.
We hear excellent reports trom York, Kittery,
Kittery Navy Yard, South Elliot aLd Elliot.
At Elliot, Rev. G. E. Cobb has been holding
meetings since camp-meeting, with glorious
results. Some twenty-five or more have be
come the subjects of converting grace, and the
work is sti*l progressing.
The thirtieth anniversary of the settlement
of Rev. S. E. Dike as pastor of the Sweden
borgian Society ia Bath, was celebrated in a
happy manner, at his residence in that city,
Tuesday evening.
Mr. H. L- Stetson, formerly of Greene, was
ordained on the 20th ult. over the Baptist
church in Griggsv'lle, III.
The Massachusetts Methodist Convention
gives place this year to to New England Meth
odist Educational Convention, which will be
held next month.
The failure of the Southwestern Baptist Pub
lication H use is reported. In twoyoars it has
sunk a capital of $00,000.
A new building is erecting in Hartford for
the Women’s Christian Association of that
city. It is iutended as a home where young
women may be provided with wholesome food
aud comfortable and pleasant lodgings at such
prices as may be within their means.
Dr. Cote writes to tbe Religious Herald that
the Baptist church in Rome has been prosecu
ted before the civil courts, at the instigation of
the priests, on the plea that its meetings are
immoral and ought to be prohibited. Tbe im
morality consists in attacking the errors of
the Papacy. The trial is exciting great inter
est in the city.
The granting of religious liberty in Saxony,
Germany, by statute, in 1870, has given rise to
iucrcased activity among the Methodist mis
sionaries of that couutiy. Before the act of
1870, the State forbade tbo organization of in
dependent churches, and forcibly repressed all
dissenting bodies of Christians. Tbe new lib
erty has enlarged the enterprise of the mission
workers.
The Lutherans have been overtaken bv the
woman movement At a meeting of the Tenth
District Conference ot the Synod of Pennsyl
vania it was voted: ”1, That it is desirable to
re-establish the office of deaconess in our con
gregations; 2, That believing and intelligent
women should be regularly appointed by the
congregations and formally inducted into of
fice; and 3, That the Synod should instruct its
liturgical committee to prepare a form for the
installation of such officers and a general state
ment ol the duties to be attended to by them.”
The Cate of Blai-y MeCaverty.
Some of those who read the report of the ar
rest and examination of Mary MeCaverty for
attempting to poison her child in this city last
June, have expressed surprise that she was
not brought to trial and sentence in the Supe
rior Court at its next criminal term. The fol
lowing remarks ol Judge Goddard at the time
her case was disposed of will tend to explain
the matter. The Judge said:
This womau has been indicted by the Grand
Jury lor au attempt to murder her own child
iothisciiy, lastJuue.the inlaut being at the
time more than three mcuths old.
Although I do not understand that she de
nies her guilt, yet the Couuty Attorney lias
called the attention ol the court to a request
addressed to him by the Mayor, the Sheriff,
the City Marshal, one of the Deputies aud oth
er influential citizens, desiring that this pris
oner may he released without puuisbmeut; he
further states that the foreman and a very large
na.joriiy of the grand jury have expressed a
similar wish, aud now the County Attorney
desires to carry this suggestion into effect, by
entering a nol pros
Very rarely will the court exercise the ex
traordinary power ol relusiug to permit the ot
ticer elected by the citizens ol the couuty to
represent the State to discontinue a prosecu
tion when in the judgment of the Couuty At
torney his duty to the public requires it. The
present public prosecutor has the entire confi
dence ol the court, and 1 do not propose to
make this case au exception.
The penalty of the crime fur which the pris
oner stands indicted is not less than one nor
more than twenty years in the Stale Prison,aud
before allowing an entry to be made which will
release her without trial or sentence to any
penalty whatever, I deem it my duty te mysell
aud to the cause of justice aud morality, to
make certain suggestions which the remarka
ble situation of this case requires.
The undisguised aud u neon trad icted facts as
stated to the court by the County Attorney are
briefly these:
This woman, now twenty years of age, alter
a period ol voluntary illicit intercourse with a
man in New Brunswick, at length experienced
the natural result, and leaving her home came
to Portland in order to avoid public exposure.
In this I think she did wisely, for by so doing
she succeeded iu concealiBg from her parents
the fact of her pregnancy and the birth of her
child.
She represents that she was seduced under
promise of marriage.
If her statement is true it does net relieve
her from voluntary participation in his offeDce,
lor she does not pretend lhat she w as outraged.
The alleged seducer is not withiu the juris
diction of Ibis Court, aud great indignation is
justly expressed against him.
But it we had him before the Court I fear
that public indignation would not last long
enough to >u-tuin the Judge in passing a very
seveie sentence.
Experience does not justily much confidence
in any vigorous public seutiment against the
sednetr or the adulterer; everybody knows
ibat even when grand juries leel compelled 10
indict for such offences, traverse juries are ex
tremely reluctaut to cunvict, judges are freely
criticised for passing severe, sentences aDd ex
ecutives are too often over-persuade^ to par
don.
When this woman’s child had lived three
mooths, her parents wrote to her to return to
N. P. Iu this dilemma she wrote to an un
married sister, younger than herself, whom she
hid made a confidant before leaving home,
asking her counsel. The sister advised to lose
no time in getting rid of her child by poison,
atd recommended a solution of copperas,
wliereupuu this unnatural mother proceeded
to procure, prepare and administer the drug;
but the child rejected the nauseous dose so
persistently that the womau was unable to
lorce enough of the poison down its throat to
sill it,although she succeeded in inflicting on
it a long and dangerous illness.
For the escape of the child from a miserable
death, let due recognition be made to merciful
Providence; certainly no credit belongs to its
mother, who confessedly and deliberately plan
ned aud did all in her power to effect its secret
mui'ici. iin uuuic was its u u ueuessary a» ll
was atrocious; she was under no obligation to
return home; her friends had no power to com
pel her to leave Portland, Yet, rather than
forego or postpone her journey, she deliberate
ly resolved to put to death her own child. The
maternal instinct was so feeble, so dead, that it
did not even suggest to this mother’s mind the
invention of some plausible excuse for her fail
ure to return when her parents called for her
but rather accepted the infamous proposition
of poison. Now if this girl had planDeu the
murder of one of my children or of the May
or’s, for so inadequate a temptation, no voice
would have been raised in her behalf. And
can it he that it is less a crime for a mother to
attempt to poison her first born child, three
full moulhs old, to avoid a little temporary in
convenience? Id my first charge to the grand
jury three years ago, I felt it my duty to speak
thus:
“The horrible brutality of the act, the ineffa
ble meanui-ss of such a crime agaiust a de
lenceless infant by her whom mere animal in
stinct ought to make its first protector, usually
the utter inadequacy of the temptation to child
murder, and the overwhelming testimony of
medical men to its appalling and rapidly in
creasing frequency among us may well call the
blush of shame to the cheeks of this genera
tion at the degeneracy aud prefl gacy of so
many of the mothers of New England.”
I confess that I have but little sympathy with
such a crime as this mother sought to perpe
trale; m.v feeling is rather one of iudiguation
at aud abhorrence of that unhealthy and dan
germis public seutimeDt which seeks to paliate
and excuse it, and invariably interposes an
effectual shield against the punishment of such
criminals. Sympathy, it would seem is rather
due to the innocent hut unpitied off pring of
guilt, whose life has been so ruthlessly aud in
siduously assailed by its faithless guardian
whom public sentiment demands to be set free
without punishment, still to remain the custo
dian of the unhappy infant’s life and health.
If I were not convinced by carelul observa
tion and my own judicial experience that any
effort on the part of one man by official action
to stem this tide of popular feeliDg would be
practically unavailing, and productive of more
evil thau good, I should not hesitate to take
tbe almost extra judicial step of interposing to
forbid tbe County Attorney to enter a nol pros.
and to proceed to the trial, conviction and sen- i
tence of this person. But while in one sen- j
fence 1 yield to its demands, I wish to make
an emphatic protest against tbe diseased senti
ment which has so honeycombed our society, 1
bopiug that thus iu the end something may he
gained to the cause oi morals and public jus- i
tice by awakenmg public attention. i
In my deliberate judgment the law is at
present as powerless to protect the life of tbe
white infant against the infmticidal propensi
ties of its own mother in Maine, as it ever was
to protect the African slave from the ven
geance of his master in Texas or South Caro- 1
ina, because public sentiment effectually in-
sa»sir8 t°ipre',eut the ponishment of the as- 1
valenee would-be assassin. And tbe pre
Cine awakena°H 8lau.dari1 among us at this 1
class of our Hti he 8QTc,on that amoDg that
aud color toTuhho8 Rive shapfi
many who are consr'in.Vi'0 e ,here be too
crime which i„ Mnnin. parJ'lc'PatioH in a
and threatening atPi!o du,the, ife the State 1
tmn of the sup"™“c'',8ta"‘ da? the exfinc
race on this continent tlle -^nglo-Saxon
The County Attorney may 1
to this indictment and the a ru>1' Pros
discharged. tPe ptl80“er may be
Mattocks, Co. Att’y, for the State.
_‘ Webb. 1
A brother of the Plasterer Garvey says he 1
has gone to Canada. J
c
The Freshet.
The first traiu from Augusta since the storm
irrived here at four o’clock yesterday after
noon. The storm eastward would seem to be
heavier than further west. ^Fhe Kennebec
Jourual of Friday says:
The most copious rain storm of the season
began here Wednesday evening and continued
witnout intermission lor fifreen heurs. Asa
cousequence, a large numl er of railroads’ cul
verts have been destroyed, and the Bangor
train for Bosiou due here at noon found it im
possible lo proceed this side of Kendall’s Mills.
Washouts west of us impeded the mail from
Boston—indeed impeded all trains—the accom
modation train between this city and Gardiner
not even making its regular trips. Iu this city
and vicinity the streets are very much washed
ana gullied and land slides of various degrees
ot importance were occurring all day. Quite
a number of highway culverts were destroyed.
Some fifty feet ol the “railway” north of Stur
gis steam mill, ou the east side of the river,
was undermined aud dumped into the river
yesterday forenoon.
The reservoir dam of Hon Warren Johnson,
recently built on his land west of the State
House, tor the supplying oi the city witli wan r
early iu the morning showed signs of weak
ness and giving way, owing to the great aud
sudden rise oi water in the reservoir pond, hut
it held on till half past twelve o'clock, when it
suddenly gave way, bearing everything before
it. Tlie dam and fixtu.es are a total loss, be
ing completely destroyed by the flood. The
loss to Mr. Johnson, who has shown muchjeu
ergy and spirit in this enterprise in supplying
our city with pure water, we regret to say
will be quite large.
The river was somewhat swolen yesterday
moruing, and by evening the wharves were
nearly submerged; the water was risiug rapid
ly and indications were strong that by this
morning tremendous voinine would he pur
iug past the city. Parties who had property
near the river banks or in the store houses on
♦he wharves, were busily engaged during the
afternoon iu removing the same.
The water from Mr. Johnson’s resevoir dam,
pouring iu a fearful torrent down through
Brett’s Guily, so washed the highway at that
point that it has since been impassable.
The highway near the pottery in Farming
dale was rendered impassable. Old as may
soaud, travel either by highway or rail, be
tween Augusta, Hallowell and Gardiner, was
for six hours suspended. Mr. Philbrook of
this city, who was in Gardiner yesterday fore
neon, was obliged to (return via |Pittston and
Chelsea.
A gentleman riding to this city from Water
viile, yesterday, says that a large majority of
ihe culverts were incapable of carrying oft the
watet fast enough, and consequently the road
was submerged in many places. The aain
seemed to fall iu torrents.
The dams ou Bond brook were severely test
ed, and the property connected with them
greatly endangered. The water flanked boih
end9 of Mr. Eaton's dam, and also the dam
above it, we understand. Wyman’s works
were regarded atone time as also being in im
minent danger, but the break at the Eaton
dam being overcome by sitenuous exertions,
no serious damage occurred. The volume of
water in the stream was so swolen that it al
most filled the arch of the stone bridge, Water
street.
The morning train from Bangor moved from
Kendall’s Mills to Waterviile, where it passed
the balance of the day. and last night.
The morning train from Skowhegau got to
Somerset Mills, where it stiil remains. There
are large washouts at Somerset Mills and be
tween Waterviile and Kendall’s Mills. Cul
verts are destroyed at Iteaddfield, vYinhiop
aed Auburn; there are some small washouts
near Vassalboro; there is sn extensive washout
about halt a mile north of this city, tuat stop
ped the moruing freight train from Bangor,
aud where it remained imprisoned all day.
There are two washouts between Carmel and
Etna, aud the one o’clock train lrom Bangor
was imprisoned at, the latter place; there is al
so a washout at Clinton; besides the washout
at Farmingdale there is also one near Gardin
er. The bridge ou Little river is gone; a a um
her of washouts also ou the Fargiyngton road.
There are three or four washouts between
Brunswick aud Portlaud.
The quantity of rain that'iell was immense,one
gentleman pronouncing the amount to be (510
inch*!.
Prohibition Not a Faii.ube.—Tlie Lewis
ton Journal in an article in which it justly de
precates.the hasty conclusions of Justin Mc
Carthy as to the alleged failure of prohibition
iu Maine says very truly and forcibly:
With all the looseness with which prohibi
tion has been enforced in many parts of the
State, every candid observer of the progress of
the temperance cause in Maine during the past
quarter of a century, can but admit that the
law hasdODe immense (food. It is now twenty
five years since the policy of this State was
changed from license to prohibition; and let
any mau of fifty years call back in memory tbe
state of things with respect to the sale and use
of liquor previous to that time, and compare it
with the present condition, and he will be sur
prised himself .to note the change for the bet
ter. Phohibitiou lias done wonders, notwith
standing the opposition which it has encoun
tered, and notwithstanding the sliameluUy in
efficient manner In which it has been exe
cuted.
While we strite to make its execution more
faithful, let us not become impatient and turn
against a principle which has accomplished so
much, because it is not doing all we expected.
Prohibitory laws, like all other human enact
ments, are only at the best a partial remedy for
the evils they are aimed at. Because the crime
of murder prevails now as in the past, shall we
conclude that our laws against murder of no
use? Neither should we despair because prohi
btsion does not utterly extirpate grog-shops,
for the rum-seller, as well as the murderer,
will always be found to a greater or less extent
so loug as humau nature is what it is. But, as
without tbe law against murder, there would
beseoresof murders where now there is one;
so without the law prohibiting grog simps, en
forced as it was in Lewiston, previous to last
Spring, there would be a vast increase of dram
selling and all na lameutable eonsequenees.—
We repeat, tbeiefore, that our experience with
prohibition here in Maine, has proved beyond
successful question its potency as an auxiliary
in the promotion of the temperance telorm.
In the Episcopal General Convention at Bal
timore, on Monday, Mr. G. E. B, Jackson, of
Maine, ofiered tbe following:
Eesolved, That the offerings of the Congrega
tioo at the service this evening (9th inst.,) be
asked in aid of the sufferers by the fire iu Chi
cago, and that the Secretary ba directed to
transmit the same in the name ot the conven
tion to the Mayor ot Chicago, to be applied un
der bis direction to the aid of those rendered
homeless ani houseless hy the gieat calamity.
Adopted amidst great feeling.
About Major Hodge.—Ma’or Hodge, the
great (Radical) defaulter, has been sentenced
to ten years’ bard labor in the penitentiary.
This is a severe hut just sentence. Now let
the Government follow up all the other thieves
in its employ and honest men will trv and not
despair of ihe Republic— New York Exprest.
We don’t believe that Hofge’s political be
liefs wo-e the cause of his dtfalcaiions, but as
the Express aod other Democratic newspapers
seem to insist that they were, they ought in
common justice to inform their readers that he
has always been a straight out and consistent
Democrat. Baltimore American.
The most careful estimate possible yesterday
gives the loss of the insurance companies out
side of Chicago at $32,060,000, of which $12,
730,000 is owing from New York. Tbe total
losses can be estimated only very vaguely_
$114,000,000 seems to he the closest calculation
of the insurance men.
state evts.
CUMBERLAND COUNTY.
The Bridgton News says the cattle show and
fair at Naples was a fine success and went to
prove that in this respect Naples has shown
herself to be a smart and plucky little town.
The News says a fire broke out one night
this week iu Messrs. Perley and Plummer’s
sash and blind manufactory at Bridgton which,
but for its timely discovery, would have doubt
less done serious damage.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
The programme for the reception of Presi
dent Grant in Augusta Dext Tuesday has not
yet been definitely agreed upon, so far only ihe
general outlines having been discussed by the
city and Slate authorities, tvbo ate to take
charge of the matter in concert. The Presi
dent is expected to reach the city at 3 o’clock,
p. in., by special train from Boston. A nation
al salute will be fired from the U. S. Arsenal
grounds and the bells of the city will probably
be rung. The President will lie weloomed to
the State by Ihe governor and and introduced
to the officials, by whom such citizens as de
sire it will be presented to him. His stay in
Augusta will necessarily be limited to less than
an hour, probably.
The cash receipts at the freight office in Au
gusta tor trausportatiou of height on the Maine
Central Railroad, for the mouth of September,
were $10,900.
SOMERSET COUNTY.
The town of Concord recovered judgment
a«t week, tor $995.27 against G. M. Helauy
o., on account of mouey wrongiully paid
llit*ui for mep put into the army for the town
during tlfff war.
iORK COCNTy.
The Biddeford Union says last week a bur
glar entered the sleeping room of Cephas Lim
inglon, aud abstracted from bis coat a large
pocket-book containing nbout $80 iu mouey
and a lot of valuable notes and papers. Two
days afterwards the book containing the notes
and papers were found in the rear of bis barn.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Notice,
The Ladies from all the different Parishes in the
r-ity are invited to meat on Thursday alternoon, 19tli
Inst., at 2 o’clock P. M., at the Common Council
Room, City Building, to prepare clothing lor the suf
IVrer%by the Chicago fire.
Any materi ds tor under clothing or mouey will be
received by the Committee, who may be found at the
room from 9 A. M. to 10 P. M. on that day.
Per Order of Mayor.
Chicago Relief Fund.
Subscriptions lor the sufferers can be left with
iitherof the Canvassing Committee, the Executive
Committee, the Mayor or Hon. S E. Spring, Treas
irer of the Relief Fund.
Clothing may be left with Charles Clark, Esq., City
Marshal. octl4sn3t
COAL $8.50.
Broken for
Hollers— F urn aces —Store Stoves—
Salamanders"—or in fact any pur
pose where a large sized and strong
b'oal is desired or required—offered
it the above price,which Is certain
y low. considering the present
jiliase oi the Coal Market.
JOS. H. POOR BRO.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
To Investors.
F I US T
MortgageBonds
Principal and Iutcre.l Payable in
GOLD CJOIIV,
Free Irom Government Tax
Tbe sub' cribers offer lor investment and confident
ly recommend the following described securities:
SIX PER OT. GOLD BONDS
ISSTED BY THE
Portland Ogdensbnrg R, R. Co.,
Due in 1900.
Interest payable in GOLD COIN in Boston,
January and July,
Free from Government Tax!
These are Coupon Bonds issued in denominations
ot $1000 and $'00. ami ticcuml by the and
only Mortgage of the entire property and
Franchise* ol ibe Company covering sixty nnl*-s
ol road now completed and in operation, from
Portland to the whi e .vlountaiUH at North oonway
The paid up subscriptions to tbe Capital Stock
amount to gt.vOn.OOO. The road is built in the most
thorough manuer; the principal bridges are
ofiron,a»d t«e ruper?tructure and equipment
first class in very respect. The business al
ready developed exceeds the expectations of
tbe projectors ol tbe road, and the net earnings
are more thau sufficient to pay the interest on
its unusually small Bonded Debt.
SIX per oiTgold bonds
Being a Joiat First Mortgage
OF
Three New England
Hailroadii
STYLED THE
Vermont Division
-OF THE
Portland Ogdensburg Trunk
Railroad Line.
Twenty Years to Run.
Interest payable in GOLD COIN, in B08TON
May, and November,
Free Irom Government Tax.
These railroads, substantially under one man
agement, are beiug rapidly constructed in tbe
most thorough and economical manner un
der tbe supervision ot the most cmiuent and practi
cal busines* men ot Noitbern Vermont, the cash
stock subscriptions beiug sufficient to pre
pare the road for the iron. The local busi*
ness already created along th* line is amp y
sufficient for all its runniug Expenses and
the Interest on its Bonded Debt. The road
passes through the garden of Vermont, and is
to connect by a branch already begun with Burling
ton, ou Lake Champlain, the msst important
distributing point in Northern New England.
The bonds reissued, for the convenience of invest
ors, in dsueminations ot $1000, $500, $100, both regis
tered and coupon, have been committed for sale t
tbe wid>ly known house ot E. T. FAIR
BANKS A: CO., St Johusbury, who with their
branch houses,
rAiKHANKS A: t o., New York,
FAIRBANKS, BROWN CO., Bo oton
FAIRBANKS E W ING, Philadelphia
are the financial agents of the joint companies and
give these securities their their unqualified en
dorsement.
The subscribers in preseming these Bonds to in
vestors in this commanity, are confident that no
argument is necessary to show the present aud
prospect ve value lo the Stare ot Maine of ibis
Trunk Cine of Railroad, connecting the un
equalled harbor of Portland with the Lake
system of the West by the shortest possible
line and constituting the most available and
economical route tor Western produce reeking a
b'liropean market. Its immense through
traffic cannot be weM over estimated and a most
prospe* ous local business is already secured.
Jt mustaiways be the great pleasure thorough
fare of the Eastern Stales, connecting on one route,
the sea coast of Malue with Mebago. the
Wnite Mountains, Cakes Memphremagog
a«d Willoughby, Mt. Mansfield, Lake
t ham plain, Cake George, Saratoga and
the Hudson. These roads are built ny New Eng
land men with New Englautl Capital, and
wnl oe under New England Managers, who
live in the communities through which they run, and
whose management of their own affairs warrants the
public confidence iu iheir integrity aud business
ability.
Price at present 90 aud aecrued interest
iu Currency.
bv* f«.tw sMmxJUeta. jfcc, a^rJir to
J. B. BROWN SONS,
PORTLAND, ME.,
General Agents of the Portland Ogdeus
burg Knilroad Company, and Ageuts
tor the sale of the joint Ronds of the
Vermont Division.
£ST~For sale by all leading Bankers and Brokers,
aug 15 sn 2aw Tu& Sa
An Unprotected System.
Do not fancy because you feel strong that you are
impregnable to sickness. Whole neighborhoods are
frequently prostrated at this season by malarious fe
vers. Vigorous muscles and strong sinews, broad
shoulders and sound lungs.aie no defence against the
mephitic vapoi s of autumn. Frames which have
withstood the summer heat may s&ccurob now.
Many an athletic man, whose family depends for its
support on hi industry, row lies prostrate, weik
and helple>8 as a babe, under the periodical ass-aults
ot chills and fever, or bilious remittent fever. This
could not be it all were wise enough to provide
against such a contingency, by toning and fortifying
the system with Hostetler's Stomach Bitters. This
approved vegetable tonic is absolutely harmless, so
that it is sheer tolly not to take it as a safeguard it a
season when diseases of the liver, the stomach, the
bowels, and indeed all the viscera! organs are gener
ally prevalent. To keep the system in order and iu
sure health, or to put it in order when this precau
tion has been neglected, is the duty of every human
being who values life. For both these purposes Hos
tetter’s Stomach Bitters is designed, and it answers
both. Petty local dealers are endeavoring, in many
parts of the country, to substitute preparations made
ot im{) ire and dangerous materials iu its stead.
Give them a wide berih They are prepared by un
skilful experimenters, who want to turn a penny at
the expense of the public health.
OK E. F.OAKYIN'S
Tar Remedien,
-FOR
Cougrhs, Colds and Luu? Diseases,
For tale at Wholesale, by
W. F. PHILLIP* CO Druggists,
ocU3sn2w* No. 46 Middle Street, Portland. Me.
LITTLE THINGS.
Ot “little things” the earth is made,
All that the e\ e can see:
Each, by Us kindred atoms staid,
Keeps all things where they be.
The “little drops” the Oceau make,
W hich each to each adheres,
So Ship- across its bosom take
Their different spheres.
Xbe Little Boys" who need new ■•Clothes,”
Can always find at G ORGE FENNO’S,
Coat, Pants, Vest. Hat and Shoes complete,
Corner ot Beach and Washington Street. Boston.
____ocl2-an1 w
fob SALE
T?Jh.5e7«n° *£°TJ Prench roof bouse, just fln
i Stf' on ^Jishman st.; hou^e piped tnr Sebago
ANDREW Ml/ENIX,
DEALER IN
Kitchen PnrniBhing Goods,
Has tne celebrated
Walker Range,
Hot Closet, and Patent Side Shell, a new i
invention, the only Range in the Marke?wi4»,0Ve
this Improvement. WHn
Walker’s Furnaces!
Brick or Portable,
The Vest FURNACE to be Had
Also an assortment ot
Parlor, Office and Cooking stoves
Can be touu 1 at
109 Federal street
Having secured tbe services of Mr. Wm n
formerly Knights, Googles Co would k “V*”1’
si to see bis triendB and all olhers at b® pleas
109 Federal street.
oc7-smw t eodlw
aH| db m w
fiiialiah, American and _
Twist and lot i.a, <fi:an Kcal
Double Barrel shot Guns l
0r* A new lotjust receiv» to he .ni.i
than ever. be bold at Prices
L. BA 11. Elf, 4lt EXCHANGE ST
assign ot the Polder, Rifle. oc 10 eo((
An Authentic History
>r the War between Germany aud France
tith Biographies r»t tbe principal actors therein. Al
f> an account ot the Civil W ar and Keigi, of
Perror ia Peoria. Over 800 pages, and 150 ilius
rations. Sold only by subscription. AX WELL
•gent for Portland. aolOeodt! S-V
ir
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LORING THIJRSVON,
Are pleased to announce that they have just been appointed to the Agency of the
COOHERCIAL UNION ASSURANCE
Company of London.
I»aid. up Capital, $1,^30.000.
Assets, Securely Invested., #4,000,000.
This Company, with itn large Capital and Assets securely invested, having made a do osit of $200,000, in
United Staffs Bonds, with the Insurance Department ot New York, and b ing tally tu hotiz J to trans
act the busdnese ot Fire Insurance in the United Slates, is pi epared to issue Policies oik Merchandise,
Warehouses, Manutaclories, Dwellings, Furniture and othe property at adequate ra.es.
LORING THURSTON, Agents,
28 Exchange street.
Portland, Oct 13, 1871. 3tocl3
"mu
SAFE INSURANCE.
Assets since the Chicago Five as follows:
Royal Ins. Co. of Liverpool,
$9,000,000
Franklin Ins. Co. Philadelphia,
$3,000,000
Washington Ins. Co. New York
$830,000
CALL on
ROLLINS ADAMS.
No. 1 Exchange Street.
TO THE EA.LHES
01 Portland and vicinity we would announce that we are now receiving our FALL and WINTER
Stock oi French Millinery Goods,
CONSISTING OF
Silks, Ribbons, Velvets,
French Flowers, Feathers, and
Ornaments:
FRENCH AND IENGLISH ROUND HATS,
New Style Bonnets, &c. <fcc.
To which we respectfully invite your attention.
Mrs. W. L. SNELL,
337 CONGRESS STREET.
sep21snlm
GRAND OPENING.
-AT
T. LOBENSTEIN’S
I take the pleasure lo inform my Friends'and the Pnblic in gen< ral, that I will open
MONDAY, SEPT. 25th, inst,
AVERY FINE AND LAllUE ASSORTMENT OF
The Most Select Stock of Goods in my Line
EVER EXHIBITED IN THIS CITY.
During my stay in New York, have endeavored to bay the
Choicest and Latest Importations
To be found in the New York Market!
Also, a selct stock of Domestic Goods
It would be useless to irention all the articles 1 have on Land, therefore I invite all to
Come and See the Goods I
I am confident to satisfy the most tastidlous in every respect. Respectfully
T. LO BLN STEIN, 4 Deering Block,
*eP,2:! 3w_PORTLAND.
Terrible Temptation.
THE PRICES AT WHICH
DURAN
IS NOW OFFERING
Men’s and Boys’ Clothing,
Cardigans, Underwear,
-and
ALL KINDS OF
Furnishing Goods,
Is a Terrible Temptation to buy.
GO AND BE TEMPTED!
NO. 170, Opposite foot of Exchange Street.
oc93Nlw
LEA PERRIN’S SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor iis flavor.
We are directed by Messts. LEA. PERRIN*'to
prosecute ail parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN DUNCAN’* SON*,
augl2sn6m Agents, New Yo»k.
Or. Oickneil’s Hyrup.
For the cure ot Bowel or Summer complaints, acts
like magic upon Dysentery, ularihcea, Cholera Mor
bus, Colic, damp, Sick or Sour Stomach, Dyspep
sia, <Jfcc, givir g immediate relief, bree Horn opiate,
aud uever produces costiveness. Deigned for chil
dren as well as grown peisons. Sold by all dealers
in m^d cine. Please give i>. a trial. Prepared only
by Edward Suttcn, ot Providence, R. I. jyMtei.3m
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let. in first class bonded waiehouses on
Brown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings York Danlorth ami Com
mer. ial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
_jylSsn 97 Ei change Street.
S. B. OOWELL,
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entire
stock ol Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great barga ns, and will continue the sales only
until he sells his bouse. {Sec advertisement by Geo.
ft. Davis tf Co.) I*ow is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntf
Procure Tickets
mmm W. D. Little Cc.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TICKET 'AGENCY
Travelers for California
and the W'eil, South anil Northwest, may ob
tain through Tiekfis, by the best aud mo l
reliable route* irom Port'aLU, or cjston. or
.New York, to anv p< int desired at the loseai
i ate* at the old aud reliable Union Ticket Agency,
W. 2>. LITTLE CO.,
Office 49 1-9 Bichange St.
jg^Reliable information cheerfully f urnished at
all times._ au26d tf sn
GRAHAM FLOUR
OF A SUPERIOR QU 1EITY
Fresh from the mill. Also tb« celebrated
JP OS TE L S 9”
Anti Other Choice Brands.
M1AW, HAmmuHD CABNEV.
oc9 d3ui___
Port land Observatory.
vro Straneer should leave the City w lliout vlsit
1\ i„o ,he Observatory on Muiijoy’s llili. From
t lie cupola 2:1 t'e above the Sea. may be seen the
entire Olrv, the Ocean to the horizon. Casco Bay
with its 306 Islands. The While mountain* so
miles distant, aud with the powerful Telescope
mounted hi the cupola object* .30 miles distant in
every direction may be distinctly seen, The views
here are said to be unsurpassed tor beauty and va
riety by any In the world. Oorgww street oars pass
very 16 minntes._SN jvzz dm
EXCHANGE
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
-AND
lteady lor Immediate Delivery!
IN SUMS|TO|SUITi
W>1. K. WOOD,
07 Exchange St.
Agent lor ^Klenry dew* Co., N. Y.
June £7-tt *ah_
T‘fie Steamer Emperor
Will *«’t Leave Portland for Yat
mon tit until lurtlier notice.
pet 9-gntf
t) vm DENT.
First Mortgage
BONDS,
OF THE
Leeds &FarmiDgtonR.R.Co.,
Principal and interest guaranteed by the
Maine Central Railroad Co.,
FOR SALE BY
If* M, PAISOI,
39 Exchange st., Portland.
aug22 an
REMOVAL!
-AND
REOPENING
-OF THE
Old Post Office
On an entirely new plan.
This •fflee wiF open for tlie delivery ot
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
Cr ockery House Furnishing Goods
Ot every name and kind, on or about tbe
SOth of' Sept. 1S71.
Persons calling lor anything in our stock will
p'eane leave iheir name, street and number and aU
will be delivered tree by one of our numerous car
riers. Office open from 7 A M., to 9 P M., Sun
days excepted.
Hooper, Eaton Co.
P. S. Entrance irom Exchange, Federal or Mar
ket sts. sep!8
GOLD JUST!
All lovers ot CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. eep5d2mo is
They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA STJRE,
Fluent Block,
sep27*sneodtf Exchange st.
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the cify will sell my
siock aud place ot business *tt grest discount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber. Plank, Spare. Knees, Deck
ing, and Tr«euaile.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on £j. TAYLOR,
sept 19 sntt 17b Commercial st.
DR. INU4LLS,
Scientific Physician.
Heals the sick upon the principle ot the late Dr. P P
Quimby’s practice.
Office 39 Temple St.
Office hours lrom 8 a. m.. to 12 m., and iroiu 1 to 5
p. m. sep30sn*3w
O T I O ES
THE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, has removed back to the old
stand on Exchange street, where I will still manu
.acture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will Invite
all my customers ami trieuds iu general to call and
examiue my goods ami get posted on the prices. I
have all brands of Imported Cigars, and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. K. PONCE, No, 80 Exchange St.
yl-tt
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Go.,
Onion Bank of London,
-AND THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
And all ita Branches.
For sale iu turns to suit, by
J. B. BROWN SONS,
jel3-antt 97 If .change Ml.
The Security Boor Check,
Is nn article of honest utility. It meets a want hith
erto unsupblied, and is approved by eminent citi
zens and the press. it is. handsome bronze orna
ment. It is 30 small that it I, never in the way. and
may be carried by lady or gentleman when traveling.
It is neat, simple, light, strong, uselul, ornamental.
^Everybody noeds it; (Call and see it. 29 Market
Square. >UTTER BKOTH*BS Co..
ocUdlwsn Portland.
SPECIAL NOTICES
A Card.
The undersigned t^ke pleasure m tulormiug their I
iriends and patrons that the stability ot the several
Fire Insurance Con panies represented by them is
not impaired by the great tiie at Chicago, and that
they continue to take risks in the “Liverpool and
London and Glob and the “Howard” and “Ex
change” ot Beaton, at current rates, and would je
spcctiully solicit the patronage ot their fellow citi
xens. HEATH DREW,
Portland, Oct. 10. 42 Cahoon Block.
OCllMl4t
ON MABBIAGE.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EY1LS
and ABUSES, which interfere with MARRIAGE—
with sure means ot re'iet tor the Erring and Unfor
tunate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, 8. Ninth St., Philadel
phia, Pa. jy 26-BN ore
Batchelors Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dve Is the best in the world—per
(ectiy harmless, reliable and ins au'aneous; no ilia
apointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor,
i he genuine Wm. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es I IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair dean, sott, beaatifu'; does
not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists.
Facorv, 16 BOND STREET, N. Y.
1>11 SN D&W 1Y
THE
ADJUSTABLE SPRING BED.
THE BEST
AND
Cheapest in the World
MANtJff ACTUBED BY
Thos. P. Beals Co.,
MARKET STREET.
This Bed is pronounced by all all who have used it
to be superior to an* other ever offered to the putdic
The Manufacturers make the utter to guarantee
periect satisfaction to every purchaser ot this article.
Also Manufacturers ot
Chamber Sets
And Healer* in nil kind* of
F UR IN' ITURE.
ocl3 tf
ItlAKR I E H
In this city. Oct. 12. by Rev. Moseley H. Williams,
Albert L. Carver and Miss Sarah J. Gilkey. all ot
Portland.
In Augusta, Sept. 30, Wm. H. Lyon and Mary E.
Dudley.
In Augusta, Oct. 1, Abner Coombs and Ruth A.
Miller. bo*h of Hallowed. t
In Wf st Sumner, Sept 27, George F. Marshall, ot
North Paris, and Mary F Lane, of W. S.
In Buxton, Oct. 1, George Milliken and Mary B.
Woodman.
H I E H.
In this city, Oct. 13, Mrs. Joanna, wife ot Mr. P.
O’Neil.
In leering. Mrs. Mary Frances, widow of the late
E D. Woodiord, ageo 82 years.
[Fnneral services Sunday aiternoon at 3 o’clock.]
in Cumberland, Oct 12. suddenly. Mrs. Jane, wile
of Hollis St. lair, aged 54 years.
[Funeral this Saturday afternoon, at 2$ o’clock, a>
her late residence.
In New Gloucester, Oct. 6, Mrs. Susan P. Greeley,
aged 77 year®.
In Biddetord, Oct. 1, Mrs. 0. F. Page, aged 28 yrs.
In Saco, Oct. 3, Mrs. Eliza J„ wife ot Frank Scam
mon, aged 30 years 7 moo bs.
In Saco. Sept. 28. Mr. Nathan Floyd, aged 71 year
In Ycrk. Sept. 19, Mrs. Elizabeth, wile ot the late
Capt. Nath’l Baker, aged 7b years.
In Rockport Oct. 5. Mrs. Nancy, wife ot the lat«
Wade sweet land. Esq., aged 91 years.
DBPAKTIKE OF OCEAN STEADIER?*
NAME. WHERE PROM. DESTINATION.
Scandinavian.Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 14
Cltv ot Mexico.New York.. Hav&V Crux..Oct H
City Washington ..New York..Liverpool.Oct Is
Batavia.New York. .Liverpool.Oct D
Kurona.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 11
Atlantic.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 14
Iowa.New York. .Glasgow.Qrt 14
Ocean Queen....... New York.. Aspmwall.Oct 14
Hamtuonia.New York. .Hamburg.Oct l
Idaho .New York. .Liverpool.Oct 18
Cuba.New York. .Liverpool.Oct II*
'oluuioia .New York Havana.Oct IS
City ot Baltimore. .New York. .Liverpool.Oct I
Hibernian .Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 21
Caledonia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct2«
Pereire.New York. .Havre.Oct2»
Merrnnac.New York. .Rio Janeiro.. .Oct 23
Cleopatra.New York. .Havana ...Oct 2
St David.Quebec.Glasgow.Oct 2*
Missouri.New York. .Havana.Oct 21
Moravian.Quebec.Liverpool.Oct2f
Ifliniaiare ilnonnr.October 14
Sunrises.....6.11 I Moon sets....... PM
Sun Sets. 5 20 I High water.11.15 AM
M A H I JSTK JSTIOWH
PORT OF PORTLAND
Friday*Oct. IL
ARRIVED.
Steamer New England, Field, St John, NB, via
Eastport tor Boston.
Sen Nile, Meicali, New York,—corn to Waldron
True.
CLEARED.
D**f J-SJa PxigUfth. A Philadelphia—J S
Winslow Co.
Scti Nashwauk, Peatman, Frederickton. NB—Elias
Thomas Co.
Sch Montana, Nickerson, Philadelphia—J Nicker
son.
Sch Intrepid, Jackson, Boston—Bunker Bros
Sch Frank Pierce, Grant, Ellsworth Eastern
Packet Co.
S SAILED—Barque Sarah B Hale; brigs Merrlwa,
Geo BurnLam; sch Chilion, and ethers.
MEMORANDA.
Barque S W Holbrook, ol Portland, owned by Geo
S Hum and others. Is being overhauled and strength
ened. The detective planking has been removed and
she is to be newly fastened throughout.
I Sch Frank Parker. Wiley, from Rockland lor Saco
which got ashore and suuk at Negro island, has bee
raised by the assistance ot sloops Jenny Lind, Capt
Uqwen. and United States, Capt Cleaves, and taken
up fo the Poole.
Brig Annie Gard'ner, Gardiner, sailed from New
York Aug 16 tor Demarara. and bad not arrived om
up to Sept 23d. [She registered 250 ton9 and was
ouilt In 18C7 at Castine, where she was owned by
Dresser Perkins, Capt Gardiner, and others.
Brig Don Quixote, 425 tons, built at Belfast in 1866,
has been sold to parties in New York lor $1000.
DOMESTIC PORTM.
SAN FRANCISCO—Cld 4th ships Austria, Delano
Queenstowu; St Joseph, Alexander, Newcastle.
GALVESTON— U!d 27lh, sch Vesta, Pinkharn, tor
Apalachicola.
MOBILE—Ar lltb, ship Progiess, Young, from
Live pool.
GFOkGETOWN, SC-Cld 6th, sch C S Webb, Day
New York
WILMINGTON—Cld 9tb, sch John A Griffin, Fos
ter, Philadelphia.
RICHMOND—Cld 10th, sch W H Thorndike, Hall,
Boston.
NORFOLK—Ar 9th, sebs Lucy Ames, Wooster,
Rockland; Vintage, Bunker, New York.
Also ar 9th, ship Uncle Joe, Stevens, Hartlepool:
sch Deiuionl Gales, Baltimore.
FORTRESS MONROE-Passed in 11th, sch Ros
well.Copp, irom Windsor, NS. for Richmond.
B A LI l.viORE—Cld lltb. brig Rio Grande, McLel
Ian, New Haven, and sailed
Ar 12tb, bcj Susan, Sherman. Portland.
PH ILaDELPHIA—Ar lltb, brig Navasota, War
ren, Boston; acts Maty A Harm n. Parker, Hills
boro Claia W Elwell, Giles, Mavaguex; F Jameson.
Haskell Richmond; July Fourth. Cobb, Bangor:
Ethan Allen, Blake, Portland; Ada Ames, Adams,
Boston.
Cld I'tb, barque Signal, Whitnev, tor Boston; sebs
John Farnum, Berry, and Warren Blake, Meservey,
Boston. E G Willard, Parsons, Portland.
Ar 12th brig Mary a Chase. Dolan, Matanzas.
NEW YORK—Ar lltb. brig* L Warren Gott. lm
I uspan, Mex, 28 nays; Ken-haw. Sylvester. Gibara,
16 days; i.ydia H Cole, Jtnes. Guantanamo Mar
tha A Berrv, Mountort, Matanzas 15 days; Manlius
Todd, Havana 12 day.-; sols.J W Maitland. Colcord,
.Jacksonville 7 days; A G Pease, Portland; Peart,
Johnson, and Mahaska, Picket t, tm Port Johnson tor
Fall Kiver.
Ar 12ih. ecb Casco Lodge. Pierce, Portland.
Cld 12th, brig Atlas, Hodgdon. Gibraltar; Juliet
0 Clark, Moore, Matanzas Lizzie M Merrill, Call.
New Orleans, sch Ocean Belle, C< ffln, Orange Bluff.
Pa>sed through Hell Gate llth, eebs More Light,
Bradford, fm New York for Calais; Elizabeth Seeai,
Crogan. Port Johnson for Portsmouth; W B Dar
ling. B inker. Albany lor Boeton; Fleetwing, NYork
tor Plymouth.
NORWICH—Ar llth. sch John S Ingraham, Greg
ory, Cedar Keyes. Fia.
STON1NUTON— Ar llth, sch Louisa Wilson, Holt,
Calais.
NEWPORT—In port llth. scb H Prescott. Merri
man. Mattapoi-ett lor New York; Kate Grant. Grant
Bangor tor New Haven; Harper, Gott, Providence
for New York. Louler Newion, Gray, do tor do M
A McCann. Cavanaugh, New Bed lord fordo; Wm
Penn. Wiley, Calais lor do; Mindoro, Hadley, do lor
New Haven.
BOSTON—Ar 12tb, ship Cashmere. Kingman, Cal
entta; sch Active, Coombs. Philadelphia.
Cld 121 b, shin Jus Pish, Stackpole, Savannah.
Ar 13th. scb P S Lindsey. Hamilton. Portland.
Cid I3tb. brigs Tim Field, Leland, St John, NB:
J Means, Eaton Sedgwick.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Ar at St Thomas Sept 21. barque C S Rogers. Dick
erson, Teueritte. (and rid same dav tor St John. PR),
sch L A Warren. Jobnsou Macbias, (and sailed same
day tor Antigua); Oct 1, sch Hatiie Haskell, Young,
Pernambuco.
At Surinam 19th ult, brig A J Rose, Wyman, for
Boston 10 days.
At Guantanamo Sept 24, bvlg Mattie B Knsse'l.
York, trom New York, dt g; E At Tucker, lor North
01 Hatteras. Idg; and others
Ar at Havana 5tb, barque Jehu Griffin, Downey,
New York.
Ar at Matanzas 2d, brig Caseatelle, Simmons, trom
St John, N B.
Sid 2d, brig Mary A Chase. Dolan. Philadelphia.
Cld 5 b. brig Antilles, Thestrup, New York.
Ar at Cardenas 3d imd, Robin, Douglass, St Jobn.
Cid at Sf Jobn. N B,'Uth inst. scb John S Moulton.
Crowley, New York; lhh J O Nash, Crowley, do.
(Per steamer Cityot Washington.1
Sid tm Liverpool 26th ult, La Plata, Matthews,
Savannah.
Ent out 27th, Alber'i, Herriman.tor Boston; Mon
tebello. KeUey, New Orleans; Geo Skolfield, Metri
man, Rio Jaueiro and Callao.
Cld at London 29ih, Hercules, Lincoln, Cardiff ana
Uniteu States.
Sid tm Bristol 26ih nit, Mt Washington. Redgley,
Newport, to load tor Mobile, Atlantic, Pennell, tor
New York.
Sid tm Cardiff 26fb. Moravia, Patten, Coquimbo.
C14 26th. Marcia C Day, Chase New Orleans.
Ent tor Idg 25th, S C Blanchard, Meady Callao.
Off' Holyhead 23d, C B Hazeltine, Gilkey, Liverpool
for Savannah.
Cld at Newport 26th ult. Garnet,Oliver, Rio Janei
ro Itaska, Rusk. Yokohama.
Ar 25th, Martha Cobb, Hauler, Hamburg.
Ar at Queeustown 30tb UP, Mary Goodell, Swcet
ser, Iquique.
Ar at Leghorn 21st ult, Helena. Potter Genoa
Sid Itai Marseilles 23d ult, Jas McCarty, McCarty,
^SUl im Antwerp 26th ult, Ellen Southard, Kennls
t0sidKtm Cetie 15th ult. Tempest, Wilson. Bordeaux.
Ar at Bordeaux 25th ult, Hermann, Hichbotn, tm
Sid im Havre 25th nit, Thos Fletcher, Pendleton,
Cardiff end United States.
Ar at Zierikzee 24th ult. St Cloud, Ames, Philadel
phia.
Sid tm Cuxhaveu 24lli. S Blanchard. Meady, Eug
land; Garibald'. Bowden, Cardiff.
Cld at Oottenburg 25th ult. Frank Mariou, Dun
can, Boston; 16th, Esther. Loilng, do.
SPOKEN.
Sent 9. lat 40 37. Ion 60 ship Olive S Southard, ol
ami trom Richmemd, Me, lor Philadelphia
Sept 27, lat 29. lou 60, sen Helen A Bowen, trom
New York for Demarara.
Oct 9, lat 39 40, Ion 69 25, ship Resolute, trom New
I Yoik lor Liverp ol.
Oct 9. lat 40 16 Ion 66 44, ship Webster, trom New
1 York for London.
Tew advert is em ents
JlftNO FORTES.
fi 0 R H A M S
awwuai,
EXHIBITION
AND
SALE!
Ir. C (iorh;iin, the manufacturer ef the popu
nr New York (ioiham Pianos, encouraged by the
Uttering success, which attended tv in at the eih'bi
ton and sale of these Instrument* last year in Port
ed, and tbe dcmm l and sale tor them since that
ime, is prompted to repeat the exhibition and sale,
About Nov, 1st, 1871.
FOK
Ten Days Only.
Dale ef •passing and place lo be gl re a
hereafter.
rhanking the people ot Portland for the very liberal
patronage and confidence we have rere-ved from
them, and feeling assured that oar reputation tor
a first c'ass Piano Is now firmly establish'd in,ibis
City, we propose to bring about <*JO) twenty of these
instruments, Embracing every variety ot et>le and
finish. Making it the largest variety ot elegant
Pianos ever shown in Portland.
Theee Pianos are first elass instruments iu every
respect, every part being made ns wed a# money and
hands can make them. Iu many points of internal
conduction together with design ani elegance ot
of case we claim a superiority.
We^empley no Agents,
And shall offer the Pianos at a fair living profit
above cost of Manu aoture.
Every Piano is fully warrented tor the term of five
years.
Weinvite all to visit our rooms t tbe opening aud
fhdge tor themselves.
To Parties deeirlous ot obtaining a really fine Piano
at a moderate oost, this exhibition and sale will af
ford that opportunity seldom offered.
We shall allow a tair price for old Pianos in ex
change.
Oar New Pianos Sold on easy
Monthly Instalments 11 desired,
We reler below to seversl parties in Portland, who
have purchased theee Pianos and thoiougbly test
ed them one, two and three years; who will now
(rankly testify that they are provng to be in every
respect, all that could be deeded in a Plano. Hold
ing their natural goodness ol tone cer ecuy. its
actions working with ths same nicety as when
usw, and stand ng in tune remtikably wed. (bt/er*
al of the Pianos sold at our exhibition last N^vem
ser h»ve not boeu tuned yet, being nearly a year,
aud are in exceient order now.)
4 The f«ct that we have told a large cumbtt
ro the beet citisens 01 Portland, iu so short time,
iliow best their merits and excellence.
Among those tnat have purchased these Pianos
are:
damsel Waterhouse, Clothing D aler, 95
arlioa At
VI m II. Waldron. No 5 Oak el, Firm J. W
True A Co.
Wm. H Stephenson, Stale at.
Geo. VI. Knight, Wholesale Druggist. Mists
at.
*1. G. Palmer, Dealer in Beet* A Shoes,
Oxfo d at.
John E. Palmer, Wholesale Milliner, Win
ter »t.
Mis D. Choate, Park et.
J. C. Baker, Commie ion, Merchant, Win
ter at.
Mrs. J Hall Little, 49 High at.
D. T. Chan-, Cumbe land at.
E. Martin Firm Martin. Pennell A Co
W.lmot st
I. P. Wa rrhouse. Firm Martin. Pennell
Co.,A Cedar at.
Frank E. Pray, t nstom House, Carlteatf.
E. P. Brooks, Firm of O M A E P.. Cum
ber la* d at.
Wm. K. Rhodes. Mana’fr Steam Heaters.
Congress st*
A.K. Mhatmek. Frnnklin st.
lia Tnkev. Builder, North et.
D. 9. Jones, Mail Ag’t E R H North at.
Isinnh Randall, Builder. Watoi villa at.
Sana’I H. Giloey, Spring al.
Henry Sargent, Atlantic si.
Mrs. Si. Ratler,
S. W. Stilpheu. Carirag- Maher, Oxford st.
Thomae Kaadull, Foreman at «*ortlaad
Co’s Work*, India at,
C. K Brydges, Builder, North’s!.
Joseph tflesoltan, 9-ocarappa.
Wm. H. Sargent, Collector easterns, Cat*
tiae.
John W.Drosaer, Mann’fr Cordage, Cas*
tine.
We ihali also offer with these Piano* a large va
riety or elegant Piano cover*,
Aleo several second band Pianor, which w* have
already taken ia exchange.
C. L. Gorham A Co.
October, 1871._octU W&Stl la
John W. Munger and Song,
Insurance Agency.
Kepoi la frem Insurance Companies
NAKHaOANwETT
F. A M. Ins. Co. of Providence, R. I.
This company ceased to do business m cbi aro,
Nov 1st. 1*70 and bad at r>rk l» he enti>e city at
the time oMb** flie only 918.000 Carh Capital
and surplus Dec 31, J870, s ,yo7 28.
Ner h Americas las. Co-, of Boston
Gash Capital and surp!us Jan 1, 1871, 8613.89125
and a percentage of surplus to capital o» ercee ed
by six companies In t»>e Unfed State*. No unset
tled claims against the Corarany, This Goinpauy
had no agents iQ Chicago Have onl. too ag, no in
lhe Uuited States. Log* in Uldcayo only JlU.oOO.
Uaion Insurance t o of San Frnneieeo.
Total assets January 1,1871 91,115 573 S7 Gold.
Losses in this Company do urn luicair h* safety
of the Company, 'Ihe min gers in New Yoik, tele
graph that the Company is ail ngut.
OFFICE NO. 166 F >KE ST, P*rtl*nd.
J* W. MUNGER A SON, Agents.
©ct!4 Iw
ANEW
parlor
_stove.
MAGEE, the greatest Stove fnv.n'or In this roun
tr,, b»s just completed a i-arlor Move, which
roc beaut; In Ue.-igo and elegance of tti. i n, i- O0,
equalled tu the market.
°ne verv DEMKABLE FEATURE In It is, that
the Clinkers nod %.h. can be u moved from rht
fire without D aiurbing the Ornic.
WE INVITE EVERYBODY
To Come In and Hoe
Magee’s New Parlor Stove,
a. ar. moves son,
12 Exchange Street,
EO~E AGENTS FOR
Jlag;ee Stove Ranges,
AND
FURNACES.
ocUlm
Inside Line to Mt. Desert
A nd Mach las.
Fall Hurl Winter Arrangement
Commencing I'liursday, October 19*.h.
One Trip Per Week!
tfhrorir* steamer Lcwi«i«D,
;i»ar|p}» D ering, wi i tav:(m.ill
r notice, Riproau Wh:ir, Port
—9 every Thursday k-vr.siun,
commencing Thu »*day the pjih iu»i f ut ieu o’cio k.
or on arrival o* Expie^s Train «rom Hutton, >or
Rockland. Castiue, Dter ls*e, Se<’gewkk, S. W Har
bor i Bit Desert, Milloridge, tloue»port and Machiai
porfc.
Retnrntng will leave Machiaspo^t every Monday
morning at 5 o'clock, touching ai the abovo lumud
landings.
For further part ieu I *rs Inquire ot Rosi A Sturdi
vant, 179Commercial s',_o
CYttUS Mi (JRDlVAN T, General Agent.
Portland, Oct 8th, 1871 ,-Hdif
O. E OlIMBV AJCo. Dissolution ol ccpart
uersblp, Aaron Quinnv retires: C. E. Q. c..ntin*
ties the busincs* and settles the affairs ot late tlrm.
Saccarappa, Oct 12, 1871_ocl4t!
Business Chance.—One of the best opDor
tunities ever offered to a young man experi
sliced in the Hardware trade, to take the place
of a retiring partner. Small capital only need
ed. Address, Box 1873, Portland P. O.
__ oct 13 2t
To Let
A PLEA* ANT up stairs Tenement on Perl, street
with I good rooms and Sebigo water.
Inquire at No 1 Galt Block Commercial st.
octl4»lw
Board.
TO rent for the winter a tnrnlxhed parlor, also a
pleasant room to a Gentlemen uod Wile.
outUeodOt* 62 rRfcE &1KEKT,