•ATLY PRESS.
POItTLAND.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1«71.
Slate Aid lo 1 ;OUtt* School*.
E:rnwhere will be found two articles on the
subject ol State aid to denominational schools.
On,- is horn Rev. E. A. Helmershausen, a dis.
tieetnslied member of the Methodist deuom
ina1 ion, and the other is ar.onymous. There
hi, omitted from Mr. Helmershausen’s note
certain personal allusions which would un
questionably be as obscure to the public as they
are to us. In other respects both letters are ex
cellent boih iu spirit and in substance, aud
we heartily endorse all that is said by either.
It is fortunate that criticism of the proceed
ing of the Convention lately lipid in this
city has elicited from influential members of
ore ot our largest and most powerful religious
bodies the expression of opinions so sound
ami healthful. Substantially the position of
b ilh Mr. Helmershausen and the anonymous
Correspondent is this: “If aid is to be given
to schools established by religious bodies, the
Methodist institutions are entitled to the
same consideration as the rest; but the Meth
odists will gladly give their assent to tire doc
trine that the practice of subsidizing de.
nominal ioual schools should be at once and
forever abandoned.”
This is precisely the theory always held in
these columns. Last winter the Legislature
of Maine clearly indicated byr its action that
It regarded as inexpedient the granting ol
further aid to academies, seminaries or other
educational lustiiutions except the public
schools. Tne Convention of which Mr. Hel
ni-rsl,arisen was a member seemed to ignore
that historical tact, aud to shape its action ou
the false hypothesis that the State was to go
ou giving a little to a Universalist school here,
a Moibodist school there, and to a Congrega
tio'aaiist school yonder on the ground that the
two rival sects had been provided for. It was
for this caupe alone that we entered our pro
test. The time for encouraging the rivalry ot
religious denominations in the education oi
youth is past, and the time has come when
the St tie should put forth all its energies in
strengthening, enlaigiug and bringing within
the reach of all uniustrueted persons of
whatever age its main pillar, its great protec
tion from all dangers, its main stay—the com
mon school system.
We h ,ve hum time to time protested with all
viatw fra Am.lH nnmmnrwl .jAroirtcf lira tvronf.
ing ol special privileges to Catholic schools.
Now whatevei maybe our prejudices in favor
ol Protestantism, those prejudices were not the
inspiration of our protest. As a political pa
per the Pbkss can take no note of denomi
national differences. In opposing State aid
to denominational schools it does so on
stricily political grounds. It believes most
profoundly that secular instruction is the
function of civil and not of religions author,
ities. In giving effect to any other notion
not only if the common school, (he founda
tion stone of the Republic weakened, but un
profitable rivalries and contentions are the
malD lesul'. It is ait absolute impossibility
s to apportion the bounty of the State as to
content alike die Unitarians and the Bap
t sis, the Methodists and the Spiritualists, the
the Swedenborgiaus and the Episcopalians)
toe Congreaationalists and the Quakers. In
deed, if there were not other and more
important reasons tor establishing the rule
that no State aid shall be given to private
schools, the scandal created every year by a
religious lobby log roiling and disputing in the
State House, and iuciined to “call names,” as
we tear one of our correspondents is in his
letter, would be sufficient to justify it.
“Churches and state” is an idea almost as
repugnant to the genius of our institutions as
“church and state.” Where the state suo
ports schools exclusively ot one denomina
tion, as in England, the result is a gigantic
Wrong, but the schools are good. Here the
State, by the infinite subdivision of its re
sources, fails to build up good schools
while it does not, after all, escape the
imputation of allying itself with religious
denominations and discriminating in iavor ot
some to the neglect of others.
Secretary Derano is lecturing on the
Indian Peace Policy of Gen. Grant.
JtrEGE Pitman it is said will accept the
Homtuation of the Prohibitionists for Govern
or of Massachusetts, though his name was
used without his consent.
The New York Evening Post predicts that
an earnest effort will be made at the coming
session of Congress to inflate the currency b;
the futther issue of greenbacks.
Bangor exalts itself greatly in view of its
relation to the festivities now progiessing.
The Whig says tin t it is “a central emporium
on a grand international thorougblare.” And
the Whig is right.
A Spectator in the court room in New
Yotk tne other day carelessly overturned a
chair, when Judge Barnard gravely recom
mended him to be more carelui, as that chair
alone had ahead; cost the city over $400,000.
iiu iv-jj tuau utvu nun oicaui
ers are now bui.dmg in the United Kingdom.
This is a state ot things calculated to appeal
strongly to the teehngs ot intelligent Con
gres rneD in favor of doing something for our
s'nipbuduing and commercial interests.
One would tuink that M. Tbiers was in
league with those who hope to restore Napo
leon and the Empire, and that the part as
signed to him was rendering republican gov
eminent, ridiculous and contemptible by pas
ting cff his disgui id despotism as a genuine
democracy.
General Butleh would have a fine op
portuniiy to air bis immaculate valor if he
would dou the arms he wore at Fort Fisher
and load his Gloucester constituents to the
letcue of the ”E. A. Horton.” Perhaps he
might win as many laurels in the sea fight as
he did in liis Virginia lend fights, though
probably not so many as that antique Butler,
Themistocles,did at Salamis.
The Boston Post advises against the desperate
project of abandoning the Democratic organi
sation and supporting a conservative Repub
lican lor President. It speaks of the Democ
racy as “that noble organization, imbedded in
the princip'es and history of the Constitution.”
Ceitaiirly,just as the old trilobite or,any other
fossil is imbedded in the rock and is no long
er of interest to anybody but the paleontolo
gist. _
The Argus argues editotily in favor of
treating the President respectfuily, and seems
to give itself great, credit for magnanimity in
not recommending that he be mobbed or
assassinated, But the Argus was an original
Grant paper, and its moderation is less sur
prising than tliat.of the fiery Bangor Democrat
Which bespeaks “a clear sky, a bright sky and
a balmy atmosphere tor Gen. Grant's recep
tion, and goes to press a day earlier than
usual in older to give its winters a holiday.
Five fishing schooners have been seized by
tli* Dominion authorities within a year, and
consequently tbe ^Gloucester people are in
tensely exasperated, and are understood to
have adopted a systematic plan for “cutting
oat tbeir vessels. Their anger is nourished
by Gen. Butler, who in this way is able to con
tinue bis ascendancy over them. Indeed the
whole thing looks almost like a device ot But
ler's for creating a sensation and making him
eelt conspicuous by giving warlike advice'tud
promulgating legal opinious. We have seen
nothing more characteristic than bis plan of
operations with respect to the “Horton.** Tbe
General states that it is the duty of tbe United
Biaies authorities to board the Horton first if
possible, seize her in the name of the United
Slates, put au officer on board, and then if tbe
British gunboat attempts to retake her, it will
be a d*rect insult to the United Slates through
her ifficer, wbo will be in command. Tbe rea
■ous for this act are as follows: The Horton.
being in American waters, is under tbe jurls
lolton ot ilie United States authorities; being
Cou r s e! b b? isT und'erstood' by*’a I.’ 86'zur<>’ Of
tenure to get tbe Mb
f he p' l'P-r piooeediugs to del.ler Vier ol?r
her owners. er over 10
Catacazt Again.-It is said that tbe recall
oi tee Eussian minister is asked not because of
any social squabble but becauseot hu speaking
wii u g and aganst tbe treaty ot Washington
It is also charged ibat Mr. Catai azy betrayed
State Si crets which bad come to him in his ot
flcinl capacity, and did all he could to embar
rass tbe eflorts lor pea e between Great Brit
ain and tbe United States. Tbis is a lar more
Serious matttr than any social question can be
I.oiler from Ihe Norlhwiil.
MimneAPoLIS, Minn., Oct. 9,1871.
To the Editor of the Press
Few of your citizens are aware of the extent
ot the influence exerted by Maine inen in the
political councils aud business circles of this
Stale. No other State has furnished half the
number ot men of consequence that Maine
has. Of the present piominent political men
of the State, Maine has contributed her full
quota.
Tlie Governor—Horace Austin—is from
one of the interior counties, and has a brother
engaged in business in one of the towns of
Franklin. Gov. Austin is a candidate for re
election, nominated by acclamation. He is a
lswyer by profession, and was taken from the
judicial bench to fill the executive chair. His
residence is at St. Peter, on the Minnesota
River.
The Democratic candidate for Governor, is
Wintiirop Yeung, Esq., of {St. Anthony, for
merly of Calais, in your State. He Is an esti
mable gentleman, and a successful business
man.
The two Representatives in Congress are
both from Maine. Hon. Mark H. Dunwell,
who represents the first or Southern District,
is well known in your city, resided in Buxton
before coming to this Stats, was for a while
in command of the 5th Maine Regiment, aud
subsequently was consul to Vera Cruz. Be
fore his election to Congress, Mr. Dunuell
had served in the State Legislature, and lor
several years was Superintendent of Common
Schools, an office analagous to one he held in
your State several years before his removal to
ihe Northwest. His present residence is
Owatonna, about seventy miles from this city
on the line of the Milwaukee railroad.
The Representative from the Secosd Dis
trict, which embraces the northern part of the
State, and more than three fourths of the ter
ritory, is Hon. John T. Averill, of St. Paul,
formerly of VVinihropiu your State. Mr.
Averill is a paper manufacturer aud success
ful merchant, and stands deservedly high in
ihe esteem of his fellow citizens.
The present Superintendent of Common
Schools—the successor to Mr. Dunuell—is
Mr. Wilson of Red Wing, a city on the Missis
sippi just above Lake Pepin. He formeily
resided in Skowhegan, graduated at one of
yonr Maine colleges, and was accustomed tc
spend his long vacations in teaching, usually
in South Thoinaston aud vicinity.
When it is remembered that the German
aud Scandinavian elements are both represen
ted in the leading offices of the State govern
ment, it will be conceded that tor a single
Stale, and one so remote a3 yours,Maiue men
ex- rt a large influence in the politics of the
Gopher State.
Jared Benson,collector of Internal Reven
ue for more than half the State, is also from
Maine, and the Legislative Register will show
that the same Stale has contributed a full
quota of her sons to make up that department
of the State Government.
Of the business men of tbe State hailing
rrom Maine, I will name a few specimens:
Hersjy, Staples, Stickney and Bronson, ol
Stillwater, all from Maine, are among the
most prominent men of that thriving lumber
ing city. The Folsoms of Taylor’s Fall, also
from Maine, take lront rank among the suc
cessful^ men in the St. Croix valley.
Sam Mayall of St. Paul, at one time repre
sentative ot a Maiue district in Congress,
then a Democrat and now a Free-Trade, Pro
hibition Republican, is among the lorcmost
men of tbe Saiutly city. He is much more
active at present in business than politics,
though his name is being used in conuectiou
with|a third party nomination for Governor.
My iimited acquaintance in St. Paul, does not
permit me to mention other representatives
of your State in that enterprising city.
In St. Anthony, on the right ^bauk of the
Mississippi at the Falls of tbe same name, the
Maine element is very large. Prominent
among this class is Mr. Young, already
named, Farnham and Lovejoy, Capt. Rollins,
Todd, Chase and many others, all engaged in
tbe lumbering or milling business.
In this city—directly opposite to St. Antho
ny—Maine men take high rank among the
business population of the city. Foremost
among them is Dorilius Morrison, Esq., who,
with his sons, does the heaviest lumbering
business at the Falls. Mr. Morrison has
twice been elected Mayor of the city. W. D.
Washburn, Esq.,—brother to the Collector ot
your port—occupies a front rank among suc
cessful business men. Mr. Stickney, his part
ner, is a son of D. Stickney, Esq., of the
Presque Isle Sunrise. R. S. Stevens, with
his brother-in-law, Mr. Morse, are heavy
wholesale grocers. Mr. Stevens formerly rep
resented Oxford county in the Senate of your
State. Fletcher, a sort of dry goods king, is
irom the Penobscot; so are the Bracketts, one
of whom has been styled a “steam engine in
boots.” Mr. Fletcher’s partner, Loring, is
from Yarmouth. Besides these we have Gib
son Tyler, whose woclen blankets have
takes first premiums all through the West,
the Days, the Joneses, the Fosters, the Wake
fields, the Veazies, the Dilliughams, the Co
nants, the Longfellows, the Elliots, and a host
of others, whose names would fill my sheet,
all hailing from the “Dirigo” State, and all
engaged in business at this point.
xuio veiij bcuuo tu o> uunii’casici iiJUIv JiKC
a New England town than any place of its
size in the West. The New England element
largely predominates among the population of
native birth. The customs of the place—out
side the foreign population—are those of New
England, In this respect it presents a strik
ing contrast to St. Paul; a very pleasing con
trast to a New England man.
Wherever one goes in the State he finds the
sons 01 Maine. A few days since I made the
very pleasaut acquaintance of one formerly of
Norway—W. W. Hobbs, Esq ,—a noble speci
men of the “Oxlord Bears.” I had known
Mr. H., in a business way, for six months or
more, and by mere accident the discovery was
mutual that we were both from Maine, and
had known each other well—by report—in
days of lang syne. Mr. Hobbs is located
some seventy-five miles from here, on the big
prairie beyond the woods, on the line of the
St. Paul and Pacific railroad, settled down, to
use bis own expression, “among the unwash
ed Swedes;” and he is doing a lucrative busi
ness in exchanging merchandise and green
backs for country produce. His daughter, he
informed me, is the wife of J. M. Adams, Esq.,
o< the Argus of your city, but I was not long
in discovering that Mr. H. has much more
sympathy for the good reputation and business
prosperity of his son-in-law than for the polit
ical dogmas promulgated in his paper.
But enough of this gossipy letter. It may
or may not be interesting to your readers.
This city—the whole State of Minnesota—
has suffered a severe loss in the death of one
of ils truest friends, within a lew days. On
Sunday last was committed to the dust, all
that was mortal of Col. Cyrus Aldrich, re
cently postmaster of this city, and lor four
years during the war a Representative in Con
gress—a man who did more for the State, in
Congress and out ol Congress, than any other
man. To Col. Aldrich, more than to any one
else, is due the credit of securing the land
Pl'Ullt tn tl)P Vorlhorn Ponifin
iu process of construction, and there was no
a Minnesota soldier who went to Wasliiugtoi
during the late bloody struggle, who did no
have reason to thank God that such a mat
as Aldiich was there to see that his want!
were provided for and the honor of his Stat<
protected. Uis big heart has ceased to beat
a great soul has gone to the God who
gave it. Long in public life, often in situa
tions to have amassed wealth if he had been
less scrupulous ol his honor, yet he died poor
poor in this world’s goods, but rich in the
hold he had upon the respect and esteem ol
those who knew him. He had few if any en.
etnies, and to have become his enemy would
have betrayed a spirit not at all enviable. To
use the words of a St. Paul paper by no means
politically friendly, “even his greatest defects
were, near akiu to virtues.” If lie had weak
nesses—and who has not?—they were those
developed by his great generosity, and remark
able social spirit. His funeral on Sabbath
last, from the Universalist church, was the
largest ever known in the city.
As I write tidings of the terrible calamity
which has befallen Chicago come to hand,
and I have no heatt to say more. The fire
fiend in his wrath has seemed to do his worsti
and the Queen City of the West has become
a desolation. Your people will have a keen
appieciation of the terrible calamity, and tbae
tarn'r wU1 take Practical form no one
familiar with your history can doubt.
Observer.
Church and Slat* Again.
Camden, Oct 14,1871.
To the Editor qf the Press: s
Iu your issue of the 13th inst. there is a n ed-
itorial—“Church and State”—in reference to
the Methodist State Convention. The first
part is very appreciative. As I read the essay
which led to the discussion oi which you com- 1
plaiD, will you allow me a little space to ex
plain our position. If the State takes the
ground ot no money to any denominational 1
schools, we will give a good, hearty, Methodist 1
amen; but if appropriations are made at all, it 1
should he done impartially and fairly. The
idea cf the Methodist church becoming the
State church never existed in our wildest
dreams. Certainly we have no desire lor it.
In England, under the British Lion, the Wes
le.vaus came out from the State church, and
we shall never return to one uudet the wiugs
of the American eagle. We only desire of the
State, “and the rest ol mankind,” a fair
chauce and no special favors, The essays will
be published, and will speak for themselves.
Yours truly,
E A. Kelmerskausen.
Mr. Editor,—Your editorial of the 13th
inst., iu leiatiuu to the Methodist Convention,
contains some inferences which are hardly
ju-t to that body.
The essay containing what you deem objec
tionable seutiments iu regard to Slate aid to de
nominational s bools were the seutiments of
the author of the essays. How tar the con
vention approved those sentiments, was not
determined by vo'e.
The time devoted to this discussion was hritf,
and but littlj opportunity could be allowed for
a full discussion of ttie subject.
The subject of education was referred to a
committee of three persons from each of the
two coufeiences of this State, to report at some
time hereafter.
Methodists of Maine do not ask Slate pat
ronage for their school", on denominational
grounds, but simply on the ground of the ser
vice they are rendering iu the work of general
education; much less do they claim or desire a
monopoly ol Siale patron.ge. They however
do object to an unjust discrimination against
their'interests. Ail they ask is equal justice, in
common with all other citizens and religious
denominations in the State. Methodist.
Oct. 14, 1871.
Recent Publications.
A very lively,toff hand jovial, book for boys
is J. Robinson Warren’s Shooting, Boating and
Fishing. The boys will hardly find a more at
tractive teacher in the art and mystery of se
lecting gunpowder, gun and dogs; of shooting
snipe, woodcock, ducks and quail; of boat sail
ing, spicing a rope, re.dog, trimming sails
and tacking; of fisbing aud all tbe details of
tbe piscatorial science. Illustrated. Publish
ed by Charles Scripner Co., New York, aud
for sale by Loriug, Short Harmon.
Dresser Ayer have received from Sheldon
Co., New York, two fresh novels that ap
peared originally in the colnmns of the Galaxy
where they were very ^popular. These are
Overland, a sparkling story of Western life and
■lrtiranf nvn Krr T W 1 baa T^nrnof nntkne of ITnf/i
Beaumont, &c., anil Lady Judith by tbe pro
lific Justin McCarthy who lately wrote such a
romance about our Maine liquor law and call
ed it fact. Mr. McCarthy's acknowledged fic
tion, however, is undeniably good.
Charles Kingsley, who began life as a roar
ing Radical aud the author of chartist novels,
but who has now glided, like so many middle
aged English gentlemen, into wealth, high so
cial position aud Toryism, all at about tbe
same time, has recently made a visit to the
West Indies. He records his experiences in a
book which he calls At Last: A Christian in
the West Indies. It is finely illustiated and is
as readable.as any of the author’s novels. Pub
lished by.Harper Brothers.
The Presidential Partt.—The correspon
dent ot the Boston Journal accompanying the
Presidential party gives the following descrip
tion of the scene in the President’s car. Most
people in Maine have not been accustomed to
look upon the jovial member from the Fourth
District exactly as “a sphinx,” but never mind:
A soft perfume fills the charming middle sa
lon iu which the President receives, and where,
by the way, I believe he has-not been seen with
the traditional cigar yet. He is as inscrutable
as ever, aud seems to have but little inclination
to fall into conversation. Tbe little man with
his firm, set jaw aud stern eyes, and in his
dress of solemn black, all unbefitting for bo
martial aa air, is surrounded by faces and men
which bting out his characteristics iu strong
relief.
Bet us look for a moment at the people in
this special car. Poor Mr. President, you are
tbe idol ot the moment, but you must obey the
bidding of Speaker Blaine, who at this mo
ment as I write is in his own district and knows
every stone by the wayside. He speaks to Gen.
Grant: “Mr. President, you had better stand
on tbe platform just here,” and the President
wearily obeys. Blaiue, with his intense, prac
tical lace and brusque business like air, attracts
attention every where, and receives cheers all
along the line. There is a galaxy of celebrities
seated in the grand saloon ot the special car.
There is Gen. Babcock, one of the President’s
private Secretaries, a quiet geullemau, with
the military Cut of whisser, and a fund of in
formation about Washington; there is the
stout, full bearded, ripe Secretaiy el War,Gen.
Belknap, smoking a fa Gratt; there is Hon.
Mr. Peters, the Maine Congressman serene as
a sphinx; that tail gentleman with a huge
moustache aud nautical air is Admiial Alden,
commander of the “Wabash;” that noble look
ing gentlemen, with long, silver gray hair aud
moustache, is ex-Goveruor Chamberlain, of
Maine, and there, seated beside him, in Gen.
Horace Porter, another of the President’s sec
retaries, jauntily cbattiug; while next him the
spiritual face ot SeDa'or Buckingham, of Con
necticut, shines likeastar; U. S. Marshal Usb
er strides to aud fro iu the carriage, watchful
of the President’s comfort; Gen. Rufus Ingalls
has fallen as'eep in his chair, and Senator Cat
tell, of New Jersey, fresh, aclive and observ
ant, is looking out on the Maine plains thro’
which we are so lapidly running. In tbe side
saloon Hon. Mr. Robeson, the navy’s efficient
Secretary, chats cherrily with the tired Presi
dent, and cracks jokes with Gen. Belknap,who
is the lile of the occasion. Secretary Robeson
is ot the English type of feature, full of good
humor, affable and ruuniug over with inform
ation. Postmaster General Creswell is seated
next, quietly, smoking his eternal cigar. He is
an elderly gentleman, quiet and reserved in
manner, aud so devoted to his work that his
mind is always on it. There is the familiar
iace or ur. coring, our aiassacnusetts farmer
and politician, with his clear cut, manly, im
passive features, redolent of calm. Then there
is Hon. John Lynch, of Portlaud, and there is
the quiet, fine looking Gov. Petham, of Maine,
modest in his corner, and next him Senator
Sawyer, of South Carolina. Major Clayton
McMicbael, Commander of the third district of
Maine duriug the war, is Dhxt. He is now edi
tor of the Philadelphia North American, and
represents the Quaker city in the party. There
is Gen. Thomas VW Hyde, who was with Sher
idan in the Shenandoah; Gen. James A. Hall,
whose artillery did such execution at Gettya
burg; ex-Senator James W. Bradbury, ex
Gov. Coburn, A. B. Mullett, Supervising arch
itect of the Treasury of Washington, are all
seated near by. The British Consul for Port
land has joined the party, and polished Sir
John Young, l ord Lisgar, of Canada, is sur
rounded by his ministers, and busily engaged
in conversation.
A Convenient Friend.—It is now thought
that Barton, the Waierbury, Vt., bank robber,
made his escape from the custody of Sheriff'
Brown in ieminine disguise. It is stated that
a woman came aboard the cars at Essex Junc
tion on Tuesday morning. After the train left
Montpelier with Barton as a passenger, un
haudeufted, she expressed and showed stroDg
sympathy with him and was allowed by his
keepers to remain iu the saloon, of which he
was an occupaut. It is supposed that she
changed apparel with him, left the cars at
North Hartlauil while Barton proceeded to
New York, the unobserved of all observers.
Draw Poker on the Bench.—They must
be running short of judicial timber in Penn
sylvania. The keeper of a gambling hell in
Honesville was recently} hauled up before the
local court. In the course of the trial some
curious (acts were developed. It was ascertain
ed that the prosecution had been instigated by
one of the side judges ot the court who had
lost $1000 mot long before iu the defendant’s
place at draw poker, aod that the other side
judge had fraudulently tampered with the re
cords of the court, and given the defendant a
tavern license after the president judge had
refused his application. Tho president judge
in passing sentence remarked that his associ
ates on the bench were greater fcriminals than
the prisoner at the bar. We are not surprised
to hear that the? sessions of tliatj court have
beeu suspended, and there is considerable ex
citement iu Honesville.
“VW v/mraniAiua r UUH1A.NS TREAT
Helpless Men. Further accounts of the
killing of Abel Gridley, at Warsaw, Ky., say
that Gridley was a man of some property but
macb feared. His depredations on the neigh
bors became so intolerable that they banded
against him and caught him. There were sev
eral cases of robbery against him in court and
he threatened the lives of the witnesses finally
killing Joseph Worth. The party who attack
ed the jail numbered 75 or 100 men from the
country. They broke into the jail but were
unable to break into Gridley’s cage, and shot
at him eight times through the bars. His wife
and infant were wilh him at the time. He
curbed anddetieu his muiderers to the last.
Tlie town was picketed and nobody allowed to
interfere. The citizens ot Warsaw, a despatch
says, deeply regret the occurrence which they
were unable to prevent, but the people of the
country breathe more freely as no man’s life
or property was sale while Gridley was alive
he was so lurious at his prosecution for his mis
deeds.
Some one asked Mrs. Cady Stanton if she
thought that the girls possessed the physique
necessary for the wear and tear of a college
course ot study. Ber reply is both sensible
and sarcastic. “I would like to see you,” said
Mrs. Stanton, “take thirteen hundred young
men, and lace them up, and hang ten to twen
ty pounds weight of clothes to their waist
perch them upon three-inch heels, cover their
heads with ripples, chignons, rats and mice
and stick ten thousand hair pins into their
scalps; if they can stand all this, they will
stand a little Latin and Greek.”
Gen.'Gkamt will take up Ins permanent res
idence at the White House on his return from
Maine. Probably his first duty will be to re
ceive the Grand Duke Alexis and offer him an
amicable cigar.
ii- r[F\m»T»L*r 'I'Crji
Items.
It is stated that Mr. A. T. Stewart will ten
er a grand banquet to tbe Grand Duke Alexis
u his arrival, that event being to mark tbe
peniug of his new mansion on Fifth avenue
he finest private residence in America.
A small wooden building in Lowell, oceu
lied has a dry house, was burued yesterday.
The Supreme Court is now in session at
Portsmouth. There are two or three murder
ases, and some for manslaughter, and many
ither inteiestiug cases which will be brought
lefore the grand jury. The case of Benjamin
iVoodbury ol Salem, N. H., who was ruu over
>y the Manchester and Lawrence train, Dec.
L7tb, 1870, is expected to he tried at this tetrn.
At a Democratic meeting in New York
Monday night Samuel J. Tilden, chairman of
the Democratic State Committee denounced
Tammany as a deu of thieves.
Private letters from Chicago state that the
ladies of wealth there are sending what re
mains ot wardrobes anil jewelry to New York
for sate to raise money to help tbe sufferers.
The Spanish man-of-war Tornado is at As
pinwail watchiDg the movement* of the filli
bustering steamer Virginia.
A telegraphic cable has b en successfully
laid between Barbadoes and Demarara.
The Comptroller of the Currency sends a
dispatch to Mr. Bnutwel! pronouncing the
Chicago banks sound, and says they are pay
ing every dollar on demand.
Judge Ingraham has ordered the suppression
of the scaudalnus testimouy in the Stokes
ease, in which Col. James Fisk, Jr., is involed.
There were two deaths from yellow lever
at Chaileston Monday and two Tuesday.
Capt Houston lias brought a suit at Mem
phis for $50,000 against Gen. Forrest »ud others
for value of arms destroyed some years since
by a party of disguised meu.
Frederick Temple Blackwood, Lor Duffer
in, aud Paymaster Geueral, has been created
au Earl.
Several liquor cases in the Supreme Court
at Concord, N. H,, weut up to the full bench
on the refusal ol a witness who bought liquor
to testify, in the ground that his evidence
would criminate himself, making him au ac
complice in the sale. For political reasons, it
is thought, the prosecuting officers were not
unwilling to have the cases go by.
It is rnmored that Judge Ledwith, one of
the Committee ol 70, has sold out to Tamma
ny, his price being the judgeship of the Su
preme Court, but Ledwith says he can’t be
bought. The Bowery Savings Bank gave $2000
to tbe Committee, and the tools of Tammany
are trying to get np a run on it in conse
quence.
There are a large number of vessels disabled
on the Lakes, in addition to those previously
reported" Oue vessel for thirteen days was
unable to proceed on account of tbe smoke
which has been hanging over the Lakes.
Bussell Gurney, English commissioner un
der the Treaty of Washington, is in Toronto.
Theodore B. Pryor, sou of Geu. Boger A
Pryor, is miss'mg.
A contractor named Bice had pepper thrown
in bis eyes, and $16,000 taken from him in Har
risburg, Pa., yesterday.
The Chancellor ot New Jersey has decided
the in|UDCtiou case iu iavor ot the Pennsylva
nia Central.
E K. Rockwell ol New York, has recovered
$12,000 from the 31 Ave’iue railroal, for inju
ries from a hioki-u track.
San Francisco has raised $150,000 for the
Chicago sufferers. Portland, Oregon, sends1
$10,000.
Heavy sand storms are prevailing in Los
Angelotand San Bernado counties, and some
fifty thousand sheep have been lost among the
mountains.
Collector Morhhy of New York publisbe8
a card, in which he denies the allegations of
fraud and covars the statement of Gen. Dix
and H. S. Oleoit. They do not alter the previ
ous decision that no Irands were committed.
The Collector states that he never gave a dol
lar to support Democrats lor office, did not at
tend the Philadelphia Couveution, his sen
never held an office under Controller Connol
ly, that until last July Greeley was associate
owner of stocks in Tweed’s tobacco manulac
tory, that Murray’s testimony will not be ad
mitted in any Court, that Olcott is proven to
have received $2000 for securing a cadet ap
pointment, and That the charges of lx th the
latter are eulirely false. He says he shall not
reler to these things ugaiu.
The Tribune states that the charges ol fraud
against Murphy yet remain unrelated, and
they will until he stops writing such foolish
cards as this.
Mr. J. T. Shores, of Portsmouth, dropped
dead yesterday morning. He was cashier of
the National Mechanics’ and Traders’ Bank,
which position he has held twenty-four years,
pre/ious to which he had been connected with
banks some fifteen years. He would have been
eighty years old in January next. He was
writing at his desk when he fell, and in ten
minutes dissolution took place; cause, apo
piexy.
State TNewt*.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
Charles Marlin of Augusta, a bright little
fellow eight years ol age, who was kicked by a
horse seveial days since, died of bis injuries
Tuesday morning, says the Journal.
Among those wlio have lost heavily, if not
all they possessed, at the Chicago fire, may be
mentioned Rev. J. W. Hanson, formerly of
Augusta, where be was at one time editor and
proprietor of the Gospel Runner, who was in
the publishing business in Chicago.
Our correspondent writes that by tbe fall of
a staging at Gen. Smith’s mill at Wnterville,
on Friday afternoon, an estimable yoang man
named Jerome Simpson was precipitated thir
ty feet to the rocky bed of the river below, re
ceiving injuries so severe .bat he died in a lew
boura. Mr. Simpson was to have been mar
ried that evening.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The Whig says a country man was fleeced
out of $50 on the Portland steamer on the trip
to Bangor, Tuesday, by a three card monte
sharper.
The Whig says Henry Saunders of Bangor,
was accidentally killed while gunning in the
woods near Kingman, Tuesday. He was in
company wiih two other young men. One ot
them was loading a pistol, when it fas acci
dentally discharged, lodging the bullet in
Saunder’s heart. He lived only a lew minutes.
The eastern end of the dam across Jimskit
finn.vlr It'-.ll^ TY";----x_v
the freshet Tuesday morning at two o’clock.—
This is a very severe loss to Mr. Kiugnau and
the Shaw brothers, as well as loa large num
ber of operatives employed by Mr. Kingman
iu bi3 immense tannery. Many months must
elapse before the dam can be rebuilt. Mr. K.
has 150,000 sides ol leather which mutt be re
moved to some other tannery lor finishing.
Capt. Daniel White, of the Jameson Guards,
Bangor, was presented with a magnificent
sword and belt costing $i50, on Tuesday even
ing, as a token ol the respect and affection ol
the men under his command.
SOMERSET COUNTY.
An old man about 75 years of age, about 5
feet 7 inches in height, dressed iu a gray suit,
straw hat and army overcoat, whose mind was
so impaired that he did not know his name,
died at the house of Otis Holden, Esq., Moose
River, October 8th. A portion of a note dated
Mew Portland, Nov. 30th, 1858, payable to
Daniel Cole, with the Mgnature torn eff, was
iound iu bis pocket book.
Two bears, about one year old, were caught
in a steel trap ou Bald Mountain one day last
Wfeek.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
RECEPTION
OF THE
The Committee of Arrangements give notice that
on
Friday, the 20th Inst.,
at 9 o'clock the President, his Suite, incited Guest*,
and the City {Government, will torm in procession
iu iront ot the Falmouth House, and proceed ai
fol'ows:
Leaving the Falmouth House (he procession will
march up M.dule s.reet o Congress; up (WresTt,'
btate; down State to Danlorth; uoDantorth to tm
ery, through Fmery to Spring; up spring to Bow
doin up Bowdoin to the Western Promenade- tram
Promenade to Bramhali; down Bratnhall u. Con
gress; down Congress to Slate down sta.e to Deer
Free through Middle 10 In da; up India to Congress”
up Congress to the City Hali. ogress,
During the progress ot the procession a Presiden
tial Salute will be Hied.
Cpon arrival at the City Hall the escort will be
relieved from further service.
At the Hall the President will be introduced to the
citizens. As be must leave by special train at two
o’clock, hut a short time can be devoted to this pur
pose.
Alter the President retiies from the liall be and
his suite wifi return to the Falmouth House.
Escort duty is expected to be periormed by the
Portland Mechanic Blues,
Portland Light Infantry,
Portland Cadets.
Nonvay Light Infantry,
Auburn Light Infantry,
Post Bosworlh, O. A. Republic,
Portland Army and Navy Unhon.
CAPT. GEO. W. PARKER will command the
Escort.
A part ol State street, on the west side be
tween Congress and Spring streets, will be reserved
tor Children, and also the Galleries in the Cityy Hall
Per Order ot Committee.
Octoter 18 snzt
The Lorillard Insurance Co.
Telegraph lhat they are in the bauds ot u Itecei'ver
Policy holders are requested to hand in ihrir p „li-'
cies to be canoeled, and get their; return premil im
and change their risks into some other company
L. S. TWOMBLY, Agent,
ocl9anlw 30 Exchange at'.
POUNDS
BEST
GRANULATED
SUGAR,
FOB
One Dollar!
AT
Gogia Hassan’s
139 Middle
0 -AND
6 Temple st.
October 19-dtt
ONE FAVOR.
One favor, Boys, ot you we a9k,
And as we’ve done so imu h tor you,
We bope you will not think a task
The thing we wish to have you do.
You’ve many little triends, may be,
Who ‘‘Clothing” tor the season need;
Ask them to call, and we’ll agree
To sell them very loto indeed;
Tell them he place to buy new “Clothis,”
Coat, Pants, Vest. Hat and Shoes complete,
Is at the st re of GKORGE FKNNO'S,
Corner ot Beach and Washington Street.
Boston, Oct 18. snlw
Portland Cadets,
All members are requested to meet at the Armory
for drill on every night, in order to perlorm escort
duty to the President next Friday. The presence oi
all is desired, as every uniform must be fibed.
Per order, JOHN ANDERSON, Capt.
sn-octl7-3t H. A. MERRILL, Sec.
GOLD DUST!
All lovers ot CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. sep5d2mo it
They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA ST JRE,
Fluent Block,
sep27-sneodtf Exchange st.
ANDREW MJOENIX,
7
DEALER IN
Kitchen Furnishing Goads,
Has the celebrated
Walker Range,
Hot Closet, and Patent Side Shell, a new and novel
invention, the only Range in the Market with
this Improvement.
Walker’s Furnaces!
Brick or Portable,
The Best FTTRNACE to he Bad.
Also an assortment ot
Parlor, Office and Cooking Stoves
Can be tound at
lOO Federal street.
Having secured the services of Mr. Wm, Googins,
(formerly Knights, Gocgins Co would be phas
ed to sec his friends and all others at
109 Federal street.
oc7-smw t eodlw
GRAHAM FLOOR
OF A SUPERIOR QUALITY
Fmb from the Ulill. Also the celebrated
i( p o s Te l 8,»
Ami Otlier Choice Brands.
MIA XV, HlJIIIlim) EARNEV.
oc9 d3ui
DR. E. F. GARVIN’S
Tax* Remedies,
-FOR
Coughs, Colds ami Lur.g Diseases,
For tale lit Wholesale, by
xv. rn. PHILLIPS A CO Hru88i.il,
0Ct139K2w* No. 46 Middle Street, Portland. Me,
FOR SSAlJLJES
THE new two story French root bouse, just fln
ished, on Cusbman st.; house piped tor Sebago,
ana all the modern improvements. Enquire on the
premises or No 26 Emery st. ,T. A. TENNEY,
aepfidtt SB
English, American and Belgian, Beal
Twist and Imitation
Double Barrel Shot Guns!
ttSF* A new lot just received, to be sold at prices
lower than ever.
O. L. BAILEY, 4N EXCHANGE ST.
E^Sigu ol the Holden Rifle. oc 10 eod
An Authentic History
Of the War between Germany and France
with Biographies ot the principal actors therein. Al
so an account ol the Civil War and Keign of
Terror in Faria. Over 800 pages, and 160 illus
trations. Sold only l.y subscription. ATWELL
Agent lor Portland. aul9eodtf as
hRA .PERKIN’S SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
r. mi. i r. _ j
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute ail parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN DUNCAN’S SONS,
aug!2sn6m Agents, New Yoik.
Dr. Bicknell’s Syrup,
For the cure ot Bowel or Summer complaints, acts
like magic upon Dysentery, ulaninjea, Cholera Mor
bus, Colic, Cramp, sick or Sour Stomach, Dyspep
sia. <fec, giving immediate relief. Free Horn opiate,
and never produces costiveness. Designed for chil
dren as-well as grown persons. Sold by all dealers
m m»*d cine. Please give it atrial. Prepared only
by Edward Suttcn, ot Providence, ft. I. jyi9su3m
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded warehouses on
Brown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings York Danforth and Com
mercial Streets.
Advances made on properly stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
jylSsn 97 Exchange Street.
COAL $8.50.
Broken for
Boilers—Furnaces—Store stoves—
Salamanders”—or in fact any pur
pose where a large sized and strong
Coal is desired or required—ottered
at the above price,which is certain
ly low, considering tne present
phase ot the Coal Market.
JOS. B. BOOK BBO.
^ocSsntt
Pit KKI) UP ADKIPT fliteen miles e**t
from Thatcher’s Isiand, mackerel nets. The
owner cf*n lt-arn of the san e, by calling on
LEWIS, CHASE WHITTEN,
oct17 Custom House Wharf, Pertlaud,
.-iFECIAL NOTICES.
TO THE LADIES
01 Portland and Ticluity we would announce that we are now receiving our FALL and WINTKK
Stock ot French Millinery Goods,
CONSISTING OF
Silks, Ribbons, Velvets,
French Flowers, Feathers, and
Ornaments.
FRENCH AND ENGLISH ROUND HATS,
New Style Bonnets, &c. &c.
To which we respectfully invite your|attention.J
Mrs. W. L. SWELL,
337 CONGRESS STREET.
sep21sntm
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Go.,
Union Bank.of London,
ASD Ti-E
Provincial Bunk of Ireland
And all it» Branched.
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN SONS,
jel3-sntt 91 Exchange Hu
rTes MCVAL
-AND
REOPENING
-OF THE
Old Post Office
On an entirely new plan.
This office wil* open for the delivery ot
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
Crockery House Furnishing Good
Or every name and kind, on or about the
SOth of Sept. 1871.
Persons calling lor anything in our stock wi
please leave iheir name, street and number and a
will be deliverer! Iree bv one of our numerous ca
riers. Office open from 7 A M., to 9 P M., Sun
days excepted.
Hooper, Eaton Co.
P. S. Entrance irom Exchange, Federal or Mar
ket sts. sepl8
THK
ADJUSTABLE SPRING BED.
THEBEST
AND
Cheapest in the World
MANUFACTURED BY
Tbos. P. Beals Co.,
MARKET STREET.
This Bed is pronounced by al! &H who have used it
to he superior to an> other ever offered to the public
The Manufacturers make the fter to guarantee
periect satisfaction to everv purchaser ot this article.
Also Manufacturers ot
Chamber Nets
A ml Dealer* in all kind* of
F URN ITU RE.
orl3tf__
TVo More Wet Feet.
Cable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOR
BOOTS and SHOE&,
Is rapidly and stead'ly superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides tarnishing the most durable, pliable
couomical boot ever offered the public, it affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than ever before made of the same maieiia’s.
All Dealer* sell f able Screw Wired Good*.
Patent Stamp on all. *ct2sn eod6w
A. M. McKENNEY,
THE WELL KNOWN
Photographic Artist!
Has fitted up the
Best Photographic Boo
in the State, and furnished ‘bent in the most fash
ionable and elegant style, where he will make all the
styles ot the art as well as can be done in the S ate.
tie has secured the services of the celebrated Pho
tographer
B. F. SMI CH.
Mr. Smith would be pleased to have the patronage
of his old mends.
He returns his thanks to the public for their past
patronage ana hopes ior the continuance ol the same
at his ne v place.
161 middle street, Portland, me.
ocfc 16-sndlw.S w4w42
ON MAURI A GJE.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
and ABUSES, which interfere with MARRIAGE—
with sure meann of re'ief for the Erring and Unfor
tunate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARD ASSOUI AVION, No. 2, S. Nimh St., Philadel
phla. Pa.jy 26-gK mg
Batcnelors Hair Bye.
j ms bujibi u nan i;»b i ne oesi in me worm—per
feet y harmless, reliable ami ins an'aneous; no dis
apoinnnent; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor
rhe genuine Wm, A. Batchelor's Hair Dye provinc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Hrown, leaves the hair clean, soft, beautilui; doe>
not contain a particle of lead or any iqjurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists.
Fac on, 16 BOND S TREET, N.,Y.
Jy 11 SN D&W 1Y
TV O TICE!
THE Cigar store that wan advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, has removed back to the olu
stand on Exchange street, where I will still manu
taciure the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invfP
all my customers and trieuds iu general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the prices. I
have all brands ot Imported Cigars,-and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
i I want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. K. PONCE, No. 80 Exchange St.
yl-tf
The Security Door Check,
Is an article of honest utility. It meets a want hith
erto unsupblied, and is approved by eminent citi
zens and the press. It is handsome bronze orna
ment. it is so small that it is never in the way, and
may be carried by lady or gentleman when traveling.
It is neat, simple, light, strong, useful, ornamental.
Cheap.
Everybody needs It; Call and see it. 29 Market
Square. NUTTER BROTHERS Co..
oc6dlwsn Portland.
Portland Observatory.
VtO Stranger should leave the City without visit
li iugrlie Observa'ory on Mnnjoy’s Hill. From
the cupola 2i.7 fe above the ^a. inav be seen the
entire City, the Ocean to the horizon. Casco
with its 365 Islands The White Mountains 80
miles distant, and with the powerful Telencope
mounted in the capola objects ,30 miles distant in
every direction may be distinctly seen. The views
here are said to be unsurpassed for beauty and va
riety by any in llie world. Corgress street cars pass
very 15 minutes. SN Jy22 3m
EXCHANGE
-OK
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
AND
Ready for Immediate Delivery!
in sums|to;suiti
WM. 13. woon.
67 Exchange St.
Aiem lor {Henry Clew* Co., N„ V.
Juue27-tl sn
DR. INOALLS,
Scientific Physician.
Heals the sick upon the principle of the late Dr. P P
Quimby’s practice.
Office 39 Temple St.
Office hours trom 8 a. m.. to 12 m., and from 1 to 3
P- m.sep30?n*3w
8. B. CrOWELL,
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entire
stock ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
until he sells his bouse. (See advertisement by Geo.
R. Davis tf Co.) Wow is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
iy"Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntf
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the city will seH my
stock and place ot business at great discount.
1 shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber. Plank. Spam. Knees, Deck
mg, and Treenails.
Also 30.000 Ce# «r R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on JL. TAYLOK.
8ePt sntI 17« Commercial st.
NOTICE.
All Parties wfchiug to visit Chicago, to see the
ruins of the Great Conflagration, or otherwise,
should call ai Grand Trunk Ticket Office, opposite
Preble House, where tickets can be had at lowest
rates.
pcl7tl §n D. H. BLANCHARD. Agt.
6 PER CENT.
First Mortgage
BONDS,
OF THE
Leeds Farmington R.R. Go.,
Principal and interest guaranteed by the
IT!aiue Central Railroad Co.,
FOR 8ALE BY
H* TH, PAYSOI,
3» Exchange st., Portland.
aug22 an
Procure Tickets
iSSl W. D^Little Op/s,
I OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENOY
I _
Travelers for California
and the West, Month and Northwest* may ob
tain througn Tickets, by the beat and ao-t
reliable routes Irom Port'aid, or n.isiuu. or
New York, to anv point desired at the lowest
i ales at the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency,
W. D. LITTLE *C CO.,
OSce 49 1-9 fixchance
ty Reliable information cheerfully furnished m
8 all dmes. aufiOd tf sn
The Steamer Emperor
Will Hot Leave Portland for Yar
if mouth until turther notice.
act 8-sntf _
MARRIED
In Norway. Oct. 11, Albion P Chapman, ot Bethel
ind Mrs. Betsey W. Penly, ot Norway.
id Bethel, Sept. 30, Ralph W. Bean, ot Gilead, and
Ella M. Wheeler, ot B.
lu Lewiston, Oct. 9, Allred Bateman and Emily F.
Bickford.
In Lewiston. Oct. 12, Chas. F. Hartshorn and Miss
Dana Bonallie.
DIED.

In Cumberland, Oct, 15, Mr. Alexander Wbitaev
agtd *3 years. J
In Edgecomb. Sept. 25. Mr. Austin Oreenleat. aged
02 vears 11 months. [Maine papers please copy.]
In Monmouth Oct. 17. Mrs Appuia, relict ot the
late Z na* Waterhouse, ag d 83 years 8 months.
In New Gloucester, Oct. 13, Franklin Kidder, aged
69 yean 9 months.
In Bath, Oct. 14, Mrs. Amoriel Lowell, aged 89 yrs.
8 months
In Bowdoinham, Oct. 7, Mr. Jeremiah Fisher, aged
67 ye irs.
DEPARrtKKOFOCEAN STEAHLR'
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
Columbia .New York .Havana.Oct >9
City ot Ealtimore. .New York. .Liverpool.Oct 1>
Hibernian.Quvbec.Liverpool.Oct 21
'aledonia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct?)
Pereire.New York. .Havre.Oct 2'
City ot Brussels... .New York.. Liverpool.Oct 21
Merrunac.New York. .Rio Janeiro.. .Get 23
Cleopatra....New York. .Havana.Oct 24
Scotia.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 2
olorado.New York.. Liverpool.Oct 2fl
St David.Quebec.Glasgow.Oct 2*
Missouri.New York. .Havana..Oct 26
City ol Antwerp.. New York.. Liverpool.Oct .6
Moravian.Quebec.Liverpool.Oct
Anglia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 28
Algeria.New York. .Liverpoo1.Get 2
ccean!c.New York.. Liverpool.Oct 28
Miniature Almanac.Octabfr 19.
tun rises.6.17 Moon sets. 9.30 PM
4nu Sets.,.......... 5 12 I High water,,... 3.15 Pk
MAlKIISTK NMWB.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Wed neat day, Oct. 18.
ARRIVED.
Steamer Franconia. Bragg, New York—mdse to
Henry Fox.
Brig Amelia Emma, Carlon, Philadelphia—400 tons
coal to order.
Sch J C Roker, Taylor, Boston
Sch Willi* Putnam. Noble. Boston tor Calais.
Sch E K Dresser, Reed, Boothbay, to load lor Porto
Rico.
Sch Ocean Romp Fowle, Westport.
Sen Susan France*. Smith. Laniuine for Boston.
Sch Edward Frank, Fuller, Bristol tor Wey
mouth.
Sch CafPeilane. Simon ton. Rockland for Boston.
Sch s Sawyer. Smith, Ne'vcast’e tor Boston.
Sloop Twilight, Cleave?, Well’s Beach.
CLEARED.
Sch Nellie Chase, Upton, New York—Yeaton
Bo%d.
Sch H K White, Finley, 8t John, NB—John Por
teeus.
Jos H Dyer is building at the foot of Pearl street
a si earn* ug about 65 lee* l«»i g, tor Cbas S*wyer and
o’hers, of Portland, to be launched in six'weeks
She will be employed in the harbor n>r towing and
•applying water to vessels.
Launched—At Pembroke recently, from the yard
ol J Wiiuer Co. a -cur of 140 tons, named Scud
She Is intended io- the coasting trade and will be
commanded by Capt A Holloway.
Capt R Landick has a schr ot 200 tons nearly ready
tor launching, owned by parties in Pembroke.
Parsons Bios will launch next week a schr of 13t
•ons, owned in Pembroke and Calais, and to be com
manded by Capt Sawyer.
NEinOKANDA.
Royd. has been repaired and strengthened the pasi
m nth and a new mizzenmast put in.—aiso new
(»re and main topmasts put up, wiih new yards and
an entire n*w suit ol salts.
Sen C F Y »ung, ot Portland, came off the railway
•6th, repaired and strengthened.
Ship Wild Rover. Nichols, from Tquique lor New
York, is reported ashore at Jones Inlet. Long Island,
and has bilged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN FRANCISCO—Otd 7th, ship Osceola, Ellis,
Newcastle. NSW.
Ar lOlh barque Rose .VI, Pendleton. Hong Kong.
C>d 10 h. ship St Nicholas. Williams, for Sydney,
NSW. Sid, ship Aurora. Norton, do.
NEW ORLEANS—Old I2lb, barque Solomon, Car
ter, Havre.
Id lath, brig W H Bickumre, tor Boston.
MOBILE—Ar lltli, ship Progress, Young, Live
pool.
PENSACOLA—Ar 12th, brig Wm Robertson, Cur
tis, Mobile.
Sid 12th. sch Wm A Morrill, Keen, Indlanola.
SAVANNAH—Cld 16th, sch Florence NTowei,
Perry, Brunswick. Ga.
Ar 13tb, brm Princeton, Freatby. Philadelphia.
WILMINGTON—Ar :4th, sch H U Bird, Drink
water. Rotkland.
B LTIMORE—Ar 15th, sch Grecian, Jarzis, trom
Liverpool.
PHILADELPHIA—Ar 11th, barque Staffa, Brook
man. Boston.
Ar 16th, schs J G Drew, Carter, Jacksonville; Jos
riay, Hathaway. Boston duly Fourth, Cobb, Wil
mingion; Sami Gilman Kell y. Oard ner.
Old 16ih. sc.'is G M Wentworth, Robbins, St John;
Mary A Harmon. Parker, Portsmouth
N KW YORK—Ar 17ib, brig Orbit. Nash, at Pierre;
«cbs Helen G King, Marshall, and E C Gates, Free
man. Calais: Savannah. Whitney, Bangor; A K
Woodward. Woodward, Ellsworth: S L Burns Cros
by, St George, N B; Delaware, Knowlton, Rockland
^allie B, Bateman. Boston tor Philadelphia; Eagle.
Soavey, Bangor lor do; Maggie .Mulvey R*wley, Bos
ton lor Baltimore: Eddie ETreat, Todd, Poitiand;
Virginia, Smith. Newark.
Cld 16th, brig Lizzie Wvman, Hopkins, Aspinwall;
sch B F Lowell. Leavitt. Mobile.
Ar 17tb, brig Abby Ellen, Havener, Fernandina 10
days; sets Kate Wectworth. Mead, trom Pensacola;
Franconia, Leavi t Wilmington.
Ar 18th, brig D R Stockwed, Smith, Buenos Ayres.
Cld 17th, ships Tranquebar, Waterhouse. Havre;
Am Union, tor London, barques Jas Wilsh, Ham
mond, Barbadoes Augustine Kobbe Dow, Havana;
brig Mary Rmnvlton, Potter, Portau Prince; schs
Mary A Wirharn, Ke'ley, Greytown, Ntc; Paul Sea
vev. Lowed, Demarara.
NORWICH—Ar 15th, sch Dan us Eddy, Hopkins,
Bangor.
NEW HAVEN—Ar 16tb, schs Kate Grant, Grant
Ellsworth; Hamburg. Westcott, Philadelphia; Ida
ho. Smith Eiiz ibethport.
PROVIDENCE—Sid 16th. schs Marv A Predmore.
Hart, and Tbos Hiz, Hall. New York, or Portland;
Bangor Jordan, do or Ellsworth.
PAW TUCKET-Sid 16th, sch Caroline Grant,
Haskell. New York, or Calais.
NEW BEDFORD-Ar 16th, sch Carroll, Libby, fm
Machine.
bOSl ON—rid 17th, barque Norton Stover, Sher
“■"“I *,v" uputioiunu, iuuiiuu, rum
dclphia.
Ar 18th, barque Nabob, Sba*swel1t Singapore; scbs
Laura Marion. Cliffbrd, North Haven President.
Robinson, and Globe, Herrtek, Bangor; Ariel. Hard
mg, Bangor: Black Swan, Cooper Camden; Lucy
.lane. Robinson. Rockland; Nile. Ol ver and Sassa
uoa. Weeks, Hath; Jas Nichols, Child, and Pema
quid, Fossett, Damariscotta Bramhall, Hamilton.
Portland
cld 18th, barque Ellen Stevens. How. tor Portland;
scbs Lyra, (Br) Holmes, do, to load tor Cornwallis;
M L Crockett, Crockett, Bangir; Sanaalphun Ayl
ward, Pembroke; Pulaski, Priest, Thomaston.
SALEM—Ar 16th, schs Ma<y, Hallowed, Eliza
betliport; Starlight, Robinson, Port Jounson, Juiia
E Gam age, Pitcher. Rondout.
GLOUCESTR—Ar 16th, sch Dolphin, Smith, from
Baltimore.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Sid tm Shangbae Aug 29. barque Kedron, Hewitt,
New York.
Passed Anjier Aug 18, barque Rocket, from Boston
tor Batavia.
Cld at Malaga 2d Inst, barque Speedwell. Patten,
New York. Jennie Cushman. Sma'ley, Bosron.
at at Gibraltar 36th ult, brig Alice S:arrett. Hoop
er, Lisbon
Sid tm Shields 30th ult, ship Gov Langdon, Davis,
Boston.
Sid tm Newport, E, 5th inst, barque Ida E, Doane,
f0Sld°im® “lace Bay 28th ult, brig Mary Olivia, Foster
N|u port^ith Inst, brig Mary Gibbs. Coggins, tor
At Port Caledonia, CB, 9th inst, seb S B Hume,
1>Aj'at'st0J^n!°^Bll*Uth inst, sobs Lillie, Leigh
ton New VorS; ism. M K Bliss, Thurber, Portland,
Pith T B Harris. Quinlan, do.
Cld l4tb brig CM He\nolds, Simonton, Havana
sets Juliet, Strout.Fayal; Irvine, MeLurreu, lor St
KCld at Lepreaua, NB. 7th inst, schs Sinaloa, Steele
and Magnet, Smith, New Vork.
SPOKEN.
Sept to, lat 40 14 ion 32 08, ship Dellthaven, trow
New Orleans tor Valencia
se. t 13. lat 45, Ion 28 20, ship Vermont, im Callao
lor Cowes.
sept 26, lat 48 23. ion 12 14, ahlp 0 B Haaeltlne tin
Liverpool tor Savannah.
Oct 9, lat 35 08, Rn 75 19, sch B F Waite, bound
South.
NEW A11VERTI8EME1TO
^PEOPLES
Insurance Co’y.,
OF
San Francisco, Cal.
o. F. MaoDeimot. P,es. H- Q. Horaer, Boo
Capital Stock, paid up, in Gold, $300,000
SurPllls-.- $300,000
Total Assets in Gold, $600,000
All securely invented in Bond and on
Real Estate, and in First Was# OoUa erala
Sti ckholders Individually Liable.
All losses promptly adjusted and paid at
.Atlantic Branch Office, 10 Pine St.,
NEW YORK.
We continue to issue Policies lor this s-iind and
reliable Company, as heretoiore at the n»out fuYom
ole rates.
IF. IK LITTLE CO.. Agents,
Office 40 1-2 Exchange St.
_0*19_
Coring Tharnton1*
INSURANCE AGFA CY,
To Policy Holders.
Recent reports induce us to advise
persons holding poticl s of the
Security Ins. Co. of New Yorft
Bi te Leather Ins. Vo. of Heston,
Providence H ashinylon Ins. Vo. of
Providence,
issued at our Agency to present
them fir cancellation and exchange.
II hatever proceeds may result
from cancelling said policies belong
to the assured, and whenever t eal
ixed will be paid.
We have, to a large extent, pro
tected the prop rty overed by these
policies by insurance in compnni s
which we believe to be strong and
safe, and now pledge our beat efforts
to our patrons.
LORIJNO IHC It TON,
Qftl9 It US Rael.ange Mt.aei.
REMO V A L, 1
MISSES STACKFOLE,
Have removed to
No. 4 Prospect Street,
Where they are prepared to execute all order* io»
Cloak and Dress Making.
Also. French Stamping and Embroidery, ot.19 lw
lo Let
DESIRABLE Upper Tenement, containing ?even
room?, Scbago water ana gas.
*I>ply 39 M-*tle st
octlfldlw
For Male.
A TWO Storv House containing 13 finished rooms,
besides UaDsa* d 1 is, Bri-s* 1 istern, a p .n
ty ol hard and soft wafer Drought into -he Hitch n.
pipe 1 lor Gas with the Ga» Fixtures, good Diaini,
Lor 4.1x110 ft, Situaied within 0 m nu e» walk ot tne
Post Office. Price low, lermslrterd
Inquire of .JOHN C. PROCTER,
ocil9 3w 93 LX*.bauge St.
Farm tor halo.
Pleasantly situite 1 odc third r| a
mile tr m Cuuibtrlmd Centre,
where may be fou d Congr^ga n.n
ad*t C. uicb, Gr^cly In tl u e, tore#
__ _ stores, Carriage and Blacksmith
Shops.
Maid Farm contains about sixty acres ot Ian 1,fifty,
five ot wb ch are clayey loam, suitable uvdel.nfo
•Hinge and pasturago Cu's abou :wentv-bVe 01
of hay. Has un orchard ot about eighty fruit tre«s,
forty ot'which are y uog. Bunding', a rw.i stary
houre w th ell, floisned throughout b&rniOxM tret
ueaiiy new, well fl lisheil with sellar mil saeiw.l!
wt.ered, with brook runniug though th« tbj past
ure, well of nice wattr utar the bouse, and t-isreros
n house and barn cellars. For iur*ber paiticniar*
iuquire on the premises of O. a. coLL*Na.
w42 7 w
Lodgini; Kuoms to let.
TWO Frout Hol ms on the .wood fl or without
board at 28 High st. ocil9«odtf
Lost!
A T Morrill’s Corner, Desrirg, a double eased
Silver Waltham VVatcb, without ch*in; ike
finder will be suitab y reward'd on leavi g it at the
residence ot E. B. FuKBES, Si even's Pitm«.
oclyddt*
Notice.
WILL the Gent’eman wbo received the set ot Jew
elry, consii in' ot Siveve bnt'ons, Siujs, dtc.,
*omet«o works since, retain tin s .me 10J.D.
PULLER’S Grocery Store and save further tr jubl«.
ocl8 2w
Wanted,
A SMART intellig nt young man to act as News
Agent on the tiain. Appiy at on e to C. R.
CHISHOLM cO„G. T. R. oc19 Bt
Hxcelient Business Opportaoity.
GROCERY and Provisiou Store tor sate; on a
leading i boron ah fare, well establish'd, revular
run ot good paying business: good S'ore. wuh w«ll
se ected stack. Sa i- factory reasons for -edis*.
oclOU3t TAYi.OK JO., 20 State st Boston.
First Class Boat dins' and Lodging
Mouse for Sale.
BEST location iu Bost n, iuil of good paying
i boarders and lodgeis, sp1»udiu n» i?bb< rboca,
and witl bear ih »rougb liives'ighii.m Term easy.
ocl9a3t TaYLOR A CO„ *0 State »t, Boston.
Confectionery. Fruit and Variety
e tore tor sase,
ON a principal street well fitted up, and dd g
g»od paying bu Ine***. Very n:ce store witti
small and cir-an stock. Moderate capital nqured.
Siekness r* ason for s.-IPng.
TA YLoR Si CO., 20 State st., Boston, Mass,
cci9d3t
Important to Trappers Hunter*.
I^HE undersigned has iwo va'uable reoedts for
scenting bad and attracting eurne uom 5oto 100
pan ui uo UDIifU
flfty ceDt»* Address CHAONCLX 3.
BKaNCH, Hant&TdJe, C.,nu. w42 3m
THIiiA-iN ^C l AM
Is a Pare Btarb fee with
the On en Tea flavor.
Warrantee to ^uii all tvgtes
For f*aie even where in our
“tiade mark*' found and halt
pounl packages oily, Aud tor
whoiceaU n*y by tb
G»r«* Ailrtniic <BL Pacific
TBA c O
8 Cburch-nt.. N. v P O bo* 5506
UP Send for Tb»a Nectar UU
OUl® _ oc 9<4s
A MON I H.—Horae and carriage
furnished: expences pild; -am
ple* nee. H B.SHAW, A fred
Me._acpJt 18
8 O’clochT
oc 2t8w
PSYCHOLOGIC Fascination or Soui Charming
400 pages by Herbert Hamilton B. A. How to
to use tbi- power vhich 4*1 poises* :u wilt. D-v ua
tion, Spiritualism, -orceiles, teuiono'o.y, and a
thousand other wonders. Price bv mail #1 2A, |n
cloth; paper covers $1 00 Copy t ee o agent* or»lv.
31 000 monthly easily mude. Address T. W. I vam.
Pub. 41 S 8th St., Philadelphia, Pa. ocltt4w
Book Agents
have long wanted a novelty lo the suhacrlptlon line
which will sell at eight in every tamiiy. The
PIOTOBIAL PalllLY REGISTER
is the only work extant which sa'isfles ihia w»„t. it
is beantiiul and sttikiug, combining ao e tire'v ew
and elegant Faml'y Photograph Album, w.thacom
kdete family History, irnll particulars ana circo
lar* t^ee. Address Ueo. Maclean. 3 School street.
Boston, Mats. ocl9$tw
A great chance for agent®
Do yo» waut a *uuaiion a« ug<»t /oca/ nr
travelling, with chance to make 9d >o 99#
P**r. day selling our new 7 «tr«Qd While
Hire Clothes Lines• They Latt for ver.
Sample tree, «o theie l« nodde. A dr. s* at
once HUDSON HlVKR WIKK WOB*S.
corner Water dt. and Maiden l<aue, N V.. or
arborusr.. Ihiraim. nclMw
Rifles, shot-guns, revolvers, onn im
terialt of every kitru. Wil e f.»r Price List, to
Great Western Gun'Works. Pit sbmgb, Pa. Army
guns and rerolveis bought or trantti ior. Agsbts
wanted. _oclUGw
AGES IS WANTED FOR
ROMANISM AS iriS.
This entirely new, an Chen tin Book, ot 75' pages
105 eng avmes, Is an rxbuus ive ami standard work,
eminently adapted to tlie times. It tadv no overs
the whole Romish system,exp. ses Its ba el s* pre en«
cea, Ita iramK »t» persecu-ion*. I»s g*o-s iuiii nr>il
tle«, Irs opposition to our pubic schools, c’vll and
religious liberty. B. R. Stniges, 91 Wasbiug'ou Bt,
Boston. oclfcjlw
I Apoles,
Butter.
J0»T RECEIVE I>
'100 Bbls Mich gun Apples.
100 lubs choice Vermont
Butter,
9ar Loa<*8 01 apples for Sale, to arriveor from store,
iu lota to suit.
J. 1. LIRBV.
_ocl9*3t
Every Umj, wtluilays Kiccpted.
COAT*. PAN S and VE“TS, Dvdaid Cleabstd
at FOSTER'S i<YE H illst. 24 UNION *T
nearly o|)p<ibite kaimouih Hotel; Ottn.e 9-5 ot-ngieav
street.
Dyed Garments warranted no* to smul ifurmenta
clean set i by tlie new steam pro ess have l*1© advau
ta#e ot no» shrinking and ad spots, gua Wmw
aial detects eniihely rumored. fcupil-B«wa»woeg
S