REFORM IN BROOE1.
The Manner in Which It is
To Be Attained.
Inspectors Before the Grand
Jury.
JUDGE GILBERT'S DECISION.
The Application for a Mandamus
Denied.
What District Attorney
Morris Nays.
AN INSPECTOR SURRENDERS HIMSELF.
Tho action of District Attorney S. D. Morris In
caoslng the arrest 01' the Inspectors of Klection, in
the dissncts where H whs alleged frauds had i>een
committed, was the occasion of considerable coin
meut In and abont the Brooklyn City Hall yester
day. some were uncharitable enough to attribute
the action of the Attorney to an effort to train a
popularity, and Ingratiate himself in the favor of
those who are makwir every exertion to Dnrify
the ballot box. The majority, however, assert that
be has only done his duty in the matter, and was
not ted to take this action irom any other motive
than that of bringing the guilty parties to Justice.
If through his insirmnetttaiHy ihe parties are con
victed and panisned be will, of course, rooeive the
tbaufcs of all right -minded men In the community.
JUUUK (IIIJIKKT'S DECISION.
The opinions in revar.l to the decision of Judge
Gilbert are varied, 'l'nose who are lamiliar with toe
law assert thni the J udKe could not nave deemed
otherwise, while the iriends ol the republican can
didates, who were anxious lo h.ive the returns
thrown out, say that it would have been proper and
Just on his part to have grained the inaudauius ap
plied for. It was generally conceded, however, that
the duty of the canvassers wan to canvass the votes,
and when they were in doubt as to die correctness
of the returns to either send them bacit or send for
the inspectors.
Judge tJilbei io Imbc a Mandamus
Acnlnat the l?o*rd ot County tnnvas^ra.
Judge Gilbert, ot tUc Supremo Court., yesterday
rendered his decision in tne matter of the implica
tion or counsel lor tl?o committee or Forty for a
mandamus directing the Hoard ol Canvassers to
reject and uotcnuut the returns Irom the First dis
trict ot tho Sixth ward and the Sixth district of
the Twelltli ward. His flonor rolused to issue the
mandamus. The iollowlu.* is his opinion:?
a- r? it, AiDli "f Clvmn ry SI. Frit Th' Woj"''' 1 nf
u Oitir i '>m". The conviction. whleb I e*pre.sed lo Mr.
Soortrlcb when this application we*
been changed by the ar.umenL I .till deem It M be rojr (.lain
ilutv to refuse ihe writ ol raaademua eeHed, for Uiereaeon
ID at the writ would coiuinaud tbe Miard of
acts which Uie law has not given them the power lo do
otb<kr words. 10 violate tlu.tr ollicial duty. ,?p
The powem and duties of the Boanlof ^J?8Cfph* gUl."
rived eiclu.lvely from Uie statute i on thl. eubj*cl ..".ni.
ale appears to me too plain to allow of any doubt. The dl?
Irlcl Inspectors are to canvaea tbe vote., and to Jell
??taal UaYements ol euob ca1,vn?. UuT^r l.fl. oihe
bupervl*' r? of the town* ..r ward*. Tho J*et?rte 1 iheiipro
?idea Uiat the fcjunenritorH, t?? whom tbe
menla of the canvas* of the voics in the t"?^?
ward! to which they respectively be on? tthall hare heen
lellvered. shall lorm the County Hoard of t ?anvaeser*.
Provision la made for the meeting of the Bow ^d
and then tbe requirement u as follows Ihe original state
menu in each disirtr.i ahall then I* produced, M'd from tbem
Ihe Board shall proceed to estimate the vote of tho county,
and ahall make ?nch atatamenU thereof as ibe nature of the
?lection ahall require such statement. shall 1 lV,en_lf.e *ii'
rered to an.l depoelted with the i onmy t ier*. They 'are
then required to mak? a ilateuitnt of the canvaaa aud deter
ml nation of the waS. Tb.ee are ministerial act*. J?o thing
la committed to the Judgment or diecreUon of Ihe Board.
Their dntv le arithmetical merely. They are to caat ap tho
rotca appearing upou tlie returns of the i>l.trlct Inspector,
ttSRSXJR before tbem. If the return* are irregu ar
Ueycannot correct them but are yequtredto Mretura tbem to
ihe innDectora for correction, and Ihe inspector* arc ?xPr?**
KaSuSSv M uy. jgy. ssvus'jrss
but aretotafce tho.- pr nluced '-.I ore^ *h^
them to the mapectore .or correction, aa
S'S' pw,hr StfttlMS; X&SflFS
poll, or ?rro.u.arltleaor^emj
l?rr^^e^artT<^<ag^l^?e^^to^ylh?l?^m^y^tJuxi''eh^Oio
Sons.* Ms/ where the ""^^^^.ie wron?, and
that wK 'mau.U
Inferior tribunal, ongbtw invenrnj j ,.eutUinf
urna, it la aulSehwit to .ay that U.e
to tide of a technical l ,h g(ll4r,i <,r tanfeesers
Court hae no author ty to inj?? u. allir? has
with power or dutiee wmc i iue poWHr,
Wlthhrli r""ferred upon them. Our duly U
or '.uU?* actually urn. r? h nmke tt n,e iir. por
to admlnliter the lew. t||fl ,H.rp<,irator. of Ihe
I nppmprlala action, wherein the
t?ud? eilngeit, ana in i m to determine
Kxtiea murcalcd on hot a.aea cau |h(|U||i he
e right to the ollce to gnmmaniy .leurlve the ln*ti
gla.l to haveUnmP frau.n ol the iruiia of their
fetor. Md ^r,rtw?ora i?ev th ,|lconv,nl.
r""1' .Xll .le.a attend! nK the ueiial reme.|.c. than to teeic re
!nce ^hrnouh the elterclie of .loubtail and naniproiw pow
dreu through the ran be .miendrd bo
era. ho uount i" ,lei:ree the purily ami
a* to secure In bU er ,161.? lt?, F 0u hi lo
l^Tl"done,ty biH? a ret* solely with the I.e?nlat..re
Whether these object* 'hall he accomplished or not Ihe
00rai"h"vdthe B^wd'or'Sli'v^s1' 'Sr'any^ '""^"lo'wjw-.j
ft' 'Trfe.riYr^n.m'th; 'ran ..or crones of district
thanl. hkely to prnj era n of re,{Vlki?
napector*. A.lm l l I return* to be re
l^cr,?r aliere llow Is the inquiry lo he con
!T"\ ,v In what m inner are tie parti. intereale i
dueled T I" *na\ reflection upon the an
'"ln l? rl?J to 'three questions will show the
power! ui* telni'tath.n to the^huse -.1 e-H hj
t u n?ce'r>r i he 'ap prch en ion Vlto" b!v a,?, tha't
In ti me the pow r might beromu subvers ve ol tne r ;hte of
Mi tun* an .1 la^al t" 'he MlfTnge ol the pe-p'e un.rsa iho
hae^shonh" t.rovi le a.leiilal.- s. eK.iartt- a. alnsl the ahuse.
Kiir these reason*. II 'he anlhorl v to re ,ulre the Hoerd of
Can issers *o overhaul the returns In this rase were doubt,
ful. I .hoiil.l not I** e tlila wi lt. But 1 1 am certain that they
possess no such power. It is therelore oe.n
Itonrii r?iii?t* efviis^rri.
The Heard or Supervisors, mttuiji as a Hoard or
County canvassers, met yesterday arternoon at one
o'clock. As upon all previous occasions tnere was
a lull attendance oi Ihe Hoard. The Comniltteo or
iFlve rrom the Acaiieiny Coiuinlticij out In an ap
pearance shortly atu-r tlie session opened ana re
mained to the close, without, However, di?covcring
anything in the way or traud or c-onnlvance. Mr.
Whiting, the secretary of Uie Academy Committee,
was also present during the greater portion of the
Hiernoou, out reiuaed to givo anvthlng in the way
oi iniormaiion renaruiim nw coiuuilttee's move
ments, either present or prospecilve, to tho
.reporters, several of whom mude desperate at
tempts io "interview" huu. As ror the Hoard, it
was jubilant in the extreme over the failure of tho
?Comuntiee of Forty "and upwards'' to Kt-'t it mau
damxis trom Judue liiioert reHiraiiuug iIiliii .tut
JU) mli Imuii canvassiug ihe Hrst .usirict oi tlie
STxth ward. and the Sixth district oi the iwemu
hr minutes ??t the previous meeting having been
.....1 iilot.ted. the lloaitl piooeeded to canvas
tlw? Waeenlli ward returns, ihe imssi i? reiuins
irm.ii toe I- list district oi me i tun teentn ward bave
n.it an .et mrnetl up. notuas any oue nceii ahi" to
Sua any explauaiiuii oi wiiai Ucca ne
2r thorn. The district is .ironnly aeai
Hr?ifr and as a natural con-euueuce the
various democratic candidaies whose eiection is
i nv it are In a stale ol uo lutousideiahie
anoeici ii rvoiiblicau ciann thai the disi-ict
nauet Se tbrowu ?>ut, winch, however, will scarcely
E' doVa- tii 'lemtK-rat- ?lio?e.i 'he iTir-"f..ii.s
KS? tut "seve utl|U ward "he 'r^.M wlach
were His L and now they claim tho right to do tne
WU?ruJ?ieUS.iuinl'vwierday tne Board canvas-cd
V he n'u^r/iH iron, lliree w.mU Uie l
5k xtiMMith ami 'he >eve.uee?tli, a m whieu we t
ftn md i.o tie, trcnerally f
of any in?erf>t whatever trans, ir.. -a in eon
ueatio" with the meetlug unlit jus^ a
Lw nilnuU's beiore they adjournrd, ?u
rot m us fiom the KithU Second, 1 Im i I ourth, si.si i
and i eveiun iiistricts oi tne noUirious M.vtli ward
w,.ro hauded iu lor adoption, tlie clerical tri or#
winch they bore having been corrected. MUMi.ig
out thos e oi the First uistricl. in wuicli it will ou te
tneiiiber\ 'd the .vai uames w err entered beiore t ie
Dolls ouoi 'ed, the chairiuan, Mr. Mdiwell. he
wished u* e?1' l"e .vea* an.l nars on lis adoption.
This creata considerable commouoo aoioDg eouie of
the lloard. which, however, soon nu.<M l?M, and the
-inrw Derail ,c*Hiug the name*, hua or two of the
Mnrwivisor* x Ho voted "no" rose i<i explain their
?mea Hiatinit wl"1" tl"'' ,I|J ?ot consider that
the V had UHV r.i tit to no naek oi the re;ui ns of a
rtiatriot under s^dlnary circuiuttanoas yet ihe?
eoiiid not Vole 101 u,e adoption ot it return which
nnfiii ii* la(\,! !,ucn unnilftakable proui" of
^Iml as d oes t his ov e Notwiitrntandlug th.s, now
over Hie returns we/0 adopted, by a vole or id to
?i ihfl lollowlng v'entleiueu voiln* "yea":
neicher Hoi. t"is. Marlenee, Scnenck,
vSiaon Koiii.?yer, Keating, Newman,
SUweiL Sheridan 'and WU,"P?iV, and tuo roilowimi
voting ?n??:? John?on. Milne, Co?, Wilkinson,
Wills, Fairchlld, llarmoa, Searing, Hall, btUlwell
and Ryder.
Tills district having been disposed of the remain
mar ones met with no opposition, and were there
fore adopted, after which the board adjourned
until to-morrow at one o'clock.
What the Diatiict Attorney Propose* to Do.
District Attorner Morris said:? I intend to prose
cute the violators of the Election law to the fullest
extent, and the penalties for the offences charged
are one year's imprisonment and a fine of 1600.
The only arrests which have yet been made are
those which 1 have caused to be made are those
of the inspectors who acted In the First
district of the 8lxtn ward, and these are
now under bonds to appear before the
Grand Jury. I propose to tiring their cose before
the Crand Jury ut once. 1 believe our republican
friends will have the nevt turn, l propose to arrest
iorthwith republican inspectors in two other dis
tricts. I itiieud to procure warrants lor the arrest
or inspectors and poll c.erks in one district where
all of them are republicans and lu one Instance
where a democratic inspector was torcibly and
fraudulently prevented irom exercising Ills duty,
one of the results ol the investigation I am making
is this:? One district in which ti:e republican vote
and majority have increased enormously over last
year excited my suspicion. 1 have men employed
lu trying to locate those wiiose names and
address are on the poll nst. Outoi slity-icur names
selected one-hall oi the supposed voters who
gave them are not to oc found at the residences
tliey are said to have given, l mean to conduct this
investigation Impartially, an I don't care who Is
hurt. It I have turned my attention to republican
districts, now that I have provided lor punishing a
taring democratic fraud, It Is because 1 expect to
e helped 'argeiy by Mr. Traoy'B committee in hunt
ing up democratic frauds.
co-opkkation fkom tub citizens' committee.
in regard to the co-operation of Jar. Davis, one of
the prosecuting committee of the Citizens' Reform
Association, Mr Morris says:? My purpose In asking
for Mr. Davis1 co-operation does not seem to be luliy
understood. Mr, Davis is on a committee ap
pointed by citizens to investigate election frauds.
It Das been at work for several days. J assume
It has collected evidence of fraud. I want an
associate who can use tnat evidence in connection
with myself. While I shall gladly avail myself of
Mr. Davis' assistance as a lawyer, what 1 desire is
not so much legal help as Mr. Davis' knowledge of
the evidence Ins committee may have collected. 1
deem invself to lie fully competent to prosecute any
caso which mar fall to the District Attorney. 1
have never called In assistance even m capital
cases, when the best criminal lawyers of New York,
were against mc. I believe the public arc satisfied
with tne way their business in this regard was con
ducted. Mr. Davis is an able lawyer and lias the
confidence of the Citizens' committee. 1 look to
him to help me to prosecute any frauds that com
mittee may hove discovered.
GItlMK IN BKOOKI.Y5T.
I may add, I am now closing a service of nine
years in this oltlcet 1 have held the otllce longer
than any of my predecessors; 1 believe there is no
city In the Union, of half tne size oi Brooklyn, as
free from crime to-day as Brooklyn is. When 1
came into otllce three-fourths ol the cr minals of
the higher grade came over here from New korfc iu
pursuit ol their nefarious business. I nave made
Brooklyn a dangerous ground lor this class, and
now we have rarely a New York criminal in our
clutches, f have the gratification of knowing
from leading criminal lawyers of New York, that
Brooklyn is especially dreaded by the criminal
classes of that city. My brotners at the bar tluniv I
have been remorseless and relentless in pressing lor
punishment on those whom I have had reason to be
lieve were burglars or assassins- 1 may have been,
but 1 meant right. Property and liie in Brooklyn
are tne safer for it, although boin are guarded by a
very moderate police lorce.
Regarding iirooklvn's iinanclal afTulrs Mr. Morris
says:? 1 ueiieve the financial aiiuirs oi the city? us
debt, <vc.? will bo found, after tho lullest investiga
tion, to bens represented. Mr. Tracy and his as
sociates knew it. lie has admitted as much, and
the investigation Is not pushed lorward because no
ad vantage to the republican party is expected to
come from it. Mr. Tracy hardly disguises his
opinion on this point. After all that lias been
charged, with the view oi helping the republican
party, it would never do if nothing conld be lound
out.
The Row in tlie I ifth Wan I.
The row at one of ttie polls In the Fifth ward, be
tween district engineer Thomas Shevlin and John
Devlin, has not a* yet been settled. Yesterday the
case was belore Justice Riley, Devlin having caused
the arrest of Mievun on a charge of assaulting lilui
while attempting to deposit his ballots. From
what several witnesses say the assault is
purely Imaginary on the part of Devlin
that no blows were struck, nor was he molested.
The investigation of the case Has been adjourned
until Monday.
AN 1NSPRCTOR SrRKP.NDRllS.
Michael Weldon, one cf the inspectors in the First
district of the sixth ward, bearlug that a warrant
han been issued lor his arrest, appeared before Jud^o
Walsh yesterdav and surrendered himseir. The
Judge admitted htm to nail in the sum of $2,50) to
await the actiou of the Grand Jury.
The nminillfc ol Seventy -Five.
The followlug is a list of membership of the Com
mittee of Seventy- dvc:? A. A. Low, .s. u. Chitten
den. U. B. Claflln, John W. Hunter, S. L. 11 us ted,
Thomas Carroll, Franklin Woodruff, William Mar
snail, Henry c. Bowen, George Kinkel, a. C. Davis,
Wiihelm Kuthuif, Frederick Stein, John R. J. Jur
geus, Frederick Eugers, Augustus snow, Jolin T.
Martin. Edmund Driggs, s. H. Dutchcr, F. A.
Schroeder, Leorge U Fox, George W. benson, C.
Perry, Lonn i'aiiuer, it. F. Trac.v, W. W. Goodrich,
It. M. Whiting, Jr.. James Escnwcge, B. J. Whit
lock, H. W. Potter, Samuel McLean, R. Cornell
Wnue, George II. Roberta, a. D. whcelocK,
11. G. Rce\e. Robert Johnstone, A. R. Dill ley,
Jones Jourdan, James Murphy, Andrew Cun
ningham, A. W. Ueuson, C. It. Marvin, Deuias
Karnes R* P? Ruck, John P. Ro:fe, George U Nichols,
Henry R. Jones, Andrew Fitzgerald, n. l>. I'oilie
iii us. llenrv >v. Sloc.um, A. j. Orinsbee, Daniel
chauncev, Charles l^owery. B. S. Sandford. Jr.. Har
vey Karri ugt on, Abrain Lott, lloury Sanger. L. V.
i). HanMaburg, Herman B. Hoop, James B. Hod
skin, bud wig Seuiler, Henry Evening, A. M. White,
John llalsey, Marvin Cross William Richardson,
Lndovlc Rennet, A. J. Perrv.
in admitting gentlemen to membership the com
mUtee proceeds wisely. Partisan motives are totaliv
lost sight oi. Only men of character ami known
ability are su tiered to he placed on the roll. The
names ol candidates are tirst presented to the colu
mn tee in open session, on motion tn 'y arc relerred
to the Executive Committee. It is the duty ol this
body to caretull.v investigate and Inquire into the
fitness of auoh candidates.
MADISON AVENUE PAltfi.
Krw York, Nov. 18, 1871.
To TtiR EnrroR or tub Hkrai.d:?
Dear Sir? Permit a reader of your paper to call
the attention of t.he Park Commissioners to a serious
uulsance they are creating in the Madisou Avenuo
Park by locating a wator closet on the eastern side,
In one the most conspicuous places upon said
park. Let ttie Commissioners imagine such a place
oi reso.t placed just across the street in trotu of
either of their dwelling houses, where their ladles
cannot look out of their Trout windows at any tune
of day without the intolerable nuisance of see
ing crowds of loafers passing in and out
of such a conspicuous place, and not (infrequently
exhibiting great obscenity, would it not oe a serious
o ire nee against decency r we had no necessity tor
such a nuisance beiore these late expensive trans
formations were made, and, indeed, now, n deemed
necessary, wliy not place ttiein in the Interior,
wnere less o lie nee would be uiven The residents
or Madron- avenue respectfully request of the Com
missioners or Parks not to suoiect them to so
offensive a nuisance as the one here complained or.
A RESIDENT BV REQUEST.
FI'SWS FOR (HE FIRE FlfTITIS.
The loll owing additional sums have been received
at this oitlce since last report:?
FOR CIIIOAOO.
t*liiirl>? Fluhcr. lVudack'* theatre J.f, no
K. T., lor it ilaie buy 3 mi
Total for Chicago, with preMnui *mount* uO
(OH (oliKsr KIKK F0N1).
Robert tiiuhr o 00
A lnw K.'ii
An Artisan,...
S. L. M
I INI
ft <M
Total ml?ce!ianeou?
$oti to
net rtbuted by Central I'nrlc nrpent ei
K. It Trea.lwell $3 R. McDonald $1
f. t. nan 2 p wool
J. Kiicu 2 M. Leonard .....J 1
1). A. Miller 2 Vail Ill-null toil I
I.lu Itoonnin 2 W. Bro :erlc< l
Ch. I'lper 'J K. W'elMB.... I
S .Many 2 .1. S.-Mljj... 1
TU. Keele 2 L. K?an
to. Moors 1 P. B re n nun 1
II. Size. 1 J. I'ltmnnii-i 1
M. flelany J l?- toaimlielj 1
J. Me ulre 1 ?n V.iiltrniiurRh 1
A. ilrace 1 J. Van Camp 1
P. (.Arret* 1 A. MelFillo 1
K. Zli tie.- 1 Pendleton I
3. Laa?.ih 1 N. Andrew* 1
Total 41
Total fori'nt lire fund, with prertom amount* $4.?W
1 ills money wits collected oy the carpenters em
ploved in Ceiitr.u I'arK lor ttie aurteiers by Ore in
Michigan and Wtscousln.
KILLED AND NEARLY CUT IN TWO.
Karlj yesterday morning John Reck, a trake
man attached to tram No. so of the Central Railroad
oi NdkW Jersey, met a frightrni death at Clan niotit,
near Pi'lxabetn. While on tint v he fell ofl hts car
between it and another, the who.e p issing over his
body ut arly severing It id two. The untortunate
tu iti 'wa* picked up and Strang to sav, lived until
he reached l- ll/abetii. Here he die I about bail
pasi seven ^'cio? k. Coroner tilbbs made an idvesti
gallon but doemed an inquest unnecessary. The
remains were loseq-ienuy removed to Pluiiipsbing,
where deccasect dwelt. He leaves a wife and one
child.
MUNICIPAL MANIPULATION.
What is Being Done with the
Pnblio Offices.
A Republican and Demo
cratic Contest.
TO THE VICTORS BELONG THE SPOILS.
Mr. Gerard Succeeds Mr. Bell in the
Board of Education.
A Flank Movement at the Department
of Pnblio Works.
SENATOR O'BRIEN ACTING AS UMPIRE
Meeting of the Board of Can
vassers Yesterday.
There was rattier more excitement yesterday than
there has been for the last few days around the
City Hall, caused by the currency of two reports?
oue relating to the solvency of certain "King" sav
ings banks, and tho other as 10 several alleged im
portant new appointments Vy the Mayor. The re*
port in reference to the savings banks is fully dls
enssed in another column. Great anxiety was
manifested to know whether there was any truth m
the rumor that the Mayor had handed over to the
Deputy Comptroller the nomination of gentlemen
to fill the vacant chairs at several or the publlo
boards. It was clear, amid much that
was somewhat mysterious, that arrangements
were being entered into as to the appoint
ment of ttie successors of Messrs. Hilton, Sweeny
and Hell. The Department of Public Works, pre
sided over by Mr. Tweed, is still nominally held by
that gentleman. It is alleged by Mr. Tweed's
friends that Ills only motive In retaining tho charge
of this department is that he may keep in employ
ment a larue nnmber of the employes, who are de
pending upon tins source for their daily bread.
There are those, however, and these persons seem
to be well informed, who state that Mr. Tweed's
motives for not permitting the Mayor
to make ills resignation public are di
verse. They state that, primarily, Mr. Tweed
desires to resign at the same time as the Mayor re
signs: but failing to bring tills about, his next elTort
is to obtain the nomination of his successor. He is
constrained to this by, it is said, Mr. Senator
O'Brien, between whom and himself there exists a
political friendship, li not a pecuniary tie, that binds.
Mr. O'Brien Is desirous of obtaining the Department
or Public Works, if not for himself, then for the
brother of his friend, judge Blxby; and it is known
that if i hat could be accomplished Mr. Tweed would
autnome the Major to make public tho let rjr,
which the latter would only bo too glad
to publish. The republican section of the
Committee or Seventy laun Mr. Tweed's and other
valuable positions lor their party. They alleixe tnat
tlie election shows a republican triumph, and that
to the victors belonar the spoils. At present it Is a
very pretty quarrel, with Messrs. TiUlen, Have
meyer, 3iebblu<. ttendorier and Seymour on the
one side, and the republicans on the other, with
Senator n'Brien standing alone In his giorv watch
ing the light. Complications arising rrom this qtiur
rel will develop themselves day by day. and it is not
unlikelv that much '?r the usefulness or the rorn
mlttec of Seventy will be greatly a tree ted thereby.
The Mayor attended a private meeting on public
business yesterday morning, and in the alternoon
the following letter was given out for publication
for the evening uapers:?
Matoh's Owe*. Nor. 1871.
JANKS w. Wiharii. Esq.:?
Dkab Sis? Tn?re I* a vacantly In the office of Commta
mUaiom-r id the Department of I utiltc Instruction caused hy
tlie voluntary retirement of a cent'emau who by the dis
charge of In* untie* ha* in an eminent ?lecn-e won ihe appro
ballon of our leliow citizen*, tlie c nlidt-nce ol his associate!
and the respect of all teacher* and pupils In the public
schools.
A meaner of such a character will be best filled by your
acci'pt.iiK'e of the trust. Tout' name ha* long bt-en a nouse
hol i wotd in tlila cllv whenever ami wherever the subject of
public education h is linen allu led to.
I t nclose ihe appointment, and iu behalf of my constitu
ents request lu acceptance.
Very truly, your obedient servant,
A. O iKI Y HALL, Ma?>r, Ac.
Mr. Gerard, of Gerard medal fame, is too well
known ox a Irteud or education to tender it other
wise than a universal h<>i e that this appointment
will lie en lorsed by Mr. Gerard's acceptaiuo.
The Mavor. it Is stated, nad a conierence with
Deputy Comptroller Green yesterday, and the result
of thai conference will be the appointment of Messrs.
Henry G. Stebbins. Edwards Pierrepont and Horace
Greeley to the Park Commission, consc uent on the
resignation ot Messrs, Hilton, Sweeny and Fields.
*i b?* Coiiniy I nnTiiMcn.
Tho Committee on Protests of the Board of County
Canvassers met again at eleven o'cleofc vesterday.
Alilermau Plunkltt in tiie etiair. Tlio Kllian-Frcar
case was first taken up. Mr. Plunkltt said that in
order to complete the canvass within tlio ten days
allowed t?y law no witnesses could be examined.
There would be a largo number of wltnosses exam
ined, and tlio Board Had dcclded tint counsel mint
Milium affidavits, so tliat the canvass might bo
completed within the ten days widen the law re
quired.
Mr. Lapaugh, counsel for Kilian, wanted to have
witnesses examined; lie believed aitldavits were
being made to defeat the ends of justice.
Mr. Waterbury, counsel for Frear, said the can
vassers must canvass the returns as sent in to this
Board.
Mr. Lapamth insisted that the committee should
take evidence by witnesses and not by affidavits.
There would not be many witnesses introduced upon
bis part lor his client; the other side might have
manv. He recited the case of Twoinbly vs. Carey,
last year, whore witnesses were introduced and
their evidence allowed to be Riven before the Com
muiee on irotests of mat Board of Canvassers.
Mr. W aierhury still maintained the ground as
originaii.v taken ny him. The Board of Canvassers
must c i nvaa* the returns as received bv them: to
allow the iiitioduction oi witnesses it might require
ten in nibs, instead ol ten days, as the law required,
to complete tne canvass.
Auer some further argument by counsel affida
vits were road bv Mr. William Doyle, James L. Mar
tin and Michael M. t.'onwn.v, to ihn Afreet that ilier
were iho inspectors of election In the Kirsi district
of tne Twentieth ward; that there were wo reuis
tered voters in said district; that <ks persons voted
In said disiricr: that the return-' signed by the de
ponents and returned to till-' Hoard 01 Canvassers
are correct; that the reason why 4:>8 names do not
appcitroii ihc poll lists is because no poll cierks
were present at the opening ol the polls;
that the keeping ol a poll list was not tor
that reason commenced iinid the election had
l.aruaiiy progressed; ui.it until said list was com
menced the names ol the persons voting were
checke i on tile regictry; that It can be proved that
tin number of persons above stated did vote in said
diMilct. that .Mr. Loewentlial, one of iin> poll clerks
In sui i district, wtio is said to have made an affl*
oa vii in relation to sum election, di<l not arrive at
the polls uiitil a.'lerji welve o'clock on me day of said
election.
The committee then decWe-J to close the ca.se.
The \VI*(MT?Hnbln?nii Caw.
This case was continued yesterday before the Com*
mittee on Protests, ami affidavits were put In by
both Mr. \Vi>ser and Mr. ltoblnson, and Mr. Mitchell,
lor ihe contestant Wisser, asked that the returns for
Assistant Alderman in the re nth, Thirteenth and
iSevt'iiu enth districts be thrown o:.t.
1 no Committee then closed tue case.
Tbe Coiitmiitrc on I'mimIii.
At three o'clock tlio Committee on Protests met
and took un the protest of William McMahou against
John j. lilair lor member or Assembly for tno
Fourth district, the protestantl alleging that re
pealing and ballot stnffilng were allowed In sev
eral districts, counsel on both sides then submitted
the ca.se upon affidavits presented, and the criair
man declared the caso closed and that me commit
tee would render tlieir report at ail eaxly daj.
The (<rnnd Jury find liny or Hull.
Nkw YoKk, Nov. is, 1S71.
To TriB Editor op the Mrbald:?
The portion of the testimony taken by tlio Into
Grand Jury In the caso vs. Mayor Hall, which I' pub
lished in the New York Tribune of this A.M., was not
only not obtained from me, bnt Its publication isli
opposition to mv written protest, addressed to .ue
editors of tbaf paper aud delivered by me in persni
Kea;eetrullv. OliAlll.KS 11. HASVVhU
Mr. n art! y is chairman of the committee, and
not J it' Wsjwell, a* iumii by me mtntne.
m BANKS BIMINti.
Tammany Bantlings Dying for
Lack of Municipal Pap.
The Guardian, the Bowling Green and
the National Savings .Banks "Gone
Where the Woodbine Twineth."
Which Shall G> Next {-Comptroller
Green's Checkmate Moves? Loose
Way of Hanking.
The crash in Tammany bank stocks, which Is
fatly reported below in this mormon's Uekai.d, will
doc, o! course, surprise any one wlto has watched
the man i'uvrea or the Ring tor the last row years.
One interest alter another has been surrounded and
captured by Mr. Tweed and his associates, until tlte
aggregate was round to be too great to be bandied
exclusively by three or four men who acted as tno
Great Moguls. It would, of course, attract attention
if those men should take money belonging to minors
and orphans out 01 the Public Administrator's hands,
and gamble and speculate with it; but it might be
done easily, by tlrst getting It Into savings banks
managed by themselves. TUe old establisQed sav
ings banks or the city could not be relied on to ac
commodate tho lUng very readily. New ones were
established with a rapidity and a recklessness
which might liavo created doubts of their stability
in the minds oi honest men.
By a careful reading ot the statements which we
print tbis morning it will be seen how nicely the
thing was fixed to go round the King. Mr. Wil
liam M. Tweed, for instance, is the reputed Presi
dent of the (iuardian Savings Bank, and Is a di
rector tn the Bowling tireen and in the National,
wnich have burst. The National is, however, re?
ported to be solvent and ready to continue business
to-morrow. Mr. Ely, tho reputed secretary of the
Guardian, has not held that oillce except in name
for two years past, and, as ne informed our reporter
yesterday, Walter Roche and Mr. Doughty havo
managed the concern. Then, again, "Hank" Smith
Is President of the Bowling Green Savings Bank,
and Mr. Tweed, Walter Roche and their associates
are directors. Reeves E. Selmes, who has
done the pious for the defunct Board of Super
visors and the Ring masters, is the Secretary. HanK
Smith is at the same time Vice-President oi the Na
tional, as Walter Roche is of the Howling Green
bank. Mr. McBrlde Davidson, tho President of tho
National, is the same who has supplied tho city with
cheap safes, ami Tweed and the Ring men are its
directors. 01 course some unwary depositors, and
some through personal friendship, perhaps havo de
posited money in those lcstltutious, but it Is evident
now, when the crash has come upon them, that they
depeuded very largely upon municipal support,
which being withdrawn, they aro unable longer to
exist. II tnelr fall shall mako other banks ami
other depositors more careful the effect will be salu
tary upon the community.
The Yorkvilie Savings Bank, controlled by Henry
W. Genet, was reported to be in a languishing
condition also, but arter careiul lnnulry by our re
porter the ofllcets of that institution declare It per
fectly sound and ready to pay off every dollar duo.
They repudiate any connection of tho Rlug with
their bank.
In yesterdav's Herald some account was given
of the '-run" tn
TlIE GUARDIAN SAVINGS BANK,
1C4 Chatham street, of which William M. Tweed la
President and William L. Ely, Secretary. This
institution was not originally designed, of course, to
I "guard" the savings ot anybody, but rather to cover
up Illegal transactions <g the ??Ring'' who owned
and worked it. It was cloned yesterday altogether
voluntarily and legally by an order irom Judge Bar
uard appointing Mr. Jeremiah Quintan receiver. A
couple of policemen stood guard over the Guardian,
and whenever an unfortunate one appeared he or
sne was quietly Informed that the money had given
out, but It would be all right d y and by. The hank
officers Kept shy of tne place and of the people, and
Mr. yulnlan eould not be found. No one was willing
to talk aDout the prospects of creditors getting oven
ten cents on the dollar. It Is asserted that the bank
lias ample securities, and that ir time Is allowed so
that those securities can be convorted into money It
will meet all its liabilities, do iar for dollar, but lu
t?e meantime it Insists on the sixty days' notice
which the law and tho rules or .he bank allow It
to demand of depositors. I'.ut of course, as the doors
arc closed, even this formality caunot be availed of
by depositors, who must pay their grocers' bills with
such promises as the guardians of their money may
offer.
as near as could be ascertained, the immediate
cause of the difficulty was the mi ld -n demand lor
large deposits and the inability of the bank to meet
thiau.
A RECEIVER APPOINTED.
On Wednesday, it Is said, a depositor named
James tiili presented a claim lor a deposit aiuouut
nii! to $6*, ooo, which was not honored. He pro
ceeded to the .-supreme Court and from J udge Bar
nard secured an order appointing Jeremiah Qulnlan,
of 10 Water street, receiver. 1 he same ua.v tne
Comptroller oi mecity i-surd his warrant lor the
removal oi about ?ixty thousand dollars, deposited
b.v 1'uU.ic Administrator A. J. Rogers lor tne heirs
oi deceased persons, iroin tnis bank to the Union
Trust company. Tne warrant was not honored and
the check was returned.
It is well known that Owen Brennan, Walter
Roche and lugeraoll the corporation chairmaker,
are directors, aud ex- Alderman WiiiUin U b y tho
ostensible secretary, ftie connection ot these gen
tlemen with the institution is tu the eyes ot mauy
KNOUGIl TO DAMN IT,
and It Is said that this led to Mr. Green's action.
Yesterday a reporter sought for some or tho
officials and tne receiver to get some iniormatton as
lo Its financial affairs. The front ol Hie bank be
traved no signs ol occupancy, lu the rear were
found doors bespattered witn Five Points tilth and
presenting tne appearance of not having been
opened in a oeutury. The windows were
?ecu red with corrugated Iron shutters, .several
vigorous knocks brought out two fla-iilly dressed
clerks, who, on the reporter Mating Ins business, re
fused to give anv particulars, aud referred hiui to
the Secretary, Mr. Ely. Alter more man an hour's
search lor hint he was finally ouinl locaied in the
oillce of the heal Estate and Trust Company, comer
oi Broadway and TUomas street. On Hie war
thither the reporter dropped in to see Mr. iVm. vi.
Tweed, who stated tu.it he Knew nothing ol the
affairs of uic concern, as lie was not an active par
tuipaut In Its administration; that his name and
Air, Ely's had been asked as officers
to give It a popularity. Ely at U.-t
being louud, admitted that lie was sesretary, bat
professed to know nothing about the hank's affairs,
lie staled iliai Hie lale Victor M. Kice aud himseif
were m it at ns organ I /.anon in l?ns as 1 "resident
and Secretary respectively; mat a few vears later,
when he (Ely) had oilier duties Of an urgent charac
ter to utteud to, one William H. isouglity, hy a re
oiutioti ol ihe Hoard, was appointed Treasurer,
wuii power to sign cheeks, and ever since ho
(Uoughty i had been becxtt&ry lie jwo. He and
Walter Koclie had run the concern together. Mr.
Ely declared that Mr. Tweed had nuiniuir to do wiut
the iiiiftiagcineut other man to deposit in t'le hank
himself, aud 10 mne his friends, poor and rich, to
do so. and he had even unred his own aervauts to
deposit in It. I lo believed the hank to ho
IS A rERl'KCrLY MM. VENT CONDITION,
from representations m ado to him hy Doughty, lfo
?aid h' had no donot mat me hank had u very
large special deposi t account, so mat balances le;t
oi it were suilicieut to pay ail Uraits either on mo
special or bit in s banks deposit, and unless mo
inorignges on which loans had been made wero
fraudulent it was Impossible lor iho bauk to go uu
der. lie also stated that at ten in the morning no
had called at tne bank, oi wh.cn lie was secretary,
and could noi get in, notwithstanding he wanted io
inquire into Its couJitton.
The reporter led Mr. Kly to his own bank, and
taking lum aroutid to the rear in Worm street,
pointed to the iron shutters, witn the remark:?
"KNOCK AN l> IT WILL BE OPENED."
Mr. Kly knocked, the shutter weni up, a sign was
made to go to the lront door. Here the secretary
entered, remarking to the reporter, "Wait until I
Come out; ir there is anything I will give it to you."
Alter an absence ol Uftesn minutes no came out,
said there was no one within but the receiver aud
Clerks; mat they would notgive a statement oi assets
aud liabilities, and would not know mo conoltiou ot
affairs until after nine o'clock P. M. If tnen
moved off up Chatham street in search of his proxy,
Doughty, and tne public are ieit in ignorance oi iho
affairs oi the concern, which, 11 soivcnt, does not
justify so much secrecy.
Kiv is now connected with tho Real Estate Trust
Company, an institution that secured a charter lust
year wiili such extraordinary powers that it at
tracted attention from those legislators, who
suspected it to t<e a fishy concern and mere are some
who hint that tne ciuardian savings iiank audit
are somewhat mixed up together, and thai some of
the funds ol depositors may have been loosely In
vested through this Trust concern.
Mr. Ely expressed the beliei that the officials of
tho bank could in fifteen minutes
AKKIVK AT ITS TRUE OONDlTtOV
and satisfy uie pub.ic, but as two days have passed
and ihey have pot ii *a i* canse tor arave
suspicions that all la not Bqnare at 1P4 Chatham
street. I
The Dank wad incorporated in lsftx. The amount I
or as eis is said to bo #1100,0 w, bin tho deposit* are j
not known. The otflcial report tnade to the Bank
lepartnieni ol the .Slate on the 1st of January, 1*70,
gives the total resources, $lli,<i5fl; due depositor*,
Ill'i.iM; excess over liabilities, $1,4.4: number or
open account*. 32R. From this it win be seen that
the mar/ln of assets over llamlitles is very small, or
w?u at last report, and may be still worn now.
The depositors yesterday were verv bluer against
the King directors, and especially Walter Itoche, who
has. it is rumored, assigned his prouerty to the
receiver to protect the Foundling fu tutor the hlsters
or Charity and a lew special favorites
whom ho ha<l Induced to deposit in
toe institution. On Thursday 0110 of the de
positors placed several hundred dollars in the
bank, otners called to draw cash 011 checks pai l
them for goods received. One tradesman had re
ceived a check rroin a prominent politician and
hud olio rod it lor deposit in tils own bank, but the
cueck was there reiused cn toe ground tnat
I'll K (JITAItlMAN HANK IIAI> NO STANDING
In the "Clearing House." He had. therefore, called
a'. Chatham square to draw the cash, but louud itic
ftauk dosed.
.vevcrai similar cases also occurred during the
forenoon, but these persons, although enraged and
annoyed, o tiered uo disturbance of the peace. Hut,
MS if in anticipation or such a disturhanbe, a force
ol police was Kent in reserve at tuo Sixth Precinct
Police station, and several oillceis in plain clollios
hung around tuc vicinity to bo ready for any such
cvonr.
About, eleven o'clock Louis Ingersoll and several
others ol the directors drove up to the bank lu their
carriages, and, after making themselves known,
were admitted. When thev passed the gates tho
waiting ana anxious depositors made a ru&ii to get
111, but wore kept out by toe robust, porter, who was
evidently schooled iu Ins duties. 1 here were rumors
rile last night tiiut the receiver will open the bank
t. -morrow, nut tuev could not bo traced to any re
liable source.
Yesterday a "run'' wiw made on the
UOWL1.NU oKKKN SAVINGS BANK,
at 33 Broadway, of wt.tcii Henry Smith, otherwise
"Hank" .Mmth, is president, and Reeves K. Seimes,
one of the mo?i supple tools or the lung, is secre
tary. The run exhausted the lunds 011 nana at a
very early hour, at which Un.o it is said they had
paid ont about fifty thousand dollars. Justice
llouan and Walter Itoche are vice presi
dents and directors of the bank, and, 01
course, Tweed had his linger in the pie also.
At a quarter to two o'clock 1'. M. tuev nad no
inouey 111 the bank, aud at twenty 1u1nut.es p:i*t
two P. M. the doors were closed. The prim
ary canse of this suspension is said to
have been a loss of nearly a quarter million
dollars on stock or the Hannibal and .St. Joseph
Railroad. which has recently virtually collapsed, u
the electiou of oillccrs and directors of tli.s road,
wheh as held on the 6th inslaut, the Boston and
other stockholders ielt the sinking ship, and the
Gotham rats remained. The Slate election, which
followed next day, scattered tho l.iug and all its
concerns, and the Hauninal and St. Josephs went
the way of a 1 such ranroau schemes. Tue stock,
winch ?as valued at tijoefore ihe lato election, closed
on Hie street la-l evening at ui>?. While the Bowl
ing Ureen savings Bank, as an incorporated insti
tution, did not hold any 01 this monkey railroad
stock, still its o.iicers ami directors use 'J the lunds
of the bank to speculate m tills ana m other stock
to tlic
IMMINENT IT-RII, OK THE DEPOSITORS.
If the railroad stock, had gone up the bank would
not ue one cent tue buster lor it, but havlug goue
the oilier wav, down, it lias to bear the loss? or
rather its depositors und stockholders have.
Yesterday atternoon a reporter or the Herald
called at the bank, ihe "run" was over. The
doors, iront and rear, were closed and locked and
no amount of knocking or waiting could effect
an entrance. A lew or tho unfortunate
ones who had drawn biauks and not prizes
in tills Tweed lottery still lingered. A
Herman woman who had some money there In
trust for her children stopped lu to make Inquiries.
A ros\ -laced gentleman encouraged her by saying
that it would be all right; tnat the bank had closed
for the day, and that if she called on Monday
she would hear something more about it. We pro
pose to give her oilier inlorniation by and by.
Another gentleman tried to explain to lier that tho
nauk had burst and li.td no tuonev to pay its
debts, and would nut have ou Monday either, snc
could not. comprehend the fact, but persisted in
saying tuat the bank would not of course dciraud
her children, and she went away la doubt what to
lielieve about It. A workiugman was there looking
lor JTtior his hardly-earned money which had been
squandered. A clerk, who wanted to deposit a
check on tue Bowling (irecu llank tor $18 ana could
not, was there to
KNOW THE REASON WHY-.
The rosy-faced gcntiemau explained the why and
the wherefore. Another, an apparently well-to-do
man, was there looking lor the small
sum of $2,003, which ho had piaced in
"tlank" Smith's k"eping. Ue managed to obtain an
interview with Hank's factotum, Reeves E. Seimes,
but he coula not icec a sight at his money. He,
however, appeared to take the matter very cooly.
Perhaps he hail assurances irofti behind the sceues
that ad would be right by and by. Auother gentle
men came there with a pile 01 grceuoacks, which
he took uac. with him. tiiauklul for his escape.
The Hkrai.d representative made a strike tor the
rear entrance to ihe bank, or rather to the directors'
room, and knocked at the door, which was
promptly opened by Judge Ho^an. Hut betoro the
11 Kit a id man could ask a question, Mr. felines ap
peared, aud held the kiioo of the door nervously in
his hand, as if he would bo greatly relieved by the
reporter's departure. The following conversation
ensued, however, ere the Herald man left,
TDK SECRETARY'S 8TATKMKNT.
Reported Mr. seimes, have you had a "run" on
your bank to-day 1
sblmbs We had. Indeed, a heavy run.
Ri roKTBR? How much money did you pay out?
Belmks (with a forced siuilei? I'd rather not say
anything about that just now. We paid out all wo
nad.
reporter? WBl you open on Monday for busl
ness
SKI.ME9? No, we will not. Weclosed to-day, about
two o'clock, and we shall uot 00 aole to open soon,
if at all.
Rbi'OUTER Mr. Seimes, what arc the liabilities of
the bank/
sklmks? About half a million dollars.
REiOKTkR? And \our assets?
ski.mes ?About tue same. We shall bo aole, after
a while, to pat dollar tor dollar aud to meet every
obligation ??i our creditors, hut we must have nine
to do It. We have ample securities, but vou see the
odium heaped upon us dining the last three mouths
has been such tnat we could not get. money. If we
oilered securities lor sale people said, "No, you are
conuccicd wttn the Ring, und we'll have nothing to
do wiih you;'' or, il they were wiung to purchase,
we were obliged to sell at heavy discount, tve have
HAD To BKAIt THIS I KKSSI KB
and this stigma lor three months until It ha* com
pelled us to stop payment. We snail be able to
meet ail our otUigat ons 11 we get time.
Tho reporter inatikcd Mr. Seimes and bade him
adieu, it w as ?unt that a Mr. loonehad been ap
pointed receiver dur.ug the day. It mav be inter
esting to those who have money deposited in this
bank to know that ou the word or the Secretary
there is uo money iu the bank and It will not ho
open ou Monday. Hence it will be useless for them
to gather there, or to make auv demand lor their
deposits. They will have to await the slow process
o tue law to get anything at ah. They may recover
all, or 11 large portion, by waiting, but ihey can
hardly base their winter's supplies upon any such
hopes, ami we advise thein to husband their pros-
cut resources for the trying days that are yet to
come. As a g utletnan remarked yesterday to the
Herald mau at the door of the bank there
will bo a great deal or sintering this
winter. Tammany has gone aud taken
all the public money she could, aud Instead of hav
ing money enough to employ additional laborers and
mechanics during the winter moutns there is nut
money enough to pay those wno have worked lor us
diiriug the rail. Tuey, of course, will havo 10 go by
ami bv, and wo may be obliged to resort to sonp
houses here to support the poor, as we did In the
wtuier or 1854-6. It is ardently noped tnat
THE WINTER MAV BE A MILD ONE
and that th pressure now felt In huancial circles
may Pe removed and money become easier. It. never
was truer than it is now that ??wnen the wicked rule
the people mourn." If It was the gutiry only who
?uflere I It would be well, but when iho honest poor
are made to suirer for tho crimes or thosn
whom they have trusted no amount or exe
cration can sufficiently condemn the swindlers
and speculators. An 1 we now advise every poor
man who has uioney in any ot Tweed's bankings to
re move it as speedily as possible, for Hie crash will
not stop here. They lived upon municipal pap, but
now that that It .is oeen saken away Irom them they
pine und sicken and die. The litsease is within
iheui, mi I the physicians' instiuments are not. able
to reach the seat until it has done its work fatally.
I.et tho mourners around the deathbed, therefore,
be as few as posMble, and at the grave none. Some
men's works go belore them, and some they follow
af cr, but Tweed's and Tammany's works are be
lore and behind, and their monuments or corrup
tion and cruelly are all around.
rtIK NATIONAL s.tVINlM INSTITUTION.
This Institution, wnlcii h situated on Mie south
west corner oi Houston street an?l Broad way. and
of illicit .i<?lin XcitriUo Davidson la President,
Henry smith and Jonu T. liinitd Vice President*,
ana Joseph it. Frith Secretary, was reported yester
day to be in a shaky condition. During the after
noon a Ukkald reporter called at tne bank and
saw tne secretary and eashier. Upon asking the
question, "Is the report mm current in tlio city re
specting the -t ippufeof mis Institution authentic/"
he was met with an evasive reply, and upon asking
(or authority to contradict toe report, ir not true,
alio a snort consult. itiou, he was referred to tiiu
rie-ident, Mr. Davidson, t he safe man, who was not
vis! ole at his place of business at mat tunc. The re
porter then called at his private residence, In West
Twenty-third stroet, and stated to a Mr. l)avldsou
his eirand.
"Ah. yes," said this gentleman; "I guess there's
a pretty must down town, what with the 'liowling
Green' and the liuardian,' out 1 don't know any
thing about, it. Pity these Tammany men, who have
madii all ihe money, won't sund mi aud show they
are Holiest in business, n noi In politic*. Now is the
time (or them to do it. As to matters of the Na
tional havings institution, i guess it's my brother,
Jonn Mcllride Davidson, you want to see, 1 am w.
II. Davidson. You'll hnd my brother at the store."
Tim reporter returned to 581 tiroadway, where ho
round the genuine Davidson, by wtuui he was In*
trodueed to
HH. ItENKV RMITII, VICR PRK3IPKNT,
and anotner trustej. On repeating the nnestlon
asked at the bank Mr. Smith replied, "No, cer
tainty not: the t>an* is not stopped."
Is there any ground lor the rumors that are
prevalent r" asked the reporter.
"Well. 1 don't know." was the reply. "We have
plenty of ?>rnrtty to par ever y ?1ollr%r. find we hav?
l<St'l every dollar Chat nas been >ii trundod, us ret;
but we are now holding a consultation as to whether
the (auk -lull be closed on Monday u ornlng, and
If you look In again in an hour's inuc I will give you
more particular."
The reporter waited upon Mr. smith at 'ho end ot
the hour, anil wu informed by him that the Hoard
of Tru-teos had unanimously decided that the tiank
should <o oil; that it would i.? op'-n on Monday
morning, prepared to pay ail demand.*. He w sued
11 to i e distinctly understood that every depositor
wan uiiiy secured.
"Von may understand," mid ho, "that in order to
nay hix pei cant intcrejt we cannot afford to have
any amount of
MONKY LYIVO tPI.g.
we hate it. Invented ui bond* -railway, city, go*,
erniueut and outers. We nave arranged, nowever,
that .should there be an extraordinary drain upou
ns we shall i>e lully prepared lo uieef it."
With tin* inlorrnauou the reporter, thanking him,
retired. rue National Savings Institution. WJ
Broadway, is a comparatively new on ibltshment,
and inu-it not be confounded with the National
i-avlugs Hank connected wuii t tie Ireednieu'a Bu
reau, wiiicn in in iue imai -d.aUj vicinity. Although
the names of lUchard M. Tweed a id -<*V'-ral other
gentlemen prouunent v connected with the Tom
many pariy are enrolled anions it* trustees. it may
be inferred, from the ir ink and uar.:setved state
ments made by the I'te idem and Vice rreslttenc
thai its affairs are not iu me precarious condition
rumor womd have iliem.
The Yorkville Navlnsr* Itnuk Al-o Rrpnrted
Klmky? Crolioble f'uUhy of (too llviiiar.
Last evening among other banks reported burst
the Yorkville Savings Hank, of which H. W. Genet
is President, occupied a conspicuous place. It wu
announced that a heavy run had taken place on
the bauk during th& day; tliat the assets of the
company were entirely Insuillcleur. and that a crash
was inevitable, f As the banks which have already
suspended are more or lens connected with the
Tammany Ring the rumor gained additional
strength from the fact of Mr. Genet, who is so
prominent a member of the Tammany organisa
tion, being the President of the Vor-ville.
Judge Mcquade, unotaer 'prominent partisan ol
the "lost cause," being its Vice- President. The bank
la sltuatod on the corucr of Eighty-sixth street and
Third avenue. In the ceu're of a populous bat poor
district. Tho depositors, therefore, are mainly of tho
poorer classes, who seem to be the main sufferers
from the stupendous frauds which the failures of
Friday and yesterday havo brought to light. Id
order to ascertain the
TRUTH OK THE RUMOR
a Herald reporter was instantly despatched to tho
ofllcc oi the oank to wire the truth of ihe rumor and,
If possible, get a faitUful account of
tho situation. The cashier was fortunately
found at his post, though just on the point of leav
ing, and in response lo tho inquiries cheerfully
promised to give tue full particulars of tne state of
i lie U nance* so far as lie has an opportunity of
knowing. He professed astonishment at the rumor
In circulation, and asnei ted that it had uot tne
slightest loundatlon to rest upou.
No excitement or run of any kind had been made
upon them during the day, business had gone on as
it usually did, and lie says to his a.-tonlshmeui new
accounts had been opened, as they had
not anticipated doing any fresh business lor
a few dais, till the universal panic which
prevails relative to the saviugs banks of the city
h id been somewhat allayed. The business of the
oank Is limited, the deposits being under *inn,ouu,
und ihe executive committee are men or wealth and
substance, who. lie stales, wdl be fully able to make
good any deilc.lcncles in the event ol such an un
looked-lor circumstance as tho Insolvency of the
bank taking place. The reporter suggested to hitn
that in Mr. Genet was connected with the King
it was not at all improbable that it might occur;
but lie made the astonishing answer lliat as Mr.
Genet never had been connected with the King in
any capacity, the observation conld not apply. He
courteously offered to conduct tho reporter to the
Jefferson Club, on Ninetieth street, wnore tho Yico
President,
.iu nun M'4t;\i>R,
could bo fouud, who would furnish additional
continuation ol the truth ol lus (tne cash
ier's) statement. The cosoy rooms of the up
to a n re.-ort ol the ring politicians being readied
after some search, the .nidge was discovered In
close confab wim a friend, the subject under discus
sion being evidently an important one; but un the
intimation ol tne cashier that a reporter or tho
Hickaii) wi hed to nee Inm he instantly dropped
the conversation, wondering what had oronuht
such a visitor at so unusual an hour.
On learning the nature of the business he cast up
his eves in Holy horror at Hie wicksduess of men
who had the audacity to circ ulate so scandalous a
report lu connection with an institution oi winch
tho
CRBAT GENET
was the acknowledged head. "Why, man de?
(said he), the iu n connected with the bank are as
rich as Jews, able to pay ihe amount of the deposits
ten times over and live like princes afier, and Ican'l
see what reason any one had to put in circulation
any rumors impugning their honesty." He says
the deposits, which are leas man loi),oo>, are more
than covered by the assets,- and that there Is not
the slightest cause Tor tho depositors to be die least
alaimed about thoir money. The reporter, ox leav
I Ing the cm1', made lmiuirics in the neighborhood to
see how far tin- statements of the oiflci.tis could
be relied upon, and go lar as there being no run
heard of, or uny undue alarm, they were lully cor
roborated. and tho Inference is that, so far. the
Yorkville Is all right; but how long it may remain
so, "is one of those things, no fellow can Und out."
THE VlADUCl RAILWAY.
The Kr:>rK-'ini7.nlloii of the Ooard or Director*
to Tukfl I'lnco IS xl Wcdiifiilay? Fiial
Siie-rmi ot tbr Worts rrtnin.
There 13 no ground for apprehending the dissolu
tion of the Vlauuct Kailwuv Company, as I km been
reported in one or two morning paper*. A plan or
operations Tor the future has been decide.! upon,
and on Wednesday next a meeting or the directors
will be held, whou a reorganization of ;he entire
board will taso place. At the meeting Held a lev
days au'o a committee or flvo was appointed to re
port to tue hoard lor their action on Wednesday all
resignations received. It Is said that fif
teen out of the twenty -five directors havo
aireaily reslgue l. Tun reorganization win
take place by each member, as he tenders his resig
natlon, proposing tue name 01 some other person
not at present connected with the Hoard, and it is
understood that an arrangement has iieeti u.ade oy
winch every sentient an propos' d as a new director
will positively accept the honor. It is staled on
good autnorlty that the Hoard when reorganized
will have among its members several or the most
prominent financiers m the state, among others
Commodore anderoilt. Aithoutru a irrest many ie
siguat ions will be tendered (probably every one of
the pre.-ent members will offer his reiignalon), but
a lew will be accepti'd. Hie Idea Is to allow those
members now or lately connected with tue city kov
ernnient, and against whom the popular voice had
iieen raided so strongly, to uet^out of the concern
with as good a ttrace as possible. Ureat e J ores aro
being made to ludnc.e Mr. aweeny, to whom more
than to any other man the company owes its exist
erice, to remain in the hoard, out it is suld lie posi
tively declines to nerve at all in any capacity. Tweed
arid Connolly will certainty go oy the Hoard and
inane way 'or men in wiioin me people have confl*
fldence. The following are tlio names ol the direc
tors as they now stand:? Alexai.der T. Stewart,
William M. Tweed, August Belmont, Charles A.
].atnonl, James K. I). Lanier, b'tanklln Osgood,
William Duller Duncan, John J. Bradley, diaries
L. '1 1 il any. William K. 1 ravers, Itichard D. Connolly,
A. oakey Hall, John Jacob Astor, feter U. Sweeuy,
Levi 1'. Morton, Hutch smii i, William r. Hloduett,
iUchar I Uorman, jo", k. Navarro, Henry snntn,
Edward H. Wesiev, John Taylor Jotinston, Henry
Hilton. Man ton Marble, Joseph >etigu.ati,
It Is believed by tie" directors mat the plan*
already m progress lor buiidtut; the road wdi tie in
no wise endangered by tin: changes tn.it nave neces
sarily to lake place. Iney express the utmost con
fidence in us Unai s^ic -e-.s ii properly supported by
the peopie. liv me conditions ol t lie "act to Incor
porate the New York railway Company" tile city
was to subscribe lor ii,uio alter $l,:>ou ooo had
oecu subscribed eiuier by tn i directors or others.
monopoly smap paurici;.
flow the People of Nrwtnk uud Jemey City
Arc l,?'(<nlty linMirtl,
Tho Heralii recently reported a srrand jubilee,
heid one night in Harrison and Newark, on tne (.art
of the populace, wno were overjoyed in eoutenipia
tlon of tho latft thai the old Harrison turnpike
bridge had, at length, been thrown open to me pub
lic free forever. Alter all tho resold.
Hons passed, Bpeeclics made, torchlight pro
cessions held, Ac., It now turns out
that tne people have been checkmated to
a very considerable extent by the same monopoly
from whose gras[) Hie Harrison bridge wm
wrested. The monopoly, it seeuis, owns the .Newark
plank road bridge, uvei widen there is au immenso
luauuiacturliig traltlc dally between Newark, Her*
neii, Jersey city and New York. In order to make
up the loss of toll on the other bridge, although
Paul lot at lis full value, the monopoly has oxorol
lamty Increased the ra;<-s of toil over the llacken
sack bridge. Formerly the cosi of crossing the lat
ter was tuirty cents lor a snurle horse and w.igon.
now it Is forty cents, and the toll lor double
teams has been increased from tliiny-dve
to lllty cents, or about an equivalent to.
tuat lormerly exacted f<.r crossing both bridges.
as a matter of course there is much indignation
over the matter, and It It not improbable mat too
iigitMtioii will be k pt up uotu tue meeting of the
Legislature, waen a strong effort will ue made to
have tolls uDoii^iied on mis biiu^e too; also on the
one at Belleville, over tne I'sssaio. It is believed
iii.it a pair oi decent roads, wun iree bridges, be.
tween Jersey City .tad Newark would be of incal
culable value in developing commerce and lu en
nanr.mg the valun of property twiweeu tno twociue*