s>bt cicllorcester Spg
PvnLisiinn every mobkixo,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
t 98 per year, if paid strictly In advance
Otherwise) 15 Cents per Month.
?bc ^ussncljnsdls Spg,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
19 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
Al $3 per Annum.
J I>. BALDWIN A CO., Proprietors
NO. 414 MAIN STREET.
cMartcsfcv Jailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
Gross, Strauss Co., make their Christmas
announcement, to day.
That handsome and artistic lettering on the
window of Leland’s music store is the work of
Fred Revere. It is new in style and an excellent
piece of work.
There will he a festival at the Lamartine
street school house this evening, the proceeds
of which will be usedin the purchase of a
piano for Miss Moore's room.
The ladies of Grace Methodist church, on
Walnut street, had a fluttering run of patronage
at their antiquarian dinner yesterday. The
Trinity fair begins this evening.
One of the largest and pleasantest congratu
latory gatherings Monday evening was on Ver
non street at the house of J. J. O’Gorman, elect
ed to the common council from ward five.
The Worcester northwest agricultural and
mechanical society, at Athol, received a gift of
SBOO a few days ago from lion. Win. B. Spooner
of Boston.
It may truthfully be said, without mentioning
names, that the dancing party at Horticultural
hall last evening was one of the happiest of the
season.
Dolby’s great English concert company is
coming to Worcester on the 20th inst., wiien we
shall all have an opportunity to hear Mr. Sant-
Jcy, the renowned baritone, and the other stars
ot this justly famous troupe.
The lecture in the Mechanics course to-mor
row evening will be one of the best of the sea
son. Mrs. Mary Livermore speaks upon the
question “What shall we do with our daugh
ters?”
Mr. George F. Hewett, who was returned to
the common council from ward three by a band-
Fomc majority, entertained his friends last eve
ning, and received many assurances of warm
friendship in speeches and individual expres
sions. He was ready with responses and exert
ed himself in every way for the entertainment
of bis constituents.
In the municipal court, yesterday morning,
John Carney was fined S 3 and costs for in
juring a street lantern; he appealed and fur
nished bonds. Frederic Coleman, John A.
Holyoke, James Madden and John Carney were
each fined $3 and costs for drunkenness; Cole
man paid, Carney appealed and gave bail*
Holyoke and Madden were committed
Among the death notices this morning are the
names of three little children of Asa Walker,
who died of diptheria, with rash, on the 9th,
10th and 11th. The funeral services over the
three little coflins will be held this morning.
There are five remaining children in the family,
and all have been sick with the disease.
In Hon. Geo. F. Verry’s speech, Monday night,
be said: “1 include among those who rejoice
the two gentlemen who have escaped the burden
of this imposition.” The types, in the report
yesterday morning, made him sayyrieve instead
of rejoice; and it is quite important that this
correction should be made.
The board of mayor and aldermen had a
meeting last evening to examine the returns of
the recent election, and declared the election of
Mayor Vcrry and the aldermen upon his ticket.
Messrs. Daniel Stevens, John r. Marble, J. Har
low Martin, C. Willard Hamilton, and JoshuaS.
Wheeler were drawn as jurymen to attend the
superior court now in session.
City Mortality.—The number of deaths in
"Worcester during the week ending Dec. 9, was
27, including five still born; 11 males and 16
females. Three died of scarlet fever, old age 3,
lung fever 2, diptheria 2, and one each of canker
rash, consumption, croup, erisipclas, cancer,
heart disease, palsy, and liver complaint. The
oldest, Mary Grimes, 59 Thomas street, aged
•Hh was probably the oldest person in town.
The next oldest were 82, 75J, 74 and 72 respec
tively. Sixteen were of foreign parentage.
The Portrait of General Devens, paint
ed by Mr. Willard as his contribution to the
Grand Army lair of last winter, is just finished,
a n d will be presented to the post, wc believe, at
its meeting next week. We have had occasion
before to speak in praise of portraits by this ar
tist; they are always faithful likenesses, and
exhibit as many varieties ol excellence as his
subjects have varieties of personal characteris
tics. The truth of this portrait in drawing,
color and expression, is absolute; the most
searching scrutiny could hardly find an excuse
lor criticism, and the artist has conti ived to
give it in a wonderful degree the spirit and sen
timent suited to the association for which it was
painted. It represents the ideal of an experi
enced, resolute and wary soldier. This is the
instant and abiding impression it makes upon
all who have seen it. We can congratulate the
post in the possession of a picture than which,
whatever its present or future acquisitions, it
can have none better, and Mr. Willard on hav
ing painted of such a subject and fur such an
occasion, one of the noblest among many admi
rable portraits that have occupied his easel.
The Temple of Honor.—The members of
this excellent ami flourishing organization have
been for some time past considering plans for
introducing the social clc*nent into the arrange
ments of the society to a greater extent than
heretofore. The first of a series of social gath
erings, arrangements for which were made by a
committee, of which H. W. Willson was chair
man, was held at the hall in Chapin bl;ck,
Pearl street, last evening. Fur a few hours, the
formalities of the ritual were suspended, and
the templars, with their wives, families, and
friends, were participate!s in the pleasures of an
intellectual and musical entertainment of much
merit.
The exercises included an address of welcome,
by the pics’diug officer of the temple, G. W.
Wheeler; quartette singing; recitations, by
Templars Kindred and Austin; reading, by Mrs.
G. Barbour; addresses, by E. H. Clapp, of Bos
ton. and Mr. Munsell, of this city; duets, by the
Misses Gard, by Mr. Kindred and Mrs. Gard,
and by Mr. Elkins and Mrs. Goodwin; instru
mental music, by C. I’. Morrison, temple organ
ist, mid a beau til ul song by Mrs. J. H. Gardner.
The exercises closed at ton o’clock, after the an
nouncement of the names ol the committee
having the next similar meeting in charge.
Maj. W. T. Harlow delivered a very in
teresting lecture, last evening, before the Nat
ural History society, on Darwin’s develop
ment theory. He confined himse I’' 1 fly to a
statement and illustration ol ‘arwin’s
view of the power of “natural in the
struggle for existence, to chani welopc
organic forms of life. Wc shoul give a
full report of thejlcctuco, if roor. late-
ncss of the hour would allow i 4 the
lecture was concluded, the prosit d for
remarks from the audience, ant Mr.
Baldwin, who said that the hostil- n of
Mr. Darwin’s theory, usually he. not
directed against his law of natur
but against his claim that it orij
species and orders of beings; and he >0
tliat the origin of life and the fir c
forms required the theory of a super r
divine creator. The discussion was
by Mr. Harlow, Mr, Chace, Prof. Grt
Busbee, Mr. Samuel Green, and Dr.
So much interest in the subject was av
that it was voted to continue the discu
the next meeting, which will be held
second Tuesday evening In January.
The December term of the superior cot
the trial of civil cases began in this city y
day, Hon. John W. Bacon, the newly appo
judge, presiding. The court was opened
prayer by Rev. E. H. Hall of the First Unita
church. The juries were empanneled ns
lows:
First Jury— -Charles Ballard of Worcest
foreman; Charles G Allen of Sturbridge, W
M O.iwterd 01 North Brookfield, John Davis
Hubbardston, Lewis W Dodae of Graftor
Charles B Elwell of Warren, Edwin A Fawcet
of Worcester, Charles H Fay of Northbridge,
Hi rum French of Worcester, F K Hodgeman of
IB flail# Spn
VOL. 26, NO. 294.
Millbury, John Kendall of Athol, J E Lawrence
of Worcester.
Second Jury, —Estes II Sanford of Worcester,
foreman; Hiram Newton of Brookfield, Francis
P Oliver of Worcester, Frasier* Page of Hard
wick, Crawford Pierce of Milford, Waters Put
nam of Sutton, Geo W Sibley of Spencer,lFran
cis M Thayer of Blackstone, Francis M Vinton
of Southbridge, Orison II Welch of Clinton,
Marcus II Wright of Gardner, Joseph Cushing
of Fitchburg.
The docket was then called and the eases put
in order tor trial, but none began, considerable
time being occupied in hearing motions,&c.
In erder for trial to-day: No 285, Plummer
granite company vs. I). C. P. Stevens; 643,
Timothy Bancroft vs. A. J. Duncan; 677, 680,
686, 746, 775, 779, 780.
Miiprcino Conn Dcciaion in the Suicide
C aw.
A rescript has just been received from the
supreme judicial court, comprising its decision
in the case of commonwealth vs. John C. Den
nis, for attcmpting||to commit suicide, which
was argued at the law term in October, 1870*
The court sustain the exceptions taken by the
counsel for the defence at the trial at the previ
ous May criminal term of the superior court, on
the ground, as stated in the rescript, that “the
provisions of the general statutes, in section 8
of chapter 168, which arc a revision of the whole
law on the subject of attempts, do not include
attempts to commit suicide.” This case will be
well recollected as having originated nearly two
years ago in the municipal court of this city,
where the defendant was arraigned on a com
plaint charging him with the “attempt to kill and
mtlrdcr himself,” In the superior court a pro
forma verdict of guilty was rendered, by ditec*
tion of the court (Judge Dewey), there being
no contest as to the facts, and the case went up
on exceptions, based on the legal point raised
by the defence, that “the indictment did not set
forth any crime or offense known to, or punish
able bv, the laws of this commonwealth.” As
the case is a novel one, without precedent in out
courts, a brief statement of some of the facts
concerning it, ami of the arguments of the
counsel at the hearing, may be of interest.
The defendant was a resident of this city,
married, but not living With his wife at the
time. She was at work at the Dread, where he
went to see her, and going into the kitchen
where she was, accosted her with the expression
of “Good bye, Mafy,” and then drew a pistol
from his pocket and fired it at his own head, in
flicting a severe though (miraculously) not a
dangerous wound on his right temple, from
which the ball glanced and lodged in the ceiling.
At the hearing before the supreme court, who
have had the case under consideration for over a
year, the counsel for the defendant, 11. L. Parker,
Esq., cited numerous authorities to show that
suicide was undoubtedly a crime in England at
common law, although some writers maintain
ed that to make it a crime is contrary to natural
right, but that the attempt to commit suicide is
held there to be a misdemeanor and not a
Iclonv. Whether It is a crime, and punishable
in this state, admits of doubt, inasmuch as out*
statutes are silent concerning it, and it does nut
appear that the common law punishment was
ever inflicted here. Only that portion of the
common law which is adapted to our new coun
try and institutions has been incorporated into
our law; both the reason of the common law
punishment, and its infliction as a punishment,
ceased in our new country. The only recogni
tion of suicide as a crime in our statutory
law was an enactment of 1660; this was repealed
in 1824, but its repeal did not revive the
common law. The language of the enactment
of 1660 does not indicate any recognition of sui
cide as punishable at common law. The records
<»f the Massachusetts Bay colony or the
Plymouth colony records do not show any in
stance where it was punished as a crime, al
though there are cases of self murder as found
by juries of inquest, and in one case administra
tion of the estate of the deceased was granted,
showing that no confiscation of goods followed
suicide. The indictment must set forth facts
sufficient to show that any offence was com
mitted within the provisions of Gen. Stat., eh.
168, sect. 8. If the substantive offence is not
indictable if committed, the attempt to commit
cannot be; to constitute a criminal attempt the
intent must be to do something which would be
indictable, if done. He argued that the removal
ol legal punishment from the reputation and
property of the suicide, also repealed all penalty
for the attempt. The idea of punishment for
this crime originated in the feudal idea that the
sovereign owned an interest in the subject,
which in our new country ami under our new
institutions ceased to exist; tins, with laws of
attainder and forfeiture to the state for crime
have been abolished as inconsistent with repub
lican institutions.
Attorney General Allen, for the. common
wealth, set forth that the only question at issue
was, whether an indictment could lie for an un
successful attempt at suicide, and supported the
affirmative in an elaborate argument,of which
the following are the points:
1. By the common law suicide is a felony.
It was formerly punished by ignominious buri
al, and by forfeiture of goods. So in Massachu
setts, from 1660 to 1823, a suicide was punished
by burial in the highway, with a cartload of
stones put upon the grave “as a brand of in
famy.’’ An ignominious burial ofthe body be
ing required by law, was clearly a punishment
for the crime; and it has always been recog
nized as such. It is in this respect like a judg
ment that the body shall be quartered or deliv
ered to surgeons for dissection. So also by the
general sense of mankind, in Christian coun
tries at least, suicide is regarded as highly crim
inal in its nature—an offence against society and
morals; usually prejudicial to the public, be
cause it deprives the state of a citizen; casts new
and unjust pecuniary burdens on the people;
excites, distm bs ami demoralizes the commu
nity, spreads false and hurtful notions in socie
ty, and is of evil example. As a rule, suicide is
a sin against the law of nature, and accordingly
moralists and other writers have often recog
nized its unlawful and immoral character.
2. The abrogation of the punishment docs
not render the act of suicide less criminal in its
nature, nor show that it is no longer considered
as an offence against the laws; the reasons for
such abrogation rest on a different basis. The
punishment fell chiefly on the innocent; and
was therefore abolished. Docs it therefore fol
low that one has a legal right to commit suicide.
By the common law, and the law of Massa
chusetts, one who advises another to commit
suicide, is guilty of murder, if his advice is
acted upon in his presence. So the consent or
request of another to kill him does not relieve
the slayer from guilt as a murderer; because
no man can legally consent te his own volun
tary destruction.
3. Bv reason ofthe peculiar nature of the act,
the criminality of an attempt te commit suicide
dues not rest exclusively upon the criminality of
the completed act. Ordinarily the attempt is
held to be criminal if the c uni le ed act would
be criminal, lint if the act of suicide is no longer
visited with legal punishment, and therefore
technically considered is no longer a crime, the
reason is because punishment cannot effectually
reach the guilty party; in this case it affects the
innocent more directlv, and in a far greater de
gree. Therefore, although suicide is not now
1 unished, this does not show that the act of sui
cide is not considered to be wrongful, immoral,
unlawful, and criminal in its nature. By the
common law, suicide was a felony, and an at
tempt was a misdemeanor; the statute of 1828
repealed the punishment for suicide, but it did
not deal with the offence of attempting the act;
and under well established rules, did not repeal
any offence which was not clearly meant to tie
repealed.
4. It has been expressly held in England that
an attempt to commit suicide was punishable as
a misdemeanor at a common law. At the time
of the decisions cited, the laws providing for ig
nominious burial had been repealed. It was to
be seen, provided by that statute that the inter
ment of suicides should be private, and with no
rites of Christian burial, but rather as a matter
of decorum, than by way of punishment. Such
interment can hardly be thought ignominious
in Massachusetts, since our own ancestors in
early times so buried their dead, with a studi
ous avoidance of religious services.
5. 1 his, then, is an offence at common law.
No punishment is pro.idcd bv statute; it is not
covered by General Statutes, chap. 168 sec. 8; it
therefore comes within General Statutes, chap.
174 sec. 1, and is to be punished according to
the common usage and practice of this state.
I he offence is a misdemeanor; the ordinary and
appropriate punishment for misdemeanor is bv
fine and imprisonment, or either, at the discre
tion ul the court.
Section 1 of chap. 174, referred to above, pro
vides that “In cases of legal conviction, where
no legal punishment is provided by statute, the
court shall award such sentence as is conforma
ble to the common usage ami practice in this
state, according to the nature of the offence, and
not repngnant to the constitution.” Hie attor
ney general admitted that usually where a com
pleted act is not punishable, the attempt is not
punishable, but argued that suicide rests on a
lifferent basis; our lives are not our own; we
re sent here on a mission, and no man ordi
irily has a right te surrender his own life.
while under our laws suicide is no longer
nishable, it is not because it is no longer a
ne, but because the punishment of the corn
ed crime falls most heavily on the innocent,
the proper penalty ot the attempt should be
‘ted. Suicide has ceased being considered
ny; but as a misdemeanor is punishable at
scretionot the court.
COUNTY NEWS.
bird lecture of the Grafton course will be
ning, by A. A. Willitts, I). D., of Phila-
ddphia. Subject—“ Sunshine, or the Philosophy
of a Happy Life.”
A story, the truth of which we do not vouch
for, is going the rounds of the papers, that a cat
in Fitchburg lay down in a fly wheel early in
the morning, and was not discovered till the en
gine had been running three hours; a dog then
detected her and gave the alarm. When the en
gine was stopped the cat was rescued uninjured,
after making sixty revolutions a minute for
three hours.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE WORCESTER DAILY DPT
From Washington.
(special dispatch to the Worcester spy.|
Washington, D. C., Dec. 12.
GEN. SICKLES.
It is understood that Minister Sickles will not
return to Spain. His visit to this country was
at his own request, as will be, also, his
subsequent stay here. His friends say that he
has had enough of foreign service.
CONFIRMED-
In executive session, to-day, the senate con
firmed J. W. Douglas as commissioner of inter*
nal revenue. It was anticipated that there
would be a short opposition to this confirma
tion, made by Gen. Pleasonton and his friends,
but the only contest of this character was waged
in the finance committee, to which this matter
was referred.
a Tedious subject.
Several members of the Massachusetts dele
gation have had a conference with reference to
the Springfield post office, and have generally
agreed that J. C. Taylor should be recoin mended
fur the Vacancy especially in view of his long
experience in the postal business and bin en
dorsement by the most prominent and substan
tial citizens of Springfield. Applications in
large numbers are now being received at the
post office department for this position.
Anti-granT.
Senator Spencef, of Alabama, who lias been
some time classed among the “independent re
publicans,” denies the recent statement to the
effect that he had been conciliated. He is now
engagedin making war upon presidential ap
pointments in his state, among which is that of
ex-Senator Willard Warner as collector at
Mobile. The confirmation of the latter is now
pending, and is being bitterly opposed by Mr.
Spencer.
MR. |DAWEB’ RESOLUTION.
Mr. Dawes’ eight hour resolution still Iles on
the senate table, with other unfinished business.
Mr. Wilson made his usual effort to-day to get
it up, and Mr. Sumner came to his assistance
with some remarks in support of the justness of
the measure, but the morning hour expired be
fore it could be reached.
Mr. Chillingworth and other parties interested
in the passage of this resolution have succeeded
in disabusing Mr. Trumbull’s mindof the preju
dices against this resolution, and it is now un
derstood that this senator will not press his
amendment repealing the eight hour law. To
morrow Mr. Sumner proposes to make a short
speech, urging the immediate passage of the i es
olution.
LACK OF HARMONY IN THE CAUCUS.
In consequence of the inharmonious proceed
ings in open session, the senate had been in ex
ecutive session but a short time to-day, when it
was resolved to hold a caucus to see if some
general understanding could not be arrived at,
with reference to legislation, and also if there
could not be arrangements made with regard to
Mr. Trumbull’s proposed retrenchment commit
tee, without putting republicans on record as
voting against it, and democrats as favoring it.
The propriety of appointing th 3 committee
was discussed for about two hours, and some
bitter speeches were made thereon. After two
hours had been spent in this unprofitable man
ner, the caucus adjourned until to-morrow morn
ing. A compromise has been prepared, w hich
will be submitted in caucus to-morrow, which
provides for the appointment of a retrenchment
committee, but limits its operations to retrench
ing expenses, without investigating abuses.
Another stormv|timc is anticipated before this
proposition will be finally disposed of.
MR. SUMNER AROUSED —LIVELY SCENE! IN
THE SENATE.
Senator Morton cal cd up his concurrent reso
lution to-day, providing for a formal adjourn
mentof congress on the third Monday in May,
and a limited discussion ensued. The time it
was under discussion was not so brief, however,
but that it was demonstrated that nothing
which can possibly have any political signifi
cance can pass the present session without be
ing thoroughly analyzed, tested and contested.
Coming from a senator whose administration
predilictions arc so well understood, seemed al
most enough in itself to arouse the suspicion of
the opposition, and the clerk had hardly finished
the resolution before Mr. Sumner got the fluor,
and objected to its adoption at such an early
stage of the session. He gave notice, however,
that, if the senate should take up the resolution,
he would insist upon tacking thereto an amend
ment that congress should not adjourn until it
had passed his supplementary civil rights bil^
guaranteeing protection to American citizens,
without distinction of color.
Notwithstanding this note of defiance, Mr.
Morton insisted on the propriety of adopting
Ids resolution, and the yeas and nays were
called on a motion to take it up. On this ballot
Mr. Sumner’s threatened amendment as to im
partial rights had the effect to drive all demo
crats to Mr. Morton’s support, and, consequent
ly, there were but nine votes recorded against it.
To be as good as his word, as soon as the vote
was announced Mr. Sumner sent up his proposed
amendment, and, when lie took his scat, Mr.
Schurz moved to amend the amendment, provid
ing that there should be no adjournment until
the bills to reduce internal taxation, modify
the tariff and secure a reform in civil service,
had also been acted upon; and then Mr. Trum
bull, when Mr. Schurz had taken his seat, gave
notice that he would offer, as a substitute for
the combined resolution and amendments, a
bill to remove the political disabilities of the
southern states.
He protested against any measure which
would tie the hands ol senators as to future
legislation, and moved to lay the original
resolution and amendments on the table. On
this motion, the ayes and nocs were called, and
it was defeated by thirty-one to twenty-two.
Pending further action, the morning hour ex
pired, and the resolution went over. The vote
has some significance, as foreshadowing how
senators may act upon reform measures that
will be introduced this winter, in case party
tight is made upon them.
The republicans who united with the demo
crats in voting to lay Mr. Morton's resolution on
the table, were Messrs. Alcorn, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Hill, Lewis, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schurz, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull and
Wilson. The three republicans, Messrs.
Sprague, Spencer and Logan, who would have
voted with the minority, were not in the senate
to-day. This would have made the same num
ber wffo voted to take up the resolution calling
for the retrenchment committee. Kelon.
(To the AnMoclated Frees.)
THE NATION’S CHARGE.
Washington, Dec. 12.—Reports made at the
meeting of the managers of the national asylum
for disabled soldiers show that over 4000 vet
erans arc now cared for, and new men arc com
ing in at the rate ol a hundred per week, and
will soon tax the asylums to the utmost capaci
ty.
minor matters.
The entire expense of the census was 53,278,-
600.
The value of imports fur direct consumption
during the year ending June 30th, was $270,-
967,025.
Delegate Hooper favors the formation of a
state const itutlon acceptable to congress, pre
liminary to the action of that body upon the ad
mission of Utah.
Attorney General Akerman had not received
WORCESTER: WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 13, 1871.
this morning any notice of a change in his de
partment, but the friends of ex-Senator Williams
are certain that he will be invited into the cab
inet this week.
1 here are indications that the ways and mentis
committee of the house will prepare during the
holidays an amended tariff bill reducing the du
tics on coal, iron and salt, and greatly increas
ing the lice list.
Agents of all railroad corporations are here
endeavoring to secure the passage of a bill re
mitting internal revenue taxes collected on ac
count of dividends during the last five months ol
1870.
A private dispatch from Alabama announces
that a democrat, who claims to have been elect
ed to the present congress, has been indicted by
the grand jury as a member of the kuklux or
ganizationj
The attempt to construe the opposition of the
republican senators to Mr. Trumbull’s retrench
ment committee resolution into hostility to the
civil service reform or the desire of the adminis
tration to conceal frauds, is a lawyer's trick.
The opposition arises from it difleivnee of opin
ion concerning means, not ends.
The committee on foreign affairs will not ad
on Gen. Binks’ bill to carry into efleet that
part of the treaty of Washington relative to the
fisheries until after the holidays, but an effort
will be made previously to pass an appropria
tion Of a quarter of a million for the expenses ol
the tribunal at Geneva.
Admiral Porter has approved a proposition of
Medical Director Miran Pinckney, of Hie navy,
to dispose of the naval asylum at Philadelphia,
and to establish a national naval hospital ami
medical school at Annapolis on ground opposite
the naval academy. He wants every candidate
for (he position of assistant surgeon placed at
this school, after having passed bis examina
tion, at least four mouths iiefore he is ordered to
sea, and again after one cruise before he is ex
amined for promotion.
Much doubt is expressed concerning the con
stitutional power of the Joint committees to
compel the attendance of witnesses or .o use a
court process. This, with other reasons, o ca
sions a desire that specific cases of fraud be re
ferred to the committees having special relations
With the departments where the defalcations
occur. The democrats rtttd acidulous republi
cans interpret this into hostility to reform.
The committee on elections this morning de
cided that Mr. Clark, republican, ami Mr. Hern
don, democrat, are entitled to be sworn in as
members from Texas, in the pending contest lor
their seats in the house. This action is prelimi
mtry only, and docs nothing more than to recog
nize that they have, prima facie right to a seat,
and that their certificates arc in accordance
with the laws of Texas.
Forty-Second Congress—Second Session.
Washington, D. C, Dec, 13, 1871.
SENATE;
The senate decided to take up Mr. Morton’s
resolution for a final adjournment hl May.
An amendment by Mr. Sumner, providing
that the time shall lie extended until the enact
ment of the civil rights hill, was lost.
KMr. Wilson asked consideration of the eight
hour compensation bill, but Hie moruim* hour
expired ami the senate went into executive Ses
sion.
Adjourned.
HOUSE.
Mr. Dawes introduced a resolution similar to
that introduced by Mr. Lynch, yesterday, ex
tending the Investigation authorized by that
resolution to all the executive departments of
the government.
The reading of Mr. Farnsworth’s bill reviving
the post office statutes, was completed, and the
bill passed.
Mr. Banks’ bill was referred.
The comm it tee on the whole for an hour dis
cussed (he apportionment bill, but rose with
out action.
On motion of Mr. Townsend, the secretary of
the treasury was instructed to report whether
any national hanks in New York are concerned
in promoting an artificial scarcity of money.
Adjourned.
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, Dec. 12.—The Ocean bank has
exploded, its bills being thrown out of the clear
ing house to-dav. Boss Tweed was one of its
directors. This is the bank which was thorough
ly rotibed two years ago.
It is said the bank will resume in a few days,
but it is doubtful. A receiver hasbeen appoint
ed, and it is believed seventy-five per cent of the
deposits will be. paid. A meeting ol the stock
holders has been called.
1 Mter.— The rumored suspension of the Union
Square bank is unfounded. The officers deny
any embarrassment. The report originated in
the sac» that clearances were made thr ugh the
Ocean bank.
The officers of the latter deny that Tweed is
one of the directors. The clearing house state
ment shows that its liabilities last Saturday were
$2,258,900, and legal reserve, $564,725; against
which the bank held only $.330,000 in legal ten
ders.
Facts are now revealed which lead to the con
clusion that Nathaniel Sands, who was kicked
out of the citizens* association, had to divide his
$75,000 with Uonnolly.
It is stated that Edward Pierrepont and other
eminent legal gentlemen have volunteered to de
fend the workingmen if arrested at parade next
Sunday.
Julien has absconded with the proceeds of the
late concert and ball to the grand duke, owing
his musicians S7OOO.
One Williams, a well known criminal, escaped
from Sing Sing to-day.
A large quantity of liquors and cigars, smug
gled, were found on the barque Princess Alex
andra, at Brooklyn, yesterday.
J. J. Connolly was elected president of the na
tional base ball association yesterday.
Tiie trial of the Fisk-Mansfield libel case was
again postponed till Saturday.
Another man, name unknown, was slaught
ered by the Hudson River railroad on Fourth
avenue, last night.
Eight children in the orphan asylum in Brook
lyn, and a reporter, were attacked by small pox,
yesterday, ami sent to the hospital.
The body of a man, believed to be that of W.
M. Hall of Boston, was found in the dock yes
terday. The captain of a canal boat reports
having heard a splash and cry for help on pier
36, North river, last Saturday evening, but on
going to the rescue could discover no one; a hat
was found, however. Yesterday afternoon the
police dragged the dock, finding the bod*.. In
his pockets were found papers, showing him to
fie probably the above named and partner with
S. W. Wilder, at 81 Milk street, Boston. The
police believe that he was murdered by some of
the Charlton street gang, although nearly a
hundred dollars and his gold watch were found
on him.
There have been thirty-two new cases of small
pox since Saturday, and seven deaths.
In the trial of Miner, counterfeiter, to-day,
Cole swoie to numerous sales ot counterfeit
money made.
It is generally believed that the police com
missioners will adhere to their former decision
in regard to the international parade, and (hat
tlxe governor will refuse to interfere.
A committee of the internationals waited on
the police commissioners this afternoon, to ask
permission to parade next Sunday, in honor of
Rossel. Mayor Hall, tiy virtue of his office a
member of the board, was not present, but sent
a communication saying that be would be glad
if a meeting of the internationals could be
held at a public hall. This suggestion the com
mittee declined to entertain. The commission
ers refused permission for the demonstration,
without giving any explanation. A committee
of internationalists leave for Albany to-night, to
wait on the governor to-morrow.
There was an unsuccessful attempt to rob the
Terry street savings bank, this forenoon, by the
noted Dutch Hinncks and Alex Mason, the lat
ter of Baltimore. The thieves escaped.
Madame Burns, abortionist, was convicted
and sentenced to seven years in thr state prison
New England Dispatches,
MASSACHI SETTS.
Boston, Dec. 12.—T0 day, Alexis, with the
members of his suit, accompanied by School
Superintendent Philbrick, visited several of the
public schools. The ordinary school exercises
and selections in music were rendered, much to
the apparent gratification of the distinguished
visitors. After the exercises, Mr. Machin briefly
addressed the scholars on behalf of the duke,
and gave t hem some excellent advice. The duke
appeared highly interested in the schools, and
requested the superintendent to favor him with
some of the school statistics, reports, rules
and regulations, which Mr. Philbrick agreed to
do.
In the evening, the duke visited the Globe
theatre, and witnessed Miss Cushman’s presen
tation of Queen Katherine.
The following is the duke’s proposed route:
Leaving Boston, Thursday morning, via Lowell
and Concord, for Montreal, arriving there Fri
day; remaining until Monday; leave for Ot
tawa; Tuesday, leave for Toronto; leave To
ronto, Friday, 22d, in the morning ter Niagara;
leave Niagara, Saturday mornings arriving
at Buffalo at 11 v. m., etc.
In case of the prince of Wales’ death, the
route may be changed. Col. Frank Tlioiibou,
who is connected with the duke’s suite, is an
officer of the Pennsylvania Central railroad, and
was detailed, at the request ofthe Russian minis
ter, to take charge of all railroad transporta
tion of the ducal party.
Lowell, Dec. 12.—James Cronan, aged twen
ty-eight, fell three stories through an elevator in
the Lowell car|>et company’s mill, this after
noon, killing him instantly.
The Wentbcr.
Washington, Dec. 12.—The barometer will
probably fall very generally on Wednesday in
the gulf and Atlantic states, with clouds and
rain to-night in the gulf states, and threatening
weather from the lower lakes to (he middle and
south Atlantic coast.
FROM EUROPE.
Ureal Britain.
THE DYING PRINCE
London, Dec. 12—*2 p. m.—The prince of
Wales is still living. The official bulletins pub
lished to-day are as follows:
Sandrinyham, Dee. 12 Ba. m. -The prineeof
Wales bad a vt iy restless night. The delirium
was constant. There are no signs of impiove
ment.
S/tHdrinofium Noon,—The prince has been
restless all the morning. His condition is unal
tered.
THE PRINCESS VICTORIA SENT FOR.
230 p. M.—The royal steam yacht has been
dispatched to bring the princess Victoria, wife
of (he German prince imperial, to England.
MORE FAVORABLE.
5 P. M.—There arc rumors that incidents have
occurred at Sandringham indicating a more fa
vorable condition of affairs. Nothing definite
has yet been given to the public, ami the report
is given with caution.
A SLIGHT HOPE.
7 p.m. Private ami unofficial advices from
Sandringham and Windsor, O’ceived by the
central press news agency, hold out some slight
hope of a favorable luin in Hie piince’s disease.
The patient’s voice remains strong, a proof that
nature is not completely exhausted. The
preparations which were being made against an
unfavorable result are relaxing. Telegrams
sent from Samliingham to Windsor ar** reas
sut ing, and the hopes of the royal household at
the castle were raised this afternoon by a pri
vate dispatch from Uol. Ponsonby. Princess
Alexandra is (almost constantly at the bedside
of her husband. When she is compelled to re
tire for rest, her place is supplied by Princess
Alice. The queen remains at Sandringham.
The non-conformist educational conference,
which was to have been held at Manchester, is
postponed, on account ol the illness of the
prince of Wales.
AN UNQUIET EVENING.
10 p. m.—The prince passed an unquiet even
itig, but his prostration does not increase.
LATEST.
lice. 18, 6 a m. Ad official dispatch from
Samli ingham, this morning,says the condition
of the prince is without alteration
l<'i*auec.
CROWN JEWELS.
Paris, Dee. 42.—The national assembly to
day adopted, by 289 to 277, a recommendation
fur the alienation to the state of the crown jew
Criminal Record.
ATTEMPTED 1.1 xriir.G
Cincinnati, 4.!., Dec. 12. —Some citizens of
the town of Enon, this state, yesterday unsuc
cessfully attempted to lynch two murderers, who
were arrested for killing Edwanl Cremmings
last week.
K ESPIT ED.
Bt fFM.o, Dec. 12.—Kelly and Gomekle,iiiUf
derers, have been respited till January 12.
RETRIEVED.
1• t riiN, N Ji,’Dec. 12. leorgt Botls, sen
tenced tube hanged at. Newark the 2l»t, Im the
murder of Pvt Halsted,!« roprieved by Hie gov
ernor till the 26th of January.
SEVENTH DAY OF THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Annapolis, Md., Dec. 12. 111 the Wharton
Dial to-day. A. A. Khiirschmidt, ul (he firm us
Gasman Co., testified to selling the prisoner,
.Jiiue26tb, a small vial of tincture of valerian.
The prisoner then asked for a snlall quantity of
tartar emetic, saying she wanted it tor a phis
ter; thinks he gave her sixty grains, which he
charged in their book. N. 11. Hulton testified
that Mrs. Wharton told him, lune 28th, ot the
finding of a vial ol laudanum on Ketchum’s
bed by a servant the day previous, ami express
ing a wish that he should tell Dr. Williatt s and
no one else. Several other witnesses were ex
amined, but the testimony was unimportant.
CONVICTED.
San Francisco, Dec. 12.—J. L. Mureson, of
Sun Jose, is convicted of rape on a young Span
ish girl, whom he put under the influence of
chloroform.
kuk lux.
Columbia, S. Dec. 12. In the United
States circuit court to day, R. Hayes Mitchell of
York was arraigned, under the kuklux law, on
a charge of conspiracy.
Accidents.
Cairo, 111., Dec. 12. —A locomotive, attached
to a water train on the Illinois Central railroad,
exploded last night near Centralia. Hom’k^ the
engineer, Brewington, the fireman, and Keen,
the brakeman, were killed.
drowned.
^Quebec, Dee. 12.—Two mail carriers of the
island of Orleans, while on the way to Quebec,
were drowned by falling through the ice, on Sat
urday.
Fire Record.
AT NEW YORK —LOSS SIO,OOO.
New York, Dec. 12.—Stone Co.’s factory,
a brush factory, a skirl factory, and Strauss’
store, No. 100 Duane street, was damaged $lO,-
000 by tire this morning.
AT THORNTON, N. H. —LOSS $.3000.
Concord, Dec. 12.- The house of Onslow Gil
man of Thornton was burned ou Friday, to
gether with outbuildings, a barn, with twenty
tuns of hay and three horses. Loss $3000: in
sured SIBOO. The tire was caused by a child
playing with matches.
NEAR CONNERSVILLE, IND. LOSS $12,000.
Cincinnati, Dec. 12. —A railway bridge on
the Indianapolis railroad, south of Connersville,
was burned this morning. Loss, $12,000.
AT PHILADELPHIA—LOSS $12,000.
Philadelphia, Dec. 12.—Yesterday morn
ing Dalton’s shoddy mills, above Twenty-fifth
street, were totally destroyed by fire. Losson
stock $4000; partially covered by insurance.
The building was owned by Thomas B. Evans.
Loss $12,000; partially insured.
AT NEWVILLE, O.— LOSS SIO,OOO.
Cincinnati, Dec. 12.—Harter’s tannery in
Newville was burned yesterday with the entire
stock. Ixiss $10,000; incendiarism is the sup
posed cause.
AT WEST ORANGE, N. .1. —LOSS SSOOO.
Newark, Dee. 12. —Silon Harrison’s barn in
West Orange was burned yesterday with seven
horses, nine head of cattle, and forty tous of
hay. Loss SSOOO.
AT HANNIBAL, MO. —LOSS $50,000.
St. Louis, Dec. 12.—A tire at Hannibal, yes
terday destroyed property valued at $50,000.
Insured for $24,000.
AT WHITEFIELD, N. H.—LOSS $.3000,
Lan< aster, Dec. 12.—The boarding-house of
A. L. W. G. Brown Co., lumber manufac
turers, Whitefield, was totally destroyed by fire
this afternoon; furniture saved. Loss $3000;
insurance S2OOO.
AT HONESDALE, PA.—LOSS SSOOO.
Scranton, Dec. 12. A fire at Honesdale,
Wayne county, this afternoon, destroyed the
hardware store of Hartley Rogers, Howe’s
store, Brady’s drug store, and Scon’s shoe store.
Loss, $50,000; insured.
AT NORTHAMPTON—LOSS SIO,OOO.
Springfield, Dec. 12.—The Eagle hotel, at
Northampton, was partially destroyed by tire
this morning. Loss, 10,000; fully insured.
AT BOSTON- I.OSS SSOOO.
Boston, Dec. 12.—A fire to-night in the large
brick building of the Bay State moulding mills
of J. F. Paul, Tremont street, caused a damage
of about $5000; insured.
I'itnuuiil TrhgraauK.
United States Senators Stewart, Spencer and
Hill were in their seats yesterday fur the first
time this session.
Mr. Bergh is authorized to prevent the clip
ping and singeing of horses during the winter.
Robert Lee, secretary of the Enterprise insur
ance company of Cincinnati, died suddenly on
Monday, of heart disease.
Senor Morena, the new governor of Havana,
lias begun the work of suppressing gambling
houses, personally superintending the war
against them.
Surgeon W. K Schofield of Connecticut has
been detached from the naval hospital at New
York, and ordered to the receiving ship Ver
mont.
Chid Justice Alexander Cockburn has gone
to Geneva to attend the preliminary meeting of
the board of arbitrators appointed under the
treaty of Washington.
There are rumors that Henry Bowen, who has
been very strong for General Grant with his two
papers, the Independent and the Brooklyn Un
ion, is going to come out against bis renomi
nation next week.
Fisk ami Gould are going to publish a state
ment in a few days, showing that they have got
possession of a majority of the stock, and hence
do not care whether the Erie directory is re
pealed or not by the legislature.
The Washington Chronicle and the Republican
of yesterday morning are very severe in their crit
icisms of Mr. George Wilkes, and the latter as
serts that he is a disappointed applicant lur the
missions to Mexico and Spain.
Senator Wilson denies very emphatically
having had any coversatioa with a New York
Herald correspondent about public matters, or
expressed to any peison connected with the
Herald the sentiments attributed to him in the
purported interview published in that paper
yesterday.
The coal companies in the Lackawanna val
ley have determined to make no reduction in
wages for the new year, and no suspension of
mining operations is probable.
Abbrrvinlrd 1> ••pole he*.
In Utah, the weather is mild and the roads are
open.
The Chicago board of trade occupies its new
rooms.
The first colored juryman in New York w. s
sworn in on Mondav.
Hem-etui ward regular tioops will garrison
Morro, Cabana, ami Principe forts, Havana.
The removal of the Chicago post office to
Wabash avenue Methodist church i> completed.
The elections in Spain, in which the republi
cans were so successful, was for municipal
councils, not for the cortes
A young girl belonging to Ware, Mass wn
taken charge of hy the New York police, on
Tuesday, ami will be returned home.
The Missouri house has adopted a resolution
favoring RofH*>ou’s suggestions for building
iron ships »m western rivers.
By a railway accident near Sheffield, Eng on
Monday evening, otic man w a» killed and many
injured.
The strike of English telegraphers is begin
ning to break up. I lie employes at one impor
taut point have already resumed w ork.
Spain will send to Cuba this mouth four bat
talions of troops from (he regular army, beside
19,000 ivinfon'cmeiits to follow within one year.
At Tor.mto, the excitement regarding the
prince ol Wales is intense. The papers arc issu
ing extras every hall hour.
The strike of the telegraphers is still kept up.
The business on many lines is greatly delayed,
and the public an* beginning to complain.
Seventeen emigrants -men, women and chil
dren, are reported to have been frozen to death
in Saline comity, Neb., a few days ago.
A mass meeting of the miners in Ophir dis
trict denounced the jumping of claims to de
veloped mines, recommending that the question
thereon be left to the miners.
The excitement concerning the alleged discov
ery of vast coal beds in Chenango countv, N.
V., contintlo. Large sums are expended in ex
plorations. Ihe whole thing, however, is be
lieved to be a humbug of the Cardiff Giant
character.
A Rio Janerio letter of October 6 states that
the difficulty between the president and con
gress of Paraguay, arising Hum the attempted
appointment of un unpopular minister, occurred
in the hall of congress, in w hich the people look
part. Several were killed and wounded. Many
ol the disaffected were formerly with Lopez.
The internationals are extending into New
.Jersey, A circle has been formed at Newark.
I hose released from arrest in New York rave
like madcaps, threaten to prosecute the authori
tiex fur arbitrary imprisonment, and swear to
parade next Sunday at all hazards. The public
sentiment is against them there.
A Raleigh dispatch says both branches of the
legislature held an excited debate upon the re
cent arrests lor alleged kukluxism. The gen
eral assembly yesterday passed a joint resolu
tion authorizing the state attoi uev to apply to
(he nupreme court ofthe United States tor a
writ of habeas corpus to lest the legality of im
prisonment of citizens by military authority.
An Atlantic dispatch says a conflict has arisen
between the legislature and Gov. Conley, Hie
lai ter declining to recognize the right of the.
former to extend the session beyond the legal
forty days, which expired Sunday. Yesterday
the governor removed the United States flag
from Hie capitoi, ami instructed the treasurer
nut to pay the members, it was rumored at
midnight that the president would support the
governor against the legislature. Both houses
meet to-dav.
IIATENT OFFICE BUSINESS inert
can anu Foreign Patents procured,Rejected At
p Ications re-argued; Interference Cases ProeeeuUd;
Opinions given as to the validity and infringement ot
Paicnte and Suite prosecuted and defended iu Ibel.'.H)
Courts, by
'fi'SIOH. kl DOnGK.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of jibe
Bonrd ot Appealß, U. S Patent office.) Counsellor al
Law, and Ad*orate In Patent Cases. Office, Dodgers
Block, eoriicf Park and Portland sts. Worcester.
n 24 ua wit
QLfv ER’S
STOVE STORE,
SHB Mil A STBF.ET OLD 50. «?O
mv24 dff
I’l r Y OF WORC EBTER.
Tn Board of Aldermen, Dec H, 1871.
Whereas, tile City Council, tin ier authority ot an act
of the Legislature etttitb'it "An act concerning sewers
and drama in the Citv of Worcester,'’ approved March
29th. 1567. anil accepted by the voter* of said city April
16, 1867, have adiudged to f>e rieeessary tor the purpose ot
sewerage and drainage and for the public health and eon
venience, and have can ed to he laid out awl cotM meted
nt the expense of the city. Mill Brook Bcw.r, «d called,
front :t point north ot Lincoln Square to Cambridge
Street, >md also certain sewers and drains in the follow
Inc streets, namely Allan, A'.m, Aahlan’. Ash, Auburn
Place. Austin, Beueon. Belmontj Belknap, Benefit, Ben
etit Court, Bart let! I'bue. Bowdoin, Boynton. Bridge.
Burt, Carlton, canal. Cauoh C»vh eway,Ce ar, Central,
eniral Park. Charlton. Chandler, chestnut. Chatham
ciierty. Church. Charles. Clinton, laremo.it Congre^
Corbett, Cottage, Crown Court. Cypre s, Dix, Davis
Ed« n Elm. Eaton Place, Everett, Exchange, Foster,
Foundry- Fountain Fruit, Fill.on, George. Glen. Gold,
Goddard, Gratton. Green. Grove. Gertrude Avenue, liar
yard t'-nrt, Harvard Street, Howard. Harrison, Ham
mond, Hanover, High, lllghhmd. Home, HermulL
Hotichen Av., living. Jackson, John, Kendall. King.
Laurel, Lagrange, Ledge, Lincoln Lincoln Sq Linden,
Linwood Place, Lilly, Libeity, Lovell Court. Mdrtluon,
Main. Manchester, Mamet, May, Mechanic. Millbury,
Mt. PiedsaUt Myrtle N. Ashland, Newbury, Newport.
Oak, Orchard, Oread, thread Place. Orange. Oxford.
Palmer, Park. Pearl, Pih^, Piedmont. Pleasant. Ply
mouth. Providence. Portland. Pfospect, Quincy. Salis
bury, Salem, School, Sever, Southbridgei Sontb Irving.
Sprites. Spring, Slate, Summer, Sudbury. Sycamore,
Thomas. Temple, Trumbull, Tremont, Union, ’ine.
Wa'do, Washington, Wachuset. Warren. Water, Wel
lington, Wed, Wesby, William and Winter Street.
Also, across the estate of the late Ethan Allen, from
Main to Piedmont Street Also, across the land of
Stephen Salisbury, from Salisbury to Highland. Also,
across tin l land of SeWell H. Bowker, et. al., from Ma n
Street to Harvard Court. And tn other Streets and pri
vate lands in said city.
It is therefore Ordered. that hotlee be given to all per
sons and parties owning any real estate upon the streets
in which said .sewers and drains are laid, or upon the Une
hereof, or whose real estate Is benefit ted thereby, that
this Board intend to assess upon said owners their pro
port lona t e share of the expenditure of said ity for said
drains and sewers according to law and the Mayor and
Aidermen will meet in their room in the city Hall on the
iMth dav of December current, at 7V» o’clock p. M.. to
hear any objections which maybe made to -a’d assess
ment; and the City Marshal or his assistant are hereby
ordered to give notice of said meeting to all said persons
and parties, by posting up an attested copy of this order
at the City Hall and Central Exchange, seven days at
least before said meeting, and also by publishing a like
copy three times before--a.d meeting, in the Daily Spy
and Evening Gazette, newspapers printed in said city.
A copy.
Attest SAMI’EL SMITH, City Clerk.
dl2 dTu.TUAS
pI AN OSA N D ORO AN S
WM. SUM SEK Selects and Furnishes all kinds
ofPiarosand Organa from the Factories in New York
and Boston, or from houses in Worcester, if desired.
Call at No. 1 Chatham St. Place, or address by mail.
Orders tor Tuning and Repairing may be left at L. IL
Bigelow’s Book Store. 23» Main at. dTu.Th&Sti n
New steam marble and
STONE WORKS,
Having Introduced machinery into our business,we
are confident that, withour large experience, practical
knowledge, and personal attention, we are prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimmings, Monti
meats. Tablets and Grave stones. Chimney Pieces.
Bracket SJ»lves, Table ami Bureau Tops. Sinks, and
every description of work made from Marine and Slone,
al the lowest cash price.-.
Thankful for past confidence and patronage, we solicit
continuance of the same. TATEUM it HORGAN,
«ltf 131 Central st Worcester. Mass
Hard and white pine timber
Ou band and Sawed to Dimensions.
HARO PINE PLANK. HARO PINE FLOORING
and STEP BOARDS, or sale by
S T H T O N A POPE
Wharf and Dock-First, corner of E street. Office N
mh27 in state -t Borton dlr
0 REEN W< >OB' IN ST ITI T E
S Miles ttom Boston,
ON THE BOTTOM AMI MAINE IC. IC.
This Institution is established for the reception and
treatment of patients suffering from disease or derange
ment of the nervous system, caused by overtaxing the
main, by too M-dentan habits, or the excessive or in
judiciom use of alcoholic or narcotic stimulants.
The terms tor board and treatment are from >ls to s3u
a week, varying according to the accommodation' re
quired for the patients. Incases requiring extraordi
nary care and attention, there will be a proportionate
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed to me at Greenwood, Mass or
at my office in Boston, will be immediately answered.
Patients arc expected to remain such length of time
as may be deemed necessary.
Pavments will be required in advance.
Boston Office—Rooms So. 11 Tremont Temple. Offic
hour' -10 a. m. to 2 o'clock p. m.
ALBERT DAY, M. D.,
Superintendent and Physician.
Greenwood. Auf. 12.1871. deop3#t oik
MTOTIOE is HEREBY (HVENUuit LU
TH EK HILL and others intend to apply to the next
session of the Leglslatuie lor an act of incorporation un
der the name of "The Spence. Hotel Company.” Capi
tai -tock not to exceed one huudred thousand dollars.
LUTHER HILL.
.Spencer, Nov. 10,1871.
COMMONWEALTH oh MASSACHUSETTS.
SECRETARY'S DEPARTMENT. t
Boston. November lit, 1871. I
I approve the publication of the above petition in the
Worcester Daily Spy.
dj di S OLIVER w arm B Rectratarj
N r OTICB is HEREBY GIVEN that LU
THER HILL and otherawill apply to the next ses
sion of the Legislature for a charter lor a railroad from
Spencer Village to the depot of the Boston and Aloanv
Railroad in Spencer. Capital stock not to exceed one
hundred thousand dollars. LUTHER HILL.
Spencer. Nov. 10,1871.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHI SETTS.
Secretary’s Department.
Boston, Nov. 10, Is7l. I
1 approve the publication of the above notice in Hie
Worcester Spy.
OLIVER WARNER, Secretary.
d 2 d4sS
npHE UNDERSIGNED GIVE NOTICE,
A that they Intend to petition the Legislature tbr an
act of incorporation under the name ot the Klnale Island
and Massachusetts Railroad, authorizing the construc
tion of a road from Providence to Worcester.
SAMUEL WALKER.
JONATHAN D. WHEELER.
WM KNOWLTON.
Commonwealth of Massachuuetts.
Secretary's Depaitment. Boston, l>cc. 4,1871.
I approve the publication m the above petition in the
Worcester Spy. .OLIVER WARNER.
di tU’Ttt Secretary,
PR K E 4 CENTS.
Notices.
OHRISTMAH!

WALLETS
I have now In store the bent assort
ment ever exhibited in the state of Mas
aachusetts. They are all madeexpressly
for me; consequently the styles and
prices can be relied upon as being satis
factory.
call is le’pcctfully solicited.
WALLETS.
I.BULY A. WARREN,
Apothecary,
IX BAY STATE HOI SE, WOKCEMTER.
nil) dtf
Sti»ing glat^ints.
rjIHE AMERICAN
BUTTONHOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will doall kiiuts of work <lone by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Overseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Mai'liine Fully Warranted.
JL-Af^Tieaae call and examine Machines and Work, at
334 Main Street.
<Ur I. 11. HTOeKWELL
T HANDSOME PRESENT FOR THE
Holidays!
'The Improved World-Renowned
WHEELER A WILSON’S
SEWING MACHINES
Arc I he best ever ollered to Public Patronage.
They are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make an even and firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
tamllv use. Where can you find a better present for
THANKSGIVING?
It does not oil tli<' work, as all Shuttle Machines do;
t docs not need lobe dripping in oil to run easy, and
therefore no pan is necessary to catch the oil beneath
as in indispensable in most Shuttle Machines In use.
How can you make a better choice for a
CHRISTMAS
Present, than one ut the celebrated Wheeler Wilson’s
Machines? We give you thorough Instructions
at our rooms or house, tree of expense.
Please call before purchasing elsewhere, that as a gill
for
NEW YEAR’S,
you have made a good selection, and be perfectly satis*
tied-. Eveiy Machine warranted, and kept in repair one
year without charge.
BEAL PERCIVAL,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
Office 3-10 Main St., Worcester.
1125 deoptf
yyEED
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite!!
A. E. PECK, Agent,
08 dtf luo Main St.
qpHB
HOWE BEWING MACHINES
AND E. Bl TTERICK CO.’S CELEBRATED PAT
TERNS, f<>r Ladies’, Misses', and Children’s Garments
<if all kinds, and Shirt Patterns nf all sizes, at 86S
Alain St., Worcester. Mass.
1,. Q. NPA VLBING, Agent.
Also. Needles FOR ALL AINDB OF MACHINES, Silk, Ol
Ac. Tuckers, Rustlers, and Corders.
Ji. fr ‘Machines Repaired. dtf apfi
EYBTONE
SEWING MACHINE!
Ellegant, Simple, anti Durable I
K-MT ITCH,
STRAIGHT NEEI»IAS AND SHUTTLE.
Agents Wanted. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
chine Co., 220 Tremont st., Boston.
012 dTu.TliAStf J. C. BROCK. Agent
jyoN KY
TO LOAN!
dtf 1.. A. FUY A
JJARNESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
LINED AND UNLIMED,
WOOL ROKES!
HORSE BLANKETS!
<’IRC INO LES and
WHIPS
A stock equal to any In the city, which wc are selling
at L<>w Prices, at
LAMSOH, GLAZIER 60 S,
117 an X. 9H M4Main st.
K N S T E E L, ft’c*.
The subscribers have constantly on hand a verylsrfi
■ha trunent ui IRON A.MU STEEL of all descrip
tloud Also,
ANVILH, CHAINS,
VISES, NUTS,
BELLOWS. WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES, HORSE SHOES,
HAMMERS, HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES, RASPS.
SPRINGS, TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES,
BEACH SAND, Ac., Ac.
which will be Hold at the lowest prices, at the old atsnr
W ASHLVGTUN SQUARE.
PRATT A INNMAN
Worcester. April 1.18fi«. deoptf apj
IcBO X E 8
MUSIC BOXES
Not only the tinkline, aweet-toned little Music Boxes,
but larger and larger ones, up to immense instruments
that produce.sounds as powerful as tho eof a Piano
forte, and till a house w ith melody Call soon at No. 33
Court st and select, one from the hrge stock, so that it
may CHIME CHRISTMAS or ring the New Year in, in
the ears of vour delighted family.
Violins, Guitars, Elutes, Band Instruments, and a full
assortment of other instruments. Music and Musical
Merchandise, also for sale at the store of
.1, HAYXEN A UO.,
33 Court Opposite the Court House,
j: deopAwlyr
||EADQI A R T K R S
FOR
(ARRIAGE RAKERS SIPPLIES,
COLWELL WINSOR’S,
Nos. D-4- and 90 Canal Street,
PROVIDENCE, R I.
Agents for JONES'S WHEEL.
Agents for WARNkR’S PATENT WHEEL.
Also keep in stock a large assortment of
Spoke-, Springs. Enamel Cloth,
Rims, Axles. Broadcloth,
Shafts, Bolts. Enamel Too Leather
Seats, Mali. Iron, Dasher Leather,
Bows, Circles, Trimming Leather,
Varnishes, Wagon Cushions, Buggy and Express
Bodies, Running Gears. Ac., Ac.
d 7 deop3m
TO RENT—Upper Tenement of 5 rooms, at
No. 1 Madison st. (rent |24 per month), bv
nW dltawtf F. WHIPPLE.
IOVIBTULVB KATEi.
I* Daily Spy— For the "Rquare’ of ten llnca*
agate type, 1 time 75 cts.; each subsequent insertion St
cts.; 1 week |2.75; 2 weeks |4.00; 1 month #*>.oo; 1 year
pO— and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two Unes for one week $1.00; three line fl 25;
our Unes |1.37; five lines f 1.50. Local notices 25 cents
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
Une. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements |i.oo per square for first Inssr
tton; each subsequent insertion 50 cents.
Special positions; In the paper, and special styles nf
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and dnublu
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double nites charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wekkly Spy— First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion SO cents; 3 months |7.00; one
year $25.00.
/lour.
REMOVAL.
O B. HATCH
Hus Removed from
NO. 11 TO NO. 17 CROMPTON S BLOCK,
Two doors East, corner "f Mechanic street and Norwich
and W on-estcr R. R. track. t>> the store formerly occu
pied by the st. Louis Flour Co.
O. L. HATCH,
17 Meclianic Street.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR
From to «10.50 per Barrel.
jy Every barrel Is warranted.
JAMEBM. WELCH, F. F. F. O-,
«lONF.M «V BFI.III,
HSOW FLAKE, EMERALD,
LILY WHIT I!, Ac., Ac.
Also, 500 Barrels of choice hand-picked
WINTER APPLES.
APPLES, APPLES.
Call and see them.
O. I. HATCH,
17 Mechanic Mt ..Crompton's Block.
garbtoart, Atobes, fa.
ESTABLISH ED IN 1825
W. F. WIIKTCDKR,
(Successor to Win, A. Wheeler,) manufacturer of
Mudline, Kailrond. Iron, Bruna, uud Cow
ponitiou
CASTI.W.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROR HAMMERS
Aqueduct, <;a« and Steam Pipe, Wire Maclnnerv and
Annealers, Water Wheels, Elevators, Clay Grinders,
Corn ami Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, Stop
Cocks. Windo Weights. Ac.
Shafting, Mill Work ana Gearing. Forging, Tattcrß
Work and Macliinc Jobbing done to order.
1 HOM AM DTKF.FT.
mhll >ltf Worcester. Maas.
pUKNAOBB
DVNKLEE*B PATENT SUPERIOR
BOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OR AB PORTABLE,
BY
A. RUSSELL CO.,
II« SOUTH BRI I> GE BT., WORt ESTER
Bole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yourselves that it is the best Hot
Air Furnace in the market. liav ing nearly double the
■mount of heating surface, and a vapor pan so arranged
■s t“ supply a pleasant and agreeable heat, free from dust,
•moke and ga*». as the many persons who have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a large and select stock Stoves. Tin. Iron, CopJ
per and Glass ware.
Tin Rooting, Pump Work, and Jobbing of all kind* at'
tended to with neatness and dispatch
A RUSSELL A CO.,
Ro. .'Mi South bridge St.. Worceeter.
myß dtf
©usual.
200,000
HODGFM' A- FOSTER’S
UNEQUALLED CHURCH MUSIC BOOK,
THE SACRED CROWN
Nearly 400 pages of new music, for Singing Schools,
Choirs, Convention-* and the Home Circle Selling
rapidly,—"Praised by everybody
Price, M 1.50; 913.50 per Dos.
THE SILVER SONG,
By W. A. OGDEN.
The most popular Sunday School Music Book of the
season. “Fresh, bright and attractive.’’
Price, .35; 930.00 per Hundred.
A NKW G-LKE BOOK,
THE CRYSTAL.
By F. 11. PEASE.
■‘The best nf w work of its class out.” If von want a
new Glee Book examine the Crystal.
Price. #1.50; 913.50 per Dos.
LEE SHEPARD, Publishers,
dI2 d&w4w BOSXON.
gAUMBACH’S ~N Ew’ COLLECTION
OF
Sacred Music.
Those who have been anxiously wait inn for its appear
ance may now send their enters; and not one will »e dis
appointed in the quality of music. Te Deums, Benedi
ci’ea. Responses, Glories, Anthems Solos, Duets, sen
tences, and a’l flr>t class.—none better. Large, clear,
legible type, a great recommendation.
Price'in cloth. J 2.50; boards, f2.OU. Sent, post-paid,
on recipt of retail price.
O DIVE IC DITSON A’ (0.,
d!2 (lit Boston.
E. H. W A T ERM AN
TeHcher of Pianoforte,
n 22 dim* 87 Thomas street,
AS. ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner and
Music Teacher. Rooms at L. G<>rbam A Co. s,
454 Main st. Order Slates may also oe tound with B. D.
Allen. 41 Pleasant st., and at 8. Story's Jewelry Es
tablishment. dtf f2l
WALLETS.
QHICKERING SONS’
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES,
An<l upon tlio Most Favorable
Terms of Payment.
We invite the attention of persons Intending to pur
chase Pianos, to our New Illustrated Catalogue, giving
mil descriptions of Styles and Prices, and the terms on
which we sell to those desiring to make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send lor a Catalogue.
CHICKERING SONS,
354 Washington St., Boston.
U East 14th St.. New York.
nil dAwim
Y FINE LOT OF
Pianofortes and Organs
TO RENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
444 MAIN ST.
RICHARDS, METCALF CO.,
dtf SPY BLOCK.
IJWNING, POLISHING 4 K EPAIRING
PIANO FOKTES.
We respectfully announce to the public that we have
secured tne valuable seivices o! Mr. WM. C. ELLIS, of
Boston, who has for the past eighteen years been con
nected with one 6f the largest Manufactories in the
State. Mr. Ellis, as a thorough workman and practical
mechanic, bears a reputation second to none in the
country. Hl» Tuning, Repairing, &c., in every instance,
gives entire satisfaction; aud in connection with a ftrst
claes Polisher, old Pianos are made as good as new, for a
very low price.
Please call and examine work at Repair Room.
444 Main M., WorceUer. Spy Block.
821 dtf RICHARDS. METCALF A CO
QNLY 50 CENTS
TO SECURE A BUSINESS
Saving tYoin $5 to $lO per day. Five Samples of our Dif
•fent Good:, al new. light and saleable, sent post-paid
to Ag nu» 'or only 50 cents Suitable for laujes or gen
tlemen to sell. Address Nbw Lnglamd Novbltx
Agbxct, No. 3 Asylum st., Hartford, Ct, dim uW