"AM3 3S jPRKSB.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1871.
CITY AND VICINITY
Itiew r**D"T’
AUCTION COLUMN.
Manufacturers’ Sale—F. O. Bailey Co.
•dl*If*'LAi. COLUMN*
Solargraph-A- M. Mclienuey.
vNTKKTAINMKNI OOt-UMN.
Thanksgiving Bail—Lancaster Hall.
Swedcub irgian Society—! ostry High St. Church.
!IK» aOTKKTISEMBNT OOldJMJt.
Internati 'nal In Co.—W. 11. Little Co.
Now Ready—Lorlng Thurston.
-H-o! icoa-ito—n« -recC. Hobbs.
Wanted—Competent Girl.
Nexual Science—Atwell Oc Co.
To Lot—Edward S. Lewis.
Wan’ed—Giimi Cook.
Found—Pockot Book.
MuiMirior Court.
NOVEMtlEU CIVIL TEHM, LANE, J., PIIESIOISO.
Monday—In the caBe of Charles Sager vs. City of
Portland, the jury returned a verdict for the plain
tiff for $173. Defendants tile motion foe new trial.
A. A. Stronc. Symouds Libby.
Charlotte D. Benson vs. Grand Trunk Railway.—
Trespass for an alleged assault by a servant of De
fendants in one of their first-class passenger cars up
on the plaintiff, who was a passenger therein, on the
23th of January last. The plalntill’s story in sub
stance is as follows: I reside in Chelsea, Mass.; on
the 23th of January last 1 bought a ticket at Chelsea
ilc]iot for Paris, via Oran-1 Trunk Railway; on ar
riving at Oxford, this side of South Paris, the Con
ductor came to take my ticket, and nu I passed It to
him, I sal t, “this is good for West Paris, is it?” He
s .id, “no it is not." I sai-1, “I was told it was g-Mxl
for both South and West Palis. He sai l, “you lit,
nobody ever told you so.” 1 sai l, several persons told
me they rode on a ticket of this kind to West Paris.”
He said, “Madam, you lie, no one ever told you so,
you are trying to rile for nothing;” and ho put his
lists very near my face, and said, “1*11 put you ofl
from the car.” During this time 1 was in search of
my pocket-book, which 1 then found and ]>aid him 45
cento for my faro. All this happened before I got to
South Paris.
Mrs. Irish, who was iu the seat with Airs. Benson,
corroborated the above.
Addison A. J.atham. who was the conductor of the
train, testified, that upon going through the train, af
ter leaving Portland, he came to this woman, whom
he then did not know; she hud a ticket to Paris, at
tached to which was a eoui»on, which should have
boon taken by the conductor on the Boston road; he
checked the ticket to Pans—not touching the coui»oii,
ami passed it hack; after leaving Danville Junction
he look up the ticket, passing her back the coupon of
the Boston road; after leaving South Paris be passed
through to collect the fares, uud she passed him the
Boston coupon. The conductors account of the affair
thereafter wards was as follows: I said to her, that is
not g.Kxl for the Grand Truhk.” She said, “yon have
t aken my ticket that carries me to West Pails; 1
said, “you ore mistaken, there is no ticket sold from
Boston to West Paris, and never has been since the
road was built;” she then said, “the agent where I
purchased the ticket told me it woul l be g >od for
West Paris;” 1 said, “you must be mistaken;” she
said slie had been to West Paris on these tickets; said
I, “not with me;” she said, “my mother anl father
have been with you on these tickets to West Paris;”
I then said, “I believe you to be a lying woman;”
she had before this refused to pay her fare a number
of times. All this took place between South and
West Paris; I ha:! no conversation with her beforenr
riving at South Paris; she pni l me 45 cents fare to
West Paris; I never shook my list in her face, nor did
1 threaten to put her from the train.
Damages claimed, $500. Testimony and arguments
concluded.
Alvah Black. Bands.
The following decisions have been received from the
law court:
William Bradley vs. James H. Lombard. Excep
tions overruled.
Bradbury. Reed.
Cobb.
Adoniram J. Dearborn vs. Mary A. Morse. Excep
tions sustained.
Frank. Carleton.
Maairipal Court.
JUDGE M.OHIUS PRESIDING.
Monday—Ovil Miller vs. Thomas Smith and Trus
tees. Assumpsit on account for watch sold defend
ant for $8. Defeuce, minority. Judgment for de
fendant.
Peabody. Hopkins.
John Neal al. vs. Solomon Matthias al. As
sumpsit for professional services. Defence—Services
not rendered as chargod iu plaintiff’s bill and tender
of $3. Judgment for plalutift for $2 and costs.
Neal Son. Peabody.
Robinson.
Thomas Donahue vs. Marlin Flaming m. Assump
sit for labor informed, $9.09. Defence—Non-i>er
f-trmance of labor according to contract. Judgment
for plaintiff for $2.25 and costs.
Bradbury Bra-1 bury. Carleton.
New entries, 8; defaults, 10; continued, 4.
Brief Jolting*.
The forenoon service of the First Baptist
Church will be resumod next Sabbath.
Free street Church is to have a new organ to
cost $3000. Their old one has been sold to a so
ciety in Buxton.
A trial of the patent Fire Extinguisher, for
which Mr. Henry Taylor is agent, and of the
new chemical Fire Engine will coiuc off at the
Reform School Wednesday morning, between
8 and 9 o'clock.
The staging lias been removed from the spire
of the new Congregational meeting-house at
Woodford's Corner, and its tine proportion# rise
above the surrounding tree tops.
Atlantic Lodge, L O. G. T., will give a public
entertainment next Tuesday evening.
The quarterly session of Cumberland County
Lodge of Good Templars will be held with Sea
side Lodge of Cape Elizabeth to-morrow, com
mencing at 10 o’clock.
There will be a public ttmperance meeting
at tbe Pond Cove school houst Friday evening
tbe 24th tafct. Addresses are to be delivered
by Rev. B. F. Pritchard, It-v. Mr. Freeman
and others. If stormy on Friday evening the
meeting will take place on Monday evening.
City Affair*.
A special mooting of Board of Mayor and Al
derman was held yesterday afternoon.
Moses Morrill and John W. Peck were drawn
us grand jurors and Charles W. Gilkey and
Joseph If. Webb as petit jurors for the Decem
ber term of the U. S. District Court.
The petition of Charles H. Frost for license
to keep a junk store was granted.
Petition of Efizabetli Chase for compensa
tion for personal injuries received in January,
1K70, by reason of a defect on Green street, was
referred to Committee on Judicial Proceedings.
An order was passed directing the City Treas
urer to biro on a term of years, a sum not ex
ceeding $14,000, the same to be used in pay
ment for the farm contiguous to Evergreen
Cemetery and to be added to it Purchased of
Storer Libby.
Petitiou of Gorham Powder Co., for permiss
ion to transport powder through Commercial
street, by oars of the Grand Trunk Hallway Co.,
was laid on the table with a request to the City
Solicitor to revise the ordinance in such manner
as to moot such cases.
Tub Temple Quartette Concert.
The fourth entertainment in the People’s
course, a concert by the famous Temple Quar
tette of Boston, was given at City Hall last
evening. It was expected that this concert
would prove one of the most successful of the
season, and the expectation was fully realized.
Although the audience was not as large as
might reasonably have been expected, yet this
iu no way effected the character of the enter
tainment, which was thoroughly enjoyable in
every particular. We scarcely know how to ai
lude iu fitting terms to the splendid singing of
the Quartette, which came fully up to the high
anticipations that had been formed in regard to
it. Nearly all the selections received an eucore,
but the gem of the evening was decidedly the
hymn-chant entitled “Kemcmber now thy
Creator,” which was rendered in a faultless
manner, and held the audience spell-hound to
the close. Miss Stone was iu fine voice, and
received an enthusiastic encore for her fine
rendering of the beautiful ballad, Tis even
ing brings my heart to thee,” in response to
which she gave a pleasing little ballad, which
was heartily applauded. Mr. Fessenden pos
sesses a fine clear voice, and apppeared to great
ad vantage. Altogether it was one of the best
concerts given in this city this season. The
closing entertainment will be given on Monday
evening next, consisting of dramatic readings
by Mrs. Louise W. Foss. The manager lias al
so engaged Signorini Antonini, the wonderful
child violinist,only 10 years of age,and other tal
ent is to lie announced hereafter. The price of
admission will be only 25 cents.
The following articles have been received at
the Female Orphan Asylum, No.24 State street,
since Jan. 1st, 1871, viz:
One piece of scarlet flannel, Lane Little;
remnants dry goods, J. m. Dyer Co.; a l>bl.
molasses, Geo. S. Hunt; hardware, D. F.
Kmcry; a crib and inattrass, Walter Oorey
.V0* L1"2 d$eii VF°°,nH> Tboimw S. SiinniM*; 1A0
lbs. nsh, W. s Dana; medicines Geo. W. Wa
terhouse; peaches. Win. Allen, Jr -rras fixtures
W. B. Gould ami others; a cCk w Xsd
room, a cradle, vegetables, fruit, cake candy1
books, toys and childrens clothing. J’
For the above which was most acceptable,the
managers return their thanks to the various
donors, anil liojie the asylum may still be re.
meinbered by many friends.
Westurook Seminarv.—-The Fall examina
tion at this institution will take place or
Wednesday of this week, followed by an oxhi
bitiou on Thursday evening. We have not seei
the prescribed order for the occasion.
The Providence Washington Insurance Co
pays dollar for dollar for premiums paid iu oi
policies and renewals. This is the first compa
ny in the country that has offered to do tliis.
fjee Luring Thurston’s advertisement,
Ail Explanation.
We are obliged to apologize for the xnixtui
of old and new type in our columns this morr
ing, but it is forced upon us by an unfortunat
occurrence. For several weeks we have bee
preparing a new dress for the Press and ha
fixed upon Friday of this week as the time fc
assuming it. Yesterday, however, the forms c
one side of our weekly edition were aecidentl
thrown into pie, and as the time between tli
old and new was too short to sort the mass an
reset the matter with profit, we were forced t
put our new tpye in use, though our arrange
ments were incomplete. It will require som
days to make the transformation of the pape
complete; we make this explanation in justice t
the mechauical department of the establish
me lit
School Committee.—The November meet
ing of the School Committee was held last eve
iiing. Dr. Shatter, from the Committee on thi
Fourth Grammar School reported that Mis
Amanda I. Bootliby had been placed in tlia
school as additional assistant.
A communication was received from the Di
rectors of the Public Library, tending dupli
cate copies of any books of reference in the li
brary to the School Committee for the use o
High School.
The Chairman stated that he had read, tli
communication and as it|involved the question o
lid formation of a new library for the liig]
School and also the question of its care and su
perintendence.
After discussion, it was voted to refer the
communication and the whole subject of the
libraries was referred to a special committee
who sliall report a plan of action by the board
Bill to the amount of $4,670.1)0 were present
ed and ordered to be paid.
The bill of Rev. Mr. Root for instruction ir
drawing was ordered to be paid. Adjourned.
Fire.—The alarm of fire this morning, a'
12.45, came from the blacksmith shop at th<
head of Central Wharf, owned by Hon. John
Lynch, and occupied by Samuel Avery. Tin
building having been occupied twenty years,
was as dry as tinder and the fire spread to every
part of the building almost as instantaneously
as if saturated with kerosene, and in a moment
threatened the surrounding buildings. But the
prompt presence .of the lire department and
their efficient work when on the spot got the
fire under control so quickly as to save anothei
wooken building almost joined. The building
itself was rendered quite worthless. Mr. Avery
litut niMirlxr oil liw t.w\1a liiu Ivuilu linnii u liii li
were the charges of the season, amounting tc
$500, several sets of wheels aud other stock, so
that his loss cannot be less than $15(10 au.l per
haps more, upon which there is no insurance.—
Mr. Avery employed three men aud was doing
a good business. Mr. Lynch’s loss was esti
mated at $1000. No insurance.
The Univeusalist Fair.—The fair and se
ries of entertainments which the members of
of India street Universalist Society have prom
ised their friends will open to-day at their new
church edifice, corner of Congress and India
street. We have no knowledge of the pro
gramme excepting that for tliis evening but are
entirely willing to take the efforts of the ladies
of the parish on trust. They have the ability
and will try aud please their friends, and we
hope that they will receive a very liberal pat
ronage and count up great gains at the close.
Observe the advertisements.
A Heme for Aged and Indigrmt Mm.
Mu. E*itok. -The suggestion in the Press
of a Home lor Aged, Indigent Men is timely,
aud “Pb'l” deserves public thanks forgiving
so prailical a turn to the discussion of tl cir
cumstances ol the late Mr. Morgan.
The Managers of ihs Home for Aged Wo
men, it it believed, have made wise provision
tor its future requirements, in the spaciousness
of their new mansion. Why no', if their house
'S larger than their present needs, make a j dot
affair, and receive into their home aged men
likewise? Should ths experiment prove un
satisfactory, theio will have at least scorned
from it the advantage ol relieving an immedi
ate want until a separate establishment can be
provided But it will not prove unsatisfactory,
because it will setvo to keep together, so long
as they both do live, such married couples as
may bo objects ol such a charily; aud it will
afford sucb society to single men as alone wid
render the ftlace worthy the name ol Home.
_ r.
K iplaiaaflaa .Tutor.
Portland, Nov. 18, 1871.
Mr. Editor: -In jour paper appears the lol
lowing:
Explanation called for.—The rea-on why
train No 1 on the P. O It. It. 1 a? ed the
Eist Baldwin Station ou Wednesday, Nov. 15
without -topping for passengers and mail from
own 111 UllU^lUII ituu IU lll»5 U I ultimo UI
parties inicreeted. Sufebulr.
Souib Uridgou, Nov. 16, 1871.
Eist Baldwin is, and always has been a Flag
Station at which trains do not stop unless sig
uallel by some one at tho station, or to leave
passengers. Trains are run slow by these sta
tions so as to take oo or put i fl' the m ills il
there are any. This system has always been
used by railroals in this viciuity. On ilie day
iu questiou, I am assured by the employees oo
No. 1 train that it paste l East Bildwiu very
slow, aud that there was no sigual at the s'.a
tion, aud that tl-eie was no person at the sU
tion or in sight, cous- qgently the train ui f not
come to a lull stop. J. Hamilton,
Snpt. P. O K K.
Tns new hark “Oasis" lying at Central
Wharf is the product of the well known firm
of Briggs Gusbiog, Freeport, and it owned
by the builders nod Capt. It. S. Randal’, who
commands her. She measures 1105 ton*, but
for convenience aud economy iu management
is rigged as a lurk. A look at her shows that
sbe is as well finished and substantial in cote
struct on as sbe is graceful iu model, and con
tiins every modem improvement, some o
them being entirely new and peculiar. Six
has bteu chartered t load at New York foi
Callao.
The Great Concert.—The Haydn Associa
tion have nearly completed the arrangement*
for their great concert next month in conjunc
tion with the celebrated Theodore Thomas Or
chestra of fifty-one pieces, which is to perform
the accompaniments to the Oratorio of the Crea
tion. This will be one of tlio greatest and most
expensive concerts ever given in this State ami
we doubt not one of tlio best over given in any
part of the country.
Lancaster Hall will be occupied ouThanks
giving evening by a merry group of dancers,
with music by Raymond and an able corps o!
managers._
fllSCIil.liANGOl'S lYOTICi:*.
Closing out—Knit hoods, choice for 50 cent:
at Fitzgerald Co.'s.
Messrs. C. R. Chisholm Co., Grand Trunk
d -pot, have received all the periodicals for De
Oiinbcr, and all the new novels lately publish
ed. __
Closing out—Ladies silk ties for 25 cents, al
colors, at Fitzgerald Co.’s.
All the best hotels are using the llallord
and the guests declare it the choicest relish.
Fluent Hall-This evening w inderfu
sod a toiiiehiug experiments in Electro-Bijlo
gy by Proi. Stone.
Closing out—Six papers of John English .S
Ca’s pin stuck needles for 25 cents at Fitzger
aid Co.’s._
Go to Fluent's Hall to-night aud w'tm ei
tbc astonishing aud amusing expeiiinents to
Piol. Slone.
L.«(uni'ui/inaui oiiivnrc ancuwfl iuc n
mrots being peitormed by Prof. Stone everj
evening at Fluent Hall.
Sixteen bone German corsctts in sizes 17
and from 24 to 32 inches for 58 cents each a
Fitzgerald Co.’s.
The attention of those running sewing ma
chines is called to the Hr. Hall treadle which i:
highly commended and can be applied to al
kinds of .machines. Mr. (J. 0. Hobbs, No. 1:
Market Square, is agent. See advertisement.
Gent’s Uuder tl.ium.ls, in great variety o
styles and prices.
Geoeoe W. Rich Co ,173 Fore St.
A NIC.! assortment of winter styles of Hut
and Gaps at low prices cs.n be found at
17ililiv Maher Go’s.,opp. P. O.
Messes Goring, Short Harmon have jus
received au elegant lit e if Lowell Brett’
Iuiii'l »bd Freuah Papers comprising man;
new styles and patio-cB.
OtJtt SI.75 All Wool Coats aic going rapidly
Don’t fad to get one.
Geo. W. Rich Co.,
novll st&t 173 F"'c St’
Periodic AES.—The Atlantic Monthly, On
Young Folks and Peterson’s National Magazm
for December have boon received anil arc ft
sale at the book stores of Messrs. Bailey an
Noyes, and H. L. Davis, Exchange street; Loi
ins, Short Harmon and Augustus Robinsot
I under Falmouth Hotel, also at the school-bool
i music and periodical store of E. C. Andrew
No. 3<> Center street, and at tho book and per
i odical depot of Messrs. Fessenden Bros., Lai
castor Hal),
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
MAINE.
I.AUJTCHED.
r Bath, Nov. 20.—Launched on Saturday froir
f the yard of Charles V. Minot, of Pliippsburg
r a thoroughly built and finely modelled thro#
masted schooner of 223 tons, named the Seno
1 ra. She is owned by the builders and is* to be
commanded by Cupt. Thomas B. Glover, ol
Rockland.
FIRE IN' AUGUSTA.
Augusta, Nov. 20.—This morniug about 1(
o’clock a lire broke out in this city in Shaw ik
Grafton’s planing and tannery mill caused by
the friction cf a circular saw, but it was put out
by an engine in that building before the city fire
department arrived.
WASHINGTON.
_
of €i)!!ccti)r illurphy.
The Letters of the Ex-Collector aud
President Grant.
Washington, Nov. 20.—The following is the
correspondence between President Grant and
1 Murphy on the resignation of the latter as Col
lector of the Port of Now York.
Custom House, N. Y., Collector’s Office, j
Nov. is, 1811. j
To the President:—I hereby tender my
resignation of the office of Collector of the port
of New York, to take effect upon the appoint
ment of iny successor. You arc aware that
during the period 1 have held this important
trust, and because 1 have held it I have been
subject to persecution, which,for persistent mis
representation aud unrelenting vindictiveness,
has fortunately but few parallels in the history
of political strife.
Throughout this somewhat trying ordeal 1
have been sustaining,however by the conscious
ness of my own rectitude and by the fact that
during my ofiiciaL term 1 have enjoyed unin
terruptedly and still claim your confidence, un
diininished by the vituperation of my accusers.
For the manner in which the duties of the office
have been performed I take pleasure in refer
ring to the judgment of my official supervisor,
the Secretary of the 'Treasury and to the fig
ures of the record iu the Treasury Department,
which show how the revenue has been collect
ed and with what diminished percentage of
cost. Unless your attention has boon called to
this record, 1 beg you will refer to it. Ground
less as the aspersions cast upon me arc and as
fully as they have been refuted before more
than one tribunal, I am conscience that my
continuance in office will ue niaue a pretext
and occasion for assaults calculated to injure
you and the Republican party, and ratlicr than
incur such a hazard, 1 relinquish my position
even h i l it been coveted, which you know it
was not, wheu i was appointed. 1 believed I
could render service by accepting it. Now 1 be
lieve that 1 can render service by resigning it
and 1 gladly embrace the opportunity in sever
ing my political relations with the government.
Under these circumstances I may also properly
refer to the gratifying result of the recent elec
tions in this State, which leave the control of
its affairs substantially in the hands of the
government party of progress and reform of
which you are the acknowledged head, and for
the success of which it will ever be my pride
and duty to labor.
I am, Dear Sir, with high respect,
Your obedient servant,
Thomas Murphy.
Executive Mansion, Washington, D. C., Nov.
120th. 1871.
To the Hon Thomas Murphy Collector of the
port-/ New York:
Dear Sir:—Your letter of the lSfclitendering
your resignation of the office of collector of the
port of New York with the reasons therefor, is
received.- It gives me great pleasure to boar
testimony to the efficiency, honesty, and zeal
with which you have administered the office so
long as it has boon entrusted to your keeping.—
Your own peace of mind, no doubt, will be
enhanced by leaving the office of Collector, but
I doubt whether such a course will he in any
sense a benefit to the public service. Under
your administration the revenues from the
New York Custom House have been largely in
creased and the cost of collection in proportion
to the amount collected has greatly diminished,
this is show by the records of the department
You have had my unqualified confidence ever
since you entered the office as Collector. You
had that confidence before or the appointment
would have not be en made. That confidence
is still unshaken, and in accepting your resig
nation, I desire to give you the fullest assur
ance of this fact, whether you remain in or out
of office. Time will convince a just public of
your entire innocence of the charges brought
against you.
With great respect, your ob’t sor’vt,
^T. S. Grant,
NEW YOKES.
Tweed’s savings banks.
New York, Nov. 20.—Willf&m M. Tweed
denies that he is connected with the Bowling
Green Savings Bank, tie admits being presi
dent of the Guardian Savings Bank hut has had
nothing to do with its management He says
its vice-president hail place 1 .‘0,000 worth of
real estate at tine command of the bank to ena
ble it to meet its engagements. Hank Smith, a
Tammanv Republican, vice-president of the
National Savings Bank, states that all its de
mands will be promptly met ton lav.
The Times savs that Edward Schell bos lieen
appointed by .Tudg Barnard l\■ i' of the
National Savings Bank and will take, posses
sion to-day. It is believed that this bank, the
Guardian and Bowling Green Banks will meet
all claims of the depositors. It is doubtful if
either resumes business again.
various matters.
xirmj vi. oicuwiun
Commissioner.
Tho Committee on the reorganization of the
Viaduct Railway Company has now received
the resignation of all the directors.
The eighth animal meeting of the Dartmouth
College Alumni Association of this city will
take place at Delmonicp's on the lirst Tuesday
in December.
Twenty-three additional cases of small-pox
have been reported since Saturday noon.
The Executive Committee of the Committee
of Fifty appointed to investigate the charges of
freuds in the Brooklyn city government, has
requested the common council to furnish such
facilities as will enable the committee to accom
plish its purposes.
Proceedings in bankruptcy have been com
menced against the Guardian Savings Bank.
MAYOll HALL A REFORMER.
The Evening Post says that it i.* assured that
Mayor Hall’s course as shown in the appoint
ment of Green as Comptroller and in other acts,
indicate that he has resolved to surrender en
tirely to the reform movement and to appoint
to all vacancies men heartily approved by the
leading reformers.
RECEPTION OF THE GRAND DUKE.
It appears that the reception committee of
the Grand Duke did not go to the lower hay in
the steamer Mary Powell, but met the Russian
fleet coming up under the escort of the Ameri
can fleet The Grand Duke has accepted a
public reception for to-morrow, until which
time he remains on hoard the Svetland.
A VALIANT CHAPLAIN.
Rev. Job G. Boss, of Brooklyn, ex-Chaphlln
of the IT. 8. A., was waylaid last night l>y two
negroes who drew knives and demanded his
money or his life. The old man defended him
self with a stout cane and succeeded in driving
oil his assailants after having crippled one of
them by a blow of Jiis stick.
TWEED WILL GET CLEAR.
The Tribune to-morrow will contain a state
ment that Charles O’Connor says that though a
flaw in the indictment, Tweed will escape pun
ishment.
THE NEW COLLECTOR.
Gon. Chester A. Arthur, the newly appointed
collector, is understood to he a friend of Mur
phy, and was appointed at his request. He m ils
formerly a Brevet Brigadier General of volun
teers. _
AB DI OUNIA.
THE STAGE ROBBERS.
San Francisco, Nov. is.—John Brown, Lodi
Brown aiul J»hu Houx, the Soronuv stage .rob
bers ami murderers, are held for trial. Houx
turned State’s evidence and says that there
were nineteen in the gang, but on was killed
in a recent attack on a stage. The officers are
in pursuit of the remainder of the gang.
SEVERE GALE.
A severe gale was experienced on the north
ern coast on Monday. Tho steamer John S.
Stephens narrowly escaped being wrecked. The
United States steamer Sherhreek was driven
ashore and badly damaged at Astoria.
THE HOW12S CASE.
T!. .Mn./inir it. Mia llnnrad *•,»11 icul will
ease shows that tlie testator was for years a nu>
uomanie oil the subject of money and his wife,
accnsiug her of the most infamous crimes and
an attempt to poison him without tlie slightest
reason, compared himself with Jesus Christ
and imagined himself the greatest hen 'factor
of the human rase. The general opinion is
that the will will be broken.
M ASS A C IS r BITS.
ESCAl'F. OF SCOVNDUELS.
Lowell, Nov. 20.—Chapman S. Ricker,
charged with the seduction of his sister-in-law.
MarvJ. Richardson, at West Chelmsford, and
Dr. A. M. Ballard of this city, accused with
liavin" made an abortive operation, are both
missing. Kicker left on Friday ami I>r. Ball
aid on Saturday. Dr. Ballard was passed on
the street three times by a State constable who
knew him, with a warrant ill his pocket for his
f arrest, hut for some reason it was not soived.
NEBRASKA.
GREAT SNOW STORM—TIIAXA'T SNOWED VP.
f Omaha, Nov. 20.—The sleet and .snow storm
which commenced here on Friday noon contin
ued until Sunday morning. It extended oyei
tlie whole country from the Rocky Mountains
t to tho Missouri liver. Everything is covered
with a coating of heavy ice, covering tlie wire
and causing the downfall of telegraph lines
The Union Pacific trains are snow-bound a!
different points between Cheyenne amt Omaha.
The storm is still more severe in Southern ami
Western Colorado.
TEIiECSKAPSIIC ITEMS:
Four burglars were seiiUmeed to five yean
each in state prison at Springfield, Ohio, Sat or
r day.
i The opening of flic Sugar River Railroad ist(
r lie observed by a jubilee at Newport, N. H.
next Monday.
1 A gang of live hoys stole $200 worth of re
velvet's, knives, etc.', from a gunshop in Con
cord N. H., Sunday night. Three of the lioyi
have been taken and part of the property.
H Denny-Morse, Monday, fell tire storiei
throU"h til.'' scuttle of Newell Lovojov’sst no
Devonshire stivet, Boston, without brca«m|
hones and retaining ins senses fiifl will pf'dig
lily recover
FOREIGN.
SPAIN.
THE CRISIS.
Madrid, Nov. 20. —'The debates In the Cortes
during the past week and their unexpected re
sult in the resignation of the newly formed
ministry causes great agitation in this city and
the provinces. The Republican Deputies to the
Cortes have issued a circular advising their sup
porters throughout the country to quiet and ad
vising the inaiatainance of public order.
THE STRIKES.
In the meantime labor troubles continue. The
bakers and dyers in Valencia obstinately main
tain the strike and use such threatening demon
strations that reinforcements have been sent to
the garrison.
TROOPS FOR CUBA.
A transport sails from Cadiz on the 30tli with
fresh troops for Cuba.
FRANCE:.
THE FRENCH ARMY.
Paris, Nov. 30.—It is expected that before
the end of January, 1872, France will have ten
army corps completely organized c.ud fully sup
plied with improved arms and posted at the
great military eeutres of the country.
NOT MUCH OF A CHANGE.
The editor of the journal Pore Duchesne has
been court-martialed and sentenced to hard
labor for life. Vermesch and Vnellnuiue were
sentenced to death for contumacy.
AUSTRIA*
MILITARY SERVICE.
Berlin, Nov. 20.—The Reichstag has sanc
tioned the extension of the North German law
making military sendee compulsory on all to
Bavaria.
GREAT BRITAIN.
TWO. SHIPS SUNK BY A COLLISION.
London, Nov. 20.—There is a report from
Liverpool this morning of a terrible disaster in
th» Mersey. Two ships ran into each other
with such violence that both tilled and sunk al
most instantly. As far as at present known all
hands were lost. The names of the vessels
have not been ascertain id.
SUSPENSION OF NEGOTIATION’S.
The Standard’s report of the suspension of
negotiations between England and France for
the modification of the commercial treaty is
fully confirmed.
THE QUEEN ACCUSED OF INTEMPERANCE.
John Gribbie, Secretary of die Total Absti
nence Society of Brixham. publicly accuses the
Queen of intoxicatiou. The charge causes a
great uproar and the local authorities have al
ready commenced legal proceedings against the
man who made it.
RADICAL DEMONSTRATION.
A large radical nv^ctiiur. attended bv 4000
people, was held at Bristol last evening. C lias.*
\V. Djlke addressed the assemblage. There
was iiiueh uproar an l fighting, and the band
prevented from playing th national anthem,
Fona^ji Items.
The origin of the recent tin* in Geneva is to
bo investigated, the agents of the internationals
being suspected.
A crisis is imminent in the Turkish ministry
a id a general demoralization complained of in
every department of the Government.
W YOMiNG.
REPEAL OK T1IE WOMAN’S SUFFRAGE ACT.
Cheyenne, Nov. 17.—The final vote has been
reached in the House on the bill to repeal the
woman’s suffrage law. Yeas, all Democrats,
nays, 3; Republican**. The bill comes up in the
council in a day or two.
MICHIGAN.
SHIPWRECK AND LOSS OF LIFE.
Detroit, Nov. 20.—The schooner Twilight
was wrecked on the 15th ilist, off Port au Bres
tpie. Six persons were lost.
HKKTPOROLOGIIAL.
SYNOPSIS OF WEATHER REPORTS FOR THE PAST
TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
War Dep’t, Office Chief Signal)
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Nov. 20 (7.00 P. M.) I
Probabilities—The barometer will probably
fall on Tuesday with itortli*. asterly winds and
threatening weather on the Gulf coast and par
tially cloudy and pleasant weather in the inte
rior of the Gulf States. The area of the low
est pressure will probably move southeastward
through Canada with westerly winds, a falling
barometer and threatening weather in New
York and New England, a rising barometer and
rainy weather from Virginia to Lake Huron
and westward and brisk but not dangerous
winds from southwest on Lake Eric. Caution
ary signals continue this evening at Grand
Haven and are ordered for Oswego.
TGLEGR.lPiBIC ITEMS.
An easterly rain storm prevailed in New York
Monday forenoon.
T. M. Dexter’s private residence, near Ra
venswood, L. I., was destroyed by tire on Sat
urday, with the furniture and valuable library.
Loss $ii(),G00.
The Methodist church at Great Bend, Pa.,
was burned on Saturday night Loss $18,000;
insured for $2000.
Judge Dowling, of New York, has sentenced
two proprietors of kono establishments each
six mouths in the penitentiary and a line of
$250.
An unknown schooner was accidentally run
into on Saturday morning on the Hudson River
by a tug-boat which was towing a number of
canal boats. After getting clear some person
on the sehooneifi re 1 a rifle-shot, fatally wound
ing a man on one of the canal boats named Jas.
Hill.
A German named Martzell BufHor, residing
at Union Hill, N. J., while firing at a target,
accidentally tired the contents of his rifle into
hts jaw, causing death in about »*.i hour. Al
though deprived of speech, the dying man
wrote his will, auu declared the disaster to be
accidental.
special to the New York Telegram tells a
ridiculous story about a gathering of the anti
Grant Republicans.
The story that Horace Greeley is to succeed
Sweeney as oue of the Park Commissioners is
repeated.
Judge Barnard issued a mandamus Monday
commanding the New York canvassers to count
the vote for Aldermen, but the canvassers ad
journed without regarding it.
Comptroller Connolly has resigned and Mr.
Green lias been appointed his successor.
Michael McCarty was instantly killed in
Providence, R. I., Monday, by the breaking of
a packing ring in a hydraulic press, one of the
pieces striking him in the head.
Several ears loaded with stock were smashed
on the Ohio and Mississippi Railway, Sunday.
The Worcester city government lun accepted
the plan of Randolph Rogers for a soldiers’
monument and appropriated $35,000 in addition
to $15,000 subscribed.
Hereafter the duties will he remitted on
blankets an l clothing from Canada for the
Western sufferers, and tlita will only extend to
Jan. 1st.
The Southern States are taking measures to
secure the refunding of the cotton tax paid, and
Gov. Brown, of Tennessee, Monday laid a mes
sage before the legislature advising action.
The officers of the National Labor Reform, of
New York, publish a card stating that the
Washington convention culled Dee. 5th, is by a
self-constituted and officious committee which
they denounce.
ivoTiCK#.
Srnd your sleighs to Chase’s, No. 7 Casco
stieet, auJ have them put in order for use.—
All kinds of rcpaiiiug on sle’ghs and carriages
doue at short Lo;iee. iuvl3eod2w
Jon Printing.- Scud your orders for Job
Printing to the Daily Press Printing House
where they will be promptly attended to at the
owest possible rates. YV.n. M. Marks.
Fellows’ Compound Strop of Hypophos
phitrs.— Clergyman who were obliged to with
draw Irom the pulp'fc on account of Clergy
men's Sore Tbroa’, hive :o.:overed by using
this iuvahnible preparation, and are low
preaching again. ui
Taw NoviiLTY Stork will open Thursday, at
307 Oongms Si.,».ear Drown St., ami will fo’1
foe mx days on'y, a due selection ol Foreign
and AiU'iican Chromos, clegiutly trannd.
A'so tine God, Silver and Metal Watches,
Fa cy Go ids, Silver Ware, &c., o i au entiieiy
new and uov. I plan, for One D.d’ar each.
Don't fad to eaS nud a •mine our t>iock. Af
ter hiving sold in all New Eoghud S’ute*, we
feel sure of pleasing all. novl4 tf
Four Evils Whoever hibiiiully uses any
aliuho ie ptcpstaHuu* as aa “jppeiz'r” wilt
be os l kely to suffer from four evil#, viz.: on
overplus of food iu the stottucb, iiupaiird abil
ity to digest it, the natg* id dyspepsia, nnd a
doctor’s l ill. Dr Wa'kirs Vegetable Vinegar
Bitten, t*'e greet T etjt.il Restorative ol tbe
ago, without ever simulating the palate or lr
riiaticg tbe stomjch, >m juris a healthful appe
tite, promo’ca d’gestior, regulars the l.ver and
h -Wcl-, put itlfS the blood, aud thus, instead ol
entailing four evils conUr* four inestimable
be it fits. novl4 d4wr
Dp.loos’ PiU Remedies ar«» success.
Briggs’ Allavautor cures Catarrh.
Thy Briggs’ Threat and Lung fleiler.
Get Briggs’ Corn aud Bunion Remedies
Weather Report Nov. ‘-IO 14 P. HI.
War Department, Sigmd Service, U. S. Army, Di
vldon* of Telegrams and Reports for the benefit, of
Comincrce.
h
"2 F*
B g S
Place 2
S g "3
of g g
c V c
obfervutim. g o o
'si 5
H a w
ss
Boston.29.95 52 S Misty
Charleston,S.C.. 30.17 02 C;dm Chiudy
Clieyerme,W. T.29.90 21 SW Clear
Chicago.30.10 32 SW Cloudy
1 Cleveland.8". 11 3i SW Cloudy
Corine, Utah... .30.44 31 SB Fair
I Duluth,Mhm...30.05 24 W Cl.uly
1 n thuiapolis... .30.20 31 W Cloudy
Kov Wes^.30.10 74 K Fair
New L n Ion... .29.97 54. SW Lt Km ill
New Orleans.. .30.20 5!) NIi Cloudy
Now York.30.01 5) W Thrt’ng
Norfolk.30.09 02 SW Cloudy
Omaha.34.31 22 N\V Clear
lTtshurg.3.1.20 3.) SW Cloudy
Portland.29.96 44 SW Tlirt’ug
San Francisco. 30J40 00 N Fair
Savannah.30 19 05 Calm Fair
Washington-39.04 52 Culm Cloudy
WilniingtDU,.. .3).1C 02 SW Cloudy
Montreal.,,29.85 41 HE Cloudy
Jiaroifietcr corrected for temper^ ure m<\ elevation,
FLVAlSCIAL AM) COMMERCIAL.
Forfiga Export*.
LA9 TUNAS. Bark Eliza White-600 shocks and
heads, 146 tierce shocks, 292 pairs tierco heads, 12,001
hoops, 43 bbls. potatoes, 12 do onions, 200 boxes her
ring. 400 cabbages.
MATANZAS. Selir Ethan Allen—1800 box shooks.
2324 shooks an l hea-ls, 12,173 hoops, 3J0 bbls. pota
toes, 2003 ft lumber, 50 boxes herring.
Foreign Import*.
WINDSOR. N. S. Sc hr Tallent—110 tons plaster
to order.
PICTOU, N. S. Brig A. D. Whidden—272 tom
*A. D. Whi Wen.
.y AUMOUTH, N. S. Brig New Dominion—72 bbls.
oil to John Porteoiw.
Receipt* by Unilroutlx nul Steamboats.
Steamf.i: Forest Crrv from Boston—COD l*o.v
raisins, 30 bbls. jmvk, 25 cases and 25 bales domestics,
140 casKH nails, 6 Ixlle sheet iron, t bkd crockery, 4
bales hair, 25 dressed hogs, ID boxes tin, 500 bags su
gar, 45 casks upikoa, lull hides, 129 tubs butter, C
horses, 100 bbls. onions, li.6 bag. seed, 23 bdla leather,
40 bbls. beef, is coils cordage, 100 cases boots am
shoes, 25 bells and 13 bars iron, 31 kegs lead, 23 bbls.
apples, 23 bales gaml ia. 3 Uhls. oil, oo boxes game, 1:
buls cliau* stock, 73 walnut boards. 1 back, 10 bags
oysters, 10 jars aim fl 20 sewing machines, 100 pkgs to
order.
For Canada and up country—l paper cutter, 1 bdl
rubber hose, 12s tl lumber, 20 bags dyewood, 50 car
k*ii “dls leather. 3* bales regs, 62 plates iron,
./w. 1 i»ajior, 20 bales wool, 9 do burlaps, 2 boxes lisb
100 pkgs to order.
'*IW **r** "U.M nn« .V|*h4*T TI%irU-«
11UEW Y0UK> Nov* 20—Mwniny.—Gobi opened at
l10J?Uey 4 3 l*r cent* Sterling Exchange lo9|
securhi°‘B^" ing wero tIlc 'l110 ta,ionH for Union Path
Union Pacific....
Union Pacific stock.1!!’. 1 u
Union Paeilic land grants. 771
L niou 1 acide iueoino bonds. 80
llie following are tho forenoon quotations of South
ern securities:
Tennessee G’h, now. G’.l
Virginia C’s, new. G6
Missom16’s.!!.!...!!!!.rji
Loaidani 6’s, new. 55'
Alabama 5’s. 6*
Georgia 7’h.........!..!!!!!!!!!!!. 86
North Carolina G’ri. now.*. 20
South Carolina 6’s, now. 26^
-w[^W ^t>RK, Nov. 20— Esenina.—Money easy at
Sterling Exchange firm at io9i <1109».
.‘^C*Vts.?r?lcr* State bonds dull and hoavx.
Gold weak at I It* J; loans wero made at l vt 2 pi r
cent tne clearances wero 827,00U,U00. Stocks duh
an l strong, except Hannibal an l St. Joseph, which
was lower, on tho rumors that the suspended saving?
banks sold tho stock as collateral.
Tho following aro tho closing quotations of Govern
ment socu.ifios:
United Statos coupon G’a, 1SSI.1173
^luiuv* .7w»irs 0-^0 8 IC.'U/.UJl
Unite l States 5-20’s 1864.m*
Ui»ite 1 States 5-20*b 1863, <>11.m?
Unite.I States 5-20*6 1863, new.114?
United States 5-20*b 1867.H-u
United State:; 5-20*8 1868.ipn
United States l0-4u’s.f eoupai.|ujn
Currency 6’s.
Tito following wore the cloying quotations oi
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. G8;
Pacific Mai!..... 47*
N. V. Central an i Hu Ison Uivor consul! late i.... J»J7
X. Central and Hudson Kiver couscUi late i scp 81
Erie.
Erie preferred. 1
Harlem.....!!!!!!! !l£»
Harlem preferred.1.122
Heading.1.
Michigan Central. 1111111111 li i
I.ake Shore Michigan Southern, isu
Illinois Cent nil.jq.j
Cleveland Pittsburg.1^41
Chicago North Western. t;o*
Chicago Northwestern preferred. 8!>f
Chicago Hock Island.Ur. 3
AlilwaukioX: St. Paul. 53*
Mdwaukio X: St. Paul preferred. 7M
Pittsburg Fort Wayne. <17
H^oatcslic .TiarktU.
New York, Nov. :o.- ;altte in irk«*t—*j title dull
a id li lu a> 9] 4^ 13c receipt* tor the week 74Gr».
Sheep In avv and the qaility poor; quoli.1 j.t 4 a. i;J;
lj mb< 5} 7j{c; Re.ei »ts.;5 0o(l; tieg turn a»5<0
5 50 t r ove and 6 -5 a 7 01 I r dressed D cat;
Ho eipt: 2c,4O').
N f w York. Nev 20 Evening—Co. t'n in laii
r«q csl at Jc alia tc; sale; 40 9 laks; Miidlny
upia d> Feu —sulci 7000 l-bl?.. aidSJflu
lowe .Stau* 5 9* 7 23: round Loop «**i io 6 70;u
7 20; Wester 1 5 9) ;o.7 30; So or hern 6 8 n 0 25
vViu* ,t irr. golar; op-miq; heavy and cl >«ingsteid\
8il-s *8 L0:> bush.: so. I Spnng at i 38; No 2 do I 51
uj I .4; Wini r Hid and A tuner vVesferr 1 60 Cq} l 73.
C'*natti c and miner; *0109 14GC00 b'i>d»;
Mixed SYe tent *l 77 7<<-; old du 8« 83pj in
st«ie;7'» o 80c all :«t, eosin; ui ouls’de prkr>3_
Outs h sha le firmer: s*!es 34 (00 Lush, aj 51 (gi 54i'.
Heel dull. P *rk quiet and heaiv; new rues.r 1? 00
(a. 13 60. I/tid dull end heavy al 0 (a-. Gift* Curie:
8t«ad V Ui-key >ioa i\ at 9k\ H’ce il m r at S 4c
ik* Sugar tiro)'r; Mu^wulo refining 9
s*jc C 11 e quiet and iirin; liio 16} w Moi s-es
dul Naval Stores—Spi i-'s I ;i per ditto s e»dy a4 67;
'4x1 r>8.*. Lto*»*> tta bonfieJ. ivtroleuui quie:; erode
2j refine J ’2} a C.’f* T 1! a vk »ievl> at 0 a} 1j>c.
Freights to L'verpool very firm; Colton Q «*r g:eaiu
S 7-16 i; Flour per sail 28 63. Grain per steam 8}
4$ 9d.
QuMOf. Not. 20.—Flour quiet an I unchanged
When firm and hi tail* detn .a 1; So. 1 Spiiug 1 25?
No 2 do l 211 I 21 j; No 3 at I I irjeek d 1 1 »3 a
1 03;; S 2 Sprinu >clh*r November i 2'f u 1
sel cr December 1 2 3 1 22*; «tu January I 28? a
I 24. Co.u a *iv« tul weak and lower; N 2 Mixed
42:; r.jeered 41 (q} »lj pel r Nov tuber 4 4 4.'.};
do December 42|c; 60 J i- lutrv 42c. -uye dud
and lower al 62c Oils dull an I low- r; So. *n* 31
It i1 ley active and h fch-r; s’o 2 pritig at 62; (Sp 6k;
N.». 3 a: 534(a.'53c: rej cU.nl 49c. Po*k dull and a
s i We lower at 12 4 u. 12 4 ler J mi ry 12 59;
fc o- February 12 70 12 75. seller March *13 9J jl
12 05. 1,ud steady 8ic. IJa k meats s eudy; gucu
It ims f»3 7j r; shoulders *!je; xhorf»»** mid Ilea .*Jc.
Wh skev in liguf d«.*ui tid a»*d hoi oif firm 87c. Live
boifc in g »od demand :*8 'fi 33.
Reea»|d6—5000 UMs. Hour, 43,000 bu li wheat, 179
000 bush, c-irn, 5,t>00 bush. oa'F, 51,030 bu.-b. barley,
10.000 l ush. r\e, 10.000.
Ship'oeu’s -51 e i»b!a. 11 wr,51,000 l* 1 h. wln af, J15,
lion t.iish. corn,. 75 00) bush. Ua. Ie>, 6,100 bnait. rye,
5000 bogs.
Vov. 20. F our doll and unchanged
Whe n dull and snade oiver; No 2 White Wabasli
hid hi 147, extra WUhe Michigu- 1 fj.t; \iutu*r
lo 1 4*.'j ru) 1 43; No. 1 K*d #t l -1; No *2 do 1 :;'ti;
3n. Corn dul an 1 a-bade l>*e hiab Mixed M;
new 5 4 :1- w d 1 5*2 uew 31 j 5$ 52c YcM«>iv, new,
32jc; Wlti e 53-. Oats do 1 and unebang d.
0**«;»N wn r-QV. tfe* mV+rk—Mill :i>;k'«d hh4
n »demand -14 12 73; n w 03. Lari I uli and
h w_t-Hiea n 8f«\ i;iim Mr«ig dull anldxopiu;
shonldors 5 by t^e: c!«:'r ril» 6 Cal ujc; '-’ear s i;« s
lij on a t an i *o*cr: c ear rb fjj w 7) cle*r sides
7) 7Jc. iv«* II 2o quiet and s\euk. clo in» 3 i»0 ij)
4 -0; receipts 12 00). Whisker steady at >8e.
St. Louis, Nov. 20 —F our dim ami s-ane; Su
erfiuc Wimer 5 50 cb 5 75. V hrt ti null ami lower;
N 3 Wed 1 40 'cb 1 41. Cun active and ld^lie Mixed
cii 'rr k 4h'; >c lo.v, puc'-e-l 51c. (dais iu iur«ir
nmnd; No. 2 nt 30) Karlev tinner; society prime
Spi Mii75 v live hi Feral 71 (a) 75. P'-rk lower at
13 25 (ii> 13 75; di v stlud mean- 10 to 2J« sh. uld. rs
5) a.' 6-; clear riUGl OJc: c car s: ?i s G? a) 7. fen
dcon dud; shoulders 7gc; clear aides Tjo. xaid
easier 8) 8)c,
Milwaukee, Nev. 20.-Flour du l at 5 7* G50.
When: N.i. 1 at I 25 o. sttrnm r No 2 lirA ar 1 20)
'Ob 1 26) l*»r .-uuinie,; I 2») l 21 j *or wi uer Hit'—
No. 2 quota 3 c. (J-»ru du’ljNo. 2 Mixwi 44.*,e
R.vc—no 1 tirm at 6>)c; No 2 .M»riti*l steady at 64;.
Receipt —5JP0 bb's flour, 4S.000 Fudi. win at.
Sh»j moats—2,000 bids. U uc. 21.000 bush, wheat.
CBtRt.RSTON Nov. 20. -Colton steady; Middling
uplands 174‘ I7)c.
M line. Nov. 20.—Cotcob sir ng; Mid IFng up
lands 17J 17)o.
Savannae, Vov 2*. Cotton in good douuad;
MiiMho* uj.lands 1?* 17*1*.
Nkw i r sna, Nov. 20.—Cotton quiet; Mi- diin"
uplands IFJc.
Fereiao iviarkrtv.
Liverpool. Nov. 20- lt.J9 h. M.—Cotton firm;
MhMiinjf uplau s 8)d; do Orleans 9* a 94 sal.*
12,060 bales.
Paris. Nov. ‘.0—11 30 A. M. —Hi n*es 56' 70c.
Lo D>N, Nov. 20 —11.30 A. M.—Consols closed at
93) tor money an l acmu t.
American aecuritlci—U. S 5-208. 1862,0l|; lo 1863.
old, 52; do 1867 94); U. S. KMO-tOj.
IjfVNtvnN. Nov. 20—1.33 f\ M —Couso at DC) lor
money and accouu
Anwr tan Becurdioa II. S 5-’0*s 186.’, 92; dw
1863, Uu, 8-i; do U‘G7, 14*; do IC-k’s 30).
Liverpool. N..v. 20—13) P. M.—Cotton clo:cd
tiim: n» is 13.0i0 labs.'
L*inbox N- v 2*1—5 I*. M.—Consols closed at
9 :f t r m*i cy ami acou.t.
Amciican seunliio* -U. S. e-20's 18G2, 9l|; do 1*C3
old, 9.*; do 18 .7 94*; U S. 1 40s, 10).
Paris Nov. 20-3 00 P. M.— Rentes closed at
5Gf let.
Livkbpoot., N'»v. 20—5 M —Colton c ored firm
Mi d ilia iij 1 .mis Dpi; do Ollcaus 5 J xi Did; fthldl
15,0;0 bales.
l.i vet POOL Nov. 50—3 i\ M lie fluid Petroleum
at 17 voi I7jd._
V rci|[lil».
PiilL.VDRl.PHiA, Nov 18 —Freights—The follow
ii.g are ill current rn'ts ot coil heights ir. in Port
Richmmd lor tie w.-ek eiulFitr Nov 17:—I Poit
Inml $2 00; B.-sion $3 (W 3 15 Pi:litnn $2 10
..I I IMl K' I. I L,
ImrC iff; 8sl»n» S i UO; Sau;us $3 U); Ptovidcme
$2 53; Wr mi $2 50.
New Oki.kaxs. Nov 14 *ic:gut# -The efieilngs
lor L’veapnol a-e lair, wlili an atu*»V soppy ol r mm
on iln berth. i lie mwemoflt roust wise is very
limited. Cotton io Liver unl,bv saii.fi-'Cd; io Havre
1/c; to liosu n to Llvri po bv s*e‘iui. 5-s.l; io
IPrt. on ami Hamburg jd; New York jjc; to PUilu
t'elpbli l
noHloa Mlork LUt.
[Salon at tho Broker's Board, Nov. 20.]
United States Sixes, 1881. 117i
Bostou and Maine Kail road. I ll j
Kaslern Uidlroad. 108
Michigan LWltral Hailroatl. 118
Uni -u Pacific Railroad Sixes. S3}
boTud Kii^r
A Hare. Opportunity.
A FHW goo (Ini icnci Boird rs on b'a* com
moiiat.il with first- l;n< h -aid l*o.iu« 15 »o *<J
j>er w^ek, ac< or |i jg to ionu<. A. idress IMx 8*0,
Port and V. O."
novtucdSw
IF YOU WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
Ci» TO
Pilmer’s 132 Middle Stieet
Where, you rm g vr’de or narrow, lu’l or 8 In
Bret just the vu !ih and 1i u:tU th t will lie coy iir.
grace'ui, and enjoy the tare luxury ol wearing a I cr
ied titling tmul. sep20tt
Jo. 10S Middle Street,
OT.& A. I9. DA RUIN 15
Have rrceiv.'J from Xtw York.
"ilk Vriwef* miil Sal'll*. In all colors; Tlufnd
m«-«I Vlslto Lacea, Drrua niid •m k Butwu«
nod (hu tuimtii, "lur Eiubrnidery 15»aiUn
F»io c», m a 1 colors.
omit twd then 3weoi
Sfl'iiE®, SEE5>i
OAAn HUS4E1S Ne. T'111) liy Fo.d; i!so
Clover mm livd Top i.n *lc by
hex it i r, l ,e v m r.v e i.
Portland, Fept 2, 1871. sei 2dtl is
it pc Kliz belli Crist Mill. liuisbt
VillC.
rpHE above Mi I bavi g been put In lliorom.li rc
L p ir. is m w j.re rated Io grind i »r fie Merchants
•»r l*citland, ni i. r ibi Panneis ol ih'S vicinity.
larg* or sm«i| q iai:t t'^r, on rta?on «h>r teims and
saii-taciii.il guaranteed. a supply ol -Viral and Corn
on hand r.t -II 11 es.
No'diber 11 B71 H. LAPPIN.
uol Id eo i il
TH SF In wjot ol P'ain or Knncv dob I'rinBng
will fin.I it io their advance f'111 °*%v M•
Maek-, at the iVdv P'c^.Jwb i’uuilng Oflb i, tx
oluwtyt Si reel. JVtfmd.
a- ii ————a—i- -irini—Tii—t
MISCELLANEOUS.
A Safe and Profitable
INVESTMENT.
FaJ*st Mortgage ISoMd*
To a limited amount, upon a railroad which iswil
'.orated for bufluess, and which has been already
largely constructed with the funds of its Stockhold
ers, cannot be otherwise than safe. This security i
Increased if the Constructing Company is com pc sod
>f men of high character, anl of ample moans foi
•ucccssfully carrying through any work that they un
lertuko.
THE
New Orleans, Mobile and
Texas R. R. Company
Oder for Hale a bond which combines these advantages
to an unusual degree. The route lies between Mobile,
Alabama, and Houston, Texas—passing through New
Jr loans, the New York of the South. Of the whole
line of 473 miles, about two-thirds are already built,
ml the Stockholders have expended nearly TEN
MILLION DOLLARS in the work. The bonds now
>!tcred are secured by a mortgage up -n all thut part
if the line west of New Orleans, which bus an enor
mous traffic assured to it from the starr, this being
the only mil connection by which the cotton, corn
cattle and other productions of Texas can reach New
Orleans.
So important is this road considered to Louisiana,
that the State h is made very liberal grants in aid of
the enterprise, by direct donations, by endorsement
second mortgage bonds, and by subscriptions to
the stock of the (.'oinnany, amounting in till to over
eight million dollars.
The First Mortgage
Eight Per Cent. Ronds
N'lW offered, are limited Jn'aiuonnt to 12,300 per
mile, and are for $1,000 or B000 mob, Interest payable
•January an 1 July, at rite rate of K per cent. Currency
■>r 7 ]>or cent. Gol l, at tbe option of the bolder. Bonds
1 If .U-ter.,1
Am mg tlio Ion ling Stockholders of the Company
rM*° Hon. E. D. Morgan, Ex-Governor an l Ex-U. S.
Smator; Hon. John A. Griswoll, Ex-Lieutenantl
G >venior, Troy, N. Y.; II m. Oakes Ames, M. C.,
Massachusetts; Messrs. Morton, Bliss Co. 1. Von
Hod man Co., J. W. Seligman Co., Harrison
Durkco anl others, of New York; Benjamin E.
Bates, Pros! lout Bank of Commerce, Franklin 11a
/cus, President Meiclvtnis’ Bank, Boston, and others,
also well known.
The ab >ve statement of facts proves the safety of
these Bonis. Their profit is o>pially inanifoi t upon
examination. Taoy are sol l for the present at GO
anl accrue l Interest from July 1st. At tils pi ice
they afford a certain iuc >!ue for forty-rive years, of
nearly nine par cent, upon their coat. One thousand
dollars invest© 1 in thesj eight per cent, bonds will
give the purchaser more than seventy-seven per
cent, greater annual interest than the sarm amount
invostol in tlio new G >venimmont Five per cents.,
while hoi lers of G^verum nt Sixes will find a decided
profit in selling tliejn at present high prices, an l re
in vesting in New Orleans Mobile mil Texas Bauds.
S:il»scripiions will be ivcoivod hi Portland by
Hosrm. HWAN BAHBETT, Bankers,
lOO middle Nt.,
15. TVS. PA YSO.\,Brokrr, 32 fixchuage Nt.,
wm. E. WOOD, Gy Lxchungr Nt.
Inf u niat i »n c jnclftiing the Company an 1 the Road,
and pamphlets coutuiuhig map and full detaiiaof tlm
outorpiis?, can be obUiino iof the uuiorsigued or any
of the Company's a Ivertised agents.
W. S. SH.iTjrU€3£, Hanker
—AND—
Financial Agent, A'. O. .1/. d; T. It. li. Co.
No. 23 Nassau Street, New York.
ocU-l&\vi03m
i0Gisse §e©53fl‘itics
OF 1 HE
EOROPEAN AND
NORTH 'AVtERTOAN
RAILWAY CO.
nnilKF. AN. a. RAILWAY is com pi. ted from
l Rnu/or. Maine,’o m ,!obu. Nc.v Rrnrswhk. a
distance m 2(2 iui!<*\i;h the exetplion of li&
nsil-s tween Winn. Me,, and he boundary line of
the Stale at Vatevlroo* O: ihi* poition ilu* track
is u w eliii* hid. b il f'l.m Winn eastward ar.d
•raiu V.ni«r**bor«»’ ices Heard and the woik will b- i
c uip'e ed ai.d tian s rai.uing from Bangor to St.
.John in S. p'eudk-r next.
Th.s road will then to
THE 05LY RAILWAY
CO\.>HCTIK«i '5’Hi: US ST. v TATE.
rw i U. a* m U.ica a A!.P9 ,\fW
Brunswick and Nova s> ctiu). The oomation o' tl e
UJUviliu Provinces is ubo.it ONK .15 I fl.fl.BOrf,
d all the Iwi.l t avul. 'leiglit, mails. between
them ut tl).* Unt et! St des.will ya«H over this I rua*
Hue.will.h is \vt ra»i r Bouemnoi.
Altlio -yh no? \*t eorop'etrd, the business cf the
rou4 is already f«r greater llmu i‘s most fWPguioe
fileu'i' predicted. and Is coiilitinu’fy inerius’r.g.
I he nei curuiiio-f (ro»i Loral Bnd:ii M aloue,
on t 5<> uides com td Pi .VI sine, already exceed
th interest oa two and one qua Her urllions ol dol
lars. and will be largely it creating after >«pt u»xl
by the hu.-iurts to and lron» tf e Proviucra.
To complete this roid, and to tqnip it a.- tul’y as .ts
present l iree banmes* and iti* itn-ned me hm-asc
consequent upon Us C'mpieti, u. rc jit-res —the Com
pany hue iisukU its Bon is U e arcouut of Two
Midions ol Dollars, eeuivd by i
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
ON ITS HVTr E IIO 1> AND P«OI».
liHTV FJS-.1I VV»N> iu V t.Nt FBOKO’
besides a Second Mo'igage on I lit e.\t ic road and
•quit men is from Bangor to Wine, 56 mii*s. This
portion cost some $2 S'JO.Q 0, and the o >i> lien there
on is n mortgage to tin ctiy o» B.«ngor to 00:* Off)
and in ud iinou thereto hv a t I ki*» V AINU
UOkiTGABii ou
800,000 Acres of Land!
S dd lands bdng the s»n»e granted by i lie S’ate ol
Vnine t" a d th construction ol thi* road. v are
silnuicti a*ong flic* PouoWor and S’. John riveta,
in l are hc.viiv I'innerel aid valuable. Large
i rues. rtCK Ciallv in the lei tile Aroostook allyy (the
3-ic t a2 icuituiu* district in the SLitc aia valuib e
mi mnnia*’ands us w-fll as tor their timber. Ibis
im r.ense gram ot lauds equals about
14.000 Acres to each Mile
ot Railroad wl.b wba h thevare mortgaged. They
cover 1»50 q tuie mi'es (neatly r.s tares as tbe Stafe
1 o> Rhode lal^n which is 13j6 sqaaie lull* a and
ate ot great va'ue.
Thus, beside* the mortgage ot th» Rai'way, its
•qiipinuus, Ac., width atone is ample M<ur ty ior
tbe Boiidu, the’e are lixnbei and tauu la mi* 10 the
amount ot
400 Acres to each Bond
a’Fo p ed-red to ensure the payment thereof.
I hr Bonds are lot $1006 each, duo March I, *l«9d,
bear interest at
SIX PER LENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYAULE IN
OOLD CO Bib,
Free front U. S. Taxation.
Conjoin payable March 1 and September 1, in New
Vorlc Bond* r g.a cie 1 if dca'.icd, Coupons made
pav».b'e B ou hi in i.oiidon, king amt, l« pielcried.
NfllNICIING FI’.'MB-All piocce l.* 01 sa'es of land,
as well a* ol tl -liber and oiIim products therefrom,
*i»‘t by the Ti unices, to be i- vest d in ib*se Bo* da if
>Ley cm he bonsht at tur orlesa; otherwise in
tjnlicd Slat s. State or M unicipul S ctiii.ie*. And
on July l, 1S7J, mid nnon 1 it> thereafter until these
Bond* In OoiPC due 1 r Hig uU paid, the K. A N A.
Railway C«». is hound fc.» jm.v t» tbe Trustee* sum
ot leotu y equal to one per cent, of the n 111-unt ol
(loud* out*’and 1 Such amounts, ami all in cest
ipc ivnion WH IM, v, IU .'IIIIKIIIC
K> uiad are to be lu 'cd. ,1 a-« nbove >tVed. and those
ai vMiypu'at'oi'B *re a-*My i,»r ihe j.iirpm of adjition
ult) inovidln? lor tho redeinimni ol the c Bonds
T'ua Kinking Fu»mI vi*l hums a In id cro.it eleaeut
ot Btcoil ;r an l *lreng:.\ aru mMs to the safety ot
lb 'hr Don Is
I h» Iru-mfS tie Hot H iNMI.iI. M A Ml.IX, ot
liner, Me, an! J. hIKi.lIl TlluUSOfi,
ot Pht’ailMbtihi. l*u.
1 h Trnet'c* »re aotbo’lso 1 to receive me Bonds
at l'ai* ami Accrued ImIcwmI in »abluent lo
Aiiy *»t iho land* at mcir s| p.aieed value.
These vaiy desirable securities lor sa c at
SO and A erntd Inte*est in Currency.
U, S Bonds .vu! ill marketable securities iec*iv
ctf ;i» liighe-i marker |*ri. e in cx< hai.go lor these
Bond and can he sent by KXfr m uud Pie*'te
nured Exjuets. fee o*(Xptnsri 10 the par-liaset.
I'iioiidi'eis vi ing Inrthfi paruju ai> rouccnmig
the couitvc i'jus uuii business, will Map *li tv mg
lbe lo. a.iou auu nu.d ol tills ro id, sent tree on ap
thcat'ou to
ELfJS M L1WFLL.
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Male of RoaelM,
B A N G O IS, 31 A B N IS
0» TO
SWAW BAS5RS-.Tr,
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO DliJdlt' Slrrrl.l’orllaiul.
E-S'-On <-oir.| I-itm(in l'7-’|ot flO lotto. of Katirmd
no.v b.iil'iiiii. Ool ffoei. St 'IiiIiii, N. II, an<l Halilax,
s, there w U be «n wuhreken line of ltailway
•rom Ka'itax io nil thi? cht-f clt:e« of tho (Tutted
Stu'e«, mimI a- two or t*»r-e day* of ocean navel con
ho s*voided, and al.out hours-* t:\nc vav-.d, from
h>w ork, in c ’lac ta or coining mmi Kuroi e. l y
rail t.» or Hutu Halifax,— a Urge bu-iuess iu p:\s
s-ligers, mails an f Ireiglii will Hereby be tuned to
tio i rufiic ovei I bo K. N. A. Bail way.
JuIvlJ-sneod if
Anna F. lii tiji,
TEACHER ef the PI ANO FORTf
29 sr awji str t: j: t.
pygatlfrfactory icfcrei.ie given when roqulnd.
oc' eot‘ 3 in_
Desin bU Building Lots for Sa'e.
i y V vrtn»€f :i H cn*s sriufcnd by tin II n. John
1> A. Waterman, Jut go of flu tut of Probate
l,»r the Coiriiy n u *o land. 1 w n*4 offer a» pii
v.im sale 11 vc-ci.hh- ij parts, »n common au i un
il vidtd, h 1 t oi tan' u able tor i w i lor.*, ita
at»d at No. 'OS Vaue5* ’ll n-»tn* Cnn<res*. fa
Ihi* ch v. temg tl e e taterr.n dhv the he i o il»«
1 do John c eeV oi ntgla. Sn lot r.a a IY«m age
<i< about pjft leet, with n everqr; dc.ifli o' aj* nf
W.t* i5'M fed, hI'd will e sol i wl oV. or divide-1
i do two I 'M. The oth-» f tin e-e'g* t’»s 'f) iw t* w 1
b“o l with 'he live- ighf 1m taut, log 11 cr.w s.’
r •lii.q'ii-hm ir ot tluwid wV'fovvci therein, n m
lyinikingthe tile ptr'eot. For |m ikunr? h, p.j
on ill.’ 1.1-cn l.-<> to Mj i,Y A, STF.EI.S.
P.UI md, Nov. 17.1*71. *?*n«
TZ^xtertainments,
i ASSKnBLYl
mb. A. B, «}|?k
win'd imniUo<-(> III. <a ond i„ _
With ilia c!ms nfl.iirin,, y !b ccbbiciIob
Monday tSrcning, JVovfmbcr rJOib.
i v H“ 01 Kl'u»“ sail Couiieiss'i
Mu-'Ii1 b\ Chandler a (ini i
file (ice w.li cjtnncuce b first action lor histiuc
i*‘H in Dticiug or cviii "g #c ««»:»r* 01 Wednesday
cieLlng. N u*l coo im very We.ln *«iay.
(far pan! -u*a** apply at tho Hal). novl5u
1*.
Five NijrhtsMore.
Tuesday, W;du sdaj; Thursday.
Friday aud Saturday.
J«ov. 21, 2i, 23, 24, 25
Prof. €c. W Stone
In Ids jran 1 Blo’ogical Seance and
MONSTER.
Gift Entertainment.
fiv^ry Tcr*.ou who attends
WILL RKCE1VE A
GIFT!
Bream will cumisl or GoM stcbfs Silver Wafcbeh
S^t? ot Ingikr P-irniMie, Si ver B'cctro
OoM* t< at.d Gnjs Ph>'ti>giapb Al
l»u Ladi"«* Sli.w’a. I>r*ss
I'aGOillS Jewelr Li< oks
o» Po;ms, &o«

Diorj-open al 7 o’.’ocy. Commerce at
K'9«rvcd 8eas»*o cum £drotation 33 cent*.
Tijktts omv l»o bail at Mebsrit 1U c* Oijln’s
Ma*i S ote. 77 M d i e «treei, *t Ira C. *io kbrt
Musi WureUoU e, 1 0 E*ih ..ig« it m.d u* ill: u<h>i.
li *%20
Dramatic uud M unicul
The p’e* in* cli mu a of
FSTTK «ww-aT5^_.tn__
Preceded by th* atrusiug
OPERA VI VIA,
t$v Amateur* rt this city, w ill be *»p*fetcd hi n;d of
ihuiuu. s.ji Mi: I ltd ti »hee. BJuive sul »i 4o
c «ly. ti their iicw Ciiuiiu corner ot Co-grew* mu*I
ii-du Streets,
Tuamlay 1' venhiy. Xov. 21?t.
Tb*ke n 93 c* tats, or live nr $1 to be h.ul iC the
tunal 1ao< h atid at tbe Ijo“. nolatd
JFair and I nto tainment.
The irttriubi is ot he
Indi t, 3t. Ueiversilist Scci* ty
WILL HOLD A
FAIR ANIi ENTERTAINMENTS
’j EIU SEW CHURCH
Ca Tuesday. 21st inO.,
And continue through the week, in tin afternoon
and cv.-Lii g
cn ca 'li there w-'ll bosplraa’n; Rut**r
aiunieiP. v rjluj f on* i-mhonetbat mc« c-P I.
The FulK wdl embrace u v.>r:t-ty i.tiii v and
useful aitichs, iud t’lj cve.iiui cutjitaiuiucuts aid
be i ih ia.>si au'e^able character.
Atiiui-ftiota i -bfeiilinrs .5 <«nJs, or live lor one
dollar; A Penn ons lOreuti; to t*e Hid Hi S. II.
CoUswoi thy’*. 9 L ICx’han^e reel. Chutes Cunt is
Co.N,‘P! Coigir-s* stre-i», T. Ku ghc, cn-. Mi dc
an t «cdn stuet, Cesscn lei/s Ptikdical Depot and
»t (bo door. u viG
>1. U Ai
Fifth Entertainment
Wfducsd >y Ev ulny, Sov. 220,
EFADIXUS ASH RSCITAI IONS BV
WYZEMAN MAR-HALL
AID
Webster.
Kvenhi'r Ticket* 5 c 1> or* opeu at G 12 Read*
legs at 7 1-2 o'clock. uolStd
GRAND
Thanksgiving Ball
-AT
I) A NT C A S T E R H A E I,,
T'litusduy Evening, Xov. ROlli.
COMMITTEE OF AItRAK< 1 EM ENTS.
James A. M viiku Tuos. Cuisuam,
Cuaui.es Thomas, Kmv. L. Prtndalt.,
Geo. X. Bkioos, Wm. T. Holuvan,
Bknj. T. Limn, J. 15. Cuisuam.
Music by
ISaymo:ii*N Fu!l Qimilriile Bund.
Tickets admit! lug Gent on J Ladies $1, to be ob
tained at Maher Co.*s opposite the Post Office, or
at the door. noglTTdfcSkw&TWTuw
Army Navy Course
Tbiril I. olerluir.niccit.
Thursday Eve'eg Nov. 23.
LECTURE BY
Rev. William l. Ga®*, of Conn.
Fub} ct: E»u|»fr *i Wiliam and bi« G^mral*.”
Doors cii it oMo-Jk. C ucert by Por’a'ml
t i ii> I h 7}. i.ecu re a 7.4'. Oour.-n Ti.-ke v>0.
€reim»a k t* ■’Vo-cnts. t rsslc.il C. w.tlnlxcy A:
Co.N, ami the mtiJo stoles ot Ira C. StOikbudge
a id Hawes Ciuigiu.
n v'M v
EPaifoUIC AsSCBIlbfij
The G.~H\ T. S.t
Will civc tbeir footlh Assemt.h at
laxcastei: iiall.
Thursday Kre’g. 1\'ov. 2.1.
Under the m nag* tneiu oi
C apt. ED .VAIL.) IIO O I ns.
GfcU. H KMTRR, J T. 3EAYKU
Maslo by Wabb’i Till Qcadrillo Batd
fix PUCKS
T ck«-t* admiuing Osar un I T.:i 73 cent®.
I>ai eiug to catuuie ce at 8 oVI- ck. u v2* 11
^loi’haui Neisoinary.
Boar l *f Instrnctlon.
M. aCDSE, A. M., Principal,
and Teacher of Classics.
MISS ADELA CARNES,
xPrec 'ptross and Teacher of Vocal an 1 Plum Music.
MADAME MARIK COUULAEXDEU,
-i j/dy •*’4 *T »acher of Modern Languages.
MISS JENNIE E. BODGE,
Assistant Preceptress, an Teacher of Rhetoric.
Inst nieti n will be given by competent Toiudiein in
Mat hem ales. Drawing and Painting, an I an
Asi&staut in Music will bo h cured as
soon as possible.
M'inlcr I'criii ('onlinearcs IBcrrinliei* 3lh,
uni C'oaliuurt Flrvru Weeks.
KOIKD A\I> TUITION.
FI1HE S unlnarv Bull.llng will l>c d« voted to the ac
c»mm idalion of yonng ladles f>r bianling. yet
the classes may l*> arranged sa as to include bnh
sixes in recitations.
GBo.tr.l tor Vo.i i-x lia lies *49 prr Term.
Yxinng La lit s desirous of bi.arding themselves will
Ik* furnished with r-smis in the Seminary Building.
Each room is dealgno I f >r two p osons, an 1 will l>o
eimfirlors, pillow cases, towel* an 1 toilet snap.
Hoard f*r young men can bo nbtnluel In private
families on runs nmbk* terms. FitcMrlesnro ottered to
those wishing to bard themselves.
English Stu lieu or Teachers’ rinse.$ 5 00
English Studies an 1 Lm In and Grock. H IK)
French, Gorman or Spanish, oacli. 5 011
Book-keeping an I Penmanship, both. 3 00
I'rawing. 4 00
Painting. oo
Plan »Music. pg oo
Vocal. 3 00
For farther Infatuation apply to
€S. M. BOD»C, Pi iiiripul,
Bethel, (until Nov. 25th), or
J. A. WATER.TIAN, Scmtary,
Gorham, Me.
Gorham, Me., Nov. 10,1871. nol7d*&wtf
Exiii? e«•■»*’• Df» i-'* 8?* L II. District,
Tonjpkin>vilie, No* Vo If, J
N vernier, «87i.
To Quair men mid Kuih'crs.
PliOPOS L i *or tie inalerisls in labor tor com
p!e ing tl:J four «l» i n and const* u ling the p*er
and l*i»«»iu wl arf *«»r L'KLt House cu Race l*oct,
Lo»*i» I*'::nd >ou *1, N. Y.
feded i»irno*aN ml' be r»c*ived at this effloe un
til noon ot l'ec. tuber 18. 7871. *<-r lh-» tn&bri i!i n l
labor I r on pVti-ig th» nmndatioti anti to- *oi.
siruc in* th p er and Hading wlia’lt r the Light
lion4** t>r Race R>ck L Hi Mail Sound *<e*r*ing
to 11 ins and sp.Udeati ja4, the *-i rt»b-hadby par
ties dosi o is of Li iding, on application to tie under
signed.
pr. »»o«als unurt be in dup'k ite, %c *om punted by i
gun*ant) in dmdirsie, ai d a pitn.ed copy of this ad
tei i cmen* st:a> he*I to each pi* a o-oi1.
Tr< ptw »'s nin-t be tn id-on tb<* 11 mk forms attacli
c lie* the si-e* ilk aliens tttrt.s’H tty ih**oG*e and
b dd rsmnst .-ortortu to-be r*qni tmeuts under the
I* ml of u p rnct-cn* tn bidders.
Ti e lollr win7 a* th- q utilities an 1 dimensions
•or the w rk «lv. r i«o
Thu to m lat on o b r.n piete bt a pr tec'?on of
830.• ids o« gran ?e b’o*'s, qua rk I ngtilar in
s'lsje «itl meas-rtn* irem 4 tsfi cot fi meins io
4x4x* lee', *nd *c gli ng Irmu clg'it to ten ion, each.
I In* Per i>i 'ii It in slime o* ibe im-liuoi »*t a
cone. 57 to* t di*ti C er a* base, and 3- f ct *.l uieter
at t >n, un I US tee’ b «gb.
Tin I tiding wit rr s b* be ‘J5 to t wale by 53 toot
6 iiK’hcs *ong
Tbs following arc IhsesUumkd q lanfc tio? requir
ed
41 833 5cubi k* i of cl I st ne.
7 2 7 1 r ugh M tie.
KJ|(k*7 coil* iTie.
3.000.4 bikk w. rV.
8,030 ton* t-l gra'.Jte to- fourvlaiiot.
1 C. WOODRUFF. Lieut.-Co'. Engine-rs.
Engineer 3rd L. 11. Idstilot.
n>!7*'3 aw 4 v
Hoard fov Horses.
ALCTIUjn SAJLtiS
New House on Leased Land
Auction.
ON TUESDAY »MT ta M
shill sail ta« No ir House on L*it KAtltr
Street. ...VI
S»i(J house coniiini 4 nnl*h<« noim, <vi h Ui|«(
unHuihel cli.iinb.-n. el Mil, Ac. Tlii 1-niliUg
sol*11,> >*e r*-*nov.-*l prior ti Jiuii'irj 28. 18’2.
WTernuat sal*.
105 15 01». K. i>. RAII.KV ,S hum.
Adminiitralor’s Sale!
O V vlitoe oi n license mo-Hie H jo/3obn Wa
«,t'le ut mb.it.*, *ithiii mi f lor the
"onurv o Cnmbirlvul, I ,b ,i Mill r i-.iti i•: hi lion
at salesroom p n. Ki ll mre
V/Th’ i>'jrtlUI 'i' on 1 biri.'sv. Nov »i. al 12 o’c jc*
U. I he '.I lOwina per.o*i,| „t.
1-18 Stammer *»*Mar, p wl
18 Hanniv Wesn.ioaV
1-4 Wil Inn Aiihar,
1-18 Col 1-Jtiy,
310 C.tizcn,
1 18 Ha He Ko«s,
1-12 Brig Kr.mlier.
W. H S.*CLK, A-ljiiull rator.
lmme Hard *n»r ih a'-ore sale ill In roij
I-IH 8cb *onpr C. K Drc-ser.
1*18 A**nls K,ee nan.
1 8 O.Zcle.
Ocurgp W Pief/S.
_ »-0. B viLty A GO., Attti'n.
V. O. HAII.hV A CO., turn
Furniture, Orcckerj-w rj,i o
BY AO!
On Thurrilnf, AtlA, nt IO A M„ al
Furulia r ii>>u< a. M(.
"e* sells, V.rl.'e
to.' tabl-. V),a* i.i f.i ick-waleut anil h *tr
..2"';y a -i ciop i i„1(.
Bb«*k Wa'DUft Whi Uoti ii»| l|*t rr» e.s. B'-wH W a1
nuc Mien*ion TaMf* 13r« rr- loo z Bn-ean*
Mi'Tor-* Mahogmv Sideb aril, W*rtio:«<. Par >r
Airtight and C *>k St.iv l>ei* ter Mata>s .ml
Sp in; Puli, a Urge v tri -ly ofCfLeker?, Glass.watt.
Sic.
A !so rtf n-nan lime, ono A. W. Lihlpi.no, a not
iLi ruuie- t in ex ell.Lt order.
Sit e po>ik've. LoSO’-t
Sale to Vlose Consignments.
On Thursday, Wot. 2!st.
AT 10 A. ATSALHanOOM
18 Exchange Street,
Wo tba*1 »e’l a general Assortment ot
I>ty GuoJh. Fancy Good*,
Cutlery, Blankets, &r.
Liery article to be i»ol i without res rve.
F <1 IM <1 V 1 a_.1..
I _ novtcO
Manufacturers’ Sale
-OF
CROCKERY WARE
TO THE TRADE,
BY AUCTION
F. O. ll.llliUV t’9M AuctJouimrs.
Oil llojsliy, A'ove:nl)tua ’iith,
At 2J P. M., a. our Salowroom,
^fo. lH Exclmnge Street.
Wo shall offer to the trad* a largo Huuof Ir n.
Stone. C. O., Rxilcingham anil Yellow Waro, in v.u
ty. Catalogue* fumishod uj*»n appUcalbai. \v
on Exhibit! n Saturday, Js’ov. 20th. uav2IUl
R. K. HUNT,
(fomnrsgioa Maroh&at aid AnadonaHr
Y]O. V#Cottrell »t., will sell every eT#r»tuf
ll I*rgo a«.«ortnjenr ol s aple ind ftim'y floodi
flood* wul be §01 l during the day in lots to toll
t archaserj. nt wbo:esa'e prt« t. Cidi l«imcfl n. u
escripiions «»t poo u. Oon*.^nn>en'-« not limited,
fcbfwtj 11, IMA. «Ul
I_H
N-s-t-i-c-e T-h-c-x-o
F-A-C-T-S
--TUAT AT—
BritAivs
€EofEai«g lfion§f,
Can bo found a»>y a f’gle in Ihi way o< Wvtiing A
pual lor Men aad »C»ys an I at pr c that
Will npcuk for Thrna t-lvea.
Wt- bavu a wed ars »rtrd sbek, nr (too Is ar* Hr t
class in everv respect an I we a m to pie so in p,».c,
ma dial ani make. Who i-auh HJ#hrd to dre?s il
w tucloth’eg at tbe.e pil e*.
QwieoaU
Qvcrc.ah
Qv. rrsold JO
|)aiia6.«siaiii
la
J4 Miii 4
[dee fee*
1)ceftr« to
V
I Mefi in tO
It
la ^r«M MuJh
Up ir u Suju
'U;i* $s m
|>oy-’Xu*t* |j
j >a Mails JO
B yu* Overca la
la j^oys* 0»or«o*i.4
IN jjoM’ Ororcaara
|)aal» autl VeiU $5 la 1J
$J 3U ta M
"J JuUcrcontf* $4 la 14
Vania 11 la iS
Au«l ini cndleyy vairidy of (rtiri«»i wear, Cardigan,
aiH p urtiisiifLg floods, at the tunic I»w price*.
No. 1 70, opposite loot ol' ICxcliauj,'))
street.
No* r-.r»-;«
SlieriiTs Sale.
Cl' II U K’ll. AN l». sn:
f|'A.il N on txectiion ami wilt lx* »oM at pnT.f»u
I a n./1..». oi sa:iu<‘ay. ilm sect ml d*v ni De
cember. A. D.. D7‘, at Ih e* oVoek ;u ib** Mitetno*»'i
at the III e *>f J W o»a.iill*. In Drnoifticl, In wni l
County. all i)>e tight in Equity, which Clarp-k
Thorn pent, ot Brn'ihwlci. tn the Cnutny of 'unite
b't.d, hn I o-i i* e i ae-tv-e'ght day oi dole, A.I),
WTI.at te >u*olock aid Buy in-notes in the attar
d o:', vheiit eu'ii-wu iihc'u'i on t'»e "rielnxt
wi t. to r d*tttu ibe following tie ml *gd Ue%J Vs
ta*c, HhtAi*d in IJ utiswiek. *n -aid Count v. t* w!i
a pcitiin lot of la to ia lltuo whi, utofryaW, wdlt
the budding* ih renit, known as t! c li< tueyrex l
utn ot the at Jnnic-a Du’ini g. beti g tin yam j
ireuiijMcotiftfte.1 to hi'lo* U lhontpaoa bv J.nue-y
8 Purtlii*, by h*» Deed ot warranty, ai. d vf*rt
X, 13 2 a: .1 tecotdi-d ill the Jnmbei land Krg «tty
D ml*. V »i. SI P..fe 329. A w by Kamu 1 l.ui.
n n i»\ Id* Dp* ot Q licr.la ni, exc ptlng that a
BiuUe bvTh'iat|Mjn, Hud n part exile.11' e dad•*
ijli ise lot wddio.lo'm L. Swbt. ibe *c;l ol the cum
being about one bundled u»t^w
Abo "i e oiber 'o* ol land w..U I tic bn il l Ink* tb*-r
on, situ ted in an id Utuo-wteir, on the >ou'n wide at
N »n|o yt o t, and rue j pied by ih; adl I'birer
'fnon»pwo’» belnj ilio t-nra* conveyed by Wtiiaieti
NV. D ugia«w. by Ida f) -e of warrant ,dated **ovcm
b r 8. I v 3, unr| rrc .tiled in h i Cnninetlnnd Iter.*’*
ly of IlCti I* Vo!. 329, l*a.att I let. The c'mvc cTcub-ra
being a itj ».*t to a mortgage .pro»d.*'l in do Cu>u
bw/bli! Reel'tty Ot Deed*. 4» *ok SRI, PagefTI yI\
by *llie eat-t Chat lea L Tb .tur*' n m die l!iun<>wic<
cavi»'g- In itu'lou to weenie idu payment ot a pr.un
twory note‘oi <h ec.ih nita* d deltai* dated tf*r ti
21, D7I pavaVg m ont# year aitti Intere i, at eigb
per c n*. tayabc wend atittmlly. on wb'o here I*
now-In'lie su~n oi'1 li-ee Iboiisaud Dollar*, with
Interext aaatji’.wald.
Rratitwick, OC’. 28. A. 1)., 1871.
0f39>!3wM J. IV. KOltSAI IH, Deputy Sheriff.
Guard tan’s Sale.
PUU ill AST to u lice-ice of tb i .lVulm'e Court for
be C .utv Cittiib»il *nd to tn granted oo tb*
tlfwt Tue d*y of November. i8’l, to ru;ike ot t
tan! ecMita o* Caleb Hatch. Ma ilia K. Hatch u-.«t
I Hum oil l». H ili. inv wild*. c.M.eJxiiuf of Hit ce
ll. toenth* I.i -oraui u uml iiodiviJcl ot .vrtal i oc
t and. wbi. h m ine ei*ter'r linlfot ib- hun*ai..i l
of the bite C.i’eb 3. Hatch, <'ic a-o I. on D a. 9uti S
in b*dd I>0’tl*ml.valu2 the lot m«1J >luln/ *hw land t.n l
bikore ot Oaorg') W II. II o<i»»e, on th« wo-ioriy
dfu tityoii', oil add ►*rc *l, I wi'i ro'l ih sndre.it
r'•life ol my «nl«l w at pu'» !c ai.c I »u on v a
I'hl teenlii dat of Ibc-mber, 18/1. at the oitlco ot
A, M., tor tbe pu.potey in b- llcrn.p re' lurth.
9AKA 11 K. HATCH.
C mnil in oi Caleb Hatch A tile.
I’ort and, Not. II, 1811. •oTl3-U«iabl
Commissioners* Notice.
fTVIF S«Vc*lbcr? hiv 114 be«*u api*nliit«4 by
X tbe Judge ot Probilt* for tin* County of Cuu*
IrrhUHl. Corauisfloicr* *o exitnin« uni fas*
upon tbo olj iu* .at ciiililor* to il'«Mtils«( Thud
dim S l li«*g late ot Caj o B iz ibeth. in fa id Utili
ty, ile ea»**d, Teji-ufenol in*olron.; am*
uun l.e *rom ilu* *wv*i» h day of N*»*t*w» be*-, A. V.9
1-71 1 elnr •‘lowed tor that |*u p w, hereby give ®o
t cc* lb»» they wbl a'teid to »ho duties argued
t’u m at tbr dll'* of Jl-wrd It
J*«iM.lud on fhr tvr till *li day ct Dnt ml tr A. 1>.
1*71, on the 4 ecu y fiiirtli day ol J uarv. A. i\.
!»?J an on 1 lie eevti th da> ol May, A. II, 1*7*,
iron* o».e to fur o*cl rk iu the kt emut n on each of
•aid cl *\s.
HSNttY B CLE IV its,
KOJKtir HOB NS >N.
Commi tt/ojvm.
P«fcea at Porlland tbe eighth day 01 N v.»ii»|*»'.
A. I) ,1871. dUffaWK

T\0 YCUT FEEL WEAK AND LANGUID IN
-M CONSEQUENCE OF OVER EXERTION?
Have you taken cold Are you afflicted with
Itbcuiuatlain, or pains ol auy kind try one o f
Wells’ Machine -spread Strengthening Tlasters.
They will certainly euro.
They are composed orchoico emollient gums,
spread on tbe finest kid, of three different sizes,
ami are worn with easo and comfort. Sold by
Druggists, price IS, 20 and 30 cents each.
F. C. WELLS CO.,
192 Fulton Street, N. V.

Commissioner.s’ Notice
HflHE cn lei»UneJ hive beeu »p)>v t>taI iXmia ii.
1 ►ioiierj io ruvtre and do. i.i® u|t>ii c uimt
■U 'i “t ihr rst ite »r Dorm if Mr Fu| !mi mi Q
being m» ivenr. IVr«i>»smiv i iffm \r ei.|jn,4
ug mint siid v»t it** at ‘he IHe i»| Eio oi i« W Pot Ku
18 *x l a-ie.lruct In Il.rahe n,,n ol ibr tvt Su*
urdivf o' Davniner 181'..inlet l.i.uitv »cbriiiry
W u- Ii and At ril 1ST*. Imiwcon me b m h oi 3 an I I
o |'cV, wlncb lim-a and pbi> e linTo i«.n a ,im,rto*l
b« u. i r ibo t urpnar.
FRKDKR'CK k X,
tioUII»«3wM WILLIAM O. TWndni.Y.
OFFICES to EET.
'I'AVi) FRONT ”FFI i;<. w.Ofill «torv, o\f .t 'l-e*
1 N 1130 anil 38 Com u r.'al .t’l-ri; tl i"l up
all 1 it* in.liroti men I*.
Apply to H- N< iwr’ot.it
Kayl diaS IW tfor.at.