Spmgfidb HqntMiran,
VOLUME NUMBER 46. I
WHOLE NUMBER. MW.
HEWS OF THE WEEK.
WEEKLY GOSSIP AND REVIEW.
Thanksgiving is over, and it is now the order
of the day for everybody to s< ttle down to work
for the winter. Congress meets on Monday, and
congressmen have been flocking to Washington
all the week, while the president and his secreta
ries have been giving tire final tenches to mes
sage and reports. There are the usual specula
tions about these documents, but it is evident
enough that the reporters have not seen them,
and wo must wait till they are presented to Con
gress for a knowledge of them. There is, of
course, mreh curiosity still regarding the make
up of the com mittees of the House, but there are
no new developments concerning them. There
are fresh rumors of cabinet changes, Mr Fish and
Mr Akerman being again on the point of retir
ing, according to the reporters, but whether they
have any beater basis of Tact than the numerous
similar onee that have preceded them, remains to
be seen. The session of Congress just opening
is sure to be a busy, though not very long one,
and the beginning of the warm weather is likely
to see members dispersed and engaged in the
more congenial business of president-making.
This, in fact, even now begins to attract a
good deal of attention and a vigorous discussion
of the qualities of -candidates and the attitude of
parties, is already going on. What it will all
amount to we shall know in due time.
The South Carolina Legislature met on Tues
day, and Gov Soett, in his message, admits that
the state debt ismearly twelve millions of dollars,
though he would admit only about nine millions
and a hall' last September. There is good evi
dence that the governor has understated the
amount, even now, and that the debt of the state
is really over fifteen million dollace, the greater
part of which has gone to the enriching of Gov
Scott and his associates, who are none the less
rascals bteacse they call themselves republicans.
It is a pity there is not some power to reach these
men and punish them as they deserve.—Bad as
is the tinaneial condition of South Carolina, it is
little, if at all, worse than that of her sister state
on the north. Gov Caldwell’s message, just pre
sented to the North Carolina Legislature, shows
that the debt of the state is $34,887,464, of which
amount over $16,000,000—0r nearly one-half—
consists of bonds issued by the carpet-bag Legis
lature of 1657-68 for the purpose of building rail
roads, although barely half a million of the sum
has been expended on the railroads, the remain
der having found its way into the pockets of the
men who voted the appropriations, and the other
plunderers of the treasury. The governor op
poses repudiation, but the Legislature shows un
mistakable signs of favoring it.—The Georgia
Legislature, which has a democratic majority,
has ordered an election for governor, December
10, over the veto of acting-Gov Conly, and as the
latter will not acknowledge the validity of the elec
tion, there is likely to be trouble when whoever is
elected tries to take his seat.—Both branches of the
territorial Legislature of Wyoming, which have a
democratic majority this year, have passed a bill
repealing woman suffrage. This is no evidence
that the experiment has been a failure, but that
the democrats are opposed to woman suffrage.—
The late kuklux committee of Congress has re
ported to the president that it is desirable to es
tablish martial law in two of the disturbed
counties of Florida, and it is not unlikely that
this will be done at an early day. Some of the
witnesses from these counties, who have testified
against the kuklux there, are afraid to return
home till they can have the protection of United
States troops.
The great event of the last few days in the fight
against the ring at New York is the arrest of ex-
Collector Connolly and the attempt to ar
rest Mayor Hall. Mr Connolly is equally
guilty with Tweed and Hall and Sweeny,
but seems to have supposed he was to
get off without punishment, because he had, in a
sense, turned state’s evidence. At any rate, he
was greetly taken by surprise at his arrest, and,
though taken into custody on Saturday, and al
lowed to etay at the New York hotel awhile under
guard, he had not obtained bondsmen on
Wednesday, and the ex-controller was obliged
to stay in Ludlow street jail over Thanks
giving day. The committee of seventy told
Mayor Mall on Tuesday, in language more
forcible than polite, that he must resign,
or he will be turned out immediately on the meeting
of the Legislature, and enforced their arguments
by getting out an order of arrest on a charge like
those against Connolly and Tweed on Wednes
day. There have been all sorts of rumors about
Tweed, that ho was about to flee to Europe, that
he would resign if he could be exempt from ar
rest, etc., but he still does not resign and does not
run away The committee of seventy is clearly
pushing things as fast as possible, and it is a pity
the Times and Tribune cannot devote all their
energies to helping on the good work, rather
than wasting so much in fighting each other.—
The United States court at Salt Lake has virtu
ously resisted the attempts made by the counsel
of Brigham Young to have the trial of that mag
nate for violating the marriage law of the coun
try postponed two weeks, and it has been set
down for next Monday. As Brigham is still on
his travels, and can hardly get back by Mon Say,
he is likely to get into trouble for contempt new.
The court has been engaged, this week, in hear
ing arguments on the motion to quash the indict
ments against Brigham for murder.
The Grand Dake Alexis ran down to Wash
ington and was presented to the president, last
week Friday, returning to New York, Saturday,
where he has been put through a round of festiv
ities sinae that would tax the strength of a less
robust man. Monday he goes to Philadelphia
for a few days, and next week Thursday he will
go to Boston for a stay of two days, going thence
to Montreal, Niagara Falls and the West. On
his way to Boston it is expected he will stop a
few hours in Springfield, visiting the armory,
probably, and the great pistol factory here. The
grand duke is very much pleased with his recep
tion in this country, and professes himself de
lighted with all our institutions, particularly
with the pretty women that throng the balls and
receptions given in his honor.
Winter has come very early and with great
severity at the West. In Utah they tell about
snow six feet deep and winds that it is Impos
sible to stand up against. Many houses have
been burled in the snow, and many lives have
been lost from exposure. Withal, the weather has
been extremely cold, indeed the coldest ever
known at this time of the year. The snow has
been only less deep than in Utah, and the weath
er less severe, in Colorado and on the plains
along the Pacific railroad, on which trains
have already been greatly impeded; and
there has been an unusual amount of snow
all over the North for so early in the season,
while it has been very cold all this week. Hav
ing settled down upon us so early, the winter is
sure to ire a long one, and many of the weather
wise are predicting that it will be aj severe one
also.—lt is now known that the number of per
sons lost by the burning of the steamer City of
New London, a few miles below Norwich, Ct.,
last week, was 17. A coroner’s inquest has
been begun, this week, to investigate the affair,
but all the officers and crew of the boat profess
ignorance of the origin of the fire, and perhaps
the cause will never be known. The boat seems
to hare been managed with ordinary care, and
there were the usual appliances for safety, though,
for some reason, the life-preservers and boats do
not seem to have been available.
The foreign news this week, presents several
points of unusual interest. In England the
prince of Wales has been seriously ill but is
getting better; in France Thiers has allowed
his administration to be disgraced and the word
republic put to shame by baarbarously executing
Rossel, Ferre and Bourgeois, three men identified
with the Commune; and Victor Emannuel has
opened, for the first time, an Italian Parliament
in Rome.—Belgium is undergoing a crisis in
which the popular voice seems to have more ef
fect than it has been wont to have there. Oue
Decker, appointed governor of Limburg, has
been obliged to resign, owing to the popular
clamor against him, and the ministry which ap
pointed him has also been compelled to resign,
and a new and liberal ministry has
been formed.—Minor items of European
intelligence are that there have been two more
colliery explosions in England with fatal results;
the ships Marmion and Osceola have collided off
the Irish coast, and the latter sank with nine of
her crew; Gets Sickles, minister to Spain, has
been married to a Miss Creack, and is coming
home on a visit; the weather is very cold in
England, as well as in this country, and there is
much suffering in consequence; Russia is estab
lishing two large military camps; a new ministry 1
has been formed in Austria which seems to meet
the popular approval; and an Alexandria (Egypt)
steamer has sunk, carrying down 75 passengers,
none of them Europeans.—What we have pre
dicted all along seems to have come true in Cuba.
The Spanish authorities are of little more account
there than the insurgents. The volunteers are the
real rulers of the island. This is shown by the
murder in cold blood of eight medical students,
mere boys, for offering some indignity to the
grave of Gonzalo Castanon. A form of court
martial was gone through with, but we cannot
believe the captain general would have allowed
the murder had it not been committed by the vol
unteers, whom he dared not resist. It is now
high time for our government to interfere, at
least far enough to prevent any more such
butchery in the future. —Mexico is in a complete
state of anarchy, and whether Juarez is going to
survive the storm that has been raised against
him, is not yet evident.
Thanksgiving brought us even colder than the
traditional cold weather, and the bodies and the
prices of poultry stiffened sensibly under its
effects. As to this great family festival of the
year itself, it was observed with all due honors,
j The usual number of good sermons was preached
I to empty pews, and the usual number of good
I dinners eaten by people with good appetites and
thankful hearts.—The civil term of the superior
court in this city has finally adjourned and the
criminal term will take its place next week.—Our
friends up in the ninth district are beginning to
be considerably agitated over the electioh of a con
gressman in place of Mr Washburn, and are
quite embarrassed by the number of candidates
offering. We have only one word of advice to
give, and that is, take the best.—Boston has been
put into a flutter over a proposition to buy the
Hoosac tunnel, but has quieted down under a
prospect that the state will not sell.—The muni
cipal election occurs in Springfield and several
other Massachusetts cities, next week Monday.
John M. Stebbins, nominated by citizens, is the
only candidate yet in the field for mayor in this
city. The republicans, and perhaps the demo
crats, will have a "straight" candidate in the
field against him. In Boston Mayor Gaeton will
here-elected without much opposition, though
Newton Talbot has been nominated by the repub
licans and some citizens who are dissatisfied with
Mr Gaston.
POLITICAL AND PERSONAL.
A New York reporter announces that Senator
Sumner has gone to Washington “with the full
'expectation that he will be replaced at the hesd
‘of the committee on foreign relations." This
statement probably needs some qualification. If
it were said that all the republican leaders who
are at the same time honest and wbe, desire to
see Mr Sumner replaced, and that many of them
have told him so, it would no doubt be true.
But we believe it is also true that Gen Grant,
who procured the removal of onr senator from
that position, (inspired by an enmity unworthy
the president of a great nation,) persists in his
narrow opinion, and refuses to allow his friends
la the Senate to perform an act of justice which
would be at the same time a confession of the
presidential blunder. And so potent is the White
Bouse influence in the Senate that it is unreason
able, as yet, to expect that Mr Sumner will be
restored to his chairmanship. Besides which,
there arc men like Butler and Roscoe Conkling,
to mention no others, who have grudges of their
own against our senator, which they will gratify
whenever they can. But the best men in the re
publican party, and some of those who tempo
rarily enjoy the president's confidence, have
been endeavoring for months to have Mr Sumner
restored, and deserve to succeed, as perhaps they
may.
Mr Samuel T. Spaulding of Northampton, the
retiring district attorney, in response to a letter
signed by many of the prominent republicans of
SPRINGFIELD, MASS., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1871.
his town and county, has contented to be a can
didate for Congress in the place of Gov Wash
burn, soon to resign. Mr Spaulding would make
an excellent member of Congress, and now seems
to be the leading candidate from Hampshire
county for the approaching vacancy in the ninth
district, though the friends of Mr H. G. Knight
of Easthampton are also moving in his behalf,
and Mr C. A. Stevens of Ware is also a candidate.
On the other hand, Worcester county wants the
nomination, and Fitchburg alone furnishes five
candidates,—Messrs Crocker, Norcross, Towne,
Kimball and Merriam. Franklin county will, of
course, present no candidate, but may take it
upon herself to decide, in the last resort, between
the opposing candidates from the other counties.
The latest from lowa is, that William B. Alli
son has a sure thing on that seat in the Senate.
If this is so, we are sorry for Rev Dr Newman,
who will thus lose a valued parishioner. We
should bo sorry for Brother Harlan also, if
we did not know how little this spiritually
minded man really cares for such transitory
things as United States senatorships. He values
worldly honors and official position only as they
afford greater opportunities for usefulness in the
moral vineyard. And he will probably be quite
as useful distributing tracts among the “free
‘thinking German element" in lowa as making
San Domingo speeches in Washington.
Gen Walker assumed the control of the Indian
bureau on Monday, and will give up active su
pervision of the census to Col Harrington, his
first-assistant, though he will still remain nominal
superintendent and give his personal attention to
some scientific matters. It is not likely that
there will be any violent change of the plans and
methods in the Indian bureau, at least, not at
present, but we look to see a vigorous reform in
the direction of honesty and accountability begin
at once, and the most possible made of the clum
sy and creaking machinery that has been invent
ed forthe management of Indian affairs.
It really seems as though we were never to have
done with Catacazy and his dispute with the state
department. Following closely upon the heels
of the announcement that Catacazy had retired
from the Russian legation at Washington, and
Gen Gorlcff was installed in his stead, comes the
story that Catacazy still claims to be Russian
minister to this country, in good and regular
standing; that Gorloff is his subordinate, sub
ject to his direction, and that when Catacazy has
got through waiting on the Grand Duke Alexis
in this country, he is going home on a visit, bnt
expects to come back again and resume his place
as Russian embassador at Washington. The
first part of this may be true, but we are con
fident the last part of it will not be verified.
When Catacazy once leaves the country we are
very sure he will never return, at least not in an
official capacity.
The Boston correspondent of the New York
Times says the great effort of Senator Sumner,
at the coming session of Congress, is to be in be
half of a return to specie payments. Mr Sum
ner, who is now on his way to Washington, is
said to have developed his views to some of the
leading financiers of New England meeting with
much approbation, and the country in general
will share in the enthusiasm of the Boston com
mercial club on being told that he intends to la
bor for an immediate return to specie payments.
This is one of the things left to be done fly the
jvar which has not received the attention it has
deserved from the politicians and doctors of
finance, and we are glad to hear that Mr Sumner
will push it with the pertinacity and zeal that
mark all his efforts.
There is a good deal of a muddle in politics in
Georgia. Gov Bullock having resigned, Mr Con
ly, president of the Senate, became governor ac
cording to the constitution. When the Legisla
ture met the Senate elected one Trammel in place
of Conly, and insisted that he should have the
place. Failing in this, the Legislature, which is
largely democratic, passed a bill to hold a special
election to fill the unexpired term of Bullock.
This Conly vetoed, but the democrats passed it
over his veto. Hence there is to be a special elec
tion December 10, and the bill provides that the
governor then elected shall be sworn in the next
day. One W. T. Wofford is said to be the com
ing man, but whoever is elected Conly is likely to
dispute his claim to the governorship with all the
force he can command.
Mr Greeley and his associates of the Union re
publican general committee have concluded to go
on biting their thumbs a while longer. At their
last meeting, Mr Greeley submitted the plan of
the state committee for “harmonizing” matters
in New York, with a few remarks which plainly
indicated that he didn't like it. No more did the
rest. A resolution “respectfully declining" to
accede to the propositions of the state committee
was voted with enthusiasm. So the irrepressible
conflict is as far from being repressed as ever.
A cable dispatch announces that the emperor
of Germany has accepted the position he was in
vited to assume by the treaty of Washington
as arbitrator between the United States and
England on the disputed San Juan boundary
question. Mr Bancroft will present the Ameri
can side of the controversy, as prepared by the
state department at Washington, on the 10th of
December, and it is expected that the English
government will also present the argument in
support of their claim within a short time, so
that the long vexed question is likely to be soon
decided.
The executive council has confirmed the nomi
nation of John W. Bacon of Boston to be justice
of the superior court, and of ex-Mayor Briggs of
this city to be railroad commissioner. Tue court
and the commission are now full and in complete
running order.
Secretary Boutwell was interrogated, Tuesday,
on the subject of recent newspaper comments in
relation to his method of negotiating the new
loan. The secretary stated that he followed the
line laid down in his printed circular of August
10, and has not departed from it. The arrange
ment was stated therein to be subject to the con
dition that the national banks should have an
opportunity, within 60 days, to subscribe for any
sum or any sums, not exceeding $50,000,000 in
all, and that the banks making or obtaining
subscriptions in coin would bo designated by tbe
secretary of the treasury as depositories o{ public
moneys,' on the condition of their placing in the
hands of the treasurer of the United States bonds
of the United States for tbe security of such de
posits. At the commencement of each month,
notice would be given of the redemption of an
amount of bonds equal to amount of subscrip
tions in coin for the preceding month, the inter
est to cease in 90 days from such netice. As the
bonds specified should mature, the deposits were
to be withdrawn from the several national banks.
A commission of one eighth of 1 per cent was to
be allowed on all subscriptions made or obtained
by the national banks. Secretary Boutwell de
nied that he has violated tbe law which author
izes the payment of one-half of 1 per cent, to
pay the expenses connected with disposing of
the loan. AU agents connected with its negotia
tion will receive only so much of one-half of 1
per cent as shall remain after paying for the en
graving and printing of the bonds, etc. With
this deduction, it is supposed that the compensa
tion will not amount to as much as one-fifth of I
per cent. The 90 days mentioned in the circular
gave the bank depositors a pecuniary advantage.
The government did not pay a cent more than if
the money had been deposited in the treasury
proper, where it would have lain idle.
The South Carolina Legislature met at Colum
bia on Tuesday, when Gov Scott’s message was
read. Tbe governor states that the whole public
debt is $11,994,905,which statement he knows from
severe personal scrutiny to be correct. He ar
gues that the depreciation of the state credit is
due to the persistent threats of repudiation made
by individuals and the press for political pur
poses, without which the debt would not exceed
810,000,000. He is confident that the state will
pay all obligation ato the last cent. Ho recom
mends that the Legislature prohibit borrowing
money or contr acting a debt to meet the current
expenses. He condemns extra session* of the
Legislature, r/Übout which the attacks of the op
position cou'xl not be successful. He urges the
Legislature to make the session short and eco
nomical, a nd recommends a fixed salary to mem
bers; that, numerous offices be abolished; that
the *slar’,M of all officials, except judges, be re
duced one third; that the taxon real estate be les
sened that the license system be abolished; that
rice, cotton and railroad tonnage be taxed; that
the 'bonds of the state be taken at par in pay
mect for land bought at tax sales, on the title
be'.ng warranted by the state, and that public
lends to the value of $1,006,000 be sold and state
bonds taken in payment. He reviews at length
tbe causes which led him to ask for the suspen
sion of tbe writ of habeas corpus. Under tbe ku
klux law, he claims that conciliation proved use
less and that the courts would not act, and that
the whites mistake magnanimity for weakness.
He declined to call out the militia, because it con
sisted of negroes, who would have been slaugh
tered and the people led to believe that the con
flict was between negroes and whites instead
of between the friends of the government and
its enemies. As late as last spring, many
prominent citizens promised him their co-opera
tion in suppressing kukluxism, but they effected
nothing, and the civil power being exhausted,
the governor applied to the national government
to protect the state against domestic violence.
He approves of the principle of minority repre
sentation, and advises changes in tbe election
law. He urges the Legislature to avoid all un
necessary appropriations, and believes that the
Legislature will so act as to prove that republi
canism and good government in South Carolina
are not, as falsely alleged, inconsistent with each
other. The message was made the special order
for Monday next. A'number of bills will be in
troduced looking to retrenchment and reform,
but none on the subject of repudiation.
John Quincy Adams, in a letter to the St Louis
Republican, warmly indorses the so called pas
sive policy of the democrats in tbe next presi
dential election. He says: “I am satisfied such a
course would be wise and patriotic, and shouli
be glad to see the democracy concur in
such a resolution. I regard the present
administration as a national calamity, and
its continuance should be averted at any
sacrifice, not because it is republican in
politics, but because it is mean in character,
sordid in tone, and ignorant, corrupt and
awitrary; because, more than any admin
istration we have had, it has disappointed
I the hopes and deadened the generous aspirations
j of the good men of all parties; because it is do
ing more to permanently disunite the states than
the government of Jefferson Davis ever did; be
cause its chief conceives that there is no mean
fora free government but military force, and no
public action but private profit. Four years more
of such education, family patronage and martial
law will so blind the keen sensibilities of popular
liberty thrt our ignoble incubus might as well
remain a fixture.”
The official figures of the late New York stat
election show that G. Hilton Scribner, republican
l candidate for secretary of state, received 387,107
vote*, and Diedrich Willers, democrat, 368,214,
making the former’s majority 18,893.
The labor reform convention called to meet at
Washington in December has been abandoned,
and will meet at Columbus, 0., on the third
Wednesday in February, with tbe object of work
ing in harmony with the national labor conven
tion then to be held there, with a view of defeat
ing a third party organization.
NISCELLANEOVb.
Mr Charles L. Brace, the founder and efficient
secretary, for nearly twenty years, of the New
York Children’s Aid society, has just made his
annual report for 1871, from which it appears
that the society has provided homes for nearly
4000 persons during the year, namely, 1856 boys,
SB7 girls, 303 men and 340 women. The whole
number provided with homes since 1854 is 25,215,
and the money expended in this and tbe manifold
other work of this admirable charity has been
$1,093,923, in eighteen years. This year the ex
penses have been $153,741, and would have been
l more but for the misappropriation by the Tam-
I many ring of more than $30,000 which should
have been paid over by tbe city to the society.
I The failure to receive this money cripples the
present work of Mr Brace’s charity, but we trust
1 the deficiency will be made good by the city or
by private contributions.
Tbe political commotion in Belgium has pro
duced the resignation of a high official, Decker,
from his new position as governor of Limburg,
famous for its cheese and its Catholicism, and
now the populace of Brussels, flushed with
victory, compel the resignation of the Catholic
ministry. The Catholic party in Belgium is
mainly in the provinces where Flemish is spoken,
Antwerp being their chief city, while Brussels
md tbe other great cities are anti-Catholic. It is
impossible to say how far the present movement
will go, but it begins to threaten the peace of all
Belgium—that little artificial kingdom, which
Palmers'on cut out like a gingerbread man and
set up in the face of Louis Philippe, 40 years ago.
The ministry of Count Anetban resigned, Wednes
day, hiving held office but 17 months, and the
popular tumult is over for the present. The king
has requested Georges Francois Thenisson to form
a new ministry, and the citizens of Ghent have
made a demonstration in favor of the reappoint
ment in it of Jules Bara, the popular minister of
justice from 1865 to JIB7O. He is a liberal states
man, as all the new ministers will be, now that
the Catholic party is defeated.
Tbe income tax on the New York Central scrip
dividend has been figured down to a compara
tively small sum, only about $105,060, instead of
more than 81,000,000 as it was under the first as
sessment, and of course the coropanv will feel
well paid for contesting the decree of the internal
revenue bureau. Tbe tax is now assessed on
only so much of the new stock as represents earn
ings that have accrued since the income tax law
was enacted, and the company was allowed to
figure out the proportion for itself. But it seems
to us a poor rule of taxation that does not apply
to corporations and individuals alike. If a man
liable to Income tax should be paid this year
SSOO that be earned 20 years ago, but failed for
some reason to receive then, he would be com
pelled to return it as part of Ms income this year
and pay taxes on it. In the case of an individ
ual no inquiry is made as to the time of earning
income, but of receiving it, and it is scandalous
that a rich corporation like the New York Cen
tral should have got off by paying one-tenth of
its just dues, through a ruling that does not ap
ply to the individual tax-payer.
We are glad to see that the president of tbe
Washington street railroad company has been
fined 820 and costs for allowing bis cars to be
overloaded. The prosecution was conducted by
the president of the Society for the prevention
of cruelty to animals, who proved that some
hprses were cruelly beaten while attempting to
draw a ear containing 47 passengers up a steep
grade. It has never occurred to anybody in
this country to prosecute horse railroad com
panies for cruelty to the passengers in allowing
their oars to be overcrowded as they frequently
are, but we are glad to see the matter taken up
in behalf of the horses, and wish the Washing
ton verdiet might be duplicated in other cities
every day of the week, till the horse cars are
limited to the number of passengers that can find
seats in them. Incidentally, the human as well
as the dumb animal would lie benefited by such
verdicts.
The Chicago authorities are trying to find out
how their fire started. Among other witnesses,
they have had up Mrs O'Leary,— tue owner of
the historical cow. This lady testified that on i
the eventful night she, her husband and her cbil-1
dren had all gone to bed, when a neighbor rapped
at their door and told them their barn was on
fire. She had beard since that the M Laughlins,
who lived in the same house with her, were hav
ing “a social time," that night, and a Mrs White
had told her that one of these McLaughlins went
into tbe barn to mills one of the cows. But she
didn’t know whether it was so or not This evi
dence of Mrs O’Leary goes far to silence tbe
skeptical critics who have undertaken to relegate
the cow-and-kerosene-lamp story to tbe domain
ol fiction.
The soldiers and citizens who are pursuing tbe
Apaches who murdered tbe Wickenburg (Arizo
na) stage passengers, have trailed them direct
ly to the Dale Creek reservation. The fact that
a large part of tbe Apacbes residing on tbe reser
vation were absent at the time of tbe attack on
the stage, is proven by an officer on the reserva
tion A dispatch says that among tbe passengers
wasone registered as Alfred W Loring of Wheel
er’s expedition. Loring was tbe only passenger
who was not wounded at the first fire of the In
dians, who were ambusbed and surrounded the
stage. The three passengers on the outside and
the driver were killed at the first volley. The In
dians then rushed for the stage. Loring and
Hamii lost their presence of mind, and jumped
from tbe stage on tbe side where the Indians
were. Shepherd and Kruger were both wounded,
but jumped from the other Bide and escaped. In
an instant Loring was surrounded by the sav
ages. After being wounded he tried to escape,
when tbe Indians fired three shots, two of which
passed through his body. Loring fell, and was
dispatched by a lance. Parties knowing him
here say that there is no doubt of his identity.
The people of Prescott, Arizona, raised volunteers
with the determination of killing every Apache
in the reservation, but finally consented to leave
I the matter with Gen Crook.
j The following estimate of tbe supply of cotton
I from all parts of the world for the year ending
September 30,1871, is from the most reliable
sources: Crop of tbe United States, 3 225,000
bales; supply from East Indies, 1,500,000; Bra
zil, 550,000; Egypt, -330,000; other countries,
250 000 The excess of stock in European ports
is 254,0f10 bales; excess in United States ports,
45.000 bales; in spinners’ bauds, 300,000 bales;
making the total supply for the year 6/54,000
bales. Allowing the consumption for the entire
year at the rate of 125,000 bales per week, which
rate can only tie reduced by extremely low prices,
there will be on hand at the end of the year,
239.000 bales.
The breach of promise suit of Miss L. K. Turn
er against Senor Caledoneo Ortes, a banker of
Hermosillo, Mexico, divides public attention with
tbe Horace Hawes contested will case at San
Francisco. Miss Turner was formerly a school
teacher, and afterward an employe in the United
States branch mint in San Francisco. She was
subsequently a clerk in tbe treasury department
at Washington. She is a daughter of the late Ad
i miral Turner of the United States navy. She
asks for damages in the sum of $200,000.
The brewery and malt house of Ballantine
Sons on Front street, Newark, N. J., was entirely
I destroyed by fire on Thursday morning. The
j loss will probably exceed $175,000, which is
nearly covered bv insurance in Newark, Phila
delphia and New York offices. Tbe brewery was
one of the largest and best constructed in the
I country, being eight stories high, 170 feet front
and 60 feet deep, and, besides the machinery, con
tained 75.000 bushels of malt.
At Cooperstown, N. Y., in a plain brick house
Judge Nelson of the United States supreme court
I resides. He is a hale octogenarian, fond of horse
track riding. When coming home from Wash
j ington, last summer, he stopped with bis colored
servant at an Albany hotel, and called for a
lunch, which the waiter soon announced as ready.
I “But," said the judge on entering the dining
room, “you have set on but one plate." “What!
i vou don’t want to eat with that nigger, do you?”
I “That’s none of your business!" thundered the
I judge; “seton another plate!” And the demo
cratic judge of the United States court lunched
with his negro.
A dispatch from Cheyenne says that the state
ment telegraphed East that a committee of the
Wyoming Legislature had reported that great
I frauds exist in the management of the territorial
I finances of Wyoming, is untrue. A majority of
the committee report that the accounts are cor
rect in every respect. One member reports that
certain irregularities exist in the manner of ren-
I dering accounts, and recommends that laws be
i passed for their correction, but no charge of
fraud is made by any member of the committee.
Arrangements are nearly complete for rebuild-
I ing tbe Lindell hotel at St Louis on the old site,
I only $22,000 remaining to be raised. Tbe new
building will cover the entire space bounded by
Sixth street, Seventh street, Washington avenue
and Green street, and will cost about $1.000,000
i The gloom of tbe Avondale mining disaster,
j near Wilkesbarre, l a., which costover a hundred
lives, has never been dispelled, and now a secret
has been divulged wbicb does away with the
i mystery but intensifies the horror. A man lately
died at Grand Tunnel, Pa, who said, just before
he breathed his last, that he, with five others,
i tired the breaker, and there was no accident in
the case. He tried to tell who bis companions in
I this horrible crime were, but was seized with a
fainting fit and died before communicating the
i valuable intelligence.
RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE-
CHCRCH AND MINISTBT.
Rev Dr Peet, rector of St Paul's Episcopal
church in Holyoke, has resigned.—Rev J. S.
Bachelder, formerly of Mittineague, has accepted
the call to Webster.—Rev Mr Worthington of
Woodville, has been called to the Baptist church
in Westminster.—A revival is in progress at the
Easthampton Methodist church.—Rsv F. P.
Chapin, pastor of the church at East Amherst,
was foimally dismissed from that face on Mon
day, on account of ill health. His successor, Rev
C. L Cushman, will be installed next March —The
Feeding Hills Methodist church is building a
parsonage for its pastor, Rev J. 11. Lord.—Rev
Frederick Hand will become pastor of the Con
gregational church at Millers Falls, next Sun
day.—Rev Z. W. Kemp of Rovalston, has de
clined a call to northwestern Illinois —Rev Wil
liam H. Bacon of Amesbury, has accepted a call
to the Congregational church in Laconia, N. 11.
—Rev J. J. Twiss, pastor of the Lowell First Uni
versalist church for the past 12 years, has been
called to the First Universalist church at Auburn.
N. Y —Rev Charles E. Grinnell of Charlestown,
has been (called to the church of the late Rev Dr
Gannett in Boston.—A strong revival has been
excited at tbe sailors' hospital in Chelsea, and
many conversions are reported -Tbe First Uni
tarian church at Beverly has called Rev EUery C.
Butler of Fairhaven, at a salary of slßoo.—Rev
W. J Potter, pastor of tbe Unitarian church at
New Bedlord, and a member of the Radical club,
bus been invited to the pastorate ot the Music
Hall society, Boston, in case of the continued ill
ness of Rev Mr Alger Rev H. G. DeWitt, the
evangelist, is bolding protracted meetings at
Berkshire Center, Vt aud a powerful rerival is
in progress.—Rev Mr Watson of Dover, N. H.,
has accepted the call to tbe Congregational
church in Hinsdale. N H —Kev Mr Cordo will
become pastor for the second time ot the First
Baptist church in Meriden, Ct., next Sunday
Rev Ribert Southgate has accepted a call w the
church in White River village, Ct.—Rev Mr
Knight of Rocky Hill. Ct., has tendered bis resig
nation, to take effect April 1 —Rev Mr Patten, a
Unitarian minister of Chenango countv, N. Y
has been admitted to orders in the Episcopal
church.—Rev George G. Hepworth has accepted
PRICK FIVE CENTS
•2,00 PEE fKAK.
the rectorship of 8t Augustine’s church in Ilion,
N. Y. Rev Mr Rankin has accepted a rail to the
Presbyterian church in tbe same place—Rev
William Taylor of Liverpool, England, who filled
Rev Dr Storrs’s pulpit in Brooklyn so acceptably
last summer, has received a call to succeed Bev
Dr Thompson at the Broadway (New York) Tab
ernacle, at a salary of S9OOO, and bi* traveling
expenses from England.—Rev Dr T. C. Strong
of the Reformed church at Ithaca, N. Y has ac
cepted a call to Aurora, N. Y
Rev C. M Bradley of West Stockbridge has
been called to tbe new Park Congregational
church at West Springfield, at a salary of $2006
a year, and it is understood he accepts' the call.—
Rev B. F Manwell has asked release from Ms en
gagement with the Congregational church la
Blandford, on account of ill-health.—Rev Mr
Reeves ot Boston has received a call to the First
Baptist church in Albany, N. Y., at a salary of
t'gjOO —Rev E. O Jameson of Salisbury has been
installed over the Congregational ebureh in East
Medway —Kev S C Kendall of the Milford Con
gregational church has resigned —Rev Dr C. C.
Parker of Gorham, Me., has received calls from
the Sscond Presbyterian church in Hanover, N.
J., and the Congregational church at Orient, L.
I—Revs Edward A. and Reuben D Osgood have
been ordained to the ministry at Eastport,
.Me —Rev Edwin F. Harlan has been m
i stalled over the North and South churches
at Cape Elizabeth, Me—The Congregational
church at Sanioornton, N. H., lately celebrated
its centennial—Rev A A Mffierd of Rome,
Miss., has accepted a call to the Baptist ebureu
at Brookline, Vt.—Rev J. M Paine of Hallowell,
Me., will become pastor of the Universalis:
church in Norwich, Ct.. January 1 —Rev Charts
W. Drake, formerly of Efitbart, Li., has been or
dainedto the ministry at Wapping, Ct. —Rev E.
IE Lewis of Bethel, Vt., has accepted a call to
I the Congregational church in Haddam, Ct —A
Universalis’, society has been organized at North
Dana —Rev J. G. Bartholomew has become pas-
I tor of tbe Universalist church at Syracuse, N Y.
I —Rev C H. W. Stocking, rector of Trinity
I church, Rochester, N. Y., has accepted a call to
the church of the Epiphany at Chicago Rev
t Henry Huntingdon has been installed over
jtbe Calvary church at Auburn, N. Y
Rev Edward Anderson has been installed over
I the Congregational church at Jamestown, N Y.
SINKING AS EXACT SCIBNCa.
Whatever arithmetic may have done for sacred
subjects of late years, it was formerly the expe-
IJient of orthodoxy more than of skepticism. A
curious instance of this kind of ingenuity occurs
।in a treatise by Father Mumford, an English
i Jesuit, who lived in the seventeenth eentury,
which little work is now reprinted and circulated
i under high sanction among our Boman Catholic
countrymen. To bring borne to us the number
jof our sins Father Mumford observes: A little
arithmetic will give us a great insight in this
matter The jnst man is said to sin seven times
a day, wherefore we may easily allow thrice mere
a day to one of those whom we call honest and
good men, such as the world hath but few of;
such a man, therefore, as this doth sin (venialft
ten times a day, taking one day with another.
The days in a wnoie year are 365; wherefore be
who every day sinneth ten times must at the
i year’s end have sinned ten times as often as there
are days in the year, which are 365. Add now
I one cipher, and we shall have 3650 So that tbe sins
of this good man, even in one year, come tono less
I than 3650. But if this honest man should live,
I even in this good manner, ten years, he should at
j ten years' end have commuted the former sum
ten times because he doth double it every year.
which sum ako is easily had by adding one
l cipher to the former sum of 3650, which, if we do,
lwe do find 36.500. What a thing is this! An in
nocent man—not a man, but a youth—doth cem
mit 36,500 sins, ail in ten years, wherefore, if th»
I youth should for ten years mere continue this his
I virtuous course of life be would double the sins
of bis former life, and make them amount to 73,-
000 before he came to be a middle aged man.
WOMAN SUTfBAGB IN CHURCH.
i A high authority in Connecticut states the
matter of women voting in Congregational
churches as follows: In church meetings for the
transaction of seme of tbe most important busi
i ness, such as the calfing of a pastor or election of
j other <.ffieers, ladies are not usually present. In
I meetings at which they are present, as they usual
ly are when tbe admission or dismissal of mem
bers is brought before tbe church, or delegates
are appointed to other ecclesiastical bodies, the
practice seems to vary in different churches. In
some the women vote, while in others they do not;
I in others still a few will do so, while the majority
I withhold any action. I suppose strict Congrega
tionalism would silence their voices and keep down
their bands: but I cannot see that the teachings of
Scripture require this, and especially in cases in
which they are largely in .he majority, as in
many Western churches. I think it would be ac
cording to the spirit, if not the letter, of cur
order to allow them to vote upon any questions
which come up for the decision of the ehnreh.
"Woman's right/ in the church are frequently
discussed in meetings of ministers in this state
and in our religious periodicals; but no con
clusion has been arrived at which is universafir
aecepted, though there seems to be a growing
disposition to allow them the vote.
MISCELLAKBOCS.
1 The Methodists of the 40 churches in the
Springfield district will bold a Sunday school in
stitute at Westfield December 19, 20 and 21. Rev
J. S. Ostrander of New York and the Sunday
school union of the denomination, will preside
and parts in tbe program are assigned to Rev Dr
Thayer, Revs J. H. Mansfield, J. O. Peck and C.
D. Hills of this city, G. W. Mansfield of North
ampton. William Gordon of Chester, and George
'Vhitakerof Westfield; Press T 11. Kimpton of
Chicopee and Asa Booth of Wilbraham, and Mrs
Jane C. Ribinson of Blandford. A font days'
meeting will begin at Easthampton December 5,
to be participated in by representatives of the 10
Methodist churches included in the four day
meeting association recently organized, with Rev
T. J. Abbott of Holyoke, president, and F. W
Clark of Northampton, secretary; and a similar
met Sue will soon be held at Chicopee Falls.
Rev Dr Ewer has at last broken entirely loose
from even the weak resiraint of Christ ciiurcb.
New York, and with his devoted following of
seceders has rented tbe ebureh of the Holy Light,
where he and they esn worship after the most
fantastic models, with no one to hinder or make
afraid He preached his first sermon there last
Sunday. Tbe services were conducted according
to the most advanced forms of ritualism, the
edifice bring darkened and gas kept burning
during tbe whole day. Tapers were also kept
lighted on tbe communion table, and a cross
formed of gas jets, glowed above. Nearly every
portion of the service was intoned. Dr Ewer's
sermon was devoted to explaining the purposes
for which the early church was established.
In furtherance of the Catholic mission to ths
South, Rsv Father Boyce of Maryland has bad
orders from his ecclesiastical superiors calling
him to attend and assist certain missionaries of
tbe Catholic church who have iate>y arrived from
England, and who propose to establish a perma
nent mission for the benefit of tbe blacks of
Maryland, near Bryantown, in Charles county.
Tbe mission was inaugurated by the pope, and
Archbishop Spalding has donated 60 acres of
good land near Bryantown, with an ample houss
tormerly used as an academy, in aid of the wwrk
Tbe priests who are to commence the labor are
four in number, are members of St Joreph s
society for fo’eign missions, ami coutMk^ate
establishing schools for black children wherevet
it is practicable Tbe mental improvement and
spiritual welfare of the bl»eks will be special lies
of the mission.