m ippii
The Spy should have the eye of Armis: i he is
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of t t
commonwealth.
W DUCESTEB
TIT ESSAY, Ot’TOKEK 10. IMI.
The C’hicnso Fire.
In the annals of many a great city is the
record of a calamity which its citizens recall as
“the great fire.” Rome was burned more than
once by hostile armies, and later by chance or
design in the time of Nero, when that profligate
eniperor, who was accused ot having kindled
the conflagration for the pleasure of seeing a
city in flames, is said to have viewed the spectn*
clc from the roof of his palace, “fiddling while
Rome was burning/* The great fire in London
is a familiar incident in the history of that
famous city. It occurred in 1666, two hundred
and five years ago. Three hundred and thirty
six acres were burned over; 18,200 houses,
ninety churches and many public buildings
were destroyed. The most disastrous Are that
ever occurred in this country, until that which
has just laid Chicago in ruins, was the great
fire in New York, December 16th, 1885, when
the population of that city exceeded but little
that of Chicago at present, its wealth was prob
ably not much greater and its public buildings
less handsome and costly. That fire destroyed
64S buildings, including the most valuable part
of the city, and consuming property to the
value of $20,000,000. It is too soon yet to ob
tain a trustworthy estimate of the loss by the
Chicago fire; but, judging from the imperfect
and confused accounts already received, it must
greatly surpass,in the area devastated, the num
ber of buildings consumed and the loss in
curred, the great conflagration to which elderly
New Yorkers refer as an era in their city's his
tory.
Chicago, which has surpassed most cities of
its age in the rapidity of its growth and the
magnitude and novelty of its public works, ex
cels them all, also, in the suddenness and extent
of this great disaster. The direct pccuniarv loss
in the destruction of buildings and their con
tents of every kind, is of coarse enonnous, but
this will not fall entirely upon the people of Chi"
cago. It is distributed among insurance com
panies in all parts of this country, and in Can
ada and in England. It is reported that a
single company, the Etna of Hartford, has
policies to the amount of eleven millions
on propertv in Chicago. Many lives must
have been lost in the terror and con
fusion, and thousands of families are
homeless and destitute. The rivers by which
the city is intersected seem to have been no
obstacle to the spread of the flames. Even
quarter of the city has suffered; what propor
tion of the buildings may have escaped It is yet
impossible to learn, but from the mention of
localities in the somewhat Jeonfused dispatches,
it seems probable that the statement that half
the city is in ashes is no exaggeration. Certainly
no such crushing disaster, nor any approaching
this in severity, has ever fallen upon a city in
modem times.
But besides the direct losses, there are other
consequences of this catastrophe that will be
felt severely there and elsewhere. Many insur
ance companies will doubtless be ruined and the
capital invested in them lost. Then, too, this is
the season when large amounts of money are
advanced by eastern banks and capitalists to
move the crops. Probably millions of bushels
of grain, on the security of which this money was
lent, have been destroyed and the debtors are
ruined. The eastern insurance companies,
besides their direct losses, have invested largely
in mortgage securities on Chicago property, and
other eastern capitalists, great and small, have
similar investments, whose value is now almost
destroyed.
Taking all these things into consideration, this
calamity can hardly fail to produce a financial
panic of unexampled severity. Another grave
consequence is the destruction of the records of
land titles in the court house. These were con
fused and uncertain enough at the best, but all
titles will now be thrown into almost hopeless
disorder, which will seriously interfere with in
vestments in rebuilding.
Fearful Conflagration in Chicago.
HALF THE CITY DESTROYED j.
Two terrible 6res have desolated Chicago, and
one of them was still racing at a late hour last
evening. The first broke out about eleven
o'clock Saturday evening, and was very de
structive. It raged until nearly twelve o’clock
Sunday night. The second fire began about an
hour after the first had been subdued. It started
half a mile south of the first, on Dekoven
street, at a point not far from the center of the
southern half of the city, and moved north
ward, finally crossing the intervening branch
of Chicago river and raging through the most
important and valuable part of the city, situa
ted between this branch of the river and Lake
Michigan. Here were the principal buildings
connected with the business of Chicago, the
principal hotels, banks, and newspaper offices;
and here, yesterday, everything was destroyed
on the whole territory, from Chicago river as
far south as Harrison street. This portion of
the burnt district will average seven-eighths of
a mile long by Irom two-thirds to three-quarters
of a mile wide. The great depot of the Michi
gan Central and Illinois Central railroads stood
in the northeast corner of this district, and the
tracks of these roads run along the east side of
it. The follow ing account of the origin and
progress of the second fire, was telegraphed
yesterday:
Chicago, Oct. 9-1.45, a. m.— The fire started
in a row of two story wooden tenements on De
koven street, between Jefferson and Clinton,
and, as was the case last night, spread with ter
rible rapidity. Before a single engine could get
ott the road halt the block was in flatties and
burning furiously. The entire department were
soon on the ground and at work. For a time
it seemed probable that thev would succeed in
confining it to four or five blocks. The wind was
blowing freshly when the fire started and in
creased to a gale, and suddenly the flames seem
ed to spread in every direction, becoming be
yond the control of the fire department.
Ihe conflagration has already devastated at
least twenty blocks, mostly composed of the
smaller class of dwellings inhabited by poor peo
ple. Not less than three hundred buildings
have been entirely destroyed, and more, than
that number of tamilies rendered homeless. The
wind is blowing almost a gale from the soutli
and showers oi sparks and burning brands are
sweeping over the city, threatening destruction
on every hand. The tower of the court house
caught fire from flying brands, but was extin
guished by the watchman. No description can
give an adequate idea of the terrible scene.
Chicago, Oct. 9—2 a. m.— The fire to-night is
the most terrible in the annals of Chicago. It
has already swept over twenty blocks, and is
raging with unabated fury under a fierce south
ern gale. The city is in a panic, and people
are rushing to and fro in the streets iu terrible
excitement. Trains have been sent to neighbor
ing cities lor steam fire engines, as our force is
powerless. The fire lias now’ extended a mile
Irom where it started, Dekoven street, aud has
reached the vicinity of the telegraph office, op
posite the court house, and is a mile wide. The
telegraph office is threatened with destruction.
One ot the finest blocks in the city, opposite
that office, is nowon fire. The fire has crossed
Chicago river. The wind spreads the flames in
all directions. It has now reached West Mon
roe street, a distance of more than a mile Irom
where it started, and covers a breadth of nearly
“t C r^ ac bmLri ,om river to Jefferson
street. The district already burnt embraces an
immense number of lumber vards and freight
depots of the Chicago and St. Louis and Pitts
lmrg, Fort ayne and Chicago railroads The
property already destroyed counts up manv
millions ot dollars, and perhaps the half is not
told. The task of arresting the flames now
seems fivefold greater than an hour ago, and uo
one dare venture au opinion as to when or
where it will 6top.
Two o'clock at Chicago is three o'clock here.
The were sent from the office in the
city until it w’as enveloped in flames.
THE NEXT DISPATCHES.
2:10 a. m —The flames are raging with in
creased fury in every direction, and God's mercy
can only save the city from utter destruction. A
learlul panic prevails all through the streets
where the people are rushing to and fro and
weeping ana wailing. The fire is approaching
the telegraph office, and it will probably have
soon to be vacated. Brands from the fire were
blown across to the east side of the river, and
bu, L dm OD flre directly adjoining
the Chicago gas house, aud the flames spread m
every direction among the The
prospects arc that the gas house will be destroyed
and the city wrapped iu darkness. A terrible
panic is prevailing throughout the city. Almost
everybody, men, women and children are in the
streets. It now looks as if the whole city mi<riit
be destroyed. Large numbers of lives have
been lost, but how many caunot be known until
the fire has boon arrested,
The alarm bell has. just commenced ringing an
increasin'" peal, which is intended to call every
sleeper from Iris bed. The panic is increasing
ami the people seem almost crazy with alarm.
The vessels in the river arc catching fire in every
direction, and all on the South river will probably
l>e destroyed. A raging, roaring liell of fire
envelopes twenty blocks of the city. It is
already scorching the block of the telegraph
office where this dispatch is written, and sweep
ing onward a whirlwind of flumes against which
human efforts are fruitless, and it is impossible
to tell where it will stop. The bridge across Van
Buren street is burned. The cars on the track of
the Chicago and Alton and Fort Wayne rail
roads,with their freight houses, are swept away.
Thousands of people fill the streets, rushing out
of their dwellings in many instances barely in
time to save their lives. The block immediately
across the street irom the telegraph office, one
of the finest in the city, is now in flames.
Chicago, Oct. 9—lo a. m.— The entire busi
ness portion of the city is destroyed, all the
banks, express and telegraph offices, all the
newspaper offices except the Tribune, six eleva
tors, and the water works have been burned.
There is no water in the city, and not less than
ten thousand buildings have already been de
stroved. The fire has burned a distance of five
miles, and is still- raging. The wind is blowing
a gale, and it will be Impossible to get any relia
ble detailed particulars for some time, as there
is only one telegraph wire working, and that
only to the suburbs.
The fire now rages on the north side, cast of
Wells street, extending up to Chicago avenue in
a northeasterly direction. It is being checked
to the windward on the south and west sides.
The wind seems to blow hard and to be chang
ing toward the south. I think the fire reaches
toward the great Central depot, and that it is
probably destroyed. The Lake Shore and
Michigan Southern, and the Rock Island rail
road depots, the city water works, the Tremont
house, Sherman house, Crosby opera house,
etc., arc among the buildings destroyed. The
elevators on Main and River streets must have
been burned, as the fire was raging on both
sides at seven o'clock this morning when l was
there. Thousands of people are homeless, and
the losses will exceed fifty millions of dollars.
One third of the city is in ruins. All banks,
insurance offices, warehouses and elevators
have been destroyed. Fully ten thousand build
ings have been burned. The fire is still raging
and the wind is blowing a gale. There is no
water. The fire is now coming south on Wabash
avenue, and will probably reach us here where
a temporary telegraph office has been estab
lished, before night.
OTHER DISPATCHES.
Boston, Oct. 9.—Ouc of our principal mer
chants has received the following dispatch from
a leading lawyer and large real estate owner:
Chicago, Oct. 9,1871.
To Geo. C. Richardson, Devonshire street, Bos
ton.
Chicago is in ashes. The calamity is awful.
Miles are burned over. Send donations from
Boston for the suffering people. The water
works are burned, and the telegraph destroyed.
C. A. Gregory.
Cincinnati, Ohio, Oct. 9.—The mayor has
telegraphed the mayor of Chicago offering the
services of the fire department if needed. It is
reported that many houses have been blown up
in the effort to stem the conflagration, but with
out effect. A mass meeting is being held here,
presided over by Gov. Hayes, for the relief of
the Chicago sufferers. The mayors of nearly all
the western cities have proffered relief and as
sistance to the mayor of Chicago. The chief en
gineer of the Cincinnati fire department, with
three engines and hose cars, has started for Chi
cago.
LATEST YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
Englewood, ten miles from Chicago, Oct. 9—
11 a m. —The work of devastation continues.
More than one-half of the city is already de
stroyed, and the flames continue their ravages
almost unopposed. At about one o’clock this
morning the fiic crossed the river at Adams
street bridge, and soon destroyed the gas works,
and then spread itself in every direction. At
this hour almost every building, from Harrison
street north to the Chicago river, is destroyed,
including all the insurance offices, banks, ho
tels, telegraph offices, newspaper establish
ments, with the exception of the Tribone office,
which is fire-proof, the court house, Sherman
house, Tremont bouse, Palmer house, new Pa
cific hotel, new Bigelow hotel, and, in fact,
everything else is** swept clear. This district
embraces all the heavy business houses m the
city. The rain of fire ana brimstone on Sodom
aDd Gomorrah can hardly t*e compared to the
devastating rain ot the fire fiend in Chicago.
More than one-half of the population are now
rushing through the streets in vehicles, which
are obtained at enormous prices, on foot, and in
every other way. with the choicest household
treasure in their arms and on their backs, in ut
ter confusion, knowing whither to go. Fear
ful suffering must follow, and almost immedi
ately. Full 150,000 people are at this moment
homeless and houseless, not knowing where to
lay their heads or get anything to satisfy the
cravings of hunger.
It appears by these dispatches that the fire
had found its way to every important part of
the city. It began in the southern part, went
northward with great rapidity, and had passed
through the business part of the city, crossed
the main channel of Chicago river, and gone
beyond Dearly a mile and a quarter. The dis
patches in our telegraphic columns give some
account of the destruction in this part of the
city. From Division street at the north to Har
rison street at the south, the distance is two
miles; and a district that will average more
than a mile wide, lying between these two
streets, is burnt over. How much has been
burned in the districts west of Chicago river and
its south branch, has not been told; but the two
fires began west of the river, and the destruc
tion caused by the fire was on that side. See
the last night's dispatches for the latest news.
In speaking of the county offices, yesterday,
we might have said, as we do now, that Mr.
William O. Brown of Koyalston, the county
commissioner whose term expires this year, has
proved an excellent officer, oi sound judgment,
diligent and conscientious. Having found him
efficient and faithful, the county cannot afford
to lose his services. Mr. Brown, we understand,
is willing to accept a re-nomiuation. it is rare
that a county commissioner leaves office at the
expiration of his first term, and this is no case
for an exception to the general custom.
Boyn an Farmer*.
There are so many bright spots in the life of a
farm-bov, that I sometimes think I should like
to live the life over again; I should almost lie
w illing to be a girl, if it were not for the chores.
There is a great comfort to a boy iu the amount
of work he can get rid of doing’ It is sometimes
astonishing how slow he can go on an errand,
he w’bo leads the school in a race. The world is
new and interesting to him, and there is so
much to take his attention off, when he is sent
to do anything. Perhaps he couldn’t explain
himself why, when he is sent to the neighbor’s
after yeast, he stops to stone the frogs; he is not
exactly cruel, but he wants to see it he can hit
'em. No other living thing can go so slow as a
boy sent on an errand. His legs seem to be
dead, unless he happens to espy a woodchuck in
an adjoining lot, when lie gives chase to it like a
deer; and it is a curious fact about boys, that
two will be a great deal slower in doing anything
than one, and that the more you have to help on
a piece of work, the less is accomplished. Boys
have a power in helping each other do nothing;
and they are so innocent about it, and uncon
scious. “I went as quick as ever I could,” says
one boy, when his lather asks him whv he didn't
stay all night when he has been absent three
hours on a ten-minute errand. The sarcasm has
no effect on the boy.
Going alter the cows was a serious thin<«- in
toy day. I had to climb up a hill which was
covered with wild strawberries in the season
Could any boy pass by those ripe berries? And
then in the fragrant hill-pasture there were beds
ol wintergreen, with red berries, tufts of colum
bine, loots ol sassafras to be dug, and dozens of
things good to eat or smell, which 1 could not
resist. It sometimes even lay in my wav to
climb a tree to look for a crow’s nest, or to
swing in the top, or to see if 1 could see the
steeple of the village church. It become very
important, sometimes, lor me to see the steeple;
and in the midst of my investigations the tin
horn would blow a great blast from the farm
house, which would send a cold chill down my
back in the hottest days. I knew what it meant.
It had a frightfully impatient quiver in it, not
at all like the sweet notes that called us to din
ner from the hay field. It said: “Why on
earth doesn’t that boy come home? It is al
most dark, and the cows ain’t milked!”
And that was the time when the cows had to
start into a brisk pace to make up for lost time.
I wonder if any boy ever drove the cows home
late, who did not say the cows were at the fur
ther end of the pasture, and that “Old Brindle
was hidden in the woods and he couldn’t find
her for ever so long.” The brindle cow is the
boy 8 scapegoat many a time.
No other boy knows how to appreciate a holi
day as the farm boy does, and his best ones arc
of a peculiar kind. Going fishing is, of course
one sort The excitement of rigging up the
tackle, digging the bait, and the anticipation of
great luck, these are pure pleasures, enjoyed be
cause they are rare. Boys who can go fishing
any time care but little for it. Tramping all
day through brush and brier, fighting flies aud
mosquitoes, and branches that tangle the line,
and suags that break the hook, and returning
home late and hungry, with wet feet and a string
of speckled trout on a willow twig, and have
the family crowd out at the kitchen door to look
at 'em and say, “Pretty well done for you, bub;
did you catch that one yourself?'' This is also
pure happiness, the like of which the boy will
never have again; not if he come to be a select
man and a deacon, and to “keep store.”
But the holidays I recall with delight were the
two nays m the spring and fall, when we went
to toe distant pasture lands, inti neighboring
I™!°^ t drive thither the young cattle
and colts, and drive them back again. It was a
wild aud rockv upland, where our great pasture
“jny® I** 1 om home, the rood to it run
ning by a brawling river, and up a dashing
brookside, among the great hills. What
a days adventure it was! It wag tike a
journey to Europe The night before, I could
scarcely sleep for thinking of it; and there was
no trouble about getting me up at sunrise that
morning. 1 he breakfast was eaten, the luncheon
was packed in a large basket.
1 wish the journey would never end; but at
last, by noon, we reach the pasture, and tun! in
the herd; and after making the tour of the lots
to make sure there are no breaks in the fences,
we take our luncheon from the wagon, and eat
mn f;uln Spn: Morrestcr, Cucsban JSfonrarg, October 10, 1371.
it under the trees by the spring. This is the su
preme moment of the day. This is the way so
live; this is like the Swiss Family Robinson, and
all the rest of my delightful acquaintances in
romance. Baked beans, rye and Indian bread
moist, remember— doughnuts, and cheese, pic
ami root beer. What richness!
You may live to dine at Delmonico’s or at
Phillippe’s, in the Rue Montorguell, in Paris,
where the good old Thackeray used to eat as
good a dinner as anybody, but you will get there
neither doughnuts, nor pie, nor root beer, nor
anything so good ns that luncheon at noon in the
old pasture, high among the Massachusetts hills!
Or will you ever, if|you live to be the oldest boy
in the world, have any holiday equal to the one
I have described. But 1 have always regretted
that I did not take a fish line, just to “throw in”
the brook we passed. I know there were trout
there.— C. D. Warner, in Work and Play.
Alligator Hunt in Ecuador.
I Correspondence N. Y. Times.)
Since I hare been ut Guayaquil there is noth
ing I have enjoyed better than a good shooting
excursion 1 had recently. It was not for doer,
wild turkey, pigeons, ducks, &c., but to shoot
some of the horrible-looking, monstrous alliga
tors, or caymen, that infest the Riode Guaya
quil. Some* little time ago, Senor Basndro,
(deputado de Tacua,) Senor Camavaro, Captain
Bening and myself left Guayaquil at 11 o'clock
at night, with four men to pull our boat, armed
with three first-class repeating rifles, provisions
and blankets, and in fact all we required. The
night was very dark, and we passed the time
talking and relating anecdotes until about 8
o’clock in the morning, when we had arrived
alongside of a balsa or raft, made fast to the
bank of the river. This balsa was rooted over,
and had walls of cane split and nailed perpen
dicularly upon the sides of the house, which was
well ventilated and had plenty of room lor rats
and even mosquitoes to get in, large as they are
in this part of the country. It was in this In
dian Noah's ark that at three in the morning
we laid down and tried to sleep a little before
daylight, but were prevented by a little game
that was being played by fifteen or sixteen
pigs, several goats, a number of dogs and eats,
and one or two monkeys that were chasing each
other around the room. Sometimes a large pig
or goat would playfully alight on a would-be
sleeper’s face, which would of course gently
arouse him, and if it was a balsero or raftsman
that was roused up, he would swear very lit
tle, composedly roll up a cigaretto, smoke it,
and off to sleep again manfully; and I am sure
that if a cigaretto was consumed every time any
one was awoke (and I have reason to believe
that to be the case) it must have required mil
lions of them during the year, as there were
twenty-four persons on the balsa. They were
all of the same family, father, son and grand
son, all married. All had children with them,
who were sleeping on the balsa, which was di
vided into two rooms. After having been
aroused at least a dozen times we concluded at
fi e o’clock to start for the scene of the day’s
sport, which was about three miles distant. It
was still very dark, the fide very low, and the
boat was deeply laden with ten persons in it.
We arrived at the grounds, where I proposed to
s ay until daylight, but as we saw a small hut on
the* bank of the creek, we decided to stop there
to take coffee and something to eat before we
went to work murdering the crocodiles. As
soon as daylight appeared we pushed off from
shore, and found that we had arrived at a place
swarming with the hideous monsters. Although
1 have been up the bayous of the Mississippi and
in Florida, both famed as haunts of the alliga
tor, I never saw at either of the above places so
many or such enormous specimens as I saw at
the place where our boat was making lor the
shore. In a few moments the boat grounded on
a mud bank about two hundred feet from the
bank of the bayou where the hut was situated,
and as my companions were very anxious to get
on shore, we called to the Indians to bring
a canoe. My friends went and I stopped
alone in the boat. The canoe had
scarcely gone fifty feet from the boat before it
was upset, (through the stupiditc of one of our
boatmen), and uirie people were thrown into the
water. They splashed and strugged and made
so much noise, until they were in the canoe
again, as to excite little fear that they would be
molested by the alligators. Clothing dried,
coffee taken", and we commenced our onslaught
in earnest The first we saw was a fine, full
grown fellow on the bank of the creek, about
three feet above the level of the water. We all
fired together, at a distance of only twenty-five
yards, and lodged four balls from our Spencer
and Henry rifles into his enormous skull and
shoulders! which killed him at once. Measur
ing him we found him to be fifteen feet long,
with a body as large in circumference as that of
a full grown bullock. Leaving bim there, we
proceeded up a small creek that lies on the left
of Boca Yuagnache, and about a half a mile
inside the Boca we managed to get within twen
ty yards of a group of thirty, all lying side by
side. We kept up a continual fire* upon them
from our repeating rifles until twenty-five of
them were dead or wounded, the remaining five
escaping, we supposed, uninjured. The wound
ed, as soon as hit by a ball, would make a des
perate rush for the water, leaving a bloody spot
in the mud behind them, while the untouched
would steal, or rather sneak, into the water as
slowly as possible, and although the balls would
splash the mud all around them, still they would
not accelerate their movements, but would slide
easily down the soft mud until their yellow grey
ish eyes only were above the water, and there
they would wait and watch you. We put many
a ball that day into their ugly, scaly visages as
they floated on the surface of the muddy
stream and glared at us. In one instance we
killed an immense fellow with about fifteen
balls, and tried to cut off his head as a trophy,
but found it too tough for the sharpest knives,
About a mile still further up this creek, we saw
the water fairly covered with mud-colored beads
of the monstrous brutes. Had I not witnessed
the spectacle before I could hardly have believed
that there were as many alligators in all South
America as I saw in this little bayou. In another
place we counted fifty-four of the largest I have
ever seen, and we singled out the largest of
them a* a mark for our rifles. The great fellow
rose up from among the group as soon as he saw
us, and crawled silently into the water, and
swam or floated away. This huge fellow we sup
posed was the king of the group, as the others
immediately afterwards followed him. We had
better luck with the “queen/’(supposed to have
been, as she rose soon after her royal husband
had taken to the water, but seven bullets went
crushing through her head, and she fell dead a
few feet from the water, covered with blood. We
pushed in the boat to see if we could not get her
into the water, but she was such an enormous
brute, we could not move her head. It the mean
time the alligators' ugly snouts were appearing
m the water outside of the boat in great numbers,
and so fast did they rise that for the first time
we became alarmed for our safety, and feared
that they would attack the boat. We loaded and
fired our repeaters as rapidly as we could. The
water soon became dyed with blood, while the
brutes lashed it iu their agony with their tails
until it foamed. Finally the}* were driven off,
and we started for Guayaquil with a dead alli
gator in tow, after the best day's sport I ever
experienced. Malecon.
How Free Trade Work*.
[From the Evening Mail.]
Chicago, Aug. 21,1871.
On reading your editorial this evening on
Canada and free trade, it brought to my mind
some particulars which occurred a few weeks
ago while visiting Detroit. Having some leisure
on Sunday afternoon l stepped aboard the ferry
boat and crossed over to Windsor. Your read
ers will bear in mind that Windsor is opposite
in Canada, about five minutes sail from De
troit, and enjoys all the blessings of free
trade, while Detroit suffers under the tyranny
of protection. As I have always desired to get
practical illustrations on the questions of pro
tection and free trade, I thought here are two
countries equal iu climate, soil, etc. Now the
conditions of these people, so near each other,
would give me a good idea which afforded the
largest amount of prosperity to the largest
number of people; to get at which I thought
best to ask citizens of the respective countries.
Getting off the boat I fell in with what seemed
to be a pretty fair specimen ot the Joint Bull
Kanuek. 1 said:
“Live here, sir?”
Kanuek—“Yes, sir.”
Correspondent—-“ Times pretty good here?”
Kanuek—“No, sir; every second able-bodied
man leaving.”
Correspondent—“ Where are you going to!”
Kanuek—“Over to the states.”
Correspondent—“ That’s bad. Can't you find
work for them here?”
Kanuek—“No. Look around you. Here is
Windsor, and not a house going up, and you
can see it looks as though a shingle had not been
disturbed since the flood. You can hire all the
men you want for seventy-five cents per day,
in the states the same laborer gets
Correspondent—“Wliat'e the cause of that?”
Kanuek—“Don’t know. It looks as though
we’d all have to go over to the states.”
I started towards the Sulphur Springs, whi°h
is about three miles down the river, and got
talking to the proprietor of the hotel.
Correspondent —“Nice hotel. 1 suppose it pays
well
Landlord—“ Well, things are so dull l cannot
say how it does yet. Wc have to depend on the
states for patronage, and it is not welt known
yet.”
Correspondent—“ How much better would it
be for you to have your springs over in the
states?”
Landlord—“ Better! I would give SSOOO to
have it just across the-river.”
On ray return to the boat I fell in with a
farmer, and as I desired to find out Irom that
object of free trailers’ love what was their con
dition under free trade, I readily drew him into
conversation.
<Jorrespondent—“Good day, sir; nice garden
you have here. Where do you sell your vege
tables B
Farmer—“ Over in Detroit.”
Correspondent—“ Over in Detroit, indeed
have you no other market?”
Farmer—“No, sir; only for the states wc
would only raise enough vegetables for our own
family.
(Correspondent—'“But you have to pay duty?”
Farmer—“ Yes, we pay ten per cent duty.”
Correspondent—“ Then you pay ten cents on
the dollar for the privilege of selling in the
states, and the American farmer gets ten cents
on the dollar more than you for his vegetables?”
Farmer—“ Yes, sir; and we have to pay twen
ty-five cents on the dollar oil horses, so* that if
the American farmer has a hor6e worth $125,
our horse, equally as good, is only worth SIOO,
for wc have no market here. All have to be
taken to the states.”
Correspondent—“ You pay that per centage
out of your own pocket. Some of our folks iu
the states say wc, who consume your produce,
have to pay it.”
Farmer —“Well, I don’t know what you call
paying; but 1 know wheu I carry $5 worth of
vegetables to Detroit I pay fifty cents to the
American custom house, and come back With
$4.50 instead of $5; the same with a horse. It
he is worth $125 I pay $25 to the. custom house,
and arrive home with only SIOO. If there is
any of you Yankees that can figure that out of
your pockets, I would like to have you do so.
Stepping on the ferry boat I got in chat with
the captain.
Correspondent—“We 1, captain, docs this boat
pav?”
Captain—“ Well, yes, kitid’er good. Many
come over from Detroit on Sundays. Windsor
would be dead only for them/*
Correspondent—“ What do.’yon think of an
nexation?''
Captain—“ Annexation! I have SIO,OOO worth
of property in Windsor and 1 will give SSOOO of
it for annexation and make a good bargain
then/*
After a little further conversation the boat
landed and I,stopped off on this benighted coun
try ol protection, satisfied that protection or
something was wanted to help Canada. Per
haps our free trade friends will say that's not
fair. This is the United States, and they are
under a foreign flag; but the United States un
der free trade was in just the same condition.
Cdnduranoo.—The Chicago Tribune tells
the following story of a remarkable cure by
cundurango:
A citizen of Chicago, of high standing, took
his wife, who liad been long afflicted, to Wash
ington. Her case was a most serious one, in
volving a speedy termination in one way or the
other. She tried the remedy, and patiently
awaited the result. After some days—less than
two weeks—the cancer exhibited alarming
signs, threatening lier with death from bleed
ing. Dr. Bliss could not account for the
change, and an immediate operation was re
solved upon, the result of which, considering
the size of the cancer and the condition of the
lady, was so doubtful that little hope was enter
tained of her surviving.
The knife soon explained the extraordinary
condition which the cancer had assumed. The
immense growth had become entirely separated
irom the flesh, but at the same time prevented
the latter from healing; the flow of blood was
from the unhealthy flesh. As soon as the can
cerous growth was removed the flesh beneath
was found, so far as careful observation could
determine, free from disease. There was com
paratively little physical distress resulting irom
the operation; the lady rapidly recovered her
strength, and is now at her home in this city,
not only free from every sigu or symptom of
cancer, but enjoying a degree of health to which
she has been a stranger for years, and for which
she had long since ceased to hope. The theory
is that the cundurango had the effect of uproot
ing and throwing off tlje cancerous growth,
which had attained large proportions, and was
of great weight; this was substantiated by the
fact that the knife was only needed to remove
this growth, it having become separated from
the flesh.
Millinery opening at Miss S. J. Quinn's to-day.
261 Main street.
Millinery opening at Roche’s to-day. 138 Main
street. (Old No. 30.)
LATEST IYLA.Jfci.IiJCTrS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New York, Oct. 9.—The great fire In Chicago con
tinued to be the al -absorbing subject of discussion in
buslnes circles to the close of the day. The fire will be
a severe blow to the great insurance interest Of the
whole United States, and many English companies, with
agencies in this country, will also be affected. Almost
every prominent insurance company in the United
States has an agency In Chicago, and if the fire bad oc
curred three years ago the loss to eastern companies
would have been much greater than now. During the
last two years rates in Chicago have broken down and
the business of insurance greatly demoralize)]. Local
companies continuing to unite, as heretofore, while the
better class of eastern and New York companies con
tracted their lines as the rates were reduced. For these
reasons, while many of our companies will lose heavily,
perhaps none ot them will be so seriously injured as to
suspend. The mercantile interests of New York city
must also suffer severely from the Chicago fire, as New
York sold to Chicago merchandise each year high up in
the millions of dollars. A great many Chicago mer
chants will be entirely ruined, and others partially so.
New York merchants cannot but feel the effect. In
the excitement this afternoon, there were flying rumors
of an unfavorable character, and some names were men
tioned as being we «k and tottering, but it is hoped the
rumors have no foundation in truth. The produce mer
chants of New York must also suffer in the loss of busi
ness connections. Of late years New York city has ad
vanced a comparatively small amount on grain in store
at Chicago, as the national banks almost monopolized
this business. At the produce exchange there was a
gencnal advance in breadstuff*, although business wai
checked by reports in regard to the Are. A large
amount of grain is no doubt destroyed: this may lea J
to a higher ranged prices. The loss of business to the
members of the produce exchange by the fire is difficult
to estimate. The Chicago insurance companies will
probably be all wiped out. This afternoon there were
rumors of prospective suspensions of eastern companies,
but it is hoped that such will not be the case, although
many many may be crippled Our banking interests will
sutler, but to what extent it is hardly possible to say.
The Chicago banks have advanced largely on
grain to Keep their accounts with the New York city
banks, and frequently borrow money here. If these
Chicago banks are carried down, our banks will suffer,
but not enough to break them. Large amounts of
money will be sent from here to pay insurances, and,
aitogether.li looks very much as If we would have to pass
through a heavy drain of currency to the west. It is a
matter for regret that New York banks are so much ex
tended at ttie present crisis. Railroads centering in
Chicago will lose heavily by property destroyed, and
also by loss of bu-iuesa Her»lock exchange to-day
commenced to anticipate this condition of affairs, which
resulted in a decline of 104 per cent in some cases. Lake
Shore declined from 1064 to 954, Western Union Tele
graph from 66*4 to 574, New York Central from MX to
Mi, Northwestern 694 to 63—preferred from 904 to 864
Rock Island from 1094 to 994, ex-dividend, which
makes it about 103** St. l aul. Wabash and Ohio off
from 3to 6 percent. Hannibal and St. Joseph from 63!*
to 56. Great excitement still prevails, and the brokers
appear to have no confidence in any particular Block, al
though pricesare expected to he firmer when th<s full de
tails are received irom Chicago, and the full extent of
the loss is known.
Money is sharp this afternoon at 7 per cent to gold in
terest, and in some cases commissions were paid. Gold
heavy and lower, declining to 113 H on a safe of about
four millions by oifc firm, rallied to 1134 114. at ihe
close. Rales paid for carrying. 3® 7 per cent. Clearances
556.U00.000 Exchange firm at 109 (ft 1094 lor prime
bankers. Governments sympathized with the decline In
the stuck market, and fell off to 1 per cent, the de
cline being principally on 5-20* of January and July, and
closed very heavy. btate bonds were very much neg
lected and prices nominal. The stock market at the
close was a little steadier, and there was a recovery
of 4 to 1 per cent from the lowest point.
Unittu Mates currency os 1144
United States Sixes, 1881, 117**
United States 5-20'*, 1862, coupons 1154
1864, 1154
1865, 1154
new 1865, 113*6
1867, 113 4
1868, 114
10-408 ill M
Western Union Telegraph company 574
Pacific Mail Steamship company 474
N. Y. Central Hudson River consol'd 87
do do do do scrip *4 4
Erie railroad 26
do preferred 60
Harlem rahroaa 127
do preferred 130
Reading railroad 1094
Michigan Central railroad 118
Union Pacific railroad stock 23X
Panama mil road 62
Late onore A Michigan Ooutnern r 96
Illinois Central railroad D 3
Cleveland and Pittsburg railroad 118
Chicago and Northwestern railroad t>4
<lo drt ornterreo 86X
Cleveland. Columbus* Cincinnati railroad..Bs
New Jersey Central railroad lUSX
g and Rock is<»uu r»nroad bo*
MllWiaxeo *uq oi. Paul railroad 57
do do pref 57 4
Toledo and Wabash railroad 55X
do pref 75
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 96
▲aon ana Terre Hauierailroad 20
do preferred 55
Chicago and Alton ratlroad 115
do preferred 118
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 37'<
Hartford an<» Brie railroad 214
Columbus. Cincinnati A Ind. Central KK ....l8!»
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy R it 127
Hannibal anil St Joseph R It 55X
central Pacific gold bunds 1024
Union Pacific railroad Ist niort. ba *9
Union Pacific railroad income !0» 77
BOHTUN BTOCK HA T.EB- Oct. 9.
SIO,OOO Hartford ana Erie railroad 7s, new 2640274
$46,000 Chicago citv 7s ...lO.’h
$3,000 In. Sandusky anil Cleveland RH.Os, 77 h
sJ.<mi Vermont Central railroad Ist more is >64
$-3,500 United Hiatcs Kivc-twenties. 1867 IUH
10 Cheshire railroad *4 4
60 Eastern railroad 109 X
50 Eastern ranroad. N.ll |i>4
1 Michigan Central railroad 119
20 Ogdenshurg A Lake Champlain railroad... 884©884
100 Phil.. Wil.aud Baltimore rauroaa 544
67 Rutland railroad, pret 75
400 Union Pacific railroad 27
DOMESTIC MARKET-..
New York, Oct. 9.—Cotton in fair demand at He de
cline; sales 2236 bales; middling uplands 194 c Flour
sales 10.5110 bids; state and western 5 10c better,and
in moderate demand; superfine State $6.40 6,80; extra
state $7,10 Cad 7.75; round hoop Ohio $7,10 vt, 7.70; extra
western $7 <U s*; southern a shade firmer—sales 6)0 bids
extra at $7,20 <g 9,25. Wheat excited by the Chicago
fire, and prices are 8<& 5c higher, and demand chiefly
speculative; sales 143.000 bush; No 2 $1,56 $1.58;
winter red western $1.60 <8 1,64; Illinoissl.6o; white
Michigan $1.69 1,74. Corn in fair demand, chiefly
speculative, and 1 2c better; sales 131,000 bush;
mixed western 78c, in store, and 784 c afloat, oats
a shade firmer; sales 41,000 busli: Ohio and western 53
54c. Reef quiet. Pork firmer; sales 2300 bbls; mess
$13.02 (ft, 13,75, closing at $13.75. Lard a shade firmer;
sales 740 tes; No 1 to steam 94 104; kettle 104 c.
Rutter dull. Whiskey heavy and lower; sales 250 bids;
western tree 96c. Rice quiet; Carolina 84 <?s 9c. Sugar
dull: sales37s bhds; Muscovado 84 (f« 94c; fair to
re,1,11, ‘1 9 9Hc CuflVu ‘lulet and active; sales
-000 bags; Hlo 164 ut, Ih4c. Molasses dull .spirits tur-
P!' n ii n K 6 eady -‘t 634 (ft 634 c; rosin strong at $4,124
$4,50 for strained. Petroleum steady; crude 144 c;
icuued 24 244 c. Tallow firm sales 50.000 lbs at 9
dlilig!T 9 CotUm duU and|lower; mid-
Laughtf.r Lends anew Charm to beauty, when it
discloses a pretty set of teeth. Whiteness, when nature
has supplied tills element of loveliness, may be retained
through life, by using the fragrant Suzodont.
010 dTuAF
£pcial Hatties.
Putont* Secured.
Re-issues, Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured:
Interlerencesconducted; all kinds of busimss wiiii Uie
PATENT OFFICE,
Transfers of Rights, and Patent Cases attended to, by
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass.
Or VICK No. 303 Main St.
*l2 dtf
lSntvhcloi*’* Ilair 13ye.-Tlus superb Hair Dre
is the best in the world— perfectly harmless, reliable and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous lints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor's
Hair Dye produces t' mmediutety a splendid Black or
Natural Brown: leaves the lmir clean, soft, beautiful;
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory. 16 Bond *t.. X.
y* dlyr lylO
I»r. Rieknvir* Nyrup,
For the cure of Bowel or Summer Complaints, acts like
magic upon Dysentery, Diarrhea, CholeraMorbu*, Colic,
Cramp, Sick or Sour stomach, Dyspepsia, Ac., giving
i nL l Mv‘‘,w C rw le lv ree r< J.m opiate, and never produce*
UoNtivcneu. Designed tor cliildren as well as grown
persons, sold by al? dealers in medicine. Please give it
a trial. 1 repared only bv Edward Sutton, of Providence,
thhn iv iu
A Commisaon Merchants
and Dealers Ut Flour, Lorn, Kve, Oats, Malt, Meal ot al
kind*. Fine and Coarse Feed, Linseed Oil Meal Me
thanlc etrett. Worcester. Mae* dtf i»w
The Reiiubllcnm of Worcester County
are requested to send Delegates to a Convention, to bo
liolden at Worcester, In Horticultural Hall, on TUES
DAY. Oct. 17, at 11 o’clock a. m., for the purpose ot
nominating Candidates for the following County Offi
cers: Clerk of the Courts, .Sheriff, District Attorney,
one County Commissioner and two Special Commission
ers. and for the transaction of any oilier business that
may properly come before tlic Convention.
The basis of representation will be the same as that
for tlic State Convention.
JOHN W. WETHERELL,
Chairman of Itopnb. County Committee.
papers in tlic county please copy,
oil dawtf
Seventh Councillor District Kepuhllcnn
Convention.—lhe Republicans of the Seventh oun
cil District are.jequested to send delegates to a conven
tion to be held at the Town Hall, in Fitchburg, on 1 RI
DA Y, >ct. 20ih, at two o’clock i*. M., for the purpose of
nominating a candidate for Councillor, to represent said
district in the executive department of tlic state govern
ment the ensuing year. The basts of representation will
be the. same as the state Convention,
lly order of Hie District Committee.
SILAS HOLMAN, Chairman.
A. G. Walker, Secretary. dcod3iAwlt o 5
Wercesler County Institution for Having*
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 94,505,845 00.
Hon. ALEXANDER 11. BULLOCK. President,
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
Peoph l Snvtsgs Bunk*
MARBLE BUILDING, 452 MAIN ST.,
Opposite the City Hull.
The usual Semi-Annual Dividend at the rate of Nix
per Cent, per annum has been declared.
Deposits are put on interest on the first day of every
month.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank is open
to Depositors on Saturday Evenings, irom 6 to 8 o’clock.
Amt. Deposit* Aiiff. 1,'?1....«9,.V76,T04 TO
Number of Depositors 7,7 11
JOHN C. MASON, President,.
C. M. BENT. Treas.
Worcester, Aug. 2.1871. dAwtf ua2
Worcester Five Cents Savings Hank.
OFFICE, NO. OS MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business day,from nine o'clock
In the morning to five o’clock In the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received and put upon interest on the first Of every
month.
Dividends of Interest are made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn arc added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest i>um entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
lars. CLARENDON HARRIS.
jv9 dtf Treasurer.
rae Worcester Mcchutiim Nuviugi Bunk
IN VENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Doposlt*
Deposits put upon intorest on the Fifteenth day of
each month.
flemi-annual Dividend* iu January and July.
HARRISON BLISS President.
H. Woodward, Trea«’r.
Seel dawtf
Au Unprotected System.
Do not fancy necau.se you feel strong that you are Im
pregnable to sickness. Whole neighborhoods are fre
quently prostrated at this season by malarious fevers.
Vigorous muscles and strong sinews. broaJ shoulder* and
sound lungs, are no defence against the mephitic vapors
of autumn. Frames which have withstood tliC summer
heat may succumb now. Many an athletic man, whose
family depends for its support on his industry, now
prostrate, weak and helpless as a babe, under the peri
odical assaults of chills and fever, or bilious remittent
fever. This could not be if all were wise enough to pro
vide against such a contingency, bv toning and fortifying
the system with Hostetler’s Stomach Bitters. This ap
proved vegetable tonic is absolutely harmless, so that it
Is sheer folly not to take it as a safeguard at a season
when diseases of the liver, the stomach, tlic bowels, and
indeed all the visceral organs are generally prevalent
To keep the system in order amt insure health, or to put
it in order when this precaution has been neglected, is
the duty of every human being who value* life. For
both these purposes Hostettcr’s Bitters is designed, and
t answers both. Petty local dealers are endeavoring, in
many parts of the country, to substitute preparations
made of impure and dangerous materials in its stead.
Give them a wide berth. They are prepared by unskilful
experimentors, who want to turn a penny at the expense
of the public health. d&wlw o 5
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANE BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receives Money on Deposit subject to Check at Sight,
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosed in Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
Ihe Renter alone has access, arc offered to the public for
rent, at prices varying from sls to $75 each per annum.
It is a place of Security against Fire or Burglars for
depositing Valuab.es of all kinds.
Bunds. Mortgages, Wilis, Deeds, Jeweiry, Silver I’iate,
Ac., received at very low rates, for which receipts are
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes ar*
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. M. to 6 a.m.,
»ud a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business flours from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
jy 14 dtf SAMI KL T. BIGELOW. Seo’T
Worcester Gao J.ight Company.
COKE.
This Cheap and most Desirable Fckl for Manufac
taring purposes and Family use, is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at tlic following Reduced
Prices:
One Chaldron of 36 bushels $5.00
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may he made, and orders for its delivery will
be issued only at the Office ot the Company, No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up stairs.
REPAIRS, See.
Irregularities or failure ofsupply ot ga» should be report
ed, and applications for service Dipes and meters may be
made at the Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton's Block. Me
chanic street up stairs. dtf ia4
Barnard. Mumncr A to.
are, as usual, “Early in the Field." and their announce
ment for Fall Trade appears In our papcrto-day.com
prising a Solid Column. Money that is to be invested in
DRY GOODS OR CARPETS,
cannot be belter spent than at their Store,
»8? Main St.,
s 5 dtf Worcester.
The European 4|iieMtion.
What Is the European question to us? Let the crowned
heads fight it out while we supply their armies with
provisions.
THE AMERICAN QUESTION
as to the best method of clothing gray head* with glossy
brown or raven black is, however, a matter of vast im
portance to millions of both sexe* in this country. It
SEEMS TO BE DECIDED,
If popularity is a fair test in tlic case, in favor of
UriHtudoro'M Excelsior Hair Bye,
tlic sales of which have been advancing' daring the past
twelve months with rapidity astonishing. As a dressing
after dyeing, use
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE
o 3 dcop&weowlm
Indexicnl Nilver Soap!
Marion Ilarland, in “Common Pcnse In the House
hold. ’’page 529, says: “For cleaning silver, I have for
yeans used the INDEXK AL SILVER SOAP. Resides
being clean and easy of application, it will not wear
a wav the metal, as will whiting or chalk or plate pow
der. Sold everywhere. d3m aulß
The earliest indication of dyspepsia, inactivity of the
liver, acidity ol the stomach, languor, vertigo, depres
sion of spirits, disturbed sleep, loss of appetite, general
prostration of the nervous system, is promptly cured by
DR. HAM’S AROMATIC INVI^ORATOR.
See that each bottle hears the name of Dr. Darius
Ham—none other genuine. dlw o 9
There Is no medicine yet discovered that possesses a
more potent influence on the system than Latham's
Cathartic Extract. It speedily removes dyspepsia, cos
tlveness and its attending evils, bilious or nick headache,
fever and ague, impurity of the blood, and in fact rc-in
vigorate* the whole structure. dlw o 9
On Mnrringe.—ESSAYS for YOUNG Men, Oil great
Social Evils and Abuses, which interfere wit h .Marriage,
with sure means of relief for the Erring and Uniortunate,
diseased and debilitated. Sent tree. In sealed envelopes.
Address Howard Association, No. 2 s. Ninth street
Philadelphia. Pa. oTlUkThlm Jyff
«johu M. Clark A 8011, Commlsson Merchant*
and dealers in Flour and Grain, Land Plaster, Lime, Cal
cmed Plaster, Or. Bone, Cement, .Sail, Guano, Super
p'\ jsphato of Lime, and Western Produce, No*. 95 and
97 Front *t., Worcester, Mass.
•1G JOHN H. CLARK A HON
Malbcwi lainuiberlam,
PLUMBERS.
Corner W*lilo *nd Exchange St*.. Worccater, Mast
Bath Tub* and Boiler*, Water Cloaets, Wash Bowl*'
Wach Trays, Sinks &c Ac.,fitted up at short notice, acd
iu a thorough manner. dtf i v g
F; Morrill, No. 3 Bulflncli st., Boston, Mass.
omult him in all cases; he is the oldest and most ex
perienced specialist In Boston—thtriy-tlircr vears’ prac
tice. See his Pocket Medical Adviser. Price 25 cents
Send for it. dcopAwtf
Five Fer Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. e. a. GOODNOW
At PMrst National Bank
Mrs. f. n. Moore will go out bytlw
day. with sewing machine Tor without—will do all
kinds of sewing. Machine stitching neatly executed.
Room 9 Parker’s Block, 111 Main st. U2w* oIQ
DIED
In this city, Oct ff, Mrs Harriet S, wife of the late Wm
Gould of Upton, aged 73 yrs 3 m©r 3 days.
Funeral at the rot idence of "her son. R M Gould, 82
Summer at, Tuesday, the lOtli Inst, at 104 o’clock a m.
Relatives and friends invited.
In this city, Oct 8. William McGregor, aged 43 yrs.
Funeral at his late residence, No 96 Lamertlne st, this
(Tuesday) afternoon, at 14 o'clock. Relatives and
friends are Invited to attend witJiout further notice.
in tills city, Oct 9, David M Daniel.-*, aged 29 vrs 11 mos
20 days.
Funeral at the residence of his father, 97 Piedmont «t
Wednesday forenoon, at II o'clock. Relatives and
friends are Invited to attend wit ho'it thither notlee
in tills city, Oct 9, Willi* H Par kliurst, aged 'n vrs 6
mos 17 days. J
Prayers at his late residence, 13 Oreh»j*d s t this
(Tuesday) morning, at 104 AM. Friends invited
In this city, Oct 9, George Oouhi, formerly of Charlton
aged 66 yrs 2 mos 6 days.
|htu gibfcrcrtiseinents.
gUITS AND CLO AK S
FOR
Fall and Winter of 1871.
BARNARD, SIM.VER CO.
Take pleasure in announcing to their many friends and
patrons, that thelrflrst
OPENING
OF
lIE4DT MADE SUITS
WILL TAKE FLACK OM
Wednesday and Thursday,
oct. ii «fc ie,
when they will offer some
ELEGANT SUITS OF THEIR OWN MANUFACTURE,
PARIS MADE SUITS,
and a long line of New York Styles In low priced goods,
making altogether the largest variety ever shown In
Worcester.
-A.ll at Popular Prices.
Also, on same days, our
FIRST OPENING OF WINTER CLOAKS!
MANY OF THEM
Paris and Berlin Made Goods,
COMPBIBINO
Fur Trimmed Cloaks,
Elegant Embroidered Cloaks,
Astrochau Trimmed Cloaks,
Velvet Trimmed Cloaks,
In Black, and al! the new and desirable Colors.
Drab dc Etc Jackets,
Embroidered In White, Black, and Black and White, for
house and street wear.
THE NEW KMIUtOIfiEUEI) TALMA,
and many other Novelties of the Season, to which wc
Invite the attention of the Ladles. To oar
MILLINERY DEPARTMENT
we are constantly making additions of Trimmed Hats
and Dress Bonnets, Ribbons, Flowers, Plumes, &c Ac.
N. B.—Ladies may rest assured that orders placed In
any of tlic above departments, will meet with prompt
attention, and will tie finished in BEST STYLES and
most thorough manner. d4t 010
By B. W. ABBOTT. Auctioneer.
Office No. 1 Central Exchange, old P. O. Building
QHESTNUT GROVE FARM.
Large and Attractive Sale
or
THOROUGH BRED STOCK
HORSES, COLTS, CARRIAGES,
Wagons, Hay, Fowls, Tools, &o.
BY AUCTION!
ON THE FARM OF F. M. WOOD, GRAFTON, MASS.,
THURSDAY, OCT. 12, 1871, fc,
at 10 o'clock A. u consisting of
29 Head of Thoroughbred Jerseys,
30 head of Grade Jerseys anil Native Cattle, 5 superior
Carriage and Driving Horses 3 Hamblctoman Colts, 1
Pair good Work Horses and 1 Pair Harnesses, 1 good two
or three Horse Team Wagon. 1 pair heavy Mules, weight
about'249o lbs well matched and good workers, 2 yoke
of Oxen,2Top Carriages, nearly new; 2 Open Buggies,
2 Light Express Wagon*, new; 1 three-spring two-horse
Express Wagon, with top; 1 Portland Sleigh, 1 Express
Sleigh, new; 2 Slowing Machines, 6 Single Harnesses, 2
Set Double Harness, 50 Tons Prime Hay, 15 Tons Slowed
Oats, fur Fodder; 500 bushels Carrots, 200 bushels Kata
Bngns, Potatoes, Ac.
FOWLS!
The largest and choicest collection ever offered at auc
tion; most of them Imported and Prize Birds; consist
ing of Houdans, La Fleche, Black Spanish, English
White anil Grty Dorkings, Light and Dark Brahmas
Buff, Black and White China Cochins, Black Breasted
Red Games, Game Bantams, Ducks, Ac. The above
will Ik* offered In trios, and cooped ready for shipment.
Catalogues ready on day of sale, and Perfect Pedigrees
given of all Thoroughbred Stock.
Sale Positive and without Reserve. If stormy
will l»c under cover.
Coaches connect with all trains. Trains leave
for Boston, Providence, Albany and New York, after the
sale.
Fann for Sale, or to Rent for a Term of Years.
F. M. WOOD.
R. W. ABBOTT, Auet’r.
Gr*lton,BepL29,lß7l. dts oio
Land for sale at" auction—in
West Boyiston, SATURDAY, Oct. 14, at two o'clock
i* M., Nine Acres situated in the center of West Boyis
ton—finest view in the town. Suitable for House Lots;
sloping to the east; fine rolling land, within five min
utes’ walk of Went Boyiston Depot.
N 11. GOODELL.
Oct. 9th, 1871. dst* 010
/No'mmonwealthof MASSACHU
VASETTS.—WORCESTER, ss. Probate Court.—To all
persons interested in the Estate of SETH HARTWELL,
late of Oxford, in said county, deceased, Intestate:
You arc cited to appear at a Probate Court,
to lie held at Worcester, in said county, on the first
Tuesday of November next, at nine o’clock in the
forenoon, to show cause why the first account ren
dered by Clarissa W. Hartwell, the Administratrix, of
her administration of said estate, and now on flic at this
office, should not lie allowed.
Amt the said accountant is ordered to serve this cita
tion, by publishing the same once a week, three weeks
successively, in the Worcester Daily Spy, a newspaper
printed at Worcester, the last publication to be one day,
at least, before said Court, and to send, or cause to
be sent, a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, postage prepaid, to each of the heirs, devisees,
or legatees ot said estate, or their legal representatives,
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, before
said court.
Witness, Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
tills nln'lnlay of October. In the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventy one.
CHAS. E. STEVENS, Register.
010 d3sTu
KDOG LOST—Monday, Oct. 2d,
from the 4.05 train from Province to Wor
cester, A SMALL BROWN DOG. with short
lugs and large ears. Had on a collar, marked
.1. uranu. 29 Eddy st.. Providence, R. I. The finder will
he suitably rewarded by returning the same to J. A.
LOVELL. Worcester, Mass., or give notice where he
inay be found. d2t* 010
jj-JUY THE
American Button Hole Sewing Machine.
if you are about to buv a Sewing Machine, why not get
one that will do all kinds of Sewing. The American
B'liton Hole la the only one that will do it. Fully war
ranted. I. 11. MTUI'KWKLL,
i W duTutf 172 4 Main st.
|Tdx> Khbtrttscmcnts.
11HK EUCLEIA DEBATING SOCIETY
will meet att he Orange St. School House, entrance
on Orange st., THIS EVEN INU, at seven o'clock
010 dll*
t TBMPLB"Og HONOR.
OFFICE WORTHY RECORDER,J
Worcester T. of H.. No 31,
Oct. 10. Ml. 1
Regular Meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVE' ISO, at 7 30 p. M.
Work—lnitiation.
A full attendance is desired
010 dlt HENRY A. F. HOYT. W. R.
it EUREKA CHAPTER R. A. M
Regular Communication THIS (Tuesday)
WEVBNING, at 74 o’clock.
Work-I’. «te M. E. M.
yr 010 dlt Per order of E 11. P.
MORMNG STAR LODGE F.
A. M.—A Special Communication will be.
v (Tuesday) EVENING, Oct. 10,
1871. at 74 o’clock.
IT Work-M M.
By order of tlic W. M.
0,0 dlt L. 8. CARPENTER, Beo‘y.
3 i ll r V DINING B OOMS,
583 MAIN STREET.
Meals at all hours, at Reduced Prices. Home-made
Bread, Pastry, Ac., for sale. A discount to regular
boarders. Open Sundays from Bto 94 a m., 4to 54 t*. m.
F. M A IC* II *1: (.’O.
_olo _ d2w*
WANTED!
A Lady in an Office, to copy, and read proof
one who has had some experience preferred. Address,
stating age, with references, X. Y Z., office Dally Spy.
_olo U3t
IiYTANTED— $5,000 for a short time, on
v first, mortgage; will pay 10 per cent. Address
Box 709, I*. O. (UR* 010
SITUATION WANTED-To do general
housework; is a good plain cook, washer an i ironer.
Hood reference given. Apply at 178 Shrewsbury st.
oio ait*
SITUATION WANTED—To clo general
housework in a small private family. Apply at No.
33 Canterbury st. d3t* 010
ANTED —A situation by a voting girl, to
do chamber or table work, or housework in a
small family. Inquire at 292 From st. d3t* 010
W ANTED—A situation asOlerkor Book*
keeper, in a Grocery store or Office, by a young
man who has h:id six years’ experience Address Box
SU, Worcester Post office. dlt* 010
SITUATION WANTED—To do general
►O housework in a small family. Apply to MARY
CONNER, at No. 71 Temple st. d3t* oil)
WANTED—An American Boy, 16 or 17
"V years old, .to learn the Papor Business. Apply
immediately, to CLARK, SAWYER «t CO.
010 dtf
fIUNMAN WANTED! A L r,,< "l Jobber, at
A MURPHY’S,
°W dJt* No. 8 Southbridgo st.
"VLTANTED—An active, intelligent boy, 17
to 18 years old. as entry clerk and assistant book
keeper; must write a good hand, and be quick and accu
rate at flirures. ‘Address immediately, in own hand
writing. Box 1043. dst* 010
SITUATION WANTED—To do general
housework Is a good washer an 1 ironer and plain
cook. Apply at No. 47 fcmple street. d3t* 010
MPU LET—An Upper Tenement of 6 rooms
at No. 32 Washington st. Inquire of E. A. LA I> l
corner of Temple and Green sis. d3t* «io
HpO LET—A suit of rooms over the Five
■M. Cent Savings Bank. Inquire of
019 dtf C. HARRIS. Sec’y.
Kcal (Estate.
ELEGANT HOUSE FOR SALE—
The New Brick House, with brown stone trim
mings. No. 5 Ashland st., built in the best manner,
and is a city house in all respects. It will he sold
at a moderate price. Inquire of 11. W. EDDY, No. 7
Ashland st. dtf u 9
A FINE RESIDENCE FOB SAI -E,
ON JOHN STREET,
corner of Wesby. nouse contains 8 rooms, including
hath room, in good repair; gas and city water; also, a
nice well of water; good cellar, with furnace; 9000 feet
of land, stocked with pear and apple trees and grape
vines. The grounds arc neatly laid out with walks, Ac.
Inquire of GEO. L. BLI^S,
o 3 dtf Firm of Tafi, Bliss Rice, 381 Mam st.
pARTIES ABOUT TO PURCHASE
REAL ESTATE
of any description, arc invited to call at the
REALESTATEAGENCV
O IV Pond &€0
No. 2 Front Bt. Exchange, where they have constantly
on hand, and are continually receiving, City and Coun
try Property of every description.
fa. FOR SALE, OR EXCHANGE for
;;T City Property, an excellent Farm of 120 acres,
111 well fenced, pleasantly located. 9 miles from WOl
cester, one mile from church, store, Ac two miles
from depot; land well divided; summer and winter 20
head of cattle—can tie made to keep twice that number;
wood enough for the place; nice orchard of 2 acres; very
good cottage hou e of 8 rooms; first rate ham; new car
riage house, granary; ice house. <fcc running water at
house an 1 barm Price $6,500. Terms easy.
O. N. POND CO.
MFOR SALE—S miles from Worcester,
a Farm otT56 acres, pleasantly situated on a good
road 14 mi es from icliurch, store and depot; .4
mile from school; 25 acres in mowing and Ullage,
balance pasturing and wood land good cottage house of
9 rooms; ham 38 x 32. cellar underneath; carnage house,
granary, Ac., in good condition. Will he sold low if ap
plied for soon. O. N. POND ,fc CO.
MFOR SALE—In Charlton, a Farm of
60 acres; good quality of land; very pleasantly
situated on a rise of land, commanding a fine view
of the surrounding country; soil warm and early,
sloping to the south anu east; well fenced with stone
wall; keep 5 cows and a horse summer and winter; 15
acre# in young wood; 150 apple trees in hearing; cher
ries, currants, grapes. <fcc.; house ot 8 rooms; barn 28 x
40; wood, carriage and store house 28 x 38. Will he sold
for S2OOO, If applied lor soon. O. N POND CO.
MFOR SALE—6 miles from Worcester,
a Farm of 55 acres; keep 3 cows and a horse;
good cottage house of 6 rooms; barn, carriage
house, &c. Will be sold at a bargain.
O. N. PONI) CO.
MFOR SALE VERY LOW-A three
tenement French roofed house of 19 rooms, cen
trally and pleasantly located. Lot large enough
for another building. O. N. POND <fc CO.
*l3 dtf
FOR SALE—A FIRST-CLASS BOARD
ING HOUSE, furnished and Bill of hoarders; cen
trally located, within a minutes’ walk of the Post
office; contains fourteen rooms; lodges eighteen, and
victuals twenty-four. Reason for selling, ill health of
one of the firm. Call on, or address
D. F. PA It M ENTER CO..
sl9 dtf No. 2Brlnlcy Hall, Worcester, Mass.
MFOR SALE—A Cottage House of 6
rooms, on Oxford Plain; 4 acre land, well fenced;
house nearly new and in perfect order. Price
$1159. Apply to I). F. PARM ENTER CO.,
»19 dtf No. 2 BriiUey Hall
MFOR SALE—A Superior Farm of 70
acres; within 3 miles of City Hall; extra set of
buildings; large amount of fruit of all varieties;
10 acres wood, with all the stock, tools, crops,
Ac., will t>e sold at a great bargain, if called for soon;
SIOOO down; balance can lay on mortgage.
D. F. PARMENTER A CO.
MFOR SALE—A 2 story House; nine
rooms, barn and 5 acres of good land; fine or
Chard, Ac.; within two minutes walk of depot in
a flourishing village 6 miles from Worcester. For
further particulars apply to
D. F. PARMENTER A CO.
MFOR SALE—A very desirable Farm
of 30 acres, 2 miles from Court House; a superior
orchard of 250 trees of every variety of fruit;
good buildings, and well fenced ani watered. Ap
ply to D. F. PARMENTER A CO.
MFOR SALE—in Westboro’, a Farm
or 1054 acres, 14 miles from centre; 9 miles from
Worcester; cuts from 60 to 100 tons of hay; a
splendid orchard of 250 trees, all in hearing; good
wood lot; extra set of farm buildings. Price only SiiftOrt.
Apply to D. F. PARMENTER A CO.
MFOR SALE -A 2-tenement, French
roof House, barn and large lot, on Woodland
street all in excellent order.
1). F. PARMENTER A CO.,
dtf No. 2 Brinlev Hall.
Jfor 5$ alt.
HORSES FOR SALE!
dCZ. One Horse weight about 1 ICO Mis.
'tlV’a! 0,10 Horae 1250 lbs.
Will he sold cheap, as I have no further
use for them. JAMES DOWNEY,
i "9 1131 42 Piedmont *t.
FOR SALE—2 GOOD NEW
y. MILCH COWS, calves by side. The above
l 1 7v ar e reliable milkers, and will he sol 1 low, (or
■riHgasaexchanged.) ELNATHAN PRATT.
o 7 dlw Salisbury st.
FOR SALE—One Lane’s Patent IR< )N
FRAME CIRCULAR SAW MILL, 40 feel ways.
50 In. Hoe’s Insulted Tooth Saw. AU in good order;
has been in use hut six mouths. Will he sold at a bar
gain. CHAS. WILDER.
o 5 d6t 138 Union st.
OR SALE—PEW NO. 119 in Old South
Church. HORACE HOBBS.
Inquire ot 1). F. PARKER, City Hall. dlw o 5
9(1(1 TONS OLD OAR WHELLS, made
*"1/ of Three Rivers Charcoal Iron, for sale
by CHAS. WILDER,
o 5 d6t 138 Union st.
IjV)R SALE—The only Flour and Grain
Store in a large and flourishing town; will be sold
at cost, of fixtures it applied for soon. 11l healt h reason
for selling. Address, with stamp, Box 364, Waltham,
Mass. d2w* 0 5
Horse blankets for sale-a
few hundred good common Blankets, well made
up. at low prices. SUMNER PRATT,
830 22 Front st.
K ARE CHANCE!— FOR SALE—STOCK
AND GOOD WILL of a first-class Retail BOOT
AND SHOE STORE. Will Iks sold at a bargain if ap
plied for at once. Reason lor selling, change of business.
Address W. W. IIAGAN.
03 dIOt. Fitchburg. Mass.
FOR SALE Cottage House and
Lot, No. 5 Piedmont st. House contains 9 rooms,
all in good order; small ham, well and citv
water; 13,800 feet of land, well stocked with trui't
trees; 6,000 leet of land will be sold separate if desired.
For particulars inquire on the premises dtf iny4
For sale-good chestnut posts,
any length wanted, inquire of
O. N. POND A CO..
uih26 dtt I- ront St. Exchange.
Whitin' lappeks fob sale—Two
Whitin 3-heater Lappers, iron frames, now run
ning in good order, ready for delivery Nov. I Apply to
CORDIS MILLS,
dtf Millhury, Mas*.
jjress and cloak making]
MBS. A. C. CHUBB
would renpcctftilly inform the ladies of Worcester and
vicinity, that she will open rooms for Dress and Cloak
Making, at 424 Main st., cor. Pleasant, on Monday, Oct
9, Room No. 4. dim* «4
THE LADIES’ HAIB STOBE.-Misses
A. K F. O. CLOUGH would respectfully iiilorm
their lady friends and former patrons, that thev have
returned to their old location* 01 Front st., .n. It. Leland s
Building, opposite the Common, where they will lie
happy to attend to the wants ot all who may lavor them
with a call, in making work to order; also, renovating
and adjusting old sets of lialr; cutting children’s aud
misses* hair, champuoing. Ac., Ac.
8 ANNA E. CLOUGH.
ray3o dtf FANNY 0. CLOUGH.
Pc;tl ©shift.
ESTAT
HEADQUARTERS.
L. A. Ely Co.
Corner Main and Pleasant Sts.,
ROGERS’ BLOCK, CORNER OFFICE,
M FOR SALE—One of the very beat
farms in Sutton; superior ianlin every respect,
u,t, vaMon; 30 sores in mowing and til
i i 1,1 pasture, 30 in wood; cuts 35 tons of
BI L W lul ■ummeraiul winter; running water
Ir d no ilo r t r ,w V lory ,uco house. In thorough
repair, suitable lor two families; nice burn, with cellar;
good sheds, carriage house, piggery ice house Ac
2S?f h h i Js.i^.. llc r Ct Si condition: weii
fenced by stone wall; good ncgliborhood, near school;
will be sold for less than what the buildings are worth
one of tlic bed bargains that has been offered
L. A. ELY A CO.
I±iv FOR SALE—In Grafton, Farm of
US 20 acres of the very best oi land, all In cultivation,
LUL within 4 mile ot Grafton Center, where the
churches, schools, Ac., are equal to Worcester;
large two-story house, convenient for two families, barn,
Ac., in good condition; nice orchurd. Price $3500.
u 5 dtf LA. ELY A CO.
MFOR SALE—Within 8 minutes' walk
from this office, west, nice, large (nearly new)
French Roof House, with two tenements.
Price $7500. L. A. ELY A CO.
MFOR SALE~COTTAGE 7 good
rooms, on Newbury st. Will be sold low if np
applied for soon.
o 5 dtf L. A. ELY A CO.
MFOR SALE—At a bargain, a new
and very desirable
8-TV tie me nt French Roofed House,
built oi' excellent stock. In a thorough and workmanlike
manner, handsomely finished tnroughout; situated on
hingsoury st., near Woodland; fine corner lot. southern
exposure, an very pleasant location. Property in this
section is rapidly Improving in value, and this estate
will prove an excellent investment, to the purchaser.
L. A. ELY A CO..
Cor Main and Pleasant sts.
M FOR SALE—In North Charlton, a
Cottage House, well painted, papered,
blinded, four-lighted windows, Ac.; good l»am;
i location very t Pleasant; one of the beat neighbor*
berhoodsin town; 14 miles from depot; school within a
tew i rods: 2 acres of very excellent land, under tborough
cultivation: large orchard of choice fruit; good variety
of pears, Ac.; fenced by stone wall, well laid, and In
every respect a very desirable place for any one desiring
a good comfortable hone in the country for a small
amount of money. Apply to Mr. GODDARD. Real Es
tate Agent, Charlton Depot, or to L. A. ELY A CO.,
Worcester. dtf 8 21
FARMS WANTED.—We have a
Ipi'.j large demand for FARMS within 6 miles of Wor
fji|i e-ester Centre. Ilandin vour descriptions while
■“““thetrade i*lively. L. A. ELY CO.,
®2l dtf Corner Main and Pleasant sts.
MFOR SALE—On Providence st., a
thorough-built. French roof House, with all mod
ern improvements; hot and cold water; 18 good
'rooms—two tenements, with hath rooms; 10,000
feet, of land; me of the finest, locations on the street;
will be sold at a very low figure.
821 dtf L. A. ELY CO.
®FOR SALE—Near the “Oread," con
venient to Main st., a nicely located
4 Tenement Reich Rlork,
thorough and nearly new, in excellent order
throughout rents readily to first class tenants, and pay
a large per cent, on the investment; will tie sold at a low
figure, on very easy terms, thereby affording a rare
opportunity, with a small amount ot money, to get a
handsome t enement free, and a very desirable piece of
properly, which will pay for itself, with proper manage
ment, in a few years. L. A. ELY A CO.,
820 dtf Cor. Main and Pleasant sts.
t:* FOR SALEWA* COSY COTTAGE.
ii 4 minutes* walk from the Common, all in good
|1 order, will be offered for a few days, for $2,500.
L. A. ELY A CO.,
s2O dtf Cor. Main ana Pleasant sts.
®FOR SALEWA MAGNIFICENT
m. p.l RBAN RESIDENCE, beautifully situated.
I‘* miles from the Bay State, supplied with all
modern improvements; grounds about the house
handsomely laid out, and stocked with shrubbery, fruit
trees, Ac.; 8 acres of superior lant. Any one in pursuit,
of really a first class estate of the above description, will
do well to investigate. L. A. ELY A CO.,
Corner Main and Pleasant sts.
MFOR SALE—2J miles from City Hall,
a pleasantly located estate of 5 acres; two-siory
House, Barn with a cellar. Carriage House. Ac.;
land superior quality; fine stock of fruit. Will be
■Old low. L. A. ELY A CO.
Corner Main and Pleasant streets.
mEOR SALE—In Grafton, Farm of 25
acres good lant; two-story house—eleven rooms,
in good repair; ham with cellar: carriage house,
Ac.—every thing in good order. Price $3500.
L. A. ELY A CO.
SEVERAL good BFsiNES CHANGES
for sale. L. A. ELY A CO.
L. A. ELY CO.
ESTATE.
GOULDING
HAWKINS,
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE AGENTS,
Room R’lagK’N Jiloclc,
OPPOSITE RAY STATE ROUSE.
Parties contemplating the sale or purchase of Real
Estate, Business Chances, Ac., are invited to give us a
a call, as we have constantly on hand and are continually
receiving, a large list of property not advertised.
EFOR SALE—A very desirable sub
urban residence about I mile north of Court
House, containing 15 large finished rooms; Barn
30x32; both in excellent condition; about 44
acres well cultivated 1-tul; abundance of choice fruits
grown on the premises—apples, pears, grapes, Ac. Will
be sold at a sacrifice if called for soon.
GOULDING A HAWKINS,
•s2O ts Room 4 Flagg's Block.
FOR SALE—Or will Exchange for City Property-
Farm of 60 Acres in Auburn. Price S2OOO.
FOR SALE.
Three Tenement French Roof House on N. Ashland st
House on Lincoln st., short distance from Lincoln sq.;
Two Houses on Hudson street;
Nice Cottage House on John street:
Two Tenement House and barn on Bowdoin street;
House and barn on Piedmont street:
Two Tenement House on Edgeworth street;
Three Tenement Honsc on Washburn street;
Good Cottage House and barn on Patterson street:
House on Prescott street. dtf s 4
E A L ESTATE.
Abbott Rice,
SUCCESSORS TO
THWIJfO «fc RICE,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENTS.
No. 1 Central Exchange,
OLD I?. O. BUILDING.
We have constantly on hand an extensive list of the
most, desirable City and Country Property In the market.
Building Lots, Stores, Manufactories, Business Chances,
Ac., Ac.
For Sale and Exchange,
which arc not advertised, to which wc invite the atten
tion of purchasers.
tSP’Tcrnw Kennonabie.
Charge to Purchasers.
MFOR SALE —On Jefferson st., a pood
2-tenement house, 14 good sized rooms; two bath
rooms; large closets and pantries; water closets,
Ac.; lot contains 13,550 leet. Price $7500.
ABBOTT A RICE.
1 Central Exchange.
MFOR SALE—In the vicinity of May
st., a fine residence ot 10 rooms; gas, city water;
hot and cold water iu both stories; thoroughly
Imill 10,000 ft. land.
Price S7OOO. ABBOTT A RICE.
MFOR SALK—On Mulberry street, a
good 14 story house, 6 rooms; citv water, good
cellar; 2200 fi, land. Price $2200.
o 5 dtf ABBOTT A RICE.
MFOR SALE—In Rovalston, a Farm of
180 acres; good house and barn. In good repair;
40 acres mowing and tillage, 60 pasturing, 80 acres
wood land, of heavy and old growth—wood 30 to
40 years’growth, pine, hemlock, beech, birch and ma
ple; within h mile to mill; good maikct for all tlie tim
ber; cuts 50 tons hay; keep 20 head; good orchard; near
to school, church, Ac. Price $3500. for a short time.
ABBOTr A RICE.
MFOR SALE —ln Wilkinson ville, a
Two-Story House and Barn, 10 finished rooms; 4
of au acre of land buildings In excellent repair;
a large lot of choice fruit; railroad depot within
10 rods of house; price $3600.
ABBOTT A RICE.
FOR SALE—In Lancaster, a Farm
oflOO acres: Two-Story House; good barn; build*
HI Hi lugs in good repair; 30 acres mowing and tillage;
50 acres young wood land; 20 acres pasturage;
good orchards; cuts 25 tons hay; keep 12 head; 1 mile
to churches, school, Ac. Prices7ooo.
NOW IS THE~ TIME TO SELL
YOUR KF.AL ESTATEI—Hand in a description
[•II of your places at once.
Wc want 50 places immediately, varying in
juice irom SSOOO to SIO,OOO. Hand them in to
ABBOTT A RICE,
1 Central Exchange.
®WE MUST HAVE MORE FARMS.
Send in your descriptions right away, if you wish
to sell tilts Dill, as the season Is fast advancing.
Now is THE TIME to SUM. THEM. Bringthcm in
early, to ABBOTT A RICE.
1 Central Exchange.
MFOR SALE—2! miles from City
Hall, a good House anJ Barn, with 5 acres of first
quality of land; fine lot ot frult. Pricclow
s2l dtf ABBOTT A RICE.
ABBOTT RICE
Ml, 1 CENTRAL EXPHANOE,
si dtt_
I AND FOR SALE.—I would like to sell
J that tract of land situate at the foot’of Hammond
st., between the Boston and Albany Railroad and Nor
wich and Worcester Railroad. It contains about tour
acres, and is admirably adapted for Lumber, Coal, tor
any Mechanical business.
1 also offer for sale, a Lot about 200 feet square, bounded
by H imnond st., B. A A. R. It. and Wood, Light A Co’s
extensive works, and upon a grade of tlic tracks. Would
sell low and upon very easy terms.
815 dAwtf D. S. GODDARD.
M FOR SALE.—WiII sell my Real
Estate, situated in the enterprising and beautiful
village ot South Brookfield, consisting of a good
TWO-STORY HOUSE,
convenient for two fiunltlea, or can be adapted for a
boarding house it desired. All necessary outbuildings
attached. Also, one-lialf acre of choice land, suit ably
arranged lor a building lot, together with a number of
young mi.t trees. Maid property is situated within a few
steps of churches, high school, shoe shops, stores, Ac.
For further par'iculars Inquire of V. M. ALEXANDER,
corner oi Grove and Maple sts. dlw* o 4