Cube Wlurcesiir Qaiiy Spj
IS PURl.lMlli:i» F.VEKY MOUSING.
(tftknAY IACKrTMs)
Al per year, if pm<l strictly In advance.
Otherwise, 15 villa per Mouth.
ST be Ittnssacbuseth spp,
KSTABLI9HED JVI.Y, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
Al S'J per Annum.
«f l». lI%I,I>WIV Proprietors.
NO. 114 M AIN STREET.
Worcester gailn -P n>
CITY NBWB.
Attention is called to Mi. It 11. Kirh card
in another column.
A special meeting of the‘‘Palestine Council”
is advertised in another place.
E. M. hambcrlaiu, labor candidate for gov
ernor, will speak in Mechanics hall on Monday
evening.
The next musical sensation here will be Ilie
concert, introducing Mrs. Moulton, the famous
songstress, and Wchli, the pianist. It is to be
given on Friday evening of next week.
The statement that Mr. 0. H. Waters of Mill
bury opposed the nomination of Mr. David At
wood in the third senatorial district, was an er
ror, and docs that gentleman an injustice, lie
supported Mr. Atwood in the convention from
first to last.
The fire in Reynolds’ market, Thursday after
noon, was not caused by lighting a gasoline
lamp, as reported, but by carelessness in ig
niting some of the gasoline which had leaked
out of a barrel upon the floor. No explosion
took place.
The sale by auction of the estate of the late
John C. Ripley will doubtless attract many per
sons to Ripley street to-day. The land, com
prising about three acres, is some of the most
desirable that has been put on the market of
late.
At a meeting of the stockholders of the First
national fire insurance company, held Oct. 27ili,
it was voted to restore the capital slock of the
company to its original amount by assessment
thereon to be paid on or before Nov. 10th, and
also to increase the capital to s2nO y (MM>.
The republican representative conventions in
the 10th and llih Worcester representative dis
tricts are to be held this evening al rooms in
the city hall building. The 10th distiict com
prises wards I, 2, 3 and 8 in this city, ami
Paxton. The 11 th district comprises wards 4,
5, 6 and 7 of this city.
Superior (Criminal) Court.- Devens, J.
Friday, Oct. 27. 'I he jury, in the vase of Pat
rick Hennessey of Auburn, for rape, after being
out nine hours, failed to agree, ami the papers
were taken from them, it is understood they
stood seven for conviction and five for acquittal.
Venyand Gaskill for defendants.
The jury, in the case of Isaac. Pierce and (’has.
Temple, for placing obstructions on the Provi
idence and Worcester railroad, niurmil a ver
dict of guilty against both. Exceptions were
taken in the ease of Pierce, on the ground that
active participation in the offence on his part
could not be proved. 'Hie court ruled that if by
his presence during the act he sustained the oth
er in doing it, he was equally guilty. Temple
was sentenced to the house of rot rection for two
years. Verry for Pierce, Kent for Temple.
Benjamin F. Sampson, of West Brookfield,
for assault on Officer 11. W. Bush, June G last.
Verdict, guilty, ami sentenced to the house of
correction for six months.
James McCaffrey, indicted with James Dolan
for breaking ami entering the house of Charles
O’Riley, in Uxbridge, and larceny therefrom.
Verdict, not guilty. Sprague for defendant.
James Leary, of Worcester, for keeping open
shop on Sunday, was fined $lO and costs.
Win. Gravel, oi Douglas, for assault on State
Constable Fletcher. Verdict, guilty.
The case of Frank Aikens and Win. Emerson,
of Millbury, was nol pros’ll.
The court adjourned to Monday next, at ten
o’clock A. M.
Municipal Court.- In the municipal court,
yesterday, David Price was sentenced to three
months in the house of correct ion for assault
and battery, he appealed, but was committed on
failure to procure bonds; Win. B. Martin, com
plained of for threatening, was ordered to recog
nize in bends of S2OO to keep the peace six
mouths, failing in which lie was committed;
Willard Baleom, Jolin Murphy, and Patrick O.
Burns, paid fines ot $8 and costs each for drunk
enness; Patrick Riley and Wm. Sullivan were
similarly fined for a similar offence, but were
dissimilar in the matter of payment and were
committed to jail; Peter Tu hey, complained of
for keeping an unlicensed dog, was discharged;
the case of Daniel Ward tor truancy was con
tinned.
St. Paul’s Fair.—The net proceeds of the
fair amounted to $8,031.42, all of which goes to
winds the building ol St. Paul's church, work
upon which will probably begin again in the
spring. Tae complete list of those drawing
prizes, which could not he accurately made up
on the closing of the fair, is as follows:
Lamp, James Connor; tea set, Henry Moreau;
picture, Joseph Granger; writing desk, Lizzie on
nor; one pair shirts, Maria McCartney; pair slip
pers, J A Warner; cricket, L -I Moodv; pair slip
pers, J Driscoll; pincushion, Martin Doran; con
certina.-I H Goddard; ton coal, Michael Murray;
bronze clock, Annie Boyle; cake basket, .1 F Early;
ton coal, A II Sinnott; piece Irish huen, D O’Sul
livan; silver pitcher, C L Sampson; barrel Hoar,
Edward Skerrett; poplin dress, Jan.- Keough; pip.
E Leberge; pair vases, John Fling; silv«?r set, Mary
Valandry; box cigars, ‘I Horton; piece cotton,
Alias Ford; wax Howers, Patrick Cotter; Canary
bird, Thomas Riordan; half dozen silver forks, John
Costelo; statue, Mary Crouin; pair blankets, Na
thaniel Burbank; picture, Charles Thompson; ca
thedral, John Henry; picture, picture,
Philip Martin; boule, Jolin Warren; half dozen
shirts, Marv Lyaaught; dull, Mi-s E arney; china
set, Mrs F Flanigan; sofa bed, H P Fellows; Lite
St Patrick, Hannah Driscoll; marble top fable.
Andrew Fitzgerald; blankets, (John J O'Neil; set
knives, Charles Carrigan; dozen goblets, E W
Stone; carpet, Catharine O'Brien; book, Jim Hollo;
dress, Hannah Healy; ton coal. Bernard Golding;
barrel flour, It M Reynolds; box tea, Cath Falvey,
do do, Patrick <Hue; ton coal, Peter Cannon; bar
rel flour, Maggie; boy’s suit, J II Divoll; pice.* cot
ton, Geo Ready; piucushiou, G W Gill; stereo
scope and views (name nol legible), 4 Exchange
street; barrel Hour, Marv Spooner; ton coal, D h
Murphy; ton coal, John clarke; gilt clock, MrsG
B Ch and ley; box tea, Edward Walsh; ton coal, F
O’Keefle; barrel flour, Pat Brueton; shawl, G W
Roctwood; picture, P J Connell; jet jewelry, Nel
lie E ('ronin; lace shawl, J S McCambridge; pair
burbank, Miss Fitzgerald; marble-top table, Alfred
(Impel in; barrelgapplcs, Bridget Casey; cotton
cloth, Janies Carons; smoking set, Ellen 1> Sulli
van; fancy basket, M Me irath; picture*, Peter
Henry; pipe, Mrs Flynn; web cot ton, Marv Kelly;
barrel flour, Maud Wall; silver castor, M Harring
ton; dress, Jas Lappave; silver watch, Pat Quinn.
UelrtfaleN to the KcprrNriitative Coitvrii
tioiiN for ■>iwtt’i<'tN IO and 11.
The republican caucuses lor the electing of
delegates to the representative conventions in
districts 10 ami 11, to he held to day, wcic held
last evening, and were very largely altciidcd
with one or two exceptions. The result was
as follows in the liuh disuirt, which includes
wards 1,2, 8, 8 and the town of i’a.xlon:
TENTH DISTRICT.
Il'im? thte. —Dea.‘on Edward Kcmlall was
elected cliairnian, ami Samuel S. Green secreta
ry. Charles E. Stevens, George Sumner ami
GeorgeS. Hoppin were elected delegates tu the
representative district convcmiun, receiving 33
of the 58 votes cast. The ik legates elected all
expressed a preference for John Gates as a can
didate to represent ward I, which it was
thought is entitled to representation this year,
it is understood that the delegates chosen are all
favorable to the return of Lewis Barnard for
ward 2, and B. W. Puller for ward 8.
Ward Tiro. —P. L. Moen presided in ward two,
and George W. Gale was secretary. A commit
tee, appointed topn paic nJisl ol candidal, s
delegates to the convention, presented the names
ol L. W. Pond, R. M. Gould, P. L Mucn|and Lu
ther Ross. The delegates presented were elected,
and were instructed to press the claims of Air.
Barnard tor ward two, and recommended to pre
sent the name of Mr. Mulligan of Paxton to the
convention fur favorable consideration.
H'urd Three.- John C. Otis, chairman, and
James Draper, secretary. The delegates chosen
were James Draperand George E. Smith, under
stood to be in favor of Barnard nnd Mulligan.
IPard Eight.— Henry Chapin, chaiiman; John
A. Dana, secretary. Thecnuctis was very largely
attended,anil considerable time was occupied
before a ballot was eltVcled in discussing the
candidates. When a vote was finally reached,
P. Emorv Aldrich, H. C. Rice, Henry A. Marsh
aud F. W. Southwick were elected delegates, by
73 votes They are understood to lavur tin
nomination of B. W. Potter from wan! eight.
Jhc other list ol delegates, for which 45 voice
|f| Spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 2MI.
were cast, favored the nomination of George
Geer.
ELEVENTH DISTRICT,
Including wards four, five, six and seven.
H urd Fowr.—H. D. Barbour, chairman; Sted
man Clark, secretary. John S. Clark, A.
Newton and F. B. Norton were chosen delegates
by a vole 8 to 4, there being but twelve persons
in al tendance.
Ward Fire. —John Newton, chairman; 11.
G. (His, secretary. The delegates chosen were
Caleb Colvin. R. N. Merriam and IL G. Otis,
with the understanding (hat they were not
pledged, but would vote for the best men in the
party brought forward by the convention. The
delegates chosen had 18 votes to 1G for a ticket
understood to favor the nomination of D. W.
Haskins.
Ward Six. B. Robbins, chairman; G. M.
Woodward, secretary. Delegates: Willard
Ward, J. B. Knox, 1). S. Goddard, and P. A.
Thompson, understood to favor the nomination
of Torrey. G. 11. Walker ottered the foliowihg
resolutions, which were adopted:
Whereas, the practice of making nominations for
any oilice by a small delegate convention, instead of
by a direct vote of the individual voters fur the per-
they de-ire tu support at the pulls, encourages
the use of exceptionable means by men who desire
a nomination when they are not the choice ot a
majority, or even a respectable number of the party,
therefore
Resolved, that all nominations for senatorial, rep
resentative and municipal oflicera should be made
at a mass meeting, composed oi every republican
voter in the district who will be called upon to
support the nominations at th.- polls, or by a pri
mary election, at which each republican voter shall
have an opportunity to express his preference.
Resuiv< d. tnat the interests of the city aud of the
party demand that “locality” shall not be regarded
m selecting candidates fur representatives from this
district, and the delegates from this ward are hereby
instructed tu secure the nomination of three of the
ablest im n in the district, who can be prevailed upon
to accept tin* nomination, each representing a dif
ferent “intereat.’’
H'artZ Seten. —A. G. Walker, chairman; John
S. Baldwin, secretary. A motion was made and
carried to i xpress by vote preferences for candi
dates for representative before proceeding to
ballot for delegates. Accordingly, a vote was
taken and resulted in a preference for the re
nomination of John S. Baldwin by a large ma
jority. The ballot for delegates was then taken,
and resulted in the choice of C. L. Hartshorn,
James E. Estabrook, Edwin Ames and IL L.
Parker —the ticket favoring the renomination of
John S. Baldwin—by fifty-four of the seventy*
lour votes cast.
Jlumlcul Com vent ion Fifth l>uv.
Yesterday closed the greatest and most success
ful musical convention ever held in Worcester
or even in the country, with the exception, per
haps, of the triennial festivals of the Handel
and Haydn society of Boston. In spite of drench
ing rains and other untoward circumstances*
the interest and enthusiasm continued to in
crease from the first opening in Washburn hall,
to the linal magnificent entertainment in the
rendition of the oratofio of Elijah in the eve
ning. The morning and afternoon sessions pre
vious to the symphony concert, were given upto
Mr. Zerrahn in finishing the week's instructions,
preparatory to the closing concert; and nobly
lias the immense chorus responded to his faith
ful labors. We are glad to know that both
Messrs. Zerrahn and Southard speak in the
highest terms of Hie great success attending the
chorus performances. After the almost unap
proachable success of the concert on Thurs
day evening, the members of the con
vention had become thoroughly imbued
with the spirit of the*occasion, and turned
out en masse for the symphony concert in the
afternoon. The Boston Orchestral Union were
never in better condition, and under the direc
rection of Carl Zerrahn interpreted in a master
ly manner the pieces assigned them in the pro
gramme. The brilliant and effective overture
from “Semiramis,” by Rossini, was a happy in
troduction to the good things which followed,
We noticed a marked improvement since hist
year in the united instrumentation and expres
sive rendering of this master piece of the dis
tinguished composer. The unfinished sinfonie,
in B minor, by Schubert, was the great produc
tion of ihe day, and teste 1 the powers of the
orchestra in the most thorough manner. The
second movement particularly pleased us.
Solid, grand and magnificent harmonics, inter*
spersed with delicate and quaint melodies, in
which different instruments had prominent
parts, with exquisite and wonderful harm nies
in the accompaniment peculiar to Schubert. It
was full of semi-religious meaning, at times
breathing cut sad and plaintive tones, with an oc
casional outburst of almost angelic joy ami
adoration. This was the most enjoyable part
of the concert in the instrumcntal|department.
Why can we not have more of this kind of music
in Worcester? Wc rejoice to know that the fa
mous Thomas orchestra will, ar an early day,
again satisfy our cravings for such ennobling
music. The concert waltz, ‘‘Victoria,’ by Bilse,
was pleasing and charmingly produced. For
this style of music the selection was all that we
could have desired, and probably was better un
derstood and appreciated by a majority of the
audience, than the other selections. Mr.
Kulzteb’s oboe solo, fantasie brilliant, by Spind
ler, added variety Io the entertainment and ex*
hibited in an artistic manner the beauty of this
quaint instrument. Madame Bishop was obliged
lo omit her great solo, Gratins Agimus Tibi, on
account of absence of the part for clarionet ob
bligato, and, in its place very much gratified all
by singing “With verdure clad’* from the “Crea
tion.” Such beauty and simplicity of style,
united to a voice of great purity, wc have sel
dom heard. B.u h received a true and beautiful
interpretation of his Slumber song, from the
Christmas oratorio, from Miss Sterling. This
should be classed with the Schubert sinfonie for
genuine merit. “In native worth,” from the
“Creation,” revealed to us new beauties as ren
dered by Mr. Simpson.
With farther acquaintance with Mr. Thomas
wc became more favorably impressed with bis
artistic worth. Especially were we pleased with
the duet, “I sought the Lord,” from Naaman,
by Costa, as sung by Miss Sterling and Mr.
Thomas. A rapturous encore followed the
singing of the duet from Linda, “Da Quel di,”
by Madame Bishop and Mr. Simpson, which
was well mcißed.
But the closing performance of this great mu
sical festival remains to be noticed, and, owing
to the lateness of the hour at which it was
closed, we must necessarily be brief. The hail
was tilled in every nook and corner, large num
bers bviiig obliged to stand. Never before have
we had such a splendid representation of an ora
torio in this city, anil we doubt if it has been
excelled in the stale. The choral force was tre
mendous, particularly in “Thanks be jo
Wc were forcibly reminded of the performance
of the same chorus at the renowned peace jubi
lee. Such waves of sound and rushing represen
tations of the elements seemed almost too much
for the conception of mortal man. “Baal, we cry
to thee” was produced with startling cfiects, and
the beautiful ami soothing chorus, “He, watch
ing over Israel,” showed in a marked degree,
the thorough training of the massive chorus by
Mr. Zerrahn. There was nut a lailurc in a
single chorus that we could discover, ami others
deserve to be noticed, but we can only mention
“Baal! hear and answer,” and the closing,
‘‘And then shall your light break forth,” as
specially well rendered, in comiectidn with
those previously mentioned. Madame Bish
op exhibited her great powers as an oratorio
singer and with iperfect familiarity with Men
delssohn. Die aria, “Hear ye, Israel," as
rendered by Madame 8., was a most touching
appeal—every tone and phrase full of earnest,
pathetic yearnings towards the favored peo
ple of God. Mr. Simpson, also, deserves equal
praise for his interpretation of the dittlcult
parts for the tenor. The aria, “If with all your
hearts” and “Then shall the righteous shine,”
exhibited very conspicuously the matchless
voice and good style of the performer.
Miss Sterling seemed perfectly familiar with
Mendelssohn’s ideas, and without any apparent
effort rendered her role in a manner high
ly satisfactory. The arioso, “Woe unto
them,” was almost painfully pathetic, and the
ever beautiful aud favorite air, “O rest in the
Lord,” was ton hiugly sweet, and full of mean
ing and consolation. It was to well rendered that
n repetition was demanded and granted. We
have left Mr. Thomas last, for we desire to do
him full justice, and to say that our impressions
in regard to his standing as a vocalist have been
very much enhanced in his fax or, since his first
appearance. The great difficulties attending a
correct rendition ot the bass parts were well
overcome by Mr. T., and we are glad to consci
entiously say that his style of rendering the
great solos in Elijah were eminently satisfac
tory. “It is enough,” and “Is not His Word
like a lire,” are severe tests for any singer, and
Mr. Thomas did not fail to conquer them. The
quartet, “Cast thy burden on the Lord,” was
sung with such truthfulness of expression that
words ftiil to do it justice. Other points might
be mentioned, but wc must forbear, with
awarding great credit tu the efiective accompan
iments, aud the efficient management of the
whole performance by Mr. Zerrahn.
At the business meeling of the association the
old board of officers was re-elected, with some
slight change in the list of directors, and
complimentary resolutions concerning some of
the leading actors in the festival, were adopted.
We shall print in full Monday.
Maiiday NerviceM.
Miss Jennie Leys, of Boston, will lecture in Hor
ticultural hall on Sunday at 2‘; and 7‘ 3 o’clock
r. M.
Al Zion church, Exchange street, prayer and con
ference meeting at 10‘, a. m.; preaching at 2‘ a and
7‘ a I'. m. t»y the pastor. Rev. J. H. SYnith will
preach his farewell sermon, which will close his
labors with this church.
The A. M. E. Bethel society, in Temperance hull,
on Foster street. Sunday services at 10‘ 3 a. m.
Preaching by their pastor at 2» a ami 7 o’clock, r.
M. Preaching by J. Morns, of Boston. Seats
free.
Church of the Unity: Rev. John P. Bland, of
Cambridgeport, will preach Sunday morning mid
evening.
The Christadelphians meet in the Oread grammar
school (front) room, Austin block, 682 Main street,
Sunday, at 1J :4o a. ai. and 2P. M. Subject: “The
Kingdom ot God.”
Rev. T. E. St. John will s)M*ak, to-morrow morn
ing, at the Universalist church, “on what he heard
aud saw in Chicago.” Vesper service at 7p. m.
S. S. Foster will preach at Anthropological hall,
to-morrow, at o’clock p. M., from the following
text: “Christianity the sunlight of the mural
world.” The meeting will be free to all present to
question or criticise the speaker.
All Saints church There will be uo services to
morrow, but it is expected that the alterations will
be completed so that the church will be reopened
for public worship on the first Sunday iu Novem
ber.
COUNTY NEWS.
The Rhode Island mining company railroad
corporation are extending their survey through
Milford, Upton and Grafton, to Worcester. A
corps of engineers are now at work in Grafton
and will probably reach Worcester next week.
It is proposed to open a direct through route
from tide’water in Providence to Worcester, via
Milford; which will also open a new line from
Worcester to Boston, through Grafton, Upton
anil Milford. So far everything promises well,
and the people along the proposed line are
thoroughly alive to the work.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
IO TUB WORCESTER OAII.T ITT
FROM EUROPE.
<wreat Britain.
THE AMERICAN MINISTER.
London, Oct. 27.—Minister Schenck is indis
posed, and gone into the country to recuperate.
THE CONTRIBUTIONS FOR CHICAGO.
Queen Victoria contributed .£SOO for Chicago.
The fund at the Mansion house last night was
.£41,500. The mayor of Bristol has received
£I6OO.
THE VICTIMS OF THE EXPLOSION.
Thirty of the thirty-three men in the mine at
Seaham, where the explosion occurred yester
day, arc dead. The pit is on tire, and another
explosion is feared. There is great excitement
among the miners and their families.
INTERNATIONAL HORSE RACE.
Tattersal is commissioned to arrange a match
between the English horse Sterling and the
American horse Harry Bassett. The stake pro
posed is £IO,OOO a side, £2OOO to be allowed to
the owner of Harry Bassett to run the match in
England; distance one mile and a half; horses to
carry equal weights.
FUNERAL.
Sir Roderick Murchison was buried to-<’ay.
rhe services‘were attended by a large nuint r o
distinguished personages, including Gku stole
and Prol. Huxley.
Count Palikao, the last minister of state under
the empire, publishes a pamphlet, Jn justifica
tion of his conduct.
Friinrc.
PERSONAL.
Paius, (>d. 27.—-Rossel, the communist leader,
appealed a second lime from the decision of the
military court before which he was tried. The
appeal was again rejected. The pardons com
mission meets on the Sth of November, when a
large proportion of the communists remaining
in prison will probably be liberated.
Mr. Goulard will lie sent by the government
k to Frankfort to meet Hie agent of North Ger
many to arrange Ihe details tor carrying out
the customs portion of the recently concluded
treaty.
Prince Napoleon has definitely resigned his
seat in the council general ol Corsica anil gone
to Italy.
RuMsin.
MILITARY.
London, Oct. 26.—The entile reorganization
of the Russian army lor the training of the peo
ple to arms raises the total field and landwehr
forces for w ar to 1,606,000 men and 81.000 officers.
Sixty-six regiments of Cossacks are not yet in
cludcd. There is created further a reserve iorce,
which in case of invasion is equivalent to mak
ing every man a soldier on a peace footing, of
750,000 mun and 55,000 officers. The new'artillery
adds one thousand guns to the old force. This
enormous change in the military forces of Rus
sia is masked under the mere creation of a land
wehr called local forces, which nominally leaves
the old army intact.
Austria.
THE MINISTRY.
Vienna, Oct. 27. —The resignations of the
ministers have been accepted by the emperor.
No successor to Count llohcnworth has yet been
mimed, but it is probable that Chevalier de
Sehnierling will be called on to take the head of
the new ministry.
Chinn.
TYPHOON AT HONG KONG.
New York, Oct. 27.—A Hong Kong letter of
Sept. 12th gives the details of a typhoon there on
the night of the 2d. Large numbers of junks
and small craft were driven ashore or sunk, and
several lives were lost; but few’ large vessels sus
tained much damage except by dragging their
anchors and fouling each other. The French
ship Navey was driven on to a small island and
went to pieces, and the captain was drowned.
On the w ater outskirts ol the city there was con
siderable damage by water ami craft heingdriven
against buildings. During the (light of the
typhoon a mob of plunderers seized everything
valuable they could find afloat and attacked the
police who tried to drive them away. The sea
men’s chapel and a few’ unimportant goyern
ment buildings were destroyed.
MUTINY.
A mutiny took place on the ship Golden State,
at Shanghae, as she was getting under way for
America. The mate was seriously but not fatal
ly injured. Order was restored by the officers
of the gunboat Benicia.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Oct. 27.—Fishing schooner, River
Queen, of Gloucester, is given up by her ow ners
as lost. She had a crew of twelve persons, six
ot whom belonged to Gloucester, as follows:
George Robinson, master, leaves a widow ami
tour children; Albert P. Gove, widow and three
children; John Everson, James Levenson,(’lnis.
Bcjam, (’has. Brien, Mark Shears, all single
men.
The schooner Fitz R. Grigg, Capt. Laban Hi
land, of Gloucester, has been absent on the
Georges about four weeks, and has not been
seen since the gale of the 12th Inst., which was
re)>orted as veiy severe on the banks.
A powerful fog horn, blown by steam, has
been placed at the Boston light for the guidance
of vessels entering the ha Hair during thick
weather.
The coroner’s inquest on Katie Leehan, the
victim of the Longwood murder, was continued
this afternoon. Nothing new in regard to the
the case was elicited. Mahoney, ilowe and
Leonard, the three young men arrested on sus
picion, proved themselves innocentof the charge,
nnd were discharged from custody. Stcplicn
Hayes is still held, and w ill Ik l examined, Mon
day. The officers as yet have no clue to the
murderers.
Lowell, Oct. 27 —This evening Augustus
Mclntire was run over and killed by a train us
curs near North Rending station. He was sit
ting on the track with a fowling piece in bis
hand, and did not mind the alarm from the en
gineer. lie was forty years old, and leaves a
wile and child.
MAINE.
Portland, Oct. 27.—C. \V. Goddard, of the
superior court, recently appointed postmaster in
this city, today tendered his resignation as
WORCESTER: SATURDAY MORNINff, (M TOBER 2S, IS7I.
judge, to take effect as soon as his successor is
appointed.
Connecticut.
II i rtford, Oct. 27.—Gov. Jewell has decided
to appoint Thursday, Nov. 30th, as Thanksgiv
ing day.
From Washington.
IM Pl >RT AN T A FPO INT M ENTS.
Washington, D. C., Oct. 27.—The president
lias appointed William M. Evarts and Benjamin
K. Curtis counsel before the tribunal of arbitra
tion at Geneva, in addition to Caleb Cushing.
Mr. Meredith declined the (appointment hereto
fore tendered him. Evarts has accepted, and
Curtis is now on his way home from Europe.
THE POWELL CASE.
The arrest of Victor Powell and the develop
ments consequent thereon, showing undoubt
ed evidences of a combination between that
official and others outside occupying prominent
positions in the political world, excites a great
deal of unfavorable comment in all circles
here, particularly in government offices.
Second Auditor French had the highest esteem
for Powell, whom he regarded as a man of un
impeachable integrity, and who was placed in
the responsible position of passing upon sol
diers’ bounty claims for that reason.
h will be recollected that Paymaster General
Bi ice also had unlimited confidence in Hodge,
and never thought it necessary to look into his
accounts. So, also, French felt so sure of Powell
that he was permitted to carry on his transac
tions without fear of exposure. It is now be
lieved from what can In* ascertained at the at
torney general’s office, that Powell’s fraudulent
proceedings have cost the government from
SIOO,OOU to $.150,000; but little ran be obtained
in the way of details on account of the ban of
silence which has been placed on the officers of
the bureau ,of justice. The arrest of ex-Con
gressman Stokes, of Tennessee, in connection
with the mutter, created much surprise among
bis friends, but they claim that he will be able
to show that he is entirely innocent of the
charges made against him.
SITKA HEARD FROM.
The first deposit on the postal account has
been received from Sitka, Alaska.
IN MEMORIAM.
The public departments will be closed to
morrow, in respect for the late Thomas Ewing.
STEAM TONNAGE.
The register of the treasury states that the
steam tonnage of the country for the year end
ing June 30th was 1,087,637, an increase during
the year ol 12,542. Less than 50,000 tons arc
regularly engaged in foreign trade.
NEWS FROM GEN. WALKER.
A dispatch from Gen. Walker, superintend
ent of the census bureau, and special Indian
agent, to the secretary of the interior, dated
North Platte, 25th, says: We have hail a satis
factory conference with Spotted Tail, and have
placed Randall in full charge of the Indians,
who go south to-morrow. 1 strongly recom
mend a temporary trading post at Red Willow,
forty miles south of McPherson; Gen. Emery
approves of it. Igo to Cheyenne to-morrow.
THE APACHES.
Vincent Colyer has returned from a visit to
the Apache Indians, most of whom he found
starving and eager to accept peace.
Criminal Record.
TRAGEDY AT LOUISVILLE.
Louisville, Oct. 27.—Lust evening, J. Daly,
a private soldier at the Taylor barracks in this
city, shot and killed J. F. Williams, another pri
vate. Williams had been too intimate with
Daly's wife. Daly was turned over to the civil
authorities.
UTAH.
Salt Lake City, Oct. 26.—1 n the case of
Mrs. (Moks vs. Brigham Young, the jury this
morning returned a verdict for the plaintiff for
the whole amount of the claim with interest,
making a total of $2,986. The detense gave no
tice of an application for a new- trial. Brigham
Young has applied to Hon. Wm. M. Evarts to
defend him on the indictments of the present
grand jury.
Thu Mormon newspapers are mild in tone.
The News says that in the crusade against the
Mormon government the people are to be sin
cerely pitied. The Herald discusses the Mormon
problem, and says it is a grave error to suppose
that the Mormon people generally will disclaim
polygamy, or that if the government were to
semi troops enough, they w ill give up their faith.
Neither this nor any other religious belief can be
crushed out, says the Herald, by any govern
ment on earth. The Utah ring and the admin
istration cannot uproot Mormonism.
John Meacham, a well known Mormon,
charged with the murder of Richard Yates, some
twelve years ago, was arrested by the United
States marshal at Round Valley, yesterday, and
brought to this city this afternoon.
Later.— lt is rumored that there will be trou
ble to-morrow, on the occasion of the sentence
of Hawkins for adultery. The women seem
the most excited. I hrestening letters were re
ceived to-day by rhe United States marshal.
It is evident that something important is on
hand among the Mormons, but the gentiles
generally do not believe any resistance to the
law’ or government is meditated.
THE LOS ANGELOS TRAGEDY.
San Francisco, Oct. 27.—The bodies of 18
Chinese victims of the Los Angelos riot have
been found. The dangerously wounded num
ber six or eight. Fearing further violence the
survivors are leaving the city. The mob
lobbed the Chinese of everything valuable, in
cluding SIO,OOO in coin. Judge Sepulveda will
call a special session of the grand jury lo in
vestigate the affair.
Later.— The latest details of the Los Angeles
horror give a worse version of the riot. The
mob appears to have been actuated solely by
animosity ol race and desire for plunder. The
witnesses before the coroner’s jury were appa
rently reluctant to give testimony, fearing io
implicate two Irishmen, who boasted of assist
ing in killing Chinese. The Chinaman who
shot Officer Bilderoin has been turned over to
the authorities by the Chinese themselves. Only
four rioters were arrested. Fourteen to thirty
thousand dollars and all the valuables belong
ing tu the Chinese were carried off' by the mob,
and even those arrested w ere robbed on the way
to jail.
PUNISHMENT FOR BRIBERY.
Baltimore, Oct. 27—Win. F. Kierle, con
victed of attempting to bribe a juror in the
Bowman embezzlement case, has been sen
tenced to a tine oi S2OO aud costs.
MURDER IN THE FIRST DEGREE.
St. Louis, Oct. 27.—The jury in the Melli
cott murder case, on trial at Gurnet, Kansas,
returned a verdict of murder in the first degree.
THE END.
Jacksonville, Fla., Oct. 27.—Wm. C. Shott
was executed to-day for the murder of Rosa
mond Carlin and two small children, on Feb.
sth. He was cool, and spoke not a word. The
knot slipped, and his neck was not broken, but
he stranged.
STILL ANOTHER.
Indianapolis, Ind., Oct. 27.—Gerome Brooks
was hung to-day at Dclphia, Ind., lor the mur
der of A. W’. Slater, a wealthy grocer of Logans
port, Ind., last April. Hu manifested a stolid,
careless indifference to the lust moment. He
was granted leave to place the noose around his
own neck.
terror and confusion.
Charleston, S. C., Oct. 27. —Advices from
the upper portion of the state report increasing
terror and confusion in the proclaimed counties,
on account of numerous arrests under the presi
dent's proclamation.
The grand jury of Chester county, composed
of six w hites and six negroes, have made a pre
sentment, embodying Ilie result of their investi
gation of the alleged kuklux outrages there,
and conclude as follows “We, the grand jurors,
upon our oaths, are compelled to say, from the
testimony we have taken, and from our knowl
edge of different parts of the county, that the
allegations contained in the proclamation of the
president of the United States are without
foundation, and must be the result of falsehood
communicated to him by persons equally re
gardless oi the good order and peace of society.”
BOYS ARRESTED.
Poughkeepsie, N. Y., Oct. 27.—Six arrests
were made near Covington, on the Hudson River
railroad, of boys charged with habitually
stoning the afternoon Saratoga train from New-
York. All were held to await the action of the
grand jury.
Chicago.
Political Jlatlero—Extortionate Price*,
etc.
Chicago, Oct. 27.—The republican and dem
ocratic committees have finally agreed upon a
union ticket tor city and county officers: Joseph
Medill, for mayor; David A. (Jage, city treas
urer; Julian M. Ramsay, county treasurer;
John A. Jameson, superior court judge; Sam
uel W. Fuller, circuit judge; Artemus Carter,
state senator; the other offices were equitably
divided.
Lumber and brick dealers are demanding ex
tionate prices. A number of cargoes of lumber
received from Milwaukee will be sold at fair
prices.
Brickwakers from other parts, even us tar off'
as Philadelphia, are here seeking orders. It is
expected that prices will soon decline.
There were more vessels in the harbor Monday
aud Tuesday than in any other foity-cight hours
in the history of Chicago.
The Weather.
Washington, Oct. 27 —The low barometer
in New York aud New England will probably
move eastward, followed by brisk and possibly
high northwest winds on the east Atlantic.
Fresh northwesterly wind, with partially cloud.'/
weather, will continue on Lakes Eric ami On
tario, and lighter winds on the upper lakes.
Clear and pleasant weather will continue in the
middle, southern and gulf states, with light
and fre>h winds and cloudy weather, and local
rain in southern Florida. Dangrious winds are
not anticipated for Saturday, except, possibly,
off the coast pf Maine,
Our New York Dispatches.
.%rr«*Mi«*<l Inainrum* Kail Krquirrd
wild Furnislard 'l’hr liiiqtnlir* of (hr
King, t ic.
New York, Oct. 27.—Sheriff Brennan has
just received from an Albany deputy sheriff the
warrant for Tweed’s arrest. The arrest uill take
place within hah' an hour. 'Tweed is prepared
to furnish bail to any amount.
This morning Mathew J. O'Rourke, who has
acquired considerable notoiicty in connection
with the exposure of the financial frauds in the
city government, was brought up at the Jeffer
son market police court charged with threaten
ing to shoot one Lawrence Morrissev. He was
held for trial in S2OOO He denied the charge.
Tweed has been busy the past few weeks bid
ing away all his personal and real estate. His
stocks have been nearly all sold or transferred,
and al! his houses and lots in this city have been
made over to his relatives. Over four millions
worth of his real estate has been thus trans
ferred within a few days, mid yesterday he made
over tu Richard M. Tweed, his son, real estate
to the value of $975,000, including his fifth ave
nue residence. The complaint made against
Tweed and others before Judge Learned, de
mands judgment for the people of over $6,000,-
000. Bail in a million each is demanded. In
gersoll, Garvey and Woodward have tied, thus
leaving Tweed alone to answer to the complaint.
There was considerable excitement in political
circles last night relative to Tweed’s arrest, but
no serious trouble is apprehended. The ll< raid
says that it is now morally certain that Tweed
will never darken the door oi the state senate
again, and calls on MavorHall to call in the aid
of Judge Barnard to elfect the removal of Tweed
from the office of commissioner of public works.
It is stated that Haggerty and Baulch have
been indicted for burglary ami larceny bv the
grand jury, for stealing and burning vouchers
from the controller’s office.
Barrett states that District Attorney
Garvin, although requested to subpoena certain
parties to testify relative to the. eharaes against
Mayor Hall before the grand jury, did not sub
poena one of them, but did subpuma a number
who knew nothing whatever, the result being
that no bill could be found against the mayor.
Judge Barrett says that the prosecution is sus
pended but not given up.
Nathaniel Sands has resigned his position in
the citizens’ nssoeiation by the request of Peter
Cooper, the latter making the request on Sands
acknowledging that he made $75,060 as a com
mission for selling city bonds to Belmont mid
Rothschilds Sands defends his action on the
ground that he only received the halfofonc per
cent commission.
A reporter this morning had an interview with
Mr. 'Tweed, when the following conversation
took place:
Reporter— Mr. 'Tweed, you have heard of
your intended arrest by the committer of 70.
Have you received any intimation from the
sheriff about it?”
Mr. Tweed—“ None at all!”
Reporter—“Do you expect any?”
Mr. Tweed —“Yes, 1 think they will certainly
serve the papers on me some time to-day. 1 in
tend staying here until live o’clock f. m„ my
usual hour, and if they have not come then 1
shall wait until they do.”
Reporter—“ls there any truth, Mr. Tweed, in
the rumor that you have been hunting around
ami trying to raise that $2,000,C00 bail?”
Mr. Tweed, emphatically—“No, sir! 1 have
not asked one gentleman to become my bonds
man. On the contrarv, numbers of gentlemen
have come to me and ottered to go my bail for
any amount—some of the best men in the city.”
Reporter—“ Mr. Tweed; have you any idea
what judge yon will be taken before, that the
amount of bail may be fixed?”
Mr. Tweed—“l won't lie] taken before any
judge. When the papers are served, I shall at
tend at the sheriff’s office, and the bail will be
fixed there.”
It has transpired that E. A. Woodward, part
ner and tool of Tweed in the city frauds, has not
fled. From the entries on the town recon lof
Norwalk. Conn., it appears that within the past
thirty days Woodward has transferred real es
tate valued at $200,000 to different persons,
chiefly to Mr. Beatty, a partner in business. He
has also resigned the position as director in the
Fait field county fire insurance company, in
which he holds $25,000, and Wm. M. Tweed
$50,000 in shares, and as treasurer of the Fair
field county planing mills. Woodward's name
occurs oftener than any other in the records of
Norwalk; and among the recent transactions in
real estate is a quitclaim, in consideration of sl,
of a heavy mortgage on building, machinery
and land used in Beatty's manufactory, and
three dwelling-houses, occupied by John I*.
Beatty, Geo. Beatty and Samuel Beatty. On
Aug. Ist, a day or two alter, there was an exe
cution of a warranty deed and transfer to Jolin
P. Beatty, for the same sum of sl, of his mag
nificent homestead and all land upon which it is
situated.
In a special record book, however, appears a
transcript of a quit claim decil made some days
previous to the one above, by which John P.
Beatty sells, in consideration of sl, to him in
hand paid, the same tract of land, with home
stead and all buildings thereon, to Harriet H„
wife of E A. Woodward, The page following,
it may be remarked in passing, records an in
strument of James H. Ingersoll, who by Wood
ward’s attorney, transfers his mansion ami the
grounds attached to Ins wife's name. On the
20th insL, he quit claimed to Alexander T.
Compton, of New York city, a SIOOO mortgage
on the works of the Allerton iron company. The
following day a mortgage of Judah’s island and
the buildings thereon, by Andrew’ J. Garvey,
was released to Knapp Fitch for a nominal
sum. A large number of dwellings in South
Norwalk were transferred to J. I’. Beattv, anil
by him to Mrs. Woodward. Woodward’s one
third interest in the block of buildings in South
Norwalk, in which is situated the new opera
house, was sold on the sth inst, to Knapp
Fitch for SBOOO. Woodward now holds no real
estate in his own name.
The citizens’ committee, appointed by the
board of supervisors, reported, this afternoon,
through the sub-committee, that all works for
the city have been thoroughly examined, and
the charges therefor rigidly scrutinized, The
amount charged to rhe cost of the new court
house building aud furniture, is $8,130,000, and
$5,280,000 is charged to the county von is and
offices in the same building, making $13,460,
000, The whole cost of the building, when com
pleted, could not honestly exceed $3,000,000.
The committee Further report that $8,220,000
was paid for armories and drill rooms, the re»;l
value being $202,000. For lumber, $463,000 was
paid; real value, $48,000. For advertising, sta
tionery and printing, $7,108,000 was paid, the
real value being $1,300,000. Loss tu the cilv,
$19,019,086,
The Post states that suits will be lironirht
against Nathaniel Sands, to recover $75,000
commission paid him for selling city bonds
while he was an officer in the city guvernment
in the receipt of a salary of SIO,OOO. A law ex
pressly provides against such action by an
official.
Evening. —Tweed was served with the order
of arrest early this afternoon by Sheriff Bren
nan. Tweed stated that he was anxious to go
before the court. Altera long consultation be
tween counsel, bail to the ninon nt of $2,000,000
was furnished by Jay Gould, Terrance Farley,
Hugh Bernard Kelly and B. O. Fair
child.
Another suit has been commenced in the su
preme court against Tweed by corporation
counsel O'Gorman, iu behalf of the board
of supervisors, charging corruption and
conspiracy to defraud the cuunty by fraudulent
charges for work and materials, to be tried in
this county.
Sheriff Brennan has orders of arrest, from
Judge Learned, for Ingersoll, Garvey and
Wmalward, but they cannot tic found.
Judge Barrett said last night that the com
mittee of seventy are not at all disheartened bv
the failure of the grand jury to find a true bill
against Mayor Hall; that though the prosecu
tion is tvmporarilj’ suspended, there is every
reason to hope that a final result will be reached
in the matter which will satisfy the people that
the charges made were not referring particular
ly to the action of the grand jury. He said:—“l
do not say that false testimony has been given
to the jury, but I cun say this: that District
Attorney Garvin was requested by the commit
tee of seventy to subpama such parties as were
acquaintc I with the facts in the case,’some of
whom we named to him; that none of those per
sons so named were subpoenaed by him, but in
stead witnesses were subpoenaed who knew
nothing whatever of the fads.”
Tweed looks ten years older. He is reported to
have paid ten thousand dollars to John Graham,
the criminal lawyer, as a retaining fee. Tweed
denies that the money shown to have lieen re
ceived by him was in repavment of sums loaned
to the contractors. He docs no deny that lie
got the money. This defence does not explain
why he received it through a third person, and
why he got only a fraction of the sums paid his
agent. Nor does it explain away the damning
fact that the sums of money thus received as al
leged from contractors who owed him, are shown
to be the proceeds of the forged warrants of
Keyser Co.
The report of the committee of citizens shows
that there was paid:
For safes in court house $482,5*37
Estimated value 63.450
Carpets 641,900
Estimated value 18,876
Furniture, cabinet work, and fitting up .2,961,137
Estimated value .303,551
Painting 352,965
Estimated value 89,500
Plumbing and gas tittiug 914,.‘130
Estimated value 73,752
Plastering 1,937,545
Estimated value 70,050
The carpenters’ work amounted to $1,020,755;
value unestimated. The endm semen is of J. B.
McDavidson Co. on live of the thirteen war
rants in their favor fur safes are apparently not
in the handwriting of Davidson.
The endorsement of J. A. Smith on checks
purporting to Im* in his favor fur carnets are un
questionably nut genuine, there being ten dis
tinct kinds us writing. The endorsements on
seven of the nine warrants purporting to be is-
sued to A. Hall. Jr., lor painting, are believed
to be not genuine. The endorsements on most
ol the eighteen warrants issued toC. D. Boelar
X(’ lor I unlit lire, etc., are believed to be not
genuine. Un* reports contain the statement
that the salaries paid in the departments are ex
cessive.
The democratic reform convention to-night
nominated county officers, including Wm. E.
Curtis mid John Sedgwick judges ol the supe
rior court. These nominations me made in har
mony with the views of the citizens’ committee
of seventy. Resolutions were adopted denounc
ing Tammany hall corruptions and robberies,
and expressing confidence in the leaders of the
reform party, Horatio Seymour,Chas. O’Conor,
Samuel J. Tilden and Oswald Ottendorier.
I he council ot political reform to-night nomi
nated Geo. C. Barrett, for judge ot the supreme
court. Wm. C. Curtis and Huoper C. Van Vorst,
judges of ihe upenor court; Franz Siegel, regis
ter. aud a full senatorial assembly and city
Among the state senators nominated
are O’Donovau Russa and Daniel Tieman;
among the assemblymen, Wm. M. Evarts and
Charles (FConor.
The bill of complaint against Tweed, Garvey,
Ingersoll mid Woodward asks judgment for
M»,312,0()l), with interest thereon tr in Septem
ber 1, 1870, and costs of action. It is based on
a ic.-olntion of the board of audit, under which
Watson s audits of claims were admitted, with
out inspection, bv the mayor, controller and
I weed. It is claimed that every warrant de
posited by Woodward was based upon
a false and fictitious pretended ac
count, and that no one of such
umranis wa> ever in the hands of the alleged
pavee. It is also alleged, in connection with the
robbery of the controller’s office, that Connolly
having refused to resign to the mayor, the lat
ter, in collusion with Tweed and others, ami
with the intent to delay ami embarrass suits In
stituted by the people, ordered the corporation
counsel to bring actions against Tweed and
others, with die intent to shield them.
Rosenzweig’s trial was resumed this morn
ing. The prosecution closed with additional
medical testimony. The council for the de
tenee said he could prove that Rosenzweig was
not in the house when the cart man called for
the trunk. He expected to prove the innocence
of his client, but did nor indicate the line of de
fcnce. Rebutting medical testimony wasintro
duced to show that no illegal operation was
performed.
In the Rosenzwing trial, this afternoon, the
prisoner testified that he had been known by
other names, and that the soiled clothes found
iu his house after the death of Alice Bowlcsby
were those of his wife, who was delivered of a
child a few weeks previous. The woman in
while who came to his house, and alleged lo
have been Alice Bowlcsby, (was another girl,
limned Nettie Fox.
A young woman, named Mary Madigan, was
confronted with the prisoner, who swore that he
never saw her before. She swore that, in De
cember, she called ar his office, No. 3 Amitv
place, where he passed as Dr. Ascher. He pro
cured an abortion on her. Adjourned till to
morrow.
1 he arrest of the counterfeiter vesterdav was
the most important that has been made in this
country. Ballard is the only man outside us
the government employ who Knows the secret
of manufacturing government fibre paper, and
the material captured comprises a SIO,OOO trans
fer press, and is believed to be the only one
not used in the treasury department; full sets
of steel and copper plates for printing SIOOO,
S2O and $2 bills; also, full sets ot plates of titty
cent stamps; lull sets of treasury seals lor
stamping seals on notes, type for altering notes,
and $4500 in counterfeit notes.
The secretary of the yacht club informs Mr.
Ashbury that having won the majority of the
seven stipulated races, they have no cause for
further corespondence with him.
The first six months of this year $530,000
worth of revenue beer stamps was sold here,
mid $699,000 worth ot revenue cigar stamps in the
same perioil, an increase of $50,000 nearly on
the former, and $lll,OOO on the latter over last
year. In the same time $2,790,000 worth of to
bacco stamps|were .-old—an increase ol nearly
a quarter of a million.
Bertha Smith, eleven years old, took Paris
green, yesterday, because she was punished for
taking the money of her father to visit a fair.
She died in great agony.
Judge Barnard, to-day, said the question of
fees lor the receiver of the Erie railway ought to
be decided by the United States circuit court,
but he would render a definite decision soon.
The assistant treasurer, to-day,paid out $875,-
000 in gold, on account of the Novenilier inter
est; total thus far, only $3,275,000.
The Baltic Lloyd steamship company, of Stet
tin, contribute another thousand dollars, and
the Bremen chamber of commerce sent $12,000,
to-day, for Chicago.
Bail for Miner and other counterfeiters, ar
rested last night, was refused to-day. Their trial
will take place on Saturday.
Henry R. Low, the vice president of the Mid
land railroad, publicly states that the whole
power of that road will be used to defeat Samuel
leomaus, rhe democratic candidate for senator
in the 23d district; further, that he. and Mr. Lit
tlejohn have not only decided upon that course,
but issued their orders to that end. 'This is
merely imitating the example of the rival Erie
road, which has hitherto thrown all its influ
ence for the dem cratic party.
Receipts of cotton in all ports for the week,
97,74(1 bales; exports, 5019; receipts since Sept.
Ist, 367,014, against 437,288 for the same time
last year; exports, 140,995, against 146,371 lor
the same time last. year.
Hon. George S. Boutwell delivered, to night,
before the Mercantile library association in
Steinway hall, substantially the same lecture
given in Boston last evening.
In the ocean yacht race to-day, between the
Dreadnaught and the Dauntless, from Sandy
Hook twenty miles to windward and return,
the Dauntless won by twenty-two minutes and
tun seconds.
Oct. 28, 1 a. m.— There arc no signs of the
Russian fleet oil Sandy Hook. The weather is
clear.
In JYleiuoriitau.
THE HERO OF FORT SUMTER.
Cinoinn vri, Oct. 27.—Private dispatches
say that Gen. Robert Anderson died at Nice,
I'lunre, last evening. He went from Venoy to
Nice three weeks ago, hoping to receive bene
fit frum change, liis family were with him.
His remains will be brought by the United
States vessel Guurriere to this country for in
terment.
Political.
OHlO—official returns.
Columbus, Oct. 27.—Official returns show
tlmi Noyes’ majoiity lor governor is 20,186; to
tal vote of the state, 150,462.
Abbreviated lliMpatebcN.
Hie German parliament has adopted a resolu
tion ratifying the treaty with France.
Ice has formed in the Baltic, and there is dan
ger ol interruption of navigation.
Cardinal Antonelli is seriously indisposed.
The gravest apprehensions are entertained.
All the Pesth journals publish warm appeals
to the people lo hold meetings for the relict oi
Chicago.
It is reported that the French national assem
bly and government will return to Paris before
December.
At Macon, Ga., yesterday, Weston’s walk of
fifty and a half miles was completed in nine
hours, forty-nine minutes, forty-five seconds.
The governor of the Portuguese colony of
Goa, on the west coast of India, has telegraphed
to the government stating that a revolt Is threat
ened, and asking assistance.
Montpensier, in a letter to the president of the
Spanish congress, infmms that body that he
will take his seat as soon as his daughter’s
health will permit.
The French government yet owes the Swiss
coniedeiiuion two millions and a half francs
expended by the latter in the maintenance of
Bourbaki’s army.
The small pox is raging fearfully in Philadel
phia, and many cases have been prevented being
brought here by the vigilance of the car con
ductors.
A Spartanburg, S. C., letter of the 23d states
that seventy-five kuklux were arrested in that
county. Their testimony implicates leading
men ot all classes. Warrants are out for a
hundred more, including a memberoi the legis
lature and one minister. Hundreds are fleeing
to escape arrest,
A San Francisco dispatch of yesterday says:
The train on the Central railroad, which left
heie for the east this morning, ran oil' an em
bankment fifteen feet high, near the crossing of
the San Joaquin river, at noon. Four cars were
demolished, and one passenger fatally and a
numlicr seriously injured. Names not given.
Senator Murton of Indiana anil partv, in a
special rar on the rear of the tram, escaped un
harined.
Saltillo still holds out against the Monterey
revolutionists. Eight hundred government
troops have arrived to reinforce the garrison.
Escobedo, vommauder-iu-chicf of the govern
ment troops, is marching against the rvlrels.
Hu- small cities in Nuevo Leon Province have
pronounced against Trevino. Two thousand
Mexicans have crossed into Texas tu escape
rebel proscription.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—AmerI
can ana foreign. Patents procured,Rejected Ap
Plications re-argued; Interference Cases Prosecuted:
Opinions given as to the validity and infringement of
Patents and Suits prosecuted and defended iu the U. 81
Courts, by
THOS. H DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman offthe
Hoard of Appeals. U. N. Patent office,) Counsellor al
Law. and Advocate tn Patent Cases. Office, Dodgega
B ock,corner Park and Portland sts. Worcester, Masa.
u 24 d.twtf
STOVE STORE,
M IIX *THRET 01.11 XO. «7O
IU)H dtt
PRI( E I CENTS
JYliscdtancous.
Sl RB U«K!
Jl >ll XSTON S
Klieiiniatic
Compound
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WARRANTED—NO CURE, NO PAY
See testimonials in Evening Gazette.
AGENCY WITH
EDUI Y A. UAIIRE A,
Apothpcarv,
IN BAY ■TATE BOINK
.in
JJAVANA CUIARS:
T un.krxlKnca are recetvlnK hr WrTklv Slnmrr, a
lull assortment ui the most dmirabh* brand ot
HAVANA CIGARS.
I heir -tock is and thome hlv assorted, enabling
them at all tinier lo till orders iirompin, with the Irish
est and most desirable noods, ami at the lowesl prices.
Price Lisis will he forwarded on applie iilun.
The lollowlnu brands are among these which they
receive regularly:
Ei Rosa de Santiago, Partagas,
La Antniuediid. Cabanas,
r lor del b umar, Figaro,
Flor de Sazo, Espanola.
K. Gonzales. n n ry Clay,
Aquila de Oro, Ingeniihtad,
1 pmaiin. Iniimidad.
hurruca, Ro-alia
Osaguera, R VS erva,
Nurias. Aquila Cniversal,
Adaucion, EMVueion.
LegiUmidad, Merldiana.
PARK TI LFORD,
KROAKWAV.
Now l ork, Ang. 1.1871. dam aU |7
I JISSOtUTION or COPARTNERSHIP.
.J.. 1 9 r ’?l •'’■'•‘‘“('•n- ex sting, under the name o
lu-.\ ERE .V HEWETT, Is this dav dhsolved bv miilua
consent. kevFre.
S. A. lIEWE ri'.
I shall continue the hUMiie-s of General Jobbing. Re
pairing sewing Machines. Ac hereloiore conducted by
Revered Hewett, at No. no Soulhbrhlge st.
Woice-f< i. Od. 23. )N7|. dtf V 1-1
TYRBSS AND CLOAK MAKING.
MBS. A. C. OKVBB
would respectfully inform the ladies of WorceMer and
vicinity, that she will open rooms tor Dress and Cloak
Making, ut 424 Main st., cor. Pleasant, on Monday, Oct
9, Room No. 4. dint* <4
END AL L BANISTER,
Auctioneers Commission Merchants,
win give their personal attention to Sales bv Auction of
Real Estate and Personal Property of even description,
tn tv or stale. Consignments of New and Second
hand rurnltun*, Drv Goods, Groceries. Crockery, and
oilier l crsonal Property, solicited tor our regular sales,
or tor special sales, at our large and commodious Sales
Room.
PKENTINS BLIH K, FRONT MT.,
opposite 'Trumbull st., Worcester. Drv ami Fancy
Goihls. cutlery. Silver Plated Were, clocks. Walch.s,
Jewelry and a large variety o| Merchandise at private
sale, al low price-. Fair anil honorable treatment to all
-our motto. IIOKACE KENDALL,
L. W. P, A NISTER.
U orcester, October 20,1870. dim o >a
WORCESTER
Industrial Advertising Agency
A N l>
GENERAL 1 NTELLI r.S<‘ U OKFICK,
Room No. 1 Rogers’ Block,
Corner Main and Pleasant streetg.
Life, V>rc mid Accidental liiNurnncc
Promptly Attcudrd to.
HOUSES. TENEMENTS, SHOPS, STORES, ROOMS,
AC.. SECI RED FOR THOSE WHO WISH.
Property Rented Bills Collected, Situations Found for
Domestics, and Help obtained on Hie most reasonable
term.-. Domestics secured for general lioiibowork, cooks,
chambermaids, kitchen girls, table waiters lor hotel'
and saloons, and general information given to those who
are coming into the city and are looking lor work, or de
sire a situation in any kind of business.
1 K HUBBARD.
AGEN is WANTED—To canvass the country and
sell Patent Articles and Yankee Notions.
Draco hours from N to 12, from 2 to 5, and 6 to K.
"21 dlf
E 1* T E M BEK 1 1871.
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Druggists,
PKOPBIKTURS OF
Nodical Hall, EMab. 1847.
430 Main St., cor. Pleasant,
DBALERS IN
Pure Drisus
anl all the PATENT MEDICINES in the market.
WINES AND LIQUORS for medicinal u>e—all wai;
RANTiiD FUKE ANI» UNADULTERATED.
ttF“OUR MOTTO.«£fI
“A NIMRkK PUN NY IS KETTF.K
THAN A NEOW Nl X PKN i:.’’
1#" We respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
»1 <iir
pASHA ALTS
ARABIAN COFFEE,
One Idb. Foil Packaget. 4 0 Ll).< u*eii.
RETAIL PRICE, CENTS A POUND.
UIIKAP
IIKA KTH Y
E(OVOMKAL!
HKL.KIOVB
TRY IT.
IfT 'Grocers, send tor Price IJ»t.
OKOKOE s. AI»AMS .V <’O.,
sj il&wihu Noh. 342 W st... New Yor
E LOH G R 1 FFIT HS
CELEBRATED
SAWS, I A W
HAXB SAWS, A VV
WOOI» SAWS.
ROMS-CI TSAWN, ol all
Arc Superior tu all Olio
Every SAW Wan
pebfect satisfaction guaranteed.
rr For nale by Hardware and Country Dealers, and
the Manufacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
s 7 d<tw3n> 1-15 «V 111 Frileml Nt., Boston
AMERICAN it FOREIGN PATENTS
R. n.
Solicitor of Patents tor Inventions. Trade Marks, or
Designs, No. 76 State st., opposite Kilby st.,
Boston.
No Agency in the United States poueuu superior fa
editiesjor obtaining Patents, or ascertaining (he patenta
bihtu q/ tnceuttons.
All necessity of a journey to Washington to procure a
Patent, and the great delay there, arc here saved
Inventors.
'Testimonial*.
“1 regard Mr. Eddy as one ot the most capable and
sticceHafui practitioners with whom 1 have had official
inteicourse.
<il ARLES MASON, Commissioner of Patents.”
”1 have no hesitation in assuring inventors that they
cannot employ a man more competent and trustteorthy,
and more capable of putting their applications in a form
to secure for them an early and favorable consideration
al the Patent Office. EDMUND Bl KKE,
Late Commissioner of Patents.”
“Mr. R. H. Eddy has made forme over TH IR IY ap
plications for Patents, having been successful in almost
every case. Such iinmi'iakable proof of great talent and
ability on his part, leads me to recommend all inventors
to apply to hint to procure their patents, as they may be
sure of having the most faithful attention liestuwcd on
their cases, and at very reasonable charges.
Boston Jan. 1 ls7l. dJlwlv 110 JOHN TAGO ART.
(COPARTNERSHIP NOTIC E. The firm
J of Davis Jt Knowlton.
Grocers and Dealers in Flour Grain,
8 this day dissolved by mutual consent. The business of
the late firm will be settled by D. W. Knowlton, who
will continue the business at the old stand. No. id Grove
street. J. WALTER DAVIS,
nn.N <ltf D. W. KNOWLTON.
BOARD FOK HORSES!—The subscriber
lias good accommodations for boarding 15 or 21)
Horses for the winter. I). A. CRaIC«,
021 dlw» Rochdale. Mass.
VI RS. F. N. MOORE will go out by tin*
AUL day. with sewing machine or without—will do all
kind' ol sewing. Machine Stitching neatlv executed
Room H Parker's Block, ill Main st.. lower iwil. dtwuli’
/SASH PAID for Ladies’ and Gentlemen’s
Lefl-ott Wearing Apparel. Ac. ’Articles will lie
called for hy addressing W. T.. Box 123, Worcester.
o2ti diw*
VEW ENIILAND TELEGRAPII ACAD-
As EMY. Ihl Tremont >l., Boston. for Young Men and
Ladies. No class system. For terms, Ac., scad for ctr
lulara. deopim oX
AMVKKTInINW HATI»
fa Daily Bpr—For the “Square’ often lima noli
agate type, 1 time7s eta.; each subeequent insertion M)
CU.; 1 Week >2 2 weeks $4.00; 1 month <0; 1 tear
S»>o and the aame rule proportionally fur any numi r o
squares. Two Unes for one week 11.00; three line f1.2.>;
lourllnos si the llnes»l.w. Local notices ceuta
per Hut lor each Insertion. Business notices D cents per
lliw. OWiuary »<,i| ces m01m,.,™, „is rent, per Una
Legal ndveeliwnn nl. gl.w per .quart, f„ r 0i»l iu.er
lion; each subsequent insertion 5o cents,
special positions; hl the paper, and special My lea of
display, will lie charged ex Ira rates. c U i ami dmibe
column advei tisemimts allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for Hie whole epa. e u.m, d.
In Weekly Sri—Find hKcriion slih> per xnuiie
each subsequent insertion .Ml cents; 3 months ..ne
year >25.00.
(To <et.
V I'H’E T(> LET -The room fnoncrly
ii U|'i«-d lo John D t'liollir.i in otth in T incoln
House Block I hi* HHiiii i- up of t ill front
og on Main sl and is very pleasant tnd de-ir::lde. For
terms, dec., apply to Jolix h CIKH l llt
No Ui Ma n -i Taj lot ■Gi anil. Building
dll
T'?'''!'?? Tn UENI Al 80-loin
-I Mlth stable room n a<-n-ed.
JOSEPH A. lIOWLWO.
''•lt s Loudon st.
U'. I One first-uljinn Tenement of sor
h rooms, a -ooneoi three nic room-. P nh t,.
,n B"l.\Mi. uwMim, .J,
rpo LET A .Lsiml,],. Truculent of six
I rooms, inquire at H'; hatham-t
027 d3i*
PIKST CLASS TENEMENT, with m 4-
1 ern inipruvementn. to rent, n s L.mdo i
o-« 'Ri' _ Jose ph a. how land.
riM> KENT—A First-. Ia« L .w<t Tem-.m nt
it 6 rooms with molern improv■ in. nl ,i 1A
brick biiM'k corneroi Washituton iml ikna q
om store. Inquire at 42 Orange si nom Ito i.
or al 513 Main st. THos. MON AH AN
02® dll'
rpo l.r i v No. 5 3elmont st..m .1
1. oln Square, an unperand low er t> m mem. ..i iom
room- i.n h newly finished Pos-esjJon given nnmeil
ahh Inqiilreof JA< OB lIA I FF.
026 du Cor. Lincoln and Belmont -t
P|lO LEI’ A fiirnisheil Front Boom, with
1. board, i.»r a genlleman and nite, i all, or a hire
II No. 6 Congress st. dtit <•’4
WEN EM ENT TO LET—No. ,‘JO Fpi me
st., lor 5 rooms; cits water and water rl.-et
biy w indow. All mi the rti-l floor. Inquire in lop story
the same number. uM* o2a
r pO LET--Two Tenements of five rooms
JL each, in brick block. Salem st. Rent SH» per month.
E SPAI LDIXG,
o2® dll* 95 Salem i.
fPO LE I’ A Suite <>i ruonis, or a tenement,
on Prarl st. Apply al 17 Pearl st corner hesinut,
between the hours ot N and 9 a. m and 12 and 1 e, m.
025 dlw
f|l(> LET Two Tenements on WaNhingi; n
st. Inquire of E. K. RICE, cm. sitmmil and ii
sl.i dlw*
fpo LET Two Tenements on Wilmot t.
Ji Inquire of ADIN TUAYEI:, 3-K Ma.n i.
024 dtf
KENT A tiistrliss 'l’rnement, with
modern improvemeiil Inquire on Hie po mi .s,
cornel Providence and Harri on is. dlw’ o
4 FINE LOT OF
Pianofortes and Dn>ans
TO RENT!
AT VERY BOW PRICES.
444 MAIN ST.
BICHARDS, METCALF CO.,
0,5 dtf SPY BLOtk.
f|l<> LET A large room. 2d floor, 582 Main
A. i. Inquire of K 111 Bl’. IR|>
Block, Main st. dti
LET— At Soulh End,near Horse R. R,,
Il a new and desirable Cottage I louse, i> room I’o
session given immediately Apnlv to
ABBOTT A RICE, 1 I A nt ral Exchange.
AU Re tl Estate Braki i
fpo LET Nice New Tenement of 7 rooms.
No 2 Larch st near Merrick sl. dtf 525
I J KT—A suit of rooms over the Five
A Cent Savings Bank. Inquire of
'HI C. Il Mtßlft. See*/.
I)ESK ROOM TO 1,1'.T Up one
"A ""TH v l 1 "'k OuH.lii.s. lii.iuu.- at
Ist National I-ire 111* Co’s office. du 0 13
fpo LET Two Tenements on Providence
sl.—one of lour rooms, one ot three room-, to \n <r
lean families. Inquire lieiwcen 6 and 7r. m
W. F. POND,
JH* -m HProvldence t
4 FIIIST-(JLASS L( >WER TEN EM EN T
To REN I', at No. 20 Crown -I. Inq >ir<- mi the
premises. dtf
SALEOR TO LET In th.u ntie of
Boylsloii, a Store and Teneineiit coimecte J. of n
room-, aood barn and one acre of laud For i. fei,m-e
inqiiiieof HORACE KENDALL, or JOHN ANDRI W
near the premises. JOHN ANDIU Us
Boy talon, oct. lt>. WH. du
LET Rooms for light manufacturing
purposes, up one flight. Inquire nl
WORCEsTEi: skirt CO
dtf _ MM Mai n st.
IK) LET—lnthe Rloek corner of Main and
Pleasant sis., on the third floor, a room 2lx >O.
Also, to let, in Ilie Neo Block op|io>iie th.
two rooms on the second floor, suitable tor ofli. one
2> x Jtl, and one 20 x 25. R c TIY| of
iW dtf
f|K) LET Nice tenements at Nos. 1 1-2 and
-A 3Davmst. Apply to Mra. E. D. V ARNER I Jm-
O>st. du 111 H
f|K) LET--The large lower tenement ot nine
-A rooms, with stable, al the corner of Fdw <r<l and
IMinoul sis. Apply to WM. iUO. al Ilie eoruer of
l.ast and Farwell :sts. du s
F|lO BENT Suit <>f Front Rooms in 2d
story Rouldhig'H Granite lrto« k, siiitablelorMilii
m-ry or 0110-r bu-ine>H purposes. Apph to
'IU W. 11. tlOl LDIN’d.
f|K> LET—A newly finished Lower Tene
lueni of 15 or 7 rooms, al No. 5 silver st Inquire at
Hie house before 7 N o'clock A. m., or al hi t; f. m.
dtf N. M. BARNES.
|>OOMS TO RENT—
Also, STORAGE.
dti IMsithk V
z jb» RENT Suits of Rooms, or Siiipio
Rooms for officeu. Also, Desk Room and room*
oiiitable tor lodging.
023 dtf (lOODNOW fi TAYLOR.
RENT—The Store No. 17 on Mechanic
J it I ect, now occupied by tin- Si. Louis Flour Co.
I lit store is admirably adapted lor the gram, iron or
other heavy business. Inquire of
CEO. CROMPTON,
my 6 dtf Crompton Loom WorKs. Green t.
f|V> RENT—To a small family, one Upper
A Tenement of 5 rooms, corner of Harrison and Bake
liq.l.v on premise-, orot .lA-. MKLVNi I Y, olln e
No. b Worcester Bank Block, I o t. dti 06
LET One tenement, of'seven rooms.
Apply at No. 2t» West st. dll o 4
r |l(> LET In Crumpton’s Block, Met hnnic
A st., rooms of various sizes on second, third and fouith
floors, nitable tor offices, manufiwtiiring purposes, mid so
ciely rooms. This new and elegant block isc< nti.ulv lo
cated Within a lew rods of Main st. an<; the Depot- H m
in the lai-incHs centre of the city, and is fl tied up with all
Uiemodern improvements, making it one oi the most
desirable locations lor business in Worcester. For terms
and further particulars, inquin es
GE<». CROMPTON.
Je2o dtf Crompton Loom Works Green st.
RENT—A conveniert tenement of 6
rooms, all on one fluor, in the new house corner of
Harrison and Coral sis. dtf au3l
/or Snk.
pBDDLER'S WAGON
KOR SA.KT3!
Most convenient and well arranged for one or two
horsi s; has lieen used foi Dry Gooils, Ac. Gilt letu rs
Dry Gootls nt Ibuail." Would make a good Wholesale
team. Flowersand Porcelain L nob*. Pi ice Sl. r >o
pit to JAMES LEARNED Montague, Mas-.
<>27 u2tAw2l*
lx Ft >R SALE One nict
K MARE: wn.hi al-m
lonillbs. Also, one new Phaeton. Thev may
lie seen at John Culler’s Stahl., rca r ui iso
Front st dlw* w t ,27
I ioUNTER SHHW IU
ng oi z.i acre- Will
sdl the whole or part, inquire of G. A. BRIGHAM, on
the premises. dlw* 1»27
1 FACTORY FOR SALE OR TO RENT,
with water and Hteani power; situated on the line
of the Providence Railroad, m thecilt oi Wum ter.
Apply to Wasiibckn A Moen Ms«; Co.
apH dti
For SALE-Large rise Lord Kettle and
Press, cheap. W. IL BRAYrnN.
024 .141* 141 Main t
1?OR SALE STANDING WOOD AND
TIMBER, within IS mb sos <il y Hall; also, 200
cords of Drv Wood, ready hn markei.
U. N. POND «fc CO
024 dtf 2 Front st. Exchange.
CIALORIC- ENGINE—3 Horse Power, iu
z good order, for sale by
CHARLES WILDER.
o.'l Bill I- Main--!.
SALE—THREE SHARES STILES
1 RESERVOIR STOCK. Addriss
A. WHEELOCK,
014 dtf Charlton Depot. Masa.
JUHI SALE!
A Grocery and Provision Store,
on Main st Worcester. doing a paying business o
$40,000 per year; situation as good as any In th< city;
custom tlrst class. Best of reasons lor s< thug inquire
ol N II CI.ARK. Front St., or E. I SMITH A opp.
B A I R IL Im poL dn
Horse blankets for sale a
lew hundred good common Blankets, well made
up. nt low prices. si M SER PRATT,
aM dtf 8 Freni L
LAPPEKS FOR SALE Two
Whitin 3-l>eater tappers, iron frames, now run
nlng in good order, ready for delivery Nov. I kpph to
CORIHS MILLS.
m dis Millbury, Ma
C'ABINET ORGAN FOR SALE! For
sale at a bargain, one nearly new M \Son HAM
LIN CABINET ORBAN. It is the Style E. 5-ociave,
double-reed, with Mib-buse and octave coupler, seven
stons, with two -ets Vibrators thioughont on* ot tour
tect pitch, one of sixteen feet; and one octave ot sub
liasc connected with the manual; an I octave coupler
giving effect of tour sets of reeds; knee swell and tremu
lant; self-adjusting reed-valves; improved bellows*
coupler connects with octave below. Apph to
L. M. WAI lE.
■■'f dim Leicester Ma-
25 TH MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.
UINTOttV or CO. K.
tom prising an account of ail the engagements the oh!
2oth participated in during its three v.aisol tv
geiher with Roster ol c„ k, and Li ts oi the hilled sud
ountted. i'rwe 50cts. Bent poat i>aid on tpuhcaiion
io WM. E. MUlJon tx
KW dim* 4, Cungrvsi st., Beaton, Mas*,