REPUBLICAN STATE NOMINATIONS.
Seeretary of State........se-.@. BILTON SCRIBN ER.
CORPOller. ..ouieniessseesns NELSON K, HOPKINS.
Atiorney-General........e...... FRANCIS C. BARLOW.
State Engineer and Surveyor... WILLIAM B. TAYLOR.
Canal Commissioner. ..........ALEXANDER BARKLEY.
State Prison Inspector. THOMAS KIRKPATRICK
Anti-Tammany County Ticket:
For Register... ......ovver i MajorGen. FRANZ SIGEL.
For Supreme Court........ GEORGE C. BARRETT:
For Marine Court.......... ALEXANDER SPAULDING.
ELECTION TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7.
HO Gouthasnas

Jonx Hecker is the Reform candidate for
Assembly in the Vth district (VIIth Ward and
thereabout). He is a Democrat, but honest
and worthy, and we urge every Republican in
the district to give him a hearty, effective
gupport. The poor know him as a friend,
though he don't steal Five Millions and give
them £30,000 of it as hush-money.

cranes A. Framyer (George P. Bradford
faving declined) is now the only anti-Ring
and Republican candidate for Assembly in the
XV 11th District, which consists of the Twenty
cecond Ward. We hope he may be elected,
as he certainly ought to be. The Reform
epirit is very strong there, and we look for a
cheering report from it next Tuesday night.

STerHEN PELL is the only Republican as also
the Reform candidate for Assembly in the
IXth district (composed mainly of the IXth
Ward). A life-long citizen of that district, of
mature judgment and unspotted reputation, he
is so widely and favorably known that only
monstrous frauds can defeat him, Republi
cans! watch for and arrest every repeating
rascal, and you canuot fail to triumph. That
district would lave chosen a Republican last
year but for the unfortunate division of our
votes. Now that you are united, go in and
win'
BE ai
Georce H. Mackay is the candidate for
Assembly in the XIIIth district (XVIth Ward)
of the old Republican organization, of the Re
form Committee of Seventy, and (we believe)
of the new Republican organization also;
Judge Isaac Dayton, their first nominee,
having peremptorily declined. Mr. Mackay is
a good and true man, widely known in the
district, and deservedly popular. A full and
honest vote will elect Mackay, and that is the
vote we are bound to have. All together now
Jor an honest and worthy representative in the
anext Assembly

SAMUEL J. TILDEN is the Reform candidate
for Assembly in the XVIIIth district, compris
ing the XXIst Ward. We do not know that he
has any competitor; at all eveuts, no com
petition will avail. Mr. Tilden is a Democrat
who has the old-fashioned conception of of
ficial integrity and frugality; and he makes
zelentless war on the Tammany thieves, first,
because they have robbed the City; secondly,
because they have disgraced his party. We
predict that, whether opposed or not, he will
$ave the largest majority of any man chosen
¢o this vear's Assembly.
Horatio SEYMOUR (ex-Governor) is nomi
{Sao by the anti-Ring Democracy of the
th District (Manhattanville, Carmansville,
&e) for the Assembly. We beg that no
‘Republican be run against him, but that
fhe receive (as against Tom Fields) every
ican vote in the district. We
wlways did and always must oppose Gov.
Seymour's politics but this election involves
qo party consideration. We can elect no Re
Fiktiona in that district; we ean elect that
emocrat who does mot pocket fifty per cent.
of a dubious claim for TIulf a Million by hiin
pushed through the Legislature over that one
who does. VW hat Republican, what honest man,
an hesitate 7
Horatio N. TwomsLy is the candidate of
Moth Republican organizations in the VIIth
Assembly District (comprising the XVth Ward
wery nearly) and also of the Reform Committee
pf Beventy. He was fairly elected last year,
pod not even counted out: he was simply
phut out, becanse Tweed needed a tool in his
peat, and Twombly could not be made to serve
his tarn. Every one knew he was the member
petaally chosen; yet Democrats who pretend
#0 some character voted to keep him out
pf the seat. The district has now an oppor
tunity to reprobate this great wrong, and will
do it, never doubt! But the verdict should
‘be overwhelming, and we ask the voters of
that district to swell Twombly's majority to
Five Hundred at least. Do let ns hear that
Two Thousand voters have registered in the
good old XVth Ward to-day!

GIVE ONE DAY TO THE CAUSE OF GOOD GOV
ERNMENT.
The Committee of Seventy has issued t
following appeal
406 LOomniee vi pevaenly nas 1ssuea tone
following appeal
The Executive Committee of Seventy, appointed hy the
ublic meeting assewbled at the Cooper Institute, ou the
on of Beptew ber, futnesty appeal to all citizens of every
Ddusiness. trade, and calling to close their respective
places of business on Tuesday, Nov. 7, and to wake the
election itself their sole business for that day, to the end
RLat a full and fair vote, and an honest canvass at the
lose of the polls, uF be secuted,
The occasion 18 The ResponaiInLY that rests
opon us is momentous, The contest is a direct and pen
«ne between the great mass of honest citizens who labor
Jor their hiving and an organized gang of feittiea) plus.
wderers whose only calling is Ww prey upon the City Treas
‘ary sud to enrich themselves without labor at the public
ost. The Committee deem it of the utmost importance
Rbat every honest citizen, whatever bis occupation,
hould be perfectly free on election day to devote bim
If Ww the pubilc service. They believe that by this
thousands of votes will be gained to the cause of
reform, sad thut by the numerous and determined pres
of honest voters at the polis and during the canvass,
peating, false registering, and ballot-box stuffing will
chooked, and the Tammany Ring will be restrained
rom sitewpting the frauds iu the count which they have
fbreatened.
The bauks and other public offices, which must, by
flaw, be kept open, are also urged to make such arrange
ents ws will enable every employé to deposit his vote,
HENRY G. STEBBINS, Chairman,
Wu. F. HAVEMEYEE, Vice-Chalrman.
ROSWELL D. HAT 1, Secretary.
New-York, Oct 31 1871.
me
THE ELEVENTH SENATE DISTRICT.
The Democrats have no Senatorial candidate
#5 the XIth District. Judge Nelson declines, and no other
rfespoctable man will take his place. This is a gratifying
<ompliment to the Republican nominee, Mr. Palmer,
“whose high character makes him acceptable to the honest
men of all parties. The 4ldany Argus approves the sug
gestion tbat the Democrats vote for Judge Nelson in
Rue of his protest. Judge Nelson's latest expression on


subject sppears iu The Evening Post of yesterday,
fas is in these words:
the Bdliors of The Evening Post.
fo Tae SE SH a
ot
Tousx A. Nuwsox,
THE COMMITTER QF 6BVENTY—JUDGE LEDWITH'S
g RESIGNATION.
The Sub-Oommittes ou Elections of the
Commiiioe venty evening, st Bro 2
Twenty ercond ot., Menry G. ‘Btodbine m ow
Judge Legwitlysent in his resignation as member of
Rho Qugmifter of Beventy, and if was fnmediately
accepted, subject to'the approval of the Committee, The
Assewbly tieket for the whole city was completed hb
the wns of H. 6G.
wr EE de fl Boe 1G 4
wal opted” fnviting citizens
thelr places of business ou election-day, soThAt they los
all thelr employés may devote the whole day to the higsi
Ee vo the Fok and endeavoring to secre
Yot® us possible for honest und capable nog
Couuplites adjourned, W ment abable ki
POLITICAL.
CITY POLITICS.
NEW-YORK DAILY! TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER, 1, 187.—WITH SUPPLEMENT.
Reform demonstration at Cooper Institute to-morrow
evening, when a fall list of all the nominees indorsed
by the Committee of Boventy will be presented, and the
support of citizens in favor of good government will be
sole a.
Tu addition to the nominations aiready announeed, the
Committee of Seventy have indorsed the following nom
DalLons [or We ARsewmbly in
Dist.  Omiidates
I. Jewmes Higley,
IL. .Heory leak.
IT. Henry P. West
1V..Jobn Hecker.
Vil..Horstio N. Twombly.
Vii. .Oonrad Geib,
IX..Stepben Pell,
X..Heory IT. Holght
XI1..Rueh C. Hawking
dR AER CN AA A IT
MEETING.
REFORM
The Democratic Reform party held a mass
meeting last evening at No. 71 Eighth-ave. It was well
attended, and an outside meeting was organised. The
inside meeting was presided over by Jenkins Yan
Schaick. Just after the meeting had organized, gang
of abeut 40 men and half-grown boys came up from the
Eighth Ward and undertook to make a disturbance. The
police were summoned, and the Captain of the Precinct
ordered out is whole force, This and the arrest of one
of the gang sufficed to overawe the rest, and the meeting
proceeded iu an orderly manner.
Wii YVART
To the Edilor of The Tridune,
To (he Edilor of The Tribune,
Sir: Thousands keep away from the polls,
cheating their consciences thus: “I am not atax-payer.
Tux-payers are the people hurt mostly by your Rings.’
When the rich tax-payers desert the polls, do you think
that J should inconvenience myself, and fu cffeet do their
voting, by keeping the rogues out of their pockets?” Of
cou: se, the answer ia that a vote is given to a man for
lionest use, and cauvnot rightly be withheld to spite a
class, or indeed for any reason; for, if there {8 only a
Phvice of rogues, it 18 our duty to vote down the worst of
them. J. F. R.
New-York, Oct, 28, 1871.
rr —e
MURPHY'S REMOVAL A BOND OF UNION.
Tw the Jiam A R (Cuvwetrtr Madman
40 (Ae Lion, A. B, CORNELL, Chatrman,
Sir: 1 have received your circular letter
urging the importance of an organized efiort to secure a
full Republican vote at the coming election, and am im
pressed with the cogency of your suggestion. In view
of the recent developments of Democratic rascalities in
New-York City, It ought not to be a difficult matter to
rescue the State from the misrule of the Tammany rob
bers. To do this, however, the Republican party must
act as a unit. Divided Councils will never achieve suc
cess, In wy view, the Republican State Convention
neglected a grand opportunity to reconcile the differences
that have so long distracted our party In New-York
(ity. The substitute offered by Mr. Hamilton Ward for
the report of the committee was an olive branchot
peace, and a practical solution of tLe ditlicultics that
surrounded the New-York delegations, Such a proposi
tion coming from such a source should have been
adopted by acclamation, and would have been, had not
senator Roscoe Conkling used his influence and his per
suasive eloquence to defeat it. In doing this Mr. Conk
ling became the head and front of an offending faction.
But this 211 in the past and capuet be recalled, Tonly
Lope that such stupendous blupders will not result in
the defeat of our State ticket. You have my assurance
that whatever can be done in my humble capacity to
av ert such a calamity shall be faithfully performed.
Aud vow, will you allow me to make a suggestion or
two! You, Mr. Cornell, are the Chairman of the Repub
lican State Committee, a very commanding position, and
one which makes you the spokesman of the great Repub
lican party of New-York. You also hold an important
Federal position, which gives you access to the ear of
the President. Mr. Conkling is supposed to have the power
to remove any Federal officer in the State. Your rela
tions to Mr. Conkling are supposed to be such as to en
able you to have geome influence over him. Can you not
induce him to join you in asking the President to remove
Thomas Murphy He should never have been appointed
Collector of the Port of New-York, and the best thing
President Grant can do is to put some honest, capable
man into bis official boots without delay. This done, a
great scandal and a stumbling block will be removed,
and we shall have a face to ask honest Democrats to
join us in an attempt to overthrow the cor
rupt and mercenary robbers that are now
plundering the City and State of New-York. Till
then we shall never be able to make honest men of any
party appreciate the diflerence between the Tammany
Ring, with Wm. M. Tweed at its head, and the Custom
House Ring, with Thomas Murphy as its ruling spirit.
Very respectfully yours, JounN A. HALL,
Chautagqua Co., N. Y., Busti, Oct. 21, 1871.
(Mr. Hall bas many to sympathize with some of
the views which he expresses, but we beseech him
and all like-minded Republicans to ignore their dis
satisfaction over the retention of so unfit and dis
creditable a man as Mr. Murphy in the chief Federal
oflice of the State, and go in heartily for the election
of the whole Republican ticket. We do not propose
to suspend our exposures of Mr, Murphy. nor do we
intend to acknowledge that it is in the power of
either him or any like person to hinder the true
Republicans, who were the mainstay of the party
when he was fighting it, and will be after he has
been kicked out, from doing all they can to win a
clerions victory now over his Tammany partners.
Ld.)
a
KINGS COUNTY REPUBLICAN GENERAL COM.
MITTEE.
The Kings Ceuaty Republican General Com
mittee met last evening, Silas B. Dutcher in the chair.
The Executive Committee reported that a ratification
meeting would be held at the Academy of Music on
Saturday evening, and that on Friday 150.000 votes would
ne ready for distribution throughout tbe wards, The
delegations from the several wards and towns were in
structed to designate Depnty Sherifis, to be appointed
by the Sheriff of Kings County, to act at the polls on
election day. A resolution was adopted requesting the
Chairman to ark the Police Commissioners to allow can
didute~ to designate two persons to watch the canvass of
the baliots, William Eichardson prescuted the decling
tion of John H. B. Smith, who had been nomin.ted as
one of the Republican candidates for Coroner, The Ex
eoutive Comdnittee was anthorzed (o fill the vacancy,
and it is probable that it will nominate Dr. Wm. E.
Kamuerer. Adjourned.

TWEED DENOUNCED IN WESTCHESTER.
A well-attended meeting of Independent and
Reformed Democrats, in favor of Judge Robertson for
State Senator, and opposed to Wm. Cauldwell, the Tam
wan candidate, was held at Yonkers last evening. John
B. Haskin and others made addresses, and the following
resolutions were adopted
Resolved. That this meeting beartily condemn the momination of Wil
Jia Cauldwell for Senator from this district as not fit to Lave heen made.
For the two terms Le has been in that office he bas done noting for his
district Ye to pass peculating acts of legislation, increasing the taxation
of she county apd the district ‘‘moantains bigh.” He favors the aunezs
tion of this part of his county to New-York City for pecuniary purposes of
bis own sud Tammany Ring spolistion. We are unanimously opposed to
bis reelection for u third term, and to a dismemberment of Lh.s couuty or
anv part thereof, and we recommend all honest electors of the district to
voir for the Hon William H. Robertson, who Las been trie! as Super
visor, Senator, Assemblyman, County Judge, and Cougressiuan, and not
found Satin
Resolved, no Sesator should be elected in this State at the ap.
proaching election who will not publiely pledge biel! to vor w en
elected, against William M. Tweed's aking his sest in 2nd disgracing
the Senate of this State. Se notorious public robber and audacious a
swindler should never again be permitted to contaminate by bis prescues
the Benate ehamber, or desecrule seats forrieriy occupied by ble and
bouorsble statesmen. The Stave Prison, and uot the highest logsiative
ball, should be bovered by bis oecubamey,
Resolved, That we tender our meed of highest admiration and pratse to
Charles U'Oonor, the ahlest, purest, and best lawver in America, for Lis
sastduous sttention and ixdustnous efforts in behalf of the State in bring
ing Tweed and the otber public robbers to justice. His aud the edorts of
the Committee of Neventy deserve, and sbould receive the unqual.fied
commendation of all honest men in the county.
Hesolved, ‘That this meeting heartly approve and indorse the action
and the gallant ht of the Hom. Samuel J. Tilden, Chairman of the
Democratic State Committee. and head of the Demoerntic Mate orzanisa
tion, aginst William M. Tweed the greatest official robber of this, or
wny other ceatary, and against bis uarhte, whose flagitious corruption
and immense frauds have well nigh destroyed the Dewoeratic parts of
tis State and the Union. Nothing but the destruction of them, with
punisumert, and the restitution of the plundered property, ean ever re
store the Democratic party to power in the State or Cion, and we call
wpou all Louest citizens, without regard to furmer party ties or affila
tions, to upite aguinst further legislative corruption, by voting sohdl:
sguinst the Tammany Hing, and all its nominees, in this county and
souchoat the Btate.
CHANGES IN THE ELECTION LAWS.
di AACE 4407 37 Aredia ar
lative to the November election in this State:
The Legislature, at its last session, passed an Act,
chap. 712, Laws of 1871, making fmportant changes in the
statutes ful ating to the election of senators and members
of Assembly and representatives lu Congress.
Heretofore {except in New-York and Brooklyn) senat
ors and representatfves in Congress have been voted for
upon the ballot iudorsed State.”
By the act of last Winter, senators and representatives
in Congress, of the Btate, will bé hereafter voted for
upon separate ballots.
4 counties Slevting only one member of Aseembly, the
pomdnes has heretofore been voted for upen the ballot
indorsed Btete.” By Su aot of 1871, members of As
sembly in all the coun snd Assembly districts will
now be voted for wpon a egaruse dio.
At the ensuing general o at least four ballots
will.be voted for in all the counties, and Jshecsom of
elections are required to furnish correspo hum
per of ballot-bo Res.
The ballot indorsed “State” will contain the nominees
for Bate officers the County officers to be chosen this
Faull
Senators will be voted for upon the ballot indorsed
gente.’
Sdombers of Assembly will be voted for npom the ballot
indorsed Assembly.”
Justices of the Bupreme Cours, County Judges, Burro
gates, aud Special Canty Judges or Burrogutes, will be
vojod for upon s baflot indorsed Judiotary
ballots +i be deposited lu ballot boxes corte
spondiiaty lub and canvassed in the order above
+.2w the several Ovuaties er Usmmmisalausc Districts,
3 HI ViYe vee u
Dust, Candidates.
ULL. George bia
oe ackay.
XIV, John A. Foley.
XV. Frederick Killian.
XVI... Nicholas Honghton.
XVIL..Charles A. Flamer.
XVI. .Ramuel J. Tilden.
XIX. .Horstle Revmour.
XX..S8evern D. Moulton.
XXI.. Wm. A. Whi
WHY VOTE'
where wnesnoles 8¢hool Commi will be
elected upon an Additional ballot, rod Bohoo] Com
missioner.’
Ci special election law remains in foroe as to New-Yofk
We learn that the Beeretary of State is preparing a
compilation of the election laws, with forms and instruc
tions adapted to the change in ballots aud baliot-boxes
aud order of canvassing votes, the repeal of the registry
law, and the extension of right of suffrage to colored
men, by the lecishiture of 1870, &e., which will be dis
tributed to election officers during the coming month.
IMPORTANT TO NEW-JERSEY VOTERS.
EE ——a—
The New-Jersey Legislature of 1871 passed
a Registry law. Under the provisions of this law, no
person, naturalized or native born, can vote on Tuesday
next unless his name is on the Registry list. To-morrow
(Thursday) is the last day a voter's name can be added
to the list. In order to be registered on that day, the
voter, whether native or foreign born, MUST APPEAR IN
PERSON before the Board. If the voter was born outside
of the United States, he must produce his naturalization
papers.
MASSACHUSETTS REPURLICANS AND THE
PRESIDENT.
Mr Charles W. Slack of The Boston (om
monwealth, and the editor of The Boston Traveller, were
members of the Committee on Resolutions which re
ported the platform of the Massachusetts Republican
Btate Convention, The following extracts relate to ac
tion in committee on the resolution of approval of the
Administration of Gen. Grant
From The CommomoealiA.
Prof. Chadbourne, the Chairman, read a very
excellent resolution indorsing the results of Gen, Grant's
administration. Gen, Botler had privately submitted a
series, embodying the leading ns of State policy fore
shadowed in his speeches, and embracing one not only
indorsing the Administration, but renominating Gen.
Grant. Mr, Yor higton of Roxbury moved to substi
tute this resolve for the Chairman’s. It was answered
that the latter was cordial and judicious; that it opened
no controverted foesuoy; that, while all the Comittee
believed and wished the President's renomination, it
Wis unnceessary to say so, as it would seem to make an
issue with Senator Bumner, whom Massachusetts held in
grateful appreciation; and that, in short, 1t were wise to
avold catises of irritation on the part of any Republican,
So the Chairman's resolution was preferred, Mossi,
Worthington of Boston, Goodwin of Lowell, and Wright
of Lawrence, being those who insisted on accepting Gon.
Butler's.
i From The Ros‘on Traveller Butler), 5
Has it indeed come to this, that a committee
of twelve or fifteen gentlemen, selected ag representative
men of the Republican party, and all in fuvor of renom
inating Gen, Grant, are oA to &ay 80 because it would
displeans Senator Sumner! We had supposed that the
Convention met to carry out the wishes of the party, and
to express the opinions of the constituents who sent
delegates to that budy, and this intimation that it heel.
tated to do #0 to gratify any one wan, however eminent,
is not creditable to its members, nor does it augur well
for the future of the party when it places men of no more
buckbone in its places of honor, The Republicans of the
country will renominate und reélect President Graht,
even though it may prove “a cause of irritation”
to Senator Sumner, and as he allows no friend of his to
be a frirnd of the President,” there will soon be drawn
a line of separation between the adberents of the Sen
ntor and the supporters of the Administration, Repub
licans will soon have an opportunity to say under which
buuncer they will serve, and Mr. Sumner will have no
adherents except those who are willing to go out of the
Republican party to fupport him. Much as this division
may be regretied, it is fuevitable, and the men who, from
tear that somebody will be offended, fail to express thor
beef aud thelr desires, will gain uelther honor nor
friendship by their hesitation.
From The Springfield Repullican,
Whew! So we are to be split in two, are
we, by an “Inevitable division,” and to have ‘an i
tunity to say under which bauner” wo will served It i:
well we know it from sich an infallible source, and we
hope Mr. Slack will choose Lis banner Tit away, and
stick to it. As for the bulk of the Massachusetts Repub:
Licans, who have stood by Senator Sumner ever since the
party was ealled by that name, we fancy they will con
tinue to do <o without much regard to what may be
threatened by Butler or any of his partisans.
rr
ADDRESS OF THE DEMOCRATIC EXECUTIVE
COMMITTEE.
The Central Democratic Executive Commit
tee of North Carolina have issued an address. The doe
ument recounts the changes which the Democrats are
desirous of making in the State Constitution, and sav
agrely denounces the Republican party. Inregard to the
method of amending the Constitution, they say
The majority against the proposed call for a Conven
tion, though comparatively meager, settles adversely
the proposition to amend the Constitution by a Couven
tion of the people, however proper and desirable that
method of amendment Jay be. It settles it, because
the radical members of the Legislature, at the hebest of
their party, unanimously refused to vote for the call of
a Convention of the people by the Legislature, Such a
call cannot be raade without the votes of at least a few
of them, and they and thelr party thus assume the
KTAvVe responsibility of Breyshiing the people from
amending and reforming their organic law. The only re
maining method of amURding the Constitution is by le
gislative enactment. Although the Constitution operates
oppreasively in any respects, and some of its provisions
preclude all hope of general Prosperity while they con
tinue in force, yet it is manifestly the duty of every good
citizen to seek relief from such evils by the legislative
mode, however slow and unsatisfactory, in the preseut
eclergency, it may be. We venture to hope that the
members of they Legislature, when the assewbie, at once
agree upon this plan of relief, and we resp ctiully sug
gest that, in the meantime, the people give prompt and
free expression of their wishes as to such amendments as
they desire, so that the Legislature may be informed of
the popular will, as well as may be, in reference to con
stitutional reform,
What is said of the finances of the State is not very in
telligible. The Republicans are accused of ruining the
credit of the State, and an amendment to the Counstitu
tion is Qewanded to facilitate the repudiation of the
State debt. In their own words, Section 6 of Article 1
should be co amended as to strike out all thercof that
provides the inciolability of the public debt.”
THE KU-KLUX.
The Committee handle the Ku-Klux in pre
cisely the same way that the rural Democratic press
handle Tamipany
We deem it worth while to notice in this address that
wicked and interested persons—nnprineipled aud violent
Radical partisans in and out of this State—for sinister
purposes, have sought to produce the false impression
that the Democratic-Conservative party bave and do
connive at and encourage the perpetration of crime and
outrage. To tha detestable eud they have, wherever
they could, prostitnted the Fress, legislative and ju
dicfal procecdings, and resorted to every means within
their power, such fmpatation fs not only groundless,
false, and scandalous, but infamous to the last de
gree, and betrays a fpirit of wickedness, we
venture to assert, without a parallel In political
warfare. The party which we represent ul
wavs and persistently condemned erime, by whomsoever
perpetrated, and bas repeatedly gone out of the usnal
olftical course to denounce it, and urge upon the people
the high importance of peace and good order, and
the duty of every good citizen to be active and zealous in
bringing offenders to justice.
The course pursued by the unworthy Ry¥ione to whom
we refer is deeply to be deplored by all good men of
every political parey. It 18 not only jgnoble but it tends
to destroy the moral and legitimate effect of the voice of
tie press, legislative action and judicial determina
tion for the suppression of crime—their constant
effort 1s to torn such matters to political
advantage by giving them a political turn,and thus Quy
produce the almost mmevitable conviction on the minds
of disinterested observers that the purpose of the press,
the Legislature, and courts, 18 not to suppross crime and
outrage, but to manufacture political capital and advan
tage from the crimes of offenders, and thus engender
bitter feelings among their opponents, destroy conf
dence in the courts, and bring them into disgrace and
contempt. We again Dra our friends to set their faces
against violence and lawlessness of all kinds, and to be
especially active in preventing secret outrages by dis
wre endl Tee PRONVIR
D a
The Pittsburgh Commercial, In commenting
on the action of the lute National Convention of Colored
Men at Columbia, 8. C,, in refusing to pass a resolution
committing the colored people of the United States to the
renomination of President Grant, says:
“This was an admirable decision, and contains sugges
tions which should not pass unheeded. No inconsidera
ble emburrassments have within the last year been
wrought by the untimely efforts of some to cowwit the
Republicau party to certain nominations, and the natural
opposition to wich a movemeut 80 far in advance of the
proper time for waking it gave rise. The present busi
ness of Republicans 1s to second the Administration in
its efforts to permanently secure to the country the
fruits of its measures of civil and political rehabilitation,
and in otherwise carrying out the expressed will of the
people; leaving the mati of the Presidential succession
to the developments and heeds of the future, and avold
ing every step which tends to weaken or disintegrate
the party.”
TO THE CLERGY OF THE UNITED BTATES
20 he ACH UF SARE AT RUIN
Sik: I would respectfully suggest that to
every congregation in this country at least one sermon,
be preached on the Babbath next preceding any popular
election, local or State, upon the privileges, responaibill”
ties, and duties of the possossor of the right to vote, en
forcing especially the duty of professing Christians to do
their best to exert a salutary influence in promoting the
nomination and election to public office of men of known
bigh moral character. T would also sugwest thed, in
order to invest the subject with the mpor
tance that belong to ee bo made on S50 oacasions
Part of the sefvice of prayer to _inveks the guidants bi
he Alminty spedinlly for all who possess the rig
vote, that they ny ghtly use 18. nm
This could rea y be soon permanently TV a
2 Alnifiean caso dhe to a and Tligons
en press country;
that, if approved, t copy t a sugoeatl with
comments. As 8 we sadly shig Ssudar d
of the duties of Americen citisenabip. X. UMBKA.
New-York. Oct. 81, 1871.

The opponents of the Union Cay and County
ticket recently nominated In Chicago, yesterday made
the following nominations Mayor—C, C. P. Holden
Judge of Buperiof ‘Court—Iré W. Buell; Clpoult Wt

NORTH CAROLINA.
PRACTICAL POLITICAL WISDOM.
POLITICAL NOTES.
Judge—Lambert Freer; City Treasurer—Chas, H. Ham
County Treamirer Mery Harms Otsy Attorney —P.
McHugh City Collector—W. J. Mahon Police Commis
sloper—Otto Herting S8enator—B. F. Munn. The noml
nees are mostly Republicans,
The Hon. Wm. C. Coon has been renomi
na r the Assembly b
County. y by the Democrats of Bchuyler
The Democrats of the XVIth Senate District
have nominated Col. Walter W. Price, instead of Col.
C. F, Norton, the present Senator, to whom the honor of
u defeat was tendered and declined with thanks.
The Cincinnati Enquirer, the leading organ of
the Democracy of Ohlo, and a representative of the un
compromising wing of that party, expresses its prefe
renee for the Hon, Thomas A. Beott of Penus ‘lvania as
a candidate for tho Presidency, y
LOCAL.
In the Xth Assembly District, Christopher
Flocke was nowinated, last night, by the Tammany Con
vention.
William L. Hubbell has received the Repub
lican nomination for Assembly in the Ist District of
Kings County.
In the IVth Asscmbly District the Custom
House party has indorsed Wm, McMahon, the candidate
of the Reform Democracy.
In the VIIIth Senatorial District the Union
Repunlicats have withdrawn Christian Bohwartz, and
indorsed the Retorm candidate, Daniel Tiemann,
Mayor Kalbfleisch has addressed a card to
the citizens of Brooklyn denying his rumored Intention
of withdrawing from the contest for the Mayoralty.
The German Republicans of the Ist Assembly
District have indorsed the State ticket headed by G. H,
Beribner, the County ticket headed by George O. Barrett,
and the nominations of lemuel Bangs for Senator and
Wm. L. Harding for Assembly.
A meeting held last evening, at the Germania
Assembly Rooms, under the auspices of tLe Seventeenth
Ward Council of Reform, was addressed Ps Augustus
W cissmaun, Nicholas 3. Conner, W. Hawes, Blxtus
Ch. Kapp, Jr., John A. Foley, anda others,
James Winterbottom was nominated for
Assembly In the Vth District, Yast evening, by the Union
Republican Association, at No. 242 Spring-st., Samuel
Na-h, President; and by the Custom-House Association,
at No. 195 Epring-st., John Ogeliree, President.
It is reported that an arrangement has been
made between the wings of the Republican party in tho
X Vth Assembly District by which Isaac Dayton with
draws, nnd George H. Mackey remains alone in the field
against Alexander Frear, aud William Wade becomes
the sole Republican candidate for Alderman.
The Executive Committee of the Union Re
publican General Committee met last evening at the
Fifth-ave. Headquarters, Sinclair Tousey in the chalr.
The business trunsacted was mainly in relation to the
securing of harmony of action in conjunction with the
Commitice ol Seventy, and Mr. Touscy, who paid several
visits during the evening to the sub-Comimittes on Blec
tious of the Committee of Seventy, reported that every
thing was working in a most satisfactory manner.
The Union Republican Convention of the
XX T1st Assembly District nominated Wm. A. Whitbéck
last evening iu place of James M. Boyd, who sent the
following letter of declination to the Chairman of the
Convention
Having been informed that Mr. Wm. A. Whitheek was last night
nominated by the Comm.ttee of Seveaty for member of Assembly of this
distriet, and be having received previous nominations frome all the various
organisations of reform, deem it my duty to decline the nomination
which Jour Couvention honored we w.th. But believing such action to
be in the interest of actaal reform, Jon will pardon me for suggesting that
in my judgment it would be both wise sad advantageoas for ihe Conven
tion whiea nominated me to indorse the nomioation of Mr. Whitbeck,
tius securing the desirable end of having bat one eandidate in the Celd
against Tammany Hall. Thacking the Convection for the honor eon
ferred upon we, am, very respec fully vours, James M. Burp,
THE CHICAGO BENEFIT AT WALLACK'5—MR.
FECHTER AS CLAUDE MELNOTTE.
The public attention is once more directed to
the very worthy effort which will be made at Wallack’s
Theater this afternoon in aid of the sufterers by the
Chicago fire, It will be made under unusually attractive
and hopeful circumstances. Mr. Lester Wallack, who
Las personally contributed to the Relief Fund, gives the
use of his theater; and the services of all persons con
nected therewith are volunteered. Mr, Fechter gener
ously adds his valuable cooperation and the strength of
Lis distinguished name, He will appear as Claude
Melnotte. The other characters in The Lady of Lyons”
will be presented by Mr. Gitbert, Mr. Ringgold, Mr. Rock
well, Mrs, Sefton, Miss Lizzie Price—ot the Arch-st. Thea
ter, Philadelphia—Mr. G. F. Browne, Mr. E. M. Holland,
Mr. H. Montgomery, Mr. W. J. Leonard, Miss Rowe, Mr,
J. Curran, Mr. J. Peck, and Mr. W. Quigley. Itisnot
necessary to urge either the excellence of the cause or
the brilllancy of the dramatic entertainment thus offered
to the consideration of the community,
Mr. Barnum made a brief speech at Harlem,
last Saturday night, on the occasion of the closing of his
Circus and Menagerie exhibition at that place, and made
a pubiic presentation of gold medals to Messrs. W. C,
Coup, and D. Costello, his business-manager aud eques
trian director. Mr. Barnum said
“Lanies asp Gesx1Lexgy: To-day closes this season of my travel
ing exiition Velen we wers here last Spring, you will remember,
everthing was nev and glittering; bat, like a great army, we have res
tir: ed with our fags and banners torn, bat bearing the marks of triumph
During the past vesson we have traveled all over New. England 2nd most
of this Ntate, and our tour thronghoot bas been characterized by a great
carn val apd a coptinuous ovation. Thousands on thousands have wit
pessed the exhibition daily, and 1 am graced to know that this, my last
and crowning effort 10 amuse aud instruct the million. has been daly
apprec ated by the poblie. This being oar last day, have concluded to
throw in Old Barnain himself as one of the curiosities of the great show.”
Mr. Barnum theu read the following
New-York, Oct, 27, 1971,
Reeeiyed from P. 7. Barnum, the sum of fifteen theusand dollars
(£15.00), in corsideration of weich hereby reliase him so far from
thin hori! as to permit him to*exhibit bis maseam, menagerie, hippo
drome. and ciccas in ihe Rink in this city, not to exceed sx weeks, com
neing on or abuat the 1th of November, 1871 Grorar Woon,”
Mr. J. Grau telegraphs from London the
jluportant announcement that he has engaged Anton
Rubinstein for a concert tour in America. Bince the
death of Tausig, Rubinstein is probably without dispute
the greatest living pianist, excelling as an execcutant
even Liszt himself, while as a composer he ranks with
the foremost of the modern school. We are not informed
of the time of his projected visit.
Carl Wolfsohn purposes giving, at the Phil
adelphia Academy of Music, this season, a series of
matinée performances of classical and miscellaneous
orchestral music, the first of which is announced for the
oth of November, He has brought from Europe several
important works, hitherto unknowu in Philadelphia, and
one or two, we believe, which are absolutely new to
America. By this enterprise he hopes to prepare the
way for the organization of a permanent orchestra oun
the plan of Theodore Thomaa's.
The production of “Don Giovanni,” next
Friday, will enable Mr. Strakosch to present his dramatic
prima donna, Madame Corani, in the part of Donna
Anna, while Miss Nilsson Piaye Zerlina. For Faust,”
this evening, we are promised a variety of new dresses
and properties, of which there {3 surely need. There Is
every indication that Nilsson's Margherita will be the
wlisation of the season.
THE BLACEKEMAILED BUILDERS.
tl
MEETING OF THE OMMITTEE OF BUILDERS—
UNWILLINGNESS TO INVESTIGATE THE
CHARGES AGAINST MACGREGOR—A RESOLUTE
MEMBER FORCES THE EMPLOYMENT OF
EXPERTS,
There was a full attendance of the Builders’
Committee at the office of the Department, No. 2 Fourth
ave., yesterday afternoon, Leander Buck in the chair.
There was considerable discussion concerning the letters
that passed between Messrs. Macgregor and BSchults, in
which the latter hinted at a disposition to blackmail on
the part of the former. The “whitewashing of the
previous meetings was resumed, though not so openly,
the builders appearing to have a wholesome dread of
Tie TRIBUNE and Matthew Burns, the only member of
the Committee who has shown any disposition to insti
tute a real investigation. Mr. Eidlitz said: We have
no charges against Mr. Macgregor. As to Mr. Schults,
he told us that he had no charges. We have done noth
ing against the law. When we bave had any business
with the Departmest, we have been treated Mike gentle
men. The Schultz matter should- be dropped, as it was
HE nt Mr Macgregor is as innocent as you all
eh io think, ne will be wiling to have al! his records
shown, He is interested, as well as ourselves, in having
this matter thorougy sifted. F'Il mot come here to be
called a whitewasber. 1 say there are charges brought
against the Department, if not Agnus Mr. Macgregor.
T. Burchell, for instance, has d that he hus Duid a
t deal of money 4 gogebody es get his plans Tough
o oowxts, though af the {meetin be trod to smooth
matter over. These records should all be examined.
1, for one, AID independent of all polrtics. I do not come
here to advocate use of pale brick, soft sand, and
gravel roofs. 1 want to have a good city built, of whieh
we 10aY Bo Deoud. If other men want to build trashy”
1 do not.
ee acunba—I also believe in our building a geod city,
wi) n't believe In squaring off at the afr. This is
ri Where are the charges! Mr. Burns offers to
bring to examine the books. 1 womid not give
five cents for bookkeeper who could uot fix his beoks
$0 as to coneesl frauds. This Committee wus appointed
to investigate oharges—not books.
Mr. Burns—When you speak of private talks with Mr.
Schultz, you must remember that I, as Chairman of thé
Committee for that Purpose, sent him an official notice
of our joisuged igi was not 3 Riivate matter, nor
is the letter private letter. It bribery is found any
iy it will be in private letters. I wanted Tostevin
and the other pom ts to be brought here becuse
they have chaos e. But there is evidence vm this
floor. The Burchells talked about bribery when they were
on the first Committee; let them and fs who were on
that Committee tell what they know.
The younxer Burchell here stated that his brother,
who made the phtaciiul churges, was not present.
Mr. Burns—Why were Tostevin, Marshall, Sexton, Gil
dersicove, and tuo pest who made charges, nol invited
Mr. Dacunha—They were not to be invited.
ME MACKEVKYS, SECorUlig to ETelem WBILh D6 adontpd
THE DRAMA-MUSIC.

MI SICAL, NOTES,
at a previous meeting, took the Sjportunity to read long,
irrelevant statements from a thick volume,
Mr. Burns—Mr, Schults is in the Committee of Beventy,
I want to kuow why be does not help us out in this mat
ter, if, as he once sald, he haa charges to make. Twill
come here with my bookkeeper, if others will come, and
stay a month, if necessary. If there are any permits to
erect poor buildings given here, we should know it, and
have the thing stopped. We must not take it for granted
that all Macgregor says is true. I bufld up to the law,
and never had uny trouble. 1 move that a Committee of
Builders visit those buildings that Macgregor Las sopsed,
and if he has let them go on he has done wiong. If itis
found also that buildings that were all right have been
stopped, that is another wrong.
Mr. Buck—Geutlemen, this 18 outside of the question.
Mr. McCool—We are wasting time. There arc no
charges. We have done our duty us mechanics and efti
zens. We must make a repori, sayiug that we lave
found nothing wronz.
Mr. Macgregor said that as he was the man accused,
and as there were no charges proved against him, he had
a right to speak, though he would make no defense ex
cept before a rightful tribunal. This coulercnce was
allowed by him as a favor, that he might show the buill
ers that he was doing his work arignt.
Mr. Dacunha—We should bring this to a close. The
charges were of criminal nature, but we find nothing
in them, Mr. Macgregor Las a trying pesition. Some
men that have been shoved out of his door should Lave
been thrown out of the window.
Mr. Burns moved that a committee of five he appointed
to hire experts, aud sift the whole matter to the botiom,
There was earnest opposition to this, and nobody would
second the motion, Mr, Burns said: It is very singular,
Sentletasa, that you will not second the motion. Wo
ave done nothing yet. If Macgregor ean show that
malicious men have maligned biw, 80 much the beller.
Is it possible that no one will second met
Mr. Eudlitz—I fl.sht no windmills,
After putting the Committee upon their honor by vari
ous tart speeches, Mr, Burns finally obtained the appoint
ment of a Committee consisting of hims=1f and Messrs
Buck and McCool, after which the General Committee
adjourned to meet at the call of the Chairman,
M. Théophile Gautier, the art critic, has
Joined tue editorial staff of the Gazelle de Paris, a journal
in the interest of the Napoleonic dynasty,
Mr. Samuel F. Butterworth, one of the
wealth'est and most prominentcitizens of San Franoisco,
recently arrived in Paris from sn cxteuded tour in Eo
rope.
Ephraim Effendi, one of the principal ofiicers
of the Turkish army, who has taken part in all the wars
of Turkey during tho past 50 years, 13 now in Paris on
important official business.
The ex-Emperor Napoleon's income is stated
by a German paper, to be $25,000 a ycar, which will be
increased to $80,000 by the Zrocesds of the property re
cently sold in Bpalin by the Empress.
Senator Richard Goodman of Lenox, Mass.,
and a leading man of the western part of that State, i8 in
Paris Visitage sister who has lived there for the last 20
Joats, and who, with her family, passed safely through
th sieges.
The Emperor William has conferred the
newly-founded cross of merit upon Baroness Charles de
Rothschild for meritorious services in tending tho slick
and wounded during the war. The insignia of the order
are sccompaniod by an autograph letter from Empress
Augusta.
Mr. Yung Wing, a Chinese gentleman, who
was educated in the Yale College, has been engaged to
take charge of 30 students to the United States, and the
Chinese Government has voted a grant of $1,600,000 to
meet all expenses for tue ensuing ten years, Toe num
Des of students will be yearly iucreased by installments
of 30.
At the request of the Prince de Joinville,”
says the French Official Journal, ‘the Duke de Pen
thievra, his son, who acquired in the regular routine the
grade of lieutenant in the navy of the United States, and
<erved with the same rank in that of Portugal, has been
authorized to embark provisionally in the vessels of the
French fleet, without puy or claim to promotion.”
The Hon. Galusha A. Grow, whose eminent
and faithful services in Congress are yet held in grate
ful remembrance, has been elected President of the
Houston snd Great Northern Railroad of Texas. This
road is owned by Messrs, Astor, Moses Taylor, W. E.
Dodge, Walter Phelps, aad a number of our other onter
prising capitaliste,
Mr. James Denison, for more than 40 years
the representative of The London Times on the Western
Cirenit, died recently. He usually managed the ex
presses of that journal in the west of England at a time
when railways and electric telegraphs were unknown
and many contests occurred tween him and Mr.
Charles Dickens, who then represented The Morning
Chronicle, to secure priority of information.
The Hartford Post, in copying from The
TRIBUNE an editorial on the cage of the murderer Wil
son, lately hung there, insists that he was lar as well as
murderer; and says: His complaints were heard and
inquired into; all proper facilities were afforded him for
his defense upon his trial, and, if any dependence can be
placed upon the statements of other convicts, there was
no sufficient ground for his sweeping charges that the
warden starved them or gave them stinking meat, or in
any other way ill-treated them, It is more reasonable to
suppose that ne murdered the warden trom a feeling of
revenge, the latter having once or twice defeated his
well-arranged plans of Susie during A Jrevious term of
imprisonment. As to the discipline and management of
the prison, we are decidedly of opinion that radical
changes are needed, and we agree with THE TRIBUNE
that itis a Very poor use to put a man to to hang him,
The case of Wilson, however, will hardly do to point that
moral with, for if there ever was a man whom soclety
was justitied In cutting off, he was one.”
THE WEATHER.
WAR DEPARTMENT,
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,
WASHINGTON, D. C., Oct, 31, 1871-7 p. m.
Synovsis for the pas! twenly-four hours.
The high barometer which existed Monday
afternoon on the Atlantic coast has fallen with easterly
winds and increasing cloudiness on the South Atlantic
and southerly winds on the Middle and Fast Atlantic
coast. The low barometer in Texas has woved north
east into Indiana with rorth-westerly winds and falling
temperature in the south-west, southerly winds and rain
fromm Arkansas to Ohio, north-easterly winds on Lake
Erie and brisk northerly winds on Lake Miehigav, The
barometer continues ig with clear weather in Minne
sta, The temperature has risen in the Middle and South
Atlantic, but is falling or stationary.
Probabililies.
The barometer will probably continue to fall on the
Atlantic Const, with south-westerly winds and cloudy
weather und rain on Wednesday from New-Epgland to
North Carolina, and rising barometer, with westerly
winds, on the Gulf Coast. The low pressure in Indiana
will probably move north-castward, with easterly winds
veering to the south and south-west on Lake Erie, and
north-easterly winds, backing to the north-west and west
on Lake Michigan; cloudy and rainy weather continue
on tne lower lakes, and clearing weather on Wednesday
succeed to the rain of to-night on the upper lakes.
Cautionary signals are ordered for Chicago, Milwaukes,
and Grand Haven, and continue this eveniug at Detroit,
Toledo. and Cleveland.
WITAT PIANO SHALL WE BUY?
This question is argued every day, since the
prospects for the musical season have opened so brightly,
and, iu fact, every lady is talking music. “Never buy a
cheap instrument if its quality of tone is sacrificed,”
said un old pianist. This ix good advice for all. Numer
ous pianos are elegaut enough in external form, but 1t is
only the {fustruments of a meager few makers, as we
happen to know, that are worthy of a place in the par
lors where the “soul of music dwells.” The pianos to
which our connoisseurs accord the most charms are those
of George Steck Co., in Fourteenth-st. These instru
ments possess a peeuliar sweet and sympathetic tone
and unusual singing power, the result of a late inveuw
tion patented by tnis finn. For thls reason one of their
grand pianos was selected, in preference to all others, as
the first price ut the great Saengerfest held in June last.
Throughout musical cireles this 1s Justly regarded as a
superlative Lrinmpli-ctbe greater and wore pointed be
eause nnsought. is voluntary Javiie indorsement is a
virtual acknowledgment that, in the opinion of the
thousands of cultivated singers and accomplished mu.
sicinns that caine here togetuer from various parts of
the Union, Messrs, George Steck Co, have won the
palm in the art of plano-making. We record this fact for
the benefit of our musical readers casting around for the
soto aasibner’s Monthly.
“HE STATE OF TRKADE.
SR
LATEST EUROPEAN MARKETS.
Loxpoy, Oct. J1—Evening.—Commos Rosin, 11/6@12/; Spirits Tar
peutine, 48 6add.
Liverpool, Oct. 31—Eresiog. —Commen Rosin, 10) @11/.
w. N. Oct. 31,—Spirits Tarpentine firm, at 62.
PRL ugh) 90 for Strained, Pry fo No. 1, $430 for No. 3
Crude Turpentige steady st $J 0 for Hand; $5 25 for Yellow Dip.
atl tar Virwin,
LALEST SHIP NEWS.
(For other Ship News see Second Page.)
ARRIVED.
Steamship Mima Thomas (Br.), Cram, Sidney, 0.8. 5 days, with ceal
te luteruational Coal and Railway Co.
Steamship Volauteer, Howe, Philadelphia, with mdse. to Lorllard
Btessnalilp Co.
Steamship San Praneisco, Revnolds, Bermuda, 3 days, with mdse. and
pass. to Wa. H, Webh,
Bark J. R. Hea (of Windsor, X. 8.), Graham, New-Haven, in ballast,
Brig Mary Stewart, Hodges, Port Johnson for Boston.
SCHOO RAS~—RITER AND QOASTW ISH.
Memento, Port Johnson. 8 8 Trier, Hisbelbyort.
Annie, Elizabethport. SB Lewis, Ellsabethpor:.
Nort, Jushetipot jamin) Shake, Elzabethport,
‘m, H. Bowen, fasbethpupe. vening Blisabetbport.
Sam B. Hart, Phildaelpbim. siralos, Machias.
Thos Jeflersen, Portchester. Davidson, Northport.
Marten, Torthport, Hay Kung, Northport.
8. Tyler, Hartford.
Glenwood, Horton's Point. Antelpe, om
W. C. Bee, Provill nce. Nelly BloomfeM, Stamford.
W 1 ND—Sanset, light, 8. W. cloudy and hazy off shore,
Seeamehips Holsatia, for Hambery La for Bevaglab Jomes AJ
i dger,
for wren Ellen 8. Terry, for Nowbern, N. C.; Niagara and Aa! P.
Clyde, for Nortolk.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Caamimsroy, 8. C., Oet. 31. —Arrived, seamabisd from
Naw York; Falcon, frum Baltimore i atk Ketone,
Arbagion Bestou; brig Moss Day sehr
pa Vigo, foe Now York; fot
Anais Torry, for Havre; brig Prinseton, for
FYORBIGN PORTS.
from
from

Clty of Brusesln
Gusmsmngwy, Qut, hd Bw, Ge
PL LSONA IL.
rr I.
WAR DEPARTMENT,
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
Capt. Kounedy., from New-York Oet. 21, for Liverpool, called bars at
pio a this morning.
5
_—
The achir, Mabel Hall was placed on tie dev dock at Ravgansh yester
day. Her stom was twiste’. and leak was found just below the Bute
live. There was 50 qther damages to the vessel. he cargo vas bad
Mus, Winstow's Foorning Syrup, for sl) dissases of chiliren, sus
As teething, wind cohe, ke. {3 a safe, reliable, and harmless remedy.
Long Winter Evenings! $20 Biase Tass! Pell ss
Cues and Balls! Quick Rabber Oughions Drisgram free!
AuBor Nicnowts, 50 Liberty st. New-York.
Dressing Canes of the Sent Goality.
Scuvvizn, Hanviny k Guaman,
19 Maiden ane and 23 John ot
Wedding and Visiting Cards, Initial Bumping Note Pwoon
Wa. Evewonii’s Boxe, 154 Pouron sr. ore, Ouse Lorca Cuonca.
ATTWFLI~BPENCER—On Wadneadar evening, Oct. 25, ot Second
Bapust Clarea, Sulield. Coun, br Kev, De dives, Hoary Attwell of
New-York to EMa bpeucer, canguter of Francis P. Loomis, oq, of
Sallield,
CURTIS ~WINTHROP—AL the Ameren Legation in Paris, on Setar
day, the Ith inst, by the Rev. George (4. Gardiner, M, A. of the Mas
bef Chapel, Horatio GrenneZ: Cunt sof Boston, Mass. 0 Asse
Neilson Winthrop, youngest daughter of Bea). RE. Winthrop of this
ety.
STREAT—STANSELL-In Brooklm, on Joaster, Oct. 31 by the Rev.
J. Hyatt South, George H. Strest to Mollie kk. Stansell, all of the
above place,
All Notices of Marriages must he mdorsed with full
name aun aaress
RCE VSIONIRTER
BT ERI RT
DARR—8addealy, Oct. 10, Mra Phebe A Folk, wiinof O. W. FP Dare
aged 32 year,
Funeral on ber late residence 51 South Ninth-st,, Williamsbargh, N.
Y., Thursday, Nov. 2, a4 2 o'clock p. wi.
FUPRNISS—0n Fandsr morn nz Oc. 29, at his residence, West One
I andredth-st., Bloominglale, Williaa P. Parnes
The friends of tLe family are regpestinlly inviced to attend the fanersd
at St. Michael's Charch, One-hun tredti-t. and Broadway 14 2.99
o clock, on Wednesday aloraoos, Nov, 1, withons fartier ia: itation
HICGINR—At Cranford, N. J, Oct. 31st, David 8. Higgs. ia the 63th
year of his age.

Fricuds are invited to attend the fareral at his residence, no Priday, Now,
3. at IZ o'clock. Trains leave (oot of Liberty-ab N.Y, at 10.90 a
JARVIS—On Tuesday, Oct. 31 Ilecry 800 of Wellington and Isabella
L. Jarns, in the 16th vear of his age
The relatives and triends of the famiiy are rempectiuile 1nvited Lo attend
the funeral from the residence of nis parents, 62 50. Feliz-«i., Brooklyn,
on Friday, Nov. 3, at o'clock p. m.
KIMBALL—At New -Rocheile, un Monday, Oct. 30, Mary Asn, wife of
Philander Kimball, aced 58 years.
Relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral from her late res
dence, this (Wednesiav) afternoon at 2 o'clock. Tran leaves Now
York and New-liaven depot at 11:30. Carriages as depot.
NACY-0u Tuesday, Oct. 31, Lavinia, daughter of tae late Charies B.
sey.
Relauves and friends of the family ars invited to attend the frmeral from
St. Ann's P. E. Church, Righteeutn-st., near Fif:h-ase on Toarsday,
Nov. 2, at 12m.
PEITOR=Suliodly, on Moutey morning, Oct, 0, 1875, Mrs. Margared
C. Peiton, wife of Richard Pelton. aged 40 years.
Remains will be taken to Warwick, Orauge Co, for interment, af
o'clock this morning.
SLOAT—Sudcenly, at Campaaw, N. J., Kate, wife of Joba J. Sloat, aged
27 years, 7 montus, and Lda
Faneral oa Friday, Nov. 3, at i m,. from the resilence of I, V, L. Vane
derool.
VAN RENSSZLAER~00 Sanday, Oct. 20, Fosior, wa of Frases Vas
Renssel er.
Relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral at St Paaly
Chapel, on Wednesday, at J p. m.

WHEELWRIGHT—In this city, on Oct. 31, Washington Wheelwright
in the 70th year of his age.
His relatives aad frends. and those of his brother, Be FP Wheelwright,
are iovited to attend the funeral from uis late nes, 24 Clarkes
st, on Tharsdar morning, ot 10 o'clock. The remaius will be takea ta
Woodlawn Cemetery for inierment,
Committee for the Relief of the Suffercrs by the
Chicago Conflagration.
Roous ov Tar Cuavngr or CouwErce,
No. 63 WiLLIAN-8T., Uctober LJ, 1¥TL
Persons desirons of subsenbing to this object may send their contnbes
tions to the Chamber of Commerce, No. 63 William-st., care of GEORGE
WILSON, Secrstary of the Chamber, between the hours of 10 a. m. and
3p. m., or to any member of the Committea. hecks to be made payable
to the order of A. A. LOW, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTRR:
JOHN C. GREEN, Chairmaa, 71 South-st.
GRORGE OPDYKE, Vice-Chairman, 25 Nassan-«t
A. A. LOW, Treasurer, 31 Burling-slip.
FRANK E. HOWE, Secretary, 88 Wall st.
Life Association of America.
OFFICE, 92 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK
CARDINAL PRINCIPLES: é
Bafety and fair return to policy-holders. Ecocomy and saergy ia man
agement. All profits equitably divided among policy-holders.
Policies non-forfeiting, fair surrender value guaraateed by charter.
Every State has one or more representatives in the General Board of
Directors, WILLIAM BARNES, Actuary.
Sg aa C. FP. Bukx us, Attoruey.
Len Perrins’ Sauce.
Pronounced by Connouweurs
“THE ONLY GOOD SAUCE.”
It improves appetite and igestion, and it is nunvaled ‘or its Saver.
We are directed by Messrs. PERRIN 10 prosecute all patios
pakiog or vending counterfeits
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, 1
8 AGENTS, Ni YORK,
Powt-Otfice Notice. The mals for Europe, during the week
ing SATURDAY, Nov. 4, 1371, will close at this ofice on Tueslay a4]
a.m, on Wednesday at 6 a. mi, on Thursday at 64 a. m., 30d on Satariay
stijam i P. H. JONES, Postmaster.
For Diamonds, Watches and Jewelry, go to GRO. GO.
ALLEN, 841 Broaiway. near Poursgenthst.
American Institute.—Yoa must see HARVESTER YOUNG
AMERICA. Come on Thursday sad Friday.

A Grand Ratification Meeting
of the GERVAN-AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF THB KIGHTH
SENATORIAL DISTRICT, te ratify the
AA AAA

UNITED REPORM COUNTY TICKET,
DAN. F. JIEMANN for Senator,
8. D. MOULTON for Assemblyman,
is to be held on THURSDAY, Nov. 2, at 8 o'clock p. m., in Tornoe Gar
den, and all German and American citiseas, without distinction of party,
Qupecially all true friends of ap are cordially invited 0 be pressar
The following eminent a will address the meeting
DAN. FP. TIEMANN, ADOLPH KESS1RR M.D,
8. D. MOULTON, HENRY CLAUSMKN,
wen. P. SIGEL, Ti{EO. GLAUBENSALER,
8. HIRSCH.
The Executive and Nomination Committee,
ApoLen KrssLgr. M. 1). Secretary. EMIL SAUER. Chairman.
HENRY CLACUSNEN, ANDR. WILLMANN,
CHRIS, SCHWARTZ, J. ROBINSON,
FERD. TRAUD, A HEIM,
FRITZ SCHAFFER, A. MICHELBACHER,
KE. 0. BERNKET, J. KLINKER.
Rally to Put Down Corruption
THE EXECUTIVR COMMIT FP. OF TAX-PAYERS AND CITIZENS
FOR THE FINANCIAL REFORM OP THR
CITY AND COUNTY OF NEW-YORK
call upon all good citizens to join them st the
GRAND MASS MEETING
to be held at the Cooper lnstitute on
THURSDAY EVENING, Nov. 2 at 3 o'clock,
to hear the Report of
THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY
AND TO RATIFY THE MUNICIPAL REFORM TICKRT.
The Meeting will be addressed by
Messrs. TILDEN, SEYMOUR,
LVARTS, KERNAN,
CHOATE, GOEPP,
KAUFMANN, SIGRL,
STEBBINS, DAVIS,
and other distinguished speakers.
“Grand Ratification of the Republican State soi Local Tekeid
The Republicans of the Eighth Seunator.al District, and all others who fay
a successful reform in our Nate and City Governments, are costed 0
meet on WEDNESDAY EVENING, November I, st a In thd
East-side Hall, corner of Third ave. and Eighty sixth-st.
COMAMITTER
WM. F. HARADON, OTIS T. HALL,
H. ROBINSON, JOHN A. RAGLRSON,
BENJAMIN PAGE, CYRUS T. PROST,T
JOHN COOPER, jr.
“Gen. James H. Wilson, Gen. W. NS, Hillyer, Col.
DE FOREST, Hon. WILLIAM A DARLING, will speak at the Bast
Side Hall, corner Eighty-sixth-st. and Third-ave.,, WEDNESDAY RVRN
ING, November 1. to ratify the Republican State, county, and losal tiake
ets, aud WILLIAM HAW, jr., for Senator of the Eighth Sesstorial
District. a an
Hon. George Hi. Yeaman, Col. Joel W. Mason. John R. Ras
sell, esq. Gen. P. H. Jones, and Dr Louis Naawmann, will speak at the
Grand Ratification meeting TO-NIGHT, Nov. 1, at East Side Hall, con
Eptraixtiont, and Thini-ave., to ratify the nomination of the Repuall
can State and County ticket, sad WILLIAM HAW, jr, for Senatee
Eighth Senatorial District,
A meeting of The Tax-Payers’ and Citizens’ Asma
ciation” of the Twelfth Ward will be held at HARLEM
HALL, One hundred-and-tweat--ffth-st., between Third and Fodrtb
aves, on WEDNESDAY EVENING. Nov. 1. at Th o'clock, to mil he
nominations of Hon. D. P. TIEMANN for SENATOR, sod W. A. W
BECK, esq.. for ASSEMBLY. The following speakers will address the
fobuting: Col. Dexter A. Hawkins, 8, E. Church. Gen. H. B Tremaia,
K. Luther Ham ltou, Harvey Sheldon, Charles HM. Kitchell, and Col. Gea.
P. Webster. MUSIC BY THE BAND.
Wu. Locxwoop, Bee’y. LB BROWN, C's Ex. Com.
BHon. George H. Yeaman, Gen. G Be and
Bon. George He Grund Rasitestion TO NIGHT
Bast Side Hall, cor. Eightr-sixth-st. aad Third-ave, for w
HAW, jr. Senator Righth Distries. ________
Fifth Sepatorial District,
Eighth, Ninth, Fifteenth, and Sizteath Warde.
FOR SENATOR.
MICHAKL NORTON.
weventh Seaaterial District.
BIGHTEENTH, TWUNTIETH, AND TWENTY-FIRST WARDS.
UNIOK BRPUBLICAN NOMINATION
FOR SENATOR,
CHRISTOPHER PULLMAN.
en
Regular Hepablican Nomination
VIIth Senatorial
(Twelfth, Nineteenth. aad Twaaty-secend Wind).
Por Senator
N WILLIAM a
ere
wi Ww. je.
TT itepubiioan sod Hefars
RATIO OMBLY.
a yr Nomination.
(Union oS aim
tib Asesmab’y District,
ON v ‘he
loan AD rw Nomina NTP ay w——
—U opablionft 80% FTLSON.
cami ping Wovens sod Rotors ores Candidate io tai
mad Gomplele stock of Poi Gove
roe X Tilit Os. b Dusk a
Py [ery
EL ae Tn rl AR we A EEE UE ee Be
[SABTER.
Perfectly Safe In all ases

MARRIED
DIED.
Special Notices
Political Notices