Chiin Spp.
New Fa*lnnd New* Mnanmury.
BOSTON AND VHUNITY.
H. O. Houghton, the publisher, has accepted
the “retrenchment and reform” nomination tor
mayor of Cambridge.
lion. Z. L. Raymond has resigned his position
ns president of the alliance, on account of ill
health, and President Minoris selected to suc
ceed him.
George Vandenhoff, who,has been plaving nt
the Cl<>l»e in Boston, was naturalized, being of
English birth, at Boston, some years ago, ami
was admitted to the bar in that city.
There are new dghtv-six sailing vessels on the
way to Boston from Europe and the East Indies,
against fifty-six for the same time last year.
The total value of foreign goods entered at the
custom house from Jan. 1 to Nov. -I was
329,061, which shows an increase of $12,5811,295
over the same period in IK7O, a larger gain than
has been witnessed for many years.
The following are the total receipts oi grain
al Boston from Jan. Ito Nov. 20, 1871: Flour,
1 ..*<62,290 barrels and 6527 half barrels; corn,
3,272,604 bushels; oats, 2,836,691 bu-hels;
wheat, 475,882 bushels; shorts, 1,218,226 hu>h
els; rye,8*2,966 bushels; barley, 848,001 bushels;
rye flour, 1395 barrels; corn meal, 52,243 bar
rels; oat meal, 1240 barrels.
The woman suffrage bazar in Boston will
open at Music hall on Thursday, December 141 h,
and will continue until Friday evening, the 224
proximo. The fair will be preceded by three
evening entertainments at Music hall, on the
10th, 11th and 12th of December, the funds from
which will be devoted to the objects of the ba
zar. These entertainments consist of readings
by Prof. Churchill, Mrs. L W Foss, and Mr.
George B. Ford; a lecture by Rev. Mr. Murray,
on “Woman Suffrage,” and a congratulatory
meeting, at whieh addresses will be made by
leading friends of the cause, interspersed with
music.
Mr. Richard T. Greener, formerly of Boston,
and tlie first colored graduate from Harvard
college, has been appointed as successor to the
late Prol. O. V. Catto, principal of the male de
partment of the institute for colored youth in
Philadelphia. Prol. Catto was murdered in the
street during the reign of the kuklux mob at
the late elect ion in (hat city.
Gen. Benham asks congress for an appropria
tion oi $150,000 for a vigorous prosecution of
the work on Fort Warren, in Boston harbor,
during the next fiscal year, in accordance with
recently approved modified plans. The general
also asks*s7s,ooo for the Long Island buttery,
$75,000 for Fort Winthrop and $50,000 lor Foil
independence.
.1. A. Hanson, recently arrested in Boston for
forging John J. Clarke’s, his father-in-law’s,
name, is sixty wars old, and has a wife and six
children. Mr. Clarke has sometimes endorsed
bm iad<;ih<l it is <ai<| that the Inruuth wvre
so expertly done that no one but Clarke can tell
whieh are genuine. One rumor makes the
amount ol the lot series $75,000, and there is mi
doubt that Hanson has been operating in this
way for man? years, although until lately he
has been able to meet the notes when they wcic
due. He is now in jail for lack of $20,000 bail.
Joseph G Coggswell of Cambridge, a venera
ble scholar and formerly a professor in Haivard
college, died at. Cambridge on Sunday. Hr was
I oni at Ipswich in 1786, graduated at Harvard
in 1806, was first tutor and then professor in
that college, visited Europe, and, after his re
turn, was associated with George Bancroft in
the management of the then famous Round Hill
school at Northampton. But Mr.Coggswell has
probably been more widely known of lat years
from his connection with the Astor library in
New York, which achieved its character and
success mainly through his ability ami industry.
The Boston lieraid has the following: Mr. R.
11. Kemp, proprietor of the boot and shoe store
No. 794 Washington street, is the owner of a
cat that is about as sagacious ami intellectuara
telinc as is generally found by the kitchen stove,
in the back yard, on the house top, the rear
alley or astride the fence. The afoiesaid ani
mal bears the cognomen of Benny, and is so
Y/ise that whenever the hand on the clock dial
points near the breakfast hour, the time for the
noon-day meal, or the moment for supper,
should any of the attaches of the store partly
open the money drawer and ejaculate “meat,”
Benny will “not stand upon the order of his
going, but go at once with Tanptin strides lor
the money till, and with extended paw will
gently n move a five cent nickle, quietly insert
it in Benjamin’s mouth, ami then hie himself
quickly forth for Ilie nearest butcher’s shop and
I hen* invest in whatever liis appetite craves. If
that isn’t wi.-dom and sagacity, what is it?
The Boston ommonweaitli tells as follows
why J. Q. Adams wasn’t re-elected to the legis
lature ftom Quincy: “Being in the apothecary
store ol a faithful adherent, just la-fore cite
tion, the latter, in the freedom of political
friendship, suggested that some of the towns
men objected to Hie free ways of their candidate
in gunning, fishing, yachting, etc., on Sunday.
‘Perhaps you share in their objection, doctor?'
bluntly asked the young statesman, who had
counted the improbability of ‘ever occupying
any considerable public office,’as his letter to
Mrs. Stone indicated. 'W hy, yes, I think 1 do,
somewhat,’ said the delilicrate dispenser of
pills and potions. ‘Then they can go to
(a place his friends all their lives had l>ecn try
ing to avoid,) and you with them, for all I
card' answered the scion of a great house. The
invitation was heralded abroad, but his fellow
democrats declined the disposition suggested.
They went to the town hall instead; and gal
lant Jack Adams wasn’t representative any
more."
In the United States court, at Boston, on the.
28th, James Tetlow, of Chelsea, was brought
iHdoic Judge Lowell on a writ of habeas corpus.
Un the 6th of January, 1868, he was arrested on
a suit bearing date jd May 25th of the same
war, brought by the I nited States to recover
$2(1,000 said to haw been overpaid him for work
on gunboats for the navy. Bail was furnished
and he has been at large upon it, the suit never
having reached trial, until about two weeks
ago, when his bail surrendered him, and he was
put in the Charles street jail. On the 17th iust.
Commissioner Hallett, after a full examination
of the ease, decided tliat Tetlow could properly
lake the poor debtor’s oath, and also the oath
in regard to not departing from the state, ami
thus be released, but by request of District At
torney Dabney, who claimed that such oaths
could not be taken by a person sued by the
United States, lie declined to administer them,
ami the hearing ol yesterday occurred. The de
cision ol the court was reserved.
At Boston, the gentlemen—members of the
city government—upon whom devolve the duty
oi making airaugements for the reception of
Duke Alexis, are busy in perfecting a pro
gramme for the entertainment of the illustrious
visitor, in furtherance of the general desire to
accord the representative of the Russian empire
a reception worthy of the metropolis, whose
affiliations in trade and otherwrise are as close
as those ot any American oth< r city. Aiderman
Jenkins of the reception committee, accompanied
by Mr. Bugbee, clerk of committee, waited upon
his excellency, Gov. Ckdlin, ami discussed the
question of calling out the military to perli rm
escort duty. The committee met with a cordial
reception from the governor, who is expected to
direct the issue of orders for a parade ol the
Lancers and perhaps other cavalry bodies lopei
form escort duty to the duke upon his arrival in
this city.
MIDDLESEY COUNTY.
Frederick Ayer, Esq., of Lowell, chairman of
the board of health, has, it is understood, deter
mined not to allow the use of his name ami can
didate for mayor at thccommg election, his phy
sical condition not being adequate, as he feels,
to the dunes of the office. His name was quite
prominently mentioned for the positon. Mayor
Charles A. Stolt, the republican nominee last
year, is now Hie most likely to succeed to the
m. yoralty, though ex-Mayor Peabody is pushed
by some.
The Western Union telegraph office in Lowell
is receiving a long-needed improvement in its
accommodations, fifteen feet extension being
added and an entire change in its internal a£
commodations. Mr. 11. W. BricketL, for thirteen
years engaged as its operator and manager, has
associated with him Dan. W. Cowderv from Man
chester, as an assistant. On Monday night Mr.
Briekett p friends gave him a surprise visit on
the thirteenth anniversary of his marriage.
The new iron bridge at Pawtucket Falls, con
necting Lowell and Dracut, was tested on Satur
day and gave complete satisfaction. The de
flection was hardly a quarter of an inch with
about twenty-four tons’ weight on the centre
beam. '1 he bridge is in two spans of 140 feet
each,with a road wav twentv-four Ret in the clear
and with six feet sidewalks on each side. The
bridge is Udieved to be one of the best in the
country. The cost was $36,000, and is to be
paid equally by Lowell and Dracut.
KRISTOL COUNTY.
A young man named John Shay, eighteen
years of age, who was employed at the Pm<mis
ka mills, New Bedford, was instantly killed
Tuesday morning by a falling picceof timber
The republicans of Fall River on Momlav eve
ning nominated Samuel W. Brown lor mavor
Augustus B Leonard for clerk of rhe police
court, and the following school committee-
Azariah S. Tripp, Dr. J. M. Aldrich and Miss
Susie H. Wixon, for three years each, and Mrs.
Robert Adams for the unexpired term ol one
year.
Rev. Dr. Pollard of Taunton is certainly “a
prophet who is not without honors in his own
country. In addition to a call from South
Boston, be has lieen approached bv representa
tiyes from nupuitam >o -ieties in’ Lowell mid
W oreesler,desiruig him to consider propositions
to settle in each ol those citii-
new Mend mi u FaH |r
Monday, began weaving cloth, m.d i t i s ..v.„’
that by tile el of the week n will h,v< Ire I
more loom, m operation. n hlv
eißht ami nine months same Imildiim om uio
wi re actively liesnn. ami in that short lime im.
mill lm~ lieen limit and the wearin of cloth
accomplished. I lie new pan eonmmsew looms
and about 31 .WO spindles, and Ilie old p in print
loom- amt between 53,11011 and 51,0 w spiudFe.
making the whole mill contain just Ilion u on/
and M. 500 spindles
The tali chimney of the Potonmska mills is
finished, and the staging is lieing taken down
The roof is to lie the best in the city, it will be
coven-d with plank, planed, and matched with
tongue ami groove; then three coatings of felt,
cement, iwu more thickm>scs of felt, cement
again, and tar and gravel on rhe lop. The foun
dations of the engine and Imiler houses, picker
houM-, Hoi room ami r. pail shop, the last three
hl one bmldmc, are completed, and the floor
timbers in imnitlou.
loV? f Mr M. Draper in
Nollh Alt chore was burned on Satuulav m-du
Loss utsmi Sluou whir uo insurance. I lie siaide
was o* eupied bv AR Dotting, who had all in
turauee on Ins dock of 83«oo, through a Prov
deuce agent. Jhe horses ami carriages, together
with most of the blankets etc., were
saved, the chief loss of Sir. Darling being on
|tay aud grain, will) which hr bad ju.i uo
the barn for the winter. A meeting was called
last evening to discuss the question of the pur
chase of a lire engine. This makes $125,000
loss in Attleboro by fire within the past fifteen
months.
HAMPDEN COUNTY.
John M. Stebbins has accepted a citizens’
nomination for mayor of Springfield.
HAMPSHIRE COUNTY.
The Northampton Gazette favors the election
of lion. 11. G. Knight of Easthampton to fill
the vacancy in the ninth congressional district
caused by the election of W. D. Washburn as
governor. The Gazette says that no man in the
district can poll a larger vote than Mr. Knight,
and that lie would make an excellent congress
man.
MAINE.
Mr. and Mrs. William Small of Portland cele
brated their golden wedding on Saturday.
Isaiah Smith in Waterboro was shot in an af
fray on Saturday, by one Luther Smith, who
was arrested at Alfred ami committed to jail.
Ihe lion. Frederic Robie has been chosen
managing director of the Portland ami Roches
ter railroad.
Lewiston dedicates ils new Lyceum hall, on
its completion in December, by a grand masical
concert, assisted by some talent from out of the
state.
Thu Portland Press says: “The anticipation
that some busybody would propose to invite
Alexis to Portland has not yet been realized.
Our people justly believe tliat two or three
thousand dollars would be too much to pay for
such a luxury as the mere opportunity of gaz
ing on the stout young Muscovite. The money
tan much better be expended by the board of
manufactures.’’
The Lewiston Journal commenting on Mr.
A inton's speech in the Cumberland county tem
perance convention, declares once more its faith
in the efficacy of the plan by whieh it is pro
posed to impose upon sheriffs the duty of en
forcing the criminal law—the law against rum
selling among Hie rest. Another Maine paper
says: “Temperance men throughout the state
seem to he coming to the conclusion that this
plan is more practicable and is likely to lie quite
as use! til as a stat: police.’’
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
New Ipswich had a grape festival last week
to raise funds to aid in the support of preaching.
Poultry is selling for eight and ten cents a
pound at olehrook, and dull at that price.
A new passenger depot is being built at Plais
tow on the Boston and Maine railroad.
On the 28.1 a new mail car was put upon the
Portsmouth, Great Falls and Conway railroad.
S. H. Dow is putting in the foundation for a
new saw-mill at Canaan.
John Murray of Great Falls broke his leg last
week, while getting a barrel of lime down
stairs.
The wife of Samuel W. Sanders of Laconia
•lied suddenly on the 21st, of neuralgia, having
been ill but two hours.
All the men who fell from the staging at the
new mill in Meredith, on the 28d, are doing
well, with good pro spec Is of recovery.
On the 24th, in Keene, Benj. Burpee, a freight
conductor, had a hand and aim badly jammed
in shackling cars.
On the 25th, in Newbury, John Connor, fore
man of a gravel pit on the railroad, had h’s
lelt band badly jammed and skinned in coup-
Jonathan Bachelder, of Loudon, who is eighty
two years old ami has been blind eight years,
fell on his kitchen floor a few days since, and
broke his left thigh.
Ihe common council of Concord has passed
the bill appropriating $20,000 lor the purpose ol
bringing water from Long Pond to supply the
city, with an amendment submitting it to a
majority vote of the people, the voting to be by
wards.
Mrs. Deliorah Powers of Lansingburg, N. Y.,
a native of Hebron, has given to that town a
>I6OO state bond, to form a perpetual fund,
whose interest is to be expended by the select
men. The first object she stipulates to which
the interest shall be devoted to is keeping in or
der the two cemeteries in Hebron. If not
needed lor tins purpose, the selectmen may use
their discretion in devoting it to repairs on the
church or to increasing the library given by
Airs. Powers to the town some fifteen years
since.
1 he catalogue of Dartmouth college, recently
issued, shows the entire number of instructors
connected with the institution in all its depart
ments to be thirty-five, twenty-three of whom
belong to the college proper. The students num
byr lour hundred; of these two hundred and
eighty-two belong to the academical depart
ment, sixty-three to the scientific, forty to the
medical, twelve to the agricultural, and three to
the school ot engineering. There are one bun
dled ami six scholarships of *IOOO each in the
academical department. Fifty-eight of these are
founded by private individuals.
1 lie Lebanon Free Press, one of the fairest
ami best republican papers in the state, briefly
and sensibly discusses the presidential question
as follows:—“There is not to-dav half the op
position to Grant, ami not half as hard things
are said ol him, as of Lincoln during the win
ter immediately preceding his second re-elec
tion. edo not regard the elections as settling
the renoniination of Grant. It is too easy to do
that. Still we regard that nomination as prob
able, and his election, if nominated, as certain
as am future event can well be. Asai present
advised, we would lather trust Grant than any
new man, and would vote for him to-dav in
preference to any man in the country."
VERMONT.
ows are sold at auction in Orleans county at
from $lO to S2B per head.
.1. Brown ol Lowell has taken in this season
bet ween 10,(100 ami 12,000 bushels of potatoes.
Owen Donegan of Troy has sold SI2OO worth
of apples from his orchard the present year.
Dr. A. P. Brown of Charlestown was thrown
from his wagon a few days since and seriously
injured.
Sonic thirteen sheep belonging to H. Wilson,
E><l., North I'roy, were badly bitten by dogs re
cently. Several will die.
Ihe butter market at St. Albans was not very
lively this week, and prices are about the same
as last week.
1 he following “higliflver” item is from the
Bosion Journal: “Hi" Simmonds of Highgate
seven feet high. Barnum has unsuccessfully
trial to higher him.
It is reported that last Saturday a Rutland
’i 1 ’h*mt and a Boston “drummer" had some
•hfheulty about a bill of goods, terminating in a
set to, m whieh the former got whipped and
the latter got fined.
A year ago a well-to-dr>fanner in Coventry
signed i ii pa ent right swindle, and now parties
Mid-llebury ask him to pay them the sum of
$250.
A two-year old son of Lorenzo Grandey of
barton Lundinn was severely scalded on Satur
day oi last week, by tiirniuir a tea kettle of boil
my; water on to his face and stomach.
A five dollar bill, carefully pasted on prepared
paper, which was in one of the thoroughly roast
ed hicago safes, has been returned to the Iras
ourg national bank of Orleans for redemption.
It looks as H it had been “tried bv fire.”
Windsor county is excited on the subject of
gol 1 mining. An island has been formed at
one point in the bed of White river, bv the year
ly wash of mud brought down from the hill
sides lor miles by the rapid stream. It contains
about fifteen acres, and has for years been cul
tivated and used as a pasture. Last summer a
man named Saltree, well educated in mining
ami metalurgy, got his eye on that island; and
having made what investigations he desired,
leased it of the present owner for a small sum,
SSO lor the first year, and SIOO a year thereafter,
with some privileges and additions. Before
long it was noised abroad that Mr. Saltree was
rinding gold in paying proportions, and he was
not long w.tbout plenty of offers for rights to
dig—the owner of the land himself paying SSOO
lor one. Mr. Saltree does not intend to dig
himsclt, but to let out the whole territory in
small tracts; and probably as soon assuring
comes, the island will be all worked over. The
soil is a black sand, in which grains of gold of
more or less fineness can be seen with the
naked eye. Several dollar-; a day cau be made
i»v any one “panning” the surface dirt any
where on the island, and it is believed that the
dirt will grow richer, as greater depth is reached.
CONNECTICUT.
A Hartfor.l man drinks nearly a keg of la»vr
bier daily.
The Courant thinks the street department of
Hartlord the worst managed in the Union.
Ilic Humphrey house, New Britain, is closed,
as the proprietor did not pay the rent.
The Connecticut temperance union will hold
ns annual meeting in Hartlord, in January.
Ihe receipts of the Theodore Thomas concert
In New Haven, Monday night, were SISOO.
The corner stone of the new Masonic temple,
in New Haven, will probably be laid Thanks
giving day.
“I rol.” Patsev Shepard, the pugilist, was ar
rt sted in New Haven, Sunday, for keeping open
his sahNHi on that day.
ol Payne, proprietor of the Beach house,
Hoi k, New Haven, has exchanged that
hotel tor the Scoville house, Waterburv.
A son of Major C. If. Goodricli of Hartford
'•upped ami tell while coming out of Colt’s arm-
v J l 11 n, id broke both his wrists.
..fn p w h l{e is ter has a pumpkin in its
.lb. i weiglimg 12, pounds. It j s j n olx j er Bu)
k-nn, to ask d thm isn’t rather light weight for
even an editor ol a democratic sheet.
lln geui-nil hospital society of New Haven
was voted -lo,ot)0 two rears ago by the le,risla
lure, on condition that the same amount should
be loiitiibulcd horn other sources, of this lot
L'nt am" n ol ,o ’Piial have secured
T'-’-’W. I here are seventy patients now in the
Inwpital, and more hinds are greatly needed
I he New Haven chemical works at East Haven
was bin urd on Suiulay morning. The building
i> used to make sulphuric acid, and the fire
spread to all parts of the building almost in
stantly. h was too far from water for the flre
en jim s to be of any service, and was entirely
destroyed. I'be loss was estimated at $50,000
and only a small insurance, as it was a hazard
ous risk. $29,000 worth ul' lead used in mauu
facturmg was destroyed.
ol Bridgeport, a poor widow
wnh six ebik.i-en to support, was found dead in
her '.c. .Saturday morning. She had complained
ol toutliacbe and chills the night before, and the
v ,U 7 s 'erdict of death from
traunwn." C Wllnt 01 Prop** medical
RHODE ISLAND.
Senator Anthony, editor of the Providence
for™" fas re l ,ub 1
Jloimmeni square to IHaedtoue st rcS „n
smne doubt the neressity
'l' l .ompimy.of Woonsocket
eetttly Started maehim ry for ,he manufacture of
worsted yarn and last,ng, more being
rom England with a capacity of one bunded
L*Z ioT™ pre nt wi be
The Boston Transcript says: ‘‘TheTurkevwb
mliubiiuuis ot Kbode blaml are emigrating
§ntln Spn: Wumsfcr, Oursto Slonw Babcmbu 30,
a still-life procession, to make many thankful
for their appearance in Massachusetts and other
states.
The Providence committee of arrangements on
the water celebration for Thanksgiving day have
made out a programme that promises to be
sufficiently attractive to bring out a large
crowd of citizens. Among other details, the
marine corps of artillery will fire a salute of
thirteen guns when the water gate is opened,
and the bells of the several churches will ring
for ten minutes.
Under the caption “For England and St.
George," the Providence Journal savs: rhe
steamship Scotia takes out to England five
Rhode Island turkeys, hatched and grown in
the eastern portion of Coventry. Thev arc not
reckoned among live passengers, but they are,
nevertheless, of considerable importance in the
maritime manifest. Gen. Burnside is their
sponsor and protector for the vovage. To whose
tables these five turkeys are destined we do not
know. And it docs not matter. Queen Victoria
might be proud of either lordlv fowl as a ‘piece
de resistance,’ and even the lord mayor of Lou
don might laugh and grow fat over our Coven
try birds. Over the waste oi waters we con
gratulate the fortunate man whose hospitable
platter shall smoke with a turkey cock from
Rhode Island. Westerly shall do'him honor,
and Coventry shall stand up in his praise. Let
him eat as one under the royal prerogative, yet
enjoying the franchise of this western republic.’’
Jnsttrnno.
Holyoke mutual hire insuiT
ANCE CO., Salem, Mass.
Cath Fund Aim. 1, 18G9, Over $187,00U.
AUGUSTUS STORY. President.
THOMAS 11. JOHNSON, Secretary.
Insures Buildings, Merchandise. Household Furniture,
and personal property generally, as low as any -t.i< k oin
fany, and pays return dividends from 20 to 40 per cent on
he premiums received.
All losses promptly adjusted and paid.
8. A. HOWLAND. Agent,
_ Office 10 Pearl st.
Worcester. Aug. 1. C 24 deodtf
TA T E M I T UAL
LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY.
OF WORCESTER, MAHS.
ISAAC DAVIS. President
CLARENDON HARRIS, Secretary,
Accumulated Fund 81,035.007 «4.
Losses Paid 4158,G.»0 00.
Dividends Paid 402,000 00.
CHARTERED IK 11.
Principles: Cash'ld all business—Cake In the selec
tion of risks—Prudence in investing the premiums—
Economy in management—Anni al Dividends of sur
plus—Contribution plan of distribution—All Policies
Non FORE F.ITABLK under the law ot Massachusetts—A
ull Equivalent to the Polict-holdeks for even
dollar paid to the Company. The Company having no
stockholders to make a protit out of the business, the
entire assets and all the aceruiny surplus belong to
policy Holders alone.
1 te widows and orphans of the insured are not
quired to take any part of the insurance, when it
comes a ciaim. in the premium notes of the deceased.
The Interest Alone received on the lincsled Funds
ol the Company in the last ten years has paid all lh<>
losses by death during that period and thirlv-tlve (35)
percent, us all other expenses. What other Lin Com
pany lan show as good a record
GOOD RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED. Liberal
terms will be offered It o the right min. Apply to the
‘Supt. of Agencies,'' at the office of the Company.
98 Hloin st. deoDtt ap2l
BAY STATE FIRE INSURANCE
COMPANY OF WORCESTER MASS.
OHice 1159 Main St., over Citizens ICank.
Chartered in 1860. Capital pa’d in....>104,800 no
Cash Assets 200,000 00
Insures Buildings, Merchandise, Manufactories, and
Personal Property generally.
Directors—Stephen Salisbury, F. II Dewey, Lewis
Barnard, F. H. Kinnlcutt, Geo. W. Richardson. Isaac
Davis, Josiah H. Clarke. Chas. B. Pratt, Win. s. Davis,
Samuel Woodward, Samuel A. Porter of Worcester; Jacob
Edwards, Jr., Boston; A. C. Mayhew. Milford; C.
Stevens, Clinton; J. M. C. Armsby. Worceser; Isaac
Prouty, Spencer; Geo. C. Davis, Northboro'.
WM. S DAVIS, President.
U. C. Crosby. Jr., Secretary. deodtt mil
Only SSOOO at Risk at Chicago.
QIIM V Mt TUAL
Fire Insurance Company.
OF QUINCY.|
CASH FUND, $450,000.
DIVIDENDS, 50 PER CENT.
Worcester Ottice No. Pearl Mt.
N. A. HOWI.ANn, Agent.
ag dS.M&Wtf
mas
PEOPLE’S
Fire Ins. Co.,
OF WORCESTER.
Capital, $400,000.
Insures Buildings, Merchandise, and Personal Property
generally, on as favorable terms as any sound and well
conducted Stock or Mutual Company. The Ursi class of
Dwelling Houses and their attachments, Farm Buitdingi
and their contents, insured for one or live years.
Buildings in process o erection, or repair, insured for
any lime desired, on reasonable terms. Louses equitably
adjusted and promptly paid.
INSI R A Vd' PI.ACED TO AIN Y
AMOUNT IN TIIK MOST RESPONSI
BLE COMPANIES IN THE UNITFI*
STATES.
AUGUSTUS N. CURRIER. Secretary.
HENRY CHAPIN, President.
SAMUEL H. COLTON, Treasurer.
Directors.—Alex. IL Bullock. Joseph Boyden, F.. L.
Brigham, George A. Brown, Henry Chapin, Sam'l H.
Colton. Auu.N. Currier, Edward Earle, John Km
dill. John C. Mason. Philip L. Moen, Joseph Pratt, H.
N T ower. Wm. Workman, Jona. Warren.
nl dtf
Established in 1838.-p. young,
Dealer in Fancy Goods, Toys, ami Useful Articles
Umbrellas ami Parasols Repaired. Pinking in a num
ber of styles. Stamping tor Embroidery.
Agency of the French Dye House, of Boston. Goods
Bem to the Dye Honse, on Fridays.
P ease observe the sign of "The Variety Store." No. 22l
Ma n street, nearly opposite the Quinidgamund Bans
<Snnntf
A MONTH easily made with
stenail and Key-Gheck Dies. Secure t ir
cular and Samples, free. S. M. SPENDER,
mvM WSm Brattleboro’. Vi
DOB SALE AT THE LOW ESI’ PltK ES,
New Scriptural Commentary,
Critical and Explanatory,
OX THLOLII A NEW TESTAMENTS,
BY JAMIESON. FAUBBET BROWN.
Said to be the best ami cln api-st In the English lan
l?oS’ 1,1 C,ol, only 7 50; ,I;uf Turkey Morocco,
Appleton's New American Cyclopedia.
Charles Sumner's Works.
Hacket’s Smith’s Bible Dictionary; also, an abridged
edition for $5.00.
The Library of Poetry and Song, with an introduction
by Wm. Cullen Bryant The New Edition roniain-16
fine engravings, an t is douhtle.-s the best selection ever
published.
Brockett’s History of the Great War between France
and Germany, price $2.50.
Dr. Warren's Household Physic an, (New edition,) and
other valuable works.
Will sell beautiful Family Bibles exceedingly cheap,
and furnish nearly any book that mav be desired, and at
the lowest prices Satisfaction given on all sales, or
money refunded.
N B—Will sell first-class Paper and Envelopes at
about half price; and Woodruff's Superior Violine Ink
at 75 cis. a quart, and Black Ink al scts. a bottle,
AGENTS WANTED, and large inducements given.
Please call at No. 17 Pleasant st.
C. A. SKIANHK,
ntt d 49 General a. nt
fjIHESTA T E F A I R
FOR
“Our Dumb Animals,”
IN Alp OF THE
Massachusetts Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals,
WILL BB MELD AT
HOimU LTI lilL HALL, lio.lon,
»er. 5 to IG, 1911.
A Committee of 1060 nadic-M, representing near'v
every Town in Hie Sta‘e, have charge oi the Fair.
in a Idilion to the uaial Fancy an t Useful Goods Ihe
following articles are solicited
V<*K<‘tnbl<*M and Fruitw of all kinds.
MamitUctiiriMt Ooo«In of every <h -cEption.
Ilom«-Ma<le I'icklva and PreaerveN.
Ilome-Alntle Cake.
Feran and BK«»k«eM.
Wot-kN of Ai t.
Hooks, Flovvci't and Toy*.
Poultry, I'licrm, Ac.. Ac.
Forward goods ny Express or Freight, or semi to
either member of the Committee in each town
Direct and advise by mail,
FBANK B. FAY, Secretary,
b ‘.”>r ttir 40 Waahinuton St., Bouton.
dlt&w3t
{JOWLES’S PATENT
TREADLE POWER,
Adapted to all Kinds of Sewing Machines
Persons In want of Machines for family use or maim
facturing purposes are invited tocah ams-c,. this labor
saving invention, it saves one-half the lal»or 11 cannot
turn the wrong way. It has no dead centres’ and can be
rtoDped instantly. It places the machine un.kr the De
sect control ot the operator by the u«e of the
The injurious effects resulting From the co is Vut ns "oi
the Sewing Machines an- entirely obviated v 'the f
this TREADLE POWER. It cJn I J’S’f, "X
on all kind.- of machines at our Salesroom, 110,1
No. 252 Washington St.,
next door to Jordan, Marsh Co.’s. Agents wanted.
nIO v|2w 1111.1., BOIaMBS a
yy ES L E Y A N A ('A D M B 1
WILBKABAM, MAMS.
An old and well established Seminarv for both sexes.
Winter Tena of 13 weeks commences Dec 6
roo, l l catalogue apply to
E. COOKE, Principal,
IHarbtoart, Atobes,
J? U KNACKS
WNK I.EK'H I'A.TKNT StTPKHIOB
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OR AB PORTABLE.
XT
A. RUSSELL CO.,
30 SOUTH KICI BOE NT., WORCESTER
Sole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and sat isfy yourselves that It is the best Hot
Air Furu u e in the market, having nearly double the
amount of heating surface, and a vapor pan so arranged
as to supply a pleasant and agreeable heat, free from dutt,
■moke and gas. as the many persons who have used them
tliv past winter will testily.
Also, a large and select stock Stoves, Tin. Iron, Copl
per and Glass ware.
Tin Rout!ll g, Pump Work and jobbing of all kinds at
tended to with neatness and dispatch
A RUSSELL <t CO.,
No. 36 Soiithbrldge St., Worcester,
mv!’ dtf
gs TABLI SH ED Fn 1.8 2 5
W. WHEIKI/FCR,
(Successor to Win, A. Wheeler,) manufheturer of
Machine, Railroad, Iron, llrase, and Conu
poaitlon
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROP HAMMERS
Aqueduct, Gas and Steam Pipe, Wire Machinery ar.d
Annealers, Water Wheels, Elevators, Clay Grinders,
Corn and Piaster Crackers, Hydrant', Stop
Cocks, Windo Weights, Ac.
Shafting. Mill Work ana Gearing. Forging, Pattern
Work and Ma. bine Jobbing done to order.
THOAIAM STREET,
mhll dtf Worcester. Mass.
R ON, 8 E L
The subscribers have constantly on hand a very larg;
assorlinvnt of IRON AND HTEEE ol alldescrip
lions. Also,
ANVILS, CHAINS,
VISES, NUTS.
BELLOWS. WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES, HORSE SHOES.
HAMMERS, HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES, RASPS,
SPRINGS, TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES,
BEACH SAND, Ac., Ac.
which will be sold at the lowest prices, at the oldstanp
WAMHINOTON SQUARE.
PRATT A INNMAN.
Worcester. April 1.1866. deoptf uui
®oal.
f]l W. WELLINGTON CO.
DEALEKS IN
Anthracite and Bituminous Coal,
by the Ton or Cargo.
Offices—No. I Post Office Building, and 110 Sotitlibridge
st. ards—Manchester st., and cor. Suiitlibridge and
Hammond sts.. Worcester. Masa. dtf mvl
C OAL!
LEHIGH COAL,
Be-l quality, all sizes, for sale by the ton or cargo, at the
Bouthuridge Sueet Coal Yard.
NT ICO N<4 A ROHERS.
WILKESBARRE
COAL,
For family use and steam purposes, for sale by
NTRONO .V ROGERS, 410 Main Ht.
SYDNEY&
CANNEL COAL,
For open grates—a new lot iust received by
STRUNO ROGERS.
Office 333 Main Street*
FIRE BUICKS,
FIRE CLAY,
FIRE SAND and KAOLIN, at wholesale and retail, by
STRONG A ROGERS,
1121 dtf 410 Main Street.
H. JOURDAN,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
ANTHRACITE ANO BITUMINOUS COAL.
Yard, Green Street, Office, 2 Lincoln Block, Worcester
Mass. <itf an2o
EPTEMBER 1 18 7 1
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Druggists,
I'KOI’KIETORS OF
Medical Hall, Estab. 1847.
430 Main St., cor. Pleasant,
DEALERS IN
Pure Ili ums
and all the PATENT MEDICINES in the market.
WINES AND LIQUORS for mcdiclnai use—all war
ranted PURE AND UNADULTERATED.
“A NIMIBEE PENNY IS BETTER
THAN A SLOW SIXPENCE.”
QriT' We respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
si dtf
ARN ESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
LANKD AND TTNIANED,
WOOL ROBES!
HORSE BLANKETS!
(IRd.VGLES and
WHIPS
A slock equal to any In the city, which we are selfing
at Low Prices, at
LAMSON, GLAZIER CO.S,
>i7 dtf 202, 2<M ami 206 MiUn st.
DOLLAR HEWARD SOAP —Washes
without rubbing; Removes Pitch, Tar. Paint,
Urease, Sweat and Leather Stains, de.; Washes with
Hot or Cold, Hard, Soft, or Salt Water; Saves Labor,
Time. Fuel. Clothes, and Money. Clothes washed with
M wear twice asking as if washed with common soap,
one pound of it will wash from ten to titteen dozen
nieces of ordinary family washing, it washes the finest
lace without injury, ami rentiers all articles as clear and
bright as new.
The Dollar Reward Soap!
Try it in the Bathroom: it leaves the skin cool, smooth
and soft. Use it to cleanse your Marble Ornaments,
Mantels. Door steps. «tc., and Brick Walks and Alleys.
Use it with scounng-hrick in cleansing iron or steel; It
saves half the labor, and gives a better appearance, it
makes lin Ware shine like new, and has no equal in
cleansing glass or china Dissolved in boiling water,
makes the best and cheapest .Soft Soap in the world-
For sale bv HOLDEN BROS., Worcester. <l3m
rar EL C II G R I FF 1 T H S
CELEBRATED
l saws
WOOEI SA WM,
I'KONM'LT NA WS, ol all descriptions,
Arc Superior to all Others.
Every SAW Warranted.
PEBFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
'TJP- For sale by Hardware and Country Dealers, and
‘.lie Manufacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
«7 <!Aw3m 115 .V 11? Federal Ml. Bn*«on.
The Rising Sun
STOVE' POLISH
TRADE MARK.
For Beauty of Polish, Saving of Labor,
Freenesa from Dust, Durability A Cheap*
ness,truly unrivaled In any Country.
Beware of Worthless Imitations, under other names
but resendding ours iu shape and color of Wrapper,
intended to deceive.
The Rising Sun Polish in bulk, for stove dealers
use at twelve cents per pound—twenty-five and fifty
pound boxes. “Cheaper than any other Bulk Polish
for nothing."
MORSE BROS., Propr’s.
CANTON, IfIASS.
WHITNEY’S NEATS Foor
HARNESS SOAP.
MTEAM REFINEO.
It Oils, Blacks, Polishes, and Soaps at
the same time. Put up in large and small
size boxes, also in 3 lb. bars. Has been In use for years,
ami gives perfect saUslhction. Send stamp for our
WAVERLY. Address G. F. WHITNEY &CO
u2O dßm dlwfini .7J Milk st.. Boston. Mass.
THE~
P i ®M' wilder and MARVINS'
IK I‘KOOF SAFES can Mill bo
■Mi lotiml at the Agwicy, No. 33 Pearl
St., opposite Post Office.
KA.IItHVI.AML
Hard and white pine TIMBEB
On band and Hawed to Dimensions.
HARD PINE PLANK. HARD PINE FLOORINB
and STEP BOARDS, orsaleby
STETSON A POPE
Wh ?r,L and Dock—First, corner of E street. Office N
Htate «t Boston dlr
PINE GARDFN MANURE ftf sale ut
ut3 2K g it,- JOEU
VW Utt
3}ligrcllnncous.
OREAT N RSI> S(I 1' p L lEIC
Vpat.Nov.7™lß7!. z Z
A «e»n>«.| suppli-.f, Fi.miUM.lh, BICK, I J
Amt InHrm, 1 artiM. riMingt and Clubt, pro,i!i<.l
L 1 P'ir<-M'Gne.L Liquor,, AlM.*—i
'i<T,nn.|,e>it tunny pli.eeinnuantitiwutOuellutur
r I more, by a new nnd novel mrthc<l
Monitor «-nt\
t freo on adilreu- X Ft
NEW HAVEN, CONN.
n 22 deop&w3m
By SAMUEL HATCH CO.,
Office No. ;i Morion Place, rear of 35 Milk S rcet, Boston.
Mortgagees sale of real and
PERSONAE ESTATE
Pursuant to the power of stile contained in a certain
mortgage <leed given by Edward S. /lullof A’etc York, in
the State ol Sew fork, to Alexander T. Stewart, of said
New lock, dated January Uth A D 1870, and recorded
m the Registry ot Deeds for the County ot Worcester, in
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Book 805, page
559. and on the records of the Town of Blackstone, in
said Commonwealth, will be sold at Public Auction, for
breach of the Condition of the said mortgage, on
Wednesday the thirteenth day of December next, at
twelve o'clock noon,on flu* premises, in said town
of Blackstone, all the following described Real and Per
sonal Estate to wit: All the real estate situate in the
village of .Millville town of Blackstone, County ot Wor
cester and Commonwealth ot Massachusetts, which was
mort gaged to raris Hill ami others b\ Welcome Farnum,
by deed dated December 23<l A D fB5l ami recorded in
the Worcester County Registry of Deeds, Book 482,
Page 593, excepting two small tracts of thirty-six square
rods each, severally conveyed by the said Farnum, prior
to said mortgage ny Deeds, severally recorded in the
Registry aforesaid Book 467. Page 407 and book 468
page 452 ant eicepting at>act of about twelve acres,
conveyed by Edward s. Hall to Daniel and Timothy
o Leary, by deed recorded in the Registry aforesaid
Book 657, Page 250. and excepting a lot of one hundred
and titty-: Ine square rods, conveyed by the said Hall to
Joseph McClellan, by deed recorded in said Registry,
Book 691. Page 467, and finally excepting a lot conveyed
by tlie said Hall to J. W Birchmore, by deed recorded in
said Registry Book 419. Page 620.
Also, all that Real Estate situate in Millville aforesaid,
near the above described, which was mortgaged to Ed
ward s Hall by Welcome Farnum by deed dated July
o"\ H'. recorded in the Registry aforesaid
Book 511. Page 400.
-•V'y-’itiothcr certain lot of land also situate in said
Millville containing about three acres and one hundred
and twelve rods, lying southwesterly of the old Black
stone Canal, ami bounded and descril>ed as follows
Beginning at the most easterly corner thereof bv the
old tow path ot said canal thence south twenty-three
and a half west, fourteen rods, nineteen links to land
now or l;«teof Dan Hill, thence by said Dan Hill's land
north,sixty five ami a half west twenty-six rotis, twenty
one links, to land now or late of Remington Southwick
thence south twenty-nine and three-quarters east, three
rods, six finks, ami north fourteen ami three-quartets
west two rods eighteen links, by said boutliwick’s land
to the road, and land now or late of one Cocker, thence
south sixty three, east four rods five links, north twenty
two an 1 a quarter east seven rods three links north
seventy-three west five rods. Iwo links to the road, the
three ia-t courses by said Cocker land thence north lour
ami a halt, west one rod eighteen links by the road
thence north twenty east fiwelve and a quart< r roils by
other land now or late of said Southwick to Hie tow
path ot said canal, thence by said tow-path south forty
nine, east eleven rods twenty-one links, south forty
eight and a h.Jf. east seven rods, ami soulh tbirtv-four,
west thirteen rods, nineteen links to the flist named
bound
Also, all those tracts, rights and privileges, described
in the deed ot George S. Built ns ami wife, to Edward S
Hall and others recorded in the Registry aforesaid Book
621 Page 314, exctpting therefrom the Buxton land so
called which was conveyed by said Hall to the town of
I xbrtdge by deed recorded In said Registry Hook 773
Page 267 ami also excepting a part of the Gifford land
conveyed to Dan Hill by Welcome Farnum, by deed
recorded in said Registry Book 412. Page 39i
Also, all the rights of flowage of lands in Uxbridge as
granted to said Edward S Hall and others, by Jonathan
b Southwick Mary Farnum, Lament Davis, and the
town ot I xbridge. See deeds recorded in said Registry
ot Deeds Book 631. Page 439, Book 646, Pages 257-258
Book 667. Page 576 ami Book 740 Page 267.
ADo, ah the buildingsrituate upon anv of the tracts of
land aforesaid, and all fixtures ami manufiicturing tools
ami machinery contained therein, or affixed thereto
The above described property is the Manu’acturing
Establishment owned by said Edward.S. Hall on the 24th
day of January A D. >B7O in the village of Millville
atorenamed, ami will be sold with all the buildings, nx
turcs. ami machinery, rights, privileges, and appurten
anees thereto belonging, including all the real estate of
whatsoever description, water power, rights <0 flowage
ami all rights,and easments to said Hall belonging, on tlie
said 24th day of January, 1870 and situate in the towns
ot Blackstone and Uxbridge in the Conntvof Worces
ter,aforesaid and all the fixtures ami machinery con
nected with and pertaining to said manufacturing estab
lishment, that are mentioned, described ami conveyed by
said EdwardH. Hall, by his said mortgage to said Alex‘-
amler 1’ Mewart. dated nml recorded as aforesaid.
November eighteenth 1871.
ALEXANDER T. STEWART Mortgagee
F or further information, apply to the Auctioneer.
120 J4sM
“THE LIVING AGE
Ins no equal in any coun«
tryy-Phila. Press.
So “It stands at the head of
nineteenth century litera
hire.” Uhicago Evening
Journal.
<4^lC periodical in
America,” Ret\ Theo. L.
1— Cvyler.
Littell’s Living Age,
lasiicl every Snlunlay. gives nriy-two nu liters of sixty
four pages each, or more than
Three Thousand Double-Column Octavo Pages of read
ing-matter yearly; and :s the only compilation that
presents, with a satisfactory completeness us well
as treshmss the be>t Es-ays. Reviews. Criticisms, Serial
ami Short Stories, Poetry. Scientific, Biographical. His
torical. and I oil Heal Information, from the entire bo<lv
tlm° ie gn criud,cal Literature, and from the pens of
ABEEST LIVING WRITERS.
It is therefore indispensable to every one who wishes to
keep pace with the events or intellectual progress of the
time, or to cultivate in himself or his family general In
telligence and literary taste.
Extracts from Noticea*
“Were I. in view of all the competitors that are now
in the hehl. to choose. I should certainly choose The
Living Age. —Her. Henry Ward biedier.
“In no other single publication can there be found so
much of sterling literary excellence.”— Sew York Eve
ning Pod.
rh X b st of our eclectic publications.”— The Na
tion, N. K
“The ablest e-says. the most entertaining stories, the
finest poetry of the English language, are here gathered
together. —lllinois State Journal.
“For thinking people, the best of all the eclectic pub
lications, and the cheapest. It is a monthly that
comes every week."-The Advance, Chicago.
“It gives to its readers more than three thousand
double-column octavo pages a year, of the most valuable,
instructive, and entertaining reading of the day. 'His
tory, biography, fiction, poetry, wit. science, politics
er In i>m, art.—what Is not here?' It is the only coin
pilot ion that presents with a satisfactory completeness
as well as freshness, the best literature of Hie almost in
numerable, and generally inaccessible, European quar
terlies. monthlies, and Weeklies,—a literature embracing
the productions ot Gie ablest andmost cultured writers
living. It is, then fore, indispensableUo every one who
desires a thorough compendium of all that Is admirable
and noteworthy mthe literary world.”— Boston Post.
Published weekly at a year,/ree of postage.
Address LITTELL Ar GAY, Roxton.
The Best Home and Foreign Literature at Club Prices.
[“Possessed of'Littell’s Living Age’ and of one or
other ol our vivacious American montlibes, a subscriber
will find himself in command of the whole situation
Philadelphia Er. Bulletin.}
For Ten Itopars, The Living Age. weekly, containing
the cream of foreign Periodical Literature, and either
one ot the leading Magazines of Home Literature named
below, will be sent to one addi css for one year, viz
Hakper’s Monthly (or Weekly, or Bazar,i The
Atlantic Monthly, Lippincott’s Monthly. The
Galaxy, Old and New, Scribner’s Monthly. The
GVEBLIND Monthly, or Appleton's Journal (week
ly); or, lor §8.50, The Living age and our Young
folks Address as above. dn23,d2<kl6 w 23
QHEAP FARMS! FREE HOMES!
ON THE LINE OF THE
Union Pacific Railroad
A LAND GRANT OF
12,000,000 .ACRES
OF THE
Best Farming and Mineral Lands
IN AMUR I<A
3.000.000 Acres of Choice Farming and Grazing Lands,
on tlie hneot the road, in the State of Nebraska, in the
Great I'lattc Valley, now tor sale, for cash or long credit.
I Bese lands are In a mild and heallhv climate, and for
Hm l UmtedSK‘?e< unsurpassed by any in
Prices Range from $3 to $lO pr acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
3.500,000 A<'RES of Government Land he
t'G'en Omaha and North Platte,open lor entry as Home
steads onij'.
Soldiers of tlie Late War
are ent it Ie I to a Free Homestead of 160 acres, within
Railroad limits, equal to a Direct Bounty of >4OO.
Semi for the new edition ol descriptive pamphlet, with
new maps, mailed free everywhere. Address
HA VIS, Land Commissioner
s 2 dltaw&w3m U. P. R. R. co .Omaha. Neb.
It. 11. EDDY,
Solicitor of Patents for Inventions. Trade Marks or
Designs, Xo. 76 State st., opposite Kilby st.,
Boston.
Jin Agency in the Cnited states possesses superior fa
ciMinjor ..bKnuma ralau, or asarKHiiin.i Un loitailu
bilitu of inrcnttuns.
All necessity of a journey to Washington to procure a
fnv l entoni tt,,t Breat ‘•elay there, are here saved
TeNtimonlals.
“1 regard Mr. Eddy as one ot the most capable and
rnte| tSh ui practitioners with whom 1 have had official
H-OU.ES MASON, Commissioner of Patents."
I Have no hesitation in assuring inventors that thev
cannot employ a man more competent and trustworthu
and more capable oi putting their applications in a form
ii‘ or .Vm?” linear, y an<l favorable consideration
at the Patent Office. EDMUND BURKE,
‘•Mr p ii i n i <’“'ninissioner of Patents."
Mr. h. H.Eddy has made forme over THIRTY an
having been successful hi almost
-i uu Suc l unmistakable proof of great talent amt
ability on his part, leads me to recommend all inventors
to apply to him to procure their patents, as they mav be
n U1,,8t •■“’•'"•I attention liestoWeiion
their case.-., and at very reasonable charges.
Boston Jan 1 IH7I 42twlv flu JOH N TAG(; ART.
NEW STEAM MARBLE AND
STONEWORKS,
Having introduced machinery Into our business we
are cons dem that, withour experience, niSISS
knowledge, and peiMmal attention, we are pkSed to
maiiiifaeture Building Fronts and Trimmings, Monti
hi VM “Jr 1 iavc S, "nes. Cliimney Pieces,
Biackct Whes, fable and Bureau 'fops. Sinks and
at H.p’h I’’ rk UKU,e lr Mur h“' and Slone,
at the low cst cash prices.
I hankiui tor past confidence and patronage, we solicit
aconimiiunc-eof the same. TATE IM A HORGAN
WESTWARD, HO! -Tickets for the
Ji. aH a,ld for»H points Mouth, on tb«
“•“'“•PPGK! ver, at the lowest rates. Apply to JONA
V d 1 i rt Bxprew Office, Crump
J* 18 B loo*. Mechanic street, where all information wH' I
bedlmerfullv ylvep I
pOMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU
,y/ K s l''TTS. Worcester, ss.—Probate Conn. —To
the Next ot Kin. Urcdilors. and al) other persons intcr
ested In the estate of HENRY' HuWE. late of shrews
bun-, in said county, deceased, intestate,Greeting:
l pon the petition of Amasa Howe, you are lien-bv
cited to appear ata Probate Court, tohe heldatWor
ceHter, in said county, on the first Tuesday of December
nne o’clock in the forenoon, to show
kii X'. ’JP wl,y a let,cr »‘hnlnißtratlon
said petH^oner 53 ‘leceasd, should not be granted to
liAuihiilddn 1 1 X®i ,,,oncr s ordered toserve thheitation,
hj publishing the same once a week, two weeks -ue-
W-MVCIV. the WmWM.T n V Spy
J A"' io te onl Jav
at least, before said Court, and to semi, or can-e t
n i t,a w riu, nor I'HnH'l '-opy of this notice, properly
naile.l, postag.- prepaid, to each of the heirs, .hose’s Jr
legatees of said estate, or their legal ivpresentfitives
Court n l 1 K ~o,* o n‘ r BCVC d»y<S at least, before said
Witness, Henry Chafin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this twenty first day oi November, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and si'ventv-one.
n» "I 1
DigSOLUTiON COPARTNERSHII’.
H a c °ck ceases to be a member of the
firm of J. 10DD A ('G.. on ami afler this date. All
persun aic lu’n h.y forbid making :m\ pavm.'iifs tofhe
said Babcock on account of debts due tlie copartnership.
Ilie Cofice and Spice business of the former <q»ai t
ner-hlp will he continued al lhe oldisiand. 171 Union st.,
under the same firm name as before dissolution.
Worcester, Nov. 15, 1871.
Thankfill for past favors, I camcß<ly solicit a continu
ance of them in the future. E. A. Babcock having with
drawn iiis interest, parties indebt cd to the firm of J. To.ld
A t’o., are requested to make payment to the subscriber.
111,1 <Hf ,i. TODD.
To THE HONORABLE SENATE aid
House of Representatives in General Court assem
bled.
The City of Worcester respectfully petitions that
authority may be granted to said citv to take ami hold
tortile purpose of a Public Park and for other public
uses, all that tract of land in said Worcester known as
the "Old Common," and boum’ed northerly by Front
street, easterly by the east side ot Salem sqi are', south
erly by Park street, ami westerly by Main street, or anv
portion of said tract now occupied or used for other pur
poses by any persons or corporations.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
iv v EDW’D EARLE, Mayor.
Worcester, Nov. 7. 1871.
Commonwealth of MaNNachuMetta.
Secretary’s Department, t
Boston, Nov. 13, 1871.
I approve the publication of the above petition in the
Worcester Dally Spy ami Worcester Evening Gazette.
"17 d4w OLIVER WARNEh’. SiTifiaiy.
pJOM MON WE A LTH ()F M Ass AC HU-
SETTS. Worcester, ss. Municipal Court ot the
City of Worcester. November 18th, 1871.
Bridget Curtis, Plaintiff.
Jeremiah Olney and Otis bislier, copartners, doing
business under tlie firm name of Olnev A Fisher, both
of the state of Connecticut. Defendants, and Lovell
Baker of Worcester. Trustee.
In an action of Contract for the recovery of Twenty
six 50-1(10 Dollars, as appears by the writ in this action.
And now it appearing to said Court that said Defend
ants, at the time of the service of tlie writ, were nut
inhabitants of or rest h nts in tills Commonwealth,
it is ordered that notice he given to said Defendants to
appear at a term of said Court to be holden at the City
Of Worcester aforesaid on Saturday, the twenh-thlrd
dayot December next, or their default will be recorded
and judgment rendered against them, and that said
notice be given by publishing an attested copy of this
onler, in the Worcester Dally spy a Newspaper printed
In W orcestcr in said County of Worcester, three weeks
successively, the last publication to be fourteen days
before the said 23<l day ot December, or by serving them
withan attested copy of this order, seven days before
the said 23d day of December.
t Attest: T. S. JOHNSON, Clerk
A Copy, Attest: T. S. JOHNso N, Cl< rk
_n22 (13-W
COMMONWEALTH OF M.\ssa(’lH
y/ SETTS-Worcester ss. Probate Court. To the
Heirs-at-law, next ot kin, and all other persons Interested
m the estate of BRIDGET HIGGINS, late ot Wor
cester, in said county, deceased
Upon the petition of John Higgins and Theodore F
Beauvais, you are hereby cited to appear at a Probate
Court, to be held at Worcester, in said county, on the
first iuesday of December next, at nine o’clock in the
forenoon, to show cause, if anv you have, why an In
strument purporting to be the last will and testament of
said deceased should not be approved.
Ami the said pet it loners are ordered to serve th Is citation
by publishing the same once a week, three weeks suc
cessively in the Worcester Daily spy, a newspaper
printed at Worcester, the last publication to be one day
at least, before said Court, and to send, or cause tube
sent a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, postage prepaid, to each ol the heirs, devisees, or
legatees oi said estate, or their legal representatives
Court" t 0 the P etitloner sevun days, at least, before said
Witness Henry ('hapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court.
this twcnty-tli rd ay of November, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-one
OF MASSAi ill
SETTS. Worcester, ss. Probate Court. To all
persons interested in the estate of ARNOLD TAFT l ite
of Mendon, in said county, deceased, intestate
Cpon tne petition of Martha W. Tafi, y ou a rc hereby
cited to appear at aProb.de Court to be held at Wor
cester, in said County, on the first Tuesday ot Decein
Her next, at nine o’clock in the forenoon, to show
cause why the report ol the commissioners assignin'’
dower in the lands ot a id deceased, to his widow, the
said Martha H 1 aft, should not lie accepted ami said
assignment confirmed, and also why the report of the
commissioners assigning an estate of homestead in the
a l“' saW deceased, to the said Martha
1 an, should not be accepted, and said assignment
confirmed.
And the said Martha W. Taft is ordered to serve this
citation by publishing the same once a week, three weeks
successively, in the Worcester Daily Spy, a newspaper
printed at Worcester, the last publication to be one
day, at least, before said court, and to send, or cause to
be sent, a written or printed copy of this notice, proper
ly mailed, postage prepaid, to each of the heirs, devisee
or legatees ol said estate, or their legal representatives
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, before said
Court.
Witne.-s, Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court
this twenty second day of November, in the year one
thousand eight hundred ami seventy-one.
CHAS. E. si EVESS, livglster
n 24 dn2<.27&e4
CURE FOR FEMALE WEAKNESS!—
Mmle from an Indian recipe; a certain cure without
supporters. Prepared and sold by Mrs. LINCS BEL< I 1
R. Randolph, Mass. Send stamp for circular.
Sold by JAMES GREEN CO., Druggists, 117 Main
st.. Worcester, and by ull Druggists.
_ dTu.Th«tS,tw3ni
ZjWS e ct
vlrai
A standard Preparation, endorsed by the most reliable
1 hyslcians, and its astonishing curative powers attested
by thousan Is who |»avc used it.
It is a sure, quick remedy for all diseases of the Urina
ry Organs existing in male or female. Irritation or In
fianunation of Kidneys or Bladder, Gravel. Diabetes
Reddish Sediment in Urine, Thick, Cloudy Urine, Mu
cous and Involuntary Discharges from Urethra. Helen
tion or Incontinence of Urine. Chronic Catarrh m Blad
der, and all Chronic Maladies of the I rino-Genital
Organs
For sale by all Lruggists and Dealers In Medicine
everywhere. dcop&wly h u
JJR. A. HILL,
52 Howard St., Boston, Mass.,
gives special attention to
DISEASES of the GENITAD ORGANS.
Dr. H.’s Female Periodical Compound sent by express
to any address. <n,f
INDIAN CANCER IHH’TKESS.
A 11. C POTTER, formerly of Boston, skillfully r<-
m<>yes( ancers, I mwis, ami all Secondary Formations
without the aid oi instruments, avoiding all painful
operations w ith the lance. She is prepared Io submit the
highest testimonials from all classes of citiz-ns. She
relies upon her cures, rather than upon any showy state
ment in print. Consultation free.
Residence. Linwood Place, Worcester.
Office hours 8 a.m. to 12 m.. and 2to 5 p.m. dim* n
QREENWOOD INSTITUTE
S IVliles from Boston,
OX THE ROSTOV AND MAINE R. R.
This institution is established for the reception and
treatment of patients suffering from disease or deian-c
---mentot the nervous system, caused bv cverlaxing the
brain, by too sedentary habits, or ihe exc<s-.ive or in
judicious use of alcoholic or narcotic stimulants
Ihe terms for board and treatment are from sls to S3O
a week, varying according to the accommodations re
quired tor the patients. In cases requiring extraordi
nm-care and attention, there will be a proportlouale
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed to me at Greenwood, Mass., or
at my office in Boston, will be immediately answered
Patients are expected to remain such length of time
as may be deemed necessary.
Payments will be required in advance.
Boston Office—Rooms No. 11 Tremont Temple. Offlo
hours—lo a. m. to 2 o clock p. m.
ALBER f DAY, M. D.,
Gntendent and Physician.
t.rvenwnod. Auf. 12,1871. deopftt old
J)K. GOTTLIEB FISCH’S BITTERS.
This preparation of the great Scientist, Dr
fa A Gottlieb Fi-ch, of Germany. Is based on the tot
that, as all materials ot the body are derived
K/xA from food, so all vital force, or health, is dei iveil
l ll ,orce s t«»red up in food.
DR. FISCH'S BITTERS
Ueaw enables (he system to liberate and appropriate
CTB these forces, creates appetite, cures dyspepsia,
MJlWkw’iih its resulting Debility and lackof Nenoin
Energy so tom s the stomach and Liver us to
make Uomtipation and Biliousness impossible; rein
forces the system so it can tide over bad results of chang
ing climate, water. Ac, and better endure the demands
often unexpectedly nimle on its forces and energy.
Ladies iu delicate health, aged persons, nml all emacl
ated amt weak alter sickness, will rapidly strengthen by
nsingthis
GREAT PREPARATION
Whoever uses this rente ly, has for his physician
a gifted scientist of Germany.
N. B. The above cut represents llie shape of the bottle.
au3l dltawiyr
ECEI VE D TH I S DA Y
AT
RICHMOND’S
CARRIAGE EXCHANGE,
No. 30 "Waldo Street,
(NEW NUMBER,)
A FINE STOCK
Late Style Carriages.
Hude to Order. avoiding and Slide Scat Shifting Ton
Carriage, in three different style bodies eor two
scuts, easily adjusted for two or four persons, light and
stylish. Also the celebrated
Ivers’ Hukliicm* and Pleasure Buggy,
trule lt< W,tl aild P aln t e d a »y color to suit the
Patent Adjustable Carriage Pole*. Hah
Express, Business and Concord Wagons.
CUSTOM MADE HARNESSES'. A general t ort
nteiil ot Second Hand Carriages. All goods waiiamed
to give satisiaetion, and sold at the Lowpq M iri io
Price, by —«rim
J?l» di f A. 14 HI <<||M N
Ipoll BOSTON VIA CHOTON
hi W 1,1 «“J BJ
Returning, leave Boston at «.25and 11 ain nd 4n m
,rOUBh tiiroukh wl&o«
I'M.ei.Krrr by thl. route land hi l|» Immediate vKlnll,
ofUtelaatant Bwluu Main,, and BoXn t,± .71
Dvuta; alauSlaarum for TorUaud. Bt John id'u,’|.
.v uw
Steamers.
E W FREI GH T LIN E
FROM
Worcester to Philadelphia,
BALTIMORE, WASHINGTON AND RICHMOND,
VIA
Norwich Line, and Camden N Amboy, Philadelphia,
U ilminuton A- Baltimore. Baltimore d- Ohio flail
roads, and Hichmond Ji }ork liner Lines.
Olh ring to Xhippersof Freight the QUICKEST DIB
A I CH and lowest insurance risks.
For Through Rales and Bills of Lading, apply to
W. 11. TURNER, A.seiit.
I’. ST M. ANDREWS, RiipU.
niv!3 lhl
pjiOVIDENGE, PHILADELPHIA AND
BALTIMORE
nemi*wf.i:krt.
WEDNESDAY AND SATI KDAYf
wh /.o I ’o 0 ol U,e Keystone Line will leave their
w n.u t at imiia f I rect, on Wednesdays and Saturdays, at 5
PhihLmini 7- w,vl Pj"a and Baltimore, making the time to
1 m..? p 1 a or lv 11, l to Baltimore fifty hours.
uJv .'T Prompt dispatch. Mark your freight
via. Keystone Line.
For through rates and further particulars apply to
J. E. BACON, Ag’t P. d; W. K. R
Worcester.
A. K. QUACKENBOBB,
vim vw£‘!V’ riu tlll S Worceater.
El GENE HIGGINS. Agent
OBA N D EXC UK S iTCn ’i
VIA
Great lluosac Tunnel Railroad Line.
On an.l aller Oils date Excursion Tickets will be Issued
from w iirn-sler Io Hoosae Tunnel. Norm Adams, Trot,
haratoga, Niagara Falls and return, at reduced rates.
tickets good for 6. 10. 20, and 30 days.
Also, Round Trip Tickets, good for 30 days, ami can
be used cither way. WORCESTER to WORCESTER,
L i l n Hoosac I unne 1 Troy, Saratoga, Niagara
v H hany, Hudson River day, and Troy and New
York night line ot Steamers to New York, Norwich and
W oicester steamboat Line to Worcester
These Tickets are fin sale al the Ticket Office W. <t N.
R. R., hosier -t Depot; also at the Office of the United
.States and Canada Express Co.
J. BARN ARD, Agent.
1 avengers leaving Worcester bv the 6.30 a. m. train
an ne in Saratoga at 6.35 p. m. also make close connec
tion with N.Y entrai Express at Troy for Buffalo and
Niagara Falls. 4 50 p. m.
Officeoftiie Line—69 Washington st.. Boston.
O. T. RUGGLES,
jyh ___ General Agent, Fitchburg. Mass.
whe
INMAN LINE
OF
Splendid and Powerful Mail Steamers
TO AND FROM
Liverpool and Queenstown.
For passage and information apply to M. S. CREAGH.
imager, at the Company's office, 102 State street, Bos
ton, or to m. a. I'oWER. 1« Green .-ircei. .lit G 2
jp O H NEW YD R K
XOUWH H LINK.
The STEAMBOAT EX PRESS PASSENGER TRAIK
W v Kl daily, (Sundays excepted), it
LuLi- n li’ r London, there connecting with steam
paiiy l *ie Norwich and New York Transport atiuu oir,
CITY OF BOSTON.
CITY OF SEW YORK.
CITY OF LAWRENCE, or
CITY OF NEW LONDOM
for New York.
TWO EXPRESS FKEIOII'T TRAIIVI
etch way daily (Sundays excepted), between
WORCESTER AND NEW LONDON.
Wo I RCFH^FK l !t x l 'minect steamer*, leaving
wOKt ESiERat 13.30 and 4.15 p. m. Freight by
New York the next morning!
unaxoidable accidents alone preventing. The facidti.-s*
therefore, for the rapid transit of freight are iinsiirpassedl
and the rates are always as low as by any other line.
F reight forwarded f rom New York South, via. Camden
and Amboy R. R., ami West via. Erie and i’enn. Centra.
K s H S nr <i y aUi ol ,cr roM te, as ordered, promptly.
hor further information inquire of W. 11. Tl'Rvr®
Agent. Worcester. p. St. M. ANDREWS. Sup’
mh?o
A N CHOB LINE STE AM EBS
X> 1 Sail
Every Wednesday and Satup.day to ami from
NEW YORK AND GLASGOW.
calling at Londonderry to hind Mails and Passengers,
r.! u iu" 1 o IIHS line are built expressly
fin the At lantic Passenger Tiade. and fitted up in every
lespect with all the modern improvements, calculated
sengers 1 e safet co,ufi)rl an l convenience of pas-
i I\\T??.7; Payab,e ,n Rrency.
IK,, GOL AND LON DONDERRY
p niTo T? L n 7s c, on| hig to location. Cabin
li’iierin..'Z-.i '3. best accommodations,
iiitenneaiaic s.t.f, steerage, S2B.
I’mties ending for their friemh in thenidCountrv
can purchase tickets at reduced rates. For further na?-
v' a l ,plv I 0 Henderson Bros., 7 Bowling Green,
New York, or to RICE .t WHITING.
_°z d'J* l W orcest er. M ass.
BOSTON it PHILADELPHIA
Steamship Line.
LEAVE EACH POET
Every Wednesday and Saturday
From Long Wharf, Boston, at 3 p. m.
From Pim- st. Whan, Philadelphia, at 10 a. m
insurance one-half the rate of sailing vessels
1 rlhc Ve8 I t b y l **e Pennsylvania Railroad, and
ae<it I,K 1 ne8 forwarJe d free of commission.
For freight or passage apply to
I,™ u, wulT E r SAMPSON, Agents.
c No. d>. Long Wharf. Boston.
I? O R NEW Y O K~K
via 1-RovroMci:,
“NEP TU N E LINE!”
rhe attention of shippers of freight to
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore
and all points
•OU T H AND WEST*
r hereby called to the superior facilities lor speedy
transportation afforded by the v 3
I*MOVlJ>Hnr<lE .V WOKI'ESTEK It. 11
Bild
FKOV. ar N. YOBKBTE.IMSIIU. ClO.'f
through their
EXPRESA freight
arrangement, by which merchandise leaving Worcester
exp r e u 8 trai ll °J er Pro'idence and Worcester
morning’ dellvered n New York ea rly the succeedirf
Shippers are advised tbai freighting facidiics by this
Line aie positively unexcelled, and rales always as low
yA®* l °o e u No obßt from Ice by thia Line!
Fr w a U*M?i O V T v by all routes
Way-bHled direct from Worcester to all points
ra,e aB from New York
NewVoJk w,t 1,0 ch W f r wharfage or cartage in
All goods for points South of New York, should be con!
B ver;New C Krk BAAC ODELL Pici 27 Nortl
For through bills of lading and full particulars anniv
to A E
Snreet, K. 11, Rockwell, Agent, Providence, or to A. C
Munroe General Agent 6 Brinley Hal!. Worcester.
J az du
F an iT ba L i l
ANn WASHINGTON, 1).
1 EAMSHIP LlNE.—Steam-diips of this
4 v‘. no SS I U ,rom cnf i of Central Wharf. Bos
tun. IIESDA\S amt SArt'RDAYS at 4 p m for
NOH FOLK and BALTIMORE r
Steamships:
WILLIAM KENNEDY, ('apt. Geo. II Hallett
Jofl-T? t 1 I S ,IWKENCE A Hallcll.’
McClellan, r m Howes
Frn^h^V E Winslow LovelumL
Freight forwarded from Norfolk to Petersburg and
Richmond by river or rail; and by the Virginia and Ten
nessee Air Line, to all points in Virginia, Tennessee, Ala
bama and Georgia ai.d oyer the Seaboard and Roanoke
Ranroad to al! points In North and South Carolina; by
the Baltimore i Ohio Railroad to Washington aud al
places West.
Through rates given to South and West
Fine Passenger accommodations.
Fare, including Berth and Meals; to Norfolk IP 50—
ma S AMPS«N, A Kent,
_ U B dtf M Central Wharf. Boston
I)A( 1 1* J MAIL S. S, ('().’S through line
s^im?rV‘lKve i^.o n, V' greaS^ucSi 6
ISTH AND 30’1’H,
previous? en t ICSe ,all 011 s “»'>»y-‘hcn thedav
wnh Montana' c a ?L Capl Jone connec l K
''epß'Dires connect at Panama with steamers for
01 k‘i‘ d Pacific ports. Departuiv
ot Isih touches al Kingston, Jamaica.
Fr» l ',e& toavlng San
one hundred pounds baggage allowed each adult
tendanc2frle? surgeon on oar Medicine and at
am.lv ov ‘*«r‘l>er Information.
R I\by Wharf, to F.
Block W.’.n-Kr o/? 1 I,OX WHEELER.2LincoIn
Blot k, w oicester; or to agents lor New Ensland.
L. BARfLETT CO.,
11,1 16 Broad >lree(. 80-icn.
7 UNA 11 11 LIN E
OF MAII.STBAMEBS
TO SAIL DIRECT FROM BOSTON
FOR
Queenstown and Liverpool.
st M AKI A Saturday, Dec. 2
AU-i-r The’day,
pa Lm Yiix::-::
Babin smi goM
Steerage S3U currency.
B St. hW arl< he wharf.Ba»t
IKOM NEW YORK
java 2 b
o„>y C.W M ge and
SingleTlclX CA alio fnw si n»TC*»i».
Kelnni lirk.l'- 'i w' u nßk Ttcket fluid.
ld Return Tkketr..||s|‘ Gold.
From
Boston or New York
p *»4 CURRENCY.
stahi!. gers booked to aU P arl of 1,10 New Englan
Brails issued for XI and upwards.
to,
lin dtf -Main and Pearl Sts.
ANU NASHUA R? k”
_ notice.
to?v ’I"' ,aHc r -'b Passenger Train will
leave Foster street station on Sunday at® A.u.forGro*
toi Junction and wa> stations. This t rain will connect
at Gioton Junction with train for Boston and intermedi
i«w.n* Rehburg Railroad; also with train tor
u? YJ iJfti 10 hilermediato stations on Stony
Biook and Boston A Lowell Railroads
c w». P, WU. T^ B Bu ?i I
.Uatlranbs.
E W RAI LitO AI» ROUTE
VIA
Framingham and Lowell Railroad.
On and after Monday. Oct. 16th, 1871, Four Passenger
Trains Daily each way. (Sundays excepted,) will die run
between So. Framlngliam ami Lowed, maUng sure con
nections at So. Framingham with Trains on B. A
LR. from Worcester, springfield, Albany.<md the Wet.
l as.-engers can leave Worcester, via B A A. R. R. at
700 a. m arrive in Lowell at 8.50 A. M.; at 9.25 a. m
arrive In Lowell at 11.40 a. m. at 1.40 p. m., arriveiii
Lovvell at 3.40 p m. at 320 and 350 p. m., arrive In
Lowed at 5.40 P. M.
•h'turnlng. Trains leave Lowell for Worcester and the
05 A M "in'eat Worc<-ter at 9.50 a.m.; at
.ri-H l ,r,ve a, "'"n'cster at 3.30 p. m. at 5.45 r.
ftritee at H or. ester at 10.30 p. m.
lint orHn 1 rdiu ls Checked through to all
B I i n’H n arrive at and depart from
■uJ r Ji lo fining tlie best
SnriniffieM lti r 2 e Lowell and Worcester,
Springfield, Albany, New York and the West.
F f I'l'fHSMlv H* A. BLOOD. Sup't, Fitchbutg.
gOSTON, BAI IRE i GABDNBB it. ii.
On ami after Monday, Nov. 27, Trains will h ai o Onr.i
n. r b.r Wurcwler aiul Motion- r,
ab'intSA. in t.w P
mor pa Jing
lit: il l:x i xi;—teavi- Wom.-.l< r nl ha. n I* -in 4.-,
anil b.M I-. 11li B ill 1iar,1,,,., tlh all Ira I’l';;,'
Ma.simliuwit.- Itwlmiui h> m” from
a inl. rin.ilia e Mal
an. ai Gmnb.b an.Ulroul'. Corner mil, trains nor li
and south from those paints
v PIHLLIPS, President
U -h i .i r. Xuv 24, I'7l. dtf
WORCESTER AND NASHUA BAIL
ROAD—On and alter Monday, Sept. 4.1«71 p
ger Trains win run as follows:
Leave Worcester at 6.30 ar.d 11.15 a m and 4.2 P. and 6 3
(Grotou Passenger), no.
Leave Groton Junction for Worcester at 5 a m
Leave Nashua at 7.10 a m. 12.00 in. and 5 00 p m
The 6..10 Train connects at Fitchburg with trains for tba
Vermont and Massaeimsetts. Cheshitc and Rutland ami
Burllngiu,; Hallroad., al Urulnn Junction uni,, iStT$
tin Kncbterg (down), roirrboro and Shirley Stono
Brook, and Lowell and Lawrence Kailr..a.h; and A
Nastina unit traina ot the Wlllon, Concord;Almi” cat,!
1 Montreal'
ruada 1 C*"*™ l, r “««mnP<w and Ogdensburg Ka.
rb’mreta al Fitchburg with Ch.
ge/lil la di tram (Freight and pa-.en
a al Groton Junction vim FiulD
“-“I. at j
/u 2O rn rA* l coHnects at Fitchbiire at 7 15 n m
mtv.remt. Northern Vennont Central Nitiht FYnrexa
Ogdenabnrg. and Montreal and Cbatn k l;,
_ c H TURNER Sup
PraSS®A*rX?mWW
Accommodation Trains will leave Worcester lor Tmv
denee and way atallona al 7.30 and 11.30 a m, 4.Wlnti
way on w
Prlv'dote?,™i'iteik"" l
(mail) train. f„„„ MimiT,’, m H
"iih trains to am; uor.i liuton. FitclihiirJ
Rutland, Saratoga Montreal. Nashua, l.ouell. Lawrence*
Concord, ami Ihe lute .Mountains; Springtlekl Albany
1 vl' '"K”, Fl,lie, and ponnaNorlb Lr W«i a y
poTnt™” 8 lkkcl alld Baggage Cteekod to all Important
SIMMS’
t> t. SOCIAL TRAINS.
te m
Leave Uxbridge for Worcester at 5.45 a in
S «o,ml ll'uC J?"' 61 .".I 1 "'“rccater and Providence at
w. n. HILTON. Snn't.
IS7I CHESHIRE
lows"™’; 30 P m ,or Wllu t ™don, Troy, Ke. nfami’illl*
MKaK" r SL I vlnl. OXO
w’o£ k
3^.»“? and d^lanceless.
•tS^r B t€ tnd lß,eCp ,,g ars ,or
K s 1 EW A KT. S(4t» t
VW R
“h^yh'L'tX’
'S^rt n rg i; ,rai
Fitchburg. Mass., Jmv 10, 1871. T uu Ll S
JJOSTON ALBANY RAILROAD
BOSTON AND WORCESTER DIVISION.
DAY S Nov R I3®?h NOEMENT com “enclng on MON
TRAINS leave Worcester:
e
»rn
|of»,’tK
and Brighton. alLOOm'id'« W |n m C 'pa£
SSnl'a. ve N te l -seven m'n£ arte?
*ll
SU..OH at
i kains leave uoston as ronows:
For Worcester at 5.00, 7 00. 8.30 ex n 9 exn am 1 qa
SKpli? “w™"
..fcp7J° ■WtfelW exp. am, B w eo
New York, via Norwich, 5.30 exp n m
Gratton. 7.0(1 a tn, 1.30, t.’so p m
Westboro 7.110 a m. 1.50. 130. .5.30 exp pm
Southvllle, 7.1t1i a tn. 1.30.4.30 pm. P P
Curdavtlle 7.00 am, 1.30,130 p m
Aahland, 7.00 am, 130. 4.30,5.6 exp. c M
a m.%*t B A«F "O 9» exp
exn..O 00 exu. 10 00 p m P cap., p.uo, s/o
Natick, 7.00,10 am. 1.30. 2.15. 4.0 b, 5 3 0, 6 w ia
Millbury 7.oti am, 4.30 pta.
-.Milford, 7.00. 8.30 exn Ur vn&m Oln
All outward trains nins <Luiy?,icept Sundf;? 0
Bunday Mall leaves Boston at a■« lJ
Newton, South Franni wtam V w
Held, Palmer and hS SS' y
5.30 am. C O 111 <uvr S.. 1 Y ,,k
J Mi o’ 'to Springheld.
A. FIRTH, Asa't Sup't, Boston.
WORCESTER AND SPRINGFIELD DIVISION
r Alba Way staHon.
p For SprlngUeld and Way Stations (1.3.5,9.00 am. and 4.4-
Leave Springfield tor Worcester at 2.(10. 7 15 11 ao r r
expre C s* P «.’3oa m‘ malV&Vm
York Genl Jal Tn?y 7mt Hndsm/' IB vS
n 0 KngßEl.t.’Suii.t. HurtiwaeH
Norwich and Worcester mvr
SION, I).. 11. an.! K.Rll .ISII DIM-
Jrl 1 o »OV7n, leave Worcester
«.Dslni. Way Pteeengar Irain. Connect, al Wrt
New ‘tetnSn KISJ lr
w.v r^sengerTrJn. “AnSet. al Wor
eeater with Iran,. i r ,nn Boston, N ill n-, in cl
essssjeb
U?t!»m ‘fr a,K ,larllunl :i olv in season tb?
Wen t r v l llg r ,r in wa -v Hiaiimis (except
Vn/it?’. 1 tl,an and Uanieisoiivdle) for New
train &Nnn“eb K W
O ltte S. tt 'S n w E ?P r< ‘"«yram lor New York
IJ.“tV Worcester with trains from Boston
F Eir M^l. che r owel1 Nasi'S,
nil u ni »n from Boston, Wal
pok, 1 lanklin and Bha kstone; leaves Norwub
for New London at 9.15 p ni.
12 in Ei ave Norwich at
B l Express irain for Boston, (dally
connecting at Putnam tor Bob
ton, Bl.ukstom Frank'inand Wali oie; at Wot
fa n togham, Lovell, Nashua
Com ord. Fitchburg, *c This train 'caves New
teS. 1-,s -«<i«
O.OOam. Way rMumgcr Train Connecting
Pla uOcld Junction lor Providence; at rmnam
for Bouton. arriving at 10.-jo at Wore
{“‘•JjoJ'torbprlumleld.ond waystations Albany
Worcester ur train. 4
11.80 am. Way Passenger Tram. Connecting at
Plainfield with train hom and tbr Provhlem
anntng at, Worcester J umdlon in season forirama
to Boston Providence, Springfield and Alba tyt
at Worcester tor tn ins to Boston. Nashua, Ac
«.45pm. Way PaaaengerTrain. Connect at Nor
r" lrain V. 0 London, and at Plain
field Junction with train to Providence; at Wot
cester with tiain for Boston.
«r WfUSTEK SPECIAL.
Leaves Webster for Worcester at O.«»O a m.
Leaves Worcester tor Webster al U.K.'S p in
aw Sl M. ANDREWS, Kiin’t.,
_ Norwich A Worcester Division.
VITCHBUJU; it WOROESTER R. K.
MO»DAY M m?v Commencing on
MONDAY. May 1.1871.-Passenger Trains for Worces-
I**?? EpcfaOurg, 3 a. m., 12. M and 5.5 ti p. m.
South Fdchinirg, 8.05 a. nt., 12.51 and 5.54 p. m.
Leominster, 8.12 a. m., 1 HO and 00 p. m.
Gates Cros-mg, 8 17 a. in., 1.07 and 5.07. p. m.
Pratt’s Junction. 8.28 a. m., 1.15 amt 6.15 p. m.
Sterling Center, 8 33 a. in., 1.20 and ii.2v p 7 m.
Passenger Trains for Fitchburg—
Leave Worcester, 0.30 and 11.15 a. m., and 4.20 p. m
Bter ing Junction, 7 07 and 11.57 a. m.. and 5.00 p. nt.
Sterling enter, 7.14 and 12.05 p. m., and 5.08 p. in.
Pratt s Junction 7.20 a. m.. and 12.14 and 5.16 p. m.
Gates Crossing, 7.25 a. m., 12.22 and 5.24 p. m.
Leominster. 7.30 a. m., 12.30 and 5 3u p. m.
South Fitchburg. 7.3 i a. tn., 12.39 and 5.37 n. m
ItAiLHOAh Connections.—The 630 and 1115 u m
420 p. m. trains from Worcester connect at I- itci.j,..,.®
with the Cheshire and Rutlnmt ami Burlington R it
all points north and west; also connect at Fif<.ni.J»J
with the Vermont ami Massachusetts R r for Gree iflJtX
and Biattkboro and internicdiate stations eenneld
Tue 8.00 a. m. and 12.50 p. m. tram from Fitchhnrt*
nectai. Worcester with Boston <t Worcester
A Wurvralvr. Norwich Worcester luiln 'J'T
Weutcru B. K. fur New York and the W«l
The 5.50 p. m. tram from Fitchburg connect. w„.
cester with Norwich Worcester St W
Mew York via. New London 1| a ULDnn’S^V* l
Office Fitchburg A Worcester K. r A WOOD 8u P u
Fitchburg, May jj 87It ''J