DAILY PRESS.
PORTLAND.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1871
Slate Aid to Railrondi.
We are compelled to differ from our able
contemporary, tbe Bangor Whig. In tbe fol
lowing paragraphs it will be seen that it frank
ly avows itself iavoiable to the general policy
of State aid to railroads, and that it demands
assistance in building the Aroostook and
Eastern roads to begin with. Lest we should
inadvertently misrepresent a journal for
which we entertain tbe highest respect, we I
quote its language at length;
In Dr. Loring's rather florid remarks at
Vanceboro’ on Thursday, there was one sen
timent appropriate to the occasion, wherein
he alluded to the grand results achieved in
Massachusetts by the liberal policy of the
State in encouraging the construction of rail
ways, and the occasion was oue where this
subject could be pertinently considered by
those gathered to celebrate an enterprise of
national importance, which owed its comple
tion in great part, to the assistance rendered
by the State. It is a matter of importance to
those who are to frame the legislation of this
progressive age, to inquire into the results of
the dissimilar policies of this and other States
upon questions affecting its material prosper
ity, and to see whether the modification of
some of the rules of other days is not de
manueu ny tne necessities and interests or uie
present time.
With reasonhbie qualifications we might
say that a railroad in any direction in any
part of the State, must prove advantageous
to the general interests, and we can say with
out qualification that a general State policy
whicli should encourage andpromote the con
struction of lines wherever the people are
willing to help to build them, would do more
iu teu years towards increasing the wealth ot
the State than all other agencies combined.
The importance of opening the fertile valleys
and rich resources ot the Aroostook is be
coming daily more distinctly visibl i, and the
great counties of Hancock and Washington
are at last awakening to the influences ot the
outside world, and demanding intercourse
with their neighbors. These instances in our
own section are prominent, because the dis
tricts affected are at present sparsely populated
and there are eases iu other portions of the
State where such enterprises would be fol
lowed with results beneficial to the people at
large. Aroostook waits only for a means of
access to attract a thriving population and
the people ot Eastern Maine are only debat
ing their ability to bear the expense ot the
line which they discover to be essential t*
their prosperi'y. If the State could aid either
of these sections iu opening railway commu
nication, no one can doubt that the common
wealth would be repaid abundantly by the re
sults which would follow, and in other cases
where the people are able to do less than bear
the wbole burden at the outset, the general
interests would be subserved iu promoting the
growth and development of a section.
Propositions of this nature must be in
stantly met eveu though we should incur the
unjust reproach of opposiug through jealousy
the iuterests of another part of the State.
We beg that the Whig will do us the justice
at the outset to believe that we oppose the
change in the policy of the State on general
grounds alone. We hold that whatever helps
Bangor, or Aroostook County or Eastern
Maine helps, the whole State, and so helps
Portland. We trust that the Press is a
stranger to that narrow, unintelligent spirit
that looks askance at everything not directly
and exclusively beneficial to a single city,
however conspicuous the position it may oc
cupy. We should favor granting a State sub
idy to the Aroostook or the Eastern road
with ust as much alacrity as we should favor
granting the same indulgence to the Portland
Kochester or the Portland Ogdeusburg
roads—both ot them enterprises dear to the
Portland heart. But we should look upot
subsidizing either or all of them as most uu
wise and as inevitably disastrous to the mora
and ultimately to the material interests of thi
State.
In a part of the Whig’s article which w<
have not quoted it justifies the po'icy it rec
ommends by citing the single case iu whict
the State has departed from its traditiona
prudence by grauling nearly a million dollars
and the remnant of its public lands to the
European North American road and
claiming that it can see that all the outlay ol
the State will be paid back “more than a
hundred fold.” It believes that the State
will be enriched thereby, and in justification
of its faith points to the great tanneries o:
Kingman that have sprung up at the soum
of the locomotive whistle.” We have grea
respect for the tanneries of Kingman. Lon;
may they flourish, and may like industria
establishments line the road at convenient in
tervals from the Penobscot to the St. Croix
■Rilf w ft nan not. a! In nr fhn pvpnnfinnal oocr
of the European North Amgiican road to
pass unchallenged as a precedent. The State
of Maine never expected to receive, and for
at least a hundred years to come never will
receive a pecuniary recompense for the mouej
and lands it gave that road. Both State and
and nation acted in the premises Irom a sin
cere belief that the road was necessary “foi
the defense of the Northeastern frontier.’
w. should have departed from the set
tied policy of the State if the treaty of Wash
ington had been ratified before the aid was
granted. The relations of the United States
and Great Britain were then extreine'y pre
carious. The Alabama claims an I the fish
ery question seemed likely to involve us in a
war that would invite an attack from an ene
my on the line of the St. Croix. Taking ad
vantage of the popular apprehension, the pro
jectors of the enterprise finally excited the in
terest of the Legislatures of Maine and Mas
““•lutsetts in the road as “a military necessi
ty.” No Ou«T)ow believes that the necessity
longer exists. Ana it the most sanguine ex
pectations of the Whig should be fulfilled In
respect to the development of the country on
the line of the road, there is no possible way
in which the State can receive a quid pro quo
unless it is saved from an armed invasion._
So that with all our euthusiasm for the great
international route, and with all our faith in
Its future, we feel that the State has made a
t>oor investment, and one that has deprived
it largely of the means as well as the inclina
tion to proceed further In the same direction.
One word as to the moral effect of subsidiz
ing railroads. Where railroads are founded
on the needs and are built by the money of
the communities through which they pas?
they are healthiul and helpful to a suprising
degree. But there is an abnormal growth of
railroads that is harmful to a still greater de
gree. Where they are built by subsidies,
wrung from reluctant Legislaluras by the arts'
of corrupt lobbyists and largely appropriated
by those chiefly interested in obtaining them
they may give a fictitious appearance of pros
perity that is an entire delusion. Heaven save
Maine from that “prosperity” that is based on
the acmuiation of immense fortunes in the
hands of a few capitalists, and from that cor
rupting “wealth” tbafspriugs from the suc
cess of gigantic’mouopolies. We are not of
those who find Dr. Loring’s pictures at all se
ductive. We remember too well that the
policy of Massachusetts in subsidizing rail
roads has brought upou it that evil which is
most of all to be dreaded bv tli naft wlin roel.
ize how eutirely the general happiness and
timate well-being of a people depend
on preserving their integrity, and on the
purity of public administration—a lobby
powerful and unscrupulous enough to
control the Legislature. Boston, Hartford
Erie has not only brought the omnipo
tent lobby to Massachuset's, but it has ren
dered it possible for the polluting finger of
Fisk to be felt for the first time in the affairs
ol the honored old commonwealth. Both in
Massachusetts and in other States where its
•ystem is in vogue the tendency of the best
and wisest men is to abandon it as an ever
present source of danger. The appearance ol
such an appalling phenomenon as the Penn
sylvania Central monopoly, through which a
single man, Col. Thomas H. Scott, contiols a
line of railroad extending from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, with numberless branches and
feeders, is enough to disconcert the most en
thusiastic advocate of subsidies and land
grants. In some of the Western States the
reaction is so decided against this system
that they have placed in their organic law a
prohibition of even municipal aid to roads1
They have tried it and are heartily sick of it.
W« hold, therefore, that the chauge in the
traditional policy 0f the State which the
Whig proposes is reactionary and neither
progressive nor iu any other respect desir
able.
At first thought it may seem a little curi
ous that Senator Schurz finds more numerous
and willing hearers to his anti-administration
diatribes among those who were early rebels
in the Border States and who now cannot
but partially conceal tlieir dissent to the stat
us of society under the Constitution, but a 1
second thought enables one to fully cdmpre-
bend its reasonableness. The firm policy of
President Grant affords the rebels no hope of
better days which they hope uuder an admin
istration that comes into power in opposition
to him. _
The Mormon question which has caused sc
much anxiety seems about to be solved with
out a conflict of arms'.or of civil authority, but
simply by the enforcement of a law that
Morman legislators bad provided for the pun
ishment of a crime it was the sole prerogative
of Gentiles to commit, but which the Latter
Day Saints were absolved from by a Divine
dispensation. But the courts established by
the federal government, not recognizing any
revelation that makes a religious duty for one
man that is a loathesome crime for another,
try the Mormons by their own law and con
vict them. The Hawkins case blows the former
assumptions of Brigham Young and bis fol
lowers to the four winds, and puts every very
much married Saint at the nrercy of the wife
of his youth whom he has deserted for an
other who in turn is cast aside as often as his
circumstances admit,there being no other limit
The outrage of Mormonism has been perpet
uated by the aid of the most atrocious crimes;
but now that the strong Federal arm can pro
tect the defenseless, lips mat nave been sealed
by the terrorism of years will become the ac
cusers of this great crime. There is every
evidence tliai the Federal officers are deter
mined to vigorously enforce the law and thus
overthrow this atrocity which affronts civili
zation and disgraces the land.
Political Notes
A political meeting in Nashville, Tenn., for
the organization of a new “reform party,” is
said by a contempory to have comprised
“many meu who fought on both sides duriug
the war.” Very likely!
A Denocratic paper published in Chester
county, Pa., is frantic over the defeat of its
party, which it ascribes to the new departure,
and this is its anathema: “Down with our
present leaders! Down with negro suffrage!
Down with the so-called Fourteenth and
Fifteenth Amendments! Down with that
bald, naked and brazen lie -which the last
clause of the ninth resolution contains I And
up with the Constitution! Up with State
Eights. And up with Civil Liberty and lr 1
cal Sell-Government 1 New leaders and Dei. I
oeratic principles will in 1872 insure victory« I
The Case of the Suspended JMcuiorn.
To the Editor of^the Press
In your issue ot Thursday, Sept. 19;li, you
have the following: “Probably Governor
Chamberlain and tbo rest of the college au
thorities uuder tbe uew regime do not believe
iu the. divine right ol students to be rowdies
and blackguards.” This was in counectiou
with jour notice of i tie suspension ol tbe Sen
ior class at Bowdoiu College.
Like all tbe rest of tbe world you assume tbe
diviue intalibility of the Fa. ulty and then
with a bold deduction, at least by iufeience,
declare those affected by its action to be iow
dies and blackguards.
As to tbe postulate it is useless to argue.
Tbe Faculty is de facto utterly irresponsible,
and it they choose to bring Bowdoin College
underpriuiary school discipline,they are at per
fect liberty to do so. Though even in primary
schools we believe that it is customary to hear
both sides of the story before turning one out
of school.
With regard to the inference; certainly
these are bitter words, and words were seldom
less applicable. Fully one third it not one
halt ot the Senior class are members of the
church in good and regular standing, who,
however they might mistake iu judgment,
would be far from even the remotest concep
tion ol blackguardism in any form. The act
for which they were suspended and the rea
sons assigned for that act had not the slightest
earthly connection with rowdyism or black
guardism.
And finally, if we may be allowed tojsay so
tbe position of tbe students toward the Facul
ty in this matter, was more decorous and dig
1 nified than the position of tbo Faculty toward
the students. “A Senior.”
iv-.l Hnn. nr- eT .i.
sincere pleasure 1U0 sensitiveness you and
your compatriots disclose in this matter, dor
therein is a promise of better conduct in future.
But we cannot for a moment concede that re
bellion against the academic authorities is a
becoming act,even young men who are church
members and wbo base not tbe “remotest con
ception of blackguardism in any form We
have no doubt that the young men who have
been suspended are persons whose gen
eral character is excellent. The offense
(or which they are disciplined seems of
a less aggravated nature than those often com
mitted by undergraduates. But nevertheless
it is clearly an outgrowth ol that false aud per
nicious notion, every where prevalent in col
logos, that students are privileged persons,
and that they ard somehow entitled to indulge
their lawless fancies without lebuke. It is a
part of the same college creed which holds vio
lence, falsehood and theft to be the mire par
douable eccentricities of youth. Probably
none of tbe young men whose relations
with tbe college are now temporally sus
pended ever avail themselves of tbe extreme
latitude allowed by these singular doctrines,
but tbe traditional undergraduate spirit seems
to animate them. We gladly exculpate them
from the charge of being “blackguards” and
“rowdies.” They are old enough to be men,
and to realize that their interests and those of
the Faculty aie identical. So loug as they
fail to realize this fact, we ask them in all can
dor, is not "primary school discipline” just
what they waut, church numbers ami all?
The Visit to Sit. John.
Had it not been for “Geu. Eli Perkins,” of
the New Yurk Commercial, we should never
have known why so many of our Irieuds who
left the big tent at Vanceboro’for St. John
with Lord Lisgar, Gov. Perham, and other
dignitaries, in such an ecstatic frame ol mind
came back so disconsolate. According to Eli
“tbiugs” were so cheap in St. John that tho
visitors, particularly the remorseless Pennsyl
vanians ot “protective” tendencies crammed
their pockets like school boys with kite strings,
tops aud sour apples, with gloves, laces, vel
vets and such. On their way back Eli says
they were betrayed. Hear him:
What do you think that Yankee Custom
House officer does when we get to Vanceboro’?
Why. the kuss goes thiough our luggage aud
pockets like a bottle of Hathoru water. I
have a few rolls of Jace lot Mrs. Perkins, some
velvet for little Johunie, aud soma six-button
glove* for my Fifth avenue lady friends. This
insatiate monster takes them ail. Jo Thomas
of Philadelphia, says the rascal searched the
President aud confiscated a pocket full of
Partagas. Inter armis (nary time) silentur
leges. Governor Deuuison has a dozeu six
buttons, and he goes sadly away from this re
morseless Yankee. He stands upon the rear
platform with his hands on a dozen gloves
(small sizes), and whistles Yankee Doodle,
while the Custom House man makes his search.
He escapes tbegeueral pillage, aud comes back
into the train—a happy maD.
Colonel Sam Shock, of the Columbia Bank,
the genial Mr. H. M. North, and Mr. George
L. Sanderson, aud Dr. It W. Slienk, of Lan
caster, Pa., were very iuitch excited over the
unexpected integrity of the Custom House of
fier. They did every legitimate thing they
could think ol to prevent tbe searching of
pockets and baggage. They impovisbed euchre
parties, and covered their trunks like tables.—
They swore that they had notbiug dutiable
about them except |some brandy and cham
pagne, which they drank at the banquet. All
the Pennsylvanians escaped except Colonel
Shock, who lost a beautiful silk dress, confic
■"ca}ed by the meddlesome officer. Colonel
Shock never smiled afterward. He came on to
ISnstmi etui an/1 riiinml man A t Tlnetnn
I Pennsylvania wags made the Colonel a present
of a 10-ceut calico, with a presentation speech
at the Revere House.
Our rations give out at Bangor after riding
all night. We all make a rush for the little
7x9 eating house. 8ome, half starved, secure
a Yankee doughnut, some a Boston cracker.—
Dr. Boring rushes for a Water street eating
house with hunger gnawing at his vitals He
famished and tainted in the arms of Senator
Hamlin before he could finish his breakfast.
Twelve smart ex-Cungressmeu get a nice
lay-out of clam chowder at a side table.
All aboard lor Boston 1” shouts a newspap
er man, who does not tear punishment after
death.
The ex Congressman run for the -train, and
the newspaper men run for the chowder.
Commodore Freley makes a breakfast on
Scotch whiskey and crackers, and Georgs
Washington Warren, the President of Buuker
Hlli Monument, breakfasts on one cracker and
eleven gallons of water.
Eli may have drawn largely upon his exub
erant imagination for most of his facts as given
above; but those of us who did not go to St.
John with Lord Lisgkr will never number our
neglect to do so among the great regrets of the
past—not if the half is told us of the cold and
hunger by all, and ol the custom house officers
by Eli.
The story that the Chicago fire originated
from a kicking cow and a kerosene lamp is
spoiled by the affidavits of the owners of the
property who depos^ that there was no fire in
their stable, and that their cows were milked
before dark. It is unfortunate that this story
is thus {discredited, for tho lesson taught by
this supposed origin of the fire in. connection
with kerosene might have saved many lives
and much property that will result from its i
careless handling. i
i
An exchange says that it won’t pay Yan-
kees to go to St. John shopping. There is not 1
such a difference in price after all except for 1
a few luxuries, and the sharp Bluenoses soon
learn that you are from the States and raise
the prices according.” In common article t
ihere is not such a difference. t
Sir Roderick I. Murchison, whose death
fas auLouootd in yesteiday’s paper, was
rnoog the most eminent geologists in Eugland
aid one of the roosi sc'emifio men of Europe,
do was horn in Scotland in 1792; went to the
niiitar.v college of Marlow, when thirteen
'ears of age ;was commissioned in the 3Gth Eoot
n 1807; joined the army of the Duke of Wel
ingtou tlie yent following then in Portugal,
>articipated in Ihe several campaigns that suc
ceeded, including the retreat of (Sir John
Moore; leit the army as a Captain ofDragoons
u 1815, when he was married. Eiom that
,ime until 1822, he was occupied in foreign
travel. He then turned his attention to scien
tific puisuits, spending the next two years in
the study and teaching of chemistry, and chose
geology as as his special department. In 1828
ho traveled through Italy with Sir Charles
Lyell. In 1830 he began the examination of
of the older sedimentary rocks in England and
Wales, but did not publish any extensive re
sults of his investigations until 1838. To this
system he gave the name of Salurian, alter au
ancient people that ODce inhabited the coun
try where lie made his investigation. In 1840
he pursued bis investigations of this system in
the Rhenish provinces. In 1842-5, he with other
geologists visited eastern and northern Europe,
and (afterwards wrote the (Geology ot Rus
sia. In recognition of his services lie was
knighted by the Emperor Nicholas. Long be
fore tlie discovery of gold in Australia, he pre
dicted the existence of gold in that country.—
He was one of the founders of the “British as
sociation ;for the advancement of Science.”
nuo uu UUUJ1U1J Ul ilBfliUrtlD IUC1UUOI UI all
the principal societies of Europe. He was
made a haronst by the present sovereign of
Great Britain in 1846
The Courier-Journal of Louisville. Ky., af
ter a season of silence since Carl Schurz’s
speech, breaks out in a strain so reckless and
and irreverent that it will be sure to shock the
whole of that serious class of persons styled
Democratic leaders—who really believe the
parly is something more than an old rickety
cart. But hear the Courier-Journal:
To simplify the thing by a common illustra
tion, let us say that we are now riding in the
old-fashioueil Democratic carryall. We paid
uur fare and took a through ticket a good
while ago Well, it has jolted ns along right
smartly. It has hauled us over some pretty
rough places. At times it looked as if it wai
going to upsw»t We know well enough that it
is getting mighty rusty to look at, and likew’sc
rickety. T'fi fact is, the wheels have not been
grcastd fo/4!ome time, and now and theu they
do dzm*»0»dtie mischief. But for all its age
jll a y*: •condition, the old Democratic car
ryall vehicle. It aint much for show.
It ain’t a and stylish vehicle. It ain’t a
gill edged oliai-j0t. But it’ll go. Itbaswheelf
and a tongue; Vnd if we could get a couple oi
good wbeel-botf ses, and stop the mouth of thal
internal old o'^tjy down in Georgia, we think
tlieie is Bome*aie travelling in it even as it is
I At all event®, we see no other vehicle in sighi
except our kittle friend Grant's new-fangled
cu»ch audwix, with the bob-tail ponies, and
that doesn’t suit us. Therefore wo don’t meat
to get out of our carryall and take it afoot ovei
an unknown country. Nor can we stop t(
help Carl Sehurz make a new vehicle. We di
not pretend to say that he will fail. We d(
not promise that his vehicle will not be stou
and sale. We.dou’t even know but that wi
shall he glad enough to be taken into it in case
our old carryall breaks down. But lor thi
piesent, it seems to us best to stick to the cuss
ed old crittur, and to try aod make itdo. We’l
take our cnanee at a run-and-jump if Car
Schurz's new drag catches up and is likely t<
get too far ahead ot us. That old Georgia ba
by is a nuisance, and we have two or three hij
brats here in Kentucky that keep up mon
noise than there’s any use tor. But when w<
get tlie horses hitched and started, and the oh
carryall begins to rattle along as if the wild
catB were after it, they’ll shut up, like littli
men. So here’s luck to Sehurz—for we wisl
him well—and here’s confusion to the coacl
and six, with the bob-tailed ponies—and here’
our best endeavors for the old carryall, till i
breaks down or goes to smash!
“A-sliouUn> the happy land of Canaan.”
Under the head of “reckless insurance man
agement,” an exchange says “that the Insur
auce business in Chicago has been so reckless
ly conducted that in the present extremity th
funds of a dozen companies prove to be insui
ficient to meet any considerable amount ot th
losses. One instance is cited where dividend
of SI,800,000 have been paid while the entir
assets of the Company were but 8400,000, an
the risks taken nnon nronertv destroyed i:
Chicago were $3,000,000. In other words, ai
iunreuse business was done on a small capital
vast extensions were made without any exer
cise of prudent foresight, and huge profits wer
divided with no regard to the interests of an
parties except the managers and stockhold
ers.”
The Massachusetts Republican Centra
Committee have issued an address to tho vot
ers of that State commending the policy of tb
party in the past and taking a hopeful view o
the future. Referring to President Grant’
administration the address says:
Coming into power at the close of au era c
disorder and conlusion he lias restored tb
States then hanging on the verge of the gov
eminent to their proper position, has estab
fished good order within their limits, has se
cured to the loyal men there free citixenshi]
and impartial suffrage and with an admirabli
mingling ot moderation and resolute action ha:
labored to suppress all disturbances and al
lawlessness, flis financial policy has beconn
the administration of the world, his foreigi
policy has set an example of peaceful adjust
ment of international difficulties which adds
brilliant chapter to oar diplomatic history anc
teaches mankind a valuable lesson of humam
and Christian negotiation.
The production of anthracite coal is heavj
the market weak, and prices 25 cents lowe:
than they were a week ago.
;Smte iNewss.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal says two young mei
furmerly of Greene, who had been doing busi
nesa in Chicago, have not been heard lof sinci
tho fire, although several telegrams have beet
sent to ascertain if they are still living.
The Journal states that Timothy Callahan.
Dauiel McGillicuddy,Johc A. Tracy,and D. P
Withe, against whom liquor indictments weri
found last term, have each recognized for thei:
appearuoce at the January term, S. J. Conit,
—giving hail in Bums varying from $1400 ti
$1000.
OXFORD COUNTY.
A few days since a lad named Manly A
Staples, 13 years old, residing in Canton, wliili
attempting to catch a horse in the pasture, wa:
kicked in the abdomen by the animal, and so
shockingly injured that ho died in twenty-foui
hours.
The Oxford Democrat says that Joshua Pol
lard, of Bethel, who was run over by the can
at Gorham. N. H., on the 2d inst., did not com
mit suicide, as was at first thought, but bad
been drinking freely, and lay down across the
track and was run over by the passing train
mangling bis body in a horrible manner. Mr.
P. was about twenty-five years old.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
Frank Crane, of Lincoln, 15 years of age, ac
cidently shot himself dead while snipe-hunt
ing Monday. “Appearancta,” says the Bangor
Whig,’’indicate that the lad saw a snipe or
some other game, and was creeping up to ob
tain a shot, dragging bis fowling piece behind
or beside him, when the hammer was cangbt
by a stick and pulled back sufficiently for it,
when re'eised to explode the cap ami thus the
charge, which passed through his neck, half
severing it from his body, and cutting all the
important blood vessels, so that the poor fellow
could have lived not more than a few seconds
at the most.”
The Whig says about 2500 bushels of potatoes
were brought into Bangor market Monday,and
jnlil at an uroMfro nriPA nf Panfa norhnshul
Piscataquis couQty is eeuding more potatoes
this year than last, and every down train over
the B. P. Railroad brings large quantities to
this city.
YORK COUNTY.
A fire broke out on Sunday morninu on the
premises of Mr. James Fitzgerald of York, de
stroying a house, barn and a number of out
buildings, together with a valuable yoke of
oxen, two cows, a lot of tools and his winter’s
provisions. When the fire was discovered it
had made such headway as to preclude all pos
sibility of saving anything, and the family
barely escaped with their lives. The property
was uuinsbured, and the unfortunate family
are thus left utterly destitute.
SPECIAL NOTICES
PIANO ROOMS,
Cahoon Block, next City Hall, Congreu at
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Has the Exclusively Agency for the
I *Y|ir^ pjpn jjaod the elegant Jewett
W JLDjuIT PIANO FORTES
Also other standard makers all sold at the lowest
reduced prices. oe25sntf
An Anchor to Windward.
It is goo-1 seamanship, when there is reason to ex
pect heavy weather, to drop an anchor to windward.
We are in the midst of the season of chills and le
ver. The sure preventive ot this distressing malady
is Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters. A course of that
wholesome vegetable tonic will rendei an attack im
possible. Take the hint and drop an anchor to wind
ward.
Weak stomachs are most liable to_be disordered
late in the autumn, when the changes ot tempera
ture are marked and frequent. Hostetter’s Bitters
ortify the stomach against the efteets of these va
riations. Let dyspeptics make a note of the fact, and
irop an anchor to windward.
Tho liver is more sensitive when the weather is
continually alternating between the warmth ot
ummer and the cold of winter than at any other pe
iodofthe year. This is peculiarly the season ot
uch alterations. Let the bilious remember that
lostetter’s Stomach Bitters is essentially an anti
ilious medicine,and drop an anchor to windward.
The wisest plan is to iorestall evil. The next best
ling is to arrest it. For disorders ot the stomach,
regularities of the bowels, and all periodical tevers,
ike,as soon as the complaint developes itstlf.HosUt
ir’s Stomach Bitters.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Cogia Hassan
Continues, to sell 8 lbs. best Granu
lated Sugar for $1.
-ALSO
BLANKETS,
AT
Factory Prices!
KID GLOVES
FROM
40 cts. to $1.75
A PAIR.
MILLINERY.
The Largest and Choicest
StocJe East of Boston.
HOSIERY!
Endless Variety at Lowest
Prices, g
Cogia Hassan,
139 middle
-AND

6 Temple st.
October 53-dlf
FOR S.IFF
Portland... (i'l
Portland and Rochester R. R.7’i
3 State ot iTIaiue. 6’i
1 Bath.'.. 6»i
3 The 6 per cent Bonds of the l^eeds am
j Farmington Railroad Company, Princi
3 pal and interest guaranteed by the Main*
Central Railroad Co.
-BY
J II. HI, PAYSOY,
33 Exchange st., Portland.
aug.’2 en
I Home Securities
i BONDS
f
1 OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO,

THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, to St. John, New Brunswick, s
distance oi 2C2 miles,—with the exception of 5J
milt s between Winn, Me., and tbc boundary line ol
the State at Vanceboro’. On this portion the track
is now beiug laid, both from Winn eastward and
from Vanceboro* westward. and the work will be
completed and trains running from Bangor to St,
John in September next.
This road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
connecting: the united states
AND THE BRITISH PROVINCES (New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). The population ot the
maritime Provinces is about ONE HILLIOH,
and all the land travel, Ireight, mails. See., between
them and the Uni'ed States,will pass over this Trunk
line,which is VVITH„I)T tat II PETITION.
1 Although not yet completed, the business of the
road is already ftr greater lhan its most sanguine
Iriends predicted, and is continually increasing.
The net earnings from I.ocnl ISusi 11 r*M alone,
on the 56 miles completed In Maine, already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars, and will be largely increasing after sept next
by the business lo and Irom tte Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tully as ts
i present large business and the immed ate increase
consequent upon its completion, requires,—the Com
pany has issued its Bonds to the umount of Two
Millions or Collars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
KNTIME ROAD AND PROP.
ERTY FRt.ni WINN lo VANtlEDOHO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on (he entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 56 miles. This
portion cost some *2 300,000, and the only lien lbere
on is a mortgage to the city ot Bangor for St,000.0001
IMMeSS* f,kst
800,000 Acres of Land!
Said lauds being the sumo granted by the Slate of
Maine to aid the construction oi this road. They are
situated along tho Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an 1 are hflavilr timtiprAil curl valiP.l,!., I
tracts, especially in the fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agricultural district iu tbe State,) are valuable
for farming lands as well as for their timber. This
immense grant of lauds equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with which they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as the State
01 Rhode Island, which is 1306 square milts.) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage of the Railway, its
equipments, <&c., which alone is ample security for
tbe Bonds there are timbei and farm lands to the
amount ot
400 Acres to each Bond
alM°i,£lRds:e? 10 ensure 'be payment thereof,
bear interest $1°“° 8a<;b' due March 1, ;1809,
SIX PER CENT. PER AMUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
Got,i> com,
Free from JJ. S. Taxation.
,n nt
payable (£6 each i in London, Eng ind it'w ^i8
LINKING FAIYD—All proceeds or ill?!*
as well as ol timber and other proda?ts ih«?i,l^lI?’
Clined States. State or Municipal'sacuriUeJ"1’'!,,1]?
on July 1,187i and annually tLoreaS until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, the E
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a.'
of money equal to one per cent, of the
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and alUnflrn0.
received on securiiies, belonging to the C
Fond are to be invested as above stated .i"B
accumulations are solely for the purpose n’fnd lie80
ally providing tor the redemption of ThcL n, 0^
The Sinking Fuud constitutes a th rd uten.a"”"'
ot security and strength, and adds to the sateTv of
these Bonds. »<ueiy of
The Trustees are Hou. HANNIRat.
joaiuror, Me., anu «J. EUttAK THOMsnv n
o1 Philadelphia, Pa. "UMbOls, ESq.,
The Trustees are authorized to receive ti,Q n
at Par and Accrued Interest in
any ol the lands at their appraised value. J CDC Ior
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Aoorued Interest in Currency.
U, S. Bonds and all marketable securities rcc
ed at highest market price In exchange lor th.'.Il
Bonds, and can he seut by Express and these
turned by Express, tree of expense to the nuroW,V
Pamphlets giving Iurtlier pgrtunlara concernUid
the connections and business, with Mans si,
the location and lands of this road, sent free on n?®
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent of£thr Company for tbo
Hale of Bonds,
BANGOR, MAINE,
OB TO
SWAM At BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
loo Middle Htrcet.Portland,
Sgr-On completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles of Railroad
now building, between St. John, N. B, and Haliikx
N. S, there will be an unbroken line ol Kailwav
Irorn Kaii'ax to all the chief cities of the United
States, and as two or three days ol ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 36 hours time saved from
New York, In going to or coming lu.m Europe bv
rail to or Irom Halifax,— a large business In pas,
tengers, mails ami Irelght will 'hereby bo added tt
the rrafhc over the E. N. A. Railway, vw
Julyl3-Bueod tf
SPECIAL NOTICES._
ri^<> THE \1>U-'N
Your atlcntiou|ia called to uu Invoice of
Eroiicli and Oerumn
FANGY GOODS!
Just received trora New York, and now open for your inspection at>ur{Store in Morton
Block, Congress St., (just above tire Preble House,) consisting in part of a full line of
Malta and Thread Laces.
Lace and Linen Collars and Cuffs,\
Lace and Hemstitch Handkerchiefs.
ALSO A FILL LINE OF
Gimps, Fringes and Buttons to mnt.cli,
And nu extensive ns.«ort incut ofLADIEN’ FURNISHING GOODS, HOSIERY
and GEOVEN, EiflBROlDERIES, Ac.
It will be our aim to meet the wants of our customers at all times with the most desirable and stylish
Gcods ol the season, as we have made arrangements whereby we can receive goods from the New York
and Boston market every day. By strict attentiou to busiuess we ieel confident ot pleasing those who
may tavor us with their patronage, liespectludy.
Nelson Co., Congress st,
Dlorton Block, Old stand Pray Smith.
P. S. All goods warranted as represented, and at the lowest market prices. oc*2J-smlt
The; Cause aud Cute ol Consumption.
The primary cause ot Consumption is derangement
ot the digestive organs. This derangement produces
deficient nutrition and assimilation, 13y assimila
tion 1 mean tnat process by which the nutriment oi
the tood is converted into blood, and thence into the
solids of the body. Persons with digestion thus im
paired, having the slightest predisposition to pul
monary disease, or it they take cold, will be very li
able to have Consumption of the Lungs in some ot
its forms; and i hold that it will be impossible to cure
auyjeaseoqconsumption without first.restoring a good
digestion and healthy assimilation. The very first
thing to be done is to cleanse 1 he stomach and bowels
from all diseased mucus and slime which is clogging
these organs so that they cannot perform their iunc
tions. and then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest aud best
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These Pills
cleanse the stomach and bowels ot all the dead and
morbid slime MfcL is causing disease and decay in the
whole system. They will clear out the liver ol all 1
diseased bile that has accumulated there, and arouse
it up to a new aud heaity action, by which natural
and healthy buo is secreted.
The stomach,bowels and liver are thus cleansed by
the use ot Sch.nek’s Mandrake Pills; but there re
mains in the stomach an excess ot acid, the organ
is torpid, and t.lie appetite iB poor. In the bowels,the
lac teals are weak, and require strength aud support.
It is in a condition like this that bebenck’s Seaweed
Tonic proves to be the most valuable remedy ever
discovered. It is alkaline, and its use will neutralize
all excess ot acid, making the stomach sweet and
«resh; it will give permanent tone to tnia important
organ, and craate a good, hearty appetite, and pre
parelhe system for.tue nret pieces* wiaguud digestion
aud ultimately make good, bealiby, living blood.—
Aitcr ibis preparatory treatment, what remains to
cure most cases ot Consumption 1st be tree and per
severing use ot Sciienck’s Pulmonic Syiup. The
Pulmonic Syrup Dourisbes the system, purities the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation,
aud thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There
it ripens a'l morbid matters, whether in the form of
absce.-ses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel all the diseased matter in the lorm of free ex
pectoration, when once it ripens. It is then, by the
great healing and purifying properties of Schenck’s
Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers and cavities are heal
ed up souud and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing Consump
tion is to get up a good appteite and a good digestion
so that the body will grow in fiesh and get strong.—
If a person has diseased luEgs, a cavity or abscess
there, the cavity cannot heal, the matter cannot rip
en, so long as the system is below par. What is nec
essary to cure is a new order ot tliiugs, a good appe
tite, a good nutrition, the body to grow in flesh and
get fat; then Nature is helped, the cavities will heal,
the matter wiil ripen and be thrown oil in large
quantities, aud the person regain health and strength.
This is the true and only plan to cure Consumption,
and if a person is very bad, it the lungs are not en
tirely destroyed, or even it one lung is entirely gone,
it there is enough vitality left in the other to heal up
there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live and enjoy life to a good old age.—
This is what Scheuck’s medicines will do to curt
rnnciimnlimi 'I'liov will Hilt tllfi Htnm.llh
sweeten and strengthen it, get up a good digestion]
and give Nature the assistance she needs to clear iht
system ot all the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever the form may be.
Itis important tnat, while using Schenck’s medi
cines, care should be exercised not to take cold: keei
in-doors in cool and damp weather; avoid night air
and take out-door exercise only in a genial and warm
sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understoou tuat when I recom
mend a patient to be careful in regard to taking cold
while using my medicine. 1 do so ior a special rea
son. A mm who lias but pariiallylrecovereJ from the
effects of a bad cold is tar more liable to a relaps;
than one who has been entirely cured, and it is pre
1 cisely the same in regard to consumption. So long
as the lungs are not perfectly healed, jnst so long it
there imminent danger ot a lull return ot the dis
i ease. Hence it is that 1 so strenuously caution pul
monary patients against exposing themselves to ai;
1 atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Con
firmed consumptives' lungs are a mass ot sores
which the least change of atmosphere will Inflame,
1 The grand secret ot my success with my medicines
i consists in my ability to subdue inflamation instead
ot provoking it, as many ot the faculty do. Au in
flamed lung cannot with salety to the patient be ex
posed to the biting blasts ol winter or the cbiliug wind:
of spring or autumn, it should be care mlly shielded
from all irritating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in this particular, as without it a
cure under almost ary circumstances is au impo-si*
bility.
lhe person should be kept on a wholesome and nu
tricious diet, and all the medicines continued unti
thebody has restored to it the natural quantity o
flesh and strength.
1 was myself cured by this treatment ot the wors
kind of Consumption, and have lived to get tat am
hearty these many years.wifrh one luDg mostly gone
I have cured thousands siuce, and very many hav<
been cured by this treatment whom 1 have nevet
seen
About the first ol October I expect to take posses
sion of my new building at the north-cast corner o:
Sixth and Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased t(
give advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies.so thai
a person in any part ot the world can be readilj
cured by a strict observance ot the same.
J. H. SCHKNCK, M. JL>., Philadelphia.
GEO. C- GOODWIN, CO., Agents.
BOSTON.
CARD*
Pout land, October, lt*71.
Having relinguishcd the Agency for the Singe:
Manufacturing Co’s., Sewing Machines to Messrs
WHEELOCK SARGENT, we take pleasure ir
recommending our former custott ers and the publii
generally to the above named firm.
oc21-2w WOODMAN, TRUE CO.
CAliD
Chicago, Oct. 20th, 1871.
We are happy to inform our friends and patrons
that we arc now located at 58 South Canal st., and
are prepared to execute orders promptly and most
respectfully ask a continuance of patronage.
oct20dlw GAGE DAVIS.
INSURANCE AGENCY OF
W. Z>. LITTLE CO.,
Portland, October 23il, 1871.
In consequence of tlie severe losses sustained by
tbe Chicago Coi:fi tgratiou th3 North American and
Merchants Insutance Co’s, ot Hartford are under the
the necessity of calling in all their outstanding Poli
cies.
All persons holding policies in these Companies are
aaain requested to band them into our office lor can
cellation, and we will place the risk with another
safe company it desired.
W. D. LITTLE CO.. Agents,
oc24snd&wtt Office 40 1-2 Exonauge st.
~S. B. GO WELL,
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entire
stock, oi Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at greet bargains, and will continue the sales only
until he sells his b .use. {See advertisement by Geo.
It. Davis Sf Co.) Now is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
Become early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntt
DEA PERRIN’S SAUCE.
Prouounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs. LEA PERlilNS to
prosecute all parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOII> DlXt AV .t BONM,
augl2sn6uiAgents, New York.
DR. 13* GARVIN'S
Tar Remedies,
-FOR
Coujjhs, Colds and Dung Diseases
For sale at Wholesale, by
w. P. PHILLIPS CO., Druggist.,
ocH3a«2w» No. 46 Middle Street, Portland. Me.
Wilbor’s Cod Diver Oil and Dime.
Persons who have been taking Cod Liver Oi! will
be pleased to learn that Dr. Wilbor bas sueceeded
trom directions ol several professional gentlemen, in
combining the lure oil and lime in such a inaunei
that it pleasant to the taste, and its efleets In
lu^ complaints aro Iruly wonderful. Very many
persons whose c-eses were pronounced hopeless and
who had taken the clear oil tor a long time without
marked effect, have been entirely cared by using
this preparalion. Be sure and get the genuine.
Manufactured only by A. B. Wilbob, Chemist, No.
166 Cour I Street, Boston. Sold by all druggists.
oo24 sn TWiS lw
IV O T I C E.
All Parties wishing to visit Chicago, to see the
ruins ot the Great Conflagration, or otherwise,
should call ul Grand Trunk Ticket Office, opposite
X'rOUiV nwuec, nuuo uwcis eu.Il UC UUU at lUVVCSt
rates.
oelTtf su D. H. BLANCHARD. Agt.
Aency ot the “Home” Fire Jus. Co.
OF COLTJAIBUS, OHIO,
5 Jixcliauge street, Portland.
I beg to imorm the friends and patrons ot the
“Home” that the following despatch has btcu receiv
ed at this office:—
“October 13.»
Secretary Baker t» nt Chicago with
CASH to pay lo.xrn, which arc leas than
expected. Cnpital unimpaired.”
The lavers and applications of those wishing relia
ble security against Fire are solicited for the
“HOME” of ColumbuH, Cnpital $300,000
‘UNION,” of Bangor. Aiaetv, 1
No loss at Chicago. J *4*0,000
gy Policies issued and losses settled promptly and
l,b6ra"y- W. FOYK, Agent,
ocl6snejd2w_5 Exchange street. 1
Batchelors Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dve is the best in tile world—per*
lectly harmless, reliable amt ins antaneons; no ills
ipointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
1 he genuine Wm, A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc-
;s IMMEDIATELY _a splendid Black or Natural J
brown, leaves the hair clean, sott, beautiful; does
aot contain a particle ot lead or any injurious com-
-iound. Sold by all Druggists.
,,u „:*82&'U«>*'>STBE*T0'4T.
FOR SA.DE I B
_ In
rnE new two story French roof house, just fin- u
ished, on Cushman st.; house piped tor Sebago,
ind all the modern improvements. Enquire on tne
,remises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. TENNEY.
sepWtl Bn
ONE FAVOR.
One favor, Boys, ot you we ask,
Ar.d as we’ve done so much tor you,
We hope you will not think a task
The thing we wish to have you do.
You’ve many little trlends, may be,
Who ‘‘Clothisg” lor the season need;
Ask them to call, and we'll agree
To rell them very Idio indeed;
Tell them (he place to buy new “Clothes,”
Coat, Pants, Vest. Hat and Shoes complete,
Is at the at re of GEORGE FEN NO’S,
Cornor ot Beach and Washington Street.
Boston, Oct 18.6ii1w
Procure Tickets
SEMS W. D. Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TI0KET1AGENOT
|Travelers for California
and the We*t, Mouth nttd North went, may ob
tain through Ticket*, by the bcixt aud iuo»t
reliable route* lrom Portland, or ttjston, or
New York, to anv point desired at the lowe*t
rate* at the old aud reliable Union Ticket Agency,
0t W. X>. LIT1LE <C CO.,
Ofilcc 49 1-4 Exchange Mg.
BQ^liolIable information cbeertuliy furnished al
all times. au26d tt sn
The Steamer Emperor
Will Not Leave Portland for Yar
mouth until iurther notice.
art. 9-Rntf
Portland Observatory*
"VTO Stranger should leave the City without visit
JLl lug the Observatory on Munjoy’s Hill. Frou
the cupola 2*7 fe above the Sea. may be seen tin
entire City, the Ocean to the horizon. Cunco K«y
with its 365 Islands. The White ITIouiifainn HI
miles distant, and with the powerful Tcleacopt
mounted In the cupola objects ;30 miles distant ii
every direetion may be distinctly seen. The viewi
here are said to be unsurpassed tor beauty and va
nety Uy any in the world. Oorgress street cars pas
very 15 minutes. SN jy22 3m
EXCHANGE
England, Scotland and, Ireland
Drafts on Hand
-ASH
Ready for Immediate Delivery
v in sums;to|suiti
W»l. E. W OOD,
67 Exchange St.
Agent for *lVcnry Olcwa Co., N. If
June27-tt an
Oy MARRIAGE.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVIL'
and ABUSES, which interfere with MARRIAGE
with sure means ot re’ief for the Erring and Untoi
tunate. Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, S. Ninth St., Pblladcl
pliia. Pa. jy 26-SN’ rag
PC O TIC E
rpHE Cigar sioro that wao advertised for salo at 22
JL Congress street, has removed back to the ol
stand on Exchange street, where I will still maim
;ucture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invit
all my customers aud trieuds in general to call an
examine my goods and get posted on the prices,
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, aud flue brand
ot Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor one
wanted. E. PONCE, No. SO Exchange St.
Stock Sl Stand for Sal<
As I contemplate leaving the city will sell m
stock ami place ot business at great discount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until 1 clos
out my stock ot
Ship Timber, Plank, Spars, Knees, Beck
iug, ami Treenails.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on Ia. TA¥LOK,
sept 19 snti lie commercial st.
Sterling Exchange
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of Londoi
AND THE
Provincial Bank cf Irelant
And nil Its Branches.
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. Ji BROWN SONS
j el 3-silt t 9g Exchange Nt.
GRAHAM FLOOR
OF A SUPERIOR QU AL1TY
Ercsh from the mill. Also the celebrated
‘‘POSTELS,”
And Other Choice lirands.
SHAW, HAmmOND A CARNEY.
oc9-d3m
GOLD DUST!
All lovers ot CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. sei.5d2mo i«
They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA ST >RE,
Fluent Block,
sep27«sneodtf Exchange st.
Graphite Axle Grease.
The Best in the market for nil kinds of
carriages.
Also a good assortment ot
Machinists,lFine Tools
G. L. BAILEY, 48 Exchange street.
R E M O V A I,
-AND
REOPENING
-OF THE
Old rost Uitice
On an entirely new plan.
Tb s office will open tor the delivery ot
FURNITURE,
CAK PETS,
Crockery House Furnishing Goods
Ot every name and kind, on or about the
QOth of' Sept. 1871.
Persons calling for anything in our stock will
[•lease leave their name, street and number and all
will be delivered tree by one of our numerous car
riers. Office open from 7 A M., to 0 I* M., Sun
lays excepted.
Hooper, Eaton Co.
P. S. Entrance trom Exchange, Federal or Mar
tot sis. _v seplB
THE
ADJUSTABLE SPRING BED.
THEBEST
AND
Cheapest in the World
MANUFACTURED BY
riios P. Beals Co.,
MARKET STREET.
This Bed is pronounced by all all who have used it
8“Deri0.r l° auv other over offered to the public
Ihe Manulaeturera make the oiler to guarantee
eriect satisfaction to every purchaser ot this article.
Also Manufacturers of
Chamber Sets
And Dealer* in nil kind* of
B1 UR 1ST IT U RE.
ocl3 If
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded warehouses on
rowu’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
ed Sugar Co’s buildings York Dantorth and Com
ere ial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
jylSsn 97 Exchange Street,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Tlte European Question, o
WL at is the European question to us? Let tLe
crowned heads fight it out will a we supply their
atmies with provisions.
Till? AMERICAN QUESTION
as to the best method of clothing gray heads with
glossy brown or raven black Is, however, a matter of
vast lmpor aoco 'o millions ot both sexes In this
counity. It teems to he decided, if popularity is a
air test m the ea?e, in favor of
Cristadoro’s Exeebior Hair Dye
the sales of which have been advancing during the
past twelve months with rapidity a*Uni: hii g. As
dressing a1 ter dyeing, use
CRISTADOUO’S HAIU PRESERVATIVE.
scp‘28 eod lm w39-ll sn
”B 0 N D S
Portland Municipal; G's
Portland Aid It. K. G’s
Slate ot Maine 6’s
St, Louis G’s
Bockiand Aid B. It. G’s
European N. A. It. U. Gold G’s
Portland Oud. K. It. Gold G’s
Portland A Uocliester It. It. 7's
Chicago 7’s
Toledo 8’s
FOP. SALE BT
SWAN BARRETT,
Hankers Brokers,
lOO OTiddIc street.
_oc23 8S MW&F _
COAL $8.50.
Broken for
Boilers—furnaces—Store Stoves—
Salamanders”—or in fact any pur
pose where a large sized and strong
Coal is desired or required—oflered
at the above price,which is certain
ly low, considering the present
phase ot the Coal Market.
JOS. H. POOR BRO.
oc3snlt
m a it is 11:
InSaco.Oct.il, Alex. H. Child*, ot Holyoke, and
Miss M. II. (Jordan, ot Sato.
In Allred. Oct. 14, Charles Alien, of Alfred, and
Olive A. Collin, et Water boro.
In Lewiston, Oct 22, Wtr. H. Green, ot Wiuthrop.
and Martha A. Jackman, ot Chestervdle.
In Lewiston, Oct. 21, Heury F. Brown and Ade
laide Webber.
j In Monmouth, Oct 22, U. D. Jewett and Etta M.
Benner.
DIED.
In tbis city, Oct. 24, Mr. John Griffin, aged 64 vears
[Funeral on Thursday atiernoon at 3 o’clock, at
his late residence, No. 4 Locust street.
In Livermore, Oct. 15, Nicholas S. Watson, termer
ly of New Gloucester, aged 78 years.
In New Yora City, Oct. 6, Wm. F. Walker, form
erly of Casco, aged 43 years.
DK If A IlllKE OF OC KAN 8TEA1IERH
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
Hibernian .Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 21
Caledonia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 21
Pereire.New Yo/k..Havre.Oct 21
Cityot Brussels.... New York. .Liverpool.Oct 21
Merninac.New York. .Rio Janeiro.. .Oct 23
Cleopatra.New Y'oxk.. Havana.Oet 24
Scotia.New York.. Liverpool.Oct 25
Colorado.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 25
St David.Quebec.Glasgow.Oct 26
Missouri.New York. .Havana.Oct 26
Cityot Antwerp.. .New York. .Liverpool.Oct 26
p Moravian. .Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 28
Anglia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 28
Algeria.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 28
Ocean’c.New York.. Liverpool.Oct 28
Kliuinture Almanac.October
Sun rises...6.24 I Moon sets.3 15 AM
Sun Sets.. 5 03 High water,.... 9.00 AM
MARINE NEWS.
PORT OP PORTLAND*
Tuesday, Oct* 24.
ARRIVED.
Steamtt New York, Winchester, St John, NB, via
Eastport for Boston.
Sch Adeline Adams, Johnson, Boston.
Sch Ella L Trefethren, Stalling, Cape Cod—160
bbls mackerel.
9 Sch May Evelyn, McLellan, Cape Cod—150 bbls
1 mackerel.
Sch Julia Ellen, Vaughn, Cape Cod—50 bb’s mack*
e erel.
i Sch City Point, Orchard, Bay Caleurr—225 bbls
1 mackerel.
9 Sch Telegraph, Woodward. Ellsworth.
Sch Cherub, Barnes, Thomastou,-lime to C A B
9 Morse Co.
Sch Meredith. (US) Ellis, Islesboro.
j Sch John Tyler. Lindsey. Calais tor Boston.
Sch J C Harraden, Joy. Machias tor Boston.
Sch Grecian, Coombs, Lincolnville tor New Bed
ford.
Sch Abbie, Cleaves, Gardiner for Philadelphia.
r CLEARED.
Barque Ever, tt Grey, (new. of Yarmouth, 592 tons)
I J G Coring, Blueliill, to load lor New Orleans—K
3 I ill rfi i n n
I Brig Wenonah, C T Kabrs, Havana—Pbinuey
Jackson.
Sch Spring Bird, (Br) McLean, St John, NB— Jno
Porteong.
Sch Arrow, (Br) Bishop, Harvey, NB—John Por
teous.
Sch Robt Woodruff, Williams, Bath—E Churchill
Co.
I in K no KAN DA.
Sch Gov Coney, Marsen. ot and irom Augusta tor
Bridgenort, put into Portsmouth 22tl, lor repairs,
having encountered a gale on the night ol the 18tb,
oft Chatham, and lost deck load ot lumber, lost and
split sails, &e.
9 DOIHRMTIC PORTm.
OREGON—Sid 13th insf, shin Washington Libby,
Cousins, {from San Francisco) tor llo.
SAN FRANCISCO—Ar 23d, ships Free Trade, Ba
ker, New York; Templar, Fessenden, do; CorsLa,
Havener, Liverpool.
Cld 14tb, ship Flying Faglc, Lewi*, Newcastle.
GALVESTON—Cld lfiili, brig Ocean Eagle, Wat
erhouse, Pensacola.
NEW ORLEANS —Ar 18th, ship Northampton,
Me Loon Liverpool; Gut Butler, Chase, Havre.
Ar at SWPass 18th, ship Scotia, Mitchell, Liver
pool.
MOBILE—Ar 18tb, barqne Wetlerhorn, Lander
km, Cardift.
I ‘ilSvlS*?’ bar<*ne r V Mlnott, Carter, Portland.
PENSACOLA—Ar 17th, brig Guiding Star, Rogers
Galveston.
Sid l6tb, ech John Bird, Higgins. Philadelphia.
n5.1S,.Ei,“s,d 17,h» bliS Etta M Tucker. Drisko,
Philadelphia.
SATILLA. GA—Cld 13th, sch David Nichols, Wy
man. New York
SAVANNAH—Ar 20th Inst, barque H F Hussey,
Farnsworth. Boston 7
NORFOLK—Ar 20th, sch Maid ot tha Mist, Cook.
Georgetown.
BALTIMORE—Ar 21st. barqne Daring McDoiald
Sagua; sch Palos, Shack lord, st John. NB.
Falmouth baique Sarah E Eraser, Knight, Coik or
wuiIIhAPS'1*1?1 21sf< 801,8 Georgio Deeiing,
W I ft aid, Portland; St Elmo. Davis, Newport.
H bJ'* M Ti"lf.eTr* Bernard, Guantanamo.
borTI brl2 Mary C Mar,ntfr' Hurgin, East Har
2,sf* 8oh Wercv T Trundy, War
ren, St Marys, Ga. (lost and split sails.)
Ar 2id. ship l F Chapman. Stone. Antwerp: brig*
.1 H Dillingham, Herriman, Santo* 61 dav«; B In d
nac, Austin, Port au Prince; Proteu*. Hfall, tm Port
Johnson ior Boston: *ebs F A Pike Knowles, do tor
ball River; Maty Shields. Waite Ehzabethport tor
Portland; JGeorgio Staples, Lord, Calais for Phila
delphia.
Aa 23d, ship S G Glover, Miller, Im Manila 21tb
barque Templar. Bartlett, England.
Cld 23d, ship Nile, Newcimh, Liverpool: barque
Archer, Moody, Portland; brig Ko'sack, Elliott, for
Cadiz; schs C E Warren, Smith,Jacmel; M B Harris
Crowley Charleston: Anna Maria, Cole Sliulee, NS;
Wreath, Bunker. Nortolk; Calvin. Clark, Bosiou.
Passed through Heft Gate 23d. sch H Prescott, Mer
rlman. Port Johnson lor Pori land.
PROV IDENt E-Sld 23d, *cb Hattie, MeCbntock.
Savannah.
HIVER—Ar 20th, schs Casco L >dge, Pierce
Philadelphia.
VINEVARD-HAVEN—Ar 23d, sch Hattie Ross,
Ulrick, Sagua for Portland.
FORD-Ai^J.sch William H Archer,
Miiliken Ellsworth.
^J?.1^.-Ar.23d' scb'> T D Wilder. Kenney, Irom
eAurora, Whitney, Bangor.
~a brl^9 Maria Wheeler Wheeler, Fernandi
na S J Strout, Hammond, Savannah; sch Roscius,
Uolbrook, Hartford.
Ar 21th, barque Jonathan Chase, Chase. Gotten
brgar. Ellis, Port an Plane; Altoona Fitzgerald,
Bucksville, SC; Whunoy Long. Hayes. Philadelphia
Jacbin. Keene. Rondout; Frank Maria, Wood, Eli
zabethport; Borneo Matthews. Port Johnson: Bur
mah, Winslows, do; M C Sproul, Poland, Damar
lscotta.
Old 21th. brig Mary J Williams, Graves, Barba
does: sen Bucco Lev is, Portland.
DANVERS—Ar 18th, *cbs Savoy, Robbins, Calais;
Arkansas, Thaver. Rockland.
MARBLEHEAD-Sid 21st, sch Koret, Webster,
for Bangor.
GLOUCESTER—Ar 23d, brig H Means, Staples,
Bangor ior Boston; sch MaritJ, Fletcher, Saco lor
Boston.
PORTSMOUTH- Ar 21st. schs Sedonia. Wall, tm
Hoboken; Greenland Parker, Port Johnson; frank
Jameson. Jameson, and Mary A Harmon, Parker,
Philadelphia: Kossuth. Tbom3s. Elizabethport; M
A McCann. Kavanaugb, and Maggie Hell, Jameson,
New York.
Ar 22d, sebs Sarah Wooster, Leland, New York;
Sinbad, Perry, do.
BATH—Sid 21st, sch Teazer, Hamilton, New York
T S MeLellan, Farr, do.
FOREIGN PORTS
„Ar,*t„H,onsr,fLong Ang.u- ship Jennie Eastman,
Getcbell, Cardiff.
In port Sept 2d, ship Joseph Clark, Carver, lor San
Francisco.
Boston01 ftIanila 2’ B*“P Socloo, Hutchinson, lor
Ssftfisaasaia'BysjBs
JZK8gpftSi%g££r Ll"
YmkYo^l'ays0001 8hlp Agcuor> Knowles, New
son.VmNewYori il8t* C S Rogers. Dickln
lor^New*T?ork Lbigb‘°«>
coS™tauV'i‘ H,“tie E Whee'ur’
New Yor ®arba0oeli ltb inst. ^>8 ‘’'ary Stewart.
niJ Steamer Aieeira. at New York.l
on? iat J.,h' Ubiltou, Nichols, Galvestou; t
9th. Geo Skolfield, Mcrrlmau. Rio Janeiro.
Ar 9th, Caribou. Treat, Cliarlesion. p
Ent out 7th, Emma Smart. Sagua.
Ot! Ormshead 7th, John L Dimmock Lincoln, from P
Liverpool for Savannah.
Ar at London 9tb, .lohn C Potfer, McClure, Singa-
pore; Paciolus. Smith, Iloilo. 4
7t,1> Mary KWecut, Tucker from New
York for Antwerp. 9
Antwerp m°Uth pr,scl,,a* from New York lor
H^J).<radJnau,s Poiot 6th» Mayflower, Call, from 4
Havre tor Savannah.
AltrSfi8to1 7,h- North Star, Owen, and J A Thomp
son. Thompson, for New Orleans. v
Sid ,m Lisbon 2d lost, Callao, Bucknam, Malaga.
Ar at Havre 5th inst. Albert, Keed, tm New York;
Caledonia, Carter. New Orleans.
York.at Antwc,p 7th iU6t' Nimbus, KeUcy, fm New I
Priu^p&p”!?.™ c,h in3t'
rth,'0*0 Snmll^Smnll’, LoSdTOf“C’ Herbcrt’ E"gl™‘ s
Sid im Khigroa.l 9ib, Kichd McManus, Foster, for u
Cardiff and Martinique. vw
Sesvlfork.-In ‘h° KoaJa 9tb>Cbas Fob«,'> Swell, tm
-_
A.r John NB,2l«t whs E M Sawver Ke’>eT,
as, Ksa^ssays:
i)iD, Stan ey, Ntw York. r^c Rl
MFOKKN.
Oct 15, oil Geoig s Shoal, brig Haven, irons New
IH'la lor New York.
?EW ADVERTISEMENTS
^oiiielliiug Wcw»
It S\ i T TIE UIj,
and
ARTI8TI O,
TO BE SEEK
Only at Hale’s,
2 Free street.
Oct 23 in'!*
PIANO FORTES.
<i 0 It II AM’S
AAAIAIi
EXHIBITIO N
S ALf ip
Mr. C Mj C-orh:im, the manufacturer of the jopu
lar New York Gotham Pianos, encouraged by the
flattering success, which attended Hina at the exhibi
tion and sale ot these instrument* last year in Port
land, aud the dtm m I anil sale tor them alnca that
time, is prompted to repeat the exhibition aud sale,
Commencing Kov. 7th, 1871.
FOR
Ten Days Only.
AT
Mo. ft Free at., Block,
PORTLAND.
Thanking the people of Poxtland for the very literal
patronage and confidence wo have received from
tbemj and feeling assured that our reputation for
a first class Piano is now firmly established In this
City, we propose to bring about (MO) twenty of these
instruments, Embracing every variety ot st)le and
finish. Making it the largest variety ot elegant
Pianos ever shown in Portland.
These Pianos are first class instruments in every
respect, every part being made as well as money and
hauds can make them, lu many points ot internal
construct!on together with des'gu and elegance ot
of case we claim a superiority.
We employ no A Benin,
And shall offer the Pianos at a fair living profit
above cost of Manu'a.ture.
Every Piano is fuliy warranted tor ihe term of fire
years.
Weinvite all to visit our rooms t the opening and
jddge tor themselves.
To Parties desirlous ot obtaining a really fine Piano
at a moderate cost, this exhibition and sale will ul
tord that opportunity seldom offered.
We shall allow a lair price for old Pianos.in ex
change.
Our New Pianos Sold on easy
Monthly Instalments 11 detired,
We refer below to seversl parties In Portland, wbo
have purchased these Pianos and thoroughly test
ed them one, two aud three years; who will now
rraukly testify that they are proving to be in every
respect, all that could be desired in a Piano. Hold
ing their natural goodness ot tone periectly. Tbs
actions working with the same nicety as when
new, and standing in tuue remarkably wed. (Sever
al of the Pianos sold at our exhibition last Novem
ber have not been tuned yet, being nearly a year,
and are in exceient order now.)
The fact that we have told a large tumbe
to tho best citizens ot Portland, in so shjrt time,
show best their merits aud excellence.
Among those that have purchased these Planes
are:
Mama*! Waterhouse, Clothing Dealer, 92
Carlton Ht.
W m H. Waldron. Wo 2 Oak st Firm J. W
True A Co.
Wm. H. Mtephenson, Mfafe et.
Geo, 11. Knight, Wholesale Druggist. State
st.
M. O. Palmer, Dealer in Boon A Mho**.
Oxlo d st.
John E. Pnliner. Wholesale Milliner, Win
ter st.
Mrs D. Choate, Park st.
J.C. Baker, Commistion Merchant, Win
ter st.
Mrs. Hall J. Little, 49 High st.
D. T. Chase, Cumberland st.
E. Martin. Firm Martin. Pennell A Co r
Wiliuol nt.
1 •V* Wn rrhonw. Firm Martin. Pennell A
Co. S Cedar
Frank E. Pray, 4 ustom lion**, Carlton *1.
Brooks, Fiim of O M A E P.. uni.
bcrlaud st.
Wm. K. Rhodes. ITIniiia’fr Nteain Heaters.
Congress st.
A. K. Mlmtiuck. Fianklin st.
Franklin Tnkey. Builder, Worth mu
D. S. Jones, Moil Ag’t E R R., Worth st.
Isinnh Randall, Builder. Wnterville st.
Ham’l H. Gilliey, Spring st.
Ileniy Mai gent, Atlantie st.
Mrs. t). Rutler,
M. %V. Mtilphen, Carirngp Maker, Oxford st.
Thoinno liandull, Foreman ot Portland
Co’s Works, India st,
C. K. Brydget, Builder, Worlh’st.
Joseph Hezelton, Ssccarappa.
Win. n. Margent, Collector Custom*, Cam
time,
John W. Drcnser, Mauu’fr Cordage, Cas
tiue.
W c shali also offer with tbc-o Pianos a large va
riety ol elegant Piano covers,
Also several second baud Piano**, which wt l ave
already taken in exchange.
C. fl.. Giii'iiaui Co.
October, 1871.oetll W&Stt la
To Let
WITH board, one good a’led j,lc want room, suit
able tor a gentleman! and wile, or two ,ingie
gentlemen. Also acromtnodaiioua tor table bocr it-r,
at f2 Freest. o«25*lw
•di-ick itouse to Kent.
ON Din forth st., near State. Contains ten or
wat ‘*el,e gas and pleuty ol hard and solt
Apply to W. H. JEltKlS, Real Estate Agent
oc25*lw
House Wanted Immediately,
r| °„conJt?ln 8 roon,». 2 stories, near High School
X Building on Cumberland at. Price not to ex
ceed *3 000. Any person haying such a house can
hear ol a cash easterner, by applying at City Em
ployment Ofbce, 351J Congress st. oc-.’8*3t
House to Let.
N 2?1 Congress street, heated above and below
1.1 with furnace, Seba go and filtered water, with
modern improvements, and very pleasant. For par
ticulars sail on L. TAYLOR,
Oct r5*d)w 17$ Commercial st.
Wanted,
A SITUATION as book-keeper, by a voting man
sihout twenty years ol age, and who is right
about his business. Good reference given. Address
3QOK KEEPER. P. O. Box 1193, Portland.
House to Kent.
ON Danforth st.. near High. Sebago Water. Gas.
a'"l Furnace. Inquire at 84 Commer
_o;?8 lw
To Let.
fSjrfnV A pleisant cottage, containing ffre
Hiiil ‘4 *t-, to a sma!l family witl
M-Ldrcn. oc25ti
pawtaeh
WANTED
WITH $20 oeosapital in a well established whole
sale Drug business; one acquainted with the
Hlslnc s pr t'erred, but not very particular. Ad
IreiS '‘BUSINESS,” P O Box 3502, Bosten. Mass.
oc23 3t—
Every l>ny, ftuiulajs Excepted.
MOATS, PANTS *ud VESTS Dyed and Cleansed
0 at FOSTER’S DYE HOUSE, 24 UNION ST.
early opposite Falmouth Hotel; Offlc. 314 Cengrea.
treet.
Dyed Garments warranted not to smut. Garments
leansed by the new steam process have (be ad van
ige of Ho» shrinking and all spots, grease and gen
ral detects fkihrely removal. sepll-iiewM W AF
SEED, SEED!
w./\sA BUSHELS New T mothy Seed; also"
^PIVy vr Clover and Red Top tor sale by
KEXVALL <t WHITNEY.
Portland, Sept 2,1871._rep2dtl Is
jfo, 165 Middle Street,
II. A. P. DABUIG
Have received trom New York
ilk V« iv«l« null Hatlua. in all colors; Thrrnd
.d Malta barn, Ore;, ond *«ek Batt.n.
■i,l oruicnaout., Ntor Js-iubroidery Ulnftda,
ring*., In all colors.
octlt lwd then 3weod