<L be <6a;ctte anb€bronidt.
W 3 W
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1071.
RELIEF FOR CHICAGO.
By requeaC of many of the citizens of North
Providence aad Pawtucket,* Meeting of the
people of both towns will be held in Battery
Hall on Saw an AY Eykninw, October 14th,
IX7I. at 7) o'clock, to see what action the people
of thia vicinity will take in extending aid to
the suffering and bomelnoo people of Chicago.
It is a National Calamity, and a hundred
thousand perishing people an- calling for owr
assistance. A warm and hearty respon-e is
expected from the citizens of Pawtucket and
vicmity.
SAMVEL S. COLLYER,
Prescient North J’rovidene* Town Council.
ALDEN SIBLEY,.
President Pawtucket Town Council.
AWFUL
We suppose that every one of our readers will
have heani tong before this number of our pa
per will be circulated of the terrible calamity
whi> h has befallen llw great western city of
Chicago, and perhaps every one of them will
have bourne familiar with more of the details
and incidents of the disaster than we can find
room for; yet it is our duty to place on record
sosne account of the sail event. The conflagra
tion which has laid so large a portion of that
splendid, wealthy, enterprising and important
city ill rums, and destroyed so much property,
and brought destitution and ram upon so many
people, and shocked and injured the whole land,
is very far from haring a parallel in this country,
and hardly has one in the whole world.
On Saturday evening last, a fire broke out in
that part of the city of Chicago which lies on
the west side of the south branch of the Chicago
river. The buildings there were of wood, and
a protracted drouth hail caused them to be un
usually dry an<i inflammable, and the flames
spread with great rapidity, and before they were
extinguished a large number of buildings and
much other property were destroyed. The
buildings, however, were old and comparatively
of little value, but their destruction brought
nn-ery and loss to a large number of people.
The fire was subdued about two o'clock on
Nunday morning.
>n Xunday evening, so it is stated, a boy went
mto a stable on Dekoven street, in the same
(■art of the city w here the fire broke out on
.Saturday evening, U> milk a cow, carrying with
him a kerosene lamp. This lamp is said to
have been kicked over by the cow, and the
liurning fluid uas scattered among the straw.
This was the commencement of the terrible
conflagration to whi< h we have referral. There
appears to have been negligence and delay in
attacking the flames while there was any
chance to control them, and they soon raged in
a fearful manner. The wind (Jew a gale from
the southwest, and the flames shot rapidly from
bouse to house, and the buildings being ex
tremely dry from the long drouth, they were
quickly reduced to ashes. The scene was ter
rible, but only the beginning of horrors which
were soon to come. The wind increased in
violence, and the flames spread like wildfire in
a northeasterly direction, directly for the heart
of the city. The people rushed in terror into
the streets, barely escaping with their lives,
and unable to save anything. The tire soon
readied the south branch of the Chicago river
and croe--e«l it. The wind carried bunting
brands atrsw the stream, and the flames im
mediately secured a foothold on the northeast
sale. The shipping in the river was destroyed.
In its passage to the river the fire had made a
elean swath a mile in length and nearly a mile
in breadth. 4»n the flames ru-hed all through
the night and all day Monday. All attempts to
arrest their progress bail been from the outset
as futile as it would be to attempt to control
the waves of the ocean in a gale with a broom.
All attempts bi check them ap|M»ar, indeed, to
have hern nearly abandoned at an early stage
of their progress, tlie people devoting their
energies to saving their lives and a few of their
most valuable possessions. Xome buildings
were blown up, but nothing that could be done
availed. The air was tilled with burning coals,
and brands several feet in length were hurled
from building to building, t toe after another
the most costly and splendid buildings in the
city, some of which were considered fire proof,
wen reduced to ashes with nearly all that they
contained. In the alarm and confusion and
dismay it was almost impossible to save any
thing. The streets were filled with distracted,
panic-stricken peojde who rushed madly aliout.
The weak were tnxlden un.fer foot by the strong
and each one seemed to care only for himself.
Women and children uttered the most pitiful
groans and cries of distress. Many sat down
and wept, and gave themselves up to despair.
About sunset on Monday the wind lulled, but
the fire raged until three o'clock on Tuesday
morning, when rain fell and the progress of the
fl.unes was checked, and by noon on Tuesday
they appear bi have been under perfect control.
A more definite account than we now have of
the extent of the ruin caused by this awful con
flagration we shall doubtless soon receive.
While the flames were still raging on Monday
with unabated fury, it was estimated that ten
thousand buildings hail been destroyed,and the
area of destruction was represented to be four
miles long and one mile wide. It is said that
not a house is standing from Congress street to
Lincoln Park, a distance of four miles. The
latest estimate of the loss which we have seen
makes it fiSttUUMtum. Other estimates make
it much larger. A hundred thousand men,
women and children were rendered homeless
anil destitute, and wandered aliout without
shelter or food. The track of the fire was
through the very heart of the eity. and the
heaviest portion of the architecture of the city
was ruined. A great many elegant and costly
residences were destroyed. b>gether with every
I sank in the city except two savings banks,
all the wholesale stores, all the leading
retail establishments, the piot office, court
house, chamber of commerce, all the principal
hotels, every newspaper except one of minor
importance, every theatre, the six largest eleva
to>s, several immense railroad depots, and
twenty or thirty churches. Some idea of the
destruction may be formed from thia. But a
terrible feature of the conflagration remains to
be mentioned. There was a great loss of life.
People were surrounded by the flames and
burned to death or crushed beneath falling
walls and timbers. A dispatch from Chicago
dated day before yesteniay state* that ninety
bodies had then been recovered from the ruins.
The hill extent of the lorn of life will probably
never be known. It ssw almost incredible
that beings in human form could have exerted
themselves to increase the horrors of the con
flagration. but it is said that incendiaries were
found at work during the fire, and that a num
ber of them were instantly hanged or shot,
tlen. Sheridan is in the city with a large num
ber of V nited States troops to aid the authori
ties in preserving order and protecting property,
and we are told that the city was under mar
tial law on Wednesday, and that the soldiers
made no arrests, but put turbulent characters
to death on the spot Another dispatch, dated
on Wednesday, says that forty-one persons
were in making arrests last night." and
that the stariou bouse is tilled with prisoners."
We hope there is some exaggeration about this.
The conflagration has. of course, brought suf
fering and destitution upon a great many peo
ple, and the appeal for aid for them has been
responded to in a most gratifying and creditable
manner. In all the large cities uid in many
smaller places there have been prompt and lib
eral contributions for the sufferers, and individ
uals sad associations have taken hold of the
work, and even in England steps have been
taken to swell the amount, which must even
w« think, reach several millions of dollars.
The effects of the fire are wide spread, and are
feß severely i n financial and business circles
throughout the country. Many insurance offi
ces suffer greatly, ami mm of them have fallen
beneath the blow. The people of Chicago,
though prostrated and severely affiicted, and
many of them reduced from affluence to pov
erty. are not disheartened. but amid the smouJ
denng mins <.<f their city immediately took
measures to rebuild and remmmencc business,
and in a few years we shall k-übtleu see on the
shore of Lake Michigan a nx-re beautiful city
than that which has been to a great extent
destroyed in a single day.
THE HTCHBUBG FIREMEN'S MUSTEK
PAWTTTCIIT TAXES THE THUD PRIZE.
ttef*wse>l for the Gaaette and Chronicle.
The much talked of fin-men's muster at
Fitchburg to now among the events that have
taken plac*. As was anticipated, it proved to
be the largest gathering of firemen ever held in
the I'nited States, etyAfy-oae companies being
entered. Of this number .37 were hand engines.
X 7 steamers, 12 b<ae comjwnies and hook and
ladder companies. But ail did not put in an
appearatii-e," which les-ened somewhat the
number of th«ae who contended for the prizes.
A large number of people were present from
various parts of New England on both days of
the muster. The first day iTuesday) was oc
cupied with the trial of hand engines, after
which came the contest between the book and
ladder trucks. The first prize (Afisi) for hand
engines was awarded to Rough and Heady of
Westfield. (Button, builder.) which played I'.ri
feet 3 inches; the secomi (RMR) to Torrent of
Marlboro', (Jeffers, builder,) which played 191
feet 3 inches; the third to Tiger of
Lyun, (Jeffers, builder,) which played IMI feet
3 inches. The first prize (g-V) for hook and
ladder trucks was awarded to the I'nion (>f
Marlboro’, which ran a distance of bO rods
down Main street to the Trinitarian Chupch,
where a man was placed upon the nxif by
means of spliced ladder in 2 minutes and 5
seconds. This was one of the most interesting
and exciting features of the day's doings. The
decisions of the Judges were received with great
demonstrations of joy by those com|>anies who
were the winners of the prizes. A ball at the
Town Hall close*! the programme for the first
day and night of the muster.
Wednesday morning confirmed the predic
tion of O, I*robwhUities,*E.s«|., that rain would
prevail in New England. Notwithstanding the
unfavorable aspect, however, those of our fire
ami hose companies who were to partici|>atc in
the muster, arrived at the depot before half-past
six, and took the early morning train for their
destination over the Boston, Clinton and Fitch
burg Railroad. The following is a list of the
fire and hose companies that went from this
place and Ccntrd Falls:
DI CHICAGO.
•TKAKKB*.
Monitor X". Ilohn Brierlv. Foreman
Konith awl Keady No. 2 C.K. <be kerinz.
Palmetto No. X.r. B-aworth.
Pai iSeNo. I Thon.a* Spetw er.
Hough awl Ready. JrW H HaakvU. Jr.,
Hexter No I Kotorr J Snow, Foreman.
Hough awl Kewijy Nu. 2.... E. Bucklin, Jr.,
Hat! the weather been pleasant, the ride over
this mute would have been delightful; as it
was, the bold and picturesque landscape, clothed
ia autumnal garb, served to enliven the Jong
and somewhat tedious ride. Owing to a num
ber ot vexatious but perhaps unavoidable delays,
the train was nearly two hours behind time,
arriving in Fitchburg twenty minutes before
twelve o'clock. By this tuns the grand proces
sion of steamers and hose companies was over,
and the trial of the former had begun. The
Pawtucket and other steamers which arrived
late to<A their position in the rear, and patiently
awaited their turn. The rain, which fell in
occasional light showers, did not interfere with
the plans which were announced in the pro
gramme. A light breeze prevailed at intervals,
but only once or twice was it of sufficient pow er
to vary the course of the streams. Owing to
the large num tier of steamers, two were allowed
to play al the same time, and the arrangements
which wens made to that effect were success
fully carried out. Two judges were stationed
at each engine: two each at the nozzles, and
two each were appointed to measure the
streams. Tlie tank from which the water was
drawn was supplied by two steamers which
were stationed at the river, and which proved
ina«le<|uate a number of tinn-s to furnish the
requisite amount, thus causing frequent delay*
of the trial. E* h engine drafted its own wa
ter, played through *W feet of hose and used
such nozzle as they saw fit. The steam pres
sure was Kmited to I'o pounds, and each
steamer was allowed twenty minutes from the
time when called to set and play. Engines of
more than cubic inches in water cylinder
were rated as first class; all under as second
class. All but two steamers came under the
latter head. Owing to many hindrances—of
some of which we have spoken—the play ing,
which liegan at half past nine in the moruing,
was not concluded until after four o'clock in
the afternoon. Twenty-six entries were made,
but only twenty were present. The following
table gives tlie names of engines and builder*,
where from, and the distance played in feet and
inches. The distances are cophd from the
official list, and may be relied on as accurate:
Wier. Fro*. fr.
<e>v. IJnr.4n, Wovraitrr. Silstee. its h
Wawoiwow, W.FiUht»-g, Jix'ket, ls 3
fo'IM-ne. Fltrhbarx. Am—keag, 1«2
paielorw. Fitchburg. Jixket. l!»j
Am<«k>'«r, M.ue'iotrr, Anioekrag, r'ibmt.
w»biu»tt. Finhlxirg. Jacket, n* 5
Itaniel Welmter, xiubri lgr, Ainokeag. r'dvut.
Somerville, Somerville. Ilunneiuan. 212 s
Ath-4. Athol. Jia-ket. jm
Fire King, Manchester, Anemkeag. 211 fi
Jaa-kai’n, We»tl>>ro*, llunnetuan. 1-s lo
F-agle. Nalkk. Jacket, 2U 3
Naahna. Arn -k.-ag, 2*4! a
Koa«b A KraJv, Pawtii. k-1, <*<4r Hr-m, 213 11
t'UntoA. Clinton. <’>4e Bnw- 217 3
FactSe, Central Falla. Cole Bn•» IM
Falmetta, FawtmflMV, Jeffers. 214 111
Amfovrr, An-lover, Ju-ket, l»u 9
Maaitnr. I'awtu- ket, JeWera, 9SC 2
Metacouiet, Fitchburg, Jacket, 2nj
From the above it will be seen that the Atnos
keag machines, aa usual, carried off the leading
prize of >l'») for first class engines, it being
awarded to the Fire King of Manchester, N. IL
The first prize of for second class machines
was awarded to the Niagara of Nashua, N. 11,
the second prize of $lOO to the Clinton, a Cole
Bros, machine of Clinton, Mass, and the third
prize of fiOri was given to the Palmetto, a Jef
fers machine of Pawtucket It will also be
noted that the Pacific steamer did not come up
to h«-r record at Newport, where she played
feet 10} inches. It will also be observes! that
the Monitor fell short of the distance played at
Newport, which was 213 feet ttj inches, but the
Monitor boys were content to rest on their lau
rels then so Justly won. and they did not wish
to appear selfish on this occasion, and conse
quently played an easy—yet excellent—stream,
that others might secure a better chance to win
a prize. On this, as on previous occasions, the
Monitors acted the part of gentlemen through
out the entire trip, and, as far as our observation
goes, all our firemen behaved in a creditable
manner. The Rough and Ready male an ex
cellent improvement on her time at Haverhill
on the :MHh of September of last year, when
she played but I*4 feet 9 inches, and it will be
seen that she trod closely on the heels of the
Palmetto, there being a difference of a fraction
over a foot between their streams. The Fire
King, which took the first class prize, did not do
so well as at Haverhill,*here she threw a stream
219 feet l'» inches. As we have stated, the Pal
metto, which was built by our townsman. Wil
liam Jeffers, took the third prize, thus making
two prizes tliat have been brought to Pawtucket
within a fortnight. Our firemen on al) sides
ought to be contented with that result, and we
are glad to learn that no hard feelings exist
about the matter.
The Jucket machines, which were built in
Fitchburg, proved formidable opponents of their
rivals, the Am.Mkeags,and one of them, the
A th-4 of Ath<d, Ma-*s, playe-l a fine stream
under many disadvantages. At one time she
sent her stream with much force, passing some
ten feet over the head* of the judges, but from
some cause this was not allowed. Her stream
on the boards was allowed a* 233 feet, and it
was confidently reckoned that one prize would
be hers, but the decision of the judges cut
down the distance enonnoudy, and wises we
left Wednesday evening, we learned that the
company had entered a pnHest. but are not
aware at the present writing that the decision
has been reversed.
HOSB CVIWrABIES.
The little steamer Rough and Ready. Jr,
was at live muster, where.o( course, it became a
general favorite. W« are informed that it threw
a stream of water 7" feet, when a gentleman
whose name is unknown to us stepped up and
presented the person in charge of the engine
with 110, as evidence of the pleasure experi
enced in witnessing ita 1-erfonnance.
Tlie trial of hose companies, which w.;s an
nounce.! to take place immediately after the
trial of the steamers, was bejun. owing to lack
time, more than an h.-ur before it was an
ticipatr.l, and many of the members of the
companies were not aware of the tart until it
was tis» late to fall in. This was jtarticularly
the of the Rough and Reaily Hose Com
ply, which did not come to tune, and was
-leturred from entering the contest Nearly
all the men were watching the playing of the
'teamen, and knew nothing of the state of
affain until the running was nearly roncluled.
Had they been allowed to enter, they w- -uld have
given their o Kites tan is a hard run. The streets
were heavy with mud. which made it very hard
work for the men. The rule was for each com
pany to run Mi rod* with their own carriage
and lay 300 feet at hose. The following I* a
list of tlie companies which participated, where
from, and their tune in minute* and seconds:
Osvysalrz. IFkere Fma». Aria. Xee.
Pcpnar..*, Msncboter. N. H, 2 S»
Vester, Pawtu-krt. R. 1, 3 in
'OM. Vr.Ktvwtar. Mass, 3 20
Intent. Bro.-kline. Man 3
Indrprbdeat H<ae, Waltham. Maaa, 3 13
Ea<le. W. Kiester. Maaa, 3
Franklin. CharMovn. Mam, 2 At
Wua»an.r, Losninater, Mam, 3 13
The first prize of $73 was awarded to the
Franklin Howe Company of Charlestown, Maaa.
The second prize of $23 was awarded to tlie
Pennacook Hose Company of Manchester, N.
H. Dexter Hom Company of this place stands
fifth on the list. The victorious comjiaiiies
upon learning the result, cried with a loud voice
Hose anna," and immediately went into the
brs-m business.
The muster, not*itli-landing the unfavorable
weather, may, on the whole, be set down as a
grand success, drawing together many thou
sands of people, and the various committees
endeavored to do their duty iu a fair and im
partial manner.
The evening trains which left Fitchburg were
crowded with returning firemen and accompa
nying citizens. Many of our firemen and citi
zens took the 3.20 P. M. train for home, but a
large number waited an hour later to accom
pany their machines. A number who did not
wear a fireman's uniform were also of the party.
They came as far as Mansfield, where they were
obliged to anchor" on a side track over
night, arriving here at 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. Among those who came so near to return
ing the same way that it can be measured only
in theory, was tlie writer hereof and another
member of the newspaper fraternity. Both
waited in the reporters’ room until the last
minute, in order to get the report of the judges,
which was finally handed them, and they im
prove! on the lime of tlie hose companies in
running to the depot, which they reached just
as the train —well, never mind about particulars,
they arrived home in safety at nine o'clock the
same night, each agreeing that it was the hard
est day's work of the year, and both mutually
wishing, during their long ride of seventy-three
miles, that if another muster should be pro
mised before reaching home it would end like
the curling wreaths from their fragrant Phin
ney's—in smoke. l.
THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
The voting on Mon.lay last on the proposed
amendments to the constitution ot this Xtate
resulted as we supposed it would so far as tlie
fifth article that abolishing the distinction
between naturalized And native born citizens—
was concerned, but we did not suppose that
anybody would take the trouble to vote against
the seventh article —that prohibiting tlie u-e
of the State's money to aid and support sec
tarian schools; and so much has been said
against the registry tax that we thought there
was a possibility that three-fifths of those who
should go to the polls would vote for the sixth
article. But all three of them were buried in a
common grave, and we hope they will be per
mitted to lie there quietly for the pre-enL We
do not yet believe that a majority of the people
of Rhode Island «ho are voters, or who could
make themselves voters, are in favor of the
registry tax, but we do believe that there is a
majority, and a large one, who are either in
favor of it or do not care enough aliout getting
rid of it to take the trouble to vote against it.
We give the returns as we find them in the
Providence Journal. It will lie seen that a
large numlMT of voters kept away from the
polls, and that three towns had not been
hear! from:
Art. V. Art. VI. Art. VII.
Adopt Itrj.rt Adopt Adopt tteject
l-Rot lICKM'E cuISTY.
Pr.vi.|rti.e IM* 1133 IMS 1101 IST*
Smitblirkl 3* IT 44 9 44 11
Scituate4o I'2 W I'M IKS 23
Gl<><r*ter 73 39 74 3K M 19
CuiulM-r1aa.1.... 49 I«S3 S 3 151 M 13*
Cran5t0n......... 7o 71 so M 52
Johnatontoo 77 114 M 129 43
N. Provi<lencr....Vis 443 539 343 4K2 346
Foster H 124 44 97 69 4k
Burrillvillest 121 s 4 Its 194 5
E. Prnviilence .79 51 72 .W> 93 .’l5
Pawtnckrtl*7 162 903 147 342 110
Woowaockat ....'l9l 23* 311 407 16
42 2» 95 2"3 97 19»
N. Sniilhtirl'l.... 22 K 7 24 *7 l')9 2
T0ta12167 3*97 2942 32*2 »i 34 2323
XEWH.BT COCWTT.
Newportl» 39* 216 3*5 442 231
Portent..uth 10 76 13 73 37 49
N. Shoreham
Jameetoern 6 16 It 7 IS 6
MkMletown 7 19 5 21 1* 9
Tiverton.. t» T 1 6 19 12 1*
Little Compton 10 20 12 22 8 19
Total2lo
WASRIXOTOX col XTT.
WeMerly 15 253
X. Kin|p>t<>«n
S. Kina»«<-wn... 60 265 2 ‘JVI MS 225
liarlr»t..wn.... 51 19 40 43
Kxeter.
Richmond 21 w< 22 W 74
Hopkinton 6 136 1 143 lk> 2
Total 118
KEXT ccIIXTV.
Warwick 4'» 4»h <j| 17f> 140 422
E. Hrwnik h.,, «e» 9t» 73 rjo 43
W. Greenwich 6 4 W 14 HO
Coventry >5 ,H 30 IM 2J It*
T0ta1......... 139
lIKI*TI>L CUI NTT.
Bristol nj 3M 68 ."M2 150 317
Warren 50 143 55 136 62 119
Barrington tl 65 11 64 1* .'9
Total 150 239 135 542 230 495
REc AI-lri LATfoR BY COI KTIEK.
Pr'-rnlenee .**67 SMS 3UW2 3694 2323
Newport 240 332 366 527 51* 322
Washington 11* 793 71 756 353 541
Kent 139 ss.s r«* *56 303 743
Bristol 150 239 136 542 230 4%
Total3ll4 use. 'sum 4124
CUMBEKLAXn.
Ist IM»tri. t 20 30 22 28 20 15
M IMstrht 29 133 31 123 3H 121
Total 49 163 53 151 56 136
south raovitMtxt
lot Districtl:«9 2*6 ”39 201 227 196
24 ItHtriet 161 102 165 !<2 10S 1«»4
31 District 145 55 lit 50 153 46
Total 505 443 539 343 4*2 346
»:S«T FROVIDEXCE.
lot IHotriet 40 44 38 45 4* 27
»1 District 38 7 34 11 45 8
Total 79 51 72
llwtlV.
lot District 37 216
2*l District 5 42
Total 42 25* 95 293 97 198
Rain. —But little rain fell here for several
weeks prior to day before yesterday, and the
streams and wells were low and the ground
quite dry. Rain was greatly needed, and on
the Morning of day before yesterday it com
menced filling, and continued to fall afmost
continuously for more than twenty-four hours.
It was very heavy on Wednesday night. The
Blackstone was raised considerably yesterday,
and we think the rain will have an effect upon
the wells. weather yesterday was cooler
than it had been, and we sbaU'probably have a
new crop of ice ere long.

The Abell Estate.—Attention is directed
to a notice in another column of the sale of the
Abell estate, so called, on Tuesday next, at
eleven o'clock in the forenoon. It affords a
rare opportunity to purchase real estate in a
good business locality, w hether for occupation
or investment.
Mi ster Items.—Of the four Jeffers engines
at die Fitchburg muster three of them took
prices—one steamer and two band engines.
The Clinton steamer which took the second
prize of sl'o at Fitchburg was built by Messrs.
Cole Brothen of this place.
Adjovrned Sale.—An adjourned sale of
building squares" on the Star plat wiil
take place on Wednesday next, at 10| o’clock
A. M. See advertisemenU
Bat Statk Fim h»ri«i(t Co.,
Worn gsTKB, October 10, 1071.
To<’ha». A. Wajusd, Agent. Pawtnekot:
Tlii' Company tnkeo pleasure in inf arming yon that
m the 4nHNW lire at CLxago it ba» km only *s«w».
at the ontside.
First National Fire Ixsi kaxck Co..
WoBCKSTKR, October 9. IK?I.
To Cba*. A. W aKLAxd. Agent, Pawtucket:
Ifear Sir.— Appreciating the feeling of anviety and
distrust of uuwl by the fearful rontlagra
rton new raging in Chkagn, we write to any that our
roOrr mwosaf at risk in that city is but serewry-kr
ksmfrvd Julian. Whether or not any portion of thia
i» burned we .-annot now state, but am>ummg the worst,
you ran assure your patron* that the solvency of the
Finn National" it in no way affected by thia fire.
Yours truly,
GEO. P. FIELD. General Agent.
t'opteaof Tke (IsmtaMa, the largest andm wt popu
lar weekly paper of the E|*so>i<U Church. may he ob
tained every Satunlay al the periodical More uf E. H.
IHz 57 Main street. Price 7 cents. Subscriptious ale-'
received. g.t.08 per year.
The “old lady" oat west. who ran away with a
pe-liar becanse be could whistle better than her bus
ban-!. bag at length returned to her first home. Her
hustmn-l having bought a MoniUr Coffee Pot. she to at
length satisfied in having good coffee and plenty of
Whistling lesi-ieo. Sold only at H. B. CabfeateWs
Crockery Store. 27 Mill street. Pawtucket. K, I.
Bi t the beat article, the Haltobh Talks Saccz
PAWTUCKET GAZETTE AND CHRONICLE.
SSI 518 322
243 23 232
71 756 353 541
656 303 743
Ni 164 90 157
”39 7 41
W. S. DAVIS.
President.
intelligence.
MEETING TO AID THE CHICAGO SUFFERERS
We feared that we should bare to go to presa
tliis week without anything in our columns on
the subject of Pawtucket aid to the sufferers
by the Chicago calamity unless we took the
responsibility of saying it ovnelres; and we
therefore received with pleasure yesterday af
ternoon the notice of a meeting to-mor
row evening, which bears the names of the
Presidents of the Town Councils of North
Providence and Pawtucket. We hope the
meeting will be well attended, and that those
in distress and affliction will be cared fur by
those who are able to help them. Aid has
gone forth, or will, from all parts of the coun
try. and Pawtucket ought to be in the list of
the givers. We are informed that quite a
number of private contributions have already
been made and forwarded by our citizens.
“THE CHICAGO CALAMITY ITS VOICE TO
THE NATION.”
The above will be the theme of a sermon to
be preached by llev. 8. L. Gracey on Sunday
evening next, at 7 o'clock, in the Methodist
Episcopal Church, on High street, when a col
lection will be taken in aid of the sufferers by
the great calamity that has fallen ujion our
western metropolis.
To the Congregation of St. PauTa Church
The House of Bishops now in session at Bal
timore have requested that a Chicago collection
be made in all our churches next Sunday. Our
own hearts respond to this call. The suffering
and the dying cry for help. Large liberality for
large necessity is the demand of the hour. An
offering for this purpose will lie received next
Sunday afternoon. E. 11. Pouter, Rector.

The Sale of Reserved Seats. —We
trust that none of our readers will forget the
sale of reserved seats for the ninth course of
Library Association lectures, which takes place
at Wilkinson's bookstore to-morrow (Saturday)
morning, at eight o'clock precisely. The lecture
committee will use their utmost endeavors to
render the sale satisfactory to all the pur
chasers of tickets. We trust that their efforts
to furnish our citizens with a first class course
of lectures will meet with a hearty response.
Full particulars in regard to the sale will be
found in our advertising columns.
John B. Gough will open the course on
Thursday evening next, October I'Jth, in
Armory Hall, with his new lecture entitled
Will it Pay The second entertainment of
the course will be a vocal and instrumental
concert, and on Friday evening, November
24th, Rev. W. H. H. Murray of Boston will lec
ture before the Association. We- are unable to
make further positive announcements at this
time.
The Ordinance which appeared in our
paper last week in regard to hacks, horse cars,
express wagons, etc., has created considerable
commotion concerning the projier place for the
location of the hacks and express wagons.
Messrs. Rounds and Coyle, proprietors of hacks
N<>s. 1 and 2, have taken up their quarters in
Baptist Lane, near Fisk «k Co.’s drug store,
ami other of our hackmen on High stieet,
while Mr. Aldrich receives orders upon the
street, and despatches his express wagons at
once. We wish some convenient place could be
found where our hackmen and expressmen
might be accommodated with suitable room for
their vehicles, and yet not be so far away as not
to be easily accessible when wanted. It had
become almost a necessity to do something to
relieve some of our streets of the crowd which
frequently rendered traveling through them
difficult if not impossible. The action of the
Council accomplishes something in this direc
tion, and when the new bridge is thrown ojs n
to the public more will lie accomplished.
Suicide.—Eben Baxter was found hanging
by the neck, dead, in his house on Brook street,
east side, on Friday night last. He was left by
bis wife while, as we understand, under the in
fluence of liquor, in the evening, and being
missed when she returned, search was made
for him, and he was found in a closet as stated.
An inquest was held on the body by Coroner
Pearce, and the jury found it to be a case of
suicide. We infer from what we hear that the
decea«ed. who was a laborer thirty-five or forty
years of age, was disposed to be industrious
and well behaved, but was driven by domestic
difficulties to try to drown his troubles in liquor,
and that the attempt increased instead of dimin
ishing them.
Fire. —About a quarter past five o'clock on
Monday morning last, the inmates of the dwel
ling house of Simon W. Dexter on Walcott
street, east side, were aroused from their slum
ber by a dense and almost suffocating smoke
which filled the building. An alarm of fire was
raised, and the firemen am! their engines were
quickly on hand. It was found that the smoke
came from the cellar, where a partition had
taken fire from ashes which were deposited
several months ago in a barrel standing near the
partition. The flames were extinguished be
fore they bad done more damage than to char
the lower floor of the house, but the intel lor of
the building was somewhat discolored by smoke
and steam.
The Odd Fellows Demonstration.—
The indications at the present writing are that
the Odd Fellows demonstration here on the
25th instant will surpass anything of the kind
which has ever taken place in Rhode Island.
From all parts of the State favorable rejiorts
are received. In Providence a great degree of
intesest is manifested in regard to the matter,
and it is expected that even Lodge and En
campment will be represented by good numliers.
Good Samaritan Lodge of this place has se
cured the services of Gilmore's Band. In our
next we shall be able to give full particulars.
Miss Stanton's Lecture.— Miss Kate
Stanton of Providence opens the lecture season
in this place this evening at Armory Hall by
delivering an independent lecture on a subject
which must possess deep interest to the un
married, namely, Whom to Marry.” Miss
Stanton an eloquent speaker, and will doubt
less treat the topic in an interesting and enter
taining manner. Tickets, with reserved seats,
may be secured at Wilkinson's.
Fatal Accident. A brakeman named
Knapp, on the mid-day Boston freight train,
was instantly killed yesterday at Central Falls,
while the train was in motion. It is supposed
he was knocked from the top of the first car
by his head coming in contact with the Cress
street bridge. His body was horribly mangled,
the entire train passing over him. He was
unmarried, and belonged in Groton, Mass.
Improvements and Contemplated Im
provements.—Pawtucket is certainly exhib
iting a good deal of spirit in the way of improve
ments. We are now building a commodious
hotel, a fine depot, a large thread mill, and a
substantial stone bridge. Among the contem
plated improvements is the widening of Main,
High and Exchange streets.
Dramatic.—This evening, at Battery Hall.
Mr. James M. Ward, the talented young Amer
ican actor, will appear in J. McCloskey's great
drama. “Through by Daylight,” which was
played by him in New York one hundred nights
with great success. Seats may lie obtained at
Wilkinson's.
Masonic. —We understand that Holy Sepul
chre Encampment of this place will visit Bos
ton on Monday next to participate in the laying
of the corner stone of the new post office
building. They will be accompanied by the
Foxbore’ Brass Band.
Religious.—A large congregation assembled
on Sunday afternoon last in the First Methodist
Episcopal Church to listen to the first of a series
of sermons on Character by the pastor.
Rev. S. L. Gracey. The second, on “Social
Character "will be given next Sun.lay afternoon.
Evening Schools.—Evening schools will
be commenced on the west side as soon as the
necessary arrangements for the same are com
peted.
Military.—A special meeting of the Paw
tucket Horse Guards will be held this evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Town Hall, east side.
1. O. F.—An important special meeting of
Manchester Encampment will be held on Mon
day evening next, at 7j o'clock.
A firemen's muster in Pawtucket another
year is among tire things talked of by our fire
men.
Railroad Fare*.—A rule was adopted re
cently by the Providence and Worcester Rail
road Company requiring of passengers who
paid their fares on the cars/re rente more than
tliey are required to pay if they purchase their
tickets at the stations. This rule, as we un
derstand it, was made with eeperial reference
to the travel between Pawtucket and Provi
dence and between Providence and Pawtucket,
while, of course, it applies to travel the entire
length of the road. We understand that it has
for some time past been the practice of a num
ber of |«rsons who are regular passengers daily
on the hourly trains between the places
above named, to hand the conductors of those
trains twenty, ten or five dollar bills from
which to take the fare of ten rente, particularly
if the cars were crowded, and as the conduc
tors bad no alternative than to stop and make
the change, it of course hindered them in col
lecting all of the fares of the passengers before
the trains arrived at the stations. The conse
quence was that the thing became such a nui
sance ai.d annoyance that the officers of the n a 1
deu r uined to put a stop to it, and we believe
that the course adopted by them will accom
plish the end sought, inasmuch as the fun of
the thing” is not so easily seen or so much en
joyed when it draws upon the pockets of those
who have hitherto indulged it, although to
some others it may seem a little hard to be
obliged U> pay five cents extra for a ride to or
from Providence because they have not pro
vided themselves with a ti&et. But we under
stand that when the sum of ten rente is handed
to the conductors it is always received by them
as the fare between Pawtucket and Providence
or between Providence and Pawtucket, as in
that ease no delay or trouble is occasioned them
in making change. As we have before said,
this is our understanding of the matter.
It is very natural for some people to find
fault with the conductors because they are
obliged to pay the extra five cents when they
present a bill to pay their fare, and to insinuate
that the rule is one of their own making, while
the falsity of the accusation is easily exposed
by a single glance at the placards posted In all
of the cars, showing that the rule emanated
from the headquarters of the company in
Providence. It should be borne in mind by
travelers that railroad conductors are the ser
vants of the corporations by whom they are
employed, and are in duty bound to enforce its
rules and regulations,however unpleasant it may
at times be to them personally. As the design
of the rule referred to in this article is to oblige
l>assengers to purchase their tickets before enter
ing the cars, or provide themselves with suita
ble change to pay their fares, we advise them
to do so in all cases, and if they do not, why then
do not find fault with the conductors for what
you are to blame for yourselves. Our own expe
rience is that the conductors on the Providence
and Worcester Railroad—Messrs. Capron, Taft,
Sherman, Amsden, Holbrook, Mowry, Cole and
Chamberlain—are gentlemanly and courteous
in their deportment, and accommodating and
obliging to a degree unsurpassed by those upon
any other railroad in New England, if, indeed,
in the country.
An Old Citizen.—Old indeed. Ninety-two
years. This large number tells how long one
of our citizens has been among the children of
men. Last Tuesday marked another anniver
sary for the venerable Dr. Benedict <if course,
the day was not suffered by his children and
friends to pass by without recognition. To the
home of the patriarch they came in scores,
children and grand-children and great-grand
children from near and from far, other relatives
and friends from Pawtucket ami Providence, to
pay their respects, to offer their congratulations,
to sit with him at his board, to spend an hour
or two in social intercourse, to receive bis bene
dictions, and, if it may be said, to give theirs.
Few in the cheerful company were fuller of life,
entering into the passing scene more heartily,
than the old and honored one himself.
Many now live as long as men used to live,
in the days of our fathers, though we carelessly
think otherwise. Some live to be old, yet re
main young and interested in current affairs.
Few, however, attain this great age, and fewer
still, relics of a far bygone generation, live so
much and so intelligently in the present, noting
with the interest of earlier years what takes
place at home and abroad. Providence must
have dealt gently with him. May the same
kindness mark the remaining of his allotted
days.
Complaint of Street Obstruction.—
A correspondent complains to us of what he
considers to be an an unjustifiable obstruction
with building materials of one of the streets on
the west side of the river, and he seems to
think that the obstruction would not be toler
ated it it were for the accommodation of an
individual instead of a corporation. We pre
sume the corporation referred to is not at ail
responsible for the obstruction, whether that
lie necessary and justifiable or not. It is almost
always necessary when a new building is put
up to more or less obstruct the streets in its
immediate vicinity. If the obstruction is
greater or is continued longer than is necessary,
there are officials whose duty it is to attend to
its removal or reduction, and we presume they
will attend to any case of the kind to which
their attention is directed.
Palmetto Steam Fire Engine, a third
class double engine built by William Jeffers
of this place, was taken to the muster at Fitch
burg, Mass., on Wednesday last, by an inde
pendent company, formed for that occasion
only. This engine was the smallest upon the
ground with the exception of one fourth class
engine, the capacity of her cylinder being 176
cubic inches, and took the third prize in a trial
of twenty steamers. It was stated by some
of the members before leaving Paw tucket that
they should have a turkey supper provided
they took a prize, which was done, an 1 the
supper will probably take place before long.
A meeting is to be held this evening to make
arrangements for that purpose.
Eagle Market Farm Vegetables.—
Those who would like to see what such soil as
is found on Seekonk Plains can be made to
produce, should look at the display of vegetables
in one of the windows of the Eagle Market in
•Pleasant street which came from the Eagle
Market Farm. Such squashes, beets, turnips,
cabbages and potatoes ought to be satisfactory
to the tiller of any kind of soil in any part of
the country. They prove that a great deal of
land is lying useless in this vicinity which
might lie made to yield splendid crops, and that
much land which yields hardly enough to be
worth harvesting would yield ten times as
much if it was properly treated.
Large Apple.—We have seen this season
a great large apples, but the largest one
which our eyes have rested upon grew on the
premises of Mr. John Lavery, on High street
This apple measured fifteen inches in circum
ference and weighed a pound and a quarter. It
is called The Beauty of Kent” The apple
ha* been exhibited in Mr. H. B. Carpenter's
window, and that gentleman requests us to say
that the statement in the Providence Journal
that it is fifteen inches in diameter is a mis
take. The expectation of seeing such an apple
as that would draw larger crowds in front of
his store than are agreeable.
Vkiting Odd
camptnent of Mil Fellows was visited on Mon
day evening last by laige delegations from the
Mosbaaauck Encampment of Providence and
Palestine Encampment of Woonsocket, the
latter arriving by the “overland route.” At
the close of the regular work of the evening,
the visitors were escorted to the restaurants of
Messrs. Dispeau and Kennedy, where all par
took «>f refreshments, and an hour was spent in
friendly intercourse. The affair was a very
pleasant one, and was well enjoyed by the visit
ing brethren.
Y. M. C. A.—A meeting of the members of
the Young Men's Christian Association will be
held on Monday evening next, at 8 o'clock, at
the office of Thomas P. Bamefield, Es<;.. in
Manchester Block, for the purpose of choosing
delegates to the State Convention of Young
Meli's Christian Associations to be held in
Bristol on Wednesday and Thursday of next
week. The sessions of the Convention will be
held in the Congregational Church. Bristol.
Gilmore's Band of th:s place wiU accom
pany the Calvary Commandery of Providence
to Bost-n on Monday next, on the occasion of
the laying of the corner stone of the new post
office building.
Pewonal.—C. B. Farnsworth, Esq., of this
place, is a delegate to the Episcopal General
Convention now being held ia Baltimore.
A Surprise and Presentation.—For near
ly fire years Mr. John Bishop of this village
has been foreman of L. Upham A Co.'s pattern
making establishment at Pawtucket, where he
has performed his duties in such a manner as
to win the confidence and esteem of his employ
ers and the respect and friendship of his fellow
workmen, and on Thursday of last week, that
day being Mr. B.'s forty-sixth birth-day, they
resolved to give him a call, and in the evening
they assembled at bis bouse on Cross street,
“fully armed and equipped," and entered with
out ceremony ami took possession. Mr. Bishop
immediately surrendered, and the invaders, after
loading the table with eatables, invited their
prisoner and his better-half to partake, after
doing which, Mr. C. 11. Brayman, in behalf of
the visitors, presented Mr. B. with a beautiful
chromo representing a collection of fruit. The
remainder of the evening was spent in the usual
way, and all retired with the satisfaction of
having participated in a surpri->e that will not
soon be forgotten.
“A Clean Shave.”—Last Tuesday, a man
named Harry Mowry of Cumberland came into
market with a load of onions to dispose of, and
on arriving at Valley Falls concluded to get
shaved. Leaving his horse standing in the
street, he entered a shop with the stri]>ed sign
over the door, and under the soothing influence
of the barber's touch soon became oblivious to
passing events outside. In the meantime a
youngster, who was evidently in want of funds,
if not of free lodgings on the State farm, appro
priated the horse and onions to his own use,
and made for this village with all possible speed,
where he commenced selling the onions from
house to house for hcenty-fire cents per bushel.
Of course it did not take long to sell out, and
while at a place on Cross street the buyers were
suddenly surprised to see him drop bis measure
and onions and make a hasty departure (not
the new departure,) and upon looking up beheld
the owner, full of wrath and terrible impreca
tions, coming towards them at a rate of speed
which would have done credit to Goldsmith
Maid, having been more than an hour in search
of his stolen property. After a tew inquiries
the owner drove off thinking, no doubt, that
be had bad a clean share as well as a double
one, that would not soon pass from Ids memory.
Commenced.—Work on the new depot has
been commenced, and we hope will be prosecu
ted with energy, so as to get it closed in before
cold weather. When completed it will be much
more commodious than the one we now have,
and will be a great accommodation to our rap
idly growing population.
Public Recognition of a Pastor.—On
Wednesday evening last. Rev. C. W. Burnham
was publicly recognized as pastor of the Baptist
Church in this place. The inclemency of the
weather prevented a large attendance. The
order of exercises was as follows: Anthem.
We praise Thee," by the Sunday School choir;
Reading of the Scriptures and Prayer by Mr
C. A. Maryott; Hymn, by the choir; Sermon,
by Rev. N. C. Mallory of Lowell, from 2d Cor
inthians 4; 2—“ By manifestation of the truth,
commemling ourselves to every man's con
science, in the sight of God;” Prayer of Instal
lation, by Rev. A. T. Rose of Providence;
Hymn, by the congregation; Charge to the
Pastor, Rev. George Bullen of Pawtucket;
Hand of Fellowship and Adiiress to the Church,
by Rev. A. 11. Granger, D. D., of Providence;
Hymn, by the congregation; Benediction, by
the I'astor.
Council and Ordination.—An ecclesias
tical council will be held on Tuesday afternoon
next, at the Baptist Church in this place, for
the purpose of considering the expediency of
ordaining to the work of the gospel ministry
Mr. C. A. Maryott. The services of ordination
are expected to take place in the evening.
Tea Party.—The ladies of the Cumberland
Univenalist Sunday School will hold a tea party
on Wednesday ami Thursday evenings of next
week. As no n>oin of sufficient dimensions was
to l>e had in the vicinity of tl>e school house, it
will be held in the large building tielunging to
Mr. Alexander Thompson,on the Diamond Hill
road, where sufficient room will be found to ac
commodate all. Hot oyster and chicken suppen
will be served both evening*, ami refreshments
of all kinds will lie provided in abundance. The
affair is in the hands of those who understand
flie business, and if plea*ant weather should
prevail, their efforts will meet with success.
Insurance.—Under the present excitement
resulting from the Chicago conflagration it is a
relief to know that, though terrible losers. Sime
companies will nobly weather the stonn and
still give ample security to their policy holders.
The following companies have an agent in
town, (J. M. Daggett, Dean's Building,) and by
advices received this morning are eonnd even
after paying $2//>O,OOO or more to the Chicago
sufferers:
.Etna, Hartford, lose less than $2,000,000,
and will pay its Chicago 1 >*ses promptly, and
have its capital (three millions) entire, and a
surplus of a million dollars.”
Peoples of Worcester lose al the outside
$300,000, and will have their capital of $400,-
000, and a surplus of $250,000, intact.
Hanover of New York lose less than $250,-
000, and their capita) $400,000, and a surplus of
sloi>,Ooo. will remain.
Policy holders of these companies may feel
secure, and others who may wish insurance
will do well to call on the agent.
Rates of insurance have advanced all through
this as well as other sections of the country
from 20 to 50 p« r cent.
The jewelers in Attleboro' will probably
lose $lOO,OOO by the Chicago disaster. d.
Fire District. —A meeting of the legal
voters in School District Nos. 1 and 4 has loeen
called at Barden's Hall on Saturday evening,
October 14lh, to consider the expediency of
forming a Fire District which shall include all
the territory now comprised in the alove named
school districts. If this object shall be accom
plished, the project of procuring a good steamer
will probably be successful. Let all who feel
interested, then, in the matter of providing
better security against fire, be present, and
show their interest by their votes.
Small Pox.—One or two cases of variolous
disease are reported in Toad Alley." It is
not thought probable that the disease will
spread, if proper precaution is taken, but it
would be well for parents to see that their
children are fully protected by vaccination.
Medical men are often a*ked if vaccination
“runs out” in seven years. In a majority of
cases, one successful vaccination protects a per
son for life, but in about one-third of all cases
in which re vaccination is tried, it succeeds,
thus showing that the system was not fully
protected against the disease by the first vac
cination. This is also proved by the fact that
vaccinated persons have the varioloid. It is
now considered that re-vaccination affords the
fullest protection against the variolous disease
which it is possible to obtain. It is not material
at what period after the first vaccination, re
vaccination shall be performed. The best rule
is, vaccinate as long as it will take. c.
■Manchester En-
A New Business Enterprise.—Capt. E.
E. Lapham of Central Fails and Mr. Charles
D. Wood of Valley Falls, under the firm name
of Lapham A Wood, have commenced the
foundation of a new iron iuundry east of the
Providence and Worcester Railroad, and near
the junction of that r>ad with the Boston and
Providence Railroad. The indications are that
other buildings for manufacturing purposes will
soon be erected in that vicinity.
Fine Quince*. —Mr. George D. Street has
left with us some very handsome quinces which
grew <h> his fUace in Pawtucket that used to
lw4ong to Seekonk Plains. They are not as
large as some that we have seen, but they are
unusually large and free from bleuiisbes. and
have that rich yellow col<* which stamfe them
as superi< r fruit. We did not suppee it was
fossil k V» rai*e such quinces <hi S-ekonk
Plains larel.
Accident. —A man named Seeky. while en
gaged at work with a circular saw at the Union
Wadding Works on Friday f»»ren<«>n la*t. had
his kft hand so badly injured that it was found
ueces&ary to amputate all of the fingers and a
portion of the Land.
CENTRAL FALLS.
VALLEY FALLS.
LONSDALE.
CUMBERLAND.
ATTLEBORO’.
NORTH ATTLEBORO'.
[For the Gaxette and Cferoeide
THE HUTCHINSONS AGAIN
ANOTSEB TKMrUANCB CABI*AIUX nr TBX STATE.
The soccess of the meetings held with these
far-famed singers last year in different pans of
the State led to a desire to have them duplicated
this fall. In obedience to this feeling of the
public, wliose interests we serve, we commence
another campaign through the State on Satur
day at East Greenwich, and go from thence to
Washington county; thence to Newport on
Saturday, the 21st instant; and thence to Co
nan icut, Portsmouth and Bristol, reaching
Ifrovidence for the State Convention on Wed
nesday. the 25th instanL This is to be held in
the First Universalisl CTiureh on Westminster
street, and will represent the freshest thought
of the State on this question, if the signs of the
time* can be relied upon.
From thence we go to Woonsocket; thence
to tire western part of the Slate; coming back
to Pawtucket Friday, November 3d. Armory
Hall is secured for the occasion, and measures
will be adopted to fill it to overflowing with
children at 4 o'clock. The meeting will com
mence at 10 A. M. for prayer and conference
and free social discussion. Another general
meeting at 2P. M. All of the services in the
day time will be free to aIL In the evening
there will lie a Grand Temperance Concert—
speaking and singing—and n fee will be asked
at the door to meet the expenses of the cam
paign. Mrs. Churchill of Providence is engaged
to speak, and others will be announced in due
time. Let the good people of Pawtucket greet
us again with their presence.
11. W. Conant. Agent It. I. T. Union.
Destructive Fires in the West.—Fires
have prevailed this week in six or seven of die
northwestern counties of Wisconsin without a
parallel since the settlement of the country.
The ground and everything on it had become
very dry from protracted drouth, and water
was scarce, and as a general thing the efforts to
check the spread of the flames were unavailing.
The fires are said to have extended 120 miles,
and to have been thirty miles in breadth. A
large number of dwellings and barns, and a
vast amount of other kinds of property, were
destroyed. Some lives are reported to have
been losL Bears and other wild beasts were
driven from the woods, and were flying about
in every direction. Hundreds of square miles
of valuable pine forests are destroyed.
An immense conflagration has also been rag
ing in Minnesota. It extended a distance of
160 miles, and great damage was done to dwel
lings. the crops, etc. A large extent of terri
tory has also been burned over in Ohio. The
fires apitear to have been still burning at the
latest accounts.
The foregoing was prepared for our issue of
last week. The reports of the ravages of the
tires are fully confirmed by later accounts, and
not only this, but we are intormed that large
tracts of land in Michigan, Nebraska, lowa
and the Territory of Dakotah have also been
burned over. A vast amount of hay, grain,
timber, aiul innumerable buildings and other
kinds of property have been destroyed, and
many lives are known to have been lost in
vain efforts to stay the devouring element.
One party of thirty perished at the same place
and time. The primary cause of these destruc
tive fires is the severe drouth which has pre
vailed over the country, from the Rocky Moun
tains to the great lakes, since July last. The
grass on the prairies has been prematurely
dried by the sun, the forest trees have been
rendered combustible, and the turf under tliem»
formed from decayed vegetation, has been dried
into tinder, so that in many places whole rafts
of forest trees, undermined by fire, have fallen
into the surrounding flames. These combusti
ble materials were set on fire by s]>arks and
cinders from locomotives, and by the careless
ness of settlers, hunters and emigrants. The
fires apiiear to have been still raging in some
places at the latest accounts, and the people
were praying earnestly for rain.
From ths: Fab West. Our townsman
Capt. Albert Bliss receives Oregon and Wash
ington Territory |apers from a relative who
resides in that distant part of our extensive
country, ami he has had the kindness to send a
number of them to our office for our perusal.
In looking them over, we were led mentally to
remark. How sown a new country gets filled up
with civilization. The bitters” are in Wash
ington Territory in all their bitterness and heal
ing qualities, and French wines and brandy
are abundant, and pure liquors ap;war to be
as plenty as they are here. In the line of bit
ters they claim to have something new which
is called I‘ipifax Bitters,” which we infer,
from the picture ih the advertisement, are
made by a festive i»M>king fellow who has a
long tail, and a big feather in his hat, who
kicks up his heels higher than his bead, and
who dresses in a decidedly original style. We
think those bitters uiu-t be good. Some of the
advertisement have pictures of oyster shells in
them, and others pictures of sewing machines.
Fashionable tailor* and dress-makers are in full
bla*t there, and lawyers and doctors put their
cards in the papers. They have fairs and horse
racing. Masons and Odd Fellows, jxditics and
religion, and, in fact, pretty much eventhiug
that can be found in those parts of the country
that have been settled two or three hundred
years. In Vancouver, the prices of butter,
eggs, hams and various other articles do not
differ much from prices here, but the prices
of newspapers and the terms of advertising are
a good deal higher.
Republican Conventions.—The Republi
cans of Bristol county, Mass., are to bold a
convention in Taunton on the l‘.*th instant, to
noiniuate candidates for county offices to be
filled at the State election in Noveml>er. A
convention of the Republicans of the F’irst
Bristol Senatorial District will be hoiden in
Taunton on the same day to nominate a candi
date for Senator and transact other business.
The county convention will nominate candi
dates for sheriff, clerk of court*, county com
missioner, two special commissioners and com
missioners of insolvency. It seems probable
that the present incumbents will be renomina
ted. Taunton having had the Senator for sev
eral years, it is auppoead that the city will not
claim the honor of furnishing him longer, and
that Norton and Attleboro’ will c >nte>t in the
Senatorial convention for local representation
in the Senate. The names of Col. Blackinton
and Hon. John Daggett are spoken of as those
which Attleboro’ will present at the convention.

Baltimore has the reputation of being less
loyal than some other "cities in the Union,
but this would not seem to be because it is
less religious. The Sun of that city of Satur
day last contained seventy-three distinct and
separate notices informing the public where,
on the following day, there would be religious
services in the same numtier of different places;
and in addition to these there was a notice
stating that there would be on Sunday last
service* in twenty-one other places under the
auspices of the Society f..r the Increase of the
Ministry. Many services, we (resume, were
held of which no new*pa(>er notice was given,
and other services were probably advertised in
other papers than the Sun. And all the notices
in the Sun were puU for and in wlranre, just
as if they had been notices of auction sales or
theatrical or circus performances.
Elbctionb.—There was an eiectiwi in Texas
last week for tlie choice of four nietntiers of
Congress, and on Tuesday last, there were
elections in Pennsylvania. Ohio and lowa.
Tlie returns are yet imperfeej. bnt those received
make probalde if n<x certain that the BepuUi
cans more thvi held their own in Pennsylvania
and Ohio. There it nothing yet from lowa,
but that State doubtless went strongly R -pub
lican. The returns from Texas represent that
tl>e Democrats have improved their standing in
that State by electing all >jf the metnlrrs of
Concresa. Two years ago tl»ey carried but »ne
of the f<>ur districts.
Appointments.—Prescient Grant made a
numlier of appointments ow Saturday last,
among which waa that of Edwwd
to be Appraix-r of Merchandize for Dttoit,
Mich.
The Providence offi< iah> bat e ordered sto/KX)
to lie added totiie expei ah; urvs upm the famous
Point Street Bndge. Um* object ingt->*tret 2t1.-
eii that cefebrited atnurlure.
We learn tlu<t eff-rts are being male to secure
a more vigorous prosecuti .u of offefrees against
the liquor law in North Providence.
Attention is directed to Mr. <Msxge H. Davi-'s
advertisement of Dutch flowering tiufte few sale,
in another column.
(tomsponbcncf.
LIT Tn. nOM COLOIADO.
Greeley, CoL, Sept. 23,1871.
I boasted in a former letter that we did not
fear miasma in this country. I must ask leave
o withdraw that statement, for fevers have
visited us pretty generally since that writing.
The doctors call it typhoid. The city fathers
became so alarmed by it, that they concluded to
shut off the water from town, but as soon as
they promulgated their decree to that effect, it
raised such a hubbub among those who use the
water for household purposes, that they con
cluded to let It run, and. as one of them said to
me. let them all get the fever. It is not a very
dangerous kind, but 'tis expensive in this part
of the country, where doctors charge $2 for a
visiL
There has been a ditch made one mile and a
quarter long and thirty feet wide for mill power.
As soon as the water was let into it the wells
and cellars between it and the river began filling
with water. Some of the low lying gardens
overflowed also. But they tell us that as soon
a* the ditch bottom becomes puddled we will be
all right again.
It is melancholy to note the destruction in
field and garden caused by cattle. The colony
built a fence around a large tract at an expense
of sl6,(ioi», but it seems to be of little use.
Some living outside of town lines and inside of
the fence will lose about all their crops, and can
g-t no redress. It is rather discouraging, but it is
only one of the many things that the new set
tler has to meet in this vale of tears.
Two weeks ago we had three days of north
east wind and drizzle. It pinched us some
after our long hot summer. After it cleared up,
the mountains showed themselves. They had
not been visible for seven or eight weeks. But
in a short lime the tires in the woods got under
way again, and now we are enveloped in an at
mosphere of smoke.
I.ast Sunday week, the Baptist church, tlie
first church built in Greeley, was dedicated. It
cost about $OOOO. They wanted $2500 to finish
paying for iL Collections during the day and
evening more than raised the amount, so they
start out of debt.
We have had no frost here yet. Could you
see the flowers in the gardens here they would
surprise you. I think they don't grow as well
anywhere else as here.
The Territorial Fair was held at Denver last
week. Au extra on the D. P. road took the
Greeleyites dowu in tlie morning and back in
the evening, during the three days. If I told
what vegetables were there, eastern people
would think me wild. Beets three feet in cir
cumference, squashes six feet and under, pota
toes of 6 lbs. weight, Early Rose potatoes a foot
long and well proportioned, cabbages 50 lbs,
etc., etc. 1 shall get credit for telling enlarged
stories if I go on, so I'll go no further.
(For the Gazette and Chronicle.}
THE GIRLS IN OUR NORMAL SCHOOL.
If even a cat may look at a king,” may not
a person who has neither wisdom nor learning,
but a sincere respect for both, look at, or, if op
portunity offer, enter the temples dedicated to
these divinities?
Assuming such to be my privilege, I gave my
self the pleasure of a visit to our State Normal
School. I was thoroughly pleased with it, as it
seemed to me all must be who carefully observe
its workings, and thought, The pupils who
enjoy the benefits of this noble institution can
hardly fail to become successful teachers."
Then I looked more earnestly at the studious
figures around me. There were many good,
sweet, thoughtful, intelligent faces, but few,
very few, bright, blooming, healthy ones. Why
were those girls in their teens hollow-eyed, sal
low-faced, |iale-lip|>ed A glance at their slen
der waists, reduced to about half tlfeir natural
size by those ingenious instruments of torture
called corsets, answered me, anil I thought,
with a shudder, of the imprisoned lungs, more
starved for oxygen than ever the Andersonville
prisoners were for food, and of the unpurified
blood creeping feebly and sluggishly through
their veins. It is strange that teachers and
those intending to become such should so wan
tonly violate Nature's laws. Untiring energy
of mini! and body, boundless patience, and un
failing calmness, do not come from diseased
organism. These are the outgrowth of a sound
mind in a aound body. Of course, those young
tallies “don't care,” and their dresses are “as
loose as can be,” but I think some one should
impress upon their minds the fact that if they
would attain the highest success in their chosen
vocation, they must allow themselves to look a
little more like the I’enus de Medici.
An Old Fashioned Girl.
Michigan Apples.—Ours is a fortunate
country in one resjiect, however it may be con
sidered in others. Although a crop may fail in
some parts of it, that crop is almost certain to
succeed in other parts. Here in New England
the apple crop this year is a failure, white in
Michigan, if not in other parts of tlie west,
the crop is larger than it ever was before.
In Michigan, fall apples are selling at from
$1 to SIAO per barrel, and winter apples at
from $l-50 to $2 per barrel, and immense quan
tities of them have already been shipped to
other parts of the country. It seems to us
that the apples which have been exposed for
sale in Pawtucket this season are larger and
handsomer than they ever were before. It is
difficult for dealers to measure some of them
in a quart measure.
It will be seen by tetters in another column,
that the First National and the Bay State Fire
Insurance Companies of Worcester, Mass., of
which Charles A. Warland of Pawtucket is
agent, were fortunate in having but small
amounts at risk in Chicago at the time of the
terrible conflagration in that city.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
Storie* from Oij> F.xglish Poets. By A'>by Sage
KkLar<l»>u. New York: Hurd A Houghton.
Mr*. Richardson *ay» in Ibe preface, she baa done for
the children, in writing'tbb t>ook, what abewould hare
been grateful to have had done for her. when a child.
The stories, Are from Chancer, four from SjerseT. and
seven from Shak.jeare, preserve the inetdenta and
lessons <>f the originals, but are clothed in language
adapted to the understanding of children, and calcu
lated to please and improve. Both |«rcnts and children
w ill be grateful to the author for her pleasant book.
For sale by Gladding, Bro. 4 Co., Prevalence.
Fora *sn What They Dn«. By Helen C. Weeks
Illustrated. New York; Hurd A Houghton.
The author of this interesting story is well known for
her "Ainslee Stories” and other works. In the present
volume site tells the experiences of f ur children tn the
far west—Johnny, Winthrop. Alhe and the baby. Tlie
story cannot fail to interest the young folks, who. we
are sure, win be eager to reail the volume through
without laving it down. Foe sale by Gladding. Bro. A
Co., Providence.
Tnr. CLO'KB AKER SkYIKM A*l> DoDMIS OF SAB-
nrt Slick of Slickville. Bv Thomas chan Iler
Hall burton. New York: Hurd A Hougbt-m.
The Cteckmaker originally aj ieared in the form
of a series of letters to the Nova Scotian newspaper,
in 1*35. Since that time there Las been several
editions of the letters printed in book form. But the
volume before us, from the Riverai-le Press, with illus
trations by liarley. sun«sses any other which we have
seen. It is unnecessary for us to speak <4 Sam Slick,"
far the name long ago Irscame as familiar as household
words. For sale by Gladding. Bro. A Co., Providence.
Tir —Now that the vear is drawing to a cl.ae,
the true Value of this remarkable serial l-w .-mes tire
more sptaront. ami when bound with the handsome
Christmas nuinler wbk-b is |eumisrd, will make one of
tire r> best and m-»t charming volumes it is |s«mtde to
p-aus-ss. Rich as have been aU the )-rw-e<iing issues in
Ul jstratiou. the numler for <ivtoter tairlv e» lipsvs all—
both as regards quantity and analitv. tire'subjects Isdng
m -re varied an-1 more fullv des. nbe.l than has l«-n
ns-ial. which is an agroeai-ie feature. T!>e literarv <le
jwr ment is up to tire standard, and is filled'with
am i sing and entertaining ani. lea. The general get up
sod exhibits the aanre care and maintains the sane
haracter it started with—as l*-ing the m-et Js-rfc-t and
sn|*rt. publicatioo issued fr.sn the prow Tire ante
srripti-m is but $2.50 |vt annum, are! tire puldiaben are
danrea Nutton A Co.. 23 Liberty street. New York.
We have received N-al 2. 3 aird 4of the 'rJitrt Aye
tracts, writ tea and pulJisbed l.j The. store Tilton. No.
3 is a Bi <rapby of Vi.-t.rcia C. W eslhull. a m et re
markalde stow, whirh Lasouwl sissieral-le <■■«.n.ent
aU around. The tracts are written in T. T.’s inimita
ble style.
Merry't f.rr October has a full account <<f Its
e«< ursion f>any to the White Mountains whs-L. came
off acr .rrding to the pr-<ramme. It furntslww go.<i
rvwliag for the boya All new autwcrilrcrs this |s.p
ular magazine for 1X72 wi.l receive the remaining num-
Imm* tb» year free.
W ur-taes f« o ««»wr has a <me
huielrrsl -ioilar prize s«ory entitled Beginning Right
a Story f<. Young Wivesand a Urge number of
other entertaining storiee. etc.
The tor ix-t-rber has ><e«w receive.! at
Sager’s. It to a g—d number, ami should be in the
Lao is ->f every farmer.
We have receive I a copy of the l.’otJrag finite, erm
taii.me nearly u<o psro- and Sent to any aPtrear by
tie- (.uldisbcrs Karel M Nally R M Clark street.
Chicago. a|sx> the rwdj.r ,ents awl 4 cents
This w.rvfc coatairr* fin ’s and figures not to be
fonad eUewirere. la addlO-n to giving the time cards
•A3H» nt romis as in <thet Guides.) it given the P->f-u
-larfe<a. General Kitaatioa. Newapafs-n. Banks. Icea>tib<
Maaetw-turtag Intends aad H-drle <4 enet Rulr-iad
are! Rner T«wa. large or small., west of Pntaburgh
ami Bviffal Each page <4 the entire to»-k is m typo-,
and all orereetims notci are male before each namlo-r
ynr to pteas.
1 uwag A'uOs' P.’uetm'eJ fopre. |alJmml su>-
m-<t»th!y by E C. Alb-a R O>. ar Augusta. Me., tor $1
a year. ban been received at Sager's. Get a o-py.
Case of Murdeb in Taunton.—We team
from the Taunton Casette that at about eleven
oclock on Saturday -night last several young
.men who were indulging in the pleasures of a
drunk, called at the lager beer saloon of Adam
Hassinger in that city, and demanded admit
tance. On being refused, the door was buret
in. Mrs. Hassinger met the young men at the
door, and refused to furnish them with bever
age. In the melee they kicked and struck Mrs.
H., wbo retired up stairs, screaming with pain
and died in about half an hour. The young
men, Robert Tweedy, Lewis Linsey, with two
other*, named Fairbanks and Tripp, were ar
rested and held for examination. A coroner's
jury on Sunday returned a veniict that the
woman came to her death from injuries in
flicted by Lewis Linsey and Robert Tweedy.
Horse Breeding. Amasa Sprague of
Cranston, we see it stated, has sent to Kansas
a number of celebrated stallions and some fifty
brood mares, with the view of commencing
there an extensive business in the breeding of
blooded stuck. He has invested a large amount
of money in the enterprise, and it seem* to us
that there is pxxl prospect that the investment
will be profitable. Good horse flesh is always
in demand at high prices.
A next."—This word makes its appearance
frequently in one of our exchanges. It Is very
beautiful and expressive, and we like it much
but we suppose the reason why it is used b
because it is thought nobody knows what it
means. There are those who take unnecessary
pains to write in such a way that nobody can
tell what they are writing abouL They have a
natural faculty to write in that way. and there
is no necessity for laboring to succeed.
S.vme pe-vple suffer, and their friends suffer, from
severe pain while they spend more nonev f.xlishlv
»';»M e->«it tocure them, if they u«*l Renn.'a
I ain-Ktiling Magie Oil. Take <>ur wlviee an.! use thia
poimlar and pertain cure f.< such ills an flesh and Uxie
are heir to. Georue T. Das a A Co.. Whokwaie and
Retail Agent*. No. 17 Main street, Pawtncket.
Every Yocno Max should procure a copy of the
nidi, al Work entitle.! Tlie Scu-nee of Life, or Self.
Preservation.” publtaheal bv the famous Peal.ntv
Institute." B.*t.m. This book will teach the voung
how to avoid dangerous .liseanes, and from it the’ mid
dle-aged and those more advanced in life mav attain to
a restoration <4 a prostrated avst.ni to active health
It to the result of deep studv and most extensive me.il
cal practice, and may be relict ut«>n. The extremely
valuable and interesting l>ook entitle! Sexual Ptivsi
ology of Woman and her DiseaM-s.” is also
I.v the Institute. !>on*t fail to read the advertisement
of tlie Peabody Medical Institute, in another column.
BATCHEI/iR’S HAIR DYE Th to superb Hair
Dye is the tort in rL rvv-M—,>erf<*-tlv harmk-M. relia
ble and instantaneous; no disappointment; no’ ridic
ulous tints or disagreeable odor. Dtu- genuine Wm.
A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye pr.«lu.-es IMMK|>IATELI a
Splendid Black or natural Brown, leaves the hair rfnm.
soft./■eoafrr’s/. does not contain a particle of hast
any Injuri ui.cornpoind. Sold bv all druggists. Fa.-to
ry. IS B) )N I) STREET. N. V. ly <a-tS
OLD DK. WAKKEN'S QUAKES BITTERS tag
TUI LT A MF.BCY To MAVKItro. Invalid*. v<»u that
base auflferwd ftw year* with these internal ilirtieultie*
and derangement*. call them bv what name von please,
you have consulted m.wt .«f the dtatora of the dav. who
humbugged you with their Latin terma. wise h«>ka and
useless receipts. should thank God tor the great reno
vating an<l restoring agent -Quaker Bittern." Whether
in the young or old. married or single. these Bitter*
display a decided improvement in the health of the
|>atient. Being a purely vegetable preparation. it is a
safe anti reliable remedy for all classes. in everv e.mdi
tion of health or station of life. The aged find in the
•■Quaker Bitters” Just the art hie they stand In need of
in their declining years; it quickens tl*e blot.) and
cheers the mind.
Please read a few of the many
receiving every day:
Cosmopolite.
Provi<ience, Aug. 2mh. t*TI.
FLINT t aak for mv
opinion -4 OM !>r. W»m-iT» Quaker Ritter* A* I
have never need them I cannot RjH-ak from
knowledge. but the general »]>ee<b of the JieopJe i»
marked and idrong in their favor lam *o far oatiMied
that they are a pure, aafe and effective alterative and
tonic, that I have ordered a *‘a*e of them aent to my
aged mother. Their reputation kee|» pace with their
aalee. and aa they are Mientificallv conifatunded <4 the
beet ingredient*, they are not to"be lamed with the
great variety of nostrum* paltued off on a »urt< ring
public by uack*.
Youn truly,
Mrttn. FLIXT t CO.—Gfut*:—lt affords me much
pleasure to aid my testimony to the many you have
already received in regard to the medicinal virtue of
‘ld Dr. Warren's Quaker Bitter*. I cannot as vet
|»*dti«ely affirm in reference to the benefit derived, ae
we have used but one bottle, but can discern already
decided advantage ft tu its use. I am in horn-* in a
few month* to give you a fuller and more explk-it tes
timonial. Your* truly.
Rev. GEORGE M. HAMBLIN.
City MM .nary. Taunton, Mam.
Dighton, Maae., Aug. 16.1571.
Mfiirt. FLIXT t CO.— Itrar sir* —I am only too
happy to add my testimony to the mas* you have al
ready acquired in relation to the medicinal qualities of
Old Dr. Warren's Quaker Bitters. have not enjoyed
g«"l health for years, and have laten under tlie physi
cian's care for the last thirty year*, and cannot say that
I have Iteen benefited by their treatment. I have tried
all the popular tnedk'ine* of the day. without the least
improvement. Six months ago 1 bad a paralvti. sh.s k
which completely prostrated me. seeing your Bitter*
advertised. I wasp.-rsuad.-l by my critical condition to
try them, although 1 had tried such a variety of medi
cine*. I did not have much confidence in anything.
I have now taken four I*) bottleaand have X|u*ricnced
more tienefit from their use than all the medleim I
leave ever taken in niv life, comldncl. I can truly say
without hesitation, that they are the brrt medicine
ever offered to the public.
its. It. a M M BKALY.
For sale by Druggist* and <b-al.-rs in medicine gener
ally. Dr. It. S. FLINT CO., Proprietor*. Provi
dence. R. I. tf oct 13
CVRE FOB FEMALE WEAKNESS.—Thu propri
etor of this valuable medicine, while suffering from
lose of health some year* ago. received an Indian recipe,
from wlik-b she prepared some for her own use. which
resulted in a cure. Many of her friend* have since
used it. with equally gratifying success, and liave de
sired her to Introduce it to the public. She ha* con
sented, f.r the sake of suffering humanity, to do
and feel* confident it will prove one of the richest
blessing* to those wh« are suffering from Pr<>laf«u*
Vteri. Inflammation, Vl.eration or General IMMIHy.
a* it is a Speedy and certein cure if taken according to
diraction*. This is an internal remedy -entirely veg
etable—will not injure the most <k licate constitution,
but is congenial to nature, a* supporter* are not tusd
under any consideration, nor the application of caustic.
It will eradicate all humors, which is one eaaae. in
many case*, of great suffering. It* renovating effect*
are m st extraordinary. without a change in diet, a*
hundred* will testify. Two bottle* will ronvince the
most sceptical of its surprising pro|»-rtie*. Il* .-fleet*
are wonderful In the relief and cure of the following
di«ea*e*: Pr..la|*ms Vteri. Nervous Itrhllltv, Weak
ness of the Back and lamlw, Dv*i»-ti*ia. Palpitatko. of
the Heart. Depression of Spirits. Irregulantie*. Bil
iousness. Change .tf Life. Leucorrhca or White*. Drop
sical Affection*. Inflammation of the Kidney* etc.
TeMitn.total* sent on appNeation. Prepared and sold
bv Mr*. I.INI S HEM HER. Band li.h. Mas*. Sold
by all Druggist*. GEo. C. <I<I<IDWIN A CO.. Ibm
t.in. and .1, BAL<'H A SON. id Main street. Provi
dence. IL 1., Wholesale Agent*. st oct 13
Office, N<-. 29 Mill street, (next door to the Pont OtBo*,)
•ep 22
WM. R WALKER. Ak< HrHMT Axn Brr> bix-
TEXtiEXT—Ret Hohls’ Building, 37 Weylwueet street.
Providence, R. 1. tf feb 10
L. WRIGHT. PHoTOOBAfBItB, V» Westminster st
Narraganaett Bl.xk. hortfeare, R. I. ft Jan 4
DR. B. E. GARDNER- Dextist, would respectfully
inform life patients and the public generally that he has
removed his office from 175 Westminster street to 125
High street, provoience, R 1., where he will Im- happy
to wait upon all in w ant of his professional services.
Examination and advice freely given. dee 6
DR. F. BERRY, Room No. 10, Bhck. Office
hours. 9to I<> A. M.. 2to 3 and 7toft P. M Jan 13
GEORGE H. STANLEY. M. D.. Pur sit iax axn
St Kt.Eox, No. 29 Mill Street, (next door to the Post
Office.l Pawtucket. R. I. ly nor la
JOHN P. GREGORY. Attobxbt ax» Covxsri.-
LOB at Law. Office. No. 29 Mill street, Manchester
Block. (next door to the post Office.) Pawtucket. R I.
Having retires! from the Court of Magistral, a Paw
tucket. he will give exclusive attention to any business
intrusted to his care, in all branches of hfe profession,
faithfully and promptly. 6m June 23
In Pawtucket. 11th instant, by Rev. E. D. Hall. Mr.
Johx Lamhebt of Wauregan, Conn., to M s Rosa
Fa BUELL .4 Central Falls.
On the 4th instant, by Rev. M. Goodrich. Mr. En
eas T. FoßtitoMiss Mabia Jouv.ru ixf. Write k.
In N.irtou. Maas., lltb instant, by Rev. M G-ssirlch.
assisted by Austin Messenger, Esq.. Mr. A.C Kim- <4
New York, to Miss Mabv B. Wr.THEBELL. daughter
of the late Zelotes Wetherell. Esq
In Cambridge. Maae 10th instant, at the reei.leri.-e
of the bride, by Rev. Dr. Hoppin. HexßV F. Wairtt.
Esq., of B-ist-m. to Hei.ex L. Reap of pawtu. ket.
In Fall River. 11th instant. Mrs Mabv P., wife of
William H Field f.wmrrly of Pawtu. keL
In Thomaston. Maine »th instant, .4 di|Sberia. Et
uoxn Ba vlev. infant s>« of Aura and Caroline B
Walker, W-l mouths.
’A KI). —The Btihßcnber returns his thank*
V> to the Bremen and ttixens of Pawtucket and ci
tral Falls for their praiseworthy efforts whh h resulted
In the saving <4 his pr. merry from deetrm tun by lire
on lite ti.rt.ing of the 11th instant
oct 13 It SIMON W DEXTER.
ANTED—A good English, German or
V V land -rl. to do -io- general houses ri a
small family. Must be Weil res-eumended and be will
ing to wwrk. Inquire at Mrs. WM. MASON’S. Crus
street. tf set 13
PAWTUCKET HORSE GUARDA.
Headquarters Pawtwket Horse Guards. I
Pawtu. ket. ts-l.dw-r llth. I>7l. I
There wfli a t»p~tol Meeting of the PxwtmSat
Hone tinarfe at the T-wn Hall. f>st tods. FRIDAY
EVENING, tjrtator 13>h. at s oVlsk A full at
tesdarxe is rwiuewted. as bust news .4 i»|e*to«>ce will
o.me before tb» meeting.
Per order Commander:
oct 13 It A MTKA I'M. Clerk.
Knights <»f pvthias.—eikeka
So. S.— A r»<ul*r all! I*
■t bail in Ikrxtar Hb>-k Tl E*I>AY EVENINU,
O** 4wr IT’kw I*T|. arven a'einck.
Vork-nm
<k-i 11 it Ter
Manchester excam pm EXT X<> 4.
i*pr«-a*l M.~» ng Mo.MMV KVKXISG
XKXT. l*fh. at ~i o’cUefc.
A full *t;cl.>UlKr tr.u-*'-!
Per onUr:
FkKD. H. WHITK. C. P.
TO FARMERS.— The Ourhani Bull
-BII’HUi BUT" Ma; Im-fuauU at Uw Eagh-
Marlrl ParM. Earl Pbaiaal law. f«»!akH. anril
tartUrt u««K«. Irllur tZM it> mStum*. II «t 13
Special floticcs.
business Notices.
THUS. P. BAKXEFIEUI.
ATTORXKY AXD COVXSF.LI.OR AT LAW,
AND SOLICmUB OF PATENTS.
PAWTI l KET. K. I.
Carriages.
deaths.
Zlcto
ort U II
ve are
Has. SIDNEY DEAN.
W. C.