The Spy t/wula have the eye of Argus: he it
honorable if he do hut look to the welfare cf tht
r- •amonweaithl
WORCESTER
NtTI'ROAY. DECEMBER 3.1871.
The Next Jlnyor.
As the time for the city election approaches
the question is often asked: “Who will be our
next mayor?” That Mr. Earle will not, and
does not desire to be re-elected, is well under
stood. It is of great importance that we should
act wisely in choosing his successor. Among
those who have been mentioned in connection
with tlie office, arc two or three gentlemen,
whose executive ability and business talent
have been demonstrated by their successful
conduct of extensive private enterprises. The
services of any one of these gentlemen at the
head of its municipal government the city
would be glad to obtain; but it is under
stood that they arc not willing to
withdraw from theit personal business
the time and attention which the office
would demand. Another gentleman, George F.
Verry, Esq., as yet untried in public office, but
otherwise well known and trusted, is frequently
mentioned in this connection. His friends, we
believe, have much confidence that he will re
ceive the nomination of the republican conven
tion, and a movement is on loot to nominate
him independently in a citizens’ meeting. We
do not know just how much strength this
movement already has, but we hope to see it
succeed. We do not know of any one
likely to be elected mayor whom we
should more confidently expect to bring
into the management of the city affairs
energy, method and thrift. It may be objected
that Mr. Verry is not familiar with the drift of
municipal affairs. This is, perhaps, true, but it
will nut take lung for a clear headed man of
quick intelligence to make himself master of the
not very complicated questions involved in the
government of the city. There is, too, an ad
vantage in having a new hand at the helm, if it
is strong enough for the duty, which more than
outweighs the objection of inexperience. We
do not speak of the party question, for we think
it should have little weight m municipal affairs;
but whatever it has is in Mr. Verry’s favor, as
he is a consistent republican, although not an
active politician.
Thr Cnsc of Warden Hayne*.
As we suppus d, it turns out that Warden
Haloes was nut requested to resign simply to
make a place lor General Chamberlain, but be
cause then were tcasous which to the governor
seemed sufficient fur desiring his retirement.
Mr. Haynes’ management of the prison bad
been in many respects admirable. He main
tained the necessary discipline and order with
out undue severity; he had sot six years past
kept the expenditures of the puson considera
bly within its earnings, and he had an honora
ble ambition to excel in his work, and to have,
and especially to be known to have, under his
control the model prison of this country, if not
of the world, as he claimed and very likely be
lieved that it was. Besides all this Mr. Haynes
was, we suppose, a genuinely humane man, who
really desired that the inmates of his establish
ment should be as comfortable as their condition
permitted while they remained with him, and
should leave the prison, if it all, with the disposi
tion and opportunity to earn an hon
est living. There were reasons, how'
ever, which bad led the governor to
the conclusion that Mr. Haynes ought
not to retain his office any longer. His resigna
tion was therefore asked, and without hesitation
offered. Of course, it was necessary that the
newspapers should assign some cause for this
step, and several were suggested, among them
that which we quoted two or three days ago
from the Transcript with an expression of in
credulity. Others were less creditable to Mr.
Haynes. Tnis gentleman, hearing some of these,
requested of the council an opportunity to ex
plain certain matters connected with his admin
istration of the prison.
It was reported, he said, that lie had received
money in consideration of having influenced
the award to the Tucker manufacturing com
pany of a valuable contract fur convict labor.
This accusation, Mr. Haynes said, was false.
The facts, which had been distorted sons to give
color to the charge, were in substance that sev
eral years ago, before the existence of that com
pany, a gentleman who was afterwards one of
the founders of the company, became an em
ployer of convict labor at Mr. Haynes’ recom
mendation, and, finding it profitable, continued
to employ it more largely. In 1867 the Tucker
manufacturing company, having been organ
ized, obtained a contract for the employment of
a large number of convicts, and soon after the
gentleman before referred to, meeting Mr.
Haynes, said to him that he had made
$150,000 from the profits of his business, carried
on by means of prison labor, and feeling under
some obligation to Mr. Haynes for putting him
in the way of it by his advice, wished to make
him a present of some value. The warden did
not at that time consent to receive a gift; but
some days later a package containing SSOOO in
bonds came to his hands from the treasurer of
the Tucker manufacturing company. This he
retained, not thinking of any reason why he
ought not to do so. He offered to confirm
his statement by other evidence, but the coun
cil thought this unnecessary. It is possible
that the legislature may think it worth while
to investigate this transaction more fully.
Genera! Samuel E. Chamberlain was yester
day confirmed by the council for the office made
vacant by the resignation of Mr. Haynes. Gen.
Chambeilain, though not an old n«m. is an
older soldier than most of the veterans of the
late war. He first saw service in Mexico, dur
ing our war with that country. In the “un
pleasantness” he was commissioned captain in
the first Massachusetts cavalry, and rose through
tbe succees ve grades to be its colonel. His ser
vice was arduous and perilous. He was cap
tured ouce, was once shot through the body, and
received not a few other wounds. Those who
know him well feel confident that he will do well
in his new.office.
The Waahbaru Will Cauc.
The aibitraiors appointed to settle the ques
tions in controversy between Mrs. Washburn
and the Ameiican Bible Society, have decided
the ease substantially in favor of Mrs. Wash
burn. The report of their decision is as fol
lows:
J he Amei ican Bible society and Mrs. E. B.
C Washbum, of Worcester, Mass., having
agreed to submit certain applications, made by
her to said society, as one of the residuary k-ua
r<ts under the will ol her late husband, Mr.
Ichabod Washburn of said Worcester, to three
disinterested referees, whose decision in the case,
or the division ot a majority of whom should
be final and conclusive, Theodore D. Woolsey of
New Haven, Conn., and Royal B. Stratton of
Worcester, Mass., were chosen referees or arbi
tiaturs by the American B ide society, and Mrs.
Washburn, respectively. After an almost un
avoidable delay ot nearly five months, the said
arbitrators chose Anson D. F. Randolph of
Yonkets, N. Y., as the third arbitrator, who con
sented to serve in that capacity. The arbitra
tors met in New York in fulfillment of their duty
on the 14th day of November, 1871, and gave
the parties an opportunity to appear, or have
their case presented bclore them. After a care
ful consideration ol the case, having fit st adopt
ed as their leading principle of decision, to abide
by what appeared to them to be the settled and
ultimate purpose of the deceased in regard to
the disposal of his property, they came to the
conclusions which hereinafter follow In all
these conclusions, with a single exception, thev
were unanimous.
•‘The arbitrators unanimously find and de
clare that the American Bible society should
consent to a settlement of said estate by the
administrators, on the following conditions of
settlement with the widow ol the testator, us the
first creditor of the estate, namely:
“Ist. That they give the clear possession of
the homestead estate ot the testator, with all
the appurtenances. to the widow of the same, as
the testator designated in his last unsigned will,
witn the undentuDding that the home for aged
females consent to tue same arrangement, and
thereby either renounces in her favor, or sells
aul disposes of the said homestead estate to
her. But in case of such dispotition, or sale
and purchase, tue arbitrators do not hereby in
tend that the widow shall be reimbursed for any
such out of the residuary funds of the estate.
“2 I. Her endowment with eighty-five thou
saiu (laiUrs ui the personal estate, including
ail the bank sto k at pai, and one hundred and
twenty-five snares of the Washburn Moen
’.aa i i jjuan (g company at par, according to
the imeuumi auJ direction of the
testator, fa* arbitrators justify their decision
io regaid to the payment of the bank stork at
par, by the letter of the testator to Emory Wash-
burn, under date of May 3d, (propably in the
vear 1887) and thus written just betore the exe
eniion of the third codicil of the first will, on the
11 th day of May, 1867. and also by the fact that
by the second, or unsigned will, the widow was
placed in a better pecuniary position than by
the terms of the first will.
“BJ. The conveyance by deed to Mrs. Sarah
W. Oxnard, niece of the testator, of a house and
lot in Portland. Maine, named in Hie deed as
of the value of $975.
“This decision of tl.e arbitrators is reached in
view of the fact that the testator had often ex
pressed his intention to give the house and lot
to Mrs. Oxnard, and had requested her (not
many months before his death) to come to Wor
cester, with the intention of transferring to .her
the deed of this ptopcity; and that Mrs. Oxnard
was providentially prevented front complying
with this request.
“4th. The admission of the Massachusetts
home missionary society to a legacy of SSOOO,
and as a residuary legatee, according to the
terms of the last unsigned will of the testator.
“slb. In every case, where the stock of the I.
Washburn Moen wire works is named in the
first will, that it be construed, as the testator
intended and designated in the last will, to be
the stock of the Washburn Moen manufactur
ing company.
“6th. The assignment to the widow, during
the term of her natural life for the chai Hable uses
to which they were devoted by the deceased, of
all his right and interest in the “Tempering
patent,” and the “Bedson patent.”
“Conevining a legacy ol SSOOO instead of S2OOO
to Mr. William Bucklev, the testator'- gardener,
it appeared to a majority of the arbitrators that
as the testator had retained the same legacy in
both wills, namely S2OOO, and as they had only
evidence of a transitory intention to increase the
amount of the legacy (to S3OOO or SSOOO, there
fore the amount should Ik* left as it is stated
and fixed in both wills.
Theodore 1). Woolsey,
Royal B. Stratton,
A. 1). F. Randolph.
“New York city, November 26th, 1871.”
The decision was unanimous, it appears on all
points excepting that touching Mr. Washburn’s
legacy to his gardener; and there was no diffi
culty in reaching the conclusions stated, the case
seeming to the arbitrators too plain to allow
room for doubt or difficulty. The settlement of
the estate, which has already waited longer than
should have been made necessary, will now be
effected as equity requires.
Boston suffered for a time yesterday from a
water famine, and the in onvenience, though
very great, was almost of less consequence than
the flight and panic it caused. Many thought
the supply had given out altogether, and others
beiieved a report that the main between Bos
ton and the Brookline reservoir had given way.
The actual cause of the trouble was the accumu
lation of ice in the screen which protects the
mouth of the main pipe from the admission of
impurities. When this was cleared the water
ran freely again. The supply was cut off from
2 o’clock a. m, until about noon. A fire break
ing out timing that time might have proved a
serious matter.
History' of English Literature, by H. A.
Taino. Translated by H. Van Latin, one of the
Masters of the Edinburgh Academy; with a
Preface prepared expressly for this edition by
the Author. Vol. I. New York: Holt Wil
liams. This octavo volume of 530 pages con
tains the first half of a work on the history of
English literature, and of the English people as
represented in this literature, written by a
Frenchman whose brilliant books, previously
written and translated into English, have given
him a wide reputation. He made a thorough
study of the subject, before undertaking to pre
pare* the work for publication; and the least
that can be said in its favor is that no English
man has ever written anything of the kind on
the literature of his country, which deserves
comparison with it. With Mr. Taine a study of
the literature is a study of the nation in all its
phases of development, from the beginning of
its civilization; in its persistent instincts as they
appear in every change of taste or of controll
ing influences, and in every movement of the
progress from rude beginnings to the most ad
vanced condition of learning and culture. He
aims tosbowwhat the literature represents from
age to age, what stands behind it and gives its
peculiar form and spirit. His work begins with
the Saxons and the poem of Beowuli, and comes
down, in this volume, to the literary develop
ment which followed the restoration of Charles
Second.
It is something more than a mere history of
books with extracts from all the leading writers
of each age. It is a history of the people, of the
language, of the life of the English nation, and
of the influences by which the national indivi
duality has been directed from age to age. In
this first volume, after the introduction, the gen
eral headings of the chapters are as follows:—
The Saxons; The Normans; The New Tongue;
flic Pagan Renaissance; The Theater; Ben Jon
son; Shakspeare; The Christian Renaissance;
Milton; The Restoration. But these headings
do not* show the fullness with which he has
treated all the periods and topics they suggest.
The “New Tongue” brings him to Chaucer and
the literature of his age which followed the
“long impotence of Norman literature.” It is
quite possible to criticise this book, and point
out defects and shortcomings here and there;
but can his brightest critic make another half
as good, on the same subject, without borrow
ing his thoughts? He is invariably candid in
his treatment of English writers, and every
where illustrates the force of his reason for tak
ing up this subject, namely, that “a stranger
has one advantage; custom does not blunt his
perceptions; he is unconsciously struck by the
principal characteristics, and treats the subject
with reference to them.”
We observe, that, in one or two not'.ces of the
book, an objection has been raised against his
exposition of Shakspeare and his significance
in English literature. Mr. Taine admits and
admires Shakspeare’s wonderful genius with a
fullness of enthusiastic appreciation which
ought to satisfy even the national pride, with
which the English are accustomed to celebrate
the great poet and dramatist as the brightest
of bright particular stars in modern literature.
He says: “Shakspeare l.ad a complete imagin
ation; his whole genius is in that single word;”
and a mind the “most creative that ever cn
saged in the exact copy of the details of actual
existence, in the dazzling caprice of fancy, in
the profound complications of superhuman pas
sions.” His estimate of Shakspeare, given
briefly before proceeding to explain his thoughts
and illustrate its correctness, is this: “he was a
nature poetical, immoral, inspired, equally mas
ter of the sublime and the base, superior to
reason by the sudden revelations of his seer’s
madness; so extreme in joy and pain, so abrupt
of gait, so stormy and impetuous in his trans
ports, that this great age alone could have
cradled such a child.” The objecting criticism
seems to have been provoked by that word “im
moral,” by which Mr. Taine means that his ge
nius worked regardless of moral restraint and
portrayed the whole reality of life just as it was
in that age. We cannot agree with this criti
cism, for it seems to us directed against one of
the finest points made by Mr. Taine in his ad
mirable analysis of the poet’s genius and
works.
The translation of this work is excellent, hav
ing been made by a very competent translator
under the supervision of Mr. Taino himself. No
student of English literature can afford to do
without it; and it will be sure to find its way to
many others who Go not formally class them
selves as sucli students, but who are led to such
studies by ihe instinctive tendencies of their cul
ture. Fur sale by Sanford Co.
“Ihe Student’s History of the Middle
Ages,” by Wm. Smith,! LL D., published by
Harper Brothers, is the “student’s” edition of
Hallam, and corresponds in size and appearance
to the other volumes of this student series. The
preface tells us that nothing essential in Hal
lam’s work has been left out, and that it con
tains his latest additions to it, with additions
also from other writers. It is really the most
useful edition of Hallam that has ever been pub
lished, because it is likely to be more popular
with general readers than any other, and there
fore more successful in communicating knowl
edge of the history of Europe in the ages when
the present European nationalities arose and be
came established. The work is handsomely
printed on very clear type; and it is neatly
bound; the publishers evidently aiming to have
it find many readers among those who would
not be likely to purchase a more expensive edi
tion. For sale at Bigelow’s.
“American Home Book” is the title of a
handsome volume prepared by Mrs. Caroline L.
Smith, and published by Lee Shepherd, Bos
ton. It isabook of‘"in-door games, amusements,
and occupations,” for old and young. There
are games for the children, “games of memory,”
“natural magic, “the Sybil,” amusements for
the Christmas holidays, and a full explanation
of rhe art of ventriloquism. A considerable por
tion of the book is devoted to flowers, home
arts, the toilet, the sick room, and various do
mestic matters. Mrs. Smith shows that she is
gailn Spn Wnmstrr, Safurban gtoing, Jlcnmbcr 2, 1871.
thoroughly versed in tl.esc matters, and the book
will probably find its way into many families*
For sale at Bigelow’s.
The Elementary Music Reader; a Pro
gressive Series of Lessons, prepared expressly for
use in Schools, Book First. By B. Jepson. This
is the title page of a book publishe t by Charles
C. Chatfield Co., New Haven. It was prepared
by a teacher of music employed in the public
schools of New Haven, ami he seems to know
how to communicate instruction to children.
This book seems to be very good; and it ought
to be so for it is the result of revising the “Ele
mentary Music Reader,” and the author’s expe
rience in teaching must have qualified him to
make this revised issue of the work worthy of
general favor.
“The Infant’s Delight” and “The Chil
dren’s Treasure” are titles of two books for
the younger juveniles, published by Lee
Shepard, Boston, which are sure to get atten
tion, and find their way into most of the juve
nile libraries. The first named contains easy
lessons in reading, and the other has stories,
sketches, and verses. Both are filled with pic
torial illustrations, part of them colored and all
sufficiently well executed to satisfy the little
folks and furnish them with an abundance of
wholesome entertainment. For sale at Bige
low’s.
Dogs and their Doings; by Hie Rev. F. O.
Morris, B. A. New York: Harper Brothers.
This is an English book. The author is an
English clergyman, who has written several
works on topics connected with natural history,
one of them being “A History of British
Birds.” In this volume he has collected great
variety of narrations and sketches which illus
trate the sagacity of dogs, showing that he lias
taken much interest in dogs and studied their
ways with cordial gool will. The hook is
splendidly printed and bound, and is not likely
to be overlooked during the holidays. It is
filled with pictorial illustrations, portraits and
views of remarkable dogs of all kinds, which arc
very finely executed. For sale at Bigelow’s.
Falstaff and His Companions.—Twenty
one illustrations in silhouette by Paul Konewka.
Boston; Roberts Brothers. It is wonderlul how
much character and spirit can be expressed in
these simple, plain, black surfaces, Konewka
is the first to demonstrate the capacity of the
silhouette, and no style of engraving could be
more effective than this is in his hands His
figures have a grace and freedom of movement
that is very remarkable and attractive. The
twenty-one groups in this volume represent
various scenes in the “Merry Wives of Windsor,”
each with its appropriate extract from the text
of the play on the opposite page. These arc pre
ceded by an introduction by Hermann Kurz, in
which the author endeavors to trace the origin
and dcvelopement of Shakspeare’s character of
Falstaff. The whole is beautifully printed on
smooth, heavy paper, with gilt edges, and en
closed between handsome covers. It makes a
very appropriate gift for the holidays. For sale
at Bigelow’s.
“History of Louis Philippe, King of the
French,” with illustrations, by John S. C.
Abbott, author of the French Revolution, etc.
New’ York: Harper Brothers. This little
book is,as all Mr. Abbott’s histories are, enter
taining, and to some degree at least instructive.
His works are criticised as having more of ro
mance than history. In the preface of this,
by way, we suppose, of refuting that charge, he
claims that “every event narrated is sustained
by documentary evidence, beyond the possibili
ty of doubt.” lie doesn’t give his authorities,
and we havn’t found time to read the book care
fully, and so cannot vouch that he sustains
his position, but in any case, we are sure he has
written in his own popular style. The book
may be found at Bigelow’s.
Half Hours With Modern Scientists.—
This volume contains the University Series”
of scientific tracts, heretofore published in suc
cessive'numbers by Charles C. Chatfield Co,,
New Haven, and now bound together in a neat
volume of which the mechanical execution is in
all respecis admirable. The contents include
Professor Huxley’s famous essay on protoplasm,
“The Physical Basis of Lite,” and Janies H.
Stirling’s answer entitled, “As Regards Pro
toplasm,” Professor G. F. Barker’s Correla
tion of Vital and Physical Forces,” Professor
Cope on the hypothesis of evolution, and Pro
fessor John Tyndall’s addresses on the “Methods
and Tendencies of Physical Investigation”on haze
and dust, and in the scientific uses of the im
agination. We need not say to any who are
interested in the Subjects ot which these essays
and addresses treat, that their authors are
among the foremost thinkers and workers in the
development of modern science, and that they
have also beyond most men the gift of clear and
forcible expression. For sale at Bigelow’s.
“The Prey of the Gods,” Florence Mar
ryat’s novel, has been published in paper covers,
at a low’ price by Harper Brothers. We have
already published a notice of this book. For
sale at Bigelow’s.
Charles C. Chatfield Co., New Haven,
have published in a very neat little volume, two
sermons by President Woolsey,entitled “Serving
our Generation,” and ‘God’s Guidance in Youth.’
For sale at Bigelow’s.
Arabesques: Monare, Apollyona, Domitia,
Ombra. By Mrs. Richard S. Greenough. Boston.
Roberts Brothers. These “Arabesques” are four
well told stories in which the movement is deter
mined chiefly] by supernatural agencies as repre
sented by sorcerers, witches, magic rings, and
the like. The book is very handsomely printed
and hound, and there are a few illustrations. For
sale at Bigelow’s.
Durnton Abbey; a novel. By T. Adolphus
Trollope, author of Lindisfarn Chase, etc. Har
per Bros., New York, publishers. Mr. Adol
phus Trollope has had considerable success as a
novelist, and a story from his pen will find
plenty of readers. This one, a tale of English
life in a country town, is not without merit.
The characters are well drawn and well sus
tained, but we confess to a cordial dislike to the
delineation of so much evil and wickedness as
we find in this book. For sale at Bigelow’s.
“The Dick and Daisy Series,” by MissA. F.
Samuels. Published by Lee Shepard, Boston.
This series consists of four pretty little volumes,
entitled “Adrift in the World,” “Fighting the
Battle,” “Saver! from the Street,” and “Grand
father Milly’s Luck.” They are continued sto
ries of a brother and sister who, being left or
phans and poor, by energy and industry and
unselfishness made a home and friends for them
selves. They are nice little books, well illustrat
ed, and look very attractive in their neat red
binding, with gilt backs. For sale at Bigelow’s.
“The Right One” by Marie Sophie Schwartz,
translated from the Swedish by Selma Borg and
Marie Brown. Lee S hepherd, Boston. We
must acknowledge to finding the stories by Miss
Schwartz, which have preceded “The Right
One,” rather dull reading. This novel is an im
provement on the others, however, in design and
finish; the translation is quite smooth, and the
story not uninteresting. For sale at Bigelow’s.
We have received the January number of the
“Aldine,” and with it the chromo called
“Dame Nature’s School,” after the painting by
Seis. This chromo is sent to all subscribers for
1872, and is a pleasing picture, well executed.
This number of the Aldiue contains a colored
frontispiece, entitled “A Veneian Festival,” and
two other full page engravings, .both of which
are very fine, and make up with a number of
small engravings a very attractive whole. The
reading matter is worthy of such associations-
But we are puzzled as to the whereabouts of
the December or Christmas number, which was
to be, according to announcement, superior to
any previous one, and which we have not re
ceived.
The children will welcome with delight the
December number of “The Little Corporal.”
The publishers of this deservedly popular little
magazine lost everything, (literally), by the
“greatfire.” But with true Chicago pluck, they
issued a November supplement,exp laining their
circumstances, and promising a good December
number. They have kept their word, and give
their subscribers this month perhaps the best
number yet published. It is lull of good
stories and illustrations; has a frontispiece by
Nast, called the “Little Corporal Office in
Ruins,” and a very interesting chapter, “More
About the fire,” ‘Trudy’s Pocket,” etc. We
hope the energy and promptness of the publish
ers will lie rewarded by many new subscriptions.
Good Health, for December, published by
Alexander Moore, Boston, is filled with useful
matter. Among the topics of the leading articles
are “Fever and Fever Hospitals,” “Hospital
Treatment for the Insane,” and “Toys as
Teachers.”
Blackwood’s Magazine, for November, re
published by the Leonard Scott Publishing Com
pany, New York, brings the concluding chap-
tors of the serial story, “Fair to Sec,” and has a
remarkably well written article on Samuel Tay
lor Coleridge. French home life is discussed, the
papers on Rome are continued, and there are
other articles which will find readers.
Jnpnnrw Juggler* mid
The jugglers and mountebanks are also dis
tinguished by the variety and originality ot their
feats. For instance, they perform a series of
tricks by means of an enormonslv long false
nose, fine will lie down upon his back, with a
bov balanced on the end of the nose, Ilie boy
supporting an open umbrella on the end of his
own nose. Another will hold up his foot, upon
the sole of which a boy plants his nose, ami
balances himself in the air. Some of these feats
seem impossible, without the aid of some con
cealed machinery.
I was witness to some astonishing specimens
of ilhtdon. After a variety of tricks with tops,
cups of water, ami paper butterflies, the juggler
exhibited to the spectator a large open fan which
he held in his right hand, then threw into the
air, caught by the handle in his left hand, squat
ted down, fanned himself, and then, turning his
head in profile, gave a long sigh, during which
the image of a galloping horse issued from his
mouth. Still fanning himself, he shook from
his right sleeve ail army of little men, who pres
ently, bowing and dancing, vanished from sight.
Then he bowed, closed the fan and held it in his
two hands, dining which time his own head dis
appeared, then became visible, but of colossal
size, and finally reappeared in its natural dimen
sions, but multiplied four or five times. They
set fl Jar before him, and in a short time he issued
from the Heck, rose Slowly into the air, and van
ished in clouds along the ceiling.
At the fair of Asaksa, in addition to the
formances of jugglers of all kinds, there are col
lections of animals which have been taught to
perform tricks—bears of Yeso, .spaniels which
aie valuable in proportion to their ugliness, cd»»-
rated monkeys and goats. Birds and fish are
also diFplayed In great quantities. But the most
astonishing patience is niilnlteMed by an old
Corcau boatman, who has trained d dozen tor
toises, large and small, employing no olhcf
menus to direct them than his songs and a small
metal drum. They march in line, execute vari
ous evolutions, and conclude by Clinlbiiig upon
a low table, the larger ones forming, of their
own accord, a bridge for the smaller, to whom
the feat would otherwise be impossible. When
they have all mounted, they dispose themselves
in three or four piles like so many plates.
M. Humbert gives the following description
of the performances of the gymnasts, both in
the streets and booths. “In the public, squares,
the shouts and the sound of tambourines of two
troops of gymnastic mountebanks,installed at op
posite corners, arc heard above the voices, songs
and clatter ol implements of labor in the sur
rounding work-shops. One of these troops per
forms in the open air, its heroes being the swak
lower of sword*, and the prodigious jumper.
The latter leaps with impunity through two
hoops crossed at right angles, fixed on the top of
a pole, which also supports a jar carefully
balanced on the intersecting hoops. But his
most remarkable feat consists in leaping, or
rather flying, from end to end through it cylin
der of bamboo lattice-works, six feet long, and
placed on trestles. When he wishes to excite
the amazement of the spectators to the highest
pitch, the performer lights four candles and
places them in a line, at regular intervals, in
the interior of the cylinder; after which he pass
css through like a flash, without extinguishing
or deranging them.
His gentle spouse, seated on a box beside the
cylinder, accompanies the different stages of the
performance with airs on her guitar. To the
shrill sounds of the instrument she adds, from
time to time, the tones of a voice which is
either hoarse and hollow, or piercingly elevated,
according as she judges it better to encourage
sternly or to celebrate triumphantly the prowess
of Ihe astonishing man whose fortunes She is
permitted to share. From Travels in Japan, in
Scribner Company’s Illustrated Library of
Travel, Exploration, and Adventure, edited by
Bayard Taylor.
Why' do Boilers Explode?—On Wednes
day last, some interesting experiments were
made under the direction of F. B. Stevens of
Hoboken, to solve this question. They were
made on the government reservation at Sandy
Hook, where extensive preparations had been
made for the purpose, and were witnessed by
fifty or more scientific men and engineers from
New York and elsewhere, among whom was
Prof. Thurston of the Stevens institute of tech
nology. The first experiment was with a boiler
built in 1858, and taken out of a boat in Julj’
last, after beingin use thirteen years. The boiler
was identical in shape and general construction
with the Ijoiler which exploded on the Westfield,
although somewhat smaller, and had been pre
viously tested to eighty-two pounds water pres
sure without fracture, and also to sixty pounds
of steam pressure. On this occasion the steam
was raised gradually to ninety-three pounds when
it leaked steam as fast as it was generated, and
the pressure began to recede. Examination,
subsequently, showed that the boiler was much
distorted. The wagon-top had sunk down
about two inches, and a corresponding swell
was observed on each side, just below the de
pression. All the longitudinal seams of the
shells were leaking, while no leaks were to be
seen along the transverse seams. The second
experiment was upon a boiler made with two
flat, surfaces, representing the water space be
tween the back-head and the back connection
of the Westfield’s boiler, or a part of the leg of
an ordinary boiler, and having the same thick
ness of a plate, and stay d with screw stays,
spaced in the same manner as in the case of the
Westfield; the stays being 1 1-2 inches in diame
ter, with the same kind of screw threads, and
similar riveting over at the ends. This struc
ture had previously been subjected t) 138 pounds
of hydrostatic pressure. It began to leak slight
ly when the steam pressure reached 190
pounds, and burst explosively from the
pulling out of the stays at 193 pounds
pressure. Bv these experiments it was
shown that an extraordinary pressure is neces
sary to rupture even the weakest parts of boilers,
as ordinarily constructed—namely, the flat sur
faces; and it became fully evident that further
and different experiments must be tried in order
to determine why boilers explode at pressures
generally lower than those to which both these
boilers had been subjected, or else it must be be
lieved, either that the pressures are much greater
than has been supposed or indicated by eteam
guages and safety-valves, or that some force is
acting upon the boilers not indicated by the or
dinary meters placed upon them. These experi
ments, together with others for the same purpose
made at Hoboken on tfie 2d of September, were
made by the united railroad companies of New
Jersey, and will be further continued, doubtless
with results of interest and importance to science
and humanity.
mßcellanceiiM IleniM.
An American husband in Paris recently gave
his wife his last SSOOO to spend in the shops,
and then shot himself through the head. He
was virtuous and happy previous to his mar
riage, but the woman proved wildly extrava
gant and ruined him.
The deepening of James river from Richmond,
Va., to the sea, to fifteen feet at low tide, the
building of a tunnel, to cost $200,000, to termi
nate a railroad route, and the annexation of
Manchester, a promising town, arc Richmond’s
three great works for the coming year.
Miss L. M. Alcott, it is said, complains of the
republication of her “Morning Glories and
other stories,” by a New York house, as an in
jury tv her reputation, though not to her legal
rights. The stories are considered by her as
crude juvenile efforts, too far below her present
reputation to be circulated.
The prisoners in the Cairo (Ill.) jail held a
meeting recently to express their approval of a
new stove recent ly put in the jail. One of the pris
oners addressed the meeting as follows:—“I have
seen many stoves in my life, and hava had the
honor of occupying cells in jails in which stoves
of more than ordinary pretensions dispelled the
cold; but the stove now in our presence, the
genial heat from which feels so very grateful to
us, is the best stove that has, so far come within
the scope of my observation. I would, therefore,
move that in the sense of this meeting the city
authorities of Cairo are bricks, and deserve our
heartfelt thanks.”
A New Mode of Hunting.—Some days
since a little boy named George Cole, aged
eleven years, of Sulphur Springs, was sitting
down by the side of a stump in a field, when a
flock of wild geese alighted near him in the field,
and in such a position that the stump hid him
from their view. The boy remained still as a
mouse, until presently a large goose, wishing to
change his feeding ground, flew directly over the
stump. The boy made a grab at it and caught
it between the legs, and after a severe fight with
it, and after being dragged some distance by it,
succeeded in conquering it, and carried it
home, and had the satisfaction of eating a por
tion of it for his dinner.-- Hillxboro (Mo.) Demo
crat.
Cheapest lot of blankets ever shown in Wor
cester just received at Dutton’s, Cystal Palace.
Those new poplins and plaids at the Palace are
thejchcapest in the state, Boston not excepted.
Best quality French confectionery at forty cents
per pound at the Palace. Buy for Thanksgiving
and Christmas.
Marsh’s best Havana cigars.
Abbott will sell sleighs, horses and carriages for
A. K. Richmond, No. 30 Waldo street, this forenoon
at ten o’clock.
The place to buy boots, shot’s and rubbers cheap
is at the Boston shoe store, 14 Front street, especial
ly men’s rubber boots.
Dr. O. Fitzgerald, clairvoyant physician, will be
at the Lincoln house next Tuesday, Dec. sth, and
may be seen there during the remainder of the
week.
Pretty styles in bonnets and hats at Roche's, 138
Main street, old No. 30.
Mrs. Souther’s private school will begin Monday
morning, December 4th.
At Weinberg Bros., 357 Main st., just received,
a new lot of the celebrated Joseph kid gloves, SI
a pair. Every pair warranted; also a new assort
ment of kid gauntlet gloves.
Sufferers from rheumatism, &c., be advised, avail
yourselves of this, likely the last bpportunity of
visiting Prof. Mac, at the Lincoln House. Lady
sufferers and patients read advertisement in anoth
er column,
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New York, Dec. I.—Monev was active and strong at
7 per cent u renev to gold Ills believed that fully two
millions arc lockoil up. This afternoon the Broadway
bank called In some loans to meet city revenue bonds
due to-day. Two prominent bear houses were active
Iwrrower-’ Discounts du'i at 80 84 percent. Advices
from Washing on 8 ate that the total gold check-* uiven
out thus far in payment tor 5-20 bonds amount to $10,000,-
000. The irennuiy to-day paid ont $.’,800,000 gold on
account ot these checks making the total payment* thus
tar $6,800,000. Sie.ling exchange dull at *O9 (it 1094.
Goll dull and lower, c'. -ing heavy, at 110*4 (ij 110'».
Loans were 2 6 per cent for carrying, and the clearings
J 4 i.i'OO.oOO. Governments steady, with a fair German
demand. State securities dull I lie slock market was
unfavorably affected In- the activity in money, ami price*
dropped 4 (a percent; at the close the market was
steady, with slight recovery from the lowest point, the
dealings being limited ami uevoi I of interest.
Un.Ltu biaieb aixeb. IBai H 74
United States 5-20’8, 1862, coupons 111 X
1864. in
1865. 1114
now 1865, IM 4
1567, H4H
1868, 114 4
10-408 IO9«
United States currency hs 113
Western Union Telegraph company 674
Pacific Mail Steamship company 4'4
N. Y. Central A Hudson River consol’d, 924
do do do do scrip 87
Erl** railroad 31
do preferred 60
Harlem railroad 118
do preferred 118
Balding railroad 1144
Michigan Centra) railroad 1174
Union Pacific, railroad stock 264
Panama railroad 55
Lake snore <K Michigan Southern hit
Illinois Central railroad 132
Cleveland and Pittsburg railroad 125%
Chicago and Northwestern railroad 604
dn do "referred 894
Cleveland. Columbus A Cincinnati railroad. .85*4
New Jersey Central railroad 1104
viucagu Auca island rauroad 1034
Milwaukee and St. Paul railroad 55
do do pref 78 4
Toledo and Wabash railroad «34
do pref 82
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 954
Ailun aiid Terre Haute railroad 16
do preferred ,55
Chicago and Alton railroad JIM
do preferred. 120
Ohio and Mississippi railroad..-., 42 4
HaHrOM und Erie railroad 24
Columbus.( iitHumdl ft Ind. Central It H ....184
Chicago, Burlington find Quincy It K 129
Hannibal and St Joseph h H al
Central Pacific gold bonds 103 i
Un>on Pacitle. railroad Ist inert. 65.. 91
1 nh.’n Pacifle land grants
Union l’achic railroad income 10s S 3
Tennessee state h's. new 65.4
Virginia state 6*B, new 67
Missouri stale 6s 97
Norih Carolina state (is, new...,, 15
South Carolina Cs new 34
B-HTON SALES-DCc. 1.
S2.iM»O Boston city 6s. 1877 lOG’i
Si!s.<KMi Hartford and Erie railroad 7s. new
$6,000 Michigan Central RR. 8s
SI,OOO Union Pacific railroad (is 88h
$5,000 Union Pacific railroad income 10s 80 4
$2,21H» Vermont Central railroad Ist mort. 7s 84@844
I Boston and Providence railroad 144
10 Chicago. Burlington and Quincy R II 129
12 Eastern railroad 108 K
901 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad.... 7Ufcr4H
51 Michigan Centra railroad Uh
405 do do rights
07 Ogdensburg A Lake Champlain It It 894G IH4
4> flO do pref 1(4
9 Phil.. Wi’.and Baltimore raßroau o;
200 ('in. Sandusky «fc Clevdarkl B B 20@2*j?4
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
Nkw York. Dec. I.—Cotton unchanged; sales I'2*s
bales; middling uplands 19c Flour 5 10c better;
sales 8550 bbls; state $5.80 7.10; Ohio $6.50 (it 7.10;
Western $5.80 (d) 7.30- BOiilhern $6,80 (3 9,25. Wheat 1
2c higher: salesß7,ooo Hush} No 2 spring $1,50 1,52;
white sl/65 1,714 winter fed Western SI,(U) 1,61;
white aiichigan $1.65 ((1, 1.71. Cdrn Id Itighef; sales 79.000
bush; niix<-d western 794 Stic afloat; Oats higher;
sales 74.000 hush at 51 55c Beef qUiet. Pork firmer 1
mess $11.25 13, >7. closing at $13,50. Lard stead* at 9 M
9 4c. Butter dull. Whiskey 9 c Rice tlrm at W oc.
Sugar active and easier; Muscovado 9 (a. 94c; rennfflfi
94 94e. Coffee firm and ‘inlet; Kin 18 20c Molas-
ses quiet; New Orleans 45 (<n 58c. Spirits turpentine
•lull at 65 ((t 65.4 c; rosin unchanged, at $4.75 mTstrained.
Petroleum steady; eriule 124 13c refined ‘Ec. Tnl
low heavy a> 94 (tf<9’».
CinCAuo. Dec. 1. Flour unchanged. Wheat opened
qit Ci ami lower, but partly recovered at the c ose; No 1
springsl,23M; Nu2(sl loX} No 3, $1.09; No 2 spring
seller Dec 'inbc $1,194, sfeudr Idst hall December $1,204,
seller January $1,214. Coni firirt arid In fair demand;
No 2 mixed4l'<e; rejected 39c; mixed seller. December
41Sc. seller January 41 4 s 414 c, seller February 43e,
seller April 45 (a, 45 sc Rye dull ami lower; No 2j «l 4
(s(n 4c. Oats firm and in fair demand on speculative
accofint.- Barley in fair demand; No 2 spring 61c; No 3.
50 (a. sie; rejeete 144 46c. Pork opened firm and fell
at the close; early >alerf ai 613,25 cash or seller Decem
ber, seller January $13,50 13/*2, seller Februarv $13,75
(a 13,87. seller March $13,87 4 (tu If 00; closing quiet at
sl3 cash. Lard firm and in fair demand at flMc eash or
seller December, sC'lerJanuarv 84 SJic.selle/
ary 9c, seller March 94c. Green meats firm; hams Ml
(a. 7hc; shoulders 3?* 4c; shoi t ribs 54 vn sbe: short
clear sbe. Live hoss active and higher ai $4 (ol $4.30.
Receipts—2ooo libls flour. 17.000 hush wheat. 107.000 bush
corn. 311.000 biisb oats, 15.000 bush 1 ye, 10.000 bush bar
ley. 35.000 hogs. Shipment—3ooo bids flour. 29 000 bush
wheat. 129,000 bnsh corn, 58,000 bush oats, 1000 bush rye,
33.000 bush barley, 6000 hogs Recelp s of hogs fur No
vember 379,000; November last year 205.000.
CINCINNATI, Dec. I.—Fork buoyant and unsettled; sl3
offered, $13,25 asked, seller December or January; sales
ill $13.25 cash, kird active and higher; steam «Mc. ket
tle 9c Bulk meats—demand light ami holders firm;
shoulders 5 !»lli 56c; clear rib sides 54 He; c ear sides
6 4 (<£64c. Bacon unchanged. Hogs dull at $4,30.©
4,4-5; receipts tor two days 26.0(H). Whiskey 90c.
Foreign Markets.—[Bv Atlantic Cable.j
London. Dec. I.—Consols 924 924. r. S 5-20 s,
1862. 924; do. 1865, old. 924; do. 1867, 95; U. 8. ten
forties 904.
Liverpool. Dee. 1 —Cotten closed middling uplands
94; do. Orleans 94 10<l; sales 12,000 bale*.
Butter and cheese are almost indispenMiMc articles of
food. Propeiiy used, they arc nutritious and healthy;
but an inordinate use of either causes indigestion and
dyspepsia. Parson’s I’itrgative Pills, judiciously
used, will remove both of these troubles.
Have you ague In the face; and is it badly swollen?
Have von seven* pain in Ilie chest, back or side? Have
you cramps or paiils in the stomach or bowels? Have
you bilious colic or severe griping pains? If so, use
Johnson’s Anodyne Liniment.
Kidney, bladder and glandular diseases need no longer
be regarded as incurable. The Introduction of Smoland
er's Buchu, which is one of the perfections us medical
science, is now regularly prescribed for such, as well as
for all diseases of the urino-genital organs In either sex.
it is a diuretic solvent ami alterative, and imparts lone
and vigor to the whole human frame.
n2B deopAwlw
Throw Not People's Faults in their teeth, lor there
are few teeth that have not faults of their own. There
is but one way to preserve them without spot or blem
ish, ami that is by the dally use of the best dentrifice in
existence, fragrant Sozodont. cool, refreshing and
agreeable. dTuA-Fr n‘2B
Special flotias.
ratents Secured.
Re-issues. Extensions, ami Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE.
Transfers of Rights, and Patent Cases attended to. by
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester,Mass.
Office No. 303 Main St.
al2 dtf
Worcester Five Cents Savings Hank.
OFFICE, NO. »8 MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business day, from nine o’clock
in the morning to five o'clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received, and put upon interest on the first of every
month.
Dividends of Interest are made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn arc added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
hits. CLARENDON HARRIS,
J y 9 dtf Treasurer.
Fh« Worcester Mechunir* Savings Hank
IN CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
Ths Bank is open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Dsposits put upon interest on the Fifteenth day o»
Meh month.
Semi-annual Dividends In January and July.
HARRISON BLISS President.
H. Woodward.Treas’r.
deci dawtf
Fcopir’a Saving* IBank,
452 MAIN ST.
OcpoMit* Nov. I,’Tl 55,040,035 88.
Deposits are put on interest on the first day of every
month.
The net profits arc dhided .semi-annually, in February
and August.
In adilitlon to the usual Rank Hours, Hie Bank isopen
from 6 to 8 o’clock Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT. Treas.
Worcester. Nov. 2.1871. dAwtf n 2
Worcester County ln»titution for Savings
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8, 1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 #4,5415,845 »O.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK. President.
_dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
The True Ground* of Confidence.
Whence comes that firm reliance, that absolute, un
(loubling faith hi the efficacy of Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters as a remedy for indigestion, bilious disorders, in
termittent and remittent fevers, which notoriously pre
vails In all parts of the United States? This confidence
has been growing for twenty yean, and is still extending.
It Is not the result of credulity; it has not been engen
dered by* any human device, but is the spontaneous and
natural consequence of experience. What people see
daily going on under their own eyes they cannot ques
tion. When families in unhealthy districts, thrtt resort
to this wholesome vegetable tonic as a preventive,
escape periodical fevers, and their Immediate neighbors,
who neglect that precaution, arc prostrated bv the dis
ease, how is it possible that the phenomenon should be
without Its lesson In like manner, wlien It. is seen that
obstinate cases of dyspepsia, of liver complaint, of con
stipation, of nervous weakness, and of general debility,
yield to the operation of the famous remedy, how can
even incredulity itself withhold its endorsement? Eye
wltnessesof the salutary effects of the bitters are to be
found in every civilized settlement on this continent.
The thousands upon thousands who owe their restora
tion to health and strength, or their preservation from
sickness to its extraordinary medicinal properties, are
enthusiastic iu it praise. The multitudes who recom
mend It In a neighborly way to their friends and ac
quaintances, as well as those who make public their
estimate of its virtues, arc always ready to state their
reasons for the faith that is in them. They have all
cither felt or witnessed Its beneficent operations.
dl d&wlw
Indexlcal Silver Soap
Marion liarland, in “Common Sense in the House
hold.” page 529. savs: “For cleaning silver, I have for
years used the IhDEXICAL SILVER SOAP. Besides
Wig clean and easy of application, It will not wear
atyu the metal. a« will whiling or chalk or plate pow-
Sold everywhere. d3m auls
N. Jloppin A Co., CommiMon Merchants
and Dealer* In Flour, Corn, Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal ot al
kinds, Fine and Coarse Feed, Linseed Oil Meal. Me
chanic slrctt. Worcester. Mass 4lf laU
Municipal Election.
The Republicans of Worcester arc notified to send
Delegates to a Convention, to lie held in Upper Horticul
tural Hall, on THURSDAY EVENING. Dec. 7th. at 74
o’clock, to nominate Candidates, to be supported by
by them at the polls, for the following municipal offices:
Mayor, Aldermen for wards 1, 2. 4, 6 and P, and Clerk of
the Municipal Court. The several wards will be entitled
to delegates as follows: Ward 0110,6; ward two, 8;
ward three. 4; ward four. 6; ward five, 6 ward six, 8;
ward seven. 8; ward eight, 8.
Republ'cnn ward caucuses will be held on TUESDAY
EVENING, Dec. 5. at 74 ••’clock, tn choose delegates to
attend the .Municipal Convention as called above; also
to nominate candidates for the Common Council, School
Board, Assistant Assessors and ward officers. The sev
eral caucuses will be held at the following p'aces; Wards
1,2, and 3, at their respective ward rooms; ward 4 at
Upper Horticultural Hall; ward 5 at Republican Head
quarters; ward 6 at (he ward roo n in Calvin 1 all’s
block, Main st.; ward 7 at Natural History Had; ward
8 at the ward room in Ripley’s Bio k, Pleasant st.
By order of the Republican City Committee.
A. G. WALKER. Chairman.
John s. Baldwin, Sec’y. <*st n 23
l£upe psla.
The only reliable treatment for dysoepsin, (which in
cludes indigestion in all its forms,) is the use of a good
tonic stimulant. Such is Dr. Gottlieb Fisch’s Bitters
This preparation ought always to be taken along with
food. So taken, its use is never followed by reaction.
On the contrary, the invigorating Influence which it
exerts over the nervous system, is decidedly beneficial.
In dyspepsia it Is chiefly upon the sympathetic nerves
that the stimulating qualities of the Bitters are brought
to bear, (those nerves regulate the functions of the di
gestive system.) The flow of the gastric juice, and of
the otheralimenthtlve fluids Is thus increased; ami In
like proportion is Increased the amount of blood which
is thrown into the general circulation. In this manner
dyspep iaispermanentlv remedied, and the system at
large is Invigorated and built up—the Bitters accom
plishing this simply by enabling the organism to extract
out of food the nourishment that food contains.
This subject continued next week under “rhe Butcher
thd IJpst Ductor." deopifcwlw n 27
The Cuumc and Cure of Con»utnptlon.
The primary cause of Consumption is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. By assimilation I mean
tiiat process by which the nutriment of the food is con
teried into blood, and thence into the solids «>t the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the slight
est predisposition B> pulmonary disease, or ii they lake
cold, will he verv liable to have Consumption of the
lungs iu some of its forms ami I hold that it will be
Impossible to cure any case of Consumption without
first f<**torhig good dige-tion ami healthv assimilation.
The verv first thing f<> be done is to cleanse the stomach
and bowels fltrfh all diseased mucus and slime which is
clogging these orghws so that they cannot perform their
functions, an i then up and restore the liver to a
healthv action. For this mnposc, the surest and best
remedy is Schenck’.- Mandrake Fills. I hese Pillscleanse
the stomach and bowels ot aH the dead and morbid
Hlimctlmt causing disease and imeav m the whole
System. Thcv will clear out the IiVJT ot all diseased
h'lic that has accumulated there, ana arouse it up
to a i<ew rind healthy action, by which natural and
healthy blit is see reted.
The stomach, buwels and liverare thus cleansed by the
nse of Schenck's Mandrake Pill.*; but there remains in
an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, and
theappLfhc is poor, in the bowels, the lacteal* arc
weak, and strength ami support. It is in a
comliiion like (Hi- *Mt Schem k’s Seawce«l I'omc proyas
to be the most valudMe reme ’y ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use. will neutralize all excess ot acid,
making the stomach sweet aml fresh: it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
ecarty appetite, and prepare the system tor the first
ph»< ess of a goml digestion, and ultimately make go.nl.
heiltlih, »i*hfg blood. Alter this prepare lory treatment,
what remain* focdre most cas s of ('onsu’unlion is the
free ami pi-rsevcfin’a of Schenck’s Puhnmiic sprup.
The Pulmonic Syrup HO irishes he system, pm ’fies Ihe
blood, ami is readily absorbed info the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There it ripens
♦Ol morbid matters, whether in t lie form ot abscess?* or
ißtrerrfcs. ami then assists nature to expel ail the disease.,
mat/d ’u tl'e form of free expectoration, when once
it ripens. I» »3 then, by the great healing and purifying
properties ot’ Scfo oek's pulmonic >ynip. that all Hirers
and cavities are heated up-.sound, and my pattern w
cured.
The essential thing to be done m curing consumption
Is to get up a good appetite and a good digesi.on, so that
the ho.lv will grow in flesh and get strong, b a person
has diseased lungs, a cavity or anscess there, thd cavity
cannot heal, the m uter cannot ripen, so long as (lie sys
tem is below par. Wuat is necessary to cure h a new
order of things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
hotly to grow in flesh ami get fat; then nature is helped.
the cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, ami the person regain
health and strength. This is the true ami only plan to
cure Consumption, and if a person is very bad. it the
lungs are not entirely destroyed. <>r even it one lung is
entirely gone, if thcer is enough vitality left in the other
to heal up. there is Hope. j
have seen many persons cured with onlv one sound
lung, lit® ami enjoy life to a good 01. l age. This is what
Schenck’s ibnUiciues will do tocure Consumption. I hey
will clean our Iho stomach, sweeten and strengthen it.
get up a good digesUmi. and give nature the assistance
she needs to clear the stM-'m of all the disease that is in
lungs, whatever the form maybe.
It is important that, while U Jng Schenck s medicines,
care should he exercised not to take cold keep in doors
in cool ami damp weather; avoid night air ami take out
door exercise only til genial ami warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when 1 recommend
a patient 10 be careful in regard to taking cold while
using mv medicines, Ido so for a special reason. A man
who has but partially recover, a irmii im- eitct' ot a bad
cold is far more liable ton relapse than otic who has been
entirely cured, an lit is precisely the same in regard to
Consumption. So long as the lungs are not penectlv
healed, just so long is there imminent danger of a lull
return of the disease. Hence it is that Iso sirciiuounly
caulion pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Cim
firmed consumptives’ lungs are a mass of sores, which
the least change of atmosphere will inflame. The grand
secret of mv success with my medicines consists in my
ability to subdue inflammation instcat of provoking it,
as many of the faculty do. An inflamed lung cannot
with safety to the patient be exposed to tlie biting blasts
of winter or the chilling winds ot spring or autumn, it
should lie carefully shielded from all Irritating Influences.
The utmost caution should be observed in this particular,
as without it a cure under almost any circumstances is an
impossibility.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and all the medicines continued until the bpdy
has restored to it the natural quantity of flesh amt
strength
1 was myself eured by this treatment of the worst kind
of Consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty
these many years, with one lung mostly gone. I have
cured thousands since, and very many have been cured
bv this treatment whom 1 have never seen.
About the first of October I expect to take possesion
of my new building at the northeast corner of Sixth and
Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies, so that a
person in any part of the world can be readily cured by a
strict observance of the same.
J. 11. SCHENCK, M. D., Philadelphia.
GEORGE C. GOODWIN A 0., Agents, Boston.
at deoDtf
Hotter and Cheaper
THAN ANY OTHER BOOTS OR SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW IP IRE.
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, more Com
fortable, are Water-pioof. and are wananied not to Kip
or Gape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not 111
excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade, their
Durability is far greater, they preserve their Shape much
better, aiid the metallic fastening insures amore Equal
Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The immense demand having called forth imitations,
consumers should be sure that every boot or shoe bears
the Patent Stamp.
Syld by Dealers evei-vwhcre. deop7w n!3
Trouser’*
I have just received a new and elegant line of fine
WEST OF ENGLAND GOODS
For TrotiMerM,
which excels anything I hare ever shown. Please call
early, betore the assortment is broken.
SAM’L PARKER,
n 24 dlw 243 Main st.
Tne
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receives Money on Deposit subject to Check at Svjht,
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosed in Burglar-Proof Casos, to which
the Renter alone has access, are offered to the public for
rent, at prices varying from sls t" $75 each per annum.
It is a place of Security against Pirc or Burglars fol
depositing Vahtab.es of all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages, Wills, Deeds, Jewelry, Silver Piste,
Ac., received at very low rales, so" which receipts are
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. M. to 6 a.m.,
and a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security othe'nvise afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
jy!4 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Scc’y
Malhewa «sc Utiamberla’n,
PLUMBERS.
Corner Waldo and Exchange Sta.. Worcester. Mau.
Bath Tuba and Boilers, Water Clonots, Wash Bowin
Wash Trays, Sinks Ac Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf jyß
Worcester Uas Light Company.
cuke.
This Cheap ano most Desirable Feel for Mannfac
taring purposes and Family use, is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices:
One Chaldron of 36 bushels $5.00
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bm-hel.
Payments may be made, and orders foritsdelivery will
be issued only at the Office ol the Cumpanv. No. 6 Rank
Block. Foster «lroot, up stairs. dtf jut
Awfkll Defeat!
The rout is complete! The lust hope of the parties
who have been getting up Scalp Poisons to compete
with
CriMtatloro’B Excelsior Dye
Is lost, lost, lost I Still, it towers over all rivals, new and
old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Ide of the
Country. Still, tens of thousands of heads that once
showed the white flag,
CARRY CRISTADORO’S COLORS,
and the course of the dye of dyes Is ever upward and on
ward. So much for excellence, wholesomeness, and a
true reproduction of Nature’s tints. As a dressing after
dyeing, use
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
h 3 deopAweowlm
F. Morrill, No. 3 Bulfinch st., Boston, Ma
onsult him in all cases; he is the oldest and most ex
penenced specialist in Boston—thirty-three years’ prac
l.lue-, e 1118 Pocket Medical Adviser. Price 25 cent.-.
Send for It. deopAwtf oft
Dr. U. F. Harwood,
DENTIST,
22 1 carl st opposite the Post Office,
u‘2 d3m
Hr. O. 11. linker,
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st .opposite the Post Office.
n 2 dim
l*r« Henry F. Clark*
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
013 dtf
E. 11. Hammond. M. D«,
HAS REMOVED TO NO. 1 MADISON ST.
Office, as heretofore. No. 10 (new number) Myrtle
Mi cot. dtf nlO
Ou Marriage.—Happv Relief for Yonng Men from
the effects of Errors and Abuses in early life. Manhood
restored. Seminal emissions eured. Impediments to
Marriage removed. New method of treatment. Now
and remarkable remeiies. Books and Circulars sent
tree, in sealed envelopes. Address HOWARD ASSO
CIATION, No. 2South Ninth street, Philadelphia, l’a.
ill dTu&Tli3m
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. E. A. GOODNOW,
•nA dtf First National Rank.
Ecu A- Perrins’ Sauce,
pronounced by connoisseurs "THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE."
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unrivaled
for its flavor. We are directed by Messrs. Lea «V Per
rins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
terfeits. JOHN DUNCAN’S SONS. Agents.
aul2 deopiim Ne York.
Hatchelor’a Hair Dye.—This superb Hair Dye
is the best in the world— pertectly harmless, reliable and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Win. A. Batchelor's
Hair Dye produce* immediately a splendid Bla<*k or
Natural Brown leaves the hair clean, soil, beautiful;
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory, 16 Bond st.. N.
Y. dlyr lylO
•Jolin S. Clark «£e Non, Coiam'sson Merchants
and dealers tn Flour and Grain, Land Plaster, Lime, Cal
clued Piasier, Gr. Bone. Cement. Salt, Guano. «uper
ph isphate cf Lime, and Western Produce, Nos. 237 and
239 Front st.. Worcester. Masa.
dtf JOHN H. CLARK HON
Dr. Park h is removed to City Hospital, corner ot
Front and hurch-trecis. nlHiin*
1.. McrriflcUl, Tuner of Hie Piano Forte. Orders
are received at Wm. Mecornby’s, P. O. Block.
ivlu dSAWIi
MAK KIED
In Worcester, Nov 30, by Rev N Smith,Mr William
Pettir. and Miss Annie Aldrich, both of Worcester.
In this city, Nov 29, at St Paul’s church, by Rev J.
.1 Power. George B st Amour of st Albans. Vt and Miss
Alary A Y Monaghan of Worcester.
In this city, Nov 2s, by Rev A McKeown, Alice C
Alhcc and Condon C Whitcomb, both ot Worcester.
In this city, Nov 30, by Rev Pliny Wood, Win. W.
Lombard and’ Frances L Emerson, both of this city.
In this city, Nov2Bth. by Rev 1' E st John, Win Fearon
ami Ellen A Lyon, both of Lawrence, Mass.
In this city, Nov 28 by Rev T E St John. Edward
Gehlert of Worcester and JnliaM Cook of South Wind
ham, Vt.
In this city. Nov 30. by RevT E St Jolin, Chas M Alun
ro«* arul Clara E Garland, both of "Worcester.
In this city, Nov3o, by RevT E St John, Enos A Gard
ner amt Mrs Adelaide Horner, both of Worcester.
In this city, Nov 30 by Rev Georg*' B Gow Mr George
W Camp of Springfield, Alass and Miss Lilia E Guuld of
Charlton. Mass.
On Thanksgiving morning, Nov 30, by Rev Henry T
Cheever, David W Pond, son of Lucius W Pond of this
city and Annie B Souther, eldest daughter 01 the late Kev
s-iinuel Souther.
In Shrewsbury, Nov 29. bv Wm H Knowlton. Esq
Eubulus F Allen and Alary Ella Allen, both of Shrews
bury.
HIED
In Ibiscity, Nov 30. Charles E. son of John S and Bet>y
E Perkins, aged 4 yrs 1 m<> 19<lvs.
Funeral Saturday, at 2 o’clock, f m, at No 8 Penn ave.
Relatives and friends invited to attend without further
notice
In this citv, Nov 30. George P, son of Charles 1) and
Elizabeth Baldwin, aged 1 vr II mos.
Funeral Saturday, at ilo’clock, a >.al No 145 Grafton
st. Relatives and f.lends invited to attend without fur
ther mil ice.
In this city, Nov 30, Charles, son ors August and Mary
Mann, aged 8 nius 11 dys.
Funeral Saturday,at 24 pm. at No 25Grosvenor st. Kola
lives and friends invited 10 attend wiiliout further notice.
In this city, Nov 30, Guy T, son us A A anti Eunice B
Hannaford, aged 2 nios.
In this city. Nov 29. Alice Gert in le, only child of Win
S and I.villa P Dadmun. aged 1 yr D nios 20 days.
Funeral services on Saturday, at 11 a m. trom their res
idence, N". 9 Cottage st. Relatives and friends invited
without further notice.
fl cto
(X A 8 FIXTURES!
KNOWLTON BROTHERS.
We :trc now receiving some New l’atterns of
Gas Fixtures I
suitable for Stores, Houses, <fcc. Choice designs for
TABLE LIGHTS,
with MohairTublng, which will not leak. All Styles of
SHADES AND GLOBES. Fixtures furnished for
Churches. Public Buildings, Ac.
KNOWLTON BROTHERS,
<l3 dtf MKCIIAXIC ST.
QILVEB PLATED WARE
OF
EVEBI bescksption:
KNOWLTON BROS.,
Importers of French China,
<U dtr MJECMAXIC ST.
pRENCH CHINA,
Crockery,
GLASS WARE!
AND
LAMP GOODS!
KNOWLTON BROTHERS,
<l2 dll Mt clianic t.. Won est< r.
S” L
Silver Ware,
SOUP LADLES,
OYNTEK LADLES,
GRAVY LADLED,
(REAM LADLES,
Fish Knife and Fork. Tic Knives, Jelly and Preserve
Spoons, Butter and Cheese Knives, Olive
and Sardine Forks.
The above goods arc in RICH CASES
Suitable for Wedding Presents.
We should be pleased to show our stock.
KNOWLTON BROTHERS,
GAS FIXTURES AND BRONZES.
J 2 djf_ MECHANIC NT.
J. P. HALL A CO., Auctioneers and Commission
Merchants, 580 Main St.
SHALL SELL AT SALESROOM,
SNO MAIN NT.,
SATURDAY, DEC. 2d,
at 2 o’clock P. m.,
FIFTEEN HA RREIA OF AFFIXES,
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE,
Carpets, Comforters, Blankets, Table Linen. Crockcry
and Glas' ware.
At o’clock in the evening, a large consignment of
Dry and Fancy Goods,
also a lo' of Army Overcoats and Pants.
J. P. HALL A CO.,
<«2 dlt Auctioneers.
E AMERICAN SEWINiGMACHINE
A has no rival for simplicity, durability, and ease of
action.
Examine Machines and specimens of work, at
mill deSU 334 Main Nt.
pALDENDAR CLOCKS! Small sizes,
and Low Prices, suitable for house use, ar
HL AKE hObIKHOK'd.
d 2 d3t 389 Main st., comer Fostsr.
A. DUNHAM, egßg
M
d 2 _dlm* 31 Benefit st.
BIOTIC®! .Ml persons having claims
1 N against L. A. ELY A CO. orL. A. ELY, will please
present them immediately for payment.
JU dtf_. L A. ELY CO.
V ANTED—A young man to learn the
Drug business; must come well recommended.
d 2 <Uf p. U. bKINNER A CO.
Jltto
B 15 A L E 8 T A T E/w
KEADqiARTFRS.
L. A. Ely co.
Comer Main and Pleasant Sts,,
ROOEKS’ BLOCK, CORNER OFFICE,
Is, FOR SAT,E—On John st. avenin-, a
■HI good Two Tenement House; good sized lot, fruit,
IH! Ac. Price $4200. Terms easy.
L. A. ELY CO.
Cor. Alam and Pleasant sts.
HOUSES WANTED.
FOR SALE—West of Main st., con-*
vement to business, a very desirable, good style,
in! thorough built French Roofed House, nicelv’ni-
for two or three families; good 101, Ac.;
will be offered for a few days at a low tl rure.
L. A ELY CO..
n'2B dtf Comer Main and Pleasant sts.
FOR SALE —Village property, con-
slating of a good two-story bouse, 9 rooms, In
El RI thorough repair: good barn, with cellar, black
'*’*^l*-'iiilihshop, (the only one in ih«* village)—plenty
of work for two men; 19,acrcs of land; keep two cows
and horse. Price S2OOO. L. A. ELY A CO.
BUILDING LOTS WANTED.
£FOR SALE—Four-tenement house,
in good order throughout, two minutes' walk
fto.ll Alain st., south. Price $3600.
L. A. ELY CO.
BFOR SALE Two-tencment house,
with 10 rooms, or well arranged for a good boardr
ing house* city waicr, gas; sewer enteral; two
minutes’ walk from cor. Main and Pleasant st
Price $4,090. L. A. ELY A CM
FARMS WANTED.
FOR SALE New three
fen; house, near Lincoln st. two minu'
Bill! horsecars; very pleas ntly situat fiom
Price $7,000. L. A «fc CO.
Near Crafton st., near-
Biit o*- land of 8 rooms: 6000 feet.
Lind. Price $6500. l. a. ELY CU.
ne h-^^wv^il 4 Tw o-tenement house,
Biii rult u rlh: J 4 'ooms; 7500 feet of land; nice
P rice f A frO,, 51:11,1 u wwL
1 rice tx>ooo. L A ELY 4 co.
F°™ M Lot on Ver-
a non st., /Ox 100. _ L. A. ELY CO.
FOR SALE OR To RENT—First
Ii 1 V ,P4B nt
LOANS NEGOTIATED.
SALE—III Paxton, 6 miles from
Hill n»?in r. /V“ ,le lr ni ce, ”»e, a comfortable
I„ r, rm 18 acrcs u d er fair cultivation: will
in I lir con l ill l 1 »t BtOC, i thlOU h buildings
pi™ «i Ann hOUM K rooms: good barn.
1 rice $1500; w ill exchange lor a house in the city.
L. A. ELY CO.
BFOR SALE—In Worcester, 2 miles
trom City Hai), a very desirable Farm of Ito acr<
-Wacresm wood; under excellent cultivation;
..it 11 repair; fine tock of
lons KfloHsh hay; n’casant loca
tion. Price SIO,OOO. A LY co.
BFOR SALE—In Rutland, a very su
porior earm ot 200 acres 1 andsomely located, on
a good roatl, one mile from the centre.
L. A. ELY’ CO.
BUSINESS CHANCES WANTED.
FOR SALE—In Northborough Con
■lii Ji re a SH P er o r A ibagc Farm '4 28 acres, a l under
tboroug‘l cultivation: excellent buildings, un*’
t very way desirable. Price $7,600
L. A. ELY <t CO.
WOOD AND TIMBER LAND WANTED
FOR SALE—On Lodi st., a good Z- 1
Bkiii' e n ■ll° us e; investment.
Price $4,900. l. A. ELY k CO.
MONEY TO LOAN.
VILL make the firs?
c, 1 -1 1 J,EX lon a 'lencincnt ienc»
Root Block balance pavable, including interest. Ac oi
balance, can be paid out efthe ients.
L. A. ELY CO.
WILL MAKE THE FIRS?
T" f A AI 011 a Te n-T« nein nt Frcmb
K »of Block, nearly new nicely located for renting nu>
pose-: pays a J:.rgc per cent on ihe investment; balane
can be paid in annual instailnu nts (including n
tercst on balance) out ot the rents of the property Kan
chance; call quick or you lose it. L. A. ELY «fc CU.
VILLAGE PROPERTY WANTED.
FOR SALE—Corner of North Ash
M;i; land and Dix sts., a New I’wo-Tenement Heus
W»l|i and More; rented low—Gr $690. Price $55 H).
Terms easy. l. A. ELY CO.
L. A. ELY CO
_d2 dtf
PEOPLE’S "CLUB.
EVENING CLASSES.
Evening Classes, open to all, are to be held during te
winter at the rooms of the People’s Club, Brli ley Hd.
to take up. so far as possible, such studh sas are not
ready provided for in the city Evening Schools. Clas«
in Book keeping for young men. and in History r
young women, are already projected, and others wl
follow as called for. Applicants for these classes are F
vited to report their names, with the studies they
pursue. t<» tne Janitor, cither this (Saturday) evening,ir
Monday evening. December 4th, between 74 and 9.
QIX YEARS IN CALIFORNIA!
REV. CHARLES G. AMES
IN THE
LYCEUM COURSE
MOXDAY EVENING, I>EC. 4.
will be an excellent Lecture!
Tickets 25 cts., ler sale at the book stores and at tl
the Hall. dlt
JU BR R Y CHRISTMAS
1871.
Fine Watches,
French Clocks,
Diamonds,
Gold Chain;
Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Extra Plated Ware,
Opera Glasses
Stereoscopes and Views,
Drafting Instruments,
View Holders,
Canes, &c„ &c
Come early and make your selection before the rash
We have the Ja gest assortment of good-' in in these line
In the city, and will sell at the lowest Prices I
THE PI.ACE.
5. A. PLYMPI OV &CO.,
<l2 SSI MAIN ST.
RHEUMATISM SUFFERERS, &c 7 <ic-
WM L YOU EVEH LEARN WISDOM?
PROF. MAC,
A T THE LINCOLN HOUSE.
Why do you ci iiiple and distort your lolnts and be
moan your pains by useless 111 dicinee. liniments, baths
batteries, «tc., Ac., when relief is at hand by PKUFES
HUR MAC’S now
llcnowued New Zealand Plaster,
which permanently cures when all other remedies fall
Procure his extensive pamphlet. Visit the pariie
named ev. n in this city, on which hos been performc*
cures unequalled in the world; also of Heart. an«
Hip Diseases, an l painful or Weak Loins, from Kidnej
Aflectlons, by his simpie Plaster.
I’roi. Mac can be consulted free this day, or on Tuesday
and Wednesd .y next.
select room for Indies.
N. B.—Pro;. Mac, from his remarkable success here
and in Boston, being compelled to visit Worcester va
rious times, lotving other important calls nearly unai.
tended to, begs to intimate that in future all communi
cations are requested to be made «o bis head office. 192
Harrison avenue. Boston, con ducted by a competent as
sistant. dlt d 2
yy I N TER CLOAKS;
Just Opened,
IN A LI. THE LEADINCI STYLES IN
Real Astrachan Sets,
MOSCOW BEAVER, TRIMMED WITH ASTRACHAN,
Moscow Beaver Garments
in great variety, and at prices that will be under any in
the city.
HOEACE SHELDON.
d 2 dtf
300 NEV
WATERPROOF GARMENTS!
JUST RECEIVED I
1000 Yds. English Sutteens at We; former price 75c-In
till shades.
HORACE SHELDON.
112 dtf
Found ’-a buffalo robe, which
the owner can have by proving property and paying
tor this advertisement. Apply to J. M. BUTTRICK,
Hack Nu. 115. u3t* d 3 t