O Wife

The Spy thould have the eye of Argus: he u
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WOKOB 8 T K B
THI RNDAY. OCTOBER 10. IMTI.
I.egisiiiti v r A'omiuHlien*.
Nominations for the state senate are now
made daily, and in the representative districts
the choice of candidates will be determined dur
ing the next fortnight. These are the nomina
tions on which more depends than on any oth
ers. The governor has an honorable and re
uponsible office. It is importantfthat he should
be a man of dignity, fit mness and independence.
It would be disgraceful if we should have for
our chief magistrate a demagogue or a facile,
compliant man, the ready tool of intriguers or
mischief makers. We are to have a governor
this rear, as we have had for many years, whom
everybody can trust, but if he were, in all re
spects, the reverse of what he is in point of pri
vate and political character, he would have but
little power for evil compared with that of an
ignorant or corrupt legislature, and the very
conspicuousness of his station, and the fact that
be cannot divide the responsibility of his ac
tions, is a restraint upon him, from which legis
lators are free. It is a matter of experience that
the executive business at the state house has,
under successive administrations, with one or
two exceptions, and tho-c not recent, been hon
estly and faithfully performed. No one would
venture to say that all the state legislation, dur
ing ten years past, was wise or was guided by
pure and upright motives.
Candidates for the legislature are not selected
with so much care as the importance of their
office descives. Constituencies arc not exacting
enough in regard to the qualifications of those
whom they honor with their votes. They are
too ready to yield the office as a reward for per
sonal good fellowship, political service or fluency
of speech, leaving the more important matters
of solid ability and uncompromising upright
ness out of view. A man not in all respects
saiisfaetory, is nominated and voted for with
the superficial excuse that he is only one among
some hundreds, and, if he cannot be trusted to
go right by himself, there will be plenty to keep
him straight. It is just these, not often con
sciously corrupt, but weak and compliant per
sons, elected by good-natured constituencies,
who do not wholly trust, but are unwil
ling vigorously to oppose them, who become
the easy prey of plausible lobbyists and
make up the strength of every mischievous
combination in the legislature. The nucleus of
thesupjiort of each lobby scheme consists of
a few men who are personally concerned in car
rying it through, and whose election has been
brought about for that purpose. They do the
talking and the general work in{the commit
tees and elsewhere; but they find allies, who
are indispensable when the matter is brought
to a vote, among the crowd of inconspicuous
members, unfamiliar with legislative business,
who do not see readily into the merits or de
merits of a proposed measure. Men of this
stamp can often be prevailed upon to barter
their votes in return for support promised to
some measure in which their locality is inter
ested; they may be flattered into compliance
by personal attentions from somebody of note,
or imposed upon by plausible arguments, to
which they listen with favorable predisposition
from the fact that a person of consequence
thinks it worth while to argue with them.
If there were no memberaof this character, or
this deplorable lack of character, lobbyists
would cease to be dangerous, in fact they would
cease to exist, for their occupation would be
gone. It is the duty of good men in every dis
trier to sec that none but inflexibly honest, in
telligent, self-respecting men are nominated. It
is not important that every member should be a
ready debater, or possess talents of a high order;
it is important that he should be upright and
conscious of bis responsibilities; that he should
have the confidence of his constituents, and be
resolved to deserve and retain it. There can
hardly be any district which does not contain
some men of this stamp, who would accept a
neat in the general court, but there may be some
districts which have not a great many such. The
fashion of making a change every year, until
all the moderately respectable men in the town
have had their turn, draws heavily upon the
raw material for legislators. The fashion seems
to be pretty firmly established, and it is appar.
ently useless to urge its abandonment; but if
inexperienced men must be sent, kt it at least
be understood that character is the first and in
dispensable requisite, and talent a subortlinate
though very desirable qualification,and that it
is the most important political duty of every
citizen to give his personal attention and influ
ence to flic making of these nominations.
The Butler controversy, or, rather, tlie antag
onisms growing out of it, have not yet abated
their combativeness, in Springfield; but there
will, doubtless, lie a milder and more smiling
mood, all round, after a time. The Republican's
batteries have been active, and there has been
something like a return fire from one of the
pulpits, we understand. Now a gun has been
fired from a caucus. The republican caucus
held to choose delegates to the local conventions,
gave the Republican a shot. We copy from the
Republican the following account of it:—
“As somebody was about 10 move an adjourn
ment, H. F. Trask, son of Eliphalet Trask, and,
like his father, a member of the prohibitorv par
ty, presented the following resolutions:—
‘Whereas, the last caucus of the republican
party of this city has been repeatedly designated
by the Springfield Republican of this city as a
“mob,” and an attempt has been made to attach
the stigma ot fraud to its proceedings, and tu
discredit the delegates therein chosen; and
whereas, since the Worcester convention, that
journal, instead of laboring for the success o
the ticket nominated, has apparently made di
rect effort to destroy the harmony oi the party
in this city and reduce its majority, by its malig
nant abuse of those delegates and of the repub
lican votei who elected them,
Resolved, that we deprecate the course thus
pursued as calculated to weaken the republican
pa r iy of this city, and destroy that unity which
is essential to success; that the attacks were
wholly uncalled for, not warranted by the facts,
and unjust; and the republican party ol Spring
field do notjpiopose to assume the private griefs
or quarrels of that journal, acknowledge it as
our organ, or submit to its dictation.
o ut earnest protest by Captain
b.C. Warnner, the roolutijns were adopted,
and the cau. us adjourned.”
The Republican replies that this caucus was a
4 ‘Butler and I rask combination of labor reform
ers, prohibitionists, and sore-head republicans,”
and adds:-“save a few friends of the two
Springfield candidates for district attorney, none
else were present at the caucus.” It is a little
remarkable, certainly, that the regular republi
can* should leave their caucus business to
management of>ucb a combination. It is no
wise likely .that the biggest guns that can Ie
fired by the “Butler and Trask combination,”
or by any other combination, can do much in
jury to the Republican; but wc may reasonably
inquire whether such a smart tight is adapted to
strengthen the republican party in Springfield.
Another thing occurs to us. If the mover of the
resolution quoted above belongs to the prohibi
tory party, and not to the republican party, his
zeal lor strengthening the latter party can not
he strong. D<xs he mean to weaken or strength
en it, by acting in its caucuses?
PoUTICAL.—In the second Middlesex district,
J. S. Potui of Arllnuion is the republican can
didate for senator.
In the second Norfolk district, Thomas L.
Wakefield of Dedham received the republican
nomination. In the Nurlolk county convention
and in that of the second senatorial district of
the same county, the question of Hyde Park
delegates came up. It depended upon the same
state of facts disclosed at the state convention
and Was settled in the same way by' the admis
sion of the anti Butler delegations.
In the third Essex district, Hon. Nathan S
Kimball of Havei hill was unanimously renomi
nated by the republican convention at North
Andover, yesterday.
W e lesrn that there arc several candidates for
the senatorial nomination in the fifth Worces
ter district. Amoiia them are George C. Win
cbesu-r ol Asbbuinhaui, Geo. E. Towne Geo.
A. Torrey, and Henry A. Goodrich,of Fitchburg'
As the southern part of the district l, uß hurl the
senator lor several years, the nomination will
probably go to Fitchburg this year. We think
Goodrich would make an excellent senator,
and he is quite likely to receive the nomination.
He has been for two years past a useful member
of the house, and is an energetic, straight-for
ward business man, who owes his success in life
to his own industry and perseverance. Mr. Tor
rey is an able lawyer, but is without legislative
experience, and would not be recognized as hav
ing superior claims to the position.
Journal of Researches into the Natural
History and Geology of the Countries visited
during the Voyage of H. M. S. Beagle round the
World. By Charles Darwin, M. A., F. R. S.,
author of the Origin of Species, etc. New Edi
tion. 1). Appleton Co., Publishers. It is
nearly forty years since Mr. Darwin made this
voyage round the world. The Beagle sailed
from England, Dec. 27,1881, with orders to com
plete a survey of Patagonia and Terra del Fuego,
and make n survey of the coast of Chili and
Peru, ami of some of the Pacific islau is. She
reached the coast of Patagonia, in July, 1882, at
Rio Negro, having spent some lime at various
places on the way. especially in Brazil and on
the La Plata. Nearly two years were devoted to
explorations ami surveys of the coast of Pata
gonia, the Falkland islands, and Terra- del
Fuego. The Beagle Anally left the latter region
in June, 1884. Most of the three following years
were spent on the west coast of South Amer
ica, among the Pacific islands, and in
the neighborhood, of Australia. The voyage
was completed in October, 1836, when the ship
again reached England. In this volume we
have Mr. Darwin's journal of the voyage, with
the record of his researches into natural history
anil geology; and not the least interesting por
tion of it is that which gives his account of
Terra del Fuego and the Fuegians. Three Fue
geians who had lived for some time in England,
were returned to their people in the Beagle; and
and there was an attempt to establish a mis
sionary in that desolate region, which, however,
failed. Of course, this volume is something
more than ordinary book of travels; for Mr.
Darwin was much more than an ordinary trav
eler. For sale by Sanford Co.
Overland; a novel. By J. W. De Forest,
author of “Kate Beaumont,” etc. New
York: Sheldon Co., publishers. The inci
dents of this story are chiefly connected with an
overland journey from New Mexico to Califor
nia. The characters are New Mexicans of
Spanish descent, an American army officer with
a few soldiers, one of the bloody bravos who
haunt the western frontier, and Apache Indians.
Clara, a young lady of Mexican or Spanish de
scent, and the American lieutenant are heroine
and hero. The movement is determined by a
conspiracy of Clara's New’ Mexican relatives to
appropriate a fortune which she has inherited
in California. She, her cousin Coronado, and
the lieutenant arc the principal personages of
the overland party, with which the bravo is also
connected. The plot is carefully elaborated, the
characters aie generally well drawn, and the
story is well told, with careful regard to the ac
tual scenery and condition of the region through
which the party is supposed to pass.
Nobody’s Fortune; by’ Edmund Yates.
Boston: James R. Osgood &‘Co. The usual
characteristics of Mr. Yates, as a writer, have
not failed him in this story. His leading aim
seems to be to have plots that will afford oppor
tunity for a constant succession of sensational
occurrences and situations. This is a story of
English life. An English gentleman and his
niece, a young man whose character docs not
allow him to pursue the honest road to success,
another young man of the opposite character,
one or two burglars,a burglar’s wile, and a Lon
don attorney somewhat worse than the burglars,
are the principal characters. A great gold rol>-
berv, and the gold hidden by the roblwrs, gives
movement to the characters and events. Many
readers will say, the story is “intensely interest
ing’’; but no one is likely to suspect that Mr.
Yates is Walter Scott in disguise. Nevertheless,
a better book might not be pecuniarily as suc
cessful as we presume this will be. For sale at
Bigelow’s.
Zanita, a Tale of the Yo-Semite, by
Therese Yelverton, Viscountess Avonmore.
New York: Hurd Houghton. The author of
this work has attained so much notoriety of late
years that a l>ook from her pen will find plenty
of curious readers. She has not done herself
discredit on ihe whole. She begins her story
with a description of a ride through wonderful
ly picturesque regions; introduces a singular
being, called Kcnmuir, who figures conspicuous
ly throughout the narrative, and at last ends
her journey at a hospitable cottage, nestled
among the mountains, where she manes the ac
quaintance of the other characters who act their
parts in her story. These are a cultivated fath
er anil mother with two daughters, the elder of
whom, a child of six years old, is the heroine
Zanita. This child grows up beautiful and un
tamable, causes her friends untold trouble, and
at last ends her life most tragically, a handsome,
mysterious English lover perishing with her.
The style of the writer is simple and clear,
some of her descriptions of scenery graphic,
and her delineations of character, as influenced
by comparatively solitary life in those wild re
gions, well done. For sale by San lord Co.
Joshua Marvel, by 3. L. Farjeon, author
of “Griff.” Boston: James R. Osgood Co.
The series of novels which these enterprising
publishers have in hand shows excellent judg
ment in selection, and bids fair to become a fa
vorite with novel readers. Some of the best
books of the season have already appeared in it.
The present author's name is new to American
readers, but it will soon become familiar if he
writes such books as this. Some critics have
suggested a resemblance to Dickens, and there
is something in his story that reminds one of
that great master of fiction, though it is not an
imitation or trick of manner, that might be easily
caught, and 1)0 worth less than nothing, but
rather a similarity of temper, a kindly humor
that appreciates keenly whatever is ludicrous,
but is never unfeeling or cynical. A hasty
glance, which is all we have been able to give
this book as yet, iaipresses us strongly with its
merits, and leads us lo expect much of its au
thor in the future. It is for sale here by L. H.
Bigelow.
The Sparks of Genius, by Elisha Kellogg,
author of the Elm Island Stories, &c. This is a
tale of college life, the first of a scries, called the
Whispering Pine Series, illustrated with numer
ous spirited engravings. Mr. Kellogg’s inven
tion is very fertile. His stories are always full
of exciting incidents, told in a way that boys,
and often older people too, find very captivating.
This new series promises to be as popular as
those which have preceded it. It is published
by Lee Shepard, Boston, and for sale here by
L. H. Bigelow.
“Fire in the Woods’’ is the title of the
fourth volume of the “B. O. W. C. Series,” pub
lished by Lee Shepard, Boston. Professor
James de Millc is the author, and the charac
ters introduced in the previous volumes,continue
their adventures in this; but the scenes are new,
and the “Fire in the Woods” occasioned only a
portion of them. For sale at Bigelow’s.
“Little Jaket,” written by Mrs. S. il.de
Kroyft, and published by Hurd Houghton,
New York, tells the story of a blind German
child, or, rather, relates how it was told by the
lx>y himself, in several conversations. The book
is handsomely printed and bound, and it is well
supplied with pictorial illustrations. The pre
face states that it is not a work of fiction. For
sale bv .Sanford Co.
A Journey Round My- Room; by Xavier de
Maistre. Translated from the French, with a
notice of the author’s life. New York: Hurd
Houghton. This work was written during
the author’s forty-two days of imprisonment at
Turin. It is one of those productions which can
not be written without genius for producing
them. It is well translated; that is to say, as
well as possible; for this is one of the cases in
which the style is an essential part of the work;
and here, “Ze style ne traduit pas* I —“style is un
translatable.” For sale by Sanford Co.
The Diamond on the Hearth, a novel by
Marian Janies, author of “Ethel,” etc. New
York: D. Appleton Co. This story is better
than the average now-a days, less sensational and
more natural. The scene is laid in England;
the characters are au author, his family, friends
and acquaintances. The character of the hero
iue is drawn with a nice baud. We find her
charming, and are glad when, at the conclusion
of the story, her troubles come to a happy end
ing. The l*ook is for sale by Sanford Co.
Our Mutual Friend, by Charles Dickens.
This is the sixth volume of D. Appleton Co.’s
Handy Volume Scries of Dickens’ works. It
bus illustrations by George Cruikshank, John
Leech and H. K. Browne. For sale at Sanford’s.
The Sunday Magazine, for October, has
the beginninga of two new stories: “The Vicar’s
Daughter” by George MacDonald, aud “Marga
ret” by the author of Jmiuiue Leigh. There i*
übf Jhiln Spn: Worcester, cTbursban gaming, (October 19, 1871.
I also the first of a series of papers, entitled “Pre
miums Paid to Experience,” by Edward Garrett*
i who is favorably known as the author of “Oc
cupationi of a Retired Life.” There are other
I articles of interest by skilled writers, and the il
lustrations have much merit.
The Cradle of the Fart*.
Major John Hay writes as follows to the New
York Tribune:
Mau is the only animal who wastes his time
in efforts to find out how things began for the
mere pleasure of knowing. We are not satisfied
with our pleasures until we have poisoned I Inin
w ith the flavor of realism. We pursue our Bur
gundy until we have hunted it down to the vats
where it spirts under the broad feet of rhe peas
ants of Beaune. And we are equally unwise in
dwelling on the source of our troubles, instead
of looking forward to the cm! of them,and then
forgetting them wholly. Hie Nile is better
worth seeing at Karnak and Cairo than at Ny.
anza. The Mississippi is a far more enjoyable
stream at Spunky point or Alton than nt itusu
ca lake. Yet, good men, sensible in the main,
waste their Ilves in tracking them to those sav
age thickets, where nature has hidden away
their cradles sate from the tread of the world.
I sec the lolly of all this plainly enough, but
the human nature in me will not let me follow
my own precept. I have here before me six
miles, more or less, of the finest conflagration
ever seen. I have smoking ruins and ruins
which have broken themselves of smoking;
churches as romantic in their dilapidation as
Melrose by moonlight; mountains of brick and
mortar and forests of springing chimneys; but
I turned Irom them all this morning to hunt tor
the spot where the tire started. It is the gr. at
est and most brilliant apparition of the nine
teenth century —more reckless than Fisk, more
remorseless than Bismarck. Some details of its
early life might not be without edification.
There may be lessons in its cradle and in its
grave. These were the thoughs that justified
me in going to Dekoven street, though the real
reason was that I was curious to see the first
footprint of the monster who had trampled a
great city out of existence in a day.
Nothing could be more ignoble and common
place than this quarter of Chicago. 1 reached
It by crossing over the long drawbridge at
Twelfth street, which was swinging graceful I v
on its pivot as I came. The streets were aII filled
with wagons loaded down with furniture, which
exposed to the gaze of the loungers the broken
life of the family. The air of the quarter was
wholly foreign and not quite reputable. Even
the little church ot St. Wenzel added to the Bo
hemian air of the district. German volunteers
WCTB guarding the relief stores from hungry
who would make irregular forays on the
provisions. Both sides thought their dignity re
quired they shouM speak English instead of
tiieir native tongue. “Keep your fingers von
dem pretzels off, or you’ll get a het on you.”
‘•Yes! I bet you got a heap o’ style, don’t it.”
Those colloquies sometimes give us moments of
conjecture as to the final doom of our language.
1 found Dekoven street at last, a mean little
street of shabby wooden houses, with dirty door
yards and unpainted fences falling to decay. It
had no look of Chicago about it. Take it up
bodily and drop it out on the prairie and its
name might be Lickskillet station as well as
anything else. The street was unpaved and lit
tered with old boxes and mildewed papers, and
a dozen absurd geese wandered about with rustic
familiarity. Slatternly women lounged at the
gates and bare-legged children kept up an evi
dently traditional warfare of skirmishing with
the geese. On the south side of the street not a
house was touched. On the north only one re
mained. All the rest were simply ashes. There
were no piles of ruin here. The wooden hovels
left no landmarks except here and there
a stunted chimney too squat to fall.
The grade had been raised in places
and left untouched in others, so that
now, as in the north division, the roads seemed
like viaducts, and scorched and blackened trees
seemed growing out of sodded cellars. But ol
all the miserable plain stretching out before me
to the turning coal heaps in the northern dis
trict, 1 was only interested in the narrow block
lietween Dekoven and Taylor streets, now quite
flat and cool, with small gutter boys inarching
through the lots, some kicking with bare iect in
the light ashes for suspected and sporadic coals,
and others prudently mounted on stilts, which
sunk from time to time in the spongy soil and
caused the young acrobats to descend ignomini
ously and pull them out. This was the Mecca
of my pilgrimage, for here the fire began. One
squalid little hovel alone remained intact in all
that vast expanse. A warped and weather
lieaten shanty of two rooms, perched on thin
piles, with tin plate nailed half way down them
like dirty pantalets. There was no dirtier hut
in Chicago or Tipperary. But it stood there
safe, while a city had perished before it and
around it. It was preserved by its own destruct
ivesignificance. It was made sacred by the
curse that rested on it—a curse more deadly than
that which darkened the lintels of the house
of Thyestes. For out of that house, last Sun
day night, came a woman with, a lamp to the
bain behind the house, to milk the cow with the
crumbled temper, that kicked the lamp, that
spilled the kerosene, that tired the straw, that
burnt Chicago. And thereto this hour .stands
that craven little house, holding on tightly to
its miserable existence.
1 siood on the sidewalk opposite, as in duty
lx)und, calling up the appropriate emotions. A
strange, wrinkled face on a dwarfish body came
up aud said, “That's a dreadful sight.” I as
sented, and he continued in n melancholy croon:
“Forty year I’vc lived here—aud there wasn’t a
brick house but wan,and that was the Lakeside
house, and it’s gone now; an ye ll bclave me,
Soor, I niver sec a fire loike that.” I believed
him thoroughly, and he went away. My emo
tions not being satisfactory from a front
view of the shanty, 1 went around
to the rear, and there found the man of
the house, sitting with two of his friends.
His wite, Our Lady of the Lamp—freighted with
heavier disaster than that which Psyche carried
to the bedside ot Eros—sat at the window, knit
ting. I approached the man of the house and
gave him good-day. He glanced ud with sleepy,
furtive eyes. 1 asked him what he knew about
the origin of the fire. He glanced at his friends
and said, civilly, he knew very little; he was
waked up about nine o’clock by the alarm, and
fought from that time to save his house; at
every sentence be turned to his friends and said,
“I can prove it by them,” to which they nodded
assent. He seemed fearful that all Chicago was
coming down upon him for prompt and integral
payment of that $200,000,000 hisaow bad kick
ed over. His neigh 1 Mirs say this story is an in
vention dating Iro n the second day of the fire.
There was something unutterably grotesque in
this ultimate atom feeling a sense of responsi
bility for a catastrophe so stupendous, and striv
ing by a fiction, which must have heavily taxed
his highest powers ot imagination, to escape
a-reckoning he was already free hom,
Like his fellows the midgo and the nit,
Through minuteness, to wit.
A Touching Letter from Chicago.—The
following letter is published in the Boston Jour
nal
Chicago, 111., Oct. 14,1871.
O. IF. Newcomb, Esq.:
My Dear Friend—You doubtless think ol my
family and self as dead. I am happy to inform
you tiiat my wife and babe arc now well. Our
little daughter was born on Lincoln park, on
Sunday morning, the Bth hist. 1 had made a
home of my rout, a sheet that a neighbor kindly
loaned me, and a high hat I picked up near
our location. We were boarding at the Sherman
house, but had to flee and leave everything. I
was even left without mv bat.
Mother, my dear sainted mother has never
been found, and we are in an awful state of sus
pense. Mrs. N. does not as yet know that she
has been burned; should she find it out now,
she, too, I fear, would soon follow her. She
keeps calling for mother—“ Why don't mother
come?” It crushes my heart to bear her call
fbr “Mother.” Wc tell her she Is not well
enough to come.
God bless the Boston folks, and but fora warm
bed and clothing from your noble city my wife
would now have been dead. A pair of blankets
(from Boston) was brought to us in our hour of
peril, thus saving the life of my wife and our
little one. How acceptable the food has been,
too; but hundreds about us have nearly died
irom over-eating as well as from exposure. The
first thing I got to eat was a “Boston cracker.”
I enjoyed it better than I ever enjoyed a dinner
at trie Tremont house, New Haven. I had a
little money in my vest pocket, which will keep
us along a while. Wc have a tent now, and are
very comfortable, and .should feel perfectly
happy if we only knew the fate of our dear
mother. 1 presume we never shall.
I trust you will pardon the writing, for it is
accomplished under many difficulties’ We shall
always bless your people for their great kind
ness. Three cheers went up tor Boston Irom
our little crowd last night. A little bundle of
baby clothes was brought to us last night, with
a label, “from the Christian union of Boston.”
In the bundle was everything, even to a nursing
bottle, a very acceptable article, which we were
obliged to use.
God bless the hands that did up that bundle;
a mother must have done it. We call our babv
Eva Boston, and wc hope she may grow up to
bless the donors of her first outfit. I am your
friend, John Andrew Nolan.
An important reduction in English postage
went into operation on the sth of Xfctober. The
half-ounce weight disappears from the postal
scales, and the half-penny stamp conies into
use lor letters above an ounce weight. The let
ter postage will still be a penny, but the penny
stamp will cover all letters not exceeding an
ounce; while only an additional half-penny
will be required for letters above an ounce anil
under two. The following are the details of the
new tariff: For a letter not exceeding 1 ounce,
Id.; exceeding 1 ounce, but not exceeding 2
ounces, lid.; exceeding 2 ounces, but not ex
ceeding 4 ounces, 2d.; exceeding 4 ounces, but
not exceeding 0 ounces, 2Jd.; exceeding 6
ounces, but not exceeding 8 oun -es, 3d.; exceed
ing 8 ounces, but not exceeding 10 ounces, 3Jd.;
exceeding 10 ounces, but not exceeding 12
ounces, 4d. This tariff is limited to 12 ounces,
and letters above that rate will be at
the rate of a penny an ounce. The English
postal service is now the cheapest as well as the
most effective in the world.
Col. John W. Forney, in his “Personal Re
collections,” mentions the negro dialect which
so generally characterized the speech of the
public men of the south before the war. Henry
Clay’s speaking, he says, was “strongly marked
by it. James M. Mason, of Virginia, seemed lo
delight in the African accent. But there was
no letter specimen than the late Thomas 11.
Bayley, for many years the representative in
congress of the Accomac district. He was a
man of ■•onsiderable force aud education, and f
can easily recall bin tall form, his expressive
face and ringing voice, as spectacles on nose, he
inj I address the ‘Mr.
the honorable member who had just had the
‘flo.’ Keitt of South Carolina had the same ac
cent and pronunciation. too, Linn Boyd of
Kentucky, and Howell Cobb of Georgia. All
these men, and most of the former leaders of
opinion in the south are in their graves; but
Toombs, Stephens, Henty A. Wise, Bocock,
John Forsyth and .JetE Davis still live ns warn
ings if not ns examples."
The Three iHnNked Hen.
‘•Yonder’s the village, Barin,” says my driver,
pointing to a few spots of light that twinkle
along the darkening sky-line; “and we'll be
there in another quarter of an hour, if it please
heaven. Lucky for us that it’s not winter time,
or we’d have the grey coats’ wolves at our heels
before we got in.”
“Are there many of them alxxit here in win
ter?" asked L
•'Many of them. A good deal too many.
Why, it was only last winter/’ he goes on. with
a genuinely Russian love of frightening himself
and other people, “that a sledge came into the
village, which had been attacked by wolves close
to where we are now, on a dark windy evening
just like this one; and they gobbled up the
driver and the horses, and every thing but the
sledge itself—and that was a good deal
scratched.”
But if thev ate up the horses, how did tite
sledge get to the village?'’
“Ab, Burin!” answered the old rogue, with a
chuckle, “that's not mv affair.”
Our day’s work has been a long and hard one,
as may be seen by the smoking flanks and quiv
ering nostrils of our horses, and the country
through which we have passed is not such as
one loves to linger over. Picturesaueness, in the
ordinary sense of the word, is sadly wanting to
Russia proper. All her best scenery is to be
found in regions lately wrested from other pow
ers—Finland, the Caucasus, rhe Crimea. Nor is
the monotony of tier boundless plains diversi
fied by the abundance of life, which relieves rhe
flatness of Holland and the Netherlands. Si
beria is peopled at the rate of one inhabitant to
th re” square miles. The vast prairies of Central
Russia are little, if at all, more populous. The
new railway from Kkva to Balta runs for ut
least half its length through a chaos of un
cleared forests. The banks of the Volga, for
leagues together, are silent and desolate as those
of the Amazon. Along the whole course of the
Lower Don, from Kalatah to within a few h< urs’
sail of Rostov, there is not a single town—hard
ly even a village worth calling such—to break
the monotony of the voiceless solitudes through
which it flows. And even upon the famous
“black soil,” every spadeful of which is worth
a king’s ransom, one may travel for days with
out seeing a human habitation except a stray
liquor shop, or meeting a human being except
an occasional robber.
While sipping mv ten, and munching the
black bread wherewith my host’s wife, a stout,
fresh-looking woman of five and-thirty, supplies
me ad libitum, 1 glance round the room, which
is merely an enlarged and ornamented copy of
what I have seen in every hamlet on iny road.
The heavy crossbeams of the roof, the rough
hewn chairs and tables, the huge tea-urn—the
gilt-edge picture of a saint in the far corner,
with a small lamp burning before it—the enor
mous stove, on the bromi fiat top of which my
entertainers are wont to sleep in winter—the
broad clumsy bed with its patch-work coverlet,
arc all there. And there, too, on the opposi’c
side of the room, is the huge«painted chest, bar
red and banded with iron, which is the Russian
peasant's pride and glory, in which he keeps his
Sunday clothes, and whatever valuables he may
possess, and upon the painting and decorating
of which he often expends a sum which it must
have cost him many a hard day’s work and
many a supperless night to raise.
But even in their first hasty survey of the sur
roundings, my eyes have time to remark one oi>-
ject, which is the very last that one would ex
pect to find under the roof of a Russian peasant,
whose sole weapon is usually the short ax which
he chops his firewood, puts together his furni
ture, builds his log-hut, and occasionally splits
the head of his wife or father. Just opposite
where I sat, hanging upon a nail in the wall, is
a large pistol, evidently unused for a consider
able time, to judge by the rust which covers it.
Our friend the starosta, following the direction
of mv glance, gives a significant chuckle.
“There's something to look at, Barin,” says
he, nodding in the direction of the weapon.
“You don't often see those toys in our shops,”
do you?”
“Well, indeed, brother, it’s hardly the sort of
a thing one would expect to see so far from the
town. Do you keep it to shoot the ‘taratans’
(cockroaches) with?”
My host gives a horse bellowing laugh, at this
not very brilliant joke, echoed by the shriller
treble of his wife, and crossing the room takes
down the pistol from its perch, and lays it on
the table. Some letters branded into the stock
catch my eye, and holding it up in the light, 1
read “April 14,1869,” for the answer to this
enigma.
“1 wrote that,” says he, with the air of
Corolanus. “Alone 1 did it.” “I can write ami
read too, or I shouldn’t be starosta now. Ah!
the first time 1 wrote my own name, I felt as
grand as Ilia Murometz!”
The worthy staiosra's enthusiasm somewhat
tries my gravity, though had already seen the
same thing once and again during my travels in
the interior. The Russian peasant’s reverence for
the power of “talking by making marks in a
book” is almost superstitious; and 1 recollect
being considerably amused at overhearing a
rough-hewn fellow, with whom 1 had lodged in
one of the remoter villages, after reciting to an
attentive circle, my feats in walking, running,
climbing ami leaping, wind up with, “And lie
knows how towrite!”
1 hat was the day that 1 got this pistol,” pur
sues my Amphitryon; “and good service he did
me that day. If it hadn't been for him, I should
have lost a good handful of money, and mayhap
my life in the bargain!”
“Ah! how did that happen?” asked I. “This
is just the time for a good story: suppose you
tell me all about it before I turn in.”
Nothing loth, my host knocked tl e ashes from
his pipe, recharged it, and clearing his throat
vigorously, lie began as follows: “You must
know, then. Barin, that 1 had a cousin, Vasilli
Mosloffby name, who, instead of sticking to the
village as I did, was all for getting away to one
of the large towns, thinking to push his way
there, aud pick up money as you would gather
mushrooms in the wood. And, sure enough,
one day be went off to Moscow, and after a
time, 1 got word that he had managed to find
work in one of the big German shops on tlie
Konznetski Most (he was a famous hand at
wood carving and such like), aud that he was
getting on pretty well; for our proverb says,
“Heaven helps the helpful man,” ami Vasilli
was always one to stand on his own feet. And
after that 1 had no news of him for a long time,
when, all of a sudden, there came to me a big
package ot bank notes, and a letter with them,
say ing Vasilli was dead (may be gain the king
dom of heaven!) aud bad left me all the money
he had saved—some two thousand roubles or so
(about £26o)—which was a great windfall to a
poor fellow like me.”
“You should just have seen him that day,
Barin,” chimes in, laughingly, the ladv of the
house, who bad just finished her preparations
for my further accommodation. “When he
opened the package ami saw the notes be stared
about him like a dog that’s lost his master, and
all the rest of the day as though he didn't know
where he was.”
“Well, you needn’t laugh at me, Vasilissa, re
torted her husband, with a broad grin; “you
kept on counting the notes yourself for an hour
or more, and never counted 'em right after all.”
And the two laugh in lusty chorus. “You may
be sure, Barin,” he continues, turning to me,
“that I wasn't long in inviting my friends to
come and rejoice with me over the good hick
which God had sent; and by seven Jn the eve
ning I had all ready for ’em—the tea-urn boil
ing, the black bread and bacon laid out, a dish
of salted cucumbers, and a halt-gallon ol ‘vod
ka* (corn brandy) into the bargain. .Just as I'd
finished laying out the table(niy wife had gone
out to buy some sausage) there came a knock at
the door. Thinks I. •There are my guests
conic already,’ and 1 went to let ’em in. But
when lupene I the door (heaven preserve us!)
what should I see there but three men in black
masks, and the foremost of 'em with a pistol in
his hand—this very pistol that's lying on the ta
ble now.”
“Oho! that pistol’s a trophy taken from the
enemy, then?” remarked]. “This begins to
get interesting: go on, pray!”
“Fm not going to say 1 wasn't frightened,”
pursues the starosta. “I was frightened, and
very badly frightened, too, I can tell you. But
before 1 could say a word the foremost black
guard claps a hand on my shoulder and says to
me, in a voice that sounded as if it came down
a chimney, ‘Hand over that money you got this
morning; quick, or I’fl send you where
you won’t come back again and 1 heard
the pistol click as he cocked it. Well, as you
know, ‘When needs must there’s no time’for
brewing beer,' so I went to the old chest yonder
and out with the banknotes; but in banding
them out 1 managed to tuck two or three of
them into iny sleeve. The rogue counted them
twice over ami shook bis head.
‘This won’t do,’ says he, catching me by the
collar. ‘We know exactly how much you got
this morning, and we mean to have it all; so
out with what you’ve hidden or it will be the
worse lor you.’
Then all at once a thought came into my head,
just as il somelxxly had whispered it to me,aud
I shook the bank notes onto! my sleeve on the
floor, so that they all tiew this way and that
way. I'he rogue, fearing, no doubt, that some
of them might get lost, pounced upon them to
pick ’em up, pulling down his pistol just as 1
thought he would. But the minute he loosed
bold of it 1 snatched it up, and shot him dead
on the spot.
My driver gave a hoarse, chuckling laugh
of intense enjoyment, while the starosta paused
for a moment in order to heighten the effect of
his last sentence, handling the captured pistol
with a belligerent air.
“Well done,” put in I; “you tricked him very
nicely. But what did the other two fellows do?
Ran away, 1 suppose?”
“You may ask that,” replies the narrator,
with a broader gnu than ever; “they were gone
almost before 1 could turn round. Well, when
i found myself safe again and the field clear i
felt so dazed that I almost thought I should
have fainted; but 1 knew {here was more to be
done yet. so I dipped my head in a pan of water
to clear it a bit, locked up the house, put the
key in my pocket and away as hard as I could
go to the ‘kvartalni’ (district police inspector).
But when I got there he was not at home. They
said he had gone out more than hour before
and hadn’t come back yet, so there was noth
ing fbr it but to go on to the next station,across
the river yonder, and tell the kvaitalni there.
Ihe moment he heaid what bad happened he
claps on bis coat, calls three or four of his tueu,
and awav we all went buck to my but, where
we found Hie dead fellow lying on the door just
as I had left him. The kvartalui's men pulled
off his mask—and who should this he but the
very police inspector I had been looking for!
And the other two robbers, as I found out aiter
ward, were the village postmaster and priest.
And now. Barin, here’s your place ready for
you, and may heaven send you a good night's
rest I”— Chambers Journal.
UlißcellnHcoun lt<*iUN.
A southern darkey, talking of some vain
white man, said he was “one o’dem fellers what
always wanted de tail feathers of his chickens
painted pink.’’
The once natty clerks and bookkeepers of
Chicago are now selling newspapers in the
streets, <»r earning their bread and butter as pri
vate policemen.
The old confederate powder works at Augusta,
G.i., which were surpassed in size or perfection
of equipment by none in the world, have been
lying idle since the war, fast going to ruin.
Thev have now been purchased by a company
who intend to*put them to their original use.
I hey were confiscated by the government at the
close of the war.
According to the Limerick Chronicle, the sea
serpent has appeared to the bathers at the Irish
watering-place of Kilkec. it raised its head out
of the water as usual, and looked blandly at the
ladies, who “nearly tainted.” It was probably
a female sea-serpent, as it wore a chignon “ol
seaweed-looking hair, which rose and fell with
the motion of the water.”
An indignant “barrister” writes to the Times
that in spite of the oratorical flourish of Curran
about the, shackles falling from the slave the
moment he touches British soil, etc., etc., the
slave traffic between Tripoli and Constantinople,
through the intermediate port of Malta, still
goes on. The “barrister” saw five or six young
female slaves at Malta on their way to Constan
tinople as a present to a pasha.
Dr. Light hill’s next visit to the Bay State house
will be Oct. 19, 20, and 21.
Pretty styles in bonnets and hats at Roche’s, 188
Main street, old No. 30. Full lines of new goods.
Horace Kendall will sell farm stock at auction for
A. Windsor, on the Bailey farm, in Northboro, this
morning at nine o’clock.
Mr. and Mrs. .Fames Fuller, No. 28 Chan
dler street, well known citizens of this place,
were agreeably surprised, on Tuesday evening,
by a large number of friends, who called to
pay their regards and offer their congratulations,
it being the fiftieth anniversary of their wedding
day. A pleasant visit was enjoyed by all. The
many friends left many valuable presents in token
of their love and regards. Impromptu speeches,
jokes, music, &c., with a generous supply of re
freshments, was the order o' the occasion.
LATEST MAKKKTB,
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New York, Oct. 18.—Money stringent at 7 percent
currency to gold inUrest; and l-32d to H per cent paid
for turning stocks, but closed rather easier, ami l-32d per
ct was paid tor turning stocks. The discount demand was
urgent, only commercial paper being current at high
rates shipments ot currency yesterday, sl.W,ouo—
green hacks—to the west .Sterling exchange
weak at lOS (o 1084 for long (Sold heavy, under free
-alts by foreign bankers, and a government purchase of
four millions In bonds; the price touched 1124, but
closed at 113 (di 1134. Loins at 3 percent per annum to
l-64thpcrdayforu.se. and 2 per cent for carrying. The
c earings were $38,000,000. It is understood that the
government will sell only a million of gold to-morrow.
Governments heavy and’ lower, and closed feverish. A
treasury award was made at 110 8-100ths (a. 110 47-100ths.
State securities heavy and lower. Storks during tlie
middle of the day were heavy and excited and 1 2 per
cent !ow« r, hip c o>cd firm, with the decline nearly re
covered. .Most of the buslne s was in Western Union,
Lake >Uore. and New York Central. A compromise has
been effected between the receivers of the Indianapolis
and Cincinnati railroad, and .Mr. Lord, former president;
terms unknown.
United stares currency 6« 110 S
United states Sixes. 1881
United Stales 5-20's, 1862, coupons 114’*
1861. 113
1885, 114*4
new 1865. 112
1887. 112*
1868. 112*
10-lOs 1094
Western Union Telegraph company 56*«
Pacific Mail Steamship company
N. Y. Centra! A Hudson River consol'd Ks'i
do do do do scrip si 4
Erie railroad 274
do preferred 60
Harlem railroad 1174
do preferred 119
Reading railroad loi't
Michigan Central railroad 115
Union Pacific railroad stock 214
Panama railroad 54
Lake Shore dr Michigan Southern K 91
Illinois Central railroad 133
Cleveland and Pittsburg i auro ad 114
Chicago and Northwestern railroad 514
dn dn profc’TCO 83.4
Cleveland. Columbus A Cincinnati railroad, .so
New Jersey Central railroad 10l 4
vuicagu au'l Kuca luiaua ra.iruad 96
Milwaukee and 8t Paul railroad 524
do do pref 724
Toledo and Wabasn railroal 524
do pref 80
Fart Wayne and Chicago railroad 96
Alton and Terre Haute railroad lb
do preferred 49
Chicago and Alton railroad 112
do preferred 114
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 354
Hart'ord and Erie railroad 2
Columbus Cincinnati *V Ind. Central R it ...154
Chicago. Burlington and Quincy K R 124
Hannibal and st Joseph K it 55
Central Pacific gold bonds loo*
Union Pacific railroad Ist mort. 6s 844
BOSTON STOCK SALEH-Oct. 18.
51.000 United States Five-twenties. IM»7 112'*
>3.000 Union Pacific land grant 7s
54.000 Union Pacific railroadbs
SI,OOO Central Paciilc railroad 7s. 1883 10l 4
$6 '»0» Hanford ami Erie railroad 7s. new 24
s7.imhi Maine State 6s. 18-w 4
>22.000 Chicago citv 7s 90ta914
New llamp-ldre State Six*—, 99
53.1MV Bath city 6s. 1891 90
$5,000 Portland city 6s, 1877 974
$5,000 Hartford div 6s. 187.» 99
$15,000 Cincinnati city 7 3 10s, 1897 1004@101
$1,090 old Colony and Newport It It os. 1876 94*
>2.000 Michigan Central II it. Bs. l«90 1074
SI,OOO Vt. CH. A Vt. Ca. R K Ms, 1877 1014
$3,000 Boston city ss, 1884, gold 99
$2,000 Cedar Rapids and .Missouri R B 7.', 1916 90
70 Eastern railroad 107*
142 Boston ana Albany railroad
92 Fitchburg railroad
48 Vermont and Canada railroad 10l 4
'.’s Chicago, Burlington and Quincy R R 128
65 Northern railroad. N. 11 Ill*
4 Conn, ami Pass. River railroad 91
100 Indianapolis and cimnnnaii railroad 74
142 Michigan Central railroad
15 Rutland railroad, prei 77
Rutland railroad, common ..*244
6.5 Union Pacific railroad 224
150 Old Colony and Newport railroad
40 Ogdensburg f.ake Champlain RR 874
11 Phil.. WIL and Baltimore railroad 534
4 Pepperell Manufacturing Co 642.4
40 Bates Alanufacturiiig Co 114 M
'25 Namnkeag Steam Colton Mills 12a
10 Middlesex Mills 175
10 Nashua Manufacturing Company .650
1 Merrimack Manufacturing Co, 1397 4
DOWRHTIC MARRETa.
New York, oct. 18.—Cotton dull and 4c lower.closing
nominal; sales Lmvbales; middling uplands 19Hc. Flour
dull and 5 10c lower; sales 93.50 bbls; slate $6 30 sci 7:
round hoop Ohio $7 (a. 7 60; western $6,30 M.xo; south
ern $7.20 (o 9.2.5. Wheat opened 1 2c lower, but dosed
steady at a decline; sales 164,000 bush No 1 spring SI .54
(a. 1.55; No 2 do $1.40 (,r §1,52; No 3 $1,42 4 amber state
>1.60; winter red western $1.55 1.59; white Michigan
$1,6.5 (u) $1,72. Coma shade low< r; sales 124.000 bush;
mixed ai 75 754 c. in store, and 764 (<4l 77c afloat. Oats
heavy and declining: sales 59.000 bush; Ohio and we.st
ern at 5» Beef quiet. Pork moderately active and
sternly; sales mess at $13.30 13.37. Lard quiet and
steady; sales at 94 104 c. Butter dull. Whi.«kev
firmer; sales u t tern tree 95 9.54 c. Rice slea tv at 8 4
(u, 9c. Sugai ill moderate request; Muscovado at 9
Ilk-; fair to go.d relining 9(a94 e Coffee quiet; Rio 18
(th lß4e, gold,duty paid. .Molasses dull. Spirits turpen
tine linn at 69 70e: rosin firm at $4 20 4.25 for
strained. Petroleum quiet; crude 144 c; refined 234
24c Tallow steady. Wool quiet and tirm; pulled at 55
62c.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 18 -Pork dull and drooping, at 512,75.
Lard dull and holders unwilling to make concessions;
sales at 94 94c. Bulk meats <lul>; shoulders held al
64c; clear rib sides 64 7o; dear sides 74c. Bacon
•tilli; ciear sides at Bc—no demand. Hogs—heavy re
ceipt- depress tlie market; sales at $4 (<l. 4 50. Whiskey
in good demand.
New Orleans, Oct. 18.-Cotton sternly; middlings
al 194 c.
Foreign Market*.-[Bv Atlantic Cable.]
London. Oct. 18.—Consols closed at 93; U.S 5 20s
1862J104; do. 1865. old, 904; do. 1867.914. U. S. ten’
forties 884.
Liverpool. Oct. lg.—Colton flat; middling uplands
9 4d; do. Orleans KM; sales 111,(MH) bales.
Special Notices.
An Anchor to Windward.
It is good seamanship, when there is reason to expect
heavy weather, to rop an anchor lo windward.
We are in the midst ol Hie season of chills and fever.
The Hare preventive of this distressing malady is Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters. A course of that wholesome
vegetable tonic will render an attack impossible. Take
the hint ami drop an anchor to windward.
Weak stomachs arc most liable to be disoidered late in
the autumn, when the changes of temperature are
marked and frequent. Hostetter’s Bitters fortify the
ktomach against tlie effects of these variations. Let
dyspeptics make a note of Hie fact, and drop an anchor
to windward.
The liver is more sensitive when the weather is con
tinually alternating between the warmth of summer and
the cohlof winter than at any other period of the year.
This is peculiarly the season of such alterations. Izt the
bilious remiinlicr that Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters Is
essentially an anti-bilious medicine, and drop an anchor
to windward
The wisest plan is to forestall evil. The next best
thing is to arrest it. For disorders of tho stomach,
irregularities of the bowels, and all periodical fevers,
take, as soon as the complaint developed itself. Hostet
ter’s Stomach Bitters. d&wiw o!9
Patent* Neciired.
Re-iMur*. Extensions, mid Foreign Patenta procured;
InU rieicnces conduct) d; all kind* oi busLaetts with the
PATENT OFFICE,
Transfer.-of Right-, and Patent Ca-<-s attended to. by
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester. Num.
Oi pick No. 303 Main st.
_a!2 dtf
■Barnard. Sumner «V to.
are, as usual, “Early In the Field,” and their announce
ment for Fall Trade appears in our paper to day, com
prising a Solid Column. Money that Is lo he Invented in
DRY GOODS OR CARPETS,
cannot lie belter spent than at their Store,
HUT Main Mt.,
dtf Won-c-ter.
Hair ■>><*.—Tins superb Hair Dre
is iii<- W the harmless, reliable and
insiantani i>«is; no (ißappointinent; no ridiculous tints
oi disagreeable odor. Ihe genuine Win. A P.utchelor's
Hair live produces ini mediately a splendid Black or
Natural Bron n leaves the hair dean, suit, beautiful;
docs nut ctintaln a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory, 1G Bond at.. N.
Y. dlvr |vlo
Ues. m. Huppiu dk Co., CommiMon Merchant*
and Dealers tn Flour. Corn. Rye, Oata, Malt. Meal oi al
kind*, Fine and Coarse Feed, LiuMud Oil Meal. Me
ibankatrHl. WorcMler. Mana dt( lari
Kenatorinl
The Republicans of the First Worcester Senatorial
District are requested to send (Delegates to a Senatorial
Convention, to he held at the Common Council Room,
on WEDNESDAY EVEN I NG, Oct. 25, at 74 o’clock, to
nominate a Cundblale for Senator, and to transact such
other business as may properlv come before said Con
vention.
The hasis of representation will lie the name a- at the
State Convention.
By order of tin* ’onimlttee.
oil <1t025 F. B. STODDARD, Chairman.
’i’hr Republicani* of the 3d Worcester Senatorial
Diatnet are requested lo send delegates to a Convention,
to beholden at Horticultural Hall, In Worcester. Oct.
25ih, Inst., at 11 o’clock a. m.. tor the purpose of nomi
nating a candidate for Senator, and for transacting any
other business which may properly come before 11. The
basis ol representation will be the same as that fortlie
State Convention.
A. J. BARTHOLOMEW, Chairman.
Geo. W. Johnson. Scc'v.
RottthbrMfe. Oct. 11, 18T1. <i<.<pt-25th oil
The Republican* of the 17th Representative
District, comprising the towns of Spencer, Leicester,
SouthVridgc, Chnrllon, and Auburn, are requested so
send delegates to a Convention to be holden at Hie "Bav
State House.” on THURSDAY. Ilie'2d diy of November,
at 10 A. m., for the purpose of nominntliig'two candidates
to represent the District at the next General Court, and
for Hie transaction of any other business proper to come
before the Convention.
The basis of representation will bo the same as that of
last year. 1870. SAMUEL S. PERRY,
chairman 17th Repul Ucan District Committee.
Southbridge. Oct. 11th, 1831. dcoptn2 017
The Ikemocrata of Worcester County are request
ed to send Delegates to a Convention to be holden at
Worcester, in Horticultural Hall,, on TUESDAY. <»ei
24th, at 1! o’clock a. m., for the purpose of nominating
candidates for the following County Officers Clerk of
the Courts. Sheriff, District Attorney, one County Com
missioner, and two Special Commissioners, and tor the
transaction of such other business as may properly coine
before them.
rhe basis of representation will be the same as that
for the State Convention.
JAMES E. ESTABROOK.
Chairman of the Democratic County Committee.
SALIBBI RT iITDE, Sec'y. W'.’t&dtc 013
Worcester Five Cents Savtugs KuuM.
OFFICE, NO. OH MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is openevery business dav.from nine o’clock
in the morning to five o'clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received, and put upon intei etton the first 0/ wr*
month.
Dividends of Interest are made lu January and
July, and if not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of tlie following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive Interest, Three Dol
lars. CLARENDON HARRIS.
jv9 dtf Treasurer.
The Wuiresler Mechanics Batings Bank
lH CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank Is open daily for Ihe receipts ol Deposits
Deposits pul upon Intercut on lbs nfteenth d»y 0
each month.
Semi-auuusl Dividends in Jauuso and July.
HARRISON BLIBB President.
H. Woodward,Treaa’r.
deci __ dawtf
People's SavlZgs Bank,
MARBLE BUILDING, 45“ MAIN ST.,
Opposite the City Hall.
The nsaal Semi-Annual Dividend at the rate ot Nix
per Cent, per annum lias been declared.
Deposits are put on interest on Ihe first day ofevery
month.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, tlu* Bank Is open
to Depositors on Saturday Evenings, from 6 to 8 o’clock.
Amt. nepnaite Aus. 1, ’71.. I 70
Number of Repositors 7,7 1 1
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Treas.
Worcester. Aug. 2.1871. d.twtf lia2
Worcester County Institution for Savings
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1528.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each monib
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 #4,505,843 90.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK. President,
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
No More Wet Feet.
CABLE SCREW WIRE
AS A FASTENING FOR BOOTS AND SHOES
is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides furnishing the most durable, pliable and
economical boot ever offered the public, it affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF.
than ever before made of the same materials.
Dealers sell Cable Screw Wired Goods.
Pal ent stamp on all. deopdw o 2
Lea A- Perrin*' Nauer,
pronounced by connoisseurs ‘‘THE ONLY’ GOOD
SAUCE.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it Is unrivaled
for Its flavor. Weare directed bv Messrs, lea a Per
rins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
tertells. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. Agents.
aul2 deop6m New York.
The European Question.
What is the European question to us Let Hiecrowneil
heals light ituUt while we supply their armies with
provisions.
THE AMERICAN QUESTION’
as to the best method of clothing gray heads with glossy
brown or raven black is, however, a matter of vast im
portance to millions of both sexes in this country, it
SEEMS TO BE DECIDED.
If popularity is a fair lest in the case. In favor of
C’riMliuioro'* Ex<*el»i«»r Hair Dye,
the sales of which have been advancing during the past
twelve months with rapidity astonishing. As a dressing
after dyeing, use
CRISTAbORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE
o 3 deopifcweowlm
Hr. Kirktiell’s Ny 1 up,
For the euro of Bowel or Summer Complaints, acts like
magic upon Dysentery, Diarrhea. Cholera Moi Lus. olio.
Cramp, Sick or Sour Stomach, Dyspepsia. Ac., giving
immediate relief. Free from opinte'. and never produces
Costiveness. Designed for children as well as grown
persons. Sold by all dealers in medicine. I'iea-e give it
trial. I’repared only hy Edward Hntlon. ol Providence,
ft-1. _!!?!•! 'vl9
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
and
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worceator.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
feceivet Money OH Deposit subject lo Check ai Siyh:
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALAN! EH
AT THE KATE Ol
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosed in Burglar Pioof Cases, to wh:ct
tho Renier alone haa access, are utr. nd to the public foi
rent, at prices varying from >ls lo 5 each per annum.
ft' pla< ■us Security wiumst Furor Bury’.ars for
ieposltmg Valuab.es ot all kind
Bonds. Mortgages. Willa, Deeds, Jewelry, Silver Plate.
«c„ received at very low rales, for which receipts art
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Canes, and Small Safes an
louble-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. M.to6 a.m.,
wul a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Busiuesa Houra from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
’>’•4 dtf HAMPEL T. BIGELOW. Sec’y
Malhswi Ac Ohumberiuiu,
PLUMBEKB.
Corner Waldo and Exchange Hl*., Worcester. Mui.
Bath Tubs and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowls’
Wash Trays, Binks Ac Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf Jyß
Wui'ceatcr (hi* Eiuhl ompany.
coke.
This Cheap and most Dkmraui.e Fuel for Manufae
taring purposes and Family use. is now offered 10 the
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices:
One Chaldron us 36 bushels >5.00
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may be made, and orders foritsdeliverv will
be issued only at the Office ol the Conipam No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up stairs.
REPAIRS,
1 rregularitlcs or failureofsupplyot gas should be report
ed, and npplicalions for service pipes and meters may be
made at Hie Repair Room, No. 4 Cromoton’s Block. Me
chanic street up stairs. dtf mt
The relief' alh-rJcI by Dr. H*m*S Aromatic Invk
orator, to those afflicted with dyspepsia, inactivity of
the liver, acidity of the stomach, vertigo, depression of
spirits, languor, disturbed Heep, an<l nervous debility, is
speedy and effectual. By its aid a healthy appetite is
produced, and the whole system regenerated. Mee that
each lioltie bears the mime of Dr. Darius Hani—none
others genuine. dlw 016
l>r. F. Morrill, No. 3 Bulilm h -t Boston, Ma
Consult him in all cases; he is the oldest and most ex
penenced specialist in Boston—thirtv-lhree years’ prac
tice. See his Pocket Medical Adviser Price 25 cents.
Send for it. dcopAwtf o 5
On MnrriuKe.—Essays for Youno Men, <>n great
Social Evils and Abuses, which interfere with .Marriage,
with sure means of relief lor the Erring aud Unfortunate,
diseased and debilitated. Sent tree, in sealed envelopes.
Address Howard Association, No. 2 S. Ninth street,
Pliiladelphia, Pa. dTuATli3m jy27
•fohn S. (Murk Ac Mun, Commissou Merchants
•nd dealers tn Flour and Grain, Land Plaster, Lime, Cal
..-med PUsier, Gr. Bone, Cemeut, Balt, Guano, Super
phosphate of Liinc, and Went to Produce, Nos. 95 aud
Front st., Worceater, Mess.
dtf JOHN H. CLARK A MON
Indexlcal Silver Soap
Marion Harland, in “Com«on Sense In the House
hold.” page 529, says: -For denning silver, 1 have for
years used the iNDEXICAL SILVER SOAP, lb side
being dean and easy of application. It will not wear
away the metal, us will whiting or chalk or plate pon
der/' Sold everywhere. d3m aulN
Dr. Henry F. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge Sts.
<>l3 dtf
By occasionally toning and stimulating the ner
vous system with Latham’s Cathartic Exibact, you
prevent or entirely remove .dyspepsia, constipation, nil
iousorsck headache, lever ann ague, impurity of the
nlond, and overcome nnny disease* lo which you other
wise subject yourself to. dlw oh;
1.. Merrifield, Imar ot Ihe Plano Con,/ Orden
are received at Wm. Mecorsey'n, p. o. Block.
jy!4 dSAWtf
Five Per Cent, per Aunue
Allowed for Money on Call. E. A. GOODNOW,
u 5 Wf FiralNational Bank.
M A ICKIBD
In Rock Bottom. Oct 17. by Rev B Judd. James U
W h ttemore ot herry Valley, to Mary E Judd, daughter
ol Hie official mg clergyman.
nil'll
In Paxtin. Oct 18, Mrs Zillah, relict of Silas Reed,
senior, late of Oakham, aged 85 yrs 4 mos 21 days.
Funeral at h‘r late r«’-nhnee. with Mis chirk Pike In
Paxton, on Frldai, :Otb. at 10 o’clock am. Relatives
xml triends are invited to alien I without further notice.
In Clinton. Miss, Oct 13. Mary Wharton, aged 13 mos
19 days, only child of Prof Preston D and Ella J Jones.
BLAKE LODGE No. 49,
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.—A Regular Com
munication nil! be held THIS (Thursday)
EVENING, at 74 o’clock prompt.
Grand Chancellor, D. A. Cushman.of Illi
nois, will be present. A full attendance is
defied. <;eo. C. LAWRENCE.
<•l9 dlt Rec. Scribe.
fit A II EG rLA It CONVOCATION
ot Worcester Grand Lodge cf Perfection will
held at Masonic Hall, Pearl st., THIS
(‘‘hursday) EVENING. Oct. 19tli. 1871.
019 <IH P. 1 order T. P. G. M.
A special MEETING 5 the stock.
xA. holders of the Fitchburg Railroad Company will
be held at the Passenger Station on Cau-ewav street,
0,1 MIDDAY, the 3d day of November next, at
10 o clock A. M., tor the following purposes:
First. To see if the Stockholders will authorize the
Directors to unite with Ihe Worcester and Nashua Rail
road Company in taking a lease of the contemplated
Lancaster katlroid. under statutes 1871. chapter 130.
Second. To see it the Stockholders will authorize the
Director;) to locate and construct a Branch Railroad,
with one or more tracks, connecting at some convenient
point on the Fitchburg Radrua t in or near the town of
oncord. and thence running to some point on the Lan
-1 tMerand Sterling Branch Railroad in the town of
Mow. under the statutes of 1870. ‘'lmptcr 246.
THOMAS WHITTEMORE. Jb.. Clerk.
ul9 d019.23A30*
NEW AND UNEQUALED
Six Cord, Combed Sea leluiid
SPOOL THREAD!
The Best Spool Cotton for Hand and
Machine Sewing.
WILLESTON3 COMBED SEA ISLAND THREAD,
(TIUIIF. C. S. I. MARK.)
Possesses the four great requisites tor a perfect Thread,
viz: Smoothness, elasticity, uniformity of Twist, and
great strecgth.
The results are secured by the liberal use oi SEA
INLAND COTTUN, and the expensive process of
Combing, whereby the Short Fibres of Colton are re
moved. With this Thread the operator on the Sewing
.Machine can accomplish more and better work than
«it h the ordinary article. In many Instances it is being
substituted for Silk and Linen, with entire satisfaction
to the consumer. It is put up on 200 yard Spoolsfor
general use, and on larger Spool.* for special use*. For
sale by
C. B. EATON,
DEALER IN*
FANCY DIW GOODS.
No. 350 Main St., Mur<r»ter, Mmmm.
019 dtt
K 1 N B E li C BRO T H E R s',
357 Main St.,
Would call the attention of the Ladies of Worcester and
vicinity, to their
NEW CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK
OF
Lace Goods,
CONSISTING OF
Real Point ami Point Applique Lace,
Real Valenciennes Lace,
Real Black and White Thread Lace,
Heal Malta Lace.
Real Point and Point Applique Lace Collars.
Real Thread and Valenciennes Lace Collars,
Real Malta and Honlton Lace Collars.
Real Thread and Valenciennes Lace Sleeves and Sets.
Real Malta and Thread Lace Capes,
Real Point, Point Applique and Thread Lace Barbs.
Also, a New mid Beautiful Assortment ot
Hamburg Edgings and Insertings!
SPECIALTY.
Alexandre, Courvoisiers, Perinot, Jouvin and Hanis
Seamless Kid Gloves, with one and two Buttons, in all
Colors and Sizes. Also, a full assortment of “Joseph”
Kid Gloves, at >I.OO perpair. We give new pairs for all
that rip or tear in putting on.
A Bill line of Ladies', Gents’ and Children’s Merino
and Fleece-lined Hosiery, Gloves and Underwear, Dress
Trimmings, Gimps, Fringes and Buttons.
BLACK VELVET RIBBON.
FANCY VELVET RIBBONS, in all colors,
WEINBERG BROS,
a Doors North ofFosterSt.
019 dt.ll
BY J. P. HALL CO.. Auctioneers,
No. 580 Main street.
A UCTION SALE OF
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE!
CROCKERY AND GLASS WARE
SATURDAY, October ai,
Al 2 o'clock F. M at Salesroom, 580 Main st.
1 BLA4 K WALNUT PARLOK SET.
2 laiunges, 1 Easy ChairJMarble and Wood Top Centre
Tattles, Cane and Wood Seat Chairs,
COTTAB E B EDSTKA 1»S,
Mal trasses, Pillows, Comforters, Quilts, Table Linen,
Towels. Ac., 1 Cooking Stove. I Parlor Stove, 10l of
Crockery, Glass ami Tin Ware.
Evening Sale at 7 o’clock.
J. P. HA.KL CO.,
019 d3t AueUoiwor
B BLENDALL A BANISTER. Am tiun< is,
Prentisg Block. Front st.
yALUABLE FARM AT AUCTION.
On THURSDAY. October 26th. at 2 o’clock p. M., will
be sold the very valuable Farm of the subscriber, situ
ated near George Hill. I about mile from
the pleasant village of South Lancaster, and 1 mile from
centre. Said farm con’ams 100 acres of good land, well
divided Into mowing, tillage and pasturage with about
12 acres of wood and t ini Iter, ami a never-failing supply
ot running water at house and barn. The buildings cori
giM of a large 2-story house,' very pleasantly located,
within full view of village and centre; large barn and
other out buildings, all in good repair. The land is under
a good state of cultivation, and is stocked with a good
supply of fruit trees of various kinds Said Farm ad
joins the splendid estate of Nathaniel Thayer. Emi., and
will offer an excellent opportunity to persons desirous of
purchasing a good farm In one of the most pleasant towns
in the State, where the schools areas good as the best,
and taxes lower than almost any other town in the slate.
Cars run to ami from Boston, Worcester and Fitchburg
three times daily. For further particulars inqu re of the
subscriber, on the premises, or of the Auctioneers. Sale
positive
Also, al 12 o’clock M., will be sold ail the Farm Stock
and Farming Tools, consisting of tlie usual variety.
W. S. KEYES.
HORACE KENDALL, Auctioneer.
Lancaster, Oct. 18,167 L dts oW
By KENDALL A- BANISTEIL AuCtlonCCN,
Prentiss Block, Front st.
JJERSONAL PROPERTY at AUCTION.
The subscriber having sold his Fann, known as Ihe
Stearns Farm, located about one mile below City Alms
house, will sell ai Public Auction, on WEDNESDAY,
October 25th, at 124 o'clock r. M., the following prop-
1 HORSE,
6 Cowr. 2 Yearlings, 1 Light Express Wagon, 2 Fann
Wagons. I Express Wagon, body and springs. 2 Sleighs.
2 Horse Sleds, 1 Whitcomb Horn' Rake. 2 Single Har
nesses, I New Bridle. 8 Tons English Hay, 3 Tons Stock
Hay, 2 Tons Oats, cut green lor fodder, 10l Corn Fodder.
36 barrels Potatoes. 1 Cross Cut Saw. 2 Plows. I Horse
Hoe. Draft and Stake Chains, Iron Bars. I Hay Cutter,
Shovel'. Hoes, Rakes, Forks, Corn Cutters, and Sickles;
Dairy Utensils, consisting of Uhums, Pails, Pans, Ap.;
also, 2 Stoves, amt ti variety of articles not speciUed in
above bill. JAMES E TAYLOR.
HORACE KENDALL, Auctioneer.
Shrewsbury. Oct. 18. 1871. dts <.19
BFOR SALE Good two-tenement
house—ls rooms; pleasant location, eight minutes’
walk from City Hall, south, near Main st., in
thorough repair; furnace; sewer entered: good
barn, with cellar. Price S9OOO.
L. A. ELY A CO..
Cor. Main ami Pleasant sts.
BFOR SALE —Near Main st. Baptist
Church, three tenement French roof Hoose, 19
rooms; eleven thousand teet of land: plenty of
iruit; well fenced. Terms easy.
L. A. ELY A CO
Corner Main and Pleasant streets.
BFOR SALE—In New England Vil
lage, nice Cottage House, with 9 gmid rooms,
everything in pertect repair; one acre ol superior
land, well Mocked with all kinds of fruit and
grapes; running waler to house; very pleasant location
-one «t the best lathe village: neighborhood tlrst-clns»
Price >2500. L. A. ELY A CO.,
Corner Main and Pleasant sts.
FO R SALE—At the south end, nearly
M'ii w 'J-’’»«;ment House-16 rooms; Hrat class
■Uli neighborhood city water; barn with two stalls.
J L. A. ELY A CO
IJ dlt op. Main ami Pleasant-I'.
3T FOR SALE A<; ILEY HORSE,
•'years old. thoroughly broken to harness,
H °nnd and kind, and a good roadster. Slav
be seen al the Stable ol H. J. REED.Cen-
si. For terms call at No 9 Flagg’s
Ul^ k J. A. ANDREWS.
•>l9 dtf
yy A L T E B J- B E EMAN
WHOLESALE DEALER IN
OYSTERS,
►l4 Dyer Nt., Providence, K. I.
ty* All orders prompt y attended to. d2m 019
IV ANTED- A permanent situation for an
Intelligent Yankee BOY. ten years old. In an
American family, where he can work for for bis board
and go to school. For particulars, call at the new Intel
ligence Office. No. 1 Front St. Exchange, fliet door on
th- right d3l* Ol>
SITUATION WANTED—To du general
housework. Apply at No. 56 Shrewsbury <l.
oIW dUP
i
Xlctn
SITUATION WANTED To do gon. nil
O housework. Apply at No. 57 East Gold 'I
in djr
(T2HRL WANTED —To do general house*
VA Work, It N 21 L- Ige -t <l3. ..H
SITUATION WANTED-By a competent
'J girl, to do cooking, wa-hlng and ii<-nl”i;. or w ill do
hoiiiework in a small laniil'. Apply at 134 M<. hame si.
Any person out of town need not apply. d3t* <>l9
ANTED! A young lady desires board
in a private family in Ihe vicHiitv of Thomas i.
Reference* given. Addrc-s J. C. 8.. Spy Office.
LET—A pleasant and convenient lower
tenement, No. 16 Gold st., corner of Summit, In
quin- on th. pr, ;h .q.
LET A Tenement ot -v- h rooms in
J. rawceit s Block, opposite ctvHa i Inquire oi
ft" l9 dtf I t i r. UO Main »l
4 BM\LI. TENEMENT of two rooms
XX let, at N 0.2!) I.auivl s|.
rpHB
AMERICAN BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
does all finds of stuchtna. works button hole* and
orerandorer If you want a sewin. Machine, he sum
and enamine these before purchasing eKew lo re.
I. 11. MT<M’KWKLL,
d TL’I 172 K MAIN siR) i
IOMMONWEALTH OF MASS M Hl
SETTS. Wobczsteh, ss. Probate Fourl.- to ail
persona Interested in the eslate of EDW \rd K* j I fS
late of Sutton, in said county, dee.-a.ed, inte-tatc'
You are cited to appear at a Probate c.mn. to he
held at Worcester, in said county, on the first ruc<<Layof
Novembi-r next, at nineo'ciock in tin- fbrenoon. to snow
cause why the final account rendered by Patrick Kelley
the Administrator, of his administration m aid estate'
and now on file at this office, should not tie allowed
And the said accountant bordered to serve this citation
by publishing the same once a week, three weeks succes
sively, in the Worcester Dally Spy, a newspaper printer
at orcestcr, the last publication to be one d tv, at least,
before said Fourt, and to send, orcaiise to tie sent, a writ
ten <>r printed copy of Hd> notice, properly mailed, post
age pre-paid, to each ol the heirs, devisees’ or legatees of
sanl estate, or their legal representatives known to the
pet it loner, seven days, at h ast, before said court.
W itne-, Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
thi--seventeenth day of October. In the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventv-one.
£1 CHAS. E. STEVENS. Register.
O‘» d3«Th
Ildiccs.
A M Blt 10 AN oc ANTIQUARUN
■llie Animal Meetlim m"'h' Ameihr j,’ 1
Society uni be held al the Hall Society wlr-
cester. onth 21>t nm.. at 11 o’clock a m
The Semi-Annual Reports of the (’ouneii .i. nm
will be laid before Ihe meeting.
~H J™ Iheor-iin
WO R I 8T ER CO U r
HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.
The Annual Meeting ol ihe Worcestei UcrHeuim
-1 Society will be held al Hie Librarv. In IlortirultHi
Hall.inlhecilv ot Wm.aster, on WEDSL>d\V he
Ist day ot November, at It)4 o’clock am. to act upon
tin 1 toHowlng artich-K pu
vi'ir 10cll0Me 01,| v' rs ftl Soolity for Iheeiiaulue
2. To transact appropriate bii-lness.
3. To see if any change be made in ihe bv I m-.
GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec'y
H orcester. Ocl. 18,1871.
triinitees.
The TrusteeH of the Worcester Co.
cietv win convene, tor Hie transaction of Im
ll"is,** 1 Tn oii<T7 h 'FTTs. ill “'s" 1 01
Worcester, Oct. IH. Ih;i’ (hnf C S See v
JJAYSTATi: FIRE INSURANCE OOt.
In accor.lanee with n vole of the blror tor. nt lime
nuvilni; liel.l Ihls.l.i’. a Siv.lol .Meellnv' ot the stoel.-
hol.lers ol Ui. Bav Muto Ure Iti.uraner oinpany will
beheld ai their oith i' in W.in-eeti'r,on the i r nb.>.voi
0e1 1".r .■llrn.nl al I o'. loek A. M. to net upon till,
matter ol increasing tile <a|elal of said .'onipanv an I
upon any other bu.sln.ss ib,t mr h gallvcomebworo
theineetlng. r i;. CROisBV. .lu., Seeretarv.
\5 oicest. r. t. Imh. I*7l. dtoja 0)7
WORCESTER COUNTY MECHANICS
ASSOCIATION.
During ihe remainder of the month of October the
rn asurer will he al his Office in Meclianic. H .11 n
Momiat. Tiesdvy. Thursday and Saturday Evi
NINGS only, to receive the Dues unpaid. He will re
ceive payment in Hie day time at his office. No. 26 pearl
st., opposite Post Office
Members desiring their names to appear in tlie pro
posed m-w Catalogue, will bear In mind that Ha-lr assess
mentsare “payable In the niont h ot October.’’
■’l' l >l»nl w -.i, A. SMITH, Tre*
4 MERICAN MERCHANTS UNION
J XPRESS OMPANY.
Worcester, Mass., Oct. 11th. 1871.
Hon. Edward Earle, Mayor of Worcester:
M..- Dear Sir—All contributions of money, clcuhhig
or supplies, for the rellet f th- sufferers at Chicodro will
be transported 10 the Mayor of Chicago by the American
Merchants Union Express Co. free of chargo.
Ver y trwly,
dlw J. W. BALDWIN, Agent.
pUFTEENTH REGT REUNION
There wi'l be a Reunion of the members of the Fif
teenth Reg’t Vols.. at Horticultural Hall. Worres
ter, SAIT RDAY. Oct. 21st, 1871. at ten o’clock a m
Dinner at the Lincoln House, at twelve o’clock m
014 dlw p. F. MURRAY, Act.See>.
Dissolution or coi-artnershu-'
The firm of c. A. Gardner A: Co. is dissolved
this 16th day of October. 1871. C. A. G A RDNER
D TOURTELLOT
7he business ot the late firm will be settled by C
Gardner. d4c ©l7
mHE SUBSCRIBBB fully an-
X nounces to the public, that lie has leased the
“HALE BARN,”
ut the corner of Laurel and Hanover streets. an«l ha.
remodeled and thoroughly stocked Hie same, t.or ihe
purposes of a
FIRST CLASS LIVEF.V AND BOARDIM STABLE.
ami Double Teams furnished upon call.
Liberal patronage solicited.
1K dim* WII.I.Ai:t)
H E UM A T ISM'
Y.>" hell. viclims of Qnnekery and Impoßlllon.l
ill you ever learn sense; do you not km>w that no
medical aid can render you pennaneni relief m effectual
cure of Rheiimaii-m
PKOFFSNOR MA(,
assert it. ami all honest medical men a.Lull the saiim-
Your suffering-, contracted sinews, cnppleu, dinged
joints, and your pockets prove it I rile.
All 1 rue medical works support my Reid
for yours elves. Il medical aid could how Lft ihe
Queen oi England and Ex Napoleon 01 Fiameo uhr.i
from it now. as assured by the press?
I boldlv assert, and defy contradiction, Ihereha-.no
cure been discovered up to the present datu. but my
New Zealand Rheumatic Adhesive
Vegetable Plaster.
Make inquiry of the victims I have cured Dineomlle.l
ihllh wurt.l.) hr m> I' I'roeure
pamphlet tor full particulars, s.-m free hv mail on annli
cation, and y>*u must Im* convinced that I do not Hum
,,UU* J. W. MAC,
No. 192 Harrison Avenue, Boston.
N. B.—ri RTiti.R Notice. From tin nuimmuscdlr,
made on Dr. Mac, his slay al the Lincoln House win
be continued until Saturday, 2M inst. onsudmlmi
tree, from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. flat* o jg
I OST —Monday aftenmon, A PLAIN
d uou> UlUVKIjfr. markM r s H i,7 I Ii f
rewanl«l h> huvliu II
al OSGOOD BRADLEI 41 F ront st. d2l* oIE
STRAYKD From the imsturc
tlie übseriber. in Lt let. (Wi. -'i
wMIhltN STEERS. Were la i x-cn in the
M ull,ea ''.h* b 1" Auburn The im.lei
will be liberally rewarded on giving intbrmatt..n ot imdi
whereabouts to M. A. WHEELER,
"I d2w Leu-.' I.
I !;LA( KAM>l\\
with silver eoftar. but no name 'The
ft rk l r can find hm hy applying at 0 m
st. THOAIAS Gl; \Y
on d3l*
riOPARTNERSHIP NOTICE. The fun,
V ot Davis ,k Knowlton
Grocers and Dealers in Flour Grain,
s this day dissolved by millnal eon-ent. Tlie business of
Ihe late tirm will be settled In D. W. Knowlton who
will continue Hie business at the old staml No lo Grove
J. WALTER iIAVIS,
dtf W. KN o W LT() N!
Salt.
IMPORTANT SALE.—A Good Rusim ss
in Webster, Mass.— The two well known Storey-
Crockery and Gnicery—of the subscriber's <sl iblMu. t
in 1849, remodeled in 1870. receiving n liber il-h ue <,r
the best patronage of this thriving town and Hie exten
sive surrounding country.
The two brahchesoccupy two distinct stores, connect
ed at the rear by an otih e overlooking both, thus com
blning economy to the nianapeimni, with the advanta o
N. A W. and l>. 11. «v E. 1., R. Depot-, m the coinmcri ril
center ot the town. tai
Stock in good condition. No incumbrance of old or
nZSd,Sb. s,wk an l
weium busing- m-mamßng m
Apply atom.'to Mr. E. A. NH HoLS, ontue prem
ises, or to the SUlwcrllHH- al Webster.
v 1 'i. i-;o. Qtf ll 1
JPOR SALE!
boot AN D MIIO£ MTOHF!
One of the oldest stands in Worcester Co., (42 years’
sta. dlng,) doing a good business. Sickness the reason
AGmv’lu- E. GRAY, (of Chencv
A <«r.iy P, ;tu,| h Ex-'rm ;e -i. «t :t o |n
POR SALE!
A Grocery and Provision Store,
or J’ Cßt< r <lolng a paying business of
MUJsio per year; situation as good as anv in the eit\
tlrsi class. Best of reasons for selling. Iminin
p I J r. h? 1 !I'’ 1 Wt* MU, or E. I SMITH A CO., opp
B. it A. R. R. Depot. dtf oIK
BUSINESS!
An, iwiwm wuhluu io Inviwi Jlo.MHn ni.n.lltu
me Manulaetur ng Business, can learn of an opportunity
by addressing, with true name, L. I’.. Spy Office
_ol7 dlw*
Horse blankets for sale a
t<-w hundred good common Blanket.--, well made
up. nt low prices. SUMNER PRATT.
dtf u.nt >l.
FOR SALE Cottage Hou md
■'ll Lot, No. 5 Piedmont st. House contahiH9 rooms,
■nil all in good order: sniall barn, well and citv
water; 13,8(10 lecl of land, well stocked nilh Irui*.
trees; G.tMW feet of land will be-<dd separate if de-ired.
For particular.s Inquire on Hie premisva dti nnl
UOUBAI E GOOD CHESTNUT POST
A any length wanted, inquire ot
N. POND <t CO..
mh'lG dtl Front St. Kxchangn
WHi TIN LAPPEKS FOR SALI
Whitin 3-beatcr Lappcr-, iron traincs, now nm
ning in good order, ready for delivery Nov. I. Apply t<>
CORDIS MILLS.
dtf MilHmrv,
STANDING WOOD AND TIMBER
Foil SALE.—A Lot containing about 40 -ireM
within miles of Worcester, I*! northeast fnnt Gr u
ton <'enter. A very desirable lot. Inquire ot
016 d6t* J AMES l*z;A COCK.
lAßnnsf ORGAN FOR SALE Rm
-ale at a bargain, one nearly now M \Son a- hi m
LIN CABINET ORGAN. It i, the Style E. 5<H tave
double-reed, with sub-base and octave coupler -even
Htm:s, with Iwo sots Vibrators throughout-om 'm tour
ted pitch, one of sixteen led; and one octave ot sni.
base connected with the manual; an t octave eonnh-r
giving etfed of tour sets of reed.-,; knee swell and treinii
lant; sclf-anustlnu rced-valves; improved bellows
coupler connects with octave below. Apply to
L. M. WAITE’,
°«t i Hit Leicester, MUsa
IM>B sale lima: sn ares sth
KESHBVOIK STOCK. Addrej,
A. WHEELOCK,
oH dtf Charlton yejiot!