TUTS PEBS8.
TUESDAY, NOVEMEli U, 1871>
CITY AND VICINITY

Arfverti*eui<*utf r®"Da>'‘
AUCTION COLUMN.
Administrator’s Sale. ...F. O. Bailey Co.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
Will* >r*s Cod L ver Oil and L>rae.
WaiiteJ_Thompson Ful'er.
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
Fluent Hall.... Pro! Stone.
Putdic Assembly-(1. W. T. S.
Al. C. M. A... .Lectures ami Debates.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Notice—.T. F. Weeks.
Hd^on’s new method lor Piano Forte.
Girl Wanted No 9 Deering street.
U. 8). District Court.
JUDGE FOX PRESIDING.
Mokday.—In the case ol Cyrus Noyes vs. T. H.
Hiskell, assignee of Ralph Kelly, which was a peti
tion that petitioner be paid tje amouut of his mort
gage on bankrupt’s estate, Judge Fox delivered an
opinion denying and dismissing the petition.
A. A. Strout. T. H. Haskell.
Huperior Court.
NOVEMBER CIV.L TERM, LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Monday—Au<os King als. vs. Charles W.
Thompson al. Action under 51 chap. 113 R. S.
against the deteudants for assisting Robert P. Whit
ney, a debtor ot plaintiffs in a fraudulent transfer of
his property to secure it from creditors and prevent
its attachment.
Atter the evidence was all out tho case was with
drawn troin the jury and plaiutifts submitted to a
nousuit by consent,
A. A. Strout. Put'iam.
Orr. Francis Adams.
The following assignments were ipade:
TUESDAY.
163—Bertwell vs. Kimball.
WEDNESDAY.
392—Mayberry vs. Plummer *1.
3j5—uewott vs. Dyde.
360—Crosby vs. Elder.
Tbe Belief Fund.
FOR WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Received by Samuel E. Spring:
H W S $5 Sufferer of 18CC, $1
Dar.d Chandler, 5 Alls Staples, Scarboro 5
FOR CHICAGO.
Post Bosworth, No. 2, G. A. K„ Portland, for
soldiers,their widows and orphins, $225
U.S. Rev. Steam hr “McCulloch,”
Portland, Oct. 30tli, 1871. J
We, the undersigned, do hereby agree to give the
sum, affixed to our name*, for the re.iefof the suffer
ers by the late tires in Wisconsin. Said sum to be
placed m the bands of Mayor Kiagsbury ot Portland
to be lorwardel to its destination
John A.HenriqueSjCapt. £dw C Gardner, 1-t
US KM. $10 Lieut l/S RAl, $5
Jas M McDougall, Chiet Chaa A Satterlee, 1st
Eng’r U S K Al, 5 Asst. Eug’r U S
Geo E ihurstou,3<l Lt EM, 5
U S It M, 5 M (1 Marsilliot, 2nd
Thos Mason, 1 Eng’r USB M. 5
Leonard Grant, 3 Samuel I> Kunnals, 1
OttoC Hamer, l James H Walton, 1
Ambrose C Walton, l Sauinm N Ball, fl
JohuDooey, 1 H H Bookmann, 1
Edw Pearson, 1 Wm H Walsh, 1
Wm Roo', 1 c C Hunt, 1
Johan Balmnas. 1 Michel Bary, 2
C H Thomojon. 2 Wm I’m ley. 1
Frank W Brown, 1 Chas Young, 1
Thomas Brown, 1 Wm Brown, 1
James I Juyaou, 1 Ebeu Thompson, 1
Chau Sheoard, 1 J a Russe l, 1
.Peter H Chrigtensm, 1 James Party, 1
Henry Cummings, 1 Philip O’Neal, 1
Andrew U femith, 1 A A Ai, 1
Y K, 1
71
Post Office, Portlaud, Maine.
time of arrival and closing of the mails.
Boston and way; arrives, 12 45noon, 8 10 p m; clos
ing. 8 30 am, 2 45 p in.
New folk and Washington;arrives, 12 45 noon, 100
night; closing, 8 30 a m, 2 45 p m.
Boston Express; arrives, 100 night; closing, 9 00
p m.
Bingor and way; arrives, 3 10 p m; closing, 12 00
noon.
Augusta, Bangor, St. Jobu,N. B., and Nova Sco
tia; arrives, 1 00 night: closing, 9 00 p m.
Augusta and way; ai rives, 9 00 a in, 3 10 p m; clos
ing, 12 00 nocu, 4 30 p nu
skowbegau and way; arrives, 3 10 pm; closing,
12 00 noon.
Montreal and Island Pond way; arrives, 3 00 p m;
closing, 12 00 noon.
South Paris and way; arrives, 8 30 a m, 3 00 pm;
closing, 6 30 a m and 12 00 noon.
Rochester, N. U., and way; arrives, 10 30 a m, 3 20
p in; closing, G 30 a m, 1 GO p m.
North Conway, N. H., and way; arrives, 11 50 am,
5 45 p m; closing, 6 45 a m, 2 30 p in.
Giay, stage; arrives, 11 00 a m; closing, 1 00 p m.
Eastport, by steamei; an ives, Tuesday auu Fri
day, 7 00 am; closing, Monday and Thursday, 5 00
p m.
Rockland, Castine. Deer Isb, Sedgwbk, S. W.
Harbor, Miiibridge,Jonesport, Macbiasand Marlnas
pjrt, by fteamer; arrives, Tuesday, 6 am; closing,
Thursday, 8 30 p m.
Brief Jotting*.
The Commission appointed under a resolve
of the last Legislature to consider and report
upon an Industrial School for Girls will hold
a session at the Mayor’s office in this city on
auinvuaj ucal. j. lic ci'uiuuasiuuci a ait; i>eu j.
Kingsbury, Jr., Chairman, Hon. E. R. French,
of South Chestervilla aud Hou. S. Garnsey of
Bangor.
Rev. E. H. Henlaw will, on Tuesday Nov.
21st, be installed as pastor of the Congregation
al churches of Cape Elizabeth. The exercises
will take place at the North Church; the ex
amination of the candidate at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon, and the installation service in the
evening.
Rev. O. M. Cousens, of Haliowell, will lec
ture at the Methodist church, Brown’s Hill,
Cape Elizabeth, on Monday evening, Nov. 20tb,
upon the subject of Temperance as regards the
youth. After the lecture he will organize a
Cold Water Temple for the little folks.
Cloudman has put the last production of his
pencil on exhibition in Hale’s window. It is a
view ol Cave Cove, Portland harbor, and in ac
curacy of drawing and exceeding carefulness
of details is really meritorious.
Tbe First Baptist Society cleared $50 by their
levee last week, and propose to ho'd a levee
and sale on Christmas week.
At the sale of property of the bankrupt es
tate of Woodman Littlejohn yesterday by F.
O. Bailey Co., a pair of carriage horses were
sold for $175; a work horse for $160, aud four
shares in the Maine Steam Boiler Co. $660.
W. H. Stephenson, Esq has sold to Colonel
C. P. Mattocks the western tenement in the
block ol houses on Lewis, near Pine street.—
The southern tenement is not yet sold.
Cliy Affairs.
A special meeting of the Board of Mayor
and Aldermea, and tbe regular monthly meet
ing of the Common Council were held last
evening.
LX BOARD OF MAYOR AND ALDERMEN.
A communicatioH was received from H. N.
Jose, declining a re-election as oDe of the Trus
tees of Evergreen Cemetery. The declination
was accepted and Charles E. Jo3e was appoint
ed and confirmed in his stead.
George F. Harmon was appointed and con
firmed special polieemau w ithout pay, to be
stationed at the Portland Company’s Works.
Leave to withdraw was voted on the petition
of William S. Jones for compensation for
damages to liis property by reason of a change
of grade of Lifayette street.
Tbe order annulling the contract with the
Portland Water Company, came up from tbe
Common Council non concnrred in and indefi
nitely postponed. Tbe Aldermen receded and
concurred in the action of tbe Council.
Tbe order passed by this Board directing the
removal of tbe buildiogs and stone from the
Mai ket lot came up amended by the insertion
of tbe words “euch buildings as the Committee
may deem expedient.” Amendment adopted
and order passed in concurrence.
The order passed at the last masting, au
thorizing tbe Portland and Ogdensburg Rail
road Company to extend its privileges on
Railroad was reconsidered, and an amendment
added allowing the same privileges to the Port
land and Rochester Railroad Company, on
certain terms, and so amended the order was
again given a passage.
The Committee on Streets, on petition ot
Charles H. Fickett and William P. Osborne,
for compensation for damages to property on
Mayo street, by reason of change of grade, re
ported that in tbeir judgment the property ol
Osborne had not been damaged, and given
leave to withdraw. An order was passed pay
ing Fickett $1115.
An order was passed exempting the Eagle
Sugar Refinery from taxatiou lor live years
lrom January 1,1871.
Oo the petition of William T. Jones als.
for a survey el Peak’s Islanu, the Mayor was
authorized to procure a survey ol the Island
with a plan of streets, 8tc.
Petitions presented and referred—Of Samuel
Rounds Bon that they may be remunerated
in the sum of $240 lor permanent injury done
to their horse by breaking into a manhole ou
the corner of Congress and 1 raDklin streets;
ol Caldwell Hodsdon for permission to use a
portable steam engine at Ho. 40 Union street
(publication ordered).
The proposition of John M. Emerson to lease
part ol the city lot ou Hanover street, was ic
The petition of Henry Trefethen als., of
Peak’B Island, for a tree landing place at the
city was reterred to a joint special committee,
consisting of Aldermen Simonton, Merrill and
Beuter ou the part of this board. The Council
joined Messrs. Gaubert, Jackson and Shaw.
Orders Passed —Paying S. H. Gulesworthy
$.100 tor damage to property on Ilovd street, on
account of change ot1 grade: paying Abigail
G. Baocock $300 for damages to property on
Un.dv.trCe'i ?ayi“8 Mrs. Stevens Smith
$100 additional tor damage to property on
same street; payiug Lysauder V. Philhrook
$75 for damage to property ou Eastern Prom
enade and Vesper street; paying J„hn W
Clark $300 fur damage to property ou Portland
street; payings S. Ca,let-,n tor damage to
property ou Eatayelte street-a certain ria,
sageway to be graded by the ciiy_an 1tll„
above are on account of change ol grades-or
der directing the City Solicitor to take meas
ures to ascertain whether or not the charter of
the Portland and Oxford Canal Co. lias been
fifteen; directing the City Solicitor to bring
an action in behalf of the city to recover of the
Portland Water Co. the amount of a judgment
obtained against the city bv Alfred Roheits lur
personal injuries through a defect on Commer
cial street, and the expenses incurred by the
city iu the defence of raid suit; said defect be
ing obstructions placed in taifi street by Com
pany’s agents. Adjourned.
IN COMMON COUNCIL.
Papers from the Board of Aldermen dispose!
of in concurrence.
J'be orders paying g. H. Colesworthy $300
ami authorizing a plan of Peak’s Island, were
tabled.
1 lie order iu rtlrtion to the Cumberland Air
1 ower Co. was re committed without special
in si ructions.
I he order authorizing the Portland and Og
densburg Railroad Co. to extend (he powers on
Commercial street granted by the order of Oct.
10,1870, to the Boston and Maine Railroad Co.
was passed iu concurrence, 15 to 3. Mr. W.
Fessei den presented a remoustrance signed
by Leathe Gore and other business men on
Commercial street, against the order. Mr. S.
C. Sliout appeared for the remonstrants anil
urged delay. Mr. W L. Putnam appeared for
the Portland and Ogdeusburg Co. The order
as passed covered the amendment allowing tire
Portland and Rochester Railroad to partici
pate in the privileges thus extended.
The Board on Mancfactukes.— The pre
liminary meeting of this body was lreid at the
Board of Trade Rooms yesterday afternoon,
Mr. VV. S. Dana, the President, in the chair.
An organization was perfected by the choice ol
Walter Wells as Secretary. A very interest
ing debate, iu colloquial form, took place, iu
which a number of measures as preliminary to
the successful establishment of manufactures
iu Portland, were discussed, and some sugges
tions offered in an informal way lor the consid
eration of the Board at the proper time, The
meeting adjourned to meet at the same place
this afternoon at 4 o’clock, at which it is ex
pected that every member will be present.—
The meeting will he called to order prechely at
the time specified.
The officers of Central Lodge, I. O. of G. T.,
Cape Elizabeth, were installed on Saturday
eveuing last. They are as follows:
Miitou Dyer, W. G. T.; Marietta Hanuiford,
W. V. T.; Frauk H. Jordan, W. S.; Aivalr
Poland, W. F. S.; F. W. Dyer, W. G.; G;l
mau Hauniford, W. M.; Adeline Dyer, W. D.
M.; Geo. W. Rand, W. T Dora Jordan, W.
I. G.; Frederick Hauniford, W.O. G.
The Lodge appears to he iu a flourishing con
dition having increased in numbers mure than
two-fold within a few weeks. There was a good
attendance at the installation though the trav
elling was quite had owing to the faff of snow,
and a commendable zeal for the advancement
of the cause was apparent. The good people
of that section of the town will, no doubt, co
operate with the Lodge it being the ouly tem
perance organization in that vicinity.
As the Temple Quartette are to siug at City
Hall on Monday evening next, he fourth oi
the People’s Course, we clip the following frcm
the Providence (It. I Press, in a notice of a
concert at which Miss Annie Louise Cary
sung:
“A prominent feature of the evening was
the singing by the quartette of male voices
whose lame had reached us from a neighboring
city. Still we were unprepared for the perfect
blending of voices, aud remarkable effects.
We were impressed with tbe ‘‘Jlymn Cbani”
as a composition, aud seldom have we beatd
harmonies so rich and beautiful, more skillful
ly blended and smoothly sung, aud, too, with
perfect expression. A very dramatic tffect was
produced in the utterance ot' the prophetic
words soon the hell will toll for thee,” in the
second encore. In solemn chant the spirited
“Gay Pilgrim,” aud exquisitely rendered Pol
ka, they sung with an ease and certainty de
lightful, as rare aud fully appreciated by culti
vated listeners. They weie rapturously ap
plauded, and an encote demanded at each
song.”
Emery Cheney’s Chain Stopper—An
exhibition of the operation ot this patent was
made yesterday forenoon on Central wharf in
tlis presence of a number of shipmasters and
owners; aud the test was apparently satisfac
tory; the steam-tug Warrior, which was at
tached to a cable, parting the hemp by tbe
strain without affecting the grip of the stopper
on the hawser. The apparatus is quite simple,
and consists of a combination of the triangle
the wedge and rubber springs, by which the’
passage of the cable through the hawse hole is
gradually checked, and the strain of the an
chor upon the vessel very much eased, thus
sxving the vessel from the short sharp jerks
which follow when riding at anchor in a rough
sea.
Forest City Cemtery.—We are informed
that the Forest City Cemetery in Cape Eliza
beth is iu a sadly neglected condition. A por
t on of the lence is down, and cattlo are allow
ed to roam at will through the enclosure with
out hindetance cr restraint. So notorious lias
this state of affairs become, that it tends to
greatly depreciate the value of properly in
that vicinity, aad the Vroperty-owuers are ex
L L cuici J urc 11 luuci mm ouiuo atuuu euuuiu au
onco ba takeu to remedy this great evil. If
there is one duty more sacred aud imperative
than another upon the city, it is to preserve in
violate the burial places of its deceased citi
zens; aud we sincerely hope that the proper
authorities will at once move in this matter.
Portland St. Andrew's Society. —Offi
cers for 1872: William Taylor, President;
Thomas Burgess, Vice President; Thomas
M’Ewan,Tr<usurer; John Porteous, Secretary;
Robert Clark, Assistant Secretary; H.T. Cum
mings, Physician; William Sharp, Robert M.
Gould, Alfred Robertson, Charitable Commit
tee; Andrew Taylor, Hubert Clark, Auditing
Committee.
Electro Biology.—Prof. G. W. Stone will
begin his course ofiectures on Electro-Biology
aud Phrenology, at Eluent Hall to-night. He
promises to make them interesting and amus
ing. There is material enough lor this in these
sciences, and we are sorry to see that the Pro
fessor has thought it necessary to adopt the
gift system to obtain an audience.
The advertisement of the new firm of Curtis
Davis is entitled to consideration by our
readers in and out of the city. The junior part
ner was formerly of the substantial house of
Ryan Davis, aud is a gentleman of high
standing. Mr. Curtis is a native of Portland,
and returns here after a successful mercantile
experience in Philadelphia.
Pebsonal.—Mrs. Z. Hyde and Miss M. E.
Hyde of Bath, and J. E. Sturgis of Augusta,
were in Paris on the 28th of October. We
also notice the name of J O. Battels and wit®
of New Orleans, registered in the same city at
the same date. Alford Dyer and family of
Portland were at Munich on the 14th ult.
We ask attention to the advertisement of J.
B. Hobbs Co. ot Chicago. This is oDe of the
oldest and wealthiest firms of the city, having
been in,business seventeen years. Both mem
bers of the firm are from this State, -Mr. Hobbs
going from Bowdoinham an^Mr. Bangs from
Bangor. _ _*
MISCEEEANEOCS NOTICES.
Novelty Store, 307 Congress St.
A rich entertainment is promised those who
attend Fluent Hall this evening.
For a few days, nice velvet Turbans, 30 cts.
each, and Plush Hats 23 cts. each, at
Cogia Hassan’s, 129 Middle Street.
Recollect Prof, Stone commences a series
of Biological Seances at Fluent Hall this eve
ning.
Don’t fail to go to the Novelty Store G days
only. tf
Don t forget the auction sale at the Japan
Tea Store, opposite the City Hall, at 2 30 i*.m.
this day. Everything is new and first-class
aud sold in lots to suit families.
Don’t forgst the Phrenological and Biologi
cal Entertainment to be given at Fluent Hall
this evening.
Water Proof Coats.—A new lot of Sacks,
with or without capes; also Talmas, the best
thing out for all weathers.
novl3-d3t 14 1(5 Exchange St.
Send your sleighs to Chase’s, No. 7 Casco
street, aud have them put in order for use.—
All kinds of repairing on sleighs and carriages
done at short notice. novl3eod2w
Gent’s Under-flannels, in great variety of
styles and prices.
George W. Rich Co., 173 Fore St.
Best stock of Boy’s Clothing in the city is
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle street. Come
early and avoid the rush Saturday evening.
Oor $1.75 All Wool Coats are going rapidly.
Don’t fail to get one.
Geo. W. Rich Co.,
novll st&t 173 Fore St.
The Young Ladies aud Gentlemen of the
Mountfort A. M. E. Church, will give an An
tiquariau Supper at Putnam Hall, India St.
Wednesday evening, at 8 o’clock. Admission,
including supper, 35 cents.
The friends of the pleasing drama, “Down
by the Sea,” as performed last winter by
amatures of this city, will he pleased to hear
that it is to be repeated in connection with the
comic Opera Vivia, tor the benefit of the India
Street Universalists, of this city. Tuesday
evening of next week. Secure your tickets in
season.
The Novelty Store will open Thursday, at
307 Congress St., near Brown St., and will sell
lor six days only, a fine selection oP'S'oreign
and Americau Chromos, elegantly lratned.
Also line Gold, Silver and Metal Watches,
Fancy Goods, Silver Were, &c., on an entirely
new and novel plan, for One Dollar each.
Don’t Tail to call and examine our stock. Af
ter having sold in all New England States, we
feel sure of pleasing all. novH-tf
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE DAILY 1‘ItESS.
K VV VOftK.
YVhnl a Moirnon Saint Na>«.
New Yokk, Nov. 13 Elder Liudsley of
Utah, iu a sermon at Williamsburg, yestetday,
refened to the persecutions of the Mormons
aud made use of the following word.-: “We
are God’s chosen people. He is working. A
few weeks ago Chicago was destroyed. This
is hut a drop of water to what will soon hap
pen. We are driven from that State and God
said they should not live there.
The Tauimniiy Thieves.
Ingersoll has been tracked to Orangp, N. J.
whence he promises to return to-day il he can
Hod a million bail.
President Coni in of the Hoard of Aldermeu
states that the jniut committee ol investiga
tion will make oilieial reports of the city and
county accounts ou Wednesday wiihout fear
or favor. He says the reports will astonish the
people as they contain facts and names not
mentioned before in connection with the
frauds.
Twelve useless cleiks of the.Board of Health
were removed to day.
A .Hissing Han.
Peter Schubert, clerk of a real estate office
on Tenth Avenue is missing, and is believed to
be murdered by a Tenth Avenue gang. He
collected a large sum of money ou the first
ii’st.,aml paid it over to his employer early in
in the alternoon, hut be has not been seen
since that evening when he took a walk after
dinner.
luceudiury Tires iu Newark.
There is some excitement in Newark as
three fires and several false alarms have oc
curred in the last tweuty-lour hours. Kail
ley’s muroeco factory was burred, loss $7,000.
McCabe’s roofing factory was damaged §3 000,
and a small stable was burned causing a loss
c.f $5,060. All were incendiary.
JUrigham Young’s Ambassador.
A Salt Like special states that Brigham
Young is at St. George, a smalltown in the
6outb part of the territory. The statement
that delegate Hooper is authorized to make
certaiu terms at Washington is regarded as
correct.
The Departure of Cen. Siberiann.
Gen Sherman, Admiral Alden, and L:eut.
Ifred. GraDt left at 2 o’clock to-day, took a tug
boat and proceeded dowu the Bay to lake pas
sage ou the Wabash. Salutes were fired as
the party moved down the harbor.
German Steamer freighted with Chslera—
Deaths.
It is officially announced that the German
Steamer Franklin, at the quarantine has
forty cases of cholera on boaid. There were
twenty-eight deaths on the voyage. Nearly
every body on hoard was more or less affected.
Most of the cases were serious and further
deaths art probable. A rigid quarantine is
enforced; every effort is being made to allevi
ate the sufferings, but care will be taken to
prevent the spread of the disease.
Tbe following is a correct account of cliolera
at tbe quarrantine: Tbe Steamship Franklin
of Baltic. Fioyd’s Liue, arrived on Saturday
night with a number of cases of cholera on
board. She sailed from Stettin, October 10tb>
touching'at Copenhagen, October 12th, and
Christiansanel, October 15th. At the time ol
leaving' the .'latter port she had twenty-two
cabin and six hundred and eleven steerage
passengers and a crew of sixty-seven meu.
When ten days out the first case of cholera
made its appearance among tbe steerage pas
sengers, and when the steamer put into Hali
fax to obtain coal there had been nearly one
hundred cases of cholera and choleric diarrhoea
of which forty proved fatal.
Since leavingllalifax one death has occurrtd.
To-d.iv twelve patients, suffering from chol
era, were sent to the West Bank Hospital.—
The well passengers were also transferred to
tbe U. S. Steamer Delaware, lately fitted, up
as a receiving ship by tbe quarantine authori
ties. The Franklin, after tbe transler of pas
sengers, was ordered to lower quarantine where
she will he thoroughly disinfected'and detained
until it is thought sate to allow her to come to
the city.
Alexis
»s cot yet heard from.
iVlau Killed Supposed to belong injiflaiiie.
Hudson, Nov. 13.—Oa Saturday night the
body of a man was found lying cn the track of
the Boston and Albany railroad, at Chatham
T -1-u 13^ PUJ;JJU3CU LUilL UC was K1I CJ
while attempting to jump on a passing traiu.
He was about 35 years old. It is believep that
bis name was F'oreace C. Rowley, and that he
has friends in Bangor and Lewiston, Me.
The Brooklya Frauds. B
The members of tbe Brooklyn investigating
Committee say lhat they have evidence show
ing about 4100 fraudulent votes cast and are
sanguine tba, the canvassers will be compelled
to give certificates of election to a majority of
the Republican candidates on the county
ticket, and all Republican candidates, includ
ing Mayor, on the city ticket. Their report
will be ready about Friday, when warrants
will be issued for billot stuflers.
WASHINGTON.
The Programme for Alexis.
■Washington, Nov. 13—According to the
Russian official programme the first visit of
the Grand Duke Alexis to Washington will
not extend over six hours, it being tor the pur
pose of payiLg his respects to President Giaut
and the members of the Cabinet, who will in a
body welcome him at the Executive Mansion.
He will receive no visitois during his brief so
journ nor receive cards. He will then return
to New York to accept the honors prepared for
him, remaining there several days. He will
then proceed to the West ar.d the Pacific. The
Grand Duke will return to Washington during
the session of Coogress, when a series of enter
tainments will be tendered him.
No Belter than Olher Urn.
The Supreme Court of the District, in tbe
case of Trober against Sheridan, in which a
member of Congress pleaded privilege from
arrest upon a process issued against him by a
civil tribunal, has decided tbat the curient of
authority does not make a seat in Congress a
privilege from service of a civil process, nor
does the Constitution indicate in any way that
he is so exempt.
Supreme Court Decision*.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Tennes
see affirmed, refusing to eater satisfaction of
judgment recovered by the United States
against Avery as surety on a Postmaster’s
bond and to grant a writ of audita querela
asked for on the ground tbat the Government
has received certain rents on the land of Avery
seized under the capture and abandoned prop
erty act. w hich he is eutitled to have credited
to ilia own use.
Brooklyn Life Tnsurauce Company vs. Mil
ler. Decree of the Circuit Court of Maryland
affirmed, that the act of the agent in accepting
another party than tbe assured to make cash a
portion of the payment on the premium,
though the litter was not made, was binding
upou the Company, who was liable for the
policy.
Perren vs. United States. Judgment of the
Court of Claims affirmed, dismissing for want
of jurisdiction the petition of French subjects
for the recovery of damages by the destruction
of property by tbe^ bombardment of Grey town
in 1854.
Biscipliue.
The Secretary of War has issued the follow
iug order: -“For violation of paragraph 122 of
regulations of tbe Military Academy, in har
assing and Improperly interferring with a
cadet sentinel on duty. Cadet P. B. Brewer, of
the fourth class is dismissed from the service of
the United States.
Snow in the West.
At the Signel Office this morning snow was
reported at Omaha, Nebraska, and at 5 o’clock,
this evening it was snowing at Ourinne, Utah,
and Duluth, Minnesota.
Interesting: Case.
An interesting case is pending in the United
Scates, Supreme Court affecting the judicial
proceedings in Utah. Two years ago a Gentile
firm in Salt Lake City sustained a damage of
$20,000 by the destruction of a stock of liquors
by order of the City Justice for Don payment
of their license. The firm brought a suit
against the city under territorial laws and a
verdict was rendered in the U. S. District
Court iu their favor for losses sustained. The
city appealed to the Uuiied States Supreme
Court ot the territory, on the ground that this
was a teriitorial case and the jury should
therefore have been summoued by a Territorial
marsbal instead of a United States marshal.
Tbe higher Court affirmed the decision of the
Court below. An appeal was then taken by
counsel lor the city to the Supreme Court of
the United States. The decision of the latter
was auxiousi.y a,»uii.eu iuc i>un ujuus, as u
collaterally involves tbe legality of the grand
jury summoned by the United States marshal
which lately lound indictments against Brig
ham Voung and other prominent Mormons
under the territorial laws.
Pensions.
The Pension Buieau issued 842 certificates
for pensions last week, as follows:—Invalids,
262; widows, 159; navy.O; war of 1812, 424.
Civil fseerice.
The civil service commission was to-day oc
cupied on the Bubjeet of competitive examina
tions.
Meeting of Semite Finance Committee.
The Senate Committee of Finance met to
day. Messrs. Fenton, Sherman, Scott, Wright
and Ames were present. Ii is understood that
the majority decided it inexpedient to report a
substitute for or actjupon.in anyway, the
House hill for the abolition of duties on coal
and salt, and the chairman, Mr. Sherman, was
directed to notify the chairman of Committee
on Ways and Means when appointed that the
Finance Committee will await the announce
ment of its mature judgment and action of the
House upon such a bill as it may report next
se.-sion. This determination will uot, however,
at ODCe put an end te the present session ot
the Senate Committee as they will still he un
der the general instruction of the resolution of
the Senate. There was an iti erchange of
views looking to the adoption of some amend
ment to the tariff and internal revenue laws as
contemplated by Senate resolution.
METEOKU LOCilCi E.
Syiiop i* ol Wcntlier Keparts for the pail
Twenty-Four flours.
Wak Dep’t, Office Chief Signal j
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Nov. 13, (7.00 P. M.))
Probabilities.—An extensive area of low
pressure will prohah'y develope from Mississ
ippi to Michigan advancing northeastward
over the Lower Lakes by Tuesday night, fol
lowed to-night by brisk north aud west winds,
south aud west of Illinois. Treateniug weath
er I with rain will extend very gener
ally Tuesday along the Atlantic coast, with
taliin" barometer and northeast winds veering
to southeast, luereasiug southerly winds ou
the Lower Lakes, brisk northwest wiuds on
Michigan, aud on Louisiana coast. Cau
tionary signals are ordered lor this evening foi
New Orleans, Mobile, Milwaukee and Chicago,
FOREIGN.
GREAT HK1TAIN.
E(|)lottioii—A Ship Uiii'tit'd.
London, Nov. 13. —A fearful explosion of gas
occurred to-day at Leeds. One or two persons
were killed aud several badly injured.
The ship Escort, of New York, took tire and
was destroyed at Autwerp, yesteiday. She
fiaHed Irom New York July 29th, and was last
reported as loading at Autwerp, Oct. 12tb.—
She was 1366 tons burthen,was built at George
town, Me., aud was owned by T. J. Southard.
Tlie U. S. I.onti.
Telegrams report that the settlement of the
new U. S. loan is proceeding favorably aud the
rate of discount thereou has advanced to 1 3 8
and 17 8 per cent. Money was easy iu the
cpen market at 3 per coat.
PtHCoreiy of a 15© laparliftt Plot.
[New York World’s Special.] —A formidable
plot of the Bonapartists generals, headed by
Fleury, to arrest Thiers and proclaim an em
pire, has been discovered. The plotters and
papers are iu the possession of Thiers, who is
confident of llie fa*lure of the conspirators.
The Acquitted Feuiaii.
Come, Nov. 13—The friends of Kelley, ac
quitted iu Dublin, Friday, of the murder pi
head Constable Talbot, paraded the streets in
this city, yesterday, and made a demonstration
in honor of the event. The proceedings were
orderly, and there was no attempt made by the
police to interfere with the procession.
FRANCE.
The CeuicminUt Prisoners.
Pahis, Nov. 13.—The court mqrtial is rapidly
disposing of the case of the Communist prison
ers. Of ihe accus' d who have been tried, 10,
645 liave been discharged, 773 convicted aud
sentenced to various degrees of punishment.
Count Keratry has been appointed Prefect
of Marseilles.
Great Fire in Genera.
A despatch fro.u Geneva a tys that a large
fire is raging in that city.
Evening.—The fire which broke out this
morning continues to-night without abate
ment. The Hue de It hour, on which the fire
originated, is a scene of ruin. A large number
of buildings have fallen victims to the devour
ing clement.
IToreigu.Ilcinfl.
Commodore Ashbury arrived in Loudon Sat
urday. He renounces all intention of contend
ing again tor the Queen’s cup iu American wa
rers.
The physiciaus in attendance to the Queen
at Balmoral announce her health improving.
Defaulter Sentenced.
Boston, Nov. 13. —Ellery E. Daniell, the de
faulting cashier of the Webster National Bank
was to-day sentenced to five years imprison
ment in Dedham j til.
Bay Killed.
Peter Connell, aged 11 years, was run over
and killed to day by a gravel train at a street
crossing in South Boston.
Forger Caught.
James Brown, charged with forgery in Bos
ton, where ho was recentl y in business, was
arrested in Montreal, Saturday, brought here
and held in $6000 bail for trial.
The friends of Frederick W. Lincoln, a prom
ising youug author of this city, fear that he
was among the victims of the attack by Apache
ludiaos on the stage coach recently in Arizo
na, mentioned in last night’s depatches. He
was conuected with Lieut. Wheeler’s explor
ing expedition.
Accident.
Brig H. H. McGilvery, for Surinano, which
went ash Die on Nixis Mate, below this port,
got rff to-day without, assistance or apparent
damage and returned to the city.
MISSOURI.
The Micsouri Railroad Accident.
St. Louis, Nov. 13.—Fifty persons were in
jured by the recent railroad accident uer Wells
ville, including Lieut. McCouibi of the 14th
Infantry, Sergeants Jay and Hobaeks, and
niue privates seriously but not fatally. The
remainder were slightly hint.
CONNECT IC(JT.
Accidents from Railroads.
Hartford, Nov. 13.—John Prior, while
playing about the cars of the Canal railroad at
Plainsville, Saturday night, was run over and
killed.
Martin Purcill of this city, 15 years old, while
driving a team across theHartfoid, Providence
Fishkill railroad, iu East Hartford this morn
ing, was struck by a locomotive and seriously
injured, bis ekull being fractuied. He was
ta&en to the hospital unconscious.
Coiidiclerable Caclc lag*
The annual exhibition of Connecticut State
Poultry Society opens in Allyu Hall to mor
row and conliisues three days.
UTAH.
All Quiet.
Salt Lake City, Nov. 13.—The Supreme
v/uun auu me jLMsinct noun are uoui in sess
ion to-day bat nothing of interest ^transpired.
The grand jury lacked a quorum, owing to the
absence of members as witnesses in a great
inauy suits at Provo. The city marshal has
been ordered to secured the presence of absen
tees to-monow.
l*I£NN*Vli VANIA.
Criminal.
Philadelphia, Nov. 13—City Treasurer
Marcer this afternoon entered a plea of uot
guiliy on indictment found b> the grand jury
last month. His trial is fixed for the 27ih iust.
The grand jury has retained three bills of in
dictments against C. F. Yerkes, Jr., charging
him with larceny and embezzlement.
SOUTH CA&LOUINA.
Too itluch Like Jell l)avb.
Charleston, Nov. 13.—The news says that
the caucus of colored membeis of the legisla
ture last week resolved to make no appropria
tion the coming session for payment for inter
est of State debt and declared themselves in
favor of the repudiation of both the old and
new debt of the State.
MAKVLAKD.
Equal Alights.
Baltimore, Nov. 13.—The jury of the U. S.
Court has awarded Jonn W. Field, colored
$40 damage for being ejected from the cars of
the city railroad. The claim was for $2500.
The effect of the decision, however, is that ne
groes are now to be admitted to all street cars.
01510.
Night Exchange.
Cincinnati, Nov. 13 —The pork packers and
dealers to night organ:zed a Cincinnati live
stock aud provision night exchange. Their j
headquarters are at the Crawlord House.
TELELHl API1IU I I'fiC TI.3.
Stephen Maloney shot Simou Garvin fatally
duiing a quarrel at the New Englaud Hotel in
New Yoik Sunday night.
Michael Byne fatally stabbed John Burke
during a quarrel in New York Sunday.
John Campbell was held trial Sunday for
stabbing Ellen Foy in the Bowery Saturday
night. He alleges he wes only defending him
self from several women aud confederated
pick-pockets.
Another army officer named Hodges has
been t lied at New Orleans aud found guilty
of embezzleim nt, aud sentenced to be dismiss
ed from the service. The President has ap
proved the sentence.
The vital statistics of New York for the past
week are: Births.. 496; marriages, 208; and
deaths, 413.
Three officers of the New York Anti-Cruelty
to Animals Society were on Saturday held for
trial on a charge of beatiug a mau nearly to
death.
Ice made in New York Sunday night.
Franc’s Blackburn, Jr., a well known malts
ter, of Philadelphia, was stabbed by rowdies
Sundn.v nierht in front of bis honsa.
An old woman named Mary Sullivan was
burned to death in New York Suuday by tbe
upsetting of a lamp on her bed.
Tbe New York Heiald suggests Horace
Greeley as ibe Successor of Sweeny as Park
Commissioner.
John Hahn was burned to death in New
Y'ork Suuday night by tbe explosion of a
kerosene lamp in his chamber.
Metzgar’s stable in Bingbampton, New
York, aud as adjoining house were burued
last Digbt. Lass $10.000.
The frigate Wabash from Boston arrived iu
New York last evening.
Ex-Senator Wade is in Washington.
The official canvass ot tbe city and county of
Milwaukee gives Doolittle a majority of 1941.
The Democritic loss since the last gubernator
ial election is 780.
Chariot!^ Cushman bad a very enthusiastic
reception at Globe Theatre last night.
Admirable Porter’s health is improving, and
though not able to go out is building torpedo
boats iu-doors on paper.
Caleb Cushing has resigned the position of
couosel for the United States before tiie Ameri
can and Spanish Claims Commission.
The members of tbe Kentucky bar are mak
ing a general movement to eliminate from tbe
statutes, tbe negro laws.
Wentlicr Report—lor. IU—fi P. M.
War Deparlment, Sigral Service U. S. Army, Di
vision ot Telegrams aud Reports tor the benetit of
Commerce.
(a
•2? U
a e a
Place |2
A a fe
ot M o a
73 S .2 o
observation. S o
C£ H
*5 Q
M
Boston.30.2G 35 Calm Ciear
Cbarleslon.S.C..3014 G6 BE Cloudy
Cheyenne,W.T. 29.51 34 S Fair
Chicago.29.<G 46 N Et Rain
Cleveland.29.73 48 SE L* Rain
Corinne, Utah..31.09 39 Calm Tbrt’ng
[udiauanolia*.. .29.54 59 SE Il’y ram
Mt.Washington.30.18 24 Calm Clear
New 1 ondoii ..30.22 33 N Clear
New Orleans. ...23.90 GJ W Cloudy
New York.30 20 40 Calm Cloudy
Norfolk.30.15 50 Calm Cloudy
Omaha.30.10 25 NVV Clear
Pittsburg.29.95 47 Calm Fog
Portland.30 33 32 N Clear
Ban Diego, Cal .30 20 05 NE Fa r
San Francisco. .30 21 53 Calm Cloudy
Savannah.30 35 £5 NVV R’yrain
Washington 30.07 40 E Cloudy
Wilmington. ...3U4 G2 SE H’yrain
Montreal, C. E.30 77 28 W Clear
Key West.29.98 77 SE Fair
Barometer corrected lor temperature anil elevation
CO MMiauc I AJL.
Foreign Export*.
ST. JOHN, NB. Sell M E Bliss—800 bbls. flour, 10
tons teed, 1255 galls rcfluuU oil.
Receipt* by Rnilrond* and Ntenmbont*.
GttAXD Tkui;k Railway.—200 cans milk, 1000
bills flour, 12 bills windows, 10 do sleds, 80 do sleds,
39 E barrels, 20 muttons.l ear paper, 1 do spools. do
heading, 2 do hay, <i do com, 1 do ebook, 38 do turn
k*1*-! do butter, 1 do middle?.1 do potatoes, Ido
fo bark, ldomatch stock. 2 do sundries,
^mpments <o Lower Provluces-6i)0 bbls dour, l car
leed, 8 caig ale.
Montreal from Boston-1<0 bdls
in- d2> 2'asks oil, 23 bags oysters. 9 bells
r ‘(Ucsiard. 24 sewing maebiuee,
aJiSi*''<*• 4l) roils ^Plate, 25 cases and 25 bales
lam k.’m. "'irP beam?,8cooking ranges, 25 iirkius
tlev.’ blJ 8 paper> 2 horses, l wagon, 100 pkgs to or
pib°«r aml 11P country—62 bales rag*. 12 bales
HtH in ca>“k9 S0(,a a^h. lO bbls. flour, 09 blls
rK.ies woo,’222 S^en bidkg, 81 pcs lioilow
ware, <5 ickgs to order.
I 1sf,eWr¥ork M««weT W«rkM.
lllj V Yohk, Nov. 13-Morning.—Gold opened at
£l?J?£y 6aper °ent- Stirling Exchange 108| U9g.
oi ic ks steady and Arm. State bonds lirrn.
ori aV,ol!o.willS are the torenoon quotitions olSouth
e* u s. (‘urines*
leanessee 6s, now. 871
.£L
iSSSKtf*'
Georgia 7>s...
S “th Carolina 6s, new. 35
ciflc seiulrdles? *ere tb0 Quotations lor Union Pa
Union PadHc^J?;;;.24
@0 bar c«iRK,Th/'1 Money easy at 5
tuiiug tiina ;‘a _su,iPe,if!lon ot a large mauutac
the b?e ld?ul-«I,0rtc</- An.«“«»»iouis granted t.>
Sterling, Bll,ch la,|ed on Saturday,
heavy at dul1 at 1<8*- Gold 1[lull and
to flit •tliVnL® ,lli; cari vjog rates 1 7 per cent.
Cnllr “eclearaucus wei e $22,000,1.00.
Stocks stroug|3 qU'et aud fllm-sta,e b0"ds irregular.
eriwSISSSS."! «*e closing Quotations olGov-
Undid sutl8““V311 s’8',ssl.1171
r!t!io 63 5-20 s 1864. 111?
[r 'rei! 5tal1'8 5-20’s 1S1I5, old 1i,1
United States 5-20’s 1865, utw..'.'.'. 3j
Culremy O’1?.* ‘.0^i°8;* ',oupi,n. 1«»|
Stocks:,°!l0W"lg are tlle clo8i"? quotations ol
Pad Be' mSl'“ ™e*™pb O0; 65*
N' V'Cental *i^l*d80n HiVercoDsolVdati'j'.:'. PJ
Erie 1 Hudson River consolidated scrip.8(5j
Erie preferred!
Harlem.. Jb
Harlem preferred.'.'.!!!'.'..
Beading.
Michigan Central’.’.'.'.’.'.'.,*„»
imnofs CerutralMi.e,;igaU •on“"“’’« diB'"
Cleveland Pittsburg, i!"!! !!!;.I:,*.
Cliicago North Western. 7*1
Chicago North Western preierred. oil
Chicago <S Rock island.
miivt uun:e «x ot. x'aul.....
Pittsburg Fort Wayue. ...*.”••1*.,’,\\\\\\\
liidiDfiaic markets.
nuga mu. ai iu*. live »uu o^ i tor dressed lb.
Receipts 32,10).
New Yoke,Nov. 13-Evening.-^Cotton—sales 4730
bales; Middling upla: ds 18*c W'th good export de
mand. Flour heavy and 5 5$ 10j lower; sales 8500
bbl?.; State 5 80 5$ 7 15; round Loop Ohio 6G0(a>7 20;
Western 5 75 7 40; Southern 6 80 9 25. Wheat
opened l 2c higher; sales 89,000 bush.; and closed
dull with advance lost; No. 1 SpTing at 158; No 2
do 1 52 5$ 1 56; the latter an extreme; Amber State
1 G3 1 65; Winter Red Western 1 57 1 60. Co n—
saies 78,000 bash.; Mixed Western steadier at 78
8lc. Oats—sales 5u,003 bush. at 53 54c, and dull.
Beet'dull. Pork steady; mess 13 IS 13 25. Lard
quiet aud steady at 9j (t$ 10c. Butler s eady. Whis
key lirmrr a. 922 93c. Rice firm at 8@ 8Ac Sugar
steady; Porto Rico amt Muscovado 8|5$9jc; re
fining 82 (c$ 94c. Cofteedull; Rio 174 5$ 194c. Mo
ljssesdull. Naval Storey—Spirits Turpentine quiet
at 6<c; Rosin quiet and firm at 4 75 (a) 4 87 tor strain
ed. Petroleum steady; crude 12£ ft$ 122c; refined
224c. Tallow firmer at 9 :0i.
Freights to Liverpool unchanged; Cotton per steam
id. Wheat per steam 7Jd; do sail 7d, Corn per
steam 7d; do sail 6 i.
Chicago,Nov. 13.—Flour firm and in lair demand.
The high tre ghts check business. Wheat—demand
light and ho ders firm No. 2 Spring 1 20} 1 204;
seller last halt of the month 1 20$; seller December
1 22£ No. 1 Spring inactive; rejeciel 1 03. Coin ac
ive and declined 2 4c; No. 2 Mixed 48c; rejected
462 47c: seller November 44J 452c; set'er De
cember 442c; seder all the year 442 45c. Rye in
good demand; No l declined *c. Oats active” and
higher at 332c; seller December 33c se ler January
332c. Ba: lev steady No. 2 Spring 54 544c; No. 3
Spring 44 45c. Pork in light demand and holders
firm at 1275; seller December 12 CO 12 75; do Jnn
uaiy 12 874. Bu k mea’s in high demand and hold
ers firm; shoulders 32 3|c; green ham* 7c; dry
salteu meats a tew days in salt; shoulders 5c; short
rib midjles 6e. Whiskey quiet and unchanged at
88c.
Receipts—6000 blits, flour, 50.000 bush, wheat, 165.
000 bush, corn, 3000 bush, oats, 03,000 bush, bailey,
15,000 bush, rye, 9000.
Shipments—30C0 bids, flour,G 2,000 bush, wheat ,231,
000 bush, corn, 118,009 bush, bailet, 7,000 bush. rye.
5000 hogs.
St. Louis,Nov. 13.—Flour in good dem iml; Super
line Winter 5 00;<$525. Wheat—No. 2 Spring at
1 28; No. 3 fill 1 4u; No. 1 Winter Red 1 50. Corn
steady; Mixed on track 42 42Jc; Yellow sacked 51.
Oats in good demand: Mixed on track 334c; socked
40c. Bacon quiet; shoulders 7$ 72; clear rib
sides 75 8c. Laid quiet at 9je.
Toledo, Nov. 13.-Flour steadv. Wheat in fair
Amber Michigan 1 43 1 44; No. 1 Red 1 41 1 42;
No. 2 do 1 35$c; No. 3 do 1 30 Corn firm; high Mix
ed 55$c. Oats dull aud unchanged.
Milwaukee, Nov. 13.—Flour—extra Spring firm
at 5 75 6 5o. Wheat active and higher No. 2 at 1 21;
cash seller last half of month at 1 22$. Oats linn;
firm; No. 2 at 23$c. Corn steady; No. 2 Mixed 48$c.
Rye—No. 1 scarce at 62$ Bulay—No. 2 Spring
quiet at 53c.
Receipts— 3000 bids, flour, 40,000 bush, wheat.
Shipments—3000 bbls. flour, 109.000 bush, wheat.]
Cincinnati, Nov. 13 -Pork quiet at 12 75 13 00.
Lard quiet; newa* 8$c. Bulk Meats droopirg; new
cured shoulders 6$c; sides 7 7$c lor packed. Bacou
quiet and unchanged; Live Hugs in good demand
at 4 35 4 50; receipts 11.000. Whiskey steady at
t8c. Green meats 6$ 5Jc Jor shoulder and 8o lor
sides.
Charleston, Nov. 13.—Cotton firm; Middling
uplands' I7$c.
Savannah. Nov. 13.—Cotton lirm; Middling up
lands 17$ I7i’e.
Mobile, Nov. 13.—Cotton in good demand; Mid
dling uj lands 172c.
NEW Obi sans,Nov. 13.—Cotton strong; Middling
uplands 18c.
■foreign markets*
London, Nov. 13—11.30 A. M.—Cousols 93$ for
money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20’s 1862, 91$; tie
1865, Girt, 91$; do 1863, 93J; do 10-4C’s 90.
Liverpool, Nov. 13- 10.30 A. M.—Cotton quiet
and steady; Middling uplands 9$d; do Orleans 9$
9$ J; sales 12,000 hales.
I iverpool.Nov. 13—1 30 P. M.—Cotton, tendency
upward; Middling uplands 9$ 9$d; do Orleans 'Jjd;
sales 15,000 bales. Lard 46s.
London, Nov. 13—4.30 P. M.—Consols at 93$ lor
money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20s, 1862, 91$; do 18G5
old 91$ do 1867, 94; U. S. 10-403 90.
Paris, Nov. 13-4 30 P. M.—Rentes closed at 56f
87c.
Liverpool. Nov. 13—.430 P. M.-Cotton closed
strong; middling uplands 9$d; do Orleansd; sales
15,000 bales. Tallow 48i fid* Refined Petroleum 17$
172d
WLondon, Nov. 13.—Linseed Oil 34 lbs 15s @35
ibs.
Liverpool, Nov. 13—Clover Seed 52 55s.
Freights.
Charleston, Nov. 10.—Freights tojLiverpool by
steam direct, via New York j} l cn uplands;! 9u
on Sea Islands; by sail, cirect. 7-lGd on Uplands and
nominal on Sea Is!inds; lo Havre bv sail, nominal.
Coastwise—To New York by steam jfc lb on up
lands, lc lb on Sea Islands: 82 tierce on Rice;
by sail, $e lb on uplands, $7 8 M on Lumber
aud $9 10 M on Timber. To Boston, by sail, $e
lb on upland Cotton; to Providence by sail $8 t>
M on Boards; $c lb on upland; by steam *S1 bale
in addition to New York rates. Vessels are in demand
to take Lumber Heights from Georgetown, SC, Da
rien and Satilla river, Ga, and Jacksonville, Florida,
to Northern ports and $10 12 M are rates on
Lumber and 3oards.
New Orleans, Nov. 8 —Freights—The :offerings
for foreign are quite libeial, and ihere is ample sup
ply ol room on ihe berth. The movement coastwise
is dull. Cotton to Liverpool, by sail, 9-16d; to Havre
ljc; to Boston $c; to Liverpool, bv steam, 11-16(1; to
Bremen and Hamburg $d; New York $c; to Phila
delphia j.. _
ISoston Stock LiM.
Sales at the Brokers’ Board, Nov. 13.
Vermont Central 1st mortgage Bonds. 84$
United States 5-20s, 1861...
July. 1865,. 113$
1867. 114$
Boston and Maine Railroad. 142
Michigan Cental Railroad. 122
Union Pacific Railroad. 25
it..;,... R H R71
Union Pacific Laud (Irant. Sevens. 77j
Eastern Kauroau....'.... 108
IU81M188 NOTICES.

Dr. Leland may be consulted at his rooms in
Caboon Block, cor. Myrtle and Congress sts.,
until S o'clock this f.m. His new system of
practice is meeting the wants of those suffer
ing from chronic diseases.
Four Evils.—Whoever habitually uses ar.y
alcoholic preparations as an “appetizer” wil
be as likely to suffer from four evils, viz.: an
overplus of food in the stomach, impaired abil
ity to digest it, the pangs of dyspepsia, and a
doctor’s bill. Dr. Walker's Ver/etable Viner/ar
BiUers, the great T etotal Restorative ol the
age, without ever stimulating the palate or ir
ritating the stomach, imparts a healthful appe
tite, promotes digestion, regulates the liver and
bowels, purifies the btood, and thus, instead ol
entailing four evils confers four inestimable
benefits. novl4 dlw
Ir is said that if a putt' of air were to' be
blown into a vein of anauimal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
be stopped. The blood makes the entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven minutes,
and whenever this circulation is impeded or
any of its channels are clogged by impurities
which ought to be carried off, disease lollows—
fever ora disease of liver or kidueys.or scrofula,
or dyspepsia. To get at and remove the source
of the difficulty use the old and infallible
blood purifier, Dr. Walker’s California
Vinegar Bitters. octl8th-4\v
The most wonderful invention of tlie age is
on exhibition aud in operation at 67 Federal
street. The public are invited to call aud see
for themselves. novll—3t
Briggs’ Pile Remedies are a success.
Briggs* Allavantor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs’ Throat and Lung Healer.
Get Briggs’ Corn aud Bunion Remedies
Gen. Sherman informs a newspaper repor
ter that he aud Lieut. Grant go to Europe as
any other gentlemen, at their own expense.
They go in the Wabash simply because that
ship is under orders to join the European
’squadron and was uuder orders before their
visit was contemplated. Gen. Sherman has
never visited Europe and having a desire|to do
so, he deemed that he could now he spared
without detriment to the service. But it does
seem that our very prudent Democrats ought
not to growl if Gen. Sherman should have a
ship for the trip, since it would be difficult to
find a man who had done the country better
service or will honor it more abroad.
Items.
lu a town near Vincennes, Iol., a man
(lied of a contagious disease, and it is said that
the authorities employed some negroes to bury
the corpse and then shot tbe negroes to prevent
a spread of tbe disease.
It is said that great amount of nails used by
Horace Greeley in nailing lies and the pros
pective demand for tbe article in Chicago has
had the influence to send up the piices.
Thomas Eaton, who suddenly took to doiDg
penance for a life of sin, by denying himself
all kinds of food, died in Seabrook, N, H.,last
week of starvation,
Methodist churches weie built in this ccun
in 1870 at the late of nearly four to every work"
mg day, the number being over twelve hun
dred.
It was a Connecticut youth, who, in answer
to a question relative to the father of his coun
try, answered: Brigham Young.
The Wilmington (Del.) Preachers’ Associa
tion are discussing the question of the “utility
of periodical revival efforts.”
A young miss of fourteen was recently sent
by express through the company of Wells,
Fargo Co. from Vallejo, Cal., to Annapolis,
Mel. She was under the care of over a dozen
different agents, and had nothing to do but
obey directions, and arrived saved, C. O. D.
Frederick Douglass was defeated for the As
sembly in Rochester, 17. Y., bat any other Re
publican would li ivo been served the same.
Among tbe curious social (acts developed by
tbe census statistics is the appearance on tbe
rolls of Pennsylvania of oue family with seven
pairs of twins, one family with six pairs and
UDOtber family with four pairs. The mother
of tbe last group has six other children, and
was only thirty-eight years old.
The Government has an official report con
firming tbe charges agaiust Mr. Butler. D. S
Consul at Egypt.
Practical Preaching.—Rev. Henry Ward
Beecher delivered a characteristic sermon on
Sunday in bis church on the purity of the bal
lot. He said the greatest of all dangers was
the indifference of educated men to the ballot,
and that there was more danger now from gi
gantic monied corporations than there was
from slavery. The promiscuous hanging of
men to lamp-posts will not correct the evil.
xiuumiauuu must wiumeuuo iu me cuurcD, in
the household. We must redeem the ballot or
there is lo use of talking of reformation. He
believed that prominent men of both parties
have couspired to make the ballot venal. The
civil service of the nation is a standing threat
against the liberty of the Dation. The Custom
House is a bribery shop and if these vast
places are to be put up lor sale this Govern
ment cannot Jong exist. Conscience must be
applied to politics aud the pulpit must teach
the conscience of the people. To be good
Christians ‘be people must bf good citizens,
belf goveromeut is not a tailure. We must
not give way to cowardice. Tue experiment
must be fought out. Seif government must
not fail, and by the help of God it shall not
fail. There were several outbursts of applause
during tbe sermon.
Rev. Dr. Hepworth.of the Church of tbe
Unity, New York, also touched upon polit
ical corruption, ascribing the venality of tbe
ballot to the indifference ou tbe part of tbe
people to the church. He thought that there
should be free churches lor all people, not gild
ed palaces on expensive corner lots like the
one in which he was preaching. There should
be churches open alike to the mechanic, trades
man, clerk and laborer as well as to tbe tuer
chaut aud capitalist, where calico and silk
alike worship. He was tired of preaching to
one class.
Chemical Cider.—Au exchange says “the
question why there can always he plenty ol
cider when there is no plenty of apples, has
been abandoned by the political economists
and tamed over to the chemists. These prac
tically show us that it is not necessary for cider
to grow on trees, and point us to the numerous
kegs displayed in the groceries labelled “new
cider.” Tbougn apples were like Shakspeare’s
reasons,” “plenty as blackberries,” they would
not be required to make such delicious corro"
sive beverage as this. The acids employed ;n
its manufacture are not vegetable, but mineral,
sulphuric acid being tbe cheapest. The flavor
of real cider is imitated by this sulphuric pre
paration as perfectly as the great king of the
regions of sulokur can imitate au angel of
light. The Society lor the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals should put lorth extra
efforts lor the prevention of cruelty to the mu
cous membraues of tbe stomachs of certain
animals, who, though endowed with human
reasons, are yet fool'sh enough to “put an ene
my iuto their mouths to s eal away” tlieir—
gaslries,and out-Cassio Cas5io.”
The “Fierce Democracy’’ of England.
A Loudon paper thus describes the reception
which greeted Mr. Gladstone on the occasion
of the recent speech at Greenwich:
“The Premier stood forward—Dale, cam and
resolute. He blenched noi when, iu wrathful
answer to the cheers from those Lear about the
hustings, there came back from the outskirts
such a gusty tempest of yells, hooting aud
groans as for the time drowned utterly tb3
cheering, and made the comparatively handful
of police in the crowd look anxiously in the
direction where their supports lay out of sight.
Hut the man with the pale, noble face and the
brood,bo)il UrOW Stuud up firm uoi tl»o
storm! Presently some just man iu the crowd
cried, ‘Give bitu a chance, blokes!’ aud that,
we are told, was the first voice that betokened
the breaking of the storm. Interruption and
yelling and hissing there was—sometimes so
loud and widespread that the speaker had to
pause and give the objurgators time too hoot
themselves hoarse.'
OXYGEN AIR.
371 Congress Sti*eets
Established for *the cure ot
CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,
C ONS TJMP TI O N,
DYSPEPSIA, SCROFULA,
And all dteases arising Irom impure blood.
Treated by Breathing “OXl'«EN AIR,'
Medicated Inhalations
in connection with other remedies. Ae public aie
invited to call and investigate
FREE OF CHARGE
•Letters ot inqu.ry promptly answered and treat
ment sent if desired. Address,
Dr. J. P. BROWER,
1171 CoosreHS Sneel, PsrtloDd, Hel
Drs. E. Clark, J. M. Cummings and C. H. Bnrr
give permission to refer to them. Physicians s
plied with Oxygen or Oxygenated Water.
jun21 t,t,sdCm au31w2mo
BONDS.
Portland Municipal, O's
Portland Aid R. R. O s
State ot Maine O’s
St. Louis O’s
Rockland A id R. R. O’s
European N. A. R. H. Gold O’s
Portland 4fc Ogd. R. R. Gold O s
Portland Rochester U. R. 7's
Chicago 7’s
Toledo 8’s
FOR SALK BY
Mr A RII B^TT
Bankers Brokers,
10O middle street.
oc23 SN MW&F
JVo More Wet Feet.
Cable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOR
BOOTS and SHOES,
Is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides furnishing ihe most durable, pliable
conomical boot ever offered the pul lie, !t affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
thft ever before made of the same materials.
All Rcalcvs sell liable Screw Wired Good*
Patent Stamp on all. oct2sn eod6w
IF YOU WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
GO TO
Palmer's 132 Middle Street
Where you can get a wide or narrow, full or slim
Boot, just the width ami length that will be easy* an
graceful, and enjoy the rare luxury ol wearing a per
fect fitting boot. sep2Ctt
An Authentic History
Of the War between Germany and France
with Biographies ot the principai actors therein. Al
so an account of the Civil Mar and Reign of
Terror in Parin. Over 800 pagers, and 150 illus
trations. Sold only by subscription. ATWELL
Agent for Portland. aulOeodtl SN
Hr. S. S. Eitefii
feuds his^FAHIIilT PHYSICIAN,” 90 pages,
sree by mail to any one. Ibis bqpk is to make any
one their own doctor. Hemidie8 are given for Thirty
Diseases, winch each person can prei are.
Send your direction to Dr. S. S. FITCH SON
Broadway, New York. wlS 1y
Conies&iens ot aai invalid.
Published as a warning and for the benefit o
yrnny men and others, who suffer from Nervous
Debility, «&c., supplying tiik means of self-cure
Written by one who feured himself, and sent free
on receiving a post-paid directed envelope.
Address NATHANIEL MAYFAIR, Brooklyn
Sew York. BHwOm-juulS
ENTERTAINMENTS.
FT, ITEJYF TMI,T,.
-THIS
Tuesday Evening, November 14lli,
Prof. Stone
IS HIS
Astonishing and Amusing
EXPERIMENTS
Upon persons wbo may volunteer from among tbe
audience. Previous to the Experiments
Phrenological Examinations
Will be made upon persons selected by the audierce*
tormina n scientific ami instructive entertainment
which has attracted crowded and intelligent audi
ences in all the principal towns and cities in Europe
and America.
Doors open at 7 o’clock. Commence at 8.
Admission 35 cents. Reserved Seats 50 cents.
Tickets may be had at Hawes Cragln's Music
Slore, 77 Middle street, at Sto -:k bridge's Music store
156 Exchange st, and at the door. nol4dtf
M. Li. A.~
Fourth Entertainment
Wednesday Evening, Nov 15tli,
LECTURE BY
Rev, E, H. Ghapin, of N, Y.
Tickets to the Course 1.50. Evening Tickets 50c.
Doors open at 6 1-2. Lecture at 7 1-2 o'clock,
nolltd
I. A. R. A.
The Irish American Relief Asso
ciation will give an Assembly at
LANCASTER HALL,
THURSDAY NIGHT, Nov. 10th,
Music bv Cliand'ci’s OiiA.Iriim Iton.l tv IT
Chandler prompter. Ticket* admitting Gent and
Ladies $1. Members can procure their tickets ot
William McAleuey. 26 Preble street.and at the door.
Floor Director, R. H. Parker; Assistants, E. H.
'Coleman, E. J. Lisk, 15. E. McDonough, P. O. Con
nor, Maxime Paquet, James Hernon. Dancing to
commence at 8 o’clock. Clothing checked tree.
novlltd
m. c. M. A.
Lectures and Debates.
THE Maine Charitable Mechanics’ Association will
hold meeting* lor Lectures and Debates at their
Library Room on
Thursday Evening
of each week, until otherwise ordered, commenc
ing on the
16th iuMt., at 7 1-5* o'clock.
Question tor discussion:
lie solved. That the City Government should turn
its attention to the development ot mechanical in
dustry, by encouraging the establishment ot manu
lacturea m our midst and expending pecuniary aid
when necessary.
Bro. C. P. Kimball, affirmative.
Bro. Charles Holden, negative.
novHtd GEO. A. HARMON, secretary.
Public Assembly
The G. IF. T. S.,
Will give their third Assembly at
LANCASTER HALL,
Friday Eve’y, November 17,
Under the management ot
C APT. ED WAR D HODG K1 NS.
GEO. H. FOSTER, J. T. SEATER
Music by Webb’s Full Quadrille Band
six PIECES
T:ckets admitting Gent and Ladies, 75 cents.
Dancing to commence at 8 o’clock. novlstd
N-o-t-i-c-e T-h-e-s-e
F-A-C-T-S!
—THAT AT—
DIIBAH’S
Clofblug House,
Can be found any article in Ihe way ot Wearing Ap
paral lor Men and Boys and at prices that
Will speak for Thrm^lm.
Wr. Iiovo nrolt Haa.I.
class in every respect ami we aim to please in prices
material and make. Who can't afford to drees well
with Clothing ai these prices.
Qvereont* $6
O vcrconU
Qvircoals 30
$10 guKineM Nuils
to I^usIuomm Nails
25 J^usiaeas Suit*
j^eefen $8.
J)cefein to
Ipefers IG
$18 preHi Nails
to Nuits
30 |jr«M Null*
jgoy»» Nuits $5
|pyi' Nuit* to
JJojs’ Nuits 20
$5 J^oys’ Overcoat*
to |py#» Overcoats
18 poys’ Oyercoal*
pant* aud4VcMt* $5.to 12
pant*, $2 5ti to 8
"pndcreont* $4 to 18
Veils $1 ts $5
And an endless vaariety of Underwear, Cardigans,
and Furnishing Cioods, at ttie same low prices
No. 170, opposite loot of Exchange
street.
Nov 9-d2\vij
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE MARINE
lusnraucc Co.
Srikc,field, Mass. Oct 25,1871.
Messrs. Loriso Thurston,
Agents, Portland:
As many of the Companies hare been deceived In
the amount ot their Chicago Ionhcn, w e conclud
at this late day to make the ioliowing Statemen
which we know to be correct.
Axieti nt JVInrket Value.$1,077,000
Chicago Iommch
not over.$450,000
All othcroutMtanding
ION*?*. 47.220 $497,220
$570780
jyThis will give us our Capital ot $500,000
entire, and Surplus ot $79,780 and we expect a
salvage ot over $*5,000 at Chicago.
|«4U “‘li »W UU1U1JU 111
Cash as fast as they can be adjusted.
Our Directors and Stockholders are pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO RATA on their Stock $.‘133^
OOO within thirty days, as a reserve against all out
standing risks, in accordance with tlia Laws of
Massachusetts and Now York. This wilL give us
Capital and Surplus
OF OVER
9 O 0,0 00.00.
After Paying all Outstanding Lo»»i-m.
THIS PUTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
BASIS. Select your bu^ness with great care and
avoid hard and undesirable risks as heretofore, and
please be particular not to give us tao much iu one
risk or ’ocality.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Sec’y.
DWIGHT D. SMITH, Yice-Pres't.
The above statement will assure the patrons of the
Compat y and tbe public that the SPR1NGFILD is
STRONG and alive to the situation.
Policies issue! on good property at fair rates.
L0RIN3 THURSTON,
AGENTS,
88 Exchange street.
Portland, Oct 30, 1871. isdlw
No. 163 Middle Street,
J?I. A. P. DARLING
Have received from New York
Silk Trivets and Satin*, in all colors; Thread
and Malta Lacm, DmtN nnd s*nek Uulioim
and OrunnicntN, SiarKuibroidery Blaide
F a gen, m ail colors. _
octll lwd then Jweod
Anna F. Cwi'tis,
TEACHER of the FIANO FORTf
20 SPRING STREET.
(^“Satisfactory reference given when required.
oc7 eod 3iu
OFFICES TO EET.
Two FRONT OFFICES, second story, over stores
No 130 and 138 Commercial street; fttted up with
an late improvements, 4
W„ H. N. JOSE,
Soy l-d&w. lot core st.
gg^?(^ SALES.
STolcif"1
Japan TEA Store,
158 Exchange street,
BY AUCTION,
On Tuesday, Nov 14, at 21-2 P Or.
F. O, BAILEY Auctioneer*.
HAVING determined to change my business to
exclusive retail Flour Trade, I shall close out;
my entire stock ot Groceries at Auetior, consist in
ct rhea's Tea, whole Coflee, F oir, who'e and pur«»
ground Spices, Starch, Raisin*, Soaps, Syrups, Dried
Apples, Canned Goods in variety, Crackers, Caadie-,
Mustard, Cocoanur?, Fiavori g«, Farine, Coco t
Shells, Geletine Herbs, Corn Starch,Tobacco, Cigar.-,
imported Castile Soap, Blacking, Sait, whole ana
split Peas, Beans, Rice. Wash-B. ards, clothe* Pin-,
&c. Stoic Furniture, Stove, lee Cbe-f, Platf rut
Sc lie, Co flee Mills, Spice Cans, Measures, Scoops.
Also 100 Barrels ot Apples.
The above goods are fresh and first class. oo8t I
Manufacturer's Sale
OF
Fm-siiiiire,
BY AUCTION.
U. O. BAII.KY A CO., Auct'ra.
W E lht' on THURSDAY, Nov lGtb, ot Mil
A,M> a!:at°re N® M* »mJ l€0 fore »t. Tba
itoek In store which consl.1, i„ ,,art ot obont 7.*
Chamber Sets, (hud and soft wood!; B. W Centro
Fables (marble top); Sofas it> B. W and Hair Cloth,
Whatnots* B. W. and Chestnut Ext ration Table*.
Cane Seat and Oak Dining Chabs, Stuffed and Cano*
Seat Rockers, Mirror?, Bedsteads. Bureaus. Loung
es, Spring Beds, Feathers, Crockery and €ila«s
Ware, Oil Carpeting, &c. Also 1 CabinetBed.
jgjT'.Sale positive. nol3td
Administrator’s Sale!
BY virtue ot a license iron' the Hon. John A. Ws-.
termau, Judge ot Probate, within and for tlo
bounty or Cumberland, 1 shall sell at public auctiou
it salesroom of F. o. Ba ley Co 18 Exchange
itreet, Portland, on Thursday, Nov. 23 f, at 12 o’clock
VI. the following personal property, viz:
1-16 Shooner Eva May,
18 Dannie Westbrook,
1-1 William Aithur,
1-16 Col. Eddy,
3-16 Citizen,
1 16 Ha*tie Ross,
1-12 Brig Frontier.
W. U. SDULE, Administrator.
O. BAILEY CO., Auct’rs.
H. K. HUNT^
fl'imTrlsBmn Vasniunf A ..1
NO. 310 Congress sfc., will sell every eveniug
large assortment ot Staple and Fancy Goode,
Ooouf will be sold during the day in lots to sni!,
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on ai
Inscriptions of goods. Consignments not limited.
February 11, 18G8. dtt
Home Securities
BONDS
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH 'AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, lo Jit. John. New Bruuswick, a
distance or 2C2 miles,—with the exception of 5*
mih s between Winn, Me., and the boundary line of
the State at Vaueeboro’. On LhU portion the track
Is now t eiug la d, both from Winn eastward and
from Yanceboro’ westward, and the work will bo
completed and trains running from Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Tb.s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTING* TIIE CNITED STATE*
AND THE It KIT I II PROVINCE* (New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). The population ot the
maritime Proviuces is about ONE I91II.EION,
and all the land travel, freight, mails. Ac., between
them and the Unfed States,will pass over this Trunk
line.which is WITfloU F CO tfl PETITION.
Although not yet completed, the business of the
road is already frrgreater than its most sanguine
friends predicted, and Is continually increasing^
The net earnings from l.ocal llusiiii M alone,
on the 50 miles completed in Maine, already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars, and will be largely increasing alter Sept mxt
by the busiuess to and Irom the Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tally as it#
preseut large business ami the iiunedate iuercae
consequent upon its completion, requires.—the Com
pany has issued its Bonds io the amount of Two
Millions ot Dollars, tenured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
ON IT* ENTIRE ROAD AND PROP
ERTY FIPill WINN lo VANCEBOHO*
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 56 miles. This
portion cost some $2 390,000, and the only lien there
on is a mortgage to the city ot Bangor tor $1,000.001)
Sand, in addition thereto, by a t IKST AND
DmI<1 iVftORTGJAGSE on
ilAA AAA A_T_"S V
uvvywv AVAca via xjauu
Said lands being tbe same granted by the State ot
Maine to aid the construction ot this road. They an*
situated along the Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an 1 are heavily timbered and valuable. Larga
tracts, especially in the fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agricultural district in tbe State,) are valuab e
tor farming lands as well as tor their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with width they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as tbe Stato
oi Rhode Island, which is 1300 square milts,) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage ol the Railway, its
equipments, &c., which alone is ample security tor
the Bonds, there are timbei and farm lauds to the
amount of
400 Acres to each Bond
also p’edged to ensure the payment thereof.
The Bonds are for $1000 each, due March 1, '.1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER LENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from TJ. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, In New
York. Bonds regis’ered if desired, Coupons made
payable (£0 each) in London, England, it preferred.
SINKING IT’ND-All proceed* ol sales of land,
as well as ol timber and other product* therefrom,
are. by the Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
they can be bouefit at oar or less; otherwise in
United States, State or Municipal Socuiities. And
on July l, 1819, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, the E. N. A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a sum
of money equal to oue per cent, of the amount ot
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all Interest
received on securities, belonging to tbe Minkiux
Fund are to be invested as above stated, and tbeeo
accumulations are solely for the purpose of addition
ally providing tor the redemption of these Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a th rd great element
ot securing and strength, and adds to the satety of
these Bonds.
The Trustees are Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, ot
Bangor, Me, and J. EDGAR THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees af& authorized te receive the Bond*
at Pur nu«l Accrued *iicrc*l in payment for
»nv ol the lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Accrued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price In en-hange for the.^e
Bond.3, and can be sent by Express and these re
turned by Express, tree of expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further partion'ars eonceruing
the connections and business, with Map3, showing
tbe location and lauds of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Male [of ISouUm,
BANGOR, MAINE,
oa to
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
loo nidillr Street.JPortlnml.
EP“On completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles of Hailrcnd
now building, between St. John, N. B, and Halifax,
N. S, there will be an unbroken line ot Ratlwuv
from Halifax to all the chief cities of the United
States, and a> two or three days ol ocean travel cm
be avoided, ami about 36 hours’ time saved, from
New York, in going to or coming Horn Europe, by
rail to or from Halifax,— a large business in pas
sengers, mails and ireight will.ihereby be added to
the traffic over the E. N. A. Railway.
JulyU-sueod tf
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce and Relish
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BK HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS UKOCKKS
For Male in Porilauil by
_BTSE «P HE VAN8.
Pr inters or Machin ists
Wishing for small 8TEA91 from
1 to horse power, will find it to tlieir aclvantage to
call on
J. B. LUCAS,
oil FxenA.xa: street.
DEALER IX
Machinist Tools anti Supplies.
oet4
Commissioners’ Notice.
THE Subscribers hiving been anoointel bv
the Judge ot Probate for thet’onX of Cum
Dt-rianil, Commissioners io examine and pas.
upon the claims ot creditors to the estate ot Thad
deus S*i.hrg, late ot Cate Elisabeth, In said Conn-
tv, deceased, represented Insolvent; and sit
months irorn the sevrnili day of November, A. I)
1^1, being allowed lor that puipose, hereby give no
tire that they wid attend to the duties assigned
them, at the office of Howard A Cleaves iu
Portland on the twentieth day et December, A. J*.
1*71, on the Iwetpy f mrtb day of .Inneary, A. r
1672, and on the seventh <i»y ul my,
from one to tour o’clock In Hie etiomoon on each ot
said days. H*’NRY B. CLEAVES,
itoiuiKT Boams^^
Dated at Portland the eighth day
A. D., 1871.