<XT1.IIp CONGRESS—IIp SESSION
ad
THE CASE OF THE KU-KLUX WITNESSES—DOUBTS
CONCERNING THE POWER OF CONGRESS TO
PUNISH THEM—A DULL DAY IN THE HOUSE.
[BY TELRGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.
WASHINGTON, Thursday, Dec. 7, 1871.
There is grave doubt as to the power of
«Congress to bring to the bar of either House, and punish
a witnees, for refusing to answer questions put to him
by a Joint Committes of both Houses and the debate
to-day on Senator Scott's resolutions, to direct the Vioo
President to issue his warrant for the arrest of contuma
clous Ku-Klux witnesses, got the question docner and
deeper into the mire. The matter now stands about as
follows Senator Scott has introduced a concurrent reao
lution, putting the authority of arrest and punishment,
4n this case, into the hands of the genate. Other Sena:
tors, led by Edmunds, think that contempt of the Joint
Committee is contempt of each House separately —two
offenses in one act—and, theiefore, desira to act fnde
pendently of the House of Representatives. After mere
than an hour's debate, Senator Sherman, in a short and
concise epcech, showed that the power to parish for
contempt, when the offense 4a commitied against
the dignity of either  Iouse of Congress,
lies with the House whose dignity is offended; but that,
neither in parliamentary nor constitutional law, is such
an offense as contempt against Congress, as a W hole, rec
oxnized. Tu the case before the genate, the witnesses
were summoned by the authority of both Houses. Tho
Joint Committee acta by anthority of both Houses, and
thie contempt was committed against the dignity of both
Houses. The witnesses must, therefore, be tried and
punished by the joint action of both Houses, or not at
all. But there 1s no law, precedent, or recognized privi
lege by which Congress, as a whole, can punish for con
tempt, and the courts would probably discharge, on
writ of habeas corpus, any prisoner held by such au
thority. When this poiut was forcibly put, the Senators
cared to debate it no more. While the debate on Sonutor
Scott's resolutions was in progress, to-day, Common
Judlers "Conkling and Carpenter more than once
showed, by remarks intended to be sarcastic, how sorely
they fecl their defeat during the Special Session last
Spring.
The proceedings of the House, to-dav, were withont In
terest. A resolution oflered by Mi. Willard was passed,
calling upon the Secretary of the Interior for informa
tion as to the mumher of male inhabitants over 21 years
of age, in each Stute, who are deprived of the suffrage for
other causes than for participation in the Rebellion. This
wiformation, the House discovered yesterday, 18 essential
tothe framingof an Apportionment bill. The regular order
was then demanded, aud the Clerk continued for an hour
and a quarter to read, to an inattentive andience, an
othermaialiment of the ponderous Post-Office Codification
bill. There remained but three pages to read when it
was discovered that the morning hour had expired. A
motion was made to go into Committee of the Whole,
sut was not put, Mr. Eldridge moving to adjourn,
which the House was evidently dispored to do. Pend:
ing the motion to adjourn a dozen gentlemen got
on their fect, and began to shout “Mr. Bpeaker,” and
vrandish the bills they wanted to introduce for refor
ence. The Speaker very sensibly took occasion to depre
~ate the bad habit, which has grown into a regular prac
tice, of introducing bills out of order by unanimous cou
«ent, and thus disturbing the proper course of business,
He reminded the House that ample opportunity is given
on every Monday for the introduction of all the bills
members wish to offer. The House took the suggestion
in good part, and at once adjourned. There will be no
weasion to-morrow or Saturday, the members wishing
timc to attend to what is generally known among them
as department business,” which meane calling on the
ieads of departments to scek offices and advocats claims
for constituents, This gratuitous office-seeking and
Lit agenry business is the most onerous and disagrec
ale part of the avocativn of a Congressman, but very
fo aersbers having the courage to refuse to discharge
(b.wt soocatled duties,
J
REGULAR REPORT OF PROCEEDINGS.
SLNVATE WASHINGTON. Dee. 7.1571.
EENALL. WASHINGTON, LeC. 4, 1501.
\Ir. Sru~ver (Rep., Mass.) presented a peti
Lu for the abolition of the duty on salt. Tabled.
THE RUPPLEMENTARY CIVIL RIGHTS BILL.
Also a petition from the colored citizens of Albany,
N.Y. askiug for the immediate passage of the Bupple
mentary Civil Rights bill. Mr. Sumner reiterated his
views of the great HpportRned of this measure, and said
that if Congress would immediately pass it, and present
it to the colored people, it would be one of the greuntest
Christmas presents ever made in human history. Tabled.
Mr. BUMNER also presented the petition of B. W.
Adame, praying the Governioent to asrume a supervising
power over all railroads not local in their character.
Mr. WILSON (Rep., Mass.) presented the petition of the
wounded soldiers in the Asylum at Dayton, Olio, fora
modification of the Peneion laws. Tabled.
THE POSTAL TELEGRAPH SCHEME.
Mr. POMEROY (Rep., Kansas) presented a bill to unite
o thie postal und telegraph services. He described it as a
modification of the bill for the game purpose which was
before the Committee on Post-Offices last session, and
Sid that he fntroduced it as an earnest effort to uuite
the services,
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of a bill to reduce taxation
and abolish the office of Commissioner of Internal Rev
enue, and sald that as the chiefpduties of the Commis.
sioner were to be abolished, it was right that the oflice
ghould be also,
Mr. CRAGIN (Rep., N. II.) introduced a bill to regulate
the pay of coumanding officers in the n7.,. Laid on
tue table,
THE RU-KLTX WITNESSES,
Mr. SCOTT {Rep., Penn), called up the joint resolution
for the arrest of recreaut witnesses in North and
Konth Ciroliua.
Mr. EDMUNDS (Rep., Vt.) moved to make it a resolu
tion of the Senate alone.
Mr. SCOLT argued that, as the Committee for which
the witnesses had shown contempt was joint, this reso
ton should be 2. joint one,
Mr. CARPENTER (Rep., Wis) inquired of Mr. Beott
whether the witnesses were connected with the Press.
(Laughter)
Mr. BCOTT said there were indications that the friends
and bretliren of the witnesses were conuected with the
Press and with the telegraph also.
Mr. CAELPENTER remarked that if the witnesses were
not themselves connected with the Pres<, he was sutis
fied of the jurisdiction of the Benate in the matter; but,
otherwise, he was disposed to be careful. Laughter.)
Mr. MOLTON (Rep., Ind.) said the witness had shown
contempt of both Houses, und should therefore be pune
whed by joint action.
Mr. CARPENTER thought that, as they had distinctly
comemped the authority of the Senate, the Senate could
Jie them for that, no matter what the House did.
16 regarded a8 settled that the Benate could not punish
anybody for contempt without the consent of the Iress
flaughter), but he was unwilling to concede that the
House also must consent.
The dis cusslon was continned for some time hy Messrs,
EDMUNDS, CONKLING, FRELINGHUYSEN, MOR
TON, and “SHERMAN, aud then the Senate took a recess
till two o'clock.
After the recess, on motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM
(Rep., Conn), the Senate appointed the following Stand
ing Committees. (Democrats in tales)
On Privileges and Elections—Mr. Bumper, Cuairman; Mess. Mor
ton Rice, Carpenter, Logan, Hill, and Thurman.
On torein Relations—Mr. Cameron, Chairman; Messrs. Harlan,
Morton, P.iterson, Schurs, Haw'in, and Casserly.
On Finun-e—Mr, Sherman, Chairman; Morrill (Vt), Peaton, Scott,
Ames Wright, ud Kayard, Cal
On App opirtations—Mr. Cole, rman ears.
Eivaty Windom West, and Stenson. y prgue, Savyer,
“On Commer e—Mr. Chapdler, Chainnan: Messrs. Corbett, Kellogg,
Spencer. Buchinguam, Conkling. and Vickers,
On Mavifartures— Mr. Hamlin, Chairman; Messrs. Robertson,
$i rague, Gilbert, and Johnson.
[ZY Agrwuiurssit Morton, Chairman; Messrs. Frelingbuysen, Rob
erison, Lewis, and Davis (W. Va.)
On M{li'ary Afairs—Mr. Wilson, Chairman; Messrs. Cameron, Nor.
te Aue. Lora; West nd Kino oth
Om Naval .1fasre—Mr, Cragin, Chairman; Messrs. Ant Y
Yorn, Ferry fen and yoy hay; N36, OF
(m the Judiciary—Mr. Trembdull, Chairman; Messrs. Edmunds, Conk
Tog. Carpenter, Freliughorsto, Pool. and TAurman,
Fair 9c Post Koads—Mr. Rarusey, Chairman; Messrs.
Porieroy. Gilbert, Cole, Hamlin, Ferry (Mich.), Kelley.
Om Publi: Lands—Mr. Pomeroy, Chairman; Messrs. Upton, Osborn
Byragee, Wind, Log an, Cavirby, v3 Ch
Un Frwale Land r. ly
(Come) Canal Board, Tick (Ey.), rman Messrs. Ferry
m ion Afatrs—Mr. so, Chairman; Mossman
glam, Frelugouysen, Wilkos, Celine, ris ar Corhats, Buch
m Pencions—Mr, wu! Chairman Mesars. Ti
low, Hamilton (Tosa), Loges. Sastry. Tigton, Pratt, Brown
(m Kerolutinary Clara Mr. Poo Lairman
Corbett. HM), aod Davis (W, Va). B; Messrs. Brownlow,
On Clawns=—Mr. Howe, Chairman; Messrs, Scot
Boreas, Wii, aad Davie (WX). 5, Pans, Buwn,
e Di<trict of Columbia—M:. Patterson, Chairman; 8sT.
Suse, Lewis, Kenton, Bawyer, Hitehenck, sad Vickers. 8
a alen's—Mr, Je (opn.), Chasen; Messrs.
Br ngs a ounds— Mr. 0! W
Yon
AR 0 N
Messrs. 1 rawhnil, Cole, Kumnuer, Stockton. {¥e), Chairman;
On Teeritories—~Mr. Nye Chairman; Messrs. Cragin, Sclurs, Bore
mas, Hiteteock, Clayton, and Cooper.
On the Porfu Bovroad—Mr. Stewart, Chairmar; Messrs. Rawsey,
Bord fie, eaten, Scott, Kellogg, Hitebeoek, Co per, Ferry (Mich.),
On Migs ond Mining—Mr. ice. C p
Vimagua ti 3 Na ving: Mr. iow, Citirmen; Messrs. Chandler,
cL Revision of the Laws of the United States—Mr. Conkling,
On Fincmaa™s \Arpeuter, Stewart, Wright sud Hamilion (Md.).
(Vi) Flags, Py ote, Sawyer, balrman; Messrs. Morrill
7] wa Cont:
Dim rh Bh ‘ontingent Fepraaes of the Benate—Mr.
on vy ng or x Asthour, Chainaen; Meners. Howe sud Casserly.
Shera. Momill (Me.), Chairman; Messr:. Howe and
On Engrossed Bi i ax
and Daves (W, wy Buckingham, Cosirman; Messrs. Clayton
Ph Bille—Mr. Carpenter, Chairman; Messrs. Lewis and
SELECT CONMITYR RG
Om the Limi
wands rod Svan of On Kules—Mr. Pomeroy, Teds: Messrs. Ed
On the Kem al of Political Disabilities—Ny
far. Kolertson, Cheirman
Hours Bor way, Ames, Hiwiin (Vera), Vickers, Clayton, aud
On the Levers of the y
Museissippd er—
Me Kel
Putrage v
Mer rica da the Sou y Alera Cinirman;
Eills were lutroduced and laid ou the ty),
REGULATING THE PAY OF NAVAL, Opry VHOWA
g
ogg, Chairman;
Mr. SCOTT (Kep., Penn.)—To regulate the Ve
wading ofticers hi the navy. bay of com
Al! gives the Admir ice
$10,000 oy Sire duty, and Bru) 13.5, Vie Admiral, $11,000 at sea,
$A Ld #3 io: on whore, $6,500; on ed am Rear A1
$4500; Commodores at sea. $55); on shore, $5,000 which orders,
ating o $3,000; Co B00; o
duty, é550 0 leave 0; Tustey tt sta, $400; ou shore
XING SALARIES OI DEPARTMENT OF
Mr. BROWNLOW (Rep., Tenn,)—Fixing the Tite
certain officers in the Executive Departinents, us Fel on af
Assistant Neeretaries, Solicitor, Becond Contevller, Keglster, aud A
Ardbitect of the Department; Amistent Secretary
of The gE Re oe Priam Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. avd OCemmissioner of Agricultare, eech $5,000 per assum.
Commissioner of Customs. Auditors of the Treasury, Commissioner of
Pensions, and the Assistant Postmaster-General, $4,500 each. The
Chicf Clerks in the sevaral Depsitinents, §3 500 each. Assistant hg
try of the Treasury, and {het Clerks of the several Bureaus of
Treasury Depanmoat. $3,000 cach.
sn antl cal.
hy
ER, Pr a

Mr. RAMBEY (Rep.. Minn.)—To reduce the rates of
correspondence by legraph, and to conueot the tele
RTD Wil hE TO tion of puta legs
provides for ow of a company, com.
9) Gardiner C. Habbard of Massachusetts, ly Hewitt of New
Tork. John F. ['reay of NMinois, and others, for the performance of the
postal telegraph service, under coutract with the Postmaster-Geseral
and on bis behal?. in accordance with a large number of deta'led reqnire
meuts. The Postmaster-General is empowered to fix the S4impeasstion
to be paid to the compavy, and the rates to be Pad by the public for the
transmission of messages, provided the net income of the company shall
pot be reduced below ten per centam of its Fated stock, which at the
organization of the Syipany is to be $1.000,0%, and may be afterward
inorensed by the amount of the actual cost of lines constrocted by it for
the transnission of telegrams.
Naid_ company, as agent for the Postmaster-Geperal, is to bave exclo
sive jotileds of Srusuitong correspondence by pg and perform
ing the telegraphic service of the eountry, escepting telegrams of the
following descriptions, namelrt Telegrams transmitied y any conupavy
in Sereion for the transmission of messages for the public at the time
of the "reve of thisact; telegrams for which no charge is made, trans
mitted by private lines of corporations, &ec.; and all other telefyae on
wich tolegraph stamp for five ccuts, as postage, Las boen afixed and
coneelal at the time of transmission thereof The charge for
the tranwmission of telegrams by the Postmaster-Geveral sad
said Company in the United States shall be uniform for equal distances,
nt a rate not exceeding 25 cents for the first <0 words of each telegram;
inc'nding the date, address and mguature, between offices mot over 2%
wiles apart, and 5) coats for distances between 2530 and 500 miles, with 25
cents wittonal for each additional 500 miles, or part thereof. Night
lessen ar to he sent at a rate not exceeding 25 cents per 1,000 miles.
After a short Executive Session the Senate adjourned
uni Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Bills were introduced and referred as
follows:
Mr. PERCE (Rep., Miss.)—To make Thanksgiving Day
a national holiday.
Mr. HALE (Rep., Me.)—To relieve masters of ooasting
ve-gels engaged in trade on the frontiers of the Unite
States from proouring and presenting wmaunltests of car
Koes, as now required by law.
Mr. DUKE (Demn., Va.)—For the erection of a huflding
at Lynchburg, Va., for the post-ofiice, court, and interna
revenue.
Mr. HAY (Rep., Nl.)—To provide for tho payment of
pensions through postmasters.
Mr. LYNCH (Rep., Me) asked to be, and was, excused
froin service on the Pacific Railroad Committee.
The House then took up tho bill to revise and consoli
date the postal laws, and the Clerk resumed ita reading.
At the close of the JBOrVing lLiour, aud before the read
fue of the bill was tongues the louse adjourned till
Nonday.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.—The President, to-day,
sent the following nominations to the Senate:
John W, Jorglisa, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
W illiem T. Haines. to be Commissicuer of Customs.
5 Wikiom AM. Michael, to be Assistant Attorney-General of the United
tothe,
Charles Chesley, to be olicitor of Internal Revenue.
fCerion C. Beaman, jr., to be Examiuer of Claims of the Department
of State.
David B. Johnson, jr., to be Assistant Justice of the Supreme Court of
New-Mexico,
2 Jase C. Nils, to be United States Marshal for the [Eastern District of
rkansas,
8. R. Harrington, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District
of Arkansas.
Jumes Neville, to be United States Attorney for Nebraska.
5. Willem Spence, United States Marshal for the Miadle District of Ten.
LET
J. W. Fisher. Chief-Justice of the Rapreme Conrt of Wyoming.
Ydwar) R. Roe, Marshal of the Southern District of Lliuois.
George C. Bates, United States Attorney for Utab.
Joven A. Rerus, Marshal of the Eastern Districi of Penusylvan’a
Georpe Andrews. Attorney for the Eastern District of Tenn se
Yoraee H. Harrison, Attorney for the Middle District of Tounessor.
announced by cable, was one of the veterans of the Brit
{sh ariny, having been in the military service over 60
years, He was the second gon of the eminent lawyer
Lord Abinger, and was born Feb, 1, 1799. He was edu
cated at Eton and at Trinity College, Cambridge. In
1816 Lie joined the 18th Hussars, and studied fortification
at the Military Academy, Sandhurst. IIe subsequently
passed to the 5th and 3d Dragoons, becom
ing, in 1840, LieutenantColcuel of the latter, and,
in 1851, Colonel. When war was declyed, in
1853, between England and Rueela, he was made DBrig
adier-General, and the heavy cavalry was placed under
his command. He went first with Ins forces to Turkey,
and ‘thence proceeded with the military expedition to
the Crimea. He rendered effective service in
the advance from Euapatoria, but particu
larly distinguished himself at the battle of Balaklava.
~The Russians commenced their operations on that event
ful day by attacking the work in frout of the village of
Camara, and, after very little resistance, carried it.
‘Three other works also fell promptly into their hands,
and the Russian cavalry at once advanced, supported by
artillery in very great strength. One portion of them
assailed the front and right flank of the 93d, and were
driven back by the vigorous and steady fire of that regi
ment. The other and larger mass of men, numbering
nearly 2,000, turned toward the Lr.tish heavy cavalry
under command of Brig.-Gen. Beurlett,
 BeYore the flight of the Turks from the captured works,
Gen. Scarlett had been ordered by Lord Raglan to move
down with light squadrons to support them. He was in
the act of oXecutilg this order when, for the first tine,
Le became aware of the Presence of an enemy. The dis
tance at length between the Russians and Gen. Scarlett
was about 400 yards. On the edge of the Cheroneze
upland, and in full view, great numbers of Turks
had gathered to witness the iarvelous dead of arms
about to take place. By the side of Scarlett rode Elliot,
his aid-de-camp, and there were two horsemen close in
Lig rear, a feuiibuter and an orderly. Kinglake thus
graphically describes how Scarlett, with ouly 300 of his
cavalry, became engulfed in 2,000 fods, and his gallant
bearing in the fight.
Sir James Yorke Scarlett, whose death is
Scarlett well knew how mnch all depended upon
striking at the enemy's masses while yet they stood
halted and so far as concerned his own orders, he was
hardly in the humor for traveling through all the ante
rior ot Arty He turned to his Hamper and said at
once, Sound the charge.” While the notes were still
pealing, and before {ey could take effect upon the full
gquadrons behind him, Scarlett moved forward at a trot;
and, although the impediments of the eanping.
ground ade it necessary for a rider In this
first part of the onset to Bifk nix way with some care;
vet the horse that Scarlett rode was a horse of such
stride and power that his rate of advance was not slow,
even over the obstructed Josh and as 2onn as the
clear field, which was at l°ngth gained, enabled the
leader to get into a gallop, the distance between him and
his equadrons was swiftly increased. In a
few moments he wus 80 far in nd
vance of them that Elliot Judged it right
to call tho attention of the chief to the position of his
squadrons, Those squadrons were by this time advanc
ing; but the impediments of the camping-ground proved,
of course, more obstructing to the serried ranks of the’
Grave than to a horseman with only one com
panfon and two attendants. Bcarlett could not question
that the distance between him and his equadrons had
become extravagantly great; but still Judging as he hal
judged from the fist, that it was of vital moment to
strike the enemy’s column while halted, be rather desired
to accelerate the Grays than much to retard his own
pace. Therefore, still pressing forward, though not ite
KO swiftiy as before, he turned partly round in his saddle,
ghouted ut, Come on!” to the Grays, and invoked them
with a wave of his sword.
When the squadrons attained to clear ground they be
ean to reduce the space which divided them from their
Jeader; but it is computed that, at the moment of Scar
lett’s first contact with the enemy's column, the distance
between him and the squadron which fcllowed him was
stil] at least 60 yards.
Scarlett himself, and the three horsemen who coneti
tuted his immediate following were now engulted in the
colnmn. With a rolling prolongation of clangor which
resulted from the bends of a line, now deformed by its
ppeed, the three hundred” erushed in upon the front of
the column. Close wedged from the first in an
enemy’s column and on all gidog penne] in by the Rus
sians, Scarlett was neither killed nor maimed, for tho
saber which stove ju his helmet was stopped beforo
reaching his gkull, and the only five wounds he received
were each of them 80 slight as to be for the time alto
gether unheeded.
Finally torn through by the three hundred, assailed on
flank and front by the squadrons preparing to support
the charge of Bcarlett, the 2,000 Russian cavalry re
treated rapidly, and the day had been so far won. Lord
Raglan pronounced this charge one of the sg suc
cessful he had ever witnessed,” and top British nation
resounded with praise of the gallant soldier, whose des
perate bravery was perhaps only rivaled in the cam
Paipn by the memorable charge of the bent Savauy
which succeeded. On the return of Lord Lucan
England, Gen. Bcarlett took command of the
entire cavalry force in the «Crimea, and
tle Order of the Bath was conferred upon him for his
services toward the close of the war. After his return,
he received the command of the cavalry brigade at Al
dershott, and on his resignation was appoint
ed to the governorship of Portsmouth, and
the command of the Bouth Western District.
In 1800, he was made Adjutant-General
Among the military honors he siioyed at the time of his
death were Lieutenant-General, the Coloueloy of the 5th
Dragoon Guards, and the command of a division at
Aldershott. In politics Bir James Bearlett was a Con
servative, and was returned in that interest in 1837, but
lost his seat in July, 1841. He was a magistrate and
deputy lleutenant for Lancashire.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7, 1871-7 p. mm.
Kynopeis for the past twenty-four hours.
The low barometer which was, on Wednesday
afternoon, over Upper Michigan, atter moving southe
eastward turned to the north-east, and is now probably
north of Maine. The disturbance which waa threatening
the Atlantic coast, after causing brisk winds and snow
from Maryland to Maine, bas, during the day, been fol
lowed by clear, mld weather, with south-west winds
from the Gulf States to New-Euogland. Cloudy and
threatening weather continucs on the Lakes, increasing
south-west winds with cloudy weather on the Texas
const. The barometer has risen decidedly from Arkansas
to Michigan and westward, und brisk winds have this
afternoon, rapidly passed over Lake Michizan. Rising
barowecter and clearing weather are reported from Ore
gon to Moutan..
Probabilities.
Rising barometer, with clearing weather and fresh
westerly winds, is probable for Friday on Lake Buverior
and Michigan. South-west winds, with clouds, contin
pe west of the Mississippi; south-west winds, with par
tially cloudy and plessunt weather, continue in the
sonth Atisntic States; the area of lowest baromoter
move northeastward, with brisk vinds for a short thee ou
tho Lukes portialiy clear and clearing weather in the
Middle sud Lustciu Blules,
NOMINATIONS BY THE PRESIDENT.
OBITUARY.
I
SIR JAMES YORKE SCARLETT.
WEATHER REPORT.
WAR DEPARTMENT,
OFFICE OF TRE CHIEF BIGNAL OFFPICBR,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7, 1871-17 p. mn.
NEW-HA\\E DIRE,
TNR TEMPERANCE AND LAMOR REFORM CONVEN
TIONS.
(BY TRKISORAPH TO THE Th. BUNE.|
Coxcorp, N. H., Dec. 7—~The $wo Conven
tions which have now been held aro the finnt sympioms
of an exciting political eanvass, which will be fairly in
sugurated by the Demoeratio Convention next Wwoek.
As their voto 1s small, the fmportance of the Prohibitory
and Labor parties can only be realised when it is remem
bered that the Btate Is very evenly divided politically.
The Prohibitory Convention, yesterday, was very small,
but it was composed of earnest and vigorous elements,
which will have some weight in religions and temperance
circles. The Labor Convention, to-day, evinced a largor
and stronger organization and constituency, and the
members seemed more hopeful than the Prohibitionistas.
The Chairman, Mr. Gore of Ware, in his addreas claimed,
among other things, that the frauds of New-York City,
when compared with the corruption of the General Gov
ernment at Washington, were like a water-spout by the
side of the rushing Niagara. The Hon. Lemuel P. Cooper
of Croydon was again selected as the standard bearer of
fhe paris, receiving 130 votes against 4 for Gov. Weston,
Levi B. Tucker was unanimously nominated for Railroad
Commissioner.
The resolutions claim that a people's reform party is
needed; dernand reform in the revenue service; denounce
the national banking systom, and ask its repeal; urge
cival service reforin; infer that more forgeries and defal
cations might be unearthed among New-Hampsbire offi
cials; oppose the importation of Chinese by corporate
capital, and hold that the present system of taxation in
New-Hampshire 18 defective and unequal. The follow
ing are included in the platform
esol ed, That the thanks of this Convention are doe te the Hon.
Horace Greeley of TRE New-Yohx TrinvNm for bis efforis to expose
and reform the abuses, frands, corruptions, iniquities, and usurpations of
the Grant Administration,
Resolved, ‘That we otill maintain that which has always heen oar
policy, and 18 now indorsed by President Grant io his Message, that the
reduction of the tariff npon articles of general use is demanded hy the
people. and we call upon Congress no longer to resist, but to ratify the
recommendation,
Kesolved, That we deprecate the levying of blackmail upon elerks and
other public officers for political gariy purposes as degrading and de
basthg the public service.
Resolved, That we congratalate Renators Snmner, Schars, Trumbull,
and Patterson and their coadjutors in the Senate upon their triumph in
opposing and squeiching the dangerous and corrupt scheme of the Presi
deut for anuexing Santo Domingo,
Resolved, That the thorongh rebuke administered to the Taswmany
thieves by the freemen of New-York is cheering to every true reformer,
an that the same spirit of action ought to be followed up until all plun
dorers and thieves, whether high or low, in both the State und National
Goveranients, are driven from their positions and paniskied aa tuey de.
serve. to the end that the Government of the peorle may #ruly be a Gov
crumeat of the people, by the people, and fur the people,

THE LEGISLATURE ORGANIZED.
SaN Fraxcisco, Dee. 7.—The Legislature
having fujly organized the joint committee for the elec
tion of on United States Senator will be held to-night or
to-morrow. Gov. Booth will be inaugurated to-morrow.
About 1,000 militia will perform the escort duty,
The Assembly to-day elected tho following officers:
fpeaker, Thomas B. Shannon of San Francisco; Clerk,
Marcus D. Boruck of San Francisco; Assistant Clerk,
George W. Dixon of Grass Valloy; Minute Clerk, Martin
Vrooman of Sacramento; Engrossing Clerk, A. J. Rhoades
of Bacramento,
In the Senate the following officers were elected: Jour
nal Clerd, Juan Delaguerra of Banta Barbara; Minnte
ork, J. B. Stepliens of Amador; Enrolling Clerk, Tod
Robinson of San Francisco; Engrossing Clerk, E. L.
Crawford ot Ei Dorado.
a r
THE VOTE OF MASSACHUSETTS.
While New-York with a population of 4,300,
000, polled at the late election 755,00 votes, Massachu
gota, with 1,400,000 og of New-York), only gave
122,000. The Rroport on of men who vote in Massachu
netts wonld thus appear to be only balf as great usin
New-York, But there 1s a recsou to belleve that the
pepulation of New-York has heen underrated in the
census, and that of Massachusetts overrated, with a view
to increase the representative force of the one, and re
duce that of the other. [The Albany Argus.
If there is a reason for such fabrications as this,
wo are at a loss to imagine it. In the first place, the
total vote cast at the lute election in Massachusotts was
156,793, and not “only 122,000" as stated by The Argus.
Over 30 years ago, at the election for President in 1840,
tho aggregate vote of Massachusetts was 124,818, Since
then political contests in that State have not been very
exciting. At the Presidential election in 1868, however,
the aggregate was 105,911, Besides, in Massachusetts
every voter must be able to read and write, and must
bave paid a poll-tax -regulations which exclude those
Democrats who in New-York have been able to add
$60,000,000 to the debt of this city, aud give tho electoral
vota of the State to Seymour in spite of a genuine iua
jority for Grant.
so———
THE UNION REPUBLICAN GENERAL COM
MITTEE.
The Union Republican General Committecheld
its last regular mecting for 1871, last evening, at the Re
publican Headquarters, Fifth-ave., Sinclair Tousey pre
siding in the absence of Mr. Greeley. wihe Executive
Committee, through its chairman, Gen.j Cochrane, ro
ported the following Committee to' cooperate with Com
mittees trom other organizations in an endeavor to pro
cure from the new Legislature suitable and effectivo
legislation for the interests of the city:
Horace Greeley, Sinclair Tousey, Lloyd Aspinwall,
George H., Van Cleft, Gen. John A. Foster, Charles T.
Polhamus, Gon. John Cochrane, Daniel D, Conover,
Thomas E. Stewart, Ira O. Miller, and Freeman J. Fithian,
This report was adopted. It was then moved and
resolved to call primary meetings for tbe clection of
delogates to the General Committee of 1872, and of officers
of the various district associations for the same year, to
be held on Thursday evening, Dec. 21, the dclegates
elected to meet for organization at headquarters on
Thursday, Jan. 4, 1672. The call embraced the following
provdsion
Each District Association ehall, previona to said elee
tion, hold a public meeting, and fuvite all electors in the
District who voted the Republican State ticket at the
last election to enroll themselves as members, and such
persons shall be entitled to vote at such election,
Andrew W. Leggatt then proposed the following reso
lution of thanks to Mr. Greeley
Resoleed, That the Union Republican General Com.
mittee express by this action their great obligation to
the Hon, Horace Greeley for his able and fnpieriial ad
ministration of the duties of President of this Committee
during the Jest year, and that we tender to him our
thanks, and trust that in tho future as in the vast he
way continue to enjoy the love and respect of the great
mass of the Republican party, and, it may be added, the
intelligent portion of the American people.
The reading of the resolution was followed by enthu
slastic applause and cheers. Ex-Judge Fithian then
made brief remarks complimentary to the sagacity and
fairness which had characterized the administration of
their Presicent, and referred cnthusiaetically to the
proud position which the General Committee occu
pied under his leadership. Similar speeches wero also
made by Gen. Cochrane, and others, relative to the able
services performed by Vice-President Tousey and Re
cording Secretary Coschmon. The resolution was then
unanimously adopted, and, after the thanks of the Com
mittee had been also tendered to the above-mentioned
officers, and to the Corresponding Secretary, Treasurer,
and Sergeant-at-Arms, the meeting adjourned.

GCTFRMAN RFFORM MOVEMENTS.
The German American Reform Association
of the Fourteenth Ward elocted, last night, Benno
Bpeyer, Henry Kriiger, Henry A. Bales, and Fr. Gercke
Yeiocaten to the Central Organization to be formed next
week.
The Independent German Reform organization of the
Bixteonth Ward, which hus already enrolled 308 meom
bers, clected as delegates O. Zollikoffer, Dr. Gerke, H.
Lorenz, Chas. Loos, F. Finzel, Cl. Dierks, M.Muouch,
and A. Briede.
The German Reform organization of the XVIIth As
sembly District, Twenty-second Ward, elected Franz
Zsnino, Levi Desser, Nicholas ‘Raymond, Igoats Was
sermann, A. Schmall, Wm. Pitzke, Dr. Tauerzky,
Michael Mansard, F. Kempf, Louis Wendel, Chas. Mac,
and Nicholas. Grebenstein.
A German Reform Association has been permanently
organized in the Ninth Ward bY the selection of tho fol
lowing officers: President, Sebastian Benkler; Vice
Presidents, Henry Ritzer and Leonard Bohl; Secretary,
Wm. Lamb; Treasurer, John Grode. Messrs. Benkler
Grode, Ritzer, and Fett are the delegates to the Coutral
Comwiltco.
tl
~The Louisiana Senate has adjourned sine die,
without transacting any business other than the elcc
tion of P. B. Pinchback Vice-President, as already an
nounced.
Mr. James B. McCreery of Madison County
has been elected Speaker of the Kentucky House of Rop
resentatives. The Logislature is now fully organized and
ready for business.
An old Dutchman, who some years ago was
elected a member of the Canadian Legislature, said, in
his broken Enqlish style: “Ven .I vent to the lechisla
ture I Sought I vould find dem all Bolomons dere, but I
soon found dere vas somo as pick fools dere as I vas.”
The Boston Mercantile Hall Association sup
port the Hon. Willlam Gaston for reélection as Mayor.
Mr. Gaston is Democrat, and the indorsement of this
Association secured his election a year ago. The Journal
and Traveller sons Mr, Gnston, while The Advertiser
in tor Alderwnau Talbot, the straight Republican candi
dale.
"I'he seats of five of the Republican members
of the Kentucky Loglslature are contested. Tho claim
ants, some of them ut least, base their hopes mainly on
the fact that the Legislature is Dewocratic. The cor
respondent of The Cincinnati Commercial, save: One
of the most prominent casos of contest 1s that of the
Favette District. Col. W. C. Goodloe was elected by
majority of 0s votes, Thy seal 1s contested by Dr.
Deiglans L. PPoiee. The aus (tious «involved do not seem
to bo that Govdloo did not pegplve a malorjly of the
POLITICAL.
ae
KTW.YOME DATLY TRINUNY,

CALIFORNIA.
THE LEGISLATURE ORGANIZED.
POLITICAL NOTES.
votes, but that soe of the polls were [Skoguiar] oponed.
The lexnlity of those polls 1a sustained, AL by
such Jrom nent Democrats and able lawyers as Madison
B. Brookinfidge. The yess Ed es D
A 0 res
matter, som 0c oy wi ve nothin
do in promoting Prioe’s designe.” y
Wendell Phillips has made a convert. Says
The Oincinnali ERquirer: “If the income tax is to be
retamed, let it be gradusted and be greater in amount
upon those with large than those with amall incomes
say two per cent upon $2.000, five per cent upon $5,080, 10
per cent upon $10,000, and 80 on.” Buch an amendment
would be popular and would be right,” Call you that
Macking of Tom, Bcott 1 By the time he had jad 100 per
c'\nt on $100,000 he would have nothing left for political
pu. "poses, unless he trenched on his capital.
to
THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Se
FURTITER TFSTIMONY FOR THE PROSECUTION.
ANNaPoLis, Md., Dee. 7.—The court met at 10
o'clock, the esowd being greater than on any previous
day.
Mrs. ITutton was called to the witness stand, when Mr,
Revell, the State's Attorney, said the prosecution pro
posed now to renew a question which had beon objected
to and withdrawn yesterday, and arked the witnees to
detail the cirenmstances connected with the making of a
milk-punch at Mrs, Wharton's house of which Van Nees
partook, and in which a sediment was found which
proved to be tartar emetic. He admonished the witnoss
not to answer until the Court had decided whether oruoé
to admit the question,
The defense objected, and asked if the Btate oa
to show that Mrs, Wharton made the punch or
her conpection with it. The defense stated that
Mrs. Wharton was now on trial for poisoning
Gen. Ketchum the question might properly come up on
the trial for attompting to poison Van Ness. The admis
sability of the question was argued by connsel on both
rides at great length, when the Court said it had been
shown by the witness, Mrs, Hutton, that on Wednesday
Mrs. Wharton adininistered a dose of medicine px mixture
to Gen. Kotchum that certain symptoms soon followed,
and Gen. Ketchum died shortly thereafter. Mre, Chubb
had proved that she purchased tartar emetio for Mrs.
Wharton on Monday, and the Court were olearly of
opinion that it was jroper to show that tartar emetic
wna in the house at the command or under the control of
Mrs. Wharlon. Witness then stated she brought the milk
from ber own house on the morning of Wednesday, Juno
28: gave it to thie servant, who took it down to the cellar;
afterward got ‘he milk from the servant and gave It to
Mrs. Van Neas, who prepared the pr witneas assist
ing; Mrs. Wharton was prescut; the punch was ordered
by Dr. Chew; one half of the punch was poured ina wine
gins and the other half in a tumbler, and placed by Mrs.
Van Ness in a refrigerator in the dining-room,
‘he State now proposed to show to whom the punch
in the wine-zlass was given, when the counsel for the
defense suid it would be admitted that the punch was
Riven te sume one, and that uo bad effects wero pro
esd,
Witness continued: Later in tho fay saw the tumbler,
which had been placed in the refrigerator with the
punch, inthe third story, front room; Mrs. Toney had
the tumbler; there was un sediment in the bottom of it;
fuw Mrs. Loney place tho tumbler in her pockot; Mrs,
Loney is witness’ sister; Mr. Yan Ness {8 her brother,
Dr. PC. Williams wag sworn: First saw Gen. Ketchum
in the afternoon of the 26th of June, at Mrs. Wharton's;
he was sitting on a sofn, much nanseated, very pale and
-prostrated, fia rapid, and vomiting every few mo
ments; I ordered nim to bed, and prescribed a dose of
two drops creosote in a tablespoon} of water, to bo
taken every two bonrs until he was relieved;
witness thought he gave the directions to Mrs, Hutton;
when he got there, no one else was in the room; took the
prosshiption to a draggist namea Gosman, snd sent it
yack to the house; did not think the case of suflicient im
portance for him to remain; saw Gen. Ketcham again
noxt morning (Tuesday), about 10 o'clock; found him
asleep; made a nojse and waked him, and asked him how
he was; ho replied, “quite well,” and expressed a de
termination to return to Washington that merning; that
he Lad expected to return with Mrs. Chubb, but had
overale pt himself; Mrs. Chubb had waked him and
asked if he was going to Washington he told Ler it was
then too late, but he would follow fn a later train, and
dine with her at 3 o'clock; he agreed there was no neces
sity fur more medicine, and I gave him none; he insisted
on paying moe; witness saw Gen. Ketchum
again on Wednesday morning, having received a
message from Mrs. Wharton to come immediately
as the General was worse; witness went and got there a
little after 10: the General was lying on a sofa on his
right side, with his feet on a chair and his face to the
back of the sofa: made a nolse thinking he was asleep;
then spoke thes was no suswer; went up and latd bis
band on the General's shoulders, when a
glizht convulsive tremor passed over his whole
body; the room being dark, Josie open
the shutters and returned to the sofa; found his head
and face very much congesied, Fesehiing a livid ap
pearance shook him and asked him how ho was ho re
plied, Tolerably,” and Feiapied into his previous condl
tion shook and questioned him agath he gave only
monuosy liable answer, and again relapsed; he did not
deseribo any of his symptoms or feelings.
n
Do not think he was capable of speaking a sentence;
called Mr, Hutton to aid him in putting Gen, Ketchum to
bid; shook him, and asked him, in a loud tone, “Can't
vou get up?” he hesitated, and then said, Yes;"” but
failing to rise, witness removed his chair, und raised him
to a standing Nositiun askod him if Lhe wns not able to
walk to bed; he wes not able to doso; found his legs and
arms were stiff and rigid; he was too heavy to carry, end
we sild him aleng the floor on his feet to the bed, and put
Lim in; has no eralitetion of any ig Wy word fron) ie
General after they starced to put fim to bed; undygdsce
him, and Ley art ice Po bs okt to hls fend
and wrote a prescription for half an ounce of tincture of
yellow jasmine, with direciions to give 40
drops every two hours, in two teaspoonfuls of wat;
Mr. and Mrs. Hutton were in the room then; the medl
cine was sent for, and while waiting, witness went down
stairs to see Mra. Wharton, and to iuform her of the
General's condition, and of the propriety of sending
for hus friends, as ho thought the General was very ill,
He administered to Gen. Ketcham a dose of jasmyn, 4(
fro yi! a ie pon dds two Searponniis of Vases,
twigs Ble to Introduge the spoon [nto the Genera '8
a AR Aid wore cibced, +m would not have
been the case had he boen under the influence of opium;
he remained to watch the elect of the medicine, and in
15 miuutes Gen. Ketchum began to improve;
hia color became mich better, and the
expression of Nis eyes notably better; took a seat
by the bed and watched some time; he ought to have
stated before that when be gave the dose at 11 o'clock
he gave directions to repeat it at 12, if there was no jn
provement, but after seeing the effect he changed his
wind and ordered it to be given at 1; he then left the
house to prociire n nurse, but soon returned to Mrs.
Wharton's ana informed her that he could not get a
nurse, and that he had ordered a dose to be given Gen,
Ketehium at 1, and he would return as near that bour as
possible, n Et Le PURE
After dismissing the theory of apoplexy, and that of
opin, he thought the General might be laboring under
Bright's disease of the Kidneys, and suflering from urinal
poison, He had passed no urine that day, aud it was
necessary to use su catheter, Ho left the blouse
to visit other patients, and wusa returning when
he met Mrs, Hutton; went for oatheter; returned
to the house, aud found the General in con
vulsions, lying on his back at full length, Tue convul
sions were peculiar and seemed to have a tendency to
throw him on Lia left side, and were accompanied by
groans. Tuere wers marks on his forehead, neck, and
stomach. The skin was torn off both sides of the abdo
men. ‘He administered chiorotorm and catheter;
he then ordered and adwinistered 30 grains
of chloral; went home; tested urine and
found it healthy; returned aud found Mrs. Snowden and
Mrs. Hutton in the General’s room; advanced to the
bedside, and being puzzled about the General's condition
witness remarked (vo Mrs. Snowden, I fear the General
has been ig ll this was about 2 o'clock, or rather
after; while in this condition of doubt aud
and suspicion Mrs, Hutton came to him,
they went to the corner of the room;
and Mrs. Wharton said (here witness stopped); witness
then went gut of the room to see Mra. Losey, who pro
duced a tumbler from her Juche: and asked him what it
contained being Jt on his guard by what she said to
hiw, ho took out lis knife aud put a small Quanity
of the sediment on his tongue, pressing it
against the roof of his mouth; there was
a strong metallic taste, so strong that the taste remained
in his mouth until his dinner, which was about 5 o'clock;
being convinced by the taste that the deposit contained
mettallie poison, he returned to the Geuersl's room with
Lis doubts thalijed to n conclusion that he had been
poisoned; found him Fold fepidly worse; left the
room to notify Mrs. Whartou of the General's im
pending death; after doing so, was returning to his
room, when he met some one coming down; asked him
how the Genersl was; was answered, Ho 18 dead.”
The witneas then detailed his SxuIning the Jam and
coat of Ketcham, finding the pocket-book, watch, knife,
and other small articles, aud, his giving them to Mrs,
Hubbard. He did not find or examine a vest.
The witness then detailed his meeting
Gen, Bruce at 9 o'clock that uight,
and obtaining from Brice permission to make a Pe
moro) examination, which he did next day at 11 o'clock,
assisted by Drs. Chew and Miles, both Professors in tho
Maryland” University; failed to discover enyining in
brain that would account for death; then applied
ligature ahove aud below the stomach, and removed
that organ and contents; removed the bowels, and opei
them, and found DoLUfop noteworthy; the points of con
gestion, the heart and lungs, were not examined then;
the stomach was ov in a glass jar, and taken by Dr.
Chew to Prof. Aiken; some time Subatyuent, after
the Grand Jury had indioted rs. Whar
ton, thhy went to Washington, exhumed the Body
of Ketcham, and exhumed the heart and lung, whic
they fouud healthy.
At 3 o'olock the Court adjourned, the witness being
otill on the stand.
EE
RINGS AND LOBBYISTS.
J td
A LECTURE BY EX-GOV. HAWLEY,
A LECTURE BY EX-GOV. HAWLEY,
Ex-Gov. Joseph R. Hawley of Connecticut
delivered a lecture, act evening, in the Bedford-ave.
Reformed Church, Brooklyn, E. D. In beginning his dis
course he stated that he had fopsome time been deliver
ing a lecture pos the duty of American gentlemen to be
fe iticluns, and was Jredared to show that no one could
an American gentleman without being at the same time
an honest polivieisu, The need of the time, said he, is
that the reins of Jove should be seized by men who
will curry into minutest details of government a
strictly honest and chivalrous character. Our Sutety
depends upon the degree in which men regard bal
lots as sacred things. Rings, so called, run from
a village schovl-district or church to combina
tions of kmgs. Theres have been rings in all times
and in sll departments and oocupations in life,
but, in the modern acceptance, the term refers moro
particularly to combinations for political purposes, The
princes among the lobbyists, the smartest,” ue they are
called, are never seen in the Capitol. It in the town,
they are only seen in Slegant apartments at the hotels, or
with friends at private houses. There is such a thing
us legitimate Juohying. A certain interest might be
confided to a committee and it would be perfectly right and
proper that men who were affected by interest should
£0 before that Committee and Pi the matter in {ts
proper light. But there 18 range for irregular
operations of this kind. At the same time there is another
kind of lobbying a grade lower, that 1a wrong, but by no
woans the worst. A pan interested io the Passage of o
certain bill, may Moet legislator, and without appear
ing to endeavor to,40 #0 may A the matter in such a
light a to influence «°F P foe his listener. But the
lobbyist, too ofton o.tiewpts to corrupt the legis
Iator, and endeavors fo influence ;him by offer
ing some pecuniary Sdvautage—a share iu
some scheme, or an opportunnty to make some profitable
investment. Rank bribery ig the lowest stage of all.
There is scarcely a Lepleiatare {n the lund—I speak ad
visedly—where {here ls not more ov less of this corrup
tion, and in one or two iustances Legislatures have be
come 80 corrupt that they are bought up Aes<ion after
scesion, The froatast amount of lobbying ie done by the
great corpora for their interests.


In this country we have endeavored to avert tho evila
of an aristocracy, and to praveut the establisiruent of
great landed interests vested in individuals, We have
no laws of entall or Jrimorehiture; and landa and prop
erty owned by private individuals are dissipated by va
various means. Men grow old and die, and their posses
sions are scattered among their heirs. But the great
corporations, holding vast amounts of property
and controling immense interests, aro always
young, The laws In regard to them
diffor in different States; in some bey are allowed
to nequire endlessiy and bold all the land {hey can possi
bly lav their hands upon. Blavery was a gigantic cor
Paragon, holding a peculiar species of property, aud, ai
though not worth nearly as much ns our rajlroads, 1t
gave us a vast amount of trouble, Our railroads are by
no means at the culminating potat of thelr prosperity it
1s still increasivg, and is destined to influence our busl
iuterests to a much greater extent tban it now
(TI.
TOE METHODIST STATE CONVENTION.
BL
A CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT PROPOSED ON
THE LIQUOR QUESTION.

Syracuse, N. Y., Dee. 7.—In the Methodist
State Convention this morning a resolution favoring a
constitutional amendment to hold venders of intoxica
ting liquors, and thelr property employed in the traffic,
responsible for the evils resulting therefrom, was
adopted. Resolutions were adopted te the following
effect:
That Methodism should employ all varietias of gifts
and talents; that, while wo oni A our church edifices,
in their CADaRiLSs convenience and style of architecture,
should be fairly represented in the ability of the Church,
and the culture of the age in art and @sthetics, yot we
have need to beware that we Yo not compromise our pro
fession, and sacrifice Christian an es to od 1H
show; that a return to primitive Methodistic nsage in
congregational singing is an indispensable condition of
the growth ad evangelical power of Methodism advo
eating the duty of conserving the missionary character
of the Church, the expediency of a bishop who should
reside in Central New-York, and the duty of extempora
neous Preaching and of Christian union and Sobperatios
with other Evangelical Churches. Also, authorizing tne
appointment of a committee to inaugurate a legislative
enactment regulating the tenire of church and parson
ago property, in harmony with the Methodist discipline.
At the afternoon session of the Methodist State Con
vention, the subject for discussion was political reform,
political corruption, and the relation of Christian citizens
to party coutrol. Papers on the jFatieet were read by
the Rev. Dr. Goodwin of Rushville, the Rev. Dr. Taylor
of New-York, and the Rev. Dr. Brown of Rochester, tik
ing strong ground in favor of political retorm and urg
ing the Churel to do its whole duty in bringing it about.
The following resolutions were unanimously a opted:
Resolved, ‘That the r cent alarming developments of political ecorrap
tion in our cowmonwealth, and iu our netion, clearly show toot the
libertiea of this eouatry sre not safe when the Government is in the
bauds of men who make party politics and office 8 mercenary trade,
Second ‘Tlist we hold it to be oar doy. as Christian citizens, to labor
in caucdses an conventions to prevent the nomination of bad eandidatos,
and to secars that of good and capable candidates tor office, as well as to
2hdeaves, by all Lonoruble means, to socare the fruits of wuch labors ab
e polls.
Third That we recognize with gratitude to the God of nations His
grand providuuce under which true Ameiican patriots 1a our Commoa
wealth, irrespective of creed or politcal party, have arisen In their
migit, to the overthrow of pubic conspirators against the rights of the
Reopie aud the safety of the Republic. avd we are most Lappy that
‘I r.stian men are sinoug the for-most in this righteous strugzie to re
claim the franchis s wrested from the people by a vioicuce and villainy
unequaled in tue annals of public and official crime.
Fourth: That this conte t must be pressed to a full and final victors,
and we hold all Christian citizens, who are sufficiently nmnerons, to save
this fev e nation from ruin, as responsible to God aud man for the comple
tion of the good work sv suspiciously began.
A resolution was adovted, petitioning the Legislature
to strengthen the tenure vd which church and pastoral
properiy iu the State is held. Another State Couveution
was ordered to meet two year's hence,
A resolution looking toward reéstablishing tho unity
of the Church, North and South, was oflered, and referred
to the Business Coiumittee to be reported,
Tho following resolutions were introduced by Prof.
Flack, and adopted:
Resolved. That the granting of a license, or the signing of a petition
for cause, or voting for a license, by a member of oir Cliareb, is 8 vio
Jutiou ol be spirit and teachiugs of the general rules, whicl canool be
tolerated.
Resolved, That we recommend all our religions papers to have temper
Suen departments, und all fr.cuds of temperance to contribute to such
epart:nents,
Ln 1, That we earnestly recommend oll the pastors of our churches
to organize, in each charge. a temperance society of the wembery of theirs
congregations and Sunday schools,
Kesolved, That he Clair appoint 8 Committee of five members of this
Convention, to meet with other Committees of the varions temperance
orgamzatioas, for the purpose of ca:rying out the policy indicated in the
for soing resolatious,
The fusiness of the Convention having heen completed,
half an hour was &pent in a love-feast, and at its conclu.
sion Prestiont Harris returned lis thanks for the Yery
courteons manner in which the Chair had been treated,
The entire assembly joined in singing “Shall We Gather
at the River,” closing with the Doxology, when the Rev.
Dr. Graves of Fairhaven, Conn., pronounced the benedie:
tion, and the second dethodisy Stale Couvention ad
fourned sine dig, os "20 oY "7.

THE DARTMOUTH ALUMNI DINNLR.
et ne.
EPEECHHES BY ATTORNEY-GENERAL AKERMAN
AND GOYERNOR-ELECT NOYES OF OHIO.
The Alumni Association of Dartmouth Col
lege licld its Eighth Annual Festival at Delwounlce’s last
evening. Among the prominent guests wore Attorney:
Goneral Akerman, Gen, Noyes, Governor-clect of Ohio;
Gen. R. Delevan Mussy, the Rev. N. J. Morrison, D. D.,
President of Olivet College; the Rev. Charles A. Aiken, D,
D.. ex-President of Union Collegg; the Hon. Geo. W. Bur
leign of New-Hampshire, the Hon, John B.D, Cogswell
of the Massachusetts Legislature; H. N, Twombly and
W. W. Niles, members elect of the New-York Aseewnbly
Richard I. Kunball, President, and Walter Gibson, Sce
retary, of the Association; Judge Daulel Blaisdell; tho
Rov. Asa D. Smith, D. D., President of Dartmouth Col
lege, and Prof. O. 5 Hubbard, Prof. 4. B. Crosby, Prof,
John Ordronnsux, Prof. Frank Baileys and Prof, IE, T.
Quimby, nll of Dartmouth College, The ofticérd of the
Associntion were reélected for the ensuing Jaa,
About 60 of the Ajlumui sat down to dinner, the President
and Qonored guests occupylug a table in the center. At
the close of the dinner, after a few words from President
Kimball, President Asa D. 8mith reported that the Col
loge had opened the jer with 420 students in the various
departments. They had just begun to occupy anew and
noble edifice, Culver Hall, one of the finest ididinge in
the State. Eighty thousand dollars had been received
for the Lenctit of the College, aud the Treasurer was still
open to post-graduate geuorosity,
Attorney-General Akerman, the next speaker, referred
to bis clags, that of 1842, as the largest of any, namber
fog a hundred or more, aud being graduated with be
tween 85 and 20. In the lapse of 29 years mnany changes
had taken place, some gad, some pleasant. Sone of thelr
classmates had died, many were still living. Some are
distingwshied in the various professions, and some in
militury services, Sowe have Wonilly preached the
Gospel in our own land and others in Oriental countries,
Some have been contented witli more quiet
walks of life, and others, perhaps unwisely, have trod
the stormy paths of politics. Ho then referred to their
old instructors, some of whom were still in lifo, while
others Lad passed away. He spoke perticulanty of Prof.
Chase, who had gradually, ‘rom being no favorite with
the students, worked Lis way surely into their regards.
Ho was thought to be too austere, but it was ouly to
those who neglected their studies. Te those who showed
a desire to profit by his instruction, ho was® always will
ing and glad to leud a helplug hand, even to the dullest.
He then referred to one of the living graduates, Chief
Justice Chase, as one, distinguished in the puis ser
vice, who had always shown his attachment to Dart
mouth College.
Gen, Noyes who followed, sa!d he liked to Yep burs.
ing brightly in his heart that love for the old College
which was liable sometimes to smolder and be covered
up by the world’s cares or forgotten in the business of
lite. Is was desirable that we should sometivies
turn aside from the pursuit of wealth to ro
member the mother that cherished us, and to
consider what we may do for her now tifat
she Is more than 100 years old, Ifshe is in her advanced
years neglected by her children, she will be indeed,
and itis fratitylig to know that Shey are always Ieady
to lay thelr iropuiss at the feet of their, Alina Mater. He
spoke at considerable length on this subject, and wae
followed with addresses by Prof. Frauk Balley, Prof. Or
drouaux. Prof. Peasiee, and others.
PERSONAL.

Mr. Daniel 8. Dickinson, who has just been
appointed by Controller Green to the position of Depuiy
Collector of city revenue, is a grandson of the late Hon,
Daufel 8. Dickinson, and is said to be young man of
ability and integrity.
Mrs. Myra Clark Gaines, after incessant legal
warfare of over a balf century with varying fortune,
met a crushing defeat the other day, when a NewOr
leans Court declared that she was an illegitimate child
of the father from whom her great possessions wers to
come.
Mrs. Abraham Lincoln, who has been, since
the loss of her son “Tad,” living with her eldest son
Robert, in Chicago, 1s about to remove to Jacksonville,
Fla., for the Winter, to restore, in that gonial climate,
her sadly impaired health.
The Hon. Joseph Medill, who has just as
sumed the Mayoralty, in Chicago, before taking the oath
of office, relinquished his galioeial connection with TAe
Tribune, a paper aargely indebted to him for its present
groat position, and of which he owns a large share,
Capt. E. Penrose Jones, who died the other
day in Columbus, Ohio, where he bad been for some
years Ordnance Storekeeper of the Government Ar
senal, was formerly a prominent journalist in Cincinnati,
having been the J ablishor and proprietor of The Colum.
dian and Great West, (now deceased), which at one time
had the largest circulation of any literary weekly in the
West. Capt. Jones had also been connected with two or
three of the Cincinnati daflics, and was a man of un
usual energy and force of character.
MEETING OF THE JOINT TEMPERANCE COM:
MITTEFE.
Syracuse, N. Y., Dec. 7.—The Joint Com
mittee ropresenting various temperance organizations in
this State met in this city yesterday afternoon and
adopted resolutions appointing a Committee of five to
prepare a bill to be approved by the Joint Committee for
presentation to tbe Leciglature for pdovtign renggling
the resent license laws and giving the people of locall
ties the right to prohibit the sale intoxioh ting liqgers,
also uzglui the adoption of the Oltio law of dam
y Committee consists of the Rev. B, McKoau of
A bavy, the Hon. Horace E. Smith of Johnstown, the
Hon. John O’Donnell of Lowville, J. L. Bogg of Syrsouse,
and 8. B, Dickson of Buffalo,
oa ll ee eI al A ii Riri. att
e——— eae
NEw-OrLraxs, Dec. 7.—The weather, to-day,
was clear, bat the attendance was light. First Race—
Lightning Stakes for two-year-olds, §0 entrance p. P.,
$500 added, the second horse to receive $100, and the
third to sve his stake, There were 16 nominations, bn
ouly five horeee started, The race Was won wu, B.
Foley's ut filly, beating Young Harry, London,
Georgie Wood, and J. 0. W., in the same order. Time,
M523. Becond Race, club purse, $300, mile heats, tires
in five, for ull ages, was won by Arizona. Time, 1:%4{
1:344. 1:57, 1:'543.
POSSIBLY A MURDER IN HOBOKEN.
Edward Chark was killed, early yesterday,
at the saloon of Michael Fitzpatrick, at Second and Wil
low-sts., Hoboken, N. J. He was ntoxicated, and had
quarrele@ with Fitzpatrick in regard to the change re
ceived after paying for liquor. He became noisy, and
the propristor ejected him, He etther stamblod or was
Ho down, falling heavily upon the pavement. An
examinution showed that his skull had been fractured.
Ho was attended by a surgeon, but died about 1 o'clock.
Thera were s number of persons in the sa'oon, one of
whom states that Fitzpatrick knocked Clark dewn.
Fitzpatrick was arrested, and, after an_ examination’ be
fore the Recorder, sent to the County Jail, to await the
result of the inquest. Thomas Conway and Jawes
Phelan were held as witnesses.
The National Board of Trade now in session n 8¢.
Loa was occupied yesterday 1n discussing the subject of the repais of
the Mississ. ppi Jevesa.
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
s 14
Bw OnveaNs, Dee, 7.—Flour easier; Bapardae, $8 73; Double Patra,
#77314: Treble Extra, 8750, He, lower; wo pA he; Cosh
#42. Pork quiet and beld at $14 753815. Baeon du dk bi”
SS ariclet wshaned Exchange—Sterling, 1183; New-York Bight,
scount. Gold.
WiLxinaton, N. C., Dee, 7.—8pirits Turpentise strung ot ge. Rosia
ig at $650 for Ko. 1, 84 Boros No. 2. A 25 Low No. 8,
86 for Pale. Crude Turpentive steady st $3 50 for Hani, $623 for
Yellow Dip, $535 for Virgin. Tar steady at $3 65,
Cattle closed dull; very best on sale to-day, 5{@6e.; First Quality,
@yc.; Medium, 3, D4. Ordinary, 3 roocipts, 1,606 head asles.
1,71 head. Hogs scarce and frm as 5364; fow eholeo siade
bi her: receipts, 7.268 head. Sheep ~Good in improved demand; Com
mon dull; Fair to Good, 4}@54c.; Good to Extra, 5{Dbe.; reesipts, 1,40
|For other Ship News see Third Page.
ARRIVED.
Steamship Wevbosset, Bulges New-Orleans Nov. 29, and the Bar ih,
with mdse. and pass. to C. H. Mallory Co.
Fhip Benledi, Livingstone, of and 35 davs from 6 with mdee.
Bcbi. Mary D. Leach (of Provincetown), en. Jam, 18
days, wita fruit.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Bostox, Dec. 7.—Arrived, bark Clotilde, from Clenfuegos.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Havaxa, Dee. 7.—The steamship Columbia, from New-York, arrived
this moruicg.
DISASTERS.
Nzw-Loxpoy, Dec. 7.—The schr. Nelson Harvey went ashore this
mornins near the New-Loadon Li Dn. The echr. Pranels, for Fand
wich, with coal, on Cormorant’s Ree, roke 10 two, and ls a total loss,
aud 'he schr, Rebeeca Florence went ashore, but was got off.
POO OAATERRRED=™
“00d Liver O11, if taken at the frst sppearancs of Consnmption
oiteu effects permanent cures.” HAZARD CASWELL'S is the best.
EASTON ~BURNRT~In Newark, N. J., on Wednesday, Dec. 8, by Be
J. F. Steams, D. D., Mr. Nelron 8. Easton of Peruanding, Pla,
Miss Aart Burnet, youngest daughter of Hoa Wu. B, Kianer of
Newark, N. J.
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed with full
nwnme and address
J]
All Notices of
name and address
BISHIOP—At S8puyten Dayvil, N. Y., Dee, 6, 1871, Anns Norris, wife of
W. F. Buhop, and daughter of Adon Bmith, aged 2v years ond
mont'.e.
Relatives and friends are hereby respectfully invited to attend the fanera)
from the residence of Geo. G. Bishop, Norwalk, Coon, st 3 nm
Jaan, Dec. 9. Trains leave Tweuty-seventh-st. depot at 8,9, aud
‘Wa, m.
BRIDGRMAN~On Thursday, Dee. 7, Andrew Bridgeman, sged 50 vers.
The funeral will take place at his residence, Astoria, jp Island. on
Satarday, at 10 o'clock a. m. Carrisghy wil be i. waiting ot Hunter's
Point Vivirty-fourth-st.) Ferry, remains will ve iaterzed im
Greenwool,
 CLARK—QOn Wedgesday, Dec. 6, of apoplexy, Darius Ciark, aged 4
years.
Funeral services at the Washington Hotel at 12 o'clock on Friday.
DEMING—On Monday, the 4th iust.,, Hauuah Woolcots, relict of Bar
sillal Deming.
Relatives and friends of the family are requestad to attend the fuveral
at the Chapel of the University-place Church, on Friday, the Sth uty
at 11 8. m,, without furdber inviadon. Tue romana wili be luterred
Greenwood, -r ow 3 vy xh.
PELLOWE~On Tuesday evenlnz. 5th, at Weodstock, Westchester
County, N. Y., Heurieits, wife of Blwand B. Flllows, aged 58 years,
10 qui be taps,
Fanera ay, fost., 1 o'clock r.m. Friends of the family are
invited to attend without farther notic Carriages will be in waiting
ot the Morrissnia depot on arrival o. the Harlem 11:40 a, m, trgin,
HERBERT —At Row Braregick, N. J., Weluseday, Dee. 8, AT
Morgad Herbert. in the 37th vesr of hus age.
The aciven and friends are invited to attend the funeral ceremonies
from his late residence, No. 2 Coliege-ive., New-Brunswiek, N.,ab
11:30 o'clock a. m., on Rattray, the Sth inst, Fuseral re:vices, to
which the public are invited, at the F.rst Presbyterian Chareii, st 12
o'clock m.
LETSON—On Dee. 6, John Letson, in the 35th year of his ege,
Funeral from the Baptist Church, East Eightv-third-st., coar fecond
ave., on Friday, Dec. 3, at 10 o'clock. ‘I he remains will be removed to
Now-Brupswick for interment Ly the 12:3) train, N, J. R. 12,
RICHARDS—On Wednesday morning, Samnel Rickards of Plve Mile
River, Conn., aged 80 years,
Fite will take place 110. bis late residence, at p. m., Priday,
SANDERSON=—At the Langham Hotel, London, ou TLurslaz, Nov, 16,
of disease of the heart, James M. Sunder on, aged 54 yearn
Relatives and friends are invited to a'tend the funeral at Grace Sparc,
Brooklyn Hights, pe.r Wall-st, Ferry, on Fiiday, the Uth inat., at
o'clock p. m., without further notice,
SCRIBNER~Suddevly, on Wednesday morning, Dee. 6. at the
bouse of br sor, Key. Win. Scribuer, PlainGeld, N. J., Mrs, B. Serib
nér, aged B84 vears, whlow of the late U. R. Seribner of this city.
The foneral will take place at 12 East Thirty-eighth-st., on Friday, Dre,
5 "3 wv eloek pv. m. The relative and friends are respectfully Lv
0 atten
STEPHENS—On Thursday morning, Dec. 7, C. William Stepheas, sos
of Cornelios and Esiher Stephens, aged 25 years.
Notice of funersl in to-worrow’s paper.
TOMLINSON—OQn Dec, 6, 1871, leary T. Tom'inson, son of Theodore
E. and Abbie E. Tomlinson, aged 22 years. 10 nonths, and 235 days.
Funeral services to be held at 11 A. m., on Satunlay, Dee. 9, at Bt. Asn'e
Protestant Episcopal Church, Lighteenth-st., ne.r Fifth-ave,
WALDO—Ou Dee. 4, at Cherry Valley, N. Y., Fruncls Waldo, in his G4ih
year,
His remains will be taken from (‘alvary Church, eor. of Pourth-ave.
avd Twenty-frat-st., on Friday, the 6th inst, at 10a. m., for intee
ment fu Greenwood Cemetery, His relatives and fricuds are invited
to attend.
WaLRER-0n Tuesday, Dec. 5, Lucy B., wife of Thomas George
alker,
The relatives and friends of the family are Risin invited to attend
the funeral from be? jate residence, No. 12 West Fiftleth-st., on Friday,
n-t.. at 12 m.
3 Fourteenth District Republiean Associa tion.—A regula
meeting of this Association will be held at Jaden nen ‘The Republi
can Bowerie,” No. 17 Aupresant st., on FRIDAY EVENING, Dec. 8,
1671, at8 o'clock. ROB'T B. BOYD, Pres't; T. W. RoBEkTioN, Rec’y.
“Fifteenth Assembly District Republican seoctation
meets AS rs Holl 240 West Thirt thirat, tits od) KVEN-.
ING, Dec. 6, at 8 o’cloek. HENRY D. LAPAUGH, Presidest.
Wu. B. Avery, Becretary.
h i SR0C ~Mesting
rhcventeenth Dlgrlct Repub on Oe ron. borvees
Broadway and Eightb-ave., st 8 o'clock. Anpual Election Tuesday oven
irg nest. JOEL W. MASON, President; Davip E. Marrisy, See'y,
Next Presidential Campaign. a
AUTHORIZED PPOGRAMME OF THE MALCONTEBNTS.”
HOW TO BEAT GRANT.
BY GEORGE WILKES.
SI'E. WILKES' SPIRIT.
OUT TO-DAY.
NEXT PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.
AUTHORIZED PROGRAMME OF THB “MALCONTENTS.”
HOW TO BEAT GRANT.

BY GRORGE WILKES,
SEE WILKES' SPIRIT.
OUT TO-DAY.
OE
Bargains in Jewelry.
WHOLESALB PRICES.
GOLD RAR-RINGS AKD PINAR,
CAMEO, ONYX, JRT, CORAL, GARNET, PEARL, ka
GOLD 'WATCH CHAINS.
AMHO, BLOOD STONE. TOPAZ METTIYST, ke.
o
GOLD NKCKLACES AND LOCKETS.
GOLD SLEEVE BUTTONS AND STUDS.
GOLD CHAIN BRACELETS.
GOLD BAND BRACELETS.
GOLD PENS AND pinche,
DIAMOND RINGS, ke.
Look at prices before huying.
GF.O. C. ALLEN,
———eerermee D1 BROADWAY. Sous Fourigenth-sl,,
Young Men’s Municipal Reform fries, Comien
The undersigned, baving bees appointed by the Presidest
on Loglatios ucder the Tesolution of November 17, 1971, arise nen
bers of the Association to commanieate in writing to James ML. Yaream,
Recretary of the Committee. 110 Broadway, such may
desire to offer in respect to Legislative action
Janne M. Vanwun Bao WILLIAM C. W
MASON YOUNG, RB ELLERY ANDERSON, P. B. CHAN,
PETER B. OLNEY, WILLIAM T. MEREDITH [3 A
CADWALADER RB. OGDEN.
The Grand Duke of Russia hes declared
taste Copa a Bua has oreell ey
less, the numerous persossl hams wil nalnse bem
eadowed them. Uren one of the leaders showing Mm the
number of PRANK LESLIE'S LADY'S AD, bo
he could easily account for their taste. A Mein
LESLIE'S 14074 JOVENAL the palm of wey
Monday, and for by all newsmen.
A [nstitute.~The Polytechaie Branch will THI
(Friday) Nie waiost, Is Room 34, A
Laer satitied The Ruplosien of Steam Bolles) 3 Drees
es eta foe KD lm
Nor onixlEs  SREWETER Tw Vocus copier baviog
ree slicing mane on bills due ne, and eppropristing tun
sume fo bis own wes. the publi ars Wainel Acalast trasticg of ranade!i og,
business with him 08 o5f JING, JALDUA Cay 60 646 Rreadenms,

th Yeas eT
METAIRIE RACES.
THE STATE OF TRADE.
RAILTIMORE LITRE BTOCKE MARKRT Dec. 1.
LATEST SHIP NEWS.
For other Ship News ses Third Page.
MARRIED.
DIED.
Guoecial Notices