V! THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1871.
SsIhm fee AIL
WEDNESDAY, DECKMUKfl SO, 1871.
II Jnnirnrili Te-de.r.
AHHfmr mi MM.1-Ttar.tnpiikl,t.
TUmia's Urctt Mut, Jte.-RUk, 94 l, sal 114
J f..LV- 1 tieelre-IUv
rwrr Tkeatr-tH t lrh.
l'fiii'nnti,i ni it ti4 lUrt.
I rillk ttrsiie I lif.lre-P
I Or.4 o,rnn.-ivrotii;,T.
1 Ins I dnln's Thcelre-Or.it raa., win A!a,
Harden-The Bii.h Crik.
t .rU firm, -tin n.,rrpM4 IkLkiiI Visit.. M.ti,
M Ctrtl)-1l Ind IM D,..4.i,
fllymrds 1 fcftfll.,ir DtHf HllUH.
rrsaelsee Mlnstrels-Ssl fMiJ.it.
telswijr llall-nngrfnp-tsCosr.tl.
Teas I's.tor'.asrre tlesse-Tti Stir Ttsiy.,
Theelret'emle.np-Or.'ia A(ar i'CriT. Uit'Aff.
false. Sowar Taeelrp 1f4 C.O. tf Annettes.
allMk't rktatre-jiha O.-ta.
j Kt(4'tllua TkIiIi'Um !Ii, M.lbi.s.
I' For tho tcrommodttlon at persons rpildlog up
If wc. adwitticnieuis (or Tub Sun Ui bo received et
j tnttrrHf rales at the uptown sdytiuscmeal office,
I 3 1 1.3 Wcit Thirty-second street, tt the Junction ot
L'retdway and Sum ;:"ue, (torn 8 A. 11. to ti P. M.
j
j AJiiOAMA HIWOtlSL TICKET,
fltfsiiitnf
LYJLAN TRUMBUKL.
or uunou,
j ,jfot Wte $tt.iW:
i SAMUEL J. TILDE N,
i op new Tor.K.
I Issue for Inn Cnnipiilgn,
I One term of office for the President, anI no
mure, tho ConMllution to bo emended Ij term
tins rttorro.
II. Holh Grnntlsm at d Twrdlsm to be abolished
I In nitloLal ifftire by tint for Ihe summiry punish
ment of prisenttaklng nil bribe-taking at well at
i f pal he tobbrr).
Ill t'n'veral anin"ty anil retoratton of polltl
r 1 rlsliti to all periom concerned In the hie rebel
jon. JV reform In tbe Civil Service, io thslarpoln.
n-ent to ffllo will no longer depend en patty
pttromcr, and cannot be used si a meant of cor
i tupttr.g the rolltlct of the country and rcrnctuitlne
I uniiorttiy men In high plicea; andso tliat the Prcil-
dent cannot apodal his own nlatlont or thou of
Lit wife to any office whatever.
V. Mefurrn ol tho revenue; rednetlon In the num.
bcr of revenue efflrere and Hie expenses of collect-
lug duties and taxes; flxed salirlei for ill revenue
I officer th abolition of Import duties on all tbe
necessaries of life, and tbe reduction of other dutlca
lo a continent, rational, and moderate yitem; the
abolition of unconilllatlonal and auperfluona Inter
nal taxta, leatnc onlr atmre, tobacco, and dletll'cd
iplrlta at tae tntjecta of incli taiatloo.
VI. Ltculallon to prerent the lerr of blackmail
upon clerks and other public oHeera for party p liti-
tl pur, ot, and for tbi aammarj puntalinieut
alike of tl die ho demand and tlioie who pi incl
tiintribulli na.
IThr N'ntlnnrtl Ild'orm .Movement.
Iin'nctiinto'v nftcr tbo recent vlectlou In
tli city Tlir Scn ilcclared tlint tho movo
mont for reform bo firanJly lDBtltnted Iicre
inmt be extendeU ntid npplled to nil depart
ment, of public fliiln, and eppoclnlly to the
National Government.
This the friemla of QitAST rcgnrdod ae a
norriblo proposition, and wo wcra roundly
i abuppil for waking It ly eomo of tho more
foolleh amonp them.
Now tho pubject has been debated In tho
Pcnate for n week with wonderful ability
I and a rntiafactory decrco of franlrnen, and
the friends of reform have every reason to bo
encouraged by tho result.
Public corruption, bribe-taking, present-
'aklne, nepotism, and every method of robbing
Iho Tr asury are bound to bo stopped. Tbe
iiniggle is like that formerly waged ngalnit
Hie lniltutlon of Blavery. The defenders of
rorruption are as infcolent and ns mallfnant
j in pw ts tho defrtiders of slavery were In 1SC0
ll.it It tvni tssi-ntiul for Iho preservation of
j Iho llepu! lie that slavery should b- over
thrown then, and It U efjtially or even more
rtsontlal that corruption should bo over
thrown now. Orantlsra and Tweodlsm must
alike be wiped out, or the American expori
ment of pelf sovemment and repabli-nn
bbrrty Is p nn end
iH- (;nuit "tV Ii itotv alniitf Cnuunlttt c.
iH' 1 he wli.teuuiOii'iu; Cui.niiittec agreed ujioii
iH' iti tie lti-piilhian eaui'uti t Washiimloa, and
Ihen foistetl upon tln iSennte, will satisfy
M. neither the country nor independent liepub-
pB licani. In ril'UHlnf; to place upon it a slnglo
M- one of tlio dozen Itepubllcan Senators wliohnd
sustained Mr, Tnustuui.is motion for r.i'.s
M- Inrj the Coinmittoe, tho OitAST Senators tet
iK at uVfj.-.neo the plainest principles of parlin-
m, nuntary law. Wo venturu to say that In tho
wholo history of Congressional proceed-
pB I' it'. iii'Vvr bofore, undtr lika cir
m-, r ui.nfinees, was n committco of in
m ijmrv so openly rnrt s ahamel-i.lr
iH pack' d u this has bien. K.tctpt in very ij.
iK. If' nic Las' h those who proKge nn Inquiry of
pK tins rort liave liecn nlluwed to have n ua.
pB jirily ol lis fiiinbers and never In nny
iBi h'i;i!utiip mi thin country was theru a csku
iB ii i .iioiral In its character that the
m, i" v :h of a incnuuro wcrn not permitt.d to
iB' Li"' a larereprin-ntatli n nn the commit tei,
V. i veil tliotili that roprescnt.it i..u might I'.il!
KV u li ;lt tl. irt of a inajority.
BK 'J'lic ei mpos tion of tho CJkant Sena 'rial
iB' 'onimilte.' of Investlaation violates th ft;
H onff'tfnd wcll establli.hu 1 ruloi. With tho
H, nc-ptioii of Mr, llAYAltti, a Democrat, the
iB' t'ommiltee, na auret'd upon in tho OltiNT
eaticuf, wa mndu up cxchiHlvely of Uiohu
M who Jiad oUJ iij'uiiii-t Mr. TllUMllULL's
B. propoflt'nn and even In selecting tho l)em-
cerntlc nii'ii.Ur, the Detnocrnts In tho Senato
Bm) were not torniltil.
W hy this violnthm ol' parliamentary law
M and roinnion luirnees? Thcro can be but
BB one niibwer to this iiuektlon. Thu friends of
B' (Iiiant Jn tho Reiiato woro afraid to coinmlt
nr. inquiry into tho alleged abuses of hU Ad
B iiiiii.Hnaioii tu m Impartial und'-fonileti
BS I'ntiuu'.ltco of Itepulilic.ii.H.
H KenatorB Cunclinu, Mi, Mohtuk, and
B i tl.rs, tivu n .ntl ir ru i.ii or the'.r strmu
B "iirie. Tlmy ti 11 tho Itepublicuu party and
I' e country tli t Tnuunui.!,, Hum n km,
Bj i-'i UL uk, I.00AN, lind their ciyht or ten lie-
B, puUiinn coadjutors, aru opposed to GlUN'l'a
B A'ltniniitrbtion, mid hoslilo to his re-
Ht 11 i niihtion. Tuko theHo chainplon.l of
H' tluA-.r t.t their word I l)u they
H. iinu;ii.i. that on tho plain Issue
B. ol an boni at, warehitig Inquiry Into the
B iibiini'Hof the AiliiiiniHtratlnn, It nnd il he.td
B. ion Hutvivo tho atlaihM of Hiim minnuiit
BJ (uptiblii'i.n K'ndurs Do tliey not rntii'iu-
B, I ir that It was pnclscly m tli: i vav th.it
B il 1 i nation 1 1 Pit. it. i' w. i i"
B y t n nlut n of H
B lh i ii.d tho I). 11IIK rat i
BJ 1 1 e j .in i Ihev li H.I il i w
KB'1
tlngnlshetl Democrats In the Sonato who lwl
the grand assault of tho people upon tho de
caying dynasties of those eras, who exposed
their frauds and corruptions, and finally
brought them to tho ground 1
Tho llepublican advocates of OitA.vr, by
this left-handed attack upon TitCMlit'U. and
hla friends, unconsciously admit away their
wholo case. Aro TitUMiiui.fj, Humnkii, Kk.n
TOM, and tho rest, really opioscd to Uiiant's
Administration, and Is this tho reason why
I hoy aro not willing to sco it whitewashed
by a committee packed hy a caucus f Then,
Uiiant's Administration Is doomed 1 And
tho sooner tho Itepubllcnn parly takes uotg
of this fact and prepares to bring out n now
candldato for tho Presidency tho bettor; for
tho bare statement of tho caso, as put by his
apologists, shows that he cannot bo reelected.
Hut tho debate proved that thoso wero not
alono tho reasous why. Ultv.NT'a backers
shrank from tho adoption of Mr. Tiium nui.L's
resolution as proposed by him, and the sub
sequent creation of a fair commlltoj tindur
tho diluted and emaiculatod roiolutlon as
fixed up in tho caucus. Senator Sritfiiz
had, dining tho discussion, specifically point
i J to ccrtuln glariug abuses existing undor
tho Administration. Ho did not deal In gen.
oral charges, but referred to such as had
been proven to exist, and tho !;sew,du vt
which had como homo to OnNT, nnd which
ho had taken no etopi toward extirpating or
reformiujr. Theso abuses, and especially
thoso in the New York Custom House, wb'.eh
wero of a moat flagrant and scasiialous na
turc, touched boiiio of tho i'rcsldont'H near
and dear friends and bcnofaUors. Messrrt.
Conkm.no, Moutok, nud th'dr allies,
very naturally supposed that a commit
tco of tho TltUMiiULt. tyjKj would
probo these rascalities still deeper, and
lay them bara to tho observation
of tho lleformers of this Staio, now Intent
upon unearthing fraud and corruption In
every branch of governmental affairs. So
these geutlemeti who wero so bravo lu load
ing tho attack on Tammany tihowed tho
whlto feather and retroated Into n caunu
room when their good frlonds In tho Custom
House and their great friend In tho Execti
tlvo Mansion wero about to b arralgnod at
tho bar of public opinion.
In fine, wo warn thoso Senators who aro
by these dlshonorablo tactics endeavoring to
shield their patron, that the popular indig
nation will strip off tho'ir flimsy covering,
nnd exposo to view tho Iniquities of Guam's
Administration with a? pitiless a hand as it
did those of Tammany lfnll.
American Consuls In Cuba.
Wo aro pleased to learn that the case of
Dr. J. Howauii, an American citlieu who
has been imprisoned in Clonfucgos, Cuba,
for over eighteen months, has at last bcon
officially brought to tho attention of Don
Hamilton Fish by Jtho Hon. Leonaud
Myehs, Member of Congress from Pennsyl
vania. The crime said to be tho cause of this
lengthened Imprisonment for, as wo under
stand, no chargo has been brought against
tho prisoner U that ho Is tho uncle of two
Cubnn Generals named Cavaha. Both of
tin in have becu in tbo Liberating Army of
Cnba, and ono of them, Gen, Fedeiuco Ca
VADA, was executed In Clenfuegos last July,
Through the friendly and patriotic Inter
vention of Mr. Mvehs, Gen. ToniiuuT, our
new Consul Oencral In Havana, is directed
by tho State Department to Investigate tho
circumstances of Dr. Howaiid's ImprUon
ment. This is well, but not enough to satisfy
the American people, who pay tho salaries
of Consular officers In the various ports of
Cuba for no other purpose than tho protec
tion of Amer'can interests.
If Mr. Moitms, our Consul at Cicnfu'xos.
who Is clerk in a Spanish house, Is found on
Investigation to havo failed In his duty,
either through pecuniary interest or through
fear, let all publicity be given to tho facts,
nd lu Mr. Mounts be at otico removed.
15u if it should further transplro that tho
1 rotcction of tho interests of American citi
zens In Cuba by our Consuls Is impossible
under tho lawlessness of tho volunteers and
tho criminal apathy with which our Stato
Department has Ignored Insults and outrages
in Cuba to our citizens and our Consuls, let
Congress at once demand tho withdrawal of
a set of representatives who are Impotent for
protfction, and simply fc.ar.ri there s wit.
iiesnes of our disgrace.
It oiuc the Ciipitnl of Ilnly.
Iti cent deiatch-s from Hume briug tho
i .telligi-nce that tbe Italian IVrliumont w.Il
It op'-ue.l there today with the usual
k j H i eh Iri.m the thrrue. The Dipiitles will
m-.i-t in a wotidi ii builuing. erected for the
pirpos at a diet of ifcJOOOGO. Tho cele
bration attmding tho event will bo partlel.
pated In i'y King, nobles, and people. Pur
the tiist t me si.ice the dnyH of TiiLODOUir
a King of luly will resiJo in Home. Ages
hnvi- pnsswl slneo the peninsula was uulti-d
i: ider a single ruler agis of Urift betwion
t iv.de.l Mates and nmbltioru invaders, be
tween feudal princes and aristocratic lepuh
Powerful governments h.ivo arisen
Irom tho ruins of thu Homan Umpire, while
the Eternal City, thu caplinl of a few small
a ad effete principalities, lost all political im
pnrtanco. Whilo Spain, Austria, Franc
and England havo successively become
mighty among Ihc nations, Italy has main
tained a Becondary position. Hor potty
princes never dred to llguro on tho stago of
tho world, and wero only too happy to b left
in quiet possession o their domains. Tho
dukes of Ps'tua, Lucca, and Modena crushed
th.ilr unfortunato fcul.jecta with a heavy
wolght of taxation, and looked to dcHpntlc
Austria lor asilsianco to subdue any Indig
nant outburst of tho oppressed. The con
qucBt of I.rmbardy In 1S19 by tho allied
Pre eh and Hardi'.iar.ii wan tho first iod
streak in tho dawn of Italian lmlopen Jenee
Thu barriers of despotism weru rapidly
broken down by tho linwtiiou onset ol
(Jaiiuim.iii and tlm Sardiniaiit, nnd lu an
incredibly tdiort sjieco of time nil the penin
sula, with the exception of Homo nud tho
provinca ot Venice, was united under tho
tule of Vinon Kmanuki.. Venice was
afterward annexed, but tho French Hag
tloatid over Homo and warned tho Italians
mvay Hut thu Franco Prussian wur, which
i ii'led in the overthrow of Vl liltff.i, NaVO-
I .id i i.i.o of iU i s Hi tho with
1 I i -n Ur from Hal
I i ee in ri n rt of Italy
u iiiullni i in lit u evNtodny
within her walls. It la a groat event, and
lot tu hone that Julians will make a good
use of It.
Another Abuse to lie Corrected,
The office of Collector of Assessments Is
ono which, llko Hint of Sheriff, Hegistcr, and
County Clerk, ought to bo occupied by a
man compensated by a lixed salary, and not,
as at present, by fees. The records of tho
office show that for tho past four years tho
present Incumbent, Mr. H. 11. Sr.UiK
WCATHUit, who happens to bo Iho father In
low of Gov Hoitma.v, Inn received In per
centages, for simply taking In tho money of
real estate owners across hla counter, thu
enormous sum of $011,237. Allowing $10,
000 poryaar as his expenses for clerical as
sistance, It npprirsthat ho ha been paid for
performing a duty not ono whit moro oner
ous and responsible than that of tho cashier
of any largo moneyed institution, tho sum of
$rCO,000 for tho four years, or at the rnto of
$1:0,000 pir year.
Thero Is no ground, thut wo can discover,
fir Imputing to Mr, Staiikvi:a 1111:11 iraud
or dishonesty lit connection with this matter.
A big plum was offered to him by his bou-In-law
and bo took it. Hut it Is time that his
extravagant emoluments woro cut down to a
"ociwnaoio flguro.
Tho steamsulp Merrimac arrived ycBter
ly fidn SI. Tlionus, which purt alio left on tho
l?in inst. Hy her e Irani that Ihc atcamcf
l'loridn wni to i&il at daybreak 011 the Htli, con
toyed by the United Stales cnnlioat Sliawmul,
dpt. l'orren. At the date of tho departure of
the Merrimac, it nut not known potitircly in St.
Thotiia, what action tho oom.nandcr uf the
Spciiiah war ttcimer N'ufu-i do ll ilbo 1, who liud
been ao lorn; bloekadinc Iho l'lunda, v. ould take.
It would aecm that a largo proportion of
the people of Connecticut seek to earn an honcit
liTcHheod by devoting tliclr energies to the wotk
of inrliicncinc the ai-tnia n the I.cgialaturo. The
importance of the lobby in Hint Sloto has been
pruning moro 1.11J mere manlfcat for scleral
ycai a past, until it has bccotuc rccoguizcJ as u
lrptimuto uid to legislation. The municipal au
thentic of llattferd and New llau-n bate ap
propriated large aiitua for tho purpose of pnyiui;
mimben of tlio lobby for their services in in
stiuctiii) the people's ieprecntjtirra bow to
vote. Willi tie Increase uf rpecial legitlatlon,
the granting ol' charters fur banking, railroad
ami ether corp rations, and especially the intro
duction of bills confernng additional prit Urges
011 railroads, or rcl-iilti? to tho claim, uf riral
companies for special favors, tlio growth of the
lobby business has becu slenly, and doubtless
profitable to those cngtigrd in it. How much
money has been spent by tlio railroad nnd other
moneyed corporations for lobby rcrrlccs will
probably ncicr be acertined but that tho
amount haa been vt r.r largo eanuot be doubted
when it is knunu tb..t tlio two cities of llailferil
and New Haven Lave paid the sum of (Jj.t'TO.-IU
for lobby cxpcuics vu tlio capital question uUmr.
Ibc details of there expenditures hare been pub
lltbed, and procnt some curious facts.
Tbe eums paid to indlvidnal members of the
third boue range all the way from (10 to (1.700
each, whilo Inclficntala" havo absorbed more
greenback, than the must rapacious of tbe lobby
Uts. Some of the lobby members who were the
least known received the highest fees and sev
eral of these gentry who wero working for Hart
ford or New Haven in 1870 were in tha receipt of
fees from Hit oppoitc side in 171. Ono man
who waa a member of llie Legislature in 1670
and voted against the capital amendment, ap
pcarad in tho lobby In 1&71 as an active support
er of tho measure, oud received (500 for bis
chango cf opinion. It is pos.iblo that New
listen attempted the traditional exploit of driving
a coach and horses through tho bill, aa sh has
ti!60 charged a, carnage hire. Several State
anil Federal ollleeholderi appear among the paid
lobbyi.ts, and a member of the State Hoard of
lMncatinn received 1S0 for teaching members
of the Legislature their dutr It can hardly be
d-ubted that the effects of tie e disclosures will
be 1 xtrcinely damaging to the future lutcresta of
II c luiiucclicut lubby.
In th" suitsol'tlieStati'of Indiana broiigot
by the Alt. rney-Cencral ara'nst John I. L k
and Tnoiui II MiCariv, furmer State Auditors,
and Natmo Kiwiuu. and Jons J. Monstaov,
former State Treasurers, to recover '100,000
which it Is alleged they abstracted or ptrmittcd
to be abstracted Irom tho Treasury, the prosecu
tion has gained the fust Impoitaut step, as the
Court lias overruled motions to strike the cases
Irom tin docket on the gr. unds that the Attorney
Uenrral, and not the Auditor, was mailo relator
and that the Attorney. General brought the suits
without the advice and consent of th9 flivernor.
A ipiey incident occurred in tlm course of the
trtal of cne of these cas s last we-k. Among
the charge, brought ajjaiuid Ueu. KiumtL, one
ef the ex TidMirer. was i,ne tl.nt he had p-id
llo.OOO lor tno years' rent of the Governor's
le-tidenco for i Jo7 and 1808, Lnowin: the ient to
Li) only 13, -to". Thu kuowledgo of this soeuaa
t. 'ii gieally excited tlor. Hakeh, win m i lc his
a; I'cnrasice in f'i irt on W'edn ad.iy Willi an In
din ilit pi- tiat to the effect that he vt.is Acting
Cuicnmr during both uf tl.es vears; th.i'. a.i
ii-ak.rcr, Kihuali. irv r r-'ited u leoi o f, 1
him, ami never paid a ilj'lar lor tlio rent of n
house oecupiul by Inn; bui tli.it llie lioiein n
liiuieelfliad reeeivc.l annuilly fr im Iho Treujuiv
at tho rate uf (5,000 fur each of thoie two yer
in lieu uf a bousr, and magii.tiii'iioutly insisted
that If anybody was to bo prosecuted fur this lie
should be the man. Tho Court ordered the Oov.
eriiiu's protcit to Le laced on ftl', nnd one ot
Ihc counsel liifnrmnl the indignant Hioeulive
that ho would probably encounter all the suit..e
desired.
'1 he community is occanioually rtti-i int-1
by tho announcement that a 1 irge fortuna ha
been discolored in Kngland, awaiting Ainuriuan
heirs, who havo only to prove their rights tu be
come millionaires, Strangely enough, the for
tunate fjmily is generally one with members ol
lemly well enough oil in IhiMvoild's goods to pay
lurgo fees fur the prosecution of their claims,
'lhe latest fortune tetealed it that of. thu great
buccsncrr, Sir 1'ii.incis IIiiakk, and amounts to
no less a sum than one hundred millions ol ilol
liu. Of course tho Djiakks, who are very 1111
nil reus In Now Jersey, lire agog with the expec
tation uf coming Into possession of Ibis Im-neim
tiessuie, and have already subscriheil hbi'ially
toprnseinte their claims in the courts of Ln-1,hi.I.
The r. portsof gold diecovorie!on tlio noitu
rheieor I. nkc Supuiiur arc coulii'med hum wii
oin biuiicrt, though it appeals probablo that
me 1 ibe stones in iclailou to the richness of
tle deposits have been cxaggeratoil that, for In
stance, of gold-be iriug quartz worth $0,000 a tun.
On the wctleru end und iiorlh shore ol Luke She
liuniluncn, which In leaeheil by about fnity-etght
miles of teat 1 1 01 cf 11 hp'eudld liutei-iimeut toad
Imiii lint shiuei uf I. like t-'np 'liur, well iloUneil
veins ofiiiild'beaiiiigqnartl, inueti ef which is de.
i-on.io.eil, liiiveheen found ami ti uced lor several
l'lllr 'He .C ViilH COIIt nil, 111 Ult.lllllll o
f n Iold, g. h 1. v-iv pn.e in. i g1 me, Hi 1
1 1 11 1 1, 1 r n,i
I I 1 '1 Il
li im 1 cl becu a-
eertained. The ailter mlang In the region, of
Thunder Hay cojitlnnos immensely productive
At Silver Islet the quantity of tbe silver daily
dug out is only limited by tbe forco tho operators
are able to employ, and tho supply appears to be
inexhaustible. Other mlnea in that region sro
yielding finely. The lauds lu which silver or
gold hate been found extend bock from tbo
l&ko from fifty to one huudrcd mllos. One man
has purchased 10,000 acres from the Canadian
Government at ont dollar an aero. The total
population In tho neighborhood of the mines Is
about 800 but in the spring thcro will doubtless
be an immense tush of fortune seekers to these
toinnrkublc gold and silver fields. Tho country
is wild nud broken, with but little timber, or soil
capablo of cultivation,
Tho country has been flooded with telo
grams announcing the serious Illness of the Hon.
Willi vu II, Sswaxd. The Sex is authoriied to
print the following 1
A menu, .Y Y., Dec. 13-4 r. M.-Wit-ttm IL
StwAnn Is per'cctlf well, end l.as not been other-wl-c.
At present tie It drtvinj ont to Owaico Lake
In s Iflc'i. Thtrs Is no train In the report ot his
Illness. v. v. bswAnu.
The work of construction on tho Northern
Pacific Iiailroad is making rapid progress, and
triiliis will soon bo running regularly across tlio
State of Minnesota, miles, lly the 1st of
July tho Dakota Division, extending 200 miles
westward, from the crossing ef the Ilcd river to
the crossing of tho Missouri in central Dakota,
will be finished, and the Irack is now being laid
on a section of sixty -five miles bettvecTl ths Co.
lumbia riter and P-,(get ?mlmi i v,hngton
territory. Thi main line of tho St. i'aul and
Pacific ltoad, which w.ia purchased last year by
Ihc Northern Pacific Company, hu becu com
pleted to the licit nver at llrecklnridge. Con
tracts havo becu let for a branch of this road
from St. Cloiul on the Mississippi to llreinnrd on
the trunk lino of the Northern Pacific, and also
for another branch roid from St. Cloud to Pem
bina on the Ilritiih border, and under these can
tracts work is being actively pushed, it Is ex
peeled that at the end of 1872 the company will
liste 900 miles of road in operation in the fertile
mid urnsperous State of Minnesota, and that tho
trunk line of tho great thoroughfare will havo
been complete,! for nearly one-third of its dis
tsnco r cross the continent.
Poliee Surgeon J Utvis M. ANimuws has
been placed on tho retired list, with a pension of
(1,125 per annul). His duties will bt peiformed
by Dr. Patrick V. MiDcxxxll, who takes
charge of the crew uf the police boat and tbo in
mates of the House uf Detention. Dr. McDoxxll
resides at Hi Kast 1 orty-fuurth sttcet. As the
pulice boat generally lies at the Battery, and the
llouso of Detention is 111 Leonard street, he could
probaby answer an urgent call two hours after
being summoned.
Dr. C. (Iniiux Svanlkt hit been appointed to
fill the vacancy cauml by Dr. AxDntwa's retire
ment. If ho attends to his duty it may possibly
interfile wtth Dr. KsAisa's propects, ns he has
been paid bv l)i. M.uv, White, and McDovnvil
1 1 attend to their dui c for a moderate compen
sation. Dr. Samml H. Ono, who resides at IJ8
I'oiirth avenue, is uppu.eit to attend tu all calls
from the Chambers street and Leonard street
police stitio-. He li enabled to answer a per
emptory call within two hours.
Dr. Petir Vax Ilcnstr, who Is supposed to at
tend to tho Greenwich street and Charles street
police stations, resides at 213 West Twenty
second street, nearly two miles from the sreno of
bis duties, lly the time ho sees a patient it is
generally too late to administer medical a d.
All tins iu illiect TioUliuu of tlio positive or
ilers of the l'olico Commissioners.
The experiment of treating tho Insane lu
detsched families lias proved so successful in
Massachusetts ll7t it has been determined to
carry It out on a Urge scale when the new build
ings that arclo take the place of tho present
Worcester Hospital are erected. A central hos
pital etifiicieiil far thu teceptioti of ISO or 200 of
the more violent lunatics will be built, and the
remaining 800 patients will be placed in smaller
fiuilly bouses scattered over the cstato which has
been purchaial for the nftff.oipltst site. There
nrefivonr six such houses already there farm
li uses pnrchiied with the land and In these 62
p Hunts have been treated during the past sum
1..1 r. ex nipt from the restraints of a close I101
pi'al, with the happiest results. It will be sev
eral years, however, before the whole establish
meat is rebuilt eccorJina; to Ibis plan. For
tunately, abucdint meant for carrying out this
design uro in ban I, as it is estimated that the
real estate belonging to the hopltal in the city
of Worcester will sell for enough to pay all debts
and learc ("40,000 or more to expend on tbe
new building'.
Tho iY if York Timtt fays thnt President
(1 1. vsr is dcaiiousof getting rid of his atuck in
the Senees Samlatono Company. In that Com
pany he holds (25,000, (10,000 of which ho paid
for at par, while (lfl.onowat given him as a pres
ent. A capitalist In Utica proposes to take it oft'
Ins hands, paying for it the whole prteo which the
President palJ, together uith interest at seven
percent, on Ike Prcsidsm's money sinou the in
vestment was made, the purchaser ta hate nny
dmileud which the President may hart received.
Here is 11 chance if Guant teally wants to sell.
I. t him "p. ak quvkly, or 1'ie general belief Hint
1 1 tint en-.e .is in others the Ti-ii;t does not tell
1 tin'li will bo conhrmul.
W bat .s the matter with that a -If -sit rein ',i
and consi i vative journal, llie Cincinnati Vim.n"
e'.alt It speaks of llie illustrious (jkoboh Pikm-is
I'liAiN as "a howling, blasphemous idiot," uud
uf Deacon Uichakd Smith, that duly good nun,
as nn 1 econiplishid intelh ctuul asu." How ?ml
I i- thut such persons should be thus decried
I!u Irond compnnieg .w likely to leni n
utiei a while that the travelling public have sunn
lights that tliov aro bound to le.poct, and that
they mil not be permitted lu couliuute tbo
tickvls of passengers who negloet to obey nil tho
restrictions they limy uirlerlake tn impose upon
travel. A woman travelling on tho Grand Tiunk
Iiailroad had a ticket on which was print' d,
good only for this train and tlio doy icceltcd.
Not good to stop over." Hut she did slop over,
and when 1I10 attempted to resume her journev
she was put oil' tho oars. 1'ur this the railroad
company lm paid (600 ami costs.
Tlio worn of (I iiant'h worliili-ki ivluii"iis
Hit relations with the swindling Seuec 1 S mil
stone Iimg.
The action ot the Kugl'mli aitthurllles In
Kiiudiiig threi! ux-couticts tu America deserves a
prompt and soTcie lebuke. If tickct.of.leuto
men aro not desirable colonists for Australia or
Canada thoy are vertiiiily not desirablo for
iialuiulUed c.iitous uf tho United Status. Siu-h
iietiuns as these show ilia', lulivlthitun lin the
protestations uf CtuNr's reii.uiilnitor, ilu
London Tlhiu, the K iglinh entertain fnalioi if
uuutempt fur our people, on whom iliey would
impose tho task of maintaining and reforming
English eriiuinala. It is nit likely, however,
thut tbe In-, iU will uffeet such a Pieaidmt aa
liUAST.
'I im Ixi 1 1 o' 11 niy ilint will u iiti' p .ti 11 i
1 1 I 1 1 it t'i eitilni e'n d 1
'I' ii' 01 iir t lc beat Quaxi ami
Oown eormi' loa.
LEGISLATION FOR LAB0B.
HUAhL Tllr.HIC Hit A COMMISSION OX
HOVltS ASlt n.UIEH?
Ttro Thousand Millions Kxempt from Taxa.
ti.imnml the W'orUlnaman Tnxed lo Pay
lh Drflrlt-C'npltal I'rolerlerit and I.mber
I. en to Tnke Care or Itself.
WAsntNQtoM, Deo. 19. Adcr the expiration
of llie morning Lonr to day tbe House toos np Mr.
Hoar's bill for the appointment of a commlrilon on
tlio subject of the wages and hours of labor, aad of
the d. vision of prods bttweea labor and capital lo
the United States.
Mr. Peres (Utp., Miss.,) Chairman of the Com.
tnlttee oo Education and Labor, Irom which the bill
as reported, cave notice that ho woold mote the
prosloua question at 1 o'clock to-morrow, lis was
not prepared to ray that any legislation was necea
ssry on the labor question t neither was he prepared
to deer that grcst snd general leclslation was re
quired on ll,e subject. He was convinced, however,
tint the Investigation as proposed would do good,
He dauled that Iheia was any partisanship tn tho
question. He should have thonjthl that the Demo
crals In tht llouso would be the last to object to tbe
tropoml Invertltatlon. Homo gcnllemen seemed
to tnlna that the bill was Intended for the purpose
of supporting socialistic movements, and In the In
terest of tbe International Society, labor societies,
tntdts unions, sod strikes. There wss no evidence
In tho bill that such n dceiro existed, and ho donlvd
tint there was inch an Intention on tho part of tho
author. He represented a laboring constituency,
agricultural laborers, and It waa in their Interest
that he advocated the passage of the bill. He advo
cated Ills INTEREST or TITB LABOHtXO CLAS'tS
of the South. The war had created (leat gaps In
Sonthetn Industry, and millions of acres ot lsnd
were Ijlnir Idlo for the want of labor. Down the
Mississippi river thero were neirly one hundred
acrea of virgin forest land for every acre of culti
vated land. Ho wanted to attract etclgrants to that
re:lon.
Mr. (Campbell (Petri., Ohio) luzgested a lubstl
tut for the bill, provldlug for the appointment of a
Joint committee to Investigate the subject of the
wojss and hours of labor, Jtc, snd at to ti cfTeet
of the exlstlcg laws regulating commerce, finance,
and curr-nry.
Hie Sieakrr ru'ed that the proposition was not
In order.
Mr. btcrm (Oem., Pa.), a member of the Commit
tee on Education aud Labor, adtocatod the psssage
of the bill. He admitted that It was Ireposslbla for
Congress to mago laws Interfering In Its contracts
between labor nnd capital but the Investigation of
tbe subject wontd probably disclose a etate of tacts
which wonld create a public eenliinent that would
be corrective of many of the abuses of which the
laboring cla.se now complained, On that score he
was In favor of toe Intesllcstion. l'or himself he
nreue d no Information on the subject.
TTIE EVILS COUrLAIXtD Of
versp-tent to everyone. They were ascl-ar as
the nooniinr sun. An Invoslliatlon would s.iow
thut 2,U53,liu0.U0i) of properly belonging to cap ul
tats a tx-nipt from tuition, and other !atcirt
were tax. t to make up th deficit. It was shown
ti at !l,iv0.i0 was paid annually out of no Treat.
cry to banking atoeiitions as a mere bounty and
gratuuy. It was tnuwn that th poor man to-paid
neon his salt a tax ot 113 percent; on his cutlery
ever W Icr cent.; 00 Ms clothing ever C5 per cent.:
and on nls rp.ide and snovpl over 43 prr cent., while
tl erich man ptld upon his Jesclrj. diamonds, laces,
gold 1 Hit", naiiiti us, snd svatuary a tax not t-xc -ej-idk
loner cnt. 'to sdjnt the wr jugs of the labor
ing u en Congress would hive to repeal every pel
fiiitncial sritnuie of tin psrty In power. Wss uot
the national bvnk schema n.rirnf Wss not the ex
emption o' the bo, ide.1 debt Irom fixation theirs f
Was not the present tyst m of tartfT theirs When
tl eso were repealed the lfepubllctn partv would lie
repeated and dissolve! lue oatyobs'aile in tins
c nntrytn the in'en tts of tre misses w.t the rx
l.tfiire of the Itepublicin jartr, and when it was tt
muted a better urder of iMn;s would reign.
Tllg SLtCOf-IHl'WSI rALLIMd.
M. Cox. (f)em.. N. Y.) This bill hat had Its most
nrgent advocacy from l'ennsylrsata anl Massachn
setts. It is elc.gnl.ir thst these States have had more
of the htryrss and bounties of the protective aysteni
than anv ot'ier. I will process an amendment In
the Interest of ths dvll service that no parly or po
litical Intlaence should coutrol tie appointment ot
cotnmitsiouera. I am at anxious at anyone that
there ttiould be a tett.r understanding of labor
que-ti, ins 1' is a sineu.ar commentary that before
these monstrous ttatntory protective frauds theie
sii Ittllw ur no acttalton sinotnc ti,a woramifinen. 1
see b the letter of Mr. Hanks, an organ of tho Inter
national, that that bodr, so praised oy the gentle
man Irom l'ecnsytvanta, stlgmatlxes as I do these
ttrtS wrongs ao often eologlxcd here, air. Banka
contends tut leclslatloa here has been for th rick;
that there t no wsy of delending his class azainst
tyrannies and extortions, robberies by the bank
lng system and railrotd monopolies, ao often u; held
br tne gentleman froii l'enuv Ivanla Otr. Kello
and that the atstrm of t.iv. loi, as tn this city, hy
Itilng out slrcttt, Ac. It mi uuraingattd
rrifD ov vnr roin
and the l-Uorlng man lue ipri llatlon ai tn
hi.m ant I ourt ol l'ioi it peitiiiLtit to P. era
lvi-ia i n. We tiava a realy pa'.e) -vr us tu
il.r-i tu j'-'-u. There is no ini)ui-y so pertrienl to
tno tin dins on of the Joint profits of labor anl
cnpttal s the Inquiry Imo the commodities which
pas through the I ustoai House, and the consequent
efr.ct of exactions uron the miterlalt ol labor, l'he
lomratttee of this House have reported on the re
vival of uur ebipolng-, ao disastrously scuttled by
our bad legislation. This, too, shonM be In
ves'leated by others t'isn partisans. Would that
tuen a mm :e Dvvld A. Wells could he tppolntod
on such a cnumtision, thero would be little ueed f
any colleague to present such economic questions
hetore tl.e countiv. I'bero It not to much necessity
(or this Hurt su u Hu re Is of some sction rereabng
the dntiet whicu so uniqnslly illstrltiule the benedts
and burtent uf the llovernmrnt. Hut anytntnc that
flies light on any topic ol this kind 1 will welcome.
1 am not afraid that this will be an rurroichment
on our dull' t at l-'oderal legislators. 1 will take the
bill at an earnest of a better pulley on our Urllt", to
ward which evn Now England Is progressing. We
have alre-idr leil.laied ahuut strikes lu a very ques
tionable wav uud if Hits Ailmiulstratiou can bring
i le powers a! the Federal Government, Including
toe ILilttjn, to
rcT now STRIKES,
sorely we etn Ii quire Into the relations cf Ishor
snd etpl'sl r.nt of t ineh tnee strikes grow, V hue
I au Jeilout ol' an) .i 1'iHjln I me i is msdo by tint Ai.
ininl-traiion, I will or ;lot to see ii.tilligrutliiwiu
satlun fio-n inv qu irter, or t .loint co'iiui.tlet! ivitl
I'ulll liailles lepi. seined Will h.-.t sciompllsh tile
obi't
.Mr. ICsrriD-n I-"' I ilmt H ws bis eon
stnnt Im'Mi e ii in proi.o- iIum i ns ur 'sealed for
his eunM It union a- nn .u i r .,f i on;ri st, loin
qnlr, Sis', vhetner .1 m irnM.! ny tno Ton-
1 1 1 'ti n ii sec mil. wheiuer it wss right snd U.tlr
wiietner it whs expedient H It failed lu the erm-ial
lest of tne jiunoiitv or its ei. ictment, his mind in
i-lauily utnini"! in altitude oi hostility, li It was
ItoM'U to t e i ei' her 1 1;. it r'T exiic ten', hit dnt to
i i"'.i it bee imo umro iiiipna'lve V in n tliti bill
wan hrning uoou tlie ilou-e ihcutlie.r day, the prompt
L" oi of i.i l ,ind tn those que-tioet was fe'ttv -e
10 ttie ropi my ot iih i n.ic ii'ei I. It hi d iiiiiues-e 1
r.i v i.. I. i .ivni o i liitit li inv lved
A I I' '-t I.XSESt Of AI TIIOSITT,
I e I II' W ofHei it .it m i ost Of IS OKI
1 'i 'i a iiam of suhoidiii.it ufhVi r-i und oi ai
.t i v ul 1 provi le m re 1 1 ic on ior srti-an
...ut .hi ''ii,'. ii i uo kuuJ lor tli'i t .il'', an 1 f at u
v in ii-e.f insiurere and ti ol iw, nn 1 cl.iell in
leiidod u a laise pretensu to brulo uvi r Hie next
Tresi lenttai i leji.un una ini.iu.id the disconu-nii d
soit of I II In-ii vo'.itiT the Hull oi tlcrctln 1-T1
In ine-e mil ie-t,on Im n.i I heen sue. II.) continued
j-1 .ii- ,-onuui 1 1 fits mover (.Sir lloir) and ot his i o,
le. .im i Mr. Usui liotli ul Wiiom h.ul liasirneU ml,,
nuier .uilng zeal tu line a mere partisan temper tu
us disi ussfun, und tu atlempl to matiufaeture verv
chc.p nartv ctvit.il out uf us reception by tunnel'
011 Keirl und tee gentleman Irom New Vol k (Mr
Wood) I hee attempts he characterized as at uu-e
unwoilhy of thoso who mule them and unjust
tu uud lilmseli. inci wuult tail to attain tliclr oh
Joct. 'lie labeling men uf the routiiry weio not
Kudgrtms; Iheir Instincts nere manly and lawiul
luev nrie atgarious and lutelliji tit. and they would
kreul) enninieheud the different., o.ntee.i au m.pli
IHoum-e .Mid itlii-tive relM.
1 II R l.ll.L t NCilXtiiTl'lluXtl.
Alter eaieti I eoiisidcrauoii hi le i i".,ipr:,-1 -i a
sense of i' it. tu oijpo.c the lull. vias simply in
ii4isitile for the w it uf le in lu po.nt iv any jut ,i,ir
lly lu l uBfie-s tu leais.ate on the suijiet.
embraced in the Mil, exrept on l!iom three -.oumerco,
llnanre, and nirruiey. It mucked the
ianguago und pirll of tno t unttltuiiuii and o'
its iriinien and riioundcis. Il os.mued thai
I'tuigrett mislil letuUle ll,e hour, of lubor. or Lie
IHsilurd rates of snges anl Hie .lit noon uf Iho join.
PHill.s ul labor and cap ut, oi ll e sooi il coiiuiliuiis
or I no eJueutninal irsiituttom, or the sanitary inter
et of tho pe ple Ihro.ir inut the cuniitry. or be
tviri n m.iu und mun, aeeoulnig tu its own pleiiuru.
ruch a sween ot Jiirlsdiell in m tho I'ederil Uon'in
ment would loavo absolutely nothing lot tlie Male
tr Hit peuplo All loetl tloveruors would speei.li
bei'onie iner ripensire sliieettios, '1'i.v potv.'i
lougress would leenuie us tr.in--. ii.lrnl, alit.ii unn',
and evcliMu' at lliqt of the lltnmi I'arliuineut, I,
could enact rmupliury laws, diet Ho the in n
privute ci'iitnie's eoutrul ttie pu suits of the peup e
rotiilule Hie relnllons uf ilu'ii"tu lile, of runn.n
nun ward, ol iiia-tir it -1 i ol mm r m
I'lvoue, in uirenl hi i c.n 'I. m.'l a. k.,.., i...' m;
t,.e ou- lit' u
a .v vtiosi or ai Tnuirnxs.
'11. s I edit r d no I -ii in po'i -i'.iftii.. n, i
le'rn'i'd t,i Ir -lneerlf 'I -tv I. i eovv ai i i
v,iie to Ucuiuo mere nisi u i en' uf pui t o in
u. pit ii!..'.t I IT .clflih .d, t i 'io con i rul li- m
.-..1 ii i I f .vn'.aiil bicoui" in re ahJe-1 ap do
ins for tne li s und .ehe'n.t b.' v.lileli tlm f U
.i-oi,,- I. in to i u I I .i.i) ne .in,
i ir t' I n. ri i i ,1, r v., i. ii
.1, U! il'' ll tt .io-I I i t voe i'r. o t
M ei it ji I ii i i ired tin
l I I i i it HOI i I
i
i iv c p- i ai a
Ttiy.gnerllr had their orUIn In a rttUess enold
,J "yee'Mi snd power. Tney nsturellr ted to. If
uey did not directly foster, abuse and corruption.
Capital needed no commission lo investigate Its In
"rfsUI 10 protect It sialnst labor. The great
'V 'k iajoeuce, Irregnlsrtlles, and burdens under
which labor tolled and luflered wer notorious and
conttsstd. They wer sppsrent to sll Intelligent,
impartial, and unselfish men. No commission coold
make them more to.
what Lison irggpgp
wn actlon-lmmdlte,en"ectle,practltal sction on
Hie part of Ibe Government for their relief, so far sa
Concrete had power to grant th needful relief by
lecsl enactments. There need be no delay. The
Hemoerallo minority in th House had st all timet
been reodv and sincerely solicitous to meet snd
fuliy dtseharg their great dullos. Tbsy had el
waya straggled to secure th ensctraeni of suoa
Isws as would effectually re'orm In the Interests of
latoracruel and opnrestlt tariff and reduce the
grinding burdens of taxation; but In all aueh efforts
they ban been met and delcated by Hi ItepuMlcaa
mslorltv,
lr. Wood (I)em.,M. Y.) ssld llie present agitation
or lbs labor question In the country may be traced
to a belief ot th working elaaea thst they tre op
pressed by tinloit snd nnequal dttcrlmlnellon In
favor of capital, by which ilielr Interests, rights,
and privileges hats been subordinated to tbe non
producing classes. The cnuss of this belief arises
Irom ibe recout segregation of enormous wealth In
the hands of the few, while th groat body or the
people are either Indigent or Impoverished; and
this disparity of condition Is dally becoming greater.
1 bus, while they who pro.luc nothing are getting
everything, those who produce veryihlng aro get
ting nothing, 'Ibis condition of th aoclal organi
zations hat virtually created a wider discontent up.
on llie pari ot those whi naturally teel themselves
agifriet il Now, where It th remedy f la order
to pict.um .hit, it It well to leek out
Tin cacsei or TD.C EVIL.
In mr Judgment they mty b thus stated) First,
to class legislation br which ti e moneyed power has
been enabled tu ubtaln an undue and overthadowlnz
weight In the regulation ol' values; second, to an
unlairdlttribniion of the bnrdent of the Govern
mint, by which labor It made to bear an nnequal
proportion of the taxes imposed for Us support;
third, an enormous increase In the expenses of tbe
Uovernment arising Irom lax administration, protll
gttr, corruption, the Government's Increase of official
patronage, and the crcutlon of the Internal revenue
system: fourth, the paper money lasned and circulated
by the Oovernment,whlcn being depreciated In value,
enhances tbe price of the necessaries of life with
out croatlng a corrcspondlnz lucrease In the wagea
ol labor) nflh, tbn lavish donation of the public
lsnd, tlm craming of subsidies in money and bonds,
and the general lavorltlsm by pirtlsl legislation to
those who hate access to and hold tbe laror of th
Government.
WHO ARB RtSrOMttBlE.
To theie causie may be traced most of th svlls
rotnplslned or. They are of recent origin, list'ng
had no existence ton tears sto. They are the re
sults of our preent public policy. The legislation
of Congress and the administration of tbe liiscn
uvo Department are rosnoiislble. The party In
oowcr hsve held entire offlelal control. lrovlout
to the advent of tlio Hepnbllcan piny the working
men were happy and proiperont. labor received its
Just roward, and held nn equal position with all
others la tho favor of the (lovernment. Oold smt
stiver wero tie only nstlinal currency; duties levied
on foreign goods lurnltaed fie only source of
revenue; there was no public debt, uo data legiala
Hon, nu dtscrltulnvtton In lavor of capital against
labor, no land bouoth s, nor railroad subsidies, snd
no niaraoioin corporation upheld by oSl Ul favor.
And It Is only la the restoration of tho parly to
oowcr which then governed that the worklngmen
of tho country can And relief. Certainly these men
and the party whoee policy haa caused the evil
complained ot cannot be relied on to afford a remedy,
wnirts i.svtsriaATio.f ii nixdip.
Mr. Duke Jleiu., Vs.) snggei'.ed an amendment
lo tne hill directing Investigation especially Into
v hat taxes, assessments, duetts or Imposts aro Im
posed directly or Indirectly hy the law sol the UUled
-tales on any article n.ed by the working classes
snd upon sny rsw materials which enter tnto th
manntactm uf any sucn articles. Also, what quan
tity of tbe public lands, widen should have oeen
rrescived tu Inruian homes far tbe people and to
anpply a fund lor the education of the masses, hat
been granted to corporations oro-aulxed and con
trolled by and exclusively lol ll, benefit of a tew
weslthv Individuals.
.Mr. Slocum (Hem.. N Y snrtested an amend
ment naming at the lomtms-ioiicr lliuaee t Uay
ol New York, lie ..nrd i iiuit. .ck ul Me .naju,
and Alexander Tioup ol lonneiihitt Hv so.,s.e in
Ittor of the proposed lutettiautlon lv p. taunt not
se.ected on account of pans or en .cvouui ul iieso
tollon to hlj n-tariff principles.
Mr. Towiiseod (Ucp., l'a .IsalJ he wit turpi l ed
thst the peualnx bill should lute created such sl.i in
lu th rauxa uf th Democratic party, mo ni.l was
IX THE 1MTIBIST Or AU,
and tn tbe Interest uf a common humanity. He re
coanizod the evnt caused by high taxation, but be
charted un tie 1) uiocratlc party tbo full responsi
bility for the w.r, far tho debtwhlr.ti it cnuiled, and
lor tbo consequent taxation resulting thero'tum,
T e responiiM.r.y could not bo tnrutu on tne lie
publican partr, wbi'li was the party that loiter d
and encouraged liber.
Mr. Ha tie) (Hep., 111.) believed It lo he thodnty
of Congress to adopt the pendiug mil or sons simi
lar mrt.ure. Its cxptne won t n .I ne v. i) gieit.
and the slutlsllc ami U'tn nlil h u pioviUeU lor
gathering might pruve uf tho greatest Intern-, and
importance. Tte laboring cla.ses constituted tae
wealth and power of the country aud at this time,
when workingmen were banding together ei err
where for the purpose of procuring their rights from
tno legislative pow cr, it w as becoming that Congress
should heel thai volte that came to It from all tea
ttuns. He thought It wonld he wise lor Congiess to
rovlde for the proposed commission. In repiy to
Mr Wood, he said mat the Itepubllcan parly had
iren Irom Its Inundation
the yi.UNu or tue laboeikc MAS.
He uo I ti the fa .1 that, while the Domocratle
putt, i, ad intoied slivery lu the Males aud iern'.o
tut. the Itepuhlic-iti party hid n ade iree ev.ry
luiuan being lu ibe country and glveu the franchise
lo every man
lr. Spesr (Dun., Pa, i susjxv'ted an a-nendment
directing mquir) partit'iiiariy n lu the sialom of pay.
lng laborers in store orderi,' tn'tead of In cash,
and to report what means can be udoua tu prevout
the coutiuuiace ol tbo e stout.
Mr. llurchard (Hop., Id.) suggested aa ainenl--nrmlinrnt
commuting tae inqutrr to the llureau of
-tislies, un it r ti e direiliou ot tue J-c-rtlari of
tl c Irt.i..r,. snd tpoke in import of that pioposl
U m.
Mr. P.rnw.-t'ii (Itep In) ssld tha all the et Is
complained i: ioi.ll np remedied by the repeal of
on.e la un.. l,.e reduction of sume taxes, but t.0
orro.in to ant upcs .-omuI'IIOks,
snd believed tual the (.o-nnnt'ee on Kducation aod
Labor could luvc'tir..te the subject more intelli
gently and mote eionouiu'S'l) tiiati uny coiuini.on
which could he appointed. Tncr were too many
romrotsstont now. hy should a commission hu
.ppotnled to disruvrr whit every member ought to
kuow fur himself) If a commission wero appoint
ed conaiating ot high tariff ineo, their panacea wonld
he an incrctse ot tariff on pig iron and otner co it
modifies wheroas, II It w era apoumtod from among
lie titju men, their adjutlment uf th question
would be fleo trade. None of the committors uf l'is
House were ao aeUcted. TLey wen auputiiled rrum
ol ectluns of tho cuuntrjr, snd represented every
lanety ol interests, ituor, capital, banks, losnalac
i.i. -s, ..ur oliure, snd even Una.: else.
wno inorin mvee ius investiovtio.v.
Mr Killlngei (H'P.. l'a.) preferret tiil the In
q i.i y sa ul.l be condiicied by sjiii-i ofhetrs of t:ie
ti.'tviiiiiiuut. und he lliouglit thai the lommtesioricr
ol Acrieuili.ro would be tut proper tersun to uui.e
tue iiivisii.uti'n. if iburu wnu to be a cotuii is... u
an, ointed, b wever, he wanted one of 1 1 com
iiii'-iiiui'M to he a practical laL.irrig man, and tn
waiti'l tne tiuuro of tfd-e to be linittet lo ?nt
ir.ir tn-'rad of two jpnrs at proposed la the but.
He rtipuduttd and denitd the euggostinn t.ia' i'ie
bortug men of tint cuunlry were affiliated w nh
t i. iulcitS'iulal toeietyor with the Paris louiuiuuo,
i nh Alln isis, litfloels, uud Pree Lnvtis.
M. I'n. U- u X, Y m.sestcd an aniendn-.ent
ei r.iii: t ir rm.iniiisioncrt to bo sele.led nre
i ..ii u' io luiul ur patty coutMer itio.is,
UllllM u Ih'iv MOESSAar TO TEOTICT LABOR.
Mi-. K .1 i it! v. l'a tdfieatel fio pisst;j of
.Ue oi. i, .ii I ii r i"d to t ie remarks of his colleague
i Mr. hl'inu ml Hit gentleman Irom New York
i Mr. t 'i.i i iu reference id tho ilu.tet on Iron
md otner American productions, Theso du
i.c woro necessary to protect tho Amorlcan
.morer und to aid to hit con'orit He tni
lo the clerk's desk and bad read a letter from Mr
Midreiv fund, of Uiiionloivn. l'a.. in reference to
the duties i u pig Iron, exponn; Iho supposed fai.a
clet ol the revenue reformers ",ie wurklni oai iy
of the countr. .Mr. Kclleyruntu uel, wanted tins
commissliin. Ha had never t-t-ao so mny letlns
from working men tu so s.iort a pice ol time i-j
plaudlng lilui for any art or woro of lilt as he hud
ivivin-'i iii inn i.i.i inuuiii, vuansing mill lor sup.
porting Ihe propoiilon uf the k-lin.rin.n fiom M.f--aeiiuetts
(Mr Hoar). TLere were understandings
iuinng Ihein.i Ivii. riievli iil dilfrient theotlps is
io what the ditllcn'tlet were Tliej asked tnat in
telllgent, blgli minded men, net counseled with any
taction or party, inuhtbuui Ihe.r representative
mod before t .em ami he n iiout tln'r lips tae grlov
nnre and remedies v Inc i thej r.i.-ht navo to sa
gest.
WHAT THE LtnOniNII UK lovll'i.l.y ur.
Mi, blrve is iii lib,'., ii i i .ul Hi. Uiiii.iij
tuen of the couutrv i o up .tin tins t-iriu wiii
Us uiiilliltl.le of ulitl.. I ii in; o ii ions li ii dens m
tho pioplu without uuy .1-'u'lli to thu I'leusuiy
Cher coinplained of lirnlil itlon boeauso uf li e lot
Urine uf ii.unupolies, win Hug theinseives shuut llie
nation, ihuateiiiiuf to iru-h out us life, llmi
eumplalusd uf L'oimrrss hoe iu-e uf Iho almost
eitmiiial s.itl.ii.f Iho punlli' 1 nuts, the nutloual do
m.i.li, rot bin: them and their c.'illdron oi home
leads. IU' b'lkvul l!.e o eoliipl.iinis to be u 11
Hi ninilej. uud llie eeii oily di eiyi-d to ho hva d
.ii cruu'lv i- ii.si rul. i r l..so leasuns hs fa
voreii lue up ii'iiiiiiiviit of ii e jnu listing. Its teport
vo.il I lie a ilaeiiM.'iu of ireat In. trtal, not unly in
'Im Li.itid "tn'is hut In I; trope, 11 would sI'miii
late ti.e lu'u of t iniiT.it;. in fr nn Ha roue lo hi
I'u .i' I M ne-. is is I tot ii it letui't in, c.,. ur tlm
.iV'ct.iij.,tl n in nn i iiIiIptc iioiiiei ret oi
I v ho itioi. il '.lie hill was that 'I.i twukiu; I 'le
i'ie It e i it .ii. ton, uu I I ,ey viifi f.i n 'ii iii
,ii i'... I y.
4. ',1.1 11 ti ut ovsr I T I t" '11 in o r.
U ha Ii Jim Nvn't tin .lor
A i.., flu ('I.i, "l'li'!Cal.
Seei'nr Nie says lit re it liiiiuiiiiiv mucin He.
i I t tlm v uid In' oiie villi'., i ut
'i lI'T ll III lili lltlftrr" I i.l H H I I f .ut
p i in I i xpie-i'iii' In M N re ou:iii t
I I III). nil'' Oll.ll lllllllt )I4 ll- I,!
t r I 1 ut'. ill il it...,'
P't'p i.sr just nil .i'ii
i Ilu
TUB M Alt III AO Or OBIT, SICKLES?
The Hae.l.pgged Iter or (Ipttribnrt- Cnrrv-
ln ofTOne oy Hpeln' I'nlrett Daoghtersy
-Mwrrled by the Worthy I'etrlnrrli ol tha
Indie- rnrtlcillnra of the Weddlna.
From Me Itratd.
Among the beauties long accustomed lo free
qaenl thee tatont wst oae fair Andslatlan ol mora
r '5mmon "ffrmotvra," named Carolina Mar.'
f.iif. u"frr". of soma twenty summers. Iltrl
ralher, Martinez (loerrero, was a dlstmtulslseiii
officer In lh Sptnlsb army. Hying when tlie waat
iliS""8' t" J100-" tnbsequenlly married -efloF;
T.VKw''ffv"'10"1! bMn 10 h" all that a I vln,
Jalher conld be. Aclost Inlltnae.y iprnng up bt-s-tween
Miss Laura Hlcklet and this young lady, who
r.m.b,,.,i.r uD2w? oc,llr by her stepiatlier'S
rtiras, the SeBorlt Csrollna da Creoagh, than'
by ber father's Dam of Onerrero. This Inn ntey
lias resulted In the capture of the funeral'
heart. Apnl or May next had been Died I r ths
tying of the nuptial knot, but laat week the (1 is rat
received si unexpocted call to Washington. Wltal
the object was of court II k dead leoret, wbleb,
will come out In doe time, Diplomacy often neoda
reserve, and premature publicity is sot to Inju n na
tional Interests. Msny snppo'e It tt In connee ton
with th claims of Amorlcan subjects for ouiiagai
In C'nbt; but whether this bo to or not, theie is lit
He doubt that Cnha Is st tho bottom or ths summon
lh Cshlnet of Washington have aent for him to
pay them u short visit On recolpt of this call tt
was decided to celebrate tie miirlag at once, io'
taat the Geneiat conld tase lilt lair bride witu hlm.
Tl Idea wss not a oad ono. at It will tnsblo him to'
prut to hit countrymen thtt Spain, with all bar
faulti and oil her hackwirdnesi, can produce some
thing better than slate owners and tlivery,
Tn iu Jilenne-s of the nuttce comonle I the 'red
ding to b a private ont. Under other clrcumst met
the General woull gladly l ava thrown hit door
upen to his I tree circle ol friends and aequttntancea
but Ut necessity of starting lor Wasblnatou th
lamsafternouncompilied h m to limit lilt invito.
H int to too low Americans here st present, to ths
relatives of the bride, and Ihe public were Invited
to set as Jidrlnci. 'the latter were tho ex it, cut,
Duke de Is Torre; th l'rusilan and Kronen Minis. i
tert (nappy combination tn.tt, tfur ths late war I)
th Introducer of Ambassadors rnd Conn Master of
Ceremonies, Vlzcond del Cerro, the Mlul-uerof
Stale, that It of Foreign AfTUtt; Seflor De lltat,
Uena, Yanch and Schmidt, the litter a eon-ln i iw of
O'Dc nnell, end is reftor l'crea lllanco, .rienu ot
the bride s fs'her. Tltu ad auue I tn clvo con
tract of marriage, as 'nit ,i.
Tho Americans present bldei the General'
mother and dsughter t e latter acttna: st nrideta
maid wor llr. UawurJ lleiknap, Mr. nJ Mn.
Knapp, Mr. A. A. Ados, Secmary of Legation, and
no v Chircu d'Affiiros, t
ThtonlySptnlsrdt besides those I have mem inned
were th bride's father, mutiier, and sunt, --odor
Acufta, a mutual friend of the bride and bride,
grcoin.and tho Duchess do la Torre, wlleol Gen
Serrano. Stop 1 bad almost forrotton to tnuine.
rate tbo American beauty, Mme. Olaneta, an I l eg
amtabl husbsntl, th diitingnuhed Spanish t'ulo'
nel OlsEele. The Ilaronest d Ctnltz, wife ol thei
rrmalan Ulnlsler, snd Mine. Iloullle, wife ut It
French Minister, and the at'eatant clergy run.
pitted the part lbith 'he General and till bride
being Itornan Catbollts, the ceremony, winca tuuW
place lu the American Legation, was performed ae
cording to th riles uf that c urch, by the I'ainarcu
of the Indiet. the bfbest oignltary of Cathtiiictam
In Madrid. He It bead cnapltln ol to Koyal C'uipeU
He waa assisted by three others ul the c.erg. 1 he
reading and signing ofd-'cun-nls by th v."iou
parties Interettel and the Cutyo orcct-iej I reli
gions ceremony, and took up some time,
When over, ths brldil partr formed in froi. cf a
temporary altar erected In the Salon de Urn and
tho worthy Patriarch wst eot long In pronon I'lnj i
Daniel E. Sickles snd Carolina Marlines Ua rera
de Creoagh man and wile.
The bride, who looked lov ty, went throna t hef
part without ths emoiloa u-uvl to voum Inln un
dor such "trying circuinstuteet." Tnert we e no i
hysterics, no faintlogs noi so i ungt over this iinlonv
of on of epatn's latrest ..lUguiora witb oil of
America's bravest ions.
Th brldo's dreis was white tulle, trimmed with
whit sann. ornaments, penis and dlamondt
white veil and wreath of orango blossoms com.
pletsi her toilet. Tli other dresses ol the
ladles preteot were rich aud varied, and a eaela
seemed to absorb a color to herself thoy re
minded one or the alternations of tne rainbow Tli
molhert of bride and bridegroom wore black tatln
Mrt. blckles hid tue sdditlun of Chialllly lac snd
diamonds. Miss blcklos, at bridesmaid, wor a
drtsa of pearl silk, witu ornaments of pm-n ana
diamonds. Ths bride's snnt wor a corn-enmred
costume, with point lace sod hpsntib muntllli. 'Ilia tW
Duchess da la Tort wore a green poplin, trimmed
wlta table, bha brought witu her a splendid loekei
lor the bride in the ebipo of a heart ol gold wltnt
brilliant!. The prnsiian Minister's wile, th llira
onus de Canllx, wat tn purple vtlvet, trltatnotl
wtth table, The French Minister's wlfo wit In Iliad
silk, trimmed with Duchesie laco. Mr. Kntnp. ta i
steel coloiod silk, and Mme Oisdete, tn blsck vel
vet, completed the darzlln: snd gorgeous array.
As to the bride's present. I will not attempt td
describe them for lesr of exciting the Jeelouey of my
lady reajert. After tho ceremuny the cumpaty ra
tired tu the dining room, where a handsome refresh
ment table was spresd. Tune, however, being"
precious Ibers wat no formality, no speecliifrlntv
J be health snd bspplnest of the newly married)
couple were drunk In cbamptzno by their Inends,
Ibe Duke de la Torre selling theexsinple, and with.
In an hour Ih.r wor safely ensconced In one of tha
carriages of tbe Petro C.irrll del Norte on their way
to England and America. Tiny eiDtct lo return tot
t'lbrutry.
SUHIlEAilS.
A noisy piece of crockery Tho cup thai
cheers.
Schoolboys hear with pleaiure of the decline
la the whaling builmsi.
The ruins on the north side of Chicago are
no- i ailed Slab Town."
A hu of stages is now running from Ih.luU
to Superior City, tight miles, on tht let.
The tea plaut has done very well tbl ar Iff
Souta Carolina, Tenne.lte. and California.
William II. Seward is uonilnated f' i Vice.
I'rrildeat br Ihe Tallahassee iFla.) senlint'..
In Chicago it is becoming popular gol
vaccinated wtth virus from Mrt. O'Leary's cow i
Chicago ts to opcu a new theatre Cltr tmef
f.ve. built since the fire. It will accommodate tjitj
5Con. j
Dulu'h calculates upon au increase in llf ,1
popttlitioa of in OjO lumilgrtuis oext year, mat. g 11 A
lopulation IliW. J
A Western paper mcnti mi twenty coids cf
dreised hogs" as a onion uf Iho cocleulaof a wan j
bouse in Mlurtesota,
One of the down-trodden In Vermilion ronns"
ly, I id., the other nlcbt, thtotv a brickh it tlirou.ti Iks'
window of a billiard hal' at ber linsbuua, who was oa
ihe inside playing a game cf nilllsrds.
In case tha Grand Duka cannot visit die oil
rtglont. the Tlttiitllle llftnkl proposes to send on sj
tank of crun otl and sprlnklo tht contents around
hint, to that he can get au idea of bow those t glon
itnoil.
A Ksnsst paper plates the case thla wayf
Mr. of M!-o'irt, gotta en-nlng horses th-ii did
not belong to bim. md I'ie m xt thing ht ki.. t b
loullniiist Ins Irct dots ii t tu-sioinl. Il--traa
girl.' 4
The old Manasi-i 1 .i' 'i.ld trot sold fjrf
dsys stnee lor eight dollars to acre. Wbea th wif1
con nier.eed It was nn ter a n rh tine of linpr ty n tt
ana iho dwelling bouse cprc tt was one of the r it U
that sec o tot the Slate,
A Michigan corrcpnudent writes: W
b-liev. on acioal compuisttnn of tho numbei IM
old cloiti-s tout to earn malu snfterer by th fmeil
Cretin Miehlcan wuuld cite him about two I n drel
pat-s of old pan's sad one hundred old bo psl
Cip'tu
A Cincinnati piper s.tvs that a lii- rr
e'tieu In Ibat c ly slates fut iiniirck prrn ncel
t-henns t the greatest geitri. developed hy the A iierl.
can war an I that, on his amm in ilertnany. Hi" I i nut
Minister Mid invite Ii m to u.s t'otusraalan b .'.to
spend a few weeks with In n.
A very wioked Connetticut man, Li i 'i r'
cently laken 111, snd believing ho was about to I 'old
a neighbor that br felt Ihe area uf prrpaialio r los.
next world, and would like to sec somo propor i 'run
inrrgaidin It, whereupon the leellng rr.cn I n it fc k
aa insurance agent. Jk
-Tbe column Ventlonic of Paris has br. pal
together, with Ihe exception of the part wiin nuns
meuiorat. il the victories over Iho Prussians i n- ef(
forts r.r the police lo find line portions hvv meily
laled. hi Pnue alls thai the column w.'l u If
lepueed iii.on lit pedestal.
Pedestrian (blandly, lo cabman 'mild'
I on d reft me the nearest war lu foulli Kiu.,.ii. t n?"
I atitnaii (who sees at a glance tho pany d not
im. in I'tilluois") "Ifjou irams tu be dru iier(
I'm loiind to lake tor. Oi'i n wise, l'a not n i to
supply general Intorniailoa to Hi pul I'."
Lot Angeles c luntv, Cal will yie'd II, leaf
l.aisi.UMgsll ui or wins and oo is mm or 1 1 indy,'
wuieh it a coiiMdeiaP't titeiei-ie over the vm :n vf
last ear. li e ttiimaied c is. or nlnc-utai ig 10
ulseed at per gtii.ui lh inmitUcnin aea.
nruily On a o'td) mark il lor their winis at 'iaod'
j Ll III I I ill
The V i Ih pu-tttr" 1) oner us are tl irirf.;
O.ISIV 111. I In Vil.t' .1- It Ill i in .is,"' I
the "fsuU saitad," la, ,m puii--.i ttn
"P'ill'.ngt."gmt the "lit' t the i lima' i
"old hu.i'er." Mrtib'.ri. i, t, r anlJ
h"il," ont erhnida," an I oilior polinei. ntir "-s o'l
uldei tun a ate pnssiat away.
I'LTSSIS 1-nc.fT'fi
A i. ni tlirutili H I 'i i.
II i -IntKlng, ll nth' I '.I ii. i, k
i "ul. aid II" nil il
ell out, I 1 not. i ot a i. fai
I S"l.l'l. I
i "I. .iV iii
I ,1 V
I' II' i i
I I
i
..j,
IIHBHfllHHHIHU m