Wilt FOR THE BILLOT.
Grand Mass Meeting at the Brook
lyn Academy of Music.
THE CITY OF CHURCHES AROUSED
Election Frauds Denounced in
Tones of Thunder.
EEPEATERS TO BE HADE REPENT.
The Citizens Pledged to Extermi
nate the Culprits.
WHAT BROOKLYN WILL D9 ABOUT IT.
Bpeeches by Mayor Kalbfletach, District
Attorney B. F. Tracy, Captain Tenny,
General Slocum, Rot. Tlieo
dorc Cnyler and Others.
The citizens of Brooklyn tamed oat en matte
last evening, despite the netting rain and unin
viting condition of the state of affairs, meteorologi
cally speaking, to express their indignation aeainst
the alleged frauds perpetrated upon the ballot
In the election of Tueslay last. The Academy of
Music, the rendezvous or the denunciators of tnc
outrage was crowded to exoess from pit to dome
fuilv an boor before the "opening of the ban,"
which did not take place until eight o'clock. The
ftage was also crammed by tne leading
lights of the republican party of Kings
county and the dereated candidates of
both the "reform" republican factions. In tho
body of the house wore hundreds or democratic
politicians, and it was whispered on every sue that
the elements for a lively row were certainly on liaud,
whether they were developed In the course of tlio
"big talk" or not. subjoined Is a copy of the call
which was very extensively circulated throughout
tAe city during the day:?
CITIZENS aROUBEI
Shall the elective franchise be defended or aban
doned? Tammany tactics in Brooklyn. Tlio elec
ted candidates counted out. Tlib voters of K.lug's
county, who are determined to overcome the enor
mous frauds which were peroetraled In this oily on
Tuesday last, and to bring the authors to justice,
are Invited to assemble on /name at the Academy of
Music, tills evening.
Promlnen' among those who occupied seats on the
platform were noticeable Mr. Henry E. Bowen, ex
Mayor liooth, Colonel Robert Johnstone, Nelson O.
Shaurmnrf! .lames Weaver, Colonel Thorpe, Super
visor Harman, ex-Mayor Larnnert, Joseph Keeves,
Frank U. Klrby,*Dwigt? Johnson, S. B. Chittenden,
General Jourdau, Joseph J. Couch, Judge Ten ay
and A. E. Goodnow. When tuc full force of
the gaslight was turned on and Mr. W. W.
Goodrich came forward on the Btagc a loud
and continued outburst of applause nroso
from the multitude assembled, and swelled
again at the mention of Mayor KalbDelach's name as
presiding omccr of the meeting.
8PEKCB OK MAYOR KAT.RFI.ElSCfT.
Mayor Kalbflelsch on com In or forward was received
with tremendous cheering. When silence had been
restored the speaker stepped to the rrout and in a
very determined tone addressed the multitude. lu
the commencement or his observations he tendered
his heartfelt thanks for the warm and generous
reception accorded to hlic. This, he said,
was a momentous occasion, but tlio
elective franchise, which the citizens of the United
Btates should hold dear, was being wrested from
them by men who had violate! the trust reposed in
them. It had been alleged that irauds tia;i been
committed, ana the returns licui the different dis
tricts proved conclusively that something was
wrong. That fact was apparent to All who cared 10
examine into the matter. The Mayor then dwelt
severely upon the course the Inspectors of Election
bad pursued, lemarklng that matiy a man had been
Dung upon circumstantial evidence, and that tho evi
dence In this case was so very strong that tho rojio
should have been furnished to hang them. This ob
servation was received with thundering cheers. The
Mayor seemed to feel pretty good, and, advancing
like Don Ca sar, toward tne footlights, stated that
there was a time when a citizen ot the Utile republic
of Bome boldly declared his citizenship; but could
an American go abroad at the present time and gain
respect in face of tin; statements presented In reier.
ence to the Irauds perpetrated at the recent
election? The counting business was not
by any means a novel thing to luiu. lie
had had some experience lu that Hue, and if he had
not been wide awake they would have counted in m
ont in the year 1<?7. He was then set up for the
purpose of being knocked down, (Croat laughter)
The Mavor proceeded to comment upon the rascali
ties which characterized the recent olcction, and
humorously adverted to a contest In which
he was the opponent of Mr. Arcliy Bliss.
The time had arrived when all such glaring evils
must come to an eud. Electioneering frauds would
henceforth have but little support; lor when tho
people were aroused to a sense 01 their duty it was
pretty certain that the knaves must go to ine wall.
The speaker, with some humor ami not a little sar
casm, adverted to the results ns recently
reiumed in some of the election dis
tricts, showing that in numerous instances illegal
votos had been cist. Ho also enumerated several
cases In the elections of years past wherein, so fur
as certain districts were concerned, the votes re
turned exceeded tho number oi residents In the
wards mentioned. The Mayor wound up his oration
by observing that it was time tho Legislature
changed the municipal government entirely. He
advocutcd tho abolishing of commissions, aud after
giving the members ot the Water Board a pioco of
fits mind, not forgetting the Fire Commissioners,
Mr. Kalbflelsch retired amid enthusiastic cheers.
Mr. Bknton, the secretary of the inoeiiuir, then
read a very lengthy list, of names, prominent and
Influential cltlz-ns or Brooklyn, who acted as Vice
Presidents upon the occasion. These names were
accepted with applause i>y the audience.
CrKKCH OF DISTRICT ATTORN KY BENJAMIN F. TRACY.
Mr. Tracy then arose and spoke as follows:?
Mr. Chairman and Fellow Citizens? Having
been appointed chairman of a commlitco at the
meeting held at Commonwealth Hall yesterday
morning to investigate the alleged frauds that have
been perpetrated at the recent election, ana having
an almost continuous session ot that commit
tee from the time of its appointment until
tbe present, Mr. Chairman, 1 shall conflno myself in
the few remarks which I shall submit to this meet
ing to a report of the evidence or the facts which
have come to the koowledgo of that committee
showing how frauds have iieen perpetrated at the
ballot box during the recent election. On the even
ing of election, Mr. Chan man and rellow citizens,
those or us who were scanning t lie returns of tho
election as the reports came in rrom the Third,
Twentieth, Seventh, Eleventh, Thirteenth, Fif
teenth, Tenth and Ninth wards, and. in fact, all tho
wards where we Im.l a guarantee of an
hono.it and ralr elect Iod, those returns indi
cated that the reeling and sentiment
or an aroused people, which had swept over tho
city of New York and over the state of New York,
had oeen felt also in Brooklyn? (applause)? ami wo
beheld in the increased vole against the democratio
pai tv evidence pending to satisfy us all ihaitlio
County 01 Kiugs had been swept by an aroused
people determined to place the government or Its
city in the hands ot honest and upright orrtctais.
(Applause- 1 By ten o'clock these returns had been
received from so many various quarters as wo
thought fairly indicated the result of the elec
tion. There remained substantially only the
Fifth, second, sixth and the Twelfth wards
to bo heard from. There was a siienco
from those wards, it is true, that was ominous;
but we thought we had heard returns from those
Wards before, and as they had not increased in
populatiuu we thought they had done their worst In
1S70. diving them the utmost, that they could possi
j>iy claim, the highest majorities that those wards
oad ever been known to give before, wo could count
m certain the election of every man upon our city
r.x?ept' Possibly, one, and the maionty on
,?X "cket- But at last we had news
rr?M#. ?^con'i wan1 Indicating a vote, a demo
in?? ,of We knew what that
Eim L'J im?, .!T, moments caine tidings rrom tho
three thousand ?a Jcmocratlc majority of over
had been at wm'v *,,ew ,l,eu Flul influence
Inii their n-aiV ?,e war('8- wp wore feel
frmn a single district*0 in^uio "wafl
ifte
got thcm inTate that^mgnt^* foun^?hat^^?v3i
iu? about one tttettMOd Ucmo'
A
?mtic vo*es had, been added ti the highest ma
Jornies thai those wards had ever been known to
give. The uniformity ol mat increase from
nine to ten hnuure<l in each waul was very
suggestive lhat somebody hail niaile a careful cal
cu, a: Ion an to the precise number of voh-h needed
to swamp I he county ami eilv tickets, and those
ret urns have been made to order. (A voice -"That's
i-o.") I'.eiore the next morning the evidence of
Iraud in the election had become overwhelming
and it was determined that the candidates wiio hud
been counted out in this election should meet to
dt vise means, not only ol i e<lie88ln? the wrong that
had been done to them as representatives of'klid
citizens ol this county, but the wrong that
had been done to ihe entire city o(
Urooklyn and the entire Mate of New York
ana to every one who Is interested in the ucrl
peiuity of free institutions. (Applause.) That
meeting was held and a committee was appointed
first to call this meeting to-night, and another com
mittee was appointed, of which 1 had the honor to
be named chairman, to gather up the multitudinous
evidence of tho trauds and the violence that had
been committed at the bul ot box 011 Tuesday lust
(At this point ex-Mayor Uooth entered on the stage
aim was received with tumultous applause I
will briefly recapitulate, Mr. Chairman and fellow
citizens, all these frauds, and I begin first by calling
your attention to the increased voie of this countv
as evidence to prove the assertion whlcn your chair
man has made, and the assertion which 1 repeat
and am prepared to prove In any court of aw
that repeaters walked about the streets of thli
city on Tuesday last la gangs of from ten to illteen
and voted at ev?ry poll in certain wards of this citv
wherever they pleased-voted with the knowledge
and consent In most Instances an.l by the ttC ua?
c?nniTan?e of your police in many Instance?.
n tusaert, without fear of successful con
tradiction, that there have been lo.oou illegal
votes polled at Uie decent election in the city or
Brooklyn. (Applause.) Last ye >r was a guberna.
torlal election. Kverybody is familiar with the
fierce contest thai ran through this city at
that election. Mot only did the democracy
have upon their ticket the name o? John
T- Hoffman, the most popular democrat
who ever r.ln in toe State if New Yo?KS
plause)? but we hod a severe contest over the elec
tion of congressman and every one knows that
when we elect a (jovernor and Congressmen the
people come out aiMlrote as they come at no otlier
election except that of President. We lmu a riSi
vote, in the wardnjo which I have alluded we had
an enor mow vote; aft, as l said before, we thought
tkose wards had dojte their worst against the ve
publican party. W?S_slr, at that election, lierceiy
contested m Itwaa/Sra t as wa? the vote polled at
that election, there ^re but about flity-nine thou
sand votes polled fci tne county oi Kings. At
this election there are nearly seventy thousand
votes polled, an Increase of lo.ooo votes over the
last election, whereas, judging by the rules that or
dinarily prevail at elections, there would nave been
toss number of votes polled this year than were
polled last rear. N#w. I say that the majority of
'hese io,ooe additional votes aro the work of repeat
ing done on Tuesday last in this cltv, and as an evi
dence how it was doae, I, propose to call your atten
tion to mno election districts in lour different
wards in this city. In election district No. 2 in the
Second ward, there Were polled last year. 355 demo
cratic votes. Hi* year mere were polled 775
democratic votes (11 wo are to betleve those can
vassers), an increase oi about lis per cent Does anv
man in fits common sense believe that this' is a
truthful record of the Increase of the votes of that
ward? Ana yet there was no docrea-e of the re
publican vote, lu the Eighth district of the fifth
ward there were polled last year 260 votes: this
year 403 democratic votes, or an increase in the
democratic vote of sixty per cent. In cue First dis
trict ol the blxtn ward there were oiled last year
Tin democratic votes, and this year it is alleged
there wore foiled 1,152 democratic votes, lu tho
First- district of the Eiglnn ward last
year there were 216 democratic votes p lied- this
year 4J4 democratic votes, in the Second district
of Hie Ninth ward there were ?uo last year and this
year they pretend to nave polled 45S democratic
votes, in the Fifth district or the Twelitn wind
there were polled 2.(3 democratic votes lasi year, and
this year there is claimed to have been polled 5oi
or au uicreaso oi 114 per cent. In the Hixih district
oi tho Twcirth ward there were 4S2 democratic votes
last year, and tills year it Is alleged there were
polled -40 democratic votes. Does anybody believe
that this Is not the work of fraud and perjury and
corruption T The evidence is too palpable, and' hero
is an increase in nine election districts out or
127, I believe, in the city of Urooklyn? an increase
to the democratic vote or 2,720, or an average in
crease ol seventy-eight per cent. It was this enor
mous Increaso, Mr. Chairman, that first attracted
the attention of those who were scanning these re
turns. (111 Investigation what, do wellndf 1 call
your attention to the First district of the Sixth
ward. There proiesjes to have been polled l,i&2
democratic vot<;8 and 167 republican votea ou tho
?lay or election. The Impossibility of polling that
number of votes has already been alluded to. but
i there is an additional fact that has come to tho
knowle<igo or the committee. We heard
that the poll lists of that district had
been returned to the County Clerk's
ottlce yesterday, and in company with other of my
fellow citizens I repaired to the Clerk's ofllce and
examined lhat poll list. On examination we found
that It took two books to contain it. One book
was not large enough. (Laughter.) On looking into
tne Urst book we found nve hundred and odd names
on that poll itst, wri'Un in a clean, uniform hand
I writing, with the eight ballots wtilch each citizen Is
I supposed to nave voted at the election, and every
one oi them marked as having votod solid for every
j King candidate. Alter that the handwriting on
that poll list changed, and the balance Is In a durer
i ent handwriting. That was very suggestive: for it is
supposed i hat one poll olerk keeps me tally ol his own
book. Hut the hand wri' lug in mat poll llstcnanges
and then rrom that on It bears the evidence of being
a poll list kept at an election. The writing is such
as you would expect, and every now and then you
And citizens onljr voting a portion of the ballots.
We took the names orgerrtlemeu who purported to
vote at the change of handwriting aud asked them.
Did you vote at that poll ou election day "I
did." "What time did you vote "We voted lust
as the polls opened aud beiore seven o'clock We 1
have the atnuavit in our possession of n voter i
who swears that ho voted at that poll
before seveu o'clock on that morning and a
vory few moments after the poll opened
and yet his name stands tho 52sth on the list, thus
demonstrating, fellow citizens, that the poll clerks
ot that district deliberately wrote down live hun
dred and odd names on that poll list, before the vot
ing began, and then stuffed the ballot boxes to make
the ballots correspond with the names on the list,
(H Isscfl. Another instance of fniiiil occurring in
that ward In another district is this.? At one e'ec
tion district .vour honorod candidate for County
Judge. Mr. Colt? (applause)? having been elected
nil inspector of election last year, declined serving
this year beennso he was a candidate, made
an arrangement with the democratic authorities
that a vacancy which bad occurred m their inspec
tors and the vacancy which was to occur by his
resignation should be fitted, each naming a candi
date of their political party, so that me political
status of the inspectors should not be changed
being two democrats and one republican. On the
morning or the election he repaired to the polls
with his friend whom he wanted to have appointed
inspector, and when he cania therO he found that
they refused to carry oat the agreement and had
named a democrat, making the inspectors tinea
democrats and no republicans. Then the three demo
cratlc inspectors and the two democratic poll clerks
proceeded to business. I will not stop to tell what
transpired during the day; but at the close of the
polls everybody was ordered out of the room, and
they were shui up with those ballot boxes lor lorty
two m nutes, when the doon were opened and tho
public was again admitted. Judge Colt, on going
into the room, found the poll cioiks busily engaged
In checking on the poll list oppuslte names that lud
been written upon It. He asked how in the world
they could tell how people voted so long aner they
had voted? how they fill those blanks; but they paid
no attention, and kept filling up the
blanks opposite tlioso names, clearly Indicating
that names had been added to the poll list in a
hurry, and they had not time to Mil them up ami
were then filling at raudoin. Two hundred addi
tional democratic majority In that district over its
usual democratic majority la iho result of that
fraud. Mr, Tracy asked it Iho men who coniniiticd
tho f rands should not bo punished. Would the peo
ple be content in merely driving these democratic
cauvas-ers to irive the certificate or election to Colo
nel Morton, who was counted out in the SeACnth As
sembly district? or would they Insist that the
Graud Jury, the District Attorney and
a petit Jury should do their dutv?
In Charging the police with having connived at
fraud, Mr. Tracy staled that the Alderman or the
Iweiity-uret ward had asserted yesterday that a
certain polico onicer in that ward had
voted In two diirerent precincts, and taut
his captain was aware of it ahd dla
not arrest iiiin. He charged that an Inspector in tho
Second ward had been approached by the Alderman
of that ward with a bribe to betray the trust reposed
In him, and having declined to do so he was at
tacked when he went to the polls by a gang of ruf
Hans, who knocked him down, and then the police
arrested him tor being knocked down When the re?
pubiicauiy protested the captain released him. He
letuined to the polls and found them swearing in
another man lu his place. Mr. Tracy 111 referring
to tne charge that the republicans had repeated
the election, sakt if this was so they wonui nrn
secute them as well as democrats, fn ng he
said that tho committee nail other evidence in their
c Kweju st n ow? UC Uot thlnk ?Pr5SSSt' to dtt
T11B ABSOLUTIONS.
Tno following resolutions were then read and
adopted by acclamation
Resolved, That we, the citizen* of Ring*
?mem bled, representing >11 ?n?d*. of polluVM L^iu .hH?
UnnlnR lor the moment all those ouestlon? on lllVirh Q"
been ncciittomed to differ, have corn" "?rther fo^
POMI of .alerting our manhood nn" o fnCi.i ifc lh,'K "r
bo d, and with a deep *en?e ol our re.pomdbimj a? membe?
of the Common wealth, our mcxornbla ii?ijirmin.ii
gain, .ecure ami defend our rlgnta. mluallon to re
Kerolveri, Thai the election held In thli count* nn is,..
reeked with Imam,, and eTe"
which rosn.., are tamlliar waa n.ed, with very tenerai""-?
ce*?, to lime the voice of the people, and alien*
ted to rule. Larue number, of narnw
not vote at all were added u, the poM IUU. Zereai
changed by inapectore and agalutl the candidate* for whom
Ihey t'vwn, liftllongert and pCAC6Bh)e cHtzrni worn
drtrm from the polls by rudlapfl. wuo were In
Mil*t?d in their devlll.h worY ij the .won offlcer. oiVhe
Ke*o>?d, That, comprehending at once the nature and e?.
tent of the wronK done to u. .n.Pto a.l ine (;??d people of the
State, we apply our?elr*? Here and now to the wora or r??
ore., and redl.trdiutlon and one mean, to ihe?? end.
hereby appoint A. A. Low, 8. H hittende? n B iTarti?,T
W. Hunter, K. L. llal.ted T. Carroll, Fraualin Woodruff a"
C. Howen, ?jrue Klnkef.J. T. Martin., n B. Dulcher K A
bchrfieder. \V. Her,.o?, Chauncr Herrr, Loren 1'ilim.V m'
T.racy; Jan.e. Morphy, A. t unninghan, W. W. O..o"i( h
R. M. Whltnev, Jumel l.trhwe^e K.J. W iltloc* R w i"
ter, H. McLean, K. Cornell w hue, 6. H. Roben. a. n
Whee ock, 11. U. Heave, It. John.toiie, K. Dries, (v vi!
*n?ll, <1. L. Koi, Alton C. Davit, \V SfuttnTir K
J. K- J"r?in?. V. Egger*, Anguatu. bUUw.
A. U. Parley, Jamee Jordan, *nd 77um",r't;
power to a.1.1 lo their number*, wlrme duty >1'
f ?t To accumulate Mich evidence of the tr*1''1* w,s
al'ege in may be conveniently u*ed in our
,v ,,?,i?Tn prosecute promptly and to ?""v,tl eveiy
teet. d oUrr.dcr a,;aiuit the tulereate of the ballot.
rhit,l- To lake measure* to pr. vent any candidate not
f Airly elected from prolittnR bv Ihete fraud*.
lo appeal lo tlie Leiilelature about to aaaem
ble for audi apecly relief a? It may be in tneir pmwtr to
To take such other and further m'a.ure?foren
?urinc the ends or jiutloe aa may be deemed nred till An I
we hereby pledge to i-ald witiimittee, from the be?lrnli?tO
me en?l of their labors, our moral, peiuuiary ueecl ?c? j
That with a full knowledge of tlie wrong* we
have it II red, with a determination which will ne er lallfr
to brinu the crlniln.il* to juaticc wltu conlUlenoe ui he jn?
tlce of our cause and a reliance on Divine Providence we
turn now upon the pampered public robber* who, having
lirat deapoiled ua or our property, have plundered ua or our
political rtchta, and hurl at Ih ra our luctl Jii.mt defianc'.
We hereby notify them that the battle to which we chal
lenge them aball be foimht to the bitter en I, and that no
coiiaideratlon h1ib.I1 shield them Horn the n ti lbutl. >n which
la about to overtake them at the hands ol an Untuned and
ouuaged people.
8PKKCU OF GENERAL IIBNRY W. SI.0CCM.
General Henry W. Sloccm, on being Introduced,
spoke as follows:?
Fellow Citizens 1 have been absent from homo
most ol the time since the polls closed, anil have
known but little or what was going on. 1 nave
heard more this morning man I expected of
the alleged frauda. 1 was Invited to attend
this meeting late this evening, and 1 came hero
with no intention of making a speech, lint with an
earnest desire to place myself among those who de
sire not only to correct those frauds, but to punish
tneir perpetrators. (Applause.) I was a little sorry
to hear mv trlend, Mr. Tracy, speak of tliem as
democratic frauds. They may have been perpe
trated by democrats, but I speak the truth
when I say to yon that I believe the
great mass of the democratic party will condemn
them as strongiv as any man in this house- (Ap
plause). He pledges his District Attorney to prose
cute tnoni 1 pledge him that 1 will secure as lunch
money to prosecuto these irauds from democratic
sources an he will from tils own political friends.
(Applause). I say this because J believe that every
seflsltile (lemooral, every man wno has any
ainbiilon, every man who has any property must
see that it Is to his Interest to condemn flieni. It is
to his m'erest to preserve the purity ol the ballot
box. (Applause.) Whenever It conies to the point
that four or live men can elect our oillcers In a back
room by themselves character Is worth nothing, and
property becomes ot lit tle value. You nave no hold on
it. 1 nelieve that every sensible democrat will unite
most heartily and cordlallv wilh the people who arc
hero assembled, In prosecuting to the bitter end
every man who has been engaged In theso irands.
The Legislature wtilch Is about to assemble is in
sympathy with the mass of this meetlug. I believe
that it Is composed In the main oi honest and good
men. Lei us ask that Legislature to give
us laws which will preserve the purity or
the ballot-box. (Applause.) For one, I say now, its
1 have always said, that you cannot make too strin
gent a registry law to suit me. (Applause.) I
don't care how stringent the law is made. It would
be ncttcr to put every man in the city to Hie trouble
of Kolng to some place to register his name a
dozen times over than to liavo our rights
stolen from us through the stuilliiK or
the ballot box. (Applause.) 1 will join iu a peti
tion. I will lift up my voice in favor ol tho
most siriiigent registry law that can bo en
acted. (Applause.) Having once secured a pure
ballot;, then let us make every man who handles
our money come before the people, ("lliais so.
"Good P) Let us have uone ol those boards where a
man can sliii behind somebody else. Let them all like
your repicsetitativcs in Cotnrress and in tne stato
Legislature be compelled lo come before you where
you can say "Well done, good and raitliiul ser
vant," or else the reverse. Let the man who paves
your streets or the man who constructs your s<>w
era coine before you un'l submit to the saiuo tluni?.
Give us a clianco to step up to tne ballot
box and say by our votes "Wo find that
you have been an honest man." Give us that and
mve us a pure ballot, and then Brooklyn will lie a
place worth living in, and It won't be wltuout. (Ap
plause).
Loud calls were lhen made for "Woodford, Wood
ford;" but Mayor Kalonelsch announced that that
gentleman was uot present. lie introduced instead
CAPTAIN A. W. TENNY,
who arose and addressed tho assemblage as fol
lows:?
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen? I nm not on
your list of speakers here to-night. I am hero
simply because 1 ain an American citizen and in
full sympathy wilh this meeting. (Applause.) But
as you nave drafted me Into the service
by pulling me over tho bannister I
will briefly respond to tho call. In tho
first place, I congratulate you. tho citi
zens or Brooklyn, for this maguit cent out
pouring of our people, who have como here this In
clement night to put Into shape and form their
riKhteous indignation against tho frauds of last
Tuesday. (Apmause.) 1 fnrtfterinore congratulate
the good citizens oi tins city that we are here, uot
as partisan--, but as American citizens. (Applause.
1 furthermore congratulate them that there are men
here who voted lor Powell for Mavor, tnat there are
iut-n who voted for our respected Mayor Kalbftelsch?
(a voice, "Good and there arc those hero who
voted tor Booth for Mayor? each and ail demanding
the sams thing and with the same purpose, ami that
is that the men who have stuiled our ballot
boxes, tno men who have written tneir
names over and over again on tho
poll list shall be driven to t!i? wall and punMied for
this fraud. (Applause.) When the city or Chicago
was on fire and the forked flames were leaplmr irom
block to block and from square to square the people
of that cliy did not stop to ask which building it
was, or whether It belonged to a democrat; or a re
publican; but tney fought the flames Inch by inch
and foot by root until God iu His infinite
mercy poured out tho vials of heaven and put out
the llame. (Applause.) So, when we are writhing
In the coils of tiolltical vipers, when American Insti
tutions are on trial in tills city as they never were
before, it is time that wc came as citizens
to fight this tiling inch by Inch, and
square by square, and foot by foot. (Ap
plause.) And, what is more, wo find that
little irishman wno drew the sword at Chicago and
his gallant cohorts did more. When marauders
there were plundering and getting rich out of the
exigencies ami necessities of that citv, what did
they do Tliey hung them to ihe lamp posts. (Ap
plause.) And so, when we cannot get justice In our
Courts, when wo cannot get Jubtice In
tho Legislature, hang them I (Applause.) There
Is a power greater than Legislatures and
that power is in the majesly of tho
omnipotence of the people. (Applause.) Think of
it. 81 x months ago tlie King or New York city was
omnipotent. Then the will ol one man was the law
of that city. (Hisses.) Councils and Legislatures
were awed by tho f/>w dij ii oi one man. But to-day
tho Ulna Is broken and its supporters pow
erless as an infant In the cradle. (Ap
plause.) You have nil heard. 1 suppose,
of Tom Ledwitn. (Laughter a'td applause.)
There was such a man. Little iu stature, little in soul,
little In principle ami small ill m.iunood? (laugh
ter)? this Led with, where Is he i lie Is none to that
bourne Irom which no traveller like ni:n ever re
turns. 4 Lang iiter and applause.) Where is I no
whole Ring that robbed tne city? Thoy have gone
?town beneith tho green pool of their
own corruption, to nso never again? (applause)?
put down there by the people and not by partisans.
(Applause.) There Is a lesson which the good men
of flie city should gather Irom the recent election.
It is this: wo should take an examp'e from
the earnest men in New York city. Wo
ought to have gone Into tills canvass with
two tickets Instead of three. (Applause.) We
ought to have united, no matter what name
headed the ticket, taking the old starry ling or ihe
republic, and on It "retrenchment and reloim"? on
that wo should have gone Into ihe canvass. iAp
piause.) I care not who the man should be, whether
our present honored Mayor, wiio, 1 say hero as a
republican has been tho faithful guardian of ihe
interests of the city and of this people ever since ho
lias been Mayor? (applause)? or whether Samuel
Booth? (applause) I care not. Had wc made a
reform ticket, as wo ought to have done? had we
put our best men upon thai ticket and gone into tne
fJKht you would uot have been hoie. There could
have been no frauds, 'or I tell you we would have
carried the eltr by from ten to twenty thousand
majority. (A voice, "That's so.'') But, gent 'emen,
1 tin I I am making a speech, and 1 wm bid you
good night. (Voices, "Go on, go on.'')
firRECn OP MR. BDMCND PRIOflB.
Mr. Edmund Drltrgs followed and remarked that
he had heard a hiss In the audience, and he had not
known that there were any gee?c among them until
that moment. He was In favor of adopting the
principle enunciated at tho meeting for the war on
Fort Greene, in 1861, wnen it was advocated that
party be ignored, and that all unite in prosecuting
the frauds on our last election. The democrats,
he was confident, would vio with tho
republicans in furnishing tno means to ferret
out and punish the ballot box stutters.
He held In his band a letter Irom a gentleman in
one of the Fifth ward districts certifying that he
had the names of sixteen citizens wdo voted in said
district for Mr. Kaliifleisch, whereas the inspectors
had returned only one voto lor him. If you guard
not tho sanctity of the ballot what rights have you?
You have none; and the man who *tu:ni the ballot
box is worse than an assassin, a robber, or any
othor criminal, for he strikes at the heart of our
contituiionai liberty. Ho concluded by assuring
them of his support in the contest.
REMARKS OP REV. DR. CCYLKB.
Dr. Ccylkr then spoke and said he understood
that this meeting was not in the Interest of any
party. He would address them as a citizen and tax
payer of Brooklyu. Of the great political reform
victory in New York they were cognisant, and of
tho fact that the northwest wind of Tuesday last
swept up everything there except one rank weed
that was Tweed. It behooved us now to look to our
own dwelling placo. We have erred quite too long in
bringing national partisan feeling into our local
government. It wits a mailer ol no importance
what a man s politics were as regards the custodlaus
of our city's alia rs, provided he be but hone.-t and
just. Wo meet tne nobie democrats Charles
O Conor and Mr. Tllden? with open hands,
ano congratulate them for their seif-sacriiico
and the talents thov are bestowing upon Hit
I prosecution of the frauds. The evil lie* af trie root?
1 the primaries, which respectable men l?v un
noticed. They are suffering now tor iheir sins <>f
omission. What avails 11 us for an honest man to
go 10 the poll and vote once K a rogue can go there
and vote three times? Ho demanded that, the
charges of fraud ho rlfo on last Tuesdav ho tnost
scarcliingiy investigated, as our neighbors ferreted
out the fraud* in New York. Tliey sneered, "What
are yon going to do about It r" We ?>avo shown
(hem what would be done about it. and tltiM harle
quin sucer will uever be cast in the teein of freetneu
Hiram. If the^e charges arc proved let us demand
that every man who la convicted, just a*
soon as tie can make a chati*? of raiment,
put on a striped area* In the Penitentiary, and
Lay your lash heaviest on the leaders, and not. oil
the poor, besotted dupes. Too long navo the poor
tools been liamed up and punished lor petty of
fences. They have plundered the treasure house in
New York; but what is mat to tlio
plunder of the ballot? The crime was the assassina
tion or the ballot. Kur crimes less than that Charles
the First wont to the scairold. Let us join hands to
nhrht, men, determined to protect the purity of the
ballot box, and not let a single offender go un
punished. Then lirooklvn will not be ashamed to
wear the name of tlio City of the sanctuary, but, as
becomes a City of Churches, will Rive evidence of
truth in the selection of honest olllcials.
Messrs. S. B. Ch:tienden, A. A. Low and Ilenrv
n. Davis also spoke, endorsing the object of the
meet mar and denouncing the City Mali King, tho
Water Hoard and the ballot-box stuffers. Hubscrlp
tlons were started to defray the expenses of the
prosecution, and about $2,000 was realized. 1 ho
meeting then dkpersed.
INDIGNATION MEETING IN WILLlAflSBlttfl.
A large meeting of the German citizens of Wil
liamsburg was held last evening, at Union nail, for
the purpose of protesting against the alleged elec
tion frauds in the city. Tho meeting was called to
order bv Coroner Peterson, of the Klffhteenth ward,
and j. M. Patry was elected permanent chairman.
Addresses were delivered by Louis Froeullch.
(Jeorga Ghlel, Solomon Spitzer and oilier prominent
citizens, who denounc ed tho alleged frauds In the
most unmeasured terms aiul demanded instant
re iress.
BROOKLYN ELIMON FR \W
How the Republican Ticket Was
Defeated in the City of
Churches.
HONEST MEN AStOUSED.
How the Ballot Boxes Were Stuffed Be
fore the Polls Opened.
REPEATERS RAKED FORE AND AFT.
What Ei-Mayor Booth, General Jourdnn, District
Attorney Traey and Ex-Assemblyman
Goodrich Have to Say on
the Situation.
THE ELECTION LAW 3 DEFECIIVE.
Facts and Figures for Honest Men and
Repeaters Alike to Contemplate.
What the People Propose Doing
About It.
For the purpose of ascertaining what the leading
republloan politicians or the usually quiet "City of
Churches" think or the late election in thoir
?'village," or, m other words, for the purpose of
feeling the republican pulse of that city, a Herai.o
reporter called on several of ths parties? leading
lights? yesterday arternoon, and had a few minutes'
conversation with cach, the substance of which is
given below.
A TALK WfTII EX-TIAYOR BOOTH.
A reporter of the IIeealo found Postmaster
Samuel Booth, the republican candidate for Mayor,
at Assessor Jouroan's ortlce, in Court street, and
proceeded to Interview hlin with reference to tho
alleged frauds. Mr. ftootli did not reel line being
Interviewed, but said ho would not obJcct to
making a statement of facts tor publication. In re
sponse to the reporter's question Mr. Booth said:?
"We charge enormous frauds and claim the election
or our entire ticket. Tako, for instance, the First
district or the Sixth ward, where 1,319 votes
are reported, 1,169 or which aro for
Powell. Now, that or Itself Is prima facie
evidence of fraud. Our Committee of Fivo
went to the County Clerk's Offlco yesterday and got
the poll lists or the Slxtn word, rrom which they
found that the inspectors in tho First district re
turned 600 bogus votes. The names represented aro
fictitious. The committee havo been walled upon
by crowds of men who have given testimony In
proor or fraud. Tho committee sit each day until
five o'clock."
Mr. liooth reierred to the Fifth ward, and asserted
that for every three Inhabitants ot the ward (men,
women and chlldrenj there had been one vote cast.
The vote Tor Governor in tlio Flith ward last year,
continued Mr. liooth, was !i,900 In round numbers.
This year they reported 4,20J votes, and
so on to the end of the chapter. "I
tell you, sir, tho people aro fully aroused
here. We will endeavor to get tho Board ot Can
vassers to throw the bogus voles out. Good men,
irrespective or party, arc anxious torerrct out these
frauds, and I understand that in the Muth and
Twenty-first wards tho excitement Is intense."
Keforter? What for oi will the prosecution take,
Mr. Booili?
Mr. Booth? Well, wo cannot tell at present. This
is our first day for taking the testimony. We will
present the testimony to the Boards or Canvassers
next week. The County Can vaxsers meet on Tues
day next. The Common council will canvaHS ttio
cltv ticket and the Koard or Supervisors the county
ticket.
Kei orter? ir Mayor Rnlbflelsch had not run, do
you not think, Mr. Booth, tlmt you would have been
elected f
Mr. HonTir? several of tho democratic lea-tors
concede tnat I would Have beaten .Mr. 1'owell. There
is Mr. Kuril (pointing to a gentleman sitting In 1 1*.?
room), who can prooably tell you as much about the
eleuiion as 1 can.
STATEMENT OF AN INSPECTOR.
ThO reporter then accosted Air. M. C. Earll, who
was an Inspector of Election in tlio Filth district ol
the Twenty-first ward, und had a brief conversation
with him. Mr. Earll said:? I know the workings of
the canvass pretty well, and 1 do cay that, though 1
have heard men question the honesty of Air.
Powell and Mr. Kalbfleisch during tills can
vass, l have never heard anything reflecting upon
Mr. Booth, in uiy district Powell received
Kalbfleiscn ::oi and Booth 437 votes, and this in a
district slightly republ'can in majority. We polled
in one district *>u7 votes last year and ?^7 votes this
year. 1 never before saw such earnestness mani
fested in an election. 1 saw church members
actually come out to the polls and peddle tickets
all day? men who were never seen at such places
before. Democrats as well as republicans *ay that
tlio people will take this matter in hand, and If
they cannot g?t redress in any other wav they will
organize vigilance committees and tuke the law
Into their own hands. I believe that our wtioie city
and county ticket is elected by 4,&oy majority.
EX-ASSE.1IBIY.1I II W. W. GOODRICH.
A representative of the Hshaid yesterday met ex
Assemblyman W. W. Goodrich, the "lone star" of
the republican party of the Kings county delegation
in the House last year, and asked him wiiai he
knew concerning the alleged election frauds in
Brooklyn on Tuesday last. Ue replied, saying, "Weil,
sir, I will be most happy to tell you. We believe that
entire republican tickets of city aud county oMcers
have been elected here, and tho certificate or eleo
1 Hon has been detained rrom them through an or
ganized system of repeating and rrauds carried on
throughout all the river wards or cue city or Brook
lyn. liy the river wards I mean tho wards border
on the river front. Fraudulent votes have bcon
cast against the repnhiican candidate*, ?nd a nvs
torn of ballot ik?x (.tufting Inn be n resorted to to the
extent of about ri vo thousand votes.*'
Kutoktkk From which you argue
Mr. GooitRtou? That every one of the republican
candidate* Is elected. For instant, the iti.t|?>rlt t of
Seller, democrat, Tor Commissioner of Chari
ties, la Riven at l,? i.'>; 0. M. Kelt, repub
lican. for County Auditor, is beat on by only
788; Powell's majority for M lyor, an against
llooth, W (riven al 4,201. The majority against 1
lturrotm, republican candidate br Collector or
Taxes, was sw). The majority v O'Brien over
Hhaunnan, for City Auditor, driven at .1,09.', Ir we
can allow that 4,300 fraudulent votes have been rant
It Kill itiNuro the election of all the republican can
didates now reported an beaten. The Committee of
Five arc al work, actively engaged In deeming
testimony upon this matter. Why, my dear
Rtr, in tho First district of the Sixth
ward, tor Instance, not only wcro re
peaters at work voting all day, but
tho ballot box wan stuffed actually oefore
the voting commenced, before sunrise. An exami
nation oi the poll tint, now on flle In tho County
Clerk's otllco, shows that, flrsi, 800 nainca were
written in a clear, round, clerkly hand, and not iu
tho running way usual to au election. The
rent or the names aro In an entirely diffe
rent handwriting. The partiea whose names
arc written on the list, between 6oo and fioo,
arc ready to tesiiry tmu they dl<l not vote wilhlu
half an hour after the opening of the poll", giving
proof positive that their names were wrlileu itofore
the polls were open. Durinir tho dajr 1,328 votes wero
received in tills dliitrict. Now, we charge that It Is
a physical impossibility to ciiat that number of votes
during that time, even If voting was continuous,
which it was not. There are persons who
wero present during tho entire day at
this polling plaoe who stato that there
were lengthy Intervals when no voting was
going on there. Then, again, a resident of tho
Kleventh ward district, who was at a polling
place on Myrtle avenue, near Hudson, was standing
lu the line awaiting his turn to vote when lie ob
served some half a do/.cn repeaters standing in the
same line. Knowing tlieso men to be residents ot
New York ho asked them wh?t business they had
mere. They replied by saying, "What the hell bust*
lioss have you here "I reside In this district,
and have a legal right to vote here," whs the an
swer. "We live hero too," said tlio gaug; ami with
that they hustled the honest voter up to the poll ami
told him "to get ills vote lu and clear out." Ho
voted and the line was airain formed, and
the crowd got around him, so that It
was impossible to interfero with the re
peaters. This shows a regular sy>-tcm of
repeating, to keep people from seeing what was
going on. It shows an organization to protect re
peaters and to prevent holiest voters from luicrfcr
lug to atOP iraudiilcnt voting.
At another omtrlcl the police wcro requested by
citi/.cns to arrest repeaters, and they refused to do
It. lu tho case of Dennis Mcl'ali it was only af:er
much difficulty that Liiko Ryder succeeded tnettect
liig the arrest of that repeater, lie gavo his resi
dence as lu a house in the vicinity of the polls, un
der the assumed natim of Dennis Caluhan. In many
districts of the Fifth and Second wards the polling
places wero Inside of a small dark room, wln ro
those outside could not see tho ballot boxes. The
ballots were handed lu through a pane of glass,
where the buriy lorrn of a rough obscured the vision
of the boxes In which the voles wore to b doposiled.
At this juncture the interview was Interrupted by
the uppearauce ol .lii'igo Prult, who palmed Mr.
(Joodnch, aud, after the exchange of a few coin
monptnoisms, remarked, There is considerable of
a funeral going on here, I observe."
Mr. Goonaicn? Well, yes; there nas been a great
deal of cheating aud ballot box smiling in this elec
tion.
Judge Pkatt? Why, It does appear that there lias
been cheating, and It has been on botli sides, evi
dently.
Mr. (looi)Ktoit? Well, I am for smoking It out, no
matter what Hide It is on. I say, down with re
peating.
Judge Piiatt? Just ho; of course. Smoke It out.
In tiie Thirteenth ward is no;, the republican ma
jority unusually large -In cxcess or the average i
Mr. OoODitiotr? It is within one hundred or two
hundred in excess or last election, I believe. Jako
Bergen will not accept his election, 1 leel satlsllo l,
If im" Minis he has been uounicd in. The Judge here
withdrew..
lii:roi!TKR? Mr. Goodrich, were there not republi
can canvassers as well aS iUmiocrats t
Mr. (loonit u? <>h. yes; but fh'twa^JUV'M occurred
at district polls where there wa-s no roplWIean In
spector, or, li there was one, he proved lalHet^lll^
party and lits duty.
Hut what. I have told you only a sample of
What frauds have been committed. ami enough
is known to establish the tact or the cleciion
of many of the u'>ovo republican candidates lor
oillce. Urgent attempts will t>o made to secure au
honest canvass hereafter by luo next legis
lature. In ihfo inero was a compact be
tween Tweed aud the republican party in
the Legislature which was well understood
and endorsed by Tweed in a rpeccli delivorcd
In the .Senate in 1S71, by which, as a condition of
passing the New York charter, the election law
should remain tinchninrcd, uud tins compact was
broken t?y the democrats lu 1871 and the registry
law amended so as to prevent any person desiring
to procure an honest vote to become laminar with
the names on the registry list. The meeting wlii 'h
will be nefd to-night was not considered until yes
terday, and the success which will attend it w II
prove the earnestness of purpose animating flie
i community in this matter. As Mr. Muodrlsh had
nothing further to communicate upon this subject at
present tho representative of the Hkiiai.o wished
hliu good day aud withdrew.
IftlTEU STATES ASSESSOR JOIKDAV.
General Jourdan, the United States Assessor, was I
called upon by a IIkkald reporter yesterday and
asked to give tils views oil ttic situation.
"l believe you republicans charge the democrats J
of tnts city wltli having 'Bluffed' tho ballot-boxes in
nearly every district during the elociiou on Tuesday
last. Have you proof positive that tliey did so, or
is it merely heresay
"Wo have the most undeniatilo proof that they
not only ?stuffed' the ballot boxes, but that tliey
perpetrated frauds of almost every kind. They
kept gangs of roughs about the polling places, who
mado it their business to Inilmldale republican
voters In every wav possible, and when they could
Dot do this, to forcibly eject them Irom the booths
when they persisted in carrying out their right to
cast their ballots; tliey gave up the boxes to tins
same gang to deposit as many votes us they saw lit;
they reiuscd to canvass the ballots as required by
law, and tn some cases did not canvass than at all
until the morning after election; and? well, in
fact, they did just as they pleased. And we not
only make these ciiargea against Hu m, but we will I
prove them in the courts, as you will noon see." I
"Where do you get your proof of these things
having been done?"
"From respectable citizens all over the city. Tiicre
is a committee in this very buUlnm now taxing
testimony from persons who saw these things of
which 1 have told you perpetrated, and every wori
of this testiiLony is being sworn to. besides what
citlzeni come hero voluntarily and swear to, we
have other proor equally as strong ami as undents- j
bie. For instance:? Tho Filth ward, which is and I
has been for years solidly built up, and there/ore i
allows no chance lor a marked increase In popu- 1
lution, returns 1, soo more voles at this eiec- j
tlou than It did at the last, wni:e the
Twentieth ward, which contains a urge jiuruoer of
vacant lots, which are constantly being built oil, I
shows an increase of but 14o votes. In a district of j
the Twelfth ward, where there wore three demo
craiio inspectors, the ballot boxes were placed on a
stand as hiirh us a man's head, and when a bailot
was handed iu there was no chanco for tlrj person
depositing it to see wli.il was done with it? wiiether I
it was put In the boxes or not. iu i lie lower por-
tlon ol the Twenty-second ward Alderman Rich
ardson challenged a gang of seven nieu whom he
knew to be repeaters, and forthwith the gang of 1
rougns in attendance, assisted by tiie police, hustled
bun out of the building."
'?I believe vou said that in some eases the In
spectors abandoned the boxes?"
"Yes, sir, 1 did. In the sixth district of the four
teenth waru the inspectors, nil ol whom were demo
crats, abandoned their boxes Tor nearly two hours.
The police on duty reported the fact to Police Head
quarters and asked ior lustruc lon.s, and Uiev were
directed to take charge of them; but lusi as they
got back and were about to do so the inspectors re
turned. On their return they commenced canvass
ing the ballots, without first counting them to see
If they corr sponded with the number of names on
the poll books."
??Have you proof that thera was any vlole^ce
use.! towards republican voters in atiy cf tho w ?rcH,
ov tiiat any ol them were prevented depositing moil
votes by intimidation of any kiudV"
"Mos*, assuredly we nave. We can o;d,i Wni prove
by several witness that at the pol># situated at the
coruer of Baitic and Nevlns sir? its a colored man
who persisted in depositing af straiant republican
ticket had a handful of luitir thrown In his face,
alter which he was strucV |U me i4C0 |,j oue 0f t)10
attendant roughs; and that three colored men who
attended him, seeing the treatment lie had received,
hurriedly leit without votiug."
"1 nave heard n said, General, that In some of tho
wards the polling places were situated iti such posi
tlons that a respectable inau could not very well
reach them. Is tills true f"
"It is. in the sixth ward, for Instance, which Is
bounded bv Atlantic avenue, Hamilton avenue,
Court and Degraw streets, and the uiuicr portion of
which claims as respectable people as anv other
ward In the city, the polling places were all situated
in Colombia street?one of tho most disreputable
localities in the city. Why could not somo or these
polls have been situated In Henry street, winch is
exactly In the centre of the ward and
wliero respectable persons live? Colombia
Street is at the extreme lower end of
me ward and abounds In aluiihops aud blttckzuards, j
*ni ta.?t Tuesday It wis almosr tin much ns a repnh.
Mean's head w,n fi b" found wiilnri its riro
fin. t?. Again, Iii one of urn districts oi km Firm
ward? the fr iMt <11*11 let, I believe? tuo polls were
situa'cd in A ti iiit t tc siren t, near tho ferry. About
tt'i hour before snndown I had ncca?loii to vwit this
noil, iiri<I J touii'i them an immense or?? I of the
Iowm! characters of ihe ntv, who effectually
blocked up tuo enti lure 10 tho building. I tried to
get inside, but could not iIoho, ami while nr"Mecnt
iiij.r my etforts in tnat direction i w n ingulfed initio
mull outrageous manne r. Ti!<* object <?f this ging's
blocking up iiii* entrance was lo prevent repunli*
runs netting lusi<l>? before sundown, uu<I they suc
ceeded most admirably."
"V eil, (IciM'rat, in ih? lanpua<re of one f>f the
Tammany bravc,si, *\V li.u are you going to do about
Itr
"Wo propose to adopt every possible method
known to I tin law to liav> certifleat' s given to t no
proper persons. We Hliall appeal lo the courts and
try to bring every one of tui* purlieu implicated In
these irauds mid outrages to Justice, anil that speed
ily. Hi wlioli* mutter will lie tlio subject of most
j vigorous prosecutmu."
DISTRICT \rroilVl,V B. F. TRACY*
United States District Attorney B, P. Tracy wan
found in his offlco about two o'clock yesterday after*
noon ny a representative or in.- Hbkai.d. Mr. Tracy
antu'iinred himself very happy to give Ins views on
the election nnd retorui questions.
"It continences to lo ik as though you were going
to have a rather lively time or it over here, Mr.
Tracy," remarked the reporter. "I)o you think you
will bo able to Drove all you charge against the
democracy in this election business/
"Well, we uro going to have a lively time of it,
and wo will prove every single charge we hav?
mado against tho set of scoundrola who are ruling
this city. Why, last year there were 00,000 votes
cant in this county, and. If you remember, that was
considered a largo return, and so It was, too, for
that was an exciting canvass, and now this year we
are told that 70,000 wero cast. It Is not even alleged
that republicans have repeated, and tnc demo?
cratlo cauvussers allow them from '.20,000 to
32,000 votes. We claim that there were not
more than 88,000 legal voles cast m this county)
thercforo every candidate on tho republican ticket
Is elecieii. In every democratic ward where re
publicans wore not protected by tlio police? and the
police protected republicans very Utile, I assure
you? gangtof ton or twelve repeaters travelled lrom
dlstrlc*. to district and voted all day. Last yeul
there wero 1,300 votes cast In tlio Sccuud ward, and
this year the democratic cans assets make It appear
that, there nave been 51,210 cast, an Increase of
seventy per cent. The Filth ward returns i.tjno
more votes this year than last. The hlxtli and
Twellth words have douo tho same tiling, making
more than four thousand o-ira voir* in thcie wan in
alone. In liono of tne republican wards has
tno Increase been mare than rive to eight per cent.
In one district Of tho ward the inspectors, allot
whom were democrats, roluaed to canvass tliy
Assembly ticket box until tlio next morning; '.ben
thev knew jusi. how many votes fiey wanted to
elect their caudldate? 130 were put In. Now, does
It stand to reason that 130 rnon voted the Assembly
ticket to none other? In the First district of tho
Hixt.li ward there were polled 1.31'.# votes? 1,1 j'J
democratic ami 107 republican. Now, tins was al tlio
rate of two votes per minute, each man
voting olglit ti Itets, 'Hiring tho timo thu
poll was open. Now, we will show
by persons who wero there that It was uot crowded
at any tune, and that Intervals oi several niiuut'S
elapsed when there wero nol? any votos east. Wo
will also prove that there wero 5;n> nuiu< s nut on tlio
books before the poils were opened. All ol the.-o
600 names were written in one liuiid and all voted
the lull ticket. Alter these 000 names tho hand
writing on flie noil list changes and tho succeeding
inoti ?lo not vote? all of ilieni--tlio full ticket. Ouo
man tells me that lie was at the noil as soon as It
opened and voted at once, and now his name
appears on the poll book as tuo fii! th voter."
"Well, Mr. Tracy, you said, I believe, mat tho
police force did not render any protcctloa lo tno
republican voters
"Vcs, sir, ihuuIso. Tliev not, only did not render
any protection to republicans, but ihey did in some
cases assist the repeaters. Alderman Wfe km, of tint
Twenty-first ward, says lio saw a man vote in bis
own district and then get into a carriage wllli <au
tatn McLauguiuD, ??i ihe police rorce, and drive in o
another district and voie thoro."
"11 you contest this election, Mr. Tracy, do you
think you will gam your point? that is, do yoti
think von will succeed in having the cortlilcato
given to the republican candidates V"
"Vou may be sure we will, and not only that, but
7f|i Mil lirlnir every one of these repeaters and ballot
Inn lihiiTpftj toltliir'li'n We will make inn the dear
est job lor them ftujfcver uudertook.
l\Vi;STIGAriO* OF^btCT,ov FRAUDS.
The Republican Special ConnuUt''?ft^^y"*"^:i"
election frauds 111 Kings county met
morning, at No. 3s Court Htrcet, and In time pnJV
ceeded to business, going into executive session,
and none but witnesses were allowed to stand In
the presence or Hie committee, a mi but one at u
time. Alderman Weekos, of the Twenty-llrst waru,
wan one of the witnesses. We stated, liefore being
summoned Mjr ii<; committee, tuut wo returns of
i the Fourth district, J vveiily-liruL waul, lu<l imeit
curried on by some iinktio.iu pers ns. further iu
1 tiiilry about. r lie missing returns proved tuo
Alderman to bo correct. The returns wera
siolen irom trio city dork's oillco wlnic one of
the republican inspectors or the district n imod was
hunting lor sealing-wax to more properly securo
tlie precious package. Tito Aldermmi further
stated that lie couiij bring pruol ilia', policeman
Larry McCann, m the Haute district polling place,
threw a luiudlul of tickets among tlie bal.ois being
counted. Grave charges were made aira lust a lew
ol the police, Scryeaut Cameron was an oilcndiiig
party In the following incident:
A colored man came io the Sixth district, Twenty
flrsi w in!, to vote. Ills rofltdSBCQ Waa calicd (Of
and liu gave the information required. Tno man
Who owneil the house In which the colored voter
11 veil vouched for iho truih of his sihUmii nt. Ser
geant Cameron, who was peddling tickets, turned
to 0110 01 tils men and s.ild, "l'.itle this uiau to tlio
station house and lock htm up." lie was taken
away limn the* poll** aud did not deposit his vote.
On speaking to ill sergeant of the outrage If re
plied, "l will take all chances ior my party." 114
Is a democrat. The other oiilcera acted in a like
manner.
THE elcctioj in Jj;fir,;;y cirv.
A (Inndlilate A l?i? nllii': Irani llio II illol llox<*
XryliiK i? Swear In u lit lenii'il Ifeino.-rwt.
The regular democratic candidate for "?ii Second
Assembly district of Hudson county, N. J., com
prising a large section or Jersey City, was Denis
Kcardon. The district l i almost exclusively nemo,
cratic, so that Heardon was destined to have a
"walk over,'' till auother democrat, Patrick Slice
ran, a resident of tlv Sixth district, lulling that Ul
was not appreciated by his neighbor*, moved
Into the district and had himself norm
nated against Heardon. Although denonncod
as an Ignorant and incompetent person bv the Irish
Democratic I'nloti lu several manifestoc. lie per
sisted in appealing to the ballot box. and Hie people
decided in a very significant matiner on election
dav, as they decided a year ago, that lie should noc
represent tnem. Hut Slieerau, smarting under two
snccsive defeats, appeals Irom the ver l;Ct of the
people, ami is endeavoring to reacn Trenton by
some other method. He drummed up over ona
hundred recruits, ea' n ol whom made an aDMavit
that lie voted lor sheernn m a certain prccluct,
where, ills alleged, the inspectors did not allow lum
over naif that number of votes. There lias been
more swearing in Justico Chaiiibers' ofllce, in Jer
sey city during iho past two days than has ever
been witnessed there during the same space ol Mr,|&
'Ihe serious partol the buslues* is that so',ieo(
the unfortunate dupes who touched the pen to at
test "tils mark'' are rendering thetnseive^ "amen
able to the law, according to the allegations of Mr.
Heardon, who will bring the several eases before
the crand Jury. It appears that man or the swear
ers who believe that they voted or Sheer, m ana
who could not rea l, actually v ole,j for iteardon.
and aftldavlta to tills eirect will D). ma,|0. xno elec
tion or Mr. Heardon was ial;-ntid decisive, ami the
manner in which it Is attc<mj,?,? ,0 alter lh0 re8un
may bring serious troub on the heads of many.
ANOTHER CilANr,; roR AN ALLEGED MUR*
DERI1R.
In the Si'^reme Court at Trenton, N. J., yesterday,
the cal> of Ward, convictcd of the murder ol an
old .rt.,11 named Wa ley, in cioucester city, Camden
county. was taken up. The prisoner was foutul
auiUy on circumstantial evidence before Judge
Wooilhull. A siav of proceedings was granted, anj
his counsel moved for a new trial. Ihe Court, alteP
a review ol ttie evidence, gi anted the motion.
PUEL FOR THB YORKVILLE POLICE COURT.
The Yorkvllio Police Court is at present much ltl
need ol being heated, but it seciuH impossible to get
any luel from the authorities. The consequence la
thai the magistrates (Hixby and Coulter) are com
pelled to hear uo complaints for warrants, and oulf
entertain business coming directly irom i tie police
stations. Fighting and quarrelling is therefore the
order ol the Usr the Fourth Judicial district,
lluw loug is It to eonHuue._
ROLLING OFF THE SUOAR.
A man with nn unpronounceable name, spelled
Victor Tacrine, living at No. 129 Clinton street, ha<1
acartloa^ ol sugar to deliver on Thursday last, at
six o'clock In the evenlnr. lie stopped with It m
Irontof No. 17 Kivmgton street. Tschno went In to
see sonieb 'dv and John Connors rolled a 1 arrel oil
ihe cart onieer i.ainani saw Connors and rolled
hi ll o f to the station house. 11 was arraigned be
fore Judge Scott, ut Kmjx M i-k t, y-sterday, ana
committed and r $joo bull*