plish it they will deasrve not only the glory of the suc:
cess, Dut all the rewards which just, generous, and
grateful people can confer. The Democratic party will
rejoice to aid any of the Republicans who shall volunteer
fn this patriotic service with their whole power. That it
pay be great an effectual it is necessary that they shall
put down all strife among their own aspirants, inducing
all of them to embrace under a self-denying ordinance, res
solving to do everything for the cause—nothing for them
sslves. Thoy will thus weld the party into a Macedonian
phalanx, to split the honest and genuine Republican lov
ars of the Constitution from the nsurpers freabooters
who pervert the Government to the purposes of amntion
ae corrupt avarice, and destroy tho liberties of the peo:
ple.

A
—_
To be worth anyihiag as an ally, it is indispensable
that the Democracy should maintain its organization
and add the most effective discipline to develop its
power. Freep from all Er motives, going
into the conflict under the instinct and impulse of patriot
isin alone, its orators aud leaders would arise from the
earth Ike Auteus 10 exert a giant's strength, Very ne
_speotfully yours, MONTGOMERY BLAIR.
Wo ination. Dee. S. 1871.
THE POLICE PORCE AND MR. ACTON.
etl
To the Editor of The JTHOTWT
ser: I observe that toward the close of the
long aud interesting local ar’ le on the police system,
in your eolumns, this morning, the writer indulges
in elaborate eulogy of Mr. Thovus C. Acton, sug
gesting that if an overwhelwiug public pressure
were brought to bear upon him, he nught be induced
to forego his well-known relucti ce 10 office, and
undertake again the management of our police force.
1 beg to say, on bebalf of a very large portion of
the public, that uo such overs helming pressure is likely
to come from the people. Ihave no desire to raise a dis
cussion as to Mr. Acton's career, whether as Police Coin
missioner or as a politician then and since in this city,
and if Mr. Acton’s friends are wise they will not provoke
it: but 1 beg to say that, if his alleged determination to
comuin oat of office depends upon an overwhelming pub
J demand for its reconsideration, he may allow his
mind to remai ot perfect rest, ag he will lave no occa
lon TOF NEAsiNess, Very respectfully,
ee ee A
New York, Dec. 8, BL. Rirorvl Kk.
I——
POAILYTTYIOCAL NOS
I'he Revublicans of Newburyport, Mos have
oonasted Capt. Robert Couch for Man on
Mayor Kent of Charlestown, Miss, Hie been
an nnmonsly renominated by a comunttee donning bis
wrthorite from the Republican snd Democratic City
Coulton! Committees,
The Hlinois Houge of Representatives Ves
today passed a bill giving power to the United States
Governinent to condemn land in Chicago for public
puddings. There were only four opposing votes.
The German Reform organization of the
Yleventh Ward has elected the following delegates to
the German Central Reform Committee: George Wane
del, bonis Kurz, Henry Klein, Jacob Bishop, snd Chris
tian Sutter. About 300 wembers hay e been enrolled,
The German Reform Association of the
Fichth As<embly District completed {ts orgauization
ant nicht by the election of Franz Frey, Treasurer, and
the pollowivig delezates to the German Central Beforin
Committe: Win. Gellman, Col, 8 oogos August Koel,
Ur Carl stein, Mjor bred and Ferdinaud Appel,
The Tav-pavers' Assocation of Westchestior
Tus passed a resolution requesting the Board of super:
Visors to dustruct the Senator aud Representative from
that county to urge the repeal of the Low pining the It
Caner Disttiod of Westelioster Conuty under the New
York Departue ut of Public Park,
Gov. Walker of Virginia, in his denuncia
tions of the legislation of Congress, says the citizens of
the South are arrested by thousands without a warrant
of the Vow, and driven to prison Hke cattle to the sha
lew The foundation for this st ptement i= the arrest of
te Rohan of monih Carolina of wham only 168 are now
fo priser ant dhese arc having ther teinl in the United
sates Court, with sole counsel to defend thom,
fhe Albany Argus has the following re
mum kate statement in relation to the polite al status of
Gov, Hoan: “We have no doutt that Gov. Hoffman
sees that the exigeney of the honr isto arrest national
orrnption and to avert the threatened destrnetion of
our Government, And when the (Areneng Post reporter
«vs that “he 18 ready to act with Horace Greeley, Carl
sc hinry, and Charles Samper, in forming a party on the
basis of national reform, a strict contraction of the Con
at tation and the supremacy of the civil aver the military
poten, he docs nol misrepresent his opinsons and pure
pos
lhe Doston Journal hears of Litter com
plaints against the extortion practiced for a few yeni
past by tiie Repubifean Ward and City Committee of that
city. Tt mye: “There is no reason why candidates
stiould be called Bpog to buy for diuners or MERIR, In
somié tustances ofliclals Lave been assessed in sis be
yond wll reason, Iie the duty of candidates who do not
Wish to soe Boston follow in the wake of New-York to ve
vuse contributions which tend toward corenption, It
will surprise many gentlemen who have served in years
past on this committee to bea that such tee is new
suade of money ratsed for political purposes.”


Well, here is some common sense in the ap
potutment of a postmaster. In the town of Weoster,
Muss, it was a vexed question whether the postmaster
should be tarned out, or Kept in hip place. Accordinzs to
the present policy, the right of nowivation wasin the
Hou Geo. F. Hoar, M. C., who usked tie Repoblicans of
Wehster to hold a meeting and take a vote on the subjeet,
Al tis teeing, there were 10 voles foi nn change and 162
against 1h, so (hat the ncambeni will stay in the place,
backed up by the approval of a part at least of his fellow
Ouzens Asa general Tule, those who use a post-office
a0 Wie be 1 fndges of the guaniitications of the postmaster;
wnd if he be careless, inattentive, impericns, and diso
Waging, those who suffer froin hia faults onzht to have
sole weans of redress, But, generally, no matter how
badly an oflice may do its business, the people have only
to rin and bear it,


Mayor Richmond, who has just heen elected
Siyor of New-Bedford, on the Prohibition issue, ad
dressed a meeting of is friends as follows: “I remem
ber (ha! fast year many said that the prosperity and the
Mismens 0F Sew-Bodiord cond not exist unless ram wis
sod, That =<tory hus become annihilated, Look throngh
ent ety io-day, and independent of the whallng futerc-sf,
New Bedford can live upon its manufacturing interests,
aid ix doing it. ‘The people who go up ad down our
areeta pre well fed, well clothed, and happy, onrmasuu
facturing interests make them so. No fonger than
week apo committee came to me from Loon to ask
about ¢tablishing a waunfacturing interest here. They
want to come because thoy ean get a better class ol
ahorers hore than in oiber cities, Jt this cause of
wmpernnce advance here, and in on few years a large
manintact uring interest wiil be built w. in this eity. You
sever can moke the people of New-Bedford believe agaiu
iat Pune <elling is necessary 10 our prosperity.”
a
Nobody publishes the information that Julins
“esar is dead; apd why should the Hon, George H
Parker, a prominent Democrat of Towa," print a card
w okay that “the Democratic party, ie al org duzation,
sn dead,” when everybody knows that it is uot ouly dead,
Car wn organization,” but dead every other way intel
wetually, physically, morally, and spirit@ally What
the Mon. George H, Parker goes fn for, however, is “a
rexttrrect, on.” The “old orgonizateon’ must be aban.
donned in 1872: and seeing that itis dead now aud what it
will Ie then, we do not think that anybody with the ordi
tary son of sell will need mach urging to abandorn it.
“We must,” says Mr. Parker, become an integral por
ton of u new party.” Thos bissts whatever hopes we
may have had of taking to our hosoms repentant Den
wists." ‘There in, it aces, to be a new party, all fresh
and spiek “ud-spiu nor are we assured that pepentant
and regenerated Republicans will be Jet intoit at all. Mr.
F. appears (o labor under the old dejusion tha! a tine,
uew, pov erful, victorious party can Iw cxtemporized hy
Buy body, any morning before breakfaal.

The remains of Alexandre Dumas are to be
iran ported this month from Villers-Cotterets to Paris
fur interne nt in the Pore La Chuise,
passed over the Mayor's veto. About this time the revola
I on, aud Mr. Tweed refrained froin ordering the pavement
to be laid. The Company were assured, however, that
Who cannot sympathize with that Western
Jonrnali<i ho wrote, on the receipt of the recent tele
gram that no news had heen received of Livingstone:
“We huye got to that pitch now that no news of Living
Mone is good news 1”

the present bluster should blow over.” They begin,
however, to doubt whether the contract will ever be
Ctoitthed, and dnd themselves losers to the extent of
I YUXETTS
The Hon. James Monroe, who was sent as
Minister to Brazil by President Lincoln, is now Repre.
sentative in Congress, and has been iu his Line pastor
and professor ut Oberlin, Ohio.

If silence is golden, the National Senate this
year may be a wint of sutielent abundance to pay the
debt, for, weidefsevernl other non-speakers, here is the
new Gourgia Senator Norwood, who discreetly confesses
Hl Nugri Jialing. letter-writing, and newapaper urti
ane othe Routh. und resolutely avows bis
The Journal de Bordeaus announces the death,
at the Clidlenu de la Bréde, of M. Charles Louis Prosper
w Secon de Montesquieu, a descendant of the author
d he *Fpri i OTH
It stat
y u plat won to iin tat fle
of of extictisly curious documents, des
plete the work of Lis illustrious ReBLs) Le 3, 19-400
AN UNFORTUNATE WITN x4
fa tA addtae af Rs Tur
Sik: 1 have been detained in Ludlow-st. Jail
as 4 witness in the case of the mutiny ou the brig J. L
Howe since June 7. My ball has been fixed at $200,
am a foreigner and stranger In this eity and canpot get
(bat or ayy other amount of ball. Witnesses detalned
here are allowed $1 60 per day: 0 of this is paid to the
witasescs, the other 50 cuts I paid for our eR Lere,
Tula aionot is not enough for cven a single way, und
That 4 ish ik 8 fainily It becomes a hardship, Eines
3 luexe bow bere (aver t ovat) 3 Jive received $40
support faauuly Faifierent tines ($10
exch time). Nov. 6 sent 1] Ne District-Attorney for
$30; 1 have not yet received wuy nnswer. Nov, 03 1 pent
tw Commissioner Davenport for my release on my own
recognizance, but got no unswer. At thut time 1 {ud an
offer of 8 good ’itvation which would buye Cabled ae
Lo sapport ad (embly 10 ectnbily non im db 54
Wuech I want of ono, eed aot tive an Jd adiow
sce, Mabini Goss,
Ludtaw x! Jol Dhoe 0m)
PELSON AL.

ONNOLLY'S ATTEMPTED COMPROMISE.
CONNOLLY'S ATTEMPTED COMPROMISE.
COMMODORE GARRISON AS A MEDIATOR—AN
OFFER TO RESTORE $1,000,000 CHARLES
O'CONOR'S FIRMNESS PREVENTS THE AR
RANGEMENT.
Ex-Controller Richard B. Connolly, tired of
the irksome custody of the Sheriff and fearful that he
wonld meet with the fate that despoilers of the publie
treasury merit, made an attempt, last week, to com
promise with justice, but so secretly were the negotia
tions conducted that, with the exception of what was
published in TRE TRIBUNE of last Saturday, none of the
facts were discovered. The circumstances are briefly
as follows: Some weeks since Commodore C. K.
Garrison was offered William M. Tweed’s magnificent
residence in the upper part of the city at $100,000 less
than ity real value, but upon mentioning the fact to his
wife, shé replied that she would not Jive fn the house if
it was given to her for nothing. A fow days later, while
Coumodore Garrison was in the office of Miller, Stofitene
burgh Peckham, the last named of whom is the attor
ney in the Ring prosecution, a brother of Andrew J. Gar
vey entered, and offered to sell Toertain real estate at
aliout half its true valse. Commodore Garrison
expressed his astonishment, and asked why these men
who had defrauded the Treasury did not make at least a
reasonable restitution, and not sacrifice their property in
so wild 2 manner. After cogitating for a moment, Gurri
son added that he thought they would make restitution
to cicupe punishment; he believed that Tweed would
wite a million aud half, and that he (Garrison) conld
get a million from Connolly. This conversation occurred
onl Wednesday, the 20th of November, aud Garrison's
views being presented to Wheeler H. Peckham, he
favored them, and conveyed them to Charles O'Conor.
On the same day, while at the Manhattan Club, (iarrison
received a message from Connolly, who was about to be
transferred from the New-York Hotel to Ludlow st. Jail,
Vrocacding to Connolly's apartments at the
Lotel, aud instinctively knowing why he Thad
heen sent for, Garrison exclaimed, “It's no use,
Dick. 1 can't go your bail,” Garrison then asked why
Comnoily did not give up the money, as he well knew he
Lid stolen it. In the course of the conversation that en
sed, Garrison urged upon Connolly to make restitution
to the amount of $1,000,000. Connolly said that he had
no money. or property in his name, as it all stood in the
nine of Lis wife. Mra. Counolly, who bad been the
ahlest coadjutor of her husband throughout his embar
yassinent, was apprised of the state of affairs, and wil
ling'y agreed to surrender $1,000,000 to secure her hus
bared iwmnnity from further prosecution.





Matters appeared to be on the verge of settlement, but
an obstacle appeared in the shape of a communicgtion
from (harles O'Conor, 10 the effect that the only ar
ravgement to which he would consent would he the
assent of the property to responsible fudividuals to
aw.it the decision in the suit now pending. In the event
of the smit being declded against Connoliy, the property
Was 10 be used in the liquidation of the judgment but if
pot =o decided, the property was to revert to Connolly.
Accompanyiug the communication was a list of Connol
11's property which O'Connor desired ardigned. Con
neliy, in addition, was to reveal the complicity of his
late Ring colleagues in the frands, and, in fact, make a
tLorviugh confession.



This decision was discouraging to the Connollys, bat
Mi. Connolly sent for Commodore Garrison, and having
wformed him of the situation, said she would do as he
conuseled. Commodore Garrison advised Irer to relin
Qiisli £1,000,000, but no more.
On Friday evening two carriage-loads of Connolly's
friends went to Charles O'Conor’s residence on Wash
fuston Heights, Among them were Mrs, Connolly and
Ler son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mra. Robert C.
Hutchings, They remained at O'Conor's residence for
sore time, hut fafled to effect anything, ns O'Conor was
very firm and dechued to accede to their wishes, which
were sustained by the argument tiat Connolly was not
we vich as was generally supposed, having been obliged
to pay large amounts of money to his numerous ad
berenis, and for the passage of the city charter unde
which the Ring operated. They returned to the city
very much discouraged, for if O’Conor had agrecd to
thelr proposition, Connolly was to have Iaken pazenst
on the steamship Missouri, which sailed on Thursday last
for Havana, Mr. O’'Counor has expressed the opinion
th the evidence will certainly conviet Connolly, ard
tht the people wall recover the full amount they claw,
[HOMAS C. FIELDS'S BAIL.
Thomas Ficlds appeared before Judge
Cordozo in Supreme Court Chatabers, vesterday, accom
panied by Hawley D. Clapp, one of his bondsmen, and
rald that Mr. Clapp was ready to justify, but inasmuch
Win. Fiorence, the other surety, was unwell, and it
wand he better that both should justify at once, he de
sired the matter to bo adjourned till Mr, Florence recov
cred sufticiently to be able to attend, Judge Cardozo said
Le doubted whether he kad the power to order an adjouin
ent. as the case was not in his district, but if the Attor
nis -Ceneral would consent, he wonld so order. Astle
consent of the Attorney-General would have had the
fleet of relieving the Sheriff and throwing the Tucan).
bility upon himself, Mr. Peckham, who represcute him,
declined to consent, but said he would offer no oppoRi
tion to an adjournment. ‘The matter was thereupon ad
journed to Friday next.


I




RESIGNATION OF WM. M. TWLED, JI.

Win. M. Tweed, jr., Assistant DistrictAttor
ney, bas tendered his resignation, to tike effect Jan. 1.
1 ix understood that the position has been offered to
Jol D. Townsend, a prominent criminal lawyer,
HOW A PAVEMENT COMPANY WAS VICTIMIZED
i
KY THL COMMON COUNCIL.
The Stone Cement Pavement Company, pro
preter of a pavement similar in gome respects to that
Void in the City Hall Parksabmitted, o n the 10th of June
Lot, proposal to the Common Council to pave some of
the np-town streets with their concrete. They bad pre
viously prevailed upon some of the property-owncers in
the streets in gnestion to petition the Council to order
this pavement lafd. After the petition had lain for
come time annoticed by the Council, 8 promiucat
Alderman, who was interested in the pavement, pro
posed to the members of the Company that they shonld
allow the Ring $1 per square yard, on condition that the
Council should puss the ordinance ordering the laying of
the pavement, The members of the Aldermanic Ring
poveed to the terms, but insisted that the money should
be pald in advance, and a messenger was digpatched to
the officers of the Stone Concrete Company to inform
them of this requirement. After a consultation the pro
prietors of the pavement refused to pay the full amount
in savaLce, as contingencies might arise which would
prevent the laying of the pavewent, und they
would have expended the money to 10 purpose. They
sated thelr willingness however, to pay part of the
money in advance and the remainder when the pave
ment whould have been uid. The messenger reported
their views to the Ring and returned with this final pro
position. The Council would ngree to pass an ordiunuce
to lay 12,000 square yards of the pavement oh condition
that $10,000 ehionld be pmd to thew in advance, They
would further agree in” case the Mayor should veto the
measnre to pass it over his veto go as to assure the lay
mg of the pavement. The messenger who delivered this
proposition alko made the astounding statement that the
regnlar price tor ordering pavements to be laid was
per square yard, ond in the cave of wooden parements the
Common Council had never ordered a solitary Porement
to be laid where that amount had not been paid them as
consideration,
i



C
fhe Coanpany accepted the proposition, and paid over
Phe S100 Ihe measule was daly passed, but was
vitocd by the as was
CONTROLLER GREEN'S PROGRAMME OF REFORM.
Controller Green sent, yesterday, the follow
ing cirenlar to the heads of the various Departments:


With the view of providing for the expenses necessary
to carry on the City and County Government for the
year 1872, yon are respectfully requested to furnish to
this Department, at your earliest couvenience, a detailed
e~timate of the sums required for the eflicient mainte
nance of your Department for the eusuing year, com
wencing with Jan. 1, 1872,
Iu these estimates, will you Risace ingert in detall the
names and residences of all officers, clerks, and others,
fn the Siploy of your Department, with the sularies
and duties of ench, and a reference to the law or ordi
pance defining the duties or fixing the salaries. Expen
dituros other than salaries should be given as much in
detail as the circumstances will permit. It is earnestly
recommended that, in Making these estimates, all ex
yenaes bo lwited fo tho least amount consistent with
Bie (ficient administration of your Department.
Yours, very respectfully,
A. H. GrErx, Controller.
Controller Green denies the statement that he has yet
requested ull or uny of the oflicers of the Finance De
partment to resigo. He says, however, that he expects
to Lring about u prompt abolition of the County Du
peau und to consolidate the Finance Department into
one office ond that the most agreeable way to do this
will be for certain officials to resign when the proper
time comes. Mr. Green states that it is his intention to
get rid of the duplex and expensive form of govern
ment in the Controller's ofiice.”

THE LOWLING-=GREEN BAVINGH BANK i IITY
PER CENT DIVIDEND

Slplerd  F. Keapp, Recover or the
Bowhin. ser cn Kavings Boi, bas wads sod to ike Mom
Julian Me Weie, da tice Bwana ogan, and the Fon
lug me gel: of the os PT Cowden, a Conawnlil


TAMMANY'S MISFORTUNES.
MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS.
Pp
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. SATURDAY, 0%CEMBER 9, 1871.
cation stating that ho has made an arrangement with a
reputable hanking-house to take the bonds and mort
Kkages held oy the Bowllng-green Bank. The examina
tion of the titles to the Ha ootate Mortgages will nerves.
warily require considerable time, but Receiver Kuapp
thinks that there is not much doubt that he will be ab
on or before Jan. 1, to declare a dividend of £0 ner cent.
TATE BROOKLYN ELECTION FRAUDS.
BU
hr
TRIAL OF THE BIXTH WARD INSPECTORS—TESTI
MONY OF THE PRISONERS.
The trial of Michael J. Weldon, Thomas
McGiff, and John Bbanley, Inspectors and Canvassers of
the 1st District of the Bixth Ward of Brooklyn, for
alleged falso counting and ballot-box-stufling, was con
tinued yesterday in the Criminal branch of the City
Court, before Judge McCue. James Halsoy of No. 136
Pacific-st., Joseph Zeiglor of No. 93 Atlantic ave., H. R.
Zoning, and Michael Noonan of No. 182 Atlantic-st.,
whose namas Appeared on the poll-lista afte
fraudulent votes, testified that the had Ry Wp
y voted soon after
sunrise. The defense was then opened
Mychgel ob de. glerk in the New-York Custom-Flonss, and residing
at No. 57 ull-st., testified: I acted as Inspector of Kiection st the
Ist District of the Bixth Ward; 1 sat there a little after 6; Mr. McKenna
was lighting the fire; I went roand to Mr. Donohue's house in Amity-st.,
and when I got back tle pulls were opened; I could not tall the exact
minute got back; on the boxes in Bont of me there were no glasses
visible, but those in front of Mr. McGIf had the glasses visible; I went
round to the end box, and saw tbat there were no more tickets In is than
could have been vuied; on two occasions I ealled Mr. Packard to stand
by the window and sec that there was nothing wrong; I never knew Mr.
Shanley hefire the day of election; T was present at the canvassing of
the voles; the room was full; all the Inspectors assisted in the canvass;
there were over 1.700 votes. the Democratic votes beiug over 1,100; ne
votes were counted except those which came oat of the hay aod saw
no tickets put into the hoxes excapt those handed to the Inspectors.
Cross-exsmiuation by Mr. Morris: coubl not be deiuite as to the
nuwbher of people there when I Kot back iu the morning; I did not see
anything Sipeion, but 1 thought there was a littie repeating. and think
1 challenged five or six, and they would pot swear in, bat
went away; Mr. McGif was in front of the window and took
the tickets: Le Is pretty stout man, and covered two boxes;
1 sew a great many range faces there taore thas had aren At previons
elections; the wins was taken out of the door where the tickets were
taken ont hy the Inpactors; one rane, quite a large one, was taken out:
the door was about vig feet wide, but all the boxes could not be placed
on a line in front of the lasses, I don't ksow bow many boxes could be
seen from the ontside; I looked in the end hoxes to pes how many tickets
were Ip and what bad been done; it did not strike me as being strange
that son.e of the glass sides were not placed outward; 1 do not i pe
two of the aides sre of glass; what Mr. Camphell i anlded to me, and 1
signed, pro otted to be a roster of voters or a poli list; I did not examine
it; 1 bad .o idea what nunber of votes I had taken in.
James Donne, Alderman of the Sixth Ward, testified that he acted an
poll-elerk during the afernoon, and had pot written down any names
that were rot called ont be the Inspector,
Thomas McGiff testified: I got to the polling place ahont 6} o'clock,
and found Dunne and McKenna there; the ballot boxes were placed in
position: those in front were visible, but the other« could not he seen,
cause Lhe window was not wide enough; the glass sides of tle fone
center boxes were turned ont during tie Gen, Meltiet lan campaign thers
were 1,004 votes polled in that district; that was under the Registry law,
when each m n'a peme had to be hanted up on the registry.
Michael J. Shanley testified: The voting was brisk all the day; at ths
closing of the exnvasemz Mr, Camphe!l passed docoments to vs and we
signed them; [did not look imside at all; some of the hoxes were placed
wrong side aut. to ive them room ou the shelf [do not think it righ,
bat did pot aay anithing te the other Inspectors about it; the voters
conll see viiey box, the view was not obstructed rt all, for wien tha
ON there was the glass of the window was there when the polls
op-ed,
fo Will ron ploaes explain how it Is your name cones Lere sixth on
the bist 1 A. Tat isnot wy veme; it is a wan of the svue nme who
Bives in that distrer,
After recess, Counselor Dowd smiinmed up In behalf of
Michael Weldon, Tne frauds, he said, were committed
in the interest of the Democratic party, aud Weldon, a
Republican employed in the Custom-House, could not
serve the party to which he belonged hy sharing in the
alleged frauds, My. Barnard peat addiessed the jory,
claiming that there was no evidence to show who had
written the names on the poll list, and that the poll list
upon which the prosceution was based was a sparious
document.
Diatrict-Attorney Morns, in reviewing the testimony,
maintained that two propositions haa been fly estal
lished by the evidence, First, 500 names wero iraudn
Tently placed upon the poll lists; and, second, 500 ballot3
wera fraudnlently pisesd fn the hallot-hox to correspond
to these names, These things were done fu pursuance of
a conspiracy, and the persons in tho conspiracy must
have Leen the poll elerks aud the inspectors There
mist al<o have been public ollicers ot the polls who were
willing to see very little,
Iu charging the jury, Judge McCue stated that they
were to determine whether a fraud had been ecmmitted,
and whether the defendants wera the perpetrators,
They were a liberty to bring in a verdict of guiity in re
gard to one, two, or all of the defendants, just as they in
their judgment should think the evidence warranted,
He then reviewed the evidence, and suzgested that the
fraud might have heen committed in the count, for the
purpose of making the ballots dally with the nawber of
names upon the poll-lista, He closed hy soving that
there was very little law in the case, that the stant
was very plain and simple, and that the party of the
ballot-box minst be vindicated.
A JUROR DISSENTS,
The jury retired at 4 p. w., and were out
until 7:30, At that time their foreman sent oa message to
Judge McCue stating that they had not vet been able to
agree upon a verdict, They were brought into court and
Judze McCue asked, what prospectsi” Tue foreman
replied that there were no prospects of their agree oc;
that they stood eleven for conviction and one Tor ae.
quital; and that this one bad stated immediately oe
leaving the court-room, and before they had di co-odd
the case, that he had made up hig wind and wonld not
agree with the rest of the jurors under any circdiue
stances,

Mr. Barnard said that he hoped that the conrt would
discharge the jury, as he did not believe in forcing then
to render a verdict, District-Attorney Morifs suid that
if this juror had made the remark he was said to have
made, he (the District-Attoruey) could not help Laying
his oan opinion of him,
Judse MeCue said that he had no desire to foree the
fury to render a verdiet, and yet, under the eircum
“tances, he conld not discharge them. He then re
quested the jury wo retire again and con-alt further,
The jury then retired, and at midnight were again
brought into court. In answer to the question of (Le
Clerk, their foreman staied that they hited not agecd,
and stood preciscly as beforc—eleven to one. Inreply
to Judge McCue, the foreman suid thet Lie thought they
Lad ALuisied wi argmmcut among themselves,
Judge McCue then di eharged the jory, and anmouneed
that the accused would be re-tricd on Thiisday neat,
Their bail was also Increased to §,000 cach,
District-Attorney Morris said that, from what he lad
learned, he telt convineed that some undue i thence
badd been brougat 10 bear upon the dissenting juror, and
Che wax glad that he knew who he was The obstinate
juror, John O'Neil of No. 644 Baltic-st.. rose and stated
Chat he desire to make an explanation, but Judge
MoCne retised to Heston to him,
a el i
THE SHIP-0OWN ERs COMMITTEE ISSUES A CALL
TO THE OTHER QUARANTINE COMMITEE.
The Ship=Owners' Committee on Quarantine
abuses met yesterday, the members present hein Robt,
B. Minturn, Clooomon; Jas, Fo Pendergast, Charles HH.
Marshall, G. A. Brett, and Marquis Hunter. Mr. Pen
Qereast stated that he had waited upon Gov. Hoffinan
in person, and obtaitued from him assurances of a desiro
to correct the abuses at Quarantine, (n vicw of the im
proved state of the Legislature, Mr. Pendergast thonght
a reform could be easily brought about it the wmer
chants would wpiove in the proper direction. The pre
vailing opinion of the meeting seemed 10 bo that the
Quarantine doctor should be a 8 Jaried official, appointed
by the Governor from five candidates named to him by
the Profi ssors of the medical colleges of the city, and
that the expeuses of Quarantine should be defrayed by
the State, and not by the shipping futerests alone, Mr,
Pendergast proposed that the Committee contract for
the isauing of a scientific and statistical treatise upon the
subject of Quarautine—its benefits and ahases—for the
use of the Legislature, The chairman directed the fol
lowing circular to be sent to tbo various commercial or
ganizations of New-York:
BHIPOWNERS ARSOCIATION, STATE OF NgW Jans,
No 62 Pixy sr, Doe v0 170
Rix: T am instructed to notify to you ihat tue Commitier on Yuarantive
of this Ass ciution desires to ceoure a on meeting with the Committee
on Quarantine of your hori, and with the like Committees appo pted bY
the Chember of Conmeres, Prodnce Exchange, Grocers’ and Importers’
Board of Trade, end Vessel-Owners' Association. Will vou please com
municate this to the Chairman of the Quurautive Committee of your
Lody, and request hin to attend the meeting of the ('hainnen, to be Yeld
at the office of R. B. Mintorn, No. 78 South-st., Chuirinau of this Cow
mittee, Tuesday, bev. 14, 2 p. 1 ia
Gro. W. Masoy, Bee. 8, O. Association.
THE INTERNATIONAL PARADE ON SUNDAY FOR
RIDDEN.
Liens of trand began to be made and freely connnented
the order to lay the pavement would be issued“ when
The Board of Police passed a resolution,
yesterday, directing the Superintendent to inform the
officers of the International Bocietics of this city that
their proposed parade to-morrow will not be allowed,
and that the demonstration, if made, 1nust be on some
other day of the week. The Superintendent 18 also
directed to take the Necessary measures to prevent the
parade should the officers of the Bociety persist in the
attempt to disregard the prohibition. A force of police
will therefore be stationed in the vicinity of the Cooper
Institute with fustructions to prevent the formation of
a column of the International Bocietlcs.
Af very few Internationals were aware last night that
their procession had beed forbidden, none of them could
say what the action of the Boclety would be with reg wird
to this interdiction. Their number fa so small in this
ciiy that no trouble need be anticipated.
HEAVY BURGLARY IN A BONDED WAREHOUSE
Henry J. Meyer's U. 8. bonded warehonse,
Nos. 54, 66, and 68 Laiglit-st., was robbed on Nov. 13 of
47 pices of black and oolored silks, worth $14,000, and
owned by H. B. Claflin Co. Capt. Petty inveatigated
the case, und ascertained that, on the previons weck,
young woman had bired a room on the upper floor of a
tenement adjoining the warehouse. The roof of the ten
ement is 15 feet higher than that of the warchouse. A
day or two after she hired the room, three
men visited ber, taking with them four trunks. On the
morning on which the burglary was discovered, they
moved away, taking the trunks aud household goods
withthom, The door of the room was locked, and was
broken open by the Jollee. os the floor were ugh 2h
wrappers of the stolen silk, a ark lantern, 83d 8 er,
with hinge in the middle, Itis beljeved thet one of the
Roles DIALS i Tope hese
close rthen un r nu 0
tle nnd admittod hia comrades, The Foods were traced
to No. 211 West Thirteenth-st. Here, too, the same
womnun had secured room in advance, and the goods
hid been stored until Tuesday morning, when they wero
removed hy a trock driven hy a i stout German,
who Wis fesiated by two colored men. Tie fir ollcra o
Sy TOF Lue Lees CFV Gl Lue eis
OU ARANTINE ABUSES
CHICAGO RELIEF.
8. 8. cox. Elda
A meeting of the Independent Order of dd
Fellows of this city was held at Cooper Institute la
evening, to raise a fund for the benefit of the widows
and orphans of Americus Lodge of this city, and also to
extend aid to their suffering brethren in Chicago and the
North-West. The meeting was presided over by Vioe
President Schuyler Colfax, who was Introduced by Past
MEETING OF ODD-FELLOWS
FAX AND
Grand Master Ralphs. Mr. Colfax said:
SPEECH OF SCHUYLER COLFAX,

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN: I come from the National
Capital to my native city, in compliance with your in
vitation, with a happier heart than ever before. To aid
in the noble work of charity, in the rellef of distress, in
the assuaging of human woe, and the soothing of hnman
sorrow, honors as well as gladdens all who participate in
it. It is of the heavens heavenly, and not of the earth
earthy. If lifts us out of the miserable mire and quick.
eand of human selfishness. Tt places our feet on the sure
rock of a broad aud generous philauthrophy. It warms
us with the inspiring sunshine of God's smile. It recog
nizes that second great commandment, Thou shalt love
thy neighbor as thyself;” and it illustrates that rule of
all rules, that duty of all dutics, which the world has
callod so justly the Golden Rule, Whatsoever ye would
that others sl:ould do unto you, doye even so unto them."
Wo cannot realize, even with the most fervid imagina
tion, that great calamity at Chicago, whose terrible story
echoed around the clvilized world, and filled it with sor
row und tsympathy, An hundred thousand men
women, and Infants, who on one day had homes, but on
Lhe next were roofless, houscless, foodleas, with the chill
October winds plereing thom through and through as
they crowded together on the cold and open prairie to
which they had fled for their lives—what an aggrogation
of misery and suttering, of the keenest anguish and the
darkest despair, must heve been crowded into that fear.
fulday? Waen men of wealth had not where to lay
their heads, what must have been the trials of those who
had lost their all, their little all, perhaps, but still their
all, with neither home of the humblest, nor worldly gear
of the poorest, gnor the smallest of eartyly means —all
swept away by the tornado of fice and flame. But to this
night of gloom followed a morning of hope aud of sue
cess, A city, the most marvelous in {ts growth of which
history speaks, overwhelmed in a night by the most
startling ealamity ever known, attracted for ita relief
tne most extraordinary and gratifying onipouring of
charity witnessed during our lives, If not daring
ull past eras of modern or ancient history,
Quick as the dightning shed the fearful news through
the land, flashied back the prompt response of a nation’s
sympathizing heart, From rich and poor, from friend
and stranger came benefactions as unexampled ns way
ae calunnty itself. No disaster of the Rrexeat century
ever moved so powerlully the whole civilized world, Not
only in our own land, but beyond the Atlantie, from tho
rivers, indeed, to the ends of the earth, came the swift.
vinged messages of humanity and charity, of the
truest philuntivopy and the purest unselilshuess, From
within the shadow of thrones, and froma thrones thems
selves, came tue heaven-prompted charity of Christiane
dom, Toe rich gave their thonsands, bat the poor gavo
their dollars; and the dear elildren their poneics, while

the story t the widow's mite wa< over and over again
realized, rejoice that your hearts, too, weie prompied
from that Tirone whviee flow all good impulses, to join
fn this nonle labor ot love,
It ix easy for O L-Fellowa to mingle ina philanthropic
demonstration like this, Condemned by those who
Know us not, for minisiering as we do firat to our fraters
wal family, waif it were selfishness, our whole ritnal im
Prosses au renapressos in the hearts of is initiates
generous benevolence, wide as the world, and lunited
only by the obligations of lide with which we are all en
B opel We eeok to warn and unlock tae heats of our
metnoers, to render them more recalarly thoughtfnl of
tie distresses of those about them, to teach them that
tie joy tesuiting from unsel@sh kindness to the children
of wien exceeds all pleasures that money ean buy, and,
in a word, to render Benevolence attractive to many a
Leart to whieh ii has been before a otranger,
Nor do we Tall mn ourcitorts,  T exclude from my calen
Jateons all sickness and funeral bepetits paid o menos
and their widows in the time of trial snd of need, all
winonnts pad for the education of our orphans to fit
Hoenn for spher 3 of weeintinesas and pathways of
virtite, instead of rearing them, as the world
too often trains {ts orphans, for tne poor
Louse, tie Ciade-gang and the prison, And, propor
tioning the wen'tn of our anembers to the aggresato
of the communities where oar lodges are to be found,
Celatin that, all over the land, whenever the cry of dis
trea and the watl of the miserable appeals for prompt
aod niberal sticeor, the members of our Order give dollar
toc dollar, with those not hound to the special obliga.
tions We have, oa a fratermity, so faithfully fuitilled,
Ween it fails im such munistreations, T shail bo among the
first to condemn ft. Bat it will not; for wherever its
altars are creeted, the blesseduess of benevolence, us
woll as the wickedness of selfishness, 18 always taught;
and the fruits of such tenchings are the highest glories of
the Order, causing it to go onward in its suceessful career,
prospering und to prosper, conquering and to conquer,
Nor is this all. Even at our altars has been taught
that sublime doctrine of the Fatherhood of God, the
Brotherhood of Mn. Outside our halls, this divine
truth may be dinnned or darkened by carping criticism
Cus to crecd or chime, But, since Odd-Fellowshin has
existed, ite ritual bas always declared that there is but
one nation, the world; but one family, the whole human
race; and that in every duty of benefaction, in cvery
mimstration of merey, ill mankind is our neighbor, And,
whenever we assuage a sinele wo, relieve a single want,
soften nn singie pang this is the noblest monument to onr
Odor we ask, the proudest meed of praise we labor (0
deserve,
I know that many religious men are prejudiced against
all socdeties that meet an eecret, or that have privige
signs ana pass-words, Without attempting to answer in
Meta their objections, Tmoay be allowed in this presence
to sav that, after a membership of a quarter of a cen.
tury, I can declare most earuestiy that I have never
heard a single natruction of an entire ritual to which
the most conscientions eitizen could justly object, drawn
Casall of them are, directly and often literally, from the
sacred Voiume, always to be tound nour hails, Our
Jodge-rooms are profancd by no bacelhapallan orgies or
sinful rites. Our wills echo no sound we would shrink
trom bLaving ascend with us to the Judgment Bar,
Ceonld mit up, deed, all the teachings of OddFellow
ship in toes shrikingly impressive lines of the poet;
Vio Lye ia deels, not ves: a thoughts, not breath;
1 se hings, not in hares on a died:
Wo shosubd count tone by Lea-tirobs, He most Lives
Who Lie son mosi, feels the Loblest, acts the beat,
I mist not longer detatin You with these remarks,
Welcome this night to you, one and all, Welcome to this
fuspived and blessed work of benefaction, Welcome to
the relic of human seficriag, Welcome to the good
work of hetping the helpless and befriending the friend
Jess, Wg leone to the giving of bread to the hungry,
shelter io the Lomeless, wartath to the shivering, cloth
ing to the destitute, aud, above all, hope to the despair
ing. For tis you shall Gave an abuidant reward, He
that giveth to the poor leudeth to the Lord;" and who
world not be Lappy to be a creditor of sucha loan? Its
dividends cannot fail to be more precious than the
wealth of Oriunz and the Ind, surer than the rock-ribhed
Ills, Wineh witl all pass away, while this will be immor
tal. When the ery of distress is heard 1
can never forget that prophetic glimpse of the
Last Day which He who spake as never man spoke gavo
tis when He walked on the caorth—when He declares Ie
shall be heard to say, “I wits an hungered and ye eT
tae dood, thirst, and yo ga.c me drink, naked and ye
cioshed me, sick and ve visited me, Inasmuch as ye did
Litis to lie least of tuese wy chiidren, ye did it unto ine,”
And whoever on the earth wins the blessing of Him who
wis rendy to perish and makes the widow's heart leap
for Joy can claim for himself the Jedemprion of that
procutse of inspiration, Blessed 1s he that consldercth
tue poor, The Lord wili deliver him in trouble. The Lord
will preserve him and keep hun alive, and he shall be
blessed upon the ~arth.”
Lirothers, und ladies, and friends, welcome, then, to
the joy that active benevol nee brings to the heart of the
cheeriul giver, Welcome to the happy thoughts that
shall torili your hearts as you sit to-night by you bright
fire with tnose you love about you, and consider that you
Lave ade some sorcowing one happier by your Ries.
ence hore. Welcome to the blessings promised to them
who light up darkened hearthstones and warm chilled
hearts by thelr human beuefactions. Welcome, again
aud ngaln; for in blessing others you have aoumy blessed
yourselves, in befriending God's poor you have be
fricnded yourselves; in relioviog the wants of others you
have most abundantly enriched yourselves, Mr. Colfax
ended bis udviress by introducing the Hon. 8. 8. Cox, re
warking that it was his pleasant iy? to #tand upon the
same platiorm with ove with whom t had not been his
Loo furtune to unite in thought und sentiment ou, per
laps, any other question, [Laughter]
SPEECH OF THE HON. 8, COX.
Mr. Cox replied I have a little trepidation this even
ing in saying Mr. President, and a little more fu adding
thut prefix—that naughty word—" vice” before It.
LULL LL LAL EE ER YN GA HI TH WN I a a ge To fas la 3 iat
rood Joram to unite in thought and sentiment ou, per
laps, any other question, [Laughter]
SPEECH OF THE HON. 8, COX.
Mr. Cox replied I have a little trepidation this even
ing in saying Mr. President, and a little more iu adding
thut pretix—that naughty word—* vice” before it.
(Laughter) From an old and irrepressible habit, I am
wlinost tempted to say ‘Mr. Speaker.” [(Applause.] For
we bave been together for nearly 15 years since we first
entered tho American Congress. We have bad many
combats before the war, and during the war, but none
since, 1 believe. My friend has been translated to un
other spliero siuce that time. During our long service
together at Washington we had the privilege of standin
on one platform of friendliness. We had many a
recollections together which I mizht be pardoned for
allnding to here. He was born in this eity, gid was edu
ented in one of the Wards of my own district—the very
Wird from whica this Americus Lodge cowes. He be
longs to this city in many wiys, but by Satpet bagain or
something of that suit (laughter), he went to the od of
sunset—irom which cswe. fLauguter]
The suhjoct of which my friend has ag has a large
roundabout meaning. It is not merely the giving of
alma. That is not the whole language of charity, Char
ity loves and is kind, 18 gentle toward opiajats, creeds,
communities, races. It thinketh no evil. There is no
end to its application to human affairs and to human
kind. Conflagrations have in all ages of the world called
forth the most abuudant expressions of charity. Huwan
sre Rs om ho oc
tim a8 ulwinys suffering occa
me by tLe ravages 0 fi. The firs of Chicago and
the North-West bave excl overt heart 0 pity and
sympathy, and contributions from all over this other
countries finve flowed futo her relief.
My friend said that some shlection was made to char
ity fn our Order by reason of being secret. There Is
something iu that. Has not the Bavior taught us that
in ming als the right hand shoald not let the left know
what it Is dotug! y Jjudgiaent 1s, it don’t matter much
whether theo nefsctions are done in secret or openly,
It is not the foym of doing it; it is the fact that it 1s done.
[Aplin use.) I wish to openk of the courage SVineailby
hie peuple uf Uhioago, thiok they will rebuild tieir
city sooner than Lamdon wis robullt after the great fire.
1 think they will rebuild promptly becauss of a cortaln
element In the American Charucter which bas been fllus
trated, and which the English Journals call a “certain
wien belouk luk 10 ue Awcrican uatuie,” which wou't
THE KU-KLUX TRIALS IN SOUTH CAROLINA
ETF: ALV*ARAA ER AARA) 4 NAIVE EE RHEIN
Corumiia, Dee. 8.—In the Ku-Klux (rials
to-day, four of the prisoners, viz, Porter, Chilters, Mui
phy and Montgomery, pleaded guilty to the charge of
conspiring to deprive the eitizens of their right to vote,
They reserved the rigit of reading affidavits iu mitign
tion of punishment. Mr. Stanbery raised the point of
order whether a prisoner can be tried for an offense
committed in Maen, but charged to have been com
mited on the 21st of April, in onder to bring the case
under the Ku-Klux law, passed on the 20th of April,
Other points will be raised to-morrow for certification
to the Sunreme Court.
To (he Ldiltor of The Tribune,
Si: The correspondent of Zhe N.Y, Times
has no authority for his statement us to the cause of my
coming to Washington, ‘The whole story is a fabrication,
I say this in justice to Mr. Greeley and his friends,
Personally 1 eare nothing about it, Yours,
Washington, Doe, 5, 1571 RP CuMMINGS,
Patrolman Gilenuing of the Thirtioth Precinet acei
dentally shot himself in the hip esterday, receiving a severe wound,
Hugh MeGibhon, age 9, who was recently run over
by a truck drivea by Joseph Smith, died yesterday at No. 426 First ave.
Henry Christie's carpenter shop. on the second
floor of No. 147 West Kighteenth-st., was damaged $100 Ly ire yesterday,
John D. Flaminer's reridence, No. 226 West Seven
teenth-st., was damaged $200 by tire last evening, Iusused by the Ham:
boldt Company for &1 000,
John Donley, age 11, of No. 538 West Fifty-first-st.,
fell yesterday from a car of an npwand-bound freight train of the ludsou
River Railroad at Forty-secoud-st., aud was instantly killed,
Thomas R. McDermott, uge 42, died yesterday at
Ko. 209 West T.nth-st., from injiries reccived on Nov. 21, a ruaaway
horse having dashed against an Eighth-ave, car, on the platform of abich
be was standing.
Jacob Kerwalat, age 21, of No. 31 Attorney-st.,
narreled with a follow workman named Linger, in Niuger's a.
Machine Factory, and was stabbed in the sile by an unknown man, re
ceiving a sever: wound.
Tie body of an nnknown man, age 35, dreased in a
blue beaver overcoat, a black-ribbed undercoat and vest, dark wized
pautuoons, white taustn ehirt, and avist in bis vest pocket a silver
watch, was found, yesteriar, of Pier No. 6, E. R.
Commissioner Manierre listened yesterday to 3
complaints against policemiu. fasgravt Juhu H/NeCallough, in com:
mand of the sqaad of police at the (irand Union Depot, was charged br
Jolin Kllis, so eal grant rusner, of No, 143 West Nivetieth st., with
thuvaleaivg to club Lis brains out. The Sergeant admitied haring pmbel
Ellis out of the depot
A fire yesterday, on tho fourth floor of the five
story brown stose front Iling No. 43 Warren st, serionsly damaged
the upper part of the buikling, while the lower floors were flovdud with
water. The four oid floors were aceupled v J. L. Traey k Bop as a
shoe manufactory on stock, $3, nwured for $25,000, The Gret
floor and basement were ocew, by F. L. Many Marshall, dealers
ia biden hander; loss on stock wator, §1,000—jnsarad for
$35.500, building belongs to the Winslow Rotate, and is damaged
$2,000; insured for $10,000 by the Firemen's Trust Company, sad
$5 000 hy the Mercartile Company.
allow itself to bo discouraged. Mr. Cox telated some
amusing incidents of the fire, illustrative of this polut.
Out of all Hee disasters, ho continued, there will
some foul. It 1s all ordained. TImow certain people
f Vis matter in 4 vary biguied light, 1 have road
n the newspapers that Chicago wae Junishod in this
romarkable wayios its sins, its corruptiow, its Jule its
rivalry to Cincinnati and St. Louis and Milwau eo—that
it is copying too muob after New-York, if I may express
it so. Even orators in the pulpit have said Caleago was
thus punished. I am not prepared Jo acoopt thid view.
Some of our newspapers Lave attributed the tire of
Cu¥eago to this eswme cause: simply because these
mat, 4r8 were antecedent, thoy bave argu that
the case existed. That sort of argien will not
do. It 1M unkind and upgenerous. Chicago had her
virtues as Well as her vices. She was the model city of
our Amerio.™ enterprisd, B8he was an illustration of
what Americavism can do. No, all these disasters are
intended to tes. sh us a barton lesson. They teach us that
whatever we ma,” do in this world, sacrifice is the great
lesson we must louvn. They teach us that kind hearts
are ready to respoLyl, and the Odd-Fellowship of this
country {8 a cowbin: dion of kind hearts, whose action
will make the Order honored among the citizens of the
Republic.

COOPER INSTI
Th
1]
On



Philade

At the conclusion of Myr '0x’A remarks, and after a
song from the German gingorimnd Beclety, Mr. Colfax
introduced J. Ward Ellis, €&rand Representative, and
Chairman of the Odd-Feliows” Relief Committee, who
made brief remarks, reporting haw he had disbursed the
funda which the members of the Order here had kindly
forwarded. The meeting then closed with music by the
baud In attendance,
NATIONAL BOARD OF TRADI.
atts en.
THE MISSISSIPPI LEVEES—ANOTHER DPACWIC
RAILROAD DEMANDED.
St. Louis, Mo. Dec. 8.—The session of thé
National Board of Trade was continued to-day. Tho
Committee on the Mississippi Levee made a report,
which was adopted, earnestly requesting Congress to
aid as for as practicable the efforts of the States lying
adjacent to the Mississippi River, to protect the lands
from inundation, and to secure permanent improvements
of hayization and levees,
The following resolution, introduced at the last mcet
fuk, waa then discussed
Whereas, Another Pacific Railroad 18 imperatively demanded to pro.
dnee heal*lifal competition, wherehy rates oa freight and travel may be
redueed, and greater accommo lations secured for the pablie;
Kesolved, Fhat the Executive Commutiee be instructed to memorial sa
Congress to grant sach literal subsidies and other needed 1ozislation te
secure the earliest possinle countruction of the Natioual Central Paciiv
Paileoad to San Due go and ¥an Francisco
B. R. Bonner of St. Louis offered the following amenii
ment:
That sa’ road be built hy the United States Government, be of Joab a
track, and on which every one shail be permitted to draw his trains,
whether as individaal or incorporated enterprise ander similar conditions
as the lines of boats are allowed to navigate the canals of the country,
tating the tumnage passing over at suficicat to'l to maintain the road:
bed in perivet order,
Mr. Bonner advoeatod the awendment in an able and
lensthy speech, Tle sald the work of constenetion should
be let to the lowest bidder, the contractors to receive in
iy ment Govermnent bonds at par; ws soon as the road
8 opened, the pablie lands along the line to be brought
into the market at the lowest practicable rates to actual
sottlers, the proceeds of which shall be gaeredly pledged
to the retirement of the construction bonds, By thi
wode of construction the Government ia informed in
advance of the exact expenditure required. There nro
no Government employes save the chef engineer and
assistants,
Mr, Opdyke of New-York objected to the enterpriae on
the ground that it wonld inure solely to the benefit of
those who live along thie line of the road, and those who
have occasion to nc it who were fresh fmmigrants, and
not to the welfare of the whole country, us would a com
peting line, with roads bnilt hy private rie rprian, nie
sisted by the Government, aud would ruin sbhsolutely
every dollar of private capitul invested in railroads in
the United States. The proposition was as monstrous
as for the Government to manulucture all the cotton
cloth used in the United States,
The measure was discussed hy Messrs. Hotton of Mil.
waukee, Welch of Cincinnati, Wertherell of Philudel
ole, Socly of Maryland, McNeal of Cincinnati, and
others,
The whele i et was finally indefinitely postponed,
The subject of inland water communiention, comprising
saveral different schemes, was discussed at length, with
out decisive action, The proposition for the improve
mont in the security afforded by warehouse receipts, is
sued for property stored, was refecred to a special come
mittee of five. i Board then adjourned.
PERILOUS SITUATION OF THE SCHOONER LAKE
FOREST.
Erie, Penn.,, Dee. 8.—The schooner lake
Forest has dragged her anchors one mile further east.
She has had no communication with the shore since
Thursday. High winds from the west are blowing and
seas are breaking over her continually. She seeins to he
down by the lend, No tugs had left Boflalo to her
pssistance, and were not expected to leave antil the gale
from the west abates, The ice in this harbor is Hive
inerhers thie k
re em——
METAIRE RACES,
NEw-0OrLeans, Dee. 8.—=The weather was
pleasant to-day snd the attendance at the aces very
gow], The track was in fair condition,
First Raee.—Steeple-chase handicap, abont two nnd a
half miler, Cin Purse, $600. The race was won by Blind
Tom beating Virgil, Yon Moltke, Temple, Tom Corbett,
and Chalmetta, Tue ridors of Von Moltke, Temple, and
Tow Corbett were thrown, Chalmette would not take
the first hurdle. Time, 5:48,
Second Race, -Club pire, $100, milo heats, for three
year-olds. Won by Billy Widiamson. Time, 1:523, 2:05.
Third Roce. —Clnb purse, $500, three miles, for all aes,
The 1meo was won by Salinn, beating Bob Shelton, Nan
nic bouxglas, Fishball, aud Richard, in order. Time, 5:44).
net et
A CARD FROM MR. S. PF. CUMMINS,
WEATHER REPOKL.
Pe
WAR DEPARTMENT,
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICRE,
WASHINGTON, Dee, 8, 1871=7 p. in.
ig Jor the pust twenty-four hours,
The low barometer which was on Thursday
afternoon between Lakes Michigan and Huron, has
moved eastward to New-Brunswick, where the lowest
pressure now 18. Brisk north-west winds accompany
this disturbance, and now prevail in the Middle Atlantic
States. The highest barometer extends from Iowa to
Tennegsee. The temperature has risen slightly on the
Guli Court, with cloudy weather and southerly winds in
Texns, No uaterial change is reported trom the Pacitie
Coast,
Probabilities.
Rising barometer and falling temperature will proba.
bly prevail on Satneday on the Middle and East Atlan
tic; brisk north-westerly winds, for a short time only, on
the const; westerly winds veering to south-west on the
upper lakes; southerly winds, with cloud) and threaten
ing weather, on the Gulf Coust.
Warning Syl Ordered.
Cantlonary signals continue at Oswego, Rochester,
Buffalo, Cleveland], and are ordered for this ey. ning at
New-York, Baltimore, Cape May, and Norfolk,
POLICE NOLES.
TUE STATE OF TRADE.
eer
DOMESTIO MARKETA
dad wand Ao ua mii vd
W iLxinverox, N, C., Der, 8.-fpirie Turpentine strong at 60c. Rosla
frm at 4 15 for Strained 87 8 (or Extra No. 1 1 for Low No.
2; $9 for Extra Pale; $3 for Pale; #9 50 for Window glass. Crode
Turpeuting steady at ©3 90 fur Hard, 96 25 for Yellow Dip, 2
for Virgin. Tar quiet at $2 50.
Havava, Dee, &.—Port-au-Prince (Hart) dated to the 31 inst, have
been received business was brisk, and re was a heavy demand for
Coffee and Logwood a rive were advancing.
New-ORLRASS, Dee. Plone quiet; Saperfne scarce at #8 73;
Double Extras searce at $7 31a? 50; Treble Krtrs, $1027 5,
Corn firm at TTa de, Oats, 55 50e. Bun—su ly light; sales at W140,
Hay dull and lower; Prime $35; Choice 4A Pork tro; Meas
14 15. Bacon dull; Bhouklers Hs i Mites, Tie Hama, Male. Lan
dull; Tierse offering at Ya Yyc; Key, Waele Pugar firm and fu fair
demand, Inferior, 6a bie, Commun tr Goo lL Common, So fe Farle
Faliy Fair 14% Prlwo vie Moles ns wrcbauee!t Prune WPWe
Wink Biosd, $e 24108. Brchenge (otiog, 1180; How-Tos
PRA STE a pe, vd, 02
5
wr wane]
w take Teel
Wore Miaed dren Outs staady sabe, hes Viet bogeod
60954¢., and one car do. at Susquehanna depot of Se.
Yor oliher Ship News sce Second Page.]
ARRIVED.
Brig Mattio B. Rawel (of Portlend), C with esel
Biig Mountain Kags, darts: Now fisves: South Amboy,
od SRI—RIVER AND COASTWISE.
G. H. Miller, Virginia. Ocean Wave, New-Haven
0. A. Hooth, Virginia, Raavard na.
0. II. Hors, Virginia. Weodred,
Francis Fresch, Virginie. Cyrus Fossett.
Willow Harp, Georget.ma. D.C. Wile Treat,
DS. Mersbon, Philadelphia H Baker. [1
Abel Young. A a. Jobasea
Ophir, Port Johnson. Peire, Port Jehan
W. Bestley, Port Johuson. A. Oerney, Port Johnoos.
T. RB. Williams, Port Jolason. Minnesota, Port Jobasos.
Niger, Port Johosos.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Rosvow, Dee. Amived. aud Gisisy, Ah New-York; bar}
Fanny Lewis, from S8. Mare; sehr. y Raker, froa Port ea, Prisee
Below, Pride of the Port, from Caleutts.
Mr, Barnum says ke bas learord thas Bioadway tailors measere
his parse more than his person—the 648 are masstisfactory —bat ud
way Brkg, where bea now gets his clothing, meamree Lio (orm,
boih person and purse are Sted.


There is purity and freshnesp in the tone of the Khase
Piano, which Le given it the remarkable popularity bo which 1
jaiaed, putvibly more than any other of its good qualities. Mma
it should not he forgotten that this instrument is made from the
materiale, esrefally select by exgevs, who ave employed on
the pocuting facility with whie thes judge the quality, of the rar
costly wood used in this manafactars. 0 Kann Piavo is the r
somes, an it ie the best, instrument in the market. War
Broadway, New-York. J. Bavnr Co., Ageuts.
bps
Christins in Coming
and that it may he merry oie, those suffering from bed teeth shoold
visit Corron’s, in the Cooper Tostituie.
R—
The Mother can rely apon Mrs. Winslow’s Neothiag
Syrup to give rest sod health to her child
rm ti———
Holiday Styles,—Gents’ Dress Hars pow ready. Scal Caps of
poplar prices. Bomrxe, 210 Broadway, and 123 Paltou st.
A Snuff of the Morning Air sud a piuch of Dunno’s Cavane®
Sn ve are good Tor she bead,
Tusiant Relief gusrantee! in Croup by Jounsox's Axopins
Lo sisasa, indoruatly aad externally,
PE nat
Wedding and Visiting Cards, Initial Stamping Not» Posen
Wu. Evenvir's Sens, 104 Furvonar.. oer. Oro Duron Cuvace.

BROWN -BARKPR ~On Thursdar, Dee. 7, by the Rey Josenh A Relag
1. D., at.8t. Johu's B. L. Chureb, Philadelphia, (leary Armits Brows
sod Josephine Lea, daughter of Jolin R. Baker, esq,
DODGE=TTATVIELD—In Brooklyn, N.Y., on Wedoesisy, N
1971, at the residence of the bride, by the Rev. Garner RB Ru 4
Clavton, N. J.. Herwiek C. Dedge to Clara M., daughter of
F. Hattield, both of Brooklyn. Ne cards.
HADLEY —MARTIN~On Thorsday, Dec. 7, at Calvary Chorch, b
K A Washburn, Charles Ln Hadley to Mise Ballie A, daugh
Wm. A, Martin, esq., sll of this city.
Mc ALPINE—~FARRINGTON—At £t Paul's Chared, Owego, N. Yi, ot
Thursday, Dee. 7, by the Rev. James Rankine, D, D., of LY
assisted by the Rev. James H. Kidder of St. Paul's Parish, Mr. Chried
I. McAlpine to Siella Avery, daughter of Judge Thowas Farrington,
both of Owego
POSTLETHWAITE-—RLLIS—On Wedaeaday morning, Deo. 6, by, the
Rev. 8. H. T'yug, jr.. Wm. M. Postlothwaith. rector of the Chinrda of
the lutereession, Washicglon Hights, to Sallie T., oldest daughter of
John W. Ellis, esq., all of this exty.
TERRY =WOOD—=In New-York, on Monday. Dee. 4, 1871, by the Rev,
Chauncey Giles, Silas 8. Terry and Martha A. Wood, ali of Riverhead,
N. 1. Nocarls,
All Notices of Marriages musi be indorsed with full
de BaRd ene Bilis
All Notices of Marriages must he
name and address
ARTHUR— At Haclem, on Friday, Dee. 8, Fannie G., ellest daughter of
Clan S. Arthur, in the 10th year of hor age
DIED.
The faneral will take place from the Presbyterian Church at South Byes,
Puinam Co., oo Sanday, the 10th just.
BISILOP—At Spuyten Dayvil, N. Y., Dec. 6, 1871, Anna Norris, wife 4
w. Bishop, and daughter of Adon Smith, aged 35 years aséd
wouths,
Relatives aud friends are hereby reapectfully Invited to attend the funifel
from the residences of Geo. G, Bishop, Norwalk, Coon, “eh
Saturlas. Dee. 9, Trains leave Tweniy-seventh-st. depot at 8, aad
ERCUFATS
CROMWRLL—At Monroe, Oranzo Co., N. Y,, on Sixth day, the 8i
inst., Willinm Cromwell, ate of this city, in the T3d year of bis age.
Notice of faueral hereafter,
HKRBERT—At New Bronswick, N.J., Wednesday, Dec. 6, Charles
Morgan Herbert, in the Jith year of his age.
The relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral ceremonies
feom his late residence, No. 2 College-ave., New Brunswick, N. J., ad
11:8) o'cloek a. w., on Satuniay, the 9th inst, Foueral services 1
which the public wre invited, atthe First Presbyterisa Chured, of
o'clock m,
JENKINS—At Basonne, N. J., Dee, 8, 1871, Robert H. Jenkins, aged 9
VPATS.
Funeral will take place on Monday, Dee. 11, at 13 o'clock, nooo, from the
residence of his son, R. H, Jenkins, 5 Relatives and friends of the
family are invited to attend without sotice.
JON ES—On the 7th iost., Samuel Joaes.
Hi MONS. —The brethren of Manitou Lodge No. 104, P. aud A. M., sre
he rehy ynuenrd to attend 8 special cominunication at Oud Fellow
Heil on Sanday, Dec. 10. at 11:30 a. m., for the purpose of paving the lash
tribute of respect 10 our late brother, Ssmuel soos By onder,
THOMAS fi. MCBRIDE, Master.
KIMBALL On Thursday, Dee, 7, at ber rosidencs. No. 108 Monros-sty
Frama Jane, wife of Kdward Kimball, and dasghter of Dan'l leach
man, sy, of Boston, aged 45.
Bostoy and Torouto, Ont., papers please copy.
MACDUFP—At Tremont, N. Y., Dee. 6, aftes a protia-ted ness,
Inshells, wife of James Maciuf, in ber 6ith year.

Funeral wiil take pare from ber late ready nce, Washington-ave
Fremqol, ou Sinday, at 30 o'clock p.m. Friends are respectfully
nvited.
Califoruia pipers please copy.
MATTHE 0. Sriday, Dee. 8. of consamption, Emma Jane, wile of
LL. Broce Math wo,
Relatives aud 31 of the family are respectfully invited to attend
foneral from Si: ob i'resbyterian Church, on Suuday, Dee, 10, ot e
o'clock p.m,

t
MORTON—At Blismteth, No J, on Friday, Dec. 8, Elvira, daughter of
the late Klibu Morton.
Friends sud relatives are respectfully invited to attend the gi
from the residence of her brother-in-law, Wilmot Willams, No,
Broad-st., Elizabeth, on Monday, Lith, at 3 p, m.
SARRE—Ou Friday morning. Dec. 8, Julia Harriett, wife of Joha Sarre,
aged Jens, 4 months and 1 day.
4
Notice of fanersl hereafter.
STREPHENR—On Tharsday morning, Der. 7, Charles William Stephens,
sua of Corpelivs aud Esther Stephens, ago 25 years.

The relatives and friends are farited to attend the  foneral
from the residence of his father, 304 West Fifty-eighth ot, on Susdey
aftesnoon, Dec. 10, at 3 o'clock.
I's
FOMLINSON=On Dee. 6, 1371, Henry T. Tom'inson, son of Theodore
 F. and Abbie KE. Tomlinson, aged 22 years, 10 wontha, and 25 days.
Funersl services to be beld at i1 a. m.. on this Ratorday, Dec. 9, at 88
Aun’s Protestant Episcopal Church, Eighteenth-st., near Fiith-ave, His
friends aud relatives are invited to attend.
 VANDERBILT—On Tharsday, 7th inst., Margarat Vanderbilt, aged 38
Burial at Tarrytown on Satanday, 9th ast. od
WESTERFIELD~On Dee, 7, at Paterson, N. J.. Mrs. Sarah Westerns
field, widow of the late William Westerfield of New-York City, in the
90th year of her age.
I aneral services at the house of her daughter, Mrs. Jobo I. Ay
Hamburgh ave, Paterson. N. J. on Sunday afternoon, 10th inst., at
o'clock, Frieods and elartives are luvited to attend without furthes
notice.
WEY MAN--At Stockhridge, Mass, on the Ath inst, Jobo Weymas,
in the [ith year of his age,
Funeral will take plaes at Stockbridge on Sanday, the 10th inet.
eer)
How Mr. Adams was (ured of Rupture.
Mr. Adams. one of our readers in Jersey. sends as a communication of
bis cure of rupture by Dr. Sherman's treatmeni, which we publish
suotber part of this paper. This is but ove of many proefs cowing te
us from evry quarter of Dr. Sheriaan’s snecess in this braneb of surgery.
A statement so reliable, from a workingman, mast be of the b ghest ime
portance to those suffering from tine terrible infirmity.
‘I'he above remarks are from the editor of Pomervy’s Demoerss, ond
the following is ibe cominunication referral to:
MR. ADAMS ON DK. SHERMAN'S RUPTURE CURE,
Sort OrANG, N. J, Nov. 2I, 1870
70 the Biditor of Pomeroy's Democrat,
Many rerons think pt ire 1s not camable, and that Dr Boraavy
method of cure 18 not relichle, or in plain English bumbug but as
ws ruptured three sears, aud found ruyself getting worse from tlie ase of
trusses made u ny mind to see him and try for myself. am a buteber,
ard was roptared lifting a quarter of beef, snd yet while ouder Dr. Sher
mon s treatme: t 1 did not favor mywell. aod was entirely eured. Reading
iu your paper for the first m= of Dr. Sherman's cures, of No. 607 B
way, sour city, send you this statement, bo it others yi
ruptare will try the same remedies. VR KRICK ADAMS,
No. 16 Centre Markos, Newark, N. J.
Dr. SHERMAN ia daily treating persons from sll parts of the country,
at his office. No. 697 Browdway. He seads bis Illustrated Book on Rage
ture to hose who sen lien crus.
Nupeleon’s Cabinet or
CIHTAMPAGNIL,
Till WINE UsiD AT TilE RECEPTION OF PRINCB ALEXIS
Fo: Sale ot the Leading Wine Merchants and Grocers.
BOUCHE I'ILS Co.,
FOIE AGENTS, 17 Beaver--i.
“Nehenck’s Palmenic Syrup,
SVAWEED TONIC, avd MANDRAKE PILLS.
These are the only medicines that will care Wlwosar) Consnwpliea,
Pr. ~'HENCK has been in constant practice uver thir 7 rant amin.
ually exam ning lungs, and brows his wedioines, if properly taken, pin
core Consmnption. His MANDRAKE PILLY clesase the liver
stowach his SEAWEED TONIC dissolves tl:e food Sthmulagd She coat.
fig 0’ 1 oe stomach, and makes it digut. His PULMONIC SYRUP rigens
the mat.»i, aud ature throws it off without any exertion,
old NESEY. York
No. 3 Cullege-place, New-York,
__Whelemie Ageal. a
5 “Warnock Co., Hattors.
GENT» SILK Il ATS, Wilk DOLLARS,
LADIRS' ha] AND BOYS
ALL TUE New Jiu Jar HATS,
Compl noes,
omplete in every a YY dRoibwar.
“AN the world knows bow dificalt it is to please o noe
but we cai I0ll ut Fleact hub thot can debt ber ORY on: to
It tr every Monday
RANK CROC LADS Jounal ten 8 io prop
ad charming gift, and cas be bad of all newsmen.
Mrs. 8. former] Miss Annie
Jost her pall age by A rect ol SE vd
will be glad to sec ber former phos) of 308 Oizth-ave.
colored In oll, Water color, or India am, AERA Vo
Darke i
ave, has ore so pa on a shan Thoamads
fog SUTURE, Den i771, wl sloee ob this Tuesday ob «18
a.m, on Wedaesday ot 10) am, snd 08
water in workl, w
SG lt
celebrated
Sead for 8 UJ at
aad ol Sin Vissaun Y SANCHO, wn Groner. Now-York
“Porter Dlles of 1556 Dreadway, corner Trg anid, ae
making perfect WALKING MOOT, wpen now lasks of ooeny wilih
jamw.~Raire cuaoce, valuable practice, lease, frtareyy
Jo Pusan Foc par toulaps, aldpess M.D. Grand Renlda Wi
LATEST SHIP NEWA
MARRIED.
Special Notices