<£bt Mortestti ©ailg Spv
rvnusnßt every horxixo.
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED.)
t per yum if paid strictly in idiotic*
Ollierw i*e, ?3 Ceuta per Month.
&he
<STtnURRED JULT.
<8 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At #6 per Annum.
J l». BALntVIN A CO., Proprietors.
KO. 411 MAIN STREET.
v(dunester Jhiln -P!).
CITY NEWS.
.Ml inteitFtcd in tbc entertainment nt South
Worcester, to-night, will remember that the om
nibns leaves the Bay State at 6.45.
Kev. Morrill Kichardson and wife of New
1 ork ritv are in town and will be present at the
variable in the vestry of the Salem strevl church
this evening.
I lie republican caucuses to choose delegates to
a convention tn nominate a candidate for nmyor,
and make other municipal nominations, will be
held one week from to-night*
An ndvcrfretncnr In another column from
Taft, Blis< IBcc, speaks of Thanksgiving good
things to Ik had at their place, but it doesn’t
begin hi tell the story. They have an ttnroni
ineuly fine stock of Irnit and confci tionery.
It will be seen by the report of the city cotin
viKs doings last evening that Harrison avenue
and Grant street arc abolished, and both arc
made one under the new name of Uichland
street.
Mr. Wallis of this city, is agent for a new
publication issued by B. B. Russell of Boston,
“The Life of father Taylor the Sailor Preacher/'
edited by Rev. Gilbert Haven and Hon. Thomas
Russell. Subscriptions can be left at G. W.
Paul's, 413 Main street.
At the weekly meeting of the Gratian literary
fitsscclalion held last evening, a costly dressing
case was presented by the members to the sec
retary, John F. Mullen, who is about to have
for Maryland, where ho will enter St. Charles col
lege. Joshua O’Leary, the president of the Grat
tans, made the presentation speech, the recipient
making a happy response.
It is gratifying to have artists like Theodore
Thomas and orchestra appreciated here, as they
appear to be. There has been a great sale of
tickets tor the Thanksgiving night concert, and
probably these musicians will be greeted at
Mechanics hall by as large an audience as that
which listened spell bound last winter to their
pcrfoLTaancc ol Beethoven’s pastoral symphony.
The following additional subscriptions have
been received in aid ot the northwest at the
office of Rice, Whiting Bullock
Elijah Hammond....slo W. Richmond $lO
ES.Fo.|.t 10 Levi Gates 2
O. K. Cooke.. 5 Geo. Newton 3
R. A. Miller 2 Nath’l K. Johnson 2
Charles Hadweii 5 Harrison Moore... 5
Um. B. Howe 10 William M00re.... I
Leonard Gates 2 Otis A. Gatos 1
Amount reported previously 44,651.07
Total amount subscribed 844,719.67
Chas. B. Whiting,Treasurer
The Bay State House in this city, is to
change proprietors on the 15:h of December
next, Mr. Thrall then retiring. His successors
are Mr. Horace Barnes and a Mr. Brockway,
Loth oi New York. They are enterprising and
thorough going business men, up to the times in
everything, and cannot fail to give satisfaction.
Mj Brockway is a brother of the proprietor of
the New York hotel. Mr. Thrall, who has been
for some time proprietor of the Battle house,
Mobile, Ala., retires from livre to give his ex
clusive attention to that charge, and cariics
with him the best wishes and kindest regards ol
his many friends here, and among the traveling
public, generally, who have appreciated his suc
cessful efforts to please them, in the capacity of
a most popular landlord.
Roguery.- Lyman M. Curtis, clerk for El
dred Liscomb, and about nineteen years of
age, was arrested yesterday, on an order from
Brookline, for stealing $250 there in August
last. It seems th.it the Brookline theft, how
ever, is net bis only crime. On arresting him.
Captain Comins found on him three forged
cheeks of Eldred Liscomb. Two of them
wete on the City National bank, one for S7B and
the other tor $42; the other was on the Safe
Deposit company for $59. He explained that he
never intended to draw the money
but merely wiote them while scribbling.
There were also found on him t wen tv
two keys, one of them being a key
to Eldred L scoulb’s money drawer. The
key to this drawer had never been entrusted to
him, and he made one, after having scentheir
key a minut! or two. He has been in the cm
ploy of Eldred Liscomb about three weeks
He was taken to Brookline.
Another Gambling Place Broken up.—
Shoitly after ten o’clock, last evening, State
Constable Russell, accompanied by Constable
Keene, of Milford, City Marshal Drennan, and
several other officers, visited Warren block on
Pearl street, and demanded entrance to a room
which was thought to be kept as a gambling
place by George Connors. They were refused
entrance, and alter a little talk among them
selves, proceeded to break the door in with a
few well-administered blows from that large
sledge hammer, renowned for the services it
performed in the hands of the Grafton bank
robl crs. Connors and Wheelock Putnam were
found inside, surrounded with a good set of gam
bling apparatus, consisting of a lay out table, sil
ver deal box, chips, cards, etc. The men were let
off on their own recognizance to appear when
wanted, and the apparatus was taken to the
police station. The examination will probably
take place this morning.
Municipal Court. —Judge Williams Ind
the usual washing-day batch of cases yesterday
morning: Patrick Mullins, for keeping liquor
was fined $lO and costs and sentenced to twenty
days in the house of cor i oct ion; .Joseph P. Cor
coran, keeping liquor, SlO and costs and twenty
days in house of correction; Joseph Exley, two
complaints—single sale and keeping liquor, $lO
and costs and twenty days in house of correc
tion on each; Michael H. Morgan, S2O and
costs for assault and battery on Charles L
Walker, sl(f and costs for assault and battery
on Charles L. Murphy, $5 and costs for dis
turbing the peace, and $3 and costs for drunk
enness; James Kelley, truancy, six months in
truant school. Each of these cases were ap
pealed and bail was furnished.
James H inion was examined on four corre
sponding charges, having been mixed up in the
same row, and received the same sentence on
each as Morgan did. He did not appeal, but was
unable to pay and went to jail. Henry Grunley
was fined $lO and costs for a second offence of
drunkenness, Ambrose McKenncr and Patrick
G. Scanlon, $1 ami costs each lor drunkenness;
and all three were committed on non-payment.
The following named individuals paid the
fines imposed: Patrick O’Mara, larceny of a
watch from Patrick Dec, S2O and costs; Thomas
Kelley and Thomas Mahoney, disturbing the
peace, $5 and costs each; Patrick O'Connor,
drunkenness, $2 and costs; James Keating,
drunkenness, $1 and costs.
John .McDonald was sentenced to a term ol
three months in the. bouse ol correction; Law
rence Fagan, up for drunkenness, disclosed the
name of the person of whom he obtained liquor,
and had his case placed on file. The case of
Bartholomew J. O’Leary, for truancy, was con
tinued.
The In ion Depot. -A heating took place
in Boston, yesterday, before the full bench of
tiie supreme court, on the acceptance of the
commissioners' report, as to the location of the
proposed union depot in this city. The points
urged against the acceptance of said report, as
has been previously stated, arc that, as lessee of
the Norwich and Worcester railroad, the Boston*
Hartford and Eric railroad is a party in the case,
and was entitled to notice of the appointment of
commissioners, and that such notice not having
been given, all proceedings under the act are
and, further, that the proceedings arc un
institutional, as ’.he act requires the construc
tion bv the roads of tracks outside their present
franchises, they not having accepted the act.
'The hearing was substantially the same os
hhat which took place before Judge Wells about
Ben days since, the Boston and Albany railroad
Company being represented by G. S. Hale and
E. R. Hoar, the city of Worcester by T. L. Nelson
mid Dwight Foster, tiie Norwich and Worcester
Olorerstcv mJ HaUn Spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 282.
by W. W. Rice, the and Worcester
by I*. F.bMV Aldrich, the Boston, Barre and
Udhhicr by F. I*. Goulding, ami the trustees and
assignees <»f th« 4 Boston, H irtloid and Erie by
T L. Lothrop and W.G. Russell. The accept*
mice of the comtnis loners’ report Is favored by
this city, the Boston and Albany railroad and
the Boston, Barre and G irdner railroad. It is
opposed by the Nashua, Norwich and Provi
dence roads. The arguments Were closed, but
the decision of the court was not given.
Till; State Guard Reunion,—The arrange
ments for the levee ami reunion of the State
Guard are being rapidly perfected, and there a|>
pears to be nothing to prevent an entertainment
alike pleasant to the participants and profitable
to the battalion. The affair will take place on
Friday evening, Dee. Bth, and the programme,-—
the details of which will be advertised in a few
days,—will include a dedicatory address, levee,
piomcnade concert, supper, and military and
civic ball. The committee on refreshments held
a large and enthusiastic mecti ig last evening,
and it was arranged that the lady members of
the committee proceed immediately with the
preparations, and report progress next Monday
night. The tickets for the entertainment arc
being rapidly sold by the members of the bat
talion. An important meeting of the State
Guard will beheld to-morrow evening, at which
the plans for the whole affair will be discussed.
Municipal Affairs.—The regular meeting
of the city council was held last evening. The
following petitions wrie received and referred to
the proper committees: From Charles Baker
Co., and others doing business on Manchester
street, for the repairing of that street so that
they will not be incommoded by the mud, as
they are at present, to the cominitec on high
ways; from W. 11. Jailkins lor remittance of
money paid by him to the city for the relaying
of sidewalk on Prospect street, when the same
had been torn up by the city; and from Alfred
Davis and C. B. R Claflin for damages caused
to their estates on Main street, near Hammond,
by the grading of sidewalk, to the committee on
sidewalks; from F. P. Goulding and others for
lamp on Benefit street, ami E. J. Spalding and
others for limp on Oread street, to the commit
tee on lighting streets.
The committee on education, to whom was
referred the order introduced at Ilie last meet
ing, authorizing the mayor to sell the old school
house on the common at auction, reported,
recommending the adoption of the order, with
the provision that the right io hold and occupy
the building until next July be retained. I lie
order was adopted.
The committee on finance, to whom was re
ferred the communication from the boa id of
overseers of the poor submitted to the council
Sept. 25th, recommending the purchase of 24
acres of land adjoining the city farm, reported
favorably to the purchase, and offered an order
authorizing the mayor, on behalf of the city,
to take a deed of the land and draw his order
on the city treasurer for payment therefor.
An order was adopted requesting the com
mittee on the monument to the late James B.
Blake to present a report at the next meeting
of the city council. Orders were also adopted
lur the repairing ol sidewalks in three places on
Thomas stieet, as petitioned for; and for chang
ing the nanus of llariisou avenue and Grant
street to Richland street, which makes the two
former into one.
J lie committee on fire department submitted
a report favoiing the attachment of the fire
alarm telegraph to the new bell in the high
school tower, and presented therewith an older
authorizing the committee to contract with
proper autlioi Hies tor such attachment at an ex
pense not to exceed 81000. The report was ac
cepted and order adopted in the board of alder
men, but in the common council the second
reading of the order was objected to and the
whole matter was laid on the table.
The committee on highways reported on the
order (icfcrred to them at the last meeting,) for
paying the damage incut red in the laying out
of Coral street. The report favored the adop
tion of the order, and it passed the upper
branch, but did not reach a second reading in
the common council. The sum necessary for
payment of the damages is about 81000.
I he decree laying out and locating Wellington
street, a second leading of which was objected
tv in the common council at the last previous
meeting, was taken from the table and referred
to the committee on highways—an unusual
course in the disposal of sir'll decrees, which
arc the results of highway committee investiga
tions.
A communication was received from W. W.
Rice, solicitor for the ('rompton carpet company,
asking for damages to the estate of said com
pany by the diversion of the water in Lynde
brook, and referred to the committee on water
The following resolution was received from
George Crompton, as chairman of the soldiers’
monument committee. It was unanimously
adopted at a r. cent meeting of the committee:
Resolved, that it is the desire of this committee
to express to the members of the city government
their glad appreciation ot the generous considera
tion which h is been accorded to their petition, for
an appropriation fora soldiers’ monument, and the
prompt action on Ilie sub} -ct, which, in their opin
ion, has commended itself to the unanimous ap
proval of this community.
The communication was accepted.
The decree layinu: out and locating Wood
land street was taken from the file in the l»oard
of aldermen, adopted, approved and allowed and
sent down for concurrence. In the common
council it was discovered that the decree had
been so drawn as t entangle the business of two
committees, and in that board so much of it as
referred to highways was referred to the. high
way committee, and so much of it as referred to
sidewalks to the committee on sidewalks. The
same course was taken with the decree laying
out the northerly portion of Waldo street. This
leaves these decrees in a similar condition as the
Wellington street decree.
The committee to whom was referred certain
petitions relative to the free public market, sub
mitted a report and otlcrcd an ordinance, both
of which were laid on the tabic in the common
council, where they were, presented. The ordi
nance repeals the law establishing the market,
and the report gives various reasons in support
of such action. Ihe committee state that they
find on investigation that the market, does not
bring the consumer into direct communication
with the producer, as was the intention when it
was established. They found that a very small
proportion of producers occupied stands in the
market, that it was entirely occupied iiy middle
men, tor whom the city is furnishing a stand,
lights am! other conveniences free. During the
lew first months of the market the producers
came forward, hut they gradual]}’ gave way, and
now it is almost entirely occupied by middle
men. As the ordinance establishing the market
forbids the peddling of fruits, vegetables, or
other farm produce within the mile circle with
in the time specified as market hours, the ten
dcticy is therefore to confine the 9alc of those
articles to the middle-men much more than be
fore the market was established. The commit
tee also found that nearly all us the meat sold
was by those who sell from eaits when not in
the market, and that the prices for meat arc less
only where the quality is poorer; that the mar
ket place is a nuisance in some respects, owing
to its location under the windows of the offices
in cily hail, and that the expense to the city in
maintaining it is not warranted by any benefit
derived by the citizens therefrom. The report ends
by saying: While your committee do not pro
pose to discuss the advantages which a well-iu
ranged mar Kot-house, under proper regulations,
might be to the community, the one in question
they unhesitatingly recommend should be abol
ished.’' The report and ordinance were laid on
the table on motion ot Councilman Henry, who
stated that a remonstrance had been sent in to
the other boaid and he thought it desirable to
hear Irom that before action.
In the board ol mayor and aldermen, the fol
lowing names were drawn Irom the jury box:
Samuel D. Nyc, Otis Bean, Hiram French,
Francis P. Oliver, Edwin A. Fawcett, E. H. San
ford, and Charles H. Ballard.
Thy cunnnuuicatiou from the couimittcc on
water relative to new supply mains was taken
from the table, but returned without discussion.
A certificate fur the payment of rent for the
armory of the militia companies of the city
during tlie past year was made out ami signed
by the board. The amount called for—s9oo—is
paid hack to the city tronl the state treasury.
A Warrant was issued for the election of city
offices on the 11th of December.
The resignation of Aiderman Sprague from
ward one was received and accepted.
Copies of writs were received from the owners
of nine estates or. the north side ot Front street,
petitioning for juries to assess damages to their
estates from the widening of said street. Ihey
were icfcrred to the city solicitor.
Adjourned for one week.
COUNTY NEWS.
An incendiary fire in Grafton, Sunday morn
ing, destroyed a barn on the Leland place,
owned by Ezek Saunders, with four horses ami
about twenty-five tons of hay.
Concert in Millbury .—The people of Mill
bury who had the courage to face the storm of
Friday night, to attend the concert in the Bap
tist church, were repaid by a line entertainment.
Solos of a vciy high character were performed
on the violin by Miss B. M., and on the piano by
Mr. E. B. Story. The vocalists were Miss Stone,
who sang superbly; Mrs. Ling, Messrs. Frank
and Emerson P. Knight, Anson Cutting ami C.
V. Mason. They all sang with as much care,
taste and spirit, as though they were singing to
a Boston audience, and were rewarded with
hearty and prolonged applause and several en
cores. The concert waJ got up and carried
through under the direction of Mr. Lvndon of
this city, who has had charge of the music at
that church for several years.
IndiiMrinl Filnrntimi in Fitchburg.
9 1 i l< HBURG, NOV. 25, 1871.
By invitation of the school committee, the
Hon. G. F. Hoar and Prof. C. O. Thompson of
Worcester, addressed the citizens of Fitchburg,
last evening, on industrial education. In spite
of the pouring rain, a fair audience was pres
ent. We are not informed whether these gen
tlemen, like some clergymen, have on hand a
park of ordnance of superior bore and range for
wet days, but certainly their addresses were in
every way admirable, and gave general satisfac
tion. The idea was forcibly brought out, that
the supremacy of New England, if she is to re
tain it in manufacturing and mechanical pur
suits, must rest in the future, not on her natural
facilities, but on outstripping her competitors
in educated brain power. That brain powercan
be put into available shape only through the
assistance of technical schools. In this connec
tion a very suggestive fact was mentioned by
one of the speakers, in the world’s fair at Lon
don, in 1851, out of one hundred depart
ments, England carried off the prizes in ninety.
In the exposition at Paris, sixteen years later,
out of one hundred departments, she was suc
cessful in barely ten, and these among thb lower
and courses grades of workmanship. In this brief
period England found herself driven out of the
markets of the world and this amazing advance
of continental manufacturing and industrial skill
is confessedly traceable to the technical schools
established in France, Switzerland Ger
many. One fact like this is worth a hundred
guesses and surmises. The origin of the Wor
cester industrial school, and its adaptation to
meet the urgent, acknowledged necessities of
our manufactures, were perspicuously set forth.
It strikes us that if the ct unity is half awake to
Ms own inteiests, if it has any disposition to
fore-arm itself against the certain perils of the
future, it wili make the most out of this institu
tion. At all events, an impulse in the right di
rection has been given to Fitchburg. s.
LATEST A EWS.

BY TELEGRAPH
TO THRWOBC’KSTEH DAILY IPY
From Washington.
MR. WADE.
Washington, D. C., Nov. 27.—Ex-Senator
Wade has decline t the tender made him by
Secretary Fish of president or umpire in the
boundary commission between England and
Liberia. Mr. Wade says his position as chief
law officer of the Northern Pacific railroad will
not permit him to be long enough away to at
tend to that business. The position be now
fills in the railroad company is one which was
offered to Minister Schenck prior to the latter
being appointed to the English mission.
ARIZONA.
Delegate McCormick to-day presented a pe
tition to the president, signed by all classes of
citizens in Arizona, asking that" the conti ol of
the Indian affairs be given to the military au
thorities and not to the peace commissioners.
The president took the petition and said he
hoped the order of General Schofield would
satisfy the people of Arizona. The government
intended to deal summarily and vigorously
with the Apaches, if,—after duly notifying them
to go and remain upon the new reservations,
where they would be fed and protected,--they
continued on the war path.
KUKLUX.
The sub-committee sent to Mississippi and
Alabama to look into the operations ol the ku
klux in those states, and of which Senator
Pratt is chairman, have sent the testimony taken
to the committee in season here. Senator Pratt’s
committee find that in Mississippi the kuklux
are operating chiefly against the educational
system, having burned nearly all the school
bouses in the state and driven teachers off. In
Alabama, the same lawless band determined to
break up all the Methodist Episcopal church so
cieties that have been established since the
close of the rebellion by northern missionaries,
and have succeeded pretty effectually in accom
plishing their object. Although the committee
found a bad condition of affairs in both states,
they believe the law can be vindicated without
declaring martial law.
Cuban News.
Excitement Concerning the Action of
Nome NtndentM, etc.
Havana, Nov. 27. —Last Thursday’ afternoon
a number of medical students of the roval uni
versity, Havana, jumped the walls of the ceme
tery, demolished the grave of Gonzalo Castcnon
and committed other excesses. The chaplain
attempted to remonstrate, but the students
stoned him away. On Saturday the governor of
Havana visited the university and demanded the
names.of the culprits; all the students remained
silent. The case was transferred to the conn
and several students testified. Six members of
the class were convicted and sent io prison, each
to be in solitary confinement. The court tem
porarily detained forty-two others who arc sus
pected of complicity. The court is working ac
tively, and, with the aid of the authorities, will
soon have before it all the guilty ones, who will
be punished ns severely as the law permits.
Al Havana, the weather is warm, the ther
mometer on Sunday standing at eighty.six.
Shortly alter the parade, yesterday, irregular
groups of volunteers assembled, and soon as
sumed large proportions. One body, numbering
several hundreds, assembled before the palace,
another near the Tacon theatre and a third
around the jail, all demanding the lives of the
young men implicated in the desecration of the
grave. Crowds of volunteers running through
the streets were ordered to join their companies,
and shouts of “Death to Traitors!” were given.
Acting Captain General Cresspo positively re
fused to deliver up the prisoners, stating that
the law must take its course. About eleven,
r. m., the voluntecrofficvrs got their men in or
der and under full control. Battalion after bat
talion marched towards the jail, and, at two
o’clock this morning, a court martial, composed
of officers of the regular ami volunteer forces,
assembled to try the prisoners. The court mar
tial is still in session. The city is quiet. The
volunteers continue marching to the jail, await
ing the result of the trial.
PolltlrnL
INDI ANA— VOORItr.ES.
Terre Haute, Ind., Nov. 27.—Dan W.
Voorhees, in a card published to-day, declares
in favor of a national democratic convention,
to be held the 22d of February next, for tiie pur
pose ol agreeing upon and republishing a
declaration of principles, which being done, the
convention should adjourn to a day fixed for
the nomination of a candidate for the presi
dency.
A ashington special says: It has come out
that a lobby is in process of organization in
this city and New York, for the purpose of the
wholesale bribery of the South Carolina legisla
ture, to secure financial legislation favorable to
the interests of the holders of the recent fraud
ulent bonds. It is presumed that $30,000 will
constitute a sufficient fund.
WORCESTER: TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 1871.
FROM EUROPE.
Grrnt llritain.
Till'. PRINCE OF WALES.
London, Nov. 27 —The last official bulletin of
the phvsicmns reports the condition of the pi Ince
of Wales upto ten o’clock this morning. He I
passed a sleepless night, the lever increasing, but I
the strength of the patient still holds out against
it. The queen is constantly at the bedside of
the prince.
Krening— The physicians in attendance upon
the prince of Wales issued a bulletin this even
ing, stating that the prince has iieen quieter
today. There is, however, no change in the
symptoms of the disease under which he is suf
fering.
PRINCESS ALEXANDRA.
A court circular in the Evening Journal an
nounces the Princess Alexandra ill.
RIOTING.
Some rioting was reported in Dover yesterday.
The disorder was easily suppressed by the local
authorities.
REPUBLICAN clubs.
The Paris Figaro savs there now exists in
England sixty-eight clubs devoted to republi
canism.
COLLISION AND LOSS OF LIFE.
A collision occurred last night of) the Irish
coast between ships Marmion and Oceola. The
hitler sunk. Several of the crew escaped by
jumping on board the Marmion, but nine are
still missing. It is hoped that they were saved
in one of the boats.
Riisaia*
WARLIKE.
London, Nov 27.—The Standard is informed
that Russia lias undertaken special armaments
on a gigantic scale. She is forming two fortified
camps,each to hold 180,000 men. One has been
established at Smolensk, the order will probably
be located on the Galician frontier. The Stand
ard has reason to believe that these military
preparations arc directed more particularly
against Austria, because the appointment of
Count Andrassi at the head of the imperial
council is regarded at St. Petersburg a a unfavor
able to Russia.
A UMfriß.
THE TRADE MARK QUESTION.
Vienna, Nov. 27.—John Jay, United States
minister to Austria, and Count Andrassy, min
ister of foreign affairs, have signed the interna
tional convention between the United Slates
and Austria, guaranteeing inviolability of trade
marks in the two countries.
France*
GAMBETTA CRITICIZED.
Paris, Nov 27.—Bishop Dupanloup|publishcs
a letter, siverely criticizing the sentiments ex
pressed by Gambetia in his speech recently dc-
Ihcred at St. Quentin.
rrniuuy.
OPENING OF THE PRUSSIAN DIET.
Berlin, Nov. 27.—The session of the Prus
sian diet was opened to-day by the king. His
speech points to the financial prosperity of the
country; proposes a general increase of official
salaries, and recommends encouragement of
railway enterprises. The speech was well re
ceived. I’hc king was loudly cheered on enter
ing and leaving the chamber.
ICe!”iii m.
decker’s resignation.
Brussels, Nov. 27.—The ministry has been
engaged to-day in discussing the resignation of
M. de Decker a< go/ernor of the province of
Limburg. It has not yet transpired what ac
tion was taken on the subject.
Italy.
OPENING OF PARLIAMENT.
Rome, Nov. 27. —For the first time since the
occupation of Rome the Italian parliament met
in this city, to-day. The opening speech was
delivered in person by King Victor Emanuel,
in opening, he alluded to the events connected
with the occupation of the city, and said Italy,
restored to heiself, had reconquered her place
in the world. He was convinced that Rome
would remain the scat of the pontificate. The
relations between Italy and all other nations, he
said, are friendly, and he believed that peace
would continue; but lie warned parliament that
they would be held to strict account in the fu
ture, if they neglected to perfect a thorough
reorganization of the military and naval forces
of the kingdom.
Mwitzcrland.
SUICIDE.
Lucerne, Nov. 27. —Count Gergenti, son-in
law of ex-Queen Isabella of Spain, has commit
ted suicide in this city.
Npain.
MARRIAGE OF MR. SICKLES
London, Nov. 27.—U. S. minister Sickles
was married at Madrid, today, to Miss Ureach,
and goes home on a visit.
Our New York Dispatches.
Slippery Richard Fiiiilm it I>itnciilt to
Obtniii Bail—The Probnble Arr«*Mt of
Swrctiy— About Tliomc Ring Hank*
Attempt to Rob Tiffany A <’o.—Jlimm
have in <4old for a
Nhorl Mumlcrl Kiigageinriit, etc.
New York, Nov. 27.—Up to this morning
Connolly had not obtained bail. He was still a
prisoner at the New York hotel, his doorkeeper
being a former clerk whom lie once removed,
but who now is a deputy sheriff.
The report of Connolly’s arrest created a sen
sation and surprised every one. The summons
was dated on the 22 I, and it was openly charged
that Mr. Brennan had purposely held it back
three days for tiie pm pose of arresting Mr. Con
nolly on Saturday, on which it is almost impos
sible to procure bail. A number of persons of
fered to become sureties, but were not able to
qualify in the sum necessary to make up the ag
gregate amount of the bond. The reason for
taking Mr. Connolly to the New York hotel was
its greater security. It is alleged the St. Patrick
alliance, an association largely fostered by Mr.
Connolly, had made threats of attempting to
rescue him.
Connolly was not bailed] late this afternoon.
The sureties found early in the dav,— Washing
ton Connolly, Michael Tuomey, Thomas J. Ca
hill, John Morrissey and Bernard Kelly,—were
unable to justify in the required amounts.
Henry Hart, it appears, declined to furnish se
curity, his brother and partner refusing assent
to assuming so large a responsibility. The gen
tlemen who have entered bonds thus fir are:
George Hoffman, $200,000; Owen McGovern,
$200,000; Washington Connolly, $100,000;
Thomas B. Connollv, $100,000; ami Charles
Connolly, $200,000; total, SBOO,OOO. It is said
that Connolly will be permitted to occupy rooms
at the New York hotel a reasonable period, but
if bail is not then obtained he will be commit
ted to Ludlow street jail.
Rumor says Tweed has resigned the office of
commissioner of public works, and Francis M.
Bixby, merchant, had been appointed his suc
cessor by Mayor II a I.
It is said that the prospective arrest of Peter
B. Sweeny will be the result of an investigation
of Jackson S. Schultz into the atfaiiS of the
Nassau bank, from which it would appear that
large amounts were deposited therein to the
credit of James M. Sweeny, at the same time
Woodward deposited for Tweed in the Broadway
bank, and that these moneys were really for Pe
ter B. Sweeny.
The receiver of the Bowling Green savings
bank will report its condition to depositors
Wednesday.
A meeting will be held this week of such men
as Oswald Ottendorfer, S. J. Tilden, Andrew
Green, A. R. Lawrence, T. M. Bixby, James
O'Brien, E. R. Robinson, J. Van Schaick, Benj.
Wood, Judge Brady, Samuel G. Courtney,
Henry R. Clinton, li. C. Murray, D. H.
Sjohler, Thomas Baez, and members of
tiie reform democratic general committee,
at which will be marked out a programme
for the reorganization for the ensuing
year. It is understood that they will not enter
tain any proposition looking to the rcoiganiza
tion of Tammany hall, nor have any political
association with those who have brought dis
grace upon the democratic party. A thorough
organization will, however, be made in all paits
of the city, and in doing this the doors will be
thrown open to the rank and file of Tammany,
and their co-operation and assistance invited.
Nov. 28—2 a. M.—At a late hour to-night
Cannot ly had procured but $900,000 bail.
Captain Addison Richardson, a long time
commander in the Havre packet line, died sud
denly on the steamer Bristol on passage from
Fall River to this city, Saturday. He was a
native of Salem, Mass., aged sixty-seven. He
leaves a family in Brooklyn.
Jacob Kopke, superintendent of a manufac
turing company, shot himself dead yesterday,
lie was laboring under the impression that he
was going to be arrested.
The Tribune says it i< believed that at least
one and perhaps three of the grand jury are in
active communication with the Tammany lead
ers.
Thieves, who chloroform passengers, arc prev
alent on trains from Washington.
Clara Louise Kellogg lias closed a contract to
sing twenty nights in San Francisco lor SIO,(MK)
in gold.
A burglar was caught this morning in the act
ot robbing Tiffany Co. of $15,000 worth of
watches.
The great sugar case of the United States vs.
Weld C is postponed till Dee. 16th.
Charles Pilgrim, a well known veterinary sur
geon, died on Saturday at Brooklyn.
John McCtimmiskev, tinsmith, was beaten to
death in South Brooklyn, last night, with base
hall clubs, by four men. John Haggerty, one of
the assailants, was arrested.
Ten new cases and four deaths from small |»ox
are reported to-day. There were 158 deaths
from this disease in Philadelphia, last week, and
Him ty two new eases reported there yesterday.
Alexis and suit attended the opera at the
Academy of Music to-night. They were cn
tuusiasiically received by the umUencc, wlnlu
the baud pluyed,
New England Dispatches.
M ISSAt IH SETTS.
Boston. Nov. 27. —Hon. Gideon Haynes bus
resigned ihe office of warden of the Massachu
setts state prison, to take effect January I.
Lewiston, Nov. 27 —A new bridge, 600 feet
long, across the Saco river at this point, wna
opened io public travel to-day. The roadway is
Covered with Nicholson paving. I’hc bridge
cost over $40,000.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Nov. 27.—The new National in* 1
surance companv organized today, with Mark j
Howard president, and James Nichols, secretary.
S‘<K k for a new insurance company, to be
called the “Orient. to be managed In the ma
chinery of the “City” insurance company, Is
nearly all taken.
the police commissioners to day failed to
choose a captain in place of C. D. Molt.
Criminal Secord.
ESCAPE OF PRISONERS.
New York. Nov. 27 —Morey Harris, Thos.
Murphy and Geo. Boyd, burglars, escaped from
jail in Jersey last night.
MORE PRISONERS ESCAPE.
Louisyl le, Ky Nov 27.—Four prisoners
ovcipowered the jailor at Franklin, Iml., Satur
day nL’ht, and escaped. One, a murderer, was
rvea|)tured.
THE MORMONS.
Salt Like, Nov. 27.—Leading Mormons say
Brigham Young will be here next Monday, if
the picvailing storm permits. He has been noti
fied by telegraph, an I, it is stated, has already
started for Salt Lake City. Elder Orson Pratt,
in the Tabernacle, yestcidav, preached with
great e irncstuess in favor of polygamy. He said
the Mormons would not surrender polygamy,
or any part of their religion, for any govern
incut. The remarks wi re received with loud
cries of “That’s so!'* “We won’t!’’
Fire Record.
AT EDINBURG, IND.,— LOSS 830,0'0.
Louisville, Nov. 27. —Thompson’s flouring
mill at Edinburg, Ind., was burned last night.
Loss SBO,OOO.
AT PORTSMOUTH, N. H, LOSS $12,000.
Portsmouth, Nov. 27.—A fire occurred in
this city this morning a little past one o’clock,
which destroyed the Catholic church ami ils en
tire contents, together with a large double house
ndjo'ning, occupied by the ofliciating priest,
Rev Canon Walsh. Most of the furniture in
the dwelling house was saved, although eonsid
erolily damaged by its sudden removal. The
church was insured for aoout 810 000 in the
Etna, Home and Hartford companies. The es
timated value of the property destroved is about
$12,000.
AT HOL LISTON—LOSS NOT ST ATED.
Boston, Nov. 27—A fire at Hollis’on,
Mass., this morning, destroyed L. B. White's
barh and contents, including two horses mid
fifteen cows,
AT ELLERRIIOUSE —MISS $55,000.
Halifax, Nov. 27.—The furniture establish
ment of Stephen Son, at Ellershouse, was
burned to-day. Loss $25,000; insurance $20,000.
AT PHILADELPHIA— LOSS NOT KNOWN.
PiiiLADELPina, Nov.27.—At ten this evening
the four-story building No. 806 Market stieet,
witli contents, was entirely burned. Ihe base
ment was occupied as a dining saloon; the first
floor by E M. Bloombergcr’s clothing store;
second floor by Frederick Resag, manufacturer of
looking glasses and picture frames; third floor,
in which the fire originated, was used as a wash
room by Resag, and the fourth floor by Barrett's
gymnasium. Losses not ascertained.
’l’hc M'rnthrr.
Washington, Nov. 27.—Brisk northwester
ly winds will probably diminish to-night and
veer to the northeast in the middle and eastern
states. By Tuesday noon pleasant weather will
prevail in the south Atlantic states. An area
of low barometer will dcvel >pe west of the Mi
sissippi, with cloudy and threatening weather
extending eastward to the Blue ridge. Partial
ly cloudy weather, with light winds, will pre
vail on the lakes.
TERRIBLE STORM.
Salt Lake: City, Nov. 27.—A despatch from
Cottonwood says that the stormshave not in the
least subsided, but, if possible,arc more fearful
than ever. 'I hey have not seen the sun since the
19th. Since Friday no teams have passed up or
down the canon.
A despatch from the Tintic mining district says
that a terrible snow storm has been raging there
for the last six hours. Another slide in Cotton
wood is reported, by which four men lost their
lives. The snow at Alta city is ten feet deep,
an<l at last accounts still storming furiously.
SNOW ON THE PLAINS.
Omaha, Nov. 27 —Snow fell to the depth of
one foot last night on the Laramie plains. All
passenger trains are on time to-day. Passen
gers from the east crossed the river this forenoon
on the boat.
Abbreviated OispatehCH.
It is said that Tom Scott has become president
of the Pennsylvania railroad.
At New York thirteen reform and two Tam
many aldermen are elected.
The trial of Collector Babb of Savannah, for
alleged fraud, commences at that place this
week.
Tweed says he is not going to run away, and
the baggage seen at his house was bring moved
from his country place at Greenwich.
Dr. Rudolph Bristol, formerly of the cis-Lei
than cabinet, has been appointed minister of
finance for the whole empire.
At a New York spiritualist meeting Sunday a
communication was received from IL J. Ray
mond that he was publishing a paper in the
spirit land.
At Washington, the usual congressional tem
perance meetings began on Sunday, conducted
by Dr. Chickeringot Boston, and Senator Pome
roy.
The colored freedmen resident in New Yoik
propose to give an entertainment to the Russian
sailors, who, like themselves, are emancipated
serfs.
The Sun’s Washington dispatch says that it
has high authority for stating that Judge Ed
wards Pierrepont is soon to||sueceed Secretary
Fish,and the latter will take Minister Schenck's
place.
Persons claiming to know, state that Gov.
Bullock, of Georgia, established a regular finan
cial ring, which made lots of money out of the
state, and that he fully deserves impeachment.
The alarm dispatches from Mexico are be
lieved to be very much exaggerated, and put
forth by enemies of Jaurez. Mexicans in New
York deny that there is any such condition of
affairs as the World s advices represent.
An analysis of the recent vote of New York
shows Scribner’s, republican majority tor
secretary of state, outside ol New York city,
was forty-eight thousand, and the majority lor
republican state senators averaged sixty
thousand outside the city.
'Hie revolutionists, under Gen. Trevino, at
tacked Saltillo on the sth. The fighting is still
going on. Gen. Rocha is advancing from San
Luis Polosi, with strong government forces, and
is within aiding distance.
A party of English capitalists, who have been
visiting California for the purpose of examin
ing the tide lauds in Sacramento and San Joa
quin valleys, with a view of entering on a large
reclamation project, report favorably. They will
start for London via New York to morrow.
.Many western representatives ar Washington
arc confident that Speaker Blaine will give the
chairmanship of the ways and means committee
to Ohio, and that either Gen. Garfield orShclla-
Inirgcr will be elected. Some New York mem
bers desire Wheeler. Pennsylvanians are still
working for Judge Kelley.
A Washington special states that prominent
portions of the president's message are a recom
mendation of abolition of ail internal taxation,
except on spirits, malt liquors, tobacco, and a
reduction of the t iritf it will not recommend
any change of the Indian policy, and will refer
briifly to the troubles in the south.
The crew of the brigantine Mary A. Davis of
Portland, Me., which foundered in lat. 81 on
her way from Sombrero to Philadelphia, have
airived at Santiago. Three of the wrecked
crew are on the Cristo! bound to Philadelphia.
Advices from Charleston show that Wade
Hampton has organized a kuklux defence com
mittee, lor the purpose of raising fifteen thou
sand dollars as a fund for counsel for the ku
klux prisoners. Three thousand dollars have
been assessed upon one county.
The New York Times makes glaring expos
ures of extravagance in the board of health,
police ami fire departments. In the former the
salaries a one have increased 80 per cent since
1808, and the expenses are nearly three times
greater. It takes twentv-two surgeons to keep
the police force m a perfect physical condition,
at a cost of $47,250, which is but a single ittm
of the outlay.
At the Wdliamsburv Mormon tabernacle on
Sunday, Elder Miks said: “On the day the
courts of the United States arrested Brigham
Young a sea of fire swept over the prairies.
Hundreds of lives were lost. Do >ou not, my
brethren, sec in this the hand of God laid bare?
Yes, the same day that place, where all this per
secution was concocted, was wiped out and laid
in ashes the city of Chicago.”
Ihe Tribune gives more facts relative to the
decline of our commerce, and shows that prior
to the time when Tammany obtained control of
the city, the rate of progress in all the elements
of wealth had been proportionate!v double for
sixty years to that of the nation at large, but
there has since been a decline in trade and pop
ulation so rapid that it has not a parallel in the
history of any city not afflicted bv war, fire or
pestilence.
A committee of influential citizens of South
Carolina, including Hou. J. D. Pope and ex-Gov.
Orr, publish the result ol their.examination of
the treasurer’s debt statement, which they rind
correct. Ihe committee it port that the* total
debt of South Carina is $11,995,398, exclusive
of S6,ooo,oQojowing in New York. The Ameri
can bank note company certify that they have
in their possession $6,000,660 in sterling funding I
and Gov. Scott has instructed them to
hfiiif fit* Hrnfc bonds or stocks ot any kind lor
this suihh
Rev. Dr. Ewer, of rhurch, Mew York,
recently offered his resignation 10 the iburcb
wardens, and this being accepted, he and a pot*
flofi of hi* eoitgrcgaiion left the church and re-
solved to organize ft? u separate body. Ihey
rented the church of the Holy Light, and on
Sunday Dr. Ewer preached his first sermon
there. The services were conducted according
to tlie most advanced forms of ritualism, the
edifice tiring darkened and gas kept burning
during the whole day. lapers were also kept
lighted on the commitnion table, mid a cross,
foimed of gas jet.*, glowed above. Nearly even
portion of the sermon wits interned. Dr. Ewci’s
sermon was devoted to explaining the purposes
for which thiflcarly church was established.
The Washington Chronicle, speaking pro
fessedly by authority, say*: “There seems to be
H misapprehension as to the icnl facts with re
gard to the withdrawal from this city of Mr.
Catacazv as minister of the Russian govern
ment. He has not been superseded as minister
proper, but is temporarily succeeded by Uol.
Gorlow, who acts as charge d’aflairs until a new
minister shall be appointed. Chat event is not
expected to transpire until Mr. Catacazy's re
turn to Ru.-sla. ‘ol. Gorlow is a military man,
and not likely to be appointed as minister
proper, for, according to the rules of the Rus
sian (liplotnntic service, men educated to the
military sei vice are not appointed to diplomatic
offices unless the exigencies of the public inter
est are such as to forbid delay, and then such
appointment is only made temporarily. The
Russian governmeni educates a corps lor dip o
matic service i specially, and from this source the
new minister will be selected.”
The arrivals of poultry, on Saturday, over the
four railroads terminating at the west end of
Boston, footed up about 700 boxes and 90 bar
rels.
(’ol. Gardiner Tufts, the Massachusetts state
agent, lias returned from Washington to Bos
ton, having succeeded in advancing to a favora
ble stage the last instalment of the Massachu
setts war claim.
IJATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amer!
can ana Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ar
plication* re-argued; Interbrence Cases Prosecuted;
Opinions given is to the validiiv and infringement ot
Patents and Suite prosecuted and defended iu the U. B
Courts, by
THOS. II DOnOE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman ofJtß*
Board of Appeals. U. 8. Patent office,) Counsellor st
taw. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, DodgefS
Block, eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Ma«.
nit
QU VER’S
STOVE STORE,
ÜBB MAIN »TKi:ET OIUI NO. 270
my2l dtf
$1 a rbto arc. .Stobcs. fa.
JPUKNACES
DUNKLEFJI PATENT SUPERIOR
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OK AB PORTABLE,
A. RUSSELL CO.,
30 BRIDGE BT., WORCESTER
Hole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yourselves that it is the best. Hot
Zir Furnace :n the market, having nearly double the
amount of healing surface, and a vapor pan so arranged
as t<> supply a ploasaui and agreeable heal, free from dust,
enioke and gas. as ilic many persons who have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a large and select stock Stoves, Tin, Iron, Copi
per and Glass ware.
Tin Roofing, Pump Work, and lohhing of all kinds at
tended to with ucatness and dispatch
A RI SHELL CO..
No. 3$ Soiithbrldge St.. Worcester,
m v* dtf
jgs TABLI 8H ED IN 18 2 5
W. K. AVIIEEIjER,
(Successor to Win, A. Wheeler,) manufacturer of
Allicbine, ICailrvittl. Iron, Itrass, and Conn
i>o*>ition
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FI RNACES. TILT AND DROP HAMMERS
Aqueduct, Gas and Steam Pine. Wire Machinery and
Annealers, Water Wheels. Elevators, Clay Grinders,
Corn and Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, Stop
Cocks, Whido Weights, Ac.
Sliafting. Mill Work ana Gearing. Forging, Pattern
Work and Machine Jobbing done to order.
IHOUAM HTKKET.
mhll dtf Worcester, Mass.
JRO N BTE EL, &C
the subscribers have constantly on hand a very I»rg.
assortment of IKUN AN II STEEL of all descrip
'ions Also,
ANVILS. CHAINS,
VISES, NUTS.
BELLOWS, WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES. HORSE SHOES.
HAMMERS, HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES, RASPS,
SPRINGS. TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES,
BEACH RAND, Ac., Ac.
which will be sold at the lowent prices, at the old ntanj
WASH INGTOxN SQUARE.
PRATT A INNMAN.
Worcester. April 1.1R66. deoptf aol
'Business ®nrHs.
W" A L TE R FREEMAN,
WHOLESALE DEALER IN
O Y S T E R S,
PS Dyer Pt., Providence, It. I.
All orders promptly attended to. d"m 019
A Y 8 T A T E HOUS E
WOBCEBTEB MASH.,
GEO. THRALL Proprietor.
JI OwLA ND SCOT T",
HORSE (LIPPERS.
Wr use the American ('lipping Machino, which for
style, thoroughness, air* good work cannot be rqutllei.
All work warranted to give satisfaction. Can he found
at the Adams Ex pros Stables, Foster st., Worcester.
C. N. HOWLAND.
n 6 dim* QEO. A. SCOTT
SIL PRENTISS, Clairvoyant Physi-
ciao, having returned to the city, may be found at
No 92 Orange st., the Iwo last weeks in each month
nM» diw*
TKSURANCE FI RE PROOF SAFES.
S. A. HOWLAND,
ST.,
je3 dt t Opposite the Tost Office.
J) It. A A HO W L AND,
UENTIST,
367 Main St.. Worcester.
aul dtf Grout’s New Block.
BM. PEVEY.—rV DENTIST,
Office and residence.
TO Pleasant Nt., foot of dieotnut Nt.
aull <l6in
PROGRAMMES, rHEATKE BILLS
AVCTION ASl> OTHER
Handbills and Posters,
Executed at very short notice
by the undersigned, with
FANT POWER I* RENNES.
Aho, Fine Joh and Card Printing.
U Agency for Sherwin’s Heady-strung Direction
Labels, and Shipping Cards.
CH AS. HAMILTON.
IS deoptf 11 nn«l 12 Central Exrhiinar.
MRS. K. A. BLANCH ABD-Medical
Clairvoyant Business and l est Medium. No. 55
Mechanic st. Clairvoyant remedies constantly on band
and sent bv mail A3m* *ls
eG. W. ELKINS, 264 Mam st.,
IS
the only man who makes Clock Repairing a
specialt v. Cleans all kinds of Clocks.
Clocks put up if desired.
An assortment of Clocks for sale. Al]
work warranted.
mvl.l dtf ELKINS A- DUNCAN.
H. GREENWOOP, Ahtioxekh,
I*t Mat. Itnnk Huildinic.
Attends to sales in any part of Worcester Co.
nt dttal
EA K L B F U L LE R
A KCIIITECTB,
People’s Savings Bank Building,
Ito. 2’2 MAIN BTBEKT. Worcester,Mass.
Bcephkn C. Eaklk. James E. Fulleb
P. AMES?
.JOB WAGON-XO. 110.
Families moved by careful men, Carpets Cleaned.
Maile and Put Dawn. Alsu, linings furnlsned. windows
washed, office a:nl turnace tire- kept. Ac. One Price
only Residence 35 North Ashland st. Osier slate No.
1 I’o*l Office Budding. Al! orders prompt v attilined to.
H‘2s dtf
t LBXa ND B K LOKI MB B»
■a*- Manufacturer and dealer in
RUSSIA, MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP CORD;
AGE.
Bed Cords, Cotton Clothes Lines Steam Packing. Fish
Lines. Twine. Pulley Blocks,
Wholesaled Retail.
Corne-of Exchange and Blackstone streets.
Worcester Ma** den*
IYSTKRS!—Our arrangements with the
_F ptanters and Shippers nt Providence, Fair Haven,
and Norwich, are such as we have
FreeM OyatcrM three time* every day,
and art 1 prepared to furnish dealers, hotels, saloons, and
private iaiQitiea at the toaest possible rates.
Country order* promptly attended to.
W M. O'GK.UH «V NON,
JAI W&su Al 3 Main Kt.
PRICE I EN I S.
ffofucs.
IT WILL KESTOHK THE COLOR TO
GRAY OR FADED HAIR!
AV A 11 R K N S
AIM PHI SOBOL'S
Hah' Resloi er
Secured in I'nite.l States l'atetit Office, Sept. 19,1H71.
No SKIHMKNr. Cl.» \R AS WATER AXI» AS I'l RE. If
contains no ml. Alcohol or Spirit*; consequently it will
not Gum the Hai.- or in ik- it drv and wiry. No ’‘Urate
of Sl.ver, Sugar of Lead, Lae sulphur, Ac. It will
KENTO RE Till'. COLO IC
Io Gray or Fa<led Hair It will PREVENT the Hair from
falling oil. Il wtll tend to
MAKE THE HAIR GROW.
MAM FACTriIEU BT
EDWIA L W VIUHA,
Apothecary,
IN HAT MTATE 110 I Ml. M OKI 'ESTER
To whom all orders should be mldrcsavd.
o:Mr dtf
HARNESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
JrtNKI) AND ITNIrtISKIJ,
MROL KOBES!
HOUSE HEANKETS?
tIRIIXGI.ES nn«l
WHIPH
A tock equal to any tn the city, which we arc selling
at Low I'rlces, at.
LAMSON, GWZIfR CO.'S,
n 7 dtf 202, 204 and 20« Main st.
Dollar reward soap Washes
without riib'iiinr; Removes Pih-h, Tar. Paint.
ft reuse, Sireat an<i leather Stains, Ac. Waslit s with
Hot or Cold, Hard, Sufi, or Sall Water; Saves Labor,
lime. Fuel. Clothes,and Money. Clothes washed with
Il wear twice a> long as if washed wilh common soap.
<>ne pound of it will wash Irmn ten to fifteen dozen
nieces of ordinary family wsshlng. It washes the jinett
lace without injury, and rentiers all articles as clear and
bright as new.
The Dollar Reward Snap!
Try it in the Bathroom; it leaves the kin cool, smooth
ami soft Use it to cleanse your Marble Ornament-.
Mantels. Door steps. Ac., anti Brick Walks an<l Alleys.
F*e it with semiring-brick in cleansing Iron or steel; it
saves half the labor, and give* a belter appearance. 11
makes iin Ware shine like new, ami has no equal in
cleansing glass or china Dissolve' m Isdling water,
makes the best and cheapest Sofi Soap in the world-
For sale by HOLDEN BROS., Worcester. d3m
pASHA ALTS
ARABIAN COFFEE,
One l.b. Foil Package*. 40 Eb-
RETAIL I’KICE, ‘JO CENTS A POUND.
CHEA
HE A I/I’II Y I
Lt OMHI K' A 1. I
BELK KUS
'KY IT.
Jr Grocers, send for Price List.
CEOICCE N. All AMN A
d,tw3ni Nos. 340 Ac 312 Washington st.. New York.
yy ELU 11 G R I FF 1 T II S
CELEBRATED
ISA w s
V. IMIO MA WM,
I KONN-CUT SA %VS, ot all descriptions,
Arc Superior to all Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
For sale by Hardware and Country Dealers, and
•.lie Manufacturers.
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
7 iht«3m 115,1 111 Federal BoMim.
mHE
WISCiaNI V EXTRAL
Railroad Co's
KIR S T MOR T <3- 7k O K
Seven Per Cent. <«old
LAND GRANT SINKING FUND BOND.
FREE OF GOVERNMENT TAX.
miles nearly completed- IO more under contract.
Fumis on han I to build this Id,* miles and equip it.
These Imnds me issued no taster than $25,01X1 per mile
on road completed and equipped.
SEC VIC Ell
By Road, Franchises, Rolling Stock. Buildings, and all
other Property, including over
700,000 Acres
THIBUIt AMi HUH LAVDS.
The whole based upon a large cash stioscnpf ion uy many
of iln' best and most well known merchants of Boston
and New York.
OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY.
GARDNER CoLBY President.
Hon. GEO. I.'EED Vice Preaident
Hon. SAM'L IE WALL-Y Treasurer.
(President Nat. Revere Bank Boston.)
TRUSTEES.
Hon. GEO. T. BIGELOW, Actuary of the Mass.
Hospital Life Ins. Co., Boston.
JOHN A. SIEW IK’. Esq. President Vnitel States
Trust Co., New York.
These Bonds will lie sold at 95 and accrued interest
in currency.
United States Bonds taken in exchange at market
ra es, free of commissions
400 in I S. 5-JI-. yielding an income of
per year >n gold, will pur. ha*e to-day 10.000 of
Wi.s. ('ent. R. R. Bonds, yielding an income of #7OO
per year in gold.
We strongly recommend these Bonds to all classes of
investors.
HRKWS r rRR, SWKKT Ac CO.,
No. 40 State Nt., Boston.
o'.’k dim
WORCESTER
Industrial lilvertising Agency
A N l>
GENEKAI. INTELLIGENCE OFFICE,
Room No. 1 Rogers’ Block,
Corner Main and Pleasant streets.
Life, Fire noil Accidental luMiirance
Promptly Attended to.
HOUSES. TENEMENTS. SHOPS, STORES. ROOMS,
AC SECURED FOR THOSE WHO WISH.
rroperfy Rented, Bills Collected, Situations Found for
Domestics, and Help obtained on the most reasonable
terms. Domestics secured for general housework, cooks,
chambermaids, kitchen girls, table waiters for hotels
ami saloons, and general Information given to those who
are coming into the city’ and are looking tor work, or de
sire a situation in any kind Of business.
K. HUBBARD.
AGENTS W ANTED—To canvass the country and
sell Patent Articlesand Yankee Notions.
office hours from 8 to 12, iroin 2 io 5, and 6 to K
«2l dtf
T H E
WILDER AND IVARVINS
PROOF SAFES cm still be
Sy .H&SauaJ' I"U1 at Ihe Agent.'. N« as Pearl
Nt., opposite I’o-t Office.
s. k-HOWLAXB.
NEW ST I' M MA RB L B AX D
SLONE WORKS.
Having Introduced machinery Into our business, we
are confident that, with our large experience, practical
knowledge, and personal attention, we are prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimining-, Monu
ment-. Tablet- and Grave Stones, Chimney Pieces,
Bracket Stlnvcs, Table and Bureau Tops. Sinks, and
every description ot work made from Marble and Stone,
at the lowest cash prices.
Thankflil lor past confidence and patronage, we solicit
a continuance of the same. TAT I-IM Ac HORGAN,
dtf 131 Central st.. Worcester. Mas*.
/COMMONWEALTH OF MASSAUHU
setts. Worcester, ss. Municipal Court of the
city of Worcester, Novetnlicr 18i’», IN7L
Bridget Curtis, Plaintiff.
Jeremiah Olney and Otis Fisher, copartners, doing
business umhr the firm name of Olnex A- Fi>her. both
of the state oi Connecticut, Defendants, ami Lovell
Baker of Worcester. Trustee
In an action of Contract tor the recovery of Twenty
six 50-100 Dollars, as appeals by the writ in this action.
And now it appcariiu to said Court that sail Detend
ants, at the time, ut the service of the writ, were not
inhabitants of or rest lents in this Cuunnonwealth,
It is ordered th it notice be given to said Defendants
appear at a term of said Court to be hidden at the City
ot Worcester aforesaid on .Saturday, the t went'-ibird
day of Decemlier next, or their default will be recorded
and judgment reudetcd against them, and that -aid
notice lie given bv publishing an attested copy of this
order, in Uiu Worcester Daily spv a Newspaper printed
in Worcester in said County of Worcester, three weeks
successively, the last publication to be fourteen days
Iwtore the said 23*1 day oi Decemner, or by serving them
with an attesu-d copy of this order, seven days before
the sold 23<1 day of December.
Attest T. 8. JOHNSON. Clerk.
4 Copv. Attest: T. S. JOHXSUS, VlvDt
Oil 48»W
AU VKHIBIAH MA TEL
l> Daily Rfy— For the ••Hqntrr' of tin ’are io!
mate type, I time7s cts.; each subsequent insertion M
As.; 1 week f 2 7>; 2 weeks fl «0; I month |H.OO; 1 year
|6o—and the name rate proportionally for any nnmbcr o
muarea. Two'<nes for one week 91.00; three Une >1 25;
our linos >1.37; five line->1 50. Local notices 25 cent a
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 ernte p< r
'ine. Obituary notice*, resolutions, a< enfs per line
Legal mlvertiscmrnla ll.uu per square for first itsef
'don; each subsequent insertion vii enta,
Special positions* in the paper, and special atylea of
Uaplay, will tie charged extra rates. (tits and double
column advertisements allowed only to a Until<*d extent.
»nd double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wi FKi.T Nrv—First insertion >I.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 ccntF; 3 months S7.UO; one
yc.ir I? ..no.
100,000,(100
WILL BE REDEEMED BY THE GOVERNMENT
IN DI EMBER NEXT.
Many holder, of tho-e ccuiltn have Itecn converting
I hem, t liioitgh us, mio
Peoria anil Rock Island First Mort
gage percent. Convertible
Gold Ronds,
thtreby adding PER f'EXT T" THEIR CAPb
T\L. ami alanit 15 PER /.XT. to th i r I AIH.Y
INCOME.
We recommend lbc-e bonds strongly, for the follow ng
reasons:
The Road, ninety-one miles In Irnrth. is already
COM PI.ETE|>, and earning m'tc' m»re than the
interfit on the whole, issue of bonds.
The moi I gage. #1,.>00,0v0, I- Ie s than #IG,«
500 per mile.
The toad passes t'Tmmli a rich, popnlotis, agricultural,
manulacturing, 'nd coal district.
II connects I’mria and Rock Island, two of the largest,
and most nourishing cities in Illinois, and forms part of
a trunk line from limian ipolis to St. Eau'. 57* miles. It.
also connects Iwo nayTrabh* rivers—the Illinois and Mis
sissippi. The Imnds arc authorized for the extra equip
ments ami necessary buildings required Io do the husmesv
now offered.
Nra r ly half the entire loan has alrea<ly been sold
They are coupon hum! #I,OOO each, and can Im
registered if desire I.
Interest, seven per cent gold, free ol tax, payable
February and August.
I’rb OO and Interest, in currency
Maps and lull particulars turnhhed by
II RM R Himi lli Rs,
No. 14 Nassau st., New York.
The Bonds are al o for sale by D. E. MERRIAM,
Cashier. Leicester. Mass.
RK'F. WHITING A BELUM K,
olfi dtf Woree Mt
IjARVKV FISK. A. S HATCH.
I INK A HVH I!,
BANKERS
and Dealers in Government Securities,
NO. S NANNAI STREET.
New York. Nov. 20.1871.
KTbc successful ami rapid negotiation of nearly three
fourth- ol the FIFTEEN MIEEION EOAN
OF TIIE <ll INAPEAKE INI) OHIO
ICAII.ICOAD OMI* A NV, and ihe energetic
prosecution of the work of extension and preparation of
the Road for an extensive mineral, agricultural, and
hrough tratlir, have placed the financial affairs and re
source.- of the Coninany upon such a ba-is, that we aie
directed to advance the price for future sales of the
Bonds, as xplained in the following letter us Mr. Umi*
tington. President of tiie Company
Office Chfsapbakr and onto Railroad Compam,
M William Street. New York.
November 18, 1871.
Messrs. Fisk A Hatch,
Bankers and Financial Agent C. A O. R. R. CO.:
ifenUemen:
The Western Division of the Chesapeake and Ohio
Railroad, comprising the 9-> mih bet ween Hun ington,
<>n Ilie fdiio River, and the month ol >ew River (.above
Hie Falls of Kanawoa.i now -üb-iantialiy completed,
a id w ill, in a tew day-, Ite ready io do the immense coal
and other bn-im th uls awaiting its complet on The
Eastern Division, coinin' sing 227 mile-, bt tween White
sulphur Springs mid lih-liimind, is now in complete
order and operation. Ihe grading anil mason
ry on eleven of the 102 miles. Ik I ween (he nmilth of Si w
River and White Sulphur Springs, is coinpl' re, and the
work on the remaining 91 mifc> is so far i.dvaiiced that
track layin; will be commenced on rhi- portion of the
road in wtiy next, and continue without interruption
until Ihe whole line is completed.
In view of these fact.-, you are herein directed to make
no further sales of the Bond- ol said Comp-ny at a let-8
price than 94 and accrued interes', at which price y«?u
will continue tosell until further ordeis.
Very respect ully yours,
I*. lIVNTINOTON. PrcMdent.
In compliance with tiie foregoing instrmtlons, the
price of the Bonds, from this date, until further orders,
will be IM and accrued interest.
Tiie scarcity of. and demand for, really
Desirable Six Per Cent. Gold Bonds,
for solid and permanent investments, Is evinced by the
facts that
Five-Twenty Rond* of 1867 arc-ellingat.. 115
I'entral Pacific Bonds are selling at 1058
I'heaapeoke <V Ohio B«»nua arc selling at. 9-A
These l*»nds all pay both principal and interest in Nt W
York Cily, in t s. gold coin, and are equally sale tor
invest incut.
The reason why Fivk-Twentt Bonds are so high i
because no more cm be issued, and ihe outstanding
amount is being rapidly decreased by purchases by the
Government from their surplus revenues.
The reason why we think Uektbal Pacific Bonds
wilt in time advance to ihe price of Five t wenties, is be
cause no more can be issued; while the operation oi their
Sinking Fumi will soon (•ommence to decrease the
amount.
The rca-on why (Tiehvpeake and Onto Bonds are
selling so low, comparaitvi ly. while equally safe, is be
cause the Company ate selling Bends io ccinp de t
road. They will all be sold in a lion time, and in a few
months the road will be finished, when wc have no doubt
the same result will follow as with Five Twenty and
Central Pacific Bond.-. The Sinking Fund ot the Chesa
peake and Ohio must go into effect within one year after
the comjletiun of the road.
The Chcaapruke <V Ohio Bonds are ls.-ued
either coup m or registered—the denominations are as
tdlows:
SIOO. which c »st to^l'y $94.13
SSOO. 171 50
SI.OOO, 913.13
Order* for Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds may he sent
through any National B ink or Bank l r; or accompanied
with Drafts or Checks, {may be forwarded to us by mail.
Bonds or money may he forwarded by any responsible
Express Company at our expense, and the Chesapeake
and Ohio Bonds, in exchange, will be sent by return
Express, charges paid.
We buy and sell Government and Crntrai. Pacific
Bonds, and receive them in exchange for Chesapeake
and Onto Bonds.
Accounts of bank*, bankers and others received, on
which we allow interest at the rate of four percent, per
annum.
FISK HATCH,
nt dcopAweop'Jm FHimreinl A sent*,
gTO Si B is I’ OW N K It,
BANKERS,
28 State St., Boston.
DEALER* IN
American and Foreign Specie and Coupons.
HUY AMI NEU,
City. State. Count* and United States Bond?.
AGENT* FO IC MALE OF
BDRUNGTON. CKDAR ifAPIDS. and MINNESOTA FtEST
Mortgage It. R. Bonds. 7 per cent, in Gold
Northern I'a< ihc R. If. Bonds, 7 J 10 in Gold, and the
U. S. Flndfd Loan.
ALSO, FOK SALE,
European and North American First Mortgage R.
K. Bonds, 6 per cent. tn Gold, at 90 and interest.
We draw Exchange on *sm FnmriM'U. Mon
treal, Ml. •I«hn, and Halllnx, mil Buy an- .oil
on Commission Storks and Bonds in Boston and New
York. Inquiries by mail promptly answered.
Special attention to package* received by express.
>2O deop3m
WALKER, ANDREWS (0.,
33 "W nil St., N>w York,
ANDREWS CO.,
IO Place Vendome, Paris,
BANKERS.
Bonds, Stocks and Gohl bought and sold on commission
Deposits received at interest. Loan.; negotiated.
Travelers' and Commercial Credits issued.
Exchange drawn on Paris, and on the
IMO.Y BAAH OF LONDON.
919 deeply
jj »T ABR O 6 K ~S MI T H
have a few thousand dollars
TO LOAY
for a short time.
KOOM NO. 3 ROGERS' BLOCK, corner
Mainand Pleasant st* dir
JUONBY
TO LOAN!
jltf L. A. ELY A t