Cribune,
me
PRICE FOUR CENTS.
Co) sass LL EL Ve ie al Stadt BART
NEW-YORK. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1871
A

uc
CT
vt
FOREIGN NEWS.
you XX XL..N% 9,588,
GREAT BRITAIN.
HE PRINCE OF WALES=L HET
NOFT
CONDITIO Ff: PRIRCE OF W/ roo
CONDITION CF FR Be CE NT
ABLE REPORTS.
LoxDON, Wednesday, Dee n, 1871
The noon bulletin from Sandringhs® to-day,
reports that His Royal Highness the prince of Wales
passed a quict night, but that convalesoante 1 retarded
by a painful affection above the left hip sccompanied by
feverishness.” No inquietude i8 felt to the Prince's
condition, but regret and disappotmiment at the slow
ness of his recovery are generally expressed. Hopes had
been raised that the Prince would be able to go out be
fore the end of the holidays, and preparations for public
rejoicing had been made. Te pon-realization of these
expectations throws a damper 0 the festivities of the
season. Her Majesty Queed Victoria left Windsor for
Rend ringhaw this aftern®d:
TIE LIBERTY of THE PRESS TO BE STILL, PLK
THER REssR!I CTED—DEFEAT OF THE INCUNE
TAX BUS PARIE, Wednesday, Dec. 27, 1871,
The Minister of the Interior, to check the
license of the public journals, proposes to increase the
stringesey of the laws and regulations for the control of
the press. It is understood that the Minister's inten
t,op8 have the approval of the President, and that the
Joarnals most offending will soon be made to feel their
fect,
1u the National Assembly, to day. the proposed income
tax was again under discussion. The Minister of Fi
nance, M. Pouycr-Quertier, spoke in opposition to the
weasure, which he denounced as arbitrary and inguisi
torial. The gpeaker cited Lord Brougham and President
Grant in support of this remark, In the course of allu
wions to England, the Minister asserted that she wae only
a Free-Trader where there was no competition, M.
Woloski's proposal for the imposition of a general iu
come tax was pally voted upon, aud Was rejected by a
large majority.
The ladies of Strasbourg have orgamzed a Conanittec
to receive subscriptions toward the pa) ment of the
French indemnity to Germany.
M. de Gonlard. the new French Minister to Ttaly, w il
leave for Rowe on the 10th of January. Gen, William T
sherman and Licot, Graut are expected to srnive in this
city tou ITOWw
nc
OPENING OF PARLIAMENT.
OPENING OF PARLIAMENT.
Vienna, Wednesday, Dec. 27, 1871,
The sessions of the Austrian Reichsrath were
op ned to-day, but the Emperor's speech will not he de
hvered until to-morrow. The estimates of the Minister
of Finance, for the coming fiscal year, were submitted,
and give the probable expenditures at SoV,000,000 florius,
against a revenue of 59,000,000.
Prince Karl Auersperg has been appointed resident
of the Upper House of the Reicherath. The Hon. Jolin
Juv. the Awerican Mitaster, dined with the Prewier,
Count Andifissv, last week. Representatives of all tlhe
Europeans Powers werd present on the occasion,
tl.
MOLD RE-ENFORCEMENTS FOR CURA,
MADRID, Wedpesday, Dec. 47, 1871,
A regiment of Chaesenrs sailed to-day from
Santander to yon the Spanish army in Cuba, Hise Maj:
exty King Amadens was present, and made a farewell
specced 10 the troops, causing immense enthusiasm,

YOUNG MLN TO BE EDUCATED IN ENGLISH
SCIHGOLS.
Loxpoys, Wednesday, Dec. 27, 1571.
Dispatches from Shanghai announce that
the Chinese Government has determined to follow the
example of the Japanese and end yOuug en to Ens and
and the United Stales Ww be educated 1u tue rchouls of
hurd CORLLTIIUS,
tl
THE DIAMOND FIELDS DESERTED FOR NEW LX
1iIsCOVERED GOLD MINES.
LONDON, Wednesday, Dec. 27, I8TL
I'he wail steamer from the Cape of Good
Hope bas arrived, and brings accounts of the mauner io
which the announcement of the annexation of African
territory to the British dominions was received by the
juhabitants. The intelligence that tae treaty had been
finally concluded produced much excitement. Mr,
Brand, President of the Free states, had issued a formal
protest agninst the trapsier of the diamond ficlds tw
Great Britain.
D.scoveries of gold in considerable quantities had been
1oade in the Trausvaal fupunlic. The reports attracted
any adventurers to thal guerter, The diamond seekers
were abandoning the disond distnets for the newiy
discovered gold country, Cape Town is sull througed
with arriving and returning fortune hunters, Tue hue,
Leee of Lhe coloby Was waking great slides,
etl
A FRUTAL ORDER FROM VALMASFDA—A WAR OF
EXTERMINATION ORDERED AGAINST Th
PATRIOTS.
HAVANA, Dee. 27. Captain-General Val
maseda has issued un proclamation in whch he Rays the
ofter of pardon 10 the insurgents cannot last forever, He
Low gives notice that every insurgent captured after the
35th of January will be shot, and those surrendering
alter that date will he sentenced to perpetual imprigon
ment. The negro men are 10 be treated the sae as the
whites. All negro women eaptnred will be delivered to
the ir owners, and will be compelled to wear a chan Tor
four years, and all white women captured in the woods
after the 15th of Jannary will he banished from the
country. The chiefs of insnrgent bande will be allowed
to surrender unti! the 15th of January under the con
ditions hitherto granted,
Au engagenient has recently taken place reir Mapza.
who, in which the Spanish Col. Ohpegon was killed,
A communication from the authorities of Cienfuegos
hax been received in thie city, The document gays: The
father of Dr. Howard came here as a colonist with
hus #ous, 2nd received ands from the Government as
repompenss  Snh=cquently he war appoluted commis
uty 01 poco, and thereby heeane a Government official
Di. Howard was always considered a Spaniard, bu
vever held an office, beluga physician. On the 10th o
January, 1570, Dr. Howard took ont a police document
the same aw fs fsened to Spaniards, and made fo objec
Lon taut. 1s thevetore considered aoubttul whether
Dr Howard is uli American,

THE NEW DOMINION
THE PETS TROOPS ORDEKED HOME FROM
HALIFAX—POLITICAL TKOU BLES IN PRINCL
EDWARD ISLAND.
Mavieax, Dec. 21.—-1t js reported on good
Sotwiiy te &U the British twoops, except a few art)!
ery il w withdrawn in the Spring from Halifax, whic)
iy thi only garvisoned City Iu the Dominion,
bu Conupitlee appointed by the price Edward
Wud Sbporition to present a memorial to Gov. Robin
Why vere “Uaome length the Governor's reply.
"GE a the principle that the Goveruor ean only
ars thio on of want of coutidence iy his ad
Vrce ink vole of Parliament, jx based on the
part o Where Parliament is in session the
ply Lo smal ear, aud war never intended to ap
weeks, The Gover Where Paliawent ouly sits a few
Hous of the RjorityRe GECirion to ignore the expres.
they My, the wer ampatht House of Assen) AA, io
uture acta of his advigh 91 responsibility oo all the
os Of the Went 11 digi he ought not to take,
JIT To ae EVI Yue are quarsutitnug Haly
A Nowak Tudia tr sholora Peron, aud wach
th the Went Tata Yonsei sol] Lhkrehs.
Frovineial Govern on eq! ve Fin, 0

sul 10 hay y Ian a vhicra reports, the
iy ave the Tentrietiqy, rR Bpanisy oy
MM Cuba and Vortan
tal 0 I]
TROSPECTIVE REVISION br Tig TRATES with
ot IGN POWERS— Aen 8 TARYN By yoke
FI8N ay
The Japan Sewspapers are begin ning to dig
Puss the question We revision of the treatiog between
Japan and foreign BRions. This Fevision, Ns been
Sipuiated, sha 1 ke Pace on and after the 1a July,
ia I becom bottled Ouvictie
the Mindy of foreign ry Tesldeny Japan
Wit, when he treating Ure revieeq, Provigy,,
shoyld pe ade for opening UD the whee country,
The ready, whiey forws fhe basis of all a
Lreatics het woes, Japan and foreigy Nations, we, a cop.
COMIN Procure by Commogep, Perry, Kpecia) Commi,
Sover of gh, Uniteq Btatey Governmeny, aud wy Signed
M Kasagav,, March 31, 145, The ports of Biwody and
FRANCE.
AUSTRIA.
SPAIN.

CHINA.
AYRICA.
CUBA.
JAPAN
of Hakodate were opened to American ships, at which
places these ships might ebtain supplies. In the event
of shipwreck, the ships and marmes of both America
and Japan were to be assisted without the expense being
refunded; the shipwrecked persons were not to be beld
in prison, and foreigners residing at the two new ports
were not to be subject to such. restrictions and eonfine
ments as those to which the Dutch and Chinese then
were subjected at Nagasaki, but were, within certain
limite, to be freo to go where they pleased. Trade, un
der such restrictions as might be imposed by the Ja
panese Government, waa to be permitted. Leave Was
also granted to the United States Government to appoint
Consuls at the opened ports.)
Acting under instructions from his official chief, Mr.
Robertson, British Consul at Yokohama, a short time A420
issued a circular, calling upon British merchants to ex
press their views with respect to the conten plated re
vision of the treaty with Great Britain, “le Special
Committee of the Yokohama Chambe. of Commerce,
appointed to take Into consideration the same
gnbject, invited the opinions and suggestions of
the mercantile community with reference thereto,
not only from those who are members of the Chamber,
but also from other Derek interested in trade. The
Japanese Government also 1s sald to be anxiously de
liberating on the same mater. The British Minister,
Sir Henry Parkes, and the German Chargé d’Aflalres,
Herr von Brandt, wbo are now in Europe,
will confer with the foreign bureaus of their
respective Governwents, M. Outrey, the French
Minister, 18 on the point of leaving for France, and
Mr. De Long, the American Minister, it 18 sald, will pres
ently avail himself of a leave of absence. Both the
French and American ministers will doubtless take the
opportunity they will have to inform their respective
governments of the working of existing treaties, and,
after submitting their views, will receive 1mstructions
for their future course of conduct. Moreover a mission,
consisting of five or six of the highest Sapanse officials,
among whom are mentioned Iwakura, Ito, Okubo, and
Yamada, is shortly to be dispatched for America aud En
rope. The object of this mission has not vet heen made
public, but ix supposed to be to acquire information
respecting the revision of the treaties,
THE COMMITTEE ON RETRENCHMEDN T.
J
INTIMIDATION OF MERCHANTS BY CUSTOM
HOUSE RUNNERS—A THOROUGH INVESTIGA
TION DEMANDED.
The Senate Committee on Investigation and
Retrenchment will begin its work tn New-York on Jan. 8.
Much anxiety is wanifested by the merchants to know
whether the investigation and examination of WItDesser
will be held in the Custow-House, It 8 uni
versally clahmed that this wonld greatly  limpair,
if not wholly frustrate, the oljects of a
thorough Investigation, A promivent senator who
bas interested himself in the interests of the
agorieved merchants, has written to this city to prevent
ench a course, Rouners in the interest ot the Custom
House have already approached mnnerons merchuante,
and have endeavored to convey the ympression that the
visit of the Committee i» to he nothing bat a white
washing operation,” and that any efforts directed
against the Custom-ouse will only re sult in the vom
mercial ruin of the Person making them.
As a preliminary and precantionary weasure, George
Eaton, Robt. Cook, Richard Hastings, and William Ciase,
Ingpectors, and Lous Hote, clerk an the Warehonse Dee
partment, will be dismissed. Robt, Cook bas
already received a letter of  dismessgal, Some
of these persons were  witnessea before the Just
commission, aud this will, periiaps, account tor
their summary removal at this time, This
action on the part of the Custom-House officials only
adds force to the demand that each witness shall be
called separately, and that, too, withont the knowledge
of even the chief of the department to which he bejongs,
One member of the Committee is the brother of a promi
pent Tammany official in this ety, who ka wil friend
of ex-Collector Murphy, and this fact is wenboned aes
reason why he ought not to rerve,
In the United States Cirenit Court, yester
Quy, Judge Pierre pont summed up for the prosecution
in the Minor trial. In his charge to the Jury Jadge
Benedict spoke substantially as follows: The question
of Minor's guilt or innocence depends upon the testi
wony of Harry Cole, the  notorions criminal
who has turned Ktate's evidence, IH yom
Lelieve that these plates for yrinting counterfeit
money were in Minor's possession, a Cole swears they
were, vou will convict him; if you do not, you will se
qnit him,
The jury retired at3 p.m. At 4:45 they came into
Court and announced that there was no probability of
their agreeing npon a verdict. The Judge refused to dis
charge them, saying, You will agin retire, and 1 will
send for you at 11 o'clock.”
The Jury retnrned at that hour without a verdict, and
were again asked to retire. At 1245 this mormng they
rendered a verdict of not guilty, and those of then who
wished were digeharged for the tern.
MORE AVALANCHES IN UTAH
Cant Lake Crry, Dec. 2i.—Another heavy
gnow-storin prevails here to-day. Tuere are further
reports of snow-slides in the ining enfions, attended
with loss of life. The detention of freighi-trains cinges
mach embarrassment here, some descriptions of juer
chandise being entirely exhausted,
SNOW ON THE UNION PACIFIC,
Owarra, Dec. 27.—A dikpateh trom Rawjins
Springs, this evening. reports that no trains have pa sed
over the blockaded portion of the bution Pacithe Railroad
fine the 2ist, Most of the present difliculty i= between
Cheyeune and Baw hins station.
THE HUDSON OPEN AT POUGHKLEPSIE,
Povenkerrsie, N.Y. Dec. 20.=The fevry
boat succeeded in breaking o track here to-day, and the
Aver at this place is open asain, The weather is giowing
(4 TERT ATHE
Bynovsie for the past Leenly-four hours.
An area of dow barometer developed m
New-Entland on Tuesday night, and has apparent \y
moved camward beyond the stations, Rain and snow
have verygeneral'y tale; from South Carolina to Lake
Erie and net, casiward, bat fair and clearing weather
IR Dow epomed. Rain bas fallen on the Texas and Lone
lana const aud cao in Califoruia, where the pressure has
steady dunbighed, The aren of highest barometer has
moved SLOW wut he ant ward to Miscoury, ite influen
extending Ven rapidly tw the Blue fice and NewJder
key. Clear Weather, with gorth-westerly winds, is now
reported over tig pegion, and lps k windg have prevailed
from Vorginia tothe Jower lakes, Rising temperatare
with couth-we “lely winds preva trom Kansas to Min
nesoly,
Prohabi’ ties
The barometer wi probably continue to rise on Thurs:
day, With north-weser|y winds bicking to north in Ne w
England and the Mga States, and north-east: ly winds
in the Southern and Gy) f States south-wester!y winds
With threatening weatj ep develop am the porth-west
clear and pleasant Wegther preva] very generally cast
of the Mississippl. Brick hut jot dangerous winds are
anticipated for this evening,

Supple wentary Weathe Re part.
It was mowing this worning at Cleveland, Corinne,
Utab, Grand Haven, Mi, Washington, Oswego, Pitts
burgh and Montreal.” Ray, fel) iy Augusta, Ga., Boston
wile oe Philadelphia, Portland, Me, and
Wilmington, N. The mercury fell to 20° helow zero at
Bt. Paul, 69 below at Omaha, 10¢ below ut Milwaukee
ana 1° below at Chicago, 79 4 Davenport and 1 below ut
laeavenworth. snow fell thig eveulng at Grand Haven,
Mich, and Oswego. Rain was Teported from San Fran.
cisco. The temperature ut Key Wert war 75° above, and
al Duluth, Minn, 6° below zero
Cimecaco, Dee, 27.<The Chicago papers con
tain further particulars ‘Ouceruing the trunk mystery
alluded 10 a few days since, Phe facts, ko far as pub
lished, show that a Mrs. McCoy, a milliner, residing at
Crestline, Ohio, came to Wiis city, and either wen er
self or was taken tow female doctor, on Btate-st., where
Khe died jn a few daye, aud was packed iu a box and
sent off to Ohio, where the body was dikcovered and
arrests were made. Among others arrested was a hag:
gage waster on the Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne, and Chicago
Radway, named Williaw Threl, who wis engaged to be
warrfed to Mrs. McCoy, Tt is olufmed by the police tha
avortion had been practiced upon the (eceaned, Dr.
Miller, who made a partial post-mortem, examination of
the remains, says he has discovered no grounds on which
to base u belief that the wowan died otlier thay u natura)
death.
CHICAGO “TRUNK MYETERY."
ee cet —eemenes
Master, ordered me to stop hauling, as the HarborMus
ter had forbidden his kolng tuto the dock. After the
Cuptain left to go and sce the agent the Harbor-Master
immediately halled 8 tow-bout and commenced to haul
the vessel out of the ip. ‘Fhe schooner was taken out
under the directions of the Hurbor-Master and anchored
on the Brooklyn side, between Hamilton and South
ferries. The Harbor-Master went along—purt of the
time on the tug, part of the time on the Wor
orn to before me,
H¥o HANSON C. GinsoN, Notary Public,
LETTER OF E. W. COLEMAN CO.
To His Facellency the Hon. JOUN T. HOFFMAN,
of the Stale of New- York
Sir: We complain of Hurbor-Master Daniel Hart, that
he urbitrarily, and, we thir, illegally, st various tines,
stored flour col us, and landed on the pier,
AT. Louis, Mo., Dec. 21.—A wpecial dispateh
to The Democrat, from Little Rock. Ark., says the arrl
vals from Cbicot County report that, after the shooting
of the murderers, Banders, Garrett, ana Dugan, and the
destruction of Garrett's store, where Wyune was mur
dered, the crowd immediately dispersed, and the Sheriff
uoloriously bad characte I's, oLC Luviug cowitted se vo
and Lis posse have since remal posse
ned 1x
of
without being requested to do so by the lessee of the
pier or the whariinger, ss wo are jnformeul, or by nny
one else so far as we know, or from any necessity in our
judgment, und without giving us any previous notice to
remove the flour, whieh we were prepared to do on no
tice. We also complain that the flour was in all canes
stored with 8 warehouse nan pamed Gurduer, who was
apparently Acting Harbor-Mastor in the matter, who
chaTked us full twice the current rates, iu the aggrogate,
for cartage, sto labor, and Insurunce ou, the flour,
and in aif canes refusing to deliver our property until the
bill of charges waa settled. Respeatil f, Fonts,
New York, Dec. I, Wil. E. W. UColamay Lo
MINOR'S TRIAL.
a
A VERDICT OF NOT GUILTY.
WFEATHFR EREPOLTN,
—m—
HIE AVALANCHES IN LTAILL
GOVERNMENT WEATHER REPORTS,
Wak DEFAKIMENT,
OIFICE OF THE (CHIEF BIGNAL OFFICER,
WarningToN. D.C, Dee, 277 p. ni. f
THE CHICOT COUNTY (ARK AVE ATID
ral murders, and another having whipped a negro and
broken his arm previous to their combined attack on
wenme. These circumstances rendered the negroes
when assembled, uncontrollable, until they had secured
themselves from any further violence from the despe
rad Oe,
New-Dork
A MODEL HARBOR-MASTER.


THE INVESTIGATION IN THE HART CASE.
EXTRAORDINARY PROCEEDINGS OF THE CAPTAIN
OF THE PORT—MORE DAMAGING TESTIMONY.
The merchants of this city will have an op
portunity to present themselves to-day before James E.
Jones, Captain of the Port of New-York, with evidence to
secure the removal of incompetent or dishonest harbor
masters. THE TRIBUNE has given the merchants every
ald ip its power in this crusade. It has, at its own ex
pense, procured and furnished to the committees of the
various mercantile associations of this city evidence and
affidavits for the correction of the abuses from which the
commercial interests of New-York so heavily suffer, and
neither time por trouble has been spared to make the
people at large acquainted with the many causes
which retard the city’s growth, destroy its com
merce, and drive ite population to adjacent cities.
The affidavits heretofore printed, and several which are
to follow, were sent to Gov. Hoffman about the middle of
thismonth by some of the oldest and most trustworthy
shipping merchants in the city. The Governor had
pledged huoself to 8. G. Wood, the Albany agent for
Austen's Hudson River Tow-boat Company, to remove
any obnoxious harbor-master upon the presentation of
affidavits drawn in the proper forin and duly corrobo
rated. On Tuesday the Captain of the Port issued the an
nouncement that he had received orders to investigate
and act upon the case of Harbor-Master Hart, but the
merchants who had made the charges received no
official noticeiof the receipt by the Governor of their
aftidavits andlletters,
The Captain having appointed yesterday morning for
the hearing oi the matter, a TRIBUNE reporter appeared
at 11 o'clock to attend the examination. James E. Jones,
Captain of the Port, Harbor-Master Hart, and two
friends of the defendent were present. No preparation
seemed to have been made for more than five persons—
there being only that nuinber of chairs in the room. The
reporter was received with unusual courtesy and told
that all parties desired the most thorough
investigation, He looked anxiously for the
appearance of the plaintiffs, but they had
not arrived at 11:30 and smiles began to gather
upon Mr. Hart's face, The reporter's faith in the mer
chante of New-York was shaken for the moment, and he
began to consider the defendant the most persecuted of
wen. The conversation of the friends of the accused
grew amore confident ar the minutes passed, until a
stranger, utterly ignorant of the true state of affairs,
would have thought that the merchants were trying to
detrand or blackmail the hurbor-masters, Mr. Hart be
cane a picture of injured innocence by 11:50, and repeat
edly remarked that he only desired that all his accusers
should appear against him, Now, Mr. Reporter,” one
of M1. Hart's fricnds tinally remarked, you see how it
is. Here we are, and none of the accusers have ap
peared.” At 12, Capt. Jones dissolved the tribunal, aud
adiourned the hearing of the case until to-day, at 11.
The reporter went away much jperpleged by the non
appearance of the complainants, but his astonishinent
wax still greater when, on meeting one of the leading
merchants who had collected and prepared any of the
affidavits, he was informed that the interested persons
haa recelved no notice from the Captain of the Port of
the hearmg of the case, Upon visitiug each of the seven
merchants represented in the charges forwarded to the
Governor, this was found to be trae in every case, Alter
much investigation on the part of the merchants, it ap
peared that Mr, Jones had, late on the previous after
noon, addressed an unoflicial note to a whartinger on
Pier No. 8, asking him to juform Ek. B. Powell, Mr.
Favell, and Mr. Lloyd of the intended trind, Mr.
Hency of Heney Parker; Gustavus A. Brett of Brett,
Sons Co.; and EE. W. Coleman of Coleman Co,
were not mentioned in the informal letter. Why a
wharfluger, who was not in any isuuer connected with
the case, shold be used as a MEANS of communication
was not apparent to any one. THE TRIBUNK reporter
then personally informed each of the interested mer
chants of the trial to-day. E.B. Powell, agent of the
wihmington Packet Company, at once sent word to his
lawyer to be pnesent. The other merchants, although
greatly desing the compliment of a notiee from Mr,
Jones, also senitied their determination to be ready,
In addition to the testimony alreary printed in THE
Trit NE, the appended deposition ot the captain of
the schooner L.A. Murchison of E. 5 Powell's packet
i Jine; the corroborative statement of the mate of the
i same vessel, and the complaint of Fo W. Colean Co,
bare given beiow
DEPOSITION OF THE CATTAIN OF THE SCHOONER LLOLA
A. MURCHISON,
W. C Joves, being duly swarn, deposed and says:
am dnaster of the schooner Laola A. Murchison; have
heen master since the 29th of Deceniber Last I was in
the port of New York on or about Ang. 10, 1871; 1 was
i the month of the slip between Plers Nos 6 and 7,
along<ide of a canal boat winch Ly at Pier No, 7, and
hid a line ont to ier No. 6, for the purpose of hauling
into the <li.
{QQ Had yon any berth at thet pier, and, if so, hy whose
anthony or permission! A. Toe wha tinger ot Pier No. 6
coathorized it, don't know bis pane; bdid pot land into
the berth, became the Harbor Master told me not to do
a
OQ When and where, and ander what circnostances
Fond he te! vou sot State the whole conversation. AL
was on the vessel's deck and the Harbor Master was on
Pier Noot was going to take in grainand flour the grain
rota catisd-boats god the Moar from the pier; he said to
Cmie that 1 could not haul ato that dock, and told we to
[eo ont. he then hailed the aa of the tue Spray,
whieh bad hold of ns, and aske lim ir he was going to
take the schooner out; the caplain replied that he was
P pot: Told him that as soon as could go to the othice
Cand see the avent T would go out of the dock: Tthen
started to go to ES. Powell's office, and the Harbor
Mater said, You need not go away, for I'll have her
(The vessel) ont of the dock before you get hack.”
Q. What did you tell the wate in the presence of Capt,
Hartt A. 1 told him, ns I was going up the pier, “If
this gentleman (Capt. Hurt) wants to take the vessel nn
the stream, let him do it)” before this wis said to the
mate, when Capt, Hart told me 1 conld not load there, 1
asked hin the reason, as other vessels loaded at that
place; he wand, I they do they load out of canal
boats; 1 said, “1am polug to take grain and flour out
of canal boats; [then asked him to give me a berth
somewhere cise; he sald that he would not, and that if he
head ane he would not give me any, I then went up to
Mr. Powell's; IT was gone about three-quarters of an
hour, and upon my return found the vessel gone, and that
she wis anchored in the stream on the Brooklyn side, be
tween Hatton and South ferries,
1
Q. Wus the berth which had been given to vonr vessel
by the whartinger ocenpied hy any vessel on your return
trow Mr. Powell's office 1 A. No, it was not occupied at
any time for several dave afterward; [did not refuse to
move my vessel; he asked me if I refused to move and 1
wiid 1 Aid pot 1 did not resist or forcibly oppose the
 Harbor-Master in any manner by word or deed.
Q. Did you ever have any permission in writing from
the Captain of the Fort or the Havbor-Master to enter a
Celip an that distriet? A. No. Sir. W. CC. JONER.
Sworn to before me: HANSON OC. GinsoN, Not'y Public,
CORROBORATIVE TESTIMONY OF THE MATE OF THE LUOLA
A. MURCHISON.
Henry A. Gabriel, being duly sworn, deposes and says:
I was attached to the schooner Luola A. Murchison «8
mate on Aug. 10, 18715 1 remember seeing the Harbor
Master as she wits about to haul into the dock 2 Pler No.
6; I heard the conversation between Capt. Jones and the
Harbor-Master; the fist 1 heard Mr. Hart say was, “1
an going to tow the vessel out of the dock;” Capt. Jones
said to him that he «sak going up to the office; the Harbor
Master told Capt. Jones that he need not go, for when he
came back his vessel would be gone; Capt. Jones asked
bi if he hadn't a berth for him; the Harbor-Master
said thut he ig none, «nd that if he bad he would not
give it to hued; the Captain went away and the Harbor
Master remained; at the time Capt. Jones left the vessel
luy alongside of canal-boat which was mude fust to
the pier, and had a line to the head of the ship; the ves
sel Rad just arrived, and was there for the purpose of
getting o berth at Pier No. 6; she did uot hsul into the
why not? A. While T was forward hauling,
Capt. Joifes, in the presence and hearing of the Hurbor
TWEED STILL MISSING.
a——— I
HE 18 BELIEVED TO BE CONCEALED IN
THE CITY.
DETAILS OF HIS ESCAPE FROM TIE SCRUTINY
AWAY—MR. TERENCE FARLEYS EXPLANA
TION OF HIS ACTION—GRAVER CHARGES
PENDING AGAINST TWERED—HIS PROBABLE
ARREST IN HIS PLACE AS SENATOR.
OF THE SHERIFF—HIS REASONS FOR HIDING
Intenso excitement followed the announcement
made exclusively in yesterday's TRIBUNE, that Wil
liam M. Tweed had escaped from the Sheriff, who
was about to arrest him on the order of Terence
Farley, one of his bondsmen, and wasa fugitive
from justice, ekulking in some out of the way place
in the city. The Sheriffs office was besieged
at an early hour by eager reporters of
afternoon papers anxious to confirm the
startling intelligence, and by others from the
several morning papers which did not publish
the news as anxious to disprove the circumstantial
story as related, It was denounced by the latter
clase of journalists as withont foundation in truth,
but soon after the Sheriff and his Chief Deputy
reached their offices the statement was confirmed in
every particular.
Additional facts not in the possession of THE TRIB
UNE reporters on Tuesday night have been obtained
which establish that Tweed contemplated flight at a
very early hour of the morning. His intention was
suspected, and though the Sheriff, for reasons of
his own, declines to admit as much, it is certain that
the great criminal was piped” or watched all
through Christmas and the day following up to the
time of his disappearance. Tweed hiroself suspected
that he was dogged and vainly endeavored, on
leaving his residence in a close carriage at 8
o'clock in the morning, to avoid the Deputy
Sheriff who, in a coupé, followed him through
his circuitous route. He passed through several
atreets at a very rapid pace, evidently intending to
mislead the Deputies as to his destination, but he
was finally tracked to No. 94 Duane-st., where
Depnty Sheriff Boland was set to watch him, It
was from this place that he escaped, by going through
back lots and alleyways, as stated, while the Depnty
watched in front. It 18 supposed the carriage picked
him upon the street in the rear of his oftice and
quickly drove away with lnm.
After leaving his oflice in Duane-st., Tweed drove
in his earringe, with the enrtains drawn down so as
to effectually conceal the occupant, to the stable of
Mr. Butts, at the corner of Bayard and Elizabeth-sts,
when the carriage stopped inside the stable, and
with as much alacrity as the small door and the cor
pulence of the man would allow, Mr. Tweed alighted.
As the person who witnessed this incident, and who
described it to the reporter, said, the old van acted
smart. but he looked pretty bad.” Mr. Tweed went
up-stairs into the room over the stable,and remained
there half an hour. Meanwhile the carriage which
took him was dismissed, and another close vehicle
was made ready, This Mr. Tweed entered, and with
the curtains drawn down, the carriage was driven
rapidly away, bnt what was its destination only
Mr. Tweoed's intimates know.
Early yesterday worning. Richard and William M.
Tweed, jr., called on Sheritt Brennan and assured
Lim that their father had not tled the city, and had
no intention of running away; but, although they
said that Rey Pod just left him, they failed to in
form the Sheriff of his hiding-place. The results of
this conversation are hinted at in the statement of
Terence Farley, published elsewhere. The person
who it if said has consented to go on Tweed’s bond
is his brother Richard,
Mr. Brennan admitted that he did not know where
Mr. Tweed was, but expressed his confidence in the
Cassnrance of Mr. Tweed's sous that their father
would he forthcoming shortly. Notwithstanding
tins, Deputy-Sherift’ Judson Jarvis and another
otticer in the interest of Mr. Farley searched for Mr.
Tweed, but failed to tind him, ang up to an carly
hour this morning nothing was known of his place
of concealment by the pnrsuers. Sheriff Brennan
ways that until Mr. Farley simenders Mr. Tweed's
person he will be held responsible for the amount for
which he became Mr. Tweed's surety.
Last night various rumors were circulated eoneern
ing Mr. Tweed. One was that during the morning
Mr. Tweed had sent a communication to the Depart
ment of Public Works announcing that he wonld be
at his office at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, hut subse
quently sent another stating that he would be ab
sent for the day. Another mmor was that Mr.
Tweed had been at the Metropolitan Hotel until 6
o'clock in the evening, and that he had then left for
his residence on Fifth-ave.; but neither of these
could he snhstantiated,
Tweed's nltimate object in hiding is, of conrse, to
avoid arrest until his bail can justify, “It was sug
gested that he hoped, by remaining concealed notil
the Legislature met, to stand on his rights as a Sen
ator and avoid arrest; but if the statute will pro
tect him after January 1, when the Legislature con
venes, it will do so now, forthe privilege of freedom
from arrest extends for a'space of fourteen days be
fore and after a session of the Legislature, The fol
low ing is the statute in full
Curr. VIL, Tivee 11, Sec. 6,“ Every member of
the Legislature shall be privileged from arrest on
civil process during his attendance at the session of
the Hoe tow hich he shall belong, ercept on process
issied in any suit brought against him for any for
Jeiture, misdemeanor, or breach of trust in any office or
‘place of trust held by him.”
Sec. 5 Each member shall enjoy the like privi
loge for the space of fourteen days previous to any
such session, and also while going to or returning
from such session, provided the time of such going
or returning do not exceed fourteen days.”
SEC. 10. No officer of either house, while in actual
attendance upon the house, shall be liable to arrest
on civil process.”
I his act was passed in 1830, when almost ali suits
were commenced by arrest. It was fonud necessary
in order to try Tweed's case out of this county, to
begin the civil suit against him as an individual and
not a public officer. The exceptions as above do not
therefore apply to him, and if this construction is
secepted he cannot be arrested at this time, Bat it
was urged yesterday that he has been fortwo months
in enstody on bail, and that the delivery of his body
by his bondsmen is not equivalent to an arrest, and
he will be taken nto custody when found.

Nevertheless, it is certain that it is Tweed's design to
remain concealed until he can take his seat in the
Senate. This purpose has been suspected for some
time, but it wil not save him from arrest. It is
known that steps have alremdy been taken which
will defeat this scheme, and that he will be dis
graver than any yet made against him.
TePRENECY FARLEY'S EXPLANATION.
HENRY C. GABRIEL.
Governor
press.
A TrisUNE reporter, after great exercise of
patience, succeeded in meeting Alderman Terence Fur
loy lust evening, st his residence on Lexington-ave., It
was understood that the Alderman had beon visiting in
New-Jersey during the day; the reasons wherefor did
not transpise, The motives which led Mr. Farley to
withdraw from Willlam M. Tweed's bond were explained
by him in the following statement made to the re
by him in the following statement nado TO EE 55
porter:
“Mr. Tweed and 1 were members of the Democratic
patty belonging to the same organization, #3d were
rends. 1 went on his bond, not thinking the case was
«0 bad, and not Apowing how much money had been
stolen. At the beginning I thought that the obharge
amounted to nothing, and was a simple political attaek.
After becoming his bondsman, found great dissatisfac
tion in my family and among m friends. About the
last of November I went to Tweed and told him I wanted
to bo released from his bond. He promised me that it
would be done, and asked me to give him time until the
21st, of December, and signed a Hope saying he would
release me on or before Dec. 31. This paper {s in the
hands of a friend of mine. (Mr. Farley deo ned stating
the exact tenor of the document mentioned, but there
are good reasons for inferring, from information ob
tained elsewhere, that it covered an indemnification to
Mr. Farley should he be called on to pay tho ig of
Mr Laake ovasion of justice.) Mr. Farley stated
er:
On or about Dee. 19 Willlam M. Tweed, jr., came to
me and asked for an extension of time to the 25th. 1 as
sented to it but, recalling the fact of that day being
Christmas, I made it the 26th. When the 26th cawe he
wanted more time. About half-past 1 o’clock on the 26th
(Tuesday afternoon) 1 went to the Sheriff's office to see if
1 bad been released and another substituted iu wy stead.
1 saw Sheriff Brennan and the Under-Sheriff, Mr. Bte
vens, After I foundI bd not been released I asked for
a copy of the bond, on the back of which I signed an
order authorizing Mr. Jarvis to deliver over to the
Sheriff the pody of William M. Tweed, JL gare it to the
Under-Sheriff, Joel Stevens, and asked him about what
time the office would be closed he sald at 4 o'clock. I
said, ‘1 will be back, Bberiff.” I returned at 4 o'clock,
accompanied by Gratz Nathan, my attorney. Mr. Bte
vens was there, and said, All right, Alderman—0. K.,—
your matter is attended to.’ This morning I stopped m
the Sheriff's office, about 10 o’clock, and asked for Sherif
Brennan. The first Deron I met said he was not in. I
then asked for Mr. Stevens, and waa told he would be in
in few minutes, I heard loud talking in Sheriff Bren
nan’s rooin, and, hearing my nate mentioned, walked in.
Gen. Tweed, Dick Tweed, Mr. Btevens, and another
gentleman were in there. Now, sald Stevens, Farley is
released the Bheriff has released him. All right, sald I.
Mr. Stevens handed me a paper stating that I was re
leased. I asked him for a reloune in Fug, and he said,
All right, the Sheriff had accepted it.” He showed ne
"a paper which was signed by the other bondsmen assent.
ing to my release. I asked to retain it. William M.
Tweed, jr., said, No, Sir; we waut no favors from you
now we can get long without you,’ Isaid, ‘I have
done all I agreed to and more, and that 18 more than you
have done.’
Mr. Farley further stated to the reporter that be dis.
claimed any intention in speaking of the mount whic
had been stolen of imputing theft to Mr. Tweed, that
any remark of bis bearing such interpretation was
hasty and not intended for any such construction. He
added that his connection with Tweed’s bond so far as
he knew was ended; that his counsel bad called on
Sheriff Brennan, who informed him that Mr. Farley was
released. In his conversation with Sheriff Brennan
nothing occurred of special aceount, except that the
Sheriff said it “would make a great fuss to arrest
Tweed.” Mr. Farley stated that he had fully given his
reasons for withdrawing from Mr. Tweed’s bond, aud
that be had not supposed Mr. Tweed was going to rut
away. As Mr. Farley was called away, and declared his
inability to furnish any further information, the re
narter left.
p—
The following is an exact copy of the order
signed by Farley authorizing the arrest of Tweed:
I hereby depute, authorize, and appoint Judson Jarvis
to seize and surrender the within-named William M.
Tweed tothe custody of the Sheriff of the City and County
of New-York, in exoneration of myself as his surety, on
the undertaking of which the within 1s a certified copy.
Iu presence of Joel O. Stevens. TERENCE FARLEY.
New-York, Dee. 26, 1871,
i
TWEEDS RESIGNATION AS A MEMBER OF
TAMMANY.
ARGUMENT ON THE INJUNCTION RESTRAINING
HIM FROM DISPOSING OF HIS PROPERTY.
Mr. Burrill, counsel for Mr. Tweed, moved
at the Special Term of the Supreme Court at Albany,
yesterday afternoon, to vacate the order of injunction
against Tweed's selling Lis property, on the ground that
there was no order attached requiring an auswer within
ten day 8, a8 provided by rule 94,
Mr. Peckhain opposed the motion, and at the same
im waid be had a motion for another injunction restrain:
ing Wm. M. Tweed from remosviong and disposing of his
property.
The Judge said that Rule 94 had been disregarded by
other Judges, who had not paid any attention to it, He
had taken no action under it, but other Judges had.
Mr, Peckham gaid the motion was wade on frivolous
grounds, The irregularity amounted to nothing, and
had so been held before other Judges.
Mr. Burrill said Lis motion was to vacate the entire
order.
Mr. Reynolds said the rule had been violated, and there
was but one course for the Court to pursue, If the rule
was to be disregarded, why not abolish iti
Mr. Burrill said the rule made an order returnable
in ten days. Tui order wade it thirty days and tied up
the case until that time. The ten-day order was tor the
protection of the party in interest.
The Judge inquired why the order was not returnable
in New-York.
Mr. Burrill «aid it conld not be made returnable before
the Judge who issued it. No alternative was offered ex
cept to come here, There was no mode of toreiug on the
proceedings, and he now came here for relief. The
whole thing had been done in violation of the rules, and
the proceedings were therefore irregular.
The Judge said he would like time to look into the
points raised.
My. Peckham asked for the continuance of the injunce
tion preventing Mr. Tweed from disposing of his prop
erty. He stated he had affidavits showing that Mr.
Tweed had been dichosing of a large amount of Jronerty,
Thix property was disposed of avout the timo the devel
opments were made showing Mr. Twead’s complicity in
the Tawmany Ring frauds, and about the time the suits
were commenced for the recovery of $6,000,000,
No counter affidavits were oftered.
Mr. Burrill criticised the affidavits presented. He sald
that this injunction had already been ruinous to Mr.
Tweed in a tinancial point of view, It had been worse
than the enormous bail of $1,000,000.
Judge Learned inquired if there was any threat or
evidence that Mr. Tweed was to dispose of his property.
Mr. Burrill said there was no such thicat or evidence
of such intention,
The Judge then denied the motion for an injunction
restraining Mr. Tweed from disposing of his property.
I
William M. Tweed’s counsel will appeal to
the General Term of the Supreme Court, at Albany, on
Tuesday next, from Judge Learned’s decision refusing a
reduction in his bail.
lodged from his place and rearrested on a charge
Richard B. Connoliy’s counsel will appeal also to the
same Court, at the same thne and place, for a reversal
of Judge Learned’s decision refusing to vacate the order
for Connolly's urrest.
It is very well understood that Tweed cannot ob
tain bail. It was said, yesterday, that owing to hia
complications, financial and otherwise, it would be
impossible for him to raise $25,000 iu cash or obtain
Charles O’Conor will go to Albany and personally
oppose the applications in both cases,
security in $100,000, There is probably nothing left
him but flight or imprisonment. The Shenfl, yester
nt
Mayor Hall has resigned his membership in
the Union Club, corner of Fifth-ave. and Twenty-first-st.
This was in consequence of the bitter feeling existing
against him on the part of the other members by reason
of his connection with the Ring. Ou to-morrow evening
a meeting of the Club would have been held to consider
his expulsion, but he anticipated their probable action
by sending ih his resignation recently. Issso Bell, who
has been Mayor Hall's advocate in the Club, stated that
the discussion of Mayor Hall's membership had ended,
and that there would be no meeting on Friday evening
in consequence. When asked the reasons Mr. Bell sald
that the watter bad been settled, but in what manner be
day afternoon, expressed his determination to arrest
Tweed, as the order of Farley required him to do,
but what efforts were made to track him down and
socure him were not known at the time of going to

THE ORDER OF ARREST.
Notwithstanding all assertions to the con
trary, Tweed's resignation not only as Grand Sachem of
the Tammany Society has been demanded, but even as a
member of that Society. This demand, a8 stated in THE
TRIBUNE, was ade by a committee of three Sachems,
one of whom was James B. Nicholson, who in Tammany
parlance 18 known as the Father of the Council. As
Tweed had signified hig desire to comply with their re
quest, and promised to communicate with the Committee
in writing at an early date, it is believed that his resig
nation 18 now in the hands of Mr. Nicholsun, who re
frains from making it public,
Sachem Isaac Bell™Commissioner of Charities and Cor
rection, who was mentioned as the probable successor
of Tweed to the Grand Sachemship, discredits the story
which 18 given by THE TRIBUNE, on the authority of
another Sachem. Sachem Bell etates that no member
can be elected to the office of Grand Sachem for more
than two years in succession, and a Tweed has already
held that office longer than the specified time, he is now
Grand Sachem merely by sufferance, and upon the as
sembling and the agsenting vote of nine out of the
whole number of Rachems, he can be deposed, and
anotier member be elected to the office, Sachem Bell
does not see the necessity for deposing Tweed, as Tam
many is no longer what it was, and the resignation of
Grand Sachem Tweed would do Tammany us litte good
as his retention will harm,

etl
TWIFIVS (CASE AT ALBANY.
THF RING CRIMINALS APPEALING.
MAYOR HALL AND THE UNION CLUB.
would not tall. He could only say that it had been
settled. A copy of Mayor Hall’s resignation could not
be procured.
ASSEMBLYMAN FIELDS'S CASE.
CONCLUSION OF THE ARGUMENT BEFORE JUDGE
LEARNED Of THE ORD..R OF AR.IEEST.
LEARNED Of THE ORD:..R OF AR.IEfT.
The argument vas cootinued before Judge
Learned in Albany yesterday on the motion to vacato
the order of arrest of Thhmae C. Fields. Mr. Packham,
in opposition to the motio», characterized it as remark
able, the object, as confesed by the counsel, being to’
enable their client to take »is seat in the Legislature
with a clean record.
Mr. Peckham proteeded to make his argument against
the motion before the Court. He recited the facts rela
tive to the old Volunteer Department, in 1866. when it
was Jioyited that the PRIAEINg eight volunteer compa
nies In the upper part of the a3 should remain as sucly
unpaid. In due course of time Mr. Fields discovered that
that there was a grest injustice done these firemen, who
were retained as volunteers, and he took it upon him
self to secure pay for them ou their assigning to him
per cent, of their allowance.
Messrs. Beach and Reynolds claimed that the retsining
of Fields in the case occurred in 1867.
Mr. Peckham insisted that his retention was not finally
accomplished until November, 1868. There might have,
been talk about the matter {n 1867, but nothing was
definitely done until 1863. Counsel then passed on in
review of the action of Fields, while a meraber of the
Legislature, in behalf of the bill providing for these illeg
al claims, which action, he thought, came under the pro
vision of the Revised Statutes against bribery. Mr.
Fields, in his affidavit, wave that the Finance Department
of New-York Jivmpled the passage of the bill; whereas,
it is shown that that Department knew nothing of it
until it was a law. It was passed on the last day of tho
session, and Fields was careful to have jnserted in it the
assignment of 17 per cent, in addition to the 33 per cent
already agreed upon. Counsel then discussed the law
of 1869, which limited a settlement of these claims to
£50,000, and, therefore, there could be no andit beyond that
smount. By the affidavit it appears there were claims
presented in 1870 never heard of bafore. If there was no
audit or any claim beyond the $50,000 (and there is nO
evidence of any), where is the legislative sanction, so
eloquently alluded to by counsel vn the other side, for
pay ug anything more thin that amount Connsel pro
cee to show that the law of 1870 was unconstitutional
and void.
Mr. Bergan of counsel for defendant pinesen to
address the Court. Referring tothe claim that the peopio
of the State had extraordinary rights in prosecuting cer
tain suits, be said that was claimed for Eugland. He
did not propose to inquire what was the law or practice
in England, byt he ald deny that a State or nation in
this country had any snch rights; and as to Conkling’s
attidavit, that man came here 8 0 Jfesseed thief; and that
boing the case, what 18 his testimony worth t Counsel
then stated that the firemen of the City of New-York
aud Brooklyn were organized into a Mettopoliun Fire
 DOrEIL ar a law passed by the Legislature. The
Fire Commissioners, it appears, in reorganizing tho
Department, set off the Are companies in the nor UJ
Jak of the city #8 volunteer, unpaid firemen; while
hose in the lower vart were pad. In duo
course of time, it was found, these men in
the upper part of the city were entitled to pay. and Mr.
Fields engaged to secure pay for them. Thin was all
there was of that. Now it was claimed that Fields should
have given up this engagement when he became City
Attorney, Where is the law which requires this personal
sacrifice! There is no such law. Then, as to Fieldr's
connection with this matter as a member of the Leginia.
ture, a law is passed limiting the gettlement of the claims
to $50,000; but it is found that there is more than $60,000
that there is nearly $500,000 due, and the Legislature 19
appealed to for an act liquidating the claims in full. Now
that is all Josuiar! 80 too, was the action of Field as i»
niember of the Legislature. It is not shown that be did
anything more than any other member of the Legislature
concerning this bitl; indeed, be did nothing but vote for
it. Counsel concluded with a review of a portion of tho
aifBdayits, and the Judge took the papers.
LFFECT OF THE TRIBUNE'S EXCLUSIVE ACCOUNT
OF THE SURRENDER OF TWEED BY HIY
BONDSMAN FARLEY.
From The Commercial Advertiser, Dee. 70.
The report published this morning, to the
effect thus Mr, Terence Farley had notitled the Sheriff of.
his withdrawal from Mr. Tweed’s bail, had the effect to
ronse to its highest pitch the exciteryont ahout the
Ring cases,” which hag lain dormant the past few
days. It became the general topic of conversation ald
over town wherever meu congregated, and for the timo
being usurped the place usually accorded to the weather.
In offices, on Change,” in bar-rooms, on hotel steps, in
the lobbies of the public buildinga, and even, it fs whis
pered, in the junermost penetralia of those structures,
the question of the hour becaine, Has the Boss really
gone into hiding 1’
From an po A hour the Sheriffs office waa thronged
with SeTior ers ull anxious to get spect of that official.
They natered about the door of Mr. Brennan’s room,
and bothered the good-natured janitor nearly out of his
wits with questions, snd when it became known that tha
Sheriff, Deputy Sheriff Jarvis, and Messrs. Richard
Tweed and Willlam M. Tweed, jr., were in consultation,
their excitement became iutense, and they smelt a sen
gation in the near future, as Job's war-horse snuffed tho
battle. When the Sheriff paally broke cover through
the private door of his office the whole pack gave chase
and ran him down before be had got half war to the
pt where Judge Cardozo was sitting—liy desti
nation,
A reporter of The Commercial subsequently enconnt
ered the Sheriff, and asked biw if be bad read the report
alluded ro.
Yes,” said he, with a smile, I've read it,”
“Well, Bir, is it true 1”
Part of it is.”
Which part, if you please?”
“The statement that Mr. Farley has asked to with
draw.”
Will the others agree to thati™
“Some of thew have already written to me to ay thats
they would, bus I canuot let him off until he produces!
Mr. Tweed.”
How abont the other half of the story 1"
“Well,” with another siuile, 1 guess that's true, too
at any rate, we couldn't find Mr. Tweed at any of Ins
usual haunts last night.”
“suppose, though, you could fird him now, if yow
wanted to very wucht”
“well, no; I don't know where he is, I know ho
his not left the eity, but it would be hard work to tind
au”
etlia——
From Th Newark Journal, iw 2%
What is the matter with The New- York Times?
A little while ago a Pia could not drop in the aftairs of
Tweed without its knowing all about it, more too.
Lately matters have changed. A week or 50 ago Tweed
wits arrested, aud all the papers knew and printed the,
fact, except The Tunes. To-day The Times has nothing to
sy shout Tweed's reported flight. Its enterprise was
nurely spastnodic,
THE FISHERMEN AND THE WASHINGTON
TREATY.
Bostox, Dee. 27.—A meeting was held at
the United States Hotel, to-day, of persons interested in
the fisheries, in which® the question of Protection was
discussed, and the appointment of a Special Committen
decided upon to wait upon onr Senators and Reprosenta
sives in Congress, and cudeavor to obtain either a bounty
or some other means neutralizing whatever evils the
Treaty may threaten to infil upon fishermen. This
Committee is to be selected bY the different towns, one
wember from each town interosted in the fisheries,
Awong those present at the moctine were Gen, Butler
and Congresstan Bufinton. Gen, Bater is to address
the citizens of Provincetown, to-morrow, on the fishery
ate <t101.
ORTAINING MONEY ON FALSE PRLETENSES,
BaNGor, Me., Dec. 27.—Iu the Police Court,
to-day, Geo, D. Stowe und Ben). J. Terry of Boston
were each held in 2,600 ball to answer at the February
Term of the Supreme Court, to a charge of obtaining
$20,000 of Joseph H. Poilard of Oldtown under false pre
tenses. Stowe found bail. Terry was committed to hal.
J
PrrersBUkGH, Penn, Dec. 27.—The residence of
C. A. Woods, at Wheatland, Penu.,, was destroyed by
tire on Christmas Day, and two servant girls were
burned to death. Loss, $25,000; insurance, $15,000,
et
Two cases of garroting have occurred mn Sal
Lake City.
_...There were in store in Chicago, on the 23d,
7,215, 00 bushels of gain.
....The Rev. Robert J. Breckenridge died in Dan
ville, Ky., yesterday. after a protracted illness.
....Gen. Sweet of Nlivois entered upon his duties
yesterday as First Depaty Commissiover of Internal Revenue.
....A well-authenticated report states that The
OMcago Heputdican will be merged Into Tae Chicago Fost, on Saterday
Bext.
....The Hon. Murray Morrison, formerly of 1lli
nois, Judge of the XV1IIth District Court of California, died in Los Au
geies last week.
....William A. Whittaker, Postmaster at Bowling
Green, Wood Co., Ohblo, bas been arrested os a charge of embeasling
mouey-order funds.
....An old colored man named George Adams was
run over and instantly killed by a freight train oo the Harlem Railroad,
at Ghent Station, yesterday.
....His Majesty the King of Italy has sent his
congratulations to the Queen of England on the aunounceweat that the
Prince of Wales is out of danger. th
....On Sunday evening, during the absence of
family, Hopkin A ening: in Madhoavitle 0., was ot ihe
by burglars, who stole rr pon a
....A little son of 8. Faulk of Urbana, Ohio, while
and fall upon the blade of
elem Bi iva, icing s woud whieh vid prebeby) pach

....The Kentucky National Bank of Louisville,
with 1 of $700,000, and the Second National Baa
ra i, wil oo of $100,000, bave been pei hg 4
Dees.
The statement of the Chicago national ban
Just published. Shon Mm $0 he Stronger ihe the were beforg the kn
hold avallsble means of over cent of thelr depouRe. They
would bs abiged to ell oa wily contin of thels loans o pay oF deni,

A CPNU'INF SENSATION.
SPASMODIC ENTERPRISE.
TW SERVANT GIRIS RIURNED
TEI EGRAPHIC NOTES,