BEAL EST1TE IN NEW YORK.
Review ?f the Condition of and Feeling
in the Real Estate Market
Bfltet of the Chicago Fire and the Ring
Ditclottirei Upon Valnei Present
and Prospective.
MORE BUYERS WANTED.
Movements la Uptown Property? What Has
Been Done by the Park Commissioners?
Value of the Corporation Seal Estate?
What the Parks are Worth
Long Island Movements.
Among the problems presented for Rotation in con
vection with the recent Chicago Are It Is orten asked
what is likely to be the eflect of this disaster, and
tbe financial disturbance resulting therefrom, npon
Hew York real estate. That some great eflect should
follow a cause so suggestive of startling: results is
With many a foregone conclusion; wlillo mere are
others who as confidently pooh-pooh such an Idea.
As in most cases of sinn ar opposite conclusions
the real facts of the situation, present and pros
pective, would seem to lie between the extreme
views. New York real estate Is liki-ly to be influ
enced to some extent by necessary flnauclal dis
turbances growing out of the fire; but this Influ
ence does not seem likely to be veiy general, or,
tn so far as it may be depressing, permanent. Those
who hold the first proportion referred to base
their assumption, wnich looks to a great decline
In real estate here, upon the enormous destruction
or property oy the Chicago lire, which thej hold
must be replaced by us as part losers.
But when we comc to analyze the property de
stroyed, set down in round numbers at $150,000,
?00, we And it difficult to discover where such
value has been taken from the aggregate wealth of
the country. The Individual owners of the build
ings destroyed In Chicago are. of conrsc,
great losers, and the insurance companies having
risks on such buildings are also losers. But, taking
Uie wnole country, It Is but a redistribution of
capital, and where there Is no direct connection
with the Are, producing special consequences,
?bould not involve any depreciation of values.
There Is. perhaps, nothing so Intangible as this same I
subject of value. Referred to its original essence,
labor appears as the only real basis lor determining
its intrinsic character; all else is specula live, or the 1
result of exceptional relations of supplv and de
mand. Thus the city of Chicago, in Its grandeur
ana magniilccnce. represented so many millions of
CAPITALIZED LABOR,
to which was superadded the extraneous value im
parted to It by the wants or Its Inhabitants. The
$150,100,000 wnich is said to have been the value of
the portion destroyed simply represented its con
ver lL'ie quality, it was labor that brought the I
rnoe stone, nature's gift, from the quarry bod,
fashioned it for use, and placed it tier on tier, until
the stately structure claimed a place In the world's j
possessions as of so much value. The bnlidiug
Is new destroyed and the stone <iust, but the labor
remains ready to replace in equal or greater gran- j
4eur all its proportions. But, it Is replied, that labor
must be paid for, and here is at least a real loss.
Exactly; and In just so much as the labor expended
opon the city of Chicago and Its adornments, and
aN the luxuries of civilization it contained, has been
rendered abortive, by Just so much is the world me
poorer for tnis fire. But for us there Is this law of
compensation: As the increased demand for labor
must enhance ltB prloe, so must the price of all other
commodities the product of labor be enhanced and
as this general advance in prices, reducing the pur-
chasing power ol the dollar, operates as a contrao- j
tlon or the currency, so must tuere be a general en-
hancement of all values throughout the country re
latively to such currency.
This for the general result of the Chicago flre.
Men, however, do not usually taxe such an exteuded
?icw or a calamity of this kind or are too much
aflecteu by its j
IMMEDIATE fONSHQfJINCKS,
which are usually tnose of distress und embarrass
ment, to take need or iw more remote Influence.
Beacc tue great excitement which prevailed on the
Block Exchange, more than any other place sensl-
live to the reellDgs or the hour, when the first intel
ligence of the Are waa received, and subsequently,
while efforts were beinir made to ascertain the re-
puted loss. Tula was further assiste 1, however, by
Uie sudden call upon t tie can its to relieve the dls- j
iressed people or ihc burnt city, where business was
whoUy suspended, and aggravated by an artificial
movement to make money tight (or Btockjobbmg
purposes. Wiin a relaxation In the rates for
money aud the Bober second thought born or reflec
tion Uie Stock Exchange has since recovered its
(one, and with a feeling of restored confluence
prices are generally improved.
In the real estato market there have been as yet
no siena of any undue disturbance of values. There
Ia trreat talk on all sides, such as has been going on
lor the last two years, of "an Impending crisis" and j
general break in the market. It is also contended
Utat in the past two years there has been an actual
decline or twenty-five per cent in olty property, j
This is doubtless true or most hlgn-pnoed Improved
property, but It is equally certain that In that 1
period property uptown In Firth avenue, In tne
neighborhood or the Park aud the Boulevard, has
advanced in prioe and was never more active than I
during lasi spring and snmmer. All of tills pro
pert? is held flrmly at the present time.
One or the causes looked to 10 produce a decline In
real estate values hero resulting rroin the Chicago I
Are is the expect 'd calling In of
TO* MOKTUAUKS HELD H Y TUB INSURANCE COM
PAN IKS
here Involved In losses by the Are. That this has 1
been greatly exaggerated the following figures will
?how:? 1 he gross assets of the insurance companies j
of tnis city amount to $M,24S,t>40. or this
amount only $U,7t>2,26l 10 secured on
bond and mortgage or real estate, the bal-
ance beiug represented by governments and
oilier securities allowed by law. Wo learn on 1
Inquiry 'hut to meet their liabilities created by the
deauuettou at ubicago luc New York companies 1
will not be obliged to realize Irom their mortgages
a greater sum than twt-uiy to twooty five per cent
or tue whole amount. Taking tne largest per- I
centage, twent. flve per cent, we liave sj.mw.&g# as
Uie aiuo lit to be withdrawn Irotn lua.is on real
estate to meet the present exigency. Hut, we need
not hay. Is* mere iiagaiolie as compared wiin Uie
valuation of the entire real estate oi the ciiy? over
one thousand millions, it will appear strauge to
many who recollect, the great Hie in this city in 133T
and the subsequent pauic a produced in real estate,
that the Chicago lire shuuiil be so little llael* to
create disturbance, but it must be borne in mind
that at that time (1?.i7i the a-xets or
lire lnsuran e companies were mostly mortgages
on city property. Mnce then, however, the
two per cent tax on mortgages was
Imposed, the lie Insurance companies being
alone exempt rrotu its oueritilon aiin the Ore under
wiuers accordingly changed the character of
their assets irom turn- to tlmu, leaving
only the amount above mentioned on real estate.
There can lie no <ioubt that the whole or tins amount,
It it were necessary to call it in, wonld be readily
absorbed by the life insurance companies.
From this it Wi u d be seen that, s? fat as the Cnt
eago hre, c nuderen alone, h concerned, Us influ
ence upon real estate values here will be scarcely
fell, laken, however, In connection with other In
fluence* operating upjn men s miuds, it Is not alto
gether without its eilec^ Prominent among these
TII? FTXKD OPINION
felt on all sides, u id wmch has prevailod for the
past two years, nut real cs;aie is held too high and
mu^t sutler a decline. This, in general teiui?, ap
ples to the whole cliy, exceptional instances of
activity aud appreciation bring quoted as serving
oiilv to prove Uie rule. Thus la.-.t summer, while
all other property was dull ud stagnant, the few
Mile.i occurring being torced and showing a weak j
market, Kilih avenue property suddenly wakened 1
imo a sharp active movement, wmch, directed by
Chain* L. UOritlsh and (iriitltii itowr, advanced
property rrom FUty-niuth street to Klghty s- c.md
mien to double the flgur at wiLch it could bo
purchased two years previously.
Again, in A uk ust l.i ?t,
?Oti.kVAKU PRoPFRT Y
and Eighth avenue property, winch had stood still
f?>r over two years, took a sudden spurt and lor
aN.i.t ten days exhibited quite a .furore or excite
ment. in mat period the followlug transact lo na i
Among others occuffotf. wwcli Wi L aci ve to UluatraM I
the ohar?it?r of movements of tills nature and the
InlWMt upon values of west sute Improvement*:?
A^us* Hcluiont sola thirty lots on Eighth ave
nue, between Seventv-seeoud and Scventv thud
hi reels, winch tie purchased the year provlous for
fa.rfi.noo, to Thomas a. Vyoe, President of tue Ninth
National llanK, lor $450,000. Mr. Vjse was subse
quently offered au advanoe upon this figure, which
he declined.
Tne enure front on the west aide of Eighth ave
nue, between 126th and l'ittti streets, purchased tu
November last by Thomaa A. Vjse for $46,u00, was
?old by him tor 167, Oou.
Nathaniel Jar vis. Judge Brady and John McClave,
purchased four Ioib on tne northeast corner of Sixty
second street and the Boulevard lor $110,000. They
b*ve since been onerea $ii!6,ooo within two week*,
and refused it.
Charles U. Havens, George H. Peck and Joseph H.
Godwin purotiaaed ?bout this period four lots on
the norm west corner of Sixty-second street and
Bightn avenue ror $72,00
John H. Sherwood ana others purchased from
Tuomas A. Vyse. two parcels, one of thirty Ion on
Sijrto avenue. lietH and ll7ih streeis, and the other
of twenty-six lots on Sixth avenue, llsth and lltith
streeis, lor $JOO,UOO. Mr. Vyse paid the November
previous $212.01(0.
Four lots ou the corner of Eighty-seventh street
and Eleventh aveuue sold tor $'jo,ooo, and immedi
ately resold for $22,000. Tlie first seller purchased
them tn April, is:i. for $11, WO.
The above are but instances of appreciation re
Buluiiir irorn a spec.al movement conducted by
shrewd sud strong speculators. It Is proper to say
In tills connection, as was remarked to tne writer by
a gentleman of experience in real estate matiers,
that both Boulevard properly so-called and Fdta
avenue property wtthiu the lines heretofore desig
nated is
FANCY PROPERTY
and. to borrow the simile then made, hold the snme
relation io other city teal estate that a horse like
I Dexter does t<j an ordinary trotting horse. There
are those who want suon property atul are willing
to pay any price lor It, irrespective ot relative val
ues, hence there is always a market lor it, and as it
is all In strong hand lliere is no danger of lis being
affected by the olsturbauoes which produca a de.
preciatiou 111 other directions. Tuts is true. In fact,
oi all city propertv which is in the hands of parties
able 10 carry it, who, noiwlthsiauding any tempo
rary ens b that mav arise to tne groat loss and
perhaps ruin of weaker holders, can afford to be in
different to its effect and wait for the ro
turulu? tide or appreciation. Tnat there is this
EliB AND FLOW IN HEAL ESTATE VALUES,
the same as In other departments ol speculation,
there can be no doubt, and that for a couple of years
back real est ale in this city has been on the ebb in
respect to prices there Is a very general com lotion.
Certainly this is true of improved property, as wit
ness the very considerable decline in rents laBt
spring. There is also sufllclent cause lor tills cou.
duion. At the close of the war, with a ledundant
currency ana a new class of lullllonnalres, whose
business being suddenly dwarfed by the termination
of operations in ihe held and the' disbaudment of
tue large armies they haa led and clothed, armed
and equipped for four jears, a great deal ol surplus
cap .Ml sought employment and investment in vari
ous directions. l'art ot this went on the stock Ex*
chauKO, while a considerable portion found its way
into real estate, producing a rapid advance an t
stimulating an active speculative movement. Tills
continued lor some time, ihe market growing In ex
citement until it suddenly dawned upon the minds
of operators mat prices were too high, when the
market collapsed. An euort was made to
galvanize It into further activity by means
of Do^ns sales which, however, failed,
and tue condition has since been one of
almost complete stagnation, buyers growing
more bcar.sh every day, while owuers, where
obliged to sell, were forced to do so at a liberal con
cession. The heavy purcha-es ol the ring in the
meantime maintained a decree ol firmness 111 the
market which limited offerings, au 1 with ihe ex
ception of these operations transactions were on a
restricted scale. This has been the condition or the
market for ihe period mentioned until recently,
when
THE DISCLOSURES RESPECTING THE RfNO,
creating a suspicion as to the legality of transfers
maue to and from Its members, provoked Increased
uneasiness In the market and buyers have almost
withdrawn. Such Is the state of the market to-day.
Actual sales are few and bids rarely approach nearer
thau seveutv-dve per cent or the valuation of two
years ago. The transactions have been too few yet
to furnish such evidence as would establish this as
the rule, but such Is tue prevalent leeling. in this
connection It may be Dcruuent to remark thai the
success or the sale or the Spofford estate on Wednes
day was, it is said, mrgelv attribntab.e to the pre
sence 01 the hens who were present to protect their
property, as thev had a right to do; otherwise In tho
present temper of the market such prices could not
nave been obtained.
Thelu uieof tne market Is one of great uncer
tatnty, ihe influcnccs likely to operate, and upon
which any Judgment must be De based, bein^ in
themselves problematical. Much will depend upon
the condition of the money market, any undue strin
gency iu which wou'.d be severely felt bv weak
holders. A great deal ol the property bought two and
three years ago was sold under mortgages or sixty
per cent, many or which are now maturing. Of
course fresh mortgages can be obtained, but it 1a
not likely, in view of Intermediate events, that I
either the same percentage or tne same valuation
wiu be allowed.
A REDUCTION OF TWK STY-FIVE PFR CENT
upon the valuation of two years a^o will be re
quired. upou which tifty per cent will i>e the maxi
mum loan allowed. This, of course, applies more
directly to unproved property, the income irora
which has decreased In this proportion, but
It is likely also to prevail to a great de-
gree In the case of non-productive property,
excepting special lots. UDon the line of or adjoin
ing improvements producing constant and steady
appreciation. Again, the business of Hie past
couple ol years has been unprofitable to most or our
merchants. Mr. Boutwell's extraordinary efforts 'o
reduce the national debt have withdrawn so much of
tne prout* of ou*lne>s from the shopkeeper and
dealer in (tie way of taxed a* to leave but little sur
plus income from trade sources. Here, then, is one
great source of weakness which cannot be got over,
and which must eventually work a decline.
There are, oi course, those who hold
DIKKBKKNT VIEWS
from these, but, except an abiding faith In the pros
perity of New York, they have little to support their
theory. In respect to tne fu.ure of New \otk real
est ate. looking bevond the present period of reaction
from past hign value*, there Is no room !or doubt
that in time another reaction will come which will j
Hi i thein still higher, but ia the meantime the sljtns
are all too apparent that the market now is a lal'.lrg 1
one. ami tha* if any activity at all come real estate
must go down further before It will go up. We are
not llkeiy, however, to leei any such convulsive
movement as the post history of the market shows
to have occurred. The situation is altogether differ
ent. In the rtrst place ti e issue 01 government una
national bank currency endorsed by the govern
meal has relieved us f toe danger that formerly
presented Itself In the stoppage of a bank,
wbiie the more liberal disposition now prevailing
In business circles, and wnleh so often enai-ies a
man when In difficulties to enter into such arrange
ment with his creditors, without publicity, as will
permit him to continue in business or retire without
aerasn. reduces the chances of a panic below con
sideration. In our view, then, of a decline in real
estate we see
NO 8I0N OF IUNOER.
or even excitement, but regard It more In the light
of a gradual shrinkage wnich must occur and is
necessary to place real estate on a par with other
values tu&t have depreciated in turn sluce the war.
Uptown Property nnd Pnblic Improvements.
The value of uptown property has increased la
proportion to the advance of public Improvements;
Ucuce It Is a matter of great interest In this connec
tion to know what Is beiug done by the city authori
ties to improve uptown property by grading, level
ling and paving the streets; laying out roads and
boulevards and preparing for the work ol extending
and building up the hitherto
WAMTE PLACES OK TOE WORTH END
of the metropolis The works now in progress and
which are under the management and control of
the Department of Parks are Sixth, Seventh, Eighth
and Tenth avenues above 155th street, avenue St.
Nicholas (from Central Park to 160th street), Man
hattan street, from avenue St. Nicholas to North
River. The west line of the Park Is adapted to the
new grade on Eighth avenue, where a large amount
of fliliuK is required, ranging from four to twenty
reel in depth. This, of course, elevates the property
oa the west side of the avenue, giving It an over
look into the Central Park. It Is intended bv the
Department of rarks to improve Klngsbridge road
as soon .is tho report of the Commissioners on
widening ami straightoning this road is confirmed
by the Supreme Court. The road extends froui issth
street to Llarlem River at Kingsbriuge. it will de
velop and Improve the whole district known as the
norm end 01 the island, Including
WASHINGTON nKIUHTS DISTRICT,
PUns are now being prepared by the Department
of Parks lor tne improvement of High Bridge, Morn
lugside and Kiverside Parks. It Is expected that
work will i>e commenced on them mime nat ly. All
of these parks were laid out by ike late Central Park
Commissioners, b. whom proceedings were com
menced for acouli tng utlo to the uiids Included
witnin those parks and places mentioned. By law
It became tne duty of the successors of the Commis
sioners to continue the work of improving and per
leetiug the public properly so acquired.
The etiect ol ihe public improvements on pro
perty on the upper end or the Island, lying north of
Kilty-ninth street, is shown la the following
tables of
VAI. CATIONS IN EACn OF THE TnUI'E W*HPR
for fifteen y> ars past, and In which is contained the
Central I ark. Kiverside Park, Morningside l ark,
Monnt Morns l ark, High Bridge Park, i tic Boule
vard, sixth and Seventh avenues north of Central
Park, avenue St. Nicholas and Manhattan street,
now in process of Improvement and construction
W'm/.I IK.1*
Will.. <tU),14f.3tiU
i?iii ?,u4i,ii3
ffl.l 10SJ?.?W
MiMUm ;0,0?8,78S
i",y7j,<75 u.ai.w
1I.M3><>, IS, >61 ,U25
T'UI?| iD,?M,<Wl| Jl, 1 12,171 1 35.W...MV 4.1,10.., I2?
II, *>1,114
IB,f?0,47*
14.17.'!, 440
Wi 4.
1M1.
12th.. ?d2,4&4,?76
1. Hi.
ruu
1?,UMJ,Su8
1W1
4?,?4^S7Vi
WW.
14,134,926
IV IM3.4A2
18,MI,1U2
W.4IU.4IW
W..i2.4M
?i,uaiw.v6a
i rv?. im
12th...
19th.. I 87 636, 060
1CJ... 2l.e&2,71!i
1888
<8,?fti,i!r5
63,147,7.0
173,439.818
26, 4^9,668
^>1 sots
riHl?l<SU U70 41bil8"^|#^|lt U7,986,U30 180,
Dsouct total va< jn 1m) .717
Showing a tot- J inn-ease 1 valuation to these three
_wards iro W56 to le7l, of 8148,783,080
T'V* ARK*. OCCUPIED BY THK CRNTRAL PARK,
Mortnaarelde Mid Kiverside Parks, Mount Morris
square and High Bridge Park covers about l.o&T
?rres. of course this, lieinK city property, Is uot
subject to taxation. So, then, we have as the
result of twelve years' well-directed energy m im
proving and uenu'ifylng the upper part of the city,
au increase lu the value of taxable property In the
three wards of fl40.7H3.0iV>, although 1,057 acres of
land within the district wer* la the meantime
tlirown out of taxation.
Tit K VAt.fR OF TO* CITY AND COUNTY PROPERTY.
According to the report of Messrs. Anthony J.
Bleecfter. Adrian H. Mailer aud Courtiand Palmer,
commissioners appointed bv Mayor Hall to assess
ihe vaiuo of the city and county property? which
was completed on the 1MR of July aud presented to
the Commissioners of the Hinklug Fund? the lotnl
value of tnc city and county property, as estimated
by the assessors, Is $243, 986,499, The following is
the recapitulation of
Til* F8TI MATES PRF.SKNTKn.
M l?ce ilaneous properly 14Jfl1,740
?Sundry luU 2,719 "117
Public riiuiltirs und Correction 13,5&3.lkK)
Board of Kdecation 6,0!S,570
Fire I'epnrtment 1,1011,176
Po.lce Uepartmeut l,81s,440
Marked 4.J67.361
1'ubiic squares autl par:.* 106,415.460
Wharves and piers North Rlvor) 7,69X000
IVlrtivo* aiM jdrm (Kaal itlvor) 5,634,4:13
Croton Aqueduct i', WK1, 0110
Total value of city and county property $S48,Hhfi,498
Kt'TI.M ATF.l) V A I.I K OF TtlC PARKS AN1> by U aKTH.
Abingdon Park, t iguth avenue frftl.'tf'O
Bowling Green S'U,UOO
Tto Battery, bouulet by RaUery place, North
River, Whitehall and Stale streets, lota un.1
buildings 5,1 00, Of 0
Worth Monument, Fifth avenue 150,000
Bou Ward, Mlth avenue and Sixiy-llitrd streets. 1U5.0 0
Mornln.ai e Park, llOtu and lJ3d streets 1^7,000
lluane Pars, Hudson street 6W,i)dU
Ma ilson square, Twenty third street and 1'weiitv
alxth street 8,fiK",noO
Mount Motrin square, 124th street 9:J4> 0
City Hall I'ari 12,777
Mission Pars, Worth street 1^5,iKi0
Park at Intersection of Chr.stopher, Orove and
Foil rtn streets 45,000
St. John's Park, Canul, Hoboken, West and Wash
ington atreeta 19V, 000
fttuyvesaut square, Socmd avenue 720. 'Ml
Ftuy vesant Par*, Fourth avenue and Sixth atreet. 100, 0U0
Tnnipkln's square, avenues A and B 1.8S4.0M
Dillon square 3.29H.OUO
Washington square 2,2r,(>,0'M
Reservoir square 1,342, U00
l'unllc plaee, Fifth avenue, Fifty-eighth and Fifty
ninth street" 75 ',(100
High Bruise Park 897, 4lM
Central Park, Including Manhattan square, ground
and buildings 73,275.000
Total value of parks and squares I$lU6, 418,460
Long Inland t(enl Estate.
The Long island real estate market is quite active
at present, and has been for a few weeks past. The
aegotiations pending between the New York State
Camp Meeting Association and the owner of Car
penter's Woods, at Qlen Cove, have terminated In
the purchase of the property for $OJ,oOO. It com
prises sixty acres, with a frontage south and east
on the Sound, and a steamboat landing. It is lo
cated nearly one hundred feet above the level of the
surrounding country, affording a splendid pictu
resque view of the country for several miles. TUree
hundred cottages will have been erected ere the
time lor the camp meetlug of 1872. It la proposed
to make it rival Martha's vineyard. The natural
beauties of the place are many.
ON THK FLIT8H1NQ ROAD,
between Flushing and Jamaica, a company of Xew
Jersey speculators have purchased of Jeremiah Val
entine 120 acres or bog lands for the purpose of
manufacturing peat as an article of fuel.
Several large buildings have been erected,
and over oue hundred thousand dollars, worth of
machinery placod in operation.
AT BAY8IDI
the great Lawrence estate of several hundred acres
has been disposed of to speculators. Prices In this
vicinity fluctuate somewhat in accordance with the
possible chances or more frequent railroad commu
nication. This property sold lor 1350 per acre. Single
lots average from 175 to $160.
in Hempstead, quite the dullest of any place on
the Island, there has been surprising activity of la e.
E. A. iruikstiaok, W. H. Hewlett, Tnomus 11.
Clowes an.t Charles II. Everett have been making
ext nsive sales to speculators. Tins activity is no
doubt owing to tue undoubted ultimate completion
of
MR. A. T. STEWART'S RAII.ROAD.
Prices have advanced forty per cent. The same
activity niev tils at Farmtngdale, the preseut termi
nus of Mr. Mewarf* m 1 i m?d_ There uuviug been
considerable talk about the exteuslon ol Mr. Stew
ards railroad to Hresiau aud Babylon the specu
lators are using every device to ascertain the trutu
ol Hie matter, l'or tne purpose of purchasing ail the
salable waste land along tne proposed route. Turee
routes hive been surveyed; out, excepting Mr.
Stefan, no person knows wnicn of the three will
be accepted. In ihta vicinity the lands have been
condemned bj agriculturists as worthless lor pro
1 ductive purposes; but a practical lest nag proved
I these opiiuous to iiave been unreliable and prema
lure. Mr. J. H. Toinlinsou two years ago put
ronv acres under cultivation for experimental
1 purposes. This year the lands Have yielded rich
crops, such as ?vlute pcacn olow potatoes, rve at tne
raie oi twenty busheis to Hie acre, and oiack oats at
the rate of seventy Dosuels lo tlieacie: also rhu
barb In great quantities. Mr. Tomlinson Intends to
continue his tests. Owing 10 ims discoverv land per
acre has increased twenty per cent
The greatest, activity is in trie vicinity of While
stone and College Point. A movement is on Toot lo
annex Whlteqtone to New York, in lie hope of tue
consummation of this movement New lork capital
ists are investing lieavily. Lots average $8u0 each.
Having a river ironi oi several miles, it is a desiro
bie summer resort. Andy Uarvey lias a large and
handsome property at College Point.
In Long Island t y blocks of houses arc In course
of erection. None but capitalist can own property
j In tais p. ace, owinj.' to tue high prices and heavy
i rates oi taxation. Ferry Improvements lorm one of
t tie most conspicuous leatures of the Improvement
of tiie plucc. The atreets are filthy and disease
breeding. Local enterprise is very dull.
THE MtKKKI' IN BtTKKOLK COUNTT
Is quire dormant. In Centreport a new academv Is
beiu* erected. The work of grading the Smith
town and I'uri Jefferson branch of the Long Island
Kailroad has been commenced. Property in the
locality though not as vet in aemano. has advance l
twenty-live per cent, in price. In Babylon sales to a
consnleracle extent nave been made. E. V. Brown
purchased a lot from Mr. Litcufleld lor $5,000. Mr.
J. w. Mobrav has purchased the residence or Isaac
Wnletts ii.r $4,500. Hoyd Wicks has purchased a
lot irom L>r. Wagstnfftor $4,50J. Building is quite
brisk. Ill addition to the private dwellings In
course of construction, the Baptist Society have
commenced trie erection of a new church, and Miss
Uannon is erecting a seminary and boarding school
tor young ladles at a cost of t&>,ooo.
TRIAL F0;t tiiilDKR Of LOlKPOiiT, S. I.
A C.'ie That Will Command Considerable
HympatHjr.
The trial of Aratus P. Plorce for the murder of
William Bullock was commenced In Oyer and Ter
miner, bciore Judge Daniels, at Lockport, last
Wednesday. Pierce Is a young man oi about thirty,
a resident of Lockport till about two years ago,
when lie went to Chicago as clerk. lie lias always
borno an Irreproachable character. Bullock was a
man of the saino age. or a little older, and was en
gaged in manufacturing In Lockport, where he had
lived several years. An intimacy beiween Bul
lock and Pierces sister was loilowed by the
seduction of the latter under promise of mar
riage as is claimed), and the birth of a child
subsequent to tue death of Bullock. Pierce
learned of his slater's condition and caine to Lock
pori, where the traced? occurred, on (he 11 in of
last March, about eleven o'clock In the evening.
PU rce had been with Buliock for some tlnio, at the
house oi the lortntr's lather, and the two walked
theuce down to Main street together, a quarter of a
mile, apparently ami abiv. The street at that hour
w.i, ami .si veiled, mii 1 very quie:, but lighted >'Y
the gas lamps, l wu policemen standing on the
cornei of M.tm and Pine streets, winch l? perhaps
tue hi oft public place in the city, saw wh.it loliowed.
Pierce and Vullock came to one of these corners
ami stopped, standing quite close together and
lacing each other, when Pierce drew a pistol and
fired. Bullock turned and fled t.p pine street.,
j closely pursivd by Picree, who fired three m?re shots
at hi in as they ran, In succession, the policemen
pursuing both, in iront of the Continental saloon
Bullock fell and lay on ins l ack in tin- goiter. when
his u -uilant came up and fired another shot at
him which, it is believed, i asued thiougn his hat.
As Bullock rail ho snouted ".Murder I" Pierc? im
mediately ut rendered himself to the po ice and
was taken lo the police headquarters and thence to
the iM.il. When asked why he had done this tie an
swered, "Time will tel Bullock wa- ni o taken
to the police headquarters, exclaiming th.u lie was
"snot ail to pieces," and on the next a iy was re.
moved to lus home, where he lingered just seven
weeks, when he died, April 29. lie had received two
wounds one lu the abdomen and one m the back?
the first of which was the cause of ids death, a re
markable anil uuu.-ual feature of tilts dreadlul bust,
ness is that Bu.lock and miss I'leree were murried
while tne former lay on his dving bed. 1 he child
was born u few da; ,i ait.T its fatner's death and in
living.
OBITUARY.
t-
Itcv. SrptiinuH .lu*iln, l>. P.
Rev. Septimus Justin, 1). I)., died In Washington
on Saturday last. He occupied during many years
a prominent position in the Presbyterian Church,
and was several times chaplain of the Senate and
Hoiue ol Representatives of the l ulled Mates, lie
was an able ami accomplishes divine, au exceilcut
in an and gwd cuueii.
POLITICAL.
EMCS COUNT! POLITICS.
The ftltaation In Brooklya? The Complexion
of the Nomination*! Democrat la and Itcpnb
Ucen? The Reform Ilfovemeut? The Mayor
alty Question the Most Kxcillne? The Can
didate* la ike Field fer State, Ceaatjr and
CI l j Office*.
The political campaign In Kings county la now at
1U height. The candidates for the several positions
ol trust and emolument at the gift of the people
hare been nominated by the regular nominating
conventions of the party organization?. The con
tending forces are now confronting each other in
battle array, flaunting their standards defiantly in
the breeze, and occasionally making ??cnarges" and
counter "charges-1 over the Held. The smoke of
combat Impregnates the atmosphere, and
loud reports of "corruption" are heard
at intervals along the line of tne
republican armv, which are silenced by
salvos of heavy ordnance from the undaunted
democratic horde. Meanwhile the spectators who
crowd the heights of observation and look down
upon the struggle applaud elihor side, as best suns
their respective partisan proclivities, and speculate
upon the eifect of a reinforcement coming up to
join the republican corps (wUich is vastly outu um
bered by Its adversaries.) The column approaching,
which, It is believed by thousands, will decide the
b*sue ol coinoat, is known as the "Relorin Pha
lanx," and is composed of "citizens, who, Irrespec
tive of party, are in favor ol honest aud incorrupti
ble local government." There are many republi
cans and ex-oiilcc holders of the regular
democratic or "Rluir" organization serving as
leaders in this body, and tlicy have sent
their trumpeters far in advance to aunouuee their
coming and to recruit their ranks. They charge
fraud agalust the existing administration ol local
government, aud coutcnd that tue annual expendi
tures of the city and county governments have
reached the enormous amount of $18,000, wo.
These and other aocusatlons, which li proved
would place Brooklyn in a similar condition with
New York, are the Inducements oiTercd to rccruits
to Join tne ?'reform corps," which tuey pledge
themselves to elTect If successful. A few evenings
ago a mass meeting was held at the Skating lttnk,
at which several reformers exhibited figures, which
were published In these columns at tue time, that
renected fearfully upon tne honor aud credit of the
city. It was proposed to emulate the action of New
York by appointing a committee to investigate
tne accounts o( tne departments. The power to
appoint the committee, wnich was to consist ol
llity, was delegated to the chairman, a Mr. Uack
bousc. mis was capital made in the Interest of
their ticker, tuey contended, and then tuey waited
upon Ma.ior kulbtleisch, the honest o.d uuicumau,
aud requested him to uccepi tne citizens' endorse,
incut tor re-election in opposition to tue exist,. 114
j tomv, lie accepted the uoaur thus con errej, aud
has girded on his armor to do nauie wiui the relor
iners as agaiust tue "powers mat lo." ine uccent
auce of tneir nomination gives a force ana ex,.res.
siou to the Youug Democracy movement wuicti
they would not otherwise attain, as it umulga mates
them wnu the Uiuk reioriuauoii.sis in the co.niu 11
cause 01 opposing tne reg.iar uc&et of tne dernoc
racy. It also creates a hue Ipophoio or
breach in the ranks of tue latter? whose
strength it la sought to divide? lor tue entrance
01 a tew republican nominees into tue 1 recmcus or
office. The foremost choice through this avenue is
held by the candidate 01 tne ur.int party lor Aiayoi
ex-Mavor Samuel Booth, 1'liut gentleman, who
was the predecessor 01 Mayor Kalbileisch iu otllce,
has lined the Jiajoraity cuair two terms (louryears),
aud during that time has earned a record lor lion siy
and tue laltntul administration or onice so< ou.i to
none, lie is at present i'ostmaster of H.ooKon and a
prominent cuureu member 01 the Metno.iist u,pisco
pal persuasion. Personally lie is u (juiet, ugreeauio
gentleman auu stands well witn botn parties.
The democratic regular choicu u.,s ntitcu upon
Samuel a. Powell. This gentleman, wuo is
a native of New York State, is ot Quaker
descent, and has (years ago) served uvo
terms as Mayor ot Brooklyn. During
the term of his ouice taxation, it is claimed, re
vealed 11s lowest figure, oe*ug tuen ft .0 on eacu
tioo of valuation of real estate, lie nas not been
identified with politics lor niauy years, ana is now
caned lrom tue seclusion 01 private hie to oear the
standard of >ns par.y lu tne iroui rauk fiom uence
lorth. lie is a merchant by occupation, aud is
soiucwhai promiucnily ideuuiied tu cuurcn mat
ters as a pious advocate 01 religion, ills i>??t
record, like Mat <>f Hie presnul Uig ur, Muitiu ivuio
fleiscli, and i'ostmaster Booth, lor strict economy
and honesty is claimed and admitted oy tne com
munity to be ummpeactiaoie. The lollowing is a
list of the regular nominations for Stale, county and
city oUlces:?
State.
SIM ATS.
Di'U Iffmnrr, L RetxtbHcun,
li.t? Jam-s K. Pierce* John C. Perry.
8<1? lieury C. Muryhy" A. W. U. >u alcW'rn
AWtMBlT.
1? David C Altkea* (Adjourned).
SJ- Smith C. Bay 111' t. f. Wuitr.
3? Dominic* H. Koehe* Hans Curi.sllan.
4 w mlam W. Moaeley T. lanuer.
6 -(Adjourned) hiitfene Ji- rrl.
6 -Maurdz Kechter Cup.aln 1 eck.
7? W in. tVainwrigbl'... 0. B. Mor en.
8? Joseph Droll Ue.j. C. Bennett.
V? Jubu C. Jacobs* Oliver B. Lc ch.
Conuty.
Dtmoer J!t uhlimn.
County Ju.ig' Henry A. Moore ...William '"olt.
Vi-trici Attnrnry,... W inchest or urilton. A. Uiutay.
Supe/vinoi at iMigt.. Wm. J. Osborne*. ..liwl.hl Johnson.
Ctuni ty Tratwer.... Tho?. A. iJardiner'.K. A. blg^S.
C'lunti/ An HUj' Morris FlllCcrald iiauncey M. Ki ll.
Ju luc of jifiom.. .btepheo I. Voorheea'Barnei Johnson.
Janiei li. Jones'i vV. J. tl. H. Sin ih and
D. i; Lawrence Dr. OtoiL'e Little.
Win tell III* ili. IJ).
Comm'rio/Chai iti*. Ilcnry Seller* an. 1 Henry Wills and Ueo.
Corn'* Kerhuaou*. W. till. Well.
City.
Drmneriit. Rrjryhficiin.
Samuel S. Powell. .Sdni'iel Booth.
C mi'lioUer hvari M. Johnson*. Kred II. achroeder.
City T Cornelius Spinous*. Job i Williams
C.ty Auilitiii James O'Brien.* .Nelson Hucurman.
Cui.e Ujr i if Tiux*. Jacob I. Bergen Lemuel Burroughs.
Di<
JuUica q/ Pnoc. .'i- Thomas Rlcly* Charles Phlllipf,
4? t iara B. r.liutt J. W. Jones.
b? Thou. Lames* John Marshall.
6- James Cassidy \V nber ju alien.
hr >,m mil fun,// tjcinocracy.
Mayor Mai tin Kalbtlelscb.*
(XmtfitroiU' rancid Mar key.
City Tiftiuitr K. S. Harden our*.
Oatltriiir 'if Taxe* .William L. Kouinson.
?Candidates for rs-electlon.
The remainder of the ticket will be filled this week,
ami it win oe pushed forward witn ai. the energy
which Its adherents are capable oi excrcHng. A
remarkable feature of the present complexion of
the regular nominations oi b.nh pari.es U thai a
decided prelerence has been shown for candidates
who are "native and to the uiauuer b.im." This is
Instanced by the fact that on tne democratic side,
which Is supposed to be the foreign si.ie oi the
house, native born Americans of "ye old tune pedi
gree" are unu sually numerous. They are touud in
the nominees lor Mayor, Comptroller, cuy Judge,
both .senatorial district*, five Assembly districts out
oi nine, District Attorney, Supervisor at Largo,
Justice of Sessions, coronets (Eastern and Western I
Districts), City Treasurer, Collector oi Taxes aud I
Assessments anil two Justices of the Peace out of
(our. Tne ratification meetings will be held tins week,
whin each party will asserts its superior cialtua
upon the recognition and support of UM people at
the polls on the now rapidly approac luug election j
day. The democrats claim that tne majority which
Kings county will give on next Tuesday week will
be between 12,ouo and 15,oou, winch 11 accomplished
will go far towards wiping out the rcpublica gains
in the weaker Western counties of New Vork, a. id
will strengthen the cause in that unnroken column
whlcn the District Attorney, Samuel U. Morris, has
wid shall march on Washington in the campaign of
1872.
TCJirkMS CdlTfY POLITICS.
I. u(k of Political Entltiinlcnim? Compnrnllve
Indifference of Buth Parties*? heellnu Amunf
the Colliding and Fenton Fucllunn-I'rrsl*
dent While and the Nyracato Convention?
Ideas of the Democracy? The County Mood
for Fnlr Republican Majority? Nueces* of
the Republican senator and Assemblyman.
l ti i aca, Tompkins County, Oct. 'in, 1S71.
Comparatively speaking there is very little politi
cal enthusiasm just now in Tompkins county. Uoth
parties appear to be rather inliflerent tn.tn other
wise over the approaching election. There aro no
questions of eltner local or general mtei est calcu
lated to call out the full electoral strength of either
side. The lndlfTcrcnce of the democrats Is owing
chiefly to the fact that tney have no hope of
electing any of their candidates for local o ill cos,
and they do not seem to appreciate the practical im
portance to their parly of making any special cttort
on this occasion to swell the popular voto for the
general state ticket.
As the State gave over 33,oon majority for Hoffman
last year the democrats in the rural districts cousuler
it a foregone conclusion that tho state will give a de
cided democratic majority ttus year. They depend
upon the city of New York to more than counter
balance the republican msjonties In the country.
While they admit thai the Tamiminy troubles may
operate to some extent In reducing thu democratic
majority in the city, they have no idea thai the vote
will fall so far short as to turn tho tide in favor of
the republicans. In fact, they feel quite content
s M to Uio general result, aud whatever ?Jb>
ottemeat thofe is ujvhert In mainly over
local candidates, with nore ami tnere a
contest ovqy Senators in district* and Assemblymen
In oouutiet, This county is considered republican
Dy about, om tnonsand. Last year it gave a ma
jority of W3 for Woodford. It Is thought tne vote
will be smaller this year and the majority lighter lu
consequence. Althougn the county is republican
there ts some feeling among the factions; that is to
say, with reference to the Penton and Conkliusr In
terests. The preponderance of sentiment seems to
be rather on the side of Penton, and tne Congres
sional district of which this county forms a part
sent a Penton representative last year to Congress.
Still there is a disposition ou the part of many re
publicans to ignore all sectional Issues and to unite
in support of general republican principles.
Resolutions to that effect were adopted by
local republican conventions. some prominent
republicans lu this vicinity are "issatlstted w tli
the proceedings in tlie Syracuse Convention, and
tbere are some comment* in that quarter on liie
altered partiality of President White as cnalrmau
of that Convention In lavor of tne Coukliug inter
est. 'Hie Cornell University, of wnloh Mr. White is
Presldeut, being located Here, and tne lriends ol
Coukliug, Corned and Wnue being brought directly
in c> utact with tne ir lends of Penton, mere is more j
leeling here ou tnat subject i nan in any oilier local
ity in tms section of tne ctate, except, perhaps, at
Jamestown. President White's personal popularity i
neie, nowever. in view 01 nis highly estimable
character ana his labors and uoeiaiity witn refer,
ence to the University, serves to' solten tlio 1
asperity of those wno complain of his course
in the Convention, in his own case tUey are
disposed to palliate Ills appai eiu preference and to
lootv beyond his political proclivities entirely to Uio I
man. iicuce while tue^n matter.* arc mentioned in
conversation here they wm not euier actively into
the canvass. The only euect tney will have, 11 any,
will ne to produce lBdtliereuce In some quarters, I
so that ilie republican inojoruy lor tne btate ticket i
may not be so large tuts jear as formerly. i'he do- I
uiocrats claim that they are gradually reduciug iuo
republican majority in tue county, ami by a .Mow
but steady increase on tueir side they hope even- I
t ttaily to bring ilia county back to tne sine of t ho
democracy. This year, however, tliey concede at
least iuo or boo republican ina.oriiy, wnne tne re
publicans themselves beileve they can poll 1,000. it
is likely that u we stiouid split tue difference the
estimate would be more accurate.
There was a continued contest in the Republican
Convention for 'a choice ol candidate lor Mate sen
ator. fcach ol the tluee couuiies foimiug tue Sena
torial dk-trict?iioga, iiroome and Tompkins -hud
its lavonte. Broome desired the reuoiuiuaiion of
chapman, wno was Senator last term; lioga touglit
lor Tuotuae l. c hat lie Id, who was uuany succeas
lul, and iompkins appealed for the promotion ol
John 11. Selkieg, wno uas ueeu ner representative
lor live years ui the Assembly, and is editor of tue
ropuo.lcau o>gan here. Seikreg would have re
ceived the nomination for Assemblyman a^aiu, but
lie cnosc rather to 'ako ins chances iu the conven
tion lor the higher tirancit ol tue legislature.
Alter two days ol iruitless effort the Conveuuou ad
journed over tor a time, aud atter reassembling
nominated chattleld, tne Broome couuty delegates
a. last trausierring tlieir support to him. ll.it this
rivalry of counties practically ended when tue
Choice of the Convention was aunounced. Tne ques
tion ol locality will have some ^ligiii uiiiueiico on
the vote lor senator; tuere will naturany be more
enthusiasm over Chatueld In Tioga man iu Tomp
kins or in liroome. it will otuy be a matter ol ma
jority, however, for eacu ol me three comities s re
publican, aud Cuatiieid's success is certain by a i
comolued majority in the district ol about in.ee
thousand.
Tne county Is entitled to oue Member of Assembly,
aud tue republican candidate, aiisou Jiuetilcs. is
certain o his seat, His predecessor. Selkreg, was j
eaauy elected lor Uve successive years. Knettiej is
a new aspi: ant lor legislative honors, ami. be*i es
the sutirages ol Ills constituents, ne lias the advan
tage oi au excellent war record. The democratic
candidate, lleiiry Brewer, may no said to have au
ec|.te.l tue nomination merely lor lorm's sake, seve
ral other democrats equally available having shown
no desire u> ruu.
Whu the exception of Assemblyman all the repub
llcau candidates in tne county this year nave been
renominated lor lueir respective oitlcea, aud no one
on citner s.de lias any doubt of tncir election, in a
word, T Pinpnitis county will semi an Assemblyman
ami do Its part in sendiug a Senator to Albany this
year, and at tne same time will give lor tue ^tuta
ticket nearly its usual republican majority.
SCHliVLEIl ?<HJ\TY POLITICS.
Rivalry of Two towns lor tbe County Scat
o> Schuyler? tbe Animosity It L!uii??(iereil?
KITcet on tli? Locnl i'olitic* of tuo County?
I'baiici'i in Favor of t lu< Democratic landi
dale f r Anaembl v inuu 1'i-ububle Election
ot a I'epiiblican .State S?untor?Uo|i?s of
the Democracy? A Close Coutost for lioth
Branches of tho l<oainliiture? -uiull Itepub
lican Majority for tbe mub Senate.
W atkixo, Bubigrier matj, Oct. 27, 1?71.
Political atfairs lu Scuuyler county are a littlo
mixed at present. Ever since the county was or
ganized there have beeu dissensions, re.atlng not to
political principles nut to couuty mailers, the effect
of which haa been to u.vide tbe voe of the rcpubli.
can party here, especially with reference to candi
dates for local otllcea. lhc.se dlsaeusious nave ex-
lsted for some seventeen years, ami ihougn time
and events have aerved to heal tucui to somo ex
tent, there remain some truccs or them winch have
their influence yet. The troubles date bacK as far
as 1864, when this couuty was formed out or the
counties of Chemung, Tompkins and Steuben. It
la s'aie t that the author of t:ie evil was Mr. Charles
Cook, who la now deceased. Havana, a rival
town, lies three miles north of here, Wutkina
being situated at the head or fceneca Lake.
Cook waa one ol the Canal Commissioners or the
Htate, and waa mainly in tru menial In having a I
ship canal cut from me lake to llavaua. in tuo pros- i
peruy of which ue waa personally and particularly
Interested. When commissioners were appointed i
to locate the couuty alto he tine wall his personal
ano ouiciai Influence iu favor of Uavaua. Notwith
standing that tne sentiment or the etitzens or Ave
ont of the seven townships, moulding a large ma
jority of the people of the county, wanted Watklna
to be the county seat, and took occasion to iudicato
and urge their preference, the commissioners has
tily dectdeu in lavor of Havana. This creatcd much
dissatisfaction among a majority or the people and
gave rise to a outer and unge.ieroua rivalry or sec
tions, which continued for several years. Subse
quently tne Board of Supervisors, under a clause In
the State constitution investing them with certain
powera, took occasion to enautre the county seat to
Watklna, but soon afterward Mr. Cook, about I8>;u,
succeeded in getting the Legislature to pass an act
restoring tne honor to Havana. A lew years ago
Mr. Cook left tne county and the world forever.
Uls death bad tbe efTcct of putting an end
to anv further cause for the dispuie; lor, atter the
remov.il of bis presence and bis influence, a strong
and successful eflort was made to establish tne
county buildings permanently here at Watkins,
which, situated as it Is at the head of a bcauiliul
and navigable lake, la natnralty their prjper Bite,
uu; the tlva.ry o tne towns uas been all along till I
recently tue source of bitter jealousy and had leei-
mg gener ally among the people ol tue couuty and 1
it uas appeared most prominently in ail election*. 1
particularly lor county o Ulcers, it is acknowledged
now that tne question is seti ed finally, and the old i
animosity is giadually disappearing, vet there are
some wlio neither can forgive nor lorget. such is
ihe expiuiiati.ni ol H.o long -continued unsettled
state oi politics in Schuyler couuty.
'I lie closest contest over aav o .xer tills year will
be for member of Assembly. On a purely parly
issue .schuy.er couuty Is renuuilcaii. Several years
ago, in uiportaul ftesideutiai tights, it snowed Itself
very strongly so; but moie rete.ii.ty tue republican
majority has been falling on and the democratic
vote has been gradually gaimug. Woodward's
inajoiity for Uoveruor last year was oniy 387, but i
in the i ace ol tlut tne democrats elected their metu-
ber oi Assembly, as iney aid the pre ?'lo ts year. 1
i hey reel ver* saugulue tuui Hi y will do the same j
this time, although tueir caiiuidate bus not vet
oeeu put lu the held. The couuty couveniion lias
been called to meet to-iuorro.v, to select iheir
standard bearer. Ii was expected that Thomas c. j
Coon, who was successful ai (be last two elections,
would bo I lie candidate again, and ho is tne llrst I
choice of the meiuueis of his putty, und perhaps
tue strongest they could scle t, bin it is understood
that he will decline to run. Should he adhere to
his oecisiou the neiuocrats intend to nominate i)r.
William 11. iish, of lite village ol Mccnicuoing, i.i
the town of llecior. Although Ins town is iiio
republican st.rongnold ot luo county? it having
ulveu a republican majority of uio last
fall, wlilie the wuoie republican majority in
the county was enly Mi ho was last spring
elected bupervisot ny a small majority over his re
publican compciltoi. iiis irieiids insist that, his
own township will give him an Increased majority
this year, and that that will be sufficient to elect him
in the county. tiu< whether uc or some other shall
be the candidate, the democrats feel ntute conflount
that ihey can elect their man; and indeed luo
chances seem to be rather in tneir favor. Tho re
publicans have alietdy made their uoiuinatloii lor
meuiner of Assembly, 'ihey have chosen Harmon
L. Oregory, who is one ol the stro igO>t men tuey
could opuo .e to cither Fish or Coon. 'Ihe repuoii-
cans complain that ihey have lost soiue strength at
I tie polls hi recent years, through me uctive in u
ence ol two members or their party, re.Mdciiis or
tho countv, who held sinecure appointments icierk
snipH) under Tweed in New fork city; but they
hope tnai ilutt Influence will be lost to the o?1*"}*
crats tins year bv tuo exposure of tuo matter. vv uu
ihe practical healing ol tne local jeiiousies growing
outoi the contest ol tho two towns lor Ilia county
seat, and with vigUanot and activity oil flieir l"11';1'
the republicans express not only tue hope out j
the belief thai t hejr will elect their inciuoer oi As
sembly. iiepubiicaiis say they nope, but in 'act
Uiey lear. Considering Uiat Um democratic canai- i
date had a majority of soma Biz hundred last tail
and that tbe indications i olut to Im side as tbe suc
cessful ou? this year, it w naiurai to eorne lo the con
clusion tnat the democrat* will in tue present in
stance elect ttielr Aasemblyman a/aiu.
The situation witn retereuce 10 Slate Senator la
almost exactly the reverse. Schuyler. hemuug
and Steuben counties constitute the :<eualorlai dis
trict. Deducting the usual democratic ma.orlty ot
Chemung, tue district is considered good for a re
publican majority ot lroiu six hundred to one thou
sand. The republican majority of sen a iter gene
rally neutralizes the democratlo majority ol
Chemung, leaving Steuoon. wuin is a laixe countv
to roll up tho repuoiiran luajority in the district'
which It so frequently has done. But the
contest will foe rather closer thau usual lor
Senator this time. The republicans nave nominated
Cabrlei S. narrower and the democrats <;eorire B
Bradley. tfcth being residents of Steuben. Inas
much as the district bus not sent a democratic Sen
ator to Albany for the last twenty years the repub
licans nave no Idea that the usual result will be
changed tills time, Personally both candidates are
acknowledged to i>e excellent men. it is blnted
however, tuat narrower was formerly a democrat
and has some of his rousutui-nts t conciliate, while
Bradley has none. It Is conceded that Bradley is
personally popular, and some at his most ardent
admirers even say he can carry nls own couuty of
Steuben. That would elect n.m senator, lor the
republican majority lu hc.mvier c .untr this year
will be less than the democratic majority of Che
mung. But the democrats are too .san /m tie over
Bradley, although tliey argue w.tli some force in hi*
lavor. Tliey believe tne vo e lor Senator in thH
countv will be prettv even, an I m> it will, with, I
should fay, a slight majority lor larrower; and then,
with Schuyler count, neiitra Ued, they contend that
the democrailc inaiorlty ol Che nuuiz will more than
counterbalance the rep ibiica t ma orlty of Steuben.
As uiey put it the tiling louk^ very line, and, indeed,
there may not be many votes to satire on either
st Ic, but the cluuc&ut pro eut are 111 favor of tno
republicans, and the probability is that they will
win.
While the vote varies in this county on local
I sues, when State or national questions or candi
dates are at stake, i tie po,i,i;.ti sentiment ol tho
county Is rcpuolicau. Generally speaking, the
republican element will e anted on the State
ticket, but the vote will nJt be very lull. Tho
democrats are equally hutmoniius and appear to be
quite active. Ihe tcpuoi:caus ciaiui to carry the
county by ^uo. Some sanguine democrats declare
the republicans will not carry it at all, out. judging
from the opinions of careiui men lit both oartlea,
it would seem that tho republic in stale ticsot will
succeed in this countv, although its majority Will
be very small.
NLW JKKSEY POLITICO.
Tbe Cnnpulga in Knncx ('oiiiiiy?tit-niai-ratle
Convention Vviiterduj Tlic But) Fairly In
Motion.
The campaign in New Jers ;y has been fairly under
way tor some time past, but It is now that tbe
contest between the two great contesting parties
begins to be interesting an I exciting. The Urrai.u
bas already given a faith ui reaex of the situation
in Uudson county, toward which all eyes in tbe
Stato are now anxiously directed. In Kssex, tbe
adjacent county, the canvass is also or a character
lo excite attention, in It, thus far, since
the Newark charter election, matters have beeu
very quiet on both sides of the bouso. A week ago
the Republican Couuty Convention assembled and
placed In nomination lor Stienir Colonel Charles
Courtols, a popular Frenchman. On Saturday the
Democratic Countv convention assembled in
Newark and nominated oy aoclainatlou Colonel
James Peckwell tor ilie same position, 'l lie Colonel
is a native Jerseymau, is a nleiou/ democrat, has
lrom a boy been actively Ueniiik-d with the local
militia, and made hosts o, menus among all parties
by ills splendid inauag -meat 01 the .Newark police
lorce under the Com ntssi in t ii me. ue is, there
fore, an exceedingly strong candidate, and bis nom
ination shows mat tlic democracy of Kisex propose
to make a desperate struggle to carry the couuty for
Joel Parker. At the ia->t election lor sheriff the re
publican candidate, Andrew teed, carried the county
by ouly seventy live majority lu an enure vote of
about .sixteen tuousau I. It is announced that a
Mr. Henry Price, a strong republican temperance
man, will run on an independent ticket. As soon as
feck well's nomination was anuouuccu on Saturday
a large and handsome o aimer, suitably in
scribed with the names of Joel l*arK-?r and James
ivckweii," was stretched across iiroan street, oppo
site the inarKCt, amid ihe hooiumg ol a salute ol
thirty-six guns from .u or Kooert Haugcrty's
battery. There was much untuusiium over tbe
nomination ol Colonel t'ecKweli. Tne democracy
took a new and much uoe led departure on the
mutter of coroners. Tiuv pia ed on tneir tickets
the names of Dr. Charles F. Wcbuer, George Spottes
woode and Ju ige Am i J, wean. Tne coroners ol
Kssex lately seem to hare beeu selected for tbeif
especial u outness.
A DEFAULTING BOS f Off CAS SLIER.
Onk Ilnll Robbed l> art n g Two Y i'nrn Frec
mnn latch fl Id the Thief.
[From the Boston Advertiser, Oct. 28.1
The sensation of yeaterday was the discovery (hat
a costlier lor a large establishment in this city, n
man whose repuiaiion lor bonor anil integrity bad
been unquestioned, una who ha i moved In tbe best
circles in that part or (he my in which Do lived,
bad lor mouths, and. petliaps, years, pursued a
BVHieiii ol altering account* aud stealiug small sumn
01 inon8y irom his employers. Aa AUoertixer re
porter visited oak iiaM yesterday and obtained the
lollowlng particulars or tne defalcation ol Freeman
I. LncntleUl, ol Mr. lieorge W. oimmous, tbe senior
partner or tbe ilrm ot U.nrgo \V. Simmons .t Co.
Aboui three years asro he engaged Lite, afield as
a salesman, lie was i hen about, twenty -rour years
old, ol good parentage, of pieasine address
aud good mauuers. ins la. her was deal, and
his nioLher, who has been unwell lor so:,ie time,
Is no w in a prccai iout> couiit.ou iro.o illness caused
bv gnel at her sou's misconduct, lie was in poo*
health at the time, being engaged as a printer in
Water street. As a saiesmau he won lie confidence
oi ids employers, wiio mane 'inu cashier alter he
had beeu in the store liaMly a year. Ilia couduct in
this position was su. h as to lucic use the confidence
whicu the Ilrm had in him, an t they congratulated
themselves in baviug sucn a mail. He had oecotnc
quite promluent in hast Liostou socie.y, having got
up one or two mosquera ies w men were quite suc
cessful, aud had become a ireiterui lavortie. He de
veloped great canaclty .is au accountant, being able
to despatch a great deal oi business with speed aud
accuracy, 'lbe system oi accounts winch ne had tc
keep was very simple, and atlorded no possible loop
hole for dishonesty. .Nearly all we sales were made
lor cusli, each salesman having a book with bis num
ber on It, in which he entered each sale, with the
cost price and selling price, as, tor Instance,
tue loliowing: "Due i>iau* coat, ab,od.''
Tins book was sent to the casmer, who made
tue charge and coined the entry into his own booK.
He balanced this book every night, and toat duty
being done, gave It to one oi the partners, 'ibe lat
ter would then call oue of me salesmen and go over
the books, seeing that every entry In tne salesmen'*
books corresponded to ine entries iu Litchfield's
books. Mo discrepancy was ever louud In these,
lint there was another book, a sort of blot;er, iu
wnich petty accounts were kept, small charge*
which were not deemed of imporiaucc enough to he
regularly ported. Through tins book Litcbileid
loutid an opportunity ol steailug small sums ot
money because it was never reguiaiir balanced.
Suspicion was Qrsi aroused by tue lact mat be
seemed to have mote n o icy tnau could properly be
accounted for by a cleiK receiving a weekly salary
or $.u To be sure he was a sing.e man, aud ooarded
witn iriends, but it was noticed mat iio was soeud
lng considerable money. In aduutou to tbis be
organized the Clti/.cus' Course o lectures, wblcb
necessitated an amount ot ready money foi
tne possession ol winch tils eiunioyers could
not account. The only means ot his obtaining
money was through mis "blotter." Mi'. Simmons
begau examining this and miaiiv took it homo for
u carelul investigation. He louud lu many cases
hgures had been altere 1. da. wig back certain pay
ments so as to give the idea tnai they had been
properly accounted lor. The trouble culminated
very soon, and iieteciive Dearborn was called to
Oak Hall on Wednesday lor the purpose or iorelnu
Litchfield to an explanation. No warrant had beeu
obtained lor ins arrest. Litchfield was at his desk;
the defective came in and stood talking with Mr.
Mininous. who was w.iu.ng lor an opportunity >o
speak lo Litcnileld. I lie latter pronably recognized
tip' detective, for ne started out to the oack of the
store, ran up stairs, borrowed a hat uom one or tho
workmen, jumped Irom the window and made his
escape, ills hat and coat ,he nad on a black alpaca
coal which he wore wuen at work) were hanging ou
tn? nali near lilsdes.v, ami lie having a slip of paper
in his hand, .Mr. .~>iin nous tuuught he ha i gone ui>
in airs to gei an account irom one ol tbe workmen
and watted lor ins return. inding he did not re
turn, tne detective went to nis noaiding placn, itf
London street, but lie had uo(. gone there. Nothlntf
has since been seen ol him, aud toe oulv thing yet
heard Irom him is the following. wBloh was re
ceived by tbe tiioi yesterday lu an uupostiuarke^
envelope:- 0ab ,Uja 0cl IP71.
bj wisjisi'sa sa &s?i SS
III* kingdom,
1 have *ira'
and loving living
Kingdom.
have *trayed from Ilia leaohlnf* of ray detr .1* <1 father
and loving living mollier, because the raulty of the worl.l
iriiipm l lot* ami now 1 Ic.ive all lual are In I*??mI dear lo mtV
Their face* I aliall nnver look up. mi a?aln unlli mr l
where Uod'a goolne** an4tru*t will overlook my mi*.lee1i.
1 want you to examine .uy account* carel'iily. m out lh?
amount of the rtehcleucy. carry li to who will keep It,
unit amne day, If Ihl* or* not di*tr*ct me, I will. Hod mf
wune**, par il Oack iwoioid. I'rayin* dod will lorflre nf
wr.xig* an. I thai all who have irn.ie l me lo loui will not r?i
t,uri| me id i namuiy, 1 rental. i i t li v. r jiceulii'arie.l ai.l re
peoti'Dl, yotim, KBr.l'.MAN t hlTi'llKIKLI).
The an. ount of the defalcai Ion can only ne ascer
tained by acarclui exanii lation or too book througii
winch tue money wat euibe/.zied; nor can it be full*
deto, mined until it is known whether lie recclvcj
any money and did not mark tlie account paid oil
tho hook, it is believe i, uowovcr, that it will not
exceed $6,000. Ileiiasa.so all Mi money fur tim
lecture tickots sold ioi tne Ciuzeus'iJ oume, and thti
commute' will doubt ess oe unable to pay tho icj
turi rs except at considerable pecuniary sacrliieiv
A Inend of his said recently that Litciiiield said tit*
thousand tickets winch lie -.aid were given to tlis
teachers and clergymen of the city were paid roj
by tho head ol a well kno,vn publishing ilrm In tli'J
city. Mr. aniiraom, nowover, is of tiio opinion thai
AO suvu Qurnucr oi tickets wore given artar At ail.