ty
vibune,
eo-Dork

ork RT ~IW.YORR. TIHVREDAY. SooewBER oT "PRICE FOUR CEWIS
CIEL NEW-YORK. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14. 1871. y PRICE FOUR
9,576.
FOREIGN NEWS.
ee
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
LESS FAVORABLE ADVICES FROM SANDRINGITAM.
Lowvon, Wednesday, Dec. 13, 1871.
The hopes revived by the slightly favorable nd
vies from Sandringham, last evening, are hardly
borne out to-day. The official bulletins given below
show nothing encouraging:
MARDRINGRAM, Dec. 13 8a m. His Royal Highness
the Prince passed a restless night, and there ix no dw
provement in his condition.”
SHANDRINGIAN, Dec. 13 Noon. The condition gf ths
Roval Highness, st this heur, is unchanged é
The above were signed by Sir William Jenner and
i.e other physicians attending the Prince.
Three o'clock p. mm. An extra edition of Bu Loudon
Times containk the following dispatch:
KING®E LYNN, near BANDRINGHAM, Dec 13- Noou
In the case of the Prmce of Wales, there hax been no
restoration to the frag stages 01 couvRlescence, ux wi
hid right to expect.”
A telegram to The Echo from the viewnity of Sand
ringham save the delirinm of the Prince is constant
bat not violent. He does not rave, but mutters in
coherently hour after hour witheat cassation. No
official bulletin has appeared since the one dated
Randringham. noon.
sa o'eloek p.m. The latest official bulletin has
just appeared. as follows:
RANDRINGHAM. Dec. 15 5 p.m. The Prince has been
very unquiet all the afternoon. The rravity of the
sy mptoms is unabated.”
There is a feeling in gome circles that the official
Lulletins have represented the case of the Prince of
Wales to be worse than it really is in order to arouse
sympathy for the Prince and make him popular.
The Pursees of Bombay have offered prayers for
the restoration of the health of the Prince of Wales.
Eleven o'clock p. m.—A bulletin issued from Sand
ringham, at 10 p.m. by the physicians in attend.
suce upon the Prince of Wales, say® his Royal High.
ness bas passed a less unquiet evening. Unofticial
dispatches from Randringham. however, are un
favorable. The lung symptoms are reported to be
wet distressing.
Y
oe TD
ANSAULT ON THE GERMAN MINISTER BY THE

CZAROWITZ.
LoxpoN, Wednesday, Dee. 135, 1871.
A special dispatch to The Standard from St.
Petersburg states that yesterday the Czarowitz Alexan
der became involved in a private dispute with the Prince
dc Reuss, Minister of the Gerinan Finpire to Russia
The passions of both were aroused, and the Czarowidz so
fur forgot himself an to make a personal assault on the
FEmbassador. Friends interfered, and the belligerents
were separated Much excitement is caused by the ius
ede ut

i
i

f
MORE TROUBLE IN THE CAKINET.
MADRID, Wednesday, Dec. 13, 1871.
There ix rumor that a Ministerial erisic and
a conscquert dissolution of the Cortes are imminent.
MISCELLANEOUS ENGLISH NEWK,
FAILURE OF THE TELEGRAPHERS STRIKF—THE
SOLAR ECLIPSE.
LONDON, Wednceday, Dec. 17, 1871.
The etiike of the telegraph employés ig
@viog out. The men are returning to work in all the
 priucipal erties, without accomplishing their object. and
the movement has proved a fatlure.
A dispatch by the telegraph line of Southern India sud
[tre Red Ken cable announces a sucocksful observation of
the total eclipse of the sun in the Southern Hemisphere.
The party of observers consisted of Mr. Newman Lock
yer, the wellknown writer on astronomical subjects:
P. MacLean, RN; Capt. Tupman, H. N. Moreley, R,
3 Priswell. W. J. Lewis, and the Rev, R. Abbay. Biguor
Resp ghi, the distinguished Ttallan astronomer, and M.
Jannusen, the Freuch savan, joiued the party at Sucz.
latter will always be remembered for hia discoveries
a regard to the red flames in the corona. and who so
ably supplemented the observations and speculations of
he French observers in that quarter. The photographs
the corona now obtained are reported as perfect,
The
The Britieh Poreign Office hae sent instructions to all
t= agents abroad to investigate the organization of the
{various branches of the Ingernational Bocliety in the
pourinics to which they are respectively aceredited, und
gepcittiareen to the Government,
nat
5 ANALY Bo
a BAIT RMAIY AMY'ITHYBENT
FIRIOUS RAILROAD ACCIDENT.
Panis, Wednesday, Deo. 13, 1071.
At accident, caused by a collision, occurred
W<la; to the Boulougne tidal train on the Northern Rafl
way, cur Survilbers. Beven personk were injured, and
Re loeoinotive was destroyed.
———tlffie en
NEW ITALY.
ANU CURATION OF CONSTITUTIONAL GOVERN:
MENT IN ROME—OPENING OF THE PARLIA
MILNT—POSITION OF PARTIES.
{FROM THE REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNR.]
Rouk, Nov. 27.—Before the international
t1::0 hearing the evening mails leaves Rome, the tel
»ciaph will have transmitted to the world the King's
weceh verbatim, and, until this has been conveyed to
sil the prefocta of the realm and to the foreign embassies,
80 private ‘elegrams are to be socepted. Little there
fore remains for correspondents to narrate but the io
sugural ceremony, which only for the Romane has the
sitraction of novelty, and presents no distinctive fea
tures for those who have assisted at similar spectacles
during the last ten years. Up to last night the heavens
tow cred, and the rain threatened to spoil the illumnations
which bave been arranged regardless of expense,” But
this morning the skv dawned sercnely on Rome, and
trom Plaza del Popolo to, the Porta Bt. Sebastiano, na
from the Porta St. Pancruzio to the railway station,
palaces and houses, sumptuous villas and cobblers’
walls were adorned with banners and gwrlands, hung
with wapestrics, and festooned with flowers, until one
Ft inclined to ask where are the residences of the 34,000
peitisans of the Jesuits, who have signed a comter pe
ntion w Parliament, (if we are to believe the assertiou of
the Osservalore Romana), in favor of the maintenance of
hat order! The streets, Corso and squares were
trongod from an early hour; a8 no carriages were al
lowed to enter the streeta through which the
royal eortege passed, the podestrisnd bud the
paversent to themselves. Their applause and cheer
ing of the King and Prince, who, in military uniform,
Jeft the Quirinal in a close carriage, and of the Princoss,
who occupied an open carriage, were hearty and pro
longed. Though only a limited number of tlokets were
distributed, the spectators’ gullery was orowded to sul
focation. The police, who mustered strong, only added
to the confusion, and the wonder is that no seeidert bap
pened.
1 was disappointed in the ball, which, despite the
brightness of the day, ts dark and gloomy. When I vie
ited it oue Baturday I thought the darkmess without pro
duced the gloom within; but 1 sm now convinced
‘that it Ww au fotriusie defect of the new building.
Looking down from the gallery on to the
hail you seem 10 be looking down into a vault, whenes the
noisy greetings and the sonorous kisses of the Deputics
‘arcee with cavernous echoes. Fewer were sssembled
than expected —searcely 100 Senators, snd certainly not
wore than 300 Deputies. The Emperor aad Bmpress of
Bias] seemed to enjoy the spectacle. The king looked
'biuff 40d iv geod humor. Lanzs, as soon as he enteged
the hall, went up and shook hands, with great effusion,
with the Deputies of the Left, who, though nes in their
regular seats, kept pretty well together. The kidg
made himself heard very distinctly; was spplauded
avd cheered at the outset, though a very decided
“ha, ba, bem!” from the Opposition and portion
of the public, greeted his slowly and emphatically
enutitiated announcement that thess religious fnstite
tons, which form part of the government of the uni
versal Chyreh, will be left intact.” This 1s the oaly fn
formation vouchsafed. Never did a royal speseh econ
tala loss matter in many words; but this wae precisely
he only sim of ite framers. They may congratulate
themanives 0a their entire sucess. The question is now
what religious institutions form part of the goverameat
of the universal Chureh! The mumber of religions
orders Ih Home are 73 for men aad 51 for women, dis
tributed 1a 37 Dowses; there we 249 men
aad 350 women. Only o few canes cas come
withis the Consurvative slamee; Dut 15 30 9YI0ont that all

RI'SRSIA
SPAIN.
FRANCE.
the orders bope to creep within the pale, seeing that the
heads of each order bave signed an appeal to the Pope not
to quit Reme, but to remain in the hope of obtaining a
modification iu thelr favor. Even without this touching
appeal the Pope had decided to remain, despite the vote
of the majority of Cardinals in favor of his departure.
The attitude of Europe which refuses to regard him as a
vietim or 4 prisoner the manifest disinclination of France
to receive him as a guest “the certainty that, from Victor
Emanuel and his pious minister,the Popewill obtain better
terme than he can hope ever again to secure from any
imaginable foreign intervention—pointa of view which
the wide awake Antonelli does not fail to enlarge upon
wre gradually persnading the infallible Pontiff, that, if
hig position 18 not very pleasant, it might have been far
more uupleasant and ragged.
fo today the formal inaugnration of the constitu
tional rrgime in Rome is undisturbed by connter demon
strations. We were informed by a Vatican “interviewer”
that all the arms in the armory had been polished and

cleaned, the 165600 perenssion-cap Trifles, the 30,000
breech-loaders, the battery of light pieces, the
two mitratllenses, ull placed in order in case the
faithful should vote for defensive or offensive wariure.
But, ag vet, the only demonstration offered ir hy the
eminently practical editors of the Unita Cattolica, who,
in order to console the Holy Father, ou the 27th Nove.
ber, a day of grief for him as for ourselves, depose ut
hik feet $2.400— Peter's Pence in the name of Italian
Catholics.” These kame cOmMMMON-sense champmons of the
Holy See also ¢all upon believers throughout Italy to ex
press their gratitude to Hix Holiness for supplying in
the same practical form the vacant Bees with bishops:
and, up to the present moment, they have collected
768 signatures and $127 1% Baron Carlo G. Bianoo of
RBarbariea, as a proof of his profound reverence and most
sincere and respectinl affection, and in order to relieve
fn some sort the holy grief of the Supreme Roman Pon
tiff and, King, glories in offering the small mite of $4."
C. and wife, stricken with grief for the loss of an an
gelie son, send $4 to the August Prisoner. implore peace
for the soul of their lost child, a govecial blessing on the
family to enable them to sustain the bitter loss, and
grace to fit them to weet their virtuous son in Heaven.”
Very wise children of light tise: wiser than many chil
dren of darkness, and the Pope is mnch wiser in rece
ing their conkolations than io Hatening to the wild advice
of Cardinal Catterini Co
This morning one could hardly pass through the Corro
on foot even before the royal cortege left the Quirinal,
owing to the crowd assembled round a print-shiop where
hangs a picture of the Pope and King Victor Emanuel
clagping hands. Who knows but we shall live to kee them
in the flesh thus united t Inthe private consistory held in
the Vatican, atter nuining the new bishops, the Pope
merely lamented the persistence of the Italian Govern
ment in demanding the Bull of investiture previous to
granting the erequatur; but he isrued no orders to the
bishops to refuse the demand. Now that the Commission
is mamed to report on the 16th article of the law on Papal
guarantees, it is pretty certain that the erequatur, which
that law refers to ae only existing for such time as ie
necessary to come to a definite organization, will be
finally abolished. What grief will then remain to Hie
Holiness? Noue, far as 1 can see; so the artist of the
popular engraving may turn out a prophet. It is too
early vet (o discuss the chances of parties in Parliament.
I ean't help fancying that the Loft are looking
somewhat depressed. L'Opinione throws all the
blame of the revelations contained in the Langrand Du
monceau docutoents on Rattazzi. This is absurd, as
Rieasoh alane presented and defended that Convention.
But Rattazzi has a bad name, and every charge brought
against him carries weight. Neither are the prophets of
the present Government brilifant.  Vieconti-Venorta in
much disturbed at the decision of foreign courts, Hol
land excepted, to maintain two Embassadors, one at
the Quirinal and one at the Vatican. There are other
black spots on the horizon, and if ene can venture Ww
speculate. it would be on Minghett Co.

CUBA.
THE OLD STORY FROM THE SPANISH CERSORS—
THE REVOLUTION KRUPPRESSED.
Havana, Dee 13.—A document has been
issucd by promiuvent insurgents who have lately surrco
dered w the Government, signed by the two Recios,
BSandivar, several Aqueros, three Horros, Betancourt,
Melchor, Bernal, two Varonas, and over 3,200 others.
It ia dated at Puerto Principe, and says:
In the future we will adhere to the throne of Sula, and «rv now dis
posed to ald the Goverument. We have sews our |linsdou vauish heea nse
the comntry failed to support ar and foreigners faiked to seul us aid. The
Government of Bpaio is now sufleiently strong W wuvtain the iutegr.ty
of the territory.
The doctiinent farther says:
The insurgents now in the field are wontly negroes, vnder the leader
ship of Ignacio Agramwonte, whe rebelled against Cespodes. Not a house
Be la A ee ornoic AD ibe fotos sf the serene
taemerives the mastons of the sitastion, and re dorninent in (he districts
Istely held by the tasasrectionists.
The surrendered insargents, who signed the document
I wu the salvation of yp iis hn A
look ferward to reconstruction and an SATIY Poate. The
signers praise the qualities of Valmasedn his policy
to aitraey iis imsurgents, and ask the King to make.eon
cessdons fo the island after pesos shall have been estab
lished, Raming as a specialty a social constitution. The
signers abjure their Davk errors, and believe that they
gy the majority of their party.
fteen thousand insurgents have surrendered during
the past year in the Central Department, and state indi
vidually and collectively that they are ready to perform
whatever duty may be required of them ns good and
honest Spaniards,
The Gacela {aaw paper) publishes the document of the
surrendered insurgents in its edition of to-morrow. The
document is considered a severe hlow to the iusarcection
on wecount of the influence of the gigners.
TE
EXCITING DISCUSSION IN THE ONTARIO LEGIS
LATURE.
TorONTO, Dec. 18.—The debate in the On
tario Legislature on the address in reply to the Lioutenants
Governor's speech oscupled Monday and Tuesday, and
will be continued to-day. On 8 motion, coming from the
Government eide, for adjournment last evening, the
Goverument wae defeated by a vote of 33 to 88. It is
questionable whether the Government will be able to
carry the address, Mr. Blake, the leader of $he pvost)
tion, having moved an amendment, There is a g deal
of excitement; the House is crowded every evening;
the division i8 very close.
a aa——
THE FRENCH PRESS ON THE EXECUTION O]
RORKSEIL,
Since Ney, after all his valiant deeds, fell
plerced by French bullets, the soul of Franee has not
been 80 moved as by the execution of Rossel. Nearly
every French journal has something to say on it, and we
oull some of their epigrammatio utterances. The Temps,
in its usual moderate tone, observes that Rossel was
sacrificed to the spirit of alarm and uncertainty, and
ntks, Who does not feel that he would have been par
doned {if theroc were not fears of more transgressions
after his?” The Liber is rather non-committal, but
virtually condemns the action of the Govern.
fon SE SEE, Dt, FL he Eating
CV, A! n Vv ne
really impolitio and cruelty’ Tho Bonapartist. Crere
naturally disapproves of the executions from policy, but
still shows a leaning for the arbitrary Juatice of De
cember, "61, Ad days “This is the first time that the
system of par Diary 7okiine has been applied to re
Freomntarlly recall the Turkiss proverd, Quick iajustios
n
is better than slow justice.’
The Freese says God grant that this blood, offered to
the exigencies of a discipline as inflexible as it la neces
sary, may be the last shed.” The Xize Steele is Qissat
fsfied with the bloody deed, andl says: Let it be known
that in slaying these three men we have not ¥lled revo
lution any more than we have established the Republic.”
Jules Richards, jo the Oonetiiutionnel, Jofends the
ezecution by the barbarous argument that
there were 14 within alx days Tuna
the Olotatorshlp of M. Gambetta, which fast
he holds should sflenco the Raflosis. M. Gambetta
ed pn) secured through ke 5% say “we
$8 wh Sorrow [3 as which overwhelms vb us,
arrest we presipice
which Europe sees us dosctmdiag Avs
slilution 1a angry and deflan “Now,” |i¥
sare, “like Cleero going forth from the Matsartize
p 3h Mur seciag the aceomplices of Bo
stran you may ery before a Dborrified world the
sangilnacy vlan and make the old men of the Senate
Bolve that fie have saved the Repudlie.” The Bien
that Thiers oor sloguently in favor of
fear Lathe?
f and Yod points out thet of par
20 A ET A bust tine of filters, eltetedl
Sagecent beveesa ts and Gh. Front. socaing
jhe Foluinion of sentence, the sentence remains in
The Gaulois sides with the “party of order.” and
quotes in defense of the executions the historic scene
where the wife of would-be regicide threw herself as
the feet of a French Queen, saying, Take pity on my bus
band! Take pity on my poor ebjldren!” The Queen
nieed the suppiiant, and, taking ber by the hand, replied,

THE NEW DOMINION.
“T¥I) mo, if the King had been killed hy your husband,
would he not also have left a widow and orphans?” The
Figaro, fiokle and time-serving, calls the execution of the
two men “a great act of justice,” but says but for the de
fiant course of some Communists, “it aig have been
Jonnie to have saved Roasel because of ‘his youth and
lent.” The Paris Journal intimates that there was a
Pythias who was ready to take Rossel’s place in the cell,
while the latier escaped, but the suddenness of the exe
cutions thwartod the plan,
tor obher Foreign Mal) Rriracts see Becond Paoe.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
A WET BLANKET FOR THE COMMISSION—(ON
DEMNATION BEFORE REPORT.
IBY TKLKGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNK.)
WASHINGTON, Wednesday Dec. 13, 1871.
A pretentious little paper here, whose articles
on public matters are understood to be inspired at
the White House, has, to-day, a reference to the
Civil Service Commission, in which it says -that it
seems to be generally conceded that the Commis
son, of which Mr. George Willintn Curtis is the
head, is a downright failure, so far as practical
and pubstantial results are concerned—n conclusion
which Mr. Curti€’s own painfully labored apology
for the delays of the Commission, in the last number
of his paper, seems to confirm. It goes on to praise
the House Civil Rervice Committee, and promises
that, if anything can be done with this question,
the House Committee will do it.
There are many here who believe that no earnest
effort will be made on the part of the Administration
toward reform, either in the matter of appointments
or in the many abuses which the present system
encourages; and these men think they find. in this
samni-official attack on the I'resident’s own Commis
stom. the first stop toward preparing the public to
Ree ite recoinmendations entirely disregarded. The
Comuuisgion has not yet completed its labors or made
a report to the President, and it is said it looks very
little hike giving its plan fai trial” to devounce it
av a funiure beforehand.
CUKKENT TOPICS AT THE CAPITAL.
TAX SCHEMF—IMPOKTANT DECISION OF THE
ANGLO=-AMERICAN COMMISSION.
LY THLEGKAPH TO THE TRIBUNE
WASHINGTON, Wednesday, Dec. 13, 1871,
TLe resnlt of the Reuste caucus wae appsiont, to-day,
in the proceedings of the Beuate, the resolution, which
was offered by Mr. Anthony, having been introduced jo
caucus, it is understood, by Me. Morton and agreed to by
a majority. The debate of yesterday continued, aocord
ing to report, ln about the sane spirit which then cher
acterized it, independent Republicans likiog the so
called compromise no better than the original propos
tion of the majority, except that they were willing to
agree that the proposed commission should be a Benute
committee, instead of 6 joint one.
COTTON
When a vote was taken, Messrs, Tipton aud Fenton, of
the independent Republicuns, were abrent. and the
others, after making u protest, refused to vote. It is un
derstood that they will gencrally feel at Liberty %o sus
tain Senator Trnmboll’s resolution, noiwitlmstuuding the
action of the cavous.
Aun eflort will be made} this Winter to induce Con
gress to pass a law directing the refunding of the cotton
tax collected in the years 1866-7. A memorial upon this
subject, from the New-Orleans Chamber of Commerce, is
NOW velore the Comwittes of Ways and Means, which
argues that the tax was unconstitutional by reason of
its failing only upon one section of the coantry.
This will be supported by similar memorials from
other eommercial aesociations and Jetitiols frum
farmers who paid tbe tax, whic will soon
be flied. The amount that the Treasury would
Lave to pay in case the tax should be refunded
would be so enormous that there is nlmost no Seovaull
ity of ruch Lill passing, eveu with the aid of the py.
ciful Jobhy influence that would certainly be brought to
bear. That a wovewent is organizing to press the
scheme for refunding 12 indicated by information re
ceived here, {rom a trustworthy source, that speculators
Lave been busy in West Tennessee buying frown the
planters, for trifling sume, assigntoents of their clalwe
ww the 16x paid hy them. One man jn Memphis is ui
leged to hold assigntoents Betating 10 several millions
of dollars. The whole amount of the eotton tax col
lected is suid to have been over $100,000,000.
‘I'ne questions governing the appointment of olerks to
Congress Comnittecs wae looked foto to-day by the Be
Jeet Committee on Reorganization of the Civil Service.
A bil will shortly be reported showing what committees
require clerks, the extent of service required, and fixing
the compensation tuerefor. It is tho intention of the
Committee 10 make a general inquiry inte the clerical
status of all branches of the Geveruwent, properly
grading this branch of the eetvice, and fixing the remu
neration of the salaries of officers in proportion Ww thelr
responsibility and services rendered.
The Appropriations Committee has decided to rceom:
mend to the House an appropriation of $25,000 to reiw
burse the Post-Offioe Departinent for the loss of money
by the embezzlement of F. A. McCartney, late disbursing
py A= of that Departuent. This action SHkgens to many
members the question as to whether it would not be the
more proper course for the Department to obtain the
amount from McCartney’s boudemen than from Congress.
1t 18 aleo a subject of quis ae to whetaer bills are to
be passed iu the cases of Hodge and other defaulters.
The House Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds will bold a joint meeting, to-morrow, with the
Committee on Appropriations, to cousider the bill ap
propriating $5,000,000 for the immediate erection ora
Government building mn Chicago, vhich was reported
to-day by the former Committee and referred to tuo lat
ter. The 1llinols sopresentatives will press for the im
mediate {asake ot the bill, which tuey hope W pub
throuzb both Houses before the recese,
The United States and British jComtnisalon rceumed
thelr session to-day. In the case of Johu Holmes Hanna
agt. the United States, No. 2, the Commissioners decide
that the United Btates cannot be held lable for injuries
caused by the acts of Rehels over whom they could exer
"cise no control, and which acts they bad no power to
prevent. Upon this greund, and without giving suy
“opinion upon other pointe raised in the case, which wi
be considered hereafter in other cases, the claim of John
Holmes Hanna 18, therefore, disallowed. In the case of
Al‘red Paul Walker agt. the United Btates, No. 18, the
Commissioners decide that this claim shall be disallowea,
a8 sation no case for a clalio against the United States
within the jutent of the Treaty. The Cowniirsion ad
jonrned until to-morrow.
MORE ARRESTS FOR MURDER IN BALT LAKE CITY.
MORE ARRESTS FOR MURDI LN PALL LAKE UILY.
Sarr LAKE CIty, Dec. 13.—Alexander Brush,
a policeman James Thows, gunsmith; and Jobn C.
Blythe were arrested by a United States Marshal on a
warrant charging them with the murder of Dr. Johnson
in October, 1866. It will be remembered that Johnson
ya assassinated at widnight un a public street iu this
Fhe accused were remanded to jall to await a pearing
to-inorrow before Judge McKean. The prisoners are al
Mormons, and the officers assert that there is positive
evidence of their gallt. Deceased was kilied in front of
his own door, haviug heeu called out un pretense that be
wns wanted TE
EL
MUNICIPAL CORRUPTION IN CHICAGO.
Cuicago, Dee. 13.—It is asserted by several
of the city journals that several, if not all, of the persons
appointed to office by the Common Council on Monday
night, were approached by certain Aldermen, and were
required to put up Boney consideration to secure their
success, an thal only those persons who did so got
places. Beveral unsuccessful candidates make a public
statement, dezlaring their willlugness (0 make affidavits
of the fact thut mopay was demanded of them by Alder.
suen, and on their declining ire emphatically told that
they could not bave places, The newspapers demund an
fuvestization.
The Park Commissioners adopted, last Tues
day tha following resolutions:
Resolosd, Thad 1 1s this Board to keep in}
Speedy snp etice of the pabha works in the npper part of the city now
Rewolood, The) Oe Treasurer be authorised to dispense wih the
ptt ie tr ape. 1 a, Dura 1d pA
J
“the positions and oe so be may from Lume to Lm
Socin necessasy.
Controller Green says that ost of the workmen In
tbe poblic departments who have been clamoring for
their money sre now paid, and that the rest of them will
probably be paid to-day or to-morrow. s
The articles published wn sume of the newspapers, pur
Jorung to wives outlines of pew charter prepared by
the affairs of the Ocean Nati M Bak: h
Dee to Banks.......... avediie wrrrrsarrersr @05,104 88
Cemnmittee of Beventy, nre purely jmatioaiuve, as
ibe Committee having fle matter in or as not fin
hed its work sutticlemtly to be able to state positively
oven the gener) features of the proposed charter.
...Bix foches of snow fell at Baratoga, yesterday.
....The Grand Duke will leave Boston this morn
ing for Montreal
....The steamship Siberia, which arrived in Boston
yesterday, had two cases of small-pes os board.
dy. Garrett has been elestad. for the four.
w «...The Hon. William Cox Ellis died yesterday at
uncey, Peas. He served is Conprim oben HE137%0 504 ho oldest
Sumber of shy 1I0oming County Me was prominent member of
WASHINGTON.
rca co
1GENFRAL PRESNR DISPATCH.)
TELEGRAPHIC NOTEA.
POSTSCRIPT
9:40 A. M.
THE PRINCE OF WALES,
THE SUFFERER NOT 80 RESTLESS—IIE JIAS HAD
SOME SLEEP.
Lowpow, Thursday, Dee. 1&8 a.m.
An official dispatch from Sandringham, dated a1
o'clock this morning, says: “The Prince of Wales is
Jess restless. There is no increase of exhaustion,
and he has had some sleep.”
Tho illness of the ¥rince creates ausiety throogh
out Ireland.
Tho Republicans and Democrats of London are
about te send an address of condelence to Lhe Queen.
THE BANK ORASH.
tro
TWO MORE FAILURES.
THE UNION-SQUARE AND EIGHTH NATIONAL
BANKS IN THE HANDS OF RECEIVEKS.
Wall-st. was filled with startling rumors of
bank failures, yesterday, and anticipations of more to
day, but when the facts were uacertaiued,! it was dis
covered that the Jonly banks which had actually sus
pended g¢uring the day, were the Unlon-square
National Kank, and the Eighth National Bank,
ad No. 660 Proadway, neither of which was
a member of the Clearing-House Association.
Ou Tuesday, when theffallure of the Ocean National
Bank was antiounced, suspicion at once fastened upen
the Umion-square National Buuk, us it redecwed through
the former, and, it was believed, conld hardly fall to be
affected by the sudden stoppage of its cleariug facilities.
A TriBUKE reporterfcalled at {the bank in Union-sguare,
in the eveniug, end wae informed by the President that
a meeting of the duectors wae then In pro
gress; that the Union8quare Rank dia not
lose fm dollar by the easpevrion of the
Ocean Bank, and that it had nade arrangements whereby
the National Bhoe and leather Bank, at Chambers-st,
end Broadway, would become its redeeming agent in
the Clearing-House from and iucluding Wednesday.
This {information was veriticd at the Shoe and Leather
Bank, which, on Tucsday evening and yesterday morn
ing, caused notice to that effect to be seul W the
different banke conuected with the Clearing:
House. Later In the morning, however,
they s¢nt another notice to the bauke, revokiug the
former, and daclaring that the Bhoe and Leather Bank
would not be the Clearing-House modinm for the Union
square Bank. Thie created new distrust, and the latter
bank, though it contigued to do business for some hours,
wae compelled about Doon to cease payments, and, by
the action of Controller Hurlbust, to accept as receiver
Honjsmin F. Beekman, President of the Merchants’ Lite
Insurance Company of this city.
A. V.8tous, President of the National 8Lor and Leather
Bank, when applied jto for information coucerning the
reconsideration of the Clearing-House arrangement,
stated that the collaterals which bad been promised by
the Union-square National Bank to secure the former
bank in its dealings with the latter, were not fortheom
ing, aud although Mr, Stout urged them to present them
at once, they did not do so, and his bank was compelled
to send out the second notios to its associates. It ws Le
lieved and stated that the Unionsquare Bank did not
bave the necessary collaterals, us it had been impaired
to a considerable extent, though by what weans 18 not
yet known.
The ofticers of the Umon-sgnarefBank admit that Bank
Examiner Callender of this district had the same facili
ties with them that he had at the Occats National Bank,
only not to so great an amount, bis memorandum
checks in them represontivg only about $16,000
or $20,000. ‘fue bank has been in existence
about 1} yeurs aml: has capital of $280,000.
The Receiver states that he has not ye! familiarized
biwself with the affairs of the bank, but hopes to wake
a statement soon, and to pay the depositors in full. Its
stated by the bask officers that the assets will be sufli
client to moet the liabilities. ‘Much excitement was ox
hibited by dealers with the bsuk whew it was suthori
tatively anuounced as suspended.
TUE EIGHTH NATIONAL BANK,
This bank suspended business at about 103 mu. yes
terday, in consequence of the refusal of the Butchers’
sud Drovers’ Bank, at Bowery and Graod-st., to ad
vance them money, or to act as thair redeeming agent in
the Clearing House any longer. The Eighth National
Bank had transacted business with tho Butchers’ aud
Drovers’ Bank since the former's foundation in 1868, and
had always met its obligations until recently when it
was compelled to depend upon the Butchers’
aud Drovers’ Bank for assistance. The re
fusal of the latter bank to extend any fur
ther aid was not due to any loss sustained
by it, but at meeting of the Directors, on Taesduy
evening, the recent failures were taken into coneidera
tion, and it was deemed necessary to discriminate in ad
vaneing loans. The Proeident declined to state how
much the Eighth National Bunk owed the Butchers’ and
Drovers’, but he said that he held sufficient security for
the amount advanced.
Many of the depositors, upon the announcement of the
failure of the Stuyvesant and two Savings Banks, became
frightened, and withdrew their deposits with the view of
placing them in a larger and safer institution. Thin
weakened the bank SUhuiderably, a4 4 great amount of
1ts assets was locked up in real estate, one portion of
which is the old Maison Pore building on Union-square,
now oscupled by a clothing-house. Among the deposits
is the Police Monument Fuud, wp vy more than
$15,000. ‘The sum necessary to pay off the Tremont Police,
amounting to $400 or $600, was also Soposiicd there.
Several of the officials at Police H uarters had
accounts iu the same bank.
Yesterday afternoon a TRIBUNE reporter Apriled for
information at the bank, the iron doors of which were
locked and guarded to prevent unpleasant demonstra
tions from excited depositors, who had flocked to the
hank in the earlier J lon of the day. A gentleman
hehind the desk han the reporter the following com
munication, remarking that it contained all the infor
mation be could i. at present
The immediate ocoasion of the suspension of the
Pighth National Bank was the refusal of its request to
continue redemption through the Clearing-House, its
Siete not being available for such prompt rcalisation as
he present unsettled state of the Jublic mind required.
Albon Man of No. 194 Broadway been appointed re
ceiver by Controller Hurlbut, and has taken possession
today, but cannot at once, of course, sive a full state
ment of the bank’s affuirs, fe is hoped t the depos
itors will be paid in full. A statement will be prepared
at the earliest possible moment.”
The statement of the bank, on Saturday, showed the
following:
ASSET,
Legal tenders....ooo.ooveeinnnn. ses arssne rye $108,900
LIABILITIES
THING oes oo 0sserisserrreresss DIAN
UITCIUIRIIOU. 2 cee s srvessnaraannrrsss 200,000 $584 400
Tha eupitai of the bank is $75.00, aud its officers are
President, Union Adaws; Cashier, Charles Hudson Di
rectors, Union Adudksd, Charles G. Cornell, Henry Sinith,
George Cuuliield, Maltby, O Laue, Thoinay elellan,
John Fowler, jr., William Wade, and Alfred T. Conklin.
THE OCEAN NATIONAL BANK,
Additions feeling has been excited against Bank
Examiner Callender by the announcement that when he
oxamined the Ocean Bank, early in Ootober, he had
checks to the aryount of several thousand dollars, which
were marked as \egal-tenders m the cash, Sime of these
checks. it id represented, were on banks in which Mr,
Callender had no money. The resolution passed at the

ting of the Clesring-House Association, Tuesds,
reference to Mr. Callender is appanded v, jn
Sessiusd, That 1s 4s the alerts sud ills ot the hash of.
sea Fak he ti cl 1s osnsed di 0S eablonse of the
Resolved, {be Presidant of the House Association be re
quested lo 8 letter tothe of 304 Curiciey, ating dee
tained, as hik whereabouts was not
be removed sad competent peryon mea iabwpleer. KL
or 2
By vvsion
Due to Individaals........ verrerrn veieiareess 000.497 OO
Certifed Chocks. PETIII LL re senese
Loans
Bills dioeonnted. Seseave sheveveies
Margie os U. ks bpd
PPT TTT 7 gp N
BR YEE LL LL LIRR IIIT
Bovds and mortgages
fh im
pre AEE
CEE EE TEE EY
oF
sulfation and protection. The call for this meeting says,
on ors respecting the management of the Bask, and the
qrave remorn
fact thas the present Yoneiver Mr, Davis, Is aa attorney of the Baal, snd
a creditor to the sam of $5,000, and therefore ia sn waft person for the
trust, shoald insure the attendance of every depositor.
Wu. Il. H. Cuiros, No. 7) Maideo-lane,
Locxwoop Bysnwre, No. 51 Murray-st.
Perar Hagan, No. 413 Wasbiagton-ot.
OTHER BANKS.
A number of other tanks were reported to be in trouble.
Among them, the Bank of the Commonwealth, corner of
Pine and Nussau-sts. the Tenth National Bank, corner
of Broadway and Loonard-st., aud the Hoboken National
Bank in Hoboken. Mr. Camp, manager of the Cleatfug:
House, when questioned us to the first-mentioned
said that he knew nothing of the affairs of the bank that
warranted any suspicion of ite soundness, and hé id not
believe there was anything amiss with it. The rumor
with regurd to the Tenth National Bank could not be
truced, and the President of the National Shoe aud
Leather, which redeems for the Hoboken Buuk, indorsed
ita soundnéaf nda
COE ADAMS NOT A DIRECTOR IN THE OCEA}
NATIONAL BANK.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: In your paper of this date you include
my name. with the Directors of the Ocean National Bauk.
T have not been a Director in the bunk for the past four
years. Within the last teu days I have been notified that
I wan elected to fill a vacancy in the Board: but I have
not qualided. COE ADAMR,
New- Yuk. Dec. 13. 1871
TESTIMONY OF A BALTIMORE. DETECTIVE.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Dec. 18.—The Court met at
10 o'clock. Jacob Frey was sworn and testitied: He 18
Deputy-Marshal of Police of Baltimore City; he first saw
Mrs. Wharton July 1, last, when he called at her home in
relation to the death of Gen. Ketchum, which had been
reported to the Police Department for the purpose of
eniniog information; Mrs. Wharton then told witness of
Ketchum coming tv her house on Saturday, June 4, of
his sickness, and attendance by Dr. Williams; at this in
terview, which lasted over an hour, in reply to a ques
tion by witness, Mrs. Wharton said she purchased
tartar-emetic, and that there wus some in the house
daring Ketchum’s sickness; she gave permission tbat
her two servants be taken to Police Headquarters for
examination; she then informed witness of her
intention to leave for Europe on the following
Wednonday, and with that view to leave Baltimore on
the following day for Philadelplia; but she would not
now leave until Loe matter was Sleajed up; the witness
promised to call and let her know the result of the ex
amination of the servants, sad for this parpose called
again about 10 o'clock at uight, and informed ler that he
was unable to come to any conclusion after examining
the servants, azo that he was satisfied of their inno
cence; he then told Mrs. Wharton that she ouglt not to
think of leaving the city until the matter was cleared
up; she asked how long this would require, nnd he an
swored that he could not tell; some cases required many
months; Mrs. Wharton thon said the wituess had been
very kind to her fu giving information, and she desired
to make him a present; she then offered him a roll of
money, whieh be declined, saying he could not take
nee jun with Wharton th
subsequent conversation rs, Wharton the
witnéss questioned her closely about the purchase of
nd DE eris A kept where dhe servants
bad access to it; she sated it was purchaged by herself.
kept th hes Le: d the sepviints cou not get it;
during £0! cledtions, which cipred four or five
times, Mrs. Wharton sald that old gentléman Ketohilm"
was Joa ugly in the habit of drugelng himself, and he
might have tukeh tartar-emetic by mistake in a conver
sation between Friday night and Bunday she again in
sisted on giving him money; ut this time the note was
Shivad out; it waa a $20 bill which she offered, telling
him to buy hiinself a present the witness again declined
to recelve money or presents, saying that Le was an offi
cer, and t accept presents was against the regulations
of the departinent; she said that beingthe case of course
ho could not take It.
On Monday, July 10. witness called and informed Mrs.
Wharton that the Duputy State Attorney in Baltimore
City had requested witness to say to her that it would
not be advisable for her to leave the city at that time;
Mrs. Wharton sald that she was sory; Saat she intended
leaving at 2 o'clock that day for Ph elphia, and asked
witness about the propriety of her calling on the Deputy
Btate fttorney with a legal friend relative to her going
to Phliadeioh a: on the afternoon of the same day called
again, and inforwned Mrs. Wharton that circumstances
hud become known that made it necessary to place s
guard over Ler house to prevent uny one leaving, which
was done: his connection with the case ended here.
H. DD. Loney sworn—Witness is a member of the bar.
He testitied to Mrs. Wharton's aking sadarge of brown
stout on Tuesday afternoon, about 6 o'clock, for Gen.
Ketchum; she took it ap stalis, and returned in a few
minutes and said that Gen. Ketchum haa taken It; she
afterward, on the sawne afternoon, went ont riding with
a

rs. IH. D. Lager, wife of ast witness, and sister of
Van Ness, testified as to the sediment found in tumblers
containing miuk punch. The facts in reference to making
tlLis milk punch, and the sediment found in the tumblers,
have been fully stated in the testimony of Mrs. Hutton
on Wedneaday Inst. The only additions) facts stated by
Mrs. Loney were that the tumbler containing the sedi
ment was handed to her by Mrs. Van Ness; she took it to
Andrews Thompson, druggists, when Thompson
placed amal) K wr ied of the weediment on
copper ond test: it “with ‘acid, snd advised
her to keep tue sediment; the tumbler and
sodiment were not out of her sight until delivered for
analysis. James Macaroy, accountant in the banking
housé of Alex. Brown Co., who assisted in attendiog
Van Ness during his illuees at Mrs. Wharton's, testified
that he was at her house several times during the day on:
Sunday, June 25, and again at 9 o'clock p. w., when he
saw Mre. Chubb and Gen. Ketchum sitting at the tea
table Mrs. Wharton came where witness was, und usked
him to Je a bottle of brandy from the next
room, which he did; she sald whe wanted to
moke a drink for Gen. Ketchum. The 1&xt room from
which the brandy wus brought was that occupied by
Van Ness; little after 13 o'clock, midnight, witness
was lying on a lounge sad heard some one coming down
stairs and unlocking a door; this person wus Gen.
Ketchum soon afterward Mrs. Wharton came fu the
room where witness was, and sald she was afraid the
General would die; she was going to give him some
biacdy and Kingor she got a bottle of brandy and went
up st shortly afterward Ketchum came in and went
up stairs without saying anything. Nothing further
was elicitod on cross-¢xamination. The Court then al
anneal

WHY JUDGE LEARNED WILL NOT VACATE THE
ORDER OF ARREST.
A report was circulated yesterday that Judge
Learned Intended to render a decision reducing the
amount of Mr. Counolly’s bail to a sum which he
would be enabled at once to secure, and thus be released
from confinement. On inquiry of Mr. Connolly’s coun
sel, this report was found to be untrue. No inthwation
that such a decision would be AYea had been received
although it is considered Jrova le that Judge Learned
will render a decision to effect to-day. motion
for nn reduction of bail was coupled with a
metion to vacate the order of arrest, on the ground that
the people had no right to sue, but the latter motion will
probably not be acted upon by Jagre Learned. The
reasons which Mr. Andrews gives for this belief is that a
decision in Mr. Connolly’s case would, if favorable, fore
stall an action which Gen. Barlow intends to bring
against the Erie Railroad, snd Judge Learned will, he
thinks, reserve his decision until the latter case bas re
ceived nature judicial considerati mn.
The Brooklyn Union, for Christian work, es
tablished at No. 631 Fulton-st.,is specially designed to fur
nish a place of resort for all whose means will not por
mit them to subscribe to uny ordinary literary institu
tion. No conditions of membership exis ex
eept cleanliness und orderly behavior. At
tached to the Union are reading-rooms,
savings bank, a band of hope, and sewisg and
reading classes. A laige R000 of the attendants
-are boys who are pr A y good influences without
unreasonable restrictions being placed upon thes. ae
Rev. Robert Nig Fo of Chicago will lecture next y
at the Blooklys oademy of Music on “Rebers Burns,’ for
the benefit of this Union. Mr, Collyel was asked to give
the lecture for his own benefit, or that of his ehuroh, but
declined, saying that so much had been done for both in
the East that he eould not accept anything more, but
would give the lecture with pleasure for uny of the local
charities of Brooklyn.
Be mn]
CoLumsiia, S. C,, Dec, 18.—1n the HKu-Kiunx
Court to-Gay, witness confessed that be Was o wei ber
of a Klan, which, he sald, was formod in 1868 “for self
defense and to prevent incendiarism. The lawn of York.
ville was threatened with destruction 4. {RTUCS,
and many gin-houses had already beem pod’ Ts
defense produced Yitheyses to show the urgent ueed
of an organization for defensive purposes,
Bl ai tt tt Hq y
JEFFERSONVILLE, Texas, Dec. 18. —Murphy
Loekbart’s buildings were burned thie a $5 The
folle 1] the sufferers; Mur) Fin
foo oon ar one Bo ors of the lire
Receiver Davia has h following statement of
A

CRIRED AND CABUALTIES—ST Se i.
0 at ard Teg SAL Lh, So md Reon,
I
os E02 0 Chevzane,, Waging, 08 TrnL
i pln Ma on Tong, Parish Eon
THE WHARTON TRIAL.
tl
TESTIMONY OF A BALTIMORY. DETECTH
CONNOLLY’S BAIL.
HELP THE UNION FOR CHRISTIAN WORK.
THE KU-KLUX TRIALS.
FIRE IN JEFFERSONVILLE. TEXIAR
CRIMES AND CABUALTIES—BY TELEGRAPH,
THE “GRATZES” AGAIN.
WHAT REFEREE LAWYERS MAKE OUT OF
THEIR PROFERKION.
FULL STATEMENT OF THE CASES OF NATHAN.
INGRAHAM, AND COLEMAN~—LARGE FOR
TUNES REALIZRD THROUGH FAVORITISM—AN
INFAMOUS STATE OF AFFAIRS.
The abuses of the Referee system which have
lately been attacked in THE TRIBUNE are well known t«
the legal profession and to such of the community as
have had the misfortane to be engaged in lMtigations in
this city but we regret to say few of them have actively
aided in the exposures we have made. Determined in
this, as in all other matters, to make no charges which
we cannot substantiate, THE TRIBUNE has after much
labor, compiled irrefutable proofs, directly from the
records, which will show to every one who Is
not willfully blind, that the Dbalf has not
been told of the evils sought to be remedied.
Every one scquainted with the care with which the
secrets of the Tammany Ring are guarded from the pul
lic eye, will geadily understand the difficulty experienced
by the reporter in the collection of the facts herein made
public. In consequence of this difficulty, much of the
tables which foliow are, as the reader will observe, esti
mates, based, however, on facts which fully justify the
conclusions reached. For instance, the records of the
Superior Court definitely show that during the years 1866
to 1871, to date, inclusive, the whole number of causes re
ferred by that court (in which there are no foreclosures,
and bus few partitions) was 1,116; this would make
yearly average of 186. The estimated number of causes
on the trial calendar of that eourt, yearly, is 1,600. This
calendar shows that from Jan. 1, 1865, to June, 1868, there
were placed thereon 4,270 causes; from October, 1868, to
December, 1870, 3,259 causes; and in 1870, 1,015 causes. If the
latter number be added to these figures for 1811, it will
be found that the estimate of 1,500 yearly is approxi
imately correct. This rule of proportion established by
the causes in the Superior Court may safely be applied to
the Supreme Court, although the proportion of referred
causes is unfloubtediy greater in tue latter than in the for
mer tribunal. Thus, if the Superior Court, with a yearly
calendar of 1,500, refers 188, the Supreme Court, with a
yearly calendar of 6,000, would refer yearly 744 causee,
mainly ordinary actions on contract and divorces, not tc
speak of numerous special proceedings, and exclusive of
foreclosures and partitions.
The following table will be interesting as showing the
computation from records in the office of the Register of
the City and County, showing the namber of conveyances
given by the referees of Justices Cardozo, Ingrabam,
and Barnard, respectively, and by other referees; and
showing the estimated number of referees in foreclosure
partition cases only, in the Supreme Court:
and
“1 e
Age nd ji 153
sg l32_ ES
s fz! pel
2 Ei fi
R2! 321 Er] f=
1865... Nove. 63 2 Not asevitd)
Feb, 1,
198%...) None. 2 7) 17!
1963... BH 6 6, 1%
1869... 42 20 13 10)
1970... 15 5 4b 146
1991 to, 41 6 28 143
a

Nov..
Totals! 19
221] 9 8] 199) 12:3
2255 mut
LET
§3ez 3%:
33% *i%
A ad £3
#5 Not sscert'd
I.
49 258
41 240
EY] 01
Fo] 264
The persons alluded to in the phrase all other
referees” number at least 100, aud inelude such gentle
men as Ben). D. Silliman, Gouvernear Tillotson, Philo
T. Ruggles, Stephen Calnvistitie, B. W. Bonney, Thomas
Lawrence, Heury Nicoll, H. W. Robinson, and Willam
Mitchell, who were appolated tn cases wherein consider
ation for the consent of the parties lo the referee wae en
Joroed on the Judge.
Of the 1,273 deeds given, thease 100 gentlemen made only
758, while Nathan, Iugrabam, and Coleman secnred an
aggregate of 616. It will thus be seen that the Ho of
(Gratz” is not an empty honor, but carries with it, like
other titles, u certain amount of profit,
It sometimes occurs that two or imore deeds are
given in one suit, but a careful examination of the va
rious conveyances mentioned fu. the above ‘sebedule,
shows that it would approximate, very closely to the
exact figures to state the whole number of foreclosure
aud partition cases ut fonr-fifths of the number of deeds
which ranret® them. Thnoa
Gratz Natoao gave...
19 1%
D. P. Ingro bam, jr., guve....
James H, Colewan gave... oo.
All otlier Jeferees gave.
2201 176
99
738
mr
which peprescat.
References,
whieh epresen
whicl represent...
which represent.... 606
ll whiok 4A 8 ava
Totals. osrrsnssnssnnnns 1373
101%
Taking, then, these figures as a basis, calculation will
demonstrate the number of actions ou contract and foe
divoroe which are yearly reforred to the referees of
Justices Cardozo, Barnard, and Ingraham, fn addition to
the foreclosure and partition suits shown above, This
calculation and its results are shown in the fellowing
table of the whole number of causes and re,
ferred to the Gretzes of Justices Cardozo,
and Burpard respectively, since Feb. 1, 1887, and the
probable umount of fees accruing to each of them there.
ra
Retimated
whele pum- Whole
ber of ae sumber
tions on Cov $0 each
tract referred Eetimated donag
by Supzeme numberto the
Court yearly, each yearly. pened.
JUPTICK CARDUBO'S GRATE,” NATHAN.
‘From 1268 to 1371, Dee. 1 iunclusive......5¢ 14 458
Foreclosures, partitions, ®€....0000000000 oo =u 138
Estimated 08a). ...0.vvvnivennensinne 613
JUSTICE INGRARAN'S GRAYS,” B. P. INGURANAN, jr.
From 1067 to 1871 inclusive. ..cooieirnnss dT 1% 650
Foreclosures, partitions, &s...ec0vv0viees os 178
JUSTICE BARNARD'S GRATZ,” JANRS B. COLEMAN.
From 1267 to 1871, Dea, inclusive. .....744 58 200
Foreelosares, partitions, &e...0c0000iunens oo
Estimated ROBB. 4 000sssvssoresbsstnss Ss E x9
pot
AVERAGE PROFITS OF REFERENCES,
Upon an examinstion of the records of final reports of
roferees in partition and foreclosure cases, on file in the
office of the Codety Clerk, it hae been found that the ref.
oree's fees in each case will average more than $500. This
avengpy far too small, will be treated, however, 88
correc Reporte and bills of costs on file In
that office in the cases stated in the following
schedules, which were taken entirely at random,
have beon examined and oonsidered foe the pur
Pose of arriving at a fair estimate of the Average tee,
at the Avera of $500 is not an E3aRperation, sul.
Joined array of figures, representing the cases and fees
“wt raferass will damonatrate bay a doubt.
Kind of action
Amount
Ne of or proseeding. 4
Colima et Haves. Forechosare. Grats X IIT
wrist Age Rubin on ie. atebingon. Partition... D.P. Tagnbandr. (entitle)
Brathan it 47 Taylor. pn im E Coma.
reas Porcslosure.James H. gues evee
Hatch gt. Penguit.......Pariition. DF
PL A oo Partition... i
mith ag. Sabetir.... Partition. Woy a.
Lehman agt. Vifoga. James Colon
Urummey agt Hagen. Bo Svante (onsale.
Hamers, un 36% Iya. AR
of fee.
60
i 00
130 60
190.80
“70
an
3200 41
3,969 0)
Total io eleven eases. oo civvesvavccrrens veseees $10.940 64
Aversge foe in each case. resesssasetsnItarites
PA emi aA Wd
91,049 15
No mention is here made of the case heretofore re
ported, wherein the late Benj. W. Bonney was «the ref
eree on title, and ought to have been, was pot. per
mitted to be referee to eell, preference oe Tot
the Court to its Grats,” whose fogs were Th
case is emitted because i seemed fairer (0 presdut in
Jani schedule only cases taken at random end withous
a0 n,
It may be safely sald that the fees charged on sale in
foreclosure cases are Toes than in trials of
actions on contract. In this ery Aged de
termined by the referee f, without the interven
tion of the vat and 305 40 be by, the successful
Bt won. _ Ge iby dials
he pleasure of a triumph, Dotiee de
cision and the bill of fess reach Stormo) Sofetner,
causing siternats emotions in the breast of pirson
se ted as the viotiin af the referee's
ne richest barvest of she’ refered, ver, is
goth from the actions xogwa tions of
‘real ecatate,” and in certain laterioodtory matters,
or those wherein questions of fact west Ron the Pplead
ings arise in he 6 ume of y or ig in other
sjecial proc whemin the sdjusts and al
ois oshiblie: the foLwwing veterans 8 pede,
oregoing
showing approxmmately to what extent tosefirence
ofl rv-drin Cnrdaso, Bamard, and b has
hithesto enriched Sheth FApeciite wrens Taking
the estimated agupogsts actions on oenjragt re
ferred to Neothsa. and Ingrahem, the amoust of
snd omit ae Samed ar. wih Jos 2
on ng
cantradiction he igiod Lyooby
To Grats Nathan W conser at FF lai
LJ id hd ia) oases, AREER T
1t nood oll be 4tated to be eredited b oll of
the bar, and by yméh as have yod
fn 1jjigation either as witnesses, J
If tBose Ieferces oo ane
ng, considering, ony rd
Shade Son 7 Ge Slee:
conduo
Pg vx ton) vo osm Mews a th le.
with ap exercise of ability never by
judiciary, to conduct two or more trials or redeggnces ut
as many different tables 88 wen may
par show bow Feferces
Fir Blasted an “wo iel ogriigh
betwesn Re apparent
Co from und
the amount ur in real 88 shown below, will,
Bo doubt, be ebeerved bat Agere remember
Jiu ihe vers of the _n whish Suse Seaton
ve enjoyed, ox phy R treet wpeu
fugs, and remuverative matiers. ah Mntusce