OUlnrcesttr Ostlp £pp
rrntisHEn f.vf.kt morxiwo
(KVNDAT EXCEPTED,)
t 98 per year, if paid Mtrictly In adrnnc*
Otherwise, 75 Cent* per Month.
Oe Spu,
RBTARI.IRHED JULY, 1778.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At SV per Annum.
«T l>. BALDWIN Ab CO., Proprietors.
NO. 411 MAIN STREET.
cMarcester Jailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
The city council will meet this evening.
The Dolby ballad singers arc coming to this
citv in a few weeks.
The republican city committee arc notified of
an important meeting to be held at headquar
ters, 442 Main street, this evening.
Bartly McGinnis expressed his liking for John
Flannigan, by biting a piece out of his chin, the
other day.
To-night the Villa and Miner comic opera and
corned}' troupe open their three nights engage
ment at Music hall.
Boy wanted to carry morning papers on the
Lincoln street route. Apply at the Spy count
ing room.
The programme (or the State Guard levee and
reunion, next Friday, is published this morning
among the new advertisements
It is understood that Sheriff Sprague has ap
pointed Charles N. Hair, one of his deputies, as
jailor, to succeed Rufus Carter.
The ladies of Trinity church propose to hold a
fair and festival December 14th. Wreaths,
crosses and gitts desirable lor Christinas, will be
found in abundance.
Morlacchi, the wonderful Majiltons and the
Boston theatre company wilt present the drama
ot the French Spy in Music hall Thursday even
ing, the same as they have played it in Boston.
School session rc-commenccs at the Oread
institute this Mondav morning; at the Oread
grammar school to-morrow (Tuesday) morn
ing.
The street cars arc again enabled to run up
Lincoln street to the northern end of their track.
The sewer works at Lincoln square cut them off
for a few weeks.
A fine stereoptican entertainment will be
given to-night and to morrow night at Grace M.
E Church, by Dr. Moore of New York. Among
the views will be some of and Pompei.
1 he house should be well filled.
Maj. Bumam Wardwell, late of Virginia, will
deliver a lecture at Temperance Hall on Foster
street, this evening at 71 o’clocK. Subject:
Twenty years’ residence in a slave state.
The dramatic entertainment recently given in
the vestry of the Universalist church will be re
peated Wednesday evening by special request.
Woodcock’s Little Game and Bob Nettles were
the plays.
The next musical soiree will be given at Le
land’s music rooms, Thursday evening, by Miss
Alice Dutton, the accomplished pianist. She
wiP be assisted through a choice programme by
Mr. F. C. Packard, a Boston tenor, and Mr. G.
W. Sumner, of this city, pianist.
Rtv. Charles G. Ames’ lecture in the Lyceum
course to-night, will be both entertaining and
’instructive. The Lyceum is giving our citizens
the greatest treat this winter that has ever been
(Offered here, and the committee promise that
the lecture to-night shall maintain the standard
.of the course.
Municipal Court. —Stephen Laughlin, be
lure Judge Williams Saturday charged with
’threatening, was ordered to recognize in bonds
of SIOO to keep the peace six months. The case
of Peter O’Toole, charged with drunkenness,
was continued.
Inquest. —The testimony before Coroner J.
'Marcus Rice, in regard to the cause of Rev.
Michael J. S. Burke’s death, closed .Saturday
[forenoon. A brakeman on the train from
vhich be jumped testified that he saw him
strike the ground and roll over, but did not see
Hiim g d up, and thought at the time that he was
stunned. The jury deliberated about three
jhours before a verdict was arrived at. The em
iloycs in charge of the train were blamed in the
verdict for not stopping it at the time.
For Chicago and the Northwest.— The
following additional susciiptions have been rc
kived at the office of Rice, Whiting Bullock,
n aid of Chicago and the northwest:
‘Frs. Wright Bottomlv 920 no
Citizens of Grafton for northwest 453 35
'Nelson Rice, Shrewsbury 200 no
Anployees of Nelson Rice 67 00
lislrict No. 1, Shrewsbury C 4 00
41 75
H 00
4, 5 00
11 00
6, IS 50
884 60
Amount previously reported 44,719 67
Total 45,604 27
Chas. B. Whiting. Treasurer
December 2d, 1871.
Death of a Convict —Win. H. Davis, who
hied in the state prison, Fiiday, was sentenced
n 1867 to imprisonment for life for burglary
Committed in West Boylston, the circumstances
of which are probably fresh in the minds of
inany in this city. Davis—who was a private
joachman—in company with a cousin named
pee—a stone cutter—waylaid W. P. Waite and
nearly killed him, leaving him while they went
o his store and took his money. Waite recover
’d from his injuries, and regained the greater
portion ot his money alter Davis had been in
Bison a number of months. He said that the
noney was buried near the engine house ot the
'Providence railroad, and offered to point out the
!xact spot if he could be allowed to come to
[Worcester, but no heed was paid by the author!*
t ies to bis statements. Waite, however, had
aith in the confession, and secured a photo
graph of the land in the vicinity of the engine
louse and took it to the prison, where Davis
yoked it over and pointed out the place where
he money was buried and afterwards found by
nigging. He wasjtwentv-fbe years of age, and
s the convict of whom it was said awhile ago
hat during bis three years of confinement not
ksoul had ever called to sec him. Pulmonary
consumption was the disease which released
lim.
COUNTY NEWS.
Douglas has its little auk. A schoolboy
?anght him.
Westminster contributed about SI3OO in aid
if the sufferers bv the western fires.
George K. Ray, of Westminster, has captured
sixteen coons this season, the biggest of which
Weighed twenty-six and a half pounds.
A Clinton incendiary set fire to the village in
hree places last week, but missed his intention
i ach time.
The boys at the Westboro reform school were
seated to a concert after they had finished their
ui key.
The Douglas schools will not begin at the ap
pointed time in consequence of the prevalence
»f scarlet fever.
Tosaint Beauchemain, a Frenchman employed
by the Manchaug company in Douglas, had his
icg broken Wednesday, while assisting in un
oadmg a bale of cotton.
Rev. S. C. Kendall of Milford, formerly of
Vebstcr, has resigned the pastorate of the
Congregational church,.on account of failing
icalth.
Rev. Joseph Barber, who has been the minis
crof the Baptist society in Bolton for several
ears, has accepted a call from the society in
West Bridgewater.
The people of Spencer are moving for a
branch railroad from the centre of their town
o the depot on the Boston and Worcester
ailroad.
Henry B. Dyer fell from the roof of a build
ng in the yard of the Vermont and Massnchu
etts railroad, in Fitchburg, last week, a dis
ance of about twenty feet. He struck upon his
nick across a box, and received severe internal
njuries.
For the benefit of whoever may be looking for
he first example, we will state that a young
nan in Gardner fell through the ice while
katingon Thanksgiving day. It is not a very
Zprcssive example, however, for the fellow
Ain't drown.
cAnthbridgc is out of debt, and has funds
sigh in its treasury to pay all expenses until
lax for 1872 is collected. And during the
usix years Northbridge has expended nearly
®lovccstcv Ihihi Spn.
VOI.. 26, NO. 286.
¥30,000 (or new school houses and the improve
ment of old ones.
Capt. Fordyce May and Ist Lieut. Charles A.
Tenney, of Co. 1, 10th regiment, in Sterling,
have sent in their resignations, and they arc this
week reported as accepted, by the adjutant gen
eral.
The annual report of the state industrial
school for girls at Lancaster, states that during
ten years from 1861, 543 girls have been in the
institution, of whom 143 renia’H. Out of the
other 420, twenty have died, fifty are living im
morally, while 260 maintain themselves honest
ly and reputably.
The Gardner News published a paper Thurs
day from conscientious scruples, and says of the
other weeklies:—“Every publisher of a local
weekly newspaper who suspends publication,
Thanksgiving week, makes a clean profit of
from fifty io seventy dollars by the operation.”
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE WORCKSTIZU BAHT IFF
From Washington.
(SPECIAL DISPATCH TO THE WORCESTER BPY.|
ARRIVAL*.
Washington, D. C., Dec. 3.—The members
of congress have arrived in such large numbers
that there will be more than a quorum to-mor
row.
THE PRESIDENT’S MESSAGE.
A prominent western senator who has read
the president’s message says it will be one of
the most popular state papers ever sent to con
gress. It will recommend civil service and reve
nue reform, and, in place of amnesty, will ask
that the kuklux enforcement bill, which expires
the first of July next, be extended for another
year.
About one week since a paragraph had been
prepared recommending the recognition of bel
ligerent lights to the Cuban revolutionists, but
representations made through the Spanish min
ister, on behalf of his government, have induced
a modification of this portion of the message,and
it will now simply call the attention of congress
to the state of affairs in Cuba, and ask that the
proper committee give it the consideration its
importance demands.
a remedy needed.
The sub-committee which investigated Georgia
and Texas report that one curious feature was
discovered in the operation of the reconstruc
tion laws in those states. Under the cautionary
provision to secure negroes from being intimi
dated at elections, polls for counties were only
to be established at county seats, where all votes
were to be received.
It is claimed that,*under the most favor
able circumstances, but one vote can be re
ceived per minute, or at the rate of 720 for each
twelve hours, so that, where the time for hold
ing elections is not extended, a large majority
of the voters are excluded from casting their
ballots. It is proposed to call the attention of
congress to this anomaly, when the report of
the southern committee is finally submitted.
PROGRAMME OF THE SOUTHERN DEMOCRATS.
The southern democrats propose to open war
on the administration as soon as congress comes
together. Mr. Beck, of Ky., will ask that the
rules be suspended to-morrow, in order to intro
duce a resolution inquiring of the president un
der what provision of the enforcement bill he
caused a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
in South Carolina, and also calling for informa
tion as to what acts of insubordination, interfer
ences with processes of courts, or other offences
enumerated in the kuklux law passed last
spring, have been committed three months prior
to issuing the proclamation under the same.
This information will be called for in anticipa
tion of a minority report, which the democratic
members of the southern investigating commit
tee propose making, and also to show that the
president has acted without the authority of
law in suspending the writ of habeas corpus in
South Carolina.
MR. BLAINE AND TUB COMMITTEES.
Speaker Blaine has been overrun at his resi
dence all day by members, who were desirous
of learning to what positions they had been as
signed on various committees. The chairman
ship of the ways and means committee, being
the most important, has received the greatest
share of attention. Some time ago it was gen
erally conceded that this position would be
given to Mr. Garfield of Ohio, but general ru
mor to-day has conferred it upon Mr. Dawes,
and the latter himself, while protesting against
such assignment, fears that the use of his name
in this connection has too much truth in it, the
speaker being wholly reticent upon this subject.
Rumor has given Mr. Kelley the committee, on
appropriations, General Butler that on military
affairs, and Mr. Shcllabargcr the committee on
claims, the latter being considered of the firs’,
importance in view of the vast amount of south
ern claims soon to be reported by the commis
sion which has been in session examining the
same all summer. Mr. Garfield exper ts to be
retained as chairman of the banking and cur.
rency committee, in which event Mr. Lynch
hopes io get the committee on commerce. Mr.
Kelley said to-night that he would, on no ac
count, accept the committee on appropriations,
it being a committee which he knows nothing
about, and, beside, he desires to remain on the
ways and means committee, where he can be of
some service to Ins state. Kelon.
[To the Associated Press.)
FINANCIAL.
Washington, I). C., Doc. B.—The following
statement was issued yesterday:
Receipts of fractional currency for the
week 56T>5,500
Shipments 273,600
Shipments of notes 789.896
The treasurer holds in trust as securi-
ty for na ional bank circulation 368,605,700
And for public deposits 15.229,000
Internal revenue receipts to-day 395.557
National bank circulation at this date 326,004,50 g
AX UNFOUNDED REPORT.
The report that dissatisfaction exists among
the counsel, who are to represent the United
States at the ueueral conference, with the state
ment us the case prepared by Bancroft Davis, is
unfounded.
CONGRESS.
There seems to be no doubt of a quorum iu
each house of congress to-morrow. The presi
dent’s message is expected to be sent in about
one o’clock, and it and the treasury report will
be telegraphed to the distant press. All the
other department reports were mailed in ad
vance of delivery.
THE COMMITTEES.
It is undeistood that Speaker Blaine has
brought a list of the standing committees here
hilly made up, and has not consented to enter
tain the quesiion of changing any important
assignment. All assertions as to particular ap
pointmcnts are mere speculative guessings.
I he. list is expected to be announced to
morrow.
CUBA.
It is ascertained from an official source that
no correspondence whatever has passed between
Minister Roberts and Secretary Fish relative to
recent events at Havana, the only conimunica
tion received from Mr. Roberts during the past
week being some documents to he submitted to
the American and Spanish claims commission,
nor have any official advices been received from
Havana since he telegram from our consul •’•en
eral, who, during the excitement consequent on
the alleged desecration oi Castanon's tomb ad
vised our government that there were Icars of a
general massacre, and hence the importance of
a United Slates fleer there to protect American
citizens and interests. It is already known that
there was a prompt reply to his suggestion.
The force on North Atlantic stations consists of
the Severn, Swartara, Nantasket, Nipsic, Kan
sas, Pawnee and Terror, with the Worcester
and Cananidasua just fitted out for a theistation,
and the Shawmut now on duty there, but ulti
mately destined for the South Atlantic—in all,
ten ships, mounting seventy guns.
MILITARY.
The secretary of war’s report, the main facts
relative to which were printed two weeks ago
from the bureau report, shows that the army bn
July Ist had been reduced to 30,0n0 men; ex
penditures of the year about $40,000,000, inclu
ding nearly four millions for river and harbor
improvements. The estimate for military pur
poses for Hie fiscal year ending June 80,1878,
is $82,415,472. The treasury hns realized thus
far, the present fiscal year, $21,766,408, from the
sale of urnis and other sources. An estimate
ol three millions is made for the settlement of
claims yet due to states tor calling troops into
the service. The secretary says it is with great
embarrassment that the appropriations made at
the last session cun be so economical as
to answer the pressing requirements of
the service. He recommends that ex
tra lieutenants authorized to serve ns
regimental quartermiiders be discontinued, as
vacancies occur in those grades effecting the
ultimate reduction of eighty lieutenants; that
the grade of quartet muster sergeant be abolish
ed; also those of company artificer and wagon
er, which stive 1163 enlisted men to the service,
at a yearly cost of 5412,746.
The proceeds of sales of clothing since June
30th, 1870, to date is 51,875,728. The cost of
transportation for the year was about a million
and a hall. Southern railroads Still owe the de*
partment 54,724,350. The secretary alludes to
the existence of an armed rebellion of a regular
organization and great strength in parts of the
southern states, and the necessity of the use of
the armed force of the nation to put it down ami
bring the leaders to speedy justice. General
Belknap closes with a renewed recommendation
for a fire-proof building for the war department,
and the expression of the hope that reform will
be effected In all departments of the govern
ment by the labors of the civil service commis
sion.
THE BRITISH CLAIMS COMMISSION;
Only about twenty claims have yet been pre*
sented to the United Ntrttcsaml Britishcoinmis
sLn. At a meeting Wednesday, important
questions will be considered, as various claims
of British subjects heretofore adjudicated in the
supreme court and court of claims may now be
presented. A rule will be established concern
ing them.
To Be Disposed of.
A large number of old cases, principally of
railroad corporations, pending in the internal
revenue office for some months, will soon he
disposed of.
COIN CERTIFICATES.
'lhe total huniber (if coin certificates rc
dcctilcd since the first issue, $479,660,600.
THE TREASURER’S DEPARTMENT.
The total amount outstanding on the thirtieth
of June was nearly twenty millions* Ihe sec
retary of the treasury has authorized the assist
ant treasurer at New York to buv one million
bonds every Wednesday, and Mell a million of
gold every Thursday dm ing December.
THE NAVAL DEPARTMENT.
she navy estimates for the fiscal vear ending
June 30, 1873, will amount to about $20,000,000,
over $1,200,000 less than lor the current year,
and over $500,000 less than the appropriations
made by congress. The secretary recommends
that the grade of commodore be dispensed with,
and, alter this grade has lapsed by death, re
tirement or promotion of the present incum
bent, promotions shall be made to the grade of
rear admiral, as vacancies occur, from the list
of captains, and that a further decrease be made
in the officers by increasing cadetship terms
from four to six years.
FROM EUROPE.
Rpaitt.
EXCITEMENT AT THE CAPITAL.
Madrid, Dec. 8. -It is rumored that Great
Britain and the United States threaten immedi
ate intervention in Cuban affairs. The cabinet
held a protracted session, and the kimr was in
consult ition with ministers up to a late hour.
Questions of the greatest importance, grow
ing out of the recent executions in Havana and
the general condition of Cuba, were under con
sideration. It is reporte 1 that the minister of
foreign affairs was advised that the govern
ments of the United States juid Great Britain
had telegraphde their icpresentatives at Madrid
that they should feel compelled to intervene in
the affairs of Cuba in the interests of humanity,
since the efforts of the Spanish authorities to
restore order have proved fruitless. The reports
cannot yet be authenticated, as the officials in
the foreign department refuse to give any infor
mation on the subject, but it is certain that a
crisis has arisen in connection with affairs in
Cuba, and that the meeting yesterday was sum
moned to consider ir.
It is known that the king was present and
presided. He showed deep concern for the con
dition of the Cubans, and expressed a desire to
proceed to Havana himself, and there direct
measures for the pacification of the island. The
offer of rhe king and the generous warmth with
which it was uttered, made a profound impres
sion on all present. This portion only of the
proceedings has been given to the public.
What the result ol the council was or what
action it took, is yet unknown, I in the general
belief is that it decided to convoke the cortes in
extraordinary session, to authorize measures
for crushing the insurrection. The excitement
over the various rumors is very great, and there
are warm expressions of sympathy for Hie gov
ernment. Scnors Sagasta, Topete and other
members of the previous cabinets offered their
support to the existing ministry.
<«rrat Britain.
THE PRINCE OF WALES* CONDITION HOPEFUL.
London, Dec. 3—A bulletin has just been
issued Irom Sandringham which announces that
the prince of Wales has passed a quiei dav, and
that ins condition is regarded as much less pre
carious. It is also stated that Blogg, the
groom, who has been reported as dead, is still
living. I’hc probability of the prince’s ultimate
recovery has created a sensation not altogether
complimentary to him, the public mind seem
ingly having taken it (ar granted that he must
die.
Later.— There is no unfavorable change in the
condition of the prince of Wales, though as yet
there is no noticeable abatement in the fever.
Italy.
CONGRESS OF TELEGRAPH MEN.
Rome, Dec. 3.—The congress of representa
tives of the European telegraph companies as
sembled here Friday. Signor d’Amico, director
general of telegraphs for the Italian government,
was elected president.
Irein nd.
AGRARIAN OUTRAGES.
Dublin, Dec. 2.—Agrarian outrages arc re
ported in Donegal. The country policemen are
actively searching for the perpetrators.
Asia.
TERRIBLE EXPLOSION.
Calcutta, Dec. 3.—A terrible explosion has
occurred in the powder and cartridge factory ot
the fort of Agra, flic men were at woik at
the time ol the disaster, and few escaped.
Thirty-six were killed, among them two cum
missioned officer.
Criminal Record.
THE LYNCHING OF THE MURDERERS OF THE
PARK FAMILY.
Louisville, Dec. 3.—Judge Dunham de
livered a long charge to the grand jury, now in
session in Clark county, Ind., where the recent
Park tragedy and subsequent lynching of the
supposed murderers occurred. lie ridiculedt he
idea that a negro’s confession, under terror
was of any value. He charged the jurv not
only to make a thorough investigation of the
murder, but of the lynching, and to bring the
guilty parties to justice.
ENCOUNTER BETWEEN A JUDGE AND AN
EDITOR.
San Francisco, Dec. 3 —Ou Friday after
noon an altercation took place in Montgomery
street between Judge Lake of the municipal
court and Charles D. E. Young of the Chron
icle, resulting in an affray in which Young re
ceived a contused scalp wound. Judge E. D.
Wheeler, while passing, received a bullet in the
fleshy part of his thigh. Lake was immediately
arrested. He says lie saw Young drawing a
pistol and he drew his own, giving Young a
blow on the head with the butt, when one of
the chambers discharged, hitting Wheeler.
Lake gave bail in SIOOO. Young’s wound is not
serious.
AN AGED MURDERER.
Greensboro, N. C., Dec. 3.—Giliver, who
was to be hung Friday, was again respited for
two weeks. It is believed that his sentence
will be commuted to imprisonment for life, he
being over seventy years of age.
LOS ANGELES.
San Francisco, Dec. 3.—The Los Angeles
grand jury has found thirty-five indictments for
the Chinese massacre, and severely censured the
municipal authorities.
THE GREAT BREACH OF PROMISE CASE.
San Francisco, Dee. 3.—The great breach
of promise and seduction suit for $200,000,
brought by Miss Turner against Signor Ortez, a
Mexican banker, reached a judgment. yesterday,
by which the plaintiff was allowed only $7500.
KUKLUX TRIALS.
Ch arleston, Dec. 3.—ln the kuklux trials at
Columbia, Saturday, the grand and petit jnncs
were organized, the former consisting of eight
whites and thirteen colored and the latter of
twenty whites and thirty-two colored. Several
indictments under the kuklux law were pre
sented and the prosecution was read.v to pro
ceed with the trial. The defence asked a post
ponement until Monday which was granted.
BINCKLEY HEARD FROM.
Baltimore, Dec. 3.—The case of John M.
Binckley, formerly solicitor of internal revenue,
against Edward A. Rollins, ex-commissioner of
internal revenue, to recover $59,000 damages
for causing the former’s removal, was given to
the jury Saturday afternoon, with instructions
to bring in a sealed verdict Monday.
Political.
CALIFORNIA— PROSPECT OF]a LIVELY CONTEST.
San Francisco, Dec. B.—The senatorial con
test at Sacramento this week is likelv to be very
lively. 'lhe prominent aspirants are: Sargent,
Cole, Egerton, Estce and Phelps, the chances
being about in the order named.
New England Dl.pauhe..
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Dec. 8 —Ebenezer Dale, of the firm
of Dale Bros. Co., died suddenly this after
noon, at his residence on Beacon street
Springfield, Dee. 8.-E. A. Johnson, ticket
agent oi the Connecticut River railroad at
Northampton, had one foot cut off bv a train at
that place, yesterday, and died after suffering
amputation.
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, DECEMBER I, 1871.
Our New York Dispatches.
The Imprisonment of Connolly—Will
Tweed go io Jail?— Other I (chin conrcrii
inu the Ring Picture of Farragut pre
sented to Alexis—Ntntcmcnt of a Mnn
who ha« been to Cuba, etc.
New York, Dec. B.—Rumor had it yesterday,
once more, that Tweed had completed his ar
rangements for a change in his residence and
pursuits, and that on and after Monday he will
never be seen in New York city again. There
is no doubt that some of the men who know Mr.
Tweed best, and have hitherto scouted the no
tion that he would attempt to escape, now begin
to expect him to ffee from the country very
soon.
The furniture of the Americus Club house at
Greenwich has been seized by the sheriff to sat
isfy an execution in favor of a South Norwich
firm of builders.
It is currently reported that the grand Jury
has found indictments against Win. M. Tweed,
Garvey, Woodward and Thomas C.
T i.l.
Sheriff Urciinan says that all rumor.* of the
approaching arrest .arid imprisonment of Tweed
are nhluundeq. Every Uoiichntan. he added,
wiio lias signed his name to 'lie lift!! G re
sponsible for the whole amount, and as several
of the bondsmen are worth much more than a
million of dollars; the sheriff feeD no anxiety
hl tile Matter. his true that none of the bonds
men have as yet justified in COiift, mH Mfi
Brennan is convinced of their entire responsi
bility. He says that the case of Mr. Tweed and
that of Mr. Connolly are altogether different,
and denies that he is showing the former any
undue fiWor in allowing him to remain at
liberty.
Ex Controller Connolly unqualifiedly do
nies the truth of the report printed Iri a ttionv
ing journal to the effect that lie had made a
confession; When visited yesterday in Ludlow
street jail Mr. Connolly was found in comforta
ble if not luxurious quarters on the main floor,
the apartments being those occupied by the
family of Warden Tracy. The floor was
handsomely carpeted, and in one corner stood a
black walnut bedstead, which looked inviting
enough to be in a Fifth avenue mansion instead
of a jail. Around the room easy table
ami a sofa were disposed, While fl cheerful fire
burned in the grate. Mr. Connolly was smoking,
and appeared to be in excellent spirits. He
said, in answer to questions, that there was no
ground whatever for the pi inted story of a con
fession, and he was, moreover, at a loss to ac
count for its origin. The efforts to secure bail
which will be acceptable to Sheriff Brennan are
continued to-day, and the friends of the ex-con*
troller feel confident that the required amount
will be seemed by Monday. In the meantime
Mr. Connolly enjoys the best quarters and fare
of the prison, subject, however, to the constant
surveilance of one of Sheriff Brennan’s depu
ties.
It is confidently reported in Well-Informed cir
cles that an agreement has been reached by the
officers concerned, that Tweed will resign his
place as commissioner of public works, and that
Mr. Samuel G. Courtney, late United States dis
trict attorney, shall be appointed in his place.
There is reason to believe that there is some
thing in this rumor, and that it is connected in
some way with a plan to obtain the speedy resig
nation of Mayor Hall. In that ease the ap
pointing power falls into the hands of the con
troller, Mr. Green.
Ex-Distr’.ct Attorney Courtney denies that he
is to be Tweed s successor.
Four hundred employes in the park depart
ment were discharged yesterday.
Controller Green is paying off the city work
men as fast as funds arc provided.
Sheriff Gowing is doubtful ot extending favors
to Tweed any longer, and the probability is that
he will soon insist on taking Tweed in charge.
His bondsmen have never justified and probably
never will. Jay Gould withdrew for fear of the
strict examination to which he was to be sub
jected by the attorney for the bureau of munic
ipal correction. Three other bondsmen are
said to be unwilling to undergo this examina
tion, and have signified their intention to with
draw from the bond. Hugh Hastings, of the
Commercial Advertiser, is declared to be one ol
these. This report was circulated a fortnight
ago, but Hastings emphatically denies it. It is
again revived on the authority ol the same per
son who gave the information of the withdrawal
of Jay Gould. It is reported that Tweed is much
alarmed and depressed since Connolly’s impris
onment. Many persons feel sure that lie will be
arrested and committed this week if he remains
here.
At a meeting of free-thinkers and infidels, last
night, a resolution was passed to establish
agencies throughout the country for the circula
tion of tracts, to provide for lectures and for the
equipment of missionaries to propagate free
thinking ideas.
Fifty thousand dollars were yesterday placed
to the credit of the department ot parks.
It is understood that there will be no radical
changes at the custom house by the new col
lector, Gen. Arthur.
In an interview yesterday the Catholic priest
at Hunter’s Point said he was opposed to the
reading of the Bible in the public schools, but
desired to have it procured by legal measures.
He admitted having counseled his congregation
last Sabbath to use all lawful means to prevent
the Bible being read, but did not counsel vio
lence.
The wholesale markets during the past week
have been tolerably active at rather low quota
tions. Flour has been active and lower, closing
firm. Wheat has also been in good demand at
irregular rates,prices declining at thcclose. Corn
lias been active and higher. Pork has sold
freely at higher quotations, the market closing
firm. Sugars have been dull. Cotton has been
quiet.
The picture presented to the czar through his
son, represented Farragut clinging to the shrouds
of his flagship at Mobile. Alexis requested that
this position might be explained, which was oc
cordingly done, greatly to his gratification. The
painting cost $20,000, and when it is sent to
Russia it will be accompanied by an ebony box
studded with silver nails—one for each state in
the Inion—containing an address to the czar.
The banquet given to Alexis by the New York
yacht dub last night, at Delmonico’s, was a
magnificent affair. The room was splendidly
decorated by flags and flowers. The duke, in
response to a toast, thanked the company for
the honor conferred. He highly complimented
the chib as being the first among nautical or
organizations of the world.
An order of arrest has been granted by a
Brooklyn judge against Mr. Bennett of the Her
ald, at the suit ol Andrew Smith, one of the
jurors in the late Westfield case. The Herald
having hinted that the three jurors who favored
the defendants must have been suborned, the
artion ensued.
The Brooklyn committee of fifty propose the
establishment of a morning journal devoted to
city reform.
Mr. Revos, resident of Flushing, who arrived
here yesterday from Havana, states that he
went to Cuba on business. While there he was
arrested by Spanish agents and was given three
days to quit the island on pain of death. He
showed papers proving himself an American
citizen, and appealed to the American consul for
protection, but the latter advised him to leave
as soon as possible, lie departed by the next
steamer without transacting his business.
Henry E. Beckel, in a quarrel with Baker, a
conductor, was thrown from a street car and
had his leg crushed by another car coming in
the opposite direction. Both conductors were
arrested.
Matilda Heron, in a guard, 'pronounces false
the report of the scene at De Bar’s Opera house,
St. Louis, on the2oth ult.
There was light snow to-day, followed by
rain.
Three carrier pigeons lately flew from
schooner George W. Chase, from points off Hat
teras, 500 miles; off Key West, 1000 miles; and
another point, 1600 miles distant to Whippanv,
New Jersey, each making speed about two
hundred miles per hour.
Alexis attended divine service at the Greek
chapel. He left this evening for Philadelphia.
Two justices of the supreme court will to-dny
call upon the president.
The South Carolina legislature is inaugurating
measures of retrenchment and reform in finances.
The clamor for repudiation has subsided, its im
practicability being generally conceded.
Thomas Davis, Protestant Episcopal bishop
of South Carolina, died suddenly at Camden on
Saturday. He had been partially incapacitated
from the performance ol his duties for many
years past.
The Philadelphia health report shows 283
deaths from small-pox last week, an increase of
eighty over the week before; the number of new
cases was 300 less.
The Weather.
Washington, Dee. 3.—Northeasterly winds,
with rain and snow, have very generally pre
vailed to-day from Alabama to New Jersey; rain
to-night in Illinois and Indiana, and snow from
Illinois to Minnesota. The lowest barometer
will probably extend, by Monday noon, east
ward over New York, with south and southeast
wind from Pennsylvania to Maine, ami rain or
snow for the coast. Cloudy weather with rain
will continue to-night froni the lower lakes to
the Ohio valley and the middle Atlantic coast.
Pleasant weather will continue on the immedi
ate gulf coast on Monday. A rising barometer,
with brisk northwest winds, will prevail bv
Munday morning from Lake Huron to Arkansas
and westward.
THE COLD SNAP.
Advices from below Quebec report that the
river is choked with ice, and great damage to
the shipping. Many vessels have been aban
doned and the crews rescued in a frozen condi
tion.
The snow in the valley of the Republican is
two feet deep. A large number of people have
been frozen. One partv found seven men
frozen to death. The Union Pacific express
trains, due nt Omaha mi the Ist and 2d inst.,
came in on the Bd. No express train from the
west arrived, and none was sent west yesterday.
Navigation on the Hudson is closed as far
south as Tivoli, and the ferry boat at that point
has ceased running. Numerous boats. steamers
and barges, all heavily laden, are frozen in be
tween Albany and Tivoli.
Fire Record.
AT CENTERVILLE, MO.,—LOSS NOT STATED.
St. Louis, Mo Dec. B.—The court house at
Centerville, Reynolds county, Mo. was burned
on the night of the 24th ult. All the county
records, tax books, &c., were destroyed.
AT B(>STo8-'L<»BS $20,000.
Boston, Dec. B.—A fire this morning broke
out in the fifth story from of the Warwick
bouse, Washington street, IL N. Start, proprie
tor, owned by C. A. Richards. Damage by fire
and water to furniture, about $12,000, and to
the house *8000; insured in the Lyconia of
Pennsylvania and Fireman’s of New York,
52500 each; balance in eastern offices.
AT NEW YORK—I.OBB $16,500.
New YoRK, Pec. 3.—A fire at No. 86 Nassau
street, last night, occupied as lawyers’ offices,
fahsed a loss of $15,000. There was a slight
fire id so in the Times building; quickly extin
guished. Damage *ISOO.
at peabody, mass., —toss S7OOO.
Salem, Dec. 3.—At five o’clock yesterday af
tertioun George Upton’s house, in Peabody .took
fire, probably from the ftlrtnu'e. and was nearly
destroyed. Tire loss is between 5*7000 and
$8(100.'
AT iwiiwnack, n. y.,—loss 526,000.
New York, (fee, 3. Th® rope factory of
Henry Lawrence Sons, in Hushwhae b was
damaged, Saturday morning, to the amouiit «*f
$20,000; fully insured.
AT P< HITLAND— LOSS $2500.
Portland, Dec. B.—A tire to-night, on Com
mercial street, burned a wooden building occu
tfiert fl" fl salUoff aild pnhtt shop loss *2500}
incendiary; insured for SIBOO.
AT YARMOUTH, ME.,—LOSS NOT STATED.
Yarmouth, Dec. 3.—The Yarmouth mills,
office, outbuildings, &c., were destroyed by fire
this uioriting. There being no fire engine, the
flames could not he, attested* Partially in
sured.
Abbreviated Iki-patches.
Further arrests of persons concerned in the
NeW York election lraud« look place Saturday.
Tweed allowed hiS ifote for 520,M0 to go to
protest last Wednesday. Heis to bo sited sot
the amount.
The colored people of New York city very gen
erally observed the anniversary of Jolin Brown’s
death, K.ituiday evening.
It is ruffiored that Mayor Hall and Tweed have
commenced a suit against the committee ot sev
enty for conspiracy, and that prominent mem
bers of that body will shortly be arrested.
There is a report in railroad circles that a con
solidation of the Missouri and Pacific and the
Atlantic and Pacific inilroads will soon be made.
A common kitchen boiler in a dwelling house
in Paterson, N. J., exploded Thursday night,
demolishing the kitchen and basement and par
tially blowing out the walls of one side of the
house. No lives were lost.
Reliable advices from Alabama show a de
cided republican gain at the recent county elec
tions, which show that the vote at the next
presidential election will be given to General
Grant.
On Saturday General Dix presented to the
grand duke the picture of the late Admiral Far
ragut, to be presented by him to his father, the
emperor of Russia.
Some eighty attaches of the Brooklyn water
board, said to be mainly water inspectors and
secretaries of ward associations, have been dis
charged, their positions having been discovered
to be sinecures.
The New York Times defends Mr. Murphy
from the Tribune’s charges, and says that Sec
retary Stanton released Mr. Murphy from the
blanket contract owing to congress raising the
duty on wool.
It is stated that if one-third of the claims
already filed with the mixed claims commission
are allowed, they will more than balance all the
claims aiising out of the depredations of the
Alabama,Florida and other vessels.
The Sun has authority for stating that Ham
ilton Fish has notified the Spanish minister at
Washington that any attempt by Spanish men
of-war to seize the steamer Florida outside of
Cuban waters will he followed by immediate
declaration of war against Spain.
Admiral Poissct has received orders to pro
ceed at once to China. The duke will therefore
go to Philadelphia and Boston, and afterward
make a flying trip to Chicago, St. Louis and
New Orleans. At the latter place he will join
the fleet and proceed to the far east.
It is rumored that the proposed conference of
the New Y’ork committee of seventy with the
Brooklyn committee of fifty will canvass the
subject of proposing to the next legislature the
consolidation of the government of the two cities
under one municipal head.
Alexis enjoyed the West Point trip, and on the
return he danced the “Virginia Reel” on the
steamer Mary Powell,with Admiral Poissct, Gen.
McDowell, Admiral (..onion, Prof. Morse, Mr.
Bergh, Henry Clews, Gen. Shaler, Wm. 11.
Aspinwall, Gen. Lloyd Aspinwall and others.
The republican members who have arrived in
Washington arc in excellent spiiits over the
political situation, and all seem to entertain no
doubt as to the result of rhe presidential contest
next year. They come back to the capital with
a desire to push through legislation as fast as its
importance will justify, and this general talk
seems to favor a business session, not one given
to mere speech making.
Southern claimants for war damages whose
claims have been allowed by the commission,
which has been in session during the past seven
months, are somewhat fearful that congress may
not appropriate the ten or fifteen millions neces
sary to pay them. The first installment of six
hundred claims, to pay which nearly half a mil
lion dollars will be asked for, will lead to ani
mated debates.
A Scranton special states that the late low
price coal realized at auction in New Yorkfeity
causes considerable excitement, and if lower
prices obtain at the December sale there will un
doubtedly be a strike in January among the
miners. The samespecial states that the Auden
ried shaft, near Wilkesbarre, sunk nearly two
feet on Friday, causing some excitement, but no
serious damage is apprehended.
A Washington dispatch says: Much dissatis
faction exists among the counsel who arc to
represent the United States at the Geneva con
ference with the statement of the case pre
pared by Bancroft Davis, which he will submit
as the basis of the case of this country against
Great Britain. It was prepared, so the counsel
say, without consultation with them,
and is radically defective, and founded
founded on a theory which may possibly prove
untenable. The counsel also say that a great
mistake was made in not selecting the counsel
in July last, and have them meet together in
consultation, and prepare their own statement
of the case. The delay in appointing counsel
forced the state department to prepare a state
ment of the work which was allotted to Mr.
Bancroft Davis. It is not generally known that
Mr. Waite of the Toledo bar, who is our coun
sel, was a classmate of Mr. Evarts and Edward
Pierrepont, and he is regarded by his associates
as a good lawyer, but without special knowledge
of this case. He was appointed at the instance
of Mr. Delano.
Drainage in England.—Some very interest
ing articles in the noted English journal, Land
and Water, on drainage in England and its re
sults, are worthy momentary consideration.
Nothing, it seems, has so affected the English
climate as the drainage which the agricultural
population originally found necessary. The
“rainy skies” of which the ancient chroniclers
tell us—-the unparalleled fogs which were so in
expressibly dreary to a stranger, have disap
peared. In the country, November is the only
really foggy season; and in the cities,
the dull obscuring clouds are not at
tributed entirely to atmospheric causes. The
humidity of the climate throughout England
has greatly modified within two centuries. The
increasing dryness of climate is attributed by
many to the fact that the Gulf Stream has borne
more directly upon English shores during the
last century than before; but the larger class
believe that agricultural energy has done much
more than have any geographic alterations.
The over zeal of the farming population to get
rid of the superfluous water in former times has
resulted in some little detriment to the interests
of their own class. To such a perfection
has drainage been carried that the whole
country sheds rain like the roof of a house.
The water does not have time to sink into its
natural reservoirs, but is hastened awav, in
pipes ami drains, to the river channels, overflows
them and destroys crops. A general dryness has
been fostered by this artificial system of channels.
1 he rainfall is not as copious as in former times,
on account of the nature of the land. The
water is low hurried out of the country into
the sea too rapidly; the more gradual methods
shouhi be adopted. The English are now anx
iously seeking some manner of economizing
their rain supply. Water was formerly an ob
struction to cultivation there; the lack of it now
bids fair to offer the most dangerous obstacle.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amer
can and Foreign Patents procurcd.Rejected Ap
plications re-argued, interference Cases I'rosecuUd;
Opinions given so to the validity and infringement of
Patents and Sults rrosecuted and defended tn the U. 8
Courts, by
THOS. II HODGE.
formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman offthe
Board of Appeals. U. 8. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office. Dodgers
Block, earner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Masa.
1134 d*wtf
QLIVER’S
STOVE STOKE,
MAIN STREET OLD NO. «7O
nyN Gif
Vol CAN BOARD at Mount Co.’s
A DINING ROOMS, 5.3 Main st., as cheap as at any
first-class boarding house, and have your meals when
and what you wish, Try it. dlw* h'S
notices.
(JHKIS T M A S
WALLETS
WALLETS.
I have now in Store the heat assort
ment ever exhibited in the state of Mas
saehusetta. They are nil made expressly
for me; consequently the styles and
prices can be relied upon as being satis
factory.
call h lexpcctfhlly solicited.
EDWIN A. WARREN,
Apot iiec'fi ryt
IN) BAY STATE 801 SE, WOKCEMTEM.
ft# dtf
b* RABH fct H4l< it co..
Offlee No. 3 Morton Place, fcarot MUk n el, Ro, ton.
Mortgagees sale of real and
PE KNOW Al* ESTATE
Ptirtuanl io the tioitefof srile c”tHatne<| inacertain
mortgage'it c t given Sy R'hr.nrd S. flail of York, in
tlie Stale ot Nnr to A’s raider T. fstrunrt, ol -aul
Netr ForA, datett January lUh J b IHW, a tfil rfrorded
in the Registry ot Deeds for Hie County Of Worse -tei. hi
(he Common wealth of Massachusetts, Book HO.l, page
fall-slijtl "C Ilie records of the Town of Blackstone, (tl
.••aJ'l Co»ri|ii('ihve:t!th,. will lie sold at Public AucHon, for
breach Of life (''hiditioh of the said mortgage, on
W ednesday the Hiiuerritn dat Of December next, at
twelve tielock nooli, Oh M frfomlsftß. i»' said town
of Blackstone, all the following dcst-Hbed H“rtl and Per
sonal Estat.- to wit: All the real estate stttlafe ibfhe
village of Millville town of Blackstone, County of Wof
tester Itild commonwealth ot Massachusetts, which was
n Ottgrtged to dris Hilt and others by Welcome Farnum,
by deed dated December A l» 1851 and recorded In
the Worcester I titmty Registry of Deeds, Book 482,
Page 593, except ny two ‘thall tract* of t iny six square
ro’s each, severally conveyed by the said Fiirmtm, prior
to said mortgage ny Deeds, seveifllly feconled in lite
Registry aforesaid Rook 467. Page 407 ana book 168
ppye 452 an I ercep'uiy a t act of about twelve acres,
Ooitveyed by Edward S. Hal) to Daniel and Hmothy
(Cleary, by teed recorded in the Registry aforesaid
Book 657, Page 280. aild pjocytViU a lot of one hundred
ami titty- ine square rods, conveyed by the said Hall to
Joseph McClellan, by deed recorded in said Registry,
Book 65)1. Pajte 467, atid finally txCfpt.ny a lot conveyed
by the said Hall to J. W Btrtbmorv. hy deed recorded In
said Registry Book 419. Page 620
Also, al* that Real Estate situate In Millville aforesaid,
near the above described, which was mortgaged to Ed>
wards Hall by Weicome Farnum by deed dated July’
14. A D. 1853 and recorded in the Registry aforesaid
Book 511. Page 40(1.
Al o. another certain lot or land also situate in said
Mil ville containing about three acres undone hundred
and twelve rods, lying southwesterly of the old Black
sione Canah and bounded an t described Us follows
Beginning at the most easterly corner thereof by the.
old tow path ot said canal thence south twenty-three
anta half west, fourteen roas, nineteen link* to land
now or late of Dan Hill, thence by said Dan Hill s lrt:>d
north, sixty-flve and a half west twenty six rods, twenty
<>ne links, to land now or late of Remington Southwick
thence south twvnty-nine and three-quarters erst, three
rods, six links, and north fourteen and three-quarteis
west two rods eighteen link*, by said .-outhwick’s land
n the rotid. and land now or late of one Cocker, thence
south siXty-tlnee. east four rods five links, north twenty
two an t a quarter east seven rods three links north
seventy-three west (IVe rods, two links to the road, the
three la-t courses by said Cocker lam! thence north tour
and a half, west one rod eighteen links by the road,
thence north twenty east twelve and a quarter rods, by
other land now oi late of said Southwick to the tow
path of said canal, thence by said tow-path south forty
nine east elev. n rods twenty-one links, south torty
rigi.t and a half, east seven rods, and south thirtv-four.
west thirteen rods, nineteen links to the. flist named
bound
Also, all those tracts, rights and privileges, described
in the deed ot George S Bulh ns and wife, to Edward S
Hall and others recorded in the Registry aforesa <1 Book
627 Page 314, e.rctpting therefrom the Bux<on land so
called which was conveyed by said Hall Io the town of
Uxbridge by deed recorded in said Registry Book 773
Page 207 ami also excepting a part of the Gifford land
conveyed to Dan Hill by Welcome Farnum, by deed
recorded m said Registry Book 412, Page 391
Also, all the rights of flowage of lands In Uxbridge as
granted to said Edward s Hall and others, by Jonathan
F Southwick Mary Farnum, Lament Davis, and the
town of Uxbridge. See deetls recorded in said Registry
of Deed* Book 631. Tage 4i 9, Book 64b, Pages 257-2 M;
Book 667. Page 576 and Book 740 Page 267.
Also, ali the buildings situate upon any of the tracts of
land aforesaid, amt all fixtures and manufacturing tools
and machinery contained therein, or atlixed thereto.
The above described property is the Manu'acturing
Establishment owned by said Edward.s. Hall on the 24th
d ty of January A 1). iB7O in the village ot Millville
aforenamed, and will be sold with all the buildings, nx
tnres, and machinery, rights, privileges, and appurten
ances thereto belonging, including all the real estate of
whatsoever description, water power, rights ot flowage
ami all rights,and easments to said Hall belonging,on the
said 24th day of January, 1870 ami situate in the towns
of Blackstone amt Uxbridge in the County of Worces
ter,atoresaol and ali the fixtures and machinery con
nected with and pertaining io said manuiacttiring estab
lishment, that are mentioned, described and conveyed by
sa:d Edward s. Hall, by hissaid mortgage to sahf Alex
anderT Mewart. dated and recorded as aforesaid.
.November eighteenth 1871.
ALEXANDER T. STEWART Mortgagee
For further information, apply to the Auctioneer.
1.20 J4.M
OUQU ET 8 WKKA TH 8,
CUT FLOWERS,
House Plants., &c. &c.
FOR SALK BY
JOin S. BALLARD AID.,
DEALERS IN
Groceries and House Furnishing Goods,
CHAPIN BLOCK, PEARL STREET,
..n» disM
IPTE MB E R 1 18 71.
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Druggists,
PROPRIETORS OF
Medical Hall, Estab. 1847.
430 Main St., cor. Pleasant,
DEALERS IN
Pure Drugs
and all the PATENT MEDICINES tn the market.
WINES AND LIQUORS for medicinal use—all war
ranted PURE AND LNADI LIERATED.
O^*OUR MOTTO..£O
‘’A NIMBLE PENNY IS BETTER
THAN A SLOW SIXPENCE.”
KIT* We respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
si <ur
JJEALTH? “MONEY, COMFORT
TINGLEY’S
AUTOMATIC HEAT ROVEKMIR,
FOK HOT-AIK FUKKACU.
This invention has now been thoroughly tested for
Four Years, and is to the public as a perfect
remedy >or the inconveniences, dangers, and annauances
arising front Furnaces as ordinarily managed. Some of
its advantages are
Ist. A sure remedy for the escape of gas or smoke through
the house.
2d. An economy in the use of coal.
3d. It prevents clinkers and the necessity of sifting
ashes.
Uh. insures all danger against fire from an overheated
furnace.
sth. (rives uniformity of temperature with every change
of the weather, saving care and time in the manage
ment of the furnace.
In or«*er to gain these advantages, it is onlv necessary
to kindle the tire, supply the coal, and leave the turnae'e
(without regard to the drafts,) «to the care of the
"GOVERNOR."
Attached to Brick or Portable Furnaces, Old or New.
Send for a Pampjilel.
Tingley Automatic Heat Governor Co.
T. V. PHELPS, Agent,
For Worcester County and Vicinity, Office 22 Pearl st.,
Worcester, Mass. d3ni n 2
DOLLAR REWARD SOAP —Washes
without rubbing; Removes Pitch. Tar. Paint.
Urease, .Sweat and Leather Stains, Ac.; Washes with
Motor Cold, llard. Soft, or Salt Water; Saves Labor
Tune. Fuel. Clothes, and Money. Clothes washed with'
it wear twice as long as if washed with common soap.
One pound of it will wash from ten to fifteen dozen
pieces o| ordinary family washing. It washes the finest
lace without injury, and rentiers all articles as clear and
bright as new.
The Dollar He ward Soap!
Try it in the Bathroom; it leaves the skin cool, smooth
and soft Use it to cleanse your Marble Ornaments.
Mantels. Door-steps, Ac., and Brick Walks and Alleys.
Use it with scouring-brick in cleansing iron or steel; It
saves half the labor, and gives a better appearance. It
makes 1 m Ware shine like new, and lias no equal in
ch ansing glass or china Dissolved in boiling water,
makes the best and cheapest Soft Soap in the world.
For sale In HOLDEN BROS., WorceMer. d3m
WESTWARD, HO Tickets for the
West by all routes, and forall point* South, on the
ICißslMippi River, at the lowest rate*. Apply to JONA
BARNARD, U. 8. and Canada Express Office, Crump
ton s Block, Mechanic street, where *ll information will
b« chearfhllr given. dtf
PKK E I ENTS.
Sttotng Jfladfmts.
rjnir,
HOWE SEWING MACHINES
AND F. Bl TTFRIUK A CO. 8 CELEBRATED PA?
TERNS for Ladi Mlm md Children’* Garments
of ill kind and Shirt Patterns of all sizes, at 90S
Alniii St., Worcester. Mass.
1.. Q. SPAI I.IHYG, Agent
Also. Needles fok all AIM’S or machines, Silk, Oli
Ac. Tm ker Riifller-. and Corders.
15 )7 'Machines Repaired. dtf ap6
IJIIIE AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Ovcrseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
£ff ’Please call and examine Machines and Work, at
334 Main Street.
.nr i. h took wen
YYEEO
Sewing Macliine,
The Family Favovitel!
A. I-:. riK'K, A Kent,
o 8 dtf ion Main st.
HANDSOME PRESENT FOR THE
Holidays!
'l’lio Improved World-Kenowned
WHEELER A WILSON’S
SEWIM. MACHINES
Arc the best ever offered to Public Patronage.
They are simple, working without d Minitie, durable
emflly kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make un even and flrm stitch, alike on
both sides,that will not rip; will economize thread, and
arc applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use. Where can you tind a better present for
THANKSGIVING?
It does not nil the work, as all Shuttle Machines do;
t does not need to be dripping in oil to run easy, and
therefore no pan Is necessary to catch the oil beneath
as Is indispensable in most Shuttle Machines in use.
How can you make a better choice for a
CHRISTMAS
Present, than one of the celebrated Wheeler A Wilson's
Sewing Machines? We give you thorough Instructions
at our rooms or house, free of expense.
Please call before purchasing elsewhere, that as a gift
for
NEW YEAR’S,
you have made a good selection, and be perfectly satis
fled. Eveiy Machine warranted, tmd kept In repair one
year without charge.
BEAL PERCIVAL,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
Office 3-10 NLain Hi., Worcester.
n'2s deopt I
JTEYSTONK
SEWIXG MM lIINET
Elegant, Simple, and Durable I
r.OCK-STITCII,
STR 11G HT N EEI> I-E A IN I> NII UTTI.K.
p Agents Waited. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
ctune 0., 220 Tremont si Bo ton.
ol» dTll,Th&Stf J. BROCK. Agent
WALLETS.
J£ARNESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
LIWKD AND UNLINED,
WOOL RUBES!
lIOKME BLA N K ETM
CIIUIAGLES anil
WHIPS
A stock equal to any In the city, which we are selling
at Low Prices, at
LAMSON. GLAZIER CO.'S,
nt <Uf SB, IM and 2M Main st.
|£LASTir SPONGE
MATTRESSES,
PILLOWS,
PEW CUSHIONS,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THE BALE OR POUND
We invite, the public to call ami examine our "Elastic
Sponge" goods, which we are now selling In large quan
tities, and which arc giving great satls'action.
Sponge makes a suiter Mattress than Hair, and will
hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushioning
Churches. Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse Cars, it
will be found the best article In use, and is warranted
proof against moths.
We should be pleased to send Circular of reference to
any who desire.
HALEY, MORSE CO.,
sole agents for n. e. states,
411 Washington Street, Boston
n« <!4w4w
yy E L 11 G R I FF I T II S
CELEBRATED
saws
Woon SAWS
CROSS-CUT M A WS, I of all descriptions,
Are Bti|iei*lor to alt Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFECT S.yiSFAUriON GUARANTEED.
For sale by Hardware and Country Dealers, ano
the Manutacturers.
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
s 7 d&w3m 145 141 Federal Boston.
tOPARTNERSHIP NOTICE. B. L.
V/ SMITH and C. H. ELLSWORTH have formed a
Copartnership un 'er the name and firm of R. L. Smuh
A Co and now occupy the 'lore formerly occupied by W.
E. Forbes 0., corner of Main and Elm sts., where
they intend keeping a lull assortment of Hosiery and
Gloves, Yarns, Lace Goods, Trimming-and Fancy Goods.
R. L. SMITH.
C. H ELLSWOBTH
Worcester. Oct 31, 1871. d6t n.'®
DISSOLI T ON OF copabthershiF.
Edwin A. Babcock ceases to be a member of the
firm of.l. TODD A CO., on and after this date. All
persons ate hereby forbid making any payments to the
said Babcock on account of debts due the copartnership.
The Coffee and Spice business of the •ormer Copart
nership will Im- continued at the oldfetand. 171 Union st.,
under the same firm name as before dissolution.
J. TODD.
Worcester, Nov. 15, 1871.
Thankfill for past favors, 1 earnestly solicit a con*lnu
ance of them in the future. E. A. Hancock having with
drawn his interest, parties indebted to the firm of J. Todd
Co., are requested to make payment to the subscriber.
nib Ulf .1. fODD.
3 Will TN EY s NI ATS F< H>T
harness soap.
W'W-' STEAM REFINKD.
M It Oils, Blacks, Pollsbc and Soaps at
p the same time. Put up m large and small
size boxes, also in 3lb bars. Has Iwen in use for years,
and gives perfect satisfaction. Send stamp for our
WAVERLY. Address G. F. WHITNEY A CO..
o»0 dWm «6mdl 59 Milk st.. Boston. Mass.
HARD AND WHITE PINE timber
On hand and Sawed to Dimensions.
HARD PINE PLANK. HARD PINE FLOORING
and STEP BOARDS, or sale by
STETSON A 1’ Ol’ E
Wharf and Dock—First, corner of E street. Office N
mh27 10 state «t.. Itoarnu dlr
Establish eTT i n“ ms NpTyoung
e Dealer in Fancy Goods. Toys, and I >eful Articles
Umbrellas and Parasols Repaired. Pinking in a num
ber of styles. stamping for Embroidery.
Agency of the French Dye House, of Boston. Goode
sent to the DycHonse. on Fridays.
P ease observe the sign of “The Variety Store,” No 22t
Main street, nearly opposite the Quinsigamond Bant
Fok BOSTON via GROTON JUNC-
TlON.—cars leave Worcester at 6.30 and 1X.15 a. m
and 1.20 p. m.
Returning, leave Boston at «.»nnd 11 a. m.. and 1 p. m.
Care run through. Baggagecheeked through without
change.
Passengers by this route land in the immediate viclnlt)
of the Eastern, Boston Maine, and Boston AL<»we)
Depots; also Steamet a for Portland. Bc. Jahn and Hali
fax.
June 13.187 V. dtf auU
AOVCRTIBIMO BATES.
Daily Byy— For the "Square* of ten <lbc» io)
«K*te type, I time7s eta.; each subsequent Insertion 56
:U.; 1 week |2.75; 2 weeks 14.00; 1 month fk 00; 1 year
|6o—and the same rate proportionally for any number n
squares. Two Unes for one week |1.00; three line >125;
our lines >1.37; five lines >1 50. Local notices 25 cent a
per line for each Insertion. Business notices 15 cents p< t
lino. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac.. 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements fl.oo per square for first inset
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents.
Special positions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rate*. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent.
end double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Webkly Spy— First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50cents; 3 months $7.00; one
ye.ir>2’.<M>.
ITARVEY FISK. A S HATCH.
FISk HATCH,
BANKERS
and Dealers in Government Securities,
>0.5 BTAHSA.IT MTREFT,
New York. Nov. 20,1871.
The successful and rapid negotiation of nearly three
fourths of the Fl FT EE A M 11,1,1 X M» ANT
OF THE CHLNtPKAKE A.% D OHIO
K A IKUO Al» COM FA XV, and he energetic
prosecution ot the work of extension and preparation of
the Road for an extensive mineral, agricultural, a» d
hrough traffic, have placed the financial affairs and re
sources of the Company upon such a bah, that we aie
directed to advance the price for future sales of the
Bonds, as explained in the following letter of Mr. Hrw
TINOTON, President of the Company.
vrurs CHFBAPEAKK AND OHIO FAILBOAD COMPAKV,
54 William Street, New York.
November 18, 1871.
Messrs. Fisk A Hatch,
Bankersand Financial Agents C A O. R. R. CO.:
Gentlemen.
The Western Division of the Chesapeake and Ohio
Kai'road, comprising the 95 miles between Hun ingum,
on the <»hio River, and the mouth ot m w River labove.
•he Falls of Kanaw a.) tmw .-nhstantiahy completed,
and will, In a few day-, be ready io do the Immense coal
and other business th -i Is await ng its eoniplet on Tin’
Eastern Division, compr 227 miles, between V Into
sulphur Springs and Richmond, is now in complete
order and suveessfu operation, she grading and mason
ry on eleven of Ih,- 102 miles, between the mouth of N< w
River and White Sulphur Springs, is coinpl te, a d the
work on the remaining 91 miles is so far advanced that,
track-laymz will b t commenced on this portion of the
road in nay next, amt continue without interruption
until thewlnde line Is completed.
In view of these fact-, you are hereby dlrec'ed to make
no furl h> r-al. of the Bonds •-.aid omp. ny at a ie-s
price than 94 ami accrued interest, at which price you
will continue to sell until further orders.
Vt-ry respect'ullv yours,
C. r. HVNTIMGTOX, President.
In compliance' with the foregoing instructions, the
price of the Bonds, trom tins date, until (Urtber orders,
will be 04 and accrued Interest.
The scarcity of, and demand for, really
Desirable Six Per Cent. Gold Bonds,
for solid and permanent investments, is evinced by tho
facts that
Five-Twenty Ronda of 1867 are telling at.... 115
Central Pacific Bond* are selling at tO3
Chesapeake «V Ohio Bonin arc selling at. 04
These bonds all pay both principal and Interest In New
York City, in T. S. gold coin, and are equally safe for
investment.
The reason why Five-Twenty Bonds arc so high
because no more can be Issued, and the outstanding
amount Is being rapidly decreased by purchases by the
Government from their surplus revenues.
The reason why we think Central Pacific Bonds
will in time advance to the price of Five twenties, is be
cause no more can he Issued; while Ihe operation ot their
Sinking Fund will soon commence to decrease the
amount.
The reason why Chesipeake and Ohio Bonds are
selling so low, comparatively, while equally safe, is be
cause the Company are selling Bonds to complete t
road. They will all be sold in a short time, and ina few
months the road will be finished, when we have no doubt
the same result will follow as with Five Twenty and
Central Pacific Bonds. The Sinking Fund of the Chesa
peake and Ohio must g<» into effect within one year after
the completion of the road.
The Cheonpcake »V Ohio Honda arc issued’
either coupon or registered—the denominations are as
follows:
WIOO, which cost today 904.13
9500. 4? 1.53
91,000, 943.13
Orders for Chesapeake amt Ohio Bonds may be sent
through any National Bank or Banker; or accompanied
with Draffs or Checks, fumy be forwarded to us by mail.
Bonds or money may be forwarded by any responsible
Express Company at our expense, and the Chesapeake
an I Ohio Bonds, in exchange, will be sent by return
Express, charges paid.
We buy and sell Government and Central Pacific
Bonds, and receive them in exchange for Chesapeake
and Ohio Bonds.
Account*of banks, bankers and others received, on
which we allow interest at the rate of four percent, per
annum.
FISK HATCH,
nt deop<twcop2m Flnnncial Agents.
yy A LOB, ANDRE W 8 CoT
52 Wall St., New York,
ANDREWS CO.,
JO Place Vendome, Paris,
BANKERS.
Bonds, Stocks and Gold bought and sold on commission
Deposits received at interest. Loans negotiated.
Travelers’ and Commetclal Credits ssued.
Exchange drawn on Paris, and on the
UNION BANK. OF LONDON.
819 deoply
g TONE DOWN E B,
BANKERS,
28 State St., Boston.
DEALERS IN
American and Foreign Specie and Coupons.
BUY AND NELL
City, State, Countv and United States Bonds.
AOENTS FOR SALE OF
Burlington, Cedar Rapids, and Minnesota First
Morigage k. R. Bonds. 7 per cent. In Gobi.
Northern Pacific IL B. Bonds, 7 3-lUin (’.old, and the
U. s. Funded Loan.
ALSO. FOR SALE,
European and North American First Mortgage!?.
K. Bonds,6 percent, in Gold, at 90 and interest.
We<lraw Exchange on San Francisco. Mon
treal, St. .John, and Halifax, and buy an t yell
on Commission Stocks anu Bonds in Boston ana New
York. Inquiries by mail promptly answered.
Special attention to packages received by express.
s2O de<>D3m
WILL BE REDEEMED BY THE GOVERNMENT
IN' DECEMBER NEXT.
Many holders of those securities have been converting
them, through us, into
Peoria and Rock Island First Mort
irage 7 per Cent. Convertible
Gold Bonds,
thereby adding 95 PER CENT. TV THEIR CAPI
TAL. and about 46 PER CENT, to thdr YEARLY
INCOME.
We recommend these bonds strongly, for the following
reasons:
The Road, ninety-one miles in length, is already
COM PLETEi>, and earning much more than the
interest on the whole issue of bonds.
The mortgage. #1,300,0v0, Is less than l#l«,-
500 per mile.
The road passes through a rich, populous, agricultural,
manufacturing, and coal district.
It connects Peoria and Rock Island, two of the largest
and most flourishing cities in Illinois, and forms part of
a trunk-line from Indianapolis to St. Paul, 578 miles. It
also connects two navigable rivers—the Illinois and Mis
sissippi. The bonds are authorized for the extra equip
ments and necessary buildings required to do the buxines
now offered.
Nearly bah the entire loan has already been sold.
They are coupon bonds, 91,000 each, and can be
registered if desired.
interest, seven per cent gold, free of tax, payable
February and Au.ini.
Price, ho ued fatten I. a onoM
Maps and full particulars thrnished by
TURNER BROTHERS.
No. 14 Nassau st.. New York.
The Bonds uo >lh> for «le t>y D. K MEBKIAM.
Cashier, Leicester. Mass.
RICE. WHITING Bl LLuCK.
nls dtf Worcester. Mass.
ST ABR OO K SMITH
lute a few thousand dollars
TO LOAM
for a short time.
ROOM NO. RUGERS' HLOCK, corner
Main and Pleasant, sts. dt>'
JO NEY
TO LOAN!
»23 dtf L. A. ELY .V CO.