The press
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11,1871.
CITY AND VICINITY
Nrw AdTertiMUicutf To-Day.
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
Theatre.... Music Hall.
Bcurflc of the Chicago Sufferers.
Dancing-A. B. Gee.
Dancing School.... A. J I*ocko.
al'KOlA-L. NOTICE COLUMN,
Card.... Heath and Dr w.
Sate Insurance-RollinB Sc Adams.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN*
Brig ter Havana.... A. L. Hobson
'opartership.... Lyman, Sou Sc Tobey.
To Let. ...39 Myr lest.
200 Laborers ‘Wanted....Portland Water Co.
Stove Polish... .Morse Brothers.
Boy Warned-Lobenst in.
Gin Wanted.... RoPin a ul Adams.
Silk Velvets, dec... Sc A. P. Darling.
Wanted.... Busiut tt.
Keys Lost. ...If. H. teughfon.
Brig for Havana... .Cnas Mer.ill.
Apples, Butter... J. I. Liboy.
Chicago Tire... J. W. m unger Sc Sou
Chicago Calamity.
MEETING OF OiriZEM OF FORTLANI
A preliminary meeting of citizens of Port
land, called to deviae ways and means for ex
pressing the sympathy ot the people of ttrli
city lor the inhabitants ol Chicago in theii
terrible distress, was held at the Commoi
Council Room yesterday afternoon at foui
o’clock. Mayor Kingsbury piesided and Gen,
John M. Blown was made Secretary. Tin
Mayor stated the object of the meeting, aud
referred to the very liberal aid winch Chicago
gave Pol Hand in I860. Further remarks were
made by Hon. S. E. Spring, K. Cram, Esq.,
Hon. W. W. Thomas, ex-G»v. Washburn,
Hon. John Lynch, Jas. O’Donnell, Esq., and
others, touching the best method of promot
ing the work, aud it was finally decided to
call a public meeting at City Hall this (Wed
uerdayj lorenoon at 10 o’clock, aud tbat the
people he invited to assemble there prepared
to make their money donations and arrange
lor any further donations of clothing, etc.,
that may he deemed advisable. The senti
ment ot the meeting was that the minimum
sum shall be $20,000.
A Cieuerou* Offer.
To the Citizens of Portland— Mr. George A.
Junes, the manager ot the People’s Couise 01
Concerts, has generously consented to ap
propriate the entire proceeds over the actual
expeuses of the Concert on Mouduy evening,
to tue sufferers by the late terrible fire in
Chicago. The public will notice by tbe ad
vennement tbat the Concert is superior in it
self, aud I earnestly call upon the citizens to
aid the great cause by their presence.
Bjcnj. Kingsbuby, Jr., Mayor.
Oriel Jolting*.
An c-xshaiige paper puts two ot its big head
lines over the account oi the Chicago fire in
this ludicous juxiaposition: “Generous Assist
ance Coming iiom Every Quarter—An Appal
ling Spectacle!”
Superintendent Merritt of the Boston and
Maine taiiroad telegraphed to Payson Tucker,
E q., the company’s agent in Portland that
couuibutions lor Chicago will he taken over
tbat road liee of cost.
Mr. Jones, the manager of the People’s
Course lias generously offered to devote all the
proceeds oi the first coucert, after paying ex
penses, to the relief of the Chicago sufferers.
Kev. E. A. Harlow recently Irorn Kansas
has accepted a cail to the Congregational
churches ot Cape Elizabeth and commenced
his labors with them last Sunday.
There will be a match game oi base ball Sat
urday between the resoluies of this city and
Androecoggins of Lewiston, on the Bolling
Mills groand tor a Eum of money.
Tbe horse “Mrs. Winslow” will attempt the
feats of trotting eighteen miles in an hoar at
the Foie-t City Park this afternoon.
Duptez Benedict’s minstrels will appear
at tb« Cuy Hall on the evenings of the 23d
and 24 h of this month.
VllIU Xr, Minpr'a onmio oswi.n _v
troupe, will play at City Hall on the 19 b, 20th
and 21st ot this month. Delehanty and Hen
gler are with this troupe.
Arrangements have been made by which the
work on the new custom house and post office
will be completed at once.
The drinking fountain in frent of the post
office has been shut off in consequence, no
doubt, ol the small supply of water at the
Lake. It is well to he saving of the precious
fluid.
The Hutchinson Family will revive old and
pleasant memories and inspire their heaters
with their own zeal to-night at Fluent Hall.—
The audience ought to be a large one.
In our bymenial record will he found that of
Cyrus Thompson and Miss Nettie Quincy, the
bride being the daughter of our neighbor, the
bookbinder. We acknowledge the reception
of a generous slice of the wedding loaf. The
happy couple started on a journey west, imme
diately after the mariiage ceremony.
The following dispatch was received yester
day by Paysou Tucker, Esq., agent of the Bos
ton Maine Railroad, from Supt. Merritt:—
“You are fully authorized to take for transpor
tation, free, any and all supplies of food or
other articles for the relief of the suffering in
habitants of Chicago. See that the articles so
sent are directed to the Mayor or Relief Com
mittee of Chicago, and everything intended for
the sufferets will be at once forwarded from
here. Make this known to the city authorities
at Portland.
Coroner's Inquest.—Coroner Hall yester
day morning empanel.ed a jury and held an
inquest over the body of the man who was
found drowned near the Kennebec depot Mon
day. The principal witness was Thomas
Cronan, who had worked with the deceased
aDO was somewhat acquainted with him. He
testified that the deceased had told him his
name was James Doyle and that he belonged
in Great Falls, N. H., where he had a family.
He saw him last Saturday and noticed that
he apptared strangely. He was not under the
Influence of liquot and said that he had not
drank anything for fifteeu months. He was
then intending to go to Lewiston to work, and
Said he bad just.come from Portsmouth, N. H.
The Jury returned a verdict that deceased
oame to his death Monday forenoon, Oct. 9, by
his own act while laboring under aberration of
mind.
The Union Sergeant.—City Hall was com
pletely packed last night, aud the performance
elicited the heartiest demonstrations of ap
plause. The drama is presented in an unex
ceptionable manner, and the satisfaction and
pleasure ol all who witness it. We have here
tofore spoken of the excellent impel sonation ol
the principal characters in this interesting
drama, and therefore need not enlarge upon
the subject. Sufficient to say that all act well
their parts, and there is no flagging in the in
terest the play excites, from comencement to
close. We expect to see the house again crowd
ed to night, when the drama will again be
nreeeoted.
The Bobinson Case.—If the amount ol
O’Neil W. Buoinson’s defalcations and forger
le»(reported yesterday) has been ascertained
the parties hiving it are very reticent. Wt
hear of several part’es in the city who hold hii
obligations in amounts ranging from $300 t(
$2000, but whether there is any genuine pape:
in the lot is not known yet. i-opular repor
places the amount at what we stated yester
day—from $8000 to $10,000. The name of thi
person forged is a relative—a lady well knowi
in this city for her kindness of heart and will
ingness to assist those in want.
Theatre.—The new and popular drama o
Victory was again greeteu with a good audieDCi
wuicn heartily euji yed the play. To night thi
euteitamuient will consist of the beautifu
drama ol Little Barefoot, after which the con
umoiums will be read, and tLe silver cup wil
be awaided to the author ot the best one.
We would remind our readers that the sea
Ti e’f ^‘S ®0U1,,any wi|l close on Fridaj
D n eveniutI the managers de
vote to the benefit of the ChmagQ sufferers.
Insurance.-We w^T^Ta^tion to th(
business notices and advertisements ot Messrs
Bolhus* Adams, J. Monger Son Dow Oof
Bn Libby, Heatli Drew, and Loring g
Tburston, which appears in our columns thi
morning. These insurance agents offer on
citizens, companies whose capitals are not im
paired by the disastrous fire at Chicago.
The First Contribution for Chicago
So tar as we have beard, Messrs. Deeriog, Mi
liken Co. have led off iD the good work i
coutribuiiug to the relief of suffering in Cliici
go. Early yesterday morning they put a ha
of blankets (flO pairs) and a case ot clothing fi
to the lianas of the Canadian Express Comp;
py, which will forward it free..
Mfethftdlw Ktat« CUurcntlnu
s The Methodist State Convention for t
general discussion of the condition and iBa
guration of measures to increase the pros^e
ty of said denomination, assembled at Che*
nut street church in this city Tuesday rnornin
There was a large attendance of clergy atd
ift;r number of laymen and women from a
pirts of the State.
Ae 9 a. m., the convention was called to o
der. Hiram Haggles, E*q->ot Carmel, wi
chosen temporary chairman, and Rev. Park*
Jacques of Reaufiold, mporary Secretary.
Alter an hour spent iu devotional exercisei
a committee on permanent ^organization .wa
appointed, consisting of Revs. 1. Luce, D. f
Randall, E. A. Helmetfbuusen and C. F. A
len. This committee reported the follow in
list of officers:
President-Hiram Ruggles.
Vice Prcsioeuts— Hon J. J. Perry, Charle
Beal, Hr. H. P. Torsev, Rev. A. Sanderson
Alexander Yates, Hon H. K. Baker, Rev.
F. Wet her bee, Rev. L. L Han.scorn, Horae
Mussey, W. L. Brown and F. A. Smith.
Secretaries —Revs. Parker Jacques, A
Church, A. S. Ladd and W. W. Marsh.
Comm ttee on Resolutions—Rev. Georg
We'iber, D. D A. Prince, E Clark, M. D
Hon. William Deering and S. R. Leavitt.
Committee on Order of Exercises—Revs.
Luce, D. B. Randall, E. A. Helmersbausei
and Stephen Allen.
Mr. Ruggles thanked the convention forth
honor conferred, and referred generally to tb
object of the meeting, ami pledged himself t
discharge the duties devolved upon him to tb<
best of his ability.
The Committee on Resolutions then anuoune
ed that the first subject in order was, ‘‘Maim
as a Missionary Field.”
Rrv. L. D. Ward well of Rockland, presente*
an interesting essay upon the subject, fie re
ferred to the large population which was likelt
to flow iu Aroostook county from our owi
State, and foreign countries, and the mission
»ry work which should be done there. H*
thought the Methodist did not contribute
enough, and that enough was not appropriat
ed to the borne mission.
After the reading of the essay, the subject
was discussed by Dr Webber, Revs. Messrs.
Helmersbausen. A. Sanderson. John Allen
and Benjamin Lufkin.
Rev. C. F. Allen of Orono, President of the
Agricultural College, read a very elaborate
and interesting essay on the “Introduction of
Methodism into Maine." The convention
then ndjoutned till alterooon.
AFTEBXOON.
At two p. in., the convention re-assembled
aud the attendance was larger than in the
morning. President Buggies presided. After
religious exercises the bnsiness of the session
was resumed.
The next topic announced by the Committe*
on Resolutions was “Comparative Statistical
view ol Methodism in Maine.”
Rev. J. B. Randall of Kendall’s Mills, then
presented a lengthy but interesting paper,
giving many important figures and facts rela
tive to the growth of Methodism in this State.
The essay opens with the remark that statis
tics are always dry, but convenient subjects
for reference. After alluding to the difficulty
of collecting exact religious statistics he pro
ceeds to the main point of the paper, disclaim
iug vain glorying in the strength of his de
nomination.
The growth of Methodism is given s’nce its
introduction here, tracing it year by year to
1800, thence by decades to the present time.
Jesse Lee first visited the then Province ol
Maine in 1793, this district being nearly the
whole ot New Englaud.
At the conference held at Lynn, Mass., July
25, 1794, Phillip Wager was appointed to his
large circuit, including all the Province ol
Maine. Jesse Lee accompanied him. aud in
November of that year the first class in Maine
was formed at Monmouth, consistiug,
we believe, of eight members. That class
paper is lost as well the records of ibat early
society.
Phillip Wager travelled his large circuit
called “Readfield circuit” aud at the confer
ence of 1795 made the first statistical return
Hum Maine. As the result of his labors he re
turned to the coutereneo at New London,
Conn., on July 15, 1795, that there were 318
members iu the society—Portland 36.Readfi Id
232, Passsmaquoddy 50. At the close ot that
year, 1796, there were returned 357, not a large
increase (only 25) but they broke up much
uew ground. These members were reported
from the followiug places:—Portland 80; Read
field 240, Penobscot 73. The number of mem
bers returned to the conference of 1897 was
616, a gaiu o(72 per cent. Joshua Taylor was
made Presiding Elder and stationed at Read
field.
From 1840 to 1850 there was a decrease ot
1359, owing to the reaction from the Miller ex
citement, the Wesleyan 3eccession and the ex
citement connected with the diversion of the
church io 1844. The Congregationaiists gain
ed during this time 518 and the Bap.ist lost
640. From 1850 to 1860 the Methodists gained
3641. From 1860 to 1870 there was a oecrease
of 480, occasioned by the war excitements ot
1861 5. The Congregationaiists report in 1870
one minister less than in 1860, and a gain of
489 members. The Baptist, duriug this de
cade report a decrease of ten ministers and
2029 members The F.,W. Baptists report a
decrease of 34 ministers and 112 members.
Durrng the last year the Methodists gained 13
travelling preachers and 316 members. The
Congregationaiists report duriog last year a
loss of 133 members and the F. W. Baptist a
gain ol 12 ministers and 270 members.
The educational interests have also prosper
ed.
The increase per cent, in the cities and
towns of 5000 inhabitants and upwards, 1850 to
1870, has oeen viz:—Methodist 56, Congrega
tionalist 54, Baptist 39, F. W. Baptist 244: in
crease in whole State, Methodist 14 12, Con
gregationalist 17 3 4, Baptist 2; decrease oi F.
W. Baptist 6. The loss in rural places is viz:
Methodist 2, Congregationalists 31, Baptists 8,
F. W. Baptists 6. By the same computation
the loss in the whole State is a much less per
cent., showing that the large towns aud cities
are the strongholds and gaieing places of Meth
odism.
The church property in Maine, in lf70, was
valued at $890 985, representing 324 churches
and 111 parsonages. There were 285 Sunday
schools, 20,603 scholars, 3196 officers aud teach
ers,57.147 volumes in libraries; proportion
church members to Sabbath School scholars
119.
The benevolent contributions, including
missionary money in the Maine Conference,
have been, viz: 1850, $2490; 1860, $3597 76;1870,
$7395 59; not embracing home charities or leg
acies upon educational purposes. Increase
1850 to I860 was 44 1-4 per cent.; from 1860 to
1870,1 031 per cent, lu the East Maine Con
ference, 1850. $1167; 1860, $1549; 1871, $5460,
showing large increase.
Figures are given to show the meagre sala
ries given to ministers compared with other
Stales, especially the West, and an appeal is
made fora more liberal condition of things, as
the cost ot living has proportionately been
larger.
Average salaries in the Maine Conference in
1850 was $273; 1860, $394; 1870, $613; East
Maine Corner,mce, 1850,$285; 1860, $390; 1871,
$569.
Ministers, says Mr. Kandall,bave some hu
man nature, and they will not consent to serve
for small pay in Maine, while others, and in
their estimation, equally interesting fields are
open to them at double the salary. There is
no class of men of the same talent so poorly
paid as the ministers of Maine. The church
must absolutely awake to this matter if she ex
pects to retain her men of talent
In conclusion he commends these facts and
figures to the candid consideration of the con
vention. “May they teach us humility and in
spire zeal. May the Lord God make us and
all onr sister churches a llionsard times as
many more as we are, aud bless us as He has
premised to do.”
The discussion of (he essay followed and
participated in by Bev. L. P. French aud Bev.
D. B. Bandall. Thj subject was then referred
to the Committee on Besolutions.
xne next subject was 'xne c'hurcu anc
Stale.”
Eev. E. A. Helmenbaupco, of Camden, pie
seoted au interesting essay on tl.e above sub
ject. Wbat is the relation between the two'
What, are our mutual duties towards them'
The laws af God are higher than those cf th<
State. No nation has prospered which has no
recognised the sovereignty of God. Sincert
devotion is not antagonistic to patriotism. I
is the mission of the church not to create revo
lutioo, but reformation and improvement.—
The patriotic position of the Methodist churtl
in the late war was eulogized. We claim for i
the best type of patriotism. The higher typ<
will place woman beside mao, as God ordain
ed. The Methodist church sent more men am
money to the. war than any other denomina
tion. ^ew York city was held up as a warn
iug. No government can prevail which is des
i tituto of priuciple. The Methodist church ha
not been fully appreciated iu its influence npoi
the State. Iu missionary, temperance, anti
slavery and educational movements thi
r church has accomplished much, especial!
1 among the young, educating them thus to be
come good citizsns. He hoped that the 8tat
authorities would grant the Methodist school
and seminaries e/ery advantage others possesi
Kivivals are followed by schools. The Noi
mal and other schools which receive State ai
cannot begin to supply the educational warn
of the State. The Methodist church has a
ways maintained freedom of the pulpit, an
liberty of conscieuce. It has uever been a
ecclesiastical dead-house or a partisan churcl
The State need not tear discussion. No plac
ueeds it more than the modern pulpit. Goo
men should be placed in oflice. Churches hoi
the balance of power, and in elections it shoul
he used. Denominational schools show tb
greatest influence in the State because of ri
ligious education, and Kent's Hill and Bueki
port should haiild have not been excelled an
should be recognised by the State. There is
large field of labor in Maine for the good of tb
1 entile State.
1 1 uteresting discussion followed, participate
in by Hon. John J. Perry of Oxford, Rei
tephen Allen of Farmington, Rev. D
1‘ r0i,ke °t New York, Rev. A. Prince of H..m[
den, Rev. Iaraei Luco of Portland, Cam
Meeting John Alien, Re*. Mr. Cashing
ie Massachusetts, Roy. D. B. Randall of Kt*
u- dall’s Mills, Roy. C. Munger aud others. A
•i- urged greater participation in political aflfai
t- of religious and moral citizenB, and a purihe
tion of politics generally,
a Mr. Perry alluded to the great coming que
B tion of use of the Bible iu public schools, ai
that Methodism must lead oft against Papae
Dr. Croake remarked that President Gran
s whatever may be his short-comings otherwis
r is true to the interests of the Methodist churc
under which he was brought up, aud Me,hi
i, dists are occupying high places more tha
ever. Young men should be trained to publ
service anil then Methodism will have a powi
in public circles, able to successfully maiutai
its rights. Religion and politics do and shoul
go together.
Mr. Raudail rematked that the teinperanc
9 question in Maine needs great aid. More rui
Is sold this year than during any year lor te
a years past. Our guns are spiked, as Mr. C'usl
ing remarked, but we will drtll them out c
get new ones. The temperance men ol Main
are going to demand more progressive actio
of this Legislature. We expect Gov. Perbai
will take some positive actiou or make som
recommendation. He alluded to his succes
in behalf of the temperance question at the las
i Republican Convention, aud earnestly urge,
personal attention to polilios by ministers am
laymen.
i Afier singing aud benediction the Conven
tion adjourned.
EVENING.
In the evening Rev. Dr. Crcoke of Nev
York, editor of the Methodist, deliveree ai
able and earnest sermon to a crowded audi
ence upon "Christ the Soui’s redeemer.” Tex
John 14th chap. 3d verse, "I am the truth.”
The Hutchinson Family who were aunounc
ed to sing during the evecing, were detainee
at Portsmouth aud did not arrive till just al
the close of the services. They will sing to
.1.... .i.„
There will be a prayer meeting at ChestDul
St. Church this morning at 3 a. in., to be con
ducted by Camp Meeting John Allen.
The Convention will reassemble at 9 a. in.
High School Association.—The interested
members amoug the alumni of the several
branches of the Portland High School have
very nearly completed all their arrangements
for the organization of an association, watch is
intended to include all regular graduates
whether possessessing a diploma or not, of tlie
High school siuce its establishment in 1821,—
Another meeting will be held this evening, at
the chamber of the Common Council outlie
first floor ol the City building, at which it is
earnestly hoped that every regularly gradua
ted member of tne school from the days ol
Master Libby to the present time, both mascu
line and leminine, will he present. Several
important matters, as we understand, may
come up to-night,such as a proposition for the
first public meeting of tl-e association, in cele
bration of the semi-centennial anniversary
year of the establishment of the High School;
some substantial notice ol the memory ol Mas
ter Joseph Libbey, and the keeping in remem
brance of the services of other faithful teach
ers.etc. We beg to suggest that this move
ment, so potential tor the literary advaucment
ot the city in general, and the alumni in par
ticular, will be favoted by all to whom it is
open, as it promises much to their advantage
in a literary and social point of view.
Obituary.—Mrs. Mary B. Storer, widow of
the late Woodbury Storer, esq., died in this
city Monday, at the age of 80 years, in this
death Portland has lost one of her best and
most devoted women—one who like Dorcas, in
the Scriptures, yyas “lull of good work and
alms-deeds which she did.” As one of the
early members of the Female Charitable So
ciety, she was ever active in her efforts to re
lieve the distresses of the poor. In the forma
tion of the Female Orphan Asylum Mrs. Stor
er was one of the most efficient aids; and her
counsel and advice was largely relied upon in
establishing the institution. For ilie past year
she lias been too feeble to exert herself for be
nevolent objects so much as she desired. She
has gone down to the grave at the ripe old age
of 80, mourned and regretted by all who knew
her. Her works, they lollow her.
Her funeral will take place this afternoon at
3 o clock, from the house of her brother Chas.
E. Barrett, esq., No. 38 Spring street.
Belief for Chicago.—On Thursday eve
rung Messrs. Myers Huntley will give au
entertainment at tbe Theatre for the benefit of
the sufferers in Chicago. The Portland Print
ers* Union will hold a meeting at Tucker’s
Printing office, this evening to adopt measures
to raise funds for the relief of their brethren of
the cratt in the same city.
Excursion from Rochester —Au excur
sion party numbering about 2oO persons came
over tbe Portland and Rochester railroad aDd
went down the harbor in th^ steamer Charles
Hongbton and enjoyed a (flam-bake. They
returned home by a special train.
Base Ball.—A very exciting game of base
ball was played yesterday afternoon on the
Iron’s grounds, Ligonia Village, between the
Rival and Active Clubs, ot this city, which re
sulted in favor of the Rivals by the following
score:
rivals. aotive.
O. R. O. R.
ShurtietT, c, 3 1 Alden, c f, 4 0
Cushman, s s, 5 0 Chandler, If, 3 1
Hersey, p, 3 1 Evans, p, 3 0
Ossocd, 2db, 2 1 Lynch, s s, 4 0
Gi.ldlDSB, 1st li, 3 0 Fayson, c, 2 0
Ware, 31b, 2 0 Root, 2d b, 4 0
Kinsman, of, 4 0 homer, 1st b, 4 0
sieveus, rt, 3 1 Small, 3d b, 2 1
Huutingion, It, 2 2 Keating, r t, 12
27 6 27 4
Innings, 12345678 9—Total.
Rivals.0 00131010— 6
Actives.0 00001030— 4
Umpire—Mr. F Maxwell.
Ply-catches—Rivals Huntington 3, Kinsman 1,
Stevens 1, Giudiugs 1—total 0; Actives, Root 1—to
tal 1. _
Wanted to Give Something.—Early yes
terday morning one of our substantial citizens
was seen earnestly enquiring where a subscrip
tion paper in aid of the Chicago sufferers was
to be found. So thoroughly were his sympa
thies aroused that he could hardly wait for an
opportunity to contribute something toward
the relief of the victims of tbe great conflagra
tion. Nor was he alone in this generous im
pulse, for all our citizeus telt like Dido of old,
Non ignara mati, rnheris succurrere disco.
«lI9CELLANEOlT9 NOTICES.
Card.
Loring Thurston’s Insurance Agency, No.
28 Exchange street.
To our Patrons:
We have direct information which warrants
us in saying that seven, at least, of our compa
nies stand sound and strong, viz:
Phenix, of New York.
Hanover, of New York.
Pacific, of San Francisco, branch office ai
New Yoi k.
Springfield, of Springfield, Mass.
Merchants’, of Providence, R. I.
Eastern, of Bangor.
National, of Bangor,
No definite-reports as to the amount lost by
the Security, of New York, Hide and Leather
of Boston and Providence, Washington, o
Providence, have been received, but it is hopec
tiiirt fVinie lnaaou tVinnrvty la*nn in
with other compauies, will leave them in con
ditions to meet all just demands.
We shall give our best services to the protec
tiou of our patrons, and trust we shall receivi
their continued confidence.
With the facilities we now have, we are pre
pared to place large lines of insurance in com
panics which we believe to be sound and relia
hie. Losing Thobbton,
Oct. 11,1871. 28 Exchange St.
__ 2t
We are glad to he assured that reports circu
l lated in town to-day derogatory to some of thi
leading Insurance Companies, aud amoiq
them the “Old -Etna," of Hartford, an
wholly without foundation,
i Messrs. Dow, Coffin Libby, Agents, at No
i 42 Exchange street, have telegrams lrom th
.rEtna, Home, Continental and Ins. Compan,
i ot North America, all of which stand firm.
r No reason to suppose other companies repre
seated by them are not equally so.
Chicago, nearly half burned up for the wan
3 of one ol tne Patent Fire Extinguishers in th
Planing,Mill where the fire commenced. Mil
owners aud others take warning aud buy a
1 Extinguisher at the agency, 14 Exchange S
8 _ ocl0th-2t
j Last sale of dry goods at 307 Cougress stree
a P. O. Bailey Co. will make their last sale
u of dry goods at store No. 307 Congress stree
e to-day, at 10 and 2 1-2 o'clock. They hav
many fine goods to dispose of, and we expei
j that they will give the ladies some fine ha:
:1 gains. ___
e Better Late than never.—If your teetl
are going, and you have not yet tried the Si
i- zodont, as a preservative, try it now. Abai
1 don all other Dentrifices aud give it a fa:
a chat ce; it is guaranteed to be as harmless s
e water.__ M&W
Save one profit by buying Men’s and Boy
1 Clothing of the manufacturers, Orin Hawke
Co., 292 Congress St
i- English Perfumes, fresh, sweet, delightfu
p at Whittier’s.
TELEGRAPH
THE DAILY PRESS.
The Fire,
7•
Full Particulars of its Ori
B qin and Progress I
c
Br Not Less than 500 People Burned
to Death
e _
a
a Loss of Property three Mun
dred Million Dollars l
9
3 The Fire Under Control.
3 Chicago, Oct. 10—Noon.—The fire coutin
3 ued to burn all last night on the north side,but
this morning is under control.
1 The iliMst of the Fire.
I It is literally true to say there is nothing re
l mainiug of that side from the river north to
Lincoln Park on the north, and from the north
branch ot the river on the west, to the lake on
the east. This portiou of the city, except along
the main river where there was business blocks
was occupied by dwellings. Two-thirds of the
1 population oi this district were Germans and
Scandinavians. These people are now liome
less. Some are in frame buildings on the
north-west section, and others are on the prai
rie without shelter.
Throughout the day yesterday a renewal ot
fires on the west side was looked for, and a
change of five degrees in that direction at any
would then have been no refuge for any. Ev
erybody bad their clothing packed ready to
start for tbe prairie at any moment, but God
averted tbis last possible additiou to our disas
ter.
At sundown tbe wind lulled, and at 3 o’clock
tbis morniog, rain so fervently prayed for,
came. It did not rain long, but tho roofs ol
houses and the ground have been wet so that
now it is possible to leave fires and cook food
lor the multitude.
A meeting ol citizens was held in the First
Congregational church in Washington street,
which was continued through the night. Meas
ures weie concerted to protect what property
was left, aDd to provide for tbe homeless.—
Richard and Charles Crame, of the North
western Manufacturing Co., have contrived a
plan which is being put into execution for pro
viding water in case of fire breaking oat at any
time. The machinery of their works is beiDg
used for that purpose, and their engine and
boilers ate being used for pumping water from
the river.
Special Police.
Fifteen hundred citizens were sworn in last
night as an extra police ferce, and the Secre
tary ot War authorized Gen. Sheridan to em
ploy all available troops tor guard, and issued
au order for 100,000 rations. Five hundred
soldiers are on duty.
Fiends ViKiieo walk Quick Piini«hineut.
Tbis precaution was uecessary; for as re
markable a* it may seem, there were fiends
wno still sought to extend the disaster. Two
fiends oaugbt in the act oi firing a house on
the west side were arrested and immediately
hUDg to lamp posts, one on 15th street, near
the river, and the other three miles away io
Claiborne Avenue, north side. Tbis summary
action has checked thieves and murderers.
Firemt-n from Abroad*
The arrival ot firemen and engines from Mil
waukee, St. Louis and other cities, has appar
ently restored confidence. The Cincinnati
train arrived this a. m. with four engines,three
Irom that city and one from Dayton. They
were s« veuteen hours on the way, having to
change their route twice, and then finally came
via Fequa and Logansport. There was an in
expressible pleasure in seeiDg these experienc
ed firemen go right to work in a business way
where work was mo9! needed. They are play
ing on coal piles to save whatever of fuel is
possible, and preventing lurcher spread of the
flames.
A lew business men with some nerve are
seeking houses for business on the west side.
Rooms that were reuted last week for $50,
now readily command $500. There are not
maDy of these, bat enough to allow a few busi
ness men a start.
The Newspapers
will be started in a tew days or weeks. James
Medill, of the Tribune, who is one ol tbe heav
iest sufferers, succeeded yesterday in leasing a
brick building on Washington street, at the
tunnel. He also purchased two single cylin
der presses used in a job office on tbe west side,
and lias telegraphed east for type and paper,
there being left here. Mr. Story,of tbe Times,
will erect a rough one story building and be
gin to issue that paper as soon as material can
be procured. Tbe Journal is provided for on
the west side. The Post, Republican aDd
Staats Zietung will arrange for business as
soon as practicable, but everything must come
How the Uouwlrn Lire.
Water for drinking and household use is se
cured from the lake and the parks, and for
horses from the river.
There are a thousand people camped about
artesian wells four miles out, and perhaps as
many more at the lake, and on Fullerton and
Victor avenues. Xear the prairte the people
are being fed in remaining churches and school
houses, in sheds and by the roadside. It was
cold and chilly this morning, causing great
suffering.
It is now clearing up, but instead of this
being welcome, the people are praying earnest
ly lor more rain, so fearful are they of a contin
uance of the flames. This is the Situation
Report of the Fire aud its Incidents
Meanwhile we give a report ot the Are and
its incidents, specially prepared lor Associated
Press by those who witnessed and fought flames
throughout.
The Origin of the Fire.
Late on Sunday eve a boy went into a stable
on Diskowen street, near the river on the West
side, to milk a cow, carrying with him a kero
sene lamp. This was kicked over by the cow,
and the burning fluid scattered among the
straw. This was the begining of the great
Are.
Haw it Spread.
A single extinguisher on the ground, or ac
tivity of police in tearing down one or two
shanties, would have prevented the spreading
ot flames, but the engineer was waited tor, and
when he arrived the fireman stupified by their
exertions at the first fire on Saturday night
worked slowly and clumsily, and th>ir efforts
were unavailing. The wind blew gales from
south-west, aud rapidly the flames shot from
house to house and board yard, until the district
burned the night before was reached.
Toe l.ale.
Meanwhile the flames had crossed the river
north of Twelfth street, on the south side, and
made for brick aud stone business blocks, rail
road depots, and manufacturing establishments
and the full extent of the danger was realized
for the first time. The fire dapaitment already
tired out, worked .liked heroes. Mayor and
City government that had rested, now began
to exert themselves, but the opportunity had
been lost. The time when a thorouggh organ
ization could have blown up buildings, or pre
pared for the emergency was neglected, and it
was now a fight lor life. The wiud blowing a
stiff gale, had possession of flames, and the
beautiful buildings, Chicago's glory, lay before
them.
Harrison, Van Bureu, Adams, Monroe and
Madison streets were soon reached the inter
weiving blocks, from the river to Dearborn
i street on the east, being consumed. Three
tourths of a mile of brick blocks were con
i sumed as if by magic.
Pntnl (Security.
It being Sunday, the proprietors and etn
ployees were at home utterly unconscious of
i what was transpiring. None who saw the
flames but supposed it was the remains of Sat
urday night’s fire, and having confidence in
the fire department were unconcerned; but
t between 11 and 12 o’clock a rumor got abroad
that the flrejwasin the busness portion of the
city.
1 The Peril Reulized.
1 Now the people commenced moving. Horses
were brought into requisition to take the pro
prietors and others to the conflagration. The
Board of Trade, Court House, Western Union
s Telegraph and Associated Press offices and
hundreds of other buildings were all in flames.
0 The air was filled with live coals which were
t hurled north and east. The fire engines were
powerless. All man oould do was to blow up
buildings, but this availed little. The Tribune,
Post, Kepublicao, Journal and other newspa
1 per offices, the Western News Co.’s blocks
Field Lietler’s establishment, Drake block,
recently built, and Farwell Co., were all soot
r in ashes.
9 Whole Blocks Vanish.
It seemed that no sooner had the flame!
struck a wall than it went directly througl
and iu a very few moments sufficed to destroy
the most elaborate built structure. The walli
melted and the bricks were consumed. Tht
1, wooden pavements took fire, making conttn
uous flames two miles by a mile wide. No hu*
man be!ftg could possibly survive many mil
nte8. Block after block fell and red Lot co
ahot higher and higher and spread farther au
farther till the north side of Lake street was
vast sheet of flames from the river.
Thousands of People Hemed in.
One time so hemed in were the people thi
it was expected that thousands must perish.
Tbe Sherman, Tremont and other hotels wei
emptied of their guests, those who coul
make for remaining bridges, others went t
the Lake shore and so south.
The Tribune Block.
Ouly one block in all that vast business sec
tion remaiued at daylight, viz: The Tribuu
Block. The custom House and Honors Bloel
in Dearborn street, had burned and those wh
fought the flames here thought at last that thi
block could be saved.
The patrolmeu under Samuel Medill swep
off the live coals and put out the flames in th
sidewalks,and another lot under Joseph Medil
watched roofs. At half past seven this ap
peared safe and most of the men went to ge
rest or food. A number went to sleep in th<
Tribune buildiDg. But there was a change o
wind and the flames reached Wabash anc
State streets and Michigan Aveune, and soot
the McVickers theatre caught fire. In a few
moments the Tribune was in flames and at the
last moment the sleeping men were arousec
and rescued. By 10 o’clock in the foreuooi
this remaining block was in ashes.
■V;ea aud Women I y for l.ife.
Front 50,000 to 75,000 men, women and chil
dren were now fleeing by every available street
and alley to the south and westward, attempt
ing to save their Jives.
Pive Hundred Burned to Death.
-uvxrijr veoicie was bmugbt into requisition
for the use of which enormous prices were
paid.
ibousands of persons and horses were inex
tricably commingled. Poor people of all col'
ors and shades and nationality, mad with ex
citement, struggled with each other to get
sway. It is estimated that 500 people were
burned to death.
Rumor* of a New File—Fiends Propote
to Destroy the Whole t iiy.
3.30 P. M.—Word is just brought that a
fierce fire is raging on 3'st street, two miles
south of the southern fire limit on south side
and a little less than that irom ihe limit on the
west side. This has been set on fire for the
purpose evidently of dest.oyiug the remainder
ol the city. It is largely occupied by wealthy
residents.
It is also known that two men caught in the
act ol firing buldings have been shot and two
others let ufl with ropes round their necks. As
the wind is blowing a perfect gale the end can
not be foretold.
Mecnnd Repart.
New Yobk, ti p. m.—A despatch from Gen.
Palmer, Vice President of the VV. U. Tele
graph Company elicitsjthe following reliable
response from Gen. Stager, Superintendent at
Chicago. A fire started in a small buildiug on
31st street, but was speedily put out. Incen
diaries are busy. Seven or eight have been
hung or shot at sight.
Terrible Scenes.
Hundred were trampled under foot, men
and women loaded with bundles and house
hold goods, to whose skirts were clinging ten
der infants, half dressed aud barefooted, were
ail seeking a place of salety. Hours alter
these might have been seen in vacant lets or
on the streets far in the suburbs stretched iu
the dust.
The I/O** of Fife.
11 is fearful to thiuk of the loss of life. It is
coujectured with good cause that nearly 500
have been burned to death. We saw four men
enter a burning building and in a moment
they were overwhelmed by a lalling wall.
There was a crowd of men arouud the Cou
ver building trying to save property when a
wall yelding, some weie buried beneath it.
Meu, women aud children rushed into the
building of the Historical Sooiety, a fire proof
buildiug for salety. Iu a few minutes the
flames burst upon them aud they were burned
to death. Among those who took refuge iu
this buildiug was the venerable Col. Samuel
Slone,80 years old, also J. H. Girard and wife
and Madame Depelgratne, a noted teacher of
music. It is feared that Dr. Tererara and fam
ily were also burned, as they were in the build
ing and have not been seen since.
Mrs. Edsall, whose husband was murdered
last week, and was suffering irom illness, was
oarried away for protection to a building which
was consumed, and it is feared that she
also perished.
All the books and papers of the Historical
Society, including the original copy of the ta
mous emancipation proclamation of President
Lincoln, for which the society paid $20,000
were destroyed.
It is feared a large number of children, in
mates of the Catholic orphan Society, on State
street, were also burned as many of them are
missing.
In Chicago Avenue a farther rushed upstairs
to carry three childiea away, when he was
overtaken by the flames and perished with
them. The mother was afterwards seen on the
streets a perfect maniac. In the same neigh
borhood a family of five persons perished. The
list of such fatalities are very long aud can only
he fully verrifled after the smoke is cleared.
Great Dealtluiisu.
There are hundreds ot families on the north
west side who saved uo clothing, but barely
their lines, among these are the family of Perry
Smith, formerly President of the Northwestern
Bail road Co.
The Lon ef Properly.
A careful survey of insurance to-day shows
there were written on profertv destroyed over
$200,000,000. Add another $100,000,000 and a
fair estimate can be reached ot the loos.
Plucky Mctchtnlo.
All the leading merchants who have been
seen express a determination to resume busji
ness at once. This includes heavy bouses,such
as John V. Farwell, Field Lieter Co., aud
Snrague Warner Co., E'arwell Co., aud
Field Lieter Co. saved from $300,000 to
$400,000 worth of goods. Both firms have al
ready established headquarters on the west
side.
A Graphic Deccriptian.g
The following reliable and graphic descrip
tion of the fi e is furnished by a gentleman
who pariicipated io the work of subduing the
flames. None but au eye witness cau form au
idea of the fire fiend as he revelled in palatial
buildings and warehouses ou the south side,
with the wind blowing a burricaue at times.—
It seemed but the work ol a moment lor fire to
enter south ends of buildings froutiug on Ban
dolph, Lake aud Water streets, and reappear
ing at the north doors and windows, belching
forth in fierce flames which often licked the
opposite buildings and then the flames issuing
forth from the buildings on both sides of the
street would unite and present a solid mass ot
fire completely filling the street from side to
side, and shooting upward a hundred feet into
the air above the housetops in their mad ca
reer. luus was suoci anci Bircci mica wuu
flames. Huge walla would fall without appar
ently giving any soun J in the roar of the tierce
flames.
Terrible Suff. ring.
All the reports indicate the most intense
sulb-ring of thousands ol people. They have
neither lood or shelter, nor the means of pro
curing e ther. Food is very scanty. There
ate eerious apprehensions lest this stite ol
things may lead to a general pillage on the real
of the city. A special session of the Legisla
ture will be called at once.
Will Rebuild.
At a meeting of business men, it was decid
ed to take measures to commence rebuilding
at once.
MAI MR.
Tbe Fuat Horse*.
[Special by Western Union Line
Lewiston, Oct. 10.—The races this afternooi
at tbe Riding Park were for horses that neve:
beat 2 40, (or a purse of $160 $50 to first, $21
to second, $15 to third. Butter Ball, Pbi
Sheridan and Bull of the Woods were entered
and the first prize was won by Butter Ball
time. 2.42 1-2, 2 40,2.42. Tbe next race was fo
a purse of $60. to horses that never heat 2 45
$35 to first, $15 to second, $10 to third. Th
contestants were Bella, Telegraph and Range
iy Boy. Telegraph won the first prize in thre
straight heats; time, 2.44,2.45, 2.45.
[To Associated Press.1
Aid for the Sufferer*.
Bangor, Oct. 10.—The calamity at Chicag
is almost the only subject of conversation her
and the deepest sympathy is felt for the suffer
era. Great relief was lelt at the aonounc*
ment that the fire had been stopped. Aid tc
the snfferers has already commenced to be set
lorw ard, the Masonic fraternity amoog other
having forwarded a check to their brethren i
Chicago. Mayor Dale will to morrow morr
lirg publish a call to our citizens to eontribul
to the relief of our devastated sister fit;
Tirere are many Bangor people settled in Ch
cago, and many more have friends there ft
whote condition the deepest solicitude is felt.
Fir*l Through Tra-u on the E. A- \J
Railroad.
The first train over the European Norl
American Railway from Bangor to St. Job
left here this morning, carrying the officials
the road, the Railroad Commissioners and
few invited guests. Airairgemeuts lor the ee
ebration at the formal opening ol the road c
the 18ih and 19th are nearly perfected, and tl
occasion will undoubtedly sm-pass in brilliant
anything ever belore seen in this section of tl
State at least. All the military of the Sta
will be present to do escort duty.
At the hour ot going to press, nothing hr
been heard of the elections in Ohio and Pen
sylvauia. The unparalled magnitude of tl
Chicago conflagration overshadows all otb
events, even those that have engrossed tl
public attention for months.;
l hiiwimm imn nr i linn
i* Wemhfr Report—Oct 10-l‘i p. w.
Wftr Pepiu 'itient, Signal Service U. S. Aimy, Di
vlfciou of Xelegiams and Keports for the benefit c
d Commerce.
a 4
x ■a
Placa S f
ot a I l I
z g S 3
0 observation. <y
6 S .2 S
1 S oo
0 Boston.30.06 60 S Cloudy
Cbeycnne.W.T. 29.56 37 SW Clear
Cleveland.30.00 48 SW Clear
Corinne. Utah..30.12 41 NE Clear
ludiauapolis... .30.10 47 SW Clear
5 Key West .29.94 79 E Fair
Montreal, C. E 29 80 62 SW Clcndy
Mt.Washington 3n.l7 44 W Cloudy
New 1 ondon .30 u7 05 S Cloudy
New Orleans. ...30.00 7t Calm Clear
1 New York.30.05 64 Ca m Cloudy
Norfolk.30.t'4 07 Cami 1 lire a'2
.29 97 44 W Clear
1 Pittsburg.30 06 67 NW Lt rain
Portland.30.04 58 SW C oudy
San Francisco. .30.08 65 K Clear
w'T-uah.3,104 71 Calm Fog
Washington 30.01 68 S Cleir
Wilmington....30.06 66 Calm Clear
Barometer corrected lor temperature and elevation
COMMKttC X A Li,
Foreign Export*.
ST. .JOHN, NB. Sch Florence—HoO bbls flour, 106
do oatmeal, 20 tons seed; seh Mary E Bliss—800 bbls
flour, 18 ions teed.
dallFiX, N. s Steamer Chase—2400 bbls of
flour, 265 ba-is malt, 25 hols, whsk. y, 20 do spirits,
145 d z brooms. 32 boxes cbeose, 8 rods leather, 14
cases sewing machines, 14 do hoots and shoes.
HAVaKa. Brig Merriwa—1250 bbls potatoes,
200o sbooks and heads, I7c0 cabbages, 20,000 feet ot
boards, 1250 boxes and 20 bbls. herring, 50 bdls hoops
72 drums fish, 41 bbls. beans, i0 pngs machinery. 72
UUI3 W'MI’IJ.
MONTEVIDEO, S. a. Bark Samuel E Hale—399,
14»It lumber, 26 bois. she pegs.
BaRkINGTON, NS. Scb Umpire—805 bbls. flour,
35 do aud 100 bags meal, 40 pkgs sundries.
Foreign Imports.
PONCE P. R. Brig George Harris—168 hbds. su
gar, 182 puncheons, 11 tcs molasses, 78 pcs fustic, to
Phinney Jackson.
Receipts by Railroads and Mtrambosls.
Gkand hTaui.'K Railway.—250 cans milk, 600
bbls. flour, 48 cars lumb r, 1 do pater, 3 do 1 »tbs, 4
ue heads, 1 uo shook, 1 do sheep, 9 do Dar 3 do po
3 £0 k-*y» 3 1,0 sundiies. Shipments East
600 bbls flour, 2 cars sunurirg.
Vk«JRal,Kailway-176 cases mdse, 60
bdls shovels, 12 do lamb?, 1 car sheep, 9 qrs beef, 8
sundries*™’i8 b°XeS aXc8> 34 ba,es eXcel«ior» 82 pkgs
steamer Montreal from Boston-6 cases of
sheet lead. 60 ools. sweet potatoes, 12 do bricks, 25
do pork, 26 keg* soda, 20 bdls shovels, 69 do papei, 20
pkgs lutniiure, 20 ernes aud 20 bales dome.* tics! 2o
bags coffee, 10 dressed bogs, 86 grcen hides, 10 hhds.
molasses, I dc liaius, 6 truuks, 2 cans, 2 horses, loO
pkgs to order. Foi Canada auu up coumry—16 bb«».
rP**J?,14^3 b'de!,> 1*® bales wool, 25 bags logwood,
ib b ils can skius, 7 pcs maroie, 200 boxes empty
c*us, 12 wheels, 62 bars iron, 1 carriage, 1 piano. 75
pkgs to order.
iVetr Work **mck nan Uaitev Market.
10“*,orw»w®*-~Gold is firmer at
Mu,‘ey 7 P^r cent. Sterling Excuange
ium Ho}. Stocks continue panicky aud active
1 he following are tue forenoon quotations of j>outn
ern states «ecarities:
Tennessee 6s, old. g5i
Tennessee 6s, new. 65
Virginia 6s, old...!.’!*.!! 68
Virginia6s, new.65
Missouri 6s... 94
Louisiana 6s, ne»i». 66
Louisiana Levee 6*s.70
aiaoa.ua8s.9^
Alabama 5s... ^9
Georgia 7’o.9o
North Carolina o’s, new. 21
South Carolma 6s. new.494
The lollowing were the quotations for Union Pa
cific securities:
Central raomc bonds. 1013
Union Pacific bonds. 971
Union Pacific stock. 22j
new York, Oct. 10—Evening.—Gold strong at
114} llIf; 7 per cent, to 1-16 per dav was paid fur
its u*e. clearances to-day $93,000,000. Foreign
Exchange at 10s* for long and lib} for short.
Money closed at 7 per cent, currency and Gold aud
a commission of par cent.
Governments heavy and lower closing feverish.
SlaU bonus dull and weak.
lhe lollowing are the closing quotations of Gov
ernment sec unties:
United Mates coupon 6’s, 1881.. 116J
Unitea States 5-2U’s 1862.114,
United stales 6-.U’e 1864. ...*ll4j|
United Stales 6-20*81866, old.....*. ...*.1141
United states 5-20’s Jan and Ju.y.113^
united states 6-20’s, 1867. H3I
United States 5-20’s, 1868.113|
United States 10-40s., coupon.110*
Currency 6’s..1
Stocks active with a fl ictuaiion of te 6 per cent.,
with a general tendency to improve, aud closed
steady at 1 (g 2 per cent, b.low the highest rates.
The lollowing ate the closing quotations o!
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 58
Pacific Man. *62
N. Central ana Hudson River consolidateJ... 87}
N X. Central Hudson River consolidated scrip. 88
262
Erie prefer red............. 57
Harieio.124
Harlem preferred.126
reading.107
Michigan central.110
Lake shore <Xc Michigan Southern.954
Illinois Central. 13.,
Cleveland Pittsburg. 118
Chicago North Western. 64
Chicago North Western preferred.. .67
Chicago Rock island...108i
Milwaukie st. Paul.57 J
HJ»oine»tic market*.
New York. Oct 10—Evening.—Cotton in good
export demand; sales b778 bales; Middling upla ds
19jo. Flour—sales 12,000 bbls.; State and Western
luc higher; superfiue 6 50 7 60; round hoop Ohio
7 20 7 75; extra Western 6 50 8 00; Southern—
sales extra 7 25 9 25. Wheat quiet at an advance
ot 1 2c, partly lost; sales 85,000 bush.; No. 2
Spring 1 57 1 60, Wint r Red Western 1 62 1 65;
White Michigan 172® 176. Corn—the advance 01
1 2c partly lost; saies 113 000 bush.; Mixed West
ern 77 78c, closing at 77 80c. Oats steady; sales
38,000 bush, at 53 54c for Western. Beefis dull._
Pork quiet; mess 13 70® 13 75. Lard qu.et; sa'es
at 92 102c. Butter dull. Whiskey steady; sales
Western nee 96c Bice quiet; Carolina 8 9c. Su
gar quiet; Cuba 9 @943 Coflee in lair reqlies; Rio
16® 184c, Molasses is dull. Naval Stores—Spiiits
Turpentine firm at 66® 67c; Rosin strong at 4 00
4 074 tor strained. Petroleum quiet; crude 144c; re
fl“cd 24 244c. Tallow firme- sales at 9 9 3-16c.
Freights to Liverpool lower; Wheat per steam, 84
lOd; do per sail 8d.
Cincinnati, Oct. 10—Pork uominally at 13 00.
card for November at 94c. Bulk meats strong at 62c
tor shoulders; sides 64c; clear rib .sides 6|c; c ear
sides 72c. Bacon strong: shoulders 7J; clear lib
sides 7|e; clear sides 8|c. Business was neglected.
Toledo, Oct. 10.—F our is dull and unchanged.
Wheat declined 2c; No. 1 White Wabash 1 54; No. 2 1
at 1 45; Amber Illinois 1 45; No. 2 Bed 1 444. Corn
in fair demand and advanced 2c; high Mixed 58c;
Yellow 59c. Oats steady; No. 2 272c.
Charleston, Oct. 10.—Cotton quiet; low Mid
dling 184c.
Savannah. Oct. 10.—Cotton irregular; low Mid
dling at 18f 182c.
Mobil*, Oct. 10.—Cotton quiet; Middling up
lands 182c.
CiKV/ usr bans. Oct. 10.—Cotton dull and heavy;
Middling uplands 182c.
Philadelphia Coal Market.
Philadelphia. Oct. 9.—The Anthracite Coal
trade for the past week has been without special
feature. The niarkpt rules quiet and in eurire ac
cordance with the spirit ot our weekly coal articles;
all excitement has passed away. The tonnage tor
the week was 515 796 tons, the largest ever known iu
the history ot the trade* Cornumer* are satisfied
that there will be uo °hort supply of coal, an 1 deal
ers do not anticipate any such excess of production
a-* will materially, it at all. depress prices. Conse
quently the market is steady. Ti e quo-eel prices of
coal at this port are unchanged from those ot last
week. The range at Port Richmond is from $5 00 to
5 75 ton. This price is high enough, and yet, prob
ably, is as low as It will be to the end ot the year.
The stocks of coal at all the principal shipping points
are light, but the supply is not short. There is a full
complement ot vessels here, which has kept freights
steady, and, all round, the several interests bear a
healthful tone.
The billowing were the prices ot Coal by the cargo
at Port Richmond lor the week eudiug Oct. 6,18.1:
Schuylkill redash. $5 50® $5 75; dodo white ash,
lump, $4 57; do do steam bo it, $4 75; do do broken,
5 00 5 25; do do egg. $5 25 15 P-0; do do stove,
5 25 5 50; do do chestnut, $2 75 3 90 do Shenan
doah steamboat $5; do broken auu egg, $5 26 5 50;
do stove 5 50; do chestnut $4.
Vereign Market*.
Liverpool, Oct. 10—10.30 a. M.—Cotton steady;
upianos CJU, uo vnuaus ll/U, IU,MUW
bales. Breadsrufls firmer. Tha receipt# ot Wheat
lor three days were 45,000 quarters, including 30,000
American.
London, Oct. 10—11.30 A. M.—Consols opened at
92$ tor money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20s, 1862, 92$; do 1865
old, 92}; do 1867 91$; U. S. 10-40s 89.
Paris, Oct. 10—A. M.—Rentes at 56t 27c.
LOfrDON, Oct. 10—1.30 P. M. U. 8. Bonds 92$ for
1868.
I Liverpool, Oct. 10—1.30 P. M Cotton closed
steady; sales 10,000 baits. Breadstuff's are quiet.—
Wheat Us 11* 5d. Coin 33s.
Freights.
Savannah, Oct. 6.—There arc now several ves
sel# ou the Perth for Liverpool, and are ta- iDg en
gagements at 9 1 Oil on uplands. One vessel has been
put up for Havre at1$. Lumber vessels to const
wise ports are scarce and in demand at gr-od offer
ings There is nothing offering Havre, Amsterdam
andBiemm. To Liverpool viaNew Yoik, through
per steam $d on uplands; Sea Islands Id. T Cuba
$8 9. Risawed l umber to Baltimore $7; to New
York and Sound port# $9;g$10;to Philadelphia
$8; to Bos'oo $10—$1 higher races paid on Timber.
New York per steam. }c lb ou uplands; Sea ls
I lands lc $plb; domestics $125 per bale; Rice $2;
Wool lc. To Bost >u per steam, }con uplands; lc on
i Sea Islands; through to Providence 85c on uplands.
Boston Stock List.
Sales at the Brokers’ Board, Oct. 10.
Vermont Central 1st mortgage Bonds. 86^
Michigan Cental Railroad. 117*
Portland.Saco Portsmouth Railroad. 134
Kastern Kauroau. i0y<
Union Pacific Railroad 27*
Laconia Manufacturing Co. 4*0
Pepperell Manufacturing Company. 66')
Franklin Company, Lewiston.. 115,
BUSINESS [NOTICES.
5 Kesan Soap, Turtle-oil Soap, SunRowei
3 Soap, Marshmallow Soap,Skin Soap, English
(very nice) Honey, Glycerine, Cocoa-nut, Crys
talt Palm, Oil, Ess. Boquet, Jockey Club, Rost
r Carbolic, Castile genuine, White and Red
I Erasive, Brown Windsor, old fashioned anc
8 good, Shaving, Military, Cashmere Boquet
II Cologne Soap, new and Sweet, Sand, Pumict
and Tar, Pellucid Glycerine, Vienna Boquet
e in fact Whittier has iu stock one hundred ant
thirty-four varieties of soaps of all prices frou
l~ five cents to two dollars a cake—and for al
r purposes, toilet, laundry, paint-cleaning
clothes-cleansing, Sanitary purposes and med
icinal nses.
k Whittier’s soap show case is worth an exam
ination, tor any one passing by.
j. Goods cheerfully shown wiihout urging t
a purchase._Whittier, Druggist.
.Tk»sb C. Robinson, Custom Tailor at Ori
11 Haw ken Co. 282 Cougress St., just receive
16 another new lot o. Goods which he is inakiu
y into Garments at fair prises. 2t
ie ___
>e Whittier’s candies have a reputation a
over the city. He keeps an assortment of th
nicest kinds: Southmayd’s Chocolate Creai
id Drops, Sonthmayd’s Caramels, Southmayd
i- Marshmallows, Southmayd’s Gum Drop
ie Southmayd’s Crystal Drops. Those Peppe
ir mint Drops of Whittier’s, “The •Id ladies’ d<
le light,” are delicious. All his candies are pur
The childreu patronize Whittier, and the litt
ones must have pure sweets. Whittier, Druj
gist, junction <>l Free and Cougress Sts.. »g'i
for Southnnvd's Celebrated Cun feet ior a
Try “Boston Bon-bons” (South mayd's.)
We see by reference to auction column thi
the flue brick block of tbree houses od the col
ner of Newbury aud Church streets, is to b
sold at auction to-day by Messrs. F. O. Baile
Co.
Whittikrs, junction Fne and Congresi
streets is too well knowu to the citizens o
Portland to require aev couimendatiou Iron
us. The personal attention of Mr. Whittier ii
always given to the wants of his patrons, “t
fair price and no advantage taken" is his moth
aud will lie strictly adhered to as long as h»
carries on the business, with which lor sever
year9 past he has been connected.
Toilet articles In great variety—all new
and desirable—at reasonable prices,} at Whit
tier’s.
New French Goods at Whittier’s.
German Cclooses, all sizes and prices, at
Whittier’s.
Sovthmayd’s “Cream Walnuts.”
Southmayd’s Bon Bons, new, nice, fresh.
A full liue—the largest iu the city, of toilet
soaps, English, French and American per*
fumes, Brushes—liair, tooth and nail—Toilet
powders, Toilet Cases—filled—Pocket Books,
Pomades, Oils and Creams for hair and toilet
use, at Whittier’s, juuction Free aud Congies;
Sts. _ J1 w
Get Briggs’ Corn and Buniou Remedied
ismuun i iiv a ■uiccesM.
Rkiggs’Allavantor cures Catarrh. tf..
Trv Briggs’ Throat aud Lung Healer, tf.
Losses of Leading B ire Insarnnee Com
panies.
The Hartford companies are reported to have
lost heavily, but ssy they can pay all their
losses.
The Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance
Company has a surplus sufficient to meet all
its risks at Chicago, and is not at all affected
by this fire.
The Narraganselt Insurance Company of
Provideooe did not have more than $35 000 ai
risk in Chicago, and tbe whole amount covered
by them in the bnrnt district is not over $25,000
in all.
The North American aud Franklin of Phila
delphia sustain losses to tbe ainuuut of $500,
000 each, but each company has a surplus ol
$3,000,000, so that their stability Is not weaken
ed.
Tbe National Company has risks to tbe
amount ol $500,000 in the city.
Tbe Traveller ascertains that the Boston
companies have the following risks in Chicago:
Boylston $13,000; City $15,000; Elliot $12500:
Firemen’s $35,000; Franklin $50,000; Howard
$27,5000; Neptune $60,000; Lawrence $12 500;
Merchants’ $10,000; Manufacturers’ (loss),
$135,000; Shoe Leather $25,000; Suflolk $23
000; Taemout, loss about $60,000; Washington
(risk) $25,000.
Tbe following companies had agents in Chi
cago:
Tbe Independent Insurance Company report
their liabilities at $850,000. Tbe extent of their
loss is not known.
The New England Com pany’s risks are about
$500,000.
Tbe Hide and Leather Insurauoe Company
say they are liable for $750,000.
The National Insurance Company say that
so far as ascertained of the extent ol the burn
ed district, their losses are $479,000.
Meetings In aid of the C'kicago Sufferer.
These were held yesterday all over the coun
try. A large meeting was held In Fanuel Hall,
Boston. Senators Sumner and Wilson, A.H.
Rice and othero spoke. A committee of col
lection was raised. Tbe Mayor of Chicago
was telegraphed to draw on Boston, for $100,000
at once.
Gov. Randolph has issued a proclamation
urging the people of New Jeisey to do their
utmost to aid tbe sufferers.
In Washington, collections were made in
every department. The excitement over the
iutellieence has not been so great since tbe
Presidential election.
The subscriptions at the meeting held in
New York, were on tbe most liberal scale,
quite a number subscribing $10,000, and many
$1000 each.
In 1a ttIBA AAA_1_U.. _!a_
large amounts are subscribed in Buflalo.
The X.OS9 of Grain bt the Fire.—The loss
oi grain by tbe fire at Chicago amounts to mil
lions of bushels. The amouut stored iu that
city on tbs last day of September, was 6,058,
560 bushels, and including tnat in transit, in
V9ssels, and in piivate stores, the amount was
probably not less than 8,000,000 bushels, worth
not far from 812,000,000. The depots are al
ways full of loaded cars on Sunday night, wait
ing to be moved eastward on Monday, and all
in the depots at this time was destroyed.
The amount of flour stored at Chicago, on
the first of October, was 20,360 barrels. This
was less than the usual quantity.
Col. Henry Yates of New Berlin, 111.,brother
of ex-Senator Yates committed suicide Wed
nesday night of last week, taking strychnine.
He was 35 years of age and served with dis
traction in the war. Dissipation was the
cause.
ENTERTAINMENTS."
JJtme HAL 1m, PORTLAN D.
Metropolitan Theatre I
Lessees Managers....J. C. Myers. J. H. Huntley.
Leader of Orch :stra —.F. A. Mullor.
LmI Week oi Miss Foamy Herring and
The Now York Company.
Bfnbiir
of J. H. HUNTLEY, on which occasion a Silver Cup
will be presented to the author of the best Conun
drum, to be read from the Btage, and the au lienee to
be the judges Conundrums to be presented at the
Box Offl e by 5 P. M., on Wednesday, the audience
to decide the bbst.
WEDNESDAY EVENING, October 11th,
The pertormanc^ wili commence with the beautiful
Drama in five acts of the
Little Bare to at!
AMKY, the Little Barefoot, FANNY HERRING
William Peace,.Mr J. H. Huniley.
Violin Solo, by Pro' F. A. Mailer.
To conclude with Reading ihe Conundrums.
^"Thursday evening Oct 12, Benefit for the Suf
ferers of hicago.
DfFriday Eveniug Benefit of Mr J. C. Myers.
MATINEE Saturday At'ernoon, at 2 1-2 o’clock;
Unc'e Tom’s Cabin. Childien admitted lor 15 cents.
Adults 25 c*>nts.
Prices of admission as usual. Box Office open on
every morning, at 10 A M.
For full paiticulars, «*e bills of the day.
oc lltd H. W. MAYNAftD. Ag’t.
Hutchintion Family 1
“TRIBE OF AHA.”
(FIVE MEMBERS.)
Asa B-, Lizzie C-. Abby. Fred and Dennett.
(Who sing some sacred pieces at the Methodist
Mass Convention,on the 10<h and 11th insts alter an
absencoot many years, will by request o( a number
ol our citixens, give one ot their popular concerts at
FLUENT HALL,
.-...ON....
WEDNESDAY EV’G, Oct. It.
Singing their new com positions, and several old fa
vorites of Faith, Friendship and Fraternity.
Tickets: Adults5> cts., Children 25 cts. To be had
at Stockbiidgr’g Music Store. Doors open at 7, to
commence at 8.
Th., IInf..hlnLnna -silt aI.a .Inn A., A1.a DanwIa'i
Course, Nov. 6. oc7id
M. L. A.
Twenty-Second Aunual Series
OF
ENTERTAIN MENT8,
Under the auspices ot the
Mercantile Library Associa’i
COMMENCING
At Chty Hall, Wednesday Evenica- Oct 2!
WITH A
NEW LECTURE
BY
John IS. Gongrh, Esq.
Subject “Will it Pay#’*
To be followed by
Rev, Henry Ward Beecher,
Hon Carl flehurz of IVo
Rev. K. H. Chnpiu,
Hon. Jauiea T. Fi»ld, of Bostoi
Rev. C. G Ames of alifornia,
Hon. Onvid A Wells of Washington,
Geo. W. Curtis Esq
gyConcert by the Ponl tud Bnul before eac
Lecture.
Tickets to the course, 81 50. For sale a' the u
ual places. M*#mbe<s ticKeis teach member bom
entitle*i to two) $1 00; to be obtained at I. U. Stocl
bridge’s music store, »56 Exchange street.
The gallery s-*ats will be reserve*! lot the course i
$100ta« h* The sale ot reserved seats wid con
mence at I. C. Stock bridge’s, 156 Exchange -stive
Saturday morning, Oct. 21st. at 9 o'clock. Evenii
tickets 50 cents. Doors opened at 6 12, lecture
7 1-2.
A Supplementary Course by Ladit
Will Commence
1 Wednesday, January 3rd.
The lollowtng have already been engaged:
S MRS. EMILY SHAW FOREMAN,
MISSS KATIE STANTO:
MRS. CELIA BURLEIGH,
MISS KATIE REfGNOLC
1 MRS. VICTORIA C. WOOD HULL,
e The pries of tickets to the .upp.ementary coo
n will b. announced a* aoon as tue auangeuieet* i
completed. Purcbaa-T. ol ticket* to the regu
a co *rse will be allowed a liberal discount in purch
I lug to tnis course.
COMMITTEE:
H. F. Furbish, c. E. Jose,
i- J C. l'r. OLCi', H.Ha*k
Wm. R. Wood, Henry Foj
J.Q.rwit.-
8 *0,'5-,ltCCJti
ENT ERT A1NM ENTS.
City Hill I Portland.
8 to-night.
J
The Great Mllitaiy Drama In 5 acre, entitled
TIE UNION SERGEANT'
—;oa the
Battle of Gettysburg.
By Post Bosworlli No. 2, O. A. K.
Admission 35 cuts; Reserved seats 30 cts. Re
served Seat* in Gallery for sale at J. F. Land's, cor
ner Exchange and Fe 'era st. sep30-d'd
Doors open at 7; commence at 8.
BENEFIT OF THE
Chicago Sufferers!
Fir»t Cuter let I n in cut ou the People**
Course.
The entire proceeds over the expen.%ea of the
(■rami Kurnabeo Concert,
Oa Mondii) Evening next,
will be placed in the hands of Mayor Kingsbury for
the reliel of the homeless and eunering fellow-crea
tures of Chicago.
The talent engaged for tide Concert are
Mb. II. C. BARNABEE, Mbs. J. W. WESTON,
I \haa Annri' uva v Uu iv wi t it’tvru
EUGENE F. JOHNSON, nud M«. H. M DOW.
Evening Tickets 50 cents. Course Tickets tl.flf.
For sale at the usual places,
ooll
Afternoon Dancing School.
MR. J. W. RAYMOND
Will commence his first farm tor
Juvenile Dancing,
LANCASXUH HALL,
On Saturday Afternoon, Oct. 7tb,
A. 9 1.3 o’clock
Terms |3 OO'each tor 12 Lessons and Ball. 1
He will also commence his first Term tor
Evening Banning,
Thursday Evening, Oct 12th.
Te-ni to consist ot Twelve Evenings, the las* 8lx
♦o b« assemb'l^s, with lull Ban«i, without extra
char re to pupils.
Terms, Gen;a’ Tickets $1; Ladies' rickets $2.
oct 5-dtd
Dancing Nchool.
Mr. A. J. LOCKE,
Will commence a school at
LANCASTER HALL l
ON
Tuesday Evening, Oct. 17th.
For Instructions in steps and figure*, in Onnln
Dances, Cotillon, Laucers’Quadrille, Ac. Term a to
consist ot twelve lessons.
TERMS:
Ladle*. 93.00 Gent*.93.00
odldt l
DANCING S
JUr. A.~R GEE,
Will open his Academy tor the Instruction lu.Ditto
ing ior young Lad'es, Masters a”d Mi.-e* on
Wednesday Oct, 18tfi, 1871
M3P. If., at
Army Navy Union Hall,
Formerly Brown’s ball cor. Coogress an l Browu at.
Music furnished by D. H CHANDLEU.
An evening class will be formed the same evening
at 8P. M.
r. o. rriram ir-a-uns wmi uu veil uu .w uuay»
Tuesdays and We<in«a ays, from 9 to 12 a. m.,-ud
Irom 2 to 5 p. m. For particulars aj p'v »i the Ball,
octlldlw
The Course of Six Lsotures
ZOOLOGY,
-BY
PROF. FTOW. S. J[OR
of bowdoiv college,
Will commence
On Thursday Evening:, Octobe;
-IN THE
Army and .Mary l niou Hall.
The remaining lectures will be given Oetob<
46,47, Now mber 3 and lO.
Tickets «or the Course, Two Dollars. A 1
number may be bad a* Geiri*h an I P^arso
Middle st. where subscribers are requested to
themselves
D >ors open at 7; Lectures commence at 8.
Lfctura anl Concert Sea
1871...187«.
A Grand Series of first-class Concerts and L«
are announced lor the coming season under ih
pices ot toe
Portland Army and Navy Union
AT CITY HALL.
unanimous vote ot rhe Society one-efghth
ot i he net proceeds o' th> course will oe donated to
the Maine General Hoepi al
The course wilt open Thuroday Evening No
vember 4f with a Oiand Vocal Rod lustra
mental Concert by the
Germania Band Orchestra
OS’ BOSXON;
AmUled by Mm. H. M. ttmiih
Grand C oncert ot the Season I
We have positively engaged
Madame PAREPA llOSA
AND
f ADELAIDE PHILLIPV.
Assisted by Mt Packard Tenoio; Mr Rud dphseii,
Basso. This Grand C-*Dcert will be under the direc
tion ef HtSKMANN K.OTZSCHMAL.
Third Concert by the
KREUTZEK €L(JB>t
Assisted by Miss NeMln Btrker, Mrs. G. M. Cum
mings and Ada Cary.
i uui iu uv.nyuui uj luo
Mendeksbon Quintets Club
Of Boston, (Twenty-third season.)
Assisted by Anna Granger D..w.
LECTURE#.
ANNA E. DI0KIN80N of Philadelphia.
Subject; ^Demagogues and WorsiDgaieu.”
Rev.W. L. Gage ot Hartford, t'orni
Subject: “Rasperor William a*.d bis Generals.”
HON. THOHAN FITCH,
(Late U. 8. Senator,)ot Nevada Subject: "Scalp*
and Qu tkers.”
BAM’L L. CLEMEN 3, (Sark Twain) ofN Y<
The tu'l Portland *<an<i will turuish music on tbe
evenings of the Lectures.
Season TiCKeis, admitting to the entire court* of
Lectures and Concerts, #9 00. tor sale everywhere.
Members’Tic nets I OO. (^a* h member being en*
titled io two) to beuhtii-.ed ol ihe Treasurer, D. P.
H. Lockhart. Evening ticke s to Con. eri- from 30:
to$l. The Gallery »eais will be reserved ‘or ’be
course at $1 each. Sale to commence Monday Ooi.
16th, at O. AT. Gilkcy Co.’s.
A Supplementary Co.use ot three popular Lecture#
on Natural History, by
PROF. G. I. MOH8E,
L will commence after the close ol the tegular course,
at Army aud Navy Union Half, rureouters o* r*|»
ul«r course tickets will ht admitted ai re^,UC€(,traI Vf*
Per order Committee— b'. G. Patterson.Tuoij J. Lit
k tie, A. I. Hodsdon. D. P. H. Lookhar J. D. Vi
liam*, Joseph A. Perry, aud C. K. Lomoard. o«ft,i
'"t
AUCTJLOlN SALriS
Special Auction Votice
THE STOCK OF
Dry Goods,
In 'Store 307 Congress St.
Mu«t be closed out this week, as ft* have other busl
h ness tor next week, auu our orders are no’ to re urn
a*iy g otis to New Yoik. The sale wl 1 continue at
i- to a. m. and 3 p. m., all the week until ah goods are
l gold.
oclOtd F. 0. BAILEY CO., Auctioneers.
Mew Brick Block of Three Houae*
i, at Auction.
S /"VX Wedu.Ml ly, Oct. mb, at 3 p in., we shall sell
KJ the substantial Brick B o a or three h >u«e* «*n
cornet of New our y and Chn cn streets, Uuisbed with
o modern improvements. Bath room, n t ana void
water, mavbli m»ntles, gas, ."lebago w iter, inside
blinds, walls eleg intlv tres oed. sl.ited root Eirti
house contains li rooms with arnp.e closets.
cellars
The houses ate located in the very cento* of the
city, convenient to busiuess and public buiMings.are
new-bull' in a substantial and workmanlike mau
J ner, conveniently arranged,are in evt-r* wj*
ble houses tor occupancy. 1 hoy will t*e Bold BgO
S liberal teims, w nn.fi will be made known at »a
F. O. Baa LEY A CO, Auctioneers.
K. ac. hunt.
Oooimission Merchant and Anotionaar
dMorlptioat »l
February ll, UH