gnr ftijmbiinm.
r:c5i iou mu of T«fiS«nir$TiSEsf
I
<ff f ICIAt JWBttOt Of IttW fflttftWH
wwy
_
It is said that many of the fire engines in I
San Fraucisco won't work. No wonder:
IHtLKAXM, OCTOBER 87, I8M.
NOTICE TO 81B8CKIBIRS.
Subscribers who do not receive their pa
per regularly will confer a favor on us by
■sending n writlemnalice to. th a t effec t*
Benefit of Miss Kitty Blanchard at the
.Academy of Music this evening.
"V
won't work,
they were made to plsy.
Dr. Liringstbhe has died so many times
these last few years that people are begin
ning to call him Dr. Dyingstone.
Farewell benefit of Miss Alice Dunning
and Mr. William Horace Lingard this eve
ning at the St.' Charles Theatre.
There is fen enormous apple crop in the
Northwestern States, and a very small one
in the Northeastern States.
It is sweet to hare friends yon can trust,
and convenient sometimes to have friends
who are not afraid to trust you.
Mrs. Hodge, wife of the defaulting pay
master, is said to be lying at the point of
death, from grief caused by her husband's
conduct.
J. Y. Gilmore, Eeu., of the New Iberia
Sugar-Bowl, a journal with mfite than two
thousand subscribers, is in the city, and will
remain here a few weeks.
Governor Wurmoth has granted leave of
absence to Charles Leaumont, Judge of the
Fifth District Court, for twelve days, com
mencing the twenty-fifth instant.
Carl Benson well aaya "Throw women
into the political arena and some of the
eat features of their moral auperiority will J
•be exposed to a rude and perilous test."
Madame Frost, a notorious woman of St.
Louis, is to transfer her blighting presence
to the Missouri penitentiary for two years
and six months. She has been leading sew
ing girls astray.
Messrs. Louis Stern A Brothers will sell I
this morning, at ten ,o clock* *t No. 16 Char-1
tree street, eight hundred cases boots, shoes
cress boots*' S' un ssewe on I
e I
Again we thank the ladies of the Louis-1
iana avenue church for a generous lunch, j
•sent Irom Lyceum Hall to the editorial
rooms of the Republican at a late hour last
night.
The President declines attending the re
union of the Society of the Army of the
Cumberland at Detroit, on the fifteenth and
sixteenth of November, in consequence oi
the pressure of official duties.
Hon. William P. Kellogg. United States
Senator, arrived in the city Wednesday, and
favored us with a brief visit last evening.
Mr. Kellogg will remain in New Orleans
till about the time Congress meets.
"There are not fifte^t women in Utah who
take the trouble to vote." Of course not.
The best way in the world to keep a woman
from doing a thing is just to let her know I
-the law allows it.
Hon. Frank Morey, one of the representa
tives of Louisiana in the national House of
Representatives, is now in the city, having
returned from the Shreveport convention
via Monroe.
Judge Hilton, of New York, has addressed
a letter to Connolly, stating that the present
park commissioners are expending one linn
dred and eighty-six thousand dollars less
per year than the old hoard.
Wasn't that old deacon rather compre
hensive when he sent round a messenger to
tell the congregation that "there will be no
Lord's day next Sabbath, as our pastor has I
gone to see his mother I"
Fond mother: "Come, here, my son, and
hand me that strap. It hurts m6 very much
to whip you." Young hopeful: "No, it don't
hurt- you half as much as it docs me. If it
/lid you wouldn't do it so olten, too, now
A meeting of the planters of St. Charles
parish has been called by the police jury,
to be held on Fritfay, November 3, for the
purpose of taking action on the Governor's
circular in regard to bnilding the levees in
that parish.
A f aro bank for females has been opened
in San Francisco, with a capital of $100,000
They call it a "Ladies' Social Club Room,"
and the gentlemanly and courteous proprie
tor was knocked down and dragged out of
it a few nights since.
The board of directors of the Peoples
Hank have recommended an increase of the
capital stock from two hundred tlionsand
dollars to three hundred thousand dollars
A meeting of the stockholders will be held
•on the twenty-eighth of November at eleven
o'clock, to vote upon the proposed amend
-«nent.
There are about three million eight bun
dred thousand head of cattle in Texas, one
fourth being beeves, one-fourth cows, and
■the other half yearlings and two-year-olds.
Seven hundred and fifty thousand calves
are raised and branded every year. All are
csised on the great Texas plains, which
cover an area of 15'2,000,000-aeres.
The London Times says: "If there be
cue temper more fatal than another to the
real prosperity of the people it is that of
looking to political change as the cure of
all ills. There are any number of poli
ticians now abroad who will undertake to
remedy all>poverty, crime, and disease at
one stroke, if we will but accept their par
ticular prescription." We may observe
that these gentlemen are not confined to
one side of the Atlantic.
The War Department weather map re
ports the thermometer yesterday akacn
ing at seven o'clock as 74 3 at New Or
leans, 71° at Galveston, CC at Shreveport,
69-' at Mobile, 67 3 at Yicksbnrg, 62 3
at Memphis, S9 3 at Cairo, 53 3 at St. Louis,
63 3 at Louisville, 64' at Cincinnati, 39- at
St. Paul. OtP at Pitisburg, 54° at New
York, 50° at Boston, 46 3 at Portland, and
.W- at Buffalo. It was cloudy at Galveston,
Vicksburg, Memphis, Cairo, St. Louis,
Nashville, Indianapolis, Chicago. Augusta,
Norfolk and New York; clear at Omaha
-and Leavenworth; fair at New Orleans,
.Mobile, Key West Jaoksonvilie, Savan
nah, Charleston, Pittsburg, Buffalo and
Boston; rainy at Portland and Louisville.
f'
I in the Northern Democratic papers, and
tt nww mug l e pumiftM tf ll PHIIW
era tic papers of the South as an election-1
eering dodge, which it is the interest ot
the public to denounce as a scandal for
several reasons.
In the first place, it is wholly unrelia
ble, and is Iherefo re_ca lcul a
South great damage, aa representing
a worse condition than she is. 2
In the second place, it is charged that
I &U this exaggerated indebtedness has been 1
created by the Bepublican parfy. which
is a wholesale falsehood, as we propose to
show in our own instance. I
The debt of Louisiana, which is falsely I
represented to be forty dive millions of I
dollars, is only about twenty-two millions I
five hundred and eighty-nine thousand 1
six hundred-and twenty-eight dollars, ac-
cording to the statement of the Auditor.
Of this amount the Democrats axe directly
responsible for the following amounts:
Bands loaned to property basks.......*4,333,933 3J
Bonds loaned to Opelousas Railroad
prior to 1361.......................
Bonds loaned to Jackson Railroad
prior to latt.......................
Bonds loaned to Vicksburg, Shreve
port aud Texas Bsilroail prior to
Bonds loaned to Bats^ Bongo, gross*
Tete aud Opelousas Railroad pr.or
to 1666.............................
Bonds issued to relievo the State
treasury, 13-',::.......................
Bonds issued to seminary fund. 1337
Bonds issued to tree schools, 1367.....
Bonds issued to Charity Hospital. 1*33
Bonds issued to Bashvill* and Bow
Orleans Railroad, 1337.............
Bonds issued to Mexican Gulf Rail
road, prior to 1844................
Beads issued to build levees, prior to
1866.....................
Bonds issued to repair levees. 1367____
Certificates of indebtedness issued iu
1866.................................
Amounts due for onndrv matters
occurring prior to 13f6?..........
Bonds issued to eover indebtedness
prior to 1866......
'Total indebtedness prior to j
630,000 O'
834,0*0 00
*33,000 00
160,*00 00
750^900 00
136,004 00
5*3,440 00
80,000 00
437,000 00
46,030 00
1 .oito.ono cn
1,000,060 bo
33,815 00
805 *13 61
997,300 09
ministration since it went into power in
*13,655,163 91
Leaving a balance of $9,934*446 50 to
be accounted for by the Bepublican ad
186?. Of this the account stands as fol
lows:
For building and rep
For building and rfpaUicg levee*..... $7,134,000 00
wbi*ii was of Democratic origin.. 3 ,ooo,coo oo
This showing saddles upon tl^e De
mocracy the responsibility for the greater
portion of the debt, and it entirely re
lieves the Republican party from any
blame tot running the State in debt, ex
oept for such work as building the levees,
which none ore so unpatriotic as to com
plain against
What can the Democrats show for the
money they expended? Where is the I
Vicksburg, Shreveport and Texas rail
road? Where is the Baton Ronge, Gross
Tete and Opelousas railroad? Where
were the free schools? Where is the
Nashville and New Orleans railroad?
Where is the Mexican Gulf railroad?
What security has the State against the
Opelousas railroads
It is Bat a pleasant duty to show up
this dismal array of delinquencies, but
the Democracy has provoked it by utter
ing the scandal against the State that she
debt than she is, and that
dtb tedness was created by the Re
P ubllcan P art are laboring under
troubles enough without having our em
barrossments
barrossments misrepresented to our dis
advantage for a selfish purpose, and that,
too, by the very parties who put them
npen the people.
The Democracy is the last party that
can refer 'la the finaddal condition of
Louisiana with satisfaction. It 6quan
dered the resources of the Statu while in
power, left the people without schools,
and now only survives because of the ig
norance which it left behind it.
CONSPIRACY AGAINST LAND TITLES IN
LOUISIANA.
Of course the Times objurgates wrath
I fully because the Republican has exposed
the flimsy and stupid wickedness of which
that paper has been guilty in assailing
the character of Messrs. Barnard and
Hyatt, the register and receiver at the
land office in New Orleans. The Times
can not argue a question any more ib^n
it con state facts. Were our contempo
rary better informed upon the topics
upon which it pretends to; descant, its
diatribes would lose all their flavor. There
have been editors who believed some
slight acquaintance with the subject mat
ters of their articles a necessary prelim
inary to their concoction; but the Times
gets on best when it knows nothing what
ever concerning the affairs abont which it
tries to thunder. Given an object of
attack, no matter what, it drives ahead,
"regardless". The deeper ajuLgioomief
its ignorance of the matter under its in
consideration, the ^better the festive
display of the Times brilliant pyrotech
nics. A false statement systematically
adhered to answers its purposes better
than a simple verity, when a sensation is
wished for. There is no use in denying
the figment. Because the Times bag told
the story once, it is bound to Iterate it
forever. If assured that it is mistaken in
its asseverations, it has "neither time nor
inclination for such work" as ascertaining
the truth or falsity of its deliberate asser
tions. For ignorant, reckless, unscrupu
lous, undignified and unrardonably silly
abuse, the Times bears the palm. We
were about to say that it had in the brute
creation an assinine prototype; but though
the abominable braying of the beast cor
responds tolerably with that of our con
temporary, we can not do such injury to
the quadruped as to intimate a likeness.
The Times assumes that the persons
whom, with customary politeness, it
designates as "land grablters," are acting
contrary to law. The assumption may be
worth something to the deluded few who
believe in the weathercock protestations
and averments of our contemporary. The
Times makes the assertion "without
citing the law." Of course it does. There
is no law to bring forward in defense of
its position. The Times acknowledges
that before it is fitted to defend its foolish
and criminal onslaught, a twelve months
study "of the voluminous nnd otom ai
land laws of the United States" will be
necessary. We believe that with ordi
narily sensible men so long a time wonld
not be absolutely requisite for the pur
pose, but we allow our' confreres the
privilege of measuring their own facility
the land laws, hijh officials of undoubted
ability and honesty. The Times deserves
congratulation. Doubtless the gentlemen
five knot
jasing ttKbem.
it of- fmictice,
matter of the acquisition of sound ia
t&mmm
The Time$is .foytun^te (?J^ however, in
I Hie asisftnle "getitlemSh srfersed 4n
1 Times' writers, and on second hand infor
mation they are willing to assail Messrs.
Barnard and Hyatt as unworthy officials,
I Pshaw! The paltry subterfuge to evade
I responsibility for denunciations that are
I palpably unworthy of notice is os weak
I as the original ignorant slander,
1 The Republican has no shadow of in
terest in the matters involved in the cases
bftve.no Jfttoc6si.ia.the watiet.
under consideration, whether as attorneys
or otherwise. At all events, the irksome
labor of investigation is spared to the
pending before the register and re*
ceiver. No one connected in any way
with the Republican Las a Cent to make
or lose in the whole business. We are
merely indignant that decent men should
be foully abased by the Times for merely
doing what their official daty requires.
The .register and receiver are compelled
to receive the applications complained of.
They are bound to notify parties holding
adverse claims to present their preten
sions. They are obliged to give a fair
hearing to both sides, and if either party
is dissatisfied with their ruling there is an
appeal to the Washington authorities.
We have nothing to do with the claims of
the parties on either side of the question,
but we see and proclaim that the coarse
of the Times toward the receiver and
register is unmanly and simply shame
ful.
DIRECT TRADE WITH EUROPE.
The information In regard to an imme
diate prospect of a large direct trade with
Europe, imparted to the meeting held at
the Cotton Exchange on Monday evening

cerUial y calculated to strengthen
the claims of New Orleans to become the
great shipping port for the products of
the Mississippi valley and the great West
It was stated at tha t meeting that twenty
five large steamships were already built
and in course of construction by different
companies, to ran between this city and
Europe in the grain trade. We know
that regular lines of steamships are al
ready established between this port and
Europe, embracing a number of first
class steamers. These have been run
ning successfully for some time. And
now we are told that twenty-five more are
to be placed specially in the grain trade.
Bread is necessary to feed the toiling mil
lions of Europe, and the deficit there
has to be made up from the vast
surplus of this country. The
great Y. est is becoming the granary of the
world, and. the foreign buyers of grain
were bound to find the most direct and
ON CARONDELET STREET.
Levee stock stands still. It has been
cheapest route where it can be purchased I inert or 80 tuaa T days as to lead to, the
and shipped to Europe. This thev have concluAion tha: a movement is not far off.
done and have determined to make New Th l? tock WM 1 aote<i as low 3 and
Orleans their shipping port Men of 13 f 8aiC9 a vibration betweea
r taese two poiats.
large commercial experience and enlight- Nothing doing ia other stocks,
ened views do not fail to see the immense The pressure ia money has weakened,
advantages that the Mississippi and its The banka drew on New York at V, dia.
tributaries confer upon New Orleans in I count,
the way of trade. These men have, no A prevailing dullness steeps all efforts for
donbt, figured out the cost cf bringing transactions with incompetent movement,
grain from the West to this city by the Operations in stools and paper are con
way of the river, and compared it with cI J a i 5enB?
the cost of taking it to New York by rail, D ale "T™! th pn e f 5S
hrrti.ir,- _r _ cunties are met only by counter questions,
by the way of Chicago, and found this but ao offeM H
can be made to be much the cheapest T he street is waiting for something to
route. It is but reasonable to suppose I turn up.
this is why they have concluded to run a I The course of sterling is unmarked with
large camber of steamships in the grain material variation.
trade between this city and ports .of Eu- I Cotton shows a temperament averse to
rope. What is a matter of economy and
business with them becomes a matter
of business and commercial prosperity
to New Orleans; nnd it behooves our
people to assist in establishing perma -1
nently this direct trade with Europe.
The project of establishing lines of iron
barges to give cheap and safe transporta
tioa to the immense grain trade that may I
be centered' here, should be followed up I
vigorously, and completed with the least I
possible delay. This will encourage the
direct trade between this city and
Europe that foreigners have in view, and
in which they have already invested 1
much capital in bnilding steamships.
Foreign capital will do this much toward
the work of establishing a direct trade
between this city and Europe, and sorely
the property holders and business men
here will not fail Jo give the small aid
asked for to make this trade permanent.
With the grain trade of 4he West fully
diverted this way, there would be con
stant arrivals and departures of European
steamships at this port The facilities of
travel would also be angmehted, and
much of European immigration attracted
here that now goes to New York and
other Northern cities, to make its way
West and South by a much more ex
pensive ronte.
All things 'conspire, just at this time
ifthrnrti!. a e
TT r C eaSl0n of the
p spec s of our city. We have
i in cur power to command the grain
trade of the West by simply establishing
for it a cheap means of transportation to
oar city, where it will be met by foreign
buyers and foreign ships to convey it to
Europe. By doing this and securing the
8
grain trade, we also secure a direct trade
with Europe that will be valuable to our
city in many respects. The profits from
immigration alonp might be considered
source of much value.
A SECTI0YAL DE^BATIC CONVENTION.
General Frank Blair is sound on one
question at least, and that is the impro- I
priety of excluding the South from any
part in the next Democratic National Con
vention. It is no particular business of
ours, we confess, what the Democrats do
in their own behalf, or how they proceed
to nominate their candidates; but as a
matter of general interest all men are
concerned in the character of the men
who may be nominated next year for the
Presidency. Every American citizen feels
an interest in the character of the nomi
nees that are to be selected to stand be
fore the world asTbe representative men
.elaifi theeUttoi the,- cofosatm. ea e aaa,
ie two grea^j^pons ^Wour
as Itepubl^^Mre dpM feel
degraded if 4hd HmocaAtie
date for the Presidency was selected from
mmg
»*JE.
crata would ever consent to accept of
Tweed's nominee as their candidate,
and: this is just what thesuggearion to ex
They are to be.asked in advance to with
They are to be.asked in advance to with
draw from the convention under an agree
ment to support the nominee, whoever he
may be, and the contract being concluded,
the Tammany ring then proposes to have
things their own way by logrolling off the
offices. It was attempted, before this
proposition was suggested, to make friends
for Governor Hoffman in the South, and
Several newspaper feelers were thrown
out, one in Atlanta, Georgia, another in
Montgomery, Alabama, and a third in
Shreveport, Louisiana; but the response
was not encouraging, and now we have
this new proposal which promises to se
cure by stratagem, what was denied to an
open bid. Tammany is determined to
control the next nomination, and its
greatest enemy is the South.
General Blair sees the danger, and at
once opposes it—not because he is par
ticularly in favor of the South, or of an
honest government, but because he knows
that Tammany is opposed to him. His
own selfish purposes do not affect the
main idea, however, that the Democratic
convention, to represent the South, must
be composed in part of Southern dele
gates. This is plain. Any bargain by
which the South is to decline any partici
pation in the convention will simply be a
transparent cheat that will impose upon
no one. Southern Democrats can only
withdraw after they have had an under
standing with the Northern Democrats
that they are to be consulted and coddled
after the victory is won. Such a bargain
will imply a thousand things that the
people will apprehend. Charges cf
treachery to both the North and Sooth
will multiply, and a general distrust will
prevail. Against this Blair protests, and
very sensibly. He wants to beat Tam
many out of the nominee, and every
honest man in the country ought to sym
pathise with him in his desire.
The Times talks about the "homestead
exemption law" of the United States.
Consult your stray copies of the
statutes, gentlemen, and "when found
make a note on'L" Such an enactment
does not happen to exist.
An occasional correspondent of the
New York World says President Grant
got the "cold shoulder" on his recent
trip to Boston. It will be safe to het that
correspondent is a Democrat.
retnaining much longer under the spell of
the last decline. Yesterday rates were
stiffer, though there was no actual let dotvn
As high as ten thousand bales were sold in
Liverpool, which news, and a photograph
of the feeling ia the market, produced here
considerable commotion among factors.
Buyers anticipate a rise to-day, which may
or may not be realized. Offerings in this last
I view are scant. Receipt! show well for
I thig season of the year, and the late dry
I weather has stilled the complaints about
8 ort cro P* wLigh rose in daily choras for
long time Iike th# wailing of frogs in
,wamp The 8ales made jesterdaj wcrc
1 f r the m09t Pan in 8t a11 lot8, 80 that il 19
quite difficult to read the future in ench
dim horoscope. ___
State anil City Assessments.
Hon. John Ray, ef Ouachita parish, has
lately been interviewing some of the Ad
ministrators of the city for the purpose of'
obtaining information concerning the prac
tical workings of the assessing and collect
ing system under the laws cow in force.
I He contemplates, we are told, early at
the next session of the Legislature, to pre
sent a new law, which aims at the simpiiii
cation of the whole tax system, consolidates
^e State and city assessors' offices into one,
®od also confides the collection ot the taxes
to wne officer
From wbdt could ather his object
soem to be to oust tli9 State tax collectors
d assessors, because the system
at present is too cumbersome and expensive
and all the work can be perlof med by one
8 et of officers with, perhaps, the assistance
of one or two extra clerks, at a nominal
salary.
The same course is to be pursued as re
S af d 8 the collection of licenses on profes
sion9 callinss ctc S ivm th Stat no
trouble e cep£ far 88 ma v be necessary
for the Auditor to tally and the Treasurer
to count, so that no mistakes may be made
for or against the State treasury.
The system proposed, we suspect, has not
many friends among the State officers,
whose comfortable offices would be suddenly
declared vacant should Mr. Ray's project
assume the shape of law. In a few days we
may be favored with a prospectus, and then
we may have more to say.
Several of the heaviest merchants of
Chicago have been in New York to confer
with the New York wholesalers, whom
they are to formally meet this week, to
form a basis of settlement. The New
Yorkers readily give them the best possible
terms.
According to the New York Mail, this is
the most unlucky month in the year. The
man or woman born in October will be poor
and unfaithful. Persons contemplating
being born will please take notice, and
govern themselves accordingly.
BBTr ORLEANS.
Store* fitted up with dispatch. Jobbingpromptly
attended: to. ulxMnir
NEWHALL,
mrr.rrrrrr
Has just received a new and complete stock ot
WALL PAPER and WINDOW SHADES. j
All work promptly executed by competent and
experienced workmen. eel5 1m *p
SMITH'S PULMONIC SIRUP
AND UFB TONIC.
Incomparable for Consumption, Catarrh, Asthma
Bronchitis. Laryngitis, Coughs, Colds,' Spitting of J
Blood, etc. May be given to an infant with benefit.
The LIFE TONIC, made from the same vegetable
product of our swamps, is naequaled for. Djapep
Poor Appetite, Female Irregularities, Low
Spirits, Debility, etc. With SMITH'S LIVER PILLS,
it isa splendid preventive of Chills, Malarial Fevers,
etc. The Sirup and Tonic may be taken together,
mixed, sad makes a delicious cordial, which it a
singularly effective blood purifier. Almost every
day furnishes new evidence of the triumph of this
new Louisiana remedy, for scrofulous .or blood
diseases
We give a long list of home references, embracing
some of the most distinguished families in thiscity.
We challenge investigation.
G. H. SMITH A CO.
No. *0 Baroune street.
Western Branch Depot, corner Waluut and Fourth
streets. Cincinnati, Ohio. oeiS Su TuTh lm *p
420,000 IN PREMIUMS.
FIFTH GRAND STATE FAIR
MECHANICS'
or yua
AND AGRICULTURAL
FAIR ASSOCIATION
CP LOUISIANA
ON THE FAIR GROUNDS,
IN THE CITY OF NSW ORLEANS,
November IS, 19, 90, 91, 99, 93, 94, 93
and 9«. 1S71.
Exhibitor* are invited from every lection of
America. Railroad*, steamship*, and other trans
portation line*, a* named in the Premium Cata
logue* (page* 10 and 11), will carry exhibitors to
and from the Fair at one-half the usual rate*.
The book* are now open for the entry of Machin
ery, Ware*, Merchandise, Stock, Agricultural Pro
duct*, Fnit*, Vegetable*, etc., at the office of the
Association, in the Mechanics' Institute.
For further information see Premium Catalogue,
which will be sent to any address free of charge.
LUTHER HOMES,
cc? Secretary and Treasurer. New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS SILVERWARE
MAN UFAC TORY.
Attention is particularly directed to my SILVIA
TABLE WARE, such as
SPOONS, FORKS. ETC.
Price* a* low a* at any Northern manufactory,
aud CHEAPER THAN IN ANT HOUSE IN NSW
ORLEANS. Quality aud style equal to asy. Fa',
guarantee* given tn all cases. Every description ot i
Medals. Badges, Military Belt-plates. Sword Mount
•a#*, etc., manufactured in the most artistic man
aer and at low price*.
A. HIHMEL, Proprietor,
d-4 Iris No. 1S6 Povdtas stroat
JO HA W. M.ADULS,
STATIONER.
LITHOGRAPHER, JOB PEIVTEE,
SXD
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER,
F3................Camp etreet...............
Executes all order* with prompt v.esz and die
petch. _ )»j9
_
I HE WILSON VICTORIOUS
At the Grea t Ohio State Fair.
THE NEW CNDER FE5B
WILSON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.
_ Unri-a'.eA for SIMPLICiTT, DURABILITY mail
BEAUTY. Eaeiest to learn anil ciana
terms of pi
than mac.:
Warran: _______ _____________
erel Noatiiera Agency, No. 189 Canal atreeff corner
Of Burgundy street. AGENTS WANTED.
H. H. TRUE A CO.,
eelB 8a Su k Tn It Agent*.
STATE NATIONAL BANE.
(Formerly Louis'ana State Bank.)
Samuel H. Kennedy, President; E. Rignev, Vice
President: Charles L. C. Dupnv, Cashier.
Capital, *500,000...................Limit, *1,000,000.
Foreign and Domestic Exchange bought and sold.
Collections made upon all points.
Gold deposits received. Gold check* for sale on
Bank of California, San Francisco. oclo lm ip
ORLEANS INFIRMARY.
149............Canal Street............149
Conducted by Drs. CHOPPIN, C. BEARD, D. W.
BKICKELL and J. D. BRUNS.
Postofflce Box No. 67
Dr. S. CHOPPIN—GENERAL SURGERY. Diseases
of ihe BLADDER, URETHRA sud RECTUM.
Dr. C. BEARD—Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
Dr. D. W. BRICKELL—Medical and Surgical Dis
eases of FEMALES.
Dr.^ DICKSON BRUNS—Diseases of the LUNGS,
Fare and accomme
HEART and THROAT.
The best NURSES provided,
dation FIRCT CLASS.
CONSULTATION HOURS from 9 A. M. to 4 P. M.
se34 lm 2 t>
REOPENING.
SEWING MACHINES—ALL KINDS.
The public have long desired the establishment
of a Msrt. where all kind* of Sewing Hachinea and
Sewing Machine Findings could be had: where they
cou .d see an d compare the workings of one machine
with another, and aeleet from the ditferent makes
the machine best suited to the use to which they
desired to appiy tt. To such a Mart we invite rot
•t 159 Canai street. Agents wanted.
T1022 trtf M. 8. KKDRICp. Genera! Agent.
UNITER STATES
INDEMNITY CLAIMS.
For losses of property sustained during the late
war, viz: Claims for value of-cottou, or other prop
erty taken or seized, stores and supplies takeu or
fttrnished the United States forces, uiieorifiVnied
Spanish claims to lands in Louisiana, bounty land
claims, etc.
The undersigned, properly accredited with the
Government Departments, has full facilities to ob
a prompt dispatch of tfiisluess therein and before the
Court of Claims aud special committees sitting in
Washington City. Claimants under Spanish elaimB
to lands iu Louisiana, titles and surveys entered
but not yet confirmed, and bounty land and home
stead claimants, will have their interest* promptly
attended to by applying to
MRS. if, EDMOXSTON,
United States Claim Agent,
Aft the office of Fred B. Earheart, Notary and
Attorney, No. 69 Canal street, New Orleans.
Refers to:
Avendano Brothers, No. 155 Common street.
Judge Louis Dent, Washington City.
Hon. S. Belden, Attorney General, Louisiana.
Hon. H. C. Dibble, Eighth District Court, New
Orleans, Louisiana.
Hon. B. F. Joubert, United States Assessor In
temal Revenue. New Orleans. oc3u 2p
DB. GEORGE 3. FRIEDRICHS,
DENTAL SURGEON,
IM St Charles Street, Ceraer Gtred
Street, one square above City M*)J
d»T3pSIy
MJMRNCElUUBAM
OF BBW ORLEANS,
OOce—No. ill Camp Street.
This Company insures against
FIRE. MARINE AND RIVER RISKS,
At the cnrreht rates of Premium.
a PETCHACD............................President
JOHN I. ADAMS....................Vice President,
LOl'IS BARNETT.........................Secretary.
M. L. NAVRA.
JOHN
J. C. 1
F. MALOCHE*,
DIX'ROS. F. K. BARNARD,
HBMRT PKYCHAUD
AFAYKTTE JKlKK
________
|«S^! BC0W)0ir
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF NEW ORLEANS,
Capital...............................8300,
Office corner of St. Andrew and Magazine streets,
up stain; entrance on St. Andrew street.
INSURES AGAINST LOSS OR DAMAGE BT FIR*
,,r AT LOWEST RATES.
ornqcas:
KASPAR ACCH, President; R03SRT JACKSON,
Vice President.
Louis Mathis, Secretary; John Purcell. Inspector
BiaacToas:
J. H. Keller,
wi
O. F. Theisman,
Louis Faessel,
Henry RUennatm,
Henry Bonsel, Jr..
Charles Kummel,
Christian Mehle,
B. H. Schene,
Philipp Drumm,
Henry Rice.
L. L. Lew,
Florence Piister,
J. F. Kranz,
Dr. W. B. wood.
August Bernard.
R. D-. Macliu,
John Henderson, Jr.,
J. M. G. Parker,
tola
MEDICAL.
HML F. B. ALBERS,
RESIDENCE NO. m ERATO STREET. I
ONct, No. 919 Tckoupltoulas Street.
Office honrs from 8 to 9 A.M., and from 6 to 3 f
M.: and 31 Canal street, from 1 to 3 o'clock.
de31y
ihEATMff—9A siiLU, No. u iMtiai/j..
AN street, sear Canal, will attend personally to
w th ose who may require hi* service* or ad-re.
Dr. Alien would inform hi* patient* that the Rub
her plate hereafter made will he from a new com
ee from poisonous ingredient* and twite
a* the Vermilion Rubber. Old plate*
ClVrjUCT iUilt *IN A lit A MkCENT iMPKGv*
O meat; replace* the use of the Bitter Sclphgti
Quinine, with which elf are familiar. Dorn for doe*
it is warranted folly equal in every way to Bitte
Quinine. and lik e it. I* the one
GREAT; rosrnvB AND unfailing curb
Fofan disease* of malar
FEVER AND AGUE,
NTO30TTENT
CHILL FI
I like it. I
iflrrrt
t of malarious origin.
FEVJK,
ICS FEVER
DUMB AOtll
■FEV ER.
fsvbe._
RiMMrmuT i
NtLUGCS
DUMB _
And the long train oI disorders following the*
when neglected._
SWEET QUININE
Is mad* solely from Penman Bark (so Is Bitter Qai
sine), taerefore is ef vegetable origin, and not
mineral poison, but. on the contrary, is proved to h*
•ns of the e l ement* found ia the blood of all health
SWEET QUININE
Acts as an antidote to. as well as a cure? for mala
rial or miasmatic poison, the absorption of whle?
by the lungs causes intermittent fevers, eto. Tk»
only advantage claimed for
SWEET QUININE
•var the urn of old Bitter Quinine U the entire ab
•enoe of that intense, persistent bitterness which
la the Utter, is an insurmountable obstacle to its
um with most persons, and always with children.
SWEET QUININE
I* in two forms—in powder for the use of physician,
and druggists, and fluid for us* in the family, u r
'or the genera' publia.
STEARNS. FARR k CO.
wylt Ifatmfaetuitag 0'»mi«-«. New vevV
i

.R AI LROADS.
JJEW ORLEANS, MOBILE
t J' i t
TEXAS RAI LROAD.
Change of Schedule.
On aud after TUESDAY. October 14. 1371 Pasaen
ger Trams a ill run as follows:
11 A. M. Day Express, arrixiug at Mobile at 5 P.
M., connecting with Tnrough Trains on Mobile
and Montgomery and Mobile and Ohio Rail
via Humboldt, without change; a'gn from Ten
*a* (near Mobile) to Lynchburg, via Blue Voun
tw& route.
3 p M Nobile Evening Expres*, arriving at Mo
bile at 9:30 P. M. This train and the 11 A. M.
Day Express will stop at all the »atermg place*
to receive and discharge passenger*.
for Donaldsonville wilitake the cars
at the Canal Street passenger depot at 7.-30 A. M.. or
the eteom ferry, foot of Ht. Joseph street, at 7-45
^""ovtlng with Passenger Trairi leaving the
other aide of the river, arriving at Donaldsonville
at lz M. Returning, leave Donaldsonville at 1 P.
JLarriving at New Orleans at about 5 P. M.
Through Freight Train* daily between New Or
p F 5r:^iv^ e d i 1 Mo'^ile s:rfv
Mxt daT. Through bills of lading signed for all
ef "irod itmiri** 1 d Wes at Fre i Office foot'
T.cket Office corner Camp and Common streets.
WILLIAM Bs DELL,
L _. _ A seat,
G. W. R. BATLEY.
Snperiuteudent.
U. G. SASBORX,
General Ticket Agent.
n J W. J. PHELPS.
ocl4 ly General Freight Agent
fJIO TUB TitAYBLIMU PIBUt.
NEW ORLEANS, JACKSON AND GREAT NORTH
ERN RAILROAD.
SPECIA L N OTICE.
I»*»««>«ers to all points
wi Uleave New Orleanefrom
the depot. Calliope street.
Sail and Paaaenger, leave Daily
(Sundays excepted), at............ »,15 M.
Magnolia Accommodation, Daily (Sun
ezeepted)at.................. fitOOP.M
i 1 1 le»Te Daily, at........ jljn p. m'
Night Express, arrive Daily, at........ 1 OrAS A. 5
Mfaf^oli* Accommodation, arrive Daily J
(Siuidaya excepted), at........... .11:90 A. M
Mail aud Paadenger, arrive Daily (Sun-
-^Tsexoept^i at .TT... 10:0(FP M
jjsTfffiiai.'" 11
checked from reeidenoe to destination
ueuah h tecured in Pullmau Palace. Care, as
Ticket! for sale at No. 32 Camp street corner of
SSTLTK
u. B. MOREY, General Ticket Agent,
a w Geut*! Railroad.
S. w. 8COTT, General Paaaenger Agent.
ap22
gPKCIALM OTlC foT
gPKCIALM OTlC foT
9*. l.oala, lroa Maantala
Railroad.
aau fiutkin
To
Paul, Kansas City, Leavenworth, St. Joseph,
A d wM Feints Nerth, East ud Went.
TWO EXPRESS^ TRAINS~leave the New Clean*
fort hern Railroad Deper
Jackson and Great Nortl____
aw QlZlJ? 1 7 A M n 'l 5 P- M.
AN EXPRESS TRAIN leaves the foot of Canal
For tickets apply to Wett
Ticket Agent New Orleana, ^Mkaon
2SSSTJB?afeSS3f» d
story Building, opposite City HoteL
X® BAST.........TO THE EAST
Via Leolsville and Okie and Mlasiateppl
_ Railway.
read°»d 5, tb« 0 ^?iV?S Loui v,,1 Division of th:.
teaT*L^ike. e thu tS^ d eqUlp ent fer P—W j
■KMT ROUTE TO CINCINNATI,
am
I1L POINTS EAST AND NOBTHXA8T..
THRKE THROUGH TRAINS DAILY,
with direct connections from the south far Ola
_ clanatl
WITHOUT CHANGE OF CARA
aH? TO" Mciiet* via Loulsrtll* and tta
^ticket.ffiree^ the Sonfh, SSafa 1 'faJol^ete
to* and Willard Hotel*.
*82Uft
'j*ifS 3 wSS 2 atu u
General Superintendent. St Louis.
fy* atemnStoXthS^UalavtUa
I
I
MISCELLANEOUS.
ALLACE 4c CHOPPIN.
(ananas l. caoppix.
W1LI.US WALIACa.)
■W at Miir T uirnfimiiim t,
Peters street, hatvreea ThallaaU neater.
Between Tcheaplienlas sal Peters.
machinery and gin stands are new. with »n
ot turn
.ffiSjjS&i Q A -w*
TYe gia far the seed, and guarantee satisfaction.
Highest market price Always paid for seed cotton.
REFERENCES:
t Fewman k Co., a. H. Peale k Co.,
Hugh Allison k Co.,
®««Wt It LeSaamer,
Sam'staffbni k Co., _^£i^"Sr ktCo
Orders left at the ginnery, or at our office No, 14
Union street, wiU meet wish prompt attention.
^JMARLES O. SCHULZE,
Ne. M Gravter Street, New Orleaam
Post office Box 1133.
Stereotype ud Eleetretyplag,
Soal Press Engraving, Die Slaking, Stencil Cutting.
P*"*^ 11 .Agency for the beat Cord and CanSR
mg stamp*; Red, Rlack and Blue Ink, Ribbons 1st
Bead Stomps, Stencil Pistes, ete. First premium
for best Stereotype Piste at last Fair. tali
pORSVTH' UNITED STATES-
STANDARD SCALES.
The Strongest Settle Made.
Every scale warranted, in every respect; *59 var
ties, adopted tv every branch or business
For price list, or any information, address
FOlWTTH. ELLISON It £Q..
No. 34 Tcho up! tools* street. Now Orieaca.
sel*eod3m
•GAS.
GAS.

I T,,e he*t and cheapest gas in the city can be had
by applying at No. 53 Camp street, to
W. B. BOWMAN.
_ Agent Fairbanks' Seale and Cotton Beams
Fairbanks k Co. are the authorized agents for
furnfahiugali the the customhouses, pest offices,
and all public building* connected with the United
wltl> realee, which is satisfactory evidence
that they are the standard for the United Stated
^Jjhcrn Agency at No. 53 Camp street.
u 3m _ W. B. BOWMAN. Agent.
ORLEANS U9N9ERTATDRT OF
MUSIC.
•O..............Hurrere Street..............gg
This conservatory iaeondneted after the plan ef
the conservatories of Europe. v
For particulars, circular*, and any desired in
iana, or perrecallyst the Conservatory.
B /HBliPlILUa MMAC, President.
RsrMSXCM-BUhop J. C. Kenner; Rev. JL P.
Dixon; Rev._H. J. Tayfor; Rev. J. B. A. Ahrens; W.
£°l ter fromEacv^Foster ART. Merrieki
C. T. Bemiss. Rso.; Dr. William H. Holcombe;
J£7irel*J6> President Hew Orleans National
Ellison, Esq., President Louii
iftanesasa/ffi;
•TH-t cwrearecMb B«w UTIWHIS KltiOtiSl
BllUon, Km,, President Louisiana
Equitable Ihfa Lmureitee duunany; Lloyd R. Cole
man. Ksq.. President Mechanics' and Traders' In
surance Company; W. M. Pinckard, Isq. Jacob
Hasaingwr, Eso.; R. M. Luther, >*q.; F. Boeder
Esq.. Superintendent; George Foenter, Esq. Edi
tor German Gazette, etc.
boahe or niTmrcTioN.
Mr. Theophilua Masac, professor of historr ate
philosophy of music; Mr. Charles Van Hdffiea.
professor of vocal music; Miss Carolina Zeiss, pn>l£
sor of vocal music; Mr. Edward F. GroeneveU. m.
lessor of theory and the piano forte; Mis* Mslani*
May, professc« of the piano forte; Mis* Eamis
Lemoine, professor of the piano forte; Mr. Ufa
■o -Mian, professor of fiuto; Mr. Hermann Rina,
professor of orch-stral ifistrumenta
efficient number of assistant teachers.
au26 ly
PELICAN FERTILIZER.
4
THS NEW ORLEANS SANITART AND FIITILIL
ING COMF4NT,
No. 19 Ustei Street, Up Stain,
Have now ready for delivery their superior FER
TILIZING COMPOUND, in' quantities to suit pup
chasers. Certificates from well-known citizens
characterize it as superior to Peruvian ugano,
while it i* told at less than half the price, and
r Circular.
has no disagreeable odor. 8 end for
Fsiaa ef oar Pelioaa No, I.
-M«s
Price of oar Pelican No. ...........go per tea
Terms—Cash, or approved city acceptance, psr
ab.e December 1, 18H,
Alee, BARTH CLOSETS and COMMODES for sale,
E*"*P'w* to be eeen and orders taken at the oBoe.
WILDING
Th,s ia a hard, oompac t paper, like ss
ordinary book cover, and Is saturated with
tar and need on the outside of frame build
ings under the clapboards, alee under thin*
to keep eut damp and celd.
and floors, to
v** omtz age

PAPER.
instead of Plastering, and make* a w
Ana cheap walL It net* only from A i to B>
(according to Site) to-cover'house* oa th*
on tilde. Sample* and descriptive cireslam
•ent free. f.
Address, Bock River Comg ma^r. ChjcagS,
mb*
93,96,97 Camp afreet. New Orleans.
General Agents for the Southern statea
The New Orleoaa Hidre^arhe* Guo
I Th» company haa just completed A series ot
I ici^ntiiic (•TBPrimpnta in tTira neralm.tUr tv# Dr4m.
scientific experiments in the production ot Ufiio
Carbon Gaa by Eloper's patent*,'' and can sfriuflj
recommend these machines aa the simplest,
cheapest and most substantial gaa machines ever
offered to the public, producing a gas five timtl
the illuminating power of city gaa, and at a mock
MK (ML For churches, hall*. angfcr-hohiA End
country towns this machine can not be surpassed.
Orders for machines left at the cempa&y's office,
No. 5 Carondelet street. New Orleans, or with
Messrs. Jockush k Co., bankers, Galveston, Texaa
will meet with prompt attention.
J. M. WAGNER, President
JOHN C0MMU5Y, Superintendent
Hinbt Stirs. Secretary and Treasurer.
Factory, No. 309 Rampart street. au4 fim
SMIONDS dk
No*.'19 Carnal, 9 Cram
CO.,
ii and 4 Frail
No*.'19 Carnal, 9 Cram
ii and 4 Frail
dsaleks tg
HARDWARE,
IRON AMO SHIP CHANDLERY.
Nails and Castings, Hoop, Sheet and Bar Iron.
Manila and Tarred Cordage, Sail Duck, Plow*.
Shovels and Spades, Sheet Copper and ac,
Anchor* and Chains, Axes and Hues, Lead Pip*
and Sheet Lead, Paints and Oils, Blocks and Oam.
INDIA RUBBER BELTING,
Hose. Packing, and all supplies necessary for
Railroads, Steamships, Plantations, etc.
Agents for the new patent
"Self.Lubricating Packiag."
COPPER, TIN, SHEET IRON AND GAS WORKERS.
_ g<*p5 It
WE ARE NOW PREPARED. BETTER
V V than ever, to supply the best qualities ot
AMERICAN AND FOREIGN ALB AND PORTER.
We respectfu lv solicit orders from famHiea,
IfomowelBg satisfaction, at the JM price. »1 25
per dozen. Delivered tree to alLnBrrs of the city.
Send your order* to T. L HAHiwON, Agent.
No. 41 Natchez street, between Camp and Maga
*ine streets. _ ai l
c.
HUNT Be CO.,
MACHINERY DEPOT.
No. ISS Grarler Street. New Orleaea.
Manufacturers' Agent* for
I. CARVER COMPANTS CELEBRATED C0T7CI
GINS AND LINTBR8. T
t ARE'S STEAM PUMPS,
Of all kinds. j(
Boston Msebine Company*! Bngine*; Pc.-Uba.
and Stationary Boilers: the Baxter Portaate 2
gtoeffi Schaffer k BudenhergStedm Gauge*; Coffit®
steam, Water and Gaa Valves, Hydrants and Wat,
Metres; Sturtevant's Pressure and Fan Blowe
Exhaust'and Dryer Fane; Bermnante Automait
Boiler Feed Regulator and Low Water Alai.,
Drake's, Evart't and Low's Automatic and Hf"
Feed Shingle Machines; Clark's Linen Hose, H
Pipes. Couplings, etc.; New York Tap and Die C
£"7*5 *«»w Flatee, Tape, Die*, Reamers, *fi.
United State* Standard Nut Company's F:nii
and Unfinished Nut* and Bolts; J. W. Mixt-
Co.'s Saw Qummers, Upset* and Mill Picks; Sel
Steam Packing; Plymouth Mill* Rivets; the r
▼i*e. e
Plantation, Draining, Cotton, Iron, Wood-'
tog a nd all kinds of Machinery, Belting, Shri®
and Pulley*, on Land,or will m furnished et r
notice, at Manufacturers' Prices.
Ia23 8a 8u Tuly itit 1
J^ADIE.te, ATTENTION 1 x
The undersigned respectfully ealia the at 1
ot the ladies of this city and vicinity to th v
riot facilities of her factory, and the rea^'
terms for work of all kina tn HAIR, a tic)
dies' Curia, Braids, Waterfall*. Chignons, F
everything belonging to e lady's toilet,
promptly and faithfully executed on tb
terms. MRS. ANNA SAB
oclo lm No. 14 B aro one street, nes