Ci)t Worttsttf
PUBLISHED EVERY MORNING.
(SUNDAY EXCePTEO,)
t RS per year, IT puid strictly la advance.
Otl«erwiae> 7 5 UeiHt per Month.
.Spp,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
13 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At sk’i per Annum.
J D. 16ALDWIN A CO,, Proprietors.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
Worcester Clailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
Suite Guard meeting tonight.
There will be a dance at Turn halle this eve
ning.
The journeyman tailors had a large and pleas
ant social gathering at Lincoln hall, last eve
ning.
All ladies interested in woman suffrage are
invited to meet at the house of Mrs. John Mar
ble, No. 38 Harvard street, on Saturday, Dec. 2,
1871, at 2) o'clock p. m.
The fifth annual ball of Niagara hose com
pany will take place at Horticultural hall this
evening. The boys have a good reputation for
getting up dances and will endeavor to maintain
it to-night.
Mr. Utley, at the oyster establishment, No. 26
Foster street, is prepared as usual to meet all
Tbankgiving demands with bivalves fresh from
the beds at New Haven, New York, Providence
and Baltimore.
The temperance lecture advertised for Friiluy
evening, to be given by Wendell Phillips, is the
last of the free temperance course given last
winter. Mr. Phillips failed to come at the time
appointed then, and will now fulfill the engage
ment by one of his best eifurts in the cause.
Fur-bearing animals from all quarters of the
globe contribute to Kendall MeClennen's ex
tensive stock of lur goods in all the latest pat
terns; and such weather as we had yesterday
tended to increase the number of “fur bearers;'*
or, at least, those willing to beat furs. The
stock includes plenty of “bear furs '—grizzly,
brown and black; and also sable, suit and
warm.
Major Burnham Wardwcll, late of Virginia,
lectured Monday night, at Temperance hall,
Foster street,|to quite a large audience. His sub
ject. was the condition of the colored people in
the slave states before, during and since the late
rebellion. Mr. W. lias live I twenty years in
Virginia, was for two years a prisoner during
the war, and was one of the jury that found a
true bill against Jefferson Davis for treason. He
is well recommended by some of our leading mili
tary, political and religious men.
The clear, crisp, cold weather of yesterday
morning, induced the mercury in ambitious
thermometers to start on a trip towards zeio.
One man, who lives on Grafton street, says that
one above was the point leached by his ther
mometer; but In accepting the statement, the
fact should be borne in mind that he is a dealer
in ice. People in walks of life less chilly do
not claim to have noted a point lower than
seven or eight above. It was coll though;
biting cold, all day long.
Municipal Court.—The case of Geo. Con
nor, lor keeping a gaming house, came up yes
terday morning, and the judge took a hand
with him, which cost George SIOO. Joseph
Oliver, charged with making an assault with a
dangerous weapon, was bourn I over to the su
perior court in the sum of $300; Sarah Tales,
drunkenness, six months in the. house of cor
rection; Michael McKeon, breaking glass, $lO
and costs; Patrick Boyle, drunkenness, $3 and
costs; Michael McKeon, drunkenness, $5 and
costs; James Hannan and Thomas Powers,
drunkenness, $2 and costs each. McK ’On, Han
nan and Powers were committed to jail on non
payment.
Still Another Fatal Railroad Acci
dent.—Rev. J. S. Burke, a Catholic priest, was
struck on the bead by a freight train on the
Boston and Albany railroad, about half past
eleven o'clock hist night. His skull was broken,
allowing his brain to protrude, ami rendering
him entirely senseless. He was found by Of
ficers Foster and Eaton, ami by them conveyed
to the city hospital. Drs. Kelley, Rice and Park
attended him, but at hist accounts there was no
possible chance for his recovery. It is said that
he was educated in Worcester, where h has
friends now living, and that he has been resid
ing at Clinton. A bottle of whiskey was found
upon him, which furnishes the only clue to the
cause of the accident.
A Turkey for the Poor.—Last year, while
several benevolent citizens were thinking thank
ful thoughts a few days before Thanksgiving,
they were moved by the kindness of their hearts
to buy a turkey and send to some destitute fel
low' citizen, or to the table of the widow ami the
fatherless, that the same thankfulness might be
awakened among the needy as is so universal
on this day of all the year among those
whose wants aie well supplied. The task of
delivering the turkeys was taken by members
of the police force, and the gratitude expressed
by the remembered ones was ample payment
for the trouble. The same opportunity to ex
ercise the blessed piivilege of giving now pre
sents itself again. The police know who the
destitute families—not able to enjoy such lux
uries—are, and if individuals or firms wishing
to contribute, will leave the turkeys at the police
station, the marshal will see that the needy ones
are made happy according to the number
brought in. Last year sixty turkeys were dis
tributed to poor families from the police office*
The Smallest Engine in the World.—
The maker of a miniature engine shown ns last
evening claims for himself and our city the
honor of producing the smallest engine in the
world. However great that honor may be, the
engine is surely a wondcrlulb 7 small piece of
mechanism. It is made of gold and silver, and
fastened together with screws, the largest of
which is one-eightieth of an inch in size. The
engine, boiler, governor and pumps, stand in a
space seven-sixteenths of an inch square, and are
five-eighths of an inch high. Perhaps a better
idea of its smallness will be conveyed by saying
that the whole affair may be completely covered
with acommon tailor’s thimble. The vnume alone
weighs but fifteen grains, and yet every part is
complete, as may be seen by a microscopic exami
nation; and it may beset in motion by tilling the
boiler with water and applying heat, being sup
plied with all valves, &c., to be found upon an
ordinary upright engine. To attempt an esti
mate of its power would seem like rather small
business, but, lor a guess, our opinion is that a
span of well-fed fleas would furnish more force
if they were properly harnessed and shod. The
little thing would tug away several minutes if
encouraged by a drop of water healed by the ap
plication of a burnt finger. Mr. D. A. A. Buck,
the jeweller at No. 8 Front street, built it ami
will show it to anybody whose eyes are good.
COUNTY NEWS.
A young man named Henry Parker fell from
a roof which he was slating in Athol, Monday
afternoon, a distance of forty feet, to the ground.
He had several ribs broken ami was otherwise
seriously if not fatally injured about the head.
The staging broke upon which he and another
workman were standing; but the other man
saved himself by catching hold on a window
sill on his way down.
Pearl Fishing in the Gulf of Califor
nia. —Pearl fishing is still on m the
gulf, with varying success. 1 was informed bj
a German merchant of this place, who is en
gaged in purchasing the pearls for the European
market, that the yield for the year 1868 amount
ed to $40,000. To procure the oyster, the prim
itive mode of diving by the native Mexican In
dians is still used. Doubtless a greater suc
cess would attend the use of the diving or tire Ig
ing apparatus, either of which might be used in
deeper water than could be reached by the ordi
nary method of diving. Hie shell which pro
duces the rich purple dye that was so much
sought after by the. ancient Mexicans for col
oring their fabrics, is found clinging to the
rocks in many localities on this coast, and
I also found it in the island of Socorro, which is
situated about 2110 miles west of Cape Con ientes.
1 have seen the Indians collecting this dye in the
bav of Banderas, below San Blas, Irom the shells
as they dung to the rocks. After the shell is de
tached from the rock, the substance is ejected bv
the animal, and caught in small cups by the col
lector. This beautiful purple dye is held m high
estimation by the Zapotaco Indians ol Tehuan
tepec, for coloring the cotton cloth of their own
manufacture. Six yards of their own cotton
fabric—which is woven on a small, native hand
loom, and is just enough for a single skirt for a
woman-sells when timed with this peculiar
jive, for sl6 or s2o.— Overland Monthly.
Pomster Ol £l;uln spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 283.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
VO THE WORCEIiTER DAILY IPY
FROM EUROPE.
France.
EXECUTION of communists—excitement in
PA RiS.
Paris, Nov. 28.—Up to a late hour last night
there was much agitation over the expected fate
of Rossel and other leaders of the commune.
Extraordinary influences have been brought to
bear on the commission of pardons, and the
most affecting appeals have been made to the
president of the republic. The decision of the
former was secret, and it was well known that
Thiers was visibly affected at au interview with
Rossel’s father, so that this morning it was
still doubtful whether Rossel would undergo
ihe extreme penalty, ami his friends were hope
ful of a commutation, but all doubts were soon
dispelled by a dispatch from Versailles officially
announcing that the execution had taken place,
and Rossel and two ot his companions had been
shot.
I he following are the particulars of the execu
tion ot Rossel and his companions: At 6 o’clock
this morning, the piisoners Rossel, Ferre and
Bourgeois were taken from their cells and
brought to Camp Satory, thence were escorted
by a large force to the place fixed upon for
their execution. On ai riving there a hollow
square was formed by the troops, at one end of
which the prisoners were placed. The behavior
of the three men was most courageous. When
the soldiers approached to blindfold them Ferre
refused to allow the bandage to be placed over
bis eyes, declaring that he should look his execu
tioners in the face. When all the preparations
were completed, at seven o’clock, the company
which was detailed for the duty advanced, and,
levelling their muskets at the word of command,
tiled. Rossel fell at the first discharge, instant
ly killed. The others were not so fortunate;
the bullets did not take immediate effect, and
as they were writhing on the ground some ot
soldiers of the tiring party, in obedience to in
structions, came up with pistols and put them
out of agony. The bodies were then placed in
plain coffins and immediately removed. The
execution took place in presence of three thou
sand troops of the line. A profound sensation
was produced throughout the city by the details
of the execution. The death of young Rossel is
lamented even by those who felt that it was de
manded by justice and the best interests of the
country.
Great Britain.
THE HEALTH OF THE PRINCE.
London, Nov. 28—aVoo/l —The journals this
morning reflected the uneasiness which is con
cealed by no one with regard to the condition of
the prince ot Wales. Some gave rumors, repre
sented ascurrcnt at Windsor, that he was worse
and much alarm felt at theeastle. This,coupled
with the announcement that the queen would
probably remain all day to-day at the Sandring
ham residence of the prince, strengthened the
impression. The crisis of the fever is at hand
and the dinger is great, but the latest bulletin of
the prince’s physicians issued since the appear
ance of the morning papers, is unexpectedly re
assuring, and tends to relieve the anxiety caused
by the newspaper reports. It was staled that
the prince was able to sleep during the night,
and that the fever was lessening.
ROYAL AUDIENCE.
A court circular announces that the queen,
yesterday, gave an audience to Sir Edward
Thornton, minister to the United States.
FORGED DISPATCH.
The telegraphic dispatch recently foisted upon
nearly all the newspapers in the kingdom, an
nouncing the amalgamation of the leading rail
road Jines, is found to be a forgery. The direc
tors of the Midland railway company have
offered a large reward tor the detection and ar
rest of the perpetrators. The newspapers com
ment on the U ansaction in unqualified terms.
It is suggested that all news dispatches undergo
n at the telegraph offices where re
ceived; that the parties sending be required to
give a guarantee of good faith or evidence of
authority to send news dispatches, and other
precautionary measures are recommended to
prevent the recurrence of such dispatches.
Belgium.
CONTINUED AGITATION.
Brussels, Nov. 28—The agitation against
the ministry is unaltered. Petitions to the king
lor the dismissal of the ministers are pouring in
from all points of the country. An immense
mass of people assembled in front of the palais
de la Nation. The appearance of the multitude
is threatening, but a strong force of troops are
on the ground, and, although they do not at
tempt to disperse the crowd, they have so far
succeeded in preventing violence to persons, or
the destruction of property. Cries of “Resign!“
“Resign! are heard on every side of the palace,
the temper of the people is dangerous, and the
situation is critical. The impression is that the
ministers will yield, and tender their resigna
tions.
<jerma nv.
THE PRUSSIAN DIET.
Berlin, Nov.2B.—The chamber of deputies of
the Prussian diet efleeted an organization to-day.
Forkenbeck was elected president and Roeller
first vice president.
From Washington.
FINANCIAL.
Washington, D. C., Nuv. 28.—Treasurer
Spinner will this evening forward checks for
$8,000,000 in coin to parties in various parts of
the country who have sent 5-20 bonds here for
redemption.
THE PAY DEPARTMENT.
During the temporary absence of the paymas
ter general of the army, Major Charles T.
Larned, of the pay department, is designated to
take charge of the office.
M ARRIED.
Col. W. F. Stocking, of New York city, and
Mis.- Baltic Miller, daughter of Justice Miller, of
the United Slates supreme court, were married
to-day al the residence of the bride's parents.
Among those present were President and Mrs.
Grant and all the Justices of the supreme court,
with their wives.
Passed Assistant Surgeon J. B. Parker is de
tached from the naval hospital at Chelsea,
Mass., and ordered to temporary duty on board
the receiving ship at Boston.
UNFOUNDED CHARGE.
The postmaster general, who for some days
has been engaged in investigating the charge
that Hon. Win. F. Prosser received pay while a
member of congress tor prosecuting a claim
against the government, to day dismissed the
charge, as entirely unfounded.
MR. BOUTWELL.
As unfavorable comments have recently been
made in relation to Secretary Boutwell’s nego
tiation of the new loan, it is proper to state that,
in doing so, he followed the line laid down in
his printed circular of the 10th of August last,
and has not departed from it. The arrange
ment was stated therein to be subject
to the condition that the national banks
should have an opportunity, within sixty days,
to subscribe for any sum or sums, not exceed
ing fifty million dollars in aU, and that the
banks making or obtaining subscriptions in coin
would be designated by the secretary of the
treasury, as depositors of public money, upon
the usual condition of placing in the hands of
the treasurer of the United States bonds of the
United States for security of such deposits.
At the commencement of each month, no
tice would be given of the redemption
of an amount of bonds equal to the
amount of subscriptions in coin for the
preceding month; interest to cease ninety
days from the date of such notice. As tlie
bonds specified should mature, the deposits
were to be withdrawn from the several banks
proportionately.
A commission of one-eighth of one per cent
was to be allowed upon all subscriptions made
or obtained by national banks. It is denied
that Mr. Boutwell has violated the law, which
authorized the payment of one-half of one per
cent to pay the expenses connected with dis
posing of the loan.
All agents connected with its negotiation will
receive only so much of the half of one per cent
as shall remain after paying tor the engraving
and printing of bonds, &c. With this deduc
tion, it is supposed the compensation will not
amount to as much as one-fourth of one per
cent. While the ninety days referred to in the
circular gave the bank depositors pecuniary
advantages, the government did not pay a rent
more than if the money had been deposited in
the treasury proper, where it would have lain
idle. Ihe secretary was to-day interrogated on
the subject ot recent newspaper publications,
and the above is the substance of his reply.
The Weather.
Washington, Nov. 28. —Threatening weath
er, with light rain, will probably prevail, by
Weduoday morning, from Virginia to New Jer
sey, with snow on Lakes Ontario and Eric.
Northeast winds will prevail in the middle ami
eastern states, veering to the north on Like
Ontario, and northwest from Lake Huron to
Georgia and westward. An area of clear
weather, with cold northwesterly wind, will prob
ably advance from upper Missouri eastward,
reaching to Michigan and Illinois on Wednes
day.
THE GREAT SNOW STORM IN THE WEST.
Salt Lake, Nov. 28.—A furious snow storm
is raging. The canons are supposed to be en
tirely blocked. There has been no communica
tion since Sunday morning.
A dispatch from Little Cotton wood, to-day,
says the snow on a level is about six teet deep,
and the storm continues. The residents of Alta
city have to dig their way in ami out of their
dwellings. Many houses are buried in the snow.
A man named Jenkins was buried by a snow
slide, Wednesday last, near the mouth of the
Wellington mine. The body was dug out by
miners and buried Thursday. Several miners,
while at work for the body, were caught in slides
ami escaped with difficulty.
Our New York Dispatches.
IteuiN ConccrniiiK the Kins Fraud*
Mlippridir Mill find* hl* Friend*Nearer
The Grand Jurj Desire* an Bxtenaiou
of Time—Doing* of Alcxi*, etc.
New York, Nov. 28 h is stated that a
deficit of between two ami three hundred thou
sand dollars has been discovered in the accounts
of the Bowling Green savings bank, but that it
was made good by the ring officials.
The investigations into the Harlem court
house expenses show that a quarter of a million
of dollars have been expended for what could
have been done tor $116,000, and $200,000 have
been stolen. The evidence implicates Harry
Genet in the frauds.
Of twelve persons appointed to assist in the
enactment ot a reform city charter by the
Greeley republicans, the Times gives the names
of eight who are employed and paid by the
present city government.
The democratic reform executive committee
last evening voted to appoint a committee to
call a meeting of the democrats in each ward of
the city, and re-organize the democratic party
on a new basis.
It is stated that Jackson S. Schultz, Charles
O’Conor and Samuel J. Tilden have been before
the grand jury to testify relative to the ring
frauds. The body is now said to be investigat
ing the Harlem court house swindle.
Christopher Barry, John Rielly, Wm. J. O’-
Conor and James Rielly, inspectors of election,
were held in S2OOO each yesterday, for trial on
the charge of stuffing ballot boxes.
Judge Bedford delivered his decision in the
general sessions this morning on the motion to
quash the indictments against Haggerty and
Baulch, alleged voucher thieves, or admit them
to bail, and denied both motions. The judge
fount! that the grand jury were justified in in
dicting the piisoners on the testimony before
them, and saw no reason for nor following the
example of the magistrate, who committed
them without bail, but thought they bad a right
to a speedy trial.
The grand jury to-day entered the court and
stated to Judge Bedford that they would be un
able to fully investigate the eases brought to
their notice by Charles O’Conor, unless their
term was extended. The judge will extend the
term, if he can legally do so. It is generally
understood they have important ring cases to
dispose of.
Connolly is still at the New York hotel in the
custody ot the sheriff. Bail bonds Lave not yet
been obtained.
In spite of Mr, Green's protest the sinking
fund commissioners decided to pay Bleeker’s
outrageous bill of $15,000 for his valuation of
the city propertv, really worth SBOOO.
file children’s aid society have been kept from
an appropriation of SBI,OOO due them by the city
through the neglect of the ring to pay it.
It is understood that if Connolly’s bail is not
completed by Wednesday night, he will spend
Thanksgiving in the Ludlow street jail.
Judge Brady has declined to quash Judge
Barnard's mandamus tor counting the alder
manic returns. It is understood that the pres
ent aldermen will carry the ease to the court of
appeals, and, meantime, propose to hold over.
A hvelv time is expected at the organization of
the board in January.
Nineteen thousand and fourteen indictments
have been filed in the district attorney’s office
here during fifteen years. Many of them have
been held over the heads of offenders during the
past four years of the Tammany ring, to make
them work for them. Indictments against
thousands of Tammany tools have also been
pigeon-holed and have never been pressed. It is
estimated that if the reform authorities ever get
at these pigeon holes, more fellows will run
away from New York than absconded during
the war to avoid the draft.
The order of arrest for Mayor Hall is delayed
to effect more changes, if possible. An order of
arrest will be immediately issued for James
Sweeny, brother of Peter 8., Hugh Smith and
Henry A. Smith, one of the commissioners ot
docks. Ail three have fled. Wheeler H. Peck
man, associate counsel with Mr. O’Conor in the
prosecution of city frauds, said in conversation
last night: “Against Connolly the papers were
prepared by Mr. O’Conor and myself without
the knowledge of Mr. Tilden and the committee
of seventy. 1 took them to Albany and had
them signed by the attorney-general. We knew
that Connolly would eventually go to Europe,
but did not know when he would start. With
any negotiations between Connolly and the
committee of seventy, Mr. O'Conor and I have
nothing whatever to do. He has never given us
anv assistance.”
At a meeting of the committee of seventy, to
night, the resignation of Henry G. Stebbins, re
cently appointed commissioner of parks, and
Gen. Barlow, chosen state attorney-general,
were accepted. Hon. Wm. F. Havemeyer was
chosen chairman, and James M. Brown vice
chairman. The following resolutions were
adopted:
“Resolved, that for the purpose ot securing to
the people of this city the substantial
fruits of their victory in the recent
election, over corruption, this committee
propose to use every lawful effort to secure, at
the earliest possible moment, the removal of the
present mayor from the office he holds. Recall
ing the fact that it was he who aided in devis
ing, in the interests of the corruption, the pres
ent iniquitous charter and the plot for robbing
the city treasury by the audit of false anil
fraudulent vouchers; that it was he who tilled
the various responsible offices and depart
ments with men who now have been condemned
by theverdict of the people; that it was he who,
having the sole power of appointing inspectors
and poll clerks, filled these offices generally
with Tammany democrats and Tammany repub
licans, meaning to rob the honest citizens of
their suffrages, and when an honest man was
duly appointed deputy controller used his
whole power and influence to prevent him from
entering upon the duties of that office, and that
he has endeavored, at every step, to thwart and
defeat the efforts of the people to discover and
punish those who have been engaged under his
auspices in plundering the city treasury, we de
mand his immediate resignation.
“Resolved, that, if the mayor shall continue
to defy the express will of the people, and shall
persist in retaining bis official position, the com
mittee on legislature be instructed toprepare
and present to the legislature, immediately on
its meeting, an act which shall be sufficient and
effectual to remove him at once, without wait
ing for the completion of the new charter or oth
remedial measures.”
Ten barrels of whiskey were seized by revenue
officers on Broadway yesterday morning after a
fight with the drivers of the drays, in which
pistols were freely used. The men escaped, one
being wounded.
A sensational report is afloat that owing to
suspicious actions of the Polish lodges the grand
duke is constantly guarded night and day by the
police.
The Sun states that the naval offieersjrcfused
to sell tickets to the naval ball to-night to Col.
James Fisk.
Alexis is reviewing the fire department to
day. The rest of the week will be devoted to en
gagements in this city. He goes to Philadelphia
on Sunday evening, returning Tuesday. On
Thursday lie leaves for Boston, stopping three
hours at Bridgeport and two hours at Spring
field, reaching Boston at ten in the evening.
He leaves Boston on Monday morning, the 11th,
for Montreal, on Pullman’s palace car, which
has been tendered ths duke and suite.
The performance of “Faust” at the Academy
of Music last night, which was attended by
Duke Alexis, was a grand affair, everybody
being in full dress. The actors wore the Rus
sian emblems. Alexis had his photograph
taken at Brady’s, and sailed around the harbor
yesterday. Senator Sumner called on Alexis,
but he was out.
Aiderman Stewart, of Brooklyn, shot last
night, is reported to he at the point of death.
Kelly, who shot him, has been arrested.
Alexis did not appear to take much interest in
the opera last night, but lounged back and ap
peared to be enganed in thinking of more seri
ous matters than Faust and Marguerite. At the
end of the second act Mlle Nilsson was recalled,
the whole ot the Russian officers applauding
tremendously, and bowed her acknowledgements
to the royal box, after which she returned her
compliments to the house generally. Up to
this time the Russian flag had been suspended
from the royal box, hut nt this point the colors
were withdrawn, nothing denoting the ducal
whereabouts but the exterior decorations of the
box. In the prison scene in the last act the
prince’s enthusiasm knew no bounds, and he ap
plauded Miss Nilsson to the echo. She had there
fore to return and bow her compliments to her
royal patron. The boxes were decorated with
festoons of flags lying over the balustrades,
forming a device of the red, white and blue.
I'he American flag was also represented, golden
stars being substituted in place of white ones.
It is stated that the grand jury in Brooklyn
have found indictments against several promi
nent politicians in frauds upon the ballot box.
Gen. Chester Arthur has qualified as collector
of the port of New York, his bond having been
appro veil.
Patrick Ryan fell from an elevator in Brook
lyn on Monday, corner of Joraleman and Fur
man streets, and was instantly killed.
Three thousand ladies in Brooklyn have peti
tioned the board of aldermen for the better ob
servance ol the Sabbath, by the closing of the
stores, etc.
In the supreme court, to-dav, Judge Spencer
decided, that a mock marriage followed by co
habitation of the parties and mutual public
acknowledgment as man and wife, is a valid
marriage.
An indignation meeting of the depositors of
the Stuyvesunt bank was held at the Sinclair
house to-night, ex-Judae R. Kelley presiding.
Mr. Collamcre, ex-president of the bank, believed
it solvent. J. Tyler Kelly, a depositor, said he
had waited on the officials, and believed the
affair was rotten. Uollamere admitted that
$868,000 was loaned to Mr. Hartman, these-
WORCESTER: WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 29, 1871.
curity to meet which wasonlv SBB,OOO. A coin
mi Hec of six were appointed to report the next
evening.
I wo men, George S. Stowe and Benjamin F.
Terry, have I wen arrested for embezzling a large
quantity of silk from Dawes, Snow Co.,
Chandler Co., White Co., and other parlies,
amounting probably to SBO,OOO. Some letters
were found in cypher from parties in New York,
and it is believed their operations have been
larger than are now known. They were com
mitted in default of bail.
New England Dispatches.
.Heeling of the Executive Couucil— -The
Proposed Lease of the Boxtou. Hart
ford unit Erie Koud, etc.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Nov. 28.—A special meeting of the
executive council was held in private to-day, to
consider the proposition of the purchased the
Troy and Greenfield railroad and the Hoosac
tunnel. The oiler is understood to come from
parties in IToy, in the interest of the New York
Central railroad, and proposes to give the sum
of $4,600,000 for the entire enterprise just as it
stands. The sale is said to be opposed by the
Fitchburg and the Vermont and Massachusetts
railroad.
No action has been taken by the interested
parties in regard to leasing the Boston, Hart
ford and Eris railroad by the Pennsylvania Cen
tral road.
Alexis is expected to arrive in Boston, Thurs
day night, Dec. 7th. The programme for Ins
entertainment is not yet completed, but he will
visit the navy yard, Lowell, Cambridge, and a
musical exhibition by the school children will
be included.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Portsmouth, Nov. 28.—The city election re
sulted in a republican victory. Horton D.
Walker was elected mayor by 328 majority, in a
vote of 1784, a great republican gain over last
spring. Six republicans and two democrats are
elected aldermen.
MAINE.
Eastport, Me., Nov. 28.—1 tis the coldest
weather ever known here in November, live be
low zero.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Nov. 28.—At the United States
district court. Judge Chapman, in this city, to
day, the grand jury found true bills against
John B. Hotchkiss, of New Haven, on two
counts for purchasing two hundred gallons of
smuggled rum of the captain of the brig Rising
Sun; against Charles F. Tuttle, of New Haven,
for rectifying and compounding liquors without
a license; against Sylvester S. Mam, of Ridge
field, fur fraudulently obtaining a letter Irom
the post office addressed to another person, con
taining a fifty dollar check.
Norwich, Nov. 28.—The investigations of
the jury of inquest into the causes of the fire in
the steamer City of New London began this
evening. The first mate testified in regard to
the trip of the steamer irom New York, and the
discovery and supposed extinction of the first
fire at Comstock’s wharf. His testimony agreed
with the accounts already published, except as
to the origin of the fire, of which he knew
nothing.
In regard to the second fire, he said: At day
light got up anchor, and was clearing up for
ward when I heard a voice at the lower deck. I
said: “Is there another fire,” and, looking down
the gang way, saw a light; ran down at once,
but, before I got there, the hose was laid and
the donkey pump started; tire was thirty feet
from the kitchen, where the first fire broke
out, and near the other gangway; Nor
ton, donkey engineer, held the main
pipe a moment when he said: This is too suf
focating,” and I took the pipe; held it a few
minutes and then had to crawl away on my hands
and knees; most every one had by this time left
the boat; 1 met Ewen, pilot, and Baker, engi
neer, and said: “What is to be done now?”
They said: “We can only save ourselves.”
The freight was stored in the gangways; the
tire was in the gangway, where, for about thirty
feet, there was no passageway; apparently the
two firesconld have had no connection; the boat
was in motion when the fire broke out; cotton
was stored within about a foot of the kitchen;
there was a deck hand on watch that night;
regular deck watchman was not on board.
The testimony of the others was mainly
corroborative, it was elicited that none of
the witnesses knew the cause of the tire
or had any theory as to its origin. The certifi
cate for currying passengers l>ore thttcOct. 24tli,
1871, and called for sixty life preservers. There
were 125 on board, stowed under the mattrasses
in the state rooms and berths. It was impossi
ble to get them, owing to the rapid spread of
the fire. There were four boats on the steamer,
which had been lowered three weeks previous,
and were in good working order. All the wit
nesses agreed that, in five minutes after the
second fire broke out, every one hail bee
obliged to leave the steamer. The investigation
adjourned till to-morrow evening.
The United States district inspector of steam
boats will begin an investigation at New Lon
don, to-morrow.
Search for the body of Wm. T. Norton is con
tinued by a diver, but is still unsuccessful.
New Haven, Nov. 28.—Duggan, the mur
derer of Kierce, has been found and arrested.
There are strong probabilities that he committed
the act in sell-defence.
South Carolina.
Meeting of the Oenernl A**ciubly—The
Governor’s Mt-Mongv, etc.
Columbia, Nov. 28. —The general assembly
met to-day, when Governor Scott’s message was
read. The governor slates that the whole debt
is $11,994,908, which statement he knows, from
severe personal scrutiny, to be correct, nothing
beinn suppressed. He argues that the deprecia
tion of the state credit is due to the persistent
threats of repudiation made by individuals and
the press for political purposes, without which
the debt would not exceed $10,000,000. He is
confident that the state will pay all obligations
to the last cent. He recommended that the
legislature prohibit the borrowing of money or
contracting of debts to meet the current ex
penses. lie condemns extra sessions of the
legislature, without which attacks of the oppo
sition could not be successful.
He urges the legislature to make the session
short and economical, and recommends a fixed
salary to members; that numerous offices be
abolished; that the salaries of all officials, ex
cept judges, be reduced one third; that the tax
on real estate be lessened; that a license system
be adopted; that rice, cotton and railroad ton
nage be taxed; that the bonds of the state be
be taken at par in payment of land bought at
tax sales, on the title being warranted by the
state; that public lauds, to rhe value of a mil
lion of dollars, be sold, and state bonds taken in
payment.
lie reviewed at length the causes which led
him to ask a suspension of the habeas corpus,
as, under the kuklux law,he claims that concilia
tion proved useless, and the courts would not
act, and that the whites mistook magnanimity
lor weakness. He declined to call out the militia,
because it consisted of negroes who would have
been slaughtered, and the people led to believe
that the conflict was between negroes and whites,
instead of between friends of the government and
its enemies. As late as last spring, many promi*
nent citizens promised him their co-operation in
the suppression of kukluxism, but they effected
nothing, and, the civil power being exhausted,
the governor applied to the national Roverm
ment to protect the statu against domestic vlo?
lence,.
He approves the principle of minority repro
sentation; advises changes in the election law,
to prevent fraud; jirgvs the legislature tO avoid
all unnecessary appropriations, and believes the
legislature will so act as to prove that republic
canism and good government in South l'aro»
lina are not, as falsely alleged, inconsistent
with each other.
The message was made the special order for
Monday next. A number of bills will be intro
duced, looking to retrenchment and reform, but
none on the subject of repudiation,
Cuban News.
Kialit Nludenta Tried by Court Martial
mid Nhol, etc*
Havana, Nov. 28.—At one this afternoon, the
finding of ttic court martial convened to try *he
medical students who demolished the grave ot
Gonzalo Castanon, was announced from the
balcony of acting Captain General Crespo’s pal
ace. Eight of the students, who were found
most guilty, were sentenced to be shot nt four
this afternoon at Punta. The others were sen
tenced to four and six years’ imprisonment iu
the penitentiary. All those sentenced to death
were over eighteen years.
The execution of the condemned took place at
the specified hour. They met death with resig
nation, and expressed regret at having commit
ted the act for which they died. Great excite
ment prevailed throughout the city during the
day. and business was suspended, but, al this
hour, six p. m., all is quiet.
Captain General Vulmaseda, who was yester
day at Jucaro, is expected in Havana during
the afternoon. He published a proclamation
to the volunteers, promising that the guilty shall
be punished, and charging the recent events to
the machinations of the laborantea.
Three negroes today attempted to assassinate
an officer of the volunteer artillery. Thev did
not succeed in their design, though the officer
was seriously wounded by a dagger. The act
of the negroes was witnessed by a number of
persons, who attacked and killed them all,
Upon the opening of congress an attempt will
be made to place a territorial delegate upon the
committee on territories, with the right to vote.
Speaker Blaine strongly favors this movement,
which will make the territorial delegate some
thing more than the dumb looker on Venice
he now id
Fire Record.
AT GREAT FALLS—LOSS SBOOO.
Great Falls. N. 11., Nov. 28—Between
eleven and twelve o’clock hist night a fire broke
out in Boole’s bakery on Hmh street, destroy
ing the building and contents. The damage is 1
about $8000; insured for SI2OO. The tire is sup
posed to have been the work of an ineendiun
as a pocket-book, which contained about SSOO,
was accidently lelt in a desk, and the book has
since been found, rifled of its contents.
AT BOSTON —LOSS S7OOO.
Boston, Nov. 28 The building numbered
73, 75 ami 77 Haverhill street, was partially de
stroyed by fire this morning. Loss S7OOO.
Among the sufferers are: H. F. Folsom, wood
turner; John E. Marshal, pump maker; Folsom,
Co., pattern makers; and J. L. Eastman,
steam gauge manufacturer.
AT NEW YORK—LOSS S7OOO.
New York, Nov. 28.—Last evening a de
structive fire occurred in the blacking factory of
Robert H Bailey, No. 132 West Thirteenth
street, in this city. Damage to stock and build
ing, S7OOO. The fire was caused by the explu
sion of a kerosene lamp.
AT CINCINNATI—LOSS SIO,OOO.
Cincinnati, Nov. 28.—Jolin Hautfinun X
Co.’s brewery, on Vine street, was partially de
stroyed by tire yesterday afternoon. Damage to
stock and building SIO,OOO.
AT LAGRANGE —LOSS NOT STATED.
Chicago, Nov. 28. —A kerosene lamp ex
ploded last evening in a large millinery estab
lishment, owned by Mrs. R. N. Blackwood, at
Lagrange, Mo., and the Hames spreading rapidly,
destroyed a valuable stuck ot goods.
Criminal Record.
THE UTAH CRIMINALS.
Salt Lake City, Nov. 28.—1 n the court yes
terday morning the case of Brigham Young, lor
lewd and lascivious cohabitation, was called up,
and upon a motion of the prosecuting attorney
ordered for trial next Monday. Mr. Hempsted
lor the defence protested against this order on
the ground that it would be impossible to have
his client here at such short notice, lie asked
for two weeks, which was refused.
Clawson and Bates were brought up on the
same charge, and filled a plea in abatement
founded upon the illegality of the grand jury,
which was overruled. Henn Lawrence was in
dicted for the same offence, and ordered to plead,
but conk! not on account of sickness.
Upon the charge against Brigham Young, Wm.
Hickman, M. Macham, Simon Dutton, G. I).
Grint, Porter Rockwell and William Kimball for
the murder of Buck at Warren Springs in 1857,
the court is engaged in healing a motion of
Hempsted to quash the indictment on the fol
lowing grounds: First, that the gram I jury im
properly designated the oftence as murder in the
first degree; second, that there is no proper de
scription of the defendants; thiol, that there is
no certainty in the allegation of the offence;
fourth, that the deceased is not alleged to have
been alive at the time of the alleged murder;
fifth, there is no allegation that the defendants
conspiied together or that they were present in
aiding or abetting, or were accessories before the
fact of the killing of Buck; sixth, the insufficient
description of the means by which the killing
was effected; seventh, that the names of flic wit
nesses were not indorsed upon the indictment, as
required by the statute.
It is said by Overton’s friends that he will
withdraw the charge against Woodman and
others for abducting his daughter.
AN ESCAPED CONVICT.
New York, Nov. 28.—W illiam Peyton, who
was surrendered by his bondsmen in Newark,
proves to be an escaped convict from the Charles
town, Mass., state prison.
RESULT OF A HUSBAND’S PERFIDY.
Kansas City, Nuv. 28.—Mrs. King While,
wife of 11. M. King, a lawyer who was recently
arrested on the charge of bigamy, having a
colored wife at Topeka and a white wife here,
attempted suicide, yesterday. King has tied,
forfeiting his bonds.
KUKLUX.
Charleston, Nov. 28.—1 n the kukhix trial
at Columbia, to-day, the point in discussion be
ing the manner of selecting a jury, the district
attorney moved that the panel be summoned
from the body of the district, and Reverdv John
son contended that, according to the constitu
tion, jurors must be selected from the judicial
district in which the alleged offence is commit
ted. The coart sastalned the district attorney,
Johnson reserving an objection. The court ad
journed ufitil Friday, allowing loriy-eight hours
for summoning a panel.
SHOT II is SONS.
Leavenworth, Kan., Nov. 28.—A man,
named Wilson, living on Kickapoo island, shot
his two sons yesterday, one fatally.
Abl>B*eviated Di*i»ntch<‘*.
Ice causes trouble in the Erie canal at Utica.
it is reported that Nilsson refused to allow
Kellogg lo sing in opera with her.
It is anticipated that the Delaware and Hud
son canal will close by Dee. 2.
The last span of the new Hudson river bridge
at Albany has been placed in position.
The New York police commissioners have de
rided to break up lottery policy swindling shops.
It is said that all the New York omnibus fares
will be reduced twenty-five per cent Jan. Ist.
Mrs. Gaines, the New Orleans millionaire, has
been spending: a few days in New Brunswick.
Palacio is said to be spoken of as provisional
governor of Nueva Leon, Mexico, where the
Juarists are gaining strength.
Judge Carpenter of South Carolina, who is in
New York, says Gov. Scott is preparing io re
sign.
The hotly found in the North river, Friday, is
recognized as that ot Madam Rhodes, a wealthy
lady of New Orleans.
The first section of narrow gauge railroad
between Leavenworth and Denver is nearly com
pleted.
The so-called New York inventors' union
burst upon Monday evening quite inharmoni
ously.
The New York medical society has expelled
Anthony Ruppaner for infringement of their
rules.
The .'small pox in New York is increasing, a
few more cases having occurred since Saturday.
A London letter states that the Anglo-Ameii
can society voted to present a free public library
to Caicago.
All of the cargo of cotton of the brig Caro
line Gray, ashore on Long [slat’d, has been
saved and sent to Providence.
Bigamous Bowen will be a representative from
South Carolina, in place of Hardy, resigned.
The bill for the repeal of female suffrage in
Wyoming passed the council on Monday—s yeas
to 4 nays.
Hon. Wm. Millward, formerly member of
congress from the fourth district of Philadel
phia, died yesterday morning at Kirkwood.
The relative party strength of the present con
gress is as follows: Senate 56 republicans, 17
democrats; house 140 republicans, 103 demo
crats.
While in New York on Monday Senator Sum
ner left his raid with Ah xis, sat for a photo
graph, received calls from several friends, and
left for Washington on the five o'clock train.
The weather at Burlington, lowa, lor the past
few days has been intensely cold, and |ai| cyem
ing a sleeting rain set in, The river is full of
floating jc«.
The Chicago relief and aid society has received
to date $2,508,000 cash for the benefit of suffer
ers by the fire. The contribution come frum
forty states and territories,
Reports from the Northern Pacific railway
say that the thermomeku was down to 23 de
grees below zero, and a heavy wind prevailing.
Trains were stopped and telegraph wires broken.
Senator Osborn has had an interview with the
president to urge the suspension of the writ ol
habeas corpus jn northern Florida. The presi
dent will consult wtth the kuklux committee be
fore resorting to the extreme measure.
By renumbering the cases in the United States
supreme court for the term beginning on Mon
day next, each case will he advanced towards
the head of the docket about 225 numbers.
it |b said that speaker Blaine has recently
manifested strong preferences for Wheeler (if
New York sot chairman of the committee on
ways and means. Mr. Wheeler is a protection
ist.
The Kansas City Sunday Timos published
eleven columns of letters from prominent men
of Missouri endorsing a passive democratic
policy. The writers are senators, representa
tive, generals, judges and citizens.
Foster Blodgett, who was recently indicted at
Atlanta, Ga., for malappropriation of the Geor
gia state road funds, is en route for Washing
ton, intending to contest the seat of Senator
Norwood when congress assembles.
According to the sensational reports from the
enemies of Juarez, anarchy prevails throughout
Mexico, The journals are filled with accounts
of pronuneiamentos, and the troops are growing
revolutionary; the greater part of the army is
distrusted,
The Mexican Siglo, of the 18th, says Juarez
was closeted with the American minister on the
night of the 17th; the latter advised him to
change his cabinet. The report caused a great
sensation, and people are expressing fears of
American intervention.
Judge J, W. Wright ol Indiana, who ischarged
with frauds in connection with Indian affairs,
denies in a card that he has been arrested us
was asserted. He says he docs not in lend to
run away, but will answer all charges that may
be brought against him.
Eight of the medical students tried by court
martial for violating rhe grave at Havana, were
sentenced to death yesterday morning and exe
cuted in the afternoon. They met their fate
with resignation and expressed sorrow for com
mitting the act.
The over issue of bonds made by ex-Governor
Bullock to the Brunswick ami Albany railroad
have been returned to the state treasurer. They
had been turned over to Mr. Kimball bv Gov.
Bullock, and were hypothecated by the former
gentleman.
G. W. Smalley’s letter to the Tribune contains
an account of loin Hughes' plan of presenting
the nucleus of a free library to Chicago, with
topics of letters irom Carlyle,’ Disraeli, the duke
of Argyll, Forster, ami others, contributing
copies t f their works.
I he American woman’s suffrage association
intends to prosecute a vigorous war in Washing
ton this year. A convention will be held next
week, ami among others announced to be pres
ent are Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, Mrs. Livermore,
Mrs. Celia Burleigh, Lucy Stone, James Freeman
Clarke and I’. W. Higginson.
Our government has information of trouble
in Havana between the volunteers and the Span
ish authorities. It appears that great apprehen
sion exists that the volunteers will turn against
the Spanish authorities and join the insurgents.
Consul General Biddle has written to the state
department for instructions as to what course
he shall pursue in the event of a collision.
The agent of the relief committee, who has re
turned from the burned district in the north
west, pronounces the reports of frauds in the
donation funds entirely false. Seeds are now
being given to farmers. Some titt v houses have
been erected at Peshtigo, and with further help
the people will have a fair start in the spring.
Judge Wright, of Washington, has not been
arrested as reported, on the charge of connection
ith the fraudulent entries ofnames of fictitious
Indian pensioners. The statute limitations of
the district, however, do not commence to run
on his alleged fraud to-dav, as was said, but iu
April next.
A Rome special says Victor Emanuel was re
ceived with tremendous enthusiasm by the Ital
ian pari lament. In his address he said the work
to which be had devoted his life was completed.
An iiftimaiiou that there was a necessity of
conciliating the Vatican was coldly received.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies of the
opening of parliamen the was called to the bal
cony twice by the populace. The city was
grandly illuminated Jin the evening. Thejpope
was consoled by the priests.
A Matamoras special of the 27th states that
the governor of Tamaulipas wants $20,000 for
war expenses and lo organize a national guard.
The people oppose the loan. Four thousand
government troops are nearing Saltillo to raise
the siege. Cortina had appropriated the money
for the payment of government troops at Cam
argo to himself, causing a revolt and the dis
banding of the troops. A general revolt is ex
pected against the government by the first of
December.
The action of the New York Tribune in charg
ing Secretary Boutwell with two direct viola
tions of the new funding act, namely, bv tem
porarily increasing the public debt through the
operations of the syndicate, and by allowing the
syndicate commissions in excess of one-half of
one per cent, in consideration of the fact that
the exact terms of contract with the syndicate
are not definitely known, is severely criticised
by the friends of the administration.
The cabinet met yesterday forenoon, at 10
o’clock, tor the purpose of hearing the president
read his message, and for Ihe discussion of its
leading points. The message was read in full,
and met the approval of the cabinet. It is un
derslood that lew it any alterationswill be made
in it. The question relative to Minister Schenck's
conduct in connection with a mining company
was difussed, and it was derided that he has
done nothing to merit censure, and nothing will
be done until Mr. Schenck informs the depart
ment ot state concerning the matter.
Official returns show that the vote, of New
Wk is the largest ever polled for the office ol
secretary of state, and both parties exceed their
vote of 1869. The democratic vote falls short of
that lor governor iu 1870 by 805,950, while the
republican vote has increased, over 1870, 21,112.
Both parties, howevet, poll a much lighter vote
than in 1868, th republicans coming nearer to
their full vote than the democrats. The demo
cratic vote for governor in 1868, at the presi
dential election, was 439,301, while this year it
is 363,798, or 70,507 less now than then. The
republican vole in 1868 for governor was 411,-
355; this year it is 887,548, or 23,819 less.
A Washington special says: Last week men
tion was made that an important diplomatic
correspondence was in progress with the au
thorities at Madrid with regard to the non-ful
fillment of promises made by the Spanish gov
ernment for the protection of the rights of
American citizens in Cuba, and also of the
stains of non-combatant Cubans. It has pro
gressed so far as to show that Spain, instead of
heeding its promises, has violated them in the
boldest manner. There is the best of reason to
believe that this government has taken a most
important step, which, if not met by unapolo
getic spirit, may lead at once to the gravest
consequences. Indeed a United States naval
fleet much larger than is required to protect the
itiotfenUve Hornet at Port uu Prince will sud
denly appear in Cuban waters.
Astronomical Photographs.—Mr. Proctor
of England is preparing for the press a work on
the moon, founded on and illustrated bv the ex
quisite photographs of Mr. Lewis M. Rutherford
ot New lork, whose skill in precise mechanism
and in all that relates to celestial photography
is so well known at home and appreciated
abroad. Mr. Rutherford’s success has been
achieved by a minute and laborious attention to
the adjustment of his telescope and to the lubri
cation and regulation of its moving parts, while
the actinic locus, which differs in position from
the visual one, has been obtained, in the first in
stence, by experiment when the iron tube of the
telescope bad a determined temperature, and lias
been recovered al any other temperature, from
the known rate of the expansion of the tube;
the photographic plate being moved a corre
sponding distance by meansofa micrometer
screw. His pre-eminent success has, however,
been mainly due to his patient work in forming
a lens to the principal focus of which are con
veyed the photographic instead of the visual
rays.
Some idea may be formed of the labor and
delicacy of this operation when it is known that
every correction that the lens required in the
process of its construction was determined bv
taking photographs either of the star Sinus or
ot Vega, and any irregularity of the photo
graphic impression of the star demanded a par
ticular abrasion to be applied to the surface of
the lens before the next photograph was taken.
11 this process of correction is found laborious
w hen applied to the visual rays, which can he
directly seen and studied, how much more so is
it when the telescope has to be driven with ab
solute precision by delicately adjusted clack
work during exposures of the plate lasting sev
eral minutes for each photographic plate ob
tained!
With this telescope photographs of the
Pleiades have been obtained; each star ot ihe
group, of about thirty components, appearing
as a clear, round dot. Alcyone, the principal
star ol the cluster, gives an impression exactly
like a period of punctuation in diamond tvpe,
while the. photographic images of the other stars
diminish with their apparent magnitude, as de
termined by the eye. Plates so secured are
permanent records of the heavens, and can be
studied mi< rometrically at leisure the result of
a lew measures on such plates living of more
value than long series of observations made by
the ordinary micrometric eye piece. The scien
tific men of all ecunthes will look to the meas*
tires in the plates as aflbrding them the heat data
tor solving that most refined ot all astronomical
problems, Gs the parallax and
distance of a fixed star.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amert
can ana Foreign Patents procured. Rejected Ap
plications ro-argued, 1 nterlerence Canes Prosecuted:
Opinions given aa to the validity and infringement of
PatontHandSuiUpjosecated and defended In the U.S
Courts, by
THUS. II DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman ofithe
-"ard of Appeals, U. 8 Patent office.) Counsellor at
aw. and Advocate In Patent Cases. Office, Dodgeaß
Block, corner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Maae,
1124 d&wtf
OLIVER’S
STOVE STORE,
SSB MAIN STREET OLD NO. 870
my 24 dt f
ERIUAN FOREIGN PATENTS
R. Il’ EDDY,
Solicitor of Patents for Inventions. Trade Marks, or
Designs, No. 76 state st., opposite Kilby st.,
Boston.
Aaency in the Cnited Ulates possesses superior fa
cilities tor obtaining Patents, or ascertaining the pa tent a
bititu of inventions.
All necessity of a journey to Washington to procure a
Patent, and the great delay there, are here saved
inventors.
Tc st inion hila.
‘•1 regard Mr. Eddy as one ot the most capable and
successful practitioners with whom 1 have hud official
lute:course.
CHARLES MASON’, Commissioner of Patents.”
”1 have nu hesitation in assuring inventors that they
cannot employ a man more competent and trusticorthij,
ami more capable of putting their applications in a form
to secure for t bent an early and favorable consideration
at the Patent Office. EDMUND RCRKE.
Late Commissioner of Patents.”
"Mr. R. 11. Eddy has made forme over THIRTY ap
plications for Patents, having been successful in almost
every case. Such unmistakable proof of great talent and
ability on his part, leads me to recommend all inventors
to apply to him to procure their patents, as they may be
sure of having the most faithful attention bestowed un
their cases.and at very reasonable charges.
Boston .lan. I 1871. d2twlvfli) JOHN TAGGART.
COMMONWEALTH OF MAssAcur
SEI I’S. Wobckstek, ss. Probate Court.—To ail
persons interested in the estate of JAMES BoUTELLE,
late of Leominster, in said county, deceased, testate:
You are cited to appear at a Probate court, to be
held at Worcester, In said county, on the tirst Tuesday of
December next, at nine o’clock in the forenoon, to show
cause why the tirst account rendered by Thomas S.
Boutellv. the Executor, of Ids administration ot said
estate, and now on tile at this office, should not be
allowed.
Ami the said accountant is ordered to serve this citation
by publishing the same once a week, two weeks succes
sively, in Hie Massachusetts Spy, a newspaper printed
at Worcester, the last publication to Im? one day, al least,
before said Court, and to send, or cause to lie sent, a writ
ten or printed copy of this notice, properly mailed, post
age pre-paid, t<> each ot the heirs, devisees, or legatees ot
>.aid estate, or their legal representatives, known to the
petitioner, seven days, at least, before said court.
Witness, Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this sixteenth day of Nuv«mt»er. in the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one.
CIIAS E. STEVENS. Register.
n 24 w2w*
wills is TO CERTIFY that I hav< thia
JL day given to my sons, LUI'HER T. Si EARNS and
HENRY E. STEARNS, their time, and shall claim none
of their wages nor pay any debt-, contracted by them
after nils date. LUTHER STEARNS.
Holden, Nov. 2,1871. Will* Ikui
PRICE 1 (ENTS.
Jlofuts.
IT WILL KKSTORE THE COLoR TO
GRAY OK FADED HAIR!
W A R R H N S
ART POI SOSHIS
Hair Restorer
Secured in United States Patent office. Sept. 19,1371.
No Sedikent. Clear as Water and as Pcrb. It
contains no <>il, Alcohol or Spirits consequently it will
nut Giun tne Hui; or make it dry and wiry No Nitrate
of Silver, Sugar of Lead, Lac Sulphur, Ac. It will
RESTOKE THE COLOR
to Gray or Faded Hair, h will PREVENT the Hair from
tailing off. It will tend to
MAKE THE HAIR GROW.
Bv
EDWIA A. D ARREY,
Apothecary,
IX BAY STATE HOI sit, W
To whom all orders should be addressed.
dt I
Coal.
yy h. Jourdan,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
ANTHRACITE AND BITUMINOUS COAL
Yard, Green Street, Office, 2 Lincoln Block. Worceeler
oh aoW
rp W. WELLINGTON co.
DEALERS in
Anthracite and Bituminous Coal,
by the Ton or Cargo.
Office—-No. 1 PoHt Office Building, uud 110 Houthbrldgi
>t. 1 ards—Mun. he>ier d., and cor. Honthbridge uud
HamniOlMl -I .Won. let’. Mahs. att mvl
C OAL!
LEHIGH COAL,
Best quality, all sizes, for sale bv the tun or cargo, at the
Houthbiidge Sued Coal Yard.
MT ICON O A KOOERB.
WILKESBAKRE
COAL,
Fur family use and steam purposes, for sale by
BTRONO A UOGERN, 41G Muiu St.
SYDNEY
CANNEL COAL,
For open grates—a new lot lust received by
MTKONU <V KOGERS,
Office 8112 Main Street.
FIRE BRICKS.
FIRE CLAY,
FIRE SAND and KAOLIN, at wholesale and retail, by
STRO.YG A ROOEKS,
"21 dtf 41« Main Street.
.Stobes,
gSTA BL I S HJ3D I N Fs2s
W. F.
(Successor to Win, A. Wheeler,) nianulUd urer of
Machine, Kailroad. Iron, IBran*, and ouk
UOHItiOH
CASTIMiS.
HOT AIR FI RNACES, TILT AND DROP H AMMERS
Aqueduct, Cax and Steam Pipe, Wire Mac hinery and
Annealers, Water Wheels, Elevators, clay Grlmlers,
Corn and Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, stop
Cocks, Windo Weights, Ac.
Shafting Mill Work ana Gearing, Forging, Pattern
Work and Machine Jobbing done to order.
THOMAS NTRFFT.
mhll dtf Worcester. Mass.
1 k N s L_ E lj
The subscribers have constantly on hand a very larß
assortment ol IRON AAD RTF KD ol all des. rip
lions. Also,
ANVILS, (’HAINS,
VISES, NUTS,
BELLOWS WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES, HORSE SHOES
HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES, RAMPS,
SPRINGS. TILES
FINISHED AXLES, EORVX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES.
ti BEACH SAND, A< Ar..
whiuh will be sold at the lowest prices, at the oldstan.
WASHINGTON RQUAKF.
w PRATT «fc INNMAN.
WorccHtcr. April 1. IHiiti. deoptf aui
j?uKN A O E 8
■HINKLEE'S LATENT BVFEUIUK
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE I
IN BRICK, OK AS PORTABLE,
A. RUSSELL A CO.,
30 IUUTU BttlllGF. MT., WORPESTIk
Bole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yourselves that it is the best Hol
Air Furnace in the market, having nearly double ths
amount of healing surface, and a vapor pan so arranged
as to supply a pleasant and agreeable heat, free front dust,
smoke and gas. as the many persons who have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a large and select stock Stoves, Tin. Iron, Copi.
per and Glass ware.
Tin Roofing, Pump Work, and Jobbing of all kinds at
tended lo with neatness and dispatch
A RI MSELL CO.,
No. 36 Soulhbridge Bi Worcester.
mvß dtf
PECE IV E D TH IS DA Y
RICHMOND’S
CARRIAGE EXCHANGE,
No. 30 AV aldo Street,
(NEW NUMBER,)
A FINE STOCK
Late Style Carriages.
Made to Order. a Folding and Slide Seat Shifting Top
Carriage, in three different style bodies, one or two
seats, easily adjusted for two or four persons, light and
stylish. Also the celebrated
lver»’ ItiiMineas and Pleasure ICuuuy,
trimmed with Goods, and painted any color to suit the
trade.
Patent Adjustable Carriage Pule*, Ligh
Express, Business and Concord Wagons.
CUSTOM MADE HARNESSES. A general assort
ment of Second-Hand Carriages. All goods warranted
to give satisfaction, and sold at the Lowest Markel
Price, by
al» dtf A. K RICHMOND.
JpoK SALE ATTHE LOWEST PIUCES,
New Scriptural Commentary,
Critical and Explanatory.
ON THE OLD A NEW TESTAMENTS,
BY JAMIESON. FAUSKET BROWN.
Said to be the best and cheapest in Hie English lan
guage. In Cloth, only >7 50; Half Turkey Morocco,
*IO.OO.
Apple’on’s New American Cyclopedia.
Charles Sumner’s Works.
Hacket’s Smith’s Bible Dictionary; also, an abridged
edition for *5.00.
The Library of Poetry and Song, with an introduction
by Wm. Cullen Brvant The New Edition contains 16
tine engravings, and is doubtless the best, selection ever
published.
Brockett’s History of the Great War between France
and Germany, price *2.50.
Hr. Warren's Household Physic.an, (New edition,) and
other valuable works.
Will sell beautiful Family Bibles exceedingly cheap,
and furnish nearly any book that may be desired, and at
the lowest prices. Satisfaction given on all sales, or
money refunded.
N’. B. Will sell first-class Paper and Envelopes at
about half price; and Woodruff s Superior Vinline Ink
at 75 els. a quart, ami Black Ink at scts. a buttle,
AGENTS W A N fED. and large Inducements given.
Please call at No. 17 Pleasant st.
C. A. SKINNER,
nb d4S General .V,.ni.
New steam marble and
STONE WORKS,
Having introduced machinery Into our business, we
are confident that, withour large experience, practical
knowledge, and personal attention, w« are prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimmings, Monu
ments, Tablets and Grave Stones, Chimney Piece.-,
Bracket Selves, Table and Bureau Tops. Sinks, and
every description of work wade from Marble and Stone,
at Hie lowest cash prices.
Thankful for past confidence and patronage, we solicit
a continuance of the same. TAT hl M A HORGAN',
dtr 131 Central nt.. Wurce-U-r. Mass
THE
MW WILDER ANO MARVINS'
IMHdfIBMMbtTUB PROOF SUE-; can MIU be
lound al i io No Pearl
St*, opposite Cost Office
W außkkopti sA.JIOrtLAAD,
ADVKHTimtt BATES.
In Daily Spy— For the “Square’ of ten lints? sol
agate type. 1 time 75 cts.;each hUbsequent Insertion 5®
cts.; 1 week |2 75; 2 weeks>4.oo; 1 month 1 year
|wi—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
•qitares. Two lines for one week $1.00; three line fl U;
fourlines $1.37; five lines $1.50. Local notices 25 cent a
per line for each Insertion. Business notices 15 cents pep
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements SI.OO per square for first inser
tion; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special positions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly Spy— First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 mouths $7.00; one
year $25.1)0.
insurance.
I oH N 1> WASHBURN'S
INSURANCE AGENCY,
(lurk's Block 405 Wain St.,
WORCESTER.
i:r\A
INSU RAN C E COMPANY
OF HARTFORD.
Capital, 83,000,000.
HARTFORD
Fire Insurance Company
OF IIAKTFOUD.
Capital, $1.(MN),000.
PHENIX
I NSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAHTroKD.
Capital, S(>00,000.
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YOKK.
Capital, 82.500,000,
MAGARA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK.
Capital, $1,000,000.
NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON.
Capital, 8300,000.
Sp ring-field
FIRE MARINE
Insurance Company.
Capital, $500,000
Nortli Britisli
AND
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON.
Urancli OHicc* in New York.
Capital, (Cold) 810,000,000.
JOHN D. W ASHBURN,
021 dtf
f£UIE
PEOPLE’S
Fire Ins. Co.,
OF WORCESTER.
Capital, $400,000.
Insures Buildings. Merchandise, and Persona! Property
generally, on a» favorable terms as any sound and well
conducted Stock or Mutual Company. The first class of
Dwelling Houses and their attachments, Fann Building*
and their contents, insured for one or five years.
Buildings in process o erection, or repair, insured for
any time desired, on reasonable terms. Losses equitably
adjusted and promptly paid.
INSURANCE PLACED TO AAY
AMOIM’ IM THE MOST RESPONSE
KLE COMPANIES IX THE UNITED
STATES.
AUGUSTUS N. CURRIER. Secretary.
HENRY CHAPIN, President.
SAMVEL H. COLTON. Treasurer.
Dium-toks.—Alex. H. Bullock, Joseph Boyden, E. L.
Brigham, George A. Brown, Henry Chapin, Sam'l U.
CoUun. Aug. N. Currier. Edward Earle, John G. Ken
dall. John C. Mason, Philip L. Moen, Joseph Pratt, H.
Tower, Wm. Workman, Jona. Warren.
nl dtf
£>AY state EI HE INSUBANOB
COMPANY OF WORCESTER MASS.
Oiiice Alain St., over Citizens Rauk,
Chartered in 18ik). Capital pa‘d in... .|104,k0« 00
Cash Assets 200.000 00
Insures Buildings, Merchandise. Manuthctoriea, and
Personal Property generally.
Directors—Stephen Salisbury, F. H. Dewey, Lewi*
Barnard, F. 11. Kinnlcutt, Geo. W. Richardson, Isaac
Davis, Josiah 11. Clarke. Chas. B. Pratt, Wm. S. Davis,
Samuel Woodward, Samuel A. Porter of Worcester; Jacob
Edwards, Jr.. Boston; A. C. Mayhew. Milford; C. G.
Stevens, Clinton; J M. C. Armsby. Worceser; Isaac
Prouty, Spencer; Geo. C. Davis, Northboro
WM. S DAVIS, President.
U. C. Crosby. Jr., Secretary. deodtt mil
Only SSOOO at Risk at Chicago.
Holyoke mutual it he insuk.
ANCE CO., Salem, Mass.
Cush Fund Aug. 1, ISU9, Over 9187,000.
AUGUSTUS STORY. President.
THOMAS 11. JOHNSON, Secretary.
Insures Buildings, Merchandise, Household Furniture,
and personal property generally, as low as any stuck com
pany, and pays return dividends from 20 to 40 Der cent on
the premiums received.
All losses promptly adjusted and paid.
S. A. HOWLAND. Agent,
Office 10 Pearl it.
Worcester. Aug. 1. L%9 CD deodtf
gTA T K If UTU Ali
LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY.
OF WORCESTER. MASS.
ISAAC DAVIS. President
CLARENDON HARRIS,
Accumulated Fund $1,035,007 04.
Losses Paid 00.
Dividends Paid 4O«.»OO U*.
CHARTERED 1844.
Principles: Cash'fa all business—Care in th* selec
tion of risks—Prudence in investing the premiums—
Economy In management—Annual Dividends of inr-
Blus8 lus—Contribution plan of distribution—all Policies
onforfeitable under the law ol Massachusetts—a
ull Equivalent to the Policy-holders for every
dollar paid to the Company. Tho Company having no
stockholders to make a profit out of tno business, th*
entire assets and all the accruing surplus belong to
pulict Holders alone.
1 ie widows and orphans of the insured are not
quired to lake any part of the insurance, when it
comes a claim, in the premium nutes ot the deceased.
The Interest Alone received on the Invested Fund*
of the Company in the last ten years has paid all the
losses by death during that period and thirty-five (35)
percent, of all other expenses. What other Life Cumi
pany can show as good a recurd
GOOD RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED. Liberal
term* will be ottered Ito the sight men. Apply to the
Supt. us Agencies, at the office ot the Coin patty.
M.iu»«.