CHICAGO.
Graphic Description of the Destruction
of the City that Was.
The Loss $475,000,000 and
Two Hundred Lives.
THE RED MARCH OF THE FLAMES.
Mad People in a Hell
of* Fire.
THIEVES AND MURDERERS.
The Reign of Terror After
tlie Rain.
CHILDBIRTH UND2B CHILLY STARS
Chicago, Oct. l?, 1871.
The sun sntnes to-day on aqu&re mites of mined
walla and rugged streets heaped with unsightly
rubbish. A week a?o to-day Ihts same space
?raoked and named with furious devastation, and
only ten days ago tt was oovered with stately edl
flees which seemed built for eternity and poopled
with a hundred thonBand souls who grew rich, and
married and were given In marriage, even as men
shall do on the eve of the last day ?r Are and wrath,
Chicago (teietiOa <-st. Chicago Is wiped out.
The story ot Its obliteration has been very fully
told In the columns of the Nbw York Herald, and
the terrible picture presented with ail the vigor and
enterprise which marked the same Hbrald's
description of a similar, tnongli less serious, catas- 1
tmphe at New York In 1885. 11 one had heart and
time to moralize be might traoe an analogy no less
truthful than interesting between those two great
American institutions Chicago and the Hrrald?
the twin wonders or the time and the Continent. J
They are nearly of an age; the career or each has I
been marked by an enterprise and energy almost
as noun Hess as the success which waited thereon;
each lia* been the highest and most representative
type of Americanism. Here the parallel ends. To
day Chicago lies in the dust and ashes of humilia
tion. and ihe Herald lives to chronicle her agony.
And as sura as the Hbrald has seen licr rise, her
progress and her fall, so sure Is the Herald of 1815
or IPO to i=ee and reoord ner growth till she be
r >mes in population, In influence and in trade the
equal <>f New York.
Solull r ive your reports been that all that now
remains for me to do Is to give the statistics and
Ojurea which have not been published as yet; to
cull from my notebooks and memory a lew Incidents
ot interest which may have escaped your attention,
and Anally to review the situation as It now exists,
and, in so far as 1 can, forecast the future of the
city.
Statistics first. The lire originated on De Koven 1
and Jefferson streets at thirty-two minutes past
nine on Sunday evening, October 7, and terminated
on the morning of Tuesday, October 0, In the house
or or. Oyars. On the south side of the river one
Mock was left standing? the Lynn blo:k, at Lake
street bridge. On tie north side one house? the
residence ot Mr. Mahlon D. Ogden. corner of North
Dearborn sireet and Latayette place? was left un
touched. The track of the fire was about three
miles long by one and a half mile wide. The area
covered was about 2,680 acres; the houses burned
numbered 21,000. There were rendered homeless or
thrown out of employment 110,000, of whom 20,000
to 30,00 j nave left town and about 60,000 are tne re
cipients ot public charity. Tne losses will probably
foot up as follows;
On buildings $75,000,000
On AtocKS and lurnlsfiing lAo,oo?,<iuo
On personal property and furniture 8/,5uO,ooo
Total $272,600,000
To thw may be a lded the following Items:?
I>epreciacion in real emote $120,000,000
Loss on tail business (profits only) 2u,0?0,0oj
Cost of xiiSUining sufferer* 8,000 000
Cost ot reHiimpuon 50,009,000
Total |^,00o>0
la all, the lorn will foot tip about $476,000,000,
without including probable loss from t-uspenilon.
I He Insurance cannot yet be ascertained, but will
proDabW amount to about $52,000,0J0, of which from
l^.ou.ooo to $41.00 ooo will be paid. The number
jt bodies recovered thus tar is about ninety-five, but
It Is safe to coudude that 20o people met their
Heath in the flames. The losses by thelt are vari
ously estimated at from f5,ooo,oo) to f8. 000,000.
1 lie origiu of the fire mar be stated, as it will be
Historical. A woman named Scully, residing on
(>e Koven street, had a sick calf, and went out wttfc
a candle to attend to Its wants. The candle was
overtu ue i. and the flame set the loose hay on fire;
the building of dry wool blazed op in a moment,
and the Ore spread so rapidly that ten houses were
Darning when the brigade readied the spot.
The tire bnrnea in two columns? one between
Cunton and Jeflerson streets, the other between
rilntoa and Canal streets. The wind, which was
very high, blew from the soutnwest, driving the
lames directly to the northeast. At the same time
the Ore ate Into the wind both east and
west. One column moved much more rapidly than
the other. Their progress on the west side was
checked by the burned district of Saturday's Are.
1h?y crossed the river in two places and struck
across the south sine in an air line, one column
rushing flercely forward, overpowering all resist
ance, the other spreading more slowlv to the soath
mid wen, and being checked at Harrison street by
blowing up houses. The progress due west was so
now ttiat though it was only midnight wliea the
fames crossed Malison street, two blocks rrom the
river, it Wits broad day ere thoae two blocks were
burnea. On the north side the fire ran far more
rapidly, the l.ghi wooden buildings lairly melting
away t?efore it. It stopped only berauae there was
nothing more to burn.
T ie progress of ttie Are was mark<yl by one pe< u
luulty? It resembled a warlike advance and battle.
The wind earned the embers and burning brands to
a great disi toce, an* thus little skirmishes were
always going on tar in advance of the main body.
Tue advsmed guard or light divisions followed
tiiev, and twept away the buildings which had re
sisted the flying sparks, but i?It the great blocks
ttie Ci'mtoin House. Sherman House Post Office, Tri
Ounf building. Ac.? almost unscathed. until the
main bodv, travelling more slowly, came up and
*wi|ii these into utter nothingne?s. Thus
me sight was terribly grand. Perhaps a
mile to the northward small jets or sinoke
allowed where the ember* had alighted. A
lew hundred yarila nearer five or six
email Ores, at some distance from each
?itlier, had broken out. Lehinl these again came a
long aud unbroken line of flame sweeping away
everything light, and behind this was a contusion of
smoke aud dame burning nearer the ground, while
here and tl.cre stood up the stouter building*, ca -h
a burning pyramid, like islands of flre in a sea or
flame and smoke. It was this that battled the tire
men. i tiey could never reacn the outskirts or the
lire. It they uioved back and took a fresh position
ttie are went over thel' heads and flanked them.
or ttie scene, eloquent as your reporters have
been, you nave as yet had no adequate description;
nor can 1, although familiar with its horrors, pre
tend to pal Lit it so falinruity as to enable your read
ers to see U as it was. There are men living who
saw the great tire 111 New York; many have seen
Paris all abliue; but these were nothing beside
wtiat ran be called the great lire of the world.
'J hero were perhaps 16), 00 or -.wo.ooo people In the
streets, all sUouiing wim excitement; the air was
rent with t >e crash of tumbling walls, the nlss of
water, t tie ecaseiess pant, pant of the engines, the
e ",ul??siou of gunpowder, the braying of triun
pet*, ihe flapping or the flaines, tne roar
of the wind and the t>ra2 -n clang or the great
tielL There was lire every wheie. The st reefs
where the tar in the seams 01 ihe Mcolsou pavement
had csughi lire were traversed with their parallels
of fhune, tui the? looked like Nt. Lawrence's grid
iron. The sidewalks tunned as rapidly as a man
could walk. Ihe gutters in some places were
flooded wim petroleum or spir.ia, and wbon the
flames rea< lied litem a simultaneous flash from one
Mtreet comer to ttie next would show with the aud
leiinea* i t an exulos.ou of gunpowder. Ihe roofs
r aoiue houses were pcr.ectir covered wim
flake* of fire thick as flake* of snow, home
?parkie.i ome and weni out, some bumcd without
fiiiie but wiUi spiteful Uttls pulls of a moke;
otkera glowed a sullen red. In others
the fl re would run along the eavea tn
a moment; In another breath it would b'.irat out oi
everv window and curl up from either side, meeting
la a" blood-red sheet, fringed with black amojre
nbove the ridge pole. Looking down some or me
sueeui w nerc tho oulidings wore lofty, as on La
Halle and Washington, two walla ol tire could oo
seeu, actually arihed over with a roof of flame.
1 he wln.l rav<-d tluough the streets as through a
tunnel, suckiug up the fiamea and sending tneni
rouuu the cornet* and agnUi?t deiioued buildings
With. ft Jnrc^ which uolhlug could wim^
staiiu. The l?,ri?ei' Moc-M of ^.'l.l atoM atoort the
fire for a loay: tune: then Uoui witf&o*
dow a crimaon jet would split out, making foatoona
of Are from basement to roof. Htga over nona a
great pale golden rod cloud rolled ita fleccy billowa,
each over the other, away to the north and [coat
Sometimes a lower current drove a _ part of t ?ia
flory atmosphere back; tiieu an aerial eddv was j
formed. winch made the eye giddy '?7ni*ikjinioke
at times a spire ol fierce red flauie and black wow
would tower up and melt away. Thtj gorgeoul
canopy was starred with a mynad
aud large brsnda that h p rtle J and nut led r0 uk
It For miles out ou tM la*? me awitu
fenfire was seen. The dogs for miles aro.md fiayed I
at the unwonted 1 Ig h t, a nut he cock a w ere r?us??
to crow, thinking H already day. All through mis
awiu< scene but one linage reverted to tne thai in
the eighteenth chapter of Revelations, hen in tho
BTpnt citv Babylon, la represented as being ae
utroyed, it required no great feat of imajclnailoa to
recall that great city thai M.?d dellcWisly and nne
in the merchandise of gold, and silver, ana fine
linen and purple, and crimson, and odors, and Una
flour and sheep, and beasts, and wheat, and souls
of inen. and made rich ail who had ships in the sea
by reason of hor coatlineas, and which waa made i
desolate In oue hour. j
The brute creation acted aa If the Last Day hart
come with ail its terrors. The horses bit and reared
and struck wildly with their hoofa, neighing with
terror, or actually lav down In their harness, every
muscle relaxed with horror, and foam falling n?m
their mouths in showers. The aogs ran through
the crowd sniffing anxiously at everybody's legs,
narking excitedly, or at times sitting on their
tails to howl dismally aud tnauaplclously.
Cats, wild witn the unwonted confusion,
scurried over tho roofs and dropped
Into tne streets with arched spine and gigantic tail.
The rata were nnven out by myriads from under tne
aide walks and rubbed against men's ankles In the
street, were trodden upon, shouted at, driven into
the flames with vicious squeals The most touching
sound lu the whole Are was the human like scream
from the poor Utile birds In a bird fancier a sto.e
when the flames caugnt It.
And the peoDle were ail mad. The streets were
packed densely, the fences and frail sidewalks
crowded. These broke down and rolled their living
irelght in the oust, where they were trampled upon
b\ the thousands who in blind panics naw surged
madly towards the scene ol action, theu swayed as
madly back. Through the midst or these
thrones poured a ceapele^a Ptream of fugitive*.
Almost every one was bareheaded, many were bare
footed and left bloody marks on the difficult pave
ments. All wore a scared and anxloaa loot. The
women were lamentiug loudly. Each carried a
shapeless bundlo over one arm and a baby In the
other, while a couple of orylng children clung at
her skirts, to be swept awav by some eddy ol me
crowd and to fill the air with pitiable shrieks. The
men saved less than the women. Many were drunk
with liquor, as well as with excitement, and fought
and shouted aud danced in the streets, or
Indulged in norriole blasphemies or loud and
maudlin bemoaniugs of their losses. Some rushed i
up to the tire and had to do torn away from it by
main force, else tney would have cast themselves
headlong into the tlamos. The disreputable Huongs
which bauui l'acllio avenue. Fourth avenue and
kindred streets were out to plunder aud to riot.
They smashed glass and broke open doors, and,
with enra* countenances and blood> hands, fll'ted
hltner aud thitner. a ghastly legion ol latterde
ma ions, such as might have danced and howled
around the tumbril that bore the Sixteenth Louis
of France to the guillotine.
I had a view of the fire from the roof o t?ie l"f'y
stable and warehouse of Messrs. anr oil A
Oo.. which I shall nover forget, T'.e r.iildlngs
around ua were low and sii^ht. so that a ivtrlng
sheet of fire near to tne ground lay beneath us. e
could not see the toik In the street, but we cou.d
hear their tumuli, and It was like looking down
lutothe llerv billows of hell rolling over the despair
ing shrieking1* of the eternally lost. On the other
sine we could see tne loftier buildings burning, and
notice by the lurid light the faces of those in the
Btreet, not their bodies. There seemed U> be
m'llions ol upturned faces, full of sharply
expressed curiosity, tear, anguish, tenor,
aa men will look at the last dav. Further away
were the wide sen of unburned roola. and on the
other side the storm-lashed lake lighted up lor
miles. i-o strong was the light that we could notice
lu bold relief men walking about a building, a j
branchiuan settling his helmet more comfortably on
his head, the excited gestures of two men who were
watching the course of the Are and signalling it to
those below. The ver.v air around ub waa on toe
and living billows of flame blotted out the stars.
Ever and anon flocks of pigeons swept annles-ly into
the air oovered In uncertainty lor a minute, aud
thin feu. Si aud suflocaied, luto the roaring
^ifa faint picture of the great fire In Chicago.
As so;?n as captain Hlokey found that the Oourt
House roost go, attempts to check the Are dt blow
ing up houses having proved uselese, he wen to the
comity jail in the basement and let all ihe prisoners
loose. J heae miserable wretches. tormente<l with
a tear of ?>ei>tg burned alive, were tuggini de?neratly
at me hot l-ats of tiielr cells and Oiling the air with
hhneiks of terror, buTuecatioiis tuat made the blood
run cold and appeals for mercy from JJoil and man
AS BOOU as their do.>rs were opened the* rushed
Willi loud yells into the tumult without, and leaping
into a truck laden with clothing whicn was passing at
tne time cleared It in a moment and fled awav to
ulunder au l destroy. Only five men were Becurely
naudouiled and marched away under a strong escort j
ol police. These were ftinrdetera. irom whom tne
crowd shrank m horror, leaving them a c.ear pas
eago way even In thai ternl.Te Ume. The Court
House wan soon in flames. The walls held good
aud several times tne fires on tUe rool ?ere extin
guished. Finally it wusab tndoned, mesiriKitigappa
nitus o' the big" bell was siarted, aud it thuudered
out ita despairing clangor Incessantly, till, as ihe
hands of the clock pointed tj ten minutes past three,
the cupola heeifd over, and w Hi a lurch bell, tower
and clock sunk into the .sea oi the aud crashed
down into the raging depths.
on the north side The soeneB were the same, only
the marcn of the flames was much more rapid, and
the crowds in the streets even more miserable and
distracted. The fire hung relentlessly ou their fly
ing traces. Thev were driven from square to square
all night aud all day. Some clasped tnelr children
In their arms and rushed Into the water. Others
half burled themselves in the sand till the raging
sirocco bad paused by. They found no rest until
they were bidden in the Bhades of Lincoln Park or
were out on the inclement pvalrle. There mey
slew on Monday nlgit, without fire, food
or shelter. Tne tumnlt had now given
Diaoe to an awful silence. Seventy thousand
people were huddled together, the delicate
woman or tender child s!ilvenn< beside the brawny
laborer inured to labor and expo-ure. Ihe air of
the night waa rent with a low moan. Children
were ctving for bread or for their parents, latners
were iw'ekius their families, mothers, erased with
excitement. snricke<t for their babies. I he agonies
of childbirth overlook some in this hour. At Lin
coln 1'ark three babies were born; one only sur
vived. One poor woman wrapped ber bedclothes
around her aud crawled, with her baby, not a day
old to the door. Tney found her there, dead, tne
unconscious and naked child blindly seeking the
cold t>r ast. A gentleman in one of the noteis,
whose wife was In the very pains oi chllJ
b'rth wrapped her to a blanket and boie
her 'away. The fire chased him closely, but
he stasrgerea on. fche hnng Inert tipon
his shoulder. It waa fullv two miles Irom
the hotel ere he could lay down his burden in safety,
aud then he saw that the ryes were shut and the
jaw had fallen, and that Love had struggled on so
bravely with Death in Its arms I
>or less pitiable was the sight next day. when
thouaauds of miserable people took np their march
through the encumbered streets between the smok
ing ruins towards me west side. Tney were hag
gard with exhaustion, they shivered with cold, they
lotus red from hunger. Tne skeleton babies that
ihfse women bore were too weak to ntter their
querulous wall, and lay ltmp upon 1 heir mot hers'
Buoulders, literally bine with cold. The meu were
hatless, bootless and sullen. On went the proces
bion of tamiiui and despair to the west side. The
scenes a; the relief headquarters have already been
graphically described In the Hbkalp.
i Sander man Sodom was the scene wbe-e, only
ttfrtv-eight hours ago. Blood a pompous city, only
I the Tribune building, the Court llou-m, ihe
I Coatom House, the Flret National Bang and
shattered skeletons of ihe ?rrcat. new Blgp
low and Pacific hotels were standing. All
the otbef bull (hugs had melted away. The cellars
were filled with smopjdering and ?nmghtlj heaps
oi rubbish, among which men and wom^h JTOTe
groping for old metal. The roadway was eacnm
bt-red with dlbrls, the sidewalks had tuinoled Into
the vaults, the telegraph wires, curled and whit
ened, lay everywhere and the streel car rails were
beut Into eoeentrlc shapes by the heat. People
could not tell one street from another at first.
Imagine, If vou can, the desolation. To do so
ron must destroy In New Vork every newspaper
oTlce, every bank building, ttie Lxchange ;ind Hoard
of Trade, half of the scnools and churches, ail ol 1he
billiard halls, restanrant" and saloons, all of tne
hotels. Die custom House, Post Office, Ctljr Hall and
courts: the gas and water works, ihe theatres, the
great who esaie and retail stores, whether ol dry
goojs, groceries or Jewelry; the railroad stations,
the commission nouses, the factories and a half of
the dwelling hou-cs, and then you can pretty fully
realize our condit.on on Tuesday.
In the presence of bo much excitement and Ihe
absence of anv reliable news the wildest rumors
were afloat, and people on the souiii ?i le wete per
li juv beside ihcmsclves with fear. Tne dend were
multiplied into thousands; me lire wa- attributed to
Incendiaries. Forty people had been burned lu the
Court House; luc'-'iidiarie* had been caught In the
act and thrown into the flre: vigilance committees
had Ivnched other*; men were dangling irom lamp
posts every where all the bank vaulls had beeu
burned ou'. the rest of the city was to be burned
at night, the imldest robtwry whs still gong on;
oriiabized ^angs of thieves prowled through the
streets adeu with plunder. Hie police wen- worn
out and were wor.^c than useless. Citizen patrols
of ihe in<?st leroctous character were flrlng on pis
lols everywhere. Allan ruikcrton injudiciously in
creased me panic b? a very energetic and ex
tremely ungrammatlcal proclamation requesting his
1 men to shoot everybody who waa found anywhere
In the vicinity of a safe. Kurnoia were afloat tiut
?j ooo burglais from New lork were <n route, that
martial law had been proclaimed, that i know not
what lu short. With this description of the stale of
tnlngs iu Chicago after the ttte 1 oio this letter.
DEEDS THAT SPEAK.
New York Foots Up Nearly Three
Millions for Chicago.
Later Donations and Names of
the Contributors.
Below will be fouud a hat of Ml contributions yea
terdar made to the sufferers by the Chicago Are.
Our citizens iiave done bo nobly for this fund tbat
ther now naturally tarn to tbe call from tbe victims
of tbe Are tbat bas made a barren waste of the
homes of tbe hardy settlera on tbe shores of Lakes
lllohtffan and Baron and aajranaw Bay, many of
wboin are houseless and penniless.
ADDITIONAL SUMS REPORTED YESTERDAY
HONEYS aECEITKU I? THE KUU OFFICE.
Mimr. Amotf'.
Dickey Harrlaon $1 in
Caah 1 0
V. Ltnuu 2
S. P. Volalawaky. 187 avenue B 24 tlO I
Dr. Kahn'a Muieum of Anatomy 67 50 j
Hyonnla f> 00
Kdille 8 00
No Nuns 6 00
John Moloney (00
R. Stewart IS <<0
A. Rally 1 IK)
t. Gunning 1 00
K. Marrow. loo
B. liurenun 1 Ul
fc. Waller 1 ?<U
M.Lennon... 1 Oo
J. Hull 1 00
S. Knit 1 0)
A. McMonagan 1 03
M. Bloomfleld t Oil
R. Henu'-aay 100
N. Hennea?y 100
8. B'oomfiefd 1 VI)
M. Fan-ell 1 00
J. Marnell 1 00
W. Daniel 10 00
W. A. HawLa *00
Subnet ipttona for Iha Suiror?ra of tie Clilrnio
Fire by Noien Steer*' Planing .17111 Estnb.
linhmrot, 133th Mtrert and Ilnrlem River.
William T. Joiner f 5 TO
James Norton 6 00
Joseph B. Linn. 2 iH>
W liil am J. Sbeppard S 00
Chrla. Schmidt 1 00
John Day. 60
James Lvnoh. 1 110
John Pelauey 1 00
Thomas Jndje 1 00
G. Quln to
Veins r Ml
FreJ. Bltner 1 <HI
Matthew Morrli 1 on
FreJ. Lubo 1(41
I'etT Mc-I.ane 1 00
Patrick Gil more 60
John Cumlsky M
Kranols Whyte. 50
Francis fiatrncT 1 (HI
Robert McOoroiack 100
Cash 6 40
Charles \?'?Ue lo 00
August Wrl e 2 00
Adoipb Welde 9 00
Adam Grunheincr 1 Oil
A. C. Van Allium 2 00
Ij. Rosenbsun 50
Charles >Ve:beri 1 00
Edward Lenulng 1 00
Carl Schulze 1 00
Franz Brown S 00
William J. Hell 1 01
lienrr Oitraider 2 TO
Joun Wilmott 1 O'l
Goortje Sinter CJ
John R. MrKenzle 5 TO
John F. McK'enzie 1 00
Kolan A Steers 50 (j0
Total $116 40
Kubwlrttton to tbe Ci.ic.ieo J?uflVrer? Jointly
with sbe HnffereM from Sani- Cau<ie in Wia
I'oti'in nctl .lllcklgan by tbe Bmp'.oyn or tbe
Mt f load Hotel, C'oruer of Broadvruy and
i;ortv-?epon4 Street.
K lwarl Brazille f 5 00
Thomas Kelly 6 uo
Matthew Cahalun 6 00
FreJ Connor 1 uo
Jerry O'Reilly 1 U0
John Rormack a 00
Patrick Barry 1 04
Jamet Fowler 1 00
James Gardner 1 00
1 James Ultkerford 1 00
James Paskail 1 Oo
A. B. K ng 1 I
Girraid Byrne 1 00
H. Johrson 1 Oo
Mick Keily 1 00
Frel McGuire.... 8TO
Thomas William* 100
I James Walsh 1 00
Richard Conlcy S 00
Pe'.sr Pattigu 2 00
Henderson 1 00
8a*e0a 1 TO
Charles 1 00
Charles 1 01
Jock am 1 00
Fa:e Gordon 2 00
Eneii 60
JtfaryKlntiey 50
Kate Muler 1 Oo
J*u? McMulan I !?i
Bridget Julian ..r. I TO
Ma.garet WalsU 1 00
John Weber i uo
Kllen Weoer 1 00
Mary Wilson 1 0(1
Ann Kelly 1 00
Mary Henly 50
Mar/Uuinn to
Julia Beaty 1 Oil
Mary Wolsb 1 i
,T. 0. Col ins 1 00
C. H. Callahan 1 <.0
J. Mead 8 TO
C. Chirdr-r 50
jobn Kelly 1 TO
IS. McKoran.... 60
M. Corral 50
Bridget Miller 50
Mary Carey 60
W. Harr 2 00
Fred Hall. 1 00
William Curtis 50
Thomas Eegun 1 00
Mrs. Gosdlsit 2 00
Margaret Divan. 1 uo
Trre.se Kei'.h 1 00
Johanne Meliar 1 00
Helen Mehar 1 00
MarvAnn McCan'.ev 60
Man Carroil 60
Michael Lyiiegii 1 (XI
John hhlrney 1 oo
Ju'.e Oetltn 1 tht
Fred Catlln 1 iiO
J. M. Wood 10 00
Mary McCarthy 1 0(1
B. Vanroet I OO
Kate Flnoaqn 1 i0
Kate Small 1 uo
Sarah Herne 1 no
Terube Henderson 75
Ann McGnire I 00
M. Soroule 5 Imi
A. B 6 TO
A. M. W 5 TO
T. K. Bmltb 2 00
George <!rnlln 1 U0
Mary Purteti 1 no
Mrs. L. E. R 5 0 0
Miss Lottie 1 00
Miss MaSel 1 00
Jobn Edwards 100
ToUl 7B
Ol which tin re !s for Chlciig'j CI Hi
Weber's I'irno Forte IMiiniifHrtory t'uliacrlp.
lion.
Albert Weber MjCO TO
O.to Ueliele 1 no
Aaron Howe 1 no
Takoh Kuchi 1 no
W. Glen Ml
F. Km it oo
Jobn Herkelly 60
J. tVaener Mi
O. J. tlaagensen 60
P. Boflner (0
T. Kollmann 60
Fr. 8te n 1 oo
J. Michel 60
Eri.at Scliwabe 6o
Stroud S 00
W. Lltidenberg 1 uo
John Jaeger 50
Petnr Menkes 50
Charles Eppenback 50
Henry Kemrel... I 01
Jobn Bletseb In
Jobn Htohrs 5"
Charles fans 50
Julias Relchenliacb 1
Ml*. {jonSuet
H. Miller ".rr. -.TK.',,
Nor lmanri M
J. K. Sandfraw 1 00
S. Gnmoud 1 00
D. llalroi-sen 60
A. Hauek 1
A. Peterson 1 oo
M. Aisen 1 no
ScbneMer 1 (0
Bcrgmann 1 oo
Campbell 1 no
A. Retzlnff 100
John Ammon y oo
Cbr. Bchaeffer o 00
lUnry H. Brlede j M
Willlsm Hanley 1 m
H. Klny loo
Andrew Mills m yg
Branlg oo
E. Vinleky 1 oo
Fr. Enariss 1 go
L. H. Antisr
H. Dentschman on
J. B. Taylor 2 oo
"?Tr,oh,M 1 TO
I). Palran. j no
F. Itenmnt i ny
Wliimm \iubue a rn
m. iHir'ut *y,
T. Ilores 1 (l0
B. Krgel I TO
C.Thnaac r
100
G. Vol* i no
William Dltbrow j lnl
F. huitth
h. j
Charles Boliormann j
Hugo gtelnmeyer
S( eldel j (lU
Fred. Kreton 1 00
B. 11. Baitholomu 1 00
O Andersen 1 qa
Cbarles Claen a t)0
Ch. betller 1 no
C. Thong aa 1 oO
O. Htorek 1 no
John Nsisson..., j no
Jaoob Mayer nu
I Julio UalHg I 10
Ifmmo, AmoiM.
Phillip Mlchols... I (U
Gustav Hurgtnann 1 00
O. Felsrson 1 W
1'., Ruiitr 1 00
W. Keller 1 00
II. T. Koch...,; 160
II. Sebren S"
pp|?r t!n;euhum-r 1 00
Jllttipll Hrtt W
M. i>n
Utoll 80
T1. W
W. Photer W
T. Falk 60
y. Uhristmsnn I 00
k. w^f
S. Rtunpus 1 00
A. Banning 1 00
Henry Winger 60
"iLm'v*r M
H. BabMF. .Trrrout 100
John Wlnshofer. _50
Samuel w urtoni....... r.rjrr.r. ..i. S OJ
M. Flvnn 00
John I. to" I <10
K. Flynn 1 0J
11. Graham 1 0)
Jo'au Field* 1 00
C. Mitchell 00
John Harris 1 'O
John Dennlaon 1 00
\V. Head 2 00
M. Maher 00
1*. tiormon J 00
H. Eokert J 00
B. I'.IITar J 00
K. Crook 1 00
John Gorman 1 00
F. Gehrmann 60
M. Abel M
William Dillon W
John Lawsou BO
Noel B. J 00
John J 00
C. I'nlran 1 00
F. Shroeder 1 00
1>. C. W i.ninu W>
L. Huge! J JJI
Thomas MeU 00
Ferd. Meyer 8 90
T. Slourk 100
Waller J jjJJ
Wm. Borneman 1 00
Volght 1 00
James Kaittenhaiu 01
E. F. 1 00
John K. Fleurser 1 00
Beyer... U)
1". C. Jjnes 5 00
Merk 2 00
L. Lome W
J Lyon 2 j>0
Cash 00
Total. 8?o? W
Flora Flietlner'a Sitloon.
Oeo, Alex. Fltedaer. |5 00
W. H. Hunter 2 <"0
Geo. W. Bloomflelct 2 Oil
Th H. Matthews 100
H. A. Jonoa 1 <>0
Ben. Bloom'.'<eid 2 o<>
A. Istabrook 1 00
John Schaefeu 1 HO
Win. Kennev 1 00
Dvatt A Md'herjon 1 00
M. O. Buston 1 00
Total f 16 Ou
(tt-capliaiatioii.
Total yesterlay fl.tM 50
Previously reported 10.857 U0
Total Herald account 910,013 50
Additional Chamber of Commerce Coatrtfca
tlUUM.
Mr. A. Low, Treasurer of tne Chicago Relief Com
mittee or the Chamber of Commerce, reports the
following additional subscriptions from three P. M.
ot October 18 to three P. M. October 19, 1671:?
A. P. Pram A Co %H0 Collection of Fourth l'res
Employcs 01 A. F. I'cr.m byterian Church
K Co 100 A. Goettel A Co f*M
John l.owltz A Co ?u John Jewitt Sons. .0J
First donation from New John Jewkl A Sobs, for
York aud Sandy liook Wisconsin anj MLilil
Pilots 4(H) ran sufferers 003
Employes India Rubber Employes nt John Jew
comb Company (adiil- lit a Sous' White Lead
tlonal) 25 40 Works IK!
Thos. M. HI ley, for MIcUl- Employ, s at John Jew
ltan sutlcrcrs 20 1 ltt k hon?' Llnaeed Oil
M. Hnplce A Co 100 Works. 118 It
bt. Piiltip's I'-ot. Epis. Herrmann A Lantenbach. Q00
Church, N. Y S3 65 Employes of Sturiovant,
Grat* Nathan t>0 Moore A Co 87
Bt. Barnabas Chuioh, Ir- Poor Man 1
vlnntcn, N. Y 105 10 J. ,v E. l>ruok* 10<i
Em 11* G. Nathan 100 C. B. Smith A Co l'.O
Eslltte Nathan 20
t BO.M TDK HABUWARK TRAKK, TDROUOII MR. A. R. WET
MORZ.
RtHseli Erwin Mfg. Co. Charles Parker S00
Richard P. BuO, AU'y?ll,000 George W, Bruce BOO
Sargent A Co 1,000 Norwalk Lock Co 6u0
llnrt Manufaclnring Co.. 500 P. A F. Corbln MVI
Brsnfurd Lock Co., Thos. Win. Jesson A Sons 600
Kennedy. President 50fi P. WlebuicB SOU
Hermann, Boker k CO.. 500 Clark Wilson A Co 2:0
Durne a Ruther 250 John u. Witte k Bros.... 2.0
Stan'ey Rule and Level Plume k Aliwood Mann
Company, C. L. Mea'l, factoring Company 150
Treasurer 250 Yale Look Manufacturing
Peek Stow k W>!cox Co. 2Mi Company, Stamford,
I.aaders, Krary A Clark.. !i50 Conn 2f,o
John Russell Manufaotur- H?y len, Gere A Co 200
Ing Company 2o0 Walsh, Coulter A Wiuon. SillO
Lamson and Goodnow 8cbweilser Manufactur
Manufscuinng Co. 260 ing Company 200
Merlden Cutlery Company 2!S0 Charles Peace, Jr 100
Wallace A Sons. >50 Ashllne Ward 100
New Britain Bank Lock Barton, Alexander A Wai
Company 250 lor in#
Bradley A Smith 1150 J. .v Riley Carr 100
W. A 8. Butchcr 2.>0 Wilson, HawkswortU A
AlfYed Field .1 Co 250 Co 100
Van Wart, MeCoy A Co.. 2:*) Henry Dickinson l';0
Beam k Murray 260 Abijott A Howard 100
Hllger A Sons 250 P. W. Uarrold 1C0
J as. U llllsmsoo A Co..... 100 Graham Jt Haines 100
N. B. Weed 100 Hmrt, Busick k Co JOO
Win. A. liidge .1 Co 100 Smith, Cob n x Co foJ
Spies. KJssam k Co 100 Water'>ury Brass Co li>0
1-nirr tr.> ,r. 100 S$b irerlin j A Daly loo
Iiou^'ass Manufacturing Law V Garllcns. J0J
Company 100 W. N. Seymour A Co Iu3
Lit ii'THton A Cherllu Lauder:>ach, dilhert k Co 100
Manufacturing Co 190 A. UammacucrACo 100
Brown, Harris A Hopkins 100 W. H. Crossmsn A Bro. 50
Fernaid A Sis? I'M Turner, .Seymour A JuJds 60
The Iron Age 100 W. T. A J. Mersereau. 60
Collin, Leo A Co lOO Ho rnet tOrluts Man. Co. 60
Miiury k Marshall 100 G. W. Alburlns 60
B. J. Kyre Co 60 Lyman Karwo'l 60
ttiluerti Bennett A Co.... 60 Employee Henry Sey
Euulnp A L?mnn Manu- n.our A Co 64 20
factoring Company.... 60 Employos Washbnrn 4
W. F. Shalt nek A Co.... 60 Moun Maniu lutunna
Sherinan Brothers 30 Company 6150
<^u!tckeiiliusli, )Townsend Smith A Hal! 2a
A Co 60 Alfred H. Hlldeck 8i
J. C. J./hnson A t o 6" Wm. Ilarman A Co 2 ft
Oeo. 11. Curtlas A Co f0 George Haoiierson A Co.. '^5
'f horn is E. Cable 60 Wm. Irrliig 25
American Flask aud Cap Ful'er Bros 25
Company 60 William C. Corson A
Cowing A Co., Seneca Co 25
Falls, N. Y 60 Peters Brothers 25
Samuel Roosevtt 93 Louis Struller 25
S. OIIh Livingston 26 John B. Bogart 25
T. H. Chalmers A Co 16 J. A. McKlnuese 10
J. T. i'ratt A Co 25 Employes W. N. Seymour
H. Moore 25 k Co 13
H. *J. W. King 26 J. Curley A Bro 10
livnrv Sermour A t^o.... 26 Clerk Yale Look Com
Jolm S. Holler A Co 20 pany 6
John W. Whitehead 10 Cash 4
Total j|2ii.mw D6
Preylously reported 616, 9o5 93
Grand total by the chamber of Commerce $686,1*08 81*
I ontriiiutr<l by tli*- TV I ^nr.irce i omimnips.
E'liiltahle <110.000 Brooklyn 1,000
Mutual 10,1)00 Anchor l.COO
New York 5.UXI Government Security
North America 5,00ij Life BOO
Washington 6.M1U Craftsmen's Life SMI
Globe 2,500 Mutual Prolnrtion Life 230
Continental 2,000 Oilleers nnJ Employes
Knickerbocker 1.5<? Equitable l.lfe 1,500
Guardian 1.000 Oliccrs and Employes
Security l.'-'OO Continental Life..... 550
Universal l.!JO0
Total Life ln?urance Companies, $4K,0f>0
Less pnvlouUy reported 1H.U00
Total f additional $2?,O.VO
Hall of which will go to tl.? Forest Fire Fu id.
I.tiiploytn oi V. (>odibAii'i A I o? No. 410
Broome Htreet.
I?fehre $5 Deiahandy 81
Aug. Vtel 6 Gamble 1
P. McKlroy 6 Chaa. Boesait 1
J. B. Knoxson 2 Llndstroin 1
E. Lyman 2 Hoffmann I
Joe Smith 2 MIssGodchaud 1
Soureli 2 Mls? McKlroy 1
Flandtaw 2 Mlts Young 1
NIc. ANon 2 Miss Fowler 1
MI<sCo;iry 1 Miss Ryan 1
Miss Ennis 1 Miss A. Ryan 1
Total
Mla-rllnm ?a? Rej ori<d Ye lerdsy.
Heiseenbutiln A Weisae 1160 00
Boss A Clark 100 (X)
Mariners' church P16 81
Stadt Theatre Contribution 2,870 00
Singer Sewing Machine employes 2,000 00
Thomas Jeeaop, Mhmlleld, England 10,000 00
At other newspaper odlcas 101 00
Church of the Strangers *00 00
Handyslde A Henderson, Glasgow SB.iioo 00
Total $40,086 81
RKf Al1 II I' (.A KOX OF YESTERDiV'S COt
LEC1IMB.
Receive: at HKRALlt ORIce Vl.'tt SO
Lite Insurance Companies IU.o26 ml
Chamber or Commerce tll.OuO M
Miscellaneous. 40,168 81
Total yesterday 1874,049 27
Previously sported (cash> 1,786,420 M
Total money 91, 860,1/76 6J
Add supplies., ?75,000 0U
Grand total New York (about). 4>.',4&>,U76 02
THE CHICAGO REMIT Fl\D OF BROOKLV1V.
The coninbntiona for the relief of the Chicago
nufler'-rs at the Major's offloe yeaterlajr were $271.
Tne total amount now subwrlbed In Brooklyn, in
eluding tne appropriation l>j toe city, la $l7o,uuo.
Rrsaklyn Police Generosity.
F.iTorls are being made by the police captains of
ll.ooklyn to have their men ?ubacrlbe to the grand
(und for the Chicago nulTerera. lno patrolmen weto
liiat year cut down In their pay by the Legislature
from f 1,200 to fl,000, while the captains' salarlea
were increased from |l,B0J to |2,OoO. The pay of
the Aew York police force remained Intact.
Henoe the guardians of the public peace and
moral* of lue City oi Churches contend tuat
their Hew York 'brethren, wlio b***
generously, can belter afford to <lo so. Bat not do
airing to be outdone in deeds ot charity such as the
one which animates the whole world at the pres
ent time, the patrolmen of Brooklyn say that they
will sign over all claim to back pay from the 1st
Januar>, 1871, to the present, IX the State Legisla
ture will but gnarantee to vote them their old
standard pay? tl, 200 per annum from the Brat dav
of 1H71. This Is a most generous offer, but Lu prac
ticability is questionable.
DESPATCHES, LETTE2S A!f? AW.
A performance took place at the suit Theatre on
Tuesday evcniug, given by Mr. Bandmann. of tne
comedy. "A Glass of Water," in which he appeared
as Lord BoUngbroke, and the entire proceeds of the
performance were announced as intended to be ap
propriated for the "Chicago Roller and Aid Pand."
Tho house was crowded, and the evening's enter
tainment obtained a unanimous and enihuslastlo
applause. The resnlt of this act of charity was
made known yesterday by the forwarding or
$2,370 63 to the Mayor or Chicago, The amount was
forwarded through the banking house of Green
bauin Bros. A Co., bankers, Broadway.
The pupils or Ponnlngton (N. J.) Methodist Bplsco
Sal Church Seminary bave collected and forwarded
Chicago *804.
A grand ball match will take place to-day (Friday)
afternoon on the Union grounds, Williamsburg, In
aid of the Chlcairo sufferers. The contestants will
be the celebrated Athletics, of Philadelphia, with
tue inimitable Martin as pitcher, and tne no less
famons Mntnals, of this city, with Arthur Cum
in ingn, of the Stars, as their pitcher. The game
will commence promptly at hair-past two o'clock,
and those who are desirous ol witnessing a really
fine display of the beauties of onr national game, and
at the name time contributing something towards
the alleviation of the sufferings ot me unfortunate
Chlcagoians should not fail to be on baud.
Chicago, Oct. lit. 187 1.
To the Ahrricah Committkb, London, through
Drexel, Morgan A Co.
We are advised that you have made an additional
remittance of ?2,530 to our stricken people. Your
generosity dofles space. As the wonderful gifts have
been flashed to us from atl parts or the earth we
are lifted from our desolation, Tne arm or tho
civilized world is thrown around us. Heaven bless
you for this needed help and for the language or
encouragement and deep love which it speaks to
our afflicted people. R. B. MASON, Mayor.
CmcAao, Oct. 18, 1871.
1o the Lord Mayor or London, England, through
Drexel, Moriran A Co.
We, this moment, have your advice or Yonr Lord
ship's further remittance of ?7, 000 in Mhnlf of our
afflicted citizens. Onr calamity has den'.m ?ted tho
universal brotherhood of mankind. It Your Lord
ship and our English brethern conld sec how, In our
desolation, the gilts give us heart for the present
and nope ror the rutuio. It would be a richer reward
and deeper acknowledgment than our tears aud
words of gratitude can posdlbly express.
R. B. MAbON, Mayor.
To thk Editor op thh Herald:?
The collection In the Church of the Btranuer?. Rev,
Dr. Deems, last Sunday nisrht, tor the Chicago suf
rcrers. amounted to $:too. Large pacKages or cloth
ing have been sent in since last Sunday, and will be
forwarded this week. Most respectfully,
O. W. HOLLAND, per Committee.
Nbw York, Oct. 19, 19:1.
Anchor Limb of Stbamships, 1
Nbw York, Oct. 19, 1S71.
To TTtK Epitor op TfiK Hekai.d:
we are this morning In receipt or the ro'iowlng
cable message irom our head office in Glasgow,
viz.
Oi.asoow, Oct. 19, 1371.
HF?n>FttsoM nnofl. New York:
I'ajr turoiich uur Chic-itfo house iCS.OOO sterling tr> Major
M noon, ot Chicago, on account of (Vassow iubsorlptlon for
?tulerera by conflagration mt Ohlr.rvso.
HANDY3IDI5 ft HKNJPRRfOM.
We have advised our firm at Chicago accordingly.
Yours respeet'n'ly,
HENDERSON BROS., per El. Perry.
To tub Editor op tub FIkkalo:?
While the sweet spirit or ctiarlty animates bo
actively every phase ot society in sympathy for
Clticauo, niav no a lover of the ?'TurP' offer a sug
gestion with* a view to the relief of tha sufferers.
We have a splendid race course near by? Jerome
Park. I11 the adjoining stables are to-;lay some of
the tlnest horses in the world. Before they are taken
away let us have' one more day's running i or tho
beneflt of Chicago, in this pleasant weather the
attraction of a four-mile da?h would Becure an at
tendance of rank and fashion of f 10,000 at $1 a
bead. Yours truly, R. G. D., 73 Fourth avenue.
Octobkb l?, 1371.
THE FOREST FIRE FMD.
The People Awake to the Nec?ssi
1 1 os of the Sufferers.
LAUUE COXTBIflUTIONS TESTE IfDAY.
Below will be found further donations made yes
terday for the suflercrs by the forest tires in Michi
gan, Wisconsin and Iowa:?
Btonryn Il? reived Yi'stfrisy nt the fieruld
Offlco.
JTmif. Amn-p I.
Florlane ft 0#
Mr*. Harris oil, ilalltmore, MJ 7^ ft'. JO 1)0
E. H J?rr 90 00
A. 0 3 <10
E. A. R 8
Rocln 1 no
Mrs. H. tlireeh 2H M
C. Vasrt A Co. CO Muriay street 100 (>0
W. Hantet 15
Cash 2 00
James A. Polbainu) (0 (k>
New Yorker i jti
Contributions RecMvert by ('ntlin, Rrnndr^l
418 nud 450 llromlwuy und 19 and
14 Crosby rttrect.
Cattln, Hrun irclt A Co SS0 00
BuauMinz, Hunt Co.... 60 0U
Woodward, Lawrence ft Co f> i 01)
Almy ft Co 50 (0
f3pra;iie, Colburn A Co 1,1 00
K. K. Mndge, rinwyer ft Co Bo :.0
Thomas J. Davis 50 "0
Hardl ft Co 60 00
I'ostor. Walkenshaw A Co B0 00
I'arker, Wilder A Co 60 00
J. 8. Noyse...... 60 04
E. Mathews CO 00
Thomas ft Co.... 60 00
W. O. Langiey x Co 60 (10
1. Uolbermaun A Co 60 00
James Wilde, Jr., A Co B0 00
Adrisnce, Bobbins A Co 36 00
John Blade ft Co ?6 00
UibT, Whitman ft C-o 8} 00
Nichols, Van Vorst ft Co 26 "0
N. W. Rikcr M
llarr.i Rassak IfjJ
John L. Plummer 10 <H)
C. U. t'eet ft Co 25 0
Total 4970 00
Total lleralil account yesterday 277 60
Previously reported 1,605 UO
Total received at 11 rk^i.D office 91,974 30
OtVicr Donntltn*.
Employe! of Equitable Life Insurance Co $.100 00
M m. La wan 10 110
Employes St. Cloud Hotel 02 90
Life Innuranee collections..... 44,(I8S 00
Giber new*|?n?er otlioaa 60 00
Tout wuTrt j
R KC APIITLiTlO!! OF YESTERDAY.
Rfcftlv^ (hi Herald office #^7 >0
Olliir diioAliuM Mi*7 W
Total yesterday $24,a:? 40
iTf riouily reported 8, *487 44
Or?nd total $33,822 84
ASSIST C3 OR WE PERISH.
The Vksiiji* of the Fire In the North weal?
App??li for Aid.
Oclow will be fonnd letters And memoranda rela
tive to tte Are In the forests of the Northweat:?
The calamities that hare befallen oar HUte and eome of
our neighboring State* are trnlr appalling. Over Arte,
hundred men, women and children bare been burned to
death In Wisconsin alone, and rait number* are now buffer
ing and helpless. aud under medical oare, from the effects of
the Bres from whloli they but partially escaped. Th?lr bouses
aud farm* are, to a Urge extent, utterly destroyed, the rery
?oil bar lug 1 1 ur ned upaotl destroyed ad their autumn and root
ciops. They are utterly deatitute and will require full sup
purt at lessc tlil another sessoa. Reran counties In our oirn
State are thu* In great part utterly desolated. Whole regions
ot country In Western Michigan are In the same con Jition,
and theM tiree are (till raging and destroying.
Milwaukee fa doing all etie can do. By her clone neighbor
hood to Chicago she waa enabled to tend large quantities of
supplies Into that derastaied city during tlia progress oi the
tire, feeding her firemen and exhausted cltliens. Vaat
numbers of Chicago sufferers are now filling our houses and
public buildings, aud we are ministering to their necessities.
We hare forwarded hundreds of tost of prorl'tons and
clothing and stores an<l other ne idful supplies to Uhloago to
Mortlirrn Wisconsin and to Western Michigan. We are doing
our utmost. But the amount of suffering In our own Slat#
Is beyond our power to assuage.
We a|>peal to ihs great publia ror aid. We will he the dl?
penssrs of supplies to sufterers in Wisconsin end Western
Michigan. We hare miide ercry necessary arrangement to
accomplish these purposes with economy and eiTeot.
All contributions In money may lie sent to Mr. Alexander
Mitchell, banker, and all contributions of food, clothing, ben
ding and other ncaissary supplies may tie dlrsctsd lion.
Harrison Ludlngton, Maror.
M ti.w aukkk, Wia., Oot. 14, lffl.
BRI.ICF OOWMITT1B.
lion. Harrison Ludingfon, Mayor.
lion. Alexander Mitchell, banker.
Jobn l'lanklntoti, of I'lanklnton A Armour.
tkio. W. Allen, or Wisconsin Leather Company.
Angus Hralth, of Angus rirnllb A Co.
(Juido I'flater, leather manufacturer.
John Oahlman, wholesale grocer.
Charles K. Ilaley, of Maraliall h llsler.
Fred. Layton. p?rk packer.
K.l ward Henderson, mliler.
WUllam P. McLaren, commission merchanv
Willjsm Young, commission merchauU
John Nairo, hardware merchant.
U 11. Kollocg. urskin luercUaaC
of smith. Chandler A Co.
f Dntehsr. of Duteher, Vuaa 4 Adams.
Julius (loll, of Doll A Frank.
John Black, wholesale liquor dsaler
0. J. Kershaw, commission merchant.
WILLIAM J. LANSOK, Secretary.
The contribution of "Jeamea" to the above tam?
Urba' o Pabllaued la Tuesday's
The following appeal has been Issued by Mr. Zim
merman. of 47 Exchange place:
To ALI. H0I.I.ANUXR8, DKSORlfDANTS OF tlOLLASDRBS
ani? Othrrh:?
In view of the great suffertnat esusel br the terrible flrea tm
Michigan the town of Holland, In that Htate, settled by Hot
innileri, bat been entirely destroyea. Being desirous to r?
lieve tbe sufferings of these people, and at once, I hare r%
quested Mr. J. Van Srhalck, Danker, of No. IS Broad street,
to act as treasurer of a fund, as above. Be has net only
kindly consented. but will alto nte bit best Influence to itk
tain subscriptions, and tbe funds will be duly forwarded I*
the proper channel. I respectfully request all Hollander^
othert and my friends to sand saoecrlptloni to Mr. Tan
Schaiok, treasure*. J. E. 21MMBRMAX
Niw YORK, Oct. 19, 1871.
The Anchor Lire Insurance Company acknowl
edges the receipt of the following supplier for the
Manistee suflerers:? One package of clothing, from
Fuller; two packages of clothing, from Mrs. Lane;
one box of cfothln from Oramre, N. J. four pack*
ages of clothing, from Mrs. R. W. Lawaon; one box
of clothing, from G. w. Smith; one package or
clothing, from A. A. C., Orange. N. J.i Mrs. ft. W.
Lawson. cash, $10; two cases bedqntlts (new), froa
ladies of Plymouth church, Brooklyn.
The following la a list of contributions collected ta
Brooklyn and lorwarded this day to Governor Bald
win, Detroit, Mich.:? Johnson Brothers, one case
drng?; j. G. Kilburn. one oase drugs; Mrs. Tratt
Mvrtle avenue, one bundle clothing; Mrs. Smith,
Myrtle avenue, one bundle clothing: Messrs. tla*
Ki, Myrtle avenue, one bundle clothing; Miss Julia
ttle, Bedford avenue, two bundles clotMsgt
Jusilson, Jr.. SkiUtnan street, one bundle clothings
friends, two bundles clothing; Mrs. flolman, 30T La
layette avenue, one bale clothing; one package of
music, from McNab A Co., 067 Myrtle avenue, is
Messrs. Root k Cadv, Chicago, 111.
Meeting of Dele-inn* at Delmoiiii-o'n? Relief for
Compatrlotn In Grren Bar.
A meeting of Belgians residing In this city was
hsld last evening at Delmonlco's, corner Chambers
street and Broadway, to take steps for the relief o!
Belgians burur out at Green Bav, in Wisconsin. Mir.
Charles Mall, Consul In this city, was President;
Mr. Lamarche, Vice President, and Mr. Larldon,
Secretary. These officers were empowered to re
ceive subscriptions. A vote of thanks was given
Mr. Mall for having already forwarded $500. The
Belgian Minister In Washington and Consuls in ths
States will be asked to aid In the good work.
Subscriptions will be received at the Consul's
office. $1,276 was handed In last evening In a few
momeuts.
CL0THHJ3 AND FE3DING CHICAGO.
Further List of Mnppllen Went by the Brte
Railroad.
The following are the supplies sent, via Erie Rail
road, to the victims of the Chicago lire. AH articles
sent to the office of the Boston and New York Ex
press or to the Twenty-third street ferry will be for
warded:?
A nth on Memorial church, 1 ciso^ clothing.
Mrs. Simmon*, 137 MadUnn arunue, 1 case clotblng.
P. Hart A Co.. 1 bag clotblng.
No nam1; (New York and Botton Eiprest), 1 case clothing,
1 package clothing.
llitx'ey A Dunne, 87 Jane street, 1 box olothlng.
868 Broadway. 1 bo*.
No name New York and Boston Express), 2 case* clothing.
John Faber 990 Sixth avenue, 1 package clothing.
Josie Martin, 16 West Sixteenth street, 1 tmnk clothing.
Mrs. Wilatus, 266 Bowery, I packaae clotblng.
No name (New York and Boston Express), 1 case clothing
2 ptckajm do.
St. Andrew's church. 8 cases olothlng, 8 barrels do.
O. will taker, 404 Kast 130th street. 1 barrel clothlni.
Franklin A Co.. 46 Em Konrtei ith ttreet. 1 cue clothing
J. Hach, 864 West Fourteenth street, 1 cate clothing.
Thlrty-secon'l precinct New York Police, 13 cases clothing
B. S. H. Good, 5 c.ises doming.
Rev. Stephen 11. Trog, Jr., Church of Holy Trinity, 4 c-ises
clothing.
Orange, N. J., Wescott't F.xproti, 7 cases clotblng, 1 bos
provisions, 2 bundles clothln*. a package clothing
Kdille Moore, 3f3 West Thirty-second street, 1 parkafls
olothlng.
Si.Iect A Co., 0S Fulton street and 938 Broadway, I cast
c'.o.hing.
No uime (New York and Bot'on Express, S packages clut*

VVaike. 1 case oloth'ng.
No n.ime, I hun'tle olothlng.
St. Mark's cburch. Tenth street and Second a?eane. 8 oa
clothing.
What thf> IiBilIn Are Dolnsr In the fhnrcltea.
The parlors and lecture rooms of some of oar city
churches present a strange appearance to the unini
tiated, filled as they are with packing boxes, gar
ments of all kinds and conditions, materials for new
clothing, and tho busy workers who are converting
all these Into available charity for Chicago. Bine*
the war there haa not been so mnch entnnsiasm
awakened in all classes or the community, and
an immonse araonnt of good Is being done by these
co-operative societies or women that are Bending M
Chicago and to the Northwest old and new clothing,
bedding, blankets, snoes, hats and everything that
enn be made useful to men, women and children
w&o have lost everything.
At St. Thomas' Episcopal church, Rev. Drv
Morgan rector, tho ladies have organized a
relief society,, an<\ Jarge numbers work
every day ?.n tne oioister fUvSu of the churoh,
and propose to contlune worki ig WbliS
jtim call for help. Two boxes, valued at t2id,
have aheady been sent West, one In care of Rev.
Pr. Clinton Locke, lor the inmates of St. Luke's
Hospital, and the otnor for general distribution.
Boxes are to be sent to Wiscoustn, and $400 haa
been raised to huv material for a large quantity of
bedding to be forwarded next week. s
The Anthon Memorial church (Episcopal), Forty
el(?hrh street, between Sixth and Seventh
ivenues, ts open every day, bet ween eleven au?l
one to receive contributions of clothing,
and tbe ;J<iiC3 of the chnrcu are making new gar
ments as rasf us possible. Seven valuable boxes
have been sent to Chicago, and tbe church will re
main open through the week.
St Paul's Methodist church is to l>e opened next
week for the reception of contributions and for mak
ing up clcthlug.
The ladies or Pr. Bellows' chnrch and congre
gation work every day In the Sunday school room*
adjoining tliecnurch. They forwarded 5, (too garments
last week, and ten cases of old and new clothing
this week. Eight hundred dollars has been con.
tributed ror the buying or material for bedding and
clothing, and the rooms are to be kept open as long
as it is considered necessary- So tar the contribu
tions have been sent to the Rer. Robert colyer's
church.
The Ladles' Sewing Society of Plymouth chnrch,
Brooklyn (Mr. Hecchcr's), have raised and
are making comforters and sheets and bed ticks
and Canton flann?t underclothing in large quanti
ties. Two boxes have been sent, rained at $tll
each? one to Chicago and one to the Northwest?
and their rooms arc fnll or clothing, sent froaa
every quarter, to be forwarded. Everything, from
a baby's hood to boots for men and boys, is being
s<>ried und folded and packed by the busy hands of
th- liulio*.
l>r. Cuyler's church Is open through the week to
receive all kinds of contributions.
B..CCKLYN AFFAIRS
Inmnlo* of tbe Cnanty Institution*.
The weekly reports frcm the heads of department
of the county Institutions show the number or In
mates at present to be as follows: Almshouse, 781;
Hospital, 39.1; Asylum, 721; Nursery, 418; Small rox
Hospital, 77.
The MUitnic Pry or.
Yesterday afternoon a telegram was sent from M?.
Walnwrlgiit, of Sorwalk, Conn., stating that a young
man answering the description of young Pryor, whs
disappeared from home on Sun. lay night, was at that
place. Chief Campbell despatched an otTloer to Nor
walk to see if he was the missing boy.
Burled la an Kmbnnkotrnt.
Edward Noon an, a laborer, residing In Twenty
third street, near Seventh avenue, was at work yes
terday at an embankment corner of Pourteentb
street and Seventh avenue, when a quantity of
earth caved In and bunco him. When rescued ne
was found to be badly injured about the head. Us
was taken to his home.
Kaffocnted in Death.
Patrick McManners, a laborer, residing at No.
Atlantic street, was suffocated, yesterday afternooo.
In a grain elevator at the Atiantlo dock. He was
moving some grain in Barber's stores, near the si*
vator, when he lost his balance and tumbled iota
the spout through which the grain passes, and whea
rescued lire was extinct. Tne Coroner was notified.
1 he Sunday Sehnnl ITolnn.
The annual meeting or tbe Brooklyn Sunday
School Union took place last evening at the Rink, la
Clermont a venae, and was a decided success. The
exercises were interspersed with music, addresses
and sinj{tnK ?y the Sunday school children. Th*
building was very tasterully decorated with dags of
all kinds and never looked better. There were
about one thousand Sunday school children pres
ent, and when the? all sang, under tho leadership of
Mr. Henry Camp, they made the Rink resound wita
a chorus raroly heard. The Kev. Dr*. Hall, Scnd
dcr, Talmage. Gallaher and others addressed ths
meeting.
Rtnlfirwl Pari*.
A lecture by M. Coquerel, of Paris, will be d*
llvere.l m the Church of tlio Saviour, Pterreponi
street, corner of Monroe place, Brooklyn, on Satur
day evening next, nnder tbe auspices or the Mer
cantile Library, The entire proceeds of the Icetura
will be devoted to the public purposes announced
bv the lenurer. M. Conuerel has delivered his leo
turo in New York and it has received the lushest
commendations or those wno neara it. The de
scriptions of trie scenes in Paris, a" witnessed by th?
lecturer, are or tho most vivid description and an?
well calculated to Instruct and edify those who will
have tus privilege of llsteuuiK w> juu