frnrc SUN, SATURDAY, OCTOBEB 25, 1871.
W
MITUIMY, OCTOJMiU ii, 1ft,l.
tmttirmcai Tof1.iT.
Attfi-ltNi IntlHiifr Talr-AM .t
I'ootli'i 'I lnlpfMr.l'stAani Mr IWftllN, Mftt
Lj l.eitrry Tlrtrr V r ttu.ixit p
H! I 1Mb Atenur 'I ht mtt1hvnrtt MiilrtM,
HjU .riI Opjrn HsuaeH n iVIti.tt.
HF UIH 'f hrstrr-KnrlrMfiif, Ae, M.i
Hhv lM'Htrden -Oir Atmrifi CniB. MmIm.
lllyrnpl 1 hf tP -Mmptf Pair fly, Mtlintr.
I'Nrl Pit Minn Cfrrtic-llth it., M. U til M trt.
li T. Unrnuni't Clrtftt Hlio w-ltitltm.
B.i M. JAnfftThrft1rr(rmT'"r- I
f MlfiMrrla rM Hi
Tout i''ict 0p r llou.f-i i. rf s. Y fV, Ml ti.
ffH 1 hr trM "'fiMi' N i If MufiMn Mli',
I Ml' fi utihtf 1 kfnlrp P ft Mtit1.
H (.lists, t, ihe4rf 'aiftn At.
i W JL ,rMM Ittt t Mi -on Hnli"t.
Kh for t.if icfommo .ilinn o prrtont rfslilttu uj
B; t n. idtrttiieHiii t? fr 1 he Mx wilt be rwlM at
Hj cm tfct;ir rat e hi ihr uptown a Wcrtirniet 4fi3c,
B, A t 1'J Wctt TUlity ircoiiil itirft il tttc Juiwtloa ol
tijM.uwn flurt "nth tit nil' Uoin S a M, (g 1) 1', M,
H- FOR PRESIDENT.
Hi tfttr ?r. Id tn r. 1,1 in,
R Dr. UOIIACE GREELEY,
or CLuriMQi'i.
H' A .4 tli.l sM rri.ld, u. .f. aaJ U.nJ,
Bf li.r later frBlli.f'Wmus.
I What Una llccn Dune.
Tlio Hon. WiLLtAH M. Tweed was yes
terday arrested by order of Judgo Lkaunld
of Albany. Mr. Twnr.D Is charged with dc
ccit and fraud. The warrant was served ly
EherilT Hhunan In ixrson la Mr. Twnnto's
Jiiilu olTice. Mr, 'i'wmi) h'vu biiil lu the
mm of fl.000,000 without leaving the
room. The bondsmen wero HnrofOtn Kr.L-"
i.y.Jay Goui.n, Turanti: i-'AnixY, llemr
il-AKinTC.T,-n'mri!. -F.-FTrnxnTan
Eliikfit A. Woodwaiu), Jambs H. l.vunn
.OLt, and Andukw J. CJahviiy have not it
been arrested.
Tho comnlalut agtlnst Twunn, I:;onn
tou., Qauvuy, and Woodwaud Includes an
nllldavlt from John H. ICBYSEn, specifying
tho forged warrants that were drawn In his
came.
I Shall nn Honest .Sentiment ho I'cr
vertcd to Iinsc VniXs t
Oro of the most important of the lnauy
vio suuiii'stions mado by Col. V. A. Conk-
It so In his remarkablo speech l.cforo the
t'uunclly of Political licforui on Thursday
I'vonlui:, was that In which ho deprecated
tlio fact that the Republican party aro resort
inft to eviTy.nrtifice which their Ingenuity
cau invent for the purpose of turning the
present crisis In our municipal affairs to par
tlmn nciouut. This notorious exhibition of
jiartieaubhlp Is deplorable, and cannot bu.too
Severely condemiud. The Democratic party
I. nf thu State, speaking through Its most dit
t tlugulhed leaders at tho Itochestor Couvcn-
lion, denounced In the severest ternii the
Tammany frauds, called for the prompt pnn
Ubmrnt of their p-wpetratrs, r'c"ran:'.'ad'ed
ptiflcTefonr.sln our city xhantr whereby"
I like frauds could hereafter bo prevented, and
garo tho most unmistakablo proofs of its
jiincerily by refusing to allow tho Tammany
delegates to enter tho Convention, though
their credentials bore tho undisputed stamp
nf regularity.
Sinco tho adjournment of tho Convention
Yery movement which has resulted In an
thing satisfactory toward tho cxposuro of
thi'oe s frauds, and tho arraignment of
guilty parties at the bar of Justice, has been
mainly iuitiated and carried through by
rr.iinlnent Democrats. Judge Hahnahd ls-
ul tho Injunction which first brought
tho lting to buy. It was by the
lofluenco of Democrats that Mr. liUEEN,
iiimself a life-long Democrat, was virtu
idly made Comptroller of tho city In the
t'laceof Mr. Connolly. It was Mr.TiLunx,
tho Chairman of tho Democratic State (Vin-
luitlr-o, acting under tho advice of Gov! Sey-
fiot'ii, Judgo Cmncir, Attorney.aoneral
I'llAMi'LAlN, and other conspicuous Demo
i rn:a of the inteiior, who made thoso Invfs-
ligations in tho Comptroller's offlco and in
I" t!iu Broadway llauk which have thrown tho
l''t clear light upon the omlieyzlsments of
i Iho lting, and fiirnibhed facts sufllcent to
L ynMJl$l .K!lrfl.X'k.):hs.....lt..
t Mr. Ciihi,i: O'CoNult, whoso t.amo is the
Very synonyme of old-litshioncd Democracy,
who, acting under a special appointment
fr"m the Attorney Genoral, radu:ed the fact
f.irn.shod by Mr. Tilucn into legal form
I roparatory tu tho arrest of Tweeu, Ingeh
i K 'Li tlAit i:y, nnd Wi.onwAni) j and it was
'n Democratic Judge, niiting under tho walls
v the State IIjuhp, who Issued the ordnr fur
f t iictr nrr, st, and In-foro whom tho prooced-
tx iu the nct'.uu will hereafter be cm-
i li-don.
But what earf the Itepu'dicns for all this,
provided they can, by noUe and clamor over
thfefco frauds, nud by ttlmulatlng tho preju-
i! ccs nud pase'ons of hcited partisans, sue-
i-eil in electing tho Republican State ticket
I t,.id a majority of the legislature?
j' '1 !io Republican Stato Convent on ri fti1
I t"d'tiounco thu glaring corruptions In its
t 1 Tlioiipiv st rrpr" iwrffpir-i
I I t a crowd of venal Federal oHleehohicrs.
I i,i ly pol.iic.ann who had earned the wages
1 iMtsniy In tho Leg. tint ure, nnd though
I tw. nty-llvc nl its members w, r bribed on
f l1" spnt to betray their constituents, the
i t I dt it-gates it turned out of It's hall w it
1 lose ehoson by an organization presided
ierljy Hr, HtutACE Uiikkiev, our Later
ffH 1 uvnkljn. In this psrticulir, what n lui
i id nt.ng contisst did the two ConvMitiun
'"H' Democratic ddogatu from
V is city, becauM the odor of Tammany wu
il, tu ltd upon their garments, wero forbid
il n ly the dlciples of Sii.as Wiiioiit to
put tin ir fiet on tho bottom step which led
B' to Corinthian Hall, The Republican dde.
H' IMtf-s from this city, wearing tl.o Ladgo 01
H tho li'unc'iit"iafa(UiT'T oT WiiiiTpiquu, we're'
kicked down the t.treo tlighti of stairs ol
H "'ict"ng li'rtll'liy the cLu" d a'to ol the Cus
torn Hons
pV I'litll tho Republicans ol th.s Htatc have
done ns much to clcanso their orgaulzatUic
B of corruption as tho Democrats havo to
E jmr fv Hi .rs it w 1' not be ni" tl 1 1 f
E u um. pa sun j "fn tho m'inst 1
i f i."i. si men tif nil pnr.liv ngi.ln it the
frauds o' a lew nieml ers of I'Mttimsny Hall
The I'ftrnde in Honor ol tho Itmwlnn
i'rtuce.
A nnmhor of wealthv and idlo men In tins
city hnvo combinod togivongrnnd rercpti n
to the young Ilusslnn prince, whose arrival
Is dully and hourly expected. Ho Is In bo
feasted and cukrtnlned In n vnrlely of ways,
mid his visit is to bo ruado tho occasion of
r pubic nnd private display, which will
doubtless reflect much social glory upon Its
prmnt'tcrs. However silly nil this may be,
nnb'nly 1ms a right lo object to it. If u few
rich jicople choose, to amuse thcmsolvts by
toadying a Russian prince, It Is their nllhir
iilont. They might do better, but then,
again, thev might do worse. Their money
nnd their timo are their own, and they enn
employ them r.s they like.
When, howfver, theso solfconstltutod
hosts of tho prlnco undertake, ns they have
done, to imiess into their service tho fr'talo
m;l tin, and call out somo twelve thousand
of nur clttcn-soldlers to add splendor to tho
pageant they aro preparing for their Im
perial guest, the matter assumes n different
aspect. Their Hxccutlvo Committee, through
Its Secretary, Mr. James E. Montoomuiiy,
hss publicly announced tho day when this
military parade will tako place, as If It were
a thing placed In their charge, and In respect
of which they wero vested with all tho au
thority of tho commanding Ooncral. On
bchnlf of tho men who arc to mako tho
parade, wo demand to know whether It lias
been liiwfully ordorcd. lly whom has tho
power to require It been delegated, and to
whom
Tho number of clt'ens who nro thus to
bo called upon to leavo their honest callings
and speud n half, If not n whole day In ron
del Ing huinsgo to the scion Ot n Kuriipnn
despot, Is, as wo have said, twclvo thousand.
Their tlmo Is worth, on an average, at least
five dollars per day j nnd If they are called
npou to lose only half a day, the aggr
gat b'cost toTFiem"6f the pafi3o'wTll Tie "hlf ty
thousand dollnrs. They will olso bo taxed
about one dollar each to defray tho cost of
the bands which tho Executlvo Cummlttce
aro too parsimonious to furnish them, nnd
this makes twclvo thousand dollars more.
If, as Is quite possible, the day of the parade
should prvo rainy, tho damago to their
clothing aud equipments will certainly be
enough more to bring tho whole cost of their
turning out up to ono hundred thout-and
dollars.
Again we ask, lly whom Is this partdo
ordered 1 Let us know whom to hold rospon
sible for it. I.et us know who, in tho midst
of the dlstr.-ss occasioned by the awful con
flagrations In Chicago and Michigan, nnd
whllo the wholo city is humiliated by the
rovelat'ons of the corruptness of Its rulers,
has had tho bad tasto to summon twelve
thousand of our citizen-soldiers to contribute
ferty thousand dollars, nnd it may bo ono
hur.dred thousand dollars, of their property
for the gh rifivation of a European princeling
and the American snobs who wish to toady
him.
Words thnt Ilnve the Itlpht Sound.
In a speech nt Ul ca on Wednesday tlu
Hon. Francis Kv.han spoke In the follow.
-4ng-l-neusge of tl.- -greatest Krarcj-of-eor-ruptlon
and of immorality yet known in tho
history of our Government:
"(lb, Dfmocrati nnd ATierirmn It Mm tome
It should nuke an Auirrican Kriev ivtit-n lit nev
too Prulilent o' wrjom I win mjt not.,ine nor cliar
rietua hy ony barih worJ n hn we lh l'ral
dent ol t lie I nl td e a:n rectlvlni pruenu, from
3 t(0.nOU liuute 1own to it 1 i..l.omo ru.il. Ap
p'.iaie.J And, my Itllon-clUztoi, Ibe inon tlio
make large rrntnu nn tit uin who tiem to be at
for itao cuod offlcf t'p to the very list Prulilent
bnlnM turn. nbJt t'rpildent would ertr rfelv tlieie
8lft Amntw .louvmy rrrn re u"d ihr ti't or n
Dair ur Louts, and all our lormer l'rmdniti Ihoujbt
it a dirt.puiiii tu n.- (ur a ei.n i iottie,! itn ikr
son. m of tlia I'midi-nt of the United Statu. Iist
ttitr in the di.-cUuree ot his Cu'le. so muchpitroaaKe
to besto r, to b rt-Cflrln; presents We liivu Z"l
some nho nppl.iuJ It: m.d It jour I'ruUf nl will
allon' n.cn sesV.ni; favors to make n ru costly clfts.
io tut )u he:ttve tint a lurce share of tiie oflles
will fall lo their lot? 1 he teudeucy Is lo curui'l
tne tn'.ire admlolstratlon of ice OoTorrment. and It
sinus to uie thut It Is tho duty of ciery citizen,
t.ellii-rl c be a ll.public.no or II miner Jt, to mn
ili.s counirj rln; Hlth his ludtuatioo sjjm.t this
,iruiticu.
Neither the frauds of Tammany, nur all
other f.r.ud3 yet discovi.rcd, have duuo any
thiug to destroy tho public conscience and
debauch the moral sotiso of tho people com
pared with the conduct of PreMdent GllANT.
II. s administration Is the most prolific foun
tarn of political degradation and personal
dishoncity that has ever been opened in this
uat.on and it ia the more fatal iu its opera
tion because a great party, with many pow
erful men and a thousand lt.Uuuntlal news
asivs. s.'w.nstpt G"il.ZMJv!jft..tp.-yalJial.
'.he. fucts and excuso.thu shumc and justify the
w.ckcdn'.ss.
Thomas Kwi.vo, who died in Lancaster,
01in, on Tliursd iy, wa lor many years n con
spicuous uir.n in the councils of tho nation. Ul
tumble origin, and tviibout t tic adrantuges of
early culture, ho roe to i miiienco by the force
ot bis ttronc itittllcct and tho uncommon energy
of his character. Ho was a conspicuous mem
ber of tho Ohio bar nearly half a century a-o,
when Cpilii.cs Hammond was the great le;al
luniinarr of the Mississippi Valley. Xaror an
arc(mplihcl lawyer or a graceful orntor, Mr.
Ewiko nevullclejs impiencdhlmelfupon court
and jury by his masculine understanding and tho
direct and forcible manner in which be stated his
oae and he was rarely overmatched by the
molt learned -mil nblt Jurists En the land.
Ho went iiro the Hcnate of the United States
during Juksix's tint I'residcntial term, when
that bjdy contained the inoit brilliant array of
fKility omr renin adcHberaUvsveoen-.HY-, avl
alllionu'i lie wii not a polivhed debater nor dL
tinauislifd f r seln lame attainments, li soon
arhieved a hitrli position in the Senate, and itood
on tbe same plane at VtRsir.n, Cai uoc.s, Clay,
I'oasvin, aud the ether great stHtesracu who
adorned the bull of the national Legislature.
Ho wut called into the Cabinet of (.en. IUr
risos as Secretary of tlio Trcastirv, and retired
with his celleuptus upon the rupture of Mr. Tv-
..n 'nl.l. II.Ari.l t.trttt 1I...M. nin.. .A
ban llllti UIW II ti.fc IH, .I.IUIWtM tv IUV
practi.cv of the hiw In Ohio, he remained in to
tirement until uiTiteil to Wnshinjton by Otu.
TstloB, who tendoied him tli phce ofSewic
Uiy of tho Interior! and bo left tbe Cabinet
whin the accession of Mr, FjiLMnnE broujht
uuuiit the formation of a new executive council
Mi. liwiNo had umar'table executivo talent,
riul tbe nllairs of the departments over which hi
presided were administered with Rritt precision
-uiv.viiwf.viTTraaV. i:ei;HVd4u';a'pj.TJ-R;tll,
of a similar typo to Got. Mahct. BiDCere,
sUVt'jiJ-j-rtf.-tsJs. r. g-cil 'r.iT"l!ry",ra"Sf:i
amcn.ty uf manner, he commanded respect
ntlicr than warm attachment. At tin bar lie
was distinguished by tin logical forco of his
urgumtnts. He took a corainon.e!ise view of
u'l qurstlous, pbhiI little f r pr.'c.-dents nnd li .1
i lesrn i f i itn'i i. i'. 1 f i p
Di.i, l if In toutiuiu l L i'
tim" tf ht death ulmtist the last f a f "it n
of great a:id wKo men, who uiado tlietni jlroa
pn roundly felt in tlio conduct of tlio Oovein
mint; andhewint dnwn In Lis ravo foigutlen
li; a lurge l ortioii of the uclnc men of tl.c ptea-

Ju 'f I! win nn hnn Issiieil nn order that
Kill pladilcii tho heart of many a sufferer In Lud
low stiect Jail nnd out of It. Imprisonment for
ilobl, unlets tho debtor con bo provou to bo
about in leave tlio city to ntold his responsibili
ties, will not bctolerutod. The Judge nill also rc
fnso In Imprison uny one for simple assniilt
nnd battery unless the same be committed upon
n woman, or for libel or false imprisonment, nnd
no order ol aircsl will be grunlfd in any case of
debt unlets tlio amount involved etptal or exceed
(1,000. 'lbii order la humane, and is made in
accordnnco with the limit of thu law If not
(trictly tbe letter.
It was ostentatiously proclaims! hy thn
Davis faction in Texas during the recent canvass
(hat if j lenders wcic in constant communication
with Wnililngton, and thnt they had the full sup
port of (len. (Ibaxt In all their arbitrary proceed
ings, if insh was the case and II has never
been denied it seems pnbablo that Gen, Obani'i
intention was to see bow far Iliccutivc usurps,
ttons could be carried without driving a people
to open revolt. Among other arbitrary exercises
of power by Gov. Davis was the arrest and com.
initial to prison ot Mr W. C. Tomwso:, editor
of tlio Oiocshcck EnterjrSti, for publishing Iu
his paper an account of the murder of a citiiou
by a patty of Davis's negro police, and the arrest
of the murderers, Mr. Tomlinsox was for a time
prevented from communicating with his friend",
but wrs Anally released on giving bonds in the
mm of 1 10,000 for his future appearance it
must have afforded President Grant great delight
to learn of this transaction, as it is well known
that be is exceedingly sensitive to tho criticisms
(,f the press, as is usually tho case with tboso iu
power who hare a disposition lo make nn un
worthy use of the authority which, has been be
(toited upon them. Gen. GsA.tt would most pro.
Uvbty r;Vo tiugx- cmisfbctiori in following tlio
example of the Texas Governor in regard to sup
pressing the freedom of the press) but the re
sti't nf the rlectlon In thai Htatc is not cxact'y
c il'-ulrtrd to eneourajo such a course.
--vi.virori: aWCttd: tiVvYM wTs-iKTt'
night nniniuated for tbe Assembly in tho F.igli
teemli (Comptroller Connolly's) Distiict, by the
Tammany Convention, Now let Tammany nomi.
nate William F. IlAvntirEn, CnanLss O'Coxon,
Damcl F. TiEMAxy, RnTALI'uLP, William 11.
AsTon, At nctT Hclmuvt, and similar Democrats
fjrthcI.egislature. If this is done, Tammany will
beenmo so honest that she won't know herself
when tho next Legislature adjourns.
One of tho most graceful acts performed
bv Gov. Sswaf.o in the course of bis memorable
voyage around the world, w us to visit in Ger
many tho venerable llaron (Urol t, who was for
to many ye.rs the representative of 1'ruisla at
Washington, and who nas driven from his pott
through tho intrigues ami fl- representation'
ofHsitc itoiT Davis the l.ribi-TukrsBud bis sub
servient tool Mr. Hamilton I'ihi. During
tho rebellion the peiplo of the United
Stales had no flrmtr fiirml than llsrou
Gxuult; and so long as Mr. Sevaup
remaiucJ at the head of the State Department,
nn Kurnpean diplomatist was more highly es
teemed Or treated with moro cordial cour
tesy. Hut when tl.o Administration of present-takers
and bribc-takera eamo in, the lung
tried friendship of Huron Gskolt for the United
States wat held of no account, nnd false repre
sentation! wero secretly made in llerlin to secure
bit recall. Ing b, fore leaving Washington ho
hud ceased all intercourse with the heads of the
SU-.tv Ui'jwrlcmti JiidJlibj rcurlred the jlnUo
hlin of Mr. Ssivakd, who, wo believe, went to
Germany for the purpose, more significant. We
trust that in his rvtireuient tho llaron under
stands that lie It followed by tho sympathies and
the respect of the American people, who wiulJ
be deeply indignant at tho insults heaped upon
him Ly their unworthy griU tt Waaluuglou, if
the facts were generally known.
Tim Times praises L. HitAM'oitn I'lilNCK
nt a candid! for the Legislature, boeuuse he it
i Republican. Endently tho Timu doet not
know tbat in the last Legislature I'nis-CE voted
fur the llroadwsy widening job and the infamous
code amendment swindle. The Timti opposes
tbe Itinz, and should be shy of supporting lit
agents aud creatures.
A lady yesterday alighted from her car
peg" st tie emir of Forty-second !tre" and
tilth sveuno at the same time that a target pro
cession was passing. She lad barely touched
the eiduwalk when she was knocked down by a
rt.llian among tbo gang, her puree suatcbed from
ber hand, and a diamond locket torn from her
neck. No policeman was anywhere near tbe
setue, and of cuiirae the scoundrel escaped.
Slavery In Hrai.ll is by no means yet com
pkkly abolished. Tho law of Hept. 27, which
has leceivcd so much commendation, does no
taorethan give freedom to the slaves of the Crown
and of religious communities, and tbo negro
J'jrisptiW.lu. ..JlS .HJa,J,JlllAl.,.lrjl.JBlj!A3.. .TtlfM.'i
include but a smell part of tho slavo population,
and further legislation It needed to complete the
work cf emancipation. That this legislation
Kill be granted in lime is not doubtful, but for
the present the blot of slavery lemains upon the
reputation of llriizil.
The Tanunnny rauk nnd file arc bolting
I.CLwiiii'i nomination for tho bench of the Su
preme Court. Already James Uliver, n sturdy
y, uug chieftain of the l'ourtb Ward, it on the
war path, swinging his hatchet, aud to jnduu the
lltnuarr nar cry. Other penile er.ia-ts arc pre
paring to follow bit example.
The General Convention of tho Episcopal
Church, which adjourned on Thursday evening,
uaachiiDy conspicuous for what It failed to do.
Thentun! question, tlio only ono tpcial!yln
teiettiug to outsiders, came up early in tho set
s.on, and was debated day after day in tbe House
if Deputies by tho lepresintativo men of the
Church aud Die' lesult It that the Church
stands ivitli rfiiri'u"o ttt.-luit nattac pie
cisely whero it stood before. The Reuse
uf llisbops, whose deliberations are secret,
scut several propositions for ritual reform
or i mtndmcnt to the lower Home, by which they
ttiro unlfounly rejected, It would seem, there
f.ire, (bat the latter was tbo more contervntivo
b .ilv of .ho two. It piobuuly acted on the
whole with good sense ami discretion. The
ritujlittie agitatioa has been carried fur-
iuir iunn circuinsiai.cet luiriy warrant.
Tl.o Rev. Dr, IIaicut, n delegate from
this city, and a divine of approved judgment,
slated in Ibe course of Hie Hunt debate that there
urn but fccvcu utiialnlic churches in tlio United
States, lour of which are in New York, aud that
lie was confident limy have not enough adhcicuts
here to properly support one of them. Tho
House apparently agreed with him that it was
unwise at tho present moment to enact IcgUla-:-'V3U"
uf-u -iiti.ejl dm'-erire1 cvtinti"sjj4
uumlliieiitial a body in the Church,
Dp to our latest niivlces Jungo Lunwivn
bid not deolinod the Tammtuy nomination.
(1. C. Dr.NH of Queens county has been
Lnown at Albany at one of Ibe lobby agenu of
Lr 'iamni.my R ng 1I' is ii"w running fur the
L n II i t n, u uf all
1 1 I
ROSEiN'ZWKIG ON 1 HE STAND
ft It. IIOHK'H HLAIIOItATn DEFENCE
VITKItJ.T MtOKt'.y J) OII'S,
Tlio I'tlKoncr til "ttnl llpmnirlmr Wllnrja
A Hloul llenliil tit l;i-i rlhliif Tlio l.le
I'litllr ttlveii II I in by lilt Vleilins-Tlio
Teatlmony Clnsrit-An Knit To-ilrtr.
Tho soenn iu the General Sessions at 10 o'clock
jestenlay mornlrg differed very little from tiaton
the two precedlre dsys of the trial. The ruomw.is
rrowdo.l ami tbe torrlJors wtva blocked, 'i'lic
Hon W'm. r. Howe soemed In better health than
On Thnt,tay.
Dr. C'ushman't erots-eiimlnttton was resamctl,
Mr. llowo reot rned till bitlrrlet of obsttam ob
stetrical questions upon tho Deputy Coroner with
fresh lgnr, teel-lng by a medical quibble here and
a legal quibble there to shske that gentleman's pos
itive testimony that Allco Ilowltby't death was the
result of tnslrractlee. Hut all to no purpose, Dr.
Thomtt C Flm.tl corroborated Or, Cethman't tet
llrr.ony. The pioseentlon ihen rested.
mil uowa's new ntrinTcas.
Mr. Hove now arose ami opened the defence In an
eloqunt address to the Jury, There was no proof,
be sal I, tbat the prisoner had kilted Allco Aujrjsu
llonlsby. Suspicion, It was tree, polntel to Dr,
Uoseniwels, bnt he woold lift that Tell otonfottu
nate clrcutnttanccs, sod clearly etttbltsh his client's
Innocence.
Hn called Dr. J. Toole Ovrrlsb, t rhjaklan of 01
years' experience, whose op'.n'on In regard to tbo
CTidrnces of sbortlon tl I tie rc J from Dr. Catbuian's
only In uulmportant details,
Dr. WillarU Parker had kcown Ttitentwelg three
or four years, had 'Mended hla family, tod had con
sulted with him professlontltv on different occasions.
He did not leel tilniself suffitltnlly experienced to
tcstifly on oVstetrles.
Dr. William C. ltoberlt. a Physician of 39 years'
experience, dambioanded Mr. lion by tgreeluc
Willi lr Cu'l'mtu's dcloftloas.
Mrs, Ketta Fox, tbo mother of two children, who
Uvea at 67 IMk street, was tho next witness, bat
her testimony wss int-lcvant.
Mr. Hone next called Mrs. Itowlsb, and re
established the tact ttiul Waller L'ouklla taot him
self. When she tad ono doirn, Mr. Howe sin'
railed Mrs. liowlsby Mis. Cornells Ilunltbyl
A stir was eit.iteo at a well-preserted, dark-hsired
woman, plainly, I ul netlly drttsad, stepped for
ward wltn an atr of determination, bi Is tne
wi. oi Dr Tiltium II' llonisut, -n eo.ecrtcvny
sicliu. who, the acicnonlcdsel hat been
rxrtLLED rnou Tna riiiLspniriiu colleoe.
6ho has six children, and resides at 203 Myrtle
avenue, llroualtn. tin other oaathlura, Aunt
Martina, had a handkerchief marked A. St. Howls
by. Mie and this Caujhter nect to ltostniwelj's
-la'irxarrTj-ATr!rasT;"'trTt-Trd-'l!.' stAxArr,
some ol ViWch wu tpllled tit Anna Martina's new
kid gloves, and she took out ber handkerchief aud
wiped theui oil. The witness tried very bard to
rt.ow that He haa tLen' le' found In Itotcntwehr'a
wastituh waa her dauithUr's, tad t.iat It had bten
losldurine the visit ahadt-d to, bnt the Dl'lncl
Attorney, with airoltness, forced her tuackiiont
edce that she could stttar to nitl.u tl.e mark, the
haadkercilef, tie fact of her Jiuidur aaving It on
tlto orrnsion of tlio visit, our (list it was lost lb
l!o-enreli' house.
Ahranam Cohen uf 113 l'-arl street, and I.euls
Cctitn. als brotlicr, Marks Sunu.ls o' 41 Usst
Hrusjnay, nnd Faiuorl Vnnu:rl". l're.l 'f nt of two
Iraem,-ii betiuvolat socioiits, wire theDeiiwit
utasts, a piad ropr wa.vtep.
Mr. Howe--Plese state if yon ever deputed Dr.
Itotemweii to asct-rtatii tho ioafvI cestui burying
lK,r persons jml to upon at the next meeting;
and if so, when f
Iternr ler lttctcett What Is your object In asking
that question, air. Iloisr f
Mr lliiwe To Impeaeh the testimony of the un
dertaker, ltoT'l. who nr tnal ihn prisoner asked
bun t.ie co.t of nnr, inc .i dei t servant
Jtrc ,rdr IlnrMU-tt I n q,iftlitin lll be mntn
ta.nei if you find me the mil bod of the seivaul
girl.
Mr. Ilowe We deny any dead servant girl.
lltenrder llaekett Tht' qnestlmi i rxeludel
Sir Howe Plf se pole pjl esceptlou I hive
nnotlier w1tnes, Mr. ttcLCl'ilet I. si ho will testify lo
the same state nf tacts, hut 1 suppose your rutin g
exeluJis him also.
The llev. Father John Iloir-nn. of Prooklyn.had
a houekeeper whom Ituteniweis altenued pro
Irsainnslly three tears aau.
llervrdor Hickul Mr. Howe, what do you wish
to prove hy tin. f
Hi. lit ite Dr. Itoxenrelx't sklil, generolty.
tud klBilutas
Iticurder liickult We will exeuse Ilia skill, en
erosily. tnd kinilness. Ins le wu,i.i,lJ exe.u ed
Juisph Zill.ot 1T7 l!oi nn. mitt. William burtih,
Ooorit F.tek. I.iitilur.t oi the hou.o l!u-ecussii
lived is -a W liiuinsrurh Amhonr L'iiUrleVr, ol
Ml fi-jrth S.itat tri.tL, Vrtt,iualrui',-ti Jesusn M.
'auttuuce itf it" tia4-.v.wsa!t sutta; -.V,rtuir
Kic. ol tu honth l'lttn BTennet and Hn. Atari
Ito.s. ot fronth Filth tTcnne, tworo to
SrKJSlWtlll's OOOD CnABACTIU.
Loa s Scl Cn'etd, of 315 West 1 wenty-teyenth
street, bln.on Kpttlvn, ol i Division Urel. wna
knew tho prisoner flit-.-ii or sixteen tears; and An
drew ac 'S, ol SIS North brcond street, Vi i.ilams
hurgn, thought htm to be a tooJ doctor, Lul re
ra.d W twear to Ins cbaracUr,
Here Sir. lloo l ad a privato consultation with
the lllilnct A I u rney wbo dojcodty shook lis head.
lb setiziseix hliosvU ws thvu put on the stand.
Ills uipressiunlcss CJUntentact teveled no emo
tion lie faced the sea of eles which s. area it hint
fri-ui .It purls ol the crovtded court room hi.ii cat,-m-s
Hi ner were gneu la a low v i.i.ei
cit t hi trquesird tu speak loader. Hit Irs.ituo
it) was as lulu,.
r.osixiwtto's TL.-TlMl.ST.
1 reside ct bb" heeond avenue. 1 am a rl.l "iclan.
1 gruuiiaieu at arsaie. 1 csme to Hit. c -uniry tn
Mi., Is. 1 immediately esliuitshed iiruc.tce Lett
s a pbiMcun in 3a Ltayard street, 1 removeJ
il.encs lo as chr)Stl. strevt thence to S Kti
street thence tu IS Oren.irJ street thence to S-)
U'oosirrstreri thence to Nortn bluu meet,
Nt lluamsuuicii ll't-nce lo Kast hruaawsy, oeiween
Hutteis an. 1 ike tirectt tliencu to 105 I .rat av
enue. I din pA under the tains ot A.clitr iu 4s
Orcnsrd street. Dr. Kinsiej'e pltfe. 1 know the
llowl.bt. of llreoklyn have known them six or
mm month.. 1 coa't know tae l)o itoys ot 1'att r
tun. 1 hue hesrd all that win and iu lhi court
ro'im. Jly wife is lu court. Se it my dsuxnler I
hAeab'by. Il i- t niUiii or louneeii n.iti oid.
nctsMZWEio's AanuT.
I wss arrested un tne lStlt of Auxust. The child
1. ulive and duius will, I sent Lr a phytliua, Dr.
Nortuu, to attend mi wife In ber Ulne. hot Oe'or
ha came it was all over. I tlten .ed her m.tself.
the reaull of tho deliver) the eluilies as put in
thecel.ar. On Ihursdar, AU2. 31,1 saw Anm ua
i'ox. I siw l er as 1 was coning do n fiorn 'third
nveun". on the corner of Thlriv-veuto slreet. It
was a not da), bt e was in a thlte dress. My wlm
was couflneti lo her ted. Jlrs Pox went np suirt
TuTeTifiBT rtMSm'tarsttrr yinws
donn sbura In tbe basement and went up nud
opened the door for her aud took her u eUirs. I
ndvlied her. bh ca.ne for some aeti'-e. I re
mained In tho room bafan hoor and tliea went out.
.Mi daushler Itosv had a sa.-h.' It was not qmie
i.ew. 1 fcaw the sash at the Coroner's InquMl. aish
shown 1 That .belongs to m dmihter liosj. On
Aat SI I saw no voman in whltu come' at uiy
house except Nettle rex never On the S-itp. mu
woman In wtlto or anv ot'nr color cum e to mjv
houte exeopt Jlrs. Ittcn. On the S5ih to woman
came that 1 know ot. 1
NEVRK IIEARO OP ALICE Alv.t'STt POWUBT.
1 kn.i'w Anna Manilla Dov Juoghttr ot the
rtoitor In iiruoklyn 1 nn i aw tho carmun
fiesett lie'ore meetlog Mm 'n "he ntsttin i.oust-.
On in t-aturday evening tuetiuiit to my aireat I
waitu l'oarl siret i auoui 11. un A. il. atitiidlng Mr.
IVhii. .Mr. Culm's brother rune to -o. 1 did go
to the tindertakor'a en s.itnriay morning I wa
after vlsltine a tialleot 111 first uvenue, and a I
paa.e.l his store on mylway home I just Jumped In.
1 asked htm how much he wmild ciirke to hurv a
corpee, an 1 nould UFre to report i his wis Iu the
moi nluj early before I went down town, lie tola me
son.' priCt wnlcli 1 cnn'l renieiiibsr now. I knon
Mr. Brh.inlel I. He bad deputed i..e 10 obUiu Ihe
InKrn'utiiii. I w-nt also fur MinHitr renson. I
belong to uuot icr society, the members ot wiilch
luvs
A Ot'ARRBL APODt cNUtnrAKsns,
and I warned to find out the cheapest and make t
ilwe. 1 fll-t nut tlvl out ptsulriv. liuntlkcr
chief t'hoa'n.f 1 never saw n'tS'mi UiittwMdi uWu
it tias p-otuied nt t.ie luniiesl. rrni k shown. I
uevtir sai the trunk at my houte. It conldn t have
hern there without no seeing II. 1 had trui.Uk In
u.y house at Ihe time. Ihatojtt.
llero Koienmelg, hy rrquett of coonsrl, trp''
down to where the trunk lav, handle t It, turnod It
over, opened II, and examined It in ever war, but
-prtifessed not to rrco:niio it. He then returned to
the wiliiti.es' chili.
Mr. Hone (repelling tho Indictment) Did tou uf
any lime, hi means ol instruments or Unit's, pro
duct an aboitiou on the iwaou ol Alien Augutu
Luwlsb, t
Jtuacuxttelg .ve, nr.
llOSt-MWain't UtMIIIAl. liKVltl..
Recorder lUt'Kdl Did jou oil Ihe ttSI, alto. 'ISlh.
iii.h, v;tii, or isili of August produce -iu aboitiou on
see omnn t
Itusc-mnaig No air; I did not
To Mr. Hone No wunian eter mod In mv house.
Nooi.etould without i) 1 rowled.e. .Vo oils le
antes there hut my own fainllt.
liecnrdtr HarUett-Hid v. a ever know a jouns
uisn uanied Walter Conkliu I
Ko.uiixtvela Never.
Hcorrter-l)id any touug man ever come to you
from Palersoii to m,ike so cn.ntiu.enl Willi you to
ncelve a ltdy boarder
Lbstnzwei; Tteiii,
Recorder Aro tuu sun t
Losrnznrie Sura,
TeTA.-.'V.Vfc-tiVky-fCC'fe s l.'.ai
To District Attorney flarvin-l had i diploma
from ihe University of Vt'nisuw In im. 1 don't
know wl.etnei I htive It home now or nut I am 89
tears of age I rever lived In Wuveriev place. 1
U 4 Lvi' in Ainily plies I had an oine there.
I ntrka'U.NTHi pi', anma's mams
n tOiein m si., ti. I aid a it hi Amity plt.c. Dr.
Ac tr put tun his sicn ul 3 Aiuity pi ice. 1 staled
a Dr r.lnr u i 1
I it t s i us Dr asili; rt uii
the room. Xwas with him, I did pot rent It
When he went awa I paid the rent. I stayed thtre
alono two seats. Tlio sian of Dr. Ascier mustied
up. Dr. Asci cr wu not Dr Orindle. I don't know
Dr. Orlnille, I nl,! advcrtlso In the nonspapcrs
under the name of Dr. Aschcr during two etrs I
dnn't know wh.n the .gn was liikeu dottn. It eon
tinned thcro to the clay of my arrest. I wont there
freqtintlv nr.tll nrroited. I don't know Dr, tl r.
t.sun of Hireeker strict, nur Dr. I'r.mklln, mi Dr.
Otis, nor Dr. Woatv.nrJ. I don't know Dr il
liam Woolwnrd, I don't know Mr, Wtlllaui Wood
Ward. I Wmw no ecron named Woodward.
Ju lae (nrvin Mr. Wnodwanl, stand up.
A fl'io looalug ccntleni.in, but very much run to
toeJ, stood np In tho hc:y o' tlto court room,
A.toTiinii octtnAL I1XHIAU
Julpe fbrvm (to lloscLi,tei;)-DU yon ever tee
that man before r
ltosenstvelg No, sir,
Ju 'geUarvIn Did tou never say In tils presenco
that you had prolnre l an abortion by tin aid ol Dr.
Jacob), alias Franklin t
Itosensnelg No. sir,
Ju-lge II u rln Did ton not say lo addition, "Dr.
Jacob! g 't the fee and 1 did the work" I
IMsenzwcIc No, sir.
1 Judgo Oarvln Did on not say yon had prodnfed
the sbortlon all by (outsell and Mil Jim got for It
wss a gold watch that you fouuj he chtaiodyouf
Itosontwei No. sir,
Jndce Oarsln Did yon see s clrl nsmed Nelllo
Willis In 3 Arnllv place a year or t-vo ago T
Itosenxwclg No, sir.
Jndfti Oarvln Did you not produce an sbortlon
on her f -t
Itoseaswelg No, sir,
Judao Uarvin Did jou ever produco an sbcrtloo
on any tin ai a mlty place T
Iloseniwelc No, sir,
Kecorder Hacked Did von ever on say womatit
Hoscnzvfelj-Neyer, I weuld not do tuch a
tbinr
Judge Otrvln Nellie Willis, come forwarj.
An attractive little woman with auburn hair, a
black Jockey hat with a bright scarlet feather, and
neatly dressed In black, walked deliberately around
In front of ItosensneiL' and looked hltu squire In
thoe. He returned tlio look.
JuJ Oaivln Did you ever seo that girl before f
Itoseaz stele No, sir, never.
knows xmniNO whatever.
Itoxenwelj tcontlnulnx) I don't remember co
in out ol tbo basement un lhatHaturluy. Uf coarse
I would see a trunk containing a dead body If II was
there, After I came back from Ilojj's 1 met Mr.
ltlcbarda In front ot my home. We had a talk and
lomo drinks. It was abont 11 o'clock. Itmlchthave
been a Utile later. It wss not trier 12. Itlenards had
a carriage. It waa a reznlar carriage. Trie land
lord of the corner store was wltn ua. I don't re
member his name. During that wee I never per
formed an operation at my honso or any other
piaco I know of no person having been brought to
i.iy bouse ullve or dead that week, upon whom an
operation had been DerlonneJ.
Here tho defence pitted
Judgo o irvm callod Albert White, keepr at Del
levue Hospital, who testified to receiving the trunk
nnd body, 1 1'le: rscs, .-.tttits, bhrai.t, and carpet
were Idcn'.ltioJ j Tiie; were all oa top ol ler.
'1 here was nothing about the bo.ty.
To Mr Hone The Hunk ly In the dead hooe
nil n lent It was open. .Mju) persons could h.vo
access to It.
David O'lirlen, nsslsttnt keepr nt tho Morgue,
w at m a lt d. He said Hint he Had locked tlio trunk
-4a---ytvai ruhi-ug-r.w".i..ti-hTTwvr---
ons or nossvrwEiu'a chimes.
Dr. William W. Woodward ItttlfleJ that be met
ItocLZcig under the name of Dr. Ascher (to which
he ii ade no objection) m Dr. Harrison's, at 173
llleecktr street, iu .Murch or April last. Tliere were
present Dr. Il.nrl.on Dr. Selduu, Vt Ascher, Caol
Hamihon, and hlmseif Dr Harrison asktd Dr.
Aehrr how he and Dr. Jacuhi, a'l ts Pranklin, had
ettled Inat mitter about the woman. Dr. Ascnc
(liasonzaclg) stld lb.it Jaeobl had ro nlvud (IS to
treat a woman and had referred the treatment
to him (A-cherl. pinmnlng to divide; tint Ihe
cite tins a difficult o, o. and he had been
obliged to give the putli-nt strong dn-et of
ctlo uel as a counter Irrii-mt lo emtlrltis, w Mch had
et Iu; thnt he subicqunitly a.certained thstJacobl
had received In addition tu t..o mnne) u sold watch;
nnd that he hint demanded and gm It from htm.
J'endli.g ia eonvcraatn n. Dr. Ilirn.cn said;
tlentit-mrn, you li.-tl better lease this Luslne..
Do as I do. Administer l aruilets miliums. Uu
Innv b-ln: the pitiher loth well lilni'ljainu Units
Willi suli-'y. hut at tie hunaredth timt II will get
trokeu.
iitnrtT niLL's anosxacna.
To Mr Unite I am doing nothing now. I have
l ii n ri-ririer of Iho lUla (l-jtitle, no t I havo
kept books for Harr) Hin. I Lata nut pranked
Incdii-hie In Iwenty years. I was euguzed In re
ti'lng a medii-al work for Dr. Harmon.
Nellie Wnns was the lust witness. Hie gsve
Uo'tnatitu Hie in- itirrrt b stearin.' tbat he mil
tresteil hei, and thtt the rr.utt was thu she was In
Hellevue Hospital two innnlhs. It perm inenlly de
biiiutttl ber from worktcg for nn hone. i lump,
hhe Has it seivtni prt'vousli. Her rigut name is
Marv l.tdlgan, and sue is '.'l )ears old.
The testliitony bvina now ull In. tl summing np
was adjoorued until this morning at 10 o'clock.
Jmla-f Ilnruur.l cltlug hl I-'nco niruliist
ronir of nil Kluds.
Robert S. Living. ton, by will, gave a life es
tntt inceitsln lands In tils city to Mrs. Evelina
Bliss, and she through I'erattorncyMr. JSawyer,
proVttr.ljiiiact jo Is pssie'd 'byjhs t(la!gsih,taiTi
anthorlzlng the property to bo sold, so that a cer
tain sum ml;ht be paid her In lien of her life In
terest. A proceeding for that pnrposepae brought
in the Supreme Court, and Mrs, lilts received t TS.
DWS. Mr. bawyer. Ler sttorucy In the iroceedlnr,
tnroiber with sixteen other attorneys, rtpreseet
mg the va-lous parties Interested, applied loludz
Ujrnurd en Tuesday lor uiniKioees from this sum
lot their seivirrs. ihey bid hied among them
nlves tout Mr t-.iwrer 'Should have J0.O0O. and ir.e
on ers, wtio had mtfn ly tiled an answer In the case,
should each have fSOO Judge ll..rnsrd thought
he n lowancot very I len. but it being replied n at
there was no opposition. lo acquiesced. Au order
nas to be drawn on that day lor his signature.
Mrs. II he. i nf wi at had been done, aud Im
mediately drove to Julge lliruard't residence. Kite
protested scalnsi the c.iauts. T.ie Judcestld ho
had artinls I tl.e order on a representation that no
one opposed, but lold her that as she objects I, he
vioulj not sicn the order, lie re'u-ad to stun It
when pieseuted lo htm tho tauie evening, and or
dered a rehearins jeaierdav, on proper nelico leing
eiven to Mrs. Hll.s Mr. s.iwycr claimoit thtt he
ha t spent most of his time for nestly a year over
the rase, and laat be had spent Ihe JLJtW vt'tich uart
been pa'-i w si-cuie tho passage of tho Li;l at
Albany, betides money of I is own. Judge, liirrird
reduced his a,ioauce to ts.nuO and gave the other
lawyers "5 each. Mrs. Il.iss. a line luoklu; young
vtilon sal ltnin t ie ratlinj ul ihe ri-Ul ot Judtte
D.inard uurlnc the hetrinz.
Upper Teuduiti TuriihiK It Nose up nt ttitt
Hosa.
Charles Jay, son of tho American Minister nt
tbe court ol Austria, was one of tne orlcinal mem
ben of -the-Commit'ee on tho Deception of tbo
Drand-Duke Alexis. He was naturally anxious thai
the reception snould bo worlhv of a great
eitv, and abo tuit tl.o Con mittee ru
lte.eptlon shonM coopr.o only tvratabio,
resperlahle cliUent. A day or two ego
Mr. Jay heard from what he runslieiel tool au
thority that tne uamoof W'm. M Tweed was on the
v.nm.TSTeii. twfft trtn rrrt. i .Mi-tir it 1 iiutWir TV
wrutf to Ihe fJemtsri, Mr, Montgomery, resignli.g
l.l posl'ton. .m l giving as a reason lor his action
bis ttpuKiiance to be a.sor'.iteI li, an) 't'aj tilth n
Intn so notoriou'-iy corrupt as W'm. M TaueJ. Mr
tl jv I as sinee learuoil that be was niisiiifiiiiiied, aud
til. I prubabl. w.thdrait his resignat ou.
The VforinoiiH Thrrnteuluff.
Pait l.tKn Citt, Oct. ST. It it mm red there
will be trouble to morrow, on tlio occasion of the
sentence of IIuwkius. lor adultory. The women
iceinlobe the ntot excited. 1 hreatonlag letters
were received to-day by the Untied butts Mar
shal, llrigham Voune bss left the city day be'ore
jesterdav. nd was repoiiod last night at Dattte
(ite-k. lienre Q. Loiiuun Is a.so abstiLt. lie in
said la beat Mn I'rinci.eo. Hvi tutly snmelhing
important It on hand ..muse the Mnimous, bm li v
t, untiles geiitrtlly do not believe any reaistauie to
lo Ine law or to V e Clot eruiut-nt is niedi.rtted.
The Tr.Mis llleellon.
(i alv raTos, Dei. 27. The retttma from the
I'lflcrent count.es In tho Third CoDg'etttonai Dis
trict cive Oiddlngs (Democrat), 411 msjuriij. Tne
count at Austin by th.-ovt Ing out Limestone and
1 ret-stone ruunliot. w htch cave a Democratic ma
Joint ol IWi, loatct i-uiae i iltupublntaulltuoiit)
PH.
A spe-lal desptte'i te the B'llleHu etre; Clajk
l"n rtuiVoiia ruf.incatu ore'ecti 'in. C -n'nor'l's sM
to be lliu unly Dt'innrrat Who mil receive u rertin
taio ol election. D gener tit.dieall remst-s to ac
ri pt a ctrlllle.lta uu t.ie ground thai Haucock
(Dumo.'rut) received a majnrity of votes.
The Drulli of Ihe Hero of Gunner.
CisciNNtTi, Del. 2". I'r'.vato despalchot re
leiv.d here to da say Men. Hubert Anderson dud
nt Nice, rr.tnce, last cvculng. He had gjne from
Veroy lo Nice Ihieo weeks sgo, hoping In receive
benefit from the change, tils lanuly were with bun.
Hi. remains will be Pioniiiit by th lulled blates
vessel Ouerrltre to Hilt country for lutermeut. It
ii known hue that the reyoiu toucerniiig hn ni
loaod Iropecun.o.ny were ent.ren wli iuuI founda
lion, inasmuch ai he reci tted lull pas as llrlgsJior
tmucial and had u h.nd.oine Incnnie besutt-i.
Onii-iiil Ilrliirns nf Ihr Ohio Ulccllnu.
CoLtuni's, Oct. 37. Ur the otlleial returns of
the late election. Noyes (Itep) for Oovernor has
S3s,S7J; Mi-f'nnk (l)tm lls.HA; and Stewatl (Pro
htbiMon). 4,081, Noves's mujoniy over McCook it
'40,1-0. Tne Kepuhln an vote is lti.660 larger than
list year, the Demorratie 13,irw Urier, ana tho l'ro
..'aii'iq.'fVVai.J.irKr.
The Vneul Itiico Yrsloitliiv.
T).'3.D.Jtrt''CiZ &-B-J fneiiTH'.-.-sht-h.'-t ajiir.leit
i see je.ttrdly, in spite of the uncertain wiad. Tuo
time of the yaents is appended
fiaif. AM1JJ.U. llfurn.
Ultintl'll 1:0-11 iifknU 4:11:.
Dlt'alUaU.ht I.I 1) St y.'S S:S,.IU
Dr. Slnllle.itl (,'out li ied nl Vliir.lni-.
Py l.i ru, Oet 27 The ."try In ihn Dr Med
i f n tr ii et i K n-a 'V r
lurnvd vtnugl cf inuuef iu t eh -a.r. e
xkiittoiiisH ix sourn c.utoiis.i.
M'tii"aale A rrrst by Crnnt'a lllltllri-lliisl-ness
Drpresseil timl the Crips t tiinir
velet -A .tllxtil (irnut Jury llenvlna the
A llevntlonn In U'uut'x l'roi-l,tiniiltnii.
CuAaLcsro.i, S3. C, Oct. 27. Advices from tho
upper pot lien of Hit- Ht.tto report Irrrirt'-in f n,r
nn I c oifiHi -i In the pi oc fltineil counui on .i co'in
of the nun ero'ts srre-ts tnsde under Hi l'rslden(
p'rehtn.iliou. Tie VeikM.lv lnquirtr ret SitJ lo
night ssys!
Tho stho'e.ale ir'cite made by th m'lltsry In thl
eniin vhateti.ii.t .t,v depre.situ influMiue on busl
pees and indN-l..ni pi suns g net ,i,v, and ue
fre.nme sueli will he the esse thrnnirhou' 111 entlro
Si riloii ol ttio Ptaletembrsced In lliu oioeUiiutllun of
the l''i, lent. Ihe r.tpt rrmtin m thu n -nts nntiar
veiled, ami on i.croitnl of the general fcei'tnf of inio.
cnrl.y business Is i.earlv at a siaii't still, nhile n large
number or perons have te.t the lountrr rsttie thsn to
Incur the ui.ulrasam anil uncertain eO',seqneno.'S ot
arrest. The tii.ure of ntir section Is now muregloomv
than it has biau at any lime sines the close ot the sitr
'1 he (Irsml Jury of Chester county, composed of
six whites tnd tlx nezrois, rude a presentment cm
bodying the remit of t.ieir Investigation of tie) al
leged Ku-Klux oniraget there, and conclude at fol
low! t
We. the Grand Jnrors. npon onr oslhs, are com
pelled to sayrroiu the it'silinouv ..nlcii e hsve taken,
tnd from our knowledir of the different esrts ot the
county, thai Ihe alienations comsvned In the proclama
tion of the President of the Itnilid Males nn with ut
foundation, and mut he th revolt nf falsehood com.
niunliatcd to hl,ii by persons equalia; regardless of god
ordei aud tno peace of society."
itAitttr ar.s n.Ts brnncii.
I'nthuslnstle Outpouring In the r.lubtli Sen.
nlo District A Democrat itl.u was ul
svnr a (Jfiiuluo Itclnrmrr.
Tho iL.iuense hall of (he Hast Side Association,
tt Elghty.llith tl, and Third ar., was crowded .last
night with the friends uf the Hon. Henry W. Ocnet.
who had gathered to ratify Ida renomlnatloa fur tbe
Senute. The galler'et and approaches wero Jam
med. BonQret, nreworlcs, canaon-flrlng.'tnd Chi
nese lanterns were on the oalslde, while InilJo the
Hon, Thomas C, Fields engagei the attention of the
tudlenc. On the platform were Sheppard F.
Kuspp, Excise Commissioner Williams, Fire Mar
shal MeFpscMen, Jntlce McQuade, Assemblyman
Carter, tl e Hon. W P. Howe, Judga George Curt s,
Count ltafter.lbe Hon. Ueorgo Lynch. Drcvet Major
Oeneral S'ark Maculr. I'. J. Mazlnnest, Julge
l'lerton, Chairman, and others.
Whea Mr. Genet entered bo veit rne'lved with
an ovation seldom equalled, Ihen Came the Ttielltu
Ward Genet Association, the. Nlno'centh Ward
1'rtncls Stacom Association, an t tne old Twelflli
Ward Camoaigu Cub, about 1 tf XI stroog, with a
b. n 1 oi music at their head. Mailt oi tho members
csryiej tj-iisptirficl'S. i.ueb a" 'Il record Js.wJtb.
nut "lain," 'i lie hamrl in of the lilzht-llonr-Law."
"l'rlnce Harry si) t. Let us rezulate ourown
families," Vols tor Vlsdact H.irrs Tno fa
vorite o' the entire pree." "bail in fur I'rlne
Harry," Chartlcble and generoas," aad "litE
bbN support. (Jnei
Alter iJiort adirees hy MsJ. Qnlney. .tntee Cur
JJaad.lai.'.'.ie U.ur jjs.m .W.eau"-eat-t IViitt
Harry stepped to the Irunl under votl crcus cheer
ing and spekeat fo.lowc
Hthsn't Jon. genileuieu for vnr resannse lo the
callt'i ra tlymy rennnilni.flon for l Henvie. Island
tieinre )oo as a roloriu esimi-Jaie of Ihe Deuiot-ra ic
pfti'v. 1 ten a renriner. .Xitarttln th.-pisi a-etu
corned. I aluaye n ns n refor ner. and slwars claimed
that rc-lorni must emsnsie trom u,o Jieiuorratic party,
and not from f:c;ut'i'ian smxiiesd., vtlio want to
break np the Democratic parlv. l'n tll you. genii--Uieu.w
yl am a relonner I'm In Uvoi nf cheap trau
s t I'm tn Uvor of a m ui's hohti -g onlt one nitice ai a
time i I'm in favor of i ut lie omcers' eettliiK
salanis, and not It .s l r their services!
1 am In faior nf the entorcement ol
th l-.sht.ll nr Isw snd Ihe eteeimn ol the 1'ollee
1 oinm ssioners, snil I tin not want lo see Ihe May ir ot
Hit. cty with potter to aepnmt people to rfl'-e for a
.inner lerm than lie hot tv serva, and I'm la favor of
honr.t ll.stol mil pr,,!"ii(ie 1 cheerm;. t '.si are.
fo-mer, because I wsni an intieig-t'on into the sr.
fair.oflnt. eou ity o New Vorif.but I want 11 made
w ih open noors. Vo seer cy r r me l beers 1 No
psrlor coi'S-titatinns and whl.twrinas for me. laiox at
Ihe so-ea led r lormeis. hterv one of them of anv
lioiorie.j is running lor iin on one ticket or
another, an.t I tell yoa tn alt sincerity that their
only aim and object Is to destroy ihe liemorratic
psitv and g.-t in power themselves. Th pure men are
now leaving uiel.eliriu party aud Jolclnu the IHmo-tratlc-
orzamzstluns t w.s the only Democrat who
voted stalest theiltv Charter. Ktrnthe llepuDilcans.
Willi ono htiuorsb o cxceptlou, voted against nio. 1
it as a reformer men and I am one row. bur I ain a
Democratic iti'tormer. ILoud cheers J Wno ever
herd ola DeRiuciat seliina hts vote Notooeev-r
Cid it hnt we can rny a Iteptiblican ishenuver we Je.
,ir. luteuse .nlhutis-ni J 1 C'y any one to (vint to
onewi-jp-r act of -nine, pu.nic i r private, and in eoc
cn.s.o.i sat tint, tlds is n t a queation of eh-otton out ot
Diajoiitv. ALd 1 nope lo he tfected w.ib a giealer u;
orii) than ever. Loud and promoted eheerln. J
Tilt: OTlllJlt l'Ul.triCIAXS.
Mayor ILnlbfleiitcIi nnulnat the UrooUIyn
Ulna.
Mayor Kalblleitch of llrook't n jcttcrday wrote
a letter to a committee of clt zens accepting tl.e
nomination for Mayor at their hands. Mr. Kalb
fleiech eats the tltnclai arrived when Itbtcouiee
lb dul'y'if all who na'sethV rood'ol UronWyn si
beurt," louulie at once rot the purpose or retcuimr
lit affairs Iropi the hands ol thoso who are endeav
oring to esrabllh a local despotism In teslr midst
throuzh the spur tnd whip of parly allealance and
party eiolla." He furtl er sajs tbat a reloim Iu the
affairs of the city Is needed: and that the evils
which have revolted from a lting" dynasty in pub
lic matters may be -e,-n In the city ol New torn.
The Indian Tnmnhnsskliiz Jastler I.cdvvltii
nnd itolna fur .Iiular Darren.
At a nievtiug uf the Fourth Waid Tweed Club
la't evening, Mr. James O.lver, the I'.-esiJeot, laid
that they had deterarlned to itaiid by Mr Tweed
until the charget prekrred agi'.ust him hid been
pinveJ In a court of law. In epi'e nf all that had
ben said and wrlticu, their confidence In Mr.
Tweed litis unshaken, and they were resolved to
t:..nu l) nun to the last. Almuugh the Club tad
oeen orgamztd In tne Interest of .Mr. 1 weed and
'1 tnini my Ha'l, tr.er were reso'ved to thtow Jus
tee I.-divilii over board, and supovrt Jodie Ueorga
t. Dnrtil.
(terninn SInsa Irrilna In Cooper Inslllntr.
Co, tier Iii.litnto was rrnmmeil last niirht with
Geri.iaus ol all political parties. About tsio hun
dred rowdies turced their way in'.o tho mretiii!.
am', irled lo create u dlstiirbunce, but IheiL-teru incd
Irontof the exasperslnl Germans cowed them, and
they slu tik away. 1'hlilp ll.ssinger presided.
i'.r. OswalJ Ottendorler was tbe Brl speaker,
and, alter short Ins up the frauds of Tammany,
petutiHt oat lo the Oermins the way In which, by
Properly organizing and milling, Ihey con'd dellter
tliecuy from corruption. W neuever the name of
Macnus Gross, the iruitor, was tnontloned, It Was
riccived wttti hi and execra'ions.
Mr. Milsmunil Kautfman followed In a stirring
speech, exborltur, his com, '.omen lo united effort,
and di'uotit cini corrupt tfltcebo ders o' all par les
After addresses bv Messrs Mtrcna Ottonbure,
Mx llceppe. Haiscl Weil, nud Dr. Freeh, the mtet-
-tva-!.ieM.-aMi e, if. aMt,t-.'VVitM..tr'-
tnd Kautlmau. aud groaut lor aisguut Uioss the
tlaltor.
The ltrform Tli ket Ctimplrletl,
The Democratic liefmin Couuty Convention
reatsiuubied last evening in Apollo Hall, and cotn
letvd the I'tMiiil) ticket, as follows: Fur Judge
of the buuerior Court, W'm K. Curtis aud Jahn
edgvlck; Judgo of the Marine Court, A'evsn
tier Spauldtng tor Aldermen, l'eter Gilscy, Samuel
D ll Vauie. Jeakln Van bchaiek, John Falconer,
Wm Joyct Alexander Marlin, r-olouion .Meerbach,
Jo. ,u Cocluane, Win. Hadde, James McLarran, Ml
rtuel Carroll, Alexander Vidder, J Slues Fllz.erald,
D.lioi D. Coboici, J. Doelger,
The Heteuty.
This Committee at its session last evening re
ceived a number of Important communications irom
ine Council of I'olltieal lit form, the County Con
veution ot the Itoform Democracy, and other organ
tzstlon eppotej to Tammany Ital I, which, af'er
.owe tliscutsluu, were reft rred to tl.e ti.l e'uunnn
tee on Ultcttons, to be retorted upon al II e tin etuis
which the Comiilttee of c-etenly will ho. I lo uia.it.
Mirllll O'llrleu' (lullnnl I'lglil.
All ituuicuse ttucblir.lit jiroeetsiou iu honor of
t3JtKlfi'.0:tUa:Jl'S .Mmitiajii!,o,;o.r ft'iitior it the i i
tuie In tbe Sen-nth D.tlro t to-night. I'm, Ur mil
Marshal's order mil be tounil Iu lus'-lVs adtir
Using cilumns
Tbo becretiir) ol the remui -uotl for Tvt o
.tllllloae.
Last erci-lug st Si.innuj- Hall, at Secretary
Uoutnttlw.is t-aui.nj the hal a xe.l diussed ror
tou, nauJ.i.g abjat ait feel three lucbu., as Iu
wuuici, auJ Hie Stcr. t,r) a'Uhtod lra.il hi car
r ago, ihe geuileuiau tl piJ lornarJ, aad raiting
hi hal said, "Mr. Itjutwoll, I presume." Tho
r-ecreUry s ;itJ. The tndiuJu.il theu, making a
cruet lul bow. pj ttely 1 n-ioite l a pvfr to the
becrrturv, ssyintj, "lliis Is for van, air; a writ ot
the Mipreme Court at Ilia tun of II. C. Ualwu
lie Sicreiirv put the paper into his pocket and
,ii n d the I .ill, Memlngly rattier puriurbed. lie
nit is to rcovrr piyiimnt fur lossos under tne
tlniiice polic adopted by Mr. II utitell. Mr Ual
till sue Ihe S vrt-tary for tV,0J,0tX).
Tn Jlurderrii llmigeil.
.ItcgsoxviiLg, Oct. 37. Wni. 0. ;Scott was
..!.st'j:e J iiert.sUI9'jtlk.t.R dU..f9r. j-h murJ!!r..of
Itoeamond Carlln and two small children on Feb
ruiry 5 lust, Ho wat coal on lbs tcaQold anJ spoke
..vuaw.ri. rat t;.3t t;!f',i -Vi. i
not broken; he was strangle I. I' M is the llu.
uteouliou In the Suite since recons'.rscitou,
iNlilANAroLts, Oct 1 Glioma Ilronks was
hnnced lo day at Delphi, Did fur th murder of
W fl.ter. it nea'tliy gro-rr of L'n snort. Ind
last April. I'ne priso'.ur iuai Hosted Lui saute ttolii
and etteliss in itl.tiiH-e tt La 'a the Isst Inuti.it
hath ha-show si es nt ,riet Uu tne scii
u I h-ttke nnd wis kti ,ed K.ve to Plate t t
e ii sr t t 1 is l.
wmmmmmmm
a
a 3t last sv m: l Jtuccrrtun.
X Dvlng f'mtf"drrtilr tlrnernt'it tstntrs
S.'ltHI.Otlil liisolveil-Tlie Will Just lie
stnreil In lite 4 Jrucnl'si llitntiirr,
Ilc.iry Dillon, an ex t'niou eoldier, Jiroji-u'o.
cf n nansosper stand at Monlgnuirry and Hudson,'
-in c'.s, Jersey t Ity, Jo-terdny received a chec lor'
t.' X) from the daukhtor of the late General P.Oitnmrt'
of th Confederate army, f'hc clrcti nstanco ue.d"r I
'iieh the money wat paid aro romantic, Duunj
the war Dillon eorvod In tho Second New Jeriey
aivalry. Ho accompanied bis revlmrnt en Grler.
son' famons laid throuzli Mississippi, and whllo m' I
a scoutlrg expedltlop ono day encoLiittrcl UtLtri)
8'egman and one of hit staff ifl'.ee. t. Bhots were
exchanged, and tho rcbtl general (ell from his tails!
die, mortally wonnded. Tho etuff officer fled, lull
was oycrtakon end captured by a ocmrade of Dll. i
Inn's In bis dying nicments, General Hlegman re.
quested hit slayer to tako from ons o' hit Inside'
pockett hit will, bequeathing all his property to hill
wife and danzhtr. and a life Insurance ipollcy 'or
Jl'l.'sji). He asked Dillon to kicp Hum and tenjj
them to his family,
After Ihe war Mr, Dlll-rt idvertUcil In rain for
the owners, and ho resolvod to retain porssion of
tho Papers until some Inquiries should he made for
them, ltrcenily an advcrtl'eineLt appeared In th
Alabama pipers offering $J0d reward lor the mist
ing will. Dillon answered It, and Gm Htezma-i's
dauzhter ctmo North as thu auest of Itogrr A Pry
or. fhe related Ihe parl'.cnlars of the lung aearCt
for tho will, tbe dlfll-ullies that had been encounter')
ed, the produi'tlon of a forged will bv ber Ultier's
relatives, and their Hobllo lawsuits, bho expressed
deep Bratilu le to Mr. Dillon for the re.-uvorj or tin
will, and said that through II her mother aud l.i r.
sell would b enihied to rersln pos, sslnn of Ihelr
extensile Alabama nnd (lourla (slates. Th
etate are valued at t.W.OOO.
Dillon Is tn be subpicnaea at a wltno't In the sn.U
for t.ieir restoration to Ihs rljhful owner. Youn
Dillon zallanllr distinguished Mmscif In several ac-i j
lions dnri-g me war, and was nne o' the lew prt" J
vate soldiers to WLOm Congress voted a gold luedal I
for bravery. "v I
Christian' Ttvo Wlve-A Tontcal over A
Cnrpto A Iloueehold Alovsfd.
A week ago last night ilr. Andrew Christian,
a carrlig mannfacturer of Forflham, with o.io tiles
room at 05 Maiden lane and another at 87 Jdangln
street. New York, was thrown from hit buggy
while returning from Vro.poct Park, Urooklyn. Hi
died at his rcaidence In i'ordham early Saturday
morning. Hit wilo prepared to bary utai lo Wood
lawn, but wat met on Ihe day ot tbe funeral by a
woman from Zi3 South Fifth atieet, Jltoo tljn, who
provej to bo alto hit wife, iloreover,, sua out. 4
ranked tho ForJham wife about four years, bho
demanded Ihe body, and after a long dlipmo took It
twty by foice snj had 11 Interred In Wiiiiamshurcli.
Wire No. 2 was not Indolent, During the funeral
she had teams at none transporting tho elegant fur.
niture which ornamented the hums lo more aecnr
quarters. Sue alto removed every narllclu of Curls
tt-'-r-eB.i. vro'Ytv-'niem'd tlTt-th ef ir.ta
No. 1. ieierday wif No. 1. with legal dnctmenls.
went to Furnham lo get hor hosbaaa'a effects but
Could find nel'her tropi rty nor womin. Wile No. J
made away v ith several thousand dollars' worth of
Ciirlstian't oll.cts. Mr. Carlstlsn wat the man win)
prttsented t ie tM50 baby wagon r i the handtomost
b in ths Westchester t oimiv balr. He wns re- 1
turning from a similar mission at the Prospect Park
Fair it hen he met hit deal i.
Congressman Molirs's llounty Fraud.
Wasiiixutos.OcI. 27. Kx-Cougresetnan Stokes, j
having furntthod tAtttlactorr ball, hat been allowed
the freedom of the city until lilt caio comes up for i
hearing before the Criminal Court, titoket affect
to make light of Ibe whole tult, nnd sayt that evi
dence will bo forthcomliu to show that he hat de
frauded noboly. Nevertheless, the President, la
view of till situation. Ins thouzht it advltatile to
rell-.-ve elokes from his oTiclal duties as C ill ,ctr I
of Internal ltevenue In Tennesse. Aforting to j
the spccincattocs In the warrant on which blokst H
was arrestid, ceruHcaies of bounty money were Q
Issued exclu.lvely to Slokee, r.otwllhst. ndlng 1
numerous claim azenls In Ihe city had pineraln
several of these cases, The total mount of uiouey
received b) Mokes I- placed al lVJ. xy), w erut
Government oT.elals wh were sent i T. e- eo to
work un thlt Iraud. say mat oily f M tvj w p dd
lioonaUJu claliuauu. and that los, lou rt.na.u. to
oo decollate 1 lor.
(en. llnlloeli (Iiilllr ol IVInny.
Wasiiinoto.v, Oct. 27. In view of the attempt
made oy the Freedmen's Iloreau oactsls to hlu
a.h Gen. Ilanoch't late financial transaction, It
ru-tv be worth while to say that the becretary ol
Wnris of oplnlrp thai under Ihe existing law Genr
ftalloch Is tltiiitv of felony. Tho Sicn-iury say if
his Department had cha.g of tbe case. Geu. ILIJoc'i
wool I long ago huve tiei-u turned over to tr.e Jl.ireaU
of Ju.tiee. Itilloct.'s esne Is tn Ihe hands of the
1 reasury offfeiaK end tliere 1 no pr ispt-et thai tho j
dttir.qMcrrt w.ti i-frt tra-avalvwitii, t-awTt-so haft g
rrf oi fshitllcg lttt flii
A Delrcllvc Trlt-Ued bv st Lunatic.
PniLAPELPiilA, Oct. 27. Thomas Duncan, n
colored rrvant of 'I homas F. lloode, of Virziuls,
laboring under an attack ot matli a jiotu, waa seat
to the Pennsylvania Hospital lor treatment. In
chargo of Detectlte Hut. ell. The patient proceeded
to the hotpiial very qulet'v, but on reaebing the
lodge he (Dcncant sua: "f lava brought )ou a
tentlemsn who Is Insane. He l-nicmes. nmnig
oluer things, thlt h Is a detective omcer, and hi
'rlends wisn him left here lor awhile." Dei ite trie)
protestation of tne officer, h was lorked up is in
tine for several hour. Duncan bus since been
captured aud lodgod In tne hosaital.
Weston .linking the Quickest Time on j
Its-cord, I
Mscov. Oct. 27. Weston's walk In day or
miles was compit'ed In Cslllo He walked t' la-l
hslf-mlle bseas ard In b nitniites "setonil. H did
tre whole wlttiout stopping to rut. Ibis is tuo
quickest time on record
Cnpl. WhIbIi Doing (iood Work. I
A raid ws made last night on No. 101 Crosby 1
tt-ett, kert as a keno game by Albert and Herman
Dempwol'. The nebce captured tho proprietors
andtaove ot'nr rrr jcs, tls'tors. Tli" 'our'eert
rer-ons irs locked up In the bprlug street police
station.
Auoilirr Oreat Usee.
London, Oit.;27. Ttttcrsall ba been commit
sloned to arrange a match between the F.lmisc
horse Slcrlng and tlaAraerlcau horsi llt-sitt.
The stake proposed it i'l i.WU a st le-JC.' (Vl'J to he
aliowey to the owner of Hairy llasseit to rent e
match In Lnoanu. I lia olsiauce h im. I is nun unit
auu a La 1; Iho nursm Ij Cariy even wiun'at.
The llotlon ItiiuU DefHlcnllnii,
Dostov, Ott. 27 A. C. l'el'nn, tmwr
with M-irim in ttie II le snd I eat ie, II ,ek t, i
lion. abbfF.. C. llalllels, late cr.'mTlr'or thf. .Vn. r
Ilank. were bioiuhl into th I'uiteJ bit i "t
Hi morning an I ple.JeJ gni'ly. Pi't.mw .o
i-nti'iii-i' 1 on t', :kl U of O;tolir and Damets ou tne
Uln ul November.
l.n.l Ntsbi'it llllllnnl Miitrh.
Morris Daley beat Albert Oarnier at tullts'dl
l.tst ulghl. The game ws-Diley l..'A1. Can er
1 'JW. The winner's highest rnns were !t47 ami I.
Attortee can, Inlet e, nil, need Gsrnier tu rental
Ihe ;uuk for Li J n side. Il a not ukiu.
Thluy Live r-ncrirl. oil.
Li vrnv. Oct. ST. Thirty of the thirtv tl re
men who were In tbo nine" at r-oahain, it i r- tl.e
i xploi.i n oe, nrred its' 'rday. are de-1. '1 he tit la
OQ fire, ai d another ixilo.inn is fearol.
OI.lt tC I I. HQVIItt.
i,rin 1 lia-rer r.i's'e In the tHTe'iteen' i War-) to
ll i. m- a i ii eo it.
Tne Mm. 1. 1 tli-i n' 1 e ir ht r i'l nionoi
Jt.hii A. To.e- 'or -s m ,i in Hi I o n i -e-itti u lt t,
F -1st us C II 'ne Met win h.l t non In H. 1 f r
"ii i. or In lnu 1 .lib D.siii.t oy luo Murfii) to
c ,LS.
ho It il t of the Fll'h, P. n it" 1 Di 'rl t
even ig pi iget tiieuiti.vet lot tio U ti Mat.Ai(
Nor.uu.
la.eJlss J'ie'jlil..y'rni'n .'n'-l'-r
Ass libit ihsi iiitht in tbe fc.iii".!.. i' iir.et t.y l..j
l.epuolieius.
The Di'mocrst'e lleierm Astor ion l.sve non.l
nsi.i.l lio. ell ti uuii kus lor Ass nb y In lliu ieven.
u-enih Dt-iritt
The Demoerstle raiiflcatlnn meet ng In Twebtle
Hall. Alnan v last uteunig, was one of the largest ir
as si lut'Kd. there.
The Democratle Assstrihly Canventlen nf the
riehieenth Uiitrlel lait eteuing somluated Ur. klin.sil
e.oouo py acclaaiallou,
At the Hegu'ar Democratic Convention held l.l
night, t hrtuonher Ftecke wai coaiinsu-d .or As.uo-hl
from the loath District,
The Eleventh Assomblv District Mnrnhy IternMI.
etns tail wenng upi lov 1 tin' no u.uati an uf the IIjq,
William M. Kv arte lor A'teeioly.
Isaac Davton, Demncratie llefnrm esn tnlste for
.ssonj'dr In ibe Hurn-i mli Hittiirt, as ,asi c u
li, 'tl'T'.t r. ''V fl.rv l fit s
Mi Fnnii M.Ivennao1 NewtoAn nys tl al hn
liss not siienor ed Mr Pesn.thu Itcpuhiicau nnm eo
fir hen. lor, out uas usea a,l in u.da, ne for Mi.
luiLStud l. Cock, Hit Democratic cannHato
Tie Muip'iy llepuhllcant list nlzht nnmlntb t
I'm I A Kl epsTor Asieinuiy in the Fifth Uisim, i i -unit
V iilltiu'hhy in ihe Third. W i ulvr In iLe
i ueiiiietn. and Dmld II Knapp In the Siosieei.tn.
KuiF.ifJi .Vi'ard GoraTijs.UXj'etra Jit I. s'gUL J
ind Ihs nominsuon ol Antnnnv Milier lor sen. f
ti mn tne Fourtl Histrlct. au I of Jaiuea lleaty fcr ai.
sen ily fio-u the First Uitirict.
I'l.t t niitvTitU 'Aarr! Woltnrai, Ill'lf"'
riaiiun was adares.ed ta.t i uhi b) ,1u. n-K.en. i
I: ity. ana I't'iir lul en dnso'ii. iix.iu
I ratifting me nornlna' n of Mr. ,'inai'
tor fiotii ins aoi.u I),. t, aud Mr Leltj lot At.' .n f 1
fioui the Fi'ii euuu l s.t'et. j
Tie Demor its of K'ngs ennntv I "t r" f
ronlnateltor .-m 1 .1 l ntl I ti
11 M i 1 i
111' 1
tloselv S I n
.1 I- I r 'ic