THE PRESS.
THURSDAY MORNING, DEC. 28, 1871
CITY AND VICINITY.
New AdverllxMeMl* To-Day.
AUCTION COLUMN.
Largo and Important Sale—Oriental Powder Co.
In Bankruptcy—Assignees* Sale.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
New Years Gift—Duran Johnson.
Maine Central Railroad—L. L. Liueoln.
Hogs, Butter—O. S. Crockett.
A Card—T A Arnold
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
Theatre—Bid well Wilkinson.
Palestine—Casco street Church.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Removal—Mitchel Bros.
Boarding and Day School—St Augustine’s.
To Let—L. Taylor,
Notice—G C Yeaton.
#500 Reward—Dr Sage’s Catarrh Remedy.
A Great Chance for Agents.
Steam Heating Apparatus—D Winslow Son.
County TemiHirauee Convention.
For Sale—J A Tenney.
Notice—Business.
Lost—Gold Ring.
For Sale—Billiard Tables.
U. 8. District Court.
BEFORE JUDGE FOX.
Tuesday.—Melvin P. Frank, assignee of Isaac
Dyer, vs. Isaac Emery. This case was not fully re
ported in our issue of yesterday. It was an action at
law bought by the assignee of of Dyer at the De
cember term, 1870, to recover of Emery the amftunt
due on two promissory notes given by Emery to
Dyer, f lie amount claimed lieing #2000. The defend
ant tile 1 an accouut in set-off amounting to #17U0.—
The case was referred to an auditor, who found
$1082.1*8 with interest, as due on the account in set
off, and $1037.02 as the balauce due from defendant
to plaintiff, there being a counter set-off filed by
plaintiff. The plaintift excepted to the finding of the
auditor upon the ground that a part of the account in
set-off was barred by the statute of limitation, and
that the balance of the set-off consisted of the copart
nership debts of Dyer Boulter, and could not be
set-off against the claims of the assignnre of Dyer in
his individual capacity. The case has occupied a
great deal of time and has been warmly contested.—
I lie Court, after a full bearing, set aside tbe award
of tlie auditor so far as tbe set-offs were concerned.—
The existence of tbe copartnership was denied by de
fendant, but the Court held that the same had been
proved, and decided that iu a suit at law brought by
the assignee of a bankrupt debt contracted by a co
partnership of which the bankrupt was a member,
cannot be set-off agaiust the claim of tbe assignee of
one of the individual members of the copartnership
where there is a solvent living partner or a joint es
tate. The Court awarded the sum of $2145.85 and
costs in favor of the plain tiff. The court stated that
the award of the auditor was set aside purely on le
gal grounds, finding that the debts which were bar
red by the statute of limitation were honestly due the
same, having been contracted in a certain joint ship
ment by Dyer and Emery.
Frank pro se. Strout Gage.
Mattocks Fox.
Superior Court.
DECEMBER CIVIL TERM, LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Wednesday.—William H. Bartlett et al. vs. Al
bion Dresser et als. Action to recover on note from
Dresser et als. to James Grover, and endorsed by
said Grover to plaintiff*. Defence—Fraud in incep
tion of note, the same being given in part payment
for patent right:; and minority of one of defendants.
Plaiutiff denied the right of defendants to inquire in
to consideration, in a suit between the plaintiffs who
are innoccut holders for a valuable consideration, and
they contended that the consideration even between
the original parties was valuable, and if the defend
ants have not realized from their patent right it is
because they have neglected to work the territory.
Cobb Ray. Butler Fessendens.
Charles M. Rice vs. Francis O. J. Smith. Action
of assumpsit on account annexed for paper furnished
the Portland Advertiser. Plaintiff claimed that
Smith was proprietor of the newspaper when the pa
per was furnished and brought this suit to recover
the balance due, $102. Defendant claimed that wheu
tills paper was furnished J. T. McGregor was propri
etor of the newspaper, paying him rent for the occu
pation of the building and the use of the publishing
material, and that McGregor was solely responsible.
Judgment for defendant.
Locke. O’Donnell.
_Smith pro 8€.
municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Wednesday—James Ward was fined $5 and costs
for intoxication and disturbance.
Brief JottingH.
A singular accident occurred the other day
to the engine in Noyes* machine shop on
Union street. The engine is an upright, and
just as it started on the down stroke the
crank pin broke and the expanding steam
drove the piston to th# bottom of the cylinder,
smashing up the cross-head, packing box, &c.
Had the break occurred on the upward stroke,
the piston and cylinder head would undoubted
■j uccu umcu uuuugu tuc iwn ui tuc
building.
The annual Christinas festival of the child
ren of St. Luke’s Cathedral Sunday School,
will be held in the Cathedral on State street
this evening at 7 o’clock.
We a»e sorry to learn that the Dolby-Santley
troupe of English vocalists, which had arrang
ed for a concert in this city sometime in Janu
ary, have reconsidered their intention, and giv
en up the engagement of City Hall.
A little son of Patrick Sullivan, who lives on
Hanover street, while coasting on the hank of
the mill-pond above Deering’s bridge on Mon
day, ran on to the ice, which broke beneath his
weight, and he would have been drowned but
for the heroism of some of his comrades.
We observe that a great many sheep-skins
are being imported into Portland from the
Provinces by our wool-merchants and tanners.
The dutiy on them is about 35 cents each in
gold.
We understand that the John S. Hall Adel
phian and Burlesque Company, is re-organiz
ing and will visit Portland some time in Janu
ary. Mr. Hall and wife have just closed a
very successful season of three months at
Wood’s Museum.
Miss Bailey has just finished a charming lit
tle landscape of Esopus Brook, full of warmth
and beauty. It is on exhibition at Schu
macher's.
Our readers who attend the Army Navy
Course will bear in mind that the entertain
ment this week takes place on Friday evening
in place of Thursday. Rev. W. H. H. Murray,
of Adirondack fame, will deliver his famous
lecture on “Deacons.”
The U. S. District Court will come in at 10
o’clock this morning.
The residents of Boston aro recognizing the
fidelity of their letter carriers in a substantial
manner. We merely mention the matter in
passing.
Bidwell Wilkinson’s dramatic company
will open at Music Hall New Year’s evening
for a season of five nights.
One of the Spring street liorse cars had one of
its sides stove in by a collision Tuesday after
noon.
The alarm of fire from box No. 14, about five
o’clock yesterday afternoon, was occasioned by
the slight burning of a dwelling-house No. 91
Washington street, owned and occupied by Pat
rick Brannon. The family were absent at the
time. Damage estimated at $100. Property
insured. The fire took from a defect in the
chimney.
The Oriental Powder Company is to sell all
the property of the corporation at South Wind
ham at auction on the 11th of January.
Complete Kclorntion of the Western
Noon itlail.
Post Office, Portland, Dec. 27,1871.
Although the Department order changing the
Boston, New York and Southern mail from
7.30 A. M. accommodation train to the 8.30 A.
M. express train from Boston on and after Nov.
13th was revoked and a restoration of the mail
to the early train ordered to take effect Dec.
lltli, and notice to that effect was given to the
citizens through the papers, the transportation
of newspapers and of way letters between Bos
ton and Portland has hitherto been delayed.
X am now happy to be able to state to the
public that a postal car has been put on the
daily 7.30 train between Boston and Portland,
commencing to-day, and that the order of the
Department has gone into full effect and a com
plete restoration of the 7.30 A. M. mail has thus
been effected. C. W. Goddard, Postmaster.
St. Augustine’s School.—The Easter term
of this school will begin on Tuesday next, as
will be observed by the advertisement. During
the past term a new dormitory has been erected,
rendered necessary by the increasing number of
pupils. The friends of the institution will be
pleased to receive this evidence of the growth
of the institution. On Christmas the boys of
the school presented the Principal, Mr. Smith,
with an elegant silver ice pitcher.
Death of a Printer.—Frank J^Follett, for
many years foreman of the Press office, and
for the last year or more, occupying the same
position on the Advertiser, died at his residence
yesterday. He had been in failing health for
some time, his disease being dropsy, hut his
death was somewhat sudden and will surprise
and grieve a large circle of friends. Mr. Follett
was a good printer, a smart energetic man,
faithful to his employers and always enjoyed
their respect and confidence. His age was 43
years. He leaves a widow and three children.
We saw yesterday at Loring, Short Har
mon’s, a splendid set of account books, which
the firm had just completed to the order of a
large business house in Boston. In binding,
texture of paper and tastiness of ruling and
printed headings they were a credit to oui
Portland Workmen.
The Board of 31 alkufnc lures.
Agreeable to announcement a meeting of th<
H 'el'il of Manufactures was held last eveninj
at the Alermen’s room, and the fact that A. D
Lockwood, esq., of Boston, would address tin
committee on the subject of manufactures ii
Portland drew together quite an assemblage o
business men. The eminence of Mr. Lockwoot
as a manufacturing engineer, made the state
ments brought out in the course of the eveninj
of more than ordinary interest and importance
Mr. Lockwood first proceeded to give the cos
of operating a cotton mill of 30,000 spindles, a
follows: It requires one-horse power to drive
spindles, consuming three pounds of coal pe
hour per horse power, or 33 lbs. of coal pe
power per day of 11 hours; an aggregate o
4,717,030 pounds.or 2358 tons per year for a mil
of the size described. This includes, besidei
motive power, heating and drying. For a mil
of the same [lower driven by water 800 tons o
coal are necessary for heating and drying, mak
ing a difference in cost of coal in favor of wa
ter-driven mills of 1558 tons per annum, or (al
$S per ton) $12,4(54 per year. Add the cost ol
an engineer ($1500 per year) to a steam-mil
and we have $13,9(54. A mill of 30,000 spindle:
at Lewiston will pay a water rent of $3000 pei
annum; the difference in freight between tin
buying and selling centers and Portland ami
Lew-iston is $3000 in favor of Portland, making
$79(54 per annum in favor of Lewiston. The
taxes which such a mill pays in Lewiston i:
about $11,000, or 11-3 per cent, in favor of Lew
iston if the rate of taxation in both places Is
the same; but ^percent, in favor ol Portland
if the factory is exempt from taxation. Lew-is
ton, we understood Mr. Lockwood, was put in
comparison, as a maximum of places possess
ing water-power, and less affected by its fluctu
ations during the year.
The matter then took a colloquial turn, and
in reply to questions Mr. Lockwood stated that
the increase of cotton mills in the country dur
ing the past few years had not been equal to
the wants of the country if we include the con
sumption uf coarser grades of goods. The num
ber of mills has not kept pace with the popula
tion, unless we include those nkimr mint
cloths. Printing machines have increased, but
the supply of prints is no greater. This is in
part owing to the opening of the South to trade.
The consumption of cotton goods lias within a
few years increased per capita. In the South
cotton manufacture has not increased much
some new enterprisss have been established
but have not been successful on account of nad
management. Below Maryland the manufac
turers confine themselves to coarse goods, but
with Northern capital the South might compete
with New England in the fine standard goods.
The tendency of the people is towards finer
goods than formerly. The South cannot at pres
ent compete in fine goods; they require skilled
labor, and the tendency of Southern sentiment
is to employ white rather than colored labor.
He doubted if there was a colored mau in a
Southern mill. Portland and Fall Biverstand rel
atively the same as regards the question of cost
of living; as regards help, he would prefer Port
land as the liest able to supply the requisite
quality of intelligence. A location near other
mechanical industries is desirable, as they em
ploy the men while the women and children
could find work in the cotton mills. Mr. Lock
wood here gave an interesting statement of the
increase of value of manufacturing operations
in Salem and New Bedford. The recent im
provements in machinery are equivalent to an
increase of 10 per cent, in the product over the
average of mills in the country.
Mr. Isickwood then gave the result of his ex
amination of Brown’s Sugar House with a view
to its conversion into a cotton mill. By chang
ing its eight floors to five in number, and in
cluding the present store-house and out-build
ings, it could be made capable of containing
32,000 spindles, capable of supporting a populi?
tion of about 2000. But little additional motive
power than that now set up would be required.
The probable expense of putting this mill in
operation would be $12.50 per spindle, or $400,
000, and a working capital of $200,000 is need
ed. _ A portion of this could be earned, over
dividends, in time. Had such a mill been put
in operation two years ago, the result would
have been $200,000 profits, which w-ould be a
little above the average of profits for a mill of
long standing. One hundred thousand spindles
will in a few years gather a population of 0000
around it. I assume, he said, that a mill to be
driven by steam, for fine work, can be built as
cheaply as a water-mill; at $25 per spindle,
with land at a fair price; exclusive of boardiiig
hotises, it can be reduced to $20 per spindle.
Fine work requires less power than coarse
work. The average time required for putting
raw cotton into the market as manufactured
goods is one month. Now-a-days the returns
are quicker than formerly, when goods were
sold on six and eight mouths. It would require
about eight months to transform the Sugar
House into a cotton factory, as the machine
shops are driven with orders for new work for
old mills. The manufacture of cotton machin
ery is a special branch of business, and ordinary
shops have to be educated up to it. But little
machinery would have to be imported. Should
such a factory as we are speaking of be estab
lished and be successful, and enlarged, a bleach
erv would be found profitable. There would be
little difficulty in finding energetic practical
men to take charge of the mechanical and busi
ness affairs of such a concern.
On motion of C. P. Kimball the thanks of
the Committee were tendered to Mr. Lockwood
for his interesting and valuable statements; and
when the meeting was dissolved Mr. L. was in
troduced to a number of influential gentlemen
present, who personally thanked him for his
kindness. In reply to a question Mr. Lockwood
said the advantages of cotton manufacture by
steam in Portland was superior to those offered
in the majority of places where where the va
riableness of water-power was felt.
St. Luke’s Church.—The Christmas offer
ings at St. Luke’s church, we understand, were
ifbout $3000. Included in the offerings was a
pledge from a wealthy member of the parish,
to complete the work of ceiling the nave nt
his own expense, which it is estimated will cost
about $1000. The parish is engaged now in
raising the funds to pay off a large installment
of the debt, and there is little doubt that they
will succeed in doing it ere many days. These
people deserve rich material and spiritual re
sults, for they are proving the doctrine of a
free church, where no special privileges are
granted to one more than to another; no pew
system is sustained, nor a specific price put on
the right to worship God, but where rich and
poor can meet in perfect equality, and the
poor man is as welcome to the sanctuary as tlie
rich, each giving for Christian work as he has
been blessed in his substance; leaving the
amount to be fixed by his own conscience.
These are the principles on which the work is
based; and no congregation has engaged more
heartily in it, or given more liberally of their
means than they. They should havo the good
wishes of all of every sect and creed.
Gorham.—The Christmas entertainment by
the Sunday School of the Methodist church in
Gorham, under the direction of the Superin
tendent, Mr. Benj. E. Bedlon, on Monday eve
ning, was a very creditable and enjoyable oc
casion. The singing and recitations by the
children were very appropriate. Miss Bedell
presided at the organ with care and graceful
ness. “Old Father Time,’’ (represented by
George Johnson), with his whitened locks and
bent form, together with his twelve daughters
were present and imparted much life and vi
vacity to the scene. The singing by Miss Ada
Cary and Mrs. Topliff, was especially fine, as
well as the valedictory written for the occasion
by Mrs. Arthur McLellan, and spoke* by Miss
Benson. The house was crowded and all pres
ent pronounced it a very pleasant season. At
the close of the entertainment numerous pres
ents were distributed. The pastor of the
church, Rev. John Collins, and his family were
generously remembered in the distribution.
___
N(f .—Sto ckbri dge is becoming fa
miliar to musicians as the publisher of excel
lent music. Among the newest pieces bearing
liis imprint, are two sacred songs by Marston;
entitled “Now the Stars are lit in heaven,” and
“Jesus lover of my soul,” very fine composi
tions. “Guard Mounting,” a military march,
and “Good Night,” dedicated to our popular
tenor John Margin, are the names of two
more. Stockbridge has also sent us “Farther
On,” for voice and piano, by Camille; “Only to
Live” one of Charles Santley’s Songs: “Would
that my Love,’ a fantasie, by Gustav Lauge, on
a melody by Mendelssohn; “I’m dreaming, to
day of the past, Milly,” ballad by C. F. Shat
tuck; and “Importunity,” one of Mrs. Charles
Moulton’s songs. The Folio for January is un
der the editorship of George Lowell Austin. It
contains a song by C. A. White, a waltz, a sa
cred quartette, and a portrait of Mozart.
serious Accident.—.Mr. Edward M. Young,
a brakeman on the Portland Ogdensburg
railroad, was quite badly injured late Tuesday
afternoon by being struck on the head by a
bridge near White Rock, under which the
freight train on which he was was passing. He
was struck on the back of the head and fell for
ward so that his head hung over the edge of the
car probably, as the blood from the wound had
dropped between the cars. When the train
stopped at Gambo he got down from the car
but was out of his head and could give no ac
count of the accident. He had probably lair
sometime in an unconscious state, and it is al
most a miracle that he did not fall between the
cars while the train was iu motion and suffer
instant death. He was brought to this city,
where he lives, and Dr. Burr called, who pro
nounced his wound a flesh wound and probably
not dangerous.
Steamers.—Steamers Lewiston and City o
Richmond of the Maehias and Bangor lines an
lying at State street wharf, undergoing tlior
ougli repairs for next season’s business. Thi
former is to receive new boilers from the work
of Quinn Coyle. The steamer New York, o
the International line, is at Dyer’s wharf, ii
the hands of a gang of workmen.
I. G..O. F.—Eastern Star Encampment No
2,1. O.’o. F., of this city, last evening electee
the following officers for the ensuing six months
E. T. Littlefield, C. P.; A. E. Chase, H. P.
Jotham R. Gribben, S. W.; Charles H. French
W William K. Neal, Scribe; W. G. Norris
Treasurer,
The Ball of the M. L. A.—The anniversary
ball of the Mercantile Library Association at
City Hall last night was one of the most bril
liant affairs of the season. The hall was ele
gantly draped with flags; over the platform
were the letters “M. L. A.” formed of gas jets;
the front of the galleries bore elegant oil paint
ings and engravings furnished by Hale, and
suspended about the room were cages of ca
naries, supplied by Nutter Brothers Co.,
which made the evening vocal with their melo
dy. About 230 couples were present at the
opening, but at midnight the company was con
siderably reduced in numbers. Chandler’s
Baud gave superb music, and the ladies exhib
ited some -very pretty toilets. An order of a
dozen dauces was prepared, which included
some attractive novelties. George Webster
spread an elegant table in the Reception Room
for such as desired refreshment, and the recep
tion of guests and the management of the floor
was entrusted to good committees. Mr. Burn
ham, the janitor of the building, did everything
in the way of preparation for the festivities and
was in attendance all the evening to contribute,
if he could in auy way, to the comfort of the
guests. __
Runaways.—About 3 o’clock yesterday af
ternoon a horse owned by Hugh Dolan, and
driven by Alexander Stuart, took fright in Sa
lem Lane and ran down Danfortli street in spite
of Stuart’s efforts to control him. At the cor
ner of Danfortli and Maple streets he ran over
two men named Hafferty and Cunningham,
who were at work on the road, injuring them
flAVProlv At tlio (Virnor nf T)otilr otmot lin «n»
over two little girls, and then fell his length on
the ground and was secured. The girls were
but little injured, but the men were badly hurt.
Cunningham was taken to his home in Brown’s
Field, in the rear of Pleasant street, and Dr.
Thayer summoned, who was unable to ascertain
the result of his injuries. His head was badly
wounded, and severe if not fatal internal dam
age is apparent. Hafferty escaped better, but
he is badly hurt. Stuart was injured, we un
derstand.
About eight o’clock last evening Gen. Frank
Fessenden’s coachman harnessed his splendid
black horses into the carriage at the stable on
Deering street, and as he turned to close the
coach-house doors, the horses started on the
ruu and went down Congress and Middle streets
to India, when one of the animals fell and was
dragged a considerable distance by his mate.
The horse was so badly hurt that it is feared
the injuries will be permanent. The carriage
was also damaged. The horses were valuable
animals and were purchase by the General two
years ago at a cost of $1500.
Aid to Bailroad Corporations.—The de
bate before the Maine Charitable Mechanics’
Association, at the Mechanics’ Library room
this evening, on the question of National, State
and Municipal aid to railroad corporations, will
no doubt prove interesting, as this question is
one of the most important now before the pub
lic. These debates have thus far been interest
ing and profitable, and they have dealt with
questions of great importance which now agi
tate the public mind. The discussion this
evening will be opened by Mr. J. B. Thorndike
in the affirmative, and Mr. Lyman N. Kim
ball in the negative; after which the debate
will be open for all who may choose to speak
upon the question.
Kkiguts of Pithias.—At the semi-annual
meeting of Bramhall Lodge, No. 3, Knights of
Pythias, held Tuesday evening, the following
officers were elected: Isaac Hicks, V. P.; Ezek
iel H. Hanson, W. C.; B. Williams, Y. C.;
John A. Loring, B. S.; Frank W. True, F. S.;
George H. Libby, B.; Jere S. Douglass, Martin
L. Stevens, John Yeaton, Jr., Trustees.
Sale of Law Books.—F. O. Bailey Co.,
sold at auction at their salesroom yesterday the
law library belenging to the estate of Jabez C.
Woodman. Massachusetts reports brought $1.25
per volume; Pickering’s, $2; Metcalf’s, $1.75;
Cushing’s, $2.50; Allen’s, $2.S7; Gray’s, $3.12J;
Johnson’s, $2.37. Twenty-two volumes of Uni
ted States Supreme Court reports brought $2.87
per volume, and twenty-four volumes of the
United States Digests $3.50 per volume.
No one interested in the study of the Bible
and Bible JJistory should fail to hear Mr. Har
wood’s Descriptive lecture this evening at Cas
co Street church. His maps and paintings fix
in the mind, incidents and localities almost as
clearly as though one had seen them. This
Lecture was given at Chestnut Street Church
On Christmas pvpninrr and harr flip pmlnrsp
meat of the pastor, superintendent and many
others, that it was exceedingly interesting and
instructive.
A delightful musical soiree was given yester
day afternoon at one of the elegant residences
on High street. The windows were darkened,
and the occasion made more brilliant by gas
light and floral decorations. Miss Card, a young
sister of Mrs. W. H. Dennett, made her debut
as a vocalist, and charmed the company by her
pure, sweet tones and cultivated execution.
A portion of our entertainment advertise
ments will be found on the second page.
[For the Press.}
Fire.—The good people of East Gray and the
neighboring town of North Yarmouth were
thrown into intense excitement on the 24th
inst., by the reportof a very great conflagration
which happened sometime between the 21st and
24th inst. The building was owned by Mr.
Charles M. Lane of Gray, on whom the loss
falls like a thunder bolt from the sky. Situat
ed in the midst of a dense forest it did not be
come known to any until Mr. Lane happened
to pass that way.' when, behold, what a sight
met his gaze when he saw what was once his
stately edifice, the long cherished idol of his
heart, nothing but a mass of black and smoul
dering ruins. Man cannot know how he felt,
as there was no insurance on the building. It
is understood that two wood choppers had been
at work near by just previous to the fire, and
suspicion thus far rests on them.
P. S. Since the above was written the wood
choppers have been called to an account, and
have confessed their guilt and made settlement
in the following manner: Wood chopper No. 1
pays $2.50; wood chopper No. 2 pays $2.50; to
tal $5.00. _
MISCELLANEOUS NOTICES.
To produce that permanent elasticity of the
nerve structure, so essential to the healthy ac
tion of the nervous system, tone and stimulate
it with Smolander’s Buchu, which entirely
eradicates kidney, bladder and glandular dis
eases,mental and physical debility, diabetes,
gravel, female weakness and uterine maladies.
It has the emphatic endorsement of family
physicians. _dec27th-eodlw
Rubber Blankets $1.50 each, Boots—Shoes
—and all kinds of Rubber Goods at Factory
Prices. For sale at the Bazaar 14 Exchange
St. Ladies Water Proof capes and Gent’ coats.
Call and see and you will buy. dc27-3t
All who have not bought their Chrismas and
New Years presents will be interested to know
that we will sell our remaining stock of im
ported holiday goods at a great reduction in
price until the first of January. It is the
most favorable opportunity yet offered to buy
nice goods cheap, as they cost us much less
than the importer’s prices.
dec27tS Schumacher Bros.
Fellows’ Compound Syrup of Hypophos
f hites is an excellent nervous tonic. It ex
erts a direct influence on the nervous system,
and through it it invigorates the body.
dec22-dedlw&wlt
The Hygrodeik, for regulating the liumidi
of the air in the house or conservatory, is a use
ful instrument and a beautiful ornament. For
sale by C. H. Farley* decl9tli-tf
To those who are bowed down by nervous
Debility, and despair of ever recovering the
vigor anti mien ot manhood we earnestly ree
ommend Dn. Walkers California Vinegar
Bitters. Before they have finished the first
bottle, they will feel the restorative principle
at work in every portion of their broken-down
systems and hope will spring up in their hearts.
No case of Dyspepsia, Billiousness, Intermit
tent Fever, Rheumatism, Gout or kidney dis
ease, can resist this unequalled vegetable tonic
which is unpolluted by any distilled or fer
mented liquor._dec9-d4w
BIMINESS HOTItES.
Brff. X. Walker, M. O.
[From the Medical Record of November 1st, 1871.]
Having been requested to state what I know
therapeutically of Kennedy’s Concentrated Ex
tract of Piuus Canadensis, and furthermore be
ing requested to send it for publication in the
columns of your journal, I beg leave briefly to
tax your patience and generosity.
For the past six months I have used this ex
tract in many cases affecting the mucous mem
branes, and in almost every case it has given
entire satisfaction. In abrasion of the os and
cervex uteri, when applied in its full strength
by means of a pledget of xotton, I have found
it far more satisfactory than tannin or iodine.
In endometritis it has proved equally satisfac
tory. I have used it with perfect success in
acute and chronic vaginitis, by applying it in
its full strength every other day. I have also
i used it in several cases of gonorrhea, and must
say that I vastly prefer it to the vaunted rem
edy of claret and tannin.
1 It is certainly a most valuable astringent and
tonic; and I doubt not that it will very soon
have its place in our Materia Medica.
.121 East 35th St.
For sale by W. W. Whipple Co. Portland,
and by Druggists generally. dec23-lw
The Hyorodeik is a useful instrument in
every house. It is an instrument your friends,
ministers and teachers want, but have not got.
For sale by C. H. Farley, de20th-tf
BY TKU(,RAIMI.
MAINE.
SALE OF VESSELS.
Bath, Dec. 27.—One quarter of the ship
Emma, built iu 1866 by John Harward Son,
of Bowdoinliam, was sold at auction in this city
to-day by order of assignee for $4650. F. B.
Torrey was the purchaser. One-sixteenth of
bark Andaman, 427 tons, now on the passage
from Sicily to Philadelphia, was sold for $900.
A CASE OF FRAUD.
Bangor, Dec. 27.—In the Police Court to-day
George D. Stowe and Benjamin F. Terry, of
Boston, were each held in $2500 bail to answer
at the February term of the Supreme Court to
the charge of obtaining $20,000 of Joseph W.
Pollard, of Oldtown, under false pretences.
Stowe found bail and Terry was committed to
jail.
WASHINGTON.
REDEMPTION OF DEFACED CURRENCY.
Washington, Dec. 27.—The following chang
es in the regulations governing the redemption
of defaced and mutilated currency of the United
States, to go into effect the first of January:
Defaced and mutilated United States notes and
currency instead of being redeemed as now by
the Treasurer of the United States, subject to
discount for the mutilation, will be redeemable
at their full value in new notes or currency by
the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers and desig
nated depositaries of the United States, and all
national bank depositaries and will be received
at the full face value by all officers of the Treas
ury Dej a”tmeut in payment of currency due ti e
United States, provided that three-fifths of the
original proportion of such are presented in
one niece. Fragments of less than five-eighths
will be redeemable only by the Ireasurer of the
United States. If more than half ana less
than live-eighths is presented, half the face
value will be paid. Less than half the note
will be redeemable only on an affidavit that the
missing portion is totally destroyed.
Under the new rules, any person, bank cor
poration or public officer, will be permitted to
forward five dollars and upwards in legal ten
der notes for redemption to the Treasurer by
express, at the expense of the Department,
under government contract with the Adams
Express Co. (Heretofore, nothing less than $500
was entitled to transportation at government
expense.
A circular embodying these changes is now
preparing in the Treasury office.
The officers of the Treosury are determined
to remove all cause for complaint concerning the
condition of United States currency and to
that end have concluded to extend to all the
most liberal facilities for its redemption.
It is expected at the Department that the
new rules will result a marked improvement of
the condition of the currency.
CATACAZY.
Ex-Minister Catacazy is now in Washington
closing up his business matters. A letter from
Berlin says that he was obliged to eeave Hano
ver after great difficulty for incompatibilities of
one kind or other.
PAYMENT OF THE INTEREST.
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day com
menced payment without rebate of interest due
on the first of January, on the United States
bonds.
THE PRESIDENT’S NEW YEAR’S RECEPTION.
An announcement is made by authority that
at eleven o’clock on New Years’s day, the
President will receive members of the Cabinet
and foreign ministers; at 11.30 Judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States, Senators
and Representatives" in Congress and Judges of
Supreme Court of District of Columbia and
Court of Claims; at 12 o’clock, officers of the ar
my and navy; at 12.30, the heads of the bureaus
of the several departments. The reception of
the citizens will commence at 1 o’clock and ter
minate at 2.
TREASURY BALANCE.
The Treasury balances at the close of business
to-day: Currency, $10,408,000; coin certificates,
$34,880,000; coin, $100,525,000.
MASSACHUSETTS.
TEMPERANCE ALLIANCE.
Boston, Dec. 21.—The Executive Committee
of the State Temperance Alliance at a meeting
to-day elected Rev. A. A. Miner President, and
adopted an address to the prohibitionists of
Massachusetts urging continued moral action
but asserting that the fate of the cause must be
finally decided at the ballot box.
MEETING OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FISHING
INTERESTS.
A meeting was held at the United States ho
tel to-day of persons interested ia fisheries, in
which the question of protection was discussed,
and the appointment of a special committee
decided upon to wait upon our Senators and
Representatives in Congress, and endeavor w ith
them, to obtain either a bounty or some other
means oi neutralizing wnatever evils the treaty
may* threaten to inflict upon our fishermen.—
This committee is to be selected by the differ
ent towns, one member from each town inter
ested in fisheries. Among those present at the
meeting were Gen. Butler and Congressman
Buffington. Gen. Butler is to address the do
zens of Pro vince town to-m nr row evening on
the fishery question.
NEW YORK.
RAILROAD ACCIDENT.
New York, Dec. 27.—Yesterday when a coal
train was within three-quarters of a mile of
Lackawaxen, on the Honesdale branch of the
Erie Railway, one of the rocks on the side of
the road, weighing many hundreds of tons,
tumbled down and lodged on the railroad track
a few feet ahead of the agproacliing train which
was running fast. The engineer and the fire
man were thrown from the engine, the latter
being thrown on his head and instantly killed,
while the engineer was only slightly injured.—
The locomotive was completely wrecked, the'
centre of the train being thrown high into the
air forming for an instant a huge pyramid, then
fifteen of the cars went crashing down an em
bankment forty feet to the river.
ACCIDENTS.
Bark Stefanino, from Leghorn for New York,
has been got off Squan beach and towed to this
city leaking badly.
Schooner Justice, from Millstone Point, with
stone, struck Big Mill Rock, Hell Gate, to-day,
and tiffed with water. She is in charge of the
wreclrmaster.
BOSS TWEED NOT TO BE FOUND.
At a late hour this afternoon the Sheriff had
failed to discover the whereabouts of Tweed
though a large number of deputies were active
in the search. H is sons persist that their father
is in the city and that they had an interview
with him to-day. The warrant for his arrest
was put into the hands of a Deputy Sheriff by
Terence Farley.
INDICTMENT OF MAYOR IT ALL.
The rumor of the indictment of Mayor Hall
is still believed, and it is stated that the paper
was returned to the jury for some correction
and will soon be ready for presentation.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
The Russian fleet is ordered to remain here
for the present.
Three millions of the Erie consolidated mort
gage of $30,000,000 has been marketed at 75 per
cent.
One of the city banks has been swindled out
of $40,000 in the purchase of business paper in
open market which proved to be forged.
A special meeting of the National Associa
tion for improving the interests of the trotting
turf was held to-day, Geo. H. Smith presiding,
to receive evidence for the decision on disputed
points during the year. The session continues
to-morrow.
The coronor’s jury find that Edward Carroll
was killed on Christmas night by a blow from
John McCartney, but that the latter had no in
tention of taking his life. McCartney is held
in $5000 bail for the action of the grand jury.
ACCIDENT TO A FOREIGN STEAMER.
The steamer Cuba, hence for Liverpool, while
going down the lower bay, this morniug, struck
on the knolls where she now remains. The
Coast Wrecking Co. has sent a steamer to her
assistance.
Later.—The steamer Cuba still remains ashore.
The attempt to get her off this tide has been re
linquished and she will probably have to dis
charge some cargo to lighted the vessel.
tweed’s PRINTING HOUSE TO BE SOLD.
The extensive property of the New York
Printing Co., recently seized by a sheriff on a
suit brought by the Ocean Bank on a protested
note for $109,339, will be sold at public auc
tion.
ALLEGED COUNTERFEITER ACQUITTED.
The jury in the Miner case brought in a ver
dict of not guilty at one o’clock to-uiglit. Judge
Benedict’s charge indicated to them that the
evidence of the detectives and of Cole, a man
just relieved from custody, should be received
with caution, and Col. Wvhitley could only be
justified in extending freedom from the prose
cution to Cole in the event of Miner’s convic
tion.
WORTHLESS CHECKS.
It appears that a worthless check for $20,000
was passed on the Broad wav Bank and one of a
similar amount on a Newark bank, both by the
same party whose name is not yet disclosed.
QANG OF SWINDLERS BROKEN UP.
The police to-night effectually broke up a
gang of swindlers who have been operating by
THE LATEST ABOUT TWEED.
It is believed that Tweed is still in the city
but as far .as ascertained he has not been seen
to-night. To-morrow is fixed as the last day
for the justification of his bondsmen.
Tweed is said to have been at the Metropoli
tan Hotel in the forenoon, and also at the De
partment of Public Works. His friends say he
is in town and prepared ts meet every issue.
THE ELECTION FRAUDS.
In the Brooklyn election fraud case the jury
found a verdict of gulity in the case of Weldon
and McGiff and not gulity in the case Shandley.
Sentence postponed.
HIGHWAY ROBBERY.
Poughkeepsie, Dec. 27.—Arthur McMann
waylaid John Gill on a country road near Fish
kill, on Christmas night, stabbed him five times
and robbed him of $30. Gill is in a critical con
dition. McMann escaped.
VIRGINIA.
FIRE IN A HOTEL.
Richmond, Dec. 27—Midnight.—The kitchen
of the Exchange Hotel is now burning and the
fire may communicate to the] main building.
The guests are panic stricken and are moving
out.
Later.—The fire was subdued without much
injury to the main building. Considerable
damage was done to the furniture of the hotel
by moving; The stocks of O. Crane, liquor
dealer, and J. Latoutch, merchant tailor, whose
stores are under the hotel, were also damaged
by moving and water. The panic among the
guests was very great, many rushing out in
their night clothes, fearing another Spottswood
calamity.
LOUISIANA.
LOSS OF A STEAMER.
New Orleans, Dec. 27.—The steamship
Florida heuce for Apalachicola, sprung a leak
in the gulf on the 23d inst., and sunk. The
officers and crew took to the boats aud landed
twenty miles east of Mobile point. Jno Reed
(colored) was drowned by the boat swamping in
the surf. The steamer was valed at $20,000.
No insurance.
CALIFORNIA.
VARIOUS MAMTEIIS.
San Francisco, Dec. 26.—All the trains on
the Central Pacific railroad east of this point,
and on the California, Oregon Visolia branches
were running on time. The damage to the road
by the storm was slight.
Abundant rains insure bountiful harvests in
1872.
The wheat transportation from the Sacra
mento and St. Joaquin valleys will be sufficient
m addition to Asiatic freights passing over-land
to of the Central Pacific road
OHIO.
DEATH OF REV. R. J. BRECKEN RIDGE.
Cincinnati, Dec. 27.—Rev. Robert J. Breck
enridge died at 5 o’clock this evening, at his
home in Danville, Ky., after a protracted ill
ness.
BURGLARY.
Sunday evening, during the absence of the
family, the residence of 1). C. Ward, in Madi
sonville, six miles from Cincinnati, was enter
ed by burglars, who abstracted $8000 in bank
notes from a trunk.
DELINQUENT OFFICIAL.
Cleveland, Dec. 27.—A. Whittaker, Post
Master at Bowling Green, Wood county, O.,
was arrested and brought here to-day by a Depu
ty U. S. Marsha], charged with embezzling
money order funds. He was held in $1500 to
answer.
ILLINOIS.
SUSPICION OF FOUL PLAY.
Chicago, Dec. 27.—The papers state that Mrs.
McCoy, a milliner residing at Crestline, O., and
a lady of good character, came to this city, and
either went herself or was taken to a female
doctor on State street where she died in a few
days and was put in a box and sent off to Ohio,
where the body was discovered. Arrests have
been made. Anion" those arrested was a bag
Sage master on the Pittsburg, Fort Wayne and
hicago railroad, named William Threb, who
was engaged to be married to Mrs. McCoy. It
is claimed by the police that abortion was prac
ticed upon the deceased. Dr. Miller, who made
a partial post mortem examination, says he has
disP.mrnrniT Tin crnr. .V. 4-n
that the woman (lied other than a natural death.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
There were in store here on the 23d inst. 5,
218,000 bushels of grain.
A well authenticated report says the Repub
lican will be merged in the Post.
t'TAH.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
Salt Lale Citv, Dec. 26.—There are fur
ther reports of snow slides attended with loss
of life in the mining canons.
William Thurwood, a school teacher, was shot
and killed by J. Woodward, at Lehi, Tuesday.
Woodward was the aggressor.
There is‘much embarrassment owing to the
detention of freight trains. Some descriptions
of merchandise are wholly exhausted. The
weather is very bad. Christmas had a merry
keeping despite the storm.
Garroters have appeared in our streets. Two
cases have occurred within a week.
NEBRASKA.
PROTRACTED SUSPENSION OF TRAINS.
Omaha, Dec. 17.—A dispatch from Rawlins’
Springs reports this evening that no trains pass
ed over the blockaded portion of the Union Pa
cifitT railroad since the 21st. The most of the
present difficulty is between Cheyenne and
Rawlins’ station.
MOB VIOLENCE.
Last Friday night a band of armed and dis
guised men took a man named Thompson from
a shanty twenty miles south of here, since
which time nothing lias been seen of him.—
Thompson had made himself obnoxious to per
sons near, by giving evidence against a man for
stealing wood.
METEOROLOGICAL.
SYNOPSIS OF WEATHER REPORTS FOR THE PAST
TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
War Dep’t, Office Chief Signal)
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Dec. 27 (7.00 P. M.) I
Probabilities.—The barometer will continue
to rise on Thursday with northwest winds back
ing to the north in' New England aud the Mid
dle Stales and northwesterly winds in the
Southern and Gulf States. Southerly winds
with threatening weather will develope in the
northwest. Clear and pleasant weather will
prevail very generally east of Mississippi.
Brisk but not dangerous winds up> anticipated
this evening.
FOREIGN.
SOUTH AFRICA.
SEIZURE OF THE DIAMOND FIELDS.
London, Dec. 27.—The mail from the Cape of
Good Hope brings accounts of the manner in
which the announcement of the annexation of
African territory to the British Dominions was
received by the inhabitants. The intelligence
that the treaty was finally concluded produced
much excitement. Mr. Brand, President of
the Free States, issued a formal protest against
the transfer of the diamond fields to Great
Britain.
gold discoveries.
Discoveries of gold in considerable quantities
had been made in the Transvaal Republic. The
reports attracted many adventurers to that
quarter. Diamond seekers were abandoning
the diamond districts for the newly discovered
gold country.
CHINA.
PROGRESS.
T TV, .A O-T TV_1_1_ I_ m_
hac announce that the Chinese Government is
determined to follow the example of the Japan
ese and send young men to England ana the
United States to be educated.
ROME.
DEATH OF A CARDINAL.
Rome, Dec. 27.—Cardinal Arnardi San Fillip
po E. Sosso, Bishop of Palestine and Vice
Chancellor of the Holy Roman Church, is dead.
He was ‘elevated to the cardinale in 1837 and
died at the age of 78.
FRANCE.
THE PRESS TO BE RESTRAINED.
Paris, Dec. 27.—The Minister of the Interior,
to check the license of public journals, proposes
to increase the stringency of the laws and regu
lations for the control of the press. It is un
derstood that the minister’s intention have the
approval of the press, and the journals most
offending will soon be made to suffer.
GEN. SHERMAN IN PARIS.
Gen. Wm. T. Sherman and Lieut Fred. D.
Grant are expected here to-morrow.
THE ASSEMBLY.
In the Assembly to-day the proposed income
tax was again under discussion. The Minister
of Finance, Pouyer Quertier, spoke in opposi
tion to the measure, which he denounced as ar
bitrary and inquisitorial. The speaker cited
Lord Brougham and Presideut Grant in sup
port of this remark. In the course of some al
lusions to England the minister asserted that
she was only a free trader where there was no
competition. Waloski’s proposal for an impo
sition of a general income tax was finally re
jected by a large majority.
AUSTRIA.
MEETING OF THE REICHSRATH.
Vienna, Dec. 27.—The sessions of the Aus
trian Reichsrath was opened to-day, but the
Emperor’s speech will not be delivered till to
morrow. The estimates of the Minister of Fi
nance for the coming fiscal year were submit
ted, and give the probable expenditures at 359,
000,000 florins against a revenue of 398,000,000.
florins.
SPAIN.
SPANISH REINFORCEMENTS.
Madrid, Dec. 27.—A regiment of chasseurs
sailed from Santander to join the Spanish army
in Cuba. King Amadeus was present and made
a speech to the troops, causing immense enthu
siasm.
GREAT BRITAIN.
TARDY RECOVERY OF THE PRINCE.
London, Dec. 27—1 P. M.—A noon bulletin
from Sandringham to-day reports that the
Prince of Wales passed a quiet night but con
valescence is retarded by a painful affection
above the left hip accompanied by feverishness.
No inquietude is felt as to the Prince’s condi
tion, but regret and disappointment at the
slowness of his recovery are generally ex
pressed. Hopes have been raised that he would
be able to go out before the end of the holidays
and preparations for public rejoicings had been
made. The non-realization of these expecta
tions throws a damper on the festivities of the
season.
London, Dec. 27—d P. M.—The Queen re
turns to Sandringham to-day.
THE WEST INDIES.
dr. Howard’s case.
Havana, Dec. 27.—A communication from
the authorities of Cienfuegos says that the
father of Dr. Howard came here as a colonist
with his sons and received lands from the Gov
ernment as a recompense. Subsequently he
was appointed Commissary of Police and there
by became a Government official. Dr. Howard
was always considered a Spaniard, but never
held office, being a physician. On the 10th of
January, 1870, he took out a police document,
same as is issued to Spaniards, and made no
objection to it. It is therefore considered
doubtful whether Howard is an American.
TERMS OFFERED THE INSURGENTS.
An engagement recently took place near
Mauzanilla, in which the Spanish Col. O’Bre
gan was killed.
Captain General Valmazeda has issued a
proclamation, in which he says the offer of pardon
to insurgents cannot last forever. He now
gives notice that every insurgent captured after
Jan. loth will be shot, and those surrendering
after that date will be sentenced to perpetual
imprisonment. Negro men will be treated the
same as whites. All negro women captured
will be delivered to their owners and will be
compelled to wear chains four years, and all
white women captured in the woods after Jan.
loth will be banished from the country. The
chiefs of insurgent bauds will be allowed to
surrender till the loth of January under condi
tions hitherto granted.
MEXICO.
FROM THE MEXICAN FRONTIER.
New York, Dec. 27.—Advices from Monterey
to the 20th, via Matamoras the 26th inst., state
positively that certain Government command
ers are in league with the revolutionists and
will turn the entire border over to them. Trev
ino and Canales, Governor of Tamoulipas, are
now consulting at Lineras. The attack on Mier
is post[H>ned. Quiroga in Monterey has his
force furloughed for five days. Trevino’s forces
have mostly been given to Matinez for a move
ment on San Luis. There is much discontent.
Strict orders have been issued against any goods
going free from the Zona to the interior.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
REMOVAL OF BRITISH TROOPS.
Halifax, Dec. 27.—It is reported on good
authority that all the British troops, except a
few artillery, will be withdraw from Halifax in
the spring, the only garrisoned city now in the
Dominion.
Several Nova Scotia vessels are quarantined
in the West Indies in coijsequenoes of cholera.
There are reports that the Provincial Govern
ment has applied to the Spanish consul to have
the restriction removed at Cuba and Porto Kico.
The defence in in the trial of Mrs. Whqr^on
begun yesterday at Annapolis but nothing im
portant was developed.
TELEGRAPHIC ITEM*.
The President’s father is reported out of dan
ger.
11 James H. Hackett, the actor, is dangerously
The Labor Reformers on the Pacific coast an
talking of George W. Julian of Indiana, foi
President.
One hundred and twenty thousand tons ol
coal were sold in New York, Wednesday, at re
duced prices.
Government advertised for a million of bonds
in New York Wednesday but only #373,1150 wen
offered at 108.30 to 108.G7.
Michael McGraith of Salem was run over by
the cars Wednesday and killed.
John R. Pearson of Woburn, cut his throai
Tuesday night.
Capt. Micnaer of the Welsh brigantine Nina,
at Halifax, shot the boatswain, Daniel Duggan,
Tuesday night fatally. He was arrested.
Jesse Le Bertie, of Lowell, a Frenchman, 47
years old, ar.d with a large family, was killed
'Tuesday by falling down stairs.
The dwelling of C. A. Woods at Wheatland,
Pa., was burded Christmas, two servant girls
perishing in the flames. Loss, $35,000.
The upper portion of New York city was ful
ly supplied with gas Wednesday night, eight
hundred men having been employed since Sat
urday night in reconstructing the works.
At the Christmas festival of negroes at a
church in Florence, Ky., on Sunday night, a
white man named Henry. Snyder, who was in
toxicated, insulted the females. Peter Ryder
remonsteated, which so irritated Snyder that
he shot him in the head and then shot three
other negroes.
Iu New Orleans two persons were dangerous
ly shot; five accidentally shot; and nine boys
were severely injured by an explosion of gun
powder, two of them dangerously, during
Christmas night.
A Washington special says the desire to
know about tile connection of Senator Harlan
of Iowa with the Wright Indian frauds is very
general among politicians there, and as Wright
is soon to be brought into court Harlan’s con
nection With him Will lu> inniilunt..]).. l.l.
e<L The chances of Harlan s re-election are
damaged by these charges against him.
A Quebec despatch says a box was found the
other day at the Grand Trunk railway depot,
containing the mutilated body of a female In a
partially decayed condition. The limbs had
been cut off and the flesh chopped in large
pieces. The box had been left by a stranger
who name is unkuown. Foul play is suspected
and an investigation is pending.
Wm. Sherb, a baggage master on the Pitts
burg and Fort Wayne railroad, was arrested at
Lilia, Ohio, by direction of a telegram from
Chicago, charged with having in his charge the
corpse of a Mrs. McCoy, which was taken from
a well-known house of assignation, and there
arc reasonable grounds for the suspicion that
the woman was the victim of either poison, or
abortion.
Wednesday, Judge Learned of Albany de
nied the motion to continue the injunction
against Tweed to prevent him selling-his
property.
The small pox is decreasing in Brooklyn.
Brooklyn shows an increased valuation on
new buildings of five millions.
The hoard of Indian Commissioners report
encouragingly of the present policy and that
•151,000,000 has been saved by its system of pur
chasing supplies, etc.
The Connecticut Democratic State Conven
tion is called for Feb. Gth.
Weather Report, I»ec. Sr, 13 P. HI.
War Department, Signal Service, U. S. Army, Di
visions of Telegrams and Kcporta for the benefit ol
Commerce.
h
S TS g
1 3 S
Place
3
of s I J t
•bservatlon.
S S
o H O co
Boston.30.12 20 NW Clear
Charleston,S.C..30.32 5!) NW Clear
Cheyenne.W. T.29.18 37 SW Cloudy
Chicago.30.61 -2 W Clear
Cleveland.30.54 05 W Cloudy
Corinue, Utah. .29.73 28 Calm Cloudy
Key West.30.22 72 N Clear
Montreal.30.00 06 W Clear
Mt.Wasbington.29.21 12 NW Cloudy
New London... .30.19 21 NW Fair
New Orleans.. .30.40 50 NE Cloudy
New York.30.30 21 NW Clear
Norfolk.30.38 38 N Clear
Omaha.30.39 -7 8 Hazy
Pittsburg.30.57 11 W Clear
Portland.30.03 17 NW Fair
Sau Francisco .29.78 59 S Thrt'ug
Savannah.30.35 52 NW Clear
Washington. ...30.43 25 NW Clear
Wilmington 30.36 46 N •Clear
Barometer corrected for temperature and elevation.
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
Foreign Exports.
CARDENAS. Brig Mattie B Russell—7926 box
shooks, 30 bbls potatoes.
Foreign Imports.
PICTOU, N. S. Brig D W Hennessey—245 tons of
coal to Jas L Farmer.
Brig Peter and John—300 tons of coal to J. L. Far
mer.
CHEVERIE, NS. Sehr Achom—150 tons plaster
to order.
Receipts by Rnilronds and Steamboats.
Maine Central Railroad—5 veal, 15 cases
■shoes, 40 bdls shovels,53 boxes axes, 30 do mdse, 1 car
shooks, 1 car lumber, lot H H goods, 6 bdls baskets,
1 car potatoes, 1 do box shooks.
Steamer Franconia from New York—187 bales
rags, 10 do wool, 50 do hides, 66 rools leather, 4 do
carpeting. 5 plates iron. 6 do steel, 110 half chests tea,
22 casks Tiuseed oil, 12 do bleach powder, 9 do skins,
30 klids molasses, 4 do tobacco, 5 do sugar, 50 bdls
paper bangings, 12 do steel, 39 bags coftee, 100 boxes
window glass, 109 do raisins, 50 do tin, 60 do soap, 50
do hardware, 40 do tobacco, 25 do drugs, 4 metallic
burial cases. 16 springs, 10 bbls peas, 12 do sulphur, 8
do oysters, 5 do molouses, 2 pianos, 150 pkgs sundries.
Steamer Forest City from Boston—12 cases
and bales domestics, 13 bbls vinegar, 40 bags meal, 8
bdls shovels, 15 hay cutters, 24 sinks, 1000 ft lumber,
20 boxes cheese, 50 boxes raisins, 6 bales hair, 5 bbls
liquor, 2 do oil, 10 boxes fresh fish, 50 c:tses sewing
machines, 1 horse, 1 wagon, 50 boxes oranges, 50 bbls
beer, 22 plates boiler iron, 100 pkgs to order; for Can
ada and up country—2 pianofortes, 4 bags oysters,123
bales wool, 3 bills steel, 5 casks soda asb, 24 bdls of
leather,. 21 bbls flour, 1 pump. 100 bags dye wood, 5
casks oil, 18 bdls paper, 53 bales cotton, 1 hnd crocke
ry, 40 bales rags, 80 pkgs to order.
New York Ntock and Money Market*
New York, Dec. 21—Morning.—Gold 108$. Money
percent, per day. Sterling Exchange 109$ 109$.—
Stocks active. State Stocks strong.
The following are the forenoon quotations of Seuth
ern securities:
Tennessee 6*s, new. 63$.
Virginia 6’s, new. 60
Missouri 6’s. 98
Louisiana 6’s, old... 60
Louisiana 6’s, new. 55
Alabama 5’s. 63
Georgia 6’s. 75
North Carolina 6’s, new. 12
South Carolina 6’s, new. 24
The following were the quotations for Pacific Bail
road securities:
Central Pacific bonds.103
Union Pacific do. 93$
Union Pacific stock. 27}
Union Pacific land grants. 79}
Union Pacific income bonds. 82
New York, Dec. 27—Evening.—The demand for
Money was very sharp early in the day and the
market was quite stringent. Government bond deal
ers were supplied at 7 per cent, currency to 7 per cent.
Gold, but „cock brokers had to pay an 3-16 per
diem to have stocks turned. During the afternoon
there was a relaxation in the stringency and the
dealers on the street ranged from per day to 7 per
cent, per annum, and with the closing of business at
1-32; prime business rates nominally at 10 12 per
cent. At the Treasury to-day $82,797 three per cent,
certificates were presented for payment. The Treas
ury has paid out $2,650,000 Gold and $340,000 cur
rency on account of the January interest and $2,000
in Gold in redemption of $5-20 bonds. The Assist
ant Treasurer was enabled to buy only $240,550 Gov
ernment bonds at par in Gold. Sterling Exchange
dull at 109 109$. Gold firm at 108$ 108$; loans
were made at 7 per cent. Gold to an per cent.; a he
clearances to-day were 41,000,000. Governments
strong and higher with an increasing demand from
investors. State bonds weaker. Stocks heavy and
lower at noon; the decline .ranging from to per
cent. Many short contracts were closed upon the
advance of yesterday and the market was without
this sustaining influence. A number of parties long
of Stocks having sold out, preferring to accept the
present inviting profits rather than wait for a Janua
ry rise.
The following are the closing quotations of Govern
ment securities:
United States coupon 6’s, 1881. 117$
United States 5-20’s 1862.109}
United States 5-20’s 1864.109|
United States 5-20’s 1865, old. Ill
United States 5-20*8 1865, new.114$
United States 5-20’s 1867. 115$
United States 5-20’s 1868.115$
United States 10-40’s., coupon.109$
Currency 6’s.114$
The following were the closing quotations of
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co.. 68$
Pacific Mail.’ 52$
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated.... 941
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated sep 89}
Erie. 31$
Erie preferred. 63
Harlem.117
Harlem preferred.122
Reading.111$
Michigan Central ex-div.113$
Lake Shore Michigan Southern. 52}
Illinois Central.132
Chicago North Western. 65}
Chicago Northwestern preferred. 89}
Chicago Rock Island.106}
Milwaukie St. Paul. 53}
Milwaukie St. Paul preferred. 78$
Pittsburg Fort Wayne. 95$
Boston Bank Statement:
Boston, Dec. 27.—Statement of Boston National
Banks as returned to the Clearing House Tuesday
Dec. 26th:
Capital.$ 48,050,000
Loaps. 115,091,188
Increase. 613,705
Specie. 3,166,563
Increase. 1,149,270
Legal Tenders. 9,869,793
Decrease. 497,469
imi- uuiu oiuer uanKS. io,izi:,opo
Decrease. 1,250,116
Due to other Banks. 17,996,822
Decrease.. 1.034,834
Deposits. 45,176,762
Decrease. 68,757
Circulation. 25,697,956
Increase. 35,925
Brighton, Watertown and Medford Cattle
Markets.
(Special Dispatch by International Line.)
Boston, Dec. 27.—At market this week:—1447 Cat
tle, £529 Slieep and Lambs, 9100 Swine; last week
2566 Cattle, 8777 Sheep and Lambs, 9,800 Swine; from
Maine 227 Cattle, 200 Sheep and Lambs.
Prices.—Beeves—extra quality 6 25 6 75; first
quality 5 75 6 00; second quality 5 25 5 50; third
quality 4 50 £>5 00 poorest grades of coarse oxen,
bulls, &c., 3 25 @4 25.
Brighton Hides 9c; Brighton Tallow 6^ 64c; Coun
try Hides 8$c; do Tallow 5 54c tt>; Sheen and
Lamb Skins l 50 2 00 skin Calf Skins 16 18c.
Working Oxen—Extra $200 (o> $250; ordinary $14(
£$190; coarse oxen and pairs of 2 and 3 year old
steers $35 to $100 pair.
Store Cattle—We quote:—Yearlings $7 to $12; twc
year olds $13 to $28; three year olds $25 to $45
poorer grades at $17 to $30 head.
Many of the small Cattle that are in a fair conditio®
are gold for beef.
Milch Cows—Mo»t of the cows brought into markel
are of an ordinary grade, but a few fancy breedi
among; prices range from $18 to $90 head; store
cowa $IG to $55 head.
f Slieep and Lambs—Extra and select weights $3 5t
$7 50; ordinary $1 75 $3 25, or from 4 to 8$c *3
Trade dull.
Swine—Store Hogs none at market. Pat Hogs 5 (S
5ic lb.
l ^ukry—Extra \4 15c; medium 13$ 14$c; pool
Droves from Maine—O Hodges 14 cattle, Wells A
Richardson 15, Bailey Knowles 18, Davis Max
field 35, M W Norton 23, S W Lenuard 7, C O Marti®
6, Harlow Mclntire 19, N B Cleaves 2, J L Pres
cott 27, L B Worthley 22, J H Marrow 19, Libby A
Thompson 17 cattle anti 100 sheep and lambs, W 11
Leavitt 100 sheep, G S Foss 3 cattle.
Remarks—The demand this week for Cattle of all
grades lias been very dull, although the supply from
all sections was light, still there were more in market
than the demand required. There were hut a few
beef cattle among those from Maine and not much
call for either working oxen or milch cows; a few of
the very extra Cattle were sold at prices ranging from
7 to 8c P lb, live weight. Western Cattle cost higher
at Albany, but we don’t think that the prices ob
tained we any better than of last week.
We quote sales of Maine Cattle—By Libby
Thompson sold 0 3-ye ir old steers at 6|c p lb, dressod
weight, 2 springers for *31 p head; 2 at *22 50 each;
I cow and calf for *10; 1 pair, 6 feet 8 Inches, for 105;
I pair, 6 feet 7 inches, for *00; 100 sheep, or net 88 tbs,
at 6c p lb. Davis Maxlield sold 1 pair, girth 6 feet
II Inches, for *0; 4 2-year old heifers for *25 each; 1
at *28; 4 3-year old steers at $30 p head. A Hodges
sold 1 cow and calf at *40; 1 milch cow at *38. Bai
iSP.GV? sold 2 pair, girth 6 feet 8 inches at
Norton (ilV?*(.l’air: 2 tee' ca,t'e ttt *>l». MW
oId he?fe^M*o!!ri','gur“at,5:)al“1 33 eachi 12-year
Mir2 v«s?toi*f0;.lJ,:llr 3-year old steers at *55; 1
Kr- ,45;
at *35 and *5
at *35; 1 pair
*50. J L r
I cattle
steers, girth 6 feet 3 inches, 1'pa'i" ffithT tZ
and 2 5-year olds at $140; 1 pair, girth 6 feet 6 inches
at $70; 1 pair, girth 6 feet 6 inchS, at $75
The Wool market.
(Special Dispatch by International Line.)
Boston, Dec. 27.—[Reported tor the Press.] The fol
lowing is a list of prices quoted this afternoon:
Domestic—Ohio and Pennsylvania pick-lock 70 to
75; do choice XX 67 70c; do line X 65 (to 70c; me
dium 70 (to; 72c: coarse 62 (to 67c; Michigan extra and
XX 66 to 70c; tine 65 (to 68c; medium 68 to 70c; com
mon 60 ito 65c; other Western line and X 63 (g> 66c;
medium 66 68c, common 60 to 65c; pulled extra
60 80c; superfine 60 (to 80c; No 1 40 to) 60c; coml>
ing fleece 70 to 74c; California 35 55c; Texas 30
(to; 47Jc; Canada combing 74 (a> 76c; Smyrna wash
ed 28 40c; do uuwashed 18 to 30c; Buenos Ayres 32
45c; Cape Good Hoj>e 39 to 45c; Mestiza pulled 55
(to 85c.
Remarks—The excitement In the Wool market has
not subsided in the least; price of all grades and
aualities continue to be maintained, and there is very
ttle XXX, medium and detain fleeces now to be liad
under 70c ib; the finer grades of wool are a so at
tracting considerable attention on account of the
•mall stock for the season and the fact that buyers in
Australia have not as yet been able to secure any
considerable supplies.
The New York market since our last lias been very
active and on the fine and medium grades of fleece a
farther advance has been established. There are
now very few desirable parcels of fleece obtainable
under 70c. and that the close prices still hold an up
ward tendency. There has been an improved demand
for foreign and with a moderate supply prices are
very firm. r
Booton Boot and Mhor Market.
Boston, Dec. 26.—The sliipments of Boots anil
Shoes from this market to places outside of New
England for the past week comprise 8,372 cases
against 9,484 for the same week hist year.
The total shipments from this market since Jau. 1
have l»een 1,232,301 cases, against 1,148,572 cases foiw
the same week last year.
The shipment* from Lynn for the week have been
1,017 cases, ag hast 1254 crises for the same week last
year.
The shipments ft- m Haverhill for the week com
prise 689 cases, agai.i- 501 cases for the same week
last year.
The number of buyers in the market is daily in
creasing, and many of the largest houses are now rep
resented here by their buyers. The sales thus far
seem to have been mostly confined to such staple
goods as every dealer is obliged to keep, and which
are not likely to vary much in price, but the buik of
the floods have not been bought, and buyers are still
looking over the market and wailing for the right mo
ment to take hold. We learn that the orders which
have already been placed were taken at about the
rates current a year ago, and with labor and stock
fully as dear as they were then, there is but little
proliability that on women’s work there will be any
decline in price.
Domestic markets.
New' York,Dec. 27—Evening.—Cotton more activa
with $c decline; sales 2427 bales; Middling uplands
at 20$c. Flour—sales 5500 bbls, and rather more
steady; State 5 50 7 00; round hoop Ohio 6 35 -m
7 30; Western 5 50 7 15; Southern 6 50 9 25.—
Wheat steady and a little more doing, chiefly for
milling; No 2 Spring 1 47 1 50; Winter Ked Wes
tern 1 56 1 59; White Michigan 1 60 1 72. Corn
more active and a shade firmer; sales 86,000 bush;
new Mixed Western 76 78c. Oats dull at 51 56c
sales 18.000 bush. Beef quiet. Pork quiet and
steady ;new mess 14 50 15 00; old do 13 00. Lard
steady at 8} 9$c. Butter steady. Whiskey dull
had lower; Western free95@95}c. Rice steady at
8f 8}c. Sugar dull; Muscovado 9 94c; refining 9
Coffee steady; Rio 19 20$c. Molasses dull;
New Orleans 45 55c. Naval Stores—Spirits Tur
pentine quiet at G7 67$c. Rosin dull; sales at 5 00
for strained. Petroleum dull; crude 134 13}c; re
fined 23c. Tallow steady at 8} 9$c.
Wool quiet and firm; pulled 60 64$c.
Freights to Liverpool very dull and heavy.
Chicago, Dec. 27.—Flour flat. Wheat dull and
a shade lower; No 1 Spring at 121; No 2 do 118;
Np 3do at 1 07 1 08}. Corn active; No 2 Mixed at
40$c; rejected 37$ 37 jc. Oats in fair demand and
lower; No 2 at 31}; rejected 28 28}c. Rye steady;
No 2 at 62} 63c. Barley quiet and weak; No 3
Spring 45$ 48c; rejected 40 414. Pork active at
13 05. Lard firm at 8}. Hams in pickle, Green and
Bulk Meats unchanged. Live Hogs dull and unset
tled at 4 05 4 25; dressed active at 4 75 @4 85.—
Whiskey nominal.
Receipts—6,000 bbls flour, 18,000 bush wheat, 144,
000 bush corn. 32,000 bush oats, 5,000 bush rye, 13,000
bush barley, 8,000 hogs.
Shipments—1,000 bbls flour, 0,000 bush wheat, 1,000
bush corn, 6,000 bush oats, 2,000 bush rye, 2,000
bush barley, 2000 hogs.
Cincinnati, Dec. 27.—Pork dull and unchanged
at 13 25 asked. Lard firm and in light demand; 9c
asked4 Bulk meats nominal; 5c for shoulders; 5}
6$c for sides. Bacon firm and in light demand;
shoulders 6}c; clear sides 7$c; clear nb sides 7}.—
Hams 12$ 13$c. Live Hogs In fair demand and ad
vanced at 4 30 4 59; receipts 1000 head. Whiskey
steady at 91c. Green meat3 tinner; 4$ for shoulders;
5$c for sides.- Hams 7$ 8$c.
The light receipts of liogs here and at Chicago
strengthens the views of holders, but there is no de
mand for the product worth mentioning.
St. Louis, Dec. 27.—Flour unchanged. Wheat
inactive; Spring dull and lower; No 2 at 1 25. Corn
dull; Mixed on track 35$c. Pork nominal at 13 00.—
Dry salted meats in very light demaud; clear rib
sides 5}c. Bacou unchanged; shoulders 7$c; clear
rib sides 7|c; clear sides 7$c..
Toledo, Dec. 27.—The markets are unchanged.
Milwaukee. Dec. 27.—Flour unchanged. Wheat
steady; No 1 nit 21; No 2 at 1 1B|. Oats in fair
demand and firi.. N’o 2 at 324c. Corn in fair
mantl and lower; .n I Mixed at 40c. Rye firm; No 1
at 64c. Barley dub and declining; No 2 fall at 61c.
Receipts—2,000 bbis hour, 10,000 bush wheat.
No Shipments
Charleston, Doc. 27—.Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 19c.
Savannah, Dec. 27.—Cotton steady; Middling up
lands 19c.
Mobile, Dec. 27.—Cotton quiet and weak; Mid
dling uplands 18 }c.
New Orleans, Doc.27.—Cotton steady; Middling
uplands 19fc.
European Market*.
London, Dec. 27—11.30 A. M.—Consols at 92} for
money and account.
American Securities—U. S. 5-20’s 1862,924; do 1865,
old, 93 J; do 1867, 93*; U. S. 10-40’s, 91}.
Paris, Dec. 27.—Rentes 55f 32c.
Liverpool, Dec. 27—10.30 A. M.—Cotton opened
quiet; Middling uplands 91 lOd; do Orleans loki;
sales 10.000 bales.
London, Dec. 27—3 P. M.—Consols closed at 92}
for money and account.
Paris, Dec. 27—3 P. M.—Rentes closed at 55f. 30c.
London, Dec. 27—4.30 P. M.—Consols closed at 92}
for money and account.
American Securities—U. S. 5-20’s 1862. 92}; do 1865,
old, 934; do 1867, 93|; do 10-40’s, 91}.
Liverpool, Dec. 27.—Cotton closed quiet; Mid
dling uplands 9} lOd; do Orleans 10}d; sales 10,000
bales.
London, Doc. 27—5.00 P. M.—Consols closed at 92}
for money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20. 1862, 92; do 1865,
old, 934; do 1867, 934; U. S. 10-40’s 91 J.
Frankfort, Dec. 27.—United States 5-20’s, 1862,
96}.
Antwerp, Dec. 27—5 P. M.—Petroleum 48f.
Portland Daily Press Stock List.
US For the week ending Dec. 27, 1871.
Corrected by W. E. Wood, Broker, 67 Exchange St.
Descriptions. Par Value. Offered. Asked.
Gold,.108}. ...109
Government 6’s, 1881,.117-1174
Government 5-20’s, 1862,.109 1094
Government 5-20’s, 1864.109 109$
Government 5-20’s, 1865.1104.... Ill
Government 5-20’s, July, 1865,.%1134-114
Government 5-20’s, July, 1867,.115 115$
Government 5-20’s, July, 1868,.115 115*
Government 10-40’s.109 109$
State of Maine Bonds.100_100*
Portland City Bonds, Municipal,. 96- 97
Portland City, aid of R. R.,. 96_96
Bath City Bonds,. 90_ 91
Bantror City Bonds, 20 years,. 91 92
Calais City Bonds,. 92_94
Cumberland National Bank,_ 40. 59 60
Canal National Bank,.100.129 130
First National Bank,;.100.129 130
Casco National Bank.100.129 130
Merchants* National Bank,. 75. 93 95
National Traders’ Bank,.100.129 .130
Second National Bank,.100.114-115
Portland Company,.100. 55 60
Portland Gas Company,. 50. 60 62
Ocean Insurance Company,_100. 95 100
Atlantic St. Lawrence R. R.,.50_55
A. K. R. li. Bonds,. 88_90
Maine Central It. It. Stock,_100. 32 35
Maine Central It. R. Bonds, 7’s,.98_100
Leeds F’rin’gton R. It. Bonds,100. 88 90
Portland Ken. R. It. Bonds,. 100. 88 90
Portland Ogdensburg It.R. Bonds, gold, 88_ 90
Portland Rochester It. R. Bonds, 7*s,... 93*_94*
Portland Rochester It. It. Stock,. 30_3R
Portland Forest Av. It. It.,. .100. 50 _55|
Boston Stock List.
[Sales at the Broker’s Board, Dec. 27.]
Maine State Sixes 100}
Union Pacific Land Grants 7s. 78
Vermont Central 1st Mortgage 7s. 83
United States 5-20s, 1867,. Ill
Eastern Railroad. 1044
[Sales at Auction.]
York Manufacturing Company. 1630
Bates Manufacturing Company. 109
Peppered Manufacturing Coj. 690
Michigan Central Railroad. 1144
Portland City Sixes, 1886. 97$
Androscoggin Mills. 126
New Hampshire State Sixes, 1874 100
Bath City Sixes, 1891. 934
B ONUS
Portland Municipal,. C’a
Portland aid R. R.,. G’a
■tale of Maine,... G*a
St Louia,. G*a
Rockland aid R. R.,. G’a
European I*. A. R. R., Gold,. G’a
Portland Ogdciiwburg R. R. Gold,.. G’a
Portland dr Rochester R. R.,. 7’a
Chicago,.,. 7’a
Toledo,. S’ a
FOR SALE BY
SWAN BARRETT,
Hankers and Brokers.
lOO MIDDLE STREET.
oc23sn mwf _
S L I F R ETS
Slippers for Men.
Slippers fox* Women.
Slippers fox’ iBoys.
Slippers fox* Misses.
Slippex’s for Children.
SLIPPERS
OB’ ALL KINDS -A-IVD SIZES.
AT 132 MIDDLE STREET.
dc!3-eod3w ig Bt. PAL.HKK.
ENTE KT a INM ENTS.
PALESTINE^
A Descriptive Lecture
ON THE LANDS OF THE BIBLE,
Illustrated with a series of
MAMMOTH PAINTINGS
Showing City, Mountain, and Lake, Scenery in local
ities made familiar by the Life and Teachings of our
Saviour, will be given at
CASCO STREET CHl'RCH,
This (Thursday) Evening,
Commencing at 7 1-2 o’clock.
Admission for adults 25 cents. Children from tho
various Sabbath Schools, free.
Mr. Harwood Is well acquainted with his subject
and with tho aid of his Illustrations makes his lecture
exceedingly interesting. dec28-dlt
FOURTH GRAND ASSEMBLY
BY THE
West End Boat Club
—AT—
LANCASTER HALL,
THURSDAY KVE.T'G, Dee. 2tlih.
COMMITTEE OP ARRANGEMENT:
John Gohua^RTY’ James Mahoney,
Knw*. o»Rg.A.N.’. Thomas Bali,
Edward Llahan, John Shannon.
MUSIC Chandler’s f,-Ll quadrille Banb.
Clothing checked free. dc21eodlw
THEATRE. MUSIC HALlT
Managers.Bidwell St Wilkinson
RETURN FOR ONE WEEK
The Portland Favorite
DOLLIE BIDWELL I
In connection with
The Old Reliable Troupe
MONDAY, JANUARY 1st, 1*79.
Will be presented the highly successful and romantic
play, depicting the Human Piuudmm, the
PRETTY PANTHER
La Varanoin.DoMe Bidwell.
Strut tin,.,i,.Wallace Britton.
Reserved Scats 75 cts; Parquet 50 cts; Gallery 35 ct»
Doors open at 7, commence at 7 3-t. Seats secured
during the day at the Boa Office. dc28td
M. L. A.
SUPPLEMENTARY COURSE,
COMMENCING
Wednesday Evening, January 3d.
WITH A LECTURE BY
MRS. CELIA BURLEIGH.
Subject: “Houses and Homes.”
TO BE FOLLOWED BY
Miaa KATE STANTON,
Mrs. VICTORIA C. WOODH1TLL.
Mies KATE REIGNOI.DI,
Mrs. EMILY STRAW FOREMAN.
ry Concert by the Portland Band before each
entertainment.
Tickets to the Course, including Beecher's lecture,
Jattuary 10th, $1 25. Evening tickets, 50 ct^sts.
Patrous of the Regular Course by exchanging Ticket
No. 8 at Stockbri Ige’s, 156, Exchange street, Hawes
Cragin’s, 76 Middle street, or Daniel Wentworth’s,
337 Congress street, before December 25th, can ob
tain tickets to the Supplementary Course with Cou
pon tickets to Beecher's lecture for 73 cents. The
gallery seats will be reserved for the Course at 50
cents each (not including Beecher’s lecture). The
sale of reserved seats will commence at nine o'clock
Saturday morning, Dec. 23d, at Stockbridge’s Music
Store._ _ dec 15-t jau 4
CITYJIALL.
Signorina Egeria Antonini.
THE WOMHKCIL
CHILD VIOLINIST,
TEN \EAKS OLD!
Who has achieved an overwhelming success
wherever she has appeared, since her memorable
debut in Boston, at the Iremout Tempi*, on Sep
tember 19th, and her second appearance at the
Music Hail, Boston, to an audience of 3000 persons.
Will make her second an t last appearance in Port
land, in
A GRAND CONCERT
Friday Evening, Jan, 5,
In her performance the showed a musical caste
and judgment, together with a knowledge of the
Violin, and a tirmness as well as delicacy of touch
really wonderful in a child of her age.”
Boston Advertiser.
*3-MISS ANTONINI will be assisted by the fol
lowing talent:
Mile. JENNIE HOWORTII, Soprano,
MR. ARTHUR T. HILLS, Tenor,
r. u. ornautE,, nunione ana tiurooriHi,
MU. EUGENE F. JOHNSON, Pianist,
ADMISSION, 60 CENTS,
to all paits of the house. And that the children
may have a avornble opportunity to hear this won
derful little lady, the tickets will be placed at
25 CU. for those under 15 years of ngs
For sale at the Music Stores and at the doo..
Doors open at 7. To commence at 7.43.
JOS, ItlAtwCil, Manager.
dc27 e od
AUCTION SALES.
Fancy Goods, Ac., at Auction.
ON Friday, Dec. 29th, at ten a. m, at Salesroom IS
Exchange st, we shall sell a consignment of Fan
cy Goods, consisting in part of Work Boxes and Toi
let Cases, Perfumeries, Cuspados, Hanging Flower
Baskets. Oil Paintings (without frames) Chrotnos,
Ac., together with a variety of Fancy Ware.
Sale positive. r
F. 0. BAILEY A Co., Auctioneers.
dec27-td
Genteel Furniture, Ac., at Auction.
ON THURSDAY, January 4th, at ten o’clock a u.
we shall sell at house Ni 371 Confess st., an tin*
Furniture in said liouse.consiating in part of Lounges,
Easy Chairs, Centre Tables, Mirrors, with mar bit*
slab, Brussells Carpets, Painted Set nod other Cham
ber Furniture, Ingrain Carpets, Extension Tutfe,
Dining Room Chairs. Curtains, Crockery snd Glam
Ware, Full French China Tea Service, Hat Tree Re
frigerator, two Parlor C(*al Stoves, Magee Cook Stove,
together with Kitchen Furniture, and about four tone
coal; also the Gas Fixtures throughout the house.
The most of this Furniture Is new and in prime or
der.
dec27td F. 0. BAILEY A CO., Aucta.
House and Lot at Auction.
ON Friday, December 29, at 12 o'clock M, we ihal
sell at public autlon the House and Land known
as the Benj. F. Whitehoose property, near Fmuss’
Island, Cape Elizabeth, in District No. 12» The house
is new, two-story and furnished throughout in shmI
order. Lot 54x100. Said proi»erty can be examined
at any time by calling on 0. Cole, near the property.
Terms easy and made known at sale.
F. O. BAILEY Sc CO., Asctisassn.
Dec 23-td
In Bankruptcy. Assignees’ Sale.
ON Saturday, Dec, 30th, at 11 o'clock a. m., at the
office of F, O. BAILEY A CO., 18 Exchange st.,
we shall sell about three *cre» of land at Back Cove,
Deering; Wooden store on Oak st; House and lot en
Stroudwater road, Deering; House and lot in Stroud
water, Deering; Three story Brick Dwelling House,
with modern improvements, on Green St*. Portland;
One-half of about seven acres of land iu Back Cove,
Deering; Lot of land on Washington St., Portland;
Lot of land with buildings on Smith St; About seven
ty acres of land in Cape Elizabeth: House and lot
corner of Salem and Brackett sts., Portland: Lot and
Buildings on Anderson st, Portland; One-half of lot
of land and buildings on Green st: l^and and Build
ing on Cove st; A lot of land on Munjoy’e Neck; A
House and lot in Cape Elizabeth; One-seventh of
nineteen lots of land in Wisconsin; One-seventh of
about 3500 acres of land in New Hampshire; A tract
of land in Raymond, Me.
For further particulars and terms of, see Portland
Daily Advertiser oi Dec 8th, 15th, 22d, or apply fbr
priuted slips containing full descriptions, to assignees
C. P. MATTOCKS,
G. F. EMERY,
Assb^nces of M. M. Woodman A Clement Littlejohn,
individually and as co-partners under the style of
“WOODMAN A LITTLEJOHN.”
GEO. F. EMERY,
Assignee in Bankruptcy of Jabez C. Woodman.
F. O. BAILEY A CO., Auctioneers.
dc28 td
LARGE AND IMPORTANT SALE OF
Real Estate Machinery,Water Power Ac
—OF THE—
Oriental Powder Co.
PURSUANT te a vote of the Stockholders of the
Oriental Powder Company, will be sold at PUB
I IP ITi’TIOV *1... i I '__ r
Mouth Wiudhum, ifluiue, on Thursday, Jan.
11th, 1872, at 10 o’clork A. M., all the Real Eat at o.
Machinery and other proi>erty belonging to said Com
pany, consisting in part of about SOU acre* of valua
ble Timber, Pasture and Crass Lands, situated in
the towns south of Windham and Gorham, Maine,
(about 12 miles from Portland.) two sets of works for
the manufacture of gunpowder. Superintendent’s
house, boarding houses for workmen, storehouses,
magazines, barns, wood-sheds, Ac.; also an exten
sive and never-failing water-power, with dams, ca
nals, Ac., all in good order, and c*i>able of running
a large number of mills, which alone should com
mand the attention of capitalists anil others contem
plating investing in manufactures. Also will be sold
all the Coiuitauy's Trade marks, its Magazines
throughout the country, together with a large lot of
personal property, consisting of materials, farming
tools, wagons, sleighs, sleds, horses, carriages, har
nesses, oxen, Ac., a schedule of which may be seen
at the office of the Company. No. 13 Broad Street,
Boston, Mass., and No. 17 Exchange street, Portland,
Maine.
The Portland and Ogdeusburg Railroad, running
directly through the premises, affords excellent facil:«
tief for the shipment of merchandk- to and from the
Works. _
The above property will be sold for Cash, and a de
posit of ten (10) per cent, of the purchase money will
be required from the buyer at the time of sale, and
balance upon delivery of the deeds.
Cars have Portland, via Portland, aud Ogdens
burg Railroad, at 7.40 A. M.
Further particulars cau be obtained at the office of
the Company,
No 13, Broad Mtreet, Boston, .Hmm.
ARTIUKt WlLLIANi,
dec 28-eodtjanl then edts Treasurer,
11. K. HUNT,
Commission Merchant and Anctioneer
NO 316 Congress St., will sell every evening a large
assortment of Staple and Fancy Goods.
Goods will be sold during the day in lota to nA
Surchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on all
escription of goods. Consignments not limited.
February 11, 1868. dtf
A Card.
IfIRM. DAM has added to her floe stock of La
dies' Hair Work, a very choice asoortment of
genuine
Perfumery and I.udleo’ T.ilet Article..
Latest New York Styles Ladles' Hair Work, Cun
ir
UOU*-W““