V
ptibMpiur)icjistcr.
tui:siay, ocToiTnii n, itm.
AvtTnl Ciiliuiilt y t
Wo devoto a largo space ol our papcr
(o Ihc dotails ol otio ol' tho most awl'ul
and oxtcnsivc ftres tliat cvor visitcd any
city. Cbioago with all hcr thrift and cn
torprise, ia prostratod and laid in nsbcs.
Mauy busiucss iiion tliat closcd tlicir
places or trado 011 Saturday niglit in ap
parcnt Bafety, camo to rcalizo bcforo tho
closo of nnothcr day, that all thoir hopcs
ot' prospority and afilucnoo had bccn
dashed to tho ground and lost forover.
The sufToring from hungcr, cold and
exposuro is lntcnsc. l'rovisions and
olothing and other ueccssarios of lifo, aro
bcing ecnt from all thc cities and vlllagcs
in this country, until tbo storchouscs in
Chicago nro fillcd to ovcrflowing, and in
a fow hours tho eufTcrcrs will bo hclpcd
iind niado corafortablo in thoir dccp
finaneial distrces.
Uhto r.loetlon.
Statc Majority 20,000.
Columdcs, Oct. 11, llcturns i'rom
16 oounties show a Hcpublican majority
of 18,700, Tbo Hcpublican gain on tho
Stato tiokct is 5,507. Tho majority in
tho stato will be ovcr 20,000.
Tho Kcpublicans claim 15 or 20 ma
jority on joint ballot in tho Lcgislaturo.
Thns tho bright hopcs of tho Dcmocrncy
arc dashcd to picoos
l'cniisyluiniu Klcctiou,
litest rcturns l'hiladclphia rcdccmuil
The roturns como in slowly but socm
suro for tho Kcpublicans. Tho ltepub
lican majority ou tho stato tickct is csti
raated to bo i'rom 11,000 to 12,000 for
tho Uopublican candidatc for mayor, thc
othor city candidatos aro clcctcd by a
majority of from 5 to 7 thousaud.
Tho rcdcmption of l'hiladclphia is im
portant in all roepccts. It givcs now
wen on tho Policc, in placo of thoso who
havo hcretoforo bocn simply an Irish
mob, controlled by tho worst influenccs.
Wo havo tho Lcgislaturo in joint bal
lot, havibg gaincd so far, at lcabt iivo
mombors of tho houso with tho prospcct
of socuring tho ono scnitor. This will
givo tho Kcpublicans, powcr to control
tho noxt.congrcssional appointmcnts. It
is estiniated that tho stato has gonc Kc
publioan by about 18,000 majority.
In an Elcction riot, in l'hiladclphia, a
Kepublicau colored ruan by tho namo of
Catto was killcd, and 17 I'oliccmcn havo
been arrested as acccssory to thc inurdcr,
and for obstructing thc polls.
tJrent l'irc In Micliigiin.
Dktuoit, 5lich., Oct. 11.
1'ho news from St. Clair and Huron
eounties, of this datc, U of tho most dis
eouraging charactcr. All of that portion
of the Stato east of Saginaw 15ay and
north of a point forty milcs abovo Port
Huron, has bccn complctcly Bwcpt by a
firo. A numbcr of pcrsons have perishcd,
and it is fcarcd that wo have not hcard
tho worst. The villagcs of Forestvillc,
White Rock, Klm Crcek, Sand lloach,
and Huron City arc cntircly dcstroycd.
Rock Falls and Port Hopc aro partially
destroycd.
Ilrichnm Vouni; in Cnnil.
Jsalt Lake Citv, Oct. 10 llrigham
I'oung, accompanied by a nurabor of
elders, appcarcd at court this aftcrnoon,
and was held to bail in $5,000 to answcr.
Ho passed through the crowd from his
carriago up stairs to thc court-room alonc
many hata werc rcmovcd and othcr cx
pressions ofrcspect shown, but thcrc wcrc
nn fihnnffi nr nnictr flpmnncf rntlnna Tliq
appearanco bcforo .Tudgo McKcan was
quiet and dignificd, but ho soemcd cvi-
dently very tcoble. Thc officcrs of the
ourt showcd him all kindness, providing
hiui with a largo casy chair and kccping
tho crowd at a Uistancc.
Brigham'a counsel first put in a pleu
of abatcment, which was ovcrrulcd. Thc
uoit movcmcnt was to (luath thc iudict-
ment, on tho ground of thc indictmcDt
cnumcrating 10 tepcrato chargcs, allcging I
that ho lasciviously cohabitcd with 10 1
differcnt women. During tho argument
on this qucstion, Urigham rotircd. Ucmp-,
stcad, for thc dut'cnsc, will contiuuc
fpeucing to thismotion tomorrow. Kvery-!
thing is quict to-nigbt, although multi-,
tudcs of cxciting rutnori) aro in circulation
of wbat may happen. In tho cvcut of
conviction, thcro may be troublc it will j
scarcaly be othcrwise.
The annual mccting of tho Mormon I
Legion took placc in tho Tabornaclc last 1
evening. Thc proccodiogs wcrc not inado 1
public. Tho Ooufcrcncc adjourncd last j
nlght until tho 3d ofApril ucxt. Urig-'
ham Young was agaiu elccted first l'rcs-1
ident.
Salt Lake City, L'tah, Oct. 11. Thc j
counsel of lirighani Young continucd
their argument, to-day, to quash tho in-
dictmcnt, cr to compcl tho prosccution to
select one of tho 1G counts upon which to
try tho casc. Jlr. Fitch, for tho defcnsc,
concluded his argument this evening, and
to-morrow tho Court will givo a decieiou.
The principnl attorncys in tho caso aro
Bush and Norwell for tho prosecution,
and Hempstead and Fitch for tho defcnsc.
The Hawkins adultery caso U ncxt on tho
doeket.
Cliicatro Itcms,
Tho burned district mcasures about
nine syuare miks.
The dcstrnction of tho water workn was
complete.
It is rumorcd that -11 ruffiaus wcro
bhot during Tucsday night. The station
houscs aro also fillcd with prisoncrs,
All thc packing houscs in Chicago and
many of tho clcrators rcmain uninjurcd,
and these two branchcs of Cliicago's bcst
property will bo but slightly interrnpted.
Lvery flour mill in Chicago js burnt
with tho oxccption of tho Oriental, owncd
by Norton Ilro., and tho Star and Crcs
cent, ownod by Chester, Brigg Ilcr
mans. Thcse milla aro situated on tho
river bank, west side, and have a capaci
ty of clovcn hundrcd barrcls pcr day.
Tho saving of these two milla will bo a
grcat relief to tho famished inhabitants.
Hon. Gideon- Wkllks will conlributo
the next of tho Galaxy series of political
articlcs. His papcr will appear in tho
Novcmber numbcr of that dlacazino. It
will be a detailcd history oi tbo capturo
of New Orleans, with tho purposo of
showing that to Farragut, and not to
Butler, is duo tho honor of tho capturo
of New Orloans. Mr. Wellca also iuci
dentally attacks tho prctensions of othcr
railitary and naval commanderf.
Ex-Confedorato Gcn. Boaurcgard, re
oently vislted Chicago. Ho converbod
about railroads, and prospcots and ro
fonroes o! tno South, &o., but prcservcd
a itadiod reticcnco upon all political ques
tioos. Ho thinks Ex-Confcderato lcad
ers do not reprcecnt tho prcsent sonti
ment of tbo peoplo and honco bhould not
mix in politics. Ho ccuaurca Ku-klux-ism
and haa comploto confidenco in thc
mUril regenoration of tho South, and,
like a senrible man, is laboriog to tbat
end, HU) ezample is worthy tho imita
90 Of QouHjYjn mn genrlly.
lilr:i!!i) in -lir.
UM III Xt'lll ll riHU'SANII 1'I.IISllNS M'l'l U,-
ivn volt Atii.
Millinnatn i rrntlcml pciiiiiless in a day
All thc 1'rhicipal Uanlcs, H-holc-sntc
aml rctail Eslablhhmcnts, NcirS'
papcr Uffim, and a scorc of Churchcs
destroycd Many Vcssrls hnrncd
Thc Firc still rayiny.
Chicaoo, OfT. '.I. The most tcrriblo
conllagratioii that cvcr ncvurrcd in tho
Unitcd Statcs has bccn in progrcvs in this
city for ncarly 24 houif, laying tho wholo
busincss portion ol'tlie lity imd one-fifth
of all thc buildings in
The iiro broko out lait cvctiliig bctwccn
0 and 10 o'clock, iu a baru in West
Taylor-st., aml, owing to tho inflainmablc
naturo of its contputi, tho building was
wrappcd in flnmes bcforo the flrcincn
arrivcd. I'rom this insignifioant fcourco
sprang this tcrriblo calamity.
Tho portion of tho city whoro tho firo
originatcd was built up almost cntircly
of wooden buildings, olosoly packcd to
gcthcr, tciiautcd by carpcutcrs, cabinct
makcrs, coopcrs, varnish manufacturcrs,
intcrfpcrtcd with lumbor yards andstoics
of othcr inllammablu niatcrials. Tho
wiud was blowing a tcrriblo galo and tho
devouring clcracnt pprcad 60 rapidly that
all attcmpts to May iti. ravagcs provcd
fruitlcsi.
Tho firc boou icaihed Olark-tt., upon 1 ioucrt Collvcr.
which tbo grcatcr portion of tho iino bus- Thc )carbor;, 1'hcatcr, on Dcarborn
incss blocks wcro situated, all of which aro bt bctwccn Madi90n and ashington-st.,
destroycd. lho Court Hou,c, which wns wag a vory ianj60mo structuro llsed as a
J0 ycars in building. as swept away m Ininstrcl halli iate it hafj bocn occ
30 minutes. I ho felierman llousc, oppo- cJ by 3ianning-3 Minstrcl Troupc.
Hotol, which was oon to be opencd, and
tn l. Uro. i .1, A
indccd, cvcry hotel in tho city is bwal-
lowcd up in tho sca of firc. Whcn tho
firc rcachcd Statc-st., toward tho Lako,
an attcmpt was mado to stay its progrcss
by blowing up tho buildings in tho viein
ity of Ficld, Lcitors k Co's maguiCccut
dry goods cstablithmcnt, but this only
seemod to add to thc fury oftho flamcs.
From Stato-st. tho firo advancod with un-
abatcd iuryto thc .North D'vision, andyitlci pai lbcatcr of ,bo city nnd wa8
scarccly a vcstigo oftho 8,000 buildings vi9itod b th 0 promiDCnt stars of
on that sido of tho rivcr is of t. Taking tho dramatio rrocs3ion. It will probab-
a soutn-castcriy uircction, 1 10 nro swcpt
inrougu iuauison-ave. anu Bionroe-st.,
cxtcnuing a aistanco 01 aoout one muo
atid a quartcr, devouring in its advances 1
Thc J ribune building, Crosby s Opcra-
Houso, Mc ickcrs rheatcr, and hundrcds
oftho fincst busincss houscs 111 tho city. fcot on naDdoipb.B,M and .T10 fcct on
cst of thc Court Houe, cmbrac.ug oiark-st. The llricgs House was like
Lasallc, clls, and South atcr-sts., wise a hal)dsomo bmlding, as alo was the
upon which a very largo portion of tho Mutiopolitan Hotol.
busincss was concentratcd, evcrythiog is
swcpt clcan. Tho .'pace burnt ovcr cov
crs an nrca of moro than Iivo squaro
milcs, while tho value of the property
destroycd is f-imply to be conjccturcd,
somc placing it at $100,000,000, and
others cvcn mnrc than this.
It was about 1 o'clock this morning
whcn tho firc crosscd tho rivcr at Adams
st. bridgo and soon dcstroycd thc gas
works, anu then sprcad ltselt in cvcry ui
rcetion. Moro than onc-half thc popula- l burn all last night on the iorth side,
tion aro now pushing through thc strcets I b"1 morning it is undcr control. It
in vchicles, which arc obtaincd at cnor-! !s Hterally true to say that thcro is noth
mous priccs, on foot, and in cvcry other 1 IDg rcmaining on that sido of tho city,
wav. with thc choiccst household trcas-! from tho vcr North to Lincoln Park,
ures in thcir arms nnd on their backs in
utter confusion. not knnwinr whiilier tn
co. Fearful sufTcrin" must follow, and
almost immcdiately. Full 100,000 pco-!
plc are nt this momcnt homeless and
houselcss, not knowing whero to lay thcir
hcads or gct anything to satisfy the crav
ings of hungcr.
At noon, the wholo busincss portion of
tho citv from Harrison-st. north to Chi-
eam.avo.. nnd east of tho rivor to Lake-
avo, was devastatcd, cmbracing a district
thrce miles in length to a tnilo and a half i
in width. Tho flames swcpt through tho
city with tho rapidity of a prairio fire.j
and many pcrcons inut have perishcd. 1
At this hour (5 p. m.)thu awful work 1
of do'truction Mill gocs on with rclcntlc-s
mrv. rrom iiarrison.st. iu tno boiuii to i
Divi-ion-t. in thc uorth, and from thc
i er to tho lake! a a ea of four m loa
liug byononX wiJe t bo L.n" havo
swcCpt evervthiu" befoic thcm.
Tho I rcc in 1 1 e d LtricU Mill
burned aro l ncd fbr 1
household goods a, havo bccn Zi from
7 e uau uv-" ";u
dcstruction. .Mot generous offcrs of
fii.ii.rntr'i in innnnv inirl nt nnT'lliirif
-y-"'"6
iwiuilu aru i-oimuLr iu uum aiiuusi v erv
.J auu. llu.uouu v touiury
1 i ,1 l i...
tolcgraph. Tho Mayor has rcipondcd to
several ollcrs, nsktog that cookcd lood bo
providcd as soou as possiblc. liremcu
arc ou tncir way ucro irom L,iucinnati,
St. Lou.s, and othcr cities The wator
works arc cntircly dcstroyed. IJuild.ngs
are now bemg blowu up on thc lino of tho
iuu iu aiiciuj.1. iu awwi, u iirugruts.
It is lmpossiblo now to eivo cvcn an i
l p I
approvimatcly correct statement of tho
losscs, but a faint idea may bc formed
whcn it is stated that cvery bank in the
city cxcept two tmall savings inttitutious,
ono on Twenty-sccond.st. in South Divis
ion, and ono on Kar.dolph-st. in West
Division, is dcstroycd. All wholesale
storcs, all rctail establiebmcnts, the Post-
Offico, the Court House, tho Chamber of
Commtrcc, cvery hotcl in South Division
cxccpt Michigan-avo. Hotcl, which stand
ing on tho cxtrcmo sonthcrn limit, cg
capcd, though it is badly scorchcd, cvcry
nowspaper ofDco (Thc Tribunc building
which was supposed to bo firc-proof hav
ing finally succumbcd.) Kvery thcatcr,
the six largcst clovators, tho immcnso
dcpots of thc Michigan Southcrn and of
tho lllinois Ccntral Railroads (both the
passcogcr and frcight dcpots oftho lattcr,)
moro than a scoro of churchcs, and much
of tho shipping in thc rivcr all nro dc
stroycd. Mcn who were millionaries ycstcrday
morning, aro ncarly pcnnilcss to-day but
moro tcrriblo than all in tho awful ccr
tainty that many human bcings havo per
ishcd in tho flamcs how many, no ono
can tcll. Pcrhaps no ono will cvcr bo
ablo to tcll but it is known that somo
havo perishcd, and thcro is only a hcart
sickening fear that tho victims oftho fiery
monstcr may bo countcd by scores.
Ilundreds of horscs and cows havo bccn
burned in Btablcs, and on tho north sido
numbcrs of animals, though rcleascd from
confinemont, wcro so bowildcrod and con
fusod by tho soa of fire which surround
od thcm that thoy rushed wildly to and
fro, uttering cricsbf fright and pa'tn until
scorchcd and killed,
Any attcmpt at a dcscriptiou of the
bccnes of this appalling calamity would
bo idlo. The simplo fact that tho onco
grcat City of Chicago is ncarly destroycd,
tliat nundrcds ot mtllions ot activo cap
ital
hcro havo vanisbed, and that, noarly
tbird of Chicago'a inhabitants, aro
onc
housoless, is cnough. Any attempt to
cmbollish would bo a mockcry. 1
the hdrnep uun.niNGS. 1
I
Tho Uourt-Uouso, oocupyiue tho ccn-
tral snuaro in tho citv. was an imnosinR
odiCco built in 1855 of Lockport limo-
stono. Its towor commandcd a fino view
oftho city and lako
Tho Cbambor of Commercc was situat
ed at tho corncr of Washington and La
Sallo.sts, Whcn completed, in August,
1665, it had eoit 8400,000, It was
I
uum "i v ii in I' lo, in in.- it.iimn
ftylo ul' aii'lnii liui' Ita outfide dlnicii
sious wcro 1 it iii lcngtli by Oii f'ect
iit width, and the bull ol' tho lloard ol
Trado was 148 fcct long, 85 f'ect widc,
and 45 fcct higli,
Tho buildlng of the Youug iMcu's
Ohristian Association on Madisou-st.,
near La Sallc, includcd Farwell Hnll.and
containod povcral storcs, a hotol, counting
rooms, and tlic ofliccs of a cbaritablc as
sociation, to which it bclongcd.
Tho Michigan Southcrn Itnilroad J)c
pot was tho Vandcrbilt Dcpot cxccptcd
tho flncst buildiug on this Contincnt dc
votcd to railway purposes, It was built
of Athens marblo.
Tho Union Dcpot was famous on iic
count of its immonso sizc. It was tho
torminus of sovcral railroads.
Tho Custom-IIouso and Poat-Oflico
building, at Monroo and Dcarbom-flta.,
was a largo and handsomo building ol
Athens marblc, built on tho plan of tho
building!) dovotcd to tho sauio purposo at
Clovoland, Detroit, and Toledo.
Tho Firet and Second 1'ref.bytcrian
Churchcs, on Wabash-ave., wcro among
tiiu ftiiu.b uuiiuiug.', iu iuu uuuuiry uui
cd to religious worship. Thc First, n
Van Uurcn-st., was built in 1853 al
tno tincst builihngs in tho cottntry uevot
near
at a
cost of 8100,000,
Unity Church, at tho corncr or Whit
ncy and North Dcarborn-sts., was fam-
nilu no llin Dnn nf lt.n IKnro nPllin ltnv
Glnrk nnd l SaW sts w, nn nf he
Uark and La balle-s s., was ono of the
I'nrwcit Jiaii, on iMauison, bctwccn
said to bav accomodatcd 4 000 peoplc.
AiKcn s luscum, on Kanuolpn, bc
twccn Clark and Dcarborn-sts., combincd
with itr, halls fillcd with collcctions of
rarities, a prctty littlo thcatcr celobratcd
as tho birthplaco of many of tho wnsa
tional picccs of tho day.
McVickcr's Thcatcr, ou Madison-st.,
bctwccn Stato and Dcarborn-sts., was tho
ly bo rcbuit ou tho modcl of
liooth't
l'i10atcr of this city.
Tho Sherman nous 0110 of the baod.
60mcst and la est hotcl in ,ho Wc,t) wa
built in 18GUi r Atl)en3 maMeM a cos
of 8400.000,. It had a frontagoof 311
as
cost
rtnn .'III
Thc Crosby 0pera n0USP ,bo b(;(uUv
and value of which was bruitcd about
whcn itbecamethochicfpiizeina loltcry
ftood on Washington-st., bctwccn Stato
and Dcarborn-sts. It had a front of 140
fect on Washington-st., and ran back 179
fcct. Tho building was complctcd in
1S55 at a cost of 450,000.
tiii: nnt: FxnsauisiiKU at i.ast,
Chicaoo, Oct. 10. Thc firo continucd
ana lrom the .North iiranch ol thc rivcr
on tho Wct to tho Lako on tho Kast.
Jts portion oftho city, cxccpt along tho
uialn river w"ero there wcre Imsmessi
blocks. wns nMiinied hv dwellinis. Twn-!
thirds of thc ponulation of this district
Thcsol
UUJIHIUU U l UKJIl unv k iviii.iii.h-
themii-i .:i.. i.if i d, i.r;,,
4 U(U niUlll. IIIL-SLIILVU tl IIU
hfiirnr in I'rnmn fiiildlniro nn thn N'nrlh.l.i. i. ,i.. l...
Wnst Rnntinn. nnil nlhers nn hn nr.iirinj
without shcltcr.
j
Vcsterday a rcnewal of tho firo ou tho
wt ld8 was looked lor. and a chango
ol'five degrccs in tho dircctiuii ofthe
at nni' time would havo lcd to that!
rctult. There would then have been no i
refugc for tho sufrcrcrs. All h id their
dothiug packcd ready to start for thej
i'aniu .n u nj uiumtui, uui u u
1 tho w ud ulled, and at Ii o'clock this
morning tho rain, to fervcntly prayed for,
camc. It did not rain long. but tho roofs
of tho houcs and ground havo been wet,
uu-land tho wiud has dicd away, so that now
fires and mnk food
for the multitude.
iNCENMAniu iianuci..
t t i i i t i nn
i ivciiuuurcutoiaicrsarconuuiy. mia
i.rccaiit nu was necessarv lor. rcmarka-1

bi0 afJ ,t mav 0Cm tucrc woro hcnd.s who
K,in sr,r,ilt In nvtonil tho rfiistcr
iwo'
n)CU) caught in the act 0ffiriDg houscs on i
thc -C!st id0t wcrc arrcsted and imme-1
diat2iy llUDg to lamp.posts one ou
TwelvtU bt- ncar tbo rlvori and tho othcr I
threo miles away on Clayborn-avo., North I
Sidt)i Th;3 Bnmmary action has chcckcd
tho tbievcs and murdercrs.
DUSI.NESS HOL'SES KEOI'E.NI.NU.
i icw uusincss uieu, wnu somu uui vu
aro secking houscs for busiucss in tho
West Side. Rooms that ronted last wcck
for $50 now readily command S5.000.
Thcro arc not mauy of these, but cnough
to allow n fctv business mcn to start. The
newspapcrs will bo startcd agaiu in a fow
daya or weeks. Tbo Ilon. Joscph Me
dill of The Tribune, who is ono of the
heaviest sufferers, succcedcd, ycsterday,
in leasing a brick building on Washing
nt., at Tunnel. Ho also purchasod two
singlo cylinder presses used in a job of
fiee on thc West Side, and has telcgraph
cd East for papcr and type, thcro bcing
nothing lcft hcre. Mr. Story of The
Timcs will crect a rough one-story build
ing and begin the issuo of that papcr as
soon as material can bo procurcd. Thc
Journal is provided for on tho West Sido.
Thc Post, Republican, and Staats Y.ei
tung will also arrangc for busincss as
soon as practicablc, but evcrythiog must
como from clsewhcro. Thcro is nothing
lcft.
WtOVIDINO J'OIt TJIK HOMELESS.
Water for drinking and household uso
is sccurcd from tho Lako and tho parks,
and for horscs from tho rivcr. Thoro ara
1,000 peoplo campcd about the artcsian
wcll, four miles out, and perhapsas many
more at tho Lako, and by Fullcrton and
Victor-avcs., near tho prairio. Tho peo
plo aro fcd in the rcmaining churchcs,
school-houscs, in shcds, and by tho road
Bides. It was cold and chilly this morn
ing, causing grcat suffering, but it is now
clcariug up agaiu; but instead of tbis bo
ing wclcome, tho pooplo aro praying car
nestly for moro rain, so fcarful aro thoy
ofa oontinuancc of thc flamcs.
Womcn and ohildrcn aro golng nrouud
tho burned district, vainly seekinc somc-
thiog to satiafy their hungcr. What pro
visions thcro wero in the
burnod or oatcn, aud fcw havo onough to
)a8t tm;n, cven ror a day lrovisions
haT0 nrrivcd from i)etroit, Ciucinnati,
Milwaukoc, and St. Louis, and arc dis-
tributcd as fast as possiblo.
rrM ...rr.!- 1. X .1. 1 i
nu uuucnug vu iuu luam biuu io
hcart-ronding to witncss. Fifly thousand
mcn, women, and childrcn. huddlod
gother liko o many wild animals, and in
othor places 17,000 Oormans and Ineh,
jimyiug iur jcnci utijjiucn uuuuicu
ing lor orcau neari-DroKca narcuis wuui
know not wblch way to turn or what to
By, nnti notning to ao out bwbh tn uis
I'ibulM.M i'f -upi hii ii. imi't
bo a f.lov prowi 4inr', lln-ie nro puits
ot'dhtiii'ts ovcr tthti'h it is almo.-t itnpot-
siblo to travcl pri'KCiit itulccd a harrow
ing hccnc.
niitniN or ntn Hiu;.
DifTerunt rcporls havo bccn givcn of
tho origin ol'tlie tcrriblo calamity, but tbo
following is bclicvcd to bo corrcct Lato
on Sundny ovcuing n boy Wont iuto a sta
ble on Dckoven-st., near the rivor, on tho
West Side, to mill; a rmv, carrying with
him n kcroscno lamp. Tliis was kickcd
ovcr by lho cow, and tho burning (luid
scattcrcd among tho straw. This was tho
bcginiiing of tho grcat firo. A singlo
firo-extinguisher on tho ground, or activo
work by tho polico in tcaring down ono
or two shantics, would havo prcvciitcd
tho nprcading of tho llanics but tho en
gincs wcro waitcd for and whcu thcy ar
rivcd, tho flrcincn, stupefled by thcir cx
crtions at tho firo on Saturday nlght,work
ed slowly and clumsily. Thcir eflbrts
woro unavailing, bowcvcr, as the wind
blow a galo from tho south-west, The
flamcs sprcnd rapidly from houso to houso
and from yard to yard, until tbo district
burned tho nicht bcforo was rcachcd.
I'tcanwniio uio uaiuus nau liiw, uiu
t 1 !i
tho flamcs had cros.scd tho
rivcr north ofTwclfth-st., to tho
Side, and thrcatened tho brick and frtono
bustnoss blocks, railroad frcight dcpots,
and manufacturing cstablishmcnts.
Tho full cxtcnt of dangcr was thcn rc
alizcd for tho first time. Tho wind blow
ing a stiff galo hnd posscssion of tho
flamcs, and tho beautifnl buildingo, Chi
cago's glory lay bcforo thcm. llarrison,
Van Iiurcn, Adams, Jlonroo and Jladt-
fon-sts. wero sooli rcachcd, tho intervcn-
1 "'8 blocks from tho rivcr to Dcarborn-st.
mmmni, Tl,rn.,.nnr-
sumcdasirby magic. Itbcing Sinday
propr.etors and cmploycs wero at honia
u tcrly unconscous of wbat was taUng
placo. Thoso who saw tho l.ght ol th.s
firo supposed it was the rcmain.s of Sat
urday mght s l.re, and, hav.ng conf.dencc
in tho l.ro Dcpartmcnt, wcro uncouccrn-
cd bu bctwccn 11 and 12 o clock a ru
mor got tbroad that thc firo was in tho
busincss portion ol tho city. Thcn tho
peoplo coinmciiccd moviug. Ilorsea wero
brought iuto rcquiition to tako tho pro
printnrs nnd otheis to tho coiiflugratioti.
W.iat n b'.eno met thoir guzo Tho air
wa: fiilfil with livu coals, which wero
hurlcJ U, the noith and east carrying dc
btruction ovcrywhcrc. Tho fire-uuginc-wero
powoiie-s lur saving. All that meu
could do was tj bloiv up buddings, but
this availed little. Thc Timcs, Tribunc,
Post, Hcpublican, Journal, and other
newspnper ofliccs, the Wcstcrn News
Company block, Field (i Lcitcr's cstab
lishmcnt, tho Orako Block (rcccntly
I I, 11 1 -II
nuui), rarwcu N io u.. .u
UM.cs. 1 1 Hoomeii u.av .m rUU,. mm .u
llnmnn tli-liol- n ifll llinn it WfHlt MirPPt V
.ii.uio oum.li j
through, and a very fcw minutes sufliecd
to destrov the most elaboratcly built
structurc. Tho walls mcltcil, aml thc
very bricks wcro consumcd.
Tho woodcn pavcmcnts evcn took firc,
making a continuous shcct of flamo two
milcs long by a milc widc. No humnn
bcing coutd possibly survivcmany min
utes, Block nftcr block foll, and tho
red-hot coal shot hicher and highcr, and
sprcad farthor nnd i'arthcr, until thc north
sido of Lako-st. was a v
ast shcct of llame
from the river to thc lake.
At ono time
so hommed wero tho peoplo that
It WTO
,.i. i f nrld, -n,n i
fihormnn. Frcmont. and othcr hotcls wero
r.i.: n,i ,t-,.
.1.-! l ,'..l.l.., (l..7.,.'. )U.nc r.,r i
i n
muu SllUlllUi:!! ILIJUIIJLI nuui liumv.i iui
their lives. Thoso who coiik
mailo lor
the reiuaining bridgcs, othcr got next tn
the lake shore, and sj south.
AN ISI.A.M) IN A Sl! Ol H.A.M1:.
Ono block in all the vnst Iiumii s-. soc
tion rcmaincd at daylight viz,, Thc
Tribttne block. The Cutom-IInuse aud
Honoio block, in Dearboni-st,, h.ul burn-
'...i.. i,.i ri., ,i,.. (inu 1
'-cro thought at east this block could be
wvcd A patrol ol men undcr Snnu
Mod'U swep oft l.v;- coals and put out
"s the side wa I,, nnd another gang
of men uudcr tho d.ro,.t,on ol the 1 on
Mcd.ll, watehcd the rool A
ai appcarcd safc, and mot ol tho men
WOnt to Mt rct or lbod. A iuim'jer wont
o
to slecp on Thc Tnbnne building, but
r. l,,n nrliiil. Tl,n IbiniM
i.-j u.
reeehed Wahash-ave.. Stato-st.. and
Miehi!?au-ave.. and soon Mc lckcr s 1
Thcatcr caucht lire.
Thc Tribunc buildi
lna lcw momcnts
ing was in flamcs, nnd j
at tho momcl the slceping men wcre
llroused and rcscucd from tho flamcs. lly
0 o'clock in tho forcnoon this rcmaining
block was in ashcs.
snvESTV-nvn tuousanii i'Eopi.i: n.i:r.iN(i
I'onTimn mves.
Now was to bo seen tho inot remark
ab!o 6ight over bchcld in Ih's or any eoun
try. Thcro wero from 50,000 to 75,000
mcn, womcn, and childrcn fleeing by
evtry availablo stiect nud alloy to tho
Southward aud Westward, attemptiog to
savo their clothing and thcir lives, Evcry
availablo vehicle wus brought iuto re
quiaition for u.-e, for which on.rmou
priccs wcro paid. Thousands of pcrsons
inextricably comiuiuglud with horscs and
vehieles, poor peoplo of all colora and
shades, and of evety uationality from
Kuropo, China, aud Africa mad with
excitcment, strugglcd with each othcr to
get away. Many wcro tramplcd under
foot. Mcn and womcn wcro loadcd with
bundlcs, to whoso skirts childrcn wcre
clinging, hnlf-drcssed and barcfooted, all
seoking a placo of safcty. Hours aftcr
ward, thcse peoplo might havo bccn seen
in vacant lots, or on tho strcets far out in
tho suburbs, strctchcd in tho dust. Thcso
aro the homeless and dcstitute, who now
call on tho rich world for food and cloth
ing. Ono oftho most pitiful sights was
that ofa middlo-agcdwoman ou Statc-st.,
loadcd with bundlcs, struggling through
a crowd, singing the Mothcr flooso
mclody,
"Chickcry, Chickcry, Crauy Crow,
I wcnt to tho nell to wash my too
Thcro wcro hundrods ol'othcrHlikcwiio,oiicc. This includes nxtcnsivo houses,
distracted, nud many, mado desperato by 1 such as John Farwell, Field, Leiter
whiskcy or becr, which from cxccss of Co., and Sprague, Warner Co.
thirst and in tho abscnco of water thoy Farwell Co. and Field, Leiter Co.,
drank in grcat riuantitics, sprcad thcm-, saved from 8300,000 to 8500,000 worth
sclves in overy dircction, a tcrror to all of goods. Roth Crms havo alrcady cstab
thcy mot. lished headfpjartcrs on tho West Side.
hvk iifSDKEU uvia i.osr. 1 1'iold, Leiter ,t Co. havo just issucd thc
iv it
It !m r,,arrl tn lliinU of the lnsn of lifo.
It is couiccturcd, and with uood cause,
that ncarly 500 pcrsons haye been burned
to dcath, Four mcn wcro sccu to cntcr
a burning building, aud in a momcnt thoy
wero ovcrwhelmcd by a falliug wall.
Tbero was a crowd of uiou around tho
corncr of a building trying to savo
property, whcn tho wall fell, burying1
somo of thcm beneath it. About twclvo
or
Cftceu inen, womcn, nud childrcn, 1
rUshcd into tho building of tho Historical
to-jSocioty (a fire-proof building) for safcty.
Iu a few minutes the flames burst out, and
thoy woro burned to dcath. Among thoso
wno ioo roiugo in tnis ouuui'jg was tno
vcncrablo uol. ftamuel Stone, bO voars of
Ugo, for a long timo conncotcd with tho I
tiocwty auo, jonn u, urra ana wilo,
and Mdd. pelgniii, Ib notcd tcachcr
oi' tmi.-i. U is fcarcd tliat J)r. I'rcar
aml laniily wcrc nlf-o burned, as thcy
1 wcro iu thc building, and havo not bccn
eceu siiico. Mra. Idsall, wlioso Imsband law, for tho etrccls wcro iiatrollcd all
.1 I--. I. 1 I
was murucrcu last wecK, aml wlin waB
sulTcriug from illncss, was carricd away
for protcction to n buildiug which was
aftcrward coiipumcd, oud it is fcarcd bhe
also pcrijjicd. All tho books and papcrs
of tho Historical Society, including tho
origlnal copy of tho fumous Minancipation
Proclamation of Prcsidcnt Lincoln, for
which tho Society paid 25,000, wcro
destroycd. It is fcarcd that a largo num
bcr of childrcn, inmatcs of tho lloman
Catholio Orphan Society on Stato-st.,
wcro also burned, as many of thcm aro
tnisjing. On Cliicago-avc, a father
rushcd up stairs to carry throo childrcn
awai-, whcn bo was ovcrtaken by tho
llatncs and perishcd with tbcni. Tho
mothcr wns nftcrwnrd scon ou tho strcet
on tho north-wcst side, a raving maniac,
In the same ncigliborhood a family of fivo
pcrsons pciishcd. Tho list of such fa
talitics is very long, and can only be ful
ly vcriDed aflcr tho finoko chnll hnvo
clcarcd away. Thcro aro Imndreds of
lanulies on that siuo wlio savcd no cloth'

Prcsidcnt oftho North-Wcstcrn llailroad
Company.
Thcro is n rumor that in a burned
blacksmith-shop on llush-st., tho bodics
of of 15 men wcro found burned to a
crisp, thcy having rushcd into the
f-bn
to cscapo irom tno liames, wnicli
surroutnlcil tlicm liclero thcy had cliscovl
crcd thcir peril. An immciise numbcr o-
"1", l"'e ra
P.cnco nll,cc 1 :is. )Cpn "tablifhcd, whc.e
ho mising oncs aro
T 1 d d b
,aken tnJa Mation.bouso on 1C lVorth
m A fc
jo fo b j.
nrp1lilll.,,irlll.
,l. -1!....
fc J fc f b
K ,ck
1 ,ho
bcds
nt
ly f.pest, wcrc all cxpos
cd to tho rain of last night, and tho cold
raw wiuus ol to-uay. bovcral ueaths
havo occurrcd nt Lincoln Park, and thrco
womcn have brought childrcn in the world
only to die. Another night must bo
spcnt in Lincoln Park and brick ficlds at
Division-st., nnd yct another and unothor.
All trains aro loaded to their fullcst ca
pacity, taking peoplo away who, iu many
iustauces, havo no placo to go, yct thcy
caunot stay hcre nnd cvcry trnin is
obligcd to lcavo fivo timcs as many
pjssengera as thoy tako away. Kvery
prccautiou has bccn takcn by tho author
itica to guard tho peoplo to-night, and if
tho morning comes without robbcrics and
"iuiumii vui,
murJor ,h a wi ,hank (;oJi nnd
forwJml w;th c)Ura
1
r,-rv Tnr, rli.t.j
Nono but an cye-witncss can form an
idea oftho fury and powcr of the lire
among the buildings and warehouscs on
the south fido, with tho wind blowing a
hurricane. At timcs it secmcd but tho
work ofa momcnt for the firo to cntcr
tho south cnds of buildings, fronting on
Randolph, Lake, and Watcr-sts., and
rcappcar at tho north doors and windows.
bclching forth in ficrco flamcs which often
r,caG'lc,t PP0S" uaimiugs anu inen
nauiun issuiug loriu iroui mu uuuu-
mcs on Dotii suics oi tno strcct, wo iu
nuc, and prcsent a solid mass ot Ure,
epmplctely filling the strect from sido to
side, and shootina upward a hundrcd

'ect into tno air. l lins was
strcct after
n
strcct lilled witli llame. Ilugo
walls
WOIlld topplo and fall into the sea of fire,
tviiiiriiir n iinfiri.n, i v mvinf, cniinn iq inn

j h B
roar oi ine ucrce cienient waa so nrcat
that all minor counds wcre swallowed up,
nnd thc i'all of walls was only prcccpti
ble to the eycs. Many of tho buildings
situated along South Watcr-st., buricd
their red-hot rear walls in the water of
thc rivcr. into which thoy plunged with
a hius. Tho heat was so intonso at timcs
r
"U'"."B?
,hey could not bo approached w.thin 10
feet, wh.ch accouots lor tho manucr in
wh.ch tho firo workcd back and often
ngmnst tho w.ud. Tho fire after reach-
mg ho bus.neM pcrt.on o Randolph and
bou I. atcr-sts., lcapcd tho r.vcr to tho
north sulo in an incrodibly short spaco ol
time. and theueo nmon" tho woodcn bnild-
P
ings on that side, rcachcd th
be lako shore
r.- ,i i. r'
ftcr block of
t ,l-fm,.i,. t,innl- r,
.....w uv.ji.wi.ui, .iivv.n. -it" w.
hannv dwulliuis. A scone of such uttor
nowcrlcssncss in tho l'ace ofan encmv
was never prcncnted than that of this
peoplo tryiug to combat the flames.
SELriSIINESS ASH UEBAUCUE11Y.
Whilo thcro aro many instanccs of
gcncrous dcvotion on thopart of'rich nnd
poor in dividing with thc destituto, thcro
aro painful instanccs of mcanncss and
sclQshncss. Onc ncrsou was trvititr to
rcmovo valuablo papors from an office
nnd askcd two fircmcn to hclp him, but
thoy refused unlcss ho paid thcm 850
tho papers wcro dcstroycd. Drivcrs of
express wagons havo takcn 8100 and
eveii $500 for an hour's uso of thcir
vchicles, in getting distreascd peoplo
away from dauger. Amoug tho saddest
ceues of tho calamity was tho appearanco
of huudrcd.sof mcn aud boys in bcastly
intoxioation, nround tho strcets of tho
North Division, whero tho saloonkecpers'
stock of lirjuors wcrc cmptied into tbo
strect, tlius fiiniishiog a convcniont op
portunity for tho gratifieation of their
sl'tvish propensitics nnd thcro can hard
ly bc any doubt that many of thcso poor
wretches found thcir dcath iu tho flames,
from which they werc tno helplcss to cs
capo. Ono poor man had crowdcd for
rcf'ugo into tho water maih, ncar tho
Watcr Works, but tho fire found him
cvcn there nnd ho was burned to dcathi
TIIE LOSSES.
A careful survoy oftho iusuranccs, to
day, shows that thoro wero polieios on tho
property destroycd amounting to ovcr
8200,000,000 add another 8100,000,
000 to this sum and n fair cstimatc can
bc rcachcd of tho loss. All tho lcading
mcrchants who havo been seen express
thcir dctcrmination to rosumo business at
"'ow,uB
TU Our i'dfro'is Wo hatt) sarcl atl our books
aud papers, aud have opened un ollico at Xo. C0
Culumcl-avo. Wo tnist you fully approciato our
sitnatlon; aud all nho aro indebtoil to ui will I
mako immrdiato payment. Wo shall never ceaso
to thank you lor pat actions. In a ehoit time
wo cipoct tobe rcorganiioil, and ready for busl-,
ncss soon. t icld, LriTtR co..
Thc Evening Journal and Tribunc
hopo to publinh small shccts to-morrow,
At a mcctiug oftho business men, to-
day, a epirit was manifestcd to at oucc
set to work to robuild tho city aud rcstoro
busiucss. A spccial tucctiog oftho Leg
islature is to bo hold to provido ineaus of
aiding tho busincss mcn and provido om-
pioymcui lor tuo poor.
Uuicaoo, Uet. It. Tlio Uro is eom-
plctely eubduod, and haa not eprcad Binco
noon ysstoruay. m me nurnca distrlat,
nboul nitio wjuaro tnilec, cvcrthing is a
mnsH of ruins, through tho bank vaults
t nro bclloved to bo iu good oiilcr
Tho city is practioully uniur martial
night by squads of soldicis ni.il citizcus.
Many thoivos, burglars, and inccndiarics
wcro nrrestcd last night, and thoy woro
gcnerally disposcd of in a sumniary man
ncr. It is rumorcd that 4 1 rulfiaiis wero
shot during tho night. Tho statiou-houscs
aro also fillcd with prisonein. To-day,
wntor was lct into tho pipcs iu tho South
Divisiou, and now all the pnptilatcd pnr
tlons of tho city aro supplicd with it.
A grcat deal ofsufTering has occurrcd
among tho peoplo who wcrc obligcd to
camp out on tho prairio pinee Monday
night. Quito a numbcr of deaths havo
rcsultcd from cxposurc. Ccn. Shoridan
issucd 800 tcnts last evening, and 15,000
niora will bo issucd to-morrow. Imnicnso
quantitios of provisions havo arrived.mauy
car-loads beiug cookcd and ready for dis
tribution. Tho Committco havo telcgraph
cd to sovcral plnccs to stop .scnding moro
at proscnt, Twcnty car-loads of provis
ions and 10,000 blankots camo from
Cincinnati, and 20 cars from St. Louis.
About 500 peoplo cscnpcd on u barge,
which fortunatcly lay iu one of tho slips
in tho rivcr. Thcy floated out and down
to a picr, whenco a stcamcr towcd thcm
out in tho lake, whero thcy rcmaincd un
til yestordny.
Two cight-cylindcr pressc.s of Thc
Chkano Tribunc arc all rlaht. and are
ready for uso as snnn as steam can bo at-
tachcd.
All tho banks in tho city will, with
j senrccly n doubt, be ablo to rcsume busi-
I ncss. A ntimber ot bank vaults havo
bce npencd, and their contents, without
cxccption, wcre uninjurcd. Kvery bank
in tho city claims that in timo it will bo
ablo to pay cvcry dollar of its indebtcd
ncss. The total lossofgrain is now dcfinitc
ly asecrtaincd to bo 1,G00,000 bushcls.
Four vcsscls wcro loadcd with grain for
tho East to-day, and tho castcrn movo
mcnt will continue, as there nro f'ully 5,
000,000 bushcls now in store.
In Chicago thcro wero 14 whisky dis
tillories prior to the Cro. Tlicto had a
daily producinc capacitj- of 35.000 cal-
Ions, tho tax on which yieldcd tho t)ov
ernmcnt tho sum of 22,750 daily.
Tho Ma3-or has scnt the following dis
patch to all tho Committees and nther
pcrsons scnding aid tn nur snfl'cring peo
plo
In cases whero uioucy is mbhcribcd,
scnd or hold tho money subject to my or
der, instead of purchasing supplics. This
will prcvcnt our rccciving an cxccss of
articicx, and rnablo us to buy thoso wc
most need, such as shcltcr and fuel,which
will be so neeo.ary during tho coming
tt'iotcr. II. Ii. MasoN, Mayor.
Latest ritoM Ciuc.tno. Xcir Yorl;
Oct, 12. Somo twcnty pcrsons havo ar-
rivcu nero irom Uhicatro, aml tlio detailsl
oftho fire from thcm, but cnnfirm its hor
rors. Sevcral have scorchcd clothing and
shocs. Thoy wero passod over tho rail
roads frce, and gratuitously fed by tho
dioing saloons on tho routc.
A Chicago dcspatch of last evening
says Urder is r.t last bcginiiing to enme
out ol tlie uorrible chaos.
Ifall'j Vojotablo Sicilian Itair Ilunuvor norcr
tutM to rouoro tho color to tho liaif. Try 11.
Cramps and palna In the stomach, aro lho rc
sult of ituperfoct indigoation, and may l.e immod.
iatoly rcliorcd by a doso of Johnson'! Anndyno
Llnimont. A toa-spnonful In a little- vi-ttc'nrd
ivatcr a doso.
Ileavy oati nro good for borsei: nono mill di-ny 1
that: but oats c.in't mako n horse's coot look I
suiooth aml glossj' nlicn ho w nnt of oonditinn. i
Shnridan'a Civalry Condilion IWdcn will ilo
t Ii i 4 irhcn nll i l-o 1'iiK
"A Wiindcr of .Mcdical Si'icnco," innyHill bo
applicd tn l)r Vit.ir's Ilaliam of WiM C'hcrry.
It l( ncarly lialf n ccnlnry 'inoo lhl rcmarknble
romcdy as introdncod ti tho public. and yct the
immcdiatc nnd em iable ropntatirtn uhich it gain
cd by its irnndcrful cnrc of couiin. ci.ld", vhoop
ing congh, miir thioat, inllui'ii'i, cnniiniptinn,
nnd nll lin.ni-hbil .tnpl.iiiit-i, U I.. thi- d.iy fully
cu-taincd.
ISTUAV. Camo into the cuclosurc j
-iof tho eubit'riber, on tho I'th inst., n roan
coiorcd thrco ycars old tig. Tho owner i tc
que&tcd to provo piopertv. pav c'iargc, nml takc
taway. WILU D1C1CI -VSOX 1
bridport, Oct. 12, 1871 30;3w
O R S A L K L E I) G K S 1 1) K.
ims placo contams a ilircinng Iinti-e, sur
rounded by frult and ornamcntal trccs, barn,
shods, nnd 53 acres of first-ratoland, on nhicharo
8evoral B001 bniiding lof. Hn.iuiro of It. D. c.
Bevornl PO(Hl linihlinLf lot. I.nnii
I llobbins on tho nromi.oj. Wrvbria St.. Mu.iio.
1 bnry. -9:tf
IIOWE IIAArEN,
DEALEHS I.V
CASKETS, COFFIMS. AUD ROBE5.
Of our cmn and other inanufacturcs, in tbo moft
approved itylos, Includipg hhulr's Wroiiuli
Ca.tlvtitiiztitl, An- mli .lleiolic Ciihk
etfl, and m good au assortuacnt of
as can bo found in tbo state.
Lounges, fpring Beds, Hair, Ihisk, nnd Excelsior
M ATTUliStSKS,
of our own manufacturo. We nlto have tho wo
icn wjro mattrcss, and Elavator Sprinff Ikd, to
which we call Spec.nl Attention.
Itusines Doaks, fiiJe Boards, Vardrobca, Iiook
Ca?cs, Wiudow Cornices, tc, inado to ordcr.
Fumiture UphoUtored and Ropaircd.
A OO0P AFSORTMr.NT 01'
Doors, Sash, Bliuds and
MOX7Xj23XISrGrSv
on hand, Hrackot, XoHcls.and Stalr-ltaiUmmlc,
Blinis painttnl, and Sash glaied, if desircil.
HOWE HAVEN,
SIMJIO.VD'S I1LOCK,
7jtf ltrnndon, Yt.
ROBES, ROBES,
E. V A L j VV'V E,
has .vmr nm:.x rnn i.si'i:rTin.,
A Splcutlld Assdt lniciif 1
I
OF I
INDIAN DRESSED
BlIPFJIi) uoia
(I.incl an.l miline-l
Al.SO A I KW
Choice Fancy Robes,
I.V l!-Al!ICLL. ItKAK,
IirnsON I1AY, ani!
I'ltAIUIK WOI,l
A HANDiOMK 101 OI'
Cnvringo Ilobes,
Horso Blimlcots,

Kobo LiningH,
&c.
Th.i iihnvA Itr.lten ivAr.i nll Mthrtni. und aro eon
sec'nithUmirket fory'a'rs
Cdently offered ui tho beit, and chcapct,Iot robei
uiour v, iu.
29ltf
(im MILL. Van Vlict k Ilall,
V. VII1 bo prcparM to ntnrt tliolr tldcr mill, for i
tno acconioiliitlun of llio noonlo f WovbriJgo nn l i
vlolnlty, Thumlnjr, Ootolitr 12, liTl. Wo will
glrajron clilor from vour ownnpplon, nnd ntl thoy
nlll mnVo, In a foir liouri, nnd mako aschcnp
H any othor plncc. VAX VMI'.T A IIAI.L,
tVnybrldgc, Vt. SDpti
DRESS GOODS.
(JHA1'31AX liROTHHHS
tnllto the spocinl atttontlon of tho trndo to thoir
uniiually largo itock of
lory elpgant
IILACK A.VK TANtJV
DHIiSS KAliKICS.
K.MIillAai.Vd
BLACK M'STJtALlAtX CUI'.IT.SS.
HLACK CASlIMEltaS,
Ut.ACK GltOS VK ZUltCll,
iilaci: imiLUAtiTi.i:s,
ulack r.iipiir.ss,
IltiACK SII.KS,
ntrxcir mmuxos,
'fii'C SATI.XS,
xonwicu roi'uxa,
AI.1'ACC LVSTnF.S,
WASHINGTON J'LAIDS,
Froimli antl Irish I'opliiiH,
In nll tho iiopuhr 'hailos.
BHUSSIiLS SILKS,
TBIJIJIIXG SILKS,
TMMMINC. SATINS,
THIJIMING VKLVETS,
V HL VETEENS.
An uniKtinlly latRo nml ilolrablo ptnrl; of
sha -xnr x ss
Ilcal and Iinilntioii Ijaccs,
nr.AXNirrs; homi:sti:s;
And m.my
lcm priccs.
othcr d-Mrablo guod at nnueu:iy
29jtf
For Musical Socletios.
THE HABnATlI OfCST, I'rico Sl co
A nno colloction of Anthcms by L O. nmrraon
and J, II. Alorcy.
TIIE OMEnTIXO, 1'rico $1 r,0
An cxccllcnt filcc llouk, by I,. O. Kmcron.
AI1 lho Oratoiic, nll tho Ptandard .Mases, na
largo list of classical and all casy Cantntas, and
numbcrs of Olco Ilonks nnd of rhnrch .Mnsi
Books.
Mailcd, post-paid, on rcccipt of Uctail l'rice.
OLIVKIt DITSOX i CO., Boston.
C. II. DITSO.V .1 O., Xcw York. 28;tf
Ifyou niah tu iblain tbi- I.ntt,t ImpM.mtnt
in clothcs vringers, get tho
rniprovod Univorsal AWinger
Witli ltiibhi i lielwecn tlie !iriiii;v.
It rnns caicrand wrinp:- dricr ihananv vuingcr
ovcr m.nio
"Thn l'niveral i tho I!ct tm Ay!u:,nl
Sol 1 by tho trado genorally, and by
(ii:n. II HOOD, (icncral Agcnt.
Watcr Strcct, llnnon,

l flflAT. f flrt A T PftflT I
wWiLL I jJIXh jJJXh
AVo nro prcparcd to delivcr conl of all Mnds by
tho boat, car, or singlo ton. Coal of lho bcst
quolity nnd nt tho owc,t ratos, upon tho complc
tion of tho Addison Itaiiroa l to hnr.ibocs' I'uint,
about Oct. 1st. Addrcs,
II. (1. I!fIlt,EIOII .t CO.,
2S;3m Whltchall, .V. Y.
PAPKlt IIANG1NGS
We aro now rectiUug a larj;o
ASSORTM EMT OF
Paper Hangings
llbCKWiru .1
51;tf
Co.
March 12 IsTl
L
C KLNOSLKV.
Ripley's Marble Block,
UUTLAXU, ATT.
FUKKTITURE
mcn i'iti.oit rLT.xiTi itj:.
Upholstered In Itepp, Knjtlish Tcrry, and Hair
Cloth. Kasy HockinK, Iteclinin", l'arl'ornnd Camp
.Morbl... Flalo, an.l Woo.1 Tnp
ORNTlill 'I'AHLHS.
I.ibrary, Ihten'tion, and
i
Ladics' Work Tables.
.Mirrors, Ilal Trec, Wliatnots, Corniccs Jc.
WIXDOW HIIADKS,
lluicnus Itodsttdj", !Ulr and Ihcel'iir,
3IATT11ESSES,
Cane, Willo.v and WcKd Eeat Chalrs, nnd all
klndi of Kitclten l'urniturr.
CAItPETS.
Volvet, Biuscels, Tapottry, Ing rain, Dutcb and
llciup CatHts, Itugs and.Mats,Oil Cloth .Matting
i t'arpet Linlng.
OOFFNS AND OASKETS.
Agent for Bhuler's air-tlght Melalio Uurial Caso.
ffylho beit ilcarso la tho Btato furuithed if
dciirod. Manufactureri of Black Valnnt, Chest
I nut and PtlDtcl Chamber Bulti. Table Cardi,
Llbrary Cases, Iiook Casej ond WritlngUeskt,
larco ttook.
HullanJ, Maroh 29, 1971.
lyl.
ILL RETURN.
Dii. s. ir. stYTir.
Of Dr. I,1(1I1T1III,L A HMVTI1, No. 3 1-2 l)o.-
oon Strcct, Doiton, at tho urgcnt lulleltatloni of
patron aml frlcndi, nlll mako iiofolonat tljlti
tn MIDULnUUItY rcgulatly orcry month, oh
vlallng tho Inoblllty hcretoforo fclt by mnny to
llt him ot his oflico, Jlurllngton, Vt., whero ho
can ho cotiiullcd daily, cxcopt Tue.'doy and Wod
nosday ofcnch tuonth.
I) R S M Y T II
.May bo consulted at tho
AtUllsoii Ilotiso, Mhldlcbury,
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
0CT0BER 17TH AHD 18TH,
(Will bo at Stovonj' Homo, Vcrgcnncj, Tuodav
and Vodnoday, Oftobcr 54th and 25th)
ON
CA TAHRIl, DF.AFXESS, DIS.
CHARGESfrom thc EAIl, SSOI.
SES IN TIIE UEAD,
ULINDNESS, And all
discascs of thc EYE
aml EAIl,
THHOAT AFFECTIONS, CON.
SUMI'TION, Asthma. Lhcr and
Kidncy Complaints, Gencral
and Ncrvous Debility,
and all CIIRONIC
HISEASluS nf wtatrrcr nature.
CONSULTATION FllEE!
Catarrh Can be Cu: ed
.-t II I 'lll'll l ol"
HENHY BALLARD, Esq.
ii:mhi:h or nir:
CHITTENDEN COl'NTV I5AR
liinuxnrov,
o,-t. 13, ls;n.
LujMM A Hmijlh:
IlnAn sins; I tako plcasure in etating that
during tbo past thrco weeks I haio been under
your trcatmunt for chronio cotarrh, and tbo renult
tbus far has beecn in tho hlghcst dcgroo eatiafac
tory to me much moro so than I had reason to
anticipato. Tho discaso which had troubleU ino
for about four ycars, and for whith-1 had tried
many kinds of remedios vrithout .nnd ,rt
bo raphllv bccoming rcmorod. I cannot too
highly rccommcnd jour careful and fkillfultreat-
mcnt.
I woull stalo alo that cy wifo. nho ha? been
under your troatment for tho samo length of timo
for a partial dcafncss of long standing, joins with
me in expressiog hcr npprcciation of your caro-
fulncss and skill in tho trcatmcnt of hor difficult
I caso. At tho prescnt timo tho symptoms quito
plainly indieote a substantial andpermanent ben-
i-fit, it not a porfect and corapietc curo.
Toeling perfectly conOden that thoso simiiarly
troublcd, if thcy opply to you, wiii not Cnd them
selies dcccivod and dcfraudcd, but honeitly ad
vi'cd, and profcionally treatwl irith ittclligcnoo
and skill, I mako this ttatcmcut iu regard to my
own cxperincc with cntlro chccrfulne.
Vour truly,
Ill'.Xr.Y HAI.I.AIiD
li EC.'HNT )N FIliMATION
burlington. IVb. t;,
(imtltmm 1 H.mld stato nt this dato in ad
dition to tho forcgoing testimnntHl, that haring
contiuncd jour trontmcnt, I haro steadily im.
proicd heolth until I now oonsidcr tiie di-caac
fully rcmovcd. Voiih ropcctfulIr,
IIKMtY llA'l,I,Ani
31GHT. BEV. LBEflS li HE9BDin
catholic lusiroi' oy vaiMoxr
Attojts iu tho folloirinx stnlcincnt to the skill of
Div. LIGHTIIILL SMYTH.
UinLixoTov, Vt., Jan. 23, IsTl
Tvthi. PMic:
I liao no hesitation in rccommcnding Ur.
Smylh, after seeing him perform a very skill ful
operation on tho ear of Itev. J. P. O'CarrolI, who
wasthoreby intantanoously cured of deafness of
long standing.
I.OI'I.S Do OOE.-BItlAXl).
LETTElt FROI
Rev. Father O'CarrolI.
(F lll( llMC)XI), VT
Iticuuo.vn, Vt-, Jan. 23.
Dri LtgM.ll H- Smyth:
Dkak ms:It gives me great pleasuro to be
able to say that your operation on my ear ha-s
been succcssful. Tho noise in my head has dis
continucd. The catarrhal aflection with which I
have bocn troubled, ii rapidly disappearing, I
einccrely thank you and hone that you will re
cehe the patronajfe to which your professional
abilitirs entitle you.
Vours,
J. I
O'CAIUIOLL,
Catholic Priest.
IMl'OItTANT liETTEK
nio.M
Oscar Atwood, A, M
I'uisni'tL or tnt rpinuitL ACAntuv,
Uniieruiil, Vt., Marrha), 1871
Drt. LtgMM i- Smilh:
DbibSibs: Tho tovere catanhal slTectlon with
which I ha.'o bccn tronble.1 for tix years, bu al
most cntirely disappearcd. I focl condnt of a
speedy ond permancnt curo. I most cheorfully
bear tostlmony to the great skill which you bav
shown in the troatment or my difficult case, and
lake pleasuro in recommending you U thoso wlia
are simiiarly affllcud.
V"yr"rMtfttOc5B"'TW0OD.