JSNaL A N D
The Chicago Relief Lists Still Open acd the
Charity of the Nation ietirr.
Municipal and Episcopal Honor to Franca? Re
flax of the Specie Fiow-The Dean
ery of St. Paul'a
1ELEGf,/.M T0 THE NEW KOM HERMJL
London, Oct. 19, 1871.
The national movement in aid of the Chicago
Relief Fund suffers no abatement of Its active
charity.
The subscriptions at the Mansion House for the
benefit of the suirerere by the fire amounted to
SIM, 000 np to last night
The Manchester subscription to the same tune was
$40,000.
At a meeting held at Kidderminster last night
Si, 600 were paid in on the spot, and inrthcr contrU
buttons guaranteed.
UNANIMOUS COMPLIMBNT TO FBANOB.
A banquet was given at the Mansion Hon-e last
night In honor of M. Leon Say, envoy of the French
republic.
One hundred and twenty guests were present
Among the speakers were Lord Lvons; the Protest
ant Bisbop of Westminster, Archbishop Manning
\Koman Catholic), or Westminster, and M. Vamrain.
CLERICAL INSTALLATION.
Very Rev. R. W. Church, the new Dean of St
Paul's, was solemnly Installed in his offloe on the
?17th instant
SriClB IN RXFLOW.
Tho very heavy outflow of specie from the Bank of
England, which has been reported for sevoral weeks
past, has ceased and the return influx has begun.
It was reported this morning that the weekly state
ment of tbe Bank of Englaud, to be published to
day, would show an increase or tbe amount of
bullion held In tbe vaults of the institution over
that stated last Thursday. Tho result proves the
correctness of tbe calculation, tor tbe exhibit pub
lished by tbe bank in the atternoon announced that
the bullion has increased it 1,181,000 during the week.
THK COTTON SUPPLY.
The steamships Tripoli and Spain, from New
York, landed 2,644 bates of American cotton at
Uverpooi to-day.
PRANCE.
The Republican C Tcrnmcnt Afraid of Bona
partist Iuvasion or Imperialist Reaction.
M. Place Acquitted? Judicial Disposal of Captive
Communists? Chicago Belief from
Americans in Parii.
TCLEGrtAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
l'ARIS. Oct. 10, 1871.
The French government remains anxious con
cerning reports which are circulated of the exist
ence of Boaaparust Intrigues, having for their
object the restoration of the exiled dynasty.
The Cabinet has issued orders to tbe commandants
?f the military and naval posts and stations on the
eoast of Prance, warning them "to keep a careful
watch on the movements of alt suspicious or sus
peoted persons, and to be prepared for prompt
action to suppress any disturbance.*'
Tbe object of tbe order is to prevent the country
from being disturbed or excited by a Bouapartist
descent, which. It la feared, may be undertaken by
tbe agents of Napoleon with or without bis sane
-tton
EX-COWSUL rL ACE.
M. Victor Place, who liaa been on trial at Ver
sailles lor alleged rrauds in the purchase or arms for
the government while filling the position of French
Consul at New York, nos been honorably ocqulttcd
ol tbe chargos preferred against him.
COMMUNISM AND ITS CONSEQUENCES.
The court martial assembled in Paris for the trial
of Communists has sentenced ninety-one of tne ac
cused who were brought to trial bclore it and ac
quitted 0.000 others.
AMERICAN CONTJIT BUTTONS TO CHICAGO.
The amount contributed for the relief of Chicago
by tbe Americans in Paris is 131,055 francs.
GERMANY.

Parliament Cr;?ani?ad? Imperial Approval of the
Treaty with Franca.
TEU?!U? TO THE HEW TORX KERALO.
Berlin, Oct. 10, 1871.
The Parliament effected an organization to-day.
Jlerr Slmson was re-elected President of the legis
lative assemblage.
ArrnovAL or the treaty with france.
The Emperor William has approved the treaty
with Prance, and ratifications will be formally ex
Changed on Saturday.
CUBA.
leading of Troops at Havana? Yellow Fever cn
an American Veesel? Cable Commu
nication Extending.
TELFGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Havana, Oct. 10, 1871.
Tbe steamer Mendez Nunez, which arrived from
Cadiz yesterday, brought as passengers the Scgundo
Cal>o and Romualdo Crespo de laGuerra and family,
and soo troops.
The schooner William Wilson, from Guantanamo
(or Baltimore, with sugar, arrived at Santiago do
Cubaou the 18th Inst., wltu all hauds sIck with the
yellow rover.
She reached port through tbe assistance re
ceived at sea from the German ship Henry.
Advices irom Kingston, Jamulca, to the 10th inst,
report that the Demerara telegraphic cable is laid.
The Daoiau will resume soon tbe work of grappling
lor the lost cables.
M ANITO'3 A.
SBxoitemem la Wlnnlpes Over Reported Gold
mworerln-RMk or Peltier* to the Hold
VieMi-Tbe Late Fen Inn linld.
St. Paul, Minn., Oct. IP, 1871.
General Lemon arrived from Fort Garry last
evening, and reports intense excitement prevailing
at Winnipeg on account of the reeent gold dis
covery at Lake Shebondawln. Specimens of dust,
nuggets and quartz have been brought to winnl
peg. Hundreds are rushing to the gold fields.
Lake Shebondawin Is a *bort distance irom Silver
Islet.
General Cnrley. one of the leaders of the late
Fenian fla*ro upon Manitoba, arrived here yesier
aay and was Immediately arrested. General Ourley
declare* the Fenian raid was no raid at all, l>ut
merely a colonization scheme, and that the colony
could have successfully resisted colonel Wbcatou it
?U nad been so disposed.
YELLOW FEVEB IN CHARLESTON.
Charleston, S. C., Oct. 10, 1871.
TIier>? were four deaths irom yellow fever during
the past twenty-four hours.
EUROPEAN MARKETS.
London Monst Mat?k*t.? London, Oct. 19? 4:8" P.M.?
Con tola rioted at 9S;t Cor mnnit and *1 for tbe Ac
count. American McurltlCl Five-twenty bonds, ltKH *1% i
old,?S: IM7'?,?1J4; Un-forliM. 88V
PABIB 1IOWHAI I'AKIM, UCt. 11?? P. M.-Kemee ClOMd
at tit. 20a.
Franktout Bornn*.? Kran KrnitT, Oct. 18? A. M.?
UnUedSUt^ Mve twenty tonda opened at #6? (ur lb? Win
Livaarooi. Cotton Markft? Livsrpool, Oct 1??
4 M P. M.~Tbe cotton market cloeed dull. Mld.ilma nplandi,
9M. middling Orleana, "-,d. a ltM. Tbe ial?e of the
day have l>oen lP,0uu bale*, Including 'J.ihX) for eiport and
?pccnlahon. Sale* or ootton on iblp named at Savannah or
t.harleatun at
Livsaroot. Paonvcv MAnitr.T.? Liverpool, Oct. W?
SO P.M. Tallow, ?7?. per cwt.
London Pmootiui Maukit. London, Oct. 1#.? Tallow,
4k. ?d. per cwt
PERSIA.
Famine, Pestilence and Violent
Prorincial Insurrections.
The Government Troops Driven from Shiraz by
the Rebels.
1UEC1AA 10 THE KtW Y0R< ?!E!ttL!L
a LONDON. Oct. 19, 1871.
The latest advices which TiaVi be&T received from
Teheran brine news of a very important character.
English reports, ooth official and mercantile, go
to show that Persia la stiu Buffering from (amine
and pestilence and the disorganisation and disturb
ance which these calamities have induced.
The province of Khorassan has been Invaded and
plundered bv warlike troops. Insurrections have
broken out in various quarters, which (be govern
ment finds U difficult or impossible to queiL
The province of Vara is in open rebellion, and the
government troops have oeen driven ,'rom Shiraz,
the capital of the province, which is now held by
the rebels,
THI INHABITANTS OF PARS
are among the most civilised and industrious of the
provincial peoples of Persia. They live in a coun
try wlilch Is enclosed by the Persian Guif on the
southwest and by the territories of the provinces
oi Khuzistan. Irak, Klrman and Lariatan on the
ot hers. The country is mountainous In the Interior,
but interspersed with very many long and narrow
plains, the soil of which is exceedingly fertile.
There are a number of salt lakes. The people man
lacture tine woollen, silk and cotton stuffs, and dress
hides for export, chiefly to Hlndostan. The chief
cities of Fars are Shiraz, Bush Ire, Frlozabad and
Kazerun. Pars was, In the olden time, the patri
mony of Cyrus. It contains the ruins of persepolis.
AFFAIRS IN CHICAGO.
Resumption of Boiloew-Larie Receipts of
New ?!oo?ln? Arrival ol Steam Fire Engines
from Mew York? Liberality of Property
Owner*? Advance in ileal Estate? Legisla
tive Hellef Jiiils Passed.
Chicago, Oct. 10, 1871.
Business has assumed a tangible character on
Wabash and Michigan avenues. Immense quantities
of new goods are arriving oy the express and freight
lines.
Money matters continued quiet.
The Illinois Senate to-day passed a bill, which had
previously passed the House o( Representatives,
assuming the lien held by Chicago on the Illinois
and Michigan Canal. This gives Chicago $3,000,000.
Six new steam Ore engines arrived here last
night from New York to increase the force of the
Fire Department. No furtc.er apprehensions are
felt for the safety of the city from fires.
There have been many ralso reports circulated
by the pre& of other cities in regard to the oity and
and ^county debt These reports stated the city debt
at $20, 460, 066. ^he etititS ffounty debt does not
exceed five millions.
William S. Johnston, of Lake Forest, owner of
200 lots on Milwaukee avenue, offers them rout tree
lor three years for the purpose of erecting upon
tbem cheap bouses for the homeless.
Mrs. Leroy, of 137 Dekoven street, in whese barn
the Are originated, pronounces the story false that
tbe Are broke out owing to carrying a kerosene
lamp into the stable. Sne was in bed and asleep
wben the fire commenced.
The Illinois House of Representatives yesterday
passed supplementary warehouse and Chicago tax
exemption bills? both linportaut relief bills to
Chicago.
The first real estate transaction of any magnitude
since tne Are was maue this morning. H. u. ilius
dale sold to T. B. Bryan foriy.two feet in Dearborn
place by eighty-two feet in Randolph street (in the
burned district) for $40, 000. Hinsdale bought the
property a year ago for $40,000. since the lire it is
worth f 00,000.
Tbe losses of Cyrus H. McCormiCK amount to
about three-quarters of a million. He will rebuild
the reaper factory and warehouses at once.
Judge W. YV. Farwell sent a commuuicatlon to
the Board or Trade to-day, in which he proposes to
erect a bunding on the southwest corner of Market
and Washington streets, with a room in it ninety
feet square, which be gives to tbe Board rent tree.
The Oder was accepted. Tne buUding will be com
plete in forty days.
Tne sum of $27,000 was received from Glasgow,
Scotland, to day.
Tne fiibernian Banking Association will resume
business, paying la fell.
TH& NORTH VV'ia F.RiS
Another Account of tbo Plrr* at Willinnmon'*
MUlx nod Other Places in Dnor County.
MIL W AUK K K, WlS..JOCt. 10, 1S71.
The Door County Advocate contains a full account
or the loss of llfo ana property by the great Area in
that county. Up to Sunday night, the 8th Inst., fires
had been raging through the towns of brussells,
Union, Gardner, Foreatvllie, Claybanks, Nesewau
pee, Sturgeon Bay and Sevastopol, burning fences
and timber; but leaving houses untouched. At nine
o'clock on Sunday night a tornado of Are swept
down from the southwest, beginning at Belgia i
settlement, in Brussels, sweeping through the towns
of Union and Gardner, the western part of Sevas
topol, and down the east shore of the bay, consum
ing every building In Us path. At Williamson's
shingle mill every thing was burned, and the most
awful destruction or tinman life ensued. Oiu of
eighty persons at the mill fifty-seven were burned
to death. The rew survivors tell horrible tales of
the scene. After the Are (orty-flve bodies were
lound In a potato patch in the centre of a clearing,
others were found scattered in various places, some
In wells. Many were disflumed In a terrible manner,
and In some canes beyond recognition.
Tills great destruction was the work of but fifteen
minutes, and was the same tornado that burned
Pesthtego and 1.200 human beings. A number of
other losses of Ilia are reported in otter places.
Twenty-two were burned at Brussels. There 1*
scarcely a house or barn standing in the line of this
storm of tire. Efforts for roller are not spared here
or anywhere In tlio s>tat>, and donations from
abroad are arriving to maku comfortable those who
survived.
Contributions of money can be sent to Alexander
Mitchell, iTesulent of the Wisconsin Marine and l-'iru
Insurance Hunk, Milwaukee. Clothing or provisions
to Ilarrison Ludington, Mayor of Milwaukee.
THE SCHOONER E. A. BOSTON.
Gloucester, Oct. 19, 1871.
The captain of the schooner E. A. Horton states
that Cape Ann was the first land sighted after leav
ing the colonial coast. On parilng with her aider
and abettor she kept well to the south to reach the
Gulf Stream, then took a westerly course and first
fennd soundings on tieorge's Bank on Sunday
morning, In flti?on fathoms of water. She oxpe
rienced the storm of Thursday, but received n 1
damage. Nothing was seen of any gunboat,
Engl isli or American.
ALBANY ITEM8,
Albany, N. Y., Oct. 19, 1871.
Johu C. Wlnne, broker, of New York, has been ar
rested and confined to jail here, in default of
$22,000 bail, on the charge of defrauding Ills
mother-in-law, Mrs. Josephine U. Poucner, out of
$l&,ooo in various sums, it Ls claimed by the de
fendant that the suit is Instituted by a family dis
pute.
The Board of Trade to dav held a meeting to in
stitute measures for the reiiei or the sutierers by
the tires in the Northwest, and a committee waj sit
pointed to solicit subscrlntions. 1
John B. I'ay lie, residing at is* Franklin arrest
hanged himself in ht* ?roMehed to-day. He leaves
a wife ana tur<w cUiiareu. T
TLLEQRAPHIO NEW3 ITEM3.
the W?r??w Manufacturing Works, at Warsaw, N. V..
were burned Kst e?entng. Loss $24,1)00.
WlilUm Brook* ?u murdered In the suburbs of Ironton,
Ohio, on Tuesday nigut, white taking a wait.
The nch'Jonrr O Ma was cai slsed In Lake Ontario, off
Oswego, yesterday ?nd lull. All tiie crew exo-pl the cook
were s.itred.
A Ore broke out yestwda? afternoon at RrownsTtlla. fnd.,
fourteen m ien rait of IndUnapolla, and destroyed live stores
aod three dwellings. Lost f14,(M) to #*0,000.
Wallace P. Hunt, a member of the Broome county, ft. V.,
bar, hat l>e?n indicted for abduollng a girl under thirteen
year* of a*e for the purpose of prostitution.
The sum of iffto.i 00 was roted unanimous'* by the Mon
treal Cliy Connoll We<lne?<la? nluht for the relief of Chicago.
Tills brings the Mentreal toUl subscription* up to )|ilOo,OSC.
The flremen are subscribing to the fund for the t btcago Klre
brigade. _____
The Raihrav Newt states that the trafllc receipts
of the railways In the United Kingdom for the we->k
ending September 2V, 1871. upou t. mileage of ia,H::>,
amount to ?V78,?20, being equal to *70 km. per mile.
For the corresponding week of last year the receipts
were ?tM(,47.i? the number or iniles open 13,673? or
??a is?. per mile. A oomparison or the two weeks
shows an Increase In the aggregate receipts of
?72,447, and in toe number of miles open of
THE MQRMt* TROUBLES.
Trial of Elder HawlriDB-Empanelling of the
Jury- A Mormon Juror Efjecied?
Several Saint* Arrested.
Salt lake Oitt, Utah, Oct. 19, 1871.
After two days of hair-splitting arguments on the
competency or jurors, a Jury in the JJawKlns adul
tery case~w*H complete 1 this oriefu6&L One of the
jurors empanelled, named Naylor, proved to be a
good Mormon, who believed a revelation rrom God
under which "men mar rightfully have more than
one woman to live and cohabit with as wives at the
same time, and that it woula not be just and right
to convict such a man of adultery tor such conduct
Upon this exposition of views, which It required at
least half an hour to pump oat, Chief Justice
McKeon said, "As a judicial officer I cannot take
cognizance of any such alleged revelation rrom
Cod. I am governed by tne written law. the Juror
says 1 understand him correctly, and with that un
derstanding 1 must hold that in this case he is not a
proper Juror." The defendant's counsel excepted.
The ruling prevents any Mormon from sitting on a
Jury before whom any case of adultery or lascivious
conduct may come. This will embrace the ease of
Brlgbam Young, Daniel IL Wells, Conlor, editor of
the yews, Lawrence and others now under
indictment lhe ruling of the Court has brought
out a fierce philippic from the minor organ of
the Mormons, the Bera'd, which denounces
the act as a judicial outrage and accuses the
government of packing the Juries, of riding
roughshod over every rule of Uw for the purpose
of extirpating polygamy and punishing the orlme
by implication. The Mormon organ desires to have
a jury of polygamlsts to try the crime of polygamy.
The Court does not concur, and hence the trouble.
After empanelling the jury a long argumont was
had between counsel as to tho competency of Mrs.
Hawkins under tho common law to testify against
her husband. Mrs. Hawkins was the only com
plainant who, under the Territorial statues passed
by the Mormon Legislature, could make complaint
against her husband for adultery. The defence
held the act Illegal, and rellea on the common
law to prevent the wife's appearance on the
stand. The prosecution argued that the statute
made her a witness, and the Court admitted her
testimony and exceptions taken. Mrs. Hawkins
was then examined and generally testified to tho
several occurrences or the acts of adultery alleged
against her husband. Tho defence began the cross
examination, which was not concluded when the
Court adjourned, and the otyeot or which had not
become apparent. Tne Court ordered the Jury to be
Kept togther in charge of the deputy marshals, In
order to prevent any communication wtth the
world. The case is likely to oontlnoe several days.
Important arrests of high Church officials have
been made near Provo, In tn? south part of the Ter
ritory, on grave charges. Judge Strickland is hold
ing Court there.
Arrest of Btahnp Jobason on Charge of Mur
der? Pro?i'?'Nn of the II n wit inn Case? .Vlcot
ing of the Church lJiirh Conneil.
Sam Lacs, Utah, Oct. 13, 1871.
Aaron Johnson, a Mormon Bishop of Springvllle,
Utah county, was arrested this alternoon at that
place by United States Marshal Patrick Unger. He
was Indicted a year ago as accessory to murder.
The prisoner was taken to Provo aud to-morrow
will have a bearing- before Judge Strickland, or the
First District court.
A gold-bearing quartz was brought In to-day
from Bingham Canony assayinsr over $1,9)0 per ton.
one hundred and sixty recruits (or the regiment
at Camp Douglas arrived las: nt ,'tu.
A meeting or the Mormon High Council Is called
for to-morrow night.
The Ogden tin mine excitement continues.
A M U 3 E M E Nrj.
the Grand Opera House.? "Eileen Oge" U still
Attracting large and fashionable audiences at this
house, and appears to have as strong a bold upon
toe public regard In New York as tt has bad npon
the popular mind In the British metropolis. Mr.
Florence, who bas entirely recovered from bis late
Illness, is now playing with all bis characteristic
vigor, and. Judging Irom the fact that the Dlece bas
already been on the boards for three wee us without
the least intimation of a lessened interest, it has
every appearance o: remaining before the public for
considerable period. Toe Irish songs and wea'th
o i incidents, rollicking dances, beautiful sceucrr
and the varied illustrations of the joyonsuess of
Irish peasant lire, tne quaint pastimes of harvesting
In the land of the shamrock are quire charming
and seem if ell calculated to overcome the distaste
for Irisu dramas engendered by less meritorious
plays.
Booth's Tueatre.? The performance In aid of the
Chicago sufferers last night at this bouse was a
magnldcent success. Every available seat was oc
cupied, and many considered themselves lucky to
obtain standing room. Mr. Booth appeared for the
occasion as Macbeth. His reading of the part Is
full of animation, but exhibiting dcllcate apprecia
tion of the subtler passages. Miss Cushmaa seemed
to have recalled her youth, and presented ns with a
picture of human passion truly appalling in its
vividness. Mr. Creswick made a very good
Macduff. It is not often that a New York audience
has the opportunity of seeing so much dramatic
talent ot high order united 011 the same staire. and
the public showed their appreciation by repeated
and warm applause.
Frhoe* fr?m Other f<un<N.
Slgnor Bottesini's opera "AU IJaba" ts 1:1 prepara
tion at the Clrco, in Madrid.
Mile. Krauss Is engaged for (he autumn season
at Trieste, and for the Carnival at San Carlo,
Naples.
Miss Amy Sedgwick made her reappearance on
the boards of the Haymarket Theatre on the eib cf
October.
We hear that Tagllonl, the famons dancer, Is
about to leave Paris and reside In London, where
she proposes giving lessons.
The interior decorations of the Paris Opera have
begun. Glaziers are now repairing the numerous
panes broken since the commencement of the war.
There are lrom 150 to -joo panes to replace.
llerr Hermann Sallmayer has finished a new
Ffstdrama, which is to be proluced Immediately
at the WUheluis Theater of Konlgsberg, to celebrate
the festival in houor or those who have returned
from the French campaigns.
Tsmberllk has hail one of the usual tropical suc
cesses in Mexico. We read or twenty recalls and
3,000 bouquets. But tlowers are cheap and plentiful
In Mexico. They should offer tees to make the com
pliment recht-rctu!.
The Op^ra Coir.lque announces its first perform
ance of "L'Ombre." with the lollowlng ca*t:~ Fa
brlce, M. Moujauze; Le Docteur M nonet, M. Ismaei;
Mine. Abellle, Mme. Prlola; Jeanne, Mine Reine.
Monjanze's engagement was signed on Sunday at
eleven o'clock; by noon the opera was in rehearsal.
At La Scala "Quaranv" is still being periormed,
ana to tolerably good houses, thanks to the fart
that the place is full or straaireis, visitors to the
Exhibition and tourists. After "Uuarany" will
come "Lucia," with either Slguora Caruzzl-Uedognl
or Siguori Mongini-Stecchl and Naudlu and liurto
lasl.
Slgnor Lablaehe, the greatest basso ihat ever lived,
made nis tlrsi appearance in London on Thursday,
the uth of May. 1h?i. The cast or the open, "11
Matrlmonlo Heirivto," on ihls occasion was:? Caro
lina, Mine. Merle l.aiande: Fidalma, Mine. Mailman;
Klise ta, Miss Kellcliamoers; i'aolino, signor Don
zelll; Count Robinson. Slgnor Santlnl. aud (Jero
ninio, Signor Lablaehe (Lis lirst appearance l? Kng
land). r.
A curious incident h^jipened at the Park Concert,
at Anisterd?.^, a lew days ago. several Prussian
9fl?ci*rs in lull uniform wore present. The baud
Struck up "Die Waeht am Ithein," which was one
or the pieces set down on the programme. There
upon the audience took It Into their heads to com
mence hissing lustily. The band, to soothe them,
glided into tho Hutch national air. "Wlen Neerlands
Bioed In den Aderen vloet." At rne first strains the
Prussian officer* uncovered, rose from theif seats
and remained standing until the conclusion.
On October 2 the English opera once moro made an
effort to acquire a permanent footing in London.
Tne "Boyal National opera" opened at St. Jame*'
Theatre for 11 short season, tinder goo l auspices.
The principal singers were Miss Hose Hersee, with
her American laurels still on her. Miss Blanche
Cole, Miss Bessie Kmmett, Miss Janet Havdon,
Mmo. Florence Lamia, Miss Palmer, Mr. suns
Keeves, Mr. Georgo Perren, Mr. Nordblotn, Mr.
Henry Gordon, Mr. 0. Stanton, Mr. rarklnson, Mr.
Bichard Temple, Mr. Maybrick, Mr. Sandman, Mr.
0. Wiimot, Mr. Macaulay, Mr. Theodore Dtatin, Mr.
Cllve Hersee. Mr. Sidney Xuyior conducts, and the
band is a Sirong one.
Critics have to be careful in London, tojndge rmtn
the following crazy communication 10 liie editor of
t.ie Mu^icai Woritl
London, Sept. ?7, i??i.
Hib- -Wo are ln?truete<1 by Madame Julia noitf, pl?uul. to
call your attention to >n article in the num!>er of the Hw*n I
WoriU of the lbt.ii lint.. In wlilch you talacly allege "that
?Maying 10 play the Concartatuck, ?he rams to speedy anil
con.n cu.Mii fc-ner." Ai thia li untrue ami Itbellom, we inuit
loaat upon an ample withdrawal and apology In your neit
number; and untesa II then arpeari we shall commence an
action at law against you for the reoorery of il?m?M? with
out any further nonce. We are, nr. your raoat obedient aar
vanta KVANtf, liAIfltl M KAWLI.H.
Mr. Wm. Duncan Davison, Hegmit Mravi, W?
TDK PRESIDENT IN MAINE,
Farther Ceremonies it tte Opening of the
Earopcan and North American Railroad.
A Brilliant Ball Under Canyae? More Speeches
Sy the Preiidont, Lord Lisgar and Poetmattar
General Creswell? More Mutual Congratu
lations Blending "God Save the
Gusen" with "Yankee Dcodle," and
Other Ludicroue Ineidenta
^ANOHnOBO, Me., i
Via St. jotm. N. H., Oct. 10, 1871. J
The farther opening ceremonies of tne European
and Nortti American Railway nave aflorded addi
tional tacilltlos for the promotion of friend 1/ reeling
between the representative leaders and the people
of the United States and the Dominion of Canada.
Here, In this almost absolute wilderness? on
the chores of the St. Croix, the dividing line of
the provinces and the States? have been assembled
to-day the chief magistrates of tho two nations and
thousaads of other notabilities or less distinction,
but all rejoicing over the completion of the great
international ihroughfaro, and hoping that it will
prove an additional bond of union between the
distinctive classes whose commercial and social
Interests are identical. After a refreshing night's
slumber the parly? numbering some six hundred
or more? luft Bangor in a special train for
Vanceboro, where arrangements for tho lormal
opening exercises had been arranged. Besides
President Grant there were in the party Secretaries
Creswell, Robeson and Belknap of the Cabinet;
and or the Bntisn government there were Lord
Ltsgar, the Governor General, and other Dominion
dignitaries. Arriving at the point of destination
the Bangor party were met by a concourse of four
or Ave hundred, who nad come from St. John, and
all united in one common international throng and
proceeded to a mammoth tont near the depot,
where the formal and Bocial exercises or tho occa
sion were indulged in. A magmncont banquet was
first in order, and then came in turn round after
ronnd of speecues from the various representative
gentlemen present.
THE BiXU I
After the repast the teat was thrown open to all
who wished aud could gain admlBulon. and Pr?bab>y
not less man four thousaud were crowded under the
canvas to listen to and witness the informal and
general exercises. Mr. Jewett. President of the Eu
ropean and North American llatiway, presided at
tne nead or the tablo, and on his right vras seated
General Grant and on his left Lord Ltsgar, chief
Strata of the Dominion of Canada. The repre
j gentatlve flags of the two nations were everywhere
I pleasantly blended, and the bands present vied with
each other in nuxlui up tie airs or "Uod save the
oueen" and "Yankee Doodle" in a manner tnat was
no less really impressive than It was seemlng'y m
dlcrous. "The United States" was tlie flrst senti
ment given, and ueneral Grant had to undergo uio
painful orueal of responding. Mr. Jewett, In offer
fog ine sentiment, alluded briely to tholmportanoe
aua usefulness or the new mternatio.iat
thorough: are wnich they had just completed. The
ciitct advantajjo was the preliminary step towards
SSJt??l2-? "?Myf?upor
Ik hours nearer each other. When General Grant
?,i mi a Phppra wtotcU irreeted hlui were
'it aeeiued as U they would
never fluuU" MABKa 0P XH? president.
J2aafa^"wf3feas
men went an to say ^^^LfTcaston whlcfc,
ho r^oy 'speeches lrom meifmiwh mor^cap^bfe
ar?a?
reeung8wa^ B^mea? anim?vew cbeer8 Iol.
!U2Li AT^rd L?sSar ww M? caue<l upon, and.
nice all tlic^speeches or the day. was receive with
vociferous ?P??"*BaABfs 8PJ5BCD.
He aocoDted tlie compiiuieut, Ue said, not as
recognition The presence of ttio Com
was Vr,?i?Mm?Pf of ne two countries conrerred
?.s?. ??s.?rSoir?.!ss
these l>on?ls may never mentioning again tno
a wulcu ut"
ir.npte* ?SSSSSn>?r.
??i i^ilr would say that ne cordially approved
Loul Iii^j^ar ?ri?at ii?* termed tlie createst
the Provisions of what he not doubt
tr sUKrr jMss^ra
-n- 7cvCSU?eUfterd tSjSSTJt AmS
cemcd. irom each other, but botu
progress ot human lm prove me u *rae animosi .c.
ol I n0 pASt aro d) tog o t, urltlsli govenupent of
the foreign BrUUh
an^oUMrch^a\l^^h^oWaegovenitnen^on^i.
under the rule or Ueorje ^^nded. winch will
fiveTif hf *or soTong a* miud Is reckoned superior
u&Jz&~r> S" ',u=?s
bust iiSe,,
!S???ffKi'21
event; Uove'?? dt0? ?0111?r. utit wni>
S38SW&S ?K??Vl,?,r i'^A.SS
whtcn they woie c<ne jra ncn of t)ie N-ew do
President ot Hie *'x Minister of Cnstoins; Mr. J.
minion; Hon. J>. u iiiw. ex.^overuor l?en
W. E.nery. 01 Ma-sachuseti^am^e
nls0^r? the e were also some terse and pointed
speakers the e were ai?u WKNKRAL ckk-wki.i.
kkmakks uy IO.TM' nd t0 11H bureau. He
who was called out J to r l k tu Washington he
said that as s<>on _a. Ha K European and Dominion
would arrange to have the huropeaa^^^^^re
mails transported D0!?sibie he would rurnlsti
??ce, and that MMonas possiUr< facilltie? equftl to
tnem wit n postal c.irs a^ He ,,ci,eved that the
the best in t he I "11' ad proved the means or
euiei prise )usl coinpieje i n?a ji f (Jl,h| between
establishing ?n v. ?ce^, nn0 mow Trent
tne natioas, and I'm rnmnlicitloili anil no moro
aitatrs, no more ","hery comp I( 'As for lhe
crazy t'enian a him-tcir would go without
hsherr comphcattooN he hl^. i|fe Jf ho th0IIg6t
Hah all the da?s )ly reiat|ous between
U would prpruoie 'r'enJ;Jfn,t kuow that Hen
tne two countries. t n-herles" bad,
Biuler would do this, ror ne u? Uvlng ou miHn
but he wouid conten international peace
and molasses lor the sake jo tii<j FogllIJWter
antl rrlt udslitp. 'n se to establish the mails
general r^??"^,wr, t#hC anT unnecessary delay.
on the new road wUhou M.l(wacnu^ctts, one or
toil il ued.lU'U self ^|L/.hui,e,ts institutions, solar
8Ut]ius,'U8 an 1 make some allusions to 1
footling u^eir f ^ton au,rOo.icord, which
ltuuker ill" and wxidbwb ojn,tted. His re-
S.SS hiveVnte t"" I'eetT entKleeJ ?n.l ?lm?
unlvemtll ?^I?5^b<0
sssfSg
IttM
a lhe' audience, and then, iirting up r
mraut, sue walked along the tab.e cloth. She ueei r^
her way succe^sfuikT aronnd tue pyramids oil
&HnwS j
for somebody en the floor told her W ^ge 1
waan jt abashed at this call, lor down fhe got on
the floor. The baby, however, wan i^Jt stan mu
ana m: '=T \st i
coucluMou or tne ceremonies. Us appc?
convulse l the assrmoiaxe wiih l*nghter, an< 'lve
ridiculous what was Intended to be an Imp
Bc'ii^ nie tesiivitb-s lii tne tent occupied an hour
or more, aud except the untortunatc J pntl,rtaiu
alludedlo, were of the most Pleas ng t e^f^t
orWtneUpany 7eu 1" M?ecui tr-m for
SSSS- WW rr unsur*
luituer jouuicativai to-naotr?1**
LITERARY CHIT-CHAT.
LOMQPBLLOW AMD HOLMM I]?V6 OftCfl ft new book
I? tPfc*' !0mo t,Be next year.
Ip tub Hirot'tmoN has done notblns elxt for
Spain, it has siren a wonderful Impulse to the book
trade. A few /ears since two or three booksellers
were eoongti for Madrid; now Uere are half a dozen
In almost ever/ street. The national mind appears
to have waked op to art, science and philosophy,
for the first time Plato has been completely trans
lated Into Spanish. There are multitudes of tratwla
uona of Preach works printed and absorbed at sur
prisingly cheap prices. Vtra VKapafla l
Blackwood wilt publish In December a new novel
by George Eliot, author of "Adam Bede," "Peilx
Holt, the Radical," Ac.
Tub Buochubk of Pkisob NaroLiinv, entitled
"La Verity a tnes Calomniateurs," Is being repub
lished in the Paris journal La /mse.
Tua Athetwrum sayh or Joan Hat's "Pike
County Ballads:"? "We bare had enough of dialect
poems, and, If our transatlantic friends require
more, Mr. Hay should confine himself to their pro
duction; for, with the exception of the pages occu
pied by the Ptke ballads, there la nothing In the
rolnme to call for notice."
Thb a ami journal praises the "Admetos arid
Other Poems1' of Miss Emma Lazarus (a new Ameri
can poet of whom none bare heard), as "lull or
good things, well conceived and written with
artistic skin." ??There is, however, pome thing? and
not much? wanting to oomplete her success and
piace her alongside of the masters."
M. Thiers finds his own curses of press suspen
sions and seizures come home to roost. This speci
men of his opinions Is published apropos of the
seizure of the arelot by the Thiers government for
Its audacity In printing a caricature of Thiers as a
lackey kneeling down before a monster called "the
Constituent, aud whioh Is cleverly compounded of
Napoleon III., the Count de Chambord and the Count
de Paris. "The liberty of the preia," cays M. Thiers,
"affords a channel through whioh the Injured may
challenge his oppressor at the bar of tne nation It
Is the means by which public men may in case of
misconduct be arraigned before their own and sue
ceeding ages; it is the only mode in which oold and
undisguised truth cin proas its way into the cabi
nets of munarchs. The cruelty which would dealin
the ear and extinguish the sight of an Individual
resembles In some similar degree bis guilt who, by
restricting the freedom of the press, would reduce a
nation to the deafness or prejudice and the blind
ness of Ignorance. The downfall of this speclcs of
freedom, as it Is the first symptom of tho decay or
national liberty, has been In a l ages followed by its
total destruction, and it may be Justly pronounced
that they cannot exist separately."
The Mosr extensive lire of Abraham Lincoln
ever prepared Is soon to appear In two rolumes
from the press of J. R. Osgood Co., of Boston. It
Is by Wurd H. Lamon, formerly Lincoln's law
partner lu Spring Jeld, aud later the Marshal or tho
District of Columbia. It will embody, besides a
full biography, such of the State papers, speeches
and letters of Its illustrious subject as are deemed
most worthy of preservation.
In Auukky's Livbs, written by a contemporary
and friend, Sir Philip Sidney is described as being
not only of an excellent wit, but extremely beaatt
rul. "lie much resembled his sister," says our
author, "but his baire was not red, but a little in
clining? viz.: a darke amber colour. IX I were to find
a fault In it, methinks 'twas not masculine enough.
Mr great uncle Browne remembered him, and sard
that he was wont to take his table book out of his
pocket and write down his notions as they came
Into bis bead, when he was writing his 'Arcadia,' as
lie was bunting on our pleasant plains (lu Wilt
shire.")
The same oraphic and quaint writer of the Eliza
bethan age says of ShaScspeare:? "He wad a hand
some, well sbap'l man, very good company and of
a very reddle aud pleasant smooth wit. The humour
of the constable In the 'Midsummer Might's i>reame'
be happened to take at Bucks, which Is the road
from London to Stratford, and tnat constable was
living there about 1042, when I first came to Oxon.
Ben. Jenson and he did gather humours ot men
dally, wherever they come."
Messrs. Cass ell, Pottem Salpin are aboat to
publish a new periodical in London, entitled Tn?
World of Wit and Humor.
Tiik will ok Mr. Kobert Chambers ban been pro
I bated, tbe personal estate ootng estimated at ?43,107.
Miu Saaiuel Smiles' now book la the press Is
entitled "Cliaracter."
Anotuek comic wkii klt (so-called). entitled
Back and White, lias given up tbe ghost in
London.
Mai Hildas' A Co. hare In press a book "on the
origin, Nature and L'ses of Wine," by two compe
tent sclentt tic writers? Urs. Thtuuchum and Dupr&?
wblcb will give us all that la best wortli knowing of
wine-making processes, statistics of production,
cliemlcul analysis of dllTerent varieties, Ac. It
will probably supplant that widely-read book,
"Redding on Modern Wines, an being much more
modern.
The South, ia the title of a new weekly paper
published in New York.
Brown, Jones and Robinson, it is reported,
have lately made a tour of tho Unlteu States, Canada
and Cuba, and an artist bas delineated tbe adven
tures or tbe trio for speedy publication.
Miss Louisa M. Alcutt, lately returned rrom En
rope, Is again very busy with the pen, thousrU a se
vere sufferer from neuralgia.
Some Republished Essays op that eloquent
Jew, Spinoza, have been discovered in t!.e library of
Louvaiti, and will be printed in the Ba;avlan Ga
te: te.
The SafirCtav Review, criticising tiir vtil/ar
rush of all Kngllsh travellers lo spend their holidays
abroad, without ever troubling themselves to view
the beauties of the English lakes and moun
tains, sadly concludes:? "England may yet bo
thought worth knowing by a remnant of her sons,
and ner scenery mav no*, become a sealed book to
all mankind suve the omniscient Herman and tlio
ubiquitous Yankee."
Miss Miimax Cole, author of "Rntledgo," "Tho
Sutherlands" and other novels, has become Mrs.
Sidney 9. Harris, of New York, and will shortly ap
pear In print wlili a new story, entitled ?'Richard
Vandermarck." Scribner A Co. are the publishers.
Miss Frances Cower Coiiue, It Is said (but we
take leave to doubt It), Is th J oniy woman journalist
In London. Mrs. Harriet Martiueau, who used to
write so much In the iHiilv A'ewn. nas become old
and almost blind, as she has long been very deaf.
FOltKIGl PKRSOYU- SS1P.
Kocliefort is going to write a history of Napo
leon III.
Prince Bismarck, It is nald, will visit Italy
this year.
The Empress of tne French Is, according to
latest accounts, completely restored u> health.
Mrs. Max Mullerhas received from tne Em
peror of Germany "l'he Cross of Merit lor Ladles."
Ex-Queen Isabella, or Spain, passed on Sep
tember SO through restli, Hungary, on her way to 1
Constantinople.
Mouseigneur prucnaud, Bishop of Limoges,
has >)Cen named to succeed Arcnulsbop GulUjrt, of
Paris, in the See or Tours.
.General Trochu 1* one of tbe most unpopular
characters in France. His reply to Rocnclort's
letter Is severely condemne.1.
Jules Simon, French Minister of Tnblic In
struction, Will, alter the recess of the Nauoual As
sembly, present a bill on the adoption of a law for
compulsory education.
.The Holy Katner nas sent lo Mmselgneur
Pluym, Vicar Apostolic at Constantinople, the sum
ot i,ooo, ooi. ($muu'i| in aid of tne religious
communities, schools, Ao., in Turkey.
The Bishop of Ghent has just published a pas
toral letter against die International. He describes
tne object oi that association as the abolition of re.
ligion, property, hereditary rights, laniily ana coun
try.
The Duke d'Aumaie, says the f,v/io rt<> I'Aurois,
has lust visited the Valley of Eooisnes. He was re
ceived at rue station of Montbard i>f M. de l.atineau,
and msde a short stay at Bard, Epolsses, Buurbiliy
ami soutiey.
The Kind of Bavaria baa conferred on the
Queen of the Belgians and on the Princess Imperial
ol (iortuany it tie Crown Princess of England) the
Grand Cordon oi the order Instituted for and giveu
to the wounded In 1870-7L
The French Minister of War has published a
decree appointing a military commission to in
vestigate tne conduct ot tho generals and ottlcers
wno signed the surrenders to the enemy in the late
war. Marshal Baraguoy d'Ullliera u President of 1
tuo coiauil**loa?
I 0 I -p.
STUDIO NOTES.
Til* artists an trooping back to their long-de
sorted studios, driven from the pleasant nooks la
tlie country, which tbe rude autumn winds are
?tripping or their leafy glories. Home enthusiast!))
students rerused to desert tnelr post until the last
golden leaf haa fallen, but oven these will soon be
forced to return to the work-a-day world. How
ever much the/ mar regret the fairy haunts in the
wooda and the murmuring brooklets, they will
And aome condensation In reproducing on canvw.
for the benefit of their friends and the public, those
beauties which charmed their atudlous leisure.
J. W. Hart haa returned richly laden with animal
sketches carefully elaborated for future use. A
lundBcape near Ellzabctbtown, N. Y., at present oc
cupies his attention, and Is the flrst fruit of hia
summer studies. The scene is delightfully cool and
pleasant, and Is in Mr. Hart's beat manner. Over a
quiet, tranquil brook a number of cattle are passing
homewards iroin pasture, auil immediately behind
them rise some graceful American elms. One
of the trees in the foreground, which la moat
advanced, has been painted very carefully and
exhibits wonderful detail in execution
as well as delicate feeling in the
drawing. Tbe lines are grace! ul and the dto
tri buttons of tbe branches natural and effective,
while roundness and solidity have been imparted to
the trunk. Over tbe whole scene there is an Ar
cadian quiet, (tie twilight tones are aubdnen, and
oonvey well the impresaivoness of the peaceful
evening tune. MnedecorA Oo. are about to publish
a large photograph of Mr. Hart's large pointing,
"Under the Elms The photographs will be colored
bv a water color process whien will reproduce,
with remarkable truth, tho colors of the original
painting.
J. II. l.azaru.i is at work upon a number of por
traits woidi are capital! r treated. A portrait of
Mr. Natnan .Haihows. ot boston, displays oouaider
abie power.
Wakeman Holburton devotes himself almost ex
clusively io animal painting, and has employed the
summer in making svuiites o( sheep, dogs, Ac. Mr.
holburton is also an authority upon uout, wilb
whose beauty aud habita ho is thoroughly convex
sant. He is at present working on a trout study.
Mr. La wrie spout his summer wandering Mtrough
tho Ad irond ticks, and brings ba> k a uuniber of in
teresting sketches. None ot them are In snlll
clently lorwatd slate to be noticed. A monk play
ing a violoncello oilers a good example ot Air. Law
rle's manner in gri<re pawning.
8. Coleman shows more enterprise than most
01 his letlow artists, and bas opened up a region
whicti Is rich lu ptctureauue subjects. Leaving the
old, beaten path, Mr. Colem n ventured Into New
Mexico and tell among the arrirroa, who carry on
tue tratUc of mis wild region much in the style of
the puinarchs. Mr. Colemau Is engaged painting
an ambitious picture of a iretirht train drawn by
bullocks ami-passing ovor an urtd plain. 8o far the
artist has succeeded in catcnlng the spirit of the
scene, but the work is not lar enough advanced to
allow us io pronouuee upon Its u.er.ts.
Julie H. Lures has been away among her favorite
ferns, painting delightful little bits ol woodland,
quaint leJtoons of woodbine, with thegracerul luiruu
twining over and around stroug branches, wnicn
seem pleased with the labor of sustaining their deli
cate eucumbranue-i. Some of the latter autumn
sketches display remarkable delicacy aud brilliancy
in the colors, aud will, no doubt, grow Into charm
ing pictures under Mrs. Juhe Burea' hand.
M. I'', de Haas lias completed his large picture of
"A Pra.ver Meeting on the Coast of New Kngliiud."
It appears on exhibition in Ooupll'a gallery.
W uliaiu de Haas Das completed a uuuiiier of smalt
paintings from the Isle ol bhoals -among them a
very pretty Hcetie, wnich the artist calls -'Clearing
Oir." The sea in the distauce is calm,
but tbe loug, heavy waves resulting from the lata
agitation are rolling in and breaking in clouds o(
white spray agamat the dark rocks. The scene la
quiet and romautio. "Ou tho Coast ot Maine" pre
aeuts us with a view of Agameutlcus HUis, seen in
the distance from the sea- The clear, bluo sky la
reflected in the water, and Imparts to it a deep blua
tinge. The stillness ol the scene Is broken by the
dashlug ot the waves on the shore.
V an Klten has returned rrom Europe, but haa not
yet got into working order.
Mr. tiuy, who haaTbeeu i? conscientiously labor
ing on lua "K.noi In the bkeln," has at laat com
pleted this excellent study of arttllclal light, and
haa succeeded in produclug a picture remarkably
perfect lu ton*. Tbe painting ol the young glrla'
drese is a (our do Jorcn, and is superior to many of
the best examole* of Van Scliendel and other
Belgian artists who devote themselves to the treat
ment of this class of subjects.
INCENDIARY FIRE IN BYHACUoE.
STBALUaa. N. Y., Oct. 19. 1871.
Public school building No. 7, one of the largest In
the city, accommodating nearly one thousand pu
pils, was destroyed by Are this evening. Losa
about $12,000; insured for $M*>. The Ore waa
doubtless the work of an Incendiary. A colored
Sri, thirteen rears old, now under arrest, confrn-.es
having attempted to Ore the bnllding laat even
ing by means of a blanket saturated with petro
leum.
VIEWS OP TH3 PAST.
OCTOBKR 20.
18U0? Prince of Wales left Portland, Maine, for Enj*
land.
1827 Naval batt leof Navartno: the fleet of Turkey
ann.hilatod t>j the allied fleets of England,
France and Kuwuh.
1815? A tremendous hurricane In Jamaica, Went
Indies; the Island was deluged, hundreds ol
houses were swept away and a thousand per
sons were drowned.
THE WEEKLY HERALD.
The Clicnprat nnd Best Nvwnpi-per In tba
Country.
The Weekly Herald of the prosent week, now
ready, contains the very latest News by tele
graph from All I'artj of the World up to the
hour or publication, together with the full
particulars of the Great Fire In Chicago and the
Terrible Devastation by Firo and Tornado in the
Northwest; Hurricanes and Floods in Nova Scotia
aud the Eastern states; Details of the Recapture ol
a Gloucester Fishing Schooner from the Dominion
Government; Execution of Janes Wilson, at Hart
ford; the Ku Klux Beliclllon in south Carolina. It
also contains the latest news by telegraph from
Washington; Political, Literary, Artistic, Religious
andSportinn Intelligence; Obituary Notices; Chrono
logical; Facetia;; Editorial Articles on the promi
nent topics or the day; Our Agricultural Budget;
Reviews of the Cattle, Horse, Dry Goods and Bool
and Shoe Markets; Financial and Commercial In
telligence, and nccounts of all the important and
Interesting events of the week.
Trkms:? Single subscription, $2; Three copies, fS;
Five copies, $8; Ten copies, $i:>: single copies, tlva
cents each. A limited number of advertisements
inserusd in the Weekly Ukk.w.k.
A.? Fop n .?tyll*h ttml Fl-xnn But On 1)1*
reel to the manufacturer, B8PENBClIlKr>, IIS Kuiu at.
A.? Herring's Piitent
CHAMPION SACKS,
&>1 tlrj vl?*y, i; >r nr V irrtf nro
A.? riinloii'n New Perfumes,
"1 LOVE Y>nJ"
and "WUITE ROdB."
A.? For a Htyllah nnd F.leaaat nnf, at
popular price*, go to DOUGAN, 102 Naaaau atrwet, corner o I
Ann.
A.? T!i? Rent Place In New York to Day Boole
an l Shoe* itood article* moderate price*.
MILLER A Ctt. Union Square.
Ask Orornn A. Hunter, 990 Bowery.? One
botu* or waFts* nervous antidotk cured utm ol
aever* rbeumatiam.
Bntrhelor's Hnlr Dvr? Tin' Baaf In tbs
world the only perfect Jye barmleaa, reliable, luatautaneoiaa.
At ail drujtflata.
Oiatndoro's Hair Dve lias no Equal la tha
world Hli theaatoat an l moat ral labia o' an/, Hot! every
where.
Duvld'i Fall Htjrle of Hat for Uentlentca.?
Saiearoom ttroadway, near Duaneatreet.
Furniture nnd Carpets at Very I.aw Prices
for c?a;i, or payment* taken by e.iay matal.-nenta, at B. M.
UOWPliRTllWAll'S, 155 Chatham atrtet, New Vurt.
.?!,1?t,:rA.11 nrvr ?*r Oaata, Bora
and Youth, at moderate price*.
AKNOC1C a CO., 5i? Broadway.
It Natten Mule te Knox What Palltlflal
eonrentuina do that doe* not alter the fact that bis Hate
are al waya faulUeaa In ahape, a* well aa euperiur In make.
Broadway, corner Kulton atreet.
Wlaier Evenlacn.? SJO Billiard Table.
Jw1 "1 k*"* 1 'lUiok rubber cuahloua. Diagram
free) AKBoT A NICHOLLs, 98 Liberty street, New York.
Mr. ?>e<-ry, 3.13 En at Mevenr y-fnarth etree*.
2,r^Uof.cbr"1L' be.idacbe, 10 year*' ataudlatf, by WATt'B*
NfcHVOLS ANTIDOTE.
"Pike*.* Toothnrhe llre?V' Care In Owe Min
ute. -HILL'S 1 1 .VI II DVE. black or brown, only 50 oaata.
Royal Havana Lottery.? The HlTkeat Kate*
paid for Dnu;>looia, all kind* of iJ<S I au t SUrer.
TAYLOR A CO., Banner*. IS Wall ur.tet, New fort
The New Dlslnfeetanr, iironto-t hloralnns,
oon-pol*onmui and .xiorleae, deetmye all dtaafreeaMe o-lora
and prevenu contagion. Prepared only by TILDKM A CO.,
176 William ?Ur*et, New York. Sold by druggists.
The Wilson Shuttle Mewln? Machine? The
beat an t obe.?jw?et .1rat elaai mauinne* in tlx w ui<t prtoe
IruaAOWJl.^. 8-uy Utowtli)