m1 0 RELIZF COLLECTION.
The severest a. most hopeless sufferers by the
fire tn Chicago wore 18 artists. An Academy of Art
had recently boo: a*ablished in the city, sod under
the stimulus of wealth and taste a spirited and prom
4sing school of artis was growing up. Their annual
ality, and the public spirited citidens with just pride
100! f decided and
couraged theil Lative talent with liberal orders
po kindly appreciation. Dut the fire put an end to
oll this. Not only Jud the artists of Chicago lose
most of their preducticrs in the flames that de
gtroyed their si wis and their Academy, but
they saw swept oul existence in a night their
entire field of Jab: 1. ‘I bere is no money fn Chicago
to-dsy to buy pict ies; it will be long before there
js any. Many of ilove nitists who on the 8th of Oc
tober looked forwe.ni v ith confidence to a career of
cougenial and pr! tubio work, now find themselves
confronted by uct oJ wart. The artists of New
York, moved by cenerous sympathy for their un
fortunate brethr i: of Lie Wet, have Liberally con
tributed of thelr ew Pr ducting for their relief.
The collection nue for this purpese 1s to-day open
to the public at the ai tion TOUINS of Leavitt Co.,
in Astor-place. Tue entire collection, which in
cludes some excell nT icturea, will be sold on Thure
day evening, the 1th. al we hope the result may
at once carry copsclaion t0 (‘hicago and encourage
ment to the studios of New-York.
THE (ATLIS GALLLRY.
ion of po:tinifts avd sketches unique in
dan on aIrlition 1100 Somers ite
Fifth-. oe. Mr. George Catlin bas in
Sy in tis hall hi ollectio of
hes of the abingiin! thes America, and no
BY omit a vit 1 tiis1emarkable gallery.
It was the intention of I1'z9¢, in his Comédie Hu
maine, to give so con pliten) ietnre of French society
in the nineteenth century that if all other literature
ceased to exist, an exact pi esentation of the life and
manners of the aze could be gained from that work.
A plan so gigantic wis, «f course, impossible of ao
complishment, but even this colossal fragment is the
most consideruble ntribmtion ever made to philo
sophical fiction. The plan which Mr. Catlin
forty years ago propos: d to himoelf was of the same
sweeping character, though fur more practicable. He
pesolved to preserve, is fur as it was possible, the
faces, forms, costumes. and manners of the vanish
fog races of America, so that when the extinction
which threatened them kal overtaken them, the
world could at least know from his pictures what
manner of wen they were, The plan, though ambi
tions and audacious, was not altogether
visionary; for, uficr all. the number of tribes
wae not very great, and their habits and
customs were far eagicr to seize and delineate than
those of our complex civilization. He went cour
ageously about his work,and for fourteen years, living
constantly amoug the savage tribes of the two con
tineuts, pursued it with a passionate devotion. The
result 18 to be seen nt Somerville Gallery. The col
Jection embraces 60 oil paintings, containing 470
portraits and more than 2J,000 figures of the Indians
of the two Americas.
It will be impossible in these eolnmns to give even
s classification of so vast a variety of sketches.
Bat, large as the collection is, there is very little
repetition, very few dupicates. It is a most in
structive page of pictorial history. Already the pre
vision of the artist has been proved by the facts,
and some of the most interesting tribes have already
ceased to exist. The group of Keokuk and Black
Hawk” has already gained a high historical in:
terest, with the extinction of their families and the
dispersion of their tribes. The four days’ religions
ceremonies of the Mandaus are in tbe highest de
gree interesting and important in view of their close
relations with the  self-torturers of the
Oriental sects. These ceremonies have
utterly ceased with the disappearance o
the tribes which practiced them, tha
ertain Indian experts bave accused Mr. Catlin of
foventing them—a charge which be readily dis
proved by the evidence of intelligent pioneers and
euch scourate observers as Humboldt and Neuwied.
No.2 18 a singular sketch of Chicago as it was
when Mr. Catlin tirst visited that Sifu group of
Winnebagoes dancing on the grass. and only three
houses by the lakeside. No. 234 is a portrait of one
of those supard Crow warriors who bave long since
vanished. He is oiling bis long black bair, which
peaches like a borse-tail bauner to the ground and
trails there for several feet. Very carious, also, is
the portrait of Eltono, a chief of the Apaches, who
after long persuasion consented to stand for his pic
tare. He came to the artist surrounded by his wives
sod retainers, and threw his rich vestments
around among them until he stood baked, or only
clad in his was-paint. “Paint me!” he shouted to
Mr. Catlin; “my clothes can be seen always, but I
shall pass away!” Ome of the most characteristic
sketches is that of the Mach-e-0-a, or Dance of
Beauty, with which the artist was favored by the
Chief of the Gooagives of Venezuela. Three young
girls, dressed in a severely simple costume of brace
lots and silver hair-pins, their red limbs whitened
with pipe-clay to resemble statues, are dancing on a
carpet of tiger-skins in the fresh morning light on
the prairie, and form a pretty enough group of South
American graces. There is one bit of savage satire
in the picture of a Crow Chief on his way to Wash
ington, and the same personage on his way back.
The first picture is full of dignity and
even beauty. It is bard to oonceive of a
more impressive costume than that superb one of
furs and feathers. But the portrait of the unfor
tunate chief after his visit to the Great Father is
to grotesque for caricature, and is evidently true.
He wears a full colonel’s uniform, given him by
Jackson, the sword drags between his groggy legs,
a bottle of whisky protrudes from his pocket, s
black hat disgraces his head, and a cigar slants row.
dily toward bis eyebrow. This is what civilization
hae dope and is doing for these picturesque savages
We should be very grateful to Mr. Catlin that he
caught them before they began to look like Cauca
sian loafers, and to dress themselves from the slop
shops of the Pale-face.
u
in
Dr. Charles C. Foote, who died in New
Hoven on the 9th inst., of hemorrhage, was, in his pro
fession and general repusation, far above mediocrity.
He was a native of Jawnestown, N. Y., and a son of the
Hon. B. T, Foote, a promiuent physician of Chautauqua
County and for very many years first judge of that county.
The eard of Webb Huestis, commission
brokers in stocks, &c., seems sufficiently ordinary and
commonplace; but when ft is known that the semior
PArtaer ts none other than “John Paul,” there will be
Dertann liga reader of hia lotieks who vil hope that
well with the ge oker, an e
tort et to Fares his Lopes. e
o eorge Thompson, the venerable champion
lisp oni sfter long confinement by resson of 1l
Was able 10 attend the recent meeting of the Social
by t0o0 Congress of Great Britain, and to deliver two
Poche, ¥hich Oued the a0gyehes to great ota.
behalf theae ndependent, was In
halt ot Sue ill remitiing. the restraint of the sale of
Dinas. the other a denunciation of the Contagious
creat 4 ot. He is residing in New-Leeds, a suburb of the
red thulacturing town of Leeds. The sabsoriptious
oe, io the Testimonial Vand, matted among Lis
n amon
helpio he, Te America in bis honor.” 8
WEATHER REPORT.
I
WAR DRPARTMENT,
Orgies OF THE Hy reed HianAL ovrice,
ASHINGTOX, Nov, 19731 Pp. wm.
Inobeis Tor the peal Moenme rs .aon—1 P.
HO Wasn Tne x. Ney Vimar gnc,
HINGTOX, Nov. 13, 19711 p. w.
Synopels for Lhe past toenty-four hours.
The ares of high which was Satur
Y afternoon eemtral in Oblo and is now ever
weathar nave ‘pot a the Middle ie ulid dient
Blatoy; taling Bercemater sod cloudy weather follow in
$a rear, and ap ares of low pressure and rain extends
from Lonisians to Minnesota. In suntheasterly
Finds provall over the latter recion on Upper
Laks, dod northerly winds on the and 0 Ld
Probabilities.
The barometer wilt y continue Mgh with clear
a i ro nieht. by cloudy weather on Mon
day in the Eagtern States. Cloud and rain
ry vey ae over tbe Mississippi Valley ang
sestward the Valley and Luke Huron; in.
south-onsterty winds on Lake Michigan to
Right Bsre, dangerous winds ure uot aulicipated.
Warning Signals Orda,
ary mguals are ordered for evening af
Chisago and Mil waukes.
I''NE ARTS.
eo e—
et
PERSONAL.
a
LIN Di TT
The following table contains the latest re
turns and closest estimates obtainable of the wajorities
in the several counties. In many oounttes it will be
found, when the vote is published, that the full Repub
lican strength has not been called out. The aggrogate
vote, oitside of New-York and adjoining counties, will
fall short many thousands of that polled in 1870. If the
election were to be held over again to-morrow itis
probable that Scribuer’s majority, without much effort,
could be doubled
C Lautanqua.....
Chenango.......
Clinton..... “tees
Cortlaund......
Delaware........
Dutchess........
2,800
6,000
1.600
276
1,50
1,080
2,446
Munroe. sas ane ce
000 ees v
v
Orange......
Orleans
Oswego
Otsego.
Putnam
St. Lawrence.
1019
1,280
2,198
160 «u

EY Myrian Ir
F
6,000 To
Estimated majority for Scribner, 15,052. Majority for
in 1870 29 NAR
Baratoga......
Schenectady 20
Counties. For Beribwer.|
Bchuyler...... 39
Stenben.......... 1,250
Buffolk...... ene UM
MIORH, eescicones 1,000
Tompkins. esx 1,200
Uisiefeees crrees U0
Watren...... wes S08
Washington. 9,337
Wayne. 1,652
Westchester 000
Wyoming 1,480
1 PR €3,124
Democratic.
Counties. For Willers.
Albany, 1,29
Chemung. 324
Columbia. 3
Greene 400
Hamilton 200
Kings... 10,408
New-York 28,774
USeeus. 644
nsselaer 300
Richmond 172
Rockland 2:9
Schoharie 1,200
Seneca... 4
Sullivan $50
Allegany. 2,000
Broome esse siues 1,200
Cattaraugus 1,800
Tesune Srereee 1,150
Frauklin
Fulton....
Genesee.
Herkimer
Jefferson
Lewis.
Livingston
200
ET “ow
CHOI econ enee 1,900 tee
Onondaga....... 2,478
1,100
{al...... 45,042
For the first time since the formation of the
Republican party every town in Suffolk County has given
a majority for the Republican ticket, and elected every
county officer on the ticket. The following are the
majorities by towns for Secretary of State, Benator, and
A aaatrihlvrenra yn
ISTHE NEW BOARD LEGALLY ELECTED 1—DETER
MINATION OF THE OLD BOARD TO CONTEST
THE POINT.
Considerable discussion has been elicited in
political circles by the expressed determination of the
present Common Council of this city to refuse to recog
nize the new Common Council elected last Tuesday.
The Board of Aldermen has already held several meetings
to deliberate on the best means to attain their object,
and with one exception ite members appear unamimonsly
determined to resist removal. Tuis exception is Alder
map Edward Welch, who has issued the following:
To the Editor of The Tribune.
fIR: As there is likely to be some confusion in the
pubde mind relating to the next Bourd of Aldermen of
thas city, I desire to state publicly what my course shall
be. The term of office for which 1 was elected Alderman
expires on the first Monday of January, 1872, at 12 o'clock
peou. My name was among the list of cundiaates for
Aldermen on the regular Dewocratic ticket voted at the
last election. IT Iam officially declared elected I shall
expeot to take my seat for the new term, and under no
ofher circumstances shall I do so. I do not recoguize
the right of the Legislature to extend or abridge the
term of any incumbent of an elective office neither do I
acknowledge 1ts right to dclegate the power to any
official to appoint persons to till whatsuould be and
swiways have been elective otfices. Haviog always been,
snd expecting always to be, Democrat, I cannot
acquiesce in the anti-Democratic docwrine of legislating
persons iuto or out of office. I further hold tuat sng
charter for this or any other city should be submitted,
Letore its adoptiow, to the people who ure to be goverued
by it EDWARD WELCH,
Alderman of City of New-York,
The history of the present Common Council 18 as fol
lows: In April, 1870, Hall, Sweeny, Tweed and Connolly
caused the passage of the present city charter, by one
of the provisions of which the Common Council elected
in December, 1869, was legislated out of office. This was
partly in retaliation against the majority in that body
for having sustained the Young Democracy, and partly
that the Ring might appoint a set of figure Leads at
$4,000 a year each, who would not interfere with the sway
of Tweed Co. The new charter provided that there
ehon!d be a Board of Aldermen, consisting of fifteen
members, to be eolected on a general ticket, and
a Board of Assistant Aldermen, which should
consist of one member from each Assembly District
This election was to be on the third Tuesday in May.
These Councilmen were entirely shornof th epower pos
sessed by their predecessors, and were to hold office from
the first Monday of June, 1870, to the first Monday in
January, 1872. Another passage in the act declared that
Aldermen and Assistant Aldermen elected in the gen
eral election in November, 1871, and annually thereafter,
at every succeeding general election, shall take office at
noon on the first Mouday of January in each aud every
year following tueir election.” At the last sese!in of
the Legislature the Ring, yg its agents, passed an
sct extending the terms of the Boards of Aldermen one
ear longer, causing them to expire in January, 1873, and
f is upon this extension that the present fucuwbents
rely.
Alderman Coman, for the past five years President of
the Board, states that he has uo doubt but that the pres
ent Boards will continue in office. He believes that the
Pastas of the extension clause referred to gives them
legal tenure of office which cannot be abrogated, not
withsranding the fact that she Court of Appeals has de
cided that the Legislature bas no coustitutional power
to extend the term of an elective officer. Mr, Coman fur
ther states that there was no notice issued for an elec
tion of Aldermen, and that there is no law whereby any
provision for an‘election of these officers at the recent
election was made, as the section providing for such an
election this Autumn was repealed. He also argues that
it the extension clause be unconstitutional, then the
Mayor, as the head of tbe local goverument, has
the sole power of appointment. Mr Coman states that
the Mayor has promised to recog: “.e ouly the present in
cumbents, and that upon OfFaiiziug for the Shing year
be will receive the Committee only from their vard,
and will transmit his message only to them. Also, that
the Common Council never coutempluted the 1mpeach
ment of the Mayor. On Tuesday next they will meet as
a Board of County Canvassers, and whether they recog
‘nize the legality of the Aluermanic ballots or not, witl
Sanvase thei in the presence of all who may choose to
atten:
The new Board of Aldermen is understood to consist of
the Jolion ing members Peter Gilsey, Jenkins Van
Behaick, Willam Joyce, Solomon Melrbach, Wm. Radde,
Michae) Carroll, James Fitzgerald, Samuel B. H. Vance,
John Falconer, Alexander Martin. John Cochrane, Jas.
McLaren, Alexander Wilder, Daniel D. Conover, and
Bryan Reilly. Gen. Cochrane holds that there can be no
question of the Jogulity of the recent election. The ex
tension of an elective office had been declared {illegal by
the Court of Appeals, so that the Common Council could
not legally hold over until 1873, and tue election of the
new Hoard rested on the section of the act of 1570, which
provides for the election of the Boards of Aldermen at
the regular election in November. Both sides promise to
hold out, and there is every indication of an iuteresting
le xnl coutroversy.
re
THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES AT WORK—
DERELICT POLICEMEN—~—HOW THE OFFEAND
ERS CAN BE PROSECUTED.
~The Special Committee appointed to dis
cover and bring to punishment the culprits guilty of
fraud at the late election in Brooklyn took the testimony
of a number of witnesses on Saturday. The proceedings
of the Committee are secret, but it is rumored that evi
dence has been obtained which will lead to the arrest of
at least five Inspectors of Election, and upon which the
returns from several districts will be thrown out. The
Committee appointed at the Academy of Music meeting
will begin operations this evening in the Directors’
room of the Academy, by organizing and appointing
sub-committees, which will at ence take in Land the
work to which they are assigned.
The election returns st Police Headquarters are still
incomplete, and the result will therefore remain in doubt
uutil the official canvass is completed. The returns from
the IVth District, Twenty-first Ward, reported missing
in Baturday’s TmIBUNEJ were found lying under a desk
in the City Clerk's office, on the morning of that day.
The clerksithink, ‘or say, thut some one entered the office
during the night, by mesns of false keys, ané replaced
tue returns. No eme knows whe took them away, and
all profess to be ignorant as te who brought thew back.
The Police Commissioners have expressed their deter
sminstion to punish the officers who bave been derelict In
thelr duty st the polls, and ask the citisens to report to
them at hosdquartary soy cle of misconduct. Sou
sioner Brigas says: policeman ru
or mtesfered ia any bry with the olan on dct day,
I want to kaow if, the man be punished. The
2a to their duties af ng Sisson, snd hold
them responsible. I the aitizeng Will Teport these
men at once.” Bev complaints have already been
made, and It is probable that others will follow. The
Committee of Five ask that all Inspectors who are willing
to give information of fraud st the election will come be
Joie them st No. 38 Court-st. this morning aud make affi
it.
Tue “Ring masters are unable to conceal thelr alarm
at the turn wffairs ave (akou, They expueiod thut tho
indiguation meeting ol tue Aviduing ou Felday eveniug
an fale, or thigh tuck lols would suc ced
POLITICAL.
NEW-YORK STATE.
rite LATEST RETURNS.
SUFFOLK COUNTY.
a tn
SEC. OF STATE. SENATOR. ASSTMBLY.
Towns. Scribner, Dee, Marcy.
Fast Hampton......... 82 ol 79
South Hampton. 352 813 3x2
Shelter lsland.... «sr. 571 54 b7
Sento. eee ervicrnee YY $7 24
Riverboat, c.ccee eres 159 168
Brookhaven ow 13 53 68
YSNiBcresescreenerence ees IT 242 2.3
Huntington............ 18 172 27
BithtOWh. ceva nenes os 53 67 49
Tota! majorities... 974 1,48 1,150

THE ALDERMANIC SITUATION.
BROOKLYN ELECTION FRAUDS.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIMUNE, 'MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1871

in breaking Wed, but in Both they were Qisappotated.
of the leaders now confess that the Brooklyn
is about to collapes, and that Shel mnt stand
from under or go Mayor Kalbfielach and
the Reformers’ Committee are denounced by the “Ring,”
and prominent Democrats who appeared ai the ludigua
tion meeting are declared te be traitors to the party,”
as {ar as Boss McLaughlin controls it,

As regurds the Pre of the Board of Supervisors
Sting 44 a Board of Canvassers, Judge Reynolds thinks
that Board canonly sot ig a ministerial capacity, and
that they have no power to” go behind the returns, but
mnst scocept them 8s foey are, the only remedy against
outrages on the ballot-box belug for an injured candi
date te begin proceedings by 8 writ of quo warranio,
sompelling the eC he evidenoe  Jrovin tho in
on BE Fifi the office. The Board, he thinks, can
afford no ef, and can prescribe no punishment, and
cannot be supposed to cxercise judicial authority. The
remedy agalnst the crime of fraudulent votiug nnd re
praung lies with the District Attorney, and it rests with
m to hunt out and punish the offenders. A similar
opinion Is expressed by Judze Barnard and Corporation
Counsel Dewiit.
THE COMMITTEE OF FIFTY.
The Committee of Fifty appointed at the Rink meeting
to Investigate the frauds in the City and County asconnts,
held an executive session at No. 365 Fulton-at., last Fri
day evening. A committee of five were appointed to
draw up a platform and report a lst of officers to the
Cowmittee at a weeting on Tuesday evening,
ee.
The Passaic County Board of Canvassers
met on Baturday, and returned the following Republican
majorities Walsh, 819; Blauvelt (County Clerk), 954;
Assemblymen—McDonolds, 231 Hemingway, 206 Torbet,
369; Coroners—Denholm, 1,110; Berry, 948, The City of
Paterson gives iWalah 560, Blauvelt 605, Denholm 727
and Berry, 780 majority. Dr, Quin (Dem.) was elected
Coroner by a majoriry of 85,
The Essex County Board of Canvasaors declare the
official Majoriiice as follows Parker, 626 majority Peck
well, 120; Republican Coroners, 1,427.
Tue Hudson County Board of Canvassers canvassed
the returns from the various cities and towmships with
the following resnlt: For Governor—Joel Parker Dem.)
10,240; Cornelius Walsh (Rep.), 7,181: Parker's majority,
8,089. For senator—Joln KR. McPherson (Dein), 9,785;
James H. Fielder (Rep.), 7,613; McPherson's majority,
2,122.
The official returns give the following Democratic
majorities for Bergen County: Parker, 230; Lydecker
(~tate Senator), 88; Assemblymen-Van Riper, 24; Hop
per, 28; Coroners—Burns, 105; Zabriskie, 126; Garrison,
116. David Pell (Kepublican)’ was elected sheriff by a
majority of 12.
rt en
HOW GEN. SCHENCK WAS COUNTED OUT.
THE NOTORIOUS “PETE” SCHWAB STUFFED A
BALLOT-BOX AT THE CONGRESS ELECTION
IN 1870.
Nobody has forgotten the indignation of the
houest Republicans of Ohio, last year, at the exclusion
of the votes offered by the disabled soldiers of the Dayton
Home, and the consequent defeat of Gen. Bchenck by a
majority of 63 returned for Lew. D. Campbell. It now
appears that Gen. Schenck was really elected without
the soldiers’ vote, and that Campbell's apparent major
ity was the result of ballot-box stuffing in the Second
Ward of Hamilton by the notorious “Pete” 8chwab,
against whom aun fndictmeut has been found.
In the ward where the fraud was perpetrated three
candidates were running at the municipal election of
1871 for the office of Councilman—a Republican, Cole, a
Democrat, and Potter, who was nominated on a “Citi
zens ticket, Schwab, who was one of the Judges of
Election, favored Potter, and during the election it was
reported that he was putting votes for Potter into the
ballot-box. When Cole heard of this, he personally
charged Schwab with it, and this led to loud words ana
even blows. Mutual friends interfered, and the matter
was hushed up. Cole was elected, and after the vote was
announced, not only repeated his charges, but added
that at the October eloction in 1870 similar frauds were
committed, and by the rame man, Some Republicans who
heard these stories induced Cole, after Congress had dis
posed of the case, to go before a Justice of the Peace
and make two affidavits, one that Schwab stuffed the
ballot-box at the municipal election of 1871, and the other
that he was guilty of the same offense at the Congress
election of 1870. On these afidavits Schwab was arrested,
“and gave bail, but before a hearing of the case was had
Cole had been bought off, and withdrew his charges.
But the Republicans who had taken an interest in the
case wero not disposed to let the matter rest, and, having
learned who the witnesses iu the case were, caused
Schwab's arrest for violating the United States election
law, The witnesses summoned were Cole, Andrews,
Sheriff of the County, and Nickel, editor of the Degno
cratic journal at Dayton. Bchwab’s attorneys first en
deavored to have the case continued, and, failing in that,
waived an examination, thinking that by this means
they would prevent any of the testimony being heard.
But the Commissioner desired some data upon which to
fix the amount of the dail bond, and therefore decided to
hear a portion of the testimony. Echwab’s attorneys
blustered, insulted the court, and, at length, when they
fouud that the Commissioner was determined to hear
the testimony, left,
The facts divulged were breifly as follows: Sheriff An
drews saw Mr. 8, standing by the ballot-box when the
lis elosed, In his one hand he held something look
like tickets; the other held the lid of the opau box;
the contents of the one hand were swiftly oirptied futo
the box, the other hard closed the box with a snap.
Schwab noticed that Andrews observed the movement,
and after explaing to Andrews, and saying that the
number of tickets put in was 62 or 63, Andrews enjoined
the strictest secrecy. This took place in the room where
the ballots had been voted during the day.
Nickel walked home with Behwab immediately after
the polis closed. On the way Schwab explained to Nickel
what he had done, and requested him to have the same
thing done at the Fourth Ward polls. Nickel was in
crednlous,” to use Lis own expression, when Peter told
him if he could not credit his statement to ask Hob
Andrews who saw me do it.” After supper the ballots
were counted. At this time Cole came in, and observed
mysterious movements on the part of Schwab, who had
possession of the box. In taking out the ballots
he arranged them in four convenient piles
straight Republican, straight Democratic, mixed
Republican and mixed Democratic. Cole noticed that
Schwab frequently carried his hand in his coat pocket,
and Schwab explained to Cole that his hand was exceed
ing weary with much handling of tickets, and it sought
lis pocket for needed rest. Cole was surprised, and
Behwab finally asked him if he “sees how it 1s done,” and
on Cole answering affirmatively, Bchwab cautioned him
to say nothing to no man. The tickets Androws saw
Mr. B. put in the box were Campbell tickets
the tickets Cole saw Lim withdraw were
schenok tickets. To make the JoiScke cor
respond with the ballots, a number equal to those he put
in must be withdrawn; the confusion incident to the
clos ng of the polls gave him the opportunity to put
them the position he took while counting them out
gave him ample facilities to transfer to his pocket an
equal number; and to the testimony of the one who
saw him put them in, and to that of the other who
saw him fake them out, we have Schwab's acknowledg
ment to Nickel that he did actually put them in.
Ou this evidence Behwab was heid to await the actiom
of the U. 8. Grand Jury, which has now indicted him.
After the evidence before the U. B. Commissioner be
came public, the Grand Jury of Butler County also
found a similar indictment agatont Bchwab for violating
the Btate Election law. It now looks as though Col.
Campbell may vet lose his seat in Congress.
a
FURTHER ELECTION RETURNS—POLITICAL COM
PLEXION OF THE LEGISLATURE.
Jackson, Nov. 11.—Safficient returns have
have been received to indicate with certainty the politi
cal complexion of the Legislature. The House of Repre
sentatives will have 61 Republicans, 63 Democrats, and
two Independents. The Benate will have 24 Republicans
and 12 Democrats. The last Senate stood 26 Republicans
and seven Democrats; the last House, 85 Republicans
and 22 Democrats. Gov. Aleorn will shortly resign, and
turn the office over to Lieut.-Gov. Powers. Gov.
Alcorn goes to the United States Senate in December.
—I——
The vote of Marshpee, Mass., is the same as
last year, for the Republican candidate for Governor
and none for pay other,
The London Times closes an editorial article
fall of misinformation on the subject of American
politics, by anticipating with astisfaction the election
of Gen. Grant to a second term of office.”
While Mr. Scribner, for Secretary of State,
has 2,337 majority in Washington County, Barkley, Re
publican candidate for Canal Comumisslouer, has 2,676,
and Mr. Baker, for Senator, 3,086.
William C. Coon, the most popular Demo
erat in Schuyler County, was chosen 10 the Assembly
last year by ¢86 majority. This ear, Harmon L. Greg
ory, i fg has kn him by 64 votes.
The Cincinnati Commoner, which is an en
thusiastic Democratic journal of the ultrs “Resolutions
of '98"” type, neminstes les O’Couor for the Presl
deney, coarse with reference to
EE
Mr, Duncan Griffin of Warren County, whe
Indusiricaly ouenplod a font qont In the lk Lp 00,
and voted for all Tammen measures, has ast waked
to find Mimseif defeated tor another joseph Wood.
ward, Rop., having mecived a majority of 453.
For the first time in the history of Maussa
chusetts, n German has been elected member of the
Hous of Repressntatives. There have bu rhe
re ena yt and 15. Bolo, 1s the frst
Townsend D. Cock, Democrat, has 864 ma
jority for Senator from the lat District (Queens, Rich
and Snfielk Coun the Kepublicsds ROW
ond, nd a Co ta one Who saccesdsd
iu oarrying the pominating Convention they could have
easily elected him.
Several papers in the interior of the State
suggest Thomas G. Alvord af Onondaga for Speaker of
the Assembly. No man has s better knowledge of the
rules by which the Assembly should be governed, or
more, extensive aoqualutanos with ho charsvier An
NEW-JERSEY.
THE OFFICIAL CAXNVASQS.
AISKISSIPPL
POT ITICAL NOTES.
abilities of most of those wie have basa chosen mem
bers of that body. be

To (he Editor of The Tridune,
Sir: Permit me to snggeei that the citizens
of New-York should, through the Committes of Seventy,
or otherwise, secure the services of three of the very
beat wen of each party to prepare a Charter, to be printed
18 the dail pers and in pamphlet form. It conld then
be criticised and Ears #0 Rant when the Legislature
mests we could have something emanating from the peo
ple, and carefully Sonaiend Wa basis of action, 2
ne such course res that anything
be accomplished of roal lasting vio 0 the er.
ey &e., W. W. Sires,
No R Wallet. Nov. 10. 1871.

JFRSEY CITY COMMISSIONS,
To the Editor of The Tribune.
To the Editor or I'Ré ATIVE NEC.
Sir: It seems strange to New-Yorkers that
their State, so long a Democratic stronghold, should give
a Republican majority, while New-Jersoy should go back
on her last year's record and elect a Democratic Gov
ernor. But any man of sense can see the reason. In this
State the position of parties was reversed the Democrats
were the reformers. Our last Legislature was Republican;
what did it do? Why, one thing was to sell out at a good
price to Erie; another, to appointa so-called reformed
Government for Jersey City, which is the greatest curse
this ¢ity has had for years. Our old Democratic Boards
were rascals, but they were not scientific in their rascali
ties. Our new Commissions are Tweeds on a small scale
vou can't get hold of them. They are not responsible to
the people, and therefore 40 what they like. wi, it is
2) bad vow, that you can't collect a hill from the city
without pay percen somebody. Tus usscss
ment is levied by hy of the Bos«, Wm. Bumsted,
our Jersey Tweed. Isitany wonder, then, that so many
Republicans voted the Democratic ticket! Ne; and
more would have done so had it not been for the wish to
encourage you in your fight in New-York. You New
York Republicans think tuat Democracy means corrup
tion. It is getting to Le the other way here, and New
Jersey is lust to us next dear if this system of Legisla
tive Commissions is not abolished. You will oblige many
true Republicans if you will use your powerful lufluenoe
to procure a return to government of the people by
the people for the people’ In this hy
A JERSEY CITY REPUBLICAN,
Jersey City, Nouv. 11, 1871,
J————
A CARD FROM NEW-JERSLY.
To (he Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: Some kind friend handed me, just now,
your paper which says I received 100 votes as independent
candidate for Assembly in the I1d District. The fact i I
received 150 votes exactly, which I am told by those who
know is more than any other man in West Jersey could
get. I had Mved in the district only one week. Tuls
number of votes (running against the regular Democratio
and Republican candidates) was a most significant pro
test against the corrupt Ring who have run and ruled
Republican politics in West Jersey for six years. In
20 years, the Ring candidates have not been defeated
in Camden Couunty. Tals Fall their defeat was
a Wuterloo—only one man being elected; he
hy; 100 instead of 500 IAorRy. his antl-Ring sentiment
defeated Mr. Walsh because the people were Jostosed
with the idea tbat the Newark junts and Camden comn
Muation meant to enslave us by corrupt coalition to buy
the Governorship and the Senatorial purple st the same
election. “Money,” not PHneiple, rules Now-Jersey, and
no Pretorian cohort evor sold the Emperor's throne in
Rome more unblushingly than a dirty and avaricious
{olitieal cabal selis the highest political positions in New
ersev. This thing must be ind Mr. Walsh
himself has been devoured by these  po
litical buzzards in the year last past
to ths amount of $60,000. Independent Republican organ
izations have grown up like magic all over New-Jerscy,
and just what the Ring want us to do that thing we will
not 10. One of these defeated Ring leaders in Camden
County said, bafore election, “that man was a fool who
expected anything but corruption in delegate elections.”
Honesty in nominating couventious we mean to have,
The young Republicans are awake: and if men like Mr,
Walsh bin us in this crusade for principle and
against dollars, the people will hovor him in the future.
1am u Republican, and cannot be kicked or cursed iuto
the Democratic ranks, Now and forever agaiust riugs,
cliques, and corrupt combinations, I am yours,
Camden, Nov, 11, 1871. J. M. BCOVEL.
FAREWELL SERMON OF THE REV. DR. THOMPSON.
The Rov. Dr. J. P. Thompson, pastor of the
Broadway Tabernacle Church, preached his farewell
germon to a large congregation last evening. He sald:
Of the 363 members who composed the church at the
time of my settlement, ouly 21 now have their names
upon its roll, and there remain to-day in its active mem
bership but eight brethren whojwere here when I was
installed. Of the Congregational Union in New-York,
Brooklyn and vicinity, this is the mother church and I
aw the senior pastor, and among all the churches of this
city there remain in the full discharge of their pastoral
offices, enly eight ministers who were bere when
I came to this church. This church has illustrated
the capacity of the local church for self-government. It
had its origin in the assertion of the principle which we
regard as the fundamental law of the New Testament,
that the church properly consists of all persons who have
been spiritually renewed through faith in the Lord Jesus
Christ. In its early history It had its differences, some
times of policy and sometimes personal, but they were
uiways adjusted without disruption and I think It will
be adoiitted that it has set a good example in minding its
own affairs. Its Moerts. of discussion has conduced to
harwony of action, uui J of purpose, and force of com
bination. Through all its experience, the unanimity,
practical wisdom, and coiperative $iBcieuey of the
brotherhood have justified the priuociple of selfgovern
ment.
Equally important has been the work of this church
fn furthering the union of churches of its own order, es
pecially between New-England and the West, and in de
veloping the vital coherruce of the Congregational body
throughout the land. The independence of the local
church in matters of government Is counterbalanced in
our system by fellowship of the churches in matters of
faith and common concern. It is not too much to claim
that this church has been the medium of fusing the old
and the new—of bringiug the churches of the East and the
West to the consciousuess of a national life, It was the
pastor of this church who drafted the organization
of the association of New-York and Brooklyn, and
brought the infant churches in this vicinity into vital
communion, and who alded in the establishment and for
years assisted in the conduct of the weekly journal which
did so much to assert the power and aid the progreas of
the pripeiple of liberty in urch and State. Again, the
pastor of this church originated the call and constructed
the plan of the great convention of ministers and dele-
gates of the Congregutional Churches of the United
States which met at A any in 1852, and which was the
first step toward a unification of the Congregational body
throughout the country. Tuls series of measures, repro-
senting the spirit of this church, gave to it a national
reputation for leadership in ite own communion, and be
cause of its cordial sud comprehensive spirit in all
things pertaining to the welfare of that union it has been
the center for moetiugs and movewents which concern
the whole Congregational body.
Within these walls assembled, in 1364, the preliminary
couference that recommended the great National Council
at Boston, iu 1865; ulso the national delegation waich
planned tor the Jubilee of the Pilgrims by commemo
rative services at Chicago, Boston, and P.ymouth, and
by preaching and contributions all over the United
tates. ren Thy as it has on the platform of govern
mental i jependence, this church, by its teachings and
its cooperative example, bas illustrated and promoted
the re of the Church Universal. The nawe Congre
ational” does not once veeur in the title of this church,
in its articles or its rules, so little do we care for its name
as such. It is simply 8 church of Jesus Curist, without
regard to modes of ecclesiastical administration, and I
trust that this pulpit may never be desecrated by
sectarian uttersuces, aud that no embassador of the faith
will ever be debarred from it by reason of his church oy
no-chureh connection, if he only have the fuith and
spirit of Christ.
Paring the past 26 years this church has ecomtributed
to the various objects of benevolence brought before it,
in round numbers, $350,000. During the same pel od it
Las raised, by coutcibutions, for sustaining its own
worship, $233,000; toward the purchase of the old Taber
nacle ab the time of my settlement, $15,000; to cancel the
debt on this house after we came in, $65,000 (840,000 of
which was raised on one Sabbath orsiag) for repairs
and meidental improvements, $15,000; making a total of
$078,000 given vy this cougregation tw support
the worsuip of God aud to send abroad the
knowledge of Christ. 1 am sure that I shail
be purdoned for adding that the munificent provision
pledged to the retiring pastor will sates Lhe sum total
of their charities to more than $730,000. church has
increased froin 67 members to an average of nearly Su;
the addition under my pastorate has been 457 on the first
confession of faith, and 900 by letter from other churches,
tal of 1,357.
TREES 30 fii he succeeded by the Bev. Dr. Hiteh
oock of the Baton Taeologionl Sew inary.
THE PURITY OF THE BALLOT—A SERMON BY
HENRY WARD BEECHER.
The Rev. Mr. Beecher preached at Plymouth
Church, last night, 8 sermon on public a®airs, iuspired
by the recent election. He ss of tho 4d
speak to-night on principles ot.
Sen 1 order of goveruwent is for men savage and
undeve. an absolute monarchy. After they have be
come totelligent and civilised, an sutocracy,
and for the highest developed, republican form ef gov
ernment. In the last wyaeen, which is our own, the
prominent question 1s how to give all men a chaaoce to
Tiake known their wishes in government. A literal domo
cracy 1s ble. There must needs, therefore,
be some decided upon hy which men may ex’
thelr wishes over larxe SpAccai Wh felting pusioss.
rhe merely declaratory f t also r of
excoution in itself. Bo in our mschinery it has
been arranged that the people express themselves
My the ballot. It is, theresore, the Unis of tue nation,
ite Juitlal faroe, There ia no other part of the gover
ment that caunot better suffer derangement the
ballot. 1% is the very heart of the under which
we live. The Jadiiary. C3 Sat when you
Tw and other parts go on w a you
supied, ub hetiot, yon ba ve heart disease. It is coroupt
ing our governmeat iu ibe germ 16 COrupR the ballot
Prominent among $he dangers of the bal system
is weak end voling. Ia national sm on
or a great crisis shls may
Cass ignorant voting ia only a iisshief, Tt a the op
the masses who are going to Kill ua, not the bottom. s
the lusy, culti ated men who undervalue the ballot, Zrom
Le most danger 1a $0 De a ed. Next
comes the danger of lnsubordinate vo where results
Will be accepted when liked, and rejected when Masliked,
No man has a righ to £0 10.1he Polls who does pot go
determined to weer ps the situation whan it bean
delermibol Fe the Dellol no watter Low unlavoruble
CIIARTER REVPORVR
THE PULPIT.
tl
may be the result—otherwise vot 1
Jial regain of our gov
the fact that in the past there
sacred than the decision of the
danger of venal voting. This jaan evil which has be
come 80 large it our day that it requires separate treat.
ment and manstuwent, Bxperionce shows that there is
nothing more ngorvus te the omaauily thi the
system of solling vo We call a man a scoundrel who
for $5 would ahfe his voto this way or that aa the
briber desires but he who takes $20,000 in the face of the
whole for the same transacilon is according to
publie epiniom a power to be respected, and
yot he is In reality by far the meaner
villain of the two. To raise money to buy votes has be
Come as common a4 10 raise money to publish political
circulars, Tuousands of men cousider thelr vote a pre
rugative SUINRY Sof the money it wifl bring them at the
coming The ballot 1s sudil furvaer gudangered
by tampering, the keeping men away from the polls by
olenee, the stuffing of boxca, and, above ali. the infer
nal art of counting. What forgery is to som werce, what
connterferfeiting is to public affuirs, whut treason is to
the nation—tuat, and worse, Is bhalot-box tampering to
our Government, and slthoagh I do not believe this has
beef practiced alike by both mo it bas cerialply
been practiced to some extent by both.
2h the Sulitiost, the greatest, the most corrupting of
3li dancers 18 the indifference of the educated to tho bal
Bince the world began, all men have sought to pos
scan the government for their own interests, He who
can ub tha HOVE IDI can almost ocvmmand
~bature. Men of basilar instincts will strive to possess it,
$d the £00 will always be stirred up to wres: it from
t ere, £00, consider how powemful are greai par
hid this great nation, sud he knows little of pares
hit thinks they are composed simply of men. Woat
ad roperty terests are gathered in theso partes.
Hoa t enormous Sur poratiohs—liko the New-York Centrel
3 »XKrie, or t Pennsyivauia Central. Coaslder
Ow tbe nation stands open to these
gigantic pecuniary corporations; how they are con
siantly opeuing in a thousand directions, and I
‘need not say buw much we Lave to dread from them, We
didu’t throw human nature overboard when we put
down Slavery, and we are to-day in more danger from
overgrown pecuniary institutions—{rom organized
money—iban We ever wore {rom Slavery, and the battle
of the future 1s to be oue of gold aud silver. Can the
ballot survive and be a power that cau control these othes
powers! Tus is the reason I doclure that of all these
dangers Indifference 13 the greatest, Our wealthiest
intellectual wen are those woo make tue wholes com
wunity undervalue their voting privileges. Iu is the
Lighest class that leavens the scoond, snd the sec
ond leavens tw third. Influences go down
in gradations. If th: high make the ballot of
no account, way down to the bottom gues the
thought that it is of litue worth. If tue past they
liad Lonored it; if their consciences had flutored round
about it, there would not now be such u mournful per
version of it all through society. Tue excuses men make
for their gross neglect are not worthy of the wen who
ako tuem. They are unwilling to gu out and mix with
the disagreeables. They woud like to be wax candles in
gulden candlesticks, but they are wiliug to grub for
money—to stick their bodies down into the mud if out of
the wallow they cau bring up gold. 1t 18 8o much nicer
to hear Nilsson than to go out to the primaries.
Then, again, they say, Crafty men fix things, snd
whea we come out we feel like green fouls who
have been fleceed.” How came you to be a “green fool i"
If you would make it As mueh your inteicst us they
wake it their interest you would be equal tw them. It 1s
a shame wen will do Irom the worst motives. A Ian
from nasty meanness will do tuings that patriotism won't
inspire, and when a man urges this excuse be reads his
own indictment. Men too, say they bave uo time.
“Tuese villsius devote sll their we to pouiics!” Buch
are like a man who sees Lis house all full of treasure on
tire, and has n’t time to put it out—but the tire will pai
him out if he don’t.
All the misciuef that makes taxation burdensome, that
runs up the hospital tax aud the King tax, comes because
you are too busy,” sod 80 the aey 1's taXx-gatuerers go
out; and you cheat and go into partuersuip with the
aevil in order to get ualf tue dividends. You uever will
turn back the stream of corruption till you begin refor
mation there. Tuen we hear a ery frow these lazy pros
perous: Let us have a vigilance colmnwitiee—de tue
rogues to a lump-post.” Tue wot unwholesome thing
{u the world 18 promiscuous hanging, When good 1: u
combine to expel mousters they make a precedeut, and
the monsters combine to expel the good mon, sud tue
monsiers get the worst of it. Such measures are ai out
rag: and an abomination, and a maa's tongue should
wicaer before he could advise suc,
There {8 very little gain in the uprising of the people,
which only shifts tue scenes und sets different aciors w
work. There 18 ao reformation in the community, unless
men are lifted up Liguer and begin in a Ligher procedure,
1t is proper those men now before the publie should be
judged, convicted, and punsted. I dow’s believe they
wili be though. We've got w redeem tue ballot—io new
life, pow spirit! If the wen tuat bribed she ballut-bLox
yesterday ure all bung, and to-morrow thé men ou your
nde do the sane thing, uave you reformed the condition
of tilugst To s great extent prowioeut mou have con
spired w make voting veusl. 1 our population iu
creased a8 votes do, we'd be lwmensciy sud salarm
jugly populous. After election, tue men say, “Here
boys is sowe money left over, divide ii wmong your
selves,” that 1su’t called brioery but whether dirvct or
indirect, it is the devil's work, wuichever side does ii.
Money ust not be allowed to be a legitimate factor iu
politics. It's better tuat any party should be overturown
and begin again trom the botiow than 0 go om raising
steawn oy the old courses. Offices must not be put 1wto
the political market and wraugled 1or, If the great cu
gluery of goveruwont 1s to be parceled out ou interest
or whim; if the places are to be put up for
sale, this Government is manufaciuring thst
poison which will destroy ita owh lite. Every
custom-house is a bribery shop. No man must be
respectable who abels auy party in iniquity for lis own
persounl laterest, Du you suppose all the gigantic
irauds that have been practiced iu New-York weie not
abetted by the capitalists I Do you suppose that wen
who have had ten wiilion of doliars to bo taxed lad no
understanding of the public disuonesty We must learn
that nothing will preserve society but the living force of
Lonest men. Men want to Lave civil courts take care of
justice in commercial affairs, but there's got to be a
living thought in the whole bo ly of citizens.
Let us not give way to wessening apprehensions of
cowaruice. Muauy say the experuneui or sellgoveru
ment is a failure, We have tried it and failed.” I deny
it. Belf-government is the best government! It isthe
wost feasible, We haven't put out our energy yet. Woe
to him who stands upart in laziness and cowardice. I
nie him on his mila. wea lips and say, Peace, croak
raveu!”
ARRIVAL OF SHIPWRECKED WHALERS AT SAN
TY mYTTYT XY
Sax Fraxcisco, Nov. 12.—Capt. Barker of
the whale-ship Japan, which was wrecked on East Cape,
Siberia, in October, last year, when eight men were
drowned, after wintering with the Esquimsux, and suf
fering great naraship, joloed Capt. Hays and the crew of
the bark Oriole, which sunk in Uehring Bea in June last.
After saiing to various places in Alaska on the lictie
scuooner H. B. Bourne, which finally decame unsea
worthy and was abandoned, sll arrived here $d] fom
Victoria. They had been given up as lost, not ving
been heard row for mouths,
er ce —et
AMIU'SICAL NOTES.
Mlle. Aimée devotes this week to the Grande
Duchesse,” and promises next week Offenbacl’s Le
Pont des Soupirs,” whion 18 entirely new to America.
The Russian concerts of Prince Galitzin, to
which we have already alluded, will be given to-morrow
evening and on Tuesday of next weck. In place of Mr.
Pattison, previously sunounced, Mr. Levy Las been en
gaged.
Madame Clara Brinkerhoff is to give a con
cert in Hoboken ou Thursday evening for the benefit of
the First Reformed Sabbath 8chool. Bhe will have the
assistance of the Harmouic Club, and a nuwwuber of solo
arias.
Wachtel’s engagement at the Stadt Theater
closes on Wednesday night. It has proved a brilliant
financial success, and there seems thus far to be no fall
ing ott 10 the popularity of tLe great tenor among the
citizeus of the East side. This evening he is to appear as
Manrico, aud on Wednesday he repeats the s.me work
1 which he made his debut, tue Postilion.”
At the Academy of Music Miss Nilsson is
still repeating the personations with which she has all
ready charmed the public, and to-night she is to give the
most popular of them all—her Margherita. Toe lack of
novelty does not affect the size of the audiences, which
is limited ouly by the capacity of the house. Meanwhile
preparations for Mignon” are pusled forward, and it
way be ready as soon as Friday of this week. Nilsson,
Duval, Capoul, and Jamet are in the cast.
DIAAMATICO XOTES.,
Miss Annie Lonsdale’s appearance at the St.
James Theater 18 finally assigned for the 3uth inst. Miss
Busan Galton will remain there auother week, and will
sing in Fanchette” and La Rose de Bt. Fleur.” Mr.
E. D. Davies, the excellent and amusing veatriioguist,
will also remain another week.
Mr. Lester Wallack, as already noted, will
act to-night, at his own tueater, muking his first appoar
ance this season, Rosedale” —the prosperous career of
which was interrupted early in the Summer—will be
revived, with the richness of dress and completeness of
appointments usual at this theater,
Mr. Baroum opens his vast exhibition of
marvels at the Bisiy irda Rink thiseveulng. A great
throng of people 11, doubtless, nttcnd, sud withoss tue
unfolding of ti stores of natural scisuoce which the
wost experienced showman of the age uas garnered up
for the instruction. and edification of his countrymen,
Mr. aud Mrs. Florence have freed themselves
om engagements in other cities, and will remain for a
whiie longrr at the Grand Opers House, neting 1 Elleen
Oge.” Tuls will be Pisunuttt news to many people inter
ested in the Irish drama—e branokh of euntcrtaloment
that, in this instance, is represeoted with more than
usuul intelligence and taste. The production of Mr. De
Leon's new play—* Paris, or the Days of tue Cowmune”
—will be temporarily deferred.
A letter, dated at the Globe Theater, Chicago,
and signed T. Charics Howard, Fur the Professivual
Sufferers of Chica, 0,” alleges, und desires THE TRIBUNE
10 state, thst emly two contributions of money oul of
Hie aan Jor (00 relief 9 Yosizive) People Tuned by
great fire, have a8 been applied those
unfortunate urscas The two Sa applied ial of 13] to
are those of 88. Louls and Mobile. em i
following questions Where have viel frat, 15
whose hands do they rest Why stv J Sub sp tw
Soo Juliet of intended! sit seugs 1”
THE TRIBUNE knows nothing of matter, eZoepting
this—that the money reised B-Yorx for the relle
ofthe theatrical with reve a Chicago, beea lntrusted
to gentlemen incapable PI
Mr. Owens continues t Caled Plvmmer
at ir. On Theater. “Solon Bhingle” way be anuci
petod.—Mr. SBeuthern’s Lord Dundreary romalns the
Garden ar: Dal Divorce: enters it slareath
's f u
week at the Fifth Avenue Theater Mp. Fox will, as
hithesto, amuse ihe public, ai (he Olywpie B48
Humply ply Tue beautiful Prismatic tain,
ex 3 Unson Bquare Theater, is an rfain:
mons in itsels to lovers oi culor and aymuetsy. 1% will
be shown every hight, with other variety features. ~The
Teopeting, of the Globe Tueater, with Lhe play of
Horths,” is a notable incidens of to-night —ie Jeune
Burt, fauous a4 hurdie-rider, will AUDORL Bi Ll LLC ae
I
und 200 hada; Spe (=p Agog To hod Mak
1775 bowsa, of wien SIE oe Guimed Prater, Sager marhel
ah Xa He Dy 8 0 Nos 16te 30 D, 8, WPL
reals; Molarses P reude Jo Nos. 8 to 1 Muscorade Bugar—
Mair to Good ag. TON» 7 egy Bra Per
ia fair demand. Tal 1 ame Arriom Sun
cared week st $ID ga Lr gh on 9161342617 NN
Li i fair demand, Onions quiet and
Coal ln tune, dull Te al hamber—W kite Pine
ob hep bi Bey Morte sul ot $35
he 3 babs
Praghts dull, Ext Bates, at ve
1 discount hort sgh 3 164 premium; on Paris. 49 cont Dromiam.
FROM LIVERPOOL~In steamship TheaQueen, Nov. IL...
Mra Kom and family Mas Morley, Mim rT) Vy
cot, Mr. obhson, tr. Goodaer, Mr. and Mrs. Mr. snd Men,
MoBride, My, Bois, Mr. Roverts, Miss Carr. Me. Sutton,
Kimpton ani family (4), Mim dmith. Don Ignaco Marti. Den fry a
sors Rameiry, Win. iy Mr. Madden, Mr xnd Mrs. James and oil,
Mr. Hauwoed, Mr. Dobrofaff, Mr. Btoop, Mr. Nash, Mr. Lindsey. Me.
Halstead, Mr, Stevens, Mr, Baldry, Mr, and Mrs. J. Jacob and family (9),
Mr. B A. Hall Mr, Beatss, Rev. M» MeDevits, Mr. and Mra Kien,
Mr Towne in. Mr, Townree, Mr. Miles MeDonogh, Mr. KE 5 W, Peat
wath Miss Lillie Belmous and 397 ia the steerage.
D—
£0r GSACr Shatp yews rt OTLLING 4 Tg™1
Steah sp Cite of Washtugton (Br.), Lochosd, Livergont Oct. 31. wnt
Steamy Ad De
P Tibodrnih 1 Nov. 1, with mise. 3 pass. 0 John G. Dale.
Sieamsaip The Queen (Br.), Thomas, Liverpool Oct. 25, sad Queene
town 26th, with mdse. and pass. to F, W. J. Hamt.
steamship Gea. Meade, Sampson, New-Oricazs Nor. 4, saad 8. W,
Pasa. 5tb, with mdse. and puss. to Fred Baker.
Steamshiy Bienville, Now-Orlesus Nov, 5, with mdse. aad pass
to Livinzaten, Fox Co.
Seamahip Usorge Cromwell, Clapp, New-Orlesns Nov. 5, with:
mse, sot us) to H. B. Cromwell Co.
Btea Vanite, Voane, Philadelphia, with mdse. and pass. bo
Lon lard Steamshi, Zo.
Steamship Acushnet, Rector, New-Bedford, with mdse. and pus.
Ferguson Wood
Brig Spring Bird (of Canning, X. 8.), Thomas, Maracaibo 20 days,
with eoffea,
Briz 88. Clement. (Dan.). fehmidt, Malaga 49 days, with frais,
I Myrtle (of St. Johns, N, Graham, Labrador, 21 dams, with
Sehr. Helen A. Bowea (of Bangor), Alexander, Demerara 3( days, with
sugar and hides.
SCROONRRS—RIVER AYD COASTWIIR
Rdward Wooten, Bridgeport. ML Wedmor:, New Haven
May, New-Haven. Jul'a Tate, Jeridgeport
Sarah Mis, Grocaeiut. Chaser New. rd.
E. T, Smith, New- Bedford. Jon. H. Deputy, New-Bedford.
ip New Be ford Aleora, Machias
T. P. Hall, Providenos. Willie Harris, Calais,
Mail, Greeawich, B. G. Welaea, Baldimor,
BH. rom, Philadelphia. W. Jobnson, Philadephia.
Gem, Port Jobuson, White Rook, Pert Jolmson.
Maria Viouiag Port Johnsen. Win, Deming, Port Johnson.
Native, Port Johnson, Copia, Rowton.
David Nelson, Portebester. H. A. Teber, Now-Bedford.
8. C. Hart, Now-Bedforl. Juhn Laseaster, Providence.
Kate Scranton, Providence. Blackstone, Providence.
W. H. Tiero, Provideuce. D. A. Berry, Providence. i
M. A. Predmore, Providence. Citizen, Providencs.
An wy Providenos, Jolie Dos, Pv.
ipsey, Green milie Bell,
Elm City, Bris sport. Justice, Newport.
Venus, Boston. Clara, Boston.
Empire, New-London. Elizabeth B., Newport.
Benj. Bung, Newport, Rarah Loverne, Branford.
Those. Cabill. Port Johnson. Ben). Koglish, Port Jobxson.
D. C, Forester, Port Jobnson. Franklin, Port Johuson.
M. L. Hall, Port Jobusos. J. H. Coffe, Pors Johnson.
Expedite, Port Johnson. J. Vtaymond, Port Jobasow.
Gov. Barton, Port Johmson. Fair Wind, Port Johnson.
Lovering, Elizabethport. Ladr Jane, Eishatbpert
Pb! Sheri an. Elzabethport A. Vanc'eaf, Elizabethport,
Isabella, Elisabethport. (eo, Hotchkiss, Blizabethport.
Ruth Halsey, Eliza satiggon. Fred Hall, Elizgabethport.
Juige Ranyon, Elim port. vy. UC. Lyman, Elimabethport.
Judze Low, Eilsabethport. Defiance, kocaiand
W LN U—3anset, fresh, N. W.; clear,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Caanvasron, 8. C., Nov, 13. —Arrived, steamships South Caroliay
from New-York (Gulf Stream, from Philadelphia barks Devonshire, from
Philadelphia; Agra and Matilda Hilyard, from Boston; Grassmore, pode
at Stephens XN B.: brig Ysabellibe, from Cienfaegos; schra. Mary,
WA D000, (rosa, oa. v7. TIER
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Caanvasron, 8. C., Nov, 13. —Arrived, steamships South Caroling
from New-York (Gulf Stream, from Philadelphia barks Devonshire, from
Failndeiphia; Agra and Matilda Hilyard, from Boston; Grassmors, pode
St Stephens. K. 8. brig Yeabellibe, from Cienfaegos; sehr. Mary,
Belfast, Me., aud Henry Allen, from Baltanore.
Bax Fraxcusco, Nov. 1l.—Arrived, steamship Montana, from Pename
SPOKEN.
Nov. 10, Jat. 40 50, low. 67, sehr. Lothair, for Halifax. (By pilothest
Perkius. No. 13).
Youn Winter Evenings! ©20 Biruarp Tascx! Full as
Cues aud Bala! Quick Rubber Cushions Disgrens frre!
Assor Nicuoris, 95 Giberty st, Now-York
WAGNER—MARSCAALK—~Oun Wedneslay, Nov. 8, at St. Péter's
Church, Brooklyn, by Rev. John Paddock, D. 1). Charles Verlinand
ig 10 Theresa B., daughter of Caps. Jobu Marscialk, all of Broek
a.
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed with full
name and address.
CCITT
HUDRON—At Plainfield, N. J.. on Sstarday morning, 11th inet, George
Hudson, Deputy Sheriff of Union County, aged 2 yeas,
Funeral services at the First Baptist Chard, at Plainfield, on ye
morning, 13th inst., a49:30 o’ciock. Relatives and friends of the fo
and the members of Jerusalem Lodge, No. 26, A. F, and A. M.. of Plsia
field, and of Excelsior Hook sad Ladder Co. No. 1 of Sootch Hain, aon
respectinlly invited to attend. Trains by Central RR. of J,
foos Liberiy-ss., N. Y., at 8 o'clock a. m.

BARTT—la Brooklyn, Satarday, 1ith inst. Isaac Hartt, aged 78 years
Al mos.
Belaiives and friends are invited to attend the funeral from the residence
of is son-in-law, Joseph H. Foster, Fourth-ave., coraer of Pacific-eb,
oa Monday, 13th inst., at 1:30 o'clock.
KRTCHAM—AS Dover Plains, N. Y., Nov, 11, James Koicham, aged 4
yearn.
Funeral services, Tuesday, Nov. 14, at 1p. m.
KELLY—On Satarday eveaing, the Lith inet., at the residences of his
mother, John, eldest on of Bridges and the late Hngh Kelly, deceased,
aged 21 years and 4 mos.
The relatives and friends of the i f and those of his uncle, Jobn Kelly,
late Shenf, are respectfully invited to attend bis funeral on Wedoes
day the 15th inst., at 10 o'clock a m., from 68 West Twelfth-st. His
remains sill be couveved to the Cburch of Si. Franels Xavier, West
Sixteenth-st., where a solewnn High Mass of Requiem will be offered np
for the repose of his soul; thence to Calvary Cemetery for interment.
MEAD—Died, in Greenwich, Cona., Nov. 12, 1871, Robert Mead, aged 4
Cars.
Rolatives and friends are invited to attend bis funeral from his late resi
dence, in Greenwich, on Wednesday the 15th inst. at 2 o'clock p.m.
Trains leave Twenty-seventh-st. depos at 11:30 a. m.
MUPPHY—In this city, on Batardsy the 11th of Nov., Josephize Mar
phr, third dsughter of William D. Murphy.
The friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend her fonersl
{rom the residence of her father, No. 40 East Forty-aluth-st., on Tuse
day, the 14th iust., at 2 o'clock p. m.
PINCENBY—On Susdar moraiag. Nov. 12, William T. Pinckney.
The relatives and friends of the family and those of bis brothers, John
M. and Doctor Howard Fiuckoey, are invited 10 attend hs funersi from
the Charch of the Holy Trinity, Madison-ave. and Forty-secoud-st., ea
Tuesday, the Lith inst, at 3 o'clock p. m.
PIERCE—At Kingston, N. J., on the morning of the 11th, of consamp
tion, Mrs. Dority Pieres, in the Slat year of her age.
Her fonecal will take place from the residence of her son in Kingston, &8
2 p. m., on Tuesday, the 14th inst.
PI1ERCE—On Tuesday, Nov. 7, at her residence, Utica, N. Y., Mra. Mar
gares Plerce, formerly of this city, aged 64 years and 6 mos.
POOL—At Bedminster, N. J., Nov. 10, farab Elizabeth, infant daughtes
of Rev. Chas. H. and Mary 8. Pool, aged 10 mos. sad 19 davs.
POKT —John Upton Port, late apothecary of the Now-York Dispensary,
Friday, Nov. Tn 28 years, 7 mos. and J dage.
Services at All Saints Church, Heary-st., Monday, 13th, at 130 p. mg
thence to Evervreen Cemetery.
English papers please copy.
RANSOM—On Saturday, Nov. 11, after a lingering iliness, Rov. Joseph
Ransom, in the 63th or of Bis age.
The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral on
Tuesday, Nov. 14, trom the Church of the Redeemer, corner of Fourth
ave. aod Atlantic-st., Brooklyn, at 1 o'clock p. m.
ROGRRS—Theodors Bogers, e3q., at hig resideses near Wilmington,
Del, os Friday, Nov. 6, in the 43d year of his age.
Baned at Wilmington.
SPERR—At Pooltaer, Vt., on Priday, Nov. 19, Aune Mary, wife of Hoa.
James Speer (formerly of Paterson, N. J.)
Funeral services at the Swedenborg an Chureh, Rast Thirts-ftb-et, N
Y., on Tuesday, 11 a. m. Interment at Cedar Lawn, Paterson.
SPEER—At Poultaey, Vt, on Friday, Nov, 10, Anne M., wife of James
1] A
Pa srviees on Tuesday, Nov 14, at 11 o'clock o. m., ai the Swedsn
borgian Church in Thirty-6ftl-st between Park and Lexiagtoe-aves.
Relatives and friends are respectiully invited to attend.
THWa T. Titus, of Cornwall, N. Y., en Sixth day, Eleveath
Relatives and friends are invited to attend the funers! from bis late reel
doves, 00 14th (Tuesday), 11th mooth, i 12 m.  Usrriages will be in
waitiLg a Newbargh ou the arrival of 8 a m. Hudson River Kailresd
train fon New-York
WILSON—Nov. 10, ia Chicago, Mrs. Sarak Cornelia Sch si»
ter of Mrs. Dr. Sehafl ey Witson,
Her remains will be interred in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Comm ities for the Relief lief of the Sufferers by the
Chicage Conflagratiea.
Rooxs C or Com
ant Octave 1 TTL
Persons desiroas of subscribing to this objest may send their costrida.
tions to the Chamber of @ommerce, No. 53 William-st., care of GEORGE
WILSON, Secretary of the Chamber, between the hours of 10 a m. and
3p. m., or to any member ofthe Committes. Checks lo be made parable
to the order of A. A. LOW, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTEE:
JOHN C. GREEN, Chairman, TI South-at.
GEORGE OPDYKE, Vice-Chairman, 35 Nasssa-ot.
A. A. LOW, Treasurer, 31 Buriing-alip.
FRANK KE HOWE, Secrvtary, 88 Walle.
Best Bargains Ever Offored in New-York
WHITE FRENCH CHINA DINXER SETS, 197. plecce..... $32 09.
QULORKD asd GILT PRENCH CHINA DINNER SETS... 73 00.
COLORED and GILT FRENCH CHINA TEA SETS, dl pieces. 10 00.
SILVER-PLATED CASTERS Sostbottles................. 5 50
SILVRR-PLATED TABLR PORKS, the degas.........con... 6 08
COLORED CHAMBER SETS, 11 pleses, English maka...... 4 36
Together with
4 PULL ASSORTERENT OF
CHINESE usd JAPANESE
PORCELAIN,
YW 10 DALE Os.
We

Bon a in Asmediar
ton Hall on four foutecutive TURSDAY EVWEKINGH, Jaginaing Nor.
31, Sehject: wl: ATW

“THE BLESSINGS OF MODERY SCIENCE.”
mowt brilliant sxperimentamres gen fa Howl Tork They will be of the
cours of \ba season, d ihe sid wtih
ation Hall, Twentyabindot., sou. Fousth ave.
Bp
A regular seosthhg of ‘this Cdmusities will Bo hold wt 1,9 Brordeng.
on TUESDAY RVENING, Bovomber 14, ot 8 o'cloek,
_ Geo. W, Low, See JOUN J. TOWN» ND, Prasidens
Na
WEEE Satis MARRET Nov. {1
PASSENGERS ARRIVED
1LA1EST 84I1P NETS
(Tow other Shin News see Second Page.)
MARRIED.
DIED.
Soecial Notices