rußtisnisn rvr.itY Mouiia,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED.)
t per year. IT paid *lrlctly In advance
Otherwiwe, 7 5 Cent* per Month.
(The
EMTAHMSHKD JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At #3 per Annum.
.1 D. RALIIWIN .V CO., Proprietor*.
NO. 441 MAIN STREET.
calorccstcv Jailp Spn.
CITY NEWS.
Members of Post 10, G. A. R will Attend
the funeral of their late comrade, James 11.
Board, to-morrow afternoon.
The City Guards will have their first assem
bly for the season at the new armory in Tay’
tor's blook, next Monday evening.
One thousand freight cars passed through the
yard of the Boston and Albany road in this city
one day last week.
The storm interfered somewhat with the suc
cess of the Laurel street church fair in Wash
burn hall last evening; but did not prevent a
tolerably good attendance and a good sociable
time, especial^' around the “fish-pond.”
A free singing school—a commendable enter
prise—under the direction of Prof. L. Southard
of the New England conservatory of music, will
be commenced Thursday evening, Nov. 16, in
the vestry of the Trinity M. E. church.
On Thursday evening, delegations from
Charitv and Rising Star lodges of Good Tem
plars, of this city, visited Welcome lodge of
Grafton. Alter listening to the welcoming speech
of the worthy chief of Welcome lodge and the
responses of the worthy chiefs of Charity and
Rising Star lodges, the company adjourned to
the “upper hall” where a bountiful repast was
spread.
The Methodists lost in the Chicago fire church
property to the amount (above what they will
realize from insurance) of $300,000, to restore
which New England contributes $20,000, Wor
h r giving ^1000; New York city, $50,000;
Philadelphia, $40,000, and other cities in propor
tion. It is thought the whole loss will be made
up.
Rev. Henry Ward Beecher will lecture on Mon
day evening. It is s veral years since he was
last heard in this city, and this fact, with the
great ability ami popularity of the speaker,
will till Mechanics hall. The Lyceum commit
tee have reserved some six hundred sea’s for the
accommodation of those who purchase tickets
for a single lecture. On the opening night, in
fart, more than eight hundred tickets were sold,
people biing willing to sit upon the stage or
even to stand for the sake of hearing Mr.
Gough. The committee, in their advertise
ment, also offer inducements to purchase season
tickets.
Boston ano Albany Railroad.—The train
which formerly left at 6.15 for Springfield and
wav stations will, commencing Monday, leave
at 4.45. The train that leaves at 9.55 a. m. for
the west will not stop at West BrooMteld.
Sudden Death.—An Englishman named
John Webster, who kept a lodging house and
saloon on Mechanic street, died suddenly yester
day morning, of heart disease. He was a na
tive of Leeds, England, sixty-two years of age,
an 1 had lived in this city four or five years. He
c me here from Cherry Valley.
Masonic Installation.—The following re
cently elected officers of Athelstan lodge, F. and
A. Masons, were installed on Wednesday eve
ning last, with the forms and ceremonies pecu
liar to the order, by R.W. D. D. G. M. T. E. St
John: W. M., N. G. Tucker; 8. W., R. L. Gol
bert; J. W., C. S. Day; Treas., Loring Eddy;
Sec A. 11. Mirick; S. D.,H. D. Dadmun; J. D.,
Brown Adams, Jr.; S. S, L. B. Parkhurst; J.
8., W. F. Knowlton; Chap., T. E. St. John; M.,
W. F. Bdchelder; M. D., E. P. Knight; I. 8.,
C. P. Fisher; T., L S. Carpenter.
Municipal Court.—The three continued
assault and battery cases came up yesterday
morning, and John Ready paid a fine of $lO and
costs; James Riley was discharged, and the
complaint against Henry Leonard wa< placed on
file James Roberts, lor keeping liquor, paid
$lO ami costs; Andrew Monette paid $2 and
costs for drunkenness, and Nason Bierdarre,
fined $5 and costs for the same offence, was com
mitted to jail on non-payment. The complaint
of Daniel E. Lincoln, for neglect of family, was
placed on file, and that of Chas. 11. Cutler, for
obtaining money by false pretences, was con
tinued till Monday. Thomas Eakins, for truan
cy, was sent to the truant school for one year.
The First Snow of the season came yester
day and succeeded in covering the earth to the
depth offour or five inches before it ceased to fall.
The preliminary squall, in the forenoon was fol
lowed by a rain, and seemed to be effort thrown
away; but when darkness came on as a cover,
the flakes begun to float stealthily down, dis
solving on the mud at first and finally gaining
recognition and a place on every inch of ground,
house-top, tree and other object that presented a
surface for the lodgment of the smallest speck.
It was pure white and pretty, as usual, and
penetrated shoe leather as readily as any snow
last winter.
Soiree Music ale.—The pupils of H. S. Rice
gave a second soiree musicale at the piano rooms
olJßichards, Metcalf Co., last evening, which
was highly enjoyed by a good audience, despite
the storm. They had some valuable vocal and
instrumental assistance in the following pro
gramme which was performed:
I—Overture, “Caliph di Bagdad (4 hands) Boicldleu
Miss Fay and Mr Ri. e.
2—Serenade. “When lovers bay good nighl" Hatton
Col runs.
3-Piano Solo, Valseßrilllanie Hunte n
Miss Whitcomb.
4 -Air for Comet, from "Lurline” Wallace
Mr Richardson,
5 -Plano Solo, Sonata in G minor Beethoven
Mister C. Hair.
6—Sonata Na. VI for violin and piano Haydn
Messrs. Reidl and Rice.
7—Piano Solo, “Bella de Nuit” Ascher
Miss Fav.
B—German Song. “Conld I through ether fly”.. .Molique
Col. Titus.
9—Trio, for violin, cornet, and piano Curxchmap
Messrs. Riedl, Richardson and Rice.
10—Priest'’ Marcb. ttom “Athalia” (two pianos,
8 hands) Mendelssohn
Mr. Rice, Miss Luce, Miss Fay and Master Hair.
The Second Fire Alarm last night
amounted to something. It proceeded from box
forty-six, and, fortunately, coming in the night,
there was not a confusion of bells and whistles
to prevent the hearing of the strokes hy the fire
men. Fred’k Hancock’s house, on Water street,
was the scene of operations, a fire havingcaught
in the attic from a defective chimney. A girl
sleeping in one of the upper rooms, was awaken
ed by the smoke, and gave the alarm in time to
save the house, only a small portion of which
burned; but the damage caused by throwing
Avater into the building will amount to as much
as that caused by the bu ruing.
The first alarm of fire, which came between
six and seven o’clock Inst evening, was ivithout
cause. The tempers of several firemen were
slightly damaged, but otherwise no great harm
was done.
Superior (Criminal) Court.—Devens, J.
Friday, Nov. 10 —Ln the case of Sylvanus Saw
yer and Ann M. Morse of Fitchburg, for adul
tery, which occupied nearly four days, the jury
returned a xerdict of guilty on two counts in the
indictment; and not guilty on the third count,
that in which John 1). Williams was the princi
pal witness. The two counts on which convic
tion was rendered charged the commission of
the offence in Leominster in August, 1867, and
subsequently at the hotel in Fitchburg. The
jury were out about three houis. The case goes
up to the supreme court on exceptions.
Charles Goodwin of Worcester, convicted of
assault with a cane, was fined S2O and costs.
John Finnegan of Worcester, tried for drunk
enness, assault on officer and disturbing the
peace, was convicted on the last named charge,
and fined $5 and costs; verdict of not guilty on
the two other charges. W A. Williams for de
fendant.
Sullivan Moore of Southbridge, for keeping a
liquor nuisance, was fined SSO and costs.
Patrick Gil lon, on two complaints for keeping
a liquor nuisance, was fined SIOO and costs.
Franklin French, for selling mortgaged prop
erty, was fined SSO and costs.
Mary F. Griffin of Milford, on sundry old
cases for liquor selling, was sentenced to the
house of correction for three months.
Elizabeth King of Worcester, for liquor sell
ing, was fined $lO and costs.
James Tenney of Worcester, for keeping a
liquor nuisance, was fined SSO and costs and
Worcester 4Daih) Spn
VOL. 26, NO. 268.
sentenced to the house of correction for three
months.
Smith Navin of Milford, on seven cases for
soling liquor, keeping a nuisance, pleaded guil
ty. and was fined SIOO and costs, and sentenced
to the house of correction lor six mouths.
John Burke, appellant, of Worcester, for keep,
ing open house on Sunday, pleaded guilty, and
was fined S2O and costs, in affirmation of the
sentence of the court below.
John Quigley, of North Brookfield, for being
a common drunkard, was sentenced to the house
of correction for two mouths.
The court then adjourned, without day, after
a session ol three weeks, during which a much
larger amount of business than usual has been
done.
The swindler arrested on Thursday, an ac
count of whose confidence operations was given
in yesterday’s paper, was examined in the muni
cipal court yesterday morning, and had his case
continued until Monday. The marshal tele
graphed to Richmond, whither the sanctimo
nious individual claimed to be journeying as his
home, and received three replies during the eve
ning, each one developing some new cause for
suspicion of rascality committed by the same
bogus parson while he was in that city. One
of them stated that he is wanted in Lowell
for forging the name of Rev. Mr. Mallory, and
another states that when in Richmond last
spring, he went by the name of Samuel H. Sey
mour, and by false pretenses obtained twenty
dollars of Mr. S. H. Jones. The dispatches also
state that he went by several names while so
journing there.
He maintains his religious demeanor while
telling his inconsistent stones, and out of the
several aliases selects the name of H.
Walker as the most satisfactory to himself: but
he doesn't bear his trials with that air of calm
resignation which would naturally be expected
from a persecuted preacher of his solemn stamp.
On the contrary, he chafes In confinement and
evidently dreads the result of a thorough in
vestigation. His last story was that he belonged
to the nori hern part of the state of New York,
where he had been licensed as a preacher
hut never ordained on account of a difficulty
in his throat (wnh his tongue, too, perhaps).
He says that he took up teaching and has
preached and taught, taught and preached, in
Richmond, Michigan and other places. The re
cent fires in Michigan drove him from his field
of labors there, and, judging from the nature of
the telegrams received, nearly every other place
he has been in became too warm for him.
Whatever his abilities may be as a teacher,
preacher, temperance lecturer, or borrower of
money, it is quite certain that he lacks under
standing in the present circumstances, or he
would not attempt so many explanations as he
has.
Nundny Nervier*.
Church of the Unify—Rev. John Weiss of Water
town, will preach Sunday morning and evening.
Evening services begin at 7 o’clock.
Grace M. E. r'hurch—Rev. A. McKeown will
preach two sermons on “The Mission of M<dhoi|-
tsm’—in the forenoon on its peculiarities and in the
afternoon on its duties and prospects.
At tile Trinity church. Sabbath evening, there
will be a praise meeting, with instrumental accom
paniments, commencnig at 7 p. m.
Rev. Mr. Hall will give a course of “Lectures to
the Young,” at the First Unitarian church, begin
ning Sunday evening, Nov. 12. Services at 7 o’clock.
Seats tree to all.
S. S. Foster will preach in Horticultural hall to
morrow at 2)a o’clock r. M.,on the inevitable fail
ure of every attempt at reform whicn has not
Christianity for its basis.
COUNTY NEWS.
The Congregational church in Webster have
voted a call to Rev. Mr. Batchelder, late ot
Hinsdale, N. H.
Convention of ChriMtian A*i«ociationM.
The sixth quarterly meeting of the Worcester
c Minty convention of Christian associations, was
held in the Second Congregational church in Mill
bury, yesterday. It was ihc annual session.
Alter devotional exercises from half-past nine
to half past ten o’clock a. m., the convention
ivas called to order by Hon Wm. Upham, of
Spencer, prayer was offered by Rev. A. J. Bates,of
Saundcrsvillc, and the annual report of the sec
retary, Charles A. Denny, of Leicester, was read
and accepted. The committee chosen to nomi’
natc officers for the year ensuing, then reported
the following list, which was adopted:
For President, L. I’. Goddard, of Worces
ter; Vice President, C. P. Whittaker,
of Clinton; Secretary, Joseph A. Dodge, of Graf
ton; Treasurer, E. D Batchelder, of North
Brookfield, in the absence of the president and
vice president, Mr. Upham was chosen president
pro tern. The thanks of the meeting were
voted to the officers of last year.
The remainder of the forenoon session was
devoted to hearing reports from the associations
and churches in the county. The towns heard
from were: <’linton, Douglas, Holden,Leicester,
Millbury, Northbridge, North Brookfield, Oak
ham, Oxford, Paxton, Spencer, Sutton, Saun
dersville, Warren, West Bovlston, and Worces
ter, in all of which a favorable representation
was made of the state of the cause, especially
in Millbury and Paxton.
At noon there was a most generous collation,
provided in the vestry by the ladies of the
church.
After a half hour’s devotional exercises, con
ducted by Brother F. M. Stowell of Holden, the
afternoon session was opened with prayer by
Rev. W. F. Mallalieu of Worcester. Rev.
A. 11. Coolidge of Leicester then de
livered a very able essay upon “The
relation of the young men’s Christian
association to the church, '‘which was followed
by a general discussion. Mr. Coolidge began by
stating the object of the associations, the first of
which Wiis formed in Boston ten years ago, to
save youngmen from ruin and bring them under
the care of the churches. He said there were
noiv nearly eight hundred young men’s Chris
tian associations in the various cities and towns
in the United States and the provinces, doing a
vast amount ot good with their large means and
appointed agents and efficient boards of officers.
Mr. Coolidge spoke of the divergent opinions
entertained as to the proper sphere of these as
sociations iu their relations to the churches. He
contended they should be subordinate to the
church, as the grand centre of Christian faith
and purity, and in no way a rival thereof, but
a branch of it, entirely dependant on the piety
of the church, and tributary thereto. They
should be allowed to take away no part of the
duties of the church, but be supplementary
thereto in all their operations for the gathering
in of the wanderers outside of the church into
its fold.
The discussion upon the essay, in which its
main positions were very highly commended
and endorsed as just what we wanted, was par
ticipated m by ('has. I). Tucker and Chas. B.
Knight of Worcester, Rev. J. 11. Windsor of
Graft on, Rev. A. J. Bates and Joseph A. Dodge
ol S.iundersville, W. R. Thayer of Douglas,
Rev. H. A. I’racy of Sutton, Kev. W. F. Mul
lalieti of Worcester, and others. The hitter
spoke w ith special reference to the duty of these
associations to do missionary work in every
place where there is need of gospel light. A
unanimous vote ol thanks was extended to Rev.
Mr. Coolidge lor bis essay.
Rev. Stacy Fowler of Milburv, then opened
an interesting discussion on “The work of the
Christian on earth, the work of saving souls.”
He considered first, “What relation does perso
nal piety sustain to the Avork,” and secondly,
‘‘How may Cliristiansco operate with the Holy
Ghost in die salvation of souls.” He said the
genius of the Gospel was the salvation ol the
world—not by educational or self-culture, not by
the breath of the odorous south wind, but by
spiritual regeneration. Mote active pielv and
earnest belief in spiritual things, and more
thorough experience of the impressions of the
Holy Spirit iu our hearts \vas needed. Remarks
in a similar strain followed, by Rev. LS. Norton
of Northbridge, F. M. Stowei of Holden, T. K.
Earle of Worcester, Messrs. Smith of Paxton,
Blanchard of Spencer, Woodburi’ of Worcester,
Batchelder of North Brookfield, Rev. Mr. Malla
lieu and others.
It was voted to hold the next quarterly meet
inn at Trinity church in Worcester, in February.
After a A’Ote of thanks to the ladies of the
church for their hospitality, and prayer by Rev.
S. J. Johnson of Millbury, the convention ad
journed.
The Weather.
Washington, Nov. 10.—The rising barome
ter, with clear and clearing weather, will proba
bly prevail on Saturday from New York to Lake
Superior and southward to the gulf. The storm
in New York will probably pass northeast over
New England, reaching Nova Scotia Saturday
night, the high northwest winds on Lake Erie
and New Jersey following closely in its rear.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
ro the wout EaTEii daily
From Washington.
NEW MEXICO.
Washington, Nov. 10.—The acting com
missioner oi Indian affairs has received a com
munication from Agent Piper, dated Canada,
Alamasa, New Mexico, October 24, reporting
that the Apache Indians were coming in daily
so last that the supply of corn would soon be
exhausted. Nineteen hundred rations were is
sued Unit day. He asks authority to purchase
HO,OOO pounds ol corn in the open market prior
to awarding the contract for 500,000 pounds.
The Oyotu chief, Chira, had arrived, bringing
190 Indians. Cochise, who was at Canada, Ala
masa, said a great many more would be in
shortly.
pension agent.
General Sickles, successor to Colonel Forbes,
pension agent at Philadelphia, was qualified be
fore the commissioner of pensions to-day.
CABINET MEETING.
All the members of the cabinet were present
at the meeting to-day, which continued nearly
four hours. The larger portion of the time was
occupied in the result of the civil service com
mission, which was explained by Mr. Curtis,
member of the board.
THE HORNET.
This government and the Spanish authorities
have not yet arrived at an agreement respecting
the Hornet, now at Port an Prince menaced by
Spanish vessels. Correspondence is in progress
between the secretary of state ami Minister
Roberts, the former protesting against the act of
seizuteof that vessel, which is under the Ameri
can flag.
GEORGIA.
It appears from Georgia papers that much
alarm prevails, under the apprehension that the
president will declare martial law in that state.
It may be safely said, however, that such is not
his design, there being nothing in theoreseni
condition of any part of Georgia to warrant
such a measure.
ARIZONA.
Superintendent Bendel I is directed by the sec
retary of tne interior to have his headquarters
with Gen. Crook, and the two are expected to
confer and work together. If both persuasions
and threats fail to induce the warriors to accept
the terms of the government, Gen. Crook will
have the opportunity to engage in a vigorous
campaign, in which he will not be hampered
and restrained and his efforts thwarted by the
agents of the peace commission, because they
have consented in advance to the policy. It is
hoped that, with the exercise of good judgment
and wise discretion by the officers ol govern
ment in the execution of their orders, the Indian
outrages in Arizona at least may be hereafter
suspended.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Commissioner Drummond of the general land
office, in his annual report, besides recommend
ing the appointment of officers to supci vise the
land agents in diflci ent sections of the country,
will call the attention of congress to the neces
sity of making a general modification of the
homestead law, in order that the causes of
many of the hardships which settlersnow sutler
may be removed. The commissioner will also
suggest the necessity of appointing commissions
on private land claims in Colorado and New
Mexico, to sic and adjudicate such claims for
consideration ol the courts.
A report was published recently that Senator
Scott, chairman of the kuklux committee, had
recommended issuing the proclamation, but that
gentleman denies that the report has the least
foundation.
small rox.
Prominent gentlemen here attribute the
spread of small pox in Philadelphia and other
cities to the sale of buffalo robes there, taken
I rom the Blacktcet and Picgan camps, where
the disease prevailed two years ago.
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, Nov. 10. —Charles O’Conor (says
that Field will never take a scat in the legisla
ture, to which he Avas elected on Tuesday.
The discharging of men who voted the reform
ticket commenced yesterday, in the tire depart
ment repair shop.
At a meeting of the union league chib last
night, resolutions congratulatory upon the
triumph over the ring in the recent elections
were passed, and that the people demand that
the reform be continued by legislative enactment
securing the purity of rhe ballot-box, and that
m'.screants shall be punished to the full extent of
the law; that the charges of venality against the
judges of our courts be investigated, in order
tiiat the people m ty feel assured that justice can
not be bought or sold in the future, and that
legislative investigation into all the departments
an I offices of this city be made.
Sigel publishes a card thanking the people for
their confidence in him, and requesting that evi
dence of repeating be sent him inorder that the
culprits may be punished.
Samuel Tilden, in an aldrcss at the banquet
of the Mercantile library association, urged
young merchants to uphold the future integrity
of the state by atten ling to political as well as
mercantile duties, and eulogizing the action of
the merchants during the past month in favor oi
political reform.
The Herald states that Tammany members of
the board of aldermen and assistant aldermen
held a secret caucus on Wednesday night, and it
is believed that they w ill attemp to hold over
another year, alleging that the new board this
year was unconstitutional. They threaten
damaging exposures of the leaders unless they
are backed up in their claims.
It is rumored that Hilton will resign from the
department of parks. H ink Smith, Tammanv
republican, will resign from the police commis
sion and Hitehman from the fire commissioners.
The orders for the arrest of Ingersoll, Garvey
and Woodward, all will be returned to-day. In
gersoll is in town ready with bail. AH these
cases will be brought before Judge Learned.
The case of Haggerty and Baulch, the voucher
thieves, comes up next week.
The Sun says that Tweed will soon resign,
and the mayor will appoint McClellan his suc
cessor as commissioner of public works.
The republican majority in this state is 17,000.
The amount of independent A’oting is unprece
dented, and the m ijoritics for republican sena
tors and representatives is much larger than the
state ticket. The assembly will be fifty-eight
republicans and thirty-two democrats.
In accordance with the writ of habeas corpus,
the counsel for Jim Irving appeared this morn
ing and requested a postponement of the hear
ing till the afternoon. It is understood that
United States Attorney Davis agreed to the bail
ing of Irving, which will release him from cus
tody.
Judge Henry Kcltcr to-day sent a communica
tion to the mayor tendering his resignation as
park commissioner, to take effect upon the ap
pointment of his suecesscr. He sa\ s: I'hc de
partment lias been a longtime largely in arrears
to the employes and those who furnished labor
and materials under contracts and upon pur
chases made for the uses of the department in
the prosecution of extensive works under its
charge. Requisitions for the necessary moneys
have been made from time to time upon the con
troller, but with noeffeqt, and under the circum
stances, 1 am unwilling to remain longer in the
department'”
Rumors says the bureau of correction of mu
nicipal corruption has discovered evidence
against Peter B. Sweeney upon which they pro
pose to ask for his arrest. Charles O’Conor is
reticent upon the subject.
It is reported that a number of reform leaders
will, immediately upon the assemblage of the
legislature, ask the removal of Police Justices
Ledwith, Dowling, Shandley, Hogan and Cox.
Members of the board of aldermen arc said to
be determined to demand their own reappoint
ment by the mayor. In the event of his refusal,
some threaten to impeach him for fraud and in
competency, for having affixed his signature to
the Keyser and Ingersoll warrants. Alderman
Coman denies the latter part of the report, but
says he has no intention of vacating his office,
and believes no certificate of election will be
issued to the aldermen chosen Tuesday.
.Six or seven hundred large pipe men, nearly
all discharged since election, were around the
court house most ot the day endeavoring to get
pay for six weeks of work. The controller ex
pects to compensate them in a day or two.
James W. Pair is dying from a blow on his
head by James Conkling, election night, in the
eleventh ward. Conkling was arrested.
The publishers of the .Spectator have issued a
table, showing the aggregate losses of companies
by states, the number suspended mid assessed,
aiid the number unaffected by the Chicago fire.
The total number of companies in the United
States is 885; aggregate capital, $74,939,216;
total gross assets, $185,420,426; total losses,
$82,821,122; companies suspended, fifty-seven;
number assessed, twentv eighl; number not in
the fire, eighty-seven. Losses ol companies by
states:
New York
Ohio ’»813,
Massachusetts 4,48J,r»<i0
Pennsylvania
Illinois 33,878,000
Connecticut 9,325,000
Rhode Island 2,072,500
California 2,.«50,000
Missouri 575,000
Maryland 397,165
Wisconsin 290,000
Michigan 175,000
Minnesota lOC',OOO
Maine 30.C00
Kentucky 6,800
Loss of foreign companies, $5,818,000.
Jim Irving was up before Judge Woodruff
this afternon on an indictment charging him
with a violent assault on United States Deputy
Marshal Dowley. He pleaded not guilty. Ap
plication for bail was opposed by the district at
torney, on the ground that Dowley is In a critic-
WORCESTER: SATURDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11. 1871.
al condition. A commission >f physicians was
appointed to examine his state. General Me-
Dowell was present in court, and it was deter-
mined not to remove Irving to a fort nt present.
There is no penalty for killihg an officer under
the United States laws, and in case of the death
of Dowley, after punishment for assault Irving
must be turned over to the state courts to
answer to the charge of killing. Subsequently,
on a report of Dr. Place, that Dowley’s life is in
danger, but he did not think he would die, Ir- I
ving was admitted to bail in SIO,OOO.
There is said to have been a cordial meeting I
of Senator Fenton and Collector Murphy, last i
evening ami the hatchet was buried. Greeley
is less tractable, but it is understood that he
signs the truce.
Judge Bedford, to-day, refused an application
for delay in a case where the complainant was
in the house of detention, saying that such
cases should have the preference on the calen
dar.
Isaac Bell lias resigned ns a commissioner of
charities.
Gen. Banks and family left this morning for
Waltham.
The reform committee hold daily sessions.
Brooklyn returns from several districts in
that city arc still missing.
Elee and Gustave May, Paris communists,
were acquitted on charge of smuggling dia
monds.
Henry A. Shenbrelner was sentenced to five
years in the state prison for highway robbery.
There were several arrests to day for violation
of the election law.
A German boy named Frank, fourteen years
old, was arrested for incendiarism in Hoboken.
The republicans of Brooklyn to-day claim
that, by a fair count of the votes cast Tuesday,
their candidate for mayor, Samuel Booth, is
elected by a large majority, and also their can
didate for city auditor. Nelson Shaurman. The
democracy admit the election of the latter, and
also the election of Charles B. Morton, republi
can candidate for the assembly in the seventh
district. The returns are not all in, and those
received arc in almost hopeless confusion. Those
of the fourth district, 21st ward, were stolen to
day from the office ol the city clerk by un
known parries. The investigating committee
to-day examined a number of poll clerks and in
spectors in regard to repeating and other elec
tion frauds.
Judge James of Ogdensburg, sitting at L ike
George, decided yesterday that the consolidated
mortgage bonds, amounting to $30,000,000, is
sued by the Erie railway company in Sept., 1870,
are valid in every respect ;$23,500,0000f the txmds
were to be placed with the Farmers loan and
trust company, to be exchanged for old bonds,
and the remainder put on the maiket. The .a
liditywas contested by some preferred stock
holders, who, according to the decision, failed
to prove the allegations impeaching the issue.
A great indignation meeting to denounce the
Brooklyn democratic ring was held to-night at
the Brooklyn Academy of Music. The building
was literally crammed. Mayor Kalbileisch pre
sided, and spoke at great length, to the effect
that false counting of votes had taken place at
every i went election, and declared that it was
necessary to go to the legislature for a law to
require certain qualifications in the inspector of
elections. United States Attorney Tracey said
a gang of twenty reneaters went round openly
on election day, and voted in almost every dis
trict and even- ward in the city, with the conniv
ance of the police; at least 10,000 fraudulent
votes were cast.
FROM EUROPE.
AiiMtrin*
ROYAL COMPLIMENT.
Vienna, Nov. 10. —The emperor has addressed
a complimentary letter to Count Beust, thank
ing him warmly lor his services, and appointing
him a life member of the upper chamber of the
rcichsrath.
<*rcnt Britain.
THE NEW’ AUSTRIAN MINISTER.
Londjn, Nov. 10.—It is asserted in diplomatic
circles, that the appointment of Count von Beust
as Austrian ambassador at London, is with a
view of attempting to arrange a protective alli
ance between the governments of Austria, Rus
xia and Great Britain against that of Prussia.
It is understood that a conference will shortly
take place between Mr. Gladstone and Count
von Beust, and probably Biron Brunow, the
Russian representative in this city, at wh ch the
views of the Austrian ambassador will be ad
vanced and discussed. A considerable amount
of interest has been awakened here as to the re
sult of the conference.
Germany.
STATUE UNVEILED.
Berlin,, Nov. 10.—The ceremony of unveil
ing the statue of Schiller was observed to-day,
in the presence of the emperor, thecroivn prince,
Prince Frederick Charles and Gen. Wrangel.
The crowd was large and enthusiastic.
RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
The North German Gazette, official, says cab
inet changes at Vienna will in no respect affect
the relations between the courts of Vienna and
Berlin.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Nov. 10.—In al) but six towns, Gov.
Washburn’s majority over all others is 18,905,
which will probably be increased to 14,500. Gov.
Chiflin’s majority was 8861.
This evening a man, named Bingham, from
Vermont, was knocked down on Cragie bridge,
East Cambridge, and robbed of a watch ami
forty dollars.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Nov. 10.—Charles Paine, brake
man on the Hartford, Providence and Fishkill
railroad, knocked from the freight train yester
day, died in the hospital to-day. He belonged
to Sag Harbor, L. I.
Chicago Dispatches.
Fire Engine* to be Purchased—lnMurnuce
CompauieM, etc.
Chicago, Nov. 10.—Under the influence of
high rates of insurance on grain in the ware
houses, the proprietors have determined to pur
chase each a steam fircengine, the whole number
to be called out upon necessity. Each ware
house is to have a steam pump connected with
pipes radiating tbroughont the building, avert
ing the necessity of insuring the warehouses
and contents.
Judge Williams has decided not to appoint a
receiver in the cases of the Continental and Gar
den City insurance companies of Chicago, no al
legations against the companies showing bad
faith.
Criminal Record.
serious charges.
San Francisco,Nov. 10.—The United States
grand jury at lucson, Arizona, make formal
charges against the managers of the Indian
reservation of the territory, showing that the
Apaches go on the war path at will, spe
cilying numerous murders committed by the
Indians direct from Camp Grant; also charging
that the Indians are supplied by the agents with
arms and ammunition, and their women pros
tituted by the officers in charge.
ESCAPED FROM JAIL.
Chicago, Nov. 10. —Five prisoners, awaiting
trial, iu the Iroquois county jail, at Watseka,
Illinois, broke out and escaped on the morning
of the 8(h.
RESPITED.
Memphis, Nov. 10.—David Rose, colored, to
have been hanged at Grenada, Mississippi to
day, for murdering his wife, was respited till
the 30th.
Fire Record.
AT BOSTON—LOSS NOT STATED.
Boston, Nov. 10.—Afire broke out to-night
in the building Nos. 94 and 96 Blackstone street,
occupied by: S. G. Davis, tin box manufacturer;
Jones Carpenter, japanners; Roberts Wei>-
ster, grocers, on the ground fluor. The stocks
were badly damaged by fire and water. The
building was damaged about SISOO.
AT MENDOTA ILL.,—LOSS $14,000.
Chicaco, Nov. 10.—A fire at Mendota, this
afternoon, resulted in the destruction of seven
buildings, including the Waverly house. Loss
$14,000.
AT PORT HOPE—LOSS $50,000.
Port Hope, Canada, Nov. 10.—Monson’s
mills were burned this morning, with some
small buildings and 13,000 bushels of grain.
Loss, $85,000; insured for $18,000; incendiary.
Abbreviated DispatcheN.
Honduras is in a disturbed condition.
Work has begun on the Costa Rica railroad.
Albany had light snow all day yesterday.
The small pox is raging at Lima.
The presidential election in Peru has resulted
in favor of Gen. Prado.
A club of “muscular Christians” has just been
foimed in New Yoik.
The governor of Wyoming recommends that
female suffrage be not repealed.
The special French mission to Metz is with
drawn.
Gen. Augur left Salt Lake yesterday for
Washington, to report to President Grant on
the situation in Utah.
The navigation of the Baltic has closed for
the season in consequence of ice.
Salvador prohibits the carrying of coolie
emigrants in Salvadorian vessels.
The Chilian government is planning a scheme
to effectually occupy the Auracaolan territory.
A riot occurred in Lima during the election.
Six men killed and seventy wounded.
Political troubles continue in Gautemala. The
archbishop and bishop have been exiled for com
plicity in the late revolution.
The Georgia house has passed a bill providing
for holding n special election for governor on the
second Tuesday in December.
t Six acres ot woodland were burned Thursday
by a spark from a locomotive in Westchester 1
countv, N. Y.
A St. Paul dispatch says:“Returns swell Aus
tin’s majority to 8222, with the upper counties
to hear from
Gen. McClellan is named as Tweed's successor
in the department ol public works in case the
latter resigns or is dismissed.
It is estimated that real estate in New York is
worth at least twenty-five per cent more than it
was before the election.
The news of the disasters by the whaling fleet
caused immediate and heavy advance in the
price of sperm oil in London.
It is reported that Ashbury will be a candi
date for representative in Brighton upon the i
next parliamentary vacancy of that borough.
Thomas Splllett committed suicide on Thurs
day in Williamsburg, having been deserted on
Wednesday by his wife and children.
Large amounts of silver bullion are being re
ceived from the Ely district, Utah. The ship
ments of base bullion and ore are extremely
light.
Thiers has visited Ilie military school of St.
Maur, where he witnessed the examination of
punils, inspected the quarters and held a re
view.
The state department in Quirinal palace,
Rome, is in preparation for the permanent resi
dence of Victor Emanuel on his arrival at the
Italian capital.
The bar association of Richmond county, Gil,
unanimously passed resolutions requesting con
gress to establish u United States district court,
with circuit powers, in Augusta.
The Ogden, Utah, papers claim, on the prac
tical tests of Cornwall experts and practical
miners, that the tin discoveries at that place are
bona fide.
Comparative cotton statement: Receipts from
September 1, 572,280 bales; same time in 1870,
677,631; exports, 215,283; same time in 1870,
272,138.
The suit of Morris and Ingalls, receivers of
the Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Lafayette rail
road, against H. C Lord, former president, lor
the recovery of $248,000, was dismissed.
On Tuesday, A. T. Stewart gave every clerk
time to vote, and did not close his store lest 5000
sewing girls, who are paid by tie job, should
lose a day’s pay.
Olive Logan, in her lecture at New York,
Thursday night, was very severe on the free
lovers, and while advocating female suffrage,
said freelovc is not on our banners, and Victoria
Woodhull is not our leader.
J. H. Evans, twenty-three years of age, was
found dead Thursday morning in Fairmount
park, Philadelphia. A bottle of laudanum was
found in his pocket, and it is supposed that he
committed suicide.
On Thursday morning, John Kirk, aged forty
years was run over by a cart at the junction of
Twenty-second street and Ridge avenue, Phila
delphia, receiving injuries from which he died
in a few moments.
The Charleston, S. C., Howmd association
have passed a resolution giving notice that, as
the yellow fever has nearly ceased, the active
operations ol the association will terminate on
the 15th.
Five hundred thousand dollars of the stock of
the Northern Missouri railroad, owned by the
county of St. Louis, was sold to the managers
of that road for $85,000, the purchasers assum
ing the expenses incurred in the suit pending
against the company.
A boiler in the blacksmith shop of the Pitts
burg, Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad com
pany, at Fort Wayne, exploded on Thursday.
Six men were injured.
The president and Mrs. Grant left Washing
ton last night for New York with General Sher
man and Lieutenant. Grant, who sail for Europe
to-day from that port on the Wabash.
Advices from Aspinwall are to the 2d inst.
The Spanish war steamer Tornado was still
watching the American steamer Virginia. An
attempt to capture her was apprehended, des
pite the protectorate of the New Granadian gov
ernment and the United States consul.
A Havana letter of the 4th states that a large
number of arrests by the government of parlies
heretofore entirely unsuspected of sympathy
with the insurgents have been made, and the
parties sent to the Isle ol Pines, The arrests
number forty, including merchants, lawyers and
planters.
The great topic in mining circles, in Utah,
continues to be the suits of the Eureka com
pany versus the Aspinwall and others at Provo.
The chief mines in litigation are the King David
and May Henrietta, both very rich if not the
richest in the territory.
In Philadelphia on Tuesday afternoon, two
rival gangs of boys indulged in a stone fight at
Reader’s street wnarf, during winch one of the
boys discharged a pistol. The ball entered the
left temple of Hugh Caroll, who is now in a dy
ing condition.
The telegraph convention which will assemble
in Rome on the first of December next, will be
the most important assemblage ol such a char
acter that has ever been held. Representatives
will lie present from every government in Eu
rope as well as from such governments of Asia
and Africa as have telegraph lines within their
territory.
Colonel John E. Smith, of the fourteenth in
fantry, has been ordered to Washington for a
conference in regard to Indian affairs, he having
had a long experience with the Indians. Major
IL Clay Wood, of Maine, has been relieved from
duty asassistant adjutant general of the depart
ment of Texas, and ordered to duty’ at Portland,
Oregon.
It is given out at the treasury department
that the amount ol new loan bonds sent to Lon
don is about $60,000,000. The general impres
sion is that nearly double this amount has gone.
The last detail of clerks who sailed tor London
took with them $7,000,000 of the bonds.
Senator Sherman, on being questioned con
cerning the report of possible defection among
the republicans of Ohio on the subject of the
United States senatorship, says there is not a
republican elected to the state legislature whom
he would suspect of making combinations with
the democrats to defeat the republican nomina
tions. He also says very emphatically that all
the talk about pledges to him is pure fiction;
and that, so far as he knows, every member is
entirely free to decide for himself what repub
lican ought to be nominated, and that all will
cheerfully abide the decision of the majority.
The white settlers near the Indian territory
seem determined to steal the Indian lands.
They seem possessed with the idea that speedy
extermination surely awaits the red men, and
that those who have secured a lodgment in their
territory will do so to their profit. The various
warnings given them by the secretary of the in
terior have not had the desired effect to cause
them to leave. It has come to this that the pres
ervation of the faith of the government with
the Indians in the interests of peace requires
that those who settle upon the Indian hinds con
trary to treaty stipulations shall be removed,
and it is probable a call will soon be made upon
the war department to sec that their removal is
made.
pATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amen
can ana Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ap
plications re-argued; Interference Cases Prosecuted:
Opinions given as to the validity and infringement of
Patentsand Suits prosecuted and defended in thoU.Pi
Courts, by
THOa. II DODGE.
{formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of |tbe
Board of Appeals, U. H. Patent office,) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Case?. Office,
Block, corner Park and Portland sis. Worcester, Maes.
u 24 d&wif
QLIVER’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STREET OLI) NO.
my 24 dtf
0 A L VIN L.GOD ITa R D S
Burring Machine Works,
Second Avenue, Corner Twenty-Second St.
Office No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
Manutacture the
PATENT MESTIZO BURRING PICKERS,
PATENT WORSTED BURRING PICKERS,
PATENT DOMESTIC BURRING PICKERS
OILKRM to attach to Pickers. Patent Steel Ring an I
Solid Packing.
BIRRING BfACniNES,
Made Single and Double, for first breakers of Wool
Carding Machines; Fine Burring Machines for the second
breakers and finishers.
Improved steei Ring Feed Rolls, plane and interact
ing. with Patent adjustable spring boxes.
Shake Willows with blowers.
Waste Dusters, Colton Gins. Blowers. &c.
EXCELSIOR!
At the International Exhibition in London. 1R62. and
at the Paris Exposition of 1867. our Mestizo Burring
received a PRIZE MEDAL award; A GOLD
MEDAL at American Institute Fair. New York, 100
anddn 1867. I8l», and 1870 the highest award.
At the American Institute Fair. New York, 1855, our
Machine for cards, was awarded A GOLD
a l l subsequent exhibitions the HK.ll
Esr AWARD; and in 1870 our Double Burrcr received
FIRST PREMIUM.
Al American Institute Fair, 1809 and 1870, our Steel
Ring Feed Rolls received Bt premium.
At American Institute Fair, 1870. our Worsted Burring
Picker was awarded the Ist premium.
tr; Ouk Steel Ring Ecrking Machines are the
onlt Solid Packing Burring Machines in the Mar
ket. Workmanship and Operation are guaranteed.
Our Illust rated Catalogue can be had on application.
Prompt attention given to all inquiries and orders, by
the proprietor.
fit dtf E. GODDARD.
VUST step IN TO FLETCHEB’S, and
9N look at those Gentlemen's slippers, just received
‘rom the Manufactory. No. 3 Bay State House Block.
One Price Store, 285 Main st. dtf n 2
PRIZE «75 GOLI) WATCH wil' I.
given the most succ-esstul studeut, male or f’inalc,
of the AM fifty entering the N. K. Telegraph A<ademy.
161 Tremont street, Boston. Apply or send stamp for
circulars at once. deoptn26 n 6
IVOTiCE.—AII persons are hereby forbidden
v giving credit on my account, without an order from
me. H. O. ROCHE
Worcester. Nov. 4,1871. d3t n 6
ICE BlLLS!—Please call and pay your Ice
Bills, at No. 4 Exchange si. Office hours from io a.
m. to 12K, 3to 4 and 7toßp. m.
_ B. WALKER A CO.
JUST STEP IN TO FLETCHER’S. »i7d
look at those Gentlemen’s Slippers. Inst received
from the Manufactory. No. 3 Bay Stare House Block,
One Trice store, 253 Main st. 7 dtf
gottm.
r WILL RESTORE THE COLOR TO
GRAY OR FA»EI» HAIR!
W A R R E N S
\or poisonous
Hair Restorer
Secured in United States Patent Office. Sept. 19,1871.
No Srdim£Nt. Clear as Water and as Pi rs. It
contains no OH. Alcohol or Spirits; consequently it will
not Gum the Hair or make it dry and wiry. No 'ilrale
of SI ver, Sugar of Lead, Lae Sulphur, Ac. It will
RESTORE THE COLOR
to Gray or Fade l Hair. It will PREVENT the Hair from
falling off. li will tend to
MAKE THE IIAIK GROW.
M ANI'FACTVRKD BY
I’DWLX A. WARREN,
Apothecary,
IN’ BAY STATE HOUSE, WORCESTER.
To whom all orders should t»e addressed.
<>3o did
j RBEN WOO D IN STITUTE,
8 Miles from Bosten,
ON THE BOSTON AMI MAINE R. R.
This Institution is established for the reception and
treatment of patients >utbring from ’iseasc or derange
ment of the nervous system, caused by i vertaxinK the
brain, by too sedentary habits, or t lie excessive or in
iudicious use of alcoholic or narcotic stimulants.
The terms tor hoard and treatment are from >ls to S3O
a week, varying according to the accommodations re
quired for the patients, incases requiringextraordi
narv care and attention, there will be a proportionate
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed to me at Grwnwiwil, Mass., or
at my office in Boston, will be immediately answered.
Patients arc expected to remain such length of time
as may be deemed necessary.
Payments will he required in advance.
Boston Office—Rooms No. Il Tremont Temple. OffiC
hours—lo a. m. t<» 2 o'clock r. m.
ALBER r DAY, M. D..
Superintendent and Physician.
Greenwood, Auf. 12,1871. deop39t old
Harnesses i BSuS
BUFFALO ROBES!
niNKD A.ND UNEIMEn,
WOOL KOBES!
lIORHE BEANKETS!
(lIDIAGLES mid
WHIPS I
A stock equal to any in the city, which we arc selling
at Low Prices, al
LAMSON, GLAZIER CO.'S,
n 7 dtf 202, 204 and 206 Main st.
pEVE Y’ S DEN TA L R()O MS.
A. FAIR OFFER!
Artificial Teeth for Difficult Mouths!
A TRIAE WITHOUT PRICE!
The most difficult cases solicited. Those having tried
several times without success preferred. 1 desire to
make such a set hy my new method ot attaching plates
to difficult mouths, and no expense will be incurred by
the applicant. CH AS. K. PEVEY.
432 Main st., cor Pleasant. Worcester, Mass.
n 3 dtf
JJO W N GO T II E PRICES!
AT
PRENTICE'S MARKET,
11 South.bridge Street,
<OR. MY KT EE ST.
Call and examine meats and prices, and be con
vinced t hat the cheapest place to trade is at this market.
n 3 dim*
ULASTTC SPONGK
MATTRESSMS,
PILLOWS,
PEW CUSHIONS,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THE BALE OR POUND.
We invite Hie public to call and examine our “Elastic
Sponge” goods, which we are now selling in large quan
tities, and which are giving great satistaction.
Sponge makes a softer Mattress than Hair, and will
hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushioning
Churches. Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse Cars, it
wi l be found the best article in use, and is warranted
proof against moths.
We should he pleased to send Circular of reference to
any who desire.
HALEY, MOUSE CO.,
SOLE AGENTS FOR N. E. STATES.
I ll "Washington Street, Boston
nf> d£w4w'
Dollar" reward soap wag<he's
without rubbing; Removes Pitch, Tar. Paint,
Grease, Sweat and Leather Stains, rfv.; Washes with
Hot or Cold, Hard, Soft, or Salt Water; Saves Labor,
Time, Fuel. Clothes, and Money. Clothes washed with
it wear twice as long as If washed with common soap.
One pound of it will wash from ten to fifteen dozen
Jileces of onlinary family washing, it washes the Ji nest
ace without injury, and renders all articles as clear and
bright as new.
The Dollar Reward Soap!
Try it in the Bathroom it leaves the skin cool, smooth
and soft Use it to cleanse your Marble Orimments.
Mantels. Door-steps. &c., and Brick Walks and Alleys.
Use it with scouring-brick in cleansing Iron or steel; It
saves half the labor, and gives a better appearance. It
makes iin Ware shine like new, ami has no equal in
cleansing glass or china Dissolved in boiling waler,
makes the best and cheapest Soft Soap in the world.
For sale by HOLDEN BROS., Worcester. d3m
Q E PTE M B E~K 17 18 71.
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Dnigrerists.
PROPRIETORS OF
Medical Hall, Estab. 1847.
430 Main St., cor. Pleasant,
DEALERS IN
Pure Drugs
and all the PATENT MEDICINES in the market.
WINES AM) LIQUOKS for medicinal use—ALL WAR
RANTED PUKE AND UNADULTERATED.
tt?*OUR
“A NIMBUS PENNY IK BETTER
THAN A SLOW KIXPENC’E.”
Wc respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
>1 dir
|\r i: i l 11: en< e office
Room Nu. 14, Ist Nnt. Hank Building.
Property rented and rents collected. Houses, tene
ments, shops, stores, and rooms obtained for those who
wish. Help obtained for general housework, and situa
tions fouu 1 lor D imestics on the most reasonable terms.
ill .Iti.il GREENWOOD A
WM IA RBO UQU I B R
*TU< CO WORKER.
Centre Piece* made very low. Repairing Alabaster in
Artistic Work. No 39 Thomas st., Worcester, Mass.
n 3 d2w*
ri~ A v AN D sIR Aw
CHOICE CANADA HAY,
BKIOHT WESTERN STRAW
by the 'ar Load, Ton. or Single Bale.
Also. Oats, Meal, Feed, &c., at No. 41 Waldo St.
old No. 9.
jyg dtf W. H. GAY A CO.
DUTTER I BUTTER!! BUTTER!.’!
Received this day. 75 Tubs of
CHOICE YORK STATE BUTTER!
Any person wishing a choice tub of Butter, can be
supplied by calling upon or addressing
A. P. SPAULDING,
n 8 deop3t* j 3 Gold st.
EBI IBLISHED IN I’. YOUNG,
Dealer in Fancv Goods. Toys, and Useful Articles
Umbrellas and Parasols Repaired. Pinking in a num
ber of styles, stamping for Embroidery.
Agency of the French Dye Uou»e. of Boston. Goods
sent to the Dye Honse.. on Fridays.
P ease observe the sign of The Variety Store,” No 226
Ma n street, nearly opposite the QuinsiKamend Baus.
•e-27 deonff
CHICAGO
V/ ASD THE
GREAT CONFLAGRATION I
A concise history es the past of this most wonderful
of cities, and a detailed, cirromslautial anc vivid account
of its destruction by fire; with scenes, incidents, &e.
By Messrs. COLBERT ,t CHAMBERLuN. City Editor*
ot the Chicago Tribune. Fully illustrated from Pho;o
---graphs taken on the spot. Agents wanted. Address
C, F- WENT,
n 3 d.twlm 58 Murray it. New York.
PRICE I CENTS.
yinaiutal.
TO N E 1> WN E It,
BANKERS,
‘2B State St., Boston.
DEAEERS IN
American and Foreign Specie and Coupons.
BUY AND KEEE
City, State, Countv and United States Bonds.
AOEN'TM FOR NAEEOF
Bublinoton. Cedar Rapids, and Minnesota First
Morioage k. B Bonds, 7 per cent, in Gold.
Noßtm itN Pacific R. R. Bonds, 7 3-10 in Gold, ami the
L. S. FUNDED I,OAN.
ALSO. FOR MAKE,
European and Sorth American First Mortgage r.
R. Bonds, 6 per cent, m Gold, at 90 and lntcrc*t.
We draw Ex< liniia«> on S;m Fi-ntieiwco. Mon-
Irval, Si .lohn, and llalitux, and Buy and soil
«>n t omim.-<on Stocks an i Bonds m Bo ton and New
York. Inquiries by mail promptly answered.
Special attention lo packages received by express.
*2O deoptini
QEEIUE OK
FISK A HATCH,
BANKERS AND FINANCIAL AGENTS
OF TMR
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAIL-
ROAD COMPANY,
No. 5 Nassau st., New York.
The rails are Iwing laid on the Western Division of ICO
miles of the Extension of t his
HKEAT EAST AND WEST TKI NK
EINE,
which in a short time will b, ready for general travel
and traffi?, and for the transportation of Kanawha coal
to the. Ohio River tor the We.-tern markets.
I he earnings of the Eastern Division of 227 miles as a
local road, awaiting the completion of the Middle Divis
ion of 100 miles, will reach, this year, nearly SMM,OOO.
The total cost of the entire road, and the large equip
ment required for its mineral and through traffic, will be
fully $30,000,000.
The total amount of the FIRST MORTGAGE BONDS,
which wc are now selling, is Fifteen Million dollars,
of which only about Four Millions remain unsold,
<he propped* of whtph. with the Cash on
hand, will be ample for the Completion of
the Entire Une.
The Inducements they offer to investors are:
d perfect security.
Great popularity and a high price when the road is
finished
The same rate of interest as Fire-twenties.
Principal and interest botn payable in United States
gold coin in New lort City.
Their present low price (mi and accrued interest from
Nov. 1,1 which is about 20 per cent, less than Five twen
ties, with equal certainty of payment of interest and
principal.
We recommend them to our friends and customers
with the same confidence with which we have always
recommended the United States Government and the
Central Pacific Bonds.
We continue to buy and sell Central Pacific Bonds
at the market price, ami fully expect they will, in time,
reach the price of Five-twenty Bon Js. They are dealt in
at all the principal money centres of the world; the
Company have none left, ami can Issue no more, on their
Main Line, as the amount was fixed by act o’ Umigrcss
t $'.’5,885,000; the property p'cdged to secure the bond
holders Is
WORTH FULLY ONE HUNDRED MILLIONS
the net receipts of the road for the year will Im> nearly
three times the interest payments thereon.
The Chesapeake and Ohio Bosdt are issued in SIOO.
SSOO, $1000; either coupon or registered; interest, six per
cent., gold, payable May and November.
The central Pacific Bunds are all for SIOOO each;
interest six per cent., gold, payable January and July, in
New York City.
Wo buy and sell Five Twenties, Ten-Forties,
Eighty-Ones, ami Central or Western Pacifics, or
receive them In payment for Chesapeake and Ohio
BoNDSjit their current market Drive.
Orders for hesapeake and Ohio Bonds, accompanied
with Drafts or Checks, may be forwarded to by mail
Bonds or money maybe forwarded by any respectable
Expre-s Company at our expense, and tl e C i siqieake
and Ohio Bonds, in exchange, will be sum by return
Express, charges paid.
Deposit accounts of banks, bankersand others received,
on which we allow interest at the rate of four percent, per
annum. Checks drawn on us arc payable on pr eenta
tion. without notice, the same ax at a .National Bank.
Certificates of Deposit, bearing interest at special rates
to be agreed upon, will be issued to Savings Hanks, In
stitutions, Tins ees of Estates, and others having sums
ot money awaiting investment.
Orders for Investment Stocksand Bonds executed at
the Stock Exchange. Government Securities bought and
sold, ax usual, al current market rales.
FISK HATCH.
HARVEY FISK.
A. S. HATCH. deop£weop2m n 4
rjui a
WISCONSIN CENTRAL
Railroad Co's
KIRS T AI O RTG TV G K.
Seven Per Cent. Gold
LAND GRANT SINKING FUND BOND,
FREE OF GOVERNMENT TAX.
<L» miles nearly completed—4o more under contract,
Funds on hand to build this I <ls miles and equip it.
These bonds are issued no faster than s2s,irmi per mile
en road completed and equipped.
SECURED
By Koad, Franchises. Rolling Stock, Buildings, and all
other Property, including over
700,000 Acres
TlMllElt OU IROV LASDS,
The whole based upon a large cash subscription by many
of the liest and most well known merchants of Boston
and New York.
OFFICERS OF THE COMPANT.
GARDNER COLBY President.
Hon. GEO. REED. Vice President
JluN. BAM L H. WALLF Y Treasurer.
(President Nat. Revere Bank Boston.)
trustees.
Hon. GEO. T. BIGELOW, Actuary of the Mass.
Hospital Life Ins. Co., Boston.
JOHN A. STEw ART, Esq President United States
Trust Co., New York.
These Bonds will lie sold at 1)5 and accrued interest
in currency.
United states Bonds taken in exchange at market
ra es, tree of commissions
B*loo in U. S. 5-20 s. yielding an income ot #504
I"'' v ir n ..LI, u ;i:-pnr. li.iM to-da' MiO.OoO "f
AAis. Cent. R. R. Bonds, yielding an income ot S7OO
per year in gold.
We strongly recommend these Bonds to all classes of
investors.
BKKWBTER, BWKKT Ac CO.,
IVo. 40 State St-, Hoatou,
o 2« dim
WALK EK, AN DR BWB CO.
52 Wall St.. New York,
ANDREWS CO.,
IO Place Vendome, Faris,
BANKERS.
Bonds, Stocks and Gold bought and sold on commission
Deposits received at interest. Loans negotiated.
Travelers’ and Commercial Credits issued.
Exchange drawn on Paris, and on the
SMk UNION BANK OF LONDON.
«19 deoply
jg ST A B ROOK It S MITH
have a few thousand dollars
TO LOAN
fora short time.
ROOM NO. ROGER*’ BLOCK, ctroer
Main and Ph-ivant dt f
TO LOAN!
*33 dU L. A. KEY de CO.
AUAEKiiIiLAte
IV Daily Spy—For the “Square' of ten lines sol
agate type, 1 time 75 ct*.; each subsequent Insertion
eta.; 1 week $2.75; 2 weeks $4.00; 1 month $6,110; 1 J rat
s6o—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two 'ines for one week $1.00; three Une $1 25;
our lines $1.37; five liness!so Local notice* 25 confs
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cent* per
line. Obituary notices, rest lu'ions, Ac.. 15 tents per line
Legal advertisements $i o per square for first inset
tlon; each subsequent Inbert ion 50 cents,
Special positions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. C'nta and dmihlo
column advertisements allowed only to a limlied extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly Spy—First Insertion SI.W) per square;
each subsequent insertion 50cents; 3 months S7.W; one
year $25.00.
CLarruigcs, tft.
BCBI VE D T HIS PAY
AT
men Mond s
CmiAGe EXCHANSE,
ISTo. 30 AValdo Street,
(NEW NI MBEIl.)
A FINE STOCK
Late Style aiTiagcs,
Hade to Order, a Folding and Slide s. ,t shifting Top
Carriage, In three different xty’e Immlo on.- of two
seats, easily adjusted for two or four pvr-un*. and
stylish. Also the celebrated
Ivrr*’ UiiMinc** iind l*lca«ure Ducky.
trimmed with Goods, and painted any color to mt the
trade.
Pntcut A<lJtt*tabl<* Curriaac Ugh
Express. Boxiness and Concord AVugous.
I STo.M MADE H ARNESSES A general o.f.
merit of Second II in<l Carriages. All goods wanamed
to give batisfacliun. and sold at the Lowest Market
Price, by
a!9 dtf A K. »I<’HM<»*D.
eo Set.
fllO LET—A large Front Eoom,wcll lighted,
1 with small room adjoining, situated within three
minutex’ walk of Foster xt. Depo’ mul I'oxt Office, •.una
ble lor a physician or law'er. Rent reasonable. Ad
dTOMJ W.. -py offler. .lit* lilt)
rpwo PLEASANT TENEMENTS TO
I- RENT—29S Front xl. Inquire at WE A 1 HgUBFE’S
Drug store dtf n 8
A FINE LOT OF
Pianofortes and Brians
TO RENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
444 MAIN ST.
RICHARDS, METCALF CO..
06 dtf SPY P.UM K.
TO LET— In Crompton’s Block. Mechanic
st., rooms of various sizes on second, third and font th
floor*, tillable for offices, manufacturing purposes, and so
ciety rooms. This new and elegant block Is centrally lo
cated within a few rods of Main xt. and the Depots, it is
In the business centre of the city, and is fitted up with all
thcnxxlern improvements, making it one of the most
lesirablc locations tor business iu Worcester For terms
and further particulars, inquire «f
GEO CROMPTON.
jc2o dtf Crompton U>om AVorks Green st.
OFFICII TO BBNT That recently occu
pied by Dr. Hunt, 266 Main st. Inquire of
m 3 dM WM DICKINSOH
ffIENEMENT of 3 rooms to rent toman and
JI wife only. Inquire at Store I5 M Pleasant st.'
_n3 jltf R. A. MILLER CO.
H ENT To a man and w ife, a tenement
of 5 rooms, at No. 98 Chatham st Also, a pleasant
furnished lodging room. E IV. CARTER.
nS dtf
TlO LET—A Tenement of 7 Neu 3
Providence st.; city water. Inquire of
AV. F. POND.
No. II Providence st., between 6 amt 7 r. M.
nl dtf
WIO LET— To an American family, a lowet
tenement of 5 rooms. Apply on the premises, No. 7
Harrison at. WM. WILCOX.
nl dtf
ROOMS to rent
Also, STORAGE.
o 2 dtf E. nr. mt6?kwkll.
FltO BENT—Suits of Rooms, or Single
•K. Rooms tor offices. Alsu, Desk Rooms, an<‘ looms
*uitable for lodging.
n 22 dtf GOODNOW A TAYLOR.
rp<) RENT—To a small family, one Upper
A. Tenement of 5 rooms, corner of Harrison and Burke
st s. Apply on premises, or of J As. m i.l aNEF Y, office
No. 6 Worcester Bank Block, Foster t. dtf oH
fllO LET One tenement of seven rooms.
A Apply at No. 26 West st. dtf ol
TO LET A desirable lower tenement, west
of Main st., four minutes’ walk from Mechanics
Hall, eleven rooms. Rent $425. Address “E.,” Spy
Office dtf nl
r po LET—A very desirable Tenement f
six rooms, a'lon one floor, at No. I Madison st. near
Main. Rent $360. FRANKLIN' WHIPPLE.
o*2B dWAStf
IM) LET -Nice tenements at Nos. 1 1-2 and
1 3 Davis st. Apply to Mrs. E. D. WARNER, Pa
i- -I dtf null
jpißS'i CLASS TENEMENT, with m..<L
mi improvements, to rent, at 8 London st.
026 dtf JOSEPH A. HOWLAND.
fpo RENT—One Store in new brick block
corner of Washington and Belknap sts. Inquire at
42 Orange si., from I to 2 o'clock, or at 513 Main -t
o-26 dtt THUS. NONASAX*
r p<) LET Two Tenements <m Wilmot st.
Inquire of ADIN THAYER, 398 Main st.
024 dtf
TOO LET —A tenement oft 5 rooms, at Nu.
I 96 Piedmont st.; city water. Rent S2OO. Apply on
the premises, or at No. 12 Queen st. <ll w* nt
r PO LET A desirable up stairs tenement,
central'y located, cons sting of the rooms, all on
one floor, with gas and city water; a family without;
children pref Tied. Possession given immediately. At
201 Summer st. Rent sl7 per month. dlw* n 4
TO RENT—Suit of Front Rooms in 2d
story Goulding’s Granite Block, suitable tor Milli
nery or other buJncss purposes. Apply to
_s» du W. H. GOULDING.
fIM) LET —A newly finished Lower Tene-
1 ment of Bor 7 rooms, at No. 5 Silver st. in ulre at
the house before 7 h o’clock a. or after 6p. m
oJM dtf N. M. BARNES.
HDO LET —A large room. 2d floor, 582 Main
st. Inquire of C. K. HI’BBARD, No I Rogers’
Block, Main st. dtf sIS
fllO LET—Furnished lodging rooms, with
JL board If desired. Apply at No. 28 Bartlett place.
nl d2w*
TOO LET—A tenement of 3 or 4 rooms;
Ji city water. Inquire at No. 13 Orchard st.
030 dtf
TOO RENT—Two nice lower tenements of 5
Ji rooms each, with dty water and water closets and
other conveniences; also a tenement of seven rooms in
the French roof. Apply al No 49 Austin st.
030 dtf
TOO RENT—A good Lower Tenement of 7
JL room«, on Benefit court; rent $23 per month.
L. A. ELY A CO.
TOO RENT—On Woodland st., a first-class
Ji. Tenement; ham if desired.
02l _dtf L. A. ELY A CO.
IpOR SALE OR TO LET- In the centre of
BoylMon, a Store and Tenement connecter. ofseven
rooms, good barn and one acre of land. For reference,
inquireof HORACE KENDALL, or JOHN ANDREWS,
near tlie premises. JOHN ANDREWS.
Boylston. Oct. 16.1871. dtf
TOO LET—In the Block corner of Mam and
Ji Pleasant stß.,on the third floor, a room 23 x 50.
Also, to let, in the New Block opposite the Conunon,
two rooms on the second floor, suitable for offices, -mo
25 x 30, and ouc 20 x 25. R. C TA V Lt»R.
M .nt
OFFICE TO LET !—The room formerly
occupied by John D. Chollar as an office, in Lincoln
House Block. This room is up one fib ht of stairs, front
ing on Main st., and Is very pleasant and de ir ble. For
terms, Ac., apply to JOHN D. CHOLL4K,
bo. 472 Ma n st.. Taylor’s Giamte Building.
u 27 dtf
TOO LET Two Tenements on Providence
JI st.—one of four rooms, one of three rooms, to Amer
ican families. Inquire between 6 and 7r. M.
W. F. I’O.ND.
013 dtf 11 Providence st.
LOWER TENEMENT
TO RENT, at No. '2O Crown st. Inquire on the
premises. dtf o 3
TOO LET—2 rooms, suitable for a Dress
i Maker, at 379 Main st over Tati. Bliss A Rice's
Dining Rooms. Inquire at Room No. 5. same entrance.
nl dtf
110 LET—A good lower tenement <>f seven
rooms, with barn, on North Ashland st. Possession
given at once. ABBOTT A RICE.
n 7 dtf Real Estate Brokers, Central Exchange.
TOO LET A nice Garden Farm, with oot
-1 tape House and outbuildings, within tour miles of
this city, an 1 six minutes’ walk from Depot: about 9
acres of land, with over 400 fruit trees. Possession given
at once. None but Americans need apply. Inquire at
No. 9 Hermon street. dtf 116
TOO LET —One-half of Doable House No.
JL 36 Boynton st., 14 rooms; ba-h-room, gas. watt r
closets, stable. Ac. For further iufonnaiiou apply to
ABBOIT A RICE.
n 6 dtf 1 Central Exchange.
OOM “AND POWER TO RENT 6ii
Main st. Apply to
H. W. DENNY A CO.
n 6 d2w 555 Main s'., Sargent Square.
TOO LET—A nice lower tenement of three
JL rooms, very convenient; city water. Apply to
P. BOLAND.
n 4 dtf 103 Salem st.
0 O K E Y DU F F Y
MANVFACTUKEBS OF
STEAM BOILERS
OF ALL KINDS,
OIL. AND WATER TANKS.
Ladle>, Cupolas, Iron Doors and Shutters. Sheet Iron
Work of every description. Boilers Repaired in
the best manner and at short notice.
Shop No. 84 School St., between Union
and Summer Sts.. Worcester, Mass.
REFERENCES Jamfs Russell, Master Hoher
Maker at Hinckley Loco.mnive Wou Boston, M:ts».
Roche Bbus., spring add. Mass.; Ji lws Bassett,
Master Mechanic New fork and New Hann Kaiho.4;
Peteb Feuuusoh, Civil Engineer ami Builder, New
Haven, Conn.
J. C. OBEY.
jy3l 43m- P. DUFFY,