TTTTC MEMPHIS DAILY APPEAL-THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16. 1871.
AMUSEMENTS.
M
proprietor
.allUDf PP
P. Hbort
rutt ipptuun In tin oily of tha famous
MR CHARLE. POP,
wto appear
THIS THU.MDAY EVBNIE. MOV. 1Mb.
M M tolas, supported by
MBS D. P. BOWEBB,
Who will ppr a 1 aly Maetietri, and by
MB. J.C McCOLLOat a Macbeth.
v,nci -"eraons living oeitot towa oan
gea u.e ie-l lor any n g-1 by wrlitng
greohl-E p Jh tot. stetnohla. Tenn.
iiBlui IAL LMtTKBUt.
g7. BHE'.bY STREET, HEAR SAT 080
Crowded nightly to witness toe g?m oi
.v.gro Voire sy.
TO-WltHT. 1h. l.ughb.e MM
MaZIP. will b prod ucrd. For line
l. lUt-nt (an, com oae, come sli.
AKNaUNCCMENTS.
r nni.UK announce blrnaelf
H nVn7. dat. for Wb.r-niur.tth
1,. mnnioioal adaption. January e. i- a.
I oidtt. tor Wha lmuir .Ub. ns01D
Jom.i i .'act-on t.ni.rTl 871. ngl
MrI VantArl hv TT V brother. JO
S V.m Jto'alaud, with tbre sears' axpa
rle- n 'betr-ieery cusine
nf j H) H imnv at B LroweMteln A Broa
i Hrr roods B'l
art
f A. a MONTH Expri" Paid aWa.
gs75 ft sis
it'Tl. Bto ola Caller
atd olt" a-i-cirm. mp i -r M-
r d.tma. Wotsltt Co., Sac", at a.
rj PAISTBW'atJiUt rfSSSS'iSS?
a .'.sron or lrcoiar to r usai a
Lute '0 WW Foartb alret, Cincinnati. Ohio
.nnn-ii Wheat-n Sursery. Ar-
.T'"- V no 4
I V i rmnllirMT.
pij
H
KL-P-T'eive conks, waabers and lrooara
lx chamba. V" ,V5 1 ROW.
noI Intelligence otnce, f noraon .a
n tnnvPR A tow!
C ew w-bafdlrooao-r-.-allfim-
14 -J 2 BoSma-. Ad-
crtK. t
k ""177 V-4i- ptw
at Mnn iron ir i t i
.w tpi t is fciio-t no8
i. a.XJMBANU rnrnlttue, Ferathea ani
wonltboid aood of al. 1 rind, i
Hu.nur H. T B1NNOTT.
rjAJLORK-Twenty No. 1 tailor toaoU
I r ...i. u k irk Ann T to HUWM a
FOR SALE.
labilnae Mr.,t a bargain will b-.
O.i r. a non-raaldant, daalrea to tail
no!5
K' YSrKB. TBT Z'VAWT OO.
i RK-fM1 Will Dny u imi...---
r 1 0 cr. In &rkanai conn y, Ark. d
dre't PvRM.tbf oae.
ai iri, ..I ait At a taararala. Henry
1 icuudiVwli ImproTad pi ea alwated
l ear ibeo.a 'air aronna, C3nlaai lo aOont i
aerai r eb land atocaeo jraaa a
i. fro. I fee, wcii mnw mi
vn i. a KniAm aaaaa of lan't
lj inllaalTom MmpbU: ood land no liable
fi.min. r ffardaclnc porpoa a; wUi De
ao.il lu iU lo ami pnrcbaaera. apyly to
N C. PKtiK B, White'aHtatlon.
BoU Mmphl a-)d CbaTlaaton K.
K.ICitY-Wi;b a rnli alock, o. n Fmnl
I ktrewt. oorre- jacaaon.
cnw-Ata hRrttlD. one of th mol
2SLZ n.iAwi r r tit. atfyaLb aid oi
roz'.m: MtiMMj extnded inuwn vne Ool
Jfia plane, reoMnUy owned and oo2Hpwo
DJ K. LOrOnCB, A" aa--a-, SJ
,.nrlilV 91 NT1TII IN Thl TUQlOlt BUU
Cy flntiy lorated plantation, known aa tAe
a a .Ira I'mvlrlaiiM Iti
no lj riace. wmmmmm vm mm -t-
,w rj; parlan. Lniaian. ona-and-a-Qaii
m:ie?s from tae town o. lroTldenca, on lain-
itAft i7U aeraa. ror mriccr iu iuiua
n y to John w. L,nda,.a, Jr.. at the Planiar;
T. iA U.m. hi. T an n and to UaOTCe C
ABBAAlAai., Tl
Ta. laaaa nann nn lha fi m ITfW. UO0
aa pu a irach 1 r.t of mnlM kJ-rlTad laat
M atfaW a lood lot of ntoiaa jajur hortjaa on
b:ind at all Um'.a. at KaIRKB jaaUCB
Htabla, Nan BVaoona atraaa.
LOCAL PARAGRAPHS.
OTB On Walnut atreet. on Ume Apply
t at U Union .t. tikOHMK liixw.
REJ4I0ENUK. A daalrabla raaldanoa. So.
tu JeBaraonairaot; I roomaand alteban;
good aarranu' boac?, atabla and oarriage
hooaa ooal and wool bonaa. exoellec Ida tarn
nnder new ehed, all In food rapalr; irloe
low an.1 larma oaay. Apply on premlaea. aail
FOR RENT.
L .v -or aa a or exebanaa 'or -ltT prop
ern alaiy tbrae araa o land. fl ml aa
Iaohj iha city. on tha BooieTard; ood 1m
pi' TemeuUi wall aaaplad to rrnlt grow ng
aard-n or dal y a oara!" If appUtd to
witbin nfian oaya. J- M- j""
M2 Mam atraal.
S ui. Bliy good locality, in'ormailun S
Wo. upward Row. nl
HO r-t Wi'li ronr rooma.alx .qaarea from
pu. i.ffl e. !ua dealiable local.oE. Apply
to Armiiruoy Nal 1 a Co ,MU Main au; i:ar-
anoe. rxinird. n I
oTABLt-0Ki atabla I alalia, and a nloa
O u bio-Plan a paaaja. at 17 AUeta artnai
un AOb-A teat o 'llitge with four roonii
and al cben altDAiaj on wtorgia iini
yrue. at.; of ti-a txarnando atreai rau-
road. Appl' to W.G Ra:ney or w. w uoa
win llgajggj at.aat. nolA
TORB-Wo.
to
I Front aTat. Apply ti
A. Blif-ltl. BUI,
m Main a treat.
RE-IDEM K Tan mlnntaa walk fram
Poplar atraat cars. Nina rooma, bath
room and water. woi ka. elatars. well, ataoiaa,
g.rden, orobard. three aoraa, wail ene oaad
ALd 1 go 1 order Apply to Minor Mrl
wth. i Main atreet. or
UEViu KJiCK -Ten roima; woald ace am
is odale two am alt f.miliea. If d. aired;
Urge lot i'achao; Alabama .'..eel, fruntlB(
Bl' atreet. Te ma, arty ddlara par month;
notea wllh approved lndoraer.
add I. c juliNSQW. u Jeffareon BtreeV
Rf K i-snborbanrealdenoa. on Earr
aTenua; (table, carriage h.nae and 6
but, well encloaed. Apply to Minor Meri
wether, M Untora atreet. oell
BOARDEdS
a KM It one or two launlllea can get
boarding with a pieaaant laml y in
Ureaenwooa MArlhaBtaie rim Ooileg
ana Uee to lb alreet railroad Terma mod
erate rnr any information wanted apply
totblofnoe
BuahDiMU- By Mr. Huns F. Hill, atK
Dnl n etreL n
.OAKOaRB-Terma reaaonable. Apple at
t WO 1 0an B're-l. TO
ROOMS AND BOARD.
RuuMel -Two furnlahed rooma, with board
for lamlllea and gentlemen, at 10 Madl
aon at alao, day boarders awoMmodatad.
OAKL KJcfaxttaaJ eof rooni on Arat aai
I aaaand fl or Labia first eleaa: the hooaa
1 n ee j farntabed Lhrougnont; only five
m)aiea' WaUk trom Madlaon eLraea. .alao.
day boarders will Hod this ibe mot oonve
nieo to basin eaa. wo a isajoao etraat, be
tween Malr, and -eeond. nolB
ROJU A.XV BOAKU Oom 'ortably furiiUh
ed room and board, with grie and gaa,
eilsTibly located. BTe mlnnies' walk of Court
Square, and hail' square of street ears, for
stngJs ectleman; rcfareaoa required. As
ply to No tsecood htraet, lo!
OABD A good front room and board, at
17 -veccc tret. om
FOR LEASE.
I tWguSU-aiui Ht i
J I Baaa aaaaa- Apply to
a
P A CK ALila aV8belbTatr.ee
8TRAYE0.
8. B&.WABD otrayed irom the an
X J deraigned, on the 6th Inst a red.
lab white oow. wlibuut ear-marka, about
aareen year. I Id. The above reward will oa
arivan .or her delivery to ma an Flith street,
Cuel-aav
nolo D. H. A. RArlDltRS.
LOCAL NEWS
to LrSddln'a UoUaare.
Attend Robortoon's Boainees Collegs
Tboa Co bbtns, bricklayer, tM Main St.
-f.aSLron' PbotofjTaphlo Osilary,
Ho SU Main atreet. Thra farxlUsaa rrsrr
lor fl ttv oenta.
BF.I F-BUl"t) Bl t H vt MEAT MaaVa
Brwaa tb Vast Maw T..k BurkwayeaZ
BwAvkea ilae aneraa eakra a .a.
PatBPasta for ootd weather and haw
your grates set with Ltjoerj'a Improve
mauU LsaTe orders at JB6 Heoond street.
EzAatiark the srate to this otEoe. Tls a
bTs t-aTinsjot fuel Ed
BaaLni Tapes' rv Work.Ztphjra.eto at
ILL.O 1 r A RIDOEa-Y, 819 Main street,
Bear Adams.
KooaosTT. Take toot fall clothing to
ih- it-eam Dyeing and aeanlng Uou.e
(H ;nv A Hanson's old stand). SWSeoofd
a m a W
w tTii0!" .w Eoowoal T TUa
The cltr tax collector says a word to the
folka In another column.
ti..m ajim M.BUT neooie In the
dty yestsrd-y than any day a(noe the great
Sunday school celebration In May last.
-The criminal court was WFi0,'T
in re-trytug a negro who had killed
African tnree yeara a.", amw
u, r L. Loon, raahlar western aepart-
rr....i ftontbern ExDreas company, has our
aoksfor files oi aew iora papa, ui vu
dav.
When ths road shall have been nnumeu w
i.n.,n t.t hvbi trains of oars leaded
wllh cattle win caaa uiut way uaii?. i"-
Eastam markets.
There are eighteen prlaoners ontheensjn-
caog al preasnt. luey are -----owa,
but could not pay the small flnss ea
BSUBavt voein.
The negro. Phillips, who olaimej to o tei-
cutd beoauae he held Democratic P''u'Vi
wasasntenaed to two years in me k""-'
fnr AttamDiad ran, yesterday.
-There wsa no scrip used or usueu uuiii..
lie msToralty of Colonel Addison Douglass,
and our article yesterday bau no reiereuc
marors who aerv eu oeiore m.
Twentv-three hundred pounds of roast
beef. bArrlng the roast, walked our "treets yea
rdsv, in the shape of the celebrated ox,
.,iSr..L r-lnnd now heJonsins to Seessel, the
prince of butchers. It U to be sliced up Bat
iirrlss-W
-Miss aOoherty. an excellent lady, whohM
lunk oonauciea ioc ca
ak. .vi-niiT f i ninn a.na Main
mmSUl l t,Aisr iaaw w. ..a
streets, died auddenly last nlghi, bdoui ia
hereafter given of funeral aervloea.
-The three men wha attacked the negro
woodebopper, some miles north of ihla c M
VV-h, now In lali Ths police
in coloring them. The recorder
oonu ue i their cases until the affair could be
HHUafaetorily worked up.
Mr. Charles Pope appears aa Maedvf lo-
..i.a. n. i. una of tha most popular of
American actors. In the asm csjt apr-sr
Mr McOfUum and Mrs. Bowers. There will
not be an empty seat to-night, from pit to
dome.
The resolution In regard to the submlaciuu
nrtnnmixAiuoiu In reference to aubcrii-
tlona to two railroad, on the same day Sjaa
misapprehended. The oue does not affect tb
ih. Th. vmer may vol for the one and
liiralnst the olher. or for or agalnat bolh.
Nashville, sometime ago, completed the
payment ol ;KI0 lo lawyers wno mm en
i In the natrloUC work of de
uouudng and prosecuting money-loving
i.Ta, sfViAr three of her eminent
egal frslernlty want $6,ouO for ihelr aarv Ices
in Milling out dejuoueul ra. 1 roads. Theun-
elflb patriotism of those men caunot be toe
much admired. They make np a Utile legal
-ummarv veiy useful out here as a curious,
aubleet for philosophical study.
Kno la seam lncorreci. Lsat n'ght a turn
ber of deputy aheritla made a descent upon
ibe same '-laved st the room on -eoona Birrei
h.tA.n i.erwii, and Court atreela. A num
ber of players and managers of the game were
...aaa5 Anri the annllanoBS of the little
amusem'eni seised, the whole party were
taken to the criminal courtroom, and tLoee
who did not eflecl their release were sepi aw
night. The case will come up for legal Inves
tUatlon tbta morning ai ten o etocs.
Wagge er makes up cloth and caaslmerea
ana guaraniees haiibiai .mu,
oue of the best Fellowea that ever cut a ga:
mAnt m at hi. frl.Bil. and customer VV
.MiiikihMnt We lndulffsthe hope ths
ail patrons of the Appkal wlli be sble to do so
.,rZ '!Q M.tn atreet
siao. sa
Ev.,v man who reads this paper and who be
lieves In pationlslng home manuractures
ai ould help Waggoner In his enterprise. He
ael a as cheap as tailors of the same class in
Vew York aud does nis wors quiav a. wi
A Sm nmirr.1 veAU-PdSV SbOUt nOOO.de
atrcvlngthe twe -story frame building at the
corner of Avery and fclllolt streets. In Mouth
Memphis. The Ural noor waaoccupit-o oj jis
Radlgan as a grocery nitore. and the second
.trv hv two famlllea. The goods in the
srooery and the furniture of the families ui
at&irs were imi.cu m
tern at the comer of Hernando and Kllloit
atreelc one block rrom tne uurueu umm mi
i .uhnnt uatcr. the house might bsv
lieen saved any serious damage as It was, the
house was almost entirely anuvjei.
There la a stalk of corn at the chamber ol
oomme ce. raised In Arkansas, which meas-
nrm over elahteen feet In height. The fodder
-lone of auchacron of corn would make
t,m.,ri.i, w. ma ahown s turnip, yester
day, raised In Monroe county, Arkansas, which
weighs nearly eight pounds, and la two feel
in circumference It was raised without any
extra cultivation, nser the border of Big
Prairie. This shows that cattle may be driven
h .h. ll.ant.nil fmn; Tt-TaB IntO tbOSC TlCtl
lands and there made tat and luscious beef for
our market without any trouoie or eApeus.
it seems to be the natural aesuoy oi tue grem
prairie sections or Arganaaa.
eon ntrv dark v left his two-mule team
standing on L'nlon street while he went Into
a business bouse lo make some purrnsce-
Hsrdlv bad he turned his bacx wuen un
!.-inuusMl brutes act off at the lop of the!
speed down the street. As they n eared Btod
HAnrt1. Auction store, thev took a notion tha
the sidewalk was better as a race-course than
the virolson. And sheered to the starboard.
passing directly between the building and the
slgnpoel on me eage oi tne oauqueuc, b.wk
in. to aw tfl destruction a reslment of rheu
matte bedsteads etc. Just left at the auction
store for Bale. Tne mules thought something
wam wrono. stooped lo sea about It. and were
captured aud held until their equally aaslnlne
owner snouiu seme ror uamagoa uoue.
rkeUeiereef rslesel MnBCard Before
Use tonlederai AssasilaU.a
East sit".
The xxst in th woxld for family use: the
tt'iiMin sihnttle aewlns machine, recom
mended hv all who nse iheta. Pr.ce, fifty doi'
lsrs. Buy no other until you examine at kit
Main street.
AlAEBCIKBJiea-
X.ACE HAMDKERCHIEF8,
LACE COLLARS,
LACK BETH.
All the new styles In these good oan be
T. W. JOBS -trow A OOU..
Opposite Pea body Hotel,
fcund at
BtEATIEG tNTIf-
HF.ATIW6 BTOTEH
At H. WETTER A Co.,
11 and 16 Monroe atreet.
1.,
ALBERT SIDNEY JOHNSTON. ST'portionTf
AVVERTIMENTE INTtHESSAMft,
ITALIAN! Ol MEMPHIS-
Oggl la Novembre, alia ore 7 p m nella
ehleaa dl San Petrlalo 11 c lebre ml"ionsrio
Padre OraaeeUl, rate PTane'soano, Oonveu
inale ltali.no, data pnxelpio ad una mi-slo-e
per g t IUUanl dl Memphis In lingua
liallana
1 e ignore dispose ch qaesto Padre venlsse
pie qui dal luntane eonflnl deils Kn-ala moa
tratavl gran al a Provioanat del Bignore, ac
corsudo tttlil dalle voatre case, anchesefoa
aaro moito loatane dalia eh lass dl Ban Patri
ate. II Blgaore benad'ra la vnetra fatlca, eon
tera I v trl parel, a 11 eyronera dal pin felloe
raaaltato, lllnmlnanco is vsattl menu e mo
ve n do l voairl on -ul, perche vl moatrate veil
itcllani, al quail a ante pno eaaare pin care
delta Catollaa Fede nella quale faetenatl ed
aUevati.
Bailee I
On and aftet Novamber loth. unUl further
notice, the ferryboat will leave the toot of
Union atreet al 70 a. m., connecting with the
passenger train at Mopeaeid.
A. S. LIVER MO RE,
Oeneral Bupei IntentenL
LAtest ImproTemenU and greatest varlsties,
H. WETTER 4 Co.,
It and 15 Monroe street.
Tu cheapest and beat Dyeing and Cleaning
house In tbe city Is at Sat Second atreet (HUi.1
A Hanson's old stand).
Hanson a walker.
It P. M. Metcalfe Is In the city he can And
his brother at the Pea body hotel at a o'clock
this (Thursday) morning.
J. C. METCALFE.
OOLLADAT Pim-THIXJl MoSTHLT DAW-
xxo will lake pla e at Paducah, November 27,
1871. Among the prise are 1 1 000 lo green
backs; bu!!dl-g lot la Bowling Oreen, oW;
hone, buggy and harness. Moo- piano, t-500; gold
watch -nd chain, 9260; fine oil pslnilr g, t 6u
1100 In gold, and ts other prises, conalailng ol
velvet cloaks, silk dresses, overcoats, blanketa.
lets, sewing machines, cooking stoves.
silverware, goto ana anvei waicuea.
ard books, musical lnatrumenta, etc.
Tickets tl 00. or all for (6 00. For sale at Ool-
I day A Smith. Bowling Oreen. Ky.; W.
scoti Olore a Loulavii e, Ky.: J. L Powell's,
Padueah, Kf Orders by mall or express
ahoaad be a laraaaalt to J. K. OolUday Bowling
Oreen, Ky.
Btatements of drawing and articles drawn
will be forwarded promptly.
EATIX6 BTOTEB.
Latest Improvement and greatest varieties,
t H. WETTER A Co.,
13 and U Monroe street,
PERSONAL.
D. H. Elliott, Eq Southern represent
tl v e of the T a nana Paotae railway, now al the
Peebody heieL goes to Eu ope at an early
dsy, lor th. parpoa. of popnlarts ng. In In
'opaan cities, the ranis to men rthwaal that
11. s within the southern Stale a Be will,
while repreSon rug bl great hlgoway aero.
Kanaaa, anuserve tee purposes of the Allan
lLueof ataamer tbateapioy hlos.ant air eel
ibe course of Immigrant through tsontbern
rites and Btatsa. Jam tit u lea of these, sfter
beholding tha ttraetiTaoesa of tbe Boaih
and of tbe fields and ci line la of tbeBon'h,
will never build bouses or irrigate atarlla
hillsides In the isasote northwest, and,
whl e Mr. Elliott will serve well and faith
fully tbe gnat railway whleh he especial. y
represents, be bet-ma the truest of tne ban
afac.or oi the Benin.
Ma K. T MoCasu.it, of the Bolivar Bulla
tin, la la th dty, on business non nested
w th hi paper
Oovaaaoa Jams L. ALooarr, with the
Board of Mississippi Levee Commissioner!.
Judge John J. Horn or, of Helena, Colonel
Cooper of Panola, and M.J. O'Brien superin
usiCbi of the Southern Express company are
at the Peabo-y hotel.
Oolohxl 1. C. bTAUa, of BU LouU.vlslted
Uk It was refreshing to look once again upon
his honest, handsome face and feat that old
grasp. Wear glad to weueoma .ubai awvai w
our city.
Ma. 8. Z. Willi a aeon and family, aaraia.
Mississippi; William P. Harrison, Bolivar
county, Mississippi, B. Haxlett, Louisville,
Kentucky: D. W. Rich and son, 8L Lout,
Missouri: t. X. DusP u. New Orleans. Louis-
uil.; w. H. BUae and John H. Wilson, Water
Valley Mississippi, and Captain T. J. Crocker,
are a law of tne many arrival at the Com.
mentis l hotel yesterday.
it of
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
special for this day.
ELY FIFTY BBI I m,
Cm a of those lata Improved new "nndei--wi
Wilson ajaastlemwlagBiitlilkai, at tn Mala
The lecture deUvered by Colonel Munford in
the Memphis Club stall, last nigui, -anguished,
as weU as a deeply Interesting
event. We noUoed among the very re
spectable audience Mr. Jefferson Davis, Oen
eral Ewell. Oeneral Walthall, General Frayser
and other genUemen of high reputation and
much prominence during the recent war.
The lecturer was lntroauoeu oy unuw-i
Flier, president of the Confederal Associa
tion. Colonel Munford proceeded at once to
deliver hi discourse. He gave a clear and
.neclnet account of the operation! in which
Oeneral Johnston waa engaged in Tennessee,
and ud to the Ume of his death at Shlloh. We
give a synopsis of this very able and interest
ing lecture
iUHnar lihninil W.B Mini ML T Mii
insto i Mason countv, Kentucky, on the id of
i7.ra.rr. inir H. was Ui Touugeat of a large
family waa educated at Tra sylvsula L ulver-
alty and was conspicuous mere jor nw.i
knowing a;irawu r
a cadet st west Point. Upon gr.dusllng in
IS ne aelecteu me inrsnLry "Tvi
.i i ,ii,.i,niii did no.vi.lt Wshlniou
mm a iiuariet of s century, and
ciay SB. had
Ibeu 111 ooeo.icui.-r- w j
adlu aniofthe sixth inisiiiry, and in tnls ca
pacity served in the Black Hawk war ol 18SZ
in a campaign with two men, who have since
.n.i.inwl ai, unusual li storlc relation, namely,
Jerferson Davis and Abrahum Lincoln.
lu llsto Hie isillllg iieiit oi uu
caustsd bliu to resign, she died In 138 and Ibe
i7!-.. mii,i, Irsailnaoui be eBllated IB
iisarinyesa private early In is i.rialug In a
vear to the chief command, having ailed every
arade except that of lleutenaul-colonel. In IN
us was niAile secretary ol waroi lhal ivpubtc.
ailing that difficult and lu porlam omee wun
,lm.:i..iiil,n. Use rneally dv.icaled
snuexation.aud wnen tola was acoompl shed
which be regularly labored with his own hand
a. the support ol a second wife and ate young
children. Upon the brealllng oul ol tne Jiex
l ..a u-ur 1 ..-nHTAI I al 1111 lUBUn n I'o.nin, -r
,-ueet of yenei-al Job son to Join him, which
ie did at Corpus Cnristl He was elected coi
nni of the flrst Texas Plslojeut, which he
i,n,il till Its term of service expired
General Taylor then aasluned him to duty s
Inspector ol cutlers uisibiou- .i a,o
lie greatly distinguished lilmaolf Geuerals
llamer, Butler and Taylor all complimented
liliu and recommendeAt mm 10 me goem
ment lor promollon. Inldts he waa appolnll
iiaymaaler In the army, slid lor five yean, dia
cliarxd tbta duty In ibe iroutlersof Texas. In
i .i to. aiirxilnted co.onelof ihe 2d cav
alry of which Robert X Lee we lieateuiut
and William J. Hajtlee major. W h-t a
iBiaxy In a single re lineal He commsuded
tne d-Prtmenl of Texas till ordered to take
command of tbe then Imperilled Ulan expe
dition, WniC.n It required iwi lite laituu in. n.c
it a3 on iv the expedition, but trl
uint-hsntlv and honorably settled the quea
l ons then'enda ger ug Hie peace ol the ns-
'rt.u consnni mAie uhilitv be displayed In
discharg ng these uifflcull duties, aoiied great
lv to bla fame. He waa next aaslgued lo the
command upon the Pad tie, where he was tih
the memorable year ol latil.
In p. a ai Meaasawl twaaassBB W--1 ta'l. rquar.
ahonidered. mil oh ated and muscular. He
.b nAilsiAi lean nor If,t. but healully ful
without grosanesB, indijatlng gieat nodi j
.p,.r..tn ut. hnai was innern. tbe neok ani
hs d mounting npWATd froiu the snoulder
a llh m-JeSUO gr ce axis voiAiirAui j w-
mine eo in a o' ln some-SLal piominent an
aa. .li.hilvann.ra. ab Te which one of li
im re. li ornament .1 musta-hes evt
worn by man. pattiy eot-caaitd tu- c juid no
r,nd6r lerosious iheswteian i genial exprs
...n ni i.i. month Ovnr Ihla I ool soar
What boldly forth the do .-cut and expanded
njsulsora bToad-oas il nose whica slightly
inci.nins nn wards, aieir oul from bei.e.11
hia Drominen ly developed brjsr where
Liirutthl sat sb uon a throne. His fnll and
aoguiar, thoogu rouodett, fo.ehaad rote np
Aaai ti.i it. m.h "vluuv'n neska" were o
etvsaaf dark-brown hair 11 lie mlxtd wilt
r-. ailran-ilf fine and wavy tiol-.nl to
cur a. Ml deep-net, Uut-.ray eyes, small
and when unexciitd sonewuat cu i were
iut son which Cowper deto lot a "men
lug In love ana kin uing m war. u.er iuv
rum e. a akin na unilly Boft. while an
Saar. thon.li nowalisbtly bncnil irom CI
posure, completi d a j,lo.ure of more than n
'iinarv maniy uaaair. u.i.i-.,.
intellect and goodciBa t eeriui.y divided in
.ui Dire over hta upte-alve MCi-.
u. h.n At,., rh.il in I nouir' i r, is tie -d It ane
r ard and his body sllgh'ly bent. At all
nihar times he vu airlklu.Ly erect
Hla soldierly port, devoid of stlOneas,
waa characterized by a digniaed and
hnn.v.,lnl reisrse. lit once lu.Hl. elf
lAiisod. simple and uncstentatloua I do not
i eineinbei a man fllllnj. high position so ul
terlv unci.mlaminalea ny mai vuigsi uiiu
ttv which doih hodkio a ting." Thore was
both his appearance an 1 Icaarlng, lhat name'
iaaa .in. lima which, whilst II cuaslened lm
pertlneuee. luviud conBdenoe, and rendered
even the humblest at pcneci ease in his pre
ence. He was eminently approachable to
every body ol every rank and condition In
life. Neither his movement whilst walking
nor his manner in repoi pouiu justly oe can
wi AA k ward, vet neliuer were light aud alry
ln fact there was In both something too pon
derous for grace. On horseback hla appear
unci naclteil universal adntlxetion. A cava
tier by instinct and training, he sat a horse a.
If, centaur-like, be had grow n up pari of him.
Wherever hla soldiers caught sight or him In
the saddle their shouts were irrepressible,
ordinarily his oonveriallon waa grave, the
stvle belnaatinple. vigorous and rigidly con
else. His manner of laiklnK was alow, meas
ured and thought!"!., evincing an anx
ions care to choose the very word:
which would expniss only hl exaot
meaning. From this care to say Just the thing
ne mcaul ne never oepiirwu. ouii hivmuj.ii
a-ui of rriA iuaI Inirtm, iQB of nnin. Alt
scholarship was ripe t Is knowledge ol books,
oi men. snd oftblngs, wss extensive and va
rtd His views always comprehensive and
clear, never failed in their expression lo nve
Attention and o-inier Pleasure. To bla cneerlu
temper waa superadded fund of the riohest
humor, which not unfrequemly sparkled Into
dlamond-l-olnlea wil. AOS prouiiucuv auu
disilnguloiilug festureri ol uu intellect, now
m'nr v.r aiilniense Dercepilou and reailgai
Uo., of surrounding clrcumstanoes: a power of
analysis which uo complloatlon of I ctscouia
Heme a logical accui.c ui wvutu'
oould follow the most deli oat clue through
Uie luaAOQ of any laoynnixi: auu aaoiiujuug
me t which oorrectly esliinaied tuice and
values. Of the use oi tnese lacuiuos. ue mm
,,rtct masner Thev were tBOt o-iguly disci
.....i .i.ii.ht.n.i hi extensive anowledae.
and perfected by a largo experience. His sound
sens mereiore, a. m wi
which noriMtltUIAS Wlsdbtn.
To strangers, hla inUiUeciual action seemed
UlOfniuH. lUlSWas t. iLUAi'fii'lu-UMiiu. iv
quiring for llBOorrecilm only a bs. iter know
IaIdh of the man Lu comiULiulcallng 111:
ihouglus to ihe outer tearafj lu the use i the
axaswa HBaaswaawass mw.! 4
ready Where words were not to be tised,
h,,r ihinAi aura to be dune: wbeiti
hj though Is were to bo translaied
direct! v into acu, they moved with all
rhAiiuic ntias uuil furae of lbs electric flash
Of oratorical power he had none. Like Moses
hi a-as .'slow of siieecJl and could Wl lie bat
ter ihan h. .noke Some men can both speak
and write gieatly above their true Intellectual
WOriC in Ueil-Uei UUUIU niun,-j Auiiiwvu .1
nrriAch Ihe van inch maik ul h! owa, aud i
wa fully conscious of tho defect In counsel
hnvi. Alwava arreat In ucllon greater still
st shlloh, where tn penetrating the designs
of the enemy and thwarting ihein in seising
at a glance the decisive points 01 the battle
field and concentrating upon them mure
txopa than oould be opposed to him in
6 rasping hla army, hurling It like a thunder
olt upon the foe and scalier! ng all opposition
from before him his genius biased forth In all
It full-orbed splendor and glory' In his short
career as a conlederate general, that victory
is his only monument. Alas lhat the "proud
temple he builded there" should have crum
bled Into dual at hlsileath. But lis memory
and his will live In the bosoms of hi country
men aa long as there la left on earth one true
Coniederale heart-beau To those high Intel
lectual gifts waa united a large-hearted good
neas of wblch-be was "full as the dew-drop of
the morning beam. 1 Together they shed
upon bis name a l istre belonging of right
only to the Immortals. Buch was Sidney
Johnson the model oid!r-uUma end
patriot.
HIS MAGNANIMITY AND HIGH SENSE
OF JUSTICE.
I oloae this sketch with a few ll.aatr.ttve
anecootea He had no self shaking. He hon
estly believed that ihe couth was rigut and
tbe causeof cODStitut onalliber y In smerics
bound up In ber fata In Joining her
standard, there ore. be wee actnaied by men
convictions of doiy that he hau no tiou le in
keeping his eve Used alcgly upo her auc
eaaa. a illustrative of mil, 01 h magna
n mltyand ab-oiuiej jsu-s. 1 will n- lice hia
treatment of Generals F cyd and Pillow, in
the vary m'd-l of tbe denunciations poured
out upon tlm lor l'wng ibe armv at ironel
son. It ha already been statd that he -c-eeived
them both wl'n the uirro-ti
klndnesa, and made Floyd at osoe
ommanoant of tbe poet at Navn
vllle. After we had reached Mnriees
boro, I asked htm what h- thought of their
ejnduct. He repl ied: "Tbe official reports
are not yet before me. I ao not think it
would be Jut to U.oae gen ltmrn to permit
myself to form an opinl u till they have
slaw d tbe tacio in an authentic form" At
Dec tnr, he voltntarlty laid tome: "1 Intend
to Btutain Floyd anl Pjllow. Their con- u-t
wee irregular but lie repetition may be
avoided by a simp's order. Thty are both
men of tried courage, and have nad experi
ence m the field. Wehsvetoo fewoTlcers p- a
aes.Aol or t'-eae di.nt.ge- and ibaeountev
needs them. I think It my duty to sustain
them, and snail do so." How lew men in the
midst of abuse, as he was. would not have tried
to save their own reputation by sacrificing his
own?
HIS OPINION THAT OFFICES ARE PUBLIC
TRUSTS.
When his resignation of command In the ar
my of the L'niieu states was sent from Cali
fornia be kept his jurpose and action a pro
found secret. I beaid him say that he believed
If he had tried he oould have brought nearly,
or quite, his entire command with him. and
remarking that w needed them very- much,
asked him if be did nut regret not having done
eo. "No air," be resiled "That army was not
mine, it belonged, -sltb all it appointments,
to tbe government of the United statea. My
position was a trtut which for myself I could
relinquish, boi only on condition of handing
over to those for w.aom 1 held, whatever was
In my hand. I vailed 1111 I ha I cause to
know my realgna'lon had been received In
w aahlngion, turned over the entire commend
to the next ranking officer, mounted my horse
and started across .he plain''
HIS LOtTY eXR OF BASENESS.
While we were at Bowling Green a man
claiming to bail Irom le-iivir- rreamiei
blmael' at bear qi an era bb-i anquirad for
me. Being shown in he said a eer .in iriend
0 mins had oiracred him to make my ao
qQaln-anve. as he huu som'thlng l.nportant
1 i communicate 1 soon at be only dasirad
to get into eomn onlealion with tha G-reral
n i ntesen'-d blai. He was a glib la'k r
but bd a eounteranea at oree a ut- a'nl.ter
and malignant. aaw the G-ne-al Ex hla
f- s- u on him aa the fellow wt.nt on to ell
w tOTrail e.rlb'y thieg. be had tbe
e nihe-n can at heart; '1 a', he believed sn
di w Johnson waiitn moei dangerous en--m
s bai in Tti nea.ee, if not in tne whole
sooth, acd that u deatb would be a public
beneaetl n; tbat hater Jaat wb-reh. waa
ta Pooth Kaetem It- uckv and th t be
could t easily die to..d of at a trilling oogt
of money.'" Th nral rt- np sad said i
9'r. theOo -err tl nr wli ch 1 serve me ts
ha arrmies in open end hunurable warr.re,
jtscorn" alike the aa.ea.in a xntfeandth
debd eeoLodrwl who would -ugseat 1U nse
it E acaroeiy neoee r to add tuere waa a v,.
cant teat lnataiiiaaeonAiy In that room The
G n"s! turned M aat end .aid '-that eenrn-
dri-i wsn'ed mete orioe nun to aasassiuaw
Andrew jonnsoo.
THE ART OF COMMANDING MEN.
On another day, whilst riding, we came un
expectedly upon a colonel wno was a West
Jjelater,aa aa4 ataaVe a meet SvwtBal lav
nlna the men at a furious rate. After we
had pessad the general remarked, lhat man
has not as much sens as I had believed he
does not know bow to command men. It is
an error to suppose It can be done by fear.
The true secret oi commana nw iu uwww
clse of moderation, united with superior sense
and Justice. No man command others with
permaneut success unless be has learned to
command himself. Besides this is not a regu
lar army: tnese are me people uo u... i.
their homes to Balst for their Independence.
All mey require maiiuinwiuiiiiiiAiiA.
How few officers know this.
HIS HUMOR.
Tnn n nsAb-inrlriarA Inlnerl ua at
Bowling Oreen his letter to the governor of
Kentucky, resigning nia seai in vue smu--,
was distributed. It waa written In Breckin
ridge' happiest style, and read by everybody
witn aeiignu urnr atuisuw m
,ni., a, vtrh lAnnilar fiimn. and was
eVirywhere repeated with praise. ItwaethU,
I lav aown tne log oi a hu.ii m -e
i muskel of a soldier He was dally
i.Jnn.in.s .no all oi A ruuu.ii
his visits ceased, l ssxea tne UCneiru n
had become oi mm. -vaone lo moimi'i'v
rha ui. r mna to nicuiuuiiu i i
What for?" The General's eye twinkled as
he replied QimafUr auTruutxL" John came
hack a ongauier geu.raui AA.. uiiiAB. v j
property a inmu i
HIS DEEP ritl t
n.n.rl tnhninn'a ttietr was a Principle. I
.ViaII not rllinnw with those Who SCO nothing
but impiety In others who do not adopt inetr
cllPllsliea uisgmits a iieiuni m "on v,
were orthodot. X know, however, that his
pletvwaa deep and sincere, and, as Illustra
tive of this trait, state that he and myseir had
been at work till long after midnight, when
he nronosed lo me to -sojourn mi uw oc
room, lake a drink of whisky, toy oar pravrr.
and go to sleep I told mm i wouiu iuse ui
...i.T .i... ,f n-Atcr and feared be would And
me no better praying Ihan drtnkl; g. He
bent on me a look or aimosi paternal n-ums-And
sAld aolemnlv. "I never lay my head
upon my pillow at night without returning
liiKuka to God for his pronscung oare, auu m
viikln. his AiildAnce in future."
l .a w ...11 I nmiH.
l uls great auu govAi wnu bm -which
was lost. The praises of the world
usually follow success He and we who stoou
by the Confederate banner are now called by
opprobrious names. All honor Is denied us
aud our very fidelity to principle la branded
a. ihi.iiah amAn could not honestly
believe In me ngni oi tsecessiou. av, iiningi' -ui.n
could not honestly believe that under the
old constitution his allegiance was flrst due to
Ills State, 'Aen to that government with which
ll wss allied; as though whole States might
not believe coercion a crime, and Justly rise
up to defend their soil from hostile invasion
ai though the whole peoples of these Slates
were dishonest, because they rose In battle ar
ray to re.Lt those sustaining a president who
Hi.r-H iholr Invaainn- one whom they had
laiely elected and pledged to the doctrine that
"Slates are inviolable'' in those emphatic
words: "We denounce tbe lawless invasion oy
.minn I bbb of the boU of ant State or Territory,
ci malur unaer wnal yifrit. at tue oravebt
or ckimes." bCxiract from the resolutions of
on vhlch lUUColll Was
elocted.j Surely It was not Improper to light
people wno, wtl-CAoniesseo, were .iim...
L...,-.in th. .n'A.1 nf crimes
.Tr,,r.,i.n.iiv tihiiiKonhic thinker has said
..vi..,, nhAnLri h.. I M.iml hv theii virtues, not Ly
their success." 1 he nouth asks but this for her
sons, living and dead i
UK.tn.Mi aroTE.
Latest improvement and greatest varieties
l H. ETTER o. Co
13 and 16 Monroe street,
LAW REPORT.
Pint Irewll CoBrt-RalakaU. Judge,
Tbe following cases constitute the calendar
to-day: 4,. Uariieu vs i-iuvniau bbi almoin
nuii v. ..mn asB MoiitArome v va Pulliam
ex'r; lttB, Mjtra va Tobrtdge 1104, Angle v
lawrssee: lk'T. Htanlsecs vs ineime, uav
II .tin., vs Chandler 112b. Jscobi v Mitchell
IL17. M i A of Memphis va XT cev 112s Same
vssiHrue 1129. Flvnu vs Mct caiy; 11', First
National Bank va Peltlt t Co: 1U1, White vi
HiuhAA it- Co 11.12. Rovd vs Robins A Co 1183.
RsiAford vs Mulc.by; 1134, dty of Memphis v
lAillina: ll. fainter vs v-aawju, mimi isiia-
ror- IlStf U'nATar. trustee VS Shelby county
1178, Miller vs Austin 1180, M A A of Memphis
vs 1181. Conncll vs Llononue; UN.
Boowell vs Dutllnger; list. Leary
Unilnrminlr llsA. Moore and wife VB
ilvi OllhArt va Pinkanl: 117. Itobms vs Mem
nh h i inn ssviq i Instliutiun: Hat). Goebels
va Anderson, admlulstrator; 1142, Btlllmanva
Hllderbrand: 1143. McCullough va Ttpter; 1148,
Perkins va RoM-uhaum A Co.; llSo, Boon vs
Oulnlan; 1168 Bren vs Peyser; 1161, Bamer vs
MurDhv: 1162. Devine va Bengan; 1:00, wuson
v. Aiin- ii.su HAnk I'.t i'o vs Merrtmsn. ad
I nun n.iUHl at .1 va U'.rn.r
112, Garvi'u vs Briu'on; llw), McKlnevy vs
Giles; 11117, Gilbert vs pointer.
NeooBd It-cull ourt -Judge
I're.ldlog.
Topay the cases published for trial yester
day, will oe caiieu.
rirat ban eery on rt 51 organ, ban
dollar.
In the cae of May vs Lewis, the chancellor
dismissed tbe hill.
The ease of LoSand va Coward was con
eluded yesterday and taken under advise
rnant
Thi. mnmlno- the motion made bv defend
ant, in the case of Magevaney vs Rogan, for
ihe appointment of a receiver, will ne neatu
after inch the unfinished cases of the caien
dar will be tried.
To-morrow Is motion day.
Chancery Court CosuMoellor
ftoott.
Cases set for to-day, from yesterday's calen
dar No. 45, 867, SJi, 31. gfc, S7, 3H6, 5W, 40"
All An and AOS In auiriltlcn to 461. Hart Vi
Batea; 482. Mhoon vs Abereromble; 4tv, Mix
vs Diion; 4C7. Radgesay vs Mai one 471,Eakln
vsl.onnel; 47H. Memphla and Lonlavllle rail
I II, i-I A,t m n a I -on
jiiAu tviiuirauj va asuoou v.,
ver; 477. Cavanagh va Martin; 47a, Bowman
va Hawley 480, Ragland vs Ware 48', Hayes
vs Haves: 482. Cheater vs Williams: as, wi
llamaon va Paine 4M. Wtl lainaon vs Paine
u smith va Smltn 1st", chase vs Schafe 4S7
Seal vb Holcomb 4-8. Dlnsmore vs Boyd 489,
Hargan vs Waetche 491, Fraxer va mayor
and aldermen 494, state va ceoney m, ievy
v. Levy 499, Adams, ex parte 500, MeOrath
vs MoGralh.
HE ATI St. BTOVES
HE ATI SI. STOVES
At H. WETTER A Co.,
13 and 15 Monroe street.
WESTWARD, HO!
Let l a Swaaarrlb. for a&. BBrevepor
auad the Kansas t ley allroarl
at tbe Same Time.
KdUort Appml: The meeting at the chamheir
of commerce, on ytssterday, developed the fact
that the people of Memphis are In serious
earnest upon the question of our western rail
road cor nectlons. The Interest maniiesteu
upon tho subject by all present we unmis
takably upon the side of building she reads,
and of building them tptedity. So.far sa I have
been able to discover tbe public sentiment
upon this question, II Is asaaaait. Th only
question seems to be as to the amount of sub
scriptions and the times for making them.
Some are Inclined to urge the subscriptions now
for the Memphis, Shreveport and Jefferson
road, and to wait awhile before asking aid to
the Memphis and Kanaaa City road. Upon a
cursor-, view ot tbe subject, it might seem that
the latter w a Judlcloutep Butlfwestop
to carelully cons der au me i-hacs invoivcu, a
feel persuaded tbat the policy or asking
unitedly fur subscriptions for the two roads, at
the same time, will be vastly to tbenl imate
Interests of all tbe people of Shelby county.
It is well known mat me uairo auu ruiuiu
road Is now being built, and by a company
Arho con and wl ll finish It at HO VeTV distant
day. That road will run through the heart of
thalrlcn ana v&iuaoie iraue i uon aasawaw wiu
lug to Memphis In the valley of ihe W'hite
river, naturally belonging to Memphis, bui
vhinn win anreiv oar uiverieu o sue vaiiu auu
Fulton road unless we furnish equal facilities
for it security. W cannot exiect to retain
thl trade, If, by tbe buhdlug of the Cairo
ai.d Fulton road It ts plaeed twelve, twenty
four, or thir y-alx hours nearer to St Louis
And olher Uirire ittlea than it ts to us Iu this
rapid age a day or two In time is equal to a
week or month i a the sleepy past Again the
people ol S.ielby county know me penis insi
have heretofore beset their commerce by that
worst or all our fos,the Ml.sls.lppl Central
railroad. This Cairo and Pulton road on
onr Weat ts another Mississippi Central
o..iv on a much arrander scale to drain
our western arteries of trade, and from their
rich deposit into the lap, chiefly of St. Louis.
This, Memphis must never submit to without
heiculean efforts to prevent, ir we lose the
uade or the White river valley, it will be like
cituina orr the rlnht leg ol the human body.
we must not think of submitting, ror a mo
ment, to even thla possibility. The Shreve
port road, nu one thinks or opposing. The
three hundred thuusand bales or cotton Lhat
Ue along lis line all belong, by right and na
ture, lo Memphis. The one million caille thai
are annually driven acruas a alngle terry In
Texas, thence a thousand miles overland be
fore reaching a railroad in Kansas, lo'be
rArther transported to New York, would find
their most natural and easy outlet over this
road and on through Memphis, the shortest
and cheapest route to Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Washington, Baltimore and the
great callle markets of the east. These cattle
ni.,nnu,iiilil reuuire. as has been staled, an
average of eight daily trains, of twenty cars
nob. Io uailspon lucu. in uiui.ti. now
hrn vou it-member lhat the hides, tallow
Osage-orange seed, lumber, wool aa1 the nu
merous other articles or export, Which this
road will develop in lnexnaualinie supply,
will also come naturally and necessarily over
this road and through Memphis, no one
will, for a moment, doubt it untolu
value to ihe county of Shelby. But
anouc-h as pi the value of these two railroad
Is it best to subscribe at once to the build
ing of both? I think it Is. Now ror my rea
sons, our system ot railroads east or the Mis
sissippi river is already well provided for. The
western (and by far the moat Important) sys
tem is almost as yet no system ai alL We have
shown bow, If the two above contemplated
roads be BOt speedily built. Shelby county
property will not be worth owning. A single
i I ,ti nun- hv thl. is, tin V will
Insure the building or both iheae roads. I helr
completlnu will assure, beyond Ihe possibility
of a doutn, me prosperity, lor au uiua uo wuic,
nith. nr..Ai citv of Memphis. It w ill loicecon-
BBBJLlBfl roads from every quarter, and compel
them, whether they wlah ll or not, lo come to
Memphis. Ihlswfll necessitate the building
of the grandest bridge in the world serosa the
old river in front of our city. It will make
Memphis the first cotton market in America;
force the manufacturing industries of the
countrv io concentrate here: will build up
great niachlt J-ahops, which will necessarily
.aa ..i. i u,-i, lit.
Slipi'l.V UU 'ume I 1
rtinnintr.i)-ear. etc.. and concen'rale here t In
stead of a, hundred, aa now,) a thousand of
the largest commercial esiaousnmenis in
the United States. And It will be much
eas'er 1 think, to get the united vote lor both
roads 'thsu io secure a vote for eltoer oi them
,in.i For ft subscription for bolh, you will
have two companies, each r val ng the other
in obtaining Joint vote for tho two enlerpri
scs while, if you ak only throne, the oppost
ioT nfti.. orii.r mlabt prevent the occom
pllshment of either. I don't know that Ihla
would be Ihe case; I only auggeat lhat It might
ao happen. In conclnsl n, Messrs. Editors, let
n,. cnmi the lione that If. after mature de
liberation, you may -e the quetion In the
Jikht or anove commuuiiiAiiu, j o au.
the use of your valuable aid to urge an lmrne
.n.t. ...h-rtotion hv snelbv county of such
Joint sums as ArWiU secure lAe earfv otmpUUmof
ootaroaas. nespectAuii, R MOORE.
Tata TbTbatrb waa crowded last night to
witness "iovs'e Mqu-rde," in whleh wrs.
no wars p ayd uomna Duma and air. ascuoi-
lom mat Lnsear, aomiraoiy aupp niea oy
geuiL Morion, Kills, Nome and Pike, aud
Mines Johnson. Hawthorns and Bennett.
The per'ormanee was one not soon to be for
g .tten by tho who witnessed it. it ws
liraoai pe ieo. sera. Dowers euattineu rue
position she baa attained to a the flrst
actress now upon the American stage, and
won renewed plaudit from an andlenee that
comprised many of her wsmeat rlnnda To-
nignt one appears aa uaay jeoccsrin, auu we
hopo will be honored by thu attendance of as
many aa the house will hold.
THE ROAD TO RAlifSIGH.
leetlng ot the III rectors -Bids far the
t.astrurlloaa at Ihe Bond opened
-A Mew President Elected.
The Ksletgh railroad directors bid a meet
lng yesterday. In Ayr.' block, up i business
of Importance. Bids tor the cona.ructlon of
tbe road were opened, atd eonstderad, and
discussed. They were numerous, ard some
of them wild. One very pr, leal gentleman
ottered to construct tbe road, grade, grub,
bridge and tie the Lin mile for t3,900; or
ha would build and equip the road 'or 179,
(DO, and have It done by March, Ufa The
bids will be reld un 'er oonalderatH. until
8 nrday next ihe road la to btrwm It,
uowever. by March, no matter what hap
pane. Mr Coleman, of Raleigh, the most
ntiergette and publtc-e plrlted rills -n irom
here to where he lives, waa made presi
dent, vice sarayae, resigned
Kaielgn la already becoming Important In
the eyo of our lt'rns. Numerous prwpec
a is are going ru there to select sites for su
burban villas, and ah-rp bus. us people are
nighty anxious to h.ve place for stores,
e.c Wi'h a splendid pic-nlo ground and a
magnlttosnt hotel, which u to be erected,
rtale gh wi.lbeoi.mo the prettiest little city
from St Lo'ls to New Orleans. Two hun
dred thousand people will Th.lt there next
summer.
HEATIES STOVES-
HF ATI-t. STOVES,
At H. WETTER A Co.,
li and IS Monroe street,
6 BE AT KB THAN EVER
OUR EFFORTS.
THE GREATEST
BARGAINS IN DRY GOODS
at half value tbe following goods: Ladle'
underwear, genu' underwear, shawls and
cloaks, laces and vei vet,sllks and satins, black
silks especially. Dress goods, flannels, cloths,
furs, and above all things
HOSIERY.
Extraordinary and astonishing the bargains.
HERZ0G A BRo.,
294 Main street
HEATISC STOVES.
Latest Improvement and greatest varieties
it H. WKITER A Co
It and 16 Monroe street.
THE M. V K NARROW-GAUGE.
Meetlag of the ComiwxsvsloBer Yester
day -Tbe Book, oprn for
Snkserlptloaa.
The commlesaoners of the Memphis and
Knoxvllle alr-llne railroad met yesterday a.
ternoon at the office of Owen McNutt A Oca.
in the Lee block, and organized, on motion of
H. Townsend, Esq., by electing Henderson
Owen chairman and Harvey Matthes secre
tary. The proceedings were short, to the point
and meant business. Judge T. W. Brown
moved that books be opened to receive sub
scriptions to tbe Memphis and KnoxvUl nar-
row-eaoge railroad at th office of Harvey
Mathes, up stairs, corner of Union and Sec
ond sireei. on and alter Monday, th 2 th
insi, seconded by Mr. Thomas Boyle and car
ried. Books will therefor be opened at the
time and place mentioned according to law,
and the commissioners will go earnestly to
work to secure subscriptions. The share are
fifty do'lars each, end five per cent is payable
at Ihe time of subscription. Borne of these
gentlemen ere going to ibe country next week,
no: so much, erhape. to stir up tbe people as
to catch the spirit of tbe people who are fully
awakeued and only awaiting an opportu
nity to make such an organized effort
as will secure -11 the aid required to
build the road through Shelby county. As
for the counties beyond, they are able to take
care of tbemselvea aud will be ready to meet
na at the line. Let the rood be built by this
time next year, and built and owned by the
people tor Ik ear owa oeavsaleace sad aeaaflt,
LOCAL NEWS.
Pumps, US Second atreet.
FRESH OYSTERS
Roofilved dally- per express by V. D
Kucha, 41 Jefferson street.
PROFESSOR JULIAN 0. SCHUL7Z,
Encouraired by a liberal patronage of the
elite of Memphis, will permanently give
oi undivided attention to thu culture ol
tho votes. The Memphis Operatic Society
ooneieting of hia echoiara aud appreciative
friends, endeavor to bring out young
talent, to impart judgment of tone, and
artistic conception. Every scholar re
ceives leaaona on trial, for which no
charge is made, unless the pepil finds It
profitable to continue.
Those who are desirous of purchasing a
fine kxliab K and UKIslliSfc. set ot pure
we woald advise vou to call on Leidy dt
Co., where you teU fld in their assort
ment of Gentlemen's Dresa and Business
Ha s. and Ladles' furs, the very finest
and beet tbat are worn and piraaoea. tl
amine their goods and judge for yourself.
io s tTAtra.aein'a Mi.mnhia Rtnam
Dyeing and CieauiLg E tablish ment, 262
Second street, la the ihsi place fur work of
mpj ueeoripiiou.
J. ERM-ST PERRIN6,
Organist of St. Peter's church, late of
London, and formerly of the Aoademy of
Music of New York, has taken np hia
residence in Memphis permanently, ana
wrill take a limited number of pupils, who
desire to finish their education aa vooaliata
or instrumentalists, Leaaona on the organ
at special rates, Mr. Pen-in (r makes the
cultivation of the yoice a specialty. Ap
plications may be left at the music stores.
A
New roofs made, tin roofs painted, and
an ainojs ui iwia i.. i
E. C. JONES, 117 Poplar street
Steam FTtttiio. Sin SeriiQBSret.
AMU8EMENTS.
ADDITIONAL MARKETS BY TELE6RAPH.
(roa ADDITION At A PORTS. aWB THIRD PAOB.J
MKATI.tti STOVE
HEATIKO STOVES.
Al H. WETTER A Co.,
U and 15 Monro street.
Saw FiPTKKie Dollabs bv getting the la
test Improved, tbe most durable and lightest
tunning sewing machine, which makes stitch
alike on both sides, uses ecratgsi neenlm ami
new feed with teeth on both sides or it. call
and examine al 363 Main atreet.
PIOIOIll PIOEievai PI9EOBE!
A few thousand dexm for bv V. D.
Fucha. 41 J sf) arson street, at fifty oenta per
dosen.
H. HnkfSEL. Sr. Is crtalnly ahead on die
b -of Call at ths Pop ar street market, etal s
Oiandrn. Try the '-ahoer beef
Lriwhhb Force' ain Ware, at ELLIOTT
dl RIDGELY,21ll Main street.near Aaams
London DrewaiDg Cases and TaUt Ar
tlclee. at ELLIOTT RIDGEfiY, 218
Main street, near Adams.
Japanksb Lacquered R-xcs and Trays,
st ELLIOTT A RIDGELY, 219 Main
street, near Adams.
Job Loctb, 2)t Main street, hss the
Largest aaaorinient of Magazlnea.Plctc rials
and dailies in the city.
ALWAYS BF.ADV.- Fae Oliver, Flaale
A 4 ea.'a aell-- lalwg Baekwaeasl, as' yen
will an rely have goosl rakea. Any fast
ran nse II.
Draymen, oartmen and owners of all
vehicles had better renew their oity license
before the numbers are placed in the
hands of tbe polios force.
B. LOWENSTEIN V BRO?.
Will continue to sail their
MAGNIFICENT STOCK
OF
STAPLE AND FANCY DRY O00D8.
At greatly reduced price
THEIR STOCK IS NEW AND FRESH,
but marked at inch figure aa no
other house in Memphis oan com
pete with, under any clrcuinatajioeB,
no matter what their pretext may
be. .a
We advise all those who have any
purchases to make, not to fail In
calling at
B. LOWENSTEIN it BROS,
and secure some of the great bar
gains they are oftsring.
The promises ol B. Lowenstein 4
Bros., may be relied on. Their
advertisements are no humbug.
They always do as thev say. Their
rule is to let no other bouse under
sell them under any olrcumstance.
East Ikdia Curioaitiea, at ELLIOTT t
RIDGELY, 219 Main atreet, near Adams.
Economy. By using Mrs. WhltoombJ
Syrnp for children, many a doctor's bill
man be saved, and much suffering averted.
Rad the advertUement in another eol-
CooOAljea drawee the hair beautifully.
See advertisement of Dr. Butts' Dis-
Cnaary, headed Book for the Million
srriage Guide in another column. It
hould be read bv all
OAS Frmao, 616 Me-sond street
Paris Fans and Jewelry, at ELLIOTT
tt RIDGELY, 219 Main street, near
Adams.
FOB BUCKWHEAT CAeaEB-ITa Oli
ver, Fianie at Cav's ae'i Bisi.g aaaeek.
nasal, eaeraseara reiaaii as aa .i
SiaUl V aau, a aa air
AMBSUOAN DBTVBN WalLL St BTOWTaS
A Browne's, Ui ataoond street.
RIVER NEWS.
Boats Leaving To-day
BL Loala uiaior Pixk
rrlar a mint u. w tsaei
st Francis river. St. Fraki is
Sew Orleans. Bxll leb
New i.'tleanB LOIISV1LLS
Arkansas river Celeste
8t Loul -CITT or ALTON
Red river H. J. Lock con
Arrivals.
Utah..
5 p.m
5 p.m
5 p.m
4 p.m
4 p m
5pm
6 p.m
9 am
U S. Turner
ity oi Vlcksburg...
Dai-dane le
Belle Lee
Julia
St Louis
St. Louis
st Loul i
,rasnar:ver
New Orleans
.Vlcksburg
D. nurture.
Utah Aj-kans river
H S Tuner Mew Orleans
City of Vlcksburg.- Vlcksburg
tiina J8i. Louis
sale In Part.
Belle Lee. l)r-iane!le. Celeste
Ml vers. W earner and B
The weather veaterdav was clear snd
pleasant and business at tbe wharf waa
fair. Nothing of apeeial Interest trans
pired. Prospects are lair for a good river
ousinesa. Freights from St. Louis have
.gain declined. Tbe establish rates are
a follows: To New Orleans, pr, 60s
and pocnl freight Sac; by barges, fV)c
and 82Hc To Vlcksburg, reduced to tOe
for fl nr. and pound freights, 35c; to
VI- mollis, flour. 50o: pork, 80c; whisky
tl 60. and pound freight, 30 to t o, The
iver rose here one inch siuce las', i eport
i he Utsb carrti.n from above, three and
t half days oul, and departed for Arkansas
-Iver with a good trip. She will run in
taH.t. Louis and Arkansas river trade
this season.
By Telegraph.
Cairo. November 16 Arrived: Colora
do, from Vlcksburg, at 7 p m. Keparted
Sailie, for St Liuia at 1 p m. River rose
10 inches. Weather clear. Thermome
ter. 44
New Obuans, November 15 Arrived
Marv E Poe ani Citv ol Quinoy, from St
Louie. Departed: Henry Ames, Eel osg
nd barge and Commonwealth, for St,
Louis.
VicgsBOBO, November 15 Passed
town: Sliver Bow. 12 last night. Up
E H. Durfee, at 11 a m Lsbarge, at 7
n-i River rising. Weather clear and
enoL
L-uitviLLx, November 16. The river
has risen 2 inches, and la still risng, with
3 feet 8 at the head ot the cenal and 22
inches in the chute. Green, Barren and
Salt rivers are rising; clear, cold and
windy. Several boata are advertlssing to
leave for Now Orleans in a few dave.
Vtaria Louise is receiving for New Or
leans and Red river. Tbe oanal will be
opened on Monday, but only the old
locks will be used, as it will take seve
ral weeks to clear the mod from the
new dr cks.
Little Rock, November 16 Weather
clear and cool, itlver railing last. te-
rrartad: Marv Bovd for Memphis.
Washinotv. B Novembi r 16 The eecre
tarv of the treaauiv. In an cm nal clrcaUi
hs nromuls-ated some additional rules
regulations, eto ot the board of supervis
ing inspectors oi steam vessels, wuicu now
have the full force of law. He especially
directs attention to the rule which re
nnlraa all ateamers carrying parsen-
erers or freight, when lying at a wharf
or landBak without ateam to work
tbe pumps, to be provided with i
curtain number of portable fire eztin
guishers that have been approved by tbe
board of aupervlaing inspectors and sec
rotary oi the treasury. In enforcing the
provisions oi this rale the inspectors sre
runner enjoined to cause sncn nre exun-B-nlshers
to be oroperly arranged on euub
steamer-, and to give the watchman or
other cfflyerB in obargs thereof tbe neces
sary in ructions for the msnagement and
use or tne same
Rfscellaneaans.
The City of Vicksburg cams in from
above, three snd a half daya out. She
discharged here 25 tons of freight, and
added SO tons of wsv freight for below.
The H. 8. Turner arrived from St.
Louis, five snd a half days out. and die
charsred 620 barrels of flour, snd departed
for New Orleans, alter aiding 200 bales of
cotton. She was drawing six snd a halt
feet.
The Dardanelle arrived from the Arkan
aaa, with 269 bales of cotton and a lot of
sundries to order.
The EmmaC Elliott leaves Louisville
to-dav lor this port.
The Mary Miller la off Reeves's bar, and
going down all right.
Captain Jack Chambers, clerk of the
steamer E. H Durfee, Is ill the city.
The Julia came in from Vlcksburg with
sixteen bales of cotton and aeventy-four
sacks of cottonseed for this port, sd' tie-
parted ror a Dove alter aodit-g twt nun
drad and flftv hales of cotton.
Tbe Bells Lee came in from New Or
leana with a good trip, including sixty
bales of cotton six hundred snd eighteen
sacks of cottonseed: fifty-eight hogsheads
of sugar t one hundred and twenty-one
barrels of molasses; one hundred and
thirty-three sacks of oo tfse; five hundred
and forty five bundles of cotton ties, and
a good trip or people,
The Louisville, R. J. Lock wood and
Belle of Pike, are dne from above, also
the Capital City from below.
Tbe City of Alton f six hundred
balsa of cotton here for New Orleans.
BOATS LEA VINO TO-DAY.
Fob New Orleans The fast and mag
nificent steamer Belle Lee, Captain Frank
Hicsts, leaves tor New Orleans and all way
landings at 4 o'olook thla afternoon. John
S Snllivan is her chief secretary.
Fob FBiAB'a Point. The lively G. W
Cheek leaves to-day at 6 p m for Friar's
Point snd all ths coast landings. Cap
tain Mark Cheek Is her popular commander.
Fob St Francis River The fine and
elegant steamer St. Francis, Captain R
T. Bowman, leaves to day at 6 p m., for
Helena, Mariana and all points on tne St.
Franol. Sam 0. Paine la her purser.
Fob Abeansas Rivbb The fine pas
senger steamer Celeste, Captain Cooper,
leave to-dy at 12 m. for Pine Bluff, Little
Rock and all points on the Arkansas.
Walter Outlaw Is her popular clerk
Fob Nbw Obiabans The fine and fleet
passenger steamer Louisville, Captain
Ben Merrlieea, lesvas to-day at 4 p m. for
Vlcksburg, New Orleans and all way
landings. Mr. A F. Powers Is bar pop
ular clerk.
Fob St. Louis. The bsndsome steamer
Belle of Pike leaves to-day at 6 p.m. for
Cairo, St. Louis snd all way landings.
NEW RULES AND REGULATIONS OF TBE
ST BAB BOAT LAW.
The board of supervising Inspectors
have submitted to the secretary of ths
treasury their report. The following em -braces
tbe rules of general Interest to tbe
public;
Certificates of inspection are not to be
issued by any Inspector for less than one
year or for one voyage.
Passenger steamers are required to car
ry relieving tackles or tillers as additional
steering spparatua.
Refined petroleum, wnioh will not ig
nite at less than 110 degrees Fahrenheit,
may be carried on passenger steamers on
the guards or forward main dock, st s
safe distance trom any fire.
Fire pomps, n qui red by law upon steam
vessels, must be supplied with connection
pipe, leading to the hold of the vessel.
The navigation ot any steamer shall be
under the immediate control and man
agement of s first-class licensed pilot.
A master desiring to sot aa pilot, snd
furnishing the neasssary evidence of hia
ability, may have his route endorsed on
ths master's oertlfloate by the local in
spectors for the district where the Hoe nee
ts issued; and, in like manner, aflrat-olaas
pilot (Wiring to act as mate, who gives
aail factory evidence of ability, shall have
the fact endorsed on the pilot' certifloate.
All life preservers shall post gas a boot
icy of roar pounds to ons pound of
00' E.
Stesm-registers required by law shall
not be allowed to sa any card, paper or
dial for recording the pressure snd Its
venation, wmon win need renewal on
ener than twelve months.
That all cork life preservers adjustable
to tbe body shall be regarded as in oom-
Elian ce with the law, when tbe same shall
e presented to the inspectors far their
approval on board steam vessels.
A circular promulgating tbeaa rules and
regulations will be issued by Secretary
BontweU today.
Mobile. November 15. Cotton very firm,
and higher rates asked; middling. 17540; net
receipts, 1744 bales: exports ooaatwue, 76;
sales, 10U0 stock tu 066.
HAVANNAIY.
Bai-asvab. November 15. Cotton quiet;
middlings, ITc net receipts, xoat bales; exports-continent.
1911 coastwise, mi sale,
650 stuck, ',uf.i.
CHARLESTON.
Charijbston. November 15. Cotton steady
mlddlliga, mic; net receipt. 14dS bade; ex
ports Uroat Britain, lull: coast wise, iiiix
sales, 600.
FOBKIUV BASKETS.
LONDON.
IiOWDoie, November 16, 4: p.m. ConsolaJtaK.
American securities firmer: C nlted Stales cou-
Sons, 5-aia, of 1-61. 915,: do n i do '07. M
0li4ua, SUVA. Tallow, 9a ad.
Paris.
Paris, November 15. Rentes, tatf 54c.
LIVERPOOL.
Liverpool. Novamber 15 Cotton steady;
luiuiiiiu uiiiHuiia,au, iiiuiauvi uuwub, 7,ii,
sales, 16. 10 bales, of which 40U0 are lor export
and speculation.
3L, Thaller ctoC3 0
AUCTIONEERS
AND COMMISSION MERCHANT;
814 laeMT ST., A TE AO ABU.
Will Mil ahss 11 11 bibb, a 1 eyeseMh,
in lots to suit buyeur. a fuU Un of
DMT taOSOlV, CLOTH IN tl, EOTIOEd,
BOOTS AND BHOE.-1,
Hats, eaiassBara, CaUawr, East,
rasa ntrv merchants, and the trade gen
.ti.
VIENNA Wrltina Desks. Work and Jaw.
elry Boxes, st ELLIOTT fc RIDGELY,
219 Main atreet, near Adams.
J. R, Weat, with Menken Brother.
Otvll and see him if you wsnt good and
STEAMBOATS.
FOR CAIRO AND BT. LOUIS.
ttemphi8afi dt. Lows U.S. Mail Line
For Osceola, Msdrid, Hickman, Belmont and
Cairo, louu.ci Dg at naimont wnu uie
lion Mountain B. K.. at Cairo with
Illinois Ct-nirai Railroad, and
b ale no lb onto H'ver.
BELLE PiEai -a Lennox, master
Tins e.AgAi.. .AAUier wul leatve
aa above
ill v. toin luji.. ai -1 n. m
Tmhuia in All ,-oluLS via Msmnhl SJld St
Louis packets, norm, Ea t and vVeal; pply
to litUtra. RaIUosaI anu t-leambcai office,
uu u. DUNN. cur. Court and Mam at.
Fre gut receiveu at tue 8t.Ln.uia vvhar beat.
F uEM. CALVERT, Oen'l Bnp't
rolg W E DILL. Agent,
AUCTION.
FOiL JSISW OltiAJiAANS.
St Louis -w tirians Patkst Co
Vr" AAiak.s.nH NBtylrlMBa.
I tlT V lCJEat U I A-' StkUaJr a nan a- sw rw
CITY OF ALIOS. Hor-oe Blxby, master
Tnls elegant auu aw 11 .ABBaBl
will leave aa above dBBBssawaaal
THla DAY. p lnat.,at 4 p.m.
j!l. WABHINOTON, Agent,
El6 No. a Madison atreet
FOB til ears ill ga and NEW OBLEAJIS.
The elegant pasanSOgar ahWAWaawar
LUU'tVlLLE
--r.,-iiA. isAaier. rower-, ciera.
Leaves TUUl'.-lD AY, 16th lust, at 4 p.m.
1 l.iillTa MiuLAK. AlMU
nis c .1 nai JeCerson and Promenade at.
Memphis New Orleans Tbsrsday Packet,
rot V lCA-sUUig, naiuiii
Tne new auu u-a. 1 1
BELLE LKE J- rank Hicks, master
Will leave a above on XHCR-Ds Y. the
16lh lual., at 5 o clock p m. ror ia...i o.
BBBaaBM puly SB board or 10
LARKY HAPJaBTAD A CO., Agents,
note No. j.fl.r-on -reat.
FOR AsJUiAiSbAifi WVliK
Meniphls and Arkansas Blver Pack el
at a .All I in.
IrlBOiUul Or.l BMITH UiltECT.
The n otiii pa-sen. or
aSt 'saxxx.-x- o-Ij,Ta9U
J. el. oopei. uiAster.
Will leave as above aBUKSUaY, Not. 18th,
at 13 m.
For freight or passage apply to
W. H. RtNNr.DAl, Agent,
erfloo on com pa. y' WbarfbOAt
lj Foot of Court atrtet
an..aa BWaaBI K HO H.
MEMPHIS AND ABEASSsS BJVEB
PACMET COMPANY,
tr. Darel nelie liu. Nowiaaaial, nmunter
Tula apiendlu possengar pauaet
wl II leave as above
rltlPAi, ivu iaoi.,.iu piu.
w u vs. N s.iaY. Aaeut
nis
T II aaiuts 'a A
Office on Company' Wc-rfbuat,
F.ot of i' n-t feet
KOB RED KIVER.
Carter Line ef Bad River Packet. For Jaf
lerson, Shreveport, errand Eoore
HUU WAJ lAUAl.
Mir. B.J LO' KWOOO -..oghlll, mister
This eltgiint paaaenger sicamer
will lesve aa above
Tdlb Day. i.h mat., at
J. T. WABHl.sj(lTO!l, Agent,
nr,lii So 3 Madl-on atreet
FOR HELENA AND FRIAR'B FOLN1
tsr BwMsra. Aastii, C. K., Hhtsg sjaj
rnsr s rsiat.
The reliable, first-class paaaenger packet
ea. W. Cheek a
mark R. CHEEK master,
Will run regularly, aa above, leaving
y TOBIUtl,
U U IB e V Ai 1 lumi.i..A.
rjEOAi, nanntaarry at j p.m.
For freight or
au
ova. le
THURBD
u p.m.
apply on board.
AA
lAY and BAT
PtT t-.alaaa, Friar's Fttiat, Bulak, Wslt
Kivef NmsMbs uti tit 1H.I,
The Cnltsd BUtaa Mail Packet
A. J. WHITE
HEO. MALONiu. Iliaa-i.-,
Arui leave Memphis MONDAYS and FBI
DAYS, pTLQtTtuaily at i p.m.
For frelgbt or paaaaga. apply on board
in!
t hUJi'a irJUN A AJNJJ HJIaNJJH.
frhr '1 Pstm, Hsims sat Usrrt
eKEiSS aan i m.
itttr
v 1 M
aauiiea aai
Leave Meaf
p.m., conawo;
Rhcoa Mr
L'Ar.aTMfle r'
11. Min.
..master.
Dhis Monday anu Friaaya, at 4
;:ng at nruril. wiau IAS. ainvaauava
storiann and all pctnu an
.Tv 1 tiLA N KsVB til V MM
Menpbit aoD Arkansas River Paofctt Css
ptny- U. S. Mail Lis.
nHI ELE3ANT PAS8ENOER BOATS OF
1 thl line leave Memphis fur all points
on Arkansas river
MONDAYS, W BOB EH BATS ;A FBJL
Als,i -s p.bbb.
For fro. got, passage or other Information.
appiy 10
W. H. EKNNEPAY, Agent,
Office on Company's Whariboat,
o33 Foot ol Court atreet
FOR NEW ORLEANS.
Regular Memphis and New OrlsaM
1HUBSDA T PACZEl.
For New Orleans and tho Balds,
OABOtx 1871-1878.
The Elegant Paaaenger and Freight Btaraer
BELLE LEE
J. Fraas Eleks..mastsr I J 8. Sullivan der
Will leave Mom phi ror New Orleans as
follows:
18711
Thursday November 14th, at 5 p.m
Thursday.. November SBih, atSpm
Thursday t-ecember 14th, inpn
Thursday ...D-eember 38th, at 5 p m
187SI
Thai-day...- January 11th, at S pan
Thursday --.January 26th, at 5 p.m
Thursday February stn, at 6 p m
Thurso ay February rid, at 6 p.m
Thursday March 7th. al 5 p.m
Thursday Marsh list, at 6 p.m
LAKBY HAatMBTTAii A CO., Agent,
no! No 8 JctTrson street
FOR WHITE RIVER.
Memphis ward White Stiver i nltaKl attate
Mall Line,
te. B. P. WALT W. J. Aabforal, Master
Leaves Memphis fax Jacksoupoxt EVatriY
AATUR AY.atSpm.
Str. LE43ALTB OEM... W. klltatt, Maaatsa
Leave Maenphi for Jackson port EVERY
TTJEMOA Y. at 5 p m. Th boaU connect at
Devall's Bin 1 with the train going up Moa
day and Thnrsdsya; coming down wedna.
daya and Baturdaya
For freight or nas-sge apply oa board or to
rci.l .llrTT sal i.i.aiiA Aga&l,
Promenade sL, foot oijeffer
or to W. H. KENNED AT. Agent,
Office on Company W harfboat, toot Oourt st
U. 8. MAIL COACH LINES.
PA38ENOUR8 by our lines from Fort Smith
can go six time a weak, via Kay site Tills
to Neosho on tbe Southern Pad 6.0 railroad,
136 mile; or three times a wsek from Fori
Smith, 70 mils to Fort Gibson these daily
south 176 mill b to Boggy Depot and tr l-weakly
west 160 miles, via Fort Arbuoasfto Fort Bill;
or continuing south daily from Boggy 55 miles
to r-hrrman apd going westward, by line of
U. a Forta.870 miles to Bl Paso; or southward
from Mherman daily into Central Texas, or
east uj jenerson, aaarsnaii, ate, or
by railroad, via Marshall to Longvlew and
waatward into Central Texas: or southward
from Longvlew, via Huniavlll to Nsvsitata,
190 mile, on Texas Central Raliroatl Passsn
grs entering Texas by
OALVEHTOS OB INDIAEOLA
meet our lue- al the head or toe various rail
road' to all pan or Teia. and ran In hatter
concert ihan ever before, and in good style
.ur 1 avij aaaavv a aaa. aw r is. fastis.
Haas
Bargains Bargains
I WILL BELL LOW, FOR CASH. THE
10m
LXkT
:Ofa?jBXa,
Jut now ftnl-bed and in fall blast, with new
furniture, and all complete, S'tuated near
the railroad crossing.
I will lan sell cheap, a good FAMILY
RtoalOENi E, oonvemleat to raUroad cross
in, with Dice yard, well improved and w.ii
at with fruit trees, good garden, 1 table,
cribs, etc.
Tnos wisning to dutwii: 00 well to oajt
on R -W. MKNtiEy,
Proprlet or 01 tn aoutnarn Hotel.
aT4mwIslsa KsaBtMiClyaxa.
enu
erally. will find it to their interest to
os re--- Uann.
X. tOr-s Jt.l-nl-3T-txx OtB OO Set
AUCTIONEER.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS AMB MAMU-
FACT Uh t rts AhtB I a.
WE will oommsno our regular fail trau
ale, at Auction, on TL situ AY, Bi
1871, and continue them three time a weee
daring the season, our tumer ic consign
ore, embracing every line of Foreign anu
lAOtnesuc Lrnz UNCOILS, uuuarAi,iu, uaas
BOiK, BHOEB, NOTIONS, FANCY AN
VARIETY OO IDS, Etc, will keep as eoa
tAnrlv annnilml with ev.rv dascrlntlos 0
Merchandise suitable for onr market, thus
oaerUig to city and country merchant ara.i
oooorlnnltr Lo replenish a treks at Drier 1st
be ow regular rate Our regular sale days
will be TuaaDATS abb ihubspaia
A.S. eiaJGKitrsON. A action"
SPECIAL NOTICE.
JEFFERSON ST. MARKET
SU JEFFEXBON BTSEET.
This place Is open at all hiors
of tha day. 1 he tmt of frsh mens
aod vniet b as rtao always ba had
Parties buylrg in larg quart ities
su?p!hd a. iTwest rttis pusible
Meats delivertd free to all parte
of the city.
F jRSTENHEit tV HrXTER.
A. C. JB)tLadwbU.jL, lAtts Maacbavm Tree! Wmll
B. TivKADWBLaA of Tad wrns.
Mmt A IsUkAUW SmUl Al L BBBA V. 1 tHtas.
B. V. Tjukwux, of Trtd wui Broa.
A. C. Treadwell Bros.
WHOLESALE GROCERS
AMD
COTTON FACTORS,
No. N UNION STREET,
STONE WALL BLOCK, MEMPHIS. TUN.
fj AVE ONE OF THE LAMFJIT STOCKS
I J u hss ever Been ta.ir piea-cre to oner,
both to tbe city and eounU trade, consisting
in part, vis:
IBM asrCBT i ISAM kesxaMalasi
lao a nu.. Hear i sao aaia.
i
ssse alsaea ataartvtaas.S ts
i.ooo noia. near n
looxi Baal. Suail i a
saw tgns.Taaaai IBS ca.ui
aaa wy sac r. r a
Mesa Park, H aaaaa, I rang i
sal Mala.. Meaat. mm
athsr nrelelaaa In Ihelr Una taw neaanar-
Tha asasSBBBBB of wholesale dealer is spe
cially Invited to tUetr larg a o-k, wuicb ha
been gotten np with great care, and ts offered
st prices inai mu. perove eauaiacwry w oujr-
Their Cotton Department 1 under the
cnarge of A C. TREAD w ELL, wno gives nis
1 attention to i ne Bate oi lahbubb. au
avlcir had 18 y ears experience in tha bust
neas, feels competent to co Justice to snipper
person
having
nana. i.
in the sal of tae staple. They woald tnrtner
return thanks for the very Utasral patronage
heretororo extended to 'hem, ana reapaat-
fully solicit a continuance oi tc same.
aaKeUw
SPIOER It RYAIM,
6R0CERS,
INTo. 804 Main flit.
NEW GOODS!
FRESH ARRIVALS DAILY
Nenr Lam tetania Maln'sea.
utwae.1 Flaanr. Grahaan Flanr,
new jseaa as Acn.r. i.
Mew H aaaaa. r.Bi are nan Drleal Beef.
Boeaa. AAV- aan isgaayra a neeen.
Peek frraa aft ejaa.. LMia Be a -wit.
I bacolalr, leias ami I n Ate I ..I.
Crease at Biaekwell Klekiea,
I 'a a taa Winarer.
StT Our stock is on of the best, acd pur
obaseu direct. We sella lovaathe lowest
Deals. and oonsumers are invited -o look
throurh our stcck. sriigg aft BTAN
T. XXT. -V7vr I Ia Ij IAM g
Catta Factor and Comaltedoa
Mayxaaet,
as. 216 FRONT STREET,
Up-stalrs, Msmphla, Tenneasi
set daw
Christian Bro hers' College,
282 AOAMS STREET.
TtHTS laa'ltatlon, nnder the above title
t and dirro'ion. win open on as an. ay
avesnbarto. IS7I. The course o- 1 us true
tiou euiuraoe ail the branches usual y taught
in collages of the Deri character.
For terma. e'o apply to the President,
Brother M atjeelain, ai St Peter's pastoral
realdeno. be. ween 8 acd o'clock am. and
beteraen 6 and p n aotl
MICHAEL PVNE AGENT
COH Bianoba.rd CV- BondAd OolltaaaUon
L Barvao: offlcts, m4 sooond suraoc. m
pp is, Ten n. Olfllms tad otanU tn Tenus
imcVonlm MlsaattaslppL AsHmnum aud Lea
iMiaua, rapct nliy sioliotted. Prnmpuipfsi in
oolieetiuna, and remiw.ae caaranUcd. nli
JOHN NORTON,
aT uaBtloea of txx.es Pal
FOR the Uth Civil District, thelby county
suainass raareetfully soiielud.
SST Offioa, gtw Sec np street
noia John Norton, j. f.
James X3 etvll,
COMMISSIONER OF DEEDS
For all tha States and Territorlea
ttr Domaatlo and Forelcn Crl'Mtlons
lioltod. bpedal Bttamlun KlTtn lo tbe pros-
wraMon or eiaima Deiore tne mnea Atn-n
oan and Brltlh Joint Commlaalos. for dam
mm doae tn Brtt.sb and American tnbjfeu
timnna ine latve war. ami
NOTICE.
OtFICE PyOPLKB IN-UR ANC CO.. 1
MsvMiBZS,Taaw., November 14, 1871.
say The Stockholders of this Company
who have not already complied with th eail
for ths baUane dne on their Stock Note,
mads October 10th, and payable within thirty
daya, are reqaaated to eail at th office of the
Company, and settle the balance dne.
noil J. A SIMMONS, Secretary
A FAt'M of two hundred and Eva
-TV sevn mile from Memphis, and half a
mile south of Qoodlet's station, on the Mam.
Bhia and Charleston Railroad, comprising
B acres cleared land and forty-five seres of
a beautiful grove. The Ut la ons or the
most beautiful in the oountry. with comfor
table dwellings, gin hocae, stable and well
or dear sweet water, stock, provlslcns,
wagons, tool, etc. now on the place, will be
sola if purchaser desire. For term apply
on th place to Dr. O. H. Moor, or (lo. R
rowan, ei onro. .xraai rg
i. BAWiAiBas. 1 1. l. waaa. j. i. uvuigi.
J. J. RAWLIN63 CO
Cotton Factors
tiro
COMMISSION MERCHANTS
No. 254 Front Street,
(UP-BTAXB8).
MEMPHIS, TEHNE8BER
SBT TO thOSe Who daaalrsa It wa will iitnnli
tJaree- fourths of the valae of eottem on de
livery, charging nothing for tbe advanaa
except bank interest Irom the Urns of tbe
advanea unth tbe oottcn Is sola and th
mon7 coUeerted Thl can hardly fall to be
appriMiated by these who bring In cotton on
wagon, and want th money to return the
am nay before the cotton ca-n oe sold, anu
by merchant and buyers wha want the
money in band for the porpo of reinvest
lng. Tha favotiitlra tor rsmlttanoee by x-pre-a
are suoc thai the ahlppar can havs ths
monsy in hand in two or three days after a
BARGAIN S!
Dry Goods
or
Great Attract'ns
DRY GOODS!
B. LOWENSTEIN
W are THIS WEEK orlwiii, un-
eqaailed Inducements in the follow
ing lines, to which we cordially In
vite the attention of Intending pur-
chasera, gBantnteelng them the cheap
est hj well as the most desirable list
oi dry grxtds ever offered in this city.
VELVET CLOAKS
AMD
AOQU sa
la all the new share i. .and trimmed with
EXTREME ELEGANCE a4 TASTE.
AlofJO
A SPLENDID LINE OP
Cloaking Velvets
IN ALL rVl jTH?.
As these goods are of oar own di
rect importation we can confidently
recommend them as being the best
and cheapest in the market.
LADIES' BRAfDcD
VELVETEEN SACQUES.
LADIES' BRAI3E0
VELVETEEN JACKETS.
Ladies' Embroidered
AJR)
Braided Cloth Sacquss.
Ladiea' EmbroireMd
AND
Braided Cashmere Sacques.
In New and Elegant Desfggt.
Cloth Jackets
la all lr at 4 00
Utflea',Eissesad I'blldren' OPFBA
awat t'HISt'HILLA 4'tOTH S ACtsTES
aod JA4 KET8. laelaillng th are
Bafrea Imporeeat aatraree by as, aaaaeal
the
LORENZA.
P!0 NONO and
FREDERICK LE 6tN0,
Besides hundreds of others t'lually
styleish and novel.
OUR
Shawl Department
Will be found uaasaalty attractive this weest,
as wears Jest la receipt of a splendid Una of
new and elegant
French Broche Shawls.
FRENCH BROCHE
md
CASHMERE
BREAKFAST SHAWLS,
Roman Striped Shawls
AND
ROMAN STRIPED SCARFS,
Of OTJB OW.W IMPORT ATI", whleh
we will sasll at snarat atlraetlv.
Wa woald invito special stttaUon to oar
onri vailed assortment ol
XiADIBM'
Walking -Suits
-I M
SILK, POPUN, CLOTH I ALPACA.
LADIES' WATER-PROOF 8UIT8,
TOO Eaeb.
W ar alao offering this wk xtraordt
naiy lndnc.mant In
Blaiketa,
Flannels,
Marseillse Qu its,
Coverlets,
SheetiDtjs,
TewelMgs,
Damasks,
Napkins
And all goods suitable for housa-keeper.
OUR STOCK OF
Winter Hosiery
lathe moat complete ever offerad th oiu.
a. ua ui aa un puis ccmnruing Laoies
as and Children'
Plala gad Faaey Catsraera Hsaa,
Plata ana F asoy Wsel Hate,
PUls gad Faaey Marias Hats,
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
FLEECED COTTON HOSE,
Ilf ALL SI
shipment
ear wa
will Ell all
or
at to low
wa have the
Tbe largt end best assorted stock or Ladles'.
Misses aad Children knit tsailai asai la
Msmphla.
star We will sell the above trivvfa a
lower prices than any other house in
th city, no matter what their nm
tentlona may be.-wM
B. Lowenstein Bros
242 ud 244 Main St,
CORNER OF JEFFERSON ST,