©lie Republican.
SU^^YftEADINGS.
Shocks*.—Apparent success Is not always the
measure of real success; and, besides, God has
not enjoined success upon us, but only labor. Ho
will ask an account of our labor, but not of our
success. Why, then, should we he too much con
cerned about it? We must sow the seed; God
wKI gather the fruit; If not to day It will be to
morrow; if not for us it will be for others. Even
If success were to be Rranted us, It woald alwavs
tie dangerous to look complacently upon it. On
the one hand, we are temped to claim for our
calves some of the glory on the other hand, we
are prone to slacken our veal when we see good
results arising from it; t*at is the very time we
ought to put iorth double energy. To look at oar
success is to walk by sight; to look untoJesas,
and to persevere in following and serving Him
despite all discouragements, is to walk by faith.
—Ref A. Monod
Religion is LovvrLTy to Set.F.—Religion is
essentially a man's duty to himself. On the in
stant that a man has reference in his conduct to
some satisfaction conferred upon God, his act is
an act of superstition, for his deity is assumed to
bo dependent upon man for his happiness, and is
thus regarded as subject to the passions of men.
A man is religious who reveres his own soul suffi
ciently to be loyal to its dictates, to cherish and
cultivate its faculties, and to preserve it from
guilt. But this fidelity to the sacred self is the
center of any true fidelity to others; only by dis
obeying the laws of our own nature can we wrong
others. Separate our relations to others from
self-trutbiulness, and our service to them, though
it may be what they desire, is harmful to them,—
the mere catering to their prejudices, or indul
gence of their faults—and therefore essentially
immoral. M.l>. Qmwaj
Good Worfs.—At the late anniversary of the
Fulton street prayer meeting the leader called on
Rev Dr Armitage, who began by saying he found
that men pray very much alike, no matter what
their differences and their theologies may be.
When we come to God in prayer we sink our
preferences and our prejudices and pray them all
down. He said he had been surprised and de
lighted in beering a man pray lately who denied
the divinity of our Savior. But he was making a
very earnest prayer, full of urgent requests, and
when he came to the conclusion he said, “All
these I ask for the cake of my God and Savior
Jesus Christ." There is a charm in the name
which is above every name, as the medium
through whom we have access to the Father.
When we come to him we feel the need of the
presence of the Great Mediator. We do well to
take the heart of the day to pray—take it out of
the din of business to pray. What is the lan
guage of this meeting? What means it? That
it is worth while te pray. Fourteen years of an
swered prayer says it is worth while to pray. 0,
brethren! O, sisters! what if we never could pray
—think of it —if never our voices reached a mercy
seat!
Our Gsusat Girins.—No man who is a patriot,
and who means to give his life for his country,
can afford to be on the wrong side on the subject
of the cleansing of our great cities, and of oblig
ing them to express the best thoughts of this
later period of the world. Our civilization is ex
pressed te the world by the civilization of onr
cities. And it is a good thing that at last we
have an illustration of the vital relations of
cities, if it quickens our idea of our duties re
specting them, and enlarges our idea of their
functions in this great land. For America per
haps above all other countries, is the land of
cities. Freedom, intelligence, order and thrift
always develop in that direction. There are more
cities in Massachusetts than there are south of
Mason and Dixon's line, in the, 15 states there.
Introduce a lew form of political economy, and
there will be a barbarian form of morals —an old
oriental form of despotism, such as might have
been in vogue as far back as when monkey ceased
and man began—if such a time there ever was.
Introduce antiquated economies, and cities will
be few and far oetween, and abnormal, for the
most part, but introduce the great civilizing and
refining influences which peculiarly distinguish
Christianity, end one of the invariable results
will be the multiplication of great communities.
Men talk to you about the great mischief which
arises from young men leaving the country for
the city. I know that a great deal of mischief
arises from thin cause. And yet, t*£:ing against
it is like talking against the wind. You might
as well read a lesson as to the propriety of the
Gulf stream rolling up and warming England
and leaving -Greenland untouched. It does so,
and it will do so. Cities will grow end increase
in population; and it is for us to understand that
effect and take freed to it, so that cities shall be
the legitimate expressions of the best hart of our
civilization. Neman is a good citizen, no man
is a good patriot, no man is a good Christian,
who does not care what becomes of the cities, so
that his business thrives, and his family is happy.
It is treason to the flag, and it is treason to that
God who made the flag.— Beecher.
WIT AND WISDOM.
Court plaster—Kisses.
An attached couple—Oyster shells.
Doubt is the method of knowledge.
Noble living is theKnest of all fine arts.
Smoking in the streets is prohibited in Chicago..
The richest man—Ke who is centent with what
he has.
Without leisure, say's Buckle,.there can ie no
knowledge.
There is one gift that President Grant has
never received—the gilt of gab.
Ridicule often parries resentment, but resent
ment never yet parried ridicule.
A ship should not be hold by one anchor, cor
life by a single hope.
We lose a life in every friend we lose,
And every death is painful but the last.
Opinions grounded upon mere prejudice ae?
always tustained with the greatest violence.
The roads tending to God are moredn numba
than the breathings of created beings.--[Sasan. J
Self-will is so ardent and active that it will?
break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on.
He travels safe and not unpleasantly who is
guarded by poverty and guided by love.—[Sir
Philip Sidney.
When Charity walks into the lowest places of
want, we see the beautiful purity of bar robes
most distinctly.
You talk of your troubles, but yours is not
such a hard case as mine, as the oyster st id to
the fisherman.
Happy thought by a cheap shirt-maker on his
own workwomen: "They coma like shadows,
sew, depart!’’
The Danbury News says that the reason school
boys delight to dig and explore eaves, is because
of the recesses there.
"Pa, isn’t that man in wbat they eall the
spring-time of lite?" “Why, my son?" “Be
cause he looks so very green."
Any career may be spiritual that is not in itself
base. Be you scholar, merchant, marine, artist,
statesman, artisan, you may be saint.
A wise man looks upon men as he does on
horses; all their comparisons of title, wealth and
place he considers but as harness.—[Cecil.
Mrs Malaprop has been staying in the country
for a few days, at an old-tasbioned house, ail
4'ver Gabriels, with millions in the windows.
Men are frequently like tea—the real strength
aai goodness is not properly drawn out of them
till they have been for a short time in hot water.
Parental love and the love of the sexes is blind
to faults; friendship is clear-sighted; the vision
of hatred, like that of a drunken mao, is multi
plied.
The question is not: Art thou
In the nobility?
This is the question: Is there
Nobility in thee?— |Gleim.
"It is,” said Sir Matibew Hale, “as great a dis
honor as a man is capable of that for a little'
money he is hired to say otherwise than he
thinks."
A man ought to carry himself in the world as
an orange-tree would if it could wslk np and
down in the garden, swinging porlnme from
every little censor It holds up to the air.
"John,” said a cockney lawyer to his son, "I see
you will never do for an attorney—you have no
nenergy.” “Excuse me, father,” said John,
“what I want is some of your chickcnary."
R-tmomber that truth depends not upon your
seeing it, and believe as you saw when your sight
was at its best. For then you saw that the truth
was beyond all you could see.—[J. McDonald.
Indignant Old Lady—“ Guard, do you allow
smoking in this compartment?” Obliging
Guard—“ Haw, weel, if nane o’ the gentlemen
object, you can tak a bit draw o'the pipe.”—
i Punch.
A story is told of a person asking another
whether he would advise him to lend a certain
friend money. “What, lend him money? You
might give him an emetic, and he wouldn't
return it."
Egotism is simply vanity, making itself con
spicuous and so ridiculous. True worth is not
egotistic, though solid worth may be attended
with the weakness of vanity; the weakness, not
the worth, is responsible for the egotism.
Heine stood with his friend Alphoneo before
the cathedral at Rbeims. “Why," said Alphon
so, “cannot such structures be built now?"
"That,” replied the poet, “was built by an ag
of convictions; ours is an age of opinions."
Cotton Mather used to say there was a gentle
man mentioned in the 19th chapter of Acts to
whom he was more deeply indebted than almost
any other person,—and that was the town clerk
of Ephesus, whose counsel was to do nothing
rashly.
Every man thinks himself, in one respect,
more importance in the world than he is; but he
is of more importance in another respect than he
thinks himself. His influence and example tell
more than be generally supposes, often even upon
persons who seem but little to regard him.
“Weil, do -ou love me?” said an ugly and not
verv agreeable friend of the family to the pet
four year-old. “I know, but I can’t tell,” was the
answer. “But why not?” “Because? should be
whipped if I did,” was the frank answer of the
observing child, who had been taught by past
experience that it was not always sale to tell the
ruth.
Little Annie was very anxious do possess a
string of gold beads which belonged to her
grandmother, who did not consider it expedient
to give them to her. One day the child went and
stood at the old lady’s knee, and, after looking
alternately at her and the beads, said, with great
solemnity, “Grandma, I think if you were to die
I should be perfectly satisfied.”
Judge Cush once had a dog case, in which the
ownership of the canine was in dispute. The
evidence was conflicting, and the judge became
confused. “Stop!” said he; “stop right there.
We'll settle this’matter very shortly. You, Mr
Plaintiff, go into the far corner of the room out
there. You. Mr Defendant, come into this corner
up here. Now both of you whistle, and Mr
Clerk, let loose the dog.” So said, so done; bnt
the dog sprang between the legs of the bystand
ers and “scooted” out of the door. “Very ex
traordinary! veryextraordidary!” said the judge.
“I can’t understand that. Mr Clerk, on the
whole, as the plaintiff couldn’t prove his case
when I gave him a chance, you may enter judg
ment for the defendant.”
Economy in women is an essential domestic
virtue. Some women have a foolish lore of ex
pensive baubles; a taste which a very little care,
probably, in their early education might have
prevented. We are told that when a collection of
£Bs® was made for the celebrated Cuzzona, to
save her from absolute want, she immediately
laid out £2OO of the money in the purchase of a
shell-cap, which was then in fashion. Prudent
mothers will avoid showing any admiration of
pretty trinkets before their young daughters;
and they will oppose the ideas of utility and
durability to the mere caprice of fashion, which
creates a taste for beauty, as it were, by proclama
tion. “Such a thing is pretty, but it is of no use.
Such a thing is pretty, but it will soon wear out,”
a mother may say; and she should prove the
truth of her assertions to her pupils.
Special Notices.
Dr S. S Fitch of 714 Broadway, New York, will
be at the Massasoit House, bpringfield, Mass., on
Thursday, January 26,1871, and every second Thurs
day after. Dr Fitch treats successfully all chronic
diseases. Consultation free. j27lyw
Kak helor’* flair Dye D the bed in the world;
the oulv true and perfect Hair Dye; no ridiculous
tints, to disappointment, harmless, reliable, instan
taneous, black or brown; at all druggi ts. and 16
Bond snreet. New York. o 6 eod eowly
Disease** incident te Femalee.—Dr Dow
after an experience of twenty-eight years, stands at the
head of all physicians making such practice a special
ty, and is enabled to guarantee a speedy and perma
nent cxre in the most difficult cases of Suppression
and other Menstrual Derangements. All letters for
advice must contain sl. Office, No. 9 Endicott street,
Boston For those desiring to remain under treat
ment. Board is furnished. aul dawly
(Pne anb €ar..
Ww. GARDNER, M. D Office, 155 State
street. Office hours, 10 a. m to 1 p m. and 3
to 5 p. m. oloWawßm
gorses tilth (damages.
pARKIAGKS—EDSON CLARK, Mann
V/ facturer of tir*t* class an 1 latest styles of Double
and Single Carryalls. Rockaways, Cabriolets. Phae
tons. Light Open and Top Bagfries. Beach Wagons,
Basket Phaetons, Light Express Wagons, Ac. A
supply on bend. Ako, the best Shifting Carriage
Poie used. Manufactory one-half mile west of
Chicopee Junction, West Springfield. Po^t-Oflice
address, Chicopee, Mass. J 2 dawb
Newspapers anb Mlagapnes.
OTORK AND PLAY.—lnstruction with
amusement. The best, oheape-t, and moat pop
ular Magazine for the home. Only SI-00 per year.
The occupation, amu.-ements and instruction of the
whole family a specialty. New Games, Home Araust
monts, Instructivet-ketches, Drawing 1.e.-son£,«p)en
did Puzzles and beautiful oil Uhromos are proro’-nent
feature* in thts original Magazine Inquire for it at
the news rooms or-send ten oen*s to the Publishers
or a sample copy, with the most liberal list ever of
sered ^or clubbing with all the popular Macacinee.
splendid premiums and cash commissions offered to
Ulies who secure duis. MILTuN BRAD-LEY
CO., Publishers. Spring;fibld, Maps. o 6 3mw
®£CS.
REDUCTION OF PRICES
AX TO GO*.PORM TO
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
GREAT SAVING TO CONSUMERS)
BY GETTING UP CLUBS.
53T* (Send for our New Prk* Liat and a Club Form
will aoGcmpany it, containing full directions—making
a large saving to consumers aad remunerative to club
organizes.
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.,
31 and 33 Vksby Stbkbt,
P. O. Box *643. i23w New York.
Watches.
WATCHES
SPRINGFIELD WATCHES.
MADE BY THE
New York Watch Company
OF THIS CITY.
They are the “Ne Plus Ultra” Watches. For
sale by all dealers in Springfield, and throughout the
United States and Canadas.
Warranted to be good Time-Keepers, durable, and
better for the price tnau any foreign-made watch.
New York Office, No, 8 Maiden Lane. OQSaw
THE SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1871.
Boole and Shots.
JJETTKR AND CHEAPER
THAN ANY OTIIBR
BOOTS OR SHOES
Tho-e fastened with
CABLE SCEW WIRE.
BETTER--Because they are morn pHahlw, more
oomlor’able, are water proof, and are warranted not
to rip or gap*
CHEAPER--Because, while their coat te not In
vicos- of aewod or pegged work of a like crude, their
durability Is tar greater, they preserve their shape
much better, and the metallic fasten lag Mn sure® a
more equal wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The Immontie d<*man 1 having called forth imitations,
consumer* should be sure that every toot and shoe
b ar* the Patent Stamp.
Sold by Dealers everywhere. o 5 6tw

Cbucationol
NEW ENGLAND TELEGRAPH ACAD
EMY, 161 Tremont st., Boston, for young Men
and lan lea. No class system. For terms, Ao., send
for circulars. .®?L 4w _
JJR VAN NORMAN'S
ENGLISH, FRENCH AND GERMAN FAMILY
AND DAY SCHOOL
For Young Lidibs and Childbbn, 24 and 2C West
51st Street, New York, Wilt commence Its Fifteenth
Year, September 21, 1871. For full Information
send for catalogue. a«l7 3mw_
£1 ARTERS
COMMERCIAL COLLEGE
AND SCHOOL OF BUSINESS,
PiTTSKiBLD, Mass.
The Elevinth Annual Session will commence Sept.
18. Send for circular.
sßlßw E. F. CARTER, A. M Principal.
□rn ®oods.
gUREKA!
USE THE BEST 1
It is economy I
THE EUREKA MACHINE TWIST
Is the
FAVORITE SILK IN THE MARKET,
For the following reasons:
First. It Is warranted full length. Second. It Is
an honest size as indicated bv the letter on the spool.
Third. It is made of the very best stock, which In-
Bures a perfectly even strong thread, and for this
reason one half the trouble experienced In running
sewing machines will be avoided by using the
EUREKa bILK. For sale at retail by all trimming
stores, tand at who esale by all small*ware jobbers
and by the manufacturers,
SEAVEY, FOSTER BOWMAN,
42 Summer street, Boston.
The EUREKA BUTTON HOLE TWIST 10 yard
gnoo’s la much better and more convenient than any
other twist. TRY IC. jan27eow26t
Real (Estate.
TAE-TRABLEREAL EKTATEFc >R SALE
JU IN NORTH AMHERST.—A House, two stories
9 rooms, recently butlt, perfect repair: Barn with
cellar under it: near church, schools and post office;
5 rods front, over 1 acre of land, apples, peaches and
grapes. Also another lot if desired, adjoining, same
size, with new barn upon it. For terms, apply to
Real Estate and Com. Agency of J. S. C. ADAMS,
Amherst, Mass. W
E”oSS for BALE at a BARGAIN, a
FARM of 120 Acres, situate tn LOLLAND
CONN., within mi.eof Tolland village, mile
of Tolland Depot on New London Northern R. R..
Iheland i* suitably divided into mowing pasture,
and woodland Good Cottage House, painted white
and blinded: good barn< and sheds, well-painted ana
in perfect repair; good fruit orchard. Frice only
83000 For further particulars, address McFARL AND
FINLEY, Tolland, Conn.
WILL purchase a farm
in Tolland, Conn within 50 rod-t oi
Tolland Depot on ’he N L W. R. R., where there
is a Store and Post-office, School within mup.
>aid farm contains 56 acres of land sui ably divided
into mowing, pasture, tillage, and woodland; mow
ing dme bv machine, will keep 10 head of stock sum
mer and winter: large 2 story house in fair order and
good bam SIOOO can remain on mortgage.
For further particulars, address
026 3w M c EAR LAND |yiN LEY, Tolland, Conn.
T"ARGE FARM NEARNEW YORK —To
AJ let for a term of years, a Faim at Lloyd's Neck
on Long Island Sound, iu the town of Oyster Bay, N.
Y and within twenty-five miles of the city of New
York, li contains nearly nine hundred and fifty
acres, mostly supeiior land, about half in cultiva’ion
and half in timber, and can easily supply new York
with milk, vegetables, hay. Jamb? and poultry. Pos
session giv»nany time before the Id of Apri'. For
terms apply to E. H. DERBY, 46 Court st., Boston,
Mass., or to Dr R. H. DERBY, 111 E 25th st., city of
New York. M- Boyd, at Lloyd’s Neck, wilt show
the farm to visitors. oIS 6W4w
1?OR SALE, IN WILLINGTON, CT.-A
Farm co taining 106 acres, 40 acres of wood land,
I part good timb r, fruit of all kind?. House in fair or^
der two good Barns, size 35x45 and 25x35; cuts 25
i tons of hay. mowing most’y Gone by machine; with
in ri' mile of school, 1 ri' m'le of church, P 0., stores
and K. R. depot at Stafford Springs. The above prop
erty will be sold for S 3000; p«rt can remain on mort
gage. Parties wanting farms of any size and price
will find It for their intere-t to write us if they can
not give us a call. McFARLAND bIN I.Tol
land, Ct. sJL" _
FAKM FOR SALE IN COVENTRY, C’T.
—We offer for sale in Coventry, t., to tewlean
I estate, a splendid Farm of 80 acres, 20 acres of heavy
I wood Puts 40 tons first quality hay; mowing done
Iby machine. Land all level and smooth as a floor
Large brlek house in perfect repair, painted white
and blinded. Two good barns, wagon boost, wood
bouse, and all other outbuildings in complete repair,
within ten rods of two churches, ri toil" of school,
store, post-office etc This is one of the best farms in
uoland county, and must b J sold at once. Price
-MSOO. Address MoFaBLAND FINLEY,ToIIand,
Ct. o2i 4w
FARM FOR SALE at AUCTION, in
Tolland, Conn. The farm kmwnas the Hibbe
farm, situate on he main road midway between Tol
land and Stafford Springs will be sold to the highest
bidder, at 1 o’clock, p m.. Nov. 7, 1871. The tann
consist? of 160 acres, suitably divided Into pasturage,
til‘age and woodland, thirty or tbirty-five acres heavy
ttmoer, large one story house, painted red, in good
repair; two good barns, and cid^r mill efeo, con
necud with the farm, is a circular saw mill in perfect
repair, machinery pur in new last season. We ate
su e wr are safe in sating the surroundings and con
veniences are such that part'es coming to pureha-e
will finu the property better ihan they expected, bale
positive rain or shine.
ForJ arther particulars, cab on or address
026 2w MeKaRL AND FINLEY,ToIand, Conn.
OHEAP FARMS j FKifiE HUMKSI
On thefine of the
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
[A Land G-antjof
12,000,00« ACRES
Of tlie Best farming and Mineral Lands in
America.
3,(180,000 Acres as-Choice Firming »nd Grazing
Lands ou the line or the road, in the Mate of Ne
braska, bl th? Great Piatte Valley, now for sale for
caih or long credit.
These lands are In a mild and healthy oilmate,
and for grain Brewing and stock-ntaing, unsurpas.ed
by any in the United Slates.
Prices range front #2 to #lO per acre.
Homesteads for actual settlers. i
2 500,000 acres of gov- rnsnent land between Omaha
an North Platteoien forentn as Horea.iteads only
Soldiers of the late war are entitled to a Free
Homestead of 160 acres, within railroad talte, equal
to a direct boonty of #4OO.
Send for the new edition of descriptive pars pblet,
with new maps, mailed free everywhere.
Address O. FyDAVIS,
Land Commissioner U. P. R. R. Co.,
»2Sw3m Omaha, Neb
Omenta Wanted
4 A MON PH' Horse furnished. Ex
|„me«.,aid H SHA W, Alfred,Me oMSw
Chicago BUWERtI reads beau
TIFUL LIMP SHADES, 10 u-nu, everywhere
Agent* wanted. Mannf g Co., Bouton 027 4w
j A M» iNTH easily miule with
iind hey Check Dien. Circular and num-
Ffeftfw. S. M. S» xn< mji. Brattleboro, Vt. myU636w
W ANTED-Agents to sell the Pet Sewing
v Machine. Price 15. Ca l or a»ml 2 Hami* for
aMBp'LM of work. Addreu PET b. M. CO., 7 Trounont
row, 80-ton. 027 4w
VATAN TED- Uanvosaerx, both »#xe«, to ob
tain flub-criber?< for an lliu treed Premium Fam
ily Pap*r. Send for »peclmen? and induction* for
making #lO per day. J. LATHAM C0.,29j Wash
ington «t.. Borton, Mai*-. 4w
A DAY TO MALE and FEMALE
Agent* to introduce the BUCKEYE S2O
SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINES. Stitch alike on
both aide*, and Im the only LICENSED SHUTTLE
MACHINE void In the United States for leas than
1140 tojuse the celebrated Wilson fe?d. All others are
infringement*, and theHelljr and th ntier are liable to
prosecution and impriaonment. Outfit Fain.
Address W. A. HENDERSON A CO., Boston,
Mass. n 27 lyw
agents wanted for
ROMANISM AS IT IS.
This Book, of 7.50 pages. 105 engravings, is an
exhaustive standard work of the highlit authority,
eminently adapted to the time-t. It fully uncovers
the whole Romish system, exposes its banplo^ pre
tenses, its fraud*. Its persecutions, its gross immorali
ties, its opj>csltlon to our public schools, and civil and
rei’giouß liberty. CONN. PUBLISHING CO.,
HARTFORD, CONN.
^GENTG WANTED. EXTRA TERMS.
Book Agents have long wanted a novelty in the
subscription line which will sell at sight in evtry
family. The
PICTORIAL FAMILY REGISTER
is the only work extant which ‘atisfies this want. It
Is beautiful and striking, combining an entirely new
and elegant Family Phutotraph Album, with a com-
f dote Family History. Full particulars and circulars
ra-. Address GEORGE MACLEAN, Publisher,
522 13w 3 School street. Boston.
mwmy experienced agents
A WANTED to sell the most valuable religious
book of the age, SCIENCE AND THE BIBLE, by
the renowned Professor Morris. This work groups all
the great facts of science and shows their bearing
upon the word of God. The treasures of science are
laid at the feet of the divine Author and Inspirer of
the Bible. It is a book that has long been needed.
No question of the present day is regarded with
deeper or mor** serious interest on every hand than
the harmony of scientific discoveries and the teach
ings of the Bible. Endorsed by twenty college presi
dents and by clergymen of every denomination. Pub
lished in the same elegant style as our former works,
with beautiful full-page engravings. Experienced
agents, wishing choice of field in this section, will do
well to apply at once. A few intelligent men and wo
men who nave had no experience can have trial field
and full instructions by applying soon.
ZIEGLER McCUKDY,
014 dawly 274 (new No.) Main st.,Springfield, Ms.
miscellaneous.
XTTIVEGAR—how made—of Cider, Wine
v li* or Sorgo, in 10 hours. F. SaGE. Crom
well, Ct. au2s 3mw
BUILDERS and all who contemplate build
ing. supplied with descriptive circular of “Vil
lage Builder.” Addret A. J. BICKNELL CO.,
Publishers, 27 Warren st., N. Y. s2B Imd.ow
OLLAND MAXFIELD, Manufacturer
of and wholesale dealers in Basswood, Ash and
Butternut Chamber Suits. Also Common and Ex
tension Tables. Vergennes, Vermont. j2olyw
IFLES, SHOT-GUNS. REVOLVERS^
Gun Materials. Write for pricelist, to GREAT
WESTERN GUN WORKS, Pittsburg, Pa. Army
I Guns, Revolvers, etc,, bought or traded for. Agents
wanted. jy27 6mw
HAWKINS BURRALL, Civil and Me
chanical Engineers, and Builders of Howe's
i Patent Truss Bridges, and Roofti and Turn Tables of
I Wood; also of HenhePß Patent Truss and other
Bridges, Koof j and Turn Tables of Iron, corrugated
I Iron Doors, Shutters and general building material of
Iron, Piling, Docking, and Railroad Work generally,
Aarawam Rank building, Springfield. Mass, jl lydaw
TONIC FOK INEBRIATES,
A SURE CURE FOB INTEMPERANCE,
Is a vegetable powder to be mixed with water, will
remove all det ire for intoxicating drinks: cures de
lirium tremens in twelve hours, and is approved by
the Grand Lodge of Good Templars of Massachusett s
Send for evidence. Sold bv all druggists, or sent free
of expense on receipt of price, St p^r box.
Samuel c. knights.
sllSw Masonic Block, Camb ridge port, Mass.
Williams's Extract
Jamaica Cringci*
Cures Colds, Cholera-morbus,
Diarrhea and Indigestion. It
makes a
DELICIOUS DRINK.
Sold by all Druggists and Grocers. Wholesale
Agents, Geo. C. Goodwin Co., Boston, Geo. W.
Williams Co., Hartford. Ct.
PASHA AU’S
Al K. ABIA TV
COFFEE.
Oue pound Foil Packages 40 lb, Ciawca.
RETAIL PRICE, 30 CENT* A POUND.
CHEAP! HEALTHY!
ECONOMICAL! DELICIOUS! TKYIT.
GROCERS SEND FOR PRICE LIST JH
GEORGE S. ADAMS GO.,
No. 340 and 342 Washington street, New York,
s43modal2vr
Soap.
JJOLLAK BEWaBD SOAP
Washes without raMflni; removes Pitch, Tar, Paint,
Grease, Sweat and Leather Stains, &0., washes with
hot or cold, hard, soft or salt water; saves labor, time,
fuel, clothes, and money. Clothes washed with It
wear twice as lonr as if washed with common soap,
One pound of It will wash from ten to fifteen dozen
gleoes of ordinary family washing. It washes the
nest lace without injury, and renders all articles as
clear and bright as new.
THE DOLLAR REWARD SOAP!
Try It in the Bathroom; it leaves the skin cool, smooth
and soft. Use It to cleanse your marble ornaments,
mantels, door-steps, Ac., and brick walks ana alleys.
Use it with scouring brick in cleansing iron or steel;
It saves half the labor, and gives a better appearance.
It make* tin-ware shine Hke new. and has no eqna)
In cleansing glass or china. Dissolved in boiling
water, it makes the Met and cheapest soft soap in the
world.
CHARLES E. MOODY CO., Boston,
Sole Aobrts roa Nbw Ekolamd.
For Sale hv all Grocer.. «enS daw 3m
Bniliiing Materials.
QHINGLES AND SEASONED LUMBER.
*3 We offer the best brands of Pine and Cedar Shin
gles. ofwbtch we have a large stock now on band, alec
splendid assortment of seasoned Lumber cheap for
cash. We Invite everybody to call and examine oar
stock. CHABS, CUKBIEB A CO. Yard on Barnet
Lot. East Bridge st. au!4 daw
J^UMBEB YARD AND PLANING-MILL,
Chestnut and Liberty sts., North Side B. a A B. R.
DAY, JOBSON CHASE,
Dealers In all kinds of Seasoned Lumber, and Mann,
tacturers of Floorings, Clap-Boards, Moldings, Brack
ets, etc. Builders and carpenters will always find a
large stock to select from, and can have It dressed in
any form required. Lumber delivered on the oars for
parties out of town free of charge.
jelMaw PAY, JOBSON ACHASK, 1
filatljittCTg.
^■COND HAND MACHINERY.
ENGINES, BOILERS, PULLETS. SHAFTING,
HANGERS, BOLTS, STEAM PIPE, Etc., Etc.
AgenU lor Aetna Manufacturing Company’s
HOT PBKSBED AND MACHINE-EOBGED NUTB
Cub Paid for Scrap iron and Metals.
B. T. HAMMOND ECO.,
East Bridge street.
daw A few doors from Main.
glMical.
yEW ^GLANDCbNBERVATOBY OF
MUSIC,
BOSTON, MASS,
Employs tbc most eminent Instructors In the land
and offers unrivaled advantages for procuring a nu
steal education,
|AT LESS BATES OF TUITION THAN ANY
SIMILAR INSTITUTION.
Normal department fortraining teecMrs. Sltus
tiona procured for pupils duly qualified.
WINTER TERM OPENS NOVEMBER 23.
Circulars containing full Information mailed free
upon application to
F. TOfP.JEK, Director^
JJANDS EVERYWHERE
Are Invited to send their orders for
BRASS INSTRUMENTS
To J. C. HAYNES CO., whose large stock of Ex
i cel lent tn-truments,at moderate prices, turn tehee one
of the very beet opportunities for selection.
At thia celebrated Instrument store may also be pre
cured the beet
VIOLINS, GUITARS, FLUTINAB.->
ACCOBDEONS, FIFES, FLAGEOLETS.
PIANOS. AND MELODEONS
Fob Sata and to Lbt.
Band Mnatc. Sheet Music, Music Bocks, and all
kinds of Musical Merchandise.
JOHN C. HAYNES A CO., 33 Cenrt st.,
fJTMWFwIy Opposite the Court House. Boston.
finanrial.
TEN PER CENT investments on Illinois
farm security made by JOHN KUCK.WELL 230
j W. Randolph fit., Chicago. Ihe secarity of these in
vefetmentfi is indestructible and independent of poii
cies of insurance. My books and papers w«re saved
from the recent fire and my business is continued
without interruption. 027 30da5w
rjO INVESTORS, CAPITALISTS,
AND
SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS.
We have for aale Missouri and Kansas County,
City, Township and School District BONDS, pay
ag Eight (8) and
TEN PER CENT PER ANNUM.
Interest and principal payable in New York.
Address,
SAM E A. GAYLORD CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
1 aull 3mw St. Louis. Me.
^otTUe?
REDEMPTION OF 5-20 BONDS OF 1862.
Treasury Department, September 1,1871.
By virtue of the au<hority given by an Act of Con
gress approved July 14, 1870, entitled “An Act to
authorize the refunding of the national debt,’’ I here
by give notice that the principal and accrued Interest
of the bonds herein-belo* designated, known as Five
twenty Bonds, will be paid ar the Treasury of the
Ignited States, in the City of Washington, on or after
i the fiist day of December next, and that the interest
on said bonds will cease on that day. That is to say,
Coupon Bonds kiiown a« the tir-t series of Act of
February 25,1862, dated May 1,1862, numbered as fol
lows:
1 to 30,699, inclusive, of SSO each.
Ito 43.572 100
Ito 40 011 500 14
Ito 74,104 1000 44
And RegMer^d Bonds of the same Act
1 to 595, inclusive, of £SO each.
1 to 4103 44 100
1 to 1899 500 44
Ito 8906 1000
1 to 2665 44 5000
1 to 2906 44 10.000
The amount outstanding (pmbracpd in the numbers
as above) is one hundred million (S 100,000.000 dollars.
Coupon Bond? of the Act of February 25,1862, were
issued in four distinct series. Bonds ot the first series
(embracing those described above) do not bear t’e
series designation upon them, while those of the
second, third and fourth series are distinctly marked
on the face of the bonds
United States securities forwarded for redemption
should be addressed to the “Loan Division.’’ Secre
tary’s Office. J. F. HARTLEY,
s 4 lOMaeowSt Acting Secretary.
fHebical.
Saratoga water cukk.-a good
Christian home for visitors and invalids; vxj>e
riencPd medical advic«. Address N. and B. T. BE
DORTHA, for circular, Saratoga Spricgs New
I York. oIS 4w
CU RE FOR FEM ALE WEAK-
NESS.
The proprietor of this valuable Medicine, while
suffering from loss of health some years ago, r’ceived
an Indian Recipe, from which she prepared some for
tier own use, which re-ulted in a cure Many of her
friends have since used it with equally gra ifying suc
cess, and have urged her to introduce it to the pub ic.
She has consented, for the relief of suffering human
ity, to do so and feels confident it will prove one of
i the richest blessings to these who are suffering iY«m
PROLAPSUS UTERI, INFL AMMATION, ULCER
ATION, or GENERAL DEHU ITY. as it Is a speedy
and certain cure if taken according to directions.
ThiUsan INTERNAL REMEDY—«-nVrely vegeta
blo—will not injure the most delicate constitution.
i but is congenial to nature: as supporters are not
used under any considera ion. nor the application of
i caustic. It will eradicate all humors, which are one
cause, in many cases, of great suffering. Its reno-
vating effects an* most extraordinary, without a
i change in die*, as hundreds wiP testify. Two Bot’les
I will convince the most skeptical of its surprising
properties. By enclosing a three cents postage stamp-.
i 1 will send vou my circular. Prepared and sold by
Ura iA Nt S BEUTIER. Knudolph. Um.
Sold by G. C. Go »dwiu Co., eeks Potter, Bo—
I ton. C. P. Alden, Main street. Springfield, Ma-u and
।by all drugfists. Price SLOO per bottle. olo4Tu4w
WHITE PINE COMPOUND.
Cl KES MORE THROAT.
Poland’s White Pine Compound,
CURES COLDS.
Poland’s White Pine Compound,
CERES COUGHS.
Poland’s White Pine Compound,
CURES DIPHTHERIA. O
Poland’s White Pine Compound.
CCREN KPI TTINR OF STOOD.
Poland’s White Pine Compound.
CUREM Pl’l.yiONlC AFFECTIONS
GENERALLY.
Poland's White Pine Compound,
Cl REM RIDNEI OHeI.AIVTw.
‘•For health ccmes sparkling in the streams,
From cool Chocoraa stea ing;
Thtre’s iron in our Northern wind-;
Oar pints are trees of heabng.”
030 eow Ct Joa» G.
filed tea;.
^JANHOOD
ia TBS
YOUNG AND Rib ING GENERATION.
The vegetative powers of life aregstrong. bat in7_
few yean* how often the pallid hue. the lack-1 aster eye
and the emaciated form, and the impossibility of ap
plication to mental effort, show their baneful influ
ence. It soon becomes evident to the observer that
some depressing influence is checking the derelop
i went of the body. Consumption U tailed of, and
perhaps the youth is removed from school and seat
into the country. This is one oft r e worst movements.
Removed from ordinary diversions of the ever chang
ing scenes of th** city, the powers of the body, too
much enfeebled to give zest U healthful and rural
exercise, thoughts are turned twardly, upon them
selves.
If the patient be a female the approach *of the
menses is looked for with anxiety a* he first sjmp
tom in which nature Is to show her saving power in
diffusing the clrculatlcn and vbiting the cheek with
the bloom cf health. Alas! increase of appetite has
grown by what it fed on. The energies of the system
are prostrated, and the whole economy Is deranged.
The beautiful and wonderful period in which body
I and mind undergo so fascinating a change from child
to woman, is looked lor in vain. The parent’s heart
bleeds in anxiety, and fancies the grave but waiting
for its victim.
HELMBOLD’S
EXTRACT BUCHU
FOR WEASNBBP ARIPIN9 PROM XXCESSR? OR EARLY
IMDIBC'RrnOJI.
Attended with the fcEcwlng symptoms: Indisposition
to exertion, Lose cf Power, Loss of Memory, Difficulty
of Breathing, General Weakness, Horror of Disease,
Weak Nerves, Trembling, Dreadful Horror of Death,
Night Sweat*, Cold Feet.. Wakefulness, Dimness of
Vision, Languor, Universal Lassitude of the Muscular
j System, Often Enormous Appetite with Dyspeptic
Symptoms, Hot Bands, Flushing of the Body, Dry-
I ness of the Skin, Pallid Countenance and Eruptions
on the Face, Pain in the Back, Heaviness of the Eye-
lids, Frequently Black Spots Flying before the Eyes,
with Temporary Suffusion and Loes of Sight Want of
Attention, Great Mobility, Restlessness, with Horror
I of Society. Nothing is more desirable to such patients
i than Solitude, ana nothing they more dread, for fear
of themselves; no repose of manner, no earnestness,
no speculation, but a hurried transition from one
question to another.
THESE SYMPTOMS. IF ALLOWED TO GO ON—
WHICH THIS MEDICINE INVARIABLY RE
MOVES—SOON FOLLOW LOSS OF POWER,
FATUITY AND EPILEPTIC FITS, IN ONE OF
WHICH THE PATIENT MAY EXPLP-F.
During the Superintendence of Dr Wuob at the
j Bloomingdale Asylum, thl? sad result occurred to two
patients. Reason had for a time left them, and both
j died of epilepsy. They were of both sexes, and about
wenty years of age.
Who can say that these excesses are not frequently
followed by those direful disease?, Insanity and Con
sumption T The records of the Insane Asylums, and
the melancholy deaths by Consumption, bear ample
witness to the truth of these assertions. In Lunatic
Asylums the most melancholy exhibition appears.
The countenance is actually sodden and quite des
itute; neither mirth nor grief ever visits it. Sh old
a sound of a voice occur it is rarely articulate.
14 With woful measures wan despair
Low sullen sounds their grief beguiled.’’
While we regret the existence of the above diseases
and symptoms, we are prepared to offer an Invaluable
gift of chemistry for the removal of the consequences.
HELM B O L
FLUID E.STBACT OF BUCHU.
There Is no tonic like it. It is an anchor Jof hope to
the physician and patient. This is the testimony of
all who have used or prescribed it.
Beware of counterfeits and those cheap decoctions
called Buchu, most cf which are prepared by self
styled doctors, from deleterious Ingredients, and of
fered for sale at “lees price" and ••larger bottles,’’ etc.
They are unreliable and frequently injurious Ask for
Helmbold's. Take no other.
Price $1.25 per bottle, cr six for 56.50.
Delivered to ary addresa-EDeecribe symptoms In
all communications.
HELMBOLD'S |GENUINE PREPARATIONS.
Established upward cf twenty years. Prepared by
H. T HELMBOLD,
Practiißl and Ana ytical Chemist, No. 5b4 Broadway
New Ycrk,and 104 South Tenth street. Philadelphia,
Pa.
SOLD BY DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE.
Ttawd eowly
7