■u.n n l'bkss.
_._._
TUESDAY, NOVEMEK 7, 1871.
CITY AND VICINITY
Adrertiiemcnli To-Day.
entertainment column.
Mmie Hall....Tableaux ol Erin,
Assembly.... Lancasj II Hall.
Festival... .Thursday Evening,
Assembly.... A. H. Gee.
AUCTION COLUMN.
Furniture-F. O. Bailey Co.
Assignee’s Sale.... F. O. Bailey Co.
SPECIAL. NOTICE COLUMN,
Clothing ...J F. Sisk.
blocks tor Sale... KM Pay son.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Hall to Let.*...Geo. R. Davis Co.
House for Sale....Win Kilby.
Corns Extracted by Dr L wis.
Imported Wines. ...H. Peyret
M. C. M. A_Geo A. Harmon.
House Wanted.
Schooner lor Ellsworth.
Importe:^-U. Peyrtt Co.
United Siuuia Circuii Court
JUDGE FOX PRESIDING.
MONDAY.—Thomas M. Giveeu, assignee in equity,
vs. Joseph Smith, 4th. Bill as amended sustained
with costs since the amendment.
Uiveen Putnam. E. B. Smith.
SylvinaJ. Allen, iu equity, vs. Nathaniel Morse.
Dill <1 ismi*******' with costs.
J. H. ter. A. K. P. Knowlton.
TUe oj> ,11, iu both cases weie given by J udgo
Fox. _
V. M. District Court.
JUDGE FOX, PRESIDING.
Mond/ y.—Cyrus Noyes, pot., vs Thomas H. Has
kell, ass'/noc of Ralph Kelley, baukrupt. Ibis was
a petltic a that an amount due on a moitgage given
by Kell iy to petitioner w ithin lour months of Kel
ley’s b mkruptcy may be allowed aud paid by the as
signee out of tho estate of tbe bankrupt.
A. A, Strout. T. H. Haskell,pro se.
Merrill Noyes, pet’r. vs. same. Petition that the
gum ot $775 upon a similar moitgage. may be allow
ed and paid In the same manner as above.
Howard Cleaves. Haskell,pro se.
(Supreme Judicial S'ourl.
BEFORE JUDGE TAPLEY.
Monday.—Susan H. Cook vs. William Cook. Li
bel for divorce. Divorce decreed and custody ol mi
nor children given to libellant. IIowan 1 cleaves
lor libellant; no appearance lor libelleo.
municipal Conn.
JUDGE MOUltlS PEESID’NG.
Monday.—Fisher A. Bettes vs. Myer P. Ayer.
Astunipsll to recover balance due on account lor
p jilting. $0.39. Deleave, contract, work not satis,
lactory. Judgment lor amount claimed.
Cobb Ray. McCobb Kingshuiy.
Ken' entries, 17; defaults, 20; continued, 4.
Uriel Joltings.
An adjourned meeting of the High School
Alumui Association will be held this evening
at the Common Couucil Room. There should
bo a large attendance of graduates.
Hon. R. F. Trevelliek, President of the Na
tional Labor Union will speak to the mechan
ics and workingmen ot Poitlaud at the Me
chanics’ Library Room this evening at 7 1-2
o’clock.
Liquors were seized Saturday night at Ar
chibald Stuart’s, Oarham Corner.
Mr. Charles P. Ingraham had the upper
third of his rightthigh broken by beiog thrown
from his carriage while turning into Tobin’s
Slate street below Danforth. The accident
was caused by a defect in the highway.
The receipts into the treasury of the Maine
Missionary Society, for the month of October
were $1,3£4 66.
A crazy fellow named O’Connell, mounted
to the top of the P. S. P. railroad depot yes
terday afternoon. As his position was haz
ardous, officer Burnham, afler a sharp rtrug
gle, secured him aud took him to the lockup.
Rev. Asa Dalton will commence a series of
lectures upon the Corinthiaus, at St. Stephen’s
church this evening, to be continued on suc
cessive Tuesday evenings during the winter.
Mr. Stuart A. Strout has not, as some have
supposed, retired from the post of office editor
cf the Riverside Echo, but still continues his
supeivision of the make up of this excellent
weekly.
Rev. W. II. H. Murray repacts his new sa
tire ou ‘‘Deacons” at Biddeford to-morrow
evening, and Chicago sufferers are to share in
the net proceeds of the aforesaid castigatiOD.
The purp e clouds that lay for hours along
the western horizon yesteiday were wonderful
ly like mountain ranges and wo heard two
gentlemen almost in a dispute as to what one
was sure was Cornish liiils. We seldom have
seen more picturesque deceits.
The Allan mail-, steamship Caspian passed
Father Point yesterday at 2 30 p. in., with 40
cabin and 234 steerage passengers.
At the Plymauth church Suuday two per
sons were admitted by prolession and two by
letter.
The German Ke’ief Association, at tbeir
monthly meeting last evening, passed resolu
tions expressive of their feelings nl the loss of
their esteemed fellow-countryman, Dr. C. F.
Pudor, and sympathizing lor his family iu
tlieir bereavement.
A pocket-book containing valuable papers
and a sum of money awaits an owner at the
police office.
A sale-key was picked up in the street yester
day and is at the Pkess counting room.
Oily Affairs.
The regular monthly meeting of the Board
of Mayor and Aldermen was held last evening.
Tbs resignation of Frederick Fox, one of the
Trustees of Evergreen Cemetery, was received
and accepted. In presenting the paper the
Mayor paid Mr. Fox a handsome complimeut
for his disinterestedness in the fulfillment of
his duties; and subsequently nominated James
Bailev to fill the vacancy; and the nomination
was confirmed.
The petitions of F. A. Smith and T. A. Bow
en, for compensation for damage to goods by
reason of grease thrown by the engines at the
recent fire ou tbeir premises. Relerred to the
Committee on Fire Department.
Notice was received from the Overseers ol
the Poor, that Ilus C. Fayban, an insane pau
per, is detained at the Almshouse. The proper
papers for bis commitment to the Insane Asy
lum were prepared.
The Committee to whom was referred the
claim of J. E. Donnell and Daniel F. Emery
(400 per annum for the use of the wood stand
on Pearl street for two years) reported that
they considered the demand too large, and the
claimants refused any reference of it; and ask
ed to be discharged. The Committee was dis
charged.
The salary of tho Building Loan Commis
sioners for the current year was fixed at $200
each.
The Committee on New Streets reported the
location ol a new street, fifty feet wide, from
Deeriog to Cumberland street, with no laud
damages, was accepted, and said street was al
lowed and established.
The special Committee to whom was refer
icd the petition ol the Portland and Ogdens
burg Railroad Company, that they may ho per
mitted to allow the rightof laying a track on
Commercial street, granted them by the order
of October 10, A. D. 1870, lobe used and im
proved by any other railroad company, etc.,
having considered the same, and recommend
the passage of the accompanying orde-.
Behj. KxsasBuay, Jr., Chairman.
Offered—That in consideration of the dis
continuance of the P. aud O. R. It. track over
the J'oruana eras tro. s lamis, me o layer 01 me
petitioners he granted, and the order ot Octo
ber 10,1870, be hereby confirmed to said P. and
K. K. Oo., and to tbe Boston and Maine
Railroad Co., it said P. O. R. R. Co. £hall so
agree with the B. M. R. R. Co. for the use
and improvement of said right of way provid
ed that the rails and track be laid down agres
ably to the directions of the Mayor and Aider
men, and upon such conditions as shall be pre
scribed by them, and that such tracks and rails
shall not be so laid as unreasonably to interfere
with access to any wharf by rati or otherwise,
except by agreement with the owner of each
wharf so interfered with; aud provided that
the right hereby extended to said P. O. R.
It. Co. to allow said Boston Maine R. R. Co.
the use and improvement of said right ot way
shall he limited at its eastern termiuus to the
junction of Commercial and Union streets;and
provided that the aluresaid rights shall cease
whenever a marginal street is buiit and its op
eration is authoriz'd as set out iu the petition
of the Portland Ogdensburg Railroad Com
pany referred to iu tbe order of October 10,
1870; and provided further that tbe Boston and
Maine Railroad, Co., if desirous of using this
track hereby authorized, shall bo allowed to
use tbe same upon such terms as may be agreed
upon by the parties. In case of disagreement,
if the parties cauoot agree on three impartial
persons to settle such terms and regulations,
such persons shall be selected by the Mayor
a id Aldermen of the City of Portland for the
time being; and the award and decision of the
majority ot the same so selected shall be con
clusive upon the rights of the parties for Ihe
term often years, and shall continue to he ob
ligatory therealter until a new board of referees
shall be selected to determine tbe same by the
Mayor and Aldermen upon the written appli
cation of either party.
Mr. Chas. E Barrett, in behalf of the Grand
Trunk Railway Co., said that corporation had
bad no notice of the proposed action and asked
for delay, that notice may he given. He refer
red to tbe conditions under which Commercial
street was built, and said (hat if the Portland
and Ogdensburg road had the privilege of
building a passenger station on Richardson’s
Wharf it would destroy the Grand Trunk fran
chise. Their rights ought to he protected.
Mr. Francis Chase, Superintendent of the
Portland, Saco and Portsmouth Railroad Co.,
pleaded want of notice to that corporation and
asked delay.
Mr. Bauett, continuing the discussion, said
that the cars of the P. O. road had been
drawn over Commercial street ever since the
road was opened and no odo had approached
the Grand Trunk Company with any applica
tion for permission.
Gen. Anderson, President of the P. O
road—Who does the mouey go to that we pa;
k lor the cars hauled.
Karrett—I don t know. Tbe cara are Laul
by the P, S. P- B. B. Co.
Anderson-Don’t you know that we hav
paid *1 50 per car every time one goes over tie
BtiJarie»—1*0. lf it las been paid it has gom
into the treasury of tbe P. S. P. road. He
denied that they had any notice of’ tbe order
ot October, 10,1870, eujpotvt ring the P. O.
r ad lo lev a track on Commercial stieet. He
staled that u certain portion of tbe street was
built by the At. St. Law. K. It. Go. at au
expense of about §130,000, and it bad a perpet
ual right of way.
Gen. Audersuu stated, on tiie authority, ot
his employees, that the P. O. corporation
had paid §1.50 for each car to go down to the
steamers and unload, aud §1 50 more ior the
car to leturn loaded with freight ior the coun
try; and this in addition to what it cost to get
by the Maine Central. If we can make an ar
rangement with tbe Grand Trunk it is when
we go with souieihiug in our bauds. II we go
erupty-bauded wo are referred to same far oil,
unapproachable authority. 1 believe that Mr.
Brydges is disposed to treat all Portland inter
ests liberally. We should ho glad to arrange
with tlio P. S. P. They can without incon
venience, if they willpand relieve Commercial
street ol tiie embarrassment of another track.
Will they? I don’t believe they will unless
we have the power to enforce it—unless we
make it for their interest to do so. We ask for
reasonable rights—not in fee—hut the right of
way in aud out ol the city. If they will accord
to us these rights we shall be relieved of the
expense of the track and tbe city of inconveu
ieucc. The jest of our ofleud'ng is that we
cross llie track of tbe Grand Trunk. I don’t
believe Mr. Brydges will object. We don’t
propose to interfere with them, but ask a tithe
of the rights which they claim to hold to the
exclnsiou of all other corpotations. I believe
Mr. Barrett speaks more iu the interest of the
P. S. P., in which he is a director, aud
which is owned and run by tbe Eastern road.
Mr. Barrett admitted that he was a director
in that corporation, but denied that it was
owned or run by the Eastern road; but after
wards modified his statemeut, on being pressed
by Gen. Anderson aud admitted the lea:o of
tbe P. S. P. road. He claimed that Mr.
Btydges ought to have the opponuuity of ob
jecting to the order if he choose.
Mayor Kingsbury explained the provisions
of tire order of October 10, 1870, to grant tbe
P. O. the right to run through Commercial
street to the Graud Trunk depot, subject only
to the decision of the Mayor aud Aldermen as
to which side of the Grand Trunk track it
should run. All the P. O. Corporation ask
is that their privileges may be extended to the
Boston and Maine road as far as ITniou street.
He went on at considerable length to present
the importance and value of the P. O. road
to Portland.
Aid. McCarthy did’nt endorse Mayor Kings
I bnry’s logio, that the city owned the P. O.
road. Ho was atraid that tho road owned the
city, or would through some subsequent com
bination. He thought a delay should be grant
ed.
The order was passed by 4 to 3, as follows:—
Yeas—Merrill, Simontou, Corey, Wiuship.—
.nays—e>euter, Mcuartny, uviug.
Permission was given to \V. H. Fessenden
to remove a wooden building from Market St.
to the corner of Center and Commercial streets;
also to the contractor on the Marginal Way to
cut through Washington street, and bridge it
over, he to he responsible for ail accidents.
The report of the Committee to whom was
referred the subject matter of the Cumberland
Air Power Co. was submitted by Aid. Senter.
It gives to the Company all the rights of the
city to the tidal way at Tukey’s bridge for
thirty years; tho power to be used only for
compressing air, and to be operated under the
conditions of the Harbor Commissioners; to Oe
entered on within five years; and all obstruc
tions to the way to be removed when the privi
lege is abandoned.
Tho report was recommitted with instruc
tions to the City Solicitor to draw a lease of the
premises for thirty years.
The Committee on Streets, on petitions that
Fore street, between Pearl and Market, he
straightened; that a grade be established for
Pearl street below Fore; and for a sidewalk on
the southern side of Commercial street—report
ed tiiat these measures were inexpedient this
year.
Leave to withdraw was granted on petition
of Amanda C. Hazeltine for compensation for
damages by reason of the change of grade of
Portland street; same on petition of John Mc
Allister for license to keep a dance hall in
Stafford b!tck.
The following resolution was unanimously
pasted:
Resolved, That the thanks of the City Coun
cil are due to Frederick Fox, Esq lor tho
faithful and impartial manner in which he has
performed the duties of a Trustee of Evergreen
Cemetery.
Orders passed—Authorizing a loan of $.5000
to he applied to the contingent fund, and $500
lor the appropriation for public buildings; psy
ing Deborah T. Luut $50 for personal injuiies
received by reason cf a defect o i Congress
street; directing the removal of buildiugj and
debris from the city lot on Market street, with
in two weeks; directing the City Marshal to
enforce the ordinance forbidding trains to be
run on Commercial street taster thau six miles
per hour; directing Vaughan’s bridge to be re
paired and made sale for public travel; author
izing the construction of sewers in C>irio!l and
Thomas streets and in Anderson street; au
thorizing a sidewalk on the east side of Deer
street.
Petitions Presented and Referred—Of Benj.
Adams, for permission to enlarge his building
on tho corner of Federal and Exchange streets;
of certain citizens, that the name of Center
street may bo changed to Weymouth street
and of Weymouth street to Ingraham street;
of J. Dow Sons et als., for agate and
watchman at the crossing of the Portland
Kennebec Bailrcad on Congress street of J.
II raf .alia la rv 1 I _ I L
at its junction wil4i High may be widened and
straighteued; of Mary P. Swett, lor corapsn
sation for damages occasioned by the sewer on
Green street; of E. W. \Voreeslor, for permis
sion to erect a wooden building lear of No. 112
Spring street.
Death of Jonathan Morgan.—The public
were not greatly startled yesterday at hearing
of the sudden but yet Dot wholly unexpected
death of the worthy and honorable Squire Mor
gan, as he was respectfully called by all eur
citizens. Mr. Morgan occupied a room in the
old Advertiser building on Cross street by the
favor of Hon. F. O. J. Smith, who offered him
the place, and he was last seen alive on Satur
day.
Mr. C. H. Blake, whose workshop is near by,
not having seen the old man tor soveral days
and noticing that his clothes which had been
returned by his washerwoman remained un
disturbed, became suspicious and yesterday
morning one of his workmen looked into the
window and saw Mr. Morgan lying in bed.—
Sometime afterwards he looked again and see
ing he had not moved.be with Mr. Blake went
in and found him dead.
Mr. Morgan was in the habit of calling upon
his friends in the evening and staying out
somewhat late for one so aged. He is suppes
ed to have returned to his lodgings at a late
hour cold and weary, and without stopping to
make a fire he retired to bed, and his vitality
being so low it is thought that he died from
exhaustion and without pain. Mr. Morgan
was horn in Brownfield, Mass., March 4th,
1778, and was consequently ninety-three years
and eight months of age. He graduated at
Union College, Schenectady, N. Y., in 1803.
He came to Maine in 1812, removing to Aina,
Lincoln county, and from thence to this city
in 1820, and he has for hall a century and more
resided here. Though studying and praticing
the profession of the law, he has always de
voted muoli time to literature and scieuce.and
practical experiments in motive power aud
mechanical agencies in general. He always
claimed to have been the original inventor ol
ths application of steam as a motor, as in 1814
fce built a steamboat with a stern paddle wheel
and the next year improved it so that it run to
Brunswick at a rate ol four miles au hour. In
1818 ho commenced another boat, but his
scheme proved a lailure like most of his enter
prises—perhaps more from want of a true Yan
kee pluck and sticktoitiveness, than from auy
want of merit.
Id 1831 lie commenced the preparation of
glue but allowed himself to be driven out of
that business by a rich manufacturer ol Massa
chusetts. He then invented a coffee mill and
a cyliudar stove, and both were abandonstl
soon after as financial failures. Perpetual mo
tion was a study lor him in which he sunk
some money. He had a good understanding
of law and was successful in the collection of
debts, but his mind was always absorbed in
devcrsified projects.
Squire Morgan was a good scholar, and his
translation of the New Testament, published
by Mr. S. H. Coleswortliy, some years ago.aud
his English grammar were meiitorious works.
He wrote much on scientific subjects, but his
manuscripts were destroyed in the great fire of
18G'j. He considered the Newtonian system
oi philosophy nusonud, and wrote a large vol
ume in exposition of the errors of that system,
and at his advanced age lately applied for the
use ol Reception Hall for a lecture that he
might point oat the fallacies of Newten.
Mr. Morgan was au ancient Free Mason, and
a life long Uuiversalist, and he was clerk of
the First Universalist Society for many years.
After the great fire, to compensate him lor his
loss in part, the Relief Committee placed a
sum in the bank to his credit upon the condi
tion that he should only draw a certain amount
weekly, large enough for his support, but lie
indignantly declined the money on that condi
tion, and we heard him make au argument full
of manly independence refusing the award un
less it could be unconditional. Tue commit
tee feared that the money would otherwise b
squandered in unsuccessful experiments, and
the money lays in bank undrawn.
His intellectual and physical powers were
both preserved ia a remarkable manner to tbo
last, and he could be seen at a late hour of the
night upon the streets, feeble and bent in body
but clear in mind. Squire Morgan was au
houe*t honorable man, and his hearty devotion
to the principles of the Republican party were
refreshing and inspiring in oneoi so advanced
au age. Few forma could bo missed more tbau
bis, as his profile uow preserved in so many
places, gavo a striking illustration of his stoop
ing iortn envelope 1 in his long flowing cloak,
so familiar to all our citizens by whom he was
always respected.
Public Installation. —There will be a pub
lic Installation of tlia Officers of Casco Lodge,
at Union Hall, Yarmouth Wednesday tve
Liug, 8th instant, commencing at 7 o’clock.
Immediately after the service the members
i Wl11 marcl* fo the Town Hall, accompanied liy
the k armouth Brass Baud, where they are tfl
i have a supper provided by the ladies,
1>< airiK liVi- Fire.
At 3 o’clock yesterday afternoon fire broke
out iu tbe Casco Brewery, ou Fore street, op
posite the Portland C nnpany’s Works, a large
wooden building with wings running back
more tkau a hundred feet iu ihe rear. The en
gines were ou the ground as soon as possible,
but it was a long timo before streams were got
on the llames, owing to tho incaoacityol the
bydrauts or tbe lack of water. The result was
that the main building, containing machinery,
kilns, vats, a laige qu mtity of grain and malt,
and a 1st of beer in the cellar was destroyed;
also a considerable length of the principal
wiug,which contained grain aud other material.
Tbe Hre originated in a kiln in tho wing wheie
porter malt was being made. The building
was owned aud operated by Messrs. P. J.
McGliuoby, who estimate their loss at $25,000.
There was, so far as we could learu $32,000 in
surance on the property, ie the offices of Hol
lins Adams, J. W. Muuger Sou, Dow
Palmer, L. S. Tvvombly aud J. E. Jeueks, di
vided arnoDg the following companies: Frauk
lin, Philadelphia, £3000; National, Hangor,
$3000; Natioual, Worcester, £3000; Narragan
sett, Providence, $2500; Union, San Francisco,
$2500; Amazon, Cincinuati, $2000; North Brit
ish, Edinghurg, $5000; Queen, Liverpool, $5000;
Lycoming, Muncy, Pa., $;S000; Triumph, Cin
cinnati, aud Union, Baltimore, £1500 each.—
The office of the Portland Company, a wooden
building opposite, was saved by tho workmen
with buckets.
The Hutchixsox Coxcekx.—The third en
tertainment iu the Peoplt’s Course, consisting
of a conceit by the well known Hutchinson
family, “Tribe ot Asa,” was given at City Hall
last eveuing. A large and appreciative audi
ence was present, and it maybe safely said
that the concert was one of tho most success
ful iu every point of virw, which has been
giveu iu this city lor a long time. The famil
iar songs of the past and presont, those which
are appreciated so well by the great mass of
the people, were rendered in a charming man
ner, elieiti'ug the heartiest demoustratiops of
applause. As a whole, tbe eutertaiuruent was
perfoetly satisfactory to tbe large audieuce in
attendance, and came fully up to the promises
which were made for the People’s Course. The
next entertainment will be on Monnav even
ing, Nov. iOth,aud will consist oi a concert l>y
the celebrated Temple Quartette of Boston,
assisted by Miss Isabel Stone.
A Snake Stout.—Scarborough has been
denounced by ardent radicals iu hot campaigns
as the municipality that had displayed a re
markable multitude, of venomous reptiles, but
the most cicdulous are hardly prepared to be
lieve the following suake story, were it uot
vouched by a gentleman whose excellent rep
utation is established throughout the country.
Saturday, on the farm of Mr. Millikea, in
Scarborough, as a party was ploughing, a den
of snakes was discovered, and being in a par
tially stupefied state, the men were able to
couot them, and just seven humlred and fifty
five snakes—Dot one more nor one less—weie
couutad. These were of three varieties, b'ack,
striped and re.l. A wag intimates tl-at eels
were plenty in the Portland market yesterday
morning.
Saccabappa.—Messrs. Brown Denison,
formerly of Varmouih, have leased a mill of
Lisk Weston, on the Pitch privilege, and
are fitting it up for the manufacture of wood
puip.
Dr. R. P. Jonness has disposed of bis resi
dence to Dr. R. E. Sylvester and semoved to
Portland.
The well known corn an! flour firm of S. T.
Raymond Co. has been dissolved. Negotia
tions are Dow going on for tho mill lately occu
pied by them, by Boston parties who propose
to use it for a paper mill.
The family of St. Pierre, the section hand
who was killed on the Portland and Ogdens
burg railroad, Saturday evening, reside here.
The remains were placed in a neat cotfiu by
the officers of the road and to-day were to be
sent to Canada for burial.
The Tableaux of EriD, despite attractions in
other directions, called out a good audience
wbo seemed highly gratified iu witnessing a
panorama of Irelaod if their demonstrations
are a proof. The songs of Mr. and Mrs. Bren
nan abounded in the peculiarities of that land
of song aud poetry. The entertainment will
continue to night in Music Halt. See adver
tisement elsewhere.
Liberal Response.—An appeal was made
to the members of tbe Slate Street Sunday
Se'uool last Sabbath, for aid to the Mission
School ot Mr. D. C. Moody at Chicago, yvhielr
lost every thing at the file. This anneal was
promptly met by the State" street pupils, anti
the handsome sum of eighty dollars was col
lected, which amount will be further increased
by the gifts of some who were not present on
that day.
I. 0. O. F.—The new (unnamed as yet) Lodge
of Odd Fellows has its first meeting this eve
ning lor the purpose of organization, election
and installation of officers. It is composed of
sixteen members from each of the other three
lodges and while they are especially interested
to be present, still the hall is open to all Odd
Fellows.
Goeham Seminary.—The examination of
the pupils of this institution will take place on
Thursday next. There will be a levee in the
evening at the parlors of the Seminary. Pa
rents of pupils and friends of the institution
are invited to attend.
Hon. R. F. Tuavellich, President of the
National Labor Union will sptak to the work
ing men of Portland this, Tuesday evening at
half past seven o'clock, at the Mechanics Li
brary Room. He is said to be an eloquent
speaker.
Jo the Editor of the Press:
We paid a visit to tbe CentralLodge of Good
Templars at Cape Elizabeth,Saturday evening
This Lodge was organized a lew weeks ago by
Bro. Rich and others. It bids lair to be in a
flourishing condition soon, but is working
against {considerable opposition and needs
much assistance from neighboring Lodges.
The following officers will lie installed next
Saturday evening:—W. C. T., Milton Dyer;
W. V. T., Marietta Hannal'ord; W. S., Frauk
H. Jordan; W. F. S„ Alvah PolaDd; W. T.
Thomas Dyer. We trust some of tbe btotbers
and sisters in Portland will make an efioit to
attend tbis lodge next Saturday evening.
Goon Temi-lab.
yilKCDiJ.AATODS NOTICES.
Found—A wallet.—Call at Horse Railroad
office.
Dr. Leland was unable to visit his Insti
tute in this city on Tuesday last, and thus dis
appointed many who y^shed to consult him.—
He can now be found at his rooms in Caboon
Block, corner Myrtle and Con -reps streets, un
til 5 o’clock this P. M. The Dr. is having great
success in the treatment of all Chronic dis
eases.
Bishop J. P. Campbell ot the First Episeo
pul district of the A. M. IS. clioreh will preacu
this evening at the Mountford Street A. M. E.
church at 7 1-2 o’clock. A geueral invitation
is extended to all.
M. L. A —The Lecture Wednesday eveuiog
hy Kcv. C. G. Arnes of California will, prol a
blv, be one of the best of this very excellent
csurse. Mr. Ames is a stranger to a Portland
audience, but is spoken of hy the press of
other cities as one of the greatest oratois in the
country. Those wishing to enjoy a rich feast
will do well to attend this lecture.
The unprecedented success which last winter
met our introduction of Felt Corsets has led us
to purchase a large and completely assorted
stock for this season’s trade, which we shall
sell at tha very low price ol 8.5 cents a pair.
All who have worn them say they are the
warmest, most healthy and best fitting corset
made, and we are sure they are the cheapest.
Only 85 cents. Cogia Uabsan.
Nov. 13—3t _
Best stock o( Boy’s Clothing in the city is
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle ctreet. Come
early and avoid the rush Saturday evening.
House Blankets—Robbs and all other ar
ticles used about a llorse and Carriage can be
bought very cheap at the Baziar 14 and 10
Exchange St. nov4 36
A Labor variety of ladies’ Beaver Sacques
lor $2.00, $2.75, $3.00 aud $4.00.
Cogia Hass an,
Nov. 13 —2t _121) Middle street.
U. S. Army flannel under shirts 75 cents.
Cogia Ha«san,
Nov. 13—3t 129 Middle street.
It is said that if a puli' of air were to be
blown into a vem of auaoirnal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
be stoppeJ. The blood makes the eutire cir
cuit of the human body every seven miDUtos
anl whenever this circulation is impeded oi
any of its channels aie clogged by impurities
which ought to be carried off, disease follows—
fever ora disease of liver or kidosys,or scrofula
or dvspepsia. To get at and remove the sourct
of the difficulty use the old and itifallibk
blood purifier, Du. Walker’s California
Vinegar Bitters.__ ocU8ib-4iV
The Halford Leicestershire Table Sauce
highly recommended for family use.
Get Briggs’ Corn aud Bunion Remedici
Briggs’ Pile Remedies are a success.
Briggs’Allavantor cures Catarrh.
I Tux Briggs’ Throat aud Luug Healey.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE DAILY PRESS,
MAINE.
Siupoiluiil if True.
Belfast, Nov. G.—The coldness of the weath
er this time of year is unprecedented iu east
ern Maine Boys are skating upon pouds in
this vicinity.
SOUTH CAKOMNA.
The 'Extent of the Ku Klux
Ourtayes.
WHY THE LEADER! FLED.
Washington, Nov. G.— Senator Scott has re
coved a letter dated ‘‘Yorkville, S. 0., Oct.
29th,” in which it is stated tint Avery Tom
linson and Bratton, who proved to be members
of a Ku Klux orgau’z.itiou, with twenty or
thirty others 11-d eveu before a huger was
raised or a proclamation issued. About 1G0
sui rendered aud confessed. All are kuowu,
ami the less guilty are parolted for want of
means to keep them in charge. The evidence
is piling in so last that lime fails to do more
tbau pile it away until there is an opportunity
to examine it. The evidence is overwhelming
ly confirmatory of tne tacts relative to the par
ties concerned in a*large number of whippings
and in the hanging of Williams, iu which
Brattou was leader and Avery an accessory
before the fact, of he murder of Anderson
Btown, iu which Tomlinson Wi>s concerned,
the murder of Leet and that of ltomidree, and
aetoui-hing as it may seem, eveu the facts and
details of live murders which the writer, with
all his knowledge of Ku Klux outrages, did not
suspect had beeu com milled. “We have iu
M i, 11c payF', sjuio unuy iu~u nuu
been concerned iu various murders, most of
them having made a clean breast of it, and
showed that they were all committed by order
of the Grand Chief, Avery.”
WASKIINKTO’V.
A Warning lo L>eliuqiicu(ti.
Washington, Nov. 6.—Owing to recent
defalcations strict inquiry is being made iu
several quarters, concerning certain disburs
ing officers whose honesty is for good reasons
suspected.
Kentucky War Ckiuu.
Several days ago Judge Coiey presented to
the United States Supreme Court a petition
fora mandamus to compel, the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue warrants for $25 259, the
amount alleged due oh account of the war
claims ol Kentucky. The Court grauted leave
for the State to file a mandamus aud the mo
tion for rule to show cause will be argued on
the 17 ih.
Pen*ion«.
The Pension Bureau issued 6(77 pension cer
tificates last week, of which 361 were to survi
vors aud widows of the War of 1812.
Supreme Cain't Dcckioua.
Howard Iusurauce Company vs. Norwich
aud Now York Transportation Company. Er
ror to Circuit Court for Connecticut. The city
of No< wich steamboat insured by the plaintiff
in error collided with a schooner iu sncli a
manner as to cause her tov take fire from
the furnace, aud the light furniture being con
sumed she rank.
The Insurance Company resisted ou the
ground that the loss was occasioned by the col
lision and Dot by the fire.
The Court below instructed the jury that if
upon the evidence they found that the boat
would havo continued to float so that she could
have been towed to a place of safety, bad fire
not occurred, a verdict must be found for the
plaintiff. The jury so found and verdict was
according. The correctness of the question
was the rnaia ruling he-e where it was sus
tained and the judgment affirmed.
Western Mmsacbusetts Iusurauce Company
vs. same error to same point, was also affirmed.
United States vs. BurusJ In this case the
Court of Claims gave the plaintiff judgment
for the use by the government ot the Sibley
Tent. The plaintiff oeing by assignment part
owner of a contract made with the government
by Mayor Sibley. The department bad refus
ed to pay on the grounds that payment was a
violation ol army regulations. The court is
of the opinion irom the facts found below that
the Sibley contract is not within the prohibita
tions o( army regulations as pleaded. Judg
ment is therefore affirmed. Several other de
cisions were giveu but present no special inter
est. _
KKW VOBK.
Fearn of Tionblo Fo Day.
New Yobk, Nov. 6.—It is still believed that
there is dauger ol riots in the 7th Senatorial
district between the adherents of CVBrien4aod
Bradley, as the police are wot king in the in
terest ol the latter. There havo been several
rows (here already aud the excitement seems
to be increasing.
The police admit that unless any outbreak
(ia kii mnmrilv nnl (loan ita nnpnlna iIiafa
will be very serious work to-morrow, not only
in the above mentioned district hut in the first,
eighth ami sixteenth wards. The Governor,
Mayor,police authorities and military officers
have arraogcd for effective measures, if neces
sary. The polling places this year have been
located ou broad avenues instead of narrow
side streets in order that the police and mili
tary may have more room to act if called upon.
A Tniaiuau) Judge.
”appom^^?w^uspec^^^^^^3ec^^^unT'P^ore-W
move the present incumbents was vacated by
Judge Bedford this morning.
Our. More ia Trouble.
The Attorney General, through Charles
O’Conor, has commenced suits against Thom
as C. Fields, who is running for the legislature
agaiDst Horatio Seytuour, fur swindling the
firemen out ot nearly hall a million of dollars
which he obtained by charging them 59 per
cent, fur his services in getting a hill of claims
through tbo legislature amounting to a million
dollar's, he being at the limo a rnsmber of the
legislature.
An order of arrest for Field has been granted
and bail fixed $100,000. It is said that tho or
der will not be served until after election.
A (Hoad Clerk.
John Nev’ns, a clerk Irr the Register’s office
has been arrested on a charge of attempting to
steal a number ol vouchers, aud was commit
ted in default of $2000.
Aid for Brooklyn.
It is rumored that 2000 repeaters will be sent
Irorn New York to Brooklyn to-morrow.
Fisk’s Judge.
Judge Pratt has refused to vocate the injunc
tion in the Fisk-Mansfield ease which practi
cally changes the venue from Brcoklyn to
New York.'
Criuiiunl.
Peter Furlacher has beeu sentenced to fifteen
years in State Prison for highway robbery.
George Hoffman, driver of a milk wagon, to
three years in the Penitentiary for passing
counterfeit Dores.
One Alderman Sale.
This evening Alderman Bernard O’Neil of
the 2tst ward, has been arrested and locked up
in Ludlow street jril,on a charge mads by
Patrick Couually, who accused O’Neil ol hav
ing induced him to vote illegally at the last
election.
Kwiadier (taught.
It. O. Beruheiut alias Williams alias Watson
alias Cassidy, was arrested to day charged
with raising a draltou Hawes Macy from
$30 to $3000 and obtaining money ou it. He is
also wanted in Washington by Ctark Co.,
Bankers oi Philadelphia, for alleged iorgeries.
Filial (|uatrel.
Luring a fight this evening between Henry
ICiuuey ami Margaret Ryan at their house,
Kinney struck Mrs. Ilyau ou the head with a
tea cup fracturing her skull. Kinney was ar
rested aud woman was sent to the hospital in
a dying condition
(HBOBCHIA.
The Legislature’* Bullock Resolution.
Atlanta, Not. G—Both branches of the
Legislature have adopt*<1 the tollowing:
Resolved, That Rufus B. Bullock, late Gov
ernor ol Gsorgia, who rcsigued his office aud
left the Stare under circumstances creating
grave suspicion that he was guilty ol high
crimes and misdemeanors, has, in charging in
a letter bearing date ut Oct. 23,1871, and ad
dressed to his particular friends and the people
ol Gsorgia, that a majority ol the House of
Representatives had pledged themselves vote
for articles of impeachment against biin with
out investigations, and that the Senate had
determined to unseat a sufficient number ol
Republican Senators to secure his conviction
without regard to the truth and validity ol the
u> inin«.u nu ui wu^iui i/j
charges which were untrue, and that the state*
meat in the same letter to the effect that the
people of Georgia have recently denounced or
ignored the Constitution of the United States
ig false and defamitory to the people of this
State. Ou the contrary we assert that the
people ot this State do now remain as they did
six months ago, when, according to the letter of
Bullock, they weie peaceably disposed to ac
quiesce in the results of the war, and neither
entertain auy hostility towards the United
States, nor deny auy person within the limits
ot the State equal protection of the law's,
ILLINOIS*
Cilf Ulcciiosis.
Chicago, Nov. 6.—Deep interest is manifest
ed in the result ol the election to-morrow. The
Board of Trade hold no session as the Mayor
has issued a proclamation recommending the
closing of all places of business.
Report of Shelter Committee.
The Shelter Committee of the Aid Society
report 56S9 applications for temporary houses,
ot w hich 4178 were granted.
The i*lier2«lua>K*nloier ITIatter.
St. Louis, Nov. G. —A special from Spring
field, Illinois, states that the defence of Sheri
dan's military occupation of Chicago feems to
rest on the pM of necessity. It is not gener
ally known that the AdjutandGen.of the State,
an experienced soldier, reached Chicago the
day after the lire with 45J picked meu under
oiders from Governor Palmer to enlurco the
laws and preserve order and that under the ad
vice and direction of Gen. Sheridan and Mayor
Mason he returned home*witb the men because
there was no necessity for them. Alter this
the regiment of which Governor Palmer com
plains was organized and called into service.
A LARA HA.
Builrond Company Ruukrnpt.
Montgomery, Nov. G. Juige Busteed has
granted an order declaring the Alabama
Chattanooga lt.iilroad Company baukropt and
appointed Col. Gliudrat receiver and designat
ed Nov. 27th tor the election of an assignee.
Col. Glindrat was beretoiore custodian ad in
terim, appointed by the State, which now runs
tie load 200 miles, and will have the whole
road in a day or two iu active operation.
KENTUCKY.
Klcrni People Trampled to RcalEi.
i Louisville, Nov. G —Daring tire panic last
evening at the African Baptist church, which
was caused by the giviug way of a column,
nine womeu aud two children were trampled
to death.
O K JE X G N
FIS ANCE.
iii totis Mullers.
London, Nov. g. —The emigration return:
ot L’verooul tor October show a total of 14,202
tor tbe United States.
Tbe Mansion House fund for Chicago
amounts to £47,800.
The British expedition for flm observation ol
the total eclipse of the sun oa the 11th oi
December has arrived at Malta.
New Coinage.
Beul-.n, Nov. 6 —Tbe Federal Council Iras
approved tire draft of a coinage bill which will
be submitted to Parliament.
Aid to Cereal Sufferer*.
London, Nov. 6 J. S. Morgan Co., have
remitted £200 sterling received from G.rcen
oek for snflerers by the forest tires in Michi
gan aud Wisconsin.
DUniMOK OF CANADA.
Oisuntrous I-ire.
London. Nov. 6—Moorhead’s factory and
residence, aud u small cabinet shop were burn
ed to night. Icthrows 100 mechanics ont of
employment. Moorhead’s iuenrauoe was $40,
000. The total loss was over $70,000.
YUhiug Vtssels Condemned.
Halifax, N. S Nov. 6. —Iu the Vice Ad
miralty* Court to-day, Chief Justice Young
gave a decision iu the ease of the schooner J.
H. Nickerson, seised while procuring bait In
North Bay. The vessel and contents were
condemned, but it is thought impossible that
the government will enforce the decree.
MI4SOCRI.
Counterfeiter* Broken Up.
St. Louis, Nov. G.—A. counterfeiters den, a
few miles from Kansas City, was broken up
last Saturday. John Riley and Thomas Bal
lard were arrested. Harry Cole and Josiah D.
Myer, the latter tbe leader of tbo gaug, were
captured, but escaped while the officers were
examining the bouse. The officers captured a
thousand dollar national bank uoto plate,
oue two dollar plate, two ten dollar plates,
lour iilty cent plates, two sets of engravers'
tools, ten transfer rolls and bed pieces to trans
fers aud live printing presses, $8500 of coun
terfeit bills aud a quantity of fibre paper^Um
same as used by tbe Government. tHKSKt
M AHSACUIISEi'TS.
Great Ailituure iu Wlia|c Oil.
Boston, Nov. G.—News of tbe disaster to
tire whaling fleet caused an advance of whale
oil in this market from GO cents to $1 per gal
lon; no disposition on tire part of holders to
sell. The Bostou insurance offices had little if
any risk on the property lost. New Bedford
offices lost one million, which they can p ry aud
have a surplus left.
A youth of 17, giving the name of Martin
Von Kleek, is under arrest here on suspicion
of stealiug $0000 worth of jewelry, tonnd in
his possession, from his lather, in Brooklyn,
N. Y. He will be taken to Brooklyn lor ex
amination.
CALIFORNIA.
Disaster to the Whaling Fleet Predicted.
San Francisco, Nov. 6 —Tbe disaster to the
whaling fleet was fully predicted by an E-qui
maux, liui no attention was paid to the warn
ing. The Esquimaus^ were boarding the sli'ps
aud carrying oil everylliiug of value to them
when the crews abandoned tbe vessels.
l)r. Woodbridge, surgeon of the Moses Tay
lor, died on bis return voyage from Honolulu.
Fire.
The San Francisco wood preserving works
were burned to-day. Loss $20,000.
METEOROLOGICAL.
Ryuopsis of Wenihsr Reports for the pnsl
Twenty-Four Honrs.
War Dep't, Office Chief Signal!
Officer, Washington, D. 0.,
Nov. 0, (7.00 P. M.)J
The barometer will probably rise on Tuesday
very generally along the Atlantic coast, and
the winds veer to the uortlieest, with a rising
temperature m the Middle aud Eastorn States.
Easterly winds will probably continue during
the night on Southern Lake Michigan, and
northeast winds on the lower lakes. Danger
ous winds arc uot anticipated for our coast.
CONNECTICUT.
Office's Resisted.
New Haven, Nov. 6 —While the police were
arresting two notorious rowdies in the Fifth
Ward this afternoon, the officers were at
tacked by the rowdies and tbiir friends aud
one of tbe officers severely wounded. Tlio af
fair created tbe greatest excitement in the
vicinity for a time, and nearly tbo whole force
bad to be sum moued before the arrests could
be made.
DELAWARE.
Ruttdar Rrcreaticu In a Good Old Rlnte.
Wilmington, Nov. 6.—Stephen H. Castner,
Justice of the Peace, terminated a drunken
quarrel with Charles Woolsey, a tcbool teach
er in Christiana village yesterday, by shooting
Woolsey dead. Castner surrendered Limscif.
TELEGRAPH IU ITEM.
There will be a more general suspension of
busioess in New York to-day than at any pre
vious election.
Monday morning a fire broke out in tbe
moulding mills of Jackson Metz, 231 East
431 street, New kork, aud spread is 237. Loss
$40,000; half iDSured.
'ftksR.i'tench commiitoe report the total A Puer
to be $110,619.
James Denuis, a wealthy and well known
politician of Long Island city, has mysiorious
ly disappeared. Financial embarrassments are
hinted at as tbe cause.
Charlts Baltliauf died in Brooklyn on Sat
urday Diglit from a severe beating from un
known persons.
Elder Spencer, of Nortbfield, N. IT., had a
fierce encounter with a man who forced his
way into his house Salurday night. After be
ing knocked down and well pounded the man
left with a broken arm without injuring tbe
Elder or taking anything, which was good tor
the Elder.
It is reported that Commodore Pennock will
be transferred from the Kittery to the Brook
lyn Navy Yard, and will be succeeded by Com
modore Fabius Stanley.
By the burning ot William C ark’s phos
phate works at Point Breeze, Pa., tbe Eastern
aud Uuion iusurauee companies of Bangor
lose $2500 each. The total loss ol $150,000 was
covered by the insurance.
The Sugar river railroad is now completed
to Nourse Coffer’s mills at East Newport,
N. H., three miles from Newport.
The Stewart Piper Co.’s mills in I’.rookyi)le>
Ind., were burned Sunday. L)S3 $75,000; in
sured for $25,000.
There is no foundation for reports of tbe ex
of fallow lever ic Savannah. Da.
A fire at Greenbusb, N. Y., yesterday, did
damage to the amount of $18,000 to houses and
Collender’s lumber yard.
A young woman named Mapes died in a
New York omnibus Saturday night from the
effects of poison sho had taken.
Spraft’s oil works at Hunter’s Point, Long
Island, were burned Sunday; loss $20,000.—
Several Bremen were injured by the explosion
of a tank of gasoline.
St. Louis and Cincinnati are contending for
the next Republican National Convention.
The steamer Wade Hampton, of Vicksburg,
laden yvitli 1CC0 bales of cotton and filly hogs
heads of sugar, sunk opposite Doualdsville.La.
The boat, worth $00,000, may be raised. In
sured for $30,000 in Northern companies.
The Bve years old stallion Mohawk, Jr.,
made a mile on a Cincinnali course, Friday,
in 2 23, and a half mi'e in 1.10 1 2. A New
York man offers $25,000 lor.
The General Counci'- of the Lutheran church
iu sessiou at Rochester, N. Y., has elected Rev.
Dr. Scrantli, President of all the synods of
North America.
There were 20 deaths from small pox in
Brooklyn, last week.
Haupek’s Bazaar.—The number for the
week, richly illustrated, has been received at
the periodical depot of Messrs. Fessoudeu
Bros., Lancaster Hall; also by D. Went
worth, dealers in books, stationery, &c., 337
Congress, corner of Oak street. This journal
o( Fashion takes the lead of all others, and is a
welcome visitor to the parlor circle.
WcsUier Repvrt-Iov O-H 1*. M.
War Department, Signal Service W. S. Army, Di
vision ol Telegrams anu Reports lor the benchtof
Commerce.
O)
Place i 1
a o
ol c p
O O
observation. g o
fiH.il 5
70 Q m
M
Boston.29.93 30 NW Clear
Otmrleston.S.C..30.17 69 W Clear
Cheyenne,W.T. 29.72 27 N E l.l, d iw
Chicago.39 31 42 NE Thre’ng
Cleveland.30.24 40 N Fair
Corinne, Utah..29.95 35 S Cloudy
Indianapolis... .30.l0 47 15 Fair
Key West-.30.04 76 NE Clear
Mt.Wasblugton.29.00 03 NW Cloudy
New London ..80 00 29 NW Char
New Orleans. ...30.IS 03 E Clear
New Vork.30.11 31 NW Fair
Norfolk.30.17 40 Calm Clear
Omaha.30 00 HI NE Cloudy
Pittsburg.30 34 36 NW Fair
Portland.29.83 26 SW Cloudy
Portland, Ore. .30.17 43 W Clear
San Diego, Cal..30.C6 55 NE Clear
San Francisco..80.12 55 SW Fair
Savannah.30.1h 59 sE Oear
Washington 30.18 42 NW Cloudy
Wilmington-3tU5 55 Calm Fair
Montreal, C.E.29.07 90 W Cloudy
Barometer corrected lor temoerature and elevation
COMMEKC IAL.
Receipts by Railroads and Stenmboolr.
Grand Trunk Railway.—250 cans milk. 60t
libls. Hour, 03 lolls leather, 1 car shooks, 1 «lu spools,
11 do corn, 1 do shingles, 80 hdIs Ka boards, 47 bdb
hoop), 01 cars lamb r, ldo wood, X do potatoes, 3 dfl
bark, 2 do clapboards, 1 do paper. 1 do heading, 2 do
bubs, 1 do iron, 2 do sundries. Shipments ’o Lower
provinces— 1100 bbls Hour, 1 car malt, 1 do furniture,
1 do stoves, 1 do sundries.
Main® Central Railway-80 cases mdse, 21
muituiis, 40 tdls shovels, 0 qual'teis heel, 23 bbls,
24 pkgs sundries.
Steamer Forest City from Boston—2400 feet
ot lumber. 25 cases shoes,70 ra Its nails, 10 bbls alco
hol, 8 cooking stoves, lo bbls oil, 7 pcs marble, 1 pi
ano iorte, 0 crates crockery, l carriages, 71 it ot p pe,
75 pkgs to Older. For Canada and iip couutty—4 pi
a-io lories, 18 ba'cs of rags, "0 bbls 11 >ur, 50 tasks ol
nails, 40 bills bather, I organ, 10 bars of steel, 20
balls marline, 60 pkgs to order.
STEAMER Diitruo. from New York—10SS dry
bides, 50 bales lags, 37 do colt,m, 9 do burlaps, 12 do
domestics, 50 baskets aunoitn.tSO d> z brooms, 23 burs
Iron, 102 bdls splice bars. It o do paper bangings, 400
bbls. flour, 37 do g’ass ware, 47 buns, molasses, 15 IK
tobacco, 25 kegs spikes, 35 rolls leather, 500 b -xof
cabins, 300 do window glass, 20) do robaeeo, 75 di
canned goods, 50 do clocks, 30 do hardware, 25 dc
soap, 74 do choose. 50 da drugs, 00 do starch, 20 do w
lead, 40 burr blocks. 77 bag* shot, 3 engines. H 00 li
eliesis tea, 11 cults lead, 10 do glare ware, 100 lilt
preset Vi rs, 1 printing press, V pianos, 35 keg* soda
13 sticks liguumvitw, 200 jkgs tuudrics.
t,5*HSf!0'1 e-Woruiuo.-Gold firmer®
St JlLmeady!' St'i“iUg Extl““8B lfei
i riiari u! fiies Me 1110 lurcuomi quotation* ol South
To.iUcHSQe Gs, new.
Virginia Gs, new. fb’
MrssnuriGH. uji
Louisiana Gs, neir. kg*
Alabama 5s.
eorgia 0’^...!!.!!!.,.. 86
Noi rh Carolina new.’ 19
ooulu Carolina6a. new...2U
cific'selmritTes^ *C‘e 'h0 ‘l,,otatioUB lor Union Pa
Central Pacific bonds.,,,, 1091
Uh|ou Pacific bonds.'*!!. 88
Union Pacific stock... .04
Union Pacific land grants.**'*’*. 7G
Union Pacific income bonds. 77
Money moat ot the
ItmmKt 6 n *i c 1 P.er n»U closed Iree with
1 »ans at o I». r cent Merliug Kxehaii"e al losi
to“!:18“at0,,'f(Ubr"t"°t“C,‘VC at112|, will,
were'!!?•» omi n i?er<^ent* ,or C;4l r-ving. Clearances
\\ere *<u,ooo,0jU. Governments dull and film. Si it*
tiueand ritlil'p 1 North a?d Sou,h UaroMha were ac
active. 1 1 e heavy. Stocks strong but not very
ernmeut gecurftieiil t,ie oicsing quotations otUov
Uultod States coupon 6’s, 1881.. \1R,
Uuited States 5-20’s t»ti2.. I:??
United State* r,-20’s 1864..
Uuited States 5-20’s 1SK5. old
United State* 5-20’.* 1865, n, w.i J
Uuited Slates 5-20’s, 1867 H
United States5-20’*, 1868......'.'.’".IiaS
Unfed States 10-40*., coupon.
Ourreucy C’s.......
Stocks :IUl0WIDS are 11,0 closiu« quotation* ol

S’ v'r^nt™i»i”!"l80u Uive'r* consolidate j!!! ON
Erie.’.?. 1 Hudsoa Hi ver consolidated scrip.g«*
Erie preferred.!.!!!’.
Unriem.*..........V..
Michiga u Central..'.*.* j j J.
.®h<)rc Michigan Southern, ex iliv. 85*
IuIqoIb Ceuiral. iSF
Cleveland Sc Pittsburg.!'' 1244
Chicago Sc North Western. go*
Chicago North Western preferred.89
Chicago Sc Hock Island.1021
Ml waillflo Vgp r-r4
Pittsburg Fort Wayue.... yo
)Uoai«>Mtic JVInrkds.
lnmE,miYo.E*'.N?,'r,.(ir:t;v,;ni.nz-.T.9otton ,n moderate
^".gUerT^W^Lu^I^:, Spring it 1811
wi^t t^en?lter "tr™'i No2 147@1BI;
iutlil Ked Western 1 50 ,w M-, Stale I 65 Cm 1 71
Corn soaice an.l I 2c liigbei sans 57.000 bash.;
new Mixed Western 76* eg 77Je in store; do afloat
I:!1',"-- .Y,us ~cl,'ce and tinner; sales 4H00 busb.; oblo
52 g 53c. Heel quiet. Pork quiet and a shade flrra
er; niesslu 00 g 13 20. Lartl dull a d heavy at 9i(al
10*c. butler Heady. Whiskey dull a: 90je. Kice
,‘in‘ai o 8Ji Suzar qu,et a"J lirul I Muscova
rdnVr'w i i.ii R3 ,Jic- Ooflec dull and tlrni;
Ulo I7J .m lojc, gold. Moitssos dull. Naval Stores—
quict at <»l®09*c. Rosin firm
46J<S 4 ‘5 for strained. Petroleum steady; crude
13 13}f; relined 3lc. Tallow heavy at 9 94c.
to Liverpool unebaiiKed; Flour per tail.
It Gd, Wheal 8?d. per steam and 8}d i or sail.
New York, Nov. G.— Beeves firm at an advance
2 per cent, on last week’s prices. Receipts lor
the week 7229; all sold at8J@l2}c. Sheep and
Lambs, better qualities firm and lower grades }c eas
ier; Sheep at 4 lij; Limbs 6@8c; Recei >ts 28.
000; Hog-unchanged; sales of live at 4 50 @5 00
$>cwt; 5J G}c tor dressed 3? lb.
Ohtoaoo, Nov. 6.—Flour quiet. Wheat active
and higher; No. I Spiiug at 1 21] 1 23: No. 2 do
19} 1 193; No. 3 do 1 12@ 1 124; lejecled do
104; feller last hall month, T184&I 20?; do Do
I ^omber at 1 20] Coin active and higher; No. 2
Mixed at 48 @48?. Oats active and hi,her; No. 2
3lK«J3tJc: seller lasthall the month 31}@3l2c.—
Bai ley dull; No. 2 tall 51 C2c. Pork firm at h 75
13 00, tor seller December 12 02} 12 75,. live
firm; No. 2 at 58} 59. Lard steady at 8?c. Bulk
meats firm; hams 7c; shoulders 3£ 4c, thort rib
middle* 52c. Whiskey nominal at 85c. Live Ho >s
steady at 3 75 4 25. Cattle firm at 3 30 1 49: re*
ccinti 1500
Receipts—G900 bhlg. flour, 75,000 bush, wheat, 120,
000 bush? corn d.OOO bush, oats, 40,000 bush, barlev.
20.000 busb, rye.
Shipments-5,000 bblg. flour, 145,000 busb. wheat
107.000 bush, corn, 11,000 bush, oats, 145,000 bush!
ba- le> 3 000 bush. rye. There will be no stssion 01
the Board to-morro w.
Toledo, Nov. 6.—Flour dull. Wbeat firm: extra
W! ite Michigan 1 48; No. 1 at l 43; Amber Michigan
1 39 @1 49; No. 2 Bed 1 3‘2. Corn and Oats dull and
unchanged.
Milwaukee, Nov. G.—Flour quiet, Wheat firm
No. 1 at 1 21; No. 2 at 1 20. Oats a shade lower;
No. 2 at 38c. Coru firm; No. 2 Mixed 48c. Rye dull
and lower; No. I at GOc. Barley unsettled; No. 2
Spring 52c.
Receipts—40,000 bbls. flour, 74,000 bush, wheat.
Shipments—5000 bbls. Hour. 100,000 busb. wheat.
Cincinnati, Nov. 6 -Poik higher at 13 00. Lard
drooping at s$ 9c. Bulk Mexts firm; aides G|
7c. Bacon iirin; shoulders 7}e; sides 7$ 8c. Live
llcgs1 higher at 4 10 @4 35. Whiskey steady at 88c.
St. Louis, Nov. G.—Flour firm. Wheat lower;
No. 4 Bed I 32 1 33; No. 3 at 1 40 1 41; No 2 at
1 50 (g 1 50. Corn firm Mixed 43 43e at Fast St.
Louis. Oats firm Mixed at 32 31c. in bulk. Pork
—small sales; Mess 14 00. Bacou dull and unchang
ed. Laid quiet at 9 9?c.
Savannah, Nov. 6.—Cotton quiet; Middling up
lands at 17£c.
Charleston, Nov. G—Cotton firm; Middling
uplands 179c.
Mobile, Nov. G.—Colton firm; Middling uplands
17} 172c.
New CiRiears, Nov. 6.-Cotton strong; Middling
uplands 18c.
Foreign markets.
London, Nov. 6—11.30 A. Rl.—Consols 9.} lor
money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20s, 1802, 911; do 1865
old, 91};’do 18U7, 93}; U. S. 10-40s 8'.»2.
Frankfort, Nov. G.—United States 5-20’s, 1862,
86} 3 96*.
Paris. Nov. 6.—Ttfntes 571 45c.
Liverpool. Nov. C—10.30 A. M.—Cotton quiet
Middling upland* i‘$J; do Otleans sjii;
^Uonoon, Aov.’o—1.30 P. M.—Cousols closed at 92}
tor money and account.
American securities U. S. 5-20’s 1862, 911 ds
1863, old, 91}; d> 18G7, 93?. Tallow 48s.
Liverpool, Nov. G—1 30 P. M.—Cotton steady;
sales 10,000 bales.
Paris, Nov. G-l 30 P. M.—Rentes 57f 20c.
T^^don, Nov. G.—4.30 P. M.—Consols closed at
92} tor money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20’s 18G2, 91j; do 1>65
old, 91}. do 1867, 933 U. S. 10-40s, 892.
Liverpool, Nov. 6-4.30 P. M.—Cotton closed
quiet and steady: Middling uplands 92d; do Oilcans
i, iv,uuu uaies.
Freights*
Philadelphia, Nov. 4.—Freights—The follow
ing aro the current rates ot coal freights from Port
Richmond tor the week ending Nov. 2cllo Ports
mouth $2 65 2 75; Boston $2 50 @$2 55; Chelsea
$2 50; Fall River $2 10 @$2 15; Gloucester $2 65;
Lynn $2 75; New Bedford $2 15; Sslein $2 55; Som
erset $2 15; Weymouth $2 65; Bristol $2 15; Provi
dence $2 15.
New Orleans. Oct. 31.—Freights—The ofierings
for loreigu are quite liberal, and there, is ample sup
ply ol room on the berth. The movement coastwise
i9 only moderate. Cotton to Liverpool, by sail. 9-lGd
to Havre 1 j|c; to Boston fc; to Liverpool, by steam,
Jc; llremcu and Hamburg $d;New York Jc; to Phil
adelphia Jc..
Galveston, Oct. 28.—Freights—The improved
demand lor room during the latter part ol the week
has given some streugth to rates by sail, both loreigu
and coastwise, hut with an excessive supply ot un
cDgtged tonnage in port, rates have not developed
any tendeucy to advance. Rates by steam are tin
changed, but shipments are not sullicient to employ
the room oftcriug. Kates by .sail to Continental ports
are nominally as quoicd: Cotton to Liverpool by
sail |^lb; Amsterdam, do do, $d; Bremen, dodo,
2d; Havre, do do, -Jd; New York by steam, Jc lb;
by sail, #e. Hides—New York, by steam, Ijlc loose 4*
lb; do steam bales |c do; do ilo wet salted $c; do
sail, loose, Jc; do bales ie lb. Wool in sacks, steam
to New York, l]c; do by sail Jc lb.
BohIoii Stock Lkt,
Sales at tbc Brokers’ Board, Nov. 6.
Vermont Central 1st mortgage Bonds,,,. 81
Boston and Maine Railroad.... 143J
Eastern Kaiircaa. 107$
Michigan Cental Railroad. 117]
Bates Munuiacturlng Companv. 113$
Portland.Saco Portsmouth Railroad. 130J
Western Railroad Sixes. 1-8}
Eastern Rad Road Sixes, 1889. 96
_ENTERTAINMENTS.
'FFUEJYT 1U1FF,
Tuesday Evening?, November 14th,
ASD
Pour Following Nights!
Electro Biology and Phrenology
Instructive anti Amusing,
Prof. CS. W. Stone
Will give as above, a Series of
Wonderful and Amusing
EXPERIMENTS
Upon persons in a perfectly wakeful state, as per
formed b. him in the principal Cilies ami Towns of
Europe and America, during the past 22 years.
Poors open at 7 o’clock. Commence at 8.
Admission 35 cents. Tickets may be had at Hawes
Crngin’s Music Sioie, 77 Middle street, and at the
d >or. no4dtf
"m. JLj. a.
Third Entertainment,
Wednesday Evening, Nov Stli,
LECTURE BY
Rev. E G. Ames, ef California
The Lecturers tor the ba’ancc of the course, are
dinpiu, C’urliM. Nclmrx, Fieldv, Wdli. tintl
Bm'hcr.
Ticket* to the Course 1.50. Evening Tickets 50c.
Door* ot»en at C 1-2. Lecture at 7 1-2 o’clock.
no4td
Third Grand Assembly,
-OF THE
WEST END BOAT CLUB I
AT
FTaTJEaSTT HALL,
Friday Evening, Nov, 10,’71.
TICKETS, ONE DOLL VK.
Dancing to commence at 8:15 o’clock.
Music, Chandler’s Quadrille Baud.
Committee of Arrangements.
James H. Mahtney, John C. Ilavcrty,
John Shnnuou, William Liberty,
Thomas Ball, John Burns.
Nov4-eod1w
Social Fesfival*
The ladies of the First Baptist Society y. id be
happy to entertain their friend* socially, in tn^ ves
try of their church
Corn r of CougrcM and Wilmot itrceli,
ON
Thursday, Evening, Nov. 9th,
Where hey will have the usual Refreshments for
sale at li 1-2 oVIock 1’ M, ami during the evening,
Aduiis.ioa free. nut did*
■KNTERTA 1NM ENTS
MUMIC HALL.
Again To-Night, Ag»in To-Night.
O VEU IVUELMING SUCCESS!
Everybody unanimous in the praise of tbe famous
Tsi blea ux ©I Erin
A^p WORLD-rEnow NED
13 RENNANS.
The wnMamuilng, moral,largest, and host enter
tainment, portraying the beauties of the
EMERALD ISLE
Ever exhibited in this country, together with the
world-renowned.
Mr, and Mrs. Brennan.
The people's Invoritei, lu their eheracterlstle Songs
Sketches, and Duets, tog-.ther with a lull
COMEDY COMPANY,
-AND THE
W onderfulPanorama
ot the Emerald Isle, recei.tly imported by Mr. Bren
nan, and pronounced by the j res* and clergy to be
the mo t truthful representation ot the scenery of
Ireland ever before tbe public.
<3rnu«l Jflutiarr Wediioiulay and flalHrday
Afternoon*,
ror Schools, when admission will be 10 ctfl. for chll
dreu and 35 c.-nts lor adults.
Evening admission 20 cts. Reserved seats 35 ceofs.
Aitetnoou perlormancc commences at 2J o'clock.
Evening performance commences 8.
Doors open at l and 7 i* m.
n*)7Utd H. D AV IS, Jr., Business Agent.
Public Assembly
The G. W. T. 8.,
Will give their second Ahsemhly at
I-ANOA8TEU IIAJL.X.,
Friday Eve’y, November 10,
Under the management ot
Capt. edwakdhodukins.
UEO. H. FOSTER, J T. SEAVER
Musio by Webb’s Foil Quadrille Band.
six pieces,
Tickets admitting Gout and Ladies, 75 eents.
Dancing to commerce at 8 o'clock. uov7td
ASSEMBLY.
MB. A. B. CKE
would announce Ills first assemb’y In connection
with his class in Dancing,
Mouday firsning, November 13th.
at bis Academy, cornet ot Brown and Congress sts.
Music by Chandler’s Band.
Mr. Gee will commence his first school tor instruc
ion m Dancing »or evening scholars on Wednesday
vening, Nov. I5tli, and continue every Wednesday.
For particulars apply at the llall. nov7tt
PIANO FORTES.
fi 0 R II A M S
ANNUAL
EXHIBITION
i
AND-
SALE!
Mr. C Vi Ciorlanui, the manufacturer of the popu
lar New York Goiham Pianos encouraged by ths
flattering success, which attended him at the exhibi
tion and sale of these instruments last year in Port
land, and the demin I and sale tor them since that
time, is prompted to repeat the exhibition and aalq.
Commencing Nov. 7th, 1871
FOIl
Ten flays Only*
Mo. 3 Free st., Block,
PORTLAND.
Thanking the people ot Portland tor the very liberal
patronage and confidence we have received tiom
them, and teeling assured that our reputation lor
a first c’ass Piano is now firmly tetnblished in .this
City, we propose to bring about (iW>i twenty of these
mate aments. Kiul) racing every variety ot style and
finish. Making it the largest variety ot eleganl
Pianos ever shown in Portland.
These Pianos are first class instruments in every
respect, every part being made as well as money and
hands can make them. In many points ot internal
construction together with desigu and elegance ot
of cage wc claim a superiority.
And shall offer the Pianos at a lair living profit
above cost of Man a'act u re.
Every Piano is fully warranted for tho term of five
years.
Weinvite all to visit our rooms t the opening and
jhdge tor themselves.
To Parties desirlous ot obtaining a really fine Plano
at a moderate cost, this exhibition and sale will af
ford that opportunity seldom ottered.
We shall allow a lair price for old Pianosaiu ex
change.
Our New Pianos Sold on ea*>y
Moot;>ly Instalments it desired,
We reler below to several parties in Portland, who
have purchased these Pianos and th roughly test
ed them one, two and three years; who will now
traulily testify that they are proving to be in evory
respect, all that could be desired iu a Piano. Hold
ing their natural goodness ot tone perfectly. The
actions working with the same nicety as when
new, and standing in tune remarkably well. (Sever
al of the Pianos sold at our exhibition last Novem
ber have not been tuned yet, being nearly a year,
and are in excelent order now.)
The fact that we have told a large lumbe
to the best citizens ot Portland, iu so short tune,
show best their merits and excellence.
Among those that have purchased these Piano
are:
Samuel Waferliouto, Clothing Dealer, 93
1 itrlion SI.
Win II. Waldrou. No 5 Oak at, Virus J. W
True A Co.
Win. II. 8teptacnson, State nt.
llro, 11. Knight, W holesale Druggist. State
Mt.
HI. G. Palmer, Dealer iu Boot* Shoe*?
Oxfo> d wt.
John K. Palmer, Wholesale Milliner, Win
ter kt.
Hint D. Choate, Park st.
J. C. Bnkcr, t ouimimion Merchant, Win
ter sS.
HIi'j*. Hall J. Ijitflc, 49 High if.
D. T. Chase, Cumberland st.
V. Mart*n. Firm Martin. Peunell Co r
Wtluiot Nt.
I. P. Waterhouse. Finn Martin Peunell A
Co.,8 Codur mi.
Frank E. Pray, C'UNtoin House, Carlton nt.
E. P. Brooks, Firm of QM AE P.. Cum
berland Mt.
Wrm. K. Khodrs. Hlauu’fr Steam Heaters.
Congress st.
A.K. 8hniluck. Fraukliu st.
Frnufcliii Takey. Builder, North st*
D. S Jones, Mail Ag’t E R K., North st.
Isianh Rundall, Builder. Waterville st.
Sixnn’l Id* GilSef, tipring st.
Ik cur y 8uigeut, Atlantic sf.
Hits C. Butler,
8. W. 8lilpheia, Cnritag- Maker, Oxford sfc
Thom an Unndiill, Foremnu nt Portland
Co’s Works, India Mt,
C. K. Hrydges, Builder, Norlh]st#
Joseph ftlezclton, Saccarappa.
Waaa. II. Surgcut, Collector CnaloiUN, Cua
tine
Joint W. Dresser, Hlauu’fr Corduge, Cas
liue.
Wc shall also offer with these Piauos a large
riely of elegant Piano covers,
Also several secondhand Pianos, which we rave
already taken in exchange.
C. Li. 4*urSiam A Co.
October, 1871. octfl W&Stt is
90 and Acorned Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price In exchange tor these
Bonds and can be sent by Express and these re
turned by Express, tree ot*expense 10 the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving limber par Haulers concerning
the connections and business, with Maps, showing
tho location and lauds of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Priucipnl Agent of the Company for the
Sale |of Honda,
B A N Ci O It MAINE,
OB TO
SWAN A BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
IOO Middle
tarOn completion (in lS77)ol 60miles of Khilroad
now building, betweeu St. ar!1
N s Iliern will bo an unbroken lino ol Hallway
frill.’K-11**10 all tha «‘tlcs of the Unite,1
States, and a-two or three days ol ocean iravel can
lie avoided, and about 30 hours time saved, from
New York, to going to or coming liom Kurope, by
rail to or iron. Halifax,—a large buduess in pas
sengers, mails and Height will H ereby be added to
the trathe over the E. He N. A. Railway.
Julyl3-*neod if
IV Of Li :E is lereby sivon, that;tbe subscribers l,av<
Xy been duly appointed Executrices ot the Will u
WOODBURY DAVIS, late ol Pottiaml,
in tbe County of Cumberland, deceased, aud liav.
taken upon themselves that trust as the law dlreots
All person, lmvmg demands upon the relate ofs-.li1
deceased, are required to exhibit the same: and ai
persons indebted to said estate are called upon n
make payment to
CAROLINE F. DAVIS, \v
CARui e e, Davis, I Kle-“‘Hee»
Portland, Sept. 19th, 1881, ft oc«.8w
AUCTlOiN SALES?
e
Very Desirable Brick Block oa
Commercial street at Auction.
ON Wednesday. Nor. S, at VI m.. we Oj.U sell the
snacious ami finelv located Brick Block, No,
125 Commercial st. Said Block is 4 stories high,
about 41$ it. uo Comnurcfei st., aud 55 ft. on tla»
aveijuo le.toiii'j fiom Fore st. to Commercial street
and Centr:*i Wlurt, making tne corner lot, and lso**n
ol the most sub.dai.tial end valuable buildings on
Commercial »t., and is now occupied by K. Corey
Co.
Terms favorable *nd made known at sale,
jg" For pariicolars cnit on W. W. Thomas. Lew Iff
Plcree or
•t-24td F. 0. BAILEY OL. Austioneort.
Furniture Carpets, &c. at Auction,
ON Wednesday, Nov 8tb, at SaJesrooum 18 £i
eh:tugo st, we shall >ell India, Brussels, Tapes
try and three ply carpets, Chamber Set, Mahogany
Chamber Furniture, Centre Table, What-Not, Ac,
Chairslo Mabogauv and Hair C oth, Lounges, on*
•wciophine, cook, parlor, air-tight and office Stoves,
mwKeu,h*r Bed*, Bedding, Ac; one large
w Desk, one leather covered Chair.
Sheriff** ,amtt time a lot ol Furniture by order of
F. O. BAILEY CO.. Auct’rs.
At private Sale,
Co Hate, weighs 1400. ih*W.
1 l>.gnl., Hubert.' S.l W
1 New York Sam Co.’. sole. noTdtd
Auction Sale of the Library
Ac.i of the late John
A. Foor.
PURSUANT to .lice.ii. Iron, the Judge ol Pro
bate lor Cumberland County, I shall sell at pob.
lie auction, on the 10th day ol November, at 10 a. in,c
At the Kobsi*mf F.O. Bailey Me. V.,
No. IK Exchange st.. the following effects aiul
chattels, so far as not sold previously at private tale;
the office furniture, the Law, Statistical. Historical
and Railroad Library ol the decevsed. embracing
several hundred volumes, which will be open to In
spection at the place of sale daily daring business
hours until sold.
LAURA E. POOH, Administratrix.
F.O. BAILKY 4t CO Auctioneers. no3fd

In Bankruptcy.
Assignee's Sale.
WK shall sell at pab.lc auction, at the auatioa
r <oa» oi F. O. Bailey Co .18 Exchange 8t.
'.T',1*!1' MoU.y, Ih. 13th day Ol Nuv.uitw,
at 12 o'clock Si f
One span Carriage Horses.
une pair rgnt Hjrne**es,
One Work Horse,
One Harness,
One set Double Harnesses,
Oie Cjrryall,
One Buggy Wagon
One Sunshade Carri tge.
One single Jigger,
One double Jigger,
One double Slfigh,
One felugle Sleigh,
Two Wolf Kobe*,
One Pung,
Lot of oM Iron and Rags,
Aboui ICO barrels old Rutiles,
Two hundred Beer and Chtmpague Bottles,
Two Paper Cutters,
One large Platform Scale,
Oue Store Counter,
Two .hare. Pori land Macliia. Steamboat Co.,
Two hundicd shares Maytleld Slate 0«.,
Four shares .Maine State Boiler Co.,
One Watch and Chain.
GEGRGE F. EMERY,
chauler p. mattocks,
Assigin'es in Bankruptcy ot Woodman LiulaJohi*
and Nathan M. Wooawan.
F. O. KAII.1V dfe CO. Aaclleaewa.
Nor 7-dtd
MS. K. HUNT,
Oommisiion Meroluint.'and Aootiomear
NO. 316 Congress st., will sell every evening
large assortment ol Staple and Fancy Moods.
Goods wui be sold during the day ia lota to aal.
purchasers at wholesale luicos. Cash advauced on as
descriptions ol goods. Consignments not limited.
February 11, 1868. dtt
Chesapeake Chios Five Twen
lies Central Pacifies.
Bankinu Office of
FISK. HATCH,
No. 5 Nassau Street, New York*
September 5th, 1871.
Of the Fifteen Million Chesapeake axi>
Ohio Six pkb C»nt. Loan, but about $4,500,OOd
remain unsold, auJ this remainder will be taken uj>
rapidly.
The five years’ option haring expired on all aerie*
of Five-twenty Bonds, except In 1867* and 1868s*
they are liable to be called in lor payment. The re*
demption of 100 millions Five-twenties In coin*
and the purchases by the Government during the
ensuing tour months, with the piemiuin thereon*
will release about. 150 millions of luvestedcapital
independently ol dividend ana interest payments*
the greater part ot which must seek reinvestment.
TbeCUESAPKAKB AND OHIO 8IXK6
have absolutely 30 years to run; are especially do
tiruble tor steady investment*,; and can now be
bought
IT per cent, lvaa than Tea-fartien.
JO per cent, lean Ikon Five-Twrutirs.
J3 per cent, leas ikau tks Six* ef 1881.
an dare equally sure to be paid principal and Inter
est In gold coin. Their amouut is limited by th*
Trust Deed to $15,000,000. Price (at prevent) 93
and accrued interest, that is, with coupon attached*
payable Nov. 1.
»v,ow> Chesapeake and Ohio Bond co6t* to-day
$954.1$.
$503 Chesapeake and Ohio Bond coats to-day
I it— no
#100 Chesapeake and Ohio Bond eoets to-day
#95.42.
Oaly a small amoant of the latter denominations
remains, aud no more can be made. Bonds are In.
coupon or registered form, same as Five-twenties
This debt is created by the Chesapeake and Ob pa
R-broad Company in order more speedily and effect
ually to extend aud compute the main iiue ot their
Road to tho Ohio River. This work—the nao«t Im
portant internal tupronMr«i pa«
greming in ihia cenntry—Is rapidly approach
I ng completion. It will establish another and su
perior line of communication between the Ohio and
Missssippi valleys and the eastern c ties; bringing
ten milllous of people, mainly producers, nearer to
the centres of consumption In the Eastern States
and nearer to the political and commercial capitals
ot their country. Such is the commanding impor
tance of this Trunk L ne that tho larger cities ot tho
West are piojectiug feedtrs to connect with it, so as
to avail themselves ot its unequalled facilities as
soon as it is completed. Large tracts ot va’uablo
coal ar.d iron lands along its routs are passing into
tbo hinds ot practical miners and horn manufac
turers; a large city is springing up at the western
terminus, tho head of reliable navigation on tha
Ohio, where it intersects 12,000 miles ot river tran
sit, and will soon be In connection with 80,000 miles
ol railroad carriage.
The Central Pacific Six Per Cent. Bonds
are as safe for investment as Government bonds.
Their amount fixed by actot Congress at $28,88#,t00,
is secured by property worth lour times their value;
they can ouly bo bought in the open market, and
are becoming scarcer in consequence of their gradual
abiorption by investois here aud iu Europe; they
have m ready market In nil tke principal
nt^ney centres, and have still twenty-tour years
to run; tho earnings ot the road are steadily in
creasing, and will probtbly reach $10,000,000 lor tha
current year, affording a handsome surplus after
payment of expenses and interest. Present pride*
110] to 102.
When the Caesapeake and Ohio Railroad Is com
pleted, In 1872, and the Bonds are dealt in at the
Stock Exebaugeg of the world, we have no doubb
they will be equally popular with the Central Pa—
Dittos. Both principal and interest ol the Centrai*
Pacific and Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds, ar®
specifically payable iu gold coin in New York; tbes
iuterest on tho former being paid January and July*
and ot the latter, May and November, corresponds
iug with the two classes ot Five-twenties,
We recomiceQd either of them to our triends and
customers with the name ceattdcnce that wo
did Ike Vive-Twenty baud*, when we sera
selling millions ot them for the United States .Gov-»
eminent.
We buy and sell Five-twenties, Ten Fortier
jCighty-oneb, and Central or Western Paci
mci, or receive them in payment tor Cues a peak k
and Ohio Bonds at their current market price.
Orders for Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds,accompa
nied with Dralts or Checks, may be forwarded to ua
by moil. Banda or money may be forwarded by any
responsible Express Company at our expense, and
the Chesapeake and Ohio Bouds, in exchange, will
seat by retain Express, charges paid.
FISK A HATCH.
P. S.—Account* of Banks, Bankers and otbott re
ceived, on which we allow Four per Cant, interest.
Certificates ot deposit! Issued and collection made
in all parts ot the Uuion,
JlARVKY PrSK
A. 8. HATCH.
Oct 5-eoJliuw4t
BONDS.
Portland Municipal, O't
Portland Aid It. it.
State ot Maine K’s
St. Louis ft >9
Rockland A Id It. It. «'s
European S. A. It. B. Cold
Portland St Osd. B. K. <loid
Portland Itocheader It. K. 7’*
Chicago
Toledo
FOR SALK BT
8 WAN BARRKTT,
Bankers Brokers,
loo middle
0C» 8S M»iP
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce and Relish
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO UK HA1> OF ALL FIRST CLASS CROCERS
Far Half in l*nrllnnd by
BISE NEVANB.