THE PRESS.
WEDNESDAY MORNING. DEC. 13>1871.
CITY AND VICINITY.
l>cir To-Day.
entertainment COLUMN.
Grand Masquerade and Domino Party—G. W. T.’s.
Dancing Academy—Lancaster Hall.
Fluent Hall—Prof Stone.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
The Ostensible Reason—A. Q. Leach.
State of Maine—Republic Life Insurance Co.
State Temperance Convention at Augusta.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Lost in Portland—Wallet.
Sealed Proposals—J. J. Humphreys.
Stone for Sale—W. C. Cobb.
Slippers—M. G. Palmer.
Oranges—B. W. Jones.
First Class Rooms to Let.
Not ice—E. D. Gammon.
Republic Life Insurance Co—W. T. Brown Co.
U. 8. District Court.
BEFORE JUDGE FOX.
Tuesday.—United States vs. James McCarthy.
Assault with intent to kill at the Togus Military Asy
lum. Verdict, guilty of an assault merely.
Webb. Reed Whitehouse.
The second indictment against McCarthy is now on
trial.
Superior Court.
DECEMBER CIVIL TERM, LAKE, J., PRESIDING.
Tuesday.—Enoch L. Deering vs. Inhabitauts of
Scarboro. Action to recover damages for injuries al
leged to have been sustained by reason of a defect in
the highway at what is kuown as Mill Brook bridge,
iu the town of Scarboro.
Plaintiff says in May last lie was driving over this
road at a moderate trot when his wagon wheel dropped
into a “wash-out” a foot in depth, and in the trav
eled part of the road, throwing him out upon the
ground, whereby his head was cut, his collar bone
fractured and his limbs bruised. Damages claimedt
$5000.
Defendants say that the plaintiff" was not in the ex
ercise of ordinary care, iu that lie was driving at a
very rapid rate of speed, which contributed to pro
duce the accident. Evidence for defence in progress.
Eastman. Howard Cleaves.
municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Tuesday.—John H. Palmer was sent to jail for
thirty days for larceny.
Ansley Witt was committed in default of $5 and
costs—the expense of a drunk.
William Driscoll and Dennis Lynch were fined $5
and one half costs each for drunkenness and disturb
ance.
Edward K. Brooks was fined $50 and costs for scl
ling liquor. Howard Cleaves.

Brief Jottings.
Rev. S. H. McCollister, formerly of the
Westbrook Seminary, has been elected Superin
tendent of Schools at Nashua, N. H.
Conundrum.—Why is it when eggs are 40
cents a dozen, every dozen bought contains
from three to five defective ones? Tisn’t so
when they arc sold at 18 cents.
Miss Carleton of Portland has become a teach
er in the High School at Concord.
An important meeting by the stockholders of
kuo luiiiduu aim AVUGuester ramuau. win ue
held in this city to-day.
The Wolfe Tone Association will give their
first annual ball at Lancaster Hall on Wednes
day evening the 27th inst.
The most prudent dealers advertise their
Christmas goods in the Press.
The special meeting of the Boston and Maine
Railroad Company is to be held at the station
at South Berwick junction this morning, to act
on propositions for the extension of the Road
from that point to this city.
In the contribution at the First Parish church
Sunday evening for the Portland Benovelent
Society was a counterfeit $10. It was not
counted. Twelve dollars have since been hand
ed to the Treasurer, making the whole contri
bution $163.
The G. W. T. Association has a masquerade
and domino party at Lancaster Hall on Friday
evening.
A petition at the Merchants’ Exchange ask
ing Congress to repeal the duties on salt seems
to be a popular document.
The ball to be given by the printers Christ
mas night is not private in the strict sense of
word, but the committee will use the utmost
discretion in the sale of tickets, thus ensuring a
first-class dauce.
Steamship Hibernian from this port has ar
rived out.
Bidwell Wilkinson’s dramatic company
will play at Music Hall, Thursday and Friday
evenings of this week. With the company are
Miss Dollie Bidwell and Mr. Wallace Britton.
The rumor yesterday that the Rockland sailor
who was sent to the pest house with the small
pox, was dead, was incorrect at a late hour last
night. The man was then alive but very sick.
Arthur Libby, who was liberated from the
Workhouse yesterday morning, where he had
served a term for vagrancy, was in the lock-up
again at night. Arthur is true to his habits as
the needle is to the pole.
The Ariel and Alcyon Boat Clubs give an
assembly at Lancaster Hall this evening. This
is the second of the course.
Caleb B. Lord, Esq., was confirmed Tuesday
as Assessor of Internal Revenue for this dis
trict
New Music.—From Hawes Cragin we
have received the following new music, from
the publishing house of Ditson, Boston; Cleans
ing Fires, a ballad by Virginia Gabriel. The
Blooming Rose Mazurka, by Edw. Hoffman.
The Queen of Love; song by Gounod, sung by
Miss Addie Ryan. Spring Flowers Mazurka,
by Mattiozi, (Published by G. D. Russell
Co.). Nobody Cares for Me; song and chorus,
by William Adrian Smith. (Published by White
Jtr froiillnrfl Urtstim TTna Rplinttisrho liv
Louis Erhard (Published by Beuham Bros., In
dianapolis.) Carols for Christmas and Easter,
a little book which will find buyers at this time.
The Musical Treasure; a new book which will
be a most acceptable holiday present, and is in
deed a treasure, being tilled with sparkling
songs, duets, quartettes, rondos, polkas, polka
mazurkas, schottisches, quadrilles, galops,
inarches, four-hand pieces, all of the best qual
ity. Hawes Cragin have a fine display of
folios and wrappers, handsomely bound, music
books, &c., suitable for holiday gifts.
The Thomas Concert.—The Boston Post of
yesterday has the following resume of Mr. Tho
mas’s visit to that city:
The eight concerts which Mr. Thomas has
given here are conceded on all sides to have
been among the finest musical treats ever en
joyed in the city. A great variety of selections
has been performed, including much that was
wholly new and very interesting. The man
ner of the performance cannot be. too highly
commended. Each member of the orchestra
plays like an artist, and the effect of the
whole upon the ear is like that of a per
fect painting or piece of statuary upon the
eye. Too much praise cannot be bestowed up
on the talented and persevering conductor for
his untiring efforts in the interest of art. His
success has been certainly great, but no greater
than deserved. The soloists—notably Miss
Krebs—have added much to the charm of tho
entertainments, and they, as well as the entire
company, will be heartily welcomed on the oc
casion of their next fiyiug visit.
Bcrglary.—About 2 o’clock Tuesday morn
ing Mrs. Jabez Dyer, who resides on State St.,
heard a man walking stealthily in the entry,
apparently going towards the room where her
son slept. She got up and went out into the
entry and then saw the man, who had doubt
less been frightened by her movements, going
uunii Plane. lie uau a UiUa IdUWUU ill XUB
hand the light from which was plainly seen on
the banisters, and appeared to have slippers on
his feet. He continued down stairs, and made
his escape out of the door he opened. Mrs. Dyer
raised the window and gave the alarm but the
burglar had made good his escape. How he got
into the house is not known, but it is supposed
he stepped in when the outside door was open
and concealed himself till he supposed all the
inmates of the house were asleep and then com
menced his search for valuables.
The Alumni Association of the Portland
High School held its regular monthly meeting
last evening at the Common Council Chamber,
a goodly number being present. Various mat
ters of business were transacted. A committee
was appointed to ascertain the names of all
past graduates, and to interest them in the work
of the association. The literary exercises were
interesting and evinced talent of no mean or
der. A paper was read composed of original
articles, in prose and poetry, by six mem
bers. Mrs. McCobb gave a fine reading from
Whittier. The meeting then adjourned to the
second Tuesday in January.
Arrival of a Steamer.—Steamship Prus
sian, Capt. Dutton, from Liverpool 30th ult.,
arrived yesterday afternoon, bringing 19 cabin,
7 intermediate and 130 steerage passengers.—
She was found to have brought a slight case of
varioloid, but the patient, Capt. Simmons of
Kennebunk, had reached convalescence, and
and the disorder was beyond the period of con
tagion. As a measure of double safety, how
ever, he was taken to the pest house last night
Mr. C. P. Kimball has recently got up 8ome
new style sleighs, single and double, that he
facetiously calls the “New Departure.” They
are both elegant and stylish, and must we think
take with the people. He will light up his re
pository this evening and we hope our people
will step in and see his elegant array of sleighs,
F. O. B ailee Co. will sell at salesroom this
morning at 10 o’eloek, furniture, carpets, &c.—
Bee auction column.
Art Items.—Hale lias just put ou exhibition
ill his gallery a new marine view, by John E.C.
Peterson, a rising New York artist, entitled
The Rescue. 'It represents in the middle dis
tance a barque with her mainsail hove aback
and boat just lowering to rescue a crew of ship
wrecked sailors who are showing a signal from
a raft in the left foreground. The vessel is
slightly careened under the influence of the
backing of the sails, showing the range of her
decks, while the angry clouds and leaden hori
zon betoken a coming storm and that the res
cue is just in time to save life. The treatment
of the sombre waves, reflecting the dark clouds,
is excellent, and the drawing of the vessel is
very fine. Close by it are a picture of Choco
rua, by Gerry, and a scene in Franconia Notch,
sketched near Rogers’s, about eight miles from
the Glen. It gives Mount Washington on the
left, towering up close at hand.
Schumacher has secured for his gallery two
of Harry Brown’s pictures, the first finished by
him since his return from Europe. One is a
scene in Venice, on the Grand Canal. It has
the clear Italian sky and soft dreamy atmos
phere of that famous clime, and the artist has
carried out the detail of the retreating buildings
with charming fidelity, and has produced a fine
perspective. The companion piece is a French
coast scene, sketched from nature, with a steam
er lying in a little jetty in a severe storm which
lashes the waves to fury, and makes the deso
late little village more forbidding. It is one of
Harry’s own foreign experiences transferred to
canvas, with inimitable grace. The subject is
of course one of that class that he is accustomed
to depicting, and while Brown treats it exceed
ingly well, one turns to his Venise with admir
ation, for here he has undertaken a new order
of work, and the beholder loves to study its
varying lights and shadows, and admire it for
its warmth of color and comprehensiveness of
scenery. In the same group are three pictures
from Goupil’s, New York—both of Adirondac
scenery; one by Lawrie and the other by Fuech
sei, e w i ora artists. Jtsetween mem is a pret
ty little French genre picture, containing two
well-drawn figures. There is also a nice little
picture of Island Pond 20 years ago—an autumn
scene. It vividly recalls the time when we first
saw the Pond, twenty years ago, at the same
season of the year, when the forests were rich
in their gorgeous colors. It will recall to many
others similar recollections.
The Cadets’ Drill and Dance.—Our Port
land Cadets may throw down the glove with
impunity to any military organization in the
State, and they may, without fear, challenge
New England to competition, for if they were
beaten, it would be by so small a mark as to be
hardly perceptible. Of the exhibition last night
it may be said that it was, as near as possible,
perfection. The programme, after the grand
introductory march by the company, was as
follows: School of the Company—Marching in
line of battle; wheeling; obliquing in line;
forming column from line of battle; obliquing
in column; forming line from column; forming
column of fours to the front; front into line;
breaking fours to rear; marching in retreat;
march by twos; double time and single rank
drill; manual of arms and firing; bayenet ex
ercise: drill bv the color mlard: silent manual
and bayonet. The marching, filing and evolu
tions in line were admirable; the young men
moving with a quickness and steadiness of po
sition that was more like a piece of combined
mechanism than individual action. In the man
ual and bayonet exercise, both by and without
the word, the time was accuracy itself, and
whether the drill was performed in squad or
singly, it was the same. The color guard—half
a dozen of the youngest lads, under command
of .a sergeant—rivalled their taller comrades iu
the perfection of their movements. Both, offi
cers and privates won great praise by last night’s
exhibition. They have shown themselves to be
good soldiers. After the drill was concluded
the floor was given up to the dancers. A very
large company of gentlemen and ladies were
present, and a large committee of the Cadets
did the honors of the evening splendidly. An
order of seventeen dances was prepared, which
was sufficient to satisfy everybody wljo loves
dancing. The full Portland Band of twenty
pieces furnished the music during the drill, and
Chandler’s orchestra of fifteen instruments of
ficiated at the dance.
The Haydn-Thomas Concert.—The great
concert of the Haydn Association next week
promises to be a grand gala night for Portland;
in fact a great musical festival for this part of
the State. A large number of tickets have been
sold in Bath, Brunswick, Freeport, and Yar
mouth, and an excursion train will come in
from those places; there will also lie, doubtless,
quite a number from Gorham, Saco and Bidde
ford, as well as other places along the line of
the Rochester road; and although nearly all the
seats have been engaged, yet there are a few
good ones left, and we understand that the
“Haydns” will use every effort to try and seat
the vast multitude that now promises to be
present on the occasion, and seats may be had
after the settees are full,by placing chairs in the
aisles, and preparations will be made to occupy
the balcony in the rear of the gallery—finally
we would advise all who ar% intending to go to
secure their seats at once as the concert will
commence early in consequence of the variety
and length of the programme.
Prof. Stone.—This gentleman began the
fifth week of his success at Fluent Hall last
evening. There was a large audience present,
among whom were a number of the most criti
cal gentlemen and ladies of Portland, who are
anxious to investigate fully, if possible, the
cause of the Professor’s wonderful power. The
amusement given by the subjects on the plat
form was great, and some people, who would
about as soon have a tooth drawn from them as
a laugh, were completely “influenced.” The
The Professor has quite a promising class study
ing the mystery. It embraces quite a number
of our most influential lawyers, who may pos
sibly hope to become completely irresistible
with a jury by the aid of'Prof. Stone’s art.
Sundry rumors were current yesterday that
several citizens were down with the small pox,
but we cannot find any foundation for the re
ports. No cases have been officially reported.
If a person is confined to the house by any of
the trivial disorders common to the season, an
excited sentiment magnifies the disorders to a
virulent disease. A little caution in regard to
the circulation of false reports should be ob
served for the good of the community.
Masonic.—At the annual meeting of Port
land Council, R. S. M.; on Monday evening,
the following officers were elected: F. E. Chase,
T. I. M.; John Porteous, It. L M.; George \V.
Reed, I. M.; Charles Fobes, Treasurer; Joseph
H. Wentworth, Recorder.
M. L. A.—Hon. David A. Wells, the lecturer
in the Mercantile Library course this evening,
was formerly special Commissioner of the Rev
enue, and it is natural to expect that the sub
ject of his lecture will be on a governmental
topic with which he has a thorough knowledge.
A Reminiscence.—Within a few years past
there assembled at a retail store in the western
part of this city many men, who bore cogno
mens relative to their various business pursuits.
They would smoke, crack jokes, and express
their opinions on any subject with as much en
thusiasm as a lawyer would on any important
caSc pending in court. The chief of this com
pany was called “Lieutenant General,” always
in the saddle and good spirits. There were
“Hoops,” “Greenbacks,” “Sugar,” “Mackerel,”
“Pills,” “Shoes,” “Clothing,” and “Specta
cles.” Mr. “Hoops” being strongly opposed to
“Lieutenant General” in politics, it was amus
ing to the other parties to criticise the two opin
ions; one word was sufficient to commence the
battle. The others would listen, undecided
which would gain the victory, until a word from
“Spectacles” behind the counter would burst
the bubble, and a roar of laughter would end
the contest for that evening.
Some one now proposes to bring out the
checker-board, and have “Hoops” and “Sugar”
play “SpeetMips” gets it, and smiles when he
feels the “ni™ls” in his hand. They com
mence, and the outsiders look on with great in
terest. Advice is given gratis on all sides.
“That move will kill you!” “That move will
give you the gout for life!” “Hold on! hold on;
let me see, &c!” until the close; then some one
will ask “Hoops” which came out best, the in
variable answer is “about even.” “Shoes” is
blessed with a powerful imagination; walk
ing one. day in Boston, he noticed a placard in
a window of “California Beet!” and the size of
the wonder can’t be beat—en; he says that it
was the circumference of a stove funnel, and
as long as the height of that room, which was
ten feet l
“Lieutenant General” some years since, while
in business in York county, became indebted to
the late Judge G-. The settlement was not
quite satisfactory to the “General,” but he
knew it would all come out right. During the
fall the Judge wished to sell the “General”
some apples, and he offered him twenty-five
cents per basket, and the Judge accepted it; in
due time a cart containing from ten to twenty
bushels of apples was sent to him, and the cart
man asked to have them measured by a basket
as instructed. Now the “General” had a good
chance to get the joke on the Judge, so lie got
a basket that would hold about fifteen bushel?
and tipped all the apples into it! Soon after the
Judge asked him now many baskets of apples
there were. "One basket,” was the reply. “One
basket?” asked the Judge in amazement.
'Yes, sir; please step this way and see the ap
ples and basket.” The Judge soon saw the ap
ples, basket andy'oike.
company is now scattered, and when
me store was nothing remains to tell the tale.
Tiffany.
BY TELEGRAPH.
XLIID CONGRESS-SECOND SESSION.
SENATE.
Washington, Dec. 12.—The resolution ad
journing from Dec. 21st to Jan. 8th was adopt
ed.
Mr. Morton, at his own request, was relieved
from serving on the Agricultural Committee.
Mr. Morton moved to take up his resolution
for a final adjournment on the third Monday of
May.
Mr. Sumner moved a proviso that there he no
adjournment till after the passage of the sup
plementary civil rights hill.
Mr. Shurz moved to amend by adding the
bill reducing the tariff, internal taxation, and a
reform of the civil service.
Mr. Wilson moved to postpone its considera
tion and take up the bill for compensation of
certain government laborers in Massachusetts,
under the eight hour law.
Mr. Wright moved to appropriate two mil
lions for the purpose of paying balances which
may lie found due under the act to indemnify
States for war expenditures.
Mr. Sumner supported Mr. Wilson’s motion,
but without action the Senate went into execu
tive session and adjourned.
HOUSE.
Several bills were referred.
Mr. Herndon was sworn in from Texas.
_ Mr. Dawes’ resolution directing an investiga
tion of the management of the various execu
tive departments was adopted.
The bill consolidating' the Postal laws was
passed.
A bill fixing the first Monday of Nov. 1872,
for the Presidential election was reported from
the Judiciary Committee.
The House Committee on Banks to-day dis
cussed the resumption of specie payments. A
sub-committee will be appointed to consider the
several propositions, but it is not possible that
definite action will lje taken by the entire com
mittee until after the holidays. The bill was
postponed.
WASHINGTON TREATY APPROPRIATION.
Mr. Banks, of Massachusetts, from the For
eign Committee, reported a hill appropriating a
quarter of millions of dollars for the General
Conference on the treaty of Washington. He
said after the holidays there would be the full
est opportudity to debate the terms of the
treaty, especially on the fisheries in which his
colleague, Mr. Butler reit mucn interest, tt
was an important appropriation and ought to
be immediately passed as the case on behalf of
this country will be presented at Geneva next
Saturday.
Mr. Banks bill was referred to the Commit
tee of the Whole.
The House in Committee discussed the appo
tionment bill, but rose without action.
On motion of Mr. Townsend, of Pennsylva
nia, the Secretary of Treasury was instructed
to report whether any of the National Banks in
New York, were concerned in promoting arti
ficial scarcity of money loaned.
Mr. Myers of Pennsylvania, introduced a bill
for better detection and prevention of frauds in
the naval service. Referred.
Adjourned.
WASHINGTON,
THE TEXAS CONGRESSMEN.
Washington, Dec. 12.—The election com
mittee have decided that Clark (Republican),,
and Herndon (Democrat), are entitled to seats
in the House from Texas.
THE NATIONAL ASYLUM FOR SOLDIERS.
The reports made at a meeting cf the mana
gers of the National Asylum for disabled sol
diers show that over 4000 veterans are now
cared for and new men are coming in at the
rate of one hundred per week and will soon tax
the Asylums to their utmost capacity. A large
amount of detailed business was done by the
board.
STEAMBOAT INTERESTS.
The Executive Committee of the National
Steamboat Men’s Convention are here for the
purpose of taking preliminary steps to revise
the steamboat laws. The draft prepared by the
sub-committee at Pittsburg, Nov. 21st, was pre
sented to Congress yesterday by Gen. Negley.
The committee find that Congressmen general
ly favor the desired change in the laws.
SENATE CAUCUS.
Republican Senators held a caucus this af
ternoou on tbe subject of revival of the commit
tee on retrenchment and civil service reform.—
The debate was free and unrestrained, both in
a national and party view. The question was
not disposed of.
AN OFFICIAL CALL.
The House Foreign Committee, by appoint
ment, paid an official visit to the Secretary of
State to-day. Gen. Banks expressed the friend
ly salutations of the committee to which Sir.
Fish cordially replied.
THE CENSUS.
The entire expense of the census was S3,287,
600.
THE TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs will not
act on Gen. Banks’ bill to carry into effect' that
part of the Treaty of Washington relative to
the fisheries until after the holidays, but an
effort will be made previously to pass the Up
propriation of a quarter of a million for the ex
penses of the tribunal of arbitration of Geneva.
MORMON MATTERS.
Delegate Hooper returns to Utah next week.
He favors the formation of a State Constitu
tion acceptable to Congress, preliminary to the
action of that body upon the admission of Utah.
REPORT OF THE STATISTICAL BUREAU.
The annual report of the Statistical Bureau
shows that the value of imports for direct con
sumption for the year ending June 30tu, was
$270,967,025: withdrawn from warehouse $188,
630,031; free of duty $59,102,4(>0; additional
and discriminating duties $461,098; total $518,
759,518. Till' duty thereon is $202,4'0,073.
EXEMPTION CALLED FOB.
Senator West to-day introduced a measure
looking to exemption from duty of all bagging
and iron ties used in baling cotton. He says
th s would be equivalent to a premium by the
government of one dollar per bale, and no doubt
would stimulate the production.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
THE DEMOCRATIC STATE CONVENTION.
Concord, Dec. 12.—A meeting of the State
Committee and delegates to the Democratic
State Convention to be held here to-morrow,
was held to-night at the Eagle Hotel. The ses
sion was spent m discussing the political pros
pects of the party in the approaching cam
paign, prominent men from different sections
of the State being present and expressing their
views of the situation, which they deem favor
able to the party. Gov. Weston will probably
be re-nominated. Henry Colony, of Keene, is
spoken of as Railroad Commissioner.
MASSACHUSETTS.
ALEXIS VISITS THE SCIIOOL8 AND GIVES GOOD
ADVICE BY PROXY.
Boston, Dec. 12.—To-day Duke Alexis with
members of his suite, including Admiral Pois
set, and accompanied by School Superintendent
Philbrick, visited several of the public schools.
The ordinary school exercises and selections in
music were rendered much to the apparent
gratification of the distinguished visitors. Af
ter the exercises, Mr. Macliin briefly addressed
the school on behalf of the Duke, and gave
them" some excellent advice. The Duke ap
peared highly interested in the schools, and re
quested the Superintendent to favor him with
some of the school statistics, reports, and rules
and regulations, which Mr. Philbrick agreed to
do. In the evening the Duke visited Globe
Theatre and witnessed Miss Cushman’s presen
tation of Queen Catharine.
THE PROGRAMME.
The following is the Grand Duke’s proposed
route: Leaving Boston Thursday morning via
Lowell and Concord, N. H., for Montreal, ar
riving there Friday, and remaining till .Monday,
leave for Ottawa, Tuesday for Toronto, leaving
Toronto Friday, 22d, in the morning for Niaga
ra, leaving Niagara Saturday morning arriving
at Buffalo at 11 o’clock a. m. Tuesday, 26tli,
l__m_1_J m_j_nniL i\.a_.:a.
leaves Saturday, 30th, for Chicago. In case of
the Prince of Wales death the route may be
changed.
FIRE.
There was a fire to-night in the large brick
building of the Bay State Moulding Mills of
J. F. Paul, Tremont street. Damage about
85000; insured.
PENNS1XVANIA.
NO REDUCTION OF WAGES.
Scranton, Dec. 12.—The coal companies of
Lackawana Valley have determined to make
no reduction in wages for the new year, and no
suspension of mining operations is probable.
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE.
A fire in Honesdale, Wave county, this after
noon, destroyed the hardware store of Hartley
Rogers, Howe’s flour store, Brady’s drug
store and Colt’s shoe store. Loss $50,000; in
sured.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
KU KLUX TRIALS.
Columbia, Dec. 12.—In the United States
Circuit Court to-day R. Hayes Mitchell, of
York, was arraigned under the Ku Klux law on
a charge of conspiracy. The jury consists of
two whites and ten blacks.
GEORGIA.
SERIOUS CONFLICT BETWEEN THE GOVERNOR
AND LEGISLATURE.
New York, Dec. 12.—An Atlanta dispatch
states that a conflict has arisen between the
Legislature and Gov. Conley, the latter declin
ing to recognize the right of the former to ex
tend the session beyond the legal forty days,
which expired Sunday. Yesterday the Gover
nor removed the United States flag from the
capital, and instructed the Treasurer not to pay
the members. It was rumored at midnight that
the President would support the Governor
against the Legislature. Both Houses meet to
day.
NORTH CAROLINA.
LEGISLATIVE EXCITEMENT OVER THE KU-KLUX
ARRESTS.
New York, Dec. 12.—A Raleigh dispatch
states that both branches of the Legislature
held an excited dehate upon the recent arrests
for alleged Ku-Kluxism. The General Assem
bly yesterday passed a joint resolution author
izing the State Attorney to apply to the Su
preme Court of the United States for a writ of
habeas corpus to test the legality of imprison
ment of citizens by military authority.
INDIANA.
A POOR RAILROAD.
Indianapolis, Dee. 12.—The receiver of the
Indianapolis, Cincinnati Lafayette Railroad
has been authorized by the Court to borrow
money to pay all the interest due on bonds is
sued prior to lKti!); also to pay the interest that
will accrue until the sale of the road.
ILLINOIS.
EXPLOSION AND LOSS of LIFE.
Oairo, Dec. 12.—A locomotive attached to
the water train on the Illinois Central Railroad
exploded last night near Centralia. Hanck,
engineer; Bremington, fireman, and a brake
man were killed.
NEW YORK.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
New York, Dee. 12.—It is rumored that the
17iiion Square Bank lias suspended.
John Hartley and Frederick Salle, merchants
of this city, were arrested with nearly three
thousand yards of silk in their possession,which
they smuggled from Canada into Michigan.
The failures of the cotton firms of W. P.
Wright Co. of Leaycroft, consequent upon
the lock-up of money are announced.
It is stated that both Tweed and Cornelius
Carson, both members of the Ring, were direct
ors of the Ocean Bank, which has materially
injured its credit of late. Callender, the hank
examiner states that its assets are ample and
that it will pay its liabilities. S. G. Davis is
receiver.
A deputation of internationals waited on the
Police Commissioners this forenoon in relation
to a parade next Sunday, but as there was no
quorum, an answer was deferred till this eve
ning
Garrotcrs commenced their winter campaign
in Brooklyn last night, nearly murdering and
robbing a citizen.
TRIAL OF COUNTERFEITERS.
In the trial of Miner, the counterfeiter, to
day, Cole swore to numerous sales of counter
feit money made to him by miner,oue of which,
in June last, was of 824,000 iu counterfeit 10’s,
for which Cole gave Miner 81900. The sale
took place in Miner’s house, where Miner’s
wife lay dead.
TAMMANY ABROAD.
The Times prints a letter from W. E. Dodge,
who is in Europe, giving the impression abroad
regarding American affairs. He says that the
Tammany “ring” is as notorious there as here,
and if Tweed and his associates escape punish
ment our form of government will lose much of
its power abroad. The Erie scandals have caus
ed a loss of many millions in investing Ameri
can securities, and he urges New Yorkers to re
claim their city from disgrace.
THE BUSY PETER B.
The present management of the department
of public parks have discovered from the rec
ords that in the eighteen months during which
Peter B. Sweeney was President of the Com
mission, 89,000,000 were squandered, being a
million in excess of the total expended on parks
during the thirteen years of the administration
of Col. Stebbins.
It is rumored that Sweeney is preparing to
leave the city and detectives are said to be
closely watching his movements.
COTTON FAILURES.
Another cotton failure, that of Schaefer
Co., is reported, amount unknown. Wright
Co. place their liabilities at 899,000, and are
ready to settle at 90 per cent The failures are
owing to the sudden advance in the price, while
dealers are hampered with contracts. The ru
mor affects the solvency of other firms, but as
the staple was declining at the close to-day it is
hoped the worst is over. The appreciation in
value is owing to a rise in Liverpool under a
scant supply and fears of a short crop.
RUMORS DENIED.
The rumor of the suspension of Union Square
Bank is unfounded. The officers deny any em
barrassment The report originated in fact
of clearances made through the Ocean Bank.—
The officers of the latter bank deny that Tweed
is one of the directors. The clearing house
statement shows liabilities on last Saturday to
be $2,258,600. The proper legal reserve is $564,
725, against which the bank held only $330,000
legal tenders.
THE PARADE OF THE INTERNATIONALS.
It is generally believed that the police com
missioners adhere to their former decision re
garding the internationalists parade, and that
the Governor refuse to interfere.
ATTEMPT TO ROB A BANK.
There was a daring unsuccessful attempt to
rob the Ferry street Savings’s Bank this fore
noon by the noted Dutch Henrichs and Alex
Mason. The latter is of Baltimore. The
thieves escaped.
small pox.
There have been 62 new cases of small pox
since Saturday and 7 deaths.
MORE ABOUT THE SUNDAY PARADE.
The committee of internationalists waited on
the police commissioners this afternoon to ask
permission to parade on next Sunday in honor
of Rossel. Mayor Hall, hy virtue of his office,
a member of the board, was not present, but
sent a communication saying that he would be
glad to meet the internationalists at a meeting.
This suggestion the committee declined to en
tertain The commissioners refused permis
sion for the demonstration without giving any
explanation. A committee of internationists
leave for Albany to-night to wait on Gov. Hoff
man.
AS BAD AS TAMMANY.
At the Rdpublican primary to-night in the
3d Assembly district, two of Foley’s men at
tempted to vote in the names of 'two colored
men. Being challenged they insisted on de
positing the vote and two lines of voters were
formed and blows exchanged. A number of
me urn w era men rusnea in wicn tne intention
of breaking up the election and the police
cleared the hall and carried ofi the boxes to
headquarters.
IRREGULAR LAWYERS.
The liar association to-night appointed a com
mittee to prefer charges in the Supreme Court
against Morgan and H annalian, attorneys, for
irregular conduct in the Superior Court
NEBRASKA.
A TERRIBLE AFFAIR—SEVENTEEN PERSON*
FROZEN TO DEATH.
St. Louis, Dec. 12.—A gentleman who ar
rived in Kansas City on Saturday informed the
Times that on the Sunday previous a terrible
affair occurred in Saline county, Nebraska. A
party of emigrants were passing througli the
county westward when the cold constantly in
creasing, they concluded to camp. They were
on-a piece of high prairie, several miles from
any house, but tffree miles from them was a
piece of timber land. After unhitching their
teams the men started to procure fuel. Not re
turning for several hours the women left the
children and started to hunt them up. The
next day the bodies of seventeen persous who
perished from the intense cold were found. The
children left in the wagons were the only sur
vivors.
FOREIGN.
GREAT BRITAIN.
The Prince Still Alive.
Symptoms Continue Favorable.
Tuesday's bulletins.
London, Dec. 12, 2 P. M.—The Prince of
Wales is still living. The official bulletins pub
lished to-day are as follows
Sandrinr/ham, Dec. 12, 8 A. M.—The Prince
of Wales had a very restless night The de
lirium was constant. There are no signs of
improvement.
Sandringham, Dec. 12, noon.—The Prince has
been restless all the morning. His condition is
unaltered.
MORE FAVORABLE INDICATIONS.
London, Dec. 12.—Five o’clock.—There are
rumors that incidents have occurred at Sand
ringham, indicating a favorable condition of
affairs.’ Nothing definite has yet been given to
the public and the report is given with caution.
HOPE OF A FAVORABLE TURN.
London, Dec. 12.—7 P. M.—Private and un
official advices from Sandringham and Wind
sor, received by Central Press Agency hold out
some slight hope of a favorable turn in the
Prince’s disease. The patients voice remains
strong, a proof that nature is not completely
exqausteu. Preparations which were making
against an unfavorable result are relaxing._
Telegrams sent from Sandringham to Windsor
are more reassuring, and the hopes of the roy
al household at the castle were raised this after
noon.
Sandringham, Dec. 12.—10P. if.—The Prince
passed an unquiet evening, but his prostration
UUfS null lllUAtTlVSC.
By a private despatch from Col. Ponsonby
the Princess Alexandra is almost constantly by
the bedside of her husband. When she is
compelled to retire for rest her place is supplied
by the Princess Alice. The Queen rema ns at
Sandringham. The non-conformist education
al conference whicn was to have benn held at
Manchester, is postponed on account of the
illiuess of the Prince.
THE LATEST.
Lonpon, Dec. 13.—(5 A. M.—An official des
patch from Sandringham this morning savs
that the condition of the Prince of Wales ‘is
without alteration. The Prince takes food and
stimulents, and has been twice lucid at inter
vals, but sleep is badiy wanted. His condition
however is somewhat more hopeful. At a meet
ing of Welshmen last night a vote was passed
expressing condolence with the Queen and
Princess Alezandria. All festivities have been
postponed.
A cable telegram announcing that prayers
were offered in America for the recovery of the
Prince, was well received by the English press.
RAILROAD ACCIDENT.
By a railroad accident near Sheffield this eve
uing, one man was killed and many injured.
TELEGRAPH STRIKE A FAILURE.
The strike of the telegraphers is beginning to
break up. The employes at one important
point have already resumed work.
FRANCE.
THE CROWN JEWELS.
Paris, Dec. 12.—The National Assembly to
day adopted 281) to 277 a recommendation from
a committee for the alienation to the state of
the crown jewels.
CUBA,
REINFORCEMENTS FROM SPAIN.
Havana, Dec. 12.—Henceforward regular
troops will garrison Morro, Cabana and Princi
ple torts. In view of the arrival of reinforce
ments from Spain, the Captain General con
siders it just to relieve the volunteers from this
arduous service. He thanks them for the man
ner in which they have performed their duties
in garrison during the jiast two years. Spaiu
will send to Cuba this month four battalions of
troops from the regular army, besides 10,01)0 re
inforcements to follow within one year.
GAMBLING TO BE SUPPRESSED.
Senor Moreno, the new Governor of Havana,
will begin the work of suppressing gambling
houses. He will personally superintend the
war against them. He has already closed two
gambling establishments.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
SHIP LOST WITH THE CREW.
Halifax, Dec. 12.—The ship Tanquai, of
Greenock, was wrecked off Cape Briton and all
hands lost.
FEELING RESPECTING PRINCE OF WALES
Toronto, Dec. 12.—The excitement regard
ing the Prince of Wales is intense and the pa
pers are issuing extras every half hour. There
will be no public demonstration on the arrival
of the Grand Duke. He will be received pri
vately by the Corporation Committee.
Qrebec, Dec. 12.—Two mail carriers of the
Island of Oeleans were drowned by breaking
through the ice while on their way to Quebeo,
on Saturday.
Foreign Items.
The election in Spain Monday was not for the
Cortes, but for the municipal councils.
A Rio Janeiro letter states that the recent
difficulties in Paraguay between the President
and Congress grew out of the attempted ap
poiutment of an unpopular minister anil occur
red in the Hall of Congress. The people took
part in the quarrel and several were killed and
wounded. Many of the disaffected were for
merly with Lopez.
TELEGBAPIHC ITEMS.
A Salt Lake despatch says the weather is
mud and the roads are open.
In Providence, Tuesday morning, William H.
Foster dropped dead in the street of heart dis
case. _ A son and daughter of Mr. Foster per
ished in the Revere disaster last summer.
Jullien, the musician, has absconded from
New York with the proceeds of the late concert
and hall to the Grand Duke and owing his mu
sicians $7000.
In Salt Lake City some twenty men and wo
men arrested in a house of ill fame and who
were lined a hundred dollars each, havo appeal
ed to the United States courts.
Onslow Gilman’s house and outbuildings in
Thornton, N. H., were burned Friday. Loss
$3000.
.The contractors' train on the Northern Pa
cific Itailroad ran off the track. Geo. A. Brack
ett, a contractor, had his leg broken and anoth
er named D. C. Shepard had his shoulder dis
located.
The Ocean Bank of New York, in which
Tweed was a director, has exploded and its bills
are thrown out at the Clearing House.
A preliminary meeting of the members of
the Geneva conference takes place at once for
the ratifications of the powers of the arbitra
tors. England offered to dispense with this
but our government insisted on it.
Eight children in the Orphan Asylum in
Brooklyn, and a reporter, were attacked by
small-pox, Monday, anil sent to the hospital.
A young girl belonging to Ware, Mass., was
taken charge of by the New Y'ork police to-day
and will be returned home.
John Pettit and Izzy Lazarus, convicted of
illegal registration in New York, have been
sentenced respectively to two and a half and
one year in the State prison.
It appears that Samuel Wallace, who was
arrested in New Y’ork as a swindler, was a col
onel in Sherman’s army, and is held on charge
of uttering a forged check.
Kelley and Gormeple, convicted murderers at
Buffalo, N. Y., have been respited to January
12th.
Some citizens of the town of Eron, Ohio,
Monday unsuccessfully attempted to lynch two
murderers who were arrested for killing Ed
ward Cummings last week.
A railway bridge on the Indianapolis Rail
road, south of Conuersville, Ind., was burned
this morning. Loss, $12,000.
Win. Hall, who was drowned in New York,
Saturday, was a respected citizen of Lawrence,
l^ass. It is supposed that lie fell from the
wharf while passing to the boat to return home.
Michael McMahon, of Lowell, age 30, was
killod Tiii»«flav hv falli n<r nn/lpr a nor nr.m
being shoved on a side track.
Botts, who was to be hung on the 21st inst.,
for the murder of Pet Halstead, has been re
prieved by Gov. Randolph till Jan. 20th.
J. Moreau, of San Jose, Cal., has been con
victed of rape on a young Spanish girl whom he
put under the influence of chloroform.
The boarding-house of A. L. W.G. Brown,
lumber manufacturers, Whitefield, N. H., was
burned Tuesday afternoon. Loss, $3000; insur
ed for $2000.
Among the confirmations made by the Sen
ate, yesterday, was those of the nominations of
Gen. Arthur as Collector of New York, Mr.
Bancroft, Minister to the German Empire, and
John W. Douglass as Internal Revenue Com
missioner.
The attempt to construe the opposition of the
Republican Senators to Mr. Trumbull’s Re
trenchment Committee resolution into hostility
to the civil service reform or the desire of the
administration to conceal frauds, is a lawyer’s
trick. The opposition arises from a difference
of opinion coucearning means, not ends.
METEOROLOGICAL.
SYNOPSIS OF WEATHER REPORTS FOR THE PAST
TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
War Dep’t, Office Chief Signal
Officer, Washington, I). C., J
Dec. 12 (7.00 P. M.) 1
Probabilities—The barometer will probably
fall very generally on Wednesday in the Gulf
and Atlantic States, with cloud and rain to
night in the Gulf States, and threatening weath
er Wednesday from the lower lakes to the Mid
dle apd South Atlantic coast. The low pres
sure in Illinois will probably move east and
northeastward, preceded by southeasterly winds
in the Middle States, and followed to-night by
increasing northwesterly winds on Lake Slichi
gan. Areas of rain are apparently developing
in Virginia, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Michigan
and Louisiana. Cautionary signals are ordered
this evening at Chicago.
Weather Report, Dec. 13, 13 P. M.
War Department, Signal Service, U. S. Army, Di
visions of Telegrams and Reports for the benefit ot
Commerce.
(I
-1
■M ij
Place I Sj fce f
S
of g g
*3 a o
observation. t 0
S JZ
M g ii
v 0
Boston.30.13 32 NW Clear
Charleston.S.C..30.05 47 SW Hazy
Cheyenne,W. T.29.42 38 W Cloudy
Chicago.2975 35 NW l.t nn .w
Cleveland.29.67 38 SE Lt rain
Oorinne, Utah. .30.24 25 NE Cloudy
Indianapolis... .29.74 4t Calm Cloudy
Key West.30.18 66 N Clear
Mt.Wasbington.29.82 04 Calm Clear
New London... .30.14 23 Calm Clear
New Orleans.. .30.14 54 Culm Cloudy
New York.30.11 31 E Cloudy
Norfolk.30.08 40 SE Fair
Omaha.30.12 27 NW Threa'ng
Pittsburg.29.87 40 Calm Cloudy
Portland.30.14 17 Calm Clear
San Francisco 30.37 46 N Fair
Savannah.30.08 43 Calm Clear
Washington-30.05 38 SE Cloudy
Wilmington 30.04 41 Calm Cloudy
Montreal .30.09 19 W. Cloudy
Barometer corrected for temperature and elevation
MISCELLANEOUS! NOTICES.
Periodicals.—Peterson’s National Magazine
for January, 1872, has been received and are for
sale at the book stores of Messrs. Bailey and
Noyes, and H. L. Davis, Exchange street; Lor
ing, Short Harmon and Augustus Robinson,
under Falmouth Hotel, also at the school-book
music and periodical store of E. C. Andrews,
No. 3G Center street, and at the book and peri
odical depot of Messrs. Fessenden Bros., Lan
caster Hall.
A Cure for Dyspepsia.—It is not often
that we take greater pleasure in recommend
ing any medical preparation to the use of the
public than in speaking of White’s Specialty
for Dyspepsia, which we know to he an ex
cellent panacea for that most disagreeable dis
ease. It is not a new preparation, but has
stood tliA tftat of voars am! its wnrlrinw Viaa pb.
ceived the unqualified praise of many eminent
physicians. It is not claimed that it will cure
everything, but it does claim to be the best
cure for Dyspepsia yet discovered, and this
this claim is substantiated by the testimony of
those who have been benefitted by its nse and
whose testimony cannot be gainsaid. Relief is
always obtained from the first use, and a per
manent cure is effected when properly contin
ued. dcll-4w
To those who are bowed down by nervous
Debility, and despair of ever recovering the
vigor and mien of manhood we earnestly rec
ommend Dn. Walkers California Vinegar
Bitters. Before they have finished the first
bottle, they will feel the restorative principle
at work in every portion of their broken-down
systems and hope will spring up in their hearts.
No case of Dyspepsia, Billiousness, Intermit
tent Fever, Rheumatism, Gout or kidney dis
ease, can resist this unequalled vegetable tonic
which is unpolluted by any distilled or fer
mented liquor. dec9-d4w
Congress Hall Re-opened.—The hall has
a dancing capacity of 80 couples, and can be
4M r AA _L A T s r\ i
...-w--X- amjui XV VI -S-rvvAfcV,
under the hall, or Webster, at his saloon in
Fluent Block, Congress street dec7—lw
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Fellows’ Compound Syrup op Hypophos
phites is prescribed by the first physicians in
every town where it has been introduced, and
it is a thoroughly orthodox preparation.
dec9th-lw
Kidney, bladder and glandular diseases need
no longer be regarded as incurable. The intro
duction of Smolander’s Buchu, which is one
of the perfections of medical science, is now
regularly prescribed for such as well as for all
diseases of the urino-gonital organs in cither
sex. It is a diuretic solvent and alterative,
and imparts tone and vigor to the whole hu
man frame. decl2-eodlw
The health-restoring properties ot Smolax
der’s Buchu strengthen and invigorate the
entire system, and remove or counteract kid
ney, bladder and glandular diseases, mental
and physical debility, diabetes, gravel, general
prostration of the norye structure, and all mala
dies of the urino-genital organs in either sex.
Every ope should investigate the merits of this
valuable vegetatable preparation. dc5-eodlw
Four Evils.—Whoever habitually uses ar.y
alcoholic preparations as an “appetizer" will
be as likely to tjtiffer from four evils, viz.: an
overplus of food in the stomach, impaired abil
ity to digest it, tbe pangs ol dyspepsia, and a
doctor’s bill. Or. Walker's Vegetable Vinegar
Bitters, the great T etntal Restorative ol tbe
age, without ever stimulating tbe palate or ir
ritating tbe stomach, imparts a healthful appe
itp, promotes digestion, regulates the liver and
b iwels, purifies the btood, and thus, instead ol
entailing four evils confers four inestimable
benefits. novl4 d4w
The cost of the local governments of the
provinces of the Dominion is not very small if
Quebec and Ontario are samples. In the for
mer with 4 population of 1,1110,503, the legisla
tive department cost $128,021, the civil depart
ment $128,1)73 and the administration of justice
$261,212; total, $518,805. In Ontario with a
population of 1,620,812, the cost is much less,
being $246,421 for all departments.
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
Foreign Imports.
LIVERPOOL. Steamship Prussian—1000 boxes tin
plates to order, 91 pkffs to Canada Express, 6 do to
agent Grand Trunk Railway,400 bdls steel to E Corey
6 Co, 31 pkgs to J E Prindle, 1 do to W F James, 9
do seed to Kendall Whitney, 2 do to W McPherson.
Foreign Exports.
HALIFAX. NS. Steamer Chase—2037 bbls flour,
63 bush peas, 2890 lbs butter, 1 lot mdse.
Receipts by Railroaiis and Steamboats.
Grand Trunk Railway—250 cane milk, 1368 bbls
flour, 24 rolls leather. 49 bdls hoops, 60 sacks rags, 47
pkgs paper, 72 do bedsteads, 57 do trundle beds,8 cars
lumber, 1 do feed, 1 do potatoes, 1 do cattle, 1 do
shooks, 4 do wheat, 2 do sundries; for Lower Prov
inces—1100 bbls flour, 1 car bags; for Allan Steamers
—21 cars grain, 6 do flour, 16 do provisions.
Steamer Forest City from Boston—10 cases
and 10 bales domestics, 13 bills steel, 20 do iron, 20 do
leather, lo bales dye stutf, 150 window weights, 37
boxes glass ware, 102 casks nails, 10 tierces lard, 6
obis oysters, 22 bags peanuts, 1 hhd ale, 70 bbls ap
ples, 50 boxes oranges, 20 do cheese, 5u do spices, 8
sleighs, 20 bbls and 20 half do beer, 30 dressed hogs, 9
stoves, 100 pkgs to order; for Canada and up coumry
—30 bales wadding, 4 piano fortes, 1 organ, 321 bales
raffs, 3 casks oil, 22 bales cotton, 24 bdls calf skins, 15
bbls flour, 6 casks soda ash, 34 bbls dye stuff, 100 feet
stone, 5 pieces marble, 6 bags guano, 25 bdls leather
80 pkgs to order.
Work fttock ami Money Market.
New York, Dec. 12—Mornin/j.—Gold 1001. Money
7 per cent. Sterling Exchange 109 109}. Stocks
weak and very active. Slate Stocks dull.
The following are the forenoon quotations of South
ern securities:
Tennessee 6’s, new..
Virginia 6’s, new. m
Missouri 6’s.....!.!!!!!! 98*
Louisiana 6’s, ol< 1.. 61
Louisiana b s, new. 50
Alabama 5’s.*..!!!!!. 65
Georgia 7*s. 82
Nortn Carolina 6’s, new.!!!!!.!!'. i!!! 15
South Carolina 6’s, new. 31^
The following were the quotations for Union Pacific
securities:
Central Pacific bonds. in*u
Union Pacific do.!*.!!!!!!!!!!’’" 91
Uniou Pacific stock.!!'.!!!!!!. *>78
Union Pacific land grants..!!!”!!!!!!!!’.. 79*
Union Pacific income bonds_I.’.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 81*
1 ^—Evening.—'The Clearing
House of the associated banks held a protracted meet
ing this afternoon and the Ocean Bank matter was
discussed. Ihe result was to sustain a joint action
of the Clearing House Committee and the committee
on suspensions in expelling a bank from the Clearing
House. Rumor says that some facts were brought
out which would throw a doubt on Mr. Collender’s
statement that the bank would be able to pay in full.
Among the reports emanating from the meeting is
one that the bank held and converted as legal tender
notes memorandum cheeks of the Government bank
oflicial to the extent of §75,000; and further, that this
individual was interested in building a canal in Mich
igan, for which purpose money was obtained on these
cheeks ami used. The Comptroller of Currency, Mr.
Hubbard, is said to be here investigating the attair.
Tlieo. M. Davis, receiver of the Ocean Bank, states
for the satisfaction of out of town correspondents that
all collections anil checks now in transition for the
Ocean Bank will be turned over to the National Park
Bank.
Money stringent, rates ranging from 7 per cent, to
of 1 per cent, per day. Sterling Exchange weak at
109 109*. Gold only steady at 109 1091. Carry
ing rates 1-32 fS) 1-1fi tier ilav Tha Auuiet.mt Tran..
urer has paid $700,000 in Gold on account of 5-20’s
redeemed, making a total of $18,000,000. The clear
ances amounted to $60,000,000. Governments were
firmer and recovered from the morning decline. State
bonds steady except Virginias.
The following are the closing quotations of Govern
ment securities:
United States coupon 6’s, 1881.1171
United States 5-20’s 1862. 1104
United States 5-20’s 1864. .1104
United States 5-20’s 1865, old. .11 if
United States 5-20’s 1865, new. in*
United States 5-20's 1867. .list
United States 5-20’s 1868..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.’,’ !ll54
United States 10-40’s., coupon. 109*
Currency 6’s.1 i.'!!!!!!!!!!!! !iisj
Stocks buoyant and more active; the advance
ranged 4 to 1$ per cent. Lake Shore advanced 11 and
Pacific Mail 1$ and formed the chief feature. The
advance in other Stocks averaged about 1 per cent.
The following were the closing quotations of
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 684
Pacific Mail. 4Kj
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated.... 93
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated scp 874
Erie... 32i
Erie preferred. 64
Harlem.121
Harlem preferred.128
Reading..
Michigan Central.. 118
Lake Shore Michigan Southern. yu
Illinois Central.132
Cleveland Pittsburg.1244
Chicago North ^Western.6! ft
Chicago Northwestern preferred. 894
Chicago Rock Island. 103}
Milwaukie St. Paul. 53}
Milwaukic St. Paul preferred. 77 V
Pittsburg Fort Wayne. 96
Philadelphia Coal Market.
Philadelphia, Dec. 11.—The trade is nearly or
quite over for this season. Only such points as may be
supplied by rail transportation can be furnished with
any considerable amounts of Coal until navigation
opens. At Port Richmond there about 100,000 tons
on the wharves, with little or no shipping, except that
by the steamers of the Reading Railroad Company,
which are still able to force their way through the ice
on the Delaware. There is a better demand for and I
a small advance in Chestnut Coal. For Stove and 1
Egg sizes the market is quiet and prices unchanged.
Prices, it is not likely, will be lower between this and
Spring. There is some talk of a strike in the upper
Coal regions. The trade the past year in the Schuyl
kill region has been generally unprofitable to opera
tors. Only those who worked the more favorably lo
cated mines have made fair profits. The next sea
son’s trade is looked forward to with much solicitude.
Boston Bank Statements
Boston, Dec. 12.—Statement of Boston National
Banks as returned to the Clearing House Mom lav.
Dec. 11th:
CapiraJ..$ 48,030,600
114,250,0*54
Decrease. 407,377
Specie. 1,695,922
Increase... 185.868
Leg il Tenders. 10,195,586
Decrease.7... 192,047
Due from other Banks. 19,378,145
Increase. 152,847
Due to other Banks. 18,334.331
Increase. 115,672
44,186,657
Decrease. 660,755
Circulation. 25,644,212
Decrease. 69,495
Domrntic Markets.
Watertown, Dec. 12.—Cattle Market.—Receipts
fifth. US7 ka.i.1 ____1_1 S
mand for best kind of Cattle; we quote sales choice
9 50 9 73; extra 9 00@9 25; first quality 8 25^g> 8 75;
second quality 7 50 8 00; third quality 5 00 (jg 7 00.
Sheep and Lambs—receipts 5812 bead; Sheep are still
hi active demand, and as the supply was not heavy
the trade was thereby sustained;*good Sheep were as
high as last week; sales in lots at 1 75 5 00 each;
extra 5 50 6 50.
New York, Dec. 12—Evening.—Cotton ic higher;
sales 2592 bales; Middling uplands20|c. Flour less
active and unchanged; sales 7400 bbls. Wheat quiet
and steady: sales 19,000 busli; No 2 Spring 1 52® l 54
Winter Red Western 1 58 1 60; White Michigan
1 65 1 75. Corn dull and less firm; sales 58,000
bush; new Mixed Western 77} 78c. Oats less firm;
sales 94,000 bush at 56 57c. Beef quiet. Pork is
steady; new mess 15 00; old do 13 50 13 75. Lard
heavy; steam rendered 9} 9}c. Butter steady.—
Rice firm at 8§ 9c. Sugar dull; Muscovado 9®
9}c; refining 9 9|c. Coffee quiet and iltm; Rio 17}
20c. Molasses firmer; New Orleans 50 58c. Na
val Stores—Spirits Turpentine firm at 65 (a) 65}o; Ro
sin firm at 4 95 for strained. Petroleum firm; crude
13}c; refined 24}c. Tallow heavy. Whiskey steady
at 1 00. J
Freights to Liverpool firm; Cotton per sail 7 3-32d;
Flour per sail 2s; Corn 6} 7d.
Chicago, Dec. 12.—Flour unchanged. Wheat in
fair demand and lower; No 1 Spring at 1 25; No 2 do
1 19} 1 20; No 3 do 1 15. Corn in fair demand and
lower at 41}c; rejected 39} 39}c. Oats dull and a
shade lower; No 2 at 32c; rejected 29c. Rye quiet
and unchanged. Barley—No 3 Spriiig 53c. Pork is
active and higher at 13 15 13 20. Lard in fair de
mand at 8} 8}c. Green meats advancing; hams G}
®7}c; shoulders 4c; short ribs5}c; rough sides 5}c;
short clear middles 6c. Bulk meats in fair demand;
shoulders 4} lb 4}e; clear rib sides 6c; clear sides 6f
6}c. Live Hogs in good demand at 3 90 4*37;
dressed do 4 80 4 87. Whiskey dull at 91c.
Receipts—7,000 bbls flour, 32,000 bush wheat, 158,
0C0 bush corn, 38,500 bush oats, 3,000 bush rye, 3,000
bush barley, 16,000 hogs.
Shipments—4,000 bbls flour, 1,000 bush wheat, 8,000
bush corn, 3,000 bush oats, 2,000 bush rye, 4,000 bush
barley, 3,000 hogs.
St. Louis, Dec. 12.—Flour quiet; choice Bupcrfine
Winter at 5 75. Wheat easier and buyers off; No 2
Spring 132; No 2 red Winter 1 57. Corn improved
with a light demand; Mixed*on track 44 44}c.—
Oats dull; No 2 in elevator 35}c. Pork firm at 13 25.
Green meats firm; sales 300,000 lbs at Kansas City;
shoulders 4c; clear rib sides 5c; clear sides 5}c. Dry
salted meats active; sales 500,000 lbs at St. Joseph
to-day in salt at 4c, and 100,090 lbs clear rib sides, 4
weeks in salt, at St. Joseph at 5}c; shoulders 10 days
in salt 4}c. Bacon steady; shoulders 7}c; clear sides
7}c. Lard higher at 8} 8}c.
Cincinnati, Dec. 12.—Pork firm at 13 75, asking
14 00. Lard firm at 8} 9c. Bulk meats firm; shoul
dcra 5}c; sides 6} 6}c. Bacon firm and scarce;
shoulders 71c; sides 7} 7}c. Live Hogs advanced
and in fair demand at 4 50 4 75; receipts 7,000 bead.
Whiskey dull at 9lc.
Milwaukee, Dec. 12.—Flour nominal. Wheat
dull and firm; No 1 at 1 23}; No 2 at 1 20}. Oats
drooping; No 2 at 32}c. Com in fair demand but
lower; No 2 Mixed 41}e. Rye dull and lower; No 1
at 64}c. Barley dull and lower; No 2 Fall at 62}c.
Receipts—2,000 bbls flour, 40,000 bush wheat.
KllinniPIlla_1 non KKL tlnnr
Toledo, Dec. 12.—Flour unchanged. Wheat un
changed; Michigan 1 43}. Com quiet aud unchanged;
high mixed 5l)Jc. Oats unchanged; No 2 at 4UJc.
Charleston, Doc. 12.—Cotton Btrong; Middling
uplands 1‘J lpjc.
Savannah, Dec. 12.—Cotton advancing; Middling
upaiuls 18}c.
Mobile, Doc. 12.—Cotton advancing; Middling up
lands 19} 19}c.
New Orleans, Doc. 12.—Cotton active aud excit
ed; Middling uplands 19} 19Jc.
European IVInrkets.
London, Doc. 12—11.30 A. M.—Consols 92 for
money and account.
American Securities—U. S. 5-20’s 1862,92}; do 1865,
old, 93; do 1867, 96}; U. S. 10-40’s, 90}.
Paris, Dec. lg—11.30 A. M.-Rentes 56f70c.
Liverpool, Dec 12.—10.30 A. M.—Cotton advanc
ing; Middling uplands 9}d; do Orleans 10} 10}d;
sales 15.000 bales.
The receipts of Wtieat for three days were 25,000
quarters, of which 16,000 were American.
London, Dee. 12—2.00 P, M.—Consols at 92} for
money and account.
American securii ies—U. S. 5-20’s,1862, 92}; do 1865,
old, 03}; do 1807,96}.
Liverpool, Dec. 12-2.00 P. M.-Cotton strong;
Ml Idling uplands 9}® lOd; do Orleans 10}@lo«tl;
sales 20,000 bales. Breadstuff's quiet. California
one heat 12s 8d. Corn 32s 6d. Peas 41s tkl. Lard
43s tkl.
London, Dec. 12—4.30 P. M.—Consols closed at 92}
for money and account.
American Seeuri ies—U. S. 5-20’s 1862.921; do 1863,
old, 93}; do 1867, 96}; do 10-40’s, 90}.
Paris, Dec. 12—4.30 P. M.—Reutes -closed at 56f.
85c.
Liverpool, Dec. 12—4.30 r. M.—Cotton closed
strong; Middling uplands lod; do Orleans 10} I0»d;
sales 20,000 hales.
Freights.
Charleston, Dec. 8.—To Liverpool, by steam
via New York }d on uplands; ltl on Sea Islands; by
sail, direct, j® 7-16-1 ou uplands. To Havre, by
sail, lc lb ou uplands. Coastwise to New York,
by steam, }c P lb on uplands, and lc on Sea Islands;
S2 p tierce on Rice; by sail, |c 1> lb on uplands; 37
S3 on Lumber; $9 $10 on Timber. To Boston,
by sail, }c ou upland Cotton. To Providence 38 p M
on Boards; (c lb lb on uplands; by steam, 31 bale
in addition to New York rates. Vessels are in de
mand to take Lumber freights from Georgetown, SC.,
Darien and Salilla River, Ga„ and Jacksonville, Fla.,
to Northern ports, aud 310 313 p M are rates ou
Lumber am} Boards,
New Orleans, Deo 8.—There is a good supply of
freight room on the berth aud offerings arc fair. The
rales are:—Cotton by steam for Liverpool 11- Bre
men and Hamburg j,l; Boston l}c; New York lc
Philadelphia jc; by sail to Liverpool 17-32® 9-iiV
Havre l}c; Bremen l}c. Sugar to New York bv
steam $6 V lihd; by sail 35. Molasses to do by steam
5c p gal; by sail 3} 4c, y m
Boston Stock I.i.i.
[Sales at the Broker’s Board, Dee. 12.)
Massachusetts State Sixes, 1883 98
Maine State Sixes 1883 10U
Boston aud Maine Railroad. 144
Eastern Railroad. 197}
Michigan Central R R 8a. lohj
Michigan Central Railroad. 119
York Manufacturing Company. 1633}
Peppered Manufacturing Co...685
Union Pacific Railroad Sixes,..,,,.... 88}
Uuiou Pacitic Land Grants 7s...... 77}
ENTERTAINM ENTS.
FLUENT HALL.
GREAT SUCCESS
FIFTH WEEK!
WEDNESDAY EVE’G, DEC. 13tb,
AND THREE FOLLOWING NIGHTS.
Amusing, Exciting and Astonishing
Experiments, ever performed upon a public plat
form.
PROF. STONE
Will continue his MARVELOUS and MIRTH PRO
VOKING EXPERIMENTS upon per ons in a PER
FECTLY WAKEFUL STATE, on the aoove even
ings, and each night
lOO MAGNIFICENT PRESENTS
-WILL BE
G I YEN AWAY
TO THE AUDIENCE!
—INCLUDING—
Gold Watches!
Chamber Sets Furniture
BARRELS OF FLOUR
Ladies’ Shawls, Dress Patterns, Photo
graph Albums, Silver Klectro Ten and
Coffee Services, BenutifulJ Teys,
Taney Goods, Ac.
Parents, take your Children. They will be both
amused, and supplied graiis with Holiday Presents.
HtrauANDs. take your Wives to this highly respect
able Entertainment.
VouNoGENTt^EN, take your Lady Friends to
Witness the marvelous phenomena of Electro-Bioloev
eachuight “°m<! °f th“ buaullfl11 presents distributed
Go One and All, Old and Young 1
TO FLUENT HALL.
Admission (only) 25 cents; Reserved Seats 50 cents.
Chi ldren under 12, to Second Seats 16 cents; Re
served Seats, 25 cents.
Doors open at 7 o'clock; to commence at 8.
dc!3d3t
Grand Masquerade
AXD
DOMINOJ»ARTY.
The Gr. W. T.’S,
Will give their next Public Assembly at
LAN-CASTER HALE!
FBIDAV EVB’6, Dec. 13.
Under the management of
C'APT. EDWARD HODGKINS,
GEO. H. FOSTER, J. T. SEAVER.
Music by Webb’s Full Quadrille Band.
SIX PIECES.
Tickets, admitting Gent and Ladies, 75 cents,
Dancing to commence at 8 o'clock. dcl4td
Dancing Academy
—AT—
LANCASTER HALL,
Mr. J. W. Raymond would announce to the citi
zens of Portland that he will open liig second term of
Dancing School at the above named Hall on
Tuesday Evening:, Dec’r 19th,
Terms—Ladies $2.00. Gents $4.00.
Last six evenings to be assemblies with full Band
without extra charge to pupils.
ASSEMBLY.
J. W. RAYMOND will close his preseut term with
a Grand Assembly at
LANCASTER HALE,
On Monday Evening, December 18th,
Ticket admitting Gent with Ladies 75 cts» dcl3dlw
A new lot of fine English
BREECH AND NUZZLE LOADING
DOUBLE GrUJSTS
Just received per steamer, to be sold Very Low!
CL 1j. BAILEY, 48 Exchange St.
Sign of the “Gulden Rifle.’* no24eodtf sn
REMOVAL.
DR. SHACKKQRD hn« removal to No 70 Park si.
nexI do .r above Grammar School House,
a u 'i ♦3m_
TO LET
Store No 1452 144 on ntcrciul at
'■OKNFR oi Widgery’s Wfciir*, purlieu'ml
t adapt'd i the r and Brain busim >s larg
capicitv hiviti i i tron ageo- 30 lent, ami depth 1ft
leet, cue^Bi'dt* v»i« 0i rail, li'eu up with tvery
m <»frn ouvenieL.c.
Apply to H. N. JOSE, 194 Fore st.
Nov 4 is tt
~M. C. M. JL.
NEXT meeting for Debates, will be held Thurs
day, Dec. 14th, at Library Room. Question for
Debate:
Resolved—That the annexation of San Domingo
to the United States would be beneficial to the people
of both countries, and ought to be accomplished.
NATH’L WALKER, Aft.
L. F. PINGREE, Neg.
dc!2tdGEO. A. 1IARMON, Sec.
FLOUR.
Portland, Nov. 21, 1871.
To my former Cuetomeri anil the Pulic generally
Returning thanks for past favors, I would re
specttully invito you t »No. 8j Commercial street, di
rectly opposite the Clock in Thomas Block, where
can tie fonnX a large and flue assortment of the best
grades of Sr. Louts Flour. Having determined to
give my exclusive attention to Flour alone, X shall
make It a point to purchase n inc that will fail to give
STfect satisfaction. The following will give some
ea of my success in selecting good flour. During
the year that I occupied the Japan Tea Store, ending
Nov. 1,1 retailed 1000 bbls. of nour; 400 consecutive
barrels without the return of a single one, and only
14 bbls. were returnedsluring the entire year. This
unusual success was largely owing to the quality of
flour selected, and partly in the manner which it was
sold, and that was to recommend it precisely what it
would prove to be. Tlds will be my future course.
My flour will all be bought from first hands direct,
which will enable me to retail It at the lowest whole
•ale prices. As I have a record of every barrel of
flour previously sold, ami the purchaser's name, by
reference to which I can judge very nearly what grade
of flour will suit the same customer.
Very truly, W. H. HALL,
SN no22eodtl Late of tho Japan 'Tea Store.
A Card.
NIRSI. DAM has added to her flue stock of La
dies’ Hair Work, a very choice assortment of
genuine
Perfumery and Ladies’ Toilet Article*.
Latest New York Styles Ladles’ Hair Work, con
stantly on haud and made to order. All work war
ranted. No. 3 A. S. Hotel Building,
decl2-eod&wlm sn Portland, Me.
APPLES! APPLES!!
CHEAP
AT J. S. CROCKETT S,
85 Commercial Street.
Dec 11 sn 1 w*
Winter Wisdom.
Warm clothing alone will not protect the body
against the consequences of the sudden depression of
temperature which is concomitant of early winter.
Flannel next the skin preserves the animal heat, but
it does not impart animal vigor. That property is the
special prerogative of Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters,
which is therefore a specific protection jigainst a ma
jority of the complaint* which are most common at
V, H WUIOV IUC glCUl
etable invigorant, commenced now, will be almost
sure to preclude chills aud fever, bilious colic, disor
ders of the stomach, constipation, and many other
complaints which are often the direct or indirect ef
fect of an atmosphere surcharged with cold, unwhole
some vapor. Moreover, the system toned and regu
lated by this means is much more likely ts resist pul
monary disease than it would otherwise be; for the
influence of searching medicine pervades all the or
gans, and every fibre and tissue of the frame. Per
sons whose vital powers are weak, especially Invalid
ladies and the aged, are earnestly recommended not
to face the winter’s rigor without haviug recourse to
this safe and sufficient means of rc-enforcing enfeebled
nature. Much suffering may bo escaped, much dan
ger averted by following this council. Better late
than never, is a good proverb, but it is better to be
early than late.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR
CHRISTMAS GIFTS!
COMPRISING
Gold and Mi Ivor Watches, Clocks, Jewelry
Skates, Sleds, Brackets, Work Boxes, Dressing
Cases, Writing Desks, Ladies’ and Children’s
Companions, Work Stands and Baskets,
Rocking Horses, Handkerchief and
Glove Boxes, Music Boxes, Steam
Engines, Toy Books, Games,
&c., &c.
Our stock of Toys and Fancy Goods are too
numerous to mention, aud we can assure our custom
ers that we shall sell as low as any house iu the
country, either at wholesale or retail.
We have a large assortment of Christmas
Tree Ornameuts.
9<t EXCHANGE STREET.
C. DAV, JR., CO.
Dec 5-eo *wt(l sn
SOLARGRAPH.
IIIAVE vented a new and beautiful Picture; I
have nam it Molarjgrnph. Every one ad
mires it that sees it; every one should see it before
getting any other. It is just the Picture for a
CHRISTMAS PRESENT.
Come all and see the new Picture at
A. M. M’KEVYEY’S,
noY21sNe<xl lot middle St. d&wlm
ENTERTAINM ENTS.
M. L. A.
Eighth Entertainment!
Wednesday Evening, Dec. 13th,
lecture bv
HON. HAYIU A. WELLS.
Evening Tickets 50 cents.
Doors of>en at t»}. Lecture at 7| o clock.
ryTicketa to the Supplemeutry Course will be for
sale on anti after the 14tli.
No. 8 Tickets to the regular course can be ex
change* 1 at Ira C. Stock bridge’s Music Store, by those
who wish f»r Tickets to the Supplementary Course,
between the 14th anl 25th of December. debtu
Army A Kavy Course.
FIFTH EXTKRTAIXMKNT.
Thursday Evening, Dec. 14th,
LECTURE BY
ANNA E. DICKINSON.
Doors open at 6.30; Concert by the Portland Band
at 71; Lecture at 7. IS. Evening Tickets 50 cents; for
sale at C. W. Gilkey Co's, and at the Music Stores
of Ira C. Stockbridgo and dlatves Cragin. delicti
MUSI CHA LI.!
MANAGERS.BID WELL WlLKUiSON
FOR POSITIVELY 4 NIGHTS ONLY
Thursday Friday, Dec. 14 and 15
The Star of the East,
DOLLIE BIDWELL,
Supported by the popular young Actor
WALLACE BRITTON.
The Favorite Comic A rt is?
CHARLIE anil LBLLIK WIJLMINSOlf,
BidweU A Wilkinson’s full Company of 20 artists, la
new sensations.
See Bills of the Day* dc8 4t
STEPHEN o
CHRISTMAS SALE!
The Ladies of St. Stephen’s Parish, will hold their
Annual Ciiiustma* Sale, at il»e Booms of the
'•nng Men’a Christian Asasriatiou, on
Thursday, Dec. 14, Afternoon and Evening,
where they will oiler to the public, their usual variety
of useful and fancy articles, including Emblems sn l
Evergreens, and a choice selection of Gifts, suitably
to the Christmas Season.
Admission 13 cents for adults; 10 cents for children,
or live tickets for 50 cents. dcU-5t
CITYHALL
THEO. THOMAS’
tTn»qualc(l Concert Organization
OF
Sixty Distinguished Performers.
Pronounced by the entire press the largest ami
most perfect concert irou|>e which has ever under
taken a tour either iu this country or ii» Europe.
One Grand Concert
Friday Evening, Dec. 15th.
which owing to the numerous i rangcments 1 Hr.
Thomas’ company will uccessaril be the
Only Concert of the Season.
The following celebrated Soloists will appear for tho
first time:
Miss MARIE KREBS,
The young and brilliant Pianlste.
MB. BERNHARD LISTEMANN, Violin,
together with the
UNRIVALLED ORCHESTRA
OF OVER FIFTY PERFORMERS.
Price of Admi»»ioii 81.00. No Extra
Charge for Reiverved Seats.
The sale of reserved seats wiii commence on Thurs
day morning, Dec, 7th, at Stocklridge’s Music Store,
Exchange Stroet.
The Grand Pianos use l arc from the celebrated
manufactory of Steinway S ms. Warerooms iu
Portland at Win. G. Twomblj's Music Store.
Doors open at 7$; to commeuce at dce5-td
GRAND
Combination Concert
1
BY TUE
Haydn Association
COMPRISING A
CHORUS OF 250 VOICES
HERMANN KOTZtCHMAR,
Conduct.r.
AND THE CELEBRATED
Theodore Thomas Orchestra!
-OF
Fifty-one Eminent Artists.
THEODOR THOMAS, Conductor.
AT THE
CITY HALL,
PORTLAND,
Tuesday Evening, Dec. 19, 1871.
On which occasion will be presented HAYDN’S ORA
TORIO OF
THE CREATION!
ACCOMHANIED BY THE FULL
Thomas Orchestra,
ASSISTED BY
M’LLE MARIE KREBS,
one of tbe most brilliant PianistsJn tie World!
And the following distinguished Artists as Soloists:
MRS. H. M. SMITH, of Boston.Soprano
MRS. HARRIET CAMMET WETHER BEE, *t
Portland.Soarano
MR. SAMUEL THURSTON, of Portland_Tenerl
MR. J. W. WINCH, of Boston.Basse.
And iu tbe Chorus by
MR. CHAS. McLELLAN, of Bath.Baritone.
MR. JOHN L. SHAW, of Portland.Basso.
With an array of eminent Artists, aided by tha
Great Thomas Orchestra increased to its present,
magnificent proportions—this will form #ne af th«
Largest and Grainiest Combinations ever
United for a Musical Entertainment in this eountry.
Previous to the rendering of the Creatlpn, The
Grand Orchestra will perform several Choic
Overtures, and Mrs. Smith and Mr. Winch t*11 ren
der favorite selections by request, to be announced
hereafter.
TICKETS—including reserved seats. One Dollar
each—for sale at Stockbridge’s Music Store, Ex
change street, where may also be obtained Libret
toes of “The Creation.” Holders of Season Rsbears.il
Tickets can secure reserve! scuts on payment of 25
cents.
Doors opened at 6}, Concert to commence at 7|
j o’clock. deeltd
13 X Cl N- a.
MB. A. B. GEfl,
Will commence liis second term for. instruction in
Dancing for Young Ladies, Masters and Misses, at
his Academy, corner of Brown and Congress sts., on
Wednesday, Dec. 13th at half past 2 o'clock in the
SATURD COntlmie every WEI)NESDAY an 1
N. B.—At the close of this term. Mr. Gee will give
this school a Social Party in City Hall, with Chand
ler’s Full Band.
Assembly every Monday Evening. For particulars
apply at the Hall. no30dti
__ AUCTION SAL Hit).
Furniture, Carpets, &c.,
BY AUCTION.
ON Wednesday, Dec. 13th, at ten a. m., at Sales
room 18 Exchange st., we shall sell a goueral as
aortment of Furniiure, Carpets, Crockery Ware.
Glass are. Stoves, Kitchen Furniture &c
F. O. BAILEY CO., Auctioneer*.
Dec lld-td.
For Sale at Auction.
THE Woodman Littlejohn Pai*er Mill at Ya~
mouth, Me., Thursday, Doc. II, 1871, at 3.30 r.
it. For further particulars address
GEORGE F. EMBRY,
CHAS. P. MATTOCKS,
Assignees in Bankruptcy of Woodman Little
john, Portland. nov.9 ltd
MANUFACTURER’S SALE
CROCKERY WARE
TO THE TRADE,
BY AUCTION.
F. O. B.WI.EV Sc CO., Auctioneer*.
ON Friday, Dec 13th, at 2J o’clock p. at our
Salesr »m. No. is Exchange st., we shall sell to
the trade a larger lino of lrou-Stone, Rockingham, C.
C. and Yellow Ware, Caspadoes, etc.
Catalogues furnished upon anplication.
Ware on exhibition Dec. 14th. dc9td
17. K. HUNT,
Commission Merchant and Auctioneer
NO 316 Congress St., will sell every evening a large
assortment of Staple and Fancy Goods.
Goods will be sold during the day in lot* to stilt
Snrchasers at wholesale prices, (’ash advanced on all
escription of g >ods. Consignment* not limited
February 11, isos. dtf
Notice.
ALi«T\t.te’’’ betwe*VV’ Osborn and J. W.
Ricketts, as agent uf School District, No. 18, in
uape Elizabeth, are satlstactorv adjusted.
_ JO'UNW. RICKETTS.
Portland, Dec. 8,1871. dealt
S i >7~
BUS'dFTS See Tmo.hy ->eed; also
^UUU Clover auu Ktd 1’0|j lor sale by
K BS J L WII ITS BY.
Poitland,lept A 182i- 'el2d»