THE MO R NIN G STAR
VOL. V. NO. 12.
TELEGRAMS
TO THE MORNING STAR.
[BY AMERICAN PRESS ASSOCIATION.]
CABLE DISPATCHES.
Mouse of Co mm on 8 Resignation,
The Geneva Conference
Adjourned.
FROM WASHINGTON
New York Miscellany.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS IN GENERAL.
rVHEIGtt NEWS.
The Speaker ot the House of Commons
London, Dec. 18.—The Hon. Mr, Dennison
has resigned his position as Speaker In the
House of Commons.
Adjournment of the Geneva Conference.
Geneva, Dec. 18.-The Court of Arbitration
on tbe Alabama claims, which met Friday, has
adjourned to reassemble in this city on the 17th
of April, 1872.
It has been arranged that the opposing coun
sel shall exchange copies of their written argu
ments on tbe case, and also place a copy in the
hands of each member of the court belore reas
sembling in April.
•On the 17th ot June the court will sgain meet
and receive the replies Gf the counsel to the
written arguments already submitted, and also
hear oral argument that may be rendered nec
essary by position ot the case. It is expected
the court will declare a final decision in Octo
ber next.
XLIId COHGKENN— BXCOND SKBSION.
Several petitions were referred, including one
by Sumner,* of the negroes of Rhode Island,
stating they are outraged and degraded, ask
ing for tbe passage of the civil rights bill.
Mr. Conkling offered a resolution directing
the retrenchment of the committee to investi
gate the Schurz’s charge* of fraud In the New
York Custom House.
The consideration was postoned until the
committee be appointed.
Mr. Anthony moved that Messrs. Bucking
ham, Pratt, Howe, Harlan, Stewart, Pool and
Bayard be appointed retrenchment committee.
Mr. Sumner asked why the Senators who
originally moved an investigation were uot on
that committee, which gava rise to a debate,
extending beyond the morning hour, unfinished
business being postponed to reach a vote.
On resuming debate on Mr. Anthony’s reso
lution to appoint a standing committee on re
trenchment, it was continued until 10 p. m.
At 10.15 the Senate adjourned.
House.
A large number of bills were introduced, in
cluding one punishing bank, insurance, State
and government officials for bribery and cor
ruption.
Mr. Stevenson introduced a bill making ofll
ecra appointing, and Congressmen recommend
ing dishonest and incompetent officials respon
sible for their misconduct.
Mr. Blair presented a bill legalising polyga
mist marriages in Utah, and dismissing crimi
nal proceedings against polygamists.
Bills to amend the articles of war; to repeal
the bankruptcy act; to admit Utah asaState;
to remove all political disabilities, and for en
largement of the Capitol grounds—were all
referred.
A resolution directing the library committee
to inquire into the copyright question, was
passed.
Thursday next was appointed for general
debate.
A resolution was adopted inquiring why
Gen. Ballock, of .the Freedmen’s Bureau, was
removed, and what is the condition of his ac
counts
Mr. Hoar submitted a general resolution de
claring, “that whj'e the House declines to pass
judgment upon the i,ffnirs of other nations, it
deeply sympathizes withall persons struggling
in the cause of civil liberty, Ac which was
passed unanimously, taking the place of a res
olution offered by Mr. Holdcman, cond< tuning
the action of the Thiers government in France
in its action on the Communists.
Mr. Kellogg asked leave to offer a resolution
requesting the committee of ways and means to
report a bill early in January next, for the re-
oft he income tax, and for the repeal oi
other internal revenue taxes, except on liquors,
cigarsand stamps.
Mr. Dawes—Let the resolution simply be re
ferred to the committee. It doos not give the
committee any time to consider the matter, but
instructs it to report a bill that will repeal all
banks taxation and other taxes.
Mr. Kellogg—l will modify the resolution so
as to repeal income tax only, and I move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. Spear moved to adjourn. Agreed to by a
vote of 109 to 80. y
Pending vote, Mr. Kelley presented a memo
rial of the Industrial League of Penn., in re
gard to the question of revenue.
Mr. Butler Introduced a bill declaratory of
the rights of suffrage, declaring women entitled
to suffrage under the fourteenth amendment.
The House then adjourned.
BAID Oflf A JAIL
Attempt to Release a Bank Robber.
Nbw Tobk, Dec. 18—Eight men attacked
tne Jailor of the prison at New Brunswick,
N. J., last night, gagged and bound him, ard
then attempted to gain entrance into the in
terior ot the jail. The assistant Jailer appeared,
fired on the assailants, and called for the po
lice. when the ruffians fled. It is supposed the
intention was to release a bank robber.
ffiiSW YORK CFFY.
NBW Tout, Dee. IB.—Tee Grand Jury this
afterooon presented to Recorder Hackett a
of indictments against certain
city officials, but the names of the indicted have
noiyet been *h« presa. J
T B liberty, is A ept
under strict survetUaaea by the sheriff, us he
est*ns.
Washington, Dec. 18.
senate.
may at any moment receive a new order for
his arrest on a fresh indictment.
Connolly is still in Ludlow street jail. Tbe
certified order of Judge Learned, in reference
to reduction or bail, is expected from Albany
this evening. Should Connolly be released, he
will be atouce re-arrested under ciimiual pro
ceedings.
FIVE RECORD,
Flames in a Bo<ton Lozenge Factory
and a Paper Warehouse.
Boston, Dec. 18.—Thia evening fire broke
out in the lozenge factory of Chase A Co.,
No. 110 Congress street, and caused damage
to tbe amount of $lO,OOO or $15,000. The flames
exu ndea to the next building, Wilder A Co ’a,
paper warehouse, whose loss is about $lO,OOO.
Tbe building is owned by Kramblo heirs, and
is damaged to the extent of $15,000. All parties
are fully insured.
FINANCIAL RECORD.
Metropo itan Kvsutng Nummary.
Naw Tore. Dec. 18 Walt Street, 8 p.m.—
Money closed active at 7 percent.
Exchange closed firm at from 109 1-4 to
109 3-8; sixty days, from 109 7-8 to 110 at sight.
Gold closed weak, from 109 to 109 1-8.
Governments closed quiet and firmer.
Stocks closed heavy and lower, with business
very dull and confined to a few leading secu
rities.
ABOUT THE WEATHER.
Washington, D. C., Dec. 18,-7.30 p. m.
The barometer will probably rise during to
night and Tuesday, from the Middle and East
Atlantic Coast westward to the Mississippi,
with partially cloudy and clear weather. Fresh
northwest winds will prevail to-night north and
east of Virginia, with clearing weather. Tbe
storm on tbe New England Coast will proba
bly clear away to-night. A small area ot low
barotneter will develop in Louisiana and Ar*
kansas and move northeastward. Pleasant
weather will prevail Tuesday in the South At
lantic and Gulf States. Dangerous winds are
not anticipated to night east of tbe Rocky
Mountains, unless possibly over a small por
tion of Massachusetts Bay.
DIBPATUHEN IM GENERAL.
The Civil Service Commissioners presented
a report to the President yesterday.
Geo. Schuler was put on trial in Cincinnati
yesterday, for the murder of Matthias Heinz,
in April last.
It was reported in New York last evening
that indictments have been found against two
editors, and speculation was rife as to who
they can be.
THE MIDDLE BOKO 1 BURGLARY.
SAUL OF $22,000 WORTH OF BONDS,
The Robbers Tracked to Pawtucket.
For some reason best known to the sufferers
by the bold and successful robberies which
were committed in Middleboro’, Mass., on Fri
day night, the losses sustained and tbe amount
ot plunder obtained by the burglars was not
made known In connection with tbe main facts
of the robbery.
Later reports fix the losses at $82,000 in cash
and bonds, the latter belonging to various par
ties who, with others, considering the town
safe one of the best depositories for their valu
able papers, had placed them there for safe
keeping. Of tbe securities stolon sl*2 000 in
United States and railroad bonds belonged to
Sidney Tucker, Esq., and bis son-in-law, Capt.
Baker; $3BOO worth of similar bonds to Seneca
Tucker, and $l2OO to Mr. Washburn. The re
mainder was in smaller lots, belonging to vari
ous individuals.
This property was obtained from the safe of
the Town Clerk and Treasurer, in forcing
which they bored a hole in the side of the build
ing, through which they laid a fuse leading to
the mine of powder, which was exploded In the
safe. The burglars broke into the blacksmith
shop of A. P. Wales, where they obtained a
sledge and drills, with which they forced an
opening into the town safe sufficient to admit
the powder. The office of SwlL’s Boston Ex
press was in the same building, and the desk of
the proprietor was struck by the door of the
safe and broken into fragments.
The robbery is supposed to have been com
mitted by two men who kept a gambling sa
loon in Worcester. They were seen in Taun
ton on Saturday morning, each having a bun
dle under nis atm, by a man who had heard of
the burglary, and suspected them as the guilty
parties, but made no attempt to arrest them.
They were tracked as far as Pawtucket, where
all traces of them were lost. It is estimated
that various parties iu Middieboro’ hold United
States bonds, amounting in the aggregate to
between $50,000 and fiGO,ooo.—Boston Journal.
LACONICS.
Monogram muffs are in order.
A New Orleans mule drinks tea.
A two foot rule—Don’t stumble.
Brass is is a preventive of cholera.
The furs worn by Hamlet—“sables.”
Mutual friends—Kerosene and coroners.
“Shoe Hecll” is a North Carolina metropolis.
A Swiss mechanic has invented a self-playing
piano.
A Michigan girl made eighty flour barrels in
six weeks.
The relief committee of Chicago has spent
$lOO,OOO tor stoves.
Tight-rope performers are called “funambu
lators” in Georgia.
A New Tork girl had her throat badly cut by
the core of an apple.
Squirrels are quoted at ten cents a bushel in
some parts of Georgia.
Venison and wild fowl are abundant and
citeap m Western cities.
Athletic base ball club Is $6829 51 "out”
tffi the latt season’s play.
(American belles now promenade in comp my
vith a maid, like the French,
New Tork pays Boston $2,000,000 in flower
v.rade. Horticulture is looking np.
Cne California prison convict is eighty-four
years old, and another seventy-eight.
A Kentucky State lunatic asylum patient
made a nocturnal meal off bis bed blanket.
Trenton, N. J., owns the largest circular saw
in the world. It is twenty-two feet in eirenm
ference.
A great deal of paper will be required to
carry on the discussion about a return to specie
paymenu.
London publishers say that no illustrated
book of the holiday sort, has fairly paid in the
last tea yean.
la Bedford, Indiana, the inhabitante have
adopted the French style of doing business,aad
keep their shops open all day Sunday.
PROVIDENCE, 1., TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1871.
Probabilities.
LOCAL NBWB.
Thb Strkkts of New York.—The curiosity
to see the manner In which a piece is put on
tho boards, especially one which depends for
its effectiveness mainly upon the scenery and
stage machinery, both visible and invisible, is
often as great as that to hear the rendering of
tbe text. The desire to see the manner in
which “The Streets of New York” would bo
presented at tno Providence Opera House,—ln
which the publio naturally expected to see a
play of this description displayed in superior
stylo,—drew the largest audience, last evening*,
that has been present since tbe opening night.
The piece is one so familiar to our theatre
goers as to need no lengthy analysis or descrip
tion, but tbe actors were those who had never
taken tbe characters before in Providence.
The first act was well presented, the most
noticeable passages being the death of Captain
Fairweather, which character was well person
ated by Mr. Tilton, and the cool rascality of
Badger, whom Mr. Burroughs represented for
tbe flrat time.
The humble kitchen of Mrs. Puffy, In which
Mark Livingstone meets Lucy and Paul Fair-
I weather, was so well depicted as to
I elicit applause. It was soon followed
by the elegant parlor scene in which
Badger returns from California after
twenty years absence, and meets Gideon
Bloodgood,—faithfully rendered by Mr. Rain
ford. In this scene an opportunity is afforded
for Miss Cameron’s versatile talent, the beauti
ful but heartless Alida. Mlns Ada Monk rep
resented Lucy Fairweather, but although the
E>art was rendered conscientiously, we dd not
bink she appears to such advantage in so se-
I rioua a character as in lighter and gayer parts.
Mr. Sheldon as Puffy, Miss Mabel as Mrs. Puf
fy, and Mr. Allison as Dan. were excellent
throughout the piece.
I Tbe third act opens with a view of Union
Pai k .true to life. The equestrian statue of
I Geo. Washington is seen in tbe foreground by
I which crowded horso cars are rlowly drawn
through the fast falling snow. The gas lights
burn dimly|tbrough the wintry night, while the
brilliantly illuminated houses on either hand
form a striking contrast to the cold and almost
deserted street, in which Paul and his mother
and sister meet, beggars together. Here, to an
I audience of newsboys, and champion of the
brush, Bob the boot black, a part
capitally done by Mins Anita Harris, samr,
“I met her at the Matinee,” which, together
with the dances which succeeded, by the “Nar»
ragansett Boys.” brought down the house. The
curtain descended at the close of the third act
upon a lively scrimmage between the newaiioys
and bootblacks, In which policeman Davis
rushes up to preserve tbe peace, and not laying
a finger upon the real culprits, pounces upon a
peaceable little fellow who stands watching the
1 colored lights in a druggists window, and hus
tles him off,—not exactly by his coat collar. Tljo
curtain rises for the fourth act upon the painful
soene in which Mrs.Fairweather and her daugh
ter resolve to end their sufferings by suicide,
1 heir wretched room on the left is only equal
led in Its evidences of tho abject poverty pcc.u- I
liar to tho Five Points, by that upon tho right,
in which Bloodgood and Badger meet; the re
ceipt is demanded. and refused, and poor
Badger is suffocated by tbe deadly fumes of
tho charcoal burning on the other side of the
thin partition. I
Tbe fifth act is brief, but inclndes tho great
fire scene,which,in its effect, has never been ap
proached in this city. The ample stage admits
of the exhibition of the great spectacle In
the most perfect manner. A hand engine, large
as life, and twice as natural, Is worked with a
will by the stalwart firemen, who seek to save
the fast consuming old wooden house, fired by I
Bloodgood to destroy tho receipt. While Its
walla aro falling before the eager flames,
Badger appears from an upper window, and
with the precious paper descends tho ladder
and escapes. This scene should be witnessed
to be appreciated. It is loudly applauded,
and deserves applause.
The piece concludes in a manner in keeping
with the rest ot the representation, and will,
no doubt, bo presented to an audienco equally
large and equally well pleased this evening.
NT. PATRICKS OAY.
Convention of Irish American Societies
—lVsines ot the Delegates-* Arrange
nuntifor an Imposing Demonstration.
There is no day more especially honored by
our Irish citizens, no anniversary more enthu
siastically celebrated than the anniversary of
Ireland’s patron Saint, the great and success
ful propagator of tho Catholic faith—St, Pat
rick. On each recurrence oftho anniversary
there is an enthusiastic manifestation of rever
ence for the Irish apostle and love for Ireland.
A convention of the Irish American Socle
ties of the State was held last evening in St.
Patrick’* Hal’, at the call of the Rhode Island
Temperance Union, to arrange for celebrating
St. Patrick’s Day. M
Mr. B. McCaughy of the Committee of tho
State Union, called the Convention to order at
eight o’clock, and addressed the body
substantially as follows:
MR. MCCAUOHT’B ADDRESS.
Gtnllemrn: You are all aware that the
Rhede Island Catholic Temperance Union Is
sued a ftall for a Convention of the Irish Catho
lics of the flute, to arrange for celebrating St.
Patrick’s Day. The Societies have responded
to the call in such a manner, which snows that
the spirit which has animated Irishmen every
where, prevails strongly among you, and
that you are Just as true as if we
stood on the soil of Ireland. Wo have
met to discuss with calm determination
and clearness of spirit and conduct the Con
vention so that we may render attachment to
that cause which can in no way be better mani
fested than by cultivating a love forBt. Pat
rick’s Day, In no better way than to celebrate
that day dear to Irishmen everywhere, for
which a sac rifles has been offered, and I doubt
not but yon would be willing to offer up the
same sacrifice on the alUr of Ireland. (Ap
plause
Mr. T. J, Hughes nominated Mr. B. Me*
Caugbey tor permanent chairman, and he was
unanimously elected.
Mr. T. J. Hughes was unanimously elected
Secretary.
Joseph Cairns of Bristol, was unanimously
elected Assistant Secretary.
The credentials of the delegates and date of
the organization of the societies were then
called for and the following societies found to
be represented by the following named dele
gates:
•OCimM BBPBEBBMTBD AMD MAMBA OF THB
DELMATM.'
Co. A R. I. Guards, Providence-Captain Ed
ward Moran and Lieutenants John Robinson
“J? Organized in May. IBM.
Co. B, ft. 1. Guards, Woonsooket-J. B. Wig- I
Amusements.
gins, John Bfan and Ki ward F. Prendergast
Organised in May, 1808.
Wolfe Tone Guards, ot Providence—CapL J.
Costine, and Lieutenants Wm McPherson and
G Wahh. Organised in. July, 1809.
Kearney Cadets of Providence— a. P. Lynn
J. J R ff'r’y, and M. F. Munncgle. Organised*
in Juiv, 18Gi».
Sr. Peter and Panl’sT. A. 8., Providence—
Messrs. B. McGaughey, R. O'Donnell and B. F.
McLaughlin. Oorgan iel February, 1870.
St. Pair loll’a T. A. S. of Providence—Messrs.
T. J. Hughes, M. Moran, and John Loughlin.
Organ'and tn May, 1865.
Bt. Marj’s T. A. 8 of Glnoyville— Messrs. T.
J. Gannon, Terrence Kennedy, and John Good
win. Organised in May, 1870.
8t Michael’s T A. S ot South Providence—
Messrs. P. J. Carty, Hugh Mulvey, and T. B.
McCormack. Organised October IS, 1870.
St. Joseph’s T. A. 8. of Providence—Messrs.
James Campbell, John Quinn, and Hugh smith.
Br. Patricks T. A. 8.0 Valley Falls—Messrs.
Nicholas Dwan, James Hines, and W. J. Kelly.
Organised in June, 1868.
Bt. Mary’s T. A. 8. of Pawtucket-Messrs.
John F. Haberiln, James Montague, and Wil
liam Clancy. Organised in 1850.
Father Mathew T. A. 8. of Woonsocket—
Messrs. Daniel Herne, James Donnelly, and
Joseph Murphy.
L’?*Th ,g T A 81 of Natick—Messrs.
Peter Whalen .J .imcs McGill, and John Devlin.
Bt. Mary’s T. A. 8., of Crompton—Messrs.
Francis Hughes, John Mulvey and Patrick N.
Sheehan. Organised April 23,1871.
8t Mary’s T. A. 8., of Bristol-” ears. Wm.
Healy, Edward Malloy and Joseph W. Carnes.
St. Charles T, A. 8 of Woonsocket—Messrs.
Jhtnes Wisgins, Edward T. Prendergast and
Francis Bradv.
St. Mary’s T. A. 8., of East Greenwich-
Mesara. Patrick Sharkey, John Lunacy and
Thomas Kavency. Organised In April, 1871.
St-Ann’s T. A. 8., of Spragueville— Messrs.
John Hunt, John Kiernan and Thomas Vaughn.
Organised in June, 18n».
89. Peter and Paul’s T. A. 8., of Phenlx-
Messrs. P. H. Carroll, Owen Walsh and Patrick
Coogan. Organised In October, 1871.
Ancient Order Hibernian, Benevolent, Bick
and Burial Society, of rovidenoe—Messrs.
Thomas Farrell, William Wallace and Francis
Cox. Organised May 10,1852.
Ancient Order ot Hibernians, Lodge No. 2, of
Providence Messrs. John W.Oox, John A.
Sullivan and Patrick Curran. Organised in
Februnry, 1870.
Ancient Order of Hibernian Lodge, No. 1, of
a *t u cket—Messrs. M. Corcoran, M. Murray
and Patrick Giblin. Organised May 21, 1860.
Ancient Order Hibernian Benevolent Sick
and Burial Sonietv of Pawtucket—Messrs.
James Gillan, Phillip Bradv, and Thomas
Koefe. Organised April 15,1871.
Ancient Order Hibernian Benevolent Sick
and Burial Society of Phenlx-Messrs. Phillip
Duffy, Patrick Carmil, and John O’Brien. Or
ganised April 14,1871.
Anotent Order of Hibernians of Westerly—
Messrs. *l? hn Pollina, Michael McDonald, and
William Kelleher. Organised February (J. 1871.
st. Patrick’s Benevolent Society, Providence
—Messrs. M. J. Sullivan, Patrick Waters, and
Andrew Carroll. Organised in April, 1863.
Laborers’ Union of Providence—Messrs. Pa
trick Shanly, M. Brady, and Peter Galligan.
Organised in 18ffl».
St. Mary’s Benevolent Society of Olneyvllle—
Messrs. P. J, Brannigan, Janies M. Corcoran,
and Christopher Fay.
St. Vincent de Paul Society of the Cathedral,
Providence—Messrs. B. McElroy, Jas. Murphy,
and Charles Kelly. Organised in IASB.
St. Vincent de Paul Society of South Provi
dence—Messrs. Patrick O'Brien, Peter Clinton,
and James Mulligan. Organised April 22, IMO.
St. I'atrlck’s Chletian Doctrine Society of
Providence—Messrs. George H. McCann, Wm.
J. Hughes, and Charles McPhilllpa.
Plunkett Lyceum of Olney vllie—Messrs. Wm.
IL Garvin, Terrence Kennedy, and T. J. Gkn
non. Organised December 1,1871.
Mr. T. B. McCoimack of South Providence,
moved that Bt. Patrick’s Day bo publicly cele
brated on Monday, lhe 18th of Marcb, 1872. The
motion passed unanimously.
Mr. McCormack moved that the convention
proceed to the election of u marshal for the
procession.
Mr. Hugh Kerr was elected.
Lieut. A. McHugh moved that the adjourn
ment of the convention bo to lour weeks from
Sunday next, which was carried, and the mo
tion as amended passed.
It was voted that the Marshal lav out a nro
gramme lor the celebration, nnd that tho civic
soclcliea of tho city boar their proportional
part of the expenses.
Mr.T. H. McCormack moved that tho Mayor
of Providence and the other municipal oflicors,
bn invited to appear in tho procession as guests.
Tho motion prevailed, and a committee of three
were appointed to wait upon His Honor and
bear the invitation.
Messrs. B. O'Donnell, J. Driscoll and Hugh
Kerr, wore appointed as said committee.
Mr. B. McElroy moved that His Excellency
the Governor and Staff be invited to appear in
tbe procession.
Tho rhotion passed, and Messrs. T. IC. Noo
nan and B. McElroy were appointed a commit
tee to boar the invitation.
Col. John M. Duffy upon invitation briefly
addressed the convention.
Adjourned.
A brace of Haeapmlea from the State
Farm.
About quarter past twelve o’clock last night,
Daniel McFadden and James Rourke, broke
out of the new cell room building at the Slate
Farm in Cranston, and led. The night watch
man, Augustus Longfellow, In making his
rounds, some fifteen minutes later, made the
discovery of tbo escapade,which seems to have
boon effected in the following manner: Rourke
had secreted a wire upon his person, and when
being locked In, fixed the wire In some way to
the bolt so that he was enabled to spring it back.
On getting out of his cell he procured an in*
strument with which be released McFadden,
and with the same instrument they cut around
the lock of the outer door and escaped. Dr.
Lovejoy, on being notified, dispatched Deputy
Superintendent G. F. Potter In search of the
runaways, and he failing to get any traces
of them, proceeded to the city, and not!*
fled the police authorities, besides notifying
severs! suburban officers to whom the esca
pades are known. Both men were rerving out
additional sentences on account of running
away. Tbelr original crime was drunkenness
and revelling. Of course Dr. Lovejoy wishes
to see them at the Farm again, and, known so
well to the police officials, it la most probable
they will soon again be in durance vile, with
not such good prospects hereafter for escape.
Pawtweket.
Good Fishing.—Two of our dtisens caught
In a few hours, on Saturday last, a string of
one hundred and thirty-two pickerel, which is
said to have been the handsomest lot of fish
ever brought Into thle place. They *lso caught
two fine trout.
PRICK ONE
HOLIDAY NOTICES.
L. K. JOSLIN,
NO. 23ft BROAD STREET.
Mr. Joslin iu his ntw uu<i Miacioun store,
with a large and choice stock, is prepared
to give bis patrons the most astonishing
bargains. Buyers ofgr-icerlea will make a
large saving by trading there.
FLAGG A ELLTB,
*OB. 10 AND 12 ARCADE.
This firm has been opening holiday pres
enu of every description, which are selling
very cheap. They have elegant black silks?
elegant evening silks, street alike in all
h P°Pllns, imitation camel** hair
and Paisley shawls; also misses* and chil
drens shawls, fur cloaks with muffs to
match; also, squirrel, oony, black and gray
01 whteh they propose
te sell at the smallest possible profits.
JOHN WILCOCKB,
18V HIGH BTKKKT.
A splendid assortment of Christmas and
New Years* presents can be found at Mr.
Wiloouka* store. He has some handsome
Juvenile books, and a host of toys. Also,
writing desks, handsome work boxes, ele
gant shell boxes, beautiful vases, Ac., Ac.
WM. E. CLARKE,
NO. 28 MAKKBT SQUARE,
lias many articles in bis .tore just suita
ble for the holiday trade, and he is disposed
to compete with any other dealer in the
same line of goods, feeling confident that
he can do as well If no* belter for the Inter
ests of the buyers. llis palatial store is Just
now the resort of many looking for gift ar
ticles.
8. A- DFXTER,
NO. 21X5 WESTMINSTER STREET,
Has frames, lookirg glasses, chromos,
stereoscopic views, and a general assort
ment of fancy pictures, which he is selling
at almost ruinous prices. There Is a great
demand for them at the present time.
CITY G’OV KHRJRKJKf.
Meeting of the Mayor and Board of
The Mayor and Board ol Aldermen held a
meeting in their chamber yesterday at 3 o’clock
—present the lull board.
Notices of intention to build wets received aa
follows: William Dyer, oirnarof Plane and
Richardson streets; Michael Kennedy, North
Corner of Valley and D'Laine streets; W.I.
Williams, 43 Clnverick street; James Arden,
Sevmour street.
The report of the Superintendent of the Dex
ter Asylum for the week I'mtlng Desember 16,
was noct veil: Admitted 1, discharged 5. re
maining 107.
The ioliowlng bills were allowed: Sone of
Temperance Division of South Providence for
usn of Temperance Hall, for election purposes,
•40; Washington Bridge Department, oil, 60;
•Dexter Gori on A Co. fnr Bridge Department,
expenses, 302 31; Henrv Staples to Department
of Public Buildings, |2l 73; Albert Daily A
Co for lumber used on bridges, |147 83; J. H.
Tower, 142 43; Gustave Williamson for ser
vices on Superior street. $3
William Grosvenor petition for Ilin reception
of Gano street. Petitioner had leave granted
to withdraw.
Tlio case of John Bllgh reopened, charged
with violation of hccnac at place kept by
Frank Hackett, on Acorn street, for
whom ho procured the license, and
considered pursuant to postponement, and
after introduction of testimony, the Board
voted sustaining the motion previously passed,
deciding that the law had born violate I, and
Instructing the City Solicitor to put the bonds
of Mr. Bligh In suit,
The cases of Patrick McCaffrey and Patrick
Rogers were continued to Thursday next.
The Joint committee on city property, who
were Instructed to consider the expediency of
purchasing additional land in the vicinity nt
Central Bridge, reported that the land could
not bo purchased leas than 73 cents a foot, and
therefore they reoom mend a, I that it would be
Inexpedient to purchase said I Hid. The report
w.is received and rocomtneudatlOu concurred
In.
The same committee reported on the petition
of Almira T. Dexter rela’ivn to the t ity accept-
Ing “Roger Williams Square*’ as a public
square, staling that they found the city had no
title to said property, and the communicant did
not clearly possess the right to make of It a gift
to the city or any other person. They there
fore recommended that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw. The report was received.
The same committee reported on ordnanco
rcferrrd to them, relative to altering the harbor
line, recommending non-concurrence.
An ordinance wan Introduced sea substitute,
providing for o*’ tblishlng of a more extended
harbor line, Tne report and ordinance were
laid on the table.
The Board then adjourned till Thursday
afternoon next, at throe o’clock.
Centreville,
Crtrtat. Wcdding—a largo and pleasant
company of tho relatives and friends of Gen.
Bnd8 nd Mrs. James Waterhouse assembled last
aturday evening, to unite with them In cele
brating the fifteenth anniversary of their mar
riage. Some one hundred and fifty invitations,
we understand, had been issued. There were
representatives from Lowell. Boston, Provi
dence, and other places, all of whom seemed m
the best of spirits, and were entertained by the
bride and groom with their usual bountiful
hospitality. The pleasant hours spent In the
parlors were followed by another In tbo dining
room, where a sumptuous table had been
spread by Mr. Ardoene in his most approved
fashion. We noticed half a dosen physicians
present, wnom the host bad taken the precan
tion to Invite, either from prudential or other
reasons. Happily there was no need of their
professional services up to thrtlme the com
pany separated. Several ministers, including
Rev. Mr. Brayton and Rev. Mr. Benton, were
also present. The hasty hours would not
stay, and tbe company departed with the best
wishes for tbelr entertainers, and surgestfng a
possible return at the future silver or golden,
should they ever come. p.
Wax.
Thk Fish abb Not all Gonb Tht.-Slx
hundred and fifty fish was'tne result of one
day’s fishing near the North Pine last week, be
Ing caught by those fishermen who are famous
for good luck, Tin,: Captain Denison Crandall,
with bis assistant, Captain Petry Ralph. A few
cod fish were taken out of the net by different
persons, but it fa evident that the season far
this species offish fa over.
Work on the new Episoepal ohureh in this
village, has been suspended far the winter, but
will be resumed again early fa the spring; the
stone work has reached the top 01 the windows,
and what baa been done the past season has
been thoroughly done, regardless of expense.
When completed it will bo one of the finest
churches In the State, ottisWs of the slty
churches.
Aldermen.
Fl er-