Worwster Sgg
PUBLISHED EVEHT MORNING,
(SUNDAY EXCKPTKD.)
t *8 per yean If paid strictly In aikaae*
Otherwise, 75 Vents per Month*
®be
F.STABLIsnKD JULY, 1770.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At MS per Annum.
J D. DAI.DWIN As CO., Proprietors.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
Worcester Jailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
There will be n rncc on the agricultural
grounds this afternoon, between the well known
horses “Farragut” and “Lady Sheridan.”
The November term of the superior eourt, for
the trial of civil eases, will begin at Fitchburg
next Monday, Judge Scudder presiding.
The Worcester naturalization and reading
room association have a notice among the ad
vertisements.
The superintendent of schools publishes a no
tice this morning, containing infoimation of in
terest to those desirous of entering the mechan
ical drawing school.
A new chinchilla overcoat, the cold weather
consolation and particular pride of a young
man on Clinton street, was stolen from an entry
way Wednesday evening. The thief made a $lO
speculation.
An omnibus is to leave for Millbury from the
headquarters of the young men’s Christian as
sociation, Pearl street, to attend the county con
vention, returning in the evening after adjourn
ment. The express train will also stop at Mill
bury to-day both ways.
It was the prohibitory, not the labor reform
ticket, which bore the name of the late J. S. C.
Knowlton for sheriff. A party that stands on
such a progressive platform as that adopted at
Framingham, would not be “so sadly behind
the times” as to make that nomination.
Mr. Aaron King, for many years a popular
conductor upon the Worcester and Nashua rail
road, having resigned that position, is to be
made the recipient of a tine marble mercurial
pendulum French clock, presented by his many
fiends, passengers upon the above road; previ
ous to which the clock will be on exhibition for
a few days in the show windows of Messrs.
Blake Robinson, of whom it was purchased.
A young woman, giving the name of Mary .1.
Smith, was around the city pretty much all day
yesterday, trying to get a pass to her home in
York state. She represented that she had been
m/ch abused by a renegade husband, who de
serted her a few weeks ago, and whom she traced
as far as Concord, N. IL, where she lost track of
him and got out of funds wherewith to prose
cute the search. She succeeded in obtaining a
pass, and went on home, husbandle-s.
Rev. L. W. Brooks (colored) is in the city, so
liciting aid for the institute for colored people,
at Washington,of which Rev. Dr. Turney is. presi
dent. This school is one ot the most useful and
deserving institutions of the kind, and,at the
same time, one of the mos/, needy, in the coun
try. Its business is to educate colored people,
and to prepare a portion of them to become
teachers and preachers; and its work is dune
thoroughly. Mr. Brooks is fully authorized
to collect money for the institute, and can be
safely trusted by those disposed to aid it. He
is connected with a church in Alexandria, Va.
About six o’clock last evening, or as soon as
the twilight had passed away, the whole north
ern sky was illuminated with beautiful rosy
light, deepening and fading by turns, but more
steady and less broken by flashes and cloud-like
waves than is usual with auroral displays. To
ward the northwest there was a splendid col
umn of brilliant color, changing from pink to a
deep red, and looking almost like a rush of
colored fire borne upward by a strong blast.
One standing on Main street and looking north
ward might have thought the sky was lighted up
by a vast conflagration. The auroral light con
tinued with undiminished beauty for five or six
hours, and had not entirely disappeared at two
o’clock. A display so magnificent in its bril
liancy and depth of color is very rarely seen.
The following letter has been received from
Chicago by Mayor Earle:
Edward Earle, Esq., Mayor, Worcester, Mass:
Dear Sir: —We are in receipt of fifty-four eases
of goods shipped by you on the 16th ult., same
being a contribution from the generous citizens
of Worcester, in aid of the sufferers by the late
disastrous tire in this city.
From the accompanying proclamation vou
will perceive that this society has been desig
nated as the channel through which all dona
tions arc distributed.
We desire, on behalf of our afflicted people,
to tender you and your large-hearted fellow citi
zens our warmest thanks for their noble and
timely aid to us in our distress.
The comfort and encouragement which your
valuable donation has already given to hundreds
of our destitute and houseless inhabitants is be
yond our power to describe, and we assure you
that our gratitude is as deep and sincere as your
gift is useful and considerate.
1 am, dear sir, respectfully and thankfully
yours, Wirt Dexter,
Chairman Ex. Committee.
Levee.—The ladies of the Laurel street so
ciety entertained their friends last evening by
a generous spread of good and pretty things
in Washburn hall. The fancy articles offered
for sale, and the substantial articles offered
for eating, were equally attractive, and found
customers according to taste; while those who
didn’t care to taste found ample opportunity
to chat with thtir friends. It is desirable that
all should go into the hall hungry this even
ing, for a clam chowder will be served in ad
dition to the bill offered last night.
Municipal Court.—Ten cases came up for
disposal, yesterday, in the municipal court, and
received al tention as here shown Stephen Rice,
for keeping open shop Sunday Jwas fined $lO
and costs, which was paid; Mary Buckley,
charged with the same offence, was discharged;
Hugh McCann, for truancy, was sent to the
truant school to stay one year; John Mark,
for drunkenness, second offence, paid $5 and
costs; Michael Boyle, also in the category of
tipplers, paid $2 and costs, while Janies Mc-
Gowan, another of ’em, couldn’t pay his fine
of $3 and costs, and was sent to jail to work
out the amount. The. cases of John Readv,
James Riley and Henry Lonerd, for assault
and battery, were continued. The larceny case
of Patrick Sweeney was defaulted.
Superior (Criminal) Court—Devens, J.
Thursday, Nov. 9.— In the Sawyer and Morse
adultery case, the evidence was concluded at
about eleven o’clock, when Hon. P. Emory Al
drich began bis argument for the defence, occu
pying about two hours. District Attorney Rice
began his closing argument for the government
at the opening of the court in the afternoon, and
occupied one hour and three-quarters. Both
arguments were very able, and elicited the
closest attention, not only of the jury, but of
the spectators, who filled every available space
in the court room. The judge occupied about
half an hour in his charge to the jury, to whom
thecase was given a little before five o’clock, but
they had not agreed upon a verdict when the
court adjourned.
Rufus H. Belding, of Douglas, appellant,
pleaded guilty of being a common seller, and
the sentence of the eourt below, a fine of S2O and
costs, was rcaflirmed.
Edward B. Knapp, of Douglas, pleaded guilty
of liquor keeping, and of maintaining a liquor
nuisance. He was fined SSO and costs for nuis
ance, and the complaint against him for liquor
keeping was placed on file.
Bernard Flynn, of Millord, convicted of man
slaughter, was sentenced to the house of correc
tion for two years.
On trial, John Finnegan of Worcester, on three
complaints, for being drunk, disturbing the
peace, and assault on officer. W. A. Williams
for defendant.
The case of Reuben Perris, on two new indict
ments, for being accessory before and after the
fact in the Grafton bank robbery, lias been as
signed tor trial two weeks from next Monday, if
nt al).
The Fern Exhibition closed last evening,
having been successfully carried on three days,
afternoon and evening. Additions were made
to the display up to last evening, and a lively
trade in ferneries, ferns, mosses, Ac., added to
the profit of the enterprise. The committee to
award the premiums offered by the society,
Mrs. Theo. Brown, Mrs. George Sumner, Miss
Lucy Knowlton, Messrs. E. D. Buffington,
and H. L. Shumway, have made the following
awards. It should be stated that the cases were
designated only by numbers, and the names of
iilailp Spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 267.
the owners were not known to the committee
till after the award was decided, 'flic names of
the owners were then affixed to the eases. The
committee report as follows:
“The committee appointed for awarding the
premiums lor the ferneries, baskets, etc., on ex
hibition at Natural History hall, found their
task by no means an easy one, there was
many cases almost equally beautiful.
fhc large stand, enclosing hanging baskets,
calla, ferns, etc., was thought to be a small
green house by itself, and was ruled out of the
list of turneries. A gratuity ol $2 was awarded
its owner, Mrs. Wm Heald. A beautiful frame
of choice ivies supporting a hanging basket of
choice plants, exhibited by Mrs. Garter Whit
comb, should also be mentioned with credit.
“The committee award
“Forth** liest fernery, 21 entries—lst premium of
$5 to Mr E B Hamilton; 2d premium of $3 to Mrs
Nathaniel Paine; 3d premium of $1 to Mr Il Wa
ters of Clinton.
“For the l»est fernery made from native ferns and
n'ants, 7 entries—lst premium of $3 to Miss Lizzie
Bliss; 2d premium ofsl to Mrs M P Higgins.
“For the best stand or dish of terns and mosses or
other plants, designed for the parlor, 7 entries—lst
premium of $2 to .Mrs Albert 8 Brown; 2d premium
o F 81 to Miss Lizzie Bliss.
“For the best hanging basket, 7 entries—lst pre
mium of S 3 to Mrs Carter Whitcomb; 2<i premium
of 82 to Mrs F II Dewey; 3d premium of $1 toMrC
I) Thayer.
“For the best single specimen of fern, 2 entries—
Premium of Si to Mrs DTalnter.
“For tin* best collection of ferns in pots-Ist
premium of S 3 to Hon Stephen Salisbury; 2d, not
awarded.
“Gratuities—Mrs Win Heald. $2; Mr TW Ham
mond, 81; Mrs F 11 I) w<y, 81; Mr /x W Johnson,
81; Mrs .1 S Rogers, ®l.”
The own irs of ferneries left in the hall arc re
minded that they must be removed today, the
hall having been engaged by other parlies for
the evening.
Dedication of the New Singer Halle.
The new rooms of the Frohsinn singing society,
in Waldo block, were thoroughly dedicated last
evening by the Germans and their friends, with
exercises appropriate to the initiation of the
johy scenes destined to transpire within the sev
eral apart incuts before our German friends
shall have done with them. The rooms include
all of the original Waldo block above the
ground floor, and consist of a large hall, with
the stage at one end, and two ante-rooms, on
the secund floor; and a smaller hall, with
twu ante-rooms, on the third or upper
floor. The whole has been neatly fitted
up and decorated by Messrs. Clark, Sawyer
Co., with four large figures on the walls of the
large hall, representing Spring, Summer, Au
tumn and Winter The walls were hung around
with the familiar pictures taken from the old
rooms, and the ceiling was trimmed lor the oc
casion with evergreens. The stage is supplied
with new scenery, painted by Mr. H. Story of
Boston. The president ol the society, B. Volk
mar, gave a brief history of its thirteen years’
existence, after which "The Wife with a Cork
Lyg,” a farce by Froid rich, was well played by
Misses Meyer and Mayerbcrger, and Messrs.
Blasey, Barikoff and Keller. The customary
dance, with music by Barnard Richardson’s
baud, closed the dedicatory exercises.
Another Pious Fraud.—A man who would
like extremely well tu have people think him a
Baptist minister,was arrested in this city yester
day and is now behind the grates, deprived of
his sermons and saintly reputation. He spent
Wednesday night in the family of a well-known
citizen, piously pretending to friendship through
a third party in another city. His actions led
the gentleman to think all was not as it should
be, and information was given at the office of po
lice which led to his capture and further de
velopments. He gave his name as Charles 11.
Cutler at first; but denied it in a few
minutes and said it was Walker,
which he also denied in less than
an hour. It appears that he has been in the
city before, and was skulking around to avoid
the officers, having arranged to leave the city
on a freight train when arrested. He at first
denied having any baggage; but an officer had
seen him leave it in a shop near the Junction
depot, so that lie exploded, and he proceeded to
fix up others.
In hunting him up, the fact was brought out
that he had called upon Rev. Harris R. Greene,
at the Oread, and on going there it was found
by the officer that he represented to Mr. Greene
that he was a Baptist clergyman out of funds,
trying to reach his family in Richmond,
Va., from which he had been absent
about six weeks. Mr. Greene believed
his story, and gave him five dollars,
with which to reach New York, in the
form of a check on the First national bank.
Tnis check he tore up and threw into the bot
tom of the wagon while being taken to the sta
tion. His valise contained a supply of ser
mons, and his personal appearance was of the
ministerial order, tall and slim—rather of the
Aminadab Sleek sort. Aman from Boston says
that the same imposter preached last Sunday
evening in Kneelaud street chape), where lie col
lected eight dollars, and engaged to deliver a
temperance lecture the following Fridoy evening.
When arrested he |had fifty dollars with him,
which he accounts for in various unreasonable
ways.
Mark Twain’s Lecture.—Mr. Samuel L.
Clemens, the “Mark Twain” of celebrity as a
humorous writer, delivered the second lecture
in the Lyceum course, last evening. Mechanics
hall was filled, and in the audience there was a
sufficient number of people with a just appreci
ation of wit to acknowledge the hour of fun,
and humh most heartily; hut there were others
who did not appreciate the treat, and went down
stairs at the close, talking about the very silly
lecture they had listened to. How such people
could have possibly expected anything else than
what was given, we are at a loss to imagine, for
there stood the veritable Mark Twain, talking
fun in exactly the same vein that he has written
sojmuch fun for the last dozen years or more.
lie stood by the desk a few minutes before be
ginning, and then started off in a manner so en
tirely characteristic that any one of his admir
ing readers would have found no difficulty in
recognizing Mark Twain. He introduced him
self, saying in explanation that he didn’t believe
in introducing lecturers tojthc audience, any
way, when they had been advertised and duly
announced; bu‘, if it must be done, he preferred
to do it himself, and in that way he could rely
upon getting in all the facts about himself. This
little thrust at the prevalent custom of introduc
ing lecturers with an eulogistic flourish, was
done in an irresistibly funny way, with an oc
casional pause, and a voice as peculiar as the
manner of delivery. He said that when he
started out on this lecturing expedition be in
tended to include in his lociurc accounts
of some six or seven men with whom
lie had met in his liletime; but
he found it impossible to crowd so many men
into an hour, and concluded to single out Arte
mus Ward and talk about him, although he
could only be got into an hour by squeezing.
There is not an abundance of material for a
sketch ol Artemus Ward, but Mr. Clemens
made the n ost of it, and the slender thread of
the narrative was a string for endless stories and
happy hits, which illustrated the subject and
kept the audience in a perpetual state of pleas
ant excitement. Mr. Clemens is infinitely droll
in his manner of telling a story, and we doubt
if the facet ire of Ward himself were ever
so telling when be uttered them as they
were last night in the lepetition. The
lecturer made to stand out very clearly the
character oi Artemus, the humbug showman,
which Mr. Browne created: he did not cover
the failings of the humorist, but he gave him
credit for his manliness, bis hatred of shams
and pretensions; and in a few simple words
he made very pathetic the story of his last days
in London.
Mr. Clemens is a slenderly built man, be
tween thirty-five and forty years of age, with a
keen eye and regular features, set off to good
advantage by a heavy black moustache and
an abundance of hair. He was plainly dressed
in black, and had the general appearance of a
man without a paiticle ol affectation or preten
sion about him.
COUNTY NEWS.
At the town meeting held in Fitchburg on th j
7th, u committee, consisting of Alvah Crocker,
E. T. Miles, T. K. Ware, Alfred Hit dicock, and
Geo. Robbins, was elected to procure the fran
chise of a city charter, at the coming session of
the legislature.
The Catholic church at Rochdale was broken
into, a few nights since, and the valuable holy
vessels of the altar were carried away.
Gen. Hawley delivered the opening lecture of
the course in Grafton, last evening, to a large
audience. When he left the cars his portman
teau, containing the MS. lor “Gentlemen in
Politics,” was not taken off the train; blithe
was ready with the lecture, and gave perfect
satisfaction. The next lecture in the course will
be on the 22d, by Mrs. M. A. Livermore. The
Grafton brass band furnished music last eve
ning.
The. annual target-shoot of the Sterling Infan
try, Co. I, l()th regiment, took place yesterday,
in connection with a parade, fur which the Clin
ton brass band furnished the music. The target
was an "Indian” at 200 yards, and when the
trial ended, the aforesaid had then pierced by 33
balls. The best shot, which hit the heart, was
made by Charles E. Filch; the second best by
Ed. P. Bartlett, and the third best by Edward
Stevenson. Tnc poorest shot in the target was
made by Lieut. Charles E. Tenney. The victories
of the day were celebrated by a dance at the
Town hall in the evening.
LATEST NEWS.
TELEGRAPH
TO TUR WORCESTER B 411. V
From Washington.
POSTAL.
Washington, D. C., Nov. !i. The post office
department has been notified by the Cui led
States and Brazil steamship company, contract
ors for mail service lie I well Brazil ami this
country, that they offer steamships Erie and
Ontario for said service, in addition to the ves
sels now running in their line, and said steam
ships will accordingly be reported to the secre
tary of the navy for the inspection required by
law prior to being placed in the mail service.
CUSTOMS RECEIPTS.
The following are the customs receipts for the
week ending Oct. 28:
New York $3,522,553
Philadelphia 1T5,715
Boston 680,944
Baltimore 222,629
New Orleans 157,774
A HISTORIC SHOW
The lord mayor s show, with its usual display
and proccsion to Westminster hall, passed off
to-day, to the entire satisfaction of the multi
tude who thronged the streets and tilled the
windows of Fleet street and the Strand. The
weather was exceptionally fine.
SAWDUST SWINDLERS.
Some swindler, giving the name of Charles J.
Whittington, No. 44 John street, New York, has
been sending circulars to various parties, offer
ing to supply them with perfectly executed
counterfeit notes of the Bank of England at low
rates. Several of the circulars h ive been hand
ed to rhe London police magistrates, who have
telegraphed the facts to rhe New York police.
The Times exposes the fact in a city article.
Doubtless Whittington is one of the operators,
who, in return for money sent by his victims,
forwards boxes of sawdust.
A NEW LONDON MATTER.
The plans which were submitted to the secre
tary of the treasury for the removal of the post
office at New London, Conn., to the custom
house, have been disapproved.
ESTIMATES.
The treasury department has commenced the
preparation of estimates for the next fiscal year.
NEWS FROM SPARTANBURG.
A letter from Spartanburg, S. C., says: Last
Friday night a squad of cavalry rode out in the
direction of Limestone spring, and returned with
eleven kuklux prisoners. Thus far, all who
could give good bonds have been admitted to
nail, and arc making preparations for their trial.
vacancies.
There is a lively contest for the vacant offices
in Philadelphia, caused bv the death of United
States Marshal Gregory, the transfer of Collector
Sickets of the fourth district to be pension agent,
in place of Forbes, and the resignation by Mayor
elect Stokely of the assessorship of the second
district. A number of Philadelphia politicians
have arrived to urge the claims of their respec
tive favorites, but, as yet, the president has
taken no action in the matter.
FURTHER RETRENCHMENT.
A consolidation of the second and fourth reve
nue districts is talked of, with the collector of
the second and the assessor of the fourth in
charge. D. W. C. Baxter and J. N. Kerns are
said to be prominent applicants for Gun. Grego
ry’s position.
DEALINGS WITH THE INDIANS.
Delegate McCormick, of Arizona, who has
been in consultation during the week with Presi
dent Gram, Gen. Sherman and the secretary of
war and secretary of the interior, is understood
to say that the new programme for the control
of the Indians in Arizona will be satisfactory
to his constituents, if strictly adhered to, anil
Gen. (’rook is detained in his dealing with hos
tile Indians. The fifth cavalry is ordered to Ari
zona, to relieve the third, and will proceed
there at once. McCormick has piotested
against certain acts of Colyer during his visit
to Arizona, and says he is satisfied that they
were not authorized and are not approved by
the president. He denies that there was any
purpose on the part of his constituents to mis
use Colyer, and says they do not wish for war
measures an hour longer than it is necessary
to convince the Apaches that they must cease
their robberies and murders. The Arizonians
object, however, to the assertion that the In
dians, as a class, arc honest and peaceably dis
posed, or ever have been.
Our New York Dispatches.
Whnt the New Attorney Geiiernl Mayu
Vale Ijedwith— The Kepnrt about the
KeMignation of Tweed, ete.
New York, Nov. 9. —Gen. Barlow, the newly
elected attorney general of the state, says that
criminal proceedings will be immediately com
menced against every man implicated in the
city frauds. He says further, “We can never
easily rid ourselves of all corrupt officials. The
mayor, the commissioners, the different munici
pal bureaus, the judges in the city and inferior
courts and judges of the higher courts a ill be
reached by impeachment. A new city charter
will be framed and a new election ordered.”
Both Norton (defeated by Benedict) and Brad
ley (defeated by O’Brien) attribute their defeat
to connection with Tammany.
Judge Ledwith has retired tu his country seat
on Long Island.
Sheriff Brennan states that he considers
Tweed's reported resignation as commis<iunerof
public works as true, and Mayor Hall last eve
ning stated that be was not at liberty to answer
the query whether Tweed had resigned. Tweed
has very recently disposed of all his railway
stock and real estate at a considerable sacrifice.
Seven hundred shares of the Third avenue horse
railway he sold at 170, the ruling price being
196. His name has been dropped from the
board ofdirectors of that road. It is the general
impression of his political friends and the public
that be is about to vamose.
Ingersoll has returned, and he voted on Tues
day. He will be arrested as soon as a new order
from Attorney Champlin is received by the sher
iff. Fields is to be arrested to day. lie has bail
bonds ready.
Samuel Tilden believes that neither Tweed nor
Fields will be allowed to take seats in the legis
lature.
Waltman, the Tammany candidate for the
senate, who was defeated by Weissman, states
that he was deceived by Tweed. He has spent a
large amount of money to no purpose, and here
after will attend to his business, leaving politics
alone, considering himself not equal to the
emergency.
Deputy Controller Green states that the result
of ihe election is already felt in the improved
price of the city bonds, and he will now have
no trouble in raising any amount of money.
Thomas C. Fields was arrested to-day, and
gave bail in $200,000.
At a meeting of the aldermen, to-day, the
chairman ol the committee of that body was ap
pointed to act with the supervisors ami citizens
in the investigation of frauds in the city ac
counts. It is stated that said committee re
ceived a report from citizens which has been
published.
Fields’ sureties are Hawley L. Clapp, hotel
keeper, and F. De Barry, wine impoitcr.
Spencer, counsel far Irving, has applied to
Judge Woodruff lor a writ of habeas corpus,
contending that Davenport’s action is unlawful
in issuing an order directing the attorney gen
eral to show cause lor the non-granting ofa
writ.
Tweed has not resigned, and will not. He
was at his office this afternoon, and was called
upon bv maav friends.
He will take his scat in the senate on the open
ing dav. O’Donovan Rossa will, however, con
test the seat, on the ground of illegal voting
and false canvassing, to prove which he is said
to have plenty ot witnesses.
McMahon, reformer, will contest Blair's scat
in the assembly and Kilian will contest Frear’s.
Tweed said to-day that he is ready with a re
ply to Judge Learned’s warrant when the twen
ty days are up.
It is rumored this afternoon that Mayor Hall
intends to resign before the organization of the
new municipal boards.
James O’Brien was serenaded to-night by the
democratic reform general committee of the Bth
ward.
WORCESTER: FRIDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 10, 1871.
John H. Keyser is believed to De traveling in
Florida or the Carolinas for his health. His
partner says a little property at Aiken, S. C
was bought by Keyser months ago, with the in
tention of establishing a home for northern in
valids.
Gen Barlow, yesterday, thus detailed the fu
ture plans of the reformers: “Wecm now easily
rid ourselves of all our corrupt officials, the
mayor, the commissioners, officers in the differ
ent municipal bureaus, the indges of the city
courts and inferior courts, in fact, all the crea-
tion of the new charter can be and will be abol
ished bv legislative enactment. A new charter
will be framed and an election oidered under it.
The judges of the higher courts, who are con
stitutional appointments, will lie reached
through impeachment. All that miserable
coterie of Tammany republicans now holding
office in the several departments are iorever po
litically crushed. They can never again hold
their heads up in the republican party, and it is
very certain that they will never have the chance
in the d 1 moeratic. Criminal proceedings will tie
commenced against every man who is implicat
ed in ttie city frauds. This is only the com
mencement of the reform. If it is the end, then
we have made a great ado about nothing. The
people want those who have stolen their money
sent to the state prison, and the. same evidence
that caused the arrest of the thieves should be
sufficient to indict them.”
I lie Standard nominates George Jones, of the
Times, for mayor, and urges the committee of
seventy to organize Jones clubs at once.
Theodore B. Baunsun, leader of a gang of
bounty and back pay claim forgers, wasarres’ed
here last evening. It is stated that he has
manipulated forgud claims on the government
amounting to $490,000. His headquartershave
lately been in Chicago.
A number of inventors meet hereon the 13th
ot December for the purpose of forming a na
tional union.
The complete vote for aldermen in this city
stands: Tammany, 47,801; anti Tammany, 72.-
892.
The scholars of the public schools of this city
conti ibutc $13,000 for Chicago.
Governor Hoffman and staff'have returned to
Albany.
The petition for the pardon of Rossel, the con
victed Paris communist, has received the signa
tures of all the French residents here.
The Sun states that the building of the Via
duct railway, one of the Tammany jobs, is in
definitely postponed.
There were fourteen new cases of small pox
last week.
It is stated that Sigel will make O’Donovan
Rossa deputy register.
A mass meeting of the young men’s munici
pal reform association will be held next week at
the Cooper institute.
“I he Little Church Around the Corner” was
filled with a gaily dressed company yesterday,
to witness the marriage of a daughter of Lester
Wallack to Arthur Livingston Sewall. The
bridesmaids were Missus Chamberlain, Brooks,
Bonner and Newcomb; the groomsmen, Messrs.
Granger, Hemmens, Ballour and Danbell; the
ushers, the Messrs. Wallack. A select reception
at the house of the bride’s parents followed the
ceremony.
James Fishcark, who, while passing through
West street, in this city, last night, was attacked
by John Cullen and Patrick Geary and stabbed
in the abdomen, is in a dying condition. His
assailants were arrested.
Thomas Holland tell on a large cleaver in a
slaughter house on Forty-first street, last eve
ning, severing an artery in his leg. .The result
will probably be fatal.
Wm Wiggins, while intoxicated, lay down to
sleep on the Harlem railroad, near White Plains,
yesterday, and had both legs taken off by a
passing train.
Gen. Sherman and staff will be here on Satur
day, to take passage on the’frigate Wabash.
The general term of the supreme court has
reversed the judgment giving Captain Samuels
$5900 for alleged lilwl by the Evening Post.
All the firemen of the Tenth avenue disaster
will recover.
Mr. Wolfe died in the hospital Tuesday night
from swallowing half a pound of shot, on the
advice of an old woman, to relieve constipation
of the bowels.
Mathew Kenny, bill poster, arrested in Brook
lyn charged with being the leader of a band of
repeaters, was released on SIOOO bail.
A committee appointed at a Brooklyn meet
ing, this morning, have issued calls for a mass
meeting of tax payers in the Academy of Music
to-morrow night, to express indignation at the
ring frauds alleged to have lx*cn perpe’rahil on
Tuesday. Mayor Kalbflcisch will preside. Sev
eral returns from districts in five wards in Brook
lyn are still missing.
It appears one United States Commissioner
White dischargedJJim Irving to-day, on his re
cognizance, but he’was immediately re-arrested
on a warrant for the same offence—assaulting
Marshal Downey—issued by Commissioner
Davenport. Irving was taken before the latter,
who ordered him to be taken to Ludlow street
jail, in irons, to await examination to-morrow.
Irving is a prominent politician, and this sum
mary arrrest causes some excitement in certain
circles.
cabinet factory, Warren street. Brook
lyn, was burned this morning; loss, $5900.
Marshal Sharpe, fearing that Jim Irving’s
friends would rescue him from the Ludlow street
jail, has issued an order for his removal to a
United States fort.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Nov. 9 —Chas. I*. Kelley, freight
cashier of the Hartford and Erie railroad, was
knocked down by four ruffians to-night and
robbed of a watch and combination keys to the
safe. His money was overlooked.
Henry B. Blackwell gave his first lecture this
evening on San Domingo. Dr. S. G. Howe, one
of the United States commissioners, presided,
and made a brief address. A large audience was
present, who were much interested.
There is a brilliant and magnificent display of
the aurora borealis to-night.
At the coroner’s inquest in relation to the
murder of Kate Leehan, held this afternoon,
among the witnesses examined was Michael
Cusick, whose statements are somewhat con
tradicted by another witness named John Ryan.
Cusick is locked up, and Rvan is under bonds
to appear as witness. The inquest is adjourned
until to-morrow, when there may be some new
developments.
CONNECTICUT.
Norwich, Nov. 9.—Arrived at New London,
to-day, whaling bark Concordia, from Cumber
land inlet, with two thousand barrels of whale
oil and twenty-five thousand pounds of bone to
Williams Haven.
Hartford, Nov. 9.—Charles Paine, hrakc
man on a freight train on the Providence and
Fishkill railroad, was knocked from the top of
the car near Bristol by a bridge, this afternoon,
and his skull fractured.
There was a brilliant auroral display at six
o’clock to-night, with less brilliancy through
the night.
The stockholders of the JEtna insurance com
pany 10-day voted to reduce the capital stock to
$1,500,000, and subsequently voted to increase
the stock the same amount, which will give the
company an ample reinsurance fund, and ena
ble ?t to meet the requirements of the insurance
laws of every state. The Chicago losses of the
company were stated at $3,100,000. The premi
um receipts since the fire have been nearly
three-quarters of a million.
New Haven, Nov. 9. —The Jarves collection
of Italian paintings was sold at auction to-day.
It was bought by Yale college for $22,000.
RHODE ISLAND.
Providence, Nov. 9.—The Rhode Island
woman suffrage association, at the annual meet
ing, to-day, voted to become auxiliary to the
American association. Mrs. E. B. Chase was re
elected president. Among the speakers were
Col. Higginson, Lucy Stone, Rev. Celia Burleigh
and Mrs. E. K. Churchill.
Fatal Accidents.
KILLED BY A FALL.
New York, Nov. 9.—Cliarles Holden was in
stantly killed, and Daniel Ward fatally injured,
by falling from a scaffolding in Hoboken this
morning.
ENGINEER DROWNED.
Chicago, Nov. 9.—As a train on the Chicago
and Northwestern railroad was approaching the
bridge at Kinzie street, yesterday, the bridge
swung open and the engine, which could not be
checked in time, broke the couplings and
plunged into the river, leaving the ears on the
track. The engineer was drowned.
Criminal Record.
MORE KUKLUX ARRESTS.
New York, Nov. 9.—A Columbia, S. C., dis
patch states that several at rests have been ma Ie
at Union Court House by the United States mar
shal, and more are being made. The dispatch
says the feeling is very bitter, and if bloodshed
ensues it would not be surprising.
CHARGE TO a GRAND JUKI
San Francisco, Nov. 9.—Judge Le I‘elveda 1
delivered an impressive charge to the grand
jury at Los Angeles, to-day, urging them to
avoid prejudice and sustain the cause of law, or
der and morality by indicting the perpetrators
of the recent atrocious massacres of the Chinese
NEW DEVELOPMENTS IN UTAH.
Salt Lake City, Nov. 9.—Notwithstanding
the grand jury and officers of the court have
kept their secrets wonderfully well, it is now as
certained that the indictments against Brigham
Young, Mayor Wells and Hosea Stout, for mur
der, were not found upon the sole testimony of
Bill Hickman, the so-called “destroying angel.”
L is known that, on the trial, witnesses wi 1 be
produced for the prosecution not implicated in
the charge at all, who, it is said, will testify
about all that Hickman has sworn, and perhaps
more.
A meeting of Methodists was held at Wil
mington, on Wednesday evening, to help the
churches of their denomination in Chicago.
Two thousand dollars were subscribed.
FROM EUROPE.
dreat llritHiii*
COUNTERFEITERS.
Lundi n, Nov. 9.—Some swindler, giving the
name of Charles I. Whittington, No. 44 John
street, New York, has been sending circulars
to various parties offering to supply them with
perfectly executed counterfeit notes of the Bank
of England at low rates. Several of the Circu
lars have been handed to the Ixmdi n police
magistrates, who have telegraphed the facts to
the New York police. The Tunes exposes the
facts in a city article this morning. Doubtless
Whittington is one us the operators who, m re
turn for money sent by his victims, forwards
boxes of sawdust.
THE BANQUET.
The festivities closed with the usual banquet
by the lord mayor, at Guildhall, which was at
tended by a brilliant company of ministers,
members of parliament, ambassadors and other
distinguished persons. Among the guests were
Mr. Gladstone and several members of the cabi
net, and Mr. Schenck, American minister. The
toast to the diplomatic corps, which was fully
represented at the banquet, was responded to by
Mr. Schenck, who,in thecourseof his remarks,
made a graceful and feeling allusion to the sym
pathy shown by England for the inhabitants of
Chicago in their great calamity. His speech
was loudly and significantly cheered.
Mr. Gladstone, replying to the toast to her
majesty's government, said he was thauklul to
be able to state that, at the present moment,
England had actually no quail cl, fend or con
troversy with a foreign power anywhere on the
wide surface us the globe. England’s place in
Europe was that of one among many sisters, in
separable from the European lamily; but he
was glad that her peculiar position removed
her from risks of European dissensions. Peace
was never so certain as now. He believed that
the sentiments of friendship and attachment
which had been expressed by the minister of the
United States, on the part es the Americans for
their brothers in Great Britain, were univer
sally felt in the breasts of both nations. “When,”
said Mr. Gladstone, with much earnestness,
“the American minister spoke of the relief for
Chicago, the hearts of this great hall answered
him. America has been equally ready to pour
out her treasure tor our relict.” (Prolonged
cheering.
“The treaty of Washington,” he continued,
"not only obviates future controversies, but is
1 he extension of that international code, which
is the most remarkable of the triumphs of civil
ization, and may possibly inaugurate a peaceful
arbitration of all disputes among nations.” The
premier concluded by declaring that England
had little to fear from interim! troubles, and
that the international society, a source of so
much apprehension to her neighliors, caused no
uneasiness here.
Fra urc.
EXPLOSION.
Paris, Nov. 9.—A terrible explosion occurred
to-day in the coal mines near St. Etienne, while
the gangs were at work. None of the men have
yet been recovered alive. Twenty-two bodies
have been taken out, and thirty miners arc
still in the pit, all of whom are supposed to
be dead. The explosion was caused by fire
damp.
MILITARY.
In the general council of Eure, yesterday.
Minister Ponyer Qucrtier said Thiers, who had
been opposed to making military service obliga
tory, was beginning to yield before the necessity
lor such a measure to bring the army up to the
proper standing of efficiency.
EDUCATIONAL.
The general councils of the departments
throughout the country arc considering the sub
ject of compulsory education. Several have
already adopted a system. Many have declared
in favor of it, and there is good reason to be
lieve that all will eventually accept and carry it
iu*o practical operation.
Mpain.
THE INTERNATIONALS.
Madrid, Nov. 9.—A political league designed
to combat the objects of the plans of the inter
national society is in course of formation here.
It includes the opposition to the Cuban insur
gents.
more adout the internationals.
The increasing influence of the international
society, in the country, is becoming evident,
from the attitude which is being assumed by the
laboring classes in many of the larger cities of
the kingdom. Numerous strikes of working
men have been commenced, which, if protracted,
will possibly prove disastrous to the interests of
the districts affected. The initial movement lias
been taken in Barcelona, where a general trade
strike is now in progress. This new aggressive
movement in the struggle of labor against capi
tal, is known to be the work of the international
society, and causes serious uneasiness in trade
circles. It is believed that, notwithstanding the
recent demonstration against the society by the
government and the efforts which have been
made for its suppression, it continues to increase
in strength, and has already obtained a firm
foothold among the laboring classes.
<3rrmnny.
THE STRIKES.
Berlin, Nov. 9.—Extensive strikes are an
nounced at Elbing, an important port in the
eastern part of Prussia, among the manufac
turies,especially sugar refineries, wool and other
factories, wherein steam power is extensively
used.
The Elections.
New York.
New York, Nov. 9.—Frederick A. Schroeder,
republican, is elected controller of Brooklyn,
one of the most important offices in the city.
Shaurman, city auditor, and a leading demo
crat, conceded last evening the election of Bur
rows, republican, for tax-collector. The evi
dence. of fraud in Brooklyn is very strong. The
republicans have gained four assemblymen in
Brooklyn. One ward in that city is not yet
counted.
The senate stands 8 democrats and 24 republi
cans, showing a net republican gain of ten dis
tricts. The assembly stands 34 democrats and
94 republicans, showing a net republican gain
of 81 districts.
In the city 15 anti-Tammany aidermen and 18
assistant aidermen are elected.
The following are the majorities of other elected
officials: Wm. M. Tweed. 10,513; Erastus U.
Benedict, 5000; Augustus Wiesmann, 2000; Jas.
O'Brien, 13,000; Daniel F. Tirmann,6ooo; Judge
Barrett is elected judge of the supreme court
by an enormous majority; Wm. E. Curtis and
Jno. Seligwick arc elected judges of the supe
rior court; Chas. P. Daly, judge of the common
picas; Alex. Spaulding, judge of the.marinc
court, and Franz Sigel, register.
Buffalo, Nov. 9.—The official count shows
that James Sheldon, republican, has been elected
judge of the superior court, instead of George
Wadsworth, republican, as before reported.
Sheldon leads Wadsworth by five votes. George
Clinton, democratic, the other judge elected to
the superior court, ran over 300 ahead of all
competitors.
Minnesotn.
St. Paul, Nov. 9.—Election returns from
thirty-nine counties give Austin, for governor, a
majority of 5535. The portions of the state to
hear from are republican, and will swell his ma
jority considerably. Austin receives sixty-one
majority in St. Paul, running nearly three hun
dred ahead of his ticket.
ArkaiiNa*.
Little Rock, Nov. 9.—The entire republican
ticket was elected. Five hundred colored citi
zens were denied the right to vote, and numbers
of white men also, because they were unfriendly
to the authorities.
Chicago Dispatches.
The <4roNvenor Caw*) etc*
Chicago, Nov. 9.—in his address to the
grand jury, Judge Williams touched upon the
killing of Col. Grosvenor, and referred to let
ters published purporting to come from Gov.
Palmer in relation to the indictment of Lieut.
Gen. Sheridan, Mayor Mason, and others. He
says they should find no bill against any party
except on information of two of their members,
who have a personal knowledge of the facts.
Neither the prosecuting attorney nor the court
has a right to instruct as to whom they shall in
dict.
It would be dangerous to private rights, and
an invasion of your prerogative, if ever a court
should advise whom you should indict, apd if
this court may not do it, far less may any per
son who does not sustain to you any official re
lation. Should any one not of your body seek
to influence you by written, printed or verbal
communications to any one of you, you will in
form the court, that the offender may be dealt
with for contempt.
The prosecuting attorney of this court informs
me that he knew nothing of a letter said to be
addressed to him, until he saw it published in
the city papers. If it was written by the gov
ernor, it was only a private letter to the district
attorney, and should have been in bis hands be
fore it was given to the papers. It would be in
consistent with the high reputation of our chief
magistrate for integrity and legal learning, to
suppose he designed those letters to be published
in order to influence your action as a grand
jury.
Train Wrecked*
Cincinnati, Nov. 2.—A passcnccr train on
the Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Junction rail
road was thrown from the track by a cow, cast
of Liberty, Indiana, this afternoon, wrecking
the engine, tender, baggage, passenger, and Pull
man sleeping cars. Ten persons are reported
seriously injured. As soon as the news readied
Liberty, the citizens promptly repaired to the
scene, and conveyed the sufferers to residences,
where everything possible was done to alleviate
their sufferings. The train was terribly wrecked,
and it is surprising that no one wan killed. No I
blame is attached to those in charge of the
train. I
Sporting Affairs.
FLEETWOOD PARK.
Nf.w York. Nov. 9. —Topsey beat Grace Ber- j
tram in none thousand dollar match in Fleet
wood patk yesterdav. Best time 2:38). Kingston
and running mate and Honest Allen and mate
trotted four heats, when the race was postponed
until to-day on account of the darkness. The
bust time was 2:18J. The stake is $2009.
Thu Wrnllier.
Washington, Nov. 9. —The low barometer
in Illinois will probably move eastward on to
Lake Erie, Friday. Easterly winds will continue I
on Lake Michigan, backing to northwest; south
west winds, with rain, from Georgia to Virginia;
cold nmthwest winds and clearing weather west
ol Alabama and Illinois; easterly winds, with
threatening weather, in New England.
Abbrrvinfrtl UiiipntchrM.
Gen. N. P. Banks and family arrived in New
York yesterday from Liverpool.
There are now 6900 applications for house ac
commodations at Chicago.
The. Cleveland insurance company has gone
into liquidation, M. C. Younglove receiver.
At Charleston theie were two deaths from yel
low fever yesterday.
King Amedeus lias bestowed the decoration of
the order ot the Golden Cross upon President
I hiers.
Count Von Beust, late chancellor of the Aus
trian empire, has Ih'uu appointed ambassador of
Austria at London.
The cstabli>hment of Goodschand Brothers
in San Francisco has been burglarized ol $5900
worth of silks and velvets.
Col. James Fisk, Jr., having contributed $2900
to a charity fund of a German musical society,
that society have made arrangements for a gi
gantic serenade to night at his residence.
From present indications, there is a probabili
ty of a good deal of wire-pulling to influence
Speaker Blaine in his selection ol chairman for
most of the important committees of the house.
Georgetown and Central City, Colorado, ex
perienced a slight shock of earthquake yester
day morning, lasting from ten to fifteen seconds
in each place. No damage was done.
Gov. Hoffman has appointed Hon. Samuel
Jackson, of Schenectady, judge of the supreme
court, in the fourth judicial district, in place of
Judge Itosekrans, resigned.
The degree of doctor of medicine has been
conferred upon Miss Dimock,an American lady,
by the Zurich university. She completed her
studies in the medical school attached to the
university.
Fifteen bags of the English closed mail, re
ceived by the steamship Russia at New York,
and intended for Chicago, reached Sin Francis
co Wednesday night overland. They will be
sent back to-day.
The right of the veterans of the national sol
diers’ home at Dayton to vote, about three hun
dred of whom were rejected at the October elec
tion, is to be tested in a contested election case.
A dispatch from Athens states that the Greek
government has decided upon the recall of its
minister to Washington, and has announced
that the Greek legation in the United Stateswill
hereafter be discontinued.
A diplomatic conference will shortly be held
at Dresden, in Saxonv, to decide upon measures
for the suppression of the international society.
It is expected that representatives will be pres
ent from Germany, Austria, and probably Rus
sia.
A Washington dispatch says: "The democra
cy here find very little to comfort them in the
recent elections. Even Maryland gave such a
decreased majority that the democracy look
blank, and fear that the leaven of republican
ism is working too surely in that state. Last
year the state legislature was unanimously
democratic. On Tuesday, the republicans suc
ceeded in electing one-fourth of the house of
delegates and two or three members of the sen
ate.
Annie Thomas attempted to shoot a man
named Thomas Ellwood, in Washington, at a
late hour Tuesday evening. Ellwood was on the
cyc of being married, and was at the house of
the parents of his intended bride, where the
shooting took place. The woman forced herself
intojhc parlor where the guests were assembled,
and fired two shots at Ellwood, scaring the in
mates into the She followed and tired
two more shots at Ellwood, and then retreated,
but was captured by the police before she could
escape. She was bailed in SIOO9. Nobody was
injured by the shooting. The cause of the at
tack is said to be unrequited love.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amert
can ana Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ap
plications re-argued; Interference Cases Prosecutea:
Opinions given-. Bto the validity and infringement of
Patents and Sults prosecuted and defended iu the U. 8»
Courts, by
THOB. II DODGK.
iformerly Principal Examiner and Chairman offthe
Board of Appeals. U. 8. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Do<lge a s
Block, corner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mass.
ir24 d&wtf
QLIVER’S“
STOVE STORE,
SBB MAIN STREET OLD NO. 270
my 24 dtf
HAVANA CIGARS!
T undersigned are receiving by Weekly Steamer, a
full assortment of the most desirable brands of
HAVANA CIGARS.
Their stock is large and thoroughly assorted, enabling
them at all times to till orders promptly, with tiw fresh
est and most desirable goods, and at the lowest prices.
Price Lists will lie forwarded on application.
The following brands are among these which they
receive regularly:
La Rosa de Santiago, Partagas,
La Antmuedad, Cabanas,
Flor del Fumar, Figaro,
Flor de Sazo, Espanola.
E. Gonzales. Henry Clay,
Aquilade Uro, Ingenuhiad,
Upmann, Jntimidad,
Churruca, Rosalia,
Osaguera, La Reserva.
Mu ri as. Aquila Universal,
Ac lane ion, Escepcion,
Legitimidad, Meri, liana.
PARK TILFORD,
«»1 «V 928 BKOAUWAY.
New York, Aug. 1.1871. d3m au!7
(J OR E Y I) u F F Y
MANUFACTURERS OF
STEAM BOILERS
OF ALL KINDS,
OIL AISTIJ WATER TANKS,
Ladles, Cupolas, Iron Doors and Shutters. Sheet Iron
Work of every description. Boilers Repaired in
the best manner ami at short notice.
Shop No. 84 School St, between Union
and Summer Sts.. Worcester, Mass.
REFERENCES James Russell, Master Boiler
Maker at Hinckley Locomotive Works. Boston, Mass.;
Roche Bros., Springfield, Mass.; Julius Bassett.
Master Mechanic New York ami New Haven Railroad;
Peter Ferguson, Civil Engineer and Builder, New
Haven, Conn.
»I. COREY.
d3P l 1 1
E P T E M B ER 1, 18 7 1
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Druggists,
PROPRIETORS OF
Medical Hall, Estab. 1847.
430 Main St., cor. Pleasant,
DEALERS IN
Pure Drugs
and all the PATENT MEDICINES in the market.
WINES AND LIQUORS for medicinal use—all war
ranted PUKE AND UNADULTERATED.
"A NIMBLE PENNY IM BETTER
THAN ASLOW Ml X PENCK.”
CP*' Wc respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
sl dtf
/CHICAGO
AND THE
GREAT CONFLAGRATION!
A concise history cf the past of this most wonderful
of cities, and a detailed, circumstantial and vivid account
of its destruction by fire; with scenes, incidents, Ac.
By Messrs. COLBERT 4 CHAMBERLiN. City Editors
of the Chicago Tribune. Fully illustrated from Photo
graphs taken on the spot. Agents wanted. Address
C. F. VEXT,
n 3 dAwlm 58 Murray st., New York.
rrsT STEP IN TO FLETCHER’S, and
look at those Gentlemen’s slippers, iust received
from the Manufactory. No. 3 Bay State House Block,
One Price Store, 285 Main st. dtf nJ
A PRIZE $75 GOLD^WATCH
2Y. given the most successful studeut, male or female,
of the flr.t fifty entering the N. E. Telegraph Academy.
l«l Tremont street, Boston. Apply or semi stamp tor
circulars at once. deoptn26 nb
’V'OT ICE.—AII persons are hereby forbidden
-a-n giving credit on my account, without an order from
me. H. G. ROCHE.
Worcester, Nov. 4,1871. d3t n 6
ICE BlLLS!—Please call and pay your Ice
Bills, at No. 4 Exchange st. Office hours from 10 a.
m. to UM. 3 to 4 and 7 to R P. M.
020 u«w B. WALKER A CO.
J— USTIsTEP IN TO FLETCHER’S, and
look at tho-e Gentlemen’s Slippens, iust received
from the Manufactory. No. 3 Bay State House Block,
One Price Store, 285 Main st. dtf n 2
VOUND-TWO BUNDLES OF CLOTH- I
A ING The owner can have the same by proving I
property and paying charges. .JOHN MOREY,
n« d3t* 2 Grove st.
PKK E 1 CENTS.
Jlcficts.
IT WILL RESTORE THE COLOR TO
GRAY OR FADED HAIR!
AV jV It K K IST S
ART IMHSOMHS
Hair Restorer
Secured in United States rntent Office, Sept. 19,1871.
X» sediunt. Clear as Water and as Pi rc. It
contains no Oil, Alediolor Spirits; eonsei|ufnHy it will
not Gnm me Hai. or in ik-' It <(ry and w ‘ry. No itratc
us Silver, Sucar of Lead, Lae Sulphur, Ac. It will
KCSTORE Til!',
to Gray or Faded Hair It will PREVENT the Hair from
falling off. It will tend to
MAKE THE HAIR GROW.
NASVFACTVRBD BY
EDWIN A. BARREN.
Apothecary*
I.V BAYS TATE lIOUME, WO R<E9TEK.
To whom all onlersshould Ims addressed.
030 dtt
JIIEEN W(> O D INSTI TUT E,
S Milt’s from ItoHton*
ONT THK ItOSTON AMI MAINER. IK.
This Institution is established for the reception and
treatment ot patients >uff> ring from ’isease or derange
ment us th nervous system, caused by vvrtaxlng Hie
brain, by too sedentary habits, ortlo- excessive or in
iildicious use of alcoholic or nar otic sUruiitants.
The terms tor board and treatment *re from *t.s to S3O
a week, varying accordine to the acomimo'lations re
quired for the patients, incases requiring ext raordl
narv rare ami attention, thera will be a proportionate
extra charge.
All inquiries a ldressetl tn me at GretJ-iwond, Mass., or
at my office in Boston, ulll be nnnie'tiately minwered.
Patients are vxiM ctelto remain mk li length ol time
ils may be deemed necessary.
Paymei ts will lie required in advance.
Boston »llice-Ro<pns Tremont .Temple. Offlc
hours—lo a. N. to 2 o'clock r. M.
ALBER DAY, M. D.,
siiperintemlmil and Physician.
Greenwood, Auf. 12,1H71. d<e)p39t oiK
ORTG AGEE’SSALE. The uirlersigned
IvJL will sell at Public Auction, on the premises, in the
City of Worcester, on THURSDAY, the seventh day of
December next, at ten (10) o'clock in the forenoon, a
certain Lot or Parcel of Land, with the buildings there
on standing, situate on the corner of Green and Temple
streets, in said city, amt bounded as follows, to wit
Beginning at the northwest comer oi said sire* ts; thence
running southerly bv said Green street, one hundred ami
twenty-nine feet, to land now or formerly of Patrick
O’Keefe; thence easterly by land of said O’Keefe, one
hundred aim live feet anil nine inches, to land now or
formerly of Tobias Poland; thence northerly by land of
said Boland, one hundred and thirty five feet, to said
Temple street; thence westerly by said Temple street,
one hundred and five feel and nine inches, to the point ot
beginning; being the same estate described m the Regis
try of De ds for Worcester County, in Book 7(iA. Page
279. Said sale will be made by virtue of a power of sale
contained in each of two certain mortgage deeds, sev
erally executed bv A. L. Hobart to Charles Washburn,
the one, of date March 2fith. IH7O, and recorded in said
Count v Records, BookHlJ, Page 240; the other of date
Februarv 20th, 1871, anu reemded m said Records, Book
832. Page .Mil.
The conditions of said several deeds having been
broken. The terms of sale will be cash.
CHABLI S WASHBURN.
Worcester, Nov. 2,1871. d3sF n 3
FARMS'! FREE HOMES!
OH THE USE OF THE
Union Pacific Railroad
A LAMO GRANT OF
13,000,000 2LCRES
OF THE
Best Fanning and Mineral Lands
IN A MEKICA
3.000.000 Acres of Choice Farming and Grazing Lands,
on the lineot the road, in the State of Nebraska, In the
Great Platte Valiev, now tor sale, for cash or longcredit.
These lands are in a mild and healthy climate, and for
grain growing and stock raising, unsurpassed by any in
the United States.
Prices Range from $2 to SlO pr acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
3.500,000 ACRES of Government Land be
tween Omaha and North Platte, open lor entry as Home
steads only.
Soldiers of the Late War
are entitled to a Free Homestead of 160 acres, within
Railroad limits, equal to a Direct Bounty of S4OO.
Send for the new edition of descriptive pamphlet, with
new maps, mailed free everywhere. Address
O. F. DAVIS, Land Commissioner
s 2 dltaw&w3m C. P. R. R. co .Omaha. Neb.
JJRANCH AGENCY
OF
M’uie DEFORESTS
EMPORIUM OF FASHIONS.
S. J. WILCOX CO.,
Xo. 3(Hi Main Street, Worcester.
FULL SIZE,
Accurate and Reliable!
PATTERNS in various sizes, of every New and
Desirable Style for
Ladies' and Children’s Dress!
Each Pattern put up in an Envelone. with Illustrations
and Hill description and directions how to cut, put to
gether. make and trim the garment.
subscriptions received for DEMOREST'S
Monthly Magazine. Yearly $3.00, with a splendid Chro
mo as a premium.
M'llc Demorest's “What to Wear,’’ 15c.
Mamniolh Bulletin of Fashion. Price sl, to include
•What t<> Wear.” dTu.Th&St f 024
HAVE RECEIVED OUR
NEW TRIMMING VELVETS!
In Black and Colors; all the New and Desirable
Nhadcx to match the Dress Goods of the season.
024 dTu,ThAStf s. .1. WII.COX A’ <‘O.
W E HA V E RE C LIV ED OUR
NEW LYONS SILK VELVETS,
for Ladies’ Cloaks, which we offer at Law Price*.
i s. .1. wit.tox a eo.
SHAWLS
We have on sale, at. Low Prices. a very large and ex
tensive assortment of Choice and Flcuanl Pat
tern* of New Shawls.
024 dTu,ThAStf S. WILCOX A- CO.
AHO
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS!
Our stock of Domestic and Housekeeping Goods is
very extensive in all the desirah'.e and populai goods in
the market, which we offer at
Low IPrices!
024 dTu.ThASff S. J. WILCOX A CO.
]>IANON Any on® having a nice Piano.
that they cat not convent ntlv keep, and would
like to retain, if a good place could l»c secured, can loam
particulars by addressing Plano. Box 1106. Worcester
F. 0. dtf n 2
TJ A Y AND STR AW.
CHOICE CANADA HAY,
RUIGIIT WESTERN STRAW
by the Car Load, Ton. or Single Bale.
Also. Oats, Meal. Feed, Ac., at No. 41 Waldo St.
old No. 9.
Tvß dtf W. H. GAY A CO.
JIUTTER BUTTER BUTTER
Received this day. 75 Tubs of
CHOICE YORK STATE BI TTER!
Anyp»rson wishing a choice tub of Butter, can be
supplied by calling upon or addressing
A. P. SPAULDING.
_n« deop3t* 13 Gold st.
ESTABLISHED IN 1838.-P. YOUNG*.
Dealer in Fancy Goods, Toys, and Useful Articles
Umbrellas and Parasols Repaired. Pinking in a num
ber as styles. Stamping for Embroidery.
Agency of the French Dye House, ot Boston. Goods
sent to the Dye House, on Fr days.
P else ol serve the sign of -The Variety Store.” No. 22b
Man street, nearly opposite the Uuinsigamead Bank.
1127 deoatf
ADVEKTIIIAO BATEM*
IV Daily Bpt—For the “Square' of ten llnce eol
agate type, 1 time7s eta.; each subsequent insertion 58
eta.; 1 week $2.75; 2 weeks $4.09; 1 month $6.00; 1 year
s6o—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
•quarea. Two ines for one week $1.00; three line $1.25;
ourlinea $1.37; five lines $l5O. Local notices 25 centa
per line for each Insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
Lne. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 centa per line
Legs! advertisements >I.OO per square for Aral inset
tion; each subsequent insertion 50 centa.
Special positions’in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent*
and double rates charged for the whole apace occupied.
In Wekkly Sfy—First insertion >I.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 centa; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
Ed ?et.
rp<> I ET -A Tenement of four rooms. Ap
-1 ply at No. 131 Mechatm st. diL* nW
rpwo PLEASANT TENEMENTS TO
I RENT—29S Front st Inquire at WEATHLRBtE’M
Drugstore. dti n«
A FI NF. LOT OF
Pianofortes and Organs
TO RENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
411 MAIN ST.
KICHARDS, METCALF CO.,
■io spy MOOK.
LET- In Crompton’s Block, si.vb.anic
st., rooms of various sizes on second, third and fourth
floors, uitablc for offices, manufacturing purposes,and so
eiety rooms. This new and elegant block is centrally lo
cated within a tew roils of Main st. and the Depots. It is
In the business centre of the ci tv. and is fitted up with all
thenmdern improvements, making It one of the most
icslruble locations tor business in Worcester For terms
and urtber particulars.inquireaf
GEO. CROMPTON.
j’’2O dtf Crompton Loom Works. Green st.
OFFICE TO RENT That recently occu
pled by Dr. Hunt, 266 Mam st. Inquire of
n 3 dtt WM lot Kl\so\.
FI'ENEMENT of 3 rooms to rent tom*n and
S wife only Inquire at store 15“ Pleasant st. 4
’>3 dll R. A. MILLER CO.
RENT To a man and wife, a tenement
Of 5 rooms, al No. 9H Chatham st Also, a pleasant,
furnished lodging room. E W. CARTER.
dtf
RENT A lower tenement of 7 rooms,
fl Inquire at No. i Wesbj st. dlw* nl
f|h LET—A Tenement of 7 rooms* No. 3
A. Providence st.; city water. Inquire of
W. F. POND.
No. II Providence st., between 6 and 7 p. m.
nl dtt
OHO LET—To an American family, a lower
tenement, of 5 rooms. Apply on th© premises. No. 7
Harrison st. WM. WUCOX.
nl .lit
DOOMS TO RENT
Also, STORAGE.
•Hi E. M. sTO4'KWiriAw
*VO RENT -Suits of Rooms> or Single
A Rooms for offices. Also, Desk Rooms, and rooms
suitable for lodging.
n 22 of GOODNOW A TAYLOB
RENT To a small family, one Upp*t
Tenement of 5 rooms, corner of Harrison and B ake
S’>. Apply on premises, or Of JAN. viELANEFY, office
No. 6 M ureester Bank Block, Foster t. dtf 06
rsl(> LET One tenement of seven rooms.
X Apply at No. 26 West st. dtf o 4
LET A desirable lower tenement, west
of Main st., four minute-' walk from Mechanics
Hall, eleven rooms. Rent >425. Address “E.,” >py
9®w. at? n i
LET—Furnished reoms, with
J- board if desknl. Apply at No. 26 Bartlett place,
nl .12 w
LET A tenement of 3 or 4 rooms;
city water.’ Inquire at No. 13Orchaidst.
“30 dtf
TO RENT—Two nice lower tenement- of S
rooms each, with o|ty water and water closets and
other conveniences; also a tenement of seven rooiiLs in
the French roof. Applv at No 49 Austin si.
030 dtf
r |’O RENT—A good Lower Tenement of 7
X. rooms, on Benefit court; rent >23 per month.
L. A. ELY A CO.
silo RENT—On Woodland st., a first-claw
X Tenement; Itaru if desired.
dtf L. A. ELY A CO.
rpoß SALEOR TO LET-ln theccnTre of
Boylston. a Store ami Tenement connected, of seven
rooms, good barn and one acre of land. F'.r reference,
imiuiivof HORACE KENDALL, or JOHN ANDREWS,
near the premises. JOHN ANDREWS.
Boylston, o< t. 16.1871. dtf
IJO LET Rooms for light manufacturing
purpo ,up one Hi. ’.t bmiiirc al
WORCESTER SKIRT CO
&uls dtf .mm Shun st.
TO I ET- in the Block cttrnerof Main and
Pleasant sts., on the third door, a room 23 x 50.
Also, to let, In Ilie New Block opposite the Common,
two rooms <>n the second floor, suitable for offices, one
25 x 30, and one 20 x 25. R C TA VLO R.
a 3 dtf
To LET !—The room formerly
occupied by John D Chollar as an office, in Lincoln
House Block. This room Is up one tih ht of stairs, front
ing on Main st., and Is very pleasant and de-ir'ble. For
terms, Ac., apply to JOHN D. ('HOLLAR.
No. 472 Ma n st.. Taylor’s Giamte Building.
027 dtf
TOL ET Nice tenements at Nos. 11-2 and
3 Davis st. Apply to Mrs. E. D. WARNER. IS Da
Vin Ht. dll anil
IjURST LASS TENEMENT, with”mod-
ern improvements, to rent, at 8 Loudon st.
”26 dtt JOSEPH A. HOWLAND.
r|1() RENT—One Store in new brick block
X corner Ol Washingtonnnd Belknap ats. inquire at
42 Orange st., from to 2 o'clock, or at 513 Main -t
_” 2 ®_ _ THO'L MONAHAN.
r |B) LET Two Tenements on Wilmot st.
X Inquire of ADIN' THAYER, 398 Main st.
_”24 dtf
HHO LET—A tenement ot 5 rooms, at
1 96 Piedmont st.; city water. Rent >2OO. Apply on
Ihe prenii-es. or.it No. 12 ipieen st. dlw* n 4
LET A desirable up stairs tenement,
centrally located, eons sting of five rooms, all on
one floor, with gas and city water; a ‘amHy without
hiidren pref.'ned. Po>sess!on given immediately At
201 Suininer st. Rent >l7 per month. dlw* n 4
fib! RENT—Suit of Front Rooms in 2d
X story Goulding’s Granite Block, slidable tor Milli
nery or other bu iness purpuses. Applv to
■9 dtf W. IL (.OI LDING.
FIR) LET—A newly finished Lower Tene-
ment of 6or 7 rooms, at No. 5 Silver st. Inquire at
the house before o’clock A. M.. or alter 6 f m.
018 dtf N. M. BARNES.
TO LET—A large room. 2d floor, 582 Main
st. Inquire of C. K. HUBBARD. No 1 Rogers’
Block. Main st. dtf sl9
LET Two Tenements oil Providence
st.—one of four rooms, one of three rooms, to Amer
lean families. Inquire between 6 and 7r. m.
W. F. I*<IND,
_°1 3 <ltf_ _ 11 Providence st.
AF IRsf-CLASS LOWER TENEMENT
TO RENT, at No. 20 Crown st. Inquire on the
premises. dtf O 3
r O LET—2 rooms, suitable for a Dress
Maker, at 379 Main st over Taft, Bliss A Rice's
Dining Rooms. Inquire at Room No. 5, same entrance.
n 7 dtf
LET-A tenement of three rooms, at
X No. 61 Old Market st. .131* u 7
FIR) LET- A good lower tenement of seven
X rooms, with barn, on North Ashland st. Possession
given at once. ABBOTT «v RICE,
ni du Real Estate Brokers. Central Exchange.
TO LET A nice Garden Fann, with cot
tage House ami outbuildings, within lour miles of
this city, ant six minmes’ walk frum Depot; about 9
acre* ot land, with over 400 fruit trees. Possession given
at once None but Americans need applv. Inquire at
No. 9 Hermon street. dtf n 6
lipO LE I’ -One*half of Double House No.
X 36 Boynton st.. 14 rooms; bath-room, yas, water
closets, stable. Ac. For further information apply to
ABBUTT A RICE,
dtf 1 Central Exchange.
Room and power to rent on
Main st. Applv to
11. W. DENNY A CO,
”6 d2w 555 Main s Sargent Square.
rjTO LET A nice lower tenement of three
X. rooms, very convenient; city water. Apply to
P. BOLAND,
n 4 dtf 103 Salem st.
Ormgrs, tVc.
ECEI VE 1) THIS DAY
RICHMOND’S
CARRIAGE EXCHANGE,
No. 30 Waldo Street,
(NEW NUMBER.)
A FINE STOCK
Late Style Carriages.
Made to Order. a Folding and Slide Seat Shifting Top
(ai nage in three different style bodies, one or two
seats easily adjusted for two or four persons, light and
stylish. Also the celebrated
Ivers’ Kiislnewo nud Pleasure Bukkv.
trimmed with Gomis, and painted any color to suit the
trade.
Patent Adjustable Carriage Poles, Ligh
Express. Business and Concord Wagons.
CUSTOM MADE HARNESSES. A general assort
ment ot Second-Hand Carriages. All goods warranted
to give satisfaction, and sold at the Lowest Market
Price, by
>Hf A. K. RICH MOND.
THE LADIES’ HAIR STORE.—Misses
A. E. A F. O. CLOUGH would respccttullv intonn
their lady friends and former patrons, that they have
returned to their old location, 62 Front st., S. R. Leland s
Building, opposite the Common, where tl»ey will be
happy to attend to the wants ot all who may favor them
with a call, in making work to order; also, renovating
and adjusting old sets of hair; cutting children s and
misses hair, shampooing. Ac., Ac.
«y 3 ou
INTELLIGENCE OFFICE,
Room No. 14, 1.4 Nat. Bank BuUdinu.
Property rented and renis eoHecied. Howes. lene
"'■nu. rboiw. .mr™, snd room. Maiuol tor lfc.« who
wui> Help obtained or genera bourn wmk, and .Us
tions found tor Domestics on the most rvas. liable leu ms.
_>U dual GKEESWUOU a CO.
WM IA RR O U U V I K R
6TUCCO WORKER.
Centre Pieces made very low. Kepairing Alabaster in
Artistic Work. No 3g Thomas st., Worcester, Mass.
n 3 djw*