if
m m m m k3 i y .ieI
V 'H
i;di:or iinl I'ublKIicr.
HE IS A FREEMAN WHOM TUB TRUTH MAKES FREE, AND ALL ARE SLAVES BESIDE
li. A.
Terms, $2 per year In advanc
w -ft
I.U 63-3 I in: -3 1 Ei-J S-'d
THE GREAT
OAK HALL
3IP0IUUM!
241 Main Street Johnstown.'
J, SEP BROTHER
IIAVi: NOW OX HAN!)
Tlie Largest, Best Made
Soek GF CfethiBg
VI II Uli'T I V JOIIXSTOWJi,
t,.,,.i,.;Ptr tlj" of
y.vs bants.
Ml-iX'S TESTS;
'"-ATS.
vuL'ths' pants.
youths' vests;
t ;v (i i.'.TS.
i IS' IWNTS.
BOYS VESTS
;t ,vf r.V c rtantly in stock a complete
tESI'UTPiIsiiii'G GOODS,
Kr.ts, Caps, Trunks, Valises, &c.
'V. prepared to niiikc ti (ir''.cr C'lrufi
-rriptiou i. n the sh-is-test not ice.
fall at .1o. 4l Main Sit t el,
.ND I'VY IT IS YtTRSKLYKS!
frii J-'.I.-G-k..
fj !10.M A S C A R L A N I
vn'!.i;sil.; rF.AI.ER IN
SERIES 1 QUEENSYARF,
WOOD AND VILLOW VVARF,
ST.VTIONEKY AND NOTIONS,
a salt, nm urn mm,
RltO.V, FLOl'R,
FEED AND PROVISIONS,
Ctcvrntli Avenue.
:;iAeen 13t!i and 14th Sts., Altoona.
P'x's a Spice?, Brashes, "Wood
I1 "w w ""e, SLoe Blacking ni;J Station
Kc ?oM trom manufacturer's printed
a'' other pooiii in my line at
v., RHlti'-iof;. Ciujcinriiiii and Pitts---'.h
t.,.,dii pi 3. To jkaJcra 1 present the
ir iv.mtrrp 0f sa vins them all freight
.e, si they are not required to pay
r !r..a the principal cities and no dray-;r-'-s
fire uiude. Dealc-rd may rest as
l';Vj',ut m r"-'-ds are of the best quality and
tii.Mit-rute a-! city rates. By doing
'.y V '0k,.7,i''.hn-:iie'?, and by promptly and
j.iiy Liliiig all orders, 1 Lope to Hierit
-i'r-.n 0f retuil dealers and others in
1.t.;;r,1l c"';';,,.v and elsewhere. Orders re-
.ic tt J and paisfaction Guaranteed
s T I o r.i AS OAKLAND.
July 2!), IM-'j.-tf.
"aSIILNGTON street,
':-fPa. R, R, Depot, Johnstown, Pa.,
"''";a?c awl Retail Dealejs in
'IlLUvriiv r.onns.'
Vi-Ki'-.N'SWABE
KOOTS N I SHOES.
HATS AND CAPS.
IP.ON AND NAILS,
AND on. u nn-iiQ
i w !;'Ar)Y-MAI)E CLOTHING,
VELLO W.WARE.
"'JUUL.N AND WILLOW WARE.
'VlSIOiviSand F DjALL KINDS,
rr, -ntier of Western Produce,
HACON, I'JSU, SALT,
'J t-.e ami retail orders solicited
..r'.'"1"' P111 n the shortest notice and
'-'-or.bie tri ms.
W(jon. MORRELL L CO.
J-'J c- K. AlIlT...., ...j AS. B. ZAI1M-
ZAHrvl SON,
IEALLHS IS
HARDWARE. OUEENSWABF.
ts,Caps,Boots,Shoes,
ALL OTHER ARTICLES
epi iia Country Store.
Poland country produce
lArnit
IN EXCHANGE IOR COOD3
store on jiain street,
Next Door to the Post Office,
1C9. EBENSBURO. TA.
Ilk J. T T rVT A. -r r
p "wii, bucccour 10 xv. C5.
t t!i, eah?r in Drugs, Medicines,
'.,j'c" Store on Alain street, opposite
0J.ns,o House" Kbensburg, Pa.
nTiTn nntr nnnrn
1L Dill liUUli
GROCERIES
1871. Fall Trade. 1871.
I am now prepared to offer
SUPERIOR INDUCEMENTS
TO CACH rCUCUASKRS OF
HI. SIEEMBBI COFPER MM.
KITIIFR AT
WHOLESALE OK RETAIL.
My slock consists in part of every variety of
Tin, Sheet-Iron,
copter and hrass wares,
KNAMEI.I.Ell AXI TI.A1N
SAUCE-PANS, BOILERS &c
COAL SHOVELS. MINE LAMPS, OIL
CANS, IIOUSEEURNIS1IINC, IIABD
WAUE OF EVEIiY KIND.
flft'l Aiili-Dimt
IIEATINr, and COOKING STOVES,
FXCELSlOIl COOKIXG STOVES.
NOi'.LE,TLTl.MPiI ant PAELOIi LOOK
ING STOVES,
Ar.d any C king Stove (Ic-irnl I will get
when ordYred at manufactui er'.s prices.
0.1. 1 Stove Plates arA Grates, ivrc, fir re
pairs, on hr.n.l fur the Stoves I f?fl others
will be ordered when wanted. Particular
attention given to
Spouting, Valleys and Conductors,
all of which will he made out of Lest mat.,
rials and put up ly competent werkfnen.
Lamp Kurners. Wick and Cliixnneys
wiinr k.sai r. oi: i:ktaii..
I would call partjoiihir nttenti"n to the Licrlil
House Earner, wiih Glasr, C"ve, for giving
moie lirht than any other in use. Also, the
Paragon Burner, for Crude Oil.
SUGAR KETTLES AND CAULDRONS I
of all si'ja c Ji:.it.ntl v on hind.
Special attention given to
Jobbing n Tin, Copper anc Sheet-Iron
at lowest possible rates.
Wiioi.ksai.e Merchants' Lists
now ready, and will be. sent on application
by mail or in person
n.iping to see all my old customers and
m:my new ones this Spiing, I return my
most sincere thanks for the very liberal pa
tronage I hare already received, and
endeavor to pleas? ail who may caii, wheth
er they buy or cot.
FRANCIS W. HAT.
J. hnstown. March 7. 18C7.
Nil TO CASH CUSTOMERS!
at tibi: i:sii:.s!$i rg
IIOKE-FPRiMSIIIXG STORE.
The undersigned respecifull- infornis tlie
citizens of Eben.-bnrK and the public gener
aliy that l e has made a grea reduction in
prices to CASH EUYEUS. My stock will k
consist, in part, of Ciokivg, Parlor and Ueat
iikj Stoves, of tlie most popular kinds 27i- j
trare of every description, of my own man- j
ufacture Hardware of all kind, sr.ch as
Locks, Sciews, Butt Hinges, Table Hinges,
Shutter Hinges, Bolts, Iron and Nails, Win
flow Glass, Putty, Table Knives and Forks,
Carving Knives ajjd Forks, Meat Cutters,
Apple Parers, T;n and Pocket Knives in
great variety, FtL-sors, Shears, Ilazors and
Strops. Axes, Hatchets, Hammers, Boring
Machines, Augers. Chissels, Planes, Com
passes, Scpuares, Files, Uasps, Anvils, Vie-es,
Wrenches, Kip, Panel and Cross-Cut Sa.rs,
Cliains cf all kinds. Shovels, Spades, Scythes
and Snaths, Rakes, Forks, Sleigh Bells,
Shoe Lasts, Pegs. .Wax Bristles, Clothes
Wiingers. Grind Stones. Patent Molnsses
Gates and Measures, Lumber Sticks, Horse
Nails, Horse Shoes, Cast Steel, Rifle?. Shoe
Guns,. Jlevolwrs, Pistols, Cartridges, Pow
der, Caps. Lead, &c Odd Stove Plates,
Grates and Fire Bricks, Well and Cistern
Pumps and Tubing Harness awl Saddlery
Ware of all kind W'.dtn and Willow Ware
in great variety Carbon Oil and Oil Lamps,
Fish Oil, Lard Oil, Linseed Oil, Lubricating
Oil, Rosin, Tar, Glassware, Taints, Varnish
es, Turpentine, Alcohol. &c.
FAMILY GROCERIES,
such as Tea, Coffee, Sugars, Molasses, Syr
ups, Spices, Dried Peaches, Dried Applesl
Fish, Hominy, Crackers, Rice and Pear
Barley; Soaps, Candles: TOBACCO and
CIGARS Paint, Whitewash, Scrub, Horse,
Shoe, Dusting, varnish, Move, Clothes and
Tooth Brushes, all kinds and sizes Bed
Cords and Manilla Ropes, and many other
articles at the lowest rate3 for CASH.
fcf-IIouce Spoulinrr rva.de, pained and put
up at low rates for cash. A liberal discount
made to country dealers miying i in ware
wholesale. G EO. H LLN TLEY
Ebensburg, Feb, 28. 1867.-tf.
Q.EORGE W. YEA G E II
Wholesale and Retail Dealer In
HEATING AND COOK STOVES
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION",
Til. CUPPER 11 SHEET-IROld WARE
OF HIS OWN MANUFACTURE,
And GENERAL JOBBER in SPOUTING
and all other work in bis line.
Virginia Street, near Caroline Street
ALTOOSA, PA,
The only dealer in the city having the riffht to
sell the renowned "BARLEY SHEAF"
COOK S rOVE, the most perfect
complete and satisfactory
Ctove ever ,'iitroduced
to the public
Stock Immense. Twces Low."
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
BAND LEADERS.
Tot omthln interesting, fih! vonr nMrefs
to UEOltGK V. UA l tO, l rmiklorl, V
EBENSBTJRG, PA., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1871.
Ejjc poet's gfparfmtnt.
Xrtlnre's "YarloiW I.anguaSP Inler
Ircci Jy Ke.'teoit Alaiii.
I love to brenthe the morning air
With balmy odors freighted.
When everj tiling seems lrcsh and fair,
As if but just created.
Its healthful draughts inspire my soul
With ,'vveetly solemn feeling
Ho i John git up and feed them pig.
And stop their condemned sque ding
Above the rsi-ig sun. the clouds
Float ust hie golden fleeces
1 he way wool lately has gone up,
Reats Natur' all to pieces;
Ten cents a pom d. mid 'now much higher
'Twill go there is no tellinir;
It makes uie shiver when I think
How near 1 was to selling 1
1 lie di.tmond dew-drors gem the grass
I'm under a mistake, or
That grass will cut at leist as much
As i wo tons to the acre.
1 he eiover, wooed by droning bees
Is ius.h niih lucent honey
There is no sweeter scent, to me,
Except the scent of money I
Along the tinkling joeado-w brook
The fiiury- i";:":t ia creeping.
While hNperirig winds through vender wooJ,
Unseen, ate sultlv sweeping.
I pitied Wi.low Brown's hard lot
he sr. tiered nnsny woef, sure;
l'.:t her wood lot was might v chenp:
I got it by l'oiec!o.-ure
The happy birds, n tur cful noics,
D.seoiii.-e meli'diMi.s piMise?;
Speikiiig of nous, I wonrer why
Jnke Thompson never p-ivj his!
II J b belts uie out ot thnt
"3'will sliHke my fnith in Heaven!
Just think of twenty live pr-r cent.
Induced to paltry seven
The ioin!; cows the milkers cdl,
ho milk iMiiro l imbs are jumping
I'll hiii:g the milk cuns 'round behind
1 he barn, and go to pumping
For ":o!en wnters are most sweet''
Abide into factory cheeses
As cons decline, my .short-horn pump
Jt3 daily yield increases!
The sen! mut be quite lost and dead.
That canuot 2nd in Natur
Siifticient cause t.j glorify
'1 he bounteous Creator
The clouds, the sky, the dewpread gras?.
The pinging birds, the zephr
Hullo what beast has broke in then?
J is Jones's peky heifer.
Cotfutind that tarnal heifer's hide
I've a good mind to stone her;
But that won't pay. I'll shut her up
And sue her condemned owner
No snswer toft shall turn my wrath,
Nor canst ir.e to forbear.
IIo John ard Jane! come hurry iu;
'Tis t'nio lor morning prayer
Buf.'.t'o Couf.er. Frank Clivk.
ADVENTURES OF A DETECTIVE.
Many years ttgo, when western railroad
travel vs not the safest in the world, and
wlpn ail nioi:ejs du3 fioai the east in
payment for western produce had to be
stht in c:hh by the mails, there occurred,
not far from Chicago each time, several
accidents in confcq'iencc of trains being
thrown oil' the track, during w hich tho
mail cm s w ore broken open mid tho bags
robbed to a very large amount. The riist
of these accidents happened within six
miles of the ''Garden City," and was
coused by the Michigan Southern running
into the IUino'i3 Central mail train',' if I
remember rightly, striking it at right sin
gles, and not only cutting it info two
parts, but making a wreck of both trains.
The loss in every way was large, and
the conductor and enpineer were killed on
the spot the former lying with lo9 face
upwards close to the mail car which, it
was after discovered, had been forced
cpen and the gold and silver it contained
carried otf. Mr. l'inkerton, the great
Western detective, who was then begin
ning t i e of the Uioet remarkable and suc
cessful careers known to police history,
was sent for to investigate tha robbery,
and be discovered upou the face of the
dead conductor of the train the imprint of
a nail head, such as was usually worn l7
English laborers in the soles of their heavy
boots. He then examined the ground,
and was lucky enough to find a complete
imprint of the sole of the left boot, con
taining a double row of nails, all of which
were exactly like that on the conductor's
face. He aIo made another important
discovery that there were three nails
wanting in tho impress on the oarlh,
showing that three must be also wanting
on the sole of the boot that made it.
.Mr. l'inkerton'8 theory so far, was
this that the robber was in so great a
hurry to force open the mail car that he
set his foot upon the face of the dead man
without knowing if, and .thinking, no
doubt, -that it rested cpon the earth and
that one of the nails "hob nails,' he
called them having started from the
leather, was more prominent than the
rest,, and so left its mark behind it, and
with a secret clue for tho detective. Un
fortunately, before Pmkerton cnriie on the
ground, there had been so many people
about that tho earth was trodden down
hard in the neighborhood of the calamity,
and he had no chance of tracing the hob
nailed boot, and discovering its owner.
He bnd made some important discov
eries, however, during this difficult inves
tifationvuJIe had found out that thoi
robber, wh'oever be was, wore boots nailed
with hob nails in a peculiar form round
the soles, with three nails mllsing and
that the boots were of English make, and
the wearer of them, therefore, was proba
bly an Englishman, and that the left boot
had made the impression on the face of
the dead conductor, and on the ground.
This was all the clue that he bad to the
robber but ine-;gre as it was. he did not
despair of liuntjrrg down the cj larry. He
d!d not believe, however, that the colli
sion of the (rains was purposely caused,
but that it was an accident, and that the
robbery was a sudden eil inspiration on
the part of the robber.
Eighteen months passed away, and
l'inkerton, always more or less on tlie
watch, had well nigh forgotten the hob
nailed boots, when one fine morning he
received a telegraphic dispatch which
summoned him to another accident, which
had just happened on the same railroad,
within twelve miles of the city of Chica
go. On his arrival he found a great con
course of persons, officers and men and
passengers about the wreck, and he im
mediately ordered a rope to bo payeif out
and guarded by the company's .servants
while he made an fxaminaiion of the
ground, and a search for t!:e hob nailed
buots, if, by any chance, they might fig
ured upon this scene also. He first ex
amined the locality where the obstruction
was placed that overthrew the train, and,"
to his great joy and surprise, there was
the old boot mirk with the many hob
nails rind a full impression also of the
rij:ht loot.
Of course he said nothing, but brgan to
make detours in all directions to see if he
could pick up the retreating trail. IIo
thought it most likely fha mm would go
boldly towards the ilinge- after he had
laid his trap, and so hi hastened on till he
came to a bit of grass leading to the main
road on the heights j.bove. Here he
stumbled upon tho footmark once more,
and proceeded right and left upon line
with this discovery, lie found the advanc
ing fjot too. The grass, however, threw
him off all further tiad. but he had proved
that the same man who had a hand in
the previous robbery had planned the
present disaster also and, better still,
that he came from and returned to the
village. Owing to some accident else
where this train was late by several hours.
It was an early morning train, and the
design clearly was to throw it off the line
and rob tlie mails, but it was defeated.
Mr. l'inkerton remained privately in
the village, putting up at thi chief hotel
and passing tor a salesman of dry goods,
for several weeks, making observations
and notes. He soon knew everybody in
(ho place, and had not been there a week
before he began to suspect a man who
was then absent, but who, when in town,
stopped at the hotel where he then lodged.
A short time afterwards he returned, and
l'inkerton found that he was an English
man, and began to look fr bis cioven
foot. 15ut he did not wear it at the time
he wai introduced to him, and l'inkerton
reasoned that such boots as those hob
nailed ones could only be in requisition in
wet or dirty weather, and be began to
pia thai it might rain. Fie kept a so-
rnrn orwl ehr wutf'h unon lhf Erx'l sh-
man, and followed him always when be
could do so without detection.
A fortnight passed away, and (he Eng
lishman began to exhibit signs of great
uneasiness and unrest. He was always
fcin out at night and l'inkerton was al
ways following him, and his f;jce was al
ways turned toward the railroad, upon
which he was sure to descend and make
examinations of tlie road for about a mile
and a half on both sides of the village.
One dy he had received some letters
from New York, and l'inkerton watched
him more closely than usual. About a
quarter of a mile from the village was a
graveyard on a hill which commanded tha
railroad, and at dark the Englishman set
out toward this wild and romantic spot,
and l'inkerton after him. The nieht was
cloudy, but every now and then the moon
broke out and lighted up the lovely pcenery.
To l'inkerton's amazement, he climbed
the fence of the graveyard, and sat there
looking toward the village, so that his
Vhadow" bad to hide himself. Presently
he jumped upon a grave, and strode along
towards the middle of the cemetery, with
ririkerlorl still after him, behind the trees
and grave-stones. He could hear bim
muttering to himself and occasionally
talking aloud, and, then he stole up to him
as near as he dared, and managed at last
to creep into a vaulted grave close to him,
one of the side slabs of which had fallen
down. The dew was heavy and the grass
so surcharged with it that he was wet
through but kept on listening, and final
ly made out that he was reciting a solilo
quy from Lord Byron's "Manfred," and
occasionally gesticulating wildly to the
moon. Was the man mad What re
morse had brought him here to verit itaelf
in the terrible and dreadful lines of Man
fred At last he pulled out his watch
and.Jried to make out the lime.
Then be jumped over (he feneo and
ran down to the railroad. He was evi
dently waiting for somebody. For whom?
Time would shovy perhaps, for l'inkerton
still followed him. Once he lost sight of
him, then he fancied he heard voices, and
hurried in the direction whence the sounds
proceeded and. as ho gained upon them
he found that his man was returning: So
he skulked ngain, and the man went over
to the churchyard: Here he stopped sev
eral limes and listened. What had he
been doing! Had he laid another trap
for the overthrow of another train It
was a dreadful thought and as it struck
bim the due train was beard in (ho dis
tance. On it came, and no one to warn
the engineer of the possible danger. In
another moment it rushed past them, and
went lhuridering-on in the d:irknes3..
1 hen with all his soul in his ears did
the detective listen, expecting a crash
every moment. IJut it was not r.
The man watched it as it .fled past and
then turned toward (he village, and l'ink
erton followed him back to the hotel. Ho
was all this time in secret conference with
the superintendent of the railroad,' who
lived near by. The ner.t day when Tink
erton called on him, he showed him a let
ter which he had received from some one
who said he knew Ihe (jang (hat Lad
thrown the Ia?t train over and that they
wanted him to join them tlietr object
being to cause more accidents before long
He offered, for a consideration, to join
them and become spy upon their actions
for Ihe company.
1'itikerton advised the superintendent to
employ the man. stipulating thai he should
be allowed to come to the c dice while the
confertne look piace, in order that he
might see him and be able to identify him
hereafter. lie hud no doubt in his own
n;'md w ho Ihe man was. He felt sure he
was the same man whom he had follow
ed to ol'icn ar.d so long up hill and down
dale, and into ihe very j uvs of death.
And so it turned out. The man was en
gngod by the superintendent, and was in
correspondence with a clerk in the post
of Flee in New York, who informed him
whenever large sums were sent from that
i Tlee west. This is a fact, however, that
transpired subsequently when all was over
w i:h this very smart man who was so fond
of plaj ir g the spy.
.Mr. l'inkerton found that there was
another man also in league with the 'spy,'
and that his work kept him chiefly in New
ork. I'inkerlon now expected every day
there would be a "smash-op'.' but under
the pretence that the conspiracy called
him to New York, the ''spy'.' left the west
and was gone s long that l'inkerton re
turned to Chicago.
About three weeks afterwards he re
ceived another dispatch to go immediate
ly to the old station, his expectation being
realized in another overthrow and robbery
o.f the mail train. Ou his arrival he saw
the same boot marks as in the former
cases, and was now satisfied that he had
got the real criminal for behold! he had
returned to the hotel two days before the
"accident" occurred, but he had the cun
ning to be abed with another person all
that night, that he might establish an alili
in case be was suspected, lbit still there
was no legal proof against him. The
boots never showed themselves upon his
legs, and Pinkerton even overhauled Lis
room in search of them, but without ef
fect. He found outt .however, that he had
a pair of strong rind black-green lioots.
which ho wore on rainy days, and l'in
kerton resolved to lay a trap for him on
the next wet day, which happened during
the same week ths.t the "accident" took
place.
His trap was this: lie persuaded the
superintendant to lay down fine red sand
over all the paths to the oiiiee, and then
to send for his spy, hoping that he would
come in his hub-nails. They had not.
long to wait for, expecting a payment of
monies due to him for services not render
ed, he came, wrapped up in a big coat,
and having on those very boots that had
been so long a mystery to the detective.
This time there was no mistake. The
red sand was pitted all over with the
small pox of those tell tale boots, and now
the reader will think there was nothing
more to do but to arrest the man.
Hut what proof was there against him
Vivid circumstantial proof in abundance
legal proof none at all. l'inkerton had
taken tho precaution to make perfect, casts
and drawings of the impressions in tho
earth and if he could get those boots
into his possession he might manage to
sea re the owner into a confession. How
ever, he resolved to get him over to Chi
cago, under pretence of setting Iiim on the
persons suspected of having a share in the
late smash-up.
In this he was succeerfj!, through the
cooperation of the superintendent; and,
strange to say, he carried his boots with
bim on the train. I'inkerlon now made
up his ni'nd that he would have them by
hook or by crook. So at a midway sta
tion he got the conductor, who knew lha
"spv," to invite him to take a drink with
him.; and when ih-s.y were out together
those boots in some quiet way found their
way under l'inkerton's carriage seat. -On
the arrival of the train at Ohicago, Pin
kerton followed his man until they got
into a quiet street, or.d then arrested him,
charging him point blank with throwing
over the two trains in question, and alsjj
witlfthe robbery of the Michigan South
em train sonie two years before.
He shook in every limb, ttfrned ghastly
pale, and in half an hour had mado a full
confession of his crimes. He owned that
be and a friend robbed the mail at the
collision between ths Illinois Central and
Michigan Southern, and said th.at they'
went to Europe and spent the money in
eighteen months, when thoy returned, de
signing to make a regular trade of throw
ing trains off the track and robbing the
mails. lie, was tried, convicted and sen
tenced to the Jacksonville penitentiary for
life, where he died after an imprisonment
of more than ten years.
Such, as near as I can remember the
facts, is the story of these infamons trans
actions There is not a word exaggerated,
although I am pretty sure that I may be j
inexact in some of the minor details.
And who was she criaiioal What was
the name of the wretch who could (hus
harden his heart to destroy his fellow crea
tures wholesHle for the sake of a few thou
sand dollars Header, h.j was a nnton.!
son of Lord IJyn-n, and called himself
George Gordon Augustus l'.yron. His
mother is sHjj to have been a Seotch lady,
Ii'mgin Edinbt-rouh at the time i f his
biith, and a Stewait by Xi.me. His ac
complice was a nephew of Sir Charles
Napier.
There is no doubt about t fie truth cf
tlie story. 31r. I'inkerlon is w-'l known
all ever thi continent, and in trie capitals
of Europe, as a Sort of Police Napoleao,
who never I-ist any great case lie under
took, and whose talenls are only cq railed
by his integrity. It was he who always
recovered the monies stolen from theAd
ams Express company, and who raved
President Lincoln's life during bis memo
ruble journey to Washington, rind it was
(ho same great detective who, wh-.-tj yet. a
young man, woiked up this Prou case.
A". Y. Zcaiua Hat.
JosIi Hillings I'ndrr Oath.
Josh I3ii!ings being du'y sworn, teslihs
az follers
Eight vor.t go into G and hav mutch
ov enny thing left over. M-nny a 3 m g
fellow haz found out this sum in arthme
ticks bi Hieing tew git a number 8 foot
into a number G bot.
V.iileu, in one respekt, is like munny.
That which we hav tew work the hardest
fur sticks tew 113 the best.
I have often herd thare was men who
knew more than they could tell, but i
never met one. I hav often met tl oze
who could tell a grate deal ruore than they
did kno, and waz willing tew svvare to it
besides.
Hope haz a grate menr.y blunders, but
thare iz one thing about her that I ahvus
did like she means well.
Sum people are good simply bekause
they are tew lazy lo be wicked, aad oth
ers, bekause they hant got a good chance.
Thare is one thing that i am not only
certain, but proud ov thare u more peo;
p!e in this world who hav changed lroui
bad to good, than from good to bad.
In munny, interest pholiows the princi
pal in morals, principle often phollows
the interest.
Yu will cotis one thing the devil scl
dum ofl'ets tew go into partnership wiih a
bizzy man, but you will ificti see hiiu
oiler tew jine the lazy man, and furnish
all the kapital.
I dont kno, nfler all, but iz jist about
uz well tc.v git abuv yure bizzness as it
is tew have yure bizznes git abuv yu.
"In time ov peace prepare for war."
This iz the way sum familys liv all the
time.
Whenever yu hear a man who alwus
wants tew bet hiz '"bottom dollar,',' yu
kan make up your mind that that is the
size o his pile.
The devil is the only individiai on re
kord w ho iz said not to possess a single
virtew.
Thare iz nothing that a man will git so
sick of ar too much niolussis.
The vices w hich a man kontrackts in
liiz you'.h, however much he may shake
them oph, will often call on him thru life,
ami seek tew renew biz acquaintance,
Every man has hiz pholiys, but thare
iz this, difference in the poor man Ihey
look like crimes, while in the ritch man,
they only appear tew be exsentiicitys.
OM age inkreases us in w isdom, and
also in rum.tlism.
1 kno lots ov pholks who are plus jist
bekause they waz bc:n so. They kant
tell when they got religion, and, if they
should loze it, they wouldn't kno it.
We never outgro our phollys we only
tdter them.
Thare i ui.Terence between chari
ly iirjd a gift charily cams from tlie
heart; a gift from the pocket.
Coquets are generally too sil'y to be
very wicked
Thare iz full as menny pholks in this
world who have Ljn ruined hi kindness az
thare iz who hav bin injured by kruelt:.
The man who iz wicked cnuff tew be
dreaded iz a safer man in community (ban
the one whoiz just virtewous enut? net to
bo suspektcd.
Flattery i the v.ust kind of lieing.
Ilvpocracv is alwus humble.
Gravity don't prove "tiny thing If a I
rr-aii i3 icn!l7 wiz he don t need and
if lie ain't wize, he shouldn't hav it.
It iz jist '7. natral tew be born poor az 1
it iz tew be born naked, and it is no more
disgrace.
Thare iz no excuse whatever for the
insolen-o 07 wealth thare may possibly
be for the insolence ov poverty".
Laz3-ness iz the fust law ov natur self
preservashun i the second.
Yu kant konvert sinners bi preaching
the gospel tew them at half price. Enny
sinner who iz anxious tew git lii religion
in that wav, iz satisfied with a poor arti-
kle. A". 1'. Wccll'j.
Too Ti:t K. Josh Hillings, in describ
ing the horso fair of the PdlinssviMe Ag
ricultural Society, remarks, very justly
There were two joke of oxen on the
p'r'ound, several yoke of sheep, a pair cf
carrots, and some worsted woil; but they
didn't seem to attract any sympathy.
Tbi people seemed to hanker for pure
agricultural hcrsetrots.''
Alas for the frailty of human nature!
We co'ifess a weakness for "agricultural
horsetrots," too, and we are veiy far fiom
beinan exception to the general rule.
NUMBER 36:
i tutrix IJU'IIOTKR.
Darwinism is a mere ape ology for sci
ence. That's what it is. And its re
new (hir-n. under ihe sun It has berr.
'resented in a great variety if forms by
all the authors of ehi'dren's primers. fr
Mother G use roEdwanl Ear. Eur i
stance, witness the following ancient ex
position of it
"The muiiev minied the hat.e.nn's sifter.
Smirked his lii. :id then be kiscd her,
k ssed so hard he ruired a blister
fche sot up a e!l."
This is a touching incident in the beau -tifnl
pr cess of transition frcm worm to
Wallace from dirt to Darwin. The in
termarriage between correlated fiiniilies
Ihe reciprocal attachment so interesting to
the thoughtful mind; the pa'.hetic piehm
inary of osculation ihe cuticular accident
of veseication his fervency her coy af
fectation of displeasure all, all point
with unerring finger to the mysterious ori
gin and solemn destiny of man. Again,'
observe ti e continuance of ibis resem-.
bianco, as shown in the same ff.mi'.ar
poem
Rridegrr-om s'uek on some court plaster;
Stuck .j-.o last it couldn't sti.k bielir;
O, it wag a ad dis iM r
Rut it S'jon got well."
Here you are again. These be human
parsions, affections, .'.mictions. We pea
the praiseworthy solicitude of ihe bride-,
groom; the faithful constancy of (hei
court plaster and behind all, cunr.ingly
suggested rather than stated, the unrom
plaining patience cf the young wiTe Thr'n
the slew recovery. Put we musA not
linger
'What d'ye !hink the biMc was drest in?
AVhitc gauze veil amj-reen e.laS3 breastpin;
She did look quire intere-tin
iShe wa .-juite a belle."
The scene is changed. The cohesive
emoiient has been removed ftom tin? si-,
luted lip Tho bride, though of Simian
origin, betrays the divine symbol of her
sex the taste for decoration. She rob s
her lovely form in transparent, gossaruar,
revealing by concealing. She orpauierits
her undulating b'K-t with a sapphire can I
jost the way they do now.. Is it not
sulfkiently obvious that the author of this
understood the great principle of natural
selection and the survival of the fihiisi.
as it is now explained by Darwin, Hux
ley and the rest
Put, on r.rriving at the blunt termina
tion of the affecting stanzas, it occurred
to us that they were incomplete that
they were, as it were, rudimentary so,
we handed them over to our ingenuous
office boy to finish according to the evolu
tion theory. He pulled up his shirt col
lar, rolled up his eyes and his sleeves,
spasmodically seized a sheet of paper, an I
wended his winding way along after the
folio w-ing fashion
What d you think occurred pnon arter?
Fiist a son ar.d then a darter
And they kept a grawing smarter
'Cordic to the law.
Lost their taili and found their knowledge;
I'm 011 clothes and went to college;
Studied science and zoolidge
Wagged a classic j iw.
One rcmomoered his '-poor relation,"
Then he printed a narration,
All about his derivation
From Irs erandmamma.
Thus much the boy. Then he fainted
dead away, like Prof.. John Tyndall, F.
II. S., when be surmounted the highest
peak of the Matlerhorn. We dragged
the youth to the sink and sprinkled bim
with the water the "form-j" had bathed
in, and he sadly opened his eyes. "How
are you I" said we. To .which vehement
!j' the lad replied "Walter Whitman
ain't no poet. lie never caught nothin'.
from the Mu3C3 Yrpt the St. Vitus's,
dance." We let him warble cn," seeing
that his mind was wandering. Put hero
are our subsequent meditations "Dar
win is ri"ht. The book of nature is now
Perspicuous. We are what we are, be
cause the monk?y" married the baboon's
sister."
REAtTTiFet. Iisf.Lasd. We all know, of
course, that Ireland is called the Emerald.
Isle," ami that the color of the emerald .13
green, but river had it en'ered cir imagina
tion that there was anywhere in this world
to be seen sv.ch verdure, as it charmed our
"eyes to look upon in the mral districts of
Ireland. Tl:e b'01 is, the knulls, the deli-','
the fields tf young, grain, over which tho
bref? creeps like the playing spirits of the,
beautiful; tho pastures, doited ever with
sheep of purett wod tho hillsides, rising
up into ni't i-hrood .mountains, are all
covered with thick cartas of smooth velvet
But Iieland thoiild also bs called Plowery
fila. Tin-re is not a spot ia Inland. I be
lieve, w hern blessed nature can find an ex-,
cuse fir putting a flnvcr, but Ehe hii cue
not only ii: tie gardens aud meadows, bst
upon the veiy walls aud crags of the s-a,
from the great, blooming rhodcu. Irons do 11
to the fcruiiKest flowrtt that modestly peeps
from its grassy cover. The Irish fuize. s
richly yellow, corcrs ail places that might
otherwise be bare and b.trrer; the silk wonn
delights every where, from thousands f tre-,,
to "drop i's web of gold the blooming
hawthorn, with the sweet-scented pmk.-nnrr
especU'liy tho w hite va'iety. adorns '.tie la' t
tc tpe and the .gardens wall flowers f ev y
variety c'aral.cr to hide the har.-hnc. of ih
mural su- ports; tho beetled cliffs if 'he
North Sea ,are fiinged and Eofteued w.'h
lovely tliwers. and if you kneel anywheev
alm'oi-t on the yielding, velvety carpet, you
will find little, well nigh invisible wre-.
rel, w hite, bine and yellow, wrought in I'
the very woof and Ux'ure. Ireland ought
to be called tho Beautiful Isie The spirit,
of the beautiful hovers over and touches to
liviug loveliness every pdut.
Tiifrk are now SO.Oio post-t fliees in the
Uuitcd S atis, aud more a comu
f