INNOCENT MEN LYNCHED.
O x
were again
Taylor's house,
STARTLING REVELATIONS IN THE PARK
MURDER CASE.
ferry tickets in it, was found in the house of Davis, The
RIE NEGROES LYNCHED IN THE INTEREST OF
THE REAL MURDERERS—THE STRONGEST
EVIDENCE OF INNOCENCE—NEIGHBORHOOD
FEUDS.
IxpraNAPOLIS, Dee. 4.—The recollection of
the horrible assassination of almost an entire famly, in
Clark County, on the night of the 11th of November, fol
lowed, na it was, by the lawless execution of three of the
supposed murderers by an organized band of masked
assassins, is still fresh in the public mind. On the night
in question an estimable citizen named Park, bis wife,
and son 10 yearsjold were murdered in their beds, and Mr.
Park’s two daughters, Eveline and Helen,' age respect
ively 17 and 14, were so horribly mangled that their re-/
covery at the time seemed an absolute impossibility. The
unexampled atrocity of the murder, characterized as it
was by a useless and aimless ferocity, which embraced
victims that could in no manner have interfered with the
obhjeets of the assassins had plunder been the only mo
tive, increased the intensity of public indignation. The
first impression, based on false representations of the
facts, was that the three negroes subsequently hung by
the mob bad done the deed, and that the sickening com
pleteness of the tragedy was owing to a wild, barbaric
thirst for blood awakened in savage natures by the mur
der of Mr. Park and his wife, which had been itself ren
dered necessary to prevent discovery. But, as the white
heat of public indignation began to cool, certain facts
leaked out which were calculated not only to lnplicate
other men, but to throw doubt on the guilt of the un
fortunate negroes sacrificed to the blind rage of the mob.
In order to get at the truth of the matter a shrewd
pewspaper man, who combines in his organization many
of the elements which go to make up an excellent detee
tive, was dispatched by The Journal of this city to visit
Clark County, wix with all sorts of people, and learn all
he could of the particulars attending the murder and the
subsequent lynching. The amateur detective, in a dis
guise Which was a cross between the hog drover and the
country schoolmaster, and with a carefully cultivated
Kentucky patois, visited Clark County and spent four or
five days among the natives, Iie has just returned, and
from an interview with him I have gathered some inter
esting and astounding facts, which go far toward con
firminz the doubts of the guilt of the negroes, and reveal
a shamefnl and disgraceful state of affuirs in certain
portions of Sonthern Indiana.
A powerful organization, known as the Vigi ance Com
mittee, exists in this part of the State, with its head:
quarters at Seymour. Many good men belong to this
organization, as well as some of opposite character. The
doings of thi< organized band of lynchers are matters of
history, an have given the town of 8cymour an uuenvi
able notoriety from one end of the couutry to the other.
The hanging of the Reno gang is still fresh in the public
mind. Altogetier, 16 men have been illegally choked to
death by these bungling amateurs. But the fatal hang
jugs form but a small part of their doings. Bcores of
men have been hung np by the neck until they were in
sonsible, and scores have been whipped until their
bides were cut into ribbons, tarred and feathered, or
driven out of the country by warning notices. For a
time midnight whippings were 80 common in Seymour,
that scarce a week passed without one: and as these
minor events were not deemed of sufficient notice to be
worth a paragraph in the local papers, the outside world
rarely heard of them. Any wandering patent medicine
vender, petty gambler, loafer, or even a shabby commer
cial traveler who happened to miss connection, and pass
a night at Seymour, was liable, if he happened to be un
known, and his facial contour didu’t happen to indicate
Aceply-rooted Lionesty, to be waited upon hy a subcom
mittee, escorted to a convenient black-jack, and there
treated to such a flogging as he would not forget to the
day of Li: death.
Clark County is largely Democratic. 1t 13 made up of
a negro-hating people, most of whom live in constant
upprehension that cach of their dangbters will be com
pelled, at some future time, to marry a great, black,
burly, sweatingfonegro, and that the unholy alliance will
be enforced by constitutional amendment. Aside from
political bigotry the county is within the influence of
the Seymour Vigilance Committee. Neighborhood quar
rels, characterized by the relentless hate of a Corsican
vendetia, prevail, and bave been handed down from
generation to generation, Protective leagues” have
tboen formed by certain sets, and have been met by op
position leagues, There have been flerce perzonal con
flicts, arson, killing and maiming of stock, and threat:
of assassination. Mr. Park, the murdered man, thoug!
an estimable citizen and a quict, unoffending man, hac
the misfortune to become embroiled with one of thes
factions, headed by a desperate and unscrupulous mah,
and was compelled, in self-defense, to attach himself ta
another combination. The ill-fecling, however, had ap
parently died out, and at the time of the murder it had
been almost forgotten.
On the morning of the 12th of November the news of
the murder spread rapidly throughout the neighbor
Lood, and in a short tirue fully 2,000 persons had gath
ered at the Park house, where they crowded horror
stricken about the corpses of the ghastly dead, and
listened to the atertorous breathing of the two girls,
who, all mangled and gory, lay apparently in the ago
nies of death. Mr. Park was known as'a good, honest
wan, and the multitude were wild with horror aud ter
ror. Finally, a gentleman named Guernsey, who scemed
cooler than any one else present, suggested an informal
inquest with the view of finding some clue to the assas
sius. The suggestion was promptly accepted, and Mr.
Guernsey was hy general consent selected to lead the
inquiry. The first question put was:
Had this man enemiesi” The first response was a
spontaneous negative. He was good, kind, honest, char
table, and everybody liked him. But finally one of his
neighbors, a gentleman named Kirk, and a fellow-clder
in the same church, announced that Mr. Park did have
enemies—cruel, unrelenting, and unscrupulous ones. He
said that Mr. Park bad given certain persons trouble,
and they had sent him threatening letters; that he lived
#0 constant apprehension of personal violence or destruc
tion of Lis property. Mr. Kirk had seen many of these
threatening letters, and one of them, signed by the name
of had hinted plainly and unmistakably at assassi
tion. Just at this point the examination of Mr. Kirk
waa brought to a sudden close. Then the inquiry was
made, “Who was from home last night i” The crowd
took up the idea with a howl, and immediately the most
gearching investigation was commeaced. Scores of
people of the class known as shiftless were subjected
to brutal cross-examination, spiced with oaths and
tarts but for a tie no one could be fonnd who was
not fortified with an alibi which was proof even agaiust
blind, unreasoning rage.
On the night of the 12th Mr. Kirk was aronsed by the
barking of his dogs, and went out to ascertain the cause
of the disturbance. He found two men lurking abont his
premises—one tall, awkward, and glouching in gait, with
long, ape-like arms, and the other small iu stature. Mr.
Kirk hailed the men, and inquired what they wanted,
when they advanced upon him, the tall man brandishing
6 bludgeon. They chased him to his very door, and Mr.
Kirk thinks that if he had been a few yards further
from his bousejhe would have been killed. He will not
say that he recognized the men, but he will swear that
they were while men.
The inquiry as to who was from home?” finally de
veloped the fact that a certain feeble-minded and vicious
negro named Johnson could give no satisfactory account
of himself. He was taken before a person who has bad
considerable experience in eliciting the truth from reluc
tant witnesses by means of a little wholesome cowhiding,
or a inAdicions sNEnansion he tha nak BRofrre $1ic assert ad
barking of his dogs, and went out to ascertain the cause
of the disturbance. He found two men lurking abont his
premises—one tall, awkward, and slouching in gait, with
long, ape-like arms, and the other small iu stature. Mr.
Kirk hailed the men, and inquired what they wanted,
when they advanced upon him, the tall man brandishing
bludgeon. They chased him to his very door, and Mr.
Kirk thinks that if he had been a few yards further
from his bousejhe would have been killed. He will not
say that he recognized the men, but he will swear that
they were white men.
The inquiry aa to who was from home?” finally de
veloped the fact that a certain feeble-minded and vicious
negro named Johnson could give no satisfactory account
of himself. He wus taken before a person who has bad
considerable experience in eliciting the truth from reluc
tant witnesses by means of a little wholesome cowhiding,
or judicious suspension by the neck. Before this august
tribunal Johnson first asserted that he had passed the
Dight at a negro ball. “That's a lie,” roared a score
of rough voices, There was no nigger dance that
night.” Mr. Johnson then amended his answer by stat
Ing that he bad passed the night at a house of {ll fame.
He told the truth this time, as has since heen ascer
tained, but he was met with You arc 8 liar;
you lied about the ball, and we won't believe you about
this.” Johnson stuck to bis assertion, but he was flatly
accused of the murder, and urged to confess. Cries of
Kill the “gwing him up,” was
roared fu bis ears; and pistols and knives were bran
dished in lis face. A rope was put around
eral ounces of brain. She is not ratioual. The other, who
was less hurt, is ratioval, She remembers seeing a dark
shadow in her room, but was struck senseless before she
could make out what it was. This would indicate that
hate and not self-protection animated the murderer.
bis meck, and Lo was swung up til
he was almost fnsensible, When let
down he sald that Taylor and Davis, two other negroes,
Aid the deed; that he bad seen them. He was swung
up again, and when again let down, sald that he had
helped Taylor and Davis. He sald that Taylor planned
the murder, because be wanted $10 for a lawyer's fee;
that Taylor killed the people with an ax and Davis held
Sle light, while he kept watclr outside. After the mur.
Aer they retreated to the banks of a small stream, where
divided the plunder; that Taylor complained that
had not got as much as he expected, and that, in the
vision, he (Johnson) got nothing. Johnson also told
bere the ax was secreted, but, on examination, it could
®ot be found. Taylor and Davis were arrested on the
ronfession of Johnson, and all three were taken to Hen
ville, where they narrowly escaped banging at the
+n of the excited populace. By order of Judge Dun
Bam, they were transferred to the Penitentiary at Jef
Bersonville for safe-keeping,
The housce of the ruspected negroes were thoroughly
pearched before the arrest and so-called confession of
Johnson. and nothing was found. Two duys alter thoy
not SWOAr PUSIWYDL) WiIRV IV WHe fa; wrTe™
burnt hole In it, Just like one in his own. On trying iton
he said it seemed too long for Aim, though be still believed
it was his. The pocket-book was like one his father had
had. If it was his father’sit would probably contain two
ferry tickets, which he jdescribed. On examination the
two ferry tickets were found, but ouly one of them
answered the deacription.
and an oid sheep-skin wallet, with two
first was partially recognized by Marion Park. He would
had
From the time the negroes were arrested, up to the
day of their death, some agency seems to have beeu ac
tively at work in disseminating false reports of evidence
calculated to fasten the murder on the negroes, and at
the same time influence the public mmd. It will be re
membered that the first newspaper accounts spoke of a
blodxly coat found in Taylor's house. If this coat was
found, it was never produced. There was also a etory of
three sets of tracks in a potato-patch about the house,
leading to the creek where, according to Johnson's con
fession, the plunder was divided. According to the news
paper reports, these signs were described as three big
negro tracks,” 12 inches long and correspondingly
broad. They were represented as distinctly
marking the approach to the house, and the retreat to
the spot where the plunder was said to have been di
vided, as described by Johuson in his confession. This
story about the tracks held the public ear till the lynch
ing was accomplished. Tie simple truth about the mat
ter is that there were but two sets of tracks, and they did
not lead to the spot where Johnson's confession repre
sented the division of plunder as taking place. One of
these tracks was large and the other small, apparently
made by a No.5or a No. 6 boot, of the quality sold in
country stores as a fine boot. Marion Park, Mr. Kirk,
and many of those who assisted in arresting the negrocs
corroborate this. It will De remembered that on the
night succeeding the murder an attack was made on Mr.
Kirk by two men who, though he does not venture to say
that he recognized thew, he will swear were white men.
The next morning he measured the tracks of these two
white men, and then went over to the Park House and
measuredjthe tracks of the murderers. Ho found the meas
urements to correspond in every particular, and is satia
fied the tracks were made hy the same persons.
The failure of the Grand Jury to find a bill against the
negroes has been urged in extenuation of the lynching.
This had no connection with it whatever. Tt was deter
mined on long before the action of the Grand Jury was
known. It may be interesting, however, to narrate what
did transpire before that august body. All the evidence
enumerated was brouzht out except that of Mr. Kirk
about the tracks, and this was suppressed on account of
the local reign of terror. Stnce the abrupt snapension of
his testimony before the inforinal court on the morning
of the 12th, and especially since the attempt on his life
on the night of the 12th, Mr. Kirk has been reticent and
uncommunicative. In addition to this evidence a young
grandson of Taylor testified that he had heard Taylor
say Le must have money for his lawsuit, and would have
to steal it; that he came home on the morning of the 12th
with a bundle, and counted “a lot of money that he
went to town the next day with a bundle concealed in a
load of wood. But on cross-cxamination this story fell
to pieces, and it was apparent go any sensible man that
the boy had committed it to memory and testitled to order.
Candid men believe he was hired or intimidated to testify
as he did. Before the Grand Jury Johnson at first
denied Ws confession, aud said he had only made it to
escape instant death. The Prosecuting Attorney then
went to the man who had extorted Johnson's confession,
and said: What shall we do? The nigger won't repeat.”
The Grand Inquisitor of the Clark County Ku-Klux told
the Prosecutor what questlons to ask, and to press the
nigger at all points.” This course was foilowed, and
Johnson was finally driven back to his confession. At
all times, when in the presence of those he supposed to
be bis friends, Johnson steadily repudiated his confes
ston, but under intimidation, and with the terror of im
mediate death hanging over him, he repeated it. The
Grand Jury adjourned without finding a bill. They said
they had plenty of evidence, but wanted wore.
At least three members of the Grand Jury were aetive
members of the mob which hung the negroes. Three of
them had killed men before in their lives, and been in
dicted for murder. One of them shot and killed a man in
the streets of Charleston, and was never brought to trial.
Mr. Park was always the friend of colored men, and
had been the especial friend of Tavior. In a community
which was essentially “down onfniggers,” he had be
triended then, defended them, employed them. He had
business dealings with Taylor, and the latter could at
any time have borrowed of lim five times the pitiful
amount he needed for his lawsuit. Indeed, Park was in
debt to him. Taylor had for years borne the reputation
of an upright, honest, sober and industrious man. He
was more than that. Ho was a shrewd, thinking man.
Is it reasonable to suppose that he would commit an
awful murder to get iat he might have had for the
asking? Would he, in a community of negro haters have
uselessly killed his friend and benefactor? Would he, as
a shrewd man, have killed a whole family for a linen
coat and two ferry tickets, and have left a fine giver
watch and pocket-hook on the table untouched
1
Davis has also borne the reputation of an industrious,
sober, honest man. Johnson alone had a bad churacter.
He was not vicious, but what is known in the vernacular
as “ornery.” His assertion that he spent the night in a
negro house of {ll-fame can be corroborated at any time
that protection is afforded to the testifying witnesses,
The report that Taylor and Davis had confessed is false.
They steadily maintained their innocence to the last.
Under the horrible torture of fire, with his flesh erisping
beneath the brands, Taylor having once asserted his in
nocence maintained a heroic silence which has few par
allels. Not a groan escaped him. A man who was present
says: “If the thrustivg of a dozen fire-brands into a
man’s flesh, all at the same time, will not force iw to
confess, I know he is innocent.”
Much has been said about the depot of stolen goods In
Taylor's house. One would think, to hear the people
talk, that enough had heen found to fit out a fashionable
dry-goods house. The simple truth is that not $50 worth
was found,and these can be honestly accounted for. Taylor
has a daughter, who wus a servant in a fashionable
house of ill-fame at Chicago. She naturally inherited a
deal of cast-off finery, and sent the trumpery home. The
first search of the negro houses revealed nothing. The
second search, after their arrest, brought forth the linen
coat and the old pocket-book. The coat was found hang
ing on a nail in plain view, and tLe inmates of the house
declare they never saw it till the searchers found it. The
pocket-book was found in a trunk which had been ran
sacked two days before. Just before he was taken out to
be hanged, Johnson solemnly told Mr.Boyer that he knew
nothing whatever of the murder; that bis confession was
false from beginning to end, and he had only made it as
a temporary expedient to gain time.
From a careful review of the testimony, the conclusion
is irresistible that these negroes were innocent, and have
been foully murdered by a mob. What is worse, every
thing looks as if they were sacrificed to divert attention
from the real assassins. If ever the truth is known it
will be found that the Park family were imwo
lated on the altar of develigh hate—that the smothered
vengeance of a neighborhood feud, quiet for years, thus
wreaked itself on the victims; that the good citizen
whose name was signed to threatening letters which
Park had received, and the tall, shambling, ape-like man
who attacked Mr. Kirk, are one and the same person.
By-the-way, I forgot to mention that a search among
Park’s papers failed to reveal the threatening letters,
though Mr. Kirk had seen them fa short tiwe before the
wurder,
Btrange to say, the girls, Eveline and Helen, who were
mangled, are recovering. One of thew has
8 hole in her head an inch in diameter, and has lost sev
A FAITHFUL PUBLIC OFFICER.
To the Editor of The Trivune.
Sik: Let me say a kind word for a faithful
public servant who, although in an inferior DOsILION As tO
pay, has discharged with great fidelity, for the last 20
years, duties on whose faithful performance thousands
of lives aud mullions of property depend. I speak of
Capt. Cosgrove, the keeper of the light-ship off Bandy
Hook. Thuis ship is moored in the ocean, 74 miles from
land, of course exposed to every gale. Capt. Cosgrove hag
managed his vessel so well that there never has been a
complaint made against him by the pilots, which I be
lieve cannot be said of any other light-bouse keeper in
the district of our harbor who has been in place any
time. The rules of the Pilot Colamissioners require that
the pilots shall report whenever a buoy 1s displaced, a
light not lit, or put out too soon, in order that a remedy
can be had. This remedy has always heen obpiica at
ounce by the Light-Iouse Luspector of the district, a
Daval officer since 1851. I am induced to write this as apt
C. called on we (his vessel being up for repairs) for his
{Plrnal of ten years’ temperature of air and water, which
had borrowed to uid me in an article I was preparing
on the Gulf Stream. Sais journal is 8 model of neatuess
and precision, as well kept as it conld be on the land in
quictude, tustead of on bourd of a vessel pitchiug and
rolling. It is uot the importance of the Fi which con
fers honor on the possessor—it is the fidelity with which
the duty is discharged. The motto of the first grensdier
of France, Latour d'Auvergne, is the true one, Fallen
ou the fleld of houor.” Yours, GEO. W. BLUNT,
dew-Jork, Dec, 3. WIL.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1871
searched, when a linen coat was found in
FOREIGN MISOELLANY.
SANS Ad AMENITY "AY AN ETT yee m_——
STREAM AFFECTS THE CLIMATE OF ENGLAND
AND WESTERN EUROPE—THE BRITISH GOV
ERNMENT CONTEMPLATING MORE THOROUGH
SEA-SOUNDINGS.
GULF
Dr. Wm. Carpenter, F. R. 8, F. L. S., better
known to the world as a great physiologist than asa
physicist, has just given, at St. George's Hall, London, in
one of the regular series of Sunday afternoon lectures,
his new theories respecting oceanic currents. He
began his address by saying ho had recently
received from America an Interesting pamphlet,
written by Col. Bilas Bent, respecting oceanio
currents. With the most of Col. Bent's views he ex
pressed his concurrence, but there were others which
affected the assured prosperity of England from which
he dissented, and which he should endeavor to prove to
be fallacious. He read an extract from the pamphlet
which stated that the mild climate of the British Island
and all the north-west of Europe was due to
the thermal effects of the Gulf Btream, and but
for the influence of this stream in modifying
the normal temperature, these countries would have the
inhospitable climate belonging to corresponding latl
tudes in the Western Continent; and, should the
Isthmus of Panama be cut through, so as to allow the
Gulf Stream to continue its westward course into the
Pacific Ocean, instead of taking its present north-casterly
direction, an irretrievable calamity wonld fall upon those
countries in the form of a rigin boreal climate, which no
human effort could avert. He amusingly alluded to the
very human considerations by which America might
consider herself deterred from meting out this dire fate to
#0 large a part of the civilized world, and added that the
province of his lecture would be te refute this theory,
upon which it seemed possible to base so much Amer
jcan generosity.
From a suspended chart, Dr, Carpenter pointed out
the position of the great warm ocean current known a3
the Gulf Stream, accepting, in opvosiiion to Lient.
Maury, the generally received theory that the initial
force of this current is to be attributed to the (rade
winds in the broad sca between the coasts of Africa and
south America. The two points made by Dr. Carpenter
are: first, that the climatic temperature of the eastern
shore of America is abnoringl rather than that
of Europe and the adjacent islands; second, that the
higher temperature of the western coast of the British
1slands, compared with the same latitudes of the casiern
coast, isnot to be attributed to the Gulf Stream. In
support of the tirst point, Dr. Carpenter stated that the
climate of the Mediterranean might be taken as the
normal temperature of that latitude, since in
Winter it had the very uniform temperature from
top to bottom of about 54°, which corresponded almost
entirely with the average annual temperature of Bor
deaux, Genoa, and other adjacent localities, with which
a comparison had been made, In Summer the temper
ature of the surface of the Mediterranean rises to about
80°, but at the bottom during the eutire year it remains
at 54°, its nniforns Winter temperature, He thinks the
cold occasioned by the mountains of Western Asia quite
sufficient to offset the influence of the African
winds. On the other hand, the coll northern
current that skirts the Atlantic coagt of America, hold
ing its place on the surface till it reaches the Carolinas,
must reduce the elimate of Labrador, New-Foundland,
New-England, aud ludeed the whole coast as fur as it ex
tenas, very much below the normal temperature.
He cited the Winter temperature of Boston and Now
York in comparison with the temperature of the same
latitudes In Spain. Ie then proceeded to dircetly
demolish the jtheory that the Gulf Stream affects the
climate of England and Western Earope. All who are
familiar with the charts of the Gulf 8tream will remem
ber that, when in its north-easterly course ft reaches
about the middle of the occan between America and
Europe, it divides, and a part oft, taking at first a
southward curve, bends around into a westerly diree
tion and goes back across the Atlantic till it again joins
the original northward current, forming in the middle of
the Atlantic an elliptical basin, known as the Saragossa
Sea.
Dr. Carpenter maintained that this returning current
takes very much the larger part of the waters of the
warm Gulf Stream, long before they could, by any possi
bility, affect the climate of the Eastern continent; and
that the remaining part of the current, that still
maintains its north-westerly direction toward the
Western coast of the British Islands, spreads
itself into a shallow surface stream, and divides
with numerous radiating streams, wlneh interdigitate”’
with similar radiating streams of a northern current
flowing south-westerly. He claims that the thermal in
fluence of this small quantity of warm Gulf Stream
water is neutralized by the cold enrrent with which it
“interdigitates and so freely mingles. To account for
thie mild temperature of the western coast of the British
Islands, Dr. Carpenter sets forth another theory, based
upon sea soundings, and physical effects in sea water.
He malutams that from soundings made off
the coast of Spain northward, all about the region
of the BPBritish Islands, there is ummistakable
evidence, that a great ‘mass of warm water, of very
nearly uniform temperature, is flowing northward from
off the coast of Spain to the west of the British Islands,
and, that it is to this that the wild climate of the western
coast of the Islands is to be attributed. To account for
this northward flow, he sets up a theory of universal ap
plication, which, 1f it comes into generalfacceptance as
the basis of extended sea-sonndingz, will do wuch both
to modify and simplify the theories, that have hitherto
prevailed concerning these great oceanic movements,
Iu giving an exposition of this new view, Dr. Carpen
ter began by saying he thought far too little considera
tion had been given to the physical phenomenon that
salt water and fresh water did not follow the game law
in freezing; that while fresh water contracted only down
to 393°, salt water continued its coutraction on to the
temperature of 27°. This contraction in the polar re
gions would tend to form a depressed basin about the
poles, which the adjacent waters, on the principle of
gravitation, would flow in to fill. This new sup
ply becoming constantly cooled and contracted
would create a demand for a continuous
flow to that (central basin: and this disturbance of the
equilibrium in the great mass of water, combing with
that produced by the evaporation in the equatorial re
gions, would give rise to the general flow of warm sur
face water northward, and a correspouding flow of cold
substratum water southward. Dr. Carpenter tLinks the
records of sea-soundings already made give strong indi
cations in support of the view that the depths of the
sea almost uniformly indicate the higher temper
ature that this theory supposes. In frome cases where
the indications have seemed to coutradict this the
thermometers used have been subsequently proved to be
not properly protected; and cousequently untrust
worthy in their reports of temperature. Local peculiari
ties whi*h conflict with this general theory he thinks
may be for the most part explained by peculiar
disturbing causes. This long elliptical clreult of
oceanio water, extending in its longest
diameter from the equator to the poles, would be likely
to bring at some time all the water of the sca to the sur
face. This more or less complete eration of the water
Dr. Carpenter considers of immense importance in its
bearing upon the biological cousideration of the sea.
The fact that deep sea basins are destitute of life, he
thinks, may be attributed to the want of movement of
the water iu thelr conflued basins, by which it 18 de
prived of the necessary aerial influences, In
to bring at some time all the water of the sca to the sur
face. This more or less complete eration of the water
Dr. Carpenter considers of immense importance in its
bearing upon the biological cousideration of the sea.
The fact that deep sea basins are destitute of life, he
thinks, may be attributed to the want of movement of
the water iu their conflued basins, by which it 1s de
prived of the necessary aerial influences. In
support of this, he cites the condition of the Mediterra
nean, stating that it is almost destitute of life except in
the shallower parts; for, shut in as it is with only the
very narrow councetion of the Straits of Gibraltar with
the open sea, it 1s deprived of most of the influence of
tlLis general oceanic movement, by which the deep waters
are successively brought to the surface.
Dr. Carpenter submitted a full statement of his theories
to Sir Wm. Herschel, and did his audience the favor of
reading the reply be bad received, which was written
Just month before the §dcath of this distinguished
mathematician and physicist. This reply evinced a care
ful study of Dr. Carpenter's paper, and expressed the
most unqualified acceptance of the theories it supported,
and he added that be was convinced that this continued
tendency to depressions in the polar basins con
tributed more to the 1iuitial force of the great
oceanic movements] than the evaporation at
the equatorial regions, inasmuch as it was more in
tense in consequence of the narrower limits over which
it extended. This, too, is Dr. Carpenter's view of the
comparative force of the two clements that combine to
produce this movement. Asa result of Dr. Carpenter's
studies, and In accordance with his ad the
British Government are ArTAUEIAN for more ex
tended and thorough sen soundings, which will
either confirm or refute these interesting and im
portant theories hielf Dr. Carpenter presents

the scientific world. Carpenter has the spare
physique. massive brow, and narrow lower face, 80
characteristic of our best Nov Eupliad men but un
mistakably he 18 not one of them, for he spoke of the
town of Bostou, which, just after the return of
Dr. Kane's expedition, had its port closed with
Erin win dit, ER TOT Ted, to
y no 0 on
and he sald the Beogle facetiously explained the
condition by jaying r. Kane nd forgotten to close the
Arctic doors behind him when came out. No Now
England mau, even iu a joke, would have indulged this
depreciation of the road Heb, and its radiating
tious with the ria of the ualyerss. ith Ihdisting conneo
OCRFANIC CURRENTS.
IMPORTANT LECTURE OF DR. WILLIAM CARPEN
ries Dr. Carpenter may bless the world with respecting
the see, it must still remain an nexpresaible regret
sa appointment {rom the Queen of Great Britain should
have him aside from the investigations in which
he was 80 preSminently the loader, and which so much
more immediately conoern the well-being of the human
rr —P————
MURDERS IN CABUL.
ASLUM KIAN AND HIS BROTHERS STRANGLED IN
PRISON.
The dark and blood-stained history of Cabul,
in Afghanistan, has had yet another tragedy added to its
pages. When Gen. Farramorz Khan was basely mur
dered in his tent at Furrah the intriguing Sirdar.
Mahomet Aslum Khan was at once suspected as the in
stigator. He was seized and brought to Cabul, and there
imprisoned with the utmost rigor, along with his
brothers Cassim Khan, Hassan Kban, and Hossein Khan.
It was reported at the time that the conspiracy was di
rected against the Amir himself, After the brothers had
been some time in jail, Cassim Khan and Hassan Khan,
like true Afghans, are sald to have ourried favor
with the Amir by betraying their brothers. They de
clared that Aslum Khan had laid a plot for the murder
of the Amir, in which they would not join, and they now
asked the leave of the Amir to punish their brothers in
Prison. The Amir would not hsten to their petitions at
first, but, on the third or fourth application, is sald to
have given them permission to punish Aslum Khan and
Hoascin Khan if they chose, The expression 8iza kuro”’
gave them sufficient latitude, so the two strangled Aslum
han and Hossein Khan with a rope or cloth in prison.
The Amir, on hearing of the tragedy, Was
thrown into a state of great excitement, as he
had never thought of such a result. He had al
ways, up to the time of the murder of Ferramorz
Khan, placed dependence on Cassim Khan, and to the
last Shing him faithful. n is said he now intends to
send the two murderers to MMidostan. Two other cofre
spondents from Cabul, however, write us to say that the
general impression is that the Amir’s anger is assumed,
and that he ordered the execution himself. There seems,
however, no reason why he should have taken such an
¥ohopalar way of gotting rid of an unpopular man. All
Cabul would have rejoiced to see Aslum Khan publicly
executed. Other items of news, such as the blowing of
deserters from guns, the arvival and departure of va
keels, complaints againgt governors aud so forth, are un:
finvortant.
A
CO-OPERATION IN ENGLAND.
CUO LIA LAU LN ATLA EE
MI. THOMAS HUGHES, M. P., DESCRIBES TIE
CONDITION OF THE MOVEME NT.
ne ddate Rf: All AFA
From The Lomdon Neus of Nor ZL
At the opening meeting of the sesson of the
Social Science Association, held in the rooms of the Asso
ciation, in Loudon, England, Nov. 20, Mr. T. Hughes,
Q. C., M. P., read a paper on The present state of the
cooperative movement.” At the foutset lie traced the
history of legislation pon this subject, and showed that
the British Parliament had now dope all that it could to
facilitate the operations of coiperative societies, and that
their snecess or failure must now depend, not upon the
action of the Legislature, but upon the soundness of the
principles upon which they were founded, and the skill
with which they were conducted, Passing from this
historical sketch, he stated that during the year 1570,
749 societies made returns to the British Govern
ment. The share capital of these societies amounted to
£10,171,305, having a turn over of $41,020,000, and a profit
of $2,677,175. The majority of these nssociations were
merely distributive stores, and but few productive Insti
tutions had long survived the difliculties with which
they had to contend. The reason of this want of success
Mr. Hughes tound in the circumstance that it was more
difficult to conduct a manufactory than a store, aud he
therefore looked to industrial partuerships, where the
intelligence of the capitalist assists the industry of the
workmau, a8 a most important and most beneticial part
of the cooperative movement. Upon the whole, he was
disposed to think that the sanguinc anticipations of 20
years ago were about to be realized, and that the prinei
piso cooperation was likely to rescue the body politic
rom the evils to which it would be exposed from the
system of unlimited competition, which only found favor
with our “let alone” politicians.
In the course of the discussion which followed, Mr.
Lloyd Jones, who has receiily made a tour of inspection
among the cooperative societies of the country, bore tes
timony to the snceess of the cotton wills (spiutting and
weaving) at Rochdale and Oldham, Eugland. At Roch
dale a capital of $750,000, and at Oldham $500,000, had
been invested in these undertakings; snd at Oldham,
last year, a profit of 40 per cent was earned. But the
pecuniary gan was not the greatest advantage of this
system. The men connected with it were the most in
dustr‘ons, temperate, and honest of the working classes,
and from this movement was to be expected the best so
lution of the difficulties arising out of the relations be
tween labor and caplial, Mr. Head (of the firm of Fox,
Head Co., Middlesborougt), whose business is
conducted as an industrial partnership, stated the
amounts which had in successive years been divided
among the workmen, and expressed a contident belief
that in the end the system would work to the advantage
of both masters and men. Mr, Hoskyns expressed some
doubt as to the propriety in industrial partnersoips of
charging the losses of one year against the sum to be dis
tributed ns bonus among the workiuen in another; and
Mr. Jones, watchmaker, objected to cooperation alto
gether, and dwelt at length upon the special qualities
necessary to mike a good retailer, and the knowledge
which he must possess to insure a profit upon his transac
tions. Several other gentlemen addressed the meeting,
and the debate was IR Chet
CHICAGO FIN {ANCES Sat MAYOR MEDILL'S MES
OR
From The Chicago Trilune, Dec. 8,
The communication read last night to the
Common Council, by Mayor Medill, will undoubtedly
command the careful attention of the tax-payers of this
city. Bo far as he could collect the information, he es
timates the financial condition of tho city to be at
As
Bouded debt, Dee. 187). ciuuiiiinnrininannnnneess $14,102,000
Less DOUds ili SINKING FUN. vsservrrrrverssrsnsrrnnne 567,000
Net bonded debt. .ovviiiininans PTTL $1248 0g
Certificates of indebtedne 'e 3,3
Losetided claims for work o canal. ressssrsane
Current expenses, Novewber oo iiiiieisisiiinees 200 4K)
CECT IOI resins ss strats sores irererretrsninsen 405.00)
Total debltevsecssvisssrirsrsirininmessssssrnens $14,252.57
tHuate for cxnenses until Aonil 1. 1872
5 UWALC JO CA PCLoCr BEI AMIE Ty HIS sstvrsrreorny WhATHATE
The amount of money in the treasury to the credit of
the several funds is $1,556,388, of which the city has bor
rowed and used $1,144,186, and has appropriated $140,000
for repairs to the watergworks, leaving as the actual cash
balance in the Heasury, $272,152. The taxes for 1871 will
not be collected until April, 1872, and this 18 Jury of the
vicious system of huving the expenditures su JStantialy
made one year in advance of the collection of taxes, and,
in the meau time, carrying on the city government with
borrowed money. This practice of anticipating the reve
nue Las gone on until, at last, the whole Fonpe revenue is
required to pay loans, the proceeds of which have been ¢x
pended. BXpehdiiuies aro one year ahead of the appro.
priations and the revenue, Of the mouey refunded by
the State $105,000 has already been received, and $645,000
more is exjeied shortly, From this fund there 18 to be
paid the anlary iuterest on the city debt, amounting
to $426,610, and the remainder, $159,000 will be needed to
pay bridge builders and the police force. The additional
receipts fron the State during the next two years will
meect the accruing interest on the debt, and defray the
Pariular oj to which the fund has to be applied,
The municipal losses of Jyonetty by the fire, including
buildings of all kinds, sidewalks, water works, &c., are
stated to amount to $2,609,180, ‘The Mayor recites the
losses of papers and records by the several departments,
but, with the exception of tax warrants in the office of
the City Collector, the loss is not irreparable. The esti
mate of revenue to be collected from the annual levy for
1871, after abating the valuations of property where the
fiprovements have been destroyed, is $2,282,000; but
from this must be deducted the delinquent list, and the
taxes of those who will pps] to the courts from the
assesaments. The Mayor calls attention, in strong terms,
to the coustantly growing number of citizens who resort
to this proceeding to escape taxation, thereby greatly
embarrassing the revenues, sud wercasing the burdeus
Of vthier tax-payers.
THE LIABILITY QF RAILROAD COMPANIES FOR
WRONGFUL EJECTMENT BY THEIR EMPLOYES.
In the suit of Thomas Hamilton agt. The
Third-ave. Railroad, decided by a verdict of $500 for the
plaintiff, Judge Spencer, iu his charge, referred to an im
portant law governing cases of violeut cjectment from
gar, which has been brought into doubt by some recent
decisions, He says it is well settled that corporations
or able n om by their employés or
ari be x pA wt en wile Pine
ue of their Smplodiiient for conductors off
sengers from a hr when they refused to pd thelr fure.
If a conductor ejects a man WionATully t C} Company is
liable, and the jury might in a case like this ve not
only compensatory but exemplary a e Case
of Banford agt. The Eighth-ave. Railroad was cited by
Judge Speyjosr, who dissents from Judge Jones's recent
decision in the case of Priest agt. The Hudson River Rall
round. He Is of the opinion that this case, like that, was
one of assault and battery; that the Company was re
sponsible for daages be sane a8 a indivigua) would
be, uuu that cxewplary damages may be recovered.
Lorenzo Severini sued Ole Bull yesterday in
the Supreme Court, before Judge Brady, to recover dam
ages for a broken engagement. Beverinl has been em
ployed by Ole Bull to siug at his concerts, and in March,
1868, Lie alleges that Ole Bull again engaged him for a
five weeks’ tour, agreeing to pay him $100 per woek and
expenses. In pursuance of this agreement he settled his
business in New-York, arranged with an dusiogance to
tuke his place as music teacher and also his position as
singer in one of the churches. When the troupe started
Beverini was left beh ind, and be now sues for $500 as the
salary that would be due him and $140 ozjensel, The
defendant denies that any engagement wad ever made
although be admits that some conversation occurred
relative to such engugement. Judge Brady, in his
charge, limited the amount to be recovered to $500 in case
the Paintir should receive a favorable verdict, holding
that tle $140 Sxjonses wus uot to be wdded, The jury
found $500 ror the plaintiff.
THE RURROWS DIVORCE SUIT.
Judge McCunn has rendered a decision in
the divorce suit of Jane Burrows against Thowas Bur
rows, already frequently reported. The plainti was the
daughter of wealthy parents in Ireland, by whom ashe
was luxuriously rearcd. Bhe fell in love with the
defendant, a young carpenter, who was sent by his em
loyer to do some work Spon her father’s house, and,
Roupite the objections made by her parents, the young
couple were married and ran away to America. For
over 30 years shay lived Passelully and happily together,
Mr. Burrows In t time having bullt up for himself an
excellent reputation and a large business. In 1809 she
and her adopted daughter went to Burope to spend o
Summer in traveling. On thelr return she alleges she
fougd bid ving with another wouwan, and thereupon
brofight the present suit. Judge McCunn allows the
Plaintiff alimony o¢ the rate of $3,000 a yoar, payable
OIE RULL IN COURT.
THE OOURTS.
BROOKLYN ELECTION FRAUDS.
_
TRIAL OF SIXTH WARD INSPECTORS—TIE PROB
CLERK WHO DID NOT TAKE OATH—THE
STOLEN POLL LISTS,
The trial of Inspectors and (anvassers
against whom indictments had been found by the Kings
County Grand Jury, for alleged false counting and bal
lot-box stuffing ‘at the recent election in Brooklyn, was
begun, yesterday morning, before Judge McCue, in the
Criminal Branch of the City Court of Brooklyn. Great
interest was manifested In the proceedings, and the
oourt-room was crowded with spectators, among whom
were many prominent politicians of both parties. Michael
J. Weldon, Thomas McGiff, and John Shanley, Inspectors
and Canvassers of the Ist District of the Sixth Ward,
charged with fraudulently adding 501 names to the poll”
lists before the poll opened, and with placing a corre
sponding number of fraudulent ballots in the boxes,
were first placed on trial, District-Attorney Samuel D.
Morrjs appeared for the people, and the accused were
represented Ly D. P. Barnard and Jobn LE. Dow. The
jurors obtained were the following:
LEM OF TWELVE VOTES A MINUTE—A POLL
Joseph Hegeman, auctioneer, of Fulton-st.; Dennis McGuire, dry
goods, of No. 98 Elhott-place Moses B. Wicks, weigher, of No. 171 Mes.
twie-st. Cevife RE. Jones, shoes, of No. 260 Dean-st.; Robert Lewis,
bats, of No. 666 Leonard st.; Aaron Havilaud, hardware, of No, 190 Ham
ilton-ave. John H, Lyon, paper. of No. 213 Prankiiu-ave.; John O'Neil,
stair-builder, of No, 644 Balticest. Jos~ph (Brien, dry goods, of No. 143
Clinton-at., Thomas B. Jones, President, of No. 160 ‘Livingstou-st, Ju
lins Klinge, plomber, of No. 398 Herkimer-st.; J. C. Gibbs, agent, of No.
23 Middagh-st.
District-Attorney Morris opened the case, and recited
the facts on which the indictments were founded. He
said:
The defendants are charged with falsely and frandu
lently putting a 1arge number of fraudulent votes into
the bailot-boses of the 1st Election District of the Sixth
Ward, and also with having falsely canvassed the sane,
There were 1,319 votes cast there for the State ticket, and
1,373 for the Senate and Assembly tickets—a very
unusual circumstance, and one calculated to  ex
cite great suspicion, coupled with the fact of =o
large a vote having been cast. The first 500
names appeared to have been fliled in before Re
voting commenced, the entries all being in the same
handwriting, and the whole of the blanks had been filled
in; after that the genuine voting begun, Tuat it was a
uct that those 500 names were entered before the voting
commenced I have no doubt, and that fraudnient ballots
to that number had been Flaeod in the boxes could
be proved very conclusively. One of the witnesses
aweurs that he voted before 7 o'clock in the morning,
and believed that he was about the fifth one
to dnvosit his ballot; at any rate hia vpame
stood the 505th on the poli-list. The manner in which it
was done was, that a copy of the poll-list had been ob
tained before the opening of the Julls, and those 800
names had been entered and the till ng up done iu ad
vance, Preetscly low tho ballots had been put into the
box, I do not know, but it was done with the knowledge
and connivance of the fuspectors, and they must there
fore be hell responsible for the fraud. There were some
peculiarities about the list and on it were to be found the
names of August Belmont and other distingni<hed persons
whom he did not believe lived in the First District of
the Sixth Ward, A Coby of the poll list would be pens
duced, tor the originals had been stolen, by whom do
not know, but I do know who had an interest in having
them stolen, I hope that Jim bear in mwihd that no
party question is involved in the Investigation about to
w ade, for if the purity of the biallot-box canuot be
proserved then our present form of government is a
aflure, und a monarchy might as well be established at
ounce,
THE EVIDENCE,
Officer Robert Barle testived: attended the election at the Ist Dis.
trict of the Sixth Wand, was there before the polls opened; the accused
acted aa Inspectors; deasered the poil-lists to the Inspectors; got them
from the Sergeant of wy precinct; could not swear row many poll
lista I delivered; did not conut them; saw the keys of the bailot-box dw
lizered to MeGif before the polls were opened; remuned at the
lls all day with the exception of a dinner bhonr; don't
Row August Lelmout; wus prescot when the polls closed, and remained
there: th. boxes were then on their stand at the window, sealed; there
were uo tickets to my huow ledge after the polls closed; 500 names could
not Lave been put 10, sod don't think five could have been pat in without
my knowing it; was present when the canvass was made there were 1,00
State ballots, and they were taken oat of the boxes.
Cross-cxatsined—1he ballot-hox:s were taken to the polls the night
before; could not s1v wio took them there; saw the boxes when the
polls were opened in the morning, and though the Xun wide was toward
we, did cot see any ballots in them; at vight, belore the ballots were
taken out to be counted. saw that the tahles were clear and had no ballots
upon them; the polling lice was a Siationery store, and adjoining it was
a sitting-room, where the canvassers id their work after sun
down; the boxes were 80 arrsuged that Bey could be dis
tinetly seen from outside during the canvassing
of the vote, Mr. Pendograst aud several others were present; did not see
the package containing toe poll-lists opened in the morning did not enter
the ron when 1 went tuere in the morning. but saw the Inspectors
through the window; it was uot 7 o'clock when I arrived there; daring
the day there were frequent intervals when little voting was done indend,
once or twice there was as much as 15 minates; in the early part of the
day the voting wis rapid, and several caallenges were wade, but [did not
feel myself called upon to interfere, beceuse I understood it to be my
business to proieet the ballot-box, and only to interfere when called upon
to 10 so by tu Inspectors
Depnty County Clerk Oeorge G. Bomar! testified: 1 received the re
turns of the Ise District, Sixth Wand, on Nov. 14, from Thomas Keating,
Svpervisor of tie Ward; the poll List was leit at my office; 1 don't know
where it is now; it was taken out between 4 p. uw, Nov, 17 and 10 a. m.
next day; 1 don't recollect who left it there; Ilooked at them; there
were two of then; Idon’t kuow by whom they were signed; 1 opened
the list ars) looked at some of the names.
Mr. Barnard objected, taking the ground that the poll
list was; not a record and could not be connected with the
Cine unfees the person making that list should be present,
The list spoken of by the District Attorney was, said,
a copy, and the person malking that copy should certainly
be present to identify and prove it.
Prevaty City Clerk Dennis McNamara testified: A portion of the time
I bad charge of the poll-list of the Ist Distriet, Sixth Ward, it was in
the safe; it was taken at a meeting of the Board of Canvassers, in the
Common Council Chamber; [don’t know the’ name of the person who
left it at my office; 1 think 1t caine in about noon on the dayot election; I
did not examine the list, but there were numerous inquaries for it; there
was nothing aboat it to attract attention, and 1 did ot look through it to
tnd, aaviLing pe a d
witness produced the book containing the oath
the Inspectors, and from it testified that Thomas Aiha.of
took the oath on Oct, 24, and Michael J. Weldon and
John Shanley on Oct. 26. The book was offered in evi
dence,
Officer James Lennev testified: T was at the [std District, Sixth
Ward, on the day of election, and at the canvass, and when it was con
cluded; 1 was there toe whole time; don’t know who sigued the poll
list and returns; Oferr Bole, the Inspectors, Mr. Kinney and po.
were there: the house was full an I sat outside; when they got through
we left aud went to the Ntation-House was not there when the poll
hist aud returns were signed; was there at the opening of
the polls; the three Inspectors were there during the day;
I was stationed outside the door, wvothiug ocenried to ate
teat my attention; [saw a big erowd voting all day; I did not speak to
anybody ali day; I did vo: think bad any right to do #0; I saw more
voiung ithere that day thea ut spy previous election; I was standiug
where I could Lear the names called ont, but did rot pay any attentioa to
thew Ido not live in that district, an ever attended polls there before
the crovid continued all day up to 3 o'clock; it slacke! of then a little
I noted it slacken of two or three thins during the
dar; 1 shgught it was a good deal larger up to 3 o'clock than it was after;
1 delivered the kei s of the boxes up to McGid, but conll not tell whether
they were locked at that time or not; Idid not examine them; I don't
kuow bhuw many Julllinte were delivered there that day; I saw them as
we were coming down frown she Station House, and they were delivered as
we recelved them was not inside during the day; Idid not take uotice
about parties voting all the ticsels or not.
Crossexamination by Mr. Baruard—I have been a policeman 13
Matha previons to the election; 1 attended at the First District of the
pixth Ward; we leit the Station House at 6 o'clock in the morning;
when we got to the polling place we found the luspeciors there; Wes
boxes were in position. and if there had been any tebets io them could
Lave seen thew was there all the day, except ahout an hour; I was in
a position to see the voting, and did not “ce any tickets put into the hoxes
except such as were handed to the Inspectors by voters Bat the closin
of the polls there were men wanting to vote; the boxes were sealed ook
put in charge of the officers; unlocked tie State hoges when they were
Teudy to count them I saw the bog emptied, and there were no tickets
on the tahle at the time.
George W. Packanl testifed—I attended the Ist Distriet, Sixth Ward,
on the day of election; I got there abont five minutes after the polls were
opened, and remsined there until the close of the canvass and the returns
were signed by the Inspectors; 1 voticed the boxes; the glasses were all
Jorvttes, and the woolen part was toward the voters; am positive of
Cross-examination—I was distributing tickets, and during the canvass
1 was there at the reqaest of Mr, Coit; 1 got there at 6:45, but did not
say anyihing to the Inspectors about the boxes; Mr. McGiff received the
badlots aud put them io the boxes; I did not see any ballots put in the
boxes except such as were given to Mr. McGiff by the voters; lines were
formed, bt thee were not tre than eight or ten persoua in the live on
bx occasion; I did not challenge any voters; some one else did on
one oceasion; 1 saw the boxes opened; no ballots were counted except
those in the bose; 1 thiuk there were 1,328 for the State ticket; Mr,
Weldon was uot there at the openipg of the polly
A POLL CLERK NOT SWORN IN,
Mathew McKenna testified—A part of the day I acted as poll elerk and
signed four lists; I returned two of them to the City Clerk's office, and
fue two of them to Mr. McGuire to be left at the County Clerk's office
coud not be exact as to the time I took charge there as clerk; it was
about 12 v'clock to the best of wy recollection; begau on the second
booky I did not make any examination of the list previous to that; the
voll lls Wik on vac table; I dud Bot receive it from snzbody; bad not
feen appointed unill the want before, aud could not gei there in the
morning I don’t know how many fikmes i75® Poe Jyh began
I did not count them 1 took the liste to G3 Cltr ky fig)
o'clock on the moruing follo e election; we got throlyy wi
whole thing about 1 o'clock in the morning; 1 took charge of i
thppomebt; Me i hel at my Place,
rod8 etamwination by Mr. Barnard—I keep a newspaper store, and bad
tn serve By route, which was the reason 1 eoukt pet py the
ivy went there early in the morning to take ort a large pane of
gloss; SLcti8, Shanley, and Weldon were there: I saw the offers come
with the stationery; the Inspectors arranged the boxes; yon could see
from inside und out if there had been any tickets in Ed I could
bave seen them; the boxes bad been left at my store the
night before, and wo one bad access to them; whea
the {is opened I lef to serve m news
papers; did not write aufthing before that; I got back of 9 o'clock;
here was a large erowd there: T have been poli-clerk before, and think
there was quicker voting at that election than any before; I got break.
Beak A. 0 ah uo oof aklemBd a8 sacha azar dhoas raeszmd az mak aazen Aha
glass; Motif, Shanley, and Weldon were there; I saw the officers come
with the stationery; the Inspectors arranged the boxes; yon could see
from inside und out if there had been any tickets in thew; I could
bave seen them; the boxes bad been left at my store the
night before, and wo one bad access to them; whea
the Ils opened 1 left to serve ny news
pers; Tid not write aufthing before that; I got back at 9 o'clock;
Paper was a large erowd there: I have been poll-clerk before, and think
there was quicker voting at that election than any before; I got break.
fast for the poll-clerks and Iuspectors, and then went and got some din
per for them; it was then 12 o'clock, and I remained until the polls
closed the voting was pretty steady, continaous, sad quick during tbe
afternoon at the closing, McUGiJ sealed up the boxes at the Nets of
Wekion, the Republican Luspector; no votes were counted except those
n the boxes.
Ba Cijreet by Mr. Morris—The three Juspectors, Mr. Packard and sev
eral othe Were present when the polls dpencd Mr. Campbell was one
of the clerks! 1 appointed Alderman Dunne 3 dct in 7 Place until I
could get back; 1 lefb before the polls closed 1did not nole® he
veh before I weit away; Mr, McGif appoiuted me asa the
night before the election 4 gud 1 sould apt act for a certain time in the
morning, having business to $6; I live where ny Risctot business
in; I was not sworn fu as clerk; 1 doohs know whether Aidermad Dunne
Was OF not I don’t know whether any one was sworn in as tlerd
Deputy County-Clerk George G. Barvard was recalled:
Did you wake an exa aivation of that poll-Mst! A. Yes, Sir.
Did yoa discover anything unusual in the appearance of that list!
A. Tsaw it appearcd to be writien in two bandwritings.
Q. The first 400 or £00 pames—did you potice the character of the’
writing! A. did.
Now what was it? A. Tt was heavy writing aud appesred to be
uniform I did vot notice the change in the ballot, but abous the center
of he buoy it was in another person's writing; I saw two persons had
sig
Mr. Morris wrgued that the pol list should be admitted
in evidence. very fact of the poll list paving boen
sent in was proof enough that the accused certified to
their being correct, being an act of declaration of the ac
cused in the Flew ises that there were 500 fraudulent
votes cast, and he intended to prove that there was a less
number of vofes cast by that very 500.
Mr. Barnard, in reply, sald the District-Attornoy a.
joned to be desirous of Nroviog fraud by producing the
ist, without producing person by whom those 8500
names had n written. No person had yet been
brought forward who had avything to do with these poll
lists, and before they were to be ated with the con
tents, some person ought to be brought forward who had
something to do with theni. The defendants had nothing
whatever to do with the poll lists.
The Court ruled that the list could not be given in evi
dence as a record, but it might be given as a declaration
on the part of defendants.
Nelson Shaurmas, City Auditor elect, testified tbat he had examined
the poll-lists of the tissries while they were in the County and City
Clent's office, ard discovered that the names of several persons who had
voted soon after she polls opened were recorded the 538th, or Rutesbon,
on the list; lu a conversation with luspector Weldon the prisoner ha
stated that the floss sides of the ballot-bog were bldden from himself,
aad $e Heil 4n2 Suaudioy were iu possoition of the boxes before he
lames Nawnlis testified that ha saded ad 20 a =m. aad that the vellas
wag feeble of the time, and yet blo same appeared os (he $534 on (he
Pe perior Jobs Barman toto thet bo bad mineiely evsmived the
poll-list in the County Clerk's (fice, sad found thet the frit 501 names
were written in a umform hand. and them appeared the names of
August Belmogt, Ardrew J. Garver, and Owes Hand, He testifed thes
the list bore evidence of being g fraudulent one.
The Coust then adjourned uutil this morning.
rl
OPENING OF THE DEFENSE~A PLEA OF MISTAKEN
IDENTITY CONFLICTING EVIDENCE~JUDGR
PIERREPONT FERRETS OUT A SINECURIST.
At the resumption, yesterday, of the trial of
ex-Assemblyman James Irving, indicted for resisting a
United States Marshal when in the discharge of his duty,
Deputy United Stutel Marshal Dowley, on the cross
examination, testified as follows
I got the warrant for Geogbegan's arrest from Com.
missioner Davenport; be gave it to me ot No, 59 Wess
Washington-aquare the Commissioner’s office is not at
that place he told me, the night before, to come there
for the warrant.
The Convt—Is this testimony relevant to the easel
Judge Fullerton—1I want to know the history of this
warrant,
~The Court—The warrant has been offered as evidence
and ircepton as such; furiber testimony in regard to jt
is, therefore, ruled ont,
Re-Aireet examination =The erowd came upon me near
Geoghegan’s saloon, within a minute after had made
the arrest.
The prosecution here rested 1t3 case. In his opening
remarks on the part of the defense, Mr. Spencer said:
I regret that the United States District-Attoiney is not
able to try this case. He ia, however, well represented,
and if Irving is not convicted it &11 not hi» the faulg
of the prosecution. My client's character hos been ase
sailed; but he has never defrauded any one; he is man
of generous Japiiens, and he can rally aronnd him such
friends as Judge Barrett, who has come here without
reward 10 assist in bis defense, In the heat of passion
Irving may Lave struck quickly, but Le never struck so
unfair blow. At the time this’ affray wok place Irving
was a candidate for the Assembly; A fs an Alderman
and he shonld therefore be known as Mr. Irving, and
not as Jim Irving, tis admitted that Geoghegan was
rescued from the Marshal, but we deny that Irving res
cued him, The witnesses for the prosecution did not in
tend to lic; they were mistaken as to the ideniity of
the man who struck Marshal Dowlcey, in fact, this catire
case i8 one of personal identity,
Edward Hogan westiied—TI live at No. 413 West Twen
tieth-st.; I am 26 years age; I am a clerk for my father,
who is a8 house agent; have been with him duce 15%; 1
was with Irving on the night of Nov. on that night
firat saw him at his own house: we left the house to
gether: aman by the name of Brown was with us; we
went to Fifteenth-st, und Avenue B; we went into Ge
oghegan’s saloon and took a drink; from there we went
to a club on Avenue C'; the cinb had adjourned, and wo
came back; when we came back there was a ight going
Con near Geeghegau’s saloon; Brown said, Let us see
what this row is about Irving said, No, we had beat
go away Irving was mixed with the crowd for a few
minutes, but he took no part in the tight; he could not
have taken a part in it without my seeing hin; on that
night Irving wore a light-colored overcoat, (So veral wit
nesses for the prosecution had testified that he wore a
black overcoat).
Cross-¢xamined by Judge Plerrepont—I have known
Irving about one year; he has never granted we any
favor; 1 have been very intimate with him; I went to his
house, on the night of Nov 6, to fold tickets for him;
he ¢id not specially invite me, but I have a general 1uvi
tation to go to his house; I can’t tell what colored coat
Irving had on at hiz house, but I think it was dark one;
when he went out he wore a light-colored overcoat; 1 did
not see Geogheain in his shirt-slceves in the strecty
Irving treated at Geoghegan's; I did not drink anything;
I did not see any one pay for the whisky; I did not hear
any one call, “Jin! Jim Irving!” I beard some one
call, “Jim!” I did not sce Bernard and Dowley in tho
fight; we walked through the crowd rather fast; [don’t
remember that Irving's overcoat was buttoned up; my
father pays me no regular salary, but he given we
woucy whenever I want it; I collect rents for hn
A SINECURIST CONFESSES.
Q. Have you ever been a clerk in the Controller's ofiicet
A. Yes, Sir.
Q. What did you do there? A, I did nothing.
Q. Do yon mean to say that you did no kind of work
there? A. I did nothing whatever.
Q. What salary did you get for doing nothing? A. I
got $1,500 a year.
Q. How often did you draw your pay?! A.Onco a
mouth,
Q. When did you leave the Controller's office? A. Last
January.
Q. Before you drew your money did yon make an affi
davit that 1 had worked? A. No, Sir; Louiy gave
Fecein} for the money.
Were you ever arrested? A. No, Sir,
m) Ase you surei A. Iwas arrested once for being
runk.
Marcus Harlon testified.—I live at No. 3 Varick-st.; I
am dealing in Southern lands and railway stock; 1 wos
with Irving at Fifteenth-st. and Avenue B on the night
of November 6, and I am positive that he took no pert
in the fight; if he had 1 should have seen it; I aw sure
that Irving wore a light-colored overcoat.
 Cross-exsmined—I was born in Ireland; I waa in tho
hardware business there; I came to this city in 1869; I
have never been charged with forgery after I came to
this city I sold cigars on commission 1 have been in the
whisky business with Irving; the whisky in my cstab
lishment has been frequently seized by the United
States officers; when I went into the whisky business
Irving assisted me in getting bonds; I have been ar
rested once on a charge of Yelranding the Government;
the man who had me arrested I had caused to he ar
rested for blackmailing me; there {3 now one whisky
caze pending against we in the United States Court,
Patrick Cunningham, Jacob egy aud Michael Cos
tello testified that they were with Irving on the night of
November 6; that he took no part in the fight; that ho
wore 4 light-colored overcoat, and that he did not Biriko
Marshal Dowley.
On cross-cxamination, Costello testified: I have been
arrested for being drunk, and for assault and battery; I
have never, to my knowledge, been arrested on a charge
of robbery; one night when I was golug hore drunk,
fell agalust a man, and was arrested; at the station
house I was Sharged with robbery, but the charge was
not substantiated.
Re-direct examination—On the night of the row, Irving
wore a light overcoat; it was buttoned up. (Several wit
nesses had testified that it was not buttoned.)
James Brown and John O'Neill, a policeman, testified
that Irving took no part in the fight; that Le did not
strike Dowley, and that he wore a light-colored overcoat.
Adjourned till 11 a, wi. to-day,
lf
THE CITY PRISONS.
JUDGE INGRAHAM RECOMMENDS AN EXAMINA
TION.
1 Pier owedn Wels Tee Coemewns Be 00 meas WRemEmE
In his charge to the Grand Jury in Oyer and
Terminer yesterday, Judge Ingraham said:
There is one subject to which I propose to call your
attention. I refer to the state and condition of the
prisons 8Ad jalia in this city. If what I sce in the news
papers within the last few days be true, there is a state
of things existing in some of them which requires nos
only examination, but something more. If it Te true, as
stated in some of tbe papers, that in some of these
prisons persons arrested are exposed to suffer
ng from the weather to such an exteut as tw
cause death, the offense may be a much more serious
one to the parties guilty of it than at first it nay
seem. I recommend you, gentlemen, to devote a portion
of your time to the examination of these places; the pris
ons connected with the police stations especially are
worthy of notice. The parties who are put in these are
generally of the poorest class, and they are taken at a
time, during the Wintor especially, when they have but
little means of protection against Sugering from the
weather. Although they may be criminal, although they
may be deserving of punishment for the crimcs they
cowmit, yet there is no justice, and no reason, for Placing
them in 4 condition in which their livea are in danger,
and they are exposed to another degree of suffering, wd
allobher kind of suffering from that which the law pro
vides,
THE JEFFERSON MARKET CASE—CORONER’S IN
VESTIGATION.
Coroner Keenan held an inquest yesterday
in the caso of Anson P. Newkirk, the prisonor who was
aljeged to have died from cold and exhaustion in the
Jefferson Market Prison on Tuesday. The deceased was
committed on the 4th inst., by Justice Cox, for grand
larceny. He had been drinking to excess, and was much
Sadie influence of liquor when committed, and had
Dosh for years a dissipated man. At midnight on Mou
‘day he had a fit. One of the keepers, Ed
ward Clearman, gave him medicine and remained with
bim until he became more comfortable, and then loft
him. At 6 a.m. on the following day Newkirk was found
dead. Drs. Wooster Beach hs St. John made a post
mortem examination, and ascertained (hat Joaia Yi
caused by congestion 0 e
continued intemperance. A verdict to that effect was
a iv lara
William Thompson and Michael Grifiin were
convicted, in the Court of General Sessions, yestorday,
of assaulting Denis Meanan, and stealing $40 from him,
in Cherry-st., Nov. 12. The Recorder sald Thompson was
a hardened scoundrel, and, as an exawple to the fool
pads and robbers of this city, he sentenced him to 3
Years’ jin risopment at hard labor. Griftin, on account
of his a ad sentenced to but five years’ imprison
went. John Fretile, for uasplting Bernard Donahue,
and stealing $35 from him, in Washington-st.,, Nov. 3
was slsv scutenced to 20 years’ lmprisoument.
HUG. Sutil
The formal order, affirming the decree in the
Taylor will case, was entered in the Supreme Court yee
terday. This allows tho case to be taken to the Court of
Appeals without delay.
The jury in the breach of promise suit
brought by Lizzle Blackburn sguinst Thomas Horton,
and tried In the Superior Court yesterday, before Judge
Spencer, awarded the plaintiff $750 damages.
The case of John B. McFerncy, an infant,
who sued James Murphy and Hugh Smith for damages
received by being run over by a stage in 1884, resulted,
yesterday, in a verdict for the plaintiff of $4,000.
Justice Brady has decided to hear the case
of Murray agt. Coulter, which involves the right
the judgeship of the Yorkville Police Court, before the
case of Btemmler agt. Maguire, which concerns the
Rdgeship of the civil court in the same district; and be
a8 sot both cases down peremptorily for the third
Wednesday of this month.
The action of the New-York Elevator Com
pany against the Astor, Fireman's Trust, Hope of Provi
dence, Albany City, Hope of New-York, Meohanlics’ and
Traders’, Commonwealth, Norwich, Amsterdam, Colum
Frey be iy Arar A yr dag gn
Joc’ she lgeaiby Sco of Whe clarates Livernoel. Waa 00
x
J
2 Slat
IRVING'S TRIAL.
rrr AVMEN BENTENCED.
CIVIL NOTES.