WASHINGTON SOCIETY.
1 Graphic Fen Picture of the Social
Session at the Capital.
The Hale-Chandler and Miller
Stocking Weddings.
Jolly Robeson About to Enter the
of Matrimony.
Oundurango, Pro and Con?A Great
Row Over a Great Nostrum.
the Circles of the Supreme Court?Chit
chat, Gossip and Anecdotes?Schenck
and Little Emma?A True His
tory of the Speculation.
Washington, D. C., Deo. Id, 187 L
Washington society daring tbe session ol Con
gress is at once the most deinocratio, tne most in
tellectual and tbe most rasolnaitng In the country.
The manners and courtesies of tbe Executive Mail
?on set tbe example, and these were derived from
tbe State of Virginia and the city of New York,
at the nme Washington brought the Virginian
Court with him to Bowling Green and re
ceived the calls of our New York ele
ment, In the days when George Clinton was
Governor?and that big wedding catuo off when
bis daugntcr espoused the culzon Genet?and when
Jay and the Huguenots, Burr and the Connecticut
Furltaus and Adams and the Boston saints lu light
poured la to express their oongratuiations. Every
year the New Year's festivities at Washington are
exactly like tnose of New York, and the same Is
true of no other two large clues In the coantry.
CAPITOL1NK ETIQUEITK.
In Washington tnere are lew Bet ceremonial days,
because nearly every day, Saturday and Sunday
excepted, in Wasmugton official life, is cere
monial day. Punctually on tne first day Con
gress meets the Judge* of the Supreme court walk
?U together to the White House to pay their rospectg
to the Chief Magistrate, and it has been many
years since this ceremonial has gone by delault.
Even when Johnson was being Impeached by Con
gress the Judges made it a unanimous point of
honor to go the whole length of the capital city, clad
In their silken robes, to Bhake him by the hand.
TUB BORE OF CALL DAYS.
At this time we will not particularize about re
ceptions and call days, save simply to relate that
one of the growing nuisances of Washington soci
ety lies In every lady, however bumble or obscure,
or who has any pretentions to be considered a part
of society, axing a certain day in the week to be
called npon. Hence, ir one starts out In a carriage
to pay day calls, tbe ohances are ten to one that
only a few houses win receive him, the servant
responding at the portal that "Mrs. receives
on Tuesdays." Of course where so many Idle people
NUde, and where so many go visiting merely for
the sake of airing tbe horses or showing off the car
nage, it is impossible lor a lady to sit w full dress
expecting to receive people day after day. If there
were less dressing about it Washington life would
bo more open: it would cost less to live there and
sustain a family, and the people would know each
otber better by character than they can do at pre
?eat under all the disguises of dressing,
THE CHANDLER-HALE WEDDING.
The great social subject or the hour is the wedding
of benator Cnandler's daoguter, Minnie, witn Repre
sentative Eugene Hale, ol Maiqe. Hale is a child of
good luck. He la only tliirty-flve years old, and
was admitted to the bar fourteen years aga He
went to the Legislature of Maine only four years
ago, and now he has the inexpressible good
lock to marry the oniy daughter of one of the
rlohest, If not the very richest, beuators in Congress.
Miss Minnie Chaudler is a blonde?large, good
natured and good-humored?but not generally
ranxed among tne leading beauties of tne capital.
She dresses in exqmsite taste, and is the pride of
Zacharlah, her lather, and ol he.' good mother, who
have made it a part of the marriage agreement that
tbe groom shall come with bis wile to live under
their own roof, and not be setting up a lodge of his
own. Hale nas always been tne proitoe or Speaker
Blaine, and it has been said that Blaine loves him
Uke a son He is a thoughtful, modest,
?tudent-Uke young man, with light hair and
dark eyes, square head, refined features and
In suture he Is not above live leet four or five
inches. He belongs in Congress to tbe class or re
publican conservatives, and is as mnch unlike in*
inture father-in-law in temper aud opinion as it is
possible lor a well-educated, discreet, logical young
man ol modern training to do unlike a tall, queer,
positive, hale-fellow-well-met Western politician,
who got bis education la a Detroit dry goods store,
and learned all he knows about politics sitting on
Uie back couutor, denouuelug the English on the
other aide of the Detroit ?uv$r,
n iua tll.NDLKR.
Zack Chandler has many strong elements of char
acter and manv good oues. lie Is the most iloeral
man lu the benate in tne sense of speuding his
money upon his triendB. Now and then somebody
oonies to Washington lor whom za?k has a good
opinion, and ne instantly files off to Weicker's, or
wormly's, or Gray's or some of the Dig caterers and
has a pariv prepared wdicu costs him I'AOuO in a
night, cliandier is ono ol the most convivial men
In Congress and if it were not lor his powerful
fihysiuuu he wouluhave shown the lavages 01 good
ivlng before this. He lives lu a handsome
brown stone residence, wnicu cost tiiiu $40,h)>?a
considerable suin ol money lor a house In Washing
ton. His immediate nulgnbors are Dr. Johnson,
under whose oversigut me children ot several
tbuusand congressmen have been biought Into the
world; Freeman Clarke, the Rochester telegraph
capitalist; Charles Astor Bristo l Thompson, one of
tbe few wealthy natives 01 Washington; Caleb
Cashing and several others. Senator Cuandler Is
oertaiuiy worth not less than one million, and lie is
Caumedly worm not less than two millions of dol
8.
ROBESON AND THE WIDOW AtTLICK.
Society has also been busied with the story that
Secretary Robeson is to uiarry the widow of com
modore Aulick, ol the Navy. Robeson la a large,
thick-blooded, heavy walkinw. red-laced, gray
haired village lawyer, wno originated in Upper
New Jeraey. Robeson has sumptuous apartments
near the Arlington Hotel, aud is very particular to
have his owu cooking none lor him. He buys at
the Cottage Market tne most ponderous capons, and
U Is a superstition among tne butchers that if
nobody comes to diue with him he can cat
whole capon alone. ACnesier county capon is as
big as a turkev, and requires at least two ooitics or
claret and a pint ol champague to assist It to deglu
tition. The widow Aulick dresses in black, and she
la a tidy and rather dusuiug widow, stout, red
teced. with iron-gray hair, and with a young ooy
Wbo can aiwu>s ne seen with his mother whether
Bobeaou be aloi.g or nou Many people allege
that Jovial good humor and a desire
to berriciid a spirited widow and her
?on are all that animate the becretary
of tbe Navy. Nobody ever says anything ill a out
him; tor he Is irauk, cordial and boisterous with
everybody. When Robeson got to Washington lie
started in all simplicity to decorate bis tame with
the contents of a tar^e sideboard and showered gen
eral hospitality; but die prudery ot da.-binglou
society was at once manifested, and the amiable
becretary had to put his bottles back into the cup
board and coutcnl hiuiseit with giving a drink ouly
to such persous as he kuew might be benefited.
CDNDUKANOO IN SOCIETY.
To turn from these topics ol lue to tne matter of
death, i may tell you the great question ol tUe hour
Is cunduraugo. At the commencement of the war
a tail, dark complexioned and dashing pnyslcian
appeared in Wasnlugioa witu the volunteer aimy,
and he was put in cnargo ol the largest hospital in
tne city. During the whole time of the war lie
thus served as surgeon, making plentv of irieuus us
well as some enemies uj h.s miscellaneous style of
dashing now into surgery and now Into pontics.
BLISS THE SPLENDID.
This was Dr. Bliss, the Introducer, through
the assistance of tne fctate Department, ot
eunduraugo, winch is claimed to be the only
cure extant lor cancer, but which one of your
South American correspondents pronounces
a grand humbug. A society sketch at ihe pres
ent time would not be complete without some record
ef Bliss and his nostrum. He ts lully six leet high,
with black eyes, jet black hair aud a goatee worn
in the tasiiion of Edwin Forrest, tie drives a pair
of stylish, lightning horse* down the wood
pavement of the avenae every aiternoon, and
he Is troaUng tor cancer?that naitting
and ternbie disease, tne scourge of Icinnie
human nature?the wives or relatives ef manr per
sons in the government. Among these are old Mrs
Mathews, the aged mother of tue Vice president.
Bhe is a lorge-siatured, white-haired old lady. Her
first husband, father to young bohuyler. was the
?on of the commander of Washington's body guard
while In New Jersey. Alter CoUhx's birth in Hie city
?of New York she marrny a mechanic named
Mathews, who la at present a cleric of the printing
department of the House of lteprcsenUiives.
Olu Matnews is a dull, non-communicative
unlnteriertng old mail, and lie has had several cntl
dren, stepM ters to the Vice President, beveral
years ago his wife developed a cancer, and she lias
suffered much agony ever since, although she man
aged, lor her son's sake, to stand up hours at a time
during his receptions. it was 10 relieve the old lady
from this Durdeu that col fax married. Mrs.
Mathews' cancer Is aggravated by erysipelas.
Bliss' enemies rely upon her extreme ago
to insure her decease, in which case they
will all rise up and exnaim that cundurango kills
instead of caring. Coliax himself, however, thinks
It tne greatest b.ood purifier of the t me, ana tne
Secretary of tne senate, George Gerham, alleges
that his wile, who has had a caucer lor more than
two years, Is In a lair way of recovery through this
means, /Vr contra, the widow ol Commo
dore Almy has Just died of cancer alter
using enndnrango for some time. Wash
ington society may, therefore, be said
to be in a suite of civil war over tne question of
cundurango. Wnen any patient or It Use' dies Dr.
Garuett and ibe rebel (so-called) doctors?who some
time ago turned him out of their society?Hit up
their bands and give Joy. Bliss, who has a good
deal of nerve, aitnouan somewhat of an adventurer,
relies upon ine Hiuie Department to lurnish Uiin tne
root, and be claims that ocrore long he will get the
tnanks and the sympaihy of civilization, while the
chaps who are now trying to ruin nun will be on
their marrow-bones.
JUSTICE MILLER'S DAI"OUTER WEDDED.
We h ive already uad a wedding in the Supreme
Court circle. Tue -supreme court circle is distri
buted between Capitol ill.i and tne National Hotel.
At the National llotel?that celebrated old Inn
where Bucnauan got the Hotel disease?tue biggest,
roost robusc and colossal judges 01 the Supreme
court keep their abode. Tnere Is old
Justice Clifford, ol Maine, who weighs above
three huudred pounds; there is Justice
Davis, ol Illinois, a man worth his million,
who weighs hard upon thiec huuareu pounds; tnere
also abides Justice Nelson, ol New York, the Nestor
ol the bench, who cannot wcign mucu less than
two hundred pounds, ami is a remarkably hand
some speciuieu of a line old lrian-amerlcan jurist,
covered over with white nair like a wise goat.
Clilet Justice Chase bought a country box outside
ol Washington last year, but nis paralysis
has again compelled him to return to tne
home of Ins daughter, Mrs. Sprague, where he is
kindly cared lor, and already looks like bis lormer
sell, with tuo exception ol his hair, which Is uu
Urely gone. Two 01 me Justioes?.vi Her and Field?
occupy roomy and agreeaoie houses in the lost
waste of Capitol Dili, There also lives the voluptu
ary, .viiddlcion, Clerk 01 tne court, who is said to
be quite rich, and who cau tell you pie.ity ol stories
about Wirt. Pinkney, Kuius CUoaie and Chancellor
Kent. Justice Field's nuuse Is said to nave been
presented to liuu by Ins bro.her, Cyrus \V. Field.
Next door to blm William M. Evarts, of
New York, owns a nouse, which Is now
occupied by a Nevada lawyer. These two
houses form a pint ui what used to be the
Old Capitol Prison, where Mrs. burratt and belie
Boyd were counucd ami Captain wirz was uanged.
Justice Bwayue occupies a qu.ei house near the
West End, aud Justice ,-trong boards attheEbbitt
House, while Justice Brauiev is the immediate
neighbor of General Bherman, in the old Ursnt
Dougias mansion, diehard Farsous, the Manual
01 me Court, who is one ol the wealthiest men In
Cleveland, Ohio, boards at the Arlington Hotel.
The richest man on the buprenic beiicii is Davis,
sometimes spoken of a- an auti-Uraai candidate lor
the Prestueuuy; he owns most 01 the valuable
Sroperty in Bloomingtou, in.; well off are lit auley,
troug and Miller.
WHO WEEK OUR GREAT JUSTICES?
The following Justices ol the .supreme Court have
never been elected 10 Lougress:?brad.ey, Davis,
Nelson, Field, .wilier and sjwa/ue. Chase, Clifford
and Btroug have been in congress. Ol these men
tne poorest is Clifford?not worth above fiiteen
tnousand dollars, yet happy as a wood sawyer, tie
is sixty-eight years old, was Polk's Attorney Gen
eral and Minister to Mexico, and was put on tne
Supreme Beucu by Buchanan. Moid is aiso indiffer
ently well on?worth, perhaus, $&o,ujo. biron.',
although nominally from Pennsylvania, is a native
oi Connecticut, and a representative Yankee lu
sagacity anu lorce. He lelt ale Cobege and took to
school teaching, like Chiei Jusuce Chase, and this
Drought htm tu Philadelphia, where he eutered toe
oar lu 1832, and took up uts anode in the old Dutch
county ol Berks, lit serv d manv years as a Judge
of the State Mipreme Court. He is married to a
second wile and has a crop or young children
Justice Samuel T. Miller Is a native of Kenrucky,
and inauy think the ablest man on the oench. He
has been twice,married, aud the daughter just
wedded to Colonel stocking is the offspring ol his
first wife. Me began ine a physician, expressed
ldmseil too lreciy on slavery, and in ls60 he
settled in Iowa. He was counsel to a noli
widow there, his present wbe, and they have sev
eral children. She Is a spirited, able woman, and
Miller rank* with Chase as a man of original thought,
bold mind, large learning and candid, citarltaole
spirit, if cua?e should die now Miller Would get his
place aud deserve it. The dauguter just wedded is
a fine, robust woman, dark in complexion and
slightly burued or scarred npou the lace. Mia
Miner's lather is said to have been an innkeeper in
Onto.
Judge Swayne is noli, made so by judicious in
vestments in Western real estate. He put s 10,000
in Toledo property, wmch yiemcd him. alter several
years, $juj,o.jO. He uas sevoral capable sous.
Justice Nelson has gone home to New York state,
and some tluuk he will never return here, being
now very.old?on iho verge ol clguty. He 1b very
well off and is married to a second wee, bleacued
and ocautdul in wen preserved years as hims.if.
These Justices are uow a harmonious, concordant
body, naviug got over tneir fierce quarrels auout
the greeaback-goid contracts. They have Just ren
dered a new decision 011 this subject, aud nobody
knows what it means, so mat they are all writing
Individual opinions udou it.
Tne Judges icel mat tney occupy a relation of
unpopularity witu the politicians, anu yet one of
lnexpungeaide co-ordinate power, so tney are equit
ably indifferent and absolutely happy. Four men
on the bench would make good Presidents?Chase,
Miller, Davis and strong. All the Justices speak
highly of Lyman Trumoull. Judge Chase said,
some time ago, that Trumbull's opinion in the case
ol the Impeachment of Audrew Joun-on was
worthy 01 tne best exemp.iflcadoas of tne itomaa
Donate. There was a tony scorn in his opening
paragraph:?
To do Impartial Justice In all thlnf* appertaining to the
preient trial, according to the eonauiuilon and laws, la the
duly Impound on each Senator by tne position he noide aud
the oath he hat la-en, and he who taller* In the discharge of
that duty, either 'ro.n oenooaf pr uarty considerations, la
unworthy of bU pooltlon aud inertia lbs acorn and contempt
of alljuaiuien. Till calmer times shall .10 justice to
my motives, no alternative is left me but Uie indexible dis
charge of duty.
TUB NUPTIALS OP JUSTICE.
Justice Meier's daughter married oue of the best
looking hud must prosperous young men lu political
office, a proprietor Ql ihq oenefal order bonded
wareuouse lu New York. blocking served 111 iiie
war haudsomely and became a vroiejc 01 senator
Morton, 01 Indiana, turough whose good offices lie
was transplanted to New York, ana with colonel
Lect, of Chicago, formerly on Uraut's staff, ue re
ceived the big thing ol the general order bonded
warehouse ou the North laver side. It is sup*
Sosed that the profits of tuts warehouse have
be divided up atnoug a great many
persons who do not appear on the suriace. Tne
store oupbt uot to prouuee .ess than $6u,0tM, and it
may jield $100,000 a year. Justice Miller would
probably be made supreme Justice of the Uulted
btaics incase Chief Jus ice Chase should die iroin
tils paralysis or otner cause. Miller is an agree
able man, considerable 01 a politician, and
the enemies ol the uupreuie Court?those
who think the Court ought to bo an en
tirely subservient concern and take lis cue irom
tne partv in power?these like .wider. He lives
In a $20,000 house, buiu lrom an old one lor the
use 01 Delegate Chiiunuu, 01 the District ol Col
umbia. Borne ol the finest presents seen at any
wedding in Washiugtoa were suowered on this
young couple, and tne groom inmseil decorated
the tiride with gorgeous diamonds. The presents
ol the old couple to their daughter were very quiet,
a pocket handkercmei and some gloves, and they
contrasted simpiy and effectively witn the rich outfit
given by strangers.
LADIr.S OF THE SUPREME COURT.
There is little to say about the ladles ol the Su
preme Court. Justice Field is immensely in love
with tils wife, whom lie married in Cadiorma while
a Judge there. The Marshal 01 the court married
the moat beautiful girl in Cleveland, and he has just
returned iroui Europe with a handsome grown-tin
daughter. Jusilco rielu Is, la some respects, the
most remarkable physical chatacter on uie Bencu.
W ithin a lew months lie has had a tumor cut ont of
his back. Within three yeurs he has been the
recipient of an infernal machine winch, nad it been
opened in his presence, would have uiown mm to
atoms. Judge Lake, ol Sau Franct-co, suspecting
tne contents ol tue box to contain, explosives had a
laborer carry it in tne basement ol the capitol and
tdrow it repeatedly agaiust a marble column. Tne
bottom of tne box dropped off oeiore the top, aud
then there were revealed two or threo dozen
muske. cartridges pointing in everv direction and
pre( nred for Ignition by lulmlnating powder and
a "box of matciies, with a told ol saudpaper inge
niously prepared to be nulled across tne lop of tue
matches wnen the lid should be opened. Field,
wnen in the Legislature 01 California, was once
menaced 07 instant death li no arose to make a cer
tain speech. He persisted, nevertheless, although
tne man who threatened mm was a cool desperado;
but David Broderlck, who was then tu tne Leg sla
lure, aud who was secretly awar 1 ol Field's peril,
kept Field's eaeiny coverea with a pistol all the
time he was speaking.
STEWART ON 8IIIN0K.
The heantirul women in Washington this year are
not numerous, .senator Stewart's wile, the daugh
ter or ex-seuator Footc, or Mlsnlssipi, remaius m
Europe, wuere sue has been tor two years, superin
tending the education ol her enffdren, among them
a very haudsome daughter, who will be out next
year auu in Boclety here. Stewart owns a house
next door to Minister Scheuck'a. He relates,
directly from Loudon, the circumstances under
which Sbeuok permitted his uame to be used witu
the Emma mine.
siewari says that the English directors and cmef
capitalists of the mine on that side ol the water
were awara that senenck nad some interest In It,
and they asked him to let his name be put at the
head. Mchenek read his Instructions carol miy over
and came to the conclusion that there was no law
or usage against Ins consenting. Alter the first dis
charge ol light weapons lioin the London r.Yvm
omift and other publications there, be stiffened up
and said 11 be had made a mistake he should
not back out at a time when everybody was
firing at turn, mow art report# that more than
three limes the stock offered in London was applied
for uy capitalists there. He says that the English
are penectly Informed about thw Emma mine aud
all oilier good mines in this country, and that the
stock which has been sold was sow ui part alto
gether for cash, and the rest subject to assessment
iroin tluie to time, 8cheuck's daughters, who are
P?.S ?7ery liauusome, but very sprightly and
lntelliaeur, and not likely to be embar
rassed or foreign society much, are hav
JPSL ,?r8t ra,e Umo 10 Loudon; but the
General bimaeif complains that his salary does not
begin to par hu expenses. The valuable archives ot
our legation In London are stored over a stable,
and are in danger of destruction any day or mgnt.
Stewart, the reciter of all these facts, is a man of
considerable adventurous and versatile success In
public Hie. It is related of him that in a single
mining operation, the Qouid and Curry mine, he
made i280,oon of which $76,030 was cash and the
remainder accrued upon a specified number of
lod wtUoJ1 war? 8'ven to the attorney of that rich
THE MEXICAN PIRACIES.
The Lower California Land Company and
the Late Mexican Filibustering Out
rage?Interesting Letter from
Mr. George Wilkes.
New York, Dec. 10,1871.
To the Editor of thk Herald:?
Dear Sir?Your article of Monday on the reoent
piratical events In Lower California reached me
while on the road from Washington, on the same
day, but at too late an hour to respond in Tuesday's
Herald io the Invitation given me, as one of the
Directors of the Lower California Company, to state
their views upon the subject of tne late Mexican
outrage upon the company's works and upon the
American colonies at and near Magdalena Bay. I
gladly avail myself of your permission, however, as
the political condition or those colonies anu of the
Lower Cauloruia Company is but little understood,
and us vour opinion, that In this raid upon the colo
nies lostered by the company "we are going to nave
a case oi great importance on the part of the United
States against Mexico," w entirely correct.
And now, without desiring to encumber this state
ment with unnecessary details ot title aud acquisi
tion, it is enough to say, at the outset, that the
Lower Caliiornu Compauy is the legal assignee and
owner, in possession, oi a grant mads i y tne repub
lic of Mexico, under President Juarez, in lsfli, lor
colonizing purposes, the rig,its, privileges and
lrancuises of which extend over tne greater portion
or the peninsula of Lower Caluorida. covering
about lorty-seven thousand square miles, or say,
auout tluriy millions oi acres; and to add at this
point tuat the company nought tins grant under an
examination oi lis tlile first by Mr. Robert J.
Walker, and subsequently oy lion. Caleb Cushtog,
Hon. B. P. Butler aad samuel L. M. Banow, Esq.,
the two latter of whom are now counsel lor the
company.
rue wnole of the land comprised within this
grain lies wnniu the latitudes and under tne tem
perature ox soumeru Duly, and is bounded on the
east aud west by two ranges of sea coast, each over
lour huuurod mues in leugtn, indented by deep
bays aud capacious haruors, ah filled with an abun
dan i variety of llsii.
The Mexican government were moved to make
this gran, under a variety of motives, all of whicU
were sensloie, statesmanlike aud proper, in tue
first place tue peninsula of Lower Cauiornia, tiiougn
rating useu as a Mexican province, mid
so lar remote from the central government?
nay, so iar away at sea?tuat it always
maintained a posit.oa of arrogant independence,
contributing to mu nation no soldiers or supplies,
and only acknowledging its supremacv und enn
ui-lit domain iu order to prevent stronger Powers
from picking it up us a possession. 1 uas, there
lore, always been pracneatly under tne ampatnetic
republican protection oi me government oi the
Cuued amies. Geographically ueary tue wnole of
it was a vast desert, uiue-tentns oi whicn bad never
been explored, tne ouiy population oi tue territory
being grouped ut the extreme point of the southern
or lower enJ, aud wnicu population wore as likely
to reject as ,o accept the Governors sent them from
the capital?in keeping with the uabitol conducting
ail tneir revolutions wunout central Interference.
This being tue condition ot things in Lower Cali
fornia, and these oeiug tlio loose relations betweeu
the national and Territorial governments, it was a
proper and a prudegv thing fpr til? twiner to turn
tins uesert Id account by Bilfiig tile Waste portion
ot it witu industrious coioulsts, 2nd in recruiting its
ex. austed unances by cpaiging a round sum of
mouey lor the privilege. Tuese were tne motives
wiuuu l.iduceu the government of Beuito Juarez
tne present president oi Mexico, to relinquish tuo
douiaiu whion 1 have above described, uud whicu
toon ns distinct provincial form in me
grant now ue,j bv the Lower California
Company. Utiuer the .eras of this grant,
the maiu oungatlous ot which against tue
purchasers were that they should pay siou.eoo and
place s.Ai tamuies (.he legal measure of wuiou Is
soo persons) within tue area witniu a given period.
We paid to Ml. uoineio, tue Minister of iheTuexi
can government, luen resident ut Washington, tne
whole oi the above sum. lu uiree several parts and
too, ms receipts there,or. i subsequently uego
tmted witu Mr. Romero a special condition oy wmch
it was agreed on tne part of Mexieo that men of
every race aud color, C.nuese not excepteu, siiouid
be regarded as eugioie colonists. Tne?e receipts
and agreements were iben uled lu tue archives oi
the government at. Washington under tue endorse
ment of Mr. Romero, in order mat our owu govern
ment uilgiii have oitlcial cognizance of the proper
anu lawiui manner in whlcn we, as a portion oi Its
cltreeus, were euneavonug to lilt a contiguous por
tion oi (lie western coast into a valuable nctgubor
These agreements, receipts and rainieations Hav
ing been exchangee and hied, lae Luwer California
Compauy tueu uoiaiueu a charier lrorn tue State oi
New lorK, witu a nommal capital oi $o6,ooo,iwo
and subsequently organized Used, with-Mr. Ricn
ard oeiieu as president, Wm. lb Travers, Treasurer
aad coionei Draxe uetvay as Seoremry. Prominent
among too memoirs of me company are the renew
ing weii-?uowu American cuizous uud capitalists
C K. Garrison, August Helm out, 8. L. M. Burlow.
General B, F. Butler, William G. Fargo, Ed warns 8.
Sinii? <ki->I n.,.1 ,?..i it., Q
ueuerai t. liuuer, William G. Fargo. Kdwavun 8.
sarnord, Leonard Jerome, David Crawiord, John A.
Gruwoid, Marshall G. Roberts, John Anderson
Francis Morris, General Jouu A, Logau, Joan Hun!
ter, George Osgood, Robert MoLaue, George Wilkes
Benjamin ilaliuday. Jacob p. Leeso, captain J. ,t.'
Jsuam, ax ?>eivh, John R. Garlaud, Levi a. Howley,
milium c. Piapuagen and others, wno, taken to
getnei, represent. a personal responsibility to the
extent Ot ?ioo,ut)u,000.
immediately aitcr their organization the company
took tue next propei step, of having the territory,
the control ot wiucn thoy had thus lawfully ac
quired, surveyed, this is an act alw.ys rccog
uizeu by natious as one of the most meritorious
cnaracter, lor the survey and recovery of
waste lands la always done in the
common interest of the world. Tue
survey tor this purpose was organized, under tue
command 01 J. Ross Browue, subsequently Minister
to chiua, and Proiessor Gabu, weii known to the
seleulihc world, ft is sufficient for the purpose of
this ictier tu say that it was very expensive to the
compauy, having occupied several montns and hav
ing covered several degrees of latitude and longi
tude.
ine company, having thus regularly Informed it
sell' o. tue eligibility of their acqutshion, and Its
adaptability, not only to mining uad Usuiug, but
aaitouiiurui development, next took measures 10 pro
vide lor tue eBtuuiishmeni oi colonies, luey oougnt
vesseis; they s?.nt dowu from aau Francisco pioneer
expeditious of engineers, agriculturists and well
borers, with Colonel Drake De Kay, tuo
company's secretary, as their superintend
ent, bcverai locutions lor settlements were
lormed, out tue main one was looatod at Magda
leua Bay. wiicre wharves aud warenouses were
built and extensive agricultural estuoiisuineut*
formej. Arrangements were made oy tuo compauy
by which tne Pacific Mall steamers were Induced
to stop at Magu.deua Bayou their up aud dowu
trips betweeu Pan,una aud San Francisco; and,
following this prosperity, a newspaper appeared,
aud gave Its evidence oi a suosiautial civi.ua'iou.
Ad mis ueariy two years ago.
lhe prosperity of tue company was greatly en
hanced aoout a year and a nan ago, however, by tuo
discovery tuat a valuable moss called "orcuilia," ihat
yielded a purple dye which is probably the aucieut
l'yriau purple that disappeared lro.n use in tuo
earlier ages on lhe appearance ol cochineal, grew
in the greatest profusion in Lower Caliioruia, aud
covered every suruo, stick aud stone witu two
crops a year. Tuere was one continuous natural
plantation of It stretching north anu souin iroin
Magdalena Bay of ninety miles long by twelve miles
broad, tue orcbida capable ot being gatnered,
packed and snipped at Magdalena ut *4u tne
bale and sold in Liverpool lor $.'63 the
bale. Gere was a source or wealth to
the company almost without limit? a 90ureo
more valuable than a discovery of gold; and they
coiiKoqueutly went into extensive expenditures ;o
import uoorers to gainer it ana export it abroad.
In carrying out this latter purpose they entered into
arrangements with a firm of 8011111 Americans,
Iroin r.cuador, named Uobos A Co., wuo took charge,
In targe part, for the company, 01 the Introduction
and direction ot the laborers so employed.
Under these operations and under the Influence
of au extending agriculture the American se.tle
ineut at Magdalena was made a port of entry oy the
Mexican government ana a Custom House estab
lished tuore; wbue, on the other hand, tue Interests
of the American colouies, which had grown up
under the protecting snadow of the company, had
become so Important mat congress 'estab
lished a Consulate at Magdalena, and the
President appointe I Colonel Drake De Ray
to fill toe post. Here was a state of prosperity
whicn exempted the company from tne necessity of
goiug upon the market with their stock aud wnich
enabled them to keep within themselves the enure
property which tbev had tuus acquired and
laboriously utilized. The company did not
lutena,- however, to manage their pos
session*. in auy narrow spun, and I only
mention this clrcnmsiance to show that they were
not lu any sense a mere sueauiatiug or stock-jobbing
association. Tney felt tney had too custody or au
empire, with quasi political power* equal to those
of tue Hudson day or East India companies, aud
that upon its proper development depended much
of tne luture oi tue Pacific ooaai, among ono
of the lead,-tig incidents of which was the
establishment or valuable markets to our own
thriving communities la Upper California. Tuo
land owner* and citizens of Upper Cadfornta not un
derstanding tncre our vie wb ana motived have con
stantly endeavored to uudervaiu our possessions
ana discourage emigration to Magdaiena 1 ay: but,
knowing that alter a wntle tuev would bee tne mat
ter In a duicient light, we did not direct rnucn of
our attention tn correcting these impressions. Tne
company, on tne contrary, bent upou large projects,
sent me direction to Kurope, early last suriag, to
open negotiatioud witu piouunoni bankers and
emigration agents in Hoiiaud, for tne acquisition 01
two or uiiee nandred thousand Dutch colonists, in
a plan of distribution 01 stock, wnicn was thought
to M available, and at a later date tn lite
summer directed ine to also lay a proposal
bo,ore the Preach government to accept the
Communist prisoners as colonists, who then num
bered thlrty-uve thousand uien and women, many of
the former being skilled workmen, who would have
aastmdaied wed with our Dutch agricultures.
The gradual development of these broad plans of
oars through the newspapers, and the too obvlons
prosperity whion wo were enjoying w.th our Or
cniiia, excited the jealousy of the Mexican authori
ties, aud iu tne nndst of our progress and
our plans we were astonished to learn ear.y last rail
that the Juarez government on some pretence or
other naa revoked our charter and closed
autgdaleua as a port ol entry. We
had 110 omcial notice of these acts,
but, with the view of malting proper in iuiry
and protest, we despatched an envoy in uctoner to
the city ol Mexioo, and directed two of our local
superintendents at Magdaiena to go there also, to
co-operate with him iu his efforts and r -piMenta
tions. All tne conditions ot our grant liad been
rigorously lunilled, ana we had complete couudence
that the Mexican government would ulUmutely do
as justice.
While thus depending upon Us sense of equity.
Coins A Co., wno had cnarge of our laborers, and
who had the advantage of being of ilio Spanish
race, entered upon a conspiracy with cerium or tne
natives to dispossess us aud tne Amerioan
colonies whlcn had grown up uuder us,
and, taking advantage of the absence
ot cerium of our loaders, went south
to La Paz, formed a cabal, came to Magdaiena at
the head ol a large body of armed men, who lell
upon the settlements unawares and succeeded in
taking liiem into their possession. Wo ttuve details
ot this outrage iroin our secretary, but tueiolluwing
is a summary of the affair as taken iruiu un extra ot
the daily union of bacramcuto. '.taring date
Novetnoer 26:
On the 2Sih of October a detachment of territorial troopi
came lo Mugilaleua l'roia Da fax to Uiapoiaeas the Mexican
auttioride? ami tei/.e the funds an 1 archives in the Cuilom
House. the federal oiuocra placed themselves under
the protection of lua American Consul, hut Ins aa^ war
not respected, ana be was obliged to flee with the uhiuera lor
his life. They took rci uge on hoard the llnilsh ship Coma
are, and wcro thus enabled to eacape from thu port In a
small schooner under the convoy ot the 1'acltlc
Mall btesmshln Company's steamer c onstitution. The con
sular liars ol Consul He Kay and Vice Cousin Van Win'tle
were brought oil i,i safety, aa also thu archives and papers of
the fi<lerai Custom House. All the port oilloera and tlmir
lamilies were brought away and are now here.
The American icboouer >Ireeuwood, of Ne.v York, which
was lyln.' tn port, was bred lum by the revotuiloulsts and
captured, and is now held by the Mexicans.
The sloop Allen, of New t ork, w is a,so captured, haying
been aenl with a Consular despatch to the Uuile I .S.ales Con
sul at La Paz. A courier to t a?e Nan Lucas, wltu a petition
of the American citizens to the upward bound steamer, was
likewise tan en prisoner.
The soldiers pursued the Consuls and American oitlzens on
board tee Hrnlsh ship Csmadre, but were driven off by the
determined action of Captain 1'e.ii Ice. Constant thru is of
capluritiL' the ship were made, and the capture and shooting
Of the refugees, but no further attempt was made.
You arc uotv possessed ol' the leading features of
tne case of tne late "Revolution til Lower Cali
fornia" and tne piracy upou tue Lower California
Company, aud l turns you wilt feet continued in
the justice of your impression tnat these outrages
aud lucidents go to lorui a case ot great importance
on the part ot the United States against Mexico.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
QFlOHUK WILKES.
RUNNING NOTES?POLITICAL AID GENERAL.
The Cheyenne Leader gives a rumor that John M.
Thayer, late United state* Senator irum Nebraska,
will probably accept the Governorship of Wyoming
Territory.
The St. Joseph (Ma) Herald thinks the best way to
"beat Grant" would be for the democrats to keep
quiet until election day aud then vote to make his
election unanimous.
Good Hop Merchants?Fashionable dancing mas
ten.
A Western paper saya tne Grant wings of the re
publican party very justly have faith tn the integrity
or President Grant. Bui strong as he is, It thinks, In
the regard of the country, he cannot afford to be de
feuded by such questionable fellows as Senators
Conxllng, Chandler, Harlan and Cola In other
words, Generul Grant should cry out, Save me
from my friends."
FILTH OFTHB STREETS.
The subject or street cleaning has been causing
considerable annoyance to tUe Boaid or Health for
the last two or three weeks, and numerous com
plaints have been received by the Board 01 the
filthy condition of the public highways. The police
have reported at the bureau that some of the streets
on the east side were in
DEPLORABLE CONDITION.
ad Investigation has commenced before Judge
Bos worth, who yesterday examined ihe lore
man ot Sir. Brown, ine street cleaning con
tractor, oo the existing state of aftalrs. Tne
foreman stated under oatn tnat the cleaning had
been done according to the letter of the contract;
bm a number of policemen contradicted this by
swearing that the? bad not been cleaned. The
oincers culled the attention of Judge Buswurth to
Catharine street, which Is In a most oftensive state.
Tney also said that a number or streets in the Eleventh
ward, and many of the piers, hau not been touched
U# any cleansing apparatus Iroin tue day of last
election np to November is. The investigation Is
still in progress, and no decision will be given oy
the Judge until alter tue examination of a number
of other witnesses.
''HIGHWAYMEN AT WORK."
To tde Editor op the IIhkaLd:?
Sir?The above is the heading of an article In
yonr issue of laet Monday, ana we, tne parties men
tioned In said article, would respectlully claim, as
an act of justice on your part, mat yon publish the
fact that the country bas decided that we were not
"highwaymenat work." Tilo.uAS HlGGlNS,
237 West Tweuty-sevenin street.
GREGORY CRANE,
237 West TweuLy-scventh street.
MICHAEL GUKLEY,
241 West Twenty-seveutu street.
FOREIGN SCIENTIFIC NOTES.
The sculptor Eisel, of Milan, has completed the
model of a monument in bronze, gilt and silvered,
wmch Is to be erected in Rome la comemorutlou of
the Pourlflcal Juonee.
Dr. Dcm&rqnay nas discovered a enre for lockjaw;
he pnts patients in a room heated to from >dxty-iour
to seventy-two degrees Fahrenheit, auu relieves the
spas.ns and muscular contractions by intra-niuscu
lar injections ol morphine.
The latest report from Tasmania lu regard to the
expeiliuenis for introducing salmon and trout into
that couuiry shows that winle the success of tue
cultivation of botu is extremely probable, the exist
ence oi trout of large si/.e is uumis.axalne.
Captain Burton, the great and accomplished Afri
can traveller, is bringing uoine iroin l'almyra a most
interesting collection ot stubs, aud, more mteiest
lng still, the skeleton of a man eleven feet high,
which is supposed to ba one of the giants of
Basiian,
Sergeant cox writes that a careful and patient
investigation of the phenomena of psychic force has
satisded tiiui that ttiey are purely physical, wholly a
property within the domain of science, and tuat All
the conditions ot their production negative the
theory of spiritualism,
sir Roderick Mnrchlson has appointed Professor
Archibald Geikie, of Edluburg, lus literary execu
tor, and has left him a legacy or ?l,ooo. The Proies
sor will, it Is understood, write Sir Roderick's life,
lie will have a superabundance of materials, tor he
lias leit a large number of boxes flUed wlta papers.
The new mechanical agent, the "jet ot sand."
lias as yet only exhibited a fraction ot lis possible
applications. The latest adaptation its inventor bus
succeeued lu developing luto practical efficiency is
to a peculiar process of replacing tne art ol wood
cutting. The lew experiments conducted in tills
direction In America have promise oi success. Ine
process consists of bringing upon a suitable matrix
a photographic copy or Uie drawing or engraving
widen L is desired to reproduce. This is then
passed beneath the sand-blast, and the cutting uius
obtained. This Is anally subjected to the electro
typing process, and any desirable number oi copies
thus produced, (lie same invention nas been suc
cessfully applied to the decoration ol marbles and
other stones tor ornamental purposes. For this
purpose the blocks are protected with an open de
sign oi sheet iron, or of sheet rubber, aud tho steam
sand-jet directed upon tbeui from a convenient dis
tance.
Tne cultivation of the Eucalyptus globulus
Is making great progress In the south of
France, Spain, Algiers and Corsica; nor is
this to be wondered at, if an accouut lately
given of Its virtues by Professor Uubier. In the
uultrUn d. rh6i aitruitiju?, la even partially true.
It is a native of Tasmania, wnere it was of old
known to the natives and settlers as a remedy for
fever. It prelcrs a marsiiy soil, lu which it grows
to a gigantic height wi'h great rapidity. It dries
the soil by tho evaporation from its leaves, and
shelters it irom tne sun, thus preventing the genera
tion oi maifth miasm. Its wood is as nardasiesk.
Every part of u Is impregnated with a balsamic, oil
oi-camptior-llke odor; and, besides a notable quan
tity of astringent matter, it contains a peculiar ex
tractive, which Ls supposed to" contain an alkaloid
allied to qnlnlne. At auy rate. Its efficacy In
Intermittent and marsh fevers bas gained for
It in Spain the name of the "fever tree." It
It a powerful tonic and diffusable stimulant, does
wonders in chronic catarrh aud dyspepsia, is an ex
cellent anti septic application to wounds, and utns
the skins of dead anlmais, giving tue rragrance of
Russian leather. We cau vouch from personal ob
servation tor the flonrisiilng condition ot tne planta
tions at Uteres and Nice, where trees Irom seeds
MW0 lu 1339 are said <9 he now sixty metres nigh.
LECTURES LAST NIGHT.
BOBERT BPBU3.
by Her. Rebert Cellyer.
Notwithstanding the inclemency or tbe weather
a large audience assembled In the Rrooklrn Acad
emy of Music laat evening to bear a lecture de
livered bjr Rev. Robert Coliyer, of Chicago, on
"Robert Burns." Since tbe great fire Mr.
Coilyer has come on a lecturing tour
East, and so successful has he been
In his efforts to raise a fund for the rebuilding of
bis cnurcb mat a sum of Rom thirty to forty thou
sand dollars is now at his disposal for the above
object. Tbe heroic part lie played during and
subsequent to the great disaster, and tbe
manly patience and perseverance he dis
played in the alleviation of tbe awful
distress that has prevailed in the burned
city ,nave made nis name almost a housenotd word
all over the la-id. The lecture delivered last even
ing was in lehalfof the cnitstlan Union. Before
commencing tne subject proper he said be was de
lighted to have the opportunity to make a
small return for the kindness and liber
ality displayed by the people of Brook
lyn In so Dobly succoring the poor
burned-ont city or tne West. Tins was not Ills own
Individual expression of gratitude. The tamo reel
ings were participated In by a vast multitude, who
had been relieved by their liberality, wno were
grateful not only lor pecuniaiy succor, but also
lor the confidence reposed In them by the
United 8tat.es and the old mother country
ot their arising lroui tills momentary depression.
The lollowing Is an abstract of the main points in
his lecture:?A great many years ago, in Dumtries,
Bcotlaud, in the old cnurcbyard of St. Mlchaells a
spot could be observed overgrown with weeds aud
tuisiles?it was the grave of Robert burns. In the
prune of his manhood he had passed away from
earth, dying m the
MOST ABJBOT POVERTY,
leaving a wife, "Bonnie Jean," aud live small chil
dren to mourn his loss. At the time of his death
the British Parliament was voting large sums of
money to maintain the descendants of lae bastards
ol Charles ibe second in ease ami opuieuce. The
royai blackguard wno afterwards wus (leorge
the lourtn?a profligate of the worst
kind, meaner aud stupider than his
laMier, and tnat Is saying a good deal?was
drawing au immense revenue from a lull starving
population; but yet wan all this waste, had it not
been for tue cliaruy ol a irtt-ud, tne greatest genius
ol ius age, would not have lud nourish
ment enough In Ins lust hours to enable Hi in to
die in iMsacc. lie died aud was burled,
and It seemed us if tlie world had forgotten aim,
but there was something 111 Burns tnai could not be
buried away Horn me memory ol niauKiud. Tne
gieat ones wno had pelted luui in the day of his
no,lUlarity dismissed Ills memory wuu a s.iejr; but
among the people of Scotland were those who
learned to love waat he had written, and treasure it
in tneir hearts, and up and up the wonts ot Burns
went wuerever toe Bible or the Pilgrim's Progress
wont, winning ail hearts by the
8WKKT OHARd OP THEIR GENIUS.
When the Byron controversy was raging throe
years since a leatnug bookseller in New Tork was
asked of wnatpoet he sold the most, and the repiy
was, "Beyond ail comparison Burns-more than
double as ma iy ol him as 01 any older poet." The
explanation of this popularity Is easy. Burns was
tliu chronicler ol the humbler reelings, ibe homely
affections ol' maiiklud,
TUB POUT OP TITB HANK AND FILE.
He was emphatically a raau of tue peopie, sharer
of their joys and partaker of tueir sorrows- He
wept wtihtbeai that wept aud rejoiced with them
tnat rejoiced. Wonder has been expressed that he
could be so great, born as be was in such
humble circumstances; but his lowly birth
was the secret of nls success. The
greatest prouueuous that the world has
ever seen have oeea given to the world til tne exer
tions called lor Hi ia a hard utrugglo wlih poverty. A
list ol royal aud uoole authors tuts beou published
recently, aud among them names tnat would be
uobie m any station; out where Is the oaine iu tne
list that can compare with the Immortal bard of
Avou, the sou of a poor man, liliuseli the
most part ot his Hie in destitute circum
stances. The king of sacred singers was the
Bed of ft farmer. When our owu country was in
the throes of the most awful crisis she nad ever ex
perienced where was the man tound to accomplish
her deliverance? Not among the high oues ol the
earth, but out on the Western prairies, 111 a vil
lage almost as despised as Nazareth, iu the
person ol an individual who piayed checkers on tno
top of a barrel and told droll stories to while uway
bis idle time, a long, lanky mau?Abraham Lincoln.
8o it always is; lrom tUe rank and file spring ihose
who make the world fatuous. it is better to ue a
BLACKSMITH, MAKlNU A UOOO llOKSBSHOB,
than a minister, dawdling awny his time through
the week auu preaching a bad seimon on bunday?
and, said tne lecturer, 1 speoa trom experience, lor
I i know them both. When we look at the life of
I Bums It Is end to contemplate h career at once so
nobie and so base. The earlier part of his xue had
been pure and blameless, urul tot we Had
mm dying of drink at the age of thirty-seven. And
yet witn all bis faults, aud tocy were muny, there is
no poet who has ever done so much to elevate tne
poorer classes to influence aud power. The grand
songs, poured forth from las greut Ticart
often under the influence of sorrows and
tnaL remain as moauments ol his genius, and
will endure so long as the Anglo- sax on race is
found on tbe earth. Following the plough upon Hie
mountain side the poetic spiru first seized him, and
soon tue fame ol the tarmer poet penetrated to the
C1TV OF EDINBURU,
whither In an evil hour lor tilin he was invited,
ffeiore he weut to tue oity tuore was
MOKE OF FOLLY THAN OF SIN
in what he had done, but afier this latal period the
giii was greater than the folly. The age was un
propltioas lor a nature like Ins and nis tail was sad
gm i sudden. Tue society of the period
was depraved aud vicious, and. plungeu Into
Its intoxication, the euthusiastlc youth soou
forget the teachings of his childhood and ihe lessons
or his youth. From tills period uutu his death it is
tearful to oontemplute his career. If asperate drink
ing bouts aud wild burts ol ungovernable passion
constitute the main leatures or it, varied by an
occasional return of the old leeliug of the happier
days. And yet with all his railings he was a grand,
true man, raised up by God to
8INO TUS SONU OF SUFFBBINQ HUMANITY,
and raise nis fellow creatures to s nobler sense or
the duties of life. His great broiuer poet has said
that tue evil that men do irequentiy lives alter
them, and the good is ott Inierrou with their
bonos. But It was not so with Bums.
The dark stains that turow a foul
glamour over bis Ufe are almost forgotten,
but the sweet songs ne has left are daily becoming
more deeply woven into the hearts oi the people.
He lias lert a fame wnlch will widen as the uuys
roll on. aud a memory dear to all who appreciate
true genius. Toward the close of tils life no wrote
that greatest of his lyrics, "A rnau's a man Tor a'
that," and the ideas contained in that nobie song
ore now becoming discussed by earnest ihinkurs
tbe wide world over; aud when tue period of
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD
or which he wrote shad nave come, and the dlgnltr
of labor, ute worth of the working classes, be pro
perly recognized, there ts no name will be held tn
greater reverence than that of Robert Burns, and
we bless Ood that he has lived to make the world
wiser and happier. The lcctore was listened to
with rapt attention, and at the close tue reverend
gentleman was enthusiastically applauded.
PROGRESS OF TEE NINETEENTH CENTURY.
Lectlire by Dr. Marshall at the Cooper Insti
tute Latt Evening.
Dr. T. W. II. Mara bail lectured last evening at mo
Cooper Institute under tbe auspices or Hie Catliolio
Union. There was an immense audience present,
which seemed to take deep interest in ail the
speaker bad to say. The subject or Mr. Marshall's
lecture was "Progress or tbe Nlneieentu century,"
although 11 he had entitled it "Deterioration or the
Nineteenth Century" It would have been tar more
in keeping with the general tenor or what he said
and what he tried to make his hearers be
lieve. Ue asserted that we are drilling Into a
state ol barbarism and savagery as lost os^ it Is pos
sible lor us to go, and all because many nations or
the world have discarded Catholicism and
adopted Protestantism. Indeed, a more gloomy
picture than that drawn by Mr. Marshall
or the nineteenth century In every particular, cannot
be imagined. As ror religious progress tbe present
century know no such inlug, he asserted, lu wuat
we are pleased to term "our progress" we nave
lost sight or all that is dear to mankind?hope,
laltb and charity. In this connection lie
called the attention to what he siyled ino depraved
and barbaric condition or calvinistlo Scotland as
compared with ine glorious ooudltlou ot that
country in the Middle Ages, when it embraced
Catholicism. The squalior, degradation aud pre
eminent misery or certain classes or
Die English, the Scotch and the Germans
are, he asserted, without a parallel tu the
history or pagan lauds. In regard to moral prog
ress, why, it was tbe height 01 Ignorance aud
insolence 10 mention such a thiug. The nineteenth
ceuiury had fallen considerably beiow anything
beretoiore known in any age. Political progress
was not to be tnought ol. Were not the statesmen
or the mediaeval age incomparably superior to the
Hamilton Planes, tue Uladstoues and tue Bismarcks
or ihe present day T "Why, ours was an awe o( cala
mities and the statesmen ol the nineteenth cen
tury bad become lguoraut ot the first
principles or oummon law." Our boasted in
tellectual progress, Mr. Marshall assured
his hearers, was the veriest bosh. Borne bad
claimed that this branch ol progress began with
the Keloruiation. but he would assure tuose who
heard bltn that that one thing aloue put back in
tellectual progress lor ages, iu fine, tue true effect
ol the Keiormatton wan diametrically opposed to
everything like intellectual ireedoiu. These were,
the startling and principal uotuu ot this very ex
traordinary lecture.
ABOUND THE CITY HALL
Everything Quiet Ail Along the Line?Rumor*
"Thick u Blaekberriea," bat "Nothing
Definite"?The Inepeotors or Elec
tion end Their Pay.
THE VANISHING VOUCHER THIEVES.
There wis no excitement In or about the public
offices yesterday. The fact that the startling
rumors of the (lay before had not turned out to be
oi much account in the long run evidently did mucn
to make people less credulous about ever>thing
that was told them us gospel, and consequently less
excitable.
The Board of Aldermen
was to have uiet yesterday afternoon at rour o'clock,
but. there not belug a quorum present wuen Presi
dent cooian toot the chair, uo mect.ug waa held.
The Depart meet of ubli Park*.
It was given out some tun ago that when the new
riginut In tne Para Department ouce got control
the meetings of tne Board would be made pnbiic,
ao that the reporter could t? preae.it and give the
puollo the next day the lull oenuat or tne proceed
ings. As was mated lu tae ilu t*u> of Wednesday
last the Commissioners nave altered their minds on
the snojecc. T.ioy held a meeting yesterday
afternoon, at. which all the couiunsuoiiors were
present, hut no persons oilier i nan tile Commissioners
ami the s cretarieg were allowed in the room. A
messenger stood guard at too o iler dour aud exe
cuted his orders initniuilv by prerouting any one
from venturing into the ap irtmeui wnere the meet
ing was to oe neid. Wu>ii was done at toe meeting
couse pientiy is as yet a mys.eri to outsiders.
The Department <?l i uric Works
wore au extremely glootnv appearance all day yes*
terday. The hallways were deserted and the
vls.iors consisted only or stragglers who took
sh'lter from tho storm in tne corridor, tnauk
lul to encounter no ono wtio uuuiaoded to
know who they were and way hoy wero
there. Several ol the clerks looked a little more joy
lul than tUcy have looked in some timo beiore,
simply on account ot tUc tact that la if uu<l managed
to odtam itieir salaries tor lost September, thus
leaving only two moutus to near iro.u.
The Mayor's <1111
The Mayor came down to his oitlce rather early
and remained hut a short time. It was uudprstood
that he has already appointed ull tne school trus.
lees and inspectors, but leiratus irom publishing
the list as vet until he asoert una wuetuer or
uot ihe anpointmculs are sailsiactory to the
various scuool districts concerned. Sev
eral excited partlei ended at the office
during the afternoon, un ter the luipressl n
that tne Mayor nail been arrested, and worried tho
clerks half to death wun their queries as 'o thai
particular disaster It is u mdless u> state that they
ha i put tultti lu a rumor tna w.;s set 011 foot over a
week ago aud wmca seems destined to tloat around
the city lor weeks to come wiiuoul ever becoming a
positive lact.
The Conptralloi'a OIH-e.
All was qnlet At the Comptroller's ofhce mi
nothing exciting occurre<l to disturb tne even tenor
of the wa? ol Mr. Green's business hoars hut the
1 refluent visits of Inspectors of Election who
had learned ihAt tuoy were to ho paiu
"J were lniormotl ttiat ft ^er
!?,jlrp.^.r5ra.,gin.u''1a. oKLl. SSmS
feTwartt-,"- r .a
siatr LtiAir Hilary lor lutit Scptcuioci. None wer
paid but those who could show indubitable evideue
of having really worked.
The Shrrlll's Ofll e.
was, as usnal, all bustle and confusion, and the
Bherlll and his deputy, Jarvis, had to put up with
the usual ordeal or being -pumped'' by tue report
"X "mSSSSi
{JViKS.w??-'S,n*?S
sSwSSSS fassM s
unknown. ______
The DasrS ol Supervluara
held a special meeting yesterday atternoon, thu
President, Thomas Coman, in tne cuatr. TUere *m
no business of anv irak ortauce whatever transacted.
The bill for meals, Ac., of the Twenty-secoml regl
JUl.it nn niM-Lion day. amounting to fi.ioo, was
referred to the appropriate committee. Requisition*
wiS McefvtHi from toe Keeper of the County Jail
for a new holler and heating apparatus, and from
me coroners lor luel and stationery. Tne Board
then adjourned to meet next iuuisday wees.
THE TOUCHER TH.EffiS.
The Disappearance of John C. Heenan, W.
H. Cook and Edward Uunphy?Doubts and
Misgivings?What the District Attorney
Mays About It?Mtartllns Herniations la a
Few Dayo.
Following in the wake of previous sensations,
which during these exciting times fall upon the
public ear as fast as snowdakes, comes the inteili
ocnce of the disappearance of John C.
Heenan, the ex-pugllist; William U. Cook and
Edward Dunphy, said to he implicated in the
robbery ol the far-famed vouchors. Humor had It
that the three persons mentioned, learning that
?arrant* had been leaned tor their appreheuslon,
ha<Ttod to Europa it was also reported that the
wnrraniH nail been forwarded to Europe, so tliat the
cmpnts would oe captured before they
Hun opflii the sights ot Liverpool, or, should they
^nmi the fftf at oueeustown, their arrest would
surely M e fleeted Be ore they' saw the Blarney
Bt?Tosflictino and complicated statements
ntmar wav that the alfalr became so sorrouuded
tun manv lnvei)U2ftt!ODH H6i Oil fOOU 1 VIM nCeuftn.
BJrx ^"iiT',Te;rA
imnJovedin the Department ol Public works, and
ltlc -Winded' in some measure to conllrm tne re
porm wSvel put ln circulation as to meg asaocia
Uon wltn voi'chbr dikficoltt.
Hut a thorough luquiry made yesterday at various
poaortd At wiiion llocuftu especially weil feoowu
t obe^a frequent vtthor ratKer contributed to.ton.
Srvr a0birr Vti?m?te*?
h^BSf 8? JX^nerV^infomatmS
w?e voucher
M aft was strenuously denied. Tnat Iieennn uas
a?SSS?
ulomvl UM "S, irEor,
nn amtiirfiAT lost out lu what steamer oe was unable
Btr"TM%Lbll?SZ
Kb ?wsrs
nTsssa
ma.T ,w.ratnowever t.i auswe^to some tnterroga
Attorney, too that so lar as to? knew no
tortea ye?lerU8y? Ujjue<| ftjr tUe parties uame t;
mttrior the present he deemed it uuwtse. in tne 111
eris s i? jSS to make any statements regard
ius the matter, out that in a .ew days some vuy
ST AKTl.lNO EE DELATIONS
^.HffisSwSSSSb
known only to the 'Uraud Ju.>. asnu o( any 8Ucli
qqt intimated tliat n? was uot i toenail*
proceedings having been (urS i a
Cook or Duupuy. Altogether tut ru Ul ltt0
k&sbs.ssxr?"<???" w""
que U ted.
winter Tour In Canada,
Among those said to be well posted u was ffmw.
erally "given out," since the fact
weeks ago, tnat ?00(l time in
Uugb Smith were naving mvored
&a Toronto seenw^ to M
city o' lhe aiweutees, making extra
goes the genUeoieu menuoned Coin.
provision to keep out ,r pressed, oe induced
niutee of ^venlY.Lview wiiu Messrs. Bweeuy
to nolo ?hl??tuitions r-rwonto are said to oe
and smith, tne atuac ,0 ajmii ot any conterence
SHSffbWSS W
XW w M very hue thU season.