Lb)
VIEWS OF AN ARIZONIAN.
PROBAMLE LEGISLATION—THE ORIGIN OF THE
TROURLES—THE APACHER AND THEIR CONDI
T10N—THE CAMP GRANT AFFAIR—MR. COL
YER AND THE PEOPLE OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
JROM THE REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNK
wasuingtoy, D. C., Nov. 23.—Congress will
ba called upon during the coming session to give to the
Indian question more than ordinary attention. The peo
ple of Arizena and New-Mexico, feeling that great injus
fice has been done them by the late report of Mr. Vincent
Colyer, will send to Washington wass of testimony ty
prove (Lat the white settlers of those Territories nré not
entirely to blame for the chronic state of war that has 80
tong existed between them and the wild Apaches, and
will ask Congress, before taking action, to give the mat.
ter tull investigation. In a long conversation, yesterday,
with a prominent gentleman from Arizona, T learned
something of the nature of the case as it will be brought
to the attention of Congress, and it gecms but fair since
Mr. Colyer, by the circulation of his [report and by nu
merous paragraphs telegraphed from this city, has had
so wide a hearing, that those who differ with him, and
who wil! be most vitally affected by any action that may
Le taken, should also be heard.
“One of the greatest mistakes which the people of the
East made, in considering the Indian question in Arizona
and New-Mexico,” sald the gentleman above referred to,
“is to suppose that our troubles with the Apaches are of
recont origin, Why, my dear 8ir, there never was a time
m the bistory of that country when the Apaches did not
make trouble. The Spaniards of Mexico were always at
war with them, and even before the white yen came into
their country at all, their bund was always against that
of every Indian tribe.”
“But,” remarked I, “have not the Apaches some ex
suse for waging the constantly aggressive war which
gon accuse them of carrying on? It is said that the
white people really have no right to the land in those two
Territorics, the Indian titles having never been extiu
guished.”
INDIAN TITLER NOT TO BE RECOGNIZED.
“Now, that has nothing to do with our prescut tron
bles,” contiuned the gentleman, “nor would the poople
of the Territories be at all responsible for it, if it had.
The United States, as you know, acquired the territory
of which Arizona and New-Mexico form a part, from
Old Mexico, and we had to take with it all of
its ncumbrances, including the enormous Mexican
tnd grants; on the other hand, neither the
3paniards nor the Mexicans ever conceded
that the Indians bad any legal vight to the Lands they
scenpied, and the United States bas invanably held to
the game doctrine with regard to lands acquired from
either of those nations. But, if this was the prime canse
nf the hostility of the Apaches, not the people of the
Territories, but the United States Government as
1esponsible for the consequences. If the United States
sees fit, our people will not object to the payment of the
Indians, by the General Govermment, for any lands of
which the Apaches claim the ownership; hut senator
Harlan, Chairman of the Senate Committee ou Indian
Affaira, has said in hia speeches that the United States
never intends to recognize Iudian tides tolandsacquirod
from Mexico”
“How many Apaches are there UT asked.
“About 50,000; of these 10,000 are friendly, 18,000 doult
fa), and 10,000 hostile. And here let we tell you what few
people here seem to understand, that there is asmuch
di flerence between the different tribes of Indians asthore
f< between the most caltivated aud refined people of
Washington and New-York and an ordinary Chinese la
boier. Tae Apaches have always been wild, without
trace or a tradition of civilization. They never hve in
villages Like some of the other tribes, but roam abont
from place to place as game, plunder or war tempt then;
they have no sense of gratitude or honor; they will re
Cove as nomy presents as any one will give them, bat
they world be just as likely to cut the throat of thei
Vonefacior the next day, if they found hin alone and
unprotected, as to murder a perfect stranger.”
WHY (OLYER WAS NOT Mol! s1kin
“But Nr. Colyer says that he traveled extensively
through the Apache country and wis not molested; that
all of the Ludians whom be saw were tricndly, and that,
although there were many of them in his caoup at once,
no article was stolen and no person molested.”
“Of course,” was the reply; “and he might stay there
twenty years with his escort of ten or a dozen cavalry
wen and pever see a hostile Indian. The Indians never
do attack an armed body of men; five soldiers, well
armed, may go from one end of their country to the other
without molestation. But if Mr. Colyer had traveled
with a small company, unarmed-—-as tha people of the
Territories are obliged to do every day—he would have
Lad a different story to tell; if, indeed, he had hved to
tell any story at all. Mr. Colyer, with his pockets full
of presents and a force of cavalry at his back, was let
etone; but I doubt if even he wonld have found it pleas
ant to go across the country in the wall stage with only
two or three passengers, The Apaches never come out
into the open field to fight, and they peveratinek an arm d
force. But they pick oft the poor farmer, the unpro
tected mail vider or the lonely traveler.”
“But the Cuiefs whom Mi. Colyer wet complaned bit
terly of the treatment which they had received from tie
white settlers, and Mr. Colyer says that he found them
paked apd almost starved,” T eontinned,
“Well, now, such stories have the effect to ronse the
sympathies of the people here; but the tinth is, the
Apaches have no weed of clothing, The climate is so
warm that they can go almost throughout the whole
year without clothing. I don't doubt that if Mr. Colyer
gave them clothing they would put iton and wear it, but
#t would be worn for ornament, and not for comfort. To
illustrate at about the close of the war a few Indian
troops were recruited in Arizona, and the War Depart
ment sont out a lot of heavy overcoats for them. Well,
in the hottest of the weather, when the thermometer was
rauging about 100°, those Indian troops would persist in
wearing the heavy coats, buttoned up to their cing, As
to their starving, IT don't know anything about that, but
I do know, at times when thesc Indians were receiv
Ing Government rations they have left the militury reser
vation and plundered and murdered the settlers.”
The Camp Grant affair bas caused much indignation;
Is the current version of it the correct onc 1"
ARIZONIAN VERSION OF THE CAMP GRANT MASSACRE.
No,” said the gentleman, far from it. Tlere is no
fudian Reservation at Camp Grant. Many Apaches
came in at that post; and Lieut. Whitman, finding it
easier to feed them than to be constautly pursuing them,
allowed them to remain as prisoners of war; and served
out rations to them. He says that he called the roll twice
a woek; but it has also been proved that he had no way
of identifying the Indians he had there, and that fast
as the Bucks (asthe warriors are called) had received the
penefit of Government rations, they gave up their
places to others, and went upon the war-path. At length,
some of them attacked a farmer's residence and mur
dered the family. Some of the citizens of Tucson traced
these murderers to Camp Grant, and a com
pany was formed which attacked the In
dians there and killed a [great many of them. The fact
that so many women and children were killed has been
cited to prove the atrocity of the deed; but I believe
that it proves, what the people of Tucson all the time as-
serted, that the warriors were at that very time away
on the war-path; if they had been there, more of them
would have been killed. Our people generally regretted
the occurrence, and the Grand Jury has indicted those
engaged in the affair who have been recognized. Tiley
ulso indicted some of the Indians who were known to
have participated in raids upon the white settlers, and
that it proves, what the people of Tucson all the time as
serted, that the warriors were at that very time away
on the war-path; if they had been there, more of them
would have been killed. Our people generally regretted
the occurrence, and the Grand Jury has indicted those
engaged in the affair who have been recognized. Tiey
also indicted some of the Indians who were known to
have participated in raids upon the white settlers, and
the court sent a marshal up to the camp to arrest them;
put sowe one had given them information beforehand,
nud none of them could be found. Now, action like that
of Licut. Whitman is what our people complain of most.
‘They would like to have the Iudians settled on reserva
tions und kept there, and J will warrant that the white
people will never disturb them. But we do decidedly
object to allowing the Tudians to use thé reservations as
base of operations, and an asylum to which to fice after
they have murdered or plundered white citizens.”
But the Sioux Indians used to be as troublesome as
the Apaches, and they seem to have been subdued by the
prescat Peace Policy, as it 1s called.”
THE S10UX COMPARED WITH THE APACHES.
Yes, the Bioux are doing better, but it is a wistake to
suppose that they were quicted by any such policy as
that which Mr. Colyer advocates toward the Apaches.
The Sioux were alinost always om the war-path until the
Governwent filled thelr country up with forts. Then Red
Cloud came here and begged that Jle forts be removed.
This the Government refused to do, and Red Cloud saw
that ne must submit or Lis race would be exterminated,
sud so he submitted. If the Government had removed
the forts from the Sioux country, Red Cloud would have
kept the peace only so long as he imagined it for Lis ju
terest to do ko. The great trouble with the Apaches is
Shut we have never yet made to them a display of force
great enough to convince them that we intend to hold
the country. Agalust ten thousand hostile und ten thou.
sand doubttul Iudians we: have a force of barely two
thousand soldiers, It has been sald that we desire a
turge force in the Territories, in order that the people
psy Live upon the profit made by selling supplies to Lie
Covermment, Tulse not oo; all we want ds ad poate
frig ll by ld Whal ‘ver we farhich ta
THI INDIANS.

tp n——
receive no more than a fatr price for, or (f we do, it ia the
Beith sb ARs: Penieamseataaed AiRAKIE
reoeive no more than a falr price 101, Or il Wo do, it #8 +19
fault of tho (overnment officers.”
“Ia it not customary for the white people to shoot the
Indians indisorimivately wherever they cau flud thom iN
«No. We have some bad mem who may sometimes
murder the Indians wantonly; but it is tho universal
custom among the Indians to murder the first white man
they meet in revenge for Que Hf their number killed.
Young Loring had “6fne nothing to displease them, but
was probably murdered to avenge some Indian killed by
white en,”
THE PRESS AND VINCENT COLYER.
“Has not tue wholo Pacific coast press treated Mr.
Colyer with great unfairness? The California and Ter
ritorial papers have, almost ‘without exception, done
nothing but abuse him since his arrival in the Indian
country."
“Our people were greatly prejudiced against Mr. Col
yer before he wont to Arizona aud New-Mexico, and his
conduct while there and since his return has had the
effect of increasing rather than removing that prejudice.
Asa whole we claim that our people are as philanthropic
as the people of the East. We havo many men who have
been conscientiously studying the Indian question for
some years, with the best facilities for observation which
daily contact with Indians can give, and they think that
any man sent to the Territories to investigate the matter
and make a report, should have met and consulted with
them as to the causes of the troubles and the best way to
cure them. But Mr. Colyer did nothing of the kind on
the other hand, he seemed to avoid the white settlers,
und to be unwilling to hear anything which they had to
say for themselves. At the same time he went among
the Indians whow the people of Arizona and New-Moxico
look upon as their most deadly enemies; listened to and
apparently believed every story which the savages toll
him; received in friendship chiefs whose hands aro
stained with the blood of scores of our best citizens; ap
parently said nothing to the chiefs about their crimes,
Md left with them the impression that the General Gov:
ernment Lad more sympathy for them than it had for
its own citizens whom they had ontraged. Having heard
only one side of the story, and that as told by savages
who have po regardffor the truth at all he writes a re
port in which he recommends unconditionally a policy
though we who have studied the subject for years hesi
tate to do as much—and telegraphs it from the first teie
graph station which he reaches. If you heard the story
of any murderer from his own lips only, you might con
clude that he was a greatly injured mau, but what would
vou think of the person who on this evidenco alone
should undertake to condemn every effort to bring him
to justice. donot say that I belisve Mr, Colver to he
di=lionest; hut 1 do think that he has treated our people
far from fairly."
THE PEACE POLICY.
“Bat.” I asked, “are not your people bitterly opposed
to the President's Peace Policy," and in favor of a policy
which &hall result in the wost rapid extermination of the
Indians
“1 have conversed,” gaid he, with the President on
the subject, avd I cannot find out that he hasany Indian
policy to enforce at the expense of the white people.
One great mistake ia to attempt to treat all Indians alike.
When they are once on reservations and disposed to re
main there in peace, the Quaker-agent-policy may work
to a charm; but it is a great mistake to apply tae
same treatment to Indians who will stay on the
reservations only long enough to fatten up, and
then leave to rob and murder peaceable settlers, Wo
are not generally in favor of extermination, but will
sladly agree to the latest proposition to place the In
dians ou reservations, provided a sufficient foree is given
us to keep them theres But those who leave without per
mission should be treated as hostile, and severely pun
ished. 1 think, too, that if any ontrages are committed
which are traced to Indivns belonging on any reser.a
tio, any band that cannot account for all of 1's mewhers
should be held responsinle.”
INDIANS AS SOLDIERS
“Cannot you use the friendly Indians as a sort of
gird to keep the others on their reservations"
“No, they are too superstitions do mule sol tiers,
That was proved by our experience with the few enli-ted
durimg the last year of the late war. If they were
ordered to report on Monday morning for duty on an
expedition they would consult some old witch, and if
she said that they must not go till Friday you could n't
wake one of them stir, no matter how great the need of
immediate action. Thon, too, they never conld be de
pended upon when once they did start out, for if they
saw one of the enemy and killed him they were more
likely than not to insist on going hack to camp and
having a war dance over his body before pushing on any
further.”
In support of some of these statements I have also
been shown a report recently made by the Grand Jury
of Primo County, Arizona. This report attributes the
hostility of Cochise to a foolish attempt made by an
army officer in 1861 to sicze him in his tent. Since that
tite he has been relentless in his pursuit of the white
people, and all of his peace talks" have been but
treacherous ruses to gain Wan By
At Canip Apache, while the Indians were being fed as
prisoners of war, an officer honght a turkey of one of the
worst of the Indians, giving him in return a hat full of
cmmunition. During the time they were nominally held
us prisoners of war, the Indians were not disarmed, or
in any way controlled. They were counted ou ration
dave, and some inquiry was made after absentees, but
that was all, A party of these Indians, fed at Govern
went expense, were recoguized moa raid upon the
live stock of the people of Tucson, and another
party lett camp and killed Col. stone, Deputy Col
CJector of Customs anda tive men. The chief of this
aranding party, after acknowledging the outrage, wis
grain fed at the camp. Other facts of this character are
particularized. The Grand Jury further present that
“beastly drunkenness" prevailed among the command
ing officers at Camp Grant, Camp Goodwin, and Camp
Apache. One officer got drank with the Indians
upon hospital iquors. These oflicers have been in the
habit of violating the chastity of the Indian women. It
is turthermore charged that the entire body of the
Indians might be absent trom the reservation for many
days without the knowledge of the commanding officer,
GE NERAL NOTES.
a ——e
In Fall River, Mass., 19 new cotton mills are
now building, and some of them are nearly completed,
This, in addition to the mills already boilt, and long in
operation there, will make the entire pumber nearly 5,
which represent a capital of about £50,000,000. Fall River
is growing so rapidly that there 1s little doubt that
within five years the city will have a population of 50,
oo, and will soon become, if it is not now, the weoalthiest
manufacturing town in America. It will have within
the next twelve months fully one srr wore spindies
than any other eity in New-England.
The few instances where portions of Dbuild
fugs have survived the test of the Chicago conflagration
furnish valuable lessons to those who are interested in
firc-proof construction. The Chicago Tribune says, in re
ply to an inquiry “The experience of our fire decides
us in favor of iron ceilings.” It {a stated that in all
cases where the walls were not injured, and afforded a
tir support for the iron beams, the iron arched cellings
were uninjured. More than half of the ceilings of The
Tribune building are said to be #till good, and all that
will be needed is a coat of paint overhead, and a floor, to
render the rooms us they were hefore the tire. It should
be added that the iron arches were covered with mortar
made of Ftd and cement, an inch or wore above the
crown of the arch; aud that this mortar, when dry,
becawe hard.
In Boston, where Thanksgiving Days were
jovented, and where the scicuce of keeping them has
been brought quite near to pertection, it 18 not con
eldercd a creditable thing tbat any one should go with
out a geod dinucr upon that festival day, sacred to
prayer and proveuder. The proper observation of the
anniversary is, in fact, put into the hands of the police,
for the chief of that body issues a proclamation in behalf
of *‘the widow, the Srpuas, and the worthy poor,”
Kind-hearted ladies an feutlemen, who have plenty
and to spare, are enjoined to send their donations to the
Chief's office, and policemen will be detaiied to Jouk up
cases of destitution, and to see to it that all who deserve
a square meal, shall have it on Thanksgiving Day if
never again. Even in the prisons there is extra diet for
the incarcerated, and the wickedest man there can have
bis belly as full as that of the most law-abiding indi
vidual outside, The knife-and-fork style of charity
beats the tract distribution style “every time.”
Col. Forney, writing from Chicago to The
Press, gives mauy interesting particulars of the condl
tion of that city and its prospects of recovery from its
great disaster. He urges, dpou those who are able to
contribute to the relief of the sufferers, the need of
further and immediate help in view of the rapid ap
proach of Winter. He says some things to the nch citi
zeus of Philadelphia which those of New-York would do
well to hear, since this is a matter in which they cannot
afford to be outdone: Here is a chance that will pay
better than all your other investments. Come hither
«with full hearts and purses, and let the one
prompt you to open the other. You have
moke than enongh for yourselves; You should
give to those who have not enough ‘to keep
y and soul Jogether, There is not one of yon tha
could not Suplics four times your first subscription.
Do not hesitate. Do not disgrace the name of men when
80 aly wen, women, and children are crying for your
aid. Jou doubt, cowe hither and investigate for your
selves. How sad it 1s to see a rich man doling tS his
wite in an hour when millious are needed! These  peoble
need SVEIY YEE -ADOYS all, blankets, shoes, and stout
Winter wear. The rich of October 7 are suffering as
much as the destitute. Handreds of them are living
from hand to mouth. They have s1cpaifed handsome
houses for single rooms and pine cabins. Hundreds of la
dies have lost their furs and shawls; hundreds of gentles
wen have Jost their libraries, their medical jnstruments,
thelr account books, their best clothes,” One fact which
Lhe mentions, as ‘universally conceded,” will be re
garded as contradicting the prevaling belief. The
wooden puvemonts of easy ure more fire-proof thin
Ler en and granite. Miles of these are solid aud Intact
on the streets swept clear of their maseive bulldinge,
due a pm Lard as the Belgian, and far better than the

21) By ol Li
wo bla
NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. WEDNESDAX, NOVEMBER 29. 1871
THE BINGHAMTON ASYLUM
SUGGESTIONS FOR IMPROVING TRAE NEW-TORK
STATE INEBRIATE ASYLUM.
Pm. the WAL IAr af Tha Teldlhunst
SIR: As the time is approaching when the
members of that Doay will make AK BprUptianees =m
the completion of the New-York Stale Incbriate Asylum
noar Binghamton, N. Y., I believe it not out of place to
make a few suggestions as to tho ways ln which the insti’
tution could, by the judicious expending of such an ap
propriation, be vastly improved, and present still mory
attractions to the many who come here seeking cure.
The north wing of the institution should be completed
without delay. The Asylum, in its present oondition, 13
barely large enough to accommodate ite many pationts,
and it cannot be doubted that when it becomes known
that the Asylum in at Inst compleied, and instead of hav
ing accommodations for 9 or 100 patients, double that
number can tind accommodations in a place where they
can overcome their love of strong drink, the Asylum
will be crowded by applicants for admission. If this
Legislature mocts, and as it 1s to bo boped that the
Arylum were a purely private undertaking, it would be
heralded and advertised throughout the length and
breadth of the country certificates from former patrons
of the Asylum would show in glowing terms that they
wero cured. Now, however, uo such tricks are resorted
to to obtain patients, and still the Asylum fs constantly
crowded with them. let the institution once he com
pleted, let it stand there no longer a were experiment,
hut a complete suecoss, and the increased number of
pationts it will be able to hold, who will emerge
from the institute cured, will apread its prestige
more and more; then the increased influx of men scok
ing cure, will he proof that romething must be done to caro
for the Asylum. Befora the north wing, however, is com
pleted before Its rooms are furnished aud set apart for
their various uses, it would be wail to decide to fit up two
or three of the rooms in the basement as hot-air (Turkigh)
and hot vapor (Russian) baths, Ask physiciens of
patients themselves what salutary effects such baths
bave upon the duking man, and, after heariug thoir
opiniong, you will be astonished to hear that any estab
jishment for thejcure of mebriates should be without
tho readiost means to force the villainous compounds
they have been drinkimg out of the patient's system and
body. Itisa fact which has repeatedly come under my
personal observation that a man, even if still under the
influence of lquor, is placed in one of these Turkish or
Russian baths, he will in a short time emerge from the
same sober this 8 certainly a proof that the application
of such baths draws the fumes which bemuddle the
brain from the body; and not only are these baths a
blessing for this reason alone, but they are a certaln cure
for cold, neuralagia, sick headaches, and innumerable
other silments that man is heir to. [also entreat the
trustees of the institution most earnestly to provide the
patients with proper bath-rooms. The present closets
which are only by courtesy called bath-rooms— 1m no way
fulfill their object; they are close, dark, and uncomfort
able. The bath-tubs are not over three feat and a half
in length—rather too short for the average size of tho
American inebriate. The water supply Is so limited that
the patients can never enjoy the luxury of a warm bath,
even if they set all other considerations aside and ven
ture into the bath-room. Let the trustees remedy this
evil, and devote large, well-lighted rooms to bathing
purposes let them give us a plenteous aupply of water.
Certainly the expense of introducing water from tho
Susquehanna River, which winds around the base of tho
plateau npon which the institntion ia situated, cannot be
great. In an institution in which the inmates all strive
to imitate the apostles of Father Mathew, an unlimited
quantity of good water, both cold and warm, should
a,ways be at the patients’ disposal.
Another subject which at the present time is attract
ing general attention, 18 the heating apparatus now in
nse in the Asylum. It is totally inadequate in every way
to supply the building with a proper degree of heat. In
a greal measure this 1s undoubtedly due to the fact that
the apparatus is about 200 feet from the building which
it 1s intended to heat. In its transit from the apparatus
to the upper stories of the Asylum, the hot air gets de
cidedly cool. The quantity of coal which the heating ap
paratus now in use consumes 8 €NOrMoOUs, LOM 1,200 or
1,400 tuns per annum, and even with the great expenso
thus incurred for fuel the institution is not properly
heated. If necessary, let a new apparatus be introduced,
which will not only rave fuel, but will also yield a sufli
cient supply of heat, a matter that is of no little im
portance to make the patients comfortable. There is no
doubt that nothing should be left undone to supply the
reasonable wants of the inmates, for they should in
everyjway feel contont.
That gas-fixtures have not yet been provided for tho
handsome chapel connected with the institution is an
other grievous mistake. That the chapel cannot be
heated is equally wrong, The daily prayers, and sorvices
on Sundays, should be held in the chapel, the place de
signed for religious exercises, instead of being held in
the lecture room, with a theatrical stago as a back
ground. I think that there can be no doubt that relig
jous exercises, when held in a chapel or church, are a
great deal more impressive than if held in a hall, where
in the morning we open our hearts to onr God, und in the
evening listen to descriptions of Liberia, including a reci
tation of Jim Bludso,”” or possibly witness a per
formance of Box and Cox, or Toodles. The large window
tn the chapel should also be properly repaired, and the
center one should be adorned with a painting represent.
mz some appropriate scene from the Bible. Assit is, the
chapel is uninviting, barren, and cold.
When some years ago the trustees set two rooms apart
for the use of the Ollapod Club, which organization had
then only just sprung into existence, those two rooms
were nndoubtedly large enough to accommodate the 20 or
30 members of the Club, But now the Ollapod Club bas
some 60 or 70 resident members, and the two rovms which
originally answered their purpose very well, have grown
too small to accommodate the constantly inercasing
pumbers. So let the trustees with their usnal good grace
add the adjoining room (now used as a guest room) to
the two already devoted to the uses of the Club, and
the wembers will feel lighly gratified, One room
could then be used as a reading-room, where the
devotees of literature would not be annoyed by the gen
tlemen who are interested im the mysteries of eribbage,
geven-up, enchre, or Kindred games, which are fre
quently accompanied hy more or less nowy though
friendly discussions and debates regarding rules. By
arranging the rooms in this manuver every ons would be
satisfied.
Another urgent want of the institution i+ a hospital
ward, i. e., a room in which all those who are actnally i'l
and require constant attendance wonld be together. If
the great room opposite to the Superintendent's rooms
could be devoted to this purpose it would prove highly
benetleial to all concerned. The room and {ts inmates
would be constantly almost under the eyes of the resi
dent physician, and would furthermore be close to the
1spensary aud the kitchen it 1s well known how often
Rick persons require hot water, fee, &c., all of which are
within a few steps from (his room. The sick patients iu
this room could always be enabled to make themselves
heard without delay if they wished for assistance of any
kind they would be heard either by the watchman or
the attendants who make the first floor, on which the
proposed hospital ward should be, thelr headquarters,
As it is now an inmate may be ill and confined to his bed
in his room the number of astendants In the institution
s not large enough to permit one of them to constantly
remain within call of the sick patient, and it may be
some time before he is heard when he wants help; this
difficulty would be obviated, as previously explained, by
having all the sick patients in one room, with attendants
constantly within cull. Furthermore, it would be more
[lon sant for the men 80 sick to be in company instead of
ving in their rooms left alone to their not always pleas
ant thoughts and reflections.
The trustees do a good deed in furnishing the inmates
of the asylum with the leading deily and weekly papers,
and with the principal magazines, and in #o vie hs they
show laudable care for the mental diversion of the pa
ienta. Bud they should also provide the patients with u
PRUPICRSEET ZICRSIAARME VW iLTTA PAIeaTil Tiley TIGGTE A ae
As it is now an inmate may be ill and confined to his bed
in his room: the number of astendants In the institution
1s not large enough to permit one of them to constantly
remain within call of the sick patient, and it may be
gome time before he is heard when he wants help; this
difficulty would be obviated, as previously explained, by
having all the sick patients in one room, withattendants
constantly within call. Furthermore, it would be more
Joa sant for the men 80 sick to be in company instead of
ving in their rooms left alone to their not always pleas
ant thoughts and reflections.
The trustees do a good deed in furnishing the inmates
of the asylum with the leading daily and Weekly papers,
and with the principal magazines, and in #o doing they
show a laudable care for the mental diversion of the pe
tients. But they should also provide the patients with a
gymnasinm—a place where they conld exercise them
welves physically. Moat of the inmates of this institution
have been accustomed to lead lives which gave them an
abundance of physical exercise, which they now most
sorely miss, This 1a particularly the case when the
weather in Ny or otherwise unpleasant, and during the
Winter, when they are snow-bound for days, and cannot
even enjoy their customary walka, the ony exercise for
which, under existing circuinstances, they have any op
Fonts, A gymnasium would speedily prove ita popu
arity by its constant use by men who are desirous of 1in
proving their bodily health and strength, and jmproving
that krcat bowst of so many of our countrymen—their
muscle, For the same reason, I would also urge the es
tablishment of a howling-alley, which would receive but
little rest from the patients of the institution.
If the building were surrounded by shrubs and hy
ove of trees it would greatly improve its appearance,
he trestees should order such shrubbery planted with
out Seiay, ad also see that shade-trees are planted in
groves in various portions of the asylumn Slut, in
whieh the future petleuts may ramble on hot Summer
Sue J lave repesiedty hedn Hhiormed that this latter
ot provided hecause the people o
Binghamton ohject to it. And wby do by object to
any tuiug that would beautify the place and add cowfort
for its occupants! They object simply because in future
years, when the embryo shade trees have n up to
gigantio proportions, the institution would ne. show,
1self so readily and grandly to the passing stranger
4s it does now! This Is the reasoning of the good
pone hy ht Droits Silinges Rather Selndh, is it not?
0 tL 0 86
will Arie day: 8 sous Of the trustees
A fence should surround the asylum grounds, so as to
prevent transgressions a strong fence of fren or wood
would add to the general appearance of the place. It is
of perhaps minor importance Ww remark that the carpets
fi the entire inntitution should undergo uw thorongh pro
5457 wh hPRVIpIon, aug 1) gad uly bo boped that ey

Sarpsta will speedily take the place of those at present
n
These are some of the leading items in which the
asylum and ita surroundings could and should be im
proved, and I most sincerely hope that in its appropria
tion for the New-York State Inebriate Asylum the
Legislature will display some magnanimity; for thec
monoy so appropriatcd s for an Institution’ which haa
a high purpose in view, and it nobly fulfllls its promises
by restoring the unfortunate inebriste to his family snd
to socioty in goneral—a man again. A PATIENT.
NEuahamton. Nov. 31. 1871.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
GOV. PALMER AND CHICAGO.
Stet
To the Bditor of The Tribune.
Sir: The people of Chicago are surprised
to tind you defending Gov. Palmer and entirely overlook
ing his vacillating course since Oct. 8. You have
neglected (In your editorial of Nov. 20) to allude to his
tologram thanking Gen. Sheridan for his promp/ness. Tt
was in these words:
ApringrisLp, Oot. 11, 1871,
Lieut.-Gen. P. II. Snrrinay, (‘Mrago, IW,
Please inform me of the number of oops ordered foto Chicago by von
on acconnt of the fire, agd that are now va duty in the city. Thanks for
your prompiness. Joun M. PaLusk.
If, during the past season, Now-York passed through n
critical period, domanding the presence of her Governor,
#0 Chicago passed through a more oritical one, demand
ing tho presence of her Governor; but he came not until
Oct. 13. What would you have said if Gov. Hoffman had
remained at Albany when there was danger in New
York, and contented himself with sending his private
socrotary, as did Gov. Palmeri If Gon. Sheridan,
as Chief of Police, was out of his place when
assigned to that position by the Mayor, where was Gov,
Palmer when he instructed hia Jriorney General and
Prosocuting Alivned to procure the indictment of
Mayor Mason and Phil. 8heridan? If Gen, Bheridan ex
eocded his authority, what did Gov. Palmer do when he
took $7,000 from the Contingent Fund to feed starving
Chicago! If Gen. Bheridan was overzealous for the
right, where was Gov. Palmer when he negloctod to ad
vise the Legislature as to the suffering interests of Chi
eago, and devoted his entire Repo to a defense of
hinselt and ahueg of Chicago officials

would {nat be Just 48 consistent for Ulysses 8. Grant
to devote his entire wessago to a defouse of bis Sauto
Domingo scheme
We loved our Gov. Palmer up to Oct. 9, 1871, and we
loveour N. Y. TRIBUNE so much now, that we don’t
want it to defend one who has so stultified himself.
When you write of Gov. Palmer, remember that on the
11th day of October he thanked (Gen. Sheridan for his
prompiness. Youra, C. AUGUSTUS HAVILAND.
Chicago, Nov. 23, 1371.
(Gov. Palmer and Tue TrinuNe bave both given
to Gen. Sheridan full credit for his prompt and hand
some condnet at Chicago, so long as he acted in sub
ordination to the civil authoritics. The mistake
was in the unreserved surrender of the city into ir
regular and illegal military control. Wo think it is
an uncomfortable suspicion of this which makes our
Chicago friends so sensitive to all discussion of the
matter, and we confidently expect to see them bo
fore long as sturdily resolute as ever in behalf of their
municipal rights, and to hour them admitting the in
gratitude and injustice with which they are now re
warding the exertions of Gov. Palmer in their
behalf Fd.)
To the Editor of The Tribune.
40 YRC LHRAWOry UO) 4n/E 47T 1U0TRNIL.
Sie: While you are endeavoring to arouse
the publie to the neceasity of providing against the inva
sion of the enemy already at our gates, if not in the
midst of us, would it not be well to call particular atten
tion to the condition of our street cars? They are ve
bicles of contagion, and do as much toward transmitting
di1=ease as any other known agent,
On Saturday afternoon I enterod a fear, on a certain
line, not worse than any other, and was immediately
assailed by an offensive odor. The ventilators were
open, the car was empty, as to pasaengers, and I was at
a losa to determine whence came this foul fiend, until I
glanced at the floor. It should have been seen to appre
ciate its pestilential power. It was soaking wet with
the Copia rains of the day previous, and the accumula
tion of flith on the upper surface was merely a sugges
tion of what lay beneath, It 1s but reasonable to expect
that the mattings should be changed at least once a day,
the car thoroughly swept and ventilated, and every pre
caution taken against the spread of disease. Not only
are the passengers exposed to the noxious exhalation
that arise from the carpet under their feet, but the more
delicate, by reason of the dampuess, are in danger of
contracting severe colds that may end in consumption or
pneumonia.
Cannot something be done to improve the condition of
our street cars {Must we be smoked, and packed, and
asphyxiated, without so much as a murmur reaching tho
ears of the offending corporations If cholera, diphtheria,
and pneumonia fail to alarm can we anticipate
any change when small-pox hangs its banner on our
outer walls?! When these packing-boxes on wheels are
regulated by sanitary laws, then, and not till then, can
the timid among us enjoy the advantages they pretend
to offer. As for myself, I invariably feel Mike insisting
that the conductor shall take thrice his fee for the
“spirits twain that have crossed with me. Yours truly,
New-York, Nov, 27, 1871. J. P.
oF.
A MIDDAY RAILROAD BLAUGHTER.
To the Latltor oF IAe Iritoune.
Sik: As yesterday morning’s special tmin,
on its way to this city, left One hundredandfifty
gecond-st, the engineer suddenly blew the whistle, and
when the train had backed up I was horrified by the
sight of the lifeless body of a man terribly mangled,
This appalling accident happened on a clear day, whon
the train wasmoving slowly, the stations being a short
distance apart. I do not know that suy one is to blame
for it, but in this age of contrivances and intelligence,
such a thing appears unaccountable, These ocourreuces
are too common. In fact, the employés of the road dul
not manifest as much regret as most people would over
the killing of a dog. Ou the up-train u passenger asked
an employé if there had been an accident, and received
the reply, “No; only pushed a man,” The unfortunate
man was a deaf ute belonging to an institution near
by. It seems strange that the officers should allow their
scholars to walk on the track, as it was only a short time
ago that a little girl belonging to the Institute was sim
flarly butchered. Can nothing be done to Mop thus horri
ble slaughter 1 It certainly does not seem to the same ex
tent in Europe, and humanity cries for greater care aud
Astor-place, Nov. 217, 1871. VIGILANCE.
BUG (HIlls fldaadUat
THE COMPENSATION OF CARRIERS,
In (Ae LRdilor of 4Ah€ 4dTi0UNE.
Sir: In the discussion in your paper con
cerning paper carriers, I hope notice will be taken of the
fact that a newspaper, if a 4c. one, must bo left at 25¢. on
week If a 2c. one, at 11¢. a week, allowing one cent dis
count, If any one will estimate this compensation, be
will see that the carrier does not make enough to pro
vide himself with decent clothes, Tu sorae cases the car
rier has to come down town to get the papers an opera
tion which costs him 70c. a week for car rides. In other
instances the carrier pays somebody $2 or £3 a weck for
this service. These poor carriers run around in the cold,
and snow, snd rain. As to Aiving the carrier anything
on New Year's Day—it is not the carrier who Prints the
New Year's address it 18 printed at the office of the
paper, and the carrier gets the address to bring to his
customer, whether he gels s preseut or not.
New-York, Nov. 24, 1871. CARRIER.
To the Editor of The Tribune,
Sik: 1 was surprised yesterday to read some
body's childish complaint about carriers’ and newswmen's
“addresses.” In my opinion, letter-carriers are but
moderately well paid for performing an essential service,
When it is taken into consideration that they are ex
pected to travel over 24 miles of pavement per day in
addition to running into offices and up and down stairs,
is $500 a very large salary 1 Besides, when some favored
individual has a number of tickets for a fair, féte, or
featival to dispose of, he goes to ene of the high and
mighty ones in the Post-Oftice and feta thei distributed
awong the carriers, each of whom has the full price of
the tickets charged against him, whether he can sell thom:
agnin or not. Is this fair! Why not let the carriers
make an extra penny if they canl That contemptible
order was issued only to allow a certain firm a better op
Joriauiy to sell the information hitherto furnished gratis
n the postmen’s annual. If any one cannot afford or is too
mean IA kive a little Presey) to the men who serve him
s0 faithfully with letters, I'm sure they don’t want it,
and his mail matter will reach him just as regularly.
New-York, Nov. 24, 1871. BUSINES, MAN.
EE l.
THE FORT GREENE IMPROVEMENTS.
To the Edilor of The Tribune.
To the Edilor of The Irsdune.
Sir: As there is a general anxiety on the
part of the public to be eglightened on the assumed
frauds of the Ring and Water Commission, would it not
be well to take a glance at tho doings of the Park Com
missioners? In coupling the gentlemen compesing the
latter body with the Ring, I disclaim imputing willful
abuse of the powers vested in them. It occurs to mc,
however, that they have not exercised a thorough super
vision over the works completed, or those now in pro
gresa—such a supervision as the tux-paying citizens bave
a right to expect at their hands. One instance out of
mapy will," I tinal, fully exemplify this, I
refer to the wall, buttress, rampart, or whatever
it may be called, that is now buildingaround Fort Gireeae,
Was there ever before seen such a monstrosity! What
in the name of cowmon sense was such an absurdity tol
eratod tor, if 18 was not to put money in the contractor's
Lands! In my judgment, thero was no necessity for such
a thing, and, I must say, it was 8 lucky hit to change the
name Washington-square to that of Fort Greene, becanse
of its striking resemblance to a fort in ite outline, Be
foro this absurdity of Myrtle-ave. and Cumberland-et. is
fuflicted on DeKalb-ave., I would 3 hw the property
owners on that side to inslst on change. Ii may
be said that, after sueh enormous amounts have been
expended, it 1s too 1ate to make any changes, and that to
do no would iptorfore with the genoral plan; but the
alteration which I shall oigkeat s not open to that con.
struction, from the very f (without stating n better
roason, which exists) thas a slinllar arrangoincut oan he
found on one side of the fort, and that thes 1s no valid
funn why what aa Shia fff ai side ghowlyd web by
tria, whose name appears ander the Prague Iyveaty, has
little ifiterest in the matter; but the naval Powers, and
more especially Russias, should not tolernte these north:
ern Dardanelles. Is not Russia's stake fu this aftair
OUR FILTHY STREET CARS.
on two—always provided the areangoment Is anitable,
Lot any yi look ut the sloping hanks us thes now
Appear in Kalb-ave., and iningine how they will look
w halt hidden by such an obstruction as that in (‘um
borland-st. The unobstructed banks look well, because
they can be seen from fhe base, and, where they are high,
the eyo is agreeably oarriod to a good sky-line.
But walk along Camberland-st. 50 yards, and look along
the slope toward DeKalb-ave.,, and how dierent the
fmpression. It is enough to disgust any one having the
slightest conception of landscape beanty. The aspect
would be very different and more agreeable were an
iron ornamental rail, with a granite base about two feet
high, substituted for the uucomely wall. All of the
pianty of the banka could then be seen by those parsing
on either side of the avenues or streets, as well as by
those passing In vehicles, or looking from the windows
of honars facing the Park. Ebwakp MOCABE.
Brooklun. Not. 27, 1871.
et tl
RUSSIA IN THE KUXINE AND THE BALTIC
ep
REMARKABLE PROPOSITION Ol A LEADING
RUSSIAN JOURNAL FOR A RAPPROCHEMENT
BEWEEEN RUSSIA AND ENGLAND NAVAL
oXr ream es EI» AX "Sa
RUSSIAN JOURNAL FOR A RKAVPROCIHLME AN
BEWEEEN RUSSIA AND ENGLAND NAVAL
roLrrics IN THE BALTIC,
Lieriin (Nov. 4) Corrrapunrice of The London. Tines
The interests of Russia and England m the
Mediterranean are made the subject of a remarkabie
leader in the Moscow (lazeile, purporting to he a reply to
The Times:
A few days ago a enrions letter from Athens sas in.
sorted in The Times, Tts author, who seems to he well ny;
in diplomatic affairs, has a good deal to aay nbout the
Suez Canal and the novel position in which England had
been recently placed with regard to the Mediterranean,
The tone of Ma correspondences, it must he admitted,
18 not unfriendly to Russia. He docs not deny tint
Russia has important joterests to proven in the
Fast, and while declaring tha the l.on
don and St. Petersburg Cabinets are alike con
cerned in the preservation of Juss in those distent
parts, at the same time avows that if a danger of a come
motion exists at all, it does not emanate from the North
Eastern neighbors of Turkey. Wo cannot hut direct the
attention of our readers to this deliberate admission,
The world has been so long accustomed to look upon the
interests of Russia and England as diametrically oppo
site in the East that the action of Great Lritain was rip
posed to be constantly aimed at thwariing our own,
And now we are suddenly told that the views of the two
Cabinets are in perfect harmony, ‘i
iv rie LP
“Reasoning on these Premjees the correspondent ar
rives at the conclusion that England, by means of inter
national treaty, should acquire the right of unimpeded
navigation in the Suez Canal, both in peace and war, <0
48 to free Ler important stake in that after from the
control of either Satan or Khedive, To this object all
other considerations should bend. In comparison with
this iudispensable requisite, it would vot, in the writer's
opinion, matter very much if Eudands relations
with Austria wero loosened, fier all, Austria's
existence 18 mow-a-daya based upon the terms of
1866, snd upon free navigation on the Danube, Even
the independence of thé Ottoman Empire, however
momentous for the balance of power, 18, we are
told, a mattor of secondary interest to Bogland, #s long
as she can bo sure of retaining direct communication
with Asia. But who menaces England’s highway 1o
India? If we are to believe the correspondent, the dan
gor comes from the bellicose PoperalLig of the Sultan
and Khedive, who are bad enongh to wish to make pa
cific England the instrument for the gratification of their
wicked desires, Enterprising people at Constantinople
advise the Bultan to occupy Egypt, cover his de
ficlt out of the Khedive's revenue, and Increase
his arm with thousands of the Khedive's re
cruita, Ty way of foiling these evil designs, eer
tain intriguers at Cairo are for making Egypt an inde
pendent State, and insist on spending moves in the pur
chase ot heavy ordnance, to he placed on the banks of
the Suez Canal, All the remonstrances of the Porte are
of no avail, as the Khedive thinks he is strong enough to
realize his scheme, and even dreams of prescribing the
conditions of loan, or several loans, to England, the
moment he i8 absolute master of his precious canal.
von the Porte, in her designs against ig how is raid to
be partly hnflnegeed by the hope that the direct and no
contested possedion of the country will give her fresh
facilities for financial operations. Are we, then, to be
lieve that England has come to regard as her enemies
those whom she has but recently defended agalust gus:
sind L] L Ld
“We are thus enabled to divine the reasons which gov
erned the action of England at the time of the late Black
Nea Conference, If we were then treated to such a tre
wendous hullabaloo, it was ouly because diplomatic eti
quette required it. As to the continued neutralization
of the Black Sen, nobody eared tor it, Even Lord Pal
merston is credibly stated to have regarded at as
only a temporary measure, Eagland, indeed, at
tached gpome importance to it a8 long as
France Wis strong and might have en
tered the Dardanelles with a view to effect a junction
with the Russian forces; but now that France 1s inid low,
the strength of Russia 1s a matter of comparative iudi
ference to Great Britain, Russa is at a safe distance
from Egypt and Enghmd’a road to India. The corre
spondent of The Times himself cannot help confessing
that the Emperor Nicholas iu elaiming coutrol over Tar
key and conceding the same privilege to England with
regard to Egypt, though he may not have well
selectod his tie for the execution of &uch
a plan, yet recognized a great political
truth. The Emperor Nicholas, the correspondent hints,
wus right enough in his theory, though not very Judi
clons in the weans he adopted for carrying it out. of
course, Englishmen are more practical people than any
others. England in those days, had she listened to the
Russian propositions, would have encountered the ro
sistance of a strong France; to-day she has no rival in
the Moditerranean, and on the Continent relies upon a
Power which has since assumed colossal proportions,
and which has already announced an intention
to mount gnard on t Danube no less than on
tho Rhine, Should Lord Granville take the correapond
ent's advice and strive to obtain the neutralization
of the Buez Canal from Turkey, Egypt, and Russia, our
Oriental politics would require to be directed with at
least the same circumspection which warked them in the
period Precoding the Crimean War. It is not a little
amusing to he told that a treaty which locks us up fn the
Euxine is a boon couferred ou us, aud that, were it only
to render England a counter-service, we shonld endeavor
to make the Sultan renounce his territorial rights over
the Suez (anal. As we wish to be practical this tine, we
shall have to consider very carefully whether it is con
sistent with our interests and the future independence
of our policy to necept the protectorate over Turkey and
1p return give o guastuutee for English conquests iu the
last.”

1 couple the above with a Coparivagen letter in the
gatne paper, relative to naval politics in the Baltic
People at Colennagen wre curious to know how Rus
sin looks upon the gradual development of German as
cendency in the Baltic, A moment's consideration will
cutee to show that in the last eight years we Lave lost
more in those waters than we have gamed there since
tho days of Peter the Great. To enter the Ger
man Ocean frem the Baltie the road lies throngh
the Sound, or through either the Great or Little
Belt, The Sound being too shallow for large menof
war, these go through the Great Belt, generally stopping
at Nyberg to take in conls. Up to 1561 the whole line of
const us far south ag Mecklenburg was subject to Den
mark, n weak state, desirous to be at peace with every
body, and bound to Russia by the most intimate ties,
Prussia in those days had but a few jusigmtl
cant men-of-war, and no harbor to speak of. Russia
accordingly was the ruling Power in the Baltic,
But in 1864 Denmark, in consequence of a war than
which none has ever been more unjust, was robbed of a
portion of her territory. Russia thereby not ouly lost
the hereditary claim she had to Kiel, but had also to put
up with the conversion of that harbor, so long the resort
of merchant ships, into a first-rate military port. Kiel
it ought not to be forgotten, is only some 70 miles from the
Great Belt, a distance which a modern man-of-war per
forms in a few hours; and as Alsen has been likewise
fortitied by the Germans, and in fact rendered impreena
ble, they have two establislonents, the latter vvel ‘more
dangerous than the former, tanking our passage into the
ocean. Ato the Little Belt, hkewise wig enough for
the largest shipping, I need not say that it Is cutirely
closed by the works of Alson-Duppel. The same post
will admirably serve to shelter a squadron destined to
bar egress from the Great Belt into Cattegus,
4“ Jerlaalyo position in the Baltic, then, Dems both
frontal and lateral, 18 more advantageous than that of
England in the Channel or of France in the Mediter
ranean. Just fancy what will happen in case of war, In
the greater part of the Baltic, Russian ships will not
venture to show themselves, As to getting into the
Cutlegnt, i} is not to be thought of. Even if the German
fleet should not in a few years surpass Russia's Baltie
squadron, it §3 sure to be strong e¢uough to furce our
ships to keep together and operate in a body,
But i to get coal for such a number of
ships! ie distance from the Finnish shoves to
the westefn const of the Baltic is considerable and
vessels sept out with fuel and provisions would be sure
to be eaptiired cruisers. This being ro, could a Rus
slan fleet undertake to blockade Kiel or to pass the Belt,
leaving behind it a strong hostile squadron, relying upon
the Riutection of two fortresses! No military map
would advise such a step. It would he to enable
the enemy td cur off our retreat, giving him at the
sane time he power to sweep the whole Baltle,
aud attack oul own shores. As to blockading Kiel,
13 JUBHL to be, moreover, observed that a fleet cu
fas in this task would have to defend itself from
nk attacks from Alsen, Alsen itself cannot be blocka
ded, having too many outlets in every direction. A
fleet stationed at Kiel and Alsen can, therefore, attord to
walt for the right moment to inflict a decisive blow upon
the enemy. The juference to be drawn from all thin in
that leronuy even now virtually sways the Baltic, A
few years hence the policy inaugurated bY Peter
the Great, when occupying the shores of the Gulf
of Finland, aud ever since pursued at such an enormous
sacrifice, will have been entirely defeated by our neigh
bors. In 1864, ROSH Beate negotiations being opened be
tween Denmark and Germany, Russian diplowacy iun
sisted that Bchleswig shotld be divided between the two
belligerents in a way consistent with her own interests
and also Denmark’s, Being, however, but feebly bucked
by England and France, Russia effected nothing, and
the keys of the Baltic Joused into the hands of Prussia,
England at that time did not probably foresee that the
day wonld come when Prussia’s permission would be
required for nn single ship laden wish cornu, hemp,
or llusced, to. [4] out of the Baltle into the
North Sea. A little later, upon Prussia's settling
with Austrin at Prague, France attempted to obtain
better terme for the Danes; but the determination of a
ore Justitiuble frontier being made dependent Ahoy the
popular vote, sure to result in Alsen changing hands, it is
not likely that this particular paragraph of the ‘I'reaty
better known in Moscow than in North Schleswig. Aus
DUNKIRK, WARREN AND PITTSBURGH RATLROAD.
The rabid increase in the freight business of
equal to England's in the independence of Belgium i”
this road bas warrauted the managers in oatablishing un
independent freight train, whieh has carried as Ligh we
28 londed cars. This cuablos the pussengor-cars to Fin at
greater speed, and greatly facilitates passeuger trafic.
The Western Union Telegraph Company will soon #etab
lish a line over the 10a. The new tune-tablo provides
for straight connections with Pittaburgh, which must
largely werease the recolpts from Passongors, The up
Frage trom Warren to the Summit, ut Oassudagn, whero
he down grado commences, being very sight, this road
must always Cathe large Cnn tho gyal Luslnegy
Yearita onl ‘iti Pe iin Iv aid t To Lisa 2a ad,

2B
JUDGE BEDFORD DENIES THE MOTION T
Pile N TO Qian
THE INDICTMENTS—HE REFUSES 10) ADMIT
THE ACCVSED TO BAIL.
Judge Bedford delivered the followin ives
portant decisivu in the Court of General 36341008 yr atey
day, mi the case of the alleged voucher tile vos:
The Grand Jury have found twe vowri
Hagwerty and Baulch, one for an Oiuictments 7 Suiwit
the other for an alleged latecny. The prisoners A ahd
their counsel, now ask this Cont, Best, to qua, the
dictments, and, failing m this motion, then eng ath
they bo balled. Tw mstion 10 quash ia based mag
upon the ground that there wis not stiffleient Apasuly
before the Graml JUPY 10 Warrant their finding un pa
Bilt. It 1x well settled that Grand Jury wie only
hear evidence on behalf of the prosecution, and thar’ ts 2)
finding of an indictment is al inthe untnra of ay 4
ry or necnsation which is afterward to he try da Ww
determined by 8 petit ques; aud the Grand Jury "th
only touquige upon thelr oaths whether there he anh.
cient eanse to call npon the party to awswer it, It jx gj
121d down by high authobity “thats Grand Jury ou #4
to be thoroughly persuaded of the trath or ay mat
ment, so far as their evidenee goes, and not reat athsfind
with remote probabilities—a doctrine that might be a
pled to very oppressive Runge Asin, it ae Ao
setthed that, unless a Grand Jury ave as well satisfied of
tive galt of the accused, against whom they are to preter
an indictment, as they wonld desire to be wepe they to
he called upon afterward as petit Jurors upon the sam
evidence to convict, they onght to dismiss the byl),

For the purpose of this motion hold that the ecredy.
bility of witnesses, the suilictency and insufficiency of
thelr testimony, sre questions peculiarly wil hw
within the proviuece of a Grand Jury, And T hold that if
a Grand Jory, after geeing the witnesses and Nearip
their testimony, teel thoroughly persuaded of the ang
of the charge so tar as their testimony goes, and that
their convictions are not based upon remote probab:.
tien, they are bound under their oaths to indict, Afar
indictment found, it becomes the duty of the District
CAttoruey to try the prisoners before a petit jury, where
for the first the au the legal proceeds «ag nat then,
hd great question of git or IuoceLce 1s to ba inquired
nto,
In the present ease, unquestionably, testimo
presented to the Goand Jury, and snd that or Bid
they saw fit to ad a true bull, thus asserting, as it were
us Grand SURGES 1 this SoBMLLS, that the testimony
offered thoroighly persiaded them of the trath of the
charge, This the Grand Jury had a I rie t right to a
and having done so, the Court should not mtertere with
their action. The other grounds upon wiaich connsel
bases his motion Ido not think ave well taken, and, tuere.
tore, the iiotivn to guish is deed,
1
TUL MOTION TO BALL,
The prisoners on being arrested av led themssives o
their statutory privilece—a preliminary examination
The investigation wis wost thorough-—the prisener
were indeed ably defended, und the people were repre
sented by the Distriet-Attoruey in person. Judge Dow.
ling, the magistrate before whom the investigation was
had, after listening to all the testimony and Laviug the
opportunity of seeing 68 well ns hearing the witnesses,
saw fit to commit the prisoners without bal, thereby
asserting to this commnaity that be, vader Bis offefal
oath, found from the testimony before him, first, that 3
crime had been committed, and, secondly, thal there was
probable cause to hold the pilsoners. Following the
action of the magistrate, the Grand Jury have found an
indictment, and the prisoners, through their counsel,
now ark this Court to hail them. I Lstened with deep
attention to the argument of counsel, aud must say that
while I concede his effort in behalf of lus chenta to be
truly great, yet I do net tind any reason why Isbould
differ from the magistrate who, after a prelianinary ex
awination, committed the prisoners without bail,
It is true that the Jaca of hat) rests entirely in the
sound and honest discretion of the Court, And, in my
opinion, Svery judge vested with this power should
wield it fear esis and honorably, Laving in view tho
«ple ohlort of doing right—ever bearing in mind that
while justice is done the State, no injustice should bo
done the aceusod. A wost villainous crime -sutpendons
and gigantic iu its bearings—one whicli in its character
has sullied the fair fame of this great city, outraging
soclety, and making, as it were, every citizen stand aghast
with astonishment is alleged to have been perpetrated
The prisoners were arrested and vow stand dicted for
that crime.
It seems to me, considering all the circumstances and
surroundings of this case, were I to bail the prisoners
and thus loosen, in the slightest manner, the iron grasp
of the law, I would not only prove recreant to my official
oath, but would indeed be trifling with the sacred rights
of society snd the stern demands of justice, The wotion
is therefore denied. And yet, while I have denied the
motion to admit to bail for the reasons stated, I am free
to say that these prisoners have constitational right to
a spesdy trial, and should therefore unquestionably be
tried at the earliest possible day; for, in my oniuion, a
longer delay in this case will not only work a severe
hardship to the prisoners, but can in bo way, as far as
cal conceive, further the ends of justi oe.
At the Tombs Police Court, Alderman Comard
committed Henry Johuson yesterday, for having, with
three other men, attacked Jobn Prentice of No, 156 Hew
ter-st., in the Bowery ou Monday night, knocked him
down, and robbed him of a silver watch and a breast-pio.
Johnson's confederates eacaped.
John McPaul and three confederates attacked John
McCauley of Pier No. 45, N. R,, erly yesterday, 84 hog
was passing along Capal-st., knocked him down, and
robbed him of a watch worth &3. The confederaies es:
capod, but Me Paul was committed,
enry Marthaler was met by John Kenarvan and Pag.
rick McCarthy in Rector-st. on Monday night, decoyed
into a side street under pretense of witnessing a fut,
aud robbed of $27. The thieves were cominitted
In the civil suit brought in the Supt me
Court by Helen Josephine Manstield agaiust Janes Fisk,
jr., for the conversion of certain private property belong:
ing to Ler, Fisk was arrested and held to bail in $35,000,
his bondsmen being Benjamin W. Blanchard and Charles
Robinson. Mr. Blanchard was examined yesterday by
Samuel Gi, Courtney, and stated that he was worth $70,000
over and above his debts and habilities. A portion of
his Property consisted of a stable and lot in Fortyninth
st., between Sixth and Seventh-uves, and a large amount
was in Suspension Bridge stock. Tue examination will
be continued to-day.
The petition of William Hoit to have the
assessment for the repaving of Atlantic-ave., Brooklyn,
vacated on tho ground of wregulanity, which was to
have been argned yesterday before Judge Gilbert, was
postponed until Dee, 8, at the request of Corporation
Counsel De Witt.
The suit brought by N. Ilill Fowler, former
ly Corporation Attorney, against Fernando Wood, to re
cover an alleged loan of $1,000, which the latter claige
Mr. Fowler gave to him as payment of a political assess
went, was eoncluded yesterday, the jury rindiog for the
defendant with au allowance of two per cent upon the
amount claimed.
The examination of witnesses in the Samuel
A. Belden will case was resumed in the Surrogates
Court, yesterday. Heury Belden of Reading, Peon,
brother of the deceased and father of Mrs. Leichardt, the
jropunent of the will, testified that his relations with his
yrother Bamuel were friendly, and that he received let
ters from bim frequently up to within a year of his
death. Inoue letter his brother offered to assist him pe
canianly if he required it, and in another sid he would
visit him when be came North, Adjourned to Dee. 1
tll
At the Fssex Market Police Conrt, Jnlins Sefiers
was committed, yesterday, tor stealing clothing, worth $lbd. trom Ber:
tha Junter,

At the Jefferson Market Police Court, yesterday,
Peter Yoroutoff, au officer of the Russian oavy, wis ror manled 157
drunkenness... .Willam Devlin of No. 455 West Eighteeuth-st, was
committed for assaulting and iobbiug Patrick Kiue of No. 115 Wes
Fifteenth st,
In the Court of General Sessions, before Judge
Bedford, vesterda, Thomas 8. Shea, for steal ng $750 worth of gools
from the Gilsey House. was sent to the State Prison for five years
William C. Curley, attempt at grand larceny. 2g years... The tal of
Abraham Qreenthal, charged with stealing 2% from Arthur C. Taylor,
was begun.
In the Court of Special Sessions, before Judge
Rbandley, vestendar, Benedict Webber, for off-ring for sale the howe
markets glapdered horse, was sevt to the Penitentiary for three wou'bs
Harry Harrison, stealing $2 from No. 4 Nassau st., two monibs
Thomas Walsh and Catbianae Ke ily, for stealing two pairs of sors from
No. 68 Avery I), were sent to the Leri‘entiary. the former for the
wobths and the latter for two... John Jokuson, steaiog 4 pals of shoes
froiu No. 11 Reoseve!t-st., six months.
Syd
Supreme Court—Chambers—By Judge Brady.— Beam
et u). agt Clark. —Order granted. In the matter of the application of
Victoria Thowpson for leave to sell. —Onler granted. Wiison agt. Amer”
fesn Toptine Lafa and Saviogs Insuranee Company —Under grasied
Pfluger agt. Ptluger.~Report of referee conrmed.
Superior Court—Special Term—By Judge Spencer.
Townshend agt. Randolph, —Judement for platotif with costa Brows
act. St Nicholas lusarsnes Company. oe setthed and ondersd to be
gled. Fond agt. Belmont, —Judguwent for defendant with costs Chris
topher agt. McCabill =Jadgment for Piva with costa Meeks sgt
Krebler. =Judmuent for defendant without costs. Bari sgt, Gregory.
Judgment for plaintud with costs. Stubben sgt. Boos. —(ase seflicd i:
or.iered to be diva.
Common DPleas—Special Term By Judie Loew.—
Bey agt. Stuyvessut Bank. —Motion to «pea detaalt sud serve TY
ranted on pagymens of $10 costs. Bantella st. Central Railroad of New
ork. —Motion denied with costs, with leave to renew. Gstechell set
Boyd.—Motion to dismiss cowplaint for want ol prosecution degied wi B
ont costs, with leave to renew. Witterwell agt. Witterwell, —Jedgment
of separation from bed and board granted. Fergason yl. Steiames
Shents bill taxed.
ALBANY, Nov. 23.—The following decisions were
rendered in the Court of Appeals today:
Judgments afr med with coste—Sherman sagt. The Niagars Tire In
surance Company, King ast. Brock. Lirock_axh Pierson; Susnse) ML
Deforest; The Buffabo ity Cewetery agr. Tie (ity of Bufslo,
Kame agt. The Bole at Cook. Hadley aki. Aves Balch sgt
The New-York and Oswego Midland Railroad Company: bmeiwd “wt
Parsons; Titus agt. Brisbane.
Judgments reversed ond new trials granted, ~osts to abide even—
Bande agt. Lilienthal; Clinton sgt Myers.
Judgment modified and motion grantad as to the proceeds of tbe 8
of all the real estate except the bowessead; and deaicd oto She BO
coeds of that sale without costs to either perl onier sid Jelpaes
be settled by the Chief Justice, Milton et al,” Execptom, ke, Nt
Coy and others. a
Order granting new trial afirmed and Judgurss adwleis Jor
Senglants—Cobb agt. Fenton sud suother, irosd
“Brder afirowed ith stain re the New-York and Haslem Raiser
Lommany ®e Kipp eb sl. Appeals Jissuissed with custe—dlebl 8gi
derwilbfe, Murphy Spaulding; Sands agt. Crooke
Motive denied with 10 evste— Childs agh Smith.
a
COURT CALBNDAUS Tm Day. 3
SUPREME COUT HAMBERA —~HRADY, J. —4)ped oi IV 6. Yd
caliva at 12 w,
€7. Ocean National Bank ag 120. Gallinger set. Callinger Rail
Cadle, 140. Thompson agt The Bo
71. Arkeuburgh set. Boye es ul way Lo row le?
6 Rater gts Keox, Fi, Wilaeidig sh Fou
Ww. MW glows Ros al sgt lu kan Te i; wh Avil vn
Ld
THE COURTS.
THE VOUCHER ROBBERY
HIGHWAY ROBBELS AT WORK.
FISK'S SURETIIS
CIVIL NOTES
CRIMINAL COURTS
DYCISIONS--NOv. 28.
COURT CALKNDAUS Tus Dav.