UNO AMADETIS' JCORNEY.
Tkird Letter from tiie Tlrrahl r-orrfMpoodent
Travelling with tbr hiu? of Spain.
CtartiDViftd Welcoming* -The Montpensiar and
Carlut Parties Killed? Magnanimous Course
?rf the Republican Party- Growing in
Strength? Triumphal Reception of the
Siug Rt Bare-lona-An Accident
During Ibo Dcmcna'.ratics.
HAncKlONA Kept. 18, 18H.
The Journey Kiug Amadcns continues under tho
dunic favorable auspices an have distinguished It
wver since we left MndeM. Wherever he goes* and
whenever he appears in public there is the same ex
l?res?iou of popular satlsactlon. "Viva el
re?ound9 on every side; In tact, our whole lourney
In on the pari or Ute people, a oontinued repetition
of that cry, as it is on ;he part or the King h repeti
tion ol action* calculated to attract the popular
*ympatbies ami to win over oven his '.'ltterest eric
JKlCH.
or these facts I have seen abundant proofs. Am
the correspondent o? the Herald I nave necn
particular to observe closely t tic maniie-ia
Ucns ol the people lu the districts througn
%hiCU we passed. 'I lie Invitation to vour
correspondent to accompany the rojal party,
rowing iroin the youag King himself an
cvideuccoi bow the New Yuhk IIbhalp is regarded
at the four' ol Aina lens? afforded tne an excellent
opportunity of judging of the merits, popular recep
tions, demonstrations, greetings, Ac., to which ills
Majesty was subjected at close quarters. There H a
genuine ruig about tliem, yet the opposition press is
fining its utmost to depieciate the meaning aud ex
tern of these popular demonstrations, descending
even to falsehood and libel. This alone Is, Indirectly,
faceting good; for so lrnny countless thousauds arc
witnesses of what takes place dally that It is im
possible to make mis takes as to His Majesty's recep
tion, except wtirully, and 110 cause was ever yet
served by lying. Ho lar ns
nth uoNrrKNMBi: ami carurt paiitiks
?re concerned 1 look npon them as completely killed
by this journey of the King. sufficient bus it been
Itr the people to see and to know their present
fuler to dispel ir>.m tnelr minds all deMie to change
bini for the Orleans or the Honrbon. 1 am not pre*
pared io say the -a tne of
THE flBPTDLlCANS.
My views as to the chance* of their success in Spain,
being at any rate a very remote coutl agency, you
Already have. Political circumstances maj arise to
bring them to the front; hut, except by a casualty
like th.it, spam is not yet ripe lor a republic. The
ue.\t elections will tell how far the King nas won
over to the monarchy the votes of those who
hitherto have opposed It, and until then it is
premature to make any conjectures on the
subject, except the general one that the monarchy
has pained by this royal Journey. Great praise
must be given to the leaders of the republican
c*u?e at Valencia, Tarragona and Parcclona. Many
of tbciu occupy posts as alcaldes, deputies, Ac.; but
notwithstanding this ilicy have, with only here and
there an exception, received the King right loyally,
flocking to the railway depot* to we. come him aud
joining lu the vivas in ins honor. The only place
where the cor|H?atlou as a body refused to meet the
JLlug was at
MARTORKL,
on the w?y to Barcelona. Its Aynninuiiento is
completely republican, an I passed a resolution not
logo lo the station to felicitate lit* Maiesty. hettwe
reached the place a long line of people extended
far down the railroad, who began to cheer the mo
ment our train came In eight. As it drew up at the
station there was not a soul of the Ayuntamlcuto or
any of the local authorities preheat. Five or six clvl'
iruards and a few troops were drawn up on the plat
form, but as to civilians, not one? in striking contrast
to every otner reception siucewe left Madrid; for
?vervwnere Uie Alcalde and Corporation (tailed in
Spanish Ay an tamien to) were in waiting to be pre
sented to hue Majesty. Many of these were simple
peasants, dressed in their native and curious cos
tume. Bur, as 1 have said, Martorel sent no one to
represent it. "Where Is the Alcaide and Hie Ayun
tainientov" was the question asked of the station
master. "All absent by agreement replied the
white gloved otllcial. "lUen
I.KT I!? THE I'KOfLK 1"
mid the King, and instantly there was n rush, and
Homo three thousand ??people" surrounded our
train. w uen they caught sight of the Kinn, and
especially when he grasped the bands extended to- J
wards linn by the do/.en, their enthusiasm knew no
bounds "Fini H was repeated again and
again, and continued to be repeated till we moved
ofl. Tills piece of pretended consistency, but, lu
reautv. ol incalculable stupidity, on the part or the
local authorities of Martorel, Is calculated to lose
tliem many vot?s at the next elections. As a con
trast to u let me tell you of the conduct or the cor
potation of Barcelona. They arc, in their ma
jority, republican. Their Aira Uo, or Mayor, is
ol that party. Vet, to receive the King, they
?reeled a pavilion ju?t outside the rail
way station here at a cost of >7,000.
merely to receive Mm and present him with an ad
dress. Their Alcalde has never left his sine since
we have oeen in Barcelona, aceo'iiiuuviiist him to
every place he has visited, and. seated in the royal
carriage, has conducted lits Majesty to alt points of
Interest since we arrived here.
1 have already written you a very full sketch
of Tarragona and ol His Majesty's doings in that
celebrated old city, Ins visit to its Arcmeolozical
Museum? who.c antimonies found In the place Itself
throw iight on its Vcmiian origin and (Ireek and
Homan occupation? of his daily pursuits wnile
there, his visits to its a^yiuuis, schools prisons,
barrack.-*, Ac.; his munificent donations to iu* chari
ties, his presence at its working men's theatres and
Its artisans' hall and also or his excursion from
there to Reu-, the birthplace of the lamented Prim,
witn his eutliusiasiic reception repeated at every
point.
(it'll .fOt HVBV TO BARCELONA
sii? a duplicate of ad the others. All along the
lute, it mat be said, the people turned out<-/< manse
to do mm honor. The beauty ol the scenery, with
ilie Mediterranean Sea ai.d us blue waters on tlu
one haud and the vine-clad fields and hills on the
oiliet uniiot i>e conceived. The appropriate deco
ration" <>r the railroad stations and the olva.- ol the
multitude at every stopping place wore proofs, as
fat as tney could be gtveu, of tlie satisfaction with
which the people vk we l the arrival of their King.
Put wun wc reached Barcelona he had a reception
woru.y of tiiat great Industrial city. The music of
n 0o*?:i) military nan Is, thecuecrs of loo, oo people,
ilie triuuipnai arches and gayly dressed batcoutes,
tlie loy.it inscriptions and words ol welcome on
??very hand and tne Bring of canuon iu evciy direc
tion weic the mode.-- in which the
BaHCKLONESK
receive) ihe wu ot \ieu,r Emmanuel .11 tlieir
inid-t. J have a. ready s)okeu ol the magnificent
teiii under which the corporation presented their
address to hnn. W hen that lormality was over and
l* had moved out 0 1 it, part or Its flooring fell
through the wii^lit of tlie imnieuse multitude
gutlared uudtr it, aud, I must say, through tut
lauity construction. Us rich carpet, loriunateiv,
held together, and thus, though /01 some ten min
41 it- then w. s a trlghtiul scene alurm and con*
fusion, aud a regular pell-mell of citizens in their
dies* attire and ladies in fpetr gorgeous array
thrown together In one commo.i lie?p and strug
gling iu ttie gap. nobody was scrlviisj' iturt. One or
two rer-eltcu contusions, but. witut'lfl' exception <>r
the JrigUt, that was the t-k'.eutol tlr-. mis Itief.
MIXI.Mi WITH rilK CliOWJ*.
When the accident occurred 1 was just on the
#dge of the gap, and a- I joined -ti c f. irty of de
liverance," who asMsted the fal:eu 1 \va*,detajite<j
some t< n ?>r hfteeu minutes, and wa- completely
a< yor. led Jrom thi royai cortege. 1 iheu trje.i lo
overtake 1?, but so great were the crowds in the
jt reels that I could not do so. I dodge 1 up add
1 b wn b.iCk stre> :h t')ge; to the cathedral, but I! wa/
everywhere the sauie. Jn despair I went to my
liotel, in the Ha in Me, and shortly afterwnrds Ids
Maievty parsed under the windows, on a magniti
ceril b.ack horse, With sad die doth of soid, followed
a brilliant tun. iho cheering was tt'ineu- 1
He went to tl?e captain General'* palace, j
w mch is huncaiitenre during his sto?y h?TP. Theinxt
day was prtuct o:Uty devoted to receiving the official
world, Sa.ee then ever? day he has passed rrom
tivc and six iu the morning till alter midnight iu
vt^itM w lactones, anyiums, Ac. Itarceloua being ?o
ini(MMtaat a place these visits are worthy of more
detail than tingle made in other parts, and they
?^ail therefore lorrn the topic of my next letter.
A ?.LOOflV VIEW OF THE SPANISH 8ITII
We find 'he following in? Tthix) of Madrid:?
"We have received an interesting letter from Lis
bon, the tex? o.' which we abstain from publishing
on account of the gravity of iu contenU and re ve
la) ion*. it nays that Prince Humbert's mission to
Portugal has met mth no better success than
in Spain, although there as well an here it was pro
poned to work upon the family bonds which unite
both nations. In the same letter mention Is made
of the paiuiul Impression made upon the mind of
the l'rlnce by the vast complications which threaten
Spain, the ramifications of which extend into Por
tugal, producing at the same time a conviction ttut
at a period not very distant the situation will be so
much aitgravuted that a grave catastrophe will be
almost inevitable. We are undoubtedly debt. nod to
witness, iiefore long, extremely grave and important
events? events sucli as leave a Ucep impression upon
society."
RUSSIA.
liihhlitu Wewa ol ihc UantHii l'?n>i'?ncit?
"Jlii" (ItiailuM iirtweta <*erinuny mid Rn-'?
?in? AleauitiK ol Ibe AuMrii-liurniiiii Crirmi
?kiit? The f'znr Preparing for War? Movr
meiiiH at ihc Military IliroiiKbuut the lim>
plrc? Pruipt via.
ST. PETETHIiUKO, Sept. 0, 1871.
The variety of opinions with r elerenoe to the re
cent Gastein and Salzburg conferences, though tar
irom being so great as in Western capitals, is still
considerable here. Mot to speak of the German
party, wulch tries to make everything appear in the
brightest colors, at least two or three sets ol distinct
interpretations are prevalent both in tne press and
and in those circles which must be considered a?
having great influence upon the government. All
these interpretations have one thing In common,
that Is distrust ana dislike to the German Chancellor
as well as to everything German, but differ consider
ably In details. 1 give you some of these opinions,
exposed almost in the same style as they are to be
heard here.
KKLATIONS BETWEEN RUSSIA AND OERMANV.
The issue of tho Franco- Russian war has com
pletely reversed the former relations between Rus
i sia and Germany. Formerly 70,000,000 Russians
stood v<n-U-vis to 40,000,000 of Germans. Now
70, ooo, ooo ol Germans stand via-a-vti to 40,000,000 of
Russians. l: may seem a paradox, yet it is so, for
87,000,000 of Prussians and 33, ooo, ooo of Austrians
make, altogether, 70,uo>,00); while according to a
pampnlet recently published at firesiau (of
course on the suggestion of Russian author
ities) under the title of "Die Zukunft J'o
lens," there never has existed more than
40,000,000 of Russians, the remaining 80,000,000
or subjects of Emperor Alexander being Germans
Poles and other alien nationalities, whicn ought to
lie taken away from under his rule. As to the means
for taking them away, they are very simple in
tiigues everywhere, fomentation or revolutionary
elements in Poland, and, if need be, war; an alliance
with Austria being secured belorehand. Next year,
that is in 1H72, will be the ceuteuary of the lirst
1 division Of I
OLD POLAND. 1
A new Polish movement is sure to take placc on
that occasion, aud, therefore. all aorta of conces
sion.* should be made before that time to the Poles
i of Austria, so a to provoke U12 envy of t!ie Russian
I Polos and a consequent rising on their part. In
former times every concession to the Slavonians
or CiMOto or Poles, to tne detriment of the auto
nomy 01 the Germans in Austria, would nave been
locked at in the worst imaginable light at Berlin.
While now, just at the moment the Austrian Em
peror is granting all sorts of privileges to those
nationalities, quite disregarding the vested political
interests ol his German subjects, the Emperor Wil
lielni and Ins almighty Chancellor traternUe with
Francis Joseph at Gasielu and Salzourg, and de
clare to tne world that there is not a single question
iii>on which tne politics ol the two empires
dinered, Wnai is the explanation >>tsuch a strange
fact/ Clearly tins. Th-' Germans of Austria must
soou part from under ihe Hupsburg rule, and there
is no need of further tuning care to saiiaiy them.
While the slaves, the Poles, the Czechs, Ac., are to
form the bulK ol
TIIK NEW DANCBIAN EMPIKB,
and must, there lore, not ouly be perlcctly contented, j
but put lino t lie cnjoymeui of such privileges as
would cause aii their kinsmeu under Russian ruie
I to become euvlou*. With the support of Prussia se
cured, there is not the slightest danger for Austria
I iu uiving a utile wind to the federative principle.
Should u prove too uauyrcrous for the saicty of the
ajrnanty, the Prussian army will be always at hand;
whlie tor the Russian empire, the verj spread of an
idea like that of tederallsni is a certain death, since
from i lie Poles and the Baltic Germans down to tne
Kalinuks and Tartars of Asia every one
of the endless number of tribes will ask
j to be master oi its own destiny. Tne
Bcrliu policy is therefore, quite clear; bring
i nrst oi aii, disorder into Russia. aiready comainuig
I many revolutionary eicmeuts, and then, i f necessary,
j launch half a million Prussian soldiers to the shores
oi ine Baltic and about half that number of A us
i trian soldiers to the shores ol the Black sea. Tliat is
OSK I NTJS it I'KBT ATION OF THE MKANINO OP TUE
OONPKBINCBB,
a rather complicated one to the minds of people
who are dwelling lar away from the Neva, the
Spree and the Damn*), but nevertheless a plausible
lutcrp. elation, and one mat iiuds a deal ol credit in
Russia. and especially in Moscow, to which city
even the very oiigin ol this interpretation Is easily
to be traced.
ANOTHER TIEW.
Another manner of viewing the conference Is of a
more generally European character and is peculiar
to St. Petersburg. According to these views the
conference was an immediate consequence of tne
great mistake which Bismarck has made in giving
Frauce three years time lor the payment
oi the three milliards of indemnity. The
mistake is acknowledged In ail diplomatic circles
us the hot Bismarck ever made, and the greatest
lie could make. Tue last part of this verdict he
seems to euuorse even himself, for after three years
have elapse. i and the day of the payment arrives,
It will lie quite natural on the pari of tne French, if
they have properly restored themaeives, to try
whether they cannot better invest tlie three
milliards in a new war for the conquering back of
Aisace and Lorraine. The cnances of success for
the French will scarcely be better then than they
were last year. Mill, tlicy may be better, and as nei
ther Austria nor Russia have auy interest In a final
extermination of the French nation, either of them
or both might Like the side ol i lie J'rcuch should a
second war arise. Consequent on these cousidera
1 Hons it is said Bismarck set at once to work for an
Austrian alliance, to which he even gave privately
fie name oi a league of peace in that sense that it is
to prevent an attempt to make *ur on the part of
Prance. That the Roumanian railways, the Eastern
question and the International have" been brought
forward as chief topics oi ttio discussion is quite
natural, in the Qrst place these questions were
discussed among other Unties, and In the second
tbe> were, by their very nature, toe first to i>e talked
annul ny the Enropcau press, unaware of the real
si ate ol the case.
TIIK H01MASIAN Qt'ESTtOV,
T>owever, is uj topic for a conierence of ttua kind,
because it is all luieraal aifair of Hie Principalities
into which sort ol ailairs, according to the Pans
treaty, even ilio Sultan? thai is to say. Ihe Suzer
ain cannot interfere. Besides, this ihhiucss must
tie a rather questionable one, since the chief duec
lors of those railways? botn ot them Prussians
are about to be brougut belore a jury for fraud.
Tne Roumanians thus turn out only to relume to pay
what the Prussian directors nave stolen, if
TliE EASTEllN Ql'KSTION
has been discussed, it could oe so only as a threat
1 1 Russia or a prospect of compeiisati hi to Austria,
tmt n ol which alternatives imply no sort of peaceful
luteuuous. As 10
TIIE 1NTKKN ^TIONAI,.
Bl?marck was too niucn involved in past socialistic
movements of ucrmany not to know then real value
I in that country. Tne iiiiernalion.il can be danger
i ous everywhere but in tne Patnerland ol chea,! work
and living upon nothing, one reg.i.ieut would
tiring all the nggrega;e socialists ol Germany to
1 or ier. and Bismarck, kn iwmg that, will never
trouble himself with talking serionily over such a
tojiic. He will, on the contrary, use the Interna
tional as a means tor fmueD'Ing social disturoances
Ui countries wntch it is his interest to keep in a dts
1 oracri| siaie, n*e 1 ranee, England or Russia.
Hi'MMiM, rr.
Such am at least, the two most important views
tnkeji upon 'tie conference of the Kinpeiora views
he l no. ii> tne vulgar mass of the politicians, but t.y
tiu* diplomat- aim thoae it-w representative4! of the
press wiio?< n?ni-s are already largeiv known In
Europe, like uiBt, lor insiaace. ot M. KatkofX, the
editor of the Moscow Qaitt*. The Court, however,
j does not Conceal at all the apprehension about tills
f Mate or attairs. Armaments ami drilling are car
rn it tin on iiiu largest scale; the Einperor. with two
i of His sous, is inspecting trooiis in the Eastern pro
I ylu. e*. while be Grant Dune Nicholas is doing ti.e
1 in me western. Military mamruvres are going
An a.'.1 ever the empire, ariit to keep ii e Court quiet
about ti> whole, ail the august ia ue^, to begin with
the KmpreX; have been sent to the neautiful impe
rial resilience ot Liv.eiia lu the Crimea wnere they
a.c to itl iy nil G'? iit^iuiuiig ol the winter season.
GERMAN? AND AUSTRIA.
The l<iila M'oetltt!! t?l the Two Kmprror*?' The
Cotiloreiii-t'M nt TU? 1'oliticnl Mliin
liou wt ICuiop.?Tuc Hrottpeni ve l>nu?;cr?
The Internal t;<>iii;i<tn In AuNtriM.
Berlin, ^pt. 10, isti.
The meetings ol ttic two Emperors of tiie German
mill Austio-Hunganau empires, ami .the confcrcn '-en
ol tbelr respective Chancellors, arc facts of the
greatest political importance The motives, sub
stance an i issues ol these meeting-* are calculated
to excite t he liveliest interest of all who wish to
l>eiictrale into the mystoilea of ihe present political
Hltuation of Europe uuil arc concerned in the peace
of the world. The motives to the meetings and
I conlcrences, which lorni the .subject of my letter,
j arc to be found hi the alter.).! po-dtion of Germany
I and the Austro-Huugariau empire to each other
i since the defeat of France and her loss of political
preponderance in the European council of nations.
The German victories during tho late campaign have
finally convinced tuo Cabinet or Vienna that a re
accosflon of Austria to her lost poMtlon and
inflne:ico In Corin.ny la not to lie thought of;
that she has ueliniilve.y to accept of the posi
lion to which the events of lttfiO brought
her, and that in this po.-itlou her intercut* arc for
the most part identical with those ot Germany,
which ought to be her natural ally. Having recog
nized these lacts. the Vienna Kovernuient, encour
aged by the frien.lly advances of ueiciaiiy, entered
011 a new line ot policy, a rapprocfument l>eiwecti
(.ermany and the A nstro- Hungarian empire vras
brought about, and the re'atlons of the two States
prcw more and more friendly by degrees. At last it
was resolved on that Ihe two Emperors, William and
Francis Joseph, should meet aud seal an entente
oordia'e between their States. Thus the two Em
perors, accompanied by their Chancellors, meL
TUB CONKKUENCKH
of the latter, at GaHeln, In tho iir.it place, referred
of necessity to the present political situation of
Europe. There are at present no Immediate dangers
threatening the peace or Europe, wnich It is the
interest and demre or both Germany and the Austro
Hungarian emrdre to secure, llut there are, never
theless, dangers which darken the luture. France
has lost tier military and political prestige, aim of
all the nations in Europe theto is nono less <iuailfled
to bear the loss in silence than the French. It is
therefore more than probable that France will do all
In her power to retrieve her low, and to re obtain
ber former preponderance, which always constituted
a great danger for the rest of Europe.
WHAT run FUTURE MAY BKINU FORTtl.
Hut this cannot be achieved but bv action, and
the endeavor of France to re-esuiblish her tormcr
political influence is therefore almost identical with
a disturbance of the Euro; can peace. It Is this
knowledge especially which has brought a certain
coolness in the relations of Italy with Fram e. Italy
harbors the belie! that France Is but too much in
clined to Inter. ere In her aiialrs, and instinctively
shrinks irom her secret enemy. Auother element
ofdauRer is the ultrumontane party, which is intent
on supplanting the supreme authority of the state
bv the authority o: the Popr*. And last but not lea^t,
there are the !?o lallsts, who are everywhere trying
to revolutionize aud upset the existing order of
things. I liL'ar that tlicsj dangers? which, us op
posed lo the peace' of the world at large, are also
opposed to the Powers who are earnestly endeavor
ing to maintain peace and order and ensure the wel
fare of th.lr subjects? have been ulsousscd ny rrluco
Ulsuiarck and Count Beust, and that an understand
ing as to the remedies lor those evils has been ar
rived at. As a matter ot course,
T11E INTERNAL DIFFICULTIES OK THE AU3TR0-HCNGA
ItlAN MONARCHY
have also been touched upon, and In the following I
have the pleasure of submitting an extract iroin a
letter which embodies the views of the Berlin Cabi
net on the.-)C difficulties:?
'I he solution or the Internal difficultly or the cla-Lelthan
ball or the AusiD-Hungarlan monarch/ toruis one i>r the
prlucipa! problem* or ibe prevent day. It is siiperliuous to
sny that (>t-rm it)y takes In it deep Interest. The abnormal
situation la wuicn we lo 11 1 ourse.ves, before ItsbS, with re
gard to Austria, and Austria with regard to in, contributed
more than anything else to multiply the Internal difficulties ut I
both countries. Austria (tillered sllli inuic bv It than Ger
many. The day ol KonlgxraU frc.;l us, and out oniy u? but
Austria herself, from Ibe consequence* of it mistaken policy I
which regarded the ac |ii rtlou ol' power abroad as an opiate
lor mlTering at home, just ai a inan who lma vexation and
trouble In hi* own house triei to recoup hi.nselt by seeking
recreation elsewhere, and tints reader* h?n?elf more and
more omitted to hnd happiness In the domeitlc circle, hut
muoe Austria has begun to concern beraelT matuiv with her
own all aire, as every atutn 111 a normal kituatlon anou'd do,
the old error seems to have revived In a new form. I here li
a continual apprehension of a coming
OONVLlfT liKTWKKN tUK HIH'MST N ATION A '.ITIHS.
tbe cohesion of which has for centimes constituted the Au?
ti Ian empire. Tins tendeucy of the national element* to aa
?eri them*el*es with lncreasln pertinacity has diverted the
attention of public men in Austria from the object they
should principally keep in view. What I* Indispensably ne
cessary to their country U an Internal and uniform regenera
tion of the Auitrlan monarchy? in fact, us political develop
ment, which will be a (re it gain for all and eacU of the na
tionalities. This work of Internal policy, so Ions a* the lirst
Klace t* asslunea to the atruugle between national elcmenla,
i forgotten ami neglected In iavor ol' a novel sort ol external
policy. Formerly 1'ie s.itne tendeucy revealed itsell witb re
gard to i.ermanv and Italy at present it is the result of con
tact wttb the Czechs, the Sciavonlans, the Poles and the Auj
tro-Ucrman*.
WI1AT APeTBIA BllOCt.n l>0.
It would be well lor both ouraelves and others If Austria
were to y ia, Ui rival infwlitioM th>*n to no^Jtuting
p l tier; If there were an hrnu t >in i o/rn n'1*! heturrn the am
n?rn tttVA- mid tUi iitvrttU; and if n iHomMlities u<B iio I we er
u al tu -i pti'-xt by yjitiml prt<e ?/nrnfh i* re ily the i o*ifion
at i*r*rnt. The conservative, or rather the reactionary party,
the aristocracy aud the i hurcb mass their icbemes uuuer a
Czcch patriotism, because they find that race more amenable
to '.heir inline. ice .ban the Ueimans of the ralddlo class, who
are Uhed with libera Ideas. Why do they not nvow their
sentiments? In the conservative camp there are many Her
mans who are so little Czech that ttiey can neither speak nor
understand tho language. On the liberal side, It mil be found
when the political conflict is unmasked, that all the nationali
ties are represented. Aud then mere will lie one thing which
no party would attack? the (lability ot the state.
TU 1 'OPIOfcALF.il <;nNFI.lUT.
While the antaconlam of the national element! Il placed
In the foreground the political conflict Is ball concvalelt
and in the twlllubt friend wars with friend and bring* assist
ance to the real advenarv. The national element has really
only a secondary Importance in this conflict. In other
Mates, too, caeca have occurred in which reactionist*, a*
well as democrat* ami revolutioiniti, have united w.th tneir
foreign political coreligionists in order to gain thetr ends in
tbeir own couutry, and Ibua to triumph in Its miafortune*.
Thl* course of action i* Illicit and reprehensible elaewhere;
In Austria It I* perfectly justifiable; only it ibotild be ac
knowledged that the cause <>f the party Is the principal ob
ject, an that the national element is only used to ferve party
uryoie*. It would therelore be belter to" act frankly, a* hon
esty demand*. If we leave ihe Czech* and theSc.ave* entirely
out of the question we hnd that the federal coniervative
party have choaen lor alllea, and It muit be hoped for instru
ments, two elements, both of which are a? hostile to con
?ervatum as to llberaiiam, and which. In their turn, consider
the conservative party only a* a mean* to serve their ends,
fhese dement* aie ultrainontanlsm ou the one hand and so
cialism on ihe other. Tbe ram ideation* of the latter extend
even to tbe heart of the preaent cia-Leilhan Mluiatry and
hence are employed, for an euhemeial party end, democrats
like Irene, Mai ami others, who are the loes of everv nation
ality and of every political organiza.lon The nature of ultra
motilanism Is not lei* hoitlle to tbe national, and, above all,
to the Herman element. The attitude of it* organ*, both in
Oermanv aud other countries, clearly sh,w? that the Her
man nation can never conclude a sincere peace with it.
Thus in ultramontanlsm and loclallsm the Austrian conserva
tive party has two allle* wblcn are the avowed eueiule* of
Herniaiy.
RKOARIJINfJ THE I8SCK3 OF TIIE CONFERENCES
of trie Imperial Chancellors of Germany aud ihe
Aiinro-Hungarian Ktnpire, may It sufllce to nay that
the cordial character or the second meeting of the
Kmperora at salsbon continns toe laspoiidM that
tlia discussions of Prince Bismarck an<l Count Benst
tWH hail Hit roalt desired; that their exchange of
ideas lias lcil to a complete understanding and per
fect tntenie cordial v between tne German and
Austro-Uuiigarlan government and that, though no
treaties have been concluded, the two empires are
to all intents and purposes united against any Power
endangering tliu European peace. If any conttn
{tcncy of a dangerous character should necessitate
olnt nci ion. there is no doubt that the two Powers
alter having, as agreed on, dull considered tho case,
would also be rendy to agire on treaties, me conclu
sion of which the present position oi a flairs does
not warrant.
JIISCLLLltEOlS FOKKHtf ITfcflS.
A calculation has been made that there are in
London too, ooo cats.
a Spanish Infantry regiment ha? Jnst neen armed
with the Hcrdan rifle. The people ot New Jersey
ought to feel proud.
The Heigiau Ministry has raised the railway fares
in Belgium, the aluiaiion to go lato effect from
the 1st 01 November.
Three of the lame Parisian bankers have made
the offer to take up the whole of t le loau ol the city
ol Paris at the conditions required.
The Courrler DiplonvWi/uc ot Paris state* that
Belgium, Switzerland ami Italy refn?c all modifica
tion oi the treaties oi commerce wiiu Frau-e in a
prutectlonnt semie.
Two it .w-tpapers? E> Tra^'donal, of Valencia, and
one ltatiio not given, of saraKosna? nave been seized
an I Uteir editor* Imprison* l for freely expressing
thea* ojiluioiib about the Italian King of 8pain.
The Journal OfHc puolLshud lately the conditions
of the new city of Paris loan, l'no rate of isaue const!
tutes for capitalists an investment at about four and
three-qtiarten per cent, or, wltli the i \eutu iiuy re
suiting from th j drawing lor prize*, it toutl of
ub mt one- all per cent in iavor oi subscribers above
the iniere?t ol the lust Male loau.
Nine thousand loi'sters were Ian led a fiiort
tune ago at Gnm^bv. England, direct iroai ,swe leu.
Tney were traiuu-rre l to floating chestito pn-servo
thein, as nfual. but next morning the whole tv ie
found to n ?ve tiled, causl g a loss to the Merchant
ol not less than .Qo 1'hfl lobsters were killed by
toe liltliy condition of the water in t fie dock.
a telegram In a Hungarian journal states that tho
Porte is doing Its oe^t to induce the Itoui.iaitian
Chambers to withdraw from the position they have
fti*?ututtd wltli regard to the foreign railway snan
bufcb-m It is said to be the iineutioii ol the pre
sent Roumanian government to dissolve the cuaiu
bera i.'t ease Kiev show ihemselved unwilling to
adopt hO?ue such coorae.
A reotnf complaint ngunst a Gon Ion nnlsanee
el ict toil .i nNl>'US ttalisiKiii slul.uient lioui Mi.
M?aw. It Appears that there Is in the neighborhood
oi Green street a "knacker's'' yard, ami Mr. ^haw
coutentted that horse-slaughtering establishments
were lutrniy necessary in Lonoon, inasmuch as aoo
horses died every week in the metropolis, in which
there were no less than 7'iO.uOO cats to t>e red. The
Statement us to the feluie population of London was
received by the vestry with loud laughter.
The word UUui is not Polish, ami does not mean
"lance-bearer." It Is often incorrectly written 111
German Vh an, but a reference to a German ??Army
List" will mIiow the correct spelling is flan, it is a
Tuikish word (i.hollaini and means simply "a
young man,'' a slave." it is <tuite true that it
came into the German language through Poland,
ami has long beeu used under the form of llulan In
English.
The London S'anditrtl exposes a Imrefaced swin
dle. Hundreds of persons of note it says, have
lately received letters from a man claiming to have
in li i h possession a box containing diamonds to the
amount 01 4,ooo,ojof. and important papers belong
ing to the Kmpress. the box having been abstracted
irom the Tuilerles on Septemoert The swindler,
being in prisou, orrers, on payment of 2,0*wf. to put
the donor in possession of the box. Several credu
lous per urns have been mulcted of their 2,0iJf., and
the Starutartl now publishes a caution that no
Bucii box exists.
The Paris lemns publishes a table showing the
nuiiiLier of members of the Leu ion of Honor on
January 1. 1871, wiin the subsequent appoint mentP.
The figures are as follow:? Grand cross, 32; Grand
Officers, l;tf; Commanders, ?7tf; Officers, 3,i?so;
Knights. 2s,o;i. Toiai, 34,145. The nominations tins
ye;r arc 18. 5H, 211, 1,628 and 6,t;99 respectively;
tot il, ?,M4. The above refers only to crosses con
lerreU on military men, with .salaries attached, the
amount of which was 10,740, 7io francs on January
1. to which mnst tie added 2,843,7ftu francs for those
awarded since. In 1 ?ti7, 1HG- and IStfU the exuuc
nous nearly balanced the nominations.
A Presidential decree published lu France recently
promulgates the law a lopted uy the Nntioual Assem
bly creating several new taxes. Among the subjects
upon whlcu duties are to l>e levied are wooden and
oLtier matches. The first class, wooden matchcs.
are subjected to a lax of one centime live miiiieiues
per box containing not more tnan fifty, an t of tnree
ceiiiintes per huhdred upon larger boxes or packets.
Wax uud other superior kinds oi matches are to
pay at the rate of ten centimes per hundred or irac
tinn of a hundred. These duties are to be Indepen
dent of the customs duties levied upon sucn articles
when Imported. A drawback is to be allowed upon
mutches exported, and those sold In France, whether
imported or of home in.inuiacture, must be enclosed
111 sealed packets or boxes bearing the government
stamp.
SHIPPINGNEWS.
Aluiim:i ior Now Yuri* -fills Day.
Sun rises G 04 Moon rises. morn 12 4(5
Sun sets 5 30 High water... evo 4 38
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DATES OF DEPARTURE FKOM NEW YORK
MQKTH OF OCTOl>?R.
?MMM I ioiV*
hrrtmatiaii.
O/Hcs.
I'iwa
Mlnndota
t'ltv of Bilstni...
it v ot Wasli't'n
Aliaullc
ldubo
MaiilisUaii jOot 20
Pemr* |Oet 21
Colora lo Oct 2ft
Oct'nu.u. luct 2d.
Oct 11..
Ocl 11..
Oct 12..
Dei 14..
Oct 14..
JOci 18..
IdlnsKOw....
Liverpool..
I Liverpool..
[Liverpool..
I Liverpool..
I Liverpool.
I Liverpool ;39 Broadway.
Havre 58 Broadway.
Liverpool ?9 BroaOway.
I Liverpool iy Broauway.
7 Bowllns Ureen
-S Broadway.
15 Broatiway.
1ft Hroadway.
19 Hroadway.
29 Broadway.
PORT OF NEW YORK, OCTOBER 8, 1871.
ARRIVALS.
RETORTED BV THE HERALD STEAM YACHT3.
Steamship City of Mow York (Br), Lcitch, Llvorpo.jl Sept
20, vi? Queenstown 27th, with mdge and a 3 paoeengers, to J
G Dale. Hud strong nead winds and seas the greater part of
the passage Oct 4, lat -15 18, Ion 52 28, passed a German
steamer, Bound E fitli, lat 42 38, Inn 02 OS, a Cunard atcamer,
bound h 7th, 11 :no PM, an Anchor line itiamer, do; Sth, a
Brem< n and a Hamburg steamer, do.
t Steamship Balavla (Br\ McDowail, Llvevpool Sept 26 and
Queenstown 27th, with mdse nnd passenuTB, to C O Fratick
lyn. let ;i, lat 4i 3y, lou 44 8b, passed a Uuion ?teauiaim>.
bound east. r
Steamship Francis Wrleht, Russell, Brazos 14 days, with
wdse and 7 pasengers, to Woodhon?e. SQuthmnrd A Kudd
Steamship Albemarle, Smith. Richmond. City Point and
Norfolk, with mdse aud passengers, to the Old Dominion
Steamship Co.
Steamship Isaac Bell, Rlakeman. Richmond, CItv Point and
Norfolk, with mdse and passengers, to the Old Dominion
Steamship Co
Steamship John Qlbson, Winters, Georgetown, DC, with
mdse and passengers, to U H Merrick.
Steamship Fnnita, Doaue, Philadelphia, with m Ise, to the
Lordlard Steamship Co.
Ship Isaac Weub, Morlimore, Liverpool Aug 27, with mdse
to C. il. Marshall A t'o. Made the mid le passage and hud a
succession ol westerly winds to the Banks; from ibenee 9
days. Si-pt 25, lat 43 08 N, ion 41 JO W, bad a severe ijale from
H to SW, lasting 10 hours; lost lower topsails. The 1 W la
anchored on the bar.
Ship General Ferry, Levansaler, Liverpool 40 ilavs, with
mdse to Rupcll, Uowi s A Co. Vessel to Bnow A Burgesa;
took the southern passage, and had light northerly aud west
erly winds.
rihin Harvest Queen, Jansen, Liverpool 22 davs, with mdse
and 217 pasaencera, to C H Marshall A Co. Had line weather.
The H y is anchored on the bar.
Ship Ontario, Mitchell, London 33 days, with mdse and 47
passengers, to Hrlnnell, Minium A Co. hip'-nenced niiusiiil
vvriable winds and weather the entire passage; crossed the
Banks Sept 29 In a dense fog, since which time have had
constant dark weather and continual heavy rains up to the
7th Inn, on which day took a pilot Irom boat No 10; Septal,
lat 44 60, Ion 36 88, passed a Brili>h bark, waterlogged, deal
loaded was perfectly upright, with nil spurs standing and
sails lurlej; hail bright lower masts, wilb bauds painted
white, painte I ports aud poop deck sea making a complete
breath over her, bun-arks gone amidships and deck load
wasned nearly off, water pom-lug from her cabin windows
whenever her stern ro?e out of the sea, hosts gone.
Ship Rohena. Hammond, London K7 oavs, wub mdse to
Thomas Dunham's Nephew A Co. Took the northern pas
sage and bad light, variable winds; has beeu lu days W ol'
the Hanks.
Ship Charles Lining (NO\ Pemcke, Antwerp. Aug 22, v
Flushing, 29, with mdse 10 C. LiiIiiik A Co; took the middle
pais.ige and had N \V and W8W winds. Sept 18, lat 4"> 3M, Ion
dl 4S. liad a hea?.v gale from W to MV with a tremendous
sea was struck by a sea which stove slarho.tr I quarter boat,
skylight, broke stanchions aud poop bulwarks, an 1 started
several seams on poop aud main deck lias heeu ten days'
W oi the banka. The C L is anchore t on the bar.
Ship Caal.da, Tel or. Antwerp, 40 days, with mdie to
Thomas Dunham's Nephew A Co. Took the middle passage,
and had northerly and westerly- winds Sept 24, lat 42 ion
45 3i, had a severe rale from SW to WSW, lasting four home;
lost foretopsaii and jib; has heeu nine days lrom the Banks.
The Cssllda is anchored on the bar.
Hark Medway iBr>, Robertson, Oreenock Sept 3, with
mdse, to H Swectland A Co. Took the northern passage aud
bad rough weather Sept 16th and 17th, lat 49, Ion 33 lo, had
a severe hurricane, commencing at SSYv, veering around to
SandSK; the water was one sheet of foam, barometer
standing at the tune 2Ji 10; Uth, sighted a large ship to lee
ward with nil her sails tnrled, and two barks hove lo close
lo her; considered she must be disabled or about to be aban
doned, as other vessels in sight did nut bear down to her waa
10 days weit of the Banks.
Bark Leopold II i Kelgj, Ralhge, Antwerp 81 days. In bal
last, to Wendt. Tetens A Bockmann. look the northern
i assays and had fine weather have been 9 days west of the
lianka
Baric Colnmh'ns (NO), Ihlder. Bremen 32 days, with mdse
and 100 passengers, to H Ko ip A Co. Took the northern
passage and ban fine weather; had 3 deaths among the pas
sengers; 9 days W of the Hanks.
Bark New Mra i Bri, Far juliar. Boston, 4 days, in Ballast,
to S L Merchant A Co.
Brig Valero Br). Murray, Newport 2S days, with railway
Iron to order? vessel to Brett, Son A Co. Took the middle
pacsagv, and tirst pari had light esslerly winds, latter part va
riable winds; Sepi 27, lat 44 N. Ion 47, spoke hark Kllxa Ave
lina, from Newport for New London, 34 davs out.
Brig Flora <NG>, Hansen, Rio (irande 46 days, wlthhli.es
and wool, lo <ie rlchs A Co. Crossed the Equator Sept ft, In
!on3A; had light, variable weatl er most of tue passage;
Sept 3(1, off Bermuda, had a severe gale Irom N K, lasting 48
hours, split upper topsail and jib.
Brig John SV alters tBr>, Splait, Santos, 44 days, via Hamp
ton Roads, 3 days, with coflee lo Arnold, Sturges A Co
vessel to Q F Bulley. Crossed the Equator Sept 2 in Ion 34 3d
Had moderate weather.
Schr Victor, Mahonv. Para, 22 days, with rubber and nut*
to O Gumarlass vessel to II J Wenbcrg. llsd light wind*
and calms the entlr? passage.
Schr A G Ireland, Townscnd, Wilmington, NC, 7 day*, with
liaval stores to T J Murrdv? vessel to master. Oct lat 39,
Ion 74 111, spoke shin Charlotte, from Cardiff for Norfolk.
Schr Delrnar, Ireland, Newbern 4 day*, with shingles, to J
Patterson.
f'ehr Agile, Roberta, Newbern, NC, 4 day*, with naval
store*, to A T Bruce.
Schr J B Allen, Case, Philadelphia for Oreenport.
Scar D Davidson, Freeman, Philadelphia for l-.aM Dennis,
Pnsswl Through llell
BOUND SOUTH.
Kt-amship Eros Br), Speedy, Hull, E, for New York, with
railroad iron, to order. Broke main shaft within 100 mi.es
of New York had fair weather.
Steamship Acusbnet, Rector. New Bedford Tor New York,
with mdse and nassencers. to Ferguson A Wood.
Brig Rising Sun. Griffin, Mayaguet, PR, via New Haven
for New York i not as before reported
Sehr Lookout, Howe, Ulace Bay for New York, wilh coal
to ordnr.
Sehr Louisa I>, Lewis, St John, NH, for New York, with
lumber to Jed Frye A Co- vessel to Parker, Mills A Co.
Schr Ore, Den niton, Musquaab, NB, for New York, with
coal to Jed Frye A Co.
Schr Pelro, Rogers, Calais for New York, with lumber to
Boardman A Co.
Schr Z Stratton, Smith, Calais for New York, wllb lath to
BImpson A Clapp.
Hchr Oregon, Parker, Rockland for New York, with lime
to I'ressey.
Schr Stephen Waterman, Chaae, New Redford for New
York.
Schr Ellen Franeea, Bulger, Warebam for New York, with
nails to l'.trk Mills Co.
Schr Thomas Porter, Handy, Fall River for New York, wilb
wood to order.
S.:hr laabeda Thomas, Ingeisoll, East Greenwich for Phi.it
delphla.
Sehr onward, French, Frankfort for New York, with a*ona
to llogan.
K< hr Angellne Ysn ('leaf. Carter, Providence for Port
Johnson.
Schr Marv Iloile, Perry, New London for New York, with
fish to Rogers A Co.
Sehr Herbert Manton, Crowley, Boston for New York, with
coal to order.
Schr Caroline A Cornelia, Crowley, Som< rrat for Netv York,
with nails to Park Mills Co.
schr Ell TownsenJ, Nlckerson, Providence for Elira>>etii
porl.
Sehr Memento. Nickerson, New Iledford lor New York,
Bc.ir Iris, Grilling, ,>ew London lor .vew York.
Si nr Ira Fowler, Chase Providence for Port Johnson.
Schr Copia, v\est, Fail iiiver fufNew York,
Sehr .1 (Joodatiesd, lark, New Lon ion for New York.
Sehr sarah blttabeth, Kenny, Boston f?.i Mew Yoik,
Set.' Vapor, Johnson, N?-w Haven for New York.
Sehr Bella, S1 ernes, iS?w Bedford for Virg.nia.
Stiir Duiiiul Morrin. Morris, Full River for New York.
Sci.r Bath, Ha ?ey, New London lor New Ynr*.
Schr Belle Seam i i, seaman, New Haven for Port Johnson.
8cbr Mnoareita, Wan. iter, ulen Cove lor New York
Schr Horning Light, ilsrper, New Haven for New York.
Sehr Fanny Elder, lil.-h, Newport for New York.
Ncbr Tunis Hodlne, Bunqe, Providence lor New Yors.
Heiir Messenger, Keeie. /frmlon for Eluabatbpott.
I Sriir E iiaker, Baker, I'rovidenee for New Yor*.
S. hr S P Hall. Holmes, New Bedford for New York,
Sehr Ellen. Klngsier, New Bedford for New York.
Hchr Ida Howard, rarnbam, Providence for New York,
Sehr R M Clark, Slocking, Taunton for New York.
Hchr JoUi. Lancaster, W illlauis, New Haven lor New York
s. hr .1 U Savns, Arnold, Providence for New York.
I Sti i Sterl.ng, >i?id. Norwich lo' NOW Yoik*
fc*hr George Ravage. Tlee, Provinenee for New York.
Kchr Jtnla rrancia, Franc)*, Nlw He llor4 for Sim or*.
Kcbr K Keacer, Benhe, Portsmouth for New York.
Steamer I nited States, Davis, Kail R.ver for hew Yor*,
with m<**e and passengers
Steamer Metis, I??vim, Providence for New York, wiin
mdse and passengers.
BOCND KMT.
Brig Florence, Clapp. Philade phli for Boston.
Brlrf Peier Roberts, Hun'er. New York for Windsor, NR.
Schr Kvelyn. Burner. New York for Stainiord.
schr Nellie Hloointieia, tiootde, New '.ork for Stamford.
Schr O Acken, Meade, Elizabethport f >r Stamford.
Scbr Saran. Fowler, Whltestone lor Northport
Kcbr Mariner, Sherman, Hushing for i.reeuwlch,
Schr Wm Morrison, Murriiou, Rondout lor
Bchr Hunter, H*te*. Clinton for .Norwich.
Kchr Kinma A I Hen, Bune*. New York lor Hartford.
Kchr Brazos, Lord, New Vol* for Connecticut River.
Schr i'rlstaiu Dicklus, Hahcook, New York lor Westerly,
8c hr Fredoma, Sen*, Port Johu* >n lor Rockland.
Kchr Hardsrab >le. Vail, New York for Boston.
8chr Kendrick Fish, Turner, New torn tor St George, NB.
Kchr Trade Win. I, Iugrahaui, New York for Bolton.
Schr Nile, Metoall, Ainooy lor itoston.
Kchr Ellen N Snow. Buchanan. New York lor Boston.
Scbr Jul a R Clark, Mllburn, klizabethporl for Milton.
Schr John Meitler, lor Wareliaui.
bchr Gen Howard, Johnson, Klizahethpnrt for Anjusta.
Kchr Rotert Fl'tcher, Gilbert, New ork for New Haveu.
Scbr Crusader, Davis, New York for New Haven.
Scbr Calais, Spear, Rondout for Portsmouth.
Scbr Sarah A Falconer, Wilson, Ron ;out for Providence.
Kchr Telegraph, Nickerson, Fori ,lobn*on for ProvlJeuce.
Kchr hstelia, Uurney, Rondout for Providence.
Kchr K C Deumsou, Allen, Albany foi Provllence.
Scbr Pantbca, Hll>, Rondout lor Myitlo.
Kchr J II \oumans, liunt, H.liza'ieihpnrt for Providence.
Kchr Katie Mitchell, hustman, Port Johnson for Augusta,
hchr Ni^er, Constance, New Vurk lor PkmMMOS.
Kchr Amus Briggx, Goldsmith, llaverstraw for New Bed
ford.
Scbr Reading Railroad No 43, Dowd, Port Johnson for
Providence.
Kchr Breeze, Bartlett, Philadelphia for New tlaren.
Kchr Rip, Couey, Poit Johusou lor New Haven.
Bchr P Hell, Brewster, New York for Taunton.
HcUr Kllsha, Dickson, Ambor for Norwich.
echr Arctic, Clapo, New Vork for Newport.
Schr John Trimmer, Felton, Albany for Hiirtford.
Kchr Cbargor, White, Rondout for Now Ite Iford.
Kchr Mary Johnson, Phluuey, Rondout for New Bedi'ord.
Kchr Aduilral lllake, ('hasp, New York for New Be.liord.
Scbr Neptune's Bride, Pieraon, New ork for llo?t >u.
Scbr Ann Eliza, .Toni'S, kllzahethport lor Wickford.
Kchr 1'hos Bills; Kelly, New York for Wnreham.
Kchr New World, 8now, Port Johnson lor Clinton.
Kclir Kea Queen, Bunker, Elizahethport for Providence.
Bchr H V rramlall, McKurnle, New tork for St Johu, NB.
Schr Hamon, Johnson, hllzabeibport for Fall River,
Schr Liidv Adams, Sullivan, Eliza: ethport for New Hav,>n.
Kchr Empire, Matthews. Port Johnson for Harwich.
Schr Kliza William*, Cornish, Kondout lor Boidfeu.
Kcbr Mount Hope. Adam*, New York for Rockland.
Kchr Urluiua, Allen, Spu.vten Duy .il for New ilaveu.
Kchr Viola, Noyes, i'.llzabethpoit for Machine.
Kchr Elizabeth, Hudson. Rondout for Providence.
Bchr J L Iless, Conklin, Port Johnson for Deep River.
Kchr J Auderson, Vooihls. Port lohnnon for New Haven.
Kcbr Kusan A Murv, Kenyon, Hoboken for Providence.
Sloop Union, Hutchinson, New York for New Haven,
Whitfbtone. LI, Oct H ?9 PM.
Wind H, light, partial tog. A British bark. Iron laden,
honnd to New York, is at anchor oil Hart Island will pro
ceed in the inuruing.
BELOW.
frot
Wind at sunset 8W, li^ht.
Ship British America, from Rotterdam i by pilot boat Hope,
No 1).
Marine Di?a<itrrii.
fiTBAMHlllP POOH- The steamship Kros (Br', Speedy, from
Hull, K, lor New York, with railroad Iron, to order, which
troke her mainsbaft within a hundred miles from New York,
aud afterwards went on shore at Wading river. L.I. AM of
6tli inst, was obliged to throw overboard one hundred tons
ot her car*o In order to lighten t.ic vessel. She then floated
at high water and proceeded for destination, towed liy three
tug boats. She did not sustain any damage while asnore.
KfnR J CunTis, lishlng vessel, arrives at Provlucetown
7th inst with lores of both masts.
NisiTllHiieflji.
Steammiip Mcfi.FLi.AN (sldfwhoeh f?5.1 tons, canaclty
ul out h,&tKI bl/ls., built ut New York m l'o4, of wood with
iron straoplngs, was sold by aucllon at Baltimore 4m iu?t
for IJ,2!t,<MMI to James C Wheedon, Lscj.
Mr C V Minot, of Phipsburg, has nearly rompleted a large
three-masted schooner in that town, w filch will soon ne
ready for Inuncliine. Some time this tall or winter Mr James
Bowker will propably put up the frame for a coasting
vessel.
Notice to .tlarinern.
CnATi.FBTON, Oct 3-Thc fteamer Pilot Bov reports the
tea buoy on the hasteru bar of St Helena us misting.
Whalemen.
Bark Joseph Maxwell, Cowle, arrived at New Re Iford A:h
Inst from Indian Occau, Kt Helena Auk 16, will 10;.0 bhis ?p
and 150 wb oil sent home I2i'H lbs bone. Reports Sept 29,
bark Cicero, ('lav. NB, Hfcfl bbls sp, bound to Urnnd bank
would be at St Kitts In December.
Hark Ansel Oibbs. Fisher, arrived at New Bedford 6th Inst,
from Hudson Bay Aug 2i), with 1JIKI bbls wli oil aud &j.uOll lbs
bone.
Bark Clarice, Marcnant, sailed from Kdgartown 6th Inst
for Atlantic Occan.
Npoken.
Ship Furvdlee ,Pr Bennett, Calcutta for New York, Aug
IT, Iat9 N.lonbl E.
Ship Edith Warren (Br), Hacke'.t, from Liverpool for Cal
cnttn, Auc 9. no lut. \c.
Ship Fortune, Taylor, from Liverpool for Calcatta, Aug 11,
lat 10 N. Ion 24 W.
Brig Nr.varino, Wyman, irom Smvrria for Boston, Sept II,
In the Straits of Gibraltar.
BH3 Kusan E Voorhls, Pulford, from Port Vendres, bound
W, Sept 11, in the Straits of Uibraltar.
Foreign Porti*.
Arhro6?an, Sent 23? Sailed, Geo Peabodj, Hilton, New
Orleans.
A >'J IFR, Aug 8? Arrived, Bunker Hill, Davis, New York
10th, Franklin, Drew.Ilollo for Boston.
BRISTOL, Sept 'J4? In port, Atlantic, Pennell, for New York
Idg; Kentuckian, Sawyer, North Star, Owens, ami J A
Thompson, Thompson, for N ew Orleans, do Mount Wash
ington, Sedgley, for Mobile Ray, do.
Arrived in Kmeroad 24ih, Kepler, linnkeman, from Phila
delphia for Oloucsster.
Brocwfrhiiavk.n, Sept iS-Arrlved, James Vf Elwell,
W ren, Philadelphia.
BnRiiFKHAVF.N, Kept 21? Sailed, Laura, Wilmsen, Balti
more; Louis, Wleke, Philadelphia.
Cork, Sept 22? 8e^22 -Arrived, Belle Walters, Walters,
St John, NB.
CnoNSTAUT, Sept 19 Railed, Oeflon, Lowersen, New York.
CrTTF, Sapt 16 -Arrived, Sandy llook, Rarstow, New York.
Dfai.. Kept 23 Arrived, II L filllialt, Keillam, London,
and sailed for Fall River, Mass: 24th, Ronert Godfrey, Tay
lor, do, and sailei for Philadelphia; Bellona (si, Jeffrey*,
on, and sailed tor Savannah Alplzia, Kemball, Lcnh i or
Baltimore (and anchored).
Fall-d 2,ld, Irwell for New Or'eans.
Parsed bv do 2">th, Kale Davenport, from Shields for Bom
bav Altie Durkee, Brown, from London for Philadelphia.
off do22<i, Enterprise, Mulder, from Rotterdam for New
York.
Dt.'NKFlt. Sept 22 Stllpil Livonia, Peters, Charleston.
Pudlin, Br|'t )il? Cleared, yueen Victoria. Conway, Phila
delphia.
f>ail?d 23d, Orace E Cann. Cann, Ardrnssan.
Dkm arara, Sept 11? Arr.ved, brig Watchmate (Br), Par
ker, New Yor*.
Ui.apoow, Sept 23? Sailed. Lnwaxs. Ovenstone, New York.
floTUFNDUR<., Sept li? Arrived, Guslav, liable, New
York.
lUnnnto, Fept 23? Arrived, at Cuxhaven, Pacific, Ham
mond, Middlesboro
hatled from 'lo Slit, Admiral, Haesloop, Philadelphia.
H a vwf. Sept 81? Cleared. Atmosphere, Oram, Savannah
23d. Thomas Fletcher, Pendleton. Cardiff and United State*.
Halifax, Oe.t Arrive,!, hriK? Mary (Br), McDonald.
Baltimore Chief Br), Monroe. New York. 1
Mai. ao A. Sept 22- Cleared, brig Misan Bergen, Davit, New
York via Almema.
(JIvoa, Sept 19? Arrived, Busy, Linden, Philadelphia;
Mary O Over, Hopkins, New York.
Oiiirai'tar, Kept lf>? Arrived, Horace Beals, Strone, New
York 17th, Susav L Fitzgerald. Crumley, do Princeia Louise,
Wale, do, and cleared for Constantinople.
Livtinoi, Sept 28 -Arrived, Altiertl, Harrlmaa, New
York Moiart. Cochran, Pensacola Oct g, Tlios Dunham,
Mr l ean, do <th, Nancy Pendleton. Pen lleion, St John, NB.
Sailed 83d. Hans*. Meyer. Baltimore Storm Klnc, Coyle,
Pensacola; Peqnot, McOrath, 8t John, NB: b C Blauchard,
Humphrey, Caflao via Cardiff; Tomooa. Bruce, Montreal;
24th. Von Heyden, Cartlow. Sprecht, Mew York Tenay Pro
positi, (ho, Baltimore SJotb, Saucbo Panza, Wiley, Phila
delphia.
t leared 28o, Magorlan. Hoodie, Baltimore; Lord Dalbou
?le, Ronald, Galveston.
Knt out 23<l, Crawford, for New Orleans Cob* Moodie,
and Denmark ie). Andrew*. New York.
London, Sept 24? Arrived. Monarch, Tolland, Baltimore;
Mill, Fair and Ba?v, Taylor, do.
Cleared, 2Mb, Lebanon. Lane, New York.
I'M out 2oth, Staffa, Grant, for New Yolk.
LKAltoRN. S' pt 19 -Sailed. Agetiorli. Onen, Boston.
Lifbon. Sept 18 Arrlve.1, Mirianna I, Philadelphia.
N E wflA8Tt.lt, Sept ai? Knt out. Mindct, Bruns^aard, for
New York; 22d. Bertha, Rebuilt, do.
Newport, Sept 20? Arrived, J K 1 1 ol brook, Leavitl, Pant
ile. Manila Cobb, llanley, Hamburg.
Nov RKOPtKO, Sept 10-Cleared prevlou*, Nanny, Janson,
Philadelphia.
N An. r.?. Sept 2?> Arrived, Goschen. Henk, New York.
Plymouth, sept 24? SiU ed, Lnveld, Olsen, New York.
Palermo, Sept 16? Arrived, Ouaiaska, Wheeler, Bangor,
Ma.
I' aha. Sept IB? In port *ehr* C E Moody, 0 M Marrett, and
Mary Borden, nil for New York Idg.
c)1'f*nsto? n, Bopt 28? Arrived, Ebenexer, Nielson, New
Sell I V. cept 23 Arrived. Slmoda. Goody, New York.
SrHAH.l'NI), Sett 21 Arrived, Ane Kristlne, Petersen,
^fw York,
SinuaPoPF, Ann 14? Hal!#.), Ernest, Macaire, Boston; C C
Leary, Baker, New York.
hT John, NB, Oci Arrived, ?bip Assyria, Leask, B<>?
'"tVxfl, Sepl 23? Arrived, Levanter, Sherburne, Darien,
<JTrnKH Ihlanw*. Sept 9? Arrived, brlgt dome, EiMntt,
Boaton and cleared 1-th to return*; ISth.Vesta. Vickery,
Porto Rico nnd elcare l Kiih tor Boston Z3d, Somerset, Mc
Brbie, Guadeloupe and cleared 28th for New York).
(?aiard doWtli, brig Mlralla Hi i, Conley, from Halifax,
NS, for Jamaica.
WKBTPOBT, Sept 23- In port Patriot, Jooes, from New
York, ilisg.
Amerirnn Porta.
BOSTON, Ort 7, AM- Arrived schr* J W Fish, Gardner,
Balimote Oov J Y Sm Ih, i rowail, Philadelphia.
Cleared -Hlea in ships Calabria iBri, McMlckun, Liverpool
(and sailed); Wl.llam Lawrence, ll.illell, Baltimore via Nor
folic.
htb-Arrived, steam?hlr Nereus, I;ear?e, New York; ship
Lauren*. liottenhiirp hark* Marv, A re nan ire) Kate Burrlli,
Ardrossan Agua, Caiilill Matibla llllyard, Hull Uipsey,
Falmoiitli.
HA.NUoH, Oct 5? Arrived, sehr Chaitaoooga, Rnare, New
York.
BELFAST, Oct 1 ?Cleared, sc/ir Louisa A Johnson, Mahl
man, Philauelphia.
Cll AKbKSTON. Sept 7? Arrived, steamship James Adgrr,
Loekwrod, New Voru.
Sailed- -Steamship South Carolina, Beckett, New York.
Kth? Arrived, steamsliiii Mui.hiiitati. vtouUliuli, Mw York.
Saiied -Rchr Kra:,k a I'.mi'y, Jacksonville.
CAI.A1S. Sept 27 Cleared, s<lirii John Homes. Heath, New
York 2^th, John Boynton Mitchell, and l.ewis Wmsh, Kelly,
ao; 29th, Maud MnliOck, Norwood, do; 30tn, He. ma, Kelly,
and Kenort?r, Cooml s, do.
DIUHTON. Oct 5 Sailed, brig Klmira. Thomas, New York
or Bangor. s? lir Kossuth, ("raninr, do.
KLLStVOKTH, Oct 4 Hulled, schr Jachln, Kane, New
York.
FALL RIVF.R, Oct t Arrived, schr Central America,
Wiillain*. tleorgetown, DC.
ftlli? Sailed, sulirs John E San lord, We?tgate, and Theodore
lnai, Hi UIMll, IteorgMOWDi DO I lleiirv BtNIi Krans, di,
D B Met-ail, and Daniel Morris, Man?un, New York.
tll.OI 'i ?'?.sTl'.R, Oct Arrived. I, ark Ranger, Cox, Liver
pool schr Almlra Woidey, King, Philadelphia.
LUBEC, Se| t 30? Arrived, bn^ Claru J Adams. McFaddcn,
st John, NB, Tot Havana.
Sailed? Schr W A Harmon. Parker, Philadelphia.
NORFOLK, Oct Hailed, brig Chesapeake, Doe, Barba
dos.
NHW BKDFORD, Oct Arrive schr J Truman, Gibbs,
Mntiapuisett for Philadelphia
N ARitAt.ANSKTI', HI, Oct 6 At ai.chor off South ferry,
bark Lakemba tBri, Brown, from Mlddleiborough, K, for
New York lul^ Abby \V?i?on. Hooper, from Calal* lor I'h I
ladeiphia; schr Ontario, lUriier, 1'rovideuce for Ronduut.
NEWPORT. Oct 5, PM? Arrived, sclirs Virginia, Dryoen,
Baillnmre for New Bedford Nausetl, Mayo, New York lor
Oilcans, Bc.le, I'liuiB, New Bedford lor Virginia; S B llall,
Ctiipman, <lo for New York Manna, Morris, Harwich for do
Neil Sumpter, Shaw, Warren lor do; Sea Nymph, onley,
Bristol lor do. Jauics Kngbah. Barker, do tor do; Robert B
Smith, N ickerson Provhtence fordo; 11 B Melealf, Roger*,
n.i Daoiei Morris. Mausor, Fai. Rivwr lor do; Henry Uobart,
Evan*. do for q?org?owBt D T S Waahhnrn, Jones. Tmhi<ah
for Poughkeep*!*; Bailie T Chartre, Simmons, do lor New
York brc*t nr. Oake?, Berry, Soruersot lor do iloop North
America, Lyon, do for do
Sailed, schrs Fred Walton, Rich, Georgetown, DC, for
WrtUDO; Amelia, hllems, New Yurn Harali KlIuMk, Kel
Biver for do; Kate Saranton, Pa mer, 0 W Cumtnlnz*, Boult,
Sea (lower, C h?*e and Ellen Louisa, Binhop, l'roV"i*uee tot
dn; John II Perry, Kelley, New Bedford for I'Mlndelpbia:
Mary Mersbon. Brtxhtuian, Kail River lor New Vork; Addi?
BIhIvmU, Fish, Gardener for do; Arctic, Babb, Rocklauo
for <lo.
tilli, H AM? Arrived, Swedish corvette Josenhine Van Ot
ten. New York for Boston achr Mary Eluabnti, Borden.
Hull Klver for New York.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct 7, AM? Arrived, bark* Strlan Star
ilir). Canning, (toitenliurg; F Reck i N u i, Waljiu. Bremen)
Tejuca, Blanchard, Boston schrs J J Little, Rateinan Annl*
E Martin. Weeka, and Kamnn de Ajuria, McHride. do; Anna
M Kdwarda. Hlnaon, Richmond: Daniel Williams, Mills, VI
naih.iven .lames 8 W atsoii, Houek, Lane's Cove; Mary R
Feroerlck, Dorsev, Provi lence; Robin Hood, Adam*, Mid b
Bwlug, Burns, Norwlnb.
Cleared? Steamship* Roman, Baker, and Rattlesnake,
Brewster, Boston; Whirlwind, Sherman, Pro* I lenc*: I'arks
Jannitje i Dutch Wniixin, Rotterdam; Clara Probsi,
llremen schrs West Wind, Townseud, Bristol (V'an Trav
viler, Ailams: T BlnnlcWaon, Dlrker^on, and 11 all if Howes,
Howes, Boston Julia A I'rawiord, Young, Danversporti
Jessie B Allen, Case, Green port Morning Li|;l,t, Bowen,
Bridgeport.
PORTLAND, Oct 4? Arrived, brig Lucy W Bnow, Hall,
Philadelphia.
?th Arrived, brie Iris (Br*, Downey, Troon; scbr Col
Eddy. Mr He in. Soiitn Am boy.
PAWTUCKET, Oct 6? Arrived, schr Black Diamonl, Gold
smith. Pbllailelpliln.
PROVIDENCE, Oct 8? Arrived, schrs 8 C Bay'** Steele,
Shield* via Scrat'sier; Ely, II alb. Pensaeola; Willi* Muwe,
Bergman, Savannah j Sara'i Maria, linn, Osborne's L mil
lni{. V.i Clara H Cowart, Covington, I'bila lelplua Fbilan
tbroplsl, Ryder, do; D C Foster, Pedrlck, K'l/a'ir'hport
Express, Wass, do; Helen Mar, Ward, Newburg; Allen H
Brown, Pierce, South Am boy Robert Blair, Coinvy, Llavsi
traw.
Sailed -Schr* Mary Pnricer, Perry, Walchaprlgne, Vai
James Satherwalte, Klinmey, i'hi adclplua; Spray, Martin*
'Ironton; Fakir. Kn >wles; Rachel Jane, Tnylor; James
Phelps, Rockwell; Kar.ltoga, Weeks; Mluquas, lleany; Har
riet Lewis, Bliss, and tua L Howard, Harrington, N.,w \nrk
RICHMOND, Oct it- Arrived, steamships Wm P Clyde,
Drew, and Isaao Boll, Blakuman, New York; bark Nuuulu
T Bell, Kit*, Bostou. i
Cleared? Schr Maggie Bell, Jamison, New York.
ttth -Sailed, briii Mary Alierlon, Bourne, Kio Grande do
Bat.
ROCKLAND, Oct S? Arrived, schrs Gentile, Eldridge, amt
Marv A, Robinson, New Vork.
SAVANNAH, Oct 4? Arrived, schr Enchantress, Phillips,
New York.
fleared? Schr W H Steele, Buck, Havana.
8th? Arrive i, ship Emerald, Pliienlx-Islaud.
Cleared? Brig Faunv FotharglU, Darien.
SaLKM, Oct 5? Arrive. I. nclira Clarlhel, Nlckerson, Phlla f
delphia; 11 8 Billings, HiUm'S, Hoboken NatnlliH, Croc*
ett, Cojsackle; Mary, Gilchrist, Weeliawken; Hero, Kelly,
New York.
VINEYARD HAVEN, Muss, Oct 8? Arrived, steamer*
Fortune iUS', Washington, DO, lor Boston; Arres.Phlla
leston, for do; Snow Squall, Philadelphia, for do Jerusha
Baker and Antellne, New York, for do; J
Tinker, Port Johnson, lor Salem; Susie Preseott (Br),
Hoboken tor St Audrews; VUcent White (Br), Eli/abeihport
for St John N B husau Stetson and L k Knowles, Boston for
Philadelphia; AC Buckley, Dnnversport tor do; Indiana,
Provlncetown for New York Wm Penn, Calais for do Lou
ler Newton, Bangor lor do Mocking Bird (Br), St John, H
B, for do; Village Belle i Br), do for Providence; R K Rey.
nard, Boston lor Alexandria; Eagle, Franklin lor Nt?V
Bedford.
Returned, schrs Rocket, Perso, FW Johnston, Pampero
(Br>, A Hammond, Maud Webster, Nelllo C Paine. Warren
BLike, Mindora; brigs Alert, lor Baltimore; Planet (Hr).
froin Trinidad schrs Arctic, for Arecibo; D F Keeling, lor
Baltimore.
7tb, 7 PM? Arrived steamship Nereus, New Vork for Bos
ton; schr Rising Sun, Boston for Wilmington, NC.
Sailed Steamships Nerens, Aries, Dirigo; brig Open Kea;
schrs A C Bucklev and Pelro.
JUSO K L L INBaPg.
ALBKO k BROTHERS
have a tine assortment of choice
NEW TEAS,
which they are selling
at the following
LOW PRICES.
Young Hyson Tea... at 80c. per poum(
Ooloug Tea at 80c. per poumL
Hyson Tea. at Wc. per poumt
Souchong Tea at 80c. per pouml
Japan Tea at 100c. per poun'l
Green and Black (mixed) Tea at 80c. per poun>(
TueseTEAS ARB NEW and SUPERIOR IN QUALITY to
any Teas that
CAN BE BOU0HT IN THIS MARKET
AT THE PRICE.
The finest duality of
OLD GOVERNMENT
JAVA COFFEE (roasted)
at 30c. per pound.
ALBRO k BROTHERS,
158 Bowery,
fourth door above Broome street. 1
A -HUMAN HAIR SWITCHES, NOW THE FASHION j
24 Inches long, weight 2*4 ox., onlv $5 28 inches, weight'
2>j 1 17. tfti; .'JO Inches, weightli^ or... $7 50; yj Inches, weight
3 oz., 9^: the new style, t ranch twist and braid, only f.r>.
CHARLES V. PECkllAM, only hair Imnorter who retail*;
at wholesale prices, 687 Broadway, near Amity, and 251'
Grand, eoruerChrystie street. Ry mall ou receipt of sample,
color and price, or by expiess C. O. D. Cut tbis out.
ABSOLUTE DIVORCES LEGALLY OBTAINED 1W1
.1 diUerent States. Heaertion, ,1c., sulliclent cause; 111/
nubliclty do charge until divorce obtained advice tree.
M. HOUSE, Attorney, 1HI Broadway.
A HOI BEHOLD WORD I? REFURNISH AND BK^
plenish at the Great Central Housekeeper*' Eui|iorluin
EDWARD D. BAS8FORD,
Cooper Initltuti*.
China, Glas*, Silver Plated Ware, Kitchen Furniture ami
Cooking Utensils,
at lowest price*.
D
Absolute divorces legally obtain to from
the eourti or dillereut State*. No publicity. Advice
tree. Not nr* Public an I CommUai'inrr lor every State.
P. 1. K1MG Counsellor-at-Law, 363 Broil Iwav. 1
Donation day.-aid for the union home fuiv
SOLDlEltS' AN I' SAILOK8' ORPHANS.
The public are earnestly Invited to atteud tbe highly fnter-j
esting performances at tbe Fashion Course on Wednesday.
October 11. In order that every man, woman and child may 1
witness the Orphans' Jubilee the gates will be open to all,)
without charge. Free admission for that day. i.ome anif
help Mie Jubilee. Those who can afford to contribute a dona
tion will And boxes at eaih entrance, In wbich they can
deposit, under charge of committees, but no onn will be
allowo I to solicit donation!), the Manager prelerrlug to trusi
to tbe liberality ot visitors.
EVILED MKAT8 F< ?R LUNCH, BREAK FAST,
W. UNDERWOOD A OO.'S original and only geniiltia
make; a delicious relish for llie table. 8old by the teal
grocers. Wholesale 2tW Fulton street.
BENCH CHINA
at half price.
French China Tea Cups ami Saucers, $2 a do??n
Dinner Plates, 92 a dozen.
Tea Plates, $1 60 a dozen.
China Dinner Service for twelve, $17.
White Cb na Tea Sets, 44 pieces, $o 50.
China 8oup Tureens, 91 75.
Goblets, fine, $1 a dozen.
Fine Wine Glasses, 90c. a doreu.
Gold Band Tea Sett, 44 pieces, H W AO.
Decorated Band Tea Sets, 44 pieces, $9 60.
Bronzes, Clocks, I'luted Goods.
FRENCH AKCADE,
No. 843 Broadway
JW. VANDEW ATKR,
OFFICE, CABINET AND MERCANTILE FURNI
TURE MANUFACTURER,
63 Ann ana ltf3 Willinm streets. New York.
PILES, PILES? ALL KINDS, INTEBNAL, EXTERNAL,
blind, bleeding, itching, Ac., positively, perlectly, per
manently cured by absorption, without pain, danger, caus
tics or Instruments, by W. A. MoCANDLlSK, M.D., aline
rooms, Splugler Iloiire, Union square, Broadway.
UPHAM'S ASTHMA CURE RELIEVES THE MOST Vio
lent paroxysms In live minute* and etreot* a spea ly cure.
Price $2 by mall. Address S. C. UP11AM, 106 South Eigbtli
street, Philadelphia. Sold by dru,j{istsevaryw.iem.
rpnt EVENING TELEGRAM
TO-DAY,
A OR AND REVIEW OF THE DRY GOODS TRAnw
THE EVENING TELEGRAM,
INDEPENDENT
OF~ALl?
P( )L1 TIC A lTlIQ U E8,
FEARLESS
IN EXPRESSING
THE CAUSE OK RI0I1*:
CN TERRIFIED AM) 't'NTRAMMELLED
BY ANV PARTY,
EXPOSING FRAUD
wherevTTr found.
TIIK GREAT
EVENINtl PAPER
OF THE DAY.
'I II K
fCLEMKAH
CONTAINS MORE AND LATER NEWS'
THAN ALL THE OTHER
EVENING PaT'mTs COMBINED.
TWO FRESII EDITIONS
EVERY DAY.
NO STALE NEw7 REHASHED.
EVERYTHING
IMPORT AN'J\
KKADABLB
AND LIVELY.
ALL IN
TIIK
EVENING I i LKl.KAM,
THE
GHKAT PAPER Of THE DAS.
THE LA Ri i EH t CIRCULATION
OF" I.
TIIK EVliNl.su l'APERH.