38 civ (Orleans jSqmMiran.
OFFICIAL JOUR NAL OF ThTu NITeFsTATES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL *0F NEW ORLEANS
TUE DAILY KEPUBLIdAN
May be had of the following dealers:
George Ellis, opposite the Postoffice.
A. Simon, No. 91 Exchange Alley.
C. C. llaley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. G. D. Ilolle, No. til Exchange Place.
James Ennis, Ponte hart rain Railroad
Depot, Third District; also, at Depot foot
Lafayette Street, First District.
J. W. Long, corner of Love and Enghien
Streets, Third District.
Crescent City News Depot, No. 258 Canal
Street, coi ner of Howard.
AUCTION SALEH TIMS* DAV.
BT a. M. A B. J. MONTGOMERY, at 11 o'clock,
at Old Auction Mart, No. E7 Camp street, a
general assortment ot new and second-hand fur
niture, pianos, etc.
Local Intelligence.
Militakt Departure.—A detachment of
the Fourth United States Cavalry and Nine
teenth United States Infantry has gone to
Baton Rouge.
Arrest of a Hiirglar.— Captain Malone,
chief of the detectives, together with De
tectives Pearson and Pecora, surrounded
a house in the rear of Jlio Third District,
and arrested the notorious burglar Frank
O'Brien, who, it is said, is one of the bur
glars with Peterson when the latter was
shot. O'Brien lived in ieailv elegant style,
though in a house to all outward appear
ances very small and unpretending. He
has a young and handsome woman, appar
ently not more than seventeen years of age,
whom he calls his wife. She pleaded his
ease earnestly with the officers, but of
course it was without avail.
Inquest.— Coroner Jackson will this
morning investigate the cause of the death
of William H. Peterson, the burglar, who
was shot at the corner of St. Claude and St.
Ann streets, by the proprietor of a grocery
store, which he and two other thieves at
tempted to enter one morning in Novem
ber, and mortally wounded, of which
wound he died on the twenty-fifth of
No ember.
Criminal Court.— In this court, Planch
ard Kraemcr, of counsel tor Guillaume
Wattigny (William Wainey), charged with
the murder of Gottfried Bass, on the eve
ning of the seventh of October last, on the
corner of Rampart and Congress streets,
made application to Lave the accused ad
mitted to bail. They assert:
1. The facts on record do not justify the
charge.
2. The State is unwarranted, under the
facts, in depriving him of the benefit of bail.
3. The State can not maintain, nor can
the charge of either murder or manslaugh
ter be found against the prisoner; nor can
a verdict upon either count be found by the
j ury.
4. The constitution commands the State
to give a speedy trial to the accused, and
the Attorney General can not withhold the
prisoner of said privilege unless lie allows
him to give bail.
The uiotiOu will come up before the court
for argument on the thirtieth instant.
The case of Dominick Byrne, charged
with manslaughter iu stabbing ami instant
ly killing, on the morning of August 12, on
Poydras Btreet, Pat* Brady, was fixed to
come up in the Criminal Court. Owing to
the absence of witnesses the case was post
poned a few hours.
The ease of Josephine Ray, Belle Lee and
Carrie Mitchell, charged with stealing from
Fanny Sweet Hinckley jewelry and other
goods valued at six hundred dollars, was
postponed till January 10.
Improvements.— The largo ami vacant
lot of ground on St. Charles street, between
Girod and Julia, extending through to Ca
rondelet street, exhibits signs of activity
which will niakeslumberiug people awaken
to the fact that there is life in the old land
yet. Trenches have been dug all around
the lot, and heavy brick foundations are
being laid. Just now it looks like business
there. r
The Weather.— Yesterday morning, af
ter even a late breakfast, tbe weather was
quite warm, but it grew chilly toward noon,
and rain began to fall in the evening, yet
not in such quantities as to come up to the
dignity of a shower.
"Thou Shalt Not Kill."— The saddes
reports reach us privately as to the condi
tion of the most important witness in the
Bank of New Orleans murder ease, a wit
ness who was not present at the iinal trial.
His mind is likely to be forever a wreck,
and it is sad to witness his agony hour
after hour as he fancies he sees the mur
dered man, Rainey, and starts and shrinks
from the unhappy view. This tragedy
proves to be one ol the saddest ever re
corded in the annals of New Orleans, and
the families plunged in ruin and desolation
are not the saddest of the results.
Fire.— About twelve o'clock last night an
alarm ef fire was struck at the corner of
Poydras and Baronue streets, by Officer
Gautier. The file department turned out
iu good time. The alarm was caused by a
fire iu the furniture shop of Mr. A. Wolf,
corner of Poydras and Basin streets. Hie
loss was light. Mr. Wolf was insured for
$2500. The building, which belongs to Mr.
Monteau, was not insured.
A Permanent Investment.— Frank Her
man, learning nothing by the experience
of others, entered a house of prostitution,
No. 10G Dryades street, last^-vening about
seven o'clock. When he came out lie did
not take along the seven hundred dollars
which he entered with, ami now he naturally
declares he was robbed.
Mis. Victoria Woodliull Tennessee Clafiin
lias gone into court, humbly complaining
that her faithless father and meddlesome
mother are, and have always been, a source
of everlasting annoyance to her delicate
sensibilities. She prays that they may lie
brought up on a writ of forcible entry and
unlawful detainer, tints giving evidence
that when women go after their rights there
is no telling where they may stop.
We copy the subjoined paragraph from
the Vicksburg Times:
Colonel E. 1>. Frost, who for many years
has so ably tilled the position of general
superintendent of the Mississippi Central
raiiroad, has been appointed general super
intendent of the New Orleans, Jackson and
Great Northern road, in place of Colonel
Rewall, resigned, to take efleet January 1.
This places the entire line of railroad from
iuiuboldt to New Orleans under the super
-gion of one of the shrewdest business men
d ablest railroad managers iu the South.
NEW BOOKS.
"A Noble Woman" is the name of the
new novel written by Mrs. Ann S. Ste
phens, and just published by T. B. Peter
son Brothers, Philadelphia. Its pages
are replete with incidents of absorbing in
terest, and her admirers will read it with
avidity and with a zest which would indi
cate that the freshness and interest of each
ot her new novels are still as potent us
were her earliest productions. The leading
characters are carried through a series of
exciting adventures, all of which are nar
rated and drawn out with such ingenuity
that the readers attention is kept on a ten
sion ot interest irom the opening page to
the close of the volume. This is the great
secret ot Mr. Stephens' success—herreaders
can not get out of her^induence. She does
not iatigue them with the subtleties of
metaphysics or philosophy. She gives you
a thrilling 6tory, pure and simple, sensa
tional if you please, and she leaves the
whole affair in the hands of her readers,
feeling quite secure of a favorable verdict
on every new emanation from her pen. "A
Noble Woman" will prove to be the most
popular novel that she has ever written. It
is issued in a large duodecimo volume, and
sold by all booksellers at the low price of
$1 75 in cloth, or $1 50 in paper cover: or
copies will be sent by mail to any place,
post-paid, by the publishers, on receipt of
the price of the work in a letter to them.
For sale in New Orleans by George Eliis
1 Brother, No. 82 Camp street.
The ^'ity Hull.
The ordinance proposed bv tlie interest
of Charles Morgan will be the subject of
deliberation in the Council to-day.
Probably a map tbe most exact of the
city and environs that has been seen yet.
has been executed by City Surveyor Bell*
and is now hung up in the office of the Ad
ministrator of Improvements.
Interest about the Hall is just now cen
tered iu the payment of taxes.
Administrator Lewis on Tuesday night
was busy in getting up bunds for cab and
hackmen arrested for violating the city
ordinance, common to all cities in the
world, requiring them to post tlieir tariff
rates in a conspicuous place. The cabmen
complain that the tariff has been shelved so
long that they were under the impression
it was dead and in its grave. What has
become of the ordinance about the weight
of bread The same excuse on the part of
the bakers would be in order, iu case a de
scent was made upon them.
About the City Hall a silence almost ab
solute now reigns. Even the payment of
licenses, which hud got to be a routine, has
subsided into a few straggling payments,
scarcely sufficient to keep busy tbe clerks.
Tbe decision of the Committee of Fifty
One assembled is looked for in a few days'
as, like an army in battle, tbe pickets Lave
been driven in and the hosts are forming in
line preparatory to the development of ac
tion. Reports presented to their scouts,
who Lave come "charging," are voluminous.
A maze of figures in columns and by sec
tions have been marshaled on "long rolls,'*
and, whether dictated by curiosity, by a
spirit of investigation, or iu the querulous
motive of finding fault, all questions have
been met with written replies. As tbe com
mittees have called singly or accompanied
with experts, tbe obliging deputies Lave
banded them around among ponderous
volumes and made things efrar by putting
the thumb nail upon it. Surprise was
plainly seen in the citizens at the complica
tion of the city machine.
Where they looked for a simple joint,
they found a ball and socket movement:
and where they expected pi in sailing, they
were obliged to take a track no complete
navigator could make cl< ,vr. They were
prepared to find sinecures—they found over
worked men they came full of their own
plans for city improvement—they ioiind
themselves anticipated. Not one suggestion
was made, unless on a few trilies that are
periodically complained of. while others are
let alone on the principle of "straining at a
gnat and swallowing a camel." Perhaps
the suggestions were not set up because,
like a judge, they reserved their decision,
and lo tell what was on tbe mind would
proclaim it. The citizens made none, for
whatever reason, and hence tbe ultimate
ultimatum is all the more eagerly expected.
That their woxk Las been hard is admitted;
all tbe Larder because tbe task was entered
upon without knuwiug what it was, and
they sailed for an unknown land.
Dot at the Varieties.
John E. Owens, as Caleb Plummer, at tlie
Varieties Theatre, is an event worthy of
our Christmas holidays, lie is supported
by a good company, and tbe piece is put
upon a stage unsurpassed in this country,
if not in tbe world, for artistic effects. SPl\
Owens introduced the incomparably good
old Caleb Plummer to a New Orleans
audience several years ago, and lie lias had
many imitators since, but none that lent
the character the irresistible charm im
parted to it by him. This conception of
the master limner of household scenes, iu
tbe bands of one of the leading artists of
tlie times, and enacted iu aa unrivaled
theatre, is an event in the history of our
drama. Ami though poor olil Caleb is tbe
chief attraction in whom centres tLe chief
attraction of the drama, there is not a
really inferior one in the play. Honest old
John Perybiue/le is the embodiment of honor
and pride without vanity: his little wife.
Dot, a pattern of domestic virtue and
affection; poor Bertha, tbe blind daughter
of tbe toy maker, invokes our pity, while
old Mrs. Inditjo excites our risibles by her
constant references to a former condition of
better fortune, before that unfortunate
speculation. Fora lively slattern, who is
not disposed to be overlooked, commend us
to Tillie Blvteboy, especially when slip re
counts the history ot her "love, who is a
Bailor boy, only nineteen years old." But
no description of "Dot" will satisfy, It
must be seen to be understood, and can
onlv be seen at the Varieties.
Ministers of the gospel are cordially in
vited, free of charge, to visit the museum,
caravan and menagerie ol Old John Robin
son, on Tivoli circle.
Iu tbe United States Senate, on the
twenty-first instant, Mr. Kellogg presented
tbe memorial of Samuel Jamison, of New
Orleans, praying compensation for property
taken possession of by order of Major Gen
eral Butler while commanding tbe military
forces at New Orleans, Louisiana, which
was referred to the committee on claims.
An exchange says: Aleck Stephens is of
opinion tlitft a definite assortment of prin
ciples should be selected by a national con
vention to be held this winter. Aleck may
yearn for an assortment, but the rank aud
file of the party will stick to tlio old tradi
tional beverage of the cross roads.
THE COL'UTS.
A libel against the schooner Atwood by
the United States, for the sum of $54,510,
iias been tiled in the United States District
Court. The penalty is due, as the libel re
cites, for bringing into this port, from Cuba,
luerebandise valued as above, without hav
ing a manifest on board of hereargo; where
fore the schooner became liable, by the
laws. Another libel was against the goods
brought, consisting of 19 cases cigars, 250
eases cognac, 10 quarter-pipes rum, 20 quar
ter-pipes rum, CO quarter-pipes gin. 40
eighth-pipes gin, 15 quarter pipes brandy,
.38 pipes brandy.
Before United States Commissioner Wel
ler. tbe case of the prisoners from tbe parish
of Grant was again continued on account of
tlie absence of witnesses.
In tlie suit waged by tbe Louisiana State
Lottery Company against Desangles and
Alzar, Vendors of Havana lottery tickets,
the company set up that the defendants
had no right to sell tbe tickets, as they had
the exclusive privilege. By a writ of se
questration prayed for by tlie company, the
Sheriff seized, on board the steamship Yazoo,
over $10,000, in Havana lottery tickets, anil
now bolds them in possession. Tlie property
lias not, at last accounts, been bonded, tlie
defendants being engaged in limiting up
up the proper authorities. Tlie w rit eatue
from the Sixth District Court.
AMUSEMENTS.
Arademy of Muslr.
Tlie Mother Goose matinee yes
terday was quite a success for tbe
first attempt at a Wednesday mat
inee. Last night the pantomime of
"Mother Goose" was repeated, and it will
be repeated again this evening, ending in
tbe grand anil beautiful transformation
scene. The Moe brothers, as skaters, and
tbe ballet corps add to tbe novelty and
charms of the entertainments. The panto
mime ends this week. Mrs. F. S. Chanfrau
enters on an engagement next Monday.
Varieties Theatre.
The regular Wednesday matinee yesterday
was pretty well attended, anil so was the
"Dot" performance last evening. Mr. John E.
Owens as Caleb Plummer will appear again
this evening in "Dot." the great dramatiza
tion of Dickens'celebrated Christmas story.
This excellent play runs well anil draws
well.
St.j Charles Theatre..
Miss Lucille Western as Lady Isabel anil
Madame Vine, in tbe drama of "East
Lynne," lias attracted large audiences at
the St. Charles Theatre during the past
three nights. This evening she will appear
iu the dramatization of Dickens' story of
"Oliver Twist," a play iu which she lias
acquired much popularity with New Or
leans audiences. To marrow evening,
benefit of Miss Western.
The Opera House.
This evening, the first night of Gounod's
grand opera of "Fails'," which has almost
invariably brought out brilliant audiences.
Next Saturday, at twelve o'clock, tbe sec
ond Saturday m.itiuee of the season.
Masonic Hall.
Satsuma's royal Japanese troupe still
forms an attraction at Masonic Hall, which
it is impossible for youthful people to re
sist. and a plenty of older beads are puz
zled to know bow the Japs do it. The usual
entertainment this evening.
Tivoli Clrele.
Old John Robinson's famous grand mam
moth three-tent show, combining menagerie,
museum, caravan and circus, is still the
great centre of attraction at Tivoli circle.
Thousands wenil tlu-ir way to these tents
for tlie matinee exhibitions, and they are
all provided with seats. The time to go in
and see tbe animals is at half-past ten
o'clock in the morning and at half past six
o'clock in tin- evening. The circus closes
this week.
The Temperature.
The thermometer at Louis Frigerio's,
No. 50 Chartres street, yesterday stood as
follows: At 8 A. M.,61 at 2 P. M.. G2-: at
6 1*. M., 57-. Lowest point during tlie
night of December 2G, ol Rain one-tenth
of an inch.
U. A. I).—At the adjourned annual ses
sion of the Grand Grove of the State ot
Louisiana. United Ancient Order of Druids,
held on Saturday evening, twenty-third
instant, at Hermitage Hull. Tchnupitonlas
street, tbe following named gentlemen were
unanimously elected to serve for the term
ending June, 1 n 3. viz: J. M. Weiuiann. X.
G. A.; Val. Fuchs. I). G. A.: M. O. Law
rence, Grand Secretary: J. Reich, Grand
Treasurer; II. Birrclier. Grand Marshal; I>.
Simon. Grand I. G Chailes Engel. Grand
O. G. And at tlie same session. P. X. G. A.
George H. Pabst, and P. X. G. A. R. II
Schmidt were unanimously chosen repre
sentatives to tbe Grand Grove of tlie United
States, which meets in annual session iu
Richmond, Virginia, in August, 1>72—the
former for the long term, and tlie latter for
the short term.
Next Monday night, tbe first of January,
tbe Cowbellion I)e Rakin Society will cele
brate tlieir forty-first anniversary at Mobile,
and next Saturday night tlie Strikers cele
brate their twenty-ninth and the T. D. S.
their twcnty-seventli anniversaries. Tbe
street pageants and displays of these socie
ties are unequaled in this country, except
in New Orleans, and are only excelled by
tbe carnivals of Venice and Rome.
Tbe Illinois Central railroad sells excur
sion tickets from Chicago to Mobile and re
turn for $32 50, anil to New Orleans and re
turn, via Mobile, for $34 75. Return tickets
will be good until Januarv 10, inclusive.
Instead of throwing money away on toys
or trinkets, buy for your daughters a Grover
Baker sewing machine.
If you want to be entertained, instructed
and amused for an hour or two, go to Old
John Robinson's menagerie and circus.
Methodist Episropal t'lmrcli South—Lou
isiana Annunl Conference.
[From tLe Monroe Telegraph.]
This body of ministers and laymen, num
bering about one hundred, will convene in
this place on Wednesday. January 3, 187-J.
This is tbe first time air ecclesiastical
body of more than local importance has
ever assembled here, aud it is an evidence
of tlie growing consequence of our city
and the bope which its prosperity inspires
abroad. Beside the members of tbe. body,
a number of distinguished visitors from
other States are expected, and doubtless,
as line an array of talent will be assembled
as upon any occasion in this State within
tbe last ill cade. To most ot our people, a
deliberative body of such dimensions, dis
cussing ecclesiastical affairs of the most
numerous body of Christians i:i this coun
try, will present a .'Cene of lively interest.
An opportunity is given to inspect tbe
practical workings of a system that has its
outposts in every quarter of tbe inhabita
ble globe.__' __
Grand monster matiner s all this wei k,
and the usual night pcrforiuunc s at Tivoli
circle.
A Washington special to the Chicago
Tribune says:
The Postmaster General, a short time
since, received a letter from Senator Har
lan, saying lie had information that an effort
was making to remove the postmaster at
Storm Lake, Louisiana, and appoint tbe
editor of tbe Storm Lake Pilot, because be
bad declared for Mr. Allison for United
States Senator. Mr. Harlan further said be
could not believe tbe member from that
district would sanction a change for such a
reason, anil be, therefore, requested the
Postmaster General to suspend action m
tbe matter, and allow further investigation.
Tlie salary of this office iu 1870 was twelve
dollars.
Crowded houses at the circus and me
nagerie of Old John Robinson, at evc-rj ex
hibition. Matinees all this week.
ON C'AJtONDKLET -STREET.
For the past three days city certificates
of appropriation have been the main object
of acquisition by brokers upon tlie street,
who, iu turn, have some "friend," as tlieir
coherents are called, that knows where a
license-payer lies in waiting for the proper
amount, that the documents may find tlieir
way across the Administrator's counter.
The license-payer never looks for the certifi
cates with his own eyes; he always hires his
spectacles and has to pay for them. He
uow makes in the purchase of certificates
about ten cents on tbe dollar at the outside,
and even counts liis gains less. For the
past month it lias been published that these
obligations would be received about this
time for taxes; lie has not noticed it. He
could have bought them for seventy-five
cents ou the dollar, but he forbore,
hoping agaiu't hope, that the great amount
of "cuss words" used against the license
ordinance would either abrogate, postpone,
modify or cause a commencement exercise
on some other class than his own. Neither
of these lias been the case. So he pays a
broker with an office who gets a broker
without an office to bunt up tbe certificates;
aud the money being paid, or tbe notes
drawn, tbe certificate goes whence it
cometh—back into tbe hall again. These
documents have been on a steady rise for
sixty days, and are now quoted anywhere
between 87 H and 90 cents.
Tbe majority of stocks have gone back
to tlieir original skeletons. Just as a
human subject, when his spirits get low,
his diet necessarily "too thin," his appetite
undemonstrative, and his income not
enough to buy a gangway plank when
steamboats are selling for a dime, finds
bis flesh melting from bis bones,
and tbe frame in which he lives be
comes apparent; so we find tbe stocks,
that lived and moved upon speculation'
dwindling down when the scarcity of money
has killed it off'. The twin corners have
become tbe stamping ground of politicians,
and politics form tbe subject of conversa
tion much more often than these old masters
of the street.
The operations in Levee are not large.
Tbe stock is wortli from $3 to $3 25, now
that tbe new order lias gone thoroughly
into operation, tbe new directors organized
and the new plan set up. As to the busi
ness done in it, there is little doing any
where.
The Ship l-land Canal Company is begin
ning to lift from tlie slough into which it
had been so long buried. A bill has been
drawn. It is to be filed in one of tbe dis
trict courts, and tbe old game of cross-firing
will probably commence again, this time
between the Mississippi and Mexican Gulf
aud its rival. Tbe stock lias not yet come
out again.
Tbe stringency of money will probably
shorten tax receipts much more than on
tbe previous year. By those gentlemen
who may be called "tax brokers." and
whose business consists in volunteering to
pay taxes and take it off the bands for a
consideration, we are informed that tax
payers say, "I haven't got the money," and
being told of tbe consequence of a non
payment that "it will go to court and costs
be added," answer, "1 can't help it." Such
has been the course for some time past, and
good merchants in fair standing have even
let the taxes go as far as the Sheriff's office
before settling. But even now the money
is coming slowly back to stick, not to
be sent into the country again. And as
the pressure lightens the difficulty lessens
of paying taxes. Tbe calls from the coun
try come for small change, notes under live
dollars, but not as before for large amounts
of money. Christmas time is tin- period for
w inding up business with the farm bands,
and small change is better in demand.
The cotton market lias leased to make
much of an impression upon tlie tinu s.
Buying and selling seems to have settled
down into a joy. Receipts are beginning
to come in so last as to till up the gap be
tween die total arrivals to date this year
and tlie same last year. This ^Hidden in
crease over the average may be owing not
to a change of the general run. but to a j
sudden bent, and may not show a con
tinued series of large arrivals any more j
than "one swallow makes a summer." The
total arrivals since August 31 is. we bear,
about 390,000 bales, a decrease from last
year, but it tbe late receipts "come in a
body," tlie space will soon be bridged. Yes
terday's business showed pretty fair rates
ruled as on the previous day. Exceptions,
however, are lounil where factors have re
duced from previous quotations, out no
general let down.
There were no sales at tbe Board of
Brokers last evening. The offerings aud
bids were as follows:
Asked. Bid.
Gold............................... H'9 7i 109
American halves....................D>7k
Teutonia Fational Bank.......... 120 00
New Orleans National Banking
Association... 38 75
Mechanics and Traders' Bank.... 35 75
Bank of America....................175 ou
'anal Bank........................ 110 n
Hibernia Bank.................... 135 50
New Orleans, Jackson and Great
Northern Railroad Company.. G 0 i 5 25
Carrollton Railroad.............. I2o 00
Crescent City Railroad Company 72 fin-
Louisiana Lottery Company...... 07 50
Louisiana Levee Company...... f»o 3 12'-;
Ammonia Propelling Company... 21 on 20 oo
Canal and Claiborne Railroad
first mortgage bonds.......... 8"
Louisiana sixes, 1870............ 56
Louisiana eights, levee bonds of
Louisiana State warrants........ 5'*
City certificates of appropriation. J-
General Sickles.
A Washington special to tlie Louisville
o uricr-Joitrnal says:
It is among the political gossip here with
quite prominent officials that, notwithstand
ing the denials of General Sickles, his mis
sion to this country is in reality to lay cer
tain negotiations before the President and
cabinet for the purchase of Cuba by the
United States. There is no doubt that such
negotiations were tin* subject of a corre
spondence while General Prim was living,
hut whether they have been renewed or not
is unknown. The story is given for what it
is worth.
Crowds daily increasing at Tivoli circle.
Old John Robinson, the popular showman
for tlie holidays.
In reference to some remark l<y a Xevv
Orleans pa per. the Baton Bottle Ouzelle and
Comet says:
We should like to know what General
Etnorv or any other army officer has to do
with the civil affairs id the State that such
If real uneasiness should he manifested. For
some time past its territory has been under
the control of civil law. and it there is any
necessity for military interference. we of tlie
country parishes know nothing of it.
AH the little hoys and girls have been
saving tlieir money to go to Old John Ilob
inson's circus and menagerie during the
holidays.
The Best ou all Holiday Presents.— A
Grover Baker sewing machine.
Come away, let us go to Old John Kobiu
fcon's big show, on Tivoli circle. We can
go either to the matinee or night perfonn'
auce, for he gives both all this week.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Orlenoo Club.—Tlie officers and members rf
this club are hereby respectfully requested to at
tend a meeting to be held THIS EVENING, Decem
ber 28, at 6ix o'clock, at their hall, corner of
Tchoupitoulas and Fourth streets. Business of
importance will be transacted.
By order of the President.
de28 It* CHARLES ENGEL, Secretary.
Office of i be l*afayette Fire I insurance
Company, New Orleans, December 27^1371.—An
election tor twenty five directors of this coni{*anv,
to serve the ensuing year, will be held at the office
of the company, corner i»f St. Andiew and Maga
zine streets, on TUESDAY, the ninth day of Jan
uary. 1872, from 9 A. M. to 5 1*. M.
dc28 td LOUIS MATHIS, Secretary.
Office of the I^ouiwiana State lottery
Company, December 28, 1871 —Tlie stork books of
this company will he closed on SATURDAY, tbe
thirtieth day of December, 1871, until the tenth
day of January. 1872, ai d no transfer of stock will
be allowed during that time.
By order of the Board. H. PERALTA,
dc28 3t Secretary.
nail of Pelican Hook and ladder Fire
Company No. 4. New Orleans, December 26, 1871.—
At the regular annual meeting of this company,
held on the above date, the following gentlemen
were elected officers, to serve for the ensuing year:
President. Leon Sertoli.*
Vice President, Francis Rawle.
Foreman, Paul Lecoiut.*
First Ass.stant Foreman, A. Dorrin.*
Second Assistant Foreman, J. Witeben.
Secretary, Charles K. Lelies.*
Treasurer, R. L. Macmurdo.*
Warren, Cha» lrs Saugez.
Marshal. L. Bonny.*
Assistant Marshal, P. McIntyre.*
Delegates to the Firemen's" Charitable Associa
tion. L. Bertoli P. McIntyre, F. Rawle."
Substitute Delegates to the Firemen's Charitable
Association, T. Buike, P. Ford, J. Macheca, Jr.
Re-elected.
de28 It CHARLES E. LENES. Seoretarv.
Notice.—New Orleans Credit Fourier Associa
tion, office No. 46 old Levee street, New Orleans.
December 26, 1871.— Subscribers to the capital
stock of this company are hereby notified that the
first installment of Yen per cent shall la- due. paya
ble at the office of the company, on WEDNESDAY,
Januarv 10, 1872.
By order of the Board of Directors.
dc27 I in A. HAL 1 LET. Secretary.
Notice.—New Orleans Credit Foneier Associa
tion, office No. 46 Old Levee street, New Orleans,
Dect mber 26, 1371.—The public is hereby in
formed that this association is now ready for busi
n-ss. We call the attention of property holders
who w'ie.fi to offer lots of ground for sale, and those
who desire to have bouses built, tocail at our office.
Those that have not yet subscribed wi.l find the
subscription book at the office or the association.
J. A. FERNANDEZ, President.
A. Sai lkt. Secretary. dc27 Ini
Notice to C'on^ltrneew.—The German steam
ship VANDALIA, Captain Fiauzeu, from Hamburg
via Havre, Santander and Havana, has arrived, and
will commence discharging her cargoat her wharf,
Post No. 39, Fourth District, on TUESDAY, the
tvrent>-sixth instant. Consignees are requestedt*f
make their cut ries at ti e Customhouse as soon as
possible, pay their freight bill at this office, and at
tend promptly to the receipt of their goods on the
levee, otherwise they will be stored at their risk
and expense. No e.aims will be allowed after
goods have left the levee.
WILLIAMS, RUPFRTI A: CO.,
dc24 3t No. 180 Common street.
Hunk of America* New Orleans* Decem
ber 21. 1871.—At an election held yesterday tlie fol
lowing named gentlemen were duly elected direc
tors t<» serve the ensuing
AM. FORTIER,
C. J. LEEDS.
J. J. FERNANDEZ
J. I. A DA MV
J. SCHKR< K
D. BOULIGNY.
GUSTAV
W. B. SCIIM1DT,
D. FAT Jo.
F W. TILTON,
M. PU1G.
ANT. GIIMUD.
A. C. HUCHINSON,
MILTENBERGKK.
And at a meeting of the board held this day. Mr
AM. FORTIER was uuanimouslv re-elected presi
dent. J. E. PASCAL, Cashier.
de23 8t
nrondelet streft m.if Carrollton City
Railroad Company, Office No. 12 CaromleJet street.
New Orleans, December 23 1871.—Subscribers to
the capita! stock of this company are hereby
notified that the ninth installment ot ten per
cent will be due. payable at tlie office of the
company... on TUESDAY, Januarv 2, 1872.
By order of tlie Board of Directors.
d*-23 b»t CHARLES W. SQUIRES, Secretary.
I* tlie iiii«!er*i*?nec{, do hereby revoke by
these presents all power of attorney given in favor
of Mr. Fan! Knoub Livaudais from this date, as per
act passed before Charles V. Foulon. cii ti e twen
ty first instant. ALB. K. HOA.
N. w Orleans, December 21, 1971. *1**22 27.ja3
Notice to Stockholders.—Office of the New*
Orleans Gaslight Company. December 2<*. 1871.—
At a ineetiug of the Board of Directors ot this com
pany. held o i the nineteenth instant, a dividend
was declared of six dollars per share, from the
profits ot the last six months, payab e on and after
the eleventh of January next. The transfer books
will be closed from the first to the tenth of Jan
uarv, inclusive.
de2! Ini WILLIAM S. BROWN Treasurer.
Curondelet Street anil Carrollton City
Railroad Company, office No. 12 Carondelet street.
New Orleans. December 18. 1871.—An election
lor seven Directors of this company, to serve the
ensuing year, will be held at the' office of tlie
eompanv, on TUESDAY, ti e second dav ««f Januarv,
1 72, inlin In A. M. to 3 P M., the M>T Monday in
January, fixed by the charter, being a day of public
del9 td
'I1ARLFS W. Sud'IRFS. Secretary.
.Metropolitan Conn, Saving-* and Pledge
Bunk. No. 14 Camp street, under City Ho
tel, New Orleans, D. cumber 8 17!. At a me* t
ing ot the Boaid of Directors, 1: Id tlnsday, a divi
dend of FIVE PER i LX r was d- elated out of the
net earnings ot tin* institution lorthe three months
terminating Noveiubci 3«h 1871.
d> 9 end I iii T. l>. v an HORN. Cashier.
ISiberiiiii Hunk—New Orleans, December 14.
1871.—Tbe annual election for twelve directors, To
serve during the ensuing year, will be hejd at this
bank, on MONDAY, Januarv 15, 1872, between the
hears of 10 A. M. ami 2 P. M
dt-15 lm JAMES J. TARLKTON, Cashier.
Tlie "Terrebonne Patriot**' Published
at Houma, Louisiana, is me of the best advertis
ing m» diums in Southern Louisiana. de!3 ly
New Orlenn* .Merchant* should Adver
tise in the TERREBONNE PATRIOT, Houma. Loui
siana; it will pay. de!3 ly
Tlie l.oui«inim National Hank, New Or
leans. December 9, 1871.—The annual elcetion for
Directors to serve tne ensuing year will be held at
the banking house on TUESDAY. January 9, 1872,
between the hours of 10 A. M. and 2 P. M.
delO td A. LUKIA, Cashier.
Office New Orlennn Credit Fierier An
social ion, New Orleans, November 29, 1871.—At a
regular meeting of this association, held at this
date, the following gentlemen were elected officers:
President, J. A. Fernandez; Secretary, Alford Sau
h--t. cp'6 lm
Notice*—Stockholders of the Cuba and Louisiana
Mining and Paving Company are hereby notified
that an election for directors will be held at the
office of the company. No. 13 M. Charles street, ou
Monday, January i, 1872, from twelve to two o'clock.
de5 J. R. HASTINGS, Secretary.
Hntrhelor*M Hair Dye*—This supero hair
dye is the best iu the world—perfectly harmless,
reliable and instantaneous; no disappointment; no
ridieiilous t'nts or disagreeable odor. The genuine
William A. Batchelor's hair dye produces immedi
ately a splendid black or natutal brown; leaves
the hair clean, soft, beautiful; dots not con
tain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all druggists. Factory, No. lt> Bond street,
New York. jy!3 ly
W
POUND NOTICES,
Pefaktxknt i-p Police,
y. w Orleans, I)«'oemlK'r 2<i, 1K7I. i
KRK BRorOHT TO THK THlltll liISTIilt'T
Pound, corner of Morales ami Union
StleetB—
One I'• sv HORSE, white star on tin* foreli*'id.
One Ulaek UotV, spotted wiiitc.on t.r.l and stom
ach.
One Will c and Black Spotted UU\V.
One Yellow UOW.
one Yellow CAI.F.
Winch, if not claimed within five days, and the
expenses thereon paid, will lie sold nt )>nldic
auction at said found, on TUKsUAY, the second
dav of Januarv,
JAMES LEWIS.
No. In*—deZo td Administrator.
____OFFICIAL NOTICES.
SALE OF 3IARKET REVENUES.
Pkpaktmknt «>f Commprck,
New Orleans. December 25, 1871. j
WILL BE SOLD FOR CASH AT PUBLIC AUC
lion. on SATl'KDAY the tbittieth instant, at
twelve o'clock M., in the Mayor's Parlor, City Hal!,
the revenues of tire public markets for the mouth
of January, 1872.
The lessees will he required to conform to all tlie
city ordinances relating to markets, ami will have
the privilege of collecting the revenue according
to ordinance No. 737. as amended.
Accepted bidders will be required to make a de
posit of one hundred and fifty dollar.-, in cash for
each market at the time of sale, which shall he
feited t*» the city in case of failure to complete
th
Tlse city rt
offers.
Bids to be
de27 4t
i*s the right
i t any and all
i currency.
F. UK MICK,
Administrator Cotnmei
NOTICE.
UxtTF.n Ntatfs Land Offick, i
New Orleans, November 2H, lb*l. J
fOMPLAINT HA VINO BEEN ENTERED AT THIS
J ufiite l,y Joseph Estrat against Thomas Pink
ney and Alexan'ler,Johnson tor ahari'innina their
homestead i tries, numbers six hundred and sixty
and five hundred and forty-six. dated March 19 anil
Uet.ruaryl.tab9, upon the east half of northeast
<|V.arter section nineteen, aud west h df of north
west quarter section twenty, township number
ei^ht south, ranee number thirteen cast, in St.
Tammany parish. Louisiana, with a view to the
cancellation ot said entries, the sai l parties are
hereby summoned to appear at tins ottice on tlie
twenty-ninth day of December, 1ST1, at one o'clock
P. M.,to respond and furnish testimony concern
ing said alleged abandonment.
CHARLES BARNARD, Register.
W. B. HYATT, KcjAyvi.
eo 23 ivy
_____0FFI0ML NOTICES
Mayoralty of New Orleans,
City Hall, December 27, 1871. 5
[No. 1274—Administration Serbs.]
An ordinance for the settlement of the aeeoui.tffof
the city of New Orleans with the city pars
commissioners.
Section 1. Beit ordained by the Council of the
city of New Orleans. That the sum of $25.0f<0 be
and is hereby appropriated to tlie board cf commis
sion* rs of tlie city park on account of collections
made during the ears 1870 ami 1871, of assess
ments pi.-\ able iu 1870.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained, etc. That tlie
Mayor and Administrator of Finance Reauthorized
ami directed to settle with the park commissioners
for all p4»k tax actually collected upon assess
ments payable in 1870, and not heretofore trans
ferred to said c nnmissioners; and also for an
amount equal to one-sixteenth of the total of the
net collection of taxes, at the rate of two*per cent,
made by the city on the assessment rolls of 1870,
payable iu 1871. this being understood to be the
amount which would have accrued to the^uik
commissioners it the one-eighth per cent nfess
mentin their favor had been collected amrwgu
larly turned over to them wl en collected; pro
vided, however, that there be deducted from this
latter sum the amount of diainag** tax due ou the
park property, amounting To $36 897 85; and pro
vided I'm ther, that the settlement contemplated in
this ordinance shall be made in recognition of the
debt by certificates, uudei oidinanee No. 882, Ad
ministration series.
Adopted by the Council of tlie city of New Or
leans, November 29, 1871.
Yeas: Coekrem, Shaw. Dclaesize, Reiuick, Lewis,
Walton, Bonzano.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
11. CoNqrK«T Clarke, Secretary. de28 It
Mayoralty <>f Nkw Oklkans. i
City Hall. December 2'
1871. S
[No. 1275— Administration Seric
i
An ordinance providing tor the payment of the
6cverai accounts therein named.
Be it ordained. That the following app
opriatior.s
he and are hereby mad**, and that tic* A Imimstra
tor oi Public Accounts warrant on the A
lmimstra
tor ot Finance in pa\ nient of the same;
BUREAU OF STREETS.
William Golding, crossing plates. Chart
s
fP*' street..................................
...$161 40
William Golding, bridge plates, Mon
au
street.................................
728 00
Total..............................
...$889 40
BUREAU OK WHARVES AND LA.VllI.'
fts.
Hei.r^Laekv. conttructiou and repair
of
lev*, cb, right bank, ou account......
hV.'O 00
BUREAU OF CITY DRAIN AUK.
William Henry, construction *»f
protection levee, Fourteenth
stieet, on account............
Hasam k Poolev. lumber......... 7- 7 4.
Charles Hoffman, building and
repairing btlikhead.......... 454
Folger hardware.......... 159
Ilasam «k Pooler, lumber......... 675
4 '75 f.O
Total................................
*6465 20
Adopted hv tlie Council of tlie city of New Or
leans, December 26. 1871.
Yeas: Coekrem, Shaw. Delassizr Ren:
•k. Lewis,
Walton, Bonzano.
BEN'J. F. FLASDKI.'
.Mavor.
A true copv:
It. Conquest Clarke. Secretary.
-if-23 It
Mayoralty of New
«RLEAN'S,
City Hail. December 2
7. :t7i.
[No. 1276—Administration Serit

An ordinance providing for the payment of tlie
several accounts therein man* d.
Be it ordained. That the foliowiugapp
opriations
be and an* heiebv mad**, and that the A
d:u...istni
tTot Public Accounts warrant on the A
u...: mstra
tor ot Finance in payment of the same:
Cliapskv Teetzel, card stamp. *18.
New Orleans Times, advertising tor.
•o, t merit
of Public Accounts, approved. 11 25.
N. Bam-is, jnrv warrant, s£4.°.
P. Lacoste. jnrv warrant. #123.
Ben). K Fiamiers, Mavor, tor cash ad
^.1 f. r
telegrams and cab hire tor month of
J'* noel.
47 .V).
Adopted bv the Council of tlie city
f New Or
lean*?, December 26, 1871.
lihNJ. F. FLASHED
Mavor.
A true copy:
li. Conquest Clarke, Secretary.
de28 It
Mayoralty <*p Nkw
'HI.PANS, i
C.t.v Hah, l>uci-i!:b«i z
7, !b7l. S
[No. 1277—Administiatio:. Ser
Resolved, That permission be and
s hereby
granted to Messrs. Leeds 1 to o
5*1 m*t a
plain licit railway across Delord street
foil' tli^ur
main shop to tlie opposite premises, pi«
-i tltt
said railway shall tiller no obs m
in to th*
street, and t hat this permission shu' be
levin able
at tin* wiii of the Council.
Adopted bv the Council of the c;t'
f New Or
leans. December 26. 1871.
Yeas: Coekrem, Shaw. Dtdus.?izc. Re
k Lewis,
Walton, Bon/uuo.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS
Mavor.
A true e».pv
11. Consjuk-t Clakkk. Secretary.
de28 It
Mayoralty op Nkw Ortfans.)
City Hall, Dtceiunei
1071.
|Nu. 1278— Administration Serb s
J
Resolved. That tlie proposal of John il.
Irwin, for
fiuni&hiiig li IT thousand barrels of ban
b at
tilt v five cents per barrel, and utb-ring
-.11 il V ill
the bum of ten thousand dollars. ae;»;
e to t he
Mavor and Administrator of Impioveme::
s. to. ami
ti e same is hereby accepted, and the
hivo! a ii
thorized t*» enter into contract on
.iii et the
eitv. o r n »tarial act before Tin* Cii v No'.t.
v. tor: he
t.t till'd pellorm,i;i«*e ol said c«»:n i.o t.
Adopted b\ tin* ouncii of tin* eitv
New <>r
Yeas: Cuekiein. Sh:u,\, Dt*lfiSb!ze. Re:
k, Lewis,
>'aV Walton.
BKX.I. K. FLAXbKL^
M..vor.
A trm
11. C- aukk. Secretary.
28 It
Mayoralty op Nkw
v.
ity Ha.'. December 2
5
[No. 1279— Administration Serbs
1
Resolved, That the Administiator ot
u i •■oiks
and Public Buildings cause a -arvev
I Irl-ailS
necessary to lie done ttndei the rreine:
«'ontra< t.
and submit .1 to the Council and 1 ;r»*m«
I t*
He Association; and. on it* b« .g adopt*
d. .idjmli
a:#* t he rout no t for s: :d repairs acre:
Adopted hv the Couucil Of the ctTV e
New Or
lea ns. Deeendier 26. 1871.
Yea>: Coekrem. S?»i\v. Delassize. Ren
I *wis,
Walton. Bouzano.
BKN'J. F. FLANl-;:t:<
M.'.'.or.
A true copv:
H. oygUK.sT Clarke. Secretary.
<!e'J8 It
Mayoralty op Npv.
HI V K Vs.
City Hall, December 2
i
'No. 12-0—Administration Series
1
An ordinance fixingihe iate of wharfage
and levee
dues on steamb ats and all oii.e*
l in tlie
Fourth District, with the rate i r
boats laying up lor repairs.
Be it ordained. That on and after the f
s* dav of
Januarv, 1872, the rate of whane.ge and
eve** dues
on steamb«»ats and all other craft :n t
Fourth
District shall fie the same as that el: u
-d in ihe
First. Second and Third Disfri«ts: pi
ided. that
the whailii g* r of the Fonith District tie
:th.rize<l
to allow steamboats laving nj for rep:
i s during
the months ot June, July and August
such locations as mav not be reo uied U r
shipping.
at the rate ot two dollars pei dav
r.ng said
months or anv part thereof.
Be it further ordained. That al! oid
ances or
parts ot the same conflict ing u th j
:o. -ions
of this oidinauee, be and the same
rel y it
pealed.
Adopted bv the Couneil of the ci'v m
N* w rir
leans, December 26 If71.
Aeas: Coekrem, s haw', Delasf-1/.e. K*
k. Lewis.
Walton, I'onzano.
L'KX.I. F. FJ.A:.-]»' ;s
M. or.
A true copv
II. CoN^i k-t Clakkk, Secret.irv.
H
MITKfc.
Ux itfd .Stated I.
<8 I K.
New Orleans, I»*«»-n.lu r
7 1. 1
f lOMI'LAIST HAVISO liKHX KSTEKK:
AT THIS
Vb otiiee hv J. R. (iates against James h
.'*'11 for
abaruioiiuig lii.-» homestead entry No.
il.ited
December 23, 1 !e9, u)>ou the lots on**
six. sec
t:on nine, township seven south. v g*
eleven
east. ;ii St. laiumi:v pansli, a
cancellation of said entrv. th«* -a.d i
i ties are
herefiv summoned to a *ne,ir at Tu
DM tie
t went.* th da v f januarv. 1 Tl. at
k
M.. to i i-sj>..|i-! fmuisli t,--:.v
I,, t
sa;d ala v abandonment.
«'Has. !!i::var!i
\-,.r
!;kv 4'v \V. H. HYA 1 i R.
MITK E.
Un i kp Sta k- L
N. u- ()rI,-.-i:..H. La., lo, t-ioln i

i 10.MFr.AIXT JlAVIlVO JSKK.V KSTKRF-
IT 'HIS
V_> office hv Henrv Christian K:' »-.se eg
s
rod J. Chappell tor abandon:!;- h s
H-rSt. -,*l
,-ntrv. Xo. 2»oi. ,lai,-,l FVl>tutit-\ 2

«or fractional seetion 33. tow n-.i:p
i n
west, in amcron j»arish. Lou -ma. 'v
b j,*W
o the e.tneehation ot said entrv. t..»
I D
hen by simiiiioiieii 10 appear at this
e o'. The
tn'.rt a*tji da v ol i i
spond and rni,,»h t< tiiuo :v j:,'
«;ih g»-d abandonmt i

ii.diL'r.s im::n\r;
2. laa iv.- It. ilYA l l. i;,-,.
MITK II.
F v rt k:» Stat i.
New* Orleans, December
1
lOMI'MIST JIAVlNt; jtKFX KW-
A THIS
bv Jose)»)i R. (Lutes against Cm
:.l -It.
or abandoning !ns homestead eutrv

August 1 1 n.i. upon the iot^ n 1001 s
toil: and live, section tun**, imwiviiu i.
■soutli. l.iti-'- rmnJier ,-Vveu :i
listr et. Louisiana, with a view* to t ri
tion or sc.id entrv, the saiil p;w?.v* ;n♦
noned to a{»p* ar at tiusmti -e on ;I
>t January h -J. nt o e.ock P
d
ind tiirnish t.->,;u.onv concernin'
ihaiidoumcut.
UIAl. BARN ALL
hv t \V. II llYVi
NOTICE.
At
K, NT.ATK of I. .\i
New Or leans Ltec-n.,„. j: j
rnflffi: TTiMUNt; to avail thk::- :.v-a
L the iietietits of tlie art lea-af :,o
the non payment of taxes fine iirevio
(art No. W ot 1871) shot.hi make
a'l soch taxes into the state tie,is n
V. M. of SATURDAY Nl-'.'CT, t! tl.t:! 'e-'ti et
eeinber, 1871, after vvhieh iUv ti e haul ,.et exp-.i.-s
by limitation, and tbe damages on all s K -h un't-a .1
taxes will revive, aud the payment thneoi t* en
forced. the same as it theaal-.taethad i ever pas-eit
J.iMiiS GRAHAM,
0 jOT£MLJNOTI 0 ES^
CANCELLATION OF BONO.
Executive Department,
New Oilcans, December 4 1871.
\\7HEREA8, APPLICATION h AH BEEN MADE TO
f roe for the cancellation of the official bond of
E. B. Wentz, as Sheriff in and for the parish of 8t.
James, lo wi A bond dated October 27, 1868, in the
sum of sir thousand dollars, signed by E. B. Went*
as principal, and J R. West and Mourner Garr aa
sureties, tli»* said bond b* ing condi i ned for the
faithful performance by the said E. B. Wentz of hu
turn s as Sheriff aforesaid.
Notice is hereby given to all persons interested
hi the said liond to file their objections to the can
cellation thereof in writing, in the office of the
Secretary of State, within ninety days after the
last publication hereof.
Given under my hand and the seal of the State, this
fourth day of December, A. D. 1871, and of the inde
pendence of tlie United States the ninety-sixth.
Bv the Governor: H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. Fairfax,
Assistant Secretary of State. de!4 30t
CANCELLATION OF BOND.
Statb of Louisiana,
Executive Department,
New Orleans, December 13, 1871.)
\\THEREAS, APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADE TO
f me for the cancellation of the official bond
of S. D. Moody a* Controller of Jefferson City, to
w it: A bond dated December 28, 1869, in the sum or
live thousand dfHars, signed bv S. D. Moody aa
principal and W.Wan Norden ami Edward Thomp
son as sureties; the said boud lieing conditioned for
tbe faithful performance by the said S. D. Moody
of his duties as Controller aforesaid.
Notice is hereby given to alt |iei>;ons interested in
tlie said bond to file tlieir obiections to the
cancfllation thereof, in writing, in tlie office of the
Secretary of State,within ninety days after the last
publication hereof.
Oiveu under my Land and tlie seal of the State
this thirteenth day of December A. D. 1871, and
of the independence of the United States the
ninety-sixth.
H. C. WARMOTH.
Bv the. Governor:
J. W. Fairfax, assistant Secretary of State.
del5 30t
CANCELLATION OF BOND.
Statk of Louisiana,
Executive Department,
New Orleans, December 9, 187
YV'HERR AS, APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADB
if to me tor the cancellation of the official
boiid »t K. Verrett as Sheriff in and for the parish
of Iberville, to wit: A bond dated June, 1868, in
the sum of six tnoiisand dollars, signed by K. Ver
rett as pi incipa!, and Autoine Dubuclet and John
Billings as sureties, tbe said bond being condi
tioned for the faithful performance by tne said
E. Verrett of his duties as Sheriff sforetaid—
Notice is hereby given to ail persons interested
in the said bond* to file their objections lo the
cancellation thereof in writing in tlie office of the
Secretary of State, within ninety days after the
last pumiration hereof.
Given under my hand and the sea) of the State
this ninth day of December, A. D., 1871, and of
tlie independence of the United Mates the ninety*
sixth.
By the Governor:
H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W Fairfax, Assistant Secretary oi State.
dc9 30t _
CIRCCLAK.
NkwOrlkans, December 26. 1371.
H aving been appointed superintendent
of Education for the first division, I "ive
notice that my address will be Amite City, Lou
isiana.
1 urge the secretaries of tlie si hool boards of thia
division to furnish me promptly the statements
provided for by law.
I request all persons interested in tlie cause of
education in my division to give me any informa
ti<*n in their power, especially in regard to the
establishment of new schools. Such information
will not only be thankfully received but shall
have immediate attention.
In tlie early part of the year, and frequently
tin leaf ter, 1 propose to visit and consult with all
school authorities with whom I aiu connected.
E. S. HEWITT
Superintendent of Educ ation, Fust Division,
di 27 2r
SUCCESSION NOTICES.
Notice to Creditor**.
1RKDITORS OF THE SUCCESSION OP CHARLES
j GViegan *i!l present tlieir claims to the under
signed administrator ol' said succession.
P. B. FOUKR,
Public Administrator, No. 13 jst. Charles street.
d<28ja3 7
SiicrcitNiou of ^laL'lin Bu»cbe—No. 35,122.
S ECOND I ISTRICT Col'RT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Whereas, Diedricti Busche has
petitioned the court for letters of ndministrai
tion on tlie estate of the late Martin Busche,
d*-e»*astd, intestate: Notice is hereby given to
all whom it mav concern, to show cause within
ten days, why tlie prayer of the said petitioner
should not l»e granted.
Bv order of the court.
d* 28 30 ju3 M. O. TRACY, Clerk,
tMicreaeiou of Captain Jninen A* William**.
No. 35,110.
SECOND DISTRICT COL'RT FOR THE PARISH
O of Orleans.—Whereas. Philip B. Pouke (Pub*
In Administrator) lias petitioned tin; court for
letters of administration ou the estate of the lato
Cap ain James A. Williams, deceased, intestate:
Notice is hereby given to all whom it may concern
to slow Cause within ten davs why the praver
of the said petitioner &L aUd net lie granted.
Bv order of the court.
de27 3lja3 M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
Succession ol llenry Fn^smsiti—No*30.149.
tJLUOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
O ot Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the credit*
urs ot' t his estate and to al! other persons herein
interested to show cause within ten days from the
present notification,A anv they have or can, why
the account presented by G. W. Banker, testamen
tary executor in this estate, should not be homo
logated aud approved, and the funds distributed ia
accordance th* re with.
Bv order of tlie Court.
de27 30 j:i3 M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
^iicccwmoii ol .I.iincM Nellignii— No. ;M,6Ntf,
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT fOR THE PARISH
ol Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to til©
creditors ot this estate and to all other persons
heicin iutcicsted to show cause within teu days
from the present notification, if any they have or
can. v. by the account presented hv the adininis
tratrix of this estate should n«»t he homologated
find approved, and the funds distributed in ac
coidance therewith.
R,> order of tile Court.
'b 21 25 29 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
^accession of hliznbeth l,«»n«»y. Widow of
Thomas Phnlpot—No. 35,107.
^JKCOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Whereas, Nathan E. Bailey has peti
tioned the court for letters of curatorsliip ou the
vacant estate of the late Elizabeth Loney, widowof
Thomas Pnillpot. deceased, intestate.' Notice is
hereby gi'eii to all whom it may concern, to show
cause within ten days why the prayer of the said
pet it inner should not be granted.
By order of the Court.
de28 27 ja3 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
^ucrrsMon of George L. C lapp.
]\rOTI('K HEREBY GIVEN TO ALI.Jl*ARTrES
haying claims against tin* estate of fieorge L.
Chipp. deceased to present the same to the under*
signed within thirty days from tlie date hereof,
otherwise the legacy to the minor, George Clapp
Gr** r, w ill b** paid over to his guardian, to be re
moved from the State.
EMORY CLAPP, Executor.
New Orleans. Peeemberl5, 1871. del6 4tlaw
Succession of Philip Struck—No. 31,91!).
WhCOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
O of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the cred
itors of this estaie, and to all other persons
herein interested to show cause within teu
days from the present notification, if any they have
or can, why the account- presented by th©
w illow ol the deceased in this estate, should not be
homologated and approved, and the funds dig
tributed in accordanee therewith.
Bv oilier of the ourt.
(h'21 25 29 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
SucccM*.#!! of Air*. Kli/aibeiki C'opehiud
No. 35,086.
£JF(V Nl> MS T RirT COU'.tT K«»R THE PARISH OF
f 'if-a s.—Whereas. Philip B. Foi.ke, public ad
ininist i .ttor IVuh petitioned the court tor letters of
fid ini-1 ration on 1 li* estate, o: the late Mrs.
Lli/abeih ('op*'■land. deceased, intestate. Notice is
hereby giv* ii to all whom it may concern, to show
.else within t* n days why the mayer of said j>e
titioner should not b grauteu.
Bv or 1 r «»f tin court.
d- '2 26 30 M. O. TRACY Clerk.
!*u civsiou All*. .1 cilia Ann K i ';>t~No.
35,10j.
OKroND DIM'RK T COURT FOR HK PARISH
O -*t s.— A her* as, Thomas Ilanam has*
pet -turned ti,<- coi.it p>r letters of dative tes
t'linci.iai v iroiship on the state of the lat©
•dr.-*. J'liiu A.:u knis*-, *1- ceased, intestate: Notic©
ii whom it may concern, to
days, why the prayer of
tlie s;
:se xv! j hhi
pet ii should not be granted.
y »r«l» r *1 the Court.
n 26 30 M. O. TRACY, Clerlt.
S«e«'« A. ionio Kovira—No. ;I-Y, 1 0:
^kcwN'Iii>lst::ic tcourtkok thk parish*
-ana. iti-rt as. Mis, Rlrzabetb Kovira li
I T»t: -1 lie -1 the ourt tor letters of aUniiiiist]
t o.i ou tie- '--.late ot the late Antonio Kovira, c
1 -h. n.t t :te. Notire is hereby uhven to
V* liotn f mu 'iieern, to show eanse within t
n t s. v.liv tin- piaver of the said petitioner shoe
not or (tinmen,
c "1- b r of the Court.
27 jM. O. TRACT, Clerk.
-IK fl-SsiOU
ot eh mi it t-moiii
35,104.
>M> DISTRICT COL KT FOR THK P
i nos—Whereas, Ernest H at-he hit
tor letters et' udutiuistral
s'nh- -n the late Celina Clermon
i- e. Notire ia heiebv given
•t 1 1 rt rn to show eanse with
.....I" r of ttie said petitioner
M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
nice** it* u oi Onpiir .In: ties If aim— No*
3,g55.
v DISTL U'T VOUKT FOR THK PARISH
lean.*!.— .V ficreas, Mrs. Ellen Boyd, widow
J P' nil, h.r petition'd tin*, court for
c»s «*l ailoiisi'.-tnitfiri ou the estate of the said
I n* Oac.ir Jiuini i ut.n, deceased, intestate: Notic©
teby given to 1 whom it may concern to show
within u:i Java why the prayer of the said
p» l •♦oner fth* ii Id nor be granted.
By older©: lb© 4V>;iil.
i 6v'v 'i M. O. TRACY, qjlerk.