ppp—————
THE PENINSULA FIRES.
_—___—
waa TIONATITIFER OF THE RUFFERERS.
FEE FIERY SIEGE—DESPERATE BATTLING—A
ve OF 13FB=A VISION OF QIPEN 1TFRaAL
OF CLOUD AND FIRE—FEARFUL LOSS
(PROM THE SPECIAL CORREXPUNLENT OF THE TRIBUNE]
pBrusseLs, Wis, Oct. 27.—1 have told youof a
past of the drama enacted at Peshtego, and along the
western shore. But when the fire fell upon the uubappy
people of Rosiere, who had long been in bed, reckless ee
the lurking fires which, outlined by the inky night, 81!
the air with lurid threatening, wholesale death sepile
mented the work of destruction. Covering 8 sertile
tack of clearing, the settlement ranged StrakgllnEy
over 8 mile or more of cleared and wooded eeuntry.
The first struck were Bohemians, and they are pac poe
scssed, Placid people, not easily dismayed. The E05
esting breath of the tornado warned them, at last, ry
Ge struggle was DOW an extreme one with life inst
.n were rapidly bur
ot property as tle stake. The women Ver
fred into wells and cellars, and wet blakete throws He
those Who had to seek shelter in the elearing. AS OF
s soaring Disses, undering Yke immessyrel ge a
and ovly now and then
-gets among the tree-tops, dudes
scoping down, admitted of something like
lare overspread the clearings,
at na woment a great g id
vi rere tBivg the tmprisoned wretches. Pres
ding everything from
tly hail of tire, mingled with electrical currents, fell
nd the ground in an instant was
nong the sufferers, 8
y.tered with dead. The rain, for it was a literal rain,
jeured down ap incessant stream of hot, scorching flame
wud embers that cut like burning sand, and human
Mfe withered like snow before the terrific flood. There
was no darkness now; those who had eyes to sce could
penetrate the fervid air only a step ata time with face
and neck smothered in wetted blankets, In this way afew
eool 1.eads really did escape others made for the woods,
oihers for the wells, and Detween these divergent places
of refuge many-—1o their own inexpressible amagement—
cere saved. There were those who, kneeltng devoutly,
wet death with a superstitious fortitude. There were
tiers, in whose dead Lands the ignoble savings of past
PArFImMONF lingered. Women, conscious of the terrible
dauger, actoally took time to snatch gew-gaws, which
were afterward found in their pockets. The dead fell in
¢roups the wounded, painfully crawling on hands and
knees, with faces pressed into the ground—came upon
seir dead neighbors, and with roasting flesh and naked
odie finaly drugged their forms iuto the unutterable
lef of wiwporary and timely oblivion.
After the fire fell from the tree-tope all attempt at bat
Wing or escape wae fruitless; those only survived who fled
\ar enough when tue first shafts of flame penetrated
be cieariugs. Wherever the hurricane darted its flery
»reath the air was transformed into an electric current
of fcrvid beat. In the whole conflagration, covering
bundreds of wiles, that one marvelousthing was noticed.
There cmed no beginning to the flames’ the house you
bad just stepped from, on turning to look you would find
amaes of tre; a groundswell of flame poured itself
slong the cieared bare ground. The impregnated alr
played in currents aud counter-currents with incredible
foree and velocity. One blast in the face stunued a man
to almost iustant death. There were those who, en
countering loss severe blasts, where the timber partially
broke their headway, lived lang enough to explain the
singular experience but nene of them can survive,
When the dull light of morning cawe, 4 bodies lay
withered aud breathless afnong their ruined homes. A
double darkness secmed to come with day; during the
might a rarificd atmosphere covered the clearings, ten
foid brizhter and more radiant than day; and the yel
low sunlight, breaking through clouds and blackened
,ranches, intensified the feeble contrast. The marks of
Je fire varied singularly; in some cases the victims
were found with patches of flesh stripped off to the bone,
in others an uneartuly pallor had followed the fiery
breath, as though the blood had dried up in the flerce
heat and the cuticle bicached to a leper-like transparent
parchment. In other faces, the glaring eyce and in"
flamed checks seemed to have reflected the coloring of
the tempest. Even the wells did not guarantee protec
tion the flames shot down in elender darts, and literally
pried the huddled masses. Hollow and house-top were
alike to the whirling Lurricane, and life was scoure ouly
bs an accident. Some of the corpses were headless; the
light hair, catching the swaying currents, wonld'burn to
the scalp, and never stop till the neck was eaten away.
Bome lay with the limbs eaten to the untouched bodies,
hideous trunks, naked and scorched beyond recognition.
Others lay unscarred, smiling, with gentleeyes upturned
to the lowering heavens, while others again, with dread
fully-burned arms and lege, thrust their parched mouths
deep into the sand, aud smothered in the raging sea of
fire.
Most of the dead as far up as Drusscls were grown
people, generally meu. Eome women and children were
so recosuized, but there are probably 100 that never
un be accounted for. The good priest was spared to his
ifMicted people, and, on the morning when every house
tn the settlement lay in aches, he came to minister to the
tiving and prepare the dead for Christiun sepulture.
sontinually immersed in their own pursuits, and mor
pidly clannish, these Bolemians, Norwegians, and
Belgians know little of tLe language of the land;
aud when they gathered tearlessly about their ruined
Romes, they had ro idca of how they were to still con”
tinue the struggle for life. That weary day, with the
stark forme of their dead stretched among the ashes of
the remuant of thelr hamlet, they hovered about the
fisastrons place. The calamity had been so wide-spread
that nelzhbors had no time for the idle show of grief’
but as the day wore on tle eharp ring of axes in the
woods was heard clearing a way, and in time the fam
ghed horde, who had passed the day in hunger, found
that abundant sympathy and assistance were ready to
shower upon them. It is eald that they shook their
heads iu dazed incredubty when the actual prof
fer was made known, and that in time hope came
to lighten the burden of their grief and set them on the
way to rehabilitate their homes and acres. There has
peen and is now little time for mourning or funeral
demonstrations in these ruined townships scarcely any
tamily has escaped intact, so the dead are placed quietly
sway, and the sad business of life comes on with the
game bustle and turmoil as before. Not, however, it
must be, with the same parsimony and self-seeking; for
the gracious deeds that have been done this people must
open their hearts to a nobler life than is filled by hoard
Ing and toil. TLe beneficent charity so freely and cor
dially showered should bless those who receive as well
a8 those who give.
There cawe oue, after the Rosiere fire, who found time
to mourn tle dead. A brave and hearty Norwegian
woman came on the cars to Green Bay, on Monday, and,
confidently placing the address of her husband in a citi
en's Land, explained as well as she could that she
wanted to be directea to the place. The name written
on the slip bad appeared among the list burned to death
at Rosiere. By the aid of a countrymen the dreadful
truth was told the poor wife; but she shook ber head in
bitter incredulity, showing a letter of recent date from
the dead hushand. The fact of her widowhood was
fivally credited, but she wonid go and see for herself
even his ashes, she raid tearlessly, would be known to
ber. But those ashes were mingled with many more gnd
sovered, in a rough pine box, near the house he had pre-
pared for hia expected Norway bride,
Upto the northward the fn torrent poured, in
gulfiug the entire township of Brussels, with Gardner,
Union, Forestville, Clay Bank, Red River, Casco, and
Kasewanpee, betide threatening all the shore towns ap
Proachable by woods. In this mid-peninsula the awful
Wreck of forest timber described at Littie Sturgeon did
not enter so largely into the whirlwind’s depredations.
In this thickly peopled country there was higher metal
Shit Attain: af rma Mia ttvetmasan tha Aenodl AAAs.
pA At Voronin the severity of the hurricane was
told; al! within the
what were once
ie

Gy
od loaves maintained them until pellet eame
DY ihe scene, but the sufferings meantime
were harrowing. Every concelvable agony of burning
had been inftieted on the survivors, and Thetr wounds
aped undressed and quivering in the bitter October air.
cange hut 400 plaple eppeared after the fire, it is not
to be inferred thut the rematuing 600 were burned; how
many of them are burned oan never be known, but fully
00 are Jost to the settlement by the ealamity. The dead
d of, an almost equally terrible Speciacle of ani
mal destruction cumbers the roads and flolds. No cattle,
horses. swine, chickens, or, in_short, any domestic crea
tures, were saved from the flames; dogs, howling pite
ously, made from their master’s to the woods, but, over
taken by hoy Scutel flames, fell as $bough shou; Sith glis
tening ey Fropruding tongues. Even many
lived tabby found all her lives too few and her usual
floetness of little avail against the air currents.
Darting for that universal retreat of bucolic tabs,
the trees, these innocent creatures, scorched and
howling with pain, tore madly about, unwhiskered and
Jrequeniis mere animated tufts of fire. Fowls running
fleetly, with heads grotesquely down, would suddenly re
ceive a stroke and topple over into unpremeditated
roasts. Droves of sheep, hardy as chamois, wit) out
side burned to the hide, is] {nica on everpfarm, whileall
manner of living things the same flery taking off.
By Tuesday morning the more pressing necessities of
these lower townships were supplied by hasty and
zealous charity from Green Bay, and the bew'ldered
Frople were ruade with gists to understand that this
note ot gn where men look unmoved upon the suf
ferings and misfortunes of their neighbors. For daye
those who had been less seriously damaged turned out
with teams to haul provisions for the victims, and in
good time a more settled feeling was brought about
awong the forlorn community.
en
ents across the clearing. A dexperation bf terror fled
men, women, and children—a terror as natural as futst,
for, had eommen fortitude led the group. not a soul need
tling and crowding, rushed to the potato patch. Herc a
THE TRAGEDY AT THE MILL.
VILLAGE OF COWARDS AND IHEHREE DRAVE
THE LAST HAMLET THAT FOUGHT THE FIRE—A
MEN—PANIC AND CONFUSION—TRUE HEROES
—A FAITHFUL DOG.
{FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.]
AuNAPEE, Wis., Oct. 28.--My pilgrimage to
ward “Death's Door” ended in the north among the
same terrific evidences that marked the beginning in
the peighborhood of Green Bay. The waste and ruin
that depopulated the western shore were fully matched
by the elaborate and finished picture of devastation pre
sented on the entire peninsula. The loss of life, though
not so great in the aggregate, was fully equal in propor-
tion, and almost eclipsed thefirst in circumstantial hor
ror. The evidences of destruction, though very similar
in the main, were by no means unvarying or monot
onous. From the desolated hamlets of Brussels to the
straggling deaths in the Northern Neck the horror 18 sus
tained and horribly picturesque. Volumes could not tell
the awful significance of these ravaged acres; volumes
cannot exhaust the dramatic terror and incident
crowded into that wild Walpurgis night. When the pie
ture of the awful catastrophe at Peshtego was thought
complete, wan epecters stole in from the neighboring
morasses to add more shuddering last touches to the
lurid horror. Bo it is here. When the list of death is
closed, new names are added, and when the total seems
complete new figures change the reckoning. Every mile
of waste is alive with the unrecorded romance of iudi
vidual heroism.
From the desolation of the Prussels townships, the
bouncing buck-board, with an ecstacy of wheezing and
clatter, daehes off to the northward, over tangled paths,
obliterated homes, and highways. The garrulous driver,
quite unmoved by the dismal panorama, comments with
sage concern on the people and places that had once cov
ered the black waste. His office is, however, limited he
can only tell who were and what “was;” no shade
of life responds to his eloquent conjuring. Every evi
Aence of aavilization, and, indeed, of anything like a co
herent natural arrangement, is a thing of the past. The
wildernese, deserted and relegated to its old solitude
does not recognize itself the ax that swung destruction
to its towering giants gleams no more in sturdy hands,
both wielder and weapon mingling their ashes in the
black bed of the forest. If the mourning Hamadryads
might bear testimony, science would be disturbed in ite
belief that nothing perishes from the face of the earth.
If nothing utterly perishes from its face, there is much
that is wholly useless on its disfigured bosom.
There are suggestive degrees of excess in this univer,
gal destruction; on the west shore, which abounded for
the most part in light timbeg, pine, tamarack, and cedar,
it wae not wonderful that an onset so terrific from com
bined fire and storm, should sweep through their slender
trunks and branches, clearing all before it. They are not
only overthrown, but almost entirely crumbled. On the
peninsula, on the contrary, a noble growth of oak, maple
beech, and pine covered the land. The trees had withstood
the tempests of years, yet in three minutes fell before
the dreadfuljwhirlwind of Sunday, and gigantic trunks
and splinters now mark where they once stood. The
roasting ground over almost the entire penineula
lies black and furrowed with the monstrous
trunks that held the smoking acres, bound down, as
it were, by black and corrugated ribs. Tire
some miles of incorrigible waste wepe passed, and the
prospect epread out limitlessly, when thebuck-board
came to a halt on the edge of .carlug that the aching
eyes could hardly distinguish from the miles of abomi
nable waste already traversed. “This ere,” sald the
driver, solemnly, rising impressively on the tremulous
platform of the buck-board, and sweeping the air with
his disengaged arm, “was the mill—Willlamson’s mill,
where they had the dreadfullest roast that night that
ever o human creater see I didn’t see the fire, but I was
here next day,” he added cautiously. “Tom Bush, the
barn-master, was here all the night, and sot on the peak
of the barn a long spell, while the buildings was catch
in.” The vehicle had come upon a wide ashen belt, like
a roadway, inclosing an oblong clearing of five acres or
more. Profound silence rested in the stagnant alr—life
seemed never to have had existence in the lonely corner.
The smooth, powdery ground lay in alternate strips of
white and red ashes, with here und there black squares
where the buildings were, and reminding one horribly of
a ghastly chess-board, whose last game had been be
tween Life and Death, and where Life had been lope
lessly checkmated.
Human annals do not surpass, in equal time and space,
the immensity and intensity of suffering and death
crowded into the meager epitome of one frightful hour.
The scene of a thriving industry,aud the home of nearly a
hundred people, the place, though isolated from any
human vicinity, had maintained a flourishing and tran
quil vitality, The shingle mill, with its coadjutant in
dustries, gave employment to the entire people, women
and children dividing the easy labors of shingling and
binding. There were but four buildings on the clearing
—the mill, the general boarding-house, a store, and the
barn. Economy and convenience, curious to say, had
dictated the selection of this remote spot. The timber
inexhaustibly covered the place, and it was of unequaled
quality; lazy little stream meandering through the
gnarled roots and soft soil offered a supply of water,
enough with artesian wells to drive the mill machinery
It was cheaper to work the great logs into marketable
shape here, where they were right at hand, thao estab
lish the mills on tle lake or bay and drag the im
mense timber over miles of wretched roads. The flery
experience of the west shore—of the whole Northern
Wisconsin, had been the experience of this woodim
mersed hamlet. For weeks iuceesant, laborious battle
had been waged night and day, reliefs of men, and even
women, taking turns in the exhausting contest. It was
hoped that all danger had been warded off when a wide
belt, fully a wile deep, had been burned outward from the
clearing. The serenity of assured safety had come upon
the people when this black circumvallation was com
plete—the very night before the calamity. On that fatal
Sunday moruing the mill operations suspended, and the
men who had homes in the neighborig towns of
Big and Little Sturgeon made an early start
through the woods. When night came, some kindly Prov
idence detained them, and the massacre was 80 much less.
The night came on tranquilly, the humid alr gave gratéd
ful promise of coming rain, and the last lingering dis
trust was banished from the timidest inhabitant. Early
in the night most of the little population in the hamlet
were in-doors or in bed. It was etill early when those
casually sstir outeide saw a great glowing light shoot
athwart the southern sky, and, spreading rapidly west
and northward, continue with dazzling brilliancy.
Presently a slender column of fire shot forward, and,
caught by s whirlwind, eame plowing through the solid
timber toward the mill. By this time the sleepers and
all had rushed from the barrack in a wild, clamoring con
sternation.
yi nearly midnight, when the terrified people
bir! ITAA vy the reverberations of crashing timbers
How the glare of wide-epreading, furious flame.
0#0ulzed people met the dire crisis cannot be
there bys mold circuit of the hamlet weve chained
Three brothers, Willlamsons, owned the mill, and bad
in the little colony mother, father, sisters, wives, and
children. Haetily charging the women to care for thetn
selves, the brothers set about saving the property if pos
gible. But before the hose could be hrought to bear, the
saving of life alone become the stake in the dreadful en
counter, The brethers, as proprietors, eeem for a time
ing about the edge of the woods, presently refreshed the
smothered victims by a bucketful of water. The well
“to have been full of calm, brave discretion, and with the
mull realization of the sudden danger in the frst rush of
the tornado, attempted systematio plans of preservation.
The women were directed, as far as possible, to put on
men's clothes throughout, as offering less chance for the
fire to catch. So far as known, not woman heeded the
advice. Had they dome so, their lives might not have
been sacrificed on that ignobie pyre. Bveu if life had

i

i
if
x
i

E

fy
i
i
i
F
sa
3
f
g

E]

5

fl
i
i
i
i;

li
sacre would have been spared the heart-broken survi
vors. This was the last shred of coherent conduct among
the trightened people. Bwift whirling columns of flame
Bad cut through the intervening timber, snd fell vo
raciously on the light frame buildings. The whirlwind
lashing the trees into fragments caught the fire tn roar
ing surges, and flung it about in billowy
waves among the treetops. Slender tongues of
fire falling from shove nlaved lu malevolent cur
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 187L.-—TRIPLE SHEET.
IH HHI I. a TT fr HE ITN TNF ey
the surface of the ground. Men now living, who came
almost unscathed through that mght of doow, tell how
before the ovil time, when the fires were raging about,
this spot had been fixed on as a place of safety, because,
ble matter near, it seemed to promise a breathing, in
case of general conflagration. There had been constant
jocosities and banter about this “center of salvation,”
and some one actually attempting to enlarge the cavity
had been driven off by good-natured ridicule. Even as
Inte as Baturday it had been used as a place of refuge
notwithstanding, and when the actual danger came, the
credulous mass remembered the delusive pit. If that
fatal spot had not been, if the whimsical belief had not
obtained a firm hold, there is not the slightest doubt but
the 47 that perished would have escaped in the neigh
boring woods. Into that cramped place, crowding, buffet
ing, begging, cursing, imploring, praying, shrieking, men,
children, and women elbowed and fought in the frenzy
of hideous desperation and terror, Not large enough
to admit a dosen by the closest packing, nearly 50
wrestled and crowded in and about the fatal spot. With
ostrich instinct, in the abjectness of their unreasoning
fear, men plowed their burning heads under the Mving
pyre. An inextricable pyramid of bodies, in all sorts of
conceivable postures, stood in the flame-swept place.
rising ground was crowned by a shallow pit, not six fect
There were a few In this awful time that preserved an
smazing equanimity. The engineer of the mill, Bryon
Merrill, a young fellow of marked character and intelli
gence, battled resolutely till the last chance to save Ins
employers’ property, aud only when the futility of the
effort and the danger to life became obvious, was his
self-imposed duty resigned, A bft of romance tinges the
glaring picture. His sweetheart was the relative of the
mill-owners, Miss Maggie Williamson, a girl, it 1s said, of
rare beauty and attraction, The young fellow, bright
and cultured beyond his kind, regarded with favor and
affection for many a mile around, had won her heart,
and the two were to have been married. The gir]! with
her kindred had fled to the potato patch, and here, suffo
cating with smoke, their garments in flames, and writh
ing in awful agony, the young fellow found the chief
part of the people. He tried to scatter the infatuated
group; with his hat pressed closely over his mouth and
nostrils, he directed the group to break and take shelter
in the ¢dge of the timber, Hopeless! The roar of the
hurrieanc, even the blood-curdling shrieks of the suffer
ers drowned his voice. He tried by main force to tear
the hidevus mass asunder, but the strength of a giant
could not have broken the maddened clutch of
the wrotched sofferers. The group wad im
movably fixed to the fatal spot, and rose from
burning sand a flery Laocoin struggling with the coiling
flames. MerriM, haatily fetching wetted blankets, threw
them over the nearest sufferers, meantime shouting to
them to break for the timber, not 20 steps away. Uee
less, With the skin hanging in shreds upon his hands
and forehead, he carried water and poured it on the in
fatuated group, while the ignoble crowding went on
madly among the swiftly roasting crowd. The tumultu
ous struggle had been from the first a loathsome, un
reasoning fear; a moment's coolness, a moment's cessa
tion of the frightful effort to wedge downward, would
have given life to all. The time came, however, when
the faithful Merrill, stripped almost of clothing and
burned beyond recognition, had to give np the heroic
effort, and plunging throngh the darting flame, dashed
his burning body iu the well. Earlier in the catastrophe
a half dozen heavy sleepers had found tardiness their
salvation from the potato patch, and they darted into the
timber belt, which had been carefully burved ont long
before to keep the fire from the houses. Here, prone on
the ground, they protected themselves while the mad
crowd not 10 yards away roasted in their blindness. The
falling treea could be guarded against,but nothing could
save from the encompassing fire in the clearings. One
came, too, whose frail chance of life the meanest crea
ture, struggling in that hot pit, would not have refused, an
old tottering, half blind,trembling woman, mother to the
owners of the mill. Bhe must have heen forgotten in the
first rush, for when she came toward the potato patch it
war filled with a swarming crowd thrown pione upon
their faces in the shallow depths of the potato pit. 8even
of her kindred writhed in that hideous knot. Passing on
with decrepit step, the venerable mother, whose 84 ycars
had not worn out coolness and discretion, came upon a
great bowlderjnear the edge of the timber. Climbing
on this, although half suffocated, she covered her head
with her skirts, and, with clothes care
fully tucked up from the runming flames,
kept for hours on the back of this unique salamander,
The only son that came outfoff the fire with lus life, it 18
said, did not forget his duty, and aided bis mother to
this forlorn refuge. Be that as it may, with a thick
blanket well wetted over her body and her skirts out of
reach of the hot incendiary sand, the brave old lady
perched on that rock through the long night of agony,
every shriek of her roasting kindred splitting her ears,
and their burning bodies almost within reach of her
helpless arms. Twice through the night she received
guccor, once from her son, who came up and wetted
Ler covering, and ounce from tle baru-master, Bush,
who also bathed her head and gave her cool water to
drink. Through the whole funspeakable tragedy of
piteous cowardice ran this vela of siwple fortitude and
heroic endurance.
The will blacksmith, Michael Adams, stands out as
though of almost antique mold. He was aan of kigan
tie igure and grave, rough reserve. When the dauger
came, he gathered bis three children and baby in hia
great strong arms, and with his wife strode to the center
of the clearing, where be calmly placed them on wetted
blankets, and, covering them with his coat, quietly
prought water In buckets and saturated the frall protce
tion. The flames hissed and roared about him, but he
never desisted. Resisting the hot torrents with wonder
tul endurance, and even when Lis halr was ablaz:, hie
hands fleshless, and the coals eating into his flesh, con
tinued his efforts for wife and child. The young engl
neer and the barn-master shouted to him to fly to the
woods. He seemed to hear them, but calmly shaking
his head remained at his post. As his strength and sight
began to fail, he looked with unutterable yearning to
ward the helpless group at his feet, then glanced anx
jously toward the woed. Whether he saw that there was
the better chance of safety can never be known;
he reeled suddenly, and dzopped like a shot in his tracks.
When help came to that group the next day, an unscarred
Labe lay in the arms of its dead mother, the father’s arin
about both. They were, of course, all dead, but the
father alone, with one arm burned off, was unrecognizable
save by his giant frame. Even the dog that
howled, smothering in the hot air and kept
in an ecatasy of restless motion to prevent being roasted
on the hot sands, seemed impressed by this man’s devo
tion. Wagging delirious inquiry with his tall, and inter
jecting sharp barks, he seemed to plead with his obdu
rate master. Hopeless of recognition, then he would
poke his nose under the wet blankets, and after a
thorough cooling, emerge dejectedly as though depre
cating the weakness while his master stood exposed.
Sands growing hotter and hotter, the forbearing brute
made for the woods, but in mid-career, and almost in the
performance of a Jig—his legs were kept moving so
briskly to kop his feet from burning—Le turned long
ingly aa if reodnding the man that this was the way to
safety. No heed wee paid him, and with painful Umps
and piteous whines he returned, and settling his feet ou
the blanket, stared eagerly at his master. His poor
singed body was found In that attitude of love and duty.
At the well, which stood nearest the house, a wretched
group had takep refuge—not only af, but in it. Bix
people into
confidently.on it as place of security. Finally, when
only the machinery of the horrid masterpiéoe
lero of siyitt bad shansed or oie Tne, Yue 3
ST RTE A Le
i
awn had shaygod into high neon before a helpful hand
breke into the Kk Golgotha, The barnmaster Bush
when silence had fallen the place an hour or two
before dawn, took horse and attempied to make hi ry
to Little Sturgeon; as well try to ride through 3 Nay
ily Fearing it hom, bekad a api te
bright pot Mines, and after inca.culable
trouble fn the way and out of the way, some time about
daylight he came mpon the ruins of a lumberman’s
cablu, which by the regular peth was not more
than two wfles from the mill. He had been hours
in reaching it, and, worn. out by the labors
and agony of the might, he sat down to
rest. Presently the owner came, and together the two
men started back to the settlement. They came first to
the well. Merrill, apparently quite dead, was taken ous
first. Bix more came after, all dead, save a child
crowded below ita mother at the bottom. Merrill soon
fave feeble evidence of life, and was cared for at once.
have perished. With one impulse the frantic mass, bat-«
ush ran to the stone to ald the old woman the blankets
were rolled away. The stone was bare, and no vestige
of Mrs. Willams could be found. Then they came upon
oh An indistinguishable heap of arms, legs, and
perfectly still and wholly naked, was all {hat re
mained of fhe mass that came there in abundant life a
few hours before, Tey were all dead, and few of them
recognizable, Beven Willlamsons pe in the group,
Juong others the young gir, whose long black hair was
fou ghutched in masses in her uncharred bande.
The ss of new night threw a pitying vall over
the scene when the first relief from outeide had soo
ceeded in cutting a way through, The work of burial
began next morning, and 59 were ac ouuted for in the
faial clearing. The venerable wother was found on the
roud to Big Sturgeon. the day after her terrible ex
posure, very fee and worn out. 8he was tenderly
cared for, and is in a fair way to regain what she can count
but little—her health, One son out of three was spared.
Her husband laid his gray hairs in the terrible holocaust:
hes whole kindred plas away in the ravages of Luat
deadly night. To this day the woods are not clear of
their dead. Bodies in every stage of decal are constantly
brought in by the committees, and until that is coded
the grand total can only be a matter of conjecture,
THE CLEVELAND WATER- WORKS.
_ AA A= Nr BA BET BEIT BE LAR A __ Jd 4 dh A uaa
I
THE DUTY OF THE PUMPING ENGINES—BITUMIN
oUS “SLACK” A8 A FUEL—UTILIZING THE
BEWAGE OF THE CITY.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Oct. 28. —In 1857, the
water-works of this city, as they exist at present, were
completed, but with much less water to pump then than
DOW, A8 then about 350,000 gallohs a day supplied the city.
The pumping engines, of the Cornish style, were designed
in London, but were built in New-York, They have been
working since the completion of the works with but
little interruption, and from the duty they have per
formed, as taken from the official records, reflect credit
alike on designer, bullder, and engineer, They take
their supply of water from Lake Erie, and forée it to a
reservoip about 2,000 feet distant, and about 100 feet
ahove the surface of the lake. In 18857, 127,000,000 gallons
were required to supply the wants of the city, but the
demand has risen until with the Increase of the popula
tion over 1,126,000,000 gallons were needed in 1670, To
distribute this large amount of water no lesa than 44
485-1000 miles of pipe were required up to Dee. 91,1970, The
demand for new pipe still continnes, and as the city grows
must keep pace with it. For this year the engineer esti
mates that no less than 800 tuns of pipe, from 4 to 12
inches in diameter, will be required. In his report he in
timated that the consumption of water is now about
eqnal to the power of one pump to supply,” and the trus
tees therefore invited preposals from various pump
builders for new engines and pump machinery. The
ratio of increase in the consumption of water for the
past year waa 25 26-100 per cent, 8 88-100 per cent greater
than that of the preceding year. This rapid increase
will, in a few years, absorb all the power of both pnmps,
and in the mean time additional pumping power, equal at
least to that of both the old pumps, should be provided,
it order that at all times a reserve of power may be had
equal, or nearly so, to the power in use,
The engines now in use are two in number, and worked
“during 362 days, the average runuing-time perday being
18 hours and 55 minutes,” an increase per dicm over the
previous year of three hours and 23 minutes. The total
number of strokes made by both engines was 3,508,500,
The average hight to whieh water was pumped above
the surface of the lake is 156 97-100fcet. The duty of the
east engine is 43,676,370, and the duty of the west engine
13 42,276,075 pounds of water, raised one foot hizh with
each 100 ponnds of coal consumed. These exceedingly
gatisfactory results were obtained from the use as a fuel
of bituminous slack, so-called, or the waste from
the Ohio bituminous coal, and are therefore the more
remarkable, as the evaporating power of this coal is only
seven ponnds—that is to say that 100 pounds of this fael
will evaporate seven pounds of steam from water at 212
degrees Fahrenheit, The recorded results of Walter R.
Johnson's experiments place the evaporating power of
anthracite con! from nine to ten pounds, and of Cumber
land bituminous at about the same. The Western bitu
miimus coals do not, however, average more than from
seven to clght pounds, and this is the first recorded
experiment I have seen where the evaporating power of
the “slack” has been determined,
Tie sewage of the city is delivered into the lake, and
the same reasons which existed for building the lake tan
pel at Chicago exist here. The Trustees have therefore
begun the construction of a tunnel under the direction
of their Engineer and Superintendent, Mr. John White
law. The contractor of the work 1s Mr. A. A. McDonnell.
In order to Aemonstrate In a practical manner the feasi
bility ot the undertaking befors contracting for the
work, a shaft was sunk in-shore to the proper depth, and
the tunne! driven from the bottom of the shaft 16) feet.
By this means the character of the rock was satisfacto
‘rily determined, and its quality was found to
be such as to insure entire safety during the
progress of the work. The time allowed by
the contract for the completion of the work
extends to January 1, 1572. The tunnel has been driven
now nearly or quite 4,000 foet, Its rate of progress has
steadily increased from an average of about eight feet
a day at the begioning toabout 15 or 16 feet per day at
the present time, This 1s not due to any change in the
pature of the material through which the work is driven,
but to the fact that the workmen are coustautly becow
{ug more accustomed to their task. The springy nature
of tho ground through which the shore end of the tunnel
is driven has been the cause of accidents by which the
surface water has leaked ln. In consequence of this the
work at this end Las been suspended, and the tunnel al
lowed to fill with water, The erib was built and
placed in its position in the lake by the
contractors. It isloasded with 1,000 tuns of stone, and
weighs Ksclf between 800 and 000 tuns, To protect it
trom the waves of the lake it is “rip-rapped” with 400
cords of stone, which forms an embgpkment 16 feet high,
with a base of 50 feet. From the bottom of this crib the
lake shaft has been sunk, and from its bottom the tunnel
has been driven toward the shore, It makes good
progrees, and will before long reach the shore end of the
Ue eanty of Cleveland and its growing importance
#8 a manufacturing city is causing it to increase in popu
lation very fast. The accumulation of wealth here and
the teal enterprise of its citizens eould not be better
bi hk than by attempting to uullize the sewage of
the city. This important problem which London has
spent 80 much money to work out must sooner or Js}
engage the attention of all American cities. Clevelan
can solve it easily, and with little expenditure of money.
The Sout to the south and east of the city needs the
manure which the sewage of the city would Supply: and
the growing population of the city would take the in
rend production of food furnished by the newly
manured (arms.
There is probably no city in the country which has
more creditably taped {tself with water, nor has been
more wide-awake in preparing for ita future wants.
Now is the time for it te lead the van in utilizing its
watse, thereby adding to its food supply, and at the same
time guarding the health of its inhabitants. The trustees
of the waterworks, who are prominent citizens, could
be easily clothed with the Dooessary pOwers by an
amendment to the charter of the corporation, and be
made Sewage Commissioners. Under their direction,
the engineer might submis plans for the collection of the
drainage of the city into reservoirs, from which it could
be delivered, either by Riupla or Otherwise, to farmers
or market gardeners. extensive lake t of the
city and suburbs will furnish sbundance 9 Sace for
this improvement. The experience of the London com
missioners has been Rublished to the world, and from it
all the Bhtessaty I ormation can be obtained. Why
shouid It uot Le 1
by his long efforts,
S————————— N————
A late case in Massachusetts affords a
striking instance of the oostly oharaoter of human ab
surdity. In the town of Ashfield was (perhaps is)
a defective bridge, driving over wnich Mise Lucy
A. Dyer of Bown, a4 bir Wikucy, Mew Mar, 8.
D were seri Inju town offered $600 to
the elder lady Load, bo ihe Jury Aascased her dam:
ages st $4,152. Then the daughter proposed to
square the matter with the town if It w pay ber
$1,500. The prudent and sagacious magistrates n't
think of such an expensiye, not 10 say ruinous compro
Bite, nd the OC ont, of $13,000 And costa, the
aia for Whigs execution will {ssue biog about #100.
ecopougionl motions fine loet some $13,500 m0 than
would have lost if It had Qasesaed bal grain of com:
mon sense.
ward fiercely. The paralysed group dared mot put out
their heads, lest the flames should smother them. But
Merrill, without an instant’s hesitation, uprose and flung
the dangerous thing away, and the barn-master, hover

HEH
Dr. Wheeler of Dover, N. H., at Dartmouth
College, addressing the gredusting Medical Class, began
by remarking that ‘tbe science of medicine has
pon and is now a growth, and consequently has not yet
poached perfoction”—a sensible dbsorvation. The main
trouble with medicine 1s that man was born to die, not
merely of old _sgs, put of various diseases, af various
stages of lite. Mecovery from aa illness dopends upon
several with some of whish the wadicel man
Wha cajed I baa nothing to may be sent for too
io maf og mila mit cel
dispensed He watch dud ward by
gvery bedaids 10 prevent nurses from thetr vie
tims grave. And, move shan alk however much
$n Soak Bod deiaet him wary aie ie
yb
She ane hvaath. far SRO0OF,
CHICAGO.
FOREIGN AID.
WHAT HAS BEEN DONE IN FRANCE—MERTING
[FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNK.
Paris, Oct. 18.—A large meeting of Ameri
cans, in order to consider the best means of sending ald
to Chisago, was held on Saturday last at the Washington
Club in this city. It wasconvoked by Minister Wash
burne, and was, it is almost needless to say, largely st
tended by American residents of Puris, there being
good sprinkling of English present as well. The meet
ing was opened by Mr. Washburne, who, ia fow well
chosen words, spoke of the fearful destruction of life
and property which had ruined one of the most prosper
ous of American cities and had made a hundred thou
sand people homeless. It is the home of a population,”
continued Mr. Washburne, distinguished the world
over for its energy, its enterprise, ite public spirit, its
Intelligence, and its patriotism—a great people, but
greater than ever in the future; for they shall rise above
their misfortunes, and the waters of the magnificent
lake that laves the shore of the burning eity shall never
#ing its requiem, for it shall rise, phcnix-like, from its
‘ashes and challonge the wonder and admiration of the
world. A great calamity makes all nations kin. Our
suffering countrymen will have the sympathies of the
people of all nations. Though the people of Paris are
suffering from she disasters of a terrible war, we will
have their warm sympathy, to be manifested according
to the measure of their ability in a substantial way. The
great, generous heart of Eugland has been roused, and
large subscriptions have been made all over the United
BYMPATIHIZERS,
Kingdom.”
On concluding his address, Mr. Washburne proposed
Mr. Elllott C. Cowdin of New-York as Chairman, This
resolution was carried by acelamation, and then Mr.
January of 8t. Louis was appointed Vice-Chairman, with
Gen. N.P. Banks of Massachusetts and. Mr. John T.
Ryan (editor of The American Register) aa Becretaries,
Mr. Cowdin, on taking the chair, after having commented
on the unparalleled magnitude of the calamity whieh
bad befallen Chicago, reminded those present of what
bad already been done in London and elsewhere toward
relieving the distress In the burned city, and ealled on
all present to contribute according to their means, Dr.
Thomas W. Evans then moved the two following resolu
tions: “1. Resolved, That the Americans resident and
temporarily sqjourning in Paris have learned with pro
found regret the appalling calamity which bas befallen
the City of Chicago, and that to-day assembled together
in a distdnt land, they desire to testify their deep sym
pathy with the unfortunate sufferers, and to express
their dellef that, through the boundless enterprise and
unconquerable energy of the people of that great city,
the unparalleled disasters which have happened to them
will soon be surmounted, and their city, pheenix-like,
will rise more splendid and prosperous than ever from
its ashes. 2. Resolved, That a committee of fifteen be
appointed by the Chair to raise subscriptions for the
relief of the sufferers of Chicago.” These resolutions
were carried by acclamation. It was then moved that
Messrs. Monroe Co. be requested to act as bankers to
the Committee,
The ifferent American bankers in this eity were re
gluceted to receive subscriptions Mr, Tucker of Geer
gia then rose and said tbat he was glad to be present as
“a representative of the South, to take part in a meet
ing which had for its olhject so praiseworthy a purpose.”
He was sure that the South would be be as ready as the
North in giving to tue suffering people of Chicago. Gen.
Meredith Read, the United Btates Consul-General, spokes
next. He called on all Americans resident in Paris to
give Jargely to the ruined inhabitants of Chicago, Mr.
Francis Corbin of Virginia spoke next. He approved
heartily of Mr. Tucker's words, and sald that he felt that
there wou'd be one common feeling through North and
South as to the duty of contributing to the relief ot Chi
cago. An English clergyman, the Rev. Mr. Forbes of
Paris, was the next speaker. He said that, although not
an American himself, he could not help saying a few
words, a8 he had spent many happy days in the United
States which be could never forget. Mr. Forbes con
cluded by saying that he intended making a collection
among his congregation, After speeches from Gen,
Banks, Mr. Javuary, Mr. Foy. Judge Diddenhoffer, and
others, the Chairman read a long list of subscriptions.
Since the meeting I understand that the subscriptions
have nearly reached $60,000; $30,000 were subscribed in
the room, aud there is no doubt that this sum woul.a bave
been considerably exceeded had it not been for an unfor
tunate misunderstanding about the place in which the
mecting was to be held. It was first stated that the meeting
was to take place at the Grand HOtel. People who went
to the Grand Hotel were sent to the Hotel du Louvre,
and the meeting, as I have said, was really held at the
Washington Club, on the Place de I'Opera. Before the
meeting broke up Messrs. Monroe Co. were authorized
to telegre ph to thelr banking-bouse in New York to open
a credit of $30,000, in favar of the Mayor of Chicago. The
Mayor was likewise informed by telegram of this action.
I have received a circular which was drawn up by M.
Cochin, the Prefect of the Department of the Seine et
Oise. M. Cochin is the author of some excellent essays
on sulyects connected with the United States. During
the war in the United States he was a steady supporter
of the Northern cause, The circular reads as follows:
After the misfortunes of France, the inhabitants of the
United Btates opened subscription-lists, aud sent gener
ous giits of every kind; money, seeds, utensils, clothe
ete. A calamity without precedent has afflicted ond
ruined in a few hours one of the principal commercial
centers of America—the town of Chicago; all the public
and private buldiugs Lave beeu burned, und the nuw
ber of inhabitants without a home is estiwated at more
than 100,000. France is very poor, but she wonld wish to
return to the United States a portion, at all events, of
what she has received, and to give Lier across the sea a
Proof! fraternal sympathies. We ask of all editors, ete,
to be good enongh to announes that un Committee of Bue
cor to receive subscriptions for the victins of the Chicago
fire hus becu formed. A. COCHIN,
Membre de L'Iustitat.
M. E. Laboulaye, the well-knowu historian, author of a
history of the United States in French, is President of
the Committee. M. Cochin is himself Vice-President.
Henri Martin, the cmineut French historian, 1s also on this
Committee, the other members of whic hare MM. Ballin
Burenne, Goupil, Haas, Houette, Lehideux, Mcnier, Mon
tagut, E.de Pressensé, Vanlymbycke; Treasurer, A.
Servant; Sccretary, E. Delclet.
WIHAT HAS BEEN DONE IN GERMANY-—ACTION
OF THE AMERICANS AND GERMANS OF BER
LIN—A PROPOSITION MADE FOR A CONCERT
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SUFFERERS.
[FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.}
BegLiy, Oct. 16.—The news of the fearful
calamity which has befallen energetic Chicago excites
great sympathy in this capital and the principal cities
of the Empire. The terrible accident is spoken of inall
circles as though it had happened to some near city of
this reaim. No other occurrence, probably, could have
more thoroughly evoked the true nature of the mutual
feelings cxlsting between Germany and the United
States than the tragic fate of the proud metropolis of the
North-West. Every journal has a good word to offer, and
every heart is heavy with sorrow for the afflicted. Our
Consul, Mr, Kreismann, with his usual energy, on hearing
what had come upon the city of his home, immediately
appealed to the Berlin public, who quickly snd enthun
elastically reeponded. A committee has been formed, and
subseriptions are received. The encouragement which
the object receives is such that Mr. Kreismann tele
graphed Mayor Mason, this morning, a8 follows: “A Re
lief Committee is formed here. Hardt Co. of New
York is directed 80 pay te your order the
first installment of Berlin contributions, 15,000
thalers.” The committees expect to be able
to forward another similar amount very soon.
The Empress, out of grateful remembrance for the ef
RN AT A A i WE He ra” os wi
Consul, Mr, Kreismann, with his usual energy, on hearing
what had come upon the city of his home, immediately
appealed to the Berlin public, who quickly snd enthu
siastically responded. A committee has been formed, and
subseriptions are received. The encouragement which
the object receives is such that Mr. Kreismann tele
graphed Mayor Mason, this morning, a8 follows: “A Re
lief Committee is formed here. Hardt Co. of New
York is directed so pay te your order the
first installment of Berlin contributions, 15,000
thalers.” The committees expect 0 be able
to forward another similar amount very soon.
The Empresa, out of grateful remembrance for the ef
forts made by America during the late war, and aa»
token of sympathy for the sufferers of Chicago,” sub
seribed 1,000 thelers. The following letter testifies to the
interest which Mr. Bancroft takes in the matter, as well
a4 to the manner in which the news of the sad occurrence
1s received by the people.
AMERICAN LEGATION, BERLIN, Oct. 16, 1871.
My DEAR CONSUL: Inclosed you have my check for
500 thalers for the sufferers of Chicago. I ahall use every
pr effort to promote the subscription. Wherever
wo. dua but one feeling of sympathy, snd the terrible
Balamity which has befallen that opulent city ls regarded
as domeetic aftiction. I am ever, dear Consul, yours
very truly, GBO. BANCROFT.
Phere was a large collection taken in the cathedral yes
terday, and the words of the officiating preacher, in pre
senting the object, were these of unfeigned sorrow and
heartfelt sympathy for fellow Christians in deep afilic
don. Wo are informed that soveral other Protestant
chmyehes took up collections for this same object. Hem
von Wusmb, the President of the Berlin police, who has
siready, om various occasions, matisosted bis feelings
toward Americans, has jast been to visit Mr. Krelsmann
and pot saly suggested the plan of giving grand oon
cert, the proveeds of which should be turned over to the
Rebbe? Committee, but said: “You must do 18.” As th
Consul is not the man to refuse a good thing, the pla
suggested is already pushed forward, The purpose ia
sooure the Royal Opers and the services of the chief ar
tists of Germany for the occasion. Frow Loocs, th
sightingale and favorite of Central and Eastern Europe
will, 1 have no doubt, cheerfully give her services. Hen
von Warmb is to call and see the Emperor to-day in re
gard to the mattes. Horr von Hillson, the director of
the Reyal Opera, is said to be warmly io favor of th
Plan. We hope to see the worthy object accomplishes
before the close of another week.

In HELP STILL URGENTLY NEEDED.
OF AMERICANS IN PARIS—APPEAL OF FRENCH
3 Chicago Tribune of the 2d inst. mentions
A letter of a country elorgyman whose parishioners had
remonstrated about his eff
orts for the relief of Chicago
on these grounds;
That the whole wor)
Chicago to the Se as coubined to send money to
{a spent In Tyo A many millions that some of is
Pentel Of Which Borody Reon arent thas aay bend
y knows ‘except those who build
them; that vast stores of and clothing have
also been sent to Chicago, but Tow they are dsposed of
“and whether they are to relieve the suffers by the
fire, the world does not know therefore,
including the pariah al Rg Bd
ther con that, i shrewd suspicions are
aroused that a Fire Ring has been established which ia
doing a large and profitable business on its own account,
both with money and goods, while the destitute, for
whom all this generous ald was given, are left un
provided for,
The Tridunme seta forth, In reply, the following sadly
exact state of the case:
The actual money subscribed in all parts of the world
amounts, so far as is avn, to about $3,000,000, Of this
sum the Relief Committee haa received about one-half,
or, sat: $1,500,000, With this million and a half of money
they have carried on the work of housing, feading, and
cloliing BoB thirty thousand to forty thousand  peopio
sinoe 9th of October, aided by tue contribu of
§oviion mis goods 1s which Bave Also been made, But
or much w money, And money only, is indis
ponent, Lamber, sieves, RACE: madres, ron
y a 00 n mattresses, coal,
and various pr articles absolutely necessary to the
comfort and health of this army of destitute people have
to be purchased with the ready cash, Jako, 100 oxamplo,
the one article of stoves, without which the people w
perish. Two ogthree hundred were given, whi would
warm and cook for less than 2,000 of the 30,000 or 40,000 in
want. There was nothing to do but to buy, and buy
with ready money, and of the kinds and size of stove
wanted there are not enongh to be ad from the sea
Duaid tu tae MississivL They bave ail been bought u
by the Commitee given away at a cost to the fund
of more than $100,000. Of mattresses, the Comanittee,
foreseeing the coming necessity, red them from
svuiyvhiels in the States and Canada where thoy
could learn that such articles were manufactured. Or
ders went forward to St. Louis, Louisville, Indanapolis,
Cincinnati, Detroit, Buffalo, Montreal, and they were
gathered by thousands from all these poluts. In addi
tion to this, the Committee has set to work every estab
lishment in Chicago, and from 300 to 400 mattresses are
turned out by them daily, And yet the demmnd
both for stoves and mattresses cannot De met.
But, of course, all this business has to be done
with cash in hand. Bo, too, of houses. Be
tween 8,000 and 4,000 have been given away—given awa
abooiusely to the recipient unless he elects to pay for
Pt Op Whi enetter LOU Tamllion ou at east, S000 per:
ch shelter a or, at least,
sons. In every house ‘and in every family’ Tooth tu he.
barracks is Pi mie and 4 waliross, and gen: y
more than one, ad and crofkery. These houses
and barracks are bdullt with ready money, their
furnishing costs ready money, and with the
most rigid economy-—aided by the fact that the commit
tee pougat up at the price of month age all the lumber
that they could lay their bands on—the cost
of this Indispensable shelter cannot be pro
vided for at less than $1,000,000. Then comes
food, of which the staple articles, notwithstand
ing the generous gifts, have to be purchased, and for
which the daily outlay is thousands of dollars. An fm
mense number has stn to be fed, though it decreases
dally, as the honest To to work for themselves and the
dishonest are cut off as the aysten for thelr deteetion
and the judicious distribution of food becomes daily more
perfeet and accurate. At the outset there was inevita
bly some waste in the distributien of both food aud
clothing, for 211 applicants were relieved, that none
might go hungry or naked, and there was neither the
time nor the force at hand to examine into every case.
‘But whatever waste there was, be it observed, was on
the side of mercy; and yet, uow that this inevitgdie
waste 18 aetey and the abuses which arose, not ou
the ‘side of Qistribution but on the side of recep
tion of bounty—which we think an Hp distinc
tion—~the dally outlay of money for for some sorts
of Slotbing, sush a8 blankets, boots and shoes, and for
handlin is enormous business, is very «reat. It is
very pry to say, and every man of ordinary reflection,
we think, must seé that It must be so that the Relict
Committee must he already looking with a good deal of
anxiety atthe bottom of their pile of $3,000,000, already
80 largely diminished in thirty days, and asking thew
salves What of the night 1” when we have as yet so
only to the edge of cold weather, and there are five
mouths of Winter Job to come, with its pentsy, ite hun
ger, its storms, ifs enforced idleness, and its despair.
‘And is all this not answer enough to all the cavils and
questionloge of doubters and grumblers, whether in
town or out! The poor are fed and clothed dally—no
body can doubt it, the poor and hungry least of all.
Thoy are being housed as rapidly as human Sndusy
and setivity can bring it about—as everybody wi
eyes can see. These things cannot be done, with
out money; of money there is only about $1,500,
000 in hand, and that is where it 1s gone and is
going to. Had it not been for the voluntary contribu
tions of food and clothing in kind, not dollar of it, by
this time, would have been left: and the result woukl
Dave been the same had not i work faflen, neo jhe
hands of an organized association, accustomed, tho
on a smaller seale, to work of this sort, and A yan
men who, if character and positian can ever count for
anything, have at stake all that they are and all that
they possces for a conscientious, and jas, and wise dis
charge of the duties devolved upon them. If we may
ever assume anything about human conduct, we may
assume that these gERtiomen would not, even if they
could, do anything ut piceisely the right thing in the
enormous responsibility resting upon them and, oeking
at it from a merely business point of view, it is as plain
as it ever can be in human affuire thot they could not,
even if they would, carry vo the work in their hands,
with the means at their command, exeept with the most
ricid economy and the exercise of unusual ability.
Kansas wants a paper mill. At the late
et
editorial convention held in that State, a commitsee of
three was appointed to ascertain the amount of paper
used by the publishers of the State, and then to induen
sone enterprising paper maker w establish a manufac
tory there. There is surely no reason why the thriving
ftate.of Kansas shonld go abroad for her paper.
Baltimore received a visit from some of the
leading citizens of Pittsburgh, and now has to pay a bill
of $24,504 30 for their entertainment. Bome of the tax
payers of the Monumental City suspect that some of the
items in this bill have been Tammanized,” and like tn
see an explanation of how $4,000 worth of wine was
drank during an excursion to Aunapolis, or how wuch
driving $2,266 paid for. We think the Oity Council very
economical—for Democrats. Our Ring” would not
have looked at a bill of ess than half a niilion for a sim
ilar spree.
The propensity of boys to stand on their heads
has produced one fatal case in £alem, Mass, where Ed=on
Lewis, aged 13, while reversing himself in this absurd
way, fell senseless, and three davs after died of conges
tion of the brain. We should be willing to wager a smal)
sum that a cireus has been recently exhibited In Salem,
for when one of these equestrian Nine of enchant
ment has been set up i I the boys of the vi.
cinage are carried away by an intense desire to break
their necks or dislocate their shoulders. Considering
what fools boys are, we wonder that the mortally among
them is not greater.
The Rev. Mr. Parkhurst of Chicago recently
addressed the Methodists of Boston on Sunday evening
‘and gave distinctly the causes of the conflagratidu
as follows: “The great fire,” he sald, “could not De
stopped because the firemen and police were worn out
by work, and the city was dried by the loug drouth,
while a terrible gale blew from the prairie.” This 1s sue
cinct and plain enough and now, supposing Chicago to
be restored to its past greatness one year frow this time,
what is to prevent, at some Juuunpiciouy hour, spother
fire from breaking out when the firemen are exhausted
and the hy is dry, and a terrible gale is blowing 1 This
is the question to which every eubie foot of the recou
struction should give a satisfactory answer.
We have alluded to the perfect confidence
which seems to be felt on both sides of the water, in the
recuperation of Chicago. At the same time, for some
inexplicable reason, that ill-fated city is forced to submit
to an unusual quantity of moral lecturing. Is it fanci
ful to suppose,” says The London Speelatar, that in this
awful warnmg there ia a lesson which may cause n new
and more theughttul city to rise an her ruins 1” The Sat
wrday Review, however, cheers without reboking, when
it says: Tt is mot probable that the elastio prosperity of
Chicago will be long depressed even by this tremendous
catastrophe.” Several of the London W ed incline,
we observe, to the opinion that New- ork, having ex
nausted the Divine patience, will next experience the
Divine wrath, though whether we shall be burned out or
perish by echolers, these paper prophets are not good
enough to state.
A curious suit bas been on trial in a Ban
Francisco Court, in which one Rupert Manuel, a native
of Bombay, India, brings action to recover bound
volumes of The Town aud Country Magazine from 1769
to 1780; one Hebrew Bible, ln manuscript, dated before
Christ 150 years; The Eomance of Joseph and Zulefka,”
manuscript in the Persian language “The Arabian
Nights Ebertaloment.” a wanuscript in the Arablie
language. Manuel's testimony went (0 show that he has
traveled extensivaly, and that be bad a palucolns desire
to obtain possession of old man and avclent
works. He Appears to have made purchases of this kind
in Peking, fis Pexsin, in Rome, Trieste, and
places. aise eald he was at onc ime of
cobalderable wealth. The manuscript of Hebrew
Bible, B, 300 years, he says he purchased m Peking.
The Loulsville Courier-Journal reads s sermon
to the Chicagonese about thelr lack of moral sense.”
That sense, it appears—that is, what they had of 19—has
heen “flimsy apa mercurial,” while “ite outer and
visible hablliments were the sure and ready prey of Say
strong natural element, such 84 commotion of the
earth, or visitation of water, or fire, that might asall
ft" “Tne wickedess city has been acomrsed,” &c., 86.
on with the quotation. We
We have n't patience to go
Rusheilie (Ind) American, but we
turn for relief to The
not get any, for there we learn that Chicago 84d her
tho bala) Hod pray in that
Sha The 1 mas is by 0 meas sare thak
{hose wwhul Boaks (it 3s be whe WeVSe 0 rg
sive by apolling tt more iron, oc perhaps 8000s, o
oes, or postiiences, to ihe Books.
up this little we w
lng alerts Sod salesmen Chicane
come fo 58. Louis, Whete, a8 Way ship
they aro certain to their fortunes.
‘of aympathy can Do farther go.
HELP STILL URGENTLY NEEDED.
GENERAL. NO1ES.