jment of that gush of floricultural bombast in which Claude
describes to Pauline his palice by the lake of Como,
wrought the same cffect that we remember noticing on
previous oocasion—tle effect, namely, of nature. No per
json applauded the speech, but every person must have
deen satisfied with it. There was no conspicuous point
made; aud this, it may be added, is indicative of the
chief merit of Mr. Fechter's Claude Melnotie—a con
elstent preservation of a symmetrical identity. For ma
Rurity, and for cortain other defects, the imagination has
ko make allowances. “Yet, that's not much.” Mr.
Fochter had the coiperation of John Gilbert, as Damas,
m Pouisl, as Widow Melnotte, Mrs. Sefton, as Madam
Miss Lizzie Price, as Pauline, Mr. Rockwell,
pa Beausant, Mr. Ringgold, as Glaris, Mr. H. Montgomery,
ps Gaspard, Miss Estelle Rowe, as Janet, Mr. W. J. Leo
as Deschapelles, and Mr. G. F. Browne, as the Inn
Mr. E. M. Holland plaved Capt. Gervais; Mr. 8,
yCurran Capt. Dupont; aud Ar J. Peck the Notary. The
luff, upright, martial Damas was very forcibly depicted
y Mr. Gilbert. 1t is seldom that play-goers are refreshed
pr the spectacle of a personation so sound and true and
mt the same time go picturesque and brilliantly clear.
Ihe receipts of this Benefit performance were $1,180—a
walusble addition to the Chicago Relief Fund, for which
Bir. Fechter and Lis fellow-workers will receive the
gratoful tanks their practical generosity has so well
teservoed.
«The Bosy body will be repeated at Wa'llack's Theater
Bhis evening, Mr. Mathews enacting Marplot,
DRAMATIC NOTES,
The Globe Theater banquet, at the Parker
onse, Boston, on Monday, was numerously attended,
r. Cheney, the manager, made a felicitous address,
seechos were also made by Messrs. C. Guild, C. W.
ack, George S. Hillard, J. L. Swift, J. H. MacVickar,
s-Mayor SLurtled, W.T.W. Ball, W.R. Floyd, "A.
elds, and other gentlemen. The occasion, which com
memorsicd the forrth birth-day of the Globe, was inter
esting und brilliant.
Mrs. Chanfliau was at the New National The
ater, in Washincton, last week, and made a hit there as
chistie Johnstone Mr. J. W. Forney nas been lecturing
5 shak spate... A violin periormance by M. Martens
the clever musical impersongter of the tom-cat, a
wooing of toe gente tabby —is the freshest incidental
gesture the cowie and popular entertainment which
pow holds tHe Olvinpic stage.“ Humpty Dumpty,” alike
jn substantial went and in peenniary value, is amon
he best face tions entertainments New-York has ong
for many years... A London performer, Mr. Pedro Ster
Ning, Who 21pears as a Monkey, may be secn at the San
Francisco M usirel Hall. An entire change of programme
been toade there. Mrs, Conway bas brought out
Lie Day pray of “Divorce,” at the Lew Brooks u The
ater. bdo Booth vill shorily appear there, as Hamlet.

ard,
Ti’. SOUTH CAROLINA ARRESTS,
Pe
A correspondent writing irom Columbia, 8,
C.. to The Vaskingion Chronic, sys:
There ate now confined in the jail in this city 32 of
these nicht riders, I have paid them several visits for
the purpose of ascertaining what they might be willing
go conuuiincate regarding the operations of the Klau
ge are ull, with the exception of the six from Union,
yim Spanien burg County, abd are generally of the lower
plassas. stall farnuers, &e., and all but tour voluntarily
purendcred themselves. They tell of the Ku-Kiux
etx committed hy them freely, One of them
BO bs me of 14 different raids he had
been engaged in, and _gnother of the particu
Jars of Lo coetirg of the odd man Dr. Winn-mth, Al
of than ~uv hot if rleased today, unless protected by
Yaited Stutes authonty, they would net dare to return,
nd in renly to an inouirv, one of them-—the person re
red to ve having been engaced in so many raids—said
y amount of punishment could be inflicted upon him
at he woud not rather willingly undergo than to be,
he has been, subject to the orders of the Klan. Itis
viient that their hearts were not in the business, but,
of 014, and during the war, tLey were entirely subser
ent ta few leading men. They are of the same class
those who Were go casily taken prisoners
har tue close of the war, and who were not par
cularly anxious to be exchanged. They are decided in
dir expressions regarding tie leaders, and wish for
heir capture. These leaders, chiefs, and directors have
cd, hy it 1s of these the Democratic papers North
ppoak of being comyxlled to leave their homes. It is
fmply laughable to read the balderdash beiug sent out
by suoh papers. For instance, I read in the Newberry
orrespoudence of a New-York ourual that it is a fact
“that iu that county there have been more white men
urdered by negroes since the war than negroes by
br hite men.” Now, in the first place, this statement is
pnqualificdly false. There have been no white wen war
Rered at all by negroes, aud as 10 the number of negroes
hat have been murdered for political opinions’ sake
one by white men it foots up nearly a score.
he We of this knows whereof he writes when
he states that before the present State Government
ame into power, and between that time and the com
menoement of the year 1866, there were 15 white men
ho stood charged with a number of murders of hlacks,
nging from 14 charged against one Iman alone
Rown to a single wurder. As before stated, the
ter i8 cognizant of this und has on one occasion
ound bodies of negroes, with bullet holes through their
ds, in the woods. The perpetrators of these crimes
satisfactorily known in the minds of many,
but to prove them guilty is another thing.
could call names, but the names of several
tf then are now embraced in reports in the War
Department. The idea of the QUITeSDURdeD}
tating that the Radical auditor could rot give him the
jeulars of one of these widuight murders is simply
dcnlous. The living vietiwes only can give particulars
pd even this they are afraid to do, unless guaranteed
potion. This, thank God, is at hand, and such par
a will be made known of even the doings in New
County, where, notwithstanding this account, only
one Arrest has as yet heen made, as will cause the faces
pf Lonest men to blush that such cries can be coln
pitted by any human being, and as will make these
priminals’ fuces bleach with fear.
On Thursday last a band of men, mounted, with their
ms upconcealed and siung in regular marching order
d provided with rations, rode into New-Pickens, the
auty seat of Pickens. They called on the United States
p joner there, inquired for maps of the United
tates, and stated they were leaving South Carolina for
wd. No person in the village was able to recognize
iy of thew, but it is thought they were a collection of
obiefs who are wig every endeavor to elude the
yvernimnent officers. wey did no damage, and, after
ding about tbe village, took up their line of march
ross the mountains into Georgia. The result of the
isclorurcs is the Jertect disorcunization of the Kian
those counties where the writ of habeus corpus Las
a" oysovameszboa rd
$660 suspeuded
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF Sto: NAL OFRpICIR
WASHINGTON. D.C. Nov. 1, 1871=7}. uw
bie
CAN TAME IE BE, SE A nw oo hina. J
WASHINGTON. D. C., Nov. 1, 1¥71—=T un.)
Symopsis for the pas! twenty-four hors
The area of lowest barometer, which was
ay evening in Indiana, has moved vorth-cas' to
ke Huron and thence on the coast of Maine, with con
‘nuslly decreasing pressure. Fresh south-westeniy
inds veering to north-west, with rain. have prevailed
om the Carolinas 10 Maine. Clearand clearing weather
now reported from New-Jersey to Georgia. The Lorth
easterly winds on the upper likes and Lake Erie have
cked to the south-west. The barometer has fallen
ymewhat at the noth western stations, but clear
eatber continues, Norther!r winds and clondy weather
Unue in the Gulf Stites west of Georgia. The tem
srature has risen west of lin ix and Michigan, and to
Auge extent on the Atlantic Coast, It has fulien ¢lse

MW

The area of high barometer in the Ohio Valley will
robably move north and eastward, with brisk northerly
inds to-night for a fhort time, from Virginia to New
ork. followed by Rardally Condy and clear weather on
ursday in the Middle Btates and on the lower lukes,
d with south-westerly winds and rising temperature
p the upper lakes. North-westerly winds veer ng 10
uth-west continue on Lake Ontario on Thursday, and
resh north-west winds continue on the New England
t, lucreasing to a moderate gale at sole distance off
hore. The low pressure ou the coagt of Maine will prob
bly Jruuce a severe storm in Nova Scotia. Cautionary
ignals are ordered from Chesapeake Buy to Maine for
TE YI 3

A KAFFEE FIEFEFVATOR
3K Lditor of The irioune.
8: Your article this morning on the “Ten
to High Buildings,” conveys the injurious fmpres
Elevators, even the best in general use, are ne
v unsafe, the only safeguard against accident
system of ‘wedges or catches,” inoperative
the chamber shall have fallen several feet. This
ny both in fact and inference, we ask vou to
lish this, and otherwise correct as far as practicable

h inlurious impression.
It is frue, as yon way, that “a perfectly safe elevator
Wes an blest 0 the first finporiance.” We build
wt such an Elevator, nor is it a novelty. For many
ears we have been erecting our Bafety Hoisting Ma
binery,” of which several thousands are in use, moving
dla of individuals usd Saluou of Sullars Worth
daily in perfec ety. Our 24] safety
Fy duplicated and reduplioated, we place “on
gt every possible polut 0 accident, reveaksd by
years’ experience in making and running these ma
nes, and they insure absolutely that whatever may
y nothing ean rall. Thene appliances come into use
ly in cuse of poten their efficiency is consequently
ot linpeiired by use. Their operation, wheu called ou, is
tanlanucois as the electric spark, and sure as the law
vitation. In addition to the Yery best steel cables
machinery throughout, we employ the following
Apparatus:
1. “The Patent Kafety Lock Ratchet and Self-locking
il instautly TIE the car if the cable should
1 “The Patent Double-acting Bafety Drum,” prevent
fou the car's too rapid descout, frolu why cause, whide
oonnected with the cable.
8. “The Patent Safety Sheave and Brake, preventing
fendary trom winporary obstruction of cur, on its way up
1b “The Patent Bafety btop Conuection,” acting on
ining Sram and abutting off stealn, preventing entan
Clewen ropes.
b. “The Po Automatic Stop Motion,” securing the
#loppage of the car at the upper and lower landings
Sgt all the usual operating conuvectious were de
Thess substantial features of security are common to
Al our machines. We manufacture regularly seme 30
Varieties of Holsters, all of them known and guaranteed
Whe sale. They have borne the grave responsibility of
arrying thousands upon thousands of human lives,
‘Without the loss of single one. Your strictures may
have pertinency when leveled at machines erected he
canes Seay; or under the mistaken notion that wachin
ay for eublos of a given camstricuon cannot break, but
hi to be relieved from say complicity in or lability
Berctor, ‘fruty yours, Ori» Bros, Co.
No. 348 browdway, Now-York, Nov. 1, 1¥i1.

Wall-st. operators consider rustic urbauity to
Sonnist fu milking the street,” snd Lold that the seuti
oat of fluuuce ts shown Wu  syueczibg the warket.”

THE K¥P-KLUX.
THE WEATHER.
Wik DYPARTMENT.

Ina hahilibies
Jonx C. Perry, the candidate of the Re
publicans and Reformers of the Ild District
(City of Brooklyn) against James I. Pierce, is
morally sure to be elected. Ile is capable and
worthy; he is widely known and popular.
Take hold, Republicans of the 11id District!
ard give him an overwhelming majority
pe
We hope to chronicle next week the clection
of our veteran brother journalist, GEORGE C.
BENNETT, to the Assembly from Brooklyn.
Mr. Bennett has sufiered ere now for telling
the truth about legislative corruption among
members of his own party, and has learned to
Late political thieves. Give him a rousing
majority, Republicans of his district!
eis
We understand that a Mr. Knapp is still
running for Assembly in the XINXth District,
thus rendering it possible that Tom Iields
may be returned. We pray Mr. K. to decline
and do his utmost for the election of Gov.
Seymour. Help the Republican cause, Mr.
Knapp! by showing the overwhelming Demo
cratic majority in that district that you are
ready to sink party in order to save the City
from further spoliation. You will thus make
more Republicans than you could by going
to the Assembly ten sessions. And yon must
know that either Seymour or Fields will
surely be chosen.
Weeks W. Cvnver and Severs D. Mouw
Ton are anti-Ring candidates for Assembly in
the XXth District. They are both good and
true men—there are not, and cannot be, too
many such—but there is one too many candi
dates, and we beg our friends in that district
to withdraw one of them. We want to help
beat William Hitchman, who, 2s Tweed's
Speaker of the Assembly, has put through,
unread and unconsidered, more audacious
schemes of plunder, aimed at the tax-payers
of this City, than any other man who ever
lived. It would be a erime to reéleet Hitch
man it is a shame that there is any doubt of
his defeat. Friends in the XXth District!
rednee yonr two exeellent candidates to one
without another day’s hesitation!

SIXTY-LIGHT THOUSAND AND EIGHTY VOTERS
REGISTERED YESTERDAY—TOTAL REGI!ISTRA
TION, 91,816.
The registration of voters throughont the
eity, yesterday, in spite of the storm in the early part of
the day, was very brisk. As will be scen by the returns
given below, however, the total is not so great us
last year. There are still two days left for registration,
avd it 18 possible that the total of last year, 142,666, may
he reached. So far as reported by the police there were
no digturbances of any kind, nor any arrests for illegal
registration. Practically, there have been but two days’
registration this year, as gearce 500 Voters were regis
tered on Oct. 18. The following is a comparative state
ment of the registration last year and this:

THE UNION REPUBLICAN COUNTY CON
VENTION.
VENTION.
A PROTEST AGAINST THE COMMITTEE OF
SEVENTY.
The Union Republican County Convention
held a special meeting, last evening, at Republican head
quarters, pursuant to a request of several members of
the Executive Committee, in order to express their senti
ments regarding the late action of the Committee of
seventy in the nomination of a ficket. On calling the
Convention to order, Gen. Cochrane explained:
We, the organized representation of the Republican
party, have understood that the names presented on the
joint ticket of the different organizations bave been
stricken off by the action of the Counittee of Seventy,
and they. having heen thus, without our wishes, dis
missed from a ticket which was occupled jointly by our
elves, the Reform Democracy of Apollo Hall, and the
Kepublican Townsend organization, it has seemed quite
proper that this Convention should he called together to
fake into consideration the circumstances under which
our ticket is now to be presented for the votes of our
fellow-citizens. 1 don'tknow what Ejlutitie action It may
be desirable to take, but, upon consu tation with some of
our friends, I hud embodied in the following resolution
that which seemed to be important for the Convention to
act upon

Whereas. This Convention. assembled by the authority of the Union
Republican Genersl Committee of the City of New-York, whereof Horace
Greeley is Premdent. did concert with certain other politieal organizations,
t, wit, the Democratic Reform Association of Apollo Hall aud the Republi
esn Committee presided over by the Hon. John Townsiud, aud did eon
car and agree with them in nominating county ticket of Jodges and
Aldermen in the interest of wunicipal reform and gepersl howesty, and
which codperative action was understood to have been invited and wasim
patiently awaited by the Committee of Beventy, who scewed to Lave
“Larged themselves with our city affairs: and.

A hereds The said Committee of Seventy, subjecting to unbealtby cen
pure the ticket thos jointly framed and sree on hy the only three
political iy in the ou of New-York of proclaimed
«nd active hostility to Tammany Ha 1, have astuned to remove from it
the candidates representing thereon the Kepal lituus of the Horace
Greeley organization, and have made a ticket of their own in contemptu
ons disregard of that organization, in violation of ita understanding and
agreement with the Apollo Hall Reform Democracy and the Townsend
Committee Republicans, and ju coutraveution of their own invitation and
professions; now, therefore,
Resolved, That this Couvention, resisting this deplorable conduct of
the Committee of Seventy with a temperate assertion of its own dignity
and self-respect, does bereby adhere to the ticket heretofore vominated
by itself in conjunction with the Reform Democrats of Apailo Hall and
the Republicans of the Townsend Committee, aud does recommend all
fair-minded Republicans and Keformers to support the sume.
Mr. Conover hoped the resolutions of Gen. Cochrane
would be adopted, und that all would go into the election
resolved w stand by one anotler and adhere tothe ticket
as printed. He believed that such a twket would draw
60,000 votes.
Mr. Richardsou—The Committee of Conference made a
report, and they abstained from all comnment, but re
ported their matter pure and simple. It was a ticket
which contained first the name of Nigel for Register,
pext the names of gentlemen for positions upon the Bench
—one Judge of the Supreme Court, two Judges of the
Superior Court, one of the Marine Court, and
then the names of thirteen well selected gentlemen
for Aldermen. That ticket was the result of several
earnest, anxious conferences, as Gen. Cochrane's resolu
tion states. I think the Committee of Beventy, at the
instance of some Republicans on that Committee, have
gone to work peddling with sonte things beyond their
reach, which should not kave been done. I think I know
where the trouble comes from, and T think it don’t come
from the Greeley wing of the Committee. Its a very
(singular coincidence that the nawes off that ticket are
the very names agreed on in a compromise made be
tween us and the Hugh Gardner County Convention.
Mr. Tuuges remarked that the ticket referred to had
been printed in the editorial coluwns.of THE TRIBUNE.
The resolution was carried.
Mr. Leggat Suggested that it would be well to appoint
some Committee to wait upon the Cominittee of Beventy,
and enter a protest.
Mr. Kennedy said it would do no good now to
wake protest, aud could only burt the success of the
ticket.
The Convention then adjourned.

THE NOMINATION OF LEDWITH CONDEMNED BY
THE BAR ASSOCIATION.
The Bar Association held last night an im
portant special meeting, at the call of the Committee of
Fourteen, zppointed to look after the nominees for
Judees. Ww. M. Everts presided. Tho attoudance was

POLITICAL.
REPUBLICAN STATE NOMINATIONS.
REPUBLICAN STATE NOMINATIONS.
Secretary of State..............G. RILTON SCRIBNER.
Controller. ceeseiiieriiiienne. .NELSON K. HOPKINS,
Attorney-General............... FRANCIS C. BARLOW.
State Engineer and Swrveyor. WILLIAM B. TAYLOR.
Canaly Commisswoner........... ALEXANDER BARKLEY.
State Prison Inspector.,....... THOMAS KIRKPATRICK
Anti-Tammany County Tickel:
For Register................MajorGen. FRANZ SIGEL.
For Supreme Cowrt........ GEORGE CO. BARRETT.
For Superior Court....... OEY FE GC UCTS.
For Marine Court.......... ALEXANDER SPAULDING.
ELECTION TURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1.
ee
THE REGISTRY.
Registe Registered Lcgistered Total
Oct. 18 31, Oct.i7&18, Noy. Registered 3
Wards, 18270. 1871. 15871. 1571.
‘es 425 1,870
1 2,256 ,795
iH... 298 42 137 179
Hi... £69 BO 356 466
IX. 3.543 1,187 1,802 2,570
Y 2,043 75 1.477 1,852
Yi... HE “64 1,261 2,i2b
VIL £172 1.431 3.022 4.403
VIII 5,261 1,501 2,756 Gio?
IX... 6,25 017 4,20 5,207
Xie. $3,932 6.” 2,047 2,705
x1: 7.208 1.340 8,730 0,070
xii... €113 1.447 4,223 5,670
XH... 4,228 1,635 1.05% 4,333
XIV... 4,010 237 2,008 2,375
XV... 3,598 708 2,103 2,516
XVi.. 6,212 1,110 HRT. 4,98
Xvi... 0,006 1.607 5,249 6,516
X Vii... 7.763 1,395 5,641 7,026
X1X... 9,233 2,477 6,413 7,76
XX 9,156 2,239 5,385 7.624
XXl... 7,267 1,142 5,340 6,482
X XI... 8,651 1,422 5,339 6,761
T..tal 11% %5%4 AT 7168 Pry O00 91 516
Decrease trom first two days last year, 26,708; total
registration last year, 142,660.

GENFRAL CITY POLITICS
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER, 2, 1871.
largo, and included many of the leaders of the Bar, The
Commlttee presented a formal and quite non-committal
report, but Mr. Macdonough presented as a recommends
tion of several members of the Committee, the following:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this Association, of the nominees of
he seve) Juillica) tayeuiastions jor Judges, to be chosen at ie Susu
SPIO y ecceptable to the legal profession mt o
Fieri aud Sines for {udiolal offices, ad none of fem wholly ita:
Resolped, That thorongh learning in the principles of law is science
Jracties] eX ycrente in its administration, netural judicial ability and
severe fiental training, are indispensable qoniibeations for the service of
the State and the peojle in high Judicial position, over aud above estab
lished fndependence. firmness, and integrity of character.
Resolved, That Thomas A. Ledwith, one of the candidates presented
for tle Supreme Court, fails wholly to meet thase quahfications.
Resolved, That, Sthougy nowivally in the profession, under the loose
rules of admission of which there have been many examples daring the
past few yeurs. in the restricted and correct sense of a learned and traiued
profession, the Bar regard his nomination as they would that of a man
TE eeorrd Thay or
solved, ‘That the vicions, and now, we hope, reformed custom of ad
mitting unlearned and untrained men to the Bay should not in these times
be extended bY Mating such wen to the bench.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this Association, the nomination to
the bench of the Supreme Court of Thomas A. Ledwith cannot command
the assent and does not deserve the support of the legal profession; that
it must be foaled as dictated by political or selfish wotives, and in our
opiuion stiould be condemned by the people.
The recolutions were adopted with singular unanimity.
E. P. Wheeler urged their immediate publication. Judge
Emott seconded Mr. Wheeler's suggestion, and put it in
the shape of a resolution to publish it in the leading
Journals, which was adopted.
Henry Nicoll offered a resolution expressing profound
sywpathy for their legal brethren in Chicago 4) the de
struction of their libraries, and announcing that the
members of the Association would present them with a
full set of the State Law reports, and would open a sub
&cription for that purpuse, This was adopted, sud the
mecung adjourned.
THE GERMAN JOINT REFORM COMMITTEE.
The German Joint Committee appointed at
the recent German mass meeting at the Cooper Instituto
met at Germania Hall, in Third-ave., last evening, to ro
ceive the reports of the sub-committees appointed at the
previous mecting, In the absence of Oswald Otten”
dorfer, Dr. Louis Naumann presided. The Committee on
Nominations, composed of two from each Senate district,
submitted a report, which resulted in the indorsement of
the nomination of O'Donovan Rossa for the Senate in tho
IVth District, and that of Erastus Benedict in the Vth
District. A committee, consisting of Messrs, Otten’
dorfer, Gerke, and Zollikoffer, was instructed to request
the Apollo Hall organization to withdraw the nomination
of Bamuel A. Lewis, a8 the only means of insuring the
defeat of Michael Norton, the Tammany candidate.
Definite action was not taken in reference to the other
Benate districts. Toe various candidates of the Reform
organizations and of the Cowmwauntee of Seveuty for As
sembly were indorsed,
THE SIXTH SENATE DISTRICT—MR., WEISSMAN.
A good selection has been made in the nom
ination of Augustus Weissman as candidate for Scnator
in the VIth District (Tenth, Eleventh, and Seventeenth
Wards), It is naturally to be expected that a district
composed so largely of Germaus as the VIth should send
a Senator to Albany who is respected and honored
throughout our city as a representative German, Such
aman is Mr. Weissman, A native of Germany, he Las
gpent thirty or forty years of activity and usefulness
here, and hag thus become well known among us as an
honest and successful merchant, and wn jot Dicent and
public-spinited citizen, always at the front in every
ovement for reform, Like Mr. Havemeyer, he tlied
vorons positions of public trast in our Municipal Gov
ernment at wu perfod when stealing had not become so
faustnonabie as pow, He if vel! acquainted with onr mn
nicipal atiairs, and if cleeted will prove hiselt just such
a legislator as will be needed in the Benate next Winter
to give us a good charter and carry out the work ot re
tor. His opponents are Woltmann, Tanmany Alder
man, and Nachtwany, Tammany Excise Comlssivuer,
re
MURDPHY'S CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
To the Ldilor of The Tribune,
Sin: The wife of one Custom-House officer
having aired her grievance in your columns, I nn
tempted to give utterance to mine, which is similar, My
husband went into the Custow-ouge about a year ago.
Before he had been there a month or received a cent of
wages, he was called upon for the two per cent tax.
Upon his demurring to pay it, he wag requested to call
at the Auditor's Oflice, which be did, and after discussing
the matter with ome of the ofticiala, a part of the tax
was remitted. Thisis the way in which Mr. Murphy's
“voluntary snbseriptions are collected. The paper
which is preserted for subscriptions, setting forth thet
the sieners, “wishing to aid the Republican parts,” &e.,
subscribe the snmes affixed to their several names, and at
the same time it is intimated that two per ceut of their
salaries 18 expected. And now the year comes round
again, and the same tax is called for, and no one dares
decline to pay, at the risk of losing his place. The past
year has brought sickness and death to our family,
greatly adding to the usual expenses, sand with the
greatest economy, and even pinching, it is difficult to
make “both ends meet.” Ought we to be deprived of
any portion of the pittance honestly our due by those
who can count their millions? For the same reason
gmveu by ibe writer before referred to, Idare uot give
wv hiame to the public. M.
New-York, Oct. 26, 1571.
[We have the name, however, and know it to be
thoroughly reputable and responsible. The gent'e
man referred to in Lis wife's note was a working
Republican when Mr. Murphy aud his coadjutors
were trying to break up the Republican party, aud
will doubtless be equally earnest when they next go
again to their own place.—Z14d.)
tl
GIVE ONE DAY TO THE CAUSE OI" GOOD
GOVERNMENT.
APPEAL OF THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY.
The Executive Committee of Seventy, appointed by the
public juceting assembled at the Cooper Institute, on the
ith of September, earnestly appeal to all citizen<of every
business, trade, and calling, to close their respective
places of business on Tuesday, Nov. 7, and to make the
election itself their sole business for that day, to the end
that a full and fair vote, and an honest canviss at the
close of the polls, may be sceured.
The occasion Ci The responsibility that rests
upon us {3 momentous. The contest ia a direct and open
one between the great mass of bonest ei*izeus who labor
for their living and an organized gang of Paliijeal plua.
derers whose only calling is to prey upon tue City Treas.
ury and to enrich themselves without Iabor at the publie
cost. The Committee deem it of the utmost importance
that every honest citizen, whatever his occupation,
should be perfectly free on election day to devote him
self to the public service. They believe that by this
means thousands of votes will be gained to the cause of
reform, and that by the numerous and determined pres
ence of honest voters at the polls and during the canvass
repeating, false registering, und ballot-hox stutling will
be checked, and the Tammany Ring will be restrained
trom attemptiug the frauds in the count which they have
threatened.
The banks and other public offices, which must, by
law, be kept open, are also urged to make such arranges
wents us will enable every employé to deposit his vote,
HENRY G. STEBBINS, Cliairman.
Wa, HAvVEMEY ER, Vice-Chairman,
RoswiLL D. Haddil, Seeretary.
RoswiLL D. Haidit, Beere
New-York, Oct. 31, 1571.

COMMITTEE OF VIGILANCE IN BROOKLYN.
A meeting of the Council of Vigikinee in
Public Affairs in Kings County was held on Tuesday
evening, at their Council Rooms, in Halsey Building,
opposite the City Hall, in Brooklyn, for the purpose of
discussing the meritsof the several candidates nominated
by the Republican and Democratic parties. After con
siderable discussion the following ticket, selected from
the nominees of the two parties, was indorsed, on condi
tion that each candidate subseribe to the sentiments con
tained in the following pledges, as worthy of the support
of the citizens of Brooklyn
PLEDGE TO BE INDORSED BY NOMINEES FOR WARD
OVFICES,
“J, having been pomnated for the office of
hereby agree that, in cane Iam elected to sald office, 1
will use my best endeavors to reduce UNNECessary ex
penses, to cut down extravagant salaries, to require full
and fair equivalent for money pad, to allow no person
to hold or receive pay or perquisites from more than one
office, to cut off all snpernnmeraries, and to prevent the
fesuing of more bouds for umprovements than are now
authorized.”
PLLDGE TO ME INDORSED BY NOMINEES FUR MEMBERS
OF ASBEMDLY.
«fq, having been nominated for Member of As
sembly, do hereby agreo to use ny heat endeavors to
alter our Charter so as to require elections to be held in
the Spring, and al offices returnable to the people at that
time; to do away with w!l Boards and Commissions, and
to require the public accounts to be published quarterly;
to give tax-payers facilities to Ko before the Courts and
arralgn dishonest officers; to give the Mayor full super
vision over every and all departinents, with power to
sufpend or remove, except for poisical reasons to vote
against any appropriation by the 1afuiatnre of mane
relating to miu Hp offices, und against special legislu
tion when general legislation will answer; to give the
Governor power to slepend or remove the Mayor, the
sume ns he doés Sheriffs: to vote RELAY legislating
money for sectarian purposes, and repeal the law
authoriziug bonds for street {mprovements.’
A Committee from the Twentieth Ward having called
on Messrs. Booth, Powell, and Kalbflelsch, candidates
for the Mayoralty, reported to the Council that Mr. Kalb
fleisch was the only candidate who gave a satisfactory
auswer to their inquiries with respect to the above
pledges.
ddd hada
TE TICKET.
Mayor.......oooovvnee Martin Kalhielsch, oooooooee Dem.
Supervisor at Large..Dw bt JOhnsOu. «oveeiivenss Rep.
Caqnivoller .......cooes v1 Bohroeder. ...ooooviien Rep.
Collector of TN fobrotel ess hese Hep.
City Treasurer....... E. V. L. Hardenbergh...... Dem.
Oty Auditor... William J. Davis. cooeeiiins Dem
J Sup. Court.... Joseph F. Barnard. ....oo000 Dem.
County vessessHonr Moere.....c.oovns Dem.
INatrict- Attorney... Ab KH. Dalley...... ‘or Rep.
County Treasurer,,... Thomas A Gardiner........ Dem.
County Audiior.. rons Chbuncar M. P Veli... "eers om Rep.
Come. of Oharities. 5 Hoory Wil cones TTT Rep.
Coroner: ohu deeneesns Ke
$oiinn wif B. JOne#. .coieerrinniis Dem.
Committees were appointed to walt on the Wwnveral
nominees to obtain their views and indorsementa of the
above pledges. The meting then adjourned to Wednes
diy ovewing, for whe vurvese of hoarlyg reverts from
Committees and transacting other business connected
with the campaign,

GOV. BULLOCK.
A LETTER EXPLAINING THE CAUSE OF IIS RESIG
NATION,
ExzovTivR Dapaxturxr, Stats or Qnania,
ATLANTA, Ga, Oct. 33, 1871.
To my PouTiCAL FRIENDS AND THE Punric: I
bave this as received information, the truth of which cannot be doabted,
that the political conspirators who seek the overthrow, not only of the
recoustructed Government of Georgia. bat of the United States,
have secured the pledges of a sufficlent pamber of the incoming
members of the Lower House of General Assembly to vote, with
out previous investigation, for articles of impeachment against
me, imwedistely after their assembling and organizing on
Wednesday. Nov. 1. And that having so adopted such articles in the
House, a sufficient number of Republican Senators will be nnseated by
the majority to insure a two-thirds vote for conviction. Also. that the
Judge of the Supreme Court, who has continnously acted with these jar
ties. has informed his friends thas this programme has been perfected, nnd
that be bas been selected to preside, daring the trial, over the Senate
while the Beuator representing Gen. Toombs's district is to be elected
President of the Senate, and iumediately announce himsslf us Governor
IX nding the trial before the Scnste, and during the unexpired part of my
erm,
Upon this state of facts I have decided to resign the office of Governor
into the hands of the Hor. Be: jamin Conly, now President of the Senate,
and thereby defeat this vefarions scheme of these desperate political con
spirators. By this course I shall protect oy Joiitical friends in the Fen
ate from the expulsion that had been preordaiued in order to secure my
{mpeachmeut, and at the same time save the State from the disasters that
would be sure to follow in the wake of success om
the part of the uupardoned and unrepentant Rebel
leaders who, though comparatively few in nambers,
move the masses by the irresistible pressure of sectional hate and social
Nrescriptios, I have maintained my official position azninst the assaults of
hese people upon the caose of jal rights and Ropublican Govervment,
just as long us it is possible for me to be of seiv.ee Aud now, for the
purpose of again Stenting this latest onslaught of these destrovers,
hive resiencd the ofhee into the hands of that poble and unawerviog
friend of right sud justice, the Hou, Benjamin Conly, who, under tha
Conatitntion, by reason of being now President of the Sento, becomes
Governor during the unexpired part of my term, or until a snecessor is
elected by the people. No charge has yet been brought agsinst bim,
becane be Las not heretofors been sapposed to te an obstacle, If
a«siults are now made upon him, the coauiry will understand the pur
poses tor which they ar made,
As for myself, being divested of official position, the charges of every
character which they are ware to make in the public priuts, can be brought
before the coors, and shall never sbr ok from any judicial inquiry that
is ot the result of political hias and prejudice,
May I be pardoned for a word of warning to the men who fought for
the Union Bix mouths ago, in Georgia, the mass of the fropie were
SEqreswing fo the recalts of Loe war, nad willing to accept those results
as being finalities, bat under the public teaching of certain old leaders,
who necd not be tamed, ths whole situation bas changed, aud leading
gentlemen, «ven in the Demoerntic party. who dared to speak in favor of
acjuicscence and peace have bern assailed and denounced, and the
people so intimidated that thes dare not follow their advice. These con
spirators fear, above ull else, the reelection of Gen. Grant, Tleir in
sidions eiforts to mislead him as to the tree aitaation in the Soath having
utterly failed. they now fear that same persistent and Irresistible mainte
nance of the right under civil admiuistration which so brilianily marked
Gen. Grant's nilitary advances in the overthrow of the first Rebellion,
1 am now fully sutistied that these men purpose to coutrol the Govern.
ment and reverse the political results of the past few years by peacefal
means if they can, and by foul means if they dare. Failing in this,
another attempt at bon By will le made, "If evidence of this were
want ng, we need but poiot to the public and private utterances of those
who were foremost in Secess on and Rebeliiou, still maiotaiu that they
we.e right, and denounce and ‘gnore the fundamental law—the Conat.ta
tion of the United States. Will the eonntry take heed in time, sud thus
avert another war, with its fearful train of disasters?
If ny action at this emergency Led bern postpooed until after the
meeting aud organization of the coming body of legislators, the Kxecn
tive branch of the State Government would have been absorbed by the
conspiators in the Lezislative hranch, and there would have been no
ehees upon the wholesale ropes] snd destruction of all the great measures
of referin and progress that we have labored so bani to extablish.
I'he free school system woald be abolished; the colored citizen denied
evou the right guaranteed to him, and the whois work of inte rual bn
provewests carried out hy Northern ex pital wonki be swept A¥al, The
growing vpinit of lawlessness avd proscription for pLaives sake is daily
rendering the property and lives of Union men and Republicans more and
more rnsate and 1 tea: the worst couwquences if we kxecutive oflice
should Le tilled by one not only in syrupathy wiih those who urge on and
infBame ths feeling, bat who is moved snd ‘actuated by them. With no
one in the Executive office to esll upon the General Government for pro.
tection an i support, its .nencs en supporters would be banded over with
out meres to the assaults of their eneunes.
For these reasons bate Jcterained on this step, believing that moch
good that sum 2leady been accomplished can be preserved througa the
wise and Cr check pon revel tionury measures that wi I be given by
Gov. Conly in control of the Exeeative Department, and that thereby the
good of tue whole propie of Georg will be promoted; and I +hall cherr
tn gave to Guy. Couly all the information iu my power that Le wey de
"A lewvvas B. Brink.
a
Poth branches of the Georzia Legislature
met in Atlanta yesterday, and adjouruved until to-day,
alier organizing,
The new reform City Government of Charles
ton, 8. C., which was elected last August, was installed
mito oflice yesterday,
The New-Hampshire Democrats will hold a
State Convention in Concord, ou the 13th of December,
und the Labor Reformers on the 7th of December.
A monster Republican torch-light procession
and meeting was held in Corning, N. Y., last evening
Tue Hoi. Chanute ey M, Depew delivered an address.
The registration of voters in the District of
Colnmbia shows 7,602 whites and 6,150 colored; making a
torial of i3,%72, This muuber, however, will be increased
before election,
A luge ratitication meeting was held in
Plughataton yosterday, in support of Dr. Bherman D.
Hand, the Independent Republican and Temperance
candidate for the Assembly, and in opposition to William
M. Ely.
The Chairman of ithe Republican State Com
mittee of Massachusetts has been authorized to address
the National Republican Covanittee, inviting them to
select Boston as the place for holding the National Con
veution In 1872.
The St. Louis Republican expresses the fol
lowing opinfons: The more probable result of a contest
between a Democritie candidate and President Grant,
would ba the success of the latter, The Democracy
would then disappear from the stage as au coustitutioual
party; it could not survive four successive national des
tenis; it would no longer have power to defend the Cott
stitution, und it would cease to attempt to defend 30)
In the T1d Assembly District of Oswego, Abra
ham _Howg, Toinwany Democrat, 18 a candidate for re
election, We are luformed that very largo sums of
money are being used to secure the district again for
Toummany, but that Thomas W. Green, the Repubiican
cavcidate, is woialiy certain to be chosen. The district
is Republican, but Howe Jias Jrosentid itfortwo years,
owing to Republican diséenclons, snd the runuing of
Anti Draw-shop men. The vote last year wgs; Howe,
2,204 Reynolds, 2,001; Harrington (Auti-Draiu-Shop), 112,
All Republicans are now united in the 7 DRoE of Mr.
Green, and they expect to elect him by an old-fashioned
majority.
The following is the Chicago Fire-Proof
Ticket” for City and Connty officers, as finally agreed
upon by both the Republican and Democratic Com
mitteea: Judge of the Superior Court ~John A. Jameson
Judge of the Cirenit Court—Sannel W. Fuller; County
Treasurer— Julian 3. Rumsey; Police Commigsioner—Jucob
Rehm; County Commissioners—>. O, Stearns, Christian
Wahl, John Jones, Charles Hitchcock, D. C, Skelly, John
Crawford, J. H. Pahiman, Mancel Talcott, Carter H,
Harrison, Joseph Harris, Thomas Lonergan, Julius White,
John Herting, Samuel Ashton, Joseph Roelle; City
Opicers—Mayor, Joseph Medill; Treasurer, D. A, Gage;
ollector, George Yon Hollen; Atlorney, Israel N. Stiles;
Clerk Police Court, C. K. Matson; Police Magistrates—
John Sumnnertield, P. T. sberlock, W. H. Stickiey.
It seems to be considered a notable fact that
Judge Pitman, the Prohibitory candidate for Governor
of Massachusetts, shouid be at once a strong Couserva
tive and un anti-rmn man; but perhaps the Judge's
general antipathy to Blue Ruin, may be considered as
i aff rding a satisfactory explanation. If there ever was
good old time when the race didn’t get drunk,
even though it was before the Doinge disgusted mankind
with cold water, and drove Noah into the wine business,
Judge Pitman shows bis conservatism to be rational,
when he looks hack with regret to that non-bibulous pe
riod of human history, Strictly speaking, the Prohtbi
tory nad is the true conservative ol Leas, hearts, hopes
and fortunes unbroken,
LOCAL,
The United Citizens” of the VIth District
have nominated Otto Meyer for senator.
John G. Beck was nominated, List night, for
Assemblyman, by the Union Republicans 10 the XI1ith
District.
The “Bradley Workers” of the Eighteenth
ward indorsed, last night, the nowination of Geo, C,
Barrett for Supreme Court Judge,
Gen. W. 8. Hilliard, §Col. E. DeForest and
others addressed a wass meeting at East side Hail, York
ville, lnst evening, held nuder the auspices of the XXIst
I Distriet Castom-Honge Association.
At a meeting of the Fourteenth: Ward Inde
pendent Citizens’ Association, last night, at No. 208
Grand-st., the following candidates were indorsed: For
Judge of the supreme Const, the Hon. Geo, Co Barrett;
for Register, Gen, Franz Sigel; for Senator, O'Donovan
Rossa.
Sam. Randall, a noted Philadelphia *“re
peater,” wus seen in Jersey City yesterday in commuul
cation with leading Democrats, and is supposed to be
planning to procure the registration of repeaters in that
city er A A sharp lookout will be kept for him and
bis gang, and he wili find it no con) watter to carry out
hix supposed schemes for defrauding honest voters,
The Manhattan Club, which lately joined the
Tammany Association of the Eighteenth Ward, is 1llus
trating Tammany principles by a persistent refusal to
ay #110 rent due to Wm. Hasuridge of Third-ave, and
PAY mtcenin st., for rooms occupied by the Club, last
Spring. These dishonest politicians “are among the
warmest supporters of John J. Bradley, Tawwuany cau:
didate for Senator in the VIIth District.
The Republican Convention at West Farms
was packed on Monday evening by Democrats in the in
terest of Edward Baack, the Democratic nowinee for Re
iver of Taxes. The tax-payers thereupon left the room,
culled a meeting at Larner's Hotel, and indorsed Richard
D. Hamilton, the present incumtpnt. They also passed
resolutions condesuniug the action of Jummes L. Wells,
John H. Myers, and others for their disorderly conduct
in packing the room with Democrats. The resolutions
were signed by Paul N. Spofford, Thos. H. Palle, Bamuel
B. White, nud 50 of the largest tax-payers of the town.
2 wamher of children are said to be regu
A number of children are said to be regu
larly employed here in collecting stamps” of cigars by
.conists who manufacture the fragments
gelftaiu to "his is w new and direct argument against
anfitaking. ot (SL JA
WiLwinarox, Nov, 1.—Rosin firmer at $3 90 for Birained; 87 fe
Pate Crude Turpentine viesdyet #9 66 for Hard; #5 We Telos’
Dip; #5 35 for Virgin, Tar steady at $l
Durnorr, Nov, —Wheat quiet aud unchanged: No, White, "$81 47
414, Amber Michigan, #1 40. Com dull and lower?® $1 ave.
Oats quiet aud aochauged sales al Jie.
Hewdint sins Now allame Srmar:  Ruoerfnn 86 LANs WN:
rotrIrrecalL, NOTES.
THE STATE OF TRADE.
BE am]
DOMEATIC MARKETA
Double Extra, $6 75287; Treble Extra, $7 12429125. Comm
Mixed, 82@83. White, Fe. Osta quid oF robie brm dull ae #140
ee
Har dull and drooping Prime, $2898 Choice. 33. Pork dm;
$15 25 refused; $15 50 asked. Bacon firm; Bhonlders, Blo. Clear ad
Rides, 8c. Clear Sides, 8c. Lard qmet; Tieros, 104e. Kes. 126. Bagar
in good demand: Inferior, 7je; Common, Soule; Good Common, Ye.;
Choice. 1246. Molasses frm; Common, 45c. Prime, 5T@5e. Choice,
60@h24e. Whisky, W1e. 281 2. Coffee firm; Pair. 134 @1%.; Good, 19}
aie. Prime, aie. Sterling Exchange, 121; New-York Sight Kx
shane diseannt Gold 1128.
PASSING ERS ARRIVED.
FROM LIVERPOOL~In steamship Nevada, Nov. 1. —ChLan. Condert,
Jr. Mra. Chas. Condert, Master A Ce Miss Claire Condert and
maid, Geo, H. Peterson, Peter Brown, Mr. Jane Anderson, Edward
Tillon, Mrs. Fanny Gifford, Rev. Theophilas Degen N. C. Edlefsen W.
A. Anderson, Thos, Wooler, John Alford, John O'Hrien, Henry C. Bald,
Misa Jane L. Bmithers, Miss Sarah Britton, Delphy Carlin, Alfred W.
Healy, Mr. and Mm. Isidore Deproch, Mrs, 8. J. Craft, Mrs. F. A. Moal
ton, Mrs. Marian Davis, Rev. WM, (3. Dana, Chas. R. Marvin, wife, son
and 2 daoghters: Mrs. F. A. D. Nichol and 2 children, Mr. and Mrs. Van
Crickelbargh. Mr. and Mrs. Jobn T. Howard, Wm, R. Gardner, wile, in
fant and maid Dr. and Mm. B. W. Kivg, Mrs. Chas. Bernacki aud 2
daughters,
FROM RIO JANKEIRO=In steamship Flaimstead Nov. 1.—Capt.
Weeks, wife and J children, Jate of shi) Acadia, burnt ab sea.

LATEST SHIP NEWS.
For other Ship News see Third Page.)
ARRIVED.
Steamship Flamateed (Br.), Paul, Loenos Avie Rept 30. Montevideo
4, Santos 7, sod Rio Janeiro 11th, with cotfee and 11 pass. 10 Busk
evona,
Steamship Hatteras, Lawrence, Norfolk, with mdse. and pass. to Old
Dominion Steamship Co.
Bark Aune Frances (of Sandy Cove, N. 8,), Morshouse, Humscos, P.
R., 20 days, with sudal,
Dark Norma (N. (1.), Raniseh, Newcastle, Enz. Ang. 27. with mdre,
Brig Sarah Crowell (of Yarmouth, N. 8.), Morris, bt. Johns, I’. R., 15
dasa, with sugar.
Brig San Carlos (of Pembroke), Matthuws, Sydney, C. B., 16dars,
with coal.
SCHOONERS—=RIVEK AND COAYTWISE,
Lamartige, Philaielphis. George asd Emily, Provid-uee,
kas, Providence. Kate aud Mary, Providence,
Mount Hope, Rockland, ‘t rade Wind, Rockland.
LC. Hickman, Boston, KE. I. Ma-s, Boston.
J. Clark, Newport. Wm. Wallace, Boston.
Albert Jameson Roek)and, Saratoga, Providence.
7. Kenyon, Portland, (1, Agues, Providence.
Lady Antrim, Warehan, Ned Suwter, Rockland.
C. L. Vandervoort, Fall River, John Warrea, Providence,
M M. Merriman, Porta). Cuifornia, Nantacket,
Geo. W. Glover, Rockland! Orlando Nmith, Portchester,
Sehr. Win, H. Maller, Crowell, St. Joan, N. B., lu days, wiih lumber.
Addie P, Stimpson, Eastport, Loou. New-liaven.
Clara Post, Por chester, Wn. Henry, Pairhaven,
Hunteeas, Luboe. Arthar Burton, Bangor,
Pacidic, Addisoi, Me. D. (Floyd, Provilenes,
Schr. John 8. Moulton (of Addison), Crowley, St. Joba, N. B., 12 dars,
with lumber. 5
Sehr. Portland. Nelson, of aod 12 days from Windsor, N. 8., with 285
tans plaster,
WiND—Sundown, fresh, W.; cloudy.
SAILED.
Steamships China and Wisconsin, for Liverpool; Victor, for New
Ori ealis
Long Winter Evenings! &20 Buiiakn Taig! Fuli um
Cues aud Balls! Quick Rubber Cushions! Diagram free!
ABBOT Nicuorss, 95 Liberty-st., New-York,
Dressing (Cases of the finest quality.
Scuvyniex, Hantory Gravaw,
19 Maiden-iane and 24 John-st
ee I
Parson's Purgative Pills—Best family physic; Sheridan's
Cavalry Conlition Powders, for Lorses.
Wedding and Visiting Crrds, Initial Stamping Note Pave
Wa. Evi nii's Sons, 14 Fortoa sr. orr, Ob Durca Cuvacn.
BREVOORT
BREVOORT =SCHEERMERHORN—Ip this city, on Wednesday, Nov. 1,
ai Giace Chueh, by tue Rev. Heury C, Poster, D. D., Henry Lefer
Bretoort of Boookl'n to Elizabeth, duugbter of Alired Beberwerhorn,
eal, of New-York,
CARRINGTON—CHAMDETS—-At Newburgh, N. Y., on Tuesday, Oct,
41, by the Rev. Hobart Chetweod, John W. Carirgion jr, of
Chicago, LiL, 10 Mary E., dang! ter of tie late B. B. Chamocrs of same
place
JOUNSTONE—HOLMES—At Cleveland, Obio, Oct. 26, in the First
Proshstesian Chuvel, by Rev. Wm. 1H. Goolrich, D. D., leary P.
Johnstone to Elizabeth K., deaghter of Joseph Holes, esq., Lebanon,
Conn.
PETIT—CHILD=In Brooklyn, Nov. 1. at St. Ann's Charel, on the
Higlts, by Kev. Noal Hent Scbenek, D. D., Mr. William H. Petit to
Miss Maria M. Child, derghter of Mr, Arthur CLild, all of said city.
WATSON—HOLDREGE—At Irviagton, on Tuesday, Oct. 71, by the
Rev. Orville Dewey, Robert Clidund Watson of Boston to Susan G.
Hokirege, daughter of Weary Holdreze.
All Notices of Marriages must he indorsed with ful
name and address.
DIF.
DIED.
CC AERY—On Nov. 1, enrietta Dillinger, wife of George Acry, 216 Clin
CC tonest., cor of Muaison, aged 28 years, months,
Notier of uiceral feicativr,
CLARK—On Weone dav, Nov. 1, Fannie M,, daughter of 7 P. Clark,
aged 19 years and 5 months,
Reiutises and tre ds of the tamily are invited to attend ti frocral an
Friday, ia inst. at 14 o'clock p. m., from No. 166 Curvsiie mais
Wil be Laan to Cypoess Hills Cemetery,
COOPLR- At More sania on Toesday evening, Oct. 31, 1971, Louisa A.,
eldest aaugnter of Thos, H. and Anu K. Couper.
The tv latives awd iriends of ihe ily are uvited to atiend the funeral
from the resi once of her parents, Frankiu-ave., wear Sixth-st., Mor
risauia, on Friday, Nov. 3, at 2 o'clock p. mw.
GU EST—Sacdeny, oa Tuesday, Oct. 51, on his 234 birthlay, Louis La
forte, young: st child of Aaron and PLebe Guest.
Relntis es sd (viens are iavited th attend the fanera) from the residence
of Lis brother-in-law. G, P, Freeman, 147 West Lleventh-st., on Friday,
Noo. 3, at 10 o'clock a, wm.
HIGGINS—At Cranford, N. J., Oct. J1, David 8. Higgins, in the 63th
vear of Lis are.
Friends are invited to attend tle fareral at his residence, on Friday, Nov.
3, at 12 o'clock. I'raius leave foot of Liberty-st., N. Y,, at 10:50 a, m
JARVIN =Ou Tuesday, Oct. 31. Henry 8., son of Wellington and Isabells
L. Jeena, in the 16ER vear of his age,
The relatives sud friends of the family are respeet‘ully 1vited to atten
the funeral from the residence of bis parcuts, 62 dt. Felix-st., Brooklyn
25 Frijey, Nor. 3, at 2 o'clock p. m,
MACY=0Ou Tresday, Oct. 31, Lavinia, daughter of the late Charles B
SAY iS sade eS =m yyrYA
Rs latiyes snd frierds of the fuinlly are ipvited to attend the funeral from
St. Ann's P. KE. Chureh, high eouthi-st, near Fittb-ave., on Thursday,
Nov. 2, at I2m,
SLOAT-—*uddenly, at Campgaw, N. J., Kate, wife of Jobo J. Rloat, aged
27 years, T mont mand 20 days.
Funeral on Friday, Nov. 3, at 12 m,, trom the residence of H. V. L. Vag
eon’ cw oo vr agrd 18 wr, he
4
SWAIN =A Brouxville, Oet. 37 Retoces Fn gy A WE earl 34
age
Faneral on Tharsda7, Nov. 2, at 12 m., from the residence of ber brother,
James P. Swain, Brooxviile, N. Y. Train will leave the Forty-second:
st. Harlem Depot, at 9:30 a. m. Friends of the fumily are invited
«Jo attond witkignt further notice.
THORP—~On Woduesdar, Nov. 1. Addie M. Thorp, Jomzen danghter of
lala A. cud the late Issac O. Thorp, wu the 15th year of her age.
Notice of funeral hereafter,
TOLMAN —-1u Pittsfield, Maas. Sept. 30, Mm. Jane A. Tolman, wife of
Albert Tolman, Principal of the Pittsteld High School, and dauglter
of Justus Tower, esq., of Laneshorough, Mass.
WINCHPLL—On WeJnesiay, Nov. 1. Sarah, wife of (Charles L. Win
chell, and Jauguter of the late Benj. Van Cleaf Abbott, in tie 24th year
of her spe,
The relutives and friends of the fuuily are invited to attend the funeral
services, to be held at ber late residence, 125 Fourth-ave., on Thursday
evening, Nov 2, at 4 o'cloeh. Her remains will be taken to Hudson,
N. Y., for interment.
Hudson papers please copy.
WHERELWRIGHT—In tlic city, on Oct, 41, Washington Wheelwright,
in the 7 th rear of Ine nee,
His relatives sud friends. and those of his Lrother, Benj. F. Wheelwright,
are invited to attend the funeral from his lute residence, 24 Clarkson
st.. on Thursdar worning, at 10 o'cloea. The remains will be taken to
Woodlaw Cemetery for interment,
Gren! Notices
The Cause and Care of Consumption.—The primary causo
of Cansninntion in terangersent of the dige-tive organs, This dersnge
ment prosaces delcieat nutrition and assimilation. By assimilation,
wean that process by which the natriuent of tie fHrod is coaveited into
blood, and thence into the solids of the body. Persons with digestion
thus impaired. bavieg the slightest Rspesnien to pulmonary disease,
or if they take cold, will be very liable 10 bave Consumption of the
Langs in some of its forms; snd boll that it will be impossible
to cure apy ease of Consumption withcnt first restoring
a good digestion and beaithy assimilation. The very first thing to Le done
is to cleanse the stomach and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime
which 1s elo ging these organs =o that they cannot perform their func.
tions, and thea rouse i and restore the liver to a healthy action. For this
vary ose, the surest and Pest remedy is Schenck’s Maodrage Pills. These
Pits clean the sto ach and bow~la of ail the dead and morbid slime that
i+ causing disease nnd decay in the whole srstem. They will elear out
the Liver of all wseased bile tunt bas accumalated there, und arouse ito
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and healthy bile is reo
Ie stoiach, bowels, aud Liver are thus ciesns-d by the use of Scheneck’s
Mandrake Pi; but there remains 1a the stomach an exesss of acid,
the organ os torpid, «nd the appetite poor. lu the bowels, the lectea's
are weak, nd requiring strength and sapport. It isin a con ition 1'xe
this that Schenek’s Seaweed Tonie proves to be the most valuable remedy
ever discoversd. It is alkaline. and its nasa will neutralize all excess of
acid, waking tne stowach weet and fresh; it wil
give pecmancut tons to this important organ, aud
create a good, hearty apnetite, be prepare the evs
tem for the first rocess of a good cigestion,
and ultimately make good, Lealthr, living blood. After this preparatory
treatment what remains to cure most cases of pg od is the iree
and persevenng use of SCHENCK'S PULMONIC SY CP. The Pul
monic Syrup nourishes the system, purifics the blood, aul is readily ab
sorbed mto the circulation, and thence distributed to the disease! lungs
There it ripeas all morhid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, snd then aeiists Nature to expel all the diseased matter in the
form of free expectoration, when onee it ripens. 1 is theo, by the great
Leniing wud purifying properties of SCHENC R'S PULMONIC SYRUP,
that all ulecin nt op Jl are healed up sound apd my paticut 19 cured,
The essential thing to be done in cu ng Consumption is to get up a
good appetite and a good digestion, so thyt the body will grow ia iesh
snd get strong. If a person has diseased lungs, cavity or abscess there,
the cavity canuot beal, the matter cannot ripen, 80 Jong as the sy.tem is
below par. What is necessary to cuir is 4 new order of things, a good
appetite, a zood nutrition, the body to grow in flesh and get fat; then
Nature is heiped, the cavities will heal,” the matter will ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, and the person regain health and strengtu.
TLis is the true and only plan to cure Consumption, and if a person is
very bad, if the luugs are uot ent.rely destroyed, or even if one lang is
entirely gone. if there is enough vitality left iu the other to Leal vp
there is hope.
have seen many persons enred with only one sonnd hung live and enjor
life to a good! 0k age. This is what Schenck's Medicines will do to cure
Cossumption. They will clesn out the stomach, sweeten and strengtuen
it set up a cond digestion, and give Nature the assistance she nevis to
clear the sysiem of wil the disease that is in the lungs. whatever the forma
was be,
It is important that, while using Scbeuck’s Medicines, care shoald be
exercised not to take coll; keep indoors iv cool and Sump weather;
avoid night-air, aud take out-door exercise only in a genia and wann
sucshine,
1 wish it distinctly anders*ood that when 1 recommend a patient to be
careful in regund tu taking cold while using my medicines, To so for a
special repsan. A man who Las but partially recovered from the eects
of bad cold is far more liable to a relapse than one who bas been
entirely cured. and it is precisely the same fu regan to Soussmption.
80 Jong as the lungs are Bot jeriseil healed, just so long is there lmwi
peut danger of a full return of the disease. Hence it Is that I so strenu
onsly caution pulmonary patients against exposing themselves to aa at
mosphere that is uot genial and pleasant. Confirmed Consnmptives’
lun ze are mass of sores, which the least change of atmosphere will in.
flsue. The grand secre: of my success with my medicines cousists in
wy ability to yabdue inflammation instead of provoking it, as wany of
the faculty do. Au inflamed long casuet with safety to the Patient be
exposed to the biting blasts of Winter or the ebilling winds of Sring or
Autumn, It should be carefully shielded. from all irritating influences.
The utmost caution should be observed in this particular, as withoat it a
curs ander Almost any eircamatances is an aposipting,
The person should be Rept on 8 wholesome and nutritious diet, and all
the wedicives coutinned unti) the body has iestured lo it the natural
quautity of flesh and streaglh.
I was myself cured Ne treatment of the worst kind of Consumption,
and have lived to get fat and hearty these many years, with ouc lung
mostly gone, 1 bave cared thousands since, and very many have bees
curd by this treatment whom I Lave never seen.
About the 1st of December, I expect to take possession of my new baild
ng at the north-east corner of Sixth and Arch-ste, where shall be
plesed to give advice to all who my require it.
Full directions you ry all my remedies, so that a person in any
par: of the world can readily ‘eared Ly a strict observance of the
same. J. H. Scuwxcx, M. D., Philadelphia.
N JOHN P, HENRY, #8 Coliege- New-York

I Not 4 will close at this on y nt
am, on Wednesday at 6 a. m., on Thursday at 64 a. m., and on Saterday
Wile m. y P, H. JONKS, Postmaster. _
For Diamonds, Watches and Jewelry, go Ww GKO. CG
Aan ont RAS Meiaduaw summer Matmstmddnbin-db:
MAREIIED.
Committee for the Rellef of the Sufforors by thé
Chicago Conflagration.
Rooms ov Taw Caasnax op Conumncs,
No. 63 WiLLian-s7., October 13, 1571
5
i»
Persons desirous of sbseribing to this object may send their contaibee
tions to the Chamber of Commerse, No. 63 William-st., care of GRORGE
WILSON, Secretary of the Chamber, between the hours of 10 a. m. and
3p. m., or to any member of the Committes. (hicks to be made payable
to the order of A. A. LOW, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTER:
JOHN C. GREEN, Chairman, 71 Sou'h-st.
GEORGE OPDYKE, Vieo-Chairman, 25 Nassau-sb
A. A. LOW, Treasurer, 31 Barling-slip
FRANK KR. HOWE, Kesretary, 88 Wallah
Lite Association of America.
OFFICE, 22 BROADWAY, NEW-.-YORK.
CARDINAL PRINCIPLES:
Safety and fair retarn to policy-holders, Eeonomy and energy in man
ageent, All profits equitably dinded among poiley- holders.
Policies non-forfeiting, fair surrender value guaranteed by charter,
Every State bas one or more representatives in the General Board of
Directors. WILLIAM BAEBNES, Actuary.
C. 1 Bunxms, Attorney.
ee Planting Neuson.
FRUIT TREKS~CAMEKLLIAS,
OKNAMESTAL TREKS AND FLOWERIXG SHRUBS.
RIODODENDRONS, HARDY ROBKER Se,
Packages delivered in Now-York free of chrrge. For ocutslognes. ad
dress PARSONS Co, Flushing, N.
WAmerican 1 natitute.—A stated meeting of thls lostitute will he
beld on THURSDAY, Nov. 2, at its rooms in te Co par Building, at 4
o'clock p. 1. EDWARD N. DICKERSON, Hee See.
Drunkenness and Oplam Eating.—Dr. BKKLS, 107 Pearls
ave., has a peonaven: and i cure for both Wiese evils Thoussaie
cured, onl or sed stamp for evidence,
Committee of Seventy.
RALLY TO PUT DOWN CORRUPTION!
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF TAX-PAYERS AND CITIZENS
FOR TH FINANCIAL REFORM OF THE
CITY AND COUNTY OF NEW YORK
call upon all good citizens to join them at the
GGIRAND MASS MEETING
TO BE ULLD AT THK
COOPER INSTITUTE
ON
THURSDAY LVENING, NOVY. 2,
1 AT NS CLOCK,
to bear the Report of
THUR COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY,
AND TO RATIFY THE MUNICIPAL REFORM TICKET.
Tue Meeting will be addressed by
Messza, TILDEN, SEYMOUR,
EVARTN, KiRNAYN,
(CHIOATH, GOEPP,
KAUFMANN, SIGRY,
STEBBINS, DAVES,
and other distinguished speakers
There will be three oatside stands, one presided over by ex-Gawe
SALOMON, where the speeches will be in German; one presided oved
by SIMON 87 ELNE, aud one by the Hon. EUGENE KTLLY.
A Grand Kutification Meeting
of the GERMAN-AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF THR EIGHTS
SENATOLIAL DINTRICT, to ratify the
UNITED REFORM COUNTY TICKET,
DAN. F. TIEMANN for Senator,
8. D. MOULTON for Assemblyman,
is to be held on THURSDAY, Nov. 2, at 8 o'clock p. m., in Terrace Gare
den, and all German and American citizens, without distinction of party,
especially all true friends of Reform, are cordially invited (0 be presets
The following eminent Sheakers will address the esting
DAN. F. TIEMANN, APOLPH KESSLER, M. D,,
8 D. MOULTON, HENRY CLAUS: EN
en. F. BIGEL, THEO. GLAUBENSKLER,
S. HIRSCH.
Tle Bxeeative avd Nomination Committee,
ApoLpH KrssLer. M. D., Necretary. EMIL BRAUER, Chairman.
HENRY CLAUSSEN, ANDR. WILLMANN,
CHRIS, SCHWARTZ, J. ROBINSON,
FERD., TRAUD, A HEIM,
FRITZ SCHA" FER, A. MICHELBACHER,
_k. 0. BEUNKT, J. KLINKER.
Union and Victory
A mass meeting of the citizens of the XXth Assembly District will be held
on THURNDAY EVENING, Nov. 2, at Grim's Giarden, 709 and 791 Third.
uve ut 8 o'clock, for the purpose of uilyiog the Republican State ticked
ard the Reform Coznty ticket—FRANZ SIGEL for Register, WM.
HAW, Jk. for Senator, and WEEKS W. CULVER for Assembly.
Julge KELLY will preside, and the following. aatied gentlemen will powi
plow address the Mepkiog} Gen. FRAN Sih, Gen. GEO. W.
PALMER, Hon. ETHAN ALLEN, WREKS W. CULVER, esq.
JAMES JACKSON, Pres, XXth District Republican (1ownsend) Ass's.
JOHN W. OLIVER, Pros. XXth District Republican {reeley) Asv'n.
BE. 0. JOHNSON, Pres. XXth District Pepublican Campai lab.
N, C. LEE, Pres, XXth District Republican Grant Club, 8
JOAN SCHNEIDER, Pres. XXth District German Bepubdlican Cluk.
HERMAN CANTOR, Presa XXth District Gerwan Reform Club.
Citizens Aronse! Down with Corruption!
A pat lic meeting will be held on FRIDAY EVENING, 3d inet., st 8
o'clock, in the hall of the Bast Side Association, north-east cor. of yy
sixth-st. and 3d-ave.. to ratify the nominations of DANIEL F. TIBM i
‘or Senator of the V111th Senatorial District and WILLIAM A, WHIT»
BECK tor Assemblyman of the XXIst Aswan Distriot,
Hon. SAMURL G. COURTNEY,
Gov. BALOMON,
Hou. THEO. EB. TOMLINSON,
Col. VANDRNBURGH,
an! other eminent speakers are expected to address the meeting.
“YORKVILLE POLITICAL REFORM LEAGER
Nov, I, 1371. dy pei 5 As AMID
Pullman and Reform.—All citizens of the Vilth Senatorial Dis
trict who are in favor of thorough Reform and opposed to orrupden
wherever it exists, are ipvited to asser lle [A g at Repub YY,
Headquarters, corner Fifth-ave. 8 alr on FRIDA
EVENING, Nov. 3, 3 ote ratify Paley” tion of CHRIS
TOPHER PULLMAN fof tor. Hon! AC REELEY Gen
JOIN A. FOBT Gu—BINCLAIR TOUSEY, SAM'L J. GLASSK, aad
5 soe Fs Gomi"  PRENY WACK, Grae
ys vrder e Committee.
“Go. P. CoatNON, Becrotary. ai lp oR RAW.
“The Republican Mass Meeting at Hatvard Rooms, Fortys
secopd at and Sixth-ave., FRIDAY EVENING, wiil be addressed

bot jim}! MPBELL, esq., snd others tho N he hd bs
Union G A Te A%0 res. Ass,
D B. Me oh, Seg 2 ia al MA Xs
Ninth Ward Council of
BOLT REFORM.
A public meeting of citizens of this Ward will be held at Labanen Hell,
No. 593 Hudson-st.,
THURSDAY EVENING, Nov. 2. at 8 o'clock,
Hon. ERASTUS C. BENEDICT and
DEXTER A. HAWKINS, esq.,
have been invited to addiess the meeting. All who are interested in the
success of the Reform ticket are invited.
THos. L. THorNELL, Rec'y. __JOuN R. VOORHIS, Pres.
Twelfth Ascembly District Germar Union Republi.
can Campaign Club.—Grest Mass Mecting on THURSDAY, Now,
2, 1871, at 3 o'clock p. m., at 642 Fifth-st., for Seribner, Nigel, Weissmang
Beck, and Fr. W. Vatu, Cept. Leopoldi, President. H. Sturs, Viess
President. Paul Schoitsler, Secretary. Fred. Klein, Treasurer.
sixteenth Assembly District Union Republican Asses
cintion.—A meeting of the above Association will be held at Demild
ial, corner of Twenty-third-ss. and Second-ave., on FRIDAY BVEN
ING, Nov, J 1871, at 74 p. m. WM. ATKINSON, Presudest.
“Committee of Seventy.”
The following pominatious have been indersed Ly the Committes of
Seventy, aud are recomended to all honest voters:
For Justice of the Supreme Court,
GRORGR C. BARRETT.
[3AAC V. TRU», Secretary,
“Committee of Seventy.”
The following pominatious have been inderved Ly the Committes of
Seventy, aud are recomended to all honest voters:
For Justice of the Supreme Court,
7 GEORGH J. BARRE.
or Jad t uperior Coart,
WILLIAM E. CURTIS,
JOHN SEDGWICK.
For Judge of the Court of Common Pleas,
CHARLES P. DALY.
For Justice of the Manor Court,
ALEXANDER SPAULDING
For Register,
FRANZ SIGCEL.
For Aldermen:
PETER GILSKY. ALEXANDER WILDER,
SAMUEL B. H. VANCE, JOHN FALCONER,
JENKINS VAN SCHAICK, OSCAR ZOLLIKOFFER,
WILLIAM RADDE, GEORGE W. VARIAN,
SOLOMON MEHRBACH, GEORGE BURGHARD,
ALEXANDER MARTIN, JOHN FOLEY,
JAMES FITZGERALD, GUSTAVUS W. FABER,
JOSEPH C, JACKSON.
Senatorial;
Dist, Diat,
IV..J, O'DONOVAN ROSSA, Vil..JAMES O'BRIEN,
VO ERASTUS CO BENEDICT. VIL. DANIEL PF. TIKMANN,
VIiLALGUSTES WEINMANN,
Assemblymen.
List Irie
1.. JAMES HEALY Xil..IIENRY E. CRAMPTON.
1 HENRY G. LEANK XI. .GEORGE IH. MACKAY.
HI. HENRY P. WENT XIV..JOUN A. FOLEY.
IV..JOUN HECKER. XV..FREV'K KILIAN,
V..DAVID 8, PAIGE XVL..NICHOLAS HAUGHTOK.
VILISAAC WOOD. XVII..CHAS A, FLAMMER.
Vil. HORATIO N.TWOMBLY. XVIII..SAMUEL J. TILDEN.
VIlL..CONKAD GEIR, XI1X.,HORATIO SEYMOUR.
IX..STEPHEN PELL. XX..SEVERN D. MOULTOR,
X.. HENRY H. HAIGHT. XX1..WM. A. WHITBECK.
NEURUSH Co HAWKINS.
Roswikrr D. Haren, Bee's. HENRY G. STEBBINS, Chairman.
Democratic Reform Nominations.
(Aoti-Tammany.)
For Justice of the Supreme Coart,
GEORGE C. BARRETT.
For Wi of the Saperior Court,
WILLIAM FE. CURTIS, JOHN SEDEWICK
For Judge of the Coart of (Common Pleas,
CHARLES P. DALY.
For Justice of she Marine Court,
ALEXANDER SPAULDING.
For Kegister,
FRANZ SIGEL.
For Aldermen,
PETER GILSRY, JAMES MCLAREN,
JAMES FITZGERALD WILLIAM RADDK,
ALEXANDER WILDER, DANIEL D. CONOV
JOHN COCHRANE, SAMUEL B, i. VANC
JENKINS VANICHAICK, MICHAEL CARROLL,
JOHN FALCONER, JOHN DILGER,
SOLOMON MEHRBACH, WILLIAM JOYCE,
ALEXANDER MARTIN,
Finth Senatorial District,
Eighth, Ninth, Fifreenth, and Sixteenth Wanda
FOR SENATOR,
MICHAEL NORTON,
weventh Senatorial District. 3
EIGHTEENTH, TWENTIETH, AND TWENTY-FIRST WARD&,
UNION REPUBLICAN NOMINATION
FOR SENATOR,
CHRISTOPHER PULLMAN.
a
Villu
(Twelfth, Nineteenth. Wards).
mee AR
Tealghih Nes Tweaty-second Wards.
7 Viloon ae, efor

[18 bly I
0 30 OMBLY, y
~vales Wipabiioan 854 Before Newton donor Ini
a. aad at oi
CERN (7 Eri Assembly Distriet, OTIS T. HA
and Tax-payers’ Nomination for Ausistant A
XXlst Assembly District—8TKPHEN ROBERTR
“jiloction Rings st dows town yrices at KELLOGG POTTREN,
Rp ny No. 1B Tyr ave.

1


Political Notices
A