MACGREGOR'S MISDEEDS.
2
A THOROUGH INVESTIGATION DEMANDED.
SYNOPSIS OF THE CHARGES AGAINST THE BUILD
ING DEPARTMENT—THE IRON INSPECTION
FRAUDS HOW EX-JUDGE TAPPEN WAS
BLACKMAILED—TENEMENT HOUSES MULCTED
—CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE FOR THE BUILDERS’
COMMITTEE.
The disaster in Tenth-ave. on Tuesday by
which 80 firemen and policemen, while endeavoring to
save a burning piano factory from destruction, were
overwhelmed by treacherous paper walls,” which had
been duly inspected and erected in strict accordance
with law,” not only warns oheap builders and reckless
proprietors of the peril of thin walls, but also directs
renewed attention to the gross mismanagement
of the Building Department, and the official misde
meanors with which {ts Superintendent has
been charged. The calamity occurred within a short dis
tance of the six-story building which was blown down
year ago, causing the loss of several lives, and by a sin
gular coincidence the factory is owned by the same pro
prietor, and was erected by the same builders. There
seems to be little doubt that both buildings were inade
quately supported by walls totally out of proportion to
their hight, and investigation will probgbly show that in
this, as in the previous instance, the structure had been
approved by the Superintendent of Buildings, and con
structed under the supervision of one of the {nspeotors
connected with his Department.
While, however, this casualty opens a new fleld for
investigation, the blackmailing operations with which
the officers of the Department have been charged de
mand a more thorough investigation than they have yet
received. As the Builders’ Committee, with the excep
tion of Matthew Burns, persists in maintaining that no
serious charges have been brought against the Building
Department, the subjoined digest of the published acou
sations has been prepared. Any one who reads these
statements, and compares them with the full reports
given of the recent meetings of what has been justly
termed the Whitewashing Builders’ Committee,” at
which they pretended to consider all the charges against
Macgregor, will bo profoundly impressed with the neces
sity of a more genuine investigation in the interests of
the blackmalled builders. This condensed synopsis of
the charges and allegations is published with the hope
that it will shame either the builders or the mumcipal
authorities into instituting a thorough and impartial
inquiry into the matter.
MACGREGOR'S TRON INSPECTOR.
The investigation of the Dopartment began with an ar
ticle in Toe TRIBUNE of August 31, entitled Tammany's
Latest Job,” which opposed the plan adopted for testing
iron girders, The principal charges against the Depart
ment and its Superintendent, James M. Macgregor, in
that article are appended. The new law requires that
every iron column, beam, lintel, and girder intended to
span an opening over eight feet in diameter shall be
tested by actual pressure in the presence of the in
spector, and Macgregor has appointed as iron
inspector his Tammany colaborer, Peter H. Jack
son, of the firm of J. L. Jackson Brother,
who manufacture just such iron-work as Jackson is ap
pointed to test. He is, therefore, sitting in judgment
upon his competitors in business; and the iron-founders,
objecting most decidedly to so iniquitous an arrange
ment, have formed an association for mutual protection.
The law was designed partly to drive the small founder
ies out of the business, aud partly to furnish politicians
with opportunities for plunder. A man named Arm
strong, now Maceregor's chief confederate, boasts that
be furnished the money which procured the passage of
a bill in May, 1866, which prepared the way for the ap
pointment of Macgregor. Macgregor had told Jackson
that the latter had “a good thing,’ and Jackson, ac
knowledging the fact, claimed that having worked hard
all his life without making anything. he wanted to be
gin.” Jackson repeated this language to two foundery
men, telling one of them that he believed that he had
got hold of something now by which he could make a for
tune.” And, in ®noclusion, Macgregor and his confed
erates were purposing to organize a joint stock company
to do all the work of the city. All the persons who au
thorized these statements in THE TRIBUNE can be found,
and their sworn testimony oan easily be ohtained.
The next evidence in this matter was a statement, pub
lished in The Brooklyn (E. D.) Times on Sept. 9, to the
effect that Peter Tostevin, builder, was assaulted in the
office of the Building Department by Macgregor and his
subordinates, for asking why citizens were compelled to
pay from $75 to $150, and, in some cases, even $450, for the
privilege of building tenement houses.
BLACKMAILING OPERATIONS EXPOSED.
Judge Barnard dissolved an injunction on Sept. 12,
whioh had been obtained at the instance of the Superin
tendent, to prevent ex-Judge Tapven from completing
two houses on Fifty-seventh-st. The affidavit of John
Sexton, builder, in this case, states that he applied for
permission to add two stories to a building, but was
refused, Armstrong, the Deputy Superintendent, direct
ing bim to go to Robert Murray, a lawyer, to obtain
a pormit from the Court. Murray asked $500 for
his services, which Mr, Bexton asserted were not
worth $25. Murray then admitted that he did not get
all the money, but was obliged to divide it among the
Judges. Mr.Sexton paid him $350 by check, and soon
after obtained the papers. The application itself was a
proper one, and should have been granted without in
curring any expense. The affidavit of ex-Judge Tappen
states that the Superintendent has wickedly and wan
tonly pursued him and the men in his employ by insti
tuting a number of actions in different courts, although
ho ia building in strict accordance with the law and the
order of the Court. The deponent claims that he is re
sisting the attacks of the Superintendent on principle,
as it is ourrently reported that various attachés of the
Building Department and others obtain large sums of
money from builders and owners for obtaining exemp
tions and certificates, and for the settlement of frivolous
suits. In another affidavit ex-Judge Tappen said
“To show the manner in which MACEFOROF prostitutes
a high office, and to show wby he should no longer be
permitted to abuse its powers, the following Shaties are
made, and will be immediately communicated to his
Honor the Mayor: A few months ago the SBuperintend
ent tolerated the construction of Tradl brick piano fac
tory many stories high, which fell to the ground before
it was completed, and carried death to a family living
in the adjoining premises. He has tolerated the erection
of wooden buildings within the fire limits in deflance of
law. At this day Jariy vals only 12 inches thick
are being put up In:many buildings just started
in this city, and almost all the new dwelling-bouses now
Honstracting have only twelve-inch party walls from
collar to garret. All this the Superintendent knows,
though he unblushingly denies the Allegwtions, He pre
tends that, in a few instances, such are permitted
because the plans were prepared before the act of 1871
was passed, when, as a matter of fact, the lots have
been bought and the buildings started by owners long
after the passage of the act. In consequence of
this peculiar proviso authorizing all manner of exem
tions and deviations, this remarkable law is not a law A
favorites, who make their price, but a law to all other
persons. Aud some builders who mean to build of poor
matenal are voluntarily a source of large profit to the
Superintendent's employés for exemptions and devia
tions, while a large and Thepectaile class of good build
ers and owners—some of the best men in the city—are
annoyed and persecuted until they also are compelled to
make their peace, and py out money in other ways
which they would expend on construction.”
JUDGE BARNARD DENOUNCES MACGREGOR.
After examining these affidavits, Judge Barnard said
with great earnestness Staton
ned on an
er ur tt. 2 Letncae A Atacvarafnl Muainass ta carriad
1 now vacate that injunction, oDIAINGA On an er parte
statement, and, a8 1 aw satisfied, by fraud in those en
gaged in this business. A dingracatul business is carriod
on in connection with the wilting Department, by
means of Jasancuions obtained ib was, and vais,
coording udge Tappen’s affidavit, was a gross fraud,
and ss Sutrage hich calls for the interference of the
G Jury. When the spplisation was made to me for
Or Injunction in this case, I did not know that it was
against 8 Julye of the Supreme Court. I supposed
t the law was imperative on me to grant
the Jpliestion, bat as soon as I understood
that Waa Jot 40 tigpeteiive u8 Mh, 084 when informed
that, wmecording representations of these
po certificate to erect a Lullding ee th amd,
tained except on the order of an Fioplel, oMtataed by
a sum of money, varying from $10 to $1,000, when they
wore nok satitied to one cont I at once saw the outrage
that was in this case committed. I will now see if I can
pot put stop to officers of the Court (sttorneys) obtain
log Tcuey on the ground that some of the money thus
obtained must be paid to the Judges for
these orders. This is a matter demanding immediate
and thorough investigation before the Grand Jury, to
whom it shall be presented at once.
In TEs TRIBUNE of Sep® 18 the statements of several
buil@ers and iron-dealers were given. An irom founder
said that he understood that Judge McCunn was putting
up eight-inch walls, and mentioned the name of a
builder who paid $600 for the privilege of building a
twelve-inoh wall in Fifty-sixthst. A builder of tenement
houses said thet he was at the mercy of the Department,
snd sdded, I would do well If these thieves would let
me alone,” Another bullder alluded to man named
Stevens, who had pald §1,000 blackmail on 12 houses be
fore’ the cellars were finished; to another named
Kirwin, who had paid 85,000 blackmail on 1
houses in Forty-sixthst., snd on 14 in Forty-geventh-st.,
snd to spother who paid $600. This infofmant had
boon 80 annoyed thst bo proposed to quit the business.
Ho said: Hore isa case of my own; when I was put
ting up my fictory Armstrong came to me and said,
You should put up iron shutters on thst building; but
if you n't want to go vo that expense (about $1,200) I
can peak in your favor. I can get you exempted by the
court, I'll recommend you to some one who will have
you exempted at an expense of $160." He seut me to
Murray, who said, Yes, I cen do it. How much will
Armstrong compel you to pay ‘$180.' ‘Oh, you got off
cheap. He made out the papers, which I signed, giving
net
In Tue TRIBUNE of Sept. 19 was published the state
ment of a very intplligent tenoment-house builder, who
sald:
Isis universally known in the trade that for every per
mit to bund a Aridi tenment-house, whioh shiould
cost nothing, and for whieh no legal payment can bo de
manded, the builder pays one of Maogregor's croaturos
from $125 to $160. Our money was demanded, but if any
application was made to the Bupreme Court we knew
nothing about it, for we never saw any Court permits or
papers of any kind.
OVERWHELMING EVIDENCE OF FRAUDS,
At the meoting in Teutonis Hall, reported in Tur
TRIBUNE of September 23, a resolution was offered by the
original Builders’ Committee calling for the removal of
Maogregor, as a blackmailer. The Secretary read a lotter
from Judge Tappen, calllug upon builders to furnish him
with facts, as ho was ready to prosecute Macgregor, and
procure his dismissal. Mr. Tostevin sald that Macgregor
bad told him that if he wished he could order frame
house to be built in Broadway. As to permits for build
ing contrary to the law, Murray being in league with
Macgregor, had almost a monopoly of the knavish busi
ness of blackmailing; and whenever a builder ap
proached him with a check, the amount of which he re”
garded as too small, he would sweep the check from the
desk, saying: “I'll be d—4 if I take it,” and refusing to
use his influence to accomplish the object of the builder.
The Secretary read the affidavit of William 8. Wright of
No. 20 East Twenty-sixth-st., who made oath that, in
1869, he erected 16 tenement-houses, and that he was re
quired to obtain permits. The affidavit continues
At an interview with James M. Macgregor, he told me
to engage the services of Robert Murray, counselorat
law, then having an office in Pine-st., py 1 was induced
to believe, from Macgregor's statements, that unless I
did engage the services of Murray, I would not be per
mitted to ercct honses tive stories in hight. At or about
the same time I also couversed with Mr, Henry
Armstrong, who was connected with said Depart
ment, and received from said Armstrong the same in
structions, that I must see said Murray if I hoped to ob
tain the necessary permits. 1 thereafter called upon
sald Robert Murray at Lis office, and introduced myself
and stated my business, whereupon said Murray de
manded favment for his services in obtaining such pet
mits at the rate of about $200 for each house, to which I
objected as exorbitant. Thereupon said Murray replied
to said objections that the reason why bis chargea wero
80 high was that it was required that he should share the
moneys with other parties. And sald Robert Murray also
told me that he (said Murray) was required to pay to
Judge Barnard $25 for each order, for each pony signed
by said Judge. I further make oath that Henry J. Arm
strong also told me that Judge Barnard was to receive
$25 for each order for each permit signed by sald Judge.
I do further, on my oath, sal that for the permits granted
me, as aforesaid, danng year 1869, I Laid to said
Robert Murray, by chee Sos bank, in reh of that
year, $1,000; in Apr) of sald year, $150; in June, fame
Lou, $300; and in SIN ATOR 180, $160; but all said checks
ndorsed by said Murray were paid, and all sald I
ments were made by me under the belief that said Mur
ray, as he had stated to me, was required to share sald
Toshio with other parties, and pay sald Judge Barnard.
1 further, on my oath, say that until the time I was told
by Mr, Macgregor to engage said Robert Murray as coun
sel, I bad no acquaintunce with said Murray, nor has
sald Murray, either before or since, been ewployed by me
“8 counsel,
J. W. Marshall, the Secretary, also read a statement
(which he is willing to verify by an affi lavit) containing
eleven charges against the Department:
He claims that blackmailing of builders has been car
ried on siuce the OXgants ation of the Depurtment; that
builders contributed materials and labor to the Superin
tendent’s house to obtain exemptions; that a builder re
ceived permiseion to build an eight-inch wall by giving
plumbing materials for the SAIS Purpose) that hoilders
exemptions could not be obtained by their own lawyers;
that a cheek of §1,400 was given by a builder to obtain
Permission to erect five-story bui gg nr and that when
the check was returned unpald an injunction was ob
tained by the Buperintendent, stopping the work,
which fifunetion was removed upon the payment of the
check; that persons applying for exemptions and per
mits strictly in accordance with the law cau only ob
tain them by employing Murray and paying him ecxor
bitant tees; that the papers p “sented by Murray to the
court have the sworn attidavit «0 Macgregor or his dep
uty attached thereto; that officers of the Departruent
intorm persons applying for exemptions that Murray
is the only person wio can procure such exemption from
the courts; that frivolous complaints are constantly
being wade against builders and owners, and vexatious
suits begun on thew for the purpose of extorting money,
and sald com lajnts and suits are settled npon payment
of sums py from $5 to $100, and the violations coin
plained of permitted to remain. Mr. Marshall gaid that
be bad been fu the employ of the Department, and knew
that the charges were true. He added that Macgregor
had caused a clause to be inserted in the building law
by which tenements were to be furnished with fire
alarms. He knew that Macgregor was interested in the
company that furnished these flre-alurins.
ADDITIONAL HINTS FOR THE COMMITTEE.
A number of affidavits were prepared for presentation
at the mass meeting of builders at Teutonia Hall, on
Sept. 28, but they were not read on account of the dis
turbance of the meeting by Macgregor's adherents,
Among the papers produced was the following receipt:
Received from Simon Stanley, #150, in ful), for Araw
ing a petition and to obtain am order allowing building
on First-ave., between Fifty-second and Fitty-third sts,
to be erected. R. MURKAY."”
Another paper was the affidavit of Btanley, fr: which
he stated that Murray had told him that he had to pay
one of the Judges of the Bupreme Court for signing the
said petition. Another was the affidavit of Wm. H.
Gildersleeve, a merchant, who, after describing the de
lays which he met in getting a permit to build a rear
shop at No. 260 8ixth-ave., says:
I again called at the offices and preferred settling the
business immediately, and gave Mr. Macgregor $100 as
the sum necessary to legalize my plans and specifica
tions (as I supposed it necessary); he took the woney,
and uy plans and specifications were returned to me on
the following day, approved, in my opimon without ever
passing through the Supreme Court.
Another paper was the affidavit of Peter Tostevin,
builder, who stated that he bas paid by check of Rabold
Tostevin, to Robert Murray, the following sums of
money, for procuring permits to build certain houses in
this city On May 25, 1869, $200; on Aug. 19, 1870, $200; on
Feb. 14, 1870, $100; on Bept. 24, 1870, $100; on May 4, 1871,
$400; on Aug. 10, 1871, $75.” He concludes as follows:
And I further affirm that James M. Macgregor is Qer
sonally respousible for the acts of his subordinate, Mr.
Armstrong, who is the person through whom and by
whom negotiations were conducted with Mr. Murray for
these exorbitant charges; that Mr. ATwsirong repeat
edly stated that he would see Mr. Murray In my be
balf, and make the charges as light as possible; that
on one occasion, when Mr. Hurray had made a charge
which I considered monstrous, I applied to Mr. Arm
strong for relief, and a certain sum, which I had Jovi
ously tendered to Mr. Murray, and which he re ed,
was afterward accepted by him, as I believe through the
interposition of Mr. Armstrong. And I farther affirm
that to the best of ny knowledge and belief, James M.,
Nacqrefos knew that Mr. Armstrong was using his of
ficial position for the private emolument of some per
son or persous, and to the injury of the deponent.
FORKI GN GOSSIP.
A Schiller statue is to be unvailed in Berlin
this day, but without any special ceremony.
The Emperor of Austria contributed $50,000
toward the construction of the new Museum building at
Nancy.
M. Thiers has decided on a digest of the Code
Napoleon being placed in the hands of pupils over four
teen in the Communal schools, and over sixteen in the
Lyceums. He wishes that the axiom, “every citizen 18
supposed to know the law,” should be no empty phrase.
Antonelli, the Papal Minister, is 65 years of
age, and for 21 years he has occupied the position of Min
ister President. Tt 18 said of him that, although his
statesmanship has not been a success, still, Italiun-lke,
he has known how to rovise for himself and family, he
and Me brother being classed among the wealthiest people
of Italy.
An interesting old picture, “Abundantia,”
pronounced by some a Corregio, by others a Titian, was
lately exhibited in Leipsic. For centuries it has been in
the possession of one of the families of the nobility,
and when purchased by its b prone OwWDner was in a badly
injured state. By means of the Pettenkorfer Prove be
was restored to its former beauty.
The question of “female labor” has met
with a practicsl solution In the cutlery manufacturing
districts of Thuringia. The women polish the blades
and carve the handles, the danghter often seizing a ham
mer to ald her father at the anvil. A family of eight can
turn out about 30 dozen knives a week, Tocqtvina
55 Sania en dose, /\rnishing the material of In
Spite of S Doser I: We people ar Som iewted. The
or, usually on und floor, the polishin
ue carving being done in an apartment overhead,
Ueber Land und Meer, speaking of the
Prussian Btate lotteries, says: ‘The people are so fond
of risking their money that the shares are always taken,
many of them even falling iuto the hands of speculators,
whom they are sold at advanced prices. No ol
2 A the ei of the moralist, sees any harm in
this. Lotteries are a necessary evil, and for goon
it will always be possible to justify them.” In Prussia
four drawings take place ann Theee are held in
Berlin, and the last contains the gost prizes, amount.
ing to $112,000. During several days occupied in these
rawings, JAR) Dereous do brisk business by renting
their numbers for a day, or even for an hour,
Don’t let any of the lessons of the Chicago
burning be lost for want of reiteration! Charles Ran
dolph, Becresary of the Chicago Board of Trade, has
written a letter read to the Boston Board of Trade last
Monday. What gpeeially astonishes Mr. Rando
(enough to astonish 0yDody) ioAthe immense pe
tion of books Wad pape in safes.” No safes, as 8 whole,
proved 40 Jo mueh some stood well and some
ut an ralosiaiy I Aion
vi ul
Slselosed in this world of documents and aocount-books,
It is almost ss discouraging as the fire-proof buildings
which were tried and found using, or as the Insurance
Companies with assets cstimsted at 000,000,000, be the
same more or Jess, which have turned out mostly leas and
very little more. A salamander who Jus himself for
ward as non-combustible, aud who subsides Into ashes
wud cinders at the first severe trial, is fabulous indeed.
A safe that Isn't safe is an expensive delusion, and a
snare to those who tonchingly contide in it.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 187L
DISOUSSIONS BY WOMEN.
EE
WORK 'AND SBOPHISTRY.
Yo the Ndétor of The Tribune.
au Wik arwWwyYrTvYI=Ysd 498 47 vHemide
Sir: That I am a transplanted Yankee you
will soon find out, and I will tell you, in addition, that I
#m an old honsekeoper, with a husband and one child, TI
have a beautiful home, and I love it, and do not thin It
any degradation to perform any service which the com
fort of my little family requires to be performed.
Unfortunately, while I do not lack the willingness, T do
lack the health to do real hard work, and for years it has
been my desire to find an American woman of ordinary
intelligence and good character who would accept a
home and liberal wagos, glving me in return only 6 rea
sonable amount of labor and time, I have heard the ory
of the poor year after year, and, God js wy witness, I
have not shut my ear or my hand; but, while I have
pitied and aided, 1 have diligently inquired in this and
other States, Is thero not In all this great crowd of pe
titioners ono young girl, ‘old maid,’ or widow, who
would be glad to tomo and be mistress of my cheerful,
convenient kitchon$” Iam still in search of that per:
son, and while I wait her coming, am at the mercy
of a multitude of thieving, impudent Irish girls,
and slovenly and incompetent negroes. Nor 18 my case
singular, even in the pleasant suburban city whe o I
live. Many a delicate woman of abundant me. 8 to
perform the daily drudgery of her household, often w
the serious detriment of her health, for wat of a servant
“who knows anything of the duties of he. station.
Our poor girls rush into the ranks of milli’ dress
makers, shirt-makers, &c.; work hard ana .aremn ingly
for small returns, and often break down in health and
fill early graves. The Irish ladies who rule over us,
sport their sitks and velvets, visit and entertain visitors,
and keep their rosy choeks and vigorous health. Is
there any help for this state of things? Can an Amerl
can gid or woman be persuaded or reasoned into the
belief that slié can preserve her self-respect even while
a humble mamber of a respectable family 1—that the
angels may look down with more favor ou tho girl whose
willing hands do not hide the stains of honest labor than
upon her whase joweled fingers do but advertise her
shamet I support with all my might and main the
sentiment of C. L. R., in a recent TRIBUNE, that it 1s
time to have done with this nonscuse about poverty
driving women to a life of wickedness,
Ilovo mysex. I rgd from my heart those who have
fallen; butl solstuhiy wash my hands of auy responsl
bility. Moreover, I declare my firm conviction that the
fs who turns aside from virtue, with the excuse on her
ips that she cannot support herself honestly, knows it
to be a lie. T am but oue quiet little woman, a Keeper at
home, and not a believer in a woman's right to be Presi.
dent, but I am brave enough to pledge myself to find
good homes for 60 modest wnd honest girls or women
who will show themselves willing to be taught, and who
will be faithful to their employers’ Interests,
Would it not be well for American wives to set their
wits to work, and with the ald of husbands, sons, and
brothers, devise some pian to remedy this growing and
wlready formidable evil of servant tyranny! American
women have been unconscious helpers in the bringing
about of this state of things; let them atone for their
gharo in the wrong by dofug their best endeavors to
inaugurate a new system. Let them cease for a while
their castigation of the tvrant man, and consider the
wrongs which woman suffers at the hands of woman,
Let them use their powers of pen and veice to pergnade
American girls that labor 18 not crime, that service faith
fully rendered to another, though it be humble service,
can never degrade a virtuous woman; that many a
worn-out housekeeper would learn to love one who
served her, not witn eye service, but as one who really
desired to contribute to the family comfort and pros
perity; and that to work by dnyight fu a comfortable
roow or rooms, eat at a well-filled table, and sleep at
pight on a good bed in a we!l-aired room, fs rather moro
conducive health and purfiy, than to live on baker's
bread, aud cheap tea, sew till miduight by a poor light,
and £0 to a disturbed sleep in a room possibly over
crowded with occupants,
Now, will not You of the newspapers lend a hand In
ushering in the golden age (not Tilton's—Heaven forbid)
when intelligence and integrity shall not disdain to
make their bome in our kitenens, and when Sishonesty
and insolence shall find themselves left out in the cold.
yy cannot housekeepers form associations for mutual
actfon and protection, establish a scale of wages which
shall be just but not exorbitant—pledge themselves not
to give wore than the sums stated, and have Lluis fact
posted in every respectable futelligence office,
way not coax some rich and philanthropic friend to
found a training scliool for servants, as Florence Night
inale has done for nurses—vizit the school, know the
pupils personally, and counsel them and show that their
interests and yours are not at war. All this 18 possible,
Indeed, what is impossible to men and women who
accomplished what was accomplished during our war, or
to men and womon who, at u hours’ notice, ean feed
and clothe the inhabitants of a desolated city We have
but to be 1n earpest, and work together for the blessed
end, and justead of being driven from our own firesides
to take refuge iu hotels and boarding-houses, there to
live idle, alinless lives, while our children are exposed to
influences we are powerless to counteract, we shall
father round our evening lamp and with grateful, con
nted hearts echo the strain, There’s no place lke
home," ANOTHER.
New-Jersey, Oct. 25, 1871.
To (he Edilor of The Tribune.
To (he Edilor of The Tribune.
Sik: In your editorial note at the termina
tion of my letter, entitled by you A Young Lady oun the
Social Evil,” and published in your issue of Oct. 14, you
say I am uncandid and disingenuous when T assume
that you discriminate in favor of the man who offends
against chastity, My conclusions were the outgrowth of
the opluions expressed in your editorial headed “Help
to Fallen Women,” which appeared in THe TRIBUNE of
Sept. 27. The fmpression left by a careful reading of
that article was that Tue TRIBUNE holds the world’s
severity to the woman and leniency to the man, when
the ‘us against chastity are ogual, to be, perhaps, a very
sa. but certainly unalterable and righteous law. Re
belling against this implication with brain and heart;
holding that a just judgment in this matter is one of the
vital needs of the times, and that upon an entire change
of public sentiment In reference to it rests
the salvation or ruin of thousands of
American women every year; esteeming THE
TRIBUNE a power that can, when it will, educate
beyond all computation the minds of our people aright,
and feeling that the article under discussion must in
evitably—if an inference may be drawn from language—
guide in a wrong direction believing that the question
requiring settlement is simply whether, the guilt being
equal and equally known, the social ostracism now
visited npon the woman alone should not light equally
upon both, and if so, whether every newspaper of influ
ence in the country is not morally bound, in behalf of
humanity, to so declare in plain, unhesitating, unmis
takable terms—feeling that in the above-named artiole
you bad failed to do this, my protest was entered. Now,
if I am wrong—if I have misinterpreted the article in
question, if THE TRIBUNE meant to denounce as well as
to ‘“deplore” the existing condition of society, which
excuses or ignorea the sin of the man, while it knows no
“pardon for the woman who {8 a sinner—then I owe Tue
FRIBUNE an apology, which I here most heartily tender,
Allow me also to correct your mistake in supposing me
a young” woman, in the sense of being unmarried. I
signed myself “Alice Dutton,” because that 1s my name,
and because I failed to see that a letter such as mine
must needs whlect the writer, whethel Joung or old, to
such insults as I have received at the lands of the press
in various parts of the country. The statements made
in that letter were based upon knowlec ge gained during
years of work as a Slergzmans wife La New-York City,
among and for the benefit of the Joorer class of working
women. And in Jiowing, as 1 did, the results of unjust
w I wrote of that whereof I know, in spite of the
aaDieTt declaration of “C. L, R.,” whose statement, by
the way, would not bear the test of logie for half a
minute. I have encroached so long upon your time that
I dare only add that, however the  Felitjelian--a man, of
course, wrote that letter—has failed to convince in other
respects, he has conclusively proved that ignorance does
not confine itself to the r districts.” Respectiolly,
Castleton, Vit, Nov. 1, 1871, ALICE DuTTON,
[A “man” did not of “course write that letter.”
This style of argument has become so common with
ladies of Mrs. Dutton’s views, that it seems worth
while to meet it. The author of the letter in ques
tion was a womanly woman.
What THE TRIBUNE said was:
“There are many reasons why it is not possible that
‘man shall suffer as severely a8 woman for offenses
against chastity, Nature itself has provided that the
fault of the yuan shall not be so susceptible of proof as
that of the woman. The wan, whose ogial, and
often greater, goes necessarily unpu shed, while inex
urable nature denounces to scorn of the world and
the severest physical anguish fhe woman who has been
untrue to her own honor. There {8 no means of redress
ing entirely this apparent inequality.”
Mrs. Dutton interpreted this as discrimination
not by God, but by THE TRIBUNE, in favor of the
‘man who offends against chastity. We said her con
struetion of it was uncandid and disingenuons. We
think so still and we gladly accept her apology
therefor. And we hasten to tender our own apology
for a failure to give Mrs. Dutton the title indicating
her marriage, which we regret all the more deeply if
it bas been the cause of unkind references to her in
other journals.—£d.]
The last two years have seen a good work
for the benefit of working-women, single or ‘selfdepend
ent, lu this city. When Mr. Stewart's large up-town ho
tel Is finished rext Apring, the best accommodation will
be furnished on a scale sufficient to recetve s majority ot
working-girls employe) In New-York. The Home in
Elisabeth-st. now shelters 3 women, that in Washing
Hu uquare 1s ready to recelve all who apply, and on
orty-second-st. bullding will control the prices ou
#0 that extertionate prices will no longer Bo asked for a
single woman's food and lodging elsewhere. Additions
establishments will follow this grand example, for char
Ity Is contagious as well as worse things. It will then be
time to take up a larger an@ much-needed plan for an
anunlly needy and more nelpless class of women—those
THE SOCIAL EVIL AGAIN.
NO PLACE FOR BARIES
the lowest of these, in the charities of Randall's
and Ward's Island, But what 1s wanted is for a more
self-respecting olass, and the demand 1s not for oharity;
who, with young children depending on them, Are
to
1t 1s for simple Justice such as has been shown to single
women and orphan ohildren in furnishing homes for
them at small profit, There are thousands of respectable
women, widows, or made by desertion more unfortunate
than widows, left with the care and support of litle
children, who could afford to pay the cost of simplo com
forts it those were divested of the extortionate profits
usually made on them, but find it impossible to sccure
them except in accidental and exceptional instances.
Children are not welcome In city boarding-houses, whether
they are mochanics’ homes or the quiet, inexpensive
houses of side streets, open to people of small incomes.
A woman who presents herself at the door of one of
theso houses with a ohild at her hand runs a double
chance of refusal, on the score of her sex and her inenm
brance.” Hotels are ruinously expensive, and the cheap
ones are doubtful. A woman with a young ohild has no
chance to go about setting up housekeeping, if she ean
afford it on the humblest scale. If she works for a liviag,
and takes care of her children beside, so much the moro
need that sho should find the relief from minor exertions,
and the helpful ceonomy of a cheap and good boarding
house.
To Ilustrate this mors fully, tho experience which many
if not all mothers who support themselves havo had to
undergo, may bo given in a single truthful instance. A
young artist, who had lost her husband, had a ecommis
slon which required her presence in the eity., Her illus
trations for Indies’ journals would give her an income of
$100 month, if drawn from costumes on the spot; 8o she
came here with her baby in her arms, Her first lodging
was of course a hotel, where $14 a week paid for a room
looking on the court, with only a strip of sky visible
from her windows over the roofs, Here she took care of
her baby and worked while it slept, plylng her pencil
till 1 o'clock every night, and often later. A few weeks
of this sort of work nearly coat her the power to work at
all, and she determined to economize in some way
enough to hire a nurse, She had heard in more prosper
ous days of the Elizaboth-st. Home, and went thither
after making up her mind to risk her ehild’s health in
that close street in the lower part of the city. A heavy
rain detained her the day sho left the hotel, and the
ciear flush of eveniug fell over Canal-st. and
the quiet corners of Broadway, It scemed like
a good omen, when she alighted from the stage, and,
pressing her baby to a thankful hoart, tripped where she
hoped to find a welcome and relief from her crushing bur
dens, Ouce sho turned up a foul, blackened quarter,
when the odors that saluted her made her tighten her
grasp nnd exelaim, Can I bring baby here!” She could
have blessed the hag who told her that instead of Eliza
beth it was Baxter-st, A few blocks beyond, the Homo
appeared, pleasant in its fresh dress of buff with brown
trimmings, and alight and astir with lively forms and
cheerful voices. The windows, full of flowers and bird
cages, seemed to promise such congenial and home-lik?
attractions that she turned in the hospitable door with a
great throb of hope that was only marred by a dread lest
the lateness of the hour might tell agalust her favorable
reception. But, at the desk, her question was only met
with a courteous “We do not take children here in any
case.” But 1t is 80 late—I have been detained—couldn’t
I have a room till morning at least?” ‘Impossible,
Our rules are wade for us, and they are very
strict.” “Can you tell me of some cheap, decent house
where I can find a room 1” There were plenty of thew,
but none could bo pointed out, till a merry-faced girl
volunteered to show the way to one afew doors away.
“We could not accommodate any one with a baby in any
case,” was the kind but decided answer there. The ad
dress of the New-England Hotel, near Chatham-st., was
given as the nearest place where she could find a lodging
place, and she set off for it, a3 it was off the track of the
horse-cars which passed Canal-st. On the flaunting
Bowery at night, broadly lighted, and alive with people,
where to set foot, even in day time, without an escort,
was something from which she would shrink, and to
cross which by gas-light seemed to stamp her with dis
grace, she went, shrinking from the groups of passers,
and the stares of loungers at the lager-beer saloons,
dreading lest some acquaintance might recognize her,
and give doubtful motive for her presence there. Sho
burried on, drawing the guze of not un
kindly German eyes by her nervous air, but
better Elotegied by the fair little head on
her shoulder than by any other escort. No man insults
on woman with a baby in her arma. At the door of the
hotel she was told that no women were received—it was
a man’s lodging-house ony. To her piteous aRpeal for
direction she was pointed to hotels near, where would
fiud rooms. But the Spupting red curtains, the wide
open saloons underneath, Tope ed her at a glance, and,
wholly desperate, she pnt the bold question, But are
they respectable i Are they decent for a woman to go
to!” “Oh, If you want a respectable place,” was the
blunt but civil answer, you wont flud any nearer than
the House, eight or ten blocks further up.” Bhe
gout on the wrong ear, and was going up Chrystie-st. be
fore ahe found her mistake, when the conductor put her
on the right route, and to her amusement, even under
such vexatious circumstances, pressed her to take back
Ler fare. The rough people were kind, and respected
her for the sake of her buoy.
At the House she found a small room, not wide
enough for a double bed, for #1 a day, and meals on the
European plan, which meant nearly double what they
cost by the ordinary system. A nurse was found, whose
board and wages for six days iu the week were $9 a week
at the cheapest rate. he arrangement, however,
seemed the only practicable one, as the mother could
economize by making halt her meals off fruit and biscuit
from a gosery near, But, a fortnight after, she was
astonished and frightened to learn that, unprotected,
having only her deportinent to vouch for her character,
she had walked mio 8 house whose reputation among
careful people was notorfous. She left, and could only
find a room at the nearest respectable house for £3 a day.
The workingwomen’s homes were only for sin fo
women, or those whose children were left in other Yk oy
and no exceptions could he made to this rule. Up-town
boarding-house keepers elvilly fixed their prices go high
that she could not think of paying them, or refused the
intrusion of a child on any account. There literally
seemed to be no place for her, save in tenement regions,
where the air blew thick with disease and death for
children. She took her baby and left the city,
There can be no blame attached to existing institutions
for abiding by the intents of their founders, and receiv-
ing ne A the class for whom they were designed. Nor is
it wonderful that human nature in the shape of board
ing-house Ropers should refuse any of the trials of pa
tience which do not unavoidably belong to their lot. But
it children wud babies have no rights anywhere, and a
woman must either give up the sweetest privilege of her
life to have them with her or Ray the price of every other
comfort for it, let us confess that Herod only acted up to
the necessities of the case. If it were practicable to
build a house up-town where the air was not tainted
from the sewers, or, better still, by the Park, and give
women the right to keep their children with them there,
at the same reasonable prices which are found sufficient
at the homes for single women, little ones might have a
chance for life and love together. Madam,when you has
ten your children out of town as the Summer heats come
on, remember there are poorer womeu, working with the
needle or the pencil, who must Say behind to watch the
blue shades come under their babies’ eyes in the un
healthy alr, and waste the money that might provide for
their future in FMplog a comfortless living at exorbitant
rates. Part them an Foon take away the mother-love
without which no child thrives, and rob the mother of
the joy and reward of her life, Surely too, where one
woman’s work must support two or three, facilities for
economy are not less needed than in the cause of more in
dependent sisters. By all means keep the single women
by themselves, and let mothers and children have priv
{leges of their own. Such a place as the Elizabetn.st,
Home, with its cheery rooms and liberal restaurant,
with the addition of a garret play-room, would be all
that is needed for a children’s hotel. When may we
have one open to wowen and children? The dogs of
Pillage are to have a home, The babies in this
eity, if they have the disadvantage of belonging to re
putable mothers, able and willing to work for Ao as
yet ure refused a shelter,
if
MILTON'S VIEWS ON DIVORCE,
Ta the Fditor otf The Tribune.
AU SAE LAGYOT OJ ANC AT WUWRKE.
Sir: As in the recent discussions of the
Marriage Question it 1s customary to use the name of
John Milton with a good deal of freedom, it would be
well for lecturers and others to understand just what were
the opinions of the great poet, and to read his Doctrine
and Discipline of Divoree,” with the supplementary
tracts. Milton himself preached one thing and practiced
another. It istrue thas he was three times married, but
though separated from his first wife (Mary Powell) for a
little while, he took her back again. He did not marry
again until she was dead, though he came near enough
to marrying another lady while she was away from him,
He married a second wife (Catherine Woodcock), and a
third (Elizabeth Minshull), and it was to this last spouse
that he sald: You, as other women, would ride in
your coach my aim is to live and dle an honest man,”
Perhaps it may not be generally known to some ladies
of a pronounced reformatory type, that Milton's mar
riage notions were mainly confined to the putting away
of wives, He 1s thinking principally of the sorrows of
his own sex—of those who, to use his language, are the
bondmen of a luckless and hapless matrimony.” In the
Doctrine and Discipline” he speaks of the solitariness
of man” unhappily married. Why should *“s0 noble a
creature as man be shut up incurably 1” He is for divorce
“if woman be naturally so of disposition as will not help
to remove, but help to increase that same God-forbidden
lonelmess.” Milton here refers to the teaching: It is
not good that man should be alone.” Bo he says: “The
aggrieved person shall do more manly to be extraordin
ary and singular in claiming the due right whereof Ae {a
frustrated.” Man, he thinks, should be the head
of the household. “What an injury 18 it,” he
says, “after wedlock not to be beloved! What to be
slighted 1 Wha! to be contended with in point of house
rule who shall bathe head! Not for any party of wisdom,
for that were something réasonable, but out of a female
pride? ‘1 suffer not,’ saith’ St, Paul, ‘the woman to
usurp suthority over the man,’” “If the Apostle,” eon
tinues Milton “could not suffer 1, into what wold Is he
mortified that can! Bolomoo says that a bad wife ls to
ber husband as rottenness to his bones—a continual
dropping. Better dwell in the corner of a house-top or
in the wilderness.” And so he goes on: If the Bpirit of
God wrote such aggravations as these, and (3s may be
guessed by these similitudes) counsels that man rather
to divorce than to Jive with such a colleague—and yet
on the other side expresses nothing of the wife's suffer
ing with a bad husband—is it not most likely that God in
his law had more pity toward man thus wedlocked, than
toward the woman who was thus crealed for another 1”
If the spirit of Milton can be consulted at this time
Just as easily as the spirit of Demosthenes, I should like
to Xnow whether he Las clmunged or still adheres to these
opinions, Yours, F.C
Boston. Oct. 27. 1871.
OUR BOYS AND GIRLS.
RJR DVT RAD OAT NTA ALAD,.
To (he Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: Amherst College, as your readers will
perceive, is already agitating the question of the coedu
cation of the sexes, and no doubt will, in the end, admit
women to her classes. The subject is Just now attracting
especial attention in England. Miss Jex Blake bas
visited Oberlin and other schools in this country con
ducted on this principle, and bears testimony to the mu
tual advantages accruing to both boys and girls from as
sociation in study. Prof. Fairchild vehemently proffers
his experience of the subduing and softening influcnce
of sweet girl-graduates upon unruly hobble-de-hoy
Efforts are soon to be made, it is understood, to loose the
hinges of Yale and Harvard in order to admit the
ubiquitous woman within their gates. Very probably
the effort will be successful; the present publio agita
tion will end in opening every avenue to education or
the professions to her but it is doubtful if in the end
common sense does not close them partially again, and
the best schools of every grade go back to the old habit
of keeping the sexes separate. There 18 no question of
the right of woman to education in the matter. Troy,
Vasear, and Holyoke ought, if they do not, to offer her a3
liberal and high a curriculum as Yale or Cambridge. As
for the expediency of mixing boys and girls in the same
classes, it is a matter which bases itself for adjustment
upon the broad truths of human nature and common
sense, There can be little doubt, as its advo
cates urge, that each sex {is made more am
bitlous to excel by the presence of the other;
and it Is very probable, as Prof. Fairchild testifies, that
the young men are apt to give up the loud bragging and
practical jokes in which the soul of a Sophomore re
jolceth; but {t has not yet been proved that “steady
labor over the same problems renders sentimental at
tachiments unlikely*” No Q. E. D. in Kant or Euclid
since the world began ever dulled the eyes or blood of
healthy young man to golden hair or rosy lips; and
every shrewd father will essay to keep tho aforesaid hair
and lips from shimmering about his son’s desk during
the time when Q. E. D.’s ought to be the business of his
life. Better a brief season of hazing and self-conceit
than unlimited love-making. Of course no such danger
as this Is to be apprehended for yOuBg girls, Prof.
Falrchild bears witness, and so do the teachersat Swarth
more College, to the fact that ‘‘no tatsuss of love or
matrimony ever apparently enter into the thoughts of
the female Pipils, w hose minds are wholly filled with the
zeal for study.” And one 18 of course hound to believe
them, The experience of syery man with gushing young
things of fourteen and upward is, that zeal for wathe
matics and the exacter sciences so pomesnts their sonls
that the thoughts of a lover can by no means enter
therein; and the safest and wisest course for a mother
to pursue would be to plunge them headlong
into a crowd of innumerable “beaux,” sure
that they will come out with crammed intellects
and never a thought of flirtation. But mothers, Sspecially
cultured, well-bred mothers, are apt to be ebstinate in
their prejudices about this matter. 8o far as their girls
are concerned, they will be likely to doubt the softening
effect upon their manners of half a dozen yearsof a
mixed school; will Jusstion, indeed, remembering her
recont exploits, whether Miss Jex Blake, sound as her
theories may be, is the nicest critic of the courteous
bearing befitting a lady.
Those who urge this so-called reform are apt to forget
one fact: that the majority of young girls in this country
are not incipient Advance Females,” but primarily
and finally women, with brains scarcely awake as
yet to the chauces that they may bo physicians or
preachers, but conscious in every Piss and soft flutter
of their hearts that God meant them to be wives and
mothers, It i8 quite true that most of the vanity and
silliness of our young girls grow out of this very con
sciousness, but no practical mother would try to make
her child wiser by ignoring Nature; by telling her that
(God made her to be a wechanio or doctor, and then
throwing her unguarded into a crowd of young men in
order to put thoughts of love out of her head. In fact,
the belief grows with every year among our most cul
tured women Hat girls are too much exposed duriug the
Joss of their education, instead of too little; that the
resh bloom and delicate modesty of a woman, instead
of being a weakness to be despised, is her rarest and
most potent possession. Even the coarse and hardening
influence of Poarainigscticols for girla has caused them to
fall into disfavor. No training is 50 suitable for a pure
girl as that of her own quiet home, and the great result
of the present agitation for the development of women
will be to make those homes more cultured and enlight
ened. Meantime, the majo of mothers would doubt
less prefer that their daughters should die idiots, rather
than throw them at the very age when their tenderest
instinets toward love and passion are unfolding into the
hourly companionship of a crowd of young men, wany of
whom, as the President of Oberlin asserts, “are sent to
us by anxious friends that 1ney may be saved.” The
foolish mother will fancy herself ou better gnardian of her
darling’s tender maiden heart than the teacher who
marshals his mixed classes by platoons, and most people
will W700 with her in her foolishness, Yours,
PAiladelphia, Oct. 30, 1871, A MOTHER.
At a Convention of the leading Professors in Agricul
tural Colleges, held at Chicago not long ago, this subject
was thoroughly discussed, and the results in practical
experience seem totally at variance with those feared by
“A Mother.” The following extracts are from the re.
port of the meeting in the special correspondence of THe
TRIBUNE, printed in the Weekly and Semi-Weekly edi
tions:
Dr. A. 8. Welsh, President of the State Agricultural
College at Ames, lowa, said: There has been no Sblee,
tion to the admission of ladies. We have about 50; the
occupy one wine of the building. I have been asked it
they gave trouble in their intercourse with ung men,
Yes, Taoy do, a little Occasionally, and but a little. With
us as to Intellectual capacity the sexes appear to be
about equal. The difieulties we have with them are far
less than with young men alone. I want,” said Dr,
Welsh, the young women there; I should have twice
the difficulty in managing without them. Our best
chemist, working in the analytical laboratory, is a girl
of 17, The girla do all the housework. A matron super
intends the girls, and there {8 also a general housekeeper,
The entire responsibility of governing rests with
the students, who form a court (five yuna men and two
young wowen), that tries all cases, It works adwirably,
needing only a little looking after. Last quarter there
were few cases to trv.”
Dr. Dennison stated that the young ladies of his
institutioh (Kansas) were becoming eminent in agricul
turai studies,
Dr. Ulegory, Regent of Industrial University of Ili
nois, mentioned that other sciences beside agriculture
were cousidered as an essential part of their system,
Orchards, forests, green-houses, nursery, market-garden,
were the different divisions of their agricultural system,
Great success had been met with in those departments,
the young ladies doing well. Young ladies were
not admitted during the first two years. Dr, Gregory
has had them go through the calculus, and thinks them
the equals of Joang men in ability and since the admis
sion of young ladies it is much easier to govern the
young men. Scandals may oocur, but less than when
pither sex 1s shut up alone.
Prof. W. W. Folwell, President of the State University
at 8t. Anthony, Minnesota, sald that there has been no
legislation on the subject of woman’s education. They
came in at the begiuning of his State institution, and
have been there ever since. The college is but a piece of
p building, and is scant of room. The two sexes are min
glad almost as they are in a family. The young ladies
take care of themselves. To the extent of ther studies,
they equal the young men.— Ed,
I re r—
ORIGIN OF THE NATIONAL BANKING
ORIGIN OF THE NATIONAL BANKING
SYSTEM.
DE
AN ITEM OF UNWRITTEN HISTORY
AN JLEAR UF VAaAYWRILIEN ILISLIONKY.
To the Edilor of The Tribune.
Sir: As the fact is known to only a few per
sonal friends of the gentlewan alluded to in this com
munication, and at the same time is one of national in
terest, the idea occurs of placing it on record in the col
umns of your widely circulated and reliable journal.
The idea of our present system of National Banks was
first broached by Charles Rogers, a native of Philadelphia.
His father presided for many years over one of our lead
ing banks, and when age led him to retire from active
life, he was retained in the Board of Directors, the cor
poration feeling that they could not dispense with his
accumulated experience and ripe judgment. The son in
herited the father's financial cast of mind, and engaged
in mercantile pursuits. While residing in St. Louis in
1858, and meditating over the evils of our banking sys
tem, the disadvantages of local and State institutions,
and the vexations and losses incident to the “Wildcat”
ourrenoy of the West, he conceived the idea of a system
of National Banks, whose issues would be of permanent
and uniform value all over the land. The idea was dis
cussed in mercantile and flnanclal circles, and it was de
cided that the proper place to begin the work was in the
halls of our National Legislature. The rest of the history
is already before the public, The seed thus sown took
deep root, and to-day we see the gigantic growth of our
system of National Banks.
The meeting of the Sovereigus
ters is but a simple consequence of of the line of
then adopted with the approval of all. There is,
fore, not slightest ground for any uneasiness, seeing
that our position is exuctly the same as it was before
interviews. Ihave equal pleasure in stating that
pourpariers to which those interviews guve rise have
produced results which we cannot but regard a4 hiv
satisfactory to ourselves, and, as 1 believe, to all
Dele which, lke us, are Goajrous of Wires the
settled upon sclid basis. ovuly
terviews with Prince Bismarck made evident our siacere
desire to contribute to the strengthening of genoral peace
the revival of tating questions which
might disturb it, but, further, Woy bave enabled
{identity our vigws a8
ture relations, the absence of ail of 1
wanner the
of real And in nfidence. Presented thus in the
I, the meetings of the sovereigns and their Ria% o
in short, and
widefuiauding wpun all
utual co
Mr. Rogers has returned to Philadelphia, and expects
to pass the remainder of his days in his native city, de
voting his time to benevolent enterprises. Heo 1s a gentle
man of culture and refined taste, unassuming and retired
in his position. Having no desire for notoriety, it is but
Just to him to say (hat these lines emanate trom a friend
who belleves tn according credit to whom credit is due.
far from affording any for sus) bd
all Europe a new guaran of
neglect no Savy oy
sions tending either to cast doubts oat ive
Philadelphia, Oc. 30, 1871. BARTRAM SNYDER.
At length, after many refusals, permission
‘has been granted to photograph the principal pictures
gf the Timverial Batvadore Gallogy 48 Vienna. op
i
olla p olograp 0 ein series hive already
far aw folie Phot and 4h Fo by counolsseurs to
bo Lighly artistic lu execution.
THE CRISIS IN AUSTRIA.
CHARACTER OF THE DEMANDS OF THE SLAVES.
AN ULTRAMONTANE REACTION.
mw

the disappointment of the hour. Nobody here blames
the Crook Slovonenians, Slovackians, &e., for e Dimes
their right to speak thelr own language in school
church, in the courts of law, and all the various offices of
civil administration, For a gifted people, whose bistory
is not destituto of brilliant Josanges, this is only
natural demand to raise. But it 13 a different matter if
the Slavonians are to be accorded 8 permanent wajorit
over the Germans in the Provinclal Parliamenis 0
Prague, Gorz, Graz, Klagenfurt, and Laibach. To ap
thoss conversant with Vienna politics it 18 but too mani.
fest that the preponderance be accorded to the Bla
voniana 1s not so much concession made to the claims
for national Independence &8 means of
moting political and religions reaction vo
at home and abroad. The princely and ans
toeratie circles who plead for the Blavonians in the
Hofburg consist exclusively of Ultramontanes and ultra.
Conservatives, In Riis the Slaves they no.
toriously are promp by the hope that, bein mostly
Prasanta and artisans, with strong natural or hr and
few intellectnal wants, their proleges will lend a hand to
the overthrow of constitutionalism, the restoration of
the Concordat, and, Poriaps, also the inauguration of
antl-Prussian politics, Whether their auticipations ta
this latter respect aro fulfilled or not, the ascendency of
the Slavonians in Austria, under present circumsta
would be sure to loosen tho ties between Vienna nl
Berlin. Not only would the German Austriins ap
peal for ay Inparsy to the Germans of Germany and
fot it, but, what is more important than mere popular
eoling, the Berlin Government, which ouly a fow days
ago had it solemnly declared from the throne that Ags.
tria and Germany are “compelled” to be allies, would
not bo able to count upon Austria’s continued assent to
this apophthegm., The batred between the various races
in Austria is too Intense not to ruake itself fe't beyond
her frontiers. With the bitterest animosity dividing
Slave and German at Prague, it would be hapossaible for
Berlin to reckon upon Vienna when Vienna was ruled by
the Slave. I leave it for you to draw the inferences
affecting the fleld of international polities which obvi.
ously result from these rewarks, and conteus myself
with chronicling certain public manifestations of a sig
niticant character.
What was to be foreseen has occurred. Our press and
public have entered the lists for the Gennan Aostrl.
ans. Silent as ug as afrald that by interfert
they would only weaken that Austria which they wish
to preserve as a valuable ally, they have effected a
change of tactics amd spoken out ivi they, rightly,
or, as I hope, wrongly, believed it certain that Altria
was going to be remodeled in a way prejudicial to thefe
interests, The worst names are promiscuously applied
to the Czechs by. the press. At Dresden the Central
Elcetionseriug ommitiee of the Liberal Jany in the
Kingdom of Saxony has just held a crowded meeting,
which promised to the Viennese the proteetion
of Dresden and Berlin, and called Austria what is
originally was, but po longer Is—-a German
territory. Improving upon this, the Liberal Socleties ot
Munich, at a general meeting, passed a resolution to the
effect that the German Austrians are Germans, and that
any slight done them will be resented by the entire race
to which they belong, Breslau, rash aud enthusiastic as
usual, at a miceting attenged by 3,000 respectable citizens,
has even gone the SEH of declaring thut the Austrian
Germaus are destined to cement the ties of the closes
amity between the two neighboring empires, and that
the strife which they have been wantouly drawn into
wiil be taken up and fought out on their behalf by this
nation. It is even said, but I think prematurely, thas
the German Parliament will advert to this new sud most
uufortupate complication,
THE CAUSES WHICH LED TO TIIE RESIGNATION
OF I'HE HOHENWART MINISTRY—THE IMPE
RIAY, RESCRIPT ADVERSE TO THE ADDRESS
OF THE CZECHS.
Vienna (Oct. 24) Correspondence of The London Times.
The crisis is over; His Majesty has decided.
The Imperial Fescrin, in answer to the Csechish ad
dress, whl contain those reservations and restrictions
which the Common Ministers and Count Andrasey bad
held to be absolutely necessary in order to insure the
sacredness of an exisung nght Sota daring wiverngt
to sweep 1 away, and to treat it as non-existent.
struggle was hard, for, as the many confersnees between
the adverse parties led to no solution, His Majesty had
to choose botween the two courses which Lad been
submitted to him. On Bunduy the German Min
isters and Count Andrasyy were summened, and,
after they had been once more asked whether
they thought that no further comncession and com
promise on their eke was  porsible, His XN josty
informed them that the passages which they considered
indispensable would be inseried in the Jupesial Resorts
to be sent to the Czechs. Yesterday the Reseript itself,
80 far at least as the part in question was concerned, was
communicated to them, and therewith the present crisis
may be considered as closed. But it would be rash to
conclude that with this triumph of the cause of existing
right the efforts of its adversaries ars defeated, and tha
the question whether Dualism or Federalism is to
be the future constitution of Ausiria has been
decided. The eTiata just concluded {8 but a phase of this
struggle. All that been attained is to pull the State
car out of the deep morass which threaten to swallow 1b
up, and to land it on more fir round, where it now
stands, unable to move forward or backward. Rizut
and left, before and behind, are places not less dangerous
than that out of which the car has been pulled with so
much difficulty, and there is neither that clear per ub
tion of the JL way mor that unanimity of will whic
alone could lead us out safely. On the contrary, you
may be prepared for more pulling and pushing iu differs
ent directions, 4
LJ LJ LJ
But FanposioR that'all this is made sure of, there is the
U pet ouse to be asked to consent 3a periorm upon
the sawe operation as the Lower House, In antiok
pation of events votes have been counted, and, accord:
ing to the estimation, some 70 will be ARushst and some
60 for it. Asa majority of two-thirds i#¥ required, this
would necessitate the nomination of some 80 new mem
bers. Last, and verhaps not least, is the coming to an
understanding with Hungary about those points which
affect the Jositial of the two tides of the Empire, In
deed, the beginning must be made with this, for if the
scheme is to be carriea through constitutionally the
Reichsrath cannot pass a resolution altering the
compact with Hunkasy without having come to
a previous understanding with this latter. Qf
course, it 18 no business of Hungary if the peopls
of Austria choose to meet ina Cougress, and not fas
Reicharath, provided the Delegation which is to trans
act common affairs preserves that character of unlsy
which the cqmpromise of 1867 gives to it. In the
Czechish proposals this is not quite clear; they mere!
pretend to send their members ureeny from their Diek
and not from the future Congress. Now this in itse
vitiates considerably the unity of the future Austriaa
Delegation, but still, if this was confined to Bohemia, it
might be passed over as an anomaly of no great umn
Joktauce, But slready the Tyrolese and Moiavisoe
ave asked for e same Jotition a8 Bobe
mia. Of course the Galiclans, if they are to vote
for the scheme proposed, will not take less, so thay
the whole character of the Austrian Delegation
would be altered. It would be no mere committee
of the common legislative body, but a deputation from
the 17 Provincial Diets of Austria. The very principle of
equality between Austria and Huns ary wou'd be upset,
and usawy would find herself face to face not with
one body politic, but with 17 smaller ones. It is not very
Td
Jrobable that at the coming elections next year a major
ty could be found to renew the compact on this altered
basis, which would be ouly the beginning of a further
change in the direction of substituting fortwo Arodpe
some four or five, A German group, consisting of
purely German Provinces; a Bohemian, consistiug of
ohemia, Moravia, Silesia; a Hungarian, cousisting of
Hungary and Traney)vaia; a Croatian, consisting ot
Croatia, Dalmatia, Slavonia, the Military Frontier, sod
part of Carinthia and Carniola; that 1s, a federation of
States. And how could such a federation work with five
or six delogations, each treating for itself and all ox
Jetted to agree in the estimates to within a farthing?
t would become an ahsurdity out of which only a cen
tral Parliament could bring us, and to which Hungary
would naturally less consent than ever—that is, the
whole plan is leading us back again to that vicious circle
which we had thought to ‘have left forever, or else is
driving matters toward a purely Jipsoval union. Such
are the prospeots if the policy of Count Hohenwart be
continued, unless the Czechs prove obstinate and spoil
the whole scheme by not coming to the Reichsrath.,
THE TEXT OF COUNT BEUST'S CIRCULAR DE*
FINING THEIR NEW RELATIONS,
The following is the text of the important
diplomatic circular of Count Beust, Chancellor of the
Austro-Hungarian monarchy, dated Sept. 13, 1871, defining
the new relations between Germany and Austria, result
ing from the interviews at Techl and Balzbugg:
As you have learned frown the uews rs, the Emperor,
our pet master, has siaged a "aap of days at Sale
burg, in order to Sauls t 8 Bulpelon hcp 5 LL.
passage through that a us return
that Sovereign at ee he exchange of courtesies
indicates tho complete restoration of the former relations
of friendship between the two monarchs, and gived M
sanction to the assurances mutually given by the two
Cabinets when the new organization of Germany was
determived upon. In this point of view It is Jun
natural that to such facts an importance should be
attributed which I am the first to admit. But at the same
time I must require that the true character of toes
interviews be not misrepresented, and that they be no
re with combinations With which they have
COLLIERY ACCIDENT IN ENGLAND.
Au explosion of fire-damp occured at Earl
Vine No. 3 pity Beaton Colliery, near Hartlepool, in. rl
gland, on the night of Oct. 2, about 13 o‘clock. Af the
time of the occurrence about 150 men and boys wepe 08
the night shift. The noise wad heard half a wile off, and
clouds of smoke were coming out of the uo-caat shalt
the facility of a
ban pers
or t represent what has passed as nature
mmbrage to other Cabine
IRI
Ve serv
FOREIGN MISOELLANY.