£|n gailj
PUBLISHED EVERY MORN IND,
(SUNDAY EXCKPTED,)
t <BB per year, if paid •trictly Im
Otherwise, 1& 4'vuta per Mouth.
\l
Ot Massachusetts
ESTABLISHED JI LY, 1770.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
Al per Annum.
J 11. RA EDWIN Ac Proprietor*.
NO. Hl MAIN HTREET.
udlorcestcr Jhih) ^pn.
CITY NEWS,
The Arcade mohldcrs will have a ball at Hor
ticultural ball this evening.
f /race Sheldon calls attention to his display
ol holiday goods in another column.
The short notices of F.A. Dickey U»>- on the
^second page, tell a little story all by themselves.
1 Rev. Mr. Hale’s lecture to-morrow evening,
must not be forgotten amid the excitements of
the Christmas season. He will du “his level
best.”
A notice to the member^ of Post 10, primed
in the proper place, calls them together to
morrow morning to attend the funeral of com
rade Markham.
Denholm McKay’s windows arc tricked out
with evergreens fancifully tilled with all sorts
of things in their line, with a somewhat slouchy
iooking Santa-Claus in the background.
Yankee hose company No. 5, has its fifth an
nual ball on Friday evening, Dec. 22. The lull
particulars concerning the event arc given in
their advertisement.
Tickets to the “Old South” concert, of Thurs
day, 21st, may be-obtained at the music stores
of Richards, Metcalf Uo., S. It. Leland Co.,
and C. L. Gorham Co., until evening of con
cert then at the door.
Edward L. Spalding, assistant cashier of the
First national bank, upon his arrival home from
his bridal trip, Friday night, found a happy sur
prise in the shape of an elegant chamber set,
piesenicd by the directors of the bank.
A spirited young horse attached to a sleigh
and driven by a Mr. Rice, of Auburn, run into
a horse car at the head of Park street, yesterday
afternoon, breaking the sleigh into many pieces,
and the horse freeing himself from the wreck,
ran at the top of his speed towards home. Mr.
Rice was thrown to the ground and received
three slight cuts on the head, but was not badly
hurt.
Frant Mayo and the “Streets of New York”
will be I attraction at Music hall, to-morrow
cvcnim|- Mr. Mayo’s style of acting is entirely
origin.* oeing free and off-hand, and “Badger”
is his st impersonation. The company which
supports Mr. Mayo includes J. IL Budworth,
an eccentric negro comedian, who will per
form the part of “Bub, the bootblack”
The fair of the Dewey street mission chapel,
to be held Thursday and Friday evenings, prom
ises to be very successful, the Baptist churches
having volunteered their assistance, and friends
have responded liberally with good things for
the tables. There will be music and singing,
dialogues and declamations, with other amuse
ments to entertain young and old. Tickets are
for sale at Chas. Belcher’s market and at the
stores in the western part of the city.
An opportunity is offered the Worcester put
lie to hear Mendelssohn’s great oratorio of St.
Paul, to be given by the Handel and Haydn so
ciety in Boston, on Sunday night, with the aid
of the singers of Jie English ballad troupe. An
extra train will run to Worcester for half price,
provided fifty persons will agree to go. Names
should be left immediately at the music stores of
Richards, Metcalf Co., and S. R. Leland Co.
Ihe fair and festival by the ladies of Union
Hill will be held in W ashburn hall, this and to
morrow evening, instead ol in Schofield’s block,
as at first announced. J'hc object of the fair is
to procure funds for the erection of a chapel and
Sabbath school room in that locality, and is
every way deserving of a most liberal patronage.
On Wednesday evening the tableaux, and on
Thursday the music by Southland’s orchestra,
will lie among the many attractions.
Two throngs of visitors sat down at the ta
bles of Taft, Bliss Rice, last night. The first
company was composed of members of Damas
cus lodge Knights of Pythias, No. 50, of this
city, w J_ a number of fraternal visitors from
Wacbusett lodge, No. 52; the reception of the
visiting knights xvas made the occasion of much
pleasure to all interested. Later in the evening,
the members of the Light Infantry, with many
of their friends, participated in the pleasures of
a hearty supper; these soldier-citizens ami their
guests had a pleasant military assembly at the
new armory.
City Mortality. -The number of deaths in
Worcester during the week ending Dee. 16, was
25, including 2 stillborn; 8 males and 17 fc
males. Six died of consumption, five of canker
rash, three of scarlet fever and one each of lung
fever, child-birth, diptheria, teething, influenza,
dropsy, old age and infantile, and one little
child, named James Murphy, accidental by
scalding. The two oldest were 71 and 56, thir
teen were under live years old, and eight under
one year. Eighteen were of foreign parentage.
The Concert To night. Foremost in Ibe
group of musical celebrities who are to be in.
trod need to our citizens to-night stands Mr.
Santley, the world renowned English baritone,
whose name has long been familiar to Ilie mu*
sieal public on this side, of the Atlantic.
Madame Paley, Miss Edith Wynne, and Messrs.
Patey and Cummings constitute the remainder
of the troupe. Madame Batey possesses a splen
did contralto voice, and her singing of such airs
as “Auld Robin Gray,” “The Meeting of the
Waters,” &c., is said tn be a grand musical
treat, ft should be remembered that these il
lustrious singets devote themselves on their
concert tour entirely to part songs and ballads
—the most popular and pleasing music that
could be presented. Those who fail to go to
night will lose a remarkably good concert.
The .Sewer Assessmemt —The board of
mayor and aldermen was in se.sion last evening
for the purpose of hearing parties whose estates
are benefited by the sewers of the city, previous
to adopting a plauof ussetsments upon abutting
estates, as provided for in the act ol 1807. Tbe
aidermen’s room was crowded, and arguments
against an assessment were made by P. Emmy
Aldrich, Esq., who appeared lor several parlies,
Judge Chapin, Joseph Musou, Esq E. Ij. Htod
dard, Esq., and Hon. Adin Thayer Mr. J. H.
Walker spoke fn ihvor of the plan of assessing
estates. It is quite probable, however, that no
steps will be taken io rhe maH^r by the present
city council, whose administration lysis hqf ten
days longer—a time much too short Dor action in
a matter of such great impoiwm to a large
majority of real estate owners in the eUy,
Supeimob (Civil/ Court—Bacon, J.—
Judgments have been prom».«»i« u| in the fol
lowing eases;
No. 238, Lewis »<nowUng vs. Plummer granite
company, Judgment on the verdict for the
plalntiH for §18.22.
No. 501, Mehitable Adams vs. John J. Lilly.
Judgment on the verdict, lor the plaintiff tor §266.
Ao. 850, L. 8, Whitney et al. petitioners, vs. Emb
lv T. Joslin. Be eylpt received and judgment
rendered for the petitioners for the amount
due for material- furnished under their contract
with respondent, July 6, la7o.
No. 862, Amos Thayer vs. Worcester amt Nashua
railroad company. .Judgment for plaintiff for §25
damages for burning oi w oodland.
No. 933, Adin Thayer vs. Joseph Stott. Special
judgment for phimtUTfor 5196.5 U damages and §19.78
costs.
No, 1362, John Everett ys. Wm. Chainion unq
trustee Damages assessed by court at §1731.66.
No. 1109, John Howe vs. B-nj. F. Procter Judg?
meat for plaintiff for §24.77 damages and §35.0$
1420, .John E Lnwriauc vs. Edward Ducatt
and trustee. Ju^ment for plaintiff for §269.47
damage 4 and §37.90 costs, by aureemeut.
*No r ii?L John Everett »s Henry St-bookndi
and trustee. Damages assessed by court at §1761.66.
No 1659, W’lllum Vniuh vs. John Murphy, up
Jiutamcnt tor O’ fw SI a»«l nooosts.
In vesterdav’a isQOft ol the Piummer-btevons
case, where jt was'pf’Uted jeufs per square
foot,” it should have react “35 cents, as 4 t was writ
^The cusp of William M’D.maM vs, the mhabi
uuts of Leicester, is still on trial.
Municipal Court.—yesterday's business Ju
municipal court was quite extensive: and judg
ing from the reappearance of familiar namea, it
was more profitable to the county than to the
culprits: John H, Mtiler, for larceny, was sen
tenced to two years in 7bc botneoi correction;
Annie A. Naylor ami Win hsylon receiving
stolen goods, three months in the houif ol coi
n^tiou each,and each ifupeqled; John!.. Kirby,
larceny, three months in tu§ house of correc
tioil> and two mouths additional' tor type pre
teue®; William Patterson, larceny, discuSf?^;
Jenner Crandall, larceny, §2O and costs; Al-
V —l
dmreester O Haun
VOL. 26, NO. 306.
bert Bradbury, vagrancy, three months in the
bouse of correction; (Jeorge Nolan, Liwrcnee
O’Brien and Lawrence O’Flnhertv, keeping li
quor, $lO and costs, each; Michael Reynolds, as
sault and battery, $1 and costs, paid: Thomas
Mahonev, Owen Marlow and Michai l O’Garra,
drunkenness, $8 and costs each; John Minahan.
drunkenness, ordered to pay costs.
Railroad Accidents. —A gravel train ran
off the track of the Boston and Albany road
near Hammond street, al a quarter past three
o'clock yesterday afternoon, and three cars
were thrown across the, track in a manner which
caused considerable delay to the down express
trains. A brakeman by the name of Wm. Mc-
Nallv was injured somewhat, and was taken to
the city hospital, but was soon able to go to his
home.
As a freight train was making up last night to
go west, from the Boston and Albany yard,
a brakeman named George Goodrich had his
arm crushed between the wrist and elbow, and
was taken to the city hospital, where the hand
was cut on. His home is in Mittineague.
Insurance Block This elegant and sub
stantial new building, on Main street, opposite
the Quinsigamond hank, though moderate in
size, as eoinpaied with some edifices, is finished
inside in a style for richness equal if not supe
rior to any other public building in the city. Il
is 85 feet wide by 70 deep, and four stories high,
including the French roof. Ihe front is of Con
“cord granite, in lonian or Grecian style, ihe
building is owned bv the Slate mutual lite
insurance company ami the Merchants ami
Fai uh rs fire insurance company, the latter oc
cupying the first tioor and the former the sec
ond story. The office rooms are 30 by 20 feel,
with directors’ roomsand ante-rooms in the rear,
lioth these stores being each 15 feet high. The
front windows arc of the best plate glass, 8 feet
by 12. The inside of the building is finished
throughout in bl:vk walnut,and the counters and
furniture are all of black walnut. Ihe Hour is
black walnut and ash. There are four steel sales,
of the American steam safe company’s make,
set in brick, in the third story is a hall, 50 by
33 feet, with ante-rooms, to be let for private
balls ami parries. In the fourth story is anoth
er hall. The building is heated by steam.
The mason work on this model .structure was
done by Edwin Ames of this city, and the car
penter work by D. Perkins of Boston, according
to plans furnished by Charles B. Atwood, archi
tect, of Boston. The gas^ixtures were furnished
by Messrs. Clark, Sawyer, Co., and the steam
piping by Messrs.? Barrett, Washburn Co.Jof
this city. The total cost of the building is
about $60,000.
A State Constable's Work for Six
Months.—We glean from the semi-annual re
port of Constable Russell, of his doings in this
portion of Worcester county.since July 1:
Totai number of complaints, 190; liquor seiz
ures, 89; seizures of gaming implements, 1;
common nuisances prosecuted, 25; common sel
lers, 9; single sales, 46; keeping liquor, 56;
drunk, 13; assault ami battery, 5; larceny, 2;
disturbance of the peace, 4; perjury, 1; doing
business on Lord’s day, 5; illegally transport
ing liquor, 1; gaining, 6; burning buildings, 2;
talse pretense, 1; house of ill-fame, 2; vagrancy,
3; peddling without license, I; cruelty to horse,
1; gaining houses, 5.
The amount of fines-and costs paid during the
time was $4,025.57. Amount of liquor seized,
about 4000 gallons.
Twenty-live day.- of the time have been spent
in detail duty.
Received from prosecutions made by Mr. Hair,
from July 1.-t to September Ist, $1,446.55, mak
ing a total of $5,471.12; which together with ihe
amount of liquor destroyed by order of the
courts, makes a heavy tax upon the violators of
the liquor law'.
Of the prosecutions made by Captain Russell
during the last six months, fifteen were di
charged on account of insufficient evidence, and
thirty- one cases an- still pending in the superior
court.
It is sometimes asserted that slate constables
are a useless expense; ami that they are not
accomplishing that for thecommonwealth w hich
the costs warrant; but the foregoing report
shows that, although the expense to the com
monwealth may be large, the principal burden
has to be borne by die rumsellers, upon whom
it falls heavily if it does not prohibit the sale of
liquor.
Ihe Stloy of Draw ing in this city, which
has become within a short time past a principal
and favorite branch of education, received yes
terday a new impulse from the visit ol Mr.
Walter Smith, a gentleman who is employed by
the state to give the necessary directions Io
teachers and communities. He brought with
him a large collection ol models and studies
from the English schools, a portion of which
were presented to the state by authorities in that
country.
Mr. Smith spoke in the afternoon to teachers.
In the evening there was a more general gath
ering at Natural History hall, which was con
ducted by Mr. Marble, superintendent of schools,
w ho called upon several gentlemen to speak.
Pro). Thumps in spoke of the circumstances
under which Mr. .Smith was engaged by the
state to have art education, so far as their au
thority extended, encouraged and stimulated in
a proper direction. He spoke of the advantages
resulting from a proper knowledge of fuun and
proportion.
Mr. H.'Morgan gave some interesting facts
in his own early life, bearing on the practical
and pecuniary value of dr awing to young men.
Of a class of thirteen with which he was con
nected and w hich was formed under great diffi
culties, every one, without exception, had at
tained high position in some manulactming
pursuit.
Mr. Walter Smith, when he was introduced,
alluded approvingly to the Massachusetts law
which required every city of over ten thousand
inhabitants to have three free classes oi indus
trial drawing, and compared It to the way in
which England, forty years ago, started school
of design under the direction of the board of
trade. England was in a manner foreutl to
establish such schools, in order to maintain the
allies of her manufactured goods in competition
with those i*l other countries, which were at
that time supeixudjug them because of their
greater beauty of design. H was the nil yalne
put into the raw material that was wanted amt
was most largely paid for.
He said that Massachusetts had an advantage
over the mother country jy the gjeater general
HHelljgjTcc ‘J tbe people and school privilege.^,
and that Worcester had exceptional advantages
in the existence of the reehuh.uJ ‘ehool, with
it: •?jrps of trained teachers, whose senu e.,
could be euikd into public requisition. Mr.
Smith gave a very lnkTe»iiif.g testimony to the
value of this branch of educat ion to me iipjij id
ual iij lu/diyg to iiis enjoyment of life as well ns
its pecuniary adyaoUges and to the communi
ty in the increased value qf ifa p,aiiiifaetured
work. He was sure the state was right» it
adopting for il: public schools a modification of
the English system, lie hoped Worcester would
in a year or two build and cstabhsh a ^lioH
uA igii; he did not see why it would not be M.s
easy to buiiu agd support it as a church, ami it
\vas besides a point at wLEI* all sects amt all
political punisaps couhl meet harmoniously.
The meeting wai farther addressed by
Messrs. I’ L. Moen,P. W. lan. r. K, ^nnwb.-s.
.1 I’. Maible, Mr. Ayres amt others, afur
uln.lj lb I'rawings were examined.
Air. MarLj.c, a< tl;c close ol tin meeting, gave
notice that Wy.’ WQ>epupils c,o;?lil be accom
modated at the evening schools ji-“He ha-iq.vqt
and attic rooms of the Bel mom hticit scroli
house.
First ICcpott iaebi 'hr City Hospital.
The following report, showing tin, woHnfigq pf
thU fjty hospital since its opening, on the 2bth
of Qctobef, accepted by the city council,
Monday night
The act of Ibu legislature, approved Moy 25. 1871
authorizing the establishnient of this Institution.
1 provides that the citv of Worcester "may establH)
i and maintain ft hospital lor the reception of persons
who, by misfortune or poverty, mav require relief
during temporary sickn<*Bs.'’ it would be. however,
a very severe and rigid interpretation of tin* letter,
ratber than of the spirit id <lie law, to ploae anv un
occupied wards of this In-tit^nou ngiimst qtlp.i pa
tienta, who mhht be able und willing to pay for
their board, and whose presence would in no way
inteifere with the special purposes for which the
hospital was primarily and principally designed.
'Xue aforesaid ordinance, therefore, wisely and nu-
muuelv empowers the trustees to receive patients I
other than those of the prescribed class, but only
under circuuKlaucos and upon conditions against
which Ui-t can be no reasonable objection.
It should not be overlooked, in this connection,
that the ho'pital still remains in an oxpi-rhmmtal
stage of oxbL-nce. So fur is it from reding al
ready on a solid foundation, that it cannot make I
the slightest pretensions on the score of being i
equipped and furnUhed in every direction, with
ample accommodations for all the siillering humani
ty that may seek to come under its roof. It may,
rievorth dess, modestly claim Io be all that the trus
tees in the comei-ntious exorcise of their authori
ty, and in a faithful discharge of their duty, have
been able to make ii. it Jia* been eminently suc
i\.l ;d-o iiia much a- it lias abundantly demon
strated the neces-ity for its ]x»nnanent establish
ment, as one of the institution* of a rapidly grow
ing city.
Having neither authority nor means to purchase
real rotate, the first duty devolving upon the board
of trustees, after their organization, was “to lease
suitable buildings fora hospital." Such accommo
dation*, confrally located, were not easily to be
found; bin. after patient research m every direc
tion where there wa* i ncouragoment to make in
quiry. it was finally d cided w ith great unanimity,
tnat—all thing* considered—lhe best accommoda
tions obtainable w r ould afforded bv the “Bigelow
estate,” so called, situate on the corner of Front
and niir -h stiwt*. Accordingly, this property
was rented by the trustees, and tlie’ venerable man
sion thereon was repaired under the careful super
vi.-ion of a snb-coinuiittep of the board, and made
comfortable fortiie reception of eight or ten pa
tient-. such as the institution mav properly receive.
’Hie Iran formation of an old-style dwelling hou*p
into a modern hospital was not unattended with
difficulty. Nevertheless, file undertaking was suc
cossfiillv planned and executed, although requiring
a considerable outlay of money. Much oflheexpim
difure was, however, for permanent improvements,
such a* the introduction of gas and city water, the
construction of a bathing room, the purchase and
liitting up of a furnace, drainage into the public
sewers, painting, papering. &c &e. Olher consid
erable expenses had to |>e incurred for bedsteads,
bedding, fiiri.i’ure for the kitchen and wards,
crockery, &c &c. Such outlays of money, prepar
atory to tiie opening of the hospital, will not have
to Im made again for years. The trustees
gratefully nurngnixe tin* interest felt in this institu
tion, as mauifded by th.- low prices charged in
some of tiie bills for the above items, as well as by
gifts of pictures, &c., that will be more particularly
acknowledged in another part of tills report.
I’revioii* to the admission of any patients, a
hoard of consulting physicians was appointed by
the trustees, consisting of l>rs. F. 11. Kelley, Mer
rick Berni*, and Joseph Sargent.
Dr. J.G. Park was elected superintendent and
re-ob-nt physician, and subsequently admitting
physician] of th<* ho.-j.ital, his salary being fixed at
s7uo per anniini, in addition to office accommoda
tions and board.
Twelve visiting physicians were also invited to
serve gratuitously, lor two months each, the assign
ment and distribution of their attendance having
been arranged as follows;
Dr-. R. Woodward ami J. G. Park from flu* open
ing of the hospital to Jan. 1, 1^72. For the vear
1572, Drs. (I. a. Bales and E. Warner, from Jan. 1
to March 1. Drs. O. Martin and A. Wood, from
Marcli 1 to Muv 1; l‘rs. 11. C larke and -I. M. Rice,
ironi May 1 to July 1; Drs. J. M. Bates and G. E.
Francis, from dufy 1 to Sept. 1: Drs. T. H. Gage
and LL V. Simpson, from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1.
Mr*. S. W.Wuiting, a lady well fitted by pxjio
rienco ami other qimlilications. was chosmi matron,
and her conipmi ation was fixed at $25 per month,
in addition to board ami room in the hospital.
A cook, a laundress, and nurses, of course, must
form a part of the personnel of the establishment,
and their wages ar l among its necessary expenses.
Of the number who tmve received the bom-lit of
tiie hospital so December l*t, 16 in all. 8 were males
and 8 females. Seven were natives of this state, one
of V. rmont, om- Nor»h Carolina, five Ireland, one
England, and one Scotland. One was a clergyman,
five were mechanics, one a laborer, one a child; of
the t-nniles, five wore housekeepers and three do
me*tics.
Tho trustees have the pleasure to acknowledge
the receipt of several very acceptable donation.*,
contributing, some of them so tin- comfort, and oth
er* to th<> ciieerfulno; s of IhoNvards of the hospital.
From Edward L. l>avis, pictures; from Mr.*, tieo.
Thrall. b?d linen; from.l. D. Choi lar, sofa be<l; from
Dr. G.'O. Bedi*.*, picture.*; from Mrs. Charles Ten
ney, picture* mid *ick chair; from Kinulcut Co.,
hardware; from H. Woodward, pictures.
Some of the above named articles are of the value
of $39, or more, and whatever of them is least ia a
pecuniary point of view, d «eryi s honorable men
tion Imre, as an evidence of kindly sympathy for
tho*<* whom sickm- or misfortune consigns to a
public liospit.il.
From tiie organization of the board of trustees, in
July last, down to the Ist. of December, 1871, their
expenditures have been as rollows:
On the building $1428 25
Furniture, bedding, &c 1890 64
$3318 89
Grocer's bills. Oct. and Nov SB3 39
Provision bills 137 62
Drugs and medicines 63 00
Pay roll 211 76
Incidentals 42 76
Total $3860 42
Small sums, for hoard. &c., amounting in the ag
gregale to iv than $25, have boon received by the
ir:i tp»’-; but thi* money having been all appropri
ated toward defraying the incidental expenses, as
set forth above, does not r.Hpiire to be more for
mally accounted for in this place. The estimated
oxjK'ii-e? of the ho-pital, on its present basis, for
the coming year is, m round numbers, S6OCO.
t' rom tin* exhibit, above made, of the number and
character of the patients who have sought udmis
sion io ini* institution, during the few weeks that
itlia.sbecnopen.no further demonstration of the
necessity of maintaining it can be rea-onablyre
quired. Its want- are already occupied almost to
He ir full capacity, and il is u more probable con
tingency that they may soon bo crowded, tiian it is
that a single one oi them may remainvacantfor
any Imiglh of time. Th.' trustees, indeed, are not
without apprehension* that, before the close of rhe
coming year, the accommodations may prove inade
quate for Ilie class of patients whom, in a civilized
community, it seem* ahno*t inhuman to exclude
from an institution like thi*.
Th- future of the hospital will be what the
city council, in their wisdom, shall decide
to make oi it: but without overstepping
the limit ot their authority, the trustees
may oiler suggestions and recommend measures.
In the exercise of this privilege, it may be added
here, us an expre-sion of the unanimous opinion of
this board, that a hospital oi' a capacity for about
forty patients, pleasantly situated, and plainly and
substantially built, sea’s to admit of enlargement
without interruption of its occupation, is greatly
needed in this city. Such an institution -it will
be readily understood—as compared with the pres
ent small establishment, could be more economical
ly managed in the treatment ot its special class of
patients; and it would, at the same time also, afford
very desirable accommodation* for a considerable
number of other patients, who would be able and
willing to pav for their board, and whose admission
would, in degree, contribute to the successful
and economical administratiou of the hospital.
Thi* opinion of the board is ba-ed parilv on the
oxp 'rience of other cities where hospitals have been
e*Lil>li*lied. partly on th representations of physi
cian.- iu iliis vicinity, but more c.qiecially upon
records actually k< pt by the city physician, Dr.
Wood, in 137't, h»r Iho purpose of maknigunapprox
linai *!)!o::te of the s Miitable lor treatment
in un institution like t'uie
Kespi ctfully submitted for, and In behalf of the
trustees, I 11. Kellf.y, l*reai<lent.
Geoisce JAqUKe, Secretary.
Worc -Uer. Dec. 1.1371.
COUNTY NEWS.
The following arc the officers of Post 05 G. A.
R., <»f Warrun, lor the year 1872: Commander,
F. 11. Moore; S. V. C., M. R. Allen; J.V. C., 11.
J. Mukliols; Adj-,Geo, Daukham; Q. M., J. I'.
Ailains; Surg., Dr. Cutter; O. D., E. E. Henry;
O. G B. U. Gilbert; S. M„ Allen Jones; Q. M.
H., U 11. I, unberl.
Abbreviated OiMpatehcM.
The small pox is on the increase in Chicago,
mostly among emigrants,
I he Kun says the l' i>k-Manst|cld suit lias been
earn promised for f-25,000, but the Tribune con
tr.-hliels the report.
I he small pox is spreading in Jersey City,
Newark and Trenton, and special hospitals lor
patient- are being assigned in those places.
A Cbicaa'a policcmaTj lias beep attacked with
hvdropliolna, and is in a critical condition. Ue
was bitten about two years and a half ago.
The sublime porte and khedive of Egvpt re-
J<;sd to purdpiM; the hmu canal, ami he Les
.sei. is now applying to other governments to
effect the sale,
I lie newsdealers indicted ijy the grand jury at
Syracuse, for selling alleged obscene papers, have
pleaded not guilty in court, and given bail for
their trial itj March.
Mary l.oftus, eciphncq al the E^clp’.ngp hotel
at Fort Wayne, Indiana, committed suicide by
hV. allowing poi.Mm, on Sunday' night, from grief
for Ilie d- aJ; 'J her lover, who died some few
weeks ago.
In the democratic caucus held at Frankfort,
Ky., on Monday night, Hou. Thomas C. Me
reeiy way nominated on a second ballot for
I nited States senator, to fill tjin fjpqt l)O\y oceu
pied by lion. Garrett Davis.
A meeting composed of seventy-five to a hun
dl.Q] prominent democrats and republicans,
riinip:dh tbe hHicr \j f h;h! a* <\llog«* hall,
Cincinnati, Monday evening,' with the view to
forming a new political reform party. A com:
mil tee of s ven was appointed to draft a plat
loin,* ano' prepare a plan of organization.
A suGL"- rpi ocemrv-q on Monday in London
derry. Ireland. I'or some dnys pfi:d laepio atiuns
were being made tv celebrate the 18th of peccm
her. The authorities posted a proclamation fur
riddinu 4 and a large military force
vus he’d in reaoine Flic ip>h<.p ,:f ondou
jcj[y, Sumlav, comh'miicd the act of'flu-bird
lieutenant, ft I dqq iyq OJ ”u.d and at
tempted to march to the cathedral, but were as
sailed by the police and supported by soldiers.
A lubt ensued between the mob and the milita
i.\ inn,i..!' b uv persons were hurt, but
tinidly the crov.d di-pur^.d pru;.i e.- cHCiuept
p’-evadj ami UJbrc ngiiimg imminent
j
The Weather'
W amiiington, hue. p'. I'be high barometer
north of Missoiiri will move a.-tward, with di
minished pressure, and cold northwest winds
will prevail west of tbe Appalachian range.
'loudy weather, with westerly winds, will pre
vail very generally Wednesday along the At
lautic coast.
A Madrid letter states that Mr. Sickles has re
ceive I secret orders to return to Washington
immediately, lor consultation on important
state i.miters li Is generally Iwlieycd at Madrid
that -s l lrs v.as i.ailed home tu lainfcr upon
üban ntalturs. Ihe sudden call precipitated
his marriage, the pair starting for W ashington
iuiinvdiately alter the eereiquiQ.
WORCESTER: WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 20, 1871.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
YO Til K WORCK9TER, IIAII.Y SPY
From Washington.
[SPECIAL DISI'ATi H TO THE WOUCESrEU SI V.|
Washington, D. C., Dec. 19.
THE WOULD BREATHES FREE AGAIN.
Gen. Horace C. Lee was to-day appointed
postmaster at Springfield.
OTHER APPOINTMENTS.
The [fallowing new post offices were estab
lished: Highlandville, Mass., Jonathan Avery,
postmaster; Tylcrville, Ci., Horace .1. Cooke,
postmaster.
THE MESSAGE.
The president sent in Ins anticipated message
on civil service re lot tn, to-day, with the report
of the commissioners. In the house, it was re
ferred to a special committee on this subject.
CHE \P AMPAIGN.
Gen. liar-.m, lately republican candidate for
governor of Kentucky, who is now here, says
that the entire cost of the republican cam
paign in that state last year was only $1260.
DEMOCRATS AT THEIR OLD TRICKS.
Late in the afternoon the democrats endeavor
ed to filibuster over the appropriation of $27,-
000, reported bv Gen Garfield, to pay th ex
penses incurred by the kuklux committee, and
the alleged extravagances ol the latter received
some severe strictures from the republican side.
Howwrr, the appropriation .inally pas-ed.
MR. HOAR'S LABOR BILL.
Mr. Hoar’s labor commission bill was under
discussion in the house all day, ami debate up
on it lias developed an unexpected amount of
opposition. There seems to be a growing dis
position among the members not to create Ihe.
commission vailed lor in Ihe bill, but to require
the present rommiltecoii educatiun and labor to
make, the inquiries, ami to gather information
as to the condition of the laboring classes. It is
expected that a vote will be reached on Mr.
Hoar’s bill to-morrow.
CONTESTED SEATS—VAN< E.
The committee on privileges got in their re
port to-day, and Norwood was sworn in as sen
ator from Georgia. But two va •anciv* now ex
ist, these being in Alabama and North Carolina.
Vance, contestant in the latter case, is busy in
denying dispatches sent from here to tiie effect
that democratic senators ever united in writing
a lei ter to the effect that he w r as ineligible under
the fourieenth amendment, and that he had no
prospei-t for his admission.
Senators Stockton, Casserly and Blair, who
were authority for this statement in the first in
stance, still insist that such a letter was written
last spring, with the intent to show the members
of the North Carolina legislature the condition
of affairs, and to induce them io elect another
senator against wdiom no question could be
raised.
THE WASHBURN DINNER.
The farewell dinner to Gov. Washburn, ten
dered by the Massachusetts delegation, was
given to-night at Wormley’s. All the Massa
chusetts delegation in congress were present, ex
cept Butler, and among the guests were Vice
President Colfax, Secretary Boutwell, Speaker
Blaine, Caleb Cushing and Judge Poland of Ver
mont. Gen. Banks presided, and everything
passed off happily. During the evening it was
stated that, since Gov. Washburn has been in
the claims committee, it has acted on over 8000
claims, involving one hundred million dollars,
and has been sustained in every case.
SOMETHING LIKE HARMONY.
One day more ol the retrenchment committee
discussion seems to have restored harmony ami
good feeling among the republican senators.
Mr. Conkling’s resolution of instructions to the
committee being under consideration, the New
York senators accepted the amendments which
were applied thereto, one after another, with the
utmost graciousness, until Mr. Buckingham,
chairman of the committee, becoming alarmed
at the amount of work piled on his devoted
shoulders, protested against it.
Messrs. Schurz?, Tipton's and Bayard’ 4
amendments were aimed principally at the New
York custom house and a call for an investiga
tion into its interior workings, ami its exterior
influence on local politics; while Mr. Blair’s,
which was also accepted,—looks to an explana
tion of Gen. Schenck’s reported connection with
the Little Emma mine .speculation.
The only amendment of all these, ottered to
day, that Mr. Conkling refused to accept, was
offered by Mr. Sumner, which embodies, sub
stantially, the points set forth m the .Massachu
setts senator’s resolutions inquiring of the sec
retary of the navy, last spring, calling for infor
mation as to expenditures incurred in keeping
the naval forces stationed ar SAn Domingo since
negotiations to annex that island have been en
tertained. When the vote was finally taken up
on Mr. Conkling’s resolutions and amendments,
there was not a single dissenting vote.
Kelon.
(To the AsHociatcd Pi'cim.)
the president s message on nn. service.
Thu following is the messagesenl to congress
to-day:
To the Senate and House of Re&presentalires: In
accordance with the act of congress, approved
March 3d, 1871, 1 convened a commission of emi
nent gentlemen to deyist- rules and regulations for
the purpose of relorining the civil service. Tli«'ir
labors an* now complete, ami 1 transmit herewith
t noir report, together with the rules which they
recommend for iny action. These rules have been
adopted, and will go into effect on the first Gay of
January, 1872. I nd-Tthe law referred 10, as fin
terpret it, the authority i- already invested in tlie
executive to enforce these regulation.-:, with full
power to abridge,alter or amend them at his option,
when changes may be deemed advisable.
These views, together with the report ol the com
missioners, ape submitted for your caretui consider
ation as to whether further legislation mav be nec
essary, inorder to carryout pn effective and beue-
Uciar civil service reform. If left to me, without
further congressional action, the rules prescribed
by the commission, under the reservation already
mentioned, will be failhfnllr executed. But tln v
ar.* not binding, withqut iur’tner legislation, on my
successors.
Although desirous of bringing this subject to the
attention of congress before the approaching re
cess. I have not time to sufficiently examine tpe ac
companying renort tn enable mi* to suggest definite
legislative notion to ensure the support which may
be necessary, in order to give a thorough trial to a
policy long needed for all the strength that con
gress can give, to enable me to rarryoyt Ike n'lm imj
lutheci»il service recommended by the commis
sioners and adopted, to take effect, as before stated,
on January J, 1872.
The law which provides for the convening the
uotuuiissiou to devicemles and regulations for re
forming the civil service authorizes, i think, the
permanent organization of a primary board, under
whose general directions all examinations of appli
cants for public office shall be conductefi 'fluoe is
nq appt opr ial lon to uuntimm such' a board
beyond the termination of its present la
bors. I therefore iv«omniond that a proper
appropriation be made to continue the sorvK es m
the nn'sent licwd for another vein-, ami. in view of
i ho fact that three monibeis of the board hold a posi
tion ia the public service which precludes them from
receiving extra compensation under the existing
laws, that they be authorized to receive a fail
pepsuilou for extia sea-.ico rendered by them in thv
performance of this dutv. V.
EXUVUWYJS AUfIMWL Pre. 19,1871.
THE RULES SUUMITyEp.
The ftillGWliig uiu ilio lute.. <muiqiite<j| by th
civil service conimis<ion
No one pefsun shall be admitted to anv position
in civil service within the appointment of th*
president or heads of departments who Is not a citi
zen of the United States; who shall not furnish
satisfactory evidence in regard to character iK-ahk
am! hgc, urttj who shall lint have passed a satisfac
tory okamimitluii in speaking, reading and writing
the English language.
2—An advisory board of suitable persons, Io be em
ployed bv the president under the ninth section of
the act of Maivh .i, 18.1, shall, st. far t.s orucMt able
group the position? tireac.h branch bl'iho civil sei
vice, according to the character of the duties to be
performed, and shall grade each group from the
lowed to the highest, for the purpose of promotion
within the group; admission to the civil service
shall alwavs Im* to the lowest gratia of *»v ;,r.-,
anqtusfa li positions a-« anm.t be grouped a grallhd
ac’Utiss|oii Jialt be (ieterimnaii, us provided for the
low eat grade.
o. -v vacancy occurring in the lowest grade of
any group of oilicers shall bo filled, after due public
no ice. from all applicants who shall present them-
Helves, and who shall have furnished evid-uces and
satisfied the preliminary examination already men
tioned, and who shall have passed a public compet
itive examination, to test the knowledge, ability
and special qualifications for the jiorformunce of the
duties of the office; the hoard conducting such
comic*titive examination shall prepare, under the
su|M*rvhion of an advisory board, a list of names of
applicants, in the order of their excellence, as
proved by such examination, beginning with the
highest, and shall then certify to tin* nominating u;
appointing power, u- the case may be, tin* names
standing at the head of such list, not exc ediug
three, and. from the names thus certified, the ap
pointment shall be made.
I. A vacancy u<*currmg m any grade ol a group
of ufliCers above the lowest shall pe filled by com-
potitivo examination of apnlicants from the other
grade* of that group, and the list of names from
w nicli tin* appointim-ut is lo be made .“hull be pre-
pared and certified, as provided in the precetflng
rule; but, if no such applicants are found compe
tent, the appointment shall be open to an examina
tion of all applicants, conducted in accordance with
the provisions for admission to the lowest grade.
5. Applicants certitied or otherwise qu ditied for
appointimmi as cashiers of collector* of customs,
cashiers of assi*tant treasurers, cashiers of post
inasters, superintendent of the money order divi
sion in the post ofllce, and such other custodians “I
largo sums of money as may hereafter be designated
bv the mhi-ory board, and for whose pecuniary
fidelity another off.ci r is responsible, shall never
theless not be appointed, except with the approval
i such other officer.
l. -Postmasters whose annual salary isjless than
-260 maybe appointed upon the written requests of I
applicants, with such evidence of character and fit
ne* as shall be satisfactory to the head of the de
partment.
6.—The appointment of all persons entering the
civil service, in accordance with these regulations,-
excepting persons appointed by the president, by
ami with the advice and consent of the senate, ap
pointments of postmasters and persons appointed
tc any position in a foreign country.—shall be made
for a probationary term of six month*, during
whicn the conduct and capacity of suah persons
shall bo tested; and. if, at the end of such proba
tionary term, sati-factorv proofs of their fitness
shall have been furnished by the board of examin
ers to the head of the department in which they
shall have been employed during said term, they
shall be reappointed.
8. l^ie president will designate three persons in
each department of the public service, to serve a* a
board of exrminers, which, under the supervision
of the advi*iugboard, and under regulations to be
proscribed by it, ami ut such times and places as it
may determine, shall conduct, personally or bv per
sons approved by the advising board, all investiga
tion ami examination for admission into said <h
partm nts. or for promotion therein.
9. Any person who, after long ami faithful ser
v ice in a department, shall be incapacitated by men
tal or bodily inlirmitie* for the efficient discharge
of the duties of the position, mav be appointed by
the head of the department, at his discretion, to a
position of less responsibility in the same depart
ment.
10. Nothing in these rules shall prevent the iq>-
poilmcnt of aliens to position* in the consular ser
ice, which, by reason of small compensation or of
other sufficient cause, are, in the judgment of the
appointing power, necessarily so filled, nor the ap
pointment of such persons withiuthe United States
as are imlisjamsable to the proper discharge of the
duties of certain positions, but who may not be la
miliar with the English language or legally capable
oi naturalization.
11.—No head us adepartment, nor any subordinate
officer of ihe government, shall, as such officer, au
thorize, or permit, or assist, in levying any assess
ment oi money tor political purposes, under the
form of voluntary contribution.* or otherwise upon
any person employed under his control, nor shall
anv such person pay anv money so assessed.
12.—Tue advisory board shall, at any time, recom
meml to the pre*ident such changes in these rules
as it may consider necessary to secure greater effi
ciency of the civil .’ervico.
13.- From these rules are excepted heads of de
partment*. assistaut secretaries oi departments, the
assi*tant attorney general, ami first assistant post
master general, solicitor general, solicitor of the
treasury, solicitor of internal revenue, examiner of
chums in the state department, treasurer of the
I nileil States, register us the treasury, first and sec
ond controllers of the treasury, judges of the United
States courts, district attorneys, private secretary
of the president, embassadors ami other public min
isters, superintendent of the coast survey, director
of the mint, governor* of territories, special com
missioners, special annual visiting ami examining
boards, jwr-ons appointed to positions without
compensation for services, dispatch agents and
bearers of dispatches.
NOVEL CLAIM.
Mr. Lewis has presented a petition in the sen
ate from Richard 11. Garrett, of Carolina coun
ty, Va., asking compensation of $2525 for barn
ami goods destroyed by Col. Baker to effect the
capture of Jolin Wilkes Booth and D.C. Hai rold,
in 1865. Booth and Harrold were concealed
in Garrett’s barn, which was burned to get
i hem.
MINOR MATTERS.
The senate committee on foreign relations did
no business to-day.
The cabinet has considered and approved to
day the regulations for the civil service recently
Iramed by a commission.
illiam Orton appeared before the ways anil
means committee to advocate a reduction of
duty on telegraph wire.
The senate finance committee, at their meet
ing to-day, decided that the banks are not re
quired to pay the dividend tax of the last five
months of 1870.
The joint committee on printing decided that
it is expedient to publish editions of the presi
dent's message and arconipanying documents
on foreign languages for home distribution.
The report of the proceedings in the senate
yesterday occupy oyer forty-eight columns of
the Daily Globe, which is the longest report ever
published the next morning of a congressional
debate.
Ihe banking and currency committee to-day
authorized their chairman to offer a resolution
for investigation into the causes of the suspen
sion of national banks in New York and else
where. Should the. resolution be passed the
committee will appoint a .sub-committee to go
ou to New York.
Senator ilson proposes to oiler a resolution
adding a new member to the committee on in
vesiiaatious. His idea is to give the anti-ad
ministration senators a representation on the
committee. Senator Patterson will probably be
appointed. lle is regarded as the mildest man
un that side.
Senator Schurz will introduce a resolution
calling upon the president to inform the senate
what instruct ions have been given to command
•ts of United States ships on West India sta
tions. Also in regard to the question at issue
between the I'nited Slates and Spain, and what
means have been taken tu protect American citi
zens.
Senator Schurz has prepared a resolution in
structing the investigating committee to inquire
into the cartage system in the New York cus
tom house; also whether any persons receive
presents from parties who control the cartage
system, in order that they may secure a larger
amount of goods io be stored; also in regard to
baggage and other articlei allowed to come
iu without, paying duty; together with the
amount of money lost io the government by
these practices. These will be offered as an
amendment to Conkling’s resolution for general
inquiry into the custom house at New York.
Forty-Second Congress—Second Session.
Washington,!). C., Dec. 19.
SENATE.
Mr. Scott reporteii a IJU for refunding all
taxe- upon dividends, interests and undivided
profits a'sesse.l upon the corporations mentioned
in section fifteen of the act of July 14th, lts7o,
for the time between August 1, ittfo, and Jan
uary 1,1871,
Mr. Sherman reported a bill fixing the sala
ries of the commissioners of the land office, cus
toms, pensions ami Indian afiairs, the assistant
postmaster general, supervising drclHtect of the
treasury, assistant secretaries, controllers, au
ditors ami registers at §4560.
Mr. Shermau reported adversely, ap.d the sen
ate postponed indefinitely, me lull providing
for the employment of an internal revenue po
lice force in every collection district.
Mr. Edmunds introduced i» Lill to punish
stock gambling hy public officers. Referred.
Mr. handler offered a resolution for reference
of the portion of the president’s ntessugu rela
tive to the postal telegraph io the committee on
eomnjercc.
Ah. Hamlin opposed such reference, as the
subject was already properly referred to the
office committee.
The resolution was hud ever.
Tbe lues.agu was received from the president,
transmitting the report of the civil service com
mission.
A motion to print ;eq thousand extra copies
was r. Orvi'd io the committee on printing.
Air. Blair ottered a resolution, which wa?
adopted, directing the committee '.>u iuvistlga
ti(Hi and retrenchment i«» inquire whether any
miirstrg ui the I nittd States in any foreign
country has used his official influence tolbrwqrd
the intviests of any mining cou.panv, ami
whether his doing so was lompatiblc with tbe
duties anil requirements of his position.
Air. Stunner tried to get up his resolution vs
last March, asking information übout rhe num
ber of ships sen? to waters of San Domingo
during *hc* negotiations, and the cost of send
ing and keeping them there, but Mr. Uorklin^
objcctctl and it went over.
Ah Norwood of Georgia, was sworn in.
.m: Uunkting s resolution, directing an inves
tiguiiou of Hodge’s case, was taken up.
Mr. Sherman moved to atnend so to cm
braCC the case Qf Rank l.xuinnier Uallendein
and A|r. Conk ling accepted the aineudiueip, and
the resolution was adopted*
Mr. I'ool, at his own request, was excused
from serving on the committee on investigation
ami retrenchment.
Mr. Scott called up his resolution liucctmg
the scrgeant-at arms to am-j; ’iaunders, a rc
fraetorv wi?ne*s m North Carolina, Adopted.
The senate went into executive session, and
soon after adjourned.
HOUSE.
The house, in the ipt'iqiqg hour, took up the
bill hcruicj^re r*duud hy Mr, Hoar to otablisha
la Lor comUHSsion.
Alter some difficulty as to the assignment of
the floor, etc., notice was given tha‘ the pre\i^u>
question would be called at one tomor
row alteruoon. and thu Ue ate then progressed
HU H.u lull
Mr. Siony, member of the committee on edu
and labor, advocated the passage <>f fhv
bill. The evils of the industrial classes’were
patent to c\ci> one; ->2,0,000,000 ptoperty,
belonging to capitalists, was exempt from taxa
tion, and otfier interests wcnT taxed to make up
ttie deficit; §2l,ooo,ooowas paid annually frmti
the tiensure to the bai’kjng associations, as a
mere bounty and gratuity. Tne poor man paid
a tax on his salt ol 155 per cen/;on cutlery, over
fifty; on clothing over sixty-tive; ami on his spade
ami shovel,over forty-tive.while the rich man paid
upon jewelry, diamonds, etp 4 *ax not ex
cvcdmg p/r, |H.i ucut. To adjust the wrongs of
the laboring men, congress will have to repeal
every pet financial scheme of the Pur|r
power.
Mi ox proposed auaiqeiKlinent, in the inter
est of pivd service, that uu party or political in
fluency should coq((q| the nppqiutntvqt qf the
commissioners. He expressed the wish that
such a man as David A. Wells could be appoint
ed on the commission. He took the hill ns an
earnest of a better policy on the taritf, toward
which even New England is progressing. He
would be glad ro see an intelligent investigation
from any quarter.
Mr. K' i r spoke against the bill, which would
be regarded as insincere and hollow, and chietiy
intended, by false pretense, to bridge over the
next presidential election, and mislead the di>-
cuptented sons of toil into voting the radical
ticket in 1872 lie believed it a mere attempt to
make places for partisans, and that it was un
constitutional for congress to assume power to
regulate hours of labor, or standard of wages,
or division of joint profits of labor and capital,
or social conditions, or educational institutions
of the people. Such a sweep of jurisdiction
would speedily leave nothing to the states or the
people; make all local governors expensive sine
cures, and make the power oi congress as tran
scendent and absorbing as the British parlia
ment.
Mr. Wood believed that the party in power
was responsible for the troubles of the laboring
men, and it was only in a restoration of the
democracy to power that they can find relief.
Mr. Duke suggested an amendment, directing
an investigation especially into what tuxes, as
sessments and duties on imports are imposed
directly or indirectlv by the laws of the United
States on any article used by the laboring class
es, and upon any raw materials which enter
into the manufactureoi such articles; also what
quantity of public lands, which should have
been preserved to furnish homes for the people,
and to supply a fund for the education of the
masses, has been granted to corporations organ
izeil and controlled by, and exclusively for the
benefit of, a few wealthy individuals
Mr. Slocum suggested an amendment, mini
ingas commissioners Horace H. Dav, Richard
F. Trevplliek and Alexander Troop. He favond
an investigation by persons not selected on ac
count of party, or on account of devotion to
high tariff priiiciples.
Ihe discussion was temporarily interrupted
bv a message from the president relative to civil
service reform, which was read and referred,
and by senate amendments to the bill tor the
hicago custom house, which were concurred in.
Mr. Townsend, of Pennsylvania, regarded the
message just received as a full and effectual an
swer to the charge by the democratic members
relative to the supposed profligacy of the ad
ministration. h showed that the' president’s
party was the party of reform. He supported
the pending bill, as in the interest of all, and in
the interest of common humanity.
Mr. Hawley advocated the bill.
Mr. Speer, of Pennsylvania, suggested an
amendment, directing inquiry particularlv into
the system of paying laborers in store onlers in
stead of cash, and report what means can be
adopted to prevent a continuance of the system.
Mr. Burchard suggested an amendment, com
miffing the inquiry to the bureau of sta’isties,
under direction of the secretary ol the treasury.
Mr. Farnsworth said that all the evils com
plained of could be remedied by a repeal of
some laws and a reduction of some taxes. He
was opposed to any more commissions, and be
lieveo that the committee on education and labor
could investigate the subject more intelligently
and economically.
Mr. Killinger preferred that the inquiry
should be made by some officers of the govern
ment, and thought the commissioner of agri
culture a proper person. If there was to be a
commission, however, he wanted one of the
commissioners to be a practical laboring man
and the term of office limited to one xcar.
Mr. Kelley advocated the bill, and said the
duties on non and other American productions
were necessary to protect the American laborer
and add to his comforts.
Mr. Stevenson favored the appointment of a
commission.
The discussion went over till to-morrow.
Mr. Garfield, from the committee on appro
priations, reported a bill, appropriating $27,840
to supply the deficiencies in the expenses of the
kuklux committee. In reply to Mr. Eldridge,
he stated that the total cost of the committee
was $69,907, exclusive of printing. The report
will till seven volumes, making about six thou
sand pages,
It was agreed that an itemized account of the
committee’s expenses be printed in the Globe.
The bill passed.
Adjourned,
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, Dee. 19 —There was no addi
tional arrests last ni“lit. Tweed is said to be
nervous and anxious. Connollv is not so sick
as was reported. The story of his illness was
started to gain sympathy for him.
The latest city swindle exposed is that of the
collector of assessments, who has pocketed half
a million of dollars in a few years. The present
incumbent, one Starkweather, was appointed
by Tweed in 1867.
it is generally believed, on account of the con
sultations held last evening between prominent
lawyers, who are known as the defenders of the
ring, with Charles O’Co ior and the district at
torney, that several important arrests will lie
made. The names ol Mayor Hall and Judge
Hilton are mentioned in connection iherewith.
William M. Tweed, Jr., has sold the Metro
politan hotel to a couple of railload ticket
agents.
The Times mentions a rumor that the grand
jury has indicted a prominent n publican news
paper for libel upon a city judge'and that an
editor of a ring paper hac been indicted for ob
taining one hundred ami twenty-five thousand
dollars in bogus advertising claims.
it is confirmed that Heenan, Cook and Dun
phy left for Europe, the two former some ten
days since via Halifax, the latter within a couple
of days. Warrants have been sent for their
arrest.
A large crowd assembled at the court of gen
eral sessions early this morning in expectation
that Mayor Hall would he put at the bar, but up
to noon he was not known to be under arrest.
His counsel held frequent consultations with the
district attorney yesterday and this morning
The indictments presented yesterday’ were
against Tweed, who will probably 1^ rvarrested
thereunder; also Hank %mjh and James M.
Sweeney, brother us t’eter B. Sweeney.
It is ‘Juted tiiat ('has. O’Conor and Jj^wes
Bedford and Hackett were in consultation over
an hour this morning prior t<* opening of
the courts.
As far as can be ascertained, 'fwcod and Cou
nol'y wjl move to quash the indictments fuumi
against them as illegal. A provision of the law
of 1870, framed especially »o prutcci the ring
rogues, says that r,o bection shall originate with
a grand jurj of the inferior court of general
ue^ious, while a grand jury of the higher eourt
of oyer and terminer is sitting.
The indictments a«mw fweed ami Connolly
were toqnd under precisely these circumstances.
It is said that some part of their action was
taken before tins clause uj 1 the law was known
to their leffal auvisers, tire deputy attiynvy gvn>
Cfal mid district attorney. The subject then
came up for discussion, pnj Ah O’Conor de
clared that it nieic technicality which could
not liqUl geod before a jury, and advised the
giumljuryto continue its investigation with
out reference to this clause of th,, iuw. Other
lawyeisthau those eiu' ig^l m the defem us
Tweed and CoQyoßy say that the law was
oiigii’rJß aamed to protect these robbers, aua
is virtually a dead letter and a desperate de
fence.
11 is reports( ti»u« the grand jury have un
earthed q »iurlling nest of frauds in »h. rax
ortice. When notices of assessments were sent
to wealthy tax payers, some creature of the ring,
it is said, would appear before the tax commis
sioners, declaring that lie was either Hmiiicmteal
lux payer or Hie agent of the tax payer. He
would complain that l*e was taxed for property
be did not owq A aud alter specifying the prop;
erty- rtai estate, manufactory, or whatever else
it might be—would make aflfdavii to the same.
When the real tax payer appeared be would
pay the wholv assessment, after which the ring
U' i !lic amount 'pcciii. d ill
ulvnt affidavit, ami pocket wh?\t was deducted,
the books being maninnlated to correspond. It
is said the gv»nd jmy have indicted some of
the;*? l< Itows.
J he ball J tbe Tweed association, annoftneed
for last night, did not take pjaye.
Two reform judges of the superiiw court are
to take seats here January Ist, when they will
make it still warmer for the ring robbers.
Everything promises to come out in time.
Senator Genet, alleged to be implicated in thu
Harlem court house swindle, denies he is setlir^
his real estate, horses, etc.
Tbe Commercial has q rwimu’that the heavy
tax pavers qf the city are to be overhauled by
the grand jury, and that prominent gentlcmvm
who were conspicuous in whitewashing |he late,
controller, have been exempt ijom rcrsomit
taxation, and indirectly engage dyiYuuding
the city,
\ll the transactions of the park comm is«
sioueys are being overhauled, to ascciqain whero
the six millions they expended bavo gone, tMm
or more of these gentlemen; it i§ said, cannot
escape without indictment.
Jjqlf a do-sen attaches of tbe department of
public works are saul to be imlicteii. All have
tk-d. The personal tax book, heruWm-e held
sacred, was before the grand mr\ vesterdav.
The rumor of qrreu, to-day current, of the
muvqf. lo'oves untrue.
Tweed is said to have had an interview with
Ingersoll in Jersey City.
Ibc city deposits are being truu^iCired from
the Broadway to the t*ark bank.
\t a m?ei!hg of the federal council of interim
tiouuls last night, the Crispin jewelers and typo
graphical ninons, affiliated with and UH-aiue a
part of the internationals.
The immigration roinuitssioiiers state that
ric^ef-uf-Leave men" ami other English crimi
nals are again arriving here quite mWW'Jsly.
At a meeting of the Kings co.y.my supervisors,
this afternoon, to nM q hooper tor the Brook-
Ivn ne'*vUamvnHary, Harmon, wpuhlicau,
Cmugcd that SBB,OOO a year wm* paid political
strikers appointed as court officers for political
services Johnson, republican, stated that SSUJ
was uilvred to a supervisor to vote fm a Hug
mdWMe, Mayor X*U J> H'^cU was for taking
PRICE 1 (ENTS.
up the charge of bribery, but the election was
proceeded with, and the ring candidate was
elected.
i he mother of Flora Brown, supposed to lune
perished in the Chicago tire, is alive and writes
to the Newburg chief of police from St. buries,
DI. The girl was found on the 9th inst., wan
dering in the streets of Newburg, and sent to
Cohoes, where she stall'd that she had relatives.
She has not been heard from since and cannot
now be found.
There was but a small audience at Cooper in
stitute last night to celebrate the treatv of Wash
ington. Addresses were imide by Rev. J. B.
Miles, Elihu Burritt, and Dr. Prime. Resolu
tions were adopted hoping that the negotiations
for the ashington treaty might be a precedent
by which all future national differences may be
adjusted, a universal reign ut peace secured,
closing with the hope that the present differ
ences with Spain may be adjusted in the same
manner by arbitration.
Tiie grand jury commenced an investigation
in the Fisk-Mansfield case.
FROM EUROPE.
France*
OBSERVATIONS OF THE ECLIPSE.
Paris, Dec. 18.—The French academy has re
ceived the following from the eclipse expedition:
The spectrum of the corona attests the existence
of matter in the space beyond the atmosphere of
the sun.
sick prisoners.
Prisoners Billioray, Rastouk and Henry Roche
fort, now undergoing confinement in Fort Brv
aid, in pursuance of the sentence, of the court
martial, are sick in the infirmary.
THE CROWN JEWELS.
I'he French government refuses to sell the
crown jewels to private parties.
DECREASE IN THE NI MBER OF STUDENTS.
1 he number of students in the college of Metz
has diminished from five hundred to three per
sons since the German occupation of the city,
and in the college at Uolmar the number has
been reduced from four hundred to sixty, of
whom forty-right are Germans.
TILS ORLEANS PRINCES
Duc d'Aumale and prince De Joinville took
took seats in the'assembly to-day. They sat in
the centre of the members of the right. Their
appearance created no sensation.
<4reat IBritaiii.
THE CONVALESCENT PRINCE.
London, Dec. 19—2 p. m—The prince of
ales continues to make satisfactory progress.
I’he duke of Edinburgh, who left last week as
soon as the prince was declared out of danger,
returns to Sandringham Saturday.
THE ERIE STOCKHOLDERS.
A meeting of the ‘‘Erie railroad stockholders
for the protection of society,” was held to-day.
Raphael presided, and said the present Erie or
ganization cannot long survive the fall of its
twin monster, the I’ammauy ring; an avowed
object ol the republican legislature ol New York
is, he said, to correct the management of the
Erie railroad.
Portugal.
EMIGRATION.
Lisbon, Dee. 19.—The press has shown much
anxieiv over the largely increased emigration of
workmen to the United States, and lecoiumend
remedial measures.
Fire Record.
AT WAKEFIELD —LOSS NOT STATED.
Boston, Dec. 19.—Allen Co.’s shoddv mill,
in U akefield, was burned last night. Insured
for $19,006, which probably covers the loss.
AT QUINCY, ILL.—LOSS $75,000.
Chicago, Dec. 19.—Comstock Jt Co.'s stove
foundry, at Q lincv, was burned this morning.
Loss, $75,000: insurance, $60,000.
AT DEPOSIT—LOSS $20,000
I>El-OSIT, N. Y„ Doe. UI.-HiUbawuv Simp,
son s block was burned to«day. Loss $20,000. x
Criminal Record.
HOIUUni.E TRAGEDY.
um l A ec —Horace Sprague,
at lute s Corners, cut his child’s throat with
a razor, crushed his wife’s skull with the ax,
and then tied, this morning.
TWELFTH DAI OF THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Asxai olis, Mil., Dec. m.—i,, u, e Wharton
trial, <.en. George I). Wise testified that ihe
prisoner, in .Inly hist, after Ketrhun.-s death
endeavored to obtain a loan of *II,OOO on her
note, to enable her to go to Europe; sho was
willing to pay SIOOO for the privilege,.
I'r. trunk Dunalson of Baltimore, medical
expert, testified to the use of mid effect of yellow
jessamine; he said to the lioat of his knowledge
mid belie! the death did not ensue from imtural
causes; witness being asked to state whether iu
hj?i opinion death could have resulted from
opium, said there was one symptom, Ilie semi
conuitose condition described, that would make
Inin strongly suspect opium; but it has Leon
shown that (leu, Ketchum spoke inteili-iblv
half an hour bolore his death; it cou'u not have
been opium; he could not hayo been roused
witness was proceeding to i-umpm-e the syniul
tomsol Ketchum with ptoi,e which attend tin
over dose of tartuj- etpeiiv, when the court ad
journed.
UTAH.
SATT I.lkb Cn v, Dee. lii-B. G. Hampton,
a Mormon poltcctnap, has been arrested,
charged with participating in the murder of Dr.
Robinson,
MURDER AND LYNCHING.
MEMt-ius, Dee. 19,-A man, lurking about
the building ut Union City where the express
robbers are confined, shot dead mi officer mid
wounded another who tried to arrest him. He
was subsequently arrested mid jailed under
suarfl. Beiore morning thirty disguised men
overpowered the guard, killed l,evi Farringtop
an express robber, anil took the murderer awav’
1 he body oi the hWev was found hanging to a
tree. His imme was Toler, from Kentucky. It
is siippoavd he was connected with the express
routed, and was there to aid them in escaping.
New England Dispatches,
CONNECTICIJT.
Hxktford, Dec. 19. j| l 0 Orient fire insur
ance company oi^uuiaed to-day, with Chas. T.
Webster for and George W. Lester
seere’.av.v, Die machinery us the old City com-
IVVH U tu be applied to the new company, the
the capital ol which is $500,000.
FrtNounl Telc£i*aiUß.
J:\mes Sweeny and Hugh Smith are in dis
guise at Toronto,
Queen Victoria will remain at Windsor during
the hohdav’i, instead of going to Osborne.
At Watertown, N. V., yesteiday, Gilroy Lord,
citizens’ candidate, was chosen Uiayor bv 239
majority. J
It is suited Hull Secretary Ooutwell is prepar
explanatory acoowet of syndicate opcra-
'J; Shilhiivr. of 11... lull, dc liveiul bis lecture
at l i\huatlge*s church, Brooklyn, Monday night,
tua crowded audience.
Passed Assistant Surgeon W. S. Bowen, of
Rhode Island* has tuvn detached from the New
1 ork navy y aid and ordered to the naval hospi
tal at Norfolk, Va.
James M. Smith, democrat, was yesterday
elected governor of Georgia, U» fill the unex
pireq tviiu ol Ruins R. Bullm-k, without opposi-
Governor Rohiusou, of Prince Edward Island,
m reply to a memorial from the opposition, said
that though they are in the uuijoiity they can
only declare want of confidence.
H illiain Beust, after rescuing his wife and
seven children from liis burning house at Lib-
M wus 10 death, with his eighth
child, while endeavoring to save it.
Mr. Sumner has given notice of his intention
ro offer an amendment to the eonstitution.bv
which any one who has held the office of presi
dent will Im: ineligible to re-election to that
office.
A special from Berlin says that Minister Ban
croft, qu Monday, delivered to the emperor nf
Uenuany, whQ had accepted the arbittatorship
between Hreat Brtain and the United States,
the memorandum ot the Amerjoai; government
tloi!* reaurd to the ~orth 'veswvn Boundary ques-
(J 11 R I S T M a s
WALLETS
I have How in Store the best assort
incut ever exhibited in t he 'late ot Ma
sachusetln They are ail made expressly
fur me; consequently the styles and
prices can be relied upon a» being satis
factory.
OTA call is im peel fully solicited.
WALLETS.
EDWIN A. WARDEN,
Apothecary,
IX BA Y STATE HOI SE, WOKt
nW dtf
FllO LEI' One half of midr HuUM No.
-I WBnntun st.. 14 moms; Ixub-rtoni. gas, water
closets, stable. Ac bor farther information apply to
ABBOTT A BiCE.
»<o dtt 1 Central Exchan^
ADVKKTHDia RATE*.
IV Daily Spy—For] the “Square* often linca to
agate type, 1 time7s its.; each nubsequent innertlon St
cu 1 week |8.7»; 2 week a |L00; 1 month |K.OO; 1 year
Stk)—and the ame rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Twu lines for one week S 1.00; three line |I 25;
our lines |1.37; five lines 91.50. Local notices 25 centa
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
Une. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements |I.OO per square for first inser
lion; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special positions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged fortlie whole space occupied.
In Weikly Spy—First insertion >I.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months >7-00; one
year >25.00.
iioliinin cGoobs.
^ASWELL HAGEND
STANDARD
COLOGNES!
SIXT£EN DIFFJLUtNT OUORs
FOUND AT OIU
DRCG STORE,
IO FRONT ST.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
PUFF BOXES!
Russia Leather, Metallic and Paper,
with Medallions painted by hand in Oil Colors, at our
DRUG STORE.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
ft
JEWEL CASES,
Of Solid Russian Leather,
IN GREAT VARIETY,
CAN BE FOUND AT
FAIRBANKS PIPER'S.
WK KER PUNGENTS!
In While, Ruby an.l Blue, cut glass. Also,
KND PUNOENTS,
With Gold and Silver Tops.can be found at
OUR STORE.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
WE HAVE AS
ELEGANT LINE
OF
TRAVELING FLASKS,
DIXON'S,
FRYES, AND
IIAWKSLEYS J
CALL AND SEE THEM.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
We are not to be excelled in our
Line of Hair Brushes!
ALE PRICES.
THease Examine at our Store.
10 FRONT STREET.
IVORY AND TORTOISE SHELL. FINE
DRESSING AND POCKET
COMBS!
IN QREA.'r VARIETY AT
FAIRBANKS PIPER’S,
IO FKOVT MT.
DRESSING CASES!
LADIES* AND GENTLER EX’S
The Best Aiaortmeht ever shown in Worcester, at
our Drug Store.
IO Front St.
FANCY WRAPPED SOAPS!
LIDINS.
HAYLEY'S,
COVDRVY, and
MOL LLISON,
('hoice Perfumes!
sold by
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
WALLETS.
SWISS CARVINGS!
A Gbiml Assortment
<AS BE FOVSB AT OIK UULU
STOKE.
13 Front Et eet,
FAIRBANKS PIPE*.