eilortesttr yaiig
IS PUBLISHED EVERY MORMNG,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
Al per year, if paid strictly lit adtune*.
Otherwise, 75 Ceuta per Month.
Oe Spn,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At per Annum.
•I D. RALIHVIN’ A CO., Proprietors.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
a’lorccstcv Jailg
CITY NEWS.
Senator Wilson will doubtless have a cordial
greeting at Mechanics hall to-morrow night.
The sale of tickets for Mrs. Moulton’s concert
on Friday evening next, will commence this
morning at 9 o’clock, at the music store of
Richards, Metcalf Co.
Rev. M. M. Parkhurst, formerly of this city,
but more recently of Chicago, will give a brief
and thrilling description of the late Chicago tire,
at Trinity church, corner of Main and Chandler
streets, this evening, at 7 o’clock. Mr. Park
hurst’s church, parsonage and the residences of
over two hundred families connected with his
church, were destroyed by the late conflagration.
A flag bearing the motto, Washburn and
Tucker, was stretched across Main street, from
the Spy building to City hall, from the republi
can headquarters last evening, a republican
crowd cheering the act. It was contemplated to
have a band of music on the occasion, but
previous engagements made it impossible for
any one of the three bands here to appear, and
the notice was too short to secure one from any
other quarter.
Few dramas possess the degree of popularity
that is accorded to “Uncle Tom’s Cabin.” In
spite of the fact that this piece has been pre
seated almost countless times, Music hall con
tained one of the best audiences of the season,
last night, and the performance, especially the
rendering of the part of Topsey by Mrs. How
ard, was of such a character as to merit the
highest commendation.
1 A Hebrew tin-peddier by the name of Joseph
Browiski, with his entire stock ol cheap ware
in a basket, was assaulted on Suffolk street yes
terday afternoon, knocked down, and his basket
of tin trumpery taken rudely away by a fellow
who further displayed his meanness by tearing
up the mercantile license of the dealer in cups
and candlesticks. The goods were nearly all re
covered in a battered condition-like the owner
—but the highwayman has not been found, and
the ski of Joseph’s Blow is clouded with gloom.
The many concerts with which Gilmore’s
band has delighted an audience in Mechanics
ihall renders a particularization of what is to
come to-night unnecessary. It may be well,
however, to again remind the many admirers of
Arbuckle in this city of the fact that he will
pome with tl'.e band and give us two solos.
Mrs. Anna Granger Dow, a soprano’ singer, is
still another attraction presented. Read the.
programme offered in the concert advertise*
Jment for Informa ion in regard to the other at
tractions. This concert opens the Mechanics
Association’s course of entertainments.
Municipal Court—Judge Williams dis
josed of seventeen cases yesterday morning:
>cnrgus A. Maxham, for obtaining money by
false pretenses, was ordered to recognize in S3OO
or his appearance before the January term of
he superior court; Michael O'Keefe, for keeping
iquor, paid $lO and costs; Julia O'Connor and
Mary Lee, keeping open shop Sunday, were
pued S2O and costs each, and Mary paid, but
fulia appealed; Peter Sullivan, Samuel W. Casey
md Henry McGowan, lor being present at a
rame on Sunday, paid $5 and costs each; Cath
rine Duffey, common railer ami brawler, $5
nd costs; Seymour W. Preston, disturbing the
Leacc, $lO and costs; Daniel Kay, Edward Pow
rs, Seymour W. Preston, John Leahy, George
puskie, Malachi J. Tohey and James Niles, were
ach fined $3 and costs for drunkenness; all
■aid but Niles, who had to go to jail.
The Meeting To-morrow Night.— Ihe
eeting at Mechanics hall to-morrow evening
■.ill be addressed by Hon. Henry Wilson and
■lon. George B. Loring. Hon. P. Emory Al
y rich is to preside. Senator Wilson will repeat
able speech which he has recently delivered
i Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and will de
■‘ive the compliment of a crowded house. Dr.
■bring :md Mr. Aldrich are always listened Io
ith great interest. The ladies are especially
ivitcd to be present, and will probably be out
large numbers. The republican committee,
■uder whose auspices the meeting is called,
Have arranged to have a band of music io en*
the occasion. Let there be a good I urn*
H ut to-morrow night.
H The Moulton Concerts.—Mk Charles
Htoulton, whose first appearance in this city is
Hinounccd for next Fiiday evening, comes to
Hs with a reputation already hav-
passed through the most critical ordeal al
Home and abroad. The New York press without
Hiception, arc enthusiastic in the notices of her
Hicat success in a series of concerts in Sh in
■y ball. One of the best art critics in that
■y says of her appearance there: ‘‘Mrs. Moul-
Hti has everything in her personal appearance
her favor. The charms of manner and voice
so balanced by personal beamy and woman*
presence that nothing is left to wish for.
is a certain refinement and Iculing in her
Iture, and a sympathy in the tone, which
Bring from long ami patient study and from
natural endowment. She was most in
usiastically applauded ami fairly loaded with
perb floral offerings. Iler v >ice has a perleel
mmand of all the ornaments andieats of vo
lizmiou, and in runs and cadenzas is easy ami
A duo with Ronconi, and a cavatina
H| an Donizetti displayed these gills of exeeu-
remarkably and astonished even those
io were prepared for ihcse exhibitions of vocal
Mrs. Moulton was encored everytime
c sang, and each time responded with a
|Hench song.”
Annual Meeting <»i nir. I’ijh ij s’
di was held la<t evening at tin ir new rooms in
hall. There was a large attendance ami
at interest was manifest. <l. The president,lion,
nry Chapin, occupied the chair, flic secretary
a report giving an account ol the orijin of
club aud ot its doings <hiriug the first sea
■i. The repoit of the treasurer I diowcd liom
it appeared that Hie profn>oi the late lair
I^Biouiii' d to $2105.96 Ihe sections made n-
ts through their secretaries of flic work ac-
nplished by them. Ihe resident in a few
|Mef remarks expressed his great inh h-i in the
of the club, but stated that owing to the
demand upon his time, he must de-line a
The fidlowing oilhers were then
fur the coming year:
Dr Geo E Iranei'. Vice IT.-id. nt
Mm Minnie Carle.
reasurer-Samuel S Green.
eCt ion ot llo'pitality. hairman, -I A Ware;
W II Hackett.
M-ctmu.d Ednc Pion. haimum bi-
M retary, Geo D Davis.
of Bem voleiun-. hairman, Mrs Mary A
Secretary, .Miss Minnie M Karlo.
t was voted that the room- be opened by ap-
exercis- s in tin- ci.i m- a few day-.
cannonm•< nn nt ol tlieddn .item w ill be m\i u.
also voted to petition the leg Mature lor
M act of incorporation. Alter passinz several
es of thanks, including one to Know lton
>s. for a generous gift of gas fixtures, the
adjourned.
|H he hospitality section will hold if- tir-t nieet-
in the east ante-room of Brink s ball, on
m xi, at the o’clock r. m. Ihe e<hi-
section will un i t at the same place,
evening, Nov. 7th.
M.. M Ch ambehiain. labor icform candidate
g.nv an addies la-t evening at
lianics ball.w tin h w.i- but paiii.ilh liii< d with
Mple. He was illl’odiucd to Ilie audience by
Warren Johnson, ami began by a con-idt ra
i ol ’what govcruimiii is, ami wliat the man-
of its establishment among men. Going
to the earliest time, he pH»cc<hd to show
Hv It had bel li used Lv Ilie >tion_i i to oppre-s
weaker or laboring classes, compelling Ilir
er to serve the ruling lew. Hiesc laW '.tou
uv ofllictu had her n handed dow uto ih, and
were needed for flic elmatimi of the
lie scouted (he old id< a •.1 edm alr.m
EHm: liberty, saying that education ami eivdi
|&vn were the legitimate Ibpiiiu I lib. tv
the latter first oi all, and <v v n thing
proper for humanity would follow
he nutiual irsylt Thiit same spiiitof serl-
Ibc .uijtwiuf.j I','- King William upon
til Dailn Spn
VOL. 26, NO. 258.
England eighteen hundred years ago was too
prevalent still in our own laws, and it was most
proper tor Massachusetts, which had led the
van in every reform, to take the first step in up
rooting the evil. We had in this country got
rid of the old law oi primogeniture, but it was
our duty to go further and abolish the law of
hereditary descent of property altogether, so
that all property at the decease of the owner
should go to the state, or to the public, afford
ing an oppoi Utility for every member of the
funire generation to start out upon life on more
equal terms.
Quoting from the bill of rights of our state,
art. 6. he said, while it abolished hereditary titles
and stated that “the idea of a man bom a magis
trate, lawgiver, or judge, is absurd and un
natural;” the words “or capitalist” should be
inserted, on the principle that a native inheritor
of property is equally contrary to natural right.
All wealth was the product of labor, he said, and
belonged to those who performed the labor.
I he speaker alluded to strikes among working
men as not a practical way of remedying the
evils complained of, which could be removed
only by a regular course of law, or rather by a
change of the laws by means of political organi
zation aud agitation and not by stopping the
wheels of productive industry by strikes.
Speaking of laud, and rents, Mr. Chamber
lain claimed that as labor produced the value of
real estate, it should all belong to the public,
and the rent for the use of it should be given to
rhe state, or the public, by the occupant thereof.
The present system of rents he thought was
merely the absorption of the labor of others by
the capitalists. The lands should all be owned
by the government, aud people should pay rent
for it into the general treasury. This great
change would require time to bring it about,
but it must come, through a change in our laws,
one of which should be, that, at the decease of
every person, Ins or her estate should go to the
general public.
The gigantic evils of corporations of every
kind, banking, manufacturing, railroad, &c.,
were spoken of as robljeries of the poor. An
other great evil, he said, was the monopoly of
money, the result of the present banking sys
tem, so radically wrong. The present system of
taxation was also denounced as oppressive and
unequal, vastly in the interest of capitalists and
opposed to laborers. The gigantic railroad cor
poiationsof the country, with tlieir monopoly
of the public lands, &c., granted by congress,
were especially condemned, as endangering the
liberties of the country unless a remedy
was applied. Massachusetts, he thought, in
consideration of her past renown, ought
to be ashamed of having such a dele
gation in congress as she now has; they
represented the money bags and not the people.
The ghosts of Hancock, Adams, etc., should
haunt them, and shame them to exertion for
the passage of belter laws. But no changes in
our laws for the remedy of these great evils
could ever be brought about, through either the
republican or democratic parties; it must be
done by the thorough organization and eventual
triumph of a political party, based on tiie prin
ciples of the labor reformers, whose platform,
laid down at Framingham, the speaker pro
ceeded to explain, taking up its various planks,
seriatuin. He said the national debt should br
paid out of Hie capital of the country; we
should have a definite and decided
law when aud how it should be paid;
and we should have a law that no debt, in na
tion, city, or town, should hereafter be created.
The speaker advocated woman suffrage, said
women should have the same pay for equal la
bor as men, and closed by recommending the
labor reform party as the party of progress and
humanity, tending to the accomplishment and
universal emancipation of the race.
The speaker occupied about an hour and a
quarter m bis address, which was attentively
listened to. The National cornet band was pres
ent, and played at the beginning and close of
the meeting.
Meeting of the City Council.—The reg
ular meeting of the city council was held last
evening, and the following business was trans
acted: The petition from Jas. Terucy and oth
ers, for widening and putting in order Foyle
struct, was referred to the committee on high
ways; from T. L. Nelson and others, for a sewer
on Lynde street, to the committee on sewers;
of J. B. Lyon and others, for lamps on Austin
and other streets, to the committee on lighting
streets; of Dennis Mahoney and others, for wa
ter on Canterbury street, and Ashworth and
Junes, asking an investigation into the matter
of non-compliance with a bond of agreement
on Ihe part of the city to maintain a hydrant,
near the establishment of the petitioners, and
for the proper indemnification for damage
done the petitioners on account of the city’s
failure, to comply with the terms ol the bond,
to the committee on waler.
Decrees laying out and locating Coral aud Dix
streets and a portion of Union avenue were
adopted and sent down for concurrence; decrees
laying out and locating Penn avenue and Tat
nuck street between May and Chandler, and
widening Cedar street, were accepted and placed
on file; orders establishing the location of the
sidewalk on Chatham and Quincy streets were
adopted and placed on file in the city cngineei’s
office; and orders establishing the grade of
sidewalk on Belmont street and the location of
the sidewalk on Church street were taken from
the files and adopted.
Orders were also adopted prohibiting the use
of the council chambers for any purpose ex
cepting meeetiugs of the city council, school
board, and board of overseers of the poor; and
requesting the joint special committee on re
numbering streets to repoi t at the next meeting.
The highway committee reported upon the
petitions: To have Farewell street made public,
to have Elliott from Edward to Wilmot graded
and made public, and to have Lancaster street
made public, recommending the reference of
each to the board of aldermen with the favora
ble consideration of the committee; upon the
petition for the suitable grading of Carrol
street from Laurel to Prospect, the committee
recommended that the highway commissioner
be instructed to grade the street so it will be
safe and convenient for the public travel. The
report was accepted ami recommendations
adopted.
The following communication was read in the
board of aldermen and referred to the committee
on finance wiilr instructions to report what
action should be taken. It did not, however,
reach the common council last evening.
Commission of Shade Trees
|\m> Public Grounds. j
To the Honorable City Council:
ihe matter of the incumbrance of the common
by the meeting-house of the First Parish has
been heretofore seasonably brought to the atten
tion ot your honoiablc body, with more or less
formality, by this commission. It is unneces
sary, for the purposes of this communication, to
recite in the alternative the remedies proposed
for this freat public, inconvenience, or the
measures that actually commended themselves
to your deliberate judgment. It is not believed
that anything has occurred to alter or modify
your settled resolution to adopt whatsoever
methods may soonest aud most effectually restore
to the whole people the absolute and unrestrict
ed use and enjoyment of a pleasure ground,
which is none the less public property that it
has not always been guarded with miserly pro
vision from private encroachment or corporate
greed.
It is most certain that you will not deduce an
argument for the interminable occupation of
the most conspicuous and eligible portion of the
common by the First Parish, in tasteless inno
vations upon venerable architecture, or in the
scant courtesy which vouchsafed such quecrly-
Uhristian treatment of your most generous otter
to submit all vexed questions to impartial arbi
tration. ere there no other and higher reason
ot abstract right, you would not be justified, in
the light ol recent events, were you to tolerate,
for one unnecessary moment, the existence of
an edifice that would he sure to defeat the arrest
of a disastrous conflagration by its tenacious
retention of the broad open space which would
otherwise be presented to the flames.
The First Parish lias exhausted t| ie public
bounty; it presumes upon the general indiffer
ence of toleration; and needs to be taught that
the muicenary selfishness of a few "cannot
longer lie suffered to curtail the rights nor inter
lerc with the enjoyment of the vast majority.
Ar the hearing lieforc the legislative commit
tee, in the matter of a union passenger station,
it was stated in your behalf, by your counsel,
that the removal of the railroad tracks would
undoubtedly be followed by the school-house
and lock-up, and by the purchase of the old
niceting-hou.se. <)t the removal of those tracks,
however retarded by legal artifice and chicanery,
no one can doubt who Ims ever obseivcd the
summary manner in which our people are
wont to brush away the obstacles in their path
of progress.
Aud that the expenditure of time, labor, and
m<>nc.y so freely contributed during the past
year, 111 »y not be more than wasted; and in or
der that further steps may tic taken towards the
ultimate oomph te icclamation and improvement
of the common, this commission most earnestly
advises and requests your honorable body to
make seasonable application 10 the general
court for leave to resume possession of that
portion of the common now in the occupancy of I
the First Parish, upon such conditions and
terms as may be adjudged equitable.
Very respectfully, for and in behalf ot the
commission,
Edward W. Lincoln, Chairman.
IN BOARD OF ALDERMEN.
In the absence of his honor Mayor Earle, Al
derman Barnard was called to the chair. Peti
tions from Michael Lacy and Andrew' Martin
for the assessment of damages to their estates by
the widening, straightening and grading of La
fayette street, were referred to the highway
committee of the board of aidermen.
The following jurymen were drawn to attend
the next term of court: Charles H. Ballard, Ed
ward \V. Valli, Augustus B. Prouty, George
Tower, Lyman Howe, Avery Davis and Amos
Twiss.
Win. Ross was granted a license to keep a
victualing establishment on Austin street; Wil
lard Humes a license to keep a stable with more
than four horses, and A. IL Greenwood as an
auctioneer.
On petition of the Boston and Albany railroad
corporation, for the appointment of railroad
policemen, with powers as defined in chapter 381
ol the acts of 1871, the following named employes
of the road were appointed: Calvin Farnsworßi,
Geo. Wilder, Sumner P. Hale, Chas. O. Boyden,
Chas. A. Clark, Wm. Stevenson and John Mc-
Namara.
After a long discussion upon the laws regulat
ing the erection of wooden buildings within the
city, and the frequent violation of the same, tin
order passed instructing the city marshal to
immediately inform the mayor of every case of
violation of the ordinance which shall come
under his notice. The mayor will then convene
the board of aldermen and an injunction will be
issued.
Several papers were acted upon in the board
of alderman which were not sent to the other
branch until after its adjournment.
Adjourned for one week.
Superior (Criminal) Court.—Devens, J.
Monday, Ort. 30.—1 n the ease of Joseph A.
Spencer, for breaking and entering the store of
Wm. A. Clark in Upton, on the night of Aug.
27th, and larceny therefrom, the jury returned
a verdict of not guilty.
Jeremiah Ilorigan of Milford, indicted for
keeping a nuisance, was put on trial on a plea
in abatement on the ground of a nuisance; ver
dict tor the government. Scammcll for defend
ant.
John Truax of Worcester, for larceny of a
hammer, verdict nut guilty, on the ground that
the name of the party from whom it was stolen
was not properly spelled. Hopkins lor defend
ant.
Wm. Weatherhead and Seth Hastings of
Mendon, appellants from the police court of
Milford, were put on trial for fishing in
“Mendon Pond,” so called, in violation of the
statutes of the commonwealth, on a complaint
under section 19 of chapter 884 of the acts of
1869. Before the empanncling of a jury, the
defendants made a motion to dismiss said com
plaint on the ground of the unconstitutionahty
of the act, and other reasons, they claiming the
right to fish there as a presumptive one be
longing to any citizen of the town.
The court overruled the motion. It
appeared by the evidence for the government
that Leonard J. Wilson, of New York, and John
Bliss, of Newton, the complainants, have a
lease ol this pond for twenty years from the first
day of April last (which was exhibited in court)
given them by the board of commissioners on
inland fisheries, under the statute named, en
titling the lessees to the occupancy of one-tenth
part ot the pond in question, which is of twenty
acres area, for the purpose of the cultivation of
useful fishes, paying therefor into the treasury
of the town of Mendon one dollar per year for
the first six years and SSO per year during the
next thirteen years. A copy of the original
title deed to this territory, eight miles square,
(Quonchepaug, the original name of Mondon),
given by the Indians, in 1662, to Moses Paine
and Peter Brackett of Braintree, the first settlers
of Mendon, and by them to the selectmen of
the town, in 1870, was also shown. This grant
ed the right to “fish, fowl, hunt,” &c., and the
use of all the “rivers, swamps, meadows,
ponds,” &c.
The complainants, Wilson and Bliss, proceed
ed on getting their case to stock the pond with
black bass, for the purposes of propagation.
The defendants, Weatherhead and Hastings, ad
mitted the fact of fishing, but claimed the priv
ilege as a natural right, and also contended that,
inasmuch as no part of the pond had been
fenced off, k (thc lessees having a lease of only
one-tenth,) the statute did not apply to thecase.
The judge ruled that it would be a crime if
there was fishing in any part of the pond, and
a verdict was accoidingly rendered for the gov
ernment, the case going up to the supreme
couit on questions of law.
The disposition of this case will settle the
question whether the legislature can take away
the right of the people to fish in the great
ponds.
Staples and Scammen for the defendants.
FROM EUROPE.
Germany.
LABOR MATTERS.
Berlin, Oct. 80.—The increasing activity of
trades oriranizations is evinced by the large
number of strikes which have extended to al
most every branch of labor, and have been con
ducted on the part of the workingmen with a
vigor and spirit hitherto unexampled in this
country. While in some cases the workmen
have tailed to compel the masters to yield to
their demands, they have in a majority of cases
succeeded in effecting compromises which virtu
ally gave them the victory. It is reported that
in consequence of the increase in the number of
these strikes, and the unsettled condition of
trade interests by reason of their long continu
ance, Prince Bismarck contemplates the inau
guration of measures for the suppression of all
woikingmen’s societies throughout the empire.
Sporting Affairs.
FLEETWOOD PARK.
New York, Oct. 30. The Fleetwood
park trot, for SSOOO, mile heats, best three in
five, in harness, was won by Judge Fullerton,
beating Sea Foam, who was distanced in the
second heat; time2:27, and 2:27f.
BASE HALL.
New Y’oßK.Oct. 80.—Athletics, of Philadel
phia, four; White Stockings, Chicago, one.
This settles the national championship in favor
of the Athletics. The Boston nine stand second,
and the Chicagos third.
Fire Record.
NEAR FORT WAYNE—LOSS $25,000.
Fort Wayne, Ind., Oct. 30.—The paper
mills of Freeman Barrett, north of this place,
was burned this morning. Loss 525.000.
AT HOOKSETT—LOSS $2500.
Concord. N. IL, Oct. 80.—The wood-shed of
the Concord railroad at Hooksett, 200 by 80
feet, containing sixty cords ot wood, is reported
as on fire. The engine house and water house
must be burned, but the wind is favorable, and
the bridge will not catch. A steam engine has
gone down so ns to enable trains to pass. The
loss will be about $2500; well insured. It seems
to have caught by a spark.
AT LITTLETON—LOSS SIOOO.
Littleton, N. IL, Oct. 80.—Saturday night
the barn of Mason Aldrich at West Littleton
was burned, together with ten head of cattle,
twenty-five tons of hay, grain, &c. Loss $1000;
insurance S2OO. The file is supposed to have
been the work of an incendiary.
Political.
G EORGI A—G RE AT EXCITEMENT.
Atlanta, Ga., Oct. 30.—Gov. Bullock re
signed on the23d, to take effect to-day; and at
three o’clock this afternoon, Benjamin Conlay,
president ot the senate, was installed as gov
ernor. Bullock’s resignation was written before
he went to New York. Great excitement pre
vails.
The Weather.
Washington, Oct. 80.—The barometer will
probably fall in New York and New England,
with southwesterly winds on the lower lakes
veering to the not th west, on Tuesday; and the
pressure will increase, with light northerly
winds, on the upper lakes. A storm of some
severity will be dvvelopt'd in the lower Missis
sippi valley, and northeastward to the Ohio
valley. Brisk easterly winds, with cloudy aud
threatening weather, will probably prevail on
the south Atlantic coast.
WORCESTER: TUESDAY MORNINti, OCTOBER 31, 1871.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE WORCESTER DAILY IPY
From Washington.
THE YOUNG MES’S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
Washington, D, C., Oct. 30 —The parents of
young men coming here on business are re
quested to furnish their names to the young men's
Christian association, that they may enjoy the
benefits of that institution.
DECISIONS.
Supreme court decisions:
No. 158.—United States vs. Childs, appellees, ob
tained from the court of claims; judgment in $163,-
111 for stores furnished to the army of the west.
Decision reversed, court boldine that the accep
tance of that award was satisfaction of the claim.
The chief justice and Clifford dissented.
No. 102.—Holl'inam et al. vs. National City bank
oi Milwaukee. Decision in the circuit court of
Wisconsin in favor of the bank affirmed; holding
that acceptance of a forged bill of lading admitted
the genuineness of the signature of the drawers.
No. 164—Cox et al. vs. Lott; and
No. 147.—Mobile trade company vs. Lott. De
cision of the supreme, court ot Alabama reversed,
tbis|court holding that while the state might lay a
tax upon the value of vessels, it could not levy it
upon tonnage as in these eases, which is in contra
vention of the constitution of the United States.
State of Louisiana ex rel. Handlin vs. Wickliffe.
Decision of the supreme court of Louisiana affirm
ed, confirming Auditor Wickliffe in his refusal to
pay Handlin his salary as judge of the third district
of New Orleans after his removal by Governor
Hahn. Handlin contested the right of removal,
which is affirmed, whether Hahn was acting as
military or civil governor.
No. 161.—Providence Washington Insurance co.
vs. Huckberger et al.
No. 162.—Merchants’ insurance company vs.
Lowe; and
No. 163.—Arctic insurance company vs. Lowe.
Judgments of the court of tho southern district of
Illinois affirmed, with ton per cent damages.
The attorney general announced the death of
Mr. Ewing, and submitted the resolutions al
ready adopted by the bar. Eulogistic remarks
were made by the chief justice, who announced
that the resolutions would be entered upon the
records of the court.
MASSACHUSETTS BANKS.
Abstract of reports of the one hundred and
sixty national banks of Massachusetts:
Loans and discounts 85,561,000
United States bonds to secure circulation
and deposits 39,000,000
Specie IM.ooO
Legal tender notes 4,581,000
Capital stock 39,272,600
Surplus funds 1,050,000
Individual deposits 25,658,000
United States deposits 1,088,000
Resources and liabilities, nearly 113,000,000
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
The attorney general, in his forthcoming re
pun, will show the workings of the new law
creating the department of justice, in which it
will be established that the operations of the de
partment in prosecuting crimes against the gov
ernment and recovering money due by delin
quent officials has been carried on at a very
much less expense than under the old system,
when each department attended to its own
business of this character.
UTAH BUSINESS.
Colonel Wickcber lias declined the appoint
ment as United States attorney for Utah, for the
reason that the postmaster.general would not
consent that he should hold the office of postal
agent and attorney at the same time. Chief
Justice McKean has designated Robert N. Bask
in as attorney, and recommended his appoint
ment. Major Hempstead, who resigned as
United States attorney, is leading counsel of
Brigham Young.
PATENT.
The application of E.G. Allen, of Boston, for
extension of-a patent for a steam pressure
gauge, has been rejectciL
Chicago Dispatches.
Grain Hohl—4'roNhy'N Opera llouwr, etc.
Chicago, Oct. 80.—The damaged grain in
four of the burnt elevators, —quantity not
stated,—was sold to-day for $595
Crosby will not rebuild his opera house, but
will put a business block on the site.
The Pacific hotel will be rebuilt on the old
plan and site. The railroads interested sub
scribe $300,009.
The Clark and Van Buren street bridge will be
completed within sixty days.
Young Treat, who shot Col. Grosvenor, has
been admitted to bail in the sum of S6OOO.
Thirty permits were issued on Saturday for
building three and four-story brick houses,
which will be commenced immediately in the
burnt districts.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Oct. 80.—I he crew of thcJUnited
States steamer Wabash went aboard to-day;
with the officers, they number about 600 men.
She has hauled into the stream, preparatory to
sailing.
At a meeting of the mayor and aldermen this
afternoon, an order was passed authorizing the
mayor to otter a reward of S3OOO for the arrest
ol the murderer of Kate Lechan. Sylvester
Hayes was examined before the coroner's jury;
nothing material was elicited, and he was held
for a further examination on Wednesday.
CONNECTICUT.
Norwich, Oct. 30.—A man named Welch, of
Westerly, R. L, was instantly killed while hoist
ing stone at Stonington, Conn., by a derrick
crank striking his head.
Criminal Record.
THE EVANS CASE.
Harrisburg, Pa., Oct. 30.—Judge Pearson
delivered a long opinion in the ease of Evans
this morning. He decided to discharge him on
the charge of embezzling the funds of the state
received from the general government in pay
ment of claims growing out of the war, and to
hold him under SIOO,OOO bonds to appear on a
writ of capias.
ARRESTS.
Lexington, Ky., Oct. 80.—The mayor and
many officers in this city have been arrested on
an indictment from the federal court, charged
with felony, growing out of the disturbances at
the August elections.
MORE KUKLUX ARRESTS.
NeW York, Oct. 80.—A Spartansburg, S. C.,
letter of the 25th inst., states that the troops
have arrested four white and twenty negro ku
klux in the town of Union. General Bates, a
prominent union leaguer, and his son are under
arrest and in jail.
BRIGHAM YOUNG'S FLIGHT.
New York, Oct. 30.—A Salt Lake special says
that the excitement of yesterday has somewhat
disappeared from the surface, but there is still
a very deep feeling among the Mormons. The
Herald characterizes the arrest of Mayor Wells
as another link in the chain of conspiracy aimed
at the existence of Mormonism. It says the in
dictments are all founded on the testimony of
Hickman, who committed all the crimes. At
least a thousand men and women have visited
the prisoners at Camp Douglas, including all the
leading Mormons. The sermon at the tabernacle
was quite subdued in character. Brigham Young
is still going southward, and will not return
before spring. He travels by night and will
probably stop in the southern extremity of Ari
zona.
MORE UTAH NEWS—MURDERERS ADMITTED TO
BAIL.
Salt Lake City, Oct. 80.—The court was oc
cupied the whole morning in Ihe argument on
a motion to admit Daniel 11. Wells, one party
arrested Saturday, upon the charge of murder,
to bail. Chief Justice McKean said:—“Al
though before this motion was argued I was
well aware that, both in Great Britain and the
United States, prisoners under indictment for
murder are rarely if ever admitted to bail, still
1 was willing to be convinced that it would be
right in this ease to disregard the almost uni
vernal rule. Indeed, 1 was anxious to be con
vinced that it would be right to do so. Nay,
more, 1 have sought to satisfy myself that h
would be right and proper to say,
that, ns the defendant, Wells, is mayor
of the city and head of the police; and that, as
Camp Douglas, where the prisoners, not bailed,
arc usually kepi while awaiting trial, is some
miles distant from the city hull and mayor’s res
idence, it would be practically impossible for
the defendant while in that camp to attend to his
official duties,andhecould not beheld responsible
for the quiet and good order of the city. I will,
therefore, admit the prisoner to bail in $50,000,
with two sufficient sureties.”
MURDERED BY A DRUNKEN POLICEMAN.
New York, Oct. 80. —Heprv Nolte while
fleeing from a saloon keeper and a crowd in
Jersey Citv, early yesterday morning, was shot
by Henry Hamed, a policeman, who while off
duty had been drinking with the party. Nolle
had been put out.of Ihe saloon but returned,
threw a rock at the keeper and tied. He leaves a
wife and three children. Hamed was arrested.
HELF DEFENCE.
Cincinnati, Oct. 80.—A robber who con
fronted Andrew Stover, of Delphos, Saturday
night, with a revolver, in his own house, was
stabbed to death. The coroner’s jury exonera
ted Stover.
CORRECTION.
Atlanta, Ga., Oct. 30.—The statement made
a lew days ago, that Charles L. Schlatter, super
intendent of the Brunswick and Albany railruud,
had left the city with railroad property, is in
correct.
Gov. Bullock of Georgia alleges as an excuse
for the seizure ot the Brunswick and Albany
railroad a desire that the laborers, contractors,
and the state may lie secured for all just debts.
He gives warning to all that the first mortgage
bondsol’ the road will tie endorsed by the state,
aud state bonds given in exchange for them.
The secund mortgage I Kinds will not be recog
nized by the state until all the valid claims of
laborers and contractors and for furnishing hud
torial shall have been fully satisfied, etc.
Our New York Dispatches.
The Cloud of Rvideiicr of Guilt
I>nrkcr around Tweed The PoMitiou of
the other Rogutt All Morin of IteniM,
ete.
New York,Ort. 30.—1 t is stated that Sweeney
bought a building on 34th street, leasing the up
per part us armories, having the lease ante-dated
one year, receiving 884,000 therefor. The
armories have never been occupied. Hank Smith,
a leading republican, draws the money, so that
Sweeney’s mime shall not appear.
Henry B. Vann and Frederick J. Shaw this
morning sued Andrew J. Garvey, their object
being to restrain him from transferring his
property. They allege that they have perform
ed work for him during the last year, and that
the transfer of bis property is made, in part at
least, with the intention of defrauding them.
This is only one of numberless suits of the same
character which will he instituted against mem
bers of the ring. It is understood that the com
mittee of seventy is at the back of them. The
grand jury this morning indicted Haggerty and
Bauch the \oucber thieves for grand larceny
and burglary. There are three counts to each
indictment—lhe first count specifies the th. ft of
three certain vouchers from the city of New
Y’ork; the second ijie theft of the same from the
county of New York, and the third alleges that
the stolen vouchers were the personal property
of Richard B. Connolly. Jn>t as the recorder
was about to dismiss the grand jury General F.
S. Barlow entered and stated that he had some
important information to impart with regard to
certain of the ring. He requested that the in
quest lie kept in session to-day and to-morrow.
This request was granted.
Tweed has concluded to pay $42,000 to Jack
son S. Schultz as assignee for Keyser, lor work
and material furnished to Tweed’s house.
Tweed’s original defense was that Keyser agreed
to do this work in consideration of receiving
certain contracts. The action of Tweed will
stop one suit against him.
O’Conor has sent a long letter to the com
mittee, declining the nomination for the assem
bly, in which he reviews the repeating system
at elections, as well as terrorism exercised over
poor men at the polls by political hirelings, lie
considers that lie can best serve the public in
terests in bis present position. His whole time
and utmost powers will be needed in the pro
ceedings against the robbers, who, not content
with their already realized trains, are now thun
dering at the gates of the treasury, and are de
termined to continue their iniquitous career
through a fraudulent canvass and corrupt legis
lation. His position, therefore, demands ex
emption even from the color of personal
interest, and his services will always be at the
command of an honest legislature.
In the complaint made out and filed at Albany
by the attorney general, it was charged that
O’Gorman, the corporation counsel, had brought
six actions in the name of the city against
Tweed, Connolly, and others, in bad faith and
for the real purpose of shielding them from
prosecution.
In answer to this charge, O’Gorman has ad
dressed a letter to Ihe attorney general, in which
he takes exception to the allegation in the com
plaint on behalf of the state against Tweed. He
says the suits were begun in good faith,and will
be, prosecuted with energy. He encloses the
opinion of George Ticknor Curtis, that it is
doubttul whether the action brought by the state
will lie, and that it is his duty as corporation
counsel to bring a suit on behalf of the city.
O’Gorman will call to his aid some of the best
legal talent in the citv for prosecuting his suits
against the municipal robbers. He has no
thomrhts of interfering with the suits brought
by O’Conor. The phases are as follows: The
.suits brought by the attorney general are ior
the recovery of money fraudulently taken from
ihe city, from persons who received it, while the
corporation counsel sues those through whose
neglect of duty or breach of trust it was so paid
out. The two classes may in some instances in
clude identical persons, but the causes of action
are distinct. These actions need not clash with
each other, and will be passed to a successful
issue.
It has been ascertained that Ingersoll left town
on Friday. His relatives expect him back
Wednesday, apd Tweed and his friends state
that he will be sure to be back this week.
It is rumored that Tweed has resigned as
candidate for the state senate and officer of the
public works. It is also reported that Morgan
Jones will be his successor in the nomination
for senator.
At the meeting of the commissioners of the
sinking fund, a communication was read from
Courtland Palmer, withdrawing the bill for
$152,000 for appraising city property, asking
merely the payment of the men who had done the
work, S6OOO. Recorder Hackett said he would
have been willing to do the whole work for
SSOOO. The city chamberlain moved to pav
each of the appraisers, three in number, $15,000,
and S6OOO for incidental expenses. The matter
was then referred to the controller.
Later Contrary to the statement published
in several evening papers, it has been ascertain
ed that there is no truth in the report of the res
ignation of Twe>l.
Charles O’Conor has written a letter to S. J.
Tilden, contraverting the opinion of George
Ticknor Curtis with regard to the right of the
attorney general to bring action against the
plan derers of the treasury.
The Times furnishes the annexed statement
of the points of the letter of O’Conor: He says
the question now before the public is, whether
these men are guilty, and, if so, whether they
shall be permitted to go into the legislature anil
continue their career of fraud and plunder.
Every county, city, town and village is but
a civil division of the state, and merely a part
of one whole. Aside from mere forms of ad
ministration and proceedings, all money of
every such civil division is but part of the. com
mon treasure of the state. Though raised by
local contributions or taxation, and intended
for some local use, it is always raised by author
ity of the supreme power; it actually belongs
to the supreme power, and it is applicable as the
supreme direct.
Whether the $6,300,000 raised on bonds to
supply the Ingersoll, Garvey, Woodward and
Tweed swindle can be so recovered, or must be
sued for in the name of the county of New York
or its supervisors, is just one of these petty
little practical points that belong much more to
the attorney’s school of manipulation than to
the great field of legal science. Perhaps all of
us have united in an error on this little te. hni
eal point; but we have had adequate nieans and
opportunities of understanding it. We arc all
firmly convinced that it will present no obstacle
to success in the people’s action.
John Rourke died last night at the hospital
from a beating by the nineteenth ward roughs a
few days since.
James Lamb also died at the hospital this
morning from stabs received in a saloon light on
12th street, yesterday.
Policeman Bolaustyn had an eye cut out by a
drunken woman this morning.
Mrs. Pelton, residing on Yates avenue, Brook
lyn, was fatally burned, yesterday, by the ex
plosion of a bottle of gasoline.
There were only three stabbing cases in the
city, yesterday, neither of which was fatal.
A mob of men and women in Williamsburg,
yesterday, nearly tore a policemtu to pieces to
prevent him taking a drunkard to the station.
Reinforcements from the station saved the offi
cer’s life and quelled the riot.
The additional subscriptions received by the
committee of the presbytery of New York lor
the sufferers by the western fires, to October 28,
reach $5700. One thousand was appropriated
for Michigan and Wisconsin.
The ship William Tapscott reports that on the
4th instant she spoke the brig Cleo, from Lon
don for Newport, R. 1., leaking badly. She
had thrown overboard about fifty tons of cargo,
and was making for St. Johns, N. F., to re
pair.
Hinton R. Helper writes from Buonos Ayres,
Aug. 29, that there was a frightful prevalence of
small pox. Deaths from yellow fever during
the past summer amounted to 26,000 in Buenos
Ayres, and 80,000 in the province of Correntes.
Justice Ingraham has issued an order for the
arrest of James Fisk, Jr., in the suit of Helen
Josephine Mansfield, to recover $50,000 alleged
to have been obtained by him in a fiduciary ca
pacity, and retained.
An order has been issued by Judge Pratt, va
cating his injunction regarding the Fisk Stokes-
Mansficld correspondence, so far as relates to
Marsh and Wallace, two of the defendants. An
argument in the ease of the continuation of the
injunction against the other parties will be
heard next Monday.
At a meeting of the Methodist Episcopal
preachers, to-day, agents were appointed to re
ceive aid for the Wisconsin and Michigan
.sufferers; $17,400 has been raised, including
SSOOO from Daniel Drew on condition that SBO,-
000 lie raised,
In the national insurance convention a draft
of a general insurance law was adopted, and a
committee was appointed to adjust the table of
mortality for ages under ten, not already pro
vided for. The executive committee of the per
manent association was increased from live to
seven. The time of the annual meeting has
changed from May to October, and the mem
bership confined to state officers having charge
of insurance, or deputies.
The following permanent officers were chosen
unanimously: George Miller, Albany, N. Y.,
president; Llewellyn Breeze, Madison, Wis.,
vice-president; Henry S. Olcott, N. Y., secre
tary. The following gentlemen were appointed
as an executive committee: G. W. Smith. S. H.
Rowe, J. L. Uhike, J. Williams and J. F. Hart
ranft. The convention adjourned, sine die.
The nail manufacturers of the Atlantic states
have decided to advance the prices flfteen per
cent., in consequence of the loss of one hundred
thousand kegs*by the Chicago fire.
Jacob Rosenzweig, the abortionist, was taken
to Sing Sing to-day.
The suit of the owner of schooner Jesse
Jones, for the value cf the vessel, sunk in col
lision with ship Hibernia, was dismissed on the
ground of negligence on the part us the
uchooncr, I
It is said that the bail of Joshua D. Minor,
the alleged counterfeiter, will be increased to
SIOO,OOO.
Three men were buried by the fall of nn em
bankment at Williamsburg; Jacob Bitleman
was killed, anil the others seriously injured.
A verdict has been given, ejecting the Hoboken
land improvement confpany from a certain
water front belonging to the city. Hoboken
was illuminated to-night over the victory. An
appeal will be taken by the company.
The Central Presbyterian church’, Brooklyn,
will be disposed of to the association of minis
ters and laymen representing all denominations,
for use in the education of lay Christians in
church work. Several eminent lecturers have
been secured, including Dr. McCosh of Prince
ton college.
Judge Barnard to-day summarily discharged
two of the Ludlow street jail debtors, and di
rected the rest to each present a statement in
writing, next Friday, cf their grievances, and
for the complainants against them to appear and
show cause why they should not be released. A
large and deeply-in teres ted crowd was in the
court.
Col. Fisk is making great preparations to en
tertain the Grand Duke Alexis. The Ninth
regiment band arc rehearsing the Russian
national hymn to play in the procession, and
Col. Fisk has ottered a special palace car train to
convey the prince and party to Niagara, and
the handomest steamer in the Narraganset fleet
for the royal visit to Boston.
Kev. Dr. Thomson preaches two weeks longer
at the tabernacle. Yesterdav he made acknowl
edgment of the gift of $55,(M10, made to him by
his congregation.
James Fisk is not yet arrested, but will be to
morrow.
Ihe old John street Methodist church cele
biated its 103 d anniversary, yesterday, which
was made an occasion for great rejoicing bv the
Methodists here.
It is now believed that the republicans will carry
this state by fully forty thousand majority. No
money is being sent by Tammany into the rural
districts.
Abbreviated DiNpatcheN«
At Charleston, S. C., there were two deaths
from yellow fever yesterday.
Ihe condition of the health of Queen Victoria
continues to excite the public mind. The at
tending physicians report that her condition is
somewhat improved.
A boiler in the Vulcan iron works, South St.
Louis, exploded yesterday morning; and, half
an hour after, another blew up. James McEn
rov was fatally scalded.
Mrs. Herman Kuhlig, a respectable German
lady, committed suicide at Cincinnati, 0., on
Saturday, by hanging. She has been deranged
for eighteen months past.
At Cincinnati, a temporary order has been is
sued restraining the Newport and Cincinnati
bridge company from obstructing Kilgour street
by constructing approaches to the bridge.
rhe annual meeting of the “western book
and,tract society” was held at Cincinnati yester
day afternoon. The expenditures for the vear
were $21,000. They have over $45,000 worth of
property on hand, with an indebtednes of SSOOO.
The wife and children of C. M. Jay, editor of
the ITcnion Detective, are supposed to have
perished in the fire at Kawakawhcn, Mich. Mr.
Jay received the intelligence indirectly, and in
the last issue of his paper, announces that, if
the rumor prove true, no further issue will be
published.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amer!
can ana Foreign Patents procured,Keiected Ap
oltcatl.-ns re-argned; Intertcrence Case.- Prosecuted;
Opinions given as to the validity and infringement of
Patents and Sults prosecuted and defended In the U. Bl
Courts, by
H I>O»QK.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of Ithe
Board of Appeals. U. 8. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodger
Block, eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mass.
U‘24 d&wtf
Sputadcs, tfr.
rpHE GREAT SECRET I-To get tha
JL best
tor the Eyes, is to consult a regular Optician. A good
Optician is as necessary as a good Physican. The
eye should be fitted with care and judgment; the
tender organs should not be strained or exerted by
trying or wearing glasses of too great power. It Ilie eye
is healthy, and the tenses properly adapted, the vision
will be comfortable and clear.
I. H. STOCKWELL, Practical Optician,
Adapts glasses, after an exaimnatatn ot the eye, for the
near, tar and weak sighted, according to the state of tho
kte. with yuarantee for satisfaction. lie keeps the
largest assortment of all the most improved kinds of
SPECTACLES AND EYE CLASHES. SPY,FIELD
AND OPERA GLASSES,
Stereoscopes and Views, *c., at the lowest prices. Arti
ficial Ulman Eyes inserted without pain, and made to
order.
Thanking my many friends, and the public, for the
very hberal patronage (much exceediny my anticipations)
bestowed on me in the past, I shall endeavor, by syuare
dealiny, to merit a continuance of the same. Remember
the place,
SPECTACLE II EPOT,
331 Rlniu Street, Worceuter, Eatabllalied
ISSM.
N. IL—No Agents or peddlers employed. Beware of
lni|'".-tei-. <iif BU
Afo® EY CANNOT BUY ITI
For Sight is Priceless!
Hut the lliamoiiil Suectnclc* will Preaerve
it.
adc
If you value your Eyesight, use these
PF.RI'ECT LENSES,
Oronnd from Minute Cryatal Pebble*,
Melted together, and derive their name ’•Diamond” on
account of their Hardness and Brilliancy. They will
last many years wi*liout- change, and are warranted
superior to all others, manufactured by
-I. E. SPENCEtt <V CO., N. Y.
Caution.—None genuine unless stamped with our
Trade Mark.
BENJ. GODDARD CO., Jewelers and Opticians,
are Sole Agent B for Worcester, Mass., from whom they
can only be obtained. No Pedlers employed.
apio deop&wly
financial.
ISCO S 8 I N CENTRAL
Railroad Co’s
IP llt S T MORTGAGE
Seven Per Cent. Gold
LAND GRANT SINKING FUND BOND,
FREE OF GOVERNMENT TAX.
G.» miles nearly completed—4o more under contract.
Funds on hand to build this 1 dS miles and equip It.
These bomls are issued no fasier than S2S,(MM) per mile
en road completed and equipped.
SEdREB
By Road, Franchises, Rolling Stock, Buildings, and all
other Property, including over
700,000 Acres
TUIRF.It AND IltOA LAADS,
The whole based upon a large cash subscription by many
of tiie best and most well known merchants of Boston
and New York.
OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY.
GARDNER COLBY President.
Hon. geo. KEED Vice President
Hon. SAM I. H. WALLEY Treasurer.
(President Nat. Revere Bank, Boston.)
TRUSTEES.
Hon. GEO. T. BIGELOW, Actuary of the Mass.
Hospital Life Ins. Co., Boston.
JOHN A. STEW ARI. Esq, President United States
Trust Co., New York.
These Bonds will l>e sold at 95 and accrued Interest
in currency.
United States Bonds taken in exchange at market
Wes, tree ot commissions
SB4OO in U. s. 5-20 s. yielding an Income of .5504
per year in gold, will purchase to-day iSiIO.OOO of
Wis. Cent. It. R. Bonds, yielding an income of ttTOO
per year in gold.
W e strongly recommend these Bonds to all classes of
Investors.
UKBWST’KR, SWKKT Ac CO.,
No. 40 State St-, Bouton.
026 dim
TONE D<> W N E R,
BANKERS,
28 State St., Boston.
DEALERS IN
American and Foreign Specie and Coupons.
BUY ANI> NELL
City. Stale. Conntv and United States Bonds.
AQH.VTS FOB SALK OF
Bl RMNGTON. CEDAR RAPIDS, and MINNESOTA FIRST
Mortgage R. R. Bonds. 7 per cent. In Gold.
Northern Pacific IL IL Bonds, 7 3-10 in Gold, and the
U. s. Fukded Loan.
ALSO, FOK SALE,
Elroi’EAn and North American First Mortgage It.
It. Bonds, 6 per cent. In Gohl, at 90 ami interest.
'Vedraw Exchange on San Fenneisco, Mon
treal, st. .lolin. and Halifax, and Buy and sell
on ommiss un Stucks and Bonds in Boston and New
York. Inquiries by mail promptly answered.
Special attention to packages received by express.
*■-6 <leop3in
B s 1 AUBO O K SMITH
have a few thousand dollar*
TO LOA\
foru*hort time.
ROOM NO. 3 ROGERS' BLOCK, ctruer
Main and PlvaMUil sU. du
PRICE I CENTS.
pottos.
JT WILL RESTORE THE COLOR TO
GRAY OR FADED HAIR!
W A B IT E IST 8
XST POISONOUS
Hair Restorer
Secured in United States Patent Office. Sept. 19.1871.
No Sediment, clear as Water and as Pure. It
contains no Oil. Alcohol or Spirit*; consequently it will
not Gum the Hal. or make it dry and wiry. No’Mtrate
of Silver, Sugar of Lead, Lac Sulphur. Ac. It will
RESTORE TIIE COI.OR
to Gray or Faded Hair. It will PREVENT the Hair from
falling off. It will tend to
MAKE THE HAIR GROW.
MAM FACTURED BY
EDWIN A. U AHRI V
A.pothecary,
IX HAY STATE IIOISE, WORtESTIR
To whom all orders should ho addressed.
OW Gt I
QLIV EK’S
STOVE STORE,
SBS MAIN STREET OED NO.
_n>j24 dtf
Slants.
Situations wanteh-bv two New
Brunswick girls, to do general housework. Apply
at No. 1Z Foundry st., left hand bell. d3t* 0.10
\VANTED IMMEDIATELY -First-class
men and women Coat Makers.
W. i T. BROWN.
080 dtf 24 Pearl st.
IJO ARI) —Pleasant furnished rooms for
gentk ni in and wife or single gentlemen, with good
hoard. Apply at Salisbury Mansion, Lincoln Square.
028 _ di w
I>OAKD!—Two gentlemen can be accom
with board and pleasant room in a private
tuinly.l.y applying al S. HoIG! lio t rt
l.nk>t. aae
small tenement of three or
v four rooms, within five minutes’ walk of the Spy
tte’it to be moderate. Anply to, or aditre>« JAS.
r lIZ, Spy Press Room, alter 2 o’clock p. m. daily.
oW Mt
1>OAR1)! A gentleman can Le acrommo
dated with board, upon application at No. 41 l.in
_ 3t ‘>2B
VV ANTED -AjHio Quart Champagne Bot
i.. u‘ 31 tr Manufacturer of Improved
Ton c Beer, 26 Exchange st.. Worcester, Mass,
leia dtf_
W ANTED—Good reliable men, to represent
the Union Mutual Life Ins. Co. f Maine in this
city, to whom good compensation will be paid. Also,
Agents throughout the County, where the compunv is
not represented. Address P. O. Box 171, Worcester.
VVEAVERS WANTED !-6 or 8 good
Broiul Fancy Loom Weavers; good mill, good
in.ichinei \pa\, and mpiox m,
Hunts ior family help, II de-m it. Apply to
SUMNER URATf CO.,
<’2l d2w* 22 and 26 Front st.
pniICAGO AM) THE GREAT UON
FLAGKATION.
A Conci-e History of the Past of this most wonderiul
ot cities, and a detailed, circumstantial and vivid ac
count ot its destruction by tire; with Scenes, Incidents
Ac. By Messrs. COLRolll <t CHAMBERL.t IN. Citv
Editors ot Chicago Tribune. Fully illustrated from Pho
tographs taken on the spot. Agents wanted. Address
I'. \EN I’. 58 Murray st., New York. il-op6l 020
piOTTON MI 1.1. HELP WANTED 1
good Carder, with family help; 2 Frame Spinners;
I spooler-tender; 1 Twister-tender; 1 Reeler; I Fly
fraiae-tender. Apply soon, to
SUMNER PRATT A CO.,
22 and 26 Front st.
Also, a f ood Repair Hand. dlWt* 024
Agents wanted male and fe-
MALE—In everv town In the United States, to
sell an article needed bv every lady. A live Agent can
make from $5 to >2O per day easily. Send $2 for sample.
HASTINGS Millbury. Mass.
Millbury, Sept. is.i, .hi gg
WANTED A ‘<><>k. Inquire at
W. HAMIL lo\ \,j
027 dtf
IVAXTED 2 or 3 smart, active girls, for
Drawing in Cotton Warps.
STURBRIDGE COTTON MILLS,
027 dtf Fiskdale. Mass
WANTED By an experienced man, a
J situation to take charge ut Stitching Machines in
a Bout or Shoe Shop. Address W ?py Office, Worces
ter. Mass. .it-’
gl aroints.
Elims’k W~I L S ON~ r s
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE TI LE BEST
Ever OflTcred to Public Patrcnaße.
They are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make an even and linn stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use.
Call and see before purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, al our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser.
CP' Every Machine warranted.
BEAL PERCIVAL,
340 Main. St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
*l3 dioDtl
J£EYSTONE
SEW IXL MACHINE I
TClegarit, Simple, and DiiraUle
LOCK-ST ITCH,
STRAIGHT NEEDLE AND SHUTTLE.
Agents Wanted. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
chine Co., 220 Tremont st., Boston.
012 dTu,Th&Stf J. C. BROCK, Agent
F|IHE AMERK AN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Huies in any kind of Fabric, and Cvcraeam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
S3T“Please call and examine Machine! and Work, at
334 Main Street.
<ltf I. H. ITOCKWII.I.
rpms
HOWE BEWING MACHINES
AND E. BUTTERICK <t CO.’S CELEBRATED PAT
TERNS, for Ladies', Misses', and Children's Garment*
of all kinds, and Shirt Patterns of all sizes, ut MOS
Alulit st., Worcester. Mass.
L. Q. SPAULDING, Agent.
Also, Needles FOR ALL AINDS OF MACHINES, Silk, OU
Ac. Tuckers, Rufflers, and Corders.
Repaired. dtf ap6
yynED
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite!!
A. E. PECK, Affeut,
oS dtf Kin Main St.
Dissolution of copartnebship.
The firm heretofore ex sting, under the name o
REVERE A HEWETT, is this day dbsolved by mutua
consent. N. L. REVERE.
S. A. HEW ETE
I shall continue the business of General Jobbing. Re
pairing Sewing Machines. Ac heretofore conducted by
Revere Hewett, at No. 80 Suuthbridge st.
N. L. REVERE.
Worcester. Oct. 23,1871. dtf 025
jJRESS AM) Ci.OAK MAKING.
MBS. A. C. GRUBB
would respectfully Inform the ladies of Worce-ter and
vicinity, that she will open rooms tor Dress and Cloak
Making, at 424 Main st., cor. Pleasant, on Monday, Oct
9, Room No. 4. dim*
HYAIGXTIIS, TULIPS, and other
Dutch Bulbs, for sale by
oM fltf JOHN S. BALLARD A CO.
SIOO to 250
where selling our new seven strand White Platina
Clothes Lines. Bells readily at every house. Samples
free. Address the GIRARD WlltE MILLS,
<>M deopAwcow'm* Pldhulelpld:i. I'a.
FOR SALE-THREE SHARES STILES
RESERVOIR STOCK. Address
l 4 A. WHEELOCK,
vl| dtf L'karliun Depot, Mau.
In Daily Spy—For the "Square’ of ten llnca aoh
agate type, 1 time 75 eta.; each subsequent Insertion 56
eta.; 1 week |2.75; 2 weekss4.(Mi; 1 month $6.00; lyear
|i.o—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two lines for one week $1 (Ml; three 11ne|1.25;
fouriinea >1.37; five Ih.es>! w. Local notices2s, enu
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements SI.OO per square for fir»t inser
tlon; each subsequent Insertion 50 cents.
Special positions; in the paper, and special Myles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly Spy—First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion SO cents; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
fa
'I’D LET GOOD LOWER TENEMENT
Ot 6 mams; city water. Inquire at No I t Orchard
dtf
fp<) RENT—Two nice lower tenements of 5
otlmr conv.mience*. 1 :,nd
Peuvl Ht of (Hn stniit.
for Vntlraß,',"''',™. 1 frUm's"." ."io'f
Olw
rFO RENT—A Louer Tenement of 7
JL roomt, on Benefit court; rent p. r n b
L. A. ELY A CO.
11() RENT—On Woodland st., a first-clasa
Tenement; bam If desired. M
024 dtf A. ELY A CO
rpo LET—On Sunnyside, a new tenement
of six rooms; stable it desired. Inquire on th
piemtoM. x i
028 d3l*
rpo LET—A pleasant lodging room, with
board. Inquire at No. 6.1 Portland st., right ’.-..it
bell. dtf
fjio LET A very desirable Tenement of
six rooms, all on one Hour, at x I M;uli-. ii st near
Main.by FRANKLIN WHIPPLE.
_o2B dtf
TENEMENT TO RENT-Of 5 iw. I
\int:n st t<> a small tamily. Al--, any one having
personal property to exchange for real edate, will d„
well to call nt same place. <!3i* o'B
T FINE LOT OF
Pianofortes and Organs
TO RENT!
AT VERY LOW J’RIl ES.
444 MAIN ST.
RICHARDS, METCALF CO,
i i sr v k■
JAFFIOE TO LET The room formerly
occupied l»v John D. (’hollar ils an ollie. in Lincoln
douse I.lock. I his room is up one flight of stairs, front
ing on Main st., and is verv pleasant and de-iralde lor
terms, Ac., apply to JOHN D. (’HOLLAR,
No. 472 Ma n si.. Taylor’s Granite Building.
027 dis
HRO LET—One flrßt*elflßs Tenmnentof sor
6 rooms; also one of three nice rooms Apple 1..
Wl dlw I- Bqi wp lossalem 1
PIRST CLASS TENEMENT, with mod-
ern improvements, t«» rent. at 8 Loudon st.
du’ JOSEPH A. HOWLAND
fill) RENT—One Store in new brick block
comer 01 Washington and Belknap sts. inquire at
42 Orange st., from I to 2 o'clock, or at 513 Main -1
O®6 dtf THOB. MOS MIAS
LET At No. 5 Belmont st., near Lin
coin Square, an upper and lower tenement, of four
rooms each; newly fini-ned. Possession given immedi
ately. inquireof Jacob Banff.
—_ <'or. Lincoln and Belmont sts.
LET—A Suite of rooms, or ton ment,
M. on Pearl st. Apply at 17 Pearl st corner Chestnut
bet ween the hours of 8 and a. m. and 12 and I r m
025 dIW
TOO LET Two Tenements on Wa-itinof n
st. Inquireof E. K. RICE, cor, Summit ami Ah
sts. dlw* <)25
LET Two Tenements on Wilmot st.
Inquire of A Dl N THAYER, 3!>s Main st.
O» dll
ROOMS TO RENT
Also, STORAGE.
02 dtf E. >l. ST(K R WELL.
HRO RENT—Suits of Rooms, or Sitmio
Rooms for ofllces. Also, Desk Rooms, and room*
suitable tor lodging.
dtf goodnowatayi.gr.
rpo RENT—The Store No. 17 on Mechanic
st reel, now occupied by the St. Louis Fl.hu- Ch
I’his store |s admirably adapted for the grain, iron, or
other heavy business. Inquire of
u J GEO. CROMPTON,
dti Crompton in Green i.
fIV HEAT -To a small family, one Upper
Tenement of srooms, comer of Harrison and Biake
sts. Apply on premises, orol .lA<. MhLANEFY, ufiice
No. t> on csU r Bank Block, Fo-ter I. du 06
FIU) LET—One tenement, of seven rooms.
JL Apply at No. 26 W.-t -t. dtt 4
TOO LET—In Crompton’s Block, Mechanic
A st., moms of various sizes on second, third and foui th
floors, uitable tor offices, manufacturing purposes, and so
clety rooms. This new and elegant block is centrally lo
cated within a few rods of Main st. and the Depots. It la
n t he business centre of the city, and is fitted up with all
themoi ern improvements, making It one of Hie most
leslrablc locations tor business in Worcester For terms
and further particulars, inquire et
GEO. CROMPTON.
dtl Crompton Loom Works. Green s|.
TOO RENT—A convenient tenement of G
rooms, all on one floor, in the new house corner of
Harri'..ll and Coral >ts. dtf at£||
TOO LET Rooms for mauufactutiic
J- purposes, up one HlghL Inquire at
WORCESTER SKIRT CO..
auls dtf sbl M .;in ■l.
TO LET —In the Block corner of Main ami
Pleasant the third floor, a room 23 x 50.
Also, to let, in Hie New Block oppoHie lh<- i '.>inin.in,
two rooms <>n the secund floor, suitable for oilh-vs, one
25 x 31), and one 20 x 25. It. TA Y LOR
#3 du
TOO LET Nice tenements at Nos. 1 1-2 ami
3Davißst. Apply to Mrs. E. D. WAKSER, 1 c Da-
Gsst. dtf tllll
TOO LET—The large lower tenement ot nine
rooms, witli stable, at the corner of Edward and
Belmont sts. Apply to WM. ALLYN, al the corner of
East and Farwell sts. dll
TOK) KENT-Suit of Front Rooms in 2d
A Story Goulding's Granite Block, suitable for Milli
n«ry or other Im lness purposes. Apple to
dtf W. If. GOULDING
TOO LET—A newly finished Lower Tene
ment of ii or 7 rooms, al No. 5 sliver st. Inquire at
the house before o’clock A. M.,or after 6f. M.
013 <HI N. M. B\R\ ES.
110 I.ET A lar.-e room. 2d floor, 582 Main
st. inquire of K. HUBBARD. No I Rogers’
Block, Main st. dtf si!)
r po LET—At South End,near Horse R. R.,
a new and desjraldv Cottage House, s rooms. Pos
session given iuimeiiiately Apply to
ABBOTT A RICE, I Central Exchange.
dtf I:. 1 -1 at. I; I .k« r-.
TOO LET- Nice New Tenement of 7 rooms.
J- No 2 Larch st, near Merrick st. dtf 525
TOO LET —A suit of rooms over the Five
J Cent Savings Bank. Inquire of
010 dtf C. HARRIS. Sec’y.
DESK ROOM TO ~LET-Up one flight,
in Room 4. Ist National Bank Building. Inquire at
IM National Fire Ins Co’s office. dtl ols
TOO LET Two on Providence
A si.—one of lour rooms, one of three rooms, 10 Amer
lean families. Inquire between 6 and 7r. m.
,W. F. POND,
o!3 du 11 Providence -t.
4 Fl RST-ULASS LOW ER TEN EM EN T
am. To RENT, at No. 20 Crown st. Inquire on ihe
premises. dtf o 3
rpoß SALEOII TO LET -In the wntic of
Boylston, a Store and Tenement conneclco. of seven
rooms, good barn and one acre of land. For reterenee.
Inqillieof HORACE KENDALL, or JOHN ANDREWH,
near the premises. JOHN ANDREWS.
Boylston. Oct. 16.1871. dtf
jfor
A FIRST- CLASS “GHocEltY “AND
u-M. CffOCKFRY STORE -One of the uldest and best
in the county, 16 miles ftom Worcester, near depot, must
be sold Immediately. Apply to
Learned, newton a <o..
d4t Worcester.
ipOR SALE A COVERED MILK
A WAGON, in good running order, will be sold low,
if applied for soon. S. A. NEWTON, ,Ik..
028 dtf Auburn, Mass.
I>A R E CHAN( )E Elegant nndloige stores
Violet in the new Public Library Block in souili
bridge. 100 feet deep by 278 wide. A rare chance tor ac
tive business men, for Hie sale of dry goods, clothing,
turniturc, or other wares. Population a Itou 1 6.000. An.
ply to LUTHER S. AMMIDOWN,
028 dim Southbridge.
pOB BALBI
A Grocery and Provision Store.
on Main st Worcester, doing a paying business o
per year; situation as good as any In the city;
custom first class. Best of reasons »ur selling. Inquire
of N H CLARK. Front st., or E. T. SMITH CO., .mn
B A A. R I,’. Depot. dtf
ORBE“BLANKETs FOR s..\ LE A
few hundred good common Blankets, well made
up. at low prices. SUMNER PRAT T,
s '26 <ltf 22 Front st.
OTHTHN LAPPEUS FOR SAL! IA .i
Whitm 3-i»eater Lappers, iron frames, now run
ning In good order, ready for delivery Nov. I Yupiv m
CORDIS MILLS,
8 dtf Millbury, Mass.
IABINET OBGAN FOR BALE Fw
V/ sale at a bargain, one nearly new Mason U\ M
I.IN CABINET ORGAN. Il is the style E. 5-.<tave.
douldc-recd. with sub-base and octave coupler, even
slops, with Iwo sets Vibrators throughoul- one ot lour
teet pitch, one ol sixteen fed; and one octave 01 sub
ba>e connected with the manual; ant m-tave coupler,
giving ettect ot lour sets of reeds; knee swell an-t rt< mu
iant; self-adilisting reed-valves; improved bellows:
coupler connects with octave be low. Apply to
L. M. WAiIE.
_OIC dim Leicester Mass.
fIK FOB BALE One nice seven
years’ oId'BLACK MAKE; weight about
IUOOIbs. Also, one new Ph .eton. They mir
—’4r l«? iii at John Cutlvr’.- Stable, rear 01 180
Front st dlw* o 2"
IOUNTEB SHOW CASES FOB Al l
3 Nice Show Cases. *ll in fli>t-iaie order, and nicely
finished, will be sold cheap. J. N. I’l N KII A M.
u 27 dlw 4lßMainst.
I?OR SALE The Farm of the late Calvin
Brigham, mi Grove st., (consisting of 25 acres. Will
sell the whole<>r part. Inquire ot G. A. BRIGHAM, »m
the pr< misea. d* w *•-7
VAI TORY FOR SALE OK TO RENT,
J? with water ami steam power; situated un Hie line
of the Providence Railroad, in the city ot Worcester.
Apply to Washhvkn a Mukn Mr;. Co.
ap« dtf
For sale wood an o
TIMBER, within IH miles of City Hall; al-o, 2U)
cordsof Dry Wood,ready lot market.
0. N. POND A D
024 dtf 2 Frou' si. Exchange.
C CALORIC ENGINE—3 Horse Power, m
good order, for sale bv
CHARLES WILDER.
02l OtW Main st*