<f/bt vjilerceiiut gadg
IS PUBLISHED EVERY MOHXIXO.
(SUNDAY F.XCEVTF.D,)
At 09 per year, II'pa!«l Rirlclly In ativnnc*.
Otherwise, 7 Lent* per IHonlli.
Ut fKassarfmsttts Spg,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1170.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At #3 per Annum.
J 11. IIAIiDtVIX A' fJO., Proprietor*.
NO. 414 MAIN STREET.
M'&rtcster jniln §pn.
CITY NEWS.
The Martinetti Karel troupe will appear at
Music hail on Nov. 0, 7 and s.
Uncle Tom's Cabin, with that best of all Top*
sevs, Mrs. G. Howard, will be played at
Music hall to-night.
E. M. Chamberlain, their candidate for gov
ernor, will address the labor reformers of this
city and vicinity, at Mechanics hall, this even
ing.
Southland's orchestra, G. H. Wilson prompter,
has an advertisement this morning containing
information of interest to managers of halls and
parties.
An empty horse car with a horse, but no
driver, came running up Main street, Saturday
night, from the direction of Market street, and
created an excitement for a shoit time. A
broken wheel slopped the ear and the fun at Cen
tral street.
The ladies of All Saints church, who arc will
ing to take garments to make for the sufferers
at tlie west, arc requested to eall for them at the
house of Mrs. Henry Clarke, No. 9 Chestnut
street, on Tuesday, between the hours of 3 and
5 i*. m
The republican headquarters, 442 Main street,
will be the scene of a flag raising at half past
seven this evening, when the campaign Hag will
be stretched across the street. A band of music
will probably be in attendance.
A telegram has been received from Mr. D. L.
Moody of Chicago, saying that he will be unable
to keep the appointment made tor him to
speak in Worcester on Thursday evening, as
announced in the churches yesterday. It is
still expected that Mr. Moody will visit Worces
ter before long.
The exhibition of Colonel Bui-helder’s famous
painting of the Hattie of Gettysburg will soon
interest our citizens, Post 10 having made ar
rangements to bring the great work here. The
correspondence relative to the painting, which
appears on the inside page, will be found of in
terest in this connection.
Hon. Henry Wilson, and probably Hon.
George B. Loring and other well known gentle
men, will address the citizens of. Worcester at
Mechanics hall on Wednesday evening on na
tional and state affairs, the republican city com
mittee having arranged lor a mass meeting on
that evening. Hon. Geo. F. Iloar will preside.
The arrangements for the military exhibition
at Music hail, next Thursday evening, seem to
be completed. As already stated, company B,
State Guard, will do escort duty; the officers of
company A and the commander and staff have
been invited to be present in uniform. Further
particulars will be found in the advertisement.
A number of citizens desiring to visit Martha's
Vineyard once more before winter, Mr. F. A
Clapp has obtained a number es excursion
tickets, which may he procured from him on
Monday at summer prices, to go via South
Framingham. The boat from New Bedford
goes only Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays,
and we understand that quite a party propose
to go on Tuesday next.
The Mechanics association will open their an
nual series of entertainments and lectures to
morrow evening by a concert in which Gilmore’s
band, not omitting Mr. Arbueklc, are to partici
pate. The programme which is announced in
.another place is surely attractive enough to
p.lease the most fastidious audience. Mrs. Anna
Granger Dow, a Boston soprano of merit, will
also .appear on this occasion.
The sale of the John C. Ripley estate on Rip
ley street Saturday afternoon attracted a large
numberof persons, The bidding was spirited and
the price obtained very satisfactory to the
sellers. The whole lot contained 140,507 feet of
land, which was sold to Joseph S. l’erry for
20 8-10 cems per foot. Abbott also sold one
half of the double house on Hammond street, be
longing to J. H. Wall, to D. O. Woodman for
$1990.
The members of the Peoples’ club arc remind
ed of their annual meeting this evening, at their
new location, Brinley hall, which lias been
thoroughly refitted for the use of the club.
.Any members being at leisure are requested to
be at the hall this afternoon, for the purpose of
banging pictures and making other arrange
ments. Contributions of pictures, either loaned
or given, are invited, and all pictures will be
cared for if left at the ball this afternoon.
C. L. Gorham's horse whs driven away from
liis music store, Saturday evening, and found
yesterday morning beyond New W orcester, by
Mr. B. A. Ball, and retained until claimed. The
robes, as described in an advertisement, were all
stolen, and the horse had become entangled in
a plow which stood in the ground at the side of
the road. Some one who knew it saw the team
driven down Green street at about nine o’clock,
but thought that the owner was in the carriage,
and paid no attention to the driver.
The announcement of the death of E. C.
Cleveland, which occurred on Saturday, will be
read with sorrow in this community, where the
deceased numbered such a host of personal
friends. Mr. Cleveland has been a prominent
manufacturer of woolen machinery, and lias
been influential in municipal affaiis, having
held the offices of common councilman and al
derman. A progressive and public-spirited citi
zen, his death will be deplored by many out
side the near circle of relationship. His age
was forty-five.
Municipal Court.— ln the municipal court,
Saturday, Samuel Stratton paid a fine of 810
and costs for selling liquor; Ellen Rscd, com
mon drunkard, was sent to the house of cor
rection for three months; Susan It. Hrady was
fined 810 and costs lor larceny, and committed
to jail on non-payment. For drunkenness, Jer
rtniah Muiphy, Jeremiah Donohue, Phillip
McKenna and YVm. Maynard were each lined $3
and costs, and Wm. Murphy $1 and costs; all
paid but McKenna and Maynard, who were
committed.
Sudden Deaths. —Michael Brown, teu years
Oi.d, son of Mr. J. 15. Brown, engineer and as
sistant to the janitor at Mechanics hall, was
found dead in his lied Sunday morning. lit*
complained of a pain in his head Saturday
night, and had very lit'-le appetite for his sup
per, but otherwise wus not known to lieailin.tr.
No noise was heard in his room durln.tr the night.
He was found with his feet out of bed, at
though he had attempted to get up in the night
and fell back dead.
Rev. Stephen Sanford Smith, of Chicago, who
has been stopping recently with his sister, Mrs.
Wm. Sanford, in this city, was found dead Sat
urday morning, in the bath roam. He wn«
seventy-four years old and was widely known
and beloved for his many virtues. He was ex
pecting to go to West Medway to preach on
Sunday, and his sermon was prepared from the
text: “I shall be satisfied, when 1 awake in thy
likeness.”
Beprebentative Nominations for Dis
tricts Ten and Eleven.— The republican
representative conventions in districts ten and
eleven wei? held in City hall Saturday evening.
The delegates ;<J the former assembled in the
assessors’ room, am? organized by the choice of
I*. Emory Aldrich chiiSnum, and Henry A.
Marsh secretary. A motion \v;i' wade by Gluts.
E. Stevens to proceed to ballot for candi
dates upon one ticket, and the motion having
been carried, the vote was taken with the ti.'J*
lowing result:
Whole number of votes cast 15
M*-ce«saiy for a choice 8
L»*wis Hainan! had 14
Jcliii Gates 12
H. W. Potter 12
Win. Mulligan 4
8. It. Hcywuod 2
Iteo. Geer 1
A motion, made by S. A. Porter, that the
three uatntft receiving the highest number of
votes be declared the nominees of the conven
tion, was carried. The district committee of
last year—R. M. Gould, J, C. Bigelow and Cims.
E. Stevens —was lecboscu.
The delegates to the convention for district
No. 11 assembled in the ante-room of the com
mon council chamber, and organized by the
iwi n i or
cull or tester truh) £>m
P
VOL. 26, NO. 257.
choice ofJ. 15. Knox chairman, ami Junes ft. Ks
tabrook secretary. I>. L. Goddard moved that
the convention proceed to ballot lor one repre
sentative from ward seven, which motion pre
vailed, and John S. Baldwin received thirteen
votes, the w hole number cast. Laomi Harring
ton then presented the name of .1. It. Torrev
from ward six, and a ballot gave him the
same number of votes. H. G. Otis, in
behalf of the ward live delegation, stated that
they came into the convention w ith no particu
lar name to present, but he would then present
the name of Gio. I*. Kendrick. A vote for the
third candidate was then taken and resulted in
12 for Geo. P. Kendrick and 2 for D. W. Haskins.
John S. Baldwin, J. K. Torrcy and Geo. P. Ken
drick were accordingly declared the nominees
of the convention. The distiiet committee of
last year—E. T. Marble, C. G. Reed and A. A.
Gotiloti —was rechosen.
The I n ion Depot.—The tacts here given in
relation to this matter are from the Boston
Journal: Some two weeks since Chief Justice
Chapman, of the supreme court, assigned Satur
day, October 28th, for a hearing on
the acceptance of the report of the
commissioners appointed on the location of
a Union passenger depot at Worcester. The
counsel representing the various interests ap
peared before Judge Antes Saturday morning,
when the point was raised by parties apparently
ilisatislied with the report that the matter could
not be heard before a judge in vacation, but
only in term time. Judge Ames icmurked that
at the lime the hearing was Set down the chief
justice had no doubt that the business of the
late term would be prolonged until that time,
but its business had been finished a week before.
Hon. K. R. Hoar, representing the Boston and
Albany railroad company, thought that counsel
might agree to waive the mere technical objec
tion,which w as the result of a mistake, and have
the healing proceed, but as other counsel ob
jected and desired delay, he asked that an early
day might be fixed for an adjudication of the
matter. After further discussion Judge Ames
decided that the question might be argued on
the 18th of November, w hen the Suffolk county
court again came in.
Officers of tiie Worcester County
Musical Association.— At the busiuess meet
ing of this association, held Friday evening, the
following gentlemen were ehesen officers for the
ensuing year:
President—Samuel E Staples, Worcester.
Vice Presidents—Wm Sumner, II 1J Allen. A C
Mini roe, Worcester; Hon Win R Hill, W’ilkinson
ville; Anson Rice, Northborough,
Secretary—S Richards; Assistant, I N Metcalf,
Worcester.
Treasurer—J E Benchloy, Worcester.
Librarian—G W Elkins, Worcester; Assistant,
L II Cudworth, Oxford.
Board of Directors—E P Hartshorn, Ashland;
Geo Barrett, Asltbuniham; SII Warren, Auburn;
H W Rice, C Ward, Brookfield; G Hitchcock,
Brimfleld; C O Barnes, George Dana, West
Boylston; H E Purkhurst, Clinton; F W Works,
Corduville; Geo Liudley, A Davis, Dudley; *1
Waters, East Douglas; L II Vaughn, East Brook
field; M G Lyon, John Upton, Fitchburg; A 9an
crolt, J A Greenwood, Gardner; J P Cheeney,
Globe Village; E G Bi;ck, Danielsouville, Conn; L
8 took well, S D Hall, Grafton; F fc» Na
son, Honkinton; Thomas II Wheeler, Har
vard; II W Howe, Ilubbardston; A B
Spooner, Hardwick; Wm Jones, Lunenburg; Lewis
Parkhurst, Leominster; Rev A Q Coolidge, Leices
ter; (.'has 11 Hall, Milford; J C Scott, .Millville;
r E S tee re, L Lovell, MUlbury; F Smith, Henry
Felton, Marlborough; ('has Wilcox, Geo lv Tufts,
New Braintree; B J Blanchard, North Uxbridge;
Jonas Bigelow, Geo Harrington, Northborough;
S s Russell, lliruey Mann, Oakdale: G F Daniels
Oxford; DrOHowe, Princeton;G WDodd,Paxton;
T H Linden, Quinsigamond; Rev Wm Phipps,
Plainfield, Ct.; A 11 Leland, Sherborn; A
Rand, Shrewsbury; A Bailey, Sterling; L
A Powers, Spencer; H Newton, Soutlibor
ough; Jason Waters, Sutton; O Jillscn, South
Gardner; II A Kimball, Southbridge; Rev A J.
Bates, Saundersville; Frank Copeland, Sterling: E
Reed, Rutland; T II Livermore, Rochdale; Rev.
Wm Phipps, Southvllle; J L Murdoch, Uxbridge;
P R Barbour, Ware; John lloman, N\ p esthorough;
Anson Warren, Westborough; Wm l’atrick, War
ren; Wm li Woodcock, Wmchendou; J A Goodell,
West Boylston; Wm II Thompson, West Brook
field; A A Mnmford, Ea t Webster; S R Leland, F
A Leland, T P 1 Magoun, C L Gorham, E P Knight,
<’C Stearns, Worcester; Hon ('lias Adams, UK
Leland North Brookfield; ChasE Hatcheller,North
bridge; Dr. Joel White, Uxbridge; J H Gleason,
Holden; Chas Upton, Westminster; Geo B Allen,
Lowell: A S Livermore, Bramansville; Charles
Whipple, East Douglas; J W Temple, Spencer; B,
L M smith, Wliitinsville; E L Hathaway, Ware; L
O Emerson, Framingham; P A Butler, South
Framingham; W F Clement, Woburn; C I Long
lev, Boylston.
Honorary Directors—Carl Zerrahn, Solon Wilder,
Boston; Geo F Root, Chicago, Ill; W O Perkins, L
BBarnes, L W Wheeler, Boston; F S Davenport.
Bangor, Me; G W Hazelwood, Providence; A V
Hill, Lowell; *1 II Morey, Concord, N M; S A Ellis,
Lawrence; R DulioL, Bridgeton, NJ; CL Glad
ding, Troy, Pa; c P Morrison, Worcester; Dr LH
Southard, Boston.
The committee on resolutions reported the fol
lowing, which were adopted:
Whereas, the Worcester county musical conven
tion, now about to close its annual festival, having
from an unostentatious beginning fourteen years
ago, risen to its present, almost unparalleled state of
prosperity, requiring in its management the united
skill and administrative ability ofthe most eminent
musical men in the city ana county, and ranking
among the first institutions of the kind in the coun
try, therefore
Resolved, that we have abundant cause for thank
fulness for our continued prosperity, ami that we
have unusual cause for united congratulations In
view of the unprccendented success of our present
session, and for the eminently high attainments
achieved at our musical entertainments.
Resolved, that our present condition should
stimulate us to renewed exertions in the future, ami
that out aims and purposes should ever be onward
and upward in the glorious work in which we are
engaged.
Resolved, that the thanks of the convention are
particularly due to our able president, S. E. Staples,
Esq., and to S. Ricnards, Esq., our faithful secre
tary, lor their unwearied eliorls in furthering and
perfecting the plans of the executive board, pre
paratory to this our annual festival.
Resolved, that our thanks are specially due to our
accompanist’s Messrs. 11. D. Allen ami E. B. Story,
for the faithful manner in which they have per
formed their difficult duties; and also to all others
ut home and abroad, who have rendered valuable
aid ut tli.o matinees, concerts, etc.
Resolved, that we are not unmindful of the emi
nent services of our dist inguished con ductors, Lari
Zerrahn and Dr. L. IL Southard, ami the great
artists of the festival, Madame Anna Bishop, Miss
Antoinette Sterling, Miss IVrsis Bell, Messrs George
Simpson,.l. R.Thomas and 11. Uuruubec, and
also of the great aid of the Hostou orchestral
union.
Resolved,that our thanks are due to the entire
community for tfie liberal patronage bestowed upon
our endeavors to furnish them with a series of mu
sical entertainments, commensurate to the occa
sion.
Resolved, that we specially tender our thanks to
the agents of Messrs. Steinway Sons ami Chick
pr|ng and Sons, for the use ot concert grand piuno
fortes,
COUNTV NEWS.
Sixty Clinton Irishmen were naturalized opp
day last week.
Over one hundred eels were taken from a
turbine water wheel, at Lancaster mills, one
night lust week.
The labor reformers of the 7th district have
nominated Jonas E, Howe for representative.
The retail price of milk in Boston is sixty*
eight cents per can, and the prices at the farms
in Sterling, Lancaster, Leominster, and other
town? equally distant, thirty-three cents. The
farmers suy that when they can’t get half the
price in Boston it is time to complain.
At the republican convention of th# sixth dis
trict, held Saturday, in Lancaster, Geo. A. pur*
ker of Lancaster, who lias been representative
for the twp last years, was nominated for re
election, receiving twenty votes to seventeen for
dug. J. Sawyer of Harvard. The district com
prises the towns of Lancaster, Bolton and Haiv
vard.
The Milford Journal claims that its town is
not behind the times; Over five hundred acres
of woodland were burned over during three days
last week, in various parts of the town. Noth
ing is stated in regard to the cause of the fire.
The rain of Wednesday evening, 25th, finally
subdued the last of it.
Hon. Asaph Wood, of Gardner, received the
sad tidings, lust week, of the sudden death of
his son, Pruems M. Wood, who resided in Tiin
berville, Nebraska. He died very suddenly, on
Wednesday of last week, of a disease commonlv
known us chill.” Mr. Wood had
been put in hjs field at work until nearly eleven
o’clock, ami not feeling well hjc returned to the
house, .lust a* he reached the door fie fainted,
was carried into the bouse and revived for a few'
minutes, but suddenly grew worse and expired
in less than thirty minutes fiom the time lie
arrived at the house. The deceased was l»orn ip
Gardner, and removed to Nebraska and settled
at Fremont, in May, 1857. On the discovery of
gold in Colorado, be at once engaged in freight
ing, and was known from Omaha to Denver as
o Timber Wood,” a name in which lie seemed
to I*l.l* delight, and which attached to him
through life, >Vhcp freighting ceased to be
profitable he engaged in il/e construction of the
Union Pacific railroad. When that was about
completed he sold out his mules, came back to
Fremont, and soon after purchased the property
known as the “Fames worth rancho/’ six miles
west of Fremont, subsequently taking in an old
acquaintance as partner, and together they were,
at the time of his death, running one of the
largest farms in Dodge county. He leaves a
young wife, to whom he was married but a
short time ago. The Fremont (Neb.) Tribune
says that among the rugged pioneers and plains
men he was noted for his ability to stand hard
ship.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
ro THIWOSCEITEB DAILY IPI
FROM EUROPE.
C* mil It i ll:iau.
SPEECH BY MR. GLADSTONE.
London, Oet. 29.—Mr. Gladstone made a
speech at Greenwich yesterday, in which lie eulo
gized the Queen, complimented his colleagues,
pointed with pride to the vitality of the li
beral party, declared that Ireland was now more
contented, and promised that the troops in the
coh nies should he reduced, with various other
military reforms.
DOUBTFUL STORY.
At a recent cabinet council held toconsiler
the question relating to the royal family, the
queen was asked to give her consent, to the
mariiage of the duke of Edinburg with a
Prussian princess; also, to the establishment of
a regency, with the prince of Wales as regent.
She refused to assent to either proposition.
Subsequently stoe refused to affix the royal sig
nature to the public documents which were pre
sented. The cabinet afterwards continued the
discussion on the question of the regency, and
a definite proposition was introduced to appoint
a chancellor to sign the documents in place of
the queen.
N|»311ll
FINANCIAL.
Madrid, Oct. 29. —In the cortes Friday a me
morial from the government was read, announ
cing that in the future the colonial budget will
be submitted to the cortes. It also stated that
the cost of the war in Culm during the past year
has been about $62,000,000, and that the colo
nial deficit for the year amounts to about sll,-
000,000. The government asks for a credit of
$20,000,000 for military purpoaes.
MILITARY MUTINY.
A conspiracy was discovered among the troops
at Barcelona and twenty men were arrested.
Italy.
PROTEST OF TIIE POPE.
Rome, Oet. 29.—An allocution of the pope is
published in which, while he recognizes the
bishops appointed b.v the Italian government as
possessing the requisite qualifications, he sol
emnly protests against the measure of the Holy
See. lie also condemns the course of Dr. Dol
lingcr and such as are following his example in
warring against the decisions of the ecumenical
council.
(■rriiiauy.
STRIKE IN SAXONY.
Frankfort, Oct. 29. —The operatives of
Chemnitz, a large manufacturing town of
Saxony, have struck work. They demand a re
duction of time to ten hours and increased pay
for work done over time. The operations of
twenty factories have been suspended in conse
quence of the movement.
From Washington.
THANKSGIVING.
Washington, D. C., Oct. 29.—The president
has issued the following:
liij the President of the United States.
A PROCLAMATION.
The process of the seasons has again enabled
the husbandman to garner the fruits of success
ful toil. Industry has been generally well re
warded. We are at peace with all nations, and
tranquility, with few exceptions, prevails at
home. Within the past year we have in the
main been free from ills w hich elsewhere have
affected our kind.
If some of us have had calamities there
should be an occasion for sympathy with the
sufferers; of resignation on their part to the
will of the Most High, and of rejoicing to the
many who have been more favored.
I therefore recommend that on Thursday, the
thirtieth day of November next, the people
meet in their respective places of worship, and
there make the usual acknowledgments to Al
mighty God for the blessings He has conferred
udoii them, for their merciful exemption from
evil, and invoke His protection and kindness
for their less fortunate brethren whom, in His
wisdom, He has deemed it best to chastise.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States to
be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this twenty
eighth day of October, in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and sev
enty-one, and of the independence of the
United States the ninety-sixth.
U. S. Grant.
By the President.
Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State.
FINANCIAL.
The following statement was issued yestcr
day!
Treasurer Spinner holds as security for
national hank circulation and dep05it5.5332,489,860
Total amount of mutilated note* burned
to date 65,265,224
Money issued for mutilated notes 55,090,890
Outstanding circulation at this date.... 324,526,052
Fractional currency redeemed and de
stroyed during the week 369,050
Internal revenue receipts for the week.. 9,073,893
Total for the liscal year to date 44,874,876
ALEXIS.
Under date of the oth of October the consul at
Funchal, Madeira, reports as then in port three
steamers of the Russian fleet, having on board
the Grand Duke Alexis, and that they ex pee ted
to sail for New York on the 9th of October.
GERMAN CONSULS.
The president has recognized the consuls of
the German empire, including Ilernrieh Gossler,
at Boston.
TIIE CABINET.
Attorney General Akerman has returned. All
the members of the cabinet will be here by Tues
day.
PROGRAMME FOR NOVEMBER.
The secretary of the treasury has authorized
the assistant treasurer at New York to purchase
one million of bonds each Wednesday in Novem
ber, or live millions in all, and sell one million
of coin op the first, third and fifth Thursdays,
and two millions each on the second and fourth
Thursdays, or seven Millions In all,
woman's voice,
At the regular reunion of the women's club of
this city, last night, the following preamble was
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, at every step of our labor for the pre
vention and pure of the social evil, we find legal, po
litical, judicial uud executive obstacles blocking our
wuy; therefore,
Resolved, that wo believe that the chief and
radical remedy for the social evil lies In the political
enfranchisement, ami thence the personal emanci
pation, of woman.
THE CASE OF THE HORNET.
The president and secretary of state decline to
submit the status of the Hornet to an admiralty
court on the ground that she carries the Ameri
can flag, with a proper clearance, and must be
piotected. Jt will be remembered that a Span
ish admiralty court condemned the yessel once
as a pirate.'
Stexican News.
liiiliillo CiapitulatON Parqu f*|*ro«
IIOIIIM'CM,” AH',
Matamoras, Oct. 25, via Havana, 29.—The
capitulation of Saltillo to Gen. Trevino is re
ported.
Hogliij, with 30,000 tpen, is inarching from San
Luis I'orosi to suppress the revolution,
Geti. Fa von has pronounced against Juaie* in
the llausteca country, an extensive section on
the border ofjfTamaulipas, San Luis Potosi, and
Neuva Leon.
Cortina is marching to attack Navaryo, near
Micr,
Later accounts from the federal forces ip
Saltillo state that much war material was sur
rendered to Gen. Trevino,
Escobedo will not attack the revolutionists
unless they enter Neuya Leon. He is organis
ing state troops,
Sporting Affairs.
FLEETWOOD FA UK,
New Youk, Oct. 29.—The long anticipated
match for SSOOO, on the Fleetwood park course,
mile heals, best three in five, to harness, will
take place on Monday, between the well known
horses Sea Foam and Judge Fullerton,
YACHTIVO.
Sandy Hook, Oct. 29.— IMieyachts name down
yesterday morning earlier than usual, the
Dreadnought some two miles in advance of the
Sappho. Alter arriving at the light ship they
stood in shore, came about and began making
sail, and jt was pyrjdfqt that they were to take a
flying start. The Sappho passed tfie fight ship
at 10.40.f10, the Dreadnaught at 11.40, and tfiey
soon passed out of sight, both seeming to hold
ffleir lortfler positions. Alter scanning the hor
izon for a long time, spectators were rewarded
by seeing u white spepk rjse from tbo waters,
and as it grew larger they knew it to he the
Happbo, Tfle wind increased and they came in
at a spanking rate. At fl.lt.flo the Sappho
turned the light ship, ami the Drcudnanght at
8.27.
The Russian legation at Berlin has been raised
to an embassy,
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 30, 1871.
Criminal Record!
AFFAIRS AT UTAH!
BRIGHAM YOUNG
Charged with Murder!
Hr Escapes from Salt Lake City!
HAWKINS FINED AND IMPRISONED!
A Terrible Catalogue of Crime
One of the "Twelve Apostles" Runs Away
women inki:atl:> o» m i:ns
THE MAYOR OF SALT LAKE CITY ARRESTED!
A ItHHIIEKED KODV FOUND
The Death Knell of Mormonism!!
Other Start lin;- Criminal New*!
THAT SICK MAN TRAVELING—PERHAPS FOR
HIS HEALTH.
Salt Lake City, Oct. 29.—1 tis stated in
official circles that Brigham Young left Tues
day evening for the south. Yesterday he was
said to be 120 miles south, and his course bends
still onward. Many think he intends to leave
the country, but! think he will find refuge in
St. George village, 800 miles from here and
about fifteen days from the court. It is certain
ly doubtful whether he will appear for trial, and
it is also doubtful whether he will ever be
seen again here until the trouble is over.
Delegate Hooper has gone to Washington to see
the president, and endeavor to effect some basis
for a compromise by which the United States
au'horities, judicial and executive, may be re
strained or removed.
The church is in the greatest ferment. Hoop
er in Washington, Cannon in Sail &Fr an cisco
and Brigham Young in the south—all slipping
off secretely and without the knowledge of the
people. Hooper hopes to accomplish every
thing with the president; the trials are to be
discontinued if lie succeeds, and this is promise
of reformation for future. Officials are on
the alert. Something mysterious is in the
wind. Order reigns in the Mormon quarter.
Mayor Wells is practical ly at the head of the
community.
MORE UTAH NEWS—DEATH-KNELL OF MOR
MON IHM— HAWKINS SENTENCED.
Salt Lake City, Oct. 29.— Chief Justice Mc-
Kean yesterday morning passed sentence upon
Thomas Hawkins, the polygamist, as follows.
“Thomas Hawkins: lam sorry for you, very
sorry. You may not think so now, hut I shall
try to make you think so by the mercy which I
shall show you. You came Iron. England to this
country with the wife of your youth. For many
years you were a kind husband and a kind
lather. At length, however, the evil spirit of
polygamy tempted and possessed you. Then hap
piness departed from your household, and now,
by the complaint of your faithful wife and the
verdict of a law-abiding jury, you stand at this
liar as a convicted criminal. The law gives me a
large discretionary power in passing sentence
upon you. 1 might both fine and imprison, orl
might fiuc or imprison you. 1 might imprison
you twenty years and fine you SIOOO. 1 cannot
imprison you for less than three years nor fine
you less than S3OOO. It is right that you should
he fined, among other teasons, to help defray
the expenses of enforcing the laws; but my ex
perience iu Utah has been such, that were 1 to
fine you, I am satisfied the fine would tic paid
out of other funds than yours, and thus
you would go free, absolutely free from all
punishment; and then those men who mislead
the people would make thousands of others be
lieve that God had sent the money to pay the
fine; that God had prevented the court from
sending you to prison; that, by a miracle, you
had been rescued from the authorities of the
United States. I must look to it that my judg
ment gives no aid and comfort to such men.
I must look to it that my judgment be not so
severe as to seem to tie vindictive, and not so
light as to seem to trifle with justice; that this
community begin to learn that God does not
interpose to rescue criminals from their crimes,
but that, on the contrary, He so orders the
affairs of His universe that sooner or later crime
stands face to face with justice and justice is the
master. I will say here and now that whenever
your good behavior and the public good shall
justify me in doing so, l will gladly recommend
that you be pardonad. The judgment of the
court is that you tie fined five hundred dollars,
and that you he imprisoned at haul labor for
the term of three years.”
Contrary to all expectations, there was little
or no excitement in the court room. The at
tendance was large, hut generally all maintained
a proper decorum. The U. S marshal and de
tectives were fully prepared for any emergency.
Notice of an appeal to the supreme court was
given by the prisoner’s counsel.
still another batch of criminal news
FROM UTAH—A BAD CONDITION OF AFFAIRS
GENERALLY.
Salt LakeGity, Oct. 29.—Daniel 11. Wells,
mayor of the city, liosea Stout, formerly attor
ney general of the territory, Wm. Belden of
Kimball’s hotel, and Parley Canon were ar
rested yesterday by United Stales Marshal
Patrick upon an indictment of the grand jury
charging them with murder. Tom Fitch made
application to admit them to bail, which appli
cation is to be heard Monday morning:. The
prisoners were placed in a carriage and taken
to Camp Douglas. Some slight excitement pre
vailed at the marshal’s office while the accused
were there waiting for conveyance to camp.
Some policemen said they should not go to
prison if they did not wish m, and one op two
women called out to the officers to take them if
they dared, and they w mid fight them with a
vengeance. The officers, however, were firm,
and nothing serious happened. The alleged
crime consists in the killing of Richard Yates
and ft mail named Ducky several years A
warrant was out tqi’ Dip urjcsf qf tjrsqn l|yqe,
one of flic Twelve A Pities,'’ upon the stftnc
charge, but he eluded the deputies who were
sent to arrest him. He was pursued to the
southern part of the territory.
Warrants arc out lor the arrest of Brigham
Young and his son Joseph A. Young on a charge
of murder, ft having peered the h|llffig of
Diehard Yates. The indictments on all these
murder cases are understood tq be founded upon
the testimony of Dill Hickman, who was once
what is termed by the Gentiles a Qunite, or
secret agent of the Mormon authorities. Yates
visited the Mormon camp during the rebellion
ostensibly to sell powder. The Mormons re
garded him as a spy, and some \yeeks afterwards
arrested him and plaped him in ttyo eiistody qf
Hickman to be taken to SSalt Lake city. IL
Wells then commanded the Mormon troops and
Ilosea Stout was the judge advocate. On the
way to Salt Lake he killed Yates. As Hickman
says;—“My orders were from Brigham Young
and Joseph A. Young, and at the Instigation of
I). Wei sand Stout.” liickman is also confined
at Camp Douglas. IJc went with the officers tq
Echo Canon, and, after pointing put where lie
had buried Yates, assisted tlieffi in (|isiqrcrii|g
his remains.
A man named Bcnnctwns found murdered on
the state road, eight miles from the city, yester
day morning, with four bullets in his body.
Salt I. vu l Cl tv, t|ct f
pie, principally Mormon.-. vjbitefl Damp libug
las, to-day, to seo Mayor \>olls ami the other pris
oners. Gen. Morrow gave the visitors unre
stricted access to their friends. The arrested par
ties are guarded in a comfortable cottage and
seem quite cheerful. Guards inarch outside.
Fb}erPW°H this moi'fllHg irnoiSaM
Francisco, arjd preachc<} this aj'teriiqqp }q tfic
tabernacle to an amllcnce numbering at least
10,000. He counselled his hearers to abstain from
anv act of violence and submit to law. God
would protect them and deliver them froip their
persecutors) the prusadp ugutust them would
oply strengthen and glorify them.
FJder Pratt was not so conservative and did
not want any judge to say to him, as to Haw
kins; “l am sorrv for you.” Up wanted nq
sympathy from aity. tPcjeral official. lie was
ready to go to jail twenty years, but did not
want any pity from such source. He predicted
that God would totally overthrow and annihi
late the present prosecutors of the Mormon
people,
Nothing is heard from Orson Hyde. )t is
thought that he has gone to Arizona or Me.^icq,
A row, lato last Right, between a Morion
and an United States deputy marshal, resulted
in the marshal knocking the Mormon down and
arresting him. It was reported that an attempt
was made to assassinate the deputy, and for a
time there was great exilement.
The late arrests have oreatorl a marked de
pression in the Mormon community.
riot and bloodshed.
St. Louis, Oct. *29. The Republican has an
account of the riotous proceedings of a gang of
desperqd last Friday, at Gibson, the terminus
Qf the Missouri, Kansas and Te*a* ruilrqad, fit
the Indian territory. The rioters were led by
the notorious villains, Limber Jack, pony Bill
and “Keno Bill.” Haying got desperately
drunk they rode through the town firing revolv?
ers at random, They wounded several persons
and intimidated tfic people to such an extent
that tite stores were closed and business was
suspended. They finally attempted to destroy
the property aud store of Kc.ves A Brothers,
when they were met by a posse of the citizens,
who ordered them to desist. The rioters rtflus*
ing, they were fired upon by the people. “Lim
ber Jack” was wounded in the face and lungs,
and one of thecitiz ms was injured in the abdo
men. “Kcno Bill” surrendered, and the rest of
the gang fled. The inhabitants determined to
hang “Keno Bill,” but finally yielded to better
counsel and sent him out of town, threatening
to kill him if he ever returned. The nextda\
United States mat shut Johnson, of Fort Smith,
Arkansas, pursued “Keno Bill,” captured him
at Fort Scott, and took him and “Limber Jack’’
to Van Buren, Ark., where they were turned
over to the authorities.!
THE OUTRAGE AT LOB ANGELES.
San Francisco, Oet. 29.—Los Angeles ad
vices say that the police acted disgracefully iu
aiding and abetting the rioters in the recent dis
turbance. One of the rioters was arrested for
stealing a diamond ring from the linger of a
Chinese doctor who had been hanged. Another,
a German, was arrested for robbing the trunk of
one of the victims. The citizens are forming a
military company to prevent a repetition of such
scenes.
THE LOB ANGELES TROUBLE.
San Francisco, Oet. 29.—Eight more of the
Ixis Angeles rioters have been arrested. The
better portion of the community are determined
to enforce the law ami punish the rioters.
Later. —The coroner’s jury at Los Angeles
found a verdict against a large number of per
sons of all nationalities participating m the riot
and murder of the Chinese, and against a num
ber of others for expressing sympathy ami en
couraging them.
EXECUTIONS IN NORTH CAROLINA.
New York, Oct. 29.—William B. Darker was
executed at Greensboro, N. Friday, for the
murder of a negro hist November.
Alfred Mnckay, a negro, was hung at Whites
ville, N. C., Friday, for the murder of John Stall
ed, last July.
MURDER IN WYOMING.
Laramie City, Oct. 29.—Private B.v an wil
fully shot Sergeant Wilson, of Major Burt’s
company, yesterday morning, killing him in
stantly. The murderer was arrested.
KUKLUX.
Dkmopolib, Ala., Oct. 29.—The sub-kuklux
committee adjourned last evening, alter sitting
six days and examining thirty six persons,
mostly in ielation to affairs in this and adjoin
ing counties. Gen. Crawford, com maud ing the
United States forces in Alabama, occupied one
day; he testified concerning the condition of the
whole state, and gave special accounts from
about thirty different places. The committee
will go to Kingston, Ala., where they will stay
about one week.
MURDER AND ARREST.
New Orleans, Oct. 29.—Solomon Ellenstein
was shot and instantly killed yesterday at Tigcr
villc, Terrebourc parish, by Win. Vorhis, a des
perado. The murderer was arrested.
Our New York Dispatches.
Anollin- ;4'lni|)i« i' in the Continued Story
of the Tiimniuny Thieve* The Ho**
feel* a* Though the Climate of New
Orleuu* Would Agree with Him-The
ITlurderer of .Hi** Rowl*by found <*uil(y
and Neuteueed Other Miiniluy
pnlelie*.
New York, Oet. 29.— Charles O’Conor states
that it can be clearly shown that Tweed and as
sociates fraudulently obtained*Trom the Broad
way bank, without any color or right, some five
millions of dollars, and recovery can be ob
tained against. Tweed unless interfered with by
corrupt legislation within ninety days. Wood
ward was the corrupt agent through whom
Tweed worked. An opportunity will be shortly
given to show how the warrants were obtained
from Connolly’s office. O’Conor does not be
lieve that Mayor Hall cither had a dollar or
knew what was going on, hut h.• blames the
mayor for standing by the others and chival
ously acting as a shield after the facts were
known. The burden of the proof lies against
Tweed, and the enginery of the law is directed
against him. If Ingersolj does not leave he will be
arrested and he will probably lose all his prop
erty. O’Conor’s efforts will he to protect what
is left and prevent a recurrence of robberies.
He says that Tweed hopes to get into the legis
lature again, t«> have more corrupt bills passed,
to go back to his office in the board of public
works, and carry on his former corrupt transac
tions. This, O’Conor says, must be prevented.
Tweed shall haveall the investigation he wants.
A levy has been made oil the straw goods fac
tory of Vandonhoff Beatty for $75,000, the in
terest in that, firm owned by E. A. Wooilward,
upon the suit of Jackson S. Schultz in behalf of
the citizens' committee for the city.
Woodward and Garvey cannot tie found, and
there is no doubt they have lied. Both Tweed
and Ingersoll will have twenty days in which to
prepare an answer to the complaints. A copy
of the bail bond will be served upon the attorney
general. The code provides that, should he be
dissatisfied with the sureties, he shall within ten
days serve upon the defendant a notice of excep
tion, and within ten days after the service of this
notice the defendant's attorney shall give notice
that the sureties shall justify at a time to be
specified, which shall not be less than five nor
more than ten days from the date thereof. This
will involve the examination of the sureties ns
to the nature and value of their property before
a judge of the supreme court, who shall he sat
isfied that they are worth double the amount of
the bail over and above all their debts and prop
erty exempt by law from execution, in the
meantime and until such justification, if the
sureties arc excepted to, the sheriff is liable for
the safe-keeping of the prisoners.
Tweed, in an interview yesterday, said he
wanted to go to New Orleans, but, had lie done
so, there would have been a huo and cry alter
him; so he staid at home. He will not leave
the city until the thing is tried, except to go to
Albany as senator; this thing would not impair
his chances of election.
Deputy Controller Greenyesterday paid to the
department of public instruction an additional
hundred thousand for salaries, and removed u
number of sinecure officeholders from »hc courts.
Judge Ledwith has written a letter accepting
the nomination Qf the regular democracy and
the democratic union organization for the su
preme court judgeship. He states that his sen
timents regarding municipal reform are un
changed. The letter makes no allusion to his
nomination by Tammany.
Horatio Seymour fins telegraphed to ehoeom
mllfpe Qf seventy tiiai he is willing to accept
the nomination .for the assembly declined by
Charles O'Conor, and tlml he will present him
self before the people of the nineteenth assem
bly district us a candidate against To.u Fields.
The committee of seventy have accented the
proposition.
The number of applications for citizenship
this year has been much lighter than that of any
previous year. This may be accounted for by
the fact that there have been no party natu
ralization committees established lor tip: purpose
of getting voters from our unnaturalize foreign
population and issuing the papers gratis. All
naturalizing this year has been done
by the regular bureau and the usual fees charged
in the common pleas court. The whole number
of persons naturalized during tfic past week due*
QQt lu’Qbabiy exceed six hundred, if it reaches
that number, and two-thirds of these aie young
men who eaipe to the country before they were
eighteen years of age. Jn Hie superior court the
average fias been yery light also, being some
where between twenty and thirty a day. Over
in Brooklyn there has been more activity in the
naturalization market, and the mill has ground
out a considerable quantity.
fhc committee qr seventy have endorsed the
following nominations for county and city offi
cers: Justice of the supreme court, George!'.
Barrett; justices of the superior court, Win. E.
Curtis and John Sedgwick; judge of cqffiiqoq
pleas,Charles l*. ILtlv;.judge (J manne court,
jftpalqing; register, Franz Sigcl; al
dermen, John Wheeler, Samuel B II llanco,
Eugene Kelley, William Rodde, Alexander
Wilder, Isaac Bcrnheimer, John Folev, George
W. Vartan, John Falconer, Solomon
Gustavus W. Faber, George Burkfiftfdt, Deter
Gilsey uiulQscar goHicotfor,
AH the testimony in the case of Itosonzwcig
was in on Friday and yesterday was set apart
lor the arguments of counsel. Upon the opening
of the court Mr. Howe began his argument tor
the prisqqcr [\y saying that the jury would have
pj make an almost superhuman effort to disabuse
their minds of the prejudice which they un
doubtedly had, though tliev were interrogated
on that point and hopestjy Ifiefipved they lmd
not. They remember they were here to
administer strict justice. But the more horrible
the circumstances the more careful must they
Ik* to be sure, If they convicted, they did -;o\s Ith,
out any doubt remaining |q limit' mind. The
district attorney's firgutnept was powerful aud
of great influence with them, but lie had failed
to establish his facts. He had failed to show
that the man he denounced as a flood, a.- a mon
ster—a man wfio turn* out to be a physician
With Whom Dr. Yyillard Barker associated, a
man qf honesty and integrity—was guilty.
The counsel then dissected the testimony of
the prosecution at length, tpid \\Ult great par
ticularlty, fiqlfliqg that It had utterly failed to
mane out its case. In demonstrating this point
he said: A handkerchief was found. Let him in
voke probabilities. II this man hu<| committed
the crime imputed tQ him he yertatuly would not
have retained IUo evidences of bis guilt. He
woifid qot have put the sash in a bureau drawer,
nor have placed the haudkerchief in the wash to
meet a servant’s eye. A hundred people might
have carried dais handkerchief. Was there one
article of Alice Augusta B<»wlsby’s dress found—
hat, shoes, jewelry—in the house. Not one
article. Jewelry was found, Uit could have
beeu shown to have been Miss Biwlsby’s how
quickly they would have produced it, or the
faintest shadow of proof.
District Attorney Garvin, in summing up,
c-allcd the attention of the iurv to the impor
tance of the ease and the duty resting on them.
It was not his duty to go beyond the evidence,
bid it waa his sworn duty to submit to thorn
such views as tho evidence suggested. The
prisoner, ibr his respeoublo business Is l)r. U-is
euxweig; for this business ho is Dr, A seller.
Tllfl victim 1 mother saw her leave Newark;
saw her dress; saw what her daughter wore.
Her appearance then she will ever remember;
it was the last time she saw tier. The counsel
talked of her not coming to New York. There
was a poor widow woman, without money,
waiting anxiously for her daughter. Shelias
left, on the 23d. At last a body is found. The
tears the mother has shed are not known. Why
should she come, now that it is useless? Is any
other body shown that comes near this body?
Any other person with the scar on the check,
the mole, the mark on the arm, the broken and
filled teeth Is any one missing who at all comes
near this? And yet, as a last desperate chance,
prisoner’s counsel claims that there is no proof
identity. If it isn’t she. who is it? The fact is
she left Newark alive, and was found dead, and
that is all. He would like to see any juryman
go our in the park and say he did not believe in
the identity. The district attorney then re
viewed the evidence submitted, and argued that
the proof against the accused was conclusive,
and that it was the duty of the Jury to return a
verdict against him.
District Attorney Garvin closed his argument
at half past one o’clock, when Mr. Howe made
several requests to charge. In charging the jury
the recorder read the statute under which the
indictment is laid, recited the*evidence ottered,
and warned the jury against giving way to
sympathy or prejudice.
The prisoner looked haggard and anxious.
Recorder lloekett charged the jury as follows:
“The case is a sensational one, as far as this
community is concerned, but with that you have
nothing to do. The crime of which he is ac
cused oas been practised from the formation of
the world, and will continue to be practised as
long as human nature remains as it is. It can
only be restrained by potent legislative penal
ties and the vindication of the law. The poor
girl’s story is shortly told. Trusting, betrayed,
she and her seducer sleep the sleep that knows
no waking. You duty is to calmly weigh the
testimony, and render a verdict according to
your oaths.” The jury then retired, and return
ed after any hour and a half with a verdict of
manslaughter in the second degree, recommend
ing the prisoner to the mercy of the court. In
answer to the question as to what he had to say
why judgment should not he pronounced against
him, liosenzweig said: “Your honor, I am not
guilty.” The recorder then pronounced sentence
as follows: “Rosenzwelg, no person living knows
better than you that on the Wednesday the op
eration was performed with a steel instrument;
on Thursday the victim was better, and on Sat
urday, when she got up againstyour advice, she
got ill and died. I shall not, as in ordinary cases,
regard the recommendation of the jury, and 1
sentence you to seven yea is in the state prison,
with hard labor.” The audience loudly ap
plauded. The prisoner received the sentence
with a stolid look, and very coolly to all appear
ance, and walked hack to the pen at the rear.
John Marsh ing and Sigismund Marsh ing, of
No. 10 East Eighty*sixth street, were brought
before Commissioner Shields on Friday,charged
with having, while insolvent, disposed ot SIOO,-
000 worth of their assets with the intent of pre
venting their creditors from receiving any bene
fit from them, and were each held in default o
$20,000 bail.
John McQuliao, who lias been confined
eight months in Ludlow street jail on an execu
tion against his body as a judgment debtor, was
brought before Judge Barnard yesterday on ha
beas corpus, and his release from jail sought on
the ground that he is now suffering from ill*
health, and that the jail is an improper place in
which to keep him in confinement. Judge Bar
nard said that he would not permit men to re
main in confinement in Ludlow street jail, when
it could he shown that there were not good
grounds for their detention, or that their con
finement entailed unnecessary privations. The
case of McQubae was adjourned to procure tes
timony
Assistant United States District Attorney
Emerson has begun two suits against the noto
rious Harry Hill, in the United States district
court, for the recovery ol S6OO, Hill having, it is
alleged, permitted whiskey barrels to be removed
from his store upon which were uncancelled
stamps.
C«>i. Whitely’s detectives have arrested one
Raphael J. Morales Montenegro, a native of Cen
tral America, at the corner of Eighth street and
Broadway, with dies fur SlO gold pieces in his
possession, and brought him before commissioner
Shields, who committed him iu default of $25,-
000. F. Valdersoiriles, an accomplice of Monte
negro, was brought before Commissioner Shields
on a charge of counterfeiting, and held in de
fault of the same bail, $25,000.
The wholesale markets during the past week
have been more active, and prices have ad
vanced. Flour was dull in the beginning ofthe
week, but has since been in good demand and
higher, the market closing heavy. Grain has
been far more active than last week, at improved
prices. The market at the close was irregular.
Corn Inis been active and fluctuating, closing
quiet. Pork has been only moderately active at
lower rates, but was firmer at the close. Sugars
have been dull and nominal in price. Cotton
has been dull and lower.
AH debtors confined in the Ludlow street jail
will have a hearing before Judge Barnard to
morrow.
Besides the suits in the Westfield ease, there
is no end to the civil suits already commenced.
These number over onejlmndred, and damages
arualald all the way from SIOOO to $50,000. Not
less than a hundred and fifty more suits might
be commenced. If damages are recovered in
these subs not much will be left of the compa
ny, whose capital would not suffice to pay a
tithe of the claims made against them.
The Russian fleet is not .now expected until
about November 9th.
New England Dispatches.
The Itccciu Aivfut Tragedy Near I.ong
wooil, elr.
MASSACHUSETTS,
Boston, Oct. 29.— There are no new develop
ments concerning tho perpetration of the late
murder on Western avenue. Of all who were
arrested, only one, Hayes, is yet held, and all
points, save one, that pointed to him as the
guiby party, have been cleared up and himself
exonerated. It seems clear that the assault on
the girl was begun in the road, and that after
she had been struck and rendered senseless, the
miscreant, whoever he was, dragged her under
the fence to the spot where she was found. In
this effort it is not regarded ns reasonable that the
party could have avoided getting blood on his
clothing. Some of llayey garments have been
found with spots upon them, which spots are
being subjected to a close analysis. If they do
not prove to lie blood stains, and thefhair found
in the hand of the deceased does not prove tq
have come from bis head, ho will lie discharged.
While the police have Uot forgotten to investi
gate far more closely than lias publicly appear
ed, every trivial circumstance! connected with
suspected parties living in the neighborhood of
tin; murder, they have not been unmindful qf
others which lias led them to pursue their rc-.
searches at a distance,
SpuiNquiEi D, (Jet. 29.—1 tis now reported
that the recent bank robbery at Great Harring
ton amounted to $125,000.
Providence, Got. 29—Justen J. Pipcr.su
perintc&dent of the Merchants mill, Fall River,
was killed Saturday by a fall from an upper
story while getting out machinery.
Ffttal Accidents,
EXPLOSION.
Youngstown, 0., Oct. 29.—A stack ut the
iron furnace of Andrews Brothers, near ihjsc-it.v,
exploded yesterday morning, doing great dam
ape to the surrounding buildings. Nine men
voiu seriously injured. Two have since died.
Loss $70,000. A similar accident was rarely, ii'
ever, known before.
LADY DROWNED,
Fort Huron, Mich., Get. 29 —The propeller
Dean Richmond was burned on Mud Lake
Thursday morning, while lying at anchor. The
fire originated in the paotrv, and before any*
thing could be done to save the vessel she was in
flames. The crew saved tbemsplvc* by taking
to small boats, but jmey Horn, a chambermaid,
was drowip'd,. Tim Dean Biehniond was from
Duluth, with a cargo of 32.0(H) bushels of wheat,
and was owned by the U. S. company, The
vessel is a total loss,
Railroad Matters.
ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND SANTA FE.
Topeka, Kansas, Oct. 28 —The Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe railroad company have let
the contract for building an extension to Fort
Learned, 115 miles from Newton, to be com
pleted May Ist,
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO.
Louisville, Oct. 28.— The Chesapeake and
Ohio railroad have a contract to buy out the
Louisville, Cincinnati and Lexingtou railroad.
I Min ial ttf ThttiiiUtt lCwing.
Lancaster, Oct. 29.—The funeral of
Thomas Fwing took place from St. Mary’s,
Roman Catholic, church, yesterday. The pall
bearers were: Governor Hayes of Ohio, llenry
Stun berg, Senator A. G. Tlmrman, Senator
John Sherman, John Welsh, John H. James
George Rcber, A, B. Walker. H. B. Curtis!
Marshal Anderson and C B. Goddard, all prom
inent men of the state. Archbishop Purcell de
livered a eulogy from the pulpit. The imme
diate family of Mr. Kwing were: Judge P. B.
Ewing, General Hugh, Thomas and Charles
Lwir.g, sons of the deceased; Gen. Sherman
and Col. Steele, married to (laughters of Mr.
Ewing, and their respective families.
The Weather.
Washington. Oct. 29.—Brisk southerly
winds are probable for to night on Lake Michi
gan, and easterly winds 011 Lake Superior, fol
lowed by northerly winds 011 Monday. South
easterly win*ls with threatening weather will
continue on the gulf coast, and northeasterly
winds, with increasing cloudiness, in the south
Atlantic states. The barometer will probably
rise in New England, with northerly wind* and
clear weather,
PRICE l CENTS.
Chicago Dispatches.
bubori’rit U anted —A Pa' of lliimiliiitioii,
l<'ufttiiitf ami I'myi r ICulrs of lu»ur
unit', etc.
Chicago, Oct. 29.—The Tribune editorially
announces that 500 to 600 additional brick and
stone masons can find employment in Chicago
through the winter at from $4 to $5 a day; and
that 2000 carpenters can find employment
through the same source at high wages. Iu
March there will be work for twice this number
in both trades, also workers in wood and iron,
plumbers, gas-fitters, and all kind of metal
workers. Thousands of laborers who arc now
starving in New York and other cities can find
work at good wages with comfortable homes for
themselves and their families on farms within a
hundred miles of Chicago.
In accordance with the proclamation of Mayor
Mason, to-day was observed as a day of humilia
tion, lasting and prayer.
The Chicago underwriters held a meeting Fri
day evening, and unanimously agreed upon the
foil on ing schedule rates of insurance: On ele
vators, five per cent.; on buildings, four per
cent, and two and a half per cent, on the con
tents; on brick packing houses, two ami a half
percent., and the same rate on the contents.
The rate on frame packing houses is not stated.
On lumber yards two and a half per cent.; on
brick dwellings, three and a quarter per cent.,
and the same rate on the contents; on frame,
commercial risks when built according to speci
fications, three and a half per cent., the same
rate on the contents.
A. C.&O. E. Badger claim that they have not
suspended, but are transacting business the same
as before the fire.
Kemill* of flu- the 4'liicajgo Fire.
PROPOSED ISSUE OF BONDS.
Friday, a resolution was offered and referred to
the finance committee, requesting the governor
to recommend to the legislature the granting of
authority to Cook county to issue 51,000,000 iu
bonds, to draw not over seven per cent interest
and running twenty years, to apply toward
meeting the bonds and orders now outstanding
and approaching maturity, the interest on the
same to lie applied to rebuilding the public
buildings and to meet the deficiencies iu the re
ceipts for the next two years.
REPUBLIC INSURANCE COMPANY.
The action, on application to the state auditor,
to dissolve the Republic insurance company and
appoint a receiver, was postponed by the circuit
court.it having been stated that the company
had taken action looking to the collection of un
paid stock and notes.
BANKRUPT INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Cincinnati, 0., Get. 29.—The state auditor
yesterday filed hills in the circuit court, looking
to the dissolution of the Knickerbocker, Equit
able, Garden City and Commercial insurance
companies, these companies being bankrupt.
The aggregate assets of the Knickerbocker, in
cluding capital stock not paid up, arc $870,000,
and their losses $750,000. The Equitable assets,
including capital slock not paid up, are $330,-
000, and losses $3,000,000. The Garden City as
sets, not including capital stock, arc less than
SBOO,OOO, and their losses $2,000,000. The Com
mercial has risks of $15,000,000, with assets, ex
ssoo 000° f UU( I unpaid, of
INSURAXCE ASSESS.)!ENTS.
San Francisco, Oet. 29.—The stockholders of
the Pacific and other San Francisco insurance
companies, excepting the People’s, cheerfully
assent to an assessment to meet liabilities and
continue business. The Firemen’s fund insur
ance levied fifty per cent, and the Occidental will
levy the same amount.
tlthri viutnl
The l.ivoniii is to be matched with tho Sap
plio again.
Charles O’Conor declines the assembly nomi
nation.
Judge Ledwith will accept the Tammany
nomination for the supreme court.
flic strike at Ghent is spreading among all
classes of workmen.
Austria submits to the proposals respecting
the internationals for the consideration of the
government at Berlin.
Lippineott lias advanced sheets, and will pub
lish simultaneously with the English edition,
Forster’s forthcoming “Life of Dickens.”
The conclave ol cardinals, as to what consid
eration the college should take in the event of
the pope’s death, will shortly Ik.- held in France.
The London Mansion house fund tor Chica
go amounts to £42,250, Belfast subscription to
£SOOO, and liberal contributions liave been re
ceived from towns in Ulster.
A lady on alighting from a stage on Fifth
avenue, New York, Friday afternoon, was
knocked down by a political target company
her Jewelry torn from lier and her person horri
bly maltreated.
The shipments of California wheat abroad
tins season aggregate 470,000 centals. The
available surplus now in the state is estimated
at 60,000 tons,
Edward Hortol, portrait painter, committed
sumde at San Francisco, yesterday, by shoot
ing.
The Vatican circles continue to give out that
the pope will shortly leave Rome, unless the
Due d Hareourt is favorably instructed by his
government. There is no possibility of such in
structions.
Captain Rogers and the second mate of the
schooner Florence, from Charleston for New
York, died of yellow fever, and the vessel put
into quarantine, ut Fortress Monroe, on Sat
urday.
General Sheridan telegraphs to the war de
partment from Chicugu that the Northern Paci
fic exploring expedition has been heard from on
its return, one day out from Fort Race. No
trouble was experienced with the Indians, and
a good route was found intersecting the Yellow
stone, near the mouth of Powder river.
A meeting of the members of the bar was
held in Washington Saturday morning, at
which SaUeUor*General Bristow presided. On
taking tho chair bo made a feeling address, iu
which ho alluded briefly to the points in Hie life
and career of deceased. Resolutions of respect
and condolence were then passed, and the meet
ing adjourned.
Ihe French army has been reorganized into
nine corps, onyh corps containing three divisions,
each division two brigades, and each brigade
two regiments of 3000 men each, in addition to
cavalry and artillery, and 45,000 men extra for
Algiers.
A petition has been sent to the president from
citizen* of Arizona, to allow Gen. Crook to pur
snu Hie Apache campaign interrupted by the
peace commissioners, which embodies a list of
Indian robberies and murders, tilling three col-
of the largest paper on the Pacific coast.
Secretary Bout well entered Steinway hull,
New York, on Friday evening, be was served
with a writ of the supremo court at the suit of
H. O. Galvin, who seeks ro recover $2,000,000 for
alleged losses under Boutwell’s financial policy.
Articles of consolidation between the Chicago
and Canada Soul hern railroad company and
the Southeastern Michigan railroad company
were filed on Friday, The road will be called
the Chicago and Canadian Southern railway.
■A London dispatch states that the members of
the municipal government of that city have
been invited to a grand banquet to be given in
ilieir honor in Paris by the municipality of
;l,is It lias not yet been decided whether the
invitation \yili ho accepted.
pliscclkmcous.
PATENT OF KICK BUSINESS-Amerl
can ana Foreign PuteatH procured. Re letted Ap
Plications re.avgued; Inleri.renco Cases Prosecuted;
Opinions Riven aa to tke validity and infringement of
Patents aud Suits prosscuted and defended in theU.B.
Courts, bj
THOU. II DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman ortths
Board of Appeals. U. 8. Patent ofllee.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodgegs
Block, euruor Park, and Portland sts. Worcester. Mass.
U'2-i d&wtf
Q LI V Kit’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STREET OLD NO. 270
my'24 dtf
f DISSOLUTION of COPARTNERSHIP.
iK..lfr? ir E£ I S«2& re ex slin «'“ler Hie name
REN ERE Si 11ENV El 1, Is this duv ilLholvcil l»y inulun
consent. N. L. REVERE.
S. A. H ENVE IT.
I shall continue the business of General Johbinjr. Re
pairing Scwin;,' Machines. Ac hcrctuiore conducted hy
Revere Jc He welt, at No. W .Southbridge sr.
1T N. L. REVERE.
Worcester. Oct. 2.1, IW7I. dtf 0.*5
JJRESS AND CLOAK MAXING.
MRS. A. C. 1C ITS IS
would respectfully inform tlic ladles of Worce-ler and
vicinity, that she will open rooms for Dress and Cloak
Making, at 424 Main st., cor. Pleasant, on Monday, Oct
9, Room No. 4. «i ll n* o 4
JY bn da LI. X BANISTER,
Auctioneers Commission Merchants,
Will give their personal attention to S;tlcs«liy Auction of
Real Estate uinl Personal Property of every description,
in City or State. Consignments of New ami Secono
liand Furniture. Drv Gimhls, Groceries. Crockery, nml
other Personal Property, solicited for our regular sales,
or fur special Sides, at our large and commodious Sales
Room.
PRENTISS BLOCK, FRONT NT.,
opposite ‘Trumbull st., Worcester. Drv and Fancy
Goods, Cutlery, Silver Plat.nl Ware, Clocks, Watches
Jewelry, and a large variety of Merchandise at private
sale, at low prices. Fair and honorable treatment to all
—our motto. Horace KENDALL,
L. W. BANISTER.
Worcester, October 20,1870. dim 025
ESTABLISHED IN 1835.-P. YOUNG.
A-s Dealer in Fancy Goods, Toys, ami Uselul Articles
Umbrellas and Paiosots Repaired, l'iuking in a num
ber of styles, stamping for Embroidery.
Agency of the Fiencli Dve House, ol Boston. Goods
sem to the Dye House, on Kridavs.
P ease observe the sign of “The Variety Store," No. j jt>
Ma n street, ueirly opposite h. m yuiusigauiund
te2i deoptf
All VfcltllSlAG RATES.
lif Daily Spy—'For the “Square* often Unci soil
agate type, 1 time 7 ft cti.; each subsequent Insertion (1
eta.; 1 week $2 7'; 2 weeks s4.flfl; 1 month fii <i>; 1 ear
smi— and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two bnes for one week $1.00; three line $1.25;
four lines $1.37; five lines $l5O. Local notice*2ftcent*
per lino for each Insertion. Business notice* Ift cents per
line. Obituary notices,resolutions, Ac., l.'> cents per line
Legaladvertisements si.oo per square for first inset
Won; each subsequent Insertion SO cent*,
Special positions; in tlie paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
sad double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly SfY—First insertion fl.fto per square*
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months s7.ii(i; one
years2ft.lK).
JT WILL RESTORE THE COLOR TO
OR AY OR FADED HAIR!
W A U li K N s
NOT POISON (US
llair Restorer
Secured Iu l!nlt«d stale, I‘atcnl office. Sepl. 19,1971.
No acDiBUT. ruAR iv Atcß Axl) As
I’IRK. It
contain, nil 111 AUM-lor «„rtl»! ..i|....|uently It will
not tlurn tnc Ilul. nr in;ikc It dry andwuy. s.. muim
of Silver, Sugar of Lead, Lac Miiphui. ,yc. It win
RESTORE THE <01.01:
to Gray or Faded Hair. It will PREVENT th. Hi u .,ni
falling oil. It will tend to
MAKE THE llAllt GROW.
UUMIFACTUREU BT
IBM IN A. HAItUIV
Apollincary,
I X If A V STATE 1101 »E, MOI{( ESTIR
To whom all orders should lie addressed.
030 dtt
/urniturc.
H N I) CII LL A K
HAS KIMOV 111 TO
Til LOIFS Ml VMi l: ICI 11.D1M.,
Main St.,
OPPOSITE OLD SOUTH CHURCH,
wher j lu has on hand sis flue and complete a Stock of
FURNITURE,
as can he found in Boston or New York, nu.l is prepared
lo sell at prices that will defy competition.
W would Invite the citizen. of Wnrce.-.tcr and vicinity
t- 1 call and examine our

PARLOR,
DINING ROOM, AND
CHAMBER FURNITURE.
Weliavi* a vi ry full line of CHAMBER SUITES, in
I‘:iinl«-il. Ash, an l Blavk Walnut, of unique ilc-sien and
hiqiorior Workmanship.
11l our Stocki.l DIMM; ROOM FI RS ITURK muv
lie louiul some very elultorate Siilelmmis, I'lllaml anl
common Extension Tables, and a larye assortment of
Chums, either Cano Scat or Upholstered to order.
PARLOR SUITES!
in every style of Covering, fYom lIAIR CLO I'll to the
finest SILK AND SATIN.
We have on hand, ami are constant I v receiving, a
splendid lot of l-ll'.i: AND MANTEL CLASSES
A full amt well selected stock of
UPHOLSTERY GOODS,
from which can he selected Plushes, Broadcloths, Broca*
lellcs. Cot eh lies, ,Vc., ,Ve.
Lace Curtains,
a large variety, of Swiss and Nottingham make.
Particular attention paid to Furnishing First Class
Houses.
('Ffholsterv Department under Hu- direction ot Mr. A.
Remember the place.
Taylor’s Granite liiiihlingr,
OPPOSITE 01.0 SOUTH <HUJC<II.
JOHN D. CHOLLAR.
_ uu>4 dtt
HAS. V PC T N A M
No. 14a Main St.,
hits constantly on haml nnd for ..do:
B. Walnut Chamber Sets, with Marbles.
Parlor Suites.
Chestnut Extension Tables
Marble-Top Centre Tables.
Also, a very Atll assortment of Painted and drained
Furniture—cheap as the cheapest. Aareal variety of
CHILD ic KRPN «'A IE 1C I A ii I'.S.
tmi a toll stock of Stone China, ami Crockery of James
Edwards and other celebrated manufacturers.
Also, a lull assort incut of (ientlenieii's Furoidiing
floods; locks. Jewelry, ami other fancy articles.
CHARLES V. PUTNAM.
mli.'S .1,,
UN B Y A. Ko\VM AN
n-lIOI.MT.IMJt.
PARLOR SUITES
of all stylos, and all kinds of Upholstery W*nk made to
order.
grtr 'Repairing done at short not lee.
1-1/ Carpets cut, made and put down.
SPONGE! SPONGE! SPONGE!
Cheaper and more durable Hum Hair or Feathers, for
Mat trasses, Pillows or Cu.-hions.
IT. A.. BOWMAN,
lO Fouler Mt o|*|i. ISonlou Depot.
o 3 dti
WM. BUOWN,
rUAtTR’AL
UPHOLSTERER,
Uooms Centrul Exchange, llnln *t.
lyl dtf
Ihtrbtoart, Slobts, fa.
JJSIABHS HJiU INI sTs
W. in. WHEELER,
(Successor to Win, A. Wheeler,) manufacturer of
aiui-hiue, l&nilcoatl. Iron, lli-umm, un«l 4 inw
position
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROF HAMMERS
Aqueduct, Has and Steam Pipe. Wire Machinery and
Auncalcrs, Water Wheels. Elevators, Clay Grinders,
Corn and Plaster Crackers, Hydrant-’, Stop
Cocks, Wiwdo Weights. Ac.
Shafting, Mill Work ana Hearing, Forging, Pattern
Work aud Machine Jobbing done to order.
THOMAS STREET.
mil dtf Worcester. Mass.
J R O N S EL, ts.
The subscribers have constantly on hand a very
assortment of IUUK A,\D UTEEL of all destrip
tious. Also,
ANVILS, CHAINS,
VISES, NUTS,
BELLOWS. WASHERS.
PORTABLE FORGES, nORSE SHOES,
HAMMERS, HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES, RASPS,
SPRINGS. TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES.
BEACH SAND, At., Ac.
which will be sold at the lowest prices, at the oldstanp
WAMUDIUTON gQI.VHK.
_ PRATT INNMAN
Worcester. April I.lBW*. deoptf «ol
PUKN A O K
OUNKLEE’I PATENT KI PEKIOK
60LDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OB AS PORTABLE,
T
A. RUSSELL A C 0
MO 40UTIIUKIDQK IT. t WOBCKSTEK
Sole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Fleu. c.ll .nd udsfy yourKlvM th»t It I. the he,! Ho.
Air Furnare m the market, luving near!, 4,,iiMethe
"I healing etlrtaee, and a v apt.i pan arra”«?l
"“PP v pleasant and agreealile I,.at. tree m it. dtut
•ninke and jas, tut the inanv pirtotte who have need them
the past wittier will teat My. CHI
A 15.., a large and aelect ’stoc k Stoves, Tin. Ir. Garni
per uud Glass ware. v
lohhmg of at! kinds at*
Uuded to w ith ueatness ami dispatch
A RUSSELL A CO..
No. Whbridge St., Worcester.
myR dtf
HYAOINTHS, TULIPS, aud ith 4*
I'UU ttdltM, fur Mile bv
wik dl* JOIIN S, BALLARD A V