NEW ORLEANS REPUBLICAN.
SDT9LE COPIES: TEN CENTS.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE 8TATE OF LOUISIANA.
TEEMS: $16 00 PEE ANNUM.
VOLUME V-NO. 210.
NEW ORLEANS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1871.
WHOLE NUMBER 1433.
^CAHEMY OK MIMIC.
Friday Evening, December 13,
i'iT'TEU, BENEFIT OF MRS. t>. P. ROWERS
A Double Bill, to foamfm- v.''.:
AMY K^IHSAKT.
tin? lolieart ................Mrs. D. P. Boweri
'nt Leii ester ............Mr. J. C. McCollum
Saturday December 10.
i,SAND MATINEE AT li NOON
AMY BOHSAHT.
Saturday Evening.
LEAH.
Sunday Evening.
appearance of Mrs. BOWER! ami
M OU.OM.
AMY ROHSART,
To conclude with
THE JEAI.OIS WIFE.
Moudav K
of the celebrat
i'or a short season
ning. December 18—First appearance
ABBOTT PANTOMIME TROUPE
gT. CUAK1.ES theatre.
BEN DkBAR ..............................Proprietor
licLeiit and last night but one of
THE CHAP MAN SISTERS.
MR BEX DuBAR WILL APPEAR IS TWO CHAR
ACTKRS.
This Friday Esenias. December 13.
Will be presented the comedy of
THE HOARDING SCHOOL.
To conclude with the burlesque of
POCAHONTAS.
SATURDAY —Grand Chapman Matinee a: 12 M.
de!5 It
£or. CHARLES THEATRE.
UFV DrBAR........ .....................Proprietor
SPECIA L N OTICE.
>unday Evening, December 17. 1S71,
MR. JOHN COLLINS.
In his famous original musical drama of
PAUL CLIFFORD.
As jiaveil by him in Loudon and New York with
lubouuded success for ovrt one hundred nights,
'•roduced with all the original music and effects,
"'o give effect to the scene THE BOBBING OP THE
MAIL coat'll. REAL HORSES will be introduced
on the stage. New music, new songs, new da:n e
new scenery, new effects. dels 4t
yAKIETlES THEATRE.
DIRECTOR...............LAWRENCE BARRETT.
i-TAuE MANAGER..............JOHN H. SbLWYff.
Engagement of the favorite and distinguished
Conn diau
JOHN E. OWENS,
A ho will appear this
Friday, December 13, 1S71.
A.a BOB ACRES, in Sheridau's celebrated comedy
o THE RIVALS. Sir. George Clarke, as Captain
A bsolute. Sir. Dominick Sluriay, as Sir Lucius,
end a powerful cast.
Friday evening and Saturday Matinee—The
G vale. Saturday evening—Slurried Life and Solon
oh ng!e. Monday evening—London Assurance.
Matinee every Wednesday aud Saturday admis
e: iu half price. Box office open from 10 A. M. to 4
R M.. daily. Doors open at P. M.; performance
eminences at 7:30 p. M. Matinee commences at
li M
BUSINESS MANAGER...... LORRAINE ROGERS
TREASURER ..................FRANK B CILLKY.
In preparation GKISIALDI. di-15
^TLANTIC HARDENS.
C A. R. FORSTER..............
L. D. BAUER....................
Proprietor.
Manager.
GRAND OPENING NIGHT.
Nos. 41 I•— and 46 Barooue street.
Under the management of L. D. Bauer, former
proprietor of the National Pavilion, under the
National Theatre.
1 J it FINEST MUSIC FURNISHED BY A. ARTISTS.
Concert Every Night.
AIT, WAIT FOR THE BIG »HOW.
TIVOLI CIRCLE LOT
O LI) JO II N
ling to New Orleans, and
reie Lot, with his
ROBINSON
•xliibit on
fftKAT MONSTER THREE TENT SHOW. Ml'*
s'4ECM, MENAGERIE. CARAVAN AS if CIRCUS,
i omitirnrioff Monday Night, Dereinber IS,
.e Only and Original OLD JOHN ROBINSON, on
i g-and annual triumphal tour, with
THREE MONSTER PAVILIONS.
Oik* exclusively for the Muaeum another ex
p -ssl fur the Menagerie ami Caravan, the third
;-voted to the Equestrian Entertaimneui*. A'J
a; oiuingand connected together, but
Only One Price of Admission,
4 ai ONE TICKET admits you to the Entire Com
bi nation—Menagerie, Museum, Caravan and
Circus—Great Three Tent Show.
Umission: Adults, seventy-rve rents; Children
;rider ten years of ag-, titty rents.
TWENTY FIVE GOLD AND CRIMSON CAGES
firawn by beautifully matched cream and dappled
horses—all the circus retinue. Biggest and beet
parade ever seen on the public streets.
FOUR MONSTER LIVING 8rA LIONS, with their
young, Platyrliychus Leonenus, or Sea Elephants.
\with mane erect, like forest uiouarehs, requiring
five hundred pounds of fresh fish daily for their
Mubsisteuee—the only ones on exhibition in the
world, and can be seeu at all hours sporting in an
artific ial lake of ocean water.
TWO GRAND PERFORMANCES DAILY
T e doors will open for the day or matinee exhi
ivtumat ioii. A M., and the circus^rfonuaucea
commence at li M. And for the night exhibi
tions the doors w jll open at P. M The circus
will comment e at a quarter to eight o'clock.
Ample time is given at each exhibition for visit
or* to witness the Mammoth Museum, Caravan
aud Menagerie before the equestrian exercises
commence.
A 1 mission..................................*5 cent#
Children under ten years of age........... 50 cent*
N. B.—In order to avoid the annoyance and de
lay ;n procuring tickets at the ticket wagon, tick
ets will also lie on sale at the following well
known and popular places, viz: A. Eyricb, book
nelier ard stationer, No. 130 Canal street; St. Cyr
Eourcade. apothecary and druggist. No. 215 Canal,
corner Rampart street; N. Kuutz, ladies' and gen
llemen's confectionery store, corner Canal and
Oarondelet streets; K. De! Nodal cigar stand, cor
ner St. Charles and Canal streets, and at C. C.
Haley's book aud news store, No. 153 Poydras
street. __
del 3
FOR SALE.
S AW MILL FOR 8ALK.-THK KSTAB
lishniRUt known as the JACKSON SAW MILL,
situated on the levee, in the Tt ird District of this
city, between Poland street and the Conveut, is
offered for sale with all its implements complete,
machinery, carta, horses, mules, etc., the proprie
tors wishing to retire from business. Said mill is
in the most perfect runriiig order, is now running,
aud can be examined iu all its parts aud details,
ft has done aud is doing a good business. For par
Oculars apply on the premises, to
uo22 lm
PII'ALUGUK Sc PETIT.
WANTED._____
W ANTED—A WOMAN TO COOK, WASH AND
iron for a family of four J
required. Apply at thia office
Recoiiinieudatious
uo2H
W ANTED—ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND MEN,
women aud children afflicted with the follow
lng diseases: Dyspepsia, diarrhea, bilious and
other fevers, gene mil debility, nervousness, low
■pints, eta: to be cured by the celebrated Pey
chaud's Bitters. Price. *1 a bottle.
ap30 Nil We Fr l.v___
WAVrEO.-> POSITION AS GOVERNESS OR
II companion to a Iad\. Would take the en
tire care of one or two ch ldien. and instruct them.
She speaks a refii ed and correct German; also.
Iri-enrh and English. Is a good housekeeper.
Would not object to go iu ihe country.
MRS. HAVRE AND,
no 12 No '2i'9 Camp street.
A GENTS WASTED U' u I ItK UNIVERSAL
TWINE AND THREAD UTTER saves time,
twine, thread, fingers aud teeth. Something every
body wauls. Samples mailed on receipt of twenty
live cents. Address GEORGE DAVIS,
oc3l 3in No 599 Broadway. New York.
.$1,000,000
<7an hr made in a short time
___ _ __________ hv a few shrewd men
who will not reveal the secret of the business un
der anv eireumstaneea.
For full particulars, address
J AMBS CLARK,
us? Dm D W 199 Bleecker street. New York.
___ MI^ELLANEOUS.
^LL THE FIRST PREMIUM**
AWARDED AT THE
State Fairs of Louisiana and Mississippi
JOHN FRANK.
Imiorterand Dealer in
LEATHER AND SHOE FINDINGS,
And Manufacturer of
BOOT AND SHOE UPPERS
Nq. 11$ Poydrns street,
1'OU
TUB BEST LEATHER OF ALL KINDS,
AJfO THR
BEST MANUFACTURED BOOT AND SHOE UPPERS,
dels Im
f|AO BRITISH SUBJECTS.
British claimants who had property taken or de
stroyed by the United States Ariuy or Navy in the
late war, by filing thru' claims and proofs with the
undersigned, can recover the same without delay
No charge uuiess claim is recarrnol.
.1. G. EUSTIS,
Notary snd Special Agent for British Claimants. No.
21 Commercial Place, New Orleans. deli, lru
M
ILLEK A DIEI.MAV
Manufacture five thousand pounds of sugar every
day iu
Candies and Confectioneries.
The largest candy manufactory in the United
States. They manufacture every kind of stick and
bartier pole candy and drops, aud every kind ot
bon bons and kisses, lozenges, and hundred-, of d: 1
tereut candies. Also, agents of Dr. Henley s tele
orated wine aud cock tail bitters; and keep eon
stantly on hand ail kinds of wines aud liquors. Also
a large stock of fireworks and fire crackers. Mtr
ckandise delivered in the city free of drayage, aud
for country orders tree o drav age to the steamboat
landings and depots.
Eight good candy makers are wanted, to whom
will be given steady employment. del2 Im eoil
D".
F. B. ALBERS.
RESIDENCE NO. 35 ERATO STREET.
Ollier No. $9 Canal wired
Office hours from 12 M. to 5 P.
and from 7 t
delu end lv
£tOAL
13
C. TYLER,
Carsndelet Street.
13
Will deliver the best PITTSBURG, ANTHRACITE
and CANNEL COAL to steamers, foundries aud
families at the LOWEST MARKET RATES,
de 6 2m
LINS.
JUNE LINS..................FINE
J. R. COOPERS
elebrati-d Pin ami Central Fire irrt*erli-!©;i«l ng
doi bus
nowu throughout the world for their superior
quality.
Orders will be takeu for the importation of
ON'K OR MORE
ot the above hne guns by
JOSEPH LENES
No. 75 Gravier street, up stair
B.—Guu implements always on baud.
de5 lm
JOHN G. FLEMING,
DEALER IN GASf FIXTURES,
now on hand and for sale at his store No.
144 Poydras street, the largest and finest assort
ment of goods in his branch of business that can be
found west or south of the Allegheny Mountains.
Call and see for yourselves. no25 6m
UILDINO
PAP*B.
This la a hard, compac paper, like at
ordinary book cover, and ia saturated wltl
tar and used on the outside of frame bnild
tugs under the clapboards, also under sbin
ales aud lloors, to Keep vut damp and cold.
I It is also used on the inside, not saturated,
I instead of Plastering, and makes a warm
I and cheap wall. It costs only from $3 to gjt
(according to size) to cover houses on the
outside. Samples and descriptive circular,
set f (tee.
Address, Rock River Paper Company, Chicago,
Or, E. C. PALMER A CO„
93. 95, 97 Camp street, New Orleans,
mh6 General Agents for the Southern States
R A
MIE PLANTS FOR SALK.
c.
Crescent City Ramie Planting
AND
MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
RAMIE PLANTS, securely packed lor shipping
tor sale by the thousand at reasonable rates
Terms—Cash when ordered.
Books of subscription to the capital stock of this
company are now open at the office, No. 122 Caron
delet street. WILLIAM HALL, President.
Edward Tomati., Treasurer, oelK3m
HUNT 8c CO.,
MACHINERY DEPOT.
No. US3 Gravier Mtreet, New Orleans.
Manufacturers' Agents for
K. CARVRK COMPANY'S CELEBRATED COTTOi
GINS AND LINTERS.
F AKH'S STEAM PUMPS,
Of all kinds.
Boston Machine Company's Engines; Psrtabls
and Stationary Boilers; the Baxter Portable Bn
gines; Schaffer it Budenberg Steam Gauges; Coffin's
Sveam, Water and Gas Valves, Hydrants aud Water
Metres; Sturtevant's Pressure and Fan Blowers.
Exhaust and Dryer Faus; Berryman's Automatic
Boiler Feed Regulator and Low Water Alarm:
Drake's, Kvart's and Low's Automatic and Hand
Feed Shingle Machines; Clark's Linen Hose, Host
Pipes, Couplings, etc.; New York Tap and Die Com
pany's Screw Plates, Taps. Dies, Reamers, ere.;
United States Standard Nut Company's Finished
and Unfinished Nuts aud Bolts; J. W. Mixterk
Co.'s Saw Gummers, Upsets and Mill Picks; Selden's
Steam Packing, Plymouth Mills Rivets; the Ragle
Vise.
Plantation, Draining, Cotton, Iron, Wood-work
ing and all kinds of Machinery, Belting, Shafting
and Pulleys, on Land, or will lie fumiahed at abort
notice, at Manufacturers' Prices.
ja23 8a Su Tulv
D KNTIIST—Uk ALLfcN, NO. IX UKlAUkl
street, near Canal, will attend personally to
all those who may require his services or advice.
Dr. Allen would inform his patients that the Rub
ber plate hereafu r made will he from a new com
pound, free from poisonous ingredients and iwlos
as strong as the Vermilion Rubber. Old plates
made new at twenty per cent leas than the usual
price. sett ly*
..........GAS....
•GAM,
G AS
The best and cheapest gas tn the city caa he had
by applying at No. 53 Camp street, to
W. B. BOWMAN,
Agent Fairbanks' Scale aud Cotton Beams.
Fairbanks k Co. are the authorized agents for
furnishing all the the customhouses, pestoffices,
and all public bnildings connected with the United
States, with scales, which is satisfactory evidence
that they are the standard for the United States.
Boat hem Agency at No. 53 Camp street.
au26 3m W. B BOWMAN. Agent.
AOA.MK KVI.VIA, JUST ARRIVED,
AYR. has located herself at No. *50 Common street,
between Rampart and Basin—Will tell the PAST,
PRESENT AND FUTURE, and guarantees to cure
all FEMALE DISEASES. Office hours from 8 A. M.
to 8 P. M. uo!9 lm
_____MACHINERY.
^KMSTHUNU'S
FOUNDRY AND BOILRR MANUFACTORY.
Corner of Erato and New Levee streets,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
W. J. J. ARMSTRONG, Manager.
Manufacturer of Vertical aud Horizontal Stead
Rngiues, Sugar Mills, Draining Machines. Saw
Mills, Cotton Screws and Gearing, Iron Colnmns
and Fronts of Buildings, Furnace Mouths, Grata
Bars. Bone Black, Revlviflers, Gas Retorts, Railroad
Frogs, etc.; Low Pressure, Locomotive Flue and
Cylinder Boilers of all kins. Filters, Jnice Boxsa
ami Clarifiers, etc.
REMOVALS.
EMOVAL
.......REMOVAL.
R
THE .METROPOLITAN LOAN, SAVINGS AND
PLEDGE BANK has removed from No. 114 St.
diaries street to N<*. 14 Camp street, under tli«
City Hotel, and is pr<j»aied to RECEIVE DE
POSITS, DISCOUNT NOTES aud MAKE ADVANCES
on approved collaterals, aa usual, on the moat
aceommodnttrK terma.
uuFJeodlm T. D. VANHORN, Cashier.
THK CITY" HAUL.
The sub-committees of the Fifty-one
namely: committees on police, assessments
and improvements, visited the several de
partments to which they iiad been assigned
yesterday afternoon. Having paid their
respects to the Mayor, in a body, the visits
to each of the three departments tran
spired.
The citizens' committee on polite inter
viewed Administrator Lewis, ascertaiuin,
from him the system of the department and
the theory of -its working, making inquiries
in regard to the keeping of accounts and in
reference to the disbursements.
The citizens' committee on assessments
likewise interviewed Administrator Bonza
no, requiring from this department a list of
employes, the residence of each and sal
aries, with comparative statements of the
expenses of the office for three or four
years.
Preciwly similar were the questions in the
department of the Administrator of Im
provements.
The visit was in accordance with a resolu
tion adopted in the Committee of Fifty-one,
authorizing the expedition and directing its
conduct.
Nothing definite has yet resulted from the
executive meeting of the Council to take
into consideration the grant by the Legisla
ture of the levee for railway purposes. From
what has been beard outside of this meet
ing, it is ascertained that a majority of the
Administrators favor a ratification of the
legislative grants, in view of obtaining
rapid railroad communication with Texas,
and that certain irregularities in the de
mand of Charles Morgan should be over
looked. The Mayor, however, is opposed
to the plan. The City Attorney was directed
to make a synopsis of the legislative grants,
and it seems the general impression that
the Council will, by the next meeting, grant
the privileges asked for by Mr. Morgan.
The Department of Improvements is now
busy in filling up the caving in the wharves
and in patching up the levees so far as
down to the old cotton press. 1 here is
now an unbroken chain of wharves from
the Lower Market to Thalia street by the
presenQarrangement. A plank road is now
being laid on Calliope street iu front of the
Jackson railroad depot.
The Dieappcaranre of A. W. Walker.
It appears to be generally admitted that
the supposition of suicide of A. W. Walker
is not well founded. It is stated that lie
as a relative in Cuba who is a wealthy
sugar planter, and his destination is held to
be in that island. He was seen on Satui
day, one day later than the last glimpse of
him in this city, on the mail boat going to
Mobile, where it is reported he had arrived.
Had lie committed suicide, his body would
Lave been found.
He was a man who, from his political
connections and business transactions, was
idely known, and a day would not have
elapsed before some traces would have
been revealed giving evidence of his death.
The suicide is improbable, and by those
ho knew the fibre of his mind it is deemed
ui possible.
Few certainties have cotue to light be
yond those already mentioned. He bought
large amount of French gold on Friday
trom a broker, iu whose office lie appeared
ith "an armful of bank notes" to be cashed,
nd as the letters are-dated on this day.it
pears he could not have "meant busi
ness" when lie spoke of suicide. Mr.
Walker had not passed a year of his life
for the past ten that he wr.s not engaged iu
ution, and. compared with bis means:
e probably had more lawsuits on his shoul
rs than any other man in the city. Judg
neuts against him were many. He was
persistent and tenacious, never yielding ex
cept at the decided expense of his ad ver
sary, whether the latter was assailant or
assailed.
The late reverses which are presumed to
have led him into the suicide's grave were
only of the same kind and weight which he
had often received before. We incline to
the opinion, that be will soon be found, and
that the reasons for the step he has taken
will then become apparent. But his sufride
is not to be thought of for a moment.
of
Redemption of Fragments of Notes.
The following circular was recently
issued by General F. E. Spinner, United
States Treasurer. We are under obliga
tions to Mr. Charles Clinton, United States
Assistant Treasurer at New Orleans, for a
copy
On and after the first day of January,
1872, the existing rules governing the re
demption ot all kinds of paper money,
which now is, or may hereafter become re
deemable at the treasury of the United
States, will be changed so as to read as
follows:
First—Fragments of a note, constituting
less than one half, will not be redeemed at
all, unless on clear and satisfactory proof
of tbe total destruction of the missiug part.
Second—An entirety of less than five
eighths of a note, and being clearly half of
a note, will be redeemed at half the face
value of a whole note.
Third—An entire piece, constituting five
eighths of a note, will be redeemed" at its
full face value.
The Late Cornelius Fellowes.
The Louisville Courier-Journal of Tues
day says:
Mr. Cornelius Fellowes, one of the oldest
and most prominent merchants of New Or
leans, and well known here in LouisviHe,
died in the former city of pneumonia on the
night of the eighth instant, Mr. Fellowes
was a native of Kentucky, and was born
near Henderson iu 1801 or 1802. He went
to New Orleans about thirty years ago, and
commenced business with his'brother, the
style of the firm being W. <fc C. Fellowes
Co. They were successful from the start,
and for many years before the breaking out
of tbe war tbe firm of W. A. C. Fellowes A
Co. was by all odds the most solid and pros
perous ami did the, largest business of any
in New Orleans. It had a reputation all
over the country. During the war Mr.
Fellowes sided with the South, and lost all
he had. Since the war lie has been en
gaged in settling up his accounts, involving
many millions of dollars, and paying off his
debts, which he succeeded in'accomplish
ing. it is said, to the last cent, before bis
death. Mr. Fellowes was universally loved
and respected. He was a gentleman of
rare social qualities, aud always had hosts
n» triends around him. He was here at the
Galt House only a week ago in excellent
health, ami seemed to be bearing his sev
enty years of life as if they were no more
than forty. The announcement of his death
will be received in this city with surprise
The Temperature.
The thermometer at Louis Frigerio's,
No. 50 Chartres street, yesterday stood as
follows; At 8 A. M.,50 c at 2 P. M., 57 at
6 P. M., 55 Lowest point during the
night of December 13, 4S 3 Rain during
the night of December 13, one-eixth of an
inch.
A JOURNALISTIC TOURNEY
Speaker Carter Hauled Orer the Coals
FIRST BLOOD AND A CLEAN KNOCK
DOWN FOR BIS OPPONENT
The taunts and insinuations of ihe .Y<i
lioital Republican, edited and controlled by
the (at present? Speaker of the House of
Representatives, has called forth for our
new Lieutenant Governor a champion of
bis own race, wbo writes as though thor
oughly posted on the subject he handles so
deftly. We copy from the New Orleans
Louisianian of yesterday
THE FAG END OF -IOURNALISM
Since the elevation of Senator Pinch hack
to the piisition of Lieutenant Governor, the
Rational Rag that disgraces the name of
Republican, has {mured forth a torrent of
abuse and vilification Rgaint the new Lieu
tenant Governor unwarranted by facts and
unjustified by the ethic* of decent journal
ism. In that sheet fafcehood has followed
misrepresentation, and scarcely has one
calumny gone out before another slander
has followed it. Silent contempt must cease
to be dumb in the midst of such outrageous
persecution. No one with manhood beat
ing at his heart ran stand forever the rheum
of a set of sneaks who, whipped out of the
Republican party, have found their only re
source to consist in the vilest display of
venom compatible with the viper, nor can
reason produce silence, though its pure
light shows us ail that personal vitupera
tion is always the low resort of those who
have no other argument at their call, and
is a characteristic of a blackguard.
From the time Mr. Pinch back was pro
nounced Lieutenant Governor until the
very hour at which we write, the Fag has
not ceased to snarl and show its teeth,
which, making evident as it docs that the
Fag end of the Republican party have been
so soundly beaten that pitching dirt is now
their last hold, yet calls for a rebuke from
every man interested in the extirpation of
all barbarism. The writers and promoters
of such emanations live in a glass house.
We know their record. If such were uot
the case, the great zeffl in behalf of their
present affiliations would lead, of itself, to
suspicion. Whatever Mr. Piuchbaek may
have done hastily, he Las never sacrificed
Ins principles, his country or his kind.
Nor has he sold out his adherents or his
friends. True, he had always a contempt
for a set of mean white men who, while they
curried favor with him to procure political
influence, at the same time would hate
to walk with him in the street.
He has even now a loathing for a hypo
crite that disguises his malice in a fawning
cant, and who only, shows the devil in his
heart when it will no longer serve his pur
pose to play tbe saint. Though willing to
acknowledge the Providence of God. Mr.
Pinehback never carried the politician anil
the preacher under the same skull. A
Republican of the stra-itesf sect now be
was one in the past. He has never left li is
home for a place which his people refused
to accord him. He is not disappointed, nor
is he suffering from a sad attack of veto.
His policy is "reform," and already lie has
severed, pulled up by tbe roots the "dead
beats" of journalism in this State. He
would not continue such an outrageous
nuisance in tbe premises of the government.
Here is the cause of the whole bu»iuess.
These journals, so ruthlessly cut off in the
prime of life, were the pap upon which these
people of the Fag subsisted. As to any aud
all aspersions on the official conduct of Mr.'
Pinehback. wc cast it in the teeth of those
who utter it. The editor of the Fug can
not prove lamself honest by calling every
other man a thief, nor is it possible to show
lie is right by denouncing bis opponents as
in the wrong. "He who first loses his tem
per lias lost the battle also." and if "gentle
men "are made of such material as showed
itself iu the columns of the Fag, let us all
travel in tbe opposite direction.
If "the Pinehback supporters represent
nothing in Louisiana," whom do the Garter
men represent A fugitive from his adopted
State, this would-be Governor, according to
the Galveston papers, left bis country for
bis country s good." At home he can not
command a corporal's guard, and could not
be elected an acting sub assistant deputy
constable. By bis own confession, be is
"jack ot all trades, master of uone." In the j
course of a few years he has successively
appeared as a psalm-singing hypocrite, a
pettifogger, a false friend, a lobbyist, a poli
tieian and a newspaper slang-whanger. In
all these capacities tbe personal character of
the man as a truckling lick spittle has
ood purpose.
lied out from the mask of
which fits him so badly that, like the jackass
who would wear the lion's skiu, he tun aot
hide, do what he will, the ass' ears.
I nder williul and persistent misrepre
sentation, distortion of the truth, warping
of published statemeuts and direct insinua
tions, we have remained almost silent.
Small as the assailant is, politically and
socially: yet even a liou may be fretted to
death by a guat. We have grown tired of
of him. Every man iu the position of Mr.
Pinehback has a manhood which must and
shall be vindicated, couie what will.
AMUSEMENT'S.
St. Charles Theatre.
A bright, clear evening, and there was
nothing to prevent the multitudes from
wending their way to "Old Drury" last
night, where Ben DeBar appeared as
rwutles. and the Chapman sisters in the
burlesque of "Little Giovanni." This eve
uing the Chapman sisters hope to derive
something handsome from their farewell
benefit, when the comedy of "The Hoard
ing School aud the American burlesque of
"Pocahontas" will be presented. Ben De
Bar will appear in two characters. To
morrow at twelve o'clock grand Chapman
matinee. Next Sunday evening Mr. John
Collins will appear in his famous original
musical drama of "Paul Clifford
Varieties Theatre.
A fine audience welcomed the presenta
tion of "Ihe Rivals" last night, with Mr.
John r.. Owens as Rob Acres, Mr George
Clarke as Captain Absolute, and Mr. Domi
mck Murray as Sir Lucius. Sheridan's
celebrated and generally popular comedy
has seldom been presented with a better
distribution ot characters, nor to the greater
satisfaction of an audience. The same play
will be presented again this evefiing, and
lor the matinee to-morrow at twelve o'clock
To-morrow evening, Married Life and
Solon Shingle."
Academy of Music.
It does seem as though the patrons of the
Academy of Music would never tite of
"Amy Robsart," for the attendance is uu
dimiuisbed, and the interest in the perform
auce unabated. The seenpry is so gorgeous
and the wardrobes so beautiful rhat other
charms are added to the excellent imper
sonations of Mrs. Bowers as Amy Robsart
an, l Mr. McCollom as L'arl of Leicester
this evening, on the occasion of tlie fare
well benefit of Mrs. Bowers, "Amy Robsart"
and Coleman's beautiful comedy of the
"Jealous Wife" will be presented. An
Amy Robsart" matinee to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
The Opera House.
This evening, for the third time, itossin. s
grand opera of "Guillaume Tell," in four
acts, will he performed.
Tivoli Circle.
>ld John Robinson's three mammoth tents,
combining museum, meuagerie, caravan and
circus, will make things lively around
Tivoli circle next week The first exhibi
tion will be Monday evening, alter which
there will matinee and evening perform
ances daily. Read the advertisement, and
then let the little folks see the great show
A young lady on her way to be married
was run over and killed. Ail elderly single
lady savagely remarked: "She has escaped
a more lingering and horrible destiny."
Lieutenant Governor Pinehback.
The Monroe Intelligencer, in noticing the
election of Senator Pinehback to the posi
tion of President of the Sente and tbe Lieu
tenant Governorship, says
Mr. Pinehback has been prominently be
fore the people of this State since the con
stitutional convention of 1867, of which he
was a member, having been elected a mem
ber of the State Senate on the adoption of
the present constitution, and re-elected last
year.
Last winter, prior to the meeting of the
Legislature, in a caucus of the colored mem
bers of that body, lie was selected as their
choice for United States Senator, in prefer
ence to the late Lieutenant Governor. Mr.
Piuchbaek, as a writer and an orator, has
shown decided ability, anil unless we are
greatly mistaken, the positive elements of
his character are such as to give him a de
cided leadership, where negative characters
would not be equal to the occasion. His
speech in favor of reform has been followed
by an act which shows that he means what
be says. We allude fo the cancellation of
printing contracts throughout the State bv
him and Governor Warmoth. By this means
a number of papers that bail no standing,
no influence and but few readers, will be
swept out of existence.
In making this assertion, we do not in
clude all papers whose contracts are can
celed, for sueh papers as the Homer Iliad.
Louisianian, Stale Register, A 'takapas
Register, Madison Journal, and others,
wilUbe able to sustain themselves without
any aid from the State. It was a well
known faet at the press convention last
summer that the circulation of five or six
papers represented there exceeded the com
bined circulation of the rest.
We hope that such reforms as are prac
tical will be preceded with.
The Baton Rouge Journal says, on "The
Victory of Principle:"
The elevation of Senator Pinehback to
the high position of Lieutenant Governor
of this great conimonwealth is a just tribute
of respect to his worth as a sound and hard
working political leader and a thorough
going and staunch Republican. Not only
this, but the election of Mr. Pinehback was
indeed a great Republican victory: it was a
grand triumph over the corrupt faction—a
perfect Waterloo defeat to tbe combined
enemies, aud settling the question as to
wbieb party the lifelong enemy of Repub
licanism, Democracy, was allied. It is grati
fying beyond expression to have gained this
victory, and to know that notone single
vote ot the enemies of the great reform
party was necessary to accomplish the ob
ject. It was, in truth, the adhering to prin
ciple. and not money and other corrupt
modes which were used by the Customhouse
clique, that gained us the day. We all
know that money .was freely .used hv the
Customhouse faction. "Uncle barn's" cash
box was perverted to tbe use and benefit of
bad and soulless conspirators against our
State government. The strong box of the
Customhouse alone was a fund much larger
than could have been produced bv our State
administration, if the State had' wished to
have stooped to such base means of action:
but uo, thank God. it was. as we said be
fore. principle, aud principle alone, that
won the day.
After contemplating this jrroat achieve
ment of right over corruption, what be
comes of tbe oft repeated tale—concocted
by tbe wicjted clique—that, the Governor in
tended to sell out to the Democracy 1
What becomes of the story that the Gov
ernor wished a Democrat to be elected to
the position which Mr. Piuchbaek now occu
pies. and which positiou he will undoubted
ly till with honor and credit to the State
His excellency the Governor, it was said,
wanted a white man, aud that it was the
Customhouse alone that desired a colored
man. Who was it that put forwaril the
white man aud who was it that put in
nomination the colored man The ques
tion is easily answered. It was the genuine
Republicans who stuck to principle, aud
they compose tlie make up of our State ad
ministration. All those wicked slanders
circulated by the recreant officials of the
general government must now revert with
shame to the originators The venom and
malice that actuated them is now brought
to light, and wc should think that with such
a vile record they would now yield, and de
to some clime where they were not
known
Texns Railroad*.
i Ul Austin Journal of the ninth in>!ant
says
Tbe lion. G. A Grow president ot the
Great Northern road, called at tbe State
Journal office yesterday. This important
road is victoriously advancing at a rate
never surpassed iti the history of Texas
passenger freight
trains will run to a point fitly miles above
llonston. If a'favorable decision is obtain
ed from the State supreme court with regard
to their land certificates the work of con
struction will be pushed on without a halt
by the energy and skill of the new direction.
The same paper say* of the International
railroad;
This road on Monday next will have nftv
miics ready tor travel and traffic. It crosses
the Texas Central at Hearns, traversing
the couuties of Robertson and Leon. Pas
senger and freight trains will run daily.
Sundays excepted in connection with the
Houston aud Texas Central railway, and
will connect at Jouitt with Johnson ic
Mitchell's stage line for Butler, Fairfield.
Palestine ami points east. The Trinity
river will be reached bv the first of Feb
ruary next. Through .iills of lading will
be given for freight to Houston, Galveston
and all points on the Houston and Texas
Central railway and connections. Property
:n tbe towns of Englewood, Marquez anil
Jouitt is now being s*ld at low prices, and
every fac ility will be extended to both emi
grants and shippers.
The Corsicana Observer says:
We are informed that there are over 200
car loads of freight between here and Hous
ton for this place. The agent here tells us
that they can not possibly get up with the
work iu a less time than three weeks. The
heaviest shipments ever made at any depot
on the road are now being made.
It is said in Paris that President Thiers,
notwithstanding his numerous and arduous
duties, has found time to complete his his
tory of the reign of Louis XIV., and that
the work, which will be issued in six vol
-imeg will appear at aa early day
Iuiiniffration to Texas.
Colonel J. II. Lippard, one of the Texas
State commissioners of immigration, has
gone over to Houston, where ho reports that
he has recently returned from a trip to Ten
nessee and West Virginia, and speaks in fa
vorable terms of the prospects of heavy im
migration from there during the season. In
West Virginia particularly the people were
mak ing preparations to come to Texas in
large numbers. Colonel Lippard says most
of the transportation lines are very liberal
.n 'heir deductions in favor of immigrants.
New Orlcnns, Mobile an<l Texas Railroad.
Messrs Charles A. Whitney St Co., gen
eral agents of this railroad, give notiee of a
change of rates to-day, the rare between
New Orleans and Mobile being seven dol
lars. instead of the rates heretofore estab
lished. Freight will be taken at new tariff
rales See advertisement iu the proper
column of the Republican
Assessment Nos. 77, 78, 7!) and 80—see
special notice column; death of C. W. West.
Jacob Hulmer, Margaret 'Dinkel, and Rut
son Newlove, payable at the office of the
Mutual Aid and Benevolent Lif® Insurance
Association of Louisiana, No. 120 Caron
d»l«t •troet; amount paid, $9284.
a
BY TELEGRAPH.
LATEST SEWS FROS ALL FOISTS
I REK SALT AND' FREE COAL
ACRIMONIOUS SENATE. DEBATE
Trumbull's Amendment Defeated
APPORTIONMENT BILL PASSED
LOUISIANA MEMBERS UMIU4NGKD
SCHENCK NOT RESIGNED
AKERMAN AND HIS SICTESSOR
RECOGNITION OF CONSULS
PARLIAMENT WILL NOT CONVENE
A COTTON FIRM SELTLKS
A SMALL-POX EXCITEMENT
Tlt«* Prince of Wales
HOPES OF RECOVERY EXPRESSED
CAPTURE OF EXPRESS ROBBERS
Tlie.v Make a Desperate Fight
SOUTHEBN CLAIMS COMMISSION
an interesting report
ATT0RNET GENERAL CONFIRMED
CONGRESS.
I 1 ree Salt and Free Coal—Acrimonious
Debate—Trumbull's Amendment De
feated—Committee of loveatlcation and
Retrenchment—House Apportionment
Bill Passed—Louisiana Members I n
ch nosed-II nnsc Committee on Com*
me rre—Delegation from Mteamboat
tnen's Convention.
Washington, December 14 —Senate.—
Mr. Irumbull gave notice that he would to
morrow move the discharge of the commit
tee of finance from the consideration of free
salt anil coal, tor the purpose of proceeding
at once with the bill in the Senate.
The bill authorizing-a full day's pav for
eight hours' work, retroactive, was referred
to the committee on finance.
The argument on Mr. Trumbull's amend
ment to the resolution organizing a com
mittee of investigation and retrenchment
was resumed, and continued with much
acrimony to five o'clock, when the amend
ment was defeated by a vote of thirtv five
to to twenty-tour.
The following named Republicans voted
aye: Alcorn, Fenton, Logan. Patterson,
Robertson, Sclitirz, Sumner. Tipton. Trum
bull, West aud Wilson.
A resolution organizing the committee,
without instructions or power to send for
papers and persons, was adopted without
division.
Senate then adjourned.
Senate .—Mr. Kellogg moved a reference
of that part of the Secretary of the Treas
ury s report referring to ship building to
the committee on commerce, with instruc
tions that the committee inquire into the
expediency of paying a premium per ton
upon American built iron steamers. Adopted.
Also, that part of the report favoring the
establishment of iron ship building yards
and docks be referred to the naval commit
tee, with instructions to inquire into the ex
pediency of establishing an iron ship
building yard and dock at some point iu
the Mississippi valley, and report by bill or
otherwise. Adopted.
1 lie apportionment bill was resumed in
committee of the whole, and an amendment
adopted that hereafter no State shall be ad
mitted with a hss population than required
for a member.
The bill theu passed without division.
It provides that the House shall consist ol
283 members, with a distribution as follows
Maiuo 5, New Hampshire 2, Vermont 2,
Massachusetts 11. Rhode Island 2, Connecti
cut 4, New oi k 32, New Jersey 7, I'enusvl
vania 26, Delaware 1, Marvland 6, Virginia
North arolina 8, South't'arolina 5, Geor
gia 9, Alabama 7, Mississippi 6, Louisiana
7, Ohio 20, Kentucky 10, Tennessee In
diana 12, Illinois 10, Missouri 13, Arkansas
4. Michigan 0, Florida 1. Texas 6, Jowa 9.
Wisconsin 8, California 4, Minnesota 3, Ore
gon I. Kansas 3. West Virginia 3, Nevada 1
aud Nebraska 1.
The House then adjourned.
1 he House committee wn commerce to
day heard a delegation from the convention
of steamboatmen now in session here. The
committee promises to investigate the mat
ters complained of.
The Senate unanimously confirmed Mr.
Williams as Attorney General.
WASHINGTON.
SM-hrnrk not Resinned—Akrrman Goes
out January Tenth-Williams, of Ore
gon, his Successor—Consuls Heron*
nlzed by the President-The House
Calls for Customhouse Employes' In
formation.
Washington. December 14.—Minister
Schcnck has not resigned.
Attorney General Akenuan s resignation
takes effect January 10. George H. Wil
liams, ot Oregon, lias been nominated as
his successor.
The Secretary of the Treasury has been
called upon for a report of the number of
employes, amounts of salaries, amounts
paid as rewards and moieties, other fees and
contingent expenses at each customhouse
during the fiscal year ending in 1871.
The President has recognized Augel Mar
tiuez as consul of Mexico at New Orleans;
Dennis Donohoe consul of England for
Maryland. Tennessee, Virginia, West Vir
ginia, Kentucky and Missouri—residence,
Baltimore, Maryland; Albany DeGrevier
Deroublanjue consul for Louisiana, Arkan
sas and Mississirpi—residence. New Orleans
Edward Buchan vice consul of the German
empire, Wilmington, North Carolina; John
Jay Plulhrick vice consul of the German
empire. Key West, Florida; Herman Bafjer
codhijI ot th« (rorman empire. Mobile.
The Southern claims committee have
made their report. They throw out the
claims of aliens, notwithstanding natural
ization since the war. The applicant claim
ing loyalty must prove it. Voluntarv resi
lience in an insurrectionary State during
rp K ar, b'd as prim a f aeie evidence
of disloyalty. The whole number of claims
presented are 10,099, aggregating$26,700,000.
I lie commissioners report upon 580 cases,
2.4b of which were rejected. Claims favor
ably reported on aggregate $1,670,000, which
the commissioners cut down to $311,000.
NEW YORK..
Cottou Firm Settled at Seventy-Five
Cents—Small-Pox at Brooklyn—Great
Excitement There-New York Banks
in Trouble—Cause of Money Strin
gency.
New York. December 14.—'The cotton
firm of W. P Wright St Co. settled to-day on
a basis of seventy-five cents on the dollar.
The firm will resume business shortly.
Great excitement prevails in Brooklyn
on account ot the smull-pox, which lias
broken out in the jail. A corps of physi
cians have been detailed to vaccinate the
citizens.
It is rumored the Bank of Commonwealth
is in trouble.
The Bank of North America has been
called to account for aiding in the lock-iui
of money.
I lie president of the Bank of Commerce
declares that institution sound.
Governments firm; sixes of 1881. 11714;
five-twenties of 1862 110: 1861,110!?; 1866,
111! 2 new issues 113-,; I8t!7, 11 1868.
11.74. ten-forties 109 s ii. Tennessees old 674,
new 67; irginias old 60!?, new 67; Louisiana
old 61, new 70; levee sixes 64. eights 75;
Alabama eights 100: fives 65; Georgia sixes
78, .-.evens 82: North Carolinas old 34, new
12; .South Carolinas 48, new 30
The chief cause of stringent-v in the
money market to-day was the Broadwav
Bank calling in ail its loans to meet city
obligations to-morrow.
At a special meeting of the hoard of po
lice, held this evening, a resolution was
passed rescinding the order directing the
superintendent to prevent tbe parade of the
International societies on Sunday, and an
other residution was adopted instructing
the superintendent to take the necessary
measures to prevent a breach of the peace
on the occasion of such procession, and to
protect the public from disorder and vio
lence.
An amendment ottered bv the niavor, to
the effect that the matter be referred*to the
president of tlie board and superintendent
of police, under tbe action of tbe board
taken May 16, 1871, was lost.
This afternoon Jennie C. Claftiin appeared
before the Jefferson Market Court and com
plained to Justice Shandley that her father
and mother wpre a source of continual an
noyance to her and Mrs. Woodhull. She
complained specifically that they went to
her residence on Wednesday evening last
and created a great disturbance. Justice
Shandley issued summons for their appear
ance to-morrow morning to answer tlie
charge of their daughter.
The Tribune has the following special
dispatch from .Wasington: "An effort will
be made this winter to induce Congress to
pass a law directing the refunding of the
cotton tax collected in the years 1865, 1866
and 1867." A memorial upon this subject,
from the New Orleans Chamber of Com
merce, is now before tbe committee of ways
and means, which argues that the tax was
unconstitutional by reason of its falling
only upon one section of the country.
This will be supported by similar memo
rinl.s from other commercial associations and
petitions from farmers who paid the tax.
which will soon be filed. The amount the
treasury would have to pay in case the tax
should be refunded would be so enormous
that there is almost no probability of such a
bill passing, even with tbe aid of the power
and influence that w-oulu certainly be
brought to bear.
That a movement is organizing to press
the scheme for refunding the cotton tax is
undoubted. By information received here
lrom a trustworthy source it is learned that
speculators have been busy in West Ten
nessee buying from the planters for trifling
sums the assignments of their claims to
the tax paid by them. One man in Mem
phis, it is alleged, holds assignments
amounting to several millions ot dollars.
The whole amount of the eotton tax col
lected is said to have been over $100,000,000.
Madrid, December 14.—The ex-Empress
Eugenie has gone to Gibraltar, where she
will take a steamer for England.
San Francisco, December 14.—The Mexi
cali revolutionists still hold Mazatlan, and
are fortifying to resist any attack that may
be made by tlie troops raised by Governor
Buchan, oi Lower California. Sonora -and
Gorcio are quiet. Advices from tbe Pacific
coast of Mexico, on the whole, are favorable
to the Juarez government.
New- York Stork Market.
'ffrrtfti. Asked.
">M.............................. UK s 1093,
Cumberland........................ to 45
Consolidated Coal............ 3: yj;
Western Union Telenraph ot, 6b 1
Mariposa 1 jl.
Mariposa, preferred......... f
ijuieksi'.ver........................ j: 24 1
(juieksilver. preferred............. tn 29
Adauis Expiess Couipanv. 39. sou
W ells, Far™ A. Co. Express..... 5T so
American Merehants' Express. T»7 592,
United States Express 60 62
Pacific Mail......................... 4g-.; 40
Union Pacific................. 26 4 2b
New Aork Central and Hudson
River......................... 91 y] r
New York Central an.I Hudson
River Scrip...................... 36', m,i.
Kr
Harlem...........................' 1201* 12*2
Reading....... .................7 j"
Lake Shore aftd Srichigan Nouthein 3 33,
Lake Shore and Michigan ^outhera
scrip............................. ru
Pittsburg........................... 126 127
New Jeraev Central............. iij* h jfi
Northwestern....................... (jp:
Northwestern preferred............ 30*' yo
Rock Island. jug V\2 J
St Paul.........................7.7.: 52 52
bt. Paul preferred..........;........ 75:,
Toledo and Wabash................ S2 62 a
Fort Wayne......... iHP; 98
*>1110 and Mississippi................ 4#):^ 4J
Chicago and Alton.................. 1 Iti 113
PRINCE OF WALES.
Hope-* of Recovery Freely Expressed.
London, December 14.—Dispatches to
noon to-day indicate a slight improvement
in tbe condition of the Prince of Wales.
Sandringham, December 14, 5 A. M._
Tbe Prince is less restless no increase of
exhaustion lie lias had some sleep.
London, December 14, 2 P. M._There
lias been a slight change for the better in
the condition of the frinee. The eompara
tn-e quiet last evening, and rest last night
have proved lienetiuial.
Sandringham. December 14. 2 1'. M.—
The Prince of Wales slept last night, and
there is some abatement of the graver symp
toms. J 1
Noon—Wales has been tranquil this morn
ing the gain or last night maintained.
London, December 14.—A bulletin dated
halt-past two states that no further change
in the prince s condition is reported, and
hopes ot his recovery are freely Expressed.
Nmx York, December 14.—Tbe World's
London correspoitoent says: "I have the
highest medical authority tor giving assur
ance that the Prince o*f Wales will re
cover."
London, December 14, 10 P. M.—An
official telegram just received from
Sandringham announces that the prince
passed a quiet afternoon and evening. The
symptoms have remained unchanged since
morning.
London, December 15, 2 A. M.—The
Prince of Wales has been unquiet since ten
o clock last night.
FOREIGN.
Parliament not te Convene in Jannary
l.ivrrpool Arrivals-The Washington
Treaty Board of Arbitratinn-AII the
Members at Geneva—The Orleans
Princes and French Assembly.
London, December 14 —The report that
Parliament would be convened in January
18 denied. J
Liverpool, December 14.—Arrived The
cotton ships Asia, Robinson Crusoe, Har
vest Queen, Lawantree, Drunpner. Glen
allocli, .Sabine, Vesuvius, Anevock. Brazos
Montreal, Leonidas, Moltke. Uubidia'
2T.394Mbales. toUl C1 W
Geneva, December 11.—All the members
ot the board ot arbitration under the
Washington treaty are expected to arrive
here to night aud meet at the Hotel de
V me to-morrow. c
Paris, December 14.—It is reported the
i leans princes have determined to take
then- seats m the Assembly at an early day
centre. 1 V tL tbU 1 art y of b right
Panama. December 3,-Klection troubles
are nummcnt in Peru The editor of the
Aaccmno/at Callao has been arrested, and
mails P ,efused tran siHi8sion through the
The small pox prevails in Chili.
m. RIS4 .V Dec «m ber H—In the Assembly
Uvday the minister of war made a state
ment in explanation of the dela y of the
(CMtiuauiip on MLOHxa rxox.