VOLUME 48. NUMBER 51 I
WHOLvI NUMBER 249 i.
REWS OF THE WEEK.
WEtKLI GOSSIP AND REVIEW.
The contest begun in the Senate, last week,
over Mr Trumbull's motion to revive the joint
committee on retrenchment and reform, was
finally closed on Monday of this week, and the
substantial victory was with Mr Trumbull and
his supporters. At first a caucus of republican
senators resolved merely to support a tame little
resolution establishing a standing Senate com
mittee on retrenchment, but giving it no special
duties to perform and no extraordinary powers
to seek out abuses. But Mr Trumbull persisted
in the open Senate in offering his resolution lay
ing out the work for the committee and giving it
authority to sand for persons and papers. A
caucus of republican senators on Friday agreed
upon a compromise, adopting part of Mr Trum
bull's resolution. But the Senate went still bet
ter, on Monday, directing the committee to un
dertake all the work Mr Trumbull's resolution
proposed, except the general subject of Civil ser
vice reform, and giving the extraordinary powers
it is desirable inch a committee should have. Tua
majority had the satisfaction, however, of naming
a very weak committee, consisting of Messrs
Buckingham of Ct., Howe of Wis., Pratt of Ind.,
Harlan of Ii„ Stewart of Nev., Pool of N. C. and
Bayard of Del. ,—containing, it will ba seen, not
one senator that was active in pressing the
retrenchment matter. Mr Pool subsequently
declined to serve, and it is to be hoped some
active reformer may yet be put on. The pretend
ed friends of the president have evidently found
nt that they did not represent his views in op
posing investigation, for now that it is ordered
they join with the reformers, and frequently lead>
even, in ordering so many investigations,—into
the New York custom-house and San Domingo
among the rest, —that mild Senator Buckingham
already protests that his committee has more
then it can do, —and perhaps it is the intention
of some senators to give it so much to do that it
will not accomplish anything. As for the presi
dent's position on civil service reform, his mes
sage transmitting to Congress the report of the
ciril service commission shows where he stands,
and it is no longer of any' consequence that the
Senate retrenchment, committee has not got to
consider that subject. The other principal subject
that has been before the Senate has been the
amnesty bill that passed the House last session,
and it appeared likely; to pass the upper branch
on Thursday. It is the bill introduced by Mr
Robertson of South Carolina, and exempts from
its provisions members of Congress in 1861, army
and navy officers that went into the rebellion,
and members of state legislatures that adopted
ordinances of secession. It is less generous than
the president’s recommendation or public senti
ment would support, but perhaps it offers as com
plete amnesty as Congress is yet prepared to give.
The resolution to give government workmen back
pay for the time their wages were reduced after
the eight-hour law first went into effect,
still hangs in the Senate, and will go over
til! after the holidays. The House has passed
the apportionment bill fixing the number
of members of that body at 288, and also Mr
Hoar’s bill directing the president to appoint a
labor commission. Bills appropriatings2so,oo3
for the expenses of the Genova commission, and
$62,000 for those of the mixei commission at
Washington have passed both branches; and the
House has passed a bill appropriating $27,000 to
pay the debts of the kuklux committee, and an
other appropriating $4,000,000 to rebuild the gov
ernment buildings in Chicago. The House has done
considerable business in the matter of recairing
new bills and resolutions or discussing old ones,
besides the matters mentioned; out it has been
work that does not count, and almost everything
was shoved over the holiday recess, as usual.
Both branches adjourned Thursday night till
January 8, and Thursday was devoted in the
House entirely to general debate. —Attorney
General Akerman sent in his resignation last
week, and tae Senate promptly confirmed the
nomination of ex Senator George H. Williams of
Oregon to the position.
Tuesday evening his colleagues in Congress
gave Governor-elect Washburn a farewell dinner,
and Wednesday the republicans of the ninth dis
trict, in convention assembled, at Greenfield,
nominated Col Alvah Crocker of Fitchburg for his
successor, the vote on the first and only ballot
standing, Crocker 124, H. G. Knight ofEast
hampton 40, S. T. Spaulding of Northampton
27, Charles A. Stevens of Ware 22, Prof J. H.
Seelye of Amherst 1. The day set by the gov
ernor for the special election in the district is
Tuesday, January 2.—The democrats of the
Kentucky legislature have nominated Thomas
C. McCreery for United States Senator, to succeed
Garrett Davis, March 4, 1873. Mr McCreery has
been in the Senate a short time before, where he
distinguished himself by casting the single soli
tary vote in favor of ratifying Keverdy Johnson’s
treaty with England —The special election or
dered in Georgia by the Legislature over the veto
of Acting Governor Conly, took place on
Wednesday, and resulted in the election of James
M. Smith for governor. The total vote
of the state was very light, and the republicans
seem to have generally stayed away from the
polls. As Gov Conly does not propose to
give up hie office without a struggle, there will
probably now be a long contest in the courts.—A
vigorous attempt has been made in the South
Carolina Legislature to impeach Gov Scott and
State Treasurer Niles for stealing and general
malfeasance in office, and it seems to have failed
because the leader of the movement was ex-
Congressman Bowen of unsavory memory, and
because Scott and Niles have stolen so much that
they are able to buy up some needy members of
the Legislature.
New interest has been given to the prosecution
of the ring thieves at New York this week, by
the knowledge that the grand jury of the court
of general sessions is making thorough work in
its investigations, and that it has found criminal
indictments not only against Tweed and Connol
ly, but against a great number of other persons,
some of whom have not been publicly known as
connected with the ring. Tweed was arrested on
the criminal charge on Friday, and Judge Bed
ford was I going to commit him to the Tombs
without bail, but Judge Barnard Interfered and
let him loose on *SOOO bail. Papers of arrest
have also been served on Connolly, whois still in
jail because be has been unable to furnish bonds
tu the civil suit, but as Judge Learned has re
duced the amount from one million to half a
million dollars, he would soon have been free
had it not been for the criminal charge. Judge
Learned refused to reduce the bail of Tweed in
the civil suit.— Strong combinations are now
making against the Erie ring, and its downfall is
likely to succeed that of Tammany very quickly.
—A sizable and vigorous ring having already
been discovered among the members of the new
city government if Chicago, a special grand jury
has been summoned to investigate, and if the
facts are as stated, to indict the guilty parties,
we trust.
The trial of Mrs Wharton, the alleged Balti
more poisoner, still continues, and it is not im
probable that she will be acquitted, not because
the testimony against her will allow anybody tq
believe her innocent, but because the prosecution
was fatally weak in its leading scientific witness,
I Prof Aiken, the chemist, who is not only behind
the aga in his methods of investigation, but con
tradiewd himself freely. It is quite generally
believed st Baltimore that Mrs Whartcn is in
sane, and that is certainly a charitable conclu
sion; but she refuses to allow the pieruf insanity
to be urged in court, declaring that she would
rather be convusaed.—Tnere were two bangings
in the country fwt week Friday, one at Cam
den, N. J., and the ether at Hillsboro, N. C.—
One kuklux has at last been convicted at Colum
bia, S. C, after several Weeks’ session of the
court devoted to the disetrssing of technicalities
by the lawyers. Several of accused have also
pleaded guilty, with the evident intention of
keeping the evidence about the kuklax I m go
ing to the country.
The Grand Duke Alexis is still in Canada, ar.d
is enjoying himself there, apparently, as he did
here, though the people do not make so much
fuss over him as the New Yorkers did, being
more used to princes, perhaps.—The Internation
al society of New York finally had its parade
last Sunday, the police authorities having
withdrawn their prohibition. It was a very quiet
affair, and only brought into prominence by the
unwise and halting action of the authorities.
The suspension of the Union square and Eighth
national banks, both small institutions, has fol
lowed the failure of the Ocean bank at New York,
and one small bank at Philadelphia, connected
with one of the others, has also failed. But
there seems to be no reason to apprehend farther
failures in these cities. Bank Examiner Callen
der at New York, who deceived the public about
the standing of the Ocean bank, to pay for crim
inal favors extended to himself, has been arrested
and held for trial in the sum of $20,000. It is to
be hoped he will be punished as he deserves.
The prince of Wales is going to get well after
all. His disease took a more favorable turn the
last of last week, and he is now progressing
rapidly toward complete convalescence, greatly
to the joy of his family and his loyal subjects.—
The to-be-famous Geneva conference met last
week Saturday. Count Selopis, the Italian mem
ber, was chosen president, the "case” of the
United States was presented in seven huge vol
umes, and the commission adjourned till the 15th
of June.—The Drleans princes have taken their
seats in the Assembly in France, and not a rippie
of excitement ensued, notwithstanding all the pre-1
liminary talk about their intention to do so. The j
trial of the Commune prisoners in France is pro- j
ceeding as fast as possible, but new courts have j
got to ba created to clear off the docket.—Spain
is in the midst of another ministerial crisis, but
that has come to be a matter of small interest.—
In consequence of the pacific address of the new
Austrian premier to the diplomatic representa
tives of that power, Russia has considered it
safe to furlough 50,C00 men of her army.—The
latest authentic news from Mexico shows that
affairs are still in a very unquiet condition there,
but Juarez seems likely to keep the upper hands
of the revolutionists, and keeps his seat for
another term.—There is tjo change in the situa
tion in Cuba, or in the attitude of our govern
ment toward that island and Spain.
Locally the week has been devoted to. the ap
propriate winter duties and amusements. A light
fall of snow, succeeded by days when the mercu
ry went to 6 degrees below zero, has given us a
capital spell of sleighing, and it looks now as
though it would remain for Christmas, for which
everybody has been busily preparing all the
week.—Among the more interesting happenings
in Springfield and vicinity have been the annual
meeting of the Hampden county agricultural
society, at the city hall, Wednesday, at which the
Springfield club made a great but fruitless effort
to capture the society, and especially Hampden
park; and the dedication, with appropriate cere
monies, ot the new town hall at Chicopee.—Gea
Horace C. Lee has been appointed postmaster of
this city, to succeed Mr Stowe, and our citizens
generally have reason to ba satisfied with him,
for he is the one the most of them petitioned for.
POLITICAL AND PERSONAL.
At the dinner to Governor elect Washbura at
Washington, Tuesday evening, the principal
speeches were made by Mr Washburn, Mr Col
fax, Secretary Boutwell, Senators Sumner and
Wilson, Speaker Blaine, Gen Cushing and Mr
Dawes and the reporters assure us they were
good ones, though they do not report them, the
occasion being of a private and social rather than
a public character. The correspondent of the
Boston Advertiser says: “The most perfect and
■sincere good feeling characterized all that was
‘said or done on the occasion, and it would not
‘be possible for any man in public sei rice to bear
‘from one field of labor to another more earnest
‘wishes for success and prosperity than does Gov
‘Washburn.’’ During the exercises the company
expressed unanimously the wish that the state of
Massachusetts obtain and send to Washington as
her contribution to the national collection of
statuary the statne of Samuel Adams, in addition
to that of Gov Winthrop, already determined on.
The leading candidates for the speakership of
the New York House of Representatives at the
approaching session, are Henry Smith of Albany,
Thomas G. Alvord of Syracuse, James G. Husted
of Westchester, L. Bradford Prince ol Queens, F.
SPRINGFIELD, MASS., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1871.
A Alberger of Erie, Horatio N. Twomblv of New
York city, and Robert 11. Strahan of Newburg.
The New York Legislature will have delicate
work to perform, this year, and it is of more im
portance than ever that the speaker of the As
sembly hould bo a strong as well as an honest
man. The republicans, who have the majority
now, should be satisfied with nothing short
of "the best
Gen Butler, who has acted verv handsomely
about the farewell dinner to Mr Washburn,—at
first taking an active part in getting it up to show
that he harbors no malice toward his colleague
for beating him in tbe gubernatorial race, and
then taking himself off to New York so that
Senators Sumner and Wilson could be invited to
help eat it,—has been trying, it seems, to reward
Gen Briggs of Pittsfield for his friendship last
fall. The appraisership in the Boston custom
house was to be the means, Mr Dorrance, the
present appraiser, being turned out for the pur
pose, and the fact that Gen Briggs is a towns
man of Mr Dawes, added zest to the plot. But
the remaining members of the Massachusetts
delegation, when asked to help, declined;
neither was Secretary Boutwell willing, and it is
understood that Gan Briggs will not be appraiser
just yet.
The voice of the republican press, almost with
out exception, whether Grant or anti-Grant, is
raised in deprecation and denunciation of the
conduct of the pretended friends of the president
in the Senate Iff ritistmp the proposedl investiga
tions and reforms of the cnJ serv.ee. No, a
journal in New England even apologize for the
course of Senators Conkling, Morton, and
Chandler, or sustains the majority in their
blundering efforts at thwarting the movement of
Mr Trumbull. The Boston Advertiser, the
Hartford Courant, the New Haven Palladium,
and the Concord (N. H.) Monitor, all conspicuous
for friendly feeling toward the president, are
especially earnest and hearty in this view of the
subject. The president's cause is undoubtedly in
great danger from the conduct of his immediate
advisers and.special friends in the Ssnate, and
the press are quick to see and exclaim against it.
Attorney General Akerman and his friends
seem to be ill-natured because of the crowding of
him out of the cabinet, and intimate that it was
done at the dictation of the Pacific railroad ring,
and that ho will not consent to be consoled by a
judicial appointment in the South. Undoubted
ly the railroad ring did make an effort, last win
ter, to drive both Akerman and Boutwell from
the government. But Boutwell was too strong,
both with himself and with the public, and so
not only saved himself but his weaker colleague.
But now that Congress has sustained the rail
roads'pretensions upon the treasury, there is
little or no motive for their continued persecution
of either of them, and we suspect the real reason
for the change in the attorney general’s office to
be the general conviction, both in political and
legal circles at Washington, that an abler man,
both politically and legally, was desirable.
The Grand Duke Alexis, though he is forced to
accept a good deal of free entertainment in this
country, evidently wants it understood that he is
abundantly able to pay his way, and does not in
tend to be a dead-beat. He has munificently
"tipped” the servants at all the hotels where lie
has stopped, and he signalized his temporary de
partnre from the country, for Canada, by send
ing SSOOO to be divided among the poor of New
York; also S2OOO to the Boston poor, and he
intends, it is said, to subscribe SSOOO to the Cni
cago relief fund. It is worth while to be a prince
when one is willing, as well as able, to make
such gifts as these.
Mr Charles Nordhoff. the late able managing
editor of the New York Evening Post, went to
California with his family, last week, to spend
the winter and the spring, and will utilize his
visit by the preparation of a series of articles for
Harper’s Monthly upon the various attractions of
that section of the country, and the comfortable
means for getting thither. These articles are to
be illustrated; and, while they are more or less
inspired by, and to be devoted to, the interests ci
California, and especially those es its great rail
road system and corporations, no one who knows
Mr Nordhoff can doubt that they will also be
both valuable and reliable in their information,
attractive in their style, and every way faithful
to the highest integrity of literature. Much as
has been seid and written of the nature and re
sources and developments of the Pacific coast,
much yet remains to be said and written and
read before the world will fully realize the true
extent and variety of their character.
Postmaster General Creswell, in his annual re
port, stated it as a strong argument in favor of
making the telegraph an appendage of the post
ofiica department in this country, that England
has tried the experiment of a postal telegraph
and derived a net revenue from it of more than
three millions of dollars the first year. The j
arithmetic man of the Tribune has been ciphering i
awav on the report of the accountant general of j
the British office, and figures out a loss of sl,-
740,091 for the year. That is another thing en-:
tirely. But even if the British government did;
make three millions a year out of the telegraph,
that is no valid argument to use in'Javor of the
establishment of the postal telegrapifnere.
Willard Hall, judge of the United States dis-1
trier court of Delaware, recently resigned his j
office at the age of 91 years. He had been for j
nearly half a century vontinuously on the
bench, and was the oldest man serving in so dis-1
tingnished and important a judicial capacity in
the United States. Sixty-nine years ago he en-:
tered upon the practice of the law. In 1816 lie I
was elected to Congress, and in 1818 re-elected.
In 1828 President Monroe appointed him United I
States district judge, and he had served without!
intermission to the time of his resignation, ex-■!
cept that within the last year failing health had I
prevented him from regularly attending to the j
duties of bis place.
Jesse R Grant, lather of the president, was
stricken with paralysis on Wednesday afternoon,
and fell to the floor at the Covington (Ky.) post
office. He remained insensible an hour, but was
able to sit up and converse some later in the af
ternoon.
MISVELLANEO Üb.
The steamer Florida, which has so long been
blockaded In the harbor of St Thomas by a Span
ish vessel of war, has finally been convoyed out
by the United States gunboat Shawmut, the
Spaniard making no attempt to interfere with
her departure. It will he remembered that the
Florida was libeled and detained in New York for
several mouths, on the ground that she was go
ing to carry arms to the Cuban insurgents. Sut
no case was made out against her, and she was
allowed to sail. Being obliged to put into St
Thomas, she was blockaded by a Spanish frigate,
as above stated, and seemed likely to furnish a
casus belli with Spain at any time. Finally the
government was induced to take steps in the
matter, by the announcement to the secretary of
the navy that the owner of the vessel bad given
peremptory orders by mail for the Florida to sail
at all hazards. Further complications were
avoided by the government sending telegraphic
orders to Havana for a war vessel to proceed to
St Thomas to escort the Florida in safety from
the harbor.
Those whose memories serve them well in the
history of Utah troubles, will recall the wicked
assassination of Dr J. R Robinson, in 1866. He
was a prominent Gentile and physician, a super
intendent of the Presbyterian Sunday school, and
a greatly respected eitizm, who had laid claim,
ur der the pre-emption laws, to a valuable piece
of property adjoining Salt Lake City, which the
Mormons were quite loth he should have, and
endeavored, but unsuccessfully, to bully him out
of. Thereupon he was called out of his house,
late one night, on the pretense of attending
to a man who had broken bls leg, and,
in the darkness of one of the back
streets, foully assassinated by a party of
men in disguise. The murder was always, and
with apparent reason, attributed to the Mormon
leaders, and under the recent encouragement
which the growth of the Gentile influence and
the more positive policy of the government have
given to the cause of justice and law in that
community, an effort has been made to ferret
out the murderers and bring them to justice. A
few days ago three men, one of them named An
drew Burt, a Mormon chief of police, were ar
rested for having a share in the assassination,
and otter participants are likely to bn also cap
tured*.Meantime, the widow of Dr Robinson has
been secured iu her own right to the property
that Ms disputed with her husband.
TLvgrand jury at Los Angeles, Cal., which has
been- investigating the anti-Cbinese riot there,
seems to have done its duty quite thoroughly.
Thi,sty-seven persons were indicted lor riot, and
twe-of these were also indicted for assault with
deadly weapons, and two for assault to commit
murder, and 25 for murder. Besides these, eight
Chinamen were also indicted for murder or for
assault to commit murder, making 45 indict
ments. The Jury say that the police were very
derelict in their duty, declare that the witnesses
examined were very reluctant to testify, and give
the opinion that the origin of the riot was to be
attributed to a long-existing feud between differ
ent Chinese companies. After the riot began,
the worst turner, ts of all classes of oociety mixed
in it, and, as the jury say, not only disgraced
‘civilization by their acts, but in their cruelty and
'in their savage treatment ot unoffending human
■beings, their eagerness for pillage and blood
■tbir.-tines’, exceeded the mi st barbarous races of
‘mankind It is to be hoped the courts will be
as prompt to punish the guilty as the grand jury
was to indict them.
C. MacriWt, who lost all his property by the
Chicago fire, committed suicide by shooting, Sun
day, and his wife went crazy at the eight of her
dead husband.
The department of agriculture gives the follow- j
ing as the condition of the cotton crop: The re
ports received in December are the same in tenor
as the November reports. A fair rendering of
recent local estimates, which have been unusual
ly numerous and complete, gives It 400,000 bales
as the present expectation of the cotton yield of
1871. The yield in corn is greater in 1871 than
in any former year. The states in which the
vield is below the average are Maine, Vermont,
New Y’ork, Maryland, North Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Alabama. Mississippi, Texas, West Vir
ginia, Kentucky, Michigan, California and Ore
gon. The states in which the yield equals the
average are New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
Rhede Island, Connecticut, New Jersey, Penn
svlvania, Delaware, Virginia, South Carolina,
Missouri, Illinois, Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
lowa, Kansas and Nebraska. The states in which
the quality compares favorably with last year
are Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut,
Delaware, Virginia, Missouri, Wisconsin, Minne
sota, Kansas, Nebraska and Oregon.
Hilliard Farrington, alias Clark, one of the re
cently arrested robbers of the Southern express
company on the Mobile and Ohio railroad, was
drowned on Friday while alternating to escape j
from an Ohio river steamboat. Farrington made J
a desperate assault on Detective Pinkerton, whose
life was saved by Officer Conwell. It is reported
that Levi Farrington, brother of Hilliard, was ar-1
rested at Farmington, HI., on Friday, after a ter- j
rible struggle.
A fiendish murder was committed at Lake Vil- i
lage, Chicot county, Ark .on Monday, by two
white men, who killed G. W. Wynn, a young
colored lawyer. The murder grew cut of politi-
cal differences. Intense excitement prevails, and I
hundreds of armed men are pouring into the i
town. It is feared that the murderers will be j
taken from the jail and lynched.
A terrible accident occurred on Friday morn
ing on the Boonton branch of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western railroad. The Oswego
express train, which left Hoboken, N. J., at 8:15
a. m., when between Passaic and West Paterson, I
N. J., ran into a coal train, smashing both en
gines and several cars. It was at first reported
that four passengers, two firemen and a brake
man were killed and a large number wounded;
but later reports show that Jackson Andrews,
the fireman of the coal train, was the only person
killed. Engineer Burdick, of the passenger I
train, was seriously hurt and two or three others
were slightly wounded.
The overturn in the New England society of j
New York was engineered by Stewart L. Wood- i
ford; but it does uot appear what was the mo-
live, beyond a disposition to make the organiza- j
tion more democratic. Elliot C. Cowdin is the i
new oresident, and S. H. Wales of the Scientific
American one of the new vice presidents. Col
Howe retires.
Col James Montgomery, who was conspicuous
in the Kansas free state struggles, lately died at
his home in that state. He was tue friend and
confidant of John Brown, and during his impris
onment in Virginia he secretly headed a party io
go to the old hero’s rescue, but abandoned the
project when he saw its hopelessness. He ws s
also one of the bravest Union leaders in the re
bellion.
The residence of John Elsall at Ridgefield, N
J., was robbed on Thursday nigtt ot bonds,
money, notes, ere., valued at SIOO,OOO. Chloro
form was administered by the burglars to Mr Ed
sall, who was $8 years of age, and always slept
with a pistol under bis head.
Afire on Ellison street, Paterson, N. J.,Thurs
day night, destroyed the Reformed church, Buck
ley's stationery store, Peaget’s jewelry store,
Heddon’s shoe store, and four dwelling houses;
loss over SIOO,OOO.
The bill repealing woman suffrage in Wyoming
territory, after passing the House-over the gov
ernor’s veto, failed to pass iu the Council—the
upper house.
Enoch Riley and Johie Cotton, two prominent
citizens of Pineville, Ala., and fathers of large
families, lately fell out, and fought each other
with shot guns. Both were killed at the first fire.
RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE.
CHURCH AND MINISTRY.
Rev J. H. Waterbury ot Le Roy, N. Y., has re
ceived a call to the Episcopal church at Green
field.—Rev W. W. Parker of Haydenville is tak
ing a long leave of absence on account of ill
health.—Rev Mr Closson of Gardner has accept
ed a cal! to the Universalist church at Marble
head.—Rev Louis B. Voorhees has been ordained
over the Congregational church in North Way
mouth.—Rev Ellery Channing Butler has a-xs pt
ed a call to the First church at Beverly Rev Dr
Nicholson of Boston has been called to an Epis
copal church at Newark, N. J.—Rev E. H.
Haynes of Fall River has accepted a call to a
church in Brooklyn, N. Y.— Rev Dr Pollard, for
22 years pastor of the Winthrop street Baptist
church at Taunton, has accepted a call to the
Fourth street Baptist church in South Boston.—
Rev Dr 8. C. Thrall of will become
pastor of the Calvarv chu ch at Sedalia, Mo.,
next Sabbath.—Rw J. H uton his been in
stalled over the North Bap i., enurch at Ux
bridge.—Rev J. M<ore of the Lawrence Unitarian
church has resigned.— The revival at Fairhaven,
Ct., still contiunes, and has reached nearly every
family in the place —Rev A. S Fiske of Rock
ville, Ct., has accepted a call to Rochester, Ct-
Rev II H. McFarland of New Haven, Ct., is
supplying the pulpit at the Church of the Pil
grims in Brooklvn while Ksv Dr Storrs is in Eu
rope. —Rev Mr Hungerford of Colchester, Ct., has
accepted the call to Meriden, Ct —A revival oi
I religion is taking place at Inion, Ct.—Rev K O.
i S McNrille of the East Congregational church at
N>w Haven has resigned The Congregational
church at Goshen, Ct., has called Kev Mr Hosen
of Lee —A special religious interest is now being
manifested at the Methodist church tn Middle
bury, Ct.—Rev B. F Shaw of Waterville, Me
has been called to the Baotist church In Augusta,
Me.—Kev E. K. Sanborn of the Universalist
church at Concord, N. 11., has been called to the
Free Congregational church in Bloomington, 111,
at a salary of S2OOO —Rev 8. B. White of Pond
ville, Vt., has accepted a call to the Baptist
church in Vershire, Vt —Rev 8- W. Rav has be
come p*«tor of St John's church a’ Wellsville
N. Y Rev Dr Cart-titer of the Polytechnic
chapel at Brooklvn, N Y., has accepted a call to
San Francisco.—Rev J. P. Dysart of West Frost
wright, N. Y., has accepted a call to the Spraeue
Presbyterian church of Albany, N. Y.—The
Methodist Sabbath school at Poestenkill, N. Y.,
although only three weeks old, has already 100
scholars —The wife of Bar C G Ames of San
Jose, Cal., who has recently visited Boston, has,
during his aosence, supplied his pulpit and at
tended to her household duties besides.
Rev Nelson Scott has been installed over the
Congregational church in East Granville, both
Congregational churches in Westfield taking
part in the council. —A new and beau
tiful chapel of the Broadway church in Somer
ville was recently dedicated on the stb aaniver
-ary of the burning of the former house.—Rev
William T. Sleeper of Sherman mills, M»., has
removed to Cari^u, Me., and will preach to the
Congregational society there and at Fort Fair
field, Me —Rev A. Lincoln of New Bedford is
supplying the churches at Harnson and North
Bridgeton, Me—Rev George Jackson of Michi
gan has been called to the Congregational church
at Robbinston, Me.—Rev N. Newton Glszierof
Central Falls, R 1., has accepted a call to the
Baptist church at Montpelier, Vt —Rev T. N.
Glover has been ordained pastor of the First Uni
versalist church at Williston, Vt.—A vigorous re
vival is in progress at the Baptist church in
Moosup, Ct. Over 30 have professed conversion
and 13 were baptized on Sunday.—An extraordi
nary religious interest has been awakened in the
Congregational church at Fairhaven, Ct., and 90
converts will be admitted to the church the first
Sabbath in January —Prof T. N. Haskell of the
New England church at Aurora, 111., and former
ly of East Boston, has been dismissed by his
church —Rev Jonathan Wadhams, a graduate of
Williams college in 1867, has lately t-een settled
over a church at Oswego, III —T. Parsons Sawin,
Jr., a son of Rev T. P. Sawin of Revere, has
been ordained pastor of the Congregational
church iu Racine, Wis. —Eider Knapp has at last
planted bis feet in Brooklyn, the city of churches,
and taken a down town house of worship, which
had been abandoned for a more popular field,
where he intends to labor through the winter.—
Rev Dr Osgood of New York, who left the Uni
tarians for the Eoiscopalians, is to be called to
Christ church in Fifth avenue, vacated by Rev Mr
Ewer.
A QUAKEIt REVIVAL.
An anomaly in religious history is taking place i
at Brooklyn, N. Y., being nothing less than a re- j
vival among the Quakers. This sect, which since
the days of George Fox has lived right on, shun-.
ning wars, lawsuits and political complications;
giving the world a splendid example of integrity j
and ikir-dealing, and showing it at last that hu-I
inanity is capable of a great deal more godliness
than it has attained, has seemed to lack deserved I
church prosperitv, because adhering strictly to the 1
‘•lea, verily” doctrine, and never allowing the
extravagance of religion, which all other sects
make use of at times, to enter its ranks. They
may have been right, but they have suffered for j
it, and are now on another tack, equaling even j
the Methodist gatherings in zeal and fervor. Tae
leader of the movement is J. Henry Douglass of i
Indiana, the most eloquent preacher of the soci- I
ety,who feeling that his sect was dying out,has en-1
ergetically taken this course to revivify it. Both
men and women are working harmoniously and
earnestly and Sunday schools, oral prayers, ris-;
ing for prayers, and all the paraphernalia of a i
revival, with impassioned appeals to sinners,
mark the new movement. The results are likely i
to be important, and as the Quakers have al-I
ways constituted an element for the highest good
in government and society, we can only say "God
speed-’’’
MISCELLANEOUS.
The annua! business meeting of Plymouth
church, Brooklyn, was recently held, at which j
Rev Mr Halliday, Mr Beecher’s assistant, said I
that during the year he had visited 2341 persons
and attended 568 services. He had had no orders j
from the church excepting instruction from Mr
Beecher to act as a lightning rod to keep beggars I
from him. He bad constazit applications that:
Mr Beecher used to have, and he knew that Mr
Beecher had given away thousands of dollars,
not being able to investigate, and often the do
nation had been better burned. (Groan from Sir
Beecher.) In the musical department rhe salaries
naid to soloists and director amounted to S7OOO.
The admissions to the church for the year were
206; removed by letter and death, etc 72. The
total membership of the church at present is
2116—males, 825; females. 1'291. The Sunday
school membership is 1038; the Bethel mission,
1098; the navy mission, 2340. The income from
pew rents for the year is $56,774; the general col-
lections of the church have amounted to $17,882;
Plymouth school collections, $3871; total collec-
tions, $29,004; the total income, SBS 778.
There are signs of rebellion against the church
svstem of England. A curate who has been a
clergyman tor 14 years, with no chance for prefer-;
ment. as he has no influential friends, writes to
the Church Record: “Come what will, dises
tablishment or disendowment if necessary, away
with a state of things injurious to religion acd
antagonistic to j ustice!” Ocher curates, he says,
arc of this way of thinking, and if the church
were disestablished, brains might stand some
chance against family connection, influence or
purchase. The Record is horrified at these dread
ful sentiments. They “savor more of the Com
munism of Paris, or the International union,
than ot evangelical Christianity.” In the same
nnmber of the Record an “advowson" is offered
for sale, worth £44& a year, with a nice rectory
and a glebe of 40 acres; all to be had, cure of
souls included, for a certain amount of hard
cash. Brains or niety of no account whatever.
If the curates of England could.on y stop playing
croquet, and toadying for patrons, they could
soon upset such simoniacal arrangements.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
REPORT OF TRE COMMISSION.
The Prvaideßi'e Mriaagt-.
HE ADOPTS THE RI LES ESTABLISIUU BY THE
COMMISSION, AND WILL PVT THEM INTO
OPERATION ON TBS IST OF JANUARY.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
In accordance with the act of Congress approved
March 3,1571,1 convened a commission of emi
nent gentlemen to devise rales and regulations
for the purpose of reforming the civil service.
Their labors are now complete, and I transmit
herewith their report, together with the rules
which thev recommend for mv action. These
rules have been adopted, and will go into effect
on the Ist day of January, IS7 J
Under the law referred W, as I interpret it, the
authorin’ is already invested in the executive to
enforce these regulations, with full power to
abridge, alter or amend them at his ontion, when
changes raav be deemed advisable. These views,
together with the report of the commissioners,
are submitted for your careful consideration as
to whether further legislation may be necessary
in order to carry out an effective and beneficial
PRICE: fIVK CENTS
•3.00 PER YEAR.
eivll service reform. If left to me without far
ther congression zl action, the rules prescribed Ity
the commission, under the reservation already
mentioned, will be faithfully executed. But they
are not binding, without further legislation, or
my successors.
Being desirous of bringing this subject to the
attention of Congress before rhe approaching re
cess, 1 have not time to sufficiently examine the
accompanying report to enable me to suggeet
definite legislative action to Injure the support
which may be necessary in order rogive a thorough
trial to a policy long needed. I ask for ah the
strength which Congress can give me to enable
me to carry out the reform in the eivil service
recommended by the commission and adopted,
to take effect, as before stated, on January 1,1372.
The law which provides for the convening of a
crimmission to devise rules and regulations lor
reforming the civil service authorizes, I think,
the permanent organization of a primarv board,
under whose general directions all examinations
of applicants for public office shall be conducted.
There is no appropriation to continue such a
board tieyond the termination of iu present la
bors. I therefore recommend that a proper ap
propriation be made to condone the services of
the present board for another rear, and, tn view
of the fact that three of the members of the board
hold a position in the public service which pre
cludes them from receiving extra compensation
under existing laws, that they be authorized to
receive a fair compensation for the extra service
rendered by them in performance f this duty.
U. 8. Gbaxt.
The Rules Adopted Bv the Commission.
A COMPREHENSIVE SCHEME OF REFORM.
No. I—No person shall be admitted to any po
sition in the civil service within the appointment
of the president or the heads of departments,
who is not a citizen of the United States, who
shall not have furnished satisfactory evidence in
regard to his character, health and age, and who
shall not have passed a satisfactory examination
in speaking, reading and writing the English
language.
No. 2—An advisory board of suitable persons,
—to be employed by the president, under the
section of the act of March 3,1871, entitled “An
act making appropriations for sundry civil ex
penses of ihe government for the fiscal year er fl
ing June -30, 1872, and for other purposes,"—
shall, so far as is practicable, group the positions
in each branch of the civil service according to
the character of the duties te be performed, and
shall grade each group from the lowest to the
highest for the Durpose of promotion within the
groups. Admission to the civil service shall al
ways oe to the lowest grade of any group, and
to such positions as cannot be grouped or graded
admission shall be determined as provided for
the lowest grade.
No. 3—A vacancy occurring n the iowest
grade of any group of offices shali be filled afur
due public notice from ail applicants who shall
present themselves, and who shall have furnished
the evidences and satisfied the preliminary ex
amination already mentioned, and who shall
have passed a public competitive examination
to test their knowledge, ability and special
qualifications for the duties of the office. The
board conducting sues competitive Examination
shad prepare, under the supervision of the ad
visory board, a list of the names of applicants in
the order of their excellence as proved by such
examination, beginning with the highest, and
shall then certify to the nominating or appoint
ing power, as the case may be, the names stand
ing *a' the head of such list, not exceeding three,
arid from the names thus certified the appoint
ment shall be made.
No. 4—A vacancy occurring in any grade of a
group of officers, the lowest si all be died by
competitive examination of applicants from other
trades of that group, and the list of names from
which the appointment is to be made shall be
prepared and certified as provided in the preced
ing rule; but if no such applicants are found
competent, the appointment shall be open, and
the examination of all the employes shall be con
ducted in accordance with the previsions tor ad
mission to the lowest grade.
No. s—Applicantss—Applicants certified or otherwise quali
fied for appointment as cashiers of collectors of
customs, cashiers of assistant treasurers, cashiers
of postmasters, superintendents of the money or
der division in post-offices, and such other custo
dians of large sums of money as may hereafter
be designated by the advisory board, and for
whose pecuniary fidelity another officer is respon
sible, shall, nevertheless, not be appointed ex
cept with the approval of such other officer.
No- 6—Postmasters whose annual salary is let a
than S2OO may be appointed upon the written re
quest ot the applicants, with such evUeaee f
character and fitness as shall be satisfactory to
the head of the department.
No. 7 —The appointment of ail persons enter
ing the civil service in accordance with these
regulations, executing persons appointed by the
president by and wita the advice ard consent of
the Senate, the appointments of p «tmasters and
persons appointed to any position in a foreign
country, shall be made for a probationary term
of six months, during which the conduct and
capacity of such persons shall be tested, and if,
at the end of such probationary term, satiemc
torv proefs of their fitness shall have been fur
nished by the board of examiners to the head of
the department in which they stall have been
employed daring said term, they shall be re
appointed.
No. B—The president will designate three per
sons in each department of the public sei vita to
i serve as aboard of examiners, which, under the
supervision of the advising board, and under the
regulations to be prescribed by it. and at such
i times and places as it may determine, shall con
duct, personalis- or by persons approved by the
advising board', a'l investigations a d examina
tions for admission into said departments, or for
promotion therein.
No. 9—Any person who. after long and faithtnl
service tn a'department, shall be incapacitated
by mental or bodily infirmities for the efficient,
discharge of the duties of the position, may be
appointed by the head of the department, at hia
I discretion, to a position of less responsibility in
I the same department.
No. 10 —Nothing in these rules shall prevent,
the appointment of aliens to positions tn the
consular service which, br reason of the small
compensation or other sufficient cause, are, in tt&
judgment of the apt Minting power, necessarily sc.
fill d, nor the appointment of such persons with
in the United States as ere indispensable to the
proper discharge of the duties of certain positions*
I but who may not be familiar with the English
j language or really capable of naturalisation.
I No. 11—No head of a department, nor ury
subordinate efficer of the government, sbsul, aa
such officer, authorice or permit or assist in lay
ing any assessment of money for political pur
poses, under the form of voluntary ccntmbmions
or otherwise, upon any person emplovsd under
his control, nor shall any such person pay any
money so assessed.
No. 12— The advisory board shall a: any tune
recommend to the president such changes in
these rules as it may consider necessary to secure
the greater efficiency of the civil service.
From the rules are excepted beads of depart
ments. assistant secretaries of departments, the as
sistant attorney general, first assistant postmas
ter general, solicitor general, solicitor of the
treasure, naval solicitor, solicitor of internal rev
enue, examiner of claims In the state department,
treasurer of the United States, register of the
treasury, the first and swond controllers cf the
treasury, judges of ths United S ates courts, dis
trictattorneys, the private secretaire of the presi
dent, embassadors and other public "ministers,
the superintendent cf the coast survey. the direc
tors of the mints, governors of tani ones, special
commissioners, special annus; vU ting ami ex
amining boards, persons appointed to position#
without compensation for srni.ee, and brarerx
i of dispawbee.