K wr,» w II11—atmaammmmmmtmmmm
mt ^ionffr. i
^JAMES B. FEROUSOnTEditor"
Itridgelon, October 13, 1871.
THE ISSUES OF THE CONTEST.
It appeal's to be inherent in human na~
ture to fight over some question or other.
If there is no question naturally presenting
itself, then it gets up one. If it cannot
raise the issue about things, then it raises it
about men. If it does not como easily
about in this way then it begins the war
over words. War it will have about some
thing or other. Sometimes it is initiated
over wrongs which need retrieval, sometimes
about men whom it believes ought to be set
up or pulled down, and sometimes over
words whose insults sting, or whose noble
sentiments exalt. Sometimes over all these
tilings combined, but always tear. Like all
other things in nature, if this be kept within
its appropriate natural boundaries it is
good. The destruction of the rushing tor
rent is an evil, but the aggressive How of
the waters is a blessing. Stagnation with
its miasma of corruption is worse than even
the torrent's violence, though the gentle
collisions of the advancing stream are best
of all. Nowhere lias this phase of things
displayed itself with more pertinacity than
in the realm of politics. Nowhere indeed
has its violence been more needed. Let po
litical waters lie still, in the repose of un
questioned acquiescence for but six months,
and they breed more active corruption than
a Southern New Jersey swamp will of gnats
and mosquitoes. Instinctively the people
feel this to be so, and as instinctively they
keep up a war over it. So long as the par
ties are tolerably evenly balanced there is
generally war enough between them to get
up such storms as will purify the political
atmosphere, though eveu then there is foul
ness enough iu the centre to make a little
private fighting both desirable and certain.
Iu our State the parties occupy this relative
__il...S 4l.c
or UCB11J MW.....VVV.
shrewdest politicians often feel themselves
at fault in any accuracy of predicted suc
cess. Very much more than in most other
States does the result depend upon the is
sues which are presented, and the men who
are candidates, and, in despite of all that is
said against New Jersey her legislation is
purer than most others from this very
cause. Just now the prominent iituc be
fore the people in the elections close at
hand is the leasing of our prominent rail
roads to the Pennsylvania Central. Men
are taking sides upon it, and candidates are
avowing their sympathies and beliefs. Ex
actly what shaping the question will take it
is impossible to say, but it is certain that
political aspirants are ranging themselves
upon one side or the other. What the peo
ple will say about it remains to be told, but
ou a question of such magnitude it is fair
to believe they will say tomething, and there
is not much doubt but that this may be one
of the issues of the contest. After this
these issues are made up largely of the gen
eral political principles involved in the or
ganization of Republicanism and Democ
racy. Upon these the opinions of the peo
ple are pretty well settled, and the battle
resolves itself in the evenness of party num
bers, into the capability, the character, the
strength, and courage of the men who may
be selected as standard bearers for the re
spective parties. In this it is but fair to
say that both parties have selected men foi
Gubernatorial candidates who may fairly
challenge the respect of their fellow-men.
Mi. W alsh possesses a strength of natun
and cliaraetev not often accorded to men.
and it is no disparagement to Mr. Parker to
say that in this Mr. Walsh is superior. It
is of course known to our readers that w*
are an earnest advocate for the election o!
the latter gentlemen, believing that just
such a vigorous administration as he is cer
tain to exercise will be of the greatest valut
to the State. If as appears, tjjp issues in
volve no national questions of positive
stamp—if the parties are balanced with tol
erable evenness—if both the candidates are
men of good repute—then it seems to u
that the fullest amount of intelligent vigoi
which may be displayed will carry the day.
In this regard Mr. Wa'.6h stands pre-emi
nent, and if his party work with him in
anything like a correspondent form, the
chauces are certainly largely in his favor.
THE ELECTIONS.
State elections were held on Tuesday last
in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa,
all of which were carried by the Republicans
by largely increased majorities. The con
test in Pennsylvania was especially bitter,
and much hard work was done by both
parties to bring out their vote. In Phila
delphia there were more votes polled than
ever before at a municipal election, and the
fight between the two parties was exceed
ingly bitter. Riot was the order of the day
and in many of the wards open bloodshed
was the result. William S. Stokely, Repub
lican caudidate for Mayor, was elected by
8.000 majority. William B. Mann, Repub
lican candidate for District Attorney, was
elected over Furman Sheppard, Democrat,
by 1,235 majority. The entire Republican
city ticket was elected by majorities avera
ging from three to twelve thousand.
Throughout the State of Pennsylvania a
heavy vote was polled, and the Republicans
made heavy gains. The Legislature will be
Republican in both blanches, and the State
ticket of that party is carried by 20,000 ma
jority.
In Ohio the Republicans Lave made a
clean sweep, and carried their State and
Legislative tickets, electing General Noyes
Governor, by more than 30,000 majority.
The city of Columbus alone gives him
15.000 majority, and Cincinnati, Cleveland,
and other cities, swell the Republican col
umn. Large gains are reported throughout
the State.
Iowa elects the solid Republican ticket by
about 40,000 majority. Col. Carpenter, the
Republican candidate for Governor, runs
considerably ahead of his former majority.
The Legislature is almost unanimously Re
publican.
From Newark, New Jersey, we have news
that tlie whole Republican city ticket is
elected, by 1200 majority, a Republican
gain of 1,000 votes over the election of I860.
The new Common Council stands 21 Re
publicans and 9 Democrats. The Board of
Education, 23 Republicans and 6 Democrats.
The Concert.—Our readers must not
forget the grand concert of the “Vox Pop
uli Glee Club” of Philadelphia, to be given
in Grosscup’s Hall, Wednesday evening
next, for the benefit of the Bridgeton Li
brary. In the midst of the excitements of
politics it is well to turn aside occasionally
to enjoy an entertainment like this. Con
certs of so grand a character as this are sel
dom given in our city, and since the partic
ipants have volunteered their services for
the benefit of so good a cause, we hope our
citizens will show a lively appreciation of
their generosity, and come out in force to
give them a cordial greeting. Programmes
and tickets can now be obtained at the
places advertised. See advertisement in
anol her column.
vr Rev. H. Watson will preach in the
Laurel Street Methodst Church of this city,
e\\ Sunday afternoon and evening next.
CHICAGO.
TERRIBLE CONFLAGRATION.
THE CITT IN RUINS—12,000 BUILDINGS DE
STROYED—100,000 TEOFLE HOMELESS.
MILES OF SHOULDERING ASHES.
Chicago, Oct. 10—1 A. M..—A great fire
broke out in this city on Saturday and con
tinued up to Tuesday of tliisHreck, raging
during the whole time with tremendous
fury. The fire started at about 11 o'clock,
in a large planing-mill, situated between
Clinton and Canal and YanBuren and Jack
soil streets. The wind was blowing very
fresh, and the flames spread with almost in
credible rapidity, and in a few minutes the
entire structure was a mass <}f fire. The
immediate vicinity-is built up mainly with
small wooden tenement houses, and two
story frame buildings, occupied as grocer
ies, saloons, etc. The inmates of many of
these houses had barely time to rush out in
their night attire, leaving their goods to de-'
struotion. Many persons perished in the
flames.
When the alarm sounded for this tiro, an
other of considerable magnitude was burn
ing on Wells street, near Adams, and seve
ral engines were necessarily kept at work
upon this fire. Before the engines arrived,
the fire had spread over so large an area,
and was so rapidly spreading, that efforts
seemed of little avail. Not r. house at this
time is left standing north of Twelfth street
to Division street, and only two elevators
are left, tlioso belonging to Muudell and
Charles Scott. The people, heretofore,
buoyed up by the extraordinary excitement,
are now despairing. There is absolute hun
ger in thousands of oases. The city, more
particularly in the businoss portion, is a
mass of seething, blackened ruins, and des
olation reigns everywhere.
In addition to the reported destruction of
theatres, hotels, business houses, and dwell
ings, we have to announce the total loss ol
over twenty churches of various denomina
tions, a large number of which were among
the finest church edifices in the West. The
splendid building of the Tribune newspaper
1 I- «__.....
IIA U lieu 1UV. ii tl tliv» vw>«uruv>vu
proof, lias succumlied to the fury of the
flames, and exists only in a mass of rubbish.
It is impossible at this hour to ascertain
the loss of life, but it is roughly estimated
that at least one hundred persons, men,
women, and children, have perished in tlie
flames or by the falling walls. Without
water and without provisions, the houseles
eitizens are suffering terribly, both from
hunger and cold. General Sheridan is
doing everything in his power to give as
sistance to the homeless, and in a few hours
l-elief will be at band from our sister cities,
who are nobly responding to the cry for
help which goes up like a great wail from
the ruins of our devastated city. Between
twelve and fifteen thousand buildings have
been destroyed, and Chicago is a ruin.
The tire still rages with great fury, and
it seems to be impossible to cheek tlie
(lames. The Court House, Slierman House,
and other hotel buildings have been de
stroyed. The Michigan Central Railroad,
and Illinois Central Railroad depots have
been completely burned down. Tlie Cham
ber of Commerce building, Western Union
telegraph office, and many magnificent
stores in the vicinity, are all destroyed. In
order to prevent the spread of the flame?
southward among the finest blocks in the
city, a large amount of powder was brought
from tlie arsenal and a numl>er of whoh
blocks of buildings blown up, so as to pre
vent the extending of tlie flames to tl i
more valuable property in tlie neighborhood.
The loss thus far will reach many million?
of dollars, and thousands have been ren
'ered homeless.
Later.—Oct. 10—1 P. M.—Additional de
spatches from Chicago represent the devas
tion by the lire as most deplorable. The
flames still successfully resist all efforts to
eheck their progress. Tlie fire lias swept
everything from the Chamber of Commerce
to tlie lake, and tlience to the Chicago
river. The entire business portion of the
city is in ruins. In answer to a despatch
from the Mayor of Chicago, about two
thirds of tlie Cincinnati fire department
were sent by special train to the relief of
the burning city. The Mayor lias tele
graphed to all tlie surrounding cities for as
sistance and supplies. They are being for
warded as rapidly as possible.
A despatch from tlie distressed city just
received states that all the telegraph offices,
ourt House, Custom House, Slierman
House, Briggs House, Treinont House,
Post Office. Board of Trade Buildings, Pa
cific Hotel, Field Hotel, d^pot of the Rock1
Island and Cincinnati Railroad Company,
and many other large buildings, are totally
destroyed. The extensive dry goods estab
lishment of Messrs. J. B. Farwell Co. is
destroyed, and in fact every building is
burnt out from Twelfth street north, nnd
from the court on the west clear through to
the lake. All of the city banks are burned
down, and the whole of the business part
of the city is destroyed. The fire is raging
still with relentless fury, and the water sup
ply has given out. The firemen are all ex
hausted, and the citizens despair of clieck
ng the flames.
Later Still—New York, Oct. 10—4 P. M.
—The Western Union Telegraph Company
furnishes the following :—St. Louis has just
had communication with Chicago. The op
erator reports a heavy rain there last night,
and that the fires are are all out. One
fourth of the city is burnt and in ruins. In
the west division Taylor and Halsted streets
are swept to the northeast and south, burn
ing the entire area of five square miles from
Halsted north to the river, and from the
river east to Lake Michigan. The fire then
crossed the river to the north side and
swept uninterruptedly to Lincoln Park, ta
king in its way churches, schools, and dwel
ling. No busiress houses are left in the
south division. All the railroad depots,
theatres, newspaper offices, including the
Tribune, Post, Times, Journal, Mail, 'Ad
lung, Union, and Advance; the Water
Works, and Gas Works, went early in the
night. Steam engines arrived from Mil
waukee, but were useless. A fearful loss of
life was occasioned by the falling of walls.
A vain attempt was made to tear down the
blocks near the fire to check the flames. Ten
thousand business men will be compelled to
make assignments, and an insurance crash
is inevitable. Desolation and sorrow uni
versally prevail.
Fire-proof buildings burned like tinder
especially the banks, not one of which re
mains. Few business houses saved even
their papers. The whole population were
busy all niglit. The streets are now like a
bivouac with sleeping men. The loss of
it is impossible to estimate, The shipping
was ordered into the north branch of the
river, and were then sent adrift into Lake
Michigan. Many of the vessels were
burned. Tremendous efforts were made to
save the Tribune and Post, as well as tlio
City Hall and Government Buildings but
nothing remains but blackened "stones and
crackling cinders. No papers can be pub
lished until type comes froih' elsewhere,’as
the type fbundries were also burned- The
origin of the fire was in a liable, where a
woman took a kerosene .lamp at milking time.
A large number of firemen were killed.
All did their duty nobly, but streams of
water in the burning blooks were like foun
tain jets against the kwfal heat <ff the Con
flagration. The new hotel, eight or nine
stories high, just completed, sent up pyra
mids of solid flame, making Lake Michigan
ruby-colored for miles aroftnd the burning
bridges along the river swinging a graceful
arch of fire from shore to shore, and buru
iug ships sailed iu crimson writers. All t-hjj
chuTcbes in the south division, the Cgnvdht
of Morey, all the railroad huildingjyuKl
front mansions on Michigan and vi'ab&sh
avenues are gone. The very pavements
are burned.
Ou tho receipt of the news in the large
cities and towns of tho nation large sums of
money and immense quantities of clothing
qudjyod jyerc. immediately scut tp tlusjjuf-,
fering" inhabitants.
Milwaukee, St. Louis. Detroit, Louis"
ville, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cinciuatti,
Boston, San Francisco, Newark, Elizabeth,
and many other cities responded nobly to
the call for help, and forwarded large,
amounts of. money and food to tho Mayor,
^pf Chicago. Governor Randolph of New
Jersey also issued a proclamation calling on
the people of the State to extend,their aid
and sympathy in behalf of the afflicted and
suffering of the ill-fated city.

THE PILGRIM.
This name lias been given to a moral and
religious exhibition, founded upon Pilgrim’s
Progress. It consists of a pleasing display
under various colored lights, and with mod
ern scenic effects of fifty-four Paintings,
which in size are the largest, and in reputa
tion the best specimens of art now before
the public. They are all original and l>y
tho most celebrated artists. In no part of
the world is their equal to be seen. Com
mendatory articles of the highest order
have appeared in all tho secular and relig
ious papers of the greatest cities where The
Pilgrim has been shown and perhaps the
mere enumeration of these cities and the
unpara’ellod number of exhibitions given,
present all the facts you will require 10 sus
tain the claims of merit ami character we
present. More Ilian this, we hope not only
so sec otir readers at the exhibition, but
hope that all Will take active part in ma
t-innr tho ovhihitiims r:t n (1 kiiooogc
The transition scene which closes The
Pilgrim Exhibition is deeply impressive, a
gem of scenic art, and a beautiful allego
rical representation of Death and Heaven.
It occupies a large stage.
Almost every trial and conflict of life is
illustrated in this Exhibition, and that, too,
in a manner so skillful that you will be tire
better for coming under its influence.
It is a positive benefit to spend an eve
ning at The Pilgrim, and will be the
source of pleasing reflection all through
life. To frequent this entertainment often
is to store the mind and heart against loss
by the fires of imagination. Remember the
exhibition, Monday evening next, in the
Central 31. E. Church, continuing for five
consecutive nights.
PREPARE FOR A CONFLAGRATION.
The terrible fire in Chicago, of which a
full account is given in another column,
should impress upon our citizens the impor
tance of immediate preparation for the con
flagration which sooner or later will visit
our fair city.
A waterworks with all the necessary fire
ipparatus could be had at a cost not ex
ceeding that of a few of our largest build
ings with their contents, and the invest
ment would pay a good percentage. Every
building in the city would be supplied with
water, and the income would repay the city
or company owning the works. In case of
m extensive fire, with waterworks there
would be a strong probability of saving the
city, but with no more facilities than those
now at our command, if a fire should take
place in a central locality and get under
headway with a high wind in an unfavora
ble direction there would be no possibility
of preventing the destruction of a conside
rable portion of the city. Such a tire may
iccur, and perhaps not until then will our
capitalists and city authorities see the im
portance of facilities to prevent such calam
ities.
To Republicans —A Fact.—On the af
ternoon of the day of our late County Fair,
as a reliable and well-known gentlemen of
the Second Ward, was passing up Fayette
Street, West Bridgeton, he chanced to meet
Joel Parker, the Democratic candidate for
the Governorship, in company with a mu
tual friend.” Unobserved by the two wor
thies lie came up directly behind them, and
when about passing them, accidentally,
caught the following .conversation
3Iutual Friend—“ Governor, what's the
prospect for the Democracy carrying the
State this Fall
joei—" u,verytning looks won I”
Mutual Friend—“It won’t do to be over
confident, Governor, the State is close.”
Joel—" My “war record” is good, and I
expect to get enough Republican votes, to
give me a majority.”
Mutual Friend—“ Will the Democrats all
stand true?”
Joel—“ Oh, yes 1 we shall getevery Dem
ocratic vote in the State. All we want to
do now, is to tend to the Republicans, and
get as many of their votes as possible 1”
Republicans of Cumberland, tlie above is
the Democratic programme See that the
entire Republican vote is polled, for Walsli,
and the whole ticket.
DEMOCRATIC CO- CONVENION
The Democrats of this County held their
Convention in Millville, on Wednesday last.
Dr. Phillips, of Deerfield, presided, and
Charles Townsend, of Port Elizabeth, acted
as Secretary. Hon. C. C. Grosscup was
nominated for the Senate. Captain William
Haley, of Downes, received the nomination
for Assembly in the First District, and
Thomas Marten of Millville, in the Second
District. Peter G. Ludlam, of Millville
waB nominated for Surrogate. Th’e nomi
nations ai» all considered good, and the
candidates will; poll the full streugtli of their
party.
In the afternoon and evening Ex-Govemoi
Parker, and Major Abeal, of Newark, ad
dressed the meeting'.
Installation.—On Thursday evening of
last week, the members of Cumberland
Lodge, No. 3.*, I. O. 0. F., assembled at Odd
Fellows’ Hall, corner of Commerce and
Pearl Streets, for the purpose of installing
their officers for the current term. Quite a
large number of Odd Fellows and theii
friends were present, and the occasion was
one of great pleasantness. Deputy Grand
Master B. T. Bright, was the installing offi
cer of tl»e evening, and conducted the pro
ceedings very harmoniously. The ladies
were out in force, and .the meeting was in
itself a success.
Patriarchal.—The following is the roll
of officers of Good Intent Encampment,
No. 15, I. Q. O. F., for the current term
C. P.—Dr. Jacob G. Streets.
H. P.—Edmund Goff.
Scribe.—Dayton B. Whitaker.
Treasurer.—William Dare.
S. W.—Michael C: Ryuic.
J^ W.—Samuel H-. GaekeU.
Representative to Grand Euoampnaent of
New Jersey.—Isaac T; Nichols.

Ready for you—f*aU Clothes at Wank;
maker Brown's. v
i
1 T
[Krora the Sion’s Herald.]
corNeliuswaish.
Hon.TiorneUif* Walsh, of Newark, is tho
Repnblioajuoaudidate for Governor of New
Jersey,,- MrivWa]eh U, without doubt, the
moat liberal Methodist in that State, and
probably the most^fifeal man. lie has
always abounded in these good works from
the time he }ias been prosperous in business.
Ho came to the State a poor boy from En
gland, and became a resident near the city
which he has aince made bis home. Not
long since, riding with a friend to the Beilu
ville outskirts, he said he w|»hed earnestly
to get a place by which, they Were pawing.
.Qn tho rea&ou being, asked,--ho,.replied,
“because there is where I was bound to ser
vice Wfhen live year old, and I would like to
,owi# iX" lie was unable to gratify his^wish,
aud had to' content Tiimsel'f with tho -place
adjoining. Pointing-to a gaitway, he said,
“\yimn a. buy on this place, I opened thap
gate to‘let a‘gentleman on hersobaok go
..Uiijjugik ykpr ^upeucc..
It dropped in the dust, aud I could not find
it. He saw I had lost it, came back, got off
liis horse, aud helped me find it. I have
siueo saved that gentleman from failing in
business three times, and all because of bis
giveing me, and helping me find that six
and a quarter cents.” That was a good in
vestment, and may teach some other men
how to treat boys with more generosity and
kindness.
It is related by a former pastor that,
whoa out of liis poverty he had .saved up
*10, and carried it to the minster, and gave
it to the cause of God. That was a renewal
of the widow's mite—tlieir all. It was more
than a tenth, it was ten-tenths. He says
ho lias never given as much since. When
lie begau to grow wealthy he was exorcised,
as mo jit Christian jnen of wealth are, as
how to use liis money not to loso his soul.
He had many talks with liis pastor, Dr. liar
i ows, oh the sul ject. Soon l.e saw is was not
the matting but tho hoarding of money that
imperiled the soul forever. He began to fur
nish the parsonage, pay church debts, buy
a lot for a new church, tho superb structure
where lie now worships, aud to which lie
has probably given not less than $10,000: to
give to other churches in every direction,
until probably only Hon. Lee Clatlin lias
excelled him in the Vide; liberal and wife
distribution of his favors. He is still-very
generous towards the poor, and the churches,
schools,,apd all charities. He was especial
ly benevolent in the war times to soldiers,
and the various relief commissioners at home
and in the army. If any man in that State
deserves to be Governor by a unanimous
vote, it is this poor hoy who never has for
gotten his poverty in the midst of iiis wealth,
and who made liis fortune ilow ceaselessly
for the benefit of his owu State.
RELIEF EDS CHICAGO.
Governor Randolph has promptly re
sponded to tire necessities of the homeless
in Chicago,- and lias issued the following
proclamation
Executive Department,
Trenton, N. J., Got. 10, 1871.
To the People of New Jersey
The great city of Chicago lias been vis
ited by a calamity unparalleled in modern
times. Aside from a loss of property that
will bring ruin to thousands of families, the
immediate, personal suffering of lioinelss
and distracted men and helpless women and
children, calls for the most prompt and lib
eral aid from every humane person in the
land.
To give immediate direction to the gene
rous purposes of the people of New Jersey,
I urge upon all local authorities in cities,
through constituted authorities, and the
clergy of all denominations in towns,
through the town committees aided by resi
dent benevolent citizens apd in the town
ships by local organizations—the most
prompt gatherings of- our people and the
speedy contribution of money and clothing
for the relief of the suffering. Almost every
household has clothing that can be spared,
and the contribution of it cannot bn too
quick nor too abundant. Almost every in
habitant, rich and jioor, of our prosperous
state, can give for such a purpose. It is
both a duty and a privilege so to do.
As Jersey City and Camden are conveni
ent points to every portion of tho state to
which contributions of every kind may be
quickly sent, and from which they may he
forwarded to Chicago without delay, I sug
gest that all donations of money and cloth
ing he addressed to the Mayors of these
cities, wlio will at the proper time make a
public and detailed acknowledgement of all
their receipts.
I will also appoint, in behalf of the state,
such assistants to these officers as they may
require, and I will personally attend to and
insure the safe and prompt transmission of
all contributions the liberality of our people
may place at our disposal.
A population larger than the city of New
ark contains is without food, raiment, or
shelter wearied in body to the last degree
distressed in mind beyond expression, and
houseless and homeless upon tho verge of
winter. Whilst the. Almighty lias seen fit
to permit this desolation, let us, by large
gifts of that which Ho has bestowed upon
us, show our gratitude for our prosperity
ana lor an rns merits.
Theodore F. Randolph,
Governor of New Jersey.
Relief for the Chicago Sufferers.
The undersigned constituting themselves
a Committee from the various Churches of
this city, earnestly solicit that donations of
men, women, and children’s second hand
clothing be sent to the lecture room of the
First Presbyterian Church every afternoon
of this week, and Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday of the next, between the hours
of three and five, for the relief of the Chi
cago sufferers.
The committee will send the articles to
Camden, from whence the Governor of oui
State will forward them.
Miss Hahriet F. Stratton,
Miss Hannah S. Elmer,
Miss Julia F. Nichols,
Miss Maggie K. Elmer,
Mrs. James M. Rilet,
Mrs. James B. Ferguson,
Mrs. John R. Graham,
Mrs. Horatio J. Mulford,
Mrs. Charles C. Crosscut,
Mrs. Jacob Ivienzle,
Mrs. William Jaggerb,
Committee.

ZW The Newark Courier says it is au
thorized to state “that Cornelius Walsli
will, on the production by any employee,
past or present, of proof to the satisfac
tion of the investigating committee that In
(or she) has been unkindly treated, or un
justly defrauded of a single penny right
fully belonging to hinv^or her), pledge him
self to make good all such demands as maj
be established and for every case satisfac
torily established will agree to pay the sun
of fifty dollars, to bo devoted to tho oliari
table institutions of the city
Politics will never become debauched 01
disreputable in a .State where the best, oiti
zens gave attention to their political duties,
President.Eliot, of Harvard University, anc
Prof. Longfellow attended the Rep’ublicai
primary meeting in Cambridge, Massachn
setts, and John G. -Whittier, ex--Attoruey
General Hoar, aod hundreds more such mer
were delegates iit the Convention.. Ip Cum
berlaud County very m^uy of our best citi
zens were prpsppt aj the various primaries
JBPf. -Tjhe, yeppiie^ shock of earthquake
felt at Salem, New Captle, and other places,
on Monday morning just, tums out to hav<
been merely the expfoslon of 200 kegs 6
jjowder i!Wut' tittle 'iuileif•‘ftdiir ibe cltyM
WilmmgtOBc DetawBttg tuldid in

r
For the 'Vest Jersey Pioneer.
Mr, Editorvisit to the ancient
town of Rs><9Jogf'*paLi*‘niade a few obser-
vatlon*yWfeio&S*I: ^wfhi^^yw>«ver t'-avels
at tljl*>eas©iili5{]v*ie_y«5r, wig. find his rout
to preient him ^fl»ldo»ccJ>tc: views of tinted
autumn leaves, I <lou't HlBtlrijhJiow I bay#:
mansyed to live so Warny years Vftbout knofjL
ifcafc M«oh a *tel? and pioturo wjjwj
la be "itu.'Med among,remem
ber reWIrgj wbe* a boy,] thjjTiefcl^l^if^oeyea
aml no cy#*’*’ ind reonfa*aytfcit t'Sfcle rich
colors of every shade, »urp|Ming any tiling
that ast Aian produce, made pie tjpijk. I had
been “uo eyes,’’for their beatify .#eemed to
•trike me an* revaletlot.—woraethi g I never
«aw SmtOTH. i*. «yf—Jay a-t J
with the sense of its rare beauty, thero was a
tinge of fc4tms--| f„r it tfSythe beauty of de
c«&. •mjixai
len. Ca
In due time I found my&ctr upon the_Fhlla
duiptya atyi Reading train, v*j#ding adoytou*
tray rfmong and'acro-s *trdH», and frasl tne
In full view as we passed was the statue of]
Idni-oirfy fi^ifht^-'V^cfftd^ ^It-inakei tino
appearance, hut sOmehotv It always makes me
feel uncomfortable to see the image of tt'nran
1 reispeet,-sitting or standing uut tyirebeaded
in all kinds ofweather. I. auppoae it is very,
sill)- ami my appreciation of high art ought
to change that. Butt remember a sfafuo ol
tfic Father* Of Via Cotlnffy,'that stood in' a
garden near l,oiig Brahoh, In <fuH rcgtmentals,
l>«t bareheaded, and 1 .declare I coulduit have
lived there witluiut (aljing^l#m in when it
rained. .v.
Riding on the {Philadelphia and Reading
railroad gives you an impression of passing
a continuous coat 'train bound' downward un
c.bupled hero andihewi fi>r a slight interval.
When the coal and freight-trains give an op
portunity to observe,.and it^oirt Iprppun to.
be a tunnel or a deep cgt through a hill ol.
stone, the view is very fine. For apart of tin
way the road winds up the wfisterte 'bifnk of
the Schuylkill, and thdn it plunges Into the
heart of a mountain and comes out at righ"
angle# to .the winding liver, and crosses to
lollovr^p tbe^aatyrn I'an^ s
Ol course one must read the evening paper
and so I took afternale’ views from the ear
window and of ^Kreflrfog ’’felegrapK,” in
side. The «Vhilade pbia. Baptist Association
is convened ,iiv .Bitty, Dr, J1 ago on’s clmrql-,
Broad and.|5rown streets. They hup a lively
liuio uu i 11* cut** n w;i um
Tobacco ‘(Jpestiow,
as the following report will show:
W. BoCkOeit, Esq.'sthett Mler#i the fol
lowittft resolution:-, 41a: a u
Whereas, The use pt lobapc.i is^an expen
sive indulgence, involving a large outlay ot
the Lord’s money, that might ho advantage
ously used for Tils kingdom,’and
Wh-rrens, The-rning generation readily fol
low the example of their fathers, therefore
Resolved, I Ijat W« aqecHqqijgcl} UivUo 010
Christian brethren, tjnn inters and laymen, to
carefully consider whether by’totafabslinenee
therefrom they wilt not prnhidte their own pi
ety and their influence for the ciinse of Ciist.
The ItcV.nDc. Winter offered as an amend
ment that tea and coffee he included* Quite
an anjmateij discussion ?nsp?d, Tne Rev.
Dr. Cathcart offered himself as an example
that tobacco had not hurt the body.
Thomas V*. Wallers, Esq:, spoke in oppdsi
tion'to the resolution. He said it was a mat
ter of taste—it was not the business of the
association. Ho had smoked since the age of
ten. and thought a cigar a pleasant thing.
He was certain that the gentleman who of
fered the resolution woifld regret, on reflec
tion, his coupling the resolution as a “rider”
with tlrose that have just passed. The con
struction of the questhm lhajt would go f rth
to the public through the columns of the
press could not be but unfavorable.
Rev. J. Wheaton Smith also opposed the
resolution. He smoked, end was sorry for
it. He had often stopped the practice, as
long as Mr Bucknell bad given Jt up. It
wasn’t so long ago sincehe saw Brother Buck
nel! smoking. (Laughter.) But the intro
duction of the resolution belittled the busi
ness of the association.
The Rev. JohrrH. Castle spoke upon the
subject. He spoke oi just such u resolution
that was offered in hia presence in Scotland,
with reference to the practice of drinking
toasts. The resolution was introduced, and
a storm ensued. He was terrified at his te
merity. The jury *0 whom lie appealed
were deep in the love of wine and the punch
bowl. (Applause) But 1 hope that the time
will come when the.use of tobacco will be
frowned upon as much as the introduction of
wine and whiskey at an ordination should be.
The Kev. W. F. Kedlrng-(colored) spoke
next. He said that he deemed it proper^
since the cornbat had come to close quarters,
that the small guns should bo brought into
action. He spoke in favor of the resolution.
Tlte discussion b, doming interesting, the
time of adjournment was extended' ten min
j utes. The Rev. J. IT. Peteis also spoke in
favor of the -resolution, and was followed by
Rev. William M. Whitehead pi tha same
strain. Tlio resolution was being .further de
bated when the association adjourned, with
prayer by Rev. Ei W.'Dickinson.
I could not bnt'observe how the mania for
Small Gambling
was taken advantage of by juvenile news
agents; After being successively offered lit
erature in various forms, the agent came
through with a haud-hiil to herald his enter
prise. He had packages of candy te sell at
fitty cents each, and a check for from ten
cents to five' dollars was enclosed in each, and
the bank was Warranted good to redeem all
the checks. I appreciate the good, sense of
the car .in which I rpad, for-nobody bought.
Jndging this rathe/ a larger swindle than suit
ed our measure, he followed with another
hand-hill announcing that
A Beautiful Gold Ring
will positively be found in every twenty-fourth
package of striotly puro confectionery, and
every alternate box' contains new coin. Price
twenty-five cents.
My reflection was. that the authorities of the
P. t.R. Railroad ought to have more respect
for their patrons than to allow a petty gam
bling transaction to be carried on thus openly.
And I hope you will permit me to say the
same of the authorities o'f the Cumberland Co.
Agricultural Society. I saw a mean ten cent
swindle going on right by the main buildings
of the Society, with a crowd of patrons, and
nobody interfered. Whenever I see these
things I feel a sense of intense humiliation,
trom the thought that Christian churches are
seriously responsible for the revival of small
gambling. A church" that- can’t live without
pandering to this base principle of aur nature
oogbt to die One tiling is certain, when I
take to gamoling I won’t go to a church fair
to do it. I have too keen a sonse of “the
eternal fitness of things.*’
But my limit is react ed, and I have only- to
say I reached Reading safely, found a stirring
city instead of a sleepy Dutch town, as I sup
posed it to be; met kind tiiends and enjoyed
their society; climbed the sides of Mount
Penn and saw a picture of beauty,:the nfera
oryof which "wHl be vivid f.r a lifetime. And
so closed short,and pleasant.visit abroad.
_ K.
The -court martial vt'hieU recently
tried Major tiioilge-for emlieaxiement sen
tenced him to huid-labor in tlie penitentiary
fortep years, and.tie.has ^cco/dingly.hecn
i^Ca^cerjted in '^tp Albany .pemtfeutiary.
A Fj»ep^m*g^Wao«raiakoi: Brnmn*
Talltaad#, j. x v
“MaW >fttoey-ibf ^trotSittng- 'Oatf •’Hal]
J Vs> Aw
i
DEMOCRATIC MEETING.
On Tuesday evening last a political meet
ing was held iu Grosscup’s Hall, in this city.
Ex-Gov Parker was the principal speaker.— j
He did not say much about the principles
of jjie Democratic party, but referred.more
particularly to his own record, especially
during the war. His remarks were very re
spectful and evidently intended to make a
favorable impression with tho Republicans,
a large number of whom were present, with
their Democratic fellow citizens, and listen
ed to what Mr. Parker had to say.
When the Republicans hold their meeting
in this city, which will bo on Thursday. Oc
icltor 28th, their Democratic friends will
doubtless return the compliment by giviug j
tlioir attention. When a campaign is con- j
^tctjedT i|Q a respectable manner it is desira- j
Wo to listen to prominent speakers of both j
parties; and the custom in this city of Dent- i
ocrats and Republicans to attend the public j
meetings of .each other is highly commend
able- After the smoko of the battle has
passed away, under such circumstances our
c$izens can seltlo down and transact busi
ncsiiiaiccfujljf, jio matter which party may
bo successful
Carriage Manufactory.—Among the
best establishments in South Jersey for the
manufacture of carriages, is tiiat of Lou
denslager Richer, located in this city_
Their work is first-class. The material used
by them cannot be surpassd. The carriages
exhibited by this firm at the Cumberland Co.
Agricultural Fair took first premiums and
attracted general attention. All tlio parts
were finished in a workmanlike manner.—
The trimming, painting and varnishing, to
gether with the wood and iron work was
highly creditable to the above named firm.
While our city is so well supplied with es
tablishments where such excellent work is
done, at such reasonable prices, it is unnec
essary to go elsewhere.
Remef for the Chicago Sufferers.—
By reference to notice in another column it
will be seen that a committee of ladies of the
different churches of this city are working
iu concert with Gov. Randolph, whose proc
lamation also appears in the Pioneer of
this week. Gov. Randolph has added an
other laurel to his wreath of popularity,
and the citizens of Bridgeton will not be
behind those of other places in affording
idief to the Chicago sufterers. Let every
one do all they can in the good cause.
A meeting of the Stato Educational Com
mission was held at Trenton on Friday
evening last. The Commission has substan
tially agreed upon a general school law,
embodying all the provisions of existing
laws and some new and advanced features,
which will be presented to the next Legisla
ture.

Sowing Good Seed.—Every farmer knows
that to veap~n good crop he must first plant
good seed, and nourish the soil that has to
give life and strength to vegetation. So it
is with a man's actions toward his family.
Let him sow good seed there and he will
reap aboyutiful harvest. Let the children
see the parent frugal, thoughtful, and care
ful, aim it will sink deep into the ready soil
of their young minds. This is good seed
sown, and their after life of affection is the
good crop it bears. A splendid lesson in
economy can be given by purchasing vouv
clothing from the splendid stock of Ben
nett Co., Tower Hall, No. 528 Market
St., Philadelphia.
Heavy Price of Land.—A piece of land
on Laurel street, Second ward, was re
cently sold at the rate of $236,522 per acre.
This fact shows that property in this city is
still on the increase, large amounts being
continually sold at rapidly increasing prices.
Bridgeton at this rate will soon become a
centre of great prosperity among its sistei
ttfwns.
Another Awful Fire.—A despatch da
ted New York, Oct. 11, states that a horri
ble calamity has befallen two towns on Green
Bay. From one to three hundred lives
were lost.

Now’s the time—to visit Wanamakcr
Brown’s Oak I-lall.
A EEMABEABLlfcUEE OF CANCEE.
This is to certify, that I have had a cancerous tu
mor oyer my right eye, for the last twenty years
which ^gradually increase i in size, until it fcecamt
about two inches in diameter. Five years ago ii
•omnience discharging matter, and became atlas’
known as a -running cancer.” It was now
■ating rapidly, and fast approaching the eye. Whilst
in thi* oonditiou, I put myae'f under the treatment
f Pr. H- S. Bachman. He removed the whole car
corona masaiu twelve days, and succeeded in per
fecfljr hPnftngthc sore in six weeks. T did not. sul
Mf^afn in the removal, longer than six hours, an<
ihewholeeure was performed without the adminis
'ration of medicines internally My case was m, s
kindly, as well as skil.fully treated by Pr. Lichman
and it eive» me pleasure to testify to his entire com
petency in the treaiment of cancerous affections.
ISAAC NEWCOMB.
Cedarville, N. J., Sept. 28, U7E
I U-. n.r*. ijncnman may ue consulted hi u.ivi.u
i '4on’s Hotel, Bridgeton, N. J., until the 15th intt.
afttr which he will sail for Europe.
THE WAY TO GROW RICH,
Practice Economy
Look flft-r smal
things. Tne big one?
will take care of their,
selves. Hanjnne-s *el
dorn comes with f>»r
tunes male at on*
hazardous s'roke,ori
gambling speculatioi
AND
the magnificent strut*
ture is reared stem
by felons. No mat
can
ENJOY HAPPINESS
who is reckless in his
dealing. A Dol a:
sored in judicious ex
peLdi ture
IS
a Dollar earned. Mon
ey can bo saved.
IN PRACTICING ECONOMY
and seleetng frorr
our new* and ext* n
sive assortment of Fal
AND
Winter Clothing foi
M»n’s, Youths, Boy«
and Children*.* wear
B*ar thin in mind
wh*.*n
PURCHASING YOUR CLO TH ES
that this splendid
8t**ek has b<*en pre.
pared and finished b\
Skillful Workmen, u
the finest and be*i
materials. made ur> ir
the nv»st substantia!
manner and in tht
latest Styles, at th«
weli-i<nown economi
cal prices
OF
the cheapest, bast
and. to the pure has.
er, most Satisfactory
Clothing House it
Pml .delphia.
Bennett Co., iuii'v\y b,,!u<“eD
SH Makkisi,’ I
pHiLADiLt-BiA t Sixth Streets.
July 21-71.
Trust what Time lias Sanctioned.
The maxim that the voice of the people is tht
voice of the divinity, may in some cas*s, be open tc
doubt, but the testimony ol honrst m 1 enlightened
witnesses extending through a seiies of years, and
all to the same purport, is worthy of credence ad
mi a of no question. Upon such testimony the rep
utatiqn of Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters as an anti
dote and'cure for many ailments is based. During
the iwfenty years that it has been before the world
innumerable preparations intended to compete wit!
it, have gone up like rockets, and comedown the
qxtinsyiished sticks. Meanwhile (ho progress o
that incomparable tonic has been swift and steady—
always upward and onward like the eagle's flight
Its introduction produced to be one of those saluta
rv revolutions that »*aunot go ba*kwards.' To daj
Ho|tit|er’8 Bitters is one of the most popular rem
edies in Christendom, and commands a larger salt
than any other medicinal preparation, dome?tic oi
imported on this side of the Atlantic. Aeacurefoi
dyspepsia, billions disorders, nervous affections,gen
eral debility, and as a preventive of epidemio fevers
it takes precidenoe of every other remedy. Tht
fact shond teach the ambitious couq ry dealers wh:
endeavor fodbis1 their local abordions on the public
in ite etead, how fuiilo tbeir small attempt* toeojoU
the community must necessarily be. When the
-have fatted there i* no chance for th<
‘♦sucker*,**
The etcamer Chester has withdrawn i
from the lino between this city and Phila-
delphia. Th.e steamer Balloon will con
tinna on She regular line until ihn arrival of
the “City of Bridgeton.”
3RIDGE70* PRICKS CHBRIK'I.
KewWheat.Jl 40ct«. rob." 50
Corn, 75 Butler, ,i(j
Rye, 0' I Kvjts, 50
flats, 15 ll.iois, |.j
Cover Seed, 7 I'O j Paid, 10
Herd Soed, (10 I pork. y
^nnYTTibiD.
At Springtown, Oct. Sth. by Rev, Beni. T>arkes* i
Mr. THOM S J. SHEPPARD. of Millville, to Miss
CECELIA B. GOULD, of Gun id town.
At the M. E. Parsonage, in Roadstmvn. Sept. 30th
by Rev. J. S. Gfukill, Mr. SAMUEL T. FITHIAX,
of Greenwich. to Miss MARGARET XC STETSOE
of Pauls boro*. Gloucester Co., X. J.
[Woodbury “constitution" please copy.
IpiEX)””
In this city, on the 11th inst. LIZZIE E., daughter I
of John and Anna K. Bishop, aged 17 years. I
The funeral will take place from the parent-* res
idem;© (,n Commerce St., this (Friday) afternoon,at
o’clock. Services at the house. The relatives
and friends are respectfully invited to attend.
In this city, on the Sth hist., Mrs. ANNA BELL
BUCKET, aged 21 years.
In this city. Sept. 20th, JAMES M. CLARK, in the
34th year of his age.
Such was my husband parting hour—
So peacefully lie sank to rest.
That Faith, endowed from heaven with power.
Sustained and cheered his languid breast.
In Greenwich. Aug. 29Mi. ERKTRIES BEATTY,
son of John N. and Abide M. Fithiau, aged three
months.
Ml.V i.\'« Knives. Chopjv n*i T.-«\* or J5<iv»l
t-r Mince Meat Machiii-.* bin:di
''iwrpfrs and Cleavers, lor tit* by
lRUM o: A SHAW,
No. **SR, (Fight thiri >-five,i Mark?! fitrend.
H«*‘,r>w Ninth. Fhilufieipl ia.
HE.XTHl Scoops, Shovels fit-i Rskers. Stove
Shoy*l«, P-'Kors, Tongs and F ate I.iiur-:
Mor>*tM»r<i, Mica or Driglas* for Sieve Poor*.
Hi ct Zinc for muting under stoves, nod superior
Stove polish, fer sal- by
TRUMAN SHAW,
N o >36 (Eight rhir»y five) .M auk r.t street
___vnth. Philadelphia
T\BLF. Ci'ticry. Poo tr\ nmi Meat Carver*, with
Xv« re. Rubber, atc.. handles Kiel rUied blade*
nildr-r’s Koiv*-* an Ko*-hs. Fin*- S -csors R*z-.rs
•Old Pocket Knit©-.. N tr P cUs and t'ra' kcrs, at
I 1<TM N SHAW
No.Hi)5 (EightThirty-five) Marxktstreet
_._ .’-clow V r.t h. Philadelphia
t'i'Ci'land JacliKoy,
Wholesale i'ommissiosi Merchants
till and ‘i 1 ‘i. West VVanlUngion St.,
NKVV YORK,
Ccnsignsiejiis of all kinds of Country Produce
Solicited.
I WiJ S”'*om»TK>»lHt« k!i who wish -vs'h N« w York Ap*
o!-s 'uv I be barrel, at the Lowest Rntes.
o. r 13 4t
i CARRIAGE BUILDERS.
LOUDENSUGERS RICHER
NO LONGER IN THE BACKGROUND.
It is an undisputaMe f.et that they urn tini-bin*
the best wo-k ever done in thin county. They have
now on haim
Bugsio, of th? Latent Styles
•JENNY LINDS,
SQUARE WAGONS,
CAFFltEY WAGONS,
And they expect to ke*n up a .general assortment.
We are prepared to do
Carriage Fainting in the very Rest Style.
Equal to the beat establishmeats in the country.
BrjiACSLSMITKIKrG l
P \RTi<’UL R ATTENTION PAID TO H* »RSE
ING. Job Work of all kind- done «i Short Notice.
•ve would b* pleased t*t have those wishing an\
•hing in our line to give us a cal’. oct iS-.f
CTraTDTJBAJTflO!
The Wonderful Remedy for
CANCERS, SYPHILIS, SCROFl'hA, UL.
CKIlS "AbT KIIELhil nm] nil OTHER
CHRONIC BLOOU DISEASES.
Dr. P. T. KEENE having j'i*t returned from E‘u»
loranri brought th him a quantity of the genu ne
Gundurango Bark, secured through the official
r mUiinendatJon ><nd k«hstance of His Exc*d'enc'
the President of Kquador, ami the Government of
mat Republic, we are prepared to fid orders for it <o
limned extent, and at a pi ice ab*»ut one quarter ol
that widen tne coet of the first very email supply
tompell* d us te charge.
a spurious article is now advertised and sold a?
Cunduraugc. We. have at a considerable ixpoa:-e
•nd wi h tho co-opora'ion of the authorities of Loin,
he province where the plant grows, so directed the
channel of our simply as to ensure that none but the
genuine article shall he so d bv us; and we par
ucuUrlv call tiie attention of the public, for their
protection, to this fact.
RM3**. KEENE t Co..
fO CedarS reel. New York.
D. W. Rlic«. M.P.. Washington. P. (J.; Z. F. Hhss,
VI. D.. New York: P. T. Keene, M. D.. New York.
f" R T* Try 8amPlc8 t,f our Krcat ft-p^ge
fi fa B OO i.lustraied weekly—30 years
1 H I Sao sis Du she ii. F:n* st’el engravings
fVe io siib'criher®. Agents nrmke f 5 a day. Send
for Saturday Gazette. Haiiowell, Me.

«:AcknmvV
r, 11 pyot'u.^vif th* growth mtd keau!-t
of itic.h or. t Lost my, m;;s l
o.T J»y ill «1 vn pri Is. Cv., -rr. cf »btdc'U
mi.tmiimiiij wi■ yrn S >licited by A1UNN *.v CO<(
Publishers Scientific Am riean
37 Park Row, N. Y. 2;
i years’ experience.
I n.1 D.in.i T ..:*u o.n
tiona how to obtain Patent?, free,
A bound volume of US pages, containing lh*» New
Census by counties and all large cities. 140 Engr
r ngs of M-chaniesl Movements Patent L«wa an-'
mie? lor obtaining Patenta, tn* led on receipt of 23
i .-on te.
Earth clo^kts—g the Ear h
C-Oa-tC gtu M3t-J M- Ilirttord. Ch.^Oie LT.
f’ropnetors of Monk’s, Monk. Girdk-aton’s. Lu
ther’s. Waring’*, Newton’* and DooMtlle’s Patent-.—
T ie only Closets that have proved e!f. ctiv#*. Tiic
Earth Dloset. by its disinfection of fasces, is the mod
valuable means of preventing spread of chokra and
tiier contagious diseases Send for cireuiHr?.—
\gents wanted everywhere. Salesrooms: 9 D*»ane
Boston; Broadway, N. Y.; 1221 Market Street,
Philadelphia. ____
CHEAPEST ADVERTISING
l TMB5 woblb.
For $36 per Inch per Month, we will
inseit an adve;tis^-ncnt in "41 Flrat-Clasp
NetvJcney Newspapers. Proportionate
rates for smaller advertisement. List sent free.—
4.KO. P. ROWELL Co.,
40 and 41 l\irk Kin. N. w Yoik.
$30. WE WILL PAY $30.
Aaeou $30 per week to cell our great ami valuable
discover.csvlJf vou want permanent, honorable and
pleasant work, apply f<>r particulars. Address DY
ER Sc CD.. Jackson; Michigan._
AVOID QUACKS A victim of early in dir
ection, causing nervou*. debility, premature
decay, etc., having tried in vain t v»ry advertised
remedy, firs discovered a simple means of self cure,
*hif-h he will send to his fedo-w-a offerer?. Address
J. H. REEVES. 78 Nassau St., N. Y.
THIRTY "YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
In the treatment of
Chronic and Sexual Diseases.
A Physiological Viet? of Marriage.
The cheapest hook ever published—containing
ne irly three'hundred page?, and one hundred and
thirty fine plates and engravings of the anatomy ot
the human organs m a state of health ami disease,
with a treatise on early errors: its deplorable conse
quences up>n the mind and body, with the aulht r’s
plan of treatment—th only rational and successful
mod#* o' cure, as shown by a report of cases treated.
A truthful adviser to the married and those contem
plating marriage, who entertain doub s of tneir
physical condition. Sent fee of posiaue to any ad
dr*, as. on receipt of twenty-dve nk in dimrs nr
postal currency, hv addressing I l*. L V Cll MX. No
:il Maiden Lane, Albany, N. V." Tne author mnv bo
consulted upon my of *ne di-eases upon which t’ e
nook treats, either personally or by mail, and medi
cines sent to any p irt of the work,' oet. l>4t
asphaltic;"
ROOFIKTO PELT.
I
j This Felt is thick, durable and heap. Coated
1 ready for immediate use. Dan be applied by in*x.
j peri need hands. Send for circular. Copper, Gal
vanized aDd Tinned ^laneg Niiila. For sale by
MERCHANT CO.;
Importers «f Tin Plate, Metals, Ao
°ct 13Mm-\r co 507 Market St., Philadelphia.
^arllT& ALLEN^
Manufacturers rr
Doors, Sash and Blinds,
AND
Contractors for Buildings,
At the mill of the Cumberland Manufacturing Com
pany. Atiantlc Street. eept. 22 tf
HOUSES in Bridgeton, from $1,000 to $6,000,
■4 For 8alo on F -y Terms. Ready to Occupy at
once.
oot FI n.pd H. J. Ml/LFOUD RO.
IW jwjy _ TTt?
yOE,
GEKTLEMEN THE1B SONS
A Teat ?aristy cf choice ®y:iai
FALL CLOTHING
In the Custom Departmcr.1 will be found
a choice selection of Imported and
Domestic goods to be made to order.
Vo 902 Chestnut Street,
PHILADELPHIA*
JEWELERS, SILVERSMITHS,
AND
IMFO nTEH. S.
Are now in receipt cl their
FALL AND HOLISM GOODS,
KaiHrtfcrag a Rtapenb etoekotf-*
PARIS BRONZES,
CLOGS SETS AND MANTEL ORNAMENTS
I VIENNA FANCY GOODS,
P A PT A V CT A T'TT A D.TT
SOLID SILVER WARE,
Tastefully arranged in cases for
Woclciing Presents.
Also, a Splendid Assortment of
i Vino lutt-olry, \VaUU<n«, Okoino, ElCCtrO
Plated Wares.
july i-’U-y tiitto
NOTICE.
REBECCA PaVIS left the pr'mie’eR of the sub
scriber on Monday, the l«ih of .September:
II persons are foibid harboring or trusting her o>n
my account, as I w.ll pa) n bills of her contract
ing.
Oct. 6-2 t JOSEPH COOK.
I Grand Concert!
0N
WLDAzSDAY Evening, October 18<Ji, 1871.
AT
G-IROSSCUP'S TT AT.T.
BY TUB
Vox Pcpuli Glee Club,
OF PHILADELPHIA,
'*'or the benefit of the Bridgeton Library, under the
•inpices of the Young Men’s Christian a-socialion.
fhe parts will be sustained by MALE VOICE*, com
■»ri«*ing thret- first tenors, three second tenors, three
'ms^ec and three second t»n«*ses, oeing the combined
talent of thespiendid Phiiadelpnia city choirs of Bt.
Clements. Ft James; St. Marks and St.’Stev*na
PR‘»F. PIERCE, the. organist of St. Marks, will
president the Pi a 3b.
TICKETS, .35 Cents,
To be had at the DrugFfores, the Jewelry Store of J.
M. Laning. and at Mrs. Fdhtan’s Ladies’ Store.
I>-*f rsopen at 7 o'clock concert commence?at 7V£.
oct 6- t
,tuss MZZIK KniTII,
DRESSMAKER,
Dresses Cut by Measure and Particular Atteption
paid to Cutting tnd Fitting of Ra-ques^ Pesril b'lreol,
second door above.the TeiegrOph Office. Bridgeton.
N. B A Girl Wanted to learn the trade.
sei‘1 29-‘*m-pd.
Gr IT _A__]Sr O I
BEror FOB No. 1 GOVERNMENT
PERUVIAN GUANO,
HORN AND HOOF DUST,
VERY VALUABLE FOR ITS AMMONIA.
IB CDS3T £22*
AGENTS FOR LISTER’S GROUND RONE BONE
MEAL. ALSO OTHER MAKES.
PISH OTTANO:
Extra fine quality,—as good as PERUVIAN;—and
'.asts longer.
SUPER PHOSPHATE OF LIME.
\11 goods guaranteed Genuine. A liberal discount
JO SI A II J. ALLEN,
sept l-?i 4 8. Delawaie Ave., Ph.ladelphi*.
PCRN1TIKK I FIRNITUKK I
H. F. HOVER respectfully informs his friend*
md the public generally of West and South Jersey,
n warn o! Pl'HMTl'KE, that they will rind it greai
y to their advantage to purchase at his Wareho-ae,
vherethey will rind a largo stock of the modern
*tyles to selec from.
The subscriber begs to any that his facilities for
manufacturing, and buying his materials for cash—
taring no apprentices, but employing the best work
nen—enables him to offer areat inducements to
j hose in want of really good Furniture at low prices,
i is he much prefers the nimbio sixpence*' to the
:i slow shilling.’’
All goods bought at his Warehouse will be warrant
ed and if intended for the country, will be packed
with care and dispatched.
H F HOVER,
No.230 8. Second 8t., below Dock, west side
STEWART MARKS,
Wholesale Grocers,
115 ARCH STREET,
Between Front and Second,
X
FIIIIiADEXfiPECIA,
Have on hand a large stock of
COFFEE,
TEAS,
SUGARS,
MOLASSES,
81 It RR,
TOBACCO,
8EGARS, Ae.,
To which th<*> would call the attention of the tra
Nov. 8,’H7-v
ADMINISTRATOR’S SALK
0F
REAL ESTATE.
j Pursuant to an order of the Orphan's Court of thv
County «*f Cumberland made on the 22d day of 7th
j mnnt h. 1STl, will be sold at PUBLIC BALE, on
SIXTH DAY, 1st of TWELFTH 310.,
next.,on the pr»mines; go much of the Estate
ot the lute Pcrry Johnson, deceased, as will be suffi
cient to pay ail his debts and expenses. Sale to
commence at 2 o’clock P. M.
SAMUEL M. SHEPPARD, Administrator.
7thm. 281h. 1X71.-— miy. 61h. 4 r>.
THOMAS DEPUY, r
a‘No. 82 SOUTH SECOND STREET,'
Above Cliostout. E«st8ide, Fhiladelph a.
Would cal the attention of those wishing to P
purchase Ca'i. lings. to hit. large and choice n
r meet Foreign and Domestic, both in r-!atton m
ii to tvisluies »s wi ll a. «t,le». Also Oil Cloths, e
S. Mattings, Rugs, Mats, Stair Rods, *c., at the 2
gj oweat t*4.«h price* 2
N B.~J SI EWART I BPITY i« not at No 5
:;s South Soeomi Street, but is with 1 homes
!U.puv
t s°p t Sm—F antlS—W
AVOID QUACKS!
A victim ot euily indiscretion, causing nervous
debility premature oecsy, 4c., having trild in vain
ever, advertised remedy, has ritscovfrsd simple
means ot sel' cure. which lie will send free to his
Mlew sufferers. J. H. REEVES, 75 !s" Vu St, New
‘*'rl;_sep -29-1 y.a A Cm,
COAL!
AT
X3. MaBRXSB’0.
NOW IS TEE TIME TO BUY YOUR COAL!
Wtitle I, is Weil Prepared and Uw In
Price.
Give me your order* and I will trivo yon a good ar
tide, well Hcreenod and picked before delivery
Order* left at the Segar Bier*of Jacob Meogel will
l receive prompt attention.
july 38-3tu DAVID McBUJDfi.