m MO FIRE FID.
DONATIONS YESTERDAY.
The Chamber of Commcrcf Divert a Portion
for the Northwestern Foresters.
RECEIVED AT TIIE HEMLD OFFICE.
The following additional contributions to the fund
were made yesterday.
If amr. Amnun'.
J. 0 *5 HO
Stonnrtittsra. ('?ntrai 1'arfc 66 UO
Uomerard laborer. 60 (X)
J. M. tirogan 1 UO
5. M. C 60
J. K. Kearney, 214 East Ninth street 60 00
Fmploye of Am. A R. Dmnei 1 00
A. Krownrr 1 00
W. R. Smith 2 00
Kmploye* of M. Ryan'a ktone yard 60 HU
Litua Ned 2 00
Frraa Employe* nt Ajt??' Iljrtraut and Stop
Cock Factory, 174, 170 and 178 IUving
ton Street, Mew York.
M. Hern $4 00
W Steven* 4 00
J. McLean 8 ?5
J. Sterena 2 7S
J. Wiley i 0.)
W. Bualll 8 60
M Coaly li 60
If. S ?5
J. P. Hera 1 M
ToUl -$?4 74
llTiipitulation.
Total recelred yesterday f 242 00
I'renoaaly reported 18,143 19
Grand total 818,385 19
TOE HERALD FUD.
Ihieaio'ii Thanks to the Donor#? Flow Dis
bursements Are Made.
Til anBwer to ihe receipt of a notification to draw
for $10,628 66 of the amount contributed through
this office to the Chicago sufTfercra, the followiug
teller of acknowledgment has been received:?
CBICAUO SlUtT AND AID SOOIXTV, 1
Standard Hai.l,
COBVtB MICHIGAN AVlWtr* AND THIBTTrNTH STS .f
Chicago, net. 20, 1871. J
Javim Oouoti Bxsmctt, e*j., Mw York Herald,
New Fork
Dba* Sib? We are In receipt of your letter of October 16
to David A. Gage, Esq., City Treasurer, and the I1kral?'b
E- la contribution or 410,"S2i Gt> bai altio come into our
da by the Mayor's transfer of relief matters, as par pruo
Alio IL
J Your feat Journal, which has taken the lead In so many
fcood works, nerer performed a more truly generous and
Bonslderate act; and in tho name of our deeply grieved
people, who are to receive the benefit of your bounty, we
heartily tbank you and all who hare aided In any decree to
Qw all this magnificent donation. Tours respectfully,
GEOKGK M. PULLMAN,
Treasurer Chicago Belief and Aid Society.
That the public who have contributed may know
bow their girts are distributed the following Is ap
pended to the letter:?
1 hare deemed It beat for the Interests of the city to turn
over to the Chicago Relief and Aid Society all contributions
/or the suiTerinc people oi this city. This Society Is an In
corporate ana oM established organization, having pos
sessed for many yean the entire confidence of our commu
nity. and is familiar with tho work to be done. The regu
lar force of this Society Is Inadequate to tliia immense wurk,
but they will rapidly enlarge and extend the same by Hdding
prominent cltlxens to the respective committees, and I call
upon all citizens to aid this organization in every possible
Way)
I also oonfer upon them a continuance of the same powrr
heretofore eiercised by the Citizens' Committee, namely? the
power to Impress teams and labor and procure quartern so
far a* may be necessary, lor tbe transportation and distribu
tion of contributions and care of the sick and disabled. Gen
eral Sheridan destres this arrnn?cment, and has promise
to oo-oDerate with this Association. It will he seen trom ihe
plan of the work that is detailed be.ow that every precau
tion baa baen taken in regard to tbc disposition of contiibu
lums. R. 11. MAbON, Mayor.
(?enarui Plan of Work oi the Chicago Kelicf
aiui Aid Society.
CoirMTTiTB No. t.? On receiving, storing and sorting sup
plies, and dealing out upon requisition* from other comrait
Isns. Hurry Kelson, Chairman, aided bv General Ilardee.
No. t? Commutes on Bbelier, to provide tents and bar
racks. T. M. A very, Chairman.
No. 8.? Commute* on Kmplovment, to provide labor for
nb!e-bodied applicants. Chairman. N. K. Fairbauk.
No. A.? Commitlee on Transportation, to provide passes for
cersons and freight accommodations for supplies. Chairman,
\eorge H. i'uilman.
No. 6. Committee on Recrptlon and Correspondence, to
receive visitors and answer all despatches and loiters.
Chairman, Wirt Dexter.
No. 6.~-0ommittee on Distribution of Food, Clothlns anl
^ueL O. C. i.ibbs, Superintendent of hellei and Aid
tfooiety, Chairman.
No. 7. Committee on Sick, Sanitary and Hospital Measures.
t>r. H. A. Johnson, Chairman.
Ito. 8.? Executive Commlue", consisting of R. R. Mason,
JJ?" Mayor, and tbe City Comptroller, tne President and
and' Aid SoclttT, ttrpetmfr Mlo-fw "Aru.J-J.hr .CkVwm rft Ihe"
foregoing committees, sln.l constitute an auditing committee
and bavn oontrol of all contributions. No bllis to be ps id
unleas upon cheeks or drnfts signed by tbe {'resident or
Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Relit, and Aid
Bocjety. countersigned by R. H. M?"on, Mayor.
The chairman of each committee will fill up. from citizens
who shall tender their serrlces, his own comirl tee, making
it as large as tbe magnitude of tbe work may require, and Le
responsible for its doings.
Ihe clergymen of the city are reqnrste 1 to organize an
associate board of directors to that of the Rel'er and AiJ
Society, and through an exec u the committee of their own
appointment communicate with our committees.
We recommend the formation of local societies by citizens,
and request them through their oflicers to communicate with
the chairmen of the foregoing committees on nil mailers fall
lug under tne respective wore ol said committees.
The work of distribution as now rroceedlnr will go on
until our committees s re supplied with foree to relieve tnc
present workers, but we request all eraons engaged in the
work to stop hasty distributions, and give applications as
much examination as possible to the end that we may not
waste tbe generous aid pouring In, as tbe wcrk of relief Is
not for a week, or a month, but for lha whole of the coming
winter, and to a great extent for even a longer period.
The business officers of all the committees except the
Executive Committee and Committees ol Reception and
Correspondence and Transportation will be at No. 41W West
Washington street, just west of Elizabeth. No relisl will be
administered at these offices, they being solely for the trans
action of committee bus.ness.
Applications for passes on railroads will be acted upon at
one or more places lo be designated by the Chairman of that
committee.
The office of the Executive Committee and Committee on
Reception and Correspondence, and tbe general bus ness of J
tbe Commute- on Transportation will be at Standard Hall, j
corner Thirteenth street and Michigan avenue. Home eon- i
trlbutlons of money will be re elpted for at Siaudard Hail.
Chicago Relief and Aid Societv.
HENRY W. KINO, President. I
Wibt Dbxtkb, Chairman Executive Committee, corner j
Michigan avenue and Thirteenth street.
CUAHBER OF C0.1MERCE RELIEF FIND.
Additional SnbucrlptloM from Thrpf I*. >T. of
October 21 Up to the Hame Time Octo
ber 33.
Morgan Iron Work*, for themselves and their em
ployes (!?I2 05
Mansiou House Relief Fund, by Lorl M .vor of
Lonon and Dreiel, Morgan 4 Co., X7,000 58,015 32
From the American Committee, London, by Drcxel,
M organ k Co 13,609 17
Mansion House JWiel Committee, b? Lord Mayor
ol LoDdon and Dreiel, Kiorc&u 4 do., Xt!,000 4S.50 65
Prom American Comn.ittee, London, by Urcicl,
Morgan 4 Co., XI, 100 6,988 08
lames flora, Manchester, hngland, X5 U 27-60
through John Armstrong?
Cash SM) HO
William Sherwood 4 Co 60 00
A. J. Smith 25 00
John Hunphy loin
St. Timothy's church... 67 00
Urace chap?I, New York, for Wisconsin aud Mlchljan 25 no
A lady, by Jesse Oakly 4 >'u Su 00
Charles K. Janjtieiln 60 OJ
Inmujh K. B. bruff?
Cortlandl falrncr 3- 110
Augustus Whiting SOU 0,J
E. M. Hillett, for Wisconsin 12) 00
E. M Willett lii HO
William Mann 60 00
fhrougn (Jeorge Deforest Lord?
Chapman, Scott 4 Crowell 2T0 (?0
Barlow, Laroc<ine 4 MuKar.und fiOO 01)
Barney, Holier 4 Parxuns 2.riO no
A1Ihti Matthews 60 i 0
J. K. Hill Si i
E. R. Robinnon SS 00
Prucliard, Oiioaf 4 Smith 100 Oj
Jonathan Edwards "-5 "0
Ja'urif H. I'o.im in 60 I u
ttioma* H Hodman 60 00
1. K. ummiiif,' 250 00
S. C. Williams 100 00
C. A. Van brunt 100 U0
Stephen A Wolker 100 l'i
Edmund Wetinore ?6 00
lion. H. W Robinson 60 00
r. J Joachimneu (second ?ubscrlptlon).. ?0 00
Edgar Ketchum 66 00
thru. M. Davis 6" 10
Adriaace 4 Wood 85 "0
Tracy, Oluxtead 4 Tracy 160 00
Darlee 4 Wors 75 W
smith K. Lane &r> 00
r. W. Clarke 60 00
Eldrtdfe T. (Jerry 260 00
L. A. 8. and T. M. W? Chicago and Michigan 60 00
Alpine M. K. church, Bergen county, S. J 82 78
Taioot 4 bone 100 on
I hurch ol the lloly Communion, New York <?j nO
Kt llartholomew's church, N. Y through Jacob Rene 86
Memorial church, Tarrytown, N. Y K; 76
baiuiial Wetmore Sw 0
r. M. Morrison 100 00 I
Cash.,, In 00
Cre? kill Sunday School. Oreskill, N. J., lor Michigan.. 00
Bt I'aul's Protestant Episcopal cborcb, Yorkrlile, for
Chicago and Michigan 160 00
BL I'aurs chapel, College Point, L. I., for Wisconsin
and Michigan 170 00
rbe Sunday school at Kitjgwood, Passaic county, A.
J., aod 6 gold. 8 ?0
Total. >0^.64(1 16
Prevloeeiy reported 6nt,6*ii m
Grand total through Chaml>er ef Commerce fttw4,&ui 68
Less for Wisoonsln aod MicLl.an.... 8,o.m 00
ToUl for Chicago f8o),i79 68
RecairilahillM Testertsy's Donation*.
RAoelrml at II SUA 1.1' offloe
chaahor of Commerce WM''
Kcjfty ssoond street Methodist Episcopal church
Handif igJiooi W
Cores tr mm V'srein (clothing. Jui^oo
ToUl reported to tt d, Ineluslrs ,*I?2'il2 25
Previous f reported I.WJWJjM
Collections in Europe tle.liw ui)
trial flask W
Add American supplies. dilJ.OUt (W
1*1 8^1*3 M
RCBHVC CHICAGO.
Further Sappllea Forwarded Per Erie Rail
way.
Orao* Church, Orange. M. J.? 3 barrel* of olothlng, 1 cue
of clothing.
No name? 1 cue of clothing,
B. Kuower, corner of Wortn and Church street*? 1 cm of
?bawl*.
ho name (Mew York and Button Bxpre**), t bundle* of
clothing.
No name (Mew York end Boston Express), I package* of
clothing.
Mrs. K. Crother, 689 Eighth arenue? 1 ho* of clothing.
First Company Seventh Regiment, National uuard Stat*
of New York- ft cases i>f cloth in*.
No name (.New Yora anu Boston Express), 1 package of
clothing.
From Mnrrl.anie? 1 case of clothing.
Primary School No. 1 ?3 cases of clothing.
From liarlem, New York and Bostou L*pre*s? J l>und!e of
clothing.
AJpUa Chapter Eastern Star Lod^e? 1 cas* of clothing. i
Supplies for the Northwestern SHflkrcr* For
warded YesterdaT.
Mrs. Dr. O'Nell. of Harlem, to Major of
Erie Kailroid (forwarded by E. G. I' finer, 178
2 packages of clothing: Friend. 8 boxes of hats It. Ho.an,
W I ast Fourth street. New ork. 8J barrels oi c ?'hln? un
known. 19 barren of necessities; from the ladies of Hobo
ken, Mrs. uufbery, Mrs. liearn, Mr*. Hopk ns, j Mrs. Elcke,
Mrs. schroda, *rs. Ashman. 1 case of old clothes from Mr*.
E. tJsnood, Cortlaoui strooi. I bundle of clothes from Mr*.
Roe. _____
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE COMMITTEE.
Diverting a Fart of the Funds from the
Chicago to the Forest Fire ftuOercre.
A meeting of tlie Committee of one Qnndred of
the eti umber of Commerce was Held at noon yester
day, Jotiu C. Green In tUe clialr. An artlcio In tbe
Illinois Status ze:tung, cliarglnsr tbat tbe funds
were not being properly distributed In Chicago, but
made sectional, was referred to the Committee of
Three, composed ot the Chairman, Vice Chairman
and Treasurer. The following gentlemen were ap
pointed a committee of ten, with Mr. Green at
chatrmiui, for the purpose of transacting the busi
ness of the commitiee at large, viz. George on
dyke, A. A. Low, Win. M. Vermllvea, ttam 1).
Babcock, John T. Johnstone, Jonathan riturgis,
S. P. Chittenden, Morris K. Jesup, u. Willis James,
R. Wurren Weston and Fraak A. How.
By Invitation ex-Governor Salomon and Mr.
Alexander Mitchell, of Milwaukee, addressed the
committee, urging a division of some ol the cblcago
fund for the relief of ihesuirerers by the forest flres
In the northeast. They described the people In a
famishing and destitute condition, and the reports
from there not at all exaggerated. Letters lrom
William B. Ogden and Governor Falrchild, of Wis
consin, sustained their statements,
Vermllye A Co., Henry Clewes, Drexell, Morgan A
Co., Jay Cooke A Co., Fisk A ilatch, National Bank
of Commerce, and other subscribers representing
$55,uoo to the Chicago fund, having asked the Com
mittee to devote as much of their subscriptions as
is necessary for the relief of the foresters, the Com
mittee of Three were delegated to place to the credit
of Governors Baldwin, of Michigan, and Falrchild,
of Wisconsin, $26,o?o.
A resolution was passed suggesting to all who
baa not yet subscribed to the Chicago fund the pro
priety of directing their donations for the reller of
the forest sufferers, aud Instructing the Treasurer to
open an account. Mr. Lowe announced that $5,430
had already Deen received and placed to this latter
fund. Jackson Schultz, of tne Committee of Fif
teen, for the relief of persons arriving here from
Chicago, reported that eight hundred or nine
bundred dollars had already been expeuded In such
relief in forwarding persons to England aud sup
plying the Immediate necessities of persons here.
They meet every day at the Chamber of Commerce
from one to three P. M. The committee then ad
journed.
WHAT TBS PEOPLE SIT 4\D DO.
The following letters, teiegrams and memoranda
will show what the people say and do
WHO HAS THE MONEY?
To Tnr, Editoh of tits Bksai.d:?
DeaB Sib? rho Mechanics' and Traders' Exchange took
np a collection for Chicajo. It amounted to oyer three
thousand dollars. 1 have scan no account of tho same lit the
p,ii)er?. W liat is the matter
A CONTRIBUTOR TO SAID FUND.
"HONOTt TO WHOM HOVOlt." ETC.
The amount credit?d In Chamber ol Commerce. list to A. F.
Peam A Co. should be A. F. Pease A Co. In the Commission
o/ Immigration list John A. De Grauw'a donation was
crcditeu to John A. Ue Uramo.
A. SLANDER RKPTTTED.
Nkw Yobk, Oct. 23, 1871.
To Tint KtilTOK of Tne II?r.\Li>:
un rc idling New York from Chicaso we are pained to
learn that a rumor has been set afloat to the effect teat the
funds for the relief of sutlercrs by the late conflagration in
Chicago are In the hanls o the wrunj mrn, and are being
misapplied or slTen m?re to the lrienat of the commitieo
than others. Such report is false.
Th? gentlemen forming the Relief Committee am of the
yery bust and mokt honorable in our city. Til.' lundt en
trusted to tbeir care ar" cistrlouted without regard to poli
t.ca, religion or nationality, where there is the most need
and most l-ooJ to b? done to all concerned.
WICLIAN BROSS, ex-Lieutenant Governor State of Illinois.
H. President Cou>?>" <'1"1 national Back of
H. Z. UUliVER, of Culver, Pa;e A Ilojrne, Chicago.
C. P. SAWYER, President Fo utls National Hank, Chicigo.
V. R. CAMERON, of Cameron, Amb^rg A Uoilm&n,
Chicago.
HOW TO SEN'D STPPLTES.
The following despatch was received yesterday
ClIIOAOO, Oct. 23, 1871.
G. T. NrTTFB. General Eastern A-jent Chicago and >orih
western Railway. 32H Broadway, Hew York:?
All eoodi for the tuQerirs by the fires In Wisconsin
will be forwarrfeJ t ree urer the Chicago and Korthwestorn
IO I. way if consigned to the Rc.ief Committee.
JUUN C. GAl'LT, General Superintendent.
MONET ACKNOWLEDGMENT.
George H. Pulman, Treasurer of the Chicago
Relief Fund, lia- acknowledged ihe receipt of i-fioo
from Mr. James T. King, President of the Ereuuan
Society of this city.
METHODIST L03SES IN CHX JASO.
Appeal to New York Methodist* for Aid
Address of Be*. Dr. Reirti of Chi ditto, to
the Preachers' Association? Resolutions and
Coin mil toes.
A very large number of Methodist preachers of
this city and vicintty gathered yesterday morning
at 805 Broadway. Rev. I)r. Crawford presided.
The topic discussed was, "Is the present outlooa of
the world favorable to the extension of Chris
tianity v" on which the Rev. George L. Taylor
opened. The discussion was then postponed until
next week to allow Rev. Dr. Reid, of Chicago, to
lay before the meetl ntt the condition and losses of
the Meihodlst Church In that city. The Doctor
lia4 with him a map of Chicago showing the
burned district, and he corrected the general
Impression which prevails here, that the greatest
portion of the city Is m ruins. The
largest pan still remains, bur the hen that laid
the golden epg bus perlsued? tho business por
tion of the city Is destroyed. Fully I5,00j houses and
build iugs have been sworn away, and at least 100,0 ?0
people rendered homeless and almost penniless.
There are still 40.00 houses standiug? some of ihem
of the very best class? on the souih and west ends
of the city; and there is consequently yet
A OBKAT CITY LEFT,
and by far the most populous of the two. Grant
place church and about thirty frame houses in the
extreme northwest end have been saved. Wabash
avenue Methodist Episcopal church wan saved, and
m the only house 011 the block that hu escaped,
Put there is not a t anking or business house or store
of any kind left In all the burned district? wnieh
covers an area of twenty-two square miles, or i!,5oo
acres, and Is live miles long from the point of be
ginning to the other extreme.
The question Is often us iced how it happened that
such a lanje city should have such Imperfect wator
works. The Doctor explained that the water works
were ample for all the warns of the city,
but, as he explained, there was a
most fearful hurricane blowing at the
time, and large pieces of burning umber were car
rier great distances t>y the wind, so that the water
porks were on lire while as yet the most northern
limit ol the conflagration was nearly half a mile
south, ami thus in uihtant places the city w?s burn
ing simultaneously. And this win account for tho
lives lost by being Hemmed in by the lire. The
latest and most reliable estimates fix this loss at
3oo. in one patch oi ground near the northeast end
of the burned district seventy petsons took refuge
ami every one of ihem perished, itev. Dr. Fowler,
well known in this city, and a party were thus
hemmed in, and only by the most heroic etTorta
were they saved, 'ihe banks had at iirst agreed to
pay lliteen per ccnt to their creditors, but they
aiterward decided to trust the people, and the peo
pie have trusted them, and the deposits since tlicy
reopened have largely exceeded the drafts, so that,
those institutions expect in a little while to be able
to pay every dollar of their indebtedness.
The spirit of self-oonfldmce which the people
manifest was beautifully illustrated, one of the
wealthiest men in the city, wuo has lo->t everything,
remarked to the Doctor the other day that Ula lather,
with a few others, had
RAISKb THE OiTY OfT OF A QfAGMIRl,
and their children could do the same thing again.
Anotuer, Judge Uuckrldge who has lost his all, in
the spirit ol Christian resignation, thanked God
that the ground was still under htm, the sky above
him, and the Almighty all about him, and he had no
tear lor the fuiure. Auu thli la the way the people
of Chicago feel.
Last week the Hock fllver Methodist Episcopal
Coniereuce was In session and this matter was
fully discussed, and the result was that a state
ment of the losses of the acnomlna Ion was
made out, and Drs. Keid, llati.eld and
Chaplain McCabe were appointed a committee
10 represent the interests of the denomination In
this aection of the country. Tue Methodist Hook
Koom in Chicago, valued at $100,000, has been con
sumed, and the total net loss, after deducting the
yalue of the ground and waatever insurance they can
recover, will reach between |6 ),ooo and $75,000. The
block on Clark street known as "the Church Iilock"
and valued at over $110,000 was also destroyed.
'Ihe church had an Insurance amounting to |t?3,oot)
on it, including insurance on rentals? an Idea
peculiar to Chicago. Very many of those rentals
arc Insured in British companies and arc safe, but
the bulk of them are gone with ihe local companies.
The annua t rental* amounted to about $90,9uj, and,
by the constitution or this Church. the proceeds
were to l>e forever devoted to the building of
Methodist churches and assisting weak oongrega
tions in Chicago. Aud iiiauy of the iatier will have
to give up how, UDless they can obtain help from
other quarters, Ttie utmost that can b? realized on
this property is $eo,oco, and it will require at least
liO'VJjQ to reprodaoe the destroyed buildings. Nr.
Wm. v\ heeler, oi>o of the weal i lues t men of this
Clark street church, has not a penny left, and others
are In a similar condition. And some of the mem
bers were stockholders in the insurance companies
and are personally responsible for the losses to their
creditors, so that thej are almost hopelessly in
volved. ltut 11 they can borrow money here
to help them over this crisis they hare firm
faltn in the ruturo. Grace church, which was origi
nally built at a cost of $100,000, Is also destroyed, and
its members are s.mllarly situated, bat more dis
astrously touched, if anything. There Is not a single
member or this-church or congregation who has
saved a dwelling or business nonse, or a siugle
thing to feed or clothe or shelter him.
Veiymucliof this information was obtained by
questioning the Doctor, and an luquiry having been
made as to General snerldau's presence la the city
the Doctor replied that the people ol Chicago will ever
have reason to thank Ood for Hliil Sheridan. This
brought down a storm of applause.
The Methodists have also lost two Scandinavian
ana one German church, and a couple of German
Lutheran churches have also been destroyed. The
Albright Methodists, whom the Doctor hoped would
soon be in the Methodist Episcopal Church, had also
lost heavily.
TUB OARRETT BIBLICAL INBTTTHTB
Is also destro* ed. The property, orlglually donated
to the institute by Mrs. Garrett, was valued at
$.xo,ooo. The trustees tore down the old wigwam
In which Mr. Lincoln was nominated, and built on
lis site substantial structures worth $130,000, from
which they received rentals amounting to $so,ooo.
They also built lleck Hall, and were rapidly fund
ing all their debt, and In a few years
would have had it extinguished. The annual current
expenses of the lustitute were about $15,000. But
they have lost everything, and have a debt on their
shoulders or $92,0u0. They are unable to pa\ their
processors the quarter's salary now due, and' these
must suffer with ttie rest. The Northwostern Uni
versity is comparatively safe and not in need of im
mediate help. From the best estimates which Ills
conference could colleot the denominational loss of
property, after deducting value of ground, Insur
ances. Ac., will amount 10 $u24,ooo, to satisfy which
they have? nothing. The Couierence appointed a
committee of seventeen of its members to receive
and distribute such denominational gifts as their
brethren in the East mtsrht send them. And this
committee has chosen Mr. A. E. Bishop, of the Cen
tenary Methodist Episcopal church, to act as their
immediate recipient, to whom all donations in
money or kind may he sent as above. Hitchcock A
Waldeu, of Cincinnati, and Carlton A Lanahan,
of New York, will receive and forward all
sums of money left with them. Heveral or
the ministers out there have been reduced to great
straits, and Dr. tteld mentioned the case of a Kev.
Mr. Morey, whose family had had nothing to eat
for tweoty-four hours and were suffering (rum
hunger and exposure. Mr. Morey went to some
members 01 a former charge or his who had escaped
and begged something to eat for his starving
family, which was promptly given.
Arter neartng tnis Interesting narrative the
preachers seemed prepared to take some siep, and
Dr. Foster, or Drew Theological Seminary, moved
that there bo
APPOINTED A COMMtTTHT? OP PITS
(afterwards raised to ten) to confer with the Chi
cago Committee and ascertain what Interests of the
denominatiou needed attention most ana In what
way the case can be best brought before the atten
tion of tne churches here. Dr. Curry suggested
that, as the money must come, If at all, trom the
laymen, they be appointed on this committee. He
bad no taith in anything they could uo by church
collections. The churches are already pledged to as
manv collections as they can very well bear, and
any additional ones will take irom those required for
connecrional church purposes. The ministers'
committee, consisting 0: Drs. Tiffany, Carry, King,
Crawford and Andrews, was then aopolnted, with
power to select their lay associates.
Liberality of lh? Boat on Methodists.
Boston, Oct. 23, 1871.
The regular meet in? or the Methodist preacneis,
held in Wcsieyan Hall to-day, was fu.ly attended
by clergymen and laymen. The following resolu
tions were adopted:?
First? That we heartily approve the appeal* pnt forth by
our brethren la Chicago and the Northwest for help, ami we
pledge our co-operation in raisin: tue amonni of (flal.OOO re
Sulr^d to meet New England'* share of $2(10,000, which we
e?m the cause of Melhodlara in that section urgently de
mands.
Sr'o.trl? That we rerommend that tbe churches in other
cities, such us Providence, Spi Ingneld, Worcester. New Hed
ford. Vail River, Lynn, Haverhill and all other lead ng place*,
hold mass meetings to further this object.
Tltinl? That wo recommend all our ctiurctaei in New Eng
land to take up collodions on the second Sabbath in Novera
ber, and we also request that collections be taken In our Sun
day school* on the same day Tor the same purpose.
A committee of twenty was appoluteu to take
such lurihcr action as shall be deemed necessary.
THE FOREST FIRS FUND,
^?*1 t!?r a O^rult l|/w4 '?iyo IT on Atlfl ?t|f
for the Foresters.
The following additional snras were contributed
yesterday lor the famishinsr settlers in the North
west who have suffered by the forest fires:?
Itecelved at the Herald Office.
yum*.. Amount.
Lizzie 92 Oil
J. H 6 CO
Alex. McWhorter SO 00
C. H. H 1 0U
M. A. P 6 <M
Dennel Literary Aaaoeiatlon M 70
Pupi'.s M'aa McCoriniek'a Infant school.... 6 OJ
A Uovuiet I 00
Total $117 70
Employe* or Truman C. Newton's Hat Man
ufactory, 3?.J and 327 Went Fifteenth
Klreot.
Truman C. Newton S5 00
Martin Gordon 3 00
William LtHwtg 3 91
Jamea Blake 9 00
Richard Bill 2 00
E. R. Gardiner 3 00
PeterSneff 1 00
William H. Green 1 flu
Joseph Welaentierg 1 00
Peter McMahon...... 1 (M
William Miller 1 00
Oliver Roger* 100
Jacob Woolley 1 00
A. N. Kip 1 00
Frank Purdy 1
Jamea S- Dan* I 00
John Mom 1 00
Frank Kearney 1 00
John Doyle 1 00
Gollleb Hertzog., 1 00
Louis Keid. 100
Charles Grtatoff 1 i)0
Courtland Mailory 1 l>0
W. A. Williams 1 00
Edward Kh.ut 1 0u
Georae Reld 1 00
William Ackeraon. 1 Oti
William Mablke 1 ?>0
Charles Klein 1 00
Max Eberle 1 0"
Cbarlet Zimmerman 1 00
Fred Scblanbuach 1 00
Jacob Riimmei 1 AO
Frank Fisher 1 0?
William M. Bootay 100
Jamra Connerton 100
James Kenny 1 00
Lenhart Burgler 1 00
William Tbomtler 1 00
Jullua Horn. 1 00
Ida Roberta 1 00
Total #80 00
Total received T<>?ter'ay 117 70
Previously .reported 3,2o9 19
Grand total $3.3-^t> hi)
Collected by Cnflin, llrniidrcti Sc. Co.
E. H. Van Ingen A CO...IJ100 Wm. M. Gawtry k Co.... *35
Hlrsbklnd, Parker k Co. ?50 Weeks ,t- Glider 25
P. Vletor k Acholl* 5t? P. L. F rem an Co 26
Morlson, son k 11 ut chin Previously acknow
?on.... SO I edged 1.315
Total $1,W0
Clothing irom A. der Brothers Ji Co. i value) 36
Total
Collected by Mr. E. C. Finlirr, of 178 H road
way.
South Third street (Brooklyn. K. D.) Methodist
Episcopal ciiuroh, Wm. T. lllll, paitor t^O "0
Scholars of PnWlo School No. II, Brooklyn UOii 00
Cuaii for iweuly-tive victims (.Inventor) 25 00
Total 00
Pravluusly reported 1.256 79
Grand total 75
Collected by ihe Treawnrrr of Doinfnflc >11"
aionn Kcfurm Dulcb t Lur.b or Ameri per
John It. Mnllb.
Jacob H. Wetmore 100 ?Second Reformed church
liaries Dana loo I ai i (town. additional. $.".7
Everett P, Wheeler 25 S. II. .Willi... 10
J. K. A 10 Cash... 5
L. K. M 15 M. A. 8 6
??Every Little Helps" b F. L Ill
"An Adopted Dutchman" e J. B. t' 10
Sabliath Kchool of the He- J. Simmon, Newburg 6
formed church, Lafay- F,rst Itolormed church.
ette. N. J 60 an Vorst, ,1. O 21)163
Twelfth slreat Reformed Noith Reformed church,
cbui on, Brooklyn, L. I. 155 69 Brooklyn iS 47
Total "ijis25 78
Previoualy received 1,42119
Total *7246 97
?The previous contribution of this eli'.irefe of ""111 15 waa
erroneously credited aa Trora the 1 Irst church, Tarrjtown.
R (?capitulation.
Received at Hfraxti oflice (M17 70
By i 'all i n, Hrun Irett k Co 360 m)
By K. C. Fisher 415 M)
From Forty-second street Methodiil Episcopal
church colleollo 76 00
Received by Chamber or Commerce 8,023 ifl
Treasurer Dutch Keioiuittl Ctuxoh of America Kih 71)
Total yestarday M.HOtf 48
Previously repoited..... 117,764 44
Grand total ^nii
TEE PARK COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. flenry Hilton Rises to
Explain.
He Uaea Some Plain Language tad Invites the
Most Bigid Investigation? An Opinion from
Mr. Vanderpoel on the Official Rela
tions Existing Between the Comp
troller and the Commissioners.
Mr. Henry nilton, of tbe rark Commissioners,
yesterday sent tlie following communication, to
gether with an "opinion" from Mr. Vanderpoel, the
counsel for the Commissioners, to the City Comp
troller:?
Dbpabtmbht or Ppbmo Pabk#,
285 Bboadwat, Nkw York, Oct. 23, 1871. J
To the Compti.ollbb of tbe Citv of New York
Dfa* Sin On behalf of this department I bare to
acknowledge receipt of a commuoteatlon from your Deputy,
under date of i7tl> Instant, informing ut that you had de
posited to our credit *10o,0;lC, being avails of assessment
bonds Issued by you on our benslf and you are pleased to
present for our consideration certain facts and suggestions,
some of which we propose to notice. _
I.? That we hare expended In maintaining the Central and
oilier paries uuJer our charge a greater amount than the
$186,000 which was appropriated for the purpose by the
Board of Apportionment under the Two Per Cent act.
As i member of that Board you are aware of the iaot that
this sum was appropriated to our department, not because it
was deemed >n any sense sufficient for the purpose, or with
any intent to reduce our estimates submitted to the Board,
but only and simply because there was no greater sum of
money, tbe avails of the Two Per Cent tax, left remaining
applicable to the necessities of this department.
The question was subsequently presented to oar contida
ration whether, after this #188, 0UU had been expended, w#
should discharge all lbs employes and police of tlie depart
ment and permit Central ana the city parks to remain un
cared for and open public commons, subject to waste and
destruction, or whether we should continue, as has been tho
usual course In such cases.
We did not hesitate to deolde that our duties as pubUo offi
cers demanded we should do as we hare done and as was
tbe custom of our predecessors maintain the parks at all
necessary cost, and borrow the money actually needed irom
funds tn our possession for purposes of park improvements,
to bo repaid in the usual manner by provision for deficiencies.
II. That we hare expended during the three-quar
ters of the present year upon Central Park ?885,06# 14 and
upen tbe other city parks $80,884 61, making $4 to, 922 66 for
care and government only.
This statement Is entirely accurate, ?nd If you Intended by
It tj produce an unfavorable pubiio impiession of our man
agement we take occasion to say that tha results procured
and work performed by us in tn# care and government of
Central Park bus been at a less rate of expenditure than that
of the former Central Park Commission for equal service,
and as to the city parks it has been at very much leas than
heretofore expended upon them by the city government.
Thus the former Central Park Commissioners expended
annually on Central Park $800,060, the amount appropriated
by law for maintenance, together with about $4u,u00 In
excess, which the treasurer, Mr. Ureen, always drew from
other funds within tbe control of the Commission, tbe avails
of assessment bonds, Ac. They had besides an annual ap
propriation of $8u,000 for tbe care of the museum and ob
servatory, making a total of $370,000, and which was ex
pended In maintenance under regulations requiring ten
hours' labor tj constitute a day's work. The eight
Hour law controlling all public departments neces
sarily increasod this expenditure to produce like results
one-flftb, or equivalent to $74,000. The Inadequacy of the
former force or park and gate keepers was well known, call
ing for the constant detail of laborers to perform police duty.
Not approving of this course we added forty additional police
or park keepers, making a total of 117 men to guard over 800
acres of public park, and six of whom have been neoessarily
detailed to protect and preserve the tlarlem River bridges at
Macomb's Dam and Third avenue. This addition Involves
an expense of $60,000 per annum, or about $1,600 for tbe pay
and clothing of each man. Add $18,000 for music and $15,009
for fireworks and we have a total of $537,000.
Upon tbe city parks the usual expenditure, with defioenciet,
was from $70,OC0 to $95,000 per annum. Add one-fifth as be
fore for difference in labor? $19,000 -would give us $114,0*10
for their care alone, to equal that expendel heretofore. We
considered that under tbe law we were bound to protect and
preserve these city parks, over twenty in number, by a proper
police force, and accordingly have appointed for thai pur
pose thirty-eight p.irkkeepers, at an annual cost of about
Ot'ly-f even thousand dollars, makings total for these parks
and Central Park of $708,0t>0 per annum on the basis of
former expenditures. Now, you will perceive that our expen
diture Is far below this sum, being for five-sixths of the
working year $447,000, or at the rate of $5.'2,00J per annum,
and $186,000 per annum loss than that heretofore expended
to produce far inferior results.
8. That during tbe past year and a half this department has
expended In permanent Improvements and structures upon
Central Park and tbe various city parks $2,319,867 a4.
As this statement is evidently made with the intent to mis
lead tbe public mind and produce a false Impression of tue
necessity for this expenditure, we mtint here take occasion to
say, your deputy could have Informed you that the late Cen
tral Park Commission left hs legacies to tills department very
manv extravagant and uncompleted structures but as they
had either progressed too far to change or were partially
under contract, or were obviously in need of speeiiy com
pletion we did not hesitate in urging their progress. Of tbe
amount thus expended In construction near two-thirds was
laid out upon the city parks, which speak for lliemse On
Central Park the money was appiied toward completing the
Belvldere, an unnecessarily extravagant structure; tbe Con
servatory, more expensive, and so badly located as to en
hance lis cost far beyond what it should be the stables,
much needed, but too elaborate for the purpose; tbe Park
exterior walls, very costly; the Paleo/.nic Museum,
wi.lcb we tlnally abandoned, and restored the
Park wall on Eighth avenue; tbe Dairy: pavlnq
and completing the transverse roads completing the Eight*
avenue circle also tbe square at Fifth aveuue and Fifty
ninth street, both of which were conceived by the tormer
Commissioners, and are wholly unnecessary and useless;
completing the Terrace and tbe great fountain basin, Ac., Ac.
Besides these we built the Hheepfold, a beautiful ctructure,
built several expensive bridges; constructed a main sewer,
with tunnel, from the menagerie to Fifty-ninth street; raised
the grade or Eighth avenue, fronting Manhattan square, some
eighteen leet; also filled In tho streets and avenues about that
square. Including a large portion of tbe square proper, which
ljes In most part from twenty to forty feet below trade;
adapting a large portion of tbe west side of the Park to the
new Eighth avenue grade for the dlsiance of nearly two
miles, including a change of most oi the Eighth avenue en
trances to the Iran verse roads; rehabilitated tbe old Arsenal
building and created within it a perfect Museum, besides
affording offices for tbe proper admlulstrstlon of
the business of the department; constructed
bouses, menageries and aviaries about the Museum
for the exhibition of the tropical and other ani
mals and birds completed sidewalks on Fifth avenue for
over a mile laid over a mile of Park wall relaid tbe Park
walks several miles in extent erected a number of cottages
for women and children paved Fifty-ninth street, Ac., Ac.
All these works have been carried on In tbe moat careful
and prudent manner, and for everv dollar expended substan
tial value has been received upon the city property, ana we
do not fear to assert that our work in every respect will com
pare favorably, both In economy and durability, with any
similar work done for account of private Individuals.
All our mirchases and all our contracts have been made
with merchants and contractors of undoubted character and
ability at tbe lowes tcash pries, and we challenge tbe fullest
Inquiry and scrutiny into our every act in this respect or in
u; other.
We know we bave been faithful to the public interest, and
our only fault in tbe eyea of a few economists would seem to
be thst we hsve done, a greater amount of work within a
limited time than has ever before been accomplished In a
like period In tne administration of our city affairs.
We think the public fully approves of this tact, but should
we learn otherwise, there Is no difficulty in avoiding it in
futurs by adopting tbe usual course of taking years to com
plete wnat ran and should be done In a few months.
IV. That this department is subject to the control of vour
self, and all its bills and payments must be auulted be you.
Having already expressed an adverse opinion on Ibis point
we communicate now tbe opinion of our counsel, A. J. Van
derpoel from which it will appear that the sections of the
charter' quoted by you' have no application to this de
partment. Under the laws we succeeded to all tbe powers
and duties of the Iste Central Patk Commissioners as a state
body created by the Legislature, and in the language of chap
ter 383 of the Eaws of 1870, passed subsequent to tbe charter,
"Nothing tn any set contained shall be deemed, construed or
taken to abrogate or impair auy of the powers or duties" so
conferred upon our predecessors and transieired to us as
their successors.
It was never heretofore pretended or claimed by yourself
or any one else that the former Commissioners were subject
to the control of your department, and we hold toward you
the same relation as our predecessors, exercising all their
duties.
Respecting our pay rolls: You are aware thst your deputy
is still a Commissioner of this department. At all times our
pay rolls and vouchers am open to his inspection or the In
spection and fullest scrutiny of any responsible committee
desiring to Investigate any matter relating to them but as
Touchers belonging to the hies oi the department we cannot
part with their custody.
Finally, we must again ask yonr sttentlon to filling oar
requisitions for moneys to carry on the works now progress
ing tinder us snd paying (he large amount of audited bills
of various parties against tbe department for contract work,
tools, materials Ac., heretofore furnished.
Tbe amount you have supplied us of late Is wholly Inade
qnate to the purposes required, as. after liquidation the pay
roll ot laborers, Ac., noth.ng remains for those who bave
performed work under contracts or furnished materuls, >c.,
manv or whom are greatly in need ol the amounts uow long
due tbem.
Yours, very respectfully,
HENRY HILTON, Treasurer,
Department of Public Parks.
Opinion mf Mr. Vnndcrporl.
To tit* Bo>*r> o r Commi88iom:r8 or tii* DrrABT
HFN1 Of Pi 111.10 I'AltKb IN TH* ClTT OF N*W JTOXK
I am a*ked the follow, n3 <|Ueition Whether the Depart
ment of Public Park* le itihtect to the Control 0; the Comp
troller of the city of New York, and whether lti pavmeutl
mult be audited and allowed by him t
The lie', paucd April 17, 18S7, entitled "An act for the regu
lation and government of tbe Central Park," pinned the
Central I'arn under a Board or lonimiuioner*, named by
the Lexlllatuie.
The tenth *ectlon required the Mavor, Alderman and Com
monalty to create and l?ue a mock denominated "The Cen
tral Park Improvement Fund," an t br unction 12 the moneyt
railed Irom ihii itock were required to be depoilted with
one of the truil companlen or in a bank or banki, ai either
?bould tie designated l>y tiie Board. These money* could by
that lection or.lv be drawn from the hank by a warrant
?igned by at eait a majority ot the CotamllMoner*. ami
countersigned by the Comptroller of the city, upon tiling
with bin the receipt* or other voucher* therefore.
>>n the 15th of April, lfAH, thti lystem.io far as requiring
the warranti to be counterilgned ny, and tbe roucheri hied
with the Comptroller, wti changed. The Legislature
amended the act of April 17. I'u7. and enacted, by aectlon t>,
th >it "the Moneyi mentioned tn the twelfth sect loo of the act
hereby amende I may he drawn tr im the bank In which they
may l?e depoilted, by warrant* signed by a majority of the
laid Commissioner* in oflloe, and all receipt! and voucher!
?hall be tile.i In tbe oflice oi laid Board.
Hubiequent to 1 various acts were paired, requiring the
Comptrulle- to provide additional amount! and fundi to be
deposited to the credit of the Commliitoneii, and I'rawn out
upon their warrant, and the money! thin deposited were to
be applied by tbe Board to the payment ol III* expenses of
the maintenance and government of the Park and other
proper' lei placed in their charge. Of ihm character were ilia
act! of May 1H, IgflU; of February 10, IHrSfi; of April 24,
1840; of A prll 4. 1 Ht?6 of Apili 24, 1887; and the Obtervatory
ac' of Mav fi, HWfc
The twelfth article of the charter ol April t, 1*70, lubit en?
t tally providei that all provlilom of law which provide for
the maintenance and government of the Central Park
or provide salary for the Comptroller ol laid park ihnll
apply to the Department of Pu'dln I'arki therebv eetahllihed,
mid to tbe Commiisloneri and Comptroller of the Park De
partment respectively.
The aet of April 1*70, making further provillon for the
government of the city of New Tori, provided that all act*
corilerrlne power* and devolving duties upon the Hoard of
Commliilonerl of the Central Pirk *<re thereby transferred
to an I conferred upon thn Department ot Public Park*, and
nothing In any act contained wa* to be deemed, conitrued or
taken to abrogate or impair any power* or dutlei *o uon
ierred on the Department of Public Park*.
The act of May ft, 1H7U, naiM I a month after the charter,
adhered to the lyitntn estanlnhed by the heglalaluree of the
pri v.oui ten yean, and required the Comptroller of the mly
I', ilepoilt to the credit of the Departmeut of Puhllo Paris,
with such bank or truet company ai ihould t>? deiignaled by
yoor department, inch mini a! It ihonld Irom time to lime I
i teuuuet wrneut for aov service*. work of material lufl-
I nlshed under my contrast, proceeding or oMierwts* for
I Inn out, opening, regulating, grilling or other w lie improving
onr street avenue, road, publlo square or place, tiw con
struction or maintenance of which by law it or shallto*
under the direction, control or management of said Depart
me lit ill Public 1'ar-ka, tpeeilying on what particular work of
proceeding* the money wai required.
1 he act ol April 6, 1871, whicn wat entitled "An aet In re
lation to the poweri and dullea of the Hoard of (,'ommU
iit mers of the I>epartment ol Public Parks, including pro
vision for the several public parks, muaret and placet and
ot'.ier works under the juris Jlc tlan and illrection of the said
department In the city of New York," being the latett leumla
tiou on thla subjeot, In it* tifih section contained provisions
In perfect harmony with and almost Identical with those
established for the Oommlttioners of Central Park before
creation of the Department of Public Parks. It required
the Comptroller to Itsue and deposit the moneys to the
credit of the Department of Public Parks to be use I and
appropriated by the Board for the construction, improve
ment and regulation of the several publlo parks, squares ftqd
r laces In the oity, which, by law, now are or may hereafter
e under their control and management, and also for the
construction and equipment of a meteorological and astron
omical ebtervatorv and a conservatory on Central Parle.
In said city and also for the construction of museums or
art an J natural history, as herein provided, and fur the par
poses contemplated by tne said act, Ac.
It will be seen by an examination of these acts that the en
tire control of the parks is given to the Department <>f Public
Parks, and that U alone has entire charge and control of the
disbursements ot the moneys therefor.
The provisions of the charter allowing the Finance Depart
ment to settle and adjust all claims in favor or against the
Corporation and all accounts In which the Corporation is
concerned as a debtor oan have no application in those eases
in which (as In the Department of Public Parks) the Comp
troller Is directed to deposit the monev to the credit of the
department on the requisition of the Board, who are author
ised and directed to make all disbursements therefrom.
The requisition of the Department of Public l'arki upon
the Comptroller In the form pretcrlbed bv the statute in that
behalf for the moneys which he Is required to deposit Is the
voucher which Is to he kept In the Cltv Comptroller's olDoe,
?bowing the disposition of the monev made by Mm.
N?W York, Oct. 21, 1871. A. J. VANDfcKPOEL.

THE SINKING FUNS.
Meeting of* the Board of*
Commissioaors.
A Modest Bill for Appraising the City Property
Only $152,500 for a Few Hours' Work?
The Eighteenth Ward Water Front
Puranant to adjournment ttie commissioners of
the Sinking Fund met at tbe Mayor's office yester
day at two o'clock. There were present May#r
Hall, Recorder Hackett, Deputy Comptroller Green
and City Chamberlain Bradley. The venerable Sec
retary had been obliged to ran after soma docu
ment he needed, and he came In pulling In a man
ner that would have done credit to an East HI ver
towboat. After he bad mopped the perspiration
from his brow, and had blown himself Into proper
condition, he unwound his red tape, and then read
the minutes or the last meeting.
Mayor Hall then said he had a communication
from Cortlaodt Palmer and nis associates to the
Comptroller In relation to payment for their
LABOK IN ESTIMATING THE CITY PROPERTY.
Here Mr. Gbben asked to be excused for a few
minutes, and, grabbing his hat, went out. What he
went out for was not ascertained.
Recorder Hackett asked if there was not some
business they eonld go on with until his return.
Mayor Hall said that under the statute nothing
could be done unless the Comptroller were present.
Tbe Mayor then handed Mr. Bradley a bootmaker's
circular, saving, "Ton are running lor office. I am
not. There is a place to get your boots made."
This made Mr. Dlkeman laugh, likewise Mr. Storrs,
Who was present, and a number of others.
Mr. Bbadlby found tbe man did not keep In bis
district. This made the gentlemen laugh again.
Then the Mayor banded Mr. Bradley a clicul&r In
relation to the reception of the great and coming
Russian? Alex. Just then Mr. Gret? returned and
the Mayor proceeded to read the letter, which
was signed by Cortlandt Palmer, A. J. Bleecker and
A. H. Muiier. They bad appraised the city real
estate and found it to be wortn $-44,00tM)O0. Their
legal fees woulu be one per cent; but as the amount
was so large they would take $162,500, or one-six
teenth of one per cent, as tlielr pay.
Recorder Hackbtt became Indignant. lie would
not vote, he said, to pa} such a bill as thai. There
should have been some stipulate I sum to be paid
them for their labors.
Chamberlain Bradley remembered when he and
the present Tax Receiver, Mr. Smyth, bad been
selected to appraise some property lor the commis
sioners of Chanties and Correction. Their legal fee
would bave been <,ooo, an t they considered them
selves well paid on receiving lie thought that
Comptroller Connolly had been directed by tne Board
to make some arrangement with those gentlemen aa
to the cost or having the property appraised.
Recorder HACKErr said that while there were
men employed at $8, out) or $10, ow, who had to
np uw? iwohty aw ?k Iximti t"l, but par
haps a hundred thousand, pieces of property iu a
year, he certainly
WOITLD not vote to pay
these gentlemen He asked that the resolu
tion authorizing their appointment be read.
It was read, and the provision to which Mr.
Bradley referred was found to conclude the resolu
tion. The subject was then relerrcd to the Coinj*
trailer, and Mr. Green promised that he would look
into the matter.
Mr. Green then read a paper which was supposed
to refer to some property in Chatham street. What
it was about or what he said about It could not he
lieard half a dozen feet from where he sat. The
Mayor, seeing that Mr. Green's mustacbe;had ceased
moving, said:?1' All in favor of tbo resolutions say
aye; all opposed no? It is carried." Mr. Greeu's
mustache moved again, and his head nodded. The
Mayor said the roll was called for. The roll was
called and everybody said ave.
Mr. Bradley then called attention to tbe subject
of leasing the water front opposite the Eighteenth
Ward Market to the Department or Docks, and
asked that the matter be referred to Mr. Jonn
McKeon, counsel to the Board.
Mr. Grken, looking toward tbe Mayor with an
expression half of interrogation and half of aston
ishment, asked If the Counsel to tne Corporation
was not counsel to the Commissioners, lie did not
know, of course, that Mr. McKeon was formerly
fighting the powers that be; that ho was a fierce re
former, and had been rewarded with the place of
Counsel to the Commissioners or tbe sinking Fund.
Mr. Green's peculiar nod, on being informed that
the Corporation Counsel was not counsel to the
Board, was very ominous. Another head may fall.
Tbe subject was then, on resolution, referred to
tbe counsel to the Board, after which the meeting
adjourned.
Mertlnc of tbr street llrnnini Commission.
Pursuant to adjournment, the Hoard of Commis
sioners having charge of tne cleaning or the public
streets met yesterday at the Mayor's office. The
bill referred to the comptroller at the la?t meeting
wan called np. Mr. Green said the amount for
cleaning the streets under appropriation had been
all paid out by the Finance Department, and he dia
not know anything about the extra work claimed to
have been done.
Mayor Hai,i, said he had sljrned the bills as the
inspectors had certified that the work hail been
done. The bill was then andlted alter some slight
discussion, and the mcctlug adjourned.
The City l'nlher.*' Attcutinn to UiiilnfM.
The boards of Aldermen and AaeUUnt Aldermen
were caned together yesterday, but there were not
enough of cither i>ody present to transact any busi
ness. There are almost three hundred pages of
"general orders" on the books of unfinished busi
ness waiting to be disposed of. but the )>o?irds can
not be got together to do the work allotted to tliem,
or whlcb they have brought on thoinseives.
Money for Ike Department of Public In
Mtru'ilon.
Deputy Comptroller Green paid over yesterday to
the Department of Public Instruction ihc Hum of
$?250,000 tor the salaries of the teachers and em
ployes el that department.
Payment to the Depnrtinent ol Park*.
Deputy Comptroller Green paid yesterday to the
Department of Public Parks Ihc sum of $50,000,
being ou account of avails ol assessment bonds.
THE FRANKLIN STATUE.
The arrangements for the laying of the corner
Btone of the Franklin statue in I'rluttng Bouse
Square are now completed. The ceremony will
take place on Thursday next, at one o'clock, ac
cording to the beautiful ami Impressive ritual of
the Masonic body. M. W. John H. Anrnon, Grand
Master of Masuns of the state of New York, will
officiate as head of the Grand Lodge.
The statue Itself, however, will not be placed
upon its final resting place until the 17th of January,
of next year? Franklin's birthday? whon it will be
unveiled with all due honors. It is not yet com
pleted, but tne plaster cast lias been finished, and It
is probable that It will ire moulded Into "enduring
bronze'' bclore the end of the year.
HIGHWAY B0BBEBY,
The Tknca of the Twenty-Oral Ward.
On Htif)'t?y night, about tan o'clock, while Michael Duffy,
of No. 930 Kait Thirty -flret street, mi golnc home along
Second avenue*, three men attacked and robbed him of hie
w*l?h. OUIoer Welfth, of the Twenty-#r?t, who happened to
he in the I mm*'! lute neighborhood, gave chase to the thieve*,
who ran down Tlility nrat eireet, toward* the Ka*t Hirer.
On arriving at the corner of Klr?t sveuue Officer Wal?h
waa *41 near to the lirgllive* that they took refuge In the
liquor store kept by Mr. Cirmlaky. When, however, the
officer aearrhed the premise* h* wa* unable to find but one,
Jarnr* MnKenna, In whom poaaeialon wa* discovered Dillf
wateh. MnKenna wa* arraigned yesterday at the YorSrllle
f'Hjee Court, where he wa* rommltted for trial in default of
i. all Tne police are In anarch of McKenna's rom
paoioii*, wao wlll| prooably, In a tew daft loilow in hi* feot
THE COURTS
Deadlock in the Criminal Business of the United
8'atas Circuit Court? Judicial Strictures There
on?Alleged Forgery? Violations of the In
ternal Revenue Law? Brief Hearing in the
Ingersoll Case? Injunction Against Wells,
Fargo Co.? lhs Stokis-Fisk Case
Important Questions of Practice.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT.
flitcb la the l'ublic Bnnlnrw.
Judge Benedict entered Coart yesterday at the usual hear,
for the purpose of disposing of the cases upon the criminal
calendar. Uis Honor, however, was unable to make asy
advance in the discharge of the public business, owing la
the fact that the Marshal bad failed to brine the prisoner*
down from Ludlow strest jail. After waiting for half aa
hour the Judge inquired of llr. Purdy. t.'nited States
Assistant District Attorney, If the prisoners had been yet
brought down. Mr. Purdy replied he expected then
everv moment, adding that though it was not the duty of tbe
District Attorney to procure the ultendanco of prisoners, ha
was most anxious that there should be uo delay whatever oa
bis part in bringin.!; them to trial.
Ju Ige Benedict very emphatically and very properly re
marked that It was very wrong to have the time or the Court,
the l ar and the juror* wasted In this manner. Valuable time
had been lost and nothing had been done. U was quit* evi
dent there was a great derelict ion of duty somowhers, aud he
should like to iiud out wnere it was.
The Judge then directed Mr. Shields to call over the nioM
of the petit jurors. Mr. Shi -Ids called the Jurors, aud sev
eral answered to their name*.
The Court was adjourned till this morning.
It is proper to observe that the Court s it last Monday tor
the purpose of trying criminals, and, though eight days have
now gone over, not a single criminal case lias yet beea
brought to trial. Where the fault lies it is hard to say.
Sometimes the government is ready, and sjmetluics it U not.
Krnquent'y prisoners cannot be found, und as often their
caics are "reserved"? we sup iose quietly put Into "pigeea
holes"? never more to be heard of upon the legal wage.
UNITED STAT5S~C0M^SSi0N?R'S COUBTI
Charge of Opening n Letter In the Post Offleo.
Before Commissioner Osbnrn.
The Unitml State* tw. John Moon.? The defendant, who hs4
been an assistant inspeotor in tbe box department of Um
Post Office, was charged with opening and embezzling a let
ter containing an order for S3. Counsel for defendant made
a lengthened argument, contending that there wae no evi
dence whatever to show that Mr. Moon bad em bezzled the
letter or its contents. He had merely openod the leuer,
the envelope of which was torn, for the purpose of redirect
ing It, as he bad previously done In other similar cases, and
bis lengthened connection wim tbe Post Oiliee and his easy
circumstances went to disprove the fact that he Intended to
steal, embezzle or destroy the letter. Mr. Davies, for Um
fovernmenV, very briefly replied, leaving the whole case to
he Judgmeut of the Commissioner. The Commissioner da
oiiied that the prisoner shall wait the action of the Urand
Jury on the charge of opening the letter. Mr. Moon Is oat
on ball.
Charge of Passing Counterfeit Money.
Belore Commissioner Shields.
The United St ite.i tu. ChrUi in Ohle.?' The defendant, wM
was represented by Mr. Robert N. Watto as oouncel, had
been charged with passing a $20 counterfeit bill. Tbe fasts
showed that there was no evidence to support the accusation,
and the defendant was, therefore, honorably discharged.
Alleged Personation ol a Itevenue O Hirer.
The United Stite* v*. Wilh'um Smith.? The defendant was
charged, with two other persons not found, for having. pe?
sonated a revenue officer, and In such capacity obtained
$328 from a cigar dealer as a settlement for an alleged viola
tlon of the internal revenue law. After hearing the testi
mony the Commissioner dismissed the complaint.
COURT OF OYER AHD TERMINER.
Adjournment Till Next M#!iday""A Movement
for Jail Delivery*
Before Judge Barnard.
This Court met at eleven A. M. yesterday, pursuant to a*
journmeut. The room waa thronged tn tue expectation that
tbe trial of
MDBDX* OASVS
would be commenced, there being three cases of this class os
the calendar. Mr. Abraham H. Hummel state. 1 as the oases
were called that Mr. William F. Howe, counsel for the prle
oners, waa engaged In the Court of <>eneral Sessions aad
therefore could not attend, and that he would probably
be busily occupied there during the wees. Upon this state
ment tbe trial of these cases was postponed till neit Monday
and the jury discharged till that time. Following thla a
movement waa luauguruted looking to a
OEffFSAL J All. 1>KI.IVK*Y
of the present Inmates of Ludlow Street JalL It began wits
a brier consultation between the Judge and Assistant lustrlct
Attorney Sullivan and the former ban tins to the latter a list
which had been returned ot the prisoners confined in Ludlow
Street Jail, many of whom, from Inability to lind ball or to
Jay tines, nave remained In prison for a creat length ot t.me.
udge Barnard required Mr. Sullivan to examine Into the facia
relating to the.se oasis andafter suitable inquiry to bring e tch
oi them as he thought right to the attention of the Court of
Oyer and Terminer on the opening of the Court next Mon
day morning, In order that wherever the cases required It
and humanity. consistent with law and justice, would war
rant, that suitable orders should be made for tlio relief ana
release of these prisoners whose confinement virtually for
nonpayment of debt was being prolonged contrary to tha
spirit of the law.
Mr. Sullivan took the list and promised to bring all a neb
parties before the Court on writs of habeas corpus and to
see that a notice was sent to the prison and also poMlshed
through the newspapers, that all who were interested minht
hare a fair opportunity of bringing to his notice anil to the
attention ol the Court surh facts as ought to bo Unown, to
e:iaM? t>,? Oom* tn exercise wiselr and humanely Its discre
tionary power In the cases.
SUPREME COURT.
Injunction Against W>1U, Fnrgo dc Co.
Before Judge Ingraham.
John P. B\ker ?t a I. v*. A. II. Btrttry ft at. This Is oae 41
three actions against Wells, Fargo A Co., brought by holders
of scrip to compel distribution of tbe surplus funds of tbe
company, under an Implied trust created in 1868. In 1852 the
old Wells, Fargo A Co. Express Company was organized,
with $300, (WO, which aoon waa increased to 93,000,000. Ia
1868 what Is known as the Ilolllday Overland Mall Eipraaa
Company was organized under tbe laws of Coloradu; bat
subsequently, having got control of the American Kxpraaa
Company, the United States Express Company, Overland
Mail Company and the old Arm of Wells, Fargo A Co.,
changed its name to Wells, Fargo A Co., and baa continued
business under this name ever since. A new company waa
organised in 1869, in San Francisco, under the title ot
tbe Pacific Union Express Company, and with a view to
Sure base out that company their stock was Increased from
10,000,00) to i|i 1ft, OOu.OUU. The directors stated In a circular
that the assets withdrawn would be converted into cash aad
distributed among tba old stockholders as so jn as possible
after tbe increase of stock enabled them to carry out the
contract. It is olalmed by tha plaintiffs tbat under thla
allegsd trust 91|SOO,UOO has been withdrawn, and tha platn
tlQs ask their share to ba divided among them, and obtainwl
an order to show cause why an Injunction heretofore granted
restraining tbe defendants, as trustees ot their asaeta, froas
paying them for debts Incurred by tbe new company be
tween l>66 aud 1669. The Judge took the papers, reserving
bis decision.
The Htokes-Flak Caae Still on tbe Tapla?
Sink? ex. Fi?* r.-On tbls case being called everybody tn tba
court room pricked up tbelr ears, eagerly anticipating a
richly salacious treat in the way of new affidavits or aoes?
thing tn the way of spicy developments.
Mr. Dudley Field said tbat he Bad expected some new aS
dants would be served on him by tbe otuer side, but noaa
had been served.
The Judge said they could go on upon the old affidavit*
Mi. Fiki.d stated tbat he understood that tbe other afl
davits were suppressed an I that new ones were essential la
order to procce i in the case.
The JuuuB answered that only ona affidavit bad been sup
pressed.
Mr. Lititfh R. MARFlt said that His Honor's decision had
been served on the opposing counsel. He also explained tba
act on of ,'ti Ige Pratt lu the prem.S"S.
Mr. Fifld replied that, owing to his misunderstanding, be
was unprepared to go on with the case.
After some further discussion the case was set down for
next Wednesday.
The Examination of Jnmes IT. Inseraall.
Havrmtyer e% Ingmoll.? The recent decision of the Court
upon the motion for an examination of the defendant. It will
be remembered, set down his examination for to-day, with
permission if be chose, however, to appeal from sncb deci
sion to the General Term, In which caso proceedings would
be stayed. On the case being called it was announced that
Mr. Ingersoll had appealed to tbe General Term, and tbuaihe
matter stands at present.
SUPREME COURT-TRIAL TERM-PART 2.
Paying for a Lost Trunk and fts Fanlnla,
Before Judge Brady.
/7'nry K. Rohitum t*. S. Chiltnid> n ri <i?.--The plaintiff (a
June, IMS, shipped on board tbe Qreai Republic, sai.ing from
San Francisco to this city, a trunk, which he never reoeived.
He brought suit against the owners of the ship for Its valee
and eonlente. The defence was that they knew notnlag
whatever ns to the shipping of the trunk, and that if the
same waa shipped at tbe time staled that the vessel sailed
then under a charter obtained by Moore k Co., of Man Fran
cisco. A verdict waa given for tbe plalniiir for $l,l&i tbe
full amount claimed.
DccMoMs
John Uiboey vs. Peter C. Darling Motion granted.
By Judge Van Brunt.
Anna M. Zimmerman et al. vs. Bcboenfeldt.? Judgment
settled.
By Judge Brady.
Lester vs. Union Manufacturing Company.? Order settled
(ilbson vs. Acker.? Same.
SUPERIOR COURT-TRIAL TERM? P AIT L
Nult for Damages Against the New York
Times.
Before Judge Barbour.
Albert ITou-neorth w. George W.Jorui ft n/.-The plaintiff
brings suit to recover from the New York Tim f. 1,000 tse
alleged damages from having a leg broken. He was going
Into the basement of the Time* building to buy papere, wbsa
one Charles Moore, alleged to Have been In the defendants'
employ, threw down a bag of papers, the same hitting him.
knocking him down and breaking his leg. The trial of tbe
caso was commsnced late aud Is still on.
SUPERIOR COURT-SPECIAL TER3I.
Decisions.
By Judge Jonea.
Richard Chtttenden vs. Salioa Chittenden.? Reference ee.
dere<l
Philip Burger vs. A. Robert Rchmeder etal.- Motion la
vacate order of arrest denied, with $10 costs.
Margaret A. Tboinaa vs. Edward HarreM.? Motion to set
aside summons denied, with 910 oosts to plaintiff to abuts
event.
Nicholas Quackenhoss vs. Alexander Cagan Mntloa
granted, with #10 costs. Defendant to piy Sheriff's fee a
James O. Brleriy vs. James Lu^g.v? Motion to dlaoltarga
an arrest of attachment, with $10 coats.
Mesenhelrmer vs. Continental Insurance Company. A
statement of the names ot the witnesses who attended
defendant's behalf at the time when the dsfault w is i-ifcea,
and the days in said term wheu tliey respectively attonded te
require I,
James Taloott v?. M. M. Bel ling. Motion granted ea ear