f
THE
M EMFM1S
IJAIjLY APPEAL.
V
ESTABLISHED 1840.
MEMPHIS, TENN FEIDAT, OCTOBER 13. 1871.
VOL. 81.-NO. 30X
CHICACO.
The Raiaa CeweKt and Conduct af the
People PhD Sherldet as Chief
f
A Effective Appeal hy Covmltteeea of
titled In believing; that oar prosperity will
again be reatored.
Resolved. That while we propose to
stand by nur beloved city in tab her great
hoar of trial with wills undaunted, the
overwhelming generosity ot the world has
filled oar eyes with tears, and our hearts
are too rail to express the gratitude that
dwells In the b mrnn of every inhabitant of
this city, we can only say, may God bless
the noble hearted penplenf the worl 1 and
spare tbem from such a esismit y as has
befallen as
W F COOLRAUGH, Chairman.
IRA HOLMES. Secretary.
Ptaok of the Prm Thirty -'lx Rallraad
aid the Lake Left Four Haadred
MllliOM Loat, bat Solid Wealth
Sarvives.
6erosity to the Stricken City Uaex
aatpled la the World's History
Eighty Uaknowa Dead
in the
tloomler prospects. Toward evening soine
train loads of provlssions had arrived, and
an effort was made to supply the immedi
ate demands of the most nenssettous. The
pwga of hanger were ia many cases ap-
Miff Clad W sates and CMldrea Crowd
the Cherohee, aad Two Columns
of Naajea sf the Loot la the
Newspapers Teribte
Scenes Graphically
PaJsted.
Canoaoo, October ltth. lots A. M
There was nr renewal of fir's last night,
aad nothing occurred to die nrb the city.
neral Sbawidaa has complete control,
and eonfldaree is tally reatored. The va
rious committees are boay, end now that
relief ia thoroughly organ xed, ail the
needy are being relieved.
Ta law a enisle oaf the railed SUM
At a meetinc of the varioa- committees
from other cities, held in this city last
evening, the following apnea was unani
mously adopted
The relief committee apprinted bv the
diiwrent cities of thia count rv to bring
supplies and lavsatigate Immediate
necessities of the devastated city ot Chi
caen, beg leave to present their appeal to
the c -mimerdai man and cars alista of the
United Statea. After a ears) tal snrvey ot
a calamity onparaislled in t! hietory of
the world, with the evidence hefore them
of overwhelming losses, mental trials. In
dividual ad ffn rings a"d presaine neoessi
ties never before experienced hv sny eom
xnnnlty, pray their fsHow-citieaoa, end
sper-.aDy those having business relations
with the city of Chicago, a city whose en
terprise, industry and exhaaB'. less energy
have conferred honor on the American
people, to sustain tbe business men in this
their boar of trial. Their oal amity is
great; let yoar oonfldenc? abide with
them: extend to them a generous liberal
ity by eonioromisw end extensions where
needed and by the largest possibls ad
vances in money, ao that the bosineee
property of the oity may be restored, the
desolated diatricta re bail t, and its great
ness re-established.
The Repnbliran anal Trlssaase,
Tue Republican thia morning, the sn
nlversary ot ita first year under its pres
ent proprietors, issues s small half sheet,
snd announces ita determination to con
tinue its publication.
The Tribune comes oat wit h sn entire
best this morning, with rrore than a
whole page of ad verttaemen's, mostly an
nouncements of merchants and other
Easiness men. of the opsning of new
pU'css of business. The Tribune, in an
editorial headed "Rebuild the City,"
sav All is not lest, ihongh four hun
dred million dollsra' worth of property
hat been destroyed. Cbteaeo still exists.
She was not a mere collection of stone,
brick and umber These were but the
evldencee of the newer which produced
these things. They were bat the exter
nal proof of the high courage, unconquer
able energy, stronc faith and estless per
severance which have built up hare a
commercial metropolis. The great natu
ral resources srs all in existence: the
l.-ke. w: h ita navies: the soae'ous har
to." the vast empire of production, ex
xenaVng westward to the Pacific; the
t outlet from the lakea to tbe ocean;
the thlrtf -six lines ot railroads connect
ing ths city with every pert of the conti
nent. These, the great arteries of trade
and commerce, all remain unimpaired, un
diminished and all read v for immediate re-snmptk-E
of trsde Wha', therefore, has
been lost We have lost tbe accumulated
prod; of twenty yea s of prosperous
growth; we hsve lost the stork in trade on
hand th- night of the fire; we nave lost
inonev bat we hsve ssved lite, health,
vigor and Industry We have a draen grain
elevators yet remaining: we hsvs mate
rial on hand with which to replace those
we hsve lost. We hsvs, within i htrtv-six
hours' time, the whole country to draw
upon for supplies of every descrlntlon of
goods In two weeks from tbe date of the
ore oar merchants can fill almost any
order for merchandise tbst may be sent
tbem. Tae credit of Chicago is saved
when the whole country has faith and
nope and confidence in us. There will be
no' depression in Chicago Itse f The
wholesale trade of the city can be resumed
at once: temporary warenouses fgea oeing
erected and basin ess rssom d L
no trouble be borrowed from the past'
All ths losses of fire will in time be
passed into the great clearing house, end
the payment of balances wit! be made
essv ftr everyb'tdy. Rich men bsve be
come poor; the accumulations of years
have been destroyed; bat no one will sit
down and wsste time in crying over
atpilt milk. tt us avail ourselves of the
liberal spirit which tbj country has
easiiwa In oar calamity. There are
no releoLi9ss creditors prsssiog us
tor the payment for the closing claims
or c'asandlng the 'nil meaetjre of their
bonds. On th-i contra -v, thei World is
asking os to take money on unlimited
credit an I go ahead, leaving th pant to be
taken care W the future, whi Chiongo
shall have rearmed her power K'ry
Law tfaj witch wo.t teDoefor.t be, Chi
cago shall rise sgain.
eselntiens et atanh.1
The adjourned meeting of th "Sa
tsf Chicago was held this morn
Wabash avenue Th" meeting
to order by W. F. C albaugh, p, 7', TtL
ths Colon National Hank, chain
committee on resolutiona. or
ODlemsn Smith, president fw v
SaVi f Loan and Trust Oomps. K?..--'-.
Ooa bsugh, pre.l1.nt Union
C. B. Blair, president Msrcr.anl nellE
al, J. S Rmssy. president V,InHl.
ehange National; L it Sldewag,1.
Haviuga Institution J. J. Pierre, pi.
dent Third Nstional; J. T. Hrimmon.
resident Merchants' National, snd L I.
tgs, cashier First National, repor'eil the)
following resolutions whih wera unani
mously adapted:
IFAereos, Our city bss been visited by a
conflagration in extent ani deet nation of
property scarcely equalled in the history
jf ths world and
Whereat, Tbe banks have suffered quite
on severely ss tbe business community
generally, tbey feel the. U left to a peaoe
avble arjoatmeut of their afftlrs they can
pay all their liabilities in fall-, while any
attempt on the part of ths banks to force
immediate payment from their debtors, or
en v eflbrt by their dep asitnra to compel a
forcible aetUement fri-m tbe banks Would
augment, and lnlensii7 ths wide spread
ruin a Bat devolution which is upon us.
Ke-olvsd, That tbe bat.ks of this city
will open for busineaa soon as iiasible,
giving das no'.ics ot tiaae and plsct. That
they will pay an immediate 'nstal'mentof
not more than 15 percent, in tbe cassof
sny bssH vidua b k and will noo'Jaue to
Bsy)additM&a ,inatsltSDeBts ss fst as their
e, wets can Jiidicl'Uly be made available
,n til thagrawMreliaMHtlessre 11a o'dated.
it bVng thnlr opinion that au a.vantags
to th- enti-e community to rfelvs a
porUuD of their cash assets t furnish s
eaeonab'C S"c -.mnioda'ln to the aurvlv
lns nonaanaWaanl interests whib must ln-
svitably perib without euoh aid
ResotTcd, That uo'il the respective
bank and bankers can axamina tbeir
assets ana condition and be in a sl'nation
tosubm t s men t to the people and
resume active ouaiueas It ia recommended
t hat tbe presldeaM and other officers
of the respec tvn insti'utinns reneive and
nay out dep Mates asd do business sa irua
teas I r their customers such officer' algn
'aug a Jeclaratiou that they are su'b tem
porary trustena of the new banklux buai
neas iranaaeted at tbeir respective banks.
Re-lved, That the aav lugs' banks of
this citv, and cnrparatiora having savings
deposited, should so arrange the manner
of paying dep'aitors aa to furst-h the
(teatest vsibie relief to the enat desti
tute of their depositors.
Resolved. That In tbe opinios of this
meeting. It is vsry desirable that the banks
should locale tbamsslvaa aa near each
other as possible.
Ratoiveri That the cbsirmsn of thai
meeting be sutboriaod to call a meeting of
he bankers at bis discretion, to (orm a
iwrmaosnt oraaulsstlun for the purprae
daviainz a'ich means a. lasy b uecea
Naw Yokk, October IS The following
addi'lonal losses of I isursnoe companies
by ;he "blc (to are are furnished by t
nuhb-ber of tbeSpanlator: Alps, .d K-
Pen-svlvania. $12 000; Adriatlo, New
York. IS 000: American Exchange. New
York, flR.OOO; Araertoan. New Jersey
I'OOOO: "nmmerclal, New York, as. OSS
Commerce, New York. soO.OOO; Firemen's
Trust, Bronklvn. 16 000: Guardun, Ne
York. Mfl.000: Howsrd, New York, 127
000: H-me. Clumbus Onio, 150 000; Jef.
terson. vw York. ts75.000: Lenox, New
York 190.000: Luntr. New York. aiOO
fJOO; Lafayette New York. 18.000; Meman
tile, f 100.000: Manhattan. New York, 1500,
OOfl: Nnr'h American. w Yorn. pssf
000; Pacific N. Y.. fl2SOO0: Pclfic, Han
Frsi cimxi. I&OO ISIO: Resolute N. Y.. 75 000:
Union of Bangor, Maine, $5000: Washing
ton. MOO.Oon: Yonkers and New York
$SH0.Kl: Eliot, Boston. 112.000: Manufac
turer" Boston. PKb.OOO; MemnanU, Bos
ton. tlfl. 000: North American, Boston
110 00O; Hartford of Haitford, 11,230.000
The North Ameriosn of this city think
from nreaant informstlon that they will
be able to psy sil iossea without touching
their capital rney tiiiux tueir ios is win
not u pan 125 ass.
Thn Naw York manaeers nl the
North British and Mercantile in
urarce companies of London and Hdin
burgh have received from the chair nan of
the London bosrd by cable tbe following
Instructions:
Subscribe fSOOO for the Chicago sufferers;
settle all losses promptly, and draw three
days signt.
Bos tom, October 13. The offlcern of tbe
New Kncland insurance com nan v sal t
mate their loss by the Cbinaito fire st
1700 000 They voted this morning to sue
neno business tor the present. The Hide
snd Leather company's lisbilities foot up
nearly the same figures, and it has also
stopped businees. The Independent'
officers sdvises its natrons to cancel their
policies snd reinsure, sending reports
from the'r Chicago agency Several other
Boh! on offices are reroiT-d levnrely erip-
pled. The National Insurance company of
B will pay all losses at maturity
Tbe Frank!. n insurance company of
PhUsdelphis, snd American Security of
St. Louis, the former suffering looses to
the amount ol IhOU.OOO and tne latter
agon oou. have rent word that they will
pay in "ell. I, may be remarked generally
that the rep-rts from all tbe insurance
companies noarri tr.om are macn more ta
vorahle than the most sanguine antici
pated. Information received from New York
indicate that the Liverpool and London
Insurance companies have lost two mil
lions by ths Chicago fire lass than ten
percent, of Its enormous assets, which
re over twenty millions in gold. The
sniiuoeand strength of this mammoth
cornorstion will be understood from tbe
following tscta: Its monthly inor.me is
one million dollars, and esch shareholder
1? personally responsible for sil its obliga
tions The shareholders are among the
wealthiest ban Hers and property owners
in England and New York.
The Cincinnati Commercial publishes
the following !n reference to losses of
i-omc-fcmea in that sity
Merchants and Manufacturers
Globe
Commercial
Eureka
Miami Valley
Washington
Union
People's i
Burnet
Cincinnati
Franklin
Fire and Marine
Western
National
Ohio Valley..
Citizens'
Ameri r.
Germanla
Farmers'
127 000
78,000
41,000
4.S1MJ
50.000
45 000
4,000
6,000
11.000
60 000
41 .000
40.000
42 000
26.000
50.000
40.000
20.000
30.000
lu.ooo
Total 1862.0-KJ
The followimr is s ilst of sdditionsl in
surance on property destroyed by the firs,
raw TOB.K v 1
A mark-en I 25 000
JStna 200 ooo
German ia 226 000
Hanover 225 000
Home 2,000 000
Kings Count v 80.000
Niagara 225.000
National 15.000
New Amaterdsm 40 000
Relief 10 000
Republic 226 000
Williamsburg City 70,000
ST. LOUIS COMPAKIBB.
American Central 350.000
Anchor 170,000
Citizens' 25. 000
Boatmens' 20,000
PHILADELPHIA COMPA9IKS.
Enterprise fl25.IOO
Franklin 00 000
Insurance Company of North
America 600,00
B tW CO TAMES.
Hids rnd Leather 700 000
Lswrer.ra 12,000
Manufacturers' 360 0'Si
Merchant's 10 000
National 500 000
saw Eagland Mutual Marine 700,000
MI'CBXLA-HBCrs 0 JatrAHlJBl.
1250,r0o
250000
25 000
26,000
500
2 000 COO
38.000
1.000. OOP
Andes, Cincinnati
Atlantic. Brooklyn
Ailemsnls, Clevslsi;d
Commeroe. A'bany, (suspended 1
Germsn, Buffalo
Liverpool and London and
GIo js, England
Narragensette, Providence
North Kntlsb snd Mercsntlle,
Knzisnd
The toiblisbers cf tbe New Yo'k and
Chicago Spectator hsve established s tem
porary office at 183 Broadway for publica
tion. Tbe directors ot tbe Lorlllsrd company
have directed heir officers to psy si I loss si
ss last ss adjusted and continue businees
as usual.
Evans, Lindsey Jt Casdly, insurance
sg-nts, placed risks amounting to 120s
ou elevators and orntents, in the Cincin
nati officea enumerated above, which will
prove ou! a partial lose, several of tbe
elevators insured having escaped destruc
tion. In home officee tbe entire amount of
risk is 9882.000, without the risks held by
Andes company, which is eatlmaied at a
'a amount. While the rlaks in finein
nsfi ouT"e" a1"31 2.000. it is esti
mated that awat 1250,01sl worth of prop
erty inaured 'n': damaged.
Tbe E igle ani enterprise have no risks.
A ns people here s.," unsble to give any
Information aa to the business of the Chi
cago branch. Rumor gives their loan at
from three to five milliooa.
A Lie Oat t Wtiele Ctvth.
A dispatch from St. Louis to Genera!
Stager aas that a dispatch was sent from
this city "yesterday uj tne efleot that St.
Laoola rebels were setting fire to tbe city.
No such disps' cb was sent from Chicago
through tbe A-sociated Frees. It must
have bf n seat by a special correspondent
of aunts paper. The whole statement in a
pare invention, aa there is no knowledge
here ol anv occurrence of tbe kind. Tbe
city was n ver more, orderly and there ia ae for tranaportlng children and bsg
eery to
to meat the exigencies upon pa.
Ivsd. Tbst aaol'.lzina oi t neis
bankers srd bank otnoers here repre-
deem i: their auty io express vo
world thir belie? 'bst ihs w .ndsriui
wut iA Chicaar-, ia weauo an.j nower
now no evidence of unusual incendiaries.
Uraphie Descrlptlwn ol tbe Ffre.
Street alter street filled with flame and
firs, and the exultation of the fire fiend
was given vent to in s wsy which can only
tie equalled by combining tbe noise of the
ocean when Ita waters are driven during
a tempest upon a rocky beach with the
bowl of the blast Hues walls would
topple and fall into tbe sea of fle, without
..areru y giving a noand, aa tbe war of
Laa fierce etement was so great that all
the minor sounds wereswsllowed up. and
ths fall of tbe walls wss only perceptible
to the eye snd not to the ear.
If our readers will recall to their minds
the fiercest srow storm In tbeir rxpert
euoe, snd imagine ths snow to be Are aa it
surged hithr and thither before the fury
of tne fiend, they will be able to -form a
faint conception cf the fiamea as they
raged through the streets of our doomed
city. Many of the buildings situated
along Soutn Water street buried tbeir red
hot walls lu the water of the rirer, into
whioto Ltav nlunaed with a bias lixe unto
nothing earthly, throwing np a billow of
wetr, which would graoueny nuiiu
nt;Uo'br walls would follow. The heat
was ao in'enae at times from some oi tne
burning ouiidlnjis that tbey could not be
approached within 150 feel, which ac
counts for the manner In which the fire
w .rked back and oiten fcfiti.nst the wind.
Tbe Are after reaching the business por
tion of Randolph and South Water ttreets,
Leaned taw. kinr
on to ths north side in an incrcJibl- abort
space ot lime, and thence among the
I wooden buildings on tbst side, reached
the lake s'lore, after touohlnj: block after
j biocs, an J after sweeping dwe ing after
dwelling with Its fierce bias-.. A scene nf
i mors powerless effort to figjt sn enemy
wss net .or presented than that cf this,
But the smouidericR rnlns still fitfully
blazed here aad there, with n strsngs wild
light, mark ing out distinctly the dnvaatst
lng track of the tornado of Are thai had
wept through It,
Fur'her away loomed up the grand and
glowing light of tbe fire olond as it rolled
away iteyond tee nver to tne nortnwaro.
Tbe clatter, tbe noise, the buzz, hum. aud
confusion which had prevailed during tbe
previous night nail Hooreoi down eome
whs. The exhilarating effects ot the first
great storm of excitement had psssed
away. Exbsns'lon had euooeeded: tbe
II th' mo vein- nt.utti c ed. Men atoned
around: women sobbed themselves into
uneasy slumbers whereverlhey could find
a place under ne t-man canopy or heaven
The wailing of distressed snd homeless
children came borne insubdued murmurs
an the night wind. Policemen wearied
bv con-tant exertion, lost their watchful
nnss and moved about with vacant, list
lees sirs, while the ghouia tbst bsuuted
tbesesne of disaster plundered at will
Devils wearing the form of men, went
sbrtut robbing tbe helpless and insnlting
ibe leeble snd defenseless. The sic b. car
ried from homes of comfort and laid un
der tbe trees In tbe parks aid on the
beach, expired nnaetended by groups of
sorrowing rnenas ouea aione, witn tne
earth for a conch and the sky for a canopy.
It was now midnight. The heavens
were lighted up with a lurid glare, the
vast surging mnltllade swayed to and fro
while above the ronr of the wind, and the
crackling of the nsmes, rose the confused
noise or snouting men and willing wo
men Merchants were gathertngup their
most valuable articles, such as books snd
papers: landlords were arousing their
guet, anil advising nasty departures;
men, loaded witn tne most precious art!
cles of the household, followed by awe
stricken women and frantic children,
were rushing away from tne ure-demon
np-dly as the thronged condition of tbe
tieets woiini admit: women, separated
from their families, gave utterance to
snneks that rang out clear and shrill
above the horribie roar of the devouring
n mes ana tne w:ui moan or tne wind
it Rwept he fiery deluge along in its
march ol rim. t am-ike c oude imw
ed over all tbe central and northern part
ofihsclty. Tbe tire light, rrnsolf-i back
f-om the dense smoke, shone with a bale
ful red glare that was truly awe-inspiring
Strong men grew powerless, and became
trantic in lace ot i ne appalling calamity.
Heart-Heading Naderlng.
The Intense heat of tbe fire in the city
had forced the vast multitude collected
along Michigan avenue back in the fur
thest verge of the bsacb, and southward
into Like park, and even down to Cottage
grove. The day dswn found not fewer
than seventy-five tboussnd people ex-
noaed to the wind and milt of the lake,
who had been but s few short hours be
fore surrounded by tbe comforts of home
It is Impossible to describe the scene pre
sented by those now houseless, homeless
and, in many esses, penniless people.
Hither had bet n brouirht tbe old. the In
firm, and Ibe nick, reeoued from burning
homes. It was Indeed g pitiable sight to
ere tbe pale, emaciated and suffering men,
women and children, removed from oom-
iortable couches, and laid out in the npn
atr with perhaps only a blanket under
tbem, and only thesmoke-htz 'd sky for a
covering above them. Tbe amount nf
-uttering thus entailed upon the helpless
sick cannot be estimated
Men, women snd ohildren, 0.000 of
tbem, are huddled together like so many
wild animals, snd in another plnne 17,000
Germans and Irish are praying lor relief.
aeipiessn- iniren, asking tor nresn heart
broken parents, who know not which wsy
to i urn or what to say, nothing to do hut
swalt ths distribution ot supplies, which
at most will be a alow proceeding, as
there are parts ot tbe burnt districts over
which it Is almost impossible to travel.
women In .he oalns or child-birth, and
patients who have been moved irom beds
of sicknesB to Bave lives tbst st best were
nearly spent, were expesed to the rain
est night snd the cold winds ot to-day.
Several deaths bave ccurred in Lincoln
Park, and three women have brought
children into tbe world only to die
There aro nwnie who, in the blUerncee
of tbeir souls, ascribe the calamity to
God's Judgment. A German said to me,
this Is s second Modem and liomorrab.
and the curse la on it."
Women fainted, and in tome instances
fell dead on the sidewalk, snd children
creamed and were trampled under foot.
Strong, healthy men cried like children
when they retoined their families., from
horn they bad been temnorr.rily sepa
rated amid t be terrific din, alarm and con
fusion. To add to the frightful scene.
men would yell like demon" when the
flames bur-ted out from the large struc
tures, as if edified by tbe spectacle The
faces of every one were blackened by the
smoke and dust. Ladles with diamonds
on their fingers had dirty fs ex. with eyes
Sara ears niiea woe aust m ?aa to tbe
distress, there was a great deal of sufier-
ng from hunger and thirst. With the
ake in lull view. It was impossible to ob
tain a drink of water to slake thirst
A man from the third story of a house
on Madison street tumbled back Into tbe
flames, while engaged In putting wet
blankets on tbe roof. In ten minutes sf
ter the blankets were put on the roof, the
building wss in flames. People were
drunk snd noisy. The police were utter
ly demoralized, and Borne of tbem would
la Into stores and help themselves to
hs-s and coats Tbe people all along tbe
street were yelling and screaming, and
the pamc waarearrui. All who hao prop
erty tried to get vebiclea. to transport
heir gooiia to some ssfe place. At nrst
ten dollars waa asked bv the seal mo-.
then they asked almost any price 8 me
of tbe merchants told the people walk
into toeir Bojres and take what goods they
wanted. Some went in and emcrired from
the burning stores with their eve-lashes
and hair searched off. The bridges and
the vessels in the river were dostrrvod
by the-tltmoe. The two tunnels on Wash
ington and Dearborn became so hot that
tbey became impassable, and passengers
were lorbidden to go through.
Inhumanity f the Wealthy.
Reports of inhumsnity on the nart of
the wealthy people whose bouses happen
ed to be in the unburn ed district are fre
quent. It is said tbey barricaded their
residences, barred and locked their doors,
drove he distressed, who hail congregat
ed in tbeir court yards and refused to al-
tbeoi even the scant she!', r thev
sought in that hour of their great, ex'rem
ity. Some of the scenes were extremely
pitiable. Mothers with starving babes
perishing from wsnt and oold, besought
with heartrending supplications a little of
the kindness which might hsve been ex
tended apparently without danger of pil
lage by the rabble. But It was every on
tor himself, and there was no charitv
Tbe tear of plunder deadened men's bear's
and women's sympathies, and the harsh
treatment returned in a wsy entirely un
expected and with a vengence which was
horrible. Ruffians set fire to mansions
and burned down houses over tbe inmates'
heals. Imagination cannot oie'ure the
bo rri bio scenes.
Tate Thieves anal Senlpers.
All the prisoner) In jail, numbering 175.
were turned loose except three, whe were
in for capital offences.
Michigan and w b?h avenues were
perfect bedlams, Tbe fire marched two
milea down those avenues Many who
had removed some of tbeir light bagg- ge.
oy paying in some cases as high as 1100
for a vehicle, saw them burn ud. because
thev could not subsequently procure ve-
uiciee at any pries.
1' was a common thing to psy from $20
richest goods
cealment.
aud sought a place of oon-
i aranr.
Thlovea, burglars and Inoendlarlea are ahot
no soon aa arresiea oy uie minuuj.
Miss Kellogg's concert at Hartford yielded
f 100 for the snfli-rerm.
Worcester, MssssslnwitH, gives 150,000 lor
reus! oi sane rem
U4lee. New York, Hubscrlbes fSOOO, same
-oiiouii t hm Memphis.
TorniiM. rjuiada- irtvea flOOOO In sold.
New York and tbe aulaoent suburbs will sob-
scribe n.000,000 for the poor and needy ol the
ournee city.
Tbe sympathy of the people of tbe whole
christian worlc Is unabated and money, food
and clothing Is being poured Into Chicago from
all quarters.
The city of st Joseph, Missouri, has nub-
-.oni-cii Hfl.iju). auu several oar-soauaoi provi
SHins anil doming.
The St. Joseph typographical Union anew
S2VJ lo tbeir aufferlnf brethren.
Tbe St. Andrew's sertety of St. Joseph ent
vav to t tie sunen n sicoicnmen.
Leavenworth, Kansas, has sent 915.000, and
car-lne is ot clothing and food.
The churches of New Yoraywlll mate a spe
cial contribution for the snnerem. On Sunday
next, ao ougni tne ennraneaor Mempnu.
The Erie road took out t lttM)01 worth ot
Sllea rrom New York city for Chisago
av.
Postmasters are rea nested not to forward
mall matter for distribution to Chicago notb-
THE LEGISLATURE.
lnr but ('bloBKO letters and pacaUuitw.
Jlfiuutt are toeing by ihoavLvods to St
Lruiils and CiuclBiibU.
CiDclDoaU will take ot-reorZCOof LbeChlcao
amnerorm.
Boston will Hubtvcrbe (350.000
The District of Colombia. &moTtsr tUfrUQO lu
public and urtvate Hurjaoriulloni.
Syracuse. New York, aeadmwmrenl car-loads
ot i;nt hum aad Kuppliea.
Phllndafphla glvea tmOyOOO, and all tbe tbea-
u-rs win give nenenw.
Patenon, New Jersey, aendt 1 10,000.
New Bruuswick subtwcrlbes S6000 1 trold.
Tbe WwWblnpton Maaoos send fUOO, aad Lbe
rxiitaacivaiah tja renowH vrauu.
Smmm citv raised 18000.
Tbe wholesale mere ban' ol Cbtaaao. at a
utefi.nK netu taiti iiikiii. reaoireai to oecspy
LAke rarK. ana eree. ibemmBiTea wmDorarv
bulidlDKSiuid return to buslneaa.
roieao. umo. senaa wmjo puuuc ana on rate
suii-r nntions.
Tbe Lonitvllle women arc most practical.
Tbey arc niakloH np cloth Inn by tbe thousand
uriH ior iHna sexes.
The books, papers and money ot the Union
National Bank are nafc.
Tlte express companies are doing bu&lueHs
us UMiui
Albany, New York, gives IJOMJO.
-Houndout, New York. KtveafaDOO.
(Jswego, New York, stvea $10,000.
Tbe contributions of money frm KnabSi
wll exceetl live hundred tbouaaud nounds. 1
Omaba is doing nobly for Chicago Hofleren
in clotniiiK, iv -luiin; attu supDtiea.
rtftu trrancisoo win Mena wiw.uon m troia.
The heathen of Salt Lake Citv send 120.000
to Chlcagt sullerers.
rnroe aimpani .i mraniry .fit tort u--a-
venwortb last evening for Chicago, and also a
large uuautitlwh-f tents.
Dr. Frear, one of tbe well-known Chicago
pnysieians, wno, wun nix ramuy. was report -ed
as being s allocated in tbe basement of the
historical society building. Is sale and well.
as is bis lainily.
Frankfort bankers and dtlsens will send a
liberal contribution.
Tbe ban-era of Vienna, Austria, bave
opened Hubsciiptlon and money is pour-
ngin.
The telegraph operators of HU Lonls bave
s.f nt groceries and clothing to their brethren
i ii vtie private omoe oi Mr. uowiea. onaineas
ma, it-, irer uf lha Tribune, wbleh wa& ilirw-tlv
adjoining tbe oountlng-room. was a relic of
tun Meye oi fans lu tbe Hbape of a Krupp Hhell,
wmcn was expiixieu by tbe beat anu tore a
brech In tbe wails fifteen feet wide from the
loundation to tire roof.
THE OTHER FIRE.
Hundreds of Miies of Woods and
Prsirie 3urnsd A Supple
ment to tbe Chic ago
Conflagra-ion.
Mare tha i a Hundred Lives Lost-
immerse Destruction of Prop
erty Towns a' d Viilxges
Swept Away.
fcsa been tbo jssuit. uwra atru-. rsfip e trvlng to oombe i,b Sre-flend.
nl U Mn.lIHUfll WimDD'1'd FUU-
.A. tl.at lots e .-uie.,1 CI ffrsat!
remains uncharged b .i with tbe u rage
and energy hither uo displayed, we are )ua-
floure to a Diane Of aafetv. The exon MMinen
asaswsd perftclly heartless.
Xhlsres wera Hvsly, and the police lost
all authority. Three ruffians tried to rob
a gentlemen of a oaeb box containing
t'lU.UW, while trying to get away with It,
ami be. flung it into the flames, saying,
"There (joes S5u 000," he preferring to see
it, i has destroyed than to come in posses
sion ot tbs thieves A prominent merch
ant blow out bis brains, exclaiming in the
presence of a large crowd, "All is lost."
Men were kn-xikej down b ldiv and rob
bed on the street. Curses and" blssube
lutes rent the sir. Uo. es ran awsy snd
carriages were smithed.
Wagons wore rushing inrough tbe
streets, loaded with roods, going at such
rate that they were pitched out. A fast
ss srtloies woaid drop oft tbey wou'd be
oicked nr. and carried awsy by the And
er. Tbe aaob would supply themselves
rrom tbe stores, in many instance., wit h
what tbey wanted, la some osgos tho
proprietors would tell tbe spectators to
bolp themselves to what tbey oould carry
wav, preferring thia to aeeloSVAt de
stroyed. V'ilaina seix'td upon t beeetac
lnhaiutants, as thev oune from their nisi
tug homes, sn.i utid-.av -rao u, take what
little remained to them, saved from the
genera wreck. Instances are known In
whicn nackusn agreed to onvev ladle.
frcm the region of disaster lo a place of
safatT. and when a little iy from toe
crowds, deliberately robbed thetn of their
iawetry isti whatever valuables tbey
m'sbt have about iucm. and then turning
theui out ol their oana to take ;re of
themselves. When tbe Are wrs regi
alcnn Laaalle, dark and State a: rests..
ar.d hwuwlcii onward towards wa-hirg
ton and Randolph, owrd tnaNor'b, the
area; rommen ial housea were torowu
nun ami ao effort made to aave tbe roost
valuahla roods. The harvest of the
tblevts bn.an at this' time. The P Upe
at Miafat. harl toet control. Those Intent on iic&:
it ik. had aa sad so narllv anil ao tav hv tne fire now went in with great
tarrltiiv tne night earns on with aUU xest. They loaded tbamaelvea with tbe
Cnrlons and Terrible Ineldenla.
At Huron a farmer shot all of his fine
horses snd cattle to save them from
agonies ol death bv hre. Detroit has sent
IMI 000 to the sufferers by tbe tire in the
wooas ana country, rort Hope was en
eiy swept away, but the rain
yesterday cbecartf the Spread ol de
struction and tbe worst is over. To a
greater or leas extent every county in
Michigan has Ueeh burned over and
theloasea aredncalculable. Saginaw City
oareiv escaped. Bridgeport waa saved bv
therein. .Senator Chandler's barns wera
burned, and his fine horses. Holland, on
tbe lake, has not a vestige ieft. Professor
Charies 8oott, of Hope College, waa
burned to death, and a ureaoher. All the
telegraph officee along the lake are burned.
nvocnuaren periauea at Hook Falls,
The people of Forrest rilie took
boats and went out on the lake
to eeeape the Urn that dentroved
their homes. Revenue cutters are Dusk
ing .them up. Great stores and num
berless saw-mills have bean destroyed,
and many towns and villages, docks and
lumber. All the state east of Saginaw
Bay and north of Port Huron has been
swept by the fire. Many lives lost, and
the story Is not half told. Forreetville,
White Rock, Elm Creek, Sard Beach,
Rock h'alla and Huron City are wholly de
stroyed. Port Austin escaped. Wlndaor.opposlte
Detroit was almost wholly destroyed.
The Great Western railroad depot waa
saved A man was arrested In the act of
firing a building. Will not these inoen
disries visit this and other cities T Ma
nesto city i destroyed, on tbe east coast
of Lake Michigan- the greatest of lumber
towns,
Otber Terrors.
Fires rage along the New Albanv and
Lafayette, Louisville and Chicago rail
way. Kankakee county la In one endlees
blaze. Hav. grain, farmee. houses, barns.
snd oattie have been swept away. In
Clay county the woods are on fire every
where, The town of Brazil is in great
danger. Terror prevadea the whole
country.
KNOXVlLLE
The Fair The Weather Unfavtrable for
Out-of-door Sparta.
The Purpose to Return Taxation to a Mial
la Acoepted bv tbe soaate U
Daaler'p Petition The Land
Tax aad Haw to Proaote Ita
Csileotloa A Petition to
Ctapreaa.
One aikmon .olean gene Daft Mr. Tally
Talk Sn!bly-The Public Prioting
Coaaptroller's Reports The Ap
paalT.Oplalea of Gov. Saatar
Approved.
Special to the Appeal
Ksoxvillk. Tennessee. Ootober U.lt71.
Nothing of any material importance oc
ourred at tbe fair during the afternoon of
yeeterdsy. The alternoon being showery,
not many people were upon the grounds.
Th-re were two races of minor impor
tance. Every one looked forward to a
pleasant i lme to-day. Thia morning tbe
tailing rain has dsmpened their courage
The Mechanic's c irnelband were driven
through tbe city, bus with all tbe Induce
ments few are on the grounds, it Is feared
the heavy rains will compel tbem to
abandon out-door sports, at least very
few businees nouses hare been closed
We anticipate arljivelv time to-morrow
in the federal courts, aa it la the day set
for the bearing of the Alabama and Chat
tanooga raitroad case. The counsels are
oeglnning to come in. Colonel Murobr
arrived on the night train from Washing
ton. The plsn is to fight bankruptcy.
8rIEF TELEGRAMS.
Windsor, Ontario, has lost a bloak uf build.
lugs by nra.
The North Catholic Union la lu session at
Louisville.
Sdow fell for an hour In rittsbura. on
Wednesday.
ueeiructlve area continue to prevail In
western Ontario.
Three Austrian coital Is Ls called uoon the
Pi osident yesterday.
The Yellowstone exploring party la making
favorable pi ugreaa.
oab Porter waa Inaugurated President of
Yale Collage yesterday.
A heavy rainstorm has prevailed for the
past two daya throughout Maine.
Tbe lire In Chicago will reduce Internal rev
enue receipts thia quarter aauusjAl.
The Feulan demonstration uoon Pembina.
In the Red river country, waa a failure.
A collision on tits St. Louis. Vandalia and
Terre Haute railroad yesterday oust Ave lives.
A schooner loaded with grain waa lost in
L.wo Michigan last LliUiL. Tbe crew waa
saved.
Alex. Ouarrier, delaultiug cashier of Wheel
ing, Va, baa bees sent to the penitentiary for
igui years.
ones hi. Smith, aecoud assistant Doatmaalei
Ke.ersl, ban resigned. An Alabama man sus-
oeeu-, nun.
Colonel William bpenoe has been appointed
L'uited statea marshal for the middle district
ot leuneaaaa.
Tbe Reverend My ran, D. Wood, tha
of Mlaa Anna Chevera, of Decatur, Ueorgla, has
17T II ii.. .i.j iv ni.n.i jew. UUirilUlllllllIll
in I ue peuiueuuary.
The proclamaUon of Governor Brown, of
MiNs.url. CiUilcg out the militia in Dunklin
and Stoddard oouiilies. In southeastern Mis-
..irl, la based upon a report made to Adjalant
Ueueral Mlgel, by Captain Woug, who waa sent
1 1 investigate the condition ol attain, In this
couuliBa. Captain Woog a report sayalt is not
denied by any oitlxen or stoddsru urnty that
there exists an organised band of men in thai
county, called by some gu-klux, by others
doadmeu.
Tbe Industrial exposition at Cincinnati that
closed last Saturday night, after being open
lour weeks, waa a very auooeaarui aud satisfac
tory exhibition. Tbe receipts irom the sale of
tickets were teasel, against tatcilo last year.
The total receipts Irom all sources were ITJ.-U.
Tbe whole naiuber of persona who visited the
expusllion JBrlug the four sues was l,uuu,
tbe largest attendance being on Sato play aud
twuiniay night, when the number reached
ii.'JUi Tbe actual ocsloa the exposition, In
cluding VdlpM lor buildings aad gas nxturea,
waa Vi.im.
SENATE PROCEEDINGS OP YESTERDAY
Special go the Appeal.
NubsWillb, Oitober 12 Messrs. Hta
iev andtM -Conneli, who voste'-dsy voted
against Warren's resolution proposing a
raducMdn of taxes, ask permission to
change their votes. Granted. Greene 'a
the -mi v senator whose vote remains re
corded against it.
Mr. OKBoae presented petitions from
liquor dealers of Memphis praying a re
.in inn of taxes.
Mr. Kouey read a petition tmra
the GiHaena of Lincoln county
asking taw assembly to provide lor com-
oeeaatltsv of school commissioners.
Mr. HOViey, ooaarman ot tbe committee
to whom was refered the bill to provide for
protection or persons ana pro pert v on rail
roads within tbe limits of the state, recom
mended Ita rejection.
Mr. Taney, to whom waa referred
tbe bill in relstion to changing the mode
of appointing publio printer; reported
unanimously in favor or its releetlons
Mr. Patterson onerea a bill to amend
the law ao as lo limit the pay of aaaaa
sors
Mr, Ytrung, to amend the road law.
Speaker Vaughn, to regulate the advsr
tlsemattt of sales. Also, to increase the
pav of witnesses
Mr. Gibson, a bill to encourage tbe nsv
ment of taxes on lands by making such
psymentaa movement of title.
Mr. warren proposed a mil to s-n and
transfer tbe Interest of the state on delln
quent turnpike and plank road com
panies
Mr. Windell proposed to establish the
six eenth judicial dlstriot of Tennessee,
ana relieve certain districts.
Mr. Coulter introduced a resolution to
hasten tbe census returns in order to ex
pedite redlstricting the State.
A resolution respecting insurance com
panies introduced yesterday, was adopted
tne resolution introaucea ov npeaxer
Vaughn, instructing our representatives
in Congress to procure such legislation as
will place thoae who were pensioners be
fore tbe civil war, ana wno sympathised
with the Sout h, on the same fooling as be
fore the war was t aken np.
Speaker Vaughn explained that the ob
ect of his resolution was to restore wid
ows of pensioners of 1812, who sympa
thized with the South, to the same rooting
aa before tbe war Many bad been de
prived of pensions on thia account from
mere sympathy with tbe Southern cause.
Mr. Clark followed witn a speech in
support of the resolution.
Mr Gibson opposed it as tnoludinauflfi
pensioners, and admitting rebels to roe
same privileges aa Union soldiers.
Mr. Tolley wished to relieve the mind
of the Senator, if be had any. Aa one of
those who followed the starry cross of tbe
South, he would tell him thst there wae
no deeire on the part of Southern soldiers
to aak any favors of the kind irom the
Federal government.
After a prolonged discussion of the
resolution, it was amended so as to in
clude only pensioners of the war of 181?,
and adopted.
Mr. Sevier's resolution declaring that
the assembly recognized the obligation ol
the State to discharge the liabilities Incur
red by the issuance of bonds, waa, after
discussion, referred.
Un tbe bill to ohange the mode of ap
pointing the public printer, reported for
rrjection from judioial committee, a dis
cussion arose and lasted till the mnaaa
After recess, Meears. Porter and Stalev
were appointed on tbe part of the Senate
a joint committee to wait on the Governor
and ask If he had any communication to
make.
Thedebateon the report of the judiciary
soinmittea, recommending tbe rejection
of the bill to change the mode of appoint
ing a public printer waa resumed, snd tbe
report finally adopted,
A bill to make interference in labor
contracts- a misdemeanor, was reported
for rejection by the Judiciary committee,
and was rejected.
Tho following bills passed second read-
'"To do Justice in cases of appeals from
justice's courts.
An act in relation to uncalled for costs.
Mr. Tolley proposed to repeal the aot
authorizing the governor to employ a
superintendent of ospitol grounds.
SILLS OH FIRST REA.DIKO.
One bv Mr. Connell. to repeal tha aot to
inoresse the pay of public printer, passed
Mav 1U. ih-o.
Speaker Vaughn Introduced the follow
ing:
Besolved. That the thanks of this legis
lature are justly due and are hereby ten
dered to ex-Governor Senter for the very
aoie and wise administration ot the past
two years, and thst the people of Tennes
see will ever hold in grateful remem
brance his devotion to their interests, es
pecially in conferring upon them the right
of ballot, so unjustly taken from them,
by which tbey were enabled to save glo
rious old Tennessee, though in a damaged
condition, from bankruptcy and ruin.
lbe rulee were suspended, and the reso
lution considered.
Mr. Gibson moved to strike out all after
the worda "devotion to their interests."
Lost.
Mr. Gibson moved to strike out all fter
the word "ballot." Lost.
Mr. Gibson moved to strike out all after
the words "from tbem Carried.
Mr. Carlook waa sworn in ss assistant
clerk, and tbe Senate adjourned.
regard thia as sn executed, complete and
final sale of this road, so far as the State
la concerned, subtest onlv to thscondi
tlon that the supreme court may reverse
the decree ol the obsncellor. Tbey have
ao accepted tbe bid." It la tha Intention
of tbe purchasers to place tbe road in first-
ciass oraer at as early a date ss posaime.
As an evidence of tbls. Colonel Cole haa
already contracted for the constru-nion nf
an iron bridge over the Tennessee river
at Johnson vl He. it is to be about 1.200
feet in length, and under the terms of tt
contract will be completed by the let of
next January,
The Union and American says Governor
urown a nrst message to the General As
sembly will be one of considerable length
discussing in detail ail the important
questions affecting the public interests of
tne people or renneeaee.
a. a. wuinite. charged with the mnr
der in White county, of Pteroe Hildreth,
while a member of Stokes' cavalry during
tne war, was arrested in Nasbvllle on
Monday, and was held to answer.
The Bannerof Wednesday save Yester
day tbe polios arrested George Owen, col
ored, for beating a negro woman and
thereby causing her to give premature
oirtu to a cniia, toe exuu ana nos or
which were broken by the blows the heart
less fiend inflicted upon the mother, wbo
was perhaps fatally injured by the vio
lence.
The railroad commissioners make the
following suggestion in their report to the
legislature. We call the attention of
the legislature to tbe fact that no provis
ion is uiaue ior tne oanoeustion or destruc
tion of tbe bonds snd coupons of the
State when received by them. It might
be advisable to appoint a committee charg
ed with this duty, who, in connection with
the governor and comptroller, might
burn tbe coupons and cancel the bonds,
keeping a record of tbe bonds so cancelled,
and preserving tbe bonds in a cancelled
condition in the office of tha oomptroiler,
if in tbe opinion of the legislature this
course shall be deemed advisable for the
public good.
The Banner of Wed need sv savs: "Col
onel Colyar passed aeon the trsin Sstur
dsy night, after having written to post
pone the meeting at Hawkesville, from
Saturday until Monday, saying that he
wouia De up Munaay. some distance this
eideot fatill's Springs, in Franklin coun
ty, at about one o'olock, an effort was
nude to throw the train off bv nlae;ng
wood and an iron rail on the track. The
villainous effort failed, as the locomotive
waa checked up and the obstruction re
moved."
the Banner's Pulaski CDrreenondent
says the Gilee county fair is a grand suc
cess. K. P. Ledbetter, of Maury, carried
on seven premiums ior Berkshire hogs.
and John M. Townsend, of Athens, Ala
bama, an tqual number for tbe Essex
;irx.(!
MARRIED.
PICKERING- MAKES At the nunr,l
the brtces p. rents, -in the evening of th-- 11th
mi., ov tne ttev. or. lead man. Habkt I..
Picraune, of st Lena, snd Mlaa Willis
Masks, onlv daughter of Henry Marks, of
DIED.
JiiHUeoN On the 12th ln.t at !lt n'rnf
Mrs Maktha B., wife of Dr. T. B. Johrson
The mneral will take iIim st .1 nvlrwt
uiis irniuAij siitmoon. irom me reel
denoa, Nci. Mi curt Ftreet n'ended. Ser
vices by Kev. Dr. Bowman. Carriages lu at-
awasaas
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISSOURI STATE LOVIERV.
Incorporated In lsst,
Offlolavl Oracv-tnaat.
MORNING 'Cam- No. nj
28,39,62. 10, 55, U, 3, 18, 12. 26, 70, 88, 63.
SVKNINO C'LAJb No. sM
18, 6, 68, 68, 18, 6, 75, 24, 12. 15, 2, 42.
Lotteries draw twice dally. Prizes from
100 to tvaxotu, paid in money by J. R.
KKa.NCK.ag't, H Morth 'lourt at. Box '.47.
Memphis, Tenn., P. O. MPRRiY. MILLER
A Manaeers. tt. -irO Ho
U '"nRY superior
i V blacksmith p
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS OF YESTERDAY.
The oomptroiler presented his annual
reports he is opposed to reduction ot tax
ation. The State debt is twenty-two mil
lions. He speaks of the reduction of the
debt which haa taken- place since lest
report. Two thousand copies were or
dered printed.
Naw Bills By Mr. Trou9dale To pro
tect property holders against trespassing
stock. a
Bv Mr. Doss To provide for Ravins per
diem to Mr. Dunlap, late representative
of DeKalb.
By Mr. Clift To repeal the aot estab
lishing isw court at Nashville,
Bv Mr. Lewie To amend section 2891 of
the code.
By Mr Thomas To increase fees o
registers.
By Mr. Allison, of Williamson To pro
vide for filling vacancies in county Judge-
snips.
By Mr. Guild To amend section 284B or
the code.
By Mr. Gtvena To amend chapter 51 of
revenue laws.
By Mr. McGlatten To repeal the act
making evidenoe uniform in the courts of
By Mr. Leach To amend section 4434,
the code.
By Mr. Tillman -To amend section 4549
of the code.
Several House bills paased second read
ing. A Hoase resolution respecting tbe
plates of tbe Bank of Tennessee, waa
adopted alter rectos.
MASONIC NOTICE.
rfHH ststd communication of Houth
X Memphis Lade. Mo. 11, will
held thia (PKIDaY) evenlnn. nth
Inst at 7 o'clock, for dispatch of naslne
All M M.'s iraternaily Invited.
By order of W. 8. MATTHKWS, W. M.
Ban K.. Pollsst, sec'y. .oclt
MEMPHIS AND TE-fNESStE R
axwarra st Ann Txna caca'a Or rica,
.Mem his Oct- Der 12. 1871
I' HRAnnnai Meeting of tbe Stockholders
ot the M sslastppl and Tenntatee Kali
road Company will be held at the Peabniy
Hotel, Miiuphla. on Wednesday, 15th of No
vaoine. :s I, a' U o'clock a.nu. at which time
an election will be held for ulreclors lor the
enaolnr year, dtockholdt-ra and ihelr fami
lies will be passed free by exhibiting their
stock certldoaies to the conductors,
ocn iv H. l.s MB. Secretary.
Sew a nee Coal.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIGE0M SH JO i ING.
fK Friday, ths 2 Jth Ust
1 Ikai awaaaaaaasal
and Agricultural Fair Gronndi, the Plsaon
Hhootlag Match will take place under such
conditions aa may be sgreed upon by parties
sabecrlblns. Tae route la a ureaeh-loedtD-g
n, vamed at 1175 Target shooting every
dsy dortng the week. osla
Capital, $10 000,0U0 in Gold
The Ch oo Loam wM aet attcot tie
NORTH BRITISH MERCANTILE
Fire insurance Co.
LONDON AND EDINBURG.
J S. LONSDALE, Agent.
Ha. si HAD la
Memphis Mechanics' Institute.
Mcnrais. Tesh.. October 11. 1H71
'fHE Power and Mechanics' Hal! will be
L opened at 9 o'clock on ths ornlaw, oi
iue um in u-iio jer, .or tne reception of ar
tides intended tor cxhl ltion Mr. J. c
Hemaey and Mr. T. E. lie til will have chares
of thee had., aad wttl designate space and
location on ine app-iceiiori ot exmmiors.
ah nsrsoua intenuiux to exhibit la me me
chanical, artistic and scientific departments.
are earnestly requested to have their articles
or go-Mis in piaos oy v o clock on tne morn
Ins of Monday, thelttk of Oeteber. sjufDclect
pclloe force will be on the ground to guard
all gvods by day or nutht tin Deri c tendon ts
appointed oy ins Mechanics- institute
earnestly reoueated to renort to tha Btzs
tlve Committee at the Fair Uroundi by t
-'clock on the morning oi the ln or Octo
ber, tool.) M. BUKKE, Pres't.
for manufacturing and
DnrDOaea. Orders for car
loads will re-oceived anu forwarded by Mr
John H. Gallaway, st di pot of the Mrmrhia
and Charleston railroad, or may be left with
Tom B Dunn, Ticket A, en t. X Main street
Cost, delivered, fftu per car ot M to 1C0 barrels
oel C. L. AMOBBeO.s Hop't.
MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON R. R.
Special trains will leave depot at 1:H0 p.m.,
going lo the
rir Oroundai.
Friday and Saturday. 18th and 14th, to con
vey artlelea for exhibition, and persons who
may have business, or visitors to the grounds
previous to the fair. Fare for round trip, a"
cents. Mend articles to depot before noon to
Insure shipment.
QClt C. L. A.N DER80N. Bap t.
TO CONTRACTORS
We have In store at d arriving,
SOO BABB.EUI CHOICE BEEF.
Put up expressly for contractors' use
We are also prepared to furnish levee and
railroad contractors with every article or
supplies used on their works. nd upon fa
vorable terms. TOOP, PHI LIP 4 CXX,
oclS Wi Front street.
EXECUTOR'S SALS,
ON Saturday morning next, ths 14th of Oc
tober (Inst.), at 10 o'clock am, al the
auction house of A. M. Htoddard A Co., No. 80
Union street I will sell to the highest bid
der for cash, the honserold and kitchen fur
niture, topether with the stock and other ar
ticles belonging to ths estate of Mary Kelly,
deeessd. J. E. B. BAY,
oclt Bxecutor.
PUBLIC SALE
TEN ACRES OF LAND,
Grill' Station.
We are directed by Jobn D. Martin. Kfu.
the present owner, to sell to the highest bid
der, the beautiful ten acre lot, at GUI'" Sta
tion, lying in the shape of an L on tbe west
and sou: h side of the Gilt Place, on the Mem-
Shis and Charleston railroad, two miles from
iscity. It will be perceived that tbls Is the
very choicest loc-lity for a .uburban resi
dence about t he oltv, having a neantlf 1 front
on McLeroore and Ragan avenues. The sale
will be on tre premises, at 10 o'clock, on
Saturday, Sc ober 19th
In
and 11
TkHats Hall cash; balance
months, with Interest.
The trains to the Fair tircund will afford
an opportunity of examining the property
before hand and or attending the ssle
ocl BO tTER, -i 1-M.i-n
BY MA IE.;
stall road Hales.
The Bast Tennessee, Georgia and Vlr
glnla railroad company has purchased the
Cincinnati, uumoeriana uap ana unanes
ton railroad for the sum of $800,000 in
Ten neeaee 81 ate bonds.
Tbe Knoxville and Kentucky road waa
sold by the commissioners to an associa
tion of gentlemen, composed of W. B,
Johnson and A. L, Maxwell, ot Macon
Governor Joe Brown, of Atlanta: C. M.
MoGbee, of Knoxville; Columbus Deiano,
of Ohio; Simon and Don Cameron, of
Pennsylvania; Thomas oott, of the Penn
sylvania Central railroad; Mosee Taylor,
of New York, and B. Harare, of Boeton,
for $360,000 In bonds.
Tbe exact terms of the sale of the
Nashville and Northwestern railroad to
the Chattanooga railroad company is thus
given by tbe raitroad commissioners:
"The suustsnoe of the bid of tbe Nashville
and Cba tanooga railroad company, and
B. W. Cole and his associates, is that they
will give $2,400,(100 in bonds of the Stale
with January, lssi, ana suuseaiuent cou
pons attached; one-fourth payable in
stanter, one-fourth In one year, one
fourth in two years, and one-fourth in
three years. But ont of tbe drat and sec
ond payments are to be taken bonds suf
ficient to psy tne aeot to me ssnvitie
and Chattanooga railroad company as
leasee of said Northwestern railroad,
whiab ia by an act of tbe legislature a
preferred debt. Thia debt, ss claimed by
the Nashville and Chasten--oga railroad
company, amounts to $637,000 in curren
cy, ior wutuu :u suis iraue me saiu ajasu
ville and Chattanooga railroad company
una to take 17110 UIIO in hands of the -state!
TsTo ..In. nf Sink thl. Aav ,..l,i I THtlM 0 KALB- Utte -fOUTth COSll tuluui.
price is only WOW, ao thai" there Is felt" j l&Fl'JSEfStt
Under said purchase, olear to the Btate wfll be retained on the land aniil aTl ol the
S.fW.OOO in bonds of the State. The purchase money is paid,
st payment has been made under thia JAM KB RKir.j,Yt Clerk.
onrohsae. and a satlalaotorv hot,o w J- P"V.V'era
law the remainder. Tour commissioners
Probate Court Sale
MAIN STREET PROPERTY.
No. 3S, B. D. In the Probate nui t ol Shelby
oouuty. Tennsssec.-P Tobln aod wife,
Mary Tobln, administratrix oi the estate
of E. V. O'Mahoney, deceased, vs Bdward
O'Mahoney.
UNUKB and by virtue of a decree of sale
from the Probate Court of Shelby coun
ty, made at Ita present October Term, M l, I
will sell at public auction. In front of the
nourthouae door, on Union street, in the city
of Memphis, on
Wonday, November 13 1871,
between the hours of 10 o'clock a. to. and 4
o'clock p.m., ths following described Main
atteet property, to-wit beginning at a point
on Main street So feet north of the Intersec
tion of the alley between Market and Win
eheeter streets with Main street and at ths
north aids of the brick engine house; thence
running northwestwardly and with Main
street 35 Teet and S Inches; thence weatwsrd
ly aud at right ui n with Main street 56
feel uiwiiasraiuswuiji uiu parallel with
Mala street at tests incuts thenueeastwa-d-
wardly f 'set to the beginning; belna- he,.
or lot '46, aa laid down on St all. Zfi
I. nt UAmnHIa
Baconand Potatoes.
17 casks elaavr ajsd elawr rtkii 1 awes,
304M bbla Mnssst Pats4aes,
'wi .aie. low, io urercnania.
oa BDrrox, tbioo a co.
Grand Display
OF
British
and
French
DRESS FABRICS!
A. Seessel&Son.
We are now nftprinif ntinsuft.1 Atti-nrllnnm 1 n
DRESS GOODS
aa, French Bar pears,
FreBMk Cretonne, outline Heps,
Frame Eplngllne, bnprens f opllna.
BeassMwHe. Paurialesuie,
French HaUaee, Velours de Faras,
MlkSeige, laa per i ale.
wlln Mrlpes.
Ail ol the above are
Parisian dye and finish.
ol the beat. French
Hanson, Bates a Oasnlall, Sols, for com-
In addition to the above mbrles wa hava
now ready a lull line uf Black and colored
DRESS SILKS,
Consisting ol the following makes
Caeneaaire Kress s. Drop d' Alma,
Drop de Fran, e, Ur p de Arable.
Uros de Teaira, Crop ttiileaa.
We will also display
known makes of
a full line ol well-
BLACK ALPACAS,
All selected for the wauls of the trade, which
we offer at a small advance above Eastern
ease cHock constantly replenished with
ill at k Australian Crepes, Bauuorat Crepes
Black h-4 Barthea, Canton Cloth,
Black Bombasines, Black Hetlne
Black Silk Warp Henrietta
and Prinoetta Cloths;
U'Beilly x Cojtod Pima Irion ropliua,
all oolors and shades. Also the celebrated
ILUL. WABP HKNiUBlTAa,
Entirely a new article, in. ton different suadaa,
much In vogue.
A beiiutilul line .ii
Jassaneas fcstlh.
Of the beat Manchester ind Bradlord Diana
lectures.
Would call special attonlloc to the Oraod
Display, commencing Monday, October .th.
A. SFPtaiFi. !ON.
VALUABLE SUBURBAN LANDS
No. 88, B. D Second Chancery Coart Thorn.
O. Nefti et al. va K. J. fi. it. Winn et sJ.
t v virtue of a consent decree ol the aeoontl
L Chancery c mi ol Hhelby county, n-
tered m the above cause, I wiil, ml my offloe
door, on tieeond street, Memphis, oiler at
public sale, on
Fricfay, Kovesber t0, 1871,
with local hours, tbe lots of land designated
and no inhered from 1 o 5a, lnc usive. on the
plan oi subdivision of 4;"4 acres ol laia be
loL 1m, to IL. J.B, U Winn, situate in Hbeiby
coauty, on the new liaieiisu roead. and b 'aud
ed In part on the north by Wolf river. ruse
lota, a laid off on the plan now on exhibl
inn at the once ot the C!- ft and Master aud
of oum plat nan s' so lieu tor, L. B. McKarland,
Esq., rmbrsoe 5, 6, 1, snd Li acres
TneaelotSsOr may oi mem. will he sold for
one-tnlrd cash, and the balances on a credit
ol six and twelve mouths, with six par cents
interest. Notes without secnr.ty will be re
quired of the purchaser, and lien retained to
secure the de 'erred payments.
These lands are are all timbered, feitlle and
well adapted Jor SMALL KAHMK, or for gar
lie. ing purposes.
Sncti harjalrts ss Will b offered In bis land
uavt-.seioom been offered to the Hiex duaios,
tbe Wood-dkai.ks. tbe Kjasldmh n, and all
wbo want residence property adjacent to and
convenient 'o Memphis bei on meilne of
the projected rallioad from Memphis to tta
leigh, Dd only 7 ml es from i otut 4,us,re.
asr Fall par.Uulars and plans can hei.ad
at my offloe, or L. McKoVbLaud, aoi tor
complatnauts, at tbe Plants V Insurance
Building. No, il Madison street. Mempnla,
Tennessee.
M. L. L. STEWART, Ciexft and Master.
ocll-dtd
PETITION FOR ihuURPOJUTiOrt
county. Mo. tu. It. p. --s Uliam a ulieeu-
iaw, a imam n. r arringtou, uugn u
Brlnxie, John Overton, jr., and Bam Tate,
petitioners.
Lt, persons are hereby notified to appear
X. before the rleoend Cnancery Court ol
Shelby county and snow cause, on or beiore
tne first Monday in October. 11 any they have
or know of, wuy letters of incorporation
should not Issue to the petitioners Herein, in
pursuance of an aot ot the uenerai Araembly
of the Otate 01 Tennessee, passed January .i
mi, aud apptoved January W urn, under
tbe name ol the "Mamnhla and uttle Book
Hall road Company," with powers and privi
leges of a corporate body, or tue purpose ol
transport ng, by suilaoie vessels and struo
tures, tbe trains of cars ot the Memphis and
Utile Book Ha 1 1 mad Company across tbe
Mississippi river, snd of building and main,
talnlug such ral.road tracks and otnerao.
pojtonancea thereto, In to, eaty ol aaemphla
lor the reception w uua t ains ,l( cara, and
the passage the same, and tor connecting
the su Memphis and Ldule Hock railroad
with tbe several railroads on the east aids of
the Mississippi river, and ot acquiring, hold,
ing, astablianlng and maintaining such
grounds lor depots, aud ucn d jiol buildings
and other grounds aud buiidiugit as may be
necessary for the use, aooom mortaucans or
oonveuleuce ol the said Memphis and Utile
Bock Ballroad Company. ThJi Zi 'j
lgTL
M. D. L. STbTWABT, Clerk and
?T C. Bwatan, Deputy Clark and u2
iUndolph, Hammond A Jordan, BoUeitors
DRESS FABRICS
Embracing all the new Colorings in
Cashmeres,
Satin Cloths,
Crapes, Etc.
SPECIALLY SELECTED FOR
CITY TRADE,
TO BE 0UN0 AT
COLLS
273 Main Street 273
alii, lumur.
a a ri doily
MURRAY S RIDGELY
MERCHANT TAILORS,
No. 3t Madison Street,
Boat of Clark's Jewelry Store,
oca
MBMPB1K TENS,
NOTICE.
A Last aj.tlee tlae
Heretolere Held ts Use elly lor lass
.Mon.paya.ent ol Taxes.
OFF1CB OF CITY TAX OOLdBlT R,
Mcjij-his, October :0. 1371. 1
The twelve months allowed bv law for the
laisnipiiun oi properly sold 'or ibs non pay
ment of taxee tor ths 'o-tysccond corporate
i rnl "in es.,.ire ou IBSM day OI no-
vember. 1V7I.
Alter the 1st dav of December. 1K71 Hsnti
Will be taken bv me oltv and nmn -.thnih.
oroa of tne Heglster of Shelby onont;, for
all the properly struck o3 to the city st tne
sals In November, 1570 and not redeemed at
that dste
Hy dlrtc-lou of ibe Ma:ror. the ..wnsrs nt
property, fold In former rears and .nt rm.
deemed, may edeem lh same by or r-eforn
tbe tat day or Decnuher, 171; after i bat date
deeds taien br tbe etty for all property so'd
iu iviuidi J.W.WIU lis reisBmei. will al"o
bs recorded, an i BSBBSSl will laa ltrt,no.tA.
brought -o reeo'er poeseastoa of ail tae
properly for whicn deeds h vs been akeu.
rr-LlA W. KOHEHTroN.
CltyTax Collector.
$10,000
Third Annual Fuir of ha Mcmohit
Agrteuititf.1 and Mocfean
ital 8oci6y.
AUCTION
3 "V A. Foil es.-. s tjaj,
AUCTIOMcEHS
AUD COMMLSICN E.RCHAHTS,
aia rmmx mw aiauvt. .uAjaa,
of each week, commencir.g st It- o'clock
slating ot
rva cr
oi cenalgaM goods, con.
Hate, (lothieur. On
"estsa, t -llery, blaware,
ss esile.y lite,
ear Country mercusnts, ,nc the trade z-n-eraiiy
.will had It to tueir interest to -utVnd
seal
A. E. FRAftiKLAftD
AUCTtOn
Commission Merchant,
AND
UNOERWRiTtfl'S AGE.Ni,
.85 ANU i97 MAiN ST,
TKADE HAl.RK
DRV GOODS, CLOTHINfi. BOOTS, Sf.OtS,
HATS, NOTIONS. rtOSMRY, CUT
LERY AND FANgY GOODS,
Mocdays eamtc0da an Frioiyt,
GROCERIES FURNITURE
TUkSOAYS AND THURSDAYS.
r ootdoor nales attended to with prompt.
end la pa leu.
'Aiwaya in store a targe I
W.J" view ol increasing the interesi efaassdlae at private sale.
ZJ-"'.:".'V. eari-ityand onnt.- -em,.,,.. ..i. s-.
ens aawowaswawaj by eism.nlng afs ck, and it
tending sales. A.m ..SkUa D, Auct
ANUe
b Oosa
AUCTIONEERS,
COMMISSION KEHCHANTS -NO
rAVTUHcna AbENTa,
earner ml Seesag nasd ausmi nta,
kj E will ommei.,e
vv salsa, at Aoctln
rn each
ajaaat 11
each.. ZZL'Zr 1.UW
each 300
II sash 17s.
isll. aud amtinn.
during tbe season,
urs, emoraclne svsr
ur regular tall trade
"a T u.K, --sspc
,Ar Lsvmesiie um OiAi
jtaa uoon, rtbufcs,
akiety 00 -Da.
JTIO- t",
aaaanaj
and
stantly supplied wit., every d.sciptl-m ol
Merchandise suitable Is, Ur uaiaet, boa
offering locus and country u,e cu ui-arars
pportuultj torepie-lsu a -ca i i-rices tar
T.'iV". rJ,nlr UDr regular sale lays
will be Tusnnars Ann Istiu.tn
a -k. oneer
To tJtio
Dirsetora have determined to offer s list of
Oasis PrOTYlltima.
For attendance, appointing
TUESDAY. CT0BER ?7, IB7I
As the day for dlauibutlen, wbsn It la ex
pected will be assembled law largest number
of person, ever pres. nt at one time oat tne
grounds.
1 tenets, numbered and stamnad.
that day nnlv, will entitle t-a holds to ad
mission to tue tiruundo, and part-siputlon in
the ehaeees ol tht- foUowlng lurt of
VALUABLE CASH PRKMJDMrl:
1 premlaia of tlOUU. iuu,
I oreminiu, of
It premiums of
Al preuiliiins ol
to premiums of
premiums ul
iXi premiums 01
til premiums amounting to now,
The Hoard of Directors, is cumiue- uing
Ibis scheme to the public, promise that it
shall be carried out in good fauu They will
appoint a committee or award, wuoas high
character will us a sufficient guarantee that
i-vr jr. latiruees .111 oouiroi ine distributaon.
rns price of these special tlckeu
axed al tbs low sum at TWO IXILLAKo m
order that they may as within the reae ot
every one.
it is booed and uoeeusi 111.111-. tm,h
Annual Pair will beau suocesslul. hnanciiiv
as to enable tbe Society to erect suitable
nuildluas .Bd ilUDnlv. the .'Sniii(i.!n.ii.h
degree ul excellence as to reu-L-r tbem a
source of pride to every citiseu of "tempLis
Shelby oountv and theadiacent oouulry.
The Board ol Directors bave selected Mr.
VY. H. BATKS to spervsss tbls spsmal si
rangament, and tickets cat- L-e haa u appll
aUou to mm, at ths Metnpuu aad ctianes
on ttallroad Depot, or tniuus i any of his
lab-agenva.
J 4.00B TMOMfl.. .'resldt ul.
-aos. TaooaixiLS, Bsatulsry,
SPECIAL ATTENTION
ta called to the above announcers eut of the I
1 ii.iuwii mis duiiu uj uireciota There 1
loi ma least oouoiouiwual u tto liclels
wiU be so.d. Ths very low prise at wnich
.uey are placed two dollars- will enable
Nil uu wmnuuie meir mite toward
ueaulirylng lbe grounds of he Aasoela' ion.
huo uaaing .oner improvetuenuv This is no
private enterprise, but Is gotten up by the
Board o; Litr ctors whose nigh standing aa j
mmiv.uiiu-.wi. ewsnwaaea aiuasns cannot
be -tuneti. ueu-icr tbe sole purpose of oeue- 1
fltun the public, by adding to ins beauty ot
The ticsets entitle tbe Uoldars lo admission
to th 1 fair on mat day, 11 thus, hulding
u.u. i.iw MS SUBDU, HDU M CDSSCS IU IOUT
hundred and algfaty-one trash premiums.
imi,iu, iiuui eivuu WISH.
TPS uumberof llokelala llmll.1 -n 111 im
and under no clrciunstanoso will more is'
suat number be solo.
All orlaea will be wald In OAftn
Your attention is aallai to the names ol tne ut-CBfil -ur srpeCT nu-iata
following genuemeu, wno compose tbe 'tBfcnwALOf 3ECSET Ol ;A3ES,
Board:
-ucu aa sjyDhllla, Oonorrhaa, Oleet. Strtee
1 lures an i a i urinary diseases, jeotltUc at
ereurisi aitest-onn of -.hi. hr st -tin Ol
NEW COTTON PRESS.
I HAVE Invented a cotton press which la
suited to the wauls of tbe farmer: strung.
tmpie .u sr-suge-nent and easily managed:
reirrto J r. Dowdy, .'N Front s'ret- ilcv
MaClsslan CO., J Fron- s rest; Suart-e
noo.ria.il Monroe street; Tho-. 'lltasauswi.
sl .vlnnroe street, wno lavs tbe press forsaaa
and can testify to lU suce-rlority
O. W. 3W1NK1KOAD,
aca tto i War Ten-i.
860. -STA8lI Hu 860.
OR B.C. AHlATTE'S
CELEB HATED
Medical institute
42 North Ceurt atr.st
FOB IH" TREATMENT OF ALL DfaV.
E Bfgel, chronic or wluerwlse, assist orl
by an able corps of .scientific rhysicians and
Burgeona
Uou. Jacob Thomfbos. President.
Ekocb Esenat, Klrst vioe-fresictenu
Kli ttarssn Second Vice-Presldsm.
B. u. uoonwra, Third Vlcss piesident.
i. H. KUiauKnaos. Koarth Vlos-Freeldem.
John Baows, fifth Vice President.
Jons T -tka r- -n Treasurer.
Laos. TaocHOALX, secretary.
U. L. Asnansus, A, B. Hatsixs,
Josara Bancs, aatouu, mu,
H. Ba i Lisa, loMM C. Jfiaaa,
A. J. hUra, N. O. Psskxaa.
Tickets can be had at tne vrrlous ut.igen
gles. In Memphis and elsewhere, or ousppu
cauou to me, by letter with stamp enclosed
for re urn ol tickets, or in person, at the
Memphis and Charleston .tallruai Lepot
Memphis, Tenn. W. H. B TEH,
aau Agent for Sals of Tickets
Tickets can be had st the follow Lug tuu
ageuGiasi MANSFORO'S NEWS DEPOT,
JOE LOCKE'S NEWS DEPOT,
J. C. EVHICH'S NEWS DEPOT,
GEORGE "ERGMAN'S CIGAR STAND.
LEUBRlE'S biGAR STA.0,
W. ii. BYRO'S JEWELRY STORE,
BARNUM'a JEWELRY Si ORE,
MEMPHIS 4 CHARLES i ON TICKET OFFICE
CHRIS: SI ElNKUHL'S CAPITAL bALQON
W. H. BAT EH,
Agent ior tbe sale ol Tt eketa.
b-iue, also tbe rflnati
ruinous to the body as w,
duiaug oHothesoa the ran
teucy, Liiaaiueoe, Dimness
ot Ideas, Averslou to Sooi
e y. etc Ail eases of
effectually cured.
isnit
e miu'f, pro.
blllty. Imp-s.
int. i 'onlnaloa
of Xeise
speedily and
Rneumaiisai and Paralysis
POUITl VltLY CLUED by
celebrated
the use of my
Electro-Gheaicai ca ns.
Particular attention paid to Ui semes of Fv
males, sucn as Suppressed or ral-fol Mt i
strcatlon railing of the oiub, Lenoorrn,
or Whites, and to all Irregularities of to
monthly periods.
The Doctor can be evnsuited personally -ar
by istter. Iga
TXT
ENSLISH
FEMALE
rt-JLi JtLi Y
AND FRENCH
INSTiTUTE.
HERNANDO
LiSUhAN C tiHAHV
OF MEMPHIS,
OFFICE, No. 7 MADISON STREET,
a. M. Dl ajkX OMB, 1
aV tlAI.Bfga.ATH, VI
r. aL, HKJUMtaj. faeetwataiw.
W. SALLtfT, AaWt Inrmrr.
DIRECTORS!
8. H. DDMMCOMB, W. B. MALBHKATB.
I). H. TOWNSEJSD, LUDIH Ut.VAC tt,
JOS BMCCE, J. J. BUSBY,
EL H. J Orl KB. B. T. XWJL.
JOKM C. fllllt A. VACCAJiO,
Oaw
rHJS exercises of in Is school .Ul be re
sumed on Monday, -eplemoer tin, ItBj,
MRS. L MAY, Pnwapai.
HOT SPRINGS Of ARKANSAS.
Accon oiosatHia Mack
INM. 8. DAVIS, Proprietor
IN soooeasful operation tor six years, H
THaouoa Tiaatana sold oa this Una.
parties axes and xnuw what iney pay for be.
'ore parting wb one dollar.
These hae are all ol the vary beat mate
rial and be t expreaaly for thia travel, rtiey
m.1 six pet sons, are large aud oomy, and
may be used by parties of from two to flv.
with ordinary baggage, or for rjrvAUDe, in.
wau being so ooa.tr acted as eastl to oou
tltnts a bed. Bemamoar, una Is tbe only
Aowaaamodstion Hack Line, and no through
tlrsttis are said over lu Backs may be se
cured by letter or telegraph. OfaVee at the