‘LOCAL MISCELLANY.
8
THE WAR AGAINST THE GRATZES.”
INDORSEMENT OF THE TRIBUNE'S COURSE.
Lawyers appear generally pleased with the
effect of the assaults of THE TRIBUNE on the Ring Ref
erecs, and are anxious to farther the work. The prom
ised developments as to tire appointment of Receivers,
and the legal method of fleecing such unfortunate corpo
rations as promise fair picking, are hopefully looked for.
Under the incitement of THE TRIBUNE disclosures a
movement has been set on foot to present an array of
facta relative to the corrupt and collusive practices of
certain judges and members of the bar so fully substan
tiated as to admit neither of palliation nor disproof.
Another glaring instance of unjudicial conduct oc
curred a few days since at Special Term, where a refer
ence was ordered to Gratz” Coleman. After the ad
journment of the Court, Judge Barnard directed the
Clerk to return him the order of reference, remarking,
“Jimmy won't take it.”
The readiness of the legal Jrotession to furnish infor
mation, and the obvious desire to Ju THE TRIBUNE on
the track of the manifold corruptions connected with
the administration of justice, evince much appreciation
of THE TRIBUNE'S course.
A REFEREE JUDGE VISITS TAE TRIBUNE OFFICE.
“You young sprigs of the Press must all
come aud see me at my house, for I don’t care what tho
papers say about me; but I'd advise THE TRIBUNE Dot to
say things against me by implication.” Thus gpoke
Judge McCunn to a group of reporters in THE TRIBUNE
office yesterday, slapping one of them intrlitiy on the
back, to the young man's intense astonishment that a
Judge of the Superior Court should be guilty of guoh
Jevity. The Judge further explained that he has always
been free from the Dplications of the referee system
that he knew there were corrupt Judges on the bench—
though it was not for him to say so—but that he was not
one of them. His eccentric conduct excited grave fears
that Lis intellect wight be slightly deranged.
I
THF CLAFLIN FAMILY FEUD.
TENNIE C. CLAFLIN SEEKS TO DRIVE HER PARENTS
FROM HOME.
Miss Tennie C. Claflin forgot abstruse finan
eial problems and the galling chains of her enslaved sex,
yesterday, repaired to the Jefferson Market Police Court,
and there revealed private woes whieh compelled the
tearful sympathy of every ome present. All vulgar
seekers of warrants for the arrest of relatives bad left
the court-room, when Miss Claflin stood up before
Justice Shandley and wade her complaint. She raid that
Lier parents, Buckman and Anne Claflin, lived with her
at No. 156 East Thirty-eighth-st.; that they wero of
quarrelsome disposition, epeaking evil of her
to acquaintances, and to whatever visitors
might come to the house; that the busi
ness secrets and plans of the banking firm of Wood
hull Claflin, were constantly revealed to any stranger
that might be in the house; that they had refused to
leave the house, althongh payment for their board atany
hotel had been proffered; and that, if they could be
frightened out of the house, fbe did not wish to have
them arrested.
Justice Shandley quietly listened to Mies Claflin's re
marks, and then, rapidly writing for an instant, gave
her a summons for Mr. and Mrs. Claflin to appear in
Court and answer the charge. Miss Claflin left the court
room with a triumphant swing in her walk, but about an
hour afterward returned with a despondent face, and
told the magistrate that the summons had been laughed
at by her parents, who insultingly refused to leave the
honge. Judge Shandley told her that he would issue a
warrant for her parents’ arrest, and the following afll
davit was then made:
Teunie C, Claflin of No. 15 East Thirty-eighth-st., being
duly sworn, deposes and says that on the 14th day of
December, 1871, Buckman Claflin and Annie Claflin were
Ruarreling, using insulting, abusive, RpLITIONS, and
threatening language, making a noise and disturbing the
Jee, Deponent had a snmmons served upon vi boy
sued by Justice Shandley, which they refused to obey,
They are go annoying to dopunent po other residents
of the house us to be no louger endurable,
TENNIE C. CLAFLIN.
The complainant grasped the warrant, and, hurrying
into court sergeant McComb's room—said, Dear Ser
kcans, do serve this warrant. They interfere with my
plans so that T can't sleep nights, and when I get down
to the office I'm not fit for anything. Oh, I know they
are frightened they sent out for a baggage-wagon just
ar I left the house. Let us hurry.” Sergeant McComb
“wrdered Officer Curry to go with Miss Claflin, arrest her
father and Seother, Aud bring them both into the Police
Court this morning; “Ureupon the officer and Miss
Claflin entered her carriage, aud were whirled away
with great speed. fi x
THY COMMINIST PARADL
MAYOR JIALL CONFERS WITH THE YOLICE (OM
MISSTONERS=—TIIE ORDER RESCINDED—A T’'RO
PoskED LAW TO REGULATE STREET VPROCES
KIONS, any
The Mayor and Police Commissio 0 as
scmbled yesterday at Police Headquarters to cia
whether or not the Internationals should be allowed Ht
parade ou Sunday. During the day a telegram was re
ceived by President Smith from Gov. Hoffinan, request:
ing (0 be informed of the result of the deliberations of
the Mavor and Commissioners. One or two of the mem
4 Roard wished to admit the reporters, but the
Wr20T Lue “Ya meetin WAS ba
majority objected, ana iu wy therefore
4  scerct one. At the close of tue A
the oflicial proceeding were given to thé re orters;
The meeting occupied an honr and a half. Commissioner
wooworth opened the discussion by offering the fol
_e wo.
Tore NR That so mneh of the arder of the Sth inet. relating to the
pacnule of the Tnterpational Societies, as directs the Supenntendent to
Take the necessary measnres to prevent the parade on Sunday. in ease the
Societies should iusist on parading ou that day, be und is hereby re
dad. That the Saperintendent he and is hereby directed to take
the necessary 1 easares to prevent a breach of the peace on the occasion
of such procession, and to protect the publie from disonler and violence.
Judge Bosworth stated that it would not he disarect
for the Commissioners to use force to prevent the
parade, with the possible loss of life of the innocent as
well as the guilty, and claimed that the Legislature
shonld regulate street processions by statutes so explicit
that every citizen could understaud them. It would be
unwise, he argued, to persist in a conse which, though
legal, was opposed to the convictions of the front a.
jority of the community. Mayor Hall oftered the fol
fering: as an amendment
Whereas. A faner:] procession is contemplated on Randav next he a
Rociety ealled the Iternationsl; and ir hereas the Rociety has wl vd to
the Police for penuission to sanction the parade by its due order; und
whereas other citizens have applied to the Board to prevent it.
Resolved, As the seuse of the Board, that tue whole subject he referred
where it belonge—1to the resident avd Superintendent upderthe action
of this Board. takes Mas Tu, 187),
The mwendment was lost, Mayor Hall and Commis.
sioner Barr voting for it, and Comunnissioners Smith,
Bosworth, and Manierre against it. Commissioner Bo
worth’s resolutions were then adopted by the follow x
Vote
A Yer=Commiscioye rs Bosworth aud Barr, and Mayor
Hall.
Nays—Commnissioners Smith and Manierre.
The result of the meeting was at once telegraphed to
Gov, Hoffwan. Mayor Hull offered the following, which
was laid on the table
Resolved, That the Board of Police hereby memorialize the Legislature
J She Pas of wu 3 regulaiir g processions. apd that Commissioner
se requested to subimic the dealt of such an act for legislative
Lr and in the meantime the Mayor submits the Ag for
the baxie thereof: i
AN ACT to regulate the use by processions of streets within e ties,
The People of the State of New-York sepresented in Senate and As
sembly do enact as follows
wncpon 1. 1t in herehy Zeclared lawful for all pereons to form proces
sions, in and MY phrposex of orderly walking or marchive, to use ans
street or streets within auy city, but subject to the provisions of this set.
r Bee sn strom procession and the perscns forming it are hereby
robibibed from using any a i! r SLUR bp rs
ter or vy by ware’ ing ALON Or alol) said tr be rnd
the free pastage of €irs vpou railway tracks ball got be ipegernd with
by the formation, hd of 1preh of ang such FERarob Or of the persons
composing it. Wh 3 rd ah Fiocejplon shall fod it necessary to march
Sop Tey inst, the portion o subd procramin wligh iy sg uagch
ing is Ae yv to stop the passage of any af oF Cars pou said Vat shall
come 10 a halt in order to peFmit said car fi frdeve


SEC. 3. At least within six hours preee!ng the forming or marching of
any procession (except ove of the National Guard or of auy portion
thereof) the chief officer thereof shall. in writing. notify the Mayor or po
hice wuthonties of the city of the object. purposes, and time of march
thereof, and it mar he lawful for the said Mayor or Jue authorities to
demgnate to such procession (excepting as aforsesid) bow much of the
street 1p width it ean occupy. and with especial erence to crowded
thoroughfares through whieh said procession may wove, and when so des
ated the chief oficer of said procession sball be respousible that the
og in obeyed.
Bre. 4. No procession. except for fureral or benevolent or religions
purposes, shall be allowed on Sunday within eity Limits If sus Sunday
preocessioidin cities shall be ont with music, the said music shall
cease within oue block of epproaching or Rito any ehureh or meeting:
hous upon or iacint to the live of march and within which church or
weeling-house re lig ous services are then occurring. No caunen or Gre
anos shall be dis Larged ou Sunday in connection wilh any procession,
*geept within liwits of a cemetery or burial-ground, by permission of the
ownérs thervof,
Bc. 5 Amy bystanders who sball unjostifably use violence, without
intent to take or without taking life toward auy gerson or persons within
8 procession, shal! if coov cted thereof, be Wed by the court before
whieh be is convicted with im ronment of pi with fine,
Sec. 6. 1t shall be the daty of the public authorities of anv city to suit
My rotect any procession whenever it is marching in manver Lot cal
ealatcd to ocearion an awineot breach of the peace.
rx TI shall be o misdemesnor for any person to violate the probi
Vivons of tue act.
Sl
SMALL-POX IN BROOKLYN.
HEALTH-OFFICER COCHRAN WARNS THE MAYOR
—VACCINATION TO BE RESUMED.
Mayor Kalbfleisch was visited yesterday
morning by Health-Officer Cochran and Aldermen Clan
cy and McGroarty, who had been delegated by the Board
of Health to ascertain what action it should take to pre
vent the spread of small-pox.
Dr. Cochran said: We have come here, Mr. Mayor, to
inform you that we are out of money, and that the
small-pox is increasing in all parts of the city, It is now
in all our public institutions, and it will be necessary to
take action in the matter. The only thing I can re
commend js vaccination, and if this is not done at once
we are in danger of serious trouble; we shall have jt
bere as they have it in Philadelphia. We ask If we shall
employ physicians to take hold and do the work of vac
Myo Kalbfleisch remarid that before anything
0 be done the Common Council mpit be convened.
Dr. Cochran—I don’t wawt it said that it is my fault if
the discase gets the upper hand of us. The wdre men
Jougut to work the cheaper it will be in tho end. I vow
warn you that it is coming. If you do not furnish the
money and required aid, Jou can take the keys of my
office and look to it Jou ves.
Mayor Kalbfleisch stated that the Common Council
must be convened and money appropriated for the pur
pose, and that the Water Boa must be compelled to
Jave the streets cleaned, as the disease was partly due
to the dirty streets.
Aldermen Clancy and McGroarty subsequently di4
rected Dr. Cochran to Jrotuss the requisite number of
bhyaiclans and resume the work of vaccination,
PLANS FOR ABATING THE FOURTH-AVE. RAIL
ROAD NUISANCE.
SW AAS AY VV ANAT Veer
The Board of Aldermen received, yesterday,
from the committee appointed to ascertain the best
method of abating the nuisance caused by the running of
trains on Fourth-ave., a report and resolutions, published
in full in the official proceedings in another column. The
report recommends that bridges be put up at Forty-sixth,
Forty-seventh, and Forty-ninth-sts., with gates at the
other crossings; that the company be compelled to sink
the grade 11 feet from Forty-ninth-st. to Fifty-ninth-st.,
and stated depths up to Eighty-sccond-st.; that above
One-hundred-and-eleventh-st. the tracks shall be ele
vated not less than 16 feet, and that one-half
the cost of the work be pald by the
Company, and the reat by the city. The Committee are
of the opinion that ‘the city, if the contemplated im
provement {is carried into effect, will be largely tho
gainer for all time to come, a8 the increased valuation
of the adjoining and contiguous Jroperty, gp Or re
motely affected, will inure to the benefit of the city
treasury in the taxes that will be received Sonsequent
upon such increased valuation.” On the other hand, the
Committee say that “The Rallroad Company will be
benefited, as it will forever be removed from the
annoyances, complaiats, and Snina gos consequent upon
the injury to Property and loss of life inseparably con
nected with Opera ng the road as at present conducted,
and as it will be enabled gnietly to hold and enjoy the
valuable franchise it obtains from the city, in considera
tion of rompiying with the directions contained in the
resolutions, for all time to come.” The Board of Assistant
Aldermen also held a meeting yesterday, and took action
similar to that of the Board of Aldermen in regard to the
Fourth-ave. matter.
I
ART SALE AT THE SOMERVILLE GALLERY.
The attendance at the Somerville Gallery
last evening was smaller than on Wednesday, and only
moderate prices were obtained. One of Andre Plunot’s
pictures brought $410, which, with two or three excep
tions, was the highest price paid. Paul Martin's Acro
bat Family” was sold to Mr. Chapman for $205. J. W.
Casilear’s Late October” brought $240, and the “Trout
Brook,” by W. Whittredge, $205. “Too Young to
Love” was sold to Mr. Low for $335.
“Landseape and Cattle,” by J. D. Harding, wae
urchased by ‘Mr. Downing for #70, and Willamette
River,” by A. Bierstadt, Brought $225. On the Dela
ware.” by William Hart, was sold to Mr. Miller for $210;
Quiet Nook,” by E. Van Elton, to Mr. Maynard for
$150; “Lady Godiva,” by E. Leutze, to Mr. Roberts for
8460; Lake Maghiore,s by 8. R. Gifford, to Mr. Martin
for $525: “The Adien,” hy Schrenberg, to Mr. Morse for
$260; Memphremngoy Lake,” by J. B. Bristol, to Mr.
Maynard for $200; and Flowers,” by E. Bedan, to Mr.
Ruxter for £220.

THE WESTFIELD TEST CASE-NO VERDICT.
The jury in the case of Mrs, Jane Madden
agt. The Staten Island Ferry Comypezny, for the re
covery of $5,000 damages for the death of her husband,
John Madden, by the Westfleld explosion, came into
court, yesterday, and announced that they could not
agree upon a verdict. Judge Neilson informed them
that he did not desire to re-try the case, and hoped that
they would again retire and try to come to a conclusion.
After an hour's deliberation, they returned and reported
that an agreement was impossible, The Judge then dis
charviv 1011.
THE ow HARTO. N TRIA 1.
BR ae. AB i  INGoI|i.
FURTHER TESTIMONY FOR THE DEFENSE.
FURTHER TESTIMONY FOR THE DEFENSE.
ANxNAroLIS, Md, Dec. 14.—The trial of Mis.
Wharton was resmmed this morning. Harry W. 8now
den was called: Witness resides in Baltimore; has known
Mrs. Wharton since last Epring; did not know Gen.
Ketchum; on the 28th of June went to nurse a gick man
in Mrs. Wharton's honse, and was summoned by her to
the roow of Gen. Ketchum: started to go, and br. Wil
liams then appeared ind accompanied witness; Gen,
Ketchum seemed very ill; witness described minutely
Gen. Ketehum’s symptoms; in the judgment of witness
Gen. Ketelmm was in continuous convulsions, clutching
at intervals his throat, breast, and stomach; shortly after
12:30 o'clock Mrs. Wharton stated to Mrs. Hutton that
she had prepared Gen. Ketehwin's medicine, and at Mrs.
Wharton's request, witness administered the dose,
(Dr. Williams was here called to the stand, and pre
Jared u dose of yellow jessumiue, such as he prepared
or Gen. Ketchum.)
Witness, resuming, stated that the medicine, as now
prepared by Dr. Williamg, did not have the same appear
ance as the dose Jrepared by Mrs. Whaaton, and amin:
istered by him to Gen. Ketchum, which had a thick,
cloudy, lead-colored appearalite; Whereas, the prepara
tion now before him was clear and transparent. Forty
~dditional drops were added to the Jreparation, and it
was still unlike the dose administered to Gen. Ketchum,
Witness prised, 88 a peculiar circumstance, that when
the “was put In Gen. Ketchum's mouth, it was
file shod 80 AS to start a front tooth from the rocket and
make it bleed; was present when chloroform and chloral
wor gomipistered; it seemed to relieve his agony gud
quiet hum. Tes
On crossexamination the witness stated that he ht?
placed tartar-emetic in a tumbler with jessamine
and water, and it did not eodvee the color he observed
in the dose administered by him to Gen. Ketchum wit
Less sald that laudanum was also placed in a tumbler
with tartar-cmetic and Jossapiine and the mixture pro
duced a brown color, which sdme Lights wight have
aYheared gray or lead color,
f
Eugene Van Ness testitied that he resides in Baltimore;
has resided there abont 18 years; was at Mrs. Whar
ton's honsa about the 2ith of June, while Gen. Ketchum
TYE Are
Mr. Syester—Do not answer the question Tam about to
ask you until you have beard from the Court. I wish
yvou'to state to the jury how you came to he at Mrs,
Wharton's house oj that day. if well or sick, and de
seribe your feeling? aud symptoms fully, and bow you
happened to be there.
Tie defense objected, and a long argument ensued,
which continued up to the hour of adjournment. Messrs,
Hagener and Thomas, for the defense, claimed that facts
fu regard to a criminal act conld not be received in evi
dence to sustain a charge of alleged subsequent unlaw
ful action, which had no connection with the former,
and that it was not competent to place before the jury
sworn to try the case of Gen, Ketchum, the facts in the
case of Van Ness, which was now pending under separate
and distinct indictments from,and had no connectionwhat
ever with the case now on trial. The prosecution contend
ed that, as they relied Bjon circumstantial evidence, it
was proper to introduce the testimony of Mr. Van Ness in
order to show the presence of poison in the hionge of the
prisoner, aud as an important link in the chain of ¢jg
cumstances hy which they expected to connect the pris
oner with the poisoning of Gen. Ketch, and i oa
that the testimony of Mr. Van Ness was properly a part
of the res gestae, Attorney-Gen, Byester closed for the
State, wit rowbick the Court adjourned until 16 a. wm. to
ATI ETA
A CALIFORNIA DISCUSSION.
Judge Delos Lake, of the San Francisco Mu
nicipal Court, took violent ¢xceptions to the personal
criticisms made upon him by The Daddy Chronicle, of
that city, and, a few days since, meeting Mr. Chas. De
Young, one of the proprietors of the paper, on the street,
struck bim over the head with hia cane. De Young,
being a small wan, ran in and seized one of the legs of
the tall Judge aud brought him to the ground. The
Judge drew a pistol aud beat the journalist severely
about the Read. In the scramble the weapon exploded
and severely wounded a bystander, E. D. Wheeler, a
well-known lawyer. There was gre excitement in the
city, especially as De Young had once before been us
sanlted on the streets by a District Judge who had been
offended hy the free comyents of The Chronicle. The
end of the affair was that Judge Lake gave bonds iy
$1,000 to answer the ¢hargg of assault.
a 4
A CHICAGOAN CONCERNING THE FREE LIBRARY.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: As an Englishman, I am proud to learn
that the leading Authors of my country are generously
contributing copies of their works for a free library for
unhappy Chicago. Permit me to suggest, through vonr
columns, that American authors and American publish
ers shonld not permit themselves to be outdone in gener
osity by Englishmen, Come forward, gentlemen, let us
have a library that will be an honor to the age.
Chlacago, Dec. 9, 1871. WwW. L. B.
Sr
POYIICE NOTES
Charles A. Requa, age 16, was erushed between a
caurl boat and Pier No. 36, N. KR. Just night, aud severely injured,
Jacob Nederhueer, age 16, ot No. 138 Essex-st., fell
frow the third story window of No. 165 Attoruey-st., yesterday, and was
justently killed.
The Coroner's jury in the case of John Kelly, who
fell through a bole in the plavking st the Desbrorses Ferry, censured the
Ferry Company yesterday.
Frederick Cushman of No. 130 Hndson-ave., Brook
Irn, was stabbed by an unknown man, in Divisionst., last night, and
received p slight wound. No arrest.
wiohn McGuinness, a aongshoreman of No. 1354
-at., fell, on Wedne t, and,
asl rp oil Su Y wey night, into the East River
A Mary O'Brien, ago 33, died yesterday in Bellevue
tal, receiv recently i f i
No. 40 Bast Thirty-second ot. while insane. ping Som Window of
Simon Kreigers goods. on the fourth floor of No. 3
Bayard-st., were $100 by §re early yesterday. The bduildiog,
owned by Win. J. Pease, was damaged #100.
John Miller, Age, 21, a German, of No. 160 East
Houston-st., hanged bimeel early yesterday in the stable No. 248 East
Houston-st. He had lately shown symptoms of insanity.
Joseph E, Marshall, age 10, of No. 208 East One
bundred-and-pinth-st., wid knocked down by Car No. 6 of the Third-aye.
hue, last night, asl seyerely injured about the bead and body.
Richard Nagle, age 29, of No. 415 East Eighteenth-st,,
fell yesterday from a ladder into the basement of 8 new building iu West
Twenty-second-st., and received a dangerous wound on the bead,
Antonio fofiman, a German, age 60, died in Belle
vue Hospital erday from injuries received on Taeaset by being
koocked down and run over by a coach at Avenue B and Sizth-st.
Ellom Hall, colored, age 24, of No. 29 Sullivap-st.,
was stabbed in the left side with u poexet kinfe, by John H. Cooley,
colored, of No. 12 Jersey st, yestenlay, reccivicg a alight wound.
Cooley was arrested.
A fire on the first and second figors of No. Bea
ver-ot ested by Heuneman Co., cotton lirokers, last evening. de
stroyed worth $100; insured. The husement was Scoupied by
Wilbon k Woodrow. wine merchants; loss #50. The bullding, ow
by Murphy MeCormach, was damaged $2,000, insured,
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE FRIDAY, DECEMBER 19 19/1.
THRRMOMETER YESTERDAY,
Noon. [Y
Som. Midnight
26
HIGH TIDE rords
Couey Inland. Battery. Hell Gate, Flashing. L A
pom, a.m mM. Am p.m
bos Tee 10:06 1:6 O24 Ose 1S
Neto- York Hotel—Admiral J. R. Tucker, Rear
Admiral Haza, and Capt. Barrera of the Peruvian Navy,
and Judie J. L. Bogart of New-Orleana Gilery
House—The Hon. Matthew Hale of Albany. Bre
voort House—~Dr. J. G. Holland of Springficld, Mass, and
R. G. Husard of Rhode Island, St. Nicholas Holel—
A. L. Runyon, Btate Controller, J. Booy, State Treasurer,
Senator Bettle ana Senator Conover of New-Jersey; 0X:
Gov. John L. Marye of Yirginia, Gen. H. E. Valentine of
Hartford, and ex-Mayor Milliard of Omaha, Sk
James Hotel—Col. W. b. Farrand, formerly U. B. Consul
at Lima, Pern, Fifth Avenue Hotel—The Hon. W.
H. Barnum, M. C., C. 8. Bushnell, and W. G. Ely of Con
necticut, and ex-Mayor Norcross of Boston. Melro
politan Totel—Gen. G. M. Dodge of Towa, and W, Solda
enhoff of Russia, Astor House—Ex-(Congreasman
8. Newton Pettis of Pennsylvania, and Col. R. N. Gere of
Yracuse.,
NEW-YORK CITY.
Controller Green placed $75,000, yesterday, to
the credit of the Department of Parks, and prov ided
$15,000 to pay laborers on the Croton Water Works.
A welcome piece of intelligence is that a
number of English pickpockets and burglars here have
wn so discouraged by the dullness of their business
that they intend to return to Europe at an early day.
AJ
At the sale of the late William Gowans
library, yesterday, volumes of The Times for 1851 to 1853
sold at 60 cents pervolme, The Herald for 1846-47-48 at
volume.
at a
Beggars have never been so abundant in the
eity during any previous Winter aa they now are. Many
of them are professional, but not a few have been driven
to mendicancy by scarcity of work and want of cuergy
to scek employment,
Some commotion has been caused among the
importers of steel rods by a decision of Appraiser Darling
that these articles must pay the same duty as steel in
coila—that is, 23 cents per pound, instead of 30 per cent
ad valorem, as heretofore.
Some of the merchants of this city are of
the opinlon that more than $3,000,000 worth of laces are
annually smuggled into this port, and that the contra
band diamonds and other precious stones which arrive
here without detection defraud the Custom-Houge of
$4,000,000 or $5,000,000 year, Smuggling 18 so lncrative a
trade that scores of families are supported handsomely
by its proceeds.
Many of the discharged [street-car con
ductors declare it’impossible for any person filling such
a position to be honest and retain his place. He must
pay a certaln weekly sum to the starters, drivers, and
other employés of the road, and must, in a word, join o
Mshonest ring, or its members will prevent him from
getting the average number of passengers, In the latter
case the Company will discharge him, and so, in order to
keep his place he must practice fraud, whether he will or
not. A number of the conductors say they have been
dismissed simply because they pave dealt fairly with the
companies; but they prowise, if reinstated, not to do so
any wore,
BROOKLYN.
Work on the stone wall surrounding Fort
Green has been suspended by the contractor.
The Board of Supervisors will hold a special
meeting next Monday to appoint a keeper of the Kiugs
County Penitentiary.
An improved car has been placed on the
Atlantic-ave. and East New-York line, It is higher than
those now in use, ana is lighted by a lawp suspended
from the center of the roof.
The “Jubilee Singers,” a choir of 11 colored
students from Fisk University, Nashville, Tenn., will ap
pear to-night, at the close of the Friday evening meeting,
in Henry Ward Beecher's church. This choir is ona
tour through the North, and has excited much interest
a ite resnarkable mueical performances in Cinciunat,
eveland, Elmira, and other cities,
Burglars and highwaymen continue to infest
Brooklyn, and carry off considerable valuable booty, un
noticed by the police or detectives, About 6 o'clock last
evening the dwelling of Alonzo Guterrez, No. 172 Cam.
herland st., was rohhed while the family were taking tea
in the basement. The thieves effected an entrance throngeh
a second-story window, and escaped with diamond jew
elry and other valuanle articles, worth over $4,000,
i
LONG ISLAND.
Frursmne.—The tax-payers voted on Wednes
day night to petition the Legislature for authority to
raise houds to fund the village debt, and to raise $6,000 1n
excess of the Ymitation to improve the streets and to
purchase a steam fire-engine. Tue request of the tras
tees, that the limitation for village taxation be extended
from half to one yer cent ou the amount of the assess
jaent, was voted down,
STATEN ISLAND.
Huerexor.—Mis. Rose was run over by a
train on the Staten Reiana Rpiroad on Wednesday even
ing, and aangerougy Lyre a WS
RICIMOND.—The Bupervisore of Richmond Hunty ac
cepted the Jonds of George Wilson, Superintendent or
the Poor of Middletown, and appointed a committee of
onLg from each Jon 5 copier With Hie TAL payers Com
(pe in investigating the nancia counts of the
0, Far: or mrad
y HI'DSON RIVER COUNTIES.
Mr. Viuvox.—Henry Hamler, age abont 25,
while at work on Oster's new hotel, in Stevens-ave., on
Wednesday, fell abont 12 feet, and was fatally ijurcd,
NEW-JERSEY.
Jersey Crry.—=The expendjtires of the
Board of Chosen Freeholders of Hudson County for onc-
half of the present fiscal year are as follows: Lunatic
Agylum, 3,523 03; printing and stationery, $5,457 65; Com-
mittee on Public Grounds, $7,123 01; County Juil, $13,
424 43: Finanee Committee, $10,919 77: County roars,
86.023 71; Paksaic River Free Bridge, $36,500; transcribing
Bergen County records, $4,560 13; County Almshous.
$37,445 30; County Penitentiary, $44,755 32, dock at
snake Hil, $2,975;  Lridge Comnnlttec, $20,120 12,
On Palisade-ave, Bridge, £17,700 ix due, and
on outstanding coutracts, $1-270.... Late on Wed
nes=day night a well-dreased woman Wiis
found. in an insensihle condition in Newark
ave, near Five Corners. At the statfon-house,
she recovered consciousness, and stated that she had been
drugged in a liguor saloon in West Newark-ave., hut re
fused to give her name....Aun Evie Railway brakcinali,
who had fallen from a train near Goshon, New-York,
and sustained serious injuries, Was Ler to the Sisters’
Hosnital yesterdavee Michael Malr® ®Rs run over by a
vehjele at Coles aud South seventjusts,, and severely fe,
Tr! yesterday... Alhert Sad Ba town wat i
rested yesterday, for attempting to kil! Wiliam Bloom
in Newark-ave, near Prospect-st, He used a revolver and
knife... Baral Withers was arrested Lt wight for steal
ing diverware from the residence of J. I Rollivson in
Lexington-ave.
PATERSON. —The Montclair Railway wag opened, yes
terday, from Wyrockie to Mead's Basin, where it con
pects with the Boonton branch of the Delaware, Lacka
wanna, and Western Railway... There is a general de
mand for a system of tire-aldrm signals, in consequence
of the recent fire at the Franklin Mills. Edward
McGuceken was arrested oA Officer Duffy, qu Wednesday
night, and on his way to the station-house attempted to
escape by striking the officer violently in the face, when
the latter shot him in the Jeg with a revolver... A man
named McGurk, employed hy the Watson Manutacturing
Company, fell from the Erie Radway bridge at Jenin
side aud sustained serious injuries, on Wednesday,
PARSAIC.—Alfred W. Epeer, editor of The Jtem, aud
famue) C. Greenough, in ahghting from a west ward
bound Erie Railway S53 press train at Passale Bridge,
stepped upon the opps te track and were struck by a
logomotive, on Wednesday night. Mr, 8peer wax thrown
down the ebaykment and sustained a Fracture of three
ribs and fevere scalp wounds. Mr. Greewough was
thrown between the Ake sustajping injuries frow
md A] Bolas Slo goss, it
NEWAKK.— be will of the late oun Rutherfard, repre-
fenting £360,000, has been ficd fu the RBurrognte's olen.
Letters of administration have been granted on the
estate of Thomas Reiley, worth §7,000.... Francis Siw
mons, colored, was arrested yesterday for throwing a
stone through a window, endangering the life of a child,
....There ure 15,000 yards of Halsted-ave. to be graded,
and the time is extended to Bept. 1....The Universalist
Fair metted §1,000.
HACKENSACK. —TLe Secretary of the Library Asgocia
tion reports aunual recopts, §,187 15; expenditures,
$2,132 91.
et
LECTURES, MEETINGS) ETC.
A ordi wl hem Aerereinare Yow ES rieimt er
A meeting of the American Peace Society
will be held at the Cooper Institute next Monday
evening.
Isaac HH. Hunter, a colored orator, will
lecture on Universal Awmncsty,” at the Cooper In
stitute, this evening.
The (igar Manufacturers’ Association ap
pointed committee yesterday to obtaln signers to a
tition asking Congress to modify the law concerning
Deir business, 80 as to define more clearly the duties of
revenve officers, and to abolish the provision requiring
cigar manufacturers to furnish oudswen.
The New-York Central Woman Sufthge Or
ganization held a public meeting last evening at Chick
ering Hall ir Fourteenth-st. About 200 persons were
present, four-fifths being lndies. Mra. Clemence Lozier
resided, and Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, Mrs. Lillie
Devereaux Blake, and Mrs. Wilbour made addresses.
Many leading citizens of New-York have
agreed to meet at the rooms of the American Geograph
feal Boctety, in the Cooper Institute, at 4 o'clock this af
ternoon, to discuss a Droposed mami 16 Congress ad
vocating the establishment of au American College at
Peking, China. 1t is Jrohused to use for this Jurhose the
so-called Chinese Tuc munity Fand—a surplus left from
money by the Chinese Government to satisfy
claims of Americans for property destroyed at Canton,
The Dock (‘ommissioners met yesterday, and
resolved that importers aud dealers in lumber and brick
be charged with wharfage at tho regular rule after 24
hours from the landing of the lumber and brick, and
that after such materials have been on tue pier and bulk.
head for four days from the time of being landed a fine
3% supose of 850 per day for cach inemabraunce so left.
The Board conscuted to enlarge Mier No. 45, Noith River,
for the Liverpool, New-York, awd Puilidelphin Beam.
slip Company, provided the Company will agree to pay
THRRAMOMETER YESTERDAY,
PROMINENT ARRIVAILA.
an rent of $1400, the Company to Rave tho priv
few yt Jeases of 10 years éad
Prof. G. F. Barker of Yale College deliv
ered the second lecture of the scientific course before the
American Institute, at the Academy of Music, Inst night,
on the Chemistry of the Bun.” An intense light was
produced by means of 8 poworful battery and, being
Passed through prisms, wae separated into band of the
primary pn foot in length. All the Rhenoieny of
a total solar eclipse were reproduced on tho screvn by
means of special apparatus, The advanoo of the moon
to totality, the soluta, and even the solar flames,” were
shown, Iatter be! imitated yory effectively. A
number of JRotorrapie were exhibi fllustrating the
character 0 the sun’s spots. The lecturer was frequently
anniandarnal.
2 NTE INT BIBLE COMPROMISE RE:
THE HUNTERS POINT BiNly
Much excitement was occasioned, yesterday,
in Long Island City, by the refusal of the Principal of the
First Ward School, Hunter's Point, to abide by the sct
tiement of the Bible question, according to the reported
baeis. The opponents of the reading of the Scriptures
claim that the settlement was positively agroed npon
last Saturday at the Court-House, while the tri.l su:
pending, and that the complaint was withdrawn against
the school rioters by Mr. Beiberg in conformity with tit
understanding. The friends of the Commissioners and
Mr. Seiberp say that the complaint was withdrawn on
account of an unconditional smrender, and that they
never would have conceded what 1s demanded, namely,
that the Roman Catholic scholars should absent them
solves from the Bible exerciacs. They say that it was
understood that those opposed to the reading of the
Bible should have the rr vilege of appealing to the State
authorities, and that all the rules of the school should be
obeyed. From present indications, the Bible war will
probably be resumed,
Wiitconn's ASTHMA REMEDY—Sure cure,
a
IN Love writin NiLssoN.—The German ex
music teacher who lately fell in love with Miss Nilsson and spent five dol
lars in wine because she failed to meet him, and who subsequently ap
peared at Essex Market Police Conrt, committed a mistake in not buying
bis Lats of KNox, 212 Broadway, and beautifyiog himself,
Uporpnno WOLFE'S SCHEIDAM AROMATIC
SCHNAPPS, —Among the complaints for which the SCHNAPPS bas been
declared a specific by the eminent physicians who have corresponded
with be prevvivier, are dropay, ved oy debility consequent upon long
continued sickness and old ae. epilepsy, asthma, gravel, colic, affections
of the kidneys, and all cbroaic diseases. For these, and many other dis
onlers, It is now prescribed, with great sucess. by more than three thou:
sand medical practitivness in various paits of the United States,
a
Dr Aver'’s Lanoratory. that has done such

wonders for the sick, now issues a potent restorer or the heaaly of mans
kind—for the comeliness which advancing age is wo prone to dnninish and
destror, His Vidor monnts laxariant locks on the bald and gray jeise
among us, and thus lays us under obligatious to bim, for the good looks
as well as Lealth of tue community,
IMPORTANT TO INVALIDS,

Terr IMprmIAL Graves, the most natritions and delica*s food yet in
troduced, proved to be the only thing the stomach could retaiv in cases of
extreme weakness, Bold by oh druggists, and at the wholesale depot by
CALE BTRONG 155 Water-st,, corner Mailen-laue.
For bargaine in Wartcues, DiaMoxns, ricl
Jrwrinry, and RTRRLING B11VKK, examine our prices, bearing in ming
that our expenses are 38 per cent less than they would he in Broadway,
rr.
J. H. rnd Why 150 Bowery, cor. Broowe-st. N.Y,
The neST PLACE in New-York to buy ReLI
ARLE WATCHES, INE DIAMONDS, RICH, PASHIONAKLR JEWELRY, aud
STEKLING DILVER, 13 Squike’s 97 Fulwn-st,  Diswonds a specialty,
ee we
CovLoriric colors hair magnificent. Yon
plyitio five minutes. Bestand cheapest, Try it, Y Dey-st. and all drugg
J
Boswenr's Basa Tar aAxp WiLp CHERRY.
Excellent for cure of Colds, Coughs, Throat Diseases, &e.

SCHUYLER, HARTLEY GRAHAM,
22 JONN-ST. AND 19 MAIDEN LANE.
GREAT BARGAINS IN
CLOCKS,
INCLUDING SOME VERY CHOICE SELECTIONS IN
BRONZE AND MARBLE.
WALTHAM, ENGLISH, AND SWISS WATCHES.
CHOICE ARTICLES IN SILVER,
PUT UP IN CASES SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR
HOLIDAY QIFTS.
PARIS, LONDON, AND VIENNA FANCY GOODS
IN GREAT VARIETY.
J)1AMONDS,
FINE WATCHI'S,
RICHI JEWELRY,
FINE FRENCIT CLOCKS,
BRONZILS,
TRAVELING BAGS,
AND
CHOICE ARTICLES,
SUITABLE FOR
HOLIDAY GIITS.
TAYLOR, OLMSTED TAYLOR,
5 BOND-ST., NEW-YORK,
1 TGAT LOCOMOTIVES “FOR NARROW
4 Gangé Railroads, contractors’ use, construction, i fing, womden
rails, farmmces, apd mills, quarries, mines; conform to steep grades, sharp
Cevrves light rails narrow-gauges and low tunnels. Send for cireniar wad
isformation iit red. POR TER. BE LL Co. Pittsburgh, Peas,
NLY
LY oe re CTORAL TROCHES, for Colds, Sore Throats,
n Influenaw, ayl Bropglytis. Sold by aT ole. POX:
Vhong ad Term,
Tov: S—PATENT LEAPING ORES, or
Caildren from two to vight years of age warranted ala,
Velocipedes, Swings, Bleds. Skates, &e, LEWIS J. TTEBALS, 512
Broadway, opposgte St. Nicholas Hotel,
STAFFORD COMBINED TT WRITING AND
UID, Flows freely, Dries Black Iapidly. Copies
well, COPIES p
EA T J HOUSE Save your Fuel!!—
Send for Circulars. Call and examine EDWARDS'S COM BINED
GR A FURNAC E. 243 Waters, SAML. J. HOPKINS,
QTRIC I'URE, Fistula, and Piles radically enred
without the knife, caustic, or detention from business Impotence, Dis
canes of the Generative Orguns. 11'y A. Daniels, M.D. 144 Ls ington: ave,
Th R. AGNEW, 260 Greenwich-st,, N. Y.
Choice GROCERINN, TE AS, FISH, ete.. wholesale and retall,
YHOTOGRAPHS for the Holidays.—Porce
Ilsiu Miviatare, #5 each, A. LEWIS, 160 Chatbam-st,
A LARGE ASSORTMENT
BRONZES, i
OCKS,
FANCY GOODS
NEW PRES ENTATION PIECES
SILVERWARE
BALL, BLACK 00.5,
365 and 367 Broadway.
REMOVAL.
WILLIAM MOIR,
Formerly at No. 315 Hodsnn-st., has remov
No. 37 Sih.ave.. Corner of 2: 3 3doat.
DIAMON WATCH ER, CLOCKS
NoRsts. smyiLeY. i ABD y ElLYRR WARE,
AMARVIN&CO'S
ARE THE BEST
265 BROADWAY.
TT
1Annonncementa.
Sixty y Styles.
oi 30 00 N00, 403 Sib 0. 9160,
Mason Hamlin
I ORGANS,
The most lar and extensively sold Ihrge musical nro in
the world; in plain and elegant cases for all uses.
One to Thirteen Stops.
FITTER, MELODIA, BOURDON,
FRINCIPAL, DIAPASON, GAN Ba
OCTAVE, EUPHONE, BASSO
FLUTE AMOUR, HAUTBOY VOIX CELESTE,
TREMULANT, FIFTEENTH, VIOL D AMOUR,
VOX HUMANA, COR ANGLAIS, VIOLA,
AUTOMATIC SWELL, COUPLERS, PED ALS, ke.
We are daily receiving from our factories a few extra styles in su
perh cases, surpaxsin? in attractiveness any before offered.
There can be we more Elegant end valuable
present,
Onr assortment of styles Is very much larger than anv other in the
country; prices are fixed and invariable soditisa pleasure
to exhibit our instruments to all who may be sufficiently interested to
cal
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUES FREE,
Mason Hamlin Organ Co.,
896 Broadway, New-Xork.
EVANS
PRICES
Te
FOR THE
EVANS’ “0
WINTER
S’ CLOTHING
IN NEWYORK.
FULTON STREET.
FULTON STREET,
FULTON STREET,
FULTON STREET,
68
66
tm
OVERCOATS—A!l Wool Blae Chinchilla Beaver, $15
OVERCOATS—A!l Wool Bloe Moscow Beaver,
OVERCOATS=Fine French Castor Beaver,
OVERCOATS—Fine Chinchilla Beaver—Fast Color,
OVERCOATS—French Edredon, Blue and Gold, Mixel
19
20
21
OVERCOATS—Beigian Castor, SBimoni<'s Goods, 2
OVERCOATS—Elbeuf Castor, Indigo Blue, 24
OVERCOATS—Fine French Ratine, all Colors,
OV ERCOATS—Germaria Himalaya
OVI RCOATS— Prussian Eskimo— Finest Imported, wn
24
OV LIC OATS Prussiau Coincbilla—Finest Imported,
Onr New Style Cape Overcoats in Great Variety,
REEFING JACKETS—Heavy, all Wool, Seoteh,
REEFING JACKETS8—AIl Wool Blae Chinchilla, 1?
REEFING JACKETS—A!l Wool Bloe Moscow, 1
REEFING JACKETS—Fine Moscow Beaver, Ih
REEFING JACKETS—Fine Chinchilla, Fast Color, 1
REEFING JACKETS—Finest Eskimo, 2
WINTER RUITS—Hearvy, all Wool, 8coteh, $17
WINTER NUITS—Diagonal Seoteh Cassimere, 1"
WINTER SUITS—Heavy Blue Diagonal Cassimere, 18
WINTER SUITS—Fine oid Cassimere, $1, $19 50, $22,
to
WINTER SUITS--Fine Black Doeskin, 2
WINTER SUITS—Fine Moscow Beaver, $0
30
KU
WINTER SUITS—Finest Bskimo Beaver,
Dreas Bnits of Finest Goods Imported.
PANTS-Vine Cusine Favivaqble Stripes, $6, $6 50, $7, $7 50,
£8, $8 50, h
PANTS—Iu Fancy Cassimeres, Doeskins, Beavers, &ec., In great variety,
Prices that heat the Market.
EDWARD EVANS,
Clothing Warehouse,
Spanish and German spoken.
It is certainly the best of American Magazines.”
Express, Buffalo, N. Y,
“leis certainly the best of American Magazines,”
=lgren, Bufalo, N.Y.
THE GALAXY.
1872,
The January No.
NOW READY.
CONTENTS.
I. ARCHBISHOP MANNING. Br Jastin McCarthy,
1 THE REAL GULF STREAM. By br. 1 1. Hares
11. sI? NOR oh ny Jp PS. From the French of Victor
Iv, FIETEENY EARS A SHAKERESS,
Vv ANOTHER he R. By Norah Perry
VI. MY LIF% ON THE PLAINS, By Gen. Coster,
Vi. THE JEWS t WHAT THEY ARE COMING
TO. By W M. Rosenbiatt.
VIII THE JUSTACE DIAMONDS, By Anthony Trol
AN
IX. MILAN AND THE ITALIAN LAKES, By M.
KB. W. 8.
X. THE MAR UIE, By George Sand.
XL. OU “Hr bof ETO Vi visir HER Chapter XL. to
By Mrs. Bdwa
XII. FIRE FROM HEAVEN. By Emma B. Cobh
Xill. WHAT SHE RAID IN HER TOMB. By Louise
Chandler Moulton.
XIV. DRIFT-WOOD. Br Phihp Qnilihet,
XV, sC LENTIFIC MISC ELLANY 1 1." A New Raientific
Prize Kesay:” 2. Underground Temperature; 3,
0, on Edun. 4." Symptows and Treatment
of Hydrophobia;" 8. The Minds of Animals,” 6, Dis
tribution of Parasites" ete.
VI. CURRENT LITERATURE,
XVIL THE GALAXY CLUB-ROOM.
JUN NEBL L.A. hy the FE Faitor,
Now is tho Time to Subscribe!
PRICE 33 CENTS I'S PE R NUMBER.
The Subgeription price is $4 a year. invariably in advance. Two
copies will be went for $7; three copies for $10; ten for $00, sud oue
to the getterup of the club,
CLUBBING TERMS,
Tur GALAXY will be sent for the year 1872 with any on» of the fol
low ing leviodicals at the price named With Hurper's I “eekly,” or
Harper's Bazar," or Appleions Journal,” ®3; the regular pries is
$8. With Our Young ‘olks,’ $5 MN; regular price, $6, With
Littell's Living Age,” $10 75; regular price, $12,
Address
SHELDON COMPANY,
6277 BROADWAY, NEW.YORK,
William Wa
‘We desire to call attention to our
large and choice stock of these
Watches, and specially recommend
them to those who desire to procure
holiday gifts of permanent value.
BALL, BLACK (0,
365 and 367 Broadway, N.Y.
OTIS OTIS’ ato.
Cs..
E. REMINGTON SONS’
MILITARY AND SPORTING-ARMS,
The REMINGTON ARM is the one adopied by the New-York National
Guard, the United States and Frech Nodes, and by the Spasish, Davish,
8 wedish, Rgyptian, asd Greek Armies It io unrivaled for simplicity, 8
curacy and durability. As Sporting Arm It Is heiress demand.
SALESROONS,
ARMORY,

JLWN, N.Y.
No. 199 BROADWAY,
NEW YORK.
Open in the Evening,
TIFFANY C1,
UNION-SQUARE.
SMALL BRONZES,
A very large and choice vuritle
including STANDS, COUPS, LI
BRARY SETS complete, V ASKS,
STATUETTES, CARD- RECEIV
ERS, CANDLESTIOKS, and
BIRDS and ANIMALS by Mdig
niez, Pantrot, Barye, Bonheur, Ja
cauemart, &e., &e.
Toys! Toys! Toys!
ALTHO, GERGMANN C0,
T o YS
FANCY GOODS
30,32, 34,»
Ten bow oie
Wis "i AT RETAIL!
Ea) in AN 18,
olin «acne “WW A BEE J
Nos. 30, 32, 34, avd 36 PARK-PLACE,
Corner of Church-st,,
OFFER FOK SALE THEIR
LARGE STOCK AT RETAIL
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY,
COMMENCING DECEMBER 18.
Shall you hang up yoar etockiug? We mean to! Indeed, we 210
already receiving numerous testimonials of regard from subscribers to
Hearth Home
aud #0 our
Merry Christmas
Las begun. What more fitting Christmas Present for your friend in
City, Village, or Country, than a years subscription to
HEARTH AND HOME Because it is Healthful asd Pure
in every Line, in every Engraving, even in every Adver
tisement. The recipient of each successive number of this gifs will
not only have an article of beauty and utility, bat it will serve as r
weekly reminder of the giver. REMEMBER, io forming your
judgment, that the gift we suggest your making is a beautifully liios
trated Weekly, with all the Departments needful to a complete Family
Newspaper.
Therefore, help your friend to a
Mer Christmas by senliot Nis 8 Suvi Yr yeurw
a
subscription, and help your Children
wa
by placing our Christmas Number
Merry Christmas
in their stockings, with a receipt for ove
year attached, aud help your Sandaye
school class toa
Mery Christmas by presenting them each with the pares
for one ycar.
We call special attestion to OUR BOYS AND GIRLS De
partment, as illustrating the Stoess of HEARTH AND HOME
for a Christmas Gift. This, edited by Mrs. Mary E. Dodge, is
g)led with pleasing and instructive Stories, Pictures, ete., and for
arousing a bealtbfal spiris of emnlation children, Aas no equal.

Our Story-Tellers are from among the most eminent writers, snd
we aim to displace the poor stories, now 80 widely circulated, by (hore
of the purest character aud highest grade. Tbe following
brilliant, phvular writers, are engaged for the coming year:



JEAN INGELOW, Louisa M. Alcott, Edward:
Hale, Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Harriet
Rebecca Harding Davie, Rose
Lucia G. Runkle, Frank R,
Sleight, Edward LEggle«
Everet
Prescott Spofiord,
Terry, Maria R. Oakey,
Stockton, H. H.,” Mary B.
ston, and others.
four coples, 020 year, $378 sch; ten er
TERMS 1—$3a yess;
move copies, $3 50 each. Newsmen sell it everywhere at:
cents a copy.
ORANGE JUDD Co, Publishers,
248 Broadway, New-York.
EXCLUDB
Cold Wind and Dust
oll othr Bp ICE LisT REDUCED.
ee
ROEBUCK BROS,
Pultoo-et. Cue, N.Y,
near
SE