flails
VUBKISHEO EVERY MORNING,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
t IRH per year, if paid strictly In advance.
Otherwise) Id Cents per Month.
&lje Spu,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
Al 93 per Annum.
J I>. BALDWIN <’O., Proprietors.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
'Worcester gaily
CITY NEWS.
The friends of the Temple of Honor will find
a notice in another column, concerning the en
tertainment this evening.
The journeyman tailors of this city are mak
ing preparations for a ball, to take place on the
28th. The}' confidently expect a good time.
The crystal wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Nathan
White, was celebrated by a large gathering of
mds, at 111 Park street, last evening. The
I esents included a valuable set of parlor furni
t *e, and the presentation speech was made by
Rev. Mr. Huntington.
Leonard S. Hudson, a son of L. R. Hudson, of
this city, is the first to resettle his family upon
the burnt district of Chicago, south side. He
lost his home and business in the fire, but the
ninth of the present month found him “at
home,” in a temporary shanty, living in the
rear, and getting ready for business in the front.
The city council did not meet last evening—of
course it didn’t. There was no intention or de
sire on the part of its members to do so, for a
two weeks adjournment was unanimously voted
at the meeting one week ago. And that is why
the city council did not meet last evening.
The gas-fitting janitor of Music hall has left
the city, we understand. The poor fellow got
so bewildered in selling tickets at the box-office
whenever theie was a lively call for them, that
there’s no telling where railroad tickets will
carry him.
The wife of Mr. Joseph Curtis of New Wor
cester committed suicide last Saturday after
noon, by hanging herself in the cellar of her
residence. She has been very much dcpiessed
in spirits for some time past, and the act was
without doubt committed in a moment of in
sanity. She was about 65 years of age.
No one should fail to see the remarkable
painting of the battle of Gettysburg, which is to
be exhibited at Horticultural hall lor ten days,
beginning to-morrow. When this famous pic
ture was exhibited in Boston last year it at
tracted universal attention, and was visited
again and again by hundreds, who found the
subject too vast to be taken in at one sitting.
The painting of the last hours of Lincoln is also
to be shown at the afternoon exhibitions.
The complaint against Chas. IL Cutler, (alias
this, that and the other name, as occasion re
quires), lor obtaining money under false pre
tenses, was put on tile in the municipal court,
and he was turned over to a Lowell officer, who
came to the city yesterday, in company with
Rev. Mr. Mallory, whose name was forged by the
fraudulent preacher last summer. Mr. Mallory
found no difficulty in picking out his man
among a room full. He lost his pious serenity
while being removed, and emphatically declared
that “Almighty God had given him power to
wield the pen; and he would yet be beard from
in denunciation of these pettiooat delusions by
whom so much trouble bad come upon him.”
From Richards, Metcalf Co., we receive the
following new sheet music: The Mother Goose
rhymes, “Baa, baa, black sheep,” and “Ding
dong bell,” set to music bv C Moulton, and em
bellished with a good portrait of Mrs. Charles
Moulton; “At Rosy Dawn, Valse Joyense” as
sung by Mrs. Moulton; Byron’s “Maid of
Athens,” set to music by Henry R. Allen; “The
Regatta,” a yacht song by Oliver Optic, music
by D. F. Ho Iges; “There is a gal in our town,”
a buffo song by J. W. Turner; and one of Ada
Richmond’s songs entitled “Washington Street
[Belle.” From the same publishers, G. D. Rus
sell Co., comes some choice piano pieces: A
I Mozart sonata, No. 17, fingered by Moscheles;
“Preludes brilliants” by J. Concone; “Daisy
Farm waltzes” by E. N. Catlin; and Washing
ton Elm Quickstep, by Charles Moulton.
Aid for Chicago and the Northwest.—
The additional subscriptions are: S. B. I. God
dard, $10; citizens of WdkinsonviUe, by W. R.
Kill, S4B; employes of F. F. Phelps’ foundry,
$36; previously reported, $42,159.42; total, $42,-
258.42. Those persons who have subscribed to
the above fund and have not paid are requested
to call on the treasurer at once.
Charles B. Whiting, Treasurer.
N atural History Association.—The reg
ular public meeting of this association will be
held this evening, at the rooms in Foster street.
Prof. C. O. Thompson will present to the associ
ation the head of a walrus, and make remarks
in regard to it; he will also speak of Alden’s
new fruit preserving process. These meetings
arc always open for discussion, ami remarks
from any lady or gentleman present will be ac
ceptable. Anv person wishing to join the asso
ciation should hand in their names before the
exercises begin.
The cabinet will be open for inspection Wed
nesday afternoon.
Musical.—The choir of the church of the
Unity, assisted by others well known in our
musical circles, announce a concert to be given
at the Church of the Unity next Tuesday eve
ning, complimentary to Miss Ingraham, the
soprano singer who has achieved such great
success as a vocalist in this community. Mis
Edward Hamilton will lend her very valuable
assistance at this concert, as will also Messis.
B. D. Allen, E. B. Story and the members of the
Unity choir. Miss Pcrsis Bell, the child violin
ist, who creatcdfsuch a sensa ion at the recent
QQpcerts of the musical convention, is to have a
place on the programme, which is to be of the
most attractive character. The concert will be
a very fine one, and will enlist very general at
tention. There will be a demand for tickets
equal to the capacity of the church, and the
singer in compliment to whom the concert is
given will richly merit a much large audience
than the house will contain.
Municipal Court.—Chas. 11. Cutler’s case
was disposed of in the municipal court yester
day by placing it on file; Gee. C. Hodges, for
a second offence of drunkenness, was sentenced
to three months in the house of correction;
Patrick Cox got two months in the same insti
tution for a similar offence; Leander Goozey paid
$1 and costs for disturbing the peace; Patrick
Cronin, for threatening, was ordend to recog
nize in SIOO to keep the peace six months, and
failing to procure bonds he was committed to
jail; David E. Lincoln, complained of for cruelty
to a horse, was discharged; Michael Galvin,
Wm. Dillon, Martin Kelley, Charles C. Cum
mings, Michael McKeon, Michael McDermott
and Scveran Laferau paid fines for drunkenness,
and a case was placed on file for Mary Morri
son; Patrick Cronin and John Coine could not
pay fines imposed upon them for drunkenness,
and were consequently committed to Jail.
Superior Court in Fitchburg.—The No
vember term of the superior court for the tiitd
of civil cases began at Fitchburg yesterday af
ternoon, Judge Scudder presiding. Ibe court
was opened with prayer by Rev. Mr. Maguire oi
the Universalist church, Fitchburg. The Juries
were cnipanneled and organized as follows:
First Jury— Charles II Ballard of Worcester,
foreman; Wm Baldwin, Jr, ol Fitchhunr, CF
Baker of Northbridge, John Brooks of feinple*
ton, Ethan Bullard of Wcbsu r, E F Chamberlin
of Grafton, John 11 Davis of Sterling, Roland E
Foster of Milford, E R Greenwood of Ashburn*
harn, Amos B Holden of Westminster, George
W Houghton of Leominster, Lyman Howe ol
Worcester.
Second Jury—Stephen Sbepley ol Fitchburg,
foreman; Augustus Knowlton of Gardner, Jona
than M Ladd of Oxford, Edward W Lathe ot
Charlton, Delano Patrick of Milford, Augustus
B Prouty of Worcester, Leander Rowell of Lan
caster, John Savage of Blackstone, Josiah E
Sawyer of Berlin, Stephen H Severy of Millbury,
Albert C Tarlton ol Leicester, George lower of
Worcester.
Supernumeraries— Avery Davis of Worcester,
Solomon D Fay of Westboro, Amos Twiss and
Edward W Vaill of Worcester, Elihu L Upham
ot Dudley.
Geo. B. Wooster of Clinton was excused from
the panel.
The docket was then called, and cases put in
I order for trial. They are fifty-five in number,
m The trials will begin this morning at nine
o’clock, the cases in order for to day being: No.
£4l, Nancy Gerry vs. Mary Wood; 848, Samuel
Worcester £l;uh)
VOL. 2G, NO. 270.
S. Farrar vs. James Fitzgerald; 894, Patrick F.
Moran vs. George IL Barnes; 1075, George IL
Barnes vs. Patrick F. Moran. On Wednes
day, No. 891, Charles B. Ford vs. the Fitchburg
railroad company, for damages for injuries from
a boiler explosion, will be put on trial, the ease
having been already pretty thoroughly ventilat
ed before the previous juries.
Lecture by Rev. Henry Ward Beecher.
The third lecture in the Lyceum course was de
livered last evening by Rev. Henry Ward Beech
er, to hear whom the people flocked to Mechan
ics hall in numbers which filled it, floor and
gallery, and also many seats on the platform.
Mr. Beecher spoke on “Love” for nearly an
hour and a half in his usual entertaining man
ner, which made the time seem much shorter
than it really was. To do so long a lecture jus
tice in a brief abstract—especially a lecture so
full of thought and fine passages,—cannot be
expected, of course; therefore we will only at
tempt to produce a few of his sayings as he dis
cussed the charming subject.
He said that romancers and poets had done
none too much in extolling the charming expe
riences of early love; we look back at the rap
turous out gushings of affection in early years,
and laugh at the ludicrousness of the enthusi
asm with which young lovers are filled; but,
when he was first in love himself, he said there
seemed to him to be nothing at all ludicrous
,about it; he was never more in earnest in his
life; it made all the difference in the world as to
the point of view from which we regard the
matter. He said he never saw two noble young
hearts in love without wishing he was one of
them. Love is the only faculty which has the
power to change the whole world, and make
everything possess a new' beauty in our sight.
If any man tails to observe this sudden change
of everything to new beauty, when he thinks he
is in love, he may rest assured that it
is a mistake, and he is not in love,
after all. If man is ever a poet it is when under
the delightful influence ot love; if ever an
artist, then; ever a singer, then; it is not a lure
or garnished bait, but a reality, transforming
everything looked upon, before which faults dis
appear, ami we fall down and worship the im
age our own love has created. Too often love is
a bright bonfire before marriage, and naught
but ashes after—a disenchantment follows,which
is but a repetition of Adam’s and Eve’s experi
ences— unbounded joy at first, and a path of
thorns at the end. He deplored the evil philos
ophy which teaches that love is necessarily
short, beginning in fever and burning out, and
illustrated the sadness of a life wrecked by early
disappointment. More than any other thing,
man’s happiness depends upon his power
of loving and exciting love; and if he would
have love, he must submit to love’s
terms; he cannot secure it if be falls into in
difference after the wedding; seeking love in
that way is like digging for diamonds and car
rying off pebbles while the diamonds were there
to be found with a light knowledge of digging.
Love won’t last thiough life unless nurtured
and cared for; it needs more culture than any
thing else in the world. Too often the heart is
regarded as a fathomless reservoir, containing
a supply of love for life, so the stream begins to
run small, until at last it is found that, instead
of ia fathomless reservoir, the heart has become
a cistern, and a broken cistern at that. Great
artists always make preliminary studies before
beginning a (picture; and so in love, that ex
perienced before marriage is only a study for
true love after marriage. The love of courtship
and love-letters is to real love what books on hor
ticulture are to actual gardening. Love must
be judged, not by intensity, but by permanent
effects; no man can be in love all over and be
calm ami happy—it is when half full, and fill
ing, that the waters arc excited—when full, a
calm settles over the surface, and all is peaceful.
Love works on the ascending scale; first it grows
into affection, then to the imagination, then to
reason, and then to moral sentiment; this by
gradual progression, and no man is fully in love
until with the whole of his nature.
Marry inti is not nmiing; not one in a hundred
couples are married whose natures are exactly
tilted to each other; the fitting must be the
work of the household. Sometimes this can
never be effected; we sometimes see great na
tures and little natures brought together, whose
working will be as uneven as the elephant and
mouse pulling in the same yoke. He was
not astonished, he said, to see great
hearted men married to small-hearted women,
for men are not given to discernment, and have
little social tact; but he was astonished to see
great-hearted women tied to’small-hearted, nar
row-minded men. He illustrated the fleeting na
ture of one kind of love by reading a letter f rom
Ferdinand to Miranda previous to their marriage,
ami then giving an account of their selfish mar
ried life, in speaking of lasting love, he asked
how many men can sit down beside their brown
and wrinkled wives at fifty, and read to them
the letters written at twenty without saying
“how green we were;’’ he rejoiced to say there
were such, however. Love fashions the paradise
before marriage; selfishness is the devil that
leaps into that paradise after marriage and spoils
the man’s ideal; and woe to the unhappy man
that loses Iris ideal.
I’hat love which can survive its earthly condi
tion must be clothed with infinite "patience and
forbearance; it suffereth long, and is good-na.
tured; it vaunteth not itself, and is not puffed
up. There are no perfect men or women—that
is what life is for—to mould perfect men and
women, for which purpose they are placed to
gether in the world as the clay in the potter’s
hands to be fashioned. A man who Joves truly
will love where his affectum has come to be ill
requited. Women often, but men never, love
when loveliness is gone. The household is not
an earthly Elysium into which men arc taken
like souls into Heaven; but it is the school
where true men and women learn lasting hap
piness. Genuine good nature on both sides
makes a loving life after marriage the easiest,
pride makes it the hardest, and there is noth
ing in this world so bad as religious pride for
making mischief. Many couples live together
and yet live single lives; they court in benevo
lence, but live in selfishness; before marriage
each wanted to please the other, and they were
so happy that that they thought they were
perfectly adapted to each other—and
so they were, if they had kept it
up; but after marriage, from wanting to
please each other they changed to
each wanting to be pleased. In married
life influence should always govern, and not
authority; and the controlling influence will al
ways go with the hugest nature without regard
to sex. If the woman is the best manager, she
should manage, if the best economist she should
control the means, and if the best governor
she should govern. Affairs should be
controlled either in joint council, by
alternating, or, in extreme cases, by the one with
the largest nature; but it should always be done
by influence, and not by command. For a wo
man to fail in having her own way oftentimes
gives ri.-e to a world of foolish weeping andprav
ing, which she calls .grief and he anger, lie
dwelt upon the folly for either the man or
woman to attempt the making over of the na
ture of the other to conform to either his or her
peculiar notions, as is too often the case, and
said there were some who were never but partly
married, they were so unlike in many things,
and failed so utterly in being drawn together by
the spirit of true and unselfish love. He was
particularly emphatic against divorces, saying
that the remedy should be at the entrance of toe
happy state of matrimony, and not at the exit.
He illustiated the loveliness of a long lifeof wed
ded harmony, saying that the wedding but puts
the strings on the harp; life tunes them and
brings out their melody.
COUNTY NEWS.
Henry Ward Becchet will lecture in Fitch
burg to-morrow night, at the town hall, under
the auspices of the young men’s Christian asso
ciation.
The old church edifice of the Third Congrega
tional (Trinitarian) society of Fitchburg, on the
corner of Main ami Church streets, which lias
of late been occupied by the Second Methodist
society, will be sold at auction to morrow. Mr.
Benj. Snow is the principal owner of the estate,
comprising about 5000 feet of land, opposite the
public square in front of the court house. The
members of the old Third Congregational socie
ty have mostly become incorporated in the Roll
stone church.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEUKAPH
M THK WOBCESTEH DAILY IPS
FROM EUROPE.
France.
DOUBTFUL STORY.
Paris, Nov. 18.—A formidable plot of the
Bonapartist generals, headed by Fleury, to ar
rest Thiers and proclaim the empire, has been
discovered. The papers are in the possession
ot Thiers, who is confident of the failure of the
conspiracy.
GAMBETTA.
Gambetta has completely recovered from his
serious attack of illness.
refund.
the acquitted man.
Cork, Nov. 18.—The friends of Kelly, ac
quitted in Dublin, Friday, of the murder of
Head Constable Talbot, paraded the streets in
this city, yesterday, and made other demonstra
tions in honor of the event. The proceedings
were orderly, and there was no attempt made
by the police to interfere with the procession.
THE LAW APPEASED.
Pigot, proprietor of the Dublin Irishman, has
been sentenced to imprisonment for six months,
for publishing articles of an inflammatory na
ture during the trial of Kelley.
Switzerland.
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE.
Geneva, Nov. 12—Evening. —A fire, which
broke out this morning, continues to-night,
without abatement. Rue Rhone, on which the
the flames originated, is a scene of ruin, a
large number of buildings having fallen vic
tims to the devouring element.
from Washington.
THE RECEPTION OF GRAND DUKE ALEXIS.
Washington, I). C., Nov. 13. —According to
the Russian official programme, the first visit of
the Grand Duke Alexis to Washington will not
extend over twenty-four hours, it being lor the
purpose of paying his respects to President
Grant and the members of his cabinet, who will
in a bodv welcome him to the executive man
sion. He will receive no visitors during his
brief sojourn, nor receive cards. He will then
return to New York to accept the honors pre
pared for him, remaining there several days.
He will then proceed to the west and the Pacific.
The grand duke will return to Washington dur
ing the session of congress, when a series of en
tertainments will be tendered him.
IMPORTANT DECISIONS.
The supreme court of the district, in the case
of Troher against Sheridan, in which a member
of congress pleaded privilege from arrest upon
a process issued against him by a civil tribunal,
has decided that rhe current of authority docs
not make a seat in congress a privilege from
service of a civil process, nor does the constitu
tion indicate in any way that he is so exempt.
Averv vs. the United States: Judgment in
the circuit court of western Tennessee is affirm
ed, refusing to enter satisfaction of judgment
recovered against Aveiy, surety on a postmas
ter’s bond, and to grant a writ of audita querela
asked for on the ground that the government
received certain rents on lands of Avery seized
under the captured-abandoned property act,
which have been credited to his use.
Brooklyn life insurance company vs. Miller:
Decree of the circuit court of Maryland is af
firmed, that the act of an agent in accenting
another party than the assured to make a cash
portion of a payment on a premium, even
through the latter, is not made binding on the
company wiio are liable for policy.
Peren vs. United States: Judgment of court
of claims is affirmed, dismissing, for want of ju
risdiction, a petition of French subjects tor re
covery of damages by destruction of property
by the bombardment of Greytown in 1859.
THE BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
The decision of the supreme court, dissolving
the injunction restraining the board of public
works of this district from creating an improve
ment loan of §4,000,000, meets with the general
approval of the tax-payers and citizens. The
opposition which developed itself against im
proving the city has become so demoralized that
it is not likely that the board of public works
will have any further trouble in pushing ahead
the work already commenced.
CADET EXPELLED.
'1 he secretary of war has issued the following
order “For violation of paragraph 122 of the
regulations of the military academy, in harass
ing and improperly interfering with a cadet sen
tinel on duty, Cadet I’. Brewer, of the fourth
class, is dismissed from the service of the United
States.”
ADMIRAL PORTER AND THE TORPEDO SERVICE.
Admiral Porter’s health is considerably im
proved, and, though confined to the house, he is
engaged on business connected with the build
ing ot the two iron torpedo boats authorized by
congress, one of which will be constructed ac
cording to his own plan.
A UTAH CASE.
An interesting case is pending in the United
States supreme court, affecting the judicial pro
ceedings in Utah. Two copartners of a|gentile
firm in Salt Lake city sustained damage to the
amount of §20,000 by the destruction of a stock
of liquors by order of the city justice, for non
payment of license. The firm brought suit
against the city, under the territorial law, and a
verdict was rendered in the United States dis
trict court in their favor for loss sustained. The
city appealed to the United States supreme
court of the territory, on the ground that this
was a territorial case, and a jury should, there
fore, have been summoned by the territorial
marshal instead of the United States marshal.
The higher court affirmed the decision of the
court below'.
An appeal was then taken by the counsel for
the city to the supreme court of the United
States. The decision of the latter is anxiously
awaited by the Mormons, as it collaterally in
volves the legality of the grand jury summoned
by the United States marshal, which lately
found indictments against Hawkins, Brigham
Young and other prominent Mormons under the
territorial laws.
CALEB CUSHING.
Hon. Caleb Cushing having formally resigned
his position as United States counsel before the
American and Spanish claimslcommissioners,
the president will soon appoint his successor.
PENSIONS.
The pension bureau issued 842 certificates of
pensions last week, as follows: Invalids, 262;
widows, 150; navy, six; war of 1812, 424.
COM PETIT IVE EX A MIN ATI ON S.
The civil service commission was to-day occu
pied on the subject of competitive]examina
tions.
THE SENATE FINANCE COMMITTEE.
The senate committee on finance met to-day.
Messrs. Sherman, Fenton, Scott, Wright and
Ames, were present. It is understood that the
majority derided that it is inexpedient to report
a substititute or act upon in any way the house
bill for the abolition of the duty on coal and
salt, and the chairman, Mr. Sherman, was di
rected to notify the chairman of the committee
of ways and means, when appointed, that the
finance committee will await the announcement
of its mature judgment and the action of the house
upon such bill as it may report at the next ses
sion. This determination will not, however, at
once put an end to the present session of the sen
ate committee, as they will still be under the
general instruction of the resolution of the sen
ate. There was an interchange of views looking
to the adoption of some amendments to the
tariff and internal revenue laws, as contemplated
by the senate resolution.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Nov. 13.—Ellery E. Daniell, the de
faulting cashier of the Webster national bank,
was to-day sentenced tofive years’imprisonment
in the Dedham jail.
Peter Connell, aged eleven, was run over and
killed, to-day, by a gravel train, at a street cross
ing in South Boston.
James Brown, charged with forgery in Bos
ton, where he was recently in business, was ar
rested in Montreal, Saturday, brought here, and
held in S6OOO bail for trial.
The triends of Frederick W. Lincoln, a prom
ising young author of this city, fear that he was
among the victims of the attack by the Apache
Indians on the stage coach, recently, in Arizona,
mentioned in last night’s dispatches. He was
connected with Lieut. Wheeler’s exploring expe
dition.
Charlotte Cushman had a very enthusiastic re
ceptiou at the Globe theatre, to-night.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Nov. 18.—John Prior, playing
about the cars of the Canal road, at Plainville,
Saturday night, was run over and killed.
Martin Purcell, this city, fifteen years old,
while driving a team across the Hartford, Prov
idence and Fishkill railroad, in East Hartford
this morning, was struck by a locomotive and
seriously injured. His skull was fractured and
he was taken to the hospital unconscious.
The annual exhibition of the Connecticut
state poultiy society will open in Allyn hall,
to-morrow, and will continue three days.
Yorkville, S. C., advices say there are now
over one hundred kuklux in jail, over two hun
dred confessed members at large on parole, and
one hundred and twenty-five or one hundred
and 9 tty hiding in the woods or elsewhere in
bouth Carolina,
WORCESTER: TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1871.
Our New York Dispatches.
AMioniiditig RrvrlnlioiiN Hxpected Hrury
Ward Brecher on the Purity of tin*
llullot—The Vanni Amount es Criminal
Ncwn, etc.
New York, Nov. 13.—President Cowan, of
the aldermen, states that the joint committee of
investigation will make official reports of the
city and county accounts on Wednesday, with
out fear or favor. He says the reports will as
tonish the people, as they contain facts and
names not mentioned before in connection with
the frauds.
Rev. Henry Ward Beecher delivered a strong
sermon yesterday on the purity of the ballot.
He said the greatest of all danger was the in
difference of educated men to the ballot, and
that there was more danger now from gigantic
moneyed corporations than there was from
slavery. The promiscuous hanging of men to
lamp posts will not correct the evil. Reform
ation must commence in the church, in rhe
schools, in the household. We must iedeem
the ballot or there is no use of talking of re
formation. He believed that prominent men of
both parties have conspired to make the ballot
venal. The civil service of the nation is a stand
ing threat against the liberty of the nation.
The custom house is a bribery shop, and if these
vast places are to be put up for sale, this gov
ernment cannot long exist. Conscience must
be applied to polities, and the pulpit must teach
the conscience of the people. To be good
Christians the people must be good citizens.
Self-government is not a failure. We must not
give way to cowardice. The experiment must
be fought out Self-government must not fail,
and by the help of God it shall not fail. There
were several outbursts of applause during the
sermon.
The board of apportionment (has authorized
the issue of school stock to the amount of $960,-
000, at 7 per cent.
The commissioners of the sinking fund di
rected an issue of a million dock bonds, against
the vote of Controller Green. Tweed was not
present till the proceedings were over. Green
made a large number of removals from office
to-day.
Stephen Maloney shot Simon Garvin fatally
during a quarrel at the New England hotel last
night.
Michael Byne fatally stabbed John Burke dur
ing a quarrel, in Eleventh street, yesterday.
J. E. Demorest and two sons, Erie baggage
clerks, were arrested for swindling both the com
pany and passengers.
John Campbell was held for trial yesterday
for shooting Ellen Foy in the Bowery, Saturday
night. He alleges tha* he was only defending
himself from several women and confederate
pickpockets.
Win. Isaacs, a clerk in Evans’ silk store, and
two pawnshop keepers were arrested, the former
for stealing and the latter for receiving §4OOO
worth of silk.
Peter Schubert, clerk of a real estate office on
Terfth avenue, is missing, and is believed to have
been murdered by a Tenth avenue gang. He
collected a large sum of money on the Ist inst.
and paid it over to his employer early in the af
ternoon, but he has not been seen since that eve
ning, when he took a walk after dinner.
John Malm was suffocated and burned to
death last night, in Clinton street, by the ex
plosion of a kerosene lamp in his chamber.
An old woman named Mary Sullivan was
burned to death in Cherry street, yesterday.
She was bedridden, and accidentally upset a
lamp.
The Herald suggests Horace Greeley as the
successor of Sweeny as park commissioner.
It is officially announced that the German
steamer Franklin, at quarantine, has forty cases
of cholera on board. There were twenty eight
deaths on the voyage. Nearly every one aboard
was more or less affected. Most of the cases
are scriofis, and further deaths are probable. A
rigid quarantine is enforced, with every effort to
alleviate the sufferings; but care is taken to
prevent a spread of the contagion.
Members of the Brooklyn investigating com
mittee say they have evidence showing that
about four thousand fraudulent votes were cast.
They are sanguine that the canvassers will be
compelled to give certificates of election to a
majority of the republican candidates on the
county ticket,and all the republican candidates,
including the mayor, on the city ticket. The
report will be ready about Friday, when war
rants will be issued for ballot staffers. Mayor
Kalbfleisch professes that he is satisfied that he
obtained more honest votes than Powell or
Booth, and he will contest the right to the office
in the courts; that, if Powell takes the seat, an
election in the spring will be provided for, when
it is believed he will be elected.
Bliss, Fenton republican, says his resignation
as chairman of the Brooklyn water board has
been at the disposal of his friends for months.
Clinton Furbish, member of the republican
general committee of Brooklyn, has commenced
a §IOO,OOO libel suit against John McDiarmicd,
a fellow member, who charges Furbish, as an
inspector of elections, with counting him out
for an office in one of the wards.
Henry C. Cooper, in the naval service, was
held in §BOOO bail, charged with placing can
celled stamp on the manifest of the ship
Rboderick Dhu.
It was agreed to-day that unless the govern
ment was ready to prosecute the Cuban General
Jourdan early in December a nolle prosequi will
be entered.
James O’Brien, convicted of manslaughter in
the third degree, in killing Hilaries Casey, was
sentenced to four years in prison.
Henry Myers received a similar sentence for
forgery.
The Miner counterfeiting ease has been as
signed for trial in December.
Marcus A. Herrick, a prominent member of
the stock exchange, is dead.
The Broadway widening assessment matter
was argued in the supreme court; decision re
served.
The following is a correct account of the
cholera at quarantine. Steamship Franklin, of
the Baltic Lloyds line, arrived Saturday night,
with a number of cases of cholera on board. She
sailed from Stettin, Oct. fOth, touching at Copen
hagen! Got. 12th, and Christiansanct| Oct. 15th.
At the time of leaving the latter port, she had
twenty-two cabin and 611 steerage passengers,
and a crew of sixty-seven men. Ten days out,
the first case of cholera made its appearance
among the steerage passengers, and when the
steamer put into Halifax to obtain coal there had
been nearly 100 casesßof cholera and choleraic
diarrhoea, of which forty proved fatal. Since
leaving Halifax, one death has occurred and to
day twelve patients suffering from cholera were
sent to the West Bank hospital. The well pas
sengers were also transferred to the United
States transfer ship Delaware, lately fitted up as
receiving ship by the quarantine authorities.
The Franklin, after the transfer of passengers,
was ordered to the lower quarantine, where she
will be thoroughly disinfected and detained un
til it is thought sale to allow her to come to the
city.
The executive committee of the Evangelical
alliance have adopted the report of the deputa
tion to Russia. They are to have a reception
after the arrival of Alexis. A committee was
appointed to copsider the expediency of invit
ing all the alliances of Europe to bold the next
general conference at New York.
A terrific scene with a gang of burglars oc
curred in the house of Albert Daggett, Williams
burg, Sunday morning. Mr. Daggett’s mother
was held in bed by a man holding a large knife,
but she raised an alarm which brought assis
tance from her son, who fired the contents of a
revolver at the robbers. The fire was returned,
and the thieves escaped with §3OO in booty.
Fourteen additional cholera cases from the
steamer Franklin were admitted to the West
bank hospitals.
At the afternoon meeting of the officers of the
aimyot the Cumberland, it was reported that
free passes would be given to members over rail
roads to the place of meeting. The members,
after adjournment, visited Gen. Sherman. Cor
dial greetings were interchanged.
Criminal Record.
A QUESTION OF COLOR.
Baltimore, Nov. 18.—The jury in the United
States court awarded John W. Fold, colored,
S4O damages, for ejection from the cars of the
city railroad. The claim was $2500. The effect
of the decision, however, is, that negroes are
now admitted to all street cars.
A MAN STABBED.
Philadelphia, Nov. 13.—Francis Blackburn,
Jr., a well known malstter of this city, was
stabbed last night by roughs in front of his
house on Broad street.
THE PHILADELPHIA TROUBLES.
Philadelphia, Nov. 12.—City Treasurer
Marccr tiiis afternoon entered a plea of not
guilty on the indictment found bv the grand
jury last month. His trial was fixed for the
27th inst. The grand jury returned three bills
against C. T. York, Jr., charging him with lar
ceny and embezzlement.
Fire Record.
AT LEBANON, N. H.—LOM SIOOO.
Lebanon, Nov. 18.—A house owned and oc
cupied by Peter Scnnott. on Elm street, was de
stroyed by tire this forenoon. The family had
been absent lor a short time. Origin of the tire
unknown. Loss about $1000; uninsured.
AT PERTH, ONT.—LOSS $20,000.
Perth, Nov. 13. —The Ontario concentrated
tannin company’s building was burned Satur
day. Loss $20,000; insurance SBOOO.
AT NEWARK—LOSS $15,000.
Newark, Nov. 18.—There is some excitement
here, as three fires and several false alarms have
occurred in the hist twenty-four hours. Reiley’s
morocco factory was burned; loss S7OOO. Mc-
Cabe’s roof factory was damaged SBOOO, and a
small stable was burned; loss SSOOO. AU in
cendiary.
AT VALLEJO—LOSS NOT STATED.
San Francisco, Nov. 18.—Armory hall and
Kennedy block, in Valiko, were burned yester
day by mcepdiArioi.
Sporting Affairs.
FLEETWOOD PARK.
New York, Nov. 18 —At Fleetwood. to-day,
a purse and stake of §5(10 was won by Grey Ed
die in four heats. Belle of Orange second, Ladv
Wells third, Hickelv last.
Time, 2:40], 2:88],2:42 and 2:4H.
Four heats were trotted in the AmerieangGii I
and W. H. Allen race, the Girl winning the first
two heats and W. H. Allen the last two.
Time, 2:27, 2:29], 2:26 and 2:25L The race
will be completed to-morrow.
THE MAID BEATS LUCY.
Philadelphia, Nov. 13.—Goldsmith Maid
beat Lucv for a purse of SBOOO, in three straight
heats. Time, 1:25i, 2:19 and 2:28. The track
was heavy.
The Weather.
Washington, Nov. 18.—An extensive area
of low pressure will probably develop from Mis
sissippi to Michigan, advancing northeastward
over the lower lakes by Tuesday night, followed
by brisk and west winds south and west of Illi
nois. Threatening weather, with rain, extend
ing generally Tuesday along the Atlantic coast,
with falling barometer and northeast winds,
veering to southeast increasing southerly winds
on the lower lakes; brisk northwesterly winds
on Lake Michigan and on the Louisiana coast.
At the signal office this morning, snow was
reported at Omaha, Nebraska, and at five this
evening it was snowing at Corinne, Utah.
Abbreviated Dispatcher.
Fears are felt for the safety of Duke Alexis.
Jack Frost paid a visit to New Orleans on Sat
urday night.
The number of deaths in Chicago last week
was 118.
It is said that Tweed has been obliged to sell
out stocks to pay for his election.
The republican ticket has been elected in Min
nesota by a majority of a little over 80(H).
Mr. Loring, killed in the attack on the LaPaz
stage, was from Boston.
A rich discovery of quicksilver has been made
in Monterey county, Cal.
The president returned to Washington from
New York yesterday morning.
Count Keratry Inis been appointed prefect of
Marseilles.
The city of Bristol, Eng., has contributed
£2200 lor Chicago.
The physicians in attendance to the queen at
Balmoral announce her health improving.
A Salt Lake special states that Brigham
Young is at St. George, a small town in rhe
south part of the territory.
The statement that delegate Hooper is author
ized to make certain terms at Washington is re
garded as correct.
Major Herbert P. Curtis of Massachusetts,
judge advocate, U. S. A., has been oidered to
duty in the military division of the Pacific.
Business at the New York custom house is
remarkably brisk. Over $40,000 in gold has
been received for duties during the week.
A number of Italian citizens of New York pro
pose to give a banquet in honor of Gen. Sigel’s
victory.
The Pullman palace car company have de
clared their seventeenth quarterly dhidend of
three percent.
Wm. A. White, a newsboy and bootblack of
New York, has become heir to §116,490 by the
death of his grandmother in Ireland.
Seneca county, N. Y., has elected a republican
assemblyman this year, for the first time in its
history.
A letter from Alexandria, Egypt, reports some
new and very hard things against American
Consul Butler.
Gov. Safford, of Arizona, publishes a letter re
counting the murders and outrages committed
by Indians from the reservations, bitterly ai
raigning Collyer’s late operations.
During a fracas on Spruce street in Philadel
phia, on Saturday arcmoon, a man named U.
T. Aloysias, was fatally stabbed by John Arm
ing. The murderer is in custody.
The Cincinnati pork packers and dealers have
organized a live stock and provision night ex
change, with headquarters at the Crawford
house.
The official canvass of the city and county of
Milwaukee give Doolittle a majority of 1941.
The democratic loss since last gubernatorial
election is 780.
Commodore Ashby arrived home Saturday.
He renounces all intention of contending again
tor the queen’s cup in American waters. lie is
going to India next year.
The court martial is rapidly disposing of the
eases of the communists prisoners. Of the ac
cused who have been tried, 10,645 have been dis
charged, 778 convicted and sentenced to various
degrees of punishment.
Saturday afternoon the jewelry establishment
of Henry F. Paiget, No. 86 Nassau street, New
York, was robbed during his absence by three
men, who gagged a boy and then decamped
with §B,OOO worth of watches and watch move
ments.
Prof. Philip SchafFs report of the deputation
of the American branch of the Evangelical Alli
ance appointed to memorialize the emperor of
Russia in behalf of religious liberty, will be pre
sented at a meeting of the executive committee
in New York.
Elder Lindsley of Utah, in a sermon at Wil
liamsburg, referred to the. persecution of the
Mormons, and made use of the following words:
“We are God’s chosen people. He is working.
A few weeks ago Chicago was destroyed. This
is but a drop of water to what will soon happen.
We were driven from that state, and God said
they should not live there.”
In accordance with an old custom in the im
perial marine service of Russia, the mass of the
Greek church was celebrated on the Abreck, on
Sunday night, and aTe Deum sung in thanks
to God for their safe arrival. A beautiful altar
was improvised on board the Abreck, with bunt
ing am! evergreens obtained from the shore.
At Salt Lake City, the supreme court and
district court were both in session yesterday
but nothing of interest transpired. The grand’
jury lacked a quotum, owing to the absence of
members as witnesses in the great mining suits
at Provo. The marshal was ordered to secure
the presence of the absentees to-day.
The Charleston News says that a caucus of col
ored members of the legislature, last week, ic
solved to make no appropriation the coming
session for the payment of interest on the state
debt, and declared themselves in favor of repu
diation of both the old and the new debt of the
state.
One week ago yesterday, Paul Fanpierce, a
New York painter, was caught in some machine
ry. One revolution broke his back, and he was
taken to the Park hospital to die. Uis bodv be
low the neck is paralyzed, and performs none
of its natural functions. At rimes there is pul
sation neither at the heart nor at the wrist for
hours together, and yet the poor man remains
with a living head on a dead laxly.
Mr. Harrod Marks, son of Joseph Marks, of
New York, who is connected with the survey of
the Southern Pacific railroad, at West Jefferson,
Texas, has mysteriously disappeared. No trace
of him can be found, and fears arc entertained
that he has been foully dealt with.
Messrs. Henry Clews Co. have filed in the
governor’s office at Atlanta, claims against the
state of Georgia for money advanced by them to
pay notes and drafts of Foster Blodgett, the su
perintendent of the Western and Atlantic rail
road company, many of them having the ap
proval of Governor Bullock, amounting to $377
821.45. It is estimated that Clews Co. have
claims amounting in the aggregate to $1,200,000.
On Saturday night, the body of a man was
found lying on the track of the* Boston and Al
bany railroad at Chatham Village, N. Y. It is
supposed that he was killed while attempting to
jump on a passing train. He was about thirty
five years of age. His name is supposed to be
Florence Crowley, and he had friends in Bangor
and Lewiston, Maine.
The suspension of the New York firm of Se
ger Co., with highly respectable connections
at London and other ports in Europe, is an
nounced. The firm is one of the largest ship
pers of breadstuffs and petroleum in the citv.
It has been known to purchase 250,000 bushels
of wheat and 20,000 barrels of flour and charter
fifteen vessels in one day. From this some idea
may be formed of their large transactions The
liabilities are undecstood to be large, but it is
said Mr. Seger announces his intention to pav
in lull if time is granted.
Dr. Thompson preached his farewell sermon
on Sunday, at New York, reviewing the history
of the Tabernacle lor twenty-seven years past.
He said we have raised a total of $600,000 to the
support of the church and its missions. With
the munificent donation to the retiring pastor
the sum total is increased to $780,000. It has
increased from 07 <o nearly 000 members, regu
larly, and additions bring its membership up" to
1800, They have hud among its members at
least forty college graduates, and it has been a
living and working church during its entire ex
istence.
A Pittsburg, Pa., dispatch states that Ferdi
nand De Gimmez, Spanish charge d’affairslut
Rome, ami Miss Lelia Addison were married on
Saturday aiternoun, the ceremony being per
formed by the Rt. Rev. Bishop Dominic. An
unusual circumstance connected with the affair,
was that the bridegroom was represented tty
proxy, the late prime minister availing himself
of a privilege granted under the law of the
church, having appointed a brother of the bride
to represent him. The bishop says that this is
the first ceremony of this kind ever performed
in this country, although not uncommon in
Europe. The lady sails for Europe in it few
days.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amerf
aan ana Foreign Patents procured.Rejocted Ap
Plications re-argued; Interference Case* Prosecuted!
Opinions given as tp the validity and infnngcmeut of
Patents and Suits prosscuted and defended tu tbe U 5,
Courts, by
THOM. II DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of Itbt
Board ot Appeals, U. 8. Patent office,) Counsellor at
Law, and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodgers
Block, aorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mau.
1124 liAwt'
NOTICE.— Whereas, my wife, ALICE
LEE, has left my bed and board withoul umt cause
1 hereby forbid all persons harboring or trusting her »n
my account, as 1 shall pay no debt* of her contracting
THOMAS LIE. 8
vr, IQ, 18„' tUc B u
Notices.
TT WILL RESTORE THE OOLOB TO
OKAY OR FADED DAIKI
W .A JI II E N S
NOT POISONOUS
Hair Restorer
Secured in United States Patent Office. Sept. 19,1871.
No Sediment. Clear as Water and as Fire. It
contains no Oil, Alcohol or Spirits: consequently it will
not Qum tne Hai. or make it dry and wiry. No'Nitrate
of Silver, Sugar of Lead. Lac Sulphur, Ac. It will
RESTORE THE COLOR
to Gray or Faded Hair. It will PREVENT the Hair from
falling off. It will tend to
MAKE THE HAIR OROW.
MAKVFACTVRKD BY
EDWIN A. WARREN,
Apotheoa ry,
IN HAY STATE HOUSE. WORCESTER.
To whom all orders should be addressed.
<•3O dD
499
WiNTER AND FALL APPLES!
FOR SALE BY
JOHN S. Ik ALLA RD A CO
’<l3 di-lw Chapin Block. Petti 4.
QLIV ER’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIM STREET OLD NO.
my 24 dtf
SICPTICAI li IC It 1 187 17
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Druggists,
PROPRIETORS OF
Medical Hall, Estab. 1847.
430 Main St., cor. Pleasant,
DEALERS IN
Pure Drugs
<‘A 1 S r MEDICINES 111 Ilie market.
INKS AND LIQUORS f#r medicinal use—all war-
RANTED PURE AND UN ADULTERATED.
K7-OUR MOTTO.^O
“A NIMBLE PENNY IS BETTER
THAN A SLOW SIXPENCE.”
C 'We respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
«1 <ur
J J ARN ESS ICS 7
BUFFALO ROBES!
LINED AND UNLINED,
WOOL ROBES!
HORSE BLANKETS!
CIRCUVGLES and
WHIPS f
A stock equal to any in tho city, which we are aellmg
at Low Prices, at
LAMSON, GLAZIER CO.'S,
n 7 du '202, 204 and'2o6 Main st.
1) W N Go T 11 E 1‘ RIC IC si
AT
PRENTICE'S MARKET,
44 Southbridge Street,
COB. MVITI^ ST.
p Call and examine meats and prices, and be con-
Vinevd that the cheapest place to trade is at Uns market.
n 3 dim*
BOLLAR REWARD SOAP —Washes
without rubbing; Removes Pitch, Tar. Paint.
Grease, Sweat and Leather Stains, Ac.; Washes with
Hot or Cold, Hard, Soft, or Salt Water; Saves Igibor,
Time, Fuel. Clothes, and Money. Clothes washed with
it wear twice as long as if washed wit h common soap.
One pound of it will wash from ten to tliteen dozen
pieces of ordinary family washing. It washes the finest
lace without injury, and renders all articles as clear and
bright as new.
The Hollar Reward Soap!
Try it in the Bathroom it leaves the. skin cool, smooth
and soli Use it to cleanse your Marble Ornaments,
Mantels. Door steps. Ac., and Brick Walks and Alleys,
t seit wit h scouring-brick in cleansing iron or steel; it
saves half the labor, and gives a belter appearance. It
makes iin Ware shine like new, and lias no equal in
cleansing glass or china Dissolved in boiling water,
makes the best and cheapest Soft Swap in the world.
For sale bv HOLDEN BROS., Worcester. d3m
yy ARII E N WEST oST
111 F ttOMT HTK EFT,
COMMISSION HE A I. EKS
lii Hutter, Cheese, Eggs, &e.
Are dal .v receiving fall Butter from Jefferson
and st. Lawrence Counties, N. Y., which they offer to
the traoe at lowest maikcl prices. dtf nil
WHE LADIES’ HAIR STORE.—Misses
A. E. A F. 0. CLOUGH would respectfully inform
their bu y triends and former patrons, that they have
returned to their old location, 62 Front st., S. R. Leland s
Building, opposite the Common, where they will be
happy to attend to the wants at all who may favor them
with a ail, in making work to order; also, renovating
and adjusting old sets of hair; cutting children's and
misses hair, champooing. Ac., Ac.
Jhyßo
|NTELL IGE NC E FFI (E
Room Mo. 14, i«t Mat. IBank Halidin?.
Property rented and rents collected. Houses, tene
ment.-, shops, stores, and rooms obtained for those who
wish. Help obtained for general housework, and situa
tions found for Domestics on the most reasonable terms.
M dtial GREENWOOD A CO.
AY AND BTII AW
CHOK E CAMADA HA V,
BICIOIIT WESTER M STIC AW
by the Car Load, Ton, or Single Bale.
Also, Oats, Meal, Feed, Ac., ut Mo. 4 1 Waldo St,
old No. 9.
ly* dtf W. H. GAY A CO.
pR V EY 8 I>E NT A L ROOM 8.
A. FAIR OFFER!
Artificial Teeth for Difficult Mouths!
A TRIAL WITHOUT PRICE!
The most difllcul' cases solicited. Those Laving tried
several times without success preferred. I desire to
make such a set by my new method ot attaching plates
to difficult mouths, and no expense will be incurred by
the applicant. ('ll AS. K. PEVEY,
432 Main st., cor Pleasant, Worcester, Mass.
n3_ _ dtf
NE W BTE A M M ARBLE AN D
STONE WORKS.
Having introduced niaehlnery into our business, we
are co u lid ent that, witli our large experience, practical
Knowledge, and personal attention, we are prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimmings, Monu
ments. Tablets and Grave Stones, chimney Pieces,
Bracket Shelves, Table and Bureau Tups. Sinks, and
every description of work made from Marble and Stone,
al the lowest cash prices.
Thankful for pasi contidence and patronage, we solicit
I continuance of the same. TATELM A HORGAN,
dt* 131 Centra) st.. Worcester. Mase.
Haru and white pine timbek
Ou hand and Sawed tu Dimensions.
HARD PINE PLANK, HARD PINE FLOORING
and STEP BOARDS, or sale by
HTFT *O M A PU P
Wharf and Duck—First, corner of E street OBceN
Hi Stalest Ro stow r |jy
W. H WH Ip pL E
COMMISSION BXRCBAIT,
and .knlcr In Bnllor. Cheese, Kggs.and Country Produce
is now receiving liolce Dairies of New York and Ver
mont Butter, which i* selling at the lowest prices If
as “to
JUST STEP IN TO FLETCHER’S and
look al Heme Oenthnuen'
iron, [he JlauunicKiry. So. 3 BayXi
one Price store, 2M Jialn.i 1
A PRIZE 875 GOLD
no sucecutul studcut, male or f -male,
in K.* 1 g ,c N E Telegraph Academy,
~V’ Boston. Apply or send stamp for
i ireulaisat once. dvoptir.’ti M
piUKED UP ON THE STBSBT
Wednesday morning, THREE PACKAGES, con
uimng articles or value, the owner cun have them by
proving property and paying charges.
HUGH WATERS.
nil d3t Jordan's Block.
JOHN G. DALY, Gardener and Florist, is
ready to attend any or'ers lor Gardening, Green
house work. Grading of Grounds. Ac., Ac., that mar be
leit lor him, ut J. D. LOVELL'S, 446 Main »L
MW
PRICE 1 CENTS.
®oml.
W H. JOURDAN,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer In
ANTHRACITE AND BITUMINOUS COAL
Yard, Green Street. Office. 2 Lincoln Block, Worcester
Mass. utf apgo
T W. WELLINGTON CO.
DEALERS IN
Anthracite and Bituminous Coal,
by the Ton or Cargo.
Offices—No. 1 Poet Office Building, and 110 BoutlibrldH
■t. Yards—Manchester st., aud cur. Southbridge and
Hammond st^.. Worcester. Mass. dtf mvl
0O AL I
LEHIGH COAL,
Best quality, all sizes, for sale bv the ton or cargo, at the
Southbridge Stieet Coal Yard.
STRONG A ROGERS.
WILKESBARRE
COAL,
For family use and steam purpose*, for sale by
STRONG A ROGERS. 410 Main St.
SYDNEY
CANNEL COAL,
For open grates—a new lot lust received bv
STRONG «V ROGERS.
om< Main Street.
FIRE BRICKS,
FIRE CLAY,
FIRE SAND and KAOLIN, at wholesale and retail, by
STRONG db ROGERS.
n2l dtf 4l<t Main Street.
Tflistellancous.
STRAYED From my barn on
5g Plantation st.. Nov. 12th, A DI RHAM
II El FEU, 7 months old. When last seen, was
ail M m.".3inthe woods between Grafton st. and Hai
rlnelon Court. Whoever will capture and return her. or
give Information where she can be had. will be suitably
rewarded. GEO. SESSIONS.
n 1.3 dfrt
I? LASTK r SPONG E
MATTRESSES,
PILLOWS,
PEW CUSHIONS,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THE BALE OR POUND.
We invite the public to call and examine onr “Elastic
Sponge’’ goods, which we are now selling in large quan
tities, and which are giving great sntlsiaetion.
Sponge makes a soiter Mattress than Hair, and will
hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushioning
Churches, Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse Cars, it
will be found the best article In use, and is warranted
proof against moths.
We should be pleased to send Circular of reference to
any who desire.
HALEY, MORSE CO.,
SOLE AGENTS FOR N. E. STATES.
I ll WasliiiiKton Street, Boston
116 d£w4w
£>ASHA ALI’S
ARABIAN COFFEE,
On<* Lb. Foil Package*. 40 Lb. <’umcn.
RETAIL PRICE, 30 CENTS A POUND.
CHEAP!
HEALTHY!
ECONOMK’AL!
IP FLK iors
TRY IT.
send lor Price List.
GEORGE S. A HAMS A
si d.tw3m Nos. 340 .v. 342 Washington st.. New Yor
QHEAP FARMS! FREE HOMES!
OH THE LINE OF THE
Union Pacific Railroad
A LAND GRANT OF
12,000,000 ACRKS
OF THE
Best Farming and Mineral Lands
IN AMERICA
3,000.000 Acres of Choice Fanning and Grazing Lands,
on the line of the road, in the State of Nebraska. In the
Great Platte Valley, now tor sale, for cash or long credit.
These lands are in a mild ami healthy climate, ano for
grain growing and stock raising, unsurpassed by any in
the United States.
Prices Range from $2 to $lO pr acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
2..**00,000 APR EM of Government Land be
tween Omaha and North Platte,open tor entry as Home
steads only.
Soldiers of the Late War
are entitled to a Free Homestead of 160 acres, within
Railroad limits, equal to a Direct Bounty of s4<*o.
Send for the new edition of descriptive primpblet, with
new maps, mailed free everywhere. Address
O. F. DAVIS, Land Commissioner
b 2 dltaw.tw3m 11. I’. R. R. CO..Umaha. Xek
ELC 11 GR I FFI TH 8
CELEBRATED
CIRCULAR SAWN, I 4 W
lIAMISAUS, 1\
WOOD SAWN,
CROSN-<* UT NA WN, ol all descriptions.
Are Superior to ull Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PEKFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
For sale by Hardware and Country Dealers, and
Hie Mauutacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
7 d4w3m 14. 1 A-It? Federal Nt.. oMon
yy illiston’s
NEW AND UNEQUALED
Six Cord, Com'bed Sea Inland
SPOOL THREAD!
The Best Spool Cotton for Hand and
Machine Sewing.
WILLISTON'3 COMBED SEA ISLAND THREAD,
C. 8.1.
Possesses the four great requisites for a perfect Thread
via: Smoothness, elasticity, uniformity of Twist, and
great strength.
The results are secured by the liberal use of SEA
ISLAND COTTON, and the expensive process of
Combing, whereby ihe Short Fibres of Cotton are re
moved. With this Thread the operator on the Sewing
Machine can accomplish more and better work than
witli the ordinary article. In many instances it is being
substituted tor Silk and Linen, with entire sat Isla.-1 km
to the consumer. Il is put up on 2W vard Spools for
general use, and on larger Spools lor special uses For
sale by
C. B. EATON,
DEALER IS
FANCY DRY GOODS,
No. 350 Main Nt., Worcester, Mumu.
025 dWAS3w
SIOO to
where selling our new seven strand White Platixa
Clothes Lines. Sells readily at every house. Samples
free. Address the GIRARD WI RE MILLS,
o 23 deop.VweowZm* Philadelphia. Pa.
QREE N WOO D IN ST ITIT T E
8 IVliles from Hoßten,
ON THE BOSTON ANH MAINE K. K.
This Institution is established for the reception and
treatment of patients suffering from disease or derange
ment of the nervous system, caused by cvertaxing the
brain, by too sedentary habits, or the excessive or in
judicious use of alcoholic or narcotic stimulants.
The terms for board and treatment are from *ls to #3O
a week, varying according to the accommodations re
quired tor the patients. Incases requiring extraordi
nary care and attention, there will Im* a proportionate
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed to me at Greenwood, Mass r
at my office in Boston, will be Immediately uiiswere'J
Patients an; expected to remain such length oi time
as may Ims deemed necessary.
Payments will be required hi advance.
Boston Office-Rooms No. 11 Tremont Temple. Offlc
hours—lo m. to 2 o clock r. u.
ALBERT DAY, M. I).,
Superintendent and Physician.
Greenwood. Ans. 12,1871. deop39t ot«
JUST STEP IN TO FLETCHER S, and
took at those Gentlemen's Slippers, iust received
from the ManuftwUwv. No. 3 Bay State House Block.
One r&e Styre, w Main»(, dtf lU
ADVERTfoIAW MAA*.*.
IN Daily Rfy—For the "Hquare’ often Ifnca eoi
agate type, 1 time7s eta.; each subsequent Insertion 50
CU.; 1 week 2 weeka |4.00; I month Ob; I year
>6o—and the name rate proportionally for any nunitf r o
•quarea. Two lines for one week >1.00; three line SI 25
rmirllne. Bv e lln«»l..W. Local notlCMß.enl.
per line lor .un Inwrtlon. Hu»lnc.« nolle., lit cent. p<r
line. 0Mlu„, notice.,re.olntion., *c„ 15 e«H. per line
Ug»l bleertleemenl. n.no pcr for Br )M
tion; ea< h subsequent insertion 50 cento,
Bpe, lnl poelllon.; In the p.per, and «pe ia i 0(
dieplay, will lie charged extra rale., cut. and double
column mlvertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space o< i upied.
In Weekly Sp\—First insertion >I.OO per equate
each sul»equent insertion 50 centa; 3 months S 7 i’<t; one
yoarf2b.OO.
Xtt.
owvr Tenement of ten rooms.
double parlor citv and w II water. Kent rt asona
i given immediately. Appy hi No 20
iH I F. HARDY.
n>j d2w*
T' VaUe 1 of ‘ho
’n.i.j tw.t lower tenement-, of tlw rooms ach s. t
bowl and bath room. Rent $250 L. N. GATES
1,11 'OK \Lo\ I.
T° Wi' 1 ,0 on thecorner of Main
and May-t,., lununh to o Smith'
al»». pflvtl.gr t„ r lmr.c, mquiSo?'
nil ,nr H. KNt.Wt l>,
nH ,hr I Allen Court.
rpo LKT-A Toneniftit of 5 or« rooms at
A Nu. <4 Harrison st. Inquire ai No. i t Waveny -t
nil dlw* J
mu RENT W ith b
flveminuiea of city UalL a p eagan’front
parlor, to a gentleman and wife: aNo. two gon.i cham
berafor single gentlemen. Inquire at No 2G Heimon
o h it han.l bell. d«t nil
mwo PLEASANT TENEMENTS To
JL RENT—29S Front st. Inquire at W EATHEUBEI ’3
Drugstore dtt Irt
OFFfCE TO RENT That o
pied by Dr. Hunt, 2H> Main st. Inquire of
ns dti wm DICKIXBON
fpEN EM ENT of 3rooms to rent to man and
X wife only. Inquire at Store 15“ Pleasant st.
n 3 dtf R. MILLER *ro
T< RENT- T" a man and wife, a tenement
of 5 rooms, at No. Chatham si ai-o, a pleasant
furnished lodging room. E W. CARTER.
i>2 dtf
FJB i LET—»A Tenement of 7 rooms, No. 3
JL Providence st.; city water. Inquire of
w. F. POND,
No. 11 Providence st., between band 7 p. m.
ol du
LET—To un Amci ican family, a lower
tenement of 5 r«>om'. Apply on the premia No. 7
Harrison st. WM. WIuCOX.
nl dtf
DOOMS TO RENT
Also, STORAGE,
dtf I M. sKHKHrLI,.
110 RENT Suits of Rooms* or
Rooms tor offices. Also, Desk Rooms, and rooms
suitable for lodging.
n 22 dtf GOODNOW A y; og
110 RENT To a small family, one Upper
Tcnemcnl of 5 rooms, corner of llarri'on and Bake
sts. Apply on premises, ot »t .1 ul I.ANEFY, oili< e
No. ti Worcester Bank Block, Foster t. dtf oti
LET One ttmvnicnt of seven rooms.
A Apply at No. 26 West st. dtt n
fllO LET—A desirable lower tenement, west
of Main st., four minim walk from Vn banks
Had. eleven rooms. Rent $425. Address •’E..” >tiy
Offloe. dtf nl
FWIO LET Nice tenements at No& 1 1-2 ami
JI 3 Davia st. Apply to Mrs. E. D. WARNER, l'-j Da
Via 'l. dti anil
RST LASS TENEMENT, with mod-
ern improvements, to rent, at N Loudon st,
OH dtf JOSEPH v HOR LAND
f|lO RENT—One Store in new brick block
1 comer of Washington and Belknap st s. inquire at
42 Orange at., from I to 2 o’clock, or at 513 .Main -t
oM tn FHOS m-inaHAN.
rpo LEI’ Two Tenements on Wiin
JI Inquire of ADIN THAYEK, 398 Main st.
.Cl dll
FIIO RENT Suit of Front Rooms in 2d
A story Goulding's Granite Block, suitable (or Milli
nery or oilier bu iness purposes. Applv to
dti W. H. GiH I.DING.
fp<> LET A newly finished Lower Tene
-1 ment of 6or 7 rooms, at No. 5 silver st. Inquire at
the house before IS o’clock A. M.,or after 6 r. m.
uIS dtf N. M. BARNES.
riK LET A room. 2d flow, 582 Main
I st. Inquire of r. K. HUBBARD, No 1 Rogers’
Block, Main st. dtf sis
LET—Furnished lodging rooms, with
A board if desired. Apply at No. 28 Bartlett place.
nl
FflO LET A tenement of 3 or 4 rooms;
A City waler. Inquire at No. 13 Orchard sL
030 dtf
rilt i RENT Two nice lower tenements of 5
rooms each, with ■•By water md water closets and
other conveniences; also a tenement of seven rooms in
the French roof. Applv al No. 49 Austin st.
dtt
f|lO RENT-A swhl Lower Tenement of 7
A rooms, on Benefit court; rent $23 per month.
L. A. ELY A CO.
flbi RENT On Woodland st., a first-class
A Tenement; barn if desired.
0M dtf L. ELY A CO.
SALEOR TO LET- In the centre of
Boyislon, a store and Tenement connected, of seven
rooms, good barn and one acre of land. For reference,
inqitlieof HORACE KENDALL, or JOHN ANDI* Ws,
mar the premises. JOHN ANDREWS.
Boylston, Oct. 18. 1871. dtf
rpo LET—In the Block corner <d Main ami
A Pleasant sts., on the third floor, a room 23 x 50.
Also, to let, in the New Block opposite the Uommun,
two rooms <>n the second fluor, suitable for offices, one
25 x 30, and one 20 x 25. R. U TA Y LOR.
a 3 dtf
OFFICE TO LET !—The room formerly
occupied by John D. ('hollar as an office, in IJncoln
House Block. This room is up one till lit of stairs, front
ing on Main si., and is very pleasant and de ir hie. For
terms, &c.. apply to JOHN D. C'HOLLtR,
No. 472 Ma n st.. Taylor's Granite Building.
027 'io
rp<) LET Two Tenements on Providence
A st.—one of lour rooms, one of t hree rooms, to Amer
ican faaiilies. Inquire between 6 and fp, a.
W. F. POND,
013 dtf 11 Providence st.
4 FIRRTCLASS LOWERTENEMENT
TO RENT, at No. 20 Crown st. Inq ire on the
premises. dtf 0
FpO LET- 2 rooms, suitable for a
Maker, at 379 Main st, over Taft, Bliss Rice’s
Dining Rooms. Inquire at Room No. 5, same entrance.
n 7 dtf
npO LET Agood lower tenement
A rooms, with barn, on North Ashland st. Possession
given at once. ABBOTT <v RICE.
n 7 dtf Real Estate Brokers. Central Exchange.
LET- A nice Garden Farm,with
I tage House and outlmildings within lour miles of
this e tv, ant six minute-' walk from De ot; about 9
acres o( land, with over 400 fruit trees. Possesion given
at once None (nil Americans need apply. Inquire at
Ko. 9 Hermon street. dtf n$
fllO LET—One-half of Doable House No.
A 36 Boynton st., 14 rooms; ba h-room, gas, water
chaeta, stable. Ac. For iurther information apply to
ABBOTT A KICI-,
u 6 dtf 1 Central Exchange.
I>OOM AND POWER TO KENT On
L Main rt. Applv io
H W. DENNY &CO
nil d2w 565 Main sr., Sargent Square.
rpo LET A nice lower hMiemcnt of (hive
A rooms, very convenient; city water. Apply to
P. BOLAND,
,4 dtf 103 Salem st.
FINE LOT OF
Pianofortes and Organs
TO RENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
444 MAIN ST.
RICHARDS, METCALF CO.,
_ dtf SPY BLOCK.
FIIO LET- In Crompton's Block, Mechanic
st., rooms ot various sizes on second, third am' fourth
floors, uitabk- tor offices, manufacturing purposes, and so
ciety rooms. This new and elegant block is centrally lo
cated within a few rods of Main st. and the Depots. It is
In tiie business centre of the city, and Is fitted up with all
themodern improvements, making it one of the most
lemrable locations tor business in Worcester For tears
and further particulars, inquire »f
z «EO. CROMPTON.
Je2U dtt Crompton Loom Works Green st.
Jtor Sau
Wk FOR SALE ONE GOOD BUSI-
H°KNE, bay color; will w< gh 11(10
lbs.; sound and kind six years old. and sold
g i*>r want ot use. J. A. PRINCE,
nJ3 dlw* 12 cb.nlron t.
IpOR SALE—One Pair of Horses, one
Hack, and one Set of Harness. Terms easy.
JOHN QUINN.
nil dlw* No 207 Cambridge st.
House blankets for sale
few hundred good common Blankets, well made
up. al low prices. SUMNER PRATT,
sio «its MFrantrt.
I3OR sale TH REE sharks s m s
RESERVOIR STOCK. Addnss
A. WHEELOCK.
OM 11,1 Charlton Depot. Maw,
STANDING WOOh AND TIMBER
FOR SALE.—A Lot containing about 40 acres
within o*4 miles of Worcester. IS northeast from Graf
ton Centre. A very desirable lot. Inquire of
’•0 dttt* JAMES PEACOCK.
FOR SALE Some very fine
1 lymouth Rock. Also, one Horse. 10 years u'd
..J VRATT.
_ Jlw Salisbury st.
I ’OR SALE A COVERED MILK
WAGON, in good running order, will he sold low,
it applied tor soon. S. A. NEWTON. Jk..
°2B dlf Auburn, Mas*.
F*OB SALE— AND
TIMBER, within 1H miles of City Hall; also, 200
cords of Dry Wood, readv tor market.
U. N. POND .t CO..
•>24 dtf 2 Finn' "i. Exchange.
FACTORY FOR SALE OR TO RENT,
A with water and steam power; situated on the Una
of the Providence Railroad, in the city ot Worcester.
Apply to Washburn a Morn Mfg. Co.
apß
KABE CHANCE—Elegant mid large stores
to let m the new Public Librarv Block in south
bridge, ItW feet deep by ‘27*4 wide. A rare chance tor ac
tive business men, for the sale of dry goods. clothing,
furniture, or other wares. Population atmui &OUO. Ap
ply to LUTHER S. AMMIDOWN,
028 dim xonthbridge.
OWL AN D SC OT T
HORxE
We use the American Clipping Machine, which for
style, thoroughness, an* good work cannot be outHe i.
AU work warranted to give sMUflaction. Can be found
at the Adams Express Stables, Foster st., Worcester.
C. N. HOWLAND,
n$ dim* usQ. 4,