THE PRESS!
THURSDAY MORNING, DEC. 14, 1871
CITY AND VICINITY.

Kew AdYerliMineaU To-Day.
entertainment column.
Lcvoo— Stevens’ Plaius.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
Santa Claus—J. B. Lucas.
How to Live.
Christmas Presents—Duran Johnson.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
House for Rent—Geo. It. Davis Co.
Am. Fire Extinguisher—llenry Taylor Agent.
Holiday Goods—Chas. Oust is Co.
Guardian's Sale—Joseph Newman.
To l>it—30 Elm street.
Navigation School—Edward Breen.
Holiday Goods at Mrs. C. C. Welch’s.
1’. 8. Diitrivl Court.
B1SFOUK JUDGE FOX.
Wednesday.—United States vs. James McCarthy.
Indictment for a felonious assault at Togus Military
Asylum. (Second indictment.) Verdict guilty of as
sault and battery. Sentenced to nine months im
prisonment. The prisoner was also found guilty on
the first indictment, tried yesterday, and sentenced
to two months imprisonment. The prisoner was at
once removed to Augusta jail.
Webb. Reed Whiteliouse.
The jury was discharged.
In Bankruptcy,—Charles P. Mattocks, assignee of
Frisbio Webber, vs. Ebon N. Perry. Acliou to re
cover back from defendant, Sheriti of Cumberland
county, certain moneys. The facts broughs out iu the
evi ienco are as follows:—Parties in Boston, creditors
of Frisbie Webber, sued them; defendant attached
their slock in trade and put a keeper in the store, and
finally the goods were soli under the statute which
provides for such deposition of perishable property.
The other creditors of the firm put them into bank
ruptcy, after which Charles Sawyer claimed a mort
gagee's interests in the stock and demanded the
amount of his claim. The sheriff paid him $200 an i
paid over the balance of the proceeds of the salo to
M obuIitiiau oft or J.iiliiAlIni* Mu aauPii mill
other expenses under the attachment and sale. Tin
assignee brought this action to recover from the
sheriff the difference between the amount received by
him and the amount received from the sale. Judge
Fox decided that os Sawyer was uot a party to the
record, lie should uot rule ui>on that question, but
gave Judgment for the plaintiff for the balance.
MattockB pro te. Bradbury Bradbury.
Charles P. Mattocks, assignee of Aretas Shurtleff,
vs. Aretas Shurtleff. Petition for an order to compel
bankrupt to show cause why he docs not deliver to
assignee a certain account book. Not finished.
Mattocks—A. A. Strout. Putnam.
Superior Court.
DECEMBER CIVIL TERM, LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Wednesday.—Enoch L. Deering vs. Inhabitants
of Scarboro. Action to recover damages for injuries
alleged to have been sustained by reason of a defec
tive highway in defendant town. Damages claimed,
$5000. Jury out.
Eastman. Howard Cleaves.
Tlio following are the assignments of Justice trials:
THURSDAY.
160—Russell vs. Sparrow.
87—Dow vs. Met. Ins. Co.
91—Dearborn vs. Morse.
122—Bowdoin vs. Taylor et ux.
125—Dolan vs. Falby et ux.
127—Sawyer et al. vs. Gould.
135—File-ml vs. Mills et al.
130—Libby vs. Loveitt.
141—Whitney vs. Parker.
145—Hasty vs. Melcher.
156—Pone et al. vs. Varney.
166—Koliling vs. Dyer.
Municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Wednesday.—Herbert Knight, a young man who
created a disturbance in the City Hall last evening,
was fined $5 and costs.
Harrison D. Libby was fined $5 and costs for drunk
enness and disturbance.
Brief Jottings.
Rev. Henry Ward Beecher will deliver the
last lecture in the regular M. L. A. course, on
Wednesday evening, Jan. 10th.
The debate before the Maine Charitable Me
chanics’ Association, on the question of the an
nexation of San Domingo, at the Mechanics’
Library Room, this eveuing, will no doubt prove
as interesting as those which have preceded it.
The ladies of St. Stephen’s Church will hold
their annual Christmas sale at the rooms of the
Y. M. fl A. Ibis nffupnnnn nml aiuninn TKia
sale will afford an excellent opportunity to pur
chase holiday presents at a reasonable price,
and it should receive a full share of public pat
ronage.
The police seized liquors yesterday at Timothy
Swift’s on West Commercial street.
Hon. Thomas Fitch has been obliged to give
up all his lecture engagements, and consequent
ly will not lecture in the Army Navy course.
Anna Dickinson is to lecture this evening in
the Army and Navy course.
Hou. David A. Wells' Lecture.—The lec- I
ture of Hon. David A Wells, iu the Mercantile
Library course last evening, was one of the
most instructive and interesting of the winter—
at least to politicians and practical business
minds. The audience was quite small, owing,
doubtless, to the stonn. The subject was an
nounced as Some of the Conditions under which
we Get a Living. He first remarked that the
necessity of earning a living by labor has been
felt by men of all ages. The conditions are va
ried and governed by artificial circumstances;
but nature is impartial, and under like circum
stances, makes a like return. To discover the
nature aud cause of inequalities, we must go
back to the consideration of natural forces. The
first condition is to carry over productions from
seasons of plenty to seasons of scarcity; and
man rises above the animals only as he tempts
nature to produce; and herein is the secret of
our advanced civilization—that by our knowl
edge of forces we apply them to the work of
production. The force of the consumption of
coal produces to the world the equivalent of the
labor of millions of hands; aud we know not
to what we may yet arrive at in this direction.
Auother condition is the meaus of distribution
of the produced wealth of the world. Within
the past ten years wo have gained 25,000 miles
of railroad; a great agent in distribution.—
Another feature of onr civilization is the awak
ening of society to a more proper distribution
of the fruits of labon This was formerly done
by might; now it is by tho superiority of intel
lect and application. Out of this later feature
comes schools, churches, hospitals and means of
education; out of tho former strikes, combina
tions and communism. In the time of Henry
VIII., 72,000 thieves wero hung; but society
now finds it cheaper to educate men. The av
erage cost of bringing a boy up to the age of 10,
if we add the interest to our expenditure, is at
least $1500. If a man fails to earn his own liv
ing he taxos the community, and there is no in
crease of production. If ho becomes a criminal
the tax on community is much greater. Socie
ty has also discovered that a larger life is neces
sary; and this requires greater leisure for culti
vation and a partial relief from toil; and inves
tigation here developes the fact that the laws
which govern production and distribution of
wealth are not’antagonistic.
The natural demand therefore is that there
shall bo greater production and a greater econo
my in the distribution and use; or a greater in
crease of accumulated wealth after deducting
what is necessary fertile support of the laborer.
The slow growth of accumulation was illustra
ted by statistics. In America, after 250 years
of labor we have accumulated one-third as
much as Great Britain did in 800 years. If we
should stop producing three years would be
more than enough to starve out three-fourths of
our population, and the remaining quarter
would be reduced to a state of semi-barbarism.
The duration of capital is scarcely up to the
life of an individual. Natural force is our
enemy; if left to itself it will tear down; if
properly guided it produces. The speaker then
proceeded to discuss the forcible division of
wealth by legal enactments, which is thq prac
tical demand of modern Labor Reformers. If
the whole annual accumulation of the country
was equally divided it would give each indivi
dual but #175; but left to itself accumulation is
divided by intelligence. It is the right of every
man to get the best price for his labor, but il
in his efforts for compensation he checks
production he does it at his peril. It
the old world the natural forces are fully ai
work or are exhausted. The only remedy foi
this state of things is emigration to a countri
where not a tenth part of this power ii
used. When there are two to sell and one t<
buy the buyer fixes his price; when there an
two to buy and one to sell the seller has the ad
vantage. One of the great errors of our systen
is the failure to secure the maximum of pro
duction. One of the greatest causes of failun
is placing the superintendency of mechanics
industries in the hands of men without practi
cal education, making capital stand for brains
England surpasses us in manufactures becausi
manufacturing corporations, with large and ex
pensive boards of officers at a distance from tin
factories and the practical details of busines;
in the hands of men who have no pecuniary in
terest in them are unknown. In England if tin
name of “John Smith Son, cotton spinners’
is placed on a large factory, that sign mean
what it says, and John Smith and his sons ar
practical men and have no time to run politict
caucuses and railroads. Another error is tli
practical abrogation of a thorough apprentic
system, which disciplines boys for the highe:
places in their avocations. It is an error I
believe that Congress, composed chiefly of lav
yers and other professional men, know what tl
people want better than the people tbemselvc
and apply legislation to produce remedies t
fictitious difficulties, or aid people to produce)
adding taxation, in the form of protection, Oi
of the greatest obstructions placed by legisla
tion upon production and distribution is une
qual and discriminating taxation, and anothei
is the use of an unstable and fluctuating cur
rency. The remedies for these were economy
and industry of the individual, a free inter
change of commodities at a fixed and perma
nent standard of values and an unobstructed
method of distribution.
Itnilraml matters.
Portland and Rochester Railroad.—A
special meeting of the stockholders of the Port
land and Rochester railroad was held yesterday,
to see if the company would authorize a corpor
ation subscription of $100,000 to the stock of
the Nashua and Rochester railroad. In the ab
sence of the President, Hon. John Lynch, A.
K. ShurtlelT Esq. was chosen President pro.
tem.
Col. Robie stated the object of the meeting,
and in behalf of a sub-committee of the direc
tors, reported the result of a conference with
President Kinnicutt of the Nashua and Roch
ester road and other gentlemen interested in its
direction. He stated that a bona-flj* subscrip
tion of $800,000 to the stock had already been
secured, but among the conditions »n which
some of the large subscriptions had been made
was one that at least $1,000,000 should be re
ceived before any assessment should be paya
ble. Of this amount $200,000 is still wanting.
Amoug the subscriptions are $200,000 from the
Worcester and Nashua railroad company, $100,
J00 from private sources, $200,000 from the city
of Nashua and her citizens and pledges of $50,
100 from the town of Rochester, and
£50,000 from the Lowell and Nashua railroad
company, and about $100,000 along the line of
the road. The directors recommend a sub
scription to the stock. The Worcester and
Nashua railroad company guarantee an inter
est of U per cent annually. The financial con
lition of this road is excellent. Its total prop
erty is valued at $1,058,000; it has a
surplus fund of over $078,000: for
the past ten years has made annual divi
dends of 10 per cent, and its stock is quoted at
£130 per share, par value $100. Committeos of
die Nashua and Rochester company have al
ready secured the laud damages, and if the re
luisite $200,000 of stock is at once taken up the
whole line from Nashua to Rochester will be
put under contract by March and the road com
pleted within a year. After further explana
tions 6y Messrs. Shurtleff and Deane the fol
lowing votes were unanimously passed. Twen
ty-five hundred shares were represented at the
meeting:
JKAercas, Tho Worcester an! Nashua Railroad
Company lmve voted to lease tho Nashua and Roch
ester Railroad for a term of not less than twenty
yean*from its completion and to pay six per cent, an
nually therefor on the cost of said Nashua and Roch
ester railroad, the interest to commence upon the as
sessments as soon as they are paid.
And whereas, said vote is based upon tho condition
hat the bona tide subscription to the capital stock of
the Nashua an 1 Rochester Railroad Company shall
imount to the sum of SI,000,0U0 before such an
agreement to lease is made,
And whereas the early commencement and rapid
completion of sai l Nashua and Rochester railroad is
a matter of the highest importance to the business
success of the Portland Rochester railroad,
Therefore, voted, That the Directors be and hereby
ire authorized in behalf of the Company to subscribe
for an amount not excee ling *100,001) of the Btock
if the Nashua and Rochester Railroad Company,
liter a satisfactory lease or agreement to lease said
Nashua and Rochester Railroad has been made with
the Worcester and Nashua Railroad Company, with
the stipulation therein for the payment by the Wor
ceste* and Nashua Railroad Company of six per cent,
interest annually upon said stock.
Voted, That the Directors be authorized to apply to
the Legislature, if necessary, for an act to legalize
the vole of this siiecial meeting. Also for any other
acts which they may consider useful or important to
promote the best interests of the Company.
Adjourned.
Portland Oode.vsburo Railroad.—The
petition of the Portland and Ogdeusburg Rail
road Co. for the acceptance and approval by
the County Commissioners, of the location of
their track tlirough Commercial street was re
sisted yesterday by the inhabitants of Cape
Elizabeth, so far as said location crosses the
public highway leading from Commercial street
to Portland bridge, on the ground that it will
further imperil the already exceedingly danger
ous crossing of the bridge, and in fact so ob.
struct their rights on this bridge as to render
them worthless. W. W. Thomas, jr., appear
ed for the inhabitants of the Cape and Gen. S.
J. Anderson for the Company.
Gen. Anderson contended that the location
should be approved on the ground of its neces
sity. The company’s cars must come down
Commercial street, and the Board of Mayor and
Aldermen had allowed them to locate a track
there. But the track was to be laid and trains
were not to he made up upon it, but in the com
pany’s yard further up. He intimated that the
location would probably he only temporary.
i'Ai. A11UUIU3, viiuicuucu wiiit tile vnmuii
Commissioners were custodians of the bridge,as
a county highway, and were bound to maintain
it free from obstructions and preserve the rights
of the public and the grantees by whom it was
transferred to the county; and that in accepting
the deed of it the Commissioners pledged them
selves to do this.
Mr. Win. W. Thomas, sr., spoke of the dan
gers which had been created by the Portland,
Saco Portsmouth Company by the mlticiplic
ity of tracks which they had laid, and contend
ed that another track would render travel al
most impossible, and therefore greatly injure
property in Cape Elizabeth. He thought that
railroads should not be allowed to cross on
grades, but as in Europe, be compelled to go
uuder or aver.
Gen. Anderson, in reply, agreed with him in
regard to the dangers imposed by the Portland,
Saco Portsmouth tracks, but though the pro
posed new track would create no additional
danger because trains would not be made up
upon it He stated that the Boston and Maine
Railroad Co. was seeking a way to their propos
ed depot over private property, to be purchased,
and intimated that the P. O. Railroad Co.
might acquire rights over the same line.
The Commissioners hold the case for consid
eration.
Boston and Maine Railroad.—A special
mcetiug of the stockholders of the corporation
was held at South Berwick Junction yesterday.
The attendance was quite large, a considerable
number of lady stockholders being present.
Tho meeting was called to order by M.G. White,
Esq., of Lawrence, the new President of the
road, who stated that the object of the meet
ing was “to take into consideration and to pro
vide the measures either upon tho iucrcase of
tho capital stock or otherwise, for paying for
the construction of the extension of tho road
into Portland as authorized by tho Act of the
Legislature of Maino.”
Tho President in reply to a question stated
that the amount of increase of the cnpital stock
authorized by tho act of extension was $2,000,
000 and the whole amount would be needed to
pay for the work now located to within three
miles of Portland. The road- is actually but
not legally located into tho city, and he thought
that the amount would be sutlicicut to finish
the road into the city.
Mr. C. E. Choate, of Boston, offered the fol
lowing vote: That the Directors of tho B.
M. Road lie authorized to increase the capital
stock to the amount of $2,000,000, and to divide
the same into shares of $100 ea»h, and that
_1.1...1.1 ..1...11 b.x m.Ka/iviko
for tho stock pro rata and pay for the same in
iustalmcnts^md on such timo as may bo pro
posed by the Directors.
A committee of three was appointed to re
ceive and count tho votes, upon tho abovo named
proposition which tho committee subsequently
reported as follows:
Whole number of ballots, 7,985
Yes, 7,20(1
No,.779
Mr. E. W. James, of Boston, suggested that
the Directors should consider the matter of a
reduction of the price of fares to two cents per
mile, and tho subject was referred to the Direc
tors.
Mr. Walkcr, of Boston, stated that the real
estate owned by the company in Boston was
worth ten millions of dollars.
The directors of the Boston and Maine road
have practically located their line into the city,
we understand, as follows: They will cross
Fore river on the Rolling Mills bridge or by a
bridge close by it, cross Danfortli street under
grade, as the Maine Central does, and on strik
ing West Commercial street will keep near the
foot of the bank on the north side of the street.
They propose to remove the protection wall,
now being erected by the city at the foot of the
1 bank, back forty feet, giving the railroad com
pany the right of way over the ground thus
taken, and so on, keeping parallel to the north
line of tlie street,crossing Clark, Brackett, State,
Park, and perhaps High streets below grade, U
1 the foot of Union street It is said that the
route will necessitate the destruction of the
Portland distillery, the soap factory of Leathe
Gore, the shovel factory and a large numbei
of the cheap wooden buildings on the norther
ly side of Commercial street east of State. The
Walker House and the old brick mill near i
1 will not be disturbed,as the survey for the tracl
runs in the rear of these buildings. Nogotia
tions for the purchase of the land are under
stood to be in progress, and in ease no amicabl
1 arrangements can be made with the owners o
any of the lots, the County Commissioners wi]
i be called on to adjudicate upon.the dainages.
We believe the plan is no secret, and we giv
t the route as reported by what we regard as goo
authority.
Messrs. F. O. Bailey Co., will sell a
e public auction at Yarmouth this afternoon a
S 3 1-‘2 o’clock the paper mill in that village, be
>r to the bankrupt estate of Wood in a i
l^ittlejobh- The sale is under the directioi
of the assignees, Messjrs, C, P. Mattocks and G
1<J Emery,
An Attractive Picture.—Mr. J. G. Fletch
er lias been at work for two or three years past
on a life size painting of our Saviour, anil has
produced a bust figure, which, as an original
ideal, has already won the unqualified admira
tion of critics here and in Boston. Both in
form and color, and in sentiment and treat
ment, the work is noteworthy. Our Lord is
supposed to be teaching the lesson of the Vine,
and there is an expression of serenity and
sweetness in his face, well described in the letter
of Publius Lentulus, Governor of Judea, sent to
the Roman Senate during the life of Christ.
Mr. Fletcher has not attempted to reproduce
Jhe mysterious sanctity of the old symbolic pic
tures by adding a coronal to the head or bewil
dering subtleties of expression to the face, but
the humanity of Christ looks forth in a natural
and healthful countenance, which at the same
time is irradiated by holy beauty and tender
ness. The picture is tastefully draped and
forms a valuable attraction to Messrs. Schu
macher’s free art gallery.

iniaCEl.LANEOII!t NOTICE!!).
Nothing will please a boy more than a set of
those nice tools enclosed in a nice case, all com
plete, to be found at J. B. Lucas’s. He has
also a good assortment of Sleds, Skates, Knives,
etc., which he will sell you reasonable. Call
and see.
The second of the Mechanics’ Assemblies
takes place this evening at Lancaster Hall.
We have received from Messrs. C. R. Chris
liolin Co., No. 87 of the International Rail
way and Steam Navigation Guide for Decem
ber 1871.
BCftlNEMM NOTICES).
Pictures are framed at Schumacher Broth
ers, in the very neatest manner, from the finest
gold frames to the most simple walnut. Work
manship superior. Prices moderate.
We have just received some very nice hand
Stereoscopes of Polished Bose Wood and Ma
hogany. Very nice for Christmas presents.
Schumacher Bros.
All heads of families and housekeepers who
would consult economy and enjoy a luxury
should purchase the famous Halford Leicester
shire Table Sauce. All good grocers keep it.
Fellows’ Compound Syrup of Hypophos
piiites is prescribed by the first physicians in
every town where it has been introduced, and
it is a thoroughly orthodox preparation.
deci)th-lw
Kidney, bladder and glandular diseases need
no longer be regarded as incurable. The intro
duction of Smolander’s Buchu, which is one
of the perfections of medical science, is now
regularly prescribed for such as well as for all
diseases of the urino-genital organs in either
sex. It is a diuretic solvent and alterative,
and imparts tone and vigor to the whole hu
man frame. decl2-eodlw
The health-restoring properties of Smolan
dbr’s Buchu strengthen and invigorate the
entire system, and remove or counteract kid
ney, bladder and glandular diseases, mental
and physical debility, diabetes, gravel, general
prostration of the nerve structure, and all mala
dies of the urino-genital organs in either sex.
Every one should investigate the merits of this
valuable vcgetatable preparation. dcfl-eodlw
A Cure for Dyspepsia.—It is not often
that we tako greater pleasure in recommend
ing any medical preparation to the use of the
public than in speaking of White’s Specialty
for Dyspepsia, which we know to be an ex
cellent panacea for that most disagreeable dis
ease. It is not a new preparation, but has
stood the test of years and its working has re
ceived the unqualified praise of many eminent
physicians. It is not claimed that it will cure
everything, but it docs claim to be the best
cure for Dyspepsia yet discovered, and this
this claim is substantiated by the testimony of
those who have been benefitted by its use and
whose testimony cannot be gainsaid. Belief is
always obtained from the first use, and a per
manent cure is effected when properly contin"
ued. dcll-4w
Debility, anil despair of ever .recovering the
vigor and mien of manhood we earnestly rec
ommend Dr. Walkers California Vinegar
Bitters. Before they have finished the first
bottle, they will feel the restorative principle
at work in every portion of their broken-down
systems and hope will spring up in their hearts.
No case of Dyspepsia, Billiousness, Intermit
tent Fever, Rheumatism, Gout or kidney dis
ease, can resist this unequalled vegetable tonic
which is unpolluted by any distilled or fer
mented liquor. dec9-dAw
TELEGRAPHIC ITKJIS.
Madame Burns, the New York abortionist,
has been convicted and sentenced to seven years
in the State Prison.
A fire at Hannibal, Mo., on Monday, de
stroyed property valued at $50,000. Insured for
$.'4,000.
The delegates of the New York Internationals
met Gov. Hoffman at Albany, Wednesday, af
ternoon in relation to their proposed parade.
A pail factory at Belmont, N. Y., was burn
ed Wednesday. Loss $40,000.
R. B. Phillips of Princeton, N. J., had his
pocket picked of $9000 in a Broadway, N. Y.,
stage Tuesday.
Government invited offers of a million of
bonds in New York Wednesday morning, but
only $323,700 were'offered at 109 22 to 109.02.
Judge Lynch, who was charged in collusion
with others with abducting a man from his sick
bed in onler to obtain his property, was dis
charged Tuesday in Brooklyn, but policeman
Lyons, the principal in the case, was held for
lierjury.
The Common Council of Trenton have au
thorized the sueing of the sureties of the de
faulting Treasurer, Raurn, who is d«ficieut$10,
000.
A Washington special to the Times says that
Colfax has informed prominent Republicans
thnt he cannot withdraw his refusal to be con
sidered a candidate for reuomination.
Late arrivals from the West Indies state that
vessels passing Turk's Island have been board
ed from there with a request to bring cargoes
in free of duty ns the inhabitants are starving.
It is now stated that Clusent, the communist,
has been in New York since Nov. 17th, and left
Sunday night for Mexico.
The Russian papers received by the steam
ship Java, Wednesday, express great satisfac
tion at the reception of the Grand Duke Alexis
in this oountry, but the German papers ridicule
it.
Murphy Lockhart’s buildings in Jefferson
ville, Texas, containing a number of stores, were
burned Wednesday morning. Loss $1U0,000;
insured for $5li,000.
It is said that the authorities in New Yofk
will revoke their order relative to the interna
tional parade.
New York harbor masters rob commerce of a
million annually.
NKAV IIA 31 PM II IRK.
THE DEMOCRATIC STATE CONVENTION.
Concord, Doc. 13.—The Democratic State
Convention met here to-day. Pending organi
zation resolutions were prepared giving the
party platform. The first advocates the perpe
tuny ui uio e muu, a min t luifuiciiiB m tue
Constitution uml an honest enforcement of the
law. The second, protection of the rights of
uvery citizen in accordance with the fundamen
tal law. The third, opposition to every species
of corruption in all the departments of the
State and National Governments. The fourth,
no privileged classes and no privileged capital.
The fifth, a tariff that raises money for neces
sary expenses of the federal government, and
not for monopolists. The resolves farther de
nounce the establishment of martial law at the
South ns unconstitutional and atrocious, advo
cates reform in the civil service of the govern
ment and reaffirm confidence in Governor Wes
ton, pledging him the support of the party for
re-election.
On re-assembling the convention organized
hy electing E. 1). Rand of Lisbon, President,
with one Vice President from each county.
l*resideut Rand made an extended speech re
viewing the present administration, attacking
it severely and contrasting the records of the
Republican and Democratic. parties. Among
other things he manifested a willingness to join
with the moderate Republicans, Schurz and
Trumbull, or even Horace Greeley in order to
defeat Ku-Klux legislation.
Gov."Weston was renominated by asclam
tion and accepted in a short speech. Hcnr
Colony of Keene, was nominated for Railroa
Commissioner. The resolutions were adopted
and the convention adjourned.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
IMPORTANT REVELATIONS.
New York, Dec. 13.—A Columbus dispatch
states that the government witnesses against
Logan, Foster and Mitchell, charged with con
spiracy against the government, detailed the full
secrets ot the Ku-Klux of South Carolina, and
gave accounts of seven different raids with their
concomitants of rapine,negro whipping and dis
gusting brutality.
Weather Report, Dee. 13, 1'J P. 1|.
War Department, Signal Service, U. S. Army, Di
visions of Telegrams and Reports for the benefit ol
Commerce.
3 -a g
a u S •s
Place p
S "R
of I
g 5
observation. C
g 1 5
V M Q C/2
S3
Boston.29.80 31 KB J,t bijow
Charleston,S.C..30.00 49 Calm Clear
Cheyenne,W. T.29.91 22 NW Fair
F Chicago..30.35 19 NW Clear
c Cleveland.30.13 23 NW Cloudy
Corinne, Utah. .30.57 23 N Fog
Duluth,Minn.. .30.39 7 Calm Cleir
In lianapolis... .30.25 26 NW Clear
i Key West.30.05 67 N Clear
New London—29.77 3fc N Cloudy
1 New Orleans.. .30.00 54 E Lt rain
New York.29.85 36 Calm Cloudy
Norfolk.30.02 41 Calm Clear
t Omaha. .3).39 13 Calm Clear
Pittsburgh.... 90.21 24 NW Fair
Portland.29.90 19 NE Hy snow
San Francisco 30.93 52 Calm Clear
Savannah.30.04 51 Calui Clear
1 Washington... .30.02 38 N Fair
l Wilmington 30.04 40 Calm Clear
Montreal _29.76 21 NE Hy snow
Barometer corrected for temperature and elevation
BY TELEGRAPH.
XLIID CONGRESS-SECOND SESSION.
SENATE.
Washington, Dec. 13.—A bill was passed
providing for a deficiency in the census appro
priation.
Mr. Anthony offered a resolution for a stand
ing investigating committee of seven.
Mr. Trumbull moved to so amend that the
committee be required to report what offices
should be abolished, what salaries reduced, and
have leave to sit during the recess.
Mr. Wilson favored both propositions.
Mr. Thurman favored Mr. TrumbuH’samend
ment as it favored an investigation generally
into the civil service, while Mr. Anthony's res
olution provided for the investigation only of
such things as were referred to it by the Senate.
Mr. Edmunds thought that there* was no need
of such a committee at present, as the adminis
tration was pure and efficient as George Wash
ington’s.
Mr. Thurman (dem.) said many persons
throughout the country would not take the
whitewashing statement of Mr. Edmunds for
the purity and efficiency of the public service,
but would require further evidence.
Mr. Casserly (dem.) contended that the com
mittee proposed by Mr. Anthony would be a
mere nullity, having no power to originate in
vestigations. He had heard of a transaction
connected with one of the highest departments
and a fit subject for investigation, but would
not take it upon himself to move an investiga
tion unless there were a committee like that
proposed by Mr. Trumbull, with power to origi
nate ati investigation.
Mr. Schurz supported Air. Trumbull’s propo
sition. The Senator from Vermont told the Sen
ate that the civil service had improved greatly
under the existing administration, and undoubt
edly it had. Yet in the whole history of the
country of the country it would be difficult or
impossible to find four consecutive months dur
ing which so many defalcations and embezzle
ments by public servants have been brought to
light as the last four months. Most of the cases
had been almost stumbled upon, and, therefore,
it was fair to infer that a careful investigation
would expose a great many more now hidden.
Mr. Schurz said: Gentlemen, I tell you what
ever may be said of the improvements that
have taken place, the people of the United
States are startled at the fr«H|uency and enormi
ty of the disclosures made from day to day. Do
not give vourselves up to any delusions ou the
subject. The American people are on the point
of demanding an honest government, and they
want to have all the means for that object that
are com pat ble with the law. They demand the
..4.1_11.
of any party or any person. It seems to me we
are standing on the threshold of a moral revo
lution, that bids fair to go beyond the over
throw of Tammany, and in that revolution the
science of '‘How n ot to do it,” will he of very
little avail. Neither will cheap declamation
against corruption in the abstract, or against
the sinfulness of sin in general and the beauty
of virtue avail much. We have had enough of
all that. The people will not much longer take
that worthless currency as legal tender. If we
wish to serve the country and command its con
fidence, we will have to make it clear to the
couutry that we hate no party more than we
hate corruption, and that we love no party more
than we love good government.
Mr. Conkliug replied in defence of the purity
of the Republican party, asserting that the tes
timony taken before the committee presents
conclusive evidence that no one at the White
House had any proper connection with the cus
tom house business.
Mr. Morton spoke of the extraordinary purity
of the present administration aud its prompt
ness in punishing dereliction of duty in its offi
cials, and cited the case of Paymaster Hodge.
Mr. Casserly asked whether the Senator from
Indiana could mention any other case of prompt
punishment of a defaulter.
Mr. Morton said he did not remember at that
moment, but he would venture the assertion
t'-at whenever there had been a defalcation
brought to the knowledge of the administration
the defaulter had been punished.
Mr. Casserly—How about Pension Agent
Lawrence and Collector Bailey?
Mr. Morton—They ran away before being
found out.
Mr. Casserly—Is it an evidence of vigilance
for government to let its rascals to get away?
The Democrats of New York did not let Tweed
get away.
Mr. Morton called attention to the fact that
the men who committed defalcations were not
generally of a class that could be weeded out
by any system of civil service reform, because
they were intelligent, accomplished men who
could undergo any examination successfully.
At four o’clock, without reaching a vote, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE.
Mr. Bar ks, of Massachusetts, reported a bill
appropriating §02,000 for the expeuses of the
British American Claims Commission. Re
ferred to the Committee of the Whole.
IMPORTANT MEASURE.
Mr. Hoar, of Massachusetts, from the Com
mittee on Education, reported a bill for the ap
pointment by the President, with the advice of
the Senate, of a commission of three for two
years unless their duties are soouer accomplish
ed to investigate the subject of wages and
hours of lalwr, the division of the joint profits
Ilf I'.llhir mill Ptlliif'.ll liohl'imn I'lkirnpu on.l neni.
talists, and the social, educational and sanitary
condition of the laboring classes of the United
States, and show how the same are affected by
the existing laws regulating commerce, finance
au£ currency; the commissioners to receive a
salary of $3000 each and may employ a clerk.
They shall report the resnlt of their investiga
tions to the President to be transmitted to Con
gress.
Mr. Hoar moved that the bill ho made a
special order for the 10th of January. He said
he proposed to give an opportunity for amend
ments to be presented.
The Speaker stated that the proposition was
that the bill be a special order for January 10th,
to the exclusion of all other orders that day.
Messrs. Wood and Kerrol>jec(*d.
Mr. Hoar then moved to put the bill on the
its passage now.
Mr. Kerr, of Indiana, moved to lay it on the
table.
The Speaker said that Mr. Hoar had the
floor, who proceeded to explain and advocate
the bill. He was sure that the hill when un
derstood would receive almost unanimous ap
probation. There was a erv of discontent from
all parts of the country alia the civilized world
by the laboring classes. In this country the
laboring classes were the State itself, the others
being comparatively so few that they might be
left out, in considering the question who are
the persons whose will should determine the
policy of the country and for whose benefit that
policy should be directed. It was being urged
not oidy by agitators and malcontents, but by
a large anir increasing numlier of the laboring
classes that the existing institutions and law’s
of this country on the subject of tariff, finance,
currency and taxation tended more and more
to give capital on undue share in the joint
profits of the results of labor and capital, and
to deprive labor of its due and proper share.—
The first dirty of legislators in regard to such a
complaint was to provide for a thorough, exact
and regular ascertainment of the fait Con
gress ought not to be afraid of the light; for no
abuse so great, no darkness so profound, no
no prejudice so intense as to require Congress
to cover it with a vail or fear to let the light in
on it. He did not place the bill on the judge
ment or recommendation of the Commissioner
alone. The slight expenditure promised was
due to the judgement of the laboring mm
themselves. The labor party of his own State
last summer had recommended the passage of
this very bill and has although politically op
posed to the Republican party expressed grati
fication and respect for that party in conse
quence of its giving attention to this matter.—
The (Irand International of Workingmen, an
organization which pervaded Europe and which
was making its voice heard and its power felt
everywhere had also asked of Congress this
sjiecial measure. He was not competent to ex
press an opinion on the interesting historical
question of the Commune and of the events
which took place in Haris last summer. The
other side of the story had not been heard, but
one thing was known that there was a cause
in existence and an object in view which led
those working people in Paris, young men
and young women in the morning of life, not
merely from the ignorant and oppressed classes
but from classes of culture, of family ties and
in some cases, of wealth to go down to death
calmly, heroically and cheerfully as ever a
bridegroom went to.the marriage feast; and he
did not believe that a cause winch had inspired
such heroism was a cause which was not en
titled to the respect of the Americana every
where. The International Association of
European and American workingmen had a
title to respect for having established a relation
ship and recognized a kindred among men of
all nations growing out of the common bond of
labor which was greater, more powerful and
more bindiug than any mere national attach
ment or than any tie connecting the subject
with the sovereign. America was the last na
tion that ought to be ungrateful for that sub
xu uio uuritesb utiyo ui
the late civil war when tlie governing classes of
England would have been glad to have joined
the French Emperor in recognizing tlie South
ern Confederacy, they were only prevented
from doing so by the angry growl from the
workingmen of Lancashire, saying to the Eng
lish government, “We love tlie workingmen of
North America a great deal better, we are more
nearly allied in interest and feeling to them
than we are to the aristocracy of England, and
although wo have borne nmnv tilings from you,
one tiling we will not bear that you shall array
the power and might of England against the
cause in which those American workingmen
are engaged.” He held in his hand tlie general
rules and administrative regulations of tlie In
ternational Workingmen’s Association, adopt
ed in Loudon last October by delegates com
prehending tlie leading minds from all civilized
nation of the world. Among other things they
expressed a desire that inqnirv should be insti
tuted in each locality where branches of their
Association existed and that there should be
co-operation especially in the United States, in
ascertaining tlie facts which the pending bill
required to be ascertained.
Mr. Hoar sent to the clerk’s desk and had
read the extracts to which lje referred. He de
sired to avoid anything that should excise polit
ical antagonism. He was sure that a consider
able number of inrtumitiul Democratic mem
bers approved of the purpose of the bill and de
sired the investigation which it contemplated.
In Massachusetts a similar bureau for the in
vestigation of tlie question liad been established
and tlie result of its examination had been
claimed by tlie Democratic party of that State
to show great mistakes and errors in the ad
ministration of the affairs of that State by tlie
Republican party. Whether Unit claim was
right or wrong lie would not now discuss. All
he desired to say was that he welcomed the in
vestigation as cheerfully if its results should be
to show that in all measures to which be had
given his asseqt there lu(d been error as it
should he the reverse. This was a question as
as whether tlie daily lifo of the millions ol
America could be made better. It was a ques
tion too high for party, to sacred to he mingled
with the petty schemes or petty ambition ol
mere politicians.
Mr. Dawes of Massachuselts, said he did noi
rise to debate tlie merits of the measure. H<
regretted that Messrs. Kerr and Wood seemec
not to complain so much of tlie bill not meetiiif
their views as being opposed to its considera
tiou at all. He cliu nut think they representei
tljpir party on this subject, but was surprise!
that gentlemen of sueli ability had not had'thei:
attention called to the fact that no subject wa
looming up in tlie near future that ilemandei
more care from the legislator than the questioi
reconciling labor and cabital. He thought tha’
his friend from Indiana (Kerr) would see upof
due consideration that it was better, instead ol
talking upon polit.es to stop for an hour or twi
aud consider some practical question. The
great question of cooperation, which was devil
oping itself successfully in other countries anil
Weis being introduced into this country, did hoi
seem to have attracted the attention of either ol
these distinguished friends who desired to brush
the whole thing away or put it to sleep. Hi
hoped his friend from Indiana (Kerr) would sei
it to be in his line of duty to withdraw his mo
tion to lay the bill on the table, and either con
sent to having a single day set apart for its con
sideration or else permit its passage now. Mr.
Hoar next yielded the floor to Mr. Shanks ot
Indiana, but Mr. Kerr rose and said, “Thestati
inents made on thtxother side have been so ex
traordinary, so unjust aud fallacious in all re
speots that we on this side of the House ought
to have at least an opportunity to answer.”
Mr. Hoar—“No gentleman on that side of
the House expressed any desire to speak ou tha
hill pro or con, except one gentleman, a mem
ber of the committee (Mr. Neely), whose re
quest was communicated to me a week ago. I
am certainly desirous of allowing the tulle.-1
debate that will be agreeable to the House, and
of giving a full share of the time to gentlemen
on the other side.
Mr. Kerr (interruptingly.) “The gentle
mans sinoerity would appear much better if he
would give us a little time now, just a little.”
Mr. Hoar—I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. Kerr—1 am iu older.
Mr. Hoar—The gentleman from Indiana de
sires to have the bill laid on the table and thus
disposed of without any debate at all. That is
the only manifestation that the gentleman has
shown abuut it, aud if the gentleman will now
igree to take the question on this bill any fixed
hour to-morrow, I will consent to it aud will
consent to divide the time with the gentleman
of that side of the House.
Mr. .Kerr—I will agree to nothing; I have
been attacked by the gentleman from Massa
chusetts (Hoar) and his colleague.
Dawes—I want to answer them and I am en
titled to answer them.
Mr. Campbell made a point of order that the
gentleman from Mass. (Hoar) having finished
his remarks had no right to yield the floor to
any particular member but should resume his
seat aud let the speaker assign the floor under
ordinary parliamentary rules.
The speaker overruled the point of order on
the ground that both the usage and rules of the
House allowed a member who was entitle,1 to
the floor an hour to yield a portiou of his time
to other members.
Mr. Shanks (Rep.) took the floor and remark
ed that he had last Monday introduced a bill to
establish a bureau of labor. He believed the
time had come when the relation Ubtween la
bor and capital should be investigated. He fa
vored the pending bill though he preferred his
own measure. The edict of the American people
had goue forth and the legislative department
should take care of labor and see that it should
not be wronged by capital of the country. He
hoped the bill would pass.
Sir. Kelly, (Itep.) of Pennsylvania, express
ed gratitude to Mr. Hoar for having brought
the subject before the House. The failure to
adopt such a measure had deprived England of
her national prestige and threatened her with
revolution. It was the failure of the French
Imperial government to recognize this question
that lighted the fires of the Commune. It was
the failure to recognize this question that had
arrayed the young men of Germany and Europe
in hostility to the church and throne. Parli
mentary inquiry in England showed that among
the laboring people of that country, a majority
was in want of a healthful and sufficient food
from year to year. It was for want of recog
nizing this question that England was becom
ing a land of drunkeness. He held, therefore,
that Congress should authorize the appointment
of a proper commission. The government
could not afford to permit the laboring people
of any portion of the country to fall into the
condition of the laboring people of England,
France, Austria or Belgium. Congress should
look to it that they whose skill and toil open
the miues and coal banks, and convert ores into
metals and into all forms of vitality and beauty,
those who shear sheep, wash the wool and spin
and weave it, those who covert an apparently
arid field into cotton and all its useful and
beautiful fabrics, shall not live in ignorance
nor die in want. Their toil and the resources
of capital were quite euough to banish poverty
from the laud, except as the result of intem
perance.
Mr. Storm (dem.) regretted that any opposi
tion had been made to the bill. He regarded it
simply as providing for an investigation. The
laboring classes were rising up in rebellion
against the system of class legislation. It was
the enactment of unjust and unequal laws that
arrayed laboring classes of the country in op
position to the capital of the country, and he
was in favor of an investigation that would go
to show that the government, in the enactment
of its tariff laws and the giving away of public
lflnds, and in its national uanking system, had
been legislating against the interests of the la
During classes anil in tavor of capitalists. He
was not willing that on this question the Re
publican side of the House should steal all the
thunder. He thought his friends on his own
side of the House should put themselves on a
square record in the matter. They always have
been cqnsistent friends of the laboring classes,
and he hoped that they would prove themselves
so to-day.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. Hoar
remarked that his purpose was that there should
he such a debate ou the bill as the House desir
ed. He would not move the previous question
fur at least an hour.
The Sjieaker stated that the apportionment
bill, which was now to come up, would be fol
lowed by two appropriation bills, reported from
the Committee ou Foreign AfTairs.
Mr. Banks moved to amend the bill by re
quiring that the three commissioners be appoint
ed from civil life.
Mr. Killitiger (Rep.) moved an amendment
requiring at least that one commissioner be
practicably identified with the mining interests
of the country. The bill and amendments were
ordered to lie printed.
Rills for appropriating $2,000,000 for a Post
Oftieo and Custom House at Chicago and $250-,
000 for like buildings at St. Louis were reported.
The apportionment hill was then considered
in Committee of the Whole. The committee
rose without action.
Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania, reported a
new rule, providing for the appointment of a
territorial delegate on the Committee of Terri
tories and a District of Columbia delegate on
the Committee of the District. Such delegates,
however, are not to have a vote. It was dis
cussed till the adjournment.
WASHINGTON.
THE RF.TUENCHMENT COMMITTEE.
Washington, Dec, 13.—The Republican Sen
ators were in caucus this forenoon two hours.—
The result of their deliberation was that a
committee on retrenchment be appointed the
same as other committees, but not jointly with
the House nor with the powers as contemplat
ed in Mr. Trumbull’s resolution.
MINISTER SCHENCK.
The Chronicle says that Gen. Schcnck lues
asked to bo relieved' and to have a successor ap
pointed.
NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR REBELS.
Tlie United States and British Commission
commenced its session to-day. In the case of
John Holmes Hannn vs. the Uuited States,
number two, the commissioners decide that the
United States cannot be held liable for injuries
caused by the acts of rebels.
MASSACHUSETTS.
ALEXIS.
Boston, Dec. 13.—To-day Alexis visited
Quincy Market and other places in a quiet way.
He leaves to-morrow at 9 a. m., for Montreal.
terrible tragedy.
Yesterday, in Littleton, Mass., Patrick Hat
ing shot Ills wife three times with a revolver
and afterwards shot himself. The act was com
mitted in the presence of their four young chil
dren. Roth were living this morning but with
no hopes of recovery. Cause domestic diffi
culty. Roth aged about 35.
NEW YORK.
THE LATEST BANK FAILURE.
New York, Dec. 13.—It is stated that on in
vestigation the affairs of tho Ocean National
Rank, the only assets found in the bank wore
IMMI nf wllil'll (inn I'lliU'L'u Ilf tlm
United States Bank Examiner Callendar cov
ered by various stocks at the West, entirely un
known in this market,and comparatively worth
less. The 873,000 advanced to Callender were
used to build a canal in Michigan. Tho receiv
er promises a statement to-day.
REMOVAL OF THE DANK EXAMINER.
The Clearing House Association lias resolved
that the Bank Examiner, Collendcr, lias ceased
to command the confidence of the banks and
ask tho Comptroller of the Currency to appoint
a competent man in his stead.
FIRE.
The buildings of the Franklin Manufactur
ing Company, on Mill street, Patterson, N, J.,
were burned this morning. Loss 8130,000.
ANOTHER QUEER JURA.
The jury in the case of Mrs. Madden vs. the
owners of the steamer Westfield were unable
ui agree and were ordered to bring in a sealed
verdict in the morning.
PENNSYLVANIA.
THE UNION LEAGUE.
Philadelphia, Dec. 13.—The National Ex
ecutive Committee of the Union League of
America met to-day. An able disoourse was
delivered bv Gov. Geary, in which lie particu
larly warned the Republican party against the
passive policy now proclaimed by the Demo
cratic party, which lie said was a snare. The
national officers were re-elected for the next
year. A series of resolutions were adopted
heartily endorsing the administration of Grant,
and pledging the Union League to sustain tire
Republican nominee for President in 1873, who
ever he may be.
ILLINOIS.
CHARGE OF FRAUD.
Chicago, Dec. 13.—It is asserted by several
city journals that several, if not all,' the per
sons appoi nted to office by the Common Coun
cil on Monday night, wore approached by aider
men and required to give a money consideration
for success. Several unsuccessful candidates
make a public statement declaring their will
ingness to make affidavits of tiro fact that
money was demanded of them by aldermen and
on their declining were emphatically told they
could not have the places, The papers demand
an Investigation,
CALIFORNIA.
THE SENATORIAL CAUCUS.
San Francisco, Doc. 14.—The Republieai:
legislative caucus nominated A. A. Sargent foi
the United States Sennte by 54 votes, 13 foi
cole and all others 5.
meteorological.
SYNOPSIS OF WEATHER REPORTS FOR THE PAW
TWENTY-POUR HCIL’BS.
War Drp't, Officb Chibf Signal)
Officer, Washington, D. 0.,
Dec. 13 (7.00 P. M.) I
The barometer will probably rise througlmu
the Missouri Valley but will fall on Tliursda;
on the gulf coast. Cloudy weaeher will prob
ably prevail from Kentucky north ami east
ward with snow to-night from Maryland t<
Maiue. The lowest barometer will advauci
northeastward over New England, preceded h;
increasing easterly winds and followed oi
Thursday by fresh northwest winds and cjogd
weather in' the Middle and Eastern State?
Cloudy weather W’ill continue oil the gulf cousl
gud partially cloudy weather and rising tem
perature in the interior of the gulf and South
1 eru States. Cautionary signals will continu
at Cape May, New York, Oswego aud Rochei
1 ter.
FOREIGNT.
GREAT BRITAIN.
A STRANGE PURPOSE.
London, Dec. 13.—'There is a feeling in some
circles that the official bulletins have represent
ed the case of the Prince of Wales worse than
it really is, in order to arouse sympathy for the
Prince and make him popular.
NO IMPROVEMENT IN HIS CASE.
London, Dec. 13.—Ttco o’clock, P. 3/.—The
hopes raised by the slightly more favorable ad
vices from Sandringham yesterday are hardly
borne out to-day. Official bulletins given be
low show nothing favoring and their effect is
not favorable on Change.
Sandringham, Dec. 13.—8 A. M.—The Prince
passed a restless night and there is no improve
ment in his condition.
Son Irin /ham, noon.—The condition of the
Pr n e at this hour is unchanged.
J on Ion, Four o’clock.— An extra of the Times
lias a dispatch from King’s Lynn, near Sand
riugham, which says there has been no such
restoration of the first stages of convalesence
in the case of the Prince of Wales as might
hav e. been expected.
San iri/ g i im, Dec. 13, 5. p. m.—The Prince
has be n unquiet all the afternoon. The gravi
ty of the symptoms is unabated.
London, J)cc. 13, 11 p. m.—A bulletin issued
from Sandringham 10 p. m., says the Prince of
Wales passed a 1« s; unquiet evening. Unoffi
cial despatches from Sandringham* however,
are unfavorable. The lung symptoms are re
ported more distressing.
London, Dec. 14—3 A. M.—An official dis
patch from Sandringham, dated 1 o’clock this
morning, says that the Prince of Wales. There
is no increase of exhaustion and ho has had
some sleep.
RUSSIA.
A FIGHT IN HIGH LIFE.
Pc<tla~A special to the Standard
from St Petersburg, states that yesterday the
Czarowitoh Alexander became involved in a
private dispute with Prince Ueheusa, Minister
of the German Umpire to Russia. The pas
sions of both were aroused and the Czarowitoh
so fur forgot himself as to make a personal as
sault on the Ambassador. Friends interfered
and the parties were separated. There is much
excitement caustxi by the incident and it is
feared that the consequences will be grave
although there is no reason to apprehend any
interruption of the good relations between Rus
sia and Uermany, as the quarrel is believed to
lui tvllilllv iif n nri \0|G. elm p.mt.ie
[The Czarowitch is tho oldest son of Alexan
dra and heir to his throne. J
MEXICO.
TUB MEXICAN BEV( L'JTION.
Matamoras, Dec. 12.—The result of a con
ference between Generals Palacios and Cortina
and the government treasurer is a call upon
merchants fsr a loan of $«0,000. All of the
merchants have refused to subscribe. Cortina
is supposed to be in league with the insurgents
and serious trouble is apprehended. Ameri
cans do not fear the enforcement of tho order
owing to their proximity to Fort Brown. There
are no funds in the treasury to pay the soldiers.
Gen. Palacios is also isolated.
There arc rumors that Tula has pronounced
in favor of Diaz which stops the only road that
was open from this place to the capital.
Gen. Quiroga has left Monterey for Micrwitli
a number of cavalry and may reach the latter
place in two days. Gen. Trevino will follow
with a portion of his army and it is expected
that he will try to reach this place.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
NEW RAILWAY COMPANY.
Halifax, N. S., Dec. 13.—In the western
counties a railway company was organized at
Yarmouth yesterday to extend a railway from
Annapolis to Yarmouth, that being the nearest
point to tho United States.
Foreign Hems.
A Havana dispatch says that 3200 insurgents
have surrendered and signed a document, stat
ing that the revolution is a failure and pledging
their adhesion to the Spanish throne. During
the year 10,000 insurgents have surrendered.
A Madrid dispatch says there is a rumor of
an approaching ministerial crisis and the disso
lution of the Cortes is imminent.
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
Review of Portland Markets.
Week Espino Dec. 13, 1871.
Business lias been rather light during the week in
the wholesale departments, and will so continue until
after the advent of the new year. In the meantime
jobbers will lake an occouut of stocks and ascertain
how they stand compared with tho first of last Jan
uary. Tltc change in prices tills week is very trilling.
The money market continues to be rather tight.
U. S. securities are buoyant and higher tliau they
were last week. Gold is lower. The highest point
touched during tho week was on Friday, when it
sold at U0J. Tuesday it sold at 109jn;l09j and on
Wednesday, (13th) at 109|£109}.
APPLES—There are plenty of apples, such as they
quality is not so good as is desired. Very little Maine
winter fruit has been brought in. Some choice Cana
da fruit has been brought here. Prices range from
$3 to $5 per bbl, according to quality. Dried apples
are scarce.
ASHES—Our quotations are unaltered. The busi
ness transactions are light.
IJEANS—The market is firm for Eastern, hand
picked beaus, and the prices are fully maintained.
There is not a large supply in market. Western
beaus cau be purchased at lower rules.
BOX SHOOKS—We quote them at 70c, but sales
have bocu ma ie at little lower price. There are not
many in the market and the demand is rather lim
ited.
BREAD—There is a Rteady though moderate de
mand tor all kinds of hard bread.
BUTTER—The market is pretty well supplied.
Tubs of prime Vermont table butler couimaud 35c.
For common to fair 25®30e are tlie prices asked.
Farmers get 3o «*33c for boxes from their wagons.
CHEESE—The market is firm at our advanced quo
ta, tons of last week.
COAL—Prices are unchanged. Dealers are deliv
ering the best qualities at $9 00. Tne prospect now
is that there will be no further advance.
COUDAG'E—The transactions are light. No change
in prices.
COOPERAGE—The demand is light anl there is
but little business doing.
COFFEE—There is no change in prices and trans
actions arc rather limited.
DRUGS AND DYES—Oifr quotations are un
changed. except on opium, which is a little lower.
The business has been rather light.
DRY GOODS—Wo make no change in our quota
tions. The market for woolen goods is very firm for
all staple articles, and the sales have been very large.
The recent advance on raw coltou makes the market
very firm for manufactured goods.
DUCK—Prices of Portland manufacture are steady
with a good demaud. The products are taken up
abrut as fast os they can bo turned out of the mill.
FISH—There have been no receipts or carg> sales
of any consequence during the past week, me sea
son having closed. We note with pleasure the re
newal of shipments from this (K>rt to foreign ports,
especially tlie West Indies, some 200 drums having
been shipped direct to Porto ltioo. There is no
change iu prices, except on Pollock, which are un
us tally scarce, more so Lliau for a number of years
past.
FLOUR—The market is quiet and there Is no im
provement to note. Prices of choice bran Is are very
firm, and sales are only made in small lots. The de
maud for the lower grades has s >mcwhat fullcu ott.
FRUIT—Raisins are a little higher. Lemons are
selling at $4 75 5 50 per box. Onuigrs are not plen
ty en >ugh to give quotations. There are some Cuba
and Valencias in the market, the former selling at
$2£3 (*er hundred, the latter at $10 per case
GRAIN—Corn is hardly as firm as It was last week
an l we quote mixed at !XKj£9tc and yellow at 92(g.93c.
Oatl are firm at 57(jg$0c, and shorts at $32^35 per
ton.
HAY—On the stand for tlie past few days loose hay
lias been selling at $3<kc£35. For pressed hay dealers
decline paying more than $30 (>er ton.
IRON—We advance our ((notations for common,
refined and Swedish. The market is very firm and
the tendency Is still up wal'd.
hAKD—The market is very dull. Our quotations
are uuaitored, but prices favor largo purchasers.
LEATHER—The market is firm for all kinds, with
a moderate demand.
LIME—Rockland is very firm at $1 25S>1 30 i>
cask.
LUMBER—Tlie market is quiet with a fair demand.
Prices are without chango.
MOLASSES—The market Is quiet. Tho stock in
first hands is uot more than 300 hhds, but the grocers
have a good supply for their customers. Prices are
very firm.
NAILS—Nalls nre steady at the recent advanced
rates of $4G5(tor keg for .ass >rtod sizes, which in
clude from lOd to 60d. For sizes smaller than lOd an
advance from 25 to 75c is charged.
NAVAL STORES—Tim rorent iuIvuiva 1m fullv
maintained, but tlie transactions are not large.
OILS—Portland kerosenes are steady at 29$34c,
with a good demand. Linseed is dull, and selling at
75$;S0c. For sperm and whale oils the market is
rattier unsettled. Fish oils are dull.
PAINTS—There is no change iu the market for
lea Is. The demand is fair.
PLASTER—Onr quotations are advanced to §2 50
for hard and $2 73 for soft, per ton. The sudden cold
weather froze up a number of vessels loaded with
plaster for this i>ort.
PRODUCE—Tho market is rather dull. Potatoes
are very plenty nud selling at 45^r)53c; onions §2 50
2 75 per bbl; eggs 31m}32c per dozen in large lotsl
sweet potatoes St 50 per bbl: cranberries $10^11
per bbl. Poultry is plenty and lower. Chickens uro
selling at 8@14c lb; turkies H&lSc per lb. Cider
is selling at 23$j'27o i»er gallon.
PROVISIONS—There is a steady but moderate de
man i for beef, and the market is very firm. Tho de
mand for pork is moderate and the market is rather
firmer than it has been.
RICE—Tho market is firm an l pricos have ad
vanced.
SALT—The market is very Ann for coarse salt.
Recent arrivals have stocked the market pretty well,
and enabled the fanners to lay iu their supplies.
SUGARS—Tho market is without change, We
quote Forest City granulated at 12$ 01123c, and coffee
crushed at lljJfr-Tzic, according to grade. Forest
City syrups are sclliug at dO^GOe per gallon.
SPICES—There has been a good demand for all
kinds of spices. Prices are firm.
IRAS Tho market is quiet with no change in
prices.
TIN—Tho market is vory firm both for pig anti
plate tins, an l our quotations are fully maintained.
WOOL—The market is very firm an i the tendency
is decidedly upward, as the sN»ck of desirable fleeces
is beiug rapidly reduced. The demand dining the
week has beeu quite active, an l large aales have oceu
made both of foreign and domestic at full prices.
FREIGHTS—There is no mprovemont, and freights
to Cuba are lower. There Is some cooperage to go
forward but tho rates are not satisfactory to ship
owners, The engagements for the week are the fol
lowing: Barks Mary Pratt and Woodside, hence to
Buenos Ayres, at $17 gold for lumber; sell E. M.
Sawyer, hence to Porto Rico, at the round sum of
•8600 out; bcU Grace Webster, hence to Cardenas, at
the round sum of $1200 out; brigJ. W. Spencer,
hence to N. Side Cuba, on p. t.; brig Mary E. Mai ri
tier, hence to Matanzas at 18c f »r box shook* and 52c
per bbl for potatoes; brig Earnest is loading for Ri)
Grande, by tbo owners. Messrs. R. Lewis Co.
Coastwise freights are dull. The rate for lumber to
New York is $3. Brig Johanna was taken for Mo
bile at 87 for hay and 35c for bbls.
Foreign Export*.
ST. JOHN, NB. Sc.li Snow Bird—000 bbls. flour,
10U do oatmeal, 10 tons gruo, 166 green hides.
Receipt* by Railroad* nud Steamboat*.
Grand Trunk Railway—240 cans milk, 701 bbls
flour, 86 wheelbarrows, 2 cars hay, 7 do lumber, 1 do
sheep, 2 do laths, 3 do potatoes, 1 do wheat 4 do
staren, 1 do ashes, l do ftming, 1 do cattle, 3 do’bark
2 do sundries; for Lower Provinces—1300 bbls flour’
1 car grue, 3 do sundries; for Alluu Steamers—56 cars
freight.
S team er Montreal from Boston—474 bbls flour
4 crates and 2 bugs crockery ware, 6u kegs lead, 12
cases an»l 12 bales domestics, 8 hay cutters, 5 hbds
molasses, 1 safe, 5 bales gumbia, 40 IhIIh tarred paper,
20 bags logwood, 107 boxes glass, 4 casks oil, 4 bbls
and 10 bags oysters, 5 sewing machines, 30 dressed
r hogs, 100 pkgs iq order t for Canada aud up country—
i 21 empty bbfs, 48 bales marline,loo bales rags. 6 casks
oil, 10 buls cmdr stock, GU bdls leather, 23 bbls flour,
lull hides, 75 pkgs to older.
Steamer Franconia from New York—1000 dry
hides, 306 elk do, 80 bales rags 6 do burlaps, 120 hall
chests lea, 140 casks giucas, 46 do linseed oil, 0 du
bleaching powder*, 6 do skins, 25 bars iron. 10 plates
3 do, Go lulls do, 100 do paper liangiugl, dUQ bonus rais
ins, 100 do soap, 40 do starch, 3u do salcratus, 23 do
hardware, 30 do drugs, 75 do Ur plates, 50 do tobacco,
19 do skins, 40 bbls whiting, 26 do glassware, 7 do oys
ters, 8 rolls carpeting, 8 pianos, 200 pks sundries.
New York Mfork nud Money Market.
New Yo&k, Doc. 13—Atorning.—Gold loy}. Money
7 per cent. Sterling Exchange toy} loitf. Stocks
strong an l active. State Stocks steady.
The following are the forenoon quotations of South
ern securities:
Tennessee 6’s. new.
Virginia 6’s, new. e7*
Missouri 6’s...!.!!.
Louisiana 6’s, old. c t*
Louisiana 6’s, new.!!*.*!! 50
Alabama 5’s. m
tieorgia 7’s.!!!!!!!!!!’ «2
North Carolina 6’s. new. 15
South Carolina 6’s, new. 30}
were the quotations for Union Pacific
securities:
Central P.u lfto bonds. try*
Union Paeitic do..
Union Paeitic stock...!'. or*
Union Pacliic Inn I grants """""I"""""" vj
Union Paeitic income bonds. 81}
7 Mr ^nt°B!n Money easy at 5@
ii 1 :c Broadway Bank calls iu several mil
llil|SJ|)ile, e7!1 City avenue b .n Is, but the ra >ney
will all be paid out ag tin on Friday. The Trea>ury
hxsp.d lout $480,UUO iu Goldin redemption of 5-20
bon is, making a total of $l8,580,w;o. The Treasury
bought only 13,000 of Governments at par in Gold
Sterling Exchange dull at 100 <a) 100}. Gold dull at
10*1} (a; loy}; carrying rutes 5(^7 i»er cent. The
clearances am *uuie i to $50,00u,000. Governments
8jf',,n3 urnl higher. State securities quiet an-1 steady.
The following are thefclosing quotations of Govern
m nt securities:
United States coupon 6*s, 1S31.1171
United States 5-20’s 1862.lluj
Uuited States 5-20’s 1864.110}
United States 5-2o’s 1865, old Ill*
Uuited Stales 5-20’s 1865, new.1134
United States 5-2'i’s 1S67..•.115}
United States 5-2o’s 1868.gfr..115|
United States lo-4o’a., coupon.lufig
Currency 6’s.113}
Stocks lirm and higher, tho advance ranging from
to 1} i>erceiit. Paeitic Mail and Western Union
Telegraph were except ionabiy active, the former ad
vancing 1} an l tho latter 1 i»er cent. Tho advance iu
the general list was to per cent.
Si kT Were ttie closing quotations of
Western Union Telegraph Co.
Pacific Mail.5U|
N. Y. Central and Hudson Hiver consoli lated...! 93
N. Y. Central ;wd Hudson River consoli.laied sen 87*
Harlem.III11II11II11.,S
Hurlem preferred. .i^t
Rev ling.* .,7..
Miehigin Central.*.*’’*’*".
hnke ?,)Vro Michigan Southern. yi|
Uliii'is Central. .X.'1
Cleveland Pittsburg. v
Chicago Sc North Western.61*
Chicago Northwestern preferred...... g*tl
Chicago Rock Island.' 104
Milwuukie& St. Paul. 531
Milwaukie A St. Paul preferred. 77I
Pittsburg Sc Fort Wayne. £6}
uomrnuc .Tiarket*.
Gloucester Fish Market, f«*r the week ending
Dec. 13.—George’s Codfish in light stock with a dull
market; we noilce sales at 4 86$ to 5 00 quintal.
Mackerel—market continues dull; light sales of Bays
at 11 50 to 12 00 bbl for l’a and 8 5o to 0 00 for 2’■;
last sales of Sh 4 at 15 50 to 16 00 bbl for l’s and
10 00 for 2*s. Smoked Hallibut—Stock light and mar
ket firm; sales yesti 'arat 12c lb. Oil—Iu small
supply anil little doiug: -vj quote at 55c gal.
New York.Dec. 13—Evening.—Cotton unchanged;
sales 2031 bales; Middling uplands 20Jo. Flour dull
and heavy; sales 740 bbls.; State 5 85 to 7 10; round
hoop Ohio 6 55 to 7 35; Western 5 85 to 7 25; Southern
6 80 to 25. Wheat dull and heavy; sales 21,000 bush;
No 2 Spring 1 51 to l 51; Winter Bed Western l 58$ to
160; White Miehigan 1.65 to l 67- Com dull and
heavy; sales 51,000 bush; new Mixed Western 17$ to
■J7$e; old do 78 to 784c. O its a shade lower; sales 27,
Oeu bush at 55$ to 56$c. Beef steady. Pork quiet ami
steady; new mews 15 00; old do 13 50 to 13 62. Lard
steady at 0$ to 0Je. Butter steady. Whiskey heavy
and lower at *8$ to 90$c. Rice firm at 8| (to 9«. Su
gar quiet; Muscovado 9to 10c; refining OtoOfc
Coffee uuiet and firm; Rio 17J to20c. Molasses firm;
New Orleans 48toS7e. Naval Stores—Spirits Tur
pentine firm at 65$ (to G6$c; Rosin quiet at 4 85 (to 4 90
for strained. PetroTeum firm; crude 13fe; refinetp
29} to 24c. Tallow active at 9 9$c. Wool quiet
and very firm; pulled 57 (g £2$c. Linseed very firm
at 2 05 Gold.
Freights to Liverpool firmer Cotton per sail 7 3-32
9-32d; Cora per steam 7d; Wheat per sail 7$d.
Chicago, Dec. 13.—Flour unchanged. Wheat dull
aftd a shade lower No 1 Spring at 125; No 2 do
1 19|. Corn quiet and unchanged. Oats drooping;
No 2 at 32c; rejected 28$ to 2i*$c. Rye unchanged.
Barley firm; No 2 Spring 62 62$c. Pork opened
firm and closed dull at 13 20 for moss. Lard in fair
demand and advanced at tjc. Green meats firm;
hams G$ (to He; shoulders 4*c; short ribs 5$(to5|<-c;
short clear middles 5J (a t>0e. Bulk meats firmer;
shoulders 4$ to 4$c; short rib middles 6 to 64c; short
clear do 6J (to 6$c. Live Hogs active and higher at
4 00 4 30; dressed do 4 86 to 00. Whiskey weak
at file.
Receipts—4,000 bbls flsur, 27.000 bush wheat, 123.
000 bush corn. 34,000 bush oats, 40,000 bush rye, 15,000
bush barley, 18,000 hogs.
Shipments—4.000 bbls flour, 1,000 bush wheat, 3,000
bush corn, 3,000 bush oats, 1,000 bush rye, 2,000 bush
barley, 5,000 liogs.
Toledo, Doc. 13.—Flour unchanged. Wheat un
changed No 2 Red 1 36 to 1 37. Corn a shade low’er;
mixed 50p. Oats a shade lower; No 1 at 4lc; No 2 at
40c.
Milwaukee, Dec. 13.—Flour unchanged. Wheat
steady; No 1 at 123; No 2 at 120. Oats steady;
No 2 at 32lc. Com dull and firm; No 2 Mixed 4l$e.
Rye firm; No 1 at 65c. Barley active; No 2 Fall at
scelpt*—4,000 bbls flour, 30,000 bush wheat.
Shipments—1,000 bbls flour.
ST. Louis, Deo. 43.—FI ur quiet. Wheat dull and
lower; No 2 Spring offered freely at 1 28; sales of No
2 red Fall at 1 47. Corn easier: Mixed on irnrk
Oats dull and drooping; rejected in elevator 34c._
Pork In aettvo si>eculutive demand at 13 25 cash.—
Dry suited meats quiet; loose clear rib (kies, 6c.
Green meats tlrm; shoulders 4c; clear rib 5c. Bacon
unchanged. Lard tlrm at 8}c for strictly prime.
Cincinnati, Doc. 13.—Pork quiet and Arm at 13 75
HUH. Ltud dull ami firm, asking USaJojc; offer
ing Jc less. Bulk m,tats dull an 1 unchanged. Bteon
drooping; shoulders 7it:; sates 7} 7je. Live Hogs
drooping at 4 45 4 70; rooeitits 13.000 head; total
number packed to time 303,000 against 244,000 last
season. Whiskey steady.
Charleston, Dec. 13.—Cotton easy; Middling up
lands 10 <e tide.
Savannah, Dee. 13.—Cottbn upward; Middling
upands tide.
Mouile, Dec. 13.—Cotton heavy; Middling uplands
191c.
New Orleans, Doc. 13.—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands luje.
K tropean iUnrbets.
London. Dec. t i—11.30 A. M.—Consols 921 lbr
money and aecounl.
American Securities U. S. 5-20’s 1962,924; do 1865.
old, 93S; do 1667, 96J; V. S. 10-4o’s, 90j.
Frankfort, Dee. 13.—United States 5-20’s, 1962,
97 (S 9*J.
Liverpool, Dec 13.—10.30 A. M.—Cotton strong;
Middlin'' uplands lOtl; do Orleans 10{d; sales 15.900
bales. Thu sales yesterday reacued 21,000 bales.
London. Doc.3 1—1.30 P. M.—Consols 924 for money
and ace"tint.
Liverpool, Dec. 13—1.30 P. M.—Cotton arm;
ales 20.000 bales.
London, Doe. 13—4.30 P. M.—Consols closed at 924
for motioy and account.
American Seeuri1 ies— U. S. 5-20’s 1S62. 921: do 1963
old. 03J; do 1867, WSJ; do 10-40’s, Oil. 1
Paris, Dec. 13—4.30 P. M.—Rentes closed at 56f.
90c.
Liverpool, Dec. 13—4.30 P. M.-Cotton close.!
strong; Middling uplands lod; do Orleans iOJd; sales
20,000 bales.
Antwerp, Dec. 13-4.20 P. M.—Petroleum closed
at 49f.
ENTERTAINMENTS.
FLUENT 11 1,1.7
GREAT SUCCESS
FIFTH WEEK!
WEDNESDAY EVE'G, DEC. 13th,
AND THREE FOLLOWING NIGHTS.
must Amusing, Exciting ssd Astonishing
Experiments, ever performed upon s public plat
form.
PROF. STONE
Will continue hh MARVELOUS and MIRTH TRO
VDKING EXPERIMENTS ujion por-ons iu a PER
FECTLY WAKEFUL STATE, on the a jo vo evuu
and each night
tOO MAGNIFICENT PRESENTS
-WILL BG
GIVEN AWAY
TO THK AUDIENCE!
—INCLUDING—
Gold Watches!
Chamber Sets Furniture!
BARBELS OF FLOUR
l,n<lirN* Ahawla, DrtM Pattern*, Photo
graph Album*, Silver FIcrtro Tea aud
Coffer Service*, Beautiful Toy*,
Fancy Good*, See.
Parents, take your Children. They will be both
amused, and supplied gratis with Holiday Presents.
Husbands, take your Wives to this highly respect
able Entertainment.
You no Gentlemen, take your Lady Friends to
witness the marvelous phenomena of Electro-Biology,
aud secure some of the beautiful preseuts distributed
each uight.
Go One and All, Old and Youngs
TO FLUENT HALL.
Admission (only) 35 cents; Reserved Seats 50 cents.
Children under 12, to Second Seats 15 cents; Re
served Seals, 25 cents.
Doors open at 7 o’clock; to commence at 8.
dcl3d3t
L E V E E
THE LADIES OF THE
UNIVERSALIS! SEWING CIRCLE,
S T E V E N S’ PLAINS,
"Will hold a Levee iu the
VESTBY OF T1IH CBDBCB.
WEDNESDAY EVE’G, DEC. 20th.
A Tuble fir the wile of Fancy Article,, a Children’.
Table and a Kitchen Table will bo provided.
Kcfrcshmem, ns usual.
A Char ole aud Short Drama, to be followed bv
Gypsy Scene, will be among the nitracliuna of the
evening.
Manic By Chandler.
An extra Car will return to the City at the close ol
the entertainment,.
Tickets of Admission, 25 cents; Children under 12,
10 cents. Doors o .*en at 6 o’clock. del ltd
D NCING.
MR. A. B. HER,
Will commence his second term for instruction in
Dancing for Young Ladles, Masters and Misses, at
his Academy, corner of Brown and Congress sts.. on
Wednesday, Dec. 13th at half past 2 o*cl'M* in the
afternoon, and continue every WEDNESDAY and
SATURDAY.
N. B.—At the close of this term, Mr. Gee will give
this school a Social Party in City Hall, with Chand
ler’s Full Band,
A ssemldy every Monday Evening. For part iculari
apply at the Hall. n >30dtt
Sealed Proposals
WILL be received for building a Masonic Hall a1
Yarmouth Corner until December 25th at v
o’clock A. M. ai 14
Plans and sj>eciflcaMons can bo obtained of tl o nn
dondgued at hi, dwelling houw>. The commi tvo r”
servo the right to reject any or all bids.
Per order of the Building Oommi«ee”REYS'
YABJioUTH.Dec. 13. mi. i,td
ENTERT A l N M ENTS.
Army Navy CoajrW.
FIFTH KNTKKTAINMBNT.
Thursday Evening, Dec. I Mi,
LECTURE BY
ANNA E. DICKINSON.
u»^ri?r? °^cn at Concert by the Portland Bind
Ele-If r W* Evening Tiekew cents; kg
»f ir c"’*>a® 1 ac th‘‘ Muaitf 81
of Ira C. Stock bridge and Hawes Cragin. dolltd
MUSI C IT A LL
Hakaoeiu.Bidwell A WiLicnisoa
FOR POSITIVELY 3 NIGHTS ONLY
Thursday A Friday, Dec. 14 and 15
Tho Star of the East,
DOLUE BIDWELL,
Supported by the popular young Actor
WALLACE BRITTOX.
The Favorite Comic Artis's
CIIARL.IK and ULUK DIEKINNON,
Bidwell A Wilkins >n’s full Company of 20 artists, la
new sensati ns.
See Bills of iho Day. ded 4t
ST. STEPHEN S”
CHRISTMAS SALE!.
The Ladies of St. Stephen’s Parish, will h Id their
Annual Christmas Salk, at the lb*m»s of ih«
Y«as| .Urn’s Christian Asaarinfloa, on
Thu rainy, Dec. II, Afternoon and Evening,
where they will offer to the public, their usual variety
of useftil and fancy articles, including Emblems and
Evergreen*, and a choice selection of (lifts, suitalU
to the Ctiriminus Seas >n.
Admission 13 cents fir adults; 10 con*s ft*r children,
•r live tickets for 30 cents. dc2-3t
CITYHALL
THEO. THOMAS’
Unaqa&lcd Concert Organization
or
Sixty Distinguished Performers.
Pronounced by the entire pres* the largect rad
most perfect concert troupe which has ever -aoiier
takeu a tour either iu thic couutry or Ip Europa.
One Grand Concert
Friday Evening, Doc. 15th.
which owing to the numeronc i mrgrmenta i Hr
Thomas’ company will ncccssarli lie the
Only Concert of the Season.
The following celebrated Soloists will appear tor Ike
first time:
Miss MARIE KREBS,
The young and brilliant Pianlste.
Mr. BERNHARD L1STEMANN, Vlolia.
together with the
UNRIVALLED ORCHESTRA
OF OVER FIFTY PERFORMERS.
Price ef Admission 91.00. If# Kxtra
Charge 1st Reserved Head.
The sale of reserved seats win 'ommcnce on Thurs
day morning, Dec, 7th, at Stockliidgc’s Music Stern,
Exchange Street.
The Grand Pianos used are from the celebrated
manufactory of Steinway Son*. Warerooins ia
Portland at Win. G. Tw.unbl} ’s Musis Store.
Doors o]*en at 74; to commence at v deef-td
Dancing Academy
—AT—
LANCASTER HALL,
Mr. J. W. Raymond would announce to the citi
Een* of Portland that he will open his second term of
Dancing School at the above named Hall on
Tnesday Evening, Doc'r 19th,
Term.—lilies $2.00. Gents St.OO.
Last nix evening to be assemblies with fttU Bud
without extra charge to pupils.
ASSEMBLY.
J. W. RAYMOND will close his present term with
a Grand Assembly at
LANCASTER HALL,
Oa Monday Evening, December 18th,
Ticket admitting Gent with Ladle. 75 cts. delMlw
Grand Masquerade
AND
domiyojparty.
The G-. W. T.’S,
Will give their next Public Assembly at
LAN CASTE It HALL!'
VBIDAY liVE'G, Drr. 13.
Under the managemon, of
Caft. EDWARD HODGKINS,
GEO. H. FOSTER, J. T. SEAVER.
Music by Webb’s Fall Quadrille Band.
SIX PIECES.
Tickets, admitting Gent and Ladies, 75cents,
Dancing to commonco at b o’clock. dcMtd
GRAND
Combination Concert
BY TUB
Haydn Association
COMPRISING A
CHORUS OF 250 VOICES
HER.KANX KOTZlCn.HAR,
_Conductor.
AND THE CELEBRATED
Theodore Thomas Orchestra I
-OF
Fifty-one Eminent Artist*.
THEODOR ino.UAN, Conductor.
AT THE
CITY HALL,
PORTLAND,
Tuesday Evening, Dee. 19, 1871.
On which occMlon will he preseoted HAYDN’S ORA
TORIO OF
THE CREATION!
ACC0MHAN1ED BY THE FULL
Thomas Orchestra,
ASSISTED BY
M’LLE MARIE KREBS,
one of the most brilliant Pianists In tbs World!
And the following distinguished Artists as Soloists:
MRS. II. M. SMITH, of Boston.Soorass.
MRS. HARRIET CAMMET WETHBRBEB, St
Portland.Soprnne.
MR. SAMUEL THURSTON, of Portland. ...tins*.
MR. J. W. WINCH, of Boston.Basis.
And In the Chorus by
MR. CHAR. M< LELLAN, of Bath.Baritoae.
MR. JOHN L. SHAW, of Portland.Basse.
With an array of eminent Agists, aided by Ike
Great Thomas Orchestra Increased to Its prsseut
magnificent proportions—this will form nr of lb*
largest snd CrnmlrM C'omblontloas ever
United for s Musical Entertainment In this eoannry.
Previous to the rendering of the Cmtlpa, Tbe
Grand Orchestra will perform several Chois
Overtures, and Mrs. Smith and Mr. Winch will rea
der favorite selections by request, to ho annouueed
hereafter.
TICKETS—Including reserved scats. One Dollar
each—for sale at Stockbridge’s Music Store, Ex
change street, where may also be obtained Libret
toos of “The Creation." Holders of Season Rehearsal
Tickets can secure reserve! seats on payment of 25
cents.
Doors opened at 6$, Concert to commence at.T|
o’clock. declfe!
_AUCTIONS SALES.
Furniture, Carpets, &c.,
BY AUCTION.
ON Wednesday, Dec. 13th, at tea a. w., at Salca
room Is Exchange st., we shall sell a general aa
sirtnunt of Furniture, Carpers. Crockery Ware,
Glass Ware, Stoves, Kitchen Furniture, «re.
O. BAILEY A CO., Auctioneer!.
Doc lid-til. _
For Saif at Anction.
THE Woodman l.litlejoSm Paper Mill at Yar
mouth, Me., Thursday, Dec. 14,1871, at 3.30 f.
M. For further particulars address
GEOltGK F. EMERY,
CliAS. P. MATTOCKS,
Assignees in Bankruptcy of Woodman A Lrmji
JOHN, Portland. nj?JU ltd
MANUFACTURER’S SALE
CROCKERY WARE
TO TOE TRADE,
BY AUCTION.
F. O. BAILEY A CO., Auctioneer*.
ON Friday, Dec 15th, at 2\ o’clock p. m.. at our
Stiesmom, No. 18 Exchange st., we shall sell t
the trade a larger line of Iron-Stone, Rockingham, C,
C. and Yellow Ware, Caspadnes, 4$:c.
Catalogue* fui ninhed up4»n applicative.
Ware on exhibition Dec. 14th. defttd
R. X. HUNT,
Commission Merchant and Auctioneer
NO 316 Congress St., will sell every evening a lari*
assortment of Staple and Fancy G «*1»
Goods will bo sold duriug ihe day In lot« to
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on
description of goods. Conshmiuou.s not limbed.
February 11, 1868. dlf
Oranges, Oranges!
25 Cents Per Dozen
HAVANA ORANGES,
Only Cents Per Dozen
AT B. W. .TONES'
dc!3dlw la 55 C OKiinit-rt ial St.