Of OdlorctstM oailg Sps
is published every morning,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
At IBS per year, if pnhl Mtrirtly in »«lvanc«.
inherit Inc, 75 Ceuta per Month.
Spg,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At S 3 per Anuum.
J D. BALDWIN Ar CO., Proprietor*.
NO. 411 MAIN STREET.
cMarccstcr Javln Spn.
CITY NEWS.
The republican city committee will meet at
room No. 4, post office building, this evening.
The labor reformers will hold a meeting at
upper Horticultural hall this evening.
Nov. 30, and not Oct. 80, as has been staled,
is the time when Theodore Thomas has arranged
to visit this city.
One of the new houses in the brick block on
Ashland street is offered for sale. It is a good
location and a nice house.
The county and councillor conventions of the
labor reform party will be held this forenoon,
at eleven o’clock, in the anthropological room.
Einigkcits Lodge No. 44 has a notice to its
members among the advertisements this morn
ing.
A notice which appears to-day will interest
the many who are willing to throw open their
doors to the musical people who are drawn here
by the convention.
The musical convention will open at ten
o’clock to-day. The rehearsals during the day
will be held in Washburn hall, and in the eve
ning in Mechanics hall.
Dollie Bidwell at the theater to-night, under
the management of Bidwell and Wilkinson.
The plays will be “Zingari” and a laughable
farce.
A team was taken from the street in front of
Lamson Glazier’s auction rooms at three
o’clock Saturday afternoon, and found by
Officer Hogan at Washington square at eleven
o’clock at night.
The fire alarm Saturday afternoon about one
o’clock, was on account of a slight fire in a
house on Howard sticet, owned by Dennis
Leach, the tenant in that part being Thus. White.
I'hc fire was put out before the fire department
reached the spot.
Jolin Collins and the company with him
played even better on Saturday evening than
Friday; but the talent of Collins was not en
joyed as it. might have been, lor the lovers of the
Irish drama didn’t turn out in profitable num
bers.
Prof. Tonrjee of Boston, delivered an interest
ing address yesterday forenoon at Trinity church
upon sacred music as an element of religious
worship, and in the evening at the same place,
conducted a praise-meeting which was largely
attended—the house being completely filled—and
was an occasion of much interest.
A society has recently been formed here with
“The Worcester Naturalization and Reading
Room Association” for its name. Its officers
consist of John L. Murphy, president; Jere
miah Murphy, vice president; James McDer
mott, recording secretary; P. W. Ford, fiuan"
cial secretary; Capt. O’Diiscoll, treasurer, and a
board of eight trustees A reading room has
been opened at No. 20 Crompton’s block, on
Mechanic street; and the purpose of the asso
ciation is—as indicated by’ its name—to bring
the attention of the Irish people to the consid
eration of political matters. It claims to be in
dependent of any party, but the political ten
dency of its formation is obvious.
A Southbndge street bridge victim was saved
from death or a broken back, last Friday night,
by crying out lustily for help as be hung by his
hands to the timbers while his legs dangled
perilously between the Boston and Albany rail
road and the bard bottom of Southbridge street,
some twelve or fifteen feet below. The man was
trying to cross the. bridge, and, to speak une
quivocally, was drunk. His cries for help were
heard by a young man who happened to be
going home late, and he was pulled up through
the timbers, in a condition of complete exhaus
tion.
Assistant Marshal Washburn, who went to
Chicago last Tuesday, carrying with him $165
as a gift from the policemen of this city
to the destitute members of the Chicago police
department, returned yesterday morning. The
marshal of Chicago, to whom he delivered the
money, said that he had only time to thank him
then, but the kindness would be held in remem
brance after the contusion is over and the force
can be got together. Mr. Washburn says that
the trains east are all crowded with women and
children, who have been furnished with passes,
while such men as can be put to work are in
duced to remain; and at the large depots the
hungry mothers and little ones excite the sym
pathy of all travellers. Rev. T. E. St. John,
who has been distributing a fund raised by the
Freemasons of this city, is on his way home,
and preached in Troy, N. Y., yesterday.
At the democratic caucus, held Satuiday eve
ning, at which George F. Hewett was chairman,
and James A. McDermott secretary, the follow
ing list of delegates to the county and senatorial
conventions was chosen: George W. Gill, Edwin
Conant, Andrew Athy, E. N. Childs, Thomas 11.
Babbitt, Otis Peirce, Philip O’Connell, Michael
O’Driscoll, Jeremiah Murphy, M. J. Foley,
George F. Hewett, Vernon A. Ladd, James A.
McDermott, Morris Melavin, O. G. Davenport,
Levi Barker, George R. Spurr, L. B. Start, J.
K. Churchill, W. A. Williams, Richard
Matthews, Jonathan Munyan, Maurice Powers,
John J. O’Gonnan, Patrick O’Day, Jr., John L.
Murphy, P. P. Redican, John Driscoll, d. L.
Wood, James Doon, A. H. Sennitt, Thomas
McGillicuddy, James E. Estabrook, David Shor
tel, J. J. Fanning.
Mr. Geo. Thrall, who has been increasing the
business and adding to the good name of the
Bay State house in this city for three years past
will leave to-day to take charge of the Battle
house in Mobile, Ala. The Bay State under his
management has been in every way a well kept
hotel, and the people of the “Gulf city” may
depend upon having a good house under the
same direction, with a gentleman of character
at its head. Mr. Thrall received his first lessons
in hotel life at the St. Charles, in New Orleans,
and feels that he is almost returning to the
scenes of pleasant memories rather then going
among strangers. The Bay State house, which
will remain in competent hands under his man
agement, is looking fresh and attractive on all
its floors, having been newly frescoed, papered
and carpeted to a great extent. The Battle
house has the reputation of being one of the best
in the south. It was opened by Paran Stevens,
with F. H. Chamberlin, a native of Worcester,
and Mr. Darling, now of the Fifth Avenue hotel
in New York, as active partners, and kept by
them in connection with the Tremont and Revere
of Boston, Fifth Avenue of New York and Con
tinental of Philadelphia, until the war broke out.
It has about twice the capacity of the Bay State
house.
Municipal Court.—ln the municipal court,
Saturday, John C. Bennett paid SSO and costs
for maintaining a liquor nuisance; Lucius W.
Pond, Patrick Ryan, ami Bridget Conlon, each
paid a fine of S2O and costs for violating the
city ordinance in relation to building within
the fire limits; Thomas W. Welsh was fined $5
and costs for drunkenness, second offence, and
committed to jail on non-payment.
Gone to Europe for a Lost Child.—The
Boston Herald of Saturday has the following
paragraph concerning parties in this city:
“In the supreme court, this morning, a peti
tion was presented for the custody of a child,
under the following circumstances: A young
lady from Worcester married an Englishman in
California some years since. They came back
from California over a year ago to Worcester.
Some trouble arose between them, and the hus
band left the wife, going to Fall River. He staid
there a month, then came back to Worcester,
and, promising to live with his wife and behave
himself, he staid with her one night. But the
next nnrning he disappeared, taking from the
mother their little boy of three years. He went
immediately to Boston and got a steerage pas
sage for the child on a Liverpool steamer just
leaving, telling the captain that there were
friends on the steamer who would take the child
to the ven r doors of its friends. The steamer
sailed, and the little child was lelt helpless on
the waste of waters. Fortunately, the compas
sion of the passengers was moved in behalf of
the abandoned infant, and delicate fingers pro
vided it with warm clothing and ministered to
its wants. It arrived safely at Queenstown,
whither its passage had been paid, and the
mother, anxious to have the child again, has
applied to the supreme court fora judicial order
fur the custody of it. The husband not appear-
Morccstcv gaito Sun
VOL. 26, NO. 251.
ing, Judge Chapman promptly granted the de
cree applied for, mid the mother, with this legal
sanction, will either go to Ireland herself, or
have parties there who have taken care of die
child represert her in its restoration. As soon as
she obtained the decree she visited the British
consul, whom she expects to assist her in the
matter.”
Military Reunion.—The 15th regiment as
sociation held its annual meeting at Horticultu
ral hall, in this city, on Saturday, at 10 a m.
Seventy-five members were present. Gen.
Devens called the meeting to order, and after
the hearing of reports from the various officers
of the association, an election of officers for the
ensuing year was held, resulting in the choice
of Gen. Charles Devens, Jr., president; Col.
John M. Studley, vice president; Walter A.
Eames, secretary and treasurer; Daniel M.
Earle, T. J. Hastings, B. B. Vassal, Geo. H.
Smith, and L. 11. Comings, directors.
It was voted unanimously to pay the fund
subscribed (1200) lor a painting ot Col. Ward,
to the Mechanics association, provided said asso
ciation would procure and place the portrait in
Mechanics ball; and a committee, consisting of
Messrs. Murray, Fairbanks and Hastings, was
appointed to make such arrangements with the
proper authority as the vote requires. After
the business was transacted the meeting ad
journed to Lincoln hall, where a bountiful din
ner was prepared by Messrs. Wall and Williams.
Dinner concluded, the remainder of the after
noon was spent in speeches by members of the
regiment, the first of which was by the president,
in which most appropriate allusion was made
to our late lamented chaplain, Wm. G. Scand
lin. As usual, upon such occasions, each com
pany was called upon in order and most happy
responses were made, reminiscences of the battle
of Gettysburg being the order of the day. Cols.
Joslin and Studley and Capts. Earle, Bartlett
and Hastings being among the speakers. The
following song, written by a member of the reg
iment and sung by Lieut. Doane, the meeting
joining in the chorus, was among the many
things to give zest to the occasion
Once more we meet, my comrades, to celebrate the
day,
On which, outnumbered by the foe, our wearied
ranks gave wav,
But, though repulsed, no prouder name our war
starned Hag can show,
Than that we earned that fatal day nearfC'onrad’s
Ferry O.
Near Conrad’s Ferry O,
Near Conrad’s Ferry O.
That day we crossed Potomac’s flood near Con
rad's Ferry O.
And though Ball’s Blurt is not a name to grace the
poet’s pen,
And though a score of battle Helds we’ve seen and
Avon since then,
Yet, of them all. the one that brings our heart its
warmest glow,
Is that first field on which we fought near Conrad’s
Ferry
Near Conrad’s Ferry (I, &c.,
That field where first our blood was shed, near
Conrad’s Ferry o.
Fresh were we from the lamch and plow, the count
ing room and farm,
Our hearts aflame with patriot zeal, but all unused
to arms,
Behind ib the Potomac rolled; before us stood the
foe—
We fought ’gainst fearful odds that day near Con
rad’s Ferry O.
Near Conrad’s Ferry O. &c.
From dawn lill dark we fought that day near
Conrad’s Ferry O.
We fought till of the thousand men we took intotho
fray.
Scarce three in live survived to tell the horrors of
the day.
And then, by numbers overpowered, with saddened
step and slow.
We turned us to the river’s brink near Conrad’s
Ferry
Near Conrad’s Ferry o, &c.
We turne<l and plunged into the flood near Con
rad’s Ferry O.
’Tis not by victory alone the soldier’s worth is tried,
Defeat teoft a stronger test and harder to abide,
’Tis easy to be bravo in light against a weaker foe:
Not such the hopeless fight we fought near Conrad’s
Ferry
Near Conrad’s Ferry O, &c.
Not such the fight we fought that day near Con
rad’s Ferry 0.
But comrades, ’ere we part tonight, one moment
let us give
To those who fought with us that day and died that
we might live.
The record they have left behind no blot or stain can
show,
They never knew defeat that day near Conrad’s
Ferry O,
Near Conrad’s Ferry O, &c.
They fi ll while marching on the foe, near Conrad's
Ferry O.
Isaiah, the faithful friend and servant of Lieut.
Spurr, was provi lentially present, ami added
not a little to the interest of the meeting by his
quaint account of escape from slavery from Lees
burg to Poolesville, and subsequent service as a
soldier in Texas. After a complimentary allu
sion to the dinner prepared by the proprietors of
the Lincoln house, the singing of “Auld Ling
Syne,” and a vote to meet in Worcester, Oct. 20,
1872, the meeting adjourned, upon the whole
the most satisfactory meeting yet held.
American Antiquarian Mocirty.
The regular annual meeting of the American
Antiquarian society was held, Saturday, in this
city, at Antiquarian hall. The meeting was
called to order, at 11 a. m., by Hon. Stephen
Salisbury, the president.
Rev. E. E. Hale, of Boston, read the report of
the council. After some statements relative to
the condition and work of the society, and a no
tice of the death of Commodore Blake, who was
one of its members, he proceeded to his chief
topic, the discovery vs the Pacific ocean.
Columbus having no knowledge or thought of
such an ocean, supposed he had reached eastern
Asia. Marco Polo saw the western shore of this
ocean. On this side, the first European who
saw it was Balboa. It was never seen by Cortez
to whom some have attributed the discovery.
There was much exploration before its vast ex
tent was made known. It is only sin .-e the be
ginning of the last century, that the longitudes
of North America and eastern Asia have been
crowded back sufficiently to show that it spreads
over 160 degrees, from east to west, nearly half
the circumference of the globe. The history of
discovery on the Pacific and its shores, is one of
the most tempting topics for the historian. He
gave some account of these explorations, in
cluding the expedition of Lewis and Clark, flic
last vail has been removed by our knowledge
of Japan. He remarked that the voyage of
Magellan made the world acquainted with the
great extent of the Pacific. He spoke of the
“South Sea Company,” and of what its history
might have been ifit had discovered the gold of
California. He gave an interesting account of
the early maps of the American coast, and of
conjectural drawings of lines of the coast in
imitation of what was supposed to be the east
ern coast line of Asia. Mr. Hale’s paper was
very suggestive; but we can give only a very lean
and imperfect account of it.
The Librarian’s report was read by S. F. Ha
ven, Esq and gave the following account of
additions to the library, since the last meeting:
880 books, 2112 pamphlets, 190 volumes of un
bound newspapers, 16 maps, 2 manuscripts, 2
photographs, 4 medals and various broadsides,
circulars and cards. The purchases have been
17 volumes, 2 pamphlets, and 90 volumes of
newspapers; the gains by exchange have been
59 books and 51 pamphlets.
Mr. Haven spoke ot the importance of pre
serving periodical literature, which contains so
much important material lor history. The val
ue of odd volumes and odd numbers of old pe
riodicals is very great, for, in the right hands,
they can be used to complete setts in the libra
ries. In this connection there were some excel
lent suggestions on the subject of literary ex
changes. The value of ephemeral ami periodi
cal literature was also discussed, and the impor
tance of care in its preservation urged. It has
recently been found expedient to purchase lor
the library a large collection of documents re
lation to the religious denomination called
Second Adventists, which, originating in 1843,
now numbers 800 preachers ami from 150,000 to
200,000 members, and their history, which at
the outset was but a trifle, begins to be valua
ble. This is an illustration of the importan e
of ephemeral literature.
The report described several old magazines
which contain matters of permanent value; and
in this connection Mr. George Richards, author
of an epic poem, published in the “Massachu
setts Magazine,” 1788 and 1792, was mentioned
as a man who, although of considerable note in
his time, has dropped out ot sight, except as his
poem is preserved in the magazine; ami some
account of his life and writings was given. Mr.
Haven expressed regret that the ante-revolu
tionary magazines and papers were not more
numerously preserved, and urged members of
the society to improve every opportunity to se
cure and preserve such as still exist, and make
the collection of the present day complete.
The treasurer’s report was read by Nathaniel
Paine, Esq., as follows:—
The library and general fund is $28,737.21
The collection and research fund is 13.341.46
Bookbindery 9,763.04
Publishing 10,369.88
Salisbury building 10,041.01
Isaac Davis 642.46
Lincoln Legacy 1,092.20
Total $74,692.26
Hon. B. F. Thomas moved that the reports be
accepted; and, with this motion pending, the
president suggested that remarks from the mem
tiers would be in order.
Kev. Dr. Waterston, of Boston, offered some
suggestions in regard to the failure of Sir Fran
cis Drake to discover the Bay of San Francisco,
a topic introduced by the paper read by Kev. Mr.
Hale. There were several reasons why Drake
should fail to pass the Golden Horn and enter
that magnificent bay. It could not really be dis
covered by one sailing by at some distance from
the coast; and, as the wind much of the time
blows towards the coast, navigation is precari
ous, and navigators would avoid approaching
the coast too nearly without special reason for
doing so. At any rate, Drake did not enter the
bay ot San Francisco.
Hon. Charles Sumner suggested that Drake
might have avoided a Hose approach to that
part of the coast, because it was then occupied
by the Spaniards. He did not care to land with
in the Spanish jurisdiction. Mr. Sumner then
referred to Mr. Hale’s statement that the Pacific
Ocean is about to become the world’s Mediterra
nean, on which we shall play a foremost part,
h maybe that we shall not so recover activity
on the Atlantic as to make ourselves supreme
there; but we can be supreme on the Pacific,
ami this we must not fail to be. I lie Pacific is
essentially ours; the Sandwich Islands will at
length become part of our jurisdiction,our halt
way house io China and Japan.
Dr. Deane, of Cambridge, was not sure that
Drake would be deterred from exploring San
Francisco Bay because the Spaniards were there.
He took possession of another part of the coast
and called it New Alhiou, although the Span
iards loudly protested.
Mr. J. D. Baldwin seconded the motion of
Judge Thomas, and said he had heard with
much interest that part of Mr. Hale’s paper
which urged the importance of seeking such
communication with Japan ns would increase
our knowledge of that part of the world. He
would suggest the importance of seeking in
formation in the same way, at cverv important
point in the island world of the Pacific. The
discovery of the Pacific is intimately connected
with the discovery of America, and we may
properly associate inquiries concerning the eth
nology and arcbceology of this continent with
those relating to the Pacific world; for that
world presents a field for arclueological re
search. It has noticeable ruins everywhere
among the Pacific Islands, which suggest an an
cient history of which we have no definite
knowledge.
The reports were accepted: and the annual
election of officers then took place with the fol
lowing result:
President—Hon. Stephen Salisbury.
Vico Presidents—Hon. Benj. F. Thomas, LL. D.,
Boston, and James Lenox. New York.
ouncil Hon. Isaac Davis, LL. t). Worcester;
Hon. N. B. ShurtletT, M. D Boston; <has. Folsom,
F>q., Cambridge: Samuel F. Haven, Esq.. Worces
ter; Kev. E. E. Hale, Boston; Joseph Sargent, M.
D., Worcester; Charles Deane, Esq.. Cambridge.
Kev S. Sweetser, D. D., Worcester; Hon. Richard
Frothingham, Charlestown: lion. Henry Chapin,
Worcester.
Secretary of Foreign Correspondence Hon. Chas.
Sumner, LL. D. of Boston.
Seeretary of Domestic orrespondence—Hon. Em
ory Washburn, LL. D., ambrfdge.
Recording Secretary John D. Washburn, Esq.,
Worcester.
Treasurer- Nathaniel Paine, Esq., Worcester.
Committee on Publication Samuel F. Haven,
Esq., Worcester; Rev.E. E. Hale, Boston; Charles
Deane, Esq., Cambridge.
Auditors—Hon. Isaac Davis, LL. D., Worcester;
Hon. Ebenezer Torrey, Fitchburg.
The president read a letter from Hon. Robert
C. Winthrop, relative to a recent discovery by
excavation, at Koine; and, also, a letter from
Professor Salisbury, of New Haven, which is
printed on the second page of this paper.
Hon. George F. Hoar gave some account of
the present condition ot the monument and in
scription to the memory of (’apt. Jolin Smith,
in the church of St. Sepulchre, London. He
visited this church twice, while in England, the
second lime accompanied by Rev. Dr. Palfrey.
They found the inscription so worn away as to
be entirely illegible, and Mr. Hoar hesitates to
believe the stone ever could have contained so
long an inscription as that said to have been
copied from it; but the three Turks’ heads are
still visible, and, as the church has been burnt
since the monument was placed there, some sat
isfactory explanation is possible. He suggested
that the society can do .something to restore the
inscription. Wc may at least have it reproduced
on a mural tablet. After some remarks by Dr.
Deane, the matter was referred to the council.
Professor E. Desor, of France, proposed lor
membership by the council, was duly elected a
member of the society; after which the meeting
adjourned.
The following additional subscriptions in aid
of Chicago and the northwest have been re
ceived
John Harding, 5 H H Dayton, 5
Henry Chapin, 25 L N Gates, 25
Darius Rice, 20 A Gross. 3
Knowlton Bros., 20 Goo McFadden, 3
Adams square char- J W Cummings, 5
itable society, 10 Mrs Geo F Hoar, L)
Jas E Bond, 5 Cash, 1
R M Rice, 1 Gross Strauss, 50
Walter Gates, 1 Stone Bros, 10
John Farwell, 5 Weinberg Bros., 10
II E Farwell, Homer Freemen, 10
Sarah M Brittan, 1 A Medina, 5
Osgar Chaffin, 1 Z Day, for Michi-
W L Wood, 5 gan, 20
Alfred Smith, 5 Mrs Lamson, 10
J A White, 5 Jord Goddard, Wcb-
Luther Eames, 5 sut, 29
M A Wheeler, 5 E W Goddard, Web-
Mrs David Wood- ster, 5
ward, 5 Cash, 2
Employes of Bay II Fay, 25
state shoe co., 130 35 Cash, 1
('ash, I Post 10 G AR addi-
Cora 8 Lincoln, 150 tional, .50
ash, 10 making 9250 in all.
Amount reported Saturday A. m 40,060 14
Amount received since 587 86
Total amount subscribed 940,643 CO
Char. B. Whiting, Treasurer.
COUNTY NEWS.
Messrs. Paul Whitin Son of Northbridge
gave S3OO to Chicago.
The Westboro Chronotype office, with its ma
terial and business is offered lor sale.
The ladies’ relief society of Westboro for
warded ten barrels of clothing to Michigan on
the 19th.
Mr. John Chase, of the manufacturing firm
of John Chase Sous, of Webster, died on the
18th inst.
The Chocksett district school in Sterling, Miss
Emma Gordon teacher, has been closed for the
remainder of the term, owing to the prevalence
of scarlet lever in that district.
Rev. J. L. Hatch has been engaged by the
Unitarian society of Westboro for one year. Mr.
Hatch has been supplying the pulpit of this so
ciety for several months.
Two barns in Sterling, about two and a half
miles from the village, ami belonging to Silas
Jewett and Charles Powers, were destroyed by
lire on the 21st, together with a quantity of hay;
origin of fire unknown; slight insurance on
each.
The officers and inmates of the Westboro state
reform school contributed $109.72 to the Chica
go relief fund. Of this amount the officers gave
$59.40, and the boys sso.B2—the amount of a
day’s work apiece, done upon their regular holi
day.
Someliody in Clinton, who was so destitute of
moral perception as to name his dog “Bummer”
in the face and eyes of fearful examples, reaped
a bitter reward the other day by finding the
canine impaled on a picket fence, over which he
tried to leap, as he went bumming around.
The editor of the Clinton Courant has the
conscience and good nature to apologize to the
Marlboro firemen for misspelling the name of
their hand-engine—Okammakamesiters. It was
the name of an Indian who was foreman of a
fire company before this country was discovered,
and the firemen of Marlboro grieve to see it
misspelled.
A little girl was caught stealing candy in a
Clinton drug store the other day, ami when
questioned, said she didn’t know her own name,
never knew her father’s, and had even forgot
her mother’s; subsequent investigation proved
that she was in error in these matters, and also
as to her place of residence; she was taken
home by an officer and committed—to the care
her parents.
The Messrs. Harris and others of West Boyls
ton have petitioned the county commissioners to
alter the road where it now crosses the Still
Water river below Oakdale, so as to carry the
bridge a few rods below its present location, so
that they can the l»et*cr locate one of the new
mills, which they arc taking steps to erect, to
replace the ones lately burnt; and it will also
straighten and better the road. The commis
sioners are to meet at Oakdale depot, Nov. 16th,
for a hearing on the matter.
Joseph Miles, and a friend with him, were
about to go gunning in Northboro, on the 18th,
but before leaving the house Miles thought they
would take a little whiskey, so he poured out
from a bottle what he supposed was such,
sweetened it, and offered it to his friend, who
declined to drink until he first drank. Miles
then drank, and immediately discovered that in
stead of whiskey he had fixed up a portion of
bed-bug poison— ft solution of corrosive subli
mate. His throat and stomach burned, and
what to do he did not know. Finally he started
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 23, 1871.
to the village for the doctor’s. He had not gone
far before he was obliged to stoji at the house
of George H. Williams. He was made to vomit
freely by the aid of milk mid the white of eggs,
and in that way he was saved from the igno
minious fate of a careless bed-bug.
First District Court.—Judge Jillson had
nine cases on Saturday. At Southbridge, Mar
rin Bartlett paid $5 and costs for an assault and
battery and three and costs for drunkenness;
Edward Louison and Stephen Wedge also paid
$3 and costs for drunkenness. At Webster,
Jolin Collins was fined $75 and costs for main
taining a liquor nuisance, and $lO and costs for
keeping liquor; he appealed on each case and
was placed under bonds of SBOO on the first and
S2OO on the second. John Belfour paid $5 and
costs for disturbing the peace; John Lucie S 3
and costs for drunkenness, and Geo. J. Peters,
charged with threatening, hail his case placed
on tile on payment of costs. It will be seen that
the fines—aside from the costs of court
amounted to sllO.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE WOBCEJTKB DAILY in
FROM EUROPE.
Prnncc.
GAMBETTA AND THE ELECTIONS.
Paris, Oct. 22.—A letter from Gambctta is
published, in which he says: “Though the re
publicans of France have been defeated in the
elections of the members of the conscils gen
craux, he finds nothing in the result to cause
despondency. The same elections have extin
guished the hopes of those retrogradists who de
sired to see France recommitted to the Bona
partes, and have shown that the advocates of
a monarchy under other dynasties arc luke
warm.”
AT LAST.
The ratifications of the Franco-German
treaties were formally' exchanged yesterday by
the representatives of the two governments.
PRINCE NAPOLEON.
While Prince Napoleon was on his way to
Marseilles, as the train stopped at the town of
Valence, the people, who had heard of the
prince’s journey, gathered about the railway
stations and demanded his sunender into their
hands. Upon being informed that he traveled
under the safe conduct of the government they
vented their hatred in hisses, yells and threats,
which followed the train until they passed the
limits.
TROUBLE AT METZ.
A dispatch from Metz reports that serious
troubles have arisen between the north and
south German soldiery in the garrison there, and
i hat several encounters and pugilistic affrays
have occurred between members of Bavarian
and Prussian regiments.
FRANCE AND HER FINANCIAL CONDITION.
New York, Oct. 22.—The Mcssagcr Franco-
American has a remarkable and suggestive ar
ticle upon the difficulties and dangers which
France meets in attempting to pay the. indemni
ty of 5,000,000,000 francs to Germany. The fol
lowing is the substance of its remarks: “Have
Messrs. Bismarck and Thiers reflected what five
thousand millions of francs —in our money al
most $1,000,000,000 gold—really arc! They
represent the California and Australian gold
crops combined during a decade of years;
they represent all the gold which was drawn
from the western continent from 1800 to 1848;
they represent nearly the whole produce of the
famous Potosi’s silver mines at Peru during
three centuries and a half, which, according to
Humboldt, Amounted to six thousand millions
of francs; they represent the combined gold
and silver crops of the globe at this time for five
consecutive years; they represent one-tenth of
the whole available specie and bullion fund now
extant among men.
“And the effect of this momentary spoliation
begins to be plainly perceptible. First—ln the
premium on gold and silver which rises daily
in France. Second—ln rhe refusal to take the
French bank bills at par, they being already
at 1 j per cent discount at Lyons. The bank
lias stepped into the same boat with the state,
and lent it fifteen hundred millions of francs.
Befoie the war all the state owed the bank was
sixty millions of francs, and individuals owed it
seven hundred millions. These latter loans re
main unpaid besides.
“All Europe knows these facts, and exchange
rapidly runs against France. Bills on England,
from the old par standard of 25 1-5 francs the
pound sterling, were quoted on Sept. 28 at
24.47 J. Let the bank be prudent, and remember
1797 and Pitt; remember the Law affair, when
from a private bank a national bank was to be
created. Beware lest our bank bills be put down
as simple paper money. Remember the ‘as
signats/ Beware of recent experiences in Aus
tria, Italy and Russia. Beware of the war de
preciation of greenbacks in the United States.”
fJrcnt Britmu.
RIOT.
London, Oct. 22.—There was a serious dis
turbance at Lincoln yesterday morning, origi
nating with the men on the strike. The rioters
were attacked by the police, but the latter were
not in sufficient force to quell the riot, and were
driven off, after which the strikers attacked the
bouse of the master workmen and did consider
able damage.
DEATH OF AN AUTHOR.
Charles Babbage, a mathematician, philoso
pher, machinist and author of several mathe
matical works, died Friday, aged seventy-nine.
NAPOLEON ON THE THIERS GOVERNMENT.
Ex-Emperor Napoleon has returned to Chisel
hurst. On his journey thither he was inter
viewed by a correspondent of the Bath Argus to
whom he declared his belief that the present
government of France was weak and Inadequate
to the wants of the country.
THE CLAIMS QUESTION.
Henry Hammond, agent' of British govern
ment at Washington, in the matter of the recep
tion of claims of British subjects upon the
United States, has been instructed not topresent
any of those claims until the claimant has filed
at the office of the commissioners appointed
under the treaty of Washington, the formal
statement of the claim required by the first of
the rules adopted by the commission.
THE QUEEN.
The precarious condition of the health of the
queen still continues to attract public attention.
The most unfavorable reports arc freely circu
lated. Rumors are now current to the effect
that her majesty’s ailment has been pronounced
beyond surgical aid, consisting of incurable
affections of the throat, accompanied by severe
rheumatic pains, so violent at times as to cause
almost complete physical prostration. It is also
stated that a consultation has been recently held
by eminent physicians attendant upon her
majesty, at which the most unfavorable opinion
was expressed by some of the medical gentle
men, on the subject! of the queen’s present
condition. These rumors cause great concern
in all circles, and the probability of her
majesty’s early demise is freely talked of in the
city.
MILITARY OFFICERS RESIGNING.
There is much excitement in military circles
in consequence of the immense and altogether
extraordinary number of resignations that con
stantly pour into the war office, Irom officers of
every grade in the service. The numerous radi
cal changes which have been recently intro
duced into the service by the government, com
bined, as is supposed, with the influence exer
cised by the abolition of Uie purchase system,
have contributed to breed discontent among offi
cers, the majority of whom are adverse to all in
novations.
Npain.
ANOTHER SCHEME.
Madrid, Oct. 22.—it is rumored that a pro
ject is on foot for a new ministerial combina
tion, in which Sagosta, ZoriHaandan influential
democrat are included.
The Hornet.
UnNnccrNMful Altrmpt of a MpaniMh Cohniil
to Captare that W«*ll Kiiomu Vcmmcl, etc.
New York, Oct. 22.—A Port an Prince let
ter, of Oct. 9th, gives the details of the attempt
of the Spaniards to take possession of the steam
er Hornet: The Spanish consul was backed by
two Spanish war vessels. One, having on
board a Spanish admiral,(sent a communication
to the Haytien government, demanding, in forty
eight hours, that the Hornet be given into their
hands; unless the demand was complied with,
the Spanish authorities would proceed to take
her. A claim of $120,000 in gold was also
put in, by way of indemnity, that being the
amount alleged to have been expended for coal
and other necessities of watching the Horner.
As no answer was given to this requisition, a
meeting was held on flic 7th, composed of the
ministers of France, England and America,—Mr.
Bassett—who afterwards proceeded to President
Laget’s palace for a conference. The president
being at Aux Cayes, Mr. Bassett only saw the
minister of the interior. Mr. Bassett claimed,
on behalf of the American government, that the
Hornet was no pirate, and, consequently, had a
right to claim full protection as an American
vessel, and m his official capacity he would do
the utmost to shield her. The minister stated
that it was out of bis power to comply with the
demand of the Spanish consul, the Hornet being
under a foreign flag.
The diplomatic corps concurred in the minis
ter’s refusal. As soon as the decision was given,
the Spanish consul decided to haul his flag
down, went on board the admiral’s ship, and
sailed for Cuba, to obtain further instructions.
No American war vessel was in port. Every
precaution was taken by the officers of the Hor
net, and, with the consent of the Haytien author
ities, she hauled close m to the shore.
FIRE RECORD.
The Chicago Conflagration.
EHort. Io Krbnild Ilir City The Rrlirf
Committee llenlth Report The Work
iiitf C’lnMNca, ete.
AFTER THE FIRE.
Chicago, Oct. 22.—Rev. Wm. Alvin Bartlett,
in an address last evening, expressed the belief
that, although the loss is between two and three
hundred millions, Chicago might be made to
look like herself for fifty millions. Men like
Wm. Ogden and Geo. Smith had pledged their
millions for an immediate guarantee that Chica
go wiU he immediately rebuilt. There are one
hundred and ten thousand homeless, foodless
people to be taken care of until May, which will
cost, at least, 95,000,000,and require even all the
immense sums (hat have been subscribed.
Judge Blodgett, of the United State district
court, will leave Chicago for Washington on
Monday, to advise with the judicial depart
ment of the government regarding the restor
ation of the records of the federal courts of
that district.
Mayor Mason has issued a proclamation ap
pointing Sunday,Oct. 29th, as a day of fasting,
humiliation and prayer.
The rumor that A. C. Badger, a private bank
er, has suspended, is confirmed. He claims that
he will resume as soon as he can get matters
into shanc. His luniks and assets were recov
ered only Friday from the vault. It is reported
that the suspension of the Corn Exchange bank
is unfounded. The receipts from depositors are
larger than the calls for money.
Henry Greenbaum, a leading Israelite and
president of the German national bank, received
from his brethren throughout the country liner
al contributions for the relief of their own ami
other religious denominations in this city. Im
mediately after flic tire the daily applications
for relief numbered about 40,000; this number
has gradually diminished until there arc only
about 25,000 applications. The shelter commit
tee thus far has received 2400 applications for
lumber for creeling of small houses for home
less families, and about 1300 of these requisi
tions have been filled. A quantity of lumber
has lieen contributed by dealers and others.
J. H. McVicker announces that he will build
a theatre equal to the one destroyed. The relief
committee reports show a favorable condition of
affairs. The employment society reports that
the demand for laborers is in excess of the sup
ply. The health committee reports that the
health of the city is fair, though there has been
some increase in diarrlnea and dysentery within
a few days. The demand lor transportation to
leave the city is small. The department tor the
distribution of supplies is in a gratifying condi
tion.
Considerable feeling exists in iegard to the
conductor the Republic insurance company, in
re-olving to pay twenty-five cents on the dollar
and disband. It is claimed that the company
has four millions capital, one million paid up
ami the rest in shares. The stockholders pro
pose to pay only the cash on hand, and not col
lect the notes. The policy holders refuse to re
ceive twenty-five per cent and a litigation is
probable.
I.ommcn unil Inunmncr.
THE SUSPENDED COMPANIES.
New York, Oct. 22.—The SpectatorVcorrect
ed list shows that the following insurance com
panies have suspended up to-day
New York State.
Companies. Losses.
JEtna. New York 8610,000
Albany City, Albany 500,000
Atlantic, New York 250,000
Capital ity, Albany 70,0u0
Fulton, New York 400,000
Irving 275,0G0
Lorillard 1,200,000
Manhattan 1,000,000
Market 450,000
Security 1,500,000
Massach u setts.
Hide and leather 750,000
Independent 900,000
New England Mutual Marine 700,C00
California.
San Francisco Occidental 300,000
Uhode Island.
American of Providence 400,000
Connecticut.
Charter Oak of Hartford 200,000
Connecticut 400,000
Merchants 350,000
North American 400,000
Putnam 925,000
Norwich of Norwich 350,000
Nearly, if not quite, all the Chicago companies
except the American are probably bankrupt.
IN GENERAL.
The losses of the suspended North American
insurance company of New York are estimated
at from six to seven hundred thousand. The
assets arc claimed to be eight hundred thousand,
and fl is hoped that all losses will be paid.
The report that the Central American in
surancecompany of St. Louis had suspended, is
untrue. The amount of losses, which have been
exaggerated, will be paid in full.
The New York state superintendent has called
on all insurance companies to return to him an
an official statement of their financial condition,
within a week.
The Market fire insurance company of New
York have suspended, and a receiver has been
appointed.
The World’s Charity.
THE OLD WORLD.
London, Oct. 22.—Subscriptions for Chicago
continue. Friday night the Mansion house fund
amounted to £36,000; Birmingham, .£3000; Glas
gow, £SOOO. A list for contributions has been
opened at Cardiff. The British newspapers pub
lish columns of details from American newspa
pers received by the steamer. The deepest in
terest and sympathy is everywhere evinced. The
Times and leading papers urge further liberality
and continued subscriptions for the relief of the
sufferers.
Other Fires.
AT CINCINNATI—LOSS $30,000.
Cincinnati, Oct. 22.—The chemical labora
tory of W. J. M. Gordon was burned at 2
o’clock yesterday morning. The loss is esti
mated at $80,000; insured for SIB,OOO.
ATTEMPT TO BURN SAN FRANCISCO.
San Francisco, Oct. 22.—Incendiaries fired
the block bounded by Third, Fourth, Market
and Stevenson streets Friday night, at five dif
ferent points. All the attempts wrre discovered
and frustrated. This locality is thickly covered
with frame buildings, and it is evident the ob
ject was to burn the city.
AT CAMERON, MO.—LOSS $222,000.
Cameron, Oct. 22. —A destructive fire Friday
night destroyed a large number of business
houses and private residences. The fire com
menced in the livery stable of Walt Matthews.
The post office and the American hotel were
burned. Ix>ss $222,000; insurance $32,500 in
Missouri companies. The fire is supposed to
be incendiary.
FIRES IN KENTUCKY.
Cincinnati, Oct. 22.—1 tis reported that the
immense district of woodland in Campbell
countv,| Kentucky, is on fire, ami the flames
spreading with fearful rapidity. There is much
excitement in Alexandria, thirteen miles from
Newport, which is said to be threatened.
Later— A reporter visited Campbell county,
Ky., yesterday afternoon, and found the report
of fires there very much exaggerated. No dam
age is done beyond binning one house and a
lot of fences. The fire is now entirely under
control.
at new YORK— loss $100,006.
New York, Oct. 22.—At about four o’clock
yesterday morning a destructive fire broke out
at 414 West Thirty-sixth street, in the cabinet
warehouse and manufactory of Lowenstein
Co., and before the firemen could suppress it,
six buildings had been destroyed, including 414
to 420. Lowenstein Co. loses SIB,OOO on
building and stock; Messrs. Palmer, Embury
Co. of 416, also cabinet manufacturers, lose
about $50,000, and the loss of others makes a
grand total of over SIOO,OOO.
AT POINT SCARBORO, ME.—LOSS SI2OO.
Portland, Oct. 22.--A school house at Blue
point, Scarboro, was totally destroyed bv fire
Friday night. Loss SI2OO.
New England Dispatches.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Oct. 22.—Ebenezer Whittaker was
assaulted, Saturday night, between Wallingford
and Meriden, and so severely wounded in the
head that he is not expected to live. He worked
at a silver plating establishment in Wallingford,
and was paid about S7O for wages Friday night.
His assailant, who is unknown, robbed him of
this money.
Norwich, Ort. 22. —Alexander Montgomery
and Wm. H. Coolev, employes of the livery
stable, had a trifling dispute, this evening,
about hitching up a team. About an hour af
terward, Cooley lay on a wagon reading, when
Montgomery came up and hit him on the tem
ple with the side of an axe, killing him instant
ly. The murderer is only eighteen years old.
After the deed, he manifested the greatest agony.
It is said he had no intention of murder, and,
when found that Cooley could not be resusci
tated, he gave himself up to the police.
MAINE.
Bangor, Oct. 22. —A Mr. Hodgkins of Sabec,
aged 75, committed suicide by hanging, Friday
night; probably insane.
A special from Berlin says that a distinguished
prelate emissary of the pope obtained an audi
ence with the emperor to ascertain if it tic allow
able for the approaching conclave to sit outside
of Rome, for instance in some French citv. The
emissary was referred to Bismarck, who evaded
a reply. The emperur has sent an autographic
letter of sympathy to the pope.
Our New York Dispatches.
Th hi iii niiy Robbcra Vink mid Tam
many The ICrlorm l>«*mocrnlN ami
llornri* <«m*lry The ununl amount of
Mmiduy Criminal IWewn, rtc.
New York, Oct. 22.—At a meeting of the
council for political reform, Wm. M. Evarts, in
a speech, said: "If peaceable, orderly, and in
telligent efforts fail to correct the evils now
afflicting ns, there is no alternative but violence
orjbrcr, it being impossible that the present
corrupt si stem of government could l»e perpet
ually borne.”
All the policemen of the eighteenth ward,who
were known to be opposed lo the rc-e)c< tion of
Senator Bradley, in the seventh district, have
been transferred toother precincts.
During the argument in the Foley injunction
ease, for a modification of the order on which
Judge Barnard has reserved his derision till this
week, Judge Barnard, in explaining a point,
made the following remarks: “I don’t intend
that the city government shall be carried on an
other day as it has been. I don’t charge any
body with having done anything. I have no
right to do so as a judicial officer, except where
somebody shall bring proper charges into court
against some one. I only know of irregulari
ties from common rumor, but on papers pre
sented to me showing a proper ease for an in
junction, showing, as it seemed to me, irregular
ities, I acted.”
The Fisk-Stokes case has been postponed.
There is a great deal more involved in the case
than appears to the public. Not only Fisk, but
the Tammany ring, have been very nervous
relative to the letters known to be in the posses
sion of Stokes. They show the intimate politi
cal relations on the one band existing between
Tannnany and Eric, by which the latter not
onlv assisted the former at election times, but
also in financial measures adopted by the mem
bers of 1 lie ring, especially Peter B. Sweeney, to
assist the stock operations of the Erie magnates.
Fisk has promised the Tammany leaders that no
effort shall oe spared by him to keep the case
from coming before the public until alter the
coining election, and in furtherance of this
promise arranged to change the venue to Brook
lyn by inserting the name of a party supposed
to reside in that city, but who cannot be found.
From present appearances Fisk will not be suc
cessful in staving off the trial until the 7th
of November, owing to the action of Judge Bar
nard. The letters have been sent cast lor publi
cation.
Among the current rumors here is one that
has a great semblance of probability: It is to the
effect that an agreement has been made be
tween the attorney general at Albany and
Tweed that no cases founded on the. alleged
city frauds shall be brought before the courts
until after the election, on the plea that should
any arrest be made of Tweed there would prob
ably ensue a terrible riot. Chas. O’Conor is
stated to fully understand this arrangement,
ami will act accordingly.
The break of the Brennan faction from the
Tammany wing of the democratic party is a
more serious affair in a political sense than
anything that has yet transpired looking toward
a defeat of the sachems. It is understood that
Brennan is muster of the situation, and has
given Tweed till next Thursday to settle with
him on certain terms. Should these not be
complied with, Sheriff Brennan will proclaim re
lentless war on Tweed and all his followers.
This means a loss to Tammany in this city of
over 20,000 votes.
It is stated that negotiations have been going
on during the past two days by the leaders of
the reform democratic party with those of the
Greeley republicans, such as John V. Gridley
and others, for securing the support of the latter
wing in favor of Barrett, Daly and Sigel. The
arrangement has been about completed, the un
derstanding being that the reform democracy
will reciprocate by supporting certain state can
didates of the Greeley and Gridley stripes.
At a conference of the delegates of the demo
cratic union Itoosevelt party and the demo
cratic reform Ledwith party last night the fol
lowing ticket was adopted: For supreme court,
Judge Thomas A. Ledwith; superior court, J.
Haw thorn and Roswell D. Hatch; common pleas,
C. I*. Daly; marine court, Samuel 11. Randall;
register, Gen. Franz Sigel.
In the National insurance convention, Mr.
Paine of Maine offered a resolution favoring the
establishment of an office in this city where a
record of mariners* risks in this or other coun
tries can be kept to prevent the people obtaining
six times the value of their cargoes; referred.
Ihe discussion was continued, and the conven
tion adjourned till Monday.
Over twenty thousand dollars of Sevres and
porcelain ware and works of art were seized by
custom house officials while being smuggled
through Castle Garden Friday. The smugglers
were arrested.
Sheriff Brennan on Friday visited Ludlow
street jail, and found things in a horrible condi
tion. One man has lain eleven days under a
paralytic stroke without medical attention.
A counterfeiter being on trial Friday, a portion
of the evidence developed the fact that he had
been dealing in counterfeits while lying in Lud
low street jail.
Fuller Co.’s jewelry store, on Bond street,
was on Friday night entered by burglars and
robbed of SIO,OOO worth of goods.
Two boys, named Friedman, were crushed to
death on Mercer street, by the accidental falling
of an ornamental iron work front of the store,
Friday.
John Findley was arrested at Williams Bridge
Friday night, for throwing his child out of a
window and then killing his wife by .beating her
brains out.
The wholesale markets during the past week
have been active and lower. Flour has been in
fair request and lower, closing heavy. Wheat
also active at reduced rates, the decline continu
ing to the close. Corn has been in fair demand
at well-sustained prices. Perk was active ami
lower. Cotton was in fair request at variable
and lower rares.
A baby-show was held nt the Prospect Fair
ground Friday, when numerous infants were ex
hibited by their respective mothers, each of
whom was of course convinced of the superior
ity of her own particular specimen of infantile
humanity.
The trial of Wm. Rudd, for the alleged mur
der of his wife, terminated in a verdict of not
guilty, on the ground of insanity.
Rioters, said to be in the interest of ex-Sheriff
O’Brien, disturbed a Tammany meeting in 84th
street, last evening, and were dispersed by the
police.
Secretary Boutwell will lecture next Friday
evening, in Steinway Hall, before the Mercan
tile library association, in exposition of the
financial policy of the government.
A suit was instituted Friday, in the superior
court, on behalf of Miss Mansfield, for the re
covery of $59,000 said to be loaned to James
Fisk, Jr., to speculate} with in stocks, as her
agent.
After all the sensational stories and pictorial
representations showing the notoriotft Barney
Aaron hanging gracefully from a Chicago hitn|>-
post, that individual has just turned up in the
city, with his collar bone unbroken and in his
usual health.
The case of Thomas Jones against the Brook
hn life insurance company was held yeste day,
before Judge Pratt and a jury. The defendant,
on March 18,1868, issued a policy of insurance
upon ihe life of Isaac Newring, in favor of the
plaintiff as a creditor of Newring. Newring
died in March, 1869, and the company refused to
pay the policy, alleging that the plaintiff, who
was a rumseller in Newark, hail falsely repre
sented the application for the insurance that
Newring was a moderate drinker, when he was
in tact a common drunkard. The case was first
tried in January last, and the plaintiff obtained
a verdict for $1472.85; upon an appeal by the
defendant, the verdict was reversed and a new
trial ordered. The trial resulted in favor of the
plaintiff for the sum of 1558.88;
Richard B. Ruen, conductor of a freight train
on Jersey Midland road, was killed yesterday by
a collision on that road. The two engines were
smashed.
The total shipments of specie last week were
$601,848.
Deaths of the week, 441.
It is estimated that nearly 20,000 Chicago ref
ugees are in this city and vicinity.
Frederick Aytoun, for embezzling the funds
ot the New York and Boston express, was yes
terday sent to four years and a half in the state
prison.
Yesterday afternoon a negro named Edward
Dye, was brought to the police station, suffer
ing from a bullet wound in iiis leg. The wound
was dressed, and he was locked up on a charge
of burglary, committed some time ago. He told
a singular story in explanation of the manner
in which he received his injuries. He was a
member of a irang of outlaws having a rendez
vous in a cave in East Newark. A former con
fidante had betrayed them, and lots were drawn
to sec whicn of the gang should murder the
renegade. The choice fell upon the negro, and
upon refusing to commit the murder he was
shot, hut managed to escape. The officers visit
ed the cave and took into custody two men
named Michael Lorton and Robert Quail, both
well Known old offenders. The ?ave is formed
by an overhanging rock, the entrance to which
is enclosed by boards.
Collections made in fifteen Catholic churches,
in aid of Chicago sufferers, aggregate $20,000.
Mad Tragedy.
Poughkeepsie, N. Y., Oct. 22.—Last even
ing, Charles Giddings, while chipping splinters
from a shed with a sharp knife, suddenly
dropped the hand containing the knife to his
side. Carlotta Moore, daughter of Dr. Moore,
aged four, stood there, unknown to him. The
blade struck her throat, severing the carotid
artery, and in eight minutes she was dead.
The Weather.
Washington, Oct. 22,7 i*. m.—The barometer
will probably continue to fall, on Monday,
throughout the Atlantic states, and threatening
weather will extend from the Blue Ridge west
•ward. Easterly winds are probable, with rain
from lower Florida to North Carolina; partially
cloudy and warm weather in the middle and
PRICE 1 (ENTS.
eastern states, ami prevailing westerly winds
from New England to Wisconsin.
Criminal Record.
UTAH.
Salt Lake, Oct. 22. —The court was occu
pied all day Friday with the Hawkins ease, ihe
cross-examination ol Mrs. Hawkins elicited
nothing materially new. The defence offered no
testimony except toprove the marriage of Haw
kins with his second and third wives. General
Maxwell spoke tor the prosecution,and assum
ing that the defence would rest upon plural mar
riage, as being a part of a religious faith, argued
that polygamy was a direct violation of both the
ecclesiastical and common law. Fitch concluded
at a late hour for the defence. He contended
that Hawkins being a Mormon could not be
guilty of the charge, because he was legally
married according to the usage and customs of
the Mormon church. United States Attorney
Baskin will sum up the evidence, after which
the case will go to the jury. A number of ad
ditional arrests for polygamy have been made.
Later.— The jury in the Hawkins ease came
in at night with a sealed verdict, which, on be
ing opened yesterday morning, was found to be
“guilty.” The court room was crowded and the
announcement created inueh excitement. The
counsel for the people moved that the defendant
be taken into custody, which motion was stoutly
resisted by the defendant’s attorneys. The
prosecution, however, was firm in their demand
♦hat the case should take the ordinary course,
and the U. S. marshal was accordingly directed
to hold Hawkins as a prisoner, but time was
allowed to prepare a motion tor a new trial and
arrest of judgment. I’lie penalty prescribed by
the Utah statute for the crime of adultery is
imprisonment for not over 20 years, nor less
than three years, or a line not over SIOOO, or
both fine and imjnisonmcnt at the discretion of
the court. His is a test case, and virtually
places all polygamists at the mercy of the first
wile, who under the arts is only the party who
can institute proceedings against the husband,
flic case was conducted on both sides with
great determination, ami the charge of Judge
M Kean to the jury last night is spoken of as
being eminently able.
SENTENCES.
Topeka, Kas., Oct. 21—In the United States
district court to-day, three men were sentenced
to five years imprisonment each for stealing gov
ernment mules, at Fort Hamilton; one man to
two years for personating a government officer;
otic for ten years, lor robbing registered letters,
and one for six years, under the enforcement
act, for stuffiing ballot boxes.
TRAGEDY AT CHICAGO.
Uhicago, Oct. 22.—An unfortunate tragedy
occurred at midnight, Fiiday night, near the
Chicago University cottage on Grove avenue, re
sulting in the almost instant death of Thomas
W. Grosvenor, city prosecuting attorney. Mr.
Grosvenor, somewhat under the influence of
liquor, was challenged by the University police
while passing along the street, and replying in
an offensive manner was shot dead. Considera
ble excitement exists over the shooting. Theo
dore N. Treat, who ecinmittcd the deed, is a res
ident of Janesville, Wis., and a student in the
Chicagq University. He is now under arrest.
Treat was a member of the Chicago volunteers,
and claims to have acted in accordance with
oiders.
SENTENCE OF A CANNIBAL.
Kingston, Ja.,Oct. 22.—The governor of Ja
maica has commuted the sentence of death pro
nounced against the negro cannibal, who killed
and sucked the blood of a little boy on the Gib
raltar estate, to imprisonment for life.
D’SGHARGED OFFICERS.
Philadelphia, Oct. 22.—1 n thecourtof com
mon pleas, yesterday, Wm. Coon, a deputy
sheriff, was dismissed by Judge Allison, for ex
torting illegal fees. Win. Irwin, convicted of a
conspiracy to extort illegal fees as a deputy
sheriff, was fined SSO and sent to prison for two
months. ’l'hc judge was very severe on pub ic
officers for their ex tortions, and said: “I cannot
close my eyes to the fact that it is a part of that
sys'em ol extortion, which, from small begin
nings, has grown to be a great evil, one which
is known to every lawyer and layman who have
business with our public officers. To such an
extent is this system carried, that, at the pres
ent day it requires neither learning nor a pre
vious course of study, nor even any considera
ble amount of personal attention to become so
lucrative that their emoluments, in some in
stances, far exceed the salary of the president of
the United States.”
A CALIFORNIA TRAGEDY.
San Francisco, Oct. 22. —Charles Wilson
was shot dead at San Diego on Friday, by A.
J. Fenwick, who is alleged to have previously
seduced Wilson’s wife.
MRS. FAIR.
A new trial was not granted to Mrs. Fair.
There appears to be no hope for the prisoner.
BOLD VILLAINS.
Cairo, 111., Oct. 22.—At Union City, Tenn.,
last night, while the passengers of the Mobile
and Ohio railroad train were at supper, three
men jumped on to the engine and ran the train
back on the track two miles, while two others
entered the express ear and robbed the safe of
four thousand dollars. 'J’hc messenger was at
supper and had left one man on guard who was
overpowered by the robbers. The thieves
escaped.
Sporting Affairs.
PROSPECT PARK.
New York, Oct. 22.—At Prospect park, yes
terday, the 2:28 purse was won by Charley
Green, after eight heats had been trotted, in
which two each went to Dreadnaught and Lot
tery, and one was a dead heat. Time, 2:27
to 2:83.
The 2:31 purse was won by Beppo, who made
the first, third and fifth heats; the first and last
in 2:24} each. W. H. Allen took the second
and fourth heats.
FLEETWOOD PARK.
New York, Oct. 22. —There will be a match
for S2OOO, between Sea Foam in harness and
American Girl to wagon, to-morrow, at Fleet
wood.
American Girl and Judge Fullerton trot, Nov.
4, for a similar purse.
THE NATIONAL GAME.
At New York, Saturday, Mutuals, eleven;
Stars, one.
At Troy, White Stockings, eleven; Haymak
ers, five.
The White Stockings will play the Athletics
of Philadelphia the deciding game of the series,
in Brooklyn, Wednesday, and will play the
Haymakers at Troy, Thursday and Friday.
THE LIVONIA AGAIN DEFEATED.
New York, Oct. 22.—The fourth race of the
series for the American cup was sailed yester
day on the ocean course off Sandy Hook, be
tween the Livonia and the Sappho, the latter
representing the New York yacht club. By
half-past eleven o’clock, the Sappho, Livonia,
Dauntless, Enchantress and Columbia, were
hovering around the lightship, and the whistle
was blown for starting at 12.074 o’clock. The
Sappho, under full canvas except balloon sails,
crossed the starting line at 12.11 p. m., and Li
vonia 1 minute 52 seconds after, it being a
flying start. The Sappho kept pointing up
against the breeze and gaining perceptibly. The
Livonia still kept into shore, and hugged the
highlands pretty closely, and then took a tack
for out. The Sappho rounded at 4.04 o’clock,
and the Livonia about 20 minutes alter. Coming
back the breeze was much stronger, and there
was a heavy roiling sea. It was a free sail and
fair breeze all the way on the return. The
Dauntless, Columbia and Enchantress followed
down, but turned back before going to the stake
boat, and went home and kept up with them
gallantly. The Sappho reached the lightship at
5 44 24 o’clock, and was received with a round
of rousing cheers from a dense crowd of spec
tators. The Livonia was about seven miles be
hind, and did not reach the lightship until
6.17} o'clock. The actual time of the yachts was
—Sappho, 5 hours, 88 minutes and 24 seconds;
and of the Livonia, 6 hours, 4 minutes and 88
seconds. Corrected time—Sappho, 5 hours, 39
minutes and 2 seconds; of the Livonia, 6 hours,
9 minutes and 31 seconds, the Sappho winning
by 31 minutes, 14 seconds actual time, or 30
minutes 29 seconds corrected time.
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
New York, Oct. 22.—The challenge of Capt.
Samuels of the Dreadnaught, to sail against the
Livonia three times round the light-ship, for a
fifty guinea cup, is accepted by Mr. Ashbury.
PROSPECT OF DISAGREEMENT.
The Worid says, it the New York yacht club’s
yacht wins in to-morrow’s race, new complica
tions will arise; the club claiming to have won
the four races, will refuse to sail anymore. Ash
bury, claiming that they have only won three,
will insist on another, and probably sail over the
course alone.
Railroad Matters.
LEASE OF THE NEW JERSEY ROADS.
Pni ladalphi a, Oct. 22. —The lease of the
united railroad companies of New Jersey to the
Pennsylvania railroad has been signed by all
the companies, excepting the Trenton railroad.
The president of that road is absent in Europe,
but the president pro tent will sign the lease “by
direction of the company.”
IRON MOUNTAIN.
St. Louis, Oct. 22—The United States cir
cuit court, full bench, has refused to grant an
injunction against the county collector selling
certain rolling stock of the Iron Mountain rail
road .rolling stock to be. sold unless the taxes be
paid.
MOBILE A>D NORTHWESTERN.
New York, Oct, 22.—Yesterdav the largest
single contract for railroad construction ever
made for work in the United States, was closed
by executive officers of the Moblc and North
western railroad company. The contract is for
the entire line from Mobile to Helena, Ark., 350
mile.®, and is to be completed by December 31st,
1878. The contractors are a combination of ten
experienced railroad builders and rich capital
ists. They commence work at once, and will
put five thousand men on as rapidly as they can
be gathered. This will open a large field of em
ployment in grading, bridge-building, timber
and cross-tie cutting at good wages for thousands
AnVEKTULYG RATE».
(m Daily Rpt—For the •‘Rqaaro* often lines noil
agate type, I time 75 eta.; each RUbaequent Insertion 50
eta.; 1 week 12.75; 3 weeks9l.oo; 1 month KOO; 1 year
|So—and the same rale proportional]}- for any number o
aquarea. Two tinea for one week >1.00; three line >1.25;
four lines 11.37; five lines |1 50. Local notices2scents
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 c« nta per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per lino
Legal advertisements |l.oo per square for first inscr
tion; each subsequent Insertion .50cents,
Special in the paper, and special styles of
display, will lie charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly Spy—First insertion Sl.uo per square;
each subsequent Insertion 50 cents; 3 months |7.00; uno
year 925.00.
of men burned out in Chicago, Michigan and
WiM-onsin. I'lit iron for a largo section of tho
road was bought some time since, and is now
being made in Great Britain.
From Washington.
DIRMDRED NAVAL CADETS.
ariiington, D. o c t. 22. Ihe names of
the five cadet midshipmen reeentlirdismissed
from the naval academy for "hazing,” will not.
be promulgated, as the dismissal it
sell is considered sufficient punishment.
Numerous letters have beeh reeciv <1 asking lor
their reinstatement. A young genthiuen of
this city, one of Ihe unfortunate s n now siitb r
ing on a bed of sickness from the rtfeets ol Im
ing held an hour under the pumn, and then
thiown into a river by these ex cadet midshi|.-
mon.
THE E. A. HORTON ARKS FOR NEW SAILING
PAPERS.
The collector of customs at Gloucester has
officially notified the secrctarv of the treasury
of the seizure and recapture of the schooner
Edward A. Horton. As the papers of the
schooner have been lost, the owner respect fully
asks that new papers be issued, as there has been
no condemnation of the vessel by the English
courts.
THE GEORGIA KUKLUX.
The accounts from Georgia are that Judge
F.rskin seems determined to demonstrate that
there is no occasion for military occupation, that
ti e state officers of his court are arresting men
by the score in the upper part of the state under
charges of kiikhixism. The Savannah Republi
can says: “The law is being vindicated by the
civil tribunals, ami we believe Georgia juries
have long since lost patience with heedicM inin
who are bringing so much trouble upon the
state, and will punish them when proved guilty.”
THE GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS AT CHICAGO.
Senator Trumbull, who has been here this
week engageri in business before the supreme
court, has urged Secretary Boutwell, the post
master general, and Supervising Architect Mul
let, to make, liberal recommendations to con
gress for appropriations to rebuild ihe govern
ment buildings in Chicago. Ilie officials in
question will all unite, it is believed, in asking
for the erection of a building much larger than
the old one, and consequently on a ncw/itc, to
accommodate the post office, custom house, in
ternal revenue offices, and United States courts.
The president, it is said, wfll endorse the recom
mendations in his annual message.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
It Is understood that Senators Trumbull ami
Schurz will introduce new bills relating to civil
service reform at the next s ssion. That of the
latter will materiallv moJily his bill pending in
the forty-first congress.
THE RUSSIAN VISITORS.
M. Catacazy has a special train of Pullman,
palace cars in readiness to convey the prince and
suite at once to Washington, where he will be
IVCsentcd to the president. He will remain Iwo
days in the city.
KUKLUX CAFTURKD.
A New York Herald special says: Advices
received from South Carolina state that, at
Spartansburg, Wednesday evening, a kuklux
den, consisting of a chief ami twenty members,
surrendered to United States Marshal Johnson,
with arms ami disguises. Up to Friday morn
ing, seventy arrests had been made in the vicini
ty of that town alone. Arrests were made in
other counties, but the numlierisnot known
here. Attorney General Akerman is still with
Col. Merrill. A number of well known citizens
were missing, including Mr. Lyle, member of
the legislature, who is repoited to be chief of the
kuklux-klan for that district. Among those
who have disappeared arc two or three clergy
men, known for strong rebel proclivities. The
officers of the law are proceeding steadily with
their woik, and, before the anests arc all made,
will, it is affirmed, show the existence of deep
and wide conspiracy against the state, the laws,
and all who sustain them. Most of the kuklux
refugees are known to have fled to Georgia,
where the order is quite strong. The "grand
cyclops” of that state is believed to be the son
in-law of Robert Toombs.
GREAT EXCITEMENT.
Information is received from York and ad
joining counties of Spariansbuig and Caster,
stating that the greatest excitement exi-ts,
owing to the summary proceedings of the
United States marshal ami troops. Forty-four
citizens havfe been arrested, and crammed into
the jail, already full of negroes. Several hun
dred citizens have deserted their homes in con
sequence of the wholesale arrest, ami sought
refuge in the woods until an opportunity pre
sents itself to seek safety in more distant flight.
The reign of terror exists in the entire section,
and depredations are l‘eing committed on the
property of citizens who have tied, by negroes
and other evil disposed persons.
REPORTED BATTLE.
A fight is said to have taken place on Broad
river, between a band of kuklux ami United
States troops, and the conflict was; so severe
that reinforcements were called for.
COMMISSIONERS UNDER THE TREATY.
The rooms of the United States ami British
commission are neatly furnished,4ind the apart
ments designated for the court commission
ers and the secretary of the commission arc
now prepared lor business, but the session will
not be resumed until the sth of November.
Meantime instructions and necessary blanks
will be furnished to all who may desire them.
RETURNED.
President Grant has returned to Washington.
It is probable that a cabinet meeting will be held
Tuesday.
Political.
OHIO—COLORED CONVENTION.
Columbus, Oct. 22.—1 n the national colored
convention a resolution was adopted, advocat
ing the preservation of the icconstrueted state
governments and existing laws, and the contin
uance in power of the republican party. I'on
gressman Elliott submitted an address to Amer
ican people. It asks more perfect recognition of
the colored people in the workshops and all the
other industrial pursuits, that they may become
proficient in mechanical •services, and thereby
protect skilled artisans from having to compete
in the market with workmen of inferior capabil
ity; asks from congress aid for the education of
the poor children of the south; it demands one
standard of duty or policy for all citizens; it
affirms that colored citizens have no desire to
strike a line of action not common so the whole
people, and concludes with a hope for a speedy
abolition of slavery m every part of the world.
Abbreviated l>i*pntchr».
It is reported from Constantinople that the
Turkish government intends to appropriate the
revenues of the mosques.
The lands along the Texas Pacific railway, on
the line from Fort Luma to San Diego, have
been withdrawn from the market.
The Northern Pacific railway surveying party
have discovered a rich gold and silver ledge
near Roqualmic river, Washington territory.
One death from yellow fever occurred in
Charleston on Saturday, and one yesterday.
English papers announce a strike of all the
hands in the woolen trade, numbering 14,500, for
an advance of ten to fifteen per cent in wages.
An early settlement of the dispute was, how
ever, probable.
A Kincardine dispatch of Saturday says:
Portions of the wreck and cargo of the prop Her
Colburn are coming ashore. Two bodies have
been picked up on the beach, one a mulatto and
the other a young man dressed in a gray suit.
A special dispatch from London says it is now
certain that the Gastein conference agreed upon
energetic measures for the suppression of the
international society. Italy refuses to combine
with rhe other powers in the repressive move
ment, alleging as a reason that the Italian labor
agitators arc opposed to the international society.
A special from Rome says that the cardinals
have held a meeting and advised to |»<>|>e to quit
Rome, to preserve spiritual independence, ihe
pope almost made up his mind to depart at the
time of the convocation of the Italian parlia
ment.
BURE CURE!
JOHNSTON'S
Rheumatic
Compound!
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WARRANTED—NO CURE, NO PAY
See testimonials in Evening Gazette.
AGENCY WITH
EDWIN A. WARREX,
-A.pot hecary,
IX RAY STATE HOUSE
sIS dtf
PATENT OFFICE BOhINESS—AmerI
can ana Foreign Patent* procured, ReecteC Ao
Slication* re-argued; Interference itc--;
pinion* given m t the validity an t
Patents and Suita proeeeuted and defended L i?-
Courts, by
THOM. H BODOE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and chairman of «Uis
Board of Appeals, U. 8. Fatunt vl&ce,) eunsel’<T
Law. and Aavocate m Patent Case*. Office. Dodgers
Bieck, corner Park and I'on Uudtt*. Worcester, Mats.
u 24 cLK w u