the press.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 23,1811.
<'ITY AND VICINITY

New .lilrerlivruteut* Is-Kay.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
Granulated Sugur, &<■.CogiA II ssim
Bonds....Swan Barrett.
An Anchor to Winiiwarij.
ENTKBTAINMENT COLUMN.
People’s Course. ...City Hall.
AUCTION COLUMN.
Dry Goods, &c....F. O. Bai'ey Co
Guardian’s Sale.. ..J. C. Sbitley.
Crockery—F.O. Bailey Co.
NEW ADVKBTISBMKNT COLUMN.
PortalndSavings Bank ...Frank Noysf.
For Matanzas. ...A. L. Ilobson.
For Cardenas" A. L. Hobson.
independence... .J. Burleigh C
For Baltimore_Cbas Sawyer.
To Let....Marlin Gore.
To Let... .Tenement.
fgtipreme Judicial Sloan.
BEFORE JUDGE TAPLEY.
Saturday—Inhabitants of North Yarmouth vs.
Inhabitants of Weft Gardiner. Action to recover
for supplies furnished to John Johnson. eid.ct tor
plaintiff tor (ICO.
J. H. Drummond. L. City.
tlHuicipul L'ourl.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Saturday- Johu Cuuninglnm; search and seiz
ure process. Paid a fine of$jjO and costs.
Uriel JoHingi.
Work has re-commenced on the court looms
in the new poat-offlee building.
The “Old Farmer’s Almanac” bj Robert
Thomas, has been received by Messrs. Loring,
Short Harmon.
Hale lias just received a lot of elegant new
chromosof new design, embracing portraits,
busts, statuary, mottoes, etc. Call and see
them. Th y will delight you.
An unsuccessful attempt to enter the to
U’dCCU Buup Ul uiiuiu Dta^cn uu xiuuui
street, was made Friday night.
On Saturday the Ladies’ Aid Society for
warded to the mayor of Detroit, thiee cases of
clothing for the sufferers in Michigan, and one
ease to tha mayor of Milwaukee fo> the desti
tute in Wisconsin,
sufferers.
Mayor Kingsbury received a letter from My
ers Huntley Saturday, enclosing a check ol
$100 for actors in Chicago. The first two en
tertainments given by the company in this
city lor the Chicago snflerers were unsuccess
ful, hut the matinee and the Satnrday cven
iug’s performance netted $59 59. This sum has
keen increased t $100 by contributions from
the company. They will return here Novem
her 27th.
The Kreutzer Club has re-organized snd
elected Albert E. Webb President, Ira C.
Btockbridge Vice President, W. H. Dennett
first conductor, John Morgan second conduc
tor, Frauk A. Coffin Secretary aud Treasurer,
Charles A. Libby accompanist, W. H. Den
nett, John Morgan and Ira C. Stockbridge, ex
a niniog committee. The club now numbers
s xteen members.
The Star adds the name of M. M. Butler,
K-q to the list of candidate) for the office of
t.by Solicitor.
Toe first of the new crop of ice made its ap*
penance Saturday, but it was not tipe vucugb
to haivest.
Sunday was a genuine Iudiau Summer
day.
The captain of a vessel iyiug at Central
Wh»rl attempte 1 to go on board on Friday
night, hut she lay too far off for him; to be took
a bo trd aud laid it from the wharf to tbe ves
sel’s rail and attempted to walk it. It "was a
little too thin” and broke under Lis weight.
He founo a cold duck down below, which was
not pleasant to take.
Tbe Belief Fend.
Collected by D. K. Frohock:
C K Weld, Esq Bux Wm A Taylor, 5
ton, 3 G B Kimball, 1
J Pearson, l C A Weston, B
Mi> SD Adams, 1 Mrs Ilomested, 1
LG Pray. 1 Mra John Anderson, fl
Mrs CH Fling, 1 A L Millett, 5
•T P Brower, 1 Geo Worcester, 5
Dr E Clark, 6 Mis N C Clark, 0
Cash, 10 50
FOE WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Collected by L M Kimball:
Seward Bnckanm, $10 N Whitney, $5
AlbertFuiier. 5 Cash, 1
Cash. 1 A U Legrow, 3
FOB WISCONSIN AND MtCBIGAN.
Collected by S K Si ring:
llobt. Steele, Chery- Hani-t. and Mary
held, 5 LDeeriog, $200
A! ra T A Debloia, by W V rs Sarah Gerrisb, 5
H Fessenden, 50 Lemuel Cobb, Cape
The next entertainment of the People's
Course takes place on Monday evening next,
and will consist of Readings by the taleuted
elocutionist, Prof. J. W. Churchill. The man
ager makes the announcement in another col
umn that the course is a success, pecuniarily,
and the lour remaining entertainments are now
oil. red to the people at the low price of eighty
cents, and as the evening tickets are thirty-five
and fi'ty cents, we bespeak a rush for course
tickets. While we cannot see how such fine
entertainments can be given at so low a price,
we are confident that the manager will tally
carry out all he advertise). A few reserved
icofs a e offered at sixty cents extra for the
course.
The musical critic of the New Yoik Tribute
in speaking of Parepa Rosa, says: “She has
the one voice, which bas no detective nates, no
faulty iutotations!”
Ry purchasing a reason ticket and reserved
seat to the Army and Navy Course, the cost of
admission, including reserved seat, will be tbir.
ty-seven and one hall cents Such low prices
weie never known before.
This Mercantile Librahi Association
will begin their twenty second course of lec
tures on Wednesday evening next, John B.
G ogli being the first lecturer, answering in his
inimitable way the question, “Will it Pay?’’
and combining humor, wisdom and iogtruc
Ull. The Association bas stenred for the
course the most able and eloquent speakers in
the country; the names of Gough, Chapin,
Beecher and Cnrtis being of themselves suffic
ient to fill the hall. Uev. C. G. Ames, of Cali
forUa, who comes, a stranger to our people, is
spoken of as a speaker of extraoidinary abili
ty. The New Yoik papers pronounce a recent
lecture of bis as odo of the most brilliant ever
delivered in that city. Hon. Carl Shura,
Janies T. Fields and David A. Wells are al
ready well known. The supplementary course
by female lectures is a novel leature in the
history of the Association. Purchasers of
tickets to the regular course will be entitled to
a very liberal diacouut in the purchase of tick
ets to this series. The sale of tickets is al
ready very large, and on the opening night the
ba'I will be crowded, be assured of that.
Vjlxa Mixer.—Cily Hall was filled wiib
a large and appreciative audience on Saturday
evening, and the performance received fre
quent and hearty app’ause. Miss Agnes Wal
lace is tbe best actress in comedy aud bur
lesquo that has recently appeared on the Port
land stage. Tbe ease, grace and dashing aban
don jf her impersonations charmed the audi
t-uce; and both iu the farce of Betsey Baker
and the burlesque of Ernani she received rich
ly merited tokens of approbation. Mr. Sam
Vilia, as Elvira, was immense, and as a delin
eator of female character he is certainly with
out a superior. The remaining members of
the c .ropany appeired to great advantage in
their various characters, and the entire per
formance was absolutely faultless.
This evening the company will appear iu
Haverhill, and we hope that we shall see them
again'iu this city at au early day. We can as
sure the managers that in case 'hey should re
turn to this city they would be greeted with
crowded hou-:es. Delehamy and Hengler are
certainly without rivals as song aud dance
men, and their artistic impersonations are
worthy of tbe high commendation which thiy
have everywhere received.
The Turf.—A match for $100, between the
liay gelding Plough Bey and the black gelding
Good Templar, was trotted at Forest City
Park ou Saturday afternoon. The race was
won bj Plough Boy in three straight heats.
Tima 3.00, 300,3.01. There was hut a small
number of spectators in attendance, and little
or no enthusiasm was manifested as to the re
sult. This was probably the last race of the
season, as the weather is now too cold to ren
der the sports of the turf attractive. Alto
gether the season has been a most successiul
one, and the public are greatly iudebted to Mr.
Heald for the many days of pleasnre which
they have enjoyed at Fotest City Park.
Smart Boy. —One day last week a little son
of Bewail C. Btrput, Esq ,less than eight years
old. inspired by the narratives of the guff-ring
in Chicago, s'aited to Jo something himself tor
their relief. Without a word to ar.j one he
looked over his own wardrobe aud selecting
such garments as he had outgrown aud other,
which he thought he could spare, started ou
on an expedition among the neighbors am
finally collected quite a bundle, ol clothing
which he put iDto a little wagon and diet
down to the City Marshal’s office aud coutril
uted as his part toward the charitable euler
prise,
Statb op Wisconsin.
Execu'ive Dep-.r linin'
Madison, Oet. 18,1U71.
Sam'l E. Spring, Esq., Treasurer, Portland, Me.
Mr Dear Sir:—Ag instructed by your tele
grams of the Uth and Kith inst., 1 have this day
through the State Bank at Madison, drawn
upon you forth* gum of twoitliousaud dollars.
For the people of Wisconsin tut more par
ticularly for those who have been tendered
homeless and destitute by the late fires around
Green Bay I thank the citizens of Portland
for this generous donation.
I have just returned from tb» burned dis
trict. Ituin and desolation aieon every hand
there. We arc now teeiing over 3000 men,
womeuaod children. Most of them must be
supported through the w inter and sptiog. They
must be housed, clothed, fed, and aided, to
commence work upon their farms. But they
art hopeful, and freely appreciate the gener
osity of the people.
Again extending to the people of Portland
my warmest thanks, I am,
Respectfully yours,
Lucius Fairchild.
Fois West Pensaukie.—The notice Satur
<l:iv morning concerning Mrs. Barker broogh
a generous contribution of clothing of various
kinds, almost fi.liug o.c large packing case,—
but there is yet room for a few more articles
which will he very acceptable to-dau, as is is
dc-iiabh* to foiwu"d the case to-morrow moru
i jg. A donation of ticking or bed ticks,quilts,
com for lers or clothing of any de-cription will
be taken charge of and immediately forwarded
by \V in. M. Marks at this otH jp, or may be left
at his house, No. 20 Carl ion street.
Mr. Charles L. Batchelder left $5 tor this
purpose Saturday morning.
Hokticultukal—Successful and progres
sive as we are in Maiue in the cultivation of
most kinds of fruit, we have by general con
sent nearly abandoned all attempts to culti
ate peaches.
Northeast of the Piscataq la the lateness of
the vegetating season tends to discourage en
terprise in attempts to cultivate this delicious
.nl mil lunra it 1.1 fl11ii( licrn an/I Wai.
tern Stales to supply us, with large expense of
transportation ami profit to dealers in various
places, before they reach the consumer beia.
lu this season, however, there seems to have
been a failure of supply of the better qualities
of this de'icious fruit in all the peach growing
regions; and our fru't market has been more
scantily supplied than heietofore. It has been
the more gratilyiog therefore to the writer ol
this notice, aud probably to others, to find that
experiments in this line have Dot entirely
ceased.
We have seen to day, Out. 19th, a peach tree
in the gardeu of Mr. Goddard, corner of Free
aud Centre streets, of six years grow th, plant,
ed by him, the trunk measuring five inches in
diameter, nearly twenty feet in height and
about the same in the spread of the limbs in
ail directions from one circumference to the
opposite.
There were more than a peck of those we
saw, ot a size of which 200 would fill a bushel,
some of them still growing. They are ol the
white species, juicy, rich in flivor, and larger
than any we have seeu in our fruit rraikels
from any quarter the present season.
In a beaiiug Eeason the tree was laige enough
to baai from two to three bushels.
A Portland Citizen.
October 20,1871.
We the undersigned, dealers in West Mar
ket Kow, agree to close onr stores at 8 o’clock
p. in., from Monday, Oct. 23J till turther no
tice, with the exception of Saturday evenings:
Amos L. Millet!, Chas. J. Pennell. C. A.
Weston Co., Win. Miiliken Co., Johnson
Cloyes Bros.. A. Deering Sod, Goody
Deering, Kimball Barker, D. Jones, Sam’l
L Knight, L. W. Lailen, Waldron Fair
brother, A. G. Giover.
Larceny of a Horse. —A horse and wagon
owned by Mr. H. A. Dow was taken from the
Portland, Saco PortsmoDth Railroad depot
about 4 o’clock Saturday afternoon, where it
had been left temporarily by the person in
charge of it. Sunday morning, about 3 o’clock,
it was seeu driven into the yard of the Saco
House, Saco,and was afterwards restored to
the owner, bat the thieves bad fled.
Dufrez Benedict’s Ministrels at City
Hall Monday and Tuesday eveniDgs, Oct 23d
aud 24th. There is no minstrel troupe now
travelling which has kept together and main
tained its organization so loDg ,.s this renowned
oompany. Their reputation cx’ends from the
Gulf to the Lakes, and from the Atlantic to
to the Pacific, as they have traversed almost
the eDtire continent.
111semi annual session oi lue urana image
of Good Templars will be held in this city
next Thursday and Friday in the Reception
Rouu, City Buildiug, commencing at 3 o’clock
Thursday afternoon. A public meeting will
te held in Cily Ha'I on Friday evening, over
which Governor l’erham will preside.
Bov Disappeared.—Augustus H. Batchel
der, sob of Henry L. Batchelder, of West Gor
baui, disappeared from his home four weeks
ago to-day. He was only thirteen years old,
and his parents are anxious to obtain news of
him. ______________
itllSCEI.bAiVEOim NOTICES.
House Blankets and Robes—for the ,'mill
ioD. Cheap for cash at the Carriage Baztar,
11 Exchange St.
Atbophv Arrested—Fellow’s Com
pound Strop op Hvpopbosphits.—Wastirg
of the tissues of the body is arrested, the .mus
cles made firm, and the nerves regain their
power by using Fellows’ Compound Syrup of
Hj pophosphites.
Men’s and Boys’ clothing manufactured and
wariauted by Olio Hawkes Co. d&w
A J ewel. Sozodont Purifies,
Sozodont Beautifies,
Sozodont Gratifies all who use it.
Sold by Druggists and Perfumers. M&W
A Fact.—The best place in town to buy
Hats or Caps, is at Maher Co;, opp. post
office. oct213t
lr is said that if a puff of air we e to be
blowu into a vein of auanitua’, death would in
stantaueou-dy follow,because circulation would
be stopped. The blood makes the entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven minutes,
an 1 whenever this circulation is impeded or
any of its cb .nuels are clogged by impurities
which ought to be carried off, disease follows—
fever ora disease oi liver or kidueys.or scrofula,
or dyspepsia. To get at aud remove the source
of the difficulty me tie old and infallible
u non pii ner, rrit. n alics a ajai.ifoknia
Vinegar Bitters oc,18th 4w
Items.
After a o ur ilays trial, Botts, the nrtiderer
of Pet Halstead, wa9 convicted of murder in
tbe first degree. A motion lias been filed lor a
neAV trial.
Tbe forcible measures ol tbe Presiilent for
tbe suppression of the South Carolina Ku
Klux have had a very decided effect upon
these marauders. Friday 10) surrendered at
Spauansburg, and others, supposed to bcloog
to the higher families, are leaviBg to avoid
punishments.
Mrs. Charles Moulton, whose remarkable
poweis as a vocalist have made her famous iu
the fasironable sa’ous on both sides of tlie
ocesD, is now giving concerts iu Netv Yu:k.
Tbe.three concerts ahead* givun have won for
her the unanimous piaise ol the pit-s ai d .he
public.
The town of Ayer declined to accept a gi t
of §10,000 for school purposes from Dr. 4yer
unless the corporation could make their own
conditions.
An exchange says that the man aaIaocuu
connect a half doziti lengths ol s'uve-pipe
without giving his tongue a holiday is a fit
subject lor translation.
Pension Statistics —The folloiving facts i'l
relation to the pension sys'.etn have been com
piled from the data prepared lor the report of
the Commissioner of Pensions:
The aggregate annual amount of pensions of
widows and dependent relatives upon the roll
.Tune 30,1871, was less than on the 30 1 i ol
Juno, 1870. TbisAtas owing to the lesseniog
of individual pensions V.y minors reaching the
age of sixteen years. There were 67,G23 Revo
lutionary soldiers of the Mexican Avar, and
103,791 soldiers of the Avar ol the rebellion pen
sioned as invalids. It is thought that the an
imal expenditures ‘or peusious for other tbau
the latter class have nearly reached their max
imum, and that daring the next ten years they
will gradually and materially decrease.
All the Soldiers of tub United States.
—The following is a correct statement, com
piled with great care in the Pension Office, of
the total number of soldiers serving in the
wars, &c which tlie nation has engaged iu
I siuce 1775 It will appear in the forthcoming
leport uf the Commissioner of Pensions:
ScMien of tlie war of tlie Revelation.
I Soldiers ol tlie war of 1812.... koiI
l soldiers ot tbe Semiaole war of 1817.....
S *ldiers oi the Blacn Hawk war of 1832......
Soldiers ol the Florida warn! 1836 to 1812 *9,9o
Soliiierh of the Creek disturbance of 1836.... 12,483
I Soldier* ot tbe Southwestern disturbances ol
1836... 2,803
Soldiers orthe Cherokee cmntry db turban
r i eon ol 1836... 8,988
I Sol tiers o* tbe New York Irouiier disturb
oi tho Canadian rebellion’,,.. U28
I Euulll °i!L,e Mexican war ot 1«48.. 73,260
noiuiers ot the ws\r of the UebeJHon of 1861,. ,2,688,623
[BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
UTAH.
THE H A \VK/A S CASE.
VERDILT ••GUILTY.”
Salt Lake City, Oct. 21.—The jury iu the
Hankins case came in last Light with a sealed
verdict, which on being opened this morning
was found to lo “Guilty.” The Court room
was crowded and the announcement created
much excitement, The counsel for the people
moved that the defendant be taken iDto custo
dy, which was stoutly resisted ly defendaut’g
couosel. The prosecution, however, was firm
ia their demand that the case should take the
ordinary course and the United States Mar
shal was accordingly directed to hold Hankins
as a prisoner, but time was allowed to prepare
amotion fora new trial aDd arrest of judg
ment. The penalty prescribed by the Utah
statute for the crime of rdultery is imprison
ment lor not over twenty years nor less lhaD
three years, or a fine not over $10,000, or both
fine and imptisonment, at the discretion of the
Court. This is a test case, and virtually places
all polygamists at the meicy ot the first wile,
under the act, is the only party who cau insti
tute proceedings against the husband. The
case was conducted on both sides with gieat
determination and the charge of Judge Me
Kean to the jury last niglit is spoken of as be
ing eminently able.
.V.IIA At.
tfotelde.
ISangor, Oct. 22 —The correspondent of the
Whig writes that a Mr. Hodgkins of Sebcc, an
old man of 75 years, committed suicide b.v
hanging, on Friday Diglit. He hail pr> vitusly
showu symptoms of insanity.
NKW TURK.
V........ 11,11.
Ntw VonK, Oei. 21.—The Market F:re In
eurauoe Oumpinv 111 suspended and a it’C'IV
er has been appointed.
Gsv. Hoffman announces that he will be
unable to be present at the reception of Grand
Duke Alexis.
Two buys named Frclman wete crushed to
death on Alercer street, by tie accidental fall
ing of an ornamental iron wotk iulroi'tof a
store yesterday.
The State Superintendent has called on all
fire insurance companies to return to him at
official statement ot tueir financial condition
within a week.
Sheriff Brennan yes’erd ty visited Ludlow
street .Jail and iouod things in a horrible con
dition. Due man has lain eleven days under a
para'ytie stroke without medical attention.
A counterfeiter being on trial yesterday, a
pot t on i.t the tvideuee developed the fact that
he h.ri been dealing iu c-uumerleits while lyittg
in Ludlow street jail.
An Hav.tuua letter J the 7th lost, states
that instead ot the insurrection being ended
there lias beeu a series ot de eats ot the SpIrt
ish torces in the eastern district.
At a meeting ot the Conncil for political re
form last evening. William M. Kvirts in a
speech, said: “If peaceable, ordeiiy and intel
ligent Hurts fail to correct the rvils now
afflicting us, tit te is uo alternative but vio
lence or h.ice,it bring impossible that the
present corrupt system of government could
be perpetually batte.”
The Times prints a tah’e showing that Peter
B. Sweeny and relatives iltaw $25,000 per
month from the City Treasury.
Over twenty thousand dollars’ Wurth of Se
vres and procepiin ware and works of art, was
seized by Custom House officials wh ’c being
smuggled through Castle Farden yeslemay.
The smugglers were arrested.
John Fieudl.v was arrested at Williams
Bridge last ni.lit for throwing bis child out of
a window and iheu killing his Wife by beating
her brains eut.
Atl«ihr-r Victory.
The Sanpho won the yacht race, beating the
Livonia 31 minutes.
The trial of William Budd lor the allege
murder id his wile terminated in a verdict nt
not guitty ou ground ot iesauity.
Sieretary Bout well lectures next Friday
evening iu Steiuway Hall, before the Meicau
tile Library Association in exposition ot the
financial polity pf the government.
A suit was instituted Ftiday iu the Snpreue
Court in behalf ot the Miss Mansfield for the
recovery ot $50 000, said to have been loaned
Jas. Fok, Jr., to speculate with in stocks as
her agent.
The losses of the susoended North Atneri
cau Insurance company are estimated at from
$600,000 to $700 000. The assets are claimed
to be $800,000, and it is hoped that alllo-ses
will he paid.
'I he hicago Lsiwi.
Bev. Wm. Alvin Bartlett of Cbicage», in an
address last evening, expressed liis belief, al
though the loss was betweeu $290,000,000 and
$300,000,000,Chicago might be,mam. to look like
aersell again for $50,000,000. Men like Wai.
Jgdeu and George Bntith had pledged their
jago would be immediately rebuilt. There
vere 110,000 homeless and foodless people to
>e taken care ot till May, which would cost at
east $5,000,000 and even all the immense sums
,bat have been subscribed.
The Tuif.
At Prosje it Park yesterday, the 2.28 purse
was won by Charley .^Greeu, after eight beats
wei« trotted in which two each went to Dread
nought and Lottery and one was a dead beat.
Time, 2 27 to 2 32. The 2.31 race wa< won by
Beppo, who made the first,third and fifth heats
and the first and last in 2.241-2 each VV. H.
Allen took second and fourth heats. A match
of $2000 bet ween Sea Form to harness and
American Girl to wagon, comes ofl to morrow
at Fleetwood.
Another Challenge.
New York, Oct. 22.—The challenge of Capt.
Samuels of the Dread naught, to sail against
the Luvouia three times around the light ship,
lor the fifty guinea cup has been accepted by
Mr. Ashbury.
The World says of the New Yoik Yacht
Clubs, tbat if their yacht wins in to morrow’s
race, new complications will arise, the club
claiming to have won four races, will refuse to
sail any more, and Ashbury claimiug they
have only wol three, will insist on another
and probably sail over the course alone.
ILLINOIS.
Nhooiiug of the City Aitos nej.
Chicago, Oct. 21.—An unfortunate tragedy
occurred at midnight, near Chicago Universi
ty Cottage, Grove Avenue, resulting in the al
most instant death ot Thomas W. Giossyener,
City Prosecuting Attorney. Mr. Gross verier,
somewhat under the influence of liquo'-, was
challenged by the uaiversity policr. whi e p iss
ing along the stieet, and replying in an offen
sive mauuer, was shot dead.
Considerable excitement exists over ihe
shooting of Col. Grossvener last night. Theo
dore N. Treat, who committed the deed, is a
resident of Janesville, Wis., and a student in
the Chicago University. He is now under ar
rest. Treat was a member ol the Cbie.tao vol
unteers and claims to have acted in accordance
with orders.
J)uy of Fasting.
Mayor Mason has issued a proclamation ap
pointing Suuday, Oct. 29.h, as a day of fasting,
bumiliat’ou and prayer.
Finaurial Humor*.
The rumor that A. C. Badger, a private bank
er, has suspended, is confirmed. He claims be
will resume as soon as he can get matters into
shape. His books ami assets were recovered
only yesterday from the vault.
li is reported tbit the suspension of the Corn
Exchange Bank is unfoumled. The r^ceipn
from deoosiuus are lareer than the calls for 1
money.
Application* for Aid Urcreafrirg.
Immediately after tbe fire the dailv spplica- j
lions f.»r relief numbered about 40,000 This i
Dumber has gradually diminished till liter*- is
only abou« 25,000 applications. The shelter j
committee thus tar has received 2.400 aupl ca
tions for lumber for erecting of small h uses
for homeless families,and about 1300 of these
requisitions have been filled. A quantity of
lumber has been contributed by dealers and
others.
Aid lo the Wisconsin Suifcreri.
To day Gen. Sheridan, on being officially iu
ing by Gov. Fairchild ot affairs in Not them
Wisconsin, at once issue 1 ord*-is tor the d* s
patch of 4000 army blank*!*, 2000 overcoats and
100 wagons for th* ir relis-f.
Viuionn ’loll©'-*.
Chicago, Oct. 22.—J. H. McVicker an
nounces that he wifi rebuild a theatre equal to
the one dertmved.
The r« l et coinirii:ttc« show a favorable con
dition of affairs.
The employment society reports that the de
mand for laborers is in excess of tbe supply.
Tbe health com mi te reports that the health
ot the city is fair, though there has been si.me
increase in diarrhoea and dysentery within a
few days. The demand for transportation io
leave the city is era ill.
The department lor distribution of supplies
is in a gratifying condition. Considerable
feeliDg exists in regard to the conduct of tbs
Republic Insurauco Company in resolving to
pay twenty-five ceDts on the dollar and dis
band the Company. It is claimed that the
Company has $4,000,060 capital—$1,000,000
paid up and the rest in shares. The stock
holders" propose to pay only the cash on hand
and not collect the notes. The policy holders
refuse to receive twenty-five per cent., and lit
igation is probable.
W< mlici Bteporl—€>ct. I*. M.
War Deparlment.Sigr.al Service IT. S. Army, Di
vision of Telegrams and Reports tor the benefit of
Commerce.
i*
4/
a u 5 jj
Place c
o, 111 2
3 g -2 Z
observation. v
H S
T. M
M
Boston.29.92 59 W Fair
Cbarlestou.S.C..30.24 71 E Hazy
Chevtnue.W.T. 29.^4 39 W Fair
Chicago.30.01 60 SW Clear
Cleveland.29.9s C3 SW Calm
Corinne. Utah..29.77 48 Ca'rn Fair
Key West .30.02 75 E Lt Rain
[uUiatiaitolls....30.05 G4 SW Lt Ram
Mt.WashingtoD.29.94 37 NW Cloudy
New I otiUou ..30 03 57 SW Clear
New York... .30.68 57 SW Calm
New Oi leans. ...30.14 71 Calm Clear
Norfolk.30.18 61 S Clear
Omaha.29 87 57 SW Clear
Pittsburg.3015 GO Calm Clear
Portland”.29.86 56 SW Cloudy
San Francisco..30.(6 57 SW Cloudy
Savannah.30.22 68 Calm Hazy
Washington 30.14 59 Calm J|a*y
Wilmington... .30.23 63 Calm Clear
Montreal, C. E 26 69 62 W Cloudy
Barometer corrected <0«* temperatare and elevation
PENNSYLVANIA.
Nliok ifla Meut to inti.
Philadelphia, Oct. 21.
Iu tbe Court of Common Plea®, to day, Win.
a Deputy Sheriff, was dismissed from
office by Judge Allison for extorting illegal
Win. Irvin convicted of a conspiracy to ox
fort illegal fees a3 a Deputy She.iff; was fined
$50 and sent to prison for two months.
The Judge was very severe on public officers
for their extortions and said: “I cannot close
joy eyes to the fact that it is a part of that sys
tem of extortion which from small beginnings
has giowu to be a gieat evil; one of which is
known to every lawyer and layman who has
busiuess with our public (.Akers. To such an
extent is this system carried, that at the pres
ent day offices that require ue:ther learning
nor previous course ot study, nor even any
considerab'o amount of personal attention,
have become co lucrative that their emoluments
in some instances far exceed the salary of the
President of the United States.”
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Suppression of ilir Ku-Klux.
Washington, Oct. 21.-[Special to N. Y.
Herald.] Ad vices rt ceived from South Caro
lina state that at Spartan ►burg, on Wednesday
eveuiug, a ku-klux den consisting of the chief
and twenty men, surrendered to U. S. Marshal
Johnson with arms and disguise*. Seventy
arrests were made up to Friday morning in
the vicinity of that tow n alone. Arrests were
made in other coun'ies but tbe number is not
known here. Attorney General Ackerman is
still with Col. Meriill. A number of well
koowQ citizens are missing, including Mr.
Lyle, a member of the legislature who, it is re
ported, is chef ot the klan for that district.
Among those that have disappeared are two or
three clergymen know n for their strong rebel
proclivities. The officers of the law are pro
ceeding steadily with their work, and before
the arrests are all made, will, it is affirmed,
show the existence of a deep qdcI wide conspir
acy against the State laws aod all who sustain
them. Most of the ku klux refugees are known
to have fled to Georgia, where the order is
quite strong.
The grand Cyclopes of that State is believed
to be the son-in-law of Hubert Toombs.
A Ku-KInx Account,
1 formation has been received from York
an J the adjoining counties of Spartansburg
and Chester stating that the greatest excite
ment exists owing to 6ommary proceedings of
the U S. :in«l thi» Ir..1 iw Pmlv fniir
citizens were arrested and ciamimd into a fail
already full of negroes.
Several hundred c tizens deserted their
homes iu consequence of the wholesale airests
lid sought refin-e in t.tie wnenla nntiLn^..*
tunny presents itself to seek safety iu a more
riistaut flight.
A reign ol tenor exists iu the entire section,
aud depredations aae beiog committed on the
property of citizens who have fled, by ne»toes
aud mber evil disposed persons.
A fight is said to have takeD place cn Proud
river between a band of kn-k lux and United
States troops, and the cot fl ct was so severe
that reinlotcemeuts are called for.
The Natiaaal tclorcd Convention.
Columbia, Oct. 22.—Io the National Colored
Convention, resolutions were adopted advo
cating the preservation of the reconstructed
State Governments and the existing laws aud
the centiuuauce in power ol the Republican
party.
Congressman Elliot submitted an address to
tho American people. It asks a inure perfect
recognition of the colored people in workshops
aud all ether industrial pursuits that they
may become proficient in mercantile sciences
aud thereby protect skilled citizens Irom hav
ing to compete iu tbe market with workmen
ot iufetior capability. It asks ler Congress to
aid io the education of the poor children of
tbe South. It demands one standard of duty
or policy for all citizens. It affirms that tbe
colored people Lave no desire t» stiike a line
of actiou not common to the who’e people, and
concludes with a hope tor the speedy abolition
of slavery iu evety part of the world.
Kansas.
Sntenei.
Topeka,Oct. 21.—Ia tbe United States court
to-day three men were sentenced to five years
impiisontivnt each for stealing government
mules at Fort Hasker. Odo mao to two years
for persuuating a government officer, aud one
for ten years lor robbiug registered letters, and
one for six months unuer tbe enforcement act
lor stulliug ba'lot boxes.
MISSOCRI.
Natloatl A>olicc Convention.
St. Louis, Oct. 21.
At National Police Convention, tbe commit
tee on order of busiuess reported the following
[jneslions:
First.—Improving the condition of abandon
ed youth of both sexes; secoud: to provide a
systematic plan for transmitting detective in
formation throughout tbe couutrv; third: the
eousideiation of tbe question of the social evil;
fourth: for a perfect system of police telegraph
ing throughout the several States; fifth: the
sub)“Ct of photogtaphs aud a tegular system
for exchange of same; sixth: the subject of re
ward for extraordinary services.
The questions were referre 1 to a special com
mittee. A committee on memorials was also
appointed.
Gov. Brown addressed the Convention touch
ing upou subjects which brought the.delegutes
together.
The meeting adjourned till Monday.
St. Louis, Oct. 22.—Iu tbe National Police
Convention, yesterday, Chief McDonough ot
Ibis city, introduced the subject ot Railroad
ouonage, caiim: attention to me large
imount ol freight on railroads constantly being
plundered, and offered a resolution providing
or police assis auce iu breaking up gaugs of
robbers engaged in this business.
CAUFOIH1A.
Attempt to Fire the City.
San Fuancisco, Oct. 21—Incendiaries fired
the block bounded by 31 and 4lb Market and
Stevenson streets, last night, at five different
points. All the attempts were discovered, aud
frustrated. This locality is thick*y coveted
with frame buildings aud it is evident the oh
j ci was to burn the city.
WASlilNtSTOiV.
Treasury Balance.
Washington, Oct. 21.—The balance iu the
Treasury at dose ot business today were, in
coin, $97,030,115; currency, $7,621 305; gold
Cert ficates, $5,824,500.
The Gloucester Schooner.
The collector of customs at Glouci strr has
iffieially uotiCed the Secretary of Treasury ol
the seizure aud recapture of the schooner Ed
ward A. Horton. As the popersof the schoon
er have been lost the owner respectfully asks
that n* w papers he issued, as there has beeu uo
condemnation of the vessel by Foglisb court?.
The J»cal l.ocn Again.
The Secretary of Treasury has suspended
the operation and instructions ot the depart
ments requiring, after ibe first ol December,
the use of American seal locks on cars convey
ing domestic goods through Canada till Fco
ruary 1st, at which date further instructions
will he issued.
Suictuai KcviDue.
The Internal Revenue receipts foe the fiscal
year to date are $43,439,368.
Georgia Malic.s.
The accounts from Georgia are that Judge
Erskiu set ms determined to demonstrate that
there is no occasion for military occupation,
that the State officers of his court are arresting
men by tcores in the upper part of the State
under charge of Kluxism. The Savannah Re
publican says, “Tne law is being vindicated by
the civil tribunals and we believe Georgia ju
ries have long since passed hatience with heed
less men, who are bringing so much trouble
upon the State, will punish them when proved
fi u*i 11 y.
Mn*t Comply.
Solicitor Banfield decides it necessary that
all steameis and s earn boats comply w tl»
provisions ot act ot February, 1871, and that
certificates m u.*.t slate bow many passengers
eucli steamer bar accommodations for.
The Trenly Ccnuuindoii.
Washington, Oaf. 22 —The rooms of the
United States and British Commiss.on aie
n«-;»11y furnBhed, and the apartments are desig
Seciefcary. The Com mission is Dow prepared
for tii-dness, bat the session will not be resum
uU the 5.h ol Ntvember. Ia tbe meantime,
i-Kirectioos aod ihe necessary blanks will be
furnished to all who way desire them.
The Civil Sex vice.
Tbe Civil Service Commission were yester
day engaged iu consider!ug specie. 1 i-ac-ee of
exemption from tbe proposed system of exirni
DBtion for offiej.
Patent*,
Tbe Acting Commissioner of Patents has ex
tended a patent to John P. Merry, of Rock
ford, 111., for mowing machines, and retu-ed
the application of Nicholas Whitehall, of Ohio,
for an extension of a patent for a cultivator.
The President.
President Grant has returned to Washing
ton. It is probable that a Cabiuet meeting
will be held Tuesday.
itlliTEORO LOGICAL,
syjiop/i* ot Wen titer Reparts for the pns
Tw'cuipFonr Hours.
War Dep’t, Office Chief Signal
Officer, Washington. D. O.,
Oct. 22,(7.00 P. M.) J
Probabilit es—The barometer will probably
continue to tall on Monday tbrougbout tbe
Atlautic States, and threatening weather will
exteud from Blue Ridge westward; easterly
winds possibly with rains from lower Florida
and North Carolinaa partially cloudy and warm
weather in Middle and Eastern Suites, and
westerly winds from New England to Wiscon
sin.
iTLhGttAPnic rnsuH.
The lands along the Texas Pacific railroad
from Fort Yuma to Sau Diego, have beeu
withdrawn frem market.
Tbe Northern Pacific railway surveyiug par
ty have discovered a rich gold aud silver ledge
near Roqualime river, Washington territory.
A. J. Fenwick shot Charles Wilson at San
Diego, Cal., Friday, for seducing bis wife.
A disastrous fire occurred iD Cameron, Miss
ouri, Friday nigbt, destroying tbe post-office,
principal stores, and hotel, the loss aggregat
ing $132,000, ouly a small part ot which is in
sured.
Au application lor an injunction against the
Virginia and Tennessee railroad was dismissed
at Richmond, Saturday.
Richard B. Rueu, conductor of a freight
train, was killed and iwo engines smashed up
by a collision on the Jersey Midland railroad,
Saturday.
On tbe 19 b inst, while being towed to Lit
tle Traverse, Wis., the schooner R. P. Mason
capsized, and before aid could be obtained five
of tbe nine persons on board were drowned.
Tbe reports ol the burning forests in Comp
bell cuuuty, Kentucky, have been gieatiy ix
aggerud, com paratively little loss being done
Cincinnatians are making vigorous attempts
to secure both Piesideniial conveniens iu that
-city.
The Massachusetts Teachers' Association
passed a resolution in favor cf compulsory edu
cation, elected Rev. Chas. Hammond ol Mun
JMLUM—■
son. President for the next year, aid adjourn
ed Saturday,
Sunday oflast week ton Catlioic chinches of
Boston contiihuieil §15,577 to the Chi
cago sufferers.
The master and mate of the ship W hite
Swallow, charged with foul play in scuttling
the ship, have been discharged by the grand
jury of the United States Court at Boston,
Collector Russell of Boston, sailed Saturday
for Kaval on account of ill health.
The rolling stock of the Iron Mountain rail
road of Sr. Louis will be fold tor taxes, the U.
S. Court reiusing to graut an iiijunctiod to
stop the proceedings,
Ebeuezer Whittaker, a silver plater, was as
saulted Saturday night between Wulliugtord
aLd Merridan, C.rtiD., and fatally injured. He
was robbed of §70
The report that the Central American In
surance company of St Louis lias failed is un
true.
Arrived at N w York yesterday, steamers
Doran from Bren.eu and City of Antwerp aLd
Algeria from Liverpool.
Mrs. Pair, ihe Cu iliroiu murderess, is not
likely to get a uew trial.
In^Ifotwicb, Ct., Sunday ulteruoiin, Ah zan
der Montgomery struck Win. Cooley with an
axe on ihe temple, killing him instantly,
lney were employed in a livery stable and a
dispute aiose about some little matter. The
murder was committed an hour after while
tne victim was reading in a wagon. Both par
ties were aged about 18.
At Union, Tenn Saturday nigbt, while the
passengers were at supper, three men jumped
on the engine and rau the traiu back two mi'ot
while two others overpowered the ouly mau in
the express car and robb-d it of $1000, when all
escaped.
Fifteen Catholic churches of New York con
tributed $20,000 to the Chicago sufferais, Sun
day, and eleven to bear horn.
Y., Saturday tvening,
as Charles Giddings was cutting shavings
overhead with a sharp knife, be suddenly
dropped the handle of the knife to bis side,
while the blade, iu mdkiug the circle struck a
little daughter of Dr. Moore who was, un
known, standing near, severing the carotid ar
tery and she died instantly.
OHEIiiN
FlfcANiJB.
>ecdooul Quarrels.
Paris, Oct. 21.—A dispatch from Metz re
portsJj'i.t Herious troubles have arisen between
Sauiji (Ti>rm; ti gnlSioi^ in tlip.
„.«rrison ihere, aud tout several encounters
aud pugilisucal affrays have occurred between
in embers ot tbe Bavarian and Prussian re-i
IlllCit?.
BRITAIN.
Brilitli Cluinta.
London, Oct 21.—Henry Harom-md, agent
of tbe British Government at \Va>biDgton iu
the matter of the recep ion of claims of Brit
ish subjects upon the United Stale*, has been
instruct! d nut to present uuy those claims till
tbe claiiuaut has filed at the office of the com
missioners appointed undtr tbe treaty of
Washington. The formal statements of claims
is required by tbe first of the rules udop'.ed by
the commission.
■IAYTJ.
'Trouble bclwcru Muyli and Spai«.
Pout au Pkince, Oct. 16 —Tbe commander
of a Spill Mi mau-of-war baviug demanded
the delivery ot the filibustering steamer Hor
net, tbe Haytieu Government refuse! to com
ply wtb the demand, whereupon the Spanish
colsuI honied down the consul ir flag and went
ou board the man of war, which started for
Havana.
The rainy season interrupted the delivery of
the coffee crop.
Further l*ariicnlurs.
New YoBii, Oct. 21.—A Port au Prince let
ter of Oct. H:h gives tbe details of an attempt
of the {Spaniards to take possession of steamer
Hornet. Tbe Spanish consul, backed by two
Spanish war vessels, having ou baaid the
Spanish Admiral, sent a communication to the
Ha* tien Government deinaudirg that iu forty
eight hours the Hornet be given into their
hands, and unless their demaud was complied
with the Spanish authorities would proceed to
take her. A claim of $120,000 iu gold was also
putin by way of indemnity, being the amount
alleged to have been expeuded for coal and
other necessaries in watching the Hornet. As
no answer was given to this question a meet
ing was he’d on the 7ih inst., composed ot the
ministers o! France, England and America.
Mr. Bassett, afterwards proceeded to President
Saget’d place for a conference. The President
being at Aux Cayes, Mr. Bassett only saw tbe
Minister of the Interior. Mr. Bassett claimed
in behalf of the Hornet that she was no pirate
and consequently had a right to claim full pro
tection as an American vessel, and in bis
official capacity he would do his utmost to
shield her. Tbe minister stated that it was
out of his power to comply with the demand
of the Spanish consul. Tbe Hoi net being
under a foreign 11 ig tbe diplomatic corps con
curred in the minister’s refusal and eutered
their protest accordingly. A decision will
»oon be given. The Spanish consul decided to
haul down ibe flag, went on board the Admir
al’s ship aud sailed for Cuba to obtain further
in-truciions. There Is no Amencan war ves
sel in port*
Fo; eigii lit ms
Prince Napoleon landed at Ajaccio Saturday
but no demoustra ion was made.
The Turkish Government intends to appro
The English papers announce a strike of all
the bauds in the wooleu trade, numbering
14,500, tor aa advance of ten to tilteen per
cent, in wages. An early settlement if tbe
Jispute was however probable.
The Manitoba expedition, consisting of 300
men and necessary officers, sailed Saturday
from Ctdlingwucd, Out., lor Ktd river.
>1 M fci HC i AL,
Foreign Export*.
ST.JOUXNB. Schr Ida »J—9 )0 bbls. flour, 20C
Jo oaimeul, >00 do retine.i oil, 21 punch* oos spir t*.
H a 1.1 FaX, N. S. Steamer Curlolti—1000 bbls.
flour, 100 do oatmeal, 4276 gall*, porter ard ale, 204
bags milt, 5) boxes cheese, 1940 calls spirit*, 250 doz
brooms, 19 cases clothing, 10* pkgs confectionery,3150
ibs tobacco, 105 pkgs stoves and »are, 19 pkgs furni
ture, 25 bb's. split peas, 3280 lbs bitter, 50 pkg-i sen
irie*.
HAVANA. Brig Torrent—1300 b*xe? sh^oks, 600
prs heaoiu/, 4G,2s6 it lumber, 1168 rho ks aud heads,
5.14 bdls bo >s 1000 cabbages. 1000 boxes lurrirg, 60
drums fish 13 bbls. beans, 311 do potaToe-.
Kemt-o u? kHiltOKdi ao*l *u*av>b«*l».
Grand Xbunk Railway.—250 cans milk, 1000
bbls. flour, 1 car iron, 1 do sliooks, 1 do shingles, 1 do
b. b. goods, 1 do starch, 1 do hops, 39 do lamb r,.2 do
apples, 5 do clapboards, 5 do bar 3 do tundiies.'
Shipments East—1000 bbl*. flour, l car oatmeal.
Steamer Montreal from Boston—100 bbls.
flour, 39 bdls ga* pipe, 50 boxes tomatoes 140 cases
fh >ee, 1 a k ca't skins, 179 stone jugs, 40 bags oys
ters, 105 boxes cl ee«e, 12 center tab'es, 50 bars iron,
li coal fritters 20 bdls steel. 37 bbls rosin, 5J firkins
lard, 2 i-a C', 3 crates crockery, 3 lub.s carpeting, 25
boxes c’jees-*, U0 pkgs to order.
For Cauidi and up countay—5 organs. 10 bbls. oil,
20 bbls. alum, 1G0 window weights, 40 bbls. rosin, 300
biles rags, 10 casks nais, 29 bdls tied, 6:» bars iron,
50 b lls lea-her, 4 bales wool. 3 do cotton, 25 do pie-us
ed wool, 20 bb's flour, 75 pkgs to older,
lew 1 «rC Sink Mfcitl
New York. Oct. 21 Morning.—Gold opened at
112*.
Money at 7 p.r cent. Starling Exchange at 1084
1(9}.
bt icks closed steady and strong.
The following arc the closing quotations ol Gov
ernment securities:
United States coupon o’s, 18S1.11 re
united States 5-20’s 1862.114
United States 5-20’s 1864.113*
United States 5-20’s 1865, old.114
United States 5-20’s Jan and Ju.y.112}
United States 5-20’s, 1867.. ..112}
United Stales 5-20’s 1868. 112}
United States 10-408., coupon.10s}
Currency O’s.1102
Tie t.lhwing are the closing quotations ol
Stocks:
Westeio l'iii*-oTelegraph Uo. 48
Paoidc v*n.......• 45
N. j c 11.ii .iini Hudson River consolidated... 872
N »r-4i v Hudson Kivor consolidated scrip. 83*
Erie ...27*
Eric f.rr' if; id.Gd
.121}
11 *r -m preferred.121}
107 J
..115
LakeShoie V iciugai. ern... yo}
Ulim is Oeiit-V.13 i
Cleveland J6 Pdiffbiirg.1164
Chicago -V Nor b W sie.u.«... 5<|
Obieagc te Western uivierred.. .87}
Chicago Roc* I .08}
MiUaukie& P»ul.. 55$
Pitcahui F« ri tvu-i 96}
The loliowing were U»** quotations for Union Pa
cific e<u*ucit»o»:
Central i-acitir bunds .lfCj
[iMiou Pacific bonds..84}
Union Pad tic i*rock. 23
Union Pacific land gram*. 72}
Union Pa'dtk income bonds. 72}
'I h j specie shipment! t>-day amounts to $278,COO
OaiucRtic .llarkrts.
Nlw York. Oct. 21— 5 P. M.—Cotton quiet and
Jc lower; sales i4Hb:tles; Middling uplands 185c.—
Flour dull and 10@ 2)e lower; receipts 29,626 bbls.;
sales 7500 bbls at G 00 <g 6 30 tor super tine Western
and State, 6 6» 6 95 'or common to good extra
Western and Si ate, 6 95 7 40 tor good to choice do,
7 40 7 65 for common to choice W bite Wheat Wes
tern extra, 6 85 @7 40 for common to good extra
Ouio. 7 15 @9 .'5 tor <ommoo to choice extra St.
Louis. The market closing heavy. Southern Flour
dull aud declining; sales 489 bbls. at 7 10@ 7 70 tor
common fo lair extra, 7 75 @*9 25 for good to choice
do Rve Flour quic sales 300 bbls. at 4 75 5 80.—
Corn M»»al quiet. Whiskey lower at 94} (ft) 93c; clos
ing seleis Inside prices. Grain receints—Wheat 314,
051 busb; Wheat heavy and 1 2c Ijwer; sales li2,
.000 bush, at 1 46 1 50 for No. 2 Spring; closing
at 1 46 fo» Chicago, 1 48 149 lor Milwaukee, 1 51
l 53 for No. 1 do, l 50 t 56 tor Winter Red Wes
tern. 1 57 1 60 lor Amber Michigan, l CO 1 69
lor White Western, 1 56 1 56} tor Author btat:*,
1 64 1 69 tor White do. Rye dull ami nominal at, 90
for Western. Barley steady; sales 9000 bush. Qorn
heavy and lower; receipts 600.299 bush.; sales 83 000
bush, at.75 75} tor Western Mixed afloat, 80 tor
White Western do. Oats heavy aud lower; receipts
109,872 bush.; sales 41,000 bush, at 50 52c for
Western and Ohio; closing at 50 50|c tor Western.
Coffee firm and higher; sales 800 bags Rio at 18}
20jc. Sugar dull and taster; lair to good refluing
quoted at 9 @i9$c;sales 400 hhds. Cuta at 9 @9}.—
Molasses steady. Rica dull at 8$ 9c. Petroleum
quietat 14$ for crude, and 23} 24 tor refiued. Pork
dull and lower; sales 1060 bbls. mess at 13 25 13 50;
closing at 13 00; prime 10 25, 11 25 11 37 tor primo
mess, also 500 bbls. mess last half January, lirst
halt February at 14 00. Beet dull; sales luO bbls.
at 7 11 tor plain mess, 11 14 for extra do. Lard
dull and heavy; sales 940 tes at 9} 10c for No. I to
prime steam and 10}c for kettle rendered. Butter
steady at 10 20o lor Western and 15 30c for
State.
Freights to Liverpool quiet; per sail. Wheat 10$d;
Flour 2-; 6d; per steam, Wheat tl}cl; Cotton j
7-16.
Cincinnati, Oct. 21 I*ork nominal. Lard at 9
yjj- Bulknitats—demand light and boldeis firm;
shoulders 6$ 6$; clear 9idea 7c. Bacon In good
demand; sales ot shoulders 7$c; shies 7} 7], free
sellers. Live Hogs nominal, asking 3 75 4 25; con
cessions have to ba made to sell; receipts 6000; Whis
key in good demand at 91c.
Toledo, Oct. 21.—Flour* dull and unchanged.—
Wheat dull and a declined 1 ‘2c; Amber Michigan
1 451; No. 2 Red 1 37; No. 3 do 1 39. Corn dull and
unchanged; high Mixed 57c; newdo55}e; low Mix
ed 53} 56e- new do 54}. Oats dull and unchanged:
No. 1 ut 37$ 37}; No. 2 do 36 36$c.
Milwaukee,Oct.2».—Flour quiet and unchanged
Wheat more active; No. 1 at 1 19} l 20; No. 2 dc
ready at 118 Oa«s firmer; No. 2 at 28}. Corn lirui
at 46}* Rye inac >0 it 61 62c. Barley firm anc
in improved den oil; No. 2 Spring at 56c.
Receipts—50U0 bu flour, 700 bush, wheat.
Shipments—70(w obis, flour. 87,000 busb- wheat,
St. Louis, Oct. 21.—Flour quiet and low gradei
rather weak; Superfine Winter 5 00 5 23; oxtra di
5 75 0 25. Wheat uqll and (trooping; No.3Re<
1*11130 ft 131. O wn dull and a shade lower; Mix
ed on tract 4l*ft 44c. Ui quiel; Mixra. on truck.
Pork qui-* at 13 00 a 13 2L Bu.on easier,
sho ;i Iders 7* ft) 7 J; lea r i i 7 J ft 8c: clear t it;es 8 ft
S^c S gar cured llanis I7j?.
uar lesion, Oct. 21.— Cotton dull; Middling
j uplands lsc.
Savannah, Oct. 21 .-Cotcon Lx good demand;
M’ldiiug uplands at 18.
I Mobil3, Off. 21.—Cotton dull; Middling uplanc's
18*c.
citfW O&isan*, Oct. 21.—Cotton dull aid lower:
Middling uplands 18|e.
Fsrti^n iUornrUi
Havana, Oct. 21.—Sugar—The stock remaining io
warehouses at Havana and Mataczas is 1C4.000 boxes
and 1360 bhds.; receipts tor the past week 50 bxs;
i exported durin? the we. k trom Havana and Matau
zss 8350 boxes and 2U0 hhd?.,of which 4175 boxes and
all the hhds. ware tor tlie United State*. Market
tirin and the demand tair; No 2 Dutch standard
Sugar at 10 rcils$> arrobe; Nos. 10 to 12 do at 9*
ft 10 reals; No*. 15 to 20at 11* 13* real*. Molasics
Sugar—Nos. 8 to 10 8* reals 4> arrobe; Muscovada;
fair to good refining 8* reals. Freights box Sugar
from Northern ports ot Cuba to the United States
75c i) lihd do do $350. Exchange on United States,
60 days, currency, 1* 2 per cent, discount.
Liverpool, Oct. 22-10.30 A. M.—Cotton—Mid
dling uplands 9§d; do Orleans 9|d; sales 8,000 bales.
London, Oct. 21—11 30 A. M.—Ccusols opened at
92$ tor money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20s, 1862,00j; do 1*65
old, 90*; do 1867, 92; U. S. 10-40s 89.
Paris, Oct. 21—A. M.—Rentes at 57i 15c.
London,Oct. 21—1 30 P. M. Consols 9-J for mouey
and account.
American securities U. S. 6-20’s 186*, f-PJ; d^
1865, uid, 90*; dxl867, 92; U. S. 10 40*8 81.
Livebpool, Oct. 21-1.30 P. M.-Cotton closed
heavy; Middling unlands do Orleans 97-1; sales
80:0 bales. Pork 47s Gd.
JBoalou Stork List.
Sa'cs at the Brokers’ Board, Oct. 21.
Michigan Cental Railroad...,. 1 7
Union Pacific Railroad. 23
[Sales at Auction.]
Androscoggin Mills. 11*64
Batts Muauiacruring Company.. 1143
Peppcrell Manufacturing Coni|»anv. C40
Eastern Kauroau. i07{
Boston and Maine Kail roan. 116*
Maine Stale Sixes. 1869. lot
Eastern lia 1 Hoad Size*, 18/1. 9t'i
-1-—-HI I III II
To Investors.
F lltS T
Mortgage Bonds
Principal nnd ilulerosi Buyable iu
O 1. I> OIN,
Free from Government Tax.
'I lie subscribers offer lor investment an 1 confident
ly recoinmeud the l.diowiug described securities
SIX PER T. GOLD BONDS
ISSFED DY THE
Portland Osdeasburg R. R. Co,,
Due in 1900.
Interest payable in GOLD COIN in Bjstou,
January |;ancl July,
Free from Government Tax!
These are Coupon Bonds issued In denomination*
of $11*00and §"00, and nrcuied by the firm and
nly Mortgage of tbc entire properly aud
Frauchixc* cl the (Jompauy; covering sixty miles
of road now completed and in operation, from
Portland to the White Mountains at North Conway.
The paid up subscriptions ti the Capital Stock
amount to $1,200,000. The road is built in tbc moot
thorough manner; the principal bridge** are
of iron, and tie superrtructure and equipment
firm eland* in very rexpeetc The busmess al
ready developed cxccedx the expectations of
the projectors of fhe ron.i, and fhe net earnings
are more than Muflicinit to psy the interest, on
its unusually small Bonded Del t. flfcggv;
SIX FEE U lTBOED BONDS
Being a Joint First Mortgage]
Three New England
Railroads
Sl YLIrD THE
Vermont Division
-OF the;
Portland Ogdensburg Trunk
Railroad Lice.
Twenty Years to Run.
Interest payable in GOLD COIN, in BOSTON
Mayi and ^November,
Free irom Government Tax,
Tbcse railroads, substantially under one man
agement, are being rapidly constructed in the
most thorouttb and economical muniifr iin
dor the supervision ot the most eminent and praeti- I
cal business men ot Not them Vermont, the cash I
stock subscriptions being sufficient to pre- I
pare the ron«l for the iroa. The local busi
ness already created along the line is amply
sufficient for all its tunning Expenses and
the Interest on its Bonded Debt. The road
passes through the garden of Vermont, and is
to connect by a bran-b already began with Burling
ton, on Lake ©bampi tin, (he uar.st important
distributing point in Northern New England.
The bonds re issued, for the convenience of invest
ors, in dene initiations ot $1000, $500, $100, both regis
tered and coupon, have been committed for sale t
the widely known hjuse of E. He T. FAIR
BANKS* Hr CO., St Johu8bnry, who with their
branch houses,
FAIRBANKS He CO., New York,
FAIRBANKS, BROWN He CO., Boston
FAIRBANKS He E WING, Philadelphia
hre the financial agents of the Joint companies and
give these securities their their unqualified en
dorsement.
The subscribers in pn seating these Bonds to in
vestors in this community, are confident that no
argument is necessary to show the pa sent ai:d
prospective value to the State ot Maine of this
Trunk Line of Railroad, connecting the as
equalled harbor of Portland will) the Lake
system of the West by tiie shortest possible
line and cons'ituting the most available and
economical route tor Western produce seeking a
European market. Its immense through
traffic caDnot be well over estimated amt a most
prosperous local business is already secured.
Jt must always be the great pleasure thorough
fare of the Eastern Sia'es, connecting on one route,
the sea coast of Maine with Luke Selmgo. the
White Mountains, Lakes Mcnsplaieuingog
and Willoughby, Hit. Mansfield, Lake
C hamplain, Lake tneorge, Saratoga and
the Hudson. These roa Is arc built by New Eng
land men wiih New England Capital, and
wi-1 be under New England Managers, who
live in i be c--mmunities through which they run, and
whose management of tin ir own aft-nrs warrants the
[uhlic confidence in iheir integrity and business
ability.
Price at present 00 and accrued interest
in Curreucy.
For fmflier inhumation, pamphlets, &c, apply to
J. B. BROWN SONS,
PORTLAND, MtS.,
Cicm-rul Agents of the Portland Ogdcns
burg Railroad Company, and Agents
tor the sale of the joint Boutin of the
Vermont Division.
SaT’For sale by nil leading Hankers ami Brokers,
aug 15 sn 2aw Tu& s*a
Printers or Machinists
Wishing lor Final! STEAM ENGINES, from
1 to 9 hoi»e |#o«er, will find ii io rhtir advantage to
n
.T. 13. JLTJOAS,
EXCHANGE STREET.
DEALER IN
•’arlunist Tools and Supplies.
0CI4
I o. 165 Middle Street,
VI. A. P. MKLIIG
Have received irom New York
Silk Velvet* and Satiu*, in all colors; Thread
null .Multn Laces, UreMundSnek ICutiom*
and Oiuunieul*! Ntar Fmbroidety Btaidu,
t* riukCM, iu u 1 colors.
occlt lwd then 3weol
IF YOU"lVAIKT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
GO TO
Palmer's 132 Middle Street
Where you can g-t a wide or narrow, -full or slim
Boot, just the width and length tint will be easy ax/
graceful, and enjoy tho rare luxury ot wearing a per
fect fitting boot. sepWtt
Choice Bolter.
150 Tubs of New York and
Vermont Blitter.
Fall make; selected from the best dairys. Just
received at 2i Exchange sr.
A Alloy U. A LDUTCH <C CO.
ocltMseod* ____
roojpbb,
V P PL O Ij STE RER
Von. 31 tfi'33 Free Street,
MANUFACTURER OF
Paulob Suits. Loun.es, Spbino Beds,
Mattbess is,
IIcl>«»Mough I-nfe«*t Bed Louuxo, Em
ainrled Chair*, Ac.
Kap-All kinds ol repairing neatly done. Furni
ture boxed and malted. oc25-*C‘JT"l*ftStl
Aiinst F. Curtis,
TEACHER of the PIANO FORTE
29 SMRING STREET.
{^“Satisfactory reference given when required.
ocT cod 3m __
8PORVSMEN:
J, B. Lucas, 69 Exchange St.,
11 adjust received another lotol those lino
Breech Shot G-n..
Also a tew more ol those very cheap
English Tvrial Uonhle bbl, Gun*.
ocf4
ENTERTAINM KN'I S.
CITY HALL,
Monday Tuesday Evc’ngs,
OC TOBER ;33dAc 34lh.
Excellent Defying Competition.
By the famous
DUPREZ BENEDICT'S
World KeunwDed Original New Orient 9
Mammoth Gigantic Minstrels.
Ot tweniy years’ organization.
Double Troup! and Brass Beni
The Great ‘Jhiei .Monarch, of Mnsirelsv
Composed of a
gimiirt of Acknowledged Mas’er Artists
On their twentieth annual successful Tour
tntroiucing their Original, Various Specialities
The oldest organizer], and most reliable, and the
largest coinplele Troupe in America. Announcing
to appear as above in a Carnival Entertainment cl
unequalled Br lilancy, Originality and Merit 1
Dooisopen Jot 7. LegMaturc sirs j ot Ko’clock.
Admlffr.s,tr&w (-ii dct^
CITY H A L L I
Grand Family Matinee,
-ON
Tuesday Aftemoou, October 24th
AT ‘J 1-i* O’CLOCK,
FOR THBSm
Chicago Sififforci's
Duprez Benedict s
Uipnlic Minstrels.
The entire receipts of the entertain moot, to be
Placed in the hands of the Honorable Mr. Kiugsburv,
Mayor or Portland, to be lot warded to Mr. Mason,
Mayor ol Chicago.
Admission reduced to 25 eta, to afford Schools and
Families to attend wiih their children.
oellld CHAS. H. DCPKKZ, Manager.
1UJX, A. JL5,
Will receive scholars for instruction la
DAICIWGI
Wednesday awd Saturday Afier
uoois ar 2 1-2 o’eloclt,
AT
Army <fe Navy Union Hal),
octl9dlw
M. L A.
Twenty-Second Annual Series
entertainments,
Under the au pices cl the
Merc in ila Library Associa’n
COMMENCING
At Oity H^H, Wednesday Eveuirt. Oct 25.
WITH A
MEW LECXUHE
BT
John fiS. Gimgh, Esq.,
Subject “Will it Fay
To be followed by
Rev, Henry Ward Bccchvr,
Hon. Carl Sciiurz of .Ho,,
Bcv.E H. Chi pin,
Hon. James T. Fi*-ld, of Bouton.
Rot. C. G Amen of California,
Hon- l>nviri A. Well* of Washington,
Geo. W. Curtis. F*>q.
fcSrCoLCcrt by the Portland Bind before each
Lectnre.
Tickets fo the course, $1.50. Fjr sale a4 the us
ual places. Mem bets tickets (each member beiiu
entitled io two) $1 00; to lc obta.ned at I. 0. Stock
briJge’s music store, 150 Exchange street.
The gallery s.jats will be reserved for the course at
11 00 each. The sale of reserved seats wid com
mence at I. C. Stockbridge’s, 15G Exchange (street,
Saturday morning. Oct. 21st. at 9 o’clock. Evening
tickets 50 ceuts. Doors ODeued at C 1 2, lecture at
7 1-2.
A Supplementary Course by Ladies
Will Commence
Wednesday, January 3rd.
The following have already been engaged:
MRS.EMILY SHAW FORKMAN,
misss katie s tan ion,
MRS. CELIA BURLEIGH,
MISS KATIE REYNOLDS,
MRS. VICTORIA C. WOOD HULL.
The r rica of tickets to the supp’ementary course
will b i announced as soou as the arrangemeets are
completed. Purchasers ot tickets to the regular
coarse will be allowed a liberal discount in part-lias
mg iu tuig umi.'c.
COMM I I'TEE:
H. F. Furbish, C. K. Jos-3,
J. C. Procter, II.Haskell,
Wua. R. Wood. Henry Fox.
J.Q. It
Ovf»-dioe26
iBe©ple’s Course.
Four Grand Entertainments
FOR SO CE1T8.
The management take pleasure in announcing that
the Pecp'e’s Course, pecuniarily, Is already a success,
and tickets toe the tour remaining entertainments
will be sold lor the low price of Eighty Cents. We
wou'd ask those who de.-ire tine entertainments at
the lowest price to look at the talent engaged. The
Temple Quartette Concert is alone worth the price
a=ktd tor the whole lour entertainment-. The pub
lie may rest assured that ever> thing advertised will
be carrried out to the vlry letter.
Second Euterlainment, Mondiy Evening Oct 33ili.
An evening with the Dramatists and Poets by
Prof. S. W. CKIUKCHITE,
The talented Elocutionist. Evening tickets 35 rt*.
Monday Evening. Nov 6, a Concert for the people,
by the well known and popular
HUTCHINSON FAMILY.
Tribe ol Asa.**—Evening tickets 35 cents.
Monday evening, Nov 20, a Conneri by those New
England favorites,
TIIE TEMPLE QUARTETTE,
of Boston: Wm. H. Fessenden, now singing as first
Tenor with Clara Louiae Kellogg, A. C. Ryder, D.
F. Fiz, and H. A. Cook, assisted by Miss Isabella
Stoue, Soprano; with Mr. H. M Djw, pianist. Eve
ning tickets 50 cents.
Monday evening, Nov. 27tli, Readings by
HRS. LOUISE WtlODWOK III FOSS,
of Boston. Evening tickets 35 cents
Tickels for rale everywhere.
A lew reserved setts at 60 cents tor the four enter
tainments may ce ob'ained at Stock bridge’s. oc23td
The Lorillard Insurance Co.
All perrous holding policies in this Company are
request <1 to hand them in tor cancellation and re
turn premium, as 1 have information from tbe Com
pany wli'cb leads me fo believe that all the unearn
ed premiums will be Refunded.
S. TWOMBLY. A^ent,
30 Exchange st up stair*.
THE
IMPERIAL
-AND
Firemen’s Fund
Insurance Companies,
HAVE
Ten Millions
IN GOLD,
To Protect their Policy-Holder*.
L S. TWOMBLY,
AGEAT,
30 Exchange at., Upstairs.
oct 2t-atf
Found.
PORTMONAIK containing a small sum ot money.
The owner can have the same, liy calllugatTl
Oxford St,' and proving property, and paying charg
es. oc21»3t
SEE®, SEE®!
BUSHELS Now Timothy Seed; ala©"
Lj\JKJ vJ Clover and lied Top lor sale by
KENDALL d* iVUITNET.
Portland, Sept 2, 1871._ff«?f2<ltl is
W ANTED.
A GOOD CANVASSER
-FOtt THE....
Elias Howe Sewing Machine.
ADRRENS ROX 1555.
pc21 3t_
First class hilliarr hall
FOR SALE.—Best lccatioa in Boston, regu
lar run ot’A No 1 customers, no better paying Hal
in this State. Si Undid Bar attached, will beai
thorough investigation. Chance eeUlora ottered a
the owner is unexpectedly ca'led away and must go
TAYLOR CO.. 20 State St., Boston.
1*0 CAPITALISTS wishing a sale and protit
able investment in a tir?t class Stock Manuiact
uiing Ccmj any; goods fctap’e as flour, Stock sole
to extend ^he business, Very best references given
A rare investment. „ni!f(,n
TAYLOR CO., 20 Etite St„ Boston.
ed, and in ^i Price VlW, te.in* c.j
cais, churches, schoolis. evt,
Rare chance lor a good n>m TAyl OR CO.,
oct2l 3t 20 State St., Boston, Mats.
Wood Wood l
I r AHD and SOFT WOOD lor sale at No. 43 Lin
H coin street. Also Dry Edging*.
nl(KKI) UP ARK I FT til teen miles aai
t from Thatcher’s Island, six mackerel nets. Tb
owner can learn of the Mime, by calling on
‘LEWIS, CHASE Jfe WHITTEN,
oc.17 Custom House Wharf, Psrtlat 4.
r>:NT ERTA1NM i:\iv
Mii. A. J. L,OCKE
.Will open a SCHOOL
Fridar Evening, Ort.ber Ar.fc,
-Ar
LANCASTER HALL,
For tin instruction of
Fancy Dances
In all the iavorlte branches such as
Waltzes, Polkas, Boston Bip Waltz, Are.
The term to consist of twelve lesions. Ladies’
cla?s will meet at 7 P ar. Gents at H p is. Terms La
dies SI; Gents jfl.octTtd
Lecture and Concert Season.
1871 187^.
A Gian.l Series of first-class Concerts and Lectures
are announced for (he earning seasou under fhe aus
pices of the
Portland Army aud Navy Union
AT CITY HALL.
unaniojous vote of the Society oue-el/hth
fi *5? proceeds of the course wilt bo' donated to
the Maine General Hospital.
vJ«eKi0^ieWil,.0pe^Thur"d»y Ereuin*,
Concert" V°‘"' ““U ,"*r
601 mania Band Orchestra
OS’BOSTON;
AkniMfcd by Hire. 11. M. Muiiih
Grand oncer! ot the Season
We Lave positively enj? iged
Madame PAltEPA ROSA
AND
ADELAIDE PHILLIPS
Assisted by Mr Packard Tenore; Mr Kudolplisen,
Basso. This Grand Concert will be under the direc
tion of HERMANN KOTZSCHMAK.
imru uoncert uy me
KltEIJTZElt CLUR1!
As-listed by Miss Nellie Barker. Mrs. G. M. Cum
mings, and Ada Cary.
Fourth CONCEKT by the
Mendelssbon Quintette Club
Of Boston, (Twenty-third reason.)
Assisted by Anna Granger Dow.
LECTURES.
ANNA F. DICKINSON, of Philadelphia.
Subject: ‘‘Demagogues and Workingmen.”
Kev.W. L. Oage, of Hartford, Conn
Subject: “Emperor Wiliiam acdhis Generals.”
1ION. THO.TIA* FITCH,
(Late U. S. Senator,) ot Nevada. Subjeef: “Scalps
and Quakers.”
SAli’L L. CLEMENS, (Mark Twain) of NT.
Tin* in 1 Portland Hand will furnish music on the
evening* ot the Lectures.
Season Tickets, admitting to the enllre course of
Lectures and Concerts, Him) lor sale everywhere.
.Members’ tickets I OO, (each member being en
titled lo two) tj he obtained ot the Treasurer, D. P.
11. Lockhart. Evening ticke's to Com ert* from SOe
to$l. The Gallery feats will be reserved lor ibe
course at $1 each. Sale to commence Monday Oct.
lbth, at C. W. Gilkey Co/s.
A Supplementary Course ot three popular Lfcturew
on Natural History, by
PROF. E. H. tIOUHE,
will commence after the close ot the regular course,
at Army and Navy Union Halt. Purchasers of reg
ular courte tickers will be admitted at reduced rates.
|Per order Committee— F. G. Patterson.Thos J. Lit
tle, A. I. Hodsdon. D. P. H. Lockhart, J. 1). Wil
liam?, Joseph A. Perry, and C. K. Lombard. oeOti
AUCTIOin SALIHS
Wooden Building', Building Ma
terial, &c. at Auction.
ON Tuesday, Oct 24th, at 1 12 P M, at house on
southwest corner of State and Pine streets, we
shal' sell a lot ot doois. sash, blinds. Ac.
A'so a wooden building in rear ot house.
Sale positive.
F. it. BAKLE¥ CO, Auctiouecra.
0;t 20 dtd
EXECUTOR’S SALE
FURNITURE
AC Auction.
BY virtue of a license from Hon .'John A. Water
man, Judge ot Probate within and for flu Coun
tv of Cumberland, I shall sell at public auotion oa
TUESDAY, Oct. 17th, at 10 a. m„ at house H3 Free
Street, the lollowiug persona! property, to wit:—So
la, Cbali8, Easy Chairs, French Plate Mirrors, Pier,
Card and Centre tables, Ottomars. Rockers, Brus
sels Carpets. Hat-Tree, Dining Table acd Chairs,
Secretary, Work Table, Crockery, Cutlcrly. Jfcc
Chamber Sett. B. W. Bureau*, Mahogany Bedsteds
and Chairs, Lounge, Ii grain Carpets, Hair Mat
tiass, reaiuer bo<j, ti. i*>anket.s togemer witn me
Cook Stove and Kitchen Furniture.
lewis Pierce,
Ex. ot Estate of J. C. Brook?.
|SP*The above sate Is postponed to TUESDAY,
Oct ‘J4th.
V. O. BtlLFV&CO., Auctioam.
Desirable House,corner ot* Spruce
and Emery streets,
AT AUCTION.
ON Taes lay. October 24th at 3 P M, we shall sell
the vary desirable property on the north west
corner ol Spruce and Emery sts The bouse is two
story with French root'; contains 14 rooms ample
closets, heated with Magee lurnaee; gas fixture?
throughout; plenty of water.
This house was built at out two years ago io a
thorough and workmanlike manner.
The lot is ot good size.
The location is one ot the best.
This property will be sold upon easy terms ot pay
ment and must attract the attention ol any one
wishing a genteel residence.
F. O BAILE1 At Co., Auctioneers.
oclCutd
Very Desirable Property, corner ot
Free and Oak sts., at
Auction.
ON TUESDAY. OCT. 24th at 12 M.. we shall sell
the very desirable Property corner ot Free and
Oak Sis. residence ot the lute J. C. Brooks.
Said property consists ot a substantial and well ar
ranged dwelling house, with stable, woodshed, &e.,
•onnected.
Tne lot is 45 feet ou Froe st. aul about 100 leet on
Oak St.
This is one ot the finest locations in the city an
will be a positive sale. Terms easy and made k new
at sale.
For further pa*ticulars call on W. W. Thom is, or
Lewis Pierce.
oMl7td F. O. BA 1 LEY C Auet’r* Q
IMMENSE STOCK OF
Dry Goods, Woolens,
«&c., &c.,
Al’ AUCTION.
COMMENCING ON
Wednesday, October 25th,
Ai d continuing until told
At 10 A. 71. aud 2 1-9 P. 71. Rach Day,
At Salesroom IS Exchange streit
The stick consists in part ot
Pahlrr Hhanh, long and .quart, Woolen
Nlinwli in plaid., .tripe.,and mixture.
DJiKSS GOODS
In great variety. Black and colored Alpsccas;
Briliiantines, Mobaiis, &c; Imported Marseilles
Quilts, Irish and Scotch Linens, Body Linens ol dif
ferent qualifies, fine double satin Damask, Wash
Loom and Browu Damask, Real Turkey Red Dam
ask, Napkins to match. A variety ot Linen Napkins
and Doylies: Ladies' and Gents Haukerchtefk,
Towels, Crash, Hosieries, &c.
DOMESTIC COTTON GOODS,
9-4 and 10 4 bleached Sheeting, best quality.
5-4 and 9-S Pillow Case, 4-4 and 7-8 Shirting, un
bleached ShirlP g and Sheeting all widths and qual
ities.
WOOLENS.
Cass!meres, Tricofs, Doeskins, &c.
Every art L ie in this stock will be sold without le
lerve.
Ladies are particularly invited to the sale.)
oc23dtd F. O. BAILEY Co., Auct’n.
F. O. BULKY Jk CO., Aucl r».
rtianutacturer’s Sale ot rockery
Ware.
E shall sell to the trade by catalogue, on tho
vV first ol November next, a large quantity ol
Iron-Stone China, Rcckingham, C. C. and Yellow
Ware, in variety.
fJP“l>'iirthev ptirticulars hereafter. °ek3<iti
Guardian’s 8ale.
bv virtue of a license from tho Hon. John A. Wat
r erman Jtittgo ol Probate, within and lor the
roantv of Cumberland, the subscriber, Guardian ot
Eden r'.Bibbrr, ol Portland, in said county, will sell
at Public Auction, on
Thnr.duy, Ifovrmbrr tJ3d. 1871.
At 2 o’clock in the alternoon, on the premises, the
iollowing described real estatebelougirg to said Ellen
K. Bibber, to wit:
One-hal I in common and undivided of a lot ol land
with the buildings thereon,situated in said Portland,
bounded by Beckett street, and a lane fifteen teet
wide, called “Harrison’s Lane,” being forty bet on
Bsckett stieet and eighty leet deep, being lot No. ft,
in the division ot Lot No. 8, as per pjan roooidesl tn
Cumberland Registry ol Deeds, Book 250, rag
"“rtue ot said decs
thor ted to sell said i*«»‘t« »«,»'alld r serves
a"*nght »o to selV.he same at any time previous to
the time of the auction sa o. c SHIRLEY,
Guardian ot Ella F. Bibber.
w PARKER. Auctioneer.
GEO. W. mutt 1 pct23 30 nov6
K. It. HUNT,
Jornmission kereliatit sad Anotionoor
NO. 316Congress St., will stll every evening
large assortment ol Staple ami Fancy Goods.
Goods will be Bold dariug tho day in lots to vul
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on ai
descriptions ot goods. Consignments not limited*
February 11, 1868. iltt
Lana^an Co.,
Steam- Gas and Water Fining,
221 Fore, Cor. Union St,
t Are prepared 1° fill »|l®r.2e'* j^ sa*d1’w<l|l w«»
SS!«S{i.'^gfe43V*