THE PRESS.
f _ m m __-_
MONDAY MORNING. DEC. 18.1871.
CITY AND VICINITY.

w .i.rcrtiaemnU To-Day.
auction column.
Oil Painting". &c—Henry Taylor Co.
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
Fair ami Lovee—First Baptist Society.
Fluent Hail—Prof Stone.
Fair—The Ladies’ Guild of St. Paul’s Church.
Grand Ball—Typographical Union.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
To the Citizens of Porthmd—C. W. Goddard.
Bowloiu Aluntni—Edward M. ltand.
January Coup, us—H. M. Pajson.
Sho kg to the System.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Holiday Presents—Anderson.
Bushnss Chances—Taylor Co.
Meic-hants’ Express Line to Havana.
Money to Loan—Lateb A. Myers.
Blanchard Maine State Boiler Co.
Wauled—Si uaiion.
I. O. O. F.— H. C. Barnes.
Lost—M. A. Briggs Co.
N nice— A. K. ShurtleiF.
Spec! il Attractions—Walter Corey Co.
For Chiistm in—(Jha*. H. Damson.

Superior Coarc.
DECEMBER CIVIL TERM—LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Saturday.—Albert M- sely et ux vs. Mary A. Wil
cox. Action of slander. Ad damnum $200. Judg
ment for defendant.
George W. Verriil. Larrabec.
Tlie fallowing assignments for trial by justice have
been made:
MONDAY, DEC. 18.
187— Stone et als. vs. Perry.
lbl—Bar tie it et als. vs. Dresser et als.
194—Boston Lead Co. vs. Brackett.
283—Maxwell vs. Mi'chcll.
2b3—Noon.tn vs. Banks et als.
3J7—Cummings vb. Forsaiih.
342— Stuigis vs. Snd b.
351—Green vs. Dunning.
TUESDAY, DEC. 19.
188— King vs. Taylor.
2a>—Brackett vs. Parker.
203— S.ephciison vs. Hilton et als.
202—Pinkbam vs. Tayl a\
3ob—Cleasey vs. Merrill.
343— Emery vs. Hunt.
360—Van Vulkeimuig vs. Smith et al.
373—Thayer vs. Kieharas.
385—Aldrich vs. Dyer.
3b6—Kenney vs. Peuuell et. als.
392—Damon et als. vs. ltobinsjn.
Municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Saturday.—Richard Kiug and Matthew Fletcher
were lined $4 and one half costs each for drunkenness
and disturbance.
William Murphy was up for selling liquor, but his
use was continued till Tuesday.
Li juora and vessels seized on the premises of vari
ous parties were declare^ forfeited and ordered to be
destroyed.
Brief JottiugN.
According to the Advertiser Baldwin has an
Alumni, aud the members are to break bread
together about the middle of January. Arc
liossel aud Mark Twain International mem
bers?
The evening school for boys at the rooms of
the Y. M. C. A. will occur on Wednesday and
xnuay, instead oi monaay and Friday eve
nings, until further notice.
The Sunday Star is making a decided push
into popular favor.
Miss Annie Waite—“a native here and to the
manner horn”—is announced to commence a
star engagement this evening at the Globe
Theatre in Boston, to appear iu the new drama
entitled “Under the Willows.”
The Sunday School connected with the India
street Universalist Church occupied Putnam
Hall for the last time yesterday. On next Sun
day the session of the Sunday School will be
held in the new church, which is to be dedicat
ed on Thursday evening next.
Gorham and Saccarappa have taken over
eighty reserved seats for the Haydn Combina
tion Concert to-morrow evening.
We learn that nearly all the tickets to the
Mercantile Library Anniversary Assembly, to
take place on the 27th, have been sold.
Liquors were seized Saturday at Hugh Doher
ty’s, on the corner of Fore and Union streets.
The steamship Clotilda was towed to Boston
Sunday by the tug Stephen Decatur, where she
will be repaired by the Atlantic Works.
F. O. Bailey Co. sold at auction Saturday
the bakery and four houses on Cumberland
street, belonging to the late Henry Rowe, to
Samuel L. Carleton for $2105.
A boy by the name of Hill, about 12 years
old, fell through the ice on the “minnow pond”
on the dump Thursday, but was rescued after
he had been thoroughly chilled.
The United States Hotel is to be entirely ren
ovated, and a new wing is to be added on Con
gress street. A French roof is to be put on.
The insane woman who escaped from the
Portland Alms House has been found he
Alms House in Saccarappa.
Harry Brown has two new pictures of Irish
scenery on his easel, which will be ready for ex
hibition in two or three weeks.
The Star records the sudden departure from
town of an energetic young man who was suc
Pna.fll in nnftinnnn -:_t__
tainment at Music Hall.
Steamship Sarmatian, Capt. Wyley, sailed
for Liverpool at 2 o’clock Sunday morning with
cabin passengers. The Nestorian, Capt.
Aird, is due from Liverpool to-day.
Postponed.—The musical entertainment, by
the Ladies’ Guild of St. Paul’s church, which
was announced to take place ac City Hall on
Friday next (Forefather’s Day), has been un
avoidably postponed for a short time. A large
number of our favorite vocalists had kindly vol
unteered to appear in the Cantata, but the pro
fessional engagements of several of them in
view of the nearness of Christmas, and the in
stallation of Rev. Mr. Bicknell, of the India
street Universalist church (for which others are
engaged), occurring on the above night, inter
rupted the arrangements, and made the post
ponement a necessity. The promised affair
will take place about the middle of January,
the exact date to be annouuced in a few days.—
This is not by any means a postponement-on
account of failure, but to ensure a larger suc
cess. The sale of fancy articles and the re
freshment table, which were to form part of the
attractions of Friday eveniag, will be held at
the Reception Room on Saturday afternoon and
evening. See advertisement.
Temperance Tracts.—We have seen half a
dozen Temperance tracts got up by Rev. E. W.
Jackson for the National Temperance Society,
f rr distribution among the poor whites and the
f.eedmen of the South. They are monosylla
bic, no word in either of the tracts containing
two syllables. They have been largely circu
lated at the South, where they are doiag good
work, and the demand for them continues to
increase. In order to aid the Society in this
grand work, President Grant headed a sub
scription book with $300, and many members
of Congress, among whom were Representa
tives Lynch and Blaine of this State, gave $100
each. Souse of our Portland citizens have also
subscribed handsomely for this purpose.
Mr. Jackson will leave for Charleston, S. C.,
Tuesday, to attend the M. E. Conference of
South Carolina, of which he is a member,
which is to be held at Charleston Dec. 30th,
Bishop Simpson presiding.
About midnight a pane of glass in the front
window of G. L. Bailey’s store, on Exchange
Street, fell into the street with a crash. On ex
amination it appeared as though it had been
cut about by a diamond and was pressed out by
a rubber strip fitted close to prevent the water
from the melting irost Irorn running down, it
is quite possible that some person intended to
secure a fine lot of cultery, etc., hut was pre
vented by the unexpected breaking of the glass,
which made such a crash as to make escape
necessary. Officers Black and Rounds were
there in a moment, the former hearing the
glass break, but no one was to be seen.
Manufactures.—Mr. Lockwood, of Boston,
so widely and favorably known as a manufac
turer, will in compliance with the invitation of
the Board of Manufacturers, give his views at
length, before that organisation, on some even
ing of this week, upon the general subject of
manufacturing in Portland. From eonversa
tion with that gentleman we know already that
his decided and assured conviction is that no
better site for diversified mechanical industries
can he found anywhere than Portland. The
fuller presentation of his views will be awaited
with interest, ■___
Mr. Henry Taylor has at his store ou Ex
change street, a large and fine collection oi
paintings and chromos, which he will offer bj
auction on Wednesday. Purchasers of gifts
for the holidays should give this sale their at
tention.
In reply to several applications for employ
ment in the Public Printing Department, Mr
Lynch is informed that all the vacancies in thi
office have been filled up by the printers throws
out of employment by the Chicago fire.
Change of Time. An important change it
the time of running the trains on the Portland
Rochester Railroad will take place this morn
ing. Patrons of that line are requested to takt
notice of it._
Back Bay.—There is a repost that the Oceat
Insurance Co. and the Clapp family have offer
ed to sell as a site for a union depot, a tract o
land ou Back Bay, adjoining the location of th
Portland ami Rochester railroad. The true
contains 80,000 feet, and the price named is foi
ty cents per square foot, The report needs cor
Urination. _
Attention is asked to the new adveytisi
meat of Walter Corey.
A Christi-iRN Tree.
CONTINUED.
Arrange tho heavier and larger articles that
we have purchased around the 'roots of oui
Christinas tree; display the more fanciful anil
the lighter things upon its boughs, and let us
spend part of the day among tho shops which
the ladies are personally interested in. For
MILLINERY AND FANCY GOODS
We will call first on Fitzgerald, corner of Myr
tle and Congress street. For a dozen years or
more Fitzgerald has been a prime favorite. Low
prices has been his motto, cutting the price
down to the narrowest margin for good goods,
and relying for his profits on large sales. He
says he is going to leave Portland immediately
after the holidays; but his store looks as if it
had just been stocked for a long and vigorous
campaign. We cannot enumerate half the
tilings offered; but Fitzgerald’s patrons know
his line of goods so well that this would bo un
necessary. They will miss him when he leaves
Portland.
Misses Eastman and Cutts, under the United
.states Hotel, successors to Mrs. Nichols, keep
up the reputation of this time-honored estab
ishment. Their goods are of the most fashion
able description, and the ladies pronounce their
.aste in millinery unexceptionable.
Mrs. Cushman, at the corner of Congress and
Oak streets, has recently re-established busi
ness, and at this season she offers inducements
to all her former friends.
At Mrs. E. H. Hatch’s, on Casco street,
near Congress, a very nice stock can be seen.—
This lady has a handsome assortment of Holi
lay goods, and garments for ladies and children
.nay always be found here. Hair-work and
aid gloves are also especial features of this es
tablishment.
Latner, at the New York Branch. No. 33o
Congress street, claims especially celebrity for
his kid gloves, of which he keeps all the
different makes and styles, and at almost all
prices. Silk velvets, velveteens, ostrich feath
ers, ribbons, dress silks, rich laces, fringes,
limps, &c., can be found here also, and at sat
.sfactory prices.
Davis Co., Clapp’s Block, are fully prepar
ed for a large holiday trade. Here is a case till
ed with elegaut fans. The stock of embroid
eries is very extensive; and also kid gloves, in
which they deal largely. Breakfast shawls for
elderly ladies are appropriate for the season; or
elegaut handkerchief boxes, filled with beauti
ful linen articles. Laces are also in abundance,
and a very handsome stock of jewelry. Davis
Co., make the Thompson corset a specialty.
DRY GOODS.
Lcacli’s, “No. 84 Middle street, is one of the
ancient landmarks” in this department of trade.
For elegant dress goods this establishment can
not be surpassed, while in domestics, house
ivccpiug aniucB ttuu iauic iiueu, xjvavii cnaueii
ges the trade to beat him. A dress, or shawl, a
set of table linen, a lace set or a box of hand
kerchiefs make very acceptable Christmas gifts.
Covell Valpey, who occupy E. E. Little’s
old stand, sorner of Congress and Brown
streets, have some decided novelties, which will
excite admiration. Ieitial handkerchiefs in
elegant boxes containing half a dozen each,
thread boxes in Scotch wood, Dorcas needle
eases, little gems for the ladies; sets of linen
table covers and napkins in pink, buff and scar
let; silk poplins for dresses at unusually low
prices; with a large variety of silk scarfs at the
low price of a quarter; to say nothing of all the
staple goods pertaining to a first-class store.—
Their holiday goods will be ready for inspection
this morning.
HINDS,
under the Preble House, is paying particular at
tention to perfumery and toilet articles, denter
frices, &c The celebrated perfumes of Bimmel
and Lunbarg can always be found here,and there
is nothing finer than those imported. German
cologne water, American perfumery, perfume
cases, cut crystal perfume bottles of the most
elegant forms, pungents, fancy soaps of every
kind, portmonaies, &c., &c. He keeps the
choicest cigars in the market, and a gentleman
friend would appreciate a box of his fragrant
importation from your hands. But before mak
ing your purchases here, refresh yourself with
a cup of hot chocolate or coffee, which can be
had at his counter at a moment’s notice.
RAND AND THOMES,
who have just removed to a store in Deering
block, have a handsome and large stock of
crockery ware, besides a line of gift goods in
glass, parian and other wares. Their window
is tastily set out, and one can see at a glance,
some of the nice things which they offer.
STEREOSCOPES.
We notice in Mr. Senter’s store a large stock
of stereoscopes and views, in addition to his
usual stock of watches, clocks and jewelry. It
will well repay one to examine at his store what
is done in the stereoscope line. Every object of
nterestis photographed for the sterescoiie; por
traits of celebrities at home and abroad; scen
ery from every visited portions of the Globe,
and every accessible object of interest in nature
or art. Prices vary with the quality. Views
from SI-00 to S10.00 per dozen, and good stereo
scopes at $1.00 each. There is no more desir
able present for Christmas than a stereoscope
and a few views, and which possesses an in
creasing and enduring interest.
UNDER MECHANICS’ HALL
is the store occupied jointly by George A. Har
mon and R. B. Swift, watch-makers and jewel
ers., Each presides over one side of the store,
and although engaged in the same line, harmo
nize exactly. Mr. Swift exhibits some Japa
nese jewelry, which is decidedly odd and very
attractive. Rubber, gold and jet jewelry have
places in the* different show-cases, with fine
watches, rings, bracelets, neck and opera chains,
opera glasses, and the walls show a handsome
variety of clocks.
To be Continued.
X> erring.
Free Public Library.—One of the impor
tant things that would attract people to reside
in this new and rising town is a public library,
open daily to the citizens. A movement has
already been made in this direction, for about
two years ago a few energetic and public spirit
ed ladies of District No. 3 (Woodford’s Corner)
associated themselves together for the purpose
of collecting and maintaining a popular library
of standard works in all departments of litera
ture. Their efforts have been eminently suc
cessful, for by their persevering efforts an as
sociation has been formed, in which the annual
payment is only one dollar; and by this means
and the liberal donation of residents in the lo
cality, a library of about 600 volumes has been
accumulated; and all the books are of the most
substantial character. The library is now locat
ed in a room of the new brick school-house on
Ocean street, where all the arrangements are
the very pintk of neatness. The library is
open to the public on Wednesday afternoons
and Safnrilar oi'nninrra and n nnnaidurnliln
uumber already avail themselves of the privi
leges. The association is desirous of extending
its sphere of usefulness until the whole town
shall be able to share in the advantages thereby
presented. The extension of such a library, by
opening its doors daily, and especially every
evening, would tend as much as anything to
elevate the educational and literary character
of the younger portion of this community in
particular, while it serves to afford a healthful
source of innocent pleasure to all. Could the
town, as authorized by statute, render some
pecuniary aid to such an enterprise, it would be
money well spent. The association proposes, at
the annual meeting which is to be held about
the first of next month, to take measures to en
large the sphere of the library by opening it to
the residents of the whole town, and if rooms
could be obtained at some central point on the
line of the horse cars it would be a very desira
ble achievement.
Westbrook and Df.ering.—The County
Commissioners have made their award in the
matters in dispute between Westbrook and
Deering, on which a hearing was had some
time since. The Commissioners decide that
the town of Deering shall pay to the town of
Westbrook the sum of $9800 in money, in order
to equalize the burdens of supporting the roads
and bridges of the respective towns. The sum
of $625 is to be paid by the town of Deering to
the town of Westbrook for the right and title
which the town of Westbrook has in the Town
House and the land on which it stands. Twen
ty-five paupers are given to Deering to support
and ten to Westbrook. The expenses of the
hearing, amounting to $396.50, are to be divided
equally, and to be paid to D. W. Fessenden
within thirty days.
Sale of IIeserved Seats.—The sale of rer
served seats to the great Haydn-Thomas Con
cert, to take place next Tuesday evening, has
been unp e-edented in this city—but one
hundred awl seventy floor remained unsold Sat
urday evening. A few tickets will be placed
on sale at Stockbridge’s, at 9 o’clock this morn
ing, and good seats will be provided for all; to
this end, the Haydn Association have engaged
the extra chairs of the Mercantile Library As
sociation, and other arrangements will be made
to afford comfortable sitting for all ticket hold
ers. Of the few reserved seats remaining un
sold, there is still some very desirable onei
which should be secured to-day, as the sale oi
reserved seats will probably close to-night, ac
cording to previous ^nnquijpeufont. As the
seating of such a vast audience must necessari
ly take considerable time, and as the orchestra
part of the programme must commence at 7 1
o clock to afford time for the performance o
the oratorio, we would advi.se all who can to b<
in their Reats as early as possible after the hal
j j* open,^especially those holding the “centra
ItllMCKI.I.AlXEOl'M NOTIl'O
Soaps.—Every kind of toilet soaps—French,
English, German, Russian and American, at
Whittier's.
Christmas gifts in endless varieties. Cogia
Hassan, 129 Middle street.
J. F. Land Co., comer Exchange and Fed
eral streets, have a large and well selected stock
of goods, useful and ornamental, suitable for
holiday gifts. lwd
Photograph albums in endless varieties.
Cogia Hassan, 129 Middle street.
Whittier, druggist, junction Free and Con
gress.
A well selected lot of beautiful Christmas
gifts. Bronzes, Russia leather goods, imported
toilet sets, in assorted colors and stylish. Every
requisite for toilet use at Whittier’s.
The headquarters for the “Brilliant kerosene
burner is with J. F. Land Co., cor. Exchangi
and Federal streets. The “mammoth size” jus:
received. lwd
We are closing out our shawls at very low
prices. Cogia Hassan, 129 Middle street.
A new and extensive invoice of those beauti
ful Japanese baskets, in great variety, just re
ceived this morning at Whittier’s. Exceeding
ly appropriate for Christmas gifts.
Parties on the line of the Grand Trank Rail
way, between West Paris and Portland, desir
ous of attending the Haydn-Thomas Con
cert on Tuesday, 19th inst., will be furnished
with return tickets Monday and Tuesday at 2f
per ceut more than first-class single fare; tick
ets good to return up to Wednesday, 20th inst.
Southmayd’s Candies.—Whittier, agent for
these delicious candies, put up in fancy gilt
boxes, one pound in each, a nice Christmas gift.
Work boxes, desks and portfolios at Cogia
Hassau’s, 129 Middle street.
Silver plated goods, Varranted to give satis
faction. Spoons, forks, napkin rings, castors,
end numberless fancy articles. Cogia Hassar,
129 Middle street.
Come and see my Christmas goods. Cogia
Hassan, 129 Middle street
“What will you have for your Christmas?”
“What will you have for your New Years?”—
Among the many attractions now offered, we
I ,C.. _— 1.
advertisement headed “X m-a-s presents” in
another column. The young and enterprising
firm of Coveil Valpey are making “a new
departure,” and giving their friends the full
benefit of low prices.
Exhibition.—The finest exhibition of silver
plated ware ever in our city is now at the sales
room of F. O Bailey Co., 18 Exchange street.
They have a table thirty-three feet long and
about four feet wide, literally loaded with silver
plated ware in every conceivable shape that can
be useful or ornamental in a house or office,and
of the most elegant designs and finish. The
sale of these goods commences to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o’clock, and we hope the public will
appreciate this silver opportunity.
Christmas goods at Cogia Hassan’s, 129 Mid
dle street.
Call at Whittier’s, early this week, and look
over the novelties he has for selection. Goods
marked plain. No goods offered except perfect
and fresh.
Checker and backgammon boards combined
81.00. Cogia Hassan) 129 Middle street.
An extensive line of fresh perfumes. Many
entirely new in this market, at Whittier’s, Chem
ist and Druggist.
Bt'SimESS NOTH III*.
By J. IWnriou Sims, in. B.
[From The Medical Gazette of June 24th, 1871.]
For about 8 months I have been using Ken
nedy’s Concentrated Extract of Pinus
Canadensis in affections of the rectum, vagina
aud cervix uteri, and I consider it a most val
uable remedy. I have used it diluted with wa
ter as a vaginal wash, with great success; but I
prefer to apply it to the os tincae on cotton
wool, either pure or mixed with glycerine, or
glycerine and rose-water. Thus applied, it
should remain intact for two or three days and
then be renewed. In this way I have seen
chronic granular vaginitis remedies in a few
days that had resisted the ordinary remedies
for weeks; I have seen granular erosions, with
leucorrhce disappear very rapidly under its use.
I have not time to say all that I could about
it; but I am sure that it will soon be recognized
as a valuable addition to our Materia Medica.
Knowing Mr. Kennedy as I do,I can confident
ly commend him to my professional brethren.
His method of manufacturing the extract is
such as to warrant it of uniform strength and
purity.
New York, 1st June, 1871.
For sale by \V. W. Whipple Co., Drug
gists, Portland, and by Druggists generally.
declGth-lw
A World of Thanks is Due to the botan
ist who first discovered ths virtues of the Qui'
laya Saponaria, or Soap Tree of Chili. The
wonderful cleansing and purifying property of
its Bark gives to the fragrant Sozodont much of
its unrivalled efficacy as a preservative of the
teeth. M&W
To those who are bowed down by nervous
Debility, and despair of ever recovering the
vigor and mien of manhood we earnestly rec
ommend Dr. Walkers California Vinegar
Bitters. Before they have finished the first
bottle, they will feel the restorative principle
at work in every portion of their broken-down
systems and hope will spring up in their hearts.
No case of Dyspepsia, Billiousness, Intermit
tent Fever, Kheumatism, Gout or kidney dis
ease, can resist this unequalled vegetable tonic
which is unpolluted by any distilled or fer
mented liquor. dec9-d4w
$1.50 buys a Scotch Havelock Cap worth
$2.50 at ManER Co.’s
decl5-dtja25 Opp. Post Office.
Sleighs. Pungs, Lap Robes, Blankets, Hal
ters, Circingles, and everything in connection
with driving at the Bazaar, 14 Exchange and
Repository, 67 Feijgral street. decl6-lw
For $1.50 you can buy a genuine Scotch
Havelock Cap at Maher Co.’s,
decl5-tja-25 Opp. Post Office.
TELEGRAPHIC ITEMS.
It is said that the New York grand jury are
considering the affairs of Peter B Sweeney and
his arrest at an early day may be expected.
The Secretary of the Interior has invited
Cochise to visit Washington at the public ex
pense.
The Senate Committee on Elections will re
port that Norwood, the last elected United
States Senator in Georgia, is entitled to the
seat insteat of Blodgett.
The Missouri House passed a resolution Sat
urday asking Congress to extend amnesty to ail
The Grand Duke Alexis will visit Ottawa to
day.
The furniture store of B. Howell Co., at
Cairo, 111., was burned Saturday night. Loss
$12,000 to $20,000.
The ice gorge below St. Louis has been cut
through by steamboats and navigation is re
sumed from that city South.
The citizens of St. Louis will give Alexis a
quiet but public reception.
Carles E. Taskey escaped from the Charles
town State Prison Sunday.
Arrived at New York last night steamer Wy
oming, from Liverpool.
The talked of strikes in the coal mines ap
pears to lie a rumor. The miners have found
that nothing is to be gained by this course.
The small pox quarantine against vessels
from New Yolk and Philadelphia has been dis
continued at Charleston.
Caleb Cushing is in Washiugton and will not
go to Geneva for some months yet.
The hark Canada Belle, from Glasgow, res
cued Nov. 1st, a crew numbering sixteen, of the
British ship River Dee, who were subsequently
transferred to an European bound vessel.
A Washington dispatch estimates the cotton
crop at 3,125,000 hales.
GEORGIA,
INTEREST BILL VETOED.
Atlanta, Dec. 16.—Governor Conley vetoed
the bill appropriating $420,000 to pay the iutei
est on gold bonds.
KU-KLUX MATTERS.
Parties charged with implication in the ku
klux outrages were all discharged to-day ex
cept two from Dode county who were required
to give bonds of $2q00 for whipping a person
charged with immoral conduct.
COLLECTOR ROBB ACQUITTED.
Savannah, Dec. 16.—Mr. Robb, Collector of
this port, after a full investigation, was honora
bly acquitted by the jury without leaving the
hex.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
BOWEN USEFUL.
New York, Dec. 17.—A report was present
ed to the South Carolina House of Representa
tives last Thursday, by the Committee of In
vestigation headed by C. C. Boweu, to the ef
fect that the State had been defrauded hv the
over issue of $6,314,000, and recommended the
House to take the necessary steps to hold ac
countable those persons who violated the law
and injured the credit of the State.
SI ARAL AND.
THE TRIAL OF MRS. WHARTON.
Annapolis, Dec. 16.—In the Wharton trial
the books ami papers of Gen. Ketohum were
decided to be madmissable. Mrs. Chubb was
allowed to correct her previous testimony as to
obtaining tartar emetic from the same party as
Mrs. Wharton, whieh whs hot the fact.
BY TELEGRAPH.
Maine.
SUDDEN DEATH OF MAYOR DALE.
Bangor, Dec. 17.—Hon. Samuel H. Dale,
Mayor of this city, died suddenly at noon to
day of apoplexy. Mr. Dale was widely known
as a prominent merchant. He held the office
of Mayor from March, 1863, to March, 1869,and
was again elected in March last. He was a na
tive of Salem, Mass.
MAN KILLED BY THE OVERTURNING OF A
STAGE.
As a coach belonging to the Penobscot Ex
change was coming from the steamer Katahdin
at Winterport, yesterday, with sixteen passen
gers on hoard, while crossing a bridge over a
brook in Hampden, the hind wheel of the coach
slewed off and tlio coach overturned, catching
Artemas B. Simons, Messenger Of the East
ern Express Co., underneath the coach and
killing him instantly. No other passenger was
seriously injured although several was consid
erably bruised. Mr. Simons belonged in Ken
lall’s Mills where his body was taken last
night.
SUDDEN DEATH.
Jeremiah Sweetzer, of Newburg, dropped
lead on Friday while sitting in his chair. He
was 76 years old.
WASHINGTON.
TREASURY BALANCES.
Washington, Dec. 16.—The following are the
balances in the Treasury to-day:—Coin, $108,
D8,l)18; currency, $8,135,171; coin certificates,
>14,887,000.
THE MIXED CLAIMS COMMISSION.
The United States aud British mixed claims
commission to-day disallowed the demurrer in
.he cases of Anthony Barclay against the
Unitgd States aud of Jas. Crutcliell against the
United States. The claim of Win. Duuu
against the United States was disallowed. The
commission adjourned until the 84th of Janu
ary.
COTTON AND CORN.
The Department of Agriculture gives the fol
lowing as the condition of the cotton crop:—
The cottoij returns received in December an
iimilarin tenor to tho November report. A
fair rendering of the recent local estimates,
which have been unusually numerous and com
plete, gives a total aggregate of 3,400,000 bales
m the present expectation of the cotton yield
if 1871. The area in in corn has been greater
than in any former year. The estimate for 1871
was 1.094.000.000 bushels, heimr •'■'A Ills I luu
more than that of the small crop of 1861), while
v calculation of the local estimates of the pres
ent year gives a total product of 1,01)2,000,000.
THE WOOL CLIP.
Washington, Dec. 17.—The wool crop of the
United States for the year ending June 12,1870,
According to the census returns, amounted to
*.01,284,678, including 47,020,647 from the North
Western States.
CONGRESS.
Many Congressmen will leave Wednesday for
home to spend the holidays. Quorums are not
expected on Thursday. All important matters
—the consideration of the tarilf and the ques
tion of Cuba iucluded—will go over till after
recess.
SAN DOMINGO.
A private letter from San Domingo says the
two years lease of the Bay of Samana having
expired, the United States dag has been hauled
down.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS.
The Southern claims commission will resume
their sessions immediately after New Year’s.
£n the meantime they will take up 200 or 300
eases now ready for decision and prepare them
tor consideration by the House Committee on
Claims.
MASSACHUSETTS.
DOUBLE TRAGEDY.
A man murders his Wife and is
Shot by an Officer.
Lynn, Dec. lfi.—William Vannar alias Brown,
residing on Adams street, fatally stabbed his
wife at 9 o’clock this morning, the knife pene
trating her body in several places, and fled to
Hock’s pasture, pursued by the police. Here
the officers surrounded him, and he made a
desperate resistance, attacking an officer named
Thurston, dirk in hand. In the scuffle Brown
gained the ascendancy,and officer Whiton came
to his rescue armed only with a club. Whiton
used his club with energy, hut did not prevent
the desperate man from stabbing officer Thurs
ton several times. The City Marshal came up
in the nick of time and prevented serious cou
sequences only by the prompt use of his revolv
er, killing the desperado on the spot. Thurs
ton’s injuries are maiulv about the head, and
are not considered serious. The body of the
murderer has been brought to the police head
quarters, and there is much excitement. He
was a native of Augusta, Me., and has two sis
ters in Lynn. He arose at 5 o’clock this morn
ing and went out after liquor, but came in to
breakfast as usual, and without any trouble fol
lowed bis wife down stairs and inflicted thirty
__1- __1*~1- 1_ _
wife had recently given him. Before the mur
derer took flight a neighbor named Allen,
aroused by hearing the screams of the unfortu
nate woman, went to the doorand attempted to
enter, but was met by the murderer who, with
the dirk knife reeking with blood iu his hand,
dared Mr. Allen to advance a single step. At
once retreating, Mr. Allen went for assistance,
but before he returned Brown fled to the woods
as above stated. Hundreds at once started out
in pursuit aud tracked him by his footmarks in
the snow.
DEATH OF A RRAKEMAN.
Boston, Dec. 1(1.—Lucius F. Kelley, brake
man on the Boston Albany Railroad, died
to-day of injuries from being accidentally
knocked off a freight car.
BURGLARIES.
Last night Middleboro, Mass., was visited by
skillful burglars who blew open the safe of C.
B. Wood, ToWn Clerk and Treasurer, robbing
it of $1500 in greenbacks; also the safe of Shaw
Co., expressmen, obtaining $75. The burg
lars stole a valuable horse and carriage, which
were subsequently found in the suburbs of
Taunton, eleven miles from Middleboro.
Col. Lawrence, of Elgin, 111., who jumped
from a window of the American House in a fit
of insanity Friday, died this morning.
INJUNCTION MADE PERPETUAL.
The injunction restraining the New England
Mutual Marine Insurance Co. from transacting
business has beeu made perpetual and receivers
appointed.
FIRE.
Boston, Dec. 17.—There was a fire this morn
ing in the stores Nos. ID, 20 and 21 Hawley
street, occupied by Foley Co., junk dealers,
in the basement, loss $.1000; second and third
stories by Walworth Co., gas generators, loss
$10,000; fourth story by Wm. R. Barnett, loss
$2000; top loft by Bartlett Butman, loss
$3000; damage to building $7000; partially in
sured.
NEW YORK.
ARREST OF BOSS TWEED ON THE CHARGE OF
FELONY.
New York, Dec. 10.—Win. M. Tweed was
arrested last night at the Metropolitan Hotel
where he remained in charge of a sheriff. The
Grand Jury yesterday found a hill against him
charging him with committing a felony, where
upon the District Attorney notified Charles
O’Conor who, in company with the former offi
cer, obtained a warrant from Recorder Hackett
for Tweed’s arrest. Bail will not be accepted
by the sheriff unless acceptable to Charles
O’Conor.
Every effort was made by Tweed and his
friends to keep the secret and they were suc
cessful until a very late hour.
It is understood that these proceedings are
based upon affidavits made by Keyser, who is
reported to have been promised immunity in
any prosecutions that may be instituted on con
dition that he will briug definite charges against
suspected city officials. Keyser, it is said, came
from South Carolina where he has beeu staying
for his health, a few days ago, and the intended
action of the Bureau of Municipal Correction,
for it is from that quarter the complaint is sup
posed to orig:nate, lias been kept a profound
secret.
Tweed appeared in court accompanied by
John Graham, ex-Judge Fullerton and David
Dudley Field, as counsel. He was cheered by
friends in the court. District Attorney Gar
vin announced his readiness to go on with the
ease of Tweed. Graham applied for an exten
sion of time to plead. Garvin had no objection
to giving a reasonable time, in the meantime
the prisoner being committed in the usual way.
Judge Bedford consented and the time was
granted. Charles O’Conor and Gen. Barlow at
tended in behalf of the people.
When the written order for the commitment
of Tweed was made out, his counsel bitterly
protested that the words “without bail” had
been inserpolated and protested against this act
of the District Attorney. Tweed was then com
mitted to the Tombs without bail.
Judge Barnard has granted a writ of habeas
corpus to bring Tweed before him immediately
on a motion that bail be allowed.
THE PARADE OF THE INTERNATIONALS.
New York, Dec. 17.—'The parade of the in
ternationals to-day proved a success. The oc
casion is regarded not only as a mark of sym
pathy for the cause in which Rossel and his
eomrades suffered, but also as a triumph over
Police Commissioners.
At noon the gathering commenced in the
neighborhood of Cooper Institute and soon the
thoroughfares on either side of it in Third and
Fourth avenues became nearly blocked up,
there beiug besides the intending processionists,
gazers who from time to time cheered every
one in geueral, and the female communists,
Woodhull and Clatlin in particular. About a
quarter past two o’clock there was a general
stir among the masses and soon the solemn
notes of a funeral dirge were heard from the
band of Hawkins’s Zouaves which fonqed the
head of the column. Immediately after came
a platoon of the Scidmore Guards (colored) and
then Messrs. Banks and Fuereau followed by a
number of ladies on foot. Among them was
Miss Teanie'0. Clatlin, carrying a red flag,
which bore the inscription, “I. A. >Y., Section
13, social and political equality for both sexes,”
and Mrs. Victoria Woodhull, then the Societies
a> d Unions in (lie following order; Cuban
league bearing Culun flags, another crowd of
females a d sonic males with tho drum corps of
Hawkins's Zouaves; tho catafalque, upon which
were three coffins drawn by six horses, M. M.
Deveure and Megy, late commander of fort
Issy, as pall bearers, and walking with them
about a dozen refugees from Paris; the French
legion of the Printers’ Union, Bricklayer’s Un
ion, Cabinet Makers’ Union, and five carriages,
in all close on to 3(100 people. In the foremust
carriage sat Gen. Ryan, of Cuban notoriety, anfl
the Fenian chief, O’Donovan Rossa. In anoth
er carria^e rode airs. Frances Rose McKinley.
The catafalque was substantially, yet tastefully
ma le. It was draped black with an inscription
ou tlie sides in white letters, “To the martyrs of
the universal republic,” and it was decorated
with red flags and streamers mingled with
mourning crape. The processionists generally
Wore red rosettes and scarfs with black crape,
and the banners and flags were nearly all of thr
earn color. The banner captured last Sunday
by the police was most noticeable. It bore the
insc iption, “The spirit of the commune ex
pan Is as the axe of the executioner falls on the
martyrs.” On another banner was
The world is our country to do good our re
ligion,” and on another “And they had all
things in common.”
1' ifth avenue was entirely deserted for once
'by the ‘‘upper ten” who took refuge behind
th-ir window curtains, occasion Uy peeping
out at the reds. The greatest order prevailed
throughout.
EX-GOVERNOR SEWARD VERY LOW.
Auburn papers state that the Hon. Wra. H.
reward is very low from paralysis.
BIBLE READING DENOUNCED.
At the St. Stephen's Roman Catholic church
po-day, Rev. Dr. McFlvnn denounced the read
ing of the Bible in public schools and declared
it was contrary to the constitution of the Uni
ted States.
tweed’s troubles.
The Tribune says that bailing Tweed on a
criminal charge don’t prevent his early com
imtal to jail. The extension of the time for the
justification of his bondsmen in the civil suit is
rapidly coming to a close, and if they can’t sat
isfy the court, Tweed will have to go to Ludlow
street jail.
THE RING RECORD AND RUMOR.
It is reported that James H. Ingersoll left
yesterday for Europe in the steamer Rhein.
James W. Sweeney, Hu*jli Smith, and several
^ther riugmen arc at Toronto. The rumors
*H'»at last night of the arrest of Mayor Hall
an I Peter B. Sweeney proveto be false. Judge
^ardoza has made the receivership of the New
Amsterdam Insurance Co. perpetual, and the
company must go into liquidation,
the last of catacazy.
Advices are to the effect that Gor'chakoff his
ordered Catacazy to leave America after accom
panying the Grand Duke as far as St. Louis,
and the legation to be placed in charge of Bar
Vowzas’ Secretary, until the arrival of
the Charge d’Affairs, who leaves at once.
TWEED to BE ARRESTED ON 21 INDICTMENTS.
The statement that Tweed is to be arrested
on each of the 21 indictments found against
him is confirmed.
CALIFORNIA.
INSURANCE MATTERS.
San Francisco, Dec. lb.—The Occidental
insurance Company has rosumed all outstand
policies.
The Commercial Union Fire Insurance Com
pany of London, England, will retire from busi
ness after settling its Chicago losses at fifty
cents on a dollar.
The Pacific Fire Insurance Company will
have a deficit of over $100,000, which the stock
holders will make up subscription.
ARRIVAL OF THE GREAT REPUBLIC.
San Francisco, Dec. 17.—The steamer Great
Republic from Hong Kong and Yokohama has
areived. She brings as freight to go overland,
12,705 packages of tea and 201 packages of silks
ror New \ork; 1811 packages of tea for Bos
ton; 45 packages of siik for Hartford; 2001
t"*—o-— vum-u, mm -.1 pacaages
of tea for St. Louis. The steamer passed thirty
miles from Survey Island, Nov. 10th, and saw
a new volcano in violent erruption.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
The Apache Indians who murdered Loritig
and party at Wickenburg have lleed to the
mountains.
The new silver mines on Gila river are caus
ing much excitement.
Capt. J. H. O’Brien, formerly of the San
Francisco fire department, has been burned to
death in a fire at Sacramento.
The schooner Hutchinson from Alaska,
brings from Adoho Island, three shipwrecked
Japanese seamen, whose junk was disabled off
the coast of Japan and drifted by the Japanese
gulf stream 2000 miles in nine months, finally
reaching there. Twenty-three others of the
crew starved to death.
THE JAPANESE EMBASSY.
Advices from Yeddo, say that the Embassy
which sails from Yokoiioma to-day and is due
here January 18, will be the most important
that has ever left the Oriental nation for Amer
ica or Europe. It is sent by the order of the
Japanese Parliament and Mikado that the rul
ing classes may study for themselves western
civilization and not depend upon the reports of
their inferiors as hitherto. Its head will be
Jawkura, late Minister of Foreign Affairs and
the new Prime Minister of Japan, assisted by
Kido, Chief of the Emperor’s Privy Council,
the Chief Minister of the Public Works, Chief
Minister of Finance and Vice Minister of For
eign Affairs, to be accompanied by eight Secre
taries, twenty-one officers of rank and twenty
one young noblemen, travelling for information.
They will proceed to Washington overland, vis
it the principal cities of America, thence to
Europe and around the world.. United States
Minister Delong accompanies them to Wash
ington.
ltain commenced this evening throughout
California.
FOREIGN.
GREAT BRITAIN.
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
HE CONTINUES TO IMPROVE.
London, Dec. 16—5 A. M.—The Prince of
Wales progresses so well towards recovery that
it is already proposed that Princes Arthur and
Leopold and the Princess Beatrice leave San
dringham to-day for Windsor Castle. Prince
Alfred will soon follow.
Lonion, 11 A. if.—The first bulletin of the
condition of the Prince of Wales to-dav is as
ioliows:
Stndrinyham, 9 A. M —The t'onvaVs^en e
of the Prince has commenced and piogr -sses
slowly but steadily.
London, Dec. lfi.—The Prince of Wales has
now entered upon the first stages of recovery.—
There is every indication at Sandringham thaL,
the danger is over. The members of the Koya!
family who were summoned thither in such
haste and have remained there all the week are
preparing to leave.
London, 7 P. M.—An official bulletin issued
from Sandringham at 8 o’clock this morning
announced that the Prince of Wales passed a
quiet night and was satisfactorily progressing
towards recovery. Another bulletin issued
late this afternoon reports that the Prince had
a tranquil day.
FB1NOE.
THE INTRIGUES GF THE ORLEANI3T3—THE
OVERTHROW OF THE REPUBLIC PLANNED.
Paris, Dec. lo.—At half past five Thursday
morning another interview took place between
Thiers and the Orleans Princes, which lasted
an hour and a half, and was of an unfriendly
character. Thiers complained especially that
the Due d’ Aumale had not strictly observed
the terms of the previous agreement inasmuch
as he had endeavored to interest Generals in his
favor.
Tlie Due d’Aumale denied this.
Thiers said, “I know that you have visited
many General who are members of the Assem
bly with the view to obtain their support in
case of an emergency. You had several inter
views with General Ducrut to whom you laid
bare your purposes. You saw General Billot, at
whose private residence in Paris you called.—
You saw Generals Martin, DePaillieres, Canzy
and others. I doubt not your aim is patriotic,
but to pursue it thus is not in accordance with
our agreement, and I was particularly surprised
and discontented that, not satisfied with these
measures, you also made similar visits to many
of the subordinate Generals of the army of
Paris whose names I can give you if you are ig
norant of them.”
The Due d’Aumale answered evasively and
terminated the interview with the declaration
that he would now take the advice of his friends,
not as to whether he shall take his seat, but
only with reference as to the proper time for
doing so. 4k
General Bourbaki told the Due d’Aumale in
the presence of General Ducrot, that only a re
public or an empire was competent to restore
France, and he could serve no other rule.
The Orleans plan is for the Bight to take ad
vantage of President Thiers’ impatience, and
at the first opportunity to force his resignation,
moIrD il’Annv.ilp pTidniflpnf. and to follow with a
declaration proclaiming the Count deChambord
King of France, the Count de Paris heir to tie
throne and the Due d’Aumale Lieut. General of
the Kingdom.
SWITZERLAND.
JESUITS INTERDICTED.
Rome, Dec. lfi.—The Federal Assembly have
passed a bill interdicting the establishment of
Jesuit cominu lities or the employment of Je
suits as doctrinal teach :rs in Switzerland.
JAPAN.
TREATY TO OPEN THE WHOLE COUNTRY.
Yokohama, Nov. 22.—An embassy leaves by
tlie uext mail to confer with foreign govern
ments relative to a revision of the treaties to
be made in July uext by the united demand of
foreign cabinets. The Mikado is willing to
open up the entire country to foreign inter
course, but the request must be a united one to
have any effect.
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE.
A fire at Hokodadi destroyed nearly the
whole town and property valued at over &D00,
000.
VARIOUS MATTERS.
Minister Delong returns home by The next
steamer to confer about the revision oi tlie
treaties.
The exports of tea are a million pounds in ex
oessof last scasonwitbabr.sk demand; silk
firm.
Another embassy has been sent to Corea by
the Mikado.
The Japanese are discarding their dress for
foreign styles.
MEXICO.
PROGRESS Of TJJB REVOLUTION—INTERVEN
TION BY THE UNITED STATES DISCUSSED.
Mexico, Dec. 9—Via Havana, Dec. 17.—The
revolution continues to spread The States of
Oaxaca, Neural, Leon, Smora, D irango and
Zacatruas are in the power of the revolutionists
and pronunciamentos prevail in San Luis, Vera
Cruz and Puebla.
President Juarez opened the session of Con
gress on thh 1st with a remarkable speech on
on the situation. He said that the country ap
pears to consign itself to an unfruitful struggle
and that militarism again opposes tlie standard
of legality, bringing back the time when revo
lution signified a change of individuals in pow
er. He counts upon the aid of Congress to sup
press the seditions movements. The Speaker
I of Congress replied, that Congress trusts that
peace will soon he re-established nu<l that the
Republic qre satisfied with the election of
Juarez, excepting the States of Neuva, Leon
and Oaxaca, and the bandits, who are robbing
conductat, Juarez lias closed tlie ports of San
Angel and Salina Cruz. He maintains a tear
less attitude aiul speaks confidently of crushing
the rebellion. The government troops to the
number of 14,000 are pressing Portirio Diaz,
who has three or four thuqsiuid (litSU, It is
supposen, however, that OfeR. Rocha’s retreat
frmV&btaHcan is the beginning °f the govern
ment reverses, as Diaz is the best general. Es
edbado has resigned his governorship and taken
tlie field. Ample powers, equivalent to dicta
torships have been granted to Juarez gqyurnois
of States. The journals of fbe ftapittu are dis
cussing the Lt»i'iwh(litles ot an American pro
tectorate. Except among officials, foreign min
isters and consuls, the belief in American inter
vention is credited and considered the only sap
vation for the country.
The two Republican newspapers boldly an
nounces that present events are driving to a
protectorate or annexation to the United States
Levies continue and the streets of all the towns
are becoming thinned of able-bodied men. It
is reported that Gen. Rocha continues to re
treat and several States are declared in a state
of siege. The revolutionary chiefs have repu
diated Diaz’s proclamation. Garcia Cardena, a
member of Congress and a revolutionary gen
eral, has been arrested in San Luis and will be
brought to the Capitol for trial.
THE REVOLUTION A FAILURE.
[N. Y. World’s Special.]—The revolution in
Mexico is probably a failure. Only two States
have risen and there is no popular excitement.
Diaz is a fugitive through Caracca, pursued by
Rocha and Alatonie. The country is only dis
turbed by robbers.
A decree issued on the 6th postpones the clos
ing of Mugdalena Bay.
A large Protestant church has been opened.
Prouuncia men toes have been declared in the
States of Gnanaiato and Mexico.
It is rumored that Kscahed and Carrols intend
to pronounce in favor of Lerdo. It is reported
Juarez will resign after suppressing the revolu
tion in the State of Diaz.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
THE ENGLISH MAIL SERVICE.
Halifax, Dec. 16.—The Inman Newfound
land Mail contract expires February 1st; after
that the service will be performed by the Que
bec and Gulf Ports Steamship Co. Steamers to
run between St John and llalfax during the
Winter as now and between St. John and Pic
tou during the summer.
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
Foreign Imports.
t N. S. Brig Wild Horse—270 tons coal to
JL I ornier.
Foreign Export*.
LIVERPOOL. Steamship Samartian—29,300 busli
wheat, lu,824 do peas, 571,000 lbs butter, 103,880 do
cheese, 25uo bbls Hour, liS,790 tbs potash, 15,680 do
^wki81’ ^?,u0u <l° bac ,T1> -400 do beef, 15,U00 do lafu
disc*1* apl,le8’ 7 machines, 22 pkgs inerclian
MATANZAS. Bark Ellen Stevens—3000 shocks
and heads, 82o bbls potatoes, 481 boxes herring, 200
kits mackerel.
ST JOHN, NB. Biig Etta M Tucker—2500 bbls
flour, 10 tons bran.
CARDENAS. Brig M C Marniner—5300 box shocks,
302 bbls p >tatoes, 4uo boxes herring, lo cases lard 5u
kits mackerel, 11,000 hoops.
HALIFAX. N. S. Steamer Carlotta—1200 bbls
flour, 1476 bush malt, 10 tons bran, 32,020 tbs butter,
22 sewing machines, 1 lot mdse.
Receipts by Railroad* nud Ntcambont*.
Grand Trunk Railway—250 cans milk, 1350 bbls
fl >ur, 50 bdls lea boards, 4 cars potatoes, 25 do lum
ber, 4 do .clapboards, 1 do barley, 1 do sleds, 2 do
Veads, 3 do wheat, 2 do splints, 1 do starch, ldolaths,
—1500 bbls flour, 1 car meal, 2 do oil, 1 do bran, 1 do
ale; for Allan Steamer*—15 cars freight.
SteamebMontreal from Boston—33 bales slicep
skins,22 b lls sheet iron.lu do sieves,g do hods, 2U0 bbls
beef and pork, 25 tea lard, 25 boxes raisins, 15 chess
boards, 67 bdls leather, 11 biles hops, 1 era e wooden
bowls, 13 tubs butter, 13 bdls mouldings, 6 hluls mo
lasses, 50 lirkhis lard, 40 chests lea, lo bdls paper, 15
boxesliardware, 1 case tobacco, 1 bale coiton, lo bbls
and 25 qr do beer, 1 piano, 177 cases shoes, 1 crate
jugs, 6 sleighs, 7 horses, lo bags oysters, luo pkgs lo
or.ier; for Canada and up country—*35 boxes uye
wood, 1 paper macLine, 213 bdls iron, 162 bbls phus
ph ate lime, 2 hhds m »lasse», 5 stoves, lo tirkins but
ler, 1 crate erttekery, 23 bales cotton, 5 do waste 2 cop
l*er pumps, 100 bags dye wood, do corn meal, 25 kegs
order1*8’ 5 8ewing maclliue:S H bags nails, 80 pkgs to
Steamer Chesapeake from New York—15°
bales rope, 50 do rags, 55 do cottou, lo do burmps, 11
domestics, 110 bags seed, 120 do codee, 30 baskets an
no ti, 106 elk bides, 46 rolls leather, 3uo Ulf chests tea
100 boxes tobacco, 250 do tin plate, loo do window
glass, 180 d 8 >ap, 30 do starch, 40 do drugs, 3u do
ardware. 15 do cheese, 40 bllds molassos, lo bbls do,
10 do apples, 40 do wli ing, 20 do sugar, 22 casks lin
seed olt, 8 do saddle irons, 6 do sal soda, 83 pigs in
and lead, 100 bdls paj»er bangings, 80 do paper, loo
sewing machiues, 50 kegs soda, o pianos, 200 pkgs sun
dries.
New York Stock and lUonejr .Tlnrkct.
New York, Dec. 16—Morning.—Gold 100$. Money
1-32 1-16 per ceut. per day. Sterling Exchange 100$
100$. Stocks steady. State Stocks dull.
The following are the forenoon quotations of South
ern securities:
Tennessee 6’s, new'. 65
Virginia 6’s, new. 67
Missouri 6’s. 97
Louisiana 6’s, old. 61
Louisiana 6’s, new. 50
Alabama 5’s. 65
Georgia 7’s.'... 80
North Carolina 6’s, new. 12
South Carolina 6’s, new. 27$
The following are the forenoon quotations of Gov
ernment securities:
Unked States coupon 6’s, 1381.117$
United States 5-2u’s 1S62.luo$
United States 5-2U’s 1864.llu
United States 5-20’s 1865, old Ill
United States 5-2U’s 1865, new.1133
united states o-jo's i»(>7.1157
United States 5-20’s 1868.115§
United States 10-40’s., coupon.io94
Currency 6’s.113^
The following are the morning quotations of Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 671
Pacific Mail.4«,|
N*. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated.... 924
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated sep 86?
Erie. 31?
Erie preferred.64
Harlem..
Harlem preferred.126
Reading.H4j
Lake Shore Michigan Southern.1324
Cleveland Pittsburg.125
Chicago Sc North Western. 61
Chicago Sc Northwestern preferred, ex-div. 861
Chicago Rock Island.103$
Milwaukee St. Paul. 51
Milwaukie Sc St. Paul preferred. 761 I
Pittsburg Sc Fort Wayne. 96}
The following were the quotations for Union Pacific
securities:
Central Pacific bonds.102}
Union Pacific do. go|
Uni «i Pacific stock. 26}
Union Pacific land grants. 684
Union Pacific income bonds. 81$
New York. Bank Statement.
New York, Dec. 16.—The bank statement for the
week euuing December 9tli is as follows:
Decrease of Loans.$10,908,700
Increase of S|»ecie. 2,565,'juO
Deere use of Leg .1 Ton lers. 1,135,000
Decrease of Deposi s. 4,515,000
Decrease of Circulation. 1,089,000
Domestic IQarkets.
New York, Dec. 16.—Ashes quiet and steady at
8 00 8 5o for pots and pearls. Cotton dull aud nom
inally unchanged; sales 1106 bales; Middling uplands
li'jjc. Flour uull and heavy and 10 ft 13c lower; re
ceipts 12,534 bbls; sales 4900 bbls; superfine Western
and State 5 80 ft 6 10; common to g »od ex: ra do 6 3b
ft 6 60: g»od to cb< ice do 6 55 ft 7 10; common to
choice Wnite Wheat Western ex ra 7 00 ft 7 25; com
mon to good extra Ohio 6 45 ft 7 35; onmv»n to choice
extra St. Louis 6 75ft 9 25; market closing heavy;
Southern flour dull and declining; sales 46vH) bbls;
common to fair extra 6 70 ft 7 35; good to choice do
7 40 ft 9 25. Rye flour quiet and without deci led
change; sales 3000 bbls at 4 50 ft 5 35. Corn-meal
quiet. Whiskey heavy and deci ledly lower; sales
450 bbls at 93 ft 94$o, closing inside price. Grain re
ceipts—Wheat 3600 bush. Wheat dull and strongly
in buyers’ favor; sales 24,000 bush; No 2 Chicago
Spring 1 50 ft 1 52; No 2 Milwaukee 1 52 ft 1 54; Win
ler Red Western 1 56 ft 160; Amber Western 1 62 ft
1 65; White do 1 65 ft t 73. Rye dull and nominally
uncliangoi Barley dull and heavy; receipts by rail
are lare j sales 500 bush; two rowed State 8uc; barley
malt quiet. Corn In fair request aud steady; receipts
328,000 bush; sales 68,000 bush; new Western Mixed
afloat 7$ ft 78$c, closing at 78 ft 78$; new Yellow do
79c; old Western Mixed held at 78c in store and 7y$c
afloat. Oats dull and slightly iu buyers favor; re
ceipts 18,150 bush; sales 36,000 bush; Western and
Ohio 55$ ft 56c in store and afloat. Hay source ami
firm at. 18 50 ft 14 00 for shipping, and *15 00 ft 18 00
for retail lots. Hops quiet and firm; 1871 quoted at
35 ft62c; 1870 at 20 ft 3oc; 1869 at 10 ft 20c; 1868 at 9
ft 15c. Eggs in g »od demand and firm at 34 ft 37c.
Coal quiet an l unchanged at 4 50 ft 5 00 for aiiil.ra
cite per carg Leather active and firm; hemlock,
sole, Buen -s Ayres and ltio Grande light middle ami
heavy weights 26 ft 29 ;c California do 25 ft 28c; Ori
noco do 21 ft 27$c. Wool more active ami firmer; ex
tra Ohio quoted at 67$ 70c; pulled 60 ft 63c; Texas
37$c; unwashed 55c; Si ring clip Calf >inia 36 ft 42c;
Fall do do 31c; pulled do 51c. Coffee quiet and firm;
s.iles 600 bags; Rio 18 ft 2U$c. Sugar is dull; fair to
good jefining 9$c ft 9$c; sales 3b0 nhds Cuba at 9 ft
9$c. Molasses in fair request; sales 150 bb.s New Or
leans al 48 ft 55c. Rice firm at 8} 9c. Petroleum
easier; crude 13} ft 134c; refining 23 ft 23}c. Provis
ions—Pork steady; sales 300 bbls; new mess at 15 00;
old do 13 50 13 62; new prime 12 00; do prime mess
14 50. Beef steady; sales 150 bbls: plain mess 9 ft
10c; extra do 11 ft 13c; beef hams steady; sales 350
bbls at 23 25c; tierce beef dull at 16 ft 17c for prime
mess ati l 19 20c for India do. Dressed hogs steady
aioftffioc. iah, meats uuii at 5® tic lor shoulders
and 9 (g> 11c for hams; middles quiet; sales413boxes;
short clear 7}e; short ribs7}c; short cut hamsidc;
also 25 boxes short riba, February, 74c. Laid heavy;
sales 60 5 tcs; No 1 to prime steam 9 (g> 9 9-16c; ke*t
tle rendered 9|c; also 500 tcs December at 9}c; 75o do
at 9}c; 250 do March at lo}c; 230 do April at lo}c.
Butter steady; Western 11 (g 23c; State 23 3 *c.—
Cheese dull at 11 (g> 14c. Naval Stores—Spirits Tur
pentine quiet and tirm at65Jc; Rosin active; strain
ed 5 00. Tallow heavy: sales 350,000 lbs at 8J (g) 9}c.
Freights to Liverpool dull; per sail, Cotton 7-3_'d;
per steam 5-16d.
Chicago, Dec. 16.—Flour unchanged. Wheat is
firm; No 1 Spring at 1 24}; No2 do 119}. Corn is
linn; No 2 Mixed 41 41}c- Oats higher; No 2 at
32k. ltye unchange i; No 2 at 62} (g> 62jc. Barley
dull and 3c lower; No 2 Spring 59}c. Mess Pork tlull
and tinn at 13 25. Lard is weak at 8 62} 9 67}.—
Hams in pickle 8 9c. Meats unchanged. Dressed
Hogs at 4 73 (gj 4 93, and closed dull. Whiskey active
at 88c. Total number of hogs packed to date 508,000.
Receipts—5,000 bbls flour, 36,000 bush wheat, 143,
000 bush corn, 37,000 bush oats. 3,000 hogs.
Shipments—1.000 bbls flour, 4,000 bushwbeat, 10.000
bush corn, 11,000 bush oats, 3,000 bush barley, 4,010
hogs.
Toledo, Dec. 16.—Market unchanged.
Milwaukee, Dec. 16.—Flour unchanged. Wheat
dull and tirm; No 1 at 1 22}; No 2 at l It*}. Oats
steady; No 2 at 32}c. Corn r.rm; No 2 Mixed 41c.—
Rye is steady; No 1 at 64c.
Receipt*—2,000 bbls flour, 25,000 bush wheat.
Cincinnati, Doc. 16.—Pork dull. Lard firm at 81c.
Bulk moats dull; shoulders 7}; clear rib sides7}c.
Live Hogs in g >od demand at 4 40 (jg 4 70; receipts s>,
000 bead. Whiskey steady at 90c. Green' meats are
drooping; shoulders 4}c, 5}e for clear rib sides and 8
8}c for clear sides.
St. Louis, Dec. 16.—Flour and Wheat dull and un
changed. Corn higher: Mixed 44 (S) 4gc. Oats dull:
Mixed sacked 40c, Pork quiet at 13 73. Bacon and
Lard unchanged,
Charleston, Doc. 16.—Cotton quiet; Middling up
lands 19}c.
Savannah, Dec. 16.—Cotton drooping; Middling
upands 18} (a) 19c.
Mobile, Dec. 16.—Cotton nominal; Middling up
lands 19} 19}c.
New Orleans, Doc, 10,—Cotton drooping; Mid
dling upland# Li«c.
European JTlarket*.
London, Doc. 16—11.30 A. M.—Consols 92| for
money and account.
American Securities—U. S. 5-20’s 1862,92}; do 1865,
old, 93}; do 1867, 93}; U. S. 10-40’s, 91},
Frankfort, Dec. 1§—U.30 A. M.—U. S. 5-20’s
1862, 97} <Q yft,
Liverpool. Dec 16.—10.30 A. M.—Cotton quiet and
steady; Middling uplands lOd; do Orleans 10} (a) lo|d;
sales 12.000 hales. Corn 31s 9d. Lard 45s 3d,
IjON’don, Dec. 16—2 P. M.—Consols closed at 92}
for money and account.
American §ccqri» to—U, S. 5r20’» 1862. 92}; do 1865,
old, 9M; do 1867, 93}; do 10-10’s, 91}.
Liverpool. Dec. 16—2 P. M.—Cotton closo<l quiet
and steady; Middling uplands 101; do Orleans 10}d;
sales 12,000 bales. Mess Pork 53s 0tl,
Havana, Poo, IQ.—Sugar—stock at Havana and
M vtanzas 52.260 boxes and U50 hhdn; extwrts of the
week 9 QQ ’*oxes and 50 hlids, of which 752" boxes an 1
ftll the h 'da were to the United States. T e niart.e
is easier and there U less dispositi m to pu.chase car
goo* <»f actual stock on account of the decline In L m
on Exchange. Aqout 1500 boxes of new have arHved
from Matanzas. Large quantities are grinding on
the estates. Only a few contracts in claye«l have ffeeii
effected, owing to the high demand <\f- nobler* in the
States not contract#!. large buslnes* lu contract*
con innns In Muscovado, Sugar—Nos. lo to 12 Dutch
Standard f0} lo} reala; K«, 12 to 13 at 11} (g> m
reals. Freights flat uud unchanged.
Boston Block Li«i.
[Sales at the Broker’s Board, Dec, 16.)
Maine State SIm 1S£9.., 100
York Alnnv^fuoiurlng Company. 1610
Boston and Maine Railroad. 146}
Eastern Railroad.,. 1074
MichigMi Central Railroad. 118}
Union Puciiic }tailrood Sixes.. 87
[Sales at Auction,]
Peppered Manx\fac t u»tng Co, 677}
Western Uailrood Sixes, 1875,. 98}
Eastern Railroad Sixes 1874. 98}
JjathCity Sixes, 1891.. ,,,•89}
ENTERTAINMENTS.
Merry Christmas!
The Lailie* of the
FIRST BAPTIST SOCIETY
Will hold a
FAIR AND LEVEE
In the Vestry of the Church Corner of Con.
greNM mill M ilmot Mreelv, ou WEDNKSIia v
tec™.Vmd?ittY 'tlenUMU*
A variety of useful and fancy articles, Chromes,
«c.t suitable for Holiday presents, will be for sale
also the usual refreshments at Gi o'clock, and durin'
each evening.
Admission free. MTW&T
FLUENT HALLT
PROF. STONE,
Will resume his
BIOLOGICAL SEANCES!
Wednesday Evening, Dec. 20,
And continue every evening up to and including
MONDAY, Jan. 1st, (Sunday excepted) positively
to coucluiie on Munday, Jan. 1st.
Perfect Shower of Holiday Gifts
Will be distributed each evening, including a valuable
•■•III Hunting Cue Walt-li.
»tak6 S',"1!1' Cliil'lfen. They Will bo both
8uPphed gratis with H iliday Presents.
ah*1Wive810 ,his hieW}- ra'-ci
Qest* ejibx, take your Lady Friends to
Winess the marvelous phenomena of Electro-BI >logy,
each^lght*0”18 °f thu bca*llf"1 preseuis dlstribufed
one and all, old and young to Fluent Hall.
roara8*1 <'lnly) 25 cents; Reserved Seats 50 cents.
Children under 12, to Second Seats 15 cents; Re
served Scats, 25 cents.
D-Nors o]>en at 7 o’clock; to commence at 8.
Tickets for sale at Hawes Cragin’s, 77 Middle st,
and at the door. dcl9dif
The Ladies’ Guild of St. Paul’s Church
Will hold a sale of
n —_ _ _
ruucy anti usenu Articles,
AT THE
RECEPTION ROOn, Ci«y Ball,
On tlie Afternoon and Evening of Satur
day, December 23d.
A REFRESHMENT TABLE
will also be spread, and the managers ask the patron
age of their friends* and the public.
Admiftflion Free decl8td
The Wolfe Tone Association
Will give their first
Grand Annual Ball
—at—
LANCASTER HALL
ON
Wednesday Evening, Dec. 27, ’71.
The ■Committee will endeavor to make this, their
firnt. Ball, a k in teres ing as possible.
Prompter^ Uaymona8 Fu“ Band. J. W. Raymond,
Floor Director—J. H. REILLY.
AIDES:
T 9' y* Casey, J. e. Farrell,
T- J; Swift, J. Haley, J. McGlynn,
I. 0 Buien, J. C. Boland, M. Quinn.
Tickets One Dollar, admitting Gent and Ladies, can
be bud at the door.
N. B. Clotbiug checked free. decl6td.
M. L A.
SUPPLEMENTARY COURSE,
COMMENCING
Wednesday Evening, January 3d.
WITH A LECTURE BY
MRS. CELIA BURLEIGH.
Subject: “Houses and Homes.”
TO BE FOLLOWED BY
Ml* KATE STANTON,
Mrs. VICTORIA C. U’OOOUIILL.
HIi«s KATE REIGNOLDN,
Mr«. EMILY STRAW FOREMAN.
C3f Concert by the PortlaBd Band before each
entertainment.
Tickets to the Course, including Beecher’s lecture,
Jauuary 10th, $1 25. Evening tickets, 50 cents.
Patrons of the Regular Course by exchanging Ticket
No. 8 at Stockbri I go’s, 156, Exchange street, Hawes
Cragiu s, 76 Middle street, or D infel Wentworth’s,
337 Congress street, before December 25th, can ob
tain tickets to the Supplementary Course with Con
pon tickets to Beoclmr's lecture f;r 7j cents. Tha
9-J -a*. iiBoncmir UlL* LOUlNe at
cents each (not including Beecher’s lecture). The
sale of reserved seats will commence at nine o’clock
Saturday morning, Dec. 23d, at Stockbridge’a Music
Store. dec 13-t jan 4
"dTncTn'g7~
MR. A. B. GEE,
Will commence his second term for instruction in
Dancing for Young Indies, Masters and Misses, at
his Academy, corner of Brown and Congress sts., on
Wednesday, Dec. 13th at half past 2 o’clock in the
afeern *»n, and continue every WEDNESDAY and
SA1URDAY.
N. B.—At the close of this term, Mr. Gee will give
this schoolla S.-ial Party in City Hall, with Chand
ler’s Full Ban 1.
Assembly every [-mday Evening. For particulars
apply at the Hall. no30dtt
X-M-A-S
PRESENTS.
Initial Handkerchiefs in Boxes, a Novelty.
Initial Handkerchiefs, 25 cents.
Full line Ladies’ Hemstitched Handkerchiefs.
Children’s
Gents’ Linen Handkerchiefs, 1 dozen in a box 65c
75c.
i $1.00
AND UPWARDS.
An Extra Article $3.00.
50 DOZEN
Ladles’ Linen Handkfs, $2.00 per Doz.,
WORTH $3.00.
A fine assortment of
Ladies9 Embroidered Linen Sets,
Lace Sets, Mourning Sets, Neck
Tics, Needle Cases, (Nobby
Styles) Thread Cases, Ac.
Job Lot Silk and Wool Poplins,
ROLLED 00c.
Best quality Roubaix Silk Poplins, 81.25
Lyons Silk Poplins, best imported, 1.50
BLACK ALPACAS,
30o, 50o, 55c, OSo, to 871-So.
brilliantines,
50c, 75c, eoc, 87 1-3C, to $1.35.
TYCOON REPS 23c.
Best quality all Wool Popllu Plaids, 75c.
1 bibets, one yard wide, S5c.
Job I>»t biiglu Plaids for 25c.
All Wool Serge Suitings, 37Jc.
Silk Flushes, all colors, $3.45.
Velveteens, all colors, S1.00.
Seven yarns Shirting Flannel, S1.00.
3-4 Seigos, Job Lot, 30c.
7 7..,. *7iY’ pairs I jr 51.00.
A Lot Lleacheil Dable Damask, 85c, worth *1.10.
A Lot all Lmen Doylies, 63c.
AH Lineni Stanched Huck Towels, 24x40, 35c.
Another Lot 24x36, 33c.
BEST QUALITY
FELT SKIRTS;
Lowest Yet $2.20.
A FINE ASSORTMENT OF
Casmere Shawls,
AT LOYV ELITES.
WOOL SHAWLS AT COST,
ALL AT
Coveil Yalpey’s,
CORNER
CONGRESS DROWN STREETS
NUBIAS
A LARGE VARIETY i'AEAP.
N. B.—Everybody ought to have a pair of 10-4
White Blaukets at $3.00. declaim w
Sealed Proposals
WILL be rocoived for bull ling a Masonic Hall at
Yarmouth Corner until December 25tb at l'>
o’clock A. M.
Plans and specifications can be obtained of tl.e un
dersigned at his dwelling home. The committee re
serve the light to reject any or all bi ts.
J. J. HUMPHREYS,
Per order of the Building Committee.
Yarmouth, Dec. 13.1871. laid
MRS. E. II. IIATCir*
STOCK OF
Millinery and Fancy Goods
lias been removed to
i Casco st., 2d door from Congress,
i And will bo sold at the greatest bargains ever known
Ju Portland. Tills is a nice chance to buy Holiday
G *ods. A large lot of Human Hair, Ladies’ and
Children’s Ready-Made Unlerwear, Hosiery and
Gloves. Kids selling for 7.r» cets. Just call and
see f >r yourself, and you will feel well paid for your
trouble.
Pinking and Stamping done to order. dclld2w
Toilet Slippers.
GEXTS’ TOILET SLIPPER* SOLED with nemt
ncss and dispatch at
COWELL’S SHOE STORE,
4c9eod a If Under Falmouth Hotel.
ENTERTAINMENTS.
grand
Combination Concert
BY THE
Haydn Association
COMPBI8INO A
CHORUS OF 250 VOICES
hebmann kotzh'h.hab,
_Conductor.
and the celebrated
Theodore Thomas Orchestra!
-OF
Fifty-one Eminent Artists.
THEODOR THOMAS, €.M,MMr,
AT THE
CITY HALL,
PORTLAND,
Tuesday Evening, Dee. 19, 1871.
On which occasion will be presented HAYDN’S ORA
TOKIO OF
THE CREATION!
ACCOMHANIED BY THE FULL
Thomas Orchestra,
ASSISTED BY
M’LLE MARIE KREBS,
one of tbe most brilliant Pianists in the World 1
And the following distinguished Artist* as Soloists:
MRS. H. M. SMITH, of Boston.8opran*.
MRS. HARRIET CAMMET WETHEKBE15, *t
Portland.Soprano.
MR. SAMUEL THURSTON, of Portland... Tenor.
MR. J. W. WINCH, of Boston.Basic.
And iu the Chorus by
MU. CHAS. McLELLAN, of Bath.Baritone.
MR. JOHN L. SHAW, of Portland.Basso.
With an array of eminent Artists, aided by tbs
Great Thomas Orchestra Increased to its present
magnificent proportions—this will form #ne of the
Lsryeat anti Graailfut Combinafians ever
United for a Musical Entertainment in this country.
Previous to the rendering of the Creatlpn, The
Overtures, and Mis. Smith and Mr. Winch will ren
tier favorite selections by request, to be announced
hereafter.
TICKETS—including reserved seats, One Dollar
each—for sale at Stockbridge’s Music Store, Ex
change street, where may also be obtained Libret
toes of “The Creation.” Holders of Season Rehearsal
Tickets can secure reserve i seats on payment of
cents.
Doors opened at 6$, Concert to commence at 7$
o’clock. decifci
Dancing Academy
—AT—
LANCASTER HALL,
Mr. J. W. Raymond would announce to the eltl
jenM rtf Portland that he will open his second term of
Dancing School at the above named Hail on
Tuesday Evening, Dec'r 19th,
Terms—Ladies $2.00. Gents $1.00.
Last six evenings to be assemblies with fall Band
Without extra charge to pupils.
ASSEMBLY.
J. W. RAYMOND wi.l close his present term with
a Grand Assembly at
LANCASTER IIALL,
On Monday Evening, December 18th,
Ticket admitting Gent with Ladies 74 ets. dctWlw
LE.VEE!
TIIE LADIES OF THE
UNIVERSALIS! SEWING CIRCLE,
8 T V N S’ PLAINS,
Will hold a Levee in the
VESTRY OF THE CHURCH.
WEDNESDAY EVE’G, DEC. 20th.
A Table Tor the sale of Fancy Articles, a Children’s
Table and a Kitchen Table will be provided.
Refreshments as usual.
A Charade and Short Drama, to be followed by a
Gypsy Scene, will be among the attractions of the
evening.
Music By Chandler.
An extra Car will return to the City at the close of
the entertainment.
Tickets of Admission, 25 cents; Children under 12
10 cents. Doors o sen at b o’clock. dctftd
I. 0.~ of G. T.
There be a miscellaneous Entertainment given, con
sisting of
Scenes from Pizarro,
MUSIC, &c.
On Wednesday Eve’ng, Dec. 20th,
BY THE
Mrrabrn of PecnboataN Ledge,
At GRAND ARMY HALL,
Mechanics’ Building, Congress st.
53T“Refreshi. ents at reasonable prices.
Doors open at 7J o’clock, to commence at 8,
Admission 25 cts. dcl5td
AUCTIGin bALKb
STOCK OF
Millinery and Fancy Goods
BV AUCTION.
ON laandar next Dm. 18th, at 9 1.9
clock P. IB., we shall sell ihe Block of
iusdinery anil Fancy Goods, together with the fix
S«S One a’Ji'W Case, Shelf B .xea, Bonnet
TaW*8’ Store*, L'mnge, Ac., in store
WoochddeTSres8 “troet» u^opiwl by MIbb I. H.
vJSTL8,**1'! Wer,° al1 Purchased new within two
years, and selected expressly for retail trade
dec 16 td F* B^1LE^ co Auctioneers.
Elegant Silver Plated Ware
AND CUTLERY,
AT AUCTION.
On Tuesday, Dec. 19, at IO a’elk, A. SI.,
and continue until all is sold,
At 10 A. M. and 2J P. M. each day.
WE shall sell the largest and most magnificent
Btockof SILVER PLATED WARE, ever
ieieii in this city, consisting in part of.
Tea Sets, Card and Cake Baskets,
Vases, Boquet Holders,
Berry Dishes, Fruit Stands
Spoon Holders, Fruit Dishes,
Mugs and Goblets,
Ice and Water Pitchers,
Dinner, Breakfast, and Pickle Castors,
Cake, Pie, and Fruit Knives,
Celery Stands,
Napkin Rings, Knife Rests,
Rutter, Tie and Cake Knives,
Fish Knives and Forks,
Fruit and Oyster Forks,
Soup, Oyster, Gravy and Cream Ladles,
Table Forks, Spoons, Ac.
All bearing the reliable trade mark of the Wi'cox
Silver Plate Company, Holmes, Booth A Hayden's,
Meredian and oilier ecjually reliable manufactures!
All quadruple, triple, ur double plate
ware.
Fine Table and Pocket Cutlery
Of American and English manufacture, in every
variety and finish.
AVe ask Ladies and Gentlemen to call at our nr ms
and examine these elegant and reliable goods. fctllntr
confident, if they will they will pronounce thmn thi
finest display of plated go als ever in this city.
So favorable ail opportunity to buy
Useful and Elegant Holiday Gifts,
was never offered to the public before.
Sale positive. Every article offered told without
reserve.
doe*-td*' BA,, KV CO"
AT AUCTION^!
Henry Tuylor Cu.-J. K.Oagoud, Aur.tr,
SPECIAL SALE Of
Oil Paintings and Chromos!
Wednesday, Dec. 20th, at 2 o'clock, P.M.,
WE shall sell at Henry Taylor Co’s Auction
It M>ins, 14 Exchange Street. a rare c«4l«c ion
or Oil Paintings and Chrujnos in B«auti;u. Fra nun.
llils colltc i >ii embraces many line specimens of art,
and the sale offers a Men opportunity to the citi
zen* of p.-rtbimi to "binin VALUAJiJJJ HOLIDAY
PRESENTS at their ow n prices. Catalogue fur
nished unU the entire cullecti >n of 200 picture on ex
hibit! n two days previ .us to the sale. Ladies aru
especially invi ed to a»*end.
HENUY TAYLOH CO., AncU neera,
Portland, Dee. 16, 1671. dclbtd
Entire Furniture and Fixtures
-OF THE—
WEST OORUAIU HOUSE,
BY AUCTION.
ON TUESDAY, Dec'r 26th, 1871, commanelng
ten o’clock A. M.. we ahull sell the entire Fin,!
tore ami Fixtures of West Gorham II .u»- t!,
ing of Parlor chamber, Office, Dlnldg-R.™ I
h.Uhen Furniture, C.mkery Detlding, Stove.,
K l*> of SApl., together with
H.S Ac b L'1“’ blel|{U’ Wagotu, llamemca.
S;ile positive.
DjcJwt,rAii'Kv t'°->
R. K. HUNT,
Commission Merchant and Auctioneer
NO 316 Congress St., will sell .very evtmlng hug.
assortment of Staple and Fancy Goods.
Goods will be *1 during the .fay la let. u ul
purchasers at wholesale prices, (.ash a vanewl «n all
descriptl >n of g wds. Consignment not limited.
February M, dtf