WE mien the greatest public geod may be secured,
Berets of the government upheld, and an honest and
jal administration of pablie affairs maintained,
that, to0, rezardless of all party considerations.
this duty, and this alone, 1 hereby pledge wyself.
send to support and advocate any measure coming
Jom what quarter it may, which has for its ohject the
reformation of the Severson of this city in any of its
branches where such reform is requisite.
w pon hie Picton o wer tite campaign, and Intend
SEMAIN e coutest despite any and all opposs
Rt me and If the honest and {hdependent voters of
istrict succeed in electing mo as thelr Senator, 1
oell feel proud to be held to a strict acoountabilivy for
te faithful performance of my duty.
ae. York. Oct. 25, 1871. MARTIN NACHTMANN.

TPFANNSYLV ANIA.

wil THE PEMOCRACY HAVE A J
THI, STATE SENATE!
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. a6.—The death of Sena
sor Connell leaves the political pomplexion of the State
senate as follows: If Weakley of Cumberland gets his
west there will be a tie in the Senate; if not, the Demo
cats will have one majority. if special elections, in Con
pell's and Weakley's distmets are ordered, Republicans
will be elected, and there will be one Republican majority
in the Senate. But as the Speaker of the Senate is a
Pemocat, ho is not likely to order the elections, even
nosing he has the power, which is questionable.
IN
in
THE ONI10 ELECTION
CoruMBrs, Oct. 27.—The official returns of
the late election from all the Counties were received by
the Secretary of State to-day: Noyce (Rep.) for Gov
ernor, has 238,273 McCook (Dem.) 218,105; and Stewart
(Probibition), 40%. Noyes's majority over N¢Cook is
«186. The total vote of the State was 450, #2 The Re
publican vote is 16,569 larger than last year: the Demo
Satie 15.000 larger; und the Prohibition, 1,221 larger.
OFFICIAL


THT TEY ALR FILECTION.
GALVESTON, Oct. 97.—The returns {rom the
aifferent counties ju the 111d Congress District give Gid
dings (Dew) 411 majority. The count at Austin, by
throwing out Lim¢gtone and Freestone Counties, which
gave 8 Democratic majority of 1,630, gives (lark (Reyp.) a
majority of M47. A fx cia) dispatch to The Bulletin says:
Clark has received a certificate of ¢lection, Conner is
aald to be the only Democrat who will receive a certifi
Cale. Degrncs (Rep. refuses to ace pt a certificate, on
toe groun that Hancock (Dew) received a majority of
aks
cue
OT ITIC AL NOTES.
An enthusiastic Republican meeting was held
t the O House in Elmira last evening. The Hon.
Ah Gonkling spoke for over two hours.
The Republicans have made the following
nominations of Assembly candidutes, in addition to those
before reported Seneec ~1etix lott; Sullivan—Asa I.
Appley Warren—Joseph Woodward.
I
The Democrats have made the following
pominations of Assembly candidates, in addition to those
before reported: Chenango—Samuel Martin, Erie—
IVth District, Whitney Harrington; Vth District, John
MM. Wiley. ILiringslon—Andrew A. Rill Monroe—11d
District, HeTuoe J. Tamas, Sciene-14 District, Geo.
Farnham. Tomphin eury Brewer. Wayne—Ist Dis
niet, Nelson R. Nirrick.
The Republican and Democratic Committees
of Chicago have finally acreed upon the Union ticket for
the city and county offices, viz.: Joseph Medill, for
Mayor; David A. Gaee, for City Treasurer; Julian 8.
Ramsay, for Ceunty Treasurer; John A. Jameson, for
Bopetiur Court Judge; samuel W, Fuller, Circuit Judge
Artemns Carter, State Benator, The other offices are
equitably divided between the two parties.
LOCAL.
Erastus C. Benedict was nominated for Sen
ator last evening by the Custow-House party in the Vth
District.
Chas. O’'Conor finds himself unable to ac
cept the nomination for Assembly in the X1Xth District,
and promises to give his reasonsfor declining at future
me.
The Young Men's Municipal Reform Associ
ation, ex-Judge Barrett presiding, adopted last evening
an address to the young men of the city, urging them to
poin the association and aid in the work of securing far
elections and elevating honest and capable men to
office.
The following Assembly nominations were
meade last evening:
INd District, Bdward Willonch'y, Cnstom House: Xth District,
Christopher Fieeke. Tammany XIVt: District. John A. Foiev, Custom
“House; XVIIith District, Famuell Tiden, Reform Democrats aud
Tammany Democrats; Michael Goode, Tamuapy Beliers.
The Democratic Reform County Convention
weassemblad last evening in Apollo Hall, and completed
whe county ticket by making the following nominations
Judges of the Superior Court, Wm. E. Curtis and John
Sedgwick; Judge of the Marine Court, Alexander Spauid
8g Aldermen, Peter Gilsey, famuel D. H. Vance, Jen
Yins Van Schaick, John Falconer, Wm. Joyce, Alexander
Martin, Solomon Me erback, John Cochrane, Wim. Raddi,
James Mclarren, Michael Carroll, Alexander Widder,
James Fitzgerald, Daniel D. Conover, J. Doeiger.

The candidates now in the field in West
chester County for members of Assembly are
i Rep. Inet. Im.
Pt em Ww Niles 1. Henry Dater.
11..Albert Baleaw 17..Jobu BH. Corpell.
111. James W. Hosted. 111..Coffin 8S. Brown.
For Btate Senator from the IXih senatorinl District,
comprising Westchester, Putnam, and Rockland Couu
wes, the Hon. Wm. H. Robertson of Bedford is the Re
publican, and Ww. Caulawell of Mortisania the Demo
cratic candidate. For Member of Congress from the Xth
Congress District, comprising the same counties, the
Hon. Clarkson N. Potter, Democrat, the present iucuw
bent, 1s without an epponent.
Mayor Kalbfleisch, in bis letter accepting re
pomination as an independent candidate, save:
The time has arrived when it becomes the duty of those who have the
good of tbe eity st beart to mute togetler ot ouce for the purjoge of
rescuing the afairs of the city from the Lands of those who are enleavor
ng to establish a loca) despotism iu our widst through the spur and whip
of parippiiegance and party spoils. The expenenece of several years
iv of Mayor satisfies me that the present expenditares of the
City Government are in excess of pecessery requirements. To eflect a
reduction. gevers) reforn ia the afiairs of the city is needed. Economy
$1 the vsrious departments can oni be secured hy the election of mem
bers of the i mr pledged 10 obtain the passage of a law repealing
$n (oto a) commissions, or at least Jroviding for the election by the
Cr. of the members who compose them aod forbidding the expend:
ure of the potdic money without proper cheeks and safeguaris, te pres:
ent ones being lusuficient.
NOT A CUSTOM-HOUSE CANDIDATE.
Jo the Editor of The Tribune.
Sie: In your issue of to-day I find my name
mentioned as a “Custorn-House” candidate for Assembly
from the XIIth Assembly District. Allow we to tate
thst I know nothing of the merits of the recent contro
versy between Mr. Murphy and others. That I am klm
Ply a Republican,” have always been a Republican, and
have never held any political office. 1Luve been honored
by the unexpected nomination for Assembly from uy
friends of the Eleventh Ward, and shall certainly, with
their kind assistanc:, and that of all who are opposed to
Tammany, do my best to win. Truly yours,
SR
HENRY E. CRAMPTON, M. D.

New-York Oct. 27. 1871.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sik: I see in THE TRIBUNE of this morning
my name as candidate for Assembly for the XIth
District, on the Union Republican ticket. This is a
Tuistake. For personal reaspn= of a controlling character,
1 was obliged to decline the nowination, and so informed
be Commitsoc some time ago. JNO. BLOBSON.

New-York. Oct. 27. 1871.

THE GALLOWS.
A FLORIDA MURDERER STRANGLED.
A FLORIDA MURDERER STRANGLED.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 27.—Wm. C. Scott
Was executed here at 11 o'clock to-day for the murder of
Rosamond Carlin and two small children, on Feb. 5 last.
He was cool on the scaffold, and spoke not word. The
na sipped, and his neck was not broken; he was
This is the first execution in the State since
Zeotnstruction,
EXECUTION OF A MURDERER AT DELPHI, IXD,
Imiaxarorts, Ind., Oct. 27.~Jerome Brooks
Was hanged to day at Delphi, Ind., for the murder of A.
W. Slater, a wealthy grocer of Logansport, Ind., lass
April. The prisoner manifested the same stolid and care
Jess 1nd: florenee up to the last moment that he has shown
Sloos Lis arrest. On the scaffold he asked and was
£rauted leave to a noose around his neck. Large
Rumbeor, of people were in the town, but no disturbance
CRIMES AND CASUALTIEA-BY TELEGRAPH.
CEINES AND CABUALTIES-BY TELEOGERAXL.
....1ee has formed Sea, and there is
ease THA r cott Murder case, on
wai of Garaad Bn, She Dr. Medlicott Murder cade. o0
&..A fire in India-st,, Boston yesterday, damaged
the stock of Becomb
Ses besomb, Keben Thayer, ol 05d candle dealers, 3,000 and
....F. C. Litchfield, esshier of Oak Hall
4
Sieting Tr Boston, is sconsed of embessling 3h ak
....In the U. 8, Distriot Court of Beltimore, yes
Seley W Hel.8 vieted of attempting bribe ae
Bovis cnbuisomen case, wis sesisnced 16 pay o fine o 0200 and

Y .-..Augustus 40, a
fanart Meloy, ges 0, wae Jon ct and
Was sitbing on the track in his hand, and did vot
Batior the alarm of the engimoer.
rh
sled Sheu, Sua 4 ly, &e. y, Ww
....The Coroner's inquest on Katies Lichan, mur
fered pear Boston, was coutin yesterday. Nothing new iu regard to
he cage was elicited. Two of the men arrevied on suspicion have been
Bisharged from custody. Stephen Hayes is still Lek aud will be ex
aed oudloader. The nolice offers as ret have uo clue to the mur
in the
A CORRECTION.
ERNMENT WAS DEFRAUDED IN COTTON
SALES DURING THE REBELLION—WM. M.
EVARTS APPOINTED COUNSEL UNDER THE
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
IBY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.)
WASHINGTON, Friday, Oot. 27, 1871.
TO AN ADMIRALTY COURT—HOW THE GOV
The action of the Spanish Government in reference to
the steamer Hornet is to be discussed In a peaceful man
ner, propdeitions having been made to our Government
by the Spanish authorities to refer the matter to an
admiralty Sony which is to decide the eharacter of the
Horvet, and sottle the question ne to whether she is a
yitatieal craft, as alleged. An influential member of our
abinet declored that, in bis opinion, Bpmn committed a
wrong in making demonstrations toward eapturing the
Hornet, but the proposed plan of solving the difficulty
Presuiits the most appropriate way of adjusting the
ubles growing out of such action. The subject Was
alluded to in Cabinet to-day, but the Government has not
decided whether it will accept the proposition for a ret
tiement of thas character, but it is Wt ee however,
that the project meets with general favor.
The discovery of frequent irregularities in the office of
the Second Anditor fs spoken of with some astonishment
hy public officers, and it is not improbable that Mr.
French will be removed. There has been for more than
a year a strong effort to obtain his removal, as it is
thought he is not an efficient officer, but the effort has
thus far failed, The same effort was made during his
service under President Johnson, when his oflice was
overhanled somewhat hy a Committee of Congress. The
fact that a large portion of the business of the oflice,
such a8 paymasters’ accounts, ete., are four years be
Lind, 1s not regarded as favorable to the Auditor's busi
ness capacity. It 18 also thought there ought to be a
change in the Paymaster-General's office, It is inti
mated that other frauds beside those ot Hodge, Stokes,
and Powell will be made public within a short time 1n
connection with bounties, It appears that Auditor
French was ignorant that any frauds had occurred until
after the arrests.
The investigation by the United States Court of Claims
into the various clans against the United States for cot
ton seized by Government officers during the Rebellion,
brings out some remarkable developments, which tend
to throw additional light on the mystery which has sur
rounded the sale of cotton by the Government agents
shortly after it wag seized from the Rebels during the
war. The Gavernment realized from the sale about §30,
000,000, but the examinations of the Government agents’
hooks and other evidence, which has been obtained
through the prosecution of these claims, reveals the fact
that the cotton was worth over twice that amonnt. It
4PNeATS that some of the agents at New-York disposed
of the cotton at 20 cents a pound, when its market
valne at the time of the sales was 75 cents per
pound. Some of the agents appear to have
been fu collusion with the purchasers, and
the poorest kinds of cotton were shown as samples of
the entire lot hield by the Government, the bidders get
ting it by this arrangement at the low figure of 29 cents
per pound, and subsequently selling it at the market
price, thereby securing a handsome profit. The claimants,
however, refuse to hase their claims at a figure less than
its market value at the titue of the sale, and it is feared
that the Government will, in refunding the money for
these cotton seizures, be a considerable loser, especinlly
now that the British claimants stand a chance, before
the Mixed Commission, of being allowed some compensa
tion for these losses. It i8 now known at the Treasury
that several of these cotton agents defrauded the Gov
ernment out of large amounts of money. The accounts
show this, but what steps thie United States will take to
recover its just dues have not been decided upon.
A gentleman here, who has made himself thoroughly
acquainted with the operations and character of the In
ternational Workingmen's Association, states that the
horrible story set afloat by The Chicago Times, charging
that the great fire was the work of incendiaries belong
ing to that powerful Association, declares that {ts utter
falsehood is shown by the misstatements it makes of
facts, which are easily accessible to an inquirer. It is
stated that the International Society was organized in
France, just before the Napoleonic coup d' elat, that its
headqualters are in Paris, and that it is a secret, oath
Pad association. Each one of these statements is un
true. The International Society was organized in Lon
don during September, 1564, by a public
meeting, held in St. Martin's Huil. Its General
Council has always sat aud still sits in London.
The place of ite meeting is well known, and the London
dailies frequently repori the proceedings of its stated
meetings. The Iuternational 18 not a secret organiza
tion. On the contrary, all such gocieties are FeTudisted
and at a 1ecent conference of its European leaders, held
in London sone four weeks ago, the chef discussion had
was over a rule repndinting ail such affiliations, Karl
Marx being the leading sperker in opposition. The rule
was adopted unanimously. No oath was ever exacted,
the only obligation asked being adherence to the pro
gramme of principles laid down by iis Geneva Congress,
beld in 1866. There were two German sectious, com
posed wainly of mechanics, whose organization was also
wbhe.
re Cooke Co. telegraphed Treasurer Spinner to
day, asking why Le ha not transmitted the interest on
the new joan. A reply was retorned that the checks
would be mailed this evening, This is the guarterly in
terest on the quarter ending the sist inst, and awouuts
10 $1,194,542 93.
Dr. Delavan Bloodgood, Surgeon, U, 8. N., 18 detached,
at his own request, from tue receiviug ship Vermout,
at the Brooklyu Navy-Yard.
[GENERAL PRESS DISPATCH.)
William M. Evarts, late Attorney-General, and Ben
jamin kL Curtis, lute a Justice of the Supreme Court, have
heen appointed counsel for the United States before the
tribunal to weet 1 Geneva on the Alabama question, Mr.
Evarts accepts the appointment. Judge Curtis is ex
pected howe from Euro wi bin i few days, and the ap
pointment awaits Lis returiu. Mr. Cushing of Massachu
wets and Mr. Meredith of Penusylvania bad previcusiy
been appo:nted. Mr, Cushing hus decd pted the appoint
went, and Mr. Mereaith has declined from inability, ast
1s understood, to make the sei Voi age at an inclement
season of the year. Itiscxneeted tat Judge Curis wil
accept, in which case the Goverment wil be ropre
geuted before tue tribunal by Messts. Cushing, Evarts,
and Curus.
The Treasury Department hae just received a deposit
of $67 86 on account of tus Post-Office ai Sitha, Alaska,
being the first deposit on the postal account received
f row that station.
Vincent Colyer has returnec lo Washington, after three
months’ absence awong toe Apache Indians of Arizona
and New-Mexico. He represcuts that he found the
greater portion of thew in a sutfering und starving con
dition, and intensely eager to accept the President's
offer of pence, aud to retire within reservations under
l the DIFole: Lug care of the Government,
BRIG.-GEN. ROBERT ANDERSON,
A telegram from Ciucinuati, last evening,
KAVR:
«private digpatches received here to-day ray Gen,
Robert Audersou died at Nice, France, last evening, He
had gone from Venoy to Nive, three weeks ago, hoping to
receive benefit from the change. His iamlv were with
him. His remains will be broucht by the United States
vessel Guerriere to this country for interment. It is
known here that the reports concerning his alle ged des
titution were entirely without foundaiion, inasmuch as
he received full pay as prigudier-Geueral, and Lad a
bandsowe income beside.”
Gen. Robert Anderson, whose death ir 80 unexpectedly
announced, was born in Kentucky, and entered the West
Point Military Academy in 1821. He joined the First
Artillery in 1825, as Brevet Second Lieutenant, but was
transferred to Becond Artiliery in the same
year. He was Acting Inspector General of the
Illinois Volunteers in the Black Hawk war” from May
to October, 1832. During the succeeding 20 years he re
ceived promotion orn several occasions, attaining the
rank of Captain in 1841, which Was accorded to him for
gallant conduct in the Florida war. About this time he
publighed a translation of the Freuch system of artillery
tactics. He served in the Mexican war, and was re
warded with the grade of Major for gallant and meri
torious conduct in the battle of El Molino del Rey, in
which be was severely wounded.
At and immediately preceding the outbreak of the
Rebellion, Major Anderson, wita a mere handrul of
Federal troops, watched rather than garrisoned the forts
in Charleston harbor, having his headquarters in Fort
Moultrie. Deeming that fogs vutenuble, Major Anderson
transferred his cntire commaud to Fort Bum
ter, during the night of April 26, taking with
them, all the provisions, munitions, ete. that could be
conveniently transported. The removal was effected by
means of two schooners, which made several trips during
the night, passing directly by the harbor guardboat Nina,
and affecting no concealment. The news of this move
ment roused the to the eonscious
ness of sypunthing The secessionists us
sailed ti: as “gross breach of faith,”
while in be loyal is was hailed as an act of judi
cious attitude and un
Jaltering loyalty of Anderson during the suc
oceding dar. soon brought matters to a crisis. He
Jove notice to Gov. Plokens of South lina,
he was determined to Iopbuish bis nearly ex
hausted supply of provisions. is the Rebels were de
termined not to tolezate, and Gen. Beauregard, who
had telegraphed Gen. Anderson's decison to Mont
received orders thence eman s prompt
Nrrender of the fort, and, in case of refusal, 4
reduced it. The demand was sccordfugly made af2p.
m. on Mn 11, and eourteonsly declined. Gen. Beaure
fred at 11 A m. Mkts addressed Major Anderson, asking
to at time he would evacuate Fort Bun
ter, if unmolested, and was answered that he would do
#0 at noon on the 15th, should bo not Bave received “con
Hilt fnstfuctiens from the National Government,
or pupgiics. This sgwer was deemed unsat
istactory, and :20 10, of 13th Major Anderson
was duly informed thay fire would be opened on Fort
Sumter In one hous. What followed is best told in the
briet report which: Gell. Andatscn sens to the Gevery
0 aaa Bas Ns Wek, Ad 3, a
i Cd 3 wail the quarten
were the main the wall seriously
injured, the magaine door closed
er cartridges of powder only being available i ne Soon
These romainiag, I acoaplad lars of evacastion offered CA Beaure
the sate by him on the lith inst, to the com
Eemsemes! of hogs). and marched out of the fort on Sunday after
noon, the 1b inl t, with colors fying aud drums beating, Lringing
ADE m
yy capes? PL Fey amnson, Major Hr Artillery.”
Then followed the great uprisiog of the North, the
people belng electrified both by the nrin resistauce
of Lior Anderson and the audacious act com:
mi hed ip Brinig oi the National flee. Gen. Andorson Wis
recelved with enthusiast lu tals citv, sad added by bis
WASHINGTON.
OBITUARY.

BRIG.-GEN. ROBERT ANDERSON,
NS Pivin fermi esrntd Manat g
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY OCTOBER, 9, 187].
y
a
PE
A
presence to the greatness and importance of the momor
able Union square demonstration, He was se nted
with a sword by the citizens of Taunhtore, Sinat., and
recoived other marks of popular favor. He next saw
active service in Kentucky, but enfeehled health com
welled him to retire frown the fleld. Sinoe the close of
bie ar, ok mp ved 5a retirement, and had sought the
salubrions alr and charm ng scenery of Nioe to reinv 8
orate his falling strength.
SPAIN PROPOSES TO REFER THE HORNET CASE
THE COLLIERY DISASTER—THIRTY MINERS KNOWN
TO BE DEAD—A VESSEL WRECKED AND SEVEN
LIVES LOST AN ENGLISH HORSE TO BE
MATCHED AGAINST HARRY BASSETT.
Loxvox, Friday, Oct. 27, 1871
Thirty of the 33 men who were in the mine
at Seaham, where the explosion occurred yesterday, are
dead. The pit is on fire, and another explosion is feared.
There is great excitement among the miners and their
families,
A dispatch from Hong Kong reports the loss of the
Roline Maria off Macao. Beven of the crew were
drowned.
Tattersall has been commissioned to arrange a match
between the English horse Sterling and the American
Lorse Harty Bassett. The stake proposed is £10,000 a
side—£2.000 to be allowed to the owner of Harry Bassett
torun the match in England. The distance named is
one mile and a half, the horses to carry even weights.
Sterling is a three-year-old bay colt by Oxford, dam by
Ratcatcher, out of 8ilence—the property of Mr, Blaydon.
At the Newmarket Houghton meeting he was entered
for the Cambridgeshire stakes for all ages (run last
Tuesday), and won the third place, having run a dead
heat with Mr. W. Day's Allbrook, a five-year-old, both
being beaten by Mr, Keswick's b. g. 8abinus, a fouryear
old.
The remains of Bir Roderick Murchison were buried
to-day. The funeral services were attended by a large
number of distinguished personages, including the Right
Hon. W. E. Gladstoue and Prof, Huxley.

XO HOPE FOR COL. ROSSEL—PRINCE NAPOLEON
IN ITALY—PALIKAO’S DEFENSE.
Paris, Friday, Oct. 27, 1871,
Col. Rossel, the Communist leader, appealed
a second time from the decision of the military court be
fore which he was tried, and his appeal has again been
rejected. The Pardons Commission will meet on the 8th
prox., when a large proportion of the Communists re
maining in prison will probably be liberated.
Prince Napoleon has definitely resigned his seat in the
Council General of Corsica, and has gone to Italy.
Count Palikao, the last Minister of Btate under the
Empire, has published a pamphlet in justification of his
conduct during the erisis which resulted in the decheance
of the Emperor Napoleon aud flight of the Empress Eu
genie,
It is reported that the National Assembly and Govern
ment wil! return from Versailles to Paris before Decem
ber. M. Goulard will be sent by the Government to
Frankfort, to meet an agent of North Germany, to ar
range the details for carrying out the Customs portion
of the recently concluded treaty.
re
THE CUSTOMS TREATY RATIFIED BY PARLIAMENT.
BerLIN, Friday, Oct. 27, 1871.
The German Parliament has adopted a reso
lution approviug aud ratifying the treaty with Frauce.
cl
SCIIMERLING MENTIONED AS HOHENWART'S
SUCCESSOR.
VIENNA, Friday, Oct. 27, 1871.
The resignations of the Ministers fhave been
accepted by the Emperor. No successor to Count Hohen;
wart has vet been named, but it is probable that the
Chevalier de Sehmerling will be culled on to take the
head of the new Mialstry.

A REVOLT IMMINENT IN GOA.
Lispox, Friday, Oct. 27, 1871,
~The Covernor of the Portuguese colony of
Goa, on the west coast of India, has sent a telegraphic
dispatch to the Government here stating that a revolt is
threatened, and asking for assistance.
A TINT TO FRANCE TO PAY UP,
BERNE, Friday, Oct. 27, 1871.
It is announced that the French Government
yet owes to the 8Bwise Confederation 2,500,000 francs, ex
pended by the latter in the maintenance of Gen. Bour
baki's army while interned in Switzerland,
Miss Nilsson appeared last night in Martha
before an audience not less brilliant and numerous than
that which greeted her on Monday night. Her hoarseness
had gone, aud except that she seemed to gpare herself a
little on the upper notes she betrayed littie trace of her
recent indisposition. In the crowed state of our columns
we can only refer in a general way to the merits of what
was, 80 far as the four principals were concerned, an ex
cellent and a spirited performance. Miss Nilsson made
a most charming Lady Henrietta, and Miss Cary a cap
ital Nancy. M. Capoul appeared in the character of
Lionel and achieved (what it must be confessed that he
missed in “II Barblere”) a gennine success. He has a
flexible and resonant voice, of pleasant reedy qual
ity, somewhat lacking in warmth and color,
and light in texture without being at all de
ficient in strength. It ig puarred by a slight tremolo
and by an excessive and unnecessary use of the falsetto,
Its cultivation otherwise is almost perfect, and to the
admirers of the extravagantly sentimental and over
refined French school, M. Capoul will be a model tenor.
He is moreover a vivacious actor, and, despite a little
dandyism and affectation, a man of agreeable presence,
Tue new bass, M.Jamet, made an excellent impression
as Plunkett, His voice is not remarkable for depth, but
it 18 strong, even, and musical, The audience, we may
add, was enthusiastic to the last degree, and Miss Nils
son's “Last Rose of Summer” (which was very sweetly
and simply rendered), and M. Capoul’s “M'appari” wern
greeted with wild delight. The chorus was slrong in
lnale voices, but not particularly well dressed, aud the
Fair scene was rather somber.
THE BOND AFFAIR AGAIN-THE ATTACK ON
MR BANDS.
FE ANE JVC NINY de
Tt is said that legal proceedings against Mr.
Nathaniel Sands will be taken under sectiou 110 of the
pew charter, which provides that
“No officer of the City Government, Steep a Collector of City
Revenue. a Collector of Assessment, Clerk of Arrears, or Counsel to
the Corporation, shall have or receive from the corporation or city
treasury any perquisites or any compensation or commission for Ms
services in addition to Ms salary.”
Mr. Sauds, in addition to his salary of $10,000 as Tax
Commissioner, bas received $76,000 us commissioner for
begotinting city bonds. This was a direct violation of law
and the payment Was, therefore, a misappropriation of
Fable funds, It seems clear to the persons who o
sue for the money that Mr. Sands must repay RK Prhe
previous section provides that auy officer of the City Go
vernment who shall convert any of the public property
to his own use, Or knowingly permit any other
Jezeon 80 to convert it, shall be deemed Sugy of a mis
emeanor; and in addition to the penalties imposed by
law, shall forfeit his office, and be excluded forever after
from receiving or holding auy cffice under the Sy. It is
clatmed that Mr. Sands, y king the $76,000 of public
Wopey which he was iorbidden by law to take, has sub
sects himself to these Jensicics, A penal statute must
strietly interpreted, owever, and the criminal intent
must be proved before a man cal be convicted of a crime.
2» MANLY CARD FROM ROBERT COLLYER.
To (he Adi4YT VIF BY ig" vo
Sir: I am in the receipt of great many
letters from the East inviting me to come down there
and lecture, and suggesting “The Chicago Fire’ as a
good subjest. As I Lave no time to answer these letters
separately, and want to save others who may intend to
write me the trouble, will you grant me space to say that
1 do not expect to be able to Jeave Chicago this Winter
op any long journey; and it it were otherwise, it would
still be tmpossible for me to Jecture on this great calam
ity at sent, becsuse the pain of it still too
hard 2 in us all; and then I should feel NE naad Io take
advantage of the capital market for such wares just
now, and so get a big price for a poor article. Respect
fully yours, ROBERT COLLYER,
Ohieaao IU.. Oct. 24, 1871.
r

_...Cardinal Antonelli, the Papal Minister of State,
av ited States Minister Schenck 1s indisposed
WR 4)
ETI gd Rigi m0 d of $0 ol
ase aged 9, gue claimants
W oe Win. EB armon, ne. det Ban Francisce on W ednes
cree gra o is now complefed
Ploche, The Degert telog aph ling i od
sent by the Western Union Lines to Balt Lake City. ut h
....The Duke of Mon in a letter to the
be
pi ER AL ho
....The Register of the Treasury slates the steam
tunnage of the country for the year ending June 187], to be hy
{uis, sbowing an iuerense during tho year of 12542 tuna. Of fhis hae
Te Live waaln lunage, loss than by B00 Lang 0 requiarly eagpagddedn thc
{orelfB
FOREIGN NEWS.
GREAT BRITAIN
FRANCE.
GIFRMANY.
AUSTRIA.
PORTICO AL.
RWITZFRI.LAND.
MUSIC.

ITATIAN OPERA—MARTIIA.
From The Evening Post.
Te EGRAPHIC NOTES.
HOME NEWS.
THERMOMETER YESTERDAY.
Midnight,
To. 0° bo Hi
dk HIGH TID 0-DAY.
Long Braneh, (3
way, sud Cogey Id NY Flushing, L. L
an Ra So hiv 85% ON
Fifth Avenue Hotel—=The Hon. George S.
Boutwell, Beerotaty of the Treasury ex-Senator BrP
of Louisiana, the Hon, T. T. Davis of ByTasdise, the Hon.
Alexander H. Rice of Boston, Prof, D, 8. Babcock of
Connecticut, W. McMichael of Philadelphia, and the Rev.
John Scarborough of Pittsburgh, Everett House—
The Hon. Heister Clymer and W, H, NE of Penusyl
vania, Brevoort House—Gen, E. W, Rice of Iowa,
John F. i pnd of Utica, and the Rev. R. C, Mattack of
Philadelphia, Astor House ~The Hon, Charles Btan
ford of Bchenectady, New-York Hotel—Richard
Nevins of Columbus, Olio, and apt. Macaulay of
the steamship China, Gilsey House—Gen. Giles
A. Brith of Washington, Coleman House—The Rev,
J. Foote of Rochester, Si Nicholas Lotd-~Jul es
Suffern of Haverstraw, Judge Rosekrans of Glen's Falls,
ex-Licut. Gov. Bross of Illinois, Judge Van Hosen of
Wisconsin, E. P. Ross of Auburn, and Col. John J. Patter
son of Bouth Carolina. Heropotiian, Hotel—3en.
G. J. Magee of Gov, Hoftiuan's and Col, James A,
geott of Virginia. Hoffman House—Robert M.
Walsh, formerly Chargé d’Affaires of Paris, and exCon
Jolin A, Kasson of lowa, Grand Central
man
otel=Judpee E. C. Cheney of Florida.
Aanw-10ULA Lill.
Estimated amount of taxes received on real
estate yesterday, $750,000.
The arrival of the Russian fleet, with the
Grand Duke Alexis on board, is still hourly expected,
but no intelligence concerning it has yet been received,
Bertha Smith, age 11, died yesterday at No.
650 Tenth-ave. from Paris green, which she had taken in
consequence of remorse at having stolen a small sum of
money from her mother,
Ladies desirous of aiding friendless young
women in thelr efforts to support themselves, cannot do
so more effectually than by patronizing the fine sewing
department of the Young Ladies’ Christian Association.
At the rooms, No, 64 1rving piace, corner of Eighteenth
st., all kinds of flue sewing, ladies’ and children’s under
garments, infants’ wardrobes, &e., arekept for sale, and
orders are received,
The latest disguises of the counterfeit sawdust
swindlers are under the names of H. K. Daniels, No. 59
Nassan-st.; Dr. J. Houran, No. 340 Canal-st; Wm. and
John Wood, No. 192 Broadway; and Ruffenach, Gulde
Co., Nos. 44 and 46 Liberty-st. Confederates of these
scamps are supposed to exist also at No. 300 Mulberry-st.,
commonly gubbosed to be the Central Headquarters of a
Detective and Protective Police.
Secretary Boutwell repeated, under the
auspices of the Mercantile Library Asssciation, at Stein
way Hall, ast evening, his lecture on “Present Ques
tions Affecting Public Prosperity,” delivered in Boston
on Thursday, und published in substance in yesterday's
TRIBUNE. The lecturer's assertion that the Incowe tax
should be eontinued until the national debt was paid was
received with an uproar of mingled hisses sud applause.
The audicuce was large,
BROOKLYN.
Isaac R. St. John filed bonds in $100,000, yes
terday, as Receiver of the Lamar Fire lusurance Com
pany.
Great complaints are made of the dirty con
dition of the streets and avenues in the outer Wards,
where stroet-cleauvers are a novelty.
The members of St. Mary’s Roman Catholic
Church have presented their pastor, the Rev. Father
Heflernan, with $1,000 in greenbacks,
Within one block of the Police Central Office
there are two well-patronized faro banks, and the Police
have never made even a pretense of interfering with
them.
Louis Maller was sent to the Penitentiary,
yesterday, for six months by Justice Buckley, for having
stolen a meerschaum pipe and bartered it for food and
medicine for his child, which was dying with small-pox.
The billiard contest between Garnier and
Daly, for §2,000, played last night at Irving Hall, resulted
in the success of Dely by a game of 1,500 to 1,240. The
winner's best run was 527, and his average 25. Garnler’s
best run was 132, aud average, 20.
The Reformers’ Committee of Fifty to inves
tizate the City and County accounts has not been
completed, and operations will probably be delayed until
after the election, so that there can be no charges made
awain~t the wovewent a8 being in the iuterest of any
political party.
LONG ISLAND.
Nrwrtows.—Work has been stopped on the
Hoffman Boulevard, running from Jamaica to the East
River, on account of the injunction against paying the
assessments on the property-owners of He i
NEW-JERSEY.
Jersey Crty.—In the Court of Qnurter Ses
sions, Judge Randolph presiding, the following were
sentenced yesterday: Martin Tuomey, larceny, four
years iu State Prison; Edward Dalton, breaking into the
New-Jersey Railroad ticket-office, two years; Charles
Nugent, stealing clothing, two vears; George Lowenger,
stealing $60 worth of goods, turee years; Edward Tra
verse and Thomas O’Brien, stealing $700 worth of goods,
ten years each; Bolowon Hehry Nugas, foremng orders
for shoes, three years; Martin urets assaulting William
Williams, one year; John V. Hatfleld, age 22, bigamy,
nine gear, ...A Republican ratification esting wis
held, fast night, under the Risfiess of the Colored Cen
tral Clah, Major Peloubet aud Benjamin Russell made
addresses.
NEWARK.— Patrick Sherry, age 40, a brakeman on the
Delaware, Lackawinna and Western Railroad, was killed
yesterday 1 a freight train, between this city aud East
Orange. Le dry xoods firm of J. L. Sutphen Co. Las
failed for $40,000. The U. 8S. Mar:hal Las possession of
the Lreniives.. Prederis Ligenman, tried for mau
slaughter, was acquitted yesterday. The trial of Thos.
Thighe wnd James Gelchenna for aun atrocious assault on
Officer Wilde, on Sedt. 3, has not been concluded....
Alderman James E. Bathgate and others were arraigned
before a police justice yesterday for violating a city ordi
nance by driving sheep fhFoniu the streets on sunday.
Case referred tothe City Counsel... Testamentary letters
were granted yesterduy on the estate of Elizabeth C.
Belcher, worth $21,000... The wills of Abraham Getchiens
and Solomon James, representing respectively $10,000
and $14,000, were adwitted to probate,
HoBOKEX.—The ejectment case was resumed yester
day in the County Court. Moat of the time wasoccupled
fu examiniug witnesses for the defense, the principal one
being W. W. Blippen of the Hoboken Land Ho pros ewe}
Company, who testified in Tofard to water-front aad
tide marks ou the property. The case will probably Le
concluded today... he Committee appointed by the
Common Council to select a building to be used as a
hospital for contagious diseases, has selected one at
Thirteenth and Grand-sts., recently used as an oil factory.
PATERRON.—The Main-st. Horse Railroad Company will
begin operations on Monday. Au extension of the road
through Kast Pwent fut -at. and Trenton-ave. to Lake
View i projected. The courts will issue naturalization
papers next Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.
Passaic.—The Erie Railway track west of Passaic
Bridge was washed away early yesterday. A westward
bound freight train of 24 cars ran off the track, causing
several hours’ delay to the regular trains.
a——
“Mike” Farrell, the notorious Brooklyn illicit
whisky distiller, was surrendered by his bondsman to the U. 8. Marshal,
yestanla)y, aid is Dow in confinement until another bondsman can be pro
cured.
Edward Kells, age 28, of No. 437 West Twenty
sixth-st., was jostantly killed Joviertay, in the workshop of the Holbrook
Manofactarivg Company. at No, 537 West Twent;-fourili-st., by barrel
of serap copper fa on him.
Robert Binger, age 22, of No. 268 Second-st., shot
himself in the fatally with a revolver last evening, during ft a of
temporary insanity.
Capt. Walsh and a section of men made a descent,
last evening, on the kemo game in the rear of the Louvre saloon, at No,
164 Crosby-si., and eapered the proprietors, Albert and Herman Damp.
wolf. and 12 others. y also secured an urn and s aawmber of cards aud
checks. These, with the prisoners, were removed to the Spring-st. Police
Ststionn
WAR DEPARTMENT,
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF BIGNAL OFFICER,
WASHINGTON, Oct, 28, 1a. Ww.
-.H
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28, 1a. Ww.
Synopsis for the past twenty-four hours.
The barometer has fallen rapidly in Utah,
with threatening weather; it has risen south and west of
Tennessee, with continued clear weather and light winds
in the Southern and Gulf States.
The cloudiness of Thursday has cleared away very
genorally 1h the Middle and Eastern States, with light
winds. Brisk south-wesierly winds have been experi
enced for a short time on Lake Erte.
The area of lowest pressure is some distance north of
Lake Ontario. The temperature has fallen still further
porth and west of Lake Michigun, and is alightly so
throughout the Atlantic coast.
Probabilities.
A storm of some severity will probably be experianced
on Saturday in and west of Colorado and Wyoming. Clear
Weasther and light winds for the Bouthern and Gulf
Probably a storm in Southern Florida, but in the ab
seuce of in:portant Teports pothing Woke can be affirmed.
Light northerly winds on Lakes Michigan and Superior,
backing to south-west. Diminished westerly w ds on
Lakes and Ontario. Clear aid pleasant weather on
Middle and East Atlantic.
mins ANY GRAND JURY IN 'BOUTH CAROLINA,
BE AA A A ly ma TT waa Ca
CrarLzsToN, 8. C., Oct. 27.—The Grand Jury
of Chester Coumty, composed of six whites and six
negroes, made presentment embodying the result of
thelr investigation of the alleged Ku-Klux outrages there,
and conclude as follows:
“Ww Grand Jury, upon our oaths, are 1
from our of the dislerent parts of the county
tha ha sleet COIL th Sh oun
Lion, ad wt the Jou} of falachoud communicated
regardless of good 1
fo) J parecns i) order auc
"HE DAUNTLESS DEFEATS THE DREADNAUGHT
A yacht race between Commodore Bennett's
yoeht Dauntless pd Capt. Bamunels's yacht Dreadnaught
cag of $i y over the ocean coarse from Handy
H windward and back. A Sood start was
i
PRIOMINENRT ARRIVAIA
YEW-YORK CITY.
POLICE NOTES,
WEATHER REPORT.
effected, the Dauntless getting off at 13:32:50, and the
Dreadnaugbt at 12:66:38. Tue weather was very unfavor
able, rain ailing during the whole of the race, and there
being but a slight breeze. From she start the Dauntless
maintained the lead. She turned the stake-boat at
2:48:30, and the Dreadnanghs at 3:97:10. On the home
course the Dauntless increased her lead copalderably,
arriving at the starting place at 5:07:10. The Dread
naught arrived at 5:33:10.
CORKECTED TIVE,
Daantleas.. .......4:14:20 Dreadnaught... 4:30:30
The race excited very little interest,
THE 8 STATE OF TRADE
NAMPRTI(C MARERETY
saii—
TRINA ATK E
Avpaxy, Oct. $1—~Wheat fuer with imjroved eilling demand sales,
4 cars of No. White State an! Michigan, 1 2700 bn. No.
White Hitip. $19; 1 ear Treadwell, $1 70; Jcars ial, $1 80.
Rye quiet an wachsnpod. Corn steady and in moderate demand sales.
£500 bush, Western Mixed, in two lots In store, at 77#7:6. Barley beld
more inl, chucking business sales of 2 cars No. 2 Canada West al Joc,
Oats steady, with improcert demand; sa'es of 2 ears and 1,70 Lush. No,
2 Btate at 50c; car No. J State at Sle. 3 ears No. White State ab 55¢.,
and 7,000 bush, No. 2 Chics on orivate terms,
New-Orimans, Oct ~Flour dull; Sperive, #8; Donble
Extra, $6 75; Treble Extra, $7267 254. Corn lover at 0a9de. Oats
Quel at 51253c. Hay—choies, $35. Pork firmer: heldat $15 20
acon quiet; Shoulders, Ofe.; Clear Rib fle; Cloar Sides, le.
Hams, no demand. Lard—ueree. 0c. keg. 12al%je. Bugar frm;
good to fair, 10§@10Ye. strictly priue, ibje. 3olasses lower, Rentrilage,
4A5@52¢. striculy prime, 61 @b2e. Whisky, 9c. 7 $1 04}, Cole frm;
fair, i prime, 194 a20c. Exchange—8terling, 1404; New-York
Bight, discount. Gold, 1121.
maNaroNn, N. C., Oct, ¥i=Rpiris Turpentine Suics at 62¢.
Rosin firm at $3 35 for rtrainel. Crude Turpentine steady at $3 50
for Hard; $5 25 for Yellow Dip, sud $5 35 for Virgin. Tar steady
at
PASNI'NIOIFERS ARRIVED
FROM BAVANNAH —In steamship Lee, Oct. 27.—E. D. Smythe, Wm"
Quinn aud wafs, Dir, PP, A. Gordon, Mrs, Loug, W. W, Ca» J. W. Cur
ley. H. T. eanlor, RR. Gorman ard wife, Miss Ella Barrett, Miss J.
E. Barrett, 5, M. Carlion, P. B. Wilson, R. M. Lawrence,
FROM BREMEN—In steamiblp Hansa, Oct. 27.—Mra Meyer and
child, A. Deroge, G. de Wrangel, 1. Neal’. G. T. Carter, J. Hunt an!
family, V. I. Johuson, M. Lawrence, Herm C, Berg, fimilv and servant
Ernst Wegbaosen, ina Marnielstin, Hy, Wu'ster:, Maxim fiane Lock
iuger, Mra. Kattentidt, Aline Walters and chiliren, John Kraathain and
child, Wilh, Moller, Wilhe Hagemann, Fried, Walloth, Wilb. Range,
A. Stechmana. Curistine Gropp, Caroline Gunther and child, Clira
Hessler, August Hessler, Heinr. Harthemerer, LeopoM Graf, Gertrude
Jager sud infant, Fried. Haeling and wite, Frederick Waclter,
a
LATEST SHIP NEWS.
|For other Ship News see Third Page.)
ADIT LY,
ARRIVED.
Steamslip Wyanoke, Bourre, Richmond, City Polat, and Norfolk, with
mdse. and pass. to Old Dominion Steams! Co.
Kieamsiip Ellen 8. Terry, Salyear, Newhern, N.C. 43 hoors, with
naval stores and pass. to Murray, Ferris Co.
Steamship Leo, Dearborn, Savannah, Oct. 24, with mdse. and pasa. to
Murray, Ferns Co.
Ship Knight Companion (of Liverpool). Lecraw, Calcutta June 7, and
Sands Head sth, with mdse. to L. Wright Co,
Ship Marianna V., (Port.), Ferriera. Lisbon 40 days, with salt and eork
and pass. to I. E. Amsinex Co,
Bark Bessie Parker, (of 8t. Jobn, N. B.), Cox, Havre 35 days, in bal
last to J. W. Flweil Co.
Bark C. 8. Rogers (of Bath). Dickinson, Arecibo. P. R., 12 davs. with
sugar and molasses to Kirkland Von Sachs; vesscl to James W. Elwell
Jo.
Bark Stella, Gazsola, (Ital), Catangas, Cork, 34 days, in ballast to
order.
Bark Antelope, Davis, St. Croix 10 days, with sugar, molasses and ram
to Roche Bros. Co.
Park St. Mary, Hallowell, Havre Sept. 16, in ballast to J. W. Elwell
Co,
Lark Brothers, (of Boston), Long, Malaga Sept. 16, with fruit to
master,
Bark Saga (Nor.), Olsen, Newport, Eng., 4 days, with railroad iron to
order; vessel to Funch Edye Co
Brig Two Brothers (of Bermuda), Weaver, Vera Crus Oct. 8 via Tus
pan, with wood to W., Cunuiegham Co.
Jrig J. M. Wiswell (of Dostcr), Glover, Montevideo 51 days, with
Lides to Miller Houguton.
Brig Roseway, (of Liverpool, N. 8.), McParland, Milk River, Jam,, 26
davs, with logwood w 8. DeCondova.
Brig Ella Monson, Mouson, of, and 7 dass from Machias, with lumber.
Brig Eunice, (Br.), Donovan, Perth Amboy for Yarmouth, N. 8.
Brig Selinay (of Barbadoes) Bogart, Para 22 days, with rubber and nuts
to L. E. Amsinck Co,
Brig Katie (of 5t, Croix). Robinson, St. Croix 15 days. with sugar and
molasses to P. H. Hanford Co.
Brig Veteran (of Liverpool, N. 8.). Snow. Malaga 43 days, with fruit
to Lawrence Giles Co. vessel to Jas. Henry.
Brig Ann (of Gibraltar), Mogador, (Africa), 40 days, with canary seed
and wine to A. P. Francia.
Brig Wanderer, (Br.), Many, New-London, in ballast to Henry H.
arker.
Schr. Ida Richardson, Bedell, Charleston, 8. C., 10 days, yellow pine to
Wm. Hasken; vesse' to Evans, ball Co.
Sehr. 8. Blew, Clark, Wilmington, N. C.,5 days, with naval stores to
Murray, Ferris Co. vessel to master.
ear, Ben, Davis, Wilmington, N, C., 5 days, with caval stores to B. 8.
owel
Schr. Spartel, 8mith, Jacksonsille 8 days, with yellow pine to The
New-Haven Steam Saw-Mill Co. vessel to Jed Frye Co.
Schr. Chas. E. Moody (of Frankfort), Whittemore, Para 12 days, with
rubber and pots to C. Lodmann Co. vessel to B. J. Wenberg.
Sehr. Samuel KE. Fabens (of Newbariport), Crocker, Uchio Rios. 15
days, with fruit to Rathburn Bros. Co; vessel to B. J. Wenbery.
BCHOON KES—K IVER AND COASTWISK,
Fred. Warren, Rocklaud. Jolin Burley, Roudout,
Alice Oakes, Rockland. Isabella Thompson, Philadelphia
M. E. Rankin, Philadelphia. 7. L. Adams Eilalelpbia.
Lizzie Bennets. Khzabetaport, J. R. McGee, Elizabetbport.
Luna, Elizabethport. John Laucaster, Kiizabetlvort,
Jacob Raymond, Elizabetiport, Anteerdent, Elizabethport.
M. J Meade, Taunton, M. J. Fisher, Boston.
Jos. Hoy, Providence, Warren Gates, Greenwich,
Gen, Grant, New-llaren, Henry Lemuel, New-Haven.
V. Buckalew, Connecticut River.  Muirgaret Keanedy, Greenport
H. G. Russell, Portland, Ct. Ruth Halsey, New-Londoa.
Cerro Gordo, New-Loudon, Litil= Chatley, Greenport.
Anelia. Rockland. Highlander, Port Johason.
Josephine, Port Johnson, D adem, Port Johnson.
Henry Remsen, Port Johmon. Mercer, Port Johnson.
Eliza Pliaro, Port Johuson. Hudson, Port Johnson.
Sam Weller, Port Johnson. K. Dean, Port Jobuson.
Hyena, Port Johnson. Mary Mershon, Port Johason.
Orion, Port Johnson. Zapata. Port Johnson.
Huntress, Port Johnson. eles, Port Johason.
Horizon. Port Johnson. Yowmw, Pot Jubasen,
Mary Eliza, Port Johnson, E. M, Wells. Port Johnson.
Lower Newton, Elizabeth; ort. Ano Amelia, Elizabet jor,
North Pacific, Elizabethport. D. KE. Kelly, Elizabeth; ort.
La'tic. Elzabethport. Maracabo, Elizabetbpori
J. L. Terry, Elizabethport. Niantic, Elizavetbport.
BELOW.
T? res barks ard one brig outs lv tue Bar; ore bark off Lightskip, and
two Larks und one Lng off the Highlands, bound 1a.
SAILED.
Rteamship Missouri, for Havana.
WIND—>uucown, Ligut, W. N. W.; cloudy.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ForTrEss Mowroe, Oct. 27.—Passed out, bark Einar, for Rotterdam;
sehr. J. Sampson, for Marseilles. Sailed, barks True, for New-York;
Haucoek, from City Point for Bordeaux.
Sax Francisco, Oct. 27.—=The steawer Constitation from Panama has
arrived.
DISASTERS,
Provinexce, R. I, Oct. 27,—7The schooner Astra of and from St.
Jobin, New-Brunswick, for New-York, wert ashore on illock Island oa
the morning of tue 26th, in a thick fog KLe will probably come off alter
discharging ber cargo, if the weatuer holds goou. She Lad previously lost
Ler deex-load of !aths.
BostoN, vet. 27.—A powerful fog-horn, blown by steam, has been
placed at Boston light for tLe guidauce of veasels entering the barbor
during the thick weatuer,
BUreNETT'S KALLISTON is the best Cosmetic.
Mayor HALL As AN ANNIHILATOR.— We do
pot know how true it is that Mayor Hall is preparing to annibilate bis
accusers, but we know that he is one of the most versatile, witty, and
humorous men in pablic office, and that be iovariably purchases bis hats
of Kxox, No. 212 Broaiway.

To MotnErs.—Use IMPERIAL GRANUM, the
great medicinal food, eepeciaily safe for infants, and a most valuable
remedy in al. cases of disrrhes, cholera intantem, and Jdvsenters. Sold by
all digg ste. and at the wholesale depot by CARLE STRONG, 33 Water:
at corner Maiden-lane.
a—————
\4
“There's NoTHING LIKE Leatuer;” and
when we say the Boot an! Shoe Dealers and Mauofictorers image the
AMERICAN Horse, Bostoy, their headquarters we on ray a deserved
compliment te their perception of what constitutes a realy good Lotel
To tae Preric.
On the lst of November we will publ sa th: oames of ovr anthor
Ages in this city for the sale of the celebrate] DIAMOND SPecTaCLES,
J. E. Seexcer Cou., 16 Muden-lane.

PARTIES using E. HoLues's BURGLAR
ALAkM TELEGRAPH should keep their bell set for the moeccupied part
of the house during the day, aud for the entire house futing the evenin
as well as night. KE. Hovuxs, 7 Myrray-sh
The Troy (N. Y.) Times says the sprightly
look of many of our ol ler citizens is owing sowly to the use of HaLL's
VeueTABLE SiciLiaY HAIR ReNxwRE,
Go To B. 8. SQUirg, 104 Fulton-st., up stairs,
for Watches, Jewelrr, Diamonds, Silverware: he sells direct from the
iron safe, frst Lands, therefore vou save st Manufacturers’ prices.
TrE BEST PLACE in New-York to buy RELI
ABLE WATCHRS, PINE DIAMONDS, RICH, FASHIONABLE JEWELRY, and
STERLING BILVER, is SQuikx's, 97 Fulton-st. Diamoads s specialty.
Gents DrEss Hats.—Hebberd, 419 Broadway,
pear (‘anal-st.. has the best—his stock of dress and nudress hats is large.
Silk Hats $7; Boys’ and Children's Hats.
Grocers and Family Supply Dealers sel
DooLxY's YEAST PowpER. It isthe best. Take no other.
For a Stylish and Elegant HAT go direct to
the Manufacturer, BsPrNscH EID, 118 Nassan-st.
ire Insurance.
The sudden and great disaster at Chicago has wrooght some marvelous
changes among the fire underwriters. These ouly illastrate the fact too
often lost sight of, except immediately after a great conflagration, that fire
insurance ls a business of Aasard—in fact, a risky business, and empha
size most pointedly the demand for sound insurers that adequate rates
should be paid, that the retasus upoa insurance capital should Justly be
far greater than upon that which is invested in other business, not lnvoly
ing such positive risk.
Among the most favored of the Insurance Companies is the old Mxrno
portray, No. 108 Broadway, which having in its day passed through fire,
from Maine to California, and come oat alive, while others stood wu
seathed around it, now, ia ita turn, having withdrawn its agencies, finds
itself standing strong and erect, while destruction surrounds it on every
side,
Having already paid, by way of indemnity, to Its customers, Five Mu.
210% DoLLARS, owing nothing, with a CarrraL ef $300,000, and a Sun
yLUS of $00,000, it offers at adequate rates, and in Nues proportioned to
its assets such security against loss by fire, as our people are in the habis
of confiding in and Sanding well worthy of thelr confdenee. The Company
will also take chasge of and place in reliable Companies entire lines of
lusarance.—| Commercial Advertiser.
Important te Mothers,—Mzs. Winuow's Soorming Syrre
for all diseases with which children are afflicted, is a safe aud cestal
remedy.
Yet your anger set with the sun, but not rise with iL”
Let thousands who read the ToLxpo Mom¥iNé COMMERCIAL be con
stautly reminded of you.
Many a man has lost his all by the too freqnent nse ’of
to morrow, but never by a free use of the columns of the ToLkno Mok.
ena
Supply yourself with a box of Durme’s Sand Folie
the crowd and you will fad it.
tAugoancements.
Long Winter Fyent ‘1axp Tanz! Fall see
Case and Balle Si vorisan fan $9 on. im free
AsoT Nicuouis, 99 Hr riy-st., New-Yerk,
Basnoa
Parson's Purgntive Pills<Bast family phya
Cavalry Condition Powders, for horses.
ped AJ
Coughs; CoMe. Roreness of Chest and Bunge, relieved of,0% ud
Jounsun'y Exowvxm Lixinawr. ht
ADDINS®LEL-WILKIW8—At Arlington, Vi, Oet
Conrles Sart Hale. Gooner W. Adtimsell of New-York 1 a
Fleet duaghons of Capt. conte i, Wiikias, sad gramida: of the
Ute Out. rge Wilkins, C. KC 11. of fer Maoriy'e Rie Brugada
Revy
BABCOCK--PHIPPS—0n Wednesday, OA, 25, at the Church
Messiah, by Rev. Geo, H, Hepworth, Phaniy Babeoek hy
youngest daughicr ol James Ln Phipps, ery. all of tuis city.
COX HATNES-On Thursday, Och 26,154, br she Rev. WW. A. Mab
son, Wallace Cox of Urecay N.J., Ww Edith L. Haitgs of Jersey
City, No cards,
y
CORY IN =COSNSDIT=0n Oct, 2%, at St. Mark's Chureh, Oyan
Ly Lev. Janes A, Wiliams, D. D,, Frank NX. W. Corin of Hewamh os
Sard E., doogbter of Joseph A. Condit, es), of the former place
DODGE—=PRALL ~At Paterson, X. J., oa Welneaday, Oct 25, WII,
by the Rev. Julm A. Hedvruan. Mr. Frederick N, Dod ze oi New-York
to Mixs Jenuie yy... daaghter of the late Abrabaw Prall of the forded
place.
INGERSOLL —EMITH=On Wedveslay, Ost. 25, 16871, at the bride's
residenes, hv the Rev, J. L. Dauner, Oliver 8. lagersoll to Carne U.
Smith, alf of this city. No carus.
TUCKER—YAN BUsKIRK—On Thardlay, Oct. 26, at she First Pros.
byterian Chnrch, Newa-k, N. J., *br Rev, J. PF. Stegrus, D. D., Preah
Toeker of New-York w bl. Adelai.e, daughter of Roswell Vaa lias
kirk es). of Newark, N, J.
WAKD=LADB—Iv Portsmouth, N. H., by Rev. Jas. De Normandie, J,
Latglon Ward of this city to Aupiec P., daughter of Alexr. Al. Ladd of
Portasoat!h.
WOITTENOLE-MOTT—0a Wednes'ay, Oct. 25, at thc Fourth-ave.
Prestitorian Chased, Ly the es. Honand Crosby. D. D., assisted
by the ev, A. BR. Thom: oa, D. D. didney Whitt more to kmias A.
Mott, daughter of Heurr A. Mott. esq, a.t of tuis city.
MU Notires of Marriages must be indorsed with full
NAN GR aiiress 8
DANTA—In Rraokirn, on Welnesiay avening, Oct. 25, Paul, youngest
sou of Wiliam Unota, m the Zig year of bis age.
The relatives and {reads of the family ace respectfully invited to attend
tue faveral from the residence of Lis pareats, 157 Dean-st., near Hoyt,
on daturday, Oct 29, ad 2:80 o'clock.
BOYLE~On Friday, Oct 22 John Boyle. aged 33 rears.
Relatives and friends of the Limiir are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral on Sahua'h aftcravon, at o'c.oca from Lis lats residence, 534
Wei Thirty-aiuth-st.
COURTIS—Tn this ou Thurslay evening, Oct. 26, Stacy Courtls,
formerly of Boston, Mass.
Puneral services will he he'd at Mr. Prothingham’s Chareh (Lyrie Hally,
Nixtheave, on Sond, Oct, 29, at 4 pm Friends of the family sre
rerpectivily invited 10 be present.
COX—0n Friday worniug, Anna Klizsbetd, daughter of Anna M. and the
late Joon J. Cox, aged 4 wouths.
Funeral from corier leary and Awity-sts., Brooklyn, on Monday, Oct, 29,
at l o'clock p.m.
GOVE~—At Greenpoint, Oct. 27, Anna Maria Dalliba, wife of P. N. Gove,
aged 37 years and 8 wonthe.
Fureral serv ces ou Monday next. at ber late residence, 150 Malton-st., at
1p. wm Friends aud acquaintances are invited to attend witloat fuz
ther notice. Remains to be taken to Amesbary, Mass, for lnterment.
Boston sud Chicago papers please copy.
KIP—At Passaic, N. J, on Thur:dy, Oct. 26, Nicholas J. Kip, aged 47
years and 7 mortha,
The friends of tue family are invited to attend the tan-ral on Sunday,
Oct. 29, at 3 p. m., from the First Reformed Church, Passaic.
STOUGHTON—AL Morrisania, on Thwaiiy, 26th iost., Edward Warren
Stong! tou, third sou of Clas. aud Sarah J. Stoughton, aged 7 years and
3 months.
Thue reiatives and friends of the family ape invited to attend the faneral
on Saturday, Oct 24, at o clock, from the residence of bis pareuts,
corner of broadway and W ali-st., Mornsauis, XX.
TOMPKINS—AL Y pine, Mich., on Uct, 23, Soplronia 8., wife of Cu
H. Tompkins of this Sty
Pemsins taken to Corcond, N. H., for interment.
TROUP—On Friday morning, the 27th inst, Mrs. Elizabeth Troup, in
the 84th year of ber ge.
The relatives and friends of the family are respeetfully invited to at*end
the funeral en Monday, 30th inst, at 12 o'clock, from tio residence
of Ler son, William 8. Troup, 149 East Forty-ffil-st.
VAN DERLIP—-At Troy. N. Y., Oct, 26, Samuel A. Van Derlip, of this
city, in the 32d year of his age.
The funeral services at the residence of his son-in-law, Samuel 8. Me
Clure, Troy. on Sunday afiervoon. His remains wil be brought to
Greenwood for interment.
WESTRAY~On Thursday, Oct. 26, Ano, relict of John Westray, in the
82d year of her age.
Her relatives and Trrendn, and those of her sons. Fletcher and Jobm
Joseph Westray, are respectfully invited to attend ber funeral from Les
late residence, 121 East Thirty-fourth-et., on Sunday, 29th inst., at 3
o'clock.

Republican County Convention.—The Delegates to the
Union Kepuil cen County Convention, held under the ca lof the Union
(enoral Cor mitter, Horace Greeler, President are bereby notified that
the mext meeting of the Convention, appointed for Thursday evening
Las been ADJOLKNED to SATURDAY EVENING, Oct. 28, inst, a4 8
o'clock. at the Union Kepubliean Headquarters, corner of Fifth-ave. sad
Twenty-secoud-st., by request of the Special Commitice on Conference,
Jas. L. HasTix, Sees. JOLIN FALCONER, Chairman.
1anuw A Sravmewny
Las been ADJOLKNED to SATURDAY EVENING, Oct, 25, inst., 4
o'clock. at the Union Kepubiiean Headquarters, corner of Fifth-ave. sad
Twenty-secoud-st., by request of the Special Commitice on Conference,
Jas. L. HasTix, Secs JOLUN FALCONER, Chairman.
Joux A. STANBERRY, il
“weventeenth District Republican Association will meet
in Pftieth-st, ClLureh (Basement), between Broalway an! Eightb-ave.,
THIS (Satarday) EVENING, at o'clock.
Davip B. MeLLisH. Secretary, JOEL W. MASON, President,
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.—Tie pmary cause
of Consumption is derangement of the dige.tive organs ia derange
ment luces deficient putrition and assimilation. By assimilation, I
wean that process by which the autriment of the food is converted inte
blood, and thence, into the solidf of 1he body. Perund with yy
thus impaired. the slightest itica to pulmonary discase,
or if they take pr 4 will be very EbieTvo have sop of the
Lungs in some of its forms: and I bold that it will be impossible
to cure any case of Covcumption without frst resturing
a rood digestion and healthy assimilation. The very first thing to be done
is to clexnse he stomach and bowels from all diseased mucas and slime
which is clogging these orzaus so that they cannot {Shora their fupe
tions, and then rouse up and restore the liver to a beal'by action. For this
parjiose, the surest and Lest remedy is Schenck's Mandrake Pills, These
1111s clean the stomach snd bowels of al the dead an! morbid slime that
i4 causing disease and decav in the whole system. They will clear out
the liver of all diseased bile that bas accumulated there. and arouse it
to a new and Lealthy action, by which uataral and healthy bile is a
The stowach, boae's, and liver are thus cleans-d by the vse of Schenek’s
Mandrake Pills: bat there remains in tie stomach an excess of sold,
the organ is torpid, and the appetite poor. la tue bowels, the lactoals
are weak, and requiring Sheng and sapport, Mt isin a condition like
this that Schenck’s Seaweed Tonic pore to be the most valuable remedy
ever discovered. It is alkaine. aud its use will neutralize all excess of
acid, making the stomach sweet and fresh; it will
give permanent tome to this important organ, aad
create a good, hea'ty appetite, and prepare the sys.
tem for the first process of good cigestion,
aud altimately make good, healthy, Lying blood. After this preparatory
treatment what remain« to cure most cases of consumption is the free
and persevering use of SUIENCR'S PULMONIC SYRUP. The Pal
monie Syrup Duarishes ihe system, purides tie blood, and is readily ab
sorbed into the circulation, unl thence distributed to the diseased Ln
There it ripeas all morh o matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists Nature to expel sl) the diseased matter 1 the
form of {ree ex cctoration, when once 14 ripeas, It is then, hy the greas
beahng and punfsiug properies of SCHENCK'S PULMONIC SYRUP,
that of uleers and eavities ere healed up sound and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done in cunug Consmupiion is to get y Md
good appetite and 4 good digestion, so that the Loly will grow ia
and get strorg. If a person bas disessed langs, a cavity or abscess thers,
the cavity canuot heal, the matter capuot ripen, 80 loug 4s the system is
Lelow par. What 18 necessary to cuie is a uew oder of things, good
appetite, a good potrition, the body to grow in fies and get fat; thea
Nature is bel; ed, the cavities wil! teal, the niter wil ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, anl the person row in Lealth and strength.
Thus is the trae and only plan to cure Cousampt va, aud if 8 person is
very bad, if the lungs are uot entirely uestrosed or even if one lung is
entirely gone, if there 1s euvugh vitality Jeft iu tue other to besl wp,
there is hone,
1 have sean many persons cared with only one sonnd lung live ander
life to a good oll age. This is what Scheuek's Medicines will do tor
Consumption. They will clesn out the stomach, sweeten and strengtoen
it, get up a good Gigestion. aud give Nature the ussirlance sue needs to
glen che syste of uil she disease that is in the lungs, whatever the form
may be,
I: is important that, while using Sehenek's Medicines, eare should be
exercised pot to take coll; keep in-dours iu cvol and daioy weather;
avoid night-air, and take out-dvor exercise only in a genial and warm
sunshine,
1 wish it disticetly understood that when I recommend a patient to be
careful in regard to taking coll while wsing my medicines, [dose form
special reason. A mip who bas bot para ly recovere! from the eJects
of a bad cold is far more liuhle to a relaps: than one who has buea
entirely cured, and it is precisely the same id rexanl Cousin,
80 loug as the lungs are not Joes Iv healed. just so long is there Lnmi
nent danger of a full retarn of the disease. Hence it is that so strena
ously caution pulmonary patients against exposiug themselves to an at
wosphere that is uot genial wud pleasast.  Confried Consumptivey’
lugs are a mass of sores, shich the least change of atmosphere will in
flame. The grand servi of m: success with my medicines cousists in
my ability to secur inflammation iustesd of provoking it. as wany of
the faculty do. Ar infiaweld lung caunot with safety to the patient be
exposed to the biting Llasts of Winter or the chilling winds of Spring or
Autamn. It shoulu be carefully shielded from all irritating Wy vie. bo
The utmost caution should be observed in this particular, as without it
cure under almost any circumstances is an impossibility.
The person souk be kept on 8 wholesome und uutritious diet, and all
the medicines continned until the body has restored to it the nataral
quantity of flesh and strength.
1 was nal] sued PA this treatment of the worst kind of Consumption,
and have fived to get fat and hearty these mauy years, with oue long
mostly gone. 1 have cared thousands since, and very many have been
cared by this treatment whom have never seen.
About the 1st of October, I expect to Jake DOSES of my néw baild
ing at the north-east corner of Bixth and Arch-ste, where shall be
pleased to give advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedics, so that a person in any
part of the world can be readily cured by a strict observance of the
sae. J. H, ScueNcx, M. D., Philadelphia
JOHN F. HENRY, 8 Colege- place, New-York,
Co Wholesale Agent.
Comm_itee tor the itellef of the Suflerers by the
Chicago Conflagration.
Roows or Tir CHAMBER oF CoMmErce,
No. 65 WiLLian-s7., October 13, 1871
0
Persons desirous of substribing to this object may send their contribu
tions to the Chamber of Commerce, No. 63 William-st., care of GEORGE
WILSON, Secretary of tie Chamber, between the hours of 10 a. ni. and
3p. m., or to any member of the Committee. Cheoks to be made payable
to the order of A. A. LOW, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTEE:
JOHN C. GREEN, Chairman, 71 South-st.
GEORGE OPDYKE, Viee<Chairman, 25 Nassao-st.
A. A. LOW, Treasurer, 31 Burling-slip,
FRANK E. HOWE, Secretary, 88 Wall.st.
Life Association of America.
OFFICE, 92 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.
CARDINAL PRINCIPLES:
Safety and fair return to poliey-holders. Economy and energy in man
agement. All profits equitably divided among policy-holders.
Policies uon- forfeiting, fair surrender value guaranteed by charter,
Every State bas one or more representatives in the General Board of
Directors. WILLIAM BARNES, Actuary.
C. F. Buns, Attorney.
MATA bth. Boi ts TRO
Lea Perrins’ Nance.
Proneunced by Connoissears
“THE ONLY GOOD SAUCE.”
14 improves appetite sud putin. and it is unrivaled for its Saver,
We are directed by Messrs, LEA PERRIND w prosecute all patios
Waking of vesulng counterfelia
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS,
AGENTS, NKW.YORK,
080. P. GORE k Oe., a send the following tele
grom. to their Agent in this city, 149 Duane-at.: We have jast the
first Anetion Ba ja Sis ty siace the fire. Sales reached
Thousand Delars, have been doable that amouat
arrived in we. GEO, P.
For Diamonds, Watches and Jewelry, go t ONO.
A awa). Mat Fourteenth-ab. ‘pv
Post-Ofice Notlco.—The mails for Europe, during ho weeh oad
Ing SATURDAT, Outs sor I0TL, wik Clove ut toi lee ag the we
a on Wodaesday a4 1D BL, on Tharadar atllja m sad on Butaria
slim. P. i JONES, Postmaster
Drankeunoss pam —Ur. BEERS, 107 Fourth
ave, Las a perwasent and painless cur for 3
cured. calor send stamp (or evidence,  Shase one. Ehoumanis,
Pew in Dr. Chapli's Church for SALE or RENT, low.
or
Apply wo BERT, bof H
4. JACOBS. Thomas-ot.
MARRIED
MELD.
Gupecial Notices