8
NEW ENGLAND NEWS :TEMS
Kprinailrld and Vicinity.
The contract for constructing that section the
Troy and Greenfield railroad between the
and'North Adams, has been awarded by th state
to C. McCUUlaa A Son of Chicopee
The Palmer Journal says that Mr Hear.- 1.
Brown of Brimfield has discovered errors enou.fo
in the count of the senatorial vote in e isteia
Hampden to elect bimselt and defta* Mayor
Smith, who was declared chosen by oa plurali
ty. He will accordingly contest the seat.
Rev Dr Buckingham's society are actively dis
cussing the new church project, which took shape
with the appointment of a soliciting comm -te
at the recent parish meeting, anti the pros
pect is quite hopeful. No subscriptions, however,
have vet been made. The annual rental of w, in
the present church will take place January 1.
Bv the completion of the third rai; on the Al
bany and Susquehanna railroad and the COnstruc
tion'of a branch of 21 miles, coal can be brought
in Boston and Albany cars direct from the mines
at Carbondale and Wilkesbarre, Pa to this city.
The lirst lot of cars left Albany for the mines on
Thursday, returned on Saturday nd will arrive
here to day or to-morrow. This is an arrange
ment which dealers and consignees in this
vicinity will appreciate.
The ntw town hall at Chicopee was dedi
cated on Thursday; the ceremony being an in
troductory address by the president of the occa
sion, F W. Carter, the presentation of mem trial
tablets bv the “ladles' soldiers' aid society,’ and
addresses bv Col E. P. Nettleton, Judge Wells,
ex Senator Stearns, A. L Soule and others. A
concert by Gilmore’s band, conducted by Ar
buckle, coaatitut id the entertainment ot Ie even
ing, which was followed by a grand ball.
The city treasurer’s books, which have just
been balanced for the fiscal year. make, after ac
counting for more than usual expenditures, a
fairtr gr thvb exhibit, and the debt now stands
as foli- vi Funded debt, $70,009; permanent
loans, $256,0u0; tem orary loans. $-16,000; nn
paid croer/. SIS til; total, 5355111. The cash
assets are $lB6 440, ’caving, December 19,1871,
a net indebtedness of $248,671 A: the close of
1870 the indebtednes.- was $268,732, making a re
duction for this year of $20,061. Besides this,
the gain in real estate the past year has been
$21,540, making a total gain of $41,601.
Tt toil-bridge came very near being converted
into a free cruising about half-past 11 o’clock,
Mora;:' night, regardless of charters or lobbies.
At that hoitr three young men of West Spring
field were crossing tiro venerable structure, when,
at about the middie, they discovered fire in the
planks. They gave tie alarm, and upon prying
up the floor, a vigorous com
going on in tho dry timbers, which, in a few
minutes more, would'cave harnessed the wind to
its service and swept things. The stockholders
can iff-rd to reward these young men, for there
is a certainty that the pnblic never will.
S t ringfield’s contribution for the relief of Chi
cago was sls 611, exclusive of considerable sums
forwarded direct by the contributors. In a let
ter to City Treasurer Folsom, acknowledging the
receipt of the money, George M Pullman, treas
urer c r the relief fund, says; “In the name of
our impoverished people, many of whom are still
suffering greatly in spite of our efforts, we thank
your sympathising citizens and yourself for thus
kindiv and largely augmenting our means of. re
lief. Let al! who hare generously given of their
store to swell the grand total of vour contribution
be as.ured that their bounty shall be wisely ad
ministered through the medium of this organ
ization.”
The surer lor court has continues in session th?
past week, and, besides considerable business of
little moment, the following sentences have been
imposed: George Clark, for the highway robbery
of Augustine Burt and other offenses, to state
prison for life; Patsey Curley and James Dun
lavy, for the murder iu the second degree of a
com .'anion named C.ary, the former to three
years in the state prison, the other to the same
rim =in th? house of correction. The trial of Dr
Tucker of Westfield, for the alleged abortion and
indirectly death of Mrs Mary Kurtz of the same
place, was thrown out of court bv the district
attorney entering a nolle prosequi because the
.r timeuy of ths dying woman was declared
inadmissible.
Though it seems to ns that the demonstration
of popular and political favor tor Gen Lee, last
week, practically setties the question of Ms ap
poimmen: as postmaster of Springfield, some of
rhe rival candidates still regard the matter as
open, and are earnestly pressing their claims.
New papers and advocates have gone on since fcr
Gen Lie himself; Capt Hutch and his triends are
making a hopeful contest; and Lieutenant Gov
ernor Trask is reported in Washington in behalf
of Mr Mt. The latter is certainly a tnM wor
thy voung ’eEtiemin, and would make an excel
lent'postmaster; hut he ean never stand up
again such backing as this. It" he had any
chance before, it is certainly destroyed now.
A S riagfield correspondent of a distant jour
nal tens us something we had net dared to repear
ourselves, concerning the visit of the Landsoxe
Ka tian grand duke to Springfield. While rest
ing and dining at the Massasoit house, this cor
reipnii-isat says, the neighboring hallo and lob
bi, j of the hotel were crowded with some cf the
fairest and most curious of the fair and carions
sex of Springfield,—peering thnraga doors tuil
crack-.. and around comers, for a full observation
of this "noblest Russian of them all;” and Lea
the grand duke cams to taka bis leavo, end thank
the landlord.—as he that stops at the Massosoit
cm hardly fail to wish to do, a-, least,—fir the
rare comforts and rich luxuries of that hostelry,
he addej, as the culmination of his praise, but
with a slight twinkle in his eye,—"and I cer
lainly never saw a hotel where there were so very
me. y very pretty chambitmaicU.'” The land
lord, we understand, declines to give a list for
publication.
The annnal meeting of the Hampden agricul
tural i-l'i-'y was held in this city, Wednesday
and resulted iu a sharp struggle to decide whether
the management of the society should rest with
the farmers or the more sportive Springfield club,
the victory apparently being with tie farmers
finally, though the other side say that the pro
ceedings were illegal, and that the society has so
tied itself tip that no one is authofzid to do any
bueinu-s for it. The following officers were elect-.
ed; President, Phineas Stidnisn of Chicopee;
secretary, J. N. Bagg of West Spring
fieid; treasurer, J. E- Russell of
Sprincf: .Id; vice presidents, I 1). D’izx
of Springfield, N. T. ft2Hth m SpringfiJH,
R. W Bemis of Chicopee, JuiaS. of
Holyoke, Norman T. Leonard of Westfield, 11.
M. Sessions of Wilbraham, James S. Loomis of
Palmer. Joel M. Tucker of Monson, G. i Ful
ler of Ludlow, G. F. Brown of Briitleld, C 8.
Newell of Longmeadow, E D. Allen of As»-
warn, E N. Fowler of Southwick, F. T. Moore
of To.iand, B. H. Barlow of Granville, W. E.
Boi<e of Blandford, G. W. Holcomb of Chester,
J. W Gibbs of Russell; directors, I) J. Bartlett,
G. W. Converse, Reuben Brooks The total re
ceipts for the past year were $8357. dish':.--e
---ments $3049.
VFeatern Jlwiwachunett.,
Samuel L. Hinckley of Boston, formerly a resi
dent of Northampton, died at Paris very suddenly
of heart disease on Wednesday, his eon, Henry R.
Hinckley of Northampton, be'ir.g notified cf'the
fact by a cable dispatch Wednesday evening. Mr
Hinckley was the eldest son of J. H. Lyman and
grandson of the late Judge Hinckley, from whom
he inherited a handsome fortune with his name.
Mr Hinckley was a lawyer by profession, and
proc >eed to some extent in Northampton, anti
was high sheriff of the county for several rears.
He always retained a lively interact In the'pros
penty of his native town. and ciaoy of the nanu*
factoring interests of the place are largely in
debted to him for tbeir prosperity, by his coun
sels and pur»e. His wife and three younger chil
dren were with him at the time of bis death
Capt Henry E. Alvord, lately p-ofec- >r of mili
tary science in the Amherst *gricci-u si college,
has resigned his commission in the 9th cavcjr,
to assume charge of the estate of his fath the
late I). A. Alvord, late collector of Internal reve
nue for the ninth district.
A sarioes explosion occurred, on Monday
morning, in tho store of Newell Brothers at
Shelburne Falls, by which two employes of the
store, Elliott Gillette and Elmer Briggs, were bad
ly burned and tho building considerably injured. A
large kerosene oil safe standing in the back store
had been emptied, and Briggs, who was inside
the safe for tho purpose of cleaning it out, called
for a lamp, which Gillette was in the act of hand
ing him, when the gas ignited and caused the
explosion. Gillette was considerably burned
about tho face and bead, and Briggs was still
more seriously injured, the exposed parts of his
person being completely blistered, Mid his flesh
in some places adhering to his clothing as it was
taken off It is hoped the injuries will not prove
fatal, though fears are entertained of that result.
The windows and doors of the room were bunt
out, as was one large window in the front store
room.
Some of the i’ittefield Shakers are constant
takers of books from the Athena-uro, and invaria
ble choose the highest class of books.
The Mount Turn and Easthampton railroad
carried 600 paying passengers during the first
eight days it was operated, and its freight busi
ness has also been good.
The selectmen of Enfield have lately paid John
King of Greenwich SSOO on account of damage to
bis son through a delect tn the highway. This
“delect" was a post set up near the middle of the
road, where a sluiceway bad caved in, and the
post occupied that portion for more than a day
or night, so that a smash-np was almost solicited.
The raising of sugar beets and the production of
sugar are attracting a good deal of attention among
the friends of the Amherst agricultural college,
where the experiment has been successfully tried,
and it is stated that the bast granulated sugar
can be produced for seven cents a pound from
sugar beets, and, return a better profit to the
producer than most otthe crops now cultivated in
the Connecticut valley. Cultivators of sugar
beets in France pay a tax of SSO an acre to the
gevemment, and produce sugar which competes
in the English markets with the sugar raised in
rhe English colonies under the most favorable
circumstances. The factories or refineries in
France are so profitable that tho owners get back
the whole capital invested in about three y ears.
The coroner’s inquest upon the body of the
brakeman who was knocked off a car and killed
by a bridge in Webster, a few days ago, resulted
in a verdict severely censuring the railroad cor
poration “for suffering a bridge of a character so
dangerous as to render it unsafe for a brakeman
to pass it while in a sitting posture on the top of
his car at his post of duty." The jurors also call
tie attention of the state railroad commissioners
to the bridge.
Tbs large manufacturing property at Millville
I Blackstone), formerly belonging to Welcome
I arnurn, wa< sold at auction on Wednesday
under a power of sale held by A. T. Stewart of
New Tors, for $50,000. Mr Stewart was the mort
gagee and bis agent bid the property off. A con
dition of the sale was that the $15,000 should be
paid in greenbacks within ten minutes. Of course
the agent was prepared to do it, while nobody
else was.
Barre is thoroughly estranged from her first
lore, the Massachusetts Central, on account of
the supposed adoption of the Hardwick route,
and when the next assessment of 20 per cent is
called for, a big row is anticipated.
Williston seminary, Easthampton, opens its
winter term with 190 students. This number
will be increased by the usual new-comers during
the first month of the term.
The Franklin Savings institution at Greenfield,
having paid its depositors at the rate of 6 per
cent semi-annually, has declared an extra divi
dend of 5 per cent, payable January 1, thus pay
ing depositors for the last five years, 7 per cent,
free from taxes.
The Daily Republican has a larger circulation
in Monson than ever before, and the prospect is
that both the daily and weekly lists in that town
will be greatly augmented before New Year’s.
Subscriptions can be left with Mr Towne at the
pjst office.
The railroad meeting at Sonthbridge, w eaaes
day evening, to discuss the Palmer and Provi
dence railroad project, arid the building of the
Sjutbbndge and Palmer line, was addressed by
DrS. C. Hartwell and A. J. Bartholomew of
Southbridge, David Wight of Sturbridge aud
James G. Alien of Palmer. An unusual interest
iu the project was mani'ested, and it was voted
to hold another meeting, next month. A com
mittee of seven leading citizens was also appoint
ed to arrange for calling a town meeting in Jan
uary, to act on the question of a town subscrip
tion to the stock of the Smthbridge and Palmer
road. The directors held a special meeting at
Southbridge, Thursday forenoon, and voted to
proceed ar once by committee to secure private
subscription to the stock in the towns along the
line, and appointed James G. Allen of Palmer,
Dr S. C. Hartwell of Siuthbridge, and David
Wight of Starbridge as a standing committee to
consult with the directors of tiie Providence and
East Thompson (Ct.) line in furtherance of their
joint interests, with authority to seek such
urther legislative action as may be necessary to
secure she construction of the through line.
Th? Worcester northwest (Athol) agricultural
society has elected these cithers: President Wil
liam B. Spooner of Boston; treasurer, T. H.
Goodspeed; secretary, E. T. Lewis; committee
“ngrounds, L. W. Hapgood, D. E. Chamberlain,
C. W. Moore. The society is in good condition
financially, and has gained a reputation for giv
ing about as good cattlt-fbows as can be seen in
western Massachusetts.
The Vermont aud Massachusetts railroad will
petition the nr.xt Legislature for leave to
I straighten their road between Fitchburg and
Gardner; also between Frying and Taruer’s
I Falls, acd for authority to increase their capital
I stock to the extent of SI 500,000, or to issue
I bonds convertible into stock.
Progress of the Hoosae tunnel in Xovember:
East end 161 feet, central shaft (eastward only)
I 54 feet, west end 131 feet, aud 54) feet of brick
arch built. But 50 feet of the west end of the tunnel
I remsius to be arched. Five thousand pounds of
j nitro glycerine are used at the tunnel every
moUhij.
Joseph North of West Stockbridge, superin
tendent of the Cheever ore bed, was robbed by a
gang of roughs in a New York street car, last
rCNk, Ot Ji 100 which be had just drawn from the
bank'for the parf.ose Of paj Ing iff hi? men, The
company recently had a clerk robbed in tbe same
way, of money to pay miners, and thought to get
their cash this time safely by sending the super
intendent.
Spencer's new SBO,OOO town house, which wa
to te completed by January, will probably not be
finished till April.
Dr Edward Hitchcock, professor of physical
education at Amherst college, is writing a lecture
on “Walking.” Lyceums and lecture eommitteea
should look out tor it.
A a Fisk cf Bernardston has bought a farm cf
75 acres in West Deerfield for 86000.
Tits Worcester free institute has received an
additimi gift from WUitem Knowlton of Up
pjn, In toe to.-m of 600 feet of handsome, square,
rubble wall, capped arid trimmed with white
granite, which Le has constructed along the east
line ot tbe grounds.
The Worcester county west agricultural so
cie'.v has elected for p,esident, George M. Butte
-1 rick; secretary, OramelCijrk; treasurer, Charles
JBrimbiecom, all of Barre.
North Adams A fire broka Out is the build
ing’ponging to Burlingame Darby on Main
etreev. about 1 o’clock, Wednesday morning. The
first foor was occupied by Henry -Jones a» a
confectionery store. His goods were badly dam
aged by water; insured for 4900. H. L Liv er
more oco.wied the second .story as a boarding
house. Hie Jarniture and goods were almost en
tirely destroyed; not insured. Un arks Liver
more broke his leg by jumping fr.om the second
story piazza. Tlw fire originated in tbe base
ment where a me.-t market was kept by Henry
Cousins, whose iosfi Is about $500; IbiwreJ for
8600. The origin of She fire is unknown.
Both the Worcester and Fitchburg jails .fre
full to overflowing.
The eighth annual festival of the farmers cf'
Berkshire, will be held at Thrtis’s hotel in Lenox,,
December 28, when they will discuss the com- i
prenenslve topic of tbe "pa.tpptesent and future
of New England farming.
The descendants of Barzilla Little of Middle-!
field will hold a family reunion at Windham, 0., I
January2l. They are great singers and have:
rousing coueerfs at their gatherings. The
Churches of Middlefield and some cf the Becket F
Ameses belong to this family.
EtuSeVM IflWHMacbuireMs.
The New Bedford papers report that the Beve
THE SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1871.
railroad slaughter, tha Chicago Are ana the daily
reports in the papers of deaths from the explo
sion of petroleum oil, have made the pandit trade
better than ft has been for jears.
William Brown, who lias been stopping >?w
days at Lvnn, cut bls paramour’s throat with a
dirk knife, during a quarrel, Saturday morning.
A neighbor named Allen, arou.od by the woman's
screams, went to tho door and attempted to en
ter, but was met by the murderer, wi.o with the
knife reeking with blood in his hand, dared him
to advance a single step. Adon w< nt for as-sis- 1
lance, but before he reiurned Brown fled to the
woods. He was immediately pursued by police i
officers, and being likelv »o be captured, turned j
suddenly aud attacked Officer Thurston, and in
the struggle both fell. Brown stabbing the officer
several times. Officer Whitton used bis club
without effect, whin City Marshal Barrett com
ing up. drew bis revolver and shot Brown dead.
The affair caused great excitement in the city.
The late Dr Dean, founder of Dean academy at
Franklin, willed $lO 000 to Miss Sarah G. Dulev,
its precep'reis, and SSOOO each to Miss Emma D.
Senter aud Miss Eliza B. Barry, two of the teach
ers The academy, which he had before given
$250 090, comts in for S3OO 000 more.
A portion cf tho South Boston flats, mortgaged
to the state by the Hartford and Erie railroad,
have been sold under the mortgage, tbe state
being tbe purchaser at $545,.‘>00. The premises
are burdened with two prior mortgages.
The revolver with which Keating shot his wife
and himself at Littleton, last week, has been
found rolled op in a vest under a cider barrel in
tbe cellar. When asked wbv he tried to kill his
wife, Keating replied, “She vexed me; she
wouldn't serve mo.” In other words she wouldn’t
milk the cows and chop wood. Mrs Keating is
still alive, and with all her troubles has come
down with fever.
Tobacco is selling quite freely in Amherst and
vicinity for 25 cents a pound, through. It is like
the early and latter rain. Men pay their debts, tbe
women and children hr.ve new clothes, and every
bedv feels lovelv, generally.
The Legislature will be asked to charter a rail
road from Conway to Deerfield, and one from the
Vermont and Massachusetts railroad in Winchen
don to the New Hampshire state line.
Armstrong, tbe North Bridgewater murderer,
will not be tried, as his counsel aud the attorney
general have given notice that he will p’end
guilty of manslaughter, and that this plea wifi
tie accepted by the government.
Cornelius Conners, indicted for the murder of
Officer Wilber of the Chelsea police, was ar
raigned in the supreme court on Saturday, and
pleaded not guilty. His trial will not take place
for two or three months.
William Emerson, one of the persons concerned
in the rape upon the Whitehead girl at Lowell
last summer, and who forfeited by non-appear
ance the 55000 bail in which he was held, was ar
rested at Malden, Thursday night. He has been
in Maiden for somo time, and his friends were in
tending to start him for tbe Weston Saturday.
Charles Laskey, a convict serving a three years’
sentence for larceny in the Charlestown state
prison, and employed in the engine room, escaped
cn Sunday afternoon.
There was a fire on Sunday morning in tbe
store Nos. 19, 20 and 21 Hawley street, Boston.
Tbe following are tbe losses: Foley Co., junk
dealers, $3000; Walworth Co., gas generators,
$70,060; William R. Bennett, $2000; Bartlett
Bitnam, S3OOO Tbe building was damaged
$7090, partially insured.
A special official census, just taken, shows that
New Bedford has 171 manufacturing concerns, in
which $1 461 000 are invested, with an annual
production of $8,139,270. The 3905 employes are
paid $1,717,971 annually.
The Fitchburg railroad dividend is 4 per cent.
Rev John B. Green, the Unitarian Clergyman
at Chelsea, was awakened, Wednesday morning,
by a burglar at his bedside, rifling his pants and
vest containing a gold watch and $25. The cler
gyman “went for him” and chased him out of
doors, but the fellow made good bis escape, after
being fired at by a policeman.
The insurance commissioner declares the Inde
pendent insurance company of Boston insolvent,
and the supreme court has put an injunction
on it.
Col B. F. Lawrence, a wealthy man of 60 years,
from Elgin, 111., became insane at tbe American
home, Boston, Friday morning, and jumped from
the third story, falling upon an iron picket and
so shattering his leg as to render amputation
necessary. His injuries were fatal.
A genuine kuklux disguise, captured in North
Carolina and sent to Gen Grant, is one of the
curiosities exhibited at the dumb animals' fair in
Boston. It is a horrible-looking affair, made of
qiack cambric with a white border and white
round spots up and down tbe front. The cover
ing for tbe head and shoulders is of the same ma
terial, and runs up into a high peak. There are
two long, white projecting horns, holes for tbe
eyes, a long, red artificial nose, and earlets also
bordered with red.
Mrs John Dix of Boston, who recently cele
brated her 100th birthday, was one of 13 chil
dren, each of whom reached the age of 75. They
were ail born in Charlestown, and on the same
location, although the house where some first
saw the light was burned in the Kivolutionary
war.
Charles Mellin, of the firm of Mellen, Ward
Co. of Boston, convicted in 1869, with others, of
fraud on the government, and sentenced to rive
years in j ail and a fine of $100,009, has been par
doned by Hie presiuent and his fine remitted.
“Warrington’s” Bazar Gazette, published for
free distribution during tbe continuance, of the
woman suffrage bazar at Boston, is chiefly de.
voted to advertising, of course, but it has lots of
good things in it, equally of coarse, considering
who its editor is. We may add that Mrs “War
rington,” who presides over the Bazar Case, has
got ap op.e of the sweetest red-line editions of a
bill of fare it has ever been our iot to see, in
which elegant extracts, cold dishes, squash pie
and ice-cream are sandwiched in between adver
tiseipents in the most artistic way. This publi
cation looks like a fairy newspaper, and com
pares with the more masculine Bazar Gazette as
Milton’s Eve with Adam,—-
For coutemplatioil he, and valor formed,
For softness she, and Wyet attractive grace.
Samnei T. Boynton, late proprietor of the
Parks house, Boston, has “stepped out,” leaving
bills to the amount of $20,000 unpaid.
Up to Monday, 117 notices of petitions to the
Legislature were filed in the secretary of state's
eftiee, one third more than in any similar period
heretofore.
By a firs, Monday evening, on Congress street.
Boston, Chase Co lozenge manufacturers, lost
540,000, and Wilder Co.’s paper stock, valued
at $45,000, was badly damaged by water, but in
sured. The building, owned by Mr Kreamer, was
damaged S6OOO.
I Our Dumb Animals’ fair at Boston, which
closed, Saturday night, netted $20,000.
Allen Co's shoddy mill in Wakefield was
burned, Monday night; it was insured for $19,000
which probably covers the Ices.
Calvin Handy, a Baptist clergyman of Straf
ford, Vt., while passing over the Dover street
bridge at Boston on Wednesday evening, was
knocked down, chloroformed and robbed of his
I silver watch aud SIOOO in bills.
The dead body of a boy about 12 years old was
found, On Wednesday, in a limekiln at South
Boston, with both legs burned off.
B v W. H. Cudwor’h in the middle of a lecture
at Esst B jstcu, the other evening, asked to be
excused while be slipped around to his church to
marry a couple, an engagement he had forgotten.
Tbe knot was quickly tied, and toe lecturer soon
ye turned and went on as if nothing had hap
medal which was cist by the Haytiens for
nvMMita ‘on to Senator Sumner, but which, un
der tbe cone titution, he was obliged to decline,
fl U aDd
in B °s Wn bnilt n P° n tha
Cushman was born, has
appropS Cushman
1 sdJooL'^
I Brighton is Hjotete over the
moral cf all the staugklw-honjes in .‘he
and the construction m dn abattoir off tn.* 1 *dosi
i Borton’, Hartford fed Erie railroad I’M
unfed $135,334 above its opw&ting expenses do-
I trig the last financial year.
Plsstne.
EcttffhfrH. Dale, mayor of B MgoC
den y ar noon on Sunday, of apoplexy. ,»r
Dlalc ♦tifs a prominent merchant, *nd bold L >8
I office of mayor from March, 1863, UH March,
1869, being again elected, last March. He was a
native of Salem. Mats.
Tho Portland Preis says it is rumored that ti e
European and North American railroad is now
owned and controlled by Pennsylvania parties,
who are connected with the Central road of that
state. In other words, tbe road on which too
i.topluof Malnn have bestowed all tbeir public
lands acd a large money subsidy, has already
fallen into the bands of that king of railroad
kings, Tom Scott.
A fire at Unity, Saturday night, destroyed four
stores, the bouse of Josiah Harmon and the office
Of A. T. Watson.
The Continental mill at Lewiston, which has a
capacity of 28,000 spindles, is to bo carried up to
62.000 as speeoily as possible, which will make it
one of tbe largest mills In tbe country.
A state temperance convention will beheld at
Augusta, January 17, to devise means to secure a
more general and impartial enforcement of the
prohibitory law.
Brigadier island, in Penobscot bay, near Bel
fast, containing 1000 acres, which was tho prop
erty of the late David Sears of Boston, has been
sold to parties in Rocklaud for $40,000.
The directors of the Boston and Maine railroad
have voted to distribute two new shares, at par,
for every five of the old stock, to be paid in five
installments.
Aew Hnmpahire.
G. H. Tilden Co., dealers in books, station
ery and newspapers, at Keene, and who by the
way have just put in a full stock of holiday goods,
are agents for The Republican in that thriving
town, and will be glad to take subscriptions to
either the daily or the weekly paper.
The people oS Hampton Falls, whose ancestors
30 years ago compelled tbe Eastern railroad to
construct its track over the Hampton marsh rath
er than permit it to come near their village, now
see tbe matter in a new light, and a change of
route is pr> jic'.ed through the villages of Sea
brook and Hampton Falls, avoiding the marsh.
The town is now ready to help pay for the change.
The novel wager between ex-Mayor Frank
Jones of Portsmouth and Major Donovan of
Lowell, by which tbe major was to wheel Jones
on a wheelbarrow from Lowell to Portsmouth in
a week, for hiss47s gold watch, has been for
feited by tbe latter, as a week’s time is more
valuable to him at present than a gold watch or
even a wheelbarrow ride.
Vermont.
At the annual meeting cf the state agricultural
society and wool-growers’ association at Burling
ton on Wednesday, these officers were elected:
Prisidrm, Henry G. Root ot Burlington; secre
tary. Henry Clark of Rutland; treasurer, N. B
Stafford of White River Junction. Resolulions
were passed protesting against any change in the
principles of the present tariff, and asserting that
the repeal of the duty on wool would result in
ruin to that branch of industry.
There is considerable stir in Windsor county
owing so the discovery of gold upon an island
in the White river, a quantity having been as
sayed and found to give the profitable yield of
SI9BO per ton. The soil is a black sand, in which
tbe yellow grains of more or less fineness can be
seen. The discoverer, an Englishman named
Saltry, leased the island for a small sum, before
making known bis good luck, and is now selling
rights to dig, the owner of the island himself pay
ing SSOO for one.
An interesting bank case has just been decided
in the Bennington county court, the First na
tional bank ot Bennington being held liable for
tne loss by burglary of $4900 in bonds deposited
by Enos Adams as collateral security for a loan.
The case had been tried before, tbe jury failing
to acree.
Oliver Elmore, the hermit of Winhall river,”
died from the effects of exposure, last week, at
the foot of Stratton mountain, where he has lived
for 30 years in a hole dug in the bill, with no com
panion save his dogs and hens. When a young
man he resided in Connecticut, and was driven to
this strange life by the death of the woman whom
be loved and was to marry. He had many
wealthy ar.d influential relatives in that state—
among them a member of Congress—who have
often tried to induce him to abandon his singular
habits, bat without avail.
Thaddeus R. Fletcher, a wealthy citizen of Bur
lington, died on Saturday at the age of 70. He
recently gave SIO,OOO each to the home for the
destitute in Burlington and the Essex classical
institute.
Franklin is considerably excited over what are
supposed to be indications of oil in a pond in that
village, some boys while skating a few nights
ago having accidentally found that an inflamma
ble gas issues from holes cut in certain parts of
the ice.
Rhode fslnnd.
Rhode Island is the only New England state
where farms are increasing in value, and this is
owing to the growth and prosperity of her man
ufacturing villages. Even there, hundreds of
acres cultivated 50 years ago are now abandoned
to the rabbit and the woodchuck.
Providence is at last to have a hotel worthy of
tbe wealth and enterprise of tbe city. It will be
six stories high, with a front of 60 feet and a
deplh of 92, thus affording opportunity for
spacious and commodious arrangements. Tbe
first floor will ba occupied by e’egaut stores, with
a depth cf 60 feet,
Canaeclicui.
Over 1600 of the 10,000 women signers to the
anti-woman suffrage memorial, presented in Con
gress, Thursday, by Senator Buckingham, are
residents of Connecticut. The senator vouched
for them, and disapproved of the coming reform
as follows: “They are not msnly women, but
women of good sense, and their judgment is en
titled to consideration. They do not say any
thing about tbe abstract right of suffrage, but
they sav that having already their fall share of
the burdens and responsibilities of life, they fear
that others more bold than they may succeed in
having imposed uoon them other burdens and
responsibilities unsuited to them. Therefore they
ask Congress to protect them from those dangers.
They say that the extension of woman suffrage
to them will be adverse to tbe interests of the
working-women; that it will introduce fruitful
elements of discord into the existing marriage
relations, and that it will be freighted with dan
ger t 5 the general good order of the country. I
sympni.ite with them. I see no possible benefit
which can arise by the extension of suffrage to
women—benefit to them or the country."
When a Bridgewater deaeon nudged a sleeping
stranger with the contribution box, the other
Sundar, that individual awoke to acknowledge
tbe attention, bns went otT again, softly protest
ing t.e didn’t smoke."
Recent tobacco sales in Windsor and East Hart
ford have brought large prices. Ooe lot of wrap
pers sold for 55 cents, another at 57, and a third
for GO. Of coarse the quality was extra nice.
More than half of the new issue of tbe stock of
tbe old Hartford fire insurance company has al
ready been subscribed, and 885 is freely offered
for rights.
Every one supposed that the Jarves gallery of
ola Italian pictures was finally settled in the Yale
school of fine arts, but it is now said that the
faculty pf Tale will unite with Mr Jarves in
giving a ciC.ar tl^e to all the pictures in the gal
lerv in case a purchaser appears before January
1, 1872. The pried asked is £:lO,COO, or half what
the gallery woald bring if sold in London.
Tbe small-pox excitement at Wesleyan univer
sity has died out and tbe students wl’O eo sud
denly departed for their homes will reifru after
the holidays. There have been only two omes at
the college, yet a student was looked upon as a
walking pestilence and many of them were ac
tually driven away by the fright of hotel and
boarding-house keepers.
The center school district of Enfield have vot
ed to lay a tax of seven and a half mills on the
dollar to pay tbeir indebtedness, this being the
first laid for a series of years.
A horrible ease of neglect occurred at Hart
ford, last week, a friendless man who had fallen
down a staircase, while intoxicated, and re
ceived dangerous injuries, being left to die in an
old building, without fire or care. He lingered
for three days so neglected that cats fed upon his
wounds, and finally died on Friday. His in
juries were not fatal, and only demanded good
CS Mr Dolbear, mate of the schooner Eva, was
washed overboard and drowned off Montauk on
Wednesday night.
The Orient fire insurance company was organ
ize! at Hartlord, Tuesday, with Charles T. Web
ster as president and George W. Lester secretary.
The machinery of the old City company Is to be
applied to the new company, tbe capital of which
is $500,000.
Regular passenger trains commenced running,
Thursday, on the new Connecticut Western
railroad from Hartford to Millerton on the Har
lem road in New York, connecting via the
Dutchess and Columbia and Poughkeepsie and
Eastern roads to Fishkill and Poughkeepsie.
It has been decided to make tho appeal for sub
scriptions to ths $500,000 “Woolsey fund” foi
Yale college to the clas-es. In the hope that class
rivalry will stimulate effort and secure more lib
ers! contributions.
AI he death of Myron 8. Webb at Windsor
trmi tl.tr discharge of a pistol which he
was carrying, took place late Tuesday night. Tbe
conclusion, arrived at from hasty impressions,
that he tommitted suicide, seems to have been
incorrect, as farther investigation goes to show
He bod built the kitchen fire as usual, and seeing
bis revolver lying lout of place, started to return
it to a drawer in bls room where it belonged.
Before reaching there he probablv tripped or
fainted and the pistol was discharged by hie fall.
Tbe fatal wound was of such a character as
would have been: almost impossible had he held
tbe pistol close to his head. Add to tins that he
had been cheerful as usual, and had no possible
motive for the act, and the more mature conclu
sion will seem to be tbe proper one.
OUR AORICVLTURA.L PROOUCIS.
The table of the census bureau, just completed,
showing the value of the farm crops, exclusive of I
farm stock, of the states and territories for the
year ending June 1, 1870, foots up $2,445,000,000,
a sum more than sufficient to pay the national
debt. It is believed that this table is more care
fully made up than ever before, and it probably
comes short of rather than exceeds the truth.
But taking tbe figures as they stand to represent
tbe true value of our agricultural products fur a
year, and we see more clearly than ever before
bow true it is that agriculture is the industry
that underlies and supports all others. New
York was tbe banner state for agricultural prod
ucts. their value in the year named being $253,-
526,153. Illinois camo next, $210,860,585; and
Wyoming stands lowest in the scale, producing
only $42,760 worth of agricultural products. The
figures for tbe New England states are as fol
lows: Maine, $33,470,044; New Hampshire, $22,-
473 547; Vermont, $34,647,027; Massachusetts,
$82,192,878; Rhode Island, $4,761,063; Connecti
cut, $26,482,150.
Tbe value of live stock in the country in 1870, I
as shown by tbe official census figures, was sl,- j
524,271,714. The whole number of horses report- i
ed was 7.141,083; of mules, 1,128,688; of milch I
cows, 8,953.748; of oxen, 1,299,283; of other cat-1
tie, 12,433,834; of sheep, 28,956,667; of swine,
24,651,084.
The wool clip of the country is a matter of so
much importance, and the sources of its supply
are changing so fast, that we give entire the cen
sus table showing tbe production for the year i
ending June 1, 1870:—
JBW BNOLAXII BTATBB.
Lbs. Lbs.
Connecticut, 254,129 Maine, 1,774,168
Massachusetts, 306,C59 Vermont, 3,192,137
New Hampshire, 1,129,442 Rhode Island, 77,328
Total, .6,643,863
MinllLX STATES.
Pennsylvania, 6,561,722 Delaware, 58,316
New Jersey, 336,609 Maryland, 435,213
New York, 10,599.225
Total, 17,991,085
NORTHWESTEKX STATES.
Illinois, 5,739,249 Michigan, (8,726.145
Indiana, 5,029,023 Minnesota, 407,185
lowa, 2.967,543 Nebraska, 74,635
Kansas, 335 005 Nevada, 27,029
Ohio, 20.639,643 Wisconsin, 4,929,647
Total, 47,929,647
BORDER STATES.
Kentucky, 2,234,450 Virginia, 877,110
Missouri, 3.649,390 West .Virginia, 1,593,641
Tennessee, 1,889,762
Total. 9,744,253
COTTON STATES.
Alabama, 379,773 Mississippi, 288.285
Arkansas, 203,275 North Carolina, 799,667
Florida, 37.562 South Carolina, 1156 314
Georgia, 846,947 Texas, 1,251,328
Louisiana, 140,118
Total, 4,094.269
TACirtC STATES.
California, 11,391,743
Oregon. 1,080,638
Total, 12,472,381
TERRITORIES.
Arizona, 679 New Mexico, fSI.OSO
Colorado. 204,925 Utah, 109,018
Dakota, 8,810 Washington. 162.713
Idaho, 3,415' Wyoming, 30,000
Montana, 100
Total Territories, 1,294,590
Total States, 100,080,088
Grand total, 101.284,678
Gen Buder has been made chairmen of the
congressional committee on the revision cf the
12^S of the United States. A delicate hint that
he must wait until the laws are properly made
and revised, before be can be trurted with his
great work of “executing” them. —[Boston Bazar
Gazette.
jloca£ notices.
Arcttcs are still plenty at the Central Shoe Store.
To eradicate pimples from the face, use the “Dol
lar Reward Soap” unsparingly.
Worth Kembmbxbikg.—At this season, when out
door exposure chills one through, the cold often lays
the foundation for very serious complaints, a dose of
Williams’s Extract Jamaica Ginger is invaluable.
Oil explosions most frequently occur from the lamp
being upset and broken. By using Pratt’s Astral OU
you avoid this as well as every other danger Incident
to unsafe oil, it being in every respect a perfectly
pure, reliable and case article.
People who have out their wise teeth, use the
Sozodont, and all who do, are willing to declare to
all who don’t use it, that it is the most perfect and
delightful thing for the teeth they ever dipped a
brash into.
'To produce that permanent elasticity of the nerve
structure, so essential to the healthy action of the
nervous tystem, tone and stimulate it with Smolan
der’a Buohu, which entirely eradicates kidney, blad
der and glandular diseases, mental and physical de
bility, diabetes, gravel, female weakness and uterine
maladies. It has the emphatic endorsement of fkmUy
physicians.
investments.
IMPORTANT TO HOLDERS OV UNITED STATES FIVE-
TWKNTIEB.
Banking Hotrra op Jay Cooke 8c Co., j
P'iiladei.phia, December, 1871.1
The now completed swecss of the New Five Per
Cent. Government Ix>an places it beyond doubt that
the entire Public Debt of the United States can be,
and soon will be, funded at 5 per cent, or a less rate.
The (me Hundred Millions of Five-Twenties of 1862,
ealleil in for payment September 1, and on which in
terest slopped December 2, are now nearly all re
deemed and cancelled.
In addition to this large amount the Secretary of
the Treasury, being unable to purchase Five-Twenties
in the open market at par, or less, in coin, has called
in for redemption Twenty Millions more, interest to
cease March 7, 1872. This fixed policy of the Treas
ury Department, and the demonstrated ability ot the
Government to promptly place a Five Per Cent.
Loan, indicate that all holders of Five-Twenties will
soon be required to surrender them for redemption,
receiving in return either coin payment or bonds oi
tho new issue bearing an average rate of 4} per cent,
interest.
In view of these facte, the present holders of United
States securities must decide whether it is not beet j
to make at once such a change o) k'™* “"'“I w
enable them to realize as profit, or adC 0 J e r
tai, tbe pre-ent average premium of 12 to»' P® l, o o
on Five-Twenties, white at the same time 1 n
I creasing tbeir annual Income.
To those who whh to take advanfageof the present
most favorable opportunity for making the exobaage
suggested, wo strongly recommend the First Mort
gage 7-30 Bonds of the Northern PaciSc Railroad,
now selling at par und aea rued interest In curroncy.
The results already accomplished in the construction
and equipment of near y Three Hundred Mlles of
i Road, and the rapid development of the adjacent
country, have established tbe permanency and raooeas
of the Northern Paelflo enterprise, and created a large
and increasing demand (or the First Mortgage Bonds
ot the Company. With their high rate of interest,
their ample security, and tbeir convertibility Into tho
Lands of the Company at 10 per cent premium, they
constitute a most desirable investment, and can
hardly fail to advance considerable above par at an
early day.
The holder of a 81000 AVe- Toenly J>Md who acw
j changes it nout for Xortlicm Pacifies, thereby in
creases has principal by 12 to 14 per cent, receiring
say 81140 an Northern Pacifies for 81008 in Hec-
Twenties. He also permanently increases the yearly
interest income on his investment more than 38 per
cent, or from 860.00 in gold to 883.22 in gold.
These meet unusual opportunities for the profitable
conversion of Government Bonds into Corporate
Securities of undoubted reliability, cannot, In the
nature of the case, long continue. Loanable capital
is increasingly abundant, both at home and abroad;
Government and corporate disbursements for interest
and dividends m the next ninety days will disengage
some Two Hundred Millions of capital, most of which
will at once seek reinvestment; really desirable invest
ment securities are scarce compared with the present
aud probable demand for theta, hence an early »d
---vance in tbeir value is morally certain. The 7-30
Bonds of the Northern Pacific Railroad are being
rapidly absorbed by the people, and the Company
expect soon to be enabled to substitute a six per cent
security for tbe residue of tbeir construction loan.
These facts promire, very soon, to change tbe en
tire aspect of the loan market, which is just now so
peculiarly favorable to investors, and suggest prompt
action on the part of those who wish to exchange
securities in time to profit by the present premium
on Five-Twenties and the present low price of
Northern Pacifies.
JAY COOKE A CO.
Philadelphia, New York and Washingtos.
Financial Agents Northern Pacific Railroad Com
pany.
ROHN.
In this city, 16tli, a son (Henry N.) to Henry
TVuight.
In this city, 16th, a son to Henry L. Searle.
in this city, 18th, a son (Samuel Emery) to Edmund
Bailey and grandson to E. C. Bailey of Chicago,
formerly ot this city.
In this city, 18th, a daughter to Homer E. King.
At Chicopee Falls, 13th. a son to George W. New
ell.
At Greenfield, 15tb, a daughter to Gilbert Mat-
NARD.
At Shelburne Falls, 15th, a daughter to Lyman N.
Richmond.
1 n Thompsonville, Ct„ 29th ult„ a daughter to Wil
liam Leonard 13th, a daughter to Joseph Dauby.
At Enfield, Ct., Ist, a son to George M. Dayton.
At Lee, 16th, u daughter to James Reardon.
At Belchertown, 13th. a son to E. G. Baldwin.
At Monson, 16th, a daughter (Agnes May) to W. F.
Sanderson, formerly of South Hadley, and grand
daughter to Henry Adams ot this city.
At Brattleboro, Vt., 6th, a son to C. F. Schuster.
At Northampton, 12th, a son to Charles Damon
13th, a daughter to William Buewstbb,
At Easthamptou, 7th, a daughter to L. Monroe
Prestos.
At Stafford Springs, Ct 14th, twin eons to Oscar
G. Owen.
At Bernardston, ]3th, a daughter to Henry C.
Cushman.
At Lee, Bth, a son to W. H Blaxvelt.
At Westfield, 11th, a daughter to Joseph King, 2d.
At Amherst, 18tli, a daughter to Horace Cook.
At North Hanley, 15th, a son to Mviion Smith.
At Longmeadow, 18tb, a daughter to Patrick
Ward.
At Northampton, 16tb, a son to F. A Stockwell;
a daughter to Geobge 11. Daniels.
Sarhskw.
In this city. 20th, at tbe residence ot the bride’s
fattier, by Elder W, N. Pile, Marcus Goodell and
Emma E. Duckee.
AI Chicopee, 19tb, by Rev E. B. Palmer, Edward
R. Stickney of this city and Ida L„ daughter of
William G. Porter.
At Thompsonyiile, Ct., 14th, by Rev Mr Jestup,
Frederick Sloan and abby M. Lacky.
At Northampton, 14th, Geobge H. Brown aud
Belen A. Field.
At Cleveland, 0.,14tb. by the father of the bride, as
sisted by Rev Dr J. Lloyd Breck, A. Lawrenob Hop
kins, son of President Hopkins of Williams college,
and annah P., only daughter of Rev Dr Charles
Breck.
At South Hadley Falls. 14th, by Bev G. L. lusher,
William T. Smith aud Lydia B. Frost, both of
South Hadley.
At Lee, 13th. Robert it. Harder of Pittsfield and
Mary A. Couch.
At Sontb Royafcton, 7tb, Zenas W. Tolman of
Athol and Rozella Foster.
At Pittsfield, 3d, John T. Van Deuben of Hudson,
N. Y„ aud Bella Smith.
At Westfield, 13111, Joseph A. Tiskuam and Han
kah Clerey.
At Deep River, Ct., I3th, William H. Hall and
Hattie D. Cornwell of Middletown.
At Brattleboro, Vt„ 7th, Lyman J. Huntley and
Idella Vary Crosier.
At North Woodstock, Vt., 7th, Leander H. Stow
and Habtubt F. Perrin, both of oodstock
At West Halifax, Vt, Willard C. Davis of Wln-
Che-ter, N. 11-, and Jlrs Caroline Clark.
At Keene, N. H„ 4th, Lorenzo W. Gloss of U in
chester, N. 11,, and Anna R. Spaulding of Ilins
<l! At South Hadley, 14th, by Kev J. H. Bliss, Hor
ace Putnam of this city and Mrs Lucy W. Cham
-1 At Orange. 14lh, George U Jennings of Lyndon,
ill., and Julia E, Whipple of New Salem.
At Haydenville, 15th, by Rev J. P. Kimball, Rob
ert Roeseb and Annie Wierth.
UI KU.
In this city, Sally, widow of Lyman Shaw of
M ln S t'Ss city, 15th, Ellen, 9, daughter of Patrick
K ln £his city, 15th, Sadie E., infant daughter of C.
A jn ttes'eity. 19th, Jessie Hawthorne, 1, daugh
ter of Edward H. Phelps.
At Minneapolis, Minn., 4th, John A. Merrimak,
3 'At West Springfield, 18th, Henry OstbaNdbb, 85,
a soldier of tne war or 1812. vuinh
At Chicopee, 13th, DEBOHAn, 79, widow of Elijah
M At°JaeksonvUle, Vt., lltb, Mrs Sylva Eastman,
At Chicopee, 16th, Abthcb Friel. 48.
At Wilbraham, 16th, Dwight A Brewer, 44.
At Albany,N. Y-, 16th. Mrs Suah J. Lamb,
A. 43, widow of Joel
H At g Westfield, 10th, Lizzie L., 26, wife of 0. C.
Towle.
At Rockville, Ct„ Bth, Joint Bbadlbt, 66.
At Hartford, 13th, Cakolisb E., daughter of the
la AAvoodVt°ck^ nth, Lottie A., 21, daughter
of J F Perry.
At South Adams, llth, Richard Gardner, 40.
At Westfield, 12tli, Rosanna Daily, 75.
At Longmeadow, 18th, Louisa Cooley', 51.
At Northampton, 15th, James H. CoLBOH, 58.
At Sunderland, 14th, Airs Amos Maesh, 87.
At the Hartford Retreat for the Insane. 6th,
Esther F 49, wife of Virgil H. Griswold of hast
Granby, Ct. _ __
At Huntington, 19th, Israel M. Gibbs, 60
At Ware. 12th. Capt Allender Breckenridge^.
At Amherst, 16th, Sophia, 50, wife of Charles O.
Sears. _ o
At Ware. 17th nit., Phineas Conteese, 78.
At Greenfield, 13tb, Mkhitabib Smbad,
At Duer field, 9th, Elles W., 88. wife of 8 ranch W.
At Northampton, 15th, Ira Beamam, 74, of Sun
<1 At Niw Haven, Ct.. 16th, Mabt 8., 69, wife o
Lieut Gov Morris Tyler.
At Boston Highland,, 19th, Enoch K. Cobb, a
member of the Roxbury horse guard.
At Middlebury, Vt., 17th, Jous H. SIMMOM. as
•distant assessor of Internal revenue. r
At Farmingdale, Me llth, Deacon John Larka
bbb. a prominent ship builder of Bath.
At Kendall’s Mills, 16tb, J. H, Giibbeth.