BEATE V7. oh” i Fi i de PRES
TRE RE vai "NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDA
mpertance all the same. The great sign of good hope.
"shen, is that many, I should say majority, of these
resolutions were favorable, at least in principle, to the
~pompulsery primary instruction, admitting by inforence
when hot directly asking ite gratuity as well. It is not
‘worth while to exaggerate the urgency. Observe that
‘not all the Councils expreascd so much as mild approval,
or went 80 far even as to recognize the principle. Be
tween admission of a principle and frank acceptance. let
alone zealous advocacy of ite practical application, there
fe a wide interval, on the further side of which too many
of the voting councilors are glad to simidly wait. Per
contra, sowe of them, the majority of our Sejne depart
ment councilors, for too rare example, are in working
earnest. Over their Budget, however, to a main extent,
they have control. The Prefect, on presenting if, admits
that the appropriation for common scheo’s should be
raised from $100,000 to a little more than $200,000.


i

A parenthetical paragraph, if only for the benefit of
the Dix and Fetridge Ame rican Republican landators
and lamenters of the iil-passed time of the late Emperor
and his Parisian Vice, Baron Hansmann, 1s fit in place
here. The primary edn ation fund cones of a special
tax technically known as the “Three Centres.” Of thia
ax $100,000 were nominally set apart for common schools,
But during the late rei, Hausmani, uncontrolled mis
manager of all ¢ity funds, abstracted a part of thir sum
to fill little chinks of need and waste in his embeliish
ment ontlava, And so, while Tmperial Paris was ever
growing ond tn endliess hard Lined new boulevards, keptin
a state of anti-r publican cleanliness, to the boundless
admiration of all Fetridees, 61.000 Paris elnldren wore
kept out of nurrow, crowded, nasty school houses, grow
ing up tobe Communards, and the intellizent shrieking
horror of the Pet Lire class,
Prefect Leon Ray, having proposed that alittle over
$200,000 of the procecds of the “three Centimes™ shoud
be turned now to their proper use, a Conneillor proposed
that sll the revenne from that source should Le turned
Jute the froe-sel ol chanel, The Prefect accepted the
amendment, which was voted unanimously. bina later
session the tiple question of obligatory, gratiions,
Lae primary instruction, came up for disenssfon, repo
nz on, ard vortag, For obligatory instracton there was
w unanimons Miineative vote; for absolule gratuity, 49
Yeas and 27 Naysi for eseusicely baie teaching, 41 Nuys
to 7 Yeas, Tue sparit of the wovenaont iS watching on,
Tue soul of Fravee is not dead. Vv. iL WH
Yeas and 27 Nays; for ese’usieety fae Teaco dl Nay
to 7 Yeas, Tue sprit of the woven UU ds watchs on
Tue soul of Fravee is not dead. Vo. il MH.
e——————
PROGRLISS OF REFORMS IN RUST,
AGITATION TO ABOLISH THE ¥XDMPTION oF THN
NOBILITY FROM DIRECT TAXATION =CONTI
TION OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION,
(FROM A SPECIAL CORLESPONDENT OF THE TRIBE NE]
KT. PETERSBUKG, Nov. 10,—=iuce the oboli
tion of corporal punishment, the emancipation of the
serfs, and the “ompul-ory military service, there remains
but one privilege to the Rossian noo dlity, that
of exemption from direct taxation. An au
tation for the abolition of this lust disiiue
tion, and for rendering all wen equal before
the law, 1a now putting all think nz Russia into ¢oonine
tion. Tt will seareely be believed that, ina country
where the peasantry are so very poor as in Rus to, they
pay almost the whole of the taxes. They wore Jeft, orn
fact placed in this situation by the cinane. pation, and
nothing has been done since then to relieve thew, Were
they more educated or more excitable they would rise
in rebellion: as it is they endure witha passive atoloisun
Now, what with new taxes for the support of the
provincial institutions and with other burdens, tie
situation has become sa derperate that some
remedy must be found, Every party or coterie comes
forward with its own panacea, Some aavee te nothing
tat anincome tax, to others a land tax seems the ony
cure: some wich to Keep ddl the burden on the peasant,
only ina diferent forin: others propese that the nobiley
and meretans, the classes in whose Lands is concen
trated all the wealth of the Empire, except the mere
and owned by the peasantry, shall pay their share, The
polility of Moscow, ever in advance of the pest, have
prepesed to sive vp their rghit to xemption from taxa
tion, and propose to pay their proportion. Oue Conus
son Las long had un ler consideration the chance in the
tax syste, another Las just been appoeaited to discuss
the abolition of the poll tax, Toe provincial Avsepmihiies,
the noosspapers and Journais—-all are ocenpicd with pro
Jeet: and disenssions, Tt is ou'y to be feared that pais
cyposition may pat off tiie day of efor,
As I said just now, the peasantry have chsolntely uo
property bat their land (which is bot yet Wo paid for),
ther hots, their cattle, and their rear valine of Lois
1 oid goods, Hoards of money saved are rae. Yet, out
of the &@,200 000 in direet taxes received an Bossi oot
fncindinge the payments and interest on Lands), 372,050,000
are paid by the peasants alone, and of the readuder
they pay a pert. Then tink of the indirect taxes: the
yeveaue from the evel eon spits anor iis to $8000.09
Yearly, ad nearly every hopeck of that cones from the
pock ts of the peasants, The direct taxes ou each wale
average from $2 04 to 8&4 76, and, if we include the quit
rents still in arrear, it will make a sun ol from $20 40 to
&0 80 tor a family where these are three adull wale-—
the usual proportion in Bus da. That may sec a stdl
sun. but it will Be at least one-half or two-thirds of tie
income of a peasant family, arising froin agriculture
sinply. The consequence is that in very many prov.
fruces there is always a deticit, ax the fannly cannot
live amd #1] pay taxes These have to Le
raised by extra work of gone kind, dither in
manufactures, potty trade, or Labor which is not azericuk
tural, Men go oft on boats, or tramp off to districts where
Jaboor is scaree during the Summer, leaving the women
at Lowe to till the fields, for the only purpose of finding
money to pay ther taxes, Sometimes this method fails
then, the harvests are bad, or they cun tind no work—
and they are nnable to paygthe tax. Some of thelr cattle
are seized and gold by the tax-gatherer, and the next
year they ave still less prosperous, There are some dis
tricte where the taxes are alwavs in arrears. On the
other hand there are nobles with incomes of from &0,000
to $000,000 year, Who pay nothing, except the local rate
for the proviceial institutions and before the lust few
years they did noteven pay that. And there are mer
chants with as large or with larger incomes in the great
towns, who pay perhaps £250 afyear asa guild tax, and
that is all. It is easy to'pereeive that a evetem like this,
which takes all the taxes from thoere least able to pay them
the very reverse of what exists in England and America
w= i# Fuineus to the economical interests of the country.
1¢ isonly bere that people seen to be unaware of the truth
trat the more prosperons the lower classes become, the
greater the reveoue of the country will be,
It isnot only the amount of taxes, but the way they are
paid, which is oppressive. With the communal system
of land tenure there is united a collective guaranty of all
the members of the commune for each individual, The
taxes are levied on the communes which assess the taxes
on the imdividual members. In this way the active and
tndustrious are punished for the lazy and drunken, for
the taxes must be had, somehow or other. This col
lective guaranty was fouud by the Goverument i useful
and convenient thing in the collection of taxes, and of
recruits for the army, and it has been fanctioned and
aintained in force, Tozether with the movement for a
reform tn taxation is one for an abolition of the colle t
Ive guaranty ut it does not make much headway,
though the Provinoad Diet of St. Petershurg reported in
favor of tat the last session. Everything seems to
turn in a vicious circle. The tax system cannot be re
formed, cries one party, tll the collective guaranty is
ubolished; this gitaranty cannot be disposed of
uptil the toxation Is reformed, says another,
and go it goes. Moanwhile the passport system, so
vexatious and oppressive, must stay iu force til both ave
reformed, and workmen in Moscow aud St. Petershnrg
have to zo or #end to some distant part of the Lunire
every year to renew their passports, hut thor request
will not be acceded to before thelr share of the taxes is
paid, a share that is greatly increased when the peier
are 80 far off: beside they are subjected to extortions
sud exactions on the part of the officials through whose
hands the passports go. Every reform now seems to he
treated by very, very many, in a mere financial light
how it will affect the revenue, In spite of the goad in
tentions of the Emperor, and the noble enthusiasm of the
rising generation, bureaucracy sends far and wide jt
evil, crushing futtuence. The idea cannot be eradicated
from oficial winds, that the Government was created for
thelr amusement and occupation, aud that the people
ure solely to pay the taxes and Jet thew ‘run the wa
chine.”
And what do the peasantry get for all their toil and
Boney V Look at the roads aud bridges, they are iinprov
ng, itis tro, at ge y are #till very baud. The peasantry
need and Lie suxious fo education, yet when $95,000,000
8 year are oat on the urmy, ouly $7,000,000 are set
apart fon pubic dustmetion—ghout the same us for the
€Xperres of he lwperisd Court—of whieh less than
She YOaF tb Gbaed Er 0 the Ti®ueury at the cud of
the cglilion now goin SBh60eua ry, Let us hove that
liken two ATR and the iuterest taken in
eniizhitencd clisses iu a fund education=by ui the
tive of saluiuy results Xi} wooy Lio produc.
Ewperor 1s a constitutional Puan, Wire the
of the counts suvercidn, the Wiches
1 y arc consulted, und tue country
accordingly in a state of prosperity
y. A decree has
Just been issued convoking the Diet of Finland at
Helsingfors on the 1st of February, 1872. Riuce 1809
when the union with Russia was affirmed, there has bern
DUIY UBC BCE8IOn 004 1BE Dieleil 1563. wher. tr oo 13 x
oa oveat slam of 2004 hope,
for the first time by Russian Emperor. IU seems that
there is no fixed time for ita scssions, and the Emperor,
as Gragd Duke of Finland, has the right of convoking it
or not, as suits his pleasure. He is probably the only
constitutional sovereign in the world who can legally
dispense with theladvice of the representatives of the
people. The coming session has caused much excitement
and interest in Finland, and the whole country is
occupied with canvassing and preparing forthe elections.
Te Meiers in eotruption, hy ho s
dh n t died oll They were
The Russian newspapers are reprinting with pleasure
the programmes for the reception of the Grand Duke
Alexia, whose detour by Madeira makes him ro long on
the wav. At the same time they are discussing tho
Catacazy afiair. The Journal de St. Petersboury nud the
tiolos, lave both published articles, which are believed
to cote from the Foreign ottice, apparently to quiet any
ebnllition of public opinion, and to explain why the Rus
sian Government was unable to act at once on the re
quest ef {ie United states for the recall of Mr. Cataciazy.
There need he no fear of public opinion here on this sub
Jeet, for Mr, Catacazy is well known here, and nearly every
one is pleased at hie misadventure. Even the articles in
the newspapers seem to fmply this, though they contain
little hints on the way of asking for a Minusted's recall,
as if it might have been better done $9 this case. At the
came time they give Goy. Curtin high pralse for the
Waker 1 which he conducted the negotiations here, If
Mr, Catacazy comes back here be will have a bard time
of it, for hie has not now the support which he Lad when
Le wus annotated.
Shea AY 4 BRD WY BEAL IR BRT APRRRARIL RNR LAR BR mE 2 eless
Mr, Catacazy comes back here he will inve a bard time
of it, for hie has tot now the support which he Lad when
he wus appotated,
J
THY INSURRECTION IN CUBA.
MASSACRE OF AN OVERSEER AND SEVERAL NE
GIHOLS BY THE SPANIARDS—A RE (UEST TO
DOMINICANS TO LEAVE THE (ODNTRY
VULRTO PRINCIPE AGAIN THREATENED DY
TIE CURANS,
[FROM THE REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE]
ilavana, Nov. 18.—[t is evident that misfor
tune follows the steps of the Captam-General an every
hing that he undertakes. The proof of this, without
wentioning the inefliciont trocha, we have now in Guan
tanamo. He thought of swrounding the patriots with
bayonets, and, with this object in view, he sent to Guan:
tanamo all the forces he could afford. The patriots in
the mean time, determined to always baffle his plans,
and went to Baracoa, leaving the Count to his disappoint.
went, Thus, the Captain General has to move lis troops
from Guantanamo. This new plan exerts a great moral
Cafluence over the soldiers, Lud even over those who are
not in the army. The failure of the combinations of
(Ler chief eatses a very bitter fecling winone thom, and
taany men not accnstoined to the hardsiopa of war
Laving been crafted into the army, the hospitals are
filed with new patients, Tseens that the jurisdiction
bof TTolenin has become one of the military centers of
tue Repableans, The renowned eliefs, Movtexto raz
{and Vicente Garcia, have, 1 thunk, placed their cap
there, thongh the latter, as is sce taned, has evaded
[the Jurisdictions of Caba aud Jocuani, accoipani d by
Col. Pay ai, Who has beeoine conspioilous fn the vanks of

the pattie,
The Calan sympathizers In this city sneak of a decd
commiticd by the Spawards which 07 every lottanue
Leart with indigration, ‘The Lioutepant-Goserioer of
Holzain, Sciior Huerta, met, ona raid which be mide,
the overs er of a valaable plantation of the district con
Ling to the city with a patie of negroes, Tie plantation
Pad teen destroyed by the Republicans, and the cumds
thot were mn it made prisoners of war, The Repubhenns
also took away wany slaves and plenty of clothes, They
left the overseer behind with seme of the negioes, in
order that be wight accotpany the negroes atid pest nt
thedr ill-treatment by the Spaniards, The overseer gave
{the Governor nidnnte detniis of the capture of the
plantation, The Governor, after hearing iui patiently,
remarked tht if the pattiots had not known that he (the
overseer) did not sympathise with them, ther would
Lave killed bits thi 01 he and the negroos were Spates
they eught to have proved their nationality by tivhing the
Cubans, and so the Geverner intended to paunish then
very severely, He causcd the party to be attacked by
Lis soldiers, and killed the nnfertunate overseer and fen
or teelve necroes, Some of the nesrocs fled to the
woods, pat of them suffering from wounds. Hie is the
condition of the country people in tas dsonts of they
creape from the Cubans, they cannot avoud the virdict
ive sword of the Spaniards.
In Camalote, Lajas, Gracia, and Santo Angenstin, the
Spanish troops have had enconnters wiih the a bvaneing
prrtics of the Republicans, In ro Aci the Spaviards
1eport the capture of Antonio Olive, who came in the
Upon expedition, In Provinea, Herradora, Brenosa,
aed Ro Buaco, encazemoent= have ocearrod without any
decisive resus, North-east of Holguin, between Ta
Cojo and Geronimo, 24 ales from the clef town, a Spans
ishoiorce, eomnanded by Gov, Huerta in person, was at
tucked by the Calans under Jo=¢ Pavan, and driven
from the place. The patriots haras<od the Spaniards in
thelr retreat until new forces came to thelr assistanee,
when they made a stand, Taey were, however, azn
cotnpelled to retreat, At last pisut came, and they
Wide good thelr escape, The oases an the Spanish side
were 10 dead, To this deferit is attributed the asrissiine
tion of the negroes above-mention od,
The Captain-General, fearing tae afiaence that Mo
desto Diaz and Vieeute Garcia may exert over the
Dominicans residing in this island, has oflored the Lutter
free transportation to their native Lind, This broad
hint to the Dominicans is prowptedtgby the dread in
which the two eldefs are held in Oriente, but
expecially in Holguin, The volunteers judge of men by
their certificates of baptism, and to-day even certifi
cates dssaed in Spain are wistrasted, Inthe woods
of Rita Santa, horaering Bay amo and Jiguani, the Span
i~h battalion Auicguera attacked the Repablicans, and
after a brisk engagement the Spaniards retired, leaving
five dead and carrying with them seven wo mded, The
Cuban losses were two dead and four wonnded, In the
marshes of Tapecalito, the spanist ha tdion Union
feated a party of Repubiicans, Killing one man. The
Spaniards tried to start a corvoy from Veuita to Sal,
When this became known tothe Cabans, thoy resolved
to prevent it; so they =ent some tarees to the bret pace
and attacked the battalion Colon, compeiane their one
mics to give up their attempt, though the Sooaneh chief
ordered the same battalion to co to thor plwee of
destination, Tuis plan completely fled, and the Re
publican wee enabled to attacke tne Spandards mn
Guazamaho, 1genito, Rodon, and Jamagaal. Tue Cu
bans were =o confident of suceess that they even ot
tacked their enemies in the plains of Hojo Menuda to
erent the Spaniards irom cross.ug the river or brook
Maria Alonso.
In the jurisdiction of Manzanillo the patriots attacked,
in the woods Gloria, a Spanish force of voinateers, wl
ing three and wounding gve men. The military cone
mander, in order to avenge this act aud please the vol
unteers, ordered veteran forces to sellyv ont, These ens
countered the Republicans in Corealito, District of Vi
cana, by whom they were also deteated. In Danibe,
Soma del Monte, Paso Lajas, and Paral, District of
Jigoaud, pmberless skirmishes havo cecarred. Tn Caimi.
guey, there has been only one encagement worth goers
tioning. The Spanish batalion Reina attacked the Bepah
Jicans in the woods of Santo Mateo, uirder Tonecio Arias
wonte. The former had seven dead and three wounded,
and the Cubans ‘two dead and rx wounded,
Tue Spanish papers have pablished some details about
the affair on the plantation Horgieta, where the Sjumish
volunteers of Camaguey were been ba lly whipped by
Agramonte, Tue Spaniards, neverth less assert that,
in the encounter, the patriots lost an offeer called
Mouteros, Capt. Palonuno, aud Lica, Vitico Montaloo of
this city. The truth is that the volunteers, after hey
put to flight, shut themselves up in the batlding of the
Horgueta, Ignacio Agramonte 1s again threatens 2
Peurto Principe, where the prices of the necessaries of
Hie are rapldly inereasing, Even eat, that once was
very cheap, is at a high peice. The butchers and specu
Jators dare not sally out to gather cattle for tear of boing
shiot by the patriots, The Capraini-General, if secs, iL
tends to kend to Camaguey 0,00 of the troops coting
from Spain,
In Baez, Jurisdiction of Cienfuegos, in a pine: known
as Montes Azules, an encounter foo place without gt
beng known who came out victorious, In Ojo Agua the
Civ Guard excranged shots with a Republican toree. In
the boundaries of Remedios atid <azna Grande, the ra hit
from Mgtanzas stationed at Verdaso pups] wpaity of
patriots, and Kiled one and wounded another, In Ree
Cedios, where some days since no patriots were to he
torn! they now frequently appear. For three sicees
sive days the Spaniards ond Cabans have exchanged
sole an ~anta Fe, where the latter are encamped, dts
pomoted that the news of the death of Beves Ferrer
there is not confirmed, Encagements have also tonen
poace in Prindingo and Coa baadoleros, witout uuy de
Cisive Tes=uit.

LURIAL OF LIEUT. GOV, DUNN.
An immense throng attended the fancral of
Licut. Gov. Oscar J. Dunn at New Orleans, on the 23d
ult, The services were held at the residence of thie de
ceased, where thie remains were lad out in state, the
chianber of death being draped in wourning and tastes
fully strewn with flowers. Among those who gathered
to look upon the decessed tor the lust thine were Gov,
Warmoth and all the State oticinls, several Judges of the
ast viet Courts, Judee Duredl of the UL 8 Distifet Court,
Collector Casey, Postmaster Lowell, Gen, Longstreet,
Burveyor of the Port; Marshal Packard, Gen. Campbell
of the Louirinna Militia, and hs stad io full unitora
the officers of the Board of Heaith, Mayor Flanders, and
other city officials, and many wembers of the
Legislature, On either side of the bler were
stationed wewmbers of the Order of Colored
Masous In full regadia, After the reading of
the funeral sorvice of the Methodist Fincornl uarel,
Mi. Lynch (eoloyed), Secretary of State of Mississippi,
raid: There now hes before us the remains of the first
corcred man who exer eld an exceutive office a this
country. The occasion i= in uo sense an ordinary one,
and ours is no cold tribute of respect. It is the gtrugyie
of the heart to express the agony of the public mind.
Here lies powerless in death the great representative of
our race, Itsecius as if we were ina battle-fleld—our
ronks broken, and our flags traaling an the dust. Adver
sity Is upon us; but our trust is in tGod—the same God in
whom he trusted, and who has raised im hivher and
Iugher unto Himself, As the news spreads over the na
tion, every colored man's heart will bleed, The afftiction
18 the patjon’s, and the nation will mourn, In Lieat.
Gov. Dunn it bas been shown that the colored man,
crushed to the uth Ly a tyrannie power, could, when
his shackles were broken, rise to diguity, usefuliess, and
the loftiest patriotiens."
Clalmed, therefore, that Licut.-Gov, Doan was wholly
unwarranted in assuming the
To this was added the threat that he would
recall certain official acts done, and that the
secretary of State «hounld be instructed no longer
to recognize lus (Gov, Dunn's) acts as official.
To thi Gov. Dunn replied with considerable digmry, to
the effect that he felt himiselt quite as able aus Gov,
Warmoth to interpret the Constitution, and should hold
Litnself responsible to it alone.
THE TROUBLE WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE.
In this controversy, as might have been foreseen, the
Hon. Mr. Bovee, Secretary of State, was drawn in, Mr.
Boy ee had early identiticd himself with the opposition, He
moreover owns and controls ad ountry jouinal,one of those
of which 1 liye spoken us feeding from the public pap.
In this journal, he bad espressed himself in strong
terms, against the Governor, and declared his intentlon
to oppor Lis notination by all means in bis power, As
Secretary of State, too, despite the urgent demands and
protestations of Gov. Warmoth, to the contrary, he had
recognized the acts of Lieut. Gov. Dunn as official, und
promulgated them as such, The Governor, who has
something of u temper of his own and 14 somewhat bel
ligerent withal, determined on n shot between wind and
water, aud buled his time, He soon found the oppor
tunity he ronght, This wus in the promulgation, by Sece
retary of State Bovee,of what was known ud the Waters
Works bill." Aw this has been made the foundation for
one of the boldest ussumptions of exccutive power, per
The proccrsivn was oue of the largest ever seen in
New-Orleanus, and was cowposed of the full Metapupian
Police Foree, the wihiia companies, the Masonic lodges,
and several politcal clube, together with almost the cn
tire colured povulativun,
haps, ever placed upon record, snd is likely yet to cause
the most serious complications, it is best that it be prop
rly understood, in ite actual bearings.
“*Ou the beels of thescssiop two bills of cousiderable
POLITIOS IN LOUISIANA.

WARMOTH AND ANTI.WARMOTH.
THE LEGISLATURE, THE LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR,
SAYRE
NEw-ORLEANS, Nov. 15.—While there was a
strong opposition before, it was not wut] the advent of
the last Lex:slature that Gov, Warmoth seemed to have
much of a serious fight on hand, With the assemblage
of the hopeful representatives I have described, the con
test began in good earnest, Inthe opening days ot the
acssfon the Governor had it all Lis own way. In the
House, Mr. Mortimore Carr, a zealons partisan of tho
Governor's, and said by those of the opposition to repre
sent him for a constituency alone, was chosen Speaker,
In the same body, all the various Connpittecs were put
up solidly in the sane interest, At the same time, in the
Eenate, the President, in regard to appointment of Come
wittees, was somewhat rudely deprived of all the usnal
prerogatives, and Committees appointed by the body at
large, in sold opposition to the President, and in the in
terest of the Governor,
Licutenant-Gov. Dunn, in the starting ont of the scs
cion, therefore, found himself for the time being alinost
completely overslanghed in his own Hous, The Gov
ernor, however, was destined to have smooth sailing
but fora Httle time. To use Lis own expression, The
boys were hungry,” and they proposed to feed themselves
after theirown manner. As this developed itself it was
nothing more nor less than an organized syste of rob
bery under the name of legislation. Four or five cone
binatious were soon formed, cach having a recognized
leader and treasurer, By this arrangement legislation
wis at once simplitled toa mere business transaction,
and ground through in proper form at so much per cent
age. Rightfully or wrongful y, tue Governor wis accused
of puting up a combination of his own, through which
to hold, under ail circumstances, at least a negative
power over each and every important bill,
THE TROULELY WITH CARTEN,
A gigantic swindling scheme, under the name of a
levee company, cine before the House, It Lad passed
upon the heels of the previous session, and suflered a
pocket veto during vacation, Its stock, to the mount
of hundreds of thousands of doliars, had found its way
into the members’ pockets is said that andes the
pressure brought to bear on bin, at instance of mem
bers, the Governor wos pledged to an approval, De this
as it may, at the eleventh hour, contrary to general ex
pectation, the bill was sent in with a veto, The excites
went wes intense, Prominent on tue oor of the House,
as by far the ablest tactician aud readio st debater of the
whole, was Mi, Geo, W, Carter, Naturally ambitious, he
Wis not slow fo dmprove the opportanidy presenicd as a
hance to foree hituself to the front, Tong the instia
tive, be succeeded mn fareing the bill over the veto,
in ro deg the House was brought jute
conflict with the Spear, who was acensed of
iuling  srbitrarily in Letadt of the Gevernor,
The bill was ru-hed en the spur of the moment 1o tee
Sepate. Here, as a counicruovement, another levee ili
had been antrodveed, in whieh the Governor was aeetised
of being the principal party interested, However this
way have been, the lb wideh had passed over the veto,
in the House, was defeated mothe Senate—withont dont
at the instance of the Governor, The effect on the cormo
rants of the House, thus de-paced of thelr prey, was
1g st exasperaiine, On the instant, all the viet of their
concentiatod wrath were turned upon the Spoiler, as
the chosen representative of the Governor, This ex
citement was fant toa fever heat by the few ambi
tions aspirants and paitisan enemics seeking Lis over
theow, Under ther cad, en the spur of the icoiaent, a
combination was foitned to depose the Speaker,
P
The seats of a score or wore of the aemoers wen
in oconutat, Their possessars were co nothnously in
fraadulent possession, that even a Loui-ianui sonse of
fustice demanded a hearing in the promises. Several of
these were Democrats, A proposition was made to the
leaders of the Democracy to seat then ina body, ino x
change for their wted support in depo-ing the Speaker
and reorganizing the House, Tuas wos oifooted a coali
tio, before whieh Mr. Speaker Carr was forced toi sign
his position, In his stead was elevated the present
Speaker, Mr Carter, who speedy veorainized the
Houose to suit himself, and tn open opbosition to the
Governor. Soo ocawme to the front, in the person
of Mr. George W. Carter, by far the wost dungeons op
ponent the Governor as yet had Known, Tous, too, by
taking advantage of an outburst of viricons tizeation
among a gang of thieves, at being roboed of thelr ping.
der, was laid the foundation of wit mag be called the
fir-t systcipaiic ol Zates tion tn opposition to ilie power
of Gov, Warmoti,
The fact foon devoiened it-elf that Mr. Carter, and not
Gov, Warmoth, was the nustersspirit of the Legislature,
In the Senate, the Govercor stil conirived to hold a nee
ative power, Inthe House, however, Carter held the
reins in hand, and monaged os somes hint unmuly steers
With consummate tact ond skill, A compromize wus
socght, Ta a fine dinner, given a’ the st Charles, by
Gov, Warmoth, and apecialiy dedicated, as it would ap
pear, to Epeaker Carter and his friends, an attempt to
bury the hatebet was made, For a tune the resalts of
the “Carter-Warnoth diner,” as it was called, were ap
parent ina feemiog compromise. Tt was, however, of
short daration. Carter, whose forte os evidently in a
ficht, apparent!yv came to the coneiusiongthat more wis
to Le made through war than by peace upon the enemy's
tertns, A ale events the fond was soon reopened, and
Carter became identified, beyond recall, with the so
coed “Custom House King”
The ROUBLE WITH LIRUT -GoV, DUNN,
Among the other blessings conferred unon Loaistani
ans in dade years is one inthe shape of at Pullie Print
ing BIL By tall egal printing of every kid is to be
done dn certain papers designated by the Board of
I'rinting (Qimissioners.” This Board consists of the
Governor, Lentenant-Governor, and Speaker of the
Honse. The Licatenant-Governor and Speaker, when
United, control the matter of the public printing, With
the swdvent of Me, Carter as Speaker, and his cooperation
with Liout.-Gov. Dunn, the public printing was virti
ally taken away from the Governor's ntrol, So fur as
The New-Opleans Republican was coneerved, having a
special contriet, at conld not be affected by the new
statis of aff cies, save itcenld be drawninto a fuer pas
of Hs own, With the country parishes, howe
ever, aml their respective ergs that liad
no special continet, the euse was different,
Here new organs were created, owned and controlled by
ethers of tie Legislature, and fostered and fed with a
Nbera! hand, Toose who were thas tendered the tat of
the pie crib, were naturally enough selected more with
a view totheiries=hitive pow rand flacnee than itness
for the place, Gotta then in the ring, llowever, was a
master stroke of policy. It accomplished at once the
double purpose of bipuiug the leading members of the
Legislature with golden cords ina compact apposition to
the Governor, and of controlling the press of the State as
well, The country papers being in proper training, we
Lad a so-called “State Republican Press Convention.”
The skillful manipulation of this resulted ina vote of
what may be termed a want of confidence in the Gov
ernor. This was tnrning the Governor's own guns ziinst
Lis breast with a vengeance, Perhaps no little of the sue
cess of these manipulations, however, was due to accident.
Owing to a serious accident to his foot, that for nn time
endangered Life as well as Hb, the Governor was forced
tor much of the Summer to absent himself from the
Gate. His absence, naturally enough, was taken ad
vantage of to the fullest extent possible, Licut.-Gov,
Dunn, assuming the reins of State, of course did his
Lest to strengthen bis adherents, and weaken as much as
he was able, those of the absent Governor, A personal
witereation arose, resulting in some sharp correepond
ence between the two, The Governor took the ground
that mere temporary absence from the State, for pur

2 ee oo aia mt contiatittata alinennee from
poses
the State within the meaning of jthe Constitution, He
functions of Governor.
tion ight be returned, ere adjonrnuicrt, und thus save
the possibility of a pocket Ly It was essertinl that
a he eredut the Governor's sanctum the same
git, Tucy wore delivered at the Governor's redidenco
aL the Lite hour of 11 o'clock, It is claimed by the Gov.
error, that snch a delfvery was po de'tvery at oll, m that
the Nila wore not delivered at the Exceutive Office iu
AND THR GOVERNOR—INSIDE VIEWS OF ALL
THE COMPLICATIONS —A COHERENT AND IN
TELLIGENT STORY OF A REMARKABLE ErI
RODE IN £TATE POLITICE=—NATIONAL BEAR
w Etate House building, Tle Governor, also, 28 wider
etood, repudiates the receipt given at the wansion in his
pave for the bills, On the other haul, It 1x 'almed
upon seemingly 8 wholesome array of facts, that
the Governor keeps an oflice at enen place,
Al ca I office, not only 38 business of an ctiicis] nature
travsieted, but there exists at cach n reeogiized toy res
sentative duly inst:uled, Atal) events tie two bilis in
question were Jtaly receipted for, On the mane slp of
ot the Excentive Mausion. This, too, with: the
tnt of tine set by law, oud {a the name of Gov, Wor
moth, Fer reasous bert known to himself, however, in
this cage the Governor saw fit to ignore the receipt,
The Bayon Bartholomew bill culled for an issue of
bonds, The parties interested demanded of Auditor Gra
Lawn that he cause them to be issued, He, cimiming that
the constitutional limit of debt had been preached, nd
that he was constitutionaliy debarved from vo doing, re
fused, An application was made to the I obth District
Court, which is here somehow considered as the Gover
nor's specin] domain, for a maudamos, compeliing the
f=xite¢ of the bonds. The mandasims was rraated,
bat, 28 now claimed, upon proof furnished
by the Sceretary of State, Mr. Bovee, ulone,
Tis wad nn certificate that “the foregoing nll having
been presented to the Governor, aud not having been
returned by him witinin the specitled time, har become a
Lew without his signatare.” The jsgne of tie bond. wan
thus toreed upon tue Auditor, nnd the ll was promul
gated by the secretary of Btate as a law. As the two bills
were both receipted for on the same slip of paper, 1
would seem that the decision of the Coart naturally
settled thedegal status of both at the same time, The
Governor, however, who was abscuiat the tine, assed
to think otherwise, and ¢ipimed the bill Lad beeniliegally
promulgated by the Secretary of Staie. On the other
Land, the opponents of the Governsr claim that so far
he witked at the whole transaction, the per=cis tnter
ested in the Bayou Bartholomew biil being personal
tricnds and partian supporters, whom hee was willing
to let obtain tue bonds, With the other bill the case wiss
far different,
In this, “the Creacent City Water-Works" Lill, the in.
terest belonged to the opposition, Another Waier-Works
felonies too, 1 dieeet opposition to this, and in which
tie Governor and his insaeds te finds were heavily ine
terested, was on the carpet, ae Governor's quasi oppo
mition to the one, thercrore, sas erely pretended, and
was never heard of otal nat it becune Taw; while his
violent opporition to the other arose solely row per
sonal and partisan wotives,  Inotlis Fam merely giving
the case as chamed by the Governor and his opponents.
Be the motives as they ay, the one ill having become
Taw. as Loave desetioe dy the Governor was deta rimined
to defeat the other, Bus opponents were equally deter
mined to defeat Li busicad. As betore, thivy took adl
vitae of bls forced retirement fiom the State, The
Governor, dutiog a bier visit, on tae previous occ
pion bad tide sore deposition of the Coeseent Ciy
Water -Works tall, so that at cond! pot be found.
A corttivd conv, diy signed by the Presudent of the Sen
ale and Fp of the House, was promulzated by the
Seetetar sof State as law, The Governor appeared upon
the scene of action Just ia time to tind bimsest deieated
duiing his abscuee, he sitnation was exasperating.
Pie aid net stop long to consider, Desp orate diseases re
quire aespeiate reriedies, and he set about what, doubt
Lo, appeared the oniy remedy tn the case, Loe, the eXx
Lnetion of Lis contamacious servant the secreiary of
state, A sndden and unexpected descent was made upon
Tae cilice of toe secretary by a squad of the Meropolitan
Podice, Tue Seeretary of State, tue Hon, Mr. Bovee, was
forcinly ected nto tue sreet, ated a stance partisan
friend of tae Governor's, in the person of Majors
Gen, Merron, anstalied ansteatl, Thus wis severed
at a songle bow the dink or connection be
tween the oppesitton and the Char of Sate,
That the Governor accomplished mueh oy this measure
does not apnea, IE has already, as 1eporu a, vecisloned
(rote serion comphieations, We that other byzh feuetion:
Gres ie nse Lo reeosnze, oitleiadly, the one inp esseasion
of the Cthices TU wile be stsed in the eotine session of tue
fab audit, 100, ws i pus erinl wea poll ba wad ol Binpeaci
TTURTA
ATTACKING THE GOVERNOR'S SUPPLY TRAIN,
fr wi be remembered that spoke of The New-Cilenng
Udo pu ion as having a contract for the public printing,
tire! could not be intruded upon, unless tue papers could
somehow be drawn into fuur pas that should invalidate
[ihe contract, The paper is to a large extent ow ned, and
«it secs, wholly controlled by the Governor himself,
it has bad, bevond doubt, one of the Biter contiads
nacivabie, Netaridly enough, the opposition Lave loug
been seeking a thaw mn the contract, tor the double pur
Pose Of sateen the Governor's orzan, ad creaang
a fat support tor a new aid so-called State oran or their
owin, LU now pretty generally conceaed, trat in tila
antter, growing ont of the Crescent City Water-Works"
billy, due Leprblican has committed the very fuvr pas
steht fui—ilial in fact, the paper, i eo {mw Gov.
ernor, has payed directly into their hinds, Ihe
Secretary of Sate is the only ofticial throug
whom hill tor publication ean legally cole,
A= Le, and be alone, ean order the publication of any vil
asd daw, so oa the other hand the journal ust tke
whatever is offored from bs office, Right or wiong
thou! the Seeretary be, the pnthe printer at least Las
Latzhit to do an the premises but ovey, In this cise,
when the bill was sent from tae Secretary's otiee Lie
Lepublicon refused to pubiish at, IU secs to I
low that The New-(nleans Republican, an reivsing
todo work when ordered, vittited its contact, Tai a4
the ground tekken by (he opbosi Lion, wid tue wpe Wich
action will undoubtedly be taken by the coming Er
ature, Itis now claimed, too, that tue whole watery
pertaining to the thrusting forward or the Walton Works
Lil wis a plt-up job—that Speaker Carter, in fact, wo {a
trap to cartel a newspaper, wi that The Bepublicnn (ue,
Gov, Warmoth is caaght, That the care loons Svoly lack
Lae ids undeniable,
HOW Ti MAIN BATILE IS TO OPFLN,
White 2'l of this has been transacting, the strogzle to
oblwin control of the engine proper or giding ma.
chinery of the party has been constant amd severe, As
explained before, Gov, Warmoth demands a reclection,
as an indorsement, with consequent defeat and
confusion to his enemies, and as a stepping-stone to the
U. Senate. This has been well understood from the
first, [ts consummation on the one hand, and its defeat
Cit the Other, have been the ehiet ineentives or maiu
springs to action. To obtain control of the rexuiar party
machinery, his anseqitently been froto the Hrstarernious
struggle. This bean properly in the State Conusention
of 1ai0, Gov. Wartuotn appeared before the Conven
tion as a candidate tor the Presidency, His competitor
wis Lirut.-Gov., Dunn. A lively tigiit re
silted in the choice of Dunn by seven
wagority. In this fight a personal ditlicuity
prose between Gov, Warmoth and Postmaster Lowell,
Coeoonigin of the bitter fend existing between thein to
this day. The Convention appointed two from cach Con
gross District in the State, to whom the President added
tive by special authority; the whole to constitute the
state Contral Cormpittee, This Comittee appoaited in
turn an bxecutive Committee, of which Mr. B. Puck
ard, United States Marshal, became Presudent, lus
Comittee were daly msirueted to call another Cony en
tion ore then tevin of office expired, The manner ot the
Calling of this Convention was detinitely froed, So tar,
af least, it would cppear that the resular party machin.
cry Wiss uly represented by Mr. so Be Packard, The
Governor, however, perhaps naturaby enough, congtricd
its management as personally bostile to bneecdt, At all
events, weal early day there appeared npon the seone,
Maailily, as claned, trough lis struinen
tality, an “auxibary  Laecative Comittee,”
Thiough this, of course, came all the manor
organizations titroug tout the State at large,
Trinis, while all oster=ihy acknoswledeed allegiances to
the State Central Committee, at the sae time there aps
peared an auxiliary Laecative Comittee,” separate
pied distinct fro the Gis clatined) regularly appointed
Fovecntive Cond toe, coming trom tue fountain heal,
Phere appested, at the sane time, two separate and diss
finet bocties in the tied, The one was under the leader
chip of Us, Marshal Packard, as the recognized head of
the state Central Commitiee, The other was under the
lead of Gov, Warmoth, as the head center of the party
frae!l, Gradually all the adherents of the Governor fel
in on the one side, and all of his opponents on the other,
Pur-nant to anthority properly delegated, a call was
pasted for a State Convention, to meet in New-Otleans on
the 9th of Augnst Last, There sees to be no claim that
the call was not rezaurly made, vuce made, however,
the local organizations of each separate faction
began manipulating for its control when asserbled,
That Mirshal Packard, as President of the Execunve
Committee, did his best to insure the return of delegates
fasorable to the issues contemplated in the future, 18 be
youd question That Gov. Warmoth did toe =ame, 13
woven by numerous letters to appointees and prominent
Fh Ay Supposl to be genuine, urging them to
have their parishes represented in the Convention mm his
interest, The tight soon waxed hot, Here in the city at
wis particularly severe, On the one side, throngh the city
ofthe bale in the interest of Gov, Warmoth, the force of
laborers was increased, a8 cidmed, some LW per ceat,
Ou the other, throug the Custom House, it 1s said tho
Natfonal Government wis made pay master, to an equal
extent, All of this was for the purpose oi controling the
local ward clubs and organizations, Between the un:
agers of these clubs, as lay be supposed, the
most bitter feuds arose. These, not unfrequeatly, enlmi
nated in personal ditlenlt ex and most duspraceril rows,
4 A ie weskaf £220¢¢ AA" aa danse Ra Ranezrsa ®ande Beko want ff
one
volved, awd floored his man, a la Morrissey. In ail of
fighting man for ocewsion, the Bpeaker "he
onse And so far leading editor of the new organ, Alr.
George W, Carter, is placed in tbe van,
THE, THREATENED IMPEACHMENT.
v
The Governor appreciates the situation. Tt is cone
quent’y cajer’zted upon that, like a true warrior, heliey
ing an offensive defensive the time theory of war, he will
open the ight. This 13 to be done by a move to depose
Mr. Carter as 8peaker, und substitute a friend of his own,
If he succeeds In this, he Is, for the time at least, master
of the situstion, and at least is safe from impeachment.
Lib table, Le ds wacrdy certain io be fp woncd, By
the Copctitution of Leni tana the simple poosage of 2rt
cles of fwpezehment smmediately suspends (rom otter,
and makes it obligatory upon the Lichteuant-Governor
to neste the fanetions of the Governor, The same instr
went, teo, lin sn sesston of the Legislature to av Hod
of Codava, It also mokes special provision for (INpORi
tion of articles of impeacnment in case of adjonrntuent,
In canvassing the Legisinture and calenlating the
chances, it is elafined that the opposition hase fur
wore than the requisite majority in the House.
Ab the sane time itis conceded that the chances for a
conviction in the Senate are sim. [tis comparatively
casy for the progecutors in the case to consume me
cough in petting up ther evidence to garry the wessjon
of the Legiviatire to its close, Tis at once ofie taaily
Grsposes of tie Governor, in any event, as the next log
islature brings in a new Governor as well. Thuis plan,
too, places ail the machinery of State, inchuding the rey
istration and election laws, at once in the hands of the
opposition, and insures tie sieeess, [0 tae matter of
continued suspension fails, and a speedy tial ve likely,
the ob sition when in temporary power, as the nest
Leet thing, will repeal all regisieation and election Jaws,
or at least ro modify them as to pui it beyond the power
of the Governor, as heretofore, to beat thicmon the count,
rhoald the Governor, on the opening of the scasion, des
cune to open the git by ant Hort to deposa the speaker,
it is to bo forced on Bim in turn, In this caso the Tegis
tration and lection laws are to be at onee aitaeked, and
Other measiires of opposition to the Governor, pi med
upon btm, 10 Le allows them 10 pass aud become laws, it
I> considered tint they entail at least certain defeat upon
himself, and the opposition profess to believe themselves
stiong enongh to carry the election, If he attewpe their
deicai, IU is boped that they ean Binpeach him ot ounce,
In uhy case, therefore, the Governor is to be shorn of his
sirength, and in any cose, too, hwmpeached, of posible,
His oily show, from present appearances, Hes uw cons
centration ol sutlicient strength on the opening of the
session to depose the Speaker, Mr, Carter, He teds me
ines that be intends to win the tight, Perunps he
Had,
P’. S&—=inee the foregoing was forwarded, the death
of Licat.-Gov, Dann, winde in some vespeetson pleating
the situation, haw probably helped Governor Waoaoth to
Olorve douroe,
AUTUMN 43/0NG THE PURITANS
tlm.
NOVIEMEBLI IN PLYMOUTH—IN DOORS—T1ii, NEW=
ENGLAND WOMEN,
PryyouvrH, Mass, Nov, 25.—Life long hore
is tull of novelty, rich, simple, and ine xbaustivle, These
silver-gray November days read like a leaf from a book.
In this quiet neighborhood the speech and traditions of
generations gone may be sensed,” as local idiom has it,
in the every-day life. The heavy Enclish table at which
this is written is hundreds of years oll, and its network
of twisted legs, in Elizabethan fashion, was the work of
no colonial mechante, The arm-chair of Indian chintz
where I sit bas held Pilgrims before me, Imagine, if
you please, a low-Lrowed cottage, near enough to the
bay to afford a gleam of blue water throngh the orchard
boughs behind it, the Jaterior filled with old
furniture, over which rules the stately figure
of the oldest man in the village, whose tiem
ory, a8 he says, ‘‘goes back 150 years,” fed
by the memories of the old before hin Old ways are
cherished in this house; neighbors come in without
knocking, which would be far too tormal from any ot the
familiars of the family there 18 much speaking of a
tience and Nathaniel, Joab and Jerasha, 'Bijal and Dru
«illu, old names that smack of Puritan lveage and
simple bringing-up. There is sending round of quince
pies and cider, chowder, clam fritters, and “muddle.”
Do you know what a maddie is in coast language 1 It
is the Jowls and sounds of fresh cod stewed up with pork
and seasonings in fisherman's style. Beside these, this is
the season for that crowning dainty of the shore, fresh
cods’ tongues fried ike oysters, but far wore delicate.
Theology is the favorite gossip, Evening comes, Au
tun storms take possession ot the coast, The blows of
the surf along the beach, the trouble of naked trees with
the gale, the hoarse gathering moan of the deep, the
knocking of the sea wind at the door, gre about and
beset the bonse, Tn-doors, the mellow, bright, wood fires
invite to social 8 o'clocks, and neighbors come dropping
in, the women armed with patchwork or trousers to
stitch up, while the wen delight themselves with stories
beginning When I was a boy.” Calm nights, the llzhts
of the mackerel fishery dropping for bait are keen
tirough the orchard boughs, while overhead the aurcra
flings its rosy and silver fives, presage of storm and tidal
waves dike that which rose in the meadows last week—
the highest known for twenty years, Sunny days
it is warm and fresh as Spring. You would
Lardly know it was New-Eugland, to talk of
gathering pebbles and sea-weed in November,
It seems as if the life, the exhilaration of the
wen air forbade feehng cold. And the coast dunes are
beautiful in the tinted air which lies purple over the
woods, and rosy over the gand-faces, Near at hand, the
willow and cherry branches glow like yellow aud blood
red flames on the margin of russet meadows, keying
everything into Autumn harmony with the bright, soaring,
ineffable blue above. The gracious reverse of seasons
counts the odors and colors of April backward to us in
days when harbor and head-Linds are wrapped in softest
sunny mist like the distance of Italian pictures, and mild
as the days after the equinox iu Spring. Out of doors is
so much better, that it is tedious talking about men and
women.
There 1s a &taidness and precision in this ‘prime type
of New England villages which strikes one from the
West with becotatng reverence for age and position, But
itis related that some Plymouth travelers in Leyden
could find neither trace nor recollection of their ances
tors, The burghers of Leyden had no record of an event
<0 trivial as the sojourn of the Puritans there, or the
preaching of John Robinson, What was a past of 250
years to the antiquity of a continental town that sent
armies against the Turks, and stood sieges centuries be
fore the Puritans were thought oft It is good for Ameri
cans to run their heads against the old walls of Europe,
to learn how young thiscountry is. But 230 years counts
tor a evele here, long enough at least to banish the rich
woods from Plymouth shores, which now are so bare
that one would never guess that the pines grew to the
edge of the beach less than a hundred years ago. The
Indians say that they used to hunt over the meadows
where Plymouth Bay now ebbs and flows; but before
the Pilgrins came the ground suukjin a great carth
quake, aud the water rushed in, forming the harbor.
The bare, ugly irlands in sight joined the main land by
long strips of sand within the memory of those now liv
ing, and were feathered with pine, the trunks of which
are scen, by those who sail past, under the blue
water. Fifty years aco, Capt. Robe Roberts, one of
the rich merchant captains of those days—one of those
comfortably -off meniwho don’t know how much prog
erty they have —offered to build a long wharf at the
north end of the harbor and a break-water, £0 that his
whips could enter at Plymouth, if the town would take
hdf the expense, But the fathers of the town were cau
tious, and the chance was lost of making ita rival of
Boston in the Canton trade. Capt. Roberts took his
business off to Bostou=he owned half Plymouth in those
days—and his son feil under the accusation of eating
$100 ils on his bread and butter, as if rich men’s sons
ever did eat anything less than plum-cake and goose
pie! This Capt. Roberts was a favorite of fortune in the
tirst days of independence. He was a poor boy who used
to dig clams to sell; shipped a8 cabin-boy,
then went before the mast, and rose to
be master of a vessel, While lying at a French
port in the Reign of Terror, about 20 nobles took passage
in his ship, planning to escape If he would wait for
them till evening, ‘They managed to send wuch of
their plate and valuables on board in large chests, and
trurted their money to the captain. Gallant Robe Rob
erts waited with anchor hove short till the last moment,
when, fecling his own head In danger for aiding the
escape, Le set sail. La Guillotine had a rendezvous
With the poor Freuchmen, whose golden louis, plate, and
jewels fell into Capt. Roberts's possession, as no other
claimant ever appeared for them, At least such is tho
Plymouth story, too romantic not to be accepted.
A delicate, fine flavor of colonial gentility lingers
about certain streets and families in the old town. How
many Judges, Generals, and Governors belouged here it
would take long study of town records, us well as of
blitck grave-stones on the hill, to find out; but there
must have been a perfect court of them when assembled,
Of their descendants, strange to say, the women wear
the longest, and these dames of brilliant complexion,
firm step, and steady, keen eyes, fill one with admiration
of the effects of const alr and Puritan bringing-up. It is
rofreshing, oo tor the crude, rushing geniuses tured out
by wholesa irom women's colleges now-a-days, to find
women of good cescent and culture, who are content to
be amiable vithond either fascinating, leading, or repel:
ling. It is wonderful how they escape with so slight
swell of pedaniry upon thelr garments, cousider
ug the books they read—-Buckle, Hallam,
aud The Coming Race. Plymouth ladies look like
geutlewomen in their dregs; grave and wodest, but of
fuviucible neatuees, and finistied always with the fluest
linen cufls and collurs, or embroideries so dear to the
heart of women, but which overdressed city girls seldom
think of affording. Equal rights are taken for granted in
such society, and as for progressive tendencies” —much
abused phrase which makes one wish, like a crab, to go
backward— they £o round with the world and the pieces
this, the managers of the opposition cla that Gov.
Warinoth, through ns partisans, wis the agzressor. be
this us iL ay, certain itis that nuerous cubs of the
opposition were broken up by force, ln this, too, it is
chimed that the city police took an active part, So
notorious did this lawless interference become, that even
The Times, a Democratic shect, gave it opinion that, if
even balf reported were true, the President would be jus
tifted in foreible interference, under the Enforcement act,
With the Convention that followed, have hittle to do,
as its merits and demerits have been preity thoroughly
canvassed. In the employment of United States troops
and conveniug of the Convention in the Cusiom-House,
the fiends of the opporiiton claim that (hey had abundant
rause, This Gov, Warmoth indignantly denies, and points
to ih .4 Convention of a year previous, and the peaceable
election of Lieut. Gov. Dunn, in opposition to himself,
The results of the Convention, us might have been tore.
seen, but rendered the breach the wore impossible of be
nx healed. By ft the Governor and Lis appointees wee
watintied that At was matter of absolute death or vie
tory. ‘To hope for uny iwerey from the opposition was
out of the question. At the” same time the opposition
found all ite hitherto discordant elements cenvonte t to
gether in 6 comuon ciatise under a common leader, oom
that day the opposition has shown a uuity of purpose in
ite every action, That purpose stops ut nothing short
the absolute and complete overthrow of Gov, Warmo
and his partisan adherents, and tue full control of the
State. As the latest move on the carpet we have the es
tablishient of a new organ known as The Mational Re
publican. Its launched, as I get 1t, with a capital of
00,000, Starting out as the avowed organ of reforn, ay
well us the recognized organ of she opposition to War
moth, it 16 certainly meeting with flattering success,
It culculntes much, beyond doubt, upon the break
fug up of the coutrct of The New-vlcans Re
publican In the manner [I have described,
and the consequent collupse of that journal, It
starts out as a lively evening sheet, that will undoubtedly
afford much nid in carrying out the designs of those iu
opposition to Gov. Warmoth. What those desigus are,
as well as the method of carrying out the same, are early
loping themselves. They stop at nothing short of
dev fin peacumpont of Gov. Warmoth on the of he
family, her church, and Boston also,
place better tian, Boston it is Piymoutd. do
The brothers do zat saow offen;’ they
ave climbing Glerras, or writing poss
Listory, or in a Chma house; though 8 schob
arly face and silght figure is sometimes seen af noon ON
the street answering to a name that Lins been the pride
of Harvard for three generations. But the upper circles
of Plymouth, like most New-England towns, are died
either with those too young to go away or too old to
care for going. Women do wt count, but an ex-Harvard
Pre sident, a brace of Judges, and Suge Senators, with
magazinists and authors known sna nnkuown, oroamens
the court end of town, Tudeed, there is rumor of one
Re ning who, recording to his own mention, is given to
towing off” poetry as if it were a fever or bad cold,
The Yuaintest stories are told hy the old sca-master ab
Garg Shing, the north neighborhood of Plymouth, which
tn kes its nae from the thread of a brook dashing a few
ro 18 by the main &treet, and across ihe meadows to the
bay, Like everything else in this hauut d ground, it has
its legend alout a woman suspected of being a witeh,
who was sentenced to be led dito the wood? beyond the
settlement, The two men who were in ¢harge of the
ge ntenee hurried her along withont food orfwater; when
in ber agony crying to God for the werey denied her by
Ler kind, she struck Ler stall into the ground, and a
stream sprang up of clearest sweet water, An earth.
quake changed its course, trad tion say« amd it no longer
flows straight from the Lili<ide to the sca, Who would
imagire stan] New-Eingland so much given te earth.
quakes! One of the ancient  munnei’s favor
ite charactors, whose repaitees he tells with
relish, was Quashee, a slave of old Dr
Isisze Le Baron of Plymouth. Ths Quashee was
a Guinea negro, as witty as black, and lis answers were
gossip for the town. He was given to drinking, and one
day Lis master, seriously vexed with Lup, declared that
the next time he got drunk Le should be buried alive,
The time came Quashee recled home drank as a log,
and was nailed up by Lis master and another man in a
large pine box,which they carried into the darkest cornep
of the cellar, where they sat down to witch his waking,
It was not long before lie came to hiwself, and they heard
nw seratehing in his loose box. ‘Them devila has
boen as good as their word,” was the first exclamation
“they's bnded me ’live.” Then, atter another series of
serntehing, came three loud knocks on the side of the box.
“say vou, down in de lower world, has yon got any good
cutert” Thirst was the only feeling reff enough
to demand expression. People once trie to find oul
Qua-hee's religions standing, und which church be pre.
ferred, *Quashee,” said the minister, what do you
believe 1" Noflin®, massa.” “Way, how's thaty”
Massa, one time I had a dream. T went to heaves, ’n
there was all sorts of people sittin’ roun’, Baptists n
Methodists 'n Orthodox. By 'n bv some one came in and
‘wan askin’ of ‘emi all wint they Wleved. One says, ‘I'm
Orthodox’ 'n they say, Weil you go sit down there,’
One save, ‘Tm Baptist,” 'n they say, “Youn go sit ‘long
there in ‘notier pace.’ One says, I'm Methodist,’ 'n
they say, ‘You go over yonder,” Last dey came
to poo’ ole Qurash’ "n say, *Quashee, what you bllieve int
I say, *Nottin,” 'n they say, *Quashee, you £0 all round’
Jes where you've min’ tot”
There was ones a new minister preaching at
the Orthodox Church on the Green, who drew
away members fiom the Unitarian Society, the
Rev, Dr. Kendall's, In the Winter, some ome stole
Dr. Kendail's barrel of pork, and no trace could be found
of it for a lone while, One day Quashec met the Doctor,
and said Le knew who bad his perk. “Who?” “Mr,
Ingalls that preaches up at the Green Ohno, wo, no,
Quashee, Lunope pot, I should be very rorry to tink
so. You mist n'esay £0.” But, Mass’ Kendall, T know
he have, He's taken Pour flock away from you, ‘n the
man that il steal sheep will steal pors, suah
Quashee had a peeidar veneration for the clergy, aa
they were awiinily styled in those davs, when tho sight
of the minister's cane mn the entry struck sueh terror 10
thie hearts of the young oues that ihey “scared out” and
hid thewselves til the visitagon wus over, and when
clergymen were always spoken of im Rowan letters.
Oue day the minister came across Quashee in
the middle of the road, studying a horse-shes Be
picked up. “What bave you get thers,
tine accost. Dunno, Sic’ “Don’t 1 i
fool, it's a horse-shor 1“ Now see what 3
for folks!” said Quashee with an adsl p,
“how Was a poor teliow lke me to kuow whedder™s.
a boss’ shoe or a maie’s shoe
UM”
Fifty years ago the belief in witches liad by no means
dicd ont. Inaced, the desecudianis of a tiest family”
of P!ywouth, wuch esteemed au theoiogical contro
ver-y, would be surprised to suow that theis
grandmother was and 1s still reputed a witch by the
country people. I was gravery  asoued that sho
must have been, for she used to hat acrsetfl up in her
rooin all through the Laying season, and every morning
she Knew Just what was going on wii over bér farm, She
used to dictate to her son what to do with his ships, and
the sailors said they used to meet her in the Pacitie,
at sea ina tub. Toe peunty of bring strong.
minded and sharp-seciug in those days Wad
enough to deter ost Women irom any euch
ventures dire,  Pelhiarps these qualities are none the
worse for keeping; at least one  uotabie example
at the present day was been vouched for, in the person of
the school nustress on Clark's Island in the bay, where
the Pilgrims spent their rst Sanday.” This woman
Keeps house, takes cave of ber aged mother, bakes her
own bread, and makes her own garden, raises corn, po
tatoes and squashes, rows over to the main land for sup
Plies, manages a sail-boat, keeps school Winter and
pring, and teaches the large boys navigation in the
evening does her own sewing and washing, and takes
boarders in Swimmer. In view of such waguificent use.
fulness, how coutracted seems (Le sphere of an ordinary
intellectual or political woman. These New-Englaud
women are a fearful race. It is only the second-rate ones
who tail luto publicity —hy writing books or culseling or
Vlecturiug, Tae beet are too busy to be known,
ASRS
59, .8elden agt. Kinge.
127..MeKinle: agt. L nb et al
146. .W ilwerding Mount agt
Fowler,
149, .Darliry agt. Brewster,
127. dn re John G. Lamberson.
16 Van Wyck agt, Lawreoce,
SCPRKME COURT—UIker ir PAR?
a. m.—Adiourne, tl
CovMoN Pira-—Pakrs 1 AD 1L
MawiNg Corrr—"Twazn Teav—I
10a. m= Adjourned G
Pant il. —Guoss, J
6033, .Standwig age. Morrow,
6347... Wood azt, Metall,
GB". Nivles agt. Nruyvesant Bank.
2116, Kurz agu. Hilo.
vl. Inckerson agt. Diebl.
S020, .Barues agt. dteinwitz
6926. Marselis agt. Anker.
7185, Denny act. Maily.
7046. King agt. Tiwons,
Par [[L—=Crr1Is
8134. .Rigeine agt. Reagan.
7352, M irshall agt. Limon,
W002, McQuade agt. Bulger.
2000. Porter agt. Watkius,



AN American widow lady desires to find a
ZX Lome won Christian family, Would wake berself generally useful
Good reierences. Alress A. McL., Box23, Uptown Advertisement
oluce, Hig West Thirty-second-st.
BE a
YOUNG American woman desires a posi
2X tion of trust in a good family to assist with sewhyg, or engage in
any light work. Would travel as companion to Joy part of the morld,
Best references given and required. Address C. H.@ Tribune Office.
JIRST.C LASS FEMALE SERVANTS sup
plied by PIERCE Co., 6 Bowling-green. Greenborns and otbes
selections from Americans, English, Scotch, Germans, Swedes, Irish.
(LOD German Female Servants at Mrs, Hilds
German Institute, 127 Norfolk-st., between Rivington 0d Btanton-sta
N URSE—Mrs. ROBINSON, Ladies’ Nurse, has
AN REMOVED to 51 Douglass-st., Brookiyn. Can secept an engage
went immediately. Has first-class references.
VWANTED—By an American widow lady of
widdle age, a position as Hoasekesper cr Compavion. Bes refe
rences. Address Mrs H. B., Box 1y, Up-towa Advertising office, Hj
West Thirty-second-st.
4 Sh Nd
A CIVIL and MECHANICAL ENGINEER of
sc entific attainments and large busivess exoerience desires an KN.
GAGEMENT as First Assistast Evgineer or Superintendeut. Address
ENGINEER, Box 106, Tribune Office.
A SITUATION WANTED by a colored man
who can give good reference. in a PACKING-HOUSE, or would
make himrelf useful in spy establishwert, Add-ess KR P., Box 108,
Tribune Office. iw
FACT RIES, FACTORIES!—Large number
skilled Factory Hands and Families of Alults, wanted immediately,
to work and leary manufacturing cotton goods. Apply, 6 Bow'ing-green,
FIRST-CLASS Englisn ARM-HAND and
WIFE, just arrived, want SITUATIONS, Good plowman, milker
and gardener, &e. Wife good bouse-worker. Can be seen THIS DAY ol
No. 0 Bos ling-green. Afso on hand, two experienced FAfM HANDS,
quo I'CHMAN and wife, Englishman and wife,
bY) Erstrate Farin Hands snd Houselerpers, just arrived. want sitos
tions North, West, or Soath. Inquire at tLe ageucy of PIERCE Co,
6 Bowhpg-green.
\\Y% ANTED By a gentleman of large expe
rience, 8 position of trust as HEAD ACCOUNTANT in a large
mercantile house, corporation, insurance or trust touipag y or ag
Unexceptionable references a8 to capacity. Aldress A. B, C., Boz 109,
Tribane Office.
WANI ED—A SITUATION, by a competent
German Giel, for General Hoasework, or as COOK, WASHER
and IRONER is willing aud obliging; best of city references. Call of
No. 503 Bowery; entrance ou First-st.
A SN

y
A STOUT YOUNG MAN WANTED to carry
orders and ass st in grocery store, 153 Thint-ave, a
A GOOD PIANO TUNER WANTED—481
ZN Boaiwa HORACE WATERS,
WALESMEN WANTED. —Wanted a number
A) uf steals. active Men to solicit cnlers for tie Wheeler Wilson
Sewing Muciines. Apply tothe Odice, Broadway and Twecty-sisth-st,
$37 A MONTH—Horse and outfit fare

4 i) niabed, Address NOVELLY Co., dace, Me.
A KLABER, Steam MARBLE and MARBLE
4 Vo IZING WORKS, IW sud 16 Feat Eigbieceih oh. Martie and
Marbieized Mantels, Tiling, Marble Counters. MoLuieuts, at prices 1048
defy competition, Mortzages taken iu trade a
S KLABER Co.” Mathie Werks, 223 West
A Ve Sist-st., bt, Broad v and thay, Marble and mar ead mantels, wed.
uvuients, Leulstoues, largest varieties; cheapest in city, Sew. for desigun
QTEWART® SLATE MANTELS largest aac

o

4
wrimest iv city, st lowest prices, clegant dew, T
STEWART Con. 605 Siath-ave, ¥3b TR -61h a Thrireid

«8


7



COURT CALENDARS THis» Davy
Sepurwg COSRT—CH AMBERA.~Biany, J.—Open at 2. m.  Calendas
Gituations Wanted--Females.
Situations Wanted-- Aaleh.
Oclp Wanted.
Marble and Blate Alanicis.

Er nn
163. Hawler agt. Dorman.
164. Bolles agt. Dorman.
166.. Valentine agt. Theislte
174... Andrews ags. Church.
!Cal! 175... be People ex rel ke. agh
Becser,
 L.=Vax Brext, J.—Opens at 104
Monday. December 4,
Adjourned till Morday, December 4
ART =JOACHINSRY, J.—Upeds a8
II Monday, December 4.
Opens at 10a, m.
T1549. Drew agt. To'lon.
7:5... Meudelsobn agt. Henlein.
[T0.3..Gaun agt. Elsas 3
17367, .Schoverling Missin.
3070. Fredricks age Plortaer.
1369. .Fredneks agt. Loebers.
t:50,.0' Brien agt. Maller.
,7308. Frecricks agt. Fragisser.
J.—Opens at 10a. m.
¥137.. Maire agt. Nye.
8184.. Planagau agt. Jobnson.
5169. .Scbilberg agt, Freitag.