EUROPE.
Celebration of the Ex-Empress Eugenie's
Fete Day at Chiselburst.
GEN. DUCROT'S EXPLANATION.
Frnideut Tiiiert on the Commercial Treaty
Between England and Pranee.
THE TICHBORNE TRIAL.
The steamship Oceanic, of the White star Line, ar
rived at this port yesterday from Liverpool. Hhc
brings mails up to the loth Instant, one day later
than those already received.
A Paris correspondent of a London paper say*
the Pope lias determined to leave Home. The
Ooatean of Pau will he placed at ins disposal as a
reaidence.
It was rumored in London, but no credence Is
fiven to the sensat on, that the generals in Paris
have formed a p:an for seizing M. liners and pro
claiming the Emperor.
Advices from Home state that great, anxiety has
been felt there owing to the rise of the Tiber and
tbo fears tnat an Inundation would take place.
Preparations nave been mam In providing against
the threatened calamity, hut ruin had ceased to fall,
bad as i be river no longer rose It was considered
that for the present danger was over.
Prom Vienna It la ascertained there is not the
?lightest anxiety in political circles that (he resig
nation of Count Beust will he followed hy any al
teration of the principles on which mo foreign
affairs of Austria have been conducted hitherto.
According to the eastern Budget the surest proor
of this is to be found tn the fact that Count lleust
has accepted tne post of ambassador In London.
About midnight on Tuesday, the 14tli inst, an ex
plosion took place at the spring pit, lleudlcy
Green, between wig an and Bolton. Upwards of
sixty lives having been lost at this pit in isuh, it was
?hen made a strict rule that no powder should be
need except during the night, when the majority of
the men were away, and then only under the direc
tion 01 a property qualified foreman. Seven men
were in the cast part of the pit last night when the
explosion occurred; six wore killed and the other,
tue foreman, ^as so burned that his recovery is
almost hopeless.
ENGLAND.
Tht> PranrcN of the Tichborne Trial?Mora
WltnenMt ReeocnlM llin Clnimiint?TeatU
naony ol a (Jniboiic Priest?What He Viae
la Hay About Ttclibornr's Kdurntieu?Pic
tures l*ro<iuce?l.
London, Nov. 10, 1871
1 enclose you a very complete resume of the
proceedings in the Court yesterday or the Tich
borne case, it is taketl ftvm. the London Ic'.sf/raph
ft this morning.
This caso was resumed yesterday, the Court pre-"
?entiug tiigt which lias become its normal appear
ance Too flrSt WUucfli Called W;l8 Ami Noble, wife
?I henry Noblo, ol Tichhorue, who is now SriJ-J""?
?ttTli vhl, aud wus dairymaid there lu 1'40, during
tw lives of Sir Edward Doughty and Lady Ticn
borne, havlug known Mr. It. Tichboruo well.
When she saw the claimant, at the Swan, at, Alres
tart, in inou, she thought by hia features that he
was one ot the licuborne family. Subsequently
she again saw the claimant, and, having conversed
with him, became convinced most assuredly of hie
Identity. Hume thing wns done lit crosa-cx
imliiallon to indicate that the witness had
beon prepared by previous conversations
about Mr. Tichhorne'a return to England
tor recognizing as him any ouo shown to
her: but in a generally simple manner, Just, tinged
wttn smartness, she in me mam neld to her lust
assertion, denying emphatically llmt she ever told
any one thai she did not recognize the claimant.
This witness' husband, farm bailiff at Tichtxyrno,
next appeared to slate that lie had seen the claim
ant at the period luai his wile spoke to several
times; knew turn ironi the flrst to be Mr. Tichborne,
by every icuiurc and gesture, by gait and voice, ox
eepl that he was much stouter and Ills broken Eng
lish mitigated. Ills walk was like that of old Mr
James, and that witness observed from a distance.
Tn-t witness being slightly deal, Hie peculiar In
flexions ol voice widen gave so much point to the
?resa-exainlnationsoi the Attorney ueneral werene
?esaarity somewhat ineffectual. lie admitted having
bean that lauiy Ticnborne had recognized the claim
ant before he saw lum. Two photographs- one rep
resenting the claimant in his comparative youth mid
tbe other us lie is now, were shown to the witness,
me first he did not recognize as a likeness of any
anc he knew, the latter he said was like linger
Dchuorne; a third, which was taken In Chile, he
toold make nothing ol.
Mr. Meynck, priest or the Catholic church, Bristol,
who graduated at Oxrord tu 1838, and took first
Mass Conors, said he was on a visit to (he then Mr.
aud Mrs. James 'Itchborne, in i'aris. when lie saw
young Roger Tichborne as a child, dressed in blue
and white, as a "time" to the Blessed Virgin. He
law the Ticliborncs afterwards In Borne, witness
went to Money hurst In 1847, where you ug Tichborne
waa then, and was pained at the state or his educa
tion, as the heir of a great Catholic fauiilv, though
otherwise his Impression or bun was favorable.
Witness was sura Tichborne could not have con
strued Creek or translated a line ot Latin?not even
tie words "Laus itco semper." Having read the
cross-examination or the claimant, and consequently
written a letter- [an attempt to pot tn this letter
was disallowed by the Jndge]?the witness negatived
tfee probability of Ticnbornea being acquainted
with anything that was going on In tbe Retreat at
?arstgreen, ucar Htoneyhnrsi. The quadrangle at
eoncyhurst, which tlio claimant couid not renicm
ir, was not tn existence In hU time. Ocnerally the
examination in chief of this witness was directed
to verify, and, as it were, to account ror up to t utu
Inaccuracies in tno cvideuoo in reference to Money
hurst given by (he claimant?us to persons, customs
and localities. Having seen the claimant on Mumlay
ami Tuesday last, the witness had tested him by
question4, mid had no doubt licit he was the t
person whom he had known In early youth
and at Money hurst. The witness rranklv ad- j
mitteo Uiat, from books .ind otherwise, informs
uonatout Moncyhurst wu? easily attainable, lite i
witness stated t lint lie had been a private tutor of
Mr. Ileury Seymour, undo uf Roger Ttchbonie. at
Oxford, which leu ro an association between them.
The cross-examination of the witness was very pro
longed, and exhaustive of every point of his exam
Inaiton-in-chlcr. Tho early photograph Of Tichborne,
the witness said, reminded htm generally or him
When a boy; there was souietning of his mother lu
tt?a languishing expression?and in his opinion
claimant bad at times that expression now. The
modern portrait, too, had some points of resein
Dlaiice to the young man ho knew in 1S40. No test
of the claimant's knowledge of (Jteck or Latin whs j
made personally uy tne witucs.'. (Several times tho i
witness was toid by the Chief Justice that he almost I
systematically avoided giving direct answers to
question* put to bun.)
An elderly woman named Eleanor Pniltn, of Aires- I
font, whose husband was bailiff to Mr Henry Tich
borne. spoke or knowing i ho f.iunlv, and especially
tttr Alfred; and ot the claimant's coining to her place
a lw)7 to ask for a glass or waiur. she knew him
Immediately us linger Tichborne. talked to him, aud
had now not the least doubt about it. Exercising
his special tacultv that way. Mr. Hawkins. In lus
cross-examination, got much amusement out of lit*
colloquy with the waned*, who at lostauld pathctbal*
lythatfohc was made very nervous. The witness stuck I
to her text, tuat ?he know tho claimant at once, not
withstanding Ills change from a very thin to a very
stout man, trora lit* uil<c<"d likeness to his mother
Had the Tichborne tain'.Ir, while the clalmnui. stud 1
that he should have known her anywhere. Among
other tilings Hie claimant asked her tr she still
(tad a large oil picture of tlm "Reformers," and bo
was shown It. Altofp liter, despite of tiny "nervous- i
ness" she might have fed, slm whs a slcadv and
stanch witness. A Air. James liowmston, who bud
been in the employment ol Mr. Hopkins, in Poole. In 1
1861. told ol his remembering blrO. Phillips, M. P. i
for tht borough, retiring from tlio representation,
and a deputauou going to I'ptoa, wlioro Mr. P- i;. i
Tlohborne was staying. He knew that gentleman
at that time, and having seen him on Tuesday wus
convinced thai be was trie same person. The clnliu-
ant spoke to hiui of Mr. Hopkins ami lilt sons, rar
Uculariy one with curly bl ick linir.
In an interval oi the proceedings Sergeant Hnitan- j
ttne staled that ho had underrated uie number of;
witnesses he had to call. and therefore ho could
form no idea n? to when the plaintiff's cose would
M concluded. The Jndge suggested that the Court
Mould sit on Friday Mislead ol miJonniing 10 Mon
day, as had been arranged, bu' tbe counsel on l>oth J
?hies seeming todeslielo adhere io the arrange
ment it stood.
The picture or Ladv Tichburno, which had been
spoken of by Coiouel Lusldiigbm as being rccou*
nlaed by tho claimant at Ticttboruo as that of his
mother, was hero produced iu Couit, tin l appeared
tt a life-aizc, sitting, tin)f lonkth. of ft lady :u the
rime of her age, rtchiy dm pod, of haan?omo
Stores end flne flcure, with a profusion of
ra ringlets pendant on each side of tbe faro;
i It is difficult to say mat any re-era bb woe
?oak! be traced to the claimant of tu
nny. After hub the crojaexanilnafion ot
liowlostoii waa re-umed. ami it won sought to
damage ins account of tho deputation which went
from Poole to Hpton??suggestion being, as It were,
insinuated that it wen* to Mr. Henry Unyniour, tlmu
one or the members tor Poole, and not lo Mr. Tich
borne.
Then come John Oooper, of Alreaford, master
kiajer, who apoke of knowing many of tho
amvmvm imh. _nmi ia!1m
Known htm from m? to lssa, ati<i having wen
and conversed with the claimant many times Hince
tola return to England. witness knew htm as the
same person, particularly by hts knock-Knees, winch
was a peculiarity of most or the Tlohborue family.
In the conversation between witness and the claim
ant there was much mention ol some spurs, stirrups
and hmiUciI birds, which the claimant said he had
sent home from America, and which witticsa had
seen, ami the cross-examination sought to shake
the witness' account or all this ami more or incur
tutk.
One Itailey, landlord of an inn at Wroller, pro
fessed to be well acminlnted with Roger Tie.hborne s
person, and believed me claimant to bo linn.
The case was then adjourned.
The Kmprrss Gaarule's Birthday?How It
Was -pent hi I'biaHliiirst?Tlie l.ailtrv of
I'nris and i heir Beloved siirvr reign?The
Kmpernr If err I vc* a I'livixlnu Oepiilailnn?
Adcrrss nod tiin tlsK mr's Keply.
[From the Manchester Examiner. Nov. HU1
Tuesday was the day" (Ste. Eugenie) of the
Kmi>ress, on whit ii lUMflMJ it is the custom on
the imiineu' to make presents and titterings ol af
fection to those wn mines corres|?ond with that
on tiie calendar, iiie present chosen by the people
of Parts, or at least by the sympathisers with the
ex-iutienal family, as a mark of their affee
tlon for the Empress Eugenie, consisted of
a oouide of bouquets four feet in clr
cuuiicionoe. s> arranged as to form an
elaborate monogram "hug, nle" and a magnificent
album, covered witu purple velvet, and mounted in
gold, wdih I ho leilcr "K," surniuuuiod bv the iinno
rial crown ot Prance, on the upper cover, aiso in
roinl gold. The aitmm contaius Hie names of per
sons and ilnns In Paris, representing lu all upwards
of thirty thousand Individuals, who thus availed
themselves of the on y opportunity at present af
forticd theui of assuring the Emperor of tneir last
ing attaciiuiciii. 'lucre was, In addiuon, a present,
In the sliano of a series of small bouquets, tro.n tho
ladies ot Paris, a icslmionlal ol atleeiiou. headed by
Madame befebro, the wile t,f the lale Prelect of Di
jon and a similar emniein ol tlevoUon Horn some
oilier is of ihe late Imperial tiu.ird.
The deputation numbered nine gentlemen and
three Indies, arriving at the CidsriiiuitH aiu'lou
the two canoa. of enormous dimensions, containing
the tlowcrs were placed on too top <if a cab, wtuoii
lollowcd lu the roar of the dnpulailou, who walked i
leif.nte.y iiji to t'anulen House. At the eiiiraneo
gates tlie card ol uue of the par.y was scut to the
T 'lipcror, wnli me nu'ssaae tu.it a iiepatation Irom
Pun t desired an interview. Alter tlie lapse of a lew
minutes ihey wc.c admitted, and uptm reaching 1
the house lUcy were received In the cut.mice hall j
by t untie Daviiliers, wno, a tor ascertaining the
object of tlie visit, mil them to coiumttil cute his
information to the Emperor. lie returned in a'tout
ten minutes, and a moment afterward the hmperor i
walked slow,y into itic ro im. He looked extremely 1
well, but appeared moved by tho presence ol ins
visitors mid ilie object of their interview. Altera 1
few words from tue Kmpcror, in ret gtnilon of tho I
feeling tlius evinced towards linn, the gentleman
wlio was appointed to act as spokesman omnieuced
to to id an address prepared lor Hie occasion, bur,
aHer reading a couple ?,f sentences, lie to,?, burst
into a flood ol te trs ami was unable to proceed, j
Ills ludt sly thereupon said III French--"Lead mo
the nook and 1 will read it." Do accordingly read i
in sileuctj the address, oi which the loliotving is a
transltttioui?'v ru* i
Hntr.-W bear you the r?KreU of tho rnuniry of which we
arc the faithful ecu,). Will Your Majeidy .In-.i to off,! (hem
to tier Majesty tlie Kmpr.-s* on h?r re urn irom Snaln f It
wuUld have been a great p caiure to us u> contemplate the
features of our much loved Sovereign but t.1 fate has de
cide,! otherwise, we shall await ihe prlvilegr of seeing Her
Ma.,esty till it nas punned tin I to tlx tun day. bnlll tliat time
we shall fconunue to hops, ull.-ruij our prayer* fur the h.ip
plness and the speedy return to Fiance of the Imperial
family.
Kit. VKlliprriMrf Pit. I'/St)"' ut/vW T\'t- It F.isre !m
ptri'a'!
Rrts?The yoiithfnl generation represented here presents
Soui Imperial IIUhneM the assorance fur the present and
ic future of the cnei'.cllc continuation of svmpa.hy and
tlevoleJuens without limit, which the lalhert vowed to the
father and wolcb ibo sons to-day pledge to the son,
'I he Emperor theu retired and tho deputation
were Invited by the C'oiute Daviiliers to partake of
refreshment. Upon subsequently returning to tho
reception room IDs Majesty came in, accompanied
hy ihe rniice Imperial, wiioui no introduced to Hie
deputation, unserving, "lie is growing quite a mau,"
placing at tlie same time Ids arm on Ills boy's
shoulder. Tue young Prince th n gave h'scurte-ile
visitc to raclt member of tno deputation, to each of
whom a Photograph eX fcipj Emperor was presented.
FRANCE.
I'renldftit ytjlvre antl ili.
Toe Jo writu tie's Itibait liubftsli& fbo following
lofler, wltlcli, 11 state.", wa? really neat by M. Thiers
to the I'ope on tho occasion of Ills Holiness com
pleting the twenty-flftti year of ills pontificate:?
Mom- Hoi.r Father?The French Catholics ??Into with
respectful joy the twenty tilth anniversary of four Mo luoss'
poiitlilcate. In
poutlilcate. In my capacity of Clilei of tne Executive Power
of the French republic, I associate myself with their senti
meuU, ami hasten to make myself tne Interpreter of their
wishes. Like tlie.m, 1 have a Itulred the nolile hriuncaa with
which your llolln -se has constantly shown yourself superior
to the event* whl h Mod haa permitted to occur during tliia
loug succession of year*. Adversity couhl not overcome
you, i ii.l hn( hut IUip1 rated the greatness of your fail h and
the aplrniloi of your apottollo virtue*, frannr, alto tried by
ml*'onune, haa found treat cumulation In the generous
charily of your paternal n*arl; she offer* you the espre-slon
Ot her gmt lud". It it for me a distinguished honor to he at
th ?iwiemn moment her faiihtnl intarpreler, and to l>? able
to lay at the loel of Your llolineaa th* asunraiicr. of her pro
loiind reaped, of her live y gratitude and of llie ardent
wishes that Rbn chcrtihci that Flu* the Ninth may continue
for long ycaig to come nl* memorable Pontl licate. I'he chlel
of the exeuitlye power ol llie Freuch repuhlic, A. THliill.".
Ueacral I) or rot and the Paiilerewte of No.
vemher, IMI).
The iMirw of tne 15th all. nabllabes iuc following
letter from General Duerot:?
The Petri of the 10th of Noyenthcr contained an article in
which I wai lu Mime degree called upon to comuiunltutle to
the pubiic what p.i**?d at the conference respecting the ar
mistice In Ihn early pail of Nnvuinber. 1M7U. 1 regret thai
lam unable lo respond In that Invltatlou, but I am of the
opinion of those who think that a soldier, Uke a vtaterman
or a diplomatist, haa no right to divulge the secret a with
which he may become entrust# t ny vlrtnn ol Ids public I mic
tion!. Having been Interrog.ted hy the committee of the
National Assembly at pointed lo In pilre into the acts of the
:nt of the etfa of Heptetnl.er, I dated in respect of
government
the interview at the Bridge of bevies and of many other
matters all that I had to tell a? a public man. My depo
sition was fait 111 oily recorded by the shorthand writers, I ana
certain. If the sovereign A??embly should think it proper
lo make public the. reau'ts ot that Inquiry your desire will
he gratlCflu. lu the incauwhlle I would venture to ob
serve that you are strangely mis'ake'i In attributing to
rtie any porli rn whatever of responsibility for the acts of the
government of September the 4th. Allow me also to tell yon
th at 1 am surprised pi find a journal like yours making
liseli the echo of the. miserable organs of Hie Commune by
repealing after Ifteui tha only accusation wlilcb, notwith
standing their rage arid burning hatred, they have been able
to bring against a uian who, during the siege of Paris, nevar
_ .w. _
quitted the advanced posis, and who, If he lias been s gene
fsl unfortunate or IncapabI- history will decide-ha* at I
least glvan proof of some devotion, and has shown blmsetl
more careful of tbe lives ot his soidiers than of his own. 1
Thierv ?n ihr l oumieroiul Treaty with Eng. j
lantl anil the flnnnpiirfes.
Ttie Paris ?orre.sponaeut of llie l.onilon Daily
Tr eg \inn reports a eoiiverjatioo willed he hail
with tTio l?re?i<lont of (lie French Republic. Tiro
correspondent. Alluding lo the (.'ommeriildl Treaty,
toll] m. Thiers lb At a tooling w.ia springing up in
English commercial clrc'.oi towar ln trance which
wa% lo ear the leant of It, lo be deplored:?
M. TlllKRft amid?Tfca French government Is fully aware of
what you stole, and no one can deplore it more than we do.
At the same time p-rmlt tne to isy that I think the English
nation has, as a rule, misunderstood both our reasons for 1
doing what we are attempting and the det*rs of the tuodlfi-
cations wc ask. Tt.s treaty consists of neai ly a hundred arti
cles. Of these we onlv w:*h for a change in three, and even
those three may jotue Jay be restored lo ihelr present con
dition. In all tbat arils iron, coal, mineral oils, beer and
numerous other goods, vve leave the treaty as It i* It; what
we ask is a slig.iUr Increased larllV upon cotton, cotton
goods and cotton twist, so aa to put them upon something
like an equality with oiu own goods Ot the Sntno kind, wblc.S
,iieint{ greatly in want of inoneyi we arj obliged lo las more
heavily than uufot e. Your countrymen, wno
are by far the
most practicable people in hnrop'a, bafdty realise the enor- j
mom weight of the peyrnent* w? have to make to (Jeirasuy I
ami the stupendous expanses entailed upon us by the late
wicked war. *11 these peyimente iooil he made; we must.
above and !-eiore all lamp, keep our credit and meat
our tinaaclat engaged.ant#. Even our most de
termlncd enr.nlns will admit Ibl*. But encase
men's cann it te met, payments cannot be
made, w tbocl money; and Ui#Sleairsl-bfadsd f'nandn! men
In France admit tli .t to in. i*a'.- lb* tans on our own manu-
fa lured goods?whkb must, of co n-e, tic met bv a curre-
sp ri ling taxation of the same goods from othsr countries
Is oe ul lbs most Ifglttb.vie way* of pi. ling ourv?lva? In
t'ouda Mtreoyer, let me tell yen?what I I.ave never yet j
se. n staid lu any French or Kngbsh pitjier, but which I
know and can prove to he a tact ?the empire had before the
war I'nl y Intend# d to mc llfy the sain# sruc'es ot tlie treaty
I,leh vie propose to tone t.'rid to unite as groat art estenf.
Wears bv no mean* srirroe* of In* treaty l had wu been
might have dcujiinc.rJ It some montlis sgo, end I
it would tpiw have ortlv a fewtnonltiS to run. It all n-go
denounae
liatloas fall, snd we leno .nee It In February nest, there
will still he a year before It c mee 19 an end; hut we hope
and trust it nertr will aunts to an end. If .t oe denounced
In February wc shad ha able during the following
year lo eonia to at. u ider-ian ling resi cling ihe un.dlflca
(lons which '.va re pure to Ua made in It for ihe interests of
Esance. Ai d I racVrv. that It 'tin motlih allous wc propose
are carried out to the full th* trade between MngUnd and
France wtii not tie llx Isbc l in tin least. 1 Uava read m
sotnn of tha hnglish Mtpero tad In your own correspondence
front Pari* -tbat in adopting thi# temporary protectionist
policy wo are killing the hlr t for tl.e sake if th* eggs Cliia
m's'ake The ntrniiat peopi* can eay wob jnstloe
y I* that, hema eorely la wsnt of funds,
against our polh
wa sis annul to i(iortgaj|i! lor a short lime a valuable source
of 'mi me. I kmw tnitonr en-ntl-s ere everywhoi-a making
tho most of this act nl what they term protectionist policy.
I'u* partisans Of lb<- 'aie dyn-irtv have evidently stirred up
tue jutiHo mind agatuei us in England as well as here.
We value th* frTee-lahtp of Kncland, sn.1 adinlre
your gr-at nallo.i far l>o much lo be Indifl'erent to
tbeae things. Bid Oltr lor.guet are lied, It is only
in th* Assembly that wa can vindicate our acts;
ami foreign countries sei'ljm read speeches on financial
in?t!*,s, or If t! ey read th*m they uo not take much Interest
in 'lie I re poet thai commercial men In Eng'snd have
alt1;, r misunderstood or 'ay* bsea led away by those who
wish them lo mMundsrstaii I the detulis of these proposed
m tiostlous In lb* Treaty ot Commerce 1 end they will Hod
thai, it carried out to Ihe full, the balance of traue between the
tw i ,'onntrtes will not h* one I da more unfavorable to tbrnt
than it is And I am guile a ire that whyn rour men of
business look at it ??nhjeot from other than a mere psrltnl
vtew ihcy will be of tae sau? opin on.
The ooi rwiiimdent omUipI m, thipps whether or not
lie hoiievo'l in ihe etorloe of Ronui>,irvnt inli iauot)
ajpI ttu Iiuporiallht rmtcuou.
"Inthoee iBtrtirnsa I do believe." he said, "tut not in any
reaction. Wont Is tour opinion You see a great many of
ail .Issvev and opinions, snl they don't hesitate to speak
their minds before an Englishman do you think there has
tieen miv .--action In fnror of the emp re "I do aol," I
rvptled. "1 nave nevar yet met a man ot any peti
tion In Psrls, and still lest In tne Provinces, who said
be wished m tee the Emperor return. There are
Parisian shopkeepers who say so, confessing their wishes to
be Inspired hy the belief tbat there would be more money
,1mm O'lf Blip* W9?M H orionr ,<N*
that ir? now. Thrra nrr alto lournabata who talk loudly
about the rH'im ol llir kni| r. or, an I ilaelar# tliat
lhare la nothing alar for France than pvraunal govrrn
?tank Hut thear mm On not lorm the n-al oplulon of
Fiance. Hliaii';rr* In Paris rra<l th ir journal*, arr only
what la on tna aurlaca, know nullum; aa to bow tho
win-* are pulled or who pulla th in, ami give cirueiire
to what Ihav aee In pr.ni merely lim-anaa it la in
print." k>. Thiers I late lied with attention to my
remarks, and sold be believed I ba l fanned :t trim opinion of
the niattcr. With r re pert to the anir'ea that have app 'ared
of lata in aome ultra radical newspaper*. M. I bier* wa?
cecuiiiglv ci uliou*. lie raid that IIiai'f waa a point beyond
whb b no government -not even I bat ol England, lure
everr one limit oil liberty to aay an I to print me opln one
could permit the prest to t ran,, i, aa: hul that great allowance
must he Hindu at .lie pimont time for the etched "tats or
people'* feelln a. which would u lime probably onlm down.
A few worue reaiteeUng the gnally Improved -llaeipltn#
and appearance of the. army naturally brought up the ipiea
tion 01 Franae'n piepaHtig lor w->r. Nothing could i e more
decided than M Thlera" rxpreaatona to the client that the
country hail need of a defruaive, but ceitiloly n l ol an
olfenaiye army and that all her bqpe* of profpet ity lay In a
?teady detcrmliiail n to maintain peace with In r neighbors,
I mentioned the reports that hud cot abroad In the French
?ni'ia, alarming tbut M. Thlcre hiinsell hoped to be the
liirl-umenl of avenRing the daattrra or the l?l?
war. Ua laughed beaitily, saying tbal il tboaa gcnllemeii,
who (Mined to know hit tlioughta belief than lie did biinaelt,
could only feel bi* weight of ye.ir* and of work, they would
bo more circumscribed In thi llccus- th' y gave their powers
of invention. In ilda 1 con Tea* I could hardly agree wilh him.
With the exception of Lord I'aiiuerston I never saw a man
who bore age and toil *a M. Thiers does. From live A. M.
until midnight, wdli the exception ol no hour for bresklaat,
two hour* "or walking or driving an t two Hours for dlnucr,
lie never ceases from work?not even ou Sunday, eocording
to the very bad cuatom of Frauco.
B RIKA'S BE iROIHAL
A laidy's Wardrobe Leal and Won?Virtu#
TTIiiiiipbunr.
Bertha Iintcr, a young and blooming German
frauhtn, witit rosy cheeks and hair of Mo hue of
the Gothic blonde, some tltuc ago was worluug In a
saloon in Chatham utroer, where she formed the
acquaintance of a countryman of tier's named
Julius Seders. Their acquaintance ripened into
frieudship aud their.
nilKNU.SHIP INTO INTIMACY.
Julius was unremitting in his aitentions to'In
fair Bertha, and with a woman's trust siio confided
everything in him. In duo course of time one
Charlie Marx, wi'h ntoro money than Jul us, bat
less attractive exterior, came upon the sceno. Be
la vk. tied his luvo ami wealth upon Ren nit, be
decked her wilh jewels and wrapped her
fair form in costly silks and brociid shawls,
llavibg thus won Bertha's gratitude ho was
graciously admitted to Hie circle of her admirers.
Coui tuned luiorcourse served only to increase sua
to enhance the oiuiniis ol his enslaver. A marriage
proposal lo lowed, at a n .turol sequence, aud
IIKitniA At\l IK.SCMI.
Supplied with funds ny the aforesaid Hnai'liO, sho
repaired to Imr mother's home iu Springfield,
Mien., to prepare for the approaching nup
tials. She departed accordingly, hut re
taining her si in i te faith In Julius, entrusted her
now ample wardrobe to ills keeping. Julius, proba
bly stung by jealousy or actuated i?y gome baser lui
pulse, proven faithless u his trust, and
JIYl'OI MKCATEP TUB VAI I ARI.KS
commlHoii lo his care. The watchful Char
He, however, was not so easily deluded, and
kepi a vigilant eye on Hie "siinp 'ry Julius,
and detected him In his clandestine operations.
Bertha wusaway, nut, determined to lose no uiue,
lie at once applied to a magistrate lor legal redress.
The lady's niiH.'iice, however, proved an insuperable
bar, as no complaint could he ontertmnud without
HER IT. US ON A I. PHESRNOK.
Not to he foiled, with business-like prornpritnde
he procured the seizure of the articles, aud they
were at once removed to the Team precinct
station house, a telegram was immediately
forwarded to the owner, to which she was promot
to respond In person. Yesterday morning she ap
peared iu Essex Market Court, before Justice Led
with, and made her formal complaint, 'j he recreant
Julius, who mid so abused his trust, .seemed com
pletely crestrulien, uud couid hardiy realize that his
Gothic blonde shou d, lit police parlance, Ignomiu
lously
"UAVE GONE RACK ON I11M.''
Charlie Marx, i n tne contrary, looked radiant,
anu Ills eyes gleamed Willi uioro '.ban .satisfaction,
lie said naught, hut calmly awaited t.ie decision of
ino Justice. When the magistrate decided to nolil
Julius under ?.r>oo ball to answer at tne General
hesslons Charlie's features assuiuefl a glow of vir
tuous triumph, lie offered his arm to Hie rosy and
laughing Bertha, ca-si back oue of his blandest
Dinlles on 5
ms dejected rival,
and thus vanished from the court room. With the
two attendant pollceiueu beunug Bertha's ward
robe the victorious party loruicd u triumphal pro
cession up Grand street.
THE SIIYVLSIYT BMfi,
Xecliita ol lutliaiiitni llcpont tor*? V 'nm
mlileti ol' Itivcntluuiinii Appointed.
A meeting of trie depositors of the stuyvcaant
Panic was Ut'ld yesterday evening In the Sinclair
House for tlic purpose of luntitutlng some inquiry
relative to tlie affairs of t lie establishment. It will
tie remembered that this bank suspended payment
011 the liitli nib, and lunt on Ine following Tuesday
a receiver was appointed. Since that utne it
would appear that the depositors have been any
thin or dui satisfied at the niiuiuei' lu which business
has been carried on, many of inein aliening mat the
bunk officials declined to afford facilities /or an ex
amination into Die Hciu.il condition. The nieetieg
last evening was numerously attended. Kx-Judge
Kelly, Prcsldeut of the Fifth National Hank, pre
sided. Tho gem rai objects 01 the meeting having
been ret forth, Mr. Coliainore, tlie ex-president
of the Institution, underwent some question
ing from Mr. Hayes, who interrogated him
as to Die general course pursued by the
hank officials. Mr. Collamore stated that there I
had been a loan of Sl3S,eoo made to a Mr. uartinan, j
but tnere had oniy been security for The
bauit had done mostly a dii-count business. Me
would not venture, however, to give any definite
opinion upon Die subject, not being acquainted
with H e inferior operation" of tho establishment,
lie understood that Die bank would be able to pay
one hundred coins on tlio dollar. Mr. T. Kedv
sold innt from what he bad learned ho
thought Die bark could not pay more than
sixty cents on the dollar. After considerable
wrangling and a great deal of ronHi?lon,
too depositors all the while asserting Dicir rights
au<l Claiming an Investigation, a committee was ap
point e 1 to eoniur with the receiver, examine tue
accoums and report in a week, the billowing being
I:?F. f.
the names of the gentlemen nominated:
Hayes, c. W. Hruyher, William White, John T. Kellv
and J. A. Doiigan. The chairnbin was also added
to me committee. A vote of thanks having lK'"ii
passed to the proprietors or the Itotellor the use of
the parlor. Die meeting adjourned.
mi; woxk iiK im. mttotfnts.
t.'oroner Heme au held an Inquest yesterday ai the
Seventeenth procinct station in Die case or a man
named Bebenck, who was run over on Monday night
In Flist avenue, by an express wagon, driven by a
man named Henry Harris, the testimony disclosed
that the deceased was grossly intoxicated at the
time, and thai the driver did his best to stop Die
horses. A verdict oi acc.dental death was re
turned.
A woman named Mary Aon Browu aged tinny
five veMrs, died yesterday at her lale residence, No.
f?. East I'lghih street, rrooi burns which she ro-
cetved tiy the explosion of a kerosene lamp.
Philip Hick en, a seaman, died at the Centre Street
Hospital yesterday from mjurb's received by a fall
on board the steamship He Kuyrer, at rmrMo.il i
North Iflver.
A child naiueU Tho/nas riughnn died yesterday
of convulsion*, produced by it teaspooui'ul of wbls- j
kov, which was given to b'rn Monday night. It l?
supposed thai t ie whiskey whs poisoned, and a rigid
investigation wii. be nrnde.
Au Inquest Wi.s hel l jesterl >y by Coroner Voung
m the case of .In oti kopl.o, w.io shot himself
through tlis head, at T Christopher street, on No
vember 28. 'Ihe particulars have already appeared
iu Hie HfiKALb. A vcdict ol nuiude, winic in an
unsoiiDd state of ml id. was returtii d.
A chdn named I.,tr.fi Otn.ors, alio was buti.ed
on Monday lied jestordny.
Coroner Horia.iun held an inquest ve-terrtav mi
the body of a man named Join Mo lalinn, who
was Injured oa the mm aiug of the lM-ti of V veinbor
by a pisoe of rock whlcu feu en nun in Ninth avs
nue, betweensixty-sixthand sixty
several witnesses were examined, who temttod
tnut the stone, w hich was being nois ed oni id a
cutiing by a chain, *!i. pert and strnck ?i#?o<l
Hi At on tho shou. lor an I i: mi it'll on id" mo'and
hrokolt. Most o.'them testified that *"?e decea* d
lian no right to siau l under ih stone, ?nl u i
he had wati lied it a* It ascended that he
must have seen It and tieen n*-t> tl> ge' >>u; of the
lv iv. I no uiedtual testim-'hy went on to show unit
there was a chance of sivlng tho nun's life K me
limit was a inputs ''fit his rc.ativea refused to
neruilt Hie ous'it'io"
The jury w 'lred, and after remaining awnv tline
ouarLara01 au hour re'uinert with "He following
verd/i't:? ">Vc accord $2,fwo to Die widow ol the dt> j
I'Msc'." The Coroner informed them tint, tuey
v?w only to inquire In'o the cause of death, and J
tnev again retired. In a short time the foil wini
verdict was returned.? 'We find that detvast I came
to his rteain bv betng struck with a p:eca of locli,
on First avenue, and we censure ti e contractors,.'.
?f. Miner ami J. Crawler, for not chip ovlrig n c.ipa. j
tile man to .vliug stones."
THE MEl'AIRIE COURSE RACE*
NR\v ORI.KAtts, Nov. JS, 1871,
l'ue race horses for tho cni.lng meeting ai too
Mctalrie course are collecting lu force. Mr. san
lord's airing are here, ail well, and so arc Babcock's;
but Oaffney A Telly's string have not yet reached
lbs city. rne.T are cxp't'tod in the morning. Tnero
are about forty horses ?t?,tue. firmiml*.
meeting is antieipaied. ihe Louisiana State Tair is
still well attends* wi win continue several day*
iv??er.
THE MAC2-C0BUEN PRIZE FIGHT.
^ruimlut In \f? Orlcntm? Arrival of Hiiro?
Wtaaf llr Thr Britla*.
fl'roia th* New Ortcum Tu>??, Nov. 2*
I'Iiin didingui.-dicd exponent ui tilt) "manly art"
rraebcd low i on Wednesday tian I. having
taken up IiIm quartern ut Ullnoru's, No 17 Hi. Ciiarles
street, ha< been successfully interviewed by n host
or tin' i urioiihtv lumped. for whom usigiH ni a prize
ri'iu chauipmu po? osst i? a i.in m.uton which even
in my very inconvenient ucck strew dungs
[Hit m destroy. Jem ua-> been miming
at riucliinail nmler tun uientorslilp of Jim
t'UMick unci Pou'ey Mnoe, wno anlvrd with
him; ami, contrary to extensively circulated
reports, nis /.i<- tias hrnughi mm into lino comil
iion?in laot, lie declares turn bo never Jolt in ootter
liuniii (lieinc. An interview vim Mr. Mace tailed
i to elicit niiicii. except Hist ne is quite reticent In
an expression of opiumn louchiug bote ins am ago
iiiisi ami Hie mining njlit. and is wliluil decidedly n
1e01coin011tt.il person. I lie burdeu oi bis acnM
ments secui to po.nl. to lint one thing, and Hiui is
his determination 10 bring toe coming contest to a
flsile issue, II tln-re bo any such thing possible, lie
1 stigmatises as "u?sard" the theory mat there will
be no flgui, and nays: -"lio yon mink I wnuiti oome
I all ilie way down lu re It I wasn't an do'erinmcd to
tight as I am to live V liy," salil he. "ho uii xlous i
aud decided utu 1 that rather titan there shout i be 1
no tight i will agrt'o to meet (Johuru aioue aud have
it out tn a six oy nine room or any where else." ilie i
ladling ranges ut the odds of about two
io one in favor oi Mace both here and
in n. w York, several beta having bean mada i
last night ai inn to no and ou. Joni lett tuc
city yesterday, lor a convenient iioitit oil liio New
Orieans Mobile and Texas ltailroad, between Ilus
city ami limialdsoiivillo, where lie will put the tin- i
i.siiiug touche on ma "lorut dtvtneJ" n the ques
tion, "Ho yni propose to give an exhibit! n ootoce
the mutch/'' lie replied. "No, sir; I came down hero
to light, not to give e.ihibitioiis," ah hough puiille
coninienco is very "shaky" uouce oing a i>< lioi in a
Juir pri/.n lipbt, I to re call be no douol thai m I tile
Instance the ailair will not ouiy onie oil. bill, ii will
i M ueciued on ua merittv and it promises to be one
or the toughest contests ever known to I he ring.
The stakeholder expresses liunscir to the ciiect that
i It either iuan attempts to siurk too responsibility of
n fair meeting he will hand over his p iriiou oi tho
ban in money to some enitrtiubie association.
Cobiirn is gelling on unc y, lus coudblon being
reppi led as superb, and all lion rli both men will be
equally matobMt in si/.e ami weight eenti eatneot*
ing to light at ins. (Jotmru will have the advantage
I o: youth. Ins age oo:ng ilitny-six, while Mace kicks
the bcaiii oi time at tor. y one.
I There will probably no a larger gathering at the
ring on tiie morning ui tue aotli ihun has ever been
i seen upon a similar occasion, mere bring already iii
the city large delegations ironi New York and other
i cities a nolle 'able mature oi which, however, Is the
absence oi ilie rough thieving element usual at such
I events. Tnetr failure to put in nn appurauce will
1 i>e a source of co 'gratuiatiou, although it
Is Sfild thai a certain amount of reaped for
j tiie peculiar ideas oi Judge l.yncli is answerable
l?,r iiio very excellent coarse adopted by these
outlaws of society, cross reporters ironi all too
i Hint class Journals of tho country arc gathered here
I like some vast host, all eager for itie Jr iy, winch will
uiiord tue exquisite pleasure of dashing totuelr mil
lions of readers ilie intelligence "that Joe got homo
on .ho horn of Jem, ami Hint Jem Hit Joe a nig in mo
i ribs that, made liiiu sick."
The friends and admirers of Coburn have ten
(lored liim a complimentary testimonial spa/ring
I exhibition, which will take place at Turner Hall,
Saturday evening, November via, upnit which occa
I slon lie will be assisted by Ned (I'll id win and otner
1 boxers, who will Ttso to explaiu" ail aiiout i ho dc
I iigir.nu mysteries connected with ilm uobie art
I which results so frequently iu bloody noses and
broken heads ad HOitvm.
The It-/tiling Kev?ir on llic fucrrusi- ill Ni-\r
Oidenns? Condition oi ilie Wnn?TJie Itci
lin?.
New oui.kans, lift., Nov. M, 1871.
Tho fighting fever nci-ina to Increase an the lime
approaches tor (heencounter between Mace ami Co
bum. Nothing is talked of In the clubs or ubout
the various lioiels but the probabilities of the Issue.
C'oburu was bore to-day, bustling about llio busi
ness part of town, ami was nu object of great In
terest. Toe odds on Maea to-day were one hundred
to forty. Jem is uity tulles away irom acre, keep
In r quiet, but will be on the battle ground ai ibo
appointed Mine.
THE WAR OF CrfE iDi.
Tlie V.ohm Island Hlbln How?Hove 'scholar*
lilsinisMetf?Tlic tnlcvlioii I nudiing.
The lilbtical war still continues fo occupy a large
portion of the public attention, not only in ihe place
where it flr?t origin ate 1, Hunter's Point, but ulso In
I.ong Isiiuid City, wlilob, unfortunately, lias too otten
been troubled by siiuilnr dtflleulUe-. It now seems
that the infection lias rapidly spread itself all round,
and it Is feared by lovers of peace ana Harmony that
it will, if not stopped before u increases loo niucU,
cause considerable anxiety to the public mind.
Another batch of scholars has ucco suspended,
and it is needless lo add that all those children that
I relu.se to read King .lames' version are ftouian
Catholics. Yesterday bronchi forth iu its train
another day of trial in the J.oug Island City school
trouble, ft seems that on the assemblage
of the scholars at the school yesterday
morning a fair proportion or tho num
ber of scholars suspended were found tu
Mietr respective seats. This action oil the part of
the scholars wu sowing lotlm (act thai 'heir parents
had promised a Compliance on the pa" of tho schol
ars with all the regulations ?stuidished b.v tbe Hoard
oi Education. Oil the commencement of the read
ing of the Cord's 1'raycr by Mr. Seiburg, the Princi
pal, It appears that Miss Kuiio llcnucn. tbe little
culprit who first commenced the row, jumped up
and expressed herself after the manner that she
coubluerud it a sacrilege to listen to the recital of
thelitblcas read in the public senoois. Anotlier
followed and nearly the same scenes took place that
were enacted on Monday. Hho was promptly ex
pelled. Thirteen other scaolars were suspended.
All dav yesterday the greatest, exciieineut prevailed
among uo parents and uieudsoi IM scholars in tho
oeighborliood of the school, a large number of fhn
parents called at me scnool, and in almost every
Instance they used very disrespectful aim even, some
times, outrageous language towards the Principal.
In one case Mr. Selburg's tue was threatened by
some man, who whs promptly arrested and put
unucr bonds to keep the peace. The rage even took
posies-ton ol the women, since one was canted
down stairs by two policemen. It wa? Justly con
slueicd at Wie'tline taat Iter language was entirely
unfit lor any kind of dc- ,n .society or
delicate car-. Although everything that,
really could he expressed to exasperate
me feelings of a man was inuled against Mr. sel
tmrg, he very kindly guvc everybody an audience,
including, o: >ui u large corps of the New York
reporiorlal slat. 'i ;ie rnosi of the -tip. nded scholars
managed to get take a bockou t.ic parents' prouiise
ol good bcimvior andobedience to the iriles. yes
terday, ai the opening oi tho Mhool unrdm In
tliehecotul wind the boys commenced most outra
geous proceeding-, hallooing, veiling and
making most unearthly noises. una of
Ihe ohicr ones told the I rtncipal to i. ke his Itintc
and go to he'.l with it. Finally tnc riotous scholar*
were persuaded to leave and quiet was rescued.
The police force ai 1 lie sehooia has bceu duublca.
On Sunday night the lower windows of the First
ward school were ail broken, and the sashes of
nuny ol fliem. fly some it Is proposed tlist all tho
schools he closed uuiil the excitement, subsides uml
quiet is once more restored, ily others a ooufcrenco
committee is suggested. The tatter plan, It is un- j
dor mood, will be aeceptablo to tho Caihoucs.
TO (RIIK. I
A Martina IrnRi'liwnn t'nnnntl* a Unrn'r >y
an 'fllfitny A Slum,
Tifaor >v Co., Cuion square. on account of
the ihiamount or valuables contained in
tliclr slow, employ twelve wab.hmcu to sloop
time in during the lunrt It remains closed.
Alioul five o'clock on Monday morning Hubert
t art or, one of thr watchmen, was awakened i?jr
bearing a noise on tne ilrst iloor, and getting out of
U"<i m his stocking rcei pro< eci??i part way down
stall", a"'! v?iiH somewl at surprised on seeing a
(iifj. ragged-looking individual standing at one of
the large niiouvtisea, which contained a large unro
be r oi valuable watches, endeavoring to force it
o|wu. ho quiet ant" Ids descent the burglar out no*
near ntiu, and pro.oeding i<? a side <ioor lie
eiu? rg?'d into tint street and secured the services of
oiih'ct Mend, of iiic twenty-ninth preduct. The
two. upon returning lo the htoro, -nil found mo
burglar industrious.,, at woik.
I'pori npp-ouciiing him he quietly surrendered,
and accompanied me oitlcci to the station house in 1
I hlvUi tn mr.-et, wie-re he guro Ins name as j
I Tuitgois Kournler, and residence at flu houtli Fifth I
avyune. llo stated It w.ts poverty and want
mat had corai?"llO'l utoi to comma this, his flrst
crime, as he had not lusted lood lor twod.ivs nor
slept in a nod lor ono week: thai lie came to tins j
city about three morn its uxo Ifum Frnnoe, wlier- he
had served ail through the war un I neon hono>Hbl> I
discharged. Ue Is a some mason by trade, ami.
being unable to obtain work, became envious I
Tiffany's wealth and concluded to appropriate some
of It in order to make hnnscil comfortable
and lceen uio wolf rroin the door. When
.iskod now he ode. tod an en' anew
.n lie
he armed that, on Monday a.PTtioon
v%;5
I Hiltil about
made tits way to tiio roof of nm Mpingler House,
torn which place he crossed over
Tiffany A. (Jo.'s store, where hereuia'"'''1about
four o'clock m the morning, tviv" M|r':c? open
the skylight, and taking off 1?" made ula way
to the Ur't floor. On hSkT" ?"n. W;l* f'"m<
burglar s toola, *J? opportunity of
iisimr owlnuj-short, time he was lu the place.
Jlo was,#* -"wt"cd before Justice Mhandley. at .leiier
yoaterday morning, and. pleading gutliy
iht charge, wm /our coaninted m vi?k
LECTURES LAST RIGHT.
FlEW AND HOW TO PEEVFIT THEM.
A 1.4'rilire bv I'rnf <ta?r llorruiuo.
lhe second of ihc nirn oI lectures by Professor
I Porcuius on science wax delivered la?f evening in
the hall ??i th>' Young Men's ChriMian Axxoci.itIon.
i The subject wax "Kilt Mil lis Trfatuii'tif." A good
l dt al of valuable Iitforoi idoii wui ^i\**n relative to
I the nature ami origtu of the elein'Ut. I ire atom 111 ex
various forms. Sometime*, as heat, it cheers ami
revliirius the system etue i?|e.| ity cobl: at other time*
It iixxttmoH the mote teri in.' shape of conflagration, I
tix it has lately tlonc in the West, and carries 1
with it all the elenienix of dfioiattun and terror. It
Ix the most awful exhibition given to man of the
potency of the Creator, Its power, cutter lor good or
evil, being incalculable. Various have been the
theories lie.d at various ui?"s an to tlx nature.
liOro Uacoii inalutiiuied it whs a mode or mollou;
tnc same view was held bjr sir ixaao Newton, and
In our own lima the Theory hus been
revived by a number of eminent chemist t,
chief among ihe.n sir John Fyndal, who toix
written a book in del uco or Its truth, it lunt been
considered by tlt?t ancients to he one of the ele
menu; but t tils ix not lualatatueu at the prrscnl
day, aud we are tit a certain xenxe at mm ux to tlx
proper place lu creation. The cause* trnich pro
duce lire, however, ate well known, the chlol among
them being combustion, which ix pioi>ai>i> the prim i
pal, the mam, cause or moxt of the ores with it occttr
in our large cities. Particle* of matter nrouelit into
contact witli each oth. r haven uiituial atliuiiv and,
i attracted witu me wind, will, in numerous in
j .stances, kindle into a name. We frequent!,) r< i or
i Inxtaiioex wUere tli leavux of t!??>? -ij, ru'ttlo I b lite
bbixt, ighi'c and produce terrible coni1aacai,.,iix,
Mich ux have lately occurred In Iscoo to and
Michigan, win re whole lorcxn were i|ex'.roy< t from
this simple cause. ou the same principle a omiv
j travelling wun ureal velocity coming hi coutnd
i wiiti an opposing force produces lire? nx, fos
Instance, a projcctilo xirtktog agaltixt tnc
mile of a -hip will hcihT forth spatks
ot nuuie. The popular tdcrlex which
will lie intelligible to all relative to the production
oi Uiix elemeiit arc eaxilr explained. It I-, i?v
chemical ineaux that we arodaby tnuMterln,". all the
UlillcultiOH oi xclence, it ml kiikiii; (item tltix priori,
pie of lire. Chemistry explalnx what i known ax
spontaneous combustion. which would otherwise
xecm very layxtciiomi. if carbon or charcoal be ex
posed to the air it can cattily ignite and In the same
way suit. coat, lu one year the Metropolitan (tax
Company lost fi2.,ioo tiy the burning oi their soil,
coal when exposed to too air, ami 111 the same
time tweutv eight ot the coat slupx winch inr
Liverpool were never heard ot?apposed io
have been lost lor lac same reason, Anoiher great
cause of lire Is ciceii icily, whicli has bceu feuriutly
llluatruted by the destruction of rateago. I lie air
is surcharged with the cuter riuctrlo lorco, ami in
such weather a* wo iiuve at present litis can be I
caxiiy proved. If a person who wnikx a distance a 1
day like this coniex into a waim rooiu ami t ubs uts
reel tor a length of time ou a carpot or rug In s
short tunc tue electricity will penetrate lo ihc very
tip* oi nix fingers. and a matt h applied to tlieiu will
ignite a ilutne. I'nis theory explalnx such phclioiu-
ctta as v, n read about in lite papers lu coiitiee'i1 u
wtih the destruction of (hncitgo. People who lived
loug distance h iroin win.re the lire wax raging, w io
had no idea oi moving to a place of refuge, sud
denly discovered t heir houses ou are tn a manner
that seemed lucxidlubie to them. The iruth of the
theory is cosily explained, flreai (Ires, such
ax that one, create a strong current ol electrie
nlr, which travels over great dwtatwes,
freipientl.v tiring a city iu placs widely
apart. The knowledge of this principle should
create a counter element to prevent miicii disasters, i
and It Ix believed chemistry is ublo with Us com
paratively lliiiited knowledge to suggest. one.
Apart h'uni Huh, some valuable hint.- are being
thrown out by men ot science relative to tho budd
ing of our cities. The long, narrow streets jire, it Is
said, very dangerous lu ihu presence oi a lire, xhorf, i
broad strectB on the European plan being much
safer tiutl less expose I to the ac'tou of Hie Maine*,
home iinproveinciiM might bo made m our Fire Do I
partiuent. It has been suggest ml thut instead of
water being sdely depeujed upon hh an rxlin-
gitlhUerii resorvojj should !?6 provided In all our
larger cities (hied with either i arbollc or xulptnirio
acid, whicli would is: much more enicacioux
than wilier, ir pipes were connected with the
reservoirs, leading to our largo establishments, in
ease oI a fire breaking out at. any time, the mere
action of turning on a valve unit ttPlug the burning
apartment wit.li I lie gas wonlu extinguish the
flames, the same nieteoil could bo employed at
sea, on ships, ami the disasters that are now ?o
frequent could be easily prevented and cmitroile I
A number of ot,Iter valuable suggestions relative
to ttie means which It would be advisable to take to
prevent Arcs lit our houses, cities and ou "nr per
sous were offered ny the l'rofc*sor, ami well re
ceived by tint audience. The lecture wax bcuutl
lully tltaMrated, tue experiments being of tbc most
elaborate Klud, and the audieuco les'iltd ilimr up.
precuuou by repeated plaudits.
OKDLKtJ OF NOBILITY.
Lrrinr* by lite Ucv. K. If. Ck*|iin l.ast
Kvcniiii.
At the Plymouth flautist church tu Flit y-first
street. between Nintu and Tenth avenues, the Iter
F. U. Cbaptn lectured last evening beforo a Jargo
and very fashionable audience. Ilia subject wan
"Orders ot Nobility." Tho reverend lecturer
descanted at some length on Hie niartr growing
evils of Amorlcan society, ono 01 the
principal ones being that so mum rush
into worn and callings tiiat they arc
not fit for, because they think that what they are
capable to perforin In vulgar and degi uding ail rue
piolWHloiiH becoming thua tided with incompetent
nobodies, while good mechanics and ugrictiiturisbi
i are scarce. He then ridiculed the absurdity of
American aristocracy, as there could lie no dlsttno- j
I tlou of birth, the only distinction bring the dls-
I tinctioa or wealth, and tiiat soon n*> m liaeif i
I up In the course of a lew generation*, i
1 But there lu a nobility attainable In this country.
be continued, ami that la ilio nobility of honest toil,
the nohliltv of tnought and the nobility of soul. All
work In noble, and the degrees ef nobleness are in
creased by the way in which the work is performed. I
Home young ladles curl their Hps at the I
Idea of a mechiiuio, and prove their vulgarity
ny marry lug a profligate or a fool W ho
are mechanics f They are those
who have
nanged the race ot civilization and handled 'he I
I levers thai have moved the world. Higher still I
i than the nobility of work Is the nobility of thought.
Men value the offspring of ihoaght more than the
grea'.ext manual dexterity. In schemes or uiere I
utility tho simplest screw may no of more
account than trio "Midsummer Night's
Dream;" but in tho realms of impalpable
thought, v/here men have dwelt tor ages, J
the poem la morn than "Archimedes' lover." A
i man becomes noble just as hu assimilates and rerro- J
duces truth. Nolue thought, is right, geuercua,
true. Tho man of pompous assertions has always
t he meanest and narrowest of I noughts, because,
instead of drawing them from Hie realms ol truth,
he takes them Irom too the attenuated confines of
i his own soul. There are nianv noble flMSB VtO
dwell In humble pla n, inuuv salute who have
no niche, many martyrs who have no palm.
Have noeoufldcuco la Ul;n who suys lie lias no laith
In man or woman. MM BCW, WMttVW their
wealth, whatever their power, whatever their
j genius, are essentially and truly vulvar. There at<t
too many bad great men and too many small good
men. W hat we are Pi strive for Is to cull unto a
nobility of purpose in all our actions, a htrgen**e
and generosity In our thoughts and n universal
?ympa'hy in our soul* These are the Wder* of
i Mobility. i
AMERICAN GEOGRAPHICAL SO IE IT.
I'hlfl very learned and nscful body, which ha* us
rooms in Mio apartments formerly devo'ed to
the use or the Ihyan Gallery, Cooper tn-ntuie,
met Hut evening for the purpose of listen
lug !o a very interesting lecture by Mr. J.
Cnrsoi Brevoort on the "Yorazr.auo Map,"
riupltcato copies of whim had bon promoted t<> the
learned socluiy by the College Propaganda do Ptde,
ut Ito.lie. The Hewn ling Necreiary ii-urc| the
lliiui.n reporter that this wis ft favor *?i
dotu accorded, ovnn to govermnoMs, and wus
a particular compliment to me society. Ajrioiig
c. Murphy, .iii'tgn
thoMt present were Mr. tlenry C. Mnrphv, Judge
llenrv K. Davfcs, Protegee* Lleber, Henry L. PI' rre
pour. M. Paul IIu Chauia and others. 1'ho lecture
pout, I
was an able and oanansuve one, and was iistem-d
to throughout w"B much attention by a select audi
once. At in?t conclusion Mr. Honrv C. Murphy pro.
p<>se?l a vnie of ihanKa to the looturor wlu> ii wo
adopted unanimously.
MINISTER EOHENCK'8 WASHINGTON R|;?i
PENCE.
raoT, S. Y. J ov. jT, is71.
To rim Kin run o: rim JIkrai o:?
IJKAit Sin?My attention has been called to rtie
letter of your Washington correspondent dated No
vember 23, in which he sure It Is alleged that the
resilience of tloneral Bchenck In Washington "wsi
presented to him whlio Chairman of the Committee
ofWais audi Moans, by Mr. John A. UrlRWold, of
Troy." Lest some or your renders may receive us
nu ll 'Uls unalloyed coinage of tliu brain, 1 beg, auh
your permission, to say turongh the columns of your
paper hi iho allegation lias not-a shadow of a
ohm'' of truth. My personal acquaintance with
cvneral Acheuck and association with litin lu ton
arissiiH a fellow iitemicr of the committee of
Wave and Minns places hiru, in my estimation,
among the very last who could uo Influenced t?v
tuipro:?er consliierations for his acts, ofli. iai or
pOtsoual. Very truly, A c..
JOHN A. ORIbWOLH.
WYOMING 8AY8 THEY SHALL NOT HAVE IT,
Chrybnnb, Nov, 27, 1S7I.
1 he bill for the repeal of female raflYage In
Wyoming passed the Council to day, the vote being
fvo yeas to four Mgh
HURTING THE RED HER.
Unpad State* Troon* on a Raid Against the In.
diana in Texaa-Intereiiting Account of
Their Encounters and Exploit* A Ro.
view of the Aot* cf the Arizona
Apache* and the Effect Hum ne
Treatment Has on Them
H ahiiixoton, D. Nov. an, is7t.
tiin following general ord<T, detailing fbe siiecea*
thi operation* of otir iroops against ilio ho-dilo In*
dlain, published ill recognition ol the energy ami
good conduct displayed by ino troop* who took
part In ilie various expeditions, has occn forwarded
to the War DcparUu -nt Irom the headuoarters of
i no Department of Texas:?
?tii't.iin a. it. Chartce, sixth cavmrv, mil for
KitliiiMmio, November IJ, l*7i, In command of a
Hinail ncmu. Ju*t iiRiore <lark on tin' Hilt of No
vember a p?i i v nt twelve Coinuunie Indian* wis
''overi i and prom| iiy charged. running Unlit
ensiled, tint ii.irKii put a stop to the skirmish
All i i" shot j a i I-.- iircd while Hip hor ph ol the In
dian* and ol i'i troop* were at full gallop. Seven
uinuiui were caplnvi'd.
nr*t Lmut< uunt P. m. Hoehin, Fourth cavalry, on
I n itiirtv day*' scout from Foit Bicnard*oii with
iwonij-live nn'ii m t'ompauy A, Fourm cavwlry, dm
cover' I May no, INTL a hunting party ut (oar (lo
in inches on 'lie nit life between (tie i.ra/m and too
Big WachltA. and killed one Indian and hi* borne.
One man and two lior tn ol LluuUuiaiit iioelnn'*
puny were slightly wotindcd.
Lieuteuaui Colonel W. it-Mbanvr, of the twenty
iiuirtli Infanlry, with a force of six onicer* of me
Twciii.i'-innriii Infantry ami Ninth c.cali'i. invent)
flvoeiiliHiort nieu or the Ninth cavalr, and two
guide* 11*0111 Fort* Davis aim stocKion. left varil 1 a
spring* on June .'i. 1871, and marelu I in a north
erly direction iicm tile I eeisi into ilieSUiktd IMalU.
011 June .'Ml the >-coat encountered a small p-u ty of
1 Apache* mid e.uptuied one ludlaii, ii.Ktoi-ii animals
ami all 1 Uclv en up e.jmp 1 ie.
Sergeant 1>. 'larringion, of rompnny v|, Kigli'n
j cavalry, with ten men to Company At, leu sari Auto
1 11 to for the vli nitty ot limulr a Pie-* ou J line 47, 1*71.
<m .1 illv 4 ho loiiiui ami 11 tacked a muihii party of
Indian* 'vtin were drli 1 dg out a herd of It ir*oc ami
j succeeded In '.vonutligg two nidluu* and recapturing
1 fortv-aeveu htc as.
1 l'lils small p.my 01 soldiers wn* handled in a
most vigorous 01 in 1.or Irom tho start. Ptie ser
goani aecniM to have kept ins men 111 satid.e all day
and had bis lioi Mc* *btsl hy candle light.
borgeatil llari ingtou report* unit, while the cltt
zcus m the vicinity of Kitndera were very anxious
1 to lie protected Irum the Indians, wittiibe ex
1 uepUon of Mr. (islhtglior umt v?r. tiotiinan, nout, of
j tin-in would guld' his party through the country or
uhhimI. 111111 in any m him r.
I First Lieutenant W. c. Hcmphtll, Fourth -uvalrr.
1 in oomiuand ?d Company l-'oar h r ivalry, left lor
Fori Cono.io July hi, 1871. 1111 me 15th of J11I1 a
small party or Indian* were diacovere 1, Ml 01 whom
escaped, mriflf I11 the ftsnds of tos scout* MMg
saddles, animal* and about one liuudred bead of
citillo.
LIculeiiuiH Itoiiiphill and his coinuiaiid are insiiy
commended lor inoir energy by the Post com
mander.
Captain F. W. Cnuidul, Twenty-fourth infantry,
with Second Lieuteuaui. Uardunr, l wenty-fourth
Hifiiiiiry; forty men ot Company A, Twenty-fourth
infantry, and twelve urn of 1 ompanv M. sunn e*v
alvy, lull Fort McKaiictt July lb, isn. Julv :u, they
fell 111 with .1 small party of Indians and killed one.
tupiuln J. IT. C'ous, Twcuty-iouit.il luiamry, ivitu
a command con*l*ting or Second Lieut. nam J. l?.
Hullls, Twenty-fourth infuntrr, with iorty-*lx men
ot t'onio-ny B, Twenty-fourth infantry, and ten
men of company M, Ninth cavalry, 1 ft Fort
Alekiincli August is, i*Ti. on the 1st 01 September
Lleulonant liuilis, at a distance from the main party,
with four privates of Company M, Ninth cavalry,
discovered three Indian* driving a herd ot ahout
tlitee hundred cattle. I.leiitcu 1 ut Hulli* attacked
Hi once and recaptured the herd. The Indians were
pressed clo*e|y ahout a mile, when they 101 nod a
parly of fifteen more Indian* an t stopped lo make
a fight upon the top of a lull. Itciug soon joined ay
ten more, unking In all twenty cignt. Indian*,
nontenant Bnllii, with lit* four man. attacked tnem
and iiuuiiininril Hie light lor upward* ot thirty min
utes, but fontnl ti linnoKrdole to dislodge tiieiu, and
retired, taking witii linn a second herd of cattle
which the ludinn* bad collected, numbering ahout
two hundred.
Captain 1). Kchooioy, Twontj-flftb Infantry, with
second Lieutenant P. Kellther, Twentv-Uith in' -n
try; twenty-seven men of Company L, Ninth cav
alry. and seventeen citizens, including tho well
known Indian lighter named "Ban," left Port Dun
can on September 22, l*7r, In pursuit of ludUins who
were raiding tin the vicinity, The trail was round
and followed with *uch energy mat before noon ol
the 2?Jd t ho Imlkin* were In sight, near the 111011IU
of Las Morns Creek; but owing to the fuet
that the Indian* were continually mounting frc*h
nor*-'* and dtopplng the Jaded one* tnc scout
could not lorce them to a tight, and wa* barely ahl*
j to keep iiicni in Hight lor a distance of about tortf
mite* farther, wlieu the ludlooa succeeded In elu-l
1 lug purr all. t'lio scout recaptured thirteen am
I Will*.
i Tlir Trt tarlirt ?u? tpm'hi K Ai'ir.oun.
I A private letter ironi h neuticinitii of intellijrouoh
and hit;ii cliWActer, residing at Tucaon, Arlzmia,
contains the following interesting rofurcBce t?
recent events in that quarter:?
Tim atitoccdciiis aud record of Urnrral Crook at ?*i t
I continent arsm im c 1 list ho <mild, and a* certainly W 'lid, If
not Interfered with, bring these Apache outrage* in an end,
i ami place thesu inos>. meirllr** 01 so rage* Into poultice of
I entli" iiiiliniliHiiiii and order. Th? tienural ttl aloud
j hi* task eneigetn ally. Wherever In; could intd
I liapineiil* of lie race diapoiad to tr at, or tvm to talk over
i their supposed grievances, he assured iu-m of hi* great and
I uo<|uallflad dc.ire for pr-ioo. and urged them tlixiatntijr to
no operate with him In bringing the recall itren' and openly
i he 'lgersnt to terioa of amity liirourb negotiation If pos
sible, otherwise by active war measure*.
Magili, the well known chief, and his entire band
I rotoate.t that they could n d have peace a moment
I loo soon, and aa an evidence of sincerity he enlisted
twenty-Ova of lua mimed iU follower*, and put ihom
I promptly ri the war path. The result, there waa eyerv re?.
i n In anti-dp ite, er.aned at onca. Magiei and bla men were
at whi* w.ih nil lint Indi.nn hostile to the whiten, and aa a
I mailer of sell preservation were hound to he faithful alllaa
1 of ours. Ilia plar* were so well laid and ao far matured
I iliat in laita I'oiii a half year more than onn bilf of the
I Apachat would have been langed on the.ahla of the whllca,
tnd at the eml of the year wa should hays had a lasting
tisare.
At this point Mr. Vincent Cotyer appear* I on the e-iena,
and hy ilia profuse use of I rtbes and present*, Induced
many of the Hostile Indian* lo come In. They came In, but
it waa as toipiaroii dk< 'atli g terms or uoace. Hy I'olye.r'a
pollrv, a* you will have already lour mil. thoj were induced
lo oe le. o that, aa a! ee of the gornrriment. they were at war
with the olilrcna, and ih*t ihey were authorized to come and
draw Ave dare' rations at any Hum and depart aa they
pleased.
A respo' ?lh!a army oth er at Kurt Oram told m* yesterday
that tt would t.e .pilie poaatbln, and even easy, for Coohiaa to
uiorder ereiy mm in lucaon, and. by hastening to Kurt
Irani, Wive ample uroiectlon and receire ahun taut ra
tion*. ttli'oi, last .luuo, the Indiana left fort Urant 'liey
bad not gone two mile* from the poet before
ihev murdered a farmer uameJ McHenaie. Tim
i Inef laid ''uilyei tbnt he killed turn with hhl
own bar !a, ad tb it sobeeqileiiilv ha healed the
attick on lbs train w dc.h ('apt* Id Smith wa* escorting at a
po'ol some thirty nil)?n aou'h of this plsoe. A aentleiaan
aupieaiedtn t'olyer the aavnge ch.gr noould ne turned
i ovrr ro th" vil nilhoi ute* for trial, but t o|ynr refused, alley.
log there bad'i?en ret i.iatton enough, and continued to ro*
r t 'hi* a*'1;" .nary villein a? an especial I ti aortic. prawns
mg loin a ilk a red sach In testimony of r aped lor his
l I rerery.
I At Ap.iehe, wnn-'ini* *iuci', au Indian speared and ki'leg
Mi Itedaian, antler of tn< post, a man of high character
i tloiyrr telu*ea to hear a word unfayorable to the I ml'ins.
and ha*behaved to the i tlvoaaalf lh*v ware thieve* and
_ ._ report
murderers, and will soon uuf'eetionablv poolish a leimrt
ad li rate! to the people ol Ihe United States con
vi ring Ihta injurious impression. Hovernor Hal
VI Vlll| IHII Hljdl I ?aai i a vaaioM.
ford has sven waued a iiroclaeian .n In tba
he 1
[_...? amill, I" Mxtoua wa? re that I'olyo,- thouhl
be m?l with a spirit ol klndneae, well knowing fiat If lie
would listen with an? degree ol falni-sa ho rouhl bo satisfied
i that Ihe people wrro well.?n>enlng and after Ion* year* of
experience certainly moat snow more of the Indian* than
i he possibly could, lei lie liar treated the citivena wtlh un
dl*g"'sed contf mi t, and. a* I am red I lily informal, baa per
*l*i"tii!y rl liiuJeil thu (lotarnor's *0 irt* to on
laln a frtsndly meei ng and a friendly nndurstoml
mg. It w< ui t almost ?mn aa if ha wlslcd
to dries our nruple to mhiMH eoare orert aids, in order thai
the Indian King ir.lg.ttf aie loatenal to keau up Hie prej
<To* out fron c'suo n, and tberel y coiillooc lb Ir phui
Osrn. ScU? me* ii the name of b luuti.fty and charity lor the
i oor lu lian
Hut to return lo e onr Indian. The most lavage
and lrutat 'r ntrd wltn the meat inark'-d
atnenesa. Poor M ell, who waa our m si fallk
lul ally, ami hi* people arc in constant lear ol
be>ng murdered hv t'oty-r'a |ieti. who are fed and clothe.) at
CampAiui.be. fbo o! I fellow is despondent, unl aay*
.r r? .o ^?ocfai
fur Ir on els ah ance wl'.li 'he wnl'i proving heO'liC
him, b* flu'lint th worst savages, bis enr i.ies,
fed sod car* I for f sr better than he end hie trl i
who era In hourly leer of being ma*, .acred
I* It
_ of that very alliance. I* It any won
der that wo feci a little discouraged r W-, who ha-s
striven to levelop Ar'ron*, Intve isft to us IIHIt bat B? ,?i
conleoipwllo'i of led .'elds and freeb-inudo grave* of
mnv of mit Ml irlcnua I am not naturally of a despond
ing tamperamaa hut I assure yon fiat Celyer's po luy must
his spoil Ionsd, of III* jeopla Will be oluigad lo a'lau lon
tb* cotiQiry.
NEW HAMPSHIRE ELECTIONS.
I'ori?uioiiili I arvl'-d by lb* RrpuMirxn-,.
PORTSMOUTH, Nov. 28, IS71,
I li? cltjr election rCHOltfl In n republican victor/,
Horion I?. Walker w.ia elected Mayor by ail ma
jority, In a vote oi 1,7.14.
t here in a great ropabil-uii pain over hud -pring.
Mx republicans aud two deutoeraui wcr- elected
A derincu.
THE NEW JERSEY ELBCTION.
iklnton, Nov. J*. is7i.
The sraie Canvassers met today, ami they and
the Governor declared the official result to be:?
Parker, st*,W2; Walsh, 76, *8. Parker'* majority,
3,t?77?.
CHICAGO.
li?Mll|?liiw the nine of IN Kirr? Awouo*
tin hud l?r tho HiilTerwr* to
CllICAOO, Nov. 28, 1871.
During (ho Investigation to-day Info toe origin 0)
Die lire u witness stated that Hie old part of me
Court Houso roof whs tar covered, aud that tha
cornices wero ail of wood, rendering u an easy
matter for tno roof to ignite.
Dp to thLs date iho Chicago Relief and Aid So
rlety has received J^Aos.ooo c.tah for the heueilt ol
the HOithrers by tho llro. The couirihuUooa cant#
oom law kutso and Termor Is*