rMORNAjWTREMim «WEt
whoal noRm 'ir new MLMi«r""
JOBS'S WIFE.
*&J «l ber tirsoui,
Pskt
KtfWkow."
Jwr JobD—
I'm ilansitig on."
But amuse each ot
asssw
ne'er see wi
■We i
»Mass,sp»h*i
what we're sta
ataadtoreu:"
s ji mNn lfledminroal
Bothto* but toil tertUshlru.- she said.
TiU I semetUMS wish, that i were fcai.
If I might cast this wealth aside,
dud be, once more, thb peer man's bride
From his easy chair, spoke gentleman John—
We ne'er «e^ j^|l what we're standing on."
THE STIWABOE88' STORY.
|From the Overland Monthly tor October.]
It was night on the Atlantic, and the
-Is—dees sf Ska ■MnnsS^Bhr
was preparing b
passengers ba
when her attei
nil the lady
to {heir berths.
nassencers bavins ran
ntionVas called by a low tap
at the cabin door. It Mamed to be given
by cautious fingers, unwilling to be beard
farther than was necessary; and supposing
it to be a warning from the steward that it
was time to put out the lights she glanced
at her watch m s urpris e, and then going to
the door, she excl_____
"Why, Mr. Green, it
not eleven yet,
and I M> not quite randy. Wait a bit!'
"It ia not Mr. Green,"/, replied a voice oat
aide. "I want to speak to you, Mrs. Ford.
May I come in 1"
VP*, certainly, madam,"'wtefee
diato apply, as Mrs. Fonl opened the&6or
to one of (he lady passengers. The young
wom a n entered, and, after carefully closing
thedOor, she nadreswd Ike stewardess in a
low, enufloua tone, while bolding and turn-1
ing over a long, thin parcel, which she drew
out from a towel loosely w r apped around it.
"Mrs. Ford, will you pnt this in your
trank for ^e t
harbor to-morrow,
this little parrel overhauled at the custom
house. Dbputi
YoU say we shall, be in the
ow, ana we don't to have
overhauled at the custom
put It hi your trunk till we can
take it quietly ashore."
Mrs. Ford hesitated. Of eonrse, it was
not her burinem to disoblige passengers;
bat then smuggling was dangerous, and
this looked something uaosmmonlv lib* it.
8tiU, the l a dy who made the request was
well known to the stewa r dess, and seemed
particularly friendly to her.. It was not the
first Mam the and her husband had crossed
the Attention the sum ship, so they-were
lances as to seem
_ _______ >ver,this time Mr.
and Jfrs. Seaton had an additional charm for
Mrs, Ford, being
fant son, s fine, li
year old. Mrs. 8ej
on plea of sickness, i
aadtke
mpsnied by their in
little fellow, i
,about a
L the stewardeM had
eerf on to become nurse to
stsskkk;
moM o/the voyage,
filed by the ate
child, s ehargO
eerf on to become nurse to
she gladly accepted, and fulfilled with
child, s ehargO
continned,
of oneself."
_ said- Mrs. Beaten, smiling
blandly; "goodness! this is no smuggling
Its just the most innocent little machine in
the world. 1 am sure, kind as youliave
been to us, I wsuld he toe last penon to be
so mean as to injure yon. I guess it will do
yon no harm, any way. It wonld be too un
kind toget yon teto trouble, when yon have
been so good to Freddy, all along/'
"I am sore yon were welcome to anything
that she hesitated, Mrs. Seaton
a half careless, half flattering
told my husband yon were so good
natured, I was sore yon wonld oblige ns in
a trifle of this kind: out of course, if you
would rather not, there is an end of too mat
ter. We hope, if wa are not disappointed,
to make quite a fortune for little Freddy.
Bnt if this is injured by carelessness," and
here she again glaaced at the parcel in her
hands, "my husband would be awfol mid."
"I would be very glad to oblige yon,
madam, hat it woala be awkward, if i got
mi xed np with any smuggling matters.
The company would dismiss me nnd one
think of
------darling, madam;
but it is quite another thing"—
"Yes, yes; I know that. But bless yon, it
will not hurt you. It is a qiapIiwm. f or
_ m ________ ____ __
pnt up with its being spoiled; bnt I guess
they will never interfere with vou."
m a kin g spools, and my husband wants to
patent it in the States: but then it is in just
such n condition now that if it be meddled
with it will be ruined, that's all. If they
do, by any chance, get hold of it, we must
ut up with its beii
hey will never inter____________
Mrs. Ford remembered now) that, during
the last voyage, Mr. Seaton had particularly
admired a new kind of spool which be had
aamirea a new Kina or spool
seen in her workbox, ana had_________
questions concerning it; so she concluded
that it was in the manufacture of similar
articles he was at present engaged, and,
without farther hesitation, she took the par
cel The great weight of the article, com
pared with its balk, surprised her as she re
ceived it; it being, as she supposed a thin
bar of iron, about six inches broad and two
feat long, bat not apparently msch thicker
than a rfeee of cardboard. She thought of
thto qs she hud itin the top of her trunk,
asked several
___________ _ ___ __
having a misgiving whetherTt might aot I
in seme way, injure the apparel beneath
yet she felt unwilling to secrete it further'
under the circumstances. Her visitor, with
many thanks, retired, and Mrs. Ford soon
forgot the matter in sleep.
Late in the afternoon of the following
day, as they drew near the end of tbmr
voyage, just before going ashore at the
voyage, just before going ashore at the
customhouse, Mrs. Seaton sought another
tete-a-tete ipith Mrs. Ford. She held in her
hand two letters, and, offering them to the
stewardess, asked if she wow slip them in
ber pocket, "And besides," she continned
"I want you to come ashore with Inc!
to come ashore with hie,
tremble/' 7 reddy you do not mind toe
Mrs. Ford replied that she had no objec
tion, bnt that she was afraid she might not
have time.
"Now, there's a good soul," cried Mrs.
Beaton, "do say you will, right away. I
am in trouble; and I am sure, when you
taw it, you will leave the under-etew
ardess to fixup all around, and just do as I
ask. Now listen; my husband has got him
self to a tight place, just now, and f guess I
shall have enough on my bands as soon as
we get ashore. We know there's a police
man waiting for him."
"A policeman!" cried Mrs. Ford, in
"Oh. never frighted yomWf," replied
Mrs. SeaUm, with her bland smile; "it is
nothing of any consequence. You must
know, ne holds a situation nnder the gov
ernment, and he has got wrong in his ac
counts. It is not much, but he will be ar
rested as soon as be steps ashore, and all
the business of getting my things through
will fall on me. 8o, you see. I do want a
friend, and I shall feel real bad if you do
not help me."
"But this arrest!" exclaimed Mrs. Ford,
who wondered at the composure with which
the wife spoke of such n catastrophe, so
alarming to her own ideas.
"Well, of coarse, we had rather it should
not happen," was the reply; "but what's the
use of thinking of that T- The real thing is
to get out of it as quickly ns possible. Mr.
Seaton has friends who Will come forward
rightaway, just as soon as they know it,
and that is why I want yon to carry these
letters ashore for me. Put them in jour
pocket, there's a good sonl, and keep them
"111 ask for them, and Mr. Seaton will not
be in this difficulty more than a few days.
What it would be if I could not mail those
letters at trace, I really can not say."
Mra Ford slipped-the letters Into the
pocket of her loose sloth jaeket, and ar
raugrag w:iu the under-stewardess that she
would be back as soou as possible, prepared
do accompany- Mrs. Seaton at once
They reached the slme, and, after land
ing at the customhouse wharf, as Mrs.
Seaton ban tiriicurafi-d. policeman qnickly
arrested her iir-i. ,nd, who qniekty walked
off with kftTi. niter exchanging a significant
with, l;is Wife
whispered sh- u, Mis. Fora, who had beat
fejtto
fSTthe bereaved wife in great distress!
steps i» hutd f with the chiff in her
hot who now drew near, expecting to
n B«*>gnificsnt
I fold yon so,"
dlifV
I
wl
i in (viw.
aid, quite carelessly, she
iye duty to pay for those
site ready to do sa^ She
wi
her boxes.
.________ rather ostentatiously certain ne
articles of apparel, and drew the officers' at
tention to her silks and gloves.
"Oh, yea," she said
knew she would have
things, sad wm quite
Jfo4 so Wish to SX
The officer eyed her
closed eyes, nnd eontini ____
with minute care, unite different from the
usual process. Nothing, however, of im
portance seemed to b* fee result; the mat
ter of duty was not very complicated, and,
when the necessary step* had been taken,
Mrs. Seaton draw Rm. Kurd toward the
great gateway and prepared to quit the
wharf in mental triumph.___
"This way, if yoa pleUse. ladies," said
another officer, who now stopped for
to meet them. "We most trouble y<
closed the door.
Here stood two women whom the stew
ardess immediately recognized as female
M arc h ers sod some w ha t s t a rt le d at what
had occ urr e d she aaid at #nce there'mfist
be some mistake, she was stewardess of
the City of-, and was anxious to rerffra
on board at once, having come on shore
only to carry Mrs. SeatonVbaby.
"Yon shall go as ebon as we have done
with yon," replied the sehreber, with some
thing of n sneer; "but whether on heard or
not depends on other matters. Cohe, its ne
use resisting," as Mrs. Ford. tnedJa evade
■fee-hands which b e ga n at oneotoremdtO
her outer olothing.
"It is no-nee, indeed," said Mrs. Seaffe,
who seems to treat the w&bte thing kith
Sha,ladled.
ugh his half-1
bis examination
walk this way for a minute. Allow me'
and bowing and backing as if he had been
of the chambers escorting s princess.
ushered them into a small room ana
moet serene SJSSU,. although any on
ed her carefully would hav
»he said. "We have not the first bit of
smuggled goods about bat at least I On
answer for myself; nnd as for you, as you
h ad n onotion of coming ashore, exeept to
one
who had watched her "carefully would have
seen an anxious glance at Mrs. Ford's cloth
Jacket. The searchers took it off, threw it
on the bench, and Mrs. Seaton, with af
fected carelessness, immediately laid over
it a large railway rug which she had on
her arm. "My good Mrs. Ford, yon and I
know it wiR-nseleto'to aharbh either of ne,"
she said. "We have not the first bit of
cany Freddy, why, of qoorse, yon have not
either. Freddy is not renfraband, sup
pose," she added, laughing; so I guess toe
good ladies will have their trouble for their
print- Take it easy, do now; there's a_good 1
print- Take it easy, do now; there's a_good
..i t
But it was no use saying "Take it easy"
to Mrs. Ford. It most be an exc eed ingly
unpleasant operation, I should imagine,
being searched by strange woman, who
strips her victim in n com, business-like
way, regardless Mike of shyness nnd deli
cacy. The stewardess knew that it was
uncalled for, and felt it at* insult. Even to
pnsaencere the thing ic rarely done, unless
M l iu ~1MJ ■S U Z p trfB U r-eftWBMtoEBHKrnBil
she having been
oat ever passing
raid not su
•Am in that port with
tosougk the searchers'
wmiW not submit qutetiy? She putoed
away the coarse hands which intruded on
herwomenty feelings of delicacy. She shrank
from the examinatios.sbe erica, she sob bed,
she grew bysteriesl; nnd, her nervous ex
citement being mistaken lor guQti Ihe was
in consequence subjected to a more rigor
ous examination. Every part of her cloth
ing was felt; even her hair-and her boots
were examined, whjte each mqifkent shq be
came more painfull} agitated, and her sobs'
trad eateries grew louder.
The process was nearly completed, and
she was about half dress ed again, when the
uproar in the little room attracted attention
without. For, added to Mrs. Feed's by s
toriest'sereams, were the remsmrfanuoes of
the searchers, delivered in the highest kiy
of a Yankee voice, the'attempt ot soothing
on Mrs. Seaton's part, and the load cries of
Master Freddy, who would not be pdeMed
I after the strange bands of prase,wqmgn had
meddled With his own little person. The
nowo arrested the attention of two penoms
passing by, who opened the door suddenly
and lookedin. 5
"What are you dqjqg to my stewardess r
tte o»»ta»n of Hie City of-, who
recognized beryoice^
oll Captain Stehhit, Captain Stebbit
she cried, no soon as sheisaw him. "See
what they are doing, tome; they've been
i
by sbbe, and she was half ctrfkfd by her
tears.
'Why, what's all the row about T.' ashed
Captain Stebbit, who was the jollieat, most
food humored man in the world. "What
wardess been doing 1 She ft no
Here," added be, turning to his
companion, "your ship is close at hand;
could yon not step on board and bring us
your stewardess. They are finghteninr
Mrs. Fotd into fits, and she needs a friem
to look after her. Yon know Mrs. Lock
well; he wil1 come to von."
The summons to Mrs. Lock was answered
by herself immediately, and in consequence
of her presence, Mrs. Seaton, who had her
by herself immediately, and in consequence
of her presence, Mrs. Seaton, who had her
own private anxiety about the letten in
Mrs. Ford's pocket, had no chance to ask
for them, for Mrs. Lock hurried her friend
away on board her own boat, and Mrs. Sea
ton was left to her own devices.
It was some time before Mrs. Ford recov
ered her equanimity. The disgrace which
she felt had been put upon her made her
I absolutely ashamed to be seen, and even
wtien K 0 °d-humored Captain Stebbit paid
lier a visit and joked with her about smug
Kl rs anJ searchers, she was too much over
cw e to »l4T-,
Unconsciously that same evening she pat
ber bands in her jacket pockets, and as she
Bn *tcbed them out, she exclaimed: "Good
pacious! if I bav'nt got those letters still
nere that lira 8eaton gave ms. What shall
1 do witb them |H
s be will come for them, T exp«ct/re
Mra Look, when she bad beard the
,tor y- would keep them till eh* does."
bad another jm
Er own shippaJd her a
about passengers to impart!
wbat happened to Mint friend of-ynurs, that
fellow Seaton _
"Yes. I know he was arrested. That is
how I got into this trouble," and Mss. Ford
proceeded to repeat to Mr. Park the particu
lars which Mrs. Seaton had confided to her.
"A very pretty story," laughed Mr. Park,
"only it happens that none of it is true, hat
the arrest. He was caught, and detainedrah
a charge of forgery."
The two stewardesses, dntob with the un
expected news, stared inquiringly at Mr.
"Yes," continned he, "on a charge of be
longing to a gang of forgers who have been
passing counterfeit greenbacks. I suppose
von know nothing about that, Mrs. Ford
Not an accomplice, bey f"
Mrs. Ford hesitated a moment, and then
drawing from her pocket the letters in
tPIl&Ud mLa ■LhkaJ. i aL am a.— At
"'•"a vw ffiEBp' EffiV BUUWYX1 luvD' fw vuO
others, and asked what she had better do.
The steward examined their exterior for
a mo| Bent; then, withbdt any remark, opea-^
ed read them in anxious silence, the
two lad ,e looking on in a state of suspense.
He had no sooner read them than he tore
them carefully into toe minutest fragments
and scattered them ont of the win
dow, where the tiny morsels fluttered away,
and were soon lost beyond all possibility of
detection in the waters of the dock.
"What were they I" gasped Mrs. Ford, in
great alarm.
"Evidences of his guilt, which, foand 6A
yon, would have been considered proof vou
were an accomplice, and given you a share
of his probable twenty years in the State's
"Good gracious!" cried Mrs! Lock; "vou
don't say so. Why, my dear, what an es
cape you have had."
"Yes, indeed: what on escape. They
were in pocket when I was searched."
said Mrs.
faintly.
"Quite a providential occurrence," ob
served Mr. Farit, as people are apt to say
when they mean ap occurrence for which
there is special cause to be thankful. "I
strongly advise yon to ray nothing about
them to anv one at present."
It is not quite clear in my own mind
whether Mr. Park was justified in the
course he punned, or whether he ought not
to have retained fee letters, and headed
them over to justice as evidence against the
prisoner. He feared to co m p r omise Mrs.
wail known
^SSf
with
th
innocent enouia si
I prndent coarse to
I "But now, lool
when the last moi
belonged, she would have come to no
harm. However, they noted ad they be
lieved to he safest and best, and least
to involve inatoant parties; and ac
____ig to the rale, tut ft ia better the
guilty should escape rather than that the
innocent should suffer, it se e m e d the most
take.
_____ look here,?' teid Yte-Ford,
when the last monel of paper had disap
M 01 MMf 'Bftd digau
I peered, "there's another thing of theirs I
nave," and she told the story of the parcel
which was still in her trunk.
"Yon most get rid Of it, certainly," cried
Mr. Park, in great alarm. "There is no
telling what it may be.. Get rid of it at
"But how f My box is locked, and I have
the keys. Shall I go on board at once, and
throw it out of the window T"
"No, no. It might lead to anspieion, if
you went off in a harry. If they think yon
are a confederate, yon will be watched; and
it would not do for me, either, to go and
meddle with tout trank."
The three felt almost as if they were con
srgers themselves, as they
over what could be done to se
spifatore find
deliberated ov
cure the parcel thty believed so dangerous.
Mrs. Lock and the steward, influenced by a
no t un natural c a riosity; were extremely
anxious to inject the mysterious package;
bnt Mrs. Ford, who, in the event of discov
ery, was the one to fear the result, cared
for nothing so. much as being assured it
was forever concealed from sight. Let it
he what it would, nil she desired waa that
it sfaSuld be removed from the top ot her
trank, and lodged safely at the bottom of
the dock.
While they were considering ways and
means, n mess e nger strived from the cite of
the assistant stewardess! having^sent
their cabin boy to inquire for Mrs. Ford,
and ask some question in the way of duty.
This was a favorable opportunity. Mrs.
Ford sent off her keys by the boy Albert,
and requested Mr. Green, the cabin stew,
ard, privately to open her trank, take the
parcel lying on the top, and at once pitch
it info the river. In due time 'Albert
brought back a
had been compl
The evening i
her usual employment. Mrs. Green, the
steward, came to her, and* having ascer
tained that there was no one present, pro
duced the identical parcel which she nsd
belief ed was safely stowed away in the bed
of the river.
Oh, Mr. Green T' cried she, in perturb*.
'id yon deceive me, and keep
the line to which
brought book a mess age to say her orders
plied with, and tulwas cafe.
after Mrs. Ford's return to
tion. "why did yon deceive me, iu
that dreadful thing
"Mow do yon know it ia a dssadful thing?*'
MhJPH 1 <h»rit; pud I
thought, before threw it
I
ongbt, before .we. threw u we
MhJPH 1 <h»rit; pud I
thought, before threw it
I
ongbt, before .we. threw u away, we
would just see what ft was all about. I
wiH call Park, new, and he will just take a
look before we 'make it leap over. We can
threw it away any time."
Th own the truth, Mrs. Ford herself, al
though perfectly convinced that the con*
tents were equally dangerous and wicked,
inch afraid of being invi'
I scrape, had vet to great a
her un
ion. bo
curiosity that skf» was not jJtogctl
willfiig to proceed to an invwttigatii
and very much afraid of being involTed in
some dreadful
curiosiljr, tl
wilferto'
when Fork" joined them, they unfastened
the cord and opened the package.
"Horn, 1 thought so," said Mr. Gree«.os
they on wrapped a copper plate for priming
forged ten miliar notes.
"I don't understand what it is," saidKre.
Ford, as she contemplated it.
Mr. Green explained, and added, that he
had understood that Seaton belonged to a
regular gang, who were waiting for his ar
rival, with this plate, to proceed over the
boundary to Canada, where they intended
to establish their headquarters, whence
they conld conveniently circulate these
frise notes.
"And so tost is the spool he intended to
make,- toe villain P said Mrs. Ford. "He
was nearly making a very tangled skein for
me, I am sore. Let's toss it overboard."
"Don't be in a hurry," said Mr. Green.
"Look here; this man is in prison now,
and they want to find evidence. If you
produce this, you will convict him at once;
if yon destroy it, yon allow him, perhaps,
to go at large."
"But if I produce it, tjiey will take me
for an accomplice, and I may be lynched, or
hanged; or imprisoned for life,'* exclaimed
Mrs. Ford. "No, no. I will run no risks of
the sort. Who knows what trouble I might
have!"
"She whould be certainly detained here
after we sail," said Mr.* Park, "and so lose
her situation, perhaps; or, at any rate, have
a whole peek of trouble; and, being Eng
lish, I think she might, likelyenough, have
some difficulty in establishing her perfect
innocence, I would throw it away and say
nothing, if 1 were she." So the dangerous
article was tossed out of the window, and
fell with a splash into the waters of the
dock, where it no doubt reposes in toe mud
at this da y.
Rad Mr." "Green'S"advice been followed.
Mr. Seaton- who,' it appe a red, had a few
other aliases for suitable occasions, would
not have been discharged in one week, as
he actually was, in default of evidence, and
set at liberty to begin some other fraudu
lent notion.
lent notion.
It was not till after his discharge that
Mrs. Ford ventured to put her foot ashore,
so terribly was she slarmed lest toe should
be in some way involved in his guilt. But
one evening, a few days before the City of
-was to start, she did venture into the
city nnder the escort of Mrs. Lock. To her
great surprise, as they were walking up
Broadway, they met Mrs. Seaton herself,
who, instead of trying to avoid her, stopped
and spoke to her. There was not much cor
diality on the part of the English woman,
but Mrs. Seaton was perfectly composed
and very friendly, and assured her that it
bad all come about just as she had expected.
Her husband had been set at liberty, and
was now quite well, and so was Freddy,
and she wonld be glad if the stewardess
would «onw and see theth; and wSuld she
bring that little parcel she left with her on
board the steamer? Mrs. Ford looked her
full in the face, equally amazed at her
audacity, and enraged at toe iqjury so
nearly done to herself.
"If yon wish for that parcel," she replied,
as soon ss she could speak, "you most look
for it at the bottom of the dock, for you will
find it in no box of mine."
A dark expression passed over Mrs.
Seaton's face, as she answered: "Do you
mean yon threw it away, woman? How
dared yon do so with my property I"
"Ana how dared yon give me your for
geries and cheats to take care of, Mrs.
Seaton? How dared yon try to bring me
into your scrapes? I am not at all obliged
to you, I can tell you, and don't ever wish
to sail in the same boat with yon again.".
"Hnto, hush said Mrs. Seaton, fright
ened at her Ian,
companion. "I
there's no occasion
boon in no danger; yon are quite mis
taken."
"I have been in danger, and I am not
mistaken: and Mrs. Lock knows as well as
I what that parcel was. And we threw it
out into the dock, having no mind at .all to
be concerned in your business. So yon will
never see it again."
"And if you knew what it was, were you
really such a fool as to threw it away?
Whv.you might have made your fortune by
it. We would have given yon any share of
the profits yon liked to name, to get it
back; and you have really lost such a
chancel"
"I don't want any shares either in your
profits or your prisons, Mrs. Seaton/'ex
claimed the stewardess, strong in indig
nant and outtoged honesty. "I should have
been far more likely to have one or the
other, and I should nave deserved it, be
sides, ss much as you."
"Well, you are a fool with vour honesty,"
said Mrs. Seaton, with an impertinent laugh.
they ever met since.
A W a shin g to n eormpondett dT the St;
Louis Republican says:
A gentleman ju*t arrived in this city from
Montevideo, who confirms the report that
the d^ffitug revenue collector, Bailey, of
Hew York, is living in that place in afflto
«ree, ^.apparently on friendly terms with
""""fof there, Bailey states
ft* k .go t a de faulter, but had spent
lss gasums in ferreting oat frauds on the
»ad le ft the opuatiy*^ Id
ministretisaany embarrassment.
XJti
I
if
g*reuila» The Fart Mr. Tweed
Twh to Xi-How too Poppets Wei
Worted and Who Worked Them.
[From the Toledo Blade.]
CoiirUtir X Boas*,
(Wich is in the State of Kentucky). J
October 14, 1871.)
I ami it the sere and yeller leaf, and hev
seen mofenv polities, hut never in my life
did 1 av«r see a eonvenshun so beautifully
managed «s the late Democratic eonven
shun at Rochester, Noo York. I was there
by spesbel luvitashen nv my old friend
Deuua O'Shanghnessy, nv the sixth ward,
Noo York, who, since I left the Harp nv
£nn Sloon, hex improved wonderfully in a
worldly pint uv view. He wui then a hod
carrier qy profession and a repeater by
pmnMee. Ire attracted the- ntwetiod uv
Mr. Tweed hy bis zeal in votia, and hit
bravery m knockiq down opposisheu voters,
and wuz uv coarse reWhraed. He is non
assistant inspector nv musket triggers uv the
»i**h regimental armory, at a salary uv
f300 per piontb, skool inspector in the sixth
ward at a salary of $400 per month, and
thirty-second assistant law adviser to the
co mmi s si on for condemning private prop
erty, for streets and sick, at a salary $3000
per yew, besides which he hez a tenth in
terest in the contract for keepin the glass in
repair uv the two back winders nv two ar
mories^ antav which he made $lf),000 ia the
first six months. He waz tu hev bed the
contrack fur toe twa- front winders in addi
tion, but the raid the people nude on the
ring barfed that. He hez, however, invest
ed largely in city lots, and wears kid gloves
and a diamond ez big as a peacnetone.
Dennis said that ef the infernal Amerikens
and Germans kin be beat down and toe con
trol of Noo. York left with the Irish, where
it belongs, he will be tolerably well off in a
year oc -two.
Dennis, bein uv consequence in the party,
wurf of coarse, in the private counsels uv
the mansgsra uv the Stat** convenshun. He
and Tweed, Sweeny, Mayor Hall, Keyser,
Garwia and the enure convocashen wuz at
Rochester, though nobody kiiowed it. They
went in speehcl private car, and hed pri
vate rooms at the Osborne Hotel, with a
prirate wire rnnnin directly to the ball into
wicn the convenshun wuz held. It wuz the
most Impressive scene I ever witnessed—
one wife these old eyes will probablr never
u esy chair sot
look onto agin. Th'er in an esy
->ne man directing the deliberssnens uv a
lonvenahua nv the great State of Noo York,
mb brain thinkin for atliooeand, one hand
jmdin A thousand. He directed the con
venshun to cheer when Seymour 1 name wuz
announst ez a delegate, and they cheered;
he directed em to reject toe Tammany dele
gation from the city, and they wuz rejected;
ic directed em to do everything that wuz
I
a
a
done and they did it.
"My great sir," sed I, in astonizhmeat at
the power he weilrfed, "why don't you go
overtp the hall and direct the convenshun?"
"My gentle sir," retorted he, with a bland
smile, ez he-dictated a message directin uv
there s twv^undred nv my bands a clappin
vociferously at this minit. There's a great
many of me in that hall."
After the adjournment uv the convenshun
for dinner, the chairman of the committee
onrcsalooshens come into toe room to submit
the reaoloeshens they hed prepared, that
toqy might be shoor they wood meet Mr.
Tweed's idaes. The great tuan read em at
tenfively and handed uv em back.
"They won't do." sed he, sententiouslv.
"In What respeck are they faulty asked
the chairman, obsequiously.
"Woodent it be wjjjj enough," sed Tweed,
with a smile still more bland than the first,
"woodent it be well enough to pnt in a reso
looshen denouncin corrupsben, in general
terms, uv course, specifyin partikerlerly,
however, the especial corrupshen uv the
nasfanel government, and that uv States
which is nnder radikal control t"
The sublimity uv sirh a sejestion com:n
from Tweed struck the chairman all uv a
heap.
"Certainly I will, ef you wish it," sed he,
"but I sposed—that is, my idee wuz—in a
general way, yoo know, that the least sed
about corrupsben. in view uv—well, I an
jist now holding a place wich pays some'
thin like ten thou—but never mind, it shel
be done."
"Then agin." said Tweed, sniilin still
blander and with the faintest sejestion ov a
wink in his left eye, "I would sejest that
yon pledge the Democratic party to a hon
est and economical expenditoor nv the pub
lic funds!"
i The chairman turned pale with surprise,
but he-coincided. Everybody coincides with
Tweed.
"And while yoo are at it," continued the
great chieftain with' a smile, the blandnis
uv wich can't be deskribed, "yob hed better
pnt in n relosoosben denouncin the pro
■management wv mums fit
Noo York city,"but makin it,mind voo, ez
the legitimate result uv Radical legislasheu
four yeerq a go. Draw up this resolooshen
so ez to make it plain that it's me yoor driv
in at. without exactly namin me."
"Why, what shell we—"
"Don't go on, my friend," sed Tweed,
smilin a smile which for blandnis excelled
the most delishns Joon morning, "it's much
better to hev. tne corrupshen denounst by
ns than by the enemy, partikelerly ez we
know more definitely about it. And 1
wonld sejest that yoo hev a resolooshen,
boldly cliallengin a comparison between
the Repnblikin and Democratic administra
tifns uv the 8tate and city governments,
and (here he smiled with a blandnis which
was bevenly, ez he fingered a most gigantic
diamond on the little linger of his lett band,
and sipped a glass of champagne) any little
thing wich too kin throw in ez to the neces
sity return
sity uv a return to the simplicity uv our
Puritan fathers wood be well."
The chairman wuz too effected to say a
word, but he made the necessary notes,
and oas ti n on e look-uv as toni s hm ent at the
greatness of his cheef, who eat there smilin
blandly, retired from the presence.
But toe great man's work wuz not yet
done. He promptly telegraft every promi
nent Democratic editor and politisbn in the
State to denounce him in the bitterest
terms, and then tellin the convention who
to nominate and what else to do, went
borne.
There is sgreatness and a grandeur in this
man wich I can't sufficiently admire. Some
men wood be so puffed up with the possession
uv the twenty-five millions wich he hez made
ez to.insist upon an endorsement by the pa
through wlcn he made It, but not so with
Tweed. There ain't no vanity about him.
So long ez he hez the control uv the party,
he don r t care a cent whether he is publicly
recognized or not. Ez he remarkt to me ef
the way to my continuashen in power is in
dennneiashen nv me, very good, denounce
me. I kin stud it. I ain't the first
who, to getron, hez trampled over the dead
body nv his reputasben. I'd just ez soon
pull the wires behind the curtain ez to man
ipulate the pulpits in front uv it. I ain't
agoin to let personal vanity stand in the
way nv the grand success. I'm hoping for
next year. I'm a rather heavy load for the
party to carry jest now, and I'm going to
rrfeeve 'em—till after the Presidenahel ewc
shun."
Then I saw wat motive wuz actooatin the
Amerikin Napoleon, and I wuz agin /lost in
wonder. Whoever the Democratic nominee
is, he will simply be a shadder, of wich
Tweed will be the substance. Tweed will
be the power behind the throne, wich is
greater than the throne itself. And what a
gffirfbus pHwpect opens to nsf Think nv
a Democratik President in 1873, with Tweed
behind him! Think uv Tweed makin col
lectors and assessors, and postmasters, and
all uv them bein responsible solely to him!
Ef he hez made uv himself the revenues uv
one city, wat wiil he do when he hez the
nashen to bleed?
I shel to wunst cultivate pleasant rela
shens with Tweed. i
PETROLEUM V. NASBY,
(Wich wuz Postmaster.)
The Summit Times says:
It is fee intention of the people of this
town to build it np into a city sure enough.
The amount of building constantly going
on, and fee number of houses which have
lifted up, their ro*A since last spring is a
marvel to outsiders. Our people, attbeogh
they havn'tgtemach money, have a* least
one of tha esaefftial ingredients to tannrai
an iadomitehl® energy, Just now there
are not enough of artisans to mote fee de
mand.
J
life
nv
a
by
uv
uv
in
a
hMRR,
toraratow with P m. Mi m* B1 m CwruJ
-Jtorfffi-MfWto
[F»m the Chicago Jsutosl, October 21.
fohtfully or w to n gfifl ly, the great fire of
London, September 2, lr
door of a bakehouse, 1
in Pudding lane, near
fully or wrongfully, the
cago, October b, 1871, wtf
tory aa chsrgable to one
1m«'
oae Famner,
wet; nnd rii
tfire of t
dbwntohis
Leary,
tore. VHMHVIB IV VUO «Ut 0* s sww/t ss
dairy woman, living on DeKoven street, be
tween Canal and Jeifersoit- streets.
According to Mistress "ftnnidr, the cow
woman was later then usual abpnt her milk
ing, and to "lighten" fee fob she took a ker
osene lamp to the stable. While at her
work, the beast she was draining ap with
her right hind fejg and hit the lamp a kick,
splashing the bunting fluid against tbs
wall. In an instant the whole stable was
in flames, and the woman had time otily to
escape with her 1 life, leaving the kine to
roast. Another slightly Varied version is
that she milked at .th e usual hour, bat in
the evening took Mflimp and went out to
see if all was right,-tod. Ah eying that the
cows wanted salting,abe pat the temp down
by the door and went back for ber salt dish.
Before she returned the barn was all ablaze.
The story told that night, and before any
one had the least idea that a great confla
tion was in storst-was caught up by the
electric wires the next, morning and flashed
wherever telegraphy extends. Even if it
were tot absurd rumor, forty mfles wide of
the trath, it would be useless to attempt to
alter "the verdict of history." Mrs. Leary
has qutde a sworn statement ia refutation
of the charge, and it is backed by other af
fidavits; but to little or no purpose. She is
in for it and no mistake. Fame has seized
be?, and appropriated her} name, barn, cows
and all. She has won. in spite of herself,
wbat the Ephesian youth panted for.
Now that our reporters nave a little leis
ure for matters of secondary importance—
for things more, curious than essential—we
send one of them to the spot where the fire
originated, for whatevef clonds may shroud
the chase of the fire, the place where it be
gan-is'quite beyond diapnte. He had the
good fortune to find the woman herself,
and here is his report of the interview:
In the centre <n the block stands a small
one-story tenement. On every side are ashes
and cinders. Not a hens* or shed remains
west, south or north of it, and half a dozen
ash piles tell the passer-by where stood
hoqses on the east ot the solitary shanty
(for it is that and nothing more). It is past
explanation that all th e rest went and that
remained. Especiaftjrmysterious is it, from
the fact that the bam in which the fire ori
ginated was hardly more than a rod off. As
the wind was blowing furiously from the
south southwest, one would suppose the
southwest corner of the block could easily
have been eared. But there is no end to the
freaks of a conflagration.
We saw a stout Irish woman, some thirty
five years of age. standing at the rear door
of this solitary house, with n babe in ber
arms, talking with one of her countrymen.
Without announcing our errand, we fell
into conversation upon the subject that
everybody is talking and thinking about,
gradually leading her on to the specific
point in purpose. She was nothing loth to
tell her tale. The dialogue ran substantially
as follows:
Reporter: Are yon'the lady of the house
Mrs. Leary: I am sir.
Repot ter Have yon lived here long
Mrs. Leary: Going on five years.

Leary: Going on five years.
Reporter: Do yon own this place.
Mrs. Leary: I do^'
Reporter Did the fire start in your barn
Mrs. Leary: It did.
Reporter What waa in it
Mrs. Leary: Five cows, a horse and about
two tone of nay in the loft.
Reporter Is yonr husband an expraes
eporte
if
Mrs. Leary: Indade, he is not. We all
knocked our living out of those five blessed
cows, and I never bad a cint from fee par
ish in all my life, and fee dirty Time* had
no basinets to say it, bad cess to it.
Reporter: How about that kerosene lamp
story
Mrs. Leary: There is not a word of truth
in fee whole story. I always milked my
cows by daylight, and never bad a lamp of
any kind or a candle about the barn. It
must have been set afire. Two neighbors at
the for end of fee alley saw a strange man
S about half-past nine in fee eve
e asked them was the, alley straight
through. They told him it was, and he
went through. It wasn't five minutes- till
they saw the barn on fire. Before we bod
time to get out the hone or any of the cows
it was all gone, and the fire was rnnnimc in
every direction. The boy turned to and
saved the house. I hope to die if this isn't
eveiy word of it true. If you was a priest
I wouldn't tell it any different.
All further questioning was useless. This
woman bad nothing mo,e or different to say
upon the Subject. Finding that no more
was to be gathered tram her, and feeling
sorry for fee poor dame's loss, oar reporter
somewhat tamely and tritely remarked:
"It was pretty rough on you, anyway."
"Rough!" she exclaimed, "why, my God,
man, it was a terror to the world 1"
The fog will probably never rite from
that bain. Whether fired by an incendiary
or a kerosene lamp kicked over by an irate
cow. mast remain ah open question. The
woman would naturally shrink from fee
responsibility, knowing* that she would be
severely blamed for ber carelessness, and
feeling, in her ignorance, that she might be
made to suffer for it, either by mob violence
feeling, in her ignorance, that she might be

or the hand of the law. On toe other hand,
there is nothing improbable in her story.
One thing is certaav: Whether man or
cow, match or iamp, the greatest fire of all
the ages began in a dairy kept in the very
heart of the city.
Important Railroad Heath of St. Louie.
[From the St. Louis Republican.]
While Colonel Thomas Alien and his asso
ciates are energetically pushing fee Iron
Mountain, and Cairo and Fulton railroads
to Little Rock, three hundred and forty
miles from here—a point they will reach
in fee next year—we are gratified to find
former plan revived, that of bringing "the
New Orleans and Opelousas railroad" in
this direction from fee gulf of Mexico to
meet it. This, wit h a n intermediate road,
if built, would givenus a direct southern
road to fee ssa from St. Louis of seven hun
dred and fifty miles. The southern ter
minus of this road at Berwick's Bay,
_____bay l_______
Mr. Morgan has a fleet of thirteen
and costly steamers feat distribute
passengers and freights to every harbor on
the gulf, as for west as fee Rio Grande. If
this system of roads were completed it
wonld be difficult to overestimate its ben
efits to this city, the intermediate country
and New Orleans.
Judge Boyce, who is the president of this
road nnder its new organization, is now
here, and has mentioned to some'of our mer
chants a desire to have more stock sub
scribed to forward this enterprise. We have
invested largely, of late years, to build up
*n extensive system of railroads, snd, under
ordinary circumstances, onr Southern sister,
Louisiana, would be well able to build her
end of this line, besides Accomplishing many
other useful objects, but allowance must
be made for fee destractive waste of the re
On two distinctive occasions,
that fine country, western Louisiana, has
beenmvaded ana made a battle-field. From
the Gulf to its northern limits, it has been
left in nuns by sword and flame, from which
it is slowly recovering. Considering tbis
ruinous state of feat section, it is proposed
that this subject be brought forward at the
next meeting of the board of trade here,
and it is hoped with good results.
New Orleans Beginning to Rnb Her Eyes.
(From the St. Louis Democrat.]
New Orleans is beginning to rub her eyes
and give ether evidences that she is waking
up from her protracted nap. While she has
been sleeping fee great West Las grown
into giant proportions, and has developed
an export trade inlprodnce and provisions
of ah importance second only to cotton.
New Orleans realises feat, notwithstanding
fee admirable nature of her position as a
commercial city, she has not only utterly
foiled to profit by a single farthing in the
results of this vast produce trade, but in
roads upon her great specialty, the cotton
trade, have been and. vre daily making by
the daring young cities that have been born
since she commenced to grow gray. It is
the threatened loss of her cotton trade,
therefore, that span New Orleans into life
—wi.-- —ivksas tofel i H il
««ipw tor 1
If St. Louis can reach
Mississippi to Winona, ]_
Ban], up the St Croix to'___
Hudson, up fee Illinois to "trilli i
Missouri to Qpiaha pad
exportation to Europe v— _ ____- r
may reach ont her totos tb fehreve
Camden for cotton, and to Hew I ___
sugar- quite as sqcoessfolly. This ia who
the rerarteettaj;
the lazy,
to bestir herself,_____
at her return to life,
time what it ma
time what it may, aad if she is realy ii
j? realty aad powerfju
ally in St. Louis. We propose to go Oman*
become the future great dty hr the world
andtf ia doiag ao, wa caa dreg oid fogy
New «Orleans into. noticeable proportions
washed by a oommoa river.
But, for Heaven's sake, New Orleans,
don't hang upon our necks like a millstone.
Get squarely on your pins. Dump nil' yonr
useless and foolish old foggmy. sach as nigh
port charges, extravagant co m m i s s i o ns, out
rageous insurance rates,
charges, monstrous towage
Stevedore rate*, nonsensical brokerages and
hifalntin inspection feaa Strip all this oil'
ou ana come down to,,good, square
ig harness—a collar and a pair of
traces—and put your shoulder to the work
as though yon really meant to work-in
don't waste busy people's time .wife your
propositions, for they will all come U
naught, and we shall keep grabbing at youi
cotton and sugar as we are scooping at Chi
cago's grain, and go on perfecting our al
liance with Baltimore. r
leis
fire
be
the
As
the
to


Aa Appeal for Mlehlaaa.
Dbisoit, October 24.—In view
fee
ing circular of appeal to the people
United States has been issued by fee Michi
gan State relief committee:
To tlie People of the United States:
We need instant and plentiful aid. From
12,000 to 15,000 peoplej-at least, in-fee State
ot Michigan, have loot their hemes, food,
clothing, crops, horses and cattle. On the
night of the Chicago ^fire, 2000,people on the
east shore of Lake Michigan, nnd fiVe
six thousand on the west snore of Lake
Huron, were reduced to. almost absolute
destitution. Within two or three weeks
other. small villages and settlements have
been blotted out.
The number of individual form houses,
barns and frontier dwellings which have
been destroyed by fee all-pervading fire
of information, bene*
can not, from want
curately calculated,
know to be enormoon.
The aggregate we
The fine are still
burning, and new ones spring up. Th* urea
of ruin and devastation is daily increasing.
The intensity and dramatic magnificence
of fee calamities which haw* overwhelmed
other cities and villages are lacking here,
but fee suffering exists fee same.
A hard, cold winter is approaching.
Large numbers of these people are acces
sible only toy water, ana navigation wfll
soon be closed. Scarce a, month or aix
weeks now remain ia which to feed, clothe
and shelter them from the winter season,
which extends for into fee months of spring.
They must be helped now, or they will per
ish. They will need, too, In fee early spring
seed and implements for the harvests ef
r./Tbei
greater portion t__
must commence life entirely anew, without
prepsration, and at the beginning of whiter
their isolation from the centres of corf meree
next year.
of them
and the means of communication makes fee
problem of relief the more difficult and all
tbefmore urgent.
The people of" Michigan hare nobly
responded to the appeals which this misery
has made to their sympathy and generosi
ty; but they are severely copied indirectly
in their business by the Chicago fire, and
directly by the hssistaace they gave to the
sufferers from that calamity before they
were aware of the demands which would
be made on them at home. Many of them,
too, have lost their resources by the fires
which have occurred in this State.
In their name and in behalf of the victims
already known, and of many whom we fear
are yet. unknown, we ask prompt and effi
cient aid from our benevolent fellow-citi
zens everywhere. Money nnd supplies may
be sent direct to the Michigan reT
mittee at Detroit or Grand Rapids.
"That Little Difficulty.*'
Edwin Booth was traveling on the can.
The passengers, hearing he Was aboard,
naturally evinced curiosity to see the great
actor. Among tie passengers waa a genu
ine Vermonter, who occupied a seat some
four or five benches jn the rear of the great
object. By slipping from one seat to an
other he coon occupied the one immedlatelj
"aft" of Booth. His anxiety was great.
Reaching over and touching Edwin on the
"Ah! eh! excuse me, sir, but is yonr
name Benfe?"
In his well-modulated voice Booth
plied: "Yes, sir, my name is Booth."
"Ah! eh! excuse me sir; but is yonr
name Edwin Beuth
"Yes, sir; my name ia Edwin Booth."
"Really, eh! ah! sir; but you must really
excuse me, sir, but ah en! sir, are you
brother to the gentleman who had the little
difficulty with Mr. Lincoln at fee theatre f"
or
a
Blondin, the great tightrope walker,
seems determined to invent a feat in
rope walking which shall finish him at lash.
At a late performance to be given at
Crystal Palace, at Sydenham—it had not
come off at last accounts—the ■toll masts
that support the rope were to be covered
wife firewprks from the ground to fee top.
When all these were well going, Blondui
was to walk -forth on the rope, nearing
great, piece of pyrotechnv, "weighing about
three hundred pounds," which he would
iorthwith proceed to discharge from "the
altitude in the centre of the rope." At fee
same time shells and mines were to be ex
ploded in every direction, and the adver
tisement adds, with much gusto, that Blon
din "will thus be encircled with fire for
nearly ten minutes." This is a barbarous
performance for the nineteenth century.
The Chicago Times talks in this manner:
A planter has suggested to the New Or
leans Piceryicne that fee great fire most have
left large numbers of Chicago laborers
homeless and destitute, and feat an effort
shonld be made to set a number of them
work on Louisiana plantations. The Pie
apune stupidly thinks the suggestion a capi
tal one. There are reasons as plenty as
broken brinks why laborers will not-and
should not go to Louisiana. The first and
sufficient one is that every man who is able
and willing to handle lumber, to clear away
debris, to swing a hammer or drive a saw,
is wanted right here in Chicago. Another
reason, if another is wanted, is that Chicago
laborers are not the men who would, if they
conld, or could if they would, work effi
ciently on the cotton and sugar plantations
of Louisiana, beneath fee blazing sun of
that latitude. They have had some ex
perience of hot weather, and they don't
like it.
The Golden Age relates this pleasant stoiy.
While at a friend's house, a few evenings
ago, we took part in a conversation on the
sufferings of the houseless and hungry
people of Chicago. One of the company
was a boy of ten years, who had two hun
dred dollars in a savinjp bank. His father
said to him, "Frank, we most all give some
thing to tbe destitute aad afflicted men,
women and children of feat city. How
much will you give? You hayesome money
ot yonr own in the bank. Whatever yon
are willing to give, I will send to-morrow in
your name to fee mayor of Chicago, and
tell him feat it is from a generous boy in
Brooklyn, to help keep warm fee little feet
and hands of the children of Chicago."
The lad to whom this fatherly speech was
addressed blushed a moment, feon burst
into tears, aad ont of a heart full of charity
exclaimed, "Father, send it all! And the
whole two hundred dollar*—the sum-total
of the boy's slow savings—was sent next
day on its errand of mercy. Wa happen to
know that the boy's father, in drawing oak
three two hundred childish dollars, putbaek
four hundred into their place. And we
thought of Shakespeare's line:
"Tbe Quality of mercy is tw.ee blett."
il
representing to wterep*fee«tistt fee senti
ments of fee citizens of Carrollton read.
The secretary read the prayer of fee peti
tion.
Mr. Todd asked for. the reading of the
ernes.
Mr. Honsacker moved feat the further
wading be dispensed with 1
Mr.Todd: Tbis is a petition from my dis
doc*
if those
eker Yon can read them in the
trict, introduced by a gentleman who* does
not belong there. I wqgt to iw
oes not ot
ho aextAame
one I don't know
.Mr) Todd said be did
State to that expense.
10-lR
L man
be'tender.'
That to one ________
anything about. I want to see if there is
a man that is an actual bona fide resident
taxpayer; if there to 1 propose to respect
hinf, same as was done for Sodom and Go
morrah. If {here to one righteous man I pro
pose to take care of him/ John F. Cafcey—
satisfied be don't live there at aB. and
James F. Casey writes a better hand than
that. I will tell yon another objection I
not enough George
Washingtons and other, familiar names
amoag my eoMiitusats signed, to this peti
tion. I move that the petition we laid on
fee table subject to call. Carried.
civil bights bn social kqcautt.
fhuJfonse.bULNo. -gfttf tl
mode of trying cases under article tbir
which seems to have agitated the Legisla
ture for the last few years; 1 don't regard
these laws as such bugaboos as a great
many of my people of. this State seem dis
posed to do.
Mr. Lewis: Wbat subject is this f
Mr.-Blackman: Social equality. But this
bill is in direct violation of the constitution
of fee 8tate. Oqe section of fee bill says
the party shall pot have fee right of tnal
"by jury. The constitution'says he shall,
and to deprive him ef this right to n viola
tion of all the lawa kaowa ia tha State of
Louisiana. The paasag
as this would be an unh
_______lof outrage., ^t
could not stand a moment in a court of jus
tice, because every citizen in the land has
fee right to trial by jnry. and to say that
the judge shall assess damages without fee
intervention of a jury to ia contravention of
all fee rights of a citizen. I state again
never be carried into effect
by legislative enactment Article thirteen
provides ti
that all citizens of the 8tale
be placed on^an equal footing. All eil
here,
wfll
aix
per
ef
re fee right to go into fee eeorfs and*
sue for:: damages for tha violation of any
rights granted them by feto instrument.
Hence this present' bill is wholly unneces
sary because the right contcuded'for is con
.......f right
tution of the State needs no law to enforce
its provisions.

cases brought for fee pa rp en* of vindient
ing, asserting or maintaining the rights,
privileges and immunities guaranteed to all
tamed in the bill of rights, and the eonsti
utioi
»pr
The President: I ask that the bill be read.
If there ia any social equality incorporated
in that measure and it coiuep to a tie vote
shall vote against it.
The Secretary read the hill as follows:
Section- 1. Be it enacted, etc.. That all
fee
all
and
the
they
fires
fear
effi
f"
a
privileges and immunities guaranteed
jjersons under tbe provisions of the article
thirteen of the constitution of Louisiana, or
nnder tbe provisions of any acts of the
Legislature to enforce fee said article thir
teen, and to regiflate fee licenses therein
mentioned, or for tbe purpose of recovering
damages for the violation of said rights,
privileges and immunities, shall he tried by
the court or by a jury, if any party to the
suit prays for a trial by jury.
Sec. 2. Be it farther enacted, etc., That
if the jury do not agree, or fails to render
verdict either for tbe plaintiff or defendant,
tbe jury snail be discharged and fee case
shall be immediately submitted to the judge
upon the pleadings and evidence already on
tile as if the case bad been originally tried
without the intervention of tbe jury, and it
ahall be the duty of the judge to fiqcide the
case at once, without any further proceed
ings, arguments, countenance or delay;
each party having the right to appeal to
fee Supreme Court in all cases where an
appeal is allowed by law.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, etc., That
this act shall take effect from and after its
passage.
Mr. Blackman resumed: Tbe same fea
ture, though not in the same .language, was
in fee bill passed in the session of 1870 and
vetoed by tbe Governor. I say again, it is
unnecessary to impose such penalties, be
cause the constitution of fee State declares
emphatically that all persons in fee State
are on an equal footing, and if deprived of
any right given in the bill of rights, fee
courts ef the State are^open to them aad
they caa sue for damages- This law u not
only unnecessary, but it will be fruitful of
a great deal of injury and a great deal of
bitter feeling in tbe State. That can be
avoided by the non-passage of this act. It
is impossible to legislate for class right*.
Tbe ijlass intended to be benefited by tbis
measure will be injured by it, and I will
state now, feat if they bad not attempted to
enforce these privileges by class legislation,
the respectable portion of their people
wonld long since have been in fee posses
sion of the privileges they now seek to ob
tain by legislation. So long as it is a ques
tion of force, so long as it is attempted by
Legislative coercion to overcome tbe preju
dice of years, so much longer will fee
granting of tbe privileges asked be resisted,
and so much longer will they be deprived
of them. I can not vote for tbis bill, be
cause it is unconstitutional. I can not vote
for it because it is an unjust discrimination.
I can not vote for it because I see in it the
means of raising disturbances in the State of
Louisiana. I can not vote for It because, even
if I could go so for as to wish this class to
enjoy these privileges, I would not Tote for
this bill because I believe it is
is fee very
means to prevent them. I state again,
mere legislation will not benefit them. Men
must come into places of amusement upon
their own good character, upon their own
good standing, and not upon law. All fee
aws they can heap on tne statute books
from now till doomsday will not bring
about fee state of things contemplated by
this measure. Therefore, I must place my
vote upon fee record in opposition to its
measure. Therefore, must place my
vote upon fee record in opposition to
passage.
Mr. Hnasaker: Whatever cfbarre other
Senators may take, I don't want it stated
avoided or did not dare to give my opinion
on the passage of this bill. I desire to
on fee record in the affirmative on this
question. It is a patent fact that the laws
existing on this subject are insufficient to
carry out the provisions of tbe constitution.
I, for one, intend to keep hammeringat this
thing until we do pass a law whiek will
carry out the provisions of fee constitution,
and let the responsibility rest where it falls.
If the constitution is wrong, gentlemen
shonld go to work to repeal the constitution;
but, standing committed on the party ques
tion that we will carry out this thing, I, for
one, will not avoid the question. What are
the facts t In the first place, this bill sim
ply provides a mode of practice. It dee*
not infringe upon the constitutional rights
of litigants, as asserted by fee gentleman
from Claiborne (Mr. Blackman). It simply
prescribes a mode of practice. Suit after
suit has bea n instituted in tbe coarts of this
State—and I am perfectly familiar wife ane
in the district I represent—but it has been
found impossible to bring the matter toafinal
Judgment; and this bill simply provides that
f a jury fail to agree, fee case shall go be
fore the j uilge for decision. The Democrats
have always said they were wi lling »l,ia
question shonld be settled bv the rearts,
and this is tbo only way to bring it before
the Supremo Court. There is a large num
ber of the Republican party of this State
standing at the door to-day and demanding
a Republican Legislature to can
ont the pleges made in the last can
paign, that something of this Mr
should -be done at the nextseasioB of t
Legislature. The main objection urged
opposition to the passage of this bill. T» tl
question of social equality. We have not
ing to do with this subject. It is a feb
wfoob regulates itself. The question of
cial equality is a thing which persons re;
Into according to the dictates of their n