O BWw
t VS j

The Spy should have the eye of Argus: he ii
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCESTER
THURSDAY, DIUTMBKK 14. IMI.
The Mieamcr Hornet.
The telegraphic report that the president’s
message had caused great excitement at Mad
rid, can not be explained by anything found
in that document. It may have been inter
preted by something in the diplomatic rela
tions of the two countries which has not been
made public; and perhaps the Spanish govern
ment resolved to make the appearance of the
message an occasion for a diplomatic endeavor
to remove opposition to a seizure oi the steam
er Hornet by the Spanish squadron at Port
au-Prince. They have not dared to seize this
vessel against the direct protest of our gov
ernment; but, if our government has a right
to protest, in this case, why should it not in
terfere and release the Hornet from her Span
ish blockauers? Probably the Spaniards have
asked this question; and seeing the possibility
of asking it with some degree oi pertinence,
they may hope to turn our government from
protesting, by means of the “friendly repre
sentations” of other powers.
The Hornet is a steamer of 620 tons burthen,
built in England in 1862 to be used in running
our blockade. She was captured and sold to
parties in New York, and was used by these
parties, for a time, in the coastwise freight
business, and at length sent tu the West In
dies. It was charged that she carried supplies
for the insurgent Cubans. This led to her
seizure at Wilmington, N. C., where she was de
tained several months. Nothing being found
against her, she was released. Some time after
this, she left New York in ballast for Nassau,
followed by an outcry of the Spanish officials,
who insisted that she meant mischief. In con
sequence ol this outcry, she failed to get coal at
Nassau, t and therefore went on to Port-au-
Prince, where she arrived towards the latter
part of December, 1870. She went next to As
pinwall, returning to Port-au-Prince about the
10th of January, 1871: and there she has re
mained ever since, blockaded by a Spanish
squadron.
The Spaniards claim that the Hornet has been
condemned in a Spanish court at Havana. This
is their alleged reason for attempting to seize
the vessel. They have never captured her. She
has never been in their hands. They have never
done anything more than bring charges against
her which could not be proved, although they
made an attempt to prove them at Wilmington,
where all they could say received careful atten
tion. This being the case, we cannot see why
they arc allowed to detain the Hornet at Port-au-
Prince. If there be something more, she should
be seized by our government and brought home
for inquiry. If the Spanirads have a right to
blockade her at Port-au-Prince, they have a
right to seize her. She is an American vessel
with correct papers, and no government but our
own should be allowed to interfere with her. At
any rate, the vessel and crew should be rescued
from the possibility of being taken to Havana
and delivered over to the tender mercies of that
mob of cutthroats known as Cuban volunteers.
PeuwiouH.
The report of the commissioner of pensions
has an interest for all readers, aside from its
financial and economic aspect. Its array of
facts and figures is the record and constant re
minder of the suffering which war brings with
it, of the price which we have paid for oar na
tional integrity, of the fortitude and patriotism
of our countrymen, and of the acknowledge
ment, often miserably inadequate in individual
cases, though magnificent in its total, which the
nation makes for the lives, limbs and strength
sacrificed in its defense. The whole amount ex
pended by the pension bureau for the year end
ing with June last, was more than thirty-four
million dollars, nearly one-eighth of the whole
national expenditure; the whole number of
pensioners of al I classes for the same period was
207,495. The number was greater by 870!) than
that of the preceding year. It is believed now
to have reached its maximum, and will, after
the current year, diminish with increasing
rapidity. The conflicts which have given
occasion for this roll of pensioners
are the revolutionary war, the war of 1812, the
Mexican war, the Indian wars and the rebellion.
There are now no surviving revolutionary sol
diers on the rolls; the solitary veteran of the
war of our independence, after many deceptive
announcements, has positively made his last ap
pearance. We had been so often deluded by
the assurance of his decease, that at last the
sole remaining participant in that heroic strug
gle was allowed to vanish unnoticed, without
the honors which a grateful country should
have paid to his memory. Of the widows of
revolutionary soldiers, married previous to the
beginning of this century, forty-nine are in the
receipt of pensions, and ot those married since
that time, five hundred and eighty-five. The
expenditures of the pension bureau for the past
year were hardly less than those of the war de
partment. But this amount included many first
payments with the arrears, which made the total
much greater than it can be again. The esti
mates for the current year are nearly eleven
millions less.
The average monthly rate to invalid army
pensioners is 88.92, to widows, mothers and
children, $12.65. Of the invalids who lost
limbs in the service there is one who lost both
arms and both legs; thirty who lost both arms;
forty-two both legs; twenty-one one arm and
one leg; 5006 one arm, and 4627 one leg; in ail
9727. The country ought to make a more lib
eral provision for the few unfortunates who
have lost both arms or both legs or one of each.
The loss of both arms, especially, almost en
tirety disables the sufferer from doing anything
for his own support, and even from performing
for himself the common offices of hourly neces
sity, and makes the services of an attendant in
dispensable. The small number of persons in
this condition makes the total amount expend
ed for their relief insignificant, and successful
imposture, which would increase the number, is
clearly out oi the question. A pension at the
rate of one hundred dollars monthly would not
be unreasonable for pensioners of this class.
Of all the diseases contracted in the service
for which pensions have been granted, chronic
diarrhea is the most frequent, its victims being
more than twenty per cent, of the whole num
ber. Diseases of the eye have caused about
eleven per cent, of the claims for pensions,
rheumatism about nine per cent, phthisis about
six per cent, and hernia four per cent, ihe en
tire number of soldiers who served in the armies
of the United States during the wars in which
the country has been engaged were: in the war
of the revolution, 278,021; the war of 1812, in
cluding sailors 527,654; in the Indian wars, 60,-
101; in the Mexican war, 73,260; and in the re
bellion, 2,688,528.
A Political favrution.
The problem how to defeat General Grant’s
renomination and re-election has given a great
deal oi trouble to the democrats generally, and
to a few republicans. Some of these are men oi
great ability ami merit. They have proposed
several soiutiuus, each of which to its author
seemed to promise success; but discussion has
not developed much confidence in any of them,
and hardly any of those who wish it most
strongly is even moderately hopeful of electing
for our next president either a democrat or any
other republican than Grant. Mr. George
Wilkes, however, who is not a great man. but is
the editor of the Spirit of the ’l imes, which he
calls “the American gentleman's newspaper/’
has been giving much attention to this problem
and flatters himself that he has found a solution-
We do not know whether to call it an invention
or a discovery; whether it owes its existence to
Mr. Wilkes’ ingenuity, or existed independently
of his mental processes, waiting for some
political operator to find and give it a
practical application. Like many other great
Inventions and discoveries this is very simple, so
simple that to one unconvinced of its efficiency
and peculiar adapteduess to the exigencies of
the poiidcll situation it may appear ridiculous.
The editor »f the American gentleman's organ,
howevri.U usured of its merits, and has no
doubt of iU tesult. His plan is not to nominate
•otuc bettetVi stronger man, to convince people
Grant’s witness, to ounnuneuver bis friends
in the national convention, or to overwhelm him
with adverse ballots. Mr. Wilkes' scheme is a
much easier and surer one than either of these;
it involves less labor and no expense; it will, if
it succeeds, forestall the formal methods by
which the people have been accustomed to ex
press their political preferences and deprive the
president makers of all their opportunities to do
anything in Grant’s behalf. This great result,
to find some way of attaining which veteran
politicians have pondered and schemed and
plotted, Mr. George Wilkes undertakes to ac
complish by a set of resolutions, or, more cor
rectly, by a single resolution, with a lideral
equipment of preambles, nine in all.
The author of this brilliant device is frank
enough to admit that the idea did not occur to
him at home. The excitement of foreign travel
was needed to stimulate his brain to such fer
tility. During his “recent sojourn in Paris/’
the thought was conceived. Paris, while Mr.
Wilkes was there, was Immensely productive of
resolutions. Probably his observation of their
remarkable vigor and effect led him to the opin
ion that an influence of such potency, which
had been expected to arrest the Germans on the
frontiers ol France, and to turn back their ar
mies when encamped around Paris, ought to be
put to some use in this country. It is true that
these resolutions did not effect in France all
that was anticipated; but that was not
their fault: they were wonderfully enthusiastic
and grandiloquent, but those stupid Germans
did not understand French very well, and were
dull, matter-of-fact fellows, brutally indifferent
to the most sublime rhetoric. Mr. Wilkes does
not expect to find such obtuseness among his
own countrymen. To balk the reader’s cu
riosity no longer, this admirable device consists
in a series of nine preambles, reciting in la
bored phrase the familiar arguments in favor
of what Mr. Wilkes calls the “one term prin
ciple,and introducing a single,resolution, which,
with true Parisian bombast, takes the form of
a pledge “to inscribe that principle upon our
banners.”
The editor of the gentleman’s newspaper
takes a worthy pride in the authorship of this
resolution; but the use which he proposes to
make of it, is quite as novel and ingenious as
its construction. This beggarly fragment of
resolution, with its intolerable deal of preamble,
is to be introduced “in every variety of public
meeting, which admits of the experiment, that
shall be held previous to the meeting of the next
presidential convention.” This will “wind up
by a windlass, as it were, the public expression
of the country on this subject and knot it firm
ly into an authoritative declaration, that would
render Grant practically ineligible, and prevent
him from even getting into a convention.”
This is really admirable. The scheme
includes, of course, the adoption of the
resolution by “every variety of public meeting.”
If this programme could be carried out there
would be a serious obstacle in the way of Gen
eral Grant’s renomination, no less serious than
the expressed determination of a great majority
of the people not to have him lor their president
for another term. But suppose the people
should refuse to adopt the resolution. Does
Mr. Wilkes expect to compel them to it? They
will do very much as they like, in spite of
George W. and his resolutions. If they adopt
it, it will be because they had made up their
minds on this subject, and his labors are need
less; if not, which is much more likely, they are
useless.
iajor Harlow’i* Lecture.
Our notes of Major Harlow’s lecture before
the Natural History Society, were crowded out,
yesterday; but it is not now too late to print
them.
He began by saying, “I propose to attempt in
this paper, and in such brief manner as I may
within the customary limits, an explanation of
the Development Theory, as it is called, or, as
its author, Mr. Charles Darwin, has called it,
“the preservation of favored races, in the strug
gle for life, by means of natural selection He
had chosen this topic, he said, because the com
mon opinion in regard to it is vague and erro
neous; eloquent preachers who confess they
have never read Mr. Darwin’s work on the
‘‘Origin of Species,” hurl anthemas against his
theory; others denoun ?e it blandiy, while among
naturalists and scientific men it has been well
received. He did not propose to advance argu
ments for or against the theory, his aim being to
show what it is.
He would begin with incontestable facts. In
natural history, the first classification ol matter
is into the organic and the inorganic. The in
organic includes all forms of matter without or
gans or structure; the organic all those which
have organs, structure and lite,—plants and ani
mals,—and these are all “out of the dust of the
ground.” The Darwinian theory does not un
dertake to account for the origin of life; it re
lates to the development ot one species of plants
or animals from another, and teaches that the
higher forms of life, man included, have kin
ship, by lineal descent, through countless ages
of time, with the lower.
His theory is this: all organic beings tend to
increase in geometrical progression, and this
causes a mortal struggle for existence in which
only a few comparatively survive, and these are
such as are best fitted for the struggle. Varia
tions are developed which arc transmitted to off
spring. Changes accumulate in the same direc
tion and new species arise. The theory of
Malthus concerning population was explained,
and was supposed to have suggested Darwin’s.
The order in which plants and animals made
their appearance is apparent a priori. First
plants, next plant eaters, and finally flesh eat
ers. No other order was possible; and this
agrees exactly with paleontology as well as with
the Mosaic writings. He dwelt at some length
on the facts which show the struggle for life and
illustrate its rigor.
The next point was the influence of the law
of hereditary descent. That like produces like
is true, but it is not the whole truth. Offspring
resemble parents but present differences also.
The tendency to vary is universal. No two or
ganic forms arc precisely similar. The varia
tions of offspring from parent are sometimes
beneficial in the struggle lor existence, and
these are preserved by natural selection. Illus
trations of this were specified and discussed,
and the topic, was pursued at some length to
the conclusion that “there is not a color, nor an
organ, nor an instinct, noran adaptive structure
of any kind, for which this simple law that the
fittest survive in the struggle for life, does not
appear to furnish an explanation. Both the or
ganic kingdoms are full of the most marvelous
adaptations—evidences of design, as Paley calls
them." Natural selection is the law of God—
“the method of creation invented by the cre
ator."
But the argument from design has limits.
For instance, there is no basis in truth for say
ing that beauty was created to gratify the eye of
man, for it existed ages before there was a
human eye to see it. The fossils of all ages
from the Silurian upwards, are proof; and there
are creatures hideous in outward appearance,
whose interior structure reveals marvelous
beauty. The Darwinian theory teaches that
there is no beauty, color, organ, ^instinct,
or structure of any kind, iti the organic king
doms of nature, which is not primarily and
principally advantageous to the possessor; and
he admits that if the contraty could be shown,
his theory would be anihilatcd. The question
of beauty as a product of thejlaw of natural se
lection, was pursued in an interesting way, at
some length. How did plants, flowers, fruits,
insects, birds, animals, acquire beauty? The
lecturer told happily how Mr. Darwin answers
this question, and finds in every case an illus
tration of the law of natural selection. The
courtship of birds and butterflies was described
to show that sexual selection tends to develope
beauty in these creatures.
The power of selection to modify species is il
lustrated in the different varieties or breeds of
our domesticated animals and cultivated plants.
Compare the river and the Norman cart horse,
and see how selective breeding has made them
differ. The greatest number of strongly
marked variations produced by man’s training,
is seen in the varieties of dogs, an animal
which has probably been longer under domes
tieation than any other. The differences in
some cases seem almost to indicate different
species. Mr. Darwin uses for illustration the
many marked variations produced in breeding
pigeons, all existing domestic varieties being
scendants of the rock pigeon. Youatt says se
lection is the magician’s wand which may be
used to give animals “whatever form or mould
the breeder pleases." It is potent also with
horticulturists to produce departures from the
primitive stock and originate varieties. This
topic was pursued at length and in a manner
which showed that the lecturer had studied it
carefully.
Mr. Darwin’s theory throws great light on a
wide range of paradoxical facts in botany and
zoology. (1.) Certain homologies apparent
throughout the organic kingdoms, furnish illus
trations, some of which were carefully discussed
to the conclusion that they can be explained by
the theory of common descent, but not by that
of special creation. (2 It explains discoveries
made in the study of embryology. Embryoes
are indistinguishable in their first stage, and
they are developed alike up to a certain point.
Tins too was carefully discussed, in support of
the theory of common origin. (3.) Rudiment
ary organs exist in animals and plants, in their
adult state, for which they have no use: these
seem to represent a former condition of things
from which they have come down by inherit
ance: the theory of development accounts for
this resemblance between past and present
creatures. 1 his is a brief summary of points
which weie discussed at length.J
In the next place, he took notice of objections
urged against Darwin's theory. (1.) It is shal
low to say “natural selection implies a conscious
desire in the organic forms developed. It
means this no more than chemists mean it when
they attribute “elective affinities" to inorganic
matter. It wight perhups be better to sav with
Spy: Worcester, ^bursban ^ornm^, gecember 14, 1871.
Herbert Spencer “survival of the fittest” in
stead of “natural selection.” (2.) It is said that
the theory is in conflict with the Mosaic account
of creation. This was said against Galileo,
and against Newton’s theory of gravitation. It
rose up against the great truths of geology. It
interferes with archaeological studies; but inter
pretations of Scripture which contradict scien
tific truth, should be revised. (8.) Scientific
criticism has been mainly based on assumptions
more or less disputed, such as the immutability
of species, lack of transitial forms, infertility of
crosses, sudden and great abundance of species
in the lowest strata, and the like. Mr. Mivart’s
review of the question is the ablest and most
candid work of those who dissent from Mr. Dar
win. Perhaps Mr. Darwin attributed too much
to natural selection, in his first woik, and did
not sufficiently admit the probability of other
causes.
In concluding, he said, the opposition ol Prof.
Agassiz, in this country, has had great weight
in delaying acceptance of Darwin’s theory, but
he thought his opposition due to the conserva
tism of the age. Major H. believed the theory
would win its way to acceptance. Doubtless it
would undergo some modifications, for few
original discoverers announce more than half
truths, at first; but Darwin’s theory is the only
one that seems to have a basis in truth. There
is no proof of specific creation. Evolution is
the divine method in creation, and the Mosaic
record will not always be interpreted against it;
and bye and bye the theologians will say “we
thought so all the time.” Every truth has to go
through this ordeal:—lst. The people say it is
not tine; 2ml. That it is unscriptural; Btd.
Everybody knew it before.
Letter from St. Louis.
First I uiprcKMionai —Pigs—JUuleu—lliatory.
[FROM OUR BOSTON CORRESPONDENT.!
St. Louis, Dec. 8, 1871.
The arrival at St. Louis makes a decided break
in the monotony of western travel. We left the
cars on the east side of the Mississippi, and the
first object that attracted attention was a pro
cession ol people crossing the river on the ice.
It looked like a perilous thing to do, for the
river was entirely open a short distance below
We were huddled into an omnibus and driven
along the sloping, frozen levee for a mile or
more, to a big ferry-boat, or rather to two ferry
boats fastened together. The morning was
cold, and we waited while the boats took in their
freight and passengers. First came as many
carts and wagons as could get on board, and
then pigs innumerable were driven on; they
huddled under the omnibus and wagons, they
had severe skirmishes with the horses, and were
always defeated, they squealed and grunted, and
in spite of the cold, smelt horribly. A little
German woman, with a stout box’ of three or
four years, sat next me. The wWId had waked
up cross and hungry, and cried vehemently.
The mother soothed and coaxed and petted him;
at last, in despair, she lifted the chubby, dirty,
unhappy little face up to the window, and re
peated in the most animated tones, “Schweine,
Mein Gott; Schweine, Mein. Gott!" all in vain.
The child refused to be comforted even by
schweine, and at last cried himself to sleep.
After an hour of waiting, the lumbering boat,
panting and greening crept across the river, and
then the funny part of the affair began. Before
the bar was down, and the plank ready for disem
barking, the order was given in the boat, “Hold
back them horses, and let them pigs go fust!”
Our driver remonstrated, and at last the pigs
were held back and we were allowed to land.
The driver inquired where each passenger want
ed to go, and was answered promptly until he
came to two young, amiable, heavy-looking
Germans, who smiled innocently at him and
made no reply. A German neighbor came to
their relief, and said they didn’t know where they
wanted to go, but he did not offer to help them.
The driver muttered that he was sure he didn’t
know cither, but would leave them at a German
boarding house. So we stopped at the dirtiest
little “gast haus” I ever saw, and the driver
shouted, “them Germans in the corner get out
here,” and the neighbor punched them and
pointed to the door, and the forlorn strangers,
newly married, 1 fancied, were landed on the
sidewalk. My heart was brim-full of pity for
them, but the pity was quite wasted, for when
they saw the word “gast haus,” and a fat,
greasy landlord rolled out, seized their hands
and gave them a loud greeting, a smile of se
rene contentment spread over their broad faces,
and they looked as if there was nothing else on
earth to be desired.
The first impression of St. Louis is of general
dingincss, and special dirt. A cloud of smoke
hangs over and settles down like a fog upon the
city. Everything is hazy; even the great dining
room and generous entries of the Southern ho
tel have their outlines softened, and distances
obscured by this penetrating smoke. The white
ground of the Axminster carpets has become a
dark slate color, the yellow damask curtains are
unpleasant to look at; the once white lace has
lost even the memory of whiteness; and this not
from neglect, for an army of nice looking maid
servants are constantly sweeping, dusting, and
washing doors and window-sills, but because
dirt cannot be avoided; you cat it, you drink it,
you breathe it. Hands washed for dinner are
dirty before you can reach the table; everything
you touch, no matter if it has been dusted five
minutes before, smears you with black. White
linen is unknown; sheets and towels arc a dull
gray; and yet it is said that St. Louis ladies
have a decided preference for delicate tints in
wearing apparel. I have already seen several
rose-colored satin hats, a profusion of white
feathers, and light silks with white trimmings,
or rich white overdresses.
The second peculiarity of the city, in the eyes
of a New Englander, is its pigs. The words,
“a drove of pigs going to market," have an in
nocent sound, and convey to the uninitiated no
idea of the actual tumult and excitement of the
affair. 1 have seen the street in front of the
Southern hotel one solid mass of pigs, reaching
out of sight in lioth directions; they were ac
companied by a dozen boys, who jumped on
them and beat them, and yelled like little fiends;
while the pigs, frightened and cross, knocked
each other down, ran over each other, and made
a frightful hubbub. It look about an hour for
the drove to get out of sight, and then the
street was strown with stragglers and wounded,
that frightened every horse that passed, making
him back or dance, or twist himself into very
graceful curves, to the discomfort of the
driver; so the omnipresent boys seized
•the huge pigs by the tail and dragged
them into the gutter, the curl in the
tail giving it great advantage as a
handle; presently pig-ambulances were brought
up, and with great tugging and hoisting and
shoving on the part of three men, the wounded
beasts were put into them. One of the pigs was
so revived by the exercise, that, watching his
opportunity, he climbed to the top of the high
ambulance bars and deliberately rolled over,
probably intending to commit sui-cide. Down
he came with a mighty thud, and was pounced
upon by the men, who hoisted him back again,
and the biggest man climbed in aPer him and
sat down on him, which seemed to be the only
effective means of repression. It was a ridicu
lous scene, a very disgusting one, and the pigs
were brutally treated; but I am told that droves
seldom come through this part of the city.
Herds of mules are often seen, driven through
the streets at a run and entirely loose, following
with unswerving fidelity the mounted muleteer
who leads them, and whose mule sometimes
wears a bell. The tinkling bell and the long
line of mules suggested stories and pictures,
of the Pyrenees, and make a pleasant
feature of street life. These arc things seen at
the first glance; and then come the things of
real importance and interest. In forty years St.
Jxiuis has grown from a town of 6000 inhabi
tants to a city of 320,000. It has a river front
age of seven or eight miles, for business, and
th.‘[dwelling houses stretch for miles westward,
up the long slope from the [river bank, and
away out on the plains. The history of the
city is written in the names of the streets; in
the oldest part the names arc Spanish; the old
land grants and the earliest surveys arc written in
Spanish. Then came the French rule and
French names; and the most beautiful part of
the city is still occupied by aristocratic Catho
lic French families, who. live in large, subscan
tial, hospitable-looking houses, surrounded
with sunny lawns and pretty gardens, and quite
out of the city smoke and darkness. At last
patriotism, arithmetic and botany had their day
at St. Louis as in other American cities, and the
streets parallel with the river were numbered,
while those running east and west commemorate
our presidents, and all the trees that grow. In
the war, as you remember, troops were gathered
here, and the remains ol Fremont’s fortifications
are still to be seen. The rebel spirit was strong
and the city and state were saved from actual
rebellion only by the labors of the “damned
Dutch," as the French inhabitants angrily called
the freedom-loving Germans. Now St. Louis is
a quiet, rich, substanti fl city; it does not boast;
it confesses that its growth is slow—only 800,000
in less than forty years—it is not owned or car
ried on by eastern capital; it makes its own
plans; spends its own money, and goes its own
way. Of course it has parks, and wqter-works,
and handsome churches, and showy shops, and
large hotels—all great cities have these —it does
not have a good theatre; the Lingard troop are
now playing at the best one, and everywhere*
the portraits of “William Horace” and Alice
Dunning advertise their presence here.
I will tell you in another letter something of
the good works oi St. Louis, and of the things
here that really interest me.
The Wild M of Tcxnw.
Those who have never visited the regions
where wild horses are caught or reared can have
but little idea how the untamed steed of the
prairie is rendered tractable and useful. At the
present day in Texas the herds of mustangs
that formerly ranged over its vast prairies have
become almost extinct in the settled portions,
and confine themselves to the extreme western
counties. In their places arc horses mostly
crossed with American stock, which are in a
state of semi-wildness —that is, they roam at will
until certain seasons of the year, when all such
as can be caught arc driven in herds to huge
pens constructed for the purpose, to be branded
and marked, alter which most of them are let
loose to roam al will again.
When the owner of a portion of a herd desires
to break any of his young horses, he proceeds
in this wise:’ The first movement is to lasso the
horse selected, by the head and forefeet, and
throw him to the earth; then a kind of halter
called a “bosal,” is put on his head, both to
serve as a bridle and to take the animal by it,
being much more effectual than a halter or
bridle in checking his frantic efforts to liberate
himself. He is either tied up closely all night or
staked, at the will of the owner. The next
morning the sport begins.
All horse or stock raisers have one or more
vaqueros, whom they employ for the special
purpose of breaking and riding wild and re
fractory horses. These go out, followed by all
the members ol the family, and proceed to over
haul their saddles and sec that there is no de
fect in the “rigging.” When they arc satisfied
that all is secure, they lead, or ratherdrag, for
ward the steed. He is alternately led, dragged,
and whipped forward, until he reaches the point
where he is to be saddled.
A leather strap attached to the bosal is then
pulled over his eyes, and a saddle blanket is
dropped gently on his back; but very seldom
remains after the first trial, as he will almost
invariably shake it off. After one or two more
trials, however, he submits to both blanket and
saddle. The latter is strapped on tightly with
two girths, fore and flank, strapped so tightly
that one unaccustomed to the sight would think
that it was intended to cut the animal in two.
The rider now adjusts the stake rope into reins,
by tying it securely to the bosal, leaving a long
end by which to hold on in the event the horse
should succeed in throwing him.
Everything is now ready for the mount. The
rider adorns his heels with a huge pair of spurs,
stands directly facing the horse, abreast, or a
little forward of the shoulder, seizes the under
part of the bosal with his left hand, pulls his
horse’s head round near him to prevent being
kicked, takes his stirrup in his right hand to
ward him, places his foot in it firmly. Grasp
ing the pummel, he now gives the saddle a shake
or two, makes one or two faints at mounting, to
see how his horseship will take it, and then sud
denly springs, seating himself securely in the
saddle.
The blinds, of course, are still over the eyes
of the horse, and, as a general thing, he stands
with his neck stretched out and his head partly
down, a perfect picture of awkwardness. The
rider is at his ease, and adjusts himself and
everything about him with the greatest care, as
he knows there is warm work before him. When
ready for the start he. reaches gently forward
and slips off* the blinds. Naturally the horse is
rather astonished, and at first refuses to move.
A sharp application of the whip and spur, how
ever, induces him to change his mind. He takes
timidly one or two awkward steps, then sudden
ly doubling himself up until he resembles a
camel, and throwing his head down before his
fore icct, he begins a series of pitches, which
consists in jumping as high and as far as he
can, coming down stiff-legged.
Those who have accomplished the extraordi
nary feat of going down a Hight of stairs at one
step can iorm some faint idea how it feels to sit
on the back of a pitching horse.
Some of the more vicious will lie down when
the saddle is buckled on, and it requires a tre
mendous amount of whipping to get them start
ed; some will rear and tall backward, occasion
ally killing their riders; some will pitch straight
ahead for quite a distance; while others will
pitch straight for *fcw jumps, and then, as the
Texans say, “swap ends so quick that it makes
your head swim.”
Fortunately, they soon tire of such violent
exercise, being wholly unaccustomed to saddle
or weight on their backs, and break completely
in a few hours. The saddles are then taken
off, and they are reserved lor another trial the
next morning.
The exercise is continued for a week or more,
according to the nature of the horse, when it is
pronounced gentle and tractable for a good
rider, but woe to the unsuspecting greenhorn
that is tempted to place himself on his back.
A few of the horses arc naturally gentle na
tured, and never, unless frightened in breaking,
attempt to cut up at all. Those who love the
horse, and desire to see him roaming at will in
his beauty and symmetry, with glossy hide and
flowing mane and tail, should go to the pasture.
Arizona l>iauion<lN.
[From the San Francisco Bulletin.]
Since the days of the exploration and con
quest of the southern portions of the American
continent by Herman Cortez and his hard
hitting, pious and plunder-loving followers, the
belief that Arizona—-in which there were then
situated, as we now know, the famous “King
dom of Cibola," for which Coronado and De
Soto sought so long from opposite directions—
abounded in the precious metals and precious
stones, has been current. So far as the precious
metals are concerned, recent explorations have
abundantly demonstrated the truth of the old
traditions,” and it is not impossible, we might
say perhaps not improbable, that the deposits
of precious stones, which the Aztecs worked cen
turies ago, are soon to be found. It is known
that the Aztecs occupied Arizona in early days,
and that they assured Cortez and his followers
that the precious stones, of which they had a
considerable store, came from the far north, be
yond the limits of the empire of Montezuma, as
the Spaniards found it. The ruins of those
cities are scattered through central Arizona,
and are outside the greater ruins running in a
semi-circle from the vicinity of Wickenburg on
the Hassivapi, far to the northwaid into the
country of the Colorado Chiquito, around the
Black Forest and San Francisco mountains,
and southeastward to the Gila, East of the
mouth of the Salinas is found a range of minor
ruins on the hill-tops near running wa
ter, supposed at first to have been tem
ples of the sun, but now admitted to have
been entrenched in mining camps, located in an
enemy’s country, or in a country subject to
raids from a hostile people—probably the an
cestors oi the saintly and lamb-like Apache pets
of Vincent Collyer of the present day. In the
vicinity of many of these camps, slag and oth
er evidences of working for silver and gold arc
found, but in others no traces ol the precious
metals are found, and the inference that the oc
cupants must have been seeking for something
else, is quite natural. One of these ruins is lo
cated on a bed of kiva which flowed for a hun
dred miles to the southeast from the now silent
crater of Mount San Francisco, and is twenty
miles from water. The builders of that camp
were evidently cutting through the lava and
mining for something underneath it. Years
ago Kit Carson’s men, in passing through the
Navajo country, in New Mexico, and the east
ern portion of the never fully explored country
of the Moquis, found on a gravelly plain large
quantities of small red stones in the earth, car
ried out by the red ants of the country, and car
ried some of them away with them. Years af
ter, Fred. Henry, a well known Indian fighter
and miner, gave a number of these stones to a
gentleman from this city, who had one of them
ground by a lapidary, and it proved to be a gen
uine ruby, though not very valuable, on ac
count of its dark color, the lighter hued ones
having the prelcrence in the market. A very
pale emerald, found on the Hasiyampi, accom
panied the rubies, and all the stones are now in
the cabinet of Wells’ female college, Auburn
N. Y. Other rubles of similar character have
been brought here from time to time by explor
ers, and have been seen by various jewelers in
this city. The diamond is generally found in a
country producing the ruby and emerald,and
the opinion that it would be discovered in Ari
zona appears to have been verified.
A Montgomery street jeweller informs us
that a few months since a party of explorers
in Arizona found among ant-hills some bright
stones which took their fancy, and they brought
some of them away. Some of these stones were
scattered around and lost—and by far the
finest,described as being the size of a common
chestnut, was placed on an anvil and smashed in
a thousand pieces, as a test ol its bring a dia
mond, it being a popular fallacy that a real
diamond cannot be broken by any metallic or
mineral substance less hard than itself. Alter
this no particular attention was paid to them
until one which had been sent to Boston ami
cut by a lapidary was returned here certified to
be a brilliant ot the purest water, .of two carets
weight, and w< ith from SBOO to S4OO. It was
here shown to a Montgomery street jeweller
from whom we have the above particulars’
Upon its being returned here with the news of
its character and value, the party quietly fitted
out for another trip, and returned to Arizona
Nothing has since been heard from them but
if they do not fall victims to the relentless—we
beg pardon, the kind, gentle and trustworthy
Apache, we shall probably in due time have
something more to tell about their discoveries.
viiMcellaiwotiN item*.
Durins the month of November the Chicano
post ottleedld u larger business in every respect
than during: any previous month of its exist
ence.
In one spot in burning Chicago eight thou
sand stoves fused, and gunpowder is being re
sorted to in order to rend them asunder.
O 1 pus ton, gives it as his opin-
ion that China and Japan will take from us so
000 tons, or 111,000,000 pounds of butter and
deliver ^t** aU,IUm whenever wc shall be able to
Dr. Balmanno, a London surgeon, has suc
cessfully applied the magic lantern to the study
J Skln A tran 'parent photo-
piaph of Hie skin is taken, and then placed in a
magic lantern. A strong hydro-oxygen light
tasts the figure enlarged on a white sheet, and
in this way the smallest details are brought out
with astonishing minuteness.
Dr. Burg, in reviewing the statistics of deaths
from cholera, finds out that out of about 82,000
artizans in copper, brass ami bronze employed
in Paris and other cities during the last out
break of cholera, only 16 deaths resulted from
that disease. Another interesting fact bearing
on this question is that the city of Mino-Tinto,
surrounded as it is by copper mines, has never
been visited by this epidemic.
A western paper says: “Any person wishing
to trade a pair of arctic overshoes or a pair of
buckskin mittens for a steamboat, can be ac
commodated by calling upon any of our steam
boat men. Lots of men have got more steam
boats than they know what to do with. Une
man, this morning, offered to give a splendid
side-wheel, double-deck, cylinder escapement
river palace for a second-class oyster stew, but
the austere man could not see it. He could sell
his oysters for money, but be couldn’t give a
steamboat away.”
Zollmcr, in a recent, lecture, said new evi
dence has been found that the motion of a shin
ing body alters its spectrum lines. Dr. Vogel
had recently shown, by means of an improved
spectroscope, that the lines derived from one
side of the sun were different from those ot the
opposite side, that is, as the sun rotates, the
parts approaching give a different spectrum
from the parts receding.
In Board of Trustees of the Worcester County Me
chanics Association:
Worcester, Dec, 12th, 1871.
At th Q regular meeting of the board of trustees of
this association, held this evening, the following
resolutions were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, since our last meeting, our associate,
Luther H. Bigelow, has been called by ».n unseen
Providence trom among us; therefore,
Resolved, that his character that was above re
proach, and his integrity that was without a blem
ish, gave us a life so complete that our highest
efforts rarely attain it.
Resolved, that theso qualities, joined to an urban
ity and a constant recognition of the amenities of
life, made a rich contribution to our community.
Resolved, that we attest their value to us by en
tering these resolutions upon our records, and
sending a copy to the family and the daily papers
of the citv.
Attest: Wm. A. Smith, Clerk.
A large lot of men’s rubber boots, at the Boston
shoe store, 14 Front street, selling for S 3 per pair.
Prof. Mac has arrived at the Lincoln house again.
Patients and others beware, time flies. This day at
Oxford. Friday and Saturday evenings must be his
terminating visits to Worcester. In future, address
192 Harrison avenue, Boston.
la; S 1? ML A. A€K YUXH.
NEW TORS HTOCK MARKET.
New York. Dec. 13.—Money closed easy at 5 7 per
cent. The Broadway bank calls in several millions to
redeem city revenue bonds, but the money will all be
paid out again Friday. The treasury paid out.s4Bo,Uoo in
gold in the redemption of .5-20 bonds, making the total
$18,580,000. The treasury bought only $1.3,000 govern
ments at par Ingold, sterling dull at 109 wi 109 h. Cold
dull at 109*» (a 109 H; carrying rales 5 (q. 7 per cent.
Clearings $50,000,000. Governments strong ami higher.
Mate securities quiet andsteaay. Stocks firm and high
cr, the advance ranging from Xto l? 4 per vent, Pacific
Mail and western I nion were exceptionally active, the
former advancing I percent, and the latter I percent.
Ihe advance in the general list was S (ai H percent.
united states sixes, teoi H7H
United States 5-20's. 1862, coupons IIOJ4
1864. IK'S
1885, 111 S
new 1865, 113 S
1867. USS
1863. USM
10-40* 109 H
United States currency as.. 113 S
Western Union Telcgrapn company 6sK
Pacific Mad Steamship company 5uM
ii. Y. Centra! Hodson River .consol'd 93
do do do do scrip 8754
Erie railroad 3zX
do preferred 65
Harlem railroad 121
do preferred 127
Beading railroad 114*4
Michigan Central railroad Ils
Union Pacific railroad stock. 27H
Panama railroad 50
Lane *Uure <x Michigan southern hit Ml X
Illinois Central railroad. k 2
Cleveland and Pittsburg rai.r.ad 126
Chicago and Northwestern railroad 615%
do ereierred K 9?«
Cleveland. Columbus Cincinnati railroad..B7 h
New Jersey Central railroad.... HIM
cuiCAgu »ud hcih isiaun rail read 104
Milwaukee and St. Paul railroad 53*4
do do pref 77*4
Toledo and Wabash railroad
du pref 81
Fort Wavn<- and Chicago railroad MH
Alton and Terre Haute railroad h>
do preferred 50
Chicago and Alton railroad lit;*4
do preferred 118
Ohio and Mississippi railroad
Hartford and Erie railroad 2^
Culumbu-.Cincinnati Central It K ....18M
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy K K 129
Hannibal ami st Joseph R K 5354
Central Pacific gold bunds 103
Union Pacific railroad Ist mort. 6s 91
Tennessee state IPs, new 65*4
Virginia state 6’s, new 67
South Carolina 6s. new iio'i
North Carolina state 6s, new 15
BOSTON STOCK SALES-Dec. 13.
SIB,OOO Hartford anil Erie railroad 7s. new .27 N
$9,000 Union Pacific railroad income 10s 80@80J4
SB,OOO Boston city 6s. 1880. currency 100*4
t $2,800 Vermont Central railroad Ist mort. 7s. .83*i^t84
SI,OOO Boston and Albany railroad 7s, new 106
$5.000 Maine State 6s, 1889 10'1
$3,000 St. Louis Ci tv 6s K9.H
$13,000 Chicago city 7s 95^95■*
$5,000 Michigan Central R R. Bs, I8:)0 108M@!0894
$1,500 New York Central 6s, 1883 88h
$5,000 Framingham a.nl Lowell R R 7s, 1890 89
si,ooo Agdcul. Branch K Ist 6s, 1884 80
SI,OOO Massachusetts state 6s, 1874, gold 105 l 4
SI,OOO Hartford city 6s 99
$5,000 City of Lowell 6s, 1890 98%
$3,000 Albany city 6s 93@93h
SSOO Cambridge city ss. 1882 cur 88
SI,OOO Boston city .ss, 1878, gold 98
SIO,OOO Maryland and Delaware,Rß 6s. 1885... 49?<
SI,OOO Kalamazoo. Allegan A Grand Rapids Bs, 1888. .95h
$3,000 Western railroad 6s. 1875 98k
SI,OOO Old Colony and Newport K It ss, 1374 93*4
55 Conn. A Fassunipsic River It It 90
17 Cheshire railroad, pre! 85’4
163 Michigan Central railroad. HO.^tgllO
17 Rutland railroad, pref 7754
15 Northern railroad. N. H 110
12 Connecticut River railroad 139?4
80 Eastern railroad 107E@..08
105 Vermont and Canada railroad 98?itg4)-<J4
9 Manchester and Lawrence railroad 147 U
20 Boston amt Maine railroad 144 Mi
200 Cin. Sandusky and Cleveland R K........,19h@i954
225 mil.. Wii. and Baltimore raiiruaa ,5854
70 Rutland railroad, common ,24X^j}25
32 Norwich ami Worcester railroad 119.“»fe,i20
40 Eastern railroad. N.H 100
24 Chicago, Burlington and Quincy R R.... 128 1 4@D954
32 Fitcßburg railroad 134.h@135R
20 Ogdensburg A Lake Champlain K It 90>4
1 Portland. Saco and Portsmouth railroad 12954
10 Atlantic Colton Mills 9054
1 Laconia Manufacturing Company .....475
2 York Manufacturing Company, .1610@16L5
10 Franklin Company, Lewistun llfi
35 Naumkeag Steam Cotton Mills. 13 j 54
DOMESTIC MARKET.-..
New York. Dec. 13,—Cotton unchanged; sales2o3l
bales; middling uplands2oJ4c. Flour cnil and heavy;
sales 7400 bb s; state $5.85 7,10; Ohio $6,55 7.35;
western $5,85 7.25; southern s6,ho 9,25. Wheat
dull amt heavy; sales 21,000 busn; No 2 s ring $1,51
1.54; wimer red western $1,58 ftp l.(M; white Michigan
$1,65 ft?) 1,77. Corn dull and heavy sales ^4,000 bush; new
imxeo western 77 ft»>77 I sc; old 78 fta 78^. Oats q shade
lower; sales 27,000 bush; Ohio and western 5554@ 5654 c.
Beef steal-, pork quiet and steady; new* mess $15,20;
old $13,50 fte 13,62. Lard steady al 95* fts 9:ic. Butter
steady. W his Key heavy and lower; western 9854 9954 c.
Ric.- thin; Carolina 8‘» fta 9c. Sugar quiet; Muscovgdo
9 ftp 10.:; relinin '9 ftp 9‘eC. Coflee quiet ami firiq: Rio
17? i ftp 20c. .Molasses firm; New Orleans 4s ftp 57c.
Spirits turpentine firm at 6554 ftp 66c; rosin imiet at $4,90
tor strained. Petroleum Arm; crude 13^4c; refined 23‘4
ftt 24c. 1 allow active al 9 ftp 95jc. Wupl quiet and very
firm; pulled 57 ftp 62‘uc.
Cuicagu, Dec. 13.—Flour unchanged. Wheat dull
and® shade lower; INO 1 spring, $1.25; No 2 do si,l9S
No 3 $1,15 ftp 1.13. Coin quiet and unchanged. Oats
drooping; No 2at 32c; rejected 28'4 ftp 29. be. live un
changcl. Barley firm; xo 2 spring 62 ftp 61 be. 4‘ork
opened firm and eh.sod dull; mess $13,70@id,25, Lard in
fair demand and advance 1, at Bm-. Green meats firm;
hams 654 ftp 8c; shogblers 4>*c; short ribs s'i ftpsHc;
'lion dear middles 514 ftp 6c. Bulk meats firm; shoulders
4 ftp 4Sic: .'hurt rib midules 6 ftp 6hc: short uk-ar mid
dles 6*B (ft, 654 c. Live ho b s active and Rigne,-, at $4,00 (o.
4,30; diesecd $4,85 ftp 4.90. Whiskey Weak, al 91c. Re
ceipts—4ooo bbls flour, 27,000 bush wheat. 123,000 bush
corn. 34.000 bn-h oats, luuo bush lye, 18,000 bush kuiev,
28.000 hog'. .Shipments 4ouO bbls Hour, 28,000 bush
wheat, 3,000 bush corn, 5000 bush oats. 1000 bush rye.
2000 bush barley, 50W hog-.
CINCINNATI. Dec. 13 —pork quiet and firm at sl3 75 Cd)
sl4. Lard dull amt Umi, asking 9 ftj 9hC, uffenng he
h-'-. Bulk meats dull ana unchanged. Bacon drooping;
shoulder.' iSc: sides ftp 7^c. nive hogs Uruoping at
$4,45 VP4.50; receipts 13,000-total number packed to date
393,000 against 244,000 la,t season, Whiskeystca.lv.
l >i; w ‘bileans, Die. ^.-L'atton quiet; middlings at
To PRODUCE that permanent elaslicity of the nerve
structure, so essential to the healthy action of the ner
vous system. lone and stimulate it with Suolandkr’s
Buchu, which entirely eradicates kidney, bladder and
glandular diseases, mental and pl.ysi ml debility, diabe
tes, gravel, female weakness and uterine maladies. It
has the emphatic endorsement of fam.ly physicians.
•I’2 deop&wlw
filial llotirts.
SliocUm lo the System.
The first shock of winter tells tremendously upon en
feebled systems. Every one knows that la passing from
a warm region to a cold une, or rice versa, the body re
quires as a protection against epidemics, an acclimating
medicine. Ail travellers and voyagers admit this. It is
equally necessary (0 acclimate the system in passing the
coniines of one season and entering upon another. Au
tumn is gone and winter is here. Prepare the frame and
the constitution to meet the change by a course of Hos
teller's Stomach Bitters. This inestimable vegetable
tonic Increases the staminal strength of those who take
11, and renders them proof to a great extent against the
devitalizing power of cold and damp. These two agents
are as prolific of disease as tropical heat, and animal
vigor—such vigoi as tins healthful and pure tonic dif
fuse' through the whole organization—ls a repellant
which they cannot master. A large proportion of the
colds, catarrhs, and pulmonary complaints w hich pre
vail in winter, ‘night be avol led, by strengthening and
regulating Hie system in advance with this invigorant
and alterative. Not. that it Is recommended as a specific
for those complaints, but ns a preventive of their causes.
On the other hand.it is not only a preventive of. but a
specific for the indigestion, intestinal irregulaillies, ma
larious fevers, bilious attacks, and nervous affection,
superinduced by a chilly and damp ainiusphere.
•114 d&wlw
Patent* Secured.
hx, ’b'ns. and Foreign Patents procured;
IntirkiLnces vvnducttd; a.l kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE,
Transfers of Right and Patent Cases attended to, by
(l x, ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass,
oi i-icE No. 303 Main st.
J* >2 <itf
■letter and Cheaper
THAN ANY OTHER BOOIS OB SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
cAR L E sCR E W WIRE.
!,re ll re I'llaMe, wore Com
or<;ai*e’ a,C ,U<r and are wananted not to Rip
CHEAPER— Because, while their first cost is not in
or P‘ KKed work ot a like grade, their
Durability is> far gieater, they preserve their Shape much
Weui- r Un la un f u K insures a more Equal
Equally applicable to light and heavy work
Ihe Immense demand having called forth imitations
consume^ should be sure th it ev«rj boot or shoe bears
the Patent Mump.
MT Suid Uy Dealers everywhere. deoplw ply
Worceater Five Cento Niivinas Hunk.
OFFICE. NO. UB MAIN STREET. WORCESTER
Thin Bank Is open every business day.from nine o'clock
in tbe morning to five o'clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
laws received, and put upon interest on the frst of everp
month.
Dividends of Interest are made In January and
July, and If not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest. Three Dol
CLAKENDOK HARRIS.
Treasurer.
rtie Worcester Mechanics Savings Rank
72/ CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon Interest on the Fifteenth dey of
•ach month.
Semi-annual Dividends In January and July.
HARRISON BLISS President.
H. Woodward. Treae'r.
deci dswtr
Vvupie’s HavingM Bunk,
452 MAIN ST.
Deposits Nov. 1,’71 $3,C4i>,0:85 HB.
Deposits are put on interest on the first day of every
month.
The net profits are divided semi-annually, in February
and August.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank is open
from 6 to 8 o'clock Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Treas.
Worcester, Nov. 2.1871. diwtf n 2
Worcester County Institution for Nuviugs
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered Februarp 8, 1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 54,54f5,i»45 90.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK, President,
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
The
WORCESTEB SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receives Monep on Deposit subject to Check at Sii/ht
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE BATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosea In Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
the Renter alone has access, are offen d to the public for
rent, at prices varying from sls to $75 each per annum.
It is u place of Securitp aqainst Fire or Bunjlarstot
depositing Valuab.es of all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages. Wills, Deeds, Jewelry, Silver Plate,
&c., received at very lew rates, fv which receipts are
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 a.m.,
and a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 v. m.
jy 14 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Sec’v
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption Is derangement ol
the digestive organs. Thia derangement produces defi
cient nutrition ami assimilation. By assimilation I mean
that process by which the nutriment ot the food Is con
vened into blood, and thence into the solids ot the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the slight
est predisposition to pulmonary disease, or ii they lake
cold, win be very liable to have Consumption’ of the
Lungs in some of its forms and I hold that it will be
impossible to cure any case of Consumption without
first restoring good digestion and healthv asdmilaiion.
The very first tiling to be done is to cleanse the stomach
ami bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which Is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform their
functions, and then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and best
remedy Is Schenck's Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse
the stomach and bowels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse It up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
Tiie stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck’s Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
the stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, and
the appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lacteal* are
weak, and requiring strength and support. It is in a
condition like this that Schenck’s Seaweed Tome proves
to be the most valuable remedv ever discovered. It is
alkaline, ami its use will neutralize all excess of acid
making the stomach sweet and fresh; it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, and prepare the system for the first
process ot a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
healthly, living blood. After this preparatory t reatment
what remains to cure most cases of Consumption is the
free and persevering use of Schenck’s Pulmonic Sprup
The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system, purifies the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There It ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form Of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to ex pel all the diseased
matter in the form of free expectoration, when once
it ripens. It la then, by the great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck’s Pulmonic syrup, that all ulcers
and cavities are healed np sound, and my patient I",
cured,
The essential thing to be done in curing consumption
is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion, so that
the body will grow in flesh and get strong. If a person
has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess there, the cavity
cannot heal, the m itter cannot ripen, so long as the sys
tem is below par. What is necessary to cure is a new
order ot things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
body to grow m flesh and get fat; then nature is helped
the cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, ami the person regain
health and strength. This is the true and only plan to
cure Consumption, ami if a person is very bad. lithe
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even if one lung is
entirely gone. If theer is enough vitality lon in the oti.e?
to heal up. there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one sound
lung, live and enjoy life to a good aid age. This is what
bcnenck s medicines will do tQcure Consumption. They
will clean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it
get up good digestion, and give nature the assistance
she needs to clear the system of all the disease that is in
the lungs, whatever the form may be.
It is.important that, while using Schenck’s medicines,
care should be exercised not to take cold; keep In doors
in cool and damp weather; avoid nigut air and take out
door exercise only in genial ami warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when 1 recommend
a patient to be careful in regard to taking cold while
using my medicine-. Ido so for a special reason. A man
who has but partially recovered from the effects of a bad
cold is im more liable to a relapse than one who has been
entirely cured, and it is precisely the same in regard to
J onsumption. bq Jung as the lungs are not perfectly
healed, just so long is there imminent danger of a full
return ui thy. disease. Hence it is that Iso strenuously
caul inn pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Cun
tlrmed consumptive*’ lungs arc a mas* of sores, which
Ilie least change ot atmosphere wifi inflame. The grand
secret ot my success with lU y medicines consists in my
ability to subdue inflammation instead of provoking it.
as many of Up faculty do. Au inflamed lung cannot
W !U; »mety to tl\e patient bo exposed to the biting blasts
ot winter Or the cljnlug winds of spring or autumn. It
should be caretMUy shielded from all irritating Influences
Ihe utmost caution should lie observed in this particular
Im^-siWlit!^ anderal,noßt Wriix-mnstances is an
Ihe person should be kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and a,| the medicines continued until the body
has restores tu it Hie natural quantity of flesh and
streiygvo.
1 was myself Cured by this treatment of the worst kind
ot Consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty
these many years, with one lung mostly gone. 1 have
curM aids since, and very .nwiy bare been cured
UV this treatment whom I have never seen.
About the tirst of October I expect to take possesion
of my new building at ihe nmthea»t corner of sixth and
Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it,
Full direct io.ps accompany all my remedies, so that a
person in any part ot the world can be readily cured bra
strict observance us the same.
zb Philadelphia.
GEORGh C. GOODWIN <t co., agents, Boston,
s* deoplf
Mathews Vtamberiain,
PLUM BEKS.
Corner Waldo and Exchange SU.. Worcester. Mas*.
Bath Tubs and Bollcra, Water Closete, Wash Bowls
▼ash Trays, Sinks &c Ac.,fitted up at short notice, anc
in a thorough manner. dtf Jyß
A Million in the Field.
Yes, a million of men. to say nothing of the ladies,
know by experience that
C'ristadoro’N Excelsior Hair I>ye
produces shade* of color that seem to have been brought
out by nature itself. They know, too, it is free from
all injurious matter, because they have used it for years,
and thus tested it by a process more certain than even
chemical analysis itself. In fact, the dally experience of
multitudes of both sexes, confirms the declararion of the
first analytical chemist In America, that the Excelsior
Dye contains “nothing deleterious to health. A good
dressing should be used after the dyeing, and the best is
CHI.STADO/lO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
d 5 deop&weo#lm
Worcester Was Ught Company.
COKE.
This Cheap ahi> most Desirable Fuel for Manufac
turing purposes and Family use, is now offered to the
public In quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices:
One Chaldron of 36 bushels $5.00
One Half do. 18 050
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may be made, and orders for its delivery will
be isi ued only at the Office ol the Companv. No. 6 Bunk
Block, roster street, up mix dtf jal
John s. ciurk Ak Son, commtsson Merchants
snd dealers tn r lour and Drain, Land Plaster, Lime, ('al
cined Piaster, Or. Bone. Cement. Salt. Guano. Super
phosphate ot Lime, and Western Produce, Nos. 237 an'’
239 Front st.. Worcester, Mass.
dtf JOHN H. CLARK A HON
On Bfarriage.—Happy Keli< i mr Yoihi- v
the effects of Errors and Abuses in early life. .Manhood
restored, seminal emissions cured. Impediments t<>
Marriage removed. New method of treatment. New
and remarkable remedies. Books and Circulars sent
tree. In sealed envelopes. Address HOWARD ASSO
CIATION, No.2South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa.
dTuATh3m
1.. 11. Hammond, M. D.,
HAS REMOVED TO No. 1 MADISON ST.
Or' office, as heretofore. No. 10 (newnumber) Myrtle
dtf lO
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. E. a. GOODNOW
u 5 VlratVatumalßank.
A o ominisson Merchants
and Dealers In Flour. Carn, Rve. Oats, Malt. Meal of al
kinds. Fine and Coarse Feed, Linseed Oil Meal. Me
ahanie street. Worcester. Mani* at»
l»r. O. H. Mia Mer.
DENTIST.
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Olllce.
nil d3m
HntcheUir’e llaii* l*ye.—Tins superb Hair Dye
is Hie in the worW—perfectly harmless reliable and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Win. A Batchelor’s
Hah Dye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural Brown: leaves the hair clean, suit be iutiful
does not contain a particle of lead o. any injurious com’
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory, 1« Bond st.. N.
^2 I'2®
Indexlcul Silver soap I
Marlon Harland, in “Common Fcnseinthe House
hold. page .r. 9 says ‘-For cleaning silver, 1 have for
yean-used the IN DEXICAL HILVER HOAP. Besides
being clean and easy of application. It will not weat
away the metal, a» will whiting or chalk or plate pow
der. Sold everywhere. d3m uulu
Hr. Henry F. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
<•l3 .nr
Dr. G. F. Harwood,
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
n 2 <J3m
MARRIED
In Boylston, Nov 30, by Rev A Bigelow, D. Wm A
Moore, Esq, to Sarah Hastings, both of Boylston.
In Webster, Dee 13, by Rev J V Osterhout, Hendrie L
Smith to Julia A Greenwood, all of Webster.
DIED
In this city. Dec 4, Mary Rogers, infant daughter of
Eden F and Luther M Capron, .Jr.
Hew ^bbtritstments.
a A REGULAR CONVOCATION
■’A\ of Hiram Council of F. A M. will be held In
^Masonic Hall. THIS (Thursday) EVENING,
Dec 14, at 754 o’clock.
dii dit <l. ^CRAWFORD^RMorder.
RLAKE LODGE NO. 49. KNIGHTS
-KN of PYTHIAS.—A regular meeting wLI be held
IHls I'hursday) EVENING, Dec. 14, at 7S o'clock.
Business of importance will be brought up. Every
member is requested to be present.
014 Jilt G. C. LAWRENCE, Bec. Mcrib..
CJ-OLD AND SILVER ARTICLES,
VJt suitable for Christmas Gifts—a rich variety al
BLAKE A ROBISSGJi'S,
<ll4 d3t 359 Maio St., cor. Foster.
Drawing school n<>ti< E.-Both
•lasses ot beginners will meet next Fridav; the
advance classes on Thursday, at which time the Super
intendent will explain the necessity of some changes
lound to be necessary in order to accommodate the
largest number. a. P. MARBLE.
d!4 dit sup't of Schools.
rpHIS DAY
JIARKED
DOWN,
OVERCOATS
REEFERS,
AND
Heavy Woolen Goods.
For the remainder of the season, I shall sell all kinds
of Winter Goods ata large discount from former prices,
and close out all ODD LUTS without regard io cost.
D. IL EAMES’
One Price Clothing House,
<?or. Mitin mid Front Sts.
<ll4 d&wtf
O L I D A Y GOODS!
We have opened and are daily receiving a Large
Assortment of
Fancy Loods!
FOR
CHRISTMAS
AND
NEW YEAR’S GIFTS
RICHLY' CARVED AND GILDED
WA-Ma POCKETS, BRACKETS,
BOOK UOI.DERB,
MATCH SAFES!
Slipper and Towel Racks,
Card Receivers,
Plain Mahogany and Walnut Desks,
French and English Desks for Ladies.
OUR STOCK OF
WILLOW GOODS
Is the best wo ever had.
Ladies'and Misses’ WORK BA>KETS. of American
and Fayal makes.
Faval CARD RECEIVERS and WALL POCKETS,
Children’s CHAIRS, Ac., Ac.
Ladies’ and Gents’ Fancy Chairs. Tables, Ac., &c.
Standing Easels and Porttolio Frames for large en
gravings.
We have on hand afull line of Trimmings, and
are prepared to do all kinds of Fancy Upholstery.
JOHN D. CHOLLAR,
NOS. 472 AND 474 MAIN ST.,
Taylor’s Granite Building,
Opp. O d South Church.
<ll4 dtf
PARTICULAR ATTENTION
IS CALLED TO ONE LOT OF
OVERCOATS
which I have thin day marked to close, at
sls.
FORMER PRICE SOO.
This 1- an Indigo Blue Beaver Coat, and the best
bargain 1 have ever ottered.
D. H. EAMES’
One Price Clothing House,
Cor. Main and Frout Sts.
<ll4 dtf
By LAMSON? GLAZIER A CO., Auctioneers.
202.204. and 206 Main st.. Worcester.
Horses, carriages, sleighs,
HARNESSES. ROBES, AND HOUSEHOLD
FURNITURE AT AUCTION’.
On Saturday, Dec. 16, at 12 1-2 o’clock,
ONE BAY HORSE,
9 years old, sound and kind, ami a goo! roadster; sate
tor ladies to drive.
CARRIAGES, 6 GOOD SLEIGHS,
3 Bairs Traverse Runnels,
ti Harnesses, about 50 Robes and Blankets, Ac.
EOT CARPENTERS* TOOLS.
AT 2 O’CLOCK-IN SALESROOM,
1 Black Walnut. Parlor Suite,
1 Chamber Suite.
3 Trimmed an 1 Painted Chamber Sets.
6 Carpets. Bids and Bedding, and a variety of House
hold Fii rm Hire, Cooking and Heating Stoves. Ac.
dll dl> HENRY GLAZIER. Auot'r.
UTEM W IN DING WATCHES (-Another
neicoweaf Waltham make, together with some Chan.
E. Jarot's, Perragean. Lange and iiourquin, at
BLAKE .1 HUBiNSO.VJL
dll d.n 359 Hain st., cor. Poster.
^yEAVEKS
WANTED!
Experienced Woolen Weavers will find steady work
and |good pay, at the Raritan Woolen Mills, Raritan,
New Jersey, bn the New Jersey Central R. R.
dim
Boarders wanted a gentiem^
and his wife, or two single ladles or gentlemen,
within three minutes' walk of City Hall. Address B. D.,
Spy Office. d3P did
Ilf ANTED—A young man who thoroughly
understands the Meat and Grocery Business. Ad
dress. stating references, and where last employed,
GEO. K. DOUGLAS,
d!4 d6t* Westboro', Mass.
W“ A N TED IM M EDIATELY—A compe
tent man to take charge of the Stitching Room in
a Shoe Factory none others need apply. For particu
lais apply In person, at the Factory of
E M DICKINSON’ A CO.,
d!4 Fitchburg, Mass. 1
Jlctu ^bbcrfrstincnls.
Mill phopebtv for sale-fm-
Manufacturing all kinds of Lumber; one of tlm
best chances in the state for Clapboards, Box Boards and
Dimension Lumber, In a section whe-e there Is an im
mense quantity of spruce of the best quality. The prop
erty is all new and In perfect order. Inquire of JOHN
GATES A Co. I.nniht-r Dealers, Vfilun 't., Worcester,
or G. W. AIKEN, Troy. Vt. dlw* dl4
1~ F()R SALE-A SPLENGI^
LAGE FARM—In a flourishing village, 6 miles
li|] from Worcester. of a mile from railroad sta-
■^tion; large convenient house, of coinmandirg ap
pearance; first-olass barn, carriage house, shops, and all
out buildings ;!35 acres of the best ot land, under good
cultivation; all the livestock upon the place, which is
ot superior quality, all the carriages, wagons and fann
ing tools upon the place, being of the most improved
kind in use. House, barn and yards snintlled with water
by never-falling elevated springs. This properly has
recently been improved by the owner, without regard to
expense, for Lis <>wn occupancy, but circumstances now
are such that he is desirous to dispose of the property at
a groat sacrifice. Also, for sale, 2 good Dw» Hing Houses
in the Depot Village, joining the depot grounds. Fur
lurther particulars inquire of
L. A. ELY A CO.,
dtf Cor. Main and Pleasant sts.
Found— a garnet Is ar king,
which the owner can have on application hi the
office of Lincoln House, cor. Main and Elm sts
<ll4 dit
IpoLNh —Dec. 11th, MONEY, whiohthe
owner can have by calling nt 34(1 Main st., Wheeler
A Wilson Rooms. d3t* dli
I^()L T ND’-A LADY’S BONNET, which
the owner can have b<- calling at the singer sowing
Machine Agency and proving property ami paving for
this advertisement. d2t* GI4
rjpHE
AMERICAN BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
docs all kinds of stitching, works button holes, and sws
over and over. If you want a Sewing Machine, be auro
and examine these before purchasing elsewhere.
I. H. STOCKWELL,
deThtf '334 MAIN STREET.
O WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.—You
are hereby notified ।hat the partnership heretofore
existing under the name of J. B. Cummings a Co.,
Dealers in Patent Wooden Eaves Troughs, Gutters, and
Conductors, Union street, Worcester, Mass., is this day
dissolved by mutual consent.
Dated. Worcester. December 13th, A. D. 1871.
J. B. CUMMINGS,
J. D. RIWSON,
H. F. COWDRY.
The above business will be conducted at said Union
street on and after this date, by the undersigned, under
the above name of J. H. Cummings A Co.
J. B. CUMMINGS.
x J. D. RAWSON.
Worcester, Dec. 13.1871. d3t* dl4
A FEW GENTLEMEN can be accommo
dated with board and rooms; also, table board, at
16 Thomas st. dtf qu
TAT ANTED —A situation as Night Watch
F man. by a man of long experience; has been for
eight years past with the New York Steam Engine
Works, on Washington st.; has a capital watch dog
well trained, to accompany him. Apply at No. 8 Sigel
st., Worcester. <l3t* 414
TV ANTED A small tenement of three or
V four rooms, for man and wife—one within three
minuten’ walk of City Hall preferred. Address, or apph
to J. F.. Spy Press Room, art r three o’clock r. m. dallv.
dl4 d3t»
SE V EN LIGHT AN D TWO G ROCERY
SLEIGHS for sale by G. HEED,
d!4 deoptf 171 Union st.
TO LET—A large furnished front chamber,
suitable for gentleman amt wife, with or without
board; use ot piano if desired. No. 11 Thomas st. Ref
erence required. dtf ,114
110 LET.—A Shop to let. No. 174 South-
bridge st.. 110 ieet long, 254 stor es high, and cellar
under all bui ding; large windows all round the building
will make a very good Boot and Shoe Shop. Rent low’
Apply at No. 176 Southbridge st. dtjal dl4
^nsurnnct.
IJIHE
PEOPLE’S
Fire Ins. Co.,
OF WORCESTER.
Capital, 8400,000.
AUGUSTUS N. CURRIFR. Secretary.
HENRY CHAPIN, President.
SAMUEL 11. COLTON, Treasurer.
IXSURAXCE PLACED TO ANY
AMOUNT IN THB MOST RESPONSI-
BLE COMPANIES IX THE UMTEO
STATES.
nl dtf
O Y L Y OK" E MUTUAL
Fire Insurance Company.
STATEMENT »RC. 1, 1871.
Amount Injured SlS,tB4 3,705.
Krnl Estate 1 0.70
Peraonal Estate 4,3H1, 151.50
Cai»h 4'apital £75,000,00
Surplus Ig4,i 40.13
Dividends paid at expiration <>n Policies made lor one,
three or five years. Proposals for Insurance may be
made through
S. A. IIOWLAXB, Agent.
N«. 83 Pearl Bl Opposite the Post Office.
<l4 deoptf
gTA T E M U T^U~A~L
LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY,
OF WORCESTER. MASS.
ISAAC DAVIS. President.
CLARENDON HARRIS, Secretaiyj
Accumulated Fund $1,035,007 S 4.
Losses Paid 058,4150 00.
Dividends Paid 40*4,300 00.
CHARTERED IS 14.
Principles: Cash’in all business—Care in the selec
tion of risks—Pur hence in investing the premiums—
Economy in management—Annual Dividends of «ur
plus—Uontribv'Oon plan of distribution—An. Policies
Nonforfeitable tinder the law 01 Massachusetts—A
ull Equivalent to the Policy-holders for every
dollar paid to the Company. The Conniany having no
stockholders to make a profit out us the business, the
entire assets and all the accruing surplus belong to
policy Holders alone.
'1 ie widows and orphans of the insured are not
qulred to take any part of the insurance, when it
comes a claim, m the premium notes of the deceased.
The Interest Alone received on the Invested Funds
of the Company in tHe last ten years has paid all the
losses by death during that period and thirty-live (35)
percent, of al! other expenses. What other Life comj
pany san show as good a record
GOOD RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED. Liberal
terms will be offered Ito the right men. Apply to the
•Supt. of Agencies,” at the office ol the Company,
OK >lnin St. deoDtf ap2l
rpHE:
BAY STATE
Fire Insurance Company,
WORCESTER, MASS.
DEC. 4, 1871.
CAPITAL, $200,000. CASH ASSETS, 335,094.75
WM. N. RAVIS, President.
r. C. CROSBY, Jr., Secretary.
D. L. MILLER,. Assistant Secretary.
Commonwealth of* AlaMMHcliusettN.
Office of Insurance Commissioner, I
Bost- N, Dee. 4, 1871.
The Bay State Fire Insurance Company ot Worcester,
having increased its capital trom $1( 4.800 io .$200,060. I
hereby certi’y that 1 have this day examined the securi
tiesand books of said comp my, and find that its new
capital has been paid in and properlv Investe<l. I also
find that the company has now a paid-up capital of
$200,000, invested tn accordance wl h the law. and is in
possession of legitimate a-sets amounting to $335,094.74,
with less than $12,000,000 at risk, y bile its liabilities, in
cluding re-Insurance reserves taken at fifty per c-’nt.
amount to $95,140.42. thus showing a surplus of $239,954.33
as regards its policy hoMers.
(Signed) JULIUS L. CLARK E.
dll dti Ins. Com’r.
yyORCESTER COUNTY MECHANICS
ASSOCIATION.
Thursday Evening', December 14,1871,
LECTURE B V
MRS. MARV A. LIVERMORE.
Subject—What shall we do with our Daughters?
(^Single rickets 25 cts.—for sale at the usual
place*. d2t dis
0 H cREEN LEA F
DEALER IN
Fruit ami Confectionery!
541 MAIN ST.,
n 27 dtf Worcester, Mass.
U 1 HO tn Q"»tl i>"'' "'""t 11 ituwnn
♦Jp J' I" jh/O v/ f cd sure to Agentsevery-
where selling our new seven strand White Platina
Clothes Lines. Sells readily at every house. Sample
free. Address the <ll RA RD IRE M ILLS,
0*23 deopAweow2m* Philadelphia. Pa.
TOOBOESTER
Industrial Advertising Agency
A N I>
OEXF.RAL INTKI.I.IOEME OFFICE,
Room No. 1 Rogers’ Block,
Corner Main ami Pleasant streets.
Life, Fire mid Accidental Insurance
Promptly Attended to.
HOUSES. TENEMENTS. SHOPS, STORES. ROOMS,
AC.. SECURED FOR THOSE WHO WISH.
Property Rented, Bill* Collected, Situations Found for
Domestics, and Help obtained on the most reasonable
terms. Domestics secured tor general housework, cooks,
chambermaids. kitcticn girls, table waiters for hotels
and saloons, and general information given to those who
are coming into the city and are looking for work, or de
sire a situation in any kind of business.
AGENTS WANii'ED—To canvass the country and
sell Patent Articlesand Yankee Notions.
Office hours from K to 12, trom 2 to 5, and 6 to
“21 dU