RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE
December 17?Third Sunday
In Advent.
Balifiooa A nnouncementa Herald Religious
Correspondence?Religious Notes,
Personal and General
SmvIcm Tc-Dm jr.
Anniversary services will be held In the Canal
?met Presbyterian cburcn, Greene street, this
naming and afternoon. Kev. David Mitchell will
aoelate.
"The Old Man and the New Man" will be the sub
ject of Rev. P. L. Davis' discourse this morning In
Berean Baptist churcn.
Rev. J. Ptncknev llammond, of Reading, Pa., will
vreaeh In Christ church this morning, and Rev. D.
Rylance In the evening, m behalf of the Midnight
Mission.
Rev. Andrew Longacre will preach, morning and
evening, in the Central Methodist Episcopal church.
Kev. Wm. h. Pendleton will preach this morning
In the Fifty-third street Baptist church on "The
Burning Bush," and in the evening on Stephen's
dying exclamation.
Rev. Dr. Krotel will preach this morning and
evening in the Evangelical Lutheran church of the
Holy Trinity.'
Rev. Chauncey Giles will lecture this evening in
the new church (Swedenborgian) in Thirty-fifth
street, on "The Judgment of Man?What It Is, When
and Where it Takes Place, and How It Is Effected."
Rev. E. C. Sweetser will preach this evening in
the Bleeoker street Universalis! church on the sub
ject of "King Alcohol, His Ravages, and Our Duty
Concerning Him."
Rev. P. Julius Pottgelsser will deliver a lecture in
the Assembly Rooms, Second avenue and First
street, this evening, on "No Religion."
Rev. Dr. F.agg will preach in the Church of the
Resurrection this morning.
Rev. H. D. Northrop will preach this morning and
evening in tne West Twenty-third street Presby
terian churcn. His astronomical discourse will be
delivered In the evening.
Rev. J. M. Pullman will preach morning and
evening In the Church of onr Saviour. The subject
of his evening discourse will be The Bondage of
Fashion."
Rev. C. S. narrower will this evening commence
a series of discourses on "The Lost Things" in St.
Luke's Metnodist Episcopal church.
Rev. Charles F. Lee will preach in the Finn Uni
versalis! church (Chtckenng Hall) this morning and
afternoon. His subject in the aiternoon wiB be
"toe Choice of Midas, or the Curse of Riches."
Rev. J. H. Vincent will preach this morning, in
St. Luae's Methodist Episoopal church, on "The
Sunday Schools and the Church."
Rev. Dr. Merrill Richardson wul preach morning
and evening in the New England Congregational
ehurcb.
Bishop Potter will preacn in St. Paul's church,
Yorkvllle, this morning. Confirmation will be ad
ministered after the sermon.
Rev. Dr. Everts, of Chicago, win preach this morn
tag and evening in the Taoernacle Baptist chnrch.
"Moving Forward" will be the subject of Rev. J.
J. White's discourse In the Attorney street Metho
dist Protestant chnrch this morning and In the even
ing niB subject will be "The Bed too Short and the
Covering too Narrow."
Bishop Snow will discourse on "The Downfall of
she Popedom a Prominent Sign of the Speedy Ap
pearing of Christ."
At the Protestant Episcopal Church of St. Mary
the Virgin, West Forty-nitn street, between Broad
way and Eighth avenue, the full choral service,
with litany and the Holy Eucharist, commencing at
half-past ten this morning. At four P. M. evening
prayer, and at half-past seven this evening Com
pline, with full choral service ana sermon. The
seats are tree, the expenses of the parish being de
frayed by the offertory only.
Tnis morning at eleven o'clock there will be
Dtviue service at the Russian chapel. No. 961 Second
avenue, near Fiftieth street. After the liturgy,
which is partly In the English, partly In the Russian
language, there will be a short sermon by the Rev.
Father Bjerrlng in the English language. The pub
he are invited.
The Four UmpcI*.
Do the Editor op tbr Herald:?
Will yon allow me a lew remarks concerning the
article on the "Four Gospels" In your last Sunday's
tasue 1 agree with your correspondent that the
?'Holy bplrtt is the author of the four productions/'
ant that "He Is the author or even the very worus"
Is s statement whloh, 1 think, needs some explana
tion. The Holy Fathers all agree In saying the
Bcriptnres nave God as their author. Clement of
Home calls them "oracles of the Uoiy Ghost." St.
Augustine says "the Scripture is the epistle of Al
mighty God to His creatures." God, then, is the
principal author, no doubt. But God made use of
men in writing His oracles. Mow, were these writers
mere amanuenses, merely writing down every
word dictated to them by Godf Or did God
?imply suggest to them tne mutter, leaving
them the choice ol the words and style
We think the latter opinion 1b more reasonable. It
stands in harmony witn the scriptures themselves;
Cor If every word were dictated to them by God,
then, Indeed, there would be no room for "imper
fections, mental peculiarities," Ac., as your corre
spondent asserts. But how will lie explain (U.
Maccabees, xv., 30):?"Which If 1 have dune well,
and as it becometh tne history. It is what l desired;
but M not bo perfectly it must be pardoned me f?
And If no choice ol words is leu tho writer how will
ho account lor the dineieuce ol style? how explain
111. Maccabees, 11., 27):?"And as to ourselves, in
deed, in undertaking this work of abridging we have
taken no easy task; yea, rather a business lull
of watching and sweat r" And still clearer is (St.
Lake, i., 8):?"It seemed good to me, also, having
diligently attained to all things from the beginning,
to write to thee in order, most excellent Theophi
Ins." What need was there ot such diligence if God
had dictated every word to him _
Verbal inspiration was a lavonte theory with the
Protestants in the first neriod. but ihey soon
abandoned it, and now we near irom the Protestant
pnlplts ol Mew York that the Bible is no more man
any ordinary book containing some excellent prin
ciples ot morailtr. Anu, indeed, nothing else could
he expected from the logical consequence of pri
vate judgment in matters or laitb, Tiie only sum
elent ruio in this matter Is the infallible authority
of the Catbollu Church. Auil, indeed, St. Augus
tine says:? "1 would not believe In the Gospels ir
the authority of the Catnolic Church did move me
thereto." 'this Church nas defined in Council ol
Trent and Vatican I. tnat the holy books, with all
their parts, are sacred and canonical.
To sum up, then, 1 admit with jour correspondent
that God is tne author ol tho sacred Scriptures, but a
verbal inspiration Is scarcely admissible, nor is it at
all neceasar.v. President Grant, lor instance, may
suggest to one of his secretaries the ideas he wishes
embodied in bis message, and certainly the Presi
dent is the author of the message and not the secre
tary, who may use Ills own words aud stylo. Ho,
too, the sacred Scriptures,
it is always vain to endeavor to prove too much.
CATUOUOUS.
The Written Word.
To the Editor of the Herald:?
There is considerable ado made In the nun
Catholic religious worla in regard to the revision ot
King James' Bible, under the auspices of the Angli
can Church, which Is now In progress in England,
some, however, believing, with Bishop Whitenouse,
of Illinois, that as the "old Bible Is crystallized
In the heart of English Christendom" the move
ment Is doubtful, and therelore susceptible of mis
chief; aud others?and these the great majority?
treating the subject with indifference, believing
that it will have no beneficial results, only gotten
op by a handful of stuplu Anglican priests, who
possess more musty erudition than the evangelical
power of preachiug the Gospel, and some few well
meaning old ladles and gentlemen look at It In a
rose-colored way, thinking that It will heal the
ovlls or Anglo-Saxon Protestantism, bring about
?nlty, and, in fine, culminate in a religious millen
nium on the earth. Two hundred and fifty years
hove rolled away since King James' Bible was
launched out in the English speaking world as tho
Alpha and Omega, the summum bonum,
the opu* magnum of Protestant Christianity,
which was to i>e to every genulue John bull
hiaown priest, his own tabernacle, and his own
altar, where, under uis own vine and fig tree, ft
would be a guide in this life and to the life to come.
England, two hundred aud hfty years ago, though
she had been lor more than fifty ycurs in heresy,
yet was to the heart christian, and since that time
this Ubtle has been widely circulated, and what is
tue result to-day f England to-day, m the language
of bishop Lvncn, of Canada, has at least five rab
imils -of men and women who are so plunged ia
intellectual and moral degradation that they do not
enow their right hand from their left," and, In the
United State* of America, we have more than blteen
millions or nnbaptlzed heathens, though some of
them pretend to believe in a vulgar superstition
which they call religion, yet which brings them no
nearer to the spirit of Christian life and practice
than is reached bv the most benighted pagans in
China and Japan: It being left to American heathen
ism to develop child murder to be among the most
important discoveries in art and science; and the
case will also bold good in Canada, in Australia,
and other colonlnl dependencies or lintuln. Now,
if this new revision or tne Bible, in ten, In
twenty years, will be the means of bringing back
one lourth of these domestic heathens to Chris
tianity, It will surely, therefore, lie a good and
a great work. But no man who calmly views
the subject, and who p ssesses not even common
sense but toe sense that is common, believes ihat It
will have any such eitect whatever. It may not he,
then, out of place to notice a couple of points,
which, in this connection, have a special bearing
on ihla subject, and the llrst one is tne relation
which the Bible bears to Christianity, and, second,
as a moral and a religious teacher of men. It Is a
pretty well attesieo fact by modern Biblical scholars,
Protestant as well as Catholic, that the Church
existed lor many years before the Now Testament
was completely written. The Church from toe llrst
as founded by Christ 011 the Apostles was a visible
Church, composed of living men, wl:n full authority
from the Saviour to teach "all nations." The Bible
was irom the llrst?the Old Testament being a his
tory of ihe Jewish people?a record oi prophecy
In regard to the coming of the Messiah and
lull 01 mspired teachings by holy men;
and tne New Testament also being a history of our
Lord's earthly pilgrimage and the inspired teach
ings of toe Apostles, the Bible then was, and is now,
simply a divine historv, a const it utiouul adjunct of
the Church and collateral testimony, but by no
means the Cburch aud the infallible guide of Chris
tianity. The American constitution Is the inunda
tion of the American Bute, and tne Bible Is also the
inundation ot the Church. But the Bute needs law
officers to rule ihe state, ami also the Church needs
officers to rule the church. The State Is viBiblo by
Its rulers, and so Is the Church. Bat Protestantism,
from Us birtn, has rejected a vislblo Church, "a
visible priesthood, and has set up the Bible as the
sum total ol Christianity, and the only infallible
guide of faith aud practice." It Is a holy, bat a
dead book, aud tbererore every seif sufficient loot
has lead it, during tne last three centuries, to
bis own damnation. In regard to the Bible, how
ever, as a moral and a religious teacher, as the com
panion ol the Cburch, it Is tar dine rem. Catholi
cism, daring the lust ten centuries, has almost ignored
the Bible as an adjuuet with the Chnrcti, to build us
a christian lue which the religious demoralization
of France, Spain and Italy proves to-dav, and Pro
testantism has made it Christianity, which had
there'ore brought about in Protestant countries
heathenism. Both are wrong. But lor the baptized,
confirmed, earnest, believing Christian who wishes
to live up, in tue eyes or men to the faith that is in
him, aud wno wishes to walk, if possible, in imita
tion ol Jesus Christ, as a spiritual imitator. It is bet
ter than all the writing or too Latin and Creek
fathers and meducval doctors from Augustine down
to John henry Newman. W. c. I).
Is Church Music Overdone t
To the Editor or the Uerald:?
Knowing the Herald takes an interest In religions
matters, as In everything of consequence, l -feel I
may venture a lew remarks on the churches of Nffw
Yotk. I attended Dr. Chapm's cburch, on Fifth
avenue, having heard so much of his preaching. I
expected a great deal, aDd 1 was not disappointed.
I am sorry I cannot say the same of his congrega
tion. He deserves more. The fore part of the service
seemed a concert. The young lady, whom we all
know througn the Herald, certainly sings charm
ingly and ib very pleasant to listen to; but do we go
to church only to hear a good singer Bo It seems,
for tne cburoh with the best singer Is always
crowded. The first hymn is sang bv Mademoiselle.
Dr. cnspln then kneels in prayer, but bis congrega
tion but bow their heads. Are they worshipping
God or i ninklng of the singer r 1 should say the
latter, else they would be on their knoes, as the
hymn Just sung tells them?
Oh, let u? to His eouru repair.
And bow with adoration mere;
With joy and fear, devoutly all,
Before the Lord, our Maker, fall.
Then, the prayer finished, another hymn Is begun
by the songstress and nearly an or the gentlemen,
and?1 am sorry to say?many ladles, turn their
laces to the choir and their backs to the altar, i
ask, is this right? Dr. chapin's is not the only
cburch that this evil is creeping into. Ought we
not one day at least devote to God; ought we not to
join in his praise as oar forefathers did, kneel in
trayer and humble ourselves before our King?
o not our tellow creatures humble, ves, even kneel,
before living kings?a king by name? aud we seem
to lorget the duty aa well as love we owe to Him,
the Kliig of Kings. I believe this could be remedied
by the preacher impressing on the minds of his
hearers how much nearer It brings them to God. I
don't believe a human being can earnestly pray
unless he is on his knees. C. T. D.
Intermarriage Between Jown nnd Christian*.
To the Editor o? the Herald:?
In answer to tne article in last Bnnday's Herald
treating of marriage between Jews and Christians,
allow me to offer a lew remarks. A question such
I as tnis oilers wide scope for reflection, argument
I and much dilating. It Decomes us not to treat it in
a partisan, not to say religious spirit, which is
always endowed with some rancorous and acrimo
nious Insinuations or even acoosations. But to the
subject. The writer of the last article certainly was
a Christian and a bigoted one. His allusions to the
Bible, his deductions, wore not those ol an impar
tial essayist, but only salted to his purpose, which
is to keep the Christian from marrying tbo Jew and
viae versa. The great obstacle la reierenco to the
Messiah has long been vanquished; Ills advent
is no more expected by the reioriueu Jew than tne
resurrection by the Christian, bucb fallacies, sucn
sophisms have lung been scattered to tue wind, and
the religious, educated persou or the present cen
tury is the oue with a foitu in unison witn his com
mon sense; supernatural, lllusiouary wonders, mira
cles aud workings keep us no longer in awe.
To do right, and lead a virtuous uie are wnat true
religion leaches and every mail's Bible is mmseil;
in us do we ttud truth; deveiop It aud profit tnureoy.
In tnis talth we are all united; In its periormauce
we arc only separated. As caste ol stutiou, wealth,
Ac., has sun* and caste of Intellect ana culture has
taken us place, so sink and will sink all uigoirv,
fanaticism, intolerance, blind faith, compulsory be
lieving. and in its steau reign Psyche, the soul, that
wnat we can understand by our senses will we be
lieve. in nature wo find our religion; in its
spheres build our temples. What is God?
An invisible power regulating aud govern
ing. Is not- this the same what our new era
tnmkers call nature? Therelore God and
nature are two terms to ono meauing. This we can
understand, comprehend; consequently nellcve it.
Tho orthodox Jew, the fanatical Christian, will
never intermarry; only the more develope I ueiugs,
who adore nature, praise its works, elevate Iks
cuitus, where natural atllnity attracts, are not
daunted by ceremony und form. With these the cru
ciflxiou of Chiist is not a stumbling block and a
scandal to me Jew, nor the weeping Jesus aa ob
stacle lor tho Christian. Had Jesus' religious doc
trines been carried out there never would nave been
a christian and Jewish religion separately; and if He
suffered deatn lor His reiorins, His late was almost
shared by every reformer, us rat as persecution goes,
viz.Moses, Bocrates, Mohammed, calviu. Huss,
Galileo, and many others; ana each and every oue
lett the world grand achievements. True happiness
comes only Irom rhe conscience and iroui tne heart;
the one is our Gospel, the other teaches love, aud in
these we find truthful convictions. Therciore,
should tue Messiah be expected, ft will be only in
the acceptance ot a universal, goodly doctrine. The
masses will then follow in good lcllowslilp, and ibo
greatest reform will mass under the emblem,
"Love thy neighbor as thyself." A. L. T.
The Female Pope.
To the Editor or the Herald:?
In several editions of the Sunday Herald I orten
came across letters contributed by zealous chris
tians, of different denominations. In lavor of or
against dogmas dlflerlng among tbcm; others ar
guing the "Immortality of tho" Soul," the "Exist.
euceofGod," the "Origin of Man," Ac., all being
Incomprehensible to the mortal's mind, who, after
having lormed In himself his own opinion on tho
subject, throws aside all others' opinions aud sug
gestions as worth loss. Tflereiore. Instead ol worry
ing tlieir minds wiiy does not somebody come out
aud enlighten his fellow creatures on some Histori
cal event happening during the Middle Ages, which,
owing to tue ignoranoe and superstltiou ruling in
those ages, was allowed io sleep a deep sleep in the
worm-eaten pages of the manuscripts of bygone
times?
Why does not some one of the contributors to
your world-Instructing paper enlighten us on the
subject of the female I'ope Jobaua. who sat on the
holy seat for several years I am sure there are
many who wonid like to know whether auy such
woinuu ever existed, or wnether it was a fabrica
tion intended to throw shame and slander on the
lloly Bee. 1 hope some one will take up tne subject
and answer It at once. k.
Foreign .Tlimleaartee.
The Reformed Ohnrch or Scotland have appointed
the Rev. James Mariiin, A. M., M. D., to be their
first missionary to Byria. The missies is to be con
ducted conjointly with the Irish Reformed Church.
A devotional missionary meeting was recently held
in Glasgow for tne purpose or commending the
Rev. Gavin Martin, Rev. George Macallster, Rev.
B. K. iianna ana Dr. James sommervuie to tne
divine protection, as tliey were about to leave lor
the mission field, three of them lor Rajpootana and
one for Jamaica, all in connection wltn tne United
Presbyterian Cnuroh. The lorelgn missions of this
Church have Issued a notice apprising their young
ministers and students that missionaries are wanted
tor caflraria, Trinidad, India aud China, and that
rour and a mcdisai missionary sure wanted ror old
Calabar.
Rcrrcstlra si the Msbkaih.
Tho Young Men's Christian Association of this
city do a good thing in making their dno quarters
an attraction on Bnnday. Excellent hooka and
warm and comfortable rooms are open to all, and
?uiiAtela refreshments, with a cup ot tea, at air,
o'clock, are free K> all who will stay to enjoy them.
This is the way to make the house aud tue hall a
place of pleasant resort.
The Hebrew Tranaliulea of a Letter from
Rev. Dr. Ilildeehelmer, Chief Rabbi of Ber
lin.
Bbrun, the stxih day of the year yai.
Peace to the honorable aa<l righteous men, Menacti
ern Goldsmith and Marcus Lichtenstein, of the
city of New York.
Yonr letter has reached me, and r do exceedingly
rejoice thai there la yet a uod-iearing man (Mr.
Hurtleld) among you who Is proficient in the vernac
ular and able to stand up against these law
lntrtnging people who aim their arrows to
destroy our holy religion by the custom of temale
singing in a synagogue. Woe be unto tue ears that
hear such cawlngs. May God support him to exalt
htm in the holy laws and the tear or God. And con
cerning ray mteriering la ibis matter, write to the
God-fearing rabbles in Europe in the name or a
committee, and we shall conjointly use our whole
power and influence In the prevention of tne con
joint chanting of females and males in onr syna
gogues. Most respectfully,
Dr. H1LDES HE1MER.
Religious Notes?Personal and Oeneral.
ltev. William R. Alger, who returned to Boston
from Paris in the fall in serlona ill health, Is rapidly
recovering.
Rev. Lyman D. Calkins, late of Brooklyn, l. L, baa
been installed pastor of the Presbyterian churoh at
Money, Pa.
Rev. Horace Fletcher, D. D., pastor of the Bap
tist churcn in lownshend, Vt., died November 2V,
at the age or seventy-five years.
Rev. Freaerlok G. Clark, D. D., of New York city,
has received a unanimous call from the Genevan
Presbyterian church, Gates avenue, Brooklyn.
Rev. Dr. A. w. Leeland, of Colnmbla. s, C., died
on the nth mst., lroin a stroke ot paralysis, at an
advanced age. Ho was Moderator 01 the General
Assembly which sat in Cincinnati lu i?6i.
Rev. Thomas H. Skinner, lately ot Fort Wayna,
Ind., son of the late Dr. T. II. Skinner, Professor in
Union Theological Seminary, New York, has ac
cepted a call troiu the Second Presbyterian church
01 Cincinnati.
The Prudential Committee of the A. B. C. F. M.
request the churches co-opcratlng with the Board to
make an annual collection, specifically, for the
work in nominally Christian lands?a Held which it
was voted to occupy at the late annuui meeting.
The Church Journal (Epscopal organ), of this
city, Is to pass, on January l, 1872, into tue posses
sion of the Rev. William A. Matson, D. D., and the
Rev. William T. Gibson, D. D., heretofore known
editorially irom long connection with the Gospel
Messenger.
Rev. J. H. Wtngfleld, D. D., rector of Trinity
church, In Portsmouth, Va? died 011 Tuesday, tne
Mh Inst. On Sunday be olhclated at morning and
evenmg service at Trinity cuuroh, and on the pre
ceding Wednesday celebrated the fiftieth anniver
sary of his rectorship.
Bishop Baser, of the Methodist Episcopal Chnrch,
living in Concord, N. 11., is very low, havlug had a
second paralytic attack within a few days. Bishop
Baker has for several veurs been unable, through
physical Infirmity, to perform any doty, and has,
therefore, been placed on the superannuated list.
A new Baptist churcn has been organized in
Rochester, starting with seventy-three members
from eleven different churches. It Is an off
shoot nialniy from the Second church, and does not
originate Irom any disaffection, bat. from a desire to
plant a house or worship in a new district of well
to-do-citizens where a promising field Is offered.
The Amenctn Peace Society will hold a meeting
at Cooper Institute on Monday evening next to up
hold the Treatv of Washington, which Instrument
provides ror a High Court ol Arbitration, not only
for a pacific settlement of all pending difficulties
between the United .states and Great Britain, but
establishes a precedent for the settlement of all se
rious controvers.es between nations.
Rev. Jonn Nelson, D. D., one of the oldest preach
ers in Massachusetts, died at his residence in Lei
cester on the 0tn mst. He has been pastor ol the
Congregational churcn m that town since 1813, and
though for some elgnteen years past he has been an
invalid, be has been able to preach occasionally uu
til within a year. Since 1844 he has had a colleague.
Dr. Nelson was horn about the year I7si>, in Wor
cester, and graduated at Williams College. He was
first settled at Leicester, where tne whole of bis
ministerial hie of over fifty-eight years has been
spent.
THIRTY-FOURTH STHEliT SYNAGOGUE.
Fruitfnlncss in Affliction?Faith nuslng Joy
Amid Troubles and Jiereavcriients? Sermon
by Or. Virtnvcr.
The more one studies the doctrines of Jndatsai,
as taught in the pulpit of the Thirty-fourth street
synagogue by Dr. Vidaver, the moro he must be con.
vinced that, save in one particular?tnat relating to
the Messiah?there is no variance between it and
the most orthodox Christianity. In both salvation
is made dependent upon faith in God, and the fruits
of righteousness are aliite in each. Yesterday
tne Doctor's theme was "Frultiutness in Affliction,"
based upon Joseph's declaration, as found in uene
sls, xli., 52, on the birch of his son?"The Lord hath
made me fruitful in the land or my affliction."
Long before the law was revealed on Sinai and
taught to the children of Israel they had been
shown examples of mighty faith In the Patriarchs.
Like children, who arc llrst taught to think before
they talk, so had they been taught that the glory
and power of religion resides in our fnith
RELIGION IS THE ONLY ANCHOR
of our hope. In it alone can we find support and
encouragement m the land of our affliction. Ana
this is true whether of nations or of indiviuuais. Wo
cannot imagine a religious man, be his prayers never
so long and nis fastings never so many, who, with
a firm trust in God and a life marked by chanty and
good will toward men, will not, m the darkest hour,
as well as 111 the heyday of lite, calmly resign him
self to that Providence which controls' nil nis steps
andsirews them with flowers or with thorns, as
mar seem best for bun. Open the iiook of i'snlins
and you shall find on every page, said the rubbl,
promise alter promise mane to the man of laitu.
lie wno really trusts in Uod tan sad over stormy
seas in saiety, while others are shipwrecked, be
cause He who controlled! tUe winds and the waves
Is witn htm. lie shall Inuo me in his navilion of
grace, said the royal ban; He is a shield to all tnem
that trust In film. While afflictions overtake tne
wicked the Lord denverelh the righteous out of
tnem. Tuis Ls the doctrine ol Judaism. This was a
favorite song with tne Psalmist, and nothing can be
more lortuyiug to the heart of inau. We often
preach those doctrines from the Hook, said the Doc
tor?they are taught from ail the pulpits of our city:
but
THEY PALL DEAP UPON THE EARS
of our hearers. I'ou come to the synagogue to pray
to God, uud yon say you ilrmly bollovc in Ills
providences and mercies, and yet how lew there
ore who do put that trust iu God which we had
everywhere manuested by tne ancient patriarchs i
Too many look upou those doctrines as line spun
religious theories, good enough for the synagogue
or tno church, but uot for the home or the counting
house, the mart of business or the mechanics'
workshop. Aud as soon as you leuve tins syna
gogue to-day laiewcll to these realities or uiith and
or religion. You don't know aud you can't know
the uomiorts of religion in the days of evil. No man
or woman here needs to be told that the days ot evil
are many aud are full of sorrow. Arc you sure that
the sky of prosperity which is so clear and culm
to-day will be so to-morrow This is the Inheritance
ot every son and daughter ol Adam. Aud Solomon,
the wisest of men, bids as remember the dark days
to come, and which aro certain at some time or
another to overtake every one ol us, no matter what
may be our condition in life, whether wo
LIVE IN A I'A LACK OR IN A 110VKL.
No one doubts this, and yet how tew prepare
themselves to meet them so as to be ready to ex
claim with Joseph, "The Lord hath made me fruit
ful in lite land ot my affliction."
Job, who was stripped ot everything?every green
hope of lus hie, every eartnly joy taken away, jot
he could trust iu too Lord even though lie should
slur htm. We must not ask, does mat man stider
but. rather, now does ho suiter? liow can lie
stand up under those ills r liis heart was fixed ou
Uod. Kvcryining external that the world gave he
had lost, but mat winch was internal, whicn God
gave him, was saveu. We don't utter due spun
theories, tiierelorc, when we say that many are the
affllctluus of the righteous, but the Lord delivereut
him out ol tlicm all. Light In darkness, strength
id weakness, Joy in sorrow, aud victoiv over all are
the heritage ot those who put tueir trust lit God.
From the history of Joseph wo learn now religion
qualities a man for the battles ol life ami ills him
lor eternity. He was the child of lovo and directum
In his lather's house, the subject of his dreams by
night aud his meditations by oay. Hut in a moment
he is snatched away; a father's uopes are destroyed
and the lad is driven into slavery. He who was
born to rule now occupying ino meanest position ou
earth and in a land of M rangers. Dan you Imagine,
the rabbi asked, a more desoiaie couditioa until
that? Aud yet
JOSEi n IS NOT DEJECTED
nor despondent, wnat is it that makes him bear
up in these tryiug circumstances? only trust iu
God. "1 have the Lord constantly beiore me," he
could sav, "and therefore will 1 not be ufrutd."
When the wicked woman tempted hkm he was able
to reply, "I cannot do this great wickedness and sin
against God." In prtsou his associates saw intelli
gence and faltu in ma eyes, and they told tueir
dreams and poured their sorrows into his ears and
he assurod tneiu tnat interpretation of dreams be
longed to uod aione. And wiien he stood before
Pharaoh he gave a similar answer, "Altai the Lord
is about to do lie maketn known onto the King."
Trained irom childhood to look upon Uod us the
disposer of huuian affairs, whether lor prosperity or
adversity, he woh neither inflated by the one nor
cast down by the other, but was ready to say at all
times and under all circumstances, ??The Lord gave
aud the Lord hath taken away, and blessed be the
uameof the Lord." Ami thus every man who has
been rostered in true faith can take whatever of good
or evil cometh because tne Lord sendeili it. l'ue
Doctor then explained what was mount by true
faith, not a thing of tuo memory, bat ol tne heart.
He further illustrated its power over the life and Its
calm and peaceful effects, aud urged hw hearers to
isalt it nod follow hard after lb
RELIGION IN GERMANY.
The Law Against the Priests Adopted
in the German Reichstag.
How a Clergyman May Be Punished and for
What Offltnoe?The State Aboye Criticum
Miniater Luta'e Conree?Impoteney of the
New Law-The Old Catholiee in Ana
tria?The Bavarian King and
Hia Minister Lnta-The Preae
Opposed to the Law.
MUNICH, Oct. 28, 1871.
The Bavarian motion made in the German Reich
stag (or the addition ot a paragraph In the penal
code providing lor the punishment for the misuse
of the pulpit for political objects, and adopted on
Saturday lost, haa excited public opinion here to
the highest degree, the Old Catholics rejoicing as
much as ihe rival party ts indignant, the para
graph, in Its accepted torm, reads thus:?"A priest,
or any other servant ol religion, who in the exer
cise or In the occasioning of the exercise of his call
ing publicly before a multitude, or who In a chnrch
or in another ptace of religious assemblies shall
make ailalrs of the State the subject or an announce
ment or debato In a manner dangerous to the public
peace, shall bo sentenced 10 imprisonment or arrest
In a fortress to the extent of two years." The mo
tion was not accepted unanimously, as may be well
supposed; especially d?d the extreme liberal ele
ment see in such an extraordinary measure the cur
tailing 01 Ireedom of speech and conscience, and
the clericalB strained every nerve to Its deieat. Tne
Bavarian Minister, Lutz, nowevcr, carried the meas
ure triumphantly through, and the liberal religious
press here can hardly ilnu worls enough In his
praise for his success. It appeared, nevertheless,
rather a humiliating confession for Lutz to make,
namely, that it was for the German Reichstag to de
cide
WHO WAS TO KB MASTER IN TI1E BAVARIAN HOUSE
HOLD.
the royal authority or the Romish hierarchy.
Reichenspcrger, Windthorst, Bishop Ketteler and
others expeuded a large amount of sopnistlcism In
battling against the assertion that the Catholic
Church assumed the absolute dominion over the
State and the laws, and endeavored to make this
assumption reality wherever she could; but Minister
Lutz, making excellent use of his recent stndms on
the ecclesiastloal question, wou over many from
the opposition to his views, especially by his cita
tions from Bellarnnn, from the measures of the Vati
can Council, as well as quotations from the "Clvllta
catholics." Cardinal Bellarmln said. It may be re
membered, and as quoted bv Lutz, when speaking
of tbe indirect power of the Pope in temporal mut
ters, that "though the Pope cannot dispossess
princes he can nevertheless change the govern
ments (ministers ft lor others necessary to the wel
fare of tne soul; the Pope cannot, ludeed, make
secular laws or abolish them, but he can do so wncu
such laws are necessary for tbo welfare of the soul
and the King will not grant them," Ac. Or course
this must be understood as the indirect Influence,
and such lnflueuce lii bavuria 19 paramount. Tne
new paragraph is, Indeed, a very necessary pre
liminary step towards obtaining
A LESS CLERICAL OAST OF KKPUKS BSTATIVBS
in the Bavarian cnambers, lor as long as ihe puiplt
is permitted to be used as a political emotional in
strument the ultramontane majority win continue
in spite of the people themselves. Lutz told the
Reichstag that his government had been compelled
to make this motion by a nunioer of recent occur
rences wnlch are characteristic of Bavarian atlairs.
The Bavarian government had determined to send
copies of Minister Luiz's answer to the llerz inter
pellation as to the course the government lutendeo
io pursue to its ofllcials in various parts of the
country. The result was that a cry ol horror was
sent up from the pulpits against this measure, and
one pastor (ot boppendorl) went so lar as to warn
his cougregatiou to the tollowing Intent:?
A WARNING.
"It has come to the knowledge of the pastor that,
as supplements to anti-laithtul newspapers and in
other wavs?oiticlal ones?printed matters have
been distributed and transmitted, these beiug di
rected wnh an expenditure ot much injustice aud
misstatement, against the Pope ana bishops, espe
cially agaiust the last Vatican council. Tne atten
tion of the laltliiul is called to the fact that such
writings may neither be read nor disseminated
without danger to the welfare ol the soul, aud that
wnoever disseminates them ivitu intent falls under
tne heavy penalty of excommunication."
FALLING BACK OS TUB UIBLK.
With such opponents in the land It is, of course,
impossible that Minister Lutz'a answer and other
documents of a similar tendency should ever conic
to the knowledge of tne peoulo. aud all attempts at
intellectual couvlctiou are vain. The question
wnetuer even with iue aid of the new paragrapn the
clergy can be prevented from using the pulpit
against tne government is not settled to our convic
tion. The Bible Is a book so rich in expressions
against me nugodly that It can be made use ol on
almost any aud every oecasiou, anu a pious congre
gation will certainly not misunderstand the
preacher who calls lor tne "vials oi wrath to bo
poured out upon the heads ol the workers of in
iquity;" and the smartest lawyer in Bavaria would
iiot be able to make out an accusation against the
preacher. Against tnis Von Niegolewski ironically
motioned that, us Russia had caused to be prepared
lor her catholic subjects
AN ESPECIAL TRANSLATION OF TIIE BIBLE
Instead of the Vuigate, the German government
should prepare an especial edition oi the scriptures
lor its Catholic subjects. Questionable is It, at any
lato, if the new law will not do constantly evaded;
and you may be certain of this, that what oanuot
be uttered from the puipil will And Us
way to the ears of the f&ithiul in other
and not less efhcaclous ways; aud thus we get
back where we started. Nevertheless, the great
majority of the German press greet the new law
warmly and expect wucn iroin it. The H/winiscne
Zeiiung thinks it marks the turning point in the
political side of the religious question, and the.sec
ond great blow given to ultramontane tendencies in
Germany (tne llrst being tne Emperor's reply to tne
Prussian bishops). The H'eser ZettuiiQ minus it
promises very important political results. Tne Mu
nich Old Catholic journals think that "the Lutz
answer broke up the bridge lor an understanding
between the nitrainontanes and the present minis
try, and the new step ol Minister Luu Uaa decided
lor some time to come
THE RIVALRY BET WREN THE BAVARIAN GOVERN
MENT AND THE ULTRAMONTANE CLERCIY."
Yet tne journals doubt whether tho law will bo
far-reaching enough. A clerical party that is de
termined to exert a political influence will not be
hindered greatly by a law touching only the small
est part or their labors. There are certain priestly
ottloes tnat cannot be controlled. "How," says one
of our journals to-day, "shall wo combat the
influence of the clergy upou the women,
given out irom the c uiessiouat?sn influence
of vast Importance in political affairs, and
an influence wnlch Hie present measure does uot
uirectr'' I am lucliuing more and more to tho
worus expressed to mo not long ago by an aged
statesman and scientist. "No," he said, "it is no
good in bothering with tfce grown up generation,
all reforms, and especially such as are demanded
now. must Itegln with the young. Give us the
American school system of universal, non-confes
siotial education and in twenty years we are
free." Amerlean religious affairs formed, bv tho
way. an interesting particlo ot the discussion In
the Reichstag; aud Minister von Lutz aid us the
honor to say that had he such a people as tlie
Americans to deal with uis luotun would never nave
been necessary.
TIIE "OLD CATHOLICS" IN AUSTRIA.
Of other evenis in tne Bavarian poiitical-ecclesl
astlcal Horizon the most important is perhaps the
spread of Old Catholicism from the Bavarian high
lands across into ihe neighboring Austrian Tyrol,
nitherto noted for religious unity and devotion to
its spiritual leaders, yet, at the same time, lor a
certain rugged love of ireedom. From Kielersicid?
tne priest ol' wmch village was lately excommuni
cated? it is uot lar to the Tyrol borders, and tne
border Tyroleans have shown a marked
inclination to repudiate the new dogma.
Thus at Kufstcin a much beloved priest,
Dceau Horfnrter. had been heard to say that he
doubted tne wisdom of the step taken by the Arch
btstiop ot Munich in excommunicating Fiarrer Ber
nard, of Kieiersield. This came to the ears of tho
Archbishop ol Salzburg. Alter a time Decan Ho
furter received a uner from his Archbishop, saying
that all the members ot his congregation not ac
knowledging the dogma should be excommuni
cated. The Decan replied that he could not do tins,
and begged Uie Arcliblsnop uot to press matters, as
the old Catholic movement was already wideiy
spread over tne nortn of Tyrol, and with the least
lauulug It would extend to tno Brenner. The ex
communication of the lour chlel clergy and the
greater part of the congregation of Kuisietn is
daily expected. The pastor of Kieriersfeid, though
fonnady uepoasessed of his living by iho Arch
bishop o( Munich, is still supported by his flock.
Deputations are constantly arriving with salutations
and promise of support irotn an tbe neighboring
villages.
AN ANBCDOTI.
Many or tie Mnnich ptarrers are endeavoring to
fultll tdeir religious duties upon old uatnolics as far
as they can without bringing censure upon the in
selves. An anecdote is lold ol tne Ffarrer of sr.
Lud wig's, who not many djvs ago spliced a young
couple, tne bridegroom, however, being a so
called "Museum" heretic?that is. one of the
signers of the LMlinger address. When, just
before the ceremony, one of tho underlings whis
Cred to the aged ptarrer that he had a heretic
tore him. he replied that ne knew nothing about
it, neither would he hoar auythitig about IL otiier
cases of simitar character are reported, showing tne
tendency of the uitramontanlsis to get o*er the alt
?cuiiies with as nuts noise as possible ooig the
most desperate of heretics are referred to Dr. Med
riCD.
TI>B "AVARIAN UNO AND MINISTER LDT7.
Tne King Dim just given us a new proof of his
confluence in Mimater Late, and, Indirectly. toe
views now expressed by his Minister. Tne rather
of tne MlnUter of Public Worship w a school teacher
in Wnrzburg, who completed nu flftiutb year of
service on the 112th of September last. Tina fact
appears to nave been forgotten by tue young mon
arch until a few days ago. when he addressed a let
ter from liohenschwangen to tho old teacher, con
ferring npon liini the Ludwm's order, and saving
that he was rejoiced to tie able personally to give to
"the lather of a man wuom 1 esteem as an Intel
lect ual statesman and raitnfut aunporter or the
throne my lullest esteem, wnii the wish mat the well
Justified pride In such a son may sweeten still many
years the days of the lather."
THK I'RKHS OPPOSED TO THE NEW I,AW,
I may add that I have seldom seen such a union
of names in tho press against this illiberal and in
tolerant measure. The Kreui /.xiiuno, an extreme
conservative ana extreme Protestant paper, and
tne tyaiikfurtrr Xeiiwtg, extreme radical and lull
del, alike condemn It. So do the I'rtsx and tue
new Vrrie trrxte of Vienna, two of Catholicity's
Ditterest enemies. If Bismarck thinks that he run
oppress with Impunity twelve million Catuollo Her
mans lie is probably much mistaken. He accuses
the church of plotting against the new German om
pire. Could anybody adopt more edlcaclous means
for the destruction of that empire than tnose which
lie himself at this moment advocates t
BRiiVB MES. BURKE.
The CJnrdner-Alexandor km Turns Up Is
Newark, N. J.?Doctor Zeli's D Urate
Wile? Younu Uriek'o Story.
The now celebrated Burke-Alexander-Gardner
case, the details of which are doubtless familiar to
the Herald readers came up again, In Newark, N. J.,
yesterday. U will be remembered that at the last
consideration or tue case Judge Loew, of the Court of
Common Pleas, appointed Mr. Adatu Brown, of Path
way, as examiucr of certain witnesses Mrs. Uurke
desired examined, resident chiefly In Newark. The
consideration of this business was commenced
yesterday lorenoon la the Grand Jury room of tne
Court House. The defendants are Ira C. Gardner,
Esther K. Gardner, James \V. Graff, Carrie G. Graff,
William T. Graff, Adrian Graff, Charles S. Westcott
and the Onion Trust Company, the sum at issue
being ft j, 000, alleged to nave been stolen by some
of these parties from plaintiff's lather, Captain John
Alexander.
At the opening of the case yesterday letters were
read from two snigeons certifying that a principal
witness, Mrs. Dr. C. M. Zeh, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Gardner, the principal defendants, was in too
delicate a condition to attend. She was therefore
excused.
Tho first witness sworn was young Crick, who
had married another of the Gardner girls, Aunie.
He was formerly a teacher In tne Columbia Gram
mar school in this city, but is now a teacher in
the Walnut street school 111 Newark. He got mar
rled In 1869, and in his testimony yesterday said 110
bought all the wedding jewelry tor iiih who: his
wile had a piano when they got married, lie said,
and he hud heard old Gardner bemoan iu< lack of
luuds; lie said he never saw tho Gardners
have bonds, nor ever had any, or
negotiated any himself; hud heard George Gardner
say lie had given one to some one to sell; thought
he heard him say It belonged to Captain Alexander's
estate; didn't think lie ever neuru about the bond
Brevlous to the examination before ino Surrogate;
r. Graff uever told him mat he had any bonds;
never knew of Mr. Gardner owning or purchasing
any land since Caption Alexander's deatn; Mr. und
Mis. Gardner are now living in 117th street, New
York, or somewhere up there; witness Is now worth
four or live hundrcu dollars: lias about $-joo now in
bank; Mr. Gardner never gave him any money ex
cept to pay the rent of tne house 111 127 th street; his
wife has no real estate in her own name, ana her
wardrobe is worth about one buudred dollars; ills
income as teacher In the Walnut street public school
Is about ono thousand dollars per year; was mar
ried beiore ne ever neard of the bonds.
Mrs. Urtck. a de>lcaie creature of extreme youth,
was next placed on the stand. In giviug uer evi
dence she seemed pcriectly sell-possessed. She said
in the course of her examination:?
My name Is Annie Crick; 1 am Dineteen years of
aue; 1 knew Captain Alexander; lie beamed at my
mother's house; I was at nome when Dr. Shine ar
rested my father and mother; sne never liandea tue
any bonds or money; I never saw them have any,
I at that time or before; I neard Captain Alexander
promise my mother something for her kindness to
nun; l never heard my mother orfutlier speak of
taklug some bonds off the pe son 01 Captain Alex
ander; I think my motner spoke of it; 1 don't know
how she came to speak or it; 1 don't know of my
father speaking about purchasing property; never
knew of any of the Gardners or Gut its having
any Douds since his deatn; nave neard my mother
speak 01 buying a louibstono for liinr, my lather
und mother bought mo a plauo alter Cuptatn Alex
ander's death; don't know now much It cost; my
husband nas the bill; I have no bonus, real estate
or money; my husbaud presented me with several
rings; my moiuer gave me another: Dr. /eh gave
my motner $10u to purchase my wedding outfit, and
Mrs. Dr. Zeh gave me a silver pitcher alter my mar
riage; I went to Heileviiie every day while my
parents were there under arrest.
An adjournment lor two weeks was then agroed
upon. From the earnest manner in which Mrs.
Burke's counsel watched the case It seems probable
that sne nas at last secured a lawyer wno will
earnestly do his duty lu the premises. Mrs. Iturke
herself developed such a thorough knowledge or 1 bo
legal bearings of tne case mat she excited the re
spect of ail present and the admiration of not a
lew.
CONSOLIDATION IN NEW JER3EY.
A large and influential assemblage of citizens of
Hoboken and some 01 me neighboring townships
congregated in Odd Fellows* Ball last evening to
canvass the pepnlar leeling In regard to the 'con
solidation of Hobolcen with Weehawken, West
Hoboken, town of Union, Union Township and
North Bergen. Messrs. peter UUter and Jonu Reld
were chosen chairman and secretary respectively.
Speeches were mado by Alderman McQavisn and
Mr. Albert Bogart. rue latter gentleman
could not see any advantage In consolida
tion with the more remote townships, nut
strenuously urged union with Weeiiuwken.
Tne latter township belongs of right to Uoiioken,
and was separated from tlie city a few years ago, in
the Interest of a monopoly, by legislative enact
ment. The heavy burdens ol taxation laid, in con
sequence, upon the nonest and struggling citizens
of Hobokeu have repeatedly given rise to popular
protest against the unjust scheme of separation.
Hence it was that when a motion was made last
evening to advocate tlie consolidation ol Hobokeu
witn Weehawken not one present uttered a word
against it, save a bewildered looking creature in the
rear. The assemblage was unanimous In opposing
a union with the other townships. The "manifest
destiny" of all those districts, however, lies m an
ultimate consolidation with Jersey City.
THE MY8TERI0U3 SHOOTING OP ROHAINE
R038MABSIN, ALIAS WALDEN.
Coroner Bchlrmer yesterday morning held an in
quest in the case of Romatne Itossmassin, alias
James Walden, who died in Bellevne Hospital a day
or two since. On the evening of the 24tu ult. de
ceased entered the porter house No. 410 Third ave
nue, apparently quite sober, and after taking one
drink sat down on a cnair, with a pistol between
his legs, and soon afferward shot himself in the
back ot the head.
OIB er Horsinan. of the Twentv-flrst precinct,
being called m. asked Ho.ssma.ssin why lie had shot
himself, and he rouiscd to answer, lie was then
taken to tne station house, ana asking wnerc Ins re
volver was, told tne olllcer he would give him $10
to have a chance lor another shot. This remark he
repeated several ti mes.
While iu tne nospltal, Captain Leary, of the
Twenty-flrst precinct, waited upon Kossmassin, and
upon questioning him closely, he admitted that his
name was Kossmassiu; that he had bought a large
bill ol goods In Chambers street lor shipment to
Simla I'e, New Mexico, and that white In nriiU tie
must have shot htmseit. lie would make no further
explanation as to why he had shot niuiscir. The
jury lound a verdict ol suicide by shooting.
THE DANGER OF CARRYING STOLEN GOODS.
In April last the premises or Frederick Kleinhnnz,
of No. 530 West Forty-seventh streot, were robbed
of jewelry and wearing apparel valued at $1^2. on
Friday last Mrs. Kleinbanz, while in a lager beer
saloon next door, saw a ring and haiuucrcnief
belonging to her husband, which were among the
stolen property, in tne possession of John Meuk, a
baker, residing at No. 182 Warren street. bbe ac
cused him of the robbery, when he suddenly left.
He was nowever, arrested yesterday on a warrant
issued oy Justice Blxby, and held to ball to answer.
SULLIVAN'S COUNSEL
To the Editor of the herald:?
New Yore, Dec. 15, 1871.
By an editorial notice In to-day's Herald It Is in
advertently made to appear that the execution of
Euwrenoe Sullivan, the condemned murderer,
was twice deferred at the Instance of
tno late ex-Judge Stuart. Allow me
to state that judge Stuart never did any
thing in this case, never having been retained
therein. I have been SulU van's counsel and have
bad all the trouble, responsibility and most of tne
expense of conducting the aafortnmto man's de
fence. and were Jndge Htuart alive to day, such was
uis exalted character (or truth and honor in tne
practice or hie profession, he would be the first to
make this oorreciton himself. 1 reier to this matter
witn the deepest teennga or respect lor tne memory
of one who in his lifetime was beloved by ad. and
whose name will ever be cherished with veneration
by, yours respecUutly, JOHN 0> BOYD.
MUSIC AND THE DBAMA.
The (Jlobe Theatre.
Thin well-known Broadway temple or Thespls will
open to-morrow as a circus, and the convenience of
ita location, combined with the high character of
the troupe which has now made It Its home, it will
doubtless make It a favorite and lucrative place of
amusement. The Interior of the house has neces
sarily been greatly changed. The stage has been
converted Into a handsome amphitheatre, which
slopes upward toward the back, thus affording to
the audience as perfect a view of the performance
as though the ring werg, lu the old-fashioned way,
placed m the centre -of the theatre. The Heats in
the nit have also tieeu greatly raised. The ring is
thirty-nine leel In diameter, and the low barrier that
runs around It Is gruceiullv covered with purple
drapery. John Henry Cooke and James Melville are
the principal riders and their equestrian fame,
earned by long and good service, for tne amusement
of the public, ulaces the merit of the performance
beyond all doubt. Mile Kosina also nas a deserved
reputation as a (earless and accomplls >ed equestri
enne. Among tne other artists are Mine, lie Herg
and Mile. Cordelia, and the at hletcs Mons Ooroux,
James Cooke, and the Mtaco Btoihers, together with
a host of well-drilled auxiliaries. Mr. James M.
Nixon will act a" equestrian manager, a post which
his long experience enunendv ills him lor. The
clowns are those old ravorites Nat Austin and W.
Heroert Williams, and \ir. Finch officiates as busi
ness manager. Witn new appointments and a
programme of startling teats, and some Interesting
novelties, the company will to-morrow make tneir
first appearance, under the lairest auspices.
otinervAlury Concert.
A very excellent solr6e was given at the American
Conservatory hall by tne pupils and pro.essorsot
that institute last week for the benefit of Howard
Mission. The soiree was well attended, and a se
lected programme of cholco classical works, suen
as of Beethoven, Liszt, Rossini, Mendels
sohn and P otow, was discoursed in a
most excellent manlier. One oi the pupils.
Miss Huylcr, saug Arditi's Valse I'Kstasi superbly,
and the rendering would have 'lone credit to a pro
fessional singer. I lie young lady has a very oeautl
fill soprano voice and possesses that, rare aollltv to
give the proper light and snade and her enuncia
tion is so distinct tnat every word sue sings can no
understood. She reflects great credit upon her
teacher, Proiessor Henry Scnroedor. Among other
pupils that deserve particular ineutton is .vtlss Chap
man, who nas a line contralto voice and sings with
a great deal of expression; Miss Ik H.ias who sung
an aria irom tne "liarhtero" very creditably; Mlsa
Miller, a very young and promising pianist: Messrs.
Wallace and Crosby ami Masters Jarvls, Greenfield
and Herman son. The institution has become very
popular uuder Mr. Hchroeder's direction and
deserves every encouragement.
Hnmpty llunipty't Reply to the slivings
Uunk III an.
Olympic Theatre, New York, Dec. 16, 1871.
To THE EDITOR OP THE HERALD:?
1 notice In to-oay's Hkuald a communication
from a party by the name of "Thomas Kuan, of the
savings bank near to hand," accusing inc of falling
to furnish litm with free nasses to witness my per
formance ol "Ilumpty Durnpty." Aocording to hla
own statements the only ground on which he rested
this bold claim was that he had bought a lmission
tickets, and had found, on entering the house, thai
nothing was left lor Ids accommodation but a
back seat. I plead guilty to this charge; and fur
ther, 1 acknowledge that l did inH to enter into
correspondence Willi the gentleman from the sav
ings bank "neur to hand.'* While I would will
ingly pay or inure to t>c guaranteed immunity
from the aitnoyuace of receiving his letters 1 de
cidedly object to "seeing" him In order tnat he
may see me. My Hue ot business, it appears, is too
near that or Mr. Keaii. ami two of a kind never can
agree, you know. The Olympic is mr bank lor
Havings; Mr. Kuan has his in chambers street, "near
to uaud." Lei bun stick to It, aud 1 will stick to
the Olympic. I do no. complain of
this Kuan's as an isolated, but as an
aggravated case. He, however, being the only
oue of my epistolary tormentors who has gotten him
self Into print, lnavc louml Ulm altogether too sharp
a blade?too keen, indeed?to run loose. I am not
willing that he shall than publicly "cut und come
again.' l propose to be as bluut lu my expressions
aslie la unurp In bis tricks. 1 claim that l lined my
contract with him; that he received all the lactutlea
thai he purchased at the box odlca If all who
coine lute aud arc obliged to take back seats in tno
Olympic nlgntly are to demand as a. right free
passes the day alter what is to become ol mer
There is a great error which many people aot on,
and notably this Kean man of the savings bank
"close to uaud." 1 hey couiouud my character on the
stage wltn inv character otr. They evidently think
that because 1 am called a good clown 1 most ot
necessity be a great tool. Now, 1 assure you mosfi
earnestly this is a mistake. I am not half so simple
as 1 appear, ludeed. mine is an intricate nature; I
admire financial complexities, and am even sordid
euough to regard "Humpiy Dumpty" exclusively
irom "a two dollar point ol view." And, moreover,
let me say, however willing 1 tuar he to play for tne
public, I nave a constitutional aversion to allowing
u"y oue 'o "play on" me. Assurlog you once more
tnat 1 nave a separate individuality, and that I have
financial ideas as economical as those of the gentle
man from the saviuge banx "near to hand," I beg
In conclusion that you record me in your esteemed
journal. Yours, truly,
"HUMPTY DUMPTY" FOX,
"Not such a tool as he looks."
1Hfinical anil Tbcntrlcal Not en.
Thin is the last week of "hamlet" a, Booth's.
Miss Jennie Engel is the reigning star at Touy
Pastor's.
Miss Ella Werner makes her bow at the Comique
to-moiTOw night.
Martz, the conjuror, has a number of new magical
tricks tor the holidays.
The Union Square Theatre has a stock or variety
bonbons for the holidays.
At Bryant's and the .San Francisco Minstrels
novelties are the order of the day.
Dick Ralph and a new drama called "Pate" are
the latest ittractions at the -Bowery.
Mr. Lent has prepared some pleasant surprises for
the children at the New York circus.
The new features in "Uurnpty Durnpty" have
drawn additional crowds to Hie Olympic.
"Charles G'Maliey" will be revived this week at
the Urand opera House in splendid style.
Mile. Alines appears on Tuesday next with the
new tenor, M. Coouilte, in "Barbo uleue."
A promenade concert will bo given on Monday
evening at trie bazaar of St. Anu's tree church lor
deaf mutes.
Brougham's new plav at Wallack's has taken fast
hold ot tnc public, and may be considered a success
iroin tne tlrst night.
The Wallace listers?Jennie, Minnie and Maria
supported by George K. i-ortescue, are playing In
the West to crowded houses.
The Nllsaon programme lor this week Is?Monday,
"Trovaiure;" lues day, ?Faust," aud on Wednesday
a grand opera concert at dteinway Hall.
"The Black Crook" commeuces a new career at
Ntblo's this week in a handsomer aud more brilliant
form than ever uelore. Operti's music Is one of tue
principal matures.
The eleveutn grand Sunday concert, to be given
this eveuiug at the urand opera House by the
celebrated Ninth ivgiim-iit ourni, will introduce hs
soloists Madame Salvotti, Mile. Castellan aud Mile.
Do Try.
??Divorce" has eclipsed all its contemporaries in Its
popularity, auu it is running towards the two hun
dredth night with no vlsiolo decrease tu the
attendance. The Filth avenue Theatre is orowded
to the doors every night.
An entertainment in behair Miss Jennie 8. Bell's In
dustrial (schools lor the beucut 01 the poor wune
people 011 the seabosrd or North Carolina will be
held at the American c'onserv.uoi v of Music, Jll
Fourth avenue, on Monday evening.
A very interesting exhibition will be given at the
Academy 01 Music on We Inesdav and Frida. even
ings, lor the tieueht of the ilouie lor tne Friendless
and the llowurd Mission, luOitmx will he repre
sented by over live hundred young ladles and gen-'
tleineu.
Charlotte Stanley Is having a new play written
for her, called "Battles,'' wita which she Is soon to
open a Broad way then tre. i ho Toronto Mode said
or tills lady during her late engagement in that city
that she Is an artist oi undoutned ability and has
the laculty oi earring ncr audience witn her by her
earnest aud sccumplislieu acting.
At a recent meeting or the Directors or the Amerf
cau Institute tne roilowlng deserved tribute was
otrered to oue of our most popular musicians
Resolved, That the thank* ol this Board be presented to
Mr. VMIifam Keating, Director of Music for the f ortieth An
nual kintbitton ol' tue Anaarlcau Institute, for the very sells
lac-tor? eiecutlon ol tils agre iuents, and the superior eiuel
lencs of tils performance*, wlucti have been received with
most marked approval by tbe larae audiences asaembled
wltblu tbe bulluiiig and to tbe entiio saUafactlon of the oOi
oers and maua^ers of tbe Institute.
A concert lu aid of St. Mark's Church Mission
Society given on Tuesday eveuiug, at tne Mission
cbapcl, 15b avouue A, not only auraouid a large
and brilliant assemblage?the noble Impulse of
cnarity, doubtless, attracting many there?but the
amateur arttsis aud performance deserved much
praise. Miss Emma A. Abbott, soprano and pro
idff&t of Miss Kellogg, and whose clear, silvery
notes are almost at sweet and powerlul
as tne disungulsued cantatrice under whose
kindly patronage her vocal powers have
reaohed their present high cultivation, sang several
ballads in a truly artistic manner, she is certauny
an artist of most brilliant promise, an I, with in
creasing cultivation, is destined to achieve a high
position in tbe world of song, signor U. U. uaribokil,
basso, who possesses a voice of wonderful depth
and sonority, contributed largely to the evening's
entertainment. Another p/ ottSgd Of Miss Rellogg's,
Mr. William Char es Towner, tenor, luily justified her
appreciation of tils artistic merits, siguor Freiaoh,
tenor, wnohas been neard in concert before, elicited
marked plaudits uy his line singing. Mr. Frank B.
.smith, violinist, wnu nas never appeared in a concert
beiore, piayed with masterly skill. I he perform
ances on the piauo by .siguorag.Urteu and Nlcoolal
were excellent. Altogether the concert was a bril
liant success