WIJTIIITATEI
>lEW ORLEANt
THX. DAILY REPUBLICAN
J W-
•I MYSflMBII
I
I
mStjsnjg
__Maybe agnaS open; ____,__
shaU snob Siasoaat ami tratj-ira
notlsse 'at t twiUn nsrts to bo
maUferllMCMliliMrtteB.
THE WERElT'rEPUBLICAN
ip well fee
Sum auneasfo jy
rws^m.eSf wswtmo^asmw
.tow e*i six months, as to.
ms asin the
aUoweS to those who sand
WBA^WNWHBmiNTt*
In twenty States of this Union there sxe
institutions having special reference to
the reclamation and refor m of the idle,
vieiouaend vagrant youth of the country.
They ore specially devoted to hoys, there
being in there institutions about 60,000,
who are mitt the discipline connected
tifli such reformatory establishments.
With fegp of three exceptions, all these
places are wjtfropt any method or arrange
ment by which the inmates are so sepa
rated that tbe iaftasnoe of the vicious will
not, more or less; affect the innocent who
bAve committed no crime, and whore only
..jpfifcose is that of being without friends or
In the Ohio Reformatory School for
boys a system has been adopted which is
well deserving the attention off philan
thropists and legislators. There the
aehfOol is entirely removed from city sir I
end iafiaenee, being built m a quiet I
co unt ry region, with an environage of I
9070 acres for its sole use end susten-1
fine*. Secondly, mechanical and form
works of fill kinds are taught, and
period pf instruction is made long J
enough to enable each pupil to obtain a
real practical knowledge of a trade or
useftal employment, which is seldom the
caae in houses. plTyofage or correction. In
the tkinl plaee, and more important than
All, thepopitofcfojdiiidedinto nine sep
arate families in different buildings, each
with its individnat oOr^e of teachers, ma
trons, etc. By J this ample arrangement
H is rendered possible to classify snd keep
distinct the liferent grades of boys, so
that the criminal end guiltless vagrant
*ay Mt fiom'fte There is not
another sneh institution in the United I
_ i A f I
States, with, perhaps, the exception of the
New To*k ^Inm, under the
superintendence of Dr. Brooks, where
nearly the same plan is adopted which
prevail* jbt'Itt* <rQhio school. This
asylum has two places for the reception
and iwtysfJiSafV'pf the youth placed under
its care, ane oa Thirteenth street, where
thty ifret'Ctai& wnd remain for a month
or mor^ jirepfizAtoiy to their removal to
the institution at Washington
Heights. Here they are educated and
trained for ultimate location in some use
ful and remunerative employment
The Childrens' Aid Society in New
York, under the able management of Mr.
C. L- Brace, has also done good service
in the diminution of vice and vagrancy
among the youth of that city, but the
flood of moral corruption does not recede
according to the expectations of those who
are interested in the rescue of these waifs
from degradation and destruction.
In the houses of refuge in Pennsylvania,
New York and the Eastern States, where
the cost to the State is the heaviest, the
youthful murderer, thief and rascal works,
plays, sleeps and eats side by side with
the one whose only fenlt is that he was
homeless and friendless. No counter
acting influence is used in these institu
tions to prevent this course of training,
and what other result can be expected
than that the contact and association
should produce the infusion of that in
sidious poison which, sooner or later, ends
in ruin and disgrace.
Houses of refuge, as a rule, share in the
defects of inunster asylums and reforma
tories of every sort What they are, be
yond some seventeen States from which
returns have been made to the Commis
sioner of Education, there is no definite
means for information; but, as to those
States, the buildings are said to be costly,
well built, well ventilated, exquisitely
clean structures, in which, doubtless,
there are laundries, bakeries and dormi
tories after the latest and most approved
model. The inmates may be made com
fortable while undergoing their forced
plenary penance; but is this all that is
necessary for these poor unfortunates to
enable them to buffet the outside world,
and sustain themselves in the struggle of
life when they leave their reformatory
homes?
These children, kept as they are under
strict discipline, as regards cleanliness
and silence, tied down for a few months
at some branch of trade, in which at best
the most of them become mere botches
and teaches them nothing, and without
that relaxation and play so necessary to
boyish life, and. with strangers who have
no interest In them beyond the perform
mtc then in the jam which will
their liberation. It is true that
few months of enforced silence, decent
clothes and regularity in eating and
sleeping may be beneficial and wholesome
gif lms fer the worst of tfce jp$
ter inflians of our streets; but what is the
eouagion of their onample upon the bom
paratively innocent majority There is a
house (4 iffage in this city for boys, it is
with the addition to the numbers that are
made, what Interest do our authorities
__
take m these subjects of their care What
is a pent tip place of only two a hat*
•ereH. in the midst nf a
mks, in the midst of a city, with one
hundred and fifty or two hundred boys,
compared with the nine thousand nine
__.
hundred and seventy acres in Ohio
Havrf we httt In tills State vast auantities
—-vs. s-a m-*.
•pot, healthy Mid beautiful, where a house I
of refuge or reformatory school might be I
put which would be a credit totiie State?
There is great room for improvement, and I
aufw p
attention Of those authorities trhs are
charged with this business.
Upon to matter of: such vital import
tance to our State, as well as others, it has
Seen truthfully said: "It is time that we
Wfefe making an intelligent effort to solve
the problem what to do with the helpless
ft,.
gross in science, in'arts, in commerce or
gcWblbhriift, trill be worth little ns a
legacy for the next generation, if we leave
that generation itself iqnocnlatod with a
fetal disease of pauperism and crime."
Theap me words of truth and soberness
fitly spoken, and well will it be for our
p hilan t hr opists and legislators to ponder
them, and without delay do their duty as
become them as stewards who will be
culled upon to-give account hereafter ns
to the manner in which they discharged
tire trust committed to, their hand*
I
The
A Washington special says this about the
Hornet: ;l
The statouetit that several Spanish war
vessels bad left Cuban waters for the pur
pose of seizing tho Hornet are pronounced
untrue. The Spanish authorities have al
ready been advised that serious trouble
result should the Horiiet be seised
tony ___
while tinder the American flag, and especi
ally as it is hot known that she has violated
the neutrality laws. While it can not posi
tively be asserted that she is privileged to
carry our flag, her true character, neverthe
less, is a question for civil investigation,
and not. to be determined alone by the
Spanish authorities with the aid of naval
force. Another subject to this connection
forms A basis of complaint by the Spanish
B intent, namely: Not long ago the
h consul at Port-au-Prince made a
I °ur minister there having nttered a strong
I gp» B j,h menace. Some time after these
I proceedings a Spanish consul, while passing
t b *,5 h ?r f T 1 1 the la v loudly
demend on the Haytian authorities for the
surrender of the Hornet, but was rofnsed,
derided by her crew, which is said to con
sist of about two hundred colored sailors.
In consequence of these proceedings the con
sul returned to his consulate and took down
his flag, and the fact of the alleged indig
nity has been communicated to onr govern
ment. Thus the matter now stands, with
no prospect of immediate settlement of the
question at issue, and in the meantime
Port-au-Prince is virtually blockaded by a
Spanish vessel, Hayti being too feeble to
demand respect for her neutrality.
representing
steam boatmen. He has been in the inspec
tor's office, with a very short interval, ever
8inw the in tor Tpmlinted.
This msn went to Captain Gray, Captain
Gould, Captain Sherlock, and a number ot
other prominent steamboat owners, and
said: '1 want to get up a law to relieve you
from all the difficulties and troubles under
which you are now laboring, and make a
plain and simple law.' What did this gen
tleman do! After he received the confi
dence of these gentlemen, and after they
bad signed a petition to the President of
the United States, asking that he be re
tained in office, believing that he was tbe
best person that could be placed in the
position, Mr. Crawford goes to the Treas
The Obaexiao Law-How It Woo Origin
ated.
Captain W. J. Kountz, of Pittsburg, in
the boatmen's convention at Lonisville, on
Wednesday, said: "I had considerable to
do with the getting up of the present law.
There was a gentleman by the name of
Crawford, speaking in plain terms, who has
senting himself as the friend of
onr Department, and, with other persons I
whom I could name, concocted this law.
At this very time these gentlemen were the
owners oi patents that they intended to
force upon steamboats. Now, gentlemen,
that is tne way this law has been imposed I
upon us. Our member from Alleghany I
eounty leaned that there was a steamboat
law about to be passed, and made inquiries I
of this Mr. Crawford, who represented to
Jum tiiat be was noting in concert with and
for the interests of the steamboat owners.
Mr. Negley sent some one or two copies of
the law, and got ready answers hack that
this law would ruin us, but his hands were
tied, and the law passed in spite of his re
monstrances. That is the way we have
been taxed with this infamous hill by these
parties for the purpose of making great for
tunes out of the misfortunes of those who
happen to own a few steamboats."
The Last Prophecy—Darkness to Prevail
for Three Days and Nights.
The World, says:
A notable prophecy, but one which, like
so many other prophecies, has all time for
its fulfillment, is going the rounds of the
newspaper nress. Its author was the vener
able Anna Maria Taigi, who, if we mistake
not, is said to have foretold the deposition of
the present pope from temporal power, his
rehabitation, and several other things, some

of which have not yet come to pass. The
prophecy now referred to is that great dark
ness is to prevail over the earth for three
days and nights, during which nothing-will
be visible, and acCompunying which will be
a pestilence which will chiefly scourge un
believers, although tbe faitlitul will not be
wholly exempt from it. None hut those who
shall have "blessed things" about them will
be able to see at all. Apparently, newspaper
reporters will be afflicted, for if any one
looks front door or window "for thepui-pose
of describing what is going on in the firma
ment" he will immediately he stricken
down. It is'dreadful to think of, but we
have a long time to think of it. The metero
logical department of the government should
be on the lookout, and be sure to send a
party of scientific chaps to Mount Wash
ington.
Here is an extract from the letter of a
young lady in Chicago to her aflicanced in
Washington: "We expect to have a new
house built in a tew weeks just around the
corner from where we formerly resided. I
am very glad you did not come to this city
when you intended, for then you would he
as the rest of us, half scared, to death.
Father was up at the time and saved two
suits of clothes—the one he had on and an
other—but we, that is Mary, Jeannette and
I, were less lucky. You would, be surprised
to see me the morning after we were driven
out of the bouse, with a pair of Jim's old
panto on, one slipper, one shoe and a water
proof cloak. This was, indeed, my com
plete outfit, and it was not until yesterday
that I received some other clothes from my
cousin Mary, who sent them from Cincin
nati. That would have made a splendid
wedding suit, wouldn't it f'
a rnuaro nuDi.

Those who hare never visited the regions
IsajttfaHe thTuntamedfcteed
of the prairies is rendered tractable and
useful. At the present day in Texas the
herds of mustangs that formerly ranged
I over its vast prairies have become almost
extinct in the settled
themselves as the i
ions, and confihe
western es nn t i ss
I In their places are,horsey mostly crossed
w ith American stock, which arena state
a I until certain seasons of the year, when all
is I such as can be caught are driven in berdi
I most of them are let loose to roam at will
__,
When the owner of a portion of a herd
I desires to break any of hu young bones,
he proceeds in th-s wise: The first move
ment is, to lasso the hone selected by the
>nd fore feet> ud throw him to
I the earth; then a kind of hair halter called
U put on his bead, both to serve
as a bridle and to stake the animal by, it
I being much more effectual than a halter or
bridle in cheeking his frantic efforts to liber
I The next morning the sport begins,
I All horse or stock raisers ha
I and refractory bones. These go ont, foi
that there is no dt
blanket is dropped gently on bis back, but
^sssssss£t£t
_____ efect in the "rigging.
When they are satisfied that all is secure,
they lead, or rather drag, forward the steed.
He is alternately led, dragged and whipped
forward, until be reaches the point where
he is to be saddled.
A leather strap attached to the bosal is
then pulled over his eyes, and a saddle
a.
invanahty shake
one or more trials,. however, be, submits to
both blanket'ana saddle. The latter article
is strapped on tightly with two girths, fore
and fiank: strapped so tightly that one un
accustomed to the sight would think that it
was intended to eot the animal in two; the
rider now adjusts the stake rope into reins
by tying it securely to the bosal, leaving a
long end by which to hold on, in the event
the horse should succeed in throwing him.
Everything is now ready for the mount.
The rider adorns his heels with a huge pair
of spurs, stands directly facing the horse,
I abreast or a little forward of the shoulder,
seizes the under part of the bosal with his
left hand, pulls the horse's head round near
him to prevent being kicked, takes the stir
rup to his right hand, and turning it to
ward him placea his left foot in it firmly.
Grasping the pommel, he now gives the
saddle a shake or two, makes one or two
feints at mounting to see how his horseship
will take it, anu then suddenly springs,
I 1SSV5 uiiuuDf Vt VUIURTi MAT? 91111 U1CT IUC
fX*® of t he "owe, and as a general thing
I bis neck stretched out and
"rad partly down, a perfect picture of
I awkwardness. The rider is at his ease,
seating himself securely in the saddle.
The blinds, of course, are still over the
and adjusts himself and everything about
him with the greatest care, as he knows
there is warm work before him. When
ready for the start he reaches gently for
ward and slips np the blinds. Naturally
the horse is rather astonished, and at first
refuses to move. A sharp application of
tbe whip and spar, however, readily in
duces him to change his mind. Hp takes
timidly one or two awkward steps, then
suddenly doubling himself up until he re
sembles a camel, and throwing bis head
down before his fore feet, he begins a series
of pitches, which cousist in jumping as high
and as far as he can, coming down stiff
legged.
Those who have accomplished the ex
traordinary feat of going down a flight of
stairs at one step can form some faint idea
how it feels to sit on the hack of a pitching
horse.
Some of the more vicious will lie down
when the saddle is buckled on, and it re
quires a tremenueus amount of whipping to
get them started; some will rear and fall
backward, occasionally killing their riders;
some will pitch straight ahead lor quite a
distance, while others will pitch straight
forward for a few jumps and then, as the
Texans say, "swap ends so quick that it
makes your head swim."
Fortunately they soon tire of such vio
lent exercise, being wholly unaccustomed
to a saddle or weight on their hack and
break down completely in a few hours. The
saddles are then taken off, and they are
reserved for another trial next morning.
This exercise is continued for a week or
more, according to the nature of the horse,
when it is pronounced gentle and tractable
for a good rider, but woe to the unsuspecting
greenhorn that is tempted to place himself
on his-back.
A few of the horses are naturally gentle
natured, and never, unless frightened in
breaking, attempt to cut up at all. Those
who love the horse and desire to see him
roaming at will in his beauty and sym
metry, with glossy hide and flowing mane
and tail, should go to the prairies.
A Phase el a Gambler's Life.
A gambler in his confession savs:
"I once knew a Southern gentleman who,
although not ostensibly a professional gam
bler, really made short cards a business. He
was a man of education and a fine conversa
tionalist, and a very elegant gentleman. lie
was fond of a little game of draw, just to
I time, you know; hut the result was that
lwa vs the best of it, and mingling
moneyed men, nis winnings were large,
1 KJ*t into a series of games with him, and as
as understood cards myself, I invari
I a "*-t the worst of it. I knew that there
I 55® something wrong, and I resolved to
JV 8C ve J" possible. I carefully examined
I f" e hacks ot the cards, and understanding
.55^ 80r t o/^ work is_done, I very soon


satisfied myself that the backs were all
right. I watched his deal. He threw them
round with great rapidity. His sbufliinE was
square.
"One day I procured a powerful magni
tying glass, and went carefully over a pack
of cards that he had won with the night
before. A long and careful search revealed
in the ace and lace cards a series of trifling
concavities. The punches were so slight as
to be invisible to the naked eye, but. upon
passing my linger over them, I could feel
them. A gambler's fingers are or ought to
Subsequent investiga
te had, on the
be soft as velvet, subsequ
tions revealed his work. Hl___,___
inside of his tinger-ring, a minute punch.
"In the beginning of a game he would
manage to turn the faces ot the aces and
face cards, one at a time, so as to bring them
against his punch, and then one indention
or two or three in a certain locality would
designate the cards. So nice was his sense
ot touch, that in dealing he would naturally
e over the end of
pass the face of each card
his left middle finger, and no matter how
readily he dealt them, he would know the
position of all the face cards in the pack.
Of course this gave him a heavy percentage,
and the result was he invariablv won."
Filial Affection—A Novel Case on Trial in
the Circuit Court.
The circuit court has been engaged all
day in hearing testimony iu the case of
Magdalena Muiler vs. Matthew and Anna
Geyer The trial is an interesting one, as
the plaintiff is the daughter of the defend
ants. It appears front the testimony that
after Maguelana hail attained her eight
eenth year, she "worked out for a living,
receiving in compensation for her services a
fair monthly salary. On various occasions
she loaned sums of money to her fatheh and
mother, stipulating, however, like a shewd
economist, that the money should he re
funded to her when she was married. The
money thus given amounted in tbe ^aggre
gate to one hundred and fifty dollars. Mag
dalena married, but the parents failed to
refund her the "stamps" which she had
f iven them, supposing, of course, that her
usband was amply able to support her.
and that she would not need or even ask
for the money. But they were mistaken.
Magdalena evidently deemed that business
was one thing and filial affection another.
She demanded her "lucre," but it did not
"forthcome," and so like an affectionate
cnilu, she tripped off to a| lawyer* and in
duced him to enter a suit against her
parents for the recovery of the amount
loaned. The father and mother are defend
mg the suit with vigor. An anxious public
v.J* 3 i eDil Kl'\ eued to-morrow, as to
whether they will or will not be compelled
to pay one hundred and fifty dollars to
their "darling daughter."
and
the
ss
all
to
it
or
[Use tbs Saaday Republican
Mrpaj's a taaxras institution
■U» «Sfn »h* tore thcaawial sweets to lif*
Tis better tor to have an honest twenty,
Of every age, complexion, form and die;
With budding boats and wanton eyes in plenty,
Baeb jin bndf n most dcUcicus prise.
A man, surrounded by a gushing harem,
litotom nil re i fUf w dh i
Demands inasttobto should never seat* him—
Tbeir want# so feminine must he supplied.
One begs n ribbon for her summer bonnet;
Another—if in poetry veu are skill'd—
Implores the compliment of a sweet sonnet;
A third one wants her cradle deftly filled.
A fourth one doth a promise shyly mention, t
When you're alone with her (a tick'lish plight)—
She asks yon if it is your true intention
To pass with her a certain coining night.
You answer yes; she smiles her satisfaction.
Then goes to cultivate each sweet attraction.
Bo as to fascinate you when you come.
There wm an
here was an Vastern king whose wives' toil
(All chosen beauties) numbered many n i
non one he wanted for the night's erabn
foirfoces—
________, _____ score;
When one he wonted for the nlxbt's embraces,
Be went into tbeir presence, looked tiiem o'er.
And threw his scarf upon his sweet selection,
Whose pride and happiness had no alloy.
The rest were plunged into a deep dejection;
All Jealous off their sister's coming joy.
So can a Mnrmon go among Ids treasures.
Connubial ones, t mean, and look aionnd
The ore best suited to his iordship's pleasures
Is, by his eye fastidious, quickly found.
He*.......-
'T _
With 1
"I'm his intended lor the coming night."
But, can a man with many wives fool eliecrful I
Dare he to venture mid the ravenous throng!
Stood we into bit shoes, we should feel fesrfUl
That they, impelled by woman's instincts strong,
Might gather 'round us, in tbeir passion frantic,
Gobbling us np alive, upon the apto.
This would be curious, sud quite romantic;
But, pray, excuse us, we had rather not!
Still 'tis refreshing, when a man IB anted
With a lean beauty, augularand flat,
To take another, uoi emaciated.
Who weighs two hundred and is rather fat;
With hemispheres enormous and projecting
Like mountains, tippod by rosy Warns above;
There's some excitement, boys, in thus selecting
The future fountains of maternal love.
Pbew! isn't there a sense of suffocation
In this idea, when tbe weather's warm I
But there's a strange and magic fascination
In a big woman's vast, Insurious form.
We must approach her witli respect and caution—
With fear and trembling ran we only touch;
We dote upon a lady of proportion
On this condition—that she isn't Dutch.
With one wife masculine, another tender,
A third most corpulent, a fourth one lean;
Some with vast limbs, and others rather slender,
'Tis natural to choose something between,
Avoiding all extremes. We bate excuses,
And love a medium in a woman's size;
We teTer favored too abuudaut tresses.
Or too much invitation in her eyes.
We like sot busts so monstrous in proportion
They scare a husband from his wife's embrace;
We like not things immense into distortion,
Destroying all idea of female grace.
We dote upon a lithe and agile creature,
With plump and active beauty richly blessed,
With radiant Sbluiatioo in each feature,
And not too delicate to be caressed.)
A friend of ours once went to Salt Lake City.
To see bow Mormons passed their wedded liven
The elders, thinking it a mortal pity
That he should be without a dozen wives,
Caipe flocking to tbe stranger from all quarters,
Abd he received them like a perfect hriik,"
Because they all brought samples of their
daughters,
So that the gentleman might take bis pick.
Now there were maidens of all styles assorted
including very many pretty girls—
.Some, bosoms of voluptuous outlines sported,
While others showed a wealth of raven curia
Some had white shouldeia—other ones were
freckeled—
Dome skins of soft and dazzling clearness had,
While net a few complexions were all speckled.
But each desired a husband very bad.
One mild, benevolent old Mormon brother
Brought all Ids wives, to give our irieud a "lift."
A young chap offered bis blind, toothless mother
Unto the stranger—quite a generous gift
A host of cripidetl ladies came on crntches
With kindlv offers his dull lite to bless,
And he could hardly keep trom out their clutches—
He wished them well, but couldn't stand tbe
•press,"
After a brief end sharp examination
Among the blooming ones, he made his choice,
Selecting those who had some animation,
Such as might make a husband's heart rejoice.
A few well ripentd dames his taste suggested,
Whose age quite matronly might tame tlie brood:
Tlieir swelling breasts and glowing cheeks attested
The healthful ardor of their unturned blood.
But most of them were damsels young snd gusli
iug—
Rampant and furious beyond all control—
Their wild eyes sparkling, and their faces blushing.
With burning thoughts that glowed withiu each
soul.
As at our handsome friend they all stood glaring—
A whisper round the circle quickiy ran,
Each girl unto her neighbor there declaring;
"I'll have him first—he's such a charming man."
Oh! tlietff were panting orbs on exhibition,
And many an ankle exquisitely trim
While maids assume s mighty free position,
Displaying portions of a gorgeous limb.
The stranger's heart agaiUBt Ins nhs was knocking.
It "tickled him to death" and pleased him well
To see a richly tilled up silkeu stocking
Revealed to where hegau the luscious swell.
That night unto a hundred he was married;
He went among them and embraced them all,
And by two hundred plump arms he was carried
Into the briilal chamber—a vast hall
Containing most immense accommodations
With retereuce to sleeping. Each tair bride.
Filled with the sweetest of anticipations,
Essayed to coax their husband to her side.
Two hundred Ups his loving kiss invited;
Two hundred arms stretched out to clasp his
form.
Just ninety nine fair ladies then were slighted;
As many turned up noses nursed a storm.
Two hundred hills of snow were madly panting,
One hundred and ninety-eight were tilled with
spite;
One solitary bride found things enchanting,
Tho other ladies all prepared to tight.
They gathered round their husband in distraction;
In terms abusive now tlieir language ran.
Cries one of them. "I claim a hundredth fraction
Of this, our husband—most delightful man."
One thousand thumbs ana lingers went to scratch
ing
A hundred faces and two hundred eyes,
And all the jealous ladies soon were catching
"Particular fits," amid discordant cries.
Our friend, advantage taking of the riot,
Paused not to kiss u solitary wife:
He left the nuptial chamber "on tbe quiet"—
Ran like the devil from the scene of strife,
And ne'er feent back to claim a husband's duty,
From disappointed wives just ninety-nine.
And swears that such a big bouquet of beauty
In liis one feeble bosom ne'er can shine.
FLORENCE.
An Adventurous Woman.
a

it,
An Adventurous Woman.
There is a lady of an unusually adven
turous spirit providing amusement for the
public in Germany, ijhe has gone through
a variety of characters in male costume
with eminent success, acting successively as
groom, coachman, valet, etc., to various
employers, giving perfect satisfaction and
obtaining excellent characters, her masters
never suspecting her sex. The late war
roused nobler ambitions within her. Pre
fixing the title "von" to her name, and
donning the blue coat with an iron cross
upon it, Miss Bertha Weiss made her debut
as a wounded Prussian officer. Passing
through various towns, she enlisted every
where the sympathy of the inhabitants,
who received her as an honored guest, and
is said even to have made some havoc
among young ladies'-jiearts. Unfortunately,
she was found out just when her success
was at its highest, and, placed before a
tribunal, she was sentenced to several
months' imprisonment as a punishment for
her masculine aspirations. So perfeptly
had she acted her role, however, that up to
the moment when the verdict was pro
nounced, she found advocates in the press
to defend her manhood.
The imprisonment had not moderated the
lady's ambition, for, though only shortly
released, she has turned up once more in
manlv guise in the very last place where a
iernale would be looked for, viz: in a
monastery near Breslau. The prior de
clares that she came to him with so truly
penitential an air, disguising her sex so
admirably, that he could not find it in his
heart to reiuse her. She had lived among
the monks undiscovered, her novitiate be
ing a severe one yet she underw ent all the
rules of the order with the fortitude of an
ascetic up to the last moment. Tired, how
ever, at last of the monotony of conventual
life, she gave the monks the &lip after a four
months' visit, disclosing her sex only after
her departure.
An Attempt to Startle England.
Is England in danger f A correspondent
of a French newspaper, who writes from
London, says: "The whole of this vast em
I iire is permeated by secret societies. Tbe
nternationale here holds its meetings al
most publicly. It is said that the greater
number of dispossessed princes of India, a
good number of officers belonging to the
army and navy, as well as members of
Parliament, and even ministers, are affili
ated to it. The government is awsre of
tbe infernal plan by which, at the given
moment, the public buildings of London
to the
i which befell
t
the Bonk of England—an easy prey, aay
the publie buildings, the barracks especi
ally, shall have been blown np, as was
Jn*Jj top .tye, Clerkenwell prison.
with" ouiuni
•potted by w
fabulous prosperty, having foe many gen
erations forgotten the scourge of war, for
nafore, and too much engaged
think of the morrow,
elan or civil, we allow ourselves to drift On
withe
___________________
fthout taking heed iff the signs of the
t n,e8,
__ __Chinese tin Wide
Inareeent lecture on the curiosities of
street literature to China, W. H. Wedhurst,
an Englishman, relates the following extra
ordmary suicide: A lady gave pnblie
Dotice that she intended to violently shuttle
off her mortal coil at a specified date, and
invited her friends to be present. She was
rich, young and attractive, and death had
robbed her of her betrothed just before the
oelebrstion of the nuptial sswunmiU. jfo
attempt was made by her friends or the
local authorities to frustrate her design; on
the contrary, she was' landed as about to
perform a .praiseworthy act. At the ap
pointed time she deliberately sacrificed her
life in the presence of thousands. A stage
was erected in an open field, and a frame
over it, from which was suspended a strip
of scarlet cloth. One end of this she ad
justed around her neck, let fall a vail of
similar material over her face, and, mount
ing a chair, jumped off, her little hands
"chin chilling" the assemblage as ber fast
falling frame twirled round tbe tightening
cord.
Pampetan Rental an.
We were saying how becoming the Nea
politan fisherman's dress was to a certain
actor here, and were told that a body had
been found lately at Pompeii, dressed in
the very costume. When the bodies are
found at Pompeii plaster is immediate!v
poured in to preserve the form. This plas
ter gave the exact representation of the
poor Pompeian who had met his death so
suddenly. Through centuries and centuries
the texture of the very garment had been
preserved, although in dust and ashes. The
legs were bare and the shirt open at the
throat. The shirt was of some coarse
woolen stuff; around the throat is a neck
lace of enamelled glass beads, and on the
ankle an anklet of metal, showing that he
had been a slave. But the expression of
tbe face is frightful; there is aft the fiesce
Straggle ol vigorous life with sudden death,
and tne position of the arms is as it he had
been trying to wrehth off his breast a
clutebtog weights —Borne Letter.
New Form of DrWekeaaeea.
Tbe London Laneti calls attention to the
enormous manufacture of the new sedative
drag, chloral. It is said that it sold by
tons a week, and quotes a letter from Baron
Leibig, affirming that one German chemist
manufactures and sells hall a ton every
week. Of course, no such quantity is used
in medicine, and the Lancet seems half
afraid that it gets into Iteer: but then is a
simpler explanation, as it will find on in
quiry. Taking chloral isa new and popular
vice, particularly among the women* and is
doing at least as much barm as alcohol.
The drug is kept in thousands of dressiag
cases, and those who begin its use often
grow so addicted to it that they often pass
their lives in a soit of contented stupefac
tion. Chloral drunkenness will soon be an
admitted variety of the species.
A Valuable Relic.
A valuable relic of antiquity has been
discovered in the grounds of the Russian
Pilgrims' Monasteiy, outside the walls of
Jerusalem. It is a monolith cut out of a
single block, and only half complete. From
a description in the history of Flavius
Josephus, it is believed to be a column in
tended for the decoration of the ancient
temple of Solomon, but that, as the column
split while it was being worked, it was left
unfinished, the lower part of it remaining
in a rough, unhewn state. The monolith,
which is about thirty-nine feet in length by
six in diameter, will prove an object of keen
interest to archa-ologists.
Charles H. Durban, a lawyer, twenty
three years old, and a resident of Zanes
ville, Ohio, was married last spring to a
young lady of that city. His wife was soon
after taken down with consumption, and
continued to sink until her sufferings re
cently ended in death. Mr. Dnrban is re
ported to have been devotedly attached to
his wife, and while she was in her death
throes, he shot himself through the head
while standing at the foot of her bed. She
lived eight minutes after her husband's
death, and whispered that she knew what
had happened. She was too feeble, how
ever, to exhibit emotion of any kind. A
letter was found in Mr. Durban's pocket
addressed to his wife, saying that he could
not live without her, and that if he died
first he would meet her to Paradise. There
were also letters to his parents, and a note
requesting that no inquest should be held
upon his corpse, as the manner of his death
was a matter between himself and God
alone. This sad tragedy affords a striking
illustration of the demotng power of mor
bid self-love. This unfortunate yonng man
affected to kill himself because of his devo
tion to his wife, but he was utterly hallu
cinated. He took his own life because of his
supreme self-love, which far exceeded his
love for his wife his parents, his duty and
his God. This is a pitiable case, and we
should ever tread lightly over the ashes of
the dead; yet, nevertheless, it is the plain
duty of every well-wisher of society to lay
the hand of reprobation gently, but firmly,
on whatever seeks to substitute the quin
tessence of selfishness for that pure love
which, even in its extremest agony, submis
sively cries out: "O, my Father, if this cup
may not pass away from me except I drink
it, thy will be done."—Ainc York Sun.
Fishing for crocodiles on the Nile is a
sport which itould hare done Izaak Wal
ton's heart good. A big boat is equipped
with a windless and a strong line, to which
is added a fine goose, with a strong hook
under each pinion. The whole is turned
adrift, and before long a crocodile comes
up, seizes tbe goose, and tows the boat
rapidly down stream. After he has wearied
himseff by dragging the boat for a while,
the line is pulled in, the monster's head ap
pears on the surface, and a bullet is adroitly
The New York bellCB are advised to cul
tivate a new style of how. There are three
in vogue now, equally unpleasant. The
first is the "superbly indifferent," consist
ing of a slight elevation of the eyebrows
and a curl of the upper lip. A second style
is tbe "mildly melancholy," which gives
the impression that tbe young lady has
just lost her dearest friend, or dropped
ice cream on the froijtTireadtu of her new
silk; the third is the "conscious guilty,"
hurried through aq if the young lady
were ashamed to be seen bowittg to you.
Within five months the Rev. Mr. Brock
from the conference, then went and joined
the Campbellite Church, and be and his
third wife were both baptized. It is almost
unnecessary to add that this happened in
Indiana.
him for the breach of promise, was tried by
v."#**** council
Speaking of tbe opium sale in tbat city, tbe
New Haven Palladium says: "Some of it, it
says:
is true, is used for medicine, but tar the
larger amount is used to satisfy the cravings
of the opium eater. There would be a some
what startling list of names could there be
E nbjished the names of those who are in the
abit of nsing opium. Some time since one
of the first temperance lecturers in theUnited
States delivered a lecture here, and had but
an hour before sent his laudanum bottle to
be filled at the druugi'sf's. Here is a subject
for reformers to consider.
Alexander Dumas, fire, died with only
one gold piece in his pocket, and some peo
ple assert that that was borrowed. His son
is a millionaire, and his daughter is married
to one of the wealthiest landed proprietors
to France. It is a wonder that uumas had
any money at all about him when he died.
He was such a spendthrift that he ordinarily
lived wholly on the future.
______________Removal
r.» dsS^Stonurre.'
Editor Republican:
I give you an account of a game of shin
ny, pfeyed hen yesterday. The Champion
Hibernian Shinny Club met the well known
All Rights to engage in a game of shinny.
The game was well contested on both sides.
mans were behihi, ii lfe, P Righto put
their name (Hibernians) in the block book
by a Were Of <63 to 42. The All Rights iqfe
composed of first class players, and if the
Hibernians do not look out, they will have
tosurrendet the ehampioii flag.
The reason that bat nine members played
on each side was on' account of tbe absence
of some of the boys of the Hibernians.
The Pkwnix Hesse. f f _
The feme of the Pheenix House, at No. $6
St. Charles street, next door to the Acad
emy of Mosio, extends to all points. It
embraces not only a barroom, but a bowl
ing saloon, oyster saloo n and ch o p ho u se on.
the New York plan, and ^Sbda: mineral
waters saloon, where pastries of all kinds
may always be had. Tbe liquors are tbe
choicest that can be found anywkece to the
city, the bowling saloon has six new alleys,
the oyster saloon provides that bivalve raw
or cooked m any style c u s t o m e r s may de
sire, tbe chop house aflbrdff OH this atti
tive cooking of the best restaurants in
country. A hungry or thirsty man may go
to the Pfaotoix House and Satisfy his crav
ings, while others may enjoy tbe healthful
exercise of a ten pin alley.
Tho Hibernian Ball.
Next Tuesday evening the first granfi
fancy and dress ball of tip Hibernian Be.
nevolent and Mutual Aid Association
(Branch No. 1) will be given at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. Ladies' invitations can be pro
cured from John O'Neil, No. 1 Annuncia
tion street, Hugh Flynn, No. 1C7 Poydras
street, Mr. Kernaghan, No. 11 Camp street,
or any of the members ot the comjuittee pf
arrangements. The names of the committed
of arrangements, the floor managers, and
the reception committee afford an ample
guarantee that every thing will be conducted
satisfactorily, and that all will go on pies
aatly- It will be decidedly the ball of the
month.
The Pant and the Fetare.
Every person knows his or ber own past,
but they are few who know or .can reveaL
the mysteries of the future:. MaffatmrEmmp
has just arrived here and located herself at
No. 220 Common street, between Rampart
and Basin, and all who desire to know the
fntnre and are willing to pay for that
knowledge, will of course consult her oracles.
Read Madame Emma's advertisement in
another column.
:nrr
The New Orleans Credit Foxcier
Association. —We ask for the charter of
this important enterprise a careful perusal
by all who really have the interests of the
working classes of our city at heart. Es
tablished by some of the leading business
men of our city, this association seems
destined to work a revolution in tbe build
ing interests of New Orleans, as it otters
facilities to the poor men to acquire homes
which were never before dreamed of by
them. Still it is not to be supposed that
this cre&it fancier is to be an eleemosynary!
enterprise. On the contrary, it only helps
him who helps himself. It will assist the
poor man to a credit that will enable him
in time to become independent. It is a com
bination by which a given number of small
capitalists will, by a union with each other,
exert the weight and influence of tbeir con
solidated capital in favor of each indfr
vidual. The charter will explain the whole
plan, and we sincerely hope that before
many days we may have occasion to com
ment upon its good effects.
Ts Develop Talent.
Place a man in a position that will fear
fully tax him and try him, a position that
will often bring tbe blush to bis cheek and
the sweat to his brow, a position that will
overmaster him at times, and cause him to
rack his brain for resources. Place him in
a position like this, but every time he trips
go to bis rescue; go not with words of blame
or emeura, but go with manful words of en
couragement: look him boldly in the eye,
and speak them with soul and emphasis.
This is the way to make a man of a boy,
and a giant of a man. If a man has pluck
and talent, no matter whether he ever filled
a given position or not, put him in it, if
worthy, and be will soon not only fill it, but
outgrow it. But put one to a position with
a faint heart—this is the way to kiU him.
Put him in grandly, with most unmistakable
confidence. Drop no caveats, but boldly
point the way, and then stand by with a
will and countenance of a true friend. Thus
try twenty men, sneh as have been named,
and. nineteen will succeed.
This is from the St. Louis Democrat:
Mr. George Jones, of the New York
Timet, is not an Englishman. He is Ray
mond's old partner, and was one of tke
original proprietors of the Timet. He is a
native or New York. The story about the
Englishman grows ont of the fact that Mr.
Lewis J. Jennings, managing editor of the
Timet, is an Englishman by birth. He is
the author of the slashing articles on the
ring that have made the Timet famous as
the champion of tbe people. These articles
have appeared every day—sometimes two
or three of them iu a day, for more than a
rear. Their force has been terrible, and at
last all opposition has been overcome.
There never was in newspaper history a
subject more fascinating than that of the
millionaire robbers of New York; and
Jennings, in the Timet, has done it ample
justice. His editorials and Nast's carica
tures have done the country an immense
service. Though one was born in England
and the other in Bavaria, they are prettv
well naturalized: and. we doubt whether
there are many persons in America who
will regard them as crushed when they are
reproached as foreigners.
Says the New York Mail:
The business men _ of Boston begin to
have some apprehension that in the course
of a few years, or as soon as the railroad
extensions now to progress in Maine and
Son w l the 1 d„T, C r" U
European and North American railway and
its several connections with the roads in
Northern New England and the British
provinces, together with the completion of
the Portland and Ogdonsburg road, across
under the White and the Green
^S! n n in °P® ni ®8 °f connection
with Ogdensburg will give Portland the
grandest possible opportunites, which, if
properly used, can hardly fail to secure it
commercial eminence
the country.
among the cities of
Prentice Mulford, who is lecturing on
the "coming woman," at San Francisco,
says: "The coming oollectresa of this port
will own the best yacht in the club, ami as
sue sits in her office, in the female mari
time costume of the period,.will command
the respect and attention of all around her.
She will be the object of political cabals
and intrigues, and will fight fire with fire.
The coming woman will aim at position,
and perhaps wealth, hut will never be con
tented as the simple, unnoticed martial
appendage of man. She will be muscular,
and will take her part against the street
corner loafers who now molest and offend
her."
or ns Lopihaxa Equitable

jaf this sterling home
to toe corner of
and Gravier street*. We took
occasion to visit the company's new domi
sttyeattytotyrOsyB fottoipft'established in
that spacious room lately occupied by the
Y^fiingV^-rembWy the Mid
quarters oi ife wAmoto Uldfe., This room
is' approached by two wide and elegant
staircases—one froih'Gravier Street, and tbe
other Cnrondelet. Tffp and ftyiu
ture ot tbe officq: pr* dptendid, and so
arranged that while each officer has a sepa
rate and distinct compartmeftt, still all can
cemmuatesto frosty^ and hnstoitysW
directed by the president from hfr position.
We hare seldom seen a bettor ar ra n g em ent
both for convenience for the transaction of
business, or the comfort pf the parties en
gaged. Another feature of this new office
is thelnim'ense gilt lettered sign on tbe
Caronuelet street side.- ;It is about the
grandest thing we ever saw, had is an orna
ment to tfie streej. We stooerety hope that
in its hew' location this 'staunch, reliable
and liberal company may receive tbe
liberal patronage which it so well deserves.
-rrMtol-m r*
Silks and, CfOAifc,*? Bakbieke's.—W e
will say to our readers, old residents or
strangers, go attd-looki aa those splendid
silks at Messrs. 'F. G. to C, W. Barriere's,
No. 133 Canal stoeet. if yt>U wish to pur
obese-some efthe most elegaat goods ever
brought to this tohritefc 1 They have josh
been Imported direct from the celebrated
manufiectery of Bonnet A.Ginpet, of Lyons,
France, and comprise as fine and beautiful
a lot as ever that work renowned estab
lishment sent ont. Besides these, this house
bos a magyifleept. MMrtment of ladies'
cloaks and ready made suits,'honee furnish
ing goods (linenfoiManhet* t en nis mosquito
netting*), as well as the whole bee of dress
ribboo*| shawls, top. As the
bouse of Bamere is about as well known,
to Tfeltors ahd residents of New Orleans as
tte fectjtootrftenjoys
the highest ot re p u t ation for selling rea
sonable: and keeping, the tost of goods is
patent to all, we will only remark, en pat
tant, that this, ygor it is Joing even better
than usual in regard to prices. This is good
news for btrteri. j'
That Casumere Shawl at Choker's.—
Wfi__hardly, think th at if the Crencr
Brother*,' whose store, is at too. earner of
St. Mary snd Magasine streets, were to ex
pose to their windows the crown diamonds
of England, would greater or more admir
ing crowds assemble around his place than
are attracted ty that wo ad* rfally embel
lished Cashmere shawl we spoke of last
Sunday. It stem* as if (he ladies who go
there never grow tired of admiring the
elegance of the embroidery, the fineness of
its texture, and—in fact all about it. The
only thing which, draws away their atten
tion is the-cheap goods that the Croners
are selUpg in their store. This is so aston
ishing that it always divides the attention
of the crowds.
Three Hundred Thousand Dollars
Worth v ok Dry. Goods at Cost.— Messrs.
Pepin A. Turcotte, No. 138 Canal street, and
Tnrcottee to,Lares* corner of St. Ann and
Chartres streets, on account of a contem
plated change in the names of tbeir firm,
are selling their immense stock of fashion
able dry goods under coet. Here is a rare
chance to get bargains, for this stock com
prises all the most desirable seasonable
goods, and is no slop-shop collection, hut
fresh, good and new iff all respects. It is
done in this way, instead pf disposing of
tiie goods at auction. The buyer will save
tbe auctioneer's commission, and thus buy
all the cheaper. Remember, the goods havq
to be sold, and no reasonable offer will be
refused for them.
The Great Billiard Match.— As will be
perceived Upon a perusal of a notice pub
lished in another column, the great billiqrd
match between Messrs. Joseph Dion, "cham
pion of the world," and Mr. Henry Miller,
of our city, is to come off at tbe National
Theatre, on Monday and Tnesday nights, the
twentieth and twenty-first instants, the play
to begin at eight o'clock. As this will un
doubtedly be one oi the most interesting, as
well as one of the most skillfully played
matches ever played in the United States,
such of our readers as are connoisseurs of
billisrds should not miss the opportunity af
forded them of seeing it, especially as the
room where it is to be played affords every
comfort and convenience to the spectator.
Bemembhr Moody's. —Wo really think
that visitors to the- Stats Fair will find in
the great gentlemen's' furnisning house of
Colonel 8. X. Moody, corner of Royal and
Canal streets, as much to claim their atten
tion and interest them as they could, possi
bly, to any of the buildings at the Fair
Grounds. Colonel Moody,,who is no novice
in the art of pleasing, spent his entire time
last summer in getting up goods for his fall
stock* and now we can safely say that it
contains all that the most fastidious taste
could desire, or that the exigencies of fash
ion require. Besides this, he has still left a
few dozen of those [remarkably cheap
shirts; just think—an elegant garment, six
for elght doltors! Who could ask a better
bargain
Pierce Lindof's Beautiful Furnish
ing GfpD*.—Ii ever good taste was dis
played,it was in (be telpotjon.of tbe stock
of gents' furnishing goods, which Messrs.
Pierce Lindop have for sale at No. 118
Canal street, in tbeir new store. All of the
very btet material, and all beautiful, yet of
h' thousand different "kinds, a man who
could not satisfy himself from it, must be
hard to please, indeed. Those diamond
yoke shirts, which they manufacture exclu
sively, are also chefs d'oeurre in their way
They fit exactly, and wear till one gets
tired of them. Visitors to the State fair
would do well to give Messrs. Pierce
Lindop a c all. _
Shields' Bazar. —One of the most elegant
establishments on that busy thoroughfare,
Magazine street, near Jackson, is tbe bazar
recently opened in one of Dr. Wade's new
stores, by onr old and highly esteemed fel
low-citizen, Mr. Thomas II. Shields. It has
been well named in calling it a bazar, for
the store really contains almost everything
that can be thought of—from a boy's top to
a billiard table, a pocket knife to a set of
brass instruments. And the greatest taste
has been displayed in selecting these goods.
They are all beautiful and desirable.
to
It is said that a Detroit girl, standing up
to be married the other day, had to have
her corset strings cut before she could
"take this man to be. ber wedded boa
band" in the articulate terms necessary to
the completion of tbe ceremony. She was
laced np the last hole, and when the knife
was applied the creek of tho ported loco
was like the explosion of a kerosene lamp*