THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Puzzling Prof. Toney on the Arithmeti
cal Proportions of a Grain.
Conclusion of (lie Prosecuting
Testimony.
EXAMINING MRS. WHARTON'S SERVANTS.
The House, the Patients and
the Medicine.
What the General Ate and How He
Frightened the Colored Girl.
Annapolis, Md., Dec. 27, 1871.
raking everything into consideration this has
keen the greatest day the Wharton trial has yet
had. Dot the Inauguration or the exciting events
that followed its advent could compare With the
Mrroaudinga ot this important investigation to
day. There has been no lack of those dignified
and solemn proceedings that usually characterize
trials for capital offences, and which have been
augmented in this on account of the social position
01 the prisoner, and in the sorrowful, melancholy
aspect of her surroundings; but there has been that
long-looked-for relief irom the tedious recitation of
a long, oiie-sided story, to the lreshuess
of its attempted contradiction, and this has been
interspersed with Incidents mat have stripped the
proceedings of utuch of their gloomy monotony.
The Court met this morning us usual at ten o'clock,
with all the Judges, officers of the Court, counsel
lor both prosecution and defence, and a court room
literally mmmed witu spectators, a goodly number
of whom were ladles. The prisoner was attended
as usual by her daughter and several of her lady
friends, and a number of prominent gentlemen who
have taken mucn Interest in her tieliair were also
near her, among w:io:n were Itrantz Alayer, Pay
master in the raited States Army, and Lr. Longs
Ualc. Jscltlier Mrs. Wnurton nor her daugtiter seemed
ui as good spirits as usual, and in the early part of
the proceeding* seemed to take very little heed of
what was going on. U five minutes after ten Chief
Justice Miller let fail tits gavel, and the Crier de
clared the Court op 'ned. Prolessor Toney look the
stand lor cross-examination?Mr. Steele connecting
It?and the nineteenth day's proceedings in the case
in Kllcu J, Wnarton was began.
OVERHAULING PROFESSOR TON BY.
Professor Toney?From the 24th of October, 1866,
uinu July, lNCD, 1 was employed in the laboratory
department of (he Surgeon General's office ut Wash
ington; was hi Itailtiuore tuc lollowmg (tctobet,
when I accepted the position as chemist of the hal
Uniore Copper Company, und was choanal for thciu
about four montus; 1 did not lose the appointment,
but voluntarily resigned It, tmcause on one or t wo
occasions the President ot the company, Henry
Martin, wanted me to return a little less than 1
fonnd oy my analysis; he told me that he thougtit
it was the practice ol' chemists to return one or two
per cent less than tuey louua; hospital steward was
my lirxi title Hi mo Surgeon's General's office, and
my duties were Hie analysts of whatever came In, as
assistant to Dr. Craig; it was generally
medicines, and sometimes comniis->ai.r stores; I
have never analyzed the organs oi a human body
ix'lore who was supposed to have died from poison;
my directions when I was handed the two jars said
tocouiatn ilie liver, kidneys,Ac.,of General Ketcnnni
were to examine for HUUiuony only; these were the
wonts used, as near as I can recollect; I would not
pretend to decide now much autimony is in any
one ol the spots I obtained on the porcelain cover;
I could not approximate the wcigot oi the spots;
Dial would depeud upon me leugth of time the
cover was in Hie name before the porcelain became
heated: 1 would not estimate anything widen is so
cooiiugeul ss the weight ol the antimony in these
?pots; whether ono-.tiou-andtn or tcu-tuousanUUi
of a grain ol antimony put in a solution wouul give
a spot Is a mailer uuou wntch there is a
difference of opinion; 1 absoluieicly refused to give
any estimation ol the i|uaiilily in the thirteen spots
I got, because it cannot be done when they are
taken irotn a solution from which more could he ob
tained: the reason why 1 -aid 1 look "one or two or
the first spots obtained.'' wus because the spots
were close together; ih? solubility oi the quantity
would not depend upon lis minuteness; however
uiiuute, it would dissolve mid still be in toe solution;
the one-tuousaudlh nai l of a gruiu of uu imouy In
a spot on porcelain 1 mink I coui i manipulate; ii it
was me fliteenth thousandth part It would t>c more
difficult; I am not aware thut the books on
chemistry lav it down thai the one hundredth part
oi a gram is too ainall to manipulate; 1 ain not
aware that any substance will "make." under the
circuinataucea aitending the case, out antimony or
arsenic; one author says another sub.-iance will, but
uo( under these circumstances; that organic matter
will not prodoce a black spot under siicU circum
stances as 1 got these Is iho generally received
opinion; in my analysis lolioweu Wormiey, who
?avs that auuhioiiy and arsenic are the only metais
that will give spots under Lhesc circumstances.
Mr. bteeie?lie kind enough to answer my ques
tions only; I do not desire arguments.
'Ihe witness here went into a description of the
make of me scales upon which ne weighed his re
suits, and stated thut he cam.1 to ins conclusions
upon these scales and thai Hie weight ol the pre
cipitate obtained was tweuty-Uve ten thousandth*
of a gram.
A gram is about fifteen and oue-half grain.
Fl'7.7 LI NO TIIK PROFESSOR ON AKITUMKTld.
Here began a calculation, at the request ol Mr.
bteele, of thousandth and millionth pans or a graiu,
In winch the wuuess became much confused, and
?event! 'lines Hie audience were convulsed with
laughter ai tue contest of figures between Mr. Steele
and the witness. At iengtn Attorney General
Hj ester requested that the calculations as-is I might
be given the witness in w ruing, winch was done,
but the witness scemeo too much contused to make
use of his arithmetical euucution. ami he became
innch puzzleu in his calculations. Mr. Meele took
advantage of ins embarrassment and asked the
question- wild great rapidity. Thj effect of ilte
cross-examination upon tuc direct testimony was
quite damaging, although It was not contradictory,
ami was proban.y uiorc Hie result of embarrass
ment Aimq the want oi ability lo nroperly elucidate
his experiments. After his croas-exaiaination was
concluded Attorney General Ay ester, contrary to
genet at expectation, stated that tue Mate would
now dost* its case.
r?k FIRST WITNESS FOB TIIK DEFENCE
Mr. Francis 1). nary, of the Washington Arm of
Lattimer A Glary, aucnoueera, was tue hrst witness
called lor tue deience. His testimony was not im
portant, except mat portion relating to Ueneral
KetcbunTs appearance ou tue nay he came to Baia
nmic. He tortmed:?Geueial ketchuui came to my
otbee about tweive o'clock June Z4. with Mr.carusi; H
was excessively warm; while I was writing a check
for Mr. caruwi the perspiration dropped irom my
forehead; General Ken hum opened Ula vest; Ills
shirt was stained ana saturated witu perspiration.
A question as to what General Keichmn bald was
ruled out hy the Court, and the remaining portion
was upon minors of business, and unimportant.
rKSIIMONT OF Mas. WHAKToN'B COLORED SERVANT.
j he next witneas called lor the deience was Flien
Deddrick, and in response to the call a middle-aged
colored woman, well dressed and of rather prepos
sessing appearance, stepped to the clerk's desk,
loon the oath and occupied the witness stand, ohe
gave her testimony in a clear, distinct tone of voice,
and withal was a verv good wuness. Hue testified>
I lived ut Mr*. Whanon's Irom October, IHTO,
until July. 1871; I lived with her wbc-u
??eueral kotchuin dJed; 1 reniemlier the uay
ne arnved there; it was near six o'clock
in uie evening; Suaau Jacoos and I were
the out/ seivuiit* si Mrs. Wharton's at that time; I
waited at (he tea table that night when Mi tt. Chubb
and General Ketchiun took tea; we Had for t?a that
evening frizred b?ef, ham. biscuit, bread and bat
ter, tea. coffee and raspberries; General Kelt hum
a c a very hearty supper; he drauk coffee; he spoke
as though be had lo make up lor two meals; he
drank three cups of coffee, and, I think, tour, bul
caiMiot ?av po-iilvelr; he also ale several biscuits;
I think bve or six?more than the usual number at
least; lie ate of all ou (be table, except bread; he
ale of the ras pi* tries and meats; he was helped to
raspberries only once thai J know of.
Mr. brgEMt? ind ue say anything about having
drunk water'
Attorney General Hv ester-We object to that.
Gbiet Justice miller?Uuu is uui within our
ruling.
w ii nr's?l attended lo General Kerchum'a room
on Miuuay morning, and J carried him one gl;<ss of
cracked ice on Monday evening at ten o'clock, he
seemed to mt a McaltBT man. and 1 old not like to
wait ou mm. and i got Misan to take my place after
that time; wheu I wept up with tue ice ou Mon
oav evening ne asked inc to uatid him tin* pan
ia o.iu? off Hie closet ut me side of his ned so
he could get lit* watch key to wiuj up his watch;
ll.It (iosetwas Mis. Wharton's closet; urr room
wa- 'he room rigtu under General keichutn'a, and
had no co.set or wardrobe oi It; toeie were some
ladles on uptltig Mr-. Wharton's room at that time,
and they had wild theui au uid wbue lady as a
nurse tor an nilaul.
A UkNKHAL ASTLCM FOR SICE PROFI.R.
during the sirbneas of General Ketctiuiu there were
a great man* persons snout tug Douse; Mr. Yaunens
was sH'k there at (halt itin' in me pai iOI; luere weie
aei iants cimiog to Mrs. nui'uii* at various Uinta
bringing in mat jvr Mi. Vanned- and Ukf amp* Jim
?Tmo*t always open, and there wu a great deal of
passing end repaying through the dining room; at
that ume uic nursery relngerator whim sat in me
dining room was not Mrs. Wharton's; it was
brought there ny some one stopping there; it
waa tin. (This was the refrigerator In which
the milk punch was which is alleged
to have tieen poisoned with tartar emetic.)
It was not the habit at Mrs. Wharton's to keep the
chisels in her liuuse locked: medicines were kept in
the wasbsiand of Mrs. Wliariout. room, on ihe
second story, rrontroom. in the one occupied at the
llineUenoral Ketchum was there by Mrs. Vanness;
this stand was always kept open, and I went to it
whenever 1 desired: 1 saw the vlui produi ed ny Dr.
Williams said to contain laudanum; I Haw it Qrst on
Tuesday evening, tne evening hetore General
Ketchum died: Susan showed it to me, I
think. In the second story, front room;
1 lino never seen it hetore that 1 know of.
Mr. Steele?What did Susan say wncu she showed
yon the bottle*
Mr. Ukvki.l?We object. This certainly cannot be
evidence.
The proceedings were here Interrupted by some
man who had not yet gotteu over Christmas indulg
ing In some remarks about the prisoner, and when
the Judge rapped tor orner his exclamation to tne
Court caused in lch merriment, and Ua was assisted
out of the room.
Mr. HrREt.R?The prosecution have introduced the
statement of Mrs. Wharton to Dr. Wil
liams that 8usan had found this bot
tle on Wednesday evening in Uie bed
of General Ketchum, and we propose to sustain
her assertion hy the statement or Susan to this wit
ness before she saw Mrs. Wharton.
Chief Justice Mii.leu?The court thinks that It la
not. evidence.
Witness?Miss Nellie returned home between
one and two o'clock on Wednesday, the day of
Uenerai Ketchum's death; she went away, I think,
on the Thursday beiore.
The witness was hero handed over to the prose
cution tor cross-examination.
THE COLOBEB 81 BP'S DEFINITION OF TUB CITS.
Attorney General Stesteb?What size were the
cups troni wnich Uenerai Ketchum drank coffee at
mis. Wharton'sr
W itne-s?'They were the ordinary sized cups,
sncti as all llrst class people have iu their houses.
Attorney General Sybstek?We may not all be
first class people, flow much do you think they
would noldr
Witness?They are not as large as those used by
common people.
chief Justice Mii.i.kr?Ellen, you say that Snsan
showed you the bottle said to contain laudanum on
Tuesday evenlug-about what time was it?
Witness?I think ubout six or seven o'clock. Tho
other portion oi the cross-examination was not in
teresting or important, and closed with no material
change in tne testimony given on direct examina
tion.
SUSAN JACOBS' TESTIMONY?THE OLD FAMILY SER
VANTS.
The next witness called was Susan Ja
cobs, and an elderly colored woman
responded and took the witness stand
she was the old family servant of tne Whartons,
and the oue who touad the bottle said to contain
laudanum. She testified:? I was living wltn Mrs.
W hat ton when General Ketchmn died: I had then
lived with her tor nearly six years; I was cook; I
look charge or General Ketchum's room on .uonday
morning at the request of Ellen; 1 went up to
General Ketchum's room on Monday morning about
eight o'cIock: on that morning, alter breakiast,
between eight and ten o'clock, I saw some vomit in
Ins slop bucket; borweeu oue and two o'clock I
lound some more there?about the same quantity as
In itie morulug; he ate breakiast on Monday morn
lug; I myself went up in tils room and asset! nlm
what he would have tor breakfast; he asked
me wiiat 1 nad, aud 1 told hun tne breakiast was
nearly eaten up; he asked me If I had
any cold meat: 1 told him 1 nad some cold roast
beet and cold boiled ham left troni Sunday's dinner;
he lolu tne to cut off three or tour pieces of cold
roast beef then and leave no lat oil it, ami give htui
one or two pieces or dry tonst, with no butter, and
a enp or tea; I fixed It for nun and gave lr to nun
at about a quarter past, nine ocIock; 1 con
tinued to at eud to IPs room iroin this time
until his death; when Mrs. Chubb went up to
see how General Ketchmn was, Tuesday morning,
i went up behind her; 1 heard him say that lie
would "tie on ny the next tram; she men went
nowii stairs aud I pillowed her; 1 afterwards went
tip to his room; It was aoout eight o'clock, 1 think,
and found no vuuitt in ms slop bucket.
Chief Justice Mili.ek interrupted at this point,
and said it was three o'clock, and the Court would
stand adjourned until lo-morroiv morning at ten
o'clock.
It la expected that the proceedings to-morrow
will be of unusual interest- This witness will testily
to iiiidiug the bottle of laudanum in Geueiai
Ketchum's bed, and to many olUer ctreiiiusta ices
in connection with his sickness aud death, ami It la
expected that some medical testimony oi great
importance will be given to show that General
Ketchmn did not die Horn the administration of
poison.
MUEDF.E0U8 ASSAULT NEAR EAST FI3EKILL.
POCUHKEEPSIK, D?C. 2T. 1871.
On Christmas nlghi, about eleven o'clock, John
G1U und Arthur McHanu, both Irishmen and rest
den is of the to wn ol East Flsiikill, metal the hotel
of Jacob Knitlen, when MoMann asked Gltl why he
was not at. the Cat nolle church ai Sylvan Lake
that day. Gill replied that lie had been carina for
his employer's stock. McMann then sharply re
proved him for his absence on such a day. GUI re
plied, "To hell with vour church I" Then a severe
aitercntlou occurred, high words passing between
the names. They were about 10 proceed to blows,
GUI declaring thai he could and would whip Mc
.Maun, when Knitlen, the hotel proprietor, inter
fered and persuaded McMann to leave. ltie
latter uid pass out and went into the store
at Gay Head, where he retcrred to the aliercation,
aud said no could whip Gill, and If he could get hint
alone would kill btm. About two o'clock the next
morning fit. Isaac Purov, In returning home iroui a
visit to some mends, iound a man lying by the side
01 the road, about three-quarters ot u mile west of
Gay head. Cpon examination tne stranger proved
to be John Gill, who was wholly unulde to help
In nisei r. tie was covered with blood and the grouud
about btm was saturated with blood. There were
two Kiute wounds iu his head and three in his back,
and his bodv was badly bruised, in addition Ins
pocketbook, wita $3S, was gone. He was known
to nave the money wtieu he leii the store at Gay
Head.
as soon as possible the wounded man was con
veyed to a place ol shelter, and Dr. .Sutton was
called and administered to his immediate wants.
All of his wounds, though serious, are not consid
ered immediately dangerous. Yet the almost mur
dered man lies In a critical condition. McMauu
lias taken (light. The affair has created a general
leeilng of indignation in the neighborhood.
OBITUARY.
Theodore Ilagen.
Due or the oldest and ablest musical critics and
musical representatives, in every sense of the word,
in I his eountry, Thee "lore ilagen, died yesterday
luomiug, at two o'clock. The disease was that old
complaint of persons in the Journalistic profession, a
heart complaint; and although Mr. liagen had not
yet reached his fortr-second year, yet a life of the
most stirring kind made fearrul inroads on his
constitution. He came to New York over twenty
years ago trom Germany, and has occupied ever
since a prominent position in this city as an artist,
manager and musical critic.. He was lately with
Theodore 1 nomas in the West, aDd became back
over a fori night ago shattered in health and in such
a state that me nearest mends made up luctr minds
that his able pen would oe soon laid aside. In
Theodore ilagen the American musical world loses
a great deal, as he has taken (he leading part in the
progress of music in this counutry lor many years,
ine funeral will take place from his late residence,
No. ao4 West Fourteenth street, on Friday next, at
one i\ M.
Mr. and Mr*. I'M in und Morel, ol Yokohama,
Japan.
(From the Yokohama (Japan) Mall. Nov. n.j
Diko?At No. 3 Legation Hiufl, on the alteruoon of
Bundav, the 5th inst., Edmund Morel, Esq., En
gineer-in-ObiQf of me Japanese Imperial Kaliways,
01 oonsumptiou.
At the sauie place, Harriett, the dearly loved wife
of the above, aged twenty-Uve years, who survived
bei husband twelve no urn.
The same journal adds:?"Mr. Morel has for some
months been In declining health, a constitutional
weakness of the lungs having taken the form of
rapid consumption, whton was tne cause or death.
The sad announcement in our obituary Imme
diately under that now alluded to caused
a shock to the whole of this community,
or the mutually or which it is impossible to convey
any idea. Tne interment 01 the bodies of Mr. and
Mrs. Morel took place on Tuesday. An unusual
number of persons assembled to witness the last
moiaucuoly rites, aifd deep leclings 01 sympathy
tan me mou rners were expressed on all sides. On
arttfvlug at tne church the cotllns were deposited in
froai oi the chancel and the "Dead Marcn in .saul"
wa*t played, Hie flrsi portion oi the service was
react by Mr. Jtuckwortn Galley and Mr. Matthews,
Luittd sute? Navy, the children of the former scab
tenng flowers around the biers. On leaving the
Chunvi tue "ime order was maintained, and the
procession proceeded to tne cemetery, wuere the
laiter portion of the funeral service was read ana
the bo flies consigned to their last home.
Mr. More) was an Englishman, born of mixed
French and Krigli-h parentage. He was sent to
CDelienkam school, and auerwards to Germany and
France ?or the special advantages which ihoie coun
tries oirer in regard to education. He flnished his
continental sojourn in Farl?, and subsequently
studied at Wooiwlch, England, lor u com
mission in the Royal Engineers, for whicli
his short-sight, however, dwouainled him. lie
(hen became a pupil of Mr. Edwin Clark,
civil engineer, witn whom he remained three
years and a ha.L J.caving England he served un
der the New Zealand government for two years as
Chief Assistant Komi Engineer. He was men en
gaged k>y the Labium Company as cine! Engineer of
tiieir wo.'ks. and held 'in- appointment neurit five
years. Ui.1 hi* return to England lie wa? specially
appointed to report on railways in nouiii Australia,
a position wi?i n he anaiiOoued lor mat which he
accepted ami kited JH Japan, ills connection with
Japan extended outy o?vf a period ol about eigh
teen JkOUtlnk
THE T1CKET-0F-LEAVE HEN,
Emigration of Felons?A Question of
International Law Involved.
Seeking a Name?Left Without Beeoorce-Wait
ing for Work-Don't Want to Go Home?The
Offences and the Sentences?Starved for
Seven Tears?Remonstrating with
Her Majesty's Government
The three discharged prisoners who were lately
brought over from England by the ship Hamilton
Fish arc likely to drop out of public view without
making the noise in international affairs that was at
first expected. When H was discovered that the uien
had been shipped to this country by a responsible
agent on the other side it was thought
A SKKIOC8 DIFFICULTY
wontd arise out of the affair, bat later developments
have dissipated that Idea, and ti Is now understood
that the men will be allowed to remain as they are
as soon as Draper employment can be got for them.
They had served the first portion of their prison
time in Portland prison, and from there they
were sert to Brixton. Shortly before the seven
years for which they were Imprisoned were up the
Governor of the Brixton Prison came to one of
them, named John Walker, and asked him what he
intended to do on gelling out. Walker said he
wished to go to America, and the Governor then
told him he would send the case to the
"Discharged Prisoners- Aid Society of Man
chester, as the man belonged to that place.
In the coarse of time an answer came from the
President of the society saying they wonhl take
charge of the case, and then the names of the two
other men were sent on, us they also
WANTED TO KM1UKATK.
When the tlmo was anally completed the three
men were sent on to Manchester, as they all belonged
to that city. From there thev were taken to
Liverpool by Mr. Foster, the agent of the
"Manchester Discharged Prisoners' Aid Socletv."
atia from there he shipped them to this country,
paring the expenses irotu the money duo to the
men on their release. When thev leit Liverpool
Foster told them that on their arrival in Am rica a
letter would be in waiting for theiu containing in
structions and racaus to help them until thev could
find employment; but on their arrival lu New York
NO SCCIl LKITER
was waiting for them, and thev were compelled to
apply to tne Commissioners of Emigration tor assist
ance. This brought them into notice, and it was
discovered, upon looking into tne case, that they
were "ticket ol-leave men,'' flung upon this country
completely destitute. The Commissioners of Emigra
tion got a siatenieni from the men to that effect,
I and then sent them to Police Headquarters. Upon
i beiug brougnt before superintendent Kelso they
told the satnc story as they gave the commissioners
of Emigration, without making any effort to con
ceal any portion ol the cttcumstances. Super
intendent Kelso had tne men coutiued m a ceil
until some conclusion could bo arrived at
in the matter. lie laid the case he tore tne
Board of police, and Mr. President smitn
at once telegraphed the news of the arrival of the
nten 111 New York to Governor Hoffman ami the
authorities at Washington. WUon tae men had
been put into the cell Captain Irving sent them
some dinner and they were so astonished at the
richness ot the tare provided for them that they ex
pressed t&emseves strongly on the subject. Cap
tain Irving asked them whv tney thought such
simple food unusually gxnl and, tue men answered,
"Weil, sir, ye see we have bin
STARVED FOR SEVEN TEARS,
and it Is 110 wonner we should look upon enough of
anythiug as sometlnug unusual." The following day
Captain Irving had the men removed to more com
fortable quarters, where they have since been
housed, waiting the result of the investigations,
one of theiu, named McGmre, has been allowed
to go, as he uad some relatives here In the
city, aud they came forward and said they
wete willing to take care ot him until ue can get
some employment. The two others, Hutterworih
and Walker, are still waiting, hoping to be allowed
to remain in America. Some gentlemen who went
to see them one duy last week promised to obtain
work for them, and they now exuect to be able to do
something in thai cliaunel. A communication was
yesterday received by Mr. smith, Hie President, ot
tne Board of Ponce, lrom W. Hunter. Acting Secre
tary or State, on the subject. This letter, which
was read before tne Board, went ou to say the sub
ject had been referred to the United States Minister
at Loudon, and he was instructed to remonstrate
with
HER MAJESTY'S GOVERNMENT
against, vendtug criminals from any portion
ol Her Majesty's dominions to litis country, and
tnus for the present the matter rests. Tne
law meted out to these three cases is an admirable
exampio to tne dispensers of Justice on this side of
the water. McGuire was arrested, tried aud sen
tenced to seven years' peual servitu le for
STEALING A l.ITTLE PICTURE
of small value. Walker was allotted tue same sen
tence lor an assault upon the highway with mteut
to rob, aud Butterworih burglariously entered the
honse of a relative aud took ?4 f> out
of his pocket, but as he was escaping
from the premises the relative was wakened by tne
noise be made, and, jumping un, he Just caught, htm
as ne was getting ttwav. By the offlciousnesft or
foolishness of a local officer a question of inter
national law has become involved, and but for tne
amicable feeling at present existing between the
two countr.es it is impossible to say where such
practices may lead. For the present, however,
there is no danger of a difficulty.
NOVA SCOTIA.
The Keren I Vote of Want of Confidence in
the fJoTi'mnenl Ignored by the (ioTcmur?
A Committee of Prinre Kdward Inland
Ghlim Ilim a l.tmon in Politiea? Reported
Withdrawal of the l.uat of the British
Troops.
Halifax, N. 8., Dec. 27, 1871.
The committee appointed by the Prince Edward
inland opposition to present a memorial to Gov.
ernor Robinson have answered at some lengtn the
Governor's reply. They say the principle that the
Governor can only receive an expression of
want of contiaeuce in his advisers through the vote
or Parliament is based on the practice in England,
where Parliament is in session the greater part of
tne year, and wa? never Intended to apply to small
colonies where Parliament only sits a lew weeks.
The Governor's decision to ignore the expressions
of the majority of the Honse of Assembly involves,
they say, the assumption ol responsibility fur all
tne tuiure acts ol his advisers, which he ongnt not
to take.
Mostol the West India islands arc quarantining
llaliiax vessels in consequence ot cholera reports,
ana much injury to the West India trade Is caused
1 Hereby, Tue provincial government lias applied
to the Spauish Consul to Have the restriction re
moved at Cuba and Porto Klco.
It is reported on good authority that ail the Hrlt
Ish troops, except a few artillery, will On with
drawn in the spring from Halifax, which Is now
the only gairlsoned city in tne Dominion.
TELEQBAPHIO NEW8 ITEMS.
John H. Pennon, of Woburn, Mail., cut hi* throat Tuesday
Bight
There were In xtora In Chicago on the 23<1 6.21S.U0U buihele
of grain.
A wed authenticated report aays the Chicago t&'t-.m
will be merged in lit* f on Saturday next.
J. Libertle. e Frenchman, wax killed In Lowell, Max*., by
failing down Halri yexlerday morning.
Michael Mctirath. of Salem, wax killed yexlerday while
creating a railroad track near Boston.
A r;>i3> te (Cincinnati) xpeclat despatch xaya Rex. Robert
3. Kreckenrldge died at bxe o'clock last cvrnlnr, at hn buuin
In DuiiVUle. Ky., alter a protracts 1 llineaa.
A Are occurred laxt evening In the Harvard Sugar Re
f.nery. Water xtrect, East Cambridge. Mui., owned by
Nash, Spaiding A Co. Loss ?llu.ouO fuiiy Inaured.
An old colored man named decree Adama waa run over
and Inaiantiy killed by a freight train on the llariem Rail
road ynaterday morning, at tinent Station, New York.
Lodge 2S8, F. A. M., celebrated FL John'a day at a grand
banquet ai Maxonic Hall. I'nugfkeeju'e. la at evening. Toasts
war# drunk and apeerhea benttlng the oeeaalon were made.
A little aon ot H. Faulk, of L'rbana. Ohio, while at play on
Tueaday slipped and (ell upon the blade ol a icnknlfc. which
nenetratad hi* abdomen, mulcting a wound which will pro
bably prova lata!.
The residence of C. A. Wooda. of Pittahnrg, at Wheatland,
Pa., waa deatroyed by hr* on Christmas Day. ami two ser
vant ulria wera burned to deau. The loaa on the bouae la
g2A,UOh| inaured for $16,1*10.
Sunday evening, during the abienc* of the family, the real
I Of J. C. Ward, Hi Madlaouvllle, Ohio, xix m lex from
deneeofJ. Ward, in Madlxouvllle, Ohio, xn mlex trom
Cincinnati waa entered by burglars, who abstracted Iroui a
trunk WHO,(KM) in bank notei.
A di spatch from Rawllrt Spring! last erenlng report* that
no trains have passed over I he blocksdeu portion of t!i?
Union Pacific Kmilroad sicca the Slat. Moat of the present
d.Acuity la between Cheyenne .md Itawllns station.
A statement of the Chicago national banks just published
states tnat they are atronger Iban they were before the
pre They hold avalabie means ol over alxiy-ttiree |?r rent
of tbetr deposits. Tlier would be obliged to call on ouly one
third of tbeir loans to pay off depositors In fall.
Wi'iaro A. W'b itaker, I'oktmnster at Bowling Oreen. Wood
county. Ohio, was arrested and tssen to Cleveland yesterday,
by a Deputy United Stales Marshal, chtrsed vllh einoeriiing
money order lunds lie was held in $1,1x00 to uustrer the
charge si <be .lanuary term ol the United Slaves D.xirict
Court.
NAVAL ORDERS.
Washington, D. C., Dor. 27, i*7l.
Pay master Ed w arn Foster ?ia? twien ordered fo the
Worcester as Fitet Paymaster ol (lie Nortu Atlantio
fleet. Pay master KlcliaM Washington fins hecn
iienched from tne Warccriei au<i ordered to *nti?
ula account*
UTAH TEHK1T0RY.
Sai.t Lake. Deo. BB, 1871.
There are further reports of snow unties, ait ended
with loss oi life, in the mining cations.
IS illiam Thurmond, a school teacher, was shot
and killed by J. Woodward, at Lelil, yesterday.
Woodward was the aggressor.
there la much embarrassment owing to the de
tention of the freight trains. Some descriptions of
merchandise are wholly exhausted.
The weather Is very bad. It is snowing to-day.
Christmas had a merry keeping despite the
storm.
Garotters have appeared cn our streets. There
have becii two cases witniu ono week.
SHIPPING NEWS.
llui.m:<'' -or Ne<v Vorh Tfclo flag.
Snn rises 7 23 Moon rises.. .eve 6 16
Sun sets 4 40 j High water, morn 9 22
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DATES OH DEPARTURE FROM NEW YORK FOR TUB
MONTHS OF PKCKMBKR AND JANUARY.
Strainer. Sailr :>eetina!miu I U%o%.
City ol BuiUui'rrj Doe 3U.
Main I Dee .TO.
hi. Laurent. Dee 80.
Kurons I Dec 80.
CKv uf Wash'ti.n Jan 0.
Oceanic.
India
Britannia.
Washington.
City of London..
Atlantic
Jan
Jan tf.
Jan 13.
.Ian 13.
Jan 13.
Jan 30.
Liverpool lift Broadway.
I'reinen t Bowiing Green
Havr*. |E8 Broadway.
lilaaiiow 17 Bowline Green
Liverpool |lft Broadway.
Liverpool ilV Broadway.
Glasgow Row.my Green
ftiaairow |7 Bowline Green
Havre. j68 Broadway.
Liverpool 1 Broadway.
Liivernooi 118 Broauway.
PORT OF n:w YORK, DECEMBER 27, 1871.
CLEARED.
Steamship Wyoming (Hr<, Wuineray, Liverpool?Wllilami
A Union.
Steamship Fimbria (NO), Wlnzen, Hamburg? Kunhardt
A Co.
Steararhip Victor, Gate*, New Orleans?C U Mallory A
Co.
_Steam,hip Gen Barnes, Mallory, Savannah?Living,ton.
Hot A Co.
Steamship Georgia, Holmes, Charleston?H R Morgan A
Co
Steamship Wm P Clyde, Drew, Norfolk, City Point and
Richmond?Washington A Co.
Hteamalup Ainemarie, Corah. Norfolk, City Point and
Richmond?Old Dominion Steamship (To.
Steamship Regulator, Freeman, Philadelphia- Lorlllard
Steamship Co.
hieauishlp Norwich, Hines, Salem Murray, Ferris A Co.
Steamabip Wainsulta Fiab, New Bedford?Ferguson A
Wood
Hark Voyageur (Br), Bri chain, Palermo?0 H Bultoy.
Bark Harriet, lloyer, Cadiz via Alicante ami Valencia?C
Lillluc A Co.
Bark Orono I Hr>, McLellau. Aspiuwsll?J P Whitney A Cn.
Bark Isle of Skye (Br), F'ord, St John, NB?G A Philips A
Collins.
Brig Mary fc. Thayer, Tyler, Rodasta and Constantinople
Jus llenry.
Schr James O'Donahne, Smith, Barbados?Miller A Hough
ton.
Schr Ells Hodsden, Nlckerson, Barbados?H Trowbridge's
Sous.
Bcnr Lookout, Nichols, Havana?Jss h Ward A (U>.
Schr W C Bee. Cheater, Savannah?Evans, Hall A Co.
Schr Euuene Horda, Latcbain, Charleston?Beutley, Miller
A Co.
Schr LAM Reen, Steedman. Chester, Pa?Baker A Day
ton.
Scbr S P Godwin, Watemury, Stamford.
ARRIVALS.
REPORTED BY THR UKRALD STEAM YACHTS.
Ship J L Hall 'Br)t Smith, Fading, Aug 17, via Table Bar,
t?wIlh sucar, to BAcltnag!e A Co. Aug 28.
lnt 11 15 S. loo 84 07 J?, encountered hearv weather, during
which ehiited cargo aud ?tarted aurnoard ?Uncheons;
pawed the Cupe of Hood Hope Oct 6 and St Helena Oct 27;
crossed the equator Nqv 9. in Ion 23; had line weather since
passing the Cape of Oooa Hope; been 12 days W of Bermuda.
frnip Hette (NO Nut horn, Bremen Nov 16, in ballast to
H hoop a Co. The Betty Is anchored on the bar.
Ship I'rlnz Albert (NG>, Cabnbiv, Hamburg Oct 31, with
mdse and i6 l passengers, to hunch. Edye A Co. Took the
southern passage and nad hoe weather; has been 10 days
W of Bcrmuua. The Prince Albert is anchored outside the
Hook.
Bark Ferdinand (NO), Meyer, Singapore June 29, with
mdse to Lauman A Kemp. Left Singapore with light, varia
ble winds from b and 6b mostly, which we kept all the time,
beating through Klo and Banc* Straits, which rtrst named
was cleared on the 24th. and the latter on 4th of July; the
same wind brought us clear of Sunder Straits on the 8th of
July and continued into .he SK trades; the same was strong
anu squally, with a very high sea; in the vlcin
It, of Rerguelen Island bad .11 appearance, of a hurri
cane barnm 29 76; tremendous high ira; tliunder and
ILhtnlng, with torrent, of rain wind veering tbrough NE
Nord. Mjf and W. Alter lying to lor 48 hour, wind went
back to BE again, with moderate weather, and kept so till
we crossed the meridian of Madagaaca Inland, on 30th Jul,
In lat 28. From t ienco to Cape of Good Hope wind waa
uioHtl, from the westward, very changeable, with galea
tU- abort duration. A strong current, running
experienced tm we came with n
.00 ntlles of the coast of Africa. Bounding the Cape the
WPlrtSrr P??'1 Tfy 'hfeatening, especially on the 8th
and 9th of August, In lat 36 7. Ion 25 20, when it waa blowing
a furious gale from NW and W. which, opposing a strong
current of 63 miles a da,, caused a tremendioua
high sea. The rhlp labored heavy, and was at
times nearly buried under the eeaa aha shipped
On me 11th of August weather moderating, wind battling all
round the compass, sometimes freshening from ESE for
I short duration*. 1'assnd the Equator 14th August and waa
?.etalned much b, W and NW and ff!tW winds, which put
ii. out of the general track of re.?e s. August 81, lat 18 H
Ion 4 W, got the SE trades, commencing fresh!
bul light afterwards. Passed the Island of
Fernando Nnrontra Sept 12, and crossed the line 16tb. In Ion
41 30 W; tarried the 8E trades to lat 7 47 N, where the wind
changed to NR. A strong current,, sometime as much as
42 miles a day, setting to W and WNW. The fresh
N R trade increased as we came north, with hazy
atmosphere and high sens. Barometer steady at 29 93
Sept 24. being In lat 13 15 N and Ion 58 68 W, the NK trades
gained In Iorce against night coming on, so that we were
obliged to take In all light sails. At 12 o'clock same night
took in topgadauta ill and gaff topsail, and two
hours later the vessel laid to under her lower
topaalli only. The barometer hating since
dark gone down to 29.C6, and the wind iswreaslng fast to a
hail storin but soon alter tne wind seared to N W and grew
em in strength. Barometer, 29 86. We thought, therefore,
the gnle had passed. At 6 o'clock a dead full burrb
r*?a ?iLunk ,h". Tr,*el Put her on ber beam
1 Th',, ,whr!f ?hlp, with ber masts and rig
shaking terrible. The ambiint air was a continued flash of
lightning and water, which blowed In sub force across the
deck that for some time we could not keep our eyes open;
lower t"paai:a were clewed and the crew sent up to furl'
them; hut It was Impossible. Other sails blowed from the
gaskets; masts bent to their uttermost, threatening
to blow over the side with the whole crew aloft
The latter were therefore ordered down. Ship laid with lee
rail under water not able to rise again, rona'daring the
great danger of springing a lead and foundering, we cut the
tnpmaala to save the ship and cargo. Both topmasts with
gihrmtn went at the same time and the ship Tightened
a little. Cleared the deck and ship from the
wreck, which proved very dltticult. At nine o'clock the
hurricane abated. Barometer, which had Just before 6
o'clock fallen snddenly to 29 66, was now found at 80 Ml.
As the vessel had lost all sails, moat provisions being spoiled
h, sea water and the vessel fast making water, so were
obliged to seek tile nearest port, and therefore steered for St
Thomas, where we arrived Sept 80. Repaired and left
again; Dec 16. bad fresh NR trade till lat 26 N, Ion 71 47 W
where wind veered slowly round to 8W and N, and com
menced fresh again from K, BW and 8; Dec 23, passed Cape
Hattera. had strong winds from S and 8SK on the following
day, thenee line weather and moderate winds from 8 for rest
of vuvage. Took s pilot about IS miles outside Sandy Hook.
December 26, nnd completed the passage from St Thomas to
New York in 10 days.
Bark Rossha I tali, Pesce, Newport 62 days with rallwar
Iron to Kunch, Edye A Co.
Hat k Zlo Lorenzo (Ita Cegrego, Card I IT, 20 davs. In bal
last, to order. 'look the southern passage, and had variable
weather.
Bark Kt John (Br;, Ryder, Cadiz Not 3 with mdse to C B
Fes.endcn.
hark Vmltlna Ital), Trieste 94 davs, with mdse. to order.
Dec 27. at 2 AM, during dense fog, went ashore on Barne
gat, and w?s got MT at II AM same dav by Capt Maxon, of
the Coast Wrecking tin, without receiving any damage, aud
towed to this cltv.
Bark Wavelet' llr), Broiirhton, Rio Janeiro, Not 8. with
coffee, to Pendergast Bros A Co. The W is anchored outside
the bar.
Bark Huntress Br', Ounn, Rio Janeiro, Nov 10. with cof
fee. to Wrlgh', Brown A Co. Croaee.1 the Equator Dec 6 In
Ion 88 *0; Nov 17, on tne coast of Brazil, too* a heavy gale
from NR, whlcn lasted 16 daya; ainee then Due weather.
The II Is anchored on the oar.
Itark Inaulan (Nori, Mookelbert, Havana, 13 days with
sugar, to C Tobias A Co; bad variable weather. The Intulan
la anchored on the bar.
Bark Catarlna iltal), Mareaca, Cardenas, 13 ilaya, with
?ugar to Kolnra A Co; tassel to Punch, Edye A Co. Had
moderate weather.
Brie Shasta. Brown Malaga 66 days, with fruit, to J R
Dev.In- teasel la Holland, l)rart>orn A Co. Paassd Gibral
tar Nov li; took the aotithern passage and bad line weather
up to Rermuda. from thence 8 daya, with atrong SW and N
W wind*.
Brig Cahoatao (Hraz>, Raldannha. Pernamburo, 30 days,
with aiiuar, to 11 II Swift A Co. Croaeed Ihe Equator Not ''9
in ion 41. had atrong trade wlnda ip to lat 24; from thence
light winds and rains She Is anchored on Ihe bar.
Brig Rainbow. Marshall, Port au Prince, Dec 6, via St
Marc, with logwood, to Moaa A Ward.
Nrhr 8 A Rer <1, Reed, Para 16 data, with robber, Ac, to P
Moran?Teasel to Jed Krye A Co. Ilad pleasant weather.
Left in port acbra narles Thompson and Mart Burdett. for
New York.
Hrhr silver Stnr, Smith. Para, 23 daya, with rubber, Ac, to
Dokner. Potter A Co.
Schr Altavelia. Jov, Am Cayea, 14 days, with logwood and
coffee, to MHier A Hn'ighton.
Schr Maid of Ihe Mist inf Ellaworth), Osgood, Jarmel, U
days, with logwood and coffee, to Harrison A Bartow. Had
One weather. The Maid or the Mlat la anchored on the bar.
Schr Juila A Decker, Dunion, Puree, PR. 10 days, with
oranges, to Madge A Co?vessel to M J Wenberg. Had
moderate wealher. Left In iron brig Blglow, for Boston.
Mcnr A f? Scull (of Great Egg Harbor), Hieelman, Rast Har
bor, T I, 14 days, with salt, to Woodruff A Robinson, vessel
to Evan*. Hall A Co: had light variable weather.
Schr Morford A Truhey (Hr, Roberta, Hall Cay. TI. 12
days, with sail, to Mlddleton A Co?vessel to Penlston A Co.
Had One weather.
shr 8 E Kaoens (of Newbiiryport), Crooker, Ora Cahlasa.
16 days, with 'mil to Rathburn Bros A Co?vessel to B J
Wenberg. Had moderate northerly and easterly wind* up
to lit Herns; from thence light wind* and calms with much
fog.
schr Kalmar, Lambert, Jacksonville 11 days, with lumber
to Warren Ray A Co. Wat 1 days north of llatleraa, with
heavy N and NK galea: snlit tails and I ist host.
Schr Ssran Collins, Davis, Cedar Keys. Fla, 16 days,
cedar to Evnnt, Hall A Co. Ilad fine weather.
Kcbr Louisa kraster, Sieelman, Georgetown, 8 C, It days,
with naval stores, to matter,
Hrhr C R Washington, Houseman, Virginia.
Schr Charles Moriard. Parsons. Georgetown, DC.
Schr y S Freeman, Paine, Boston for Philadelphia. Pi;
In for a harbor.
Schr Hlondel, Chapman, Provlncetown for Philadelphia
I'm in lora harbor.
I'lssed Through Hell Gsls.
Hot Nt) socrit.
Selir New Zea and. Co.ilt, Camden, M?, 4 days, for New
York, is lib rridse. to H VV Lo.nl a Co.
Sclir Clara Bet e, Amsbury, New London for New York, in
ballast, to t> C Loud A Co.
Si hr Kc.l Jacket, Ayerlll, Rockland for New York, with
IIiiic to J K Brown.
Schr Commerce, Torrry, K.icklnnd for New York, with
lime to J K brown,
schr Geo Slier.nan, Htswart, Cape Ann lor New York, Willi
alone to Bridge Co.
schr N noipre, squirt, Dcnnia for New York,
hciir Maple, Jotiv q i rovucnct lor New i ork.
Kvhi Ping, Morrelt, Giteowich for New 1 irke
Bohr Orlando Smith, Ferria. Port Cheater for Mot* Tort
Bohr 8 Paige, Wriant. Cold Spring tor No* Yort
Schr Horace L. Ward, Maw Rocbelle for Ho boko a.
Hchr Dictator, Kelly, Providence tor Tangier Sound.
Kchr Almlra Wooley, King, Salem for New Yort
Solir tJeorge H Mllla, Tillotsou, Providence for Baltimore.
Sclir Addle Walton, Coggswell, Moetou for Baltimore.
Schr K S Warren, Ptnckney, Mentor far New Yort
8chr J Gam mage. Rockland for New York.
Schr Oliver Perry. Murphy, Ulan Cove lor New Yort
Schr John .lohnano, Stetson. Riverhead for PhUa lelohla.
Hchr Blonde, Hentley, Mnletone Point for Philadelphia.
Schr K Freeman, Keydon, Boatnn for Philadelphia.
Bchr Anna Dole, Hunce, Providence for Hoboken.
Kchr Ytm Donnelly, Donnelly, New Haven for Philadelphia
Kchr George Hotchkisa. Dot |e. Kail 11 iter for New York.
Sehr Lark. Uuptll, Calali for New Yort
Steamer Nelie, Davia, Providence tor New York ,wltb
mdae and paaaeugers.
BOUND BAST.
Steamship Norwich, lilnaa. New York for Sulem.
Htrainnhlp Warnsutta. Plah. New Yori for New Bedford.
Brig Annie Llmiaiey, McAlnion, New York lor UtUaboro
NS.
Kchr H D May. May. Philadelphia for Boston.
Schr Curtli Tllton, Thompaou, Georgetown, DC, for Pro
vidence.
Schr Samuel P Oodwin, Waterourv. New York for Stam
ford.
Schr Ira Laffrlnler, Coleman, Port Johnaon for Boaton.
Schr Cornelia, Denniaon, Savannah for Bridgeport.
Schr Talma. Koblnaon, Ntw York for Bridgeport.
Schr Pilot's Bride, Sykea, New York for Boaton.
8c.br Kdwm Stevens, Hedges, Port Johnaon for Provi
dence.
Schr George W Glover, holbroot Port Johnson for Rock
land.
Schr Sllaa Wright, Brown, Werhawken for Boaton.
SchrSerampa, Jewett, Uoboken for Portsmouth.
Schr Prauci* liaynea, Hayoea. Hobikcn for Boston.
Schr Ada Amea, kmc*. New York for Hoaton.
Kchr Sea Dog, Allen, Jacksonville for Pall River.
Schr Mary Tlce, Dunham, Port Johnaon for New Haven.
BELOW.
Bark Polycarp Norh Kllertaen, Trom Newport Oct 20, with
railway iron to order (by pilot boat Jane. No I).
SAILED.
Steamship* Cuba, and Wvomlng, Liverpool; Victor, New
Orleans; Georgia, Charleston: W P Clyde, Richmond, Ac.
Wind at aunaet N W, fresh.
Shipping Not".
A telegram tinted December 26, trom Newbern, NO, to
Tbomes Uoimee A Co, of this city, states that Oapt Thomae
Murray, of ecbr Qeu Torbert, waa drowned at UatteraB;
?easel waa bound from Newbern to New York, aud put back
to Newbern; full particulars not yet receded.
The steamship Silesia, which left Hamburg on the 13th or
December, was detained by rog and did not leave Havre until
the 28d of December. The Silesia cannot be expected con
sequently before the 2d or 8d of January, and will sail again
on the 9th of January instead of the 2d, on which day there
will be no steamer from this port.
Marine lilsnsters.
Strambhip Pi ntlDA, from New Orleans for Apalaclil
chicola, sprung a leak In the Gulf or Mexico on the 281 tnst
and sunk. The oiilcers and crew took to the boats aud landed
20 miles east or Mobile Point. John Reed (colored) was
drwoned by the swamping of a boat In the aurf. The steamer
waa valued at $20,000. There waa no insurance.
Rmn MaRYBV1I.LK, Williams, trom St John, NB. for
Boston, was discovered Sunday morning. 24th inst, by pilots
Chase, Stevens and Tburlow. lying off Plum Is'and with a
signal of distress, and on boarding ber they discovered a
scene of suffering such as Is rare even upon our coast In
winter. She left St John, NB, on the I3tb Inst, with 91,OW
feet of lumber. She sprung aleak off Cape Ann, and very
soon became unmanageable, and drifted a boa. from night of
80th until Sunday morning last, at 8 o'clock, when she went
upon the shoals at the South Breakers, half a mile south of
Plum Island Lights: during the time that she was drilling
about, waterlogged, the weather was extremely cold, and the
captain and crew were exposed to all Its severity In wet
clothing, without shelter or fire, and nothing to eat but raw
meat, and without drink. When found by the pilots they
were all badly frozen with the exception of the captain, and
if the weather had not moderated on Saturday all must have
perished. The captain escaped with frozen toes, the others
Eemg badly injured by the frost tn tne
und it iR not yet certain that some of them will not ne
oh Iced to undergo amputation. The pilots took them to the
lions" of Capt Lunt, keeper of the lights, who. with bis fam
ily, did everything posslole for the comiort and preservation
o? the men. The Marysville now Ilea on die
South Breakers, and at low water can be boardeo.and iftle
weather shall hold good she may b- got off. These men, n
wet clothing from Wednesday nlgnt until Sunday morning, In
such weather as we had last week, upon the deck of a yewtel,
without food, lire or drink, have hud an experience tnat la
about as terrible as anything which men ever undergo.
Steamship Cuba (Br), Watson, hence for Liverpool 27th
Inst, while going down theJLower Bay, grounded on the
Spit, and remained on at 11 dW P.M.
Steamship Beli.ona <Br), Jeffrey, from Savannah Nov
18 r?r Liverpool, before reported spoken Dec 1", w"b main
shaft broken, arrived at Crooahaven 2nih.
Ship Obion, Harding, loading at Galveston for Liverpool
or Havre, csught fire -5th tnst. At last account# steamers
were pumping water Into her.
Hxiis DeivELAND. at Boston 25th trom Bombay, struck
ot?Cape Cod Bight of the 2td, and came off without assist
ance in a leaky concltlon; ber pumps are still at work.
Bark Danish Princess <Hr>. ^pwith. from (^erponl
for tiew York. 53 d*y? out, ?pok*n I)?*c 7, lat 10, ion
64 3(1, with loss of lopms't and lopcallantmast and main
mast sprung?she wanted on assistance.
Banc Vebsaili.es?Galveston, Dec. 2tl-The Civilian saya
that ?n etlon will shortly te made to blow up the wreck of
ba*k VersaUtes, whlehlea tn the sn.peh.nnel over Galveston
liar The wreck haa caused several vessels to get ashore^ as
lher, (toaSS? j? aground in givtog It too wide a berta In
coming into port.
Bauk CTCI.ONB, Keviea, at Fall River from Brnntwick,
Os. via Savannah. experienced very heavy weather, losing
deck load of lumber, carrying awav foretopgallant and main
topmasts, and sustaining other damage to sails and rigging.
Bark Dehor ah Pknnkll <ot Brunswick. Me). Reed,
from Baltimore tor Rotterdam, is reported by a cable de
spatch to have been lost in the North oca. No date or other
particulars given.
Bark "Vai.entia" (so reported), Is ashore nine miles
south of Rquan Inlet. The Coast Wrecking Company have
cent assistance to ber.
Brio Hattie Eaton, from Demarara for Boston, put Into
Bermuda (no date) with loas of rudder, tails split and hull
badly damaged.
BRtot-REYA, from Baltimore for Rio Janeiro, before re
ported ashore on the Nine Foot Knoll, came off at high tide
on Saturday last without Injury, and was towed back to tbe
Quarantine ground.
8<T1B E K Brown, from San Andreas for Baltimore, be
fore reported wrecked on Riding Rocks, ran ashore 14lh InsL
t*ip <?r#?w were aaved aud taken to Key Wftit. with the excep
turn of the captain Crook", who died on the 18th from fatigue
and eipoeure, and wat buried at sea.
Rciin Jan* C Pattfrson, Frown, from Elizabethport for
Proriuence, before reported aehore ai Clinton, Ct, dragged
onthe rocks In the gale of Saturday night, and ha. gone to
pieces. Her rinsing, sails, Ac, are being saved.
arn? OtonET (of Falrhaveng Capt John K Alden, In com*
ins^rom Pasque Island 25th Inst, .truck on "Old Bartemy
reck off Clark's Point, In the thick fog, and sunk immedl
Ttvlv Cautain Alden, Mr Jacob Ulbbs and a boy remaiued
nnnn thu wreck about an hour, her bow being out of water.
PTOnl?on^lM Point beard tllelr criea, and the macilncharge
.,i? fort, with another man, took them off in a boat. The
Cvnet was loaded with produce. Steamer Helen August,
towed the wreck to Fatrhaven.
Mteeel Iumu,
l.ArNculm?A new steamer for the Lighthouse Depart
ment waa IIannched at Chester, P., 22d tost. The vessel Is 127
feel in length 2fi feet beam and 9 feel depth of hold, bbe
in i!. .,Y,?,,iled ?*uh a beam engine and tunular boiler.
Al Bsth^ Me, 28th inat?from the yard of Go.. A Sawyer, j.
,i ree-'masted achooneer of 32# tons, named William Hil
?n.f She U owned by pa tire In Providence and Jersey Mly.
She will had irera the latter place, and I. to be commanded
by Capt John M Weaver.
RHii'iiBiLPiNO-At the Delaware River Iron Rhlpbuiid ng
V .A Li rheiter Pa. a large screw stesmer ts now being
i m fnr .ilm i'n New York; also a propeller for the Pacific
Mail h lv am?ldl' Co in pan y. The formVr ^11 be 220 feet long,
?Ti latter 2H5 The iHme company nave laid the keel for
In lrefi oTimeet m length, tor Southern watere.
.Notice to Mnrlnens.
The Dolphin marking Long Bed, below Providence, haa
been knocked down by Ice.
Whalemen.
shin Live Oak, Peckerman, of NB, cruising In New 7.ea
i.nrf is to nracaed to San Francisco In the eprlng, where
'"pi Alexander Wheiden, lat. ot bark John Rowland, la to
"^KuTm"1J L Btgelow,
130 tons of Province!own, have been withdrawn from the
c i l.ini.. and are now In the merchant service.
WA^etiwYrom^'n"a?dbS?k Osprsy. Millard of NB, dated
Oet t report, ber at aea, no lat Ac, with 160 bbl. spoil, all
t0Shlo Emma C Jones. Oifford, of NB, was at Fayal Sept 22,
wlihFtl bbls ap oil all told. Would be at Paita In March.
Hnoken.
Scbr William Cannes., of Bangor, steering 8P, with a deck
load of horses, Dec 9, lat 28, Ion oi.
For ell Porta.
Crookhatkw, Dee 25?Arrived, steamship Bellona (ltr),
ivCrevs savannah for Liverpool (aee Lilasterei.
WCA? Nov 90-In port achr t:haa Ruasell, tine.
Hoso koNB, Nov 1?Salted, ship. Lord Mac.ulay (Br).
r.,? N?w York -6th, Bblrley, Wnicomh, Ran Fraaclaco; 7th,
ornheuf^niith.'Wbampoa; iVh, brig Hall Columbia, Brero
?LP u?L?nk %lh. sblB Anahuae, gpauldlog. Manila,
ton, Mon?ixola, ri?rella, Peanody, for San Francisco,
Klmiiri Midlen, for do, repg and reloading, to sail abl
VJ,; lx BiViuinne iHr), Hiinlcr, from Whampoa for New
P*C.16.;?2 Lretred Early Morn (fer). Foreman ifrom Bhang
h L \ork" Illlooe t Br), Rapaon. fordo; Yoactnite,
ttSktrXZaX frincw" wriVed bark. Armln (NG..
from New
To,rfi.??oni Dec %?Arrlyed, ships Baranak, Ives, PJjtla
?teamlhlp'of thai
"'lAr^noNf0bicWi^'fL^red?^*rteamkh^p*l^0M*nd, Bragg,
Dec 27 Arrived, steamship Austrian.
BmIn I a'^'De"^* "t^ship Highlander, Foster, for
And L?(iy Loulik fnpdo: Cl?ik (Br>? /or oo; Adilfl
rtedgwlck Bri, Hs?"fi. '"r y (Bn Brown, for Hwa
"'so'tlTMAMPTON, Dec x6-Arrlyed, steamship Bwlln. Uo
d?ri?rNm "-""port hark Kate Williams. Hale,
f?5?5T?; Dec 25?Cleared, whr Louisa D (Br), Wag
Wi^rov Nov 9 Sailed prtfiotA bark St Paullt (NG),
I)r'po"\NNoV9,Wk Humboldt (NO,, fichwelcbel. for New
^"VkoH^A. No? 21?In port bark Walton (Br). Mercer,
for New York, idg.
Amcrlcnit Porta.
BOSTON. Dec SIH .^^^''soZere, Moffi Ma" A
New Orleansi fc.ilral.elh Edwards. ?J0?e?, g itrac
Ifyer, l'..rvere, a.. I L D "^^.XUre! H W G-J
dqn, Snow, and Ldwln ,|olin siusmau, Adams,
^GVoreri ^^Mrphl. F K IUH, IUJIj,^
'a Me'v ay d|^tKo" ^sCd," L?.w, an I U?ryla,.d T^
rey. Pon iuhw^ i torn** W
"if?"'1 ?"?'lw1nkla, Hlgglng, and l>rn(, 8m flit,
br.kMVSrt r*eB r?F. Newburg; bophla, BuS
H to Appold, Lovsland, Baltimore via
brlga Ida l?? ST SI* tBr)- Ro*er,> l'apc Coast, Africa;
Charleston! ^*rk> Havaunao; Minnie AbbieT llardlng
78t?am?bIp Tripoli,
leas. SmyroartrifjMfei,',Il2jr"er' BaUrla; bark Beit.
iKSi'1*'0* "0,tenburf: b*rk" Dor
Malaga. ""gen, (jotteuburg; brig Malaga,
Sew o"il?ni,hHL"rua^n *Krwerile*m"blp Llberty' Reed'
?o^^n^HnntJrl'an^WUd l'IL? oVboth't """iT' Bel?W'
SBeareu Steamship Win R>nnedV A0,
Norfolk; fichra Laura (NG) Wllniswn ill ^,,aWa
cross. Dan versWm Tici. l\ce {,*J, 2?? Kdtth
war .a, Greenieaf, Providence NewUave"i Mary Ed
??.".'1755!?. Kl? Janeiro.
BRIDGEPORT, Dec 27- Sailed, acbra 8 D n?n n
""on H ,ve?- Poster. New Vork <'olem*n.
bawken!?U ?eU mhr H Huntley, Davw.
CH ARLESTON". Dec 21--Cleared, ecbr O K Phelna ua.i.
New York via Jacksonville- ?k??er,
R,dtV.\.??lT'^mV'alMh,'p J,ra"? A"a"- N*w York; bark
HaD4OTr?^.^
IERNANDINA, Deo 17 -Arrived, brig Ella Maria lloxle
brig K HV.ot'ffi'NeS toXSStS!* d0;
p.!:. MONROE, Dec 27?Arrived, origs Jane Good
Slchmoid. order.; Ocean Star, Liverpool for
4r"^vf-n.F^l Hav?nT*d' b"? C'c,0M- N^n?
i 'AWCMTKB, Dec 18?Arrived, brig J Cofllll Jons Bar*
Md Kmi*8 uudw
MOHILK, Dec ?2?Arrived, iblp Lancaater Rartl.ti y.i.
^vsutt&jsr-**?rafi5?
v artnEflii| Hamburg via ilavana* alilou John u u.ka*
Spear, Liverpool: Zim. fir.. (:at^?*La?ul?b; bart Kooj?
Bv?rr? (Nor), Pecleraen, Bordeaux; 1'a^iuini dial) PalZta?
u3S??ZuV A?euate(NU).Voii Harten, Bre^nj isS
Relh, D,?' ft? i'"*"?c|r; below, coming up, iblpa
Bella Jnana (bp), Lublracbe, from Uavana Richard III
Hefe^irpm .ttrd.,fl br,?i? Lealtud (Sp), Gaza, from Havana;
Helen M Rowland, Went, from New fork.
.M,;0^lJ?,,e2ra",,p u""''d States, Crowell. New York;
Spragtie, Sparrow, Liverpool; bark Joahua
Lorlnt Lorlnc. boston; ecbr. M E Nason Roberta. Port
Antonio, Ja; J Prince, Howes, Old Providence
Braonf from Sio'rjan'ii? O^ll/^
SSSiMia""baWS
Sailed?Bark Jamco.
n^BTaDnF;i?SounD,rv^-ArrlTed' P"?tb?at
?ebV it7k *'led,? .!>*rkJ Rob'rt Morriion. Seavey, New York
harbor) ,fcnd returned and aucbored In outer
?th Sailed, seine Splendid, Phlnney; VeneUa. Lewi., and
M Moneon. .Ir, Dayton, New York. b MU
1'if^f r, Dec it, PM?Arrived, schrs Edward Lamaver
R. f?a,ne- i^?"i fpwburyport; ("have. Peek, New York for 1
Boston, Iris, Lowden, do for YVareham; Hlondel. .shopman
1 rovlncetown for Plilladelplila; Kraok M Freeman, Paine!
do for do Gen Sherl lan, Stewart, tlape Ann for New Yor^
Gardiner, Providence for do; Saxon, Hatch Kalf
p p,r.i.hr v: alne, Howe. Provlocetown lor do; Amelia
r Cobb, Newcnnib, Providence for Tangier; Moggie M
Weaver, W eaver. Kali River lor Maurico River; Rebecca H
Warren, Johnson, Bangor for Baltimore.
Returned, in conieiiueDce of light and adveme winds and
foul weather, brig. Frontier. &ve, sldeT\ch?v D?cu"
Cynosure, Jane F Dnrfee uud J C Llbby. viator.
Sailed?All vessels bound up the Bay.
ti h^' PM-Arr'v' Mary Amsben, Lavender, ar.d'
Abble Pitman, Lambert, Boston for Baltimore; Harry Jt
Ned. Green, ball River lor Newark James A Potter, Oder.
Rockland for New ork; Commerce. Torrey. Newburvoort
tor Baltimore; Helen A Locke, Gray, Providence for do;
Susan, Sherman, Fall River fordo; R H Huntley Ilavla
kerTfor'New Bedford10'' J?bQ Kl"ldo,pb'
BbfdWp:;; 11 WeaTerc
NEW HAVEN. Dec -.ij Arrived, scbrs j B Swarford,
Soulrea, Hoboken; Faalilon, Young, PoitJobuson; J Ray
moad. Douglas, do. J
i leared-schra J tV Mine, Lane. York River. Va; Cnrti,
Goodwin, Lewis; R RR tn, Baldwin: Edward Llnsley. Hill"
h E have, frauds, and l.lzzle, Taylor, New Vork
J7tli?Arrived, brig T Towner, Rica, Turk'. Iaian l: achra
Annie Hell, Elklns, do; Connecticut, Burton, New York'
Marco* L Ward, Smith, do; Alien Gurney. Gurney, Port
Jobnaton Nellie Bloomheln. Hobble, Stamford Cbalanooaa.
Snare, Bangnr; Hlaat, Parker, Trenton. "IPS
Sailed?Brig Uttawa, Mclcver. New Brandon, N R; aebra
Tunis Bodfne. Brown; Nelle Bloomhed, Hobble: Frank
I lerce, FUander; J D Knckalcw, Robbius; G B Maakle
Bishop, and sloop W S Mount, Hawkins, New York.
,J'H*LAl,'iLPHIA, Dec 24--Arrlvet, steamship Salsette.
fBri, Capper, Liverpool via Halifax; sblp Charlotte (Nor).
Gatebeu, New York; brig Roanoke, Will.le, Porlo Cabello:
?clirx Jwiifi H Gordon, c.oruon. Providence; L Hlckinxn
Kohirmon, Honton.
Cleared?Hark Rome, Otis, Gibraltar for orders; brig Hal
dee Br McDonnell, Kir^?nit?n via Falmouth, Ja; achra Ma
rietta Til ton, Miller, Matanzaa;J H Gordon, Gordon, Boa
ton.
PORTLAND, Dec 23?Arrived, scbr A Illgglna, Young,
for New Vork.
24th?Arrived, bark Glenalladale, McDonald, Plctou.
Wlh Arrived, bark RovcroCL McGrav, Newport, E
Cleared?Brig Johannab, McCarty, Mobile.
PROVIDENCE, Dec 2>?Arrived, bark Union, Stafford.'
Pensacola; schrs David A Berrv, Waters, and MinouaT
Heaney, Ellzabelbport M
Sailed?Scbr Zoe, Rich, New Vork. j
2Stb Arrived, brig Melrose, Grixgs, Pensacola: aebra Oerv
8 Whltford, Eddy, Airua ulla PR; J G Fell. Nlckeraon Porl
Johnson Harriet Lewis. Tay'or, and Jamea Phelps. Rock
well, Hoboken; Florence. Hart, New Vork. V
Sailed?Scbr* Willie Irving. Bobbins, Virginia; Moses WU
lismsoti. Lake, Baltimore; Maggie McNeal, Oraumer, Phlla
delpbla, or a Southern port: Charles A Gralner, Harvey, and
S I, IhompsoD, Hull, New York.
SAVANNAH. Dec 23-Arrived, ship Annaltella (Br\ Craig
Liverpool; barks Virgin del Calrnar (So), Zarandeoeia. and
Kalael Pomnr (So), Velret, Malanzas.
Sritb?Sailed, steamship Virgo, Bulklev, New Vork
27th?Arrived, steamships Darten, from the Arores; Sas
Ha'vador. New York Seminole, Boston; ship Wimbledon
Liverpool; bark James K Bord, Yarmouth. j
Also arrived k"ih, snips L K Gilchrist, from Liverpool
Senator Iken <NU), Schumacher, Bremen; barks Jerotn*
Jones. Liverpool; Carl Genre, Newcastle. Below, steam,
ahln Montgomery, front New York.
leared Sim. Martha Ruwker, Charleston to load for LIv-'
erpool: schr G S Tracy, Boston.
V^ALEM, Dec 25 -Arrived, steamship Alliance, Shute, New
Also arrived 25th, schrs Lizzie Smith, Gnrliam. Deal's
Island, Va: Slith, Golden City, Reene, Cayenne; Henrietta
Simmons, Godfrey, and L A Danenbower, Grace, PbUadeh
pbia.
Sailed 24th, schrs C B Jones: J D Marshall, Marshall Sa
vannah.
8TONINGTON, Dec 23?Arrived, schrs Jas Pbelpe, Rock
well, New York; KRen Perkins, Kelley, and R B SmUh,
Nicholson, do: Mlnnoas, llesney. Port Johnson for Provl
uence; Elisha T Smith, Baker. New York for Somerset 1 II
Borden, Hadwln, do for Fall River; Niantlo, Paddtlford. do
for Taunton.
WILMINGTON. NC, Dec 23-Arrlved, schrs Ben. Davla.
New Vork; Chas W Holt, Harris, Boston.
Cleared-Steamship Benefactor. Jones, New York: schra
Four Sisters, Shearer, Havana; Burdett Hart. Pierce New
York; Lilv. Ilughea. Boston. nerce, New
VINEYARD Haven. Dec 2V PM-Arrlved, bark Almlra.
Coombs, Wilson, East Harbor, TI, for Boston.
Sailed Schrs R A Konl Br), and James Bilaa.
26m. AM- Arrived, schrs All,la, Lambert, Weehawken fnr
Boston; Chilian. Wlnslow, Ellzabethport for Lynn
Sailed-Brig Harmony (Br); schrs Chilian, and Helen (I
n i njj.
PM-Anived, schrs Mary B Reeves, Hoboken for Boston.
Returned?Brig Harmony, and scbr Helen O King.
Sailed?Scbrs Rio, Forest City, Charles E Paige Isabella.
Jewett, E H Furber. and Tempo.
27th-Arrived, schrs Joseph Fisk, Bull SC. for Portland
Laura Hrldgioan, and Whltnev Long, Boston for Savannah-'
Adrtan, Rockland Tor Nsw York Fredk I* Krye Baltimore
for Keltaat; Mt Hope, New York for Rockiandf
Returned?frcbr Edward I.amcyer.
iMUCRLUNBtfim.
y^-A-A-A~A I.-FURTHKR REDUCTION.
I am now offering my entire new ?too It of
China, Ulaaa, French Clock*,
Brontes, Va*ei, Table Cutlery.
Shellteld an<l premium domestic
Tinted Ware, Tea Seta, Urns,
Eprrgnes, Cake Baskets, Tu ding
and nerrv Dishes, Nankin Rlnga,
Knives. Forks, Spoons, Ac.,
and a great variety of fancy
and staple houaefurnlahing Hardware
for housekeeping purposes and l.oltday preecnta.
And. as a further inducement, until January 1, 1H72. I am
making an actual caah discount on each bill of ten per cant
from 1 he already established low price* of my good*, which
arc, as usual, marge I In plain ilcurea.
L'i>w a on fi uicuii
EDWARD D. BA88KORD,
(Ireal central housekeepers' empoi
Cooper Inalltutc, corner Aator Pli
A -NEW YEAR CARDS WRITTEN OR ENGRAVED"
In all atyle* at short notice.
YAN EVE REN'S Cord Stand, Grand Central Hotel.
A~ BBOLUTB DIVOROK8 LEGALLY OBTAINED fBOS
thecourta of dlderent Slates. No pit ilicliv. Adrloa
free. Notar* Tubllc an I Com nlssloaer for ey.try State.
R.L Kl.su Coii'tsell >r-al-L?w. .lit Itr.ia lwaT.
Absoluts divorces legally obtained fro* s
Courts of different States; desertion. Ac., sufllclent
cauae no publicity; no charge until divorce granted; advlca
free. M. HOt SE. Attorney, ISO Broadway.
Beautiful snowi
BEAUTIFUL BNOWI
"Beautiful Snow, and Other Poem*." New and enlarged
edition, In tine binding*, for the holiday*. By J. W. Watson.
A beautiful book, aultable for preaeutation to auy one.
"Bi untuHI Mnow, and Other Toema," la complete in one r
Isr^c oetaro volume, and la printed on the lineal tinted plate
paper, hound In morocco cloth, with bevelled boards, gilt top,
gilt side and back. It is one of the handsomest volumes
ever issued. Every person should own a copy of "Beautiful
Snow," as It la the heat roiume of I'oema ever Issued.
Price ot the book hound In above style S3 09
In full gilt, full gilt edge*, lull gilt sides, Ac 8 00
In full Tursey morocco, lull gilt edges, stdea, Ac 4 00
"Beautiful Snow" la for sale In New York by the Ameri
can News Conipi ny, by D. Applelon A Co., and by all other
bookseller*. Copies of either edition will he sent to any
one to any place, post paid, on receipt ol price, by the
publisher*,
T. B. PETERSON A BROTHERS,
MM chestnut otieat, Phtiade phia, Pa, a
Bargains in teas, coffees, orocerikh and
Provision*; warranted to ault the palate and the pockeia
of the ml.lion. THOMAS K. AO NEW,
2fi0 Qreenwieh street, New York,
H
ENRY MA1LLARD
will open
on THURSDAY, 28th Inst.,
at his establishment,
Ml East Fourteenth street, corner Broadway and Union
sipiare,
seven cases,
receded by
steamer St. Laurent,
of
the latest novelty In
Fancy Boies,
for New Year's presents.
J.
IT. vandkwatkr,
OFFICE, CABINET AND MERCANTILE FURNl
TURK MANUFACTURER,
62 Anu an 1162 tfilliaiii streets. New York.
gi AVE FIFTY PER CENT,
k?
BUY YOUR
CHINA,
GLASS.
PLATED WARE,
and HOLIDAY PRESENTS
at the. FRENCH ARCADE,
W8 BROADWAY,
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets.