THE THREE GREAT OPPOSITION SEN
ATORS.
SUMNER, TRUMBULL AND SCHURZ
OUR BURKE, FOX AND SHERIDAN.
Their Origin, Talents and
Motives.
WHAT THEY WAIST.
AneodotoM Illiixti'iitivo of
tlio Men.
Washington, Her. sa, 18TL
A sketch of the positive people iu congress and
out of it opposing General Grant's renominatton,
republicans cuiefly and many or them prominent
abolitionists In times past?before many leading
republicans of the present party dared to look into
the face of the slavery question at all?will satlsly
the lnqutsltiveness of u large number or your read
ers. The data appended are derived from per
sonal knowledge and reliable testimony.
WHO LEAP THE OPPOSITION TO GRANT.
The President's foremost adversaries belong to
three classes.
First, members of the senate who have appre
hended the tremendous advances of the Executive
oitlce upon that prouilucui body of the Legislature,
wheedling It. bribing it. or making It seem to see
t iat the country can better be run by concordance
at all times between the Executive and the Senute
than by any emulauen of opposition between the
beuaie, as a sympathetic body of the I-egislature,
and the Executive office us the light ami of
the Legislature; in short, those Independent
{senators, who do not like to see the
Senate made a branch of the Executive arm.
Next, the scholarly lolks, who appreciate dignity in
office, and many of whom control tlie reviews,
weekly, mouthly and quarterly; specialists, like the
sous of Churies Francis Adams, who bear down
upon particular evils aud hud them to be parts of
the general tyranny or the civil service; the old
fashioned student of history, like Groesbeek and
others, who at last recognize that commercial
politics and the Executive patronage are eating us
all up. Thus It happens that thai portion of liio
republican pany which lias attested its power to
outlive mere party popuiari y and political indigna
tion is universally arrayed against the President's
rencniinaiiou.. Grant is not the choice of uls own
supporters In the republican party, but
he will be renominated by political
gravity and the tremendous pressure of the
Executive putrouaae hi tlie rear. When we make a
new President ou mo present terms we presuppose
)us reuomiuailou tl tie works in harmony with the
Senate. Thus it happens that tne .Senate has come
to be by far the overawing body or the Legislature,
and people seldom inquire what this or that poten
tial representative says, lor his Senator leads the
way. As the public is now meditating upon me
few men?mainly Senators?in the opposition. 1 will
sketch them at once.
TV.IT M B I'LL RKPROPCCKO.
It is apnareut toeverybodv in Washington that
Lyman Trumbull lias gravitated to the head ol the
anil-Grant republican party. Tins place he has
taken bv political talent, by large, consistent and
prolonged political unity of purpose, by great dis
cretion extended over many years, and, at times,
rising to nearly a sublime Independence.
Trumbuil delers lo no man. President or Senator,
tu his propositions of government, and he Is never
so weak or so alfcctloua e as to no embraced in any
other person s platiorin. Uls posiions are his own,
and his dearest friends can not count upon litm
to come into their coalitions. It singularly appears
that even the glittering diadem or lue Presidency is
as cold an object or purpose to this curious charac
ter as the favor of his stale constituency or liie re
gard of the makers of opinion within the republican
ranks.
HIS LIFE.
Lyman Trnmbali burners upon sixty years ot age,
aud comes ol thai celebrated JTumbuli family tu
Connecticut which has given America In foreign
countries ihe name of Brotuer Jonathan?Jonathan
lielug Washington's genial appellation of Jonathan
Trumbull, Governor ol Connecticut In Kcvoluuonary
times. Trumbull left his home in the Nutmeg Male
very early In llle to go lo Georgia and teach school,
to make his own livlug. ltie Irninoulls had been
all persevering, speculating, Intellectual men. Let
any man read ti.e life ol Trumbull, the painter,
whose handiwork Is now a pari of the orna
mentation of the Capitol, and explore hLs
assiduous successes over John Haudulpu and
the censorious Southern critics of tnat day,
and see his patient, laborious pertinacity
lo collecting the portraits of many commonplace
people ol the Revolutionary time. In a larger sense
Lvtnan Trumbull has all tne power iu detail and in
generalities that the pal nun had. Connecticut men
have told me of the sieue tn his native town when
he resolved to go to' Georgia, an t the people
gathered around the stage coach to see the most
promising boy in that part or Connecticut quit his
kindred. Then, as now. he was tniu and cool, tall
and well-regulated, and he left nis native village
without outward tears, although regretted there as
the model boy of tne country. Perfectly self-con
centrated, without seiilshness. and yet wiihout ver
dancy, this spare rib of a youngster took his way lo
the distant fields or Georgia, and was a tutor there
for some time; and iu the portion of tne Slate
where ae resided his cool power and insensibility to
ccal or partisan passion is si Hi remembered. Being
cow a man well along in days.it is not reui in
hered mat tntrty-ouo years ago lie was a mem
ber ol tne Legislature ol the young Mate
oi Illinois, w.icre he emigrate j wuiic
mill a stripling. The next year be was
secretary of suite there, and lor five years, begin
ning in iS4s, tie was Justice o. the supreme Court
oi tne State. He wan elected to the lower House or
Congress, but before taking his seat he wa- chosen
to the Senate at Washington, and tnciciore he has
never had any term ol pro. anon in Hie lower House.
Ilia education has been chiefly judicial aud his pub
lic Ule Senatorial.
TRt MRCLL TO LOOK AT.
To look upon, at present, irumbuli Is tall, modc
ra'eiy Hun, well-regulated, respectably apparehed,
with a nigh forehead and in in lower face, dark
hair without a gray anaud in it, dark dresa. gold
spectacles, aud somewhat of the took of a doctor ol
divinity. He is a widower, with children grown up
to ine age of citizenship. Although a:u-ged in cer
tain circles to ne dispaeslouate, and some say "a
cohi-tu-aried man." he is known to nave been cue
?1 the most ldo.airous husuaud.i an I lathers within
the province of tne legislative government. It was
when lie took tne strong and curious stand of oppo
sition to Johnson's conviction under the terms of
impeachment thai his devoted mm died nnder the
eiiadow oi trie Capitol. Trumbnn loved his wire as
few men tn public lite regard those who
take their name. One or tne last acts
this wlie presumed to do?AN rn was as nnre
strained and as independent as himself?wan 'o
write a letier to tne newspapers, showing up the
base conduct ol a clergy man w ho at .emote I to give
himself wordly importance bv attacking ui- parL-b
loner and supporter, the fen a tor from il.htott. Mm.
'Jriuubuirs death was hEfeteucti b) the uncivil and
impious row over the impea< iitneui matter, and,
v.bti ail liie resentment ot tne atnicsmeu ot that
period, Truinbud has never made a s; eecn referring
to hla conduct at that time, although the repuolican
party now applauds him for toe no-iGon he assumed
ami the scene he apaied me country, of riotous parly
greed.
i-citator Trumbull is atiout alx feet high, nioder
crately thin aud Ins address is gentle, Without being
Impawn, ieiirunn, white ?hi pMttttiMlN is
eminently a reflective person and his conduct is
auided ny his thought. There is a great deal of
mean, nioordlna'.e IUe lit Washington, out Trum
t uii joins no coadtion and takes nobody's opinions.
Ins presutnpUon of patriotism appears to is.- that,
under the luruiaof modern development, many in
to Unite tlinn's ought to tat assumed by the
federal (state, anile the public conscience i
?nouid be made to know that the highest form of
national government is uisli.bntlve, aud that a
Mate well animated t.y love of country ia better
than a Mate supine at the leet of federal dlctatiou;
in snort, that our L Dion is a s rouges one tor hav
ing every (state, every county and every voter
moderately independent than lo see party spirit
temporarily directing everything by lores and
prescribing exactly what patriotism .-nouid bo In
every part ot the turn.
it is almost impossible in social intercourse to
know rr uubu.i as ne is. He doe- m>t antagonize
luni -sif with people; on tin- contrary, lie listens to
iceut, Vj'it nla reflective opacities waster his do
a >h?i i alive ones, and his t?e.-i friends sometimes
iHiiioni tuai with nla t?pe of lace aud lulu i he is
'pj'a, w jVor aims around Trumbull is to ex
i? dense of (Hock as when Ro)?ert
Niorria slappod George Washington the back and
Sum* h.iii '?oldleitow;" yet irumbuil won
diousiy desirous ot good fellowship. W hoevertia
?Leu bim on Capitol Bill, in ?he open^ square.
niu\inu croanet Willi his young odildreu.
plating oroaoel Willi liw young
Saucedhtm in New York. ruuNlu^^und suiong
1m thSaSS witn th. Hu^pubiuttosotn youug buy
out oi col.ege and permuted to see i Knd
sympathize wnii his man notion of]public;P>"f
Ills i old resolution never lo be on plo ye< to* P'1
use? w *11# he makes a part ol the l^rmaueu gov
eroment ol the ouintry. There Is no man. in P"
uc lite wno?e family discipline is so jf ?"l^lnutill(.an
gentle. Hla position ai present in the repuo.
party is mat of a mall who means toaiayt
not to had any new departures. He lews
the whole, his .e.siauve ,,,^1-11^.^ rem
reseniauve ol what the republican v crea
iiave been, and ne does not ?e*? JB 'm WKe urn
tures of circumstance wimm ih*t Ijw^f jom )1(J
uon.
points in TstTMBtn-L's urn. _ iia
"TtSfii S?UK?AS"S
man. Is n^er wdllM toj^m eleoled Abraham
Ess 1H=4E= r'as a
W^between* Trumbull and any other candidate1
cannot have choice. Let all my friends support lu
lie will <lo honor to Illinois*" ?n mi
Lincoln advocated irumbuil*? *S^varSor l-almS",
of theat "government of Chicago alter t??
tills he derives, unexpectedly, his moat {J"??*1?*
nnri manful heln irom Trumbull, who thinks tnat
the tederal government has no business to admiuia
ler clt*swithout direction irora Congress.
?i rumbuil is culled a cold man, and yet Washing
ton life Is lull of exejupnilcailoiuof htslmpids ve
r*ond<4 Tttke ilit* case ol ViuulO RfcMtt. wiiai is oancu
Iictc the lnlelfeclual School untied to destroy this
K both us an artist and as a family charucter. A
ii,,it dozen leuiales, like Mrs, Ames, Mrs. inpi in
coHu and that class, resented f>U? giving of a corn
mNc.n11her to make a statue or Mr. cm coin,
and cubed lier a little half-Dutch girl irom Wlscnus"1
and Kansas. Trumbull was a njiglibor on Capitol
lliil or tnuie heam, not particularly well juioruied
hIioul her but he resented the couledeiated dispo
sition to put her down, and oue night, of nts own
volition? appeared at ner fatuer'8 house aud gave
her uu support. He voted lor the appropriation to
her and w lien she was seut abroad, lamenting her
helplessness and youlh, he endeavored witu ali his
lorce to havo ucr lather get some government posi
tion so that tne girl's character could ue supported
l?y the lauiily contact aud she relieved irom leeding
her lather aud mother. Few persons know how
oiten i'nuuouU Is seen lu matters ol this sort, as a
generous advocate, aud in proportion to his advo
cacy or helpless ca-cs seems to be his opposition to
large, organized parly movemenls against ludivId
TBCMBn-C'S CIRCUMSTANCK8.
He has sold his house on Capitol Hill to Mr. w il
ium M. Evans, ol New York city, aud now occupies
verv plain and cheap quancM ui tnc second
oi n smnil three story brick house tn tne rear oi the
Kirkivotil Hotel. The cierk ol uls committee in Hie
.semue w "is nephew, and his companion la Urn
lod^tnffs is his soli, Doth lull grown young hien.
Truinuuil is by iar the duel personage m-w ui the
<5Pim e He is* the coolest aud best debater there,
iiHv'ns* in earnest aud yet never at fault, and lie
now stands iu line rarvon with Hie able men of tbe
Semite w ho Hew off from his suggestion in the uu
neuchmcut trial. Air. simmer tuiuks ingnly oi htiu.
?mil ail seem to acknowledge itiai he Is a man not to
be i u aside, either by passion, interest or ambition,
ami who will sit in the scat w hich he occupies and
drive his icaul towards what lie wishes, aud even 11
su Veiae power He in me way will not deviate iron.
1,oV,r Sect S, niuo? ol ~u.rf.pcct. he
will mlve over it. In snort. Trumbull is a jurist.
looking ivithin himsed lor motives, aud believing
iliai oj a hitfii grade ol public charaeier, oonsuiu*
enclcs may oe raised to a level with their staicsuitu,
?tid ihui this is easier aud nobior tnan to reduce
one's soil to ue a demagogue aud lead tne constitu
ency by uuworthy means.
CAUL SCH0K7..
The noblest adventurer In this country Is the
great Herman who o.itue to the senate upon tne
mr-.tortuues o. John U. .Henderson, Ttore never
wis a more gallant splrH in congress thai. Uender
Km, una he deliberately voted away
iiw fume while lu the prime of llle ramer tuuu
break Ills oath aud .-ease of responsibility before tne
country and posterity. Carl Hchurz did not treat
Henderson well, l here are things on record which
he had to say about mat victim of purty ru^e,
wnich. ior bcliurz'a Iame. lt is to be hoped, aio uow
'".iehurz is a man to be treated and considered ai
to^einer under his intellectual aspects. While a
gentle considerate aud reliable lather and hu?
b tnd he is m great part a seU'sti man, llvlug upon
I his talents, and allhougn lie lias neon all his days
Id e nil nod wit h democrats and republicans of all
nations, he is lu heart and lu teeling un arislocraL
lie is in short, oue oi Hie very ocst types ol modern
Ccrnans, mnd of tne ribbon in the buttonhole, a
nuvoied student, aua taking to revoluuon as the
mora legitimate lorui of intellectual dominion.
The element of resistance is powerful lu
r i,11 a uuimstrauona, dynasties, aud, lit fact, *h?
j whole planeot political life he considers as ohitffy
Lie to make line dramaUc points uponilmm.
I since Albt-ri Gatluiin we have never had any niau
in \merica. born abroad, who dlsiiuguisued luni
2if M *eiU^ Although represeuiing Missouri,
Schniz 13 iu deep sympathy with the Eastern Stales,
?mi nip r Iiiodes ot tuought and processes of liie.
He earfy apprehended ihe scholarship aud loity dis
..fI'harifK Humuer. and cast, hunsejf tone
nimricud. These two men nave had a mutual ln
hiieuce upon each other, hchurz has made e>umner,
ior tne hrst time lu his llie, a revolutionist against
iSfrWBoverornent, while Nchurz derives his mam
nfJimcuon in toe seuate from Sumner's supporu
At one u ue Drake, aud the strict party folks, meant
to imve read HcUurz out of the republican caucus,
tn Whichcue he would have beeu thrown back
cnce lintU A?
r3saiss. xrssr>jst
now tne liveliest ions in the senate.
s. iuir/ is ouly forty-two years old?one of the
vounuest (Senators, lie is in the prime oi vigorous
Flie very tall, broad-shoutdcred, spare and graceful,
inn he mav be likened in appearance to a due slag.
e lives hke a gentleman, urmks a botue of good
wme a t his dinner, sees well to nts apparel, dressing
ior the most part in Hue Engl.sii browns, roans or
blues, aud he wears gbhf ^ecia^es.
i vear. His wlie u probably oue oi the very huest
urici'imeiis of German women In America, the
dni hler il Is satJ. of a Hamburg banker; snc met
Kclmrz in tho oily of Loudon wheu ho was a poor
exile incre llvlug upou remittances irom home aud
from correspondence from tils peu to Uonnan jour
ii us and site sympathized wuh him aud lovi.d hnn.
?i'm Hchurz is a dark-uaired. dark-eyedI woman of
i.ciiitnul llgure ami a tuud and delightful expres
HK?n ol coiiuieuauce. bchurz and herself are very
luucn iu love with each other audtuey koep
..I.', 0r company in Washington. Hotti ol thtin
t earnest and strong In their attachment to
German manners and the Uciman conutrj.
Mri isiiiurz appreciates the fact mat our republic
'iiiitrtlts tier tue i>??i (liauce for a higu
cireer but she and he prefer to give their children
a gi vmau eancaiiou. aud they like to be well on
sklered and reiuci.ib rcl by the North German
statesmen" W neu sehurz ran ior the Senate against
S and lieu Loan, old baron Gerolt, the
?rusilan Minister, ai.peare.l for the only tune in tils
I lie Lu newspaper row, sanguine to get points in
onus friend. Scliurz is on good terms with
Msmsrck; and l.ts enemies here lave alleged mat
nA t.ana to return to Germany and take part in
Jmn government; on the otnor hand lie has re- i
afv imdVwItii emphasis, mat tills Is Ills couu
i.y, and that nts whoie future la comprised iu j
America.
SCBCR7.'s FOWER AKAI.TZKt).
In considering Sctiurz it I* never to he forgotten
ilut tie Li a mun of great boldness of character,
bucked by toe nnest talents. He is not without
humor, but it is of the grim, severe sort, chiefly
exercised iu satire. He belongs to the class of
hcrul er'a young Herman patriots, versed both in
me book and the foil, soldiers and scholars at once;
end aitDough he did not distinguish himself in
our late war, there was no man In it of more ambi
tion and personal valor. As an orator be belongs
to me grave, eplgraraattc, finely-cut scnool, his
br iIn directing the charge and his heart kept well
lu reserve, liis tace, whicn Is long In the hose and
jaw. ami rather Meplilstopntleaa wnen hrst looked
at, grows alter a lime to be a rather soit, gen
tie and interesting face; his hair Is of a brownish
au >uru, Ins beard is also brown and his eyes
aro a strong ifraj. He composes with facility.
Is a constant reader, and yet none of the wrinkles
of the student appear in uN lace, which Is of a tine,
healthy color, somewhat inclined at times to be
saiiow. hue open-hearted aud boyish at Ins house
wi n those he like*, at the senate he Is lorinal and
win seldom go the aoor to see anybodr, but hits
visitors invited to the Senate parlor, where he pre
sently appears. He hus nothing to do with Jobs or
oihce getting, ana subsists solely upon his pride of
conscious talent. It lias been thought ihut iu many
respects, Hcnurz Is the counterpart of Hntniet,
Siiakspeare's creation, saving the melancholy,
w hico he compensates for by a certain gnmuess.
HlliLRZS LIS K.
The life sf thi* man in any country bat ours would
have been considered versatile and adventurous,
lie was well educated at Cologne ami Bonn, und
became an editor prior to the revolution of IMS.
w inch made hun popular in Uerraanv and forced
him luto the besieged town of Kastadt. Wbeu the
Herman republic broke op he became a roingee In
btvitzeriand, Paris and London, whence he wrote
for the newspapers at home, and laugnt languages,
Ac., lu the private schools, only nineteen years
ago he caine to America, satisfled that the large
Herman population here would be willing to appre
ciate him, und allured also by the courteous char
h icr ol our laws, which permitted easy naturultza
tlou aud even high distinction tu Hie guVcruiiienl.
He had married well iu London, aud while very
poor. The Hermans In this country knew
turn Instantly; lor thousands had fled Iroin their
1'atherlaud on the fatiurc of the Revolution, ami
tuey were well Informed ou the points of Scour/.'*
llle; how he had, ai the peril of Ins neck, ingru
nated himself into a fortress cear Berlin, with the
ronuiiils-iiulioti of getting out his old college ptm
r< sor and chum, art 1 all knew luui he had suc
ceeded in his ta?k und crossed the Noun Sea to
m 'Aland with a price on his head. Hclturr. figured
as un opponent 01 siavery among the Hermans, and
Le was hi.tr lavoriie stump speaker. In rteferenco to
lUe U'-rm irj v p.- Mr. 1-lUvOUi tu (lid, nu'y ume yean
after his arrival in this country, sent htm M Minis
ter to Bpain. After long exposure tit the war,
where ioruine was against him, Mchura tamed up in
Washington at its close as merely aconespoadent,
and he was probably the finest specimen of that
genus ever sent here, not in performance but in
general graces. From that vocation can pronably
be traced Ins present altitude in politics?indepen
dent all the time. From Washington he went to
Detroit to edit an Kngush psper there; bnt Detroit
being a conservative, dull city, he tailed. Tnen he
weul to St. Louis and took a German paper; and the
Germans of M. Loula having been electrified by the
Blairs, Gratz Brown and others, so as to be aware
ot their importance m politics, resolved to have one
01 their number in the Senate, and they took up
schurs.
scnritz ix prsat*.
Scnurz. has no equal in the senate In dtreot,
poiuted attack, skiltui auu grace.ui voticnieiice and
rare scholarship, which seeui* to bo as perfect tn
our history as in that or Germany or Krauoe. No
body dare meet mm In debate; for all feel that he
hAs reservations o( cruel lorce, which to tempt would
not be ugreo.iiile. He Is, however, a man or cold
tempernmeuk respectable rather than hearty, and
he always finds his chiel admirers to be men of his
own class?those who adore laculty, knowledge and
chivalry, fichurz despises the administration. It
is honest coutempu-tiiat or a scholar for a fort ui.
tous oitlcial creation, The processes of Bchura's
mind are logical, sequential and endorsed by the
highest advices, wuiie the President guesxos
around, showing the usual luck of a genuine Amer
ican, who does not seem to require to be wise In
order to be successful.
CUA.RI.kS Sl'MNKR DKPKTRD.
Nearly sixty one years old, Charles Buraner Is the
representative scholar of the beoate. lie has made
alt hia points in life by scholarship, iie began by
being one of the finest students at Har
vard and at the Cambridge Law be boot. Then
he travelled abroad on erraud9 of scholarship. Af
terwards he was reporter lor the Untied i$taie
Circuit Court m the Boston circuit. Then he
was a lecturer at the Cainuridge Law School, and
afterward* edited a law puoiicatToa and utauy legal
works. At the ago ot torty ue came to the Seuaie,
sent mero by the scholars and students or Massa
chusetts, who demanded that one ot tuemselves
should be recognized. In many respects be is one
01 the ablest men wno have sat in the Senate, and
in other respects be is a specific creation of books.
SL'MNKK TO LOOK AT.
Look at Sumucr, and you will apprehend htm at
a giunce. In the first place sue Ills col. ssal body
six lcet three tuches high, weighing, at ordinary
tunes, '.*08 pounds, and measuring around the chest
torty tuches. and arouud tne bead twentT
three. The man's name shows that he la ot legal
descent, it meaning a summouer?that sort of an
oiilcer which in old baxon days cited delinquents to
the Ecclesiastical Courts, and Is tuus reierred to in
Chancer:?
And loumunour was tber with us In that plane.
That haide a lire-red, cberulilnnes faoe;
For sausetlemn he was wlih Iron emu narwe.
As bote be was like rouse as a spar we,
With (railed Crowes, blake and phled herd,
Of his Tissue children were eore aferd.
In tne "Coventry Mysteries" one Somncr is told?
In liaste to wend bis wajr,
Ami bid Joseph an 1 Ills wife
To appear at court this day 1
Cliurles Suiuner is ot pure English doseeut. Ills
fattier was bhert.T of Boston. Although he dislikes
Gram very much, yet they resemble each otner,
bom being imperious spirits, unwilling to admit
anybody 10 tonus of equality with themselves un
less there are certain points of detereuce admitted.
Grant was originally a democrat ol a very shallow
and narrow school, and be got to dislike
Miuincr under the currcut name of funa>ie.
The President, In those days, probably looked
at no question with a thinking muni, ami ten imo
the general current ol cousert alive lee'lug, waicll
was mat every abolitionist must necessarily be
some sort of a convict. The President nas grown
lnio ilie apprehension of freedom lute a pum-itu,
and as such Minnie, despises mm.
SCMNKK AS A KltlKND.
Sumner is a very dltl'ercui man. in tact, from
what Ue is supposed to be in Massachusetts. In the
first place he Is a voluptuary. He lines a good
dinner, varied in its courses, washed UoWu witti
good wines and cheered up by gemlo company
around ilie board. Next, be is a social character in
the luliest seu.se. ills heart warms up to youug
company wno can appreciate tiiiu. aim la whose
laughter and sallies lie becomes young again. To
tbose persons wiiom he honors wuii fits con
fidence lie is the sincerest friend, rea ly to go miles
out of li s way any time to belriend them,
lie is not like Scliurz, merely an intellectual
person, out a warm, xiudly and impulsive man,
who will write u letter to a newspaper reporter,
praisiug something that nas struck turn, or stand up
in the lace ol powerful executive patronage, even
although his beloved State of Massachusetts re
buke lam lor nls temerity. Oa the other hand, he
is un ungenerous enemy, according little or nothing
to tne advetsary, aud it he nsd be m a soldier he
would have taken no prisoners on the field, lie is a
shaggy, leonine sort of a man to look at, dressing
generally in grayish English clothes; and while ue
is a consiltutiuual luwyer of very High character,
lus notion of government is the reverse ui constitu
tional, and Is bused upon his temporary allectioa or
repulsion. Mental boldness ho lias to the highest
extent, aud ue toves true men and nates sualiow
ones, iie is just now engaged In pushing what he
calls the .supplementary civil Itiguts bill?a bill re
pulsive to iuosl ol lis, aud yei. on the tvnoie, a proper
sort of bill, if we took ut it on tne groundwork or
rights only. This bid provides luat iioteis, schools,
errs, Ac., suall exercise no di-ciimuiaiions in tuo
matter of accuiuniodaUoDsJ We have not yet ensue
to that stage wuca wo 0411 rid ourselves of all our
prejudices in the matter; out that some general Ion
will come to this stage aud applaud bnmner icr his
boldness in Hie proposition mere can bo no douot.
HIS UAKHIAliK A.VP CAKE til.
Mr. Bnmner never married until late in life?too
late, perhaps, to understand tiiut in married mat
ters there can be no one will, but two together must
direct. Ue did, however, marry a lady who solic
ited lum, and who was the suitor and the courtier.
There was no fonder or prouder wife in Washing
ton. When the causes of tne separation whicn en
sued come to be known they will be
found to do no large discredit to the Sen
ator lroin Massachusetts, who enjoys to this day
the fullest confidence and affection ol his wile's con
nections, and his beautuul house in W'asnington
was presented to hun by the latner In-law ol his
wile?lion, bamuel Hooper, the member from Bos
ton. Mrs. Buuiner'a first husband was Hooper's
son.
What a varied career has this man lived Once
Iterated by that old incarnation of affectation,
Jatues M. Mason, as not a gentleman, and yet, to
day. one 01 the idols of tdo southern people, whom
lie icscmbles very mucD in pride of character, vun
eratlou aud houor! Then see him, struck down in the
Beuate lor someone of those tremendous personal
ities in which he is uever deficient, and yet, to-day,
as highly regarded in south Coroliua as Calhoun
himself 1 Again, see him move on General Btoue
and other folks of the war with the
furious ardor of a public defender upon
ttio mere soldier, and yet, on the other
hand, observe with what scrupulous devotion he
supports every approved institution or the countrr,
the army and the uavy, the diplomatic service aud
the coast survey, and whatever becomes us. Again,
sec tins man nourishing the party Whip during the
luipeacinueot trial, telling Mr. Trumbull that he
had made bis bed anu must lie In it." and voting
guiiivouull the articles; aud yet, observe him to
day 111 heartv adlllatlou with the independent
spirit* ol Hie benatc, and perhaps Hie most terrible
opponent of purtv government that exists in the
country. These tilings, alter all, teach us mat Mr.
Simmer Is a tine Incarnation of nuolc selfishness
and resilve independence; tuat he believes in Hie
l olled States and himself, and nothing between.
Those of 11s who understand human nature sufficient
ly to upprcciu.e this flue character of man will be
Borry when the day comes that lie withdraws him
self irom public lite and moulders in the mighty
fabric of the country which lie has helped to dig
nify an l elevate.
NEW YORK CITY.
y, _
The Comptroller yesterday succeeded in raisin*
flu,ww wherewith to pajr oil the streel cleaners.
The boiler used In t'ho YorkvlUe Court House yes*
terday sprung a leas, ami necessitated ttie ad
journment ot both the civil aud criminal courts
until to-uay, wben ibe work ot repairing will Uuve
been perlected.
Professor Rood, of Columbia College, will lecture
Una evening, at tbe Academy of Music, on a topic
of very general Interest, namely "sound tne Voice
and tbe Ear," and will illustrate bis subject by
magnificent experiments, sucb us bavc never been
seen beiofc by a large audience.
On tne night, of tbe 4th tnat. Eugene M alloy, of s?
Monroe street, and John R. Baker occupied a room
together. Malloy charges that during the night
Baker got up. took $Sl in money from Ills pants'
pocket and left tbe place. He was arrested by
udicer Barry, of the Fifteenth precinct, and yester
day upon being arraigned at Jefferson Mantel was
luliy commuted lor trial.
Coroner Young was yesterday called to bold an
Inquest on toe body of John Dillon, fifty vears of
age, and born in Irelaud, who died In Bedevue
Hospital from the effeets of Injuries rccelveu seven
weeks ago bv being kicked by a horse at the depot
of the Bleecker Mrect Kail road Company. Deceased
lived at lih Tenth avenue, wtiliher tae remains were
removed.
After an absence of two years Judge Thomas A.
l/edwitti made bis reappearance at Jefferson Market
Court yesterday. Judge biiandley, wbo formerly
sat at Jefferson Market, came to Essex Market,
wiieru be will dispense justice for the future. The
subject has been mooted ever since lasi election,
ami was ueclucd upon last, baiurd.tv. As eacli of
tlieui will noirbe 111 the district in ivuich they reside
tbe cbauge is mutually satisfactory.
The Board of Eire Commissioners held their
regular weekly meeting yesterday afternoon, the
President, Mr. Illtcbmun, in the chair. A number
of coinplaluU were received against certain firemen
Wbo bad violated the ruler.. They were all disposed
ot In the usual Way. beverai gentlemen belonging
to the Boston Eire Depart in -tit paid u visir during
tin* nay at tbe headquarter* uud were snowu
through 1 lie building. The Board went into execu
tive session sboriiy nfier tiansae..lug the usual
routliio business of unerring it number of com
uiumcattou* to tuo auprounatu oui mi to
POLffiCil ?OVEM28T8 ADD VIEWS.
The New City charter m4 b Republican
Otiim'i Vlewi Tbrreon.
[From tfcg Albany Journal (republican), !>eo. 36.)
The work Is clearly Uie result of careful study and
of honest purposes. it baa evutonuy been framed
wftn a sincere eflbrt to provide the best and most
efficient administration. No ulterior design or un
worthy object appears upon its face. II men differ
as to Uie practical working of some of its features
they will at least oonenr la awarding its framers tue
full credit or honest endeavor. Thta sincerity 01
purpose appears In the entire absence of anr provi
sions designed in the interest of a particular party.
The object has been to aecuro the best popular gov
ernment without leiorence to party advantage?an
object dominating the whole iramework and worthy
of all aoproval. Indeed, this design has Induced
the committee to adopt the principle of minority
representation, more properly called complete
representation, which is based upon the Idea of
giving every party an influence just proportionate
to Its strength. No provision appears which gives
the slightest color to any imputation or political
blaa The government as hero arranged is not one
having lis centre in Albany, not one completely un
der the control of any single party, but a local gov
ernment of the whole people, with a majority still
having the greater power and the minority having
a voice commensurate with their numbers.
A New (England ".Hunger" Journal on the
Washington Treaty.
[From the Boston Advertiser (Sumner republican),
Dec. 27.)
Clearly defined as these duties have
been again and again, and especially by English
writers and statesmen alter the breaking out of the
war of 1870 between France and Oermany, It seems
Incredible that an effort will be seriously made to
reconcile the conduct of the British government
toward the rebel cruisers, one and all of them, with
those international obligations to which ureat
Britain has of late professed a more than religious
fidelity. If this view of the case were to be in
sisted upon, against wrongs like those which the
United States suffered, and sustained by the
tribunal as quite consistent with the duties
wntch one nation owes to another, it might welt be
said that the rules or the Treaty of Washington can
have blue effective force, and that there win be
Utile inducement lor nations in future to adopt the
peace,ut met nod of arbitration for the settlement of
their differences. If Ueorgtas, Alabama*, Florldas
and Snenanuoahs may go out from neutral
ports ana prey upon the commerce of lnemliy na
tions, without violation of international duty; and
If it r>e no offence to recruit men lor them, ana sup
ply them with arms and provisions irom neutral
soli, certainly the United States, with her extended
frontier on both oceans, has more interest than any
other maritime Power in recognizing that lact.
The Alleged Indian Pension Frauds?Letter
front Senator Iliirlmi, ot Iowa.
(From ttie Burlington (Iowa) Hawkevo. Dec. 44.]
SENATOR HARLAN'S LKTltlt.
Washington, D. Dec. 18, 1S71.
General J. A. Williamson, Des Monies, Iowa:?
Dkar Sir?in rererence to my connectlou with
the payment ol Indiaa pensions the material
facts were these:?In the spring of 1806 uiy utten
turn was called to claims hied by attorneys, cluetty
i by a man uumed John W. Wright, lor Indian claim
ants for pensions. When I entered tue department
I found him with others as recognised attorners
in the tiliferent departments lor suen ch
eats as chose to employ him. I knew of
no suitlcicut reason lor debarring him or re
.luslng to consider claims merely because people
chose to trust him with tneir business. 1 was in
loruicd by tue pension clerks thai tue evidence pro
duced in favor ol many of these Indians seemed to
be conclusive, and tnat It was sustained b, the
records oi the War Department. It the business bad
proceeded in the usual mode those sustained by tins
proul, in tue absence or rebutting evidence, wouid
have been allowed, tne names would have been en
rolled and the pension certlticates Issued as a matter
ol course. But, distrusting t he reliabuny ol evidence
lakou ex parte Ui the Indian country ami the pro
priety of issutug certlticates to Indians to be col
lected by attorneys, fearlug that tUe tumts might
not reach the Indians, 1 determined to have these
cases re-examined on the ground, in the presence of
an officer of tne department, and, where louud valid,
payment made to the Indians in person. Hence, 1
ordered tneir names to be enrolled temporarily and
I appointed Hon, Goorge 0. Whiting Special I'eu
sion Agent for For' Gibson, and sent mm out to per
forin this service, instructing him to see the Indians,
examine each case, take down tne sunstanoe oi tne
new evidence in writing, pay those who were
round to be legally entitled, take their receipts in
in due form, aud report those not louud entitled to
pensions under tne law, to be stricken from the
rolls, lie gave bond aud securiiy us any other pen
sion agent, drew the amount ot money deemed ne
cessary oy tUe Commissioner to pay them, and pro
ceeded to mc ludlau country, lie started some
time about April or May, aad before he made
his report 1 had retired from the depart
ment. tins is the whoie case, so lar us 1 had unv
connection with It. Here my oincial action ended.
made an honest effort to guard tne rignts of
the Indians and at the samo time the Treasury of
the United Ntates. The man I sent was at the time
principal appeal pension clerk lu the Secretary'*
office, had served some years as Commissioner of
Pensions, as cbiei clerk oi tue department, and as
Acting Secretary of tue Interior. His capacity and
lauihiarity with the pension laws and modes or
proof were undoubted, and bis Integrity tins not
oeen questioned. But suppose W tilling ?hud been a
rogue and participated lairauds, tie and his bouds
men would be responsible, aud not tne Secretary.
His accounts, however, have been adjusted by
tue proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department, and not one voucher has been ttirown
out for illegality or Insufficiency or proof. His re
fort wfa4 taadd January 15, 1867, lour moutns alter
had resigned. But 1 have examined it on the
mcs, and his account stands thus:?He is charged
with requisition $75,000, the aiuoii.-u supposed to
be necessary to pay the honest claimants, ami $4>0,
lound by bltn in the hands of his predecessor, mak
ing in all $75,480. He Is credited in his report
with something over $64,000, returned to mo
Treasury?a littlo less tliau $.'>,0?o, paid out to
pensioners, including $500 or $400 commission.
Anu all or this has been approved by the Audi
tor and Comptroller as legal and correct ex
cept $1,049, suspeuded 4,lor luforinalliy," want of
proof oi "muster In as officer," or someuiing oi that
sort. But these slanderers say Judge Wngiu has
been arrested for trauu connected witu this matter,
lie says In a published card that he has not oueu.
But suppose he bus been, aud suppose he is guilty,
how does that affect me r 1 did not put uuy money
Into his hands nor irust to the sufficiency ot ins evi
dence. Pr?vo him guilty and you justify ray cau
tion in not trusting mm with mouey or-pension cer
tlticates, and in not relying on the evidence Lied by
him. Because I exercised this caution in cases
presented by a man who they say Is a scamp, and
reiused to trust either him or his work, J am de
nounced lor his supposed crimes. Tours, truly.
JAMKS 11 AULAS".
General J. A. Williamson, Des Moiues, lowa.
THE llt.FGRH DEWHKUY.
Activity of the Apollo Hull |??rty? Heavy
Lnroluieut of Voter* in tltu Various A-seui
bly District*.
The Apollo Uall democracy are now engaged In
enrolling the names or all the legal voters or the
city with a view of securing, if possible, more
purity at future elections, and ascertaining their
probable strength. They invite all voters, Irrespec
tive of party, to enroll their names, and, to lacili
tate tne work, twenty-one Supervisors of election'
have been appointed In each Assembly dis
trict and books opened under their supervision
at some central potnt In each district. The
enrolmcut commenced on Tuesday, and the books
will be open from ten A. M. until ten P. M. dally
until Saturday next. In these books the names of
all who preseut themselves are entered alpha
betically, with the residence ana occupation of the
voter, who, however, is not pledged to vote for any
particular party. Kach name Is numbered. To
secure fairness at the primaries, where heretofore
there have been such grave abuses and irauds, such
voter, on recording ins name, is supplied with a
tn ket numbered to correspond to that opposite his
name on the roll. This ticker, u his passport to
the primary elections, uad without it he cannot
vote or participate In anv manner in the organiza
tion oi the partv. When the enrolment shall have
beeu completed a general canvass of the respective
districts will be made, and all non-voters whose
names have been entered on the roll will be stricken
off.
The next atep to be taken, after the completion of
tho enrolment, will be to call a meeting of all
whoso names are recorded, wlib tne view of per
fecting an Assembly Democratic Ileiorm Asset anon
In each district. These organizations once enectcd
primary elecilops will be held to elect three de'e
f ates from each election diatrloi, wno snail form
he General committee for tue onsnlug yesr. This
General committee will have the direction of t no
organization as a whole. The committee, lu their
address, declare:?
Tli* necessity 'or this action Is apparent to every demo
crat. Th?? hare H now In their power to bulla up an organi
sation which ataall revive the tradition* of (be Uernucraua
partv and relieve It from the odium which unwnrthv trailers
have so long oaat upon It. and the committee fee. con olent
that none who are In tavor of thla being oono, will tali to
lend their aid by coming forward to enroll their uaiuee in
tuelr respective Assembly districts.
During the pant two days the work of enrolment
has been progressing and lu many of trie oNHeiuoly
districts hundreds of republican* have had tneir
name* placed upon the roils, in some dtstrtow tho
enrolment has been light, owing to the neglect ol
the committee to glvo sufficient puhiiciiy to the
enrolling places. Tun German reformers have a
separate organization throughout the city, but
many ol tlmm are enrolling under the banner of I ho
Apollo Hall democracy, and it is conUdenUy ex
pected that eventually these two poweriui organiza
tion* will he consolidated uoon sonio generally
accepted tnaUoiuw
TROTTING.
Mwtlm of the National Association for Che
Promotion or the Interest* of the American
Trouinc Tarf.
A special meeting or the Board of Appeals wm
held yesterday at the Everett House, liuiou square,
commencing at teu o'clock in the morning uud con
tinuing until a late hour in the night.
About thirty protests and appeals were laid be
fore tue Board, a dozen or more of which were con
sidered and persons and papers examined, de
cisions in all cases being reserved until all the cases
presented shall tie fairly investigated.
Among the uuiuher of cases before the Board yes
terday afternoon was a resolution lrom the
Prospect Park Assoctatioa asking for an opinion
on the subject of conditional entries to purses. It
appears from me resolution offered tnat drivers
hnve been allowed by several associations through
oat the oousury to enter horses, with the under
standing that If tbej did not wish to start their horses
In the race lor which they have been entered they
would not be compelled to pay entrance money.
The proprietors of Prospect Park, having been ap
proached by some drivers last fall asking lor like
privileges, called a meeting and passed the reso
lution which was submitted to the Board last even
ing, asking that body to euact a rule properly Uehu
ing the duties of associations in regard to entries
lor parses, and to enact punishments for violations,
should uuy Uerealter occur.
Another case laid beiore the Board was a protest
against Kingston and mate wluiung the last race
they had with Honest Allen and ruuntug mate at
Prospect Park Fair Grouuda. J. u. Martin drove
Kingston aud mate In tnis lace, and as Mr. Ulartln
had been ruled off the Fleetwood Park course a year
previously and had not been reinstated by the Board,
it is urged that he could uot win any race uuder the
circumstances. Testimony was exhausted aud
con., wuen me affair wan laid aside lor luture
decision. The cause of Mr. Martin's being ruled off
the Fleetwood Park, it wtu be reinemuerod, was lor
uot suffering his noise Johnny neb to be driven by
auotner person, wueu me judges suspected air.
Martin, me driver, of throwing the race. Alter
MiuUu lost Hie race me judges uuclared all bets off
auu ruleu Martin off tue track, lie trotted his
horses, Kingston ana mute, against Honest Allen
aud mate at Fleetwood, aud men at prospect Park
lair i.miauls lost la.l, out George Carpenter drove
tue iirsl race uud 'lorn Carpenter the second, una
noimug was said uiioui mm or ms horses. Tne
third race the teams trotted air. Martin lorgot him
seli auu uis expulsion and drove the race, giviug
his opponents mi the advantage they wanted, mat
beiug tue supposition that tuey uiiaht win and
couiu not lose, ine case was minutely investigated
by iuo Beard aud tue case laid aside lor judgment,
fuc next case was mat 01 'lunulas P. Wallace's
appeal iruui tue uecisiou oi ibe juuges ol the race at
1'iect wood Park, vvnen ms horse J as. u. Coiouiau
won a heat, wn.cti was supsenueaily declared no
heat by two ol me judges. The facts of tue case
were those:?On the horses beiug called for tue
second ucut ol the race, there beiug nearly u dozen
in it, nicy scurea tiutii ihc pa>ieiiceol Uie judges
was nearly exhausted, t tie bell being pulled ueariy
all the time lor tne horses 10 go puck aud get in
uuc. At length tue l'tesidcut 01 the uss..ciaiuii,
Mr. Vuu couruaud, the starter, seeing idem as close
together as Ue thought it possible to got tuem, gave
Uic word "go," aud away they went in a straggling
uiuuuer. A lew moments afterwards nanus fali
uiau, tue superintendent 01 the course, cuiied to
Harry liaier, oue ol the Judges, to ring the
bell uud call the horses buck. Mr. Van
Courtlaud insisted that there could be uo re
call aud foroaue Hitler to ring the boll.
Hater, however, commenced ringing, and Mr. Van
Couruaud luit the stand in disgust. When the
drivers ol tne Horses heard tue ban toiling some of
taem began >o pull up, aliuough the majority of
them were well on to the quarter pole. They all
liuuliy stopped, with tue exception of James If.
Coiemau uud Charley croon/who had a head and
head contest all tue way aruun<i and up to within n
lew Icugths 01 itiu ilntsn, wuen Clutney Ureeu moke
up aud James 11. Culcmau wen the lieat. Hurry
Hater aud General Dunham, me two judges re
maining oil tne stand alter Mr. Van Courtlaud had
retired, declared "no ueai." Mr. Wallace then sent
his horse to tue stable aud the race went on without
him. due above are tbelacts on wni h Mr. Wallace
bases his appeal, aud wnal the Hoard will do in the
matter remains to be seeii.
J. 11. Mama put ia an appeal to lie reinstated on
the track, be.ievmg, us he asserts, that the ruling
ol hint elf that truck wus ratuer too great a pumsn
uient lor so slight au offence as "chucking" a race.
Evidence was taken on botn sides.
Budd noble tippaeu by oouusel to have his case
wim the Trenton Association reopened. It ajipears
mat budd euieicd the buy gelding Hotspur in a
purse at Trenton, and, the weather proving unfa
vorable, llie race was postponed until me next lair
day; but, lor some reasons or oilier, the managers
cuiiclu led to lurtUer postpone the race until a
given day. Tue first lair day came aud
Uudu was ready to trot, bat ?<c was toid tiint
the day nail been changed, lie hud uu engagement
m Boston 01 greater moment and could not wan. so
he demanded his entrance uionev back. This was
refused, and he uow asks the Hoard or Appeals to
make tue Trenton geuiieuiau disgorge. Laid ovt-r
lor decision.
Waldo T. rierce entered a protest against the
mare Butterbail lor troiuug in a race wnere she
had no business, aud gave proof of the mare having
trotted two races -away down East" wnere the
time nad been suppressed. Evideuce taken auu
decision reserved.
W. Frazer appealed from tne decision or the
association at Kalamazoo, claiming that tiieir
ruling was wrong in ms case. Evidence ull taken,
and case laid aside lor final decision,
John Murphy protested against the chestnnt geld
ing Major alien (lute Locust) tor starting In a race
at .spuitgiicid, when he bad been trained and fed in
the same stable un to the uay ol race wan the black
stallion Thomas Jefferson, who started 111 the same
race. Evidence alt taken and laid aside for consider
ation.
The Board of Appeals will probably get through
all me cases to-dav, aud may possibly render deci
sions in the wnole u( them beiore tncy adjourn this
evening.
Tim Hoard is now composed of Colonel Sprague,
of Narragansett; Mr. Vail, of Hart lord; Mr. Bar
nard, 01 Troy, ana Colonel Hall, ol Brooklyn.
betters were received last night from Mr. K. C.
Barker, of Detroit, and Mr. Hunum, of Buitalo, each
promising to be at the meeting to-day.
snOILM SLlCiDE I\ PIllRSin,
Constable Monks, of Paterson, went yesterday
morning to serve an attachment ou the furniture of
Charles P. burroughs, the keeper of a disreputable
liou: c lu Franklin street, in dclault of burroughs'
paying the rent due. The agent had called several
times latelv. nut having altrays found tho doors
closed could gut no satisfaction, uuu resorted to an
attachment.
Constable Monks arriving at the place yesterday
morning brokeopeg the doors until he reached the
rooiB fiWupTed by' Burroughs. 1 hat individual sat,
yv ra'her rocdued, 011 two chairs lu tne centre of
the room, with a blanket pnlied over bis face, and
apparently asleep. The oOlcer removed the blanket
and was about to shake him to serve the warrant,
when, to uls consternation, he saw that the man was
duad.
It is needless to say that the frightened constable
did not remain long, but tan tor Br. Qulu, tne Coro
ner, who soon arrived. It was found that bur
roughs' death was a rims! unusually deliberate sul
chic, having Bwaliowea a mixture of laudanum and
arsenic uu<T coolly laid hknself down to die. .*01110
remains ot tue poison were found In a bottle near
by.
in Burroughs' pocket was found a nolo, stating
thai the act was commuted on the 10th of Decem
ber, yet the body na-l froam stiff ami there were as
yet no signs of ueoonip?sition. The note stated
that the reason of the sutade was because a woman
named Lydia tlarrabrant who had outdated as his
housekeeper, had leit tun, and he had no oue to
take care or his place, and was alone in tne world.
Coroner guin deemed no inquest necessary, us tue
circumstances were very Uain.
burroughs was a miseraae man and spent a ne
farious existence, the noise bearing a most disre
putable name, it was nee that John canty mur
dered Eugene Taylor sone months since. (Canty
has never been capturec) Burroughs' wife was
sent to the State Prison soue time since lor keeping
a disorderly house in anotier part of the city, it is
probauie that no one will nourn the dead man. ex
cepting the landlord, whon death has robbed 01 a
mouth or so's rent.
PERSON*, NOTES.
Secretary Robeson has ctarned to Washington.
Mr. William G. Kennedy has assumed the editorial
conduct of the Sumter (S. Xew.%.
Harris, the editor of the Savannah Hominy y<nct,
was at one time counectedwltn a circus.
John C. Calhoun's pianatlon In South Carolina
has been bought by a wealhj colored mun.
J. W. Whitehead annouces that he will com
mence about the middle of lanuarv the publication
of a naner In Greenville, All, eutltled tne /uUci't na
t)U Thinker.
Governor Geary, of Pcnnylvanla, has appointed
Adam O. Iteinoehl. cx-Munbcr of ihc Douse of
Representative* front Canaster county, as Deputy
Secretuiy of the Cotnmontealth, vlec James M.
Wcmicy, who resigns to ilk? his soul m tho state
Senate.
Commander W. N. Allen, .Icutcnant Commander
Win.am il. W lilting and Irst Assistant Engineer
James L- Vanclain, have ben detached Iroin tuo
Swutaru and placed?the ft-nt on waiting orders,
tho second ou sic* leave ad the third ou walling
orders.
There Is no truth In the ultemonf. thai Assistant
Attorney General Hristow .ihibls upon the accept
nnco of his resignation. It t true that his resigna
tion was tendered at the stae tunc mat Attorns/
General a Herman resigned,pit lie withdrew tt at
the request 01 tuo President.
SIR mil BIKER.
Latest Reports of Starvation, Mutiny
and Shooting of Sir Samuel.
IS THE EXPEDITION A FAILURE?
Seven Hundred of the Men Said to Ban
Perished at Condokora.
ANXIETY OF THE VICEROY.
CAIEO, Fiffxpt, Deo. 1, 1871.
Alarming rnmors of the death of Sir Hamad
Baker and his wuole party are being freely dron
lated in Cairo. On Monday laat 1 beard a story
which purported to come from Suez, stating that
sir Samuel and hi* whole party had perished from
starvation, not many miles from Oonuokora. The
authenticity or this intelligence 1 doubted at oaoe,
and through the Amerlcau Consul General received
an emphatic denial from tho Minister of the In
terior. No one can tell at this moment
TUB EXACT l'O-IT J ON OP TUB blSTINdCUHBB
TRAVELLER,
because the government has received no intelii.
gence from him lor over a month. The Minister in
forms me that Sir Samuel did exhaust all tils sup
plies at a point near Faluro, in latitude lour, just eg
the Nile shore, m the interior, and that he
had applied to the Governor General of
Soudan tor assistance, and It is expected that the
necessary aid was l in me 1 lately supplied, as tuts
official Is instructed to support the explorer in every
possible way. It is a great mistake to believe that
Sir Samuel Baker wUl permit himself to starve la
the heart of Africa after so utuch oxperienoe, and
particularly when his wire is with him, his loss
meaning her own. it is perhaps promaiure to mako
any criticism upon luls
EXPEDITION TO TUB AFRICAN LAKES,
the greatest, I may say. yet undertaken. Still there
is no doubt that it tvas ill-advised in many particu
lars. As <ar us 1 can ascertain, t:,ooo men asoended
the Nile, equipped, provisioned and prepared tor a
two years' exploration uloug the river and in tne
uuknown countries lateral to its flow. Dragomen,
domestics and the completes! upponnmoats the
lavish generosity of the Vlcerov could bestow were
luruished udou demand, and Us English chief ?e
ceived the hue salary of $50,000 a year, aud that
probably will hardly be the beginning of uls re
wards if tie opwtis up Africa to the woild. Such
A MAMMOTH UNPEKI'AKINO
Is regarded here by many of the finest minds In Egypt
as too gigantic to move successfully among tne un
known wastes of Ethiopia, in Hie first place, it la
taking un army into a country loul with tne nn
hcalthiest malarias and charred to desert
sands by the fiercest ot African suns. The
base or supplies, running along a river
course, crosses deserts and winds by
devious ways through hostile tribes and tue wildest
savages. To move ahead is war; to send back is to
meet a fire in your rear. The loss of powder, the
loss of ammunition, a determined mutiny, starva
tiou, all tend to kill the enter, rise. As It now
stands, we have intelligence, regarded as of the
most uuthenilc character, that 700 men have per
ished Iroui tue heat aud that. ?lr Samuel and hui
brave lady arc the oulv white people connected
with the enterprise, and they still possess courage
aud hope.
THE Vlt'EHOV ANXIOUS.
In Egypt itaeir the profouu'lest apathy prevails
concerning this aud all other enterprises to uu
bosom tne African Continent. Not so, however,
witn the Viceroy and Ills Intelligent miuisters.
but with the population, which typifies t?ar
bartam veneered witu civilization. Among those
who are savants in African exploring matters, how
ever?and there are many here -the experience of
the Hekalp correspondent who penetrated the
eastern coast from Zanzibar has excited too greatest
lniurest and admiration. 1 do not think It will be
taken as Immodest to write that the efforts of the
Herald are duly appreciated here, and that lu en
terprise is freely commented on in upper circles In
the matter of solving tho tropical problem of the age,
and that people here regard Its mission as one to
Induce the Americans, metaphorically the "whitest"
people oh the cartu, to civilize the Airmails, mate
rially the oluckest.
KEPORTS OF SIR SAMl'EL BAKER.
When last heard rroui, a month ago, bir Samuel
Baker was reported near a small settlement
about latitude four degrees north, pointing
his iron boats, which are to consti
tute the first flotilla of inland, equatorial
Africa Think of it: on the waters of the Victoria
and Albert Nyanza the Viceroy establishes this
first navy upon luland seas which have seen, with
several exceptions, only the faces ot gorillas and
chimpanzees.
TOTS NEWS,
meagre as it is, shows us that sir Samuel is ready
lor the central lakes and that mere he will begin
operations la the most methodical manner. His
coutraot stipulates that tie shall flulsh this expedi
tion by the end ol the coming April; bat It Is very
doubtful if he will be able to do so. At any rate,
whon he comes back three-fourths of his command'
will probably Dave perished, and If he comes down
the Nile In the heat of summer It is Im
possible to say how many can survive.
THE MISTAKE OF TI1E EXPEDITION
nas bceu that it has been undertaken on too grand
a sca.e. The waste, sheer waste, of lood for 2,000
men would readily feed twelvo hearty Europeans
who might desire to cross the Equator. The great
evil Ot nil African exploring parties has been that it
has been conducted too much after the fashion of
the British tourist, and too many theodolytes,
barometers, sextants and artificial horlaous have
replaced canned meats and desiccated necessities.
1 am of tho opinion (hastily formed, perhaps) tnat
twelve energetic, live, 1 might say reckless Ameri
cans, each with his special mental and physical
girts, could bare this whole Continent to the view of
an anxious mankind. The British are good, nardy,
stubborn travellers, out they are like their Joarnal
Ism and Ideas?slower than the wratu of tne Grecian
gods.
LATEST REPORTS OF THE EXPEDITION.
Again there are fresh stories of the death of
Sir Samuel Baker and the complete failure of his
expedition. This time, It is said, that 400 miles
above Khartoum a military mutiny broke out, and
that In an eflort to quell it sir Samuel was shot
through the shoulder, from the effects of which he
subsequently died. H then followed that tue band,
disorganized and factious, became a chain of Irre
sponsible fragments, and there ends the tale. That
there may be trutu In this statement no one here
would be surprised to learn, because it was early
experienced that the troops felt restless under the
command ot a Christian. It is thought that beyond
the realms of civilization they indulged their cow
ardty Mussulman proclivities aud revolted.
CARL SOHURZJN BROOKLYN,
Carl Schurz, the distinguished statesman and
philosopher of the West, delivered his exhaustive
lecture on tne Franco-Prussian war last night, la
tue Bedford avenue Reformed church, Brooklyn,
K. 1)., t?y invitation or the Library Assoclatien.
The church waa well fined by Intellectual
persons, and the plilloeooher-statestnan was warmly
received. In sneaking of the oitlcials In the Prus
sian civil service Mr. Kchurs said that they were
very poor It paid, but their poverty did not affect
their houesty. If any 01 them committed a pecula
tion they commuted suicide when exposed. But It
was diflerent hereabouts. This fling caused an
outburst of applause, and gave tne phliosopopr a
cnaucc to wipe his spectacles.
CORRECTION,
Cosvknt or Mrrct, i
.15 East Houston stkkct, Dec. x, im.|
To tub Editor or this llnut.D;?
I beg to luform you that the statement In your
paper of tUe 33d Inst, concerning the profession of
a Miss Mctlulrc in our convent is a mistime. There
is no lady of that name in our community, and no
ceremony ol the kind mentioned tins taken place
hero lor some months. Please contradict tne state
ment in your next paper and oblige, yours, very
truly* bister M. AUyUbllNB, bupenoretu.