Tribune,
“Yor XX XL_.N°- 9.640. NEW-YORK. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 1871. PRICE FOUR CENTS.
rw

THE ANTI-RING STRUGGLE.
I
THE TRIBULATIONS OF TWEED CO.
THE TRIBULATIONS OF TWEED CO.
INGERSOLL, WOODWARD, AND GARVEY STILL
MISSING—TOLITICIANS CALLING ON TWEED—
nis PROBABLE EXPULSION FROM THE
SENATE.
Yesterday was set down for the return of
James H. Ingersoll, jr.,but that notorious gentleman broke
tbe ledges made for him by Lis friends by failing to ap
pest, and Democratic faith in him i= materially lessened.
His return is evidently postponed “without day.”
Nothing has been heard of Woodward, but what is in
store fer Lum may be determined from the remark of
Deputy Sh «ff Judson Jarvie, “TI wish I saw lim now;
I'd just like fo TUL Lim up into Ludliow-st, Jail to-night.”
where Garvey is ue one attemps to conjecture, but it is
pot believed that be has left the country. A Democratie
official raid yesterday that Mr. Tweed would certainly
aot have allowed him to go beyond the reach of the
Ring. 3
Boih yesterday aud the day before, Mr. Tweed's office
st the Dej artment of Puhiic Works was thronged with
politicians ret Ling or giving advice, and asking instruc
tous. Mw Ltenble was experienced by these visitors
in securing ITCIVICWS W ith their chief, and, to facilitate
matters, the of ves were arranged so as to admit people
much after the fashion in vogue at the Tombs when a
pew lot Of Prisouers arrives. The janitor outside took
the carus of the callers as they appeared in the hall-way,
and when a batch of sufficient size was made up, Mr.
Tweed's (lk opened the door of an ante-room, and with
Now then, come in,” be secured a dozen of the visitors
ju the teow, Here thoy were kept until the magnate of
the Ring was at liberty, when, one at a time, they were
selected, pusbed junto his presence, and pushed out again
soto the hall through suother door, as soon as the last
word was cut of their mouth A room full of these vis
fors presciied a deze VT ties of (he democratic man,
and, us 800M US they were fairly in the little office, they
watincuvely closed their moutbg, and, eycing one
another suspiciously, got into the corners, sat on the
window-silis, avd carefully eschewed the center of the
room, a8 though they feared “achiel awang ‘em takin’
A prominent member of the Tammany General Com
mittee, Who holds a county oftice, sand yesterday that he
believed Mr. Tweed reli d considerably ou the fact that
goless the fiures in the charges against hiw are care.
tally unraveled, neither judge nor jury will evernnder
stand thew dearly enough to render a decision adverse
to him in cither a criminal or a civil suit,
soteos.”’
Within the soot four or flve day s there hag been much
discussion on the probability of Tweed's expulsion from
the State a‘e. It is taken for granted that be will be
elecicd, 63d Ls adinirers suspect that if Lo takes his
seat be wis bo oxpelled by avote of the other Senators,
Ap ex-ancider of the National House of Represcutatives
proclaims this imp gsible, or the ground that cause must
be shown, iil: bribery as Senator, felony, or frand in
election, Lut the mewber of the Tumwany General Com
mittee ot ove referred to quotes the case of Whittemore,
who Lad Broken ro acing! law in selling cadetships, bat
was thrown cut of bis seat tu the House of Represcnta
tives hecuuse Lis conduct was go disgraceful that dis
eredit would have attacked to the whole body had he
been silewed to retain it, “Ro.” says thas gentleman,
way the Siate Senate deal with Tweed, the body hav
ing sup Tone authority in judging the qualifications of iis
wewbera.”
Avotlwr member of the Tammany General Committee,
glro a connty (ficial, said that it mattered very little
wlhethor Tweed bad a seat In the Senate or not, since
sto bor ciection weld be ordered and solue oie undel
Tweens control would be returned.
A CONNECIICUT MAYOR'S OPINION OF WOOD
WARD.
Some of the friends of Mayor Ely of South
Norwalk, Coun, attribute to Lim all the statements anc
senting mts relative to Woodward contained in the report
in TRE Tribu SE of Oct. 50, 1m which a single fact derived
from the Mavor was quoted, This intorence of bis eon
stituents does tit Mas or grave inpustice. He lias said
pothing about Mr. Woodward which the most devoted
adie rs of that genticman, or the geatlewan hihself,
evuld constiue as uncon phimentary.
ae—tlifi—
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT DANKRUDT.
A&iks RX ANA ATA A +2 AN RA VRE aAT RFE aN RIG LA 40
The Board of Fire Commissioners met yes
terday, Cowl sioper Shaler in the clair, Cownassioner
Heuncoseey made a statement in regard to the financial
rondition ¢f the Department. The Deputy Controller
had $17,000 in Land for the immediate use of the Depart
we nt, but be required that the payments should be ade
directly from his office, a propesition which the Cowmnis
f101 ef wis unwilling to accept without instructions to
that Jeet from the Board, The money war Le ded for
the vo) Lient of caluries, but he did not tuink thatso
frre gular a procecding vould be tolerated Lj the Board.
He bad card that the Board of Fire Underwriters had
advan cd $170,000, at the request of Mr. Green, to meet
the curr eapetacs of the Department to Jun. 1: but
the conditions undo which this was done would require
the cons. de ration of the Board. Adjouined.
late
THE PARK DEPARTMENT MANDAMUS.
BONDS CANNOT BE ISSUED WITHOUT ME. GREEN'S
AI'TROVAL.
The mandamus spplied for by the Depart
went of Public I'arks cawe up again, yesterday, before
Judge 1ugraham, in Supreme Court Chambers. The
order was settled in favor of the Department for $200,000,
for the nse of the Observatory, Museum, and Eighth-ave.
fwprovemcnuts, Mr. Stralian, on behalf of the Deputy
Contrcller, claimed that the order could not be of any
eff cr, if issued. The unanimous approval of the Board
of Apportionment wust be had to the issue of bonds, un
der the statute, and no sach approval was given iu this
mati or. The Judge said be supposed the case presented
by the papers showed such approval. Mr. Vaanderpoel,
for the relator, said that it had been averred in their
affidavits, on information and belief, and not denied by
the respon dent. Mr. Btrahan said that capitalists were
pow very apt to scrutinize the althority on which bonds
are issued, and to become quite learne in the statutes
en that authority. A naked order to raise money on
bords would Jroduce nothing. Mr. Vanderpoel said that
however the facts might be, the statute authorizing the
Talathg of this $200,000 ou bonds stood entirely independ
“nt. A roy isiva to the effect that the money be ruised
ou production of proof that the Board of Apportion
went had authorized it to be raised,” was inserted by
the Court. Mr. Strahan asked that the order direct the
raisiug of the money for permaeut works only. Mr.
Vaudcrpoel argued that the Loree were raised for
thre. certain defluite purposes; and the Court tinally
interpolated, It appearing to the Court that these con
structions are of a permanent character.” With these
two corrections the order was flually settled.
I
MIUBRPHY'S RING OPERATIONS.
PIS PULCH AES AND SALES OF REAL ESTATE IN
CONJUNCTION WITH TWEED, SWEENY, AND
BUGH SMITHH—A FULL PARTNER IN THE
FIRM—:ONME DOUBTFUL TRANSFEKS.
Mr. Thomus Murphy has repeatedly denied
Ais convection with the Tammany Ring in its real estate
operations. We give below the record of his transactions
for 1869 and 1370, when, as we have charged, he was in full
partuership with the great real estate Ring of the city.
Thess records are sufficient proof of what we have as
wrted, and show that the connection continued down to
Slate date, and that Mr. Murphy has been engaged with
Tweed, Connolly, Sweeny. and Smith, in suspicious trans
Ses since the Ring got into its present cowplications.
Bianow an tuteresting question whether such transfers
will old good in the event of a judgment being obtained
Against Tweed.
we —Bought of Thos. Moore, 77th-st., mn. 8.
rll 26 Bought of Martha E. Griswold, éth-ave.,
8,000
NW W. 8., 123.9 n. 38th-st., 26x100...........- 16,280
6—Bought of Bridget Devlin, Bloomingdale
June road, 122.5 u of 138th-st., 20x260.. 1,825
Bought of Victor Durand, sth-ave., e.
between 120th and 121st-8t6., 201.10x400. 100,000
This parcel of land is bounded on the
east by Mount Morris Park. Blortly
after the date of this purchase the
Purk Commission began work on this
op on a gigautic scale, and accord
go the report just published, the
Jitetpel part of the work done has
u at the wain entrance, at 120th-st.
and New-ave,, just in front of Ms
Murphy's lots. A large amount of
dirt was excavated hin the pa
fnclosure, and a great deal more is to
be taken awgy nevertheless, the
park laborers dug out of Murphy's
Jiot the cellars of the prospective
to be built there. This earth
was uscd to grade Bixth-ave, The
Jroperty to-day is valued at $200,000 as

IN
Ang stands,
Bought of H. Walch, 104th-st., 128 is
Ot. 1—Bougt of Jaues Lennox, biock bet, 66th
ui 6h-#ts,, aud 4th spd Madison
$20.00, 500 below, Oct Bere 228,00
So 1 Bought of Mathow Buk: Madisouave,
bv. eur, fouel, MOAR. cons connns 200
Oct. 16—DBought of James Lennox, for self, Feuer
B. Bweony, Win, M, Tweed, Riohd. B.
Connolly, and Hugh Smith, hlock be
tween 60th and Tothi-ste,, 4th "aud Mad
IBON-uv es, 400x200.10, $267,600, one-fifth
1570. BUR reer vis unsssrinsasnnsreseeen eeees 53,500
Mar. 3-BINE of Edward Burns, 26th-st., 8. 8.,
316.4 w, of 9ih-ave., 184X984. 4,450
May S1—Bought of Edward Burns, el. al., 300 W.
Of Oth-ave,, 184X089. ....ouvvenenrnnns 3,760
June A~BONRL of Maria L. Price (¢x.), #Tth-8t oy
408.10 of bih-ave,, 25.6x100.6. 1,600
Ang, o— Ful) Mo on w. of Madison-ave., bet.
£6th and 8ith-sie,, hy block........... 164,000
Full front on Madison-ave., bet. ssth
and 8ouli-ste,, by block. .oooaiiaiia... 180,000
Residence, No. 48 East 39th-st., near
Park-ave., with furniture. 105,000
bnew brown- stone houses, 4 4 story and
bic cinent, w. of 4th-ave., including
COrher of 884-8. ........ce00ce 70,000
Holds heavy mortgage with Tweed,
Conrally, Sweeny, and Smith, on 14
houses, bot, 63th and 69th-sts, ana 4th
and Midison-sv es. estimated. 100,600
TORI PUTCHAROS.. coon cos srnrrrsnss sss $1,054, 290
09. HIS BALES FOR TWO YEALSN


April 5—8o0ld Gi, W. Carleton, Bloomingdale: read
end Tenth-ove., bet, 105th and 136th =x, $45,000
April 7—=Trunster of mortgage to same. 26,000
May 6- Transfer of mortgage to TB. Ausiin. 4,600
Oct, 22- Sold to Win. M. Tweed, Peter B.
RBweeny, Richard B. ‘onnolly, and
Lugh Binith, block bet, 4th and Mad
ikon-aves., and 68th and 69th-st., undi
vided fourths, 4(0x200,10.. 220,000
This property cost him Oct, 1, $205,000.
INY0.
July  9—Sold Jno. Larkin, 3 lots, 4th-ave., w. 8,
near 85th-st., each 20X70. .......ecvvune $42,000
July 9—Sold Thor. E. Doy, 2 lots, dthave., w 8,
ear 85th-st., 42.2x140. 2s ersssasuene 33000
Aug. 2—Sold Ilenry Coca, 18 ave. Sr W. COr.
rai UR GT Se I POR pe 20,000
TOA RICE. vs ciarsrsrseinnets £354,500
The principal gale being of property
to the Ring for £220,000, for which three
weeks hetore he had paid $200, %00, theve
by ko ring $5.000 for FearOLs unexplained.
LATER BALES
The following transfer “of property by
the Riug wasiosade since the Ring get
in its desterate strait:
—_—  —fold Jro. C. Thompson, Mendhame N. J,
7 lots, 175X100, 1. S. G8thi-8t., 100 Ww. 4th
BVOC, QUOTAS. ovceeicneiiesrsness $105,000
Tam is part of the game propery
winch was boy “ht 0.1.1, 1860, ior $220,
Gol aud suid Oct. So aol goa, CO,

HUGH SMITIVS REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS.
HUGH SMITIVS REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS.
Mr. Hugh Smich has long been connected
with the Tiumany Real Estate Ring of which Thomas
Murphy, Collector, Peter B. Sweeny, Wm, M. Tweed, and
Richard EB. Connolly are the other active purtaers. The
records of the Register’ oflice coniain the following in:
teresting facts revive to bis share of the real estate
operations of the King:
1G.
June 20=-S0ld Peter RB, Sweeney no«, 170th-st,, 206
ft. ¢f old €th-nve., 2000.01... #20.000
July 13—-DLought in connection with Peter B.
Sweeny, house e, Broadway, V1 ft.
sad-st., 852,400, half share. 26,200
Nov. 7—Boveht exeeniors of Henry Jo Harte,
Broadway ad sthi-ave,, from 2a to
24t1-<t,, 01.5 fi. 0. of Broadway, 20.73%
125, and STs, 6h onsid-st. LL... TO6,000
Sweeny oricinally bought hs ol
Parnctt Solomen, and sold i an the
ste mouth to Smith,
Dee. 17—Sald Judge Johnny Scott es. fth-ave,,
20.5 1b. of 45ih-si., 20X60. conve. 28,000
1569.
Feb, 15—Bought of Thos, Pearsall 4 ots n. 9, 43d
st., 130 ft, w. 4th-are crenvsnris 333400
Feb, 18—DBought of John Cody, for self and
Sweeny, 24th-st., 8. 8, 325 ft w. of 10th
Feb, 20—PBoughi of P. B. Sweeny, loin, €5thest,,
10 fi, e. 6th-ave.. ernst ee THONG
Jan. so=—bouxhit of Barnett Solaweon, ex. of ii,
J. Hart, n. e. corner Broadway and
ssd-st.. 105.0x61 ft. nw 30cd-<il, e, of
Broadway, 62x48.49; 6th-ave, and
Broadway, 8 corner 34th st, 101.4X
195: 300 st, ne 5, 120.5 eof Proadway,
25x08,9;  wortgage, $87.625; cash,
£112,575; half share for Sweeny........ 350,000
Jaly  2—DBonght of RL, Connolly, brown-stone
house, 150th-st, and 6th-ave.... 25,000
Oct. 1o=oucht of dos, Leanex, for scif, Mur
phy, Sweeny, Tweed, and Corndlly,
block cath aud 70th-sis, 4th and Madi
SON-AVOR,, 400 200,10, §267,500, one-fifth
Oct. 22—Bonght of Thomas Murphy, for self,
~v.ceny, Connolly, and Tweed, block
between Sixty-cighth and Rixtyuinth
st., Fourth and Madison-aves., 400x
206,10, $220,000, one-fifth share. 44,000
Nov. 22—Bought of Mary Van Horn and David
Reiler, for self and Sweeny, Thirty
feurth-st., 8, 150 ft. of Bixth-ave.,
05x 9K8.9, £70,000, one-half share.......... 85,000
Dee. 24—Bouckt of P. B. Sweeny, house and lot,
Rix1y-cighth-gt., 100 fi. of Fifth-ave.. 12,000
1470.
Jan'y so—-Bonght of Sam’! Kanfinan, for self and
Sweeny, Tuictieih-st, 8s, 5L4 11 w of
Niath- ve, 25.00xE0.6553870.10, $14,500,
one-half hare, Coranis «9250
April 27—PBoucht of Sarm'l Hiseox. n, of Thirty
cecond-st., $40 11. w oi Laghth-ave,, 265
April 22—Sold Peter Bo ¥veeny, of Thirticth
st. 51.4 (1. Ww, of Bixth-ave., 20.8; X50.43X
263x79.11, one-galf part................. 1.500
T tal a ER a As oa aor RN A0N REO
RYE, 0,000
share PTR FT vase BB,500
8,
a——

IMPORTANCE OF PULDLICIIY.
From The London Spectator of Oct. 21.
There is no scheme by which a corrupt popu
lace can be made to return to pure representatives,
and there never will be one, so that if the respec
tables of New-York have no power to purify the elector
ate, say by the disfrunchisement of all electors not born
Americans, or by attracting tho Catholic clergy finally
to thelr side, they must just choose between a resort to
force, endurance of the SP pression, or emt gration 4 but
they may, perhaps, bd reducing the power of these repre
sentatives reduce the dimensions of the evil, It is
clear that fraud could not have been carried to
such hieht {in New-York except for the
secrecy With which the financial affairs of the
city are conducted. Supposing the respeetables able to
oe the helm even for ono year, we do not see what pre
vents their introducing into the Council the iuciple of
ublicity, making it an absolute rule that no Inoney can
Be expended in excess of the sum SppXopriated to each
department without a previeus debate and vote taken in
publ, and officially Zuuiisned fo the citizens. This is
the dourse adopted in England, and although it does not
entirely put sop to contract robleries—nothing can
stop that except honesty in the represeutative body—it
does tend to limit their amount and to fix the
responsibility on individuals It would not, under such
a system, impossible to give the contract for
furnishing the Court-House a8 8 reward for politi
cal help, but it would be impossible to run up the bill
for oatpéte, curtains, gas-fittings, desks, and chairs in
ape pub uilding to the astounding sum of $1,575,000.
Swindling would have to be more artistic, and as artistic
swindling requires brains, successful swindlers would be
ve hard to find. Tuis plan, however, is at best but a
palliative, and of rool at once Josser) and oom
lete we, Hke many, experienced New-Yorkers, have
fictie if any hope. ith voters who do not Jor taxes
disposing in secret of the wealth of those who do, with a
majority so corrupted a 80 jevolant hat i does not feel
the custw me uJ or
Donesty in Ha leaders, and with polities rs
personal struggle among the favorites of the people,
plunder wil) only be limited by the fear of heqal retribu
tion—a fear which, though operative in some of the newer
ond less civilized Biates, is apparently pot felt 1a New
York.
Total... covers
THE BALLAD OI" BOSS BILLLE.
2 Pe Bins FP
IT was four pirates of Gotham City,
They went a-8ailiig out to rea
In along, low, black, brass-nzonnts d Rehoonir,
Which carried the name of Tammance.
There was Rueful Richard and Cauniug Peter,
And Joky Oakey and Boss Billce.
Now, when they had been sone years a-sialing
It hlowed a regular jumboree;
And overboard fell Rueiul Richard,
A-leaving hig debts to his depirtee.
o Push Lim under,” avs Joky Oakey,
It takes all our craft to carry three.”
Now, when they had gailed a little further
There came a big chip up on their lee,
And the skipper hollered through his trumpet,
Whoever the devil may you bei”
Then Joky Oakey snapped Bis flugers:
What will you do about it 1" says he,
The skipper he called to Charles O'Conor,
Just hand that big chap up to me.”
go Charles be reached down into the schooner
And jerked Bogs Bill out suddenlee,
And the lust that was seen of Master Willlaw
The skipper had him over hig knee.
When Joky Oakey saw this happen,
He fell §-Wee pik bitterlee
Ah, were I again but an honest peddler
Of second-hand puns and poltree!
Alas, there isn't in all Joe Miller
A joke for this catastrophe.”
Tu Joky Oakey, sald Cunning Peter,
With vour expressions you are too free.”
Baid Joky Oakey to Cunning Peter—
«I guess you don't reahze, Peter B.,
That we have lost, in William's pockets,
The grog and the grub for all we three!
And what is to hinder Charles O’Conor,
Whenever the skipper shall agree,
From reaching again down over the guunel,
And SMching hold of my green contee
To lock me i n a County Court-House,
Or uninhabited Armorec 1”
“Do as I tell vou,” said Cnnning Peter,
We are both in one boat, vou see;
Let us surrender to Richard O'Gorman,
And tell him to smite us tenderlee.
Better be sinote pd Richard O'Gorman
Than swing at O’Conor’s wain-cross-tree
R——
CHFECKR ON MUNICIPAL FRAUD.
AROTHER PITASE OF THE CATACAZY CASK.
BT. PETERSBURG, Wednesday, Nov. 1, 1871.
The Journal de St. Petersbourg, referring to
the case of the Russian Minister at Washington, denies
that M. Catacazy has been told he cannot stay In Wash
ington after the vikit of the Grand Duke Alexis, and
states that Mr. Curtin, the American Minister, has never
jofornred the Governiuent here that the American Gov
ernment threatened to send the Russian Minister his
DRESPOTLE,
eee
AE, WlURtCeUAY, NOY. 1, 1001.
President Thiers, accompanied by the Minis
ters of War and the Marine, will go to Rouen on the 27th
inst. to lay the coruer-stone of the projeeted military es
tablishment.
i
THE GOVERNMENT TO BE ATTACKED IN THE
CORTES.
MAbrIp, Wednesday, Nov. 1, 1811,
The Radicals will make an attack on the
Government next week in the Cortes, but on what par
ticular question 18 yet uncertain. The result will depend
on the attitude of the Carliste, as they hold the balance
of power.
re l—
DARON KELLERSPERG ASKED TO FORM A CABI
NET.
VIENNA, Wednesday, Nov. 1, 1871.
The Baron Holzethan having declined, the
Emperor has invited Baron Kellersperg, formerly Gov
cruor of Bohcwia, to form a Cabinet.

ILLNESS OF THE WAR MINISTER.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Nov, 1, 1871,
Owing to the illness of Gen. Von Roon, Min
ster of War, Gen, Stosck has been placed fu temporary
charge of the War Office as Assistant,
ee
GREAT BRITAIN.
TELEGRAPHIC ENTERPRISE IN FORWARDING TO
LONDON THE ACCOUNTS OF THE CHICAGO
FILE—TI!iZ NEW ROCIAL MOVEMINT—MORE
DENIALS FROM SHE PEERS=M. LOUIS BLANC.
TFROM THLE REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.)
LoxpoN, Oct. 21, =Nothing conld be a better
proof, if any proof were needed, of English interest in
Chicago, than the extraordinary efforts of the London
press to get early and full acconnts, A sharp lookout
was kept for the Silesia at Plymouth, and for the Java at
Queenstown, bringing respectively New-York papers of
the 10th and 11th, The Silesia arvived at 8 o'clock yee.
teray morning, and the Java (Queenstown beiug half a
Gav's <ail nearer New-York) late the same afternoon,
The Kilegia's papers were in season to he forwarded by
train to London, but the Queenstown dispatches had to
be telegraphed. The Postal Telegraph being seldom
equal to an eraergency without special preparation, an
agent had been sent frown London to facilitate the trans
mission of dispatches both to London aud other parts of
the Kingdom.
The newspaper reporters went oft’ in a steam-tnz to
intercept the Java, caught her some distance out at sea,
got papers, and this morning we have from three to six
columns in each of the leading journals, partly by tele
graph and partly from the papers which came by the
Plymouth train. All this is very different from the sleepy
way In which such things were once managed. The use
of the inland telegraph, [must add, most become tar
more common than it now is, and will be limited only
hy the alnlity or inclination of the Post Office to transact
the business which sts custoiners want doae. Mr, scuda
miore’s idea that the newspapers want too munch
pews” way some day take its place among the
fossil curiositics of the Department, He must get
the consent of Parliament to raise the rates if
he expeets to check the new enthusiasm
of the British Press, They put ua clause into the bill
which transferred the telegraphs to Government, fixing
the tariff for Press dispatches at one shilling (24 cts.) for
a hundred words frou any part of the United Kingdom.
The actual cost of these very showy-leoking dispatches
is, therefore, about $6 a colnmu. Mectings for relict of
Chicago continue to be held, and the flow of subserip
tions Is unchecked. Yon receive constant accouuts by
tele graph, and I peed not recapitulate figures. Lut here
ig a letter which I presame har not been sent hy cable,
but which recs to express a very genuine and beantiful
feeling:
PONTYMISTER, Ricca, Newront. Monmonth,
sonday, Oct, 175, 1871,
Gen. SCHENCK: Sir: IT have one pold dollar which I
have worn a» an article of jewelry, Please forward it
to Chicago; 1f way be the means of Keeping one or even
more from actual starvation for a short period. Taney
vorry I eaunot afford more, and I desire to express on
behalf of my wife and myself our heartfelt sympathy
with the sufferers by this awful ealamity, 1 am, Sir,
yours very obediently, Jos R. TAYLOR,
Formerly Co. I, 52d Reg't. N.Y. 50. from 1861 to '€4.
Amoag the recent large sabscriptions I note the Bank
of England aud the Union Bank of London each $35,000.
The new alliance has fallen into discredit; Lord Salis
bury, Lord Derby, Lord Carnarvon, the Marquis of
Lorne, the buke of Richmond, Lord Henry Lennox, Bir
Staftord Northeote, and Mr. Gathorne Hardy have sever
ally denied all complicity in the business, Some of them
bad never heard of it till they read the newspaper ac
counts. There remain of the alleced signatures only
Lord John Manners and Sir JohnjPakingtoun. Nobody
greatly cares, I suppose, whether between them and the
workingmen there has or has not been any coquetry,
Mr. I. Barry, to be sure, wrote to the papers, out of a
full heart, perhaps, but in very shady English,
declaring that the signatures of the Lords were in pos
session of Mr. Scott Russell. But, then, the Council of
Workingmen, of which Mr. Barry signed himself the
Treasurer, write by the hand of their Becretary, Mr.
George Potter, averring that Mr. Barry's statetuents are
wholly unauthorized—though they do not say untrue.
Apparently, we must still wait for Mr. Heott Russell's
account to clear up some part of tho mystery. Possibly
it may turn out that Mr Scott Ruseell i# an autograph
collector. In any case, nobody will doubt the good faith
of the published denials.
M. Louis Blanc is hero on a brief visit, looking, T am sorry
to say, quite haggard and worn with the anxieties of the
last year. He will either sell or lease his houee in London,
and regide in Paris henceforth—until another revolution
“orc oup d’¢tat bavishes him again, He lost largely by the
Commune fires. Nearly all his books and a great part of
his own and his wife's personal effects, which had been
gent from London in nine or ten boxes, were destroyed
“in the Paris military station. A loss which he deplores
far more was that of the completed manuscript of an un
“published work. By good fortune, the notes from which
it was written had not been sent in with the other things,
and have since been discovered in his house, so that it
will be possible to rewrite the work. M. Louis Blanc is
considering whether he will visit America, He has
received a liberal offer to go over to lecture, but doubts
whether he can rightly be absent long enough from his
duties at bome te gratify his eager desire to see the great
Republie. I hope he may go. No living Frenchman de
serves a more cordial welcome from Americans. Of his
rank as statesman and historian it 1s superfluous to
speak. Of the charm which surrounds his private life,
of the brilliancy of hie conversation, abounding-in anec
dote and information, of his pure and exquisite English,
it would be as impossible to speak too highly as it would
be to over-praise either the simplicity of his character or
his lifelong devotion to great ideas. G. W. 8,
B
KixGsToN, Oct. 80.—Fire broke out on board
the West India and Pacific mall steamer Venezuelan,
trom Liverpool, while at sea, and was only arrested after
the vessel and cargo had suffered much damage. On the
19th ult., upon reaching the harbor of Banta Martha, tha
Captain was obliged to scuttle the fore part of the
steatner, submerging one of her water-tight compart
ments. This extinguished the flames, and saved the
vessel, after she had been burning 31 hours. She goes to
Aspinwall for repairs, and will then oall at Kingston.
ntl
FIGHTING IN  GUATEMALA—THE STEAMER VIR
GINIUf UNDER THE PROTECTION OF NEW
GRANADA.
Kingston, Oct. 80.—Later dates from Gua
temals announce that martial law bss been declared in
the Departments of Chiquimuls and Jalaps. Gen. Bar
vios liad three times engaged the rebels and routed thom.
Tre Gamernmant Biase.
J
FOREIGN NEWS.
tl
RUSSIA.
"LANCE.
THE NEW MILITARY SCHOOL.
SPAIN
AIISTRIA
GEIIMANY.
MIRE ON AN OCEAN STEAMER.
row AY. AMERICA.
ragun the removal of eertaln refugees from the frontier,
and a more vigilant observation of their movements.
Bogota dates to Oct. 7 announce that the NewGirana
dian Government has determined to protect the steamer
Virginius at Aspinwall, and has received tho thanks of
Gen, Hurlbert for adopting that decisive policy.
The Bolivian Congress having rejected the bill pro
viding for a Federal Constitution, a ministerial crisis has
resulted, and it is probable the Government will, in con
scauenee. remove to La Paz.
FMANCIPATION IN BRAZIL.
The steamer Hamstead, which arrived yes
terday, brings dates from Rio Janeiro to Oct. 8,
The decree of emancipation which passed the Brazilian
Parliament on the 27th of September, declares free all
ohildzen born of slaves after its date, frees all slaves held
by the Government, numbering? 1,700, establishes an
Singpeipation fund and makes various other provisions
for tho benefit of the existing slaves.
The declaration of the result of the vote was received
In the crowded Benate-house with great applause, and
rose-leaves were showered from the galleries upon the
Repatore. Ou kaving the Scnate, the Viscoude de
Rio Branco. the Minister of  Agrienltnre, and
the Senators who had taken prominent part iu the advo
cacy of the bill were warmly cougratnlated by their
friends and loudly cheered by the multitude outside, In
the evening a serenade was given by the masons
of Rio to the Visconde de Rio Branco,
The Government has received cougratulations from
all the foreign representatives In Rio and
from the local corporations, and felicitations
aro continually coming from other Darts of
the country in proporiion as the news reaches them.
Religious corporations had already commenced to set at
liberty the slaves owned by them, and there were ul
ready evidences of a movement among the slave-owuners,
in the direction of either converting their slaves into
free tenant farmers or of freeing them upon conditions
of a [ow veare’ service,
THE MORMON TROUBLES.
a ae
ALL OUIET AT SALT LAKE—AN EXPEDITION Pilk
PARING TO PURSUE DRIGIIAM YOUNG,
Sart Lage Ciry, Nov. 1L=To-day every
thing is pacific, and there 1s not the least probability in
this city of any outbreak or difficulty. The Mormons all
disclaim any intention of resisting the law or opposing
the United States oflicers iu the performance of their
duty. Judge Mchean’s course in admitting Mayor
Wells to bail is admitted in all quarters to be eminently
wise und proper. No fault is found for refusing bail for
Stout aud Kimball, although it is not deemed that the
probability of their guilt is greater than that of Mayor
Welle,
It is understood that Marshal Pafrick is preparing an
expedition to follow and aivest Brigham Younes Un?
trustworthy report state that Young is sill moviug
gouthward, having with Lito eleven wagons, and one
hundred armed men mounted,
The appointment of Geo, C, Bates, Unilod States Prose.
eating-Attoraecy for Utah, is approved by boob the Mor
mon and Gentile press,
THE GEEMAN VALLEY BAILLROAD CASIL
TrexToN, Nov. L—The take of testimony
iu the case of Thompson agt. The German Valley Foul
road Company was continued to-day before Lewis Parker,
Master in Chancery, and adjourned till to-morrow.
Judze R. 8. Green and J. D, Banghart appeared for the
complainant, and Messes, MeCarter, Keen, and Kingman
for the defendant, Suboenas have been issaed for the
Governor's private secretary aud others, lis contend d
on one side that the Governor is bourd to attend the
summons of the Court, heeause he has been subpenaed
as nu private citizen, and not as Governor, As ov from
the question w hether the Covernor sizoned the bid or not,
it is contended that the act bheearie a law became of 10:
remaining in the Governor's hands five days before the
fiunl adjournment of the Legislature, The bill was
taken to the Govervor on tie oth of Maieh, and the
Lei tatnre adionrned on the 6th of April, The bill was
lett with the State Librarian, and brooght before the
Court on ai order of the Chanccbor, and they found ap
pended to it a statement by (he Governor to the effect
that he had ciened the bith, bit afierward erased his sie
natnre, ‘The Governor assigned as the reason for this
course that in the hurry of the closing hots of the seo
sion he word appesd Lis signaware wo bitls andor.
nately betore investizating them, in ovder to faciitate
business, He would then return those whieh he ap.
proved, and retain those disapproved. The question as
to whether Gov, Randolph shall be compelicd to obey
the mondate of the Court will be decided by the Chan.
cellor in a day or two. The subsequent developments of
this interesting case promuse to be of a still more starting
and remarkable cliaracter,
ntl
WasiinGgToN, Nov. L=The following, dated
Oct, is a translation of the information received at the
Navy Departwent from Dr. A, Peterman of Gotha:
The telegram dated Ot. 3, 1671, which announces the
return of Capt, Weypreeht and Licat, Payer of the Aus
trian army, states taat in the wenth of September an
open sea was lonnd from 27 to 60° east of Greenwich to
the northward of 75° norih latitude, The northermoost
Fit reached was 79° north on the meridian 427 east,
ere we found the most favorable state of ice toward the
North Pole, with probable connection with the open sea
north of Sibera, towed the cast, This appears to be tho
most favorable route toward the North Pole,
Dr. Peterman remarks: The last part of this telegram
I cannot understand, but IT have reason to assume that
Carl Land, which was discovered last Jeu by the Count
Zoi and Theodore von Heughir, extends to 75° 12 north,
Tae expedition was made in a stall sailing vessel, and
at the expense of the otlicers,

tn cele co
MOVE COLONISTS FOIL LIPERITA.
Fortress Moxror, Nov. L.=The bark Edith
and Bose, Cant. Alexander, arrived here on Sunday
morning, 36 hours from New-York, 8Le has heen char
tered by the American Colonization Society for the pur
pose of conveying colored emizrants to Liberia. She is
a very fast vessel, and {8 expressly adapted to the pur
pore for which she Las been chartered. Capt. Alexander
tends taking out about 260 ewigrants from Virginia, Ton
nessee, North Carolina, and a few trom Maryland. They
will be furnished with free transportation snd rations,
and will also be furnished with six wontas' provisions
after arriving there. They will also be furnished with
from five to ten acres of lend each as a homestead, She
hag two or three passengers on board, one of whom is the
Rov. De. Dillon, a Presbyterian Slergyuiin, who has been
for many years a Missionary in Aberia, and who has
been here on a visit in the interest of churches and
schools for that country. The Edith avd Rose will re
wain in the Roads for a week or two taking in Ler cargo.
J.
THE GOVERNOR OF MINNESOTA SUING A NEWS
PAYER FOR LIBEL.
gr. PavL, Minn., Nov. 1.—In the libel suit
of Gov. Austin against The St. Anthony Democrat,
the testimony upon which the defendant based the alle
gation of bribery was in the fact that Gov. Austin ob
tained $5,000 from certain parties in Philadelphia through
H. Clark, President of the Lake Buperior and Missis
‘ompany., The plaiutifl shows that it was
Gpps Rat/rand um po and Oy upon real estate,
and was not sought for until a your after the approval of
the bill which The Democrat arged that Gov. Austin
we 2 hribhadt ty RIZZI.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE IN THE COURTS.
Krom Washinglon Correspondence of The Boston Advertiser,
The opinion of the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia on the woman suffrage case lately
argued before that Court will be delivered within three
or four days, and will be adverse to the women, Chief
Justice Cartter will probably prepare the opinion, which
will be brief, and confined to a discussion of the subject
wholly as it falls under the organic law of the District.
That fustrument provides in 80 many words that all male
citizens shall have the right of suffrage, and the Court
will hold that these terms are equivalent to an express
limitation of the right to males and exolusion to women.
The Court will, however, along with this denial of the
right of suffrage to women unde: the Constitution of the
District, intimate distinctly and directly that the privi
loge is doubtless secured to them by the Constitution of
the United States, and that it only remains for the legis
lative power to define and Propeely limit it to entitle
them to full exercise. The will not, however, hold
that the privilege of suffrage is natural right, but that
it 1s legal and conventional powes to be exercised by
all persons whom the Constitution declares citizens of
the United States. .The counsel for the advocates of
woman suffrage will appeal from the Distriet to the Fed
eral Supreme Court, and the Joulen is thus in a fair
wav for adjudication by the highest and final tribunal
RIMMER AND CASUALTIES-BY TELEGRAPH.
ilson’s sawmill at H ire,
REM dpb ip Rs vy Co.,
i rks of M.
oni me re 2 MR Jeu, Landon
at ion Agent Forbes of Philad
held in bp) yesterday, on the charge of Blladeipbia, was
ment fanda.
Prof. Edward Florv of Platteburg, N. Y., a
music teacher snd desler in masic, committed suicide on Tuesday by
banging himself in his barn. Cal
....The boiler in verton’s sugar refin in
rday, kill
Baiimars, erploded 123% y Hi named Sardar, ao? badly
....Two engaged in taking down the walls
of Th ye nd ors, om oe rh ser
....Beven convicts Secaped irom the Jeffersonville
(lm) lteter Teeed aad Bombv. Se recaptured after an ox
Henry Hooper, formerly yor of Pella, Iowa,
and now Maager of the Sloaz Oly Co 7. hag sued the editor of The
mill, four mfles from
hy i
THE OPEN POLALDI SFA.
WASHINGTON.
ADDITIONAL ROUNTY FRAUDS DISCOVERED—A
VOLUMINOUS REPORT ON THE KU-KLUX OUT
RAGES—IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CAPITOL.
{BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.|
WASHINGTON, Wednesday, Nov. 1, 1871.
45 13 UNGCISTO0U VAL LHC OLUCETS OF LH UCpal Luis ue
the Interior and of Justice are new engaged in investi
gations into the conduct of Judge J, W. Wright of this
city, formerly of Indiana, in connection with the collec
tion of bounties, &c., due Indian soldiers of the Creek,
Cherokee, and Seminole Nations, in the late war. Bome
of the Government officers state their belief that im
menso frauds, amounting to hundreds of thousands of
dollars, have been committed in connection with these
claims, Tho subject of these frauds and Judge Wright's
‘relation thereto was referred to more than year ago in
tho newspapers, The Department of the Interior
has received several additional reports on the
subject, which are regarded as demanding
immediate attention, and it is probable the Department
of Justice, which has had the case in hand for some
time, will take summary action thereon, An army
oflicer from the frontier is now here, and will be de
tained, with a view of stating his knowledge of the
transactions at the proper time, The abstraction of a
large amount of vouchers, and the substitution for them
of worthless abstraets; the improper use of a court seal,
and the use of an fiprovised one; the production of fle
titious names, as applicants for pensions and bounties,
are all sald to be ground-work for prosecution. Btrong
efforts have been made to prevent this subject from
taking an active form, but the impression is that action
cannot now be long delayed,
genator Scott and Representative Btevenson of the
Ku-Klux Investigating Committee arrived yesterday,
and were at the Capitol to-day, in consultation with
gonator Pool over the preparation of the forthcoming
report. This will be a very voluminous document, over
2,200 pages of testimony having been already printed,
and it 18 believed that what will be taken by the
two sub-Committees now in the South will amount to
nearly as much more, Mr. Maynard's Committee took the
evidence of 85 persons at Atlanta, Ga., alone. They have
held sessions’ant other points in that State, and examined
many more witnesses, Senator Pratt, who is at the head
of the sub-committee investigating Alabama and Missls
sippf, is one of the hardest workers in Congress, and
appears, from letters received here, to be carrying the
habit into the duty he is now performing. It is esti.
mated that the testimony alone will cover 5,000 page”,
while additions! waiter, with the two reports (majorly
and minority), will occupy more than 1,000 more,
Nearly all of the departments of the Government have
forwarded to the Sceretary of the Treasury the estimates
required for their respective departments for the fiscal
year ending June 50, 1573, The majority of these esti
mates do not ditter materially from those for the previ
ous flacal year, as many of the Government officers can
make ou more correct estimate when the subject comes up
for consideration in the Appropriation Committees of Con
gress, and the #en<o of that bedy is more fully deter
mined respecting the question of economy.
Mr. Clark, Architect of the United States Capitol, rent
his annual report to the Secretary of the Iuterior to-day.
After enumerating the numerous improvements which
have been made during the Sum:oer to the futerior of the
Capitol, the partienlurs of which have already been
printed, be coutinues
The terraces have been nearly completed, and the
Marcine laid with the excention of 11.0 snaee in front of
the western pordeo of the soni wing, which space has
fo
ben left nptinishod on accent on oe pecessity of taking
aon ard res ctting the Steps of this portico. Th steam
pipes ot both wines have been covered with a fire proof
felting, which has <o far proved =atisinctory #03 a non
conductor of heat, 1 helieve auite a saving will be
cfteeted tn the om of fuel by thas covering these pipes,
Tue steam-pipes from the wings has been further ex
tended in the central huildine <o that now nearly all the
rooms and passages in that portion of the building have
the benetic of hear from the wings, The whole exterior
of the old portico has heen printed, as well as a laree
portion of the interior, The copper roofs have been opt
order and iproved,
The tateary of (he ceatral portico has been eleaned by
mep ns of the chitsel, all other taethods tried proving in
etfectaal, owing, I helieve, to the infudiciour use of acid
fu former cleaning. Tuo old doorway at the central en
trance of the cast front has been cut away to make space
for the bronze doors, and a new doorway supplied,
A large amount of .carth has been deposited on the
grounds at the gouth; a temporary roadway wade on the
north, marking the proposed are, running from B-st, to
Pennsvivaniz-ave, and Firsi-st, [earnestly recommend
that these gronnas, or so wach as bheleng to the United
States, be laid out and planted, aud that the street at the
north be erirbed and paved. The frost at the south
being newly filled, will nudoubtedly subside so mach
that, in my opison, 11 would be nseless to attemn® plant
ing neat season, ‘The tune has now arrived wien atten
tion should be given to the grounds awl streets around
the Capitol, and I therefore recommend that the plateau
at the eastern (ront be paved,
For the loot few years the improvements and repairs
of the AINE, &c., at the Botanical Garden, by the
direction of the Joint Committea on the Library, Ri
been under the direc ion of this ofiice. During the ast
season tue iron railiog on Mary land-ave. has been com
eted, the flagging of the main walk flnished, and a
basin, with marble coping for the fountain, has
boon made; one green-house entirely recongtrueted, and
several others enlarged, The attention of the committee
having charge of these grounds is respectfully called to
the condition of the wooden portion of the conservatory,
It i= in such a dilapidated condition that its destruction
is pusaible at any high wind. To secure it for the present,
it has beeone necessary to place Fons at the south side,
the winds having already forced the walls out of the
perpemiciuar line, I, therefore, recommend that a wing
corresponding to the one at the west of the rotunda be
constricted, Accompanying the report {4 a cash state
ment showing the expenditures, as follows:
Capitol EXTENSION. oarrrrrseiaranisiriiirnsssisasansasiess. §101144 64
Henting, 1, bting, and ventilating Hall of House of Repre
BETALINES, ov vvusrsinsesssasssasansartonsntantisasssisnns 17.174 3
New Dome United States Capitohiiassiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniii, 8,316 70
Extension of Capitol {a rind secrasssisssecnarnanss S304 U8
Annual repairs of the United States Capitol................. 12,939 13
Letension of the Govertwent Prioting-Otfice hoilding....... 15448 96
Fulare ag shalts of ecepe for impure air of Scuate Chamoer, 2,500
Taking out private s.airway (row Law Libraiy....cociiine 2.000 00
The response of the Southern States to the financial in
eninieag that wore made ave very mmcacer. Senator Pool
The re sponse of hie southern States to the financial in
quiries that were made ave very meager, Senator Pool
is doing his best to present a full exhibit of their condi
tion in that respect.
The President, owing to the pressure of official busi
ness, and a desire to look into certain subjects before pre
paring his wessage, has ordered that no visitors shall be
admitted to the Executive Mauslon hereafter before 13
o’elock.
The Board of Surpervising Inspectors of Steamboats is
detained here by the reference to Solicitor Banfield of
several questions of law embraced in the report of the
Board, which was submitted to the Secretary of the
Treasury a day or two ago. A final adjournment will be
reached to-morrow or Friday,
Revenue detectives telegraph to the Department to
day from Maysflicld, Ky., that they have’seized 14,000
pounds of illicit tobacco of fine quality, and have also
taken possession of Rogers Hutchins’s factory, and
arrested the PropHietone,
The following patents were issued to citizens of New
York during the week ending yesterday
Lsase Coleman, manafactare of artificial stove: Wm, H. Miles, lather.
brush; Alfred Parsf, M¥iiruo; to the Madder Color Uompeny, dveing and
printing madder colors; D. Brainerd Ray, typesetting a distributing
machine; Adolphus Hofiste, necktie; Garrett House, cooking-stove;
Benjamin T. Babbitt, steam heater; George J. Bols, Michael Crebuer,
and Juhus M. Jagel. birdcage; Samuel Brody, moff-tassel; Addison C,
Fletcher, steam boiler flue joint; Heary M. Hall, binder for sewing
machines; Wm. Henry, folding step for vehicles; Wm. 8. Hicks, pen
and pencil-case; Horatio M. Matiigva. 4ryiage,
The interest on the registered bonds owned vi the sev
eral tribes of Indians in the United Btatgs, and held b
the Secretary of the Interior as Indian trust funds, talls
due to-day, and amounts to $36,000.
An important prize case was heard to-day, in the Su
me Court, on appeal from the United States District
Port of Masasohusetts. It was argued for the appellants
by the Hon. Charles Leva Woodbury and Judge Cowley
of that State. Tue Government was represented by
Assistant Attorney-General Hill. The case is that of the
officers and crews of the United States ships Monadnock,
Kaatakill, Nantuoket, and others, in all about thirty ves
sels, comprising Ad Dahlgren’s fleet, which occupied
the harbor of Charleston, Bocksding the channels be
tween Forts Sumter and Moultrie, during the forward
movement bogiuni the "18th of February, 1865.
The B8iren, Xadée-runner, laden wish preserved
meats, dry goods, and other stores, for the
Rebel army, was captured by the Glatiole Ja, als
claimed, maritime and not inland waters. It ls, there
fore, claimed to be a naval prize, snd not a conjoint cap
ture. The Biren was libeled and Sollanioed Bea Rea
The District Court refused to distribute the on
the grousd that it was a Svhjeint capture, and could not
be distributed at sdl. That it was one mads within inland
waters, and therefore to be considered aa captured and
abandoned Jloperts, whose Ploeseds were not to be dis
tributed to public vessels of Vitel States, and that
it was a droitof Admiralty,” that is vetdel Abssdoned
by the crew, and therefore not a prize in proper
sense, all of whioh points are controverted by appellants,
The questions are of considerable importance deter
mining prize cases.
(OENERAL PRREAA DISPATCH.)
The Secretary of the Treasury has called in #1,600,000
more of the Three Per Cents of the denoarination of $5,000,
from No. 2,003 to 3,818, and also the denomination of
0, from N to 3,833. The interest is to cease
tho 330% of December.
Gen. Geo. B. Williams of Indiana to-day formally eon
cluded an shgaement with My, Moir, the Jupuneso Min
jatar, and go to that country for the purpose ef or
ganising an Isternal Revenue system there sillier te
our own, Gen. Williams la now Hocpud Depa Commi
gleges of Liarasl Revenue at gion, and has also
ato offices for an aggregate of five or six year. It is com
sidered that no better selection for the position can be
made, both on account of his personal address, and gen
erally acknowledged administrative abilities. The en
Hd Ain bn 192 thes Yeirs, at a large salary. Gen, Wil
Juniiare next, m San Francisco for Japan on the 1st of
Ll a
Tie Register of the Treasury makes the follow!
statement in regard to the whale fiahe of the
U nited States: In 1868, there were 328 To; in 1869,
311 vessels; in 1870,209 vessels; in 1871, 249 vessels, There
apjeary Io ve f gradual diminution in this onee im
national industry, due discovery of petro
and the mannfacture of coal oil. The “AB ves.
sels of the country are entirely ownod at eight ports,
namely: New-Bedford, 187 vessls; New-Londom, 22;
Barnstable, 20; Edgartown, 5; Salem, 5; Nautucket, s;
Ban Francisco, 3, and Bag Harbor, 3.
In the Supfeie Court of the United Btates, last Mon
day, several judgments were affinned, with 10 per cent
damages, beside interest and costs, on the ground that
the writs of error appeared to have been prosecuted
merely for delay. The cases were from the Northern
District of 1llinois, and were brought to the Supreme
Court by fire insurance companies against which judg
ments had been obtained several years ago.
George William Curtis, Chairman of the Civil Bervice
Commission, had an Interview with the President this
morning, and laid before him the rules adopted by the
Commission to govern clerical appointments, competitivo
examinations, &e. The Cominission was to-day engaged
in discussing the question of the appoinment of Post
masters,
The Evening Star gays the President bas addressed a
letter to Dr. idwen, President of the Scueca =tone (om
pany, requesting the latter to dispose of Lis (Presidous
Girant’s) stock fn that Company.
THE FIRST MURDER EVER COMMITTED IN THE
CITY—JOHN CANTY, A PROFESSIONAL BASE
BALL PLAYER, KILLS EUGENE TAYLOR.
el
Eugene Taylor, a butcher, of Paterson, N.
J., visited several drinking-saloons with a party cf
friends, early yesterday, and finally called at a house in
Franklin-st. occupied by a family named Lyons, and
rapped on the door. John Canty, a boarder in the house
put his head out of the window and said, *“1f you don’
go away I'll come down and kick the head off you.”
Taylor made some impertinent repiy, and Canty imme
diately came to the door and attacked him, throwing
him to the ground, and afterward beating and kicking
him most unmercifully.
Archibald Todd, who first came to Taylor's assistance,
gave that he was walking along the Drie Railway truck
“when he heard erles of murder, and at once started ip
the direction from which the shouts came; on the way
lie overtook a woman, to whom he remarked, There's 3
murder somewhere,” and she wmediately followed him
at full speed. When he reached the Lyons
house he saw thres men running toward
Straight-st.; Taylor was lying in the middle of the
street bleeding profusely; MeKimley who had pagsed the
evening with Taylor and David Hic I. NOW came up, an.
they united in their etiorts to resuscitate Saylor, but
were unsuceesaful, They sent immediately for twe
physicians, Drs. Van Dyck and Neer, who were soon on
the spot. An examination was made and Taylor wat
pronounced dead.
Mrs, Lyon and her danghter say that Taylor knocked
at the door, and was told by Canty to go away; hein
sisted upon entering, and when Canty continued to orGes
bin away, he assailed Canty and the women with op
probrious epithets, and challenged Canty to fight hiv
After beating Tayior, Canty returned to his bed, but wad
aroused by Mrs. Lyon, who had heard Ofiicer Simonton “a3
that Taylor wasdead. Canty nomediately arose and
floc, Its believed that he took a freiziat train for New
York, and it has been ascertained that a man answering
bis deserintion left an Eric train at Bergen Tunnel, and
inquired the way to the top of the bill. Photographs of
the murderer have been procured and forwarded to the
police authorities in all the surrounding citics.
Canty is about 25 years old, six tect in hizht, slender,
and wears a wustache, His mother comuitted suicide
some years ago, and his father died rather mysteriously
about four months since in Marshall-st, For some
months past Canty has been lving with Mary Lyons,
who was married fo George Mills, but subsequently di.
vorced, Canty bas asserted that Mary was his wife, but
this isnot known to be tine, altkough she has been ving
with inn as such. ‘Tne Mayor has oflercd $500 reward
for the arrest of the murderer.
Coroner Butterworth impaveled a jury, and began the
inonest at noon, yesterday. Mrs, Lyons testified that
Canty had boarded with her and was engaged to marry
her daughter Mary, but no cuproper inthuacy existed
between them, and Canty always sicpt alone; he had
been in bed three hours when Taylor caine, and wad
sober; Taylor called him foul names, and threw stoneq
at the window, Mary Lyous testited the same as hes
mother, and denied that any intimacy Lad existed he
tween her and Canty, but sad they were to have been
warried soon. The doctors sud officers testified us to the
condition of the body when found,
The jury returned a verdict tbat Eugene Taylor came
to his'death from kicks aud blows inflicted by Jolin
Canty.
A man giving his name a8 James Scullin was arrested
a in Jersey City, on suspicion of being John
last
anty.
THE PUBLIC HEALTH-YELLOW FEVER IN THB
<SOUTH
SULLA.
The Board of Health, at its meeting yester
day, referred to the Sanitary Committee the applieation
of the Weehawken Ferry Company and a Committee of
butchers for permission to transfer cattle across ‘Le
Hudson River in the day time during the Winter mouths,
and to keep them in pens at Forty-first-st. and Tenthe
ave. until nightfall, The Board decided, in view of th
fact that yellow fever is still raging in Charleston bly!
Key West, to proclaim those ports infected. All vessels
coming from those ports this mouth will be quarantined,
The following comparative statement of coulagious dis
ensns was submitted
Week Relans. Dirk: Smal)
mig Tonia Typhoid. Searlet, ing. Measles. theria. pox.
Ry. a, 76 0 4 9
a
IIL «wee AG Li ha Ww
Drudng the past week there were rezistered 478 deaths, being an exceny
of #7 uver the previous week, and of 75 over the corresponiiug week of
1070. Zymot'e diseases caused 124 deaths: const'tational, 131; local, 165
developments]. 34; and violent eauses, 24. Tne fatal eases of wal
declined from 6 to 2, and those of whooping-cough from 16 to 14. Measl
has occasioned no deachs within four weeks. During the past week the
deaths from seariativa rose from 8 to 16, those from trphoit fever from
6 to J, and those from dipbtleria and Sraepion 13to0 25. ‘I yphusifeves
caused death. Remittens fever caused 5 deaths, and intermittent fevey
2. /ecresse of 1 in each instavee. The mortality of diarrheal disensed
fell from 53 to 44. There were 04 deaths due to phtblicis pulmoualis,
increase of 21—and £2 to the joeal respiratory affections—a decrease o
15. Bright's disease produced 21 deaths, oy in the previous week
Cnicaco, Nov. 1.—=The Attorney-General. of
this State has commenced proceedings agairst the fol.
lowing insurance companies, upon an official statement
of the State Auditor, that the assets of tho companies
arn insnfictent to fustify thelr continuance in business
Assels Losses,
Chicago 70 Freemen’s. .$378,000 $7,000,000
Merchants’............. 900,000 6,000,000
Chicago Fire........... 400,000 3,000,000
GOrmanis. coves eesseser 260,000 1,600,000
Bate. .coescasecs sanness 800,000 3,000,000
HOMO. cooeesennnssrsssns 260,000 2,000,000
Mutual Security. A 511,000 1,800,000
Total........cennun $2,994,000 $24,200,000
THE PHILADELPHIA MUNICIPAL IRREGULARI
TIES,
PrirapeLeiiia, Nov. 1.—The efforts of the
Citizens’ Municipal Reform Association to have legal
proceedings instituted against the persons concerned in
the recent defalcation in the Treasurers’ Office hava
been successful. The District-Attorney has drawn biilg
of indictment against the ay Treasurer and Lis broker,
which have been returned by the Grand Jury as true,
and warrants have been issued for the arrest of the ac
cused, and will be served this afternoon. It is expected
that a SoATCIILE investigation by the courts into these
transactions will lead to developments that will shed a
flood of light on the manner in which the offices of the
city are managed

tt PI
LirrLE Rock, Ark., Nov. 1.—Some emigrants,
en route from Georgia to Texas, were passiug through
this city yesterday, accompanied by negroes “raised
with the family, and follo them to Texas matter
of choice, A Lh of dirs I negroes a the
Wagon, avg sind the RAtosy Noli Jet by force and
agains r testations, Gre dignation exists
among the whites here at the outrage.
a
rr I sn.
The United States steamer Richmond, from
Burope, arrived st the Philadelphia Navy-Yard yesterday.
Gov, Hoffman has changed the day fixed in his
Jecnesise fue Thanksgiving to the inst., to conform with that
....The steamer America left San Francisco for
Ching esterdul, carrying 10 sotuzaiag Chistes, and 13 anesonl numbed
of passengers,
The old banking-house of John Bime Co. o
San Francisco failed yesterday, the supposed cause being
stock operatives. Sime died ten days since
wii: Erastus F. Pierce, charged with the murder of
Sn ant orn sh Ge of te wd
Tr ier
y V oof.
tendont of the Olneinsall Chamber of Commares, vies
ge Neem farmer SD SS te
aiministration upon the estate of Joas. pre
(he boise. 105 in number, mostly reskients of NowJersey.
Major Thoms Don Stl 2
Cre gi or od oman rn 0 hl srk -i a
of billiards
i ot sri eben Bm 8. Gli rain A
oe CE Re
sad Sime Br Deter Kovomegh woo eo fia
Ju ii
A PATERSON TRAGEDY.
TITY COITOACO INSIUTBANCE COMPANIES,
AN ARKANBAS BTORY.
TELEGRAPHIC NOTEA
Dink: Smal):