lira; (Drtrans gkpubiicitn.
OFFICIAL JOUR NAL OF THE U NITED STATES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL *0F JEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY REPUBLICAN
published every day (Mondays excepted) at No
M Camp street. Terms: $16 a year; $3 for six
month* $4 for three months—payable invariably
IB advance. Single copies ten cents.
Rates of ASvertinlnc:
8 juarea.
1 mo.
2 mos.
3 mos.
6 mos.
12 mos.
Ou......
$12net
if 22 net
30 net
50 net
$75 net
Two.....
22
38
50
80
125
Three....
30
53
70
110
175
Poor.....
3B
67
90
UO
225
Five.....
46
80
ins
170
275
Kx.......
M
93
120
200
325
Seven.....
60
105
135
230
375
light____
65
115
150
260
420
Sine......
70
125
165
290
460
Ten____
75
135
180
320
500
Eleven
HO
145
195
350
540
Twelve..
85
155
210
380
580
Thirteen.
*un
165
220
410
620
Fourteen
95
175
230
430
660
Fifteen..
100
135
240 i
450 1
700
Thirty
175
330
450
750 1
1200
Monthly advertisements, Inserted every other
€at, to be charged two-thirds of the above rates.
(Second page monthly advertisements, each square,
SlOper mouth.
Transient advertisements, having the run of the
pftper, first insertion $1 SO per square; each subse
quent insertion seventy-five cents per square.
Second page transient advertisements, each inser
tion $1 50 per square.
Advert iscinent a inserted at intervals to be charged
OS new each insertion.
Secular advertisers, who advertise largely, will
be allowed such discount from above named tran
sient rates as may be agreed upon; provided, that
In no^&se shall such discount exceed twenty-Jive
nor cent.
AH business notices of advertisements to be
Charged twenty cents per line each insertion.
THE WEEKLY REPUBLICAN
published every Saturday morning, and contains
the news by telegraph, miscellaneous reading, edi
torials, local matters of general public interest,
Commercial and monetary reports, and everything
that app ears in flip Daily, except such items as are
Ilf little or no public moment. The WEEKLY RE
PUBLICAN is an excellent family paper, valuable
M well for instruction and am usement aa informa
tion on the current topics of the day.
Terme of Mibscrlitrioaf
One year, $5; six mouths, $2 50.
Advertisements.
Transient Advertisements same terms as in the
■ally. Monthly advertisements inserted for one
(•orth of the daily rates.
A liberal commission allowed to those who Bend
M clubs of five or more.
CITY COUNCIL—OFFICIAL
REGULAR MEETING—CONTINUED.
City Hall, Nrw Orlkans,
Thursday, December 28, 1871. 5
The Council reassembled after a recess at
noon td-day.
Present: Mayor Be^j. F. Flanders, presid
ing; Administrators Jolm Cockrem (Im
provements), Alfred Shaw (Public Ac
ounts), L. T. Delassize (.Waterworks and
Public Buildings), F. C. Remiek (Com
merce), James Lewis (Police), John S.
Walton (Finance), and II. Bonzano (Assess
ments).
Mr. Bonzano stating that the Administra
tor of Improvements had some amendments
to offer to the railroad ordinance as intro
duced on Tuesday last, moved a recess till
Hus evening at seven o'clock.
A motion to take a recess till to-morrow
at twelve, Aras linally carried, but before
the Council rose, Mr. Shaw introduced the
following ordinance:
Itesulrid. That wharf bonds at the rate of
ninety cents on the dollar be issued to tlie
following contractors, for reconstructing,
extending and repairing wharves:
Eager, Ellcrman Co., on accpunt of
work on first and second sections, as per
certificate No. 100 of the Department of Im
provements, for $35,000, equal, in bonds at
ninety cents on the dollar, to £38.888 89.
Michael Carvin, on account of work on
third and fourth sections, as per certificate
No. 101 of the Department of Improve
ments, for lid,000, equal, in bonds at ninety
cents on the dollar, to $10,006 07.
Unanimously adopted.
A correction of thirty dollars too little in
the amount appropriated for the Depart
ment of Assessments, for the mouth of- De
cember, and a reduction of ten dollars in
the appropriation for the Boys' House of
Refuge, were ordered.
The Council then took a recess till to
morrow.
II. .CONQUEST CLARICE,
Secretary.
Greeley's Last Expianniion of Ilis Po
sition.
Greeley writes the following letter to a
Mi ssouri editor w ho has nominated him for
the Presidency:
New York Tribune.
New Yoik, October 18,ljpl. 5
i\ Douan, Esq., Lexington, Missouri*
My Dear Sin—I have j ours of the four
teenth instant. I have no doubt that the
policy you suggest is that which your party
ought to adopt. They should have run
Salmon P. Chase in 1868. Then, as the re
suit ot that contest, tlie return of genuine
peace and thrift .would have been promoted
That policy gave you more last year iu
Missouri than could have beeu achieved by
a party triumph.
You only err as to tlie proper candidate
I am not the man you need. Y our party is
mostly tree trade, and I am a ferocious pr
tectionist. I have no doubt that 1 might 1
nominated and elected by your help; but it
would place us all in false positions. If I
who am adversely interested, can see this
I am sure your good sense will, on reflection
realize it. You must take some man lib
Gratz Brown, or Trumbull, or General Cox
(late Secretary of the Interior), and thus
help to paeily and reunite our country
anew. Toms,
HORACE GREELEY.
A Cow-ardly Sensation,
[From tlie Detroit Tribune.)
A cow was the cause of a most remark able
instance ot devastation a few nights since
Breaking into the yard of Sir. Lambcrf'i
dwelling, and putting her head into an
empty barrel in an exploring tour for any
contents it might have, she was-unable to
extricate herselt, and soon became thor
oughly frightened and began to rush w ildly
round. In this condition she forced her way
into the woodshed, and thence iuto the
kitchen, and thence into tlie diningroom of
the hoBse, becoming all the while more fu
rious. From this room she made her way
into the parlor, throwing down and tram
pling under foot everything that came in
her way. Mrs. Lambert aroused her hus
band, who arose and went for help. The
cow next rushed into tlie bedroom where
Mrs. Lambert, with a little baby and one
child, occupied a bed, aim another child was
in a crib in trout id it. Tlie enraged animal
mounted the bed, but help arrived, and not
an instant toosoou. The window' w T as raised
from the outside, and Mr. McKenzie at
tempted to enter, when the barrel gave him
a blow which knocked him hack against the
fence. The children were at last secured
and passed through the window, and Mrs.
Lambert soon followed. The door of the
bedroom was thru closed, and the cow was
left to herself. At last she became quiet
and the barrel fell from her head; the doors
were opened and she walked out. The fur
niture, which was very nice, is tearfully de
moralized. The plastering was knocked
from the walls, and the panels of the door
broken out.
Canton is the happiest looking city in
.China, and everywhere the people seem
ready for fun. Children are born iu the
boats and live all their lives in the boats,
and the mother ol them often rows or sculls
with a child strapped on her back. Upon
some of these children are tied bamboo
floats,-so that, if the darling tumbles over
hoard, it is easily fished up and in.
Eli Perkins, who is stirring New York in
the Commercial Adcerliscr, from his corner
in the Fifth Avenue Hotel, is M. I). Laudon,
one of the rising men of the time. He is a
natural born satirist, and knows a good
thing when he sees ic. lie knows also when
to seize it.
LAWS OP THE UNITED STATES.
Paused at the First Session of the F#rty
Secoad Congress.
[General Nature—No. 1.]
AN ACT relatin'? to moneys paid into tlie
courts of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled. That all
moneys in the registry of any court of the
United States, or in the bands or under the
control of any officer of such conrt. which
were recei ved in any cause pending or ad
judicated in such court, shall, within.thirty
<lays after the passage of this act, l»e de
posited witli the Treasurer, an assistant
treasurer, or a designated depositary of the
of the l uited States, in the name and to
the credit of sq^-h court. And all such
moneys wlrieli are hereafter paid into such
courts or received by the officers thereof
shall be forthwith deposited in like manner;
provided, that nothing herein shall be
construed to prevent the delivery ol anv
such money upon security, according to
nj#eement of parties under the direction of
the court.
Sec. *2. That no money deposited as afore
said shall he withdrawn except l»v order of
the judge or judges of said courts respect
ively, in term or in vacation, to be signed
by such judge or judges and to he entered
and certified of record by the clerk, and
every such order shall state the cause in or
on account of which it is drawn.
Sec. 3. That at each regular and stated
session of said courts the clerks thereof
shall present an account to said courts of
all moneys remainii g therein, or subject to
the order thereof, stating in detail in what
causes said moneys' are deposited and in
what causes payments have been made,
which account and the vouchers thereof
shall be filed in i curt.
Sec. '4. That if any.clerk or other 'officer
of a court of tlie United States shall de
posit any money belonging in the registry
of the court, in violation of this act, or
shall retain 'or convert any such money to
his own use, or to the use of anv other per
1 i.„ a.........i _____i ...I
son. he shall be deemed guilty of embezzle
ment, and, on conviction, shall be punished
by a fine of not less than five hundred dol
lars and not more than the amount em
bezzled, or by imprisonment for a term not
less than one year nor more than ten years,
or both, at llie discretion of the court.
Sec. 5. That if any person shall know
ingly receive from a clerk or other officer of
a court of the United States, any money
belonging in the registry of said court, as a
deposit, loan, or otherwise.in violation of
this act, lie shall lie deemed guilty of ein
liezzlement, and shall be punished as pro
vided in the last preceding section.
Sec. ti. That the act entitled "An act di
recting the disposition of money paid into
the courts of the United States." approved
Ajail eighteenth, eighteen hundred and
fourteen, and the act supplementary thereto,
approved March eighteenth, eighteen hun
dred and seventeen, be, and the same are
lierebv, repealed.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of f United States and
President of the S. ite.
Approved March 24, 1871.
U. S. GRANT.
[General Nature—No. O.j
AN ACT authorizing the President to nomi
nate R. II. Lamson a lieutenant in the
Upited States navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of tlie United States of
America in Congress assembled. Ttiat the
President of the United States be. and here
by is, authorized to nominate R. H. Lamson
a lieutenant in tlie United States navy.
Approved, March 27, 1871.
[General Nature—No. 3.]
iYX ACT to re-establish the office of sur
veyor at East port, Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America iu Congress assembled. That the
office of surveyor* at the port of Eastport,
fornn rlv existing by law-, and abolished by
the Secretary of the Treasury, be, and is
hereby re-established and created, and shall
herealter exist, subject to the same laws
and restrictions t!■ >„t appertained to flic
same before it was abolished: but it shall
hereafter be known as the office of surveyor
of Eastport and the district of Passaina
quoddy bay.
Approved, March 30. 1871.
[General Nature—No. 1]
AN ACT to amend ail act entitled "An act
to divide the State of Virginia into two
judicial districts."
Be it enacted by tlie Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled. That the
second clause of the sixth section ot the act
aforesaid, of which this act is an amend
ment, he amended as follows: "That the
clerk of the circuit or district court of the
eastern district of Virginia "sliajl transmit
the original papers and certified copies of
all orders in any suit or proceeding which
shall be removed for further proceedings
from tlie eastern to the western district of
Virginia, as authorized by the first clause of
the said sixth section of" the act aforesaid,
to the clerk of the court to which such suit
or proceeding shall be removed, together
with a statement of all costs: and all fur
ther proceedings shall he had iu tlie court
to which the same shall be removed, as if
the said suit or proceeding had originally
been commenced therein."
Approved, April 4. 1871.
[General Nature—N o. 5.j
AN ACT relating to the harbor at Buffalo,
New York.
Be it enacted bv tlie Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled. That the
Secretary of War be authorized, when in
liis judgment lie thinks it will he for the
interest of the United States, to extend or
continue the contract for the improvement
of the harbor at Buffalo, made and entered
into upon tlie twentieth day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved April lb, 1871"
[General Nature—No. 6.1
AN ACT to authorize the payment "C du
plicate checks of disbursing officers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled, That in
place of original checks issued for [tensions,
when lost, stolen or destroyed, disbursing
officers and agents of the United States are
hereby authorized, after the expiration of
six months from the date of such checks, to
issue duplicate cheeks, ami the Treasurer,
assistant treasurers and designated depos
itories of the United States are directed
to pay such cheeks, drawn in pur
suance of law by such officers or agents,
upon notice aud proof of tlie loss
ot original check or cheeks, under
such regulations iu regard to their issue
and payment, and upon the execution of
such bonds, with sun-ties, to indemnify the
United States, as tlie Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe: Provided, That
this act shall not apply to any check ex
celling in amount the sum of five hundred
dollars.
Approved April 19, 1871.
[General Nature—No. 7.]
AN ACT to uroato a port ol' del ivory at
Potomac, Virginia, and for other pur
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled. That all
the waters, shores, bays, harbors, creeks
md inlets on the. south side of the river
itomae, comprehended between Boyd's
Hole and Cockpit Point, now a part of'tlie
collection district of Tappahannock. Yir
"'a, be, and the same are hereby, annexed
the collection district of Alexandria
irginia.
_8ec. 2. That Potomac, in the State of
irginia, shall be. and is hereby, constituted
md created a port of delivery within tlie
dlection district of Alexandria, and there
liyil he appointed, at a compensation not
.weeding the rate of one thousand dollars
per annum, a deputy collector of customs,
to reside at said port, who shall perform
such duties as may lie conferred upon him,
in pursuance oi law. by the Secretary of the
Treasury,
Sec. 3. That all acts and parts of acts
establishing at Dumfries, in the collection
district of lappahuunock. irginia, a port

of delivery, be, and the same are hereby
repealed.
Approved, April 19, 1871.
[General Nature—No. 8.]
AN ACT for the restoration of Commander,
George A. Stevens, United States navy,
to the active from the retired list.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled, That the
President of the United States be. and is
hereby, authorized to nominate, and by ami
w ith the advice and consent of the Senate
appoint George A. Stevens to the active
list of the navy, with .the rank of lieutenant
commander.
Approved, April 19, 1871.
[Genral Nature—No. A]
AN ACT making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for tlie
service of tlie year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and
for additional appropriations for the ser
vice of the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled. That in
order to carry into effect the. provisions of
an act entitled "An act granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
eighteen hundred and twelve, and the
widows of deceased soldiers," approved
February fourteen, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one. there be. and is hereby, appro
priated. out of any moneys in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the pay
ment, during tlie remainder of the present
fiscal year, of two clerks of class three, four
clerks of class two, nineteen clerks of class
one.ami two assistant messengers in tlie IVn
siou Office, to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior, eight thousand two hundred
and sixty dollars: for office rent, turniture,
and contingent expenses of said office for the
same period, six thousand five hundred
dollars: and ior tie- payment, 'luring the
fiscal year ending June" thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two. of four clerks
of class three, eight" clerks of class two,
forty-eight clerks of class one, and three
assistant messengers in said office, to be ap
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior,
seventy-seven thousand three hundred and
sixty dollars: and for office relit, furniture,
stationery and contingent expenses of said
office during the said year, seven thousand
dollars: provided, that nothing in any act
contained >liall be construed to alter or
amend an act entitled "An act to define the
duties of pension agents and prescribe the
manner of paying pensions, and for other
purposes," approved July eighth, eighteen
■undred and seventy; hut" the provisions of
said act are hereby declared to lie in full
force and effect, and applicable to the pros
ecution of claims to pension, and to the
payment of pensions which may he allowed
under any or all tlie various acts of Con
gress granting tlie tame; and that so much
of the appropriation provided for in tlie act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex
penses ot the government for" the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two. approved March three,
eighteen hundred anil seventy-one, "to
be expended in the detection
and prosecution of crimes against the United
.States." as may, in the judgment of the At
torney General, lie necessary, may be used
during the current fiscal year.
That all books, records, papers, and docu
ments relative to transactions of or with
the late so-called government of the con
federate States, or the government of any
State lately in insurrection, now in the pos
session. or which may at any time come into
the possession of the government of the
l nited States, or of any department thereof,
may ne resorted to lor information by the
board of commissioners of claims created
by act approved March three, eighteen hun
dred and seventy-one. and copies thereof
duly certified by the officer having custody
ol the same, shall be treated with the like
force and effect of tlie original.
For the rebuilding of the Catholic orphan
asylum at Charleston, South Carolina,
twelve thousand dollars, in consideration
of the services rendered by the sist.-rs
<d Our Lady of Mercy, of Charleston,
South Carohua. to the sick and wounded
Union officers and soldiers, while said city
was under bombardment during the war.
Sec. 2. That there is hereby appropriated j
to pay the salary for the remainder of the j
present and for the next fiscal year, of the
Assistant Attorney General, authorized to
be appointed by the act of tlie last ses-icui
of Congress, six thousand five hundred and
twenty-five dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
Sec. 3. 1 tie following stated sums are
hereby appropriated for the purposes here
inafter expressed, viz:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for contingent expenses of the House ot
Representatives lor the present fiscal vear,
the same to be added to the appropriation
"for miscellaneous items," live thousand
dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropria
tions l,u* tin- service of tlie Independent
Treasury, for the fiscal year, as follows:
For clerks and messengers in the office of
the assistant treasurer at Baltimore, six
thousand seven hundred and sixty dollars.
Fur clerks and messengers in the office of
the depositary at Cincinnati, five thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For clerks and messengets in the office ot
the depositary at Chicago, oue thousand
hundred dollars.
For clerks and messengers in the office of
the depositary at Louisville, eight hundred
dollars.
For salary of the assistant treasurer at
New Orleans, to make liis compensation
four thousand live hundred dollars as pro
vided by existing laws, five hundHd dol
lars.
F'or contingent expenses under the act of
August sixth, eighteen hundred and fortv
six, foi^tlie collection, safe keeping, transfer
and disbursement of the public revenue,
titty thousand dollars: provided, that no
part of said sum shall be expended for
clerical services.
For sa|aries and expense of the direct fax
commissioners of South Carolina, and of
their clerk*, from July first, eighteen hun
dred and seventy, until the closing of their
office, three thousand five hundred dollars,
or s^ much thereof as mav be necessary.
For the support of the District of Colum
bia for the fiscal yeai ending June thirtv,
eighteen hundred and seventy two:
F'or salary of the governor of the District
of Columbia, three thousand dollars.
For salary ot tin* secretary of the District
oi Columbia, two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the members of the
council of tin* District of Columbia, four
thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation tin* lioard of public
works of tin* District of Columbia, tin
thousand dollars; provided, that no person
shall l>e entitled to draw a salary as a mem- I
her ot tlie board of public works who is I
[•aid a salary for tin- dicharge of the duties I
ot any other officer under the government
ot the United States; and said board shall
be held to be an existing board for all the
one
purposes specified in tin* "Act to to provide
i goveriiinci^for the District of Columbia."
from and utter the appointment and qualifi
cation ot tin* members thereof.
To enable the Secretary of tiie Interior to
purchase of Messrs. Little, Brown amt Com
pany tuo thousand copies of the .sixteenth
volume of the United States Statutes at
Large, for distribution agreeably to tin
acts of Congress directing the distribution
of the other volumes, seven thousand Hol
lars.
To pay William Hardin a balance due
him pintcr his contract for survi ving the
public lands in Nebraska, tfiroe thousand
six hundred dollars.
_ To supply a deficiency in the appropria
tion for clothing lor the Marine Corps tor
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, fifteen thousand
dollars.
F'or payment to the reporters of the Sen
ate and House lot* the Congressional Glohe
ot the usual additional compensation for
reporting the proceedings of' the tir*: si
sionoi the Fui tv-second Congress, five hun
dred dollars each, five thousand dollars.
To enable the President to carry out the
provisions ot the act of March third, eight
een hundred and seveutv-one, authorizing
him to prescribe rules and regulation* for
the admission of persons into the civil
service, and so forth, ten thousand dollar.*-.
For expenses of the Joint Select Com j
miitce nil Alleged Outrages in the Southern
States, the sum of thirty thousand dollars. I
and any unexpended balance of the appro-
priation for the select committee of the
Senate on the same subject slut!! be carried I
to the above appropriation in addition I
thereto, said sums to be carried for this
purpose to the contingent fund of the Sen
ate, and to be expended upon vouchers of
the chairman of said joint committee; pro
To pa
the man
Yreka. Ca
in Sail
F'ranc;
■sun.
lor
law in
said di
st li**
t, li v
dollars
or so
nun:
ii iIn:
Sec.
4. Tin
it in
a<bli'
author:
izeil by
the
eight*-!
II llMil*
hu«l
and
vided, that the sum ot nine thousand seven
hundred and thirty-five dollars and twenty
two rents, being an unexpended balance of
an appropriation by 'act vt March third',
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, "for pur
chase of building known as the Club House
at Charleston, South Carolina, and the fit
ting up thereot lor the use of the United
States courts," and having been, by exist
ing laws, covered into the treasury of the
l uited States, be anil the same is hereby
r<dfppropriate'd out of any money in tin
treasury, not otherwise appropriated, and
shall lie expended in accordance with the
provisions ot the act making the original
appropriation.
To supply a deficiency in tlie appropria
rion for tolding documents and materials
tor the House of Representatives, twenty
thousand dollars.
Senate of the United States: For lalior,
three thousand dollars: for clerks to com
mittees. pages, horses uud carryalls, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks in the
office ot the surveyor general of Minnesota,
employed upon work consequent upon the
special appropriation for the survey of the
public lands within the limits of tlie grant
to the Northern Pacific railroad, per act of
July tiiteentli, eighteen hundred and sev
enty. nine thousand two hundred dollars,
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundn d and seventy-two.
F'or eon pcnsution of the clerks in the
office of the surveyor general of California,
two thousand six hundred dollars, for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun
dred and seventy-otic.
V Dexter R. Crocker far carrying
from Canyonyilie, Oregon, to
iiotnia. iYom tlie twenty-fourth
of April to tin* ninth of November, eighteen
hundred and lifiy-tliree. otic thousand six
hundred and twenty-live dollars.
For payment of 8. R. Harlow, late mar
shal of the southern district of New Y'ork.
for exprn.-cs incurred in arresting one Mott,
violation of revenue
c hundred and fifty
•li of as may lie due.
tion to the clerkships
t approved May five,
sixty, the Secretary
of til*
lilt*
■rior
i.s
and eu.pow**
r«*il
to
clerks
ol cl
asa
one
Census
diice
tli:
:oe tt
the construction."
For ci-mph-rioti
hereby authorized
promote from the
employed iu the
be clerks ot class
four, seven to be clerks of class, three, and
fifteen to be clerks ot class two, and the
sum of sex u thousand six hundred dollars
is hercbywppropriatcd to pay the increased
salary: provided, that no increase in the
total number of clerks employed in said bu
reau shall be deemed to be authorized here
by: and provided further, that tlie authority
tor such additional clerkships of the second,
third and fourth class shall terminate oue
year from date.
For the [nit pose of carrying out the stipu
lations of the treaty of July twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, between
tlie United State*of America and liis Ma
jesty the King of the Belgians, providing
for the payment of interest in the matter of
the capitalization of the Scheldt dues, being
a deficiency in tiie appropriations for the
payment of tlie seventh annual installment
due the government of Belgium under said
treaty. April first, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one. and the eighth annual install
ment. due April first, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two. twelve thousand dollars, iu
coin, or so much thereof as mav be neces
sary.
For the completion of the customhouse at
Saint Paul. Miniie.*.#n. thirty-live thousand
"tie hundred and sixty-three dollars and
sixty-five cents, being the amount of a bal
ance of an appropriation for that building
now si aiming to its credit on the hooks of
the treasury, but unavailable under exist
That sl
ot
An
p r oprtatioiis
the goveriiin
June thirtv.
mi:
ft making a;
•xpe:
The fiscal y,
i bundled ai
ar
March three, eight*
one. be and hereby
out after the word
Turin. begun." the
rting in p
mting
seventy
ipproved
n huWlrod and seventy
iiin nded by striking
or customhouse. As
lfflftri
won
ompletion
-continuation
am
ui *if t
courthouse and

I


I
postoffieo 'mil.ling at In
thousand eight li indie.
Moines. Iowa, six
and tittv six dol
iiplop
iglitci
San.; ilollai s,
Mareb third,
nine, for tie- piuch.-i
tion thereon of a p<
building in bualn
twenty-five thou
1 by act approved
ixtv
•n bundled and
e 'if *ite. and the ere**
tortice and c-ourtliou-i
Nebraska, the sunn
and
being unexpended, i> hereby revav
reappropn.ited for said purpose.
8Ei 6. That any appropriations hereto
fore mad.* for any public works, buildings,
or grounds, for tin- year commencing Julv
first. eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
shall be available tor The current year:
provided, that no expenditure beyond the
several sums already appropriated shall
he authorized by this section. And that
the appropriation for the payment of the
salary and traveling expenses of a spe
cial agent of tlie Treasury Department, and
for the salaries ot all supervising inspec
tors. local inspectors, and clerks employed
in tiie administration of the steamboat in
spection laws, made under section first of
"An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of tin- government for the
year ending June, thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one." approved July fifteen,
eighteen hundred anil seventy, and still re
maining unexpended, shall be applicable,
as heretofore, to the payment of such sal
aries and expenses until sufficient revenue
shall accrue therefor under the provisions
ot auction sixty-six of "An act to provide
fertile better security *d life on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam.•mil for otln r purposes," approved
February twenty-eight, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one; the amount paid under
the provisions of this section to be reim
bursed to til** treasury out fit' tlie revenues
received under the provisions of said art of
February twenty-eight, eighteen hundred
and
and seventy-one.
And the appropriation -for the survey of
the bounda:y line between Idaho and Utah
Territories," contained in tin- act making
appropriations l'or sundry civil expenses of
the government lor tin- year ending June
thirty, eiglit-en hundred ami seventy-two,
and for other purposes, approved March
three, eighteen hundred ami seventy one, is
hereby made subject to present use."
Sec. 7. That the sum of twenty thousand
live hundred and twenty-three dollars, or
so mm-h thereof as may lie necessary, be,
and the same is herehy, appropriated to
)iay the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick,
provided for in joint resolution approved
February fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one.
Sei 8. That so much of the appropriation
for paying tie* expen-es ot taking the ninth
census of the i uited Mutes contained in the
act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the government for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seveilty-tw*o
eighteen hundred
may be necessary
current fiscal y-a
eighth section nj
adding after tie*
day" tlie words
Sec. 9. That th
thousand tin
dollars "for n
tion. furnishing machine!*
of the branch mint at Cat
in the act making appropri
lie appro
hundred
civil
11 uii< it
tie
at.
mri
tiding .film
I SC Veil tv-t
I Ma
ss. appr
hundred and seven
subject to present u
toved March third,
ami seventy-one, as
he used during the
i the proviso in the
act is amended by
"eight dollars per
ive ..f mileage."
cation of thirty
ami twenty-six
use* in tiie eree
and so forth,
i i ity. contained
•iatiou* tor sundry
ivernment for the
thirtieth, eighteen
and for other
*h third, eigiiteen
i- hereby made
Sec. 10. That the
Le
pro
mg a pier a
sections twelve
proved July f'ftei
sevi-ntv. entitled
Delaware.
ei"!i for build
lit!;.
"At
or sut
the
ami
attained iu
ecu oi the act ap
it-i-n hundred and
m i x:n g* appropri
p*-L-es of till* gov
112 Jam- thirtieth.
eiity-one. ami for
eminent for
eighteen hiiinlr<
other purposes." 6,.. and the same is
continued until June thirtieth, ti
bundled and seventy-two.
M*:> li. That there In* added to tl
eeila neon* item of the contingent limit of tl.„
I/oUSe 111 Representative* the sum of two
thousand five hundred and sixty-three dol
lars and thirty cents, oi **i much thereof as
may be tie •****.!ry ter i n* payment- of the
balance remain mg unpaid upon the accounts
ol witnesses who appeared before the sub
teiiy j
teen
j
niis- j
committee of the Committee of Elections of
the House of Representatives, charged
with the investigation, in the sum
nier ot eighteen hundred and sixty
nine, of the election in Louisiana in eight
een hundred and sixty-eight. And for two
thousand copies of Barclay's Digest, or
dered by resolution of the House of July
fourteen, eighteen hundred and seventy,
two thousand dollars: also for pages in tin
House of Representatives, one thousand
five hundred and forty-three dollars ami
fifty-nine cents. F'or the compensation ot
an assistant journal clerk iu the House of
Representatives lor the fiscal year endin
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy
two, twenty-five hundred and ninety-two
dollars. And for one thousand copies of
tlie "Constitution of the United States, with
the Rules of the Senate," compiled by Y\
Ham J. McDonald, under a resolution of the
Semite of March fourteen, eigiiteen hundred
and seventy-one, one thousand dollars. F'or
the payment of clerks of committees of tin
House, in accordance with the resolution
of the House of the tenth instant, two
thousand dollars.
Sec. 12. That the provisions of the
eleventh section of the agt approved
July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
venty. entitled "An net making ap
propriutions tor sundry civil expenses of
the government for the year ending Jun*
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy
one, and for other purposes." be. and here
by are extended so as to include such per
sons as were actually employed in the
States lately in insurrection, in connection
w ith the Treasury Department, as officers
of the United States during tlie year
•iglitei-n hundred and sixty-seven in
lection with tin- revenues of the govern
ment and an amount sufficient to carry
out the provisions of this section, not ex
iling fifteen thousand dollars, is hereby
ippropriated out of any money in the trea
sury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 13. That tlie following sum. or so
mm li thereof as may be neees-arv. l'oi* sub
ce for tlie fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
oi the Arapahoe, Cheyenne. Apache, Kiowa,
and Comanche Indians who have been col
lected and located upjm the reservation set
apart lor their use and occupation by the
treaties made with them in eighteen hun
dred ami sixty-seven, two hundred thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 14. That the Commissioner of the
General Land »t!':ee is hereby authorized
to approve tli** survey of the eastern bound
ary of Nevada, made by Isaac Fk James,
notwithstanding any departure from in
structions which, in the opinion of said
Commissioner, docs not materially impair
the accuracy of the work.
Sec. I.,. That the privileges of the act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and tor other purposed,*' approved July
fourteenth, eighteen hundred anil seventy,
he, and are hereby, extended to the port of
Detroit, in the State of Michigan.
Sec. 16. '1 hat any bona tide settler under
the homestead or pre-emption laws of the
l uited States, who has filed the proper ap
plication to enter, not to exceed oue quarter
section of the public lands in any district
land office, and who has been subsequently
appointed a registrar i>r receiver, may per
fect the title to the said land, under tlie pre
emption laws, by furnishing the proofs and
making the payments required by lav.*, to
the satisfaction of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
Sec. L. That from and after the passage
of this act all powers conferred upon certain
persons as commissioners. l>v the act ap
proved June twenty-!irst%.eighteen hundred
and seventy, for the improvement of M
street, northwest, and by the net approved
July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and sev
enty. tor the improvement of the Washing
ton City canal, shall be transferred to tlie
Board of Public Works of the
of Columbia and the persons acting
I as commissioners under said acts are
hereby directed to transfer to said board of
public works all books, papers, and other
I property in their possession pertaining to
the work* under their charge: and private
property shall he assessed fertile improve
ment of M street, and Seventh street south
west. from B street to the river, heretofore
authorized by law, as provided in tlie act of
February twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one. And in case said board
shall, under said act of July fifteenth, eight
een hundred and seventy, decide to open
said canal, they are hereby empowered to
open both its branches, so as to connect
with the government canal at tlie arsenal:
Provided. That the cost ot said work shall
not exceed the amount already fixed by
law for tlia* purpose.
That the sum of ten thousand dollars, or
so mm-h thereof as may he liecessarv. is
hereby appropriated for the purpose of re
pairing and relaying, where neeessarv. the
[lavement on Pennsylvania avenue from
Fifteenth street to the east side ol Rock
creek: Provided. That a like sum shall be
expended for the same purpose bv tlie
proper authorities of the District of
Columbia: And provided further, That
the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company shall in lik.* manner repair such
portion thereof as they are by their char
ter required to do: the work to he (lone un
der the siipervi-ion ot the Board of Public
oiks for the District of Columbia.
Ski*. 18. That to correct an error in the
enrollment of th" act approved March third,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, making
appropriation* for the naval service for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun
dred and seventy-two, and for other pur
poses, the same he amended as follows.
In section two. strike out all of the section
from and including the word "provided,"
where it first occurs, and insert in lieu
thereof the following: "And the Secretary
ot the Navy is authorized to invite, by pub
advertisement. [dans and specification* for
such dock, and to award to any person not
n the naval service, whose plans mav lie
adopted by the Navy Department, a" sum
not exceeding five thousand dollars. But
do plan shall he adopted until it shall first
receive the sanction of a board of not less
than live experienced officers, to be appoint
ed by the Secretary of the Navy, a majority
of whom shall he constructors and engineers,
and one of whom shall he an experienced
civil engineer: and it shall be the duty of
said hoard to consider all the plans and spe
cifications laid before it. whether the same
were prepared in the Navy Department or
by parties competing therewith.' and the
plans and specifications that shall lie adopt
ed shall tie open to the inspection of all per
sons who desire to become bidders, for at
least ninety days before the awarding of
said contract."
F'or three assistant observers at the Naval
Observatory, in addition to tlie sum appro
priated by the "Act making appropriations
fur tlie naval service for tlie year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy
two. and for otla r purposes," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and seventy
one. live hundred dollars.
Sec. 19. 1 hat so much of the proviso in
the act making appropriation* to supply* de
ficiencies, and so forth, approved April
twentieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
as limits the completion of the marine hos
pital building at Chicago. Illinois, to a sum
not exceeding three hundred thousand dol
lars. i* hereby repealed: and it shall be law
ful tor the proper authorities to expend the
money already appropriated lor continuing
money appropriated lor continuing
the work upon said building: Provided"
That no parr thereof shall be expended un
til plans and specifications shall have been
completed that will limit the cost of said
building to a sum. including all moneys al
ready expended. not exceeding three" hun
dred and fifty-nine thousand seven hundred
and seventy-nine dollars and thirty-four
20
fiir.t the Secretary of rhe Treas
on lie authorized to sell, fur" the best price
in cash that can be obtained, tlie marine
hospital building in the city of San F'ran
eiseo: and the proceeds of such sale, or so
mm-h thereof as may be necessary, shall lie
held and reserved as a fund lor" the, erec
tion ol a pavilion hospital on some govern
ment reservation in or near said 'city, if
Congress shall hereafter so determine.
'-K 21.-That there lie appropriated put
ot any money in the treasury not other
wise appropriated, twelve thousand dollars
t"i* the relict *d destitute aged persons in
the District ot Columbia, such sum to be
received and distributed by such officer or
association of persona in the District of Co
luuibia as the Secretary of War shall (lesi-*.
nate. and that a report of the ilistrilintiiiti
ot the money hereby appropriated shall he
made to Congress at its next session.
Sec. 22. That the Secretary of War
I* hereby authorized to furnish to
tlie National F'reedmen's Relief As
kitbm condemned clothing and bed
such there be on hand, not
din*.
a
needed bv the army, not exceeding five
thousand debars in value, for distribution
among the destitute aged persons above
mentioned.
Sec. 23. That the use of the buildings in
Armory square occupied by the quarter
masters departniant, if not needed lor the
public service, he granted, in the discretion
of the Secretary of War, to the assoeiatiot
above mentioned, for the purpose of en
abling it still further to relieve the destitute
persons above mentioned.
Skc 24. That the provisions m the act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses ol the government
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy one, and for other
purposes," for the erection ol a public
building in the city of Saint Louis, Missouri,
for the use of the customhouse and other
civil offices of the government of the United
States, shall he extended and made availa
ble for and during the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy
two.
Sec. 25. That the salary oi tfie consul at
Matainoras, Mexico, he established at two
thousend dollars per annum for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun
dred and seventy-one, and thereafter. _
That there he paid to the deputy ass-istant
treasurer in the office of the assistant treas
urer in the city of New Y'ork the sttni of six
hundred dollars, the same being a deficiency
his compensation for the present fiscal
year.
Sec. 26. That there he, and is hereby, ap
propriated, for increased compensation to
assistant marshals in taking tlie census ol
ighteen hundred and seventy, the sum ol
hive hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. 27. That for the purpose ot more ef
fectually seeming life and property on the
ast of New Jersey and Long Island for
the tiseal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred anil seventy-two, two hundred
thousand dollars, to he expended in aecord
inee with the provisions of the "Act for the
better preservation of life and property
from vessels shipwrecked on the coast of
the United States." approved December
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-tour,
uid that the Secretary of the Treasury lie
authorized to employ crews of experienced
surfmen at such stations and for such periods
is he may deem necessary and proper, aud
at such compensation as he may deem rea
sonable. not to exceed forty dollars per
month for each person to he employed.
That the jurisdiction conferred by the
joint resolution of June eigiiteen. eighteen
hundred and sixty-six. in regard to claims
from the counties of Berkeley and Jt fibr
in tlie State of West Virginia, and
by the joint resolution of July twenty
lit, eighteen hundred anil sixty six. in
:ai*d to claims from the Stale ol Ten
nessee, and by the .joint resolution of De
•liiher twenty-three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, as "amended by the act of March
three, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
in regard to steamboats and other vessels.
Lull not he withdrawn or impaired by any
(instruction of the law creating comiuis
iouers of claims to examine claims arising
States proclaimed to he in insurrection,
and tlie jurisdiction upon all claims [ire
seated by loyal citizens from said State of
Tennessee, and from said counties of Berke
ley and Jefferson, to tlie proper department
before the third of March, eighteen hun
dred and seventy-one, shall remain as be
fore the passage of said act creating said
commissioners of claims.
F'or covering the steam pipes in the Capi
1 1 with fire proof non-conducting felting,
eight thousand dollars.
Sec. 28. That there be, and is here
by. appropriated, to pay expenses
oi the legislative assembly of Wyoming
Territory, convened October, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and seventy, anil for
printing journals of said assembly, and in- I
cidental expenses of the office of secretarv i
xpcn.se
for the year eighteen hundred and seventy,
the sum of four thousand two hundred and
fifty dqlhu's.
Sec. 29. That three thousand dollars is ap
propriated. out of which such sum shall be
paid to John Thompson Mason, late col
lector ol the port of Baltimore, for services
rendered in the disbursement of the liglit
lious** fund, and tor services performed for
lighthouse purposes outside the limits of his
collection district, such sum as the Seera®irv
of the Treasury may find legally due and
owing to said party on ;tn adjustment of his
accounts by the Treasury Department.
Sec. 30. That the act approved January
the twenty-second, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, entitled "An act
to fix the times for the regular meetings of
Congress." be. and the same is hereby, re
pealed after tin* adjournment ol the present
*sion of iingn*
Approved. April 20, 1^71.
[General nature— No. I o.j
AN ACT to enforce the'provisions of the
lpurteeiith amendment to the constitu
tion of the United States, aud for other
purposes.
Bet it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of tlie United States of
America in Congress assembled. That anv
person who, under color of any law. statute,
ordinance, regulation, custom or usage of
any State, shall subject, or cause to be sub
[ei ted. any person within the jurisdiction
ol tlie United States to the deprivation of
any rights, privileges or immunities secured
by the constitution of the United States
shall, any such law. statute, ordinance!
regulation, custom or usage of the
State to the contrary notvvithstand
mg. be liable to the party injured ir
any action at law. suit in equity, or other
proper proceeding for redress, such pro
ceeding to be prosecuted in the several dis
trict or circuit courts of the United States,
with and subject to the same rights of ap
peal, review upon error, and other remedies
prov ided in like eases in such courts under
the provisions of tlie act of the ninth of
April, eighteen hundred and sixtv-six en
titled "An act to protect all persons iu the
l uited States iu their civil lights, and to
Inrmsli the means of their vindication-"
and the other remedial laws of the United
States which are in their nature applicable
m such cases.
Sei I
Sei I hat if two or more persons
within any State or Territory of the United
States shall conspire together to overthrow
or to put down, or to destroy bv force the
government of the United States, or to lew
war against the United States, or to oppose
by force the. authority ot tlie government
of the United States, or by force, intimida
tion, or threat, to ill-event", hinder, or delay
the execution of any law of the United
States; or by force to seize, take, or possess
any property of the United States contrary
to the authority thereof; or by* force, in
timidation, or threat to prevent any person
Horn accepting or holding any office" or trust
or place ot confidence under the United
States, or from discharging the duties there
of, or by force, intimidation, or threat to
induce any officer of the United States to
leave any State, district, or place where his
duties as such officer might lawfully be per
formed. or to injure him in his person or
property on account of his lawful
discharge of the duties of liis office,
r to injure liis person -while on
aged in the lawful discharge of the
duties of liis office, or to injure liis property
so as to molest, interrupt, hinder, or
impede him in the discharge of his official
duty, or by force, intimidation or threat
to deter any party* m* witness in any court
ot the United States from attending
null court, or iroin testifying in any mat
tel* [lending iu such court "l'uliv. freriv and
truthfully, or' to injure any such party or
v 1 Ia s kis person nr property on account
ol his having so attended or testified, or bv
lorce. intimidation or threat to influence
tlie v ci diet, presentment or indictment ot
any* [itror or grand juror in any- court of the
Lnited States, or to injure such juror in his
person or property on account of any ver
diet. presentment or indictment" law
limy assented to by him, or oil ac
emuit ot Ins being or Having been
sucb juror, or shall oonspire together or -*o
in disguise upon the public highway oruuon
the premises ot another for the purpose of
either directly or indirectly of depriving an v
person or any class of persons of tlie
'■qua protection of the laws or of e. nul
privileges or immunities under- 'the
uvvs, or for tlie purpose of preveut
lng or hindering the constituted au
thories of any State from giving or securin''
to all persons within such State the equal
protection of the laws, or shall conspire to
gether lor jjie purpose of iu any manner
imped in", hindering, obstructing or defeat
ing the due course of justice in any State or
.It'- tiw.'r '."V* lut, n t deny to any citizen
t!J* 10 1 c !l' 7 ,tatx s tl,L tl,u aud equal pro
tcctiou ot the laws, or to injure any person
J!''*!', I'!,! 01 r J"s property for lawfully en
forcing the right oi any person or class oi
i>£per
sons to the equal protection of the laws, or by
force, intimidation or threat to prevent any
citizen of the United States, lawfully entitled
to vote, from giving his support or advocacy
in a lawful manner toward or in favor of the
election of any lawfully qualified person as
an elector of President or Vice President of
the United States, or as a member of the
Congress of the United States, or to
injure any such citizen in his peyson or
property on account of such support or ad
vocacy. each and every person so offending
shall he deemed guilty of high egjme. and
upon conviction thereof in any district or
circuit court of the United States or
district or supreme court of any Territory
of the United States having jurisdiction ot
similar offenses, shall be punished hy a fine
uotless than five hundred nor more than
five thousand dollars, or by imprisonment
with or without hard lalior, as the court
may determine for a period of not less
than six months nor more than six years,
as the court may determine, or by both such
fine and imprisonment as the court shall
determine. And if any one or more
persons engaged in any such conspiracy
shall do, or cause to he done, any
act in furtherance of the object of such cori
-piraey, whereby any person shall he in
jured in liis person or property, or deprived
of having and exercising any right or privi
lege of a citizen of the United States, the
person so injured or deprived of such
and privileges may have aud maintain aa
action for the recovery of damages occa-
sioned by such injury or deprivation of
rights and privileges, against any one or
more of the persons engaged in such con
spiracy, such action to he prosecuted in the
proper district or circuit court of the United
.States, with and subject to the same rights
of appeal, review upon error and other
remedies provided in like case*, in such
courts, under the provisions of the act of
April ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
entitled "An act to protect all persons in
the United States in their civil rights, and
to furnish the means of their vindication.''
Sec. 3. That in all eases where insurrec
tion. domestic violence, unlawful combina
tions or con.*[iiracit>«m any State shall so
obstruct or hinder tlie execution of the laws
thereof aud of tlie United States as to de
prive any portion or class of the people
of such State ot any of the lights,
privileges or immunities or protection
named in the constitution aud se
cured by this act, and the constituted
authorities of such State shall either be un
able to protect, or shall from any cause fail
in or refuse protection of the people in such
rights, such facts shall he deemed a denial
by such State of the equal protection of the
laws, to which they are entitled under the
constitution of the United States: and in alL
such cases, or whenever any such insurrec-*
tiou, violence, unlawful combination or con
spiracy shall oppose or obstruct the laws of
the United States, or the due execution there
of, or impede or obstruct the due course of
justice under the same, it shall be lawful
for the President, aud it shall be bis duty,
to take such measures, hy the employn. *nr.
of'tlie militia, or the land and naval forces of
tlie United States, or of either, or by other
means, as lie may deem necessary, ior the ,1
suppression of such insurrection, domestic
violence or combinations: and any person
who shall be arrested under the provisions
of this and the preceding section, shall be
delivered to the marshal of the proper dis- i
trict, to be dealt with according to law.'
Sec. 4. That whenever in any St&te or
part of a State, tlie unlawful combina
tions. named in the preceding section of this
act, shall be organized and armed, and so
numerous'and powerful as to be able by i
violence to either overthrow or set at den*
ante the constituted giuthorities of such f
State aud ol the United States, within such
rate, or when the constituted authorities
I
i drt m eouijiheity with, or shall connive at
the unlawful purposes of such powerful and
armed combinations, and whenever by
reason of either or all of the causes aforesaid
the conviction ol such offenders and pre
scr\ atiou oi the public safety shall become
iu such district impracticable, in every such
case such combinations shall be deemed a re
bellion against the government of the United
.States, aud during the continuance of such
rebellion, and within the limits of the
district which shall he so under the sway
thereof, ,*uch limits to be prescribed bv*
proclamation, it shall he lawful
for the
President of the United States, when in his
judgment the public safety shall reuuireit
to suspend the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus, to the end that
such rebellion may he overthrown.
Provided, that ail the provisions of the
second section of an act entitled "an act
i elating to habeas corpus, and rcgulat*
ing judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred
atuQ sixty-three, which relate to the
i.isciiargc of prisoners other than prisoners'
ol war, and to the penalty for refusing to
obey the order of the court, shall he in full
tout* so tar as the same are applicable to
the provisions of this section. Provided
turtlier. that the President shall first have
made proclamation, as now provided by
law. commanding such insurgents to dis
perse: and provided also, that the provi
sion* ot this section shall not be in force
alter tye cud ot the next regular session of
Congress.
Shc.o. That no person shall he a grand
or petit juror in any court of the United
'ictes. upon any inquiry, hearing or trial ol
any suit, proceeding or prosecution based
upon or arising under the provisions of this
ait. w uo shall, in the judgment of the court,
a m complicity with anv such combination
or conspiracy: and every such juror shall,
a ore entering upon any such
-[■s.u an, such inquiry,
i niing. or trial, take anil subscribe au oath
n open court that lie lias never, directly or
ir oetl.y t counseled, advised or voluntarily
i a V* v 8nc i' combination or conspiracy;
t VVand every person who shall take
h u") 111 a *V Sla therein swear falsely,
h'-rt f-miity of perjury, and shall be sub
to ,ams and penalties declared
ti?.'. I? 1 crime- aud the first section of
e*iiis«« t ,t i t an a 1 1 defining additional
'"haiicnge. and prescribing au addi
Unitcd' 1 r gran 1 and petit jurors in the
sevemeontL US V ourts approved June
two 1 nt f-'b'htecn hundred and sixtv
two. be and tlie same is hereby re
ppealed.
inu'^nuu'-i l:it n v 1'erson or persons iiav
i...nc.a......Cuit any- qf the wrongs are
second*r° ,J0 and mentioned in tlie
con itt,.d n i° t US aet '"'arc about to be
aid in r Ul ha png power to prevent or
ref use s'o* t'i 1 T 111 t-' ^me. shall neglect or
be 1 coinmbtn! m 1 8,u h wrongful act shall
la* liable to t'l Su< 1 I N I s °n or persons shall
I Person
to
I Person injured, or bis legal
es f °r all damages caused by
iniy suck
by reasonable
ilaiua°es inay'be re' 6 ,ir, ventt 'd. and such
the case in the >n an action *m
j.n the proper circuit 1
United States Clrcuit e °nrt of th
persons .'uiitv' m l a v number of
ieet, or Sl,° f mav be "T
fendants in sHeh a* ti .finned as de
inay bo
am, provided that such
ono vear

rued; and if the de ni, 7i have ap
.i i... i nth ol any person shall
be caused byauysiu-l. wrongfiif ucfun.l neg
lect, the legal .'cp,*,::, n ;;rj;. ,la 1
lbr S, an!r nn'v e'"" haVC a «ch aclio^heSl
tlions 1 it reco ver n,,t exceeding live
bcnetit lf' tr 1 damages therein for tlie
n* if m l V 01 slu h deceased per
sons u any there lie, j(* t] .i
widow, tor the benefit of the next of kin oi
such deceased person.
Sec. That nothing herein contained shall t
lie construed to supercede or repeal any tor-
met- act or law except so far as tlie same" may
be repugnant thereto, and any offenses here
totore committed against tlie tenor of *mv
lormeract shall be prosecuted. amPany-
i(.cuing already commenced for tiie i.rose
ES h'T' 1 sl,al 1 ,0 minn od and e,.„i
1 t. Ithesameas 't this aet had not been
i.sse.I excepts,, tar as the provisions of
proceeding* 8Ustalu a, 'd validate such
Approved April 20, 1871.
[General Nature— No. 1 1
YN ACT for convening the next legislative
n enacted by the Senate and House of
A v atl V!' 3 of 11,0 United States of
America in CY
Longress assembled, That the
i". atUn ul l!u l Territory of New Mexico
!;,V a ml j. 1 8 hereby-, authorized to convene
on t he first Monday of December, A. D.
i een hundred and seveutv-one: and
f an fhvtion for tlie members of hot!
t sa "l Legislature be authorized
*.lrcrt lt on the day of the next gener
w under tllc existing laws of
Territory.
Appro ved April 20,1871.