Drteaas |Uput>Uan.
OFFICIAL JOUR NAL Of THE U NITED STATES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL *OF IEW ORLEANS
ROCK, LITTLE NEST.
Bock in the wind, little nn!:
Whan you are full, life U beat;
Soon enough winga will be grown,
Flutter, and leave you alone.
Rock in the wind, little neat;
bay, what are atonua to the bleat f
Though on ahonld tremble and AU1,
God caret for sparrows and all!
Rock, little neat; like a tong
All the aweet daya fleet along;
Winter will present 1» come,
.Making you vacant and dumb!
A DEAD-LOCK. AND ITS KEY.
"A note for you, ma'am. No answer."
I was resting in my own room, after rid
ing—it was six o'clock; too early to dress
for dinner, too late to dress twice after tak
ing off my habit—sleeping over a book, and
comfortable in my white dressing-gown. I
was bored by the interruption. The note
was no more than this:
"Dear Saleen: I must stay where I am,
and you must go by yonrtelf to the Les
't mind.
tiers'—yon won't mind. 1 saw Jack, and he
said there was no party, as it would be
troublesome with the wedding to-morrow,
-and the dining-room is given up to the
breakfast. I've sent back the brongbman.
Thine, FEED."
Fred is my brother, and was invited, like
myself, to time quietly with these Lesters,
whose pretty daughter was to be married
next day to a triend of ours—specially
Fred's and mine—Sir John March, com
monly called "Jack."
"What keeps Fred!" was my passing
thought; then I read a little longer, dresset,
and drove to Portman square. As I turnei i
the corner, I saw visible preparations and
signs of the morrow's wedding at the Les
ters' door. A cart with flowers was un
loading; an awning was being pat np over
the balcony and hall door; men in white
aprons came and went. As the brougham
drew np, I could see through the open
doefr the bustle and stir within. At home
in the house, I opened the diningroom door,
to see what progress was being made with
the tables. Several maid-servants and some
of the confectioner's men were arranging
the ornaments and flowers; the cake, with
its conventional erection, stood conspicuous.
My friends' maid was putting moss into the
flower baskets, and decorating the high
dishes containing the more durable part of
the feast. "Well, Barker," I was beginning
when 1 eanght the woman's eye. She was
doing her work with a strange gravity, and
her face was full of horror and pain. When
she saw me, she let fall the flowers in her
hand.
"O, ma'am! O, Miss Sarah! you've
come."
"Of course, I've come," I answered.
"What is the matter
"You haven't seen them, ma'am, have
yoa
"Seen whot The ladies? No; I came
straight in here to look at the tables. Is
there anything wrong I suppose we're
to dine in the library for to-day? Bow
nice it all looks!"
"Nice! O, ma'am, it's a mockery, its
awful! To see it all and to go on as if—as
if—O, Lord!" and the woman sat down and
rooked herself to and fro, with the tears
running down her face.
I was thoroughly alarmed now. "Barker,
is there anything wrong Is any one ill or
dead Don't frighten me like this. I'll go
and see them if you won't speak oat," and
I went to the door. I just saw that Barker
had descended to the floor, and that her
head was on the chair, which she clutched,
sobbing aloud.
I met the butler and another man cross
ing the hail, both with scared, solemn faees,
ana went on to the morning-room on the
same floor. There all looked much as
usual. The pride of the house and of my
friends' rather valuable collection of an
tiquities stood facing the door—a huge
cabinet, with massive clamped doors and
richly cut brass work— ciscle as only genuine
brass work of old times can be; euriouslv
inlaid wood work; marvelous locks, which
no one but its owner understo.id and no
one else dared meddle with. It was a very
old friend, the great armoir playing with
the children of the house in my own child
hood, I knew it, inside and outside, by
heart. A mystery and a wonder then—an
interest later—always a thing to admire
.and wonder at even now.
It had three doors. The centre one, about
four feet wide, and certainly six inches
thick, shut in another, which again enclosed,
with a space of about eight inches of waste
room, a set of six drawers, of different sizes,
and a sort of cupboard above them. We
used to stand as little children between the
drawers and the inner door, and wonder,
supposmg we were shut in whether we could
breathe long in that narrow enclosure, or
be heard by any one without, supposing—
•awful thought!—we were forgotten, or the
outer door were shut. I remember thinking
of it in bed at night, as nervous children
will think ot such things, till I was cold
with horror. Both these two doors shut
with a catch which was not a lock; but we
children were forbidden ever to open or
shot them, except when Mr. Lester was
present. It was doubtful if anyone else
knew how to open them, for no one ever
tried. The two sidedoors opened with cu
rious keys, which stood in the locks, chained
to the armoir. They were valuables in them
selves. The great key of the centre door,
worth a hundred pounds or more, was con
sidered too sacred for common eyes, and
lay in a velvet-lined case in Mr. Lester's
own keeping, brought out only occasionally
to show to those who could appreciate such
things.
It stood there iu the summer twilight
looming darkly in the quiet room, darker
than the rest ot the bouse, as back rooms in
London often are chilly, it seemed to me,
i n m tllin wbite <,reM coming from the
hall full of sunset light. Turning to leave
the room, I saw a man lying prone on Lis
face upon a sofa: so still, and so straight,
and so strange in his attitude, that I coaid
only stare fora minute, and wonder whether
be was asleep or dead. His hands were
over his eare, grasping his hair, as if in
pain; anu I noticed the soles of bis boots
turned quite up, as one notics trifles in the
midst of alarm or bewilderment. The nails
in his boots showed he was not dressed for
dinner. His hatfl was lying on the floor on
its side. His lace I could not 6ee: but I
knew it was Jack March, and I touched his
arm in wonder.
k ',25?/ OU i. a 7 ak ?l you asleep?
What is it?" I asked with growing alarm.
Was I to find something strange in every
room I entered in this houge? "Jack?"!
said again. He turned, and I saw his wild
haggard face, that looked at me with vague
eyes that seemed not to see; and then he
put his head down with a moan, and cov
ered his ears once more, as it to shut out
sight and sound. The room felt darker and
chillier for this silent figure; and the gaunt
old armoir seemed bigger and more oppres
sive. I ran out of the room in a sort of
panic. Up stairf the drawing-room door
stood open. The glow of the sunset was
over the room, bright with flowers and pic
tures, and the open windows showed the
balconies lined with red .cloth, and ready
for the guests next day. Silence here, and
silent figures, two of them—one crouched
upon the floor, with arms outstretched upon
a sofa; another lying half across nn otto
man—the bride's mother and sister. As I
name in and spoke, now fairly bewildered
and frightened, Mrs. Lester rose up with a
despairing wail.
"Saleen, Saleen She stood shaking and
crying out my name.
"Dear Mrs. Lester," I said, taking the
poor woman's cold hands, "come and sit
itell me what has happened.
Kate" I called to the girl on the floor,
come and give me that cushion." She
came, mechanically, and helped beg mother
tbe rn hair. "Now, tell mo, if you
Mrs. Lester's head had fallen
back upon the cushion, and she hud fainted.
The girl roused herself.
"No wonder," she said: "aha In.
nothing all day; and then all this. ItTtoS
awfid, Saleen. I shall go mad if I think
and papa has never come back!"
"Where is your father
"I don't know. We sent down to the
4lnh and to the house they can't find him
And we've searched his room, and it's not
there. It's nowhere. And Jack is nearlv
wild; and we daren't break it open." J
"Itl What, child? Can't you say what
you are talking about? I shall
next. What can't you find?
you all?"
"Saleen, it'o Mary. Mary is in there, and
the key is gone, and papa is away, and she
dying there— suffocating." And the girl
flung herself on the floor with wild sobs
and tears. Mrs. Lester lay forgotten in her
swoon. Kate rolled in ana vailing misery
on the carpet. I fled down stairs. The
servants were as busy as ever. I knew it
all now.
"Good God!" I said to the butler, who
was carrying in a tray of glass, "are you
going on with all this useless folly, and
that girl dying in the next room? Is
one going to try to save her
Davis stood atill, and looked at me pity
ingly; he shook his head sadly, and went on.
I rushed into the street; a policeman s
standing near the carts. "Come here, 1
said. "You (to another man) go and get a
blacksmith. Ron for your life! Tell him to
bring tools to open locks and unscrew
everything; run. And yon get a hatchet;
get anything; come and break open the
great cabinet," I gasped to the servants,
who came oat to see what it all meant.
"Don't lose a moment. Great heaven! the
time has been lost already!" They obeyed
me, dispersing hither and thither. It seemed
hours before the men came back with tools.
"Try the hinges first. Are there screws i"
There was that chapce. and they worked at
them, removing several heavy, carious nails
and screws, but seeming no nearer to the
object; the door was fast and firm. "Oh,
break it down!" I screamed at last; "break
it with the hatehet. What does anything
matter, but her life—her life!"
Her life!" said some strange voice close
to me, and there stood Jaek March, swaying
eyes ana
like a drunken man, with scared eyes
wild hair. "Was bis reason gone or go?
"Don't!" he shouted to a workman,
was lifting the hatchet to break in the door.
"Not up there. Her head." And then he
stooped bis ear to the keyhole, listened in
tently a minute, raised his hand as if to de
mand silence, and the intelligence fading
out of his face, he rose with a discordant
laugh, and walked away. "Bah!" he said,
"her life against Lester's cabinet—her life
against a key." We did not even look
round to see where he went stumbling
through the hall, where he fell in a fit upon
the floor.
Fearing to injure that imprisoned figure
(living. or dead, who could tell we left
the ddbr and proceeded to break into the
middle compartment from the wings. The
grand old workmanship resisted; there
seemed no weak point, no crevice, no possi
bility of breaking into the huge thing
without fear of harm to that which it held
locked and fast, within a few inches of our
light and air and living life, done to death
by a bit of clever machinery, the werk of a
dead hand. I would not think of the beau
tiful Mary Lester as she might be—must
be—if another hour went by. All this time
no questions were asked. I never knew till
afterward how it had happened; how her
father, only an hour or so earlier, exhibit
ing his wonderful cabinet to a connoisseur
in such matters, had gone upstairs with his
friend to show the key he prized so much,
leaving the cabinet door open, intending to
return; how Mary and the children, a
younger brother and sister, had come in;
and how the unusual sight of the open door
had attracted them; how she looked in, and
told the little ones she had not stood inside
it "so" since she was as little as they were:
and, laughing, tried to stand in the old
place.
"I am not too big even nor, am I? she
said, and the children ran to see, and, posh
ing the doors against her, the spring caught
and shut her in with deatb ana suffocation,
while they went shooting to the others that
sister Mary was "in there shut np," and
they couldn't let her out."
No, they could not let her out Mr. Les
ter and his friend bad gone off with the
key, to show it to some one who had
doubted its date—so it appeared Irom one
of the boys who now came in: be had heard
them talking on the stairs as they went
He said: 'Jarvis knows nothing about it;
he has never seen it,' said the boy, sobbing.
I heard him. I know he said Jarvis."
"That will be Colonel Jarvis, in Charles
street, ma'am," said Davis. "Maybe if we
sent there—."
There were voices outside, and Barker
looked in with a white face of horror.
"It's master coming iu," she said, in a
sort of whisper.
We all stood back. Who would tell him?
Who was to say: Your girl is behind that
immovable door
But the boy, frightened enough at his
father at other times, went up to him, tir
ing to speak quietly: "The key, sir. Quick,
for God's sake!"
"Key! What—what's all this Good
God! sir,'' seizing a servant bv the collar,
and flinging him to one side like a cat, "do
you know what you're doing, meddling with
that cabinet Why, it's worth thousands!
God bless me! what does all this mean
He was purple with anger. "Don't stand
staring. Sarah Heriot," he thundered,
"you are not a fool; be good enough to ex
plain this—this—"
I went up to him, sick with horror. "The
key is wanted," 1 managed to say. "There
is some one inside—dying."
"Some one—dying—in there! Who
Wliat! Who is it, girl?" He shook me
by the shoulder till I winced with pain.
"Oh, the key, the key! Never mind any
thing else, sir. Only open it, quick, and
lose no nioie time."
He looked sharply around—Mrs. Lester
and Kate were standing at the door, with
their terrified, miserable faces. He took in
the rest of us with a glance.
"Where's Mary he said, suddenly. No
one spoke. "Why the devil don't vou
answer me Who is shut in there How
could any one be there Trash But his
face was growing ashy gray, and his lips
whitened as he s[K>ke. "Ah, my God! I
never shut the door! It is not alary, not
my girl that's—." He pointed, with a
shaking hand, to the heavy door. "And—I
haven't the—key!
lie made one rush into the street; the ser
vants standing about were swept right and
left, as he tore past them, down Orchard
street into Oxford street. They could see
the batless, fleeing figure disappearing in
the distance.
Mrs. Lester came into the hall. The Doc
tor and others were busy about poor Jack
March, who lay on the diningroom sofa with
closed eyes, happily unconscious. The timid
mistress of the house stood by tbe staircase,
her lace, ber voice, her whole appearance
changed and aged in the last hour.
He has gone for the key; he can't be
back." she said, speaking like a woman in a
dream, "not for half an hour." She looked
round stupidly, and smiled. He will kill
me, you know; but the cabinet shall be
broken open—broken to pieces! Never mind.
Fancy waiting for the key!" she laughed.
Break it down, I tell yon I give the or
der. Do you hear me?"
Two workmen came from the side door,
where a fresh and useless attempt had been
made to remove the panel without injury
to the front or to the imprisoned girL
"We might loosen the wood work and
strike it out mnm, and go on taking out
screws same time."
"Do it."
Sharp blows upon chisels now, and sev
eralscrews removed from locks and hinges.
st "k e at the hinges with the hatchet,"
came Mrs. Lester's altered voice, hard and
wirey, usually ra low and hesitating. "Cut
them through. It can be done—it shall."
They struck with a will The hatchet
£l?!^KiL pre ed to the weakest part and
heavy blows from a mallet upon that. The
hatchet edge was turned, and a dint made.
Some of the work
but no more.
c Cu t through the panel," suggested Kate.
"Surely wooacan be broken."
It's all lined with iron, mum," said Da
But we might
vis; "it's as good as a safe.
Three telling blows. The room suddenlv
darkened, a chill sough of wind from the
window, and the door swung to with a He
Every one looked round. A growl of dis
tant thunder, and a faint flash of lightning
accounted for it the next moment. More
blows, and a long, ominous roll, and the
lightning playing across the great armoir;
then an avalanche of rain and hail—all
strange and incongruous on this fine eve
ning. The room was nearly dark. One of
the men spoke: "Is there a step-ladder in
the house?" It was brought. "I'll try tbe
top, with your leave, ma'am. Ah, if I had
a ught now!" He was gives a taper from
the library table. "Bill"—to his companion
—"look here; hold tbe light, and keep a
hand on the side." He lifted the hatchet,
and gave a swinging blow—another—an
clap of thunder,
awful cli
i aad the next flash
showed every white face to the other.
Quidt stops in the hall, and the door Hang
wide; a wild, wot figure threw the key
among ns, and fell ina heap upon the floor,
With a wr
___wrench the man on the ladder tore
off the upper moulding, and half the roof of
tho armoir. Mrs. Lester took up the key.
fiunbled with the lock, let it fell with a
shriek. Barker eaughtit from her, put it
in, and.turned it.
"Open it," she whispered to one of the
men; "I can't." She turned away, sick
with dread.
It was opened, showing nothing bat tho
terrible inner door, whose spring was only
known to the master, lying senseless on the
floor.
"Take off more here," one of-the men
shouted; "it will give air till'the door's got
open."
Good thought. They worked savagely.
Mrs. Lester was on her knees by her hus
band. "Oh, get brandy! Get him to speak;
he could tell ufi how!" They did what
they could. "William! Oh, speak to me!
How can I open it—the spring—the inner
door
The white lips moved, and the head, with
A lie Willie lips Uiuvcu. aim iuo ucaui
its dripping hair, rolled to one side, bat no
sound came. The men worked wildly now.
All thought of sparing the beautiful front
and brass work was forgotten. They tore
and hammered at the inner door, whose
smooth, polished surface presented no crev
ice or joint where to strike first—where to
insert a chisel or direct a blow. As they
worked, consciousness returned to Mr. Les
ter; he half sat up, supporting himself
against the door, bnt no words came, though
bis lips moved, and his eyes looked with
intense eagerness at the destruction of his
precious armoir. He lifted his bead and
looked mutely at his wife. She pat her
head down to hie lips. "What is it 1"
What shall I tell them to do?" He beat
his hand upon the floor.
Kate sprung forward. "I know! I know
Strike on the floor at tbe foot of the inner
door. Oh, I remember, it was there."
Davis felt with bis hand all along the
polished surface of the lowest shelf. "Here,
press here; give me a hammer lie felt a
slight rise, and struek gradually all about
tbe spot Kate showed nim. A deafening
clap of thunder and a flash, blinding us for
the moment, and we all crowded close, and
then came a creak, drowned in the awful
thunder.
"It's open," said one of thn men.
Kate slid to the door, twisting my dress
about her head.
Davis turned from the d,oor. "I daren't
look." he said. "Do you," to the car
penter's man, "open it gently."
Barker stretched forward, turned round,
tried to say something, and burst out cry
ing.
I can't see," said the man, with a
strange, thick voice. "Bring the light,
some one."
For ten awful seconds there was silence
in the dim room, then a erv, and a heavy
fall.
Saleen," said a voice close to me, "do
you know it's a quarter past seven, and yon
are due at the Lesters 1 at half-past; and
not even dressed. Here's your book fallen
down."
I had been asleep over an hour.
If I felt like a conspirator at the Lesters'
S leasant dinner, it is not surprising; bat 1
id not mention my dream.
Traveling Iu the West.
I recall an adventure with a night clerk
once in a Western town. I retired, leaving
directions to be called for tne express,
which came along at three o'clock in the
morning. It was important that I shouldn't
miss the train, and with tbe idea weighing
upon my mind, 1 couldn't sleep much.
Waking suddenly from a doze, I consulted
my watch and founa it was nearly three
o'clock. I dressed hurriedlv, and going
below, found the night clerk asleep, with
his feet upon the stove and a half consumed
cigar in his mouth. I shook him, and the
following dialogue ensued:
Traveler "Won't the omnibus be here
soon
Clerk (gaspingfearfully): "Wha' om'bus?"
Traveler: "Why, the omnibus for the
Eastern express."
Clerk: "No oin'bus (gap) ran that train."
Traveler (growing excited at the prospect
of being lett): "How far is it to the de
pot!"
Clerk (lazily striking a match to relight
his cigar): "'Bout a mile."
Traveler: "Well, call up the porter, and
send him down with my baggage, and i'll
walk. Come, no time to lose."
Clerk: "Por'er won't get up. He goes to
bed for keeps."
Traveler (dancing around with nervous
excitement): "How am I to get that train,
then
Clerk (a long gap): 'amfino."
Traveler (diplomacy necessarv): "Would
half a dollar induce you to go down to the
depot with me and carrv my baggage
Clerk (springing to His feet with great
alacrity): "Certainly, sir, I will light a lan
tern and jog right along."
The depot was a mile from town, a lonely
place, with no other building near. No
friendly light glimmering from its win
dows, the agent probably enjoying his ne
cessary five hours sleep.
"Good bye," said tbe night clerk, as he
received bis half dollar, and was about to
return, leaving me to watch out in the cold
for the train.
"See here," said I, "is this train usually
on time
"Hardly ever known to be on time," re
plied the night clerk. "Three or four hours
behind sometimes."
Here was a pleasant prospect for me
alone at that desolate depot of a dark,
wintry night. I was fearful of robbers,
too. 1 hadn't much money; but how could
the robbers be expected to* know that.
"Can't you stay with me until the train
comes I pleaded.
*T can't do it, boss (gaping again). "Mnst
get back to the hotel (gap). Good night
(another gap); take good care of yourself,
old man.'
"What can I do if the train don't stop
(Gaping fiercer than ever) "Damfino."
Visions of robbers filled inv
my mind as the
lantern receded, and 1 yelled, "Would half
a dollar induce you to stop until the train
comes
"Certainly," cried the night clerk, cheer
ily, stooping his gaps as he came back on
the run. For once the train was on time,
so he was not long delayed. It halted but
a second; I jumped on the platform with
my baggage, the train started, and the night
clerk yelled, "Here, you! Where's my half
dollar
And the voice ot the traveler came wafted
back as he gaped "Damfino."
Homes for the Millloa.
Boston has an association of workingmen
whose objects are worthy of imitation, the
design being chiefly to secure for its mem
bers cheap houses on a sort of co-operative
plan. They propose, according to a state
ment of Mr. Josiah Quincy, who is at the
head of the association, to build fifty houses
of a better class, which, if erected singly,
would cost $2000 each
t $2000 each, or $100,000; or if
contracted for together $75,000 for the whole
fifty. Of this, each member pays down
$200, or $10,000 in the aggregate, reducing
the amount required on mortgages to $65,
000, or about two-thirds of the value of the
houses if erected singly, assuming that the
money is obtained at seven per cent inter
est, and that interest is received on the
deposits. This is Mr. Quincy's plan reduced
to a few words: At the end of seven years—
the owners meanwhile poying at the rate at
$260 per year rent—the entire indebtedness
would be cleared off, and a surplus left to
the credit of the association of $13,267.
One of our California papers tells this
good story of the results of the recent elec
tion in that State:
Ou the morning after the late election, in
Chico, some of the Democrats wore terribly
long faces as the result came flashing over
the telegraph wires. Democrat who lives
a few miles from town, and who, by the
**7t ^*s one of tbe most earnest Demo
crats who was not afraid to smell powder
ur defense of the South daring tho rebol
h°n, came into town, and was told of the
E iiii ie 3ri5 0 J? 1 P*?/' He immediately re
'Tlmt is nothing; I rose every morn
ig for four years during the war and heard
that Mother remarked
to him that be waa disgusted with tbe re
t0 ootsnd emigrate.
™,7S?^_5?5,« otor the sharp
T w h T 7 y P *W red the *°now
tul one. Well, replied oar Democratic
#Hw,d ha f "•bout the only plaee where
yon will find a Democratic majority."
MASONIC FACETLK
The following is taken from the corres
pondence report of Thomas J. Corson, of
New Jersey, a very eminent Mason, and
well versed particularly in all matters rela
tive to the Knights Templar and Boyal
Arch branches. It is descriptive of the
banquet or supper given by the
Mary Commander/ of Philadelphia to
the Grand Encampment of the United
States, shortly after the recent
triennial convocation at Baltimore, aad
aad will show that the severe restraint of
the Lodge may be thrown off on such occa
sions. At it has already appeared in some of
tbe leading Masonic journals, and there is
none in this city especially devoted to the
royal art, wo think it will gratify the nu
merous Masonic readers of our paper:
The assemblage was large and was graced
by tbe presence of ladies, as all Masonic
banquets should be. The iadies were there
as guests, not as spectators, and sat down
with ns, right by our side—and he's a
mighty poor Templar who cannot get a lady
to sit by his side.
The toast to "woman" was responded to
by Sir James H. Hopkins, of Pennsvlvania,
and we regret to say that the newspaper
report does great injustice to his beautiful
speech. We sat next to this "eloquent ora
tor of the West," and we will endeavor to
give some of the gems which fell from his
inspired lips. With quaking knees and
tremulous voice be thus spoke:
"Mr. Most Eminent President, dear sis
ters, beloved brethren, and you other fel
lows: Woman is an institution—she is a
great institution. Without her, where
would you be, sir Where .would 1 be
Where would any other man be From
early infancy to decrepid age, woman is our
guardian angel—our protector—our joy—
•nr delight—our—oh, 'you know how it is
vourselt.' The learned Biaekstone, whose
humble disciple I am, saitb of her—
'Fee simple and simple fee.
With all the fees entail.
Are nothing when compared to thee,
Thou best of fees, fe-male.'
[Applause.] She is the source of all the
wit, wisdom, eloquence and virtue which
the world possesses. With her, man can
accomplish miracles—without her. he is
powerless. She originates ideas, we exe
cute them. Who first started a salt mine?
Why, Lot's wife, and wasn't she a woman)
Wasn't Joel a good carpenter when she
'nailed' Sisera? Who can estimate her
power—that mighty power to which we all
so willingly yield obedience) Wasn't Eve
a woman) And didn't she engage in the
fruit business, even before she wore panta
lettes? And hasn't Dr. Creigh proved, by
ancient documents that the first who
struck oil' in the great State of Pennsyl
vania were the five 'wise virgins' who
filled their lamps before they started to
attend tbe marriage feast? And dare we
doubt that they were women? Ain't Snsan
B. Anthonv. and Victoria Woodhull, and
Theodore Tilton, women) And ain't they
the great reformers ot the age? What man
in the annals of fame has ever achieved
greatness unless he had a woman for a wife
or a mother? Sine femina nulla fama. saith
the classic poet.
"If it wasn't for woman, who would take
care of our babies 1 Who would starch our
collars or darn our stockings i Who would
tie our cravats or part our back hair In
fact, I don't believe we could get along
without her, at all, at all—do you She is
a queen whose power is absolute. We are
bound in captivity to her, and our slavery
is so complete that we love to hug the chains
that bind us. When she punishes us. don't
we like to kiss the hand that smites us
How beautifully does the poet thus describe
the influence which she exerts over the rug
ged nature of man:
ged nature man:
'A wernte iu our hours of ease,
Uncertain, cor. and hard to please.
But aeen too oft. familiar with her face.
We first endure, then pity, then embrace.
(Applause, cheers, waving of handker
chiefs—hi! hi! hi! and several "tigers.")
Here the orator sank exhausted to the
floor. Horror-stricken, we rushed to him:
we shouldered his limp form and bore him
to his hotel, where restoratives were ap
plied. After consciousness had partly re
turned, we
''Put him in bi9 little heS,
And smoothed the pillow for his head."
After having disposed of Sir James, we
returned to the banquet.
We took our seal sadly and sorrowfully,
when a sound struck our ear which seemed
somewhat familiar to us. Could it be Yes.
it was even so. Sir Joseph P. Hornor. of
Louisiana, was speaking again. With
frenzied eye and frantic gesture, he was
spouting away like a "right whale." We
have often pitied "poor Robinson Crusoe."
because be could not "hear tbe sweet music
of speech," but no one can complaiff of that
affliction when Hornor is in the neighbor
hood. On the slightest provocation Joseph
is ever ready to "rise to explain." Be it fu
neral or wedding, installation or institution,
banquet or reception, the sweet tones of his
persuasive tongue can be beard. His sup
ply ot wind is so inexhaustible that when
at last
Silence, like a poultice, conies
To heal the blows of sound,"
we devoutly return thanks that all is over.
Fortunately, the guests began to depart,
tbe lights were turned down, and thus ended
Sir Joseph's harangue.
The Capture of New Orleans.
[From the Grand Army Journal.]
Gideon HI files' promised article, entitled
"Admiral Farragut and New Orleans, with
an account of the Origin and Command ot
the First Three Naval Expeditious of the
War." appears in the Galaxy for November.
It opens with a review of the condition of
the country at the commencement of the
rebellion, touches upon the results with
which the election of Lincoln was pregnant,
and enlarges somewhat upon the gigantic
energy necessary to enforce a blockade of
three thousand five hundred miles in ex
tent, to seeuie which a navy had to be im
provised, and the energies'and abilities of
the nation taxed and called out with a
rapidity never before equaled in the history
of civilization.
While speaking of the magnitude of the
work of preparation to be accomplished by
tbe government, Mr. Welles does not fail
to do justice to the foresight and energy
of Mr. Welles, who, seeing that the rebel
lion was no mere impulsive outbreak, took
his measures accordingly, and assumed the
responsibility of immediately ordering,
without law and without appropriations
the construction of over thirty naval
steamers, none of which could be completed
within six months from the attack on
Sumter, and long after the terms ot the
seventy-five thousand men had expired,
which many supposed would close the in
surrection.
The wisdom of this action was proved by
after events, although at that time both "at
home and abroad the blockade was pro
nounced an impossibility." But through
the untiring energy of our Navy Depart
ment, seeming impossibilities became estab
lished facts, and the naval victory at Hat
teras Inlet is referred to by Mr. Welles as
one of tbe first fruits of the tireless efficiency
of the department of which be was then the
head.
Then follows a history of the more im
portant expedition to Port Royal under Ad
miral DuPont, with an account of the pur
pose of the expedition, the secresy main
tained in regard to its object and destina
tion, and the final result of the same.
As this expedition moved out upon its
mission, even before it had left Hampton
Roads, "the attention of the department,"
says the author, "was intently directed to
New Orleans." Then follows a history of
the plan of attack npon that point finally
agreed upon; the difficulties that had to be
met npon its first inception; the different
views of leading military and naval officers
in regard to the feasibility of tbe various
plans of attack suggested; the difficulties
to be encountered by land and sea, and the
obstacles to he overcome; tbe advantages
that would accrue to the whole country, and
especially to the great Northwest, from the
uninterrupted navigation of the Mississippi
and tbe occupation of New Orleans, that
great depot of reception for tbe immense
stores of the broad valley and the country
lying beyond the Mississippi.
The importance of the New Orleans ex
pedition is fully appreciated and commented
upon, and the circumstances that led to the
selection of Admiral (then captain) Far
ragut are all laidbefore tho reader,-and a
just and glowing tribute is paid to the un
selfish devotion, tbeearaeot. resolute daring,
the courage and unflinching patriotism of
the noble Admiral, whose memory will en
dure in the hearts of his countrymen as
long as tbe dear old flag shall wave over
the laad which he so fearlessly defended.
CHICAGO NOTES.
What I Saw la the Baraod District.
[From tbe Grand Bayids (Rich.) Eagle
I tell only what saw aad heard and
thought of. Tne connection may be new.
The north side is thickly sprinkled already
with one story frame shanties, and many
are daily piing up. On the south side the
rubbish is so heavy as to prevent such
buildings except on grounds before unoc
cupied. These shanties are vety low. It is
a good thing to ho low. Humility is the
trne basis of greatness, and not splendor
and brag. This applies to cities as well as
to men. No work of men deserves boast
ing—especially if it be done with other peo
ple's money. Wherever, too, there was low,
piV B UlUUtJj UBIBI Nfff IUU| IliClv WU IUW. I
damp ground. I saw grass and vegetables
as green as if no lire had been over ft. Fire
as green as if no fire had been over it. Fire
and destruction strike at the top and shun
the ground. It is better, therefore, to keep
near the ground, or we may stand in peril
of falling there.
It is said that a large part of the burned
were people who were drank on the fatal
Sunday night, or else engaged in worse
things, which equally put men's faculties to
sleep. It is said in Chicago that many of
the policemen of tbe city were drunk when
the fire broke out. Drunkenness i« an evil
which is worse than fire. Fire and death
are some of its milder results.
While on the street I heard a boy shout,
as if he was announcing an extra halr-lioli
day: "The schoolhonse is all on fire! the
schoolhouse is all on fire!" I turned the
corner, and everybody was running, and all
eyes were wild with alarm. A tub of water
pat out a dash of fire in the building. But
the engines were driven in at doable speed,
with steam up. the alarm bell struck, and
everybody said, nervously, "Where is the
fire People in Chicago are now alert on
the subject of fire. People in Grand Rapids
are not. They make boys' play of grave
matters. It is better to be scared than to
burn.
Speaking of boys, it was tonching to see
little fellows playing marbles in the bar
racks of the burnt out, just as if the whole
distress was a play spell to them. It was
amusing, also, as I went along a crowded
street, to see a boy throating a piece of lath
np through a knot hole in the sidewalk, and
turning round to see if he could trip up
somebody. Boys, fire and mischief are
what you call "fun." But fun to you is
sometimes death to us older frogs.
The insurance companies now foot up
their losses at about $40,000,000. Such a
sum as that threatens the safety even of the
best companies. It is nearly half tteir
capital. Every dollar owned by them must
now do a double duty, and take nearly a
double risk. Their stockholders must now
pocket their losses and pay back a part of
their dividends to raise np their capital to a
safe basis. Most of their premiums, if not
all. will go for the same purpose, for a year
to come. Higher rates will now only
hasten the time when they can safely se
cure all their risks and pay dividends.
No decent or just man ought to ask in
surance men to do business without a profit
equal to the average of other good business,
which is all they have had. At any rate,
business men will not engage in insurance
when they can not do fairly for their trusts,
and gain a surplus for extraordinary fires.
It is simple madness and wickedness to say
that large tires will not occur for many
years. The rest of Chicago will burn eren
more easily than what has gone, with a right
direction of the strong prevailing winds
which blow there. Tne people of many
cities, including ours, are simply blind and
reckless in regard to such dangers. If they
choose to remain so, they are most incon
siderate to demand that other men shall
[•ay the cost of their heedlessness. Least
of all should they ask men of insurance to
endanger the insurance of more careful
people for the sake of giving careless people
rates below safety.
Alas, bow many chnrches are left penni
less by these fires In one case every one
of eight hundred members was burned out.
In another, church, business and homes
went out and up in a flash. A thousand
channels of good are thus stopped iu their
running. 3fore than twenty pulpits will
stop telling that truth weekly to men, mad
for gain or show, which sheds a few drops
of coolness on their heads. I hope the
loving and the just will at least pray for
these poor churches.
A classmate of mine, a well-known law
yer of Chicago, and of very precise cut,
was escaping from the fire* with his wife
and children. They had gone some dis
tance, and he remembered something valua
ble. Like a good husband, he hastened
back into the burning district, entered bis
bouse, plunged into his chamber and saved
the supposed precious bag. Patiently he
lugged it five miles, like -Eneas with
Anchisos on his back. Arriving, be threw
down with an air of triumph, at his
wife's feet. She opened it, and found that
he had saved the family rag-bag. They
found it very useful in patching up for the
winter. I
Qaeea Vieteria's Husband.
[From the Philadelphia Press.]
Prince Albert made his wife very happy,
and his own temperament must have been
equal and well balanced to secure the wed

aed happiness which made this royal
couple exemplars of all that was adrnira
and •nri.i.i, 11 ft, i»
ble and enviable in domestic life. It would
appear from Victoria's own statement in
"The Early Years of Prince Albert," and
her introduction to the speeches and ad
dresses published as his, though generally
attributed to the pen ot Dr. Lyon Playfair
that Albert's ascendancy over bis wife,
unusually exercised with'great discretion,
arose trom the natural leaning of the
weaker on the stronger mind. Occasional
caprices of temper and hasty ebullitions of
anger he may have had to endure, but bis
wite relied upon bim very much for coun
sel. He was rather cold and formal in
manner, which was as much the effect of
his isolated position as of temperament, and
therefore was not warmly regarded by the
aristocracy. With the people, however, he
was a favorite, and would have been still
more so but for the general impression that
he was not to say economic, but miserly in
his accumulation of money—parting with a
five pound note, it was said, as if it were a
drop of his blood. It has been stated, in
extenuation of his saving habits, that he
waa filled with apprehension of the over
throw of the monarchy, even in his own
time, and therefore laid by, as Dr. Franklin
advised, a century earlier, for "a rainy
day." At bis death it was found that his
accumulated wealth amounted to $5,000,000,
which was the nucleus of the large fortune,
now thrice as much in amount, possessed
by Victoria.
Lewenboeck tells us of an insect seen
with.the microscope of which twenty nine
millions would equal a mite. Insects of
various kinds may be seen iu the cavities
ot a grain of sand. Mold is a forest of
beautiful trees, with the branches, leaves
and fruit. Butterflies are fully feathered.
Hairs are hollow tubes. The surface of
our bodies is covered with scales like a fish;
a single grain of sand would cover one hun
<fred ana fifty ot these scales, and yet a
single scale covers two hundred pores.
Through these narrow openings the sweat
forces itself like water through a sieve.
Tbe mites make five hundred steps a sec
ond. Each drop of stagnant water con
tains a world of animatedbeings, swimming
with as much liberty as whales in the sea.
Each leaf has a colony of insects grazing on
it like cows on a meadow. Moral: Have
some care as to the air you breathe, the food
you eat and the water you drink.
Here's yer nice roost chick'n," cried an
old colored man, as the cars stopped at a
Virginia railroad station. "Here's yer
roast chick'n 'n taters. all nice and hot,"
holding his plate aloft and walking tbe
platform. "Where did yon get that chicken,
uncle asks a passenger. Uncle looks nt
the intrader sharply, and then turns away,
crying, "Here's yer nice roast chick'n,
gent'm'n, all hot; needn't go into de house
tor dot." "Where did you get that chicken?"
repeats the inquisitive passenger. "Look-a
yer!" says ancle, sneaking privately, "Is
you from de Nort?" "Yes. "Is you a
friend of cnllnd man?" "I hope I am."
"Den, don't you nebber ask me whar I got
dot cbick'n. Here's yer niee roost chick'n,
•U hot."
THE STORY OF A RING.
One of the Rom anc e s of the War.
[From the Kaaaas City Timet. 1
In the year 1861, a young man, then
living a few miles from this city, went into
the Missouri State gnard as a soldier. At
Springfield, and on the reorganization of
this branch of the army, he took service
as a confederate. Afterward he joined a
company of Colonel Up. Hays' regiment,
battle of Lone
and participated in tl
Jaek.
Before leaving borne, however, his mother
gave him an old-fashioned gold ring, which
had a heart upon it, ana the letters "B.
S." engraved upon this heart. She placed
it on her son's hand with a wish, or, rather.
a prayer, that he might go through the war
safely back to his home
safely, and get
g ytm.
It is not known that either the ring or the
prayer acted as a charm, but the yon
man went unharmed through many bloody
fights, being hit in bnt one of them, the
wound then proving to be only a mere
scratch.
I V_ I Qfj I AL a waikiw ommoi a a f_ W
fJL^'cUrEsvSfe TexaS Darina
*P®
delirium attendant upon it, and whOe he
was tossing to and fro, the ring slipped from
his finger and was lost. The closest search
failed to find it, and it was given up for
g ood. There waited upon the young man,
owever, a very pretty and amiable girl,
who seemed to be sorry when he got well
enough to rejoin his commend. When he
left, he laughingly told her that if she
would find his ring, and he lived, he wonld
come back and marry her. If this promise
was made at first with any degree of sin
cerity, it was soon forgotten in the excite
ment and care of a soldier's life, and only at
rare intervals, perhaps, did be recall the
sick room and tne ministering angel.
When the war was over, the yotwg man
man returned to his father's farm in Jack
son county, and went to work in good ear
nest. Two years ago his mother died, and
once more the loss of tbe ring came back to
him with redoubled sorrow. He determined
to write to the lady who had nursed him,
and to inquire of her whether she was mar
ried or not, and whether she had ever seen
or heard anything of the present his mother
had made him.
The letter was written in Angust, 1869,
and, in March, 1970, what was his surprise
to receive an answer from the identical girl
he bad left in 1864, and to whom he Had
made a light promise of marriage. She was
still single, she said, and waiting for him.
And what was stranger still, only five days
before she wrote, she had found the lost
ring. The manner of finding it was as fol
lows: The father of the young lady had de
termined to make some repairs in tne house,
which repairs necessitated the taking np of
W.® 1
the floor of the room iu which the soldier
had been sick. After doing this, and while
digging away some rubbish beneath, the
workmen came upon the ring. It had
slipped through a crack in the floor, and
had been lying there, *safe and sound, for
nearly five long years. The lady took pos
a *a®y lo P**"
session ot it at once, and wrote immediately
to its owner, as we have stated above
Perhaps she looked upon its recovery as an
omen, and perhaps it was. At any rate it
was a little romantic with all its attending
The correspondence thus commenced, or
rather, renewed, was continued with nn
ever increasing ardor on the part of the
gentleman, until, in the end, he made a new
and impetuous offer of marriage. Without
that tbe story would be incomplete. Last
week, with money in his pocket, a good
home in Jackson county, ana a great happi
ness in his heart, this young soldier—now
somewhat older and more settled and se
date—started tor Clarksville, Texas, the
home of his betrothed. Who can doubt of
the result! He will remain there probably
a month, and return again to Missouri witn
his bride. When he does, we promise to
give his name. Until then it is impossible,
for the condition of secrecy was attached to
the information before we could obtain it.
The circumstances, however, are just as we
have narrated them in every particular, and
furnish another to the long list of romantic
incidents that have grown out of the war.
The Way to Attract Immigrants,
[From the Sugar-Bowl.]
The tenant system, by which the planters
secure to workmen the full reward of their
labor, by giving them a portion of the crop,
Will certainly greatly benefit our country;
but while that is a step in the right direc
tion. it does not go far enough.
White families desiring to locate in a new
country will be delighted to hear that such
advantages are offered, bnt unless they
have assurances that they can purchase
lands, as soon as they are able, they will be
slow to embrace the proffered opportuni
ties, fearing that nothing better in the
future was iu store for them.
Those planters who, like Mr. Aruns Sor
rel, of Cypremort, in the parish of St.
Mary, not only furnish team, seed, houses,
etc., to commence, but offer to sell land, on
easy terms, to the settler, fully compre
hend the wants of the immigrants, and
they will be the first to profit by increased
population.
overcome any prejudice which may
exist against the tenant system in the
minds ot poor white men who wish to locate
among us as agriculturists, planters should
offer to give the use of their idle lands, rent
free, for a term of years, allowing the set
tiers to purchase as soon as able. Such a
course ou the part of our large land-holders
would enhance the value of their property
a hundred per cent in a remarkably short
j
tune, and by thus increasing our popula
tion, not only give a new impetus to busi
ness of all kinds, but secure to all addi-1
tioual educational and religious advan
tages, as well as providing os all with
greater and improved means of transporta
tion.
Our country, it is universally admitted,
possesses many advantages over the North
west^ where the tide of emigration so
steadily flows: our soil is more productive,
climate laore mild and healthful, and mar
kets for products more accessible; and all
that is necessary to secure a just proportion
of these hardy aad prosperous people is to
offer them advantages equal to those found
in the West.
We sincerely hope that planters in each
neighborhood or parish, who are willing to
give the tree use of their lands for a term of
years, or to sell on easy terms, will hold
public meetings, and so express themselves
that it may be known to the whole world.
Nothing would give us greater pleasure
than to publish such generous offers.
After one of John Randolph's peculiar
speeches, which he interlnrdea with copious
quotations in Latin and Greek, Kremer
ruse, and in a strain of well acted indigna
tion, poured forth a torrent of Pennsylva
nia German upon the head of tbe amazed
and startled Randolph. His violent gesti
culations, his loud anu boisterous tones, his
defiant manner, were not more annoying to
the imperious Southerner than the fact that
he could not understand a word that was
spoken. And when honest George took his
seat, covered with perspiration, Randolph
rose and begged the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania to enlighten the House
and the country by translating what he had
just uttered. Kremer retorted as follows:
"I have only to say in reply to my friend
from Virginia, that when be* translates tbe
dead languages, which he is constantly
using for the benefit of ns country mem
bers, into something like English. I will be
equally liberal in translating my living
Penmnivama Dutch into something that
the House can understand." The laugh
was completely against Randolph.— For
ney't Recollections.
Woodhull <t Clad in'* Weekly says:
'Fast women and fast horses" are said to
a mainanriur: of nolitical mhiuu.. ...i
SscauTy^^Vh^t °l??"«5 a L ^be^nd
matters the way the
money goes? If the man had not been at
heart a corrupt knave, who wanted onlv
chance and oppurtnnity, he would not have
jumped at the bait of self-indulgence. The
fast horse will go till he drops, the last
woman will as likely as not self herself for
the reckless politician; the politician sells
tne none, the woman and the community to
the highest bidder, all for himself.
Probably but tew persons are aware of
the fact that Indians still exist in the State
of New i ork as a distinct tribe. The Onon
dagas live on a reservation of twelve thou
ac JJ"' in beautiful valley near Syra
cuse. Thu tribe never had more than five
bandied members, and it is now nearly four
handled strong. The Indians are consider
ably advanced in morals and civilization,
•nd support two flourishing churches.
JANAUSCHEK. AND lAxnra
Tho Thro Moot to a Parlor la R-—
City-How Thoj Talk.
Wo Nave road tho A t c hi son Patriot for
many months, not with tbe expectation of
finding anything in it, but to make the
I assurance that came over ns on first tearing
D ff the wrapper that there was nothing in
i* donblv sure. In ti™*, as this asanranm
was so made from dnjZ day withthewg
ularity of clock work, we had come to

regard it tbe champion worthless poper of
tho world. This only shows how people
may be deceived. Thera is a latent talent
somewhere about the offieo which broke
bounds the other night, and got off tbe fol
lowing good things. We apologise for out
former conclusions:
Jananschek is all the way from old Ger
many, and Lander is all the way from
Brijannia. The one has learned -to atop the
Teutonic accent, the other has revolution
ized the letter "h," and talks "American"
te perfection.
They both met in Kansas City on Satur
day night. Jana use hek was doing Marie
I U*J aMJCUIi* wDUDHOWWR **DO
I Stoart at Coates'opera house,
These two uueens met in a
_______, _ quiet parlor
and had a talk. Jananschek made tne fol
lowing advance:
"Ah? bow you vas, nohow, all der
while V'
Loader, smiling, replied:
"'Appy has ha big sunflower. Hi ham
delighted to see yon."
"Ah! yon vaa F
"Yaw/' first Dutch for Lander.
The ice was broken and the two em
braced.
Sit down, mr dear, aad let ns have a
little talk," said Jananschek, laughing.
Hi'll take a glass hof hale, my dear, if
yon will not hobject."
Jananschek smiled ahd ordered the
hale," calling out to the bell boy, "Here,
▼on little fellow, and bring me zvei glass
lager beer."
"Why, Janauschek!" said Lander, throw
her bands.
HIT Lander!" replied tbe queen of
agedy, "I had a big boose to-night, and
in afford it."
Loader: Why yon didn't get tipsy over
it
Jananschek: What wonld people say if
they knew how we carried on off tbe stage.
Lander: Don't speak of it, the very wails
have ears.
Janaushek: That's a pan from Pack, my
dear.
Lander: As you will. I say. Jananschek,
confound that jawbreaker of a name that
you have. Why don't you get a divorce and
change it; but I say there's a fellow here
i. Hunks I'm young. Haba,
struck after me.
ain't it ftmny?
Jananschek: That's nothing. Lander; the

local of the Journal of Common* has been
crazy ever since I came here. I sent him a
basket of peanuts, and ke swallowed shells
and all. I say, Lander, ain't it fanny to be
an actress?
Lander: Wejl, sometimes, when yon have
an appreciative audience; bnt don't ever go
M j 0 horrible! 8
Jananschek: Horrible I
Lander Yes, indeed. Why, don't you
think they sent me wood to read for the
benefit of Chicago! The idea! After I had
lost all my clothes there, too. I guess Chi
cago didn't help mo much. Avoid it, my
Dutch girl, and go to Cincinnati.
Jananschek: Cincinnati? Pshaw! And
get my pay in sausages and spare-ribs! Not
any, it you please.
Lander: Then go to LeaVenworth.
Janauschek: No, I thank vou. I don't'
play for funerals.
Lander: Atchison is a very nice place.
Jananschek: Yee (theatrically). Such
life. I have heard. Such beautiful hills
and romantic dolls. Yes, I'd like to go
there.
Lander: Yes, Janaus—(confound that
name anyhow), and such lovely men.
Jananschek: Men)
Lander: Yee! Ob, the noblest men you
ever saw. They come upon the stage and
turn on the gas for yon, and stand Behind
the scenes and start the—ah—the sensation
for you.
for you.
Janauschek: So?
Lander: Yaw!
Janauschek: Now you are making fun of
me.
Lander: No, I haint.
Janauschek: And you don't like St. Jo
Lander: No. Why, they wanted me to
stay there and give a reading for the benefit
of their bridge—ha, ha, ha! Rich!
Janauschek: Well, I declare, who said
that?
Lander: "Back."
Janauschek: You call him Buck for
short?
Lander Yes, Shakesperean name in full.
Janauschek: Oh—Help—Oh—look a there
—catch me (She falls.)
Lander Look a where—Oh, Janaus—
Dutchman—Dutch girl—ay—what on earth
is tbe matter
Janauschek: Why, why—there's a man
under the bed: oh, dear, we are ruined,
Lauder, ruined forever!
Lander: Let's faint and give him a chance
to get out.
Janauschek: Well said—here goes.
They both tumble over—paregorically
speaking, and the man under the Bed turn
bles out. meets the bell boy on the steps
with tbe lager and "hale,"* knocks him
down, drinks the drinks and disappears,

Tableau.
Dragging.
A writer in tbe London Standard de
scribed a "most successful mode of drug
ging in use over the American continent,
which produces loos ot strength and torpor,
and which, in the case of death resulting,
defies the most acute medical analysis." He
was himself once a victim of this, drugging.
of so-called brandy,
He drank one mouthful of_______
and in ten minutes after he became giddy,
lost the use of his limbe, and then conscious
ness, and did not recover for seven hours
sufficiently to enable him to walk. He sub
sequently got acquainted with a man who
baa been employed at a New York vault to
enact the part of a drugger, and this re
spectable, and no doubt reliable individual,
explained the drugging process. Part of s
bottle of any liquid is decanted and the
space filled up by tobacco smoke, expelled
from a clay pine, well impregnated with
nicotine. The Dottle is then well shaken
and filled np again with the portion befoie
taken out. It is then left to stand for a
week or so, but if left standing before us
for a fortnight death will be the result of
drinking.
In one of the Ohio towns a citizen had
rendered himself obnoxious to the rest of
the community, so he was placed in tbe
hands of a vigilance committee for treat
ment. The chairman of the committee
made the following report: "We took the
thief down to the river, made a hole in tbe
ice and proceeded to dnek him, but he
slipped through our hands and hid nnder
the ice. All our efforts to entice him out
failed, and he has now retained his point of
advantage some hours."
People who are somewhat behind the
scenes tell os that a few bandies of cigar-
ettea are indispensable in the ladies' dress
ing-room at a properly conducted party.
"Can these things ber'—and yet its won
derful to see with what airy grace and deli
cate precision a yonng girl will manage a
cigarette, pnffing the azure smoke from her
rosy lips without a -cough or a wink, ana
"positively the first time she ever did such
thing in her life."
France has always been the land of
suicide, and, according to the Libtrte the
crime has greatly increased of late years.
A yonng man was found the other day
dead in nis bed, stabbed by a pair of scis
sors which had been left behind by the
voang lady who did not^ requite his love.
scissors remained plunged into his
body, and attached to them was a paper
inscribed "Marguerite." This is quite
Dumas fil* "situation."
A Louisville wife wishing to get rid of her
husband at short notice, sent nim into tne
cellar with a kerosene lamp for a pKc"«
of cider. She gave him just time to get wo
lamp in one hand and the cider in the otner,
and then shouted "murder." She bad cal
culated well. The doomed men *P ru "8
the steps, the lamp fell, and—the woman
was free.
Careful observers in Europe and the
United States, says a recent writer, express
the conviction tnat the time is at bana
when the first aerial voyage, as diatin
gnished from aerial drifting in balloons, will
be accomplished.