im rritkiMiir.il evert mokxixu
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
At M* per year, if paid Mrictly In advane*
OllicmiNc, 75 Ccnti per Month.
?bt £p|j,
ESTABLISHED JUf.T, 1710.
IS PUBLISHED FRIDAY MORNING
At #3 per Annum.
.1 n. 11AL19WIN co., Proprietor*
NO. 04 MAIN STREET.
col on ester Jhiln Spn.
CITY NEWS.
The democratic county convention will assem
ble in Horticultural hall this forenoon.
Albert N. Chase and baar Fiske were drawn
ns jurors last evening to attend the present term
of court.
The first social assembly of the Fifth Light
Battery will take place at Horticultural hall
next Thursday evening.
The decision of the commissioners on the lo
cation of the Cnioti passenger depot has been
filed in the supreme court, and favors the loca
tion east of Grafton street.
The republican caucuses to choose delegates
to attend the representative conventions, in
which this city is interested, arc to be held next
Friday evening.
Michael Connors was fished up on Front street
last evening, drunk and bleeding with a large
bunch on his right eve of the description known
by the “ring” as a “French root.” Mike said
he was satisfied and had no complaint or ex
planation to make; and yet, he didn’t look like
a happy man as he was led into captivity.
The city hospital, as temporarily fitted up in
the old Bigelow house on Front street, was in
spected last evening by the members of the city
council, and met the hearty approval of that
body. Its buds, baths, and other appliances for
such eases as arc weekly coming up were
thoroughly examined and discussed.
The advertisement in another column of a
small sum of money lost calls attention to a
story of real suffering. The loser is a poor
woman whose poverty is not the worst of her
domestic troubles. The money was all she had
in the world; was earned by hard work, a id wa>
required for the immediate necessities of herself
and children. Somebody must have found that
money and will, of course, take the first oppor
tunity to return it.
Mrs. Charles Moulton, one of the most gifted
and worthy of America’s singers, will give a con
cert in this city Nov. 3 1, when she will have the
assistance of Wehli, the famous pianist and that
of Brookhoose Bowler, t .mor, and Signor Fer
ranti, baritone, both of whom have sung in Wor
cester, meeting with great and well deserved
success.
City Mortality.—The number of deaths in
Worcester during the week ending Oct. 21st
was 21, including one stillborn; 11 males and 10
females. Two died of scarlet fever, two of lung
fever, and one each of typhoid fever, conges
tion of lungs, dropsy, heart disease, canker
rash, gangrene, cholera infantum, water on
brain, childbirth, whooping cough, croup, gen
eral decline, and accidental by being run over.
Thu three oldest were 63, 58 and 55, eleven were
under the years old, and seven under one year.
Fourteen were of foreign parentage.
Theater. —Bidwell Wilkinson’s dramatic
company, with Dollie Bidwell as star actress,
and Charlie and Lillie Wilkinson included in
the support, played “Zingari, or the Queen I
the Gipsies/' at Music hall last evening. Pretty
much the same company—with the exception
of Mr. Wallace Britton in the character of Ish
mael, which was taken by Meldrum at that
time—played the same piece here last season,
and gave excellent satisfaction then as on this
occasion. The natural wit and fun in Charlie
Wilkinson always finds favor with a Wureester
audience, as well as the sprightly ways ot Lillie.
To-night the company will present “Joan of
Arc” and “The French Spy”—pieces with
which Dollie Bidwell is familiar.
Municipal Court. —Yesterday’s business in
the municipal court is shown by the following
list: Richard White, larceny, and attempting V
commit larceny, discharged; John Norland,
liquor nuisance, fined SSO and costs; paid.
Michael Bulger, liquor nuisance, SSO and costs;
paid. Michael Mana, keeping liquor, $lO and
costs; paid. Clemence Goodnow, assault and bat
tery, $lO and costs; paid. .JennieMurphy,assault
and battery, $1 ami costs; paid. John Mc-
Donnell, threatening, recognized in SIOO to keep
the peace six months, and on complaint of dis
tiubing the peace, discharged; Augustus D
Barron, disturbing meeting, $1 and costs;
John J. Sattler, selling mortgaged property,
paid costs; Timothy Clary, complained of for
keeping open shop on the Lord’s day, dis
charged; Samuel Shaw, drunkenness, second
offense, fined $lO ami costs, ami committed on
non-payment; Thomas Hines, drunkenness,
fined $2 and costs; paid. John B. Rafferty,
drunkenness, ease continued.
Visiting Militia. —M. E. Enwright, Lieut,
commanding the Montgomery Light Guards of
Boston, was in the city yesterday, to make final
arrangements for an exhibition drill of that
company, in Music ball, on Thursday evening.
Nov. 2d. They will conic, as has been previous
ly stated, for the benefit of St. Paul’s society,
and it was the original intention to come during
the fair; but previous engagements prevented
their doing so. Co. 8., of the Worcester State
Guard, will do escort duty, meeting them at the
train and escorting them through the principal
streets, accompanied by the Worcester brass
band, to the Bay State house, which will be
made the headquarters dining the stay of one
night here. A committee of arrangements, hav
ing charge of matters concerning the re
ception, has been chosen, and consists of (’apt
O’Driscoll, J. J. O’Gorm.in, John Colbert, An
drew Athy, Frank Murphy, Geo. B. Shandlcy,
Moriis Mclcvan, John B. O'Leary, D. Ibdlihan,
Walter Henry and John Linehan.
Musical Convention —First Day.—The
musical convention opened auspiciously yester
day forenoon at Mechanics hall, a larger num
ber than is usual on the first day being in at
tendance. In the evening about three hundred
singcis took part in the rehearsal of “Elijah,’’
under the direction of Carl Zerrahn. L. H.
Southard took charge of the class at the day
sessions, the music practiced being from the
“Offering." The convention will increase in
numl»crs and interest to-day, and at three o’clock
this afternoon, there will be a matinee perform
ance, in which some good singers will take part,
and when some choice selectionswill be pre
sented. These “social hours” have always been
among the most enjoyable features of conven
tion week, therefore special attention is to be
given to these impromptu concerts this years.
Visitors’ tickets, which have been in good de
mand at the music stores, admit to all the exer
cises and concerts of the convention. The sale
and delivery of ieserved seats for the evening
concerts will begin this morning at nine o’clock,
at Mechanics hall. The sale will not be limited,
but no person in the line will be allowed to exe
cute* orders lor tickets.
Labor Reform Conventions.—The labor
reformers of this city, together with members of
the party from a lew towns in the county, to
the number of forty-seven, met at Anthropologi
cal hall, yesterday, and effected the nomination
of county officers for their ticket, and also a can
didate for councillor in this district. The chair
man of the county convention, which met first,
was Mr. D. Parsons of this city, and the secre
tary M. W. Mclntireof this city. John A. Dana,
Esq., received the nomination for clerk of courts
by 19 of the 23 votes cast; Joseph Mason had 12
votes. General A. B. R. Sprague icceived 17
votes and the nomination for sheriff; W. W.
Snow had 4 votes. For district attorney, Mr.
W. A. Williams was unanimously chosen can
didate. The other nominations made were,
John Hill of North Brookfield, for county com
missioner; George A. Craig of Spcnccr and John
A. Taft of Worcester, for special commissioners.
County committee—John A Taft of Worcester,
Elias Hall of Spencer, David Bride of Berlin.
J. R. Nichols of Brookfield, George F. Mellor of
Webster, C. C. Mower of Hopkinton, W. Mc-
Laughlin of Milford, John Reagan of Marlbor
ough, W. P. Hale of Warren and C. M. Lee of
Athol, and they were authorized to fill all vacan
cies.
The councillor convention organized by the
s?fl>oiceof the same chairman and secretary as
ved in the county convention, and munlnatcd
r.
Omwter A Hailn
VOL. 26, NO. 252.
Mr. B. L. Batchellerof Sutton as candidate for
councillor, Messrs. A. A. Reed of Worcester, W.
C. Keith of Spencer and W. Mclntire of Web
ster were chosen ns councillor committee.
The senatorial convention for the third Wor
cester district met at the same place also, and
nominated Emory S. Harwood of Oxford. Elias
Hall of Spencer, was chairman of the last
named convention and Geo. H. Mellor of Web
stcr, secretary. The senatorial district committee
chosen consisted of Elias Hall of Spencer, M.
W. Mclntire of Spencer, 11. W. Bush of West
Brookfield, Alvin Bo wdish of Oxlord ami Patrick
Kelley of Southbridge.
Superior Court Criminal Tcrm-Dcv.
CUM, .1.
Monday, Oct. 23.—The court came in at ten
o’clock, and the following Juries were empan
nelcd:
Eirst Jury EdWnrd L Brigham of Worcester,
foreman; hrUtonhcr C Alger of Winchendon,
Elijah Bigelow of Douglas, Henry Bigelow of Wor
cester, Jeorge 8 Blair of West Brookfield, Win II
Blood of Lancaster. Win Bowen of Brookfield, E
Reed Brigham of Worcester, ('handler Cheney of
Millord, Elias it ('rawford of Worcester, Henry
Fiske of bouthbridge, Whipple B Harns of West
Boy Is ton.
Second Jury Ezra B. Rockwood of Fitchburg,
foreman; Hiram Daniels of Blackstone, Daniel
Hartwell of Harvard, Lucian Harwood of Warren,
Lorenzo D Lyon of Clinton, Moses Perry and Sibley
Putnam of Worcester, Justus Reynolds*of Barre,
P Stockwell of Auburn, Moses LTarbell of Milford,
Win Wadsworth of Spencer, George G Warner of
Westborough.
Supernumeraries— harles 11 Carpenter of Wor
cester, J M King of Athol.
Prayer was offered by Rev C M Lamson of the
Salem street church.
The first case put on trial was that of Thomas
Donahue, for larceny of sundry articles from E. G.
Bickford, Austin T. Bemis, and Frederick M. Miller,
fellow hoarders at a house in Spencer, on the 13th
day of September last, in which a verdict of not
guilty was rendered.
Henry Marley oi Worcester, for assault with a
knife on Barnard McDonnell, in Quinsignmond vil
lage, on the night of Sept. 27th last; verdict guilty
and sentenced to the house of correction for sixty
days.
John Malony, a young hid of sixteen, indicted for
assault with a dangerous weapon on Michael Lavin,
in Worcester, Aug. 20. retracted his former plea,
and pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to the house
of correction for sixty days.
James Dolan, indicted for breaking and entering
the store of Charles O. Riley, in Uxbridge, on the
night of Sept. 18th, and larceny therefrom, retract
ed ami pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to the
house of correction for two years.
Frederick Munroe, indicted for adultery, retract
ed ami pleaded guilty, ami was sentenced to the
house of correction for six months.
The case of Alexander Frazier, for assault with a
knife on Margaret McDonald, on Southbridge
street, in Worcester, Sept. 18th, was given to the
jury, but they had not agreed upon a verdict at the
adjournment.
Additional subscriptions in aid of Chicago and
the northwest:
Samuel Paine. Rev Daniel Wait,
Oxford, 25 Oxford, 2
Moms Ruffum, Ox- Ladies of Oxford,
ford, 53 by Miss Hannah
M II Buflum, Ox- P?Sanford, 53
font, 10 Miss Nancy Lin-
T R and E S Wil- coin, Shrewsbury 20
Hams, Oxford, 10 T W Wellington, I’M)
A h Merriam Cj, AB Chase, 2
Oxford, 19 Gilbert loom com-
John Sweeney, 2 pany, 20
Amount subscribed Monday $304 00
Amount reported previously 40,048 00
Total amount subscribed 840,952 00
('has. B. Whiting, Treasurer
Tin l ladies of Tatnuck have sent one case of cloth
ing for Michigan sufferers, valued at $5”, ami ladies
of Armory village one case of clothing for same,
valued at $250.
Members of the general subscription committee
for the aid of Chicago and the northwest, will con
fer a favor by bringing into the treasurer as early
a possible their papers and money.
COUNTY NEWS.
The senatorial conventions of the second and
fourth districts will be held today at Milford and
Barre, respectively.
A relief meeting was held in Grafton, on Sun
day evening, to raise funds for the sufferers by
the late heavy fires in the west. It was presided
over by L. Stockwell, and J. A. Dodge was sec*
retary. A lively interest was manife ted, and
the sum of $540 was raised on the spot, of which
the largest part will go to the sufferers by the
fires in Wisconsin, by the express wish of the
donors. A soliciting committee of sixteen wa«
chosen to canvass the town, and Henry F. Wing
was made treasurer of the fund.
FROM EUROPE.
Cerent Britain.
DEATH OF MURCHISON.
London, Ort. 23.—Sir Roderick J. Murchison,
president of the geological and geographical
societies, died yesterday, aged seventy-nine.
NAPOLEON DENOUNCES REPORTED CONSPIRACY.
The Times states that. ex-Emperor Napoleon
declared that the recent reports from France of
the Bonapartist conspiracy, and the intended
descent upon the coast of France, are entirely
fonndationless. Ihe emperor claiming that he
is the only legitimate sovereign of France, ad
vocatcs no violent measures for the restoration
of his dynasty, but believes his partisans should
uige taki :g the will of the French people upon
the settlement of the government by means of
plebiscite.
COM M ERCIAL.
In the Manchester chamber of commerce, a
resolution was unanimously adopted, condemn
ing the proposed modifications in the French
commercial treaty.
France*
ELECTIONS AT MARSEILLES.
Faris, Oct. 28.—1 n the Marseilles municipal
elections yesterday the ultra ('atholics were
successful, defeating the radical candidate for
mayor.
NO SERIOUS TROUBLE IN CORSICA.
Paris, Oct. 23. —The disturbances in Corsica
amounted to no more than slight broils be
tween the local police ol Ajaccio and the people.
No serious trouble occurred, nor is there any
anticipated.
PRINCE NAPOLEON.
It is said that Prince Napoleon announced the
intention to deliver a political speech to the peo
ple of Ajaccio.
There is a great scarcity of money in Paris,
and the crisis is daily increasing in intensity.
The Bank of France has begun to issue 85,000,-
000 francs, in currency, of small denomina
tions.
MILITARY.
An extensive military establishment, to be
foimed at Rouen, w ill comprise a school of ar
tillery and an arsenal w ithin the city, and an en
trenched camp and a scries ol forts outside.
President Thiers will lay the foundation stone
of the artillery school.
Nwitzerland»
CONVENTION.
Geneva, Oct. 23 I'he convention of the in
ternational league communists assembled at
Geneva to-day. The attendance was small and
without the presence of any noted leader, and
the proceedings quite without interest.
Germa ay.
A LITTLE POLITICAL EXCITEMENT.
Frankfort, Oct. 23.—A powerful agitation
has commenced throughout Germany in sup
port of the movement ol rhe inhabitants of the
Austro-German provinces against the policy of
Count Hohen worth, the Austrian minister of
the interior. Count Hohenworth has recently,
by giving great liberties to the Bohemians and
Czechians, greatly offended the German popula
tion of the Austrian empire, ami the action of
the minister is regarded as au infringement of
the constitution, which grants equal rights to
all. The indignation against Count Hohen
worth’s policy in the matter is very general and
bitter.
BILL REFERRED.
In parliament, the bill providing for the form
ation of au imperial war fund was refened to
the committee on the budget.
Mpain.
TOO DAD.
Madrid, Oct. 28.—The hnparcial says that
efforts to tiring about a reconciliation between
die supporters of Sagosta and Zctilla, and form
a coalition ministry, have failed.
New England Dispatches.
M ASSACHUSETTS.
Springfield, Oct. 28.—The Mahaiwe bank,
at Great Barrington, was robbed of slß,ooo
Saturday night by Wm. S. Hince, the teller,
who lias fled.
John Rand, a farm hand at West Northfield,
was killed, Saturday night, by jumping from a
scaffold upon a pitchfork, which entered his
abdomen.
RHODE ISLAND.
Providence, Oct. 23 —Brig WixfOrd, from
Little Glace bay for New York, was towed into
Newport this afternoon dismasted, and with the
caprain badly injured, by pilot boat Isaac
Webb.
It is asserted that the fire which occasioned
the destruction of Puerto Plata was caused by
the opponents of the scheme of annexation to
the I’idled States,
LATEST N EWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THK WOKCKHTEH DAU.V iVt
FIRE RECORD.
The Chicago Conflagration.
Waler for the liibiiriit Portion o( the <’ity
The ItiMirnnce Compiiiiir* How tin*
Wo»*hl Mt ill l*ou I'm oiil it« <4 in nd mid
Krniitifiil Charity, clr.
THE BURNT CITY.
Chicago, Oct 23.—The entire unburnt por
tion <»l the city is now supplied with water from
the water works.
The inquest in thccnscof the Grosvenor homi
cide is not yet closed. The excitement regard
ing it is subsiding.
<o«m*» mid InNtirancc.
IN GENERAL.
Republic and Boatmen’s insurance companies
of Chicago will pay in full.
The committee appointed at the recent meet
ing of the Rock River conference, to ascertain
the losses of the Methodist chinches by tire, re
port as follows: Garrett biblical institute, lost
on buildings owned in the citv, $80,000; Metho
dist church block, $100,000; Grace church, SIOO,-
000; one Scandinavian and two German
churches, $15,000; amount of insurance con
sidered good, >BO,OOO.
The value of school buildings and apparatus
destroyed was $298,000. Eight school buildings
were burned.
The North American insurance company, of
New York, intend to form a new company, un
der the old title, and continue business.
The directors of the Hartford tire insurance
company have given orders to rebuild the build
ing hen: at once, to be completed in sixty days.
The Andes insurance co npany of Cincinnati
has resolved to pay all losses in Chicago, ami
increase its capital stock half a million dollars,
and continue business.
The World’* Sympathy.
STILL MORE GOOD NEWS FROM oVtR THE SEA.
London, Oct. 23.—The Liverpool subscrip
tions for Chicago amount to ,£16,0U9, and Not
tingham has contributed £IOOO.
The steamer Russia, Saturday, took a large
consignment of clothing and blankets for the
victims of western fires. The national choral
society, numbering 1000, will perform the “Mes
siah” at Albert hall, lor the benefit of Chicago.
Berlin, Oct. 23. —The emperor has made a
donation of one thousand thalers for the relief
of the Chicago sullerers.
the relief movement at concord.
Concord, N. H., Oct. 23. —The following are
the latest contributions for Chicago and the
northwest made in this city: St Paul’s Episco
pal church, $599; North Congregational, $269;
Methodist, $200; Unitarian Sunday school,s76;
Pleasant street Baptist, SSO; Webster club, sl2l.
The Free Masons make up their gifts to 5400,
while the Baptists are taking up subscriptions.
The Catholics await the bishop’s letter. This is
exclusive of cash heretofore sent—slsoo worth
of clothing and fifty dollars raised for an ex-
Concord fireman.
BOSTON METHODISTS.
Boston, Oct.23.—The regular meeting of the
Methodist preachers, in Wesleyan hall, to-day,
was fully attended by the clergy and laymen,
and resolves were adopted as follows:
First, that wc heartily approve the appeals
pul forth hy our brethren in Chicago and the
northwest for help, and pledge our co-operation
in raising the amount of $20,000 required to
meet New England’s share of the $200,900,
which wc deem the cause of Methodism in that
section urgently demands.
Second, that we recommend that the churches
in other cities, such as Providence, Springfield,
Worcester, New Bedford, Fall River, Lynn,
Haverhill, and all other leading places, hold
mass meetings, to further this object.
Third, that we recommend all our churches in
New England to take up collections on the
second Sabbath in November; and wc also re
quest that collections be taken in our Sunday
schools on the same day. for the same purpose.
A committee of twenty was appointed to take
such further action as might be deemed neces
sary.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nantucket is making generous contributions
in money ami clothing for the Chicago sufferers.
The subscriptions to the Chicago relief fund in
Taunton amount to $7889. The committee have
decided to send $7090 to Chicago, and tiic re
mainder, with what may hereafter be collected,
to Michigan.
The congregation of Beecher’s church have
given SSOOO to Chicago ami SBOOO to Wisconsin.
The actual amount subscribed by members of
the congregation to those destitute regions ex
ceeds $40,000.
The congregation of Rev. Dr. Chapin’s church
have contributed $12,009, ami a loan ol $5090
without interest, toward rebuilding St. Pauls,
Universalist, church in Chicago.
Other Fires.
The Fire Fiend Coming ICnM The Conn*
try Filled with Minokr mid Finnic An
tiripationw of Another Mcrirn of Terrible
RCNIIItN* etc.
ON THE MOUNTAINS.
Rondout, N. Y., Oct. 23.—A large fire is
ruging in the Shawaganunk mountains, near
Port Huron. Several hundred acres arealieady
burned over.
TN THE WOODS.
A large fire is also raging in the woods at
Flatbush, near Rondout.
THE COUNTRY FILLED WITH SMOKE.
Rochester, Oct. 23. —The city is enveloped
in smoke. Reports are constantly arriving ot
fires in the woods throughout the country. Two
faun houses ami other buildings, near Wal
worth, are reported as burned. Several houses,
straw and hay stacks, with the large wood op
posite Seneca point, Canandaigua lake, were
burned to-day. It is also reported that a man
was burned to death. It is rumored that Al hi
on, a Prussian settlement, has been burned. The
wind subsided this evening. The country is
very dry, with no hopes of the extinguishment
of the fires until there are heavy rains.
Extensive fires prevail in Hie swamps and
woods of Monroe, Orleans, Niagara, Gcnessee,
Wayne and Seneca counties. The wind has
been blowing a gale since yesterday morning
Much uneasiness is felt throughout the burning
district. The smoke obscures the sun to such
an extent that lights are used in buildings to
day in this city. R lin is very much needed.
Reports arc constantly coming in of fires infall
directions.
NEAR AUBURN, N. Y.
Auburn, Oct. 23. —About three acres of
forest, known as the Chestnut Ridge, near this
city, was burnt yesterday. The flames were sub
dued by the people.
Montezuma marshes have been burning
several days. These marshes are two miles wide
and abour twelve in length.
AT GLASSBORO, N. J.—LOSS $20,000.
Trenton, Oct. 23.—The grist mill of Whitney
Bros., at Glassboro, was burned Saturday night;
loss, $20,000; insured.
AT BRADFORD, CON.—LOSS, $25,000.
Bradford, Oct. 23.—The Thompson Smith
company’s lumber mill was burned yesterday.
Loss, $25,000; no insurance; supposed to be in
cendiary.
NEAR TROY —WOODS ON FIRE.
Troy, Oct. 23.—The woods near the Shakers’
settlement, six miles from here, arc on fire. Con
siderable damage is feared.
FIRhS TN THE NORTHWEST REKINDLED.
Detroit, Oct. 23.—The high wind has re
kindled the fires in the woods on the military
reservation, near Port Huron. Much anxiety
is felt for the safety of that city.
Criminal Record.
A MOB.
Scranton, Pa., Oct. 23.—Rev. Mr. Devlin at
tempted a lecture, yesterday afternoon, on the
street, against Popery; bur a mob of (’atholics
attempted to kill him, and would have done so
but for the protection of the police. He had his
skull badly split by a stone, and now lies at
Fore street house in a dangerous condition.
There is great excitement.
KUK LUX.
Columbia, S. C., Oct. 28.—Nothing definite
has liven received relative to the conflict between
the kuklux and troops at Broad River, though
it is lielieved that the latter were victorious.
Whole families are living from Spartanburg,
Union and York counties, and so far the women
and children are the greatest sufferers by martial
law. Nineteen citizens were brought to Colum
bia, Sunday, and the United States marshal will
bring down sixty more on Monday. A private
soldier was imprisoned at Yorkville for advising
the citizens to avoid arrest by fleeing.
FATAL AFFRAY BETWEEN WOMEN.
Washington, Oct. 28. —Last night two
women, inhabitants of the disreputable locality
known as “Hooker’s Division,” and named Mrs.
Holmesand Jennie Brown, had an altercation
in the street, when the latter drew a knife and
stabbed and cut the former in a most terrible
manner, inflicting awful gashes all over her
face, arms, hands, neck and breast, and the
latter wounds probably fatal.
MURDERER SENTENCED.
Buffalo, N. Y., Oct. 28.—James E. Kelly
was sentenced this morning to be hung De
cember 15, for the murder of Charles Rosen
feldt.
ATTEMPTED MURDER AND SUICIDE.
Newark, N. J., Oct. 23.—0 u Saturday after
noon itn aged German named Christian Zous,
who has been deranged since the death of his
wife, eight years ago, entered the store of a
relative, H. Plagge, a grocer, and presenting a
revolver fired at Plagge. The ball entered the
WORCESTER: TUESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1871.
fleshy part of his thigh. The assassin, thinking
be bad finished his victim, fled to a vacant lot
adjoining, ami placing the pistol to his own
head blew his brains out.
strange affair.
New Orleans, Oct. 23.—The crew of steam
boat Planter, going ashore for water, near
Mulatto bayou, Red River, were fired into by un
known parties. Two of the number were mor
tally, one severely, wounded.
ROME OF ZING ARl’ft TRIBE.
Poughkeepsie, Oct. 23.—Two men and two
women kidnapped a child from Western ave
nue, Newburg, to-day, and went north. The
police are now in pursuit.
From Washington.
IMPORTANT DECISION.
Washington, I). C., Oct. 28.—The following
decision has been rendered in the supreme
court:
“Xo. 158. The United Staten rn. B’m. If. Bunin.
Appeal from the court of claims
In this case the court of claims found that in
February, 1858, the United States entered into a
contract with the agent of what Is known as the
Slblj patent tent, by which the government was
authorized to make and procure as many of the
Sibly tents as it might require at $5 each. Sub
sequently, Burns by assignment liecame half
owner of the patent, ami at the outbreak of the
war, Sibly, who owned the other half, joined in
the rebellion, ami the royalty on his portion of
the patent was withheld. Burns, however, re
maining loyal, was paid $2.50 on each tent used
in the army, until Dec. 26, 1861, when the seci'v
tary of war decided that such payment was a
violation of the revised army regulations ami
directed the payments to be discontinued, and
the order was enforc <l. The court, however,
found that the order did not terminate the con
tract and gave Judgment lor the claim. The
government appeal, and now insists that the
contract was to continue only at the will of the
department; that there was iio contract between
Burns and rhe United States that was binding
on the latter; that Sibly’s joining in the rebel
lion ami becoming a public enemy dissolved the
partnership between him and Burnsand termi
nated any interest which the latter might have
had in any contract made by Sibly before the
date of his contract with Burns. It is also in
sisted that the order of the secretary of war,
made in December, 1861, terminated any con
tract existing in respect of the patent, ami that
Burns was not entitled to recover royalty on
tents manufactured after that date.”
PENSIONS.
The warrants for the payment of pensions
arc now being prepared ami forwarded to the
agents throughout the country. Pensions are
now paid quarterly. Over 5T,099,900 are ic
quired each quaiter.
POSTAL.
The postal convention for the international
mail via the Isthmus of Darien, has been signed
by the government of Ecuador.
Numerous bids were opened to-day for car ly
ing mails in the southern states over routes
where the accepted bidders of last spring failed
in their contracts.
The negotiations for a new postal treaty with
Fiance are permanently suspended. About a
year ago the postmaster general had arrange
ments pending for a postal convention which,
owing lo the war, were interrupted. The French
nation, now desirous to recover as soon as possi
ble from the losses by war. are raising the rev
<7l uc by every attainable means, and has so in
creased the postal rates as to make it impracti
cable for the United States to agree to the propo
sition in the premises.
RECEPTION OF PRINCE ALEXIS.
No arrangements of a very extraordinary
character have been made fer the reception of
Prince Alexis this week. The piesentntiou lo
the president will be very quiet. After a day
spent here the prince will return to New York to
participate in the festivities that have been pre
pared for him so elaborately there.
THE TERRITORIAL LEGISLATURE.
Among the nominees for the teirilorial legisla
ture of this district are Samuel K. Bond, a native
I Essex county, Massachusetts, John \V. Le-
Barncs, who was at one time prominently con
nected with the labor reform committee of Mas
sachusetts, ami Lemuel Barsley, a native of
Sangervillc, Maine. Mr. B. was a member of
the late legislature.
INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT LAW.
11 is bvlived by those interested in the project
to secure the passage by congress of an interna
tional copyright law, that co-operative overtures
have been secured from France, England and
Germany.
FILLING UP.
The city is rapidly hilling up with persons
from all sections of the country, who usually
make the capital their winter quarters. Any
day senators, members, judges, politicians, lol>-
byists and other notables may lie seen about the
streets, looking up eligible locations for winter
residences. Business tins measurably revived,
with indications of an unusually lively season.
CAUSE FOR DIPLOMATIC ACTION.
Diplomatic correspondence between the
I nited States ami England has grown out of
alleged abstractions at the port of Galveston.
1 he British barque Rose Brae was seized at that
port, ami among the articles taken possession
of by the collector, was a tin cash-box, contain
ing papers and currency. The captain alleges
lhat while the box was in the collector’s hands
a considerable amount oi currency was taken
out of it, and having brought the matter to the
attention of the British minister, that gentle
man has asked through the state department
for an investigation.
THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Assistant Secretary Hartley is acting secretary
of the treasury, in the absence of Mr. Boutwell,
who left last night for Groton, and is expected
to return next Saturday.
A case is before the treasury department, in
which a disbursing officer Is accused of appro
priating to his own use a large amount due a
party for supplies furnished in 1864.
OUR SHIPS.
The register of the treasury states that the ton
nage of the country is as follows: In 1870 there
were 28,998 vessels, 4,246,507 tons; in 1871 there
were 29,170 vessels, with 4,269,532 tons.
A SINCERE INDIAN.
A letter from the superintendent of Indian af
fairs, Mr. Pope, of New Mexico, states that
oehisc, Apache chief, whom he visited October
6th, is sincere in peaceful pledges, though ex
cuses himself from visting Washington.
THE CIVIL SERVICE.
The civil service commission was engaged to
day in considering systems of promotion. Ex-
Scnator Oattcll took his place in the commis
sion to-day, for the first time.
Sporting Affairs.
THE YACHT CONTEST.
New York, Oct. 28.—The contest between
Commodore Ashbury’s yacht Livonia and the
the representative yachts of the New York
club for America’s cup, ended to-day, by the
brilliant victory of the Sappho. At 11 :21 a. m.,
the signal was given to start, the race being
over the regatta course of the New York yacht
chib. The Livonia got easily away, and was
fully a mile ahead when the Sappho fairly
started. The latter, however, gradually gained
on the English yacht, and passed the South
west Spit buoy at 12:15:12 p. m., or 1 in. 46 sec.
ahead. The Sappho rounded the light-ship at
1:32:58 o’clock, and the Livonia at 1:45:22.
Both boats tacked several times from the light
ship t<» the Southwest Spit buoy. On the re
turn, tiie Sappho still gaining, a freshening
breeze sprung up, very favorable to the Sappho,
and she rapidly sailed away from her competitor.
She rounded the flag boat, the winning stake, at
3:59:5, and the Livonia did not get up till
4:25:41. Actual time of the race— Sappho, 4 h.
38 ni. 5 sec.; Livonia, 511 4m. 41 sec. Cor
rected time—Sappho, 4 hours 46 minutes 17
seconds; Livonia,s hours 11 minutes 44seconds,
the Sappho winning by twenty-six minutes thir
ty seconds actual time, or twenty-five minutes
twenty-seven seconds corrected time. This is
the end of the contest for the cup, the New
York yacht club representative boats, the
Columbia and Sappho, having won four races
out of five. The best four out of seven was the
agreement.
It is said that Commodore Ashbury will sail
over the course to-morrow, and claim the
race, if there is no competition. He still pro
tests that the Columbia did not turn the stake
boat rightly in the second race, and will only
allow that the club have won three races. The
sailing regulations say, only: “To turn the
stake boat,” not stipulating on what side.
THE DAUNTLESS.
It is reported to-night that Bennett has ac
cepted Ashbury’s challenge to sail the Daunt
less against the Livonia, and the race will come
off to-morrow.
rowing.
Poughkeepsie, Oct. 28.—Charles Smith won
the two-mile boat race, at Fishkill, to-day,
against Augustus Musher, in sixteen minutes.'
BASE BALL.
Troy, N. Y., Oct. 23.—Haymakers, nineteen;
White Stockings, twelve.
FLEETWOOD PARK.
New Yorii, Oct. 23. —Fleetwood park races:
match for $2000; mile heats.
Sea Foam 1 1 2 1
American Girl 2 2 1 2
Tune— 2:30 and 2:32’4.
Ecclesiastical.
The Epfocopnl Convention.
Baltimore, Oct. 23.—A letter was read from
United States Senator Carpenter, relative to the
loss of life and suffering from the tires in the
northwest and Chicago, upon which resolutions
were adopted joining in contributions for the
sufferers, and recommending the same to the
congregations of all sections. A message was
received from the house of bishops, announcing
the acceptance of the resignation of Mr. Payne,
missionary bishop at Cape Polinas, Africa.
The report of the committee of conference
providing lor a royalty of two per cent, on all
sales of the new hvmnal, to be appropriated to
the relief of the widows and orphans of deceased
clcrgviucu and disabled clergymen; also a re-
port ami resolutions providing for the establish
ment of an order of deaconesses, were adopted.
Our New York Dispatches.
IjntrMi Inrornintion Concerning (he Tnm«
ninny King-Terrible Acciilcnt 4'riin*
innl Ncwn, etc.
New York, Oct. 23.—O’Conor and Tilden
are in consultation ns to the bv<t means for
prosecuting the ring thieves, it Is believed that
they will proceed against Tweed at once, and en
deavor to save the democratic party fiom im
pending defeitl In November.
Haggerty was a judicioti* thi-f. He knew
well what he was after, ami there is not a
question that he had explicit information nnd
instructions as to what he was to lake from
some one higher in authority, and a list of
stolen vouchers published this morning reveals
that among a mass of more than 8500 missing
bills, nearly all suspicious ones, those of Gar
vey, Ingersoll, Ke.VsOr, the Millers ami Smith
have disappeared, leaving only the cinders in
stove.
A long list of missing vouchers is printed,
embracing 3658 vouchers, representing in detail
many small sums, aggregating flu immense
total*. Ingersoll A Co. appear in the list for ;i
total of $1,900,000; George S. Miller for $1,400,-
000; A. J. Garvey for $2,600,000; Hollar Co.
for $950,000; A. G. Miller for $500,000; Keyser
('o. for about $900,090; T. A. Smith for
$770,000, and so on.
Ex-Judge Barrett resigns his membership of
the committee of seventy, but retains his posi
tion as its counsel. His resignation is conse
quent upon being a candidate for the supreme
court judgeship.
The underwriters have resolved to pay the
firemen.
Immediately alter the robbery of the county
bureau of the department of IIHahCC In the
county court house, Sept. 10th, the cmploteS
were instructed to prepare a list of the ffiisflhlg
articles, with such details as could be gleaned
from the records retained by the controller.
These lists were completed after some delay,
but were withheld from publication until the
present date. They embrace about forty-eight
large pages of foolscap, and contain among
other memoranda dittos on winch vouchers
were drawn, mimes of persons who rendered
service or materials to the local government,
character of materials or services, and the total
of the vouchers.
The republican senatorial convention this eve
ning made the following (nominations: Fourth
district, Matthew Stewart; fifth, Win. M. Evarts;
sixth, Dr. August eighth. Wm.
Hall, Jr.
The regular democracy to-night nominated
Judge Ledwith for the supreme court. It is set
tled almost beyond peradventure that Tammany
hall will endorse his nomination to-inonow eve
ning.
Judge Hilton, president of the department of
public parks, addressed, to-day, a long commu
nication to Controller Connolly, in reply to cer
tain allegations and suggestions made in the
communication of the latter to the board of
parks. Hilton cites figures to show that, under
the present park commission, it costs the city
$186,000 a year less than under the old commis
sion.
The suit of Havemcycr against Ingersoll did
not come before the court to-day, the order
having been appealed from, on behalf of Ingcr
spll, to the general term of the supreme court.
At a meeting of the commissioners of the sink
ing fund, today, A. J. Bleecker, Courtlant
Palmer and Abram 11. Muller, who were ap
pointed to appraise the city real estate, reported
the value at $44,000,000, and presented a bill of
SIS2,(MN) for their work. The matter was re
ferred to the deputy controller. John I». Brown’s
bill of $142,000, for regular and extra services
in street cleaning, was audited.
F. Granton, a cigar smuggler, was arrested
yesterday while leaving the steamer dock at
Hoboken with cigars in his possession.
Gunner Smith of the frigate Colorado was
killed recently by falling from aloft. He be
longed east.
Thomas Beach having failed committed suicide
yesterday in Broome street.
James Murray of Newaik was found on tin*
railway track Saturday, with his throat cut ami
intestines opened, which he had done with a
razor. Insanity was the cause.
Joseph Bose, age<l forty-four, committed
an assault on a girl of four years, yesterday, in
Williamsburg, from which the child will die.
A great crowd assembled and endeavord to seize
and hang him to a lamp-post, but the police suc
ceeded in taking him to the station.
W. P Hunt of Binghamton, denies that he
has been indicted for abducting a girl of thirteen
at that place.
At Buffalo, N. Y., Stephen GemclicH was
found guilty of murder in the first degree yes
terday. on the charge of murdering his cousin.
The ship S. S. Glover of Boston, from Manila,
arrived at New York to-day. with Joss of sails,
etc., in the hurricane of‘he 10th inst.
Jacob Rosenzwig, who is accused of producing
the death of Alice A. Bowlsby, whose body was
found in a trunk at the Hudson railroad depot,
was placed at the bar of general sessions this
morning for trial for manslaughter. The case
will he continued till Wednesday to complete the
Jury.
Everybody is on the quivire in expectation of
the arrival of the Grand Duke Alexis. The Kan
sas and Iroquois are still lying off the telegraph
station near Sandy Hook, so as to signal to the
remainder of the fleet as soon as the Russians
appear in sight. The latest addition to the pro
gramme of the reception consists of a grand
serenade to take place on the night succeeding
his arrival. The members of the ninth regiment
have made preparations for the affair.
Bark Noske, Horn Glasgow, reports: Sept.
18, hit. 86, lon. 47, picked up a boat containing
the second mate and four seamen of the Eng
lish bark Lord Stanley, from Liverpool for
Gaspee bay; they left her sinking, twenty hours
previous; the captain, the first mate and nine
men refused to leave; the ship probably
foundered with all left on board.
John Moon, late assistant superintendent of
the box department of the e ty post office, is
held to await the action of the grand jury on
the charge of opening letters and embezzling
the contents.
Writs of habeas corpus will be brought before
Judge Barnard, in the eases of all persons un
justly detained in the Ludlow street jail for debt
or other reasons.
In the afternoon session the national insurance
convention resumed the discussion of the mor
tality rates. Mr. Jones, president oi the national
insurance company, spoke at length upon valu
ation and net valuation. Mr. Stuart followed,
and Mr. Shepherd Homans likewise spoke at
length upon the same topic. He was in favor of
4 per cent reserve, as being more conservative.
Mr. Mcrgran, (president of the North America
company, spoke in favor of the 41 per cent rate.
This afternoon, while hoisting blocks of granite
on the East river bridge, the abutments gave
way and crushed a man to death. The foreman,
Mr. Douglas, was badly injured. Another man
fell under the ruins of the wood-work and
scaffold and is now buried there, it is thought
dead. Another man was precipitated from the
top of the pier, and is not expected to live.
Later— By the accident at the East river
bridge tower, this afternoon, John French and
James McGcrrit.y were killed, and Thomas
Douglas, Cornelius Lynch, Wm. Hayes and
Henry Dougherty, received severe injuries.- All
were employed in the tower. Both of the killed
leave families.
The whole family of Alfred S. Jaffe, a Spanish
gentlemen residing on Washington avenue,
Brooklyn, was badly scalded last week by the
bursting of a coffee boiler. Oue child will proba
bly die.
Police Convention.
Important Matters IkiocuMNcd.
St. Louis, Oct. 28.—1 n the national police con
vention, this afternoon, a report was adopted,
recommending that congress appropriate lands
for industrial schools tor abandoned and desti
tute youth; also, the report of the detective com
mittee, which recommends that the legislatures
of the various states adopt a uniform code of
criminal law, giving full power to officers of one
county to pursue and arrest criminals in any
county in the state. It advises detectives through
out the country to cooperate for the purpose of
detecting crime, so that when a felony is com
mitted in one city, immediate notification can
be made to the chief ot police of other cities,
and the whereabouts of all criminals and pro
fessional thieves can be communicated to all de
tectives.
The social evil question elicited a long discus
sion. The report thereon was finally adopted.
It declares that the social evil problem, to be
solved practically, must be removed from the ex*
elusive domain of the moralist; that if it can
not be eradicated as a fact, its evils can be miti
gated by police sutveillance, and its victims be
redeemed from the remorse that leads to suicide,
by reconciliation with society, or by repentance
in many instances, thus ignoring the deadly
policy, which takes no other notice of humanity
than by the infliction of a penalty that knows
no forgiveness; that the legal treatment of the
evil in St. Louis has worked beneficially, and it
is recommended to the serious attention of the
authorities and of the people of the United
States.
Adjourned, to meet at Washington next June.
The Weather.
Washington, Oct. 23.—Cloudy weather will
probably extend, Tuesday, south and east of the
Ohio valley, and cloudy and smoky weather n
Pennsylvania and New England. The barom
eter will probably rise, with falling temperature
and northerly wind, from Missouri to Luke Erie
and northward.
At Kingston, the financial surplus may confi
dently be estimated at £12,000, which,* added
to the surplus previously accumulated, will be
devoted to the inauguration us great public im
provemeut*.
hbrrvinfrd DiNpnfehr*.
The coffee crop in Hayti is large.
News from Cabral confirms the repott of an
engagement with Baez.
At Charleston, S.(’., there were three deaths
from yellow lever to-dny.
Representative Starkweather nnd Hon. Joseph
R. Hawley of Connecticut, were among the re
cent arrivals nt Washington.
In Sunday night’s lecture Theodore Tilton
argued that 'marriage should be dissolved like
anv other civil contract.
The message of Governor Brown, of Tennes
see, opposes anything like Mate repudiation,
unci recommends protection of all citizens.
Sidney Oakesmith of Philadelphia Ims brought
a suit against President Bagct, for $100,009, due
on the lost ironclad Atlanta.
The name of Gen. Salomon, residing nt pres
ent at St. Tliomas, is currently mentioned in
connection with future revolutionary move
ments.
In the supreme court of the United States, yes
terday, Judges Davis and Fields appeared and
took their seats upon rhe bench. All the judges
were present exept Judge Nelson.
The president of the Denver ami Rio Grand
railway telegraphs that the road is finished to
Colorado Springs, seventy-six miles. This is
the pioneer three feet road of the country.
The physical injury sustained by Rev. Dr.
Thompson,of New York, in the army, has so far
impaired his constitution that he can no longer
endure the pressure of pastoral duties. He will
devote his retirement to rhe study of Egyptology,
ami wilt probably soon go to Germany and Egypt
for this purpose.
In the national police convention at St. Louis,
yesterday, reports were made in favor of
national industrial schools for youths of both
sexes abandoned or destitute, and recommending
the same treatment of the social evil elsewhere
as hi Rt. Louis.
AdviceH from Port an Prince, to the Bth, state
that President Sagct D daily expected at Jaemel.
It is believed that the partisans of Salnnve
arc assembling on the northern frontier, and at
Monte UhHsto, in the Dominican territory. They
Ate aided by President Baez in the proposed in
cursion.
A petition haS been signed by the whole white
population of Arizona and southern California,
setting forth the evils brought on th sc districts
by Vinci tit Colyer's interference, and prajing
that the president will allow Gen. Crook to re
duce the Apaches to subjection, without the
meddling of the peace commissioners.
At C:tlf«< as, the revolution continues in full
vigor. The revGlfHhnlistß retain possession us
the seaport of Ciudad, mid Imve imposed n con
tribution of $190,900 on the inliabitilpte. They
are now marching on Barcelona. President
Blanco is actively raising forces to quell the
revolt and has gone to Valencia to organize
troops.
A Chicago dispaldt says I—“The feeling is
very strong here that the local insurance com
panies have outrageously swindled policy-hold
ers, and the nam< of old and wealthy citizen*
tire mentioned for their prominent connection
with the stupendous frauds. Under cover of
these names an enormous business has been
done and very large profits divided on a very
small paid-in-capital, with the result now of
losses exceeding teu-fold their entire assets/’
A Yokohama letter of September 11th stales
that a typhoon, August 24th, destroyed a light
er load of teas, sunk another and blew down
coal sheds, all belonging to the Pacific steam
ship company. It also destroyed considerable
of the road and several buildings on the water
front, killing three people and wounding several
others, sunk a pilot loaf, blew a steamboat
ashore, sunk two large junks, damaged nearly
all the shipping in the harbor, and put (lie
American gunboat Idaho in such jeopardy that
it was feared that she would have to be aban
doned, but she finally escaped with tile loss of
four boats.
The Chicago Evening Journal suggests that
all the damaged and useless safes that passed
through the conflgratiotl be piled up in some
prominent locality in the city as a memorial
monument of the great calamity.
The Columbus (Ohio)State Journal says: “A
defoi med chicken of common breed, the de
formity resulting from a broken back, was en
tered at the Muskingum county fair as a Hun
garian cock of the 'Slavi Magyar breed,’ just
im|M>rted, mid the sapient judges, after gravely
inspecting it, awarded it the first premium over
one of the finest poultry shows ever seen in the
county.”
An English lady of high rank, at the close of
the war, asked Victoria, the crown princess of
Prussia, to give to the wife, mother, or betroth
ed of the man in the German army most dis
tinguished for a personal act of bravery, a cer
tain cross of gold and jewels, in token of his
achievement. The investigation has been going
on ever since, and at last the honor falls upon
Lieut. Brandenburg of the first lower Silesian
infantry, who by his magnificent courage took
the first cannon from the euemy at Worth.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS-Amer!
can ana Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ap
plications re-argued; Interference Cases Prosecuted;
Opinions given as to the validity and infringement of
Patents and Suits prosecuted and defended in the U. 8,
Courts, by
THUS. II DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of (the
Board of Appeals. U. 8. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodgegs
Block, eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. M aes.
u 24 d&wtf
QUIVER’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STREET OLI) NO. StO
my 24 dtf
WO R C K S~T E R UN TY
HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.
The Annual Meeting ol the Worcester Co. Horticultu
ral Society will be held at the Library, in Horticultural
Hall, in the city of Worcester, on WEDNESDAY, the
Ist day of November, at 10M o’clock A. M. to act upon
the following articles:
1. To choose Officers of the Society for the ensuing
year.
2. To transact appropriate business.
3. To see if any change shall be made in the by laws.
GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec’y.
Worcester. Oct. 18, Ml.
TRISTEES.
The Trustees of the Worcester Co. Horticultural So
ciely will convene, tor the transaction of business. Im
niediately-upon the dissolution of the Annual Meeting of
Urn society. GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec’y.
Worse ter,Oct 18,1811. dtnl
V MEETING of the Stockholders of the
First National Fire Insurance Company of Worces
ter will beheld at the office of said Company, in said
Worcester, on FRIDAY, the twenty-seventh day of
October, 1871, at two o’clock in the'afternoon, to act
upon the following articles:
Article 1. To see if the Company will assess the Stock
to repair its Capital to the original amount,
as provided In Chapter 249, Section 7. of the
the acts of the Legislature of Hie year 1863.
ami to act thereon.
Article If. To see if the Company will increase its
Capital Stock, and to what amount, as pro
vide! in Chapter 178. Section 1. of the Acts of
the Legislature of the year 1869, and to act
thereon.
Article 111. To act upon any other business that may
legally come before the meeting.
GEO. E. KENDALL, Asst. Sec’y.
Worcester, oct. 19. |s"l. dim <ho
JJAY STATE FIRE INSURANCE CO.
In accordance with a vote of the Directors at their
meeting held this day, a Snedal Meeting of the Stock
holders of the Bay State Fire Company will
beheld al their office In Worcwtcr, on the 25th day of
October current, at II o'clock a. M.. to act upon the
matter of increasing the cap’tal of said Company, an!
upon any other business that may legally come before
the m- cling. U. C. CROSBY. .Ik., Secretary.
Woie.-st. i, (h l. 18th, DD. Ht<»2s Ol7_
WORCESTER COUNTY MECHANICS
ASSOCIATION.
During the remainder of the month of October. the
Treasurer will be al his Office in Mechanics Hall, on
Monday, Tlesdav. Tut iisbay and Saturday Eve
nings only, to receive the Dues unpaid. He will re
ceive payment in the day time at his office, No. 26 Pearl
st., opposite I’ost Office.
Members desiring their names to appear In the pro
posed new Catalogue, will bear in mind that their assess
ments are “payable in the month of October.”
018 dtai WM. A. SMITH. TreM.
IOMMON WBAI /!'II OF M ASS A(' H I
V/SETTS.—Worcester, ss. Probate Court.—To all
persons interested in the Estate of SETH HARTWELL,
late of Oxford, in said county, deceased, intestate:
You are cited to appear at a Probate Court,
to be held at Worcester, in said county, on the first
Tuesday of November next, al nine o’clock in the
forenoon, to show cause why the first account ren
dered by Clarissa W. Hartwell, the Administratrix, of
her administration of said estate, and now on file at this
office, >hould not be allowed.
Ami the said accountant is ordered to serve this cita
tion, by publishing the same once a week, three weeks
successively, in the Worcester Daily Spy, a newspaper
printed at Worcester, the last publication to be one day,
at least, before said Court, an<l to send, or cause to
be sent, a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, postage prepaid, to each of the heirs, devisees,
or legatees of said estate, or their legal representatives,
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, before
said court.
Witness, Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this nin'hday of October. In the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventy one.
HAS. E. STEVENS,Register.
010 dSsTu
npHE SUBSCRIBBB respectfuUy a
A nounccs to the public, that he has leased the
“HALE BARN,’’
at the corner of Laurel and Hanover streets, and lias
remodeled and thoroughly stocked the same, tor the
purposes ot a
FIRST CLASS LIVEhY AND BOARDING STABLE.
Single and Double Teams furnished upon call.
Liberal patronage solicited.
dim* WILLARD HUMES.
MISS T. SWEENEY,
Formerly at 40 Front Mt.
would inform her triends that she can be found at
NO. FRONT ST. EXCHANGE,
where a
First-Class Intelligence Office
has been opened by JOSEPH LABKECK. of which she
has charge, and would be pleased to receive a call from
her former patrons, and nnv person* wishing first class
help. Also, t hoso in searen of employment will lie sup
plied with good places at short not ice.
N. B. 'lhe FIRST LASs InlelligenceOffice is at No.
2, first door at the right, up atalrs. d6l* 010
Factory fob sale or to rent,
A with witter and steam power; situated on the Une
of the Prov|il«nce Railroad, In the city of Worcester.
Apply to WASunvtUi A Mokx Mig. Co.
I’ll K E I EN I S.
Ho lifts.
>1 iu: .THE!
HINSTON'S
IHieiuihitic
(mqanuul!
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WAKKANTEK NO CCKE, NO PAY
Sec trsdinonials in Evening Gazette.
AGENCY WITH
IBBIY I. UARREY,
.A pot hecary,
IX BAY STATK lIOISF
sU dti
Co
riio RENI first-elaaa Tenement, with
modern unp’»vcmvnt>. [nquln' on the premhus,
corner Providence and Harrison >in. dlw* 0‘23
I ODCINR ROOMS TO RENT 2 Rooms
J J t.> rcnl. all and wanned, wilhin minutes’
walk oi nost office. In<|Uitc of <K. HI BBARI), No. I
Roo is’ Block, cor. Main and Pleasant sts.
<UM£
A FIN E LOT OF
Pianotortes ami Organs
TO RENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
444 MAIN ST.
RICHARDS, METCALF CO.,
Oli dtf SPY BT.OCK.
fjlO LET A large room. 2d floor, 582 Main
1 >t. Inquire of c. K. IH'BBAKD, No 1 Rogers’
Block, Main st. dlf hI9
LET At South End, near Horse R. R.,
am h and deyltable Cottage House, o moms. Pos
session given Immediately Apply to
ABBOTT A HIDE, 1 vntral Exchange,
dti Reid Estate Broken.
FilO LET- A l&iwe front room on second
A floor, in Spy Block. Apply to
RICHARDS, M EI CALF CO.,
03 OU HI Main -t.
rpo LET Nice New Tenement, of 7 rooms.
ANo 2 Larch st, near Merrick st. dtf 5‘2.5
rp<) LET—A suit of rooms over the Five
v Cent Savings Bank. Inquire of
(dl) <ilt C. HARRIS. Sec 'y
DESK ROOM TO let Up one flight,
in Ro<>m I. Ist National Bank Building. Inquire at
Ist National Fireli>s o', oitu e. dtf o!3
f|M) LET- Two Tenements on Providence
JL st.—one ol lour rooms, one of three moms, to Amer
lean fa.nilies. Inquire between Utmd 7r. M.
,W. F. POND,
013 dtf 11 Providence st.
A FtlisT CLASS LOWEK TENEMENT
1 To RENT, al No. 20 Crown st. Inquire on th<-
premii-. dis o 3
Emil SALEOR TO I.ET—In Iheccnt.re of
a Boylston, nSt ore and Tenement connectei. of seven
rooms, good barn and one acre of land. For reference,
inqiiheof HORACE KENDALL, or .John ANDREWS,
near the premises. JOHN ANIiREWS.
Bqjl-ton, t. |i. 1811. dtf
FIM) LET Rooms for light manufacturing
JL purposes, up one flight. Inquire at
WORCESTER SKIRT CO.,
aul& dtf iiM Main st.
ril() LET— In the Block corner of Main and
JL Pleasant sts., oa the third floor, a room 23 x 50.
Also, to let, in the New Block opposite the Common,
two rooms <>n the second floor, suitable for offices, one
25 x 30, and one 20 x Lo. R. C. TAY LOR.
83 dtf
rpo I.ET-Front Boom, No. 535 Main st.,
over H. Oliver's Harness Shop, now fitted for
and has been occupied as a tailor's shop the past five
years. Tenant can purcha.-e fixtures It desired, or would
let for other business. Apply to W. If. DEXTER, or J,
II BANCROFT, No. 8 Ist National Bank Building.
ait 11 dlf
F|TO LET Four tenements on Davis st.; two
JL oft hemin the new house, No. IS. now ready; ami
two at No. 3, which will be ready Hept. 1. Apply to Mrs
E. D. WARNER. IDavßist. dtf null
fIU) LET—'The large lower tenement ot nine
JI rooms, with stable, at the comer of Edward and
Belmont sis. Apply to WM. ALLYN, at thecornerof
East nnd Farwell sts. dtf si
KENT—Suit of Front. Rooms in 2d
A story Goulding’s Granite Block, suitable for Milli
nery or other bu iness purposes. Apply to
.-:i du W. H. GOI LDING.
f|lO LET A Tenement of seven rooms in
A Fawcett’s Block, opposite U'ty Hail Inquire of
dtl E. A. FAWCETT. 4VI Main st
rpo LET—A Lower Tenement of six moms,
-1 cor. of Hollywood and Kingsbury sts. Barn mom
if desired. E. A. FRANKLIN.
o!8 dlw*
rpo LEI'—A newly finished Lower Tene-
I ment of or 7 moms, at No. 5 silver «t. Inquire at
the house before 7S o’clock A M., or after 6 P. M.
OiS dtl N. M. BARNES.
rpo RENT- First-cjass Lower Tenement <>f
eight rooms, with all modern improvements, at 95
l’ark st. Not let for boarders.
W. 11. BRAYTON,
..Ju dlw* Bay State House.
rpENEMENT TO RENT—Three minutes'
M. walk trout Court House, a nice, new uupt r tenement
of five moms, with modern improvements. Rent rea
sonable. Inquire at No. 45 Main st. d6t* 020
IMS ToltENf-
A’so, STORAGE.
02 dtf F. M. MTOC KWF f. F.
rpo RENT St its of Rooms, or Single
JL Rooms for offices. Also, Desk Rooms, and room*
suitable for lodging.
n 22 dtf GOODNOW A TAYLOR.
rib i K ENT-The Store No. 17 on Mechanic
A street, now occupied by the St. Louis Flour Co.
T'liis store h admirably adapted for the grain, Iron, or
other heavy business, inquire of
GEO. CROMPTON,
myA dtf Crompton Loom Works, Green st.
rB1(> RENT—To a small family, one Upper
A Tenement of .srooms, comer of Harrison and B ak<-
Sts. A jiply on premises, or of JAH. MELANEFY, office
No. 6 Worcester Bank Block, Foster st. dtf <>6
rpO LET —One tenement of seven rooms.
A Appb at -n'-v.-i st dtf o 4
HHO LET In Crompton's Block, Merliani<
A st., rooms of various sizes on second, third and fourth
floors, tillable for offices, manufacturing purposes, and so
ciely rooms. This new and elegant block is centrally lo
cated within a few rods of Main st. and the Depots. It is
In the business centre of the city, and is fitted up with al)
the modern Improvements, making it one of the most
desirable locations tor business in Worcester. For tenn»
and further particulars, inquire es
GEO. CROMPTON.
jc2o dtf Crompton Loom Works. Green st.
O LE T A T L() W REN T
ROOMS TO LET
IN I.INCOI.N II Ol'S 1-1 II COCK.
fronting on Main st., Single or en Suite, suitable for
offices or Lodging Rooms. Apply on the premises or at
uur New Store. Taylor’s Granite Building.
null) dtf JOHN D. CHOLLAK.
F]lO RENT—A (xmvenient tenement of 6
A rooms, nil on one floor, in Ihe new house comer of
Harrisbn and Coral sts. dtf au3l
1871 1872
WORCESTER CO. MECHANICS ASSOCIATION
present to the Citizens of Worcester fortheir
patronage, the following
PROGRAMME
OF
LECTURES AND CONCERTS.
October 31.— GILMORE’S BAND—Concert. (Arbuckle
Leader and Soloist, with eminent 5 veal
Talent.)
Novemlier 15.—Prof. W. C. RlCHAßDS—Scientific Lec
tuie Matinee Entertainment fur Schoo’s
same nay.
November 21.—Prof. W. C. RlCHAßDS—Scientific Lec
ture. (Prof. Richards' Lecture# are copious
ly and splendidly Illustrated by experiments,
requiring the use of extensive, costly, and
delicate apparatus. Topics to be announced.)
December 14.— MARY A. LIVERMORE. (Mrs. Liver
more will select her subject, at the request ot
the Committee
December ?B.—Hon. THOMAS FITCH, of Nevada.
‘•salt Like; its Saints and Sinners.’’
January 11.—Rev. w. H. H. MURRAY. “Deacon*.”
January 25 GERMANIA BAND—Concert. (Assisted
by famous Vocal and Instrumental Soloists.)
No Date assigned.—Kev. ROBERT COLLYER. New
old Englani.”
Organ Concert at 7 o’clock. Lectures at 7S.
TICKETS—tor the Course. $1 W; n»r single Concert,
50c; Single Lecture. 25c—for au at Bookstores of L. H.
Blgetow and Sanford A Co. dtf o 5
pUHE FOR FEMALE WEAKNESS’-
Made from an Indian recipe; a certain cure without
supporters. Prepared and sold by Mrs. LINI'S BELCH
u. Kanilolph, Mass Send stamp for circular.
Sold by JAMES GREEN A 117 Main
st.. Worcester, and by nil Druggies.
oil dTu.rh&B&wtei
AIIVERTIsMG EATEN.
Iu Daily Spy—For the “Square* often lines soil
Kate type, 1 time 75 cis.; each subsequent insertion 50
eta.; 1 week |2.7 2 weeks|Loo; I month 16.00; 1 year
ff)O—and the same rate proportionally for any numtx r o
squares. Two’incs for one week |1.00; tkree line f 1.25;
four lines 11.37; five lines |l.te. Local notices 25 cents
per line for each Insertion. Business notices IS rents per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., is <mtx per lino
Legal advertisements SI,OO per square tor first inset
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special positions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cut .m<( double
column ad vert I seme nte allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly spy—First inseition JI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 nt.-, 3 months J 7.00-, one
year $’5.00.
darnagts, At.
J£ ECEI VE l> T HIS DAY
AT
RICHMOND’S
CARRIAGE EXCHANGE,
30 aldo (Street,
(NEW M MBER.)
A FINE STOCK
Late Stile ania»es.
Mode to Onter, a Folding and sii-’e s. .t tuft Ton
Carriage, in three ditlcrenf style ti.wii. n. !v
seats, easily adjusted tor two or tom p< i ..n h bi.iud
Sti lish. Also the <dehraled
hers’ Ituoiness nnd Pleasure Bnsgv,
trimmed with Gomis, and painted anj -dor to mt tno
trade.
Patent Ad.jiistahlc Carriage Pates, |j h
Express, Business and Concord Waimii'.
CI STOM MADE HARNESSES. general i .m«-
ment of Second H ind Carriages. All good. w n t ini. 4
to gixe satisfaction, and sold at the Lowe t Market
Price, by
al9 dtf A. 14 l€l<
Musical.
(J uICKE It IN G SONS’
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES,
And upon the Most Favorable Terms of
Payment.
Wc invite Ilie attention of j ersons intending to pur
chase pianos, to our New Illustrated Catalogue, giving
full descriptions of Styles and Prices, ami the terms on
which we sell to those desiring to make
EASY’ MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send lor a
CHICKERING A NONS,
354 Washington St., Boston.
11 East 14th St,, New York.
o‘»3 d&wlii
IV AT lON AL CIIOR VS BOOK!
Jl ST PUBLISHED
Contains a tine selection of oratorio and Operatic
Chori ses, ami a choice collection ot new Glees. Qi ar-
TETTKM, Av.
Il is similar, in general design. (hr well known
Chori s Wreath (dimmnd il to Musical Societies,
Conventions and ‘hoirs.
Price, «1.50.
Sent, post-paid, on receipt of retail price.
OI.IVFK IHTMIN A- CO..
022 dtf Boaton.
miTNING, POLISHING REPAIRING
PIANO FOKTES.
We respectfully announce to the public that we have
seenred tne valuable sciviees of Mn. WM c. ELLIS, of
Boston, who has for the past eighteen years been con
nected with one of the largest Manufo lories in Hie
State. Mr F.LLW. as a thorough workman and praelK il
mechanic, iwars a reputation second to none in the
country. Ills Tuning, Im pairing. Ar., in every instam e,
gives ent Ire sailsfavtion; and in with a lira
class Polisher. <dd Pianos arc made as good as new, lor a
very low price.
Please call and examine work at Repair Room.
444 Main Nt., Worcester, Spy Hluek.
821 dtf RICH kKDB. Mi-.K ILF A O
pIANO FOR T E T U N IN G.
S. R LELAND .t CO. have engaged the services of
Mk. Hehuert Porter, of Boston, as Pianoforte Tuner.
Mr. P. is from Me srs. ('bickering .V Sohs, and i re« om
mended as a good tuner by them. Persons wanting lheir
Pianos recapped, will do well to give us a call, m we
know he has no superior. We arc also prepared to rej
string, varnish, polish, iu fact everything that meds re
pairing in a Pianoforte, and guarantee such work tofrUiL
8. K. LELAND CO..
jell dtf WAS Main st.. Worcester.
MRa AUGUSTA DUN H W. Nt R i
81 SALEM STHEKT.
dM <lßl*
VDA F. KENT,
TEACHER OF MI SK',
s 4 dtf No 7 W
AS. ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner mid
Music Teat her. Rooms at ibe Worcester only
Musical Headquarters. Order Slates may also be found
with B. D. Allen. Dodge’s Block. Park si., and at S. N.
Htorv'n Jewelry Establislinicnt f2l
PIA NO S A S D OBG AN S
WM. HUMNEIC Selects ami Furnishes all kinds
orPiarosand Organs from the Factories in Now York
and Boston, or from houses in Worcester, if desired.
Call at No. 1 Chatham St. Place, or addre-s by mail.
Orders for Tuning and Repairing may be left at L. IL
Bigelow’s Book Store. 239 Main st. dTn.Tb.tStf r. 5
AT THE NFW MUSK’STORE,
70 Front st., and see a fine Mas'Ui ds Hamlin
kkt organ tor only 812.5 du *2l
ANDS
Everywhere are Invited to send their orders tor
BRASS INSTRUMENTS
to J. C. HAYNES co., whose largeMo<k of ex< o|
lent inst ruim-nts, at modcraic prie< s. tiiim.-be-one of
the very best, opportunities for selection. At >hi- e|e
brafed Instrument Store mav also In procured the I• A
Violins. Guitars. Flulinas. Accordcons. f ifes, Flageolets.
Pianos and Melodeons tor sale and lob I.
Band Music, Sheet Music, Music Books, and all kinds
of Musical Merchandise.
JOHN C- HAYNES «V 0..
33 Court st., opposite the Court House, 80-ton.
f 27 deopAwlv
JJATS ANO CAI'S
Hew York Hat A Cap Store.
WHIPPLE BOWMAN,
DEALERS IN
HJkTS jVND CA.PS
THUNKS, VALISES,
Ladies' Shopping Bags, Umbrellas,
Plymouth Gloves.
all of the latest Slvlc. Gents’ Silk Hal law
assortment of Men's Hats SI.(K». B<n>’ Hai -'’t-. <5
cts. and 91.00.
.EROTS PAC ONA TAH KROY WEN
aao Main St., (Eaton’* Block.)
03 dioaa
up H E FALL ST VL E S 6 F
Gents’ Nilk Dress Hats,
AKE SOW READY AT
F. CL A. PF’S,
371 MAIN STREET.
THE BROADWAY and A. N. COOK CO.’S
BOS TON STYLES are both in stock.and by the Fren h
Coreormiteur, are made to measure, ensuring an easy
fitting Hat. ('all and examine them.
Also, all new and desirable
FALL STYLES IN SOFT STIFF HATS!
For Gents’, Youths’ amt Cidldren's wear,
have been received, and to iw sold at low prices. A lull
line ot
TIES, Gl-0 V EM, HOSIE KY,
AND VXDEK GARMENTS.
For Men’s and Boys' wear, are for sal“ at
F. A. CLAPP’S,
5 22 dtf 3TI Muin Street.
2*TH MASSACHUSETTS VOLs".
HISTORY OF CO. X.
Comprising an account ot all the engagements the old
25th participated in during its three years of service, to
gether with Roster of Co. K. and Lists of the Killed and
Wounded. Price Mots, sent post mud on application
to WM. E. MVRDGCK.
«28 dim* 47 Cougn. E st.. Boston. Ma.—.
g S T A ST ROOK SMI T H
have a few thousand dollars
TO LOAI
for a short time.
ROOM no. :i KOGERS' BLOCH, ttnuf
Main and Pleasant du