An nsements. etc. his Evening.
4
AcapemY oF Music.—Italian Opera: Martha.”
Mlle. Niwson.
Booti's THEATRR.—* Hamlet” Edwin Booth.
FIFTH AVENUR THEATER Divorce.”
4 Graxp Orera House." The Streets of New-York.”
AvO.
Lax Enwin's ToEATER.—Opera Boufte: “Le Pont
Des Soopios.” Mile. Aimea
BLS GARDEN.—* Our American Cousin.” Soth
Onympic TARATER.—* Humpty Dumpty.” Fox.
UnioN SQUARE THEATER. —Variety Company.
WALLACK'S THEATER. Jolin Garth.” L. Wallack.
Acapeyy oF Music, Brooklyn.—At 1}: Philhar
@ouie Rehearsal.
SOMERVILLE ART GALLERY.—Antique Collection.
STEINWAY 1lALL.—Concert. Santley.
SAN FR .NC1sco MinsTrrrs.— Birch, Wambold, eto.
Fumrire Rivk. —P. T. Barnnm's Museum, Men
gene, Hippoirome, and Circus. Day and Night
New. =Y RK Circus, Fourtcenth-st., between Third

ww
dd
GETTYSBURG KATALYSINE WATER,
AAAS
Freshly boiled from the _wogifsvuonied Syfu 8 guy ar
been siored in sll the prin ties convenience
y during the Jotense col AV iater, whence it will be distributed amoug
suffer ng from Drspepsia, Rheumatism, Gort, N a. Grave), Dia
betes, Bright's, and other diseases of the kidners and of the urinary ot
ns, ke. &e., on the requisition of physicians, invalids, or druggists.
Bor devonitorics are the follo named houses: J. Quinlan, Nos. 136
and 138 William-st., New-York; Whitney Brotters, No. Routh Front
ot. Philadeiphin; L. M. Beebe Brothers, No. 4 Lombard st, Balu
wore; and H. 6. Smith Ce., No. 879 D-st., Washington, D, C. These
depositories will suppls the trade of their respective citics at the usual
Teaecticns. an deliver Water to invalids at $9 per case of two doz°n
quarts. All other orders will be filled by Whitney Brothen. No. 227
South Froptst., Philadelphin, General Agents. Water will be sent fom
the Spring at 8 per single case, with correspomting discounts in favor
of the tra'e. Beware of Gettysburg Katalyaiee Water offered at Less
tham tho warart Jats Grrryssono SPRING CoNPANT.
Li ge ““Bexevier Bros.,
171 Broudwsy.
Great bargains ia
DiaxoNDS,
Fixs Warcues,
and
pa Tien JEWELRY.
STEINWAY AND SONS
Granny, SqQuank, AND UPRIGHT Praxos,
03 Pianos taken im exchouge,  Illastrated Catalogues sent free on
apphcation.
Wanrnoous, SrrINwAY TTALL,
ecg omy puneneman 3 £84 LLY teh Rouriceutb ot, 5, Vo
Holvday Presents of affection aud charity,
Gr wife. mohier sister, and friend,
WersLkk WiLson's SpwinG-MACHINE,
ee. HO. 635 Broadway.
PorTarie WINDOW VENTILATOR, MAINE'S,
(for private houses, oflices etc.) Frosh ain no draft; fits any window.
I'rice, 5 Send for crcular. Uvpenure Co, 95 Duane st.
MARPLE MANTELS, MONUMENTS, FLOOR
Tiina, ke —Hrxay Parry, Mapafacturcr and Importer, warerooms,
28%, 30 Fourth-ave. Steam Marble Works. 121, 123, 125 East 22d-st.
TCimsTvAs Eunroiverep ToiLkr Sirs for
Geutlemen. Ali siyles of Boots and Suoss for La lies and Children, at
eee HER Coo, Unjopsquave,
Woon CAniETING, 480 Broadway, for Stores,
Ki chews, Halls, Vorlkard-co ns, Hotels, Restaurants Veo.
Usn
Tri r<1ov’s Ivory Peart TooTH-POWDER.
TTCoLea1e Co.'s CASIMERE BOUQUET,
for the Holidars.
Wedding and Ball Cards, Monograms, elegant
boxes. note paper, ordets of dancing badges, ete., Jus kverde 1.302 B'way.
ARTI ICIALTITIES—PALMER LIMBS.
678 Broadwes. N. Y.; 1,609 Chestuut st, bila; 31 Green-st, Boston.
A CS. SG En AT
ItRMS OF THE TRIBUNE.
Dany Trigvsr, Mail Subseribers, 10 per annum.
seME-\WERKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $4 per an.
WEEKLY ‘TRIBUNE, Mail Subseri bers, $2 per aunum.
Advertising Rates.
Daily TRIBUNE, 80c,, 40¢., 50¢., i5e., and $1 per line.
Fra-Wier key TRIBUNE, 25 and 50 cents per line.
Werniy TrisUNE, $2, 82, and $5 per line,
According to position in the paper.
T'erms, cash in advance.
Address. Tire TRIBUNE. New-York.
N Ne
PR
wok Baily xi
p=
B
TRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1871.
There are still hopes of the recovery of the Prince of
Wales. The report that Parliament will meet in Janu
ary is contradicted, lt isreported that the Orleans
t'rincea vali claim their eats In the Freuch Assembly
President Tuiers’s Mecsage is acceptedin German)
us a pledge of peace. Whe Revolutiouists have
been doteated in Westera Mexico.
The Senate was mainly occupied yesterday in @iscuss
ing the question of the revival of the Retrenchment
Committee, Mr. Anthony's substitute being finally
adopted by a vole of 24 to 85. Iu the House, the
Apportionment bill was passed.
Judge George HI Williams has been appointed Attor
ney-General, vice Akerwan, resigned, Another
Mormon murderer has been arrested in 8alt Lake City,
Two express robbers have been arrested in Ten
pessee, after a severe fizht, An extensive fire has
occurred at Weedsport, Cayuga Co.,, N.Y. e===. A shoot
ang afiray has occurred in Richmond, Va,
No additional Bank failures are reported. The
police authorities bave rescinded their order forbidding
the Tuternationals to parade on Bundav, The jury
mn the Madden -Westfleld explosion case disagreed,
‘Iie second trial of the Brooklyn Election Inspectors was
postponed, The Kings County General Committee
Yield a stormy session, A police sergeant’s mistress
wus convicted of panel thieviug, Gold, 100}, 10%.
J uermometer, 23°, 267, 240,
Baron Liebig’s great name and fame make
everything pertaining to his habits and pur
suits interesting to a world of readers. On
the second page of Tue TRIBUNE to-day we
print a letter from an occasional correspondent
at Vienna, in which will be found some en
tertaining particulars of an interview with the
Gistinewieined chemist.
We are indebted to a Pennsylvania member
of the House of Representatives for the intro
duction of a bill to regulate our harbor dues.
His bill, which cuts off all extra and jobbing
taxes and levies, leaves only the rates imposed
by State legislation for the protection and
maintepance of the harbor and defenses. The
measure 18 of good intent, but it needs some
thing more than an act of Congress to stop the
thieving now practiced by our pirates of the
Yiarhor

Mail advices from Pern bring details of the
extraordinary interference of President Balta
with the elections in that Republic. Latterly,
Peru has been prosperous and quiet, but this
atlempt of President Balta to nullify the
popular will aud force a candidate of his own
into the Electoral Colleges will doubtless
create a revolution, if persisted in long, The
liypecritical plea that he is moved by patriotic
ruotives only is one of the most amusing
portions of the message of this model Presi
dent,
The defeat of tho Trumbull resolution in
tlie Senate ix one of those unfortunate érrors
with which superserviceable friends contin
ually damage the best of causes. It is a great
wistake, because it places the Adwministra
tion in false position before the coun
try—p position in which it seems to
Lide from examination, whea everybody
kuows it cannot afford to be pliced in any
such’ predicamrent. We once mort protost
agaist this suicidal poliey, and we appeal to
the President to lose no time in relievipg him
self Som the fatally false position in whieh,
pliether mistakenly or, willfully, his" special
Ariends bave placed not ‘uly hlwsclf, buf a
&reat party. iP .J EE
a neve 4
Public attention is onee more directed 'to
the “Clinese Ipdemnity Fund,” and a core
wespoddent of Tue Temuse, commenting
‘upon the manner of its employment, gives
some "interesting data. The fund will yield,
it is thought, #25000 per annum, and the suas
&esdon that this income be devoid (ow the
eC.
a
Business Notices.
‘Tn the Tht of the miccess which attended’
the prosecuiion in the Btate Conrts pt thy rp
pealers Lav ped te) “PANE by DisirictAt
toakny Dllong, we big to comucad Wig action
1Y 1 v
{7 aa LEY rX Pr \d
establishment of an American College. in
Peking bas met with great favor from all
thoughtful publio-spirited men. It is not ox
pected that anch a College could be at onoo as
useful as those which Great Britain and other
Western nations have established at
the Chinese capital; but, with judi
cious management, it would be of great
value to the diplomatic and Customs
service of the United States and China. More
than this, an American College in Peking
would help gather from a variety of sources
much scientific knowledge which would enrich
the world’s treasury of learning. The plan
has had such warm indorsement by Presi
dents, diplomatists, scholars, and statesmen,
that it seems some small effort to bring
it before Congress is now only needful, and
meeting is to be held in the city for the pur
pose of taking that step. There can be nc
opposition, and the plan must succeed.
tn
TP URTII—SCRURZ—CONKLING.
It is so seldom that we are able to agree
of his speech on Wednesday, as summarized
by telegraph, is precisely to our mind. It is
as follows:
we seize the to that the closo
“It is no credit to ‘tho Ropublican party, or toany
member of it, to profess to be wHling to investigate its
administration of affairs, and to purify whateveris
found to peed purification for I undertake to say that
never in American history was there a party that had
less to deter it from rigid investigation, and more to
tempt it to go forward. The strength of the Republican
party resides largely in the fut that it is able and willing
to purify and purge itself.”
‘~Thit Yast remark is true not only of the
Republican but of any party that is destined
to live. Had the Democracy of this State
beer able and willing last Winter “to
“purify and purge itself,” it would
not now lie prostrate and hopeless,
No party ever scemed more strongly
intrenched in power; yet a few months saw
its strength transformed to weakness and its
glory departed. It was crushed, not by oppo
sition from without, but by corruption from
within. Shall not the lesson be heeded?
“’I'he unknown is the terrible.” The worst
that is true of any party or administration is
not nearly so bad as the suspicions of its ad
versaries. And anything which even faintly
resembles concealment or suppression tends to
deepen those suspicions and to diffuse them
throughout the community.
President Grant has made some bad appoint
ments. Ile has admitted this by un-making a
part of them; his friends all admit it. Quite
a number of dcfaleations and embezzlements
have come to light. Republican Senators
wisely demand a comprehensive, searching in
vestigation, They ask for a Sclect Commitice
empowered to send for persons and papers.
They evidently wean to go to the very bottom
of this business.
If we were as zealous for Gen. Grant's re
election as Senator Conkling seems to be, we
ghould say to Messrs, Trumbull, Schurz Co.,
“Make your inquiry as sweeping and inquisi
“torial us you can: I will support it. Nome
“your committee: I will urge its appointment
“exactly as you choose to have it. If there is
“any fact that Lears against the Admiuistra
“tion, let it come out. I am here to meet it.
“All I ask is that you shall not say that you
“had not the fullest possible opportunity to
“elicit the truth.” And this seems to us tho
gpirit of Mr. Conkling’s words above quoted.
Unhappily, his acts are not in accordance with
those words.

The recent defaleation of Paymaster Iodgze
geems to us a leading case. No one on earth
holds the President responsible for this great
wrong. Yet it does not satisfy us to be told
that Hodge is now in the Albany Penitentiary.
We want to know how it was possible for him
to steal nearly Half a Million of public money
by whose fault he had his opportuniiy, and
what changes in law or regulation are neces
gary to protect the People against such frauds
in future. We do not want this crime iuves
tigated by a friendly, but by a hostile com
mittee—we mean, by one disposed to make the
most of it. We want to be sure that there is
no whitewash about it.
Then take the case of Thomas Callender,
Bank Examiner in this City. It seems that this
rascal has been betraying Lis trust by forcing
weak banks, which it was his duty to expose
and arrest in their downward course, to lend
him large sums of money, wherewith he prose
cuted wild speculations, while he, as a cone
sideration, concealed their rotten condition.’
The consequent loss to the public is likely to
amount to millions. And there are other ras
cals—scme already detected, others yet to be
brought to light—who have perpetrated kindred
robberies.
These crimes can only damage the party in
power if it scems to conceal, deny, or palliate
them, Let it be first on the track of the ras
cals, and they can do it little harm.
‘~Opening’ The Utica Morning Ilerald—the
home organ of Senator Conkling, whercof his
representative in the House is responsible
Editor—we are somewhat surprised to find it
discussing Mr. Trumbull’s proposition after
this screechy fashion:
The Democrats appear to have been terribly exer
clscd over the question of investigating the con
duct of the Presidout and his subordinates. They have
introduced senseless and insulting resolutions into both
Houses of Cop ¢h.could not be enterta
any boy Lavin? oa 16¥ ft oWh dignity or oy oo
Government, and thenset up a headless howl becpyse
they were not adopted. Usurpation, corriiption,
tyranny, and extravagance, have been charged by
the wholesale upon the Administration, and the:
ery raiged that Congress will not permit investiga.
tion. Remocrats have popped up in their seats, lke
jumping-jacke, and excitedly and furiously protested,
while trying to rid themselves of the speech with which
they bave become big since the last adjournment of Con
gress. Believing thelr word for it, the nation is Just on the
verge of everlasting ruin, and nothing can save it short
3  Bosaich ive overament over to the men who fol
ed dy thoi Jeff. Davis and his co-traitors.
4
suppose men who
8, through the leni
ency of the Government against which they conspired,
and who have by thefr treasonablo conduct laid upon
the people burdens grievous to be borne would have
modesty, if not gratitude, €80ugh to waintain oo
silenée where they canaot interpose reasonable oriti
cism. But these fellows ape prowrial fot short mem
10 forget that we have passed thromgn a tremendous
ciyll war, jmposed on us by themselves, und that we are
still suffering from its effects,” &c., &c.
wy may be that the above fs arghment—
or
and thei
t Messrs. Trambull* avd’ Schur are Secos
sionists, aud that.“ Jofl. Davia and hg’ co
“truitors” are a part of the case on which the
People ave 10 pass. judgment in deciding
whether “the power $9 send. for. persons.aud.
papers ought to be given to the mipitee
whieh Mr. Trdmbaf #4 aRkéa or. 1 may be
Wht we ane ivsave, whilp. pyr Pica neighbor,

NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 13, 10/1
LES J
hn
to the United States District-Attorney. If de-,
cisions and ne by Tammany Judges
against the ores whom Tammany has
used to maintain itaclf, and whom those of
Tammany who still linger in uncertain power
now abuse in vain displays of official virtue,
ate attainable, why may we mot hope for
something from the United States Courts and
officials? ‘They know that they have no more
important duty to perform than to pre
vent illegal voting in this city, Are
they doing all they might in that
cause! Has not the District-Attorney or
Commissioner or some other official in the
Chambers-st. building an important case on
hand delayed for no good and valid ra,
in which prominent Ring people are serious
involved! There are witnesscs—a score of
them—ready to swear to facts that, publicly
exposed, would, at least, break up a dangerous
political organization which such corrupt
politicians as Richard B, Connolly and James
O'Brien have used for wicked purposes, and
perhaps when submitted to a jury, send to
State Prison men who know they are illegally
naturalized and guilty of perjury in swearing
to the false naturalization papers of others
Why are not these men prosecuted
exactly with our State's senior Senator that
SUNDAY—THE INTERNATIONALS.
We believe, purely on civil grounds, in the
desirability of preserving a general observ
ance of Sunday as a day of rest. Of the re
ligious significance and sanction of the Sabbath
we do not here speak ;—it is because the pres
-ervailon of the idea of rest on Sunday tends
to good order, good morals, and good health,
that we hold it the part of wise legislation
and wise execution of law to exert as steady
and powerful an influence as may be in favor
of its maintenance.
It is unfortunate that the question of great
Sunday processions should be complicated in
the public mind by the effort to arouse sym
pathy in behalf of an executed French Com
‘mumist. There is no great public feeling here
about the death of M. Rossel and his com
patriots that demands vent in banners and
martial music and long processions of men
marching on Sunday past the churches
of New-York to show the general dis
approval of exccutions in Paris by the
order of the recognized Government of France.
But there is a jealous feeling against any in
terference with the rights of anybody who
does want to show disapproval in that way;
and, in a general seuso, that feeling is just.
French sympathizers with Rossel have the
same 1ight to public expression of their feel
ings that the Orangemen had. We deplored
the taste of the procession these last insisted
on; but, when they insisted, we demanded
that they be permitted to parade and pro
tected on precisely the same terms accorded
te any other organization. We say the same
thing of the Internationals now. But we sce
no reason why they should be permitted to
violate the uniform practice, the law, and the
well-settled judgment of a large part of our
population, by parading on Sunday. Even in
the hight of our own great war the City
Council refused to permit, on Sunday, a re
ception and parade of the war-worn veterans
of the city returning from the field. Here is
the action; and the suggestive list of names:
MAY, 1863.
Unanimously Resolved, That, in conformity with the
spirit of the laws and custorcs of the State, and with the
expressed views of the highest military authorities, the
arrangenents for the formal reception and review of
regiments returning from the flcld be restricted to
scenlar days.” GEORGE OPDYRE, Mayor.
Commmitice on National Affairs, Bourd of Aldermen.
TrLurNCE FARLEY, PTR MITCHELL,
JOuN 1. HENRY, JOuN D. OTTIWELL,
F. I. A. POOLE.
Committee on National Ajfairs, Board of Councilmen.
WILLIAY JOYCE, JOHN MCCONNELL,
ALEX, BRANDON, JOHN HAVILAND.
The law itself is equally explicit. We
quote from 2 Rev. Stat., p. 934, 6th ed.:
“No person shall willfully disturb, interrupt, or disquiet
any asseinblage of people met for religious worship,
hy making a noise either within the place of
worship, or 60 near to it as to disturb the order and
solemnity of the meeting; mor shall any person
obstruct the free passage of any highway to any place of
worship.”
The advertised route by which the proces
sion of the Internationals, with its banners,
music, and noisy following, was to move led
by forty churches!
Wo regret that this question should have
been raised, and feel very sure that the Inter
nationals would have commanded far more
public sympathy if they had not defied the gene
ral sentiment, and proposed to violate the law.
But the attitude into which the question
drifted threatened to make martyrs of them
and the Police Commissioners may not have
been wholly unwise in yielding, Will not the
Internationals meet this concession gracefully
by so modifying their route as to give the
least disturbance to public worship and the
general order of a day of rest? And after
their parade is over, we pray for a general
understanding that there shall be no more of
like kind, for any object, on Sunday, and that
we may bave some wiso legislative, re
strictions concerning those to be held 2.
other days, that shall be impartiélly and in.
flexibly applied.
Be
rrr YE rY rm amr TY
THE MILITARY OCCUPATION OF CLICAGO.
Gov. Palmer transmitted to the Legislature
of Illinois, on the 9th of this month, a mes
sage detailing certain extraordinary proceed
ings of the military authorities at Chicago
aud at Washington. Such #8 the’ disinclina
tion of the assembly of local politicians who
form the Legislature to appear to censure the
National Adwioprstion, that nothing will
probably come of this act of the Governor's.
It will be treated with the same embarrassed
silence with which his former protest against
illegal proceedings in Chicago was received.
It is unanswerable in its facts and its logic.
It is what local politicians call un
practical in its tendency. Therefore we
do not expect any action Japon it
in the Legislature. In Chicago, _how
ever, it mcets with a different reception,
The leading Bepublican newspapers, from
which we bad a right so expect better things,
strongly disapprove the Message and sustain
the illegal acts of which it complains. The
country papers generally side the same way.
Few attempt to answer the Governor's state
ment. Abuée of him and compliments to the
distinguished officers he has ineulpated form
the|staple of their comment. He probably ex
pected nothing more. His former Message, in.
relation 10 a sidilar violation of law, excited
storm of vituperation ‘against him. The’
Joumals of the. Laser sort. altacked him after
their fashion, Many respectable onos—ameng:
Which we are sorry to wee The Afantis
Wy=bave been guilty of ‘the fatal ove
pole magter to the Judgment of the; Aingrigan]
man who prefers duty to’ popularity, The
only regret is that sn act so thoroughly right
thould ever be unpopular.
on ess of saying Shaiy thaagin-Govy. By or
Was technically right; will. nob worth wile
oh ake Wa troub® “abous {6 J1r op.
INE In the world is wottly ‘ms tiduble
bot. AA a bible,
the militny upon the civil guthorities. Gor.
Vala bias dodgy a great deal of valuwble
PEN 2 BAPE
so
nothing which will De longer and WmUSY BE
fully remembered; than this resolute sud
courageous vindication of the law against ex
ecutive and military irregularitios.
After the killing of Col. Grosvenor and the
consequent reaction in the public mind against
military rule, Gen. Sheridan, who by the im
beelle subservience of the Mayor of Chicago
had been invested with dictatorial powers,
gave up the control of the city to the civil
authorities. To use his own language, “As
soon a8 the excitement subsided, the old City
Government desired to again take obarge,
and of course I sent the troops home.” But
‘a few dags afterward a few private citizens
of influence and prominence (embracing sev
eral journalists, who were by this act estopped
from candidly reviewing the controversy which
grew out of the thonghtless act) requested
Gen Sheridan “to cause four companies of
United States Infantry to be stationed at or
near” Chicago; and this request the General
promptly acceded to by asking, on the
20th, the necessary orders from the Ad
jutant-General of the Army. On the
31st of October, Gen. Sherman, with thal
jaunty disregard of law which seems to per
vade our highest military regions, sent this in
credible dispatch to Gen. Sheridan: “Four
companies of the 8th Infantry are ordered to
“(‘hicago to act as police under your letter of
“the 20th.” The troops were sent as directed,
and Gov. Palmer first heard of this new occu
pation of the principal city of the State by a
paragraph in a newspaper. He then, on the
8d of November, addressed a letter to the Pres
ident, stating the rumors he had heard of the
gending of troops to Chicago, and adding that
no indications of the existerss or any aangers
calling for their employmént had reached him
from any quarter. He adds, referring to the
alleged purpose for which the troops were
coming:
“1 am happy In tho consclousneas that the authori
ties of the State of Liliuois are abundantly able to protect
every interest of the people that depends upon its in
ternal peace and good order, and am unwilling to believe
that the President of the United States, acting upon in
formation lof a contrary character, communicated by
private citizens to an officer of the army, Las ordered
any portion of the army into this State, to be subject to
the call of the authorities, either to protect the store
houses of the Relief Committee, or to interfere with the
possible, though not probable, ‘strikes’ of laborers,
«I therefore deem it due to the importance of ths sub
ject to frankly inquire of your Exccliency whetber the
troops ordered to Chicago are intended or inatructed to
obey tho call of any authorities of the State of Illinols,
or thie City of Chicago, or in any way whatever to assnme
the protection either of property or the preservation of
order in that city.”
The President replied courteously, transmit
ting a copy of all the correspondence and the
orders on the subject, and disclaiming any in
tention to reflect upon the ability of the State
or its officers to maintain the public peace.
Gov. Palmer, who evidently thought more of
the law of the case than of the compliments,
replied at length on the 80th November, stating
with great force and clearness his view of the
impropriety of the officers of the army inter
fering with the preservation of public order in
the State upon the invitation of unauthorized
individuals, and expressing his trust that the
orders to United States troope to act as police,
or to otherwise interfere with the affairs or
duties of the State, or any of its officers, were
made without reflection, and that the troope
would be at once withdrawn from the State;
or that the orders for their government would
‘be so modified as to prohibit their employ
ment as police, and prevent their interference
with the duties of the civil authorities.
To this letter the President very curtly
answered that he had “referred it to the
Secretary of War, with directions to inform
Gen, Sheridan that if the troops under his
“command have received any orders which in
“any way conflict with the provisions of the
“Constitution or the laws of the State of
“1llinois, he is instructed to rescind them.”
That is to say, Gov. Palmer brings to the
notice of the President a glaring irregularity,
to call it by no harsher name, committed by
the Licutenant-General, and approved and
sanctioned by the General of the Army. The
President replies that he bas referred the
matter to the Secretary of War, with instruc
tions to inform Gen. Sheridan that, if he thinks
he has done anything illegal, he must undo it.
Of course, Gen. Sheridan thinks he has done
nothing illegal, and there is an end of the
matter.
The Message of Gov. Palmer concludes with
these temperate but impressive words:
“Tt is due to the dignity of the people of the State that
I should say that I cannot consent that the grave and
important subjects which I have urged upon the atten
tion of the President shall be decided by an officer of the
army; but I must hercafter, as I have done in the past,
protest against all interference, by the officers of the
army, in the affairs of this State. I must protest agalnst
such interference, because it will establish a precedent
dangerous to liberty, because it familiarizes the people
with military rule and inspires them with distrust of the
capability of civil government to afford them needful
protections and it.is now for the Representatives of the
free people of the'Btate to discharge their duties accord.
ing to their own convictions and subject to their own
responsibilities.”
It is improbable that this thorouehlv manly
RANT a per
and statesinan like protest will pi
immediate response or result. The pefsons
who have committed thiswrobg lo the
law and dignity of a great State are the most
famous and most popular soldiers of the na
tion. Their offense has been thoughtlessly in
vited and recklessly condoned by some of the
best citizens of Chicago. Their conduct has
received the tacit approval of the distin.
guished soldier whom we have made our
President. But whatever lond invectives may
hs wrdbmernid mimimtenmbd FY em Yalan ae Pua  ABr 5p
spoken defense of law, he may be sure that
Wo do not erédit the story afloa. that the
Committee of Seventy (be the same more or
less) has made’ a bargain with Mayor Hall,
whereby he agroées to make. certain specified
removals and appointments, and they agree
‘that ke shall be retained in office. "We have
never charged that \Committee with excess of
modesty, yet we’ Are sure it has too much
pense 10 ake a dicker which it has no power
to cary into effcet. In short, the story is ab
Mayor Hall, as we showed more than two
Wohths ago/ ‘stands ‘condemned on the facts
‘Which no one does or can-dixpute. ‘When the
allo" of the Raf fobberies werd
made, ho rushed in ith a
Whdreln RA bi ie Goda to Sl
Bard? of “Supervisors,’y Xbat was mot so.
thet Board .had sine Fue; donbgiges to
ansyer for; but @t/ Ned SRhind to with tho
mos flagrant of the’ Rig’ robhéried, These
wer® perpetrated under cover of a clause in
the Tax-Levy of 1870, which enustituted the
Mayor lilly  Coutivide (Cvaiollyy aud

F
Lays om wi byl puiculs foreigus bub
MAYOR FALL.
Commissioner of Public Works (Tweed)
s Board of Audit to examine aad settle
claims agsines the City, Instead of doing as
the law directs, it appears that, upon the
meeting of this Board, Mayor Hall moved
that the Commissioner (Tweed) and his clerk
(Young) de empowered and directed to audit
these claims; which they did, to an amount
exceeding Siz Millions of Dollars, all of which
was forthwith added to the City Debt nuder
the title of Accumulated Debt bonds.”
Now, we do not charge the Mayor with
putting one dime of this vast amount into his
own pocket, for we have no proof that he did
80. We only insist that the facts which are
virtually unquestioned prove him a most une
faithful public servant—a most unfit depoai
tary of power. It was his gimpie (uty—a duty
for which he is well paid—to sce that the City
is mot robbed through his in strumentality
yet it has been. He ought to have resigned
long ago; he ought to be put ous, if he will
not resign, so soon as the Logislature can
reach him and this must be as obvious to the
Committee of Seventy as it is to every one
rm
NIRPANIING WITH HE LAWS.
Onr Legislature soon to assemble will be
confronted Ly two radically incompatible de
mands with regard to Liquor and License. Ze
Times proposes to slip the knot as follows
It 18 hardly probable that a majority of the mowmbers
of the Incoming Republican Legislatnre, any
more than of the two Democratic ILegislaturcs
that have preceded it, will be induced to
sanclon law that shall expressly authorise the
opening of liquor saloons and lager-beer gardens on
Sunday; but there can be, and there ought to be, an in
telligent diecretion used in enforcing the laws now on the
statute-book, 80 as not to infringe upon what a large class
-4T cltizens deem to be personal rights, provided those
rights are exercised in manner not to interfere with
the privileges of others. In a city like New-York, this
can be done so as to give general satisfaction to all
classes of citizens, without the necessity of any change
in the law a8 it now stands.”
—~This seems to us a very dangerous doc
trine. The Legislature makes the law what
ever it may see fit, within the limits of the
Constitution. Of course, in making a law, it
affirms its constitutionality. Then who is to
exercise an “intelligent discretion” as to
which of the laws so made are to be enforced,
and which may be violated with impunity?
Will the Legislature kindly indicate the per
gon who is to wield this dispensing power
Are all to enjoy the privilege of defying the
laws, or a class only?
President Grant, in his Inangural Address,
laid down a doctrine which seems to us much
sounder than that of The 7imes, in these words
“Laws are to govern all alike—those opposed to as
well as those in favor of them. I know no method to
secure the repeal of dad or obnoxious laws so effective as
thesr stringent execution,”
Amen!
—With regard to License, we believe no
other course will be found so satisfactory as
that which autborizes each municipality,
whether city, village, or township, to license
or refuse to license liquor-selling by a direct
popular vote. There are townships wherein
three-fourths of the voters desire legal pro
tection and immunity from the curse of tip
pling-houses; there are others where the
majority is decidedly the other way. We
would enable and authorize each to license or
prohibit as the majority shall from time to
time ree fit.
WHAT WE OWE TO FOREIGN IMMIGRA
TION
Regarding the entire population of the United
States at the time the first census was taken, in
1790, as native, what proportion of the present
population is descended from that nucleus,
and what is due to foreign immigration
during the intervening eighty years? Mr.
Frederick Kapp attempted a solution of
this curious question, but his calcu
lations were not well grounded. He
assumed that the census returns of 1860 of
the number of births and deaths afforded a
trustworthy measure of the natural increase
of the population. Applying that ratio to the
population of the country in 1790, he brought
out the astounding result that two-thirds of
the white inhabitants of the United States are
either foreigners or the descendants of for
eigners who had scttled in the country
since 1790. Mr. De Bow, in his forth
coming volume on the Status of the Country,”
shows the error of Mr. Kapp's process. Taking
Mr. Kapp's ratio of natural increase and apply
ing it to the population in 1790, he finds that in
the first ten years we must have gained by
immigration at the rate of 60,000 a year,
whereas it is known that we did not receive
one-tenth part of that number. The native
white population of the country must, there
{ore, have increased much faster than the
1 88-100 per cent. per annum taken by Mr.
Kapp as the basis of his calculations. As a
matter of fact, during the first fifty years of
our existence as a nation, it is certain that
population doubled itself from the excess of
births over deaths about once in twenty-five
years. Mr. Rap 's percentage would not
double it in less nl fifty.
~Mr. Do Bow, by a process involving great
Jatgg jot. founded on correct principles, fixes
the amber of fineliers ad Hhelf Jeessiis
ants at 11,115,762, And of white Amepicqns, de.
scended from resia ™i8 iB the country Ji 1700,
at 23,028,888. Mr. De bos Af Hg time be
made his caloulations, could not have seetithe
advance sheets of the population tables of the
Ninth Census, in which we find some figure
which go far to confirm the substantial cor
rectness of the results obtained by him. Ta
ble No. 4 gives 10,802,015 as the number of
inhabitants having one or both parents of
foreign birth, while the number of foreign
born is but 5,656,546. Mr, De Bow’s number is
doubtless about a million too small but that
error is insignificant in comparison with Mr.
Kapp’s. Unfortunately the question is not
one which admits of solution by the simpler
processes of mathematics. Nor have we the
statistics of immigration for the earlier years
of our existence as a nation. It is certain,
however, that the arrivals then from foreign
countries bore no proportion to their present
magnitude. Twenty years-ago, dy the census
of 17), the whole foreign-born population
numbered but 2,244,602.
most of those who denounce him kmow that
he is right. It does not take long to outlive
the unthinking clamor which attacks a public
We may take 20 years as the age at which
marriages begin to be productive. On this as
sumption there can be mo individuals of more
than 80 years of age, descended from foreign
Ms living in this country in 1800, who are not
nduded in the census class of persons having
ane or both parents of foreign birth. By the
fame reasoning there can be none aged more
jish 40 years descended from foreigners living
ere in 1810, As we go dewn the scale the
\ge of those of foreign deseent, not included
n the census class, diminishes, and when we
each 1850 it disappears altogether. Suppose
hat in 1810 there’ were, by a liberal esti=
nate, 200,000 residents of foreign: bisth
vho had. landed since 1790. Their living de
cendants of the second and third generations
vould not fall in the census class of those
themselves and their children would be
ie
so included. Assuming the 200,000 to have
increased to 1,000,000 in 1570, not more than
second and third generations. From 1810 to
of to the
1830 the immigration cerminly did not excéed
250,000. Assume the 250,000 to have ineressed
in 40 years to 1,000,000, Of these all aged over
20 years—at least 75 per cent of the whole—
are included in the census class of those
having one or both parents of foreign birth,
leaving 25 per cent, or 250,000, to be added to
the 700,000 obtained above. Suppose 1,000,008
foreigners to represent the immigration from 1838
to 1840, and to have increased to 2,000,000 in 1870.
We have to add to our count only the children
under 10, say 16 per ceub, or 300,000. The
sum of these corrections, so fur, is 1,250,000,
These are but rough ealculations, Lut they
show that the 10,802,015 of persons having one
or both parents of foreign birth must ing,
about nine-tenths of all the inhakimnts of
the United States who are pot descended
from those living on our 8bil at the time the
Constitution was adopted.
_ On the 6th of December we announced de.
finitely the impending resignations of Messrs,
Fish and Akerman, and the President's
determination to appoint, in their stead,
Messrs Pierrepoint and Williams. We
had absolute authority for the announces
ment, know that both changes had
been fully decided, and that it was then the
purpose to bring them about within a day or
two. Our readers know the delays that em
sued but Mr. Akerman's resignation has now
been accepted, and Mr. Williams has been ap
pointed in his stead; while it is known
that the acceptauce of Mr. Fish's (then already
tendered) has only been delayed by the un
timely and gratuitous interference of the same
unwise Senators who have just contrived to
place Gen. Grant in the attitude of shrinking
from an investigation which we know that, like
any ofher honest man, he must court. Of Mr.
Fish's general éonlluct of the State Depart.’
ment, we have often expressed our views with
such sincerity and kindness, that we may now
the more emphatically repeat the general senti
ment of the public, (well set forth, the other
day, in The Evening Mail) that Mr.
Fish should either stay in or go out
of office, and that the leading Department of
the Administration should no longer be
worn as loosely as one might wear
a little-valued trinket. The state of
our foreign relations, and especially the
condition of affairs in the West Indies, are
such that the country is humiliated so long as
it is left without a policy, and it cannot have
a policy while a Secretary holding one set
of views is supposed to be on the point of
going out, and a Secretary holding a different
set is supposed to be on the point of coming
in. It should be settled at once, either that
Mr. Fish is to remain, or that his successor is
to co 1n.

The Boston municipal election has turned out exe
actly as we expected, Ais. Gaston being reélected by
a large plurality. Again we note our protest against
any attempt to turn this into a Democratic victory.
It is simply the choice of a Mayor without regard te
politics. In the Common Council there will be 35
Republicans and 20 Democrats; in the Board of Al
dermen 5 Democrats and 7 Republicans. We see
nothing impossible in the idea of municipal elec
tious conducted generally upon this plan of selecting
the ablest and the most honest men for place with
out regard to national politics; and it is easy to soe
that if we could but introduce the system into our
own city elections we might not only put the swin
dlers under ground, but keep thein there. To be sure,
matters here are larger and more complicated than
they are in Boston but, for all that, she came near
enough toward a fall into our own uncomfortable
condition of slavery to corruption men and junket
ers. If as has been said, Bostonians love their
money foudly, it may be added that it 1s lucky for
them that they do.

In the pauper statistics of some of the NewEng
land States, there is one specially painful feature—
the number of seafaring persous and of those de
pendent upon them for support, who are obliged to
seek shelter and relief in the almshouse. Some of the
women are the widows of sailors who barely got a
living in their best days. Nantucket has been a
most unfortunate town. Itis known all over the
world for its long and once lucrative prosecution of
the whale fishery; it has been a very rich commu
nity, and it is now a very poor one, as well as swall
one, Of course, the depression bears the moss
heavily upon those who are too old to repair theie
fortunes or seek new fields of industry, and in the
town poor-house there are fourteen persons ranging
from 71 to 89 years of age, showing an aggregate of
1,130 years. What real estate thoy possess has sunk
to a merely nominal value; their shares in ehips
have been absorbed by the falling off of the sperm
whale fishery, and they find themselves, like the
town in 0) they live, decaycd and Lelpless.
Bravo for Recorder Hackett! He has committed
Charles Moore, chief of the emigrant robbers
without bail. The known facts in the case fully
warrant this just action. It is notorious that Moore
robbed the emigrant Kornach, and that his brothet
restored the money in order to get the victim and
witness out of the way, thus compound
ing a felony. Of course, an attempt will,
be made to take him before some othe:
judge, who will ignore the facts beeas:z3 not legen
presented to him, and 70, 4ng"Telvasd tho ng
saen an ormeral will be pilloried as an unjust judes,
leagued with the robber. District-Atiorucy Garvin
an ommissioper Willy Wallach, if sincere in their,
ey 8/-2ae will find Komach and bring
Lim back to New-York. Ju 8 mean timo let the
District-Attorney present the case ot Alderman
Jolizi Moore, who compounded what looks like hy fel,
ony, to the Grand Jury. Witnesses may be found
in Commissioner Wallach an&she gentlenicn throngh
whom Moore paid his stolen money to Kornach. Let
us have a thorough investigation of this case, sud
prompt justice meted to the guilty.
The result of the sales of pictures exposed during
the last four days by Mr. White and Mr. Barker, af.
fords the best proof we have yet seen of the increas
ing taste and liberality of our well-to-do classes in
matters of art. We said some days ago that there
was scarcely bad pictare in Mr, White's collection.
We are now happy to say there was hardly one but’
brought ite full value at auetion. Boughton's
Pamela at $2,000 we regard as a bargain, but, in
compensation, the Verboeckhovens and the Bou
guereau were sold at prices which would probably
have surprised the artista. The bidders were evi
dently a little under the dominion of the fashion of
the day, but even this is an amiable weakness, and
one by which merit profits, after all, oftener than
charlatanism. At Mr, Barker's sale there was more
evenness of bidding, and less of the infatuation of
the ruling mode. But there also there was approcia-
sion and liberality. Already New-York is one of the
best markets in the world for meritorious works of
ard
Fanny Fern onge illustrated the popularity of TR®
TRIBUNE, and the extent to-which it was o necessity
with those who read it, by pleasant story of aa
apple-man, who could not be induced to part With
bis papy on any terms. A business letter received
the other day 1s in the same tone. In epitd of ne
well known temperance principles of Tus TRILONE
Which La .doubtless condones, an. old. Reader, i:
renewing his subscription, writes, “1 would us soo
do without my Jamiica us without my Trim NE”
Lut we confidently tiust that be meant Jawaica
sKilgel,
a
wo