IN PUUI.IMKF.iI EVERY MOUSING.
(SIN PAY KXCKPTRh,)
Al per year. If paid »tri oily In advance*
OtluTwhe, 75 (eiib per Muntil.
IT be OlnssarbuscHs Spg,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At per Amimib
J l». 11A T.!) WIN Proprietors.
NO. HI MAIN STREET.
Morccsttr
CITY NEWS.
The meeting of Hie city council will be
held this evening.
Buffington has a lot of fresh Dutch bulbs.
Ser advertisement.
The members of Si. Andrew's benevolent soci
ety are to hold a sociable, at the Anthropological
rooms, this evening, as advertised.
On the Bth iust. the wife of William Con
nor, of this city, was confined of a son and two
daughters, and the three children lived some
hours. The mother is doing well.
President Grant passed through this city in the
afternoon express train for Boston on Saturday
But few people were aware of the fact at the
time; but those few gave him a hearty greeting.
James Dugan, of Spencer, lust a pocket-book
on the street, Saturday, containing over a hun
dred dollars. He offers a liberal reward to the
tinder.
The Boston theatre company, with a promise
of an unusually good cast of characters, will
occupy Music hall to-night and to-morrow night
with the play, “Streets of New York.” John
E. Owens comes Thursday night.
In the municipal court, Saturday, John Jenks
was sent to the house of correction three months
for vagrancy. Several cases were continued till
Monday, the court being occupied with civil
causes.
<l. E. Spaulding has sold his estate, No. 5
Congress street, to Mrs. Samuel Mayo, lor nine
thousand dollars. Also his cottage, No. 24
Newbury street, to J. 1). Moore, for three thou
sand one hundred and fifty dollars.
The October term of the superior court, for
the. trial of criminal cases, begins in this city to
morrow, Judge Devens presiding. Ihe grand
jury, it is expected, will report on Thursday or
Friday.
Assistant Marshal Washburn will goto Chi
cago to-day, and will take with him for the re
lief ot the Chicago policemen who suffered by
the tire, $165, which has been given by the mem
bers of the police department of this city, in
cluding $25 by Judge Jillson.
The new chapel on Dewey street, erected on
land given for the purpose by Joseph Mason,
Esq., and Judge Dewey, is nearly completed.
Il has a capacity to seat about 500 persons, and
it is understood several clergymen of the city
will alternately officiate in the services there.
W. W. Cook, at Taiiiter’s green-house, has
the past season more than doubled his former
facilities by enlargement of building accommo
dation. He advertises that he is ready to
supply the public with plants, hanging bas
kets, &c.
The services yesterday were many of them
suggested by the calamitous events at Chicago.
Rev. John Weiss, at the Church of the Unity,
preached a discoure in the morning on the
lessons of this fire, of surpassing power and
eloquence.
Mr. John Samuel Gough, the father of the
distinguished temperance reformer and orator,
John B. Gough, (lied at Upper Holloway, a sub
urb of London, on Su inlay morning, September
24. He had attain.d the great age of ninety
four, and had been confined to his room for only
three weeks prior to his death.
The Frohsinn singing (society, which has oc
cupied rooms in Clark’s block for three years,
will have a farewell entertainment there this
evening, consisting of a play “Ein modernes
Verhaenoniss,” or “A Modern Fatality,” and a
concluding dance. On the first of November
the society will lake the rooms in Waldo block
formerly occupied by the Odd Fellows.
A legally called parish meeting of the Ply
mouth Congregational society will be held on
Thursday evening next, to act upon thequestion
of extending a call to Rev. George W. Phillips
of Columbus, Ohio, to become pastor of tiie
church. There has been a pretty unanimous
I expression of the wish of this society to have
I Mr. Phillips for their pastor, ami it is thought
I he will accept. He is a graduate of Amherst
I college, and a young preacher of rare promise.
I The mayor wishes us to announce that a lib-
I eral supply of clothing and useful articles were
I brought into the headquarters for such goods
las arc to be sent to the Chicago sufferers on
[Saturday; and that the opportunity to help in
I that way will be continued on Monday, at which
I time whatever is brought in will be immediately
I forwatded. Mr. Alfred Parker, who has kind y
I attended to the supplies, is obliged to leave, and
Mr. Brooks will take his place.
I Mr. Geo. Thrall, proprietor of the Bay State
house, in this city, has recently taken a lease of
the Battle House, Mobile, Ala., and intends to
give that hotel bis personal attention during the
looming winter, but he assures us that the Bay
State house will continue to be conducted upon
[the same liberal scale which has characterized it
■since it came into his hands. The employes of
the Baj’ State house will remain the same, with
■such additions as will insure our having a first
■class hotel.
I St. Paul’s Fair was a lively place Saturday
■evening, and a large sum of money was realized
Ifrom the throng of people who filled the floor
land galleries. To-night the “mischievious nig
■ger,” which took so well last Thursday night,
■will be repeated, ami some pleasant excitement
■is anticipated from the voting by Sunday Schools
■for that handsome parlor organ which has occu
■pied a place on the platform during the fair. It.
Iwas given by a wealthy lady of this city, and is
■coveted by all of the children of the several
K'atholic Sunday schools. The votes are
■placed at ten cents apiece. The drawing of arti
■cles in which chances have beentaken will also
■begin this evening, and those whose names are
■within in the “little books,” must be on hand
■to look after their own interests.
People’s Insurance Company.—We take
■pleasure in inviting the attention of our readers
Ko the advertisement of the People’s fire insurance
Kompany, which appears in our columns this
■morning. So many unfounded reports have
■jcen in circulation the past few days, affecting
he solvency of this old and popular company,
hat it seemed necessary that an official statc
nent should be made, not only to disabuse the
mblic mind, but to allay any fears the stock*
folders may have entertained as to the safety of
heir investment. The losses of the company
■it Chicago are very heavy, but it is confidently
B'xpcctcd they will not exceed §300,000. Fortu
■lately the company have an ampl surplus over
Hind above their capital, to meet the unpneedeut-
H d exigency which has just occurred, so that the
H apital will remain ummpaiicd, with a surplus
■q a considerable amount still on hand. Ample
Humlb have been already provided to pay all their
Hosses at Chicago, and agents are now in that
uy for the purpose of adjusting and settling
Hdl the claims against the company. With the
■a me energy and judgment which has hereto
fore characterized the management ci the com-
Hiaiiv, there can be no reasonable doubt that it
Hull soon regain its former .strength and solidity.
Another Raid on the Houses of Ili.-
\Mi. I hoc iii iinitiuiis of nil were \i<ih<l
the rily inarhal and -tale constables, Sat-
<v ini nt*, who, with a force of policemen,
the inmate' oi two and Msikd two
but the la I two called upon had got
■.m<l.>f the imAcim in and had put oil all ap
'udcwh'ii th. ii dom on- weir eu
ted. At t.u ki k ll.e olh- I• v I'itcd J hollar
Hn the new road to Holden, known as the Jacob
and kepi by John Saddkr. I hi- place
recently been identified with th.- rough and
and several ompl.iiiH liux« bun made
bout it. Ibe po.pi h tor was at icsm I, and also
girl'. I h<- ollh ci' next visited the house
ii tin- MilUmn road, known as tin- In in. I lih
hi. whi< h ha- hen clos .1 since the
-evcial w. ■I. U2O, was r.opcmd a dav or
'Hie*-, ami on >ainid.o ivcninu the hoii>e
filled with men, while the m-w proprietors
re carr.\ in j thin wohaln ih Land. lin door
a- the ullkus univcJ io ki out a partv
young men, si m ec> was easily rfleeted, and
iiulkr- wcie -iiipii' d in th. midst o| their
1 iht pcpikkH, Albert P. Amw, to
Worcester KI Spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 215.
gether with seven girls from Providence, Paw
tucket and Woonsocket, were arrested and lock
ed up, and also two men who were found in bed.
The names of the other young men were taken,
and they were sent home. When the arrests
were made the proprietor’s wile fainted, and
consequently could not be brought away. She
was left in the house in care of an old woman who
had just come from Woonsocket and was en
gaged in the establishment as cook, while her
two daughters, eighteen and nineteen yeais of
age, were among the prostitutes taken. The
house on May street and the one on the road to
Tatnuck were found in a quiet condition.
Highway Robbery on Main Street.—A
highway robbery was committed on Main street
at a little past midnight, Saturday, (or, rather,
Sunday morning), which shows that there are
desperate characters in the city, and a police
force too small. Mr. Geo. E. Fairbanks, of the
firm of Fairbanks Piper, druggists, closed his
store at a late hour, and, after spending some
time at his desk, started for home at a little past
twelve o’clock, carrying with him a bundle and
a can of oysters. He noticed on leaving Har
rington corner that some one started along be
hind him and followed on at some distance, and
after walking half a mile or so began to think
that the feliow meant mischief. When lie
had passed the Baptist church, beyond Charlton
strict, he thought he would turn into the yard
of Mrs. Wheelock, and let the fellow pass, pre
ferring to walk behind the remainder of the
way; but before he could open the gate the man
came up and inquired the way to May street.
Mr. Fairbanks was giving the desired informa
tion, when he suddenly presented a pistol and
demanded “scrip,” saying, “If yon take out
anything else I’ll blow your brains out.” Mr.
Fairbanks had very little money with him, and
as he drew out some silver pieces the robber de
manded his watch. A remonstrance was of
fered against giving it up for a moment, when
it was suddenly snatched, and Mr. Fair
banks was knocked senseless He recovered,
however, in time to hear the ruffian running
past in the direction of the church, and man
aged to reach home, although badly bruised
about the head and face, where lie was struck,
kicked and lull on the curbstone. The high
wayman was a short, dark complexioned, thick
set man, with broad shoulders and a moustache.
Ue was roughly dressed in dark clothes, with a
dark slouched liat, and seemed to be 128 or 80
years of age. Mr. Fairbanks, who always
goes home late, usually carries a pistol with
w Inch to defend himself, but failed to take it
when he left the store Saturday evening, lie
will not be able to attend to business for several
days.
The Chicago Fuad.
We have received from the treasurer of the Chi
cago Relief Fund the record of additional sub
scriptions. The whole amount, Saturday even
ing, was $33,803.
Loring Coos Co Employes of H A
ami employes 3')o Tyrrell i Co, 34
Additional from Seth Daniels, Ox-
einployes at ford, 25
Washburn Mo- Emory E Harwood
en’s Grove street of Oxford, 25
ami Quinsigam'd Richards, Metcalf
wire mil, 258 96 Go, 25
St Paul’s fair; re- C II Morgan, 25
celpts at door on M Holbrook, 25
Thursday weu’g,2Bo Dawson Guild, 25
L Barnard and Bar- O L Hatch, 25
nard, Sumner U S Burgess, 25
Co, 225 Rev. Dr Sweetser, 25
Chas W Smith, 200 Johanna S Hull, 25
WlliardJones&Co O Blood Sons
and employes, 143 and employes, 25
Employes of W F Albert Tolman. 25
Wheeler, 118 89 Geo W Russell, 25
Bigelow Albee S Warren Son, 20
employes, 114 75 Employes of Nich-
Empfoyes of C C ols Johnson, 2150
iloughtun, ill A K Richmond and
Employes of II B employes, 21
Fay Co, 103 HA Marsh, 20
I’ Emory Aldrich, 100 E B Hamilton, 20
S R Heywood, 100 .los E Stearns, 20
W A Wheeler, 100 Benj Thayer, 20
Joseph Pratt, 100 A Hamiltoiu 20
C C Houghton, 100 W A Williams, 20
Aarou Leland, 100 Employes of Snow
A 11 Hammond Bros, 17 61
Co, IK) J Henry Hill, 15
Employes of S R W F Prentice Co
Heywood, 82 and employes 15
Employes of Heald Rising Star Lodge
Britton, 78 85 ot Good Templars,ls
Employes of A Tol- Nath I Paine, 15
man Co, 68 >1 P Stockwell, 10
Mrs Calvin Wil- Cash, 10
lard, 50 Chas Nash, 10
R P Cook Co, 56 Pratt Percev, 10
L C Kenney Co, 50 W E S Pease, 10
A B Lovell, 50 Otis S Hammond, 10
W F Wheeler, 50 W Whiting ami
Mrs OK Earle, 60 employes, 12
Mrs Deborah Fates, Patrick O’Rourke, 10
Oxford, GO Airs J H Gerauld, 10
Employes of A H Earle Fuller, 10
Hammond Co, 50 Hiram N Turner, 10
C L Gorham Co, 50 Geo Waterman, 10
a Harrineton, 46 50 S A Richardson, 10
Geo Chandler, 40 Airs G E Hillyer, 10
Employes of Whit- Spaulding Knuwl-
comb Dadinun, 40 ton, lo
G T Atchison and J U Newton, lo
employes, 32 51 Wm E Pease Co,
chas Faller’s cm- Oxford, 10
ployes, addit’nal, 30 C 11 Buffum, Ox-
Employes of u ma- ford, 10
chine shop, 31 Employes of God-
J S Wheeler Co dard Nye, 10
and employes, 37 60 Employes of Chas
Employes of J D Hamilton, 7
Baldwin Co, 32 FGS& WH W, 6
11. F. Geer, N.H. Cutting, A. M. Allen, W, S.
Spring. L. Al. Lovell, Hugh .McDermott, Thomas
F. M .'Kenna, Michael Shaahy, .James Power, Eliza
beth Nash, Dexter Rice, William Ross, W illard
Humes, J. W. Wright, Thomas H. Smith, cash,
Norcross Bros, employes additional, Solon Bryant,
.Mrs. F. Hilliard, John Allman, F. W. herring
ton, dos Gross, .1. C. Bennett, E. .Jewett, George
Bieberbach, Thaddeus Robinson, Jos A. How
laud, William Brown, H. B. Verry, .lames H. Ban
croft, S. W. Phetteplace, B. F. Sibley, F. L. Mes
singer, George W. Barton, $5 each: employes of E.
IL Fiske, Jeremiah Cahill and E. Wright, $-1 each;
Hutchinson Wright, George Sweetser, employes
of W. E. Allen, Z. B. Nichols, F. E. Thurston and
William Jonnsou, $3 each; employes of A. B.
Adams, $2.30; Martin Cronan, $2.25; Charles H.
Burleigh, E. B. Smith, Augustus Mann, .lames
Young, Mrs. William Brown, Henry Manu, Al. A.
Phelan, Thomas Converoy, Jos Johnson, F. Mar
shall, E. Mowry, J. E. Black, P. Boyle, George IL
Start, William Ryan, Michael Malian, $2 each;
Mark Lind<ay and .lames Handy, $1.75 each; an
onymous subsetiptious, $8.75; E. W. Squier, D. 11.
Uederdoft, S. H. Taylor, H. Pearson, K. Waring, N.
Wilkins, L. H. Rawson, Thomas Fleming, Ernest
Guysler, B. S. Aicken, G. A. Fuller, E. T. An
drews, S. F. Field, -L B. West, W. E. Huse, E. F.
Parmenter, Lyman Hibbard, F Seymour, Nap Guer
tou, J II Shattuck, Aaron White, William Whit
ney, Peter Moran, W C Cunningham, J McDermott,
J unes T Forrest, Jerry Brastow, W 11 Seagrave, A
Reuteil, A Judge, Fullerton, Edward Morse,
Reuben Burr, M chequer. P Fallon, c Holland,
George T Quellet, S Entwistle, J McDonald, James
Campbell, P Bradshaw, H Harlow, P Geiger, T
Harman, .lames Rooney, Mrs Sarah Lincoln, P
Bushnell, S H Kimball, caeh, employes of Tyler
Seagrave, Sleach; Tuomas Craffey, 60 cents.
Worcester, Oct. 14,1871—9 P. M.
Subscriptions this day $4,438 31
Previously reported 29,364 95
Total $33,908 26
has. B. Whiting, Treasurer.
The committee have announced the city con.
tributions us follows:
Worcester, Mass.. Oct. 14, 1871.
lion. A. B. Mason, Matfor qf Chicago —Dear sir.
The enclosed slip will show you what nas been done
here during the past three days. It is probable that
much more will be added. We tecl safe in saying
that at least SBO,OOO iu cash will Im? subject to your
order, after the con'ributions of Masonic and other
bodies, (reported with the general subscription, but
which will be distributed under their own supervis
ion), have been deducted.
If you desire it, the committee here will purchase
and forward such articles as may be most needed,
under such directions as you may designate.
Very respectfully yours,
Stephen Salisbury, chairman,
Chas. B. Whiting, Treasurer
Of itizens’ Committee.
rr Worcester, Mass., Oct. 14, 1871.
h. Sarqent, Esq., Chicago: Sir: The enclosed
ollioial notice to your mayor is sent to your care, and
we trust t hat in thus availing ourselves of the ser
vices of a former townsman, and in asking you to
•onfer with the mayor as to the disposition of the
preester contribution, we may be enabled to aid
your people the more effectually, ami to accomplish
more than might otherwise result therefrom.
Very Respectfully,
Stephen Salisbury,
Chairman Citizens Committee.
COUNTY NEWS.
The Uxbridge savings bank, organized a year
ago, has now $70,000 on deposit.
Mr. David Densmore of Northborough died in
his barn, of apoplexy, on the 12th inst.
The republican convention of the second Wor
cester senatorial district will be held in Milford
on Tuesday, October 24, at 10 o’clock.
Scarlet fever is quite prevalent in East Doug
las, and several of the schools have been sus
pended to prevent the spread of the disease.
The total amount of property in Mendon, this
year, as returned by the assessors, is $641,254.
flic rate of taxation is sls per SIOOO.
Pollard’s clothing store in Leominster was
broken open on the night of the 12th, and some
SBOO worth of goods were stolen.
I Rev. J. H. Tilton of Orange, Mass., has re-
I reived and accepted a call to the pastorate of
i the North Uxbridge Baptist church and society.
Some of the leading singers of Fitchburg pro-
pose to give a grand vocal concert in aid of the
Chicago sufferers, at an early day.
Two barns and a shed in Webster, belonging
to S. Slater Sons, and tilled principally with
hay, were totally destroyed by fire on Wednes
day.
M ailer Smith of West Boylston was out gun
ning a few’ days ago, and received a charge of
shot in one leg below the knee while getting
over a fence. An account of the affair says
that he can “use his leg to some extent.”
Messrs. Whitman Miles of Fitchburg have
sent SSOO for the Chicago sufferers, and S2OOO
more have been subscribed in the town. The
other principal towns in the county are doing a
generous work in the same direction.
On the forenoon of the 13th, Ariel H. Daven
port, a carpenter, fell from the ridgepole of a
building upon which he was at work in Fitch
burg, and striking upon a pile of stones was
instantly killed. He was a married man about
fifty years of age.
The Worcester south agricultural society, of
Sturbridge, held its annual meeting on the 18th,
and re-elected Daniel Dwight of Dudley president,
and A. C. Morse, of Sturbridge, secretary and
treasurer. The treasurer’s report showed that
the profits of the year to the society, were 81000,
which goes towards the reduction of the debt of
the society.
The Douglas Herald’s proprietor received en
couraging offers from citizens of Blackstone, to
establish his paper in that town, and concluded
to do so; but after protests hom the citizens of
Douglas, accompanied by “substantial induce
ments to remain,” the publisher has consented
to do so, and will link his fortunes with those
of his towns-people in the future as in the past.
The Clinton wire cloth company is now erect
ing at their works in Clinton a new chimney,
which will be 131 feet in height above the ground,
having a granite foundation twenty feet square
and three deep; some 150,060 brick will be re
quired to complete the chimney, the total cost
amounting to about S3OOO. There are also be
ing built by the same company a new engine
house, 80x20, and a new boiler house, 65x82.
The entire steam works are being reconstructed
with a view to their location in the square,
which is enclosed by the four mills of the com
pany.
The firemen who attended theCliuton muster,
and know’ of the dissatisfaction which has found
expression in various ways since, will under
stand the following paragraph from the Clinton
Courant: “Perhaps the ‘engineers’ have made
no statement in ‘any newspaper/ but the mem
ber of the board who is clerk thereof, and who
acted as assistant marshal on the day of the
muster, gave us all the information we have on
the subject, and all that wc last week statedin
the Courant in reference thereto. If our en
gineers back up our last week’s paragraph
they are merely sustaining statements made to
us by one of their own number; on the other
hand, if they disown our (paragraph, they are
clearly ‘going back’ on their own statements.”
Two liquor cases came before Judge Jillson at
.Southbridge on Saturday Charles Marcy of
Sturbridge was fined $lO and costs for selling’
and Warren Armes of Southbridge $lO and costs
fur Keeping; both appealed and furnished bail
in the sum of S2OO each. At Webster,J Alfred
Bouchan paid $56 and costs for maintaining a
liquor nuisance; William Crowe of the same
place paid SIOO and costs for a similar offence,
and also paid|half the costs for taking and driv
ing away a team without leave, the other half
being paid by John Carraby.
Shocking Accident.—Thomas Comfort, an
employe in the mill of the Slater woolen com
pany of Webster, had one of his legs torn off
Saturday morning, while adjusting a belt. It
was thought at last accounts that he could not
live.
Delegates.—The following delegates were
chosen in West Biookfield, Saturday evening to
attend the several conventions: County, G. A.
Parrott, H. G. R.twson; councillor, C. 11. Jack
son, O. P. Maynard; senatorial, L. Fullam, E.
11. Blair, J. R. Tomblen.
At a caucus held by the republicans of Bolton,
on the 7th, delegates to the following conven
tion were chosen: County, S. H. Howe, S. F.
Edwards; councillor, Lyman Moore, J. D. Hurl
burt; senatorial, J. B. Wheeler, S. 11. Howe, E.
S. Moore, George B. Newton.
.From Washington.
FINANCIAL.
Washington, D. C., Oct. 15.—The following
statement was issued yesterday
Net receipts of fractional currency for the
week 866,500
•Shipments:
Noto.-* 1,541,892
fractional currency 501,969
The treasurer holds in trust us security for
national bank circulation 336,303,650
And for public deposits 15,619,600
Mutilated currency burned to date 64,305.924
Total amount of currency therefor 64,159,620
Balance due for mutilated notes 146,304
National bank circulation outstanding.. .323,609,692
Fractional currency redeemed and d<»-
stroyed during the week 466,400
Receipts from internal revenue to-day.... 264,421
Total for the fiscal year 41,581,785
National gold ban a circulation issued to
date 620,000
HAZING AT THE NAVAL ACADEMY.
The secretary of the. navy is determined to put
a stop to the disgraceful habit of hazing at the
naval academy. He has ordered the dismissal of
five cadet midshipmen from the academy for
persistence in this vicious practice.
COREA.
Admiral Porter anticipates serious trouble be
ween our naval forces in Asiatic waters and the
Coreaus, and advises sending thither light-draft
gunboats for operations in the interior waters—
the boats to be provided with several steam
launches for inland shallow’s, in the place of the
present vessels, which are of too heavy draft
lor such operations. Dispatches from Corea in
dicate careful preparations ou the part of the
Coreaus fur hostile demonstrations against in
truders of all nations.
PERSONAL.
Gen. Sherman goes to New York in a day or
two to attend the nuptials of Miss Smyth,’ the
youngest daughter of his old friend, in that city.
It It is asserted in government circles that no
further mercy will be extended to Hodge, the
defaulting paymaster. He must serve out the
whole of his term of ten years imprisonment at
Albany.
W. McMichael, former solicitor for internal
revenue, has received his commission as as
sistant attorney general, and will enter upon
Ids new duties Monday. Charles Chesley has
been commissioned as solicitor of revenue in
the place of McMichael.
THE SUPREME COURT.
The adjourned term of the United States su
preme court will open to-morrow. Among the
important cases to be decided is one from Ken
tucky, involving the constitutionality of the
civil rights act; another, involving the constitu
tionality of the so called Drake amendment, re
lating to the effect of pardons in the court
claims; another, involving the decision of the
disputed rights of the property of the Presbyte
rian church, north and south; another, involv
ing the question as to the binding force ot notes
given for slaves before the issuance of the eman
cipation proclamation; the decision in the hitter
case will turn on the question whether the pro
visions of the Georgia constitution prohibiting
the enforcement of any debt cons deration of
slaves, or lure thereof, is in contravention of the
article in the national constitution declaring
that no state shall make a law impairing the
obligation of contracts. ODinions on the con
stitutionality of the legal tender act—withheld
last May—will be made public. A case is ex
pected to be argued testing the constitutionality
of the cotton tax, upon which the judgment of
the court is yet to be recorded, though in a
somewhat similar ease the constitutionality has
been upheld by a divided court.
THE UNITED STATES DEPOSITORY IN CHICAGO.
Secretary Boutwell has received a despatch
from Chicago from J. K. Upton, of the treasury
department, saying the sales of the depository
were opened yesterday morning, and about 35,-
000 in mutilated currency in a small safe were
found in good condition. The rest ol the cur
rency and all the hooks and papers arc complete
ly destroyed. The coin is badly melted.
KUK LUX ARRESTS.
Advices received here yesterday say that ten
men have been arrested and lodged in jail, un
der the kuklux act, in the South Carolina dis
tricts covered by the president's proclamation.
A telegram stating that many were surrendering
themselves, is denied.
THE INDIAN POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT.
The submission of the Apacl e chieftain Cc
chise, upon whose track the philanthropists of
the Indian peace commission have been for sev
eral months, is a source of great rejoicing at
the Indian office, which had begun to fear that
they could not complete the success of the pres
ident’s Indian peace policy in time for the annu
al report of congress. The next work of the
department will be to get all the roving Apaches
a reservation; and great reliance is felt that
Cochise will tie of great service in effecting this
result.
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 16, 1871.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGBAPH
TO THE WORCESTER DAILY IPI
THE CHICAGO FIRE!
Tlie Story of Pillage!
WORK OF REBUILDING
A CITY’S ENTERPRISE!
CONDITION OF THE BANKS!
The Record of Death!
FIRES STILL UI RX BRIGHTLY!
More Records of Horror
WORK SOUGHT IN OTHER CITIES!
INCENDIARIES STILL HUNTED 1
ACTION OF THE LEGISLATURE!
Ele,, Kto., Etc.
WELCOME RAIN.
Chicago, Oct. 15.—1 t began raining here at
six o’clock yesterday morning, falling quite
heavily for two hours, and since then drizzling
showers have prevailed. Never was the rain
from heaven more grateful. The apprehension
felt by waterless inhabitants of the unburnt
parts of the city in regard to further conflagra'
tions has been greatly allayed by these timely
showers.
THWPLACES OF DEPOSIT.
The opening of vaults and safes continues to
be prosecuted as rapidly as possible. In most
instances so far the contents have been found in
a more or less perfect state of preservation. In
some cases a heap of charred leaves and melted
tin boxes is all that is found.
MORE ENCOURAGING ACCOUNTS.
Nearly all the stories which have been pub
lished of incendiarism, outrage and disordei in
Chicago prove to be false. The immediate dis
tress of the people has not been exaggerated,
and the necessity fur continual aid on a large
scale will continue for mouths. But the enter
prise of the city is awake; several new buildings
are already begun; business facilities remain,
to a greater extent than was feared, so that half
a million of bushels of grain, for example, can
still be sent forward this month, and more each
succeeding month; and the losses of the in
surance companies will be paid much more gen
erally than has been believed.
BUILDING ENTERPRISES.
The Chicago Times special of to-day says:
Already architects and builders are busy, be
yond all comparison in building annals, first
for temporary structures for merchants whase
new stocks are already under way. Among
others a row of two story stores with eight inch
partition walls, are going up along the east side
of Michigan avenue, on Lake park, giving two
thousand feet frontage for wholesale stores.
Farwell, and Field, Leiter Co., and others
have a mammoth shed on Dearborn park. In
the long row, on Michigan avenue, are Hibbard
Spencer, Hall Kimback, and their late
neighbors in heavy lines of trade.
The post office is located in the basement of
the Plymouth church, corner of Congress street
and Wabash avenue. Matt Laflin and his ener
getic sons are putting things to rights for eigh
teen stores, to be put up this fall and winter.
The Illinois Central railroad company have al
ready taken measures for a million dollars of
building expenditures on the depot grounds.
The Lake Shore company and Rock Island rail
road have already set in motion operations that
will put their vast structure into its former con
dition at once. Work on the new Palmer house
is ordered forward. Investigation by the archi
tect shows that the great Pacific hotel can be
finished in September, 1872. The Sherman
house can be at once rebuilt. The Tremont,
Briggs, Metropolitan Revere, Adams, the new
Bigelow and, probably, the Clifton, will not be
restored, as most of them are structures of the
old time. The ruins of the court house and city
hall will probably have to be taken down.
THE BANKS.
The banks are doing their best. Most of them
have gone down to Wabash avenue, near the
post office, where residences are rapidly filling
with office tenants. The State savings institu
tion has lodgings just below Twelfth street.
The Merchants' savings has gone into quarters
at the corner of Peck court. Other financial
institutions are finding accommodations in ave
nue residences and on the west side. A vast
business shed is going up on the long vacant lot
at the corner of Twelfth street and Wabash ave
nue.
OTHER ENTERPRISES.
George C. Cook Co. will at once start a
wholesale grocery in Mr. Scammon's cheiished
garden, at the south end of Michigan terrace.
The Western Union telegraph company have
taken Burlington hall. The great express com
panies and the newspapers found shelter in the
large solid stores on the west side.
THE STORY OF DEATH.
The total number of bodies taken from the
ruins up to the present time is one .hundred,
most of them being found on the north side in
Kingsbury street and Chicago avenue. Six
teen bodies were burned beyond recognition.
Twenty victims were found on Bremer street, in
one block, and an equal number lay in Kings
bury street. The coroner states that he has held
ninety-one inquests. Nearly all the dead are
buried in the county Potter’s field, no one being
able to recognize the bodies. Henry Ullman,
banker, was found dead in the Sherman house,
and his remains were sent to Racine for burial.
Several bodies were found in the west side ruins
and are being recognized. A sensation is caused
by the rumor that Mrs. N. S. Davis and her
daughter, Mrs. James, are among the victims.
Mrs. Davis was one of the most highly es
teemed physicians. The remains of six victims,
taken out to-day, are at the morgue.
THE FIRES STILL BURN.
The fires still burn brightly among the mil
lions of tons of coal, lighting up the whole city
at night, but no danger is apprehended, as en
gines continue to work day and night. More
hose and engines are wanted.
MORE RECORDS OF HORROR.
Hundreds of citizens met in the streets are
horribly burned about the face and head. Many
children are supposed to be in the ruins. Sev
eral bodies were found in the privy vaults to
day, literally roasted alive.
LESS DEATHS THAN REPORTED.
It is now believed that the number of victims
does not exceed two hundred, as many supposed
to be lost have been found. The report that Dr.
Feer and family perished in the historical acad
emy was incorrect. The report of the death of
Geo. B. Carpenter and wife was also incorrect.
GRAIN.
The entire loss of grain falls short of the receipts
the week previous. The grain register’s official
report of the amount of grain burned, in bush
els, is: Central elevator “A”—wheat 174,028
bushels, corn 176,500, oats 93,508, rye 86,080,
barley 69,654; total, 549,860. Munger Ar
mour's elevators—corn 134,024, rye 71,919, bar
ley 189,700; total, 395,673. Hiram Wheeler’s
elevator—wheat 183,309, oats 94,288; total, 227,-
547; Galena elevator—wheat 811,605; national el
evator—whcatJO,ooo, corn 83,000, oats 47,242,
rye 7984, barley 821; total, 150,090.
FREE PASSES.
Passes are being issued by the relief com
mittee to the utterly destitute, to all poiuts of the
United Swtes where they can find work and
shelter. All passes hereafter will be signed by
George M. Pullman, chairman, and counter
signed by the agents appointed by each of the
railroads. Roads forming parts of lines lead
ing from Chicago are respectfully requested to
notify the chairman of their willingness to
honor such passes.
PROVISIONS NEEDED.
We arc informed by General Sheridan that
the present stock of provisions will not last
twenty-four hours if not continually replen
ished. Clothing for women and children is
specially needed.
INCENDIARIES STILJ HINTED.
There is still considerable excitement over the
reports of attempted incendiarism, particularly
in the west division. The arrest of prisoners
charged with the fiendish work still continues.
A patrol guards every street and alley. The
Tribune says that the fate of such miscreants
should be certain and sure.
THE LEGISLATURE.
An informal joint convention of the legisla
ture was assembled yesterday afternoon at Stan
dard hall in this city. Lieutenant Governor
Dougherty presided, and John A. Logan, in be
half of the committee at a meeting of the citi
zens, presented a report. It suggests that the
lien held on the Illinois and Michigan canal for
three millions by the city of Chicago, should be
assumed by the state, as provided tor in the in
ternal improvement act, passed at the recent
session of the legislature, and that that amount
be paid to the city at once, and that the state
should at once provide for the support of the
various charitable institutions now sustained by
the city and county. The insane hospital, &e.,
were discussed by General Logan, who spoke
eloquently, S. S. Hayes, Win. B. Ogden, Sen
ator Fuller, Samuel W. Fuller, Rev. William A.
Bartlett ami others, and then it was referred to
the joint convention for their consideration at
Springfield. It was also suggested that the
state taxes for 1871 be remitted, amt a new as
sessment, in accordance with the present condi
tion of affairs, be made.
BUMM AII Y PUNISH MENT.
A special to the New York Herald says:—
“Roughs will find it to their personal safety if
they will give Chicago a very wide berth al pres
ent. The citizens are bitter against these
harpies, and a suspicion is equal to a death
warrant. Incendiaries, particularly, meet with
swift retribution. This afternoon some woman
detected a young|man, aged about twenty-three
years, in the act of firing a house on the west
side. A party of men took him to the nearest
telegraph pole and hung him with telegraph
wire. I was waiting for a fresh horse at the
livery stable, 456 State street, this evening, when
an alarm of fire was given, and two policemen
rushed to the house No. 468 and emerged with
a woman, whom they caught setting fire to a
straw bedtick. It was just as much as they
could possibly do to save her from the vengeance
of the infuriated crowd.
a refugee’s story.
Miss Annie Fries, who has managed to reach
New York, says her father was a wealthy jew
eler. She left home two days before the fire;
was staying two blocks away from her father’s
house; Sunday night saw the house on fire; a
gang of loafers were throwing kerosene into it;
she fled to her home, which she found on fire;
some men seized her, put her into a street ear,
and she was borne rapidly to the west side;
father and mother perished. She has a sister
in Bohemia.
FURIOUS GALE.
A furious gale last night was almost a hurri
cane by midnight, but subsided before morning.
It caused much alarm to the citizens, especially
those residing in the vicinity of the late lire.
Fire brands were blown in every direction. Skel
eton walls were prostrated, shaking the build
ings in the vicinity. The excitement and alarm
were scarcely less than on the night of the
great disaster.
THE SABBATH.
The Sabbath has been recognized in a marked
manner in all the churches left standing. Iu
many instances two and three congregations of
different religious tenets worshipped in the same
edifice.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bodies arc continually found in excavations.
The railroads arc running regularly from tem
porary depots.
The city is quiet and peaceable. The supply
of food is ample for the present.
The water works are expected to resume on
Monday.
Lumber has advanced three dollars per thou
sand. Coal is sold at old prices.
Drake of the Tremont house has taken the
Michigan avenue hotel.
The light of the fire was seen at Cherona, 111.,
a distance of 110 miles.
The demoralization of the masses is subsiding
and good order is beginning to rule.
Arrangements have been made by which
speedy and safe transfer of passengers is made
through Chicago.
The Union Stock Yard national bank was not
disturbed by the tire, and in consequence tbeir
business was not interrupted.
Rumors of hanging and shooting incendiaries
are set at rest by the coroner, who denies them,
point blank.
It is now’ estimated by good judges that the
panic Sunday night and Monday morning
caused the premature death of several hundred
children. One physician estimates the number
at five hundred. Painful reports are given of
the suftbring among the sick and infirm.
The arrival of troops is hailed with general
satisfaction, and the burned districts are lull of
them—some in guard bquads marching to ami
fro, and orderlies galloping from point to point.
Mayor Mason turned over the city to General
Sheridan this morning, ami we are to all intents
and purposes under martial law.
in the destruction of the historical society
rooms everything was lost, including an exten
sive library and the original emancipation pro
clamation; complete sets of files of Chicago
newspapers, complete sets of Chicago battle
flags, the Healy gallery of three hundred valua
ble paintings, Delhi’s Hamlet, contoures of the
Prodigal son and Volke’s bust ot Lincoln, the
only one for which Mr. Lincoln ever held a life
sitting. The library embraced 17,500 bound
volumes and 17,000 pamphlets.
IjObm*n nail Inaurnurr.
THE SUN OF CLEVELAND.
New York, Oct. 15.—A despatch states that
the loss of the Sun company, of Cleveland, will
not exceed the amount of the gross surplus.
the western, of buffalo.
The Western company, of Buffalo, has un
doubtedly failed. A despatch received this noon
announces that if the assets w ill cover the losses
the company will resume, with new capital, but
if the liabilities are in excess of the resources, a
new company will be organized. We under
stand that the company had large lines of insur
ance on the elevators.
THE COMMERCE, OF NEW YORK.
The Commerce of this city, loses but $20,000,
instead of SBO,OOO as incorrectly reported hereto
fore.
THE CORN EXCHANGE, Of NEW YORK.
The Corn Exchange had $61,000 risks in
Chicago, instead of 800,000, as has been reported.
A dispatch in regard to the Hartford com
panies says: “Representatives ot all the Hart
ford companies arc now in Chicago. The /Etna,
Hartford and Phoenix companies will pay claims
in full. The Merchants’, Connecticut, North
American and Charter Oak have suspended
business, but will meet their claims so tar as
assets go. The City and Putnam have no defi
nite information concerning their losses. It is
reported that the agency records of the Jitna
were destroyed. The Merchants’ losses are re
ported as $850,000, those of the Noith Ameri
can $600,000, ami those of the Charter Oak
SBOO, (MM).”
THE MANHATTAN, OF NEW YORK.
The Manhattan insurance company has re
solved to suspend business. Its losses stand at
a million and a quarter. The company possess
es a large surplus, besides the capital. It is not
expected that there will be any loss to the in
sured.
THE EMPIRE, OF NEW YORK.
The president of the Empire City eompanv,
which was reported yesterday as having lost a
quarter of a million, states that it sustained no
loss.
THE STUYVESANT BANK.
The general expression at the meeting of the
stockholders of the Stuyvesant bank, last night,
was that there was no hope for its future.
THE NATIONAL, OF BOSTON.
The announcement is made that the National
insurance company of Boston has subscribed to
guarantee a fund sufficient to cover all its Chi
cago and other Josses. SHB
THE PACIFIC, OF RAN FRANCISCO.
The Pacific insurance company of San Fran
cisco have arranged to pay all losses, and con
tinue business.
THE PUTNAM, OF HARTFORD.
The Putnam fire insurance company of Hart
lord have just received information from their
general auent from Chicaeo, and announce that
the company must suspend business. The offi-
eers arc attempting lo organize another com pu
ny, with a new capital, to take, its place imme
diately, with a good prospect of success.
THE LOSSES OF DIFFERENT COMPANIES.
The fullowing additional reports are re
ceived
Hartford.
Merchants’ $300,600
North America 600,000
Charter Oak 300,000
Boston.
Suffolk $23,500
.Van York.
Commerce $26,000
'orn Exchange 61,000
Manhattan 1,250,000
Tradesmen's 15,050
Baltimore.
Merchants’ and Mechanics’ $150,000
Union 25.000
Mary laud 12,060
Potomac 10.0C0
People's 17.000
Peabod v 10,000
National 35.000
Aid for the Muil«?riiiß.
VARIOUS ITEMS.
The Oriental print works in Rhode Island
(Jordan, Marsh Co.) have sent 5228 to (.’hi-
The contributions of Lynn have readied fully
$15,000. Fifteen large boxes of clothing have
been scut forward, and additional contributions
are constantly flowing in.
The Odd Fellow s of Pawtucket, who had made
arrangements for a grand demonstration ou the
25th inst., voted to indefinitely postpone it and
contribute the money appropriated to the Chica
go fund.
The London Times states that the lord mayor
has received £17,000 as the result of two day’s
subscriptions to the Chicago relief fund, and
that lists have been opened for the reception of
contributions at Birmingham, Bradford, Haw.
ley and other towns in manufacturing districts.
At a public meeting in Andover, Joseph N.
Smith, John Smith and Peter Smith subscribed
SIOOO each, and a committee was appointed to
extend the list. Boxes and barrels forwarded
b\ the ladies, on Wednesday, contained articles
valued at SBOOO.
The subscriptions in Lowell for the relief of
the Chicago sufferers have reached about S3OOO,
and w ill undoubtedly be inereasal to 510,000
early next week. The almost standstill in busi
ness, on account of the sanitary condition of the
city, has greatly hindered the success of the sub
script ions.
It is believed that the Odd Fellows of New
Yotk stale have raised $20,000 for Chicago.
At Bclleiont, Pa., contributions by the citi
zens in aid of Chicago are thought to equal one
dollar to each inhabitant.
Collections were taken in the churches at
Washington for the benefit of Chicago. Liberal
donations in clothing were made at the Metro
politan church, and immediately sent by ex
press.
At San Francisco some Chinese merchants
gave *I3OO unsolicited.
Collections were taken in all the churches in
Bangor, yesterday.
BOSTON S SUNDAY CHARITY.
Boston, Oct. 15. —The Chicago conflagration
was alluded to in nearly all the city pulpits to
day, and members of the congregations who had
not previously given to the relief fund, were in
vited to hand their contributions to the church
officers. In some of the churches collections
were taken in the usual way.
THE BUFFALO FAIR.
Buffalo, Oct. 15.—The international indus
trial exhibition closed last evening, but an exhi
bition will be held Monday for the benefit of
Chicago.
WHAT new haven is doing.
New Haven, Oct. 15. —New Haven has con
tributed about §30,000, thus far, for Chicago.
Subscriptions were taken up in most of the
churches to-day, nearly SBOOO being taken. It
is expected that $40,000 will be raised.
PARIS RESPONDS TO THE CRY OF SUFFERING.
Paris, Oct. 15.—A meeting of citizens of the
United States was held last night, at the rooms
of the Washington chib, to take action for the
relief of (’hicago. Minister Washburne pre
sided, and made an eloquent appeal. Speeches
were also made by Gen. Banks, J. Meredith
Read, American consul general, and Mr. Toper,
of Georgia. Two hundred thousand francs
were subscribed.
ADDITIONAL SUBSCRIPTIONS.
The following are reported:
New York $1,000,000
Brooklyn 700,000
Lynn 15,000
Baltimore 200,000
New Haven 30.000
San Francisco 10,00 u
Sacramento 20,000
Oakland, Cal 10,000
Paris 40,(XX)
Trenton 17,000
Rome, N. Y 2,OCX)
I'lain held, N. J 1,000
Pittsburg, Pa 100,000
Fall River 25,000
Cohoes, N. 7 000
Oswego 12,000
Newark 30,000
Newcastle, Eng S,(XX)
Salt Lake City 25,(XX)
Bangor 7,000
Utica 30,000
The English list of subscriptions is as follows:
Corporation of London $5,000
Private citizens of London 85,(MX)
Messrs. Baring of London 5,000
Messrs. Rothschild of lAHidon 5.000
Messrs. Morgan of London 5,000
Messrs. Brown, Sheph y CO. of London 5,000
Great Western railway of Canada, Loudon.. 5,000
Grand Trunk railway of Canada, Loudon... 5,000
Liverpool chamber of Commerce 2,510
American chamber ot commerce, Liverpool. 1,300
Total (gold) $73,800
A QUEENLY GIFT.
Berlin, Oct. 15.—The empress, gratefully re
membering the kindly feeling shown by the
Americans for Germany during the war, sends
1000 thalers to the committee formed here lor
the relief of the sufferers in Chicago.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AT BRUSSELS.
Brussels, Oct. 15.—The merchants of the
Brussels exchange have appointed a committee,
which is receiving subscriptions for ('hicago.
THE Good WORK IN VIENNA.
Vienna, Oct. 15.—Mr. Jay, American minis
ter, has opened subscriptions for assistance to
Chicago.
GOOD TIDINGS FROM EDINBURG.
London, Oct. 15—A meeting was held in
Edinburg last night, laird Provost presiding.
Resolutions of sympathy for the people of Chi
cago were adopted, and subscriptions opened.
N EWCABTLE CONTRIBUTEH.
At Newcastle, yesterday, a mass meeting was
held and XIOOO subscribed.
Viirioun liriuN.
The unfounded rumor that the Sacramento
savings bank los* heavily by the Chicago tire
caused a run, but all demands were met
promptly.
Many Americans are leaving London for
home, on account of the calamity at Chicago.
General Burnside will sail on Tuesday.
The secretary of the treasury has authorized
the United States treasurer to issue $1,500,000
United States notes, to replace the notes and
national bank notes burned in the government
vault at Chicago.
Geo. 11. Stuart, of Philadelphia, has received
a telegram from Dr. Robert Patterson, Chicago,
entreating him to organize a work similar to
the Christain commission, in aid oi the suffer
ing thousands left homeless and penniless there.
1 he rates of tire insurance in New York have
been very heavily advanced this week, and a
very extensive business has been transacted by
those companies which seemed sound and un
shaken by the recent train upon their capital.
Many of them are obliged to keep extra clerks
on duty very late every night to write up poli
cies applied for during the day.
Other Fires.
AN AWFUL PICTURE OF DESOLATION.
Detroit, Oct. 15.—News received yesterday
confirms the previous reports oi the desolation
inflicted by the fires in various parts of the state
frem Port Huron to Point aux Basques. The
lake shore is almost deserted, the inhabitants
were burned out and obliged to flee for their
lives, saving nothing. Ihe particulars of the
Manistee Holland city fires also give a more
disastrous aspect than the first report. All the
energies of the people of this city are now di
rected to aiding the sufferers of our own state.
Contributions of money, provisions, and cloth
ing are being made. The central relief commit
tee sent a special agent to Manistee with SSOOO
in supplies and SIOOO in cash, also an agent to
Poit Huron with clothes, provisions, &c. Col
lections will be taken in all the churches to
morrow in aid of the Michigan sufferers. In
most of the churches throughout the state relief
committees arc being formed. The. government
work to-day is being pushed with energy.
AT HOLLAND, MICH.,—ANOTHER CITY DE
STROYED.
New York, Oct. 15. —A letter from Professor
Beck, of Hope college, Holland, Mich., says:
“Two thirds of the city was destroyed In the
fire. Beginning with the Third church, it made
a clean sweep of one mile wide and two miles
long. Every store was burned, all the churches,
but the Old First and the Speeders, a large grist
mill, factories, &c. Hundreds of families aie
destitute, many only escaping with the clothes
on their backs.
TERRIBLE CONDITION of AFFAIRS AT MAN
ISTEE.
Grand Rapids, Mich., Oct. 15.—General
Cutcheon, of Manistee, with his wife ami chil
dreu, has just arrived, having lost everything ex
cept the clothing worn by himself and family.
He says that a great multitude at Manistee are
in the same condition, being without shelter,
bedding, clothing or food. There are 1000 peo
ple in need of immediate help. Manistee is
away from any farming community, from farm
er’s supplies, and without railway communica
tion, consequently her case is not only a desti
tute one but really perilous.
PR ICE 4 CENTS.
loss $100,000,000.
Tl.c following interesting letter from a postal
agent was receivedin this city yesterday: “It
seems as if the tire fiend was on my track. I
have this morning a dispatch to come imme
diately to Saginaw All northeastern Michigan
is in flames. TheCliicagocahimitv overshadows
all others, yet my advices go to show that
Michigan has already in the past week lost SIOO,-
006,000 worth of property by fire. Northeastern
Wisconsin is also all aflame.”
<»N THE MOUNTAINS —LOSS NOT STATED.
San Francisco, Oct. 15.—-Fires prevail on
the mountains the whole length of California.
FURTHER PARTICULARS OF THE GREAT FIBRIN
THE NORTHWEST.
Detriot, Oct. 15.—0 n Sunday night, about
nine o’clock, fire broke out in the southern part
of the Belgian settlement at Brussels, iu Dorr
county, and raged w ith terrific violence, destroy
ing 180 houses and leaving nothing of a large
and flourishing settlement but five houses Nine
persons were missing, supposed to have perish
ed in the flames. On Monday morning 200 peo
ple breakfasted on four loaves of bread. House
less and homeless they camped on the land, and
seemed to be struck dumb with their great losses.
Their houses, barns, implements of farming,
house furniture and cattle have been burned and
destroyed. The roads arc filled with carcases of
horses, cattle, sheep and hogs, suffocated bv
smoke and heat.
Williamsons’s mills are reported Imrned. Sco
field’s new’ mill in Brussels was burned, and
fifty-four persons are reported burned. The in
habitants during the conflagration only saved
their lives by throwing themselves on the ground
and covering their heads. Thev had no warn
ing of the approach of the fire, except the ring
ing of the church bell for a few minutes in ad
vance. Then suddenly a great tire came down
on them from the woods, roaring like, a catar
act, and they had no time to save anything.
The heavens were all ablaze and the earth also
seemed on fire.
LATER AND MORE TERRIBLE AND HEARTREND
ING DETAILS.
Milwaukee, Oct. 15.—Later accounts from
northern Wisconsin confirm all the previous re
ports and minors. The loss of life in the neigh
borhood of Peshtigo reach 1200. Fifteen per
cent, of the injured cannot recover. The fire
swept over a tract of country eight or ten miles
wide. Every building and’ fence, and all the
timber were completely destroyed. The popula
lation of Peshtigo was 2666, one-third of whom
perished that fearful night. Reports from the
eastern shore of Green Bay place the loss of
life fully as high as at Peshtigo. The mayor of
Milwaukee has issued an appeal to the people of
the country for aid.
The loss of life on the east shore, in Dover
and Kewanee countVs, is appalling. Great num
bers of wounded Igive been brought to Green
Bay. Men and women were partially roasted
alive, their eyes burned out and ears burned off.
ATTEMPT TO BURN SYRACUSE.
Syracuse, Oct. 15. —There were seven distinct
fires last night, six the work of incendiaries
Fortunately no great damage was done, his
supposed there was a plot to burn the city. Ex
traordinary precautionary measures have been
taken.
AT GORHAM, ME.—LOSS $9006.
Portland, Oct. 15. —The corn factory of the
Portland packing company, Gorham, was burned
this morning. Company’s loss $7660 to $8000;
insured. The building, owned by J. T. Park
hurst, was valued at $2500; not insured; incen
diary.
FROM EUROPE.
France.
RESULT OF THE EI.ECTIONS.
Versailles, Get. 15.—Official returns from
the elections for members of assembly arc yet
incomplete, but so far as received thev show
there has been elected 94 Bonapartists, 194 legit
imists, 201 radicals, 494 moderates, and BG7 lib
eral conservatives.
The Prince Jerome Bonaparte election for
Corsica is to be investigated, the choice being
contested on the ground that the prince does
not pay taxes in Corsica.
THE COMMERCIAL TREATY.
President Thiers lias formally announced to
the legislative committee that the customs
treaty lor Alsace ami Lorraine is signed, ami
only awaits ratification. He states that the
principle of reciprocity is recognized; the pay
ment of the fourth half milliard of the indemni
ty is to be completed liefore the end of March,
the evacuation of French territory will com
mence within a fortnight after the ratification
of the treaty, and Germany cedes to France a
small strip of territory. The Journal Gfflciel
says: The treaty consists of three separate eon
ventions; one rectifying the frontiers; one pro
viding for the payment of the indemnity, ami
involving the withdrawal of German troops
from France; ami another relating to customs.
The last stipulates that the products of Alsace
Lorraine will be permitted to enter France free
twelve months, ami accords the same privilege
to the products of France entering those terri
tories.
REPUBLICAN MEETING BROKEN UP.
A meeting of the republican alliance at St.
Etienne was broken up by the police yesterday.
Important documents were seized. Searches are
being made at the homes of members of the al
liance.
THE TUNNEL.
Traffic by the Mont Cenis tunnel will begin
to-morrow, lines of connecting railroad being
completed.
Great Hriiuin.
A STRONG APPEAL FROM TIIE LONDON TIMES.
London Get. 15—The T/mcxbasa lendingai
ticle in which, reviewing the Chicagocouli igra
tion and the great fires now’ raging in the fields
of the Northwest, ami adducing the prompt ac
tion ot the United States authorities in suppress
ing the attempted Fenian invasion of Manitoba
under O’Neill, it draws the conclusion that
England ami Englishmen are herein furnished
with every incentive to labor and to give for the
alleviation of the suffering caused by the dread
ful calamities in die West. Nearly all the rail
way, express and steamer lines announce their
readiness to transport contributions for Chicago
free.
Npaiu.
POLITICAL MEETING.
Madrid, Oct. 15. —A workingmen’s meeting,
last night, resolved to nominate candidates to
represent them in the cortes ami the municipal
government. A large meeting of federalists
and republicans was held to-day. The proceed
ings were orderly.
Mwedm.
SUDDEN DEATH OF A MINISTER.
Stockholm, Oct. 15.—Count Waclitmeister,
minister of foreign affairs, dropped dead in the
street, yesterday, of apoplexy.
Aiiwtrin.
MINISTERIAL CRISIS.
Vienna, Oct. 15.—A cabinet crisis is again
threatened. Beust declares that he will resign
if the demands of the Czechs are complied with.
The emperor’s decision is unknown.
Our New York Dispatches.
New’ York,Oct. 15.—Deputy Controller Green
has succeeded in raising, ou his own responsi
bility, sufficient to pay oil’ the six weeks’ wages
due the “large pipe” laborers.
Deputy Controller Green yesterday paid the
commissioner of charities SIOO,OOO.
A number of sinecure attendants on the court
of general sessions were removed Saturday.
It is rumored that George Jones, of the Times,
is on the new grand jury.
The council of political reform last evening
elected Wm. M. Evans president, and Eugene
Kelly, Wm. 11. Aspinwall, James W. Beekman
and Oscar Zollicotfer vice presidents.
The wholesale markets during the past week
have been only moderately active, at higher
rates. Flour was tolerably active and higher,
closing quiet. Wheat has been comparatively
quiet at well-sustained prices, closing firm.
Corn has been in good demand and higher. Pork
was active at advanced rates, but prices declined
at the close. Sugars have been dull at nominal
rales. Cotton was fairly active at somewhat
lower quotations.
Col. James Fisk, Jr., appeared before United
States Commissioner Osborne yesterday, to jus
tify in the sum of SIOO,OOO in the case of appeal
from Judge Blatchford’s decision awarding
$84,000 to John Pinton and others against the
Narragansett company’s steamer Bristol, for
damages sustained by a collision. Mr. Fisk af
firmed that he owns the lease and building of
the Filth Avenue theatre, and is part owner of
the Grand opera house, ten houses on Twenty
third street, and seven on Twenty-fourrh street.
There is an incumbrance of $300,000 on the
Grand opera house and seven houses on Twenty
third sheet, and his outstanding debts du not
exceed $16,000. The Grand opera house he val
ues at $2,000,000. The affirmation is to be pre
sented to Judge Blatchford lor acceptance on
Monday.
The commissioners of emigration have appro
priated a (thousand dollars, to secure against
loss the witnesses necessary for the conviction
of emigrant swindlers.
Capt. Joseph Mattison, formerly of the navy,
died Sat unlay.
Douglas, of the Sappho, lias challenged Sam
uels’ Dreadnaught to a rat e of twenty-five miles
to the windward and back in a ten knot breeze.
Bennett’s Dauntless offers the Dreadnaught
a similar match.
Samuel Gunther and wife have lieen arrested,
charged with robbing a blind man, named Jo
seph Arnheim, of a SIOOO bond.
Charles Moore, under $12,000 bail as an emi
grant swindler, has fled to Europe.
It is reported that the Western Union tele
graph company has effected a loan in Europe,
and will cancel four millious of its stuck.
There was some excitement in political circles
yesterday at the prospect of a democratic split
in (Brooklyn. The democratic leaders openly
avow their determination to oppose the re-nomi
nation of Martin Kalbfliesch for mayor, and that
Samuel D. Morris, the democratic district attor
ney, will be thrown overboard, is undoubted. It
is almost certain that Kalbfliesch and Morris
will run for the offices named iudepenutly of the
party organizations,
ADVEKTISIAG KAT>:m.
1> Daily Hpt—For the “Square’ often line* soil
agate type, 1 time7s eta.; each aubaeqnent Insertion St
Cla.; 1 week |2.75; 2 weeks >4.00; 1 month Jb 00; 1 year
>6o—and the mme rate proportionally lor any number o
squarea. Two Unes for one week >1.00; three line >1 25;
fi.urllne. >1.37; five lineal so. Local notices 25 cents
per line for each insertion. BuMneHs notices |5 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolution, Ac.. 15centsp«r Uns
Legal advertisements >1 00 per square for first inner
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
1 paper, an.i special Myles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wf.kkly Spy—First insertion >I.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months >7.00; one
year >25.00.
Sporting Affairs.
mystic PARK.
Boston, Oct. 15 The fall meeting at Mystic
park was continued yotvrday. The following
summaries show the result:
Mvhtic Park. Sat unlay. Oct. 14. ptir-o «i)0 for
horses that Mover beat 2:.T2; S3OO Io first, slsu to aec
haniX ,0 tIUnL ,nil heat bt’st 3ins3n
Peter Mam e's b g YV If Allen 111
Din el Mace's ch s olonel Moulton..’ 2 2 2
J \V hlston’s s g Clarence a a
J Dustin's br g Frank Palmer 4 3
D Jenkins’ k s Joe Brown drawn
Quar. Half. Mile
bt Heat 3«« I ]s 2
2d 8» a 1;18«
3d 38 1:14 2-27 V
Mystic Park. Saturday. Oct. 14.-Purse 320<>i;
$1506 to first and $506 to second. Mile heats, best
3 in 5. in harness.
Be nJ. Daniel's b. ni. American Girl... .2 2 111
Dani. Mace’s br. g. George Palmer... .1 12 2 2
TIME.
Qnar. Half. Mile.
Ist Heat 36 l:10J£ 2:25
2nd 1:12 2 25W
3d 36 1:11
4th 36 1:13 2:27%
sth as 1:14% 2:28%
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Oct. 15.—The corner stone of the
new post office will be laid with Masonic cere
monies at two, p. m., to-morrow, in the presence
of President Grant, Postmaster General Cres
well, Secretaries Boutwell, Belknap, Robeson,
and other dignitaries. Postmaster Burt, of Bos
ton, and the officers connected with the depart
ment in New England have arranged for the
entertainment of the united guests of the post
iJlice department. The ixist masters of Montreal
Si. John, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore’,
Washington, Albany, Syracuse, Rochestei, Buf
lalo, Detroit, Providence, Portland, ami other
cities have signified tbeir acceptance to attend
the ceremonies, and will be present. In the ab
sence of the general banquet, which was waived
at the suggestion of the president, a number of
liberal citizens are proposing private entertain
ments for the distinguished guests.
CONNECTICUT.
New Haven, Get. 15.—Judge Harrison render
ed an important decision afiecting newspapers
Saturday. The proprietors of the Sunday Morn
ing Union were found guilty ot libel, ami fined
heavily.
MAIN K
Bangor, Get. 15.—Rogers S. Stanley, of Sedg
wick, seventeen years old, fell from the mam
boom of a vessel yesterday, and was drowned.
Criminal Record.
THE CHASE OF THE PRISONERS.
San Francisco, Get. 15.—F. M. Ixane, the
guard wounded during the break out of the
prisoners at Carson, Nevada, last month, died
yesterday. Jones, one of the most desperate of
the gang, is closely pursued in the Sierra Ne
vada.
THE HIGH PRIEST OF SIN.
Salt Lake, Oct. 15.—Monday morning is
fixed for Brigham Young to plead to the indict
ment of lascivious cohabitation.
The Wcntlirr.
Washington, Get. 15, 7 p. m—Probabili
ties.—The barometer will probably rise in New
England ami on the lakes and southwesiward,
but cloudy weather ami local rains will continue
throughout the Atlantic states. Cloud ami rain
are also probable for the rest of the night from
Ohio to Arkansas and Alabama, followed by
clearing weather Monday.
Fxcitriuent in the Intlimi Territory.
St. Louis, Get. 15.—A dispatch from Fort
Scott, Kansas.says that Mr. Kinard, a clerk in
the Creek Indian agency, reports great excite
ment throughout the Indian territoiy, in conse
quence of a quarrel among the Creeks, and
thinks that war between Cochoka, the lawful
chief, and his rebellious subjects a foregone con
clusion. The two factions met at Oemulgee on
Saturday last armed to the teeth, and the agent
had extreme difficulty in preventing a collision.
II United States troops are not sent immediately
a terrible fight will certainly ensue.
Abbreviated DinpatchcN.
At Charleston there was one death from yel
low fever, Saturday, ami one yesterday.
A sail boat, containing four brothers, named
Tripp, was upset near Hyde Park, N. Y., yester
day. Joseph was drowned.
apt. J. S. Ellison, who participated in the
battle of Lundy’s Lane, died at Sacramento ou
Saturday.
Telegraphic communication between Hong
Kong and Nagaski has been intcrfcre.l will?,
the Chinese having picked up the cable ami sto
len some of it.
The secretary of the treasury is prevented by
pressure of public business from going to Bos
ton. He will make a brief visit next week tu
bis home 111 Massachusetts.
P FX' IA L ATT B N TIO N
Dr. Li» lif liill
WILL BE AT THE
BAI STATE HOUSE,
ON
Thursday, Friday Saturday,
OCT. 10, SO and 31,
where lie can be consulted on all diseases of tile
EYE.EAR, NOSE, THROAT AND CHEST.
fi Consultation fn e. wltA’.hif 013
SURE CURE!
JOHNSTON’S
Rheumatic
Compound!
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WARRANTED—NO CURE, NO FAY
See testimonials in Evening Gazette.
AGENCY WITH
EDWIN A. MARKEV,
Apothecary
IN BAY STATE lIOIsE
dtf
PATEN T OFFKJK BUSIN ESS- Amerl
can ana Foreign Patents prueured.Keiected Ap
Plications re-argued; Interference Cases Prosecuted:
Opinions given ua to ihe validity and infringement of
Patents and Suits prosecuted and defended In the U. 8 J
Courts, by T lo II BODQE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of|the
uoard of Appeals, U. 8. Patent office,) Counsellor at
'.»w, and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodge.*
Block, eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester.
u 24 d&wtf
QLIVKR’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN' STREET OLD NO. 81D
my 24 dtf
DASHA ALL’S
ARABIAN COFFEE,
Our Lb. Foil Package* 4OLb.<’atei.
RETAIL PRICE, ‘JQ CENTS A POUND.
CHEAPI
HEALTDY
ECONOMIC AI.
BELICIOVS I
TRY IT.
cr-urocers. send lor Price List.
GEORGE N. ADAMS A CO..
st <Ltw3m W 0 A M 2 Washington st.. New Yor
OYSTERS!— Our arrangements with the
Planters an<l Shippers at Providence, Fair Haven,
au<l orwieh, are such as we have
Fresh Oyetere three tiurrs every day,
and are prepared to turatah dealers, hotels. saloons, and
private families at the lowest possible rates
Uountiy orders promptly attended to.
Nt M. O'GR AIM A SON.
■d» AIM Main St.
I A DIES’ CHILD RE N\S DRESSES
XND UNVJIK tiAR''FNTs out and made, ai H
Highland all <itw* of