m 6(!lomsttr §ailg Spg
I* IRI.ISII E» EVE It Y NOKMXO.
(SrKDAT EXCEPTED.)
t 9(1 |»er year, If |»tiid trlotly In ailvnuct
UlbcrnUe, 75 Ceuta per Month.
(The Massachusetts Sprr,
ESTABLISHED Jt'LT, 1770.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At 99 per Annum.
•I 1). HALDWIX A CO., Vroprletora-
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
Mcrrtcstcr jlailn §pn.
CITY NEWS.
Blake Robinson make nn announcement
this morning. Sec advertisement.
The second social assembly of the Fifth
Light Battery will be given this evening at
Hoiticultural hall.
Photographs of past and present citizens ol
Worcester, the balance of Mr. G. R. Beckham's
collection, arc to be sold at auction at A. E
Peek’s picture store this evening.
The masquerade and fancy dress ball, at State
Guard armory, last evening, was well attended,
and was evidently much enjoyed. Many gro
tesque and not a few beautiful and showy eos
fumes appeared.
The fair and festival at Trinity church closed
last evening, having been liberally patronized,
an 1 afforded much pleasure io the large number
of people present. The proceeds arc to be ap
plied to paying for the organ, a work which
the ladies of the church are endeavoring to ac
complish.
The many friends of J. P. Howland visited
him at his residence on Aubun place, last eve
ning, and surprised him with a gift of several
articles of silver plate. Mr. S. E. Staples made
a speech on presenting them, which was re
sponded to hv Mr. Howland. Refreshments
and sociability made up the evening's enjoy
ment.
In spite ot the attractions in other places, the
hall of the People's club was filled with an in
terested audience, last evening. The pro
gramme included a variety of musical and lit
erary efforts, which were performed in such a
manner as to call out the praises and applause
of the audience.
.3. 11. Wright has lately added the business
of piping for water, gas, and steam, to his other
occupation?, his office being at No. 2 Brinley
ha I. The gas carbonizer is easily demonstrated
by him to be a great saving of gas, as he will
gladly show to those who will call at his office,
anil no(e his experiments.
In the superior court, yesterday, No. 285, the
Plummer granite company vs. L). &C. P. Ste
vens was taken up, and is still on trial, and will
occupy the whole of to-day, probably. This is
an action to recover for labor and materials, in
furnishing stone work, the question at issue be
ing on the mode ot measurement, whether
linear or square, making several hundred dol
lars difference in amount which way it is reck
oned. Rice for the plaintiffs, Aldrich for de
fendant.
At the annual meeting of the Worcester mu
tual fire insurance company, held Wednesday
afternoon, the old hoard of officers was re-elect
ed as follows: President, Anthony Chase; secre
tary, Charles M. Miles; directors, Ebenezer Tor
roy, Fitchburg; Paul Whitin, Northbridgc;
Atnory Holman, Bolton; Alanson Hamilton,
West Brookfield; Solon S. Hastings, Princeton;
James S. Woodworth, David S. Mcssinger, An
thony Chase arid George W. Kielia.dson, Wor
cester
At half-past four Wednesday afternoun, the
passenger train from this city to Providence ran
into the rear of the express freight train, at
Faramn's, throwing three or four freight cars
from the track. The passenger engine was not
much damaged— ten hours work will make it
right, probably—and the train was delayed half
an hour. Damage to the freight train slight.
Cause of the accident, the freight train did not
run quite far enough on the turn-out.
The business of the bookstore of the late L.
H. Bigelow will hereafter lie conducted by ilic
new firm of Grout Putnam (.1. Grout and S. H.
Putnam), whose advertisement appears in an
other part of this paper. Mr. Bigelow and his
business had come to seem like one of our fixed
institutions, and while we congratulate the new
firm, we think sadly of the change which has
made it necessary. The business will be con
ducted with no abatement of intelligence or en
ergy, and we wish for Messrs. Grout Putnam
the most satisfactory success, feeling sure that
they will not fail to win it.
A New York pickpocket, who calls his name
James Willard, was caught on the stairs at Me
chanics hall last night, just as the crowd was
coming out from the lecture. He was in com
pany with two others, and they bustled and
crowded several people along down the steps,
and finally gave Mr. Frederic Jetfts u push which
caused him to put out both hands; and at the
same instant this one who was caught took a
pocket-book containing seventy-five dollars from
his trousers pocket. Dir. .Jeffts grabbed the
scamp and a lively time ensued, during which
he was turned over to Officer Colby and taken
to police office. 11c is a well-dressed chap, and
claims that lie is a grocer's clerk in New York,
and that be came to this city on business con
nected with the trade. The pocket-hook was
picked up near the place where it was stolen.
Municipal Court. —The following cases
came before the court yesterday: John Dono
van, for embezzlement, was fined $lO and costs,
and $lO and costs additional for larceny; Peter
Duffy, assault with dangerous weapon, (two
complaints) discharged; Lewis Hopkins, liquor
nuisance, SSO and costs—appealed; Ohas. \V
Godfrey and Mary E. Godfrey, vagrancy, placed
on file; Sarah Kenyon, assault and battery, dis
charged on payment of costs; James Cunning
ham, drunkenness, second offence, three months
in the house of confection; James Conroy, Jere
miah Donovan, Michael Flynn, John Roach,
Thomas Curry, John B. Whalen and Joseph
Callor were each lined for drunkenness, and
Patrick Donnelly had his case continued.
Tableaux at Mechanics Hall.—The
tableaux to be exhibited this eveniug at the
fair of the Plymouth society, under the di
rection of Mr. Bartlett of Concord, will un
doubtedly prove the most attractive of any here
tofore presented to the public. Mr. Bartlett’s
reputation in arranging and preparing tableaux,
is well established in Boston and vicinity, as
well as at many of the summer resorts of New
England, where he has been aecustomci to ap
pear. We have heard very favorable accounts
of many of the pictures presented by Mr. 8.,
among others, “The Misletoe Bough,” which
has been received with great favor wherever
shown; and we arc glad to know that this is
among those selected for representation this
evening. His illustrations of statuary are also
of great merit, and wifi undoubtedly prove as
attractive here as elsewhere. A fair share of
the amusing and comic is introduced to give va
riety to the exhibition. By reference to our ad
vertising columns it will he seen that seats can
he obtained in the gallery for a slight extra
charge, thus giving those who desire an oppor
tunity to see the tableaux with but little trouble
In addition to the tableaux the usual attrac
tions offered at fairs will be included, not the
least ol which will he the supper at sr. m.
Annual Gathering of tiib Fifty-first
Regiment.—The fourth annual meeting and
supper of the Fifty-first regiment association
took place ai the Bay State house last night,
about one hundred members of the old regi
ment appearing at the festive board. The busi
ness, which was first attended to, occupied but
little time. That over, toasts, speeches and
songs filled up the time very pleasantly until
after midnight.
John M. Studlcy, of Providence, lieutenant
colonel of the regiment, presided, and James S.
Rogers filled the post of toast master. A com
mittee of nomination reported, as officers of the
association for the ensuing year, the following,
which list was adopted, viz: President, Dr.
George Jewett of Fitchburg; vice presidents,
J. Stewart Drown of this city, L. M. Thayer of
Providence, and J. W. Mackenzie of Grafton;
secretary and treasurer, Edwin Brown of Wor
cester; finance committee, Geo. C. Whitney, J.
S. Rogers and Stephen E. Greene of this city;
committee to aid in conjunction with the of
ficers, us a committee of arrangements for the
next gathering: Henry Glazier, J.O. Bern Is, J.
Stewart Brown, A. B. R. [Sprague of
this city, and G. S. Jourdan of Graf
ton. The rules of the organisation
(Rio rtrster sliuln >pn.
VOL. 26, NO. 296.
were so far changed ns to allow the committee
of arrangements to call the annual meeting at
any time that they may think proper. Hereto
fore the meeting has been held on the anniver
sary of the battle of Kinston and the inarch to
Goldsboro. It is proposed to have the ladies at
the next gathering, to devote the day instead of
the night to it, and, if practicable, to give an
excursion to some desirable spot, probably dur
ing the summer months—possibly on the anni
versary of the incorporation of the regiment
with the Potomac army, in its Maryland cam
paign.
Ihe sapper prepared by Mr. Thrall, or those
who are associated with him in the management
of the Bay State House, was one of the.best,
and was admirably served. The literary exer
cises were more than usually interesting, and it
was generally conceded to have been the very
best meeting of the organization that has yet
been held, since their campaign days, nearly
nine years ago. l)r. Jewett, the surgeon of the
regiment, took the chair on his election to the
presidency, and after the records of the last
meeting were read by the secretary, Stephen C.
Earle, the literary ball was opened bv Gen. A.
P. 11. Sprague, colonel of the regiment, who
spoke eloquently to the following sentiment:
Hie Fifty-first regiment—After serving faith
fully in tfie field till the expiration of its term of
service, it turned back from its homeward jour
ney on hearing of Gen. Lee s invasion of Penn
sylvania, and volunteered its services, which
were accepted, until the last armed rebel was
driven across the Potomac.
The regular toasts were responded to in the
following order: John C. Burley of Wales, of
Go. F, for “the rank and file;” A. G. BDcoe,
Esq., of Westboro, of Co.E, “Camp life at the
Worcester barracks;” C. N. Hair of this city, of
Go. C, for the “provost guard;” J. Stewart
Brown ol this city, the adjutant, for the field
and staff; K. A. Wood of this city, captain of
Go. A, “The Protectors of Morehcad City;”
George W. Prouty of this city, captain of the
color comp any, The military camp on Boguc
Sound;” Edwin Brown of this city, “The cap
ture of Maryland Heights;” John S. Baldwin of
this city, captain of Go. F, “Our, lamented
dead;” L. M. Thayer of Providence, captain of
Go. I, “The music and poetry of the 51st;” Gen.
R. F. Chamberlain, sergeant of Go. A, “Distant
views of Fort Macon”; Henry Glazierof Go. A.
“commissary business off Gape llatteras, and
at Harper’s Ferry”; Col. J. M. Studley of Prov
idence, ‘‘Life at Newport barracks, North Caro
lina”; Dr. Jewett of Fitchburg, “The sanitary
camp at Deep Gully, and the raid on Shackel
ford Banks.” Speeches were also made by
Lieut. Packard of Go. I; G. S. Jourdan of Graf
ton, lieutenant of Co. K; Capt. Geo. E. Barton,
the regimental sergeant major; Stephen C.
Earle, and W. H. Estcy, Lieut. J. 0. Bemis of
Co. C, and E. D. McFarland of Co. F.
The death ol Lieut. Luther Bigelow qf Com
pany G called forth remarks appreciative of his
rare qualities, and the customary resolutions of
sorrow and condolence were adopted. An im
promptu glee elnh did good service during the
evening, singing with enlivening effect
between the speeches, “Marching through Geor
gia,” “Tramp, Tramp,” “Bingo,” “America”
and other music appropriate to the occasion.
Letters were read from Col. Higginson of New
port, Edward Carpenter of Amesbury, Lieut. G.
W. Dodd of Paxton, regretting their inability
to 1) present. After toasting “the health of our
generous and gentlemanly host, George Thrall,”
the annual gathering was closed by die singing
of “Anlcl Lang Syne,” in which all joined.
Mrs. Liversiore's Lecture.— The lecture
in the Mechanics course last evening drew as
many to the hall as could find room in the seats,
and of those who were compelled to stand a
sufficient number to till the space under the gal
leries on each side. The time from the opening
of the doors until Mrs Livermore began her lec
ture was occupied by Mr. Wm. B. -Stoekwell of
Millbury, at the organ. Dir. Stock we II has
never before played in Mechanics hall; but Ids
efforts of last evening so pleased the audience
that lie will undoubtedly he in demand on fu
ture occasions.
Mrs. Livermore was introduced to the audi
ence by Mr. D. S. Goddard, who announced the
fact that the next lecture would be in just two
weeks, all hough it was not yet known by
whom, for Hon. Thomas Fitch, whose name is
on the ticket for the 28th, has been retained as
counsel for Brigham Young, aodcannot forthat
reason keep his engagement to lecture here. The
lecture at that time will nevertheless be one of
equal interest, Dir Goddard assured the audience.
The title ot Mrs. Livermore's lecture was,
“What shall wc do with our daughters?" and
her answer to the question, as it appeared
through the lecture, left the impression that
what she would have done, would be to give
them better physical training, dress them more
sensibly, admit them to all the institutions of
learning, on an equal footing with boys, and (of
course) give them the light to vote. In pre
senting the necessity for all this, she gave her
listeners a most interesting lecture, something
over an hour in length, full ot animotion, and
replete with beautiful passages.
Before coming directly to the question, she
spoke of the opposition which Margaret Fuller
met a quarter of a century ago, when she put
her writings before the public, claiming for
woman what reason shows plainly to be her
natural right; and traced the condition of
woman through the different ages of the world
irom abject slavery to the age of their treatment
as something eilicrial by the chivalaous knights
of the middle ages. Both extremes, she said,
had prevented woman from showing what she
really was; hut now woman's hour lias come,
and she was determined to plead for the girls
who arc growing up. She had a desire, she
said, to lectinc upon this same subject two
years ago, blit was held back by her friends; and
again last year she had the same intention,
but was told that she would do more harm than
good—that the time had not come, and like dis
couraging things; but now she determined at
all hazards to raise her voice for our daughters.
The adult woman, she said, has her future al
ready forecast, she is chained down, and cannot
rise above her fate, but of the daughters grow
ing up there is some hope; and mothers must
be shown what can be done, that they may
strive to see tlicir daughters and their daughters'
daughters enjoying their rightful places in the
community. The question is not making an
uproar and commotion; it is working itself into
prominence more silently than the vexed one of
the Alabama claims, but although it comes with
out commotion, it is one of the strongest ques
tions of the dav, she assured her audience.
She had nerved herself to meet opposition, she
said, but had met with none, and found that she
could safely lay by her armor and go on with
the work. Her experience had been one of fifty
one years, and even before she had daughters of
her own, she had experience to enable her to
gain knowledge on the subject—for she had de
voted much of her time to teaching the children
of other mothers. There were some, she doubted
not, who thought that the time had not conic
for plain talk upon the matter, and that it was
not wholly proper before an audience, but she
saw immodesty in such modesty, and felt that
the time had fully come for plain talk.
That there was plenty to do for men in the
way of making them better, she was aware*
but they have had the world to themselves and
have done as they chose for all past time, and
therefore she would devote her remarks to the
correction of sonic faults in the training of wo
men. She had been many times to agricultural
and horticultural meetings, and seen the earn
estness with which people discussed the meth
ods of improving stock and fruits; but had
never seen the least effort of inquiry into the
matter of raising a better race of men and wo
men. She dwelt upon the condition of degrad
ed and lallen ones, whom she said were in many
cases mortgaged to the devil when they were
born, and find their sinful lives inevitable; they
were doomed to go through the world suffering
for the sins of their parents, and classed them
with those born deformed and idiotic, of whom
she said the best thing God could do for them
was to give them death. Their condition was
due to the violation of some law of nature, and
nature is on a sharp lookout to punish all viola
tions of her laws.
Girls horn with good minds and healthy
bodies, she said, do not grow up to 1 e healthy
women on account of the entire unfitness of
their physical training. They are born healthy
as boys, but they are kept indoors and pinched
in their waists, shoulders, feet and hands; and
although crammed with learning, graduate
bankrupt in all the vital energies necessary to
fit them for wives or mothers—shipwrecked be
fore they leave the (tort. They are utterly
ruined by had habits of training, when all the
time their mothers arc striving to bring them up
in the way which shall give them the best pos
sible opportunity in lilt*. Boys and men arc
only healthier because they are loosely dressed
and have plenty of exercise and pure air.
The lollies of female dress came in for a large
share of attention; and the truth and good
sense with which they were treated entitles the
matter to after consideration by the ladies,
which formed a large share of the audience.
Mrs. Livermore, said she did not, by any means,
believe in the idea that all women must dress in
one hideous uniform, either in bloomers or any
other particular style; and she considered it a
duty with all women to make their personal ex
terior attractive, believing that a careless ami
slovenly woman cannot he pine and high-minded
within; hut she did not believe in the practices
of pinching the waist, shoulders, hands and feet,
and loading ones self down with from eight to
fifteen pounds of skirls wh eh do not depend
from tlie shoulders. She claimed that such
dressing would breakdown a strong man in two
years.
The ever-changing and exceedingly silly fash
ions of woman’s dress also look a sound meas
ure of censure from the lecturer. A majority
of the ladies of the present age, she
said, wear themselves out more, mentally and
bodily, by their anxiety in changing over
dresses and fussing over their furbelows and
ruffles, than men do in their business. A man
may order his wedding suit, select the goods
and discharge the whole matter from his mind
in fifteen minutes, but a woman must take a
year for preparation—ami preparation means
only making clothes. She sews herself to death,
and if she has friends endeavors to sew them to
death; and finally comes to her husband with
pale checks, shattered nerves, wan and ex
hausted, but with a wonderful supply of
clothes; in a better condition to start him in the
clothing business than to he a loving wife,
make him a happy home and rear up with him
a family of beautiful children—they seem not to
realize the importance of a great and happy fu
ture that looks upward and onward. She
believed it would he better to have
two sensible dresses rather than twenty
foolish ones, and ro fake more time for
walking and reading. The one matter of
wearing dresses tight—as women do, deny
it who will—is the cause of a fearful
amount of dyspepsia, with which ten women
are troubled to one mail. She also attacked the
folly of living in darkened rooms and bleaching
out for the sake of not fading the carpet and lur
n i tn re.
It is impossible in this meagre sketch to pre
sent all the tine points in the lecture, the re
mainder of which was devoted to an illustration
of the imperative demand tor the admission of
girls into colleges, the necessity of launching
girls out upon the world with avocations which
will place them on an even footing with boys,
and the injustice of the present laws governing
a woman’s right in property and children, clos
ing with an appeal to the men present to take the
first step in the way of the great progress, which
is inevitable, by giving to woman the ballot, and
in that way placing her on a legal equality
with man.
COUNTY NEWS.
Tempera nrr Con trillion in Dudley.
The Worcester central district temperance
union held their annual meeting in the Congre
gational church in Dudley Centre, yesterday.
Owing to the snow, and the fact of the place of
meeting being several miles distant from the
depot, tlie attendance was not large, but the
proceedings were quite spirited and interesting.
Chester Hastings of Millbury presided, and
Caleb A. Wall of Worcester was secretary, in
the absence of the regular officers of the asso
ciation. The proceedings were opened with
prayer by Rev. D. Wait of Oxford. Messrs.
Win. Mccorncy of Worcester, (lira Goodell of
Millbury, and John Johnson of Dudley were
appointed a committee to report a list of of
ficers for the year ensuing. Mr. Mccorncy
read a letter from Rev. Samuel May of Lei
cester, expressing his thanks for the honor ot
tlie position of president during the past year,
and declining a re-election.
Rev. A. 1\ Burgess, editor of tho Temperance
Press, of Boston, and agent of the state temper
ance alliance, was then introduced, and made an
eloquent and able address on the present aspect
of the cause, which he claimed to have gained
strength and progressed largely during the past
year, among the masses, as the result of the in
creased wotk through the various agencies and
organizations, the holding of meetings, teaching
in the schools, &e. We had ample reason to
thank God, and go forward with a hopeful spirit
in the good work.
The committee on resolutions, consisting of
Itliiel Johnson of Webster, Rev. D. Wait of Ox
ford, and Russell Titus of South Sutton, report
ed tlie following series, which were laid on the
table for discussion:
Resolved, that the present liquor law is wholly
inadequate to the suppression of the salt* oi intoxi
cating liquors.
Resolved, that the only hope for the temperance
cause is in the success of the prohibitory party.
Resolved, that we must look to u thorough-going
temperance training of the household for the per
manent influence of correct temperance principles
at large.
State constable Solomon Sliumway of Web
ster, as one of the oldest officers iu the county,
having served as deputy sheriff’ for over twenty
five years, was called upon to lead off in the dis
cussion of the first resolution. He said the
fault was not so much in the law, however much
it might be bettered, as in the lack of its proper
enforcement. He said every place in the district
assigned to him, comprising the six towns of
Webster, Dudley, South bridge, Oxford, Srur
bridge and Charlton, had been visited by him,
and the law enforced so far as it could be done
with its present provisions. The amendment
most needed was one to enable officers to
search the pockets. He then Yyent on to
describe the manner of the latest style of retain
ing liquor, with which he had of late to con
tend. This was by means of bottles carried in
the pockets of the dealers, so as to evade seiz
ure or interference from the officers. As an il
lustration, lie said that many large dealers in
some places have large quantities of liquor
stored in their neighbors' cellars, from which
they often replenish their flat-shaped bottles,
carried upon their persons, with the requisite
utensils, and thence doled out to customers.
This was tlie rarest “striped pig” dodge of mod
ern times. The beer clause was alluded to as a
fatal defeat of the present law.
Remarks followed by Russel Titus, Rev. I).
Wait, Rev. A. 1\ Burgess, Itliiel Johnson of
Webster, John Johnson of Dudley, and J. F.
Manning of Worcester, in denunciation of the
beer clause, and showing its bud effects iu the
towns where the sales had been legalized. They
claimed that a stringent prohibitory law of the
kind asked for could be impartially and
strictly enforced, in the cities as well as in the
towns, with such officers and men to assist in it
as the one to whom they had listened. Mr.
Manning favored imprisonment in all cases in
stead of fines for convictions for selling liquor.
The first resolution was then passed unani
mously.
The second resolution was then taken up, and
gave rise to an extended discussion. Messrs.
Mccorncy, Johnson and Titus, and Rev. Messrs.
Burgess, Wait, Noon and Pratt favored it, and
Mr. Manning and others opposed it. lt;was
passed by a nearly unanimous vote.
The third resolution was then taken up, and
after remarks in favor by Mr. Meeorney and
others, it was laid over until the next meeting
for further discussion.
Mr. Meeorney, from the committee on officers
tor the next year, reported the following list,
which was adopted:
President--Rev. J. H. Windsor of Grafton.
Vice Presidents—Rev. Llnnthan Davis of Auburn,
Dr. m. D. tSouthwick of Blackstone, ltev. Win. T.
Briggs of Enst Douglas, W. L. Davis of Dudley,
-lames W. White of Grafton, Rev. Samuel May of
Leicester, Chester Hastings of Millbury, Rev. P.
Wait of Oxford. E. H. Hutchinson of Suttou, Geo.
Proctor of .Spencer, Geo. W. Hobbs of Uxbridge,
P. W. Dudley of Whitinsville, C. C. Corbin of Web
ster, S S. Foster of Worcester.
-Secretary and Treasurer—S. D. King of Suttou.
It was voted to hold the next quarterly session
in Grafton, oil the second Wednesday iu March.
After a vote of thanks to the state alliance
fur the services of Mr. Burgess in addressiug the
convention, and to the ladies of Dudley, for
their ample collation, the convention adjourned.
The small pox is increasing in New York and
Brooklyn.
WORCESTER: FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1871.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE WOKOEITEB DAILY IPT
From Washington.
(■SPECIAL DISPATCH to THE WORCESTER Sl*Y.|
Washington, I). 0., Dec. 14.
NO DESIRE TO UK GOVERNOR.
Senator Morton denies that his name is used
with his consent in connection with the govern
orship in Indiana.
REMIND THE TIMES.
A petition was presented to the senate to-day
bv Mr. Buckingham, from thirty-six hundred
women, protesting against female suffrage. Ii
was enclosed in a hag made of silk, in three
separate stripes of red, white and bine.
RESIGNED.
It is announced to-ipght that Gallendar, New
York hank exatniuer, has tendered his resigna
tion to the treasury department. It is also
stated that the resignation will not be received
until an investigation is made of his connection
with the recent failures of banks in New York
city.
THE NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Ex-Senator Williams, whose name was sent
to the senate to-day as Attorney General Aker
inan’s successor, was confirmed without objec
tion, and also without the usual reference to a
committee. It is stated that Mr. Akermau will
not accept his Florida assignment.
MUCH TALK AND NO APPOINTMENT.
It is now authoritatively stated that there will
he nothing done so far as the vacancy iu the
Springfield post office is concerned until some
expression of the sentiment of the citizens
as to a successor shall be manifested. Mr.
Dawes denies that there lias been any conference
of the Massachusetts delegation on this subject.
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The apportionment bill finally passed the
house to-day. Vermont and New Hampshire
are the only states that lose under the bill, and
they lose one each. The gains are as follows:
Massachusetts, one; New York, one; New Jer
sey, two; Pennsylvania, two; Maryland,one;
Virginia, one; North Carolina, one; South Car
olina one; Georgia, two; Alabama, one; Mis
sissippi, one; Ohio, one; Kentucky, one; Ten
nessee, one; Indiana, one; Illinois, five; Mis
souri four; Arkansas one; Michigan, three;
Texas, two; lowa, three; Wisconsin, two; Cali
fornia, one; Minnesota, one, and Kansas, two.
THE EIGIIT-IIOUIt RESOLUTION.
As indicated in these dispatches, last night,
Mr. Trutnhuli withdrew his repeal amendment
from the eight-hour resolution. The most op
position came to-day from New England sources,
as Senators Ferry, Morrill of Vermont, and Ed
munds. Democrats were generally in favor of
the bill, and it might have been passed, but for
the expiration of the morning hour and haste to
reopen discussion on the retrenchment commit
tee question. As it was, and as some questions
had been raised as to the amount of money in
volved, Mr. Wilson consented to allow its refer
ence to the finance committee lor investigation
on this point.
THE QUESTION STILL UNSETTLED—AN EX
CITING DAY IN THE SENATE.
One day more has been given to debate upon
the propositions for the appointment of a re
trenchment committee, and the question still
remains unsettled. The debate to-day was more
heated than previously, and personalities that
have characterized the late two caucus meetings
were largely indulged in by mere force ol dis
cussion, and topics treated of. The line was
more sharply defined between administration
and anti-administration senators than even on
the San Domingo question last winter.
Mr. Wilson opened the debate to-day with the
observation that it was not wise to go to the
country with a divided republican vote, on the
proposition under discussion, and he urged that
Mr. Trumbull's amendment he adopted. Mr.
Nye, as usual, played the jester, and was sharp
ly taken to task therefor by both Mr. Trumbull
and Mr. Schtirz. The latter sarcastically re
marked that there might be some proper sphere
for a clown, but that his usefulness was entirely
limited to the walls of a theatre.
Mr. Sellurz also explained that he meant
Horace Porter, when, in his speech yesterday,
he alluded to a mysterious influence at the
White house which continued the general or
der system in defiance of public opinion and
official desire. The debate was interesting and
was even spicy when Mr. Tipton took a hand,
in his rude, rough, though eloquent, western
fashion.
The Nebraska senator was somewhat severe
iu his strictures upon the president, and was as
happy and as felicitous as ever in bis replies
when interrupted or cross-examined. Finally,
about four o’clock, a vote was reached on the
amendment, and the yeas and nays were culled
with the following result:
Yeas.— Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cas
serly, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelley, Lo
gan, Patterson, Robertson, Saulsburv, Sciienck,
Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip
ton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson—24.
Nats —Dlessrs. Ames, Anthony, Borcman,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
(’handler, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frc
lingbtiysen, Gilbert, Haiiuiu, Hitchcock, llowc,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nyc, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart—Bs.
A viva race vote was then taken, and An
thony's resolution was adopted. Immediately
upon this result being announced, Mr. Trumbull
got the floor, and moved that his resolution he
now adopted by the senate as a form of instruc
tions ti> the retrenchment committee, when it
should be appointed, and thereupon the discus
sion became more heated than ever.
Mr. Morton charged Mr. Trumbull with mak
ing war on the president, and also a desire to
disrupt the republican party. To this charge
Dir. Trumbull made a most indignant and forci
ble reply. He censured those senators as the
worst enemies of the party who desired to put
it in a false position with regard to corruption.
For himself, he claimed to he a good republi
can, and a much hotter friend to the party than
some who assumed to he its champions and de
fenders. llis speech created a profound im
pression, and was listened to earnestly through
out. Without pending any vote, the senate
went into executive session, and adjourned
until Monday. Kelon.
(To th«* Pre»n.)
CLAIMS OK SEAMEN.
Washington, Dec. 14.—The claims of the
British bark Chance, and the Hawaiian bark
Arctic, for $10,520 lor the rescue of the crews of
whaling vessels broken up by the ice in the
north Pacific, will he paid from the fund at the
disposal of the government for the assistance
of wrecked American seamen.
NOMINATED.
The president lias nominated Geo. H. Wil
liams, of Oregon, attorney general, in place of
Mr. Akermau, whose resignation takes effect
January loth; Joseph DI. Carey, associate jus
tice of the supreme court of Wyoming; David
W. Mahon, Pennsylvania, first auditor of the
treasury, J. 11. Ela, New Hampshire, fifth audit
or of the treasury; Beni. J. Sweet, Illinois, first
deputy commissioner of internal revenue.
THE SOUTHERN CLAIMS.
The southern claims commission made a re
port to congress to-day. They say that volunta
ry residence in an insurrectionary state during
the war is jiritna sane evidence of disloyalty*,
and must be rebutted by satisfactory evidence.
Claims have come from those who served in the
rebel army, and the commissioners hold that
such service is proof of disloyally. The whole
number of claims presented up to the end of
November is 10,099, ami the entire amount is
$26,599,000. The commissioners have examined
580 eases, in which the amount claimed was
$1,650,357. They allowed 844,168.
akkrman's successor.
The senate, in executive session to-day, took
up the nomination of George H. Williams, to
he attorney general of the United States, and
unanimously confirmed it without reference to
a committee. This was in accordance with usage
and courtesy in every cose where the nominee
had been a member of the senate, his character
being sufficiently known without requiring for
mal inquiry.
THE CORRESPONDENCE CONCERNING .MR.
akkkman's WITHDRAWAL.
The following is the correspondence between
Mr, Akerman and President Grant:
Department of Justice,
Washington, Dec. 18, 1871.
To the President: Sir:—l hereby resign the
office of attorney general of the United States,
this resignation |to take effect, in accordance
with a wish you veroallvexpressed to me to da\
on the tenth day bf January next.
Very respectfully, A. T. Akkrman.
Department of Justice,
Washington, Dee. 18, 1871.
To the President ;|Sir:—ln tendering the ac
companying resignation of the office of attor
ney general, permit m« to express my grateful
sense of the |i,indncss which I liuve uniformly
received from you during my service in office,
and mv ardent wishes for the continued -success
of your administration. Very respectfully,
A. T. Akkrman.
ExkcutiVE Mansion, f
Washington, D. G Dee. 18, 1871.
Hon. .1. T. Merman, Attorney G ’eneral Mn
Hear Sir: -In accepting your resignation as at
torney general, to take effect on the 10th of Jan
uary, permit me to renew the assurances of m\
high regard for you personally andmv apprecia
tion of the zeal and application which you have
brought to the office which you have so honor
ably filled. I can refer with pride to the uni
form harmony which has constantly existed, not
only between us. hut also between yourself and
your colleagues in the cabinet, all of whom I
know unite with me in hearty wishes for your
future prosperity, health and happiness.
Your personal note accompanying your letter
of resignation Is gratefully received as a token
ol a reciprocity and kind sentiment which 1
shall ever appreciate.
Very respectfully,
IL S Grant.
MINOR MATTERS.
The election committee considered the Cessna
ease to-day.
There is much feeling among the republican
senators growing out of the debate of yester
day.
The committee on foreign affairs did nothing
this morning beyond the distribution of busi
ness. No action was taken on the Cuban ques
tion, as some officialfcorrespondence on the sub
ject is wanted.
The committee on appropriations has deter
mined to report u bill for a building for post
office, &e., at Chicago, but limits the amount of
appropriation to four millions of dollars instead
of five millions.
The appointment of ex-Seuutor Williams as
attorney general meets with almost unanimous
approval among the repuhiioan congressmen,
including nearly nil of the southern senators
aiul representatives who signed a letter to the
president, requesting the appointment ot Horace
Maynard ol Tennessee to the position.
The high tariff members ot congress are
zealous iu urging a large reduction of the in
ternal revenue tuxes, which will make it difficult
to lower the tariff revenue w ithout affecting the
necessary income of the government. There is
a general disposition manifested to reduce the
duties on salt and on coal, hut the champions
of those interests insist that it will he better to
make the reduction on coffee, tea and spices,
and to increase the free list, putting many
medicinal articles on it.
Forty-Second Congress—Second Session.
Washington, D. G. Dee. 14, 1871.
SENATE.
Mr. Scott introduced a hill providing that, in
addition to the present loree of the navy, there
he annually received into the service three hun
dred boys, between the ages of fifteen and sev
enteen years, to serve us apprentices until twen
ty-one, at such pay as may tie fixed by the pres
ident, and, at tin* end of that time, lie entitled
to examination for promotion to the grade of
seamen, said seamen, however, not to he in ad
dition to the whole number allowed by law.
Mr. Trumbull asked Mr. Sherman, as of the
chairman committee on finance, when that com
mittee intended to report the house Dill repeal
ing tin* duties on coal and salt.
Mr. Sherman said the committee was ready to
report the hill with amendments regarding in
ternal and external taxes, as parts of one great
system, lie thought it inadvisable to take up
the tariff question separately from the question
ot internal taxation, and, therefore, was wait
ing for the house to develope somewhat further
the course it intends to pursue on the question
of taxation.
Mr. Trumbull gave notice that to-morrow he
would move to discharge the committee on
finance from ihe further consideration of the
house bill.
On motion of Mr. Wilson, the senate took
up the house hill to equalize the pay of work
ing men under the eight hour law.
Mr. Trumbull's amendment, repealing the
law. was also read.
Mr. Trumbull said that no one could be
more in favor of rewarding and elevating labor
than he, but this law had never had any such
effect. It had done the workingmen no good
whatever, but, on the contrary, done great
harm by exciting unpleasant feelings between
those employed by the government and work
ing only eight hours and those working outside
ten hours. He thought it would oe better for
the workiugmen and th-* country to repeal the
law.
Mr. Morrill of Vermont favored a repeal of
the law. It was preposterous to enact such a
law, and degrading to the workingmen.
Mr. Wilson asked Mr. Trumbull to withdraw
his amendment, so as not to embarrass the
original hill.
Mr. Trumbull withdrew the amendment.
Mr. Ferry of Connecticut renewed it. He
said he could not vote for the house lull, because
it would give to the eight hour law a legislative
construction contrary to that intended by the
framers of the law and erroneous in itself. He
remembered that when the eight hour bill was
under discussion, its advocates distinctly stated
that it was not designed to secure men ten
hours’ pay for eight hours’ work.
Mr. Thurman—“ Then what advantage would
it be to the workingmen?''
Mr. Ferry—“lts advocates claimed that the
workingmen would have more time for culture
than under the old system.”
The bill was referred to the committee on
finance.
'The senate resumed the consideration of Mr.
Anthony's resolution, to create a committee on
retrenchment, with Mr. Trumbull's amendment
authorizing it to sit during the recess and send
for persons and papers.
Mr. Wilson warned his republican friends
that they were placing their party in a false po
sition before the country. Already there were
millions throughout the country who believed
an attempt would be made iu the senate to
shield the administration and the party
that has (control of it; he, of course, did
not believe it true, but it was very impor
tant to uppear right us well as do right. In
1860, the committee on retrenchment was or
ganized, and, during the four ycais of its exist
ence, it righted a great many wrongs, but there
still remained work for it to do. He had no
sympathy with those who desired to assail
or embarrass the administration. flic senate was
itself a part of the government, responsible with
the president for its successful administration,
and the best friends of both were those most
vigilant in seeking out abuses and most active
in taking measures for conviction. He was in
favor of both the pending propositions; lie
thought it unwise for the republicans of the
senate to go before the country with a divided
vote upon this question of retrench men t. Pub
lic prints showed that there was a general sus
picion abroad that some friends of (he adminis
tration were trying to cover up abuses, and
therefore he hoped that there would he a unani
mous vote for Mr. Trumbull’s resolution, so as
to let the people see that the republicans were
determined to keep the administration pure iu
all its departments. He had no sympathy with
the plan of covering our own shortcomings h\
talking of the gigantic swindle in New York.
There were republican thieves, as well as demo
cratic thieves, and a republican thief was to him
far the more hateful of the two, because lie
brought disgrace upon the republican party;
but, notwithstanding the defects of the present
administration, it was far purer and more effi
cient than most of its predecessors. No previ
ous administration hud ever been so prompt iu
punishing delinquency among its officers.
Mr. Blair—“The senator is very boastful
about the purity and vigor of the administra
tion. I wish to call his attention to the case in
Arkansas where the district attorney and mar
shal were both removed from office for procuring
an indictment against a man for violating the
law of the United States.”
Mr. Wilson—“l don’t know whether that was
so or not.”
Mr. Scott said preliminary measures for the
removal of the district attorney and marshal
were taken before the finding of the indictment
referred to.
Mr. Blair—“l have equal means of knowl
edge, and say the officers were turned out for
finding an indictment against a person for vio
lating the law of the United States.”
Mr Wiisoti said he was notjboastful of the
administration. He simply desired to be just,
and, therefore, said the administration was
seeking progress in the right direction, although
a good deal more of it was neccssan. He was
not one of those republicans who thought the
democratic party dead. He expected to en
counter them in full force next year, and warned
his friends against relaxing their efforts iu any
degree, iu the vain hope that they would meet
no vigorous opposition iu 1872.
Mr. Nye opposed the revival of the commit
tee.
Mr. Schurz followed in reply, iu the course of
which lie said: “The legitimate sphere of the
comedian is generally within the walls of a
theatre; but, if the senator is satisfied with the
role he plays here, nobody else has reason to be
dissatisfied. I wish to sav a few words in reply
to the senator from New York, Mr. Conk)ing
He said, ye-terday, that the investigation in
the New York custom house was closed up by tho
committee on retrenchment lastjear. The com
mittee did undoubtedly believe that the case
was closed, for it had reason to lielieve
that, when such scandals as it exposed
were laid hare, the administration would jump
at the chance to put an end to the disgrace, but
it turns out that they were vastly mistaken; for
the same scandalous system of robbery exists to
this day, in spite of the exposures mad hv the
committee. The senator asked, also, why we
have proposed no legislation to remove these
abuses? Because no legislation was necessary.
The abuses were created by executive action m
the administration of the custom house, and
thev could he done away with by executive ac
tion.”
Mr. Patterson “There are inspectors in the
custom house iu New York who stated before
the committee on retrenchment, underoath, that,
in violation ofoffi ial oath, and that iu viol itiou
of ihe laws of the land, they had taken bribes,
and that they took bribes every time they dis
charged a vessel. I sav, further, that the agents
of steamship companies told nn* they could not
get their vessels discharged without bribing the
officials.”
Mr. Sumner I should like to know whether
those men arc continued in otllee.”
Mr. Patterson ‘I have no knowledge of their
over having been removed. I know nothing
about it.”
Mr. S lmiz—“The senator from Indiana,
Mr. Morton, says my remarks yesterday east re
flection on the ivnnhlican partx. How so? l)o
not we all profess to be in favor of rciorm
And yet, when a member of tire bod.\ attempts
to lay bate a gross abuse, the cry is raised that
lie is tr\ ing t»» injure tin* republican party. My
motives have been reflected upon, and I and
those w ith whom I act have been asked what
object we pm-iie. lam ready to tell the senate
that mv object is to uncover, to denounce and
to try to have corrected any and every abuse
whenever 1 cun lay ion hand upon it, without
regard to how it will affect, the interests or ad
vantages of a party, and without regard to
whether this or that person may like it or not.”
Mr. Tipton followed in support ol Mr. Trum
bull’s proposition lie made iio attack on the
republican party could not a man believe that,
even in ilu* senate, there might be lound a better
leader for the republican party than the intel
lectual colossus now sitting iu the White house,
without being therefor accused of unfaithful
ness to the part v
.Mr. Trumbull's amendment was rejected —24
l«> 85.
The original resolution was then adopted.
Mr. Trumbull then moved to instruct the com
mittee provided for iu the resolution just adopt
cd, to inquire into all subjects enumerated iu
lii s rejected amendment
Without reaching a vote on Mr. Trumbull’s
motion, the senate went into executive session,
and soon after adjourned until Moudav.
HOUSE.
The house went into committee of the whole
shortly after the reading of the journal, and
immediately resumed the consideration of ihe
apportionment bill, the pending question being
noon Gen. Butler's amendment to make the day
ol election for representatives uniform through
out the United States.
Various propositions were made and discussed,
principally turning on the number of represen
tatives ol which the house should he composed.
The number was eventually fixed at 288, on mo
tion of Mr. Garfield.
An amendment was also adopted, on motion
ol Mr. Potter, providing that no new state here
after be admitted having less popitla'ion than
the number fixed as the ratio of representation.
F inallv the committee rose and reported the
bill.
Mr. Niblack moved to lay the hill on the ta
ble. Negatived— yeas, 69; nays, 145.
Mr. Farnsworth moved to’ strike out Mr.
Potter’s umincndment. Negative 87 to 117.
Ihe hill then passed without division.
It provides that the house consist of 288 mem
bers, distributed as follows:
.Maine, live; New Hampshire, two; Vermont,
two; Massachusetts, eleven; Rhode Island, two;
Connecticut, tour: New York, llurly-two; New
Jersey, seven; Pennsylvania, twenty-six; Dela
ware, ouh; Maryland, six; Virginia, nine; North
Carolina, eight; South Carolina, live; Georgia,
nine; Alabama, seven Mississippi, six; Louisiana,
five; Ohio, twenty; Kentucky, ten; Tennessee,
nine; Indiana,twelve; Illinois, nineteen; Missouri,
thirteen; Arkansas, four; Michigan, nine; Florida,
one; Texas, six; lowa, nine; Wisconsin, eight;
California, four; Minnesota, three; Oregon, one;
Kansas, three; West Virgiuia, three; Nevada, one;
Nebraska, one.
Adjourned
Our New York Dispatches,
Ni.w York, Dee. 14. The Union Square na
tional bank was obliged to close vesterdav by
action of United States controller I in I bind, who
took possession and appointed 15. F. Beckman
as receiver. It had arranged with the Shoe and
Leather bank to cover its clearings, and it is al
leged that that bank threw them out without
notice.
The rimes editorially denounces the bargain
between the committee of seventy and Mayor
Hail, that tli latter shall appoint the persons
recommended by the committee in considera
tion that the mavor is allowed to retain his po
sition as mayor.
The depositors of the Ocean hank met this
afternoon to consider what measures were neces
sary to protect their interests. One gentleman
stated that it was desirable to have a detailed
account of the amount held by the bank of pro
tested paper of the New York printing com
pan.v, as that institution was only another name
for Wm. M. Tweed; also he considered it singu
lar as the hank failed for only $17,000 and tlie
receiver asserts that its assets are over $1,000,-
000, that the depositors were not paid at once.
After a debate it committee of five was appointed
to confer with the receiver, examine the books
and report Monday. An examination of the
books will commence to-morrow.
Wild rumors are in circulation concerning the
Bunk of the ('omrimtiweaLh, the Tenth nation
al bank and the Hoboken national bank in Ho
boken. Mr. Camp, manager of the clearing
house, when questioned as to the first mention
ed bank, says that lie knows nothing of the af
fairs of the bank that warranted any suspicion
of its soundness, and he does not bcleivc there
was anything amiss with it.
To a considerable extent the depositors of the
Ocean hank are connected with the Washington
market, and are men of moderate means. We
understand that, a meeting of depositors is to he
held to-day at twelve o’clock to determine what
shall be done to protect their interests.
The Tribune presents another long and amaz
ing exposure of the manner in which Judges
Cardozo, Barnard and Ingraham have made
their referees rich. It is found on examination
that within a comparatively short period the
fees accruing to each of three referees, are about
us follows: ToGrotz Natlmu (Cardozo's referee)
612 causes, at SSO0 $806,000. To D. 1\ In
graham. Jr (son of Judge Ingraham and Ids
referee), 826 causes, at $500—5413,000. To .las.
H. Coleman (Barnard’s referee), 369 causes, at
$500—5184,500. Coleman claimed thirty thou
sand dollars for acting as referee in the ease of
the Erie stock belonging to the English stock
holders.
The receiver of the Ocean bank Ims paid sixty
thousand dollars of the sum due the clearing
house; balance to-moriow. He believes $266,-
000 of the $326,000 discounted bills are good.
Dir. Losak, a fur merchant, caught a mail last
night in the act ot retiring with a large bundle
of valuable furs. The robber's name is William
Goodwin. He is believed to b? the thief who
robbed the same store of $12,000 worth of goods
three weeks ago.
At a meeting of the board of health yester
day, l)r. Carnoclian stated that there was no
cause for u panic on account of small pox, and
that the cry in the newspapers was to enable
some one to have an excuse to ask for more
money from the treasury.
A clerk iu the office of the Anchor line steam
ships recently absconded w ith about SIO,OOO, but
was arrested in Chicago and brought back yes
terday for trial. The money partly belonged to
poor immigrants.
The chamber of commerce have discontinued
distributing money to persons made destitute
by the Chicago fire who have come to this city.
At a meeting of the police commissioners,
yesterday, Mayor Hall presented a communica
tion announcing that he will vote for uou-inter
ference with the procession of the international
ists by the police. The mayor states that lie
does not find any antagonism towards tin* pend
ing procession, or that it would lead to a riot.
The Grand Duke Alexis lias sent SSOOO here
lor the relief of the poor. It was distributed as
follows: SIOOO to the society for the relief of
destitute, children of seamen, and S4OOO to the
society for improvement of the condition of the
poor.
There were twenty-four bids for gold to day,
amounting to $4,585,000, from 108 50-100 to 109
88-100. ihe amount advertised for sale was
one million. If sold, it will go at 109 27-100 to
109 88-100.
On the arrival of the remains «»f Gen. Ander
son proper orders will be issued by the war de
partment to do them honor.
The amount realized by the sale of paintings
from Chicago, yesterday, was $91,085.
A committee of the board of aldermen report
ed in favor ol lowering the grade of the rail
road on Fourth avenue about 82d street ten to
eighteen feet, the cross streets to be connected
by bridges, the work to be done by November,
1878, and paid for equally by the company and
the city.
The communist Gen. Wroblowski lias arrived
here from Paris.
John Silva, colored, of the American barque
Hunter, of Boston, sent here bv the British
consul at Jamaica, on charge of mutiny, has
been held for trial.
The small pox is now suid to be epidemic in
Brooklyn.
A. Speer, wine manufacturer, and Dir. Green
ough were fatally injured by jumping from a
train on the Erie road, at Passaic, last night.
They were struck by a locomotive going in an
opposite direction.
Steamer Henry Chauncey brings SIB,OOO in
treasure.
This afternoon, Tenuie C. Clafliu appeared at
the Jefferson market court and complained to
the justice that her father and mother were a
source of continued annoyance to her and Mrs.
Woodhull. She complained specifically that
they went to her residence Wednesday evening
last, and creating a great disturbance. Justice
Sbandley issued a summons for to-morrow
morning.
BRICE 1 CENTS.
At a special meeting of the police commis
sioners, this afternoon, a resolution was passed
rescinding the order of the Bth, which directed
the superintendent of police to prevent the
parade.of tho intcrnutinul societies on Sunday,
and another resolution was adopted instructing
tin* superintendent to take the necessary meas
ures to prevent a breach of the peace on the oc
casion of such procession, and protect the pub
ic from disorder and viol..nee.
FROM EUROPE.
(■mil llriluiu.
THE FRINGE GETTING BETTER.
London, Dee. 14,2 i*. m —There has beeu a
slight change for the hotter in the condition of
the prince ul‘ Wales. The comparative quiet of
eslerdav evening and the rest obtained last
night has proved beneficial.
NOBOD r ALARMED.
2:80 r. m. No further change is reported in
the prince’s condition. Hopes of his recovery
are freely expressed, and the public feeling is
more confident.
A QUIET AFTERNOON.
10 m. Aii official bulletin from Sandring
ham announces that the prince passed a quiet
afternoon and evening. Ilis symptoms are un
changed since morning.
ANOTHER STORY.
Dec. 15 —2 a. m. —The physicians in attend
ance upon the prince issued a bulletin, at one
a. m., stating that he had been very unquiet
since ten last night.
POSITIVE STATEMENT. QgF
World special: 1 have the highest medical au
thority for giving the assurance that the prince
of Wales will recover.
IFmi nee.
THOSE PRINCES.
Paris, Dec. 14.—1 t is reported that the Or
leans prim es arc determined to take seats in the
assembly at an early day. and will net with the
party of the right centre.
THE FRENCH SURRENDERS.
In the national assembly to-day, Gen. Cissey,
secretary of war, made a statement in explan
ation ol the delays ot the commission, which
was some time since appointed to inquire into
the capitulation of the Frencli fortifications and
armies during the late war. The minister said
the commissioner had examined into the facts
connected with tin* surrender of six fortresses of
secondary character, the commanders of which
had been sen (elid'd to undergo punishment ac
cording to army regulations. On Saturday, the
commission will commence an investigation in
to the capitulation of the fortress and army of
Sedan, and subsequently will turn their atten
tion to Metz.
Nwil/.ii|aii<l.
THE HOARD Of ARBITRATION.
Geneva, Dee. 14. —All the members of the
hoard of arbitration,appointed under the treaty
of Washington, arc expected to-night. They
w ill meet for the first time to-morrow, at the ho
ld dr Vi lb.
New England Dispatches.
Tlie Womnn'N Sufling*- llaznr Fair nr
Holloa t'oiiimiMsioii on I'riion Hr
form iu 4'oniirelieiii, rtc.
M VSSACH USETT.S.
Boston, Doe. 14. —A fair opened this evening,
at Music hall, under the auspices of the woman's
suffrage bazar, with a large and brilliant as
semblage. The hall was beautifully decorated,
and the tables were tastefully arranged. In
the centre platform is the table of the president,
Mts. Julia Ward Howe, also a teachers'table,
presided over by the touchers of Boston schools.
I he fair will keep open until December 22d, and,
doubtless, will lie thronged and liberally patron
ized.
CONNECTICUT.
H vrtford, Dee. It. Gov. Jewell has ap
pointed Dr. W. Russell and Charles l>. War
ner, of Hartford, and Hon. Francis Wayland
commissioners to report to the next legislature
upon prison discipline and reform. The com
missioners will visit some ot the prominent
penal institutions of the country, ns well as the
prisons ot our own state, iu order to suggest
plans for improvement in prison management
here, ii if shall be found that such improvement
is called for.
A tramp entered a house iu Burnside street,
today, asking for something to cat, and lor
work. The occupant of the house, an old lady
of seventy years, while giving him some drink,
was seized by the ruffian, overpowered and out
raged. Two hundred dollars reward is offered
lor his arrest. He had very dark hair and com
plexion, black eyes, black slouched hat and
long frock coat; rough and secdv; thirty to
thirty-five years old.
Criminal Record.
NINTH DAY OF THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Annapolis, Md., Dec. 14.—1 n the Wharton
trial, Henry W. Snowden, who mused Ketchmn,
described his symptoms minutely.
Dr. Williams was called to the stand, and pre
pared a dose of yellow jessamine, such as he
prescribed for Gen. Ketcliittu. Witness stated
that the inedecine, as now prepared by Dr.
Williams, did not have the same appearance as
the dose prepared by Mrs. Wharton, and ad
ministered hv hiin to Gen. Kctcnum, which had
a thick, cloudy, leaden appearance, whereas the
preparation now before him was clear and trans
parent. Forty additional drops were added to
the preparation, and it was still unlike the dose
administered to Gen. Ketchmn.
On cross-examination, witness stated that he
had placed tartar emetic in a tumbler with jes
samine and water, and it did not produce the
color lie observed in the dose administered by
him to Gen. Ketchmn. Witness said laudanum
was also placed in a tumbler with tartar emetic
ami jessamine, and the mixture produced a
brown color, wliich, in some lights, might have
appeared gray or lead color.
Eugene Van Ness testified: Reside in Balti
more; was at Mrs. Wharton’s house about tlie
24th of June, while Gen. Ketchmn was there.
Mr. Sysler—“Do not answer the question l am
about io ask until you have heard from the
court. I wish you to state to the jury how you
came, to he ar Mrs. Wharton's on that
day; if well, or sick, and describe your feel
ings and symptoms fully, and how you hap
pened to lie there.”
Defence objected, and a long argument en
sued.
CAPTURE.
Memphis, Dec. 14.—Two of the three robbers
of the express car on the Mobile and Ohio rail
road, two months ago, were captured Monday,
near Verona, Missouri.
ROBBERY.
Buffalo, Dec. 14.— Mrs. Ganson's residence
was robbed to-night of SBSOO worth of 5-20
bonds of 1868.
THEY PLEAD NOT GUILTY.
San Francisco, Dec. 14.—Despatches Irom
Tucson, Arizona, state that one hundred and
eight men, including seventy Indians, pleaded
not guilty to indictments charging them with
killing Apache Indians at Gamp Grant reserva
tion. They will he tried immediately. Acquit
tal is anticipated.
DOUBLE MURDER.
Halifax, Dec. 13.—Steamer City of Halifax
arrived to-night, bringing news of a terrible
double murder. Three weeks ago, a woman,
named Geliun, was found dead at Spaniards
bay, under suspicious circumstances. A jury to
investigate the case returned a verdict of death
by natural causes. Police inspector Foley, of
St. John, went to Spaniards hay and demanded
another inquest, which was held with the same
result. Still unsatisfied, Foley remained and
learned that a brother of the woman, named
Garret Sayers, who had been supported by her
husband, was missing. After a long search,
Foley found Saver's body Imried in a dung heap,
horribly mutilated. Gehan, the husband of the
woman, and a gitl, named Hamilton, were ar
rested on suspicious evidence, nor made public
but understood to lie conclusive, that both Mrs.
Gehan and her brother were murdered by them.
MURDERERS.
Salt Lake City, Dec. 14— John Breasure,
tin* fourth man charged as one of the murderers
of l)r. Robinson, in 1860, was arrested this
morning. All four were brought before Judge
McKcon. One witness positively identified John
L. By the and James Torus as two of the mur
derers.
DEFENCES OF THE KUKLUX.
Columbia, S. g, Dec. 14.—1 n the kuklux
trial, the court was chiefly occupied in hearing
witnesses for the defence, who testified to the
alarm and excitement among all classes in York
county caused by the organization of the negro
militia. The grand Jury to-day found true bills
against several more of tlie alleged conspirators
oi' York county
Fire Record.
AT WEEDBPORT, N. Y. I OSS HEAVY.
Auburn, Dec. 14.— Atwood's hotel and sev
eral other buildings in Wecdsport were burned
tins morning. Loss heavy.
AT BEVERLY, MASS.—LOSS SSOOO.
Boston, Dec 14.—At Beverlv, this morning,
a large building stored with lumber was burned,
belonging to Capt. Phillips. Loss, SSOOO.
AT MANSFIELD, O.,—LOSS $25,000.
Mansfield, Dec. 14. —Hodges’ block was
burned this morning. It was occupied by gro
cery and leather stores, a printing office, &e.
Loss $25,000; insured. John Kleinger and Miss
Matthias were dangerously injured by the
falling walls.
There is much talk iu New York over the Al
bany Argus’presidential article, wherein it said:
“The democracy have no candidates; no section
of the country can claim to present them, and
no state has a right to do so—our own state
least of all/
Allvkhtini.no hates.
t» Daily Bft—For the “Square* of ten lince' «o
Agate type, 1 time 75 ct*.; each subsequent insertion hQ
cts. 1 woek 12.75; 2 weekss4.oo; I month $0.00; 1 year
soo—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
•quares. Two fines for one week $1.00; three line $1.25;
four lines $1.37 five lines $1.50. Local notices 25 cent*
per line for each insertion. Business notice# 15 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, drc., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements SI.OO per square for first inset
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents.
Special positions; In the paper, and spectst styles of
display,will he charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged lor the whole space occupied.
Ik Wekki.y Spy—First insertion sl.uo per square;
each subsequent insertionso cents; J months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
Abler*'vinled lb<i|intrlirs.
The report that parliament will he called to
gether in January is contradicted.
The burning of the Franklin mills at Pafer
s,,n, N. J., which weredestrovcd on Wednesday,
involved a loss of $200,000.
The hill repealing the women’s suffrage net
has passed the Wvoming bouse over the govern
or s veto.
Advices from Sonora, Mexico, state that the
federal troops have quelled a revolt against
Juarez.
Ihe Mexican revolutionists still hold Mazat
lati, and arc tort (lying to resist an attack of
troops raised in Sinaloa l>.v the governor.
Hie Berlin Provinzial Correspondenz regards
the message of President Thiers to the assembly
as fresh pledges of pacific intentions of the
French government.
An Alexandria letter says that the east is rest
less under the cholera scourge. Cypress has
been attacked by it. The coast of Syria is threat
ened. Vessels from Candia are quarantined, and
unless earnest protests are made by the western
powers, Alexandria, which is the great highway
to and from India, will disseminate cholera
around the globe.
The convention favoring cheaper and better
communication between the east and the west,
particularly by a ship canal around Niagara
Falls, met at Detroit yesterday. A committee
was appointed to draft a memorial to congress
on the subject- Gov. Fairchild of Wisconsin
was elected president, and T. G. Hereeyof Maine,
G. G. Benedict <»l Vermont, William Hotchkiss
of New York. J. F. Jav of Michigan, W W
Coming of Wisconsin, Lewis A. Thomas of
lowa nti|j I). W. Ingcrsoil of Minnesota, vice
presidents.
A letter from Alexandria, Egypt, gives the de
tftils of the drowning ol the seventy-five Algerian
pilgrims. They had arrival in the outer harbor
on their way to Mecca, when protests from con
suls against their landing were made, on the
ground that they would disseminate cholera and
other contagious diseases. Orders were given
to land them outside the eitv, and they were
taken from the steamer on a lighter, and while
being towed ashore the craft was struck by
another lighter, cutting her to the wattt’s edge.
.She sank immediately, carrying all down. The
event caused no particular sensation in Alexan
dria.
fN*r»»un| Telegram*.
O’Donovan Rossa has become editor of the
New York Era.
Mayor Hall is in favor of the parade of the
internationals.
Empress Eugenic has gone to Gibraltar, to
take passage for England.
O. 11. Hess, formerly business manager of the
Crosby opera house, who attempted suicide a
lew weeks ago by shooting, died Wednesday
night Irom his wounds.
Formidable movements arc progressing to in
duce the government to change its Cuban policy.
Secretary Fish, who is for peace, opposes the
movement.
Attorney General Akcrman has tendered bis
resignation to the president, and it was accepted
at once, though it will not take effect until some
time in January.
The Weather.
Washington, Dec. 14.—A falling barometer
and rain will probably advance on Friday
northeast ward along the Atlantic coast: north
westerl.v winds, hack to northeast, in New
York and New England; rising barometer, with
cool northerly winds, will extend from Alabama
westward; falling barometer and cloudy weather
on the Oregon coast.
(J H R I S T M A~fi
WALLETS
1 have now in Store the heat assort
ment ever exhibited in the state of Mas
sachusetts. They are all made expressly
for me; consequently tlie styles and
prices can be relied upon as being satis
factory.
A call is respectfully solicited.
WALLETS.
EDWIN WARREN,
Apothecary,
IN' BAY STATE HOI SE, WORCESTER,
n3O dtf
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amert
can ana Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ap
plication;- re-argued; Interference Cases Prosecuted;
Opinions given as to the validity and infringement ot
Patents and Suits prosecuted and defended iu the U. SI
Courts, by
TllOB. IF lIOROE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman offthe
doard ot Appeals. U. 8. Patent office,) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office. Dodge.s
Block, corner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mass.
11*24 d&wtf
QLIV HITS
STOVE STORE,
SBB MAIN STREET OLD NO. **JO
my 24 dtf
The Rising Sun
STOVE T POLISH
7RADC MARK.
For Beauty of Polish, Saving of Labor,
Freeness from Dust, Durability dt Cheap
ness, truly unrivaled In any Country.
Beware of Worthless Imitations, under other names
but resembling ours in shape and color of Wrapper,
intended to deceive.
The Rising Sun Polish In bulk, for stove dealers
use at twelve cents per pound—tweutv-flve and fifty
Jiound boxes. "Cheaper than any other Bulk Polish
or nothing."
MORSE BROS., Propr’s,
CANTON, MASS.
QNLY 50 CENTS
TO SECVBE A IH SIAF3S
paying from s.l to slfi per day. Five Samples of our Dif
ferent Good.-. ul new. light and saleable,sent post-paid
to Ag nt» tor only .Ml cents. Suitable for ladies or gen
tlemen to sell. Address Nkw England Novelty
Agency, No. 3 Asylum st.. Hartford, Ct. dim üBO
A Dio NTH—expenses paid—
•jjrt I I tr Male or Female Agents—Horse and outfit
lumislied, to sell our Universal Cement, Combination
Tunnel. Button Hole Cutter, and other articles. Circu
lars tree. Address NOVELTY CO.,
nl3 dSm Saco, Me.
I jIHIRT Y CAB PENTERS WANTED-
A At Msnville, R. I. None but good workmen need
apply. MANVILLE CO.
all dtft
\riGHT SOIL
REMOVED BY
El.I SMITH .SO. 1« WATER ST.
d 8 deoptjal
H BAD <nr A K T E B 8
FOB
CARRIAGE MAKERS* SUPPLIES,
AT
COLWELL WINSORS,
JSTos. 0-1 and f)f> Canal Street,
PROVIDENCE, R. I.
A gouts tor JONES'S WHEEL.
Agents for WARM- ICS PATENT WHEEL.
Also seep Iu stock a large assortment of
Bpokes, springs. Enamel Cloth,
Rims, Axles, Broadcloth,
Shafts, Bolts, Enamel Top Leather
Seats, Mall. Iron, Dasher Leather.
Bows, Circles, Trimming Leather,
Varnishes, Wagon Cushions, Buggy and Express
Bodies, Running dears, Ac., Ac.
d 7 deop3m
T B O M 8 T K B li, of!
The subscribers have constantly on hand a very 1 aril
assortment of iISOJV A A IF STEEL of all descrip,*
lions. Also,
ANVILS, CHAINS,
VISES. NUTS.
BELLOWS. WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES, HORSE SHOES.
HAMMERS, HORSE NAILS.
B LEDGES, HASPS,
SPRINGS, TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS. GRINDSTONES,
BEACH SAND. Ac., Ac.
which will be sold at the lowest price*, at the old stany
WABUINGTON SQI7ABE.
PRATT A INNMAN
Worcester. AorH I.IWM*. deoptf apl
STANDING WOOD ANIT"TIMBER
LOT of about 40 acres, iu the northeast part of
Grafton; will cut *200.000 teet of Lumber. WOW R. JL
Steeper?-, and 750 Cords of Wood.
JAMES PEACOCK.
n*22 deoptw* Grafton Mass.
fllO RENT—Upper Tenement of 5 rooms, at
X No. I Madison at. (rent $24 per month), bv
n3O d'Jtawtf F. WHIPPLE.
1 LEXANDEK LOKIU EK,
iv Manufacturer and dealer lu
RUSSIA, MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP CORD i
AGE,
Bed Corda,Cotton Clothes Lines Steam Packing, riah
Lines, Twine, Pulley Blocks,
wholesale* Retail.
Cerne-Of Exchange and Blackatouestreets,
Worewter.Maa*. dnuo
WALLETS.