THE PBESS.i;
MONDAY MORNING, NOV. 27, 1871.
p
ConsoliilaUon.
What is the Supreme Court going to d< g
about consolidation? Four months havt
now elapsed since the arguments of the Stati
and of the defendants on the quo warranti
suit w ere heard, and no decision has yet beei t
announced. Justice to both the road and t<
the people demands that the court should de
termine before the meeting of the Legislating
whether the lease of the Portland Kennc
bee road to the Maine Central is legal. If it
is not, the defendant corporation has beei
long enough in the exercise of its illegal pow
ers. The roads in that case would undoubt
edly make an appeal to the Legislature to le
galize the contract, on the ground that the}
have proceeded so far that any disturbance o
their existing relations would not only entai
great and disastrous losses on them, bul
would seriously impair their ability to meet
the wants of the public in running trains am
transporting freight. If, on the other hand
the famous contract of May 12tli, 1870, is pro
nounced legal by the court, the people wil
reconcile themselves to the new arrangemen'
as best they can. They will make the most o:
such incidental advantages as result from it.
They will rejoice in the more perfect system
more direct responsibility and perhaps greatei
promptness in the transaction of business ant
improved condition of the roads arising fron
unity of management. These incidental ad
vantages, however, will not, w'e are certain,
even if the utmost that is expected is realize!
from them, blind the people to the fact that a
great danger menaces them. The corpora
tion owning the Maine Central, Portland
Kennebec, Androscoggin, Belfast Moose
head Lake and Dexter Newport roads, is
unquestionably a monopoly which, in propor
tion to the size of the State,is quite as formid
able as those which have elsewhere made tin
local governments mere instruments for re
cording their decrees, and which exercist
despotic control not only of the business an!
property but the politics of the States ovej
which their sway extends. The kind of con
centration that has taken place is that which
in other States has come only after a long ex
perience of consolidation in its simplest, most
defensible and most natural kind—that ol
connecting roads. But here our first experi
ence of any considerable concentration o;
railroad interests lias taken the form of tin
_1+
respect like the Vanderbilt or Hew York
Central monopoly, which controls both the
Hudson River and Harlem roads; and like
that greatest of all monopolies, the Pennsyl
vania Central, which has been obliged to get
rid of competition by buying two or three
parallel roads extending westward. It is
true that there has been up to the present
time an absence of those high-handed ant
openly lawless measures which have made
the Erie and other great corporations so no
torious. The Maine Central can indeed b*
charged with effecting the obnoxious arrange
ment when fresh from the refusal of the Leg
islature to legalize the scheme, thus showing
an indifference to the wishes of the people
which its managers no doubt thought wa
justified by the impunity enjoyed by wealthy
corporations in other States that have proceed
ed in a manner still more glaringly defiant o
the popular will. But we are not of those
who believe that Judge Rice and his associ I
ates are more likely to make an improper use
of their power than other men. But sucl
immense concentrations of property are dan
gerous, no matter how blameless the Individ
uals in whose hands they are lodged, unles
they are under proper legislative control.
The following imperfect table, which we have
prepared from the confused and fragmentary
returns for the year 1870, made to the Secre
tary of State in compliance with law, will
give at least a vague idea of the extent and
powers of the combination:
Hoad. Length. Cost.
Central.110 ${,121,69-'
Portland Kennebec. 72 2,000,00*
Somerset Kennebec.37 800,00*
Androscoggin.70 1,200,00*
Belfast Lake.33 1,200,00*
Dexter Newport.14 No returns
336 $9,074,69-.
Here is a beginning which even Vanderbilt
or Tom Scott need not disdain! The compa
ny that starts in life in a State no larger than
Maine with 336 miles of road, worth ten mill
ions, need not despair of being able to make
this State another Hew Jersey or Pennsylva
nia. At any rate the combination is so for
midable that there is great necessity of placing
it under such wise and judicious restrictions
as the people still have in their power to im
pose. Railroad monopoly is the great evii
that menaces us, and it must be resisted in
season, taking care that no injustice be done
to individuals or associations of individuals
upon whom rest such heavy and perplexing
responsibilities as belong to those who own
and control our great railroad routes.
The new Bowdoin catalogue makes quite
clear the important change that has been
made in the internal economy of the college.
The scientific course is intended to relieve the
classical course of the more popular studies
that of late have been encroaching upon the
curriculum of all colleges, thus preserving in
aU elAnnwIrannk X-_1-„ X‘ xl.
elders” as to tlie importance of the ancient
languages, while those who are devoted to the
more modem pursuit of science and natural
history will have ample facilities offered them.
The comparatively easy conditions of admis
sion to the scientific course must result in a
large increase in the number of students.
There are now ten scientific students in the
Sophomore and eighteen in the Freshman
class. The number of Freshmen in both
courses is fifty-nine—a larger number, we be
lieve, than have entered a single class since
the war. The Board of Instruction is now
composed of twenty-four persons, including
the lecturers in the medical and other depart
ments, and the professorships of Mental and
Moral Philosophy and Military Science are
now vacant. Among the lecturers are Wal
ter Wells, on Physical Geography and Meteor
ology, and William W. Thomas, Jr., on Scan
dinavian Languages and Instructor in Swed
ish.
The proposition made by the Peeps that
co-operative associations of laboring men
should have the preference, if municipal aid
is to be granted to manufacturers, is warmly
indorsed by the Rockland Gazette. It also
endorses our further proposition that, if co
operative associations cannot be formed, it
shall be a condition precedent to aid given or
taxes forborne to any manufacturing enter
prise that the operatives employed therein
shall share in the profits of the business.
Rockland has already exempted from taxation
for a term of years any manufacturing cor
poration that may locate there, on the condi- 1
tion that it shall erect permanent buildings
and that its annual product shell not be less
than $50,000.
What we said the other day about the ef- r
feet of geographical position in modifying the
views of editors on the subject of State aid to s
railroads is confirmed by the following para- 1
graph from the Bridgton News: l
tomUroads now?,n°f 0,6 SUbj<?Ct of State a!d
of the State "it seems6 0I1. among the papers 1
lished in localities b, neSP,l fhesi;aper!< put>
road facilities are inclined m addl,t.10na' rail- 0
ative, while those already ni*ta ie tbe atr,rm- i,
in this respect are opposed favored K
The Bangor Whig leads off Si the ve,n,!nn
anH tlw> P/Artlnrwl Pnraa aninnatlVe. t
we are decidedly opposed to railroad mono™
lies, we suspect that if, 1jy the adoption of
this policy by the State, some aid might be r
obtained for the railroad to Bridgton, we 1
should be strongly inclined to follow the lead 1
of the Whig in demanding “State aid for rail- 1
roads’’—more especially, however, the Bridg-
ton railroad! 6
But isn’t the News mistaken in assuming 1
that Portland has received help from the
State in building its railroads? On the con- 1
trary has not the passion for aid been inflam- 1
ed by the generosity that has already been
shown to the Eastern part of the State
Political Notes.
Ex-Senator Williams, who has recently re- C
turned from Oregon, says that the political f
affairs of that State are so arranged that the
prospect of recovering the Legislature from
the Democracy, in whose hands it was placed 0
by the colonization of the debris of Price’s sa
army, is cheerfully bright; and he thinks that ea
t e next election will show a very different
Btate of things. 18
Brother “Stiggins” is organizing a Tem
peranee party in Connecticut for the purpose j C(
ol throwing the State into the hands of the g;
i_JlfJL l— ——-1'—*
emccratic party, which always enforces
juor laws. .2!
Forty-nine Democratic journals in Missouri »t
vor the “passive policy. The Chicago Post nc
commends Gen. McClellan as a “passive”
residential candidate. j
Theodore Tilton now names Colfax and B
utler for the Republican ticket, but a Wes- t)
rn paper, a little mixed, advocates Theodore a<
roodhull and Victoria Tilton. I
I 1,:
I ei
fleet of Sir Charles W. Ui Ike's Speeeb. in
George W. Smalley writes as follows from o
ondon to the New York Tribune in regard w
i the extraoidinary speech of Sir Charles W. p
dike, denouncing royalty, to which we the P
ther day referred at length:
When I sketched in my last letter an out- g
ne of Sir Charles Dilke’s Newsastle speech, i
scarcely anticipated the extent of the effect
hat was to be produced by it. e are used
o the thunder of the Times, and to w liat the vi
•ipectator calls the “vixenish nagging ot the j t<
Pall Mall Gazette. The thunder rolls m the b
nomiug, sometimes, through a clear sky and t]
m echo follows, while as for our evening pa
oer it furnishes topics tor talk in the clubs, P
md’ appears to have no other distinct mis- ti
ion except to champion hoary abuses, such
is Purchase in the army and now Sinecures
ibout the throne. But this time the note of
ilarm, or rage, or whatever it was they soun- e
led, has evoked echoes enough. Sir Charles I
Dilke’s speech has supplanted in popular in- t
;erests that wonderful alliance between the t
workingmen and the Peers. It leaves Mr.
Gladstone’s speech far behind. It competes 1
with the Ticliborne trial. It has been writ- I
en about in every paper one sees. The I
rimes was not satisfied with demolishing it
mce, but slays the slain over again this morn
ng. The Standard is in hysterics. The 1
Daily News touches it cautiously. The Tele-
rraph takes refuge in glittering generalities, i
l'he Saturday Review condemns the speech
in an article which would be called bit
ter in any other paper. And the Spec
‘ator, which allows nobody to be radical
without its express permission and after
ts own manner, attacks Sir Charles
Dilke with ferocity; imputes to him a want
both of sense and decency, declares that he
talks “sheer vulgar non inse” and “discourte
.u.s rubbish in order to mislead his audience,’
md says some other things that out of re
spect for the Spectator I prefer not to quote.
What no one of all these papers does, howev
;r, is to prove, or attempt to prove, that Sir.
diaries Dilke has misstated facts. Nor did
Mr. Gladstone, who went out of his way at
lie uuuuuau uamjuok auiiiuiiokci lunu ui
ebuke, which tliough uncalled for, was at
east temperate and dignified.
In the mere fact that a young and able and
liberal member of Parliament has made a
public criticism on the royal household* there
is nothing to explain all this outcry. No sin
gle politician in a single speech can shake the
hrone, or convert popular novelty into popu
lar distrust. It is the restless sentiment be
hind the orator which makes him formidable.
Hie cheers of those just-triumphant New
castle workmen carried him through his
■speech, and lifted the speech itself into the
ight, and brought down on Sir Charles all
his tempest. Fifty years ago this speech
would have been impossible. I almost won
ler to-day that the law is not put in motion
against its bold author. But government has
learned something if the newspapers have
not. Mr. Gladstone does not want to make a
new political martyr. If the newspapers do,
hey may succeed, in a different way. Mean
ime, thanks to them as well as to the cour
age and ability of the speaker, this address
las added a great deal to the dislike of royal
ty lately spreading among certain classes. If
/oil ask why I speak of courage, the answer
s that Sir Charles Dilke risks not only popu
.arity among his associates, but his seat in
Parliament by making it. If he loses Chelsea,
is he well may with the government influence
against him, lie would find another seat with
;rcat difficulty. And just so long as he should
be kept out of Parliament would his political
career be retarded, while if the delay were
great it might come to an end altogether.
The N. Y. Commercial in one of its bright
editorials informs its readers that Maine, which
is facetiously called the State of “flag stones and
mow balls,” is completely given up to the cul
ture of potatoes. Tbe people talk about noth
ing else but the potato; ministers preach about
it; it has become the cheerful topic of social
converse and the fashionable and proper thing
to talk about in the most fashionable circles,
tt has even supplanted that very original top
ic of the weather. Indeed, ladies no longer
talk of the latest styles but of potatoes. It may
be so—probably is—and our valued contempo
rary shows the goodness of his heart in condo
ling with a people afflicted with potatomania,
which cannot sundae a season, while New
York, if the confessions of the Commercial are
true, has a number of pretty desperate manias,
o desperate that the commonest slanderer im
agines he has doaae his worst in defamation
whenhe comparesthe object of his aaaalice with
the government of New York city. Good sir,
we will still talk about the potato.
Tiie name of Minister Sehenck having ap
peared as Trustee of the Emma Mining Com
pany in London, and having been noticed by
some of the British journals, the matter has
been discussed by the leading papers in this
country. Of course the Democratic press is
virtuously indignant and mourns over the dis
grace of the nation. Of the Bepublican press,
the New York Evening Post is decided in its
opinion that Gen. Schenck should be recalled at
onep. On thp nfhpr bn.rul flip Trthtrno envo
‘There is nothing heinous in owning shares in
a gold mine, any more than in growing corn or
making wagons, and the monarchical interdict
of holding responsible office and at the same
time working or trading for a livelihood is re
pudiated by the genius of our institutions. Gen.
Schenck must not be stricken down unheard.
Men as able and worthy as he is are not so
abundant that we can afford to crush one on a
blind presumption.” The Boston Journal de
fends Gen. Schenck and demands that the
whole case be heard before sentence is passed
upon a man who has, during years of public
life, sustained a spotless reputation. The great
er part of the Itcpublican press take the same
view.
The N. Y. Commercial says a scene as dis
graceful to the present state of the law as it is
shocking to humanity, occurred in the Supreme
Court, Brooklyn, a few days ago. A husband
sued for divorce on the ground of the adultery of
his wife. The case was referred, and the referee
in default of the appearance of the wife, re
ported in favor of the husband’s application.
The Court confirmed the report, and the child,
the only issue of the marriage, a boy over
seven years of age, was brought before Judge
Gilbert on a writ of habeas corpus. H is mother,
in whose care he had been ever since the separa
tion of his parents (which took place when he
was but eighteen months old) accompanied
him. The Judge told the child he must go
with his father. Thereupon the poor little fel
low set up the most piteous cries and clung to
his mother’s side, declaring he would never
leave her. One of the officers sought to seize
him, but he ran from him about the court room,
screaming in the most heart-rending manner,
the mother meanwhile imploring the Judge to
spare her and her son the horror of such a sep
aration. Nothing, however, availed, and the
wretched little victim was finally captured and
borne from the presence of the sympathizing
spectators, uttering the most piercing shrieks
while the agonized mother fell fainting to the
fioor.
A X* Et erisii Joke.—One of Joe’s latest jokes
was played off upon a stranger who came into
the city by the Jackson train during the recent
yellow fever scare. The cars had emptied out
their cargo of jiassengers, and one greenish,
country-looking chap stood apart from the
:rowd with carpet-bag in hand, evidently at a 1
OSS as to what he should do with himself. He
tad not stood long before Joe “went for him.”
five feet nine high; two feet eleven across the
ireast; eighteen inches through,” said Joe, 1
ooking the new arrival straight in the face, not
racking a smile, and drawing from his pocket 1
tapeline with wliich he was about to verify
iis estimated measurement. “What do you
lean, sir?” eagerly inquired the stranger.—
‘Why, it’s all right,” said Joe, putting the tape i
he back in his pocket; “you measure five feet 1
ine by two feet eleven by eighteen. I’ll be
ady for you by 9 o’clock in the morning.”
licit iiinu jwu iuuu witn my iiitjusureuieui,
ir? What are you driving at, sir?” inquired
ae countryman, excitedly and angrily. “Why-,
ou see,” said Joe, “I’m the city undertaker,
nd the yellow fever is killing the strangers oil
rapidly that I have to get their measures as
ley come into the city. If I didn’t, you see,
r, that the dead bodies would accumulate on 8
ly hands.!’ At this an unusual pallor came e
.er the features of the countryman; his whole v
xly was in a quiver, and, turning to the bag- a
ige-master, he said: “Look here, mister! Check
ly baggage back up the road. I goes home by
le next train.—New Orleans Picayune.
■___. 01
The report recently circulated that there came
par being a collision upon the Maine Central U:
■udroad, near this city, was without founda- P
1 aPP< ars that tlie regular afternoon
t the i>RrrtitraiU into tlle city made their stop
l^zze^riors’which J
Vhile there a gmteUr Jn VT °f the State’
rack, hauled out and then1'JT °n SMe
rain track near the passenger trjin; ZlZwl V
ack a 1< renchman, who worked upon the train
ang out to other workmen, “collision,” ‘<CoUi’_ B.
on,” which startled the passengers, who had at
leir heads out of the windows, and many of al
lem left the car, expecting trouble, but return
1 on finding everything as it should be. Care d;
lohld be taken so that any unnecessary anxie- H
to travelers should be avoided. T:
---tb
I he gross earnings of the Pacific railroad for ul
’tober, were $777,332.90, the expenses for the an
me period were $395,322.31, leaving the net _
rnings for the month $382,810.05, an increase
$8,917.13 over the corresponding month of Oi
d). Included in the expenses are taxes to wi
eamount of $93,195.2a For the ten months
ending Oct. 31st, the net earnings ex
c those of the same period of 1870, $902,485.-
Af
f'HF. Georgia Constitutionalist, Democrat, dis
proves of the action of the Legislature of that
ite in undertaking to replace Acting Gover
r Conley by means of a special election, he
ing to all intents the legal executive of the
ate for the remainder of the term for which
lllock was elected. It says:
The possibility has already been .suggested
at the Executive may refuse to carry out the
t and if an election took place in defiance of
in three might be two political organizations
the State claiming recognition from the Fcd
al Executive, ami one of them invoking the
terposition cf Federal bayonets to sustain it.
requires no prophet to foretell how promptly
■n. Grant would respond to the appeal. He:
:mld have precedent for it in the case of Rhode j
land in tho Dorr rebellion. The Supreme j
mrt of the United States decided that the I
resident did right in thus interfering.
Five-Twenties.—In the notice from the U.
Treasury Department, dated Sept. 1, 1871,
lating to “Redemption” of certain bonds, on
after the first day of December next, the ad
irtised numbers of bonds of $500 each are “1
1899,” not “1 to 1889.” The holders of said
inds will note the discrepancy and govern
lemsclves accordingly. No interest will be
lid longer than for the time given in said no
ca.
The Agricultural College at Orono, according
i the new catalogue, has 42 students,—6 in
ich of the three upper classes, and 24 in the
reshman class. Including the Farm Superin
mdent, Military Instructor, Steward and Lec
irers, there are eleven persons in the board of
istruction. Willie Herbert Gerrisli of the So
liomore, and Charles F. Colesworthy of the
'reshman class, are from this city.
Nova Scotia.—The population of Nova Sco
ia, according to the census just completed, is
87,800. A larger gain has been made than in
my other province the past ten years. The pop
llation of Halifax is 29,582._
Tiie Jlridgton News tells the following
A ladv in a neighboring town, having been
■onsiderably annoyed by the hens coming into
lie entry of her house and peeking the loose plas
tering from the wall, thought, while washing
lislies one morning, that she heard her fowls
recking as usual; so with dish-clotli in hand
ihe hastened to open the inner door, her annoy
inee gathering force meanwhile, and giving
tier rag a war-like flourish, she uttered a tre
mendous “shoo—o—o!” Imagine her chagrin
it beholding—not the hens, but a stranger, who,
after wiping from his face the drops of dishwater
with which the good housewife had sprinkled
him, said, in.a voice perfectly calm, “Well
mum, if ye’ve got any more spare rags, I should
like to sell you some tin-ware for ’em.”
flicms.
Horace Greeley will lecture on “Wit” next
Friday evening in Tremont Temple, Boston.
Tlie Chicago Tribune suggests as a neat and
appropriate monument of the conflagration a
pyramid of the worthless fire and burglar-proof
safes scattered through the burnt district of
that city.
Green Clay Smith, of Kentucky, who was
first a good general and next a fair Congress
man, has of late been a very successful Baptist
preacher, and is now holding a protracted meet
ing in Danville, Ky.
It transpires that Mayor Hall, instead of be
ing moderately well off, is rated by those who
know as immensely wealthy for New York,even.
The Cape Ann Advertiser says an oyster
weighing two pounds has been captured on
Pope’s Island Flats.
Mr. George Wilkes has published a pamphlet
entitled “The Internationale, its Principles and
Purposes.” It is dedicated to the National
Labor Union.
The Louisville Courier-Journal strikes the
true keynote when it exclaims:—“Up with
school houses and down with Kuklux is the
word; and if it be spoken in time, and with
l>roper spirit and emphasis, it will prove a word
of enchantment.”
An old lady thinks the Bonds must be>a fam
ily of strong religions instincts, because she
hears of many of them being converted.
An Albany paper calls George Francis Train
an ollapodrida of susquepedalian verbiage. This
is worse than being designated an isosceles tri
angle or an amorpliose sediment.
The official count of votes for Governor of
Massachusetts shows this result:—Washburn,
75,121); Adams, 47,725; Pitman, 6503; Cham
berlin, 684S; B. F. Butler, 157; all others, 336.
Mr. Warner, for Secretary of State, leads Mr.
Washburn by about 2000 votes, and the other
Bepublican candidates on the State ticket about
1000 each.
A Scranton (Pa.) dispatch states that a man
who lived at Grand Tunnel, near Avondale,
died from the effects of small pox last Friday
night. In his last moments he said there was
something on his mind which troubled him and
he could not die at rest with himself until he
told it. He said that the Avondale breaker was
never fired by accident, but that he was one of
a party of six who fired it. Then giving his
name, he undertook to give the names of the
others, but could only articulate what was un
derstood to be Michael, when a fainting fit at
tacked him, from which he. did not rally, dying
shortly after.
A dead whale, sixty feet long, came ashore at
high time Saturday morning at the entrance of
Point Shirley Gut, Boston bay, whero he re
mained.
The St. Louis Democrat (Republican) calls
the passive Democrats “thumb suckers.”
Much is said about labor reform, but the New
York Mail thinks that there is not half enough
said about the reform of fellows who won’t
labor.
In the event of the death of the Prince of
Wales, his infant son, Albert Edward, will be
come the titular monarch of Great Britain,
while the Duke of Edinburgh would likely be
appointed Regent in the event of the ill-health
or demise of the Queen. The second son of
Victoria is much more of a man than his elder
brother, but is almost as notoriously immoral.
STATE NEWS.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
The Androscoggin County Savings Bank has
just declared a dividend at the rltte of seven per
cent. It has now on deposit over 8100,000, says
the Journal.
The Portland and Boston boats have made
arrangements in connection with the Grand
Trunk railroad to sell through tickets from
Danville Junction to Boston, via. Portland
boat, for $1.1X1. As the fare from Lewiston to
the Junction is 30 cents, this makes only $2.20
through to Boston, says the Lewiston Journal.
The Lewiston Journal says that city appropri
ate six dollars per scholar to the public school.
A correspondent of the Journal calls upon
Lewiston to “awake to her own and the inter
est of the State to locate the industrial schools
for girls in the city of Lewiston.”
FRANKLIN COUNTY.
[From our Correspondent.]
The barns and outbuildings of Amos P.
Knight, of Avon, were burned to the ground
Friday morning together with his hay, twelve
head of cattle and twenty-eight sheep. Cause
of fire unknown. Buildings partially insured.
OXFORD COUNTY.
Six inches of snow fell at South Paris on Fri
lay night.
PISCATAQUIS COL'NTY.
(From our Correspondent.)
Dea. Wm. Mitchell, of Abbot, has been
treated to a dog-visit among his fine flock of
diecp, killing two of his best bloods and maim
ing several others. This dog business is getting
m be an unmitigated nuisance.
A teacher’s meeting will be lioldcR in Park
nan, on Saturday, Dec. 2d, at!) o’clock, a. m.
Supervisor Knowlton will preside.
SAGADAHOC COUNTY.
The Bath Board of Trade has appointed a
'ommittee to confer with the managers of the
daine Central, and see if Bath cannot have the
ame mail facilities as other towns on the line
>f the road. The Times says the request seems
lot unreasonable when it is considered that, of
.11 the stations on the road, Bath is the largest
ontributor to its passenger list.
IN GENERAL.
One of our Boston exchanges learns that Mrs.
Uldrew Tibbetts, of Morgan, in this State, died
ecently while preparing breakfast. Where is
^SPECIAL NOTICES.
Arrewt Decay.
When a plant or a tree begins to decay it must
eeds die. It cannot be revitalized. But it Is not
with human beings. A human ruin can be repair
1, strengthened, restored, through a brown leaf or a
ithered blade of grass can never be made green
jain. In the autumn of life, or even in its winter,
hen nature seems to be giving way under the pres
ire of years, It is still possible to retard the progress
decay, and to lend to age more than its wonted
gor. As a means of promoting this object, Hos
ttor’s Stomach Bitters is unquestionably the most
»tent of all restoratives. It will not make the old
iung, but it will prevent, lessen, or sooth the in
mities which are the usual accompaniments of the
cline of life. For debility and a lack of nervous
wer, from whatever cause arising, it is the medicine
at of all others before the world, best deserves the
me of a specific. In purity, in invigorating proper
ty in its adaption to weak stomachs and feeble or
nizat ions, it has no comj>etitor among the tonics of
3 pharmacopoeia, nor among proprietory remedies. j
sides its strengthening principle, it possesses alter: j
ivc ane regulating properties of the highest order,
d as an anti-bilious medicine is far preferable to
y of the preparations containing mercury. Time t
8 shown that for physical decay, nervous debility,
spepsia, bilious disorders, and intermittent fever,
Dstetter’s Bitters is a remedy without a rival.
iis is the season of the fall of the leaf; let it remind
3 old, the feeble, the sickly, to invigorate and reg
ite their systems with this great vegetable tonic
d alterative. f
t
An Authentic History
the War between Germany and Fraucc j
h Biographies o! rbe principal actors therein. Al- J
an account o» the Civil Uar and Hcigu of c
iror in Pisii*. Over 800 psgety and 150 illus- 0
tious. Sold only by subscription. ATWELL n
cut lor Fort laud. aulOeodti 8M y
———mm—
SPECIAL- NOTICES.
The Rising Sun r
l a
1 TRADE mark;
5 For Beauty of Polish, Saving of Labor, g
g Froonossfrom Dust, Durability Cheap* S
E noss,truly unrivaled In any Country. _
g Beware of Worthless Imitations, under other names
g hut resembling ours ia shape and color of Wrapper,
intended to deceive.
•j The Rising Sun Polish in bulk, for stove dealers
use at twelve cents per pound—twenty-five and fifty
pound boxes. "Cheaper than any other Bulk Polish P fl
r for nothing."
2 MORSE BROS., Propr’s,
5 CANTON, MASS,
oclldl2w sn i
UALFOHC
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE 1
The Best Sauce and BeJish
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BE HAI) OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Sale in Portland by
818E N EVAN 8.
fflosaae §ec«arttie§
BONDS
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH 'AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, to st. John. New Brunswick, a
distance of 2f2 mile?,—with the exception of 58
mill 8 between Winn, Me., and ihe boundary line ol
tbe State at Vanceboro*. On tbi< i*>rtion the track
is now l eiug la d, both from Winn eastward and
trom Vanceboro’ westward, and the work will be
completed and trains running from Bangor to §t.
John in September next.
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTING THE UNITUD STATES
AND THE BRITISH PROVINCES (New
Brunswick and Nova K^otia). The population or the
maritime Provinces is about ONE MILLION,
and aU tlie land travel, ireight, mails, <£o., between
them and the Uni ed States,will pass over this Trunk
line.which is WITHOUT COMPETITION.
Although not yet completed, the bu»iuess of the
roau is already fir greater than i*s most sanguine
friends predicted, and is continua’ly increasing.
The net earnings from Local Butiurm alone,
on the 5t» miles com pitted in Maiue, already exceed
the interest on two and one quartet; millions ot dol
lars. aud will be largely increasing after .Sept ntxt
by the business to and'irom the Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tolly as its
present Irrge business and the immed ate increase
consequent upon its completion, requires —tbe Com
pany has issued its Bonds lo the amount of Two
Millions or Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY EORTGAGE
ON ITSBNTI**E ROAD AND S*«OB»
E«TY Ffi'tW WINNI to VaNCEBOKO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 56 miles. This
portion cost some $2 300,0 -0, and the only lien there
on is a mortgage to the city ot Bangor t >r $1,000.OOf)
Cand. in addition thereto by a FIRST AND
ONLY MORTGAGE on
800,000 Acres of Land!
Stid lands being the stme granted by the S'ate ol
Maine to aid tbe construction otthi* road. Tli**y are
situa'ed along the Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an l are heavily timbered and valuable. Latge
tractp, especially in Ibe fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agricultural district in the State are valunb e
tor tarming lands as well as for their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with whirh tbevave mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as the Stare
o* Rhode Island, which is 1306 square miles.) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides tbe mortgage of the Railway, its
equipments, &c., which alone is ample security lor
tbe Bonds, there are timber and faim lands to tbe
amount of
400 A cres to each Bond
also p!edged to ensure the payment thereof.
’J he Bonds are tor $1000 each, due March 1, 1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from U. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bonds r*gisered if desired, Coupous made
payable each j in London, Engand, it preferred.
SINKING FEND—AH proceeds ol sales of land,
as well as ot timber and other products therefrom,
ate. by the Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
they can be bought at oar or less; otherwise in
Uuited States, State or Municipal Securities. And
on July 1, 1879, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds become due nr arc all paid, the E. N A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustee* a sum
of nion* y equal to one per cent, of the amount ol
Bond* outstanding. Such amounts, and all interest
received on securities, belonging to tbe Sinking
Fund are to be invested a* above stated, and these
accumulations are solely tor the purpose of ad lition
aliy providing tor the redemption of the.-e Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a th-rd great elen ent
ot securiig and strength, and adds to the satety of
these Bonds
The Trustees are Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, of
Bangor, Me anu J. EDGAR THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Par mid Accrued Interest in payment for
any ot the lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Aeorned Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange lor these
Bonds, and can he sent by Express and these ie
turned by Express, tree of expense 10 the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further partiouars concerning
the connections and business, with Maps, showing
the loeatiou aud lauds of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Sale of Bonds,
BANGOR, MAINE,
OB TO
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO Middle Street.....Portland,
B^On completion (in lS72)ot 60 miles of Railroad
now building, between St John, N. B, amt Halifax,
N. S, there will be an unbroken line ol Railway
from Halifax to all the chief cities of the United
Stales, and as two or three days oi ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 36 hours* time saved, from
New Y ork, in going to or coming Horn Europe, by
rail to or from Halifax,— a large business in pas
sengers, mails and ireighr will itereby be auaed to
the rrathe over the E. N. A. Railway.
Julvl3-sneod tf
On Marriage.
nappy Relief for Young Men from the ef
fects i»i errors and anuses iu early hie. Manhood re
8 oreu. Impediments to marriage removed. New
method ef treatment. New and remarkable reme
dies. Boo1 s and Circulars sent free, iu sealed en
velopes. Address HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. novlsnd3m
FLOUR.
Portland, Nov. 21, 1871.
To my former Customers and the Pulic generally:
Returning thanks for past favors, I would re
spectfully invite you to No. 85 Commercial street, di
rectly opposite the Clock in Thomas Block, where
can l*e round a large and fine assortment of the best
grades of St. Louis Flour. Having determined to
give my exclusive attention to Flour alone, I shall
make it a point to purchase none that will fail to give
Kect satisfaction. The following will give some
of my success in selecting good flour. During
the year that I occupied the Japan Tea Store, ending
Nov. 1,1 retailed 1000 bbls. of flour; 400 consecutive
barrels without the return of a single one and only
14 bbls. were returned during the entire year. This
unusual success was largely owing to the quality of
flour selected, and partly in the manner which it was
sold, and that was to recommend it precisely what it
would prove to be. This will be my future course.
My flour will all be bought from first hands direct
which will enable me to retail it at the lowest whole
sale prices. As I have a record of every barrel of
flour previously sold, and the piu\ haser’s name by
reference to which Fean judge very nearly what arado
of flour will suit the same customer.
Very truly, W. H. HALT,
oi me Japan Tea Store.
s katesT
S)Je Agent in the United states lor the ce'obrated
k‘Acme Club Skates.”
Also a full 'ine of Wood Top Skates, at wholesale
aud retail.
oc3) G-eoLd 18 Elcbao«c
Mill for Sale or Lease.
SITUATE in Wilton, near the Wilton Depot one
5 Mill with never failing water power. The bulki
ng is 64x40, tqree stories. Suitable for woolen or
otfcon manufact uring. The building wheel and shaft
ng is all new, can rely on about 60 horse power the
ntire year, no trouble from freshets. The nronertv
viil be sold in yearly installments if desired. A saw
,nd shinglo mill and lath mill connected, wiii be otter
(1 with tlie above property if wished for.
For further particulars inquire of
CHARLES BARTLETT, Wilton.
m yllwtf.
Employment for everybody.-w e are p r
pared to give constant employment to any pore
on who wishes to engage in a light, agreeable and
ne paying businea. W e wiU pay a liberal salary by
lie week, and pay expenses, or allow a commission
rom which any person of common abilities can earn
•cm $20 to $50 per week clear. This is no catcli
enny humbug,but is one of the most valuable inven
ons of the ago, patented ia tbe United States and
lurope; is a great novelty, and sells readily, and no
un petit ion. To all who wish to test the business
wiil send a package of the goods by mail on receipt
f 50 cents, and those not well pleased with the hurt
ess shall be paid for their trouble. Address
30tf O. P. HOWE CO,, Augusta, Me.
Wt?’*'~ J|J|r '-1
SPECIAL NOTICES.
EOPLES’ COURSE.—CLOSING ENTERTAINMENT! 8
MONDAY EVENING NEXT, NOV. 27.
That Talented Dramatic Reader, The Child Wonder, Roman Violinist,
n her selections, Tragic and Comic, 10 years of age,
Irs. I*. W. FOSS, SIGNORINI A\TO.\L\I,
ASSISTED BY MISS FAYNIE CHANDLEK.
ADMISSION 5*5 CENTS. nov23tii it
GOING TO CHICAGO
Iiik uadrrsignpd won’d recppctfullv inlorra th« public that he intends to remove to Chicago a'ter Jan* w
uary, 1872. Betore that time we shall sell oar Flock ot
M and Winter Clothing,,
LESS THAN COSTI
Those who wish to avail thcm3elve3 ol a good uargain will call immediately.
00 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight I
y friends and y atrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor fbc liberal patronage bestowed on me
irlDg my residence in this city.
J. SISK, j
l'T'l Fore Street, Portland.

Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT B4RGALM
As the owrer intends REMOVING TO CUICACO; c^n?isling ofa 2 1-2?»orv Bri -k House No. 0 Cha*
am Street, in go*»d repair; !c«‘ 46 by 50, a goon <h»nce tor a Mechanic or bu.-inep* man to g-r a deairanle
ome. Also a brick building corner of Middle Lnd Chatham Sireeis, lot 35 b/80* Also the uexa lot
ojoiolng, containing ibice wooden stores; lot 55 bv 120; an<i one large wooden stabl«*. Th property will
e sold in seperaie lots or all together, making in all a l"t oi 90 r*v 1^0 T his is an excellent chance lor in
estrutnt, as this pro] erry is sure to increase in value, being on the principal street in ihe city.
For particulars call on 3.V. S»IS1£.
nov7tt 171 Fore Street.
_ I »A\Tn«
urn. t/uuic <iuu i vh v vun«ai
The primary cause ot Consumption isderaugement I
f ttie digestive organs. This derangement produces
li-ficiect nutiitioa and assfm lation, By asstanla-
ion I mean toar process by which the nniriioeut ot j
he lood is converted into blood, and thence into the
olids of the body. Persons with digestion thuaim-
iaired, having the slightest predisp /sitiou to pu>
nouarv disease, or if they take ccld, wdl bevery li
ible to hive Consumption o' the Lungs in same ot
ts forms; and I hold that it wi'l be impossible to cure j
my caseo iConsumptlon without first restoiinga good j
I'gestiuii ami healthy a>simila*iou. The verv tlrst i
lii'ig to be done is to cleanse the stoma< hand bone's
tom aM diseased mucus and shun which is logging
hese organs >o that ihey cannot perform their turic
ions, aud then rouse up nu«i restore ihe liver to a
leahhy action. For this purpose, the surest and best
remedy is Schcnck’s Mm-TaUe Pills These Pills
Mean^e the stomach and nowe's oi all ihe dead and
morbid slime that is causing disease aud decay in the
whole 83s;em. They will clear out the liver ot all
licens'd bile that hits accumulated there, and aroure
it up to a new and hoa ty action, by whi h natuial
and healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach,bowels and liver ate thus cleansed by
tbe use of Sch nek’s Mandrake Pills; bat there re
mains iu the stomach an excess ot acid, the organ,
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In tLe bow els, the
lac teals are weak, aud require strength and support.
It >a in a condition like this that belie nek’s Seawctd
Tonic proves to be the most valuable remedy ever
discoveied. It is alkaline, and iis use wiL neutralize
ail excess ol acid. making the s omach sweet aud
iresh; it will give permanent tone to tois ioapo tant
organ, and cieale a good, hearty appetite, and pre
paretbe system tor the first process otago d digestion
aod ultimately make good, healthy, living blo»d.—
Aiicr ilns preparatory treatment, what remains to
cure mod cases ot Consumption is tbe tree and per
severing use ot Sehenck’s Pu'monie S>»up. The
Pulmonic Syrup nouiisbes the system, purifies the
blood, and is t e.idtly absorbed iwo the circulation,
and ilien -e distributed to the diseased itings. There
it. ripens a'l morbid matters, whether in the form of
abscesses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel all the diseased matter in the form of tree ex
pectoration, when once it ripens. It is then, by the
great healing and putitying properties o* Schenok’s
.Pulmonic Syrup, that ail ulcers and cavities are h^al
ei up souud and rny patient is cured.
Tbe essential thing to be done in curing Consump
tion is to get up a go *d anpt*’itc and a good digsstion
so ihat the body will grow in llesh aud get strong.—
if a person has di§eaaed lung?, a cavity or abscess
there, the cavity cannot teal, ti e matter cannot rip
en, fo long as the system is below par. Wha» is nec
essity to cure is a new order or things, a good appe
tre, good nutrition, die body to grow in fle-b and
get fat; then Na uru is helped, Ihe cavities will heal,
the ma’ler will ripen and be thrown oft n l-*rge
quauiities, aud the person regaiuhealth and strength.
'This is the true ami only plan to core Consumption,
and if a person s very bad, it thojungs are not en
tirely destroyed, or even it one lung is entirely gone,
ir there is enough vilalily leit in the other to heal up I
there is hope.
i have seen many persons cured with oniy one
souad luni?, Jive and enjoy life to a good old age.
This ifevhat Schenck’s medicines will do to cure
Consnmp i in. T hey will c ean out the stomach,
sweeten ar.d 8'ren^t‘ren it get up a good digestion,
and give Natuie tbe assistance she needs to clear the
sys e n ot all the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever ihe form m*.v be.
It is impor tant mat, while using Schenck’s medi
cines, care should be f zeroised not »o take co'd: keep
in-toors in cool and damp weather; av i.t night air,
and take out-door exercise only in a genial and waim
sunshine.
I wish It distinctly understooo uat when I recom
mend a patient to be careml in regard lo taking cold
while using my medicine. 1 do so tor a special rca*
s >n. A mm who has but paritellyfrecovereJ from the
effects of a bad cotd is tar more liable to a relapse
than one ho has bet n entirely cured, and ii is pre
cisely the same iu regard to consumption So long
as ihe lungs are r.ot perfectly healed, just so l«»ng is
there imminent danger ot a mil return ol the dis
ease. fcteuce it is that I so strenuously caution pul
monary patients agdost exposing themselves to an
atmosphere that is not genial and picas" nt. C n
tirire 1 consumptives' lungs are a mass ot sires,
which the least change ot atmosphere will Inflame.
The gran i secret o. my success w ith my medicines
consists in my ability to subdue iuflamaiion instead
ot provoking if, as rnanv ot the faculty do. Au in
flamed lung cannot with saiety to the patient ba ex
posed to ihj biting blast? t whiter or the chiling winds
of spring or autumn. It should be catemllv shielded
trom all irritating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in tlii< particular, as without it a
cure under almost ary circumstances i3 an impo-B'
bilifcv.
i he person .‘honld be kept on a wholesome and nn
tricious diet, and all ihe medicines continued uutil
the body lias restored to it the natural quantity oi
flesh and strength.
1 was my elf cured by this treatment o* the worst
kind ot Consumption and have iived to gel >at and
hearty these many years.with one lung mostly gone.
I have cured thousands siu< e, alid very many have
been cured by this treatment whom i have never
seen
About iliefirst of October I expect to take posses
sion ot my new building at ihe north-east corner of
Sixth and Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to
give advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all ru? remedies,so that
a person in any part oi the world can be readily
cured bv a strict observant e oi tlie same.
J. H SOHLNCK, M. D., Philadelphia.
GEO. C- GOODWIN, CO., Ageuis.
CUbiUn.
ONDS.
Portland Municipal, G's
Portland 4td U. R. G's
State ot Maine G’s
St. Louis G’s
Rockland Aid B.R. G s
European N. A. R. R. Gold G’s
Portland* Oad. U. R. Gold G’s
Portland Rochester R. R. 7’s
Chicago 7’s
Toledo S’s
FOB SALE BY
SWAM BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
109 Middle getrcet.
OC23 SST MW&F
.1.
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros, Co„
Union Bank]of London,
-AND THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
And all it* Branches.
For sale In Bums to suit, by
T. B. BROWN SONS,
jel3-suttOy Exchange St.
FOR SALE.
AN OLD RELIABLE FAMILY HORSE,
good Rojittetcr, fearless of locomotives,
stands without tying, considered entirely
safe for lailics or children’s driving,
Sold aR owner lias no further use for him.
Price $123 09. Address
H., P. 0. Box 802.
nov25 sx-S&M*
WHAT’S BEST.
What it is best for us to do
Wo sometimes do not know;
’Tis then we prize a friend who’s true,
Oue proi>er course to show;
His words of kindness should wc heed,
And treasure in our heart,
Feeling he is “a friend indeed,”
Such knowledge to impart.
’Tis best, whene’er the Boys need “Clot) ies,”
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hat and Shoes complete,
To “Suit” them at George A. Fexno’r,
Comer of Beach and Washington street.
Boston, Nov. 23-dlw
GRAHAM FLOU RI
OK A SUPER'OR QU %L1TY
Fresh from the mill. AUo the celebrated
P o s T els
An«l OthfiP Choice Brnnds.
KIIAW, HAJIHiilVD A (1AB8KY.
oc.9(1310
Storage,Advances,
Storage to let. in first class bonded watehonse 1 on
Brown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings York Uantorth and Com
mercial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS.
id Exchange Street.
A new lot of fine English
BREECH AND HCZZLE LOADING
DOUBLE Gbxrisrs
Just resolved per steamer, to be sold Very Low!
Ct. L. BAILEY, 4S Exchange 81.
t3T Sign of the “Golden Rifle.” no24eod tf S.Y
To be Let.
1'HE three Storied Brick Store 204 Fore strer l, foot 1
of Piuio, in soon condhi -11 with hois sp- t
para’as Irvmsub cellar to th» ihird sloiy t
Apply to J. K. BltaZIElt, 47 Itiaoko 3 si,,
rr at N. Goold, Merchant iaitjr, ll>7 Sl ddlo r net.
nolOdlwts I
State of Maine,. 6’*
Portland,. O’*
Bath,.
Chicago,. I9*
Cincinnati—AVater Loan,. 7’»
Hamilton Connty,Ohio,.7-30’a
Leeds Sc Farmington R. R.,. O’*
Principal and Interest guaranteed by the Maine
Central Railroad Company.
Portland Rochester R. R.,. 7’si
Portland Sc Ogdensburg R. R., €2 old, 6’s
Central Railroad of Iowa, €>iold. 7J»
For 6ale by
H. M. PAYSON,
32 Exchange St., Portland.
Batchelor's Ilalr 9>ye.
This superb Ilair Dye is the best in the world—per
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
appointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
The genuine Win. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair dean; sof,tbeautiful; does not
contain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all Druggists.
Factory, 16 BOND STREET, N. Y
_jy 11_SN D&W 1Y_
Solargrapli.
I HAVE invented a new and beautiful Picture; I
have named it ftolnrgrnph. Every one ad
mires it that sec it; every one should see it before
getting any other. It is just the Picture for a
CHRISTAS PRESENT.
Come all and see the new Picture at
A. M. M’KENKEY’S,
nov2l8Neod 1G1 I?Eiddle Si. d&wlm
NO T I O Id!
THE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, has removed back to the .old
stand on Exchange street. where I wid etiM luanu
jacture the eJioicest branus ot cigars^ I will invito
aM my customers and triesds it) general to call and
examine *ny goods and get posted on th? prices. L
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and line brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
I want two lim class Cigar Makers—no p^or ones
wanted. E. PONCE, No. SO Exchange St.
yl-tf
Ladies lloaks
-AND
Winter Jackets,
AT
EASTMAN BRO’S,
332 Congress Street.
October 31- sn dtt
Stock k Stand for Sale
An I concern plate leaving the ePy will sell my
sfock and place ot business *6 trreai <1scount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my slock ot
Ship Timber. Plnnk, Spar*. Knees, Deck-*
ing, ami Tr. cnaiin.
Also 30.000 Ce>l»r R. K. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on L. TA1LO R,
sept 19-sntt 17G Commercial st.
EXCHANGE”
-ON
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
-AND
Ready for Immediate Delivery!
IN.SUMS TO SUIT!
WM. WOOD,
07 Fxcliange St.
Agent lor Henry (’lew* Co., IV. V.
June 27-tt sh
Procure Tickets
35SS1 W. D. Little Gc.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENCY
Travelers for California
and the WreM, South anti Northwest, may ob
tain through Tiehrls, b\r ilie best and mo l
reliable route* Horn Formal U. or d iston. or
New York, to anv pi int desnedat the lowest
kales at the old and reliable Uu:cn Ticket Agency,
W. I). LITTLE it CO.,
Office 49 1-9 ftxchaug* *t.
C3^**Leiiable information cheerfully furnished at
all times._ au2Gd it in
xtare f nance.
A rare chance lor a person to engage in tba
Retail Shoe Btisiness.
Stand one of the W»t in the city. For particular*
call on or addiess
C. II. STAPLES,
Ko. 56 Onion Street.
nov20 tl
SPORTS3IEIV I
J. B. Lucas, 69 Exchange St.,
Has just received another lot ot those fine
lircech l.oacJin* Shot Gnu*.
Also a lew more ot those very cheat*
English Twist Double bbl, Guns.
oot4
AililiciaS Teclli.
To my Patrons and the Public.
I wish to ca l your attention to the
^^-ULTJAD,HTSTABLE RIDGE, which I nm
now applying with great sucres* lo all sets ot teeih.
The method of applying this rioge to nriirtca! teeth
is an invention ot my own. By its use the most
difficult mouths ran he fitted, anil all persons about
to have teeth inserted will he sure of a prrfeqr lit l»y j
having this ridge used. Every set ot teetti made by j
me with this ridge applied will be proi*erlv adjusted
so as to fit the mouth perfectly, or no pay will be ac-
cepred tor the work done, ih -sc who have sets ot
teeth which do not fit c*n have them reset this
ridga applied, and warranted to fl or n<» charge will
be made. CARLTON KIVBALu, D D. S,
No 11 Clapp's Block, corner ot Congre-s and Elm
streets, Portland. nolldtf
Great Reduction in Prices,
It you wantmore pictures fer yonr ranr.ey, than
you ever received before,' call at the
Portland Photograph Gallery,
No 80 Middle Street.
Look at some ot the prices,
8 I.oige Ferret) pse 50 ccn's,
Former price ll OO.
13Cmd Feriottpes 50 cen<*,
Foi mcr price 01 OO.
73 Tin Type* 50 cents.
Former puce 01 OO
Picture* in Frnme 75 cents.
Photographs 83 OO Per Dor..
®3r ror cnuuren unner nv*j years oi age, an aain
tioual price will ne charged.
A. S. DAVIS CO.
not sn 4w
S. B. GO WELL.
Anticipating leaving Hie city now otters his entile
stock ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
rtjgreat bargains, and will continue ihe sa’es on'y
until .he sells Ids bouse. (See advertisement by Geo.
II. Davis ft Co.) Mow is jour time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
BF-Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntf
JLEA PERRINV* SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It iiit tovps appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
iled tor its Iluvoi.
We are directed by Messrs LEA PERRINS to
ttosecute a.i parties miking or vending counterfeits.
join DOCA^i’K wont*,
augltsndai Agents, Nr a Yo«k.
02V MARRIAGE.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
ml ABUSES, whiefc .interfere with MARRIAGE— f
ritli sure means ot s*e!iet tor ibe Erring and Unfor
anaie. Diseased and debilitated. Address HOW
lKD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, 8. Ninth St, Pbiladel
Ida, Pa. jy 2G-SN tug
SPECIAL NOTICES, j
iiiltaalism and Animal Masnetlsni
OF. ST(>N E,i k
ill explain to wliat extent Mtxlcrn SpliPuUilanl- i
italions, so called, may be attributed to the law, 1 1
bleb govern Animal Magnet bin. sml prca.ut *>me
tc-esting facts relating to extraordinary man-r.-sta- I
ms. which have taken place in his pre^ne, and 1
liich are well authenticated by many witnesses of
te ce an integrity, at
FLUENT HaVLIj,
Fw&day Evening, Wov. liSth,
Her which amusing and astonishing experiment*
ill be performed._noJS_rn dt
Class for Bustruction
3LECTRO BIOLOGY
And other phases of Animal Magnetism.
PROF. STONE
WILL FORM A. CLASS
AT FIjFENT HALL,
MONDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 27th,
VIieTi those who attend will be enabled to produce
rith certainty and safety, all those interesting idie
omena exhibited through animal magnetism. Also,
lie method of applying the power to the euro of tlis
»HO.
Class to commence at 8 o'clock. Terms to the
mne $10.00. no25 sn2t
Class Ticket will admit free to public seances.
1^0O, SALE
rllF! new two Ftory French reef house, just fin
ished, n Cushman st.; hou-c pif*^! t r Sebago,
tnd ail the modern uupr veuieiits. Ei quire on iho
•remises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. TENNEY,
sei'-tdit sn
MARRIED.
In West Baldwin, Nov. 13, Eldrick C. Burnell, of
B., and Fannie M. Garcy, of Greenwood.
In West Paris, Nov. 8, Llewellyn A. Pratt and Pau
ine C. Murdock.
In Lewiston, Nov. 15, Goo. A. Pollard, of Winslow,
mil Viola M. RandJctt, of L.
In Boston, Nov. 1C, David Hale, Esq., and Julia P.,
laughter of the late Dixey Stone, of Bri lgton.
DIED._
In this city, Nov. 24, John Russell, Esq., in tlis 59th
fear of his ago, formerly Supt. P. S. aud P. R. R. Co.
.Boston papers please copy.]
[Funeral service this Monday afternoon at 2 o’cl'k,
at his late residence.
In this city, Nov. 25, Edward P. Gerrisb, aged 52
years.
[Funeral services at St. Luke’s Cathedral at 2£
o’clock this (Monday) afternoon.
At St. Louis, Mo., Nov. 24, Mrs. Emma B. Blaine,
wife of Edward Spalding Churchill, formerly of Port
land.
In Wiscasset, Nov. 12, Mrs. Mary, wife of John
Nason, aged C9 years.
In Wiscasset, Nov. 13, Mrs. Margaret, wife of L. S.
Hubbard, aged 79 years.
In Lewiston, Nov. 20, Sarah A. Norton, age l 27
years 4 months.
In Phipsburg, Nov. 19, Mrs. Margaret Duley, aged
DO y u«u r* o ;uouin.>.
In Osawatoniio, Kansas, Nov. 14, Walter Fern aid,
youngest son of Harry and Clara T. Smith, formerly
of this city; aged 4 months.
DEPARTURE OF OCEAN STEAMERS
NAME FROM FOR DATE
Ocean Queen.New York. .Aspinwall-N r 29
Iowa.New York. .Glasgow.Nov 29
Scotia.New York. .Liverpool.Nov 29
Idaho.New York. .Liverpool.Nov 29
Columbia.New York. .Havana.Nov 30
Manhattan.New York. .Liverpool.Lee 1
Hibernian.Portland—Liverpool.Doc 2
Oceanic.New York.. Liverpool.Dec 2
Villc de Paris.New York.. Havre.Dec 2
Cleopatra.New York. .Havana.Dee 2
Oity of London.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 2
Algeria.New York.. Liverpool.Dec C
Colorado.New York. .Liverpool.Dec f»
Moravian.Portland... .Liverpool.Dec 9
City of Antwerp_New York. .Liverpool.Dec 9
Wisconsin.New York.. Liverpool.Dec 13
Russia.New York. .Liverpool. —Dec 13
City of Merida.New York. .Hav& V Cruz.Dec 14
City of Bristol.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 14
Sarmatian.Portland_Liverpool.Nov 16
Nliniaturc Alnimiitc.November 27.
Sun rises.7.05 I Moon rise?. 5.00 PM
Sun sets.4.30 High water.11.15 AM
MARINE" NEWS'.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
•Saturday, Nov. 35.
ARRIVED.
Steamer Dirlgo, Johnson, New York—passengers
and mdse to Henry Fox.
Steamer Chase, Mulligan, Halifax, NS—passengers
and mdse to John Porteous.
Brig J W Spencer, Hopkins, Mobile—858 bales cot
ton to order.
Sch Frank Nellie, Bean, Georgetown, DC—coal
to Randall, McAllister Co.
Sch J G Drew, Carter, Philadelphia—coal to Jam*'S
Williams.
Sell H G Bird, Drink water, New York—corn to
Waldron <Ki True.
Sch Annie W, (Br) Branscomb, Boston, to load for
St John, NB.
Sch Laura, (Br) Foster, Boston for St John, NB.
Soli Magnolia, Merrill, Bangor for Boston.
CLEARED.
Steamer Carlotta, Colby, Halifax, NS—John Port
eous.
Barque Rothsay, (Br) Hall, Buenos Ayres—A S
E Spring.
Barquo Nonpareil, Flynn, Montevideo Chas E
Chase Co.
Brig Teviot, (Br) Nash, Halifax—John Porteous.
Sch Aurora Borealis, (Br) Ham, St John, NB—Jno
Porteous.
Sell The Star, (Br) Sadler, St John, NB—John Port
eous.
Sell Teazer, Hamilton, New York—Bunker Bros.
Schs Elizabeth Rebecca, Nutter, and James Law
rence, Sprague, Boston—Bunker Bros.
Sch Intrepid, Jackson, Boston—Bunker Bros.
Sell Gertie Lewis, Hodg-lou, Jiang1 *r, to load for
Baltimore—J Nickerson.
Sch Frank Pierce, Grant, Ellsworth—Eastern Pack
j et Co.
Sch Helen Maria, Prince, Camden and Belfast—
Eastern Packet Co.
Nunilny, Nov. 30.
ARRIVED.
Barque Ida E, (Br) Doane, Newport, E—556 tons
coal to Jas L Farmer.
Brig Et ta M Lacker, Tucker, Marblehead.
Sch P S Lindsey, Hamilton, Boston.
NEJIORANDA.
Sch Idaho, Davis, from Portland for New York,
which got ashore near East Chop, Vineyard-Haven,
has sustained no damage.
Barque George Treat, Ginn, at Boston from Tloilo,
reports, from toe Cane of Good Hope to Bermuda,
had tine weather, and then followed a succession of
gales which commenced from SE, blowing with more
or less violence for a few hours, nud then suddenly
changed to NW and continued for several days, at
tended w ith thunder and lightning and exceedingly
rough seas. Sustained considerable damage to sails,
rigging and spars.
DOMESTIC POSTS.
GALVESTON—Cld 15th, ship Riverside, Rich, for
Liverpool.
NEW ORLEANS—Below 10th, ships Kentuckian,
Sawyer, from Bristol, E, 40 days; Thomas Harward,
Baker, Boston.
GEORGETOWN, SC-Cld 20th, sch Carrie S Webb,
Day, New York.
CHARLESTON—Sld 23d, barque Keystone, Berry,
Liverpool.
Ar 24th, seh E K Dresser, Reed, Porto Rico.
NORFOLK—Ar 24th, ship Uncle Joe, Stilphen, fin
Baltimore for Liverpool.
FORTRESS MONROE—Passed in 24th, brig Lena
Thurlow, Corbett, from Leghorn for Balmimore.
Passed; out 24th, ship ITncle Joe, for Liverpool.
BALTIMORE—Cld 22d, sch G M Partridge, Bunk
er, Rockland.
Ar 23d, schs Nevada, Gillis, Northhaven; Anna M
Nash, Sparrow. Portsmouth.
PHILADELPHIA—Cld 22d, brig Ocean Bell, Cof
fin. Boston.
Cld 23d, sch Mary Ella, Thomas, Providence,
NEW YORK—Ar 23d, brigs Benj Carver, Means.
Port Johnson for Boston; Ida L Ray, Crowell, do for
Portland; schs Roswell, Copp, Elixabcthport for Bos
ton; Dresden. Smith, fin Port Johnson fordo; Abbie
Ingalls, Ingalls, do for Portland; Lochiel, Haskell,
do for Bangor; Boston, Sealmry, do for Calais; Ring
Dove, Swan, Calais; Dick Williams, Miller, and Nel
lie, Johnson, Vinalnavcn.
Ar 24th. sells Franklin, Clark, fm Indianola; AK
Woodward, Ellsworth; Frank Maria, Wood, Provi
dence; F Arihemius, Mitchell, and M S Hathaway,
Cole, Sliulee, NS.
Cld 24tli, brig Zavilla Williams, Veazio, Jackson
ville; sells Ocean Pearl, Blanchard, for l'urt Simon;
Storm Petrel, Haskell, Costa Rica; Harriet Thomas,
Vuncleaf, Providence.
Passed through Hell Gate 23d, brig Benj Oliver,
Meyers, Port Johnson for Portsmouth; sens Olive,
McFadden, Elizabeth port for do; J W Cotlin, Upton
New York for Boston; Corvo, Pickering, do for Sa
lem.
Passed do 24th, brig Ida L Ray, Bradford, New
burg for Boston; schs Labauali, Wall, EHzabcthport
for Cambridgeport; Alcora, Dennison, Hoboken for
New London; Sea Foam. Pendleton, from do for Fall
River; Lochiel, Haskell, Rondout for Boston.
BRIDGEPORT—Ar 24th, sch Abby S Oakes, Ride
out. Bangor.
PROVIDENCE—Ar 2Ith, schs W G R Mowrey,
Eaton, Calais; Marcell us, Remick, Ellsworth; Mary
Louisa, Simpson, Providence.
NEWPORT—Sld 23d, schs Helen M Woodward,
Brooks, Provincetown for New Haven; Muracailio,
Henley, Providence for New York; Alcyone, Davis,
Providence for Alexandria.
Also sld, brig Open Sea, Coombs, from Boston for
Philadelphia; schs Addio L Cutler, Fiske. Bangor for
Bri lgenort llarmona, Burgess, Sullivan for New
hurg; Bowdoin. Randall, Portland for Baltimore.
VINEYARD-HAVEN—Ar 23d, s« I s P L Smith,
Robinson, Brunswick, Ga, for Millhridge; Adrianna,
Dunton, Port Johnson for Portland; Oregon. Pink
ham, New York for Ipswich.
Also ar 23d, brigs Ambrose Light, Thomas, Hobo
ken for for Boston Win R Sawyer, Pinkham, Port
Johnson for do; Hampden, Smith, Bangor for New
York; schs Magellan, Sargent, Saugertfes for Boston;
Marcus Hunter, Orr, and Nellie Chase. Upton, llo
lxiken for Portland; Henry, Dobbin,do for Gardiner;
Cliiino, Lansil, Bonaire for Bangor; E E Stiuipson,
Price, Elizid»etInK»rt for Portland.
Sld 23d, brig J W Spencer; scl-s Tookolitta, Maria
Roxana, Annie Harris, T Benedict, C W Holt, David
Was.son, Mary Lnngdon, Moses Eddy, J E Garnage,
Nathl Stevens, Walton, Sialc, Lookout.
BOSTON—Ar 24lli, brigs John Aviles, Fotcrs, Wil
mington; Gilmore Meredith, Ayres, Alexandria, Va;
Whitaker, Cotton. Elizal>ethport; schs S S Bickmore,
Barter, Darien; C W Holt, Hart, Wilmington; Hes
perus, Conary, New York.
Cld 24th, ship Montana, Atwood, Hong Kong; sch
Oraloo, Small, Macliias.
Ar 25th, brigs Navarino, Wyman, Smyrna; A J
R oss, Wyman, from Surinam; sch Light of tlic East, I
Somes. Elizabeth! ort.
Cld 25th, schs Kathleen, Thurbcr. St John, NB. via
Portland; Calvin, Clark, Musquash, NB; Geo Sav
age. Nye. Bangor.
GLOUCESTER—Ar 24tli. sch L Newton, Williams,
Bath for New York Hannah Eld ridge, Hodgdon,
RivUWi'iv fnr ltnHfnn
MARBLE HEAD—Ar 21st, brig Etta M Tucker,
Tucker, Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
At Shaughac Sept 2, ship Midnight, Hatch, New
York: and others.
Ar at Ilong Kong 11th ult, ship Sumatra, Mullen,
In distress, having lost spars mid sprung aleak.
SU1 fm Batavia 15th inst, barques Clara, Nichols,
B >ston; 18th, ship Mindora, Reynolds, ro.
CM at Liverpool 11th, sl.lp L B GilCiirist, W atts,
^^A^Mayaguez ICtli inst, sell Hattie E Smith, Brown
r>Ar at Cieufuegos Stli inst, sch Lizzie Webster, Par
ions, New Orleans. a
Ar at Havana 18th. bng Sullivan, Terry, Boston.
At Havana 18th inst, barques Norwegian, Murrav,
m l T K Weldon. Colson, uue; brigs Clara J Adams,
VlcFadden, and Merriwa,Waterhouse, for New York;
i H Curtis. Merrimau; Torrent, Tibbetts; Nellie
^lirtord, Littlefield, and Manposa, Staples, unc.
Ar at Matanzas 23d, barque U W Gritlitlis, Drum
nond. New \ork.
At S iena 14th, soli Hamburg, Sanborn, from M u
bias, disg.
Ar at St John, NB, brig Daisy Boynton, AnnVbv
lllgo; mbs Anna Currier, Pack, an 1 Black mi V,
portlan,!; Magnolia, Howard,
SP#KE»,
oundNorhti,.0frt,Uyrf0rt ’’ri« Guiding Star,
s£W ADVERTISEMENTS
Something New in Art
OVERS of the Fine Arts can now make a selec
.J tion from a very tine and large stock of
Steel Engravings!
TTHOlilLAPHS AND CHROMOS,
WtaetolJWWU CHAS. .1. SCHUMACHER, In Eu
1,5,1 “‘direct.
We teel confident in any!,,* tliat
1,0 ®°mp»ele A.-ortnicui of Flue Pic
ture. Krer Entered the State.
Mr. S. tow aetetthc choicest
Iil.jectu from lie largest estnblkhin.nta in Berlin
diinkb, Dusseklorf, Dresden, &c, and Uu® K**nt ua rm
he result many
figure Gems of Art!
From the old masters.
An;l we find by importing ourselves,
IVe rnn sell Cheaper at Iftetuil, at Lower
Pi iceM than the name goorin nr© aold
for at Who Irani© in Ibis Country.
We invito all interested in fine Pictures to call and
examine oar stock before purchasing, as such goods
:an be found in Portland only at our store.
Wo Offer Extra Inducements
TO TKBII TRADI1,
our stock is extensive, giving ampls chance for
(election, and at price* lower than the New York
Market.
SCHUMACHER BRO’S,
5 Dceriu^ Block.
Nov 27-eod lw
A FEW FACTS
WORTH KNOWING.
I SHALL OPEN on 1TEMDAY
a choice selection of
FDREIG^ GOODS
Carefully selected and of much merit. These goods
come from Nuii/i rlnml, where they were bought
by a gentleman ol thirty year*’ experience in
the EUROPEAN MARKETS, who visits the Peas
ant by IN MID-WISTHB, when the Annvr* arc
feet deep in the Alpine villages, and when these
people are de|>emiem upon the sales of their produc
tions for supiiort, they are of course bought at fr. -m
three to five hundred per cent, cheaper than by SUM
MER TOURISTS, and are imported during the dull
season, (when freights and exchange are low) by par
ties who import a MILLION DOLLARS per auuuia;
these goods,
uri.neTF'xx enn nrixiu mnurT
arc chosen after experience in the wants of our citi
zens.
IMMEDIATELY A FT EH THANKSGIVING, I
shall opeu u beautiful variety of
Russian Productions,
Which are sold only by one other h >usc In this coun
try! These goods are very beantifhl!
I have satisl'acti >n iu stating wliat is undeniable,
th fct 1 have the best raid most perfect stock of
TEOlIiDI!VG4 FOR GOLD FRA.TIE A
Ever kept in this State, and shall Ixi glad to make
them into Frames, under the supervision of skilled
workmen, as I have always hail iu employ.
My stock of Glass was bought in July, since when,
there has been an advance of 20 per cent. This will
be saved t<> my patrons.
The public are invited to a free ami full examina
tion of my novelties, and will of course be the best
judges of quality and price!
1 am selling Prang’s I'hromon for 50 cents.
Nlrrco^ropic Vicwsst 88 eta. per dox.eu, and
hue largo German ChromoN for $1.50.
HALE,
ISTo. 2 FREE ST.
Nov. 27-tf
COD FISH,
Pollock, JHackcrel,
1I0LIBUTS’ FINS,
Tongues and Sounds,,
Now landing from Schooners Libertine and Jopepl
ine, and for sale by
CURTIS X DATES.
Nov 27-ulw
ATTE]STTIONT l
YOU CAN BUY
Chamber Sets for $3 4
—AT—
N. TAR BOX’S,
158 mid ICO FORE STREET.
And a largo Assortment of
Furniture, Crockery and llousc-Keepi u(T
Goods 1
At the same proportion.
Also the Folding Bed which was exhibited at th*f
Fair and was recognized as one of the best and most
useful articles in the market.
Don’t forget the name aud place.
N. TARROX, 158 and I GO Fore At.
There will be an Auction of this stock on Tuesday,
November 2tt)h, at 2 P. M. uo27 is
nuvnii s saie.
Cumberland, as:
TAKEN on e xecution and will be sold at public auc
tion on Tuesday, tho twenty-sixth day orDecember,
at ten o’clock in the foreman, at the Sheriff’s office
in Portland, in said County, all the right In equity
which Caroline W. Fosdick, of Portland, in miiu
County, has or hart on the tenth day of June, 1871,
at ten o'clock and forty minutes in the forenoon, be
ing; the time of the attachment of the same on the
original writ in this action, to redeem the following
described mortgaged real estato, to w it: A certain
lot of land in said Portland with the buildings there
on, bounded as follows, to wit: Beginning in the
northerly line of Brackett street at the easterly cor
ner of Miriam Lord’s land, thence running easterly
on the line of wtid street twenty feet, and from these
two hounds extending northerly at right angles with
said street, forty-two feet, holding the width of twen
ty feet, being the same land Benjamin Webster con
veyed to Abigail Ejhjs, by deed dated June 8, 1802,
and recorded in Cumberland Registry of Deeds, Book
37, page 537. Also, another parcel of land with the
buildings thereon, situated on said Brackett street,
and bounded as follows, to wit: Beginning at the
southeasterly corner of lot described above, thence
running easterly on the line of said street five feet six
inches to a stake, and from this stake and said corner
extending northerly back from said street holding:
the width of five feet six inches, fifty feet to wakes,,
said west line being at the line of the east
described lot. being the same described in deed from
Charles Trowbridge to Caroline W. Fosdick, (latest
Nov. 22.1866, and recorded in Cumberland Registjy
of Deeds, Book 349, pa go 71, to which reference i*
hereby made for a more particular description.
WM. L. PENNELL, Deputy Sheriff'.
Dated at Portland, Nov. 20th, A. D. 1871.
dlt__w3w48
GAGE 3D J^VIST
Floor, drain anil Provision
Commission Merchants,
CANAL STREET,
C. F. Davi? Chicago.
R. W. C aci 206 State st., Boston, villi cl J, U»
no2
To I et.
®<L uw No 27 Fre street. Suitable for a
Jo*r,.!TV House. I quire 109 Federal »t.
H no.. lw_
Board Wanted.
WASTED by a Gentleman and Will, a pleasant
room and go.*! board. Private fttntily preferred*
Address stating j»articulars, WANTED, Daily Press
Office. no27tf _
Portland, Nov. 27, 1971.
THE meml>ers of Atlantic, Portland, Ancient
Land Mark Lodges are requested to assemble nfc
Egyptian Hall, at 1} o’clock r. M, to affeud thus.
Funeral of our late Brother .JOHN RUSSELL.
Per order A. G. ROGERS,
Secretary Atlantic Lodge, N 81.
Salesman Wanted.
WANTED by a Wholesale Grocery House, mar 4
to travel and tell goods. Ope who lias »«d«s
perienco. and can Influence aoms trade, may a dref
nov27nlw Box No. IOTA, Portland Post C
GOLD DUST.
GOLD DUST.
It is the beat Flour n Portland for tho
mon j!
GOLD DUST.
It never foils to plcnnc the mont ft vstldeous*
GOLD DUST
In bought nml unetl, bj old, retired. Flour
merchant*.
GOLD DUST.
I have nold 100 barrel* of it, nud irot one
returned
GOLD DUST.
If once need, yon will nlwnya n.o it
GOLD DUST.
Don't fail to conse for it. It will ecrtniniy
make hontc happy, Ion will hear no morv
“jaw” from yonr aervnnt girl*. It i« >ar j
to plenne.
WHOLESALE AXD BETA! L
So COMMERCIAL STREET,
OITOMTE THE OI.D C I.OC R.
W. Iff. HAItlt.
no2s,ltf_I.ate Japan Ten
RARE CMA^ CE!
FOR SALE—‘AjjCLX H< JUSE.
IEARIiK NEVA'_IN (.Odlf HEPA1B!
$GOO.O<
Adilrew, 1873.
_ Nov 24eodlw ___
Country Store for' «nle or
"TV EAlt tho city, and on tb« line GRAND
A.t THI NK. Cloud Lcaii a am! £'><*1 trt lle#
Apply to 1 J. TAYLOR,
14 Enduing* ,t,c
SURE PREVENT! CE A Cl BE
ull Secret Dines** Spculjr :’n,l j?* m..
cvii t <f One Dollar. A JdfreM
Box 723, Portland, Me. nw2PUr
1