£p£ ^atlg
rVBTASUEB EVERY MORNINO,
(80NPAY EXCEPTED,)
I per year, if paid trie Uy In advance.
Otherwise, 15 Cents per Month.
Ot JUassaebttsetfs Spg,
ESTABM3BED JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVENT FRIDAY MORNING
At per Annum.
A l>. lIALBWIX A C**.. Proprietor..
SO. HI MAIN STREET.
SMarccstcr Spn.
CITY NEWS.
A smart active bov is wanted to carry morn
ing papers in the west part of the city. Apply
at the Spy office.
City Marshal James M. Drennan lias just
been appointed a member of the state police, to
date from January Ist.
The sum of twenty dollars was presented to
Master Brooks, pane in the common council,
last evening, as a Christmas present from the
councilmen.
The Bay State and First National insurance
companies of this city lost $2500 each by the
burning of Revere sugar refinery at East Cam
bridge, Wednesday night.
The increasing popularity of the entertain
ments of the People’s club is attested by the
fact that the hall was crowded last evening, and
large numbers were unable to gain entrance.
The fair in the Vestry of Grace church closed
last evening, having proved satisfactory and
successful. The “old folks concert" finished
the programme with “Auld Lang Syne,” which
was repeated in tesnonse to an encore.
The lit. Rv. Wistar Morris, missionary
b jbop of Oregon, will make an address at All
Saints church to-night, and give an account of
the woikin progress in his jurisdiction. The
service will begin at half-past seven o’clock.
Mr. A. N. Towne who resided in this city, a
few years ago, has been appointed general su
perintendent of the Central Pacific railroad and
its branches. He is compare ively a young
man, being not yet forty years old.
Post 10, G. A. R., held their annual election
of officers last evening, with the following re
sult: J A. Titus, commander; A. D. Pratt,
senior vice commander; J. M. Meach, junior
vice commander; E A. Rice, quartermaster; Dr
A. Wood, surgeon; J. B. Lamb, chaplain; E. E.
Livermore, quartermaster setgean*; A. H.
Wiighr, officer o( the day; Luke K. Davis, offi
car of the guard. Delegates to the deptutment
convention—E. P. Halsted. J. M. Lamb, Theron
E. Hall, Albert Wood, S F. B tbbitr, J. Stewart
Brown, A. D. Pratt, J. F. Meach, J. W. Hadley.
The ladies and friends who had in charge the
festival hJd at the Dewey street chape) on the
20rh and 21st thankfully acknowledge the re
ceipt oi liberal gifts from many citizens, and
especially they wsuld acknowledge a gilt from
a lady (t friend and helper o‘ many good
causes,) as a Christmas present to the chapel
fl large and handsome illustrated copy of the
Bibi. 1 The net receipts of the festival wcie
8400.
The preparations for the dedication of the
new high schoolhouse, to-morrow, occupy the
whole attention of the mayor, superintendent
of schools and special committees of the sch< ol
board and city conned appointed for the pur
pose. The ball, with the two ante-rooms, will
accommodate fifteen hundred people, and will
undoubtedly be filled. The bell will ring lustily
to morrow morning to remind the people of the
hour at which they are expected.
Rev. A. McKeown gave one of the best lee.
tures of the Mechanics course, last evening, on
“Oratory and Orators.” The audience was n< t
large, but was very appreciative of the many
admirable points of the lecture. The quality of
true eloquence was described as the noblest ac
complishment in the power of a man or woman
to possess, as combining the highest possible
cultivation of the whole nature, physical,intel
lectual and moral, in illustration, allusion was
made to some of the most distinguished orators
of ancient and modern times, whose appeals
wayed the masses of men with their magic utter
nccs. The capacity for public speaking was,
e said, a gift common to all, although pos
sessed in different degrees by different individu
als, according io their temperament, sensibility,
and general mental and physical characteristics,
but for the attainment of the highest excellence,
as in all other arts, cultivation and practice oi
the most elaborate kind was essential. Great
eloquence is impossible without such culture.
But we cannot attempt a lull report of this lec
ture, which was a vevy successful and satisfac
tory performance.
The following is the programme for the con
cert to be given by the American brass band of
Providence, at the grand ball of the City Guards
to-night, previous to dancing:
I—Overture. In Search of Happ ness Suppe
Ameri an Band.
2—Princess Louise G d -o Tonge
(solo for piccolo an bells, by D. Tonge.)
Oichesita.
3—Concert Solo. 7ih Air Variations De Beriot
ore.es>ral acc >nip.iniincnt.
M. Arbuckle.
4—Grand Selection. u’_frkHne Meyerbeer
Hand
s—Co. cert Duet Cheerful I ness Gmnbcrt
Messrs. Arbuexle an it eves.
6—Overture Morn. Noon, an t Mght ...Suppe
O.c «e tra
"uictSolo. Levi Ohan I’olka Levy
M- Arbuckle.
b—Medley Overture Reeves
.niruducing i opnlar Sungs of the Day.)
nand.
Superior (Civil) Court—Bacon, J.—
Thursday, Dec. 28.—The ease of Henry S. Pike
vs. Patrick Smith, to recover for wood sold and
delivered, in Millbury, was decided by a verdict
for the plaintiff for $64. Woodward for plain
tiff, Hopkins for defendant.
1107, Daniel Merrill vs. Francis T. Hunt, an
action lor damages for slander, verdict for the
plaintiff for SlO6. Deane for plaintiff, Potter for
defendant.
On trial, No. 1180, Herbert E. Sylvester vs,
Peter Reynolds, appellant, a suit to recover for
the use of a mill In Warren. Blackiner for
plaintiff, Gaskill for defendant.
Municipal Court.—ln the court, yesterday,
Patrick Mullens, for keeping a liquor nuisance,
was fined SIOO and costs and sentenced to three
montbs.in the house of correction, appealed;
Joseph Exley, liquor nuisance, was fined SIOO
and costs, appealed; Lawrence O’Flaherty,
liquor nuisance, ordered to pay costs and case
placed on file; JohnQ liney Adams and Bernard
McManus, keeping liquor, each $lO and costs,
paid; Eben S. Homy, single sale, discharged;
John Peters, injuring shade trees, $lO and costs,
paid; Robert Peters, injuring shade trees, $lO
and costs, committed; James Handratty and
Charles McManus, injuring shade trees, both
discharged; Lewis Shaw, assault and battery,
SI,OO, and bon nd to keep peace six months in
SSO, paid; George Dorman, drunk, $3 and er sts,
paid; Thomas Hines, diunk, $8 and costs, com
milted. _
An Official Visit—The entire police force
visited City Marshal Drennan at his residence
on Austin street, last night, agreeably to an in
vitation from him,and passed an hour in happy
social intercourse, and enjoyed a bountiful col
lation provided for them by the marshal and
his estimable lady. As the force were about to
depart to their several posts of duty, the mar
shal took occasion to thank the men for the
kUdncss manifested io him during the seven
ears he has been with them, and particulaily
th: lour and a half years that he has been their
ehi?f. At the conclusion oi Major Drennan's
remarks, Hon. Clark Jillson stepped to the
f out, and in one of his happiest speeches, pre
sented him, in behalf of the police department,
with a valuable gold headed canc, which speech
was feelingly responded to by the recipient.
The cane was from the establishment of Messrs.
BI ike Robinson, and was engraved by Cal
Rice, which is a guarantee that the work was
neatly done.
Installation of Rev. Geo. W. Phillips,
The installation of Rev. Geo. W. Phillips, late
of Colurabus, Ohio, as pastor of the Plymouth
church, took place in Mechanics ball to-day.
The installation services began at two o'clock.
The hall was filled, and the sei vires w ere lis
tened to with the closest attention. The exer
cises consisted of a solo and chorus, "O, Father
Almighty,* by a select choir; reading of the
sciiprurcs and prayer, by Rev. Geo. H. Gould,
1). D, of this city. An original bytnn was then
sung by the congregation.
Jbe installation sermon was then delivered
by Ecv. E. B. Webb, D. D., pastor of the shaw
rant church, Boston, who preached til? first ser
mon before Plymouth church congregation
filter it was constituted as a church. His text
gibraster 1 Hauii ^pn
VOL. 26, NO. 307.
was in Isa. 20th chapter,l7th and 19th wise- in
elusive.
He divided his subject into three heads, to
which he called the attention of his audience:
First, the courage excited by such a beautiful
vision of the coming church; second, how not
to realize this vision, and third, how to
realize it.
In disonsFin* the courage excited bv the prophe
cy of the text, the -peaker gave 11 bri I r-.; <Mt‘;e
past and present aspect of the church, from the
earfv tunes when even its existence hung trem
bling in the balance will) ahi rnaiine periods ol'
hope and despondency in quick succession, and
when it was driven trom the taco of the earth and
compelled to hide in caves and tombs. A he
looked abroad tv-dnv he saw the convent of the
Latin apoitnev seated prosperously within tne walla
of Jerusalem, ou the very Mount Zion where David
dwelt, and the Greek apostacy hold fortified pos
session of the hill which overlooks the city and it
walls. The mo*que of Omar invites the Moslem to
practice bis heathenism on the very site where the
t mplc of Solomon stood. And yet,'said he, i know,
tor the mouth of the Lord has’proc aimed it, “He
shall have dominion from sea to sea and from the
river unto the end* of the earth; yea, ail kings
shall fa 1 down before Him." Error may prosp r
f>r a time, but truth will finally prevail. False
ere *ds an l prophetrmay ans to show great signs
and wonders, but the elect shall not be d< ceivod.
M glity kingdoms and empire- will fall, but the
kingdom of heaven, tne church of Christ, shall
s and and prosper while the sun ami the moon en
dure, and this promise of God gives strength to the
faint and heart to the weary.
Ou the second point, he urged with earnest nes.
that this glorious condition of th. church is not to be
brought about in the way too many persons think,
bv means of greater wealth, more abundant discov
eries, better inventions, a more equal and universal
prosperity, and a higher civilization. H-* reviewed
the rapid accumulation of wealth so frequently wit
nessed at the present time, the giant strides of me
chanical invent ion and scientific attainment, as
marvelous as they are fascinating, coveting the
wnole range of human thought, and contributing
at every point to the increase of numan culture and
comfort, and said, what more do we want? Will
not ignoranc and superstition, and violence, and
wrong, and the irregularities ot society, soon uh*
place to the kingdom of heaven! Is not the prob
lem of human good to be solved by these marvelous
forces, and the sum of human happiness to be
re ’c’>ed along the line of such progress and pros
perity
He would not undervalue all that the-e wonder-,
fal forces may accomplish for the amelioration of
human suffering, or for the refinement and eleva
tion of society, but Christians must not be fascinat
ed nor b.ind 'il by such material splendor, they
must not look upon Ihe«e tilings as th.- fouu
d itions upon winch the temple of God is to rise.
What is it that houses, and g irdens, and servants,
and horses and wines, an I dress and luxury, and
bmks and bonds, and science and literature, and
ma-ie and arl, and play have to do with Unrist and
the spirit of a living church? There may be a,won
derfiu ma'erial pro-p. rity, aud at the same time a
spiritual weakness and palsy.
Curtstians fill into error when they forget that
there is a difference, essential if not antagonistic,
between things spiritual and natural. They may
live in the midst of great wor'dly prosperity, but it
by no means follows that with this, or oh? of this,
will come religious growth und power. They should
call to mind that the church, whica is to b the
kingdom of God on earth, is spiritual m ner origin,
character, laws and forces, and then apply the upos
tle s rule, “he tint soweth to the flesn shall of the
lie di roan corruption, and he that soweth to the
spirit shall of tne spirit reap life everlasting.” In
tiiis material power and progress there is no spirit
ual seed, no auteced nt or spiritual results; a meet
ing house may ne built by the issue of ten per '-ent.
bonds, but a spiritual church is not built upon any
such foun lation; scientific knowledge, engineering
and architecture have their place, but the Nev Jt
rusalem is not to be built after anv pitenud in od 1;
tae immense harve: s of the prairi e feed bod i s
and not souls: the spiritual man, like the Mister,
must have me it to eat that the world snows u it of
As there b in a:l this material progress no par
entage of spiritual offspring, so in it there is no >alt
of preservation, nothing to resist spiritual a ciy.
M itenal pro q writy is consistent with utter moral
corrup ion: iiitf!l«c uai ciitur.i may leave tne heart
fr.-e io rev. 4 in debauchery, ami the brilliant
triumph, of modern science, nke a banner taken in
war may float over purple canopies, beneath winch
Agamemnon and Achilles rill their captives ot
every youthful grace, rebasing them al no com
mand of gods or men, but only that other victims,
fresh r anil fairer, may take their places.
Tor the truth ot all this, ne said, we need not go
to the ancient civilizations nor to foreign cities.
Forget the causes of Spartan deg< neracy; forego
ah mention ot the Tiber aud of the seme; slop on
the bank- of the Hudson, and see how commerce
may destroy character and trade become devilish,
aud sin fester in the Fifth avenue, and stock- be
come corners for winch men gamble, and th pa
pers become venal, and the judges sell judgment,
and justice stands afar off, and truth falls in the
street, and he that (witholds his bands from the
spoil is counted a tool.
Turning to the other side, to seek for the positive
means bv which the church is to be e tab.idled, he
said there could be no question as to the m ■am, for
we know the end. The end is not social, political,
nor scientific, but spiritual; the means used to ob
tain them, therefore, must be spiritual. Devotion
to temporal pursuit does not insure us the gain ol
spiritual ends,—“Whatever a man soweth, that
shall he also reap.” Tie* obstacles to b overcome
are spiritual, and are met by spiritual ag.mci
Christ came to destry the works of the d ?vii, and in
this warfare we ma i u the same weapons that
the Captain of our .Salvation used,-weapons not
carnal, but spiritual.
Look into the actual state of society, whether
nak< dor open, as on heathen ground, or covered
with social proprii til as nearer home, lust, pa
sioti, greed, oppose truth and right, and find a way
to break every statute and escape the jailor; win nc?
come these things? “O it of the heart of men pro
ceed evil thoughts,” and the who.e category of
crime. The heart mud be reached and regenerated.
So also the causes which confront ami n-Lt every
Christian, neglect aud indifference towards the
commands and claims ol Christ, will be found to
originate in the heart. Men are right only when
the heart is right in the sight of Uul. Thus we
recognize the great spiritual power by winch the
conquests of tne church are to be made: the Holy
Ghost, .lave we appreciated the words of Jesus,
“oetter for you,” better for the disciples, better for
the worlds “that Igo and the spirit come!” How
tender.y the church should cherish these promises
and prerogatives of the spirit,
in c.Osiag he urged hi- hearers, especially the
Dew church, to begin its history witii a lull knowl
edge and appreciauon of the power winch it may
have by c.ose adherence to the requirements of
t hnst. The history of nechurcii points to tuecon
ciusion that the Holy Ghost u moving with power
among the churcties, they are lighting and increas
ing tuo weapons of faithand love, and patience,and
wnole consecration, aud, the spirit being with us,
victory is at hand. In this spirit lie trusted this
brancu of the church had been planted, ami he
urged its members to make it the centre from which
an good works should radiate, the home of their
warmest affections and the consummation of their
eurthiy hopes and Joys, iu the full trust that, in so
doing, to tuem the words of the text may be veri
fied.
The sermon was ably delivered and created a
deep impression upon the audience. It was id
lowed by the prayer ol installation, by Rev. E.
Culler, D.D of this city, and the charge to the
pastor, by Rev. B. M. Fullerton, of Palmer. Ihe
choir then sung the Gloria irom Mozart’s 12th
mass, after which the right hand of idlowsbip
was extended to the new pastor, by Rev. U. M.
Lamson, of tne Salem street chu.ch. In per
forming this ceremony Mr. Lamson cordially
welcomed the pastor elect to his new
charge, and after congratulating him
upon his new field ol labor, closed
with these words: “Above all congratulations
aud happy auspices rises this sentiment, ‘ln
Chnst on?/ un d lam happy to be the voice of
these churclK’S formed by that idea, and extend
to you the ‘Right Hand of Fellowship/ And
let this be for a sign, net er to be forgotten, Unit
our churches are one church, members one ol'
another, our work is one, ami we have one
Loid, one faith, one baptism,”
After the singing of another hym, IL v. Prof.
J. H. Seeley, of Amherst, addiessed the people
of the church, feelingly commending- the pastor
to their confidence and support, and asking far
him their prayers and consideration.
The conclud.ng praver was offered by Rev.
C. W, Allen of H mover, an early pastor ot Kev.
Mr. Puillips, and with the singing of the doxol
ogy by the congregation and the bcuedictioii by
the pastor, the exercises were brought to a close.
Last Meeting of the City Council for
1871.—The last meeting of the year always (li
fers from the otheis, inasmuch as all minds are
generally occupied with matteis foreign to ap
propriations and committee reports. List eve
ning was no exception, and nothing of great
importance was actul upon, the time being
chiefly taken up by the joint convention, in
which Mayor Laric delivered his valedictory ad
dress, as follows:
Gentlemen qf the Cify Council
Not quite newn mouths have elapsed since I
came among you as step-iather, and vou perceive
ai once from tuts fact how peculiarly 1 wa- placed,
Tue organization of affairs had been completed and
could uoi well be iutericn d with. If there were to
be any yielding jt mast be on my p ar t otherwise
jarring must arise.
Taking tiiß view of the case, j felt that J ought to
nd mvseli as muc as possible of all selgshness,
earnestly endeavoring to act for the good of tin
who e, and trusting mat all would eventually real
ize that my efforts were honestly to promote the
prosperity, the morality, the comfort ami g, neral
Welfare of the eby, ami that all would ultimately
iullDTground me as the real father. How far I
have beeb tppcessful I cannot judge. I only know
that from many J have received words ol sympathy,
and from oiners cordial endorsement.
The indulgence shown me by the citv council
fins been more than I had any right to exueef. Mien
having burn presided over, as many .us you had,
for several wars, by so accomplish* d an ottcer as
tne one under whom you eulLsted, I cannot fail to
acknowledge the kindness with which you have
borne with my unparliamentary m iijuer Grateful
for your forVeuranc will now briefly review some
of the more important resuits of our combined
efforts.
It ii cause for cungratulaikn? to nil good citizens
that the prosperity of the city has Wu marked by
gO abatement when compared with that of the pit's
Deutqg liyti years. Public improvement has kept
pace with the remarL^ble growth of the city; good
prder has prevailed to an a.mujt unprecedented de
few,-r tires have never' occurred the sQinq
me and ratio-39 alarms of lire have occurred-it
is said the whole loss will not exceed 814,u00. No
very serious cws of robbery, burglary or arson
Jure been recorded amon^ our adult citizens.- It
would be ploa«ant to aay that nil nur children wore i
growing up in rectitude: acquiring habilH of in
dustry and uspfulknowledge. This, I tru-t, i- trueof
a larger portion us lh«-iit,but the complaint" l brought
hi fore our probate iu 11 prove that for too many
are pursuing the paths ofimniorality amt vice. Tim
efforts of all good citizens should Ik* put fort): to
rescue these juvenile delinquents from their lives
of idleness aud wickediiphs.
hi the early pari of the year the cattle disease pre
vailed to a considerable extent, but und< r judicious
care soon abated. Small pox then threatened and
prevailed ton limited degn*e, but witn preeauliou
my meiHurcs and (1m faithful efforts ot our city phy
sician, Dr. Wood, utter a few months yielded mid
disappeared.
Tne tin* alarm telegraph was introduced at an ex
pense of about i46,o.'iU, mid although we cannot ex
actly know its ti eful results, yet none will condemn
the investment.
The union depot question, which has for years
been one of great interest to the city, has been faitn
fully adlmred to by the whole government, end is
now located substantially as contemplated, for
which much credit is due to our faithful city solic
itor.
The betterment law has been tairly initiated, and
will be conceded to bo one of great practical utility
ir. carrving out such public improvements as seem
to bi* imperatively called for.
New and improved highways and streets have
Claimed and received much attention this year.
The Jamesville road has been built; Salisbury,
Mechanic. Prescott, Wilmot, Laiayette, Washing
ton mid Hanover streets have been improved at
heavy expense, and are now thorough fares that do
cr dil to their several localities. Nearly all the
buildings on Front treet have been moved back to
tin* le w lino,and if n inter had not dos.-d in v ith such
rigor nil would have been completed mid the street
worked. Tiiis has required much persi-vorence, as
all the übuttors reluctantly co-operated in its com
pletion. In spring time, when f: ii all completed, I
think it will be one of the most satisfactory im
provements that has b<*en undertaken.
rhe city hospital has been organized mid estab
lished. The committee worked earnestly to bring
about this result; and I believe many of the sons
and daughters of the city may yet rise up to call
them blessed.
The work us raising mid completing the Lynde
brook reservoir to its present state is one that com
in.mds itself to tile gratitude of every citizen. It
has been so well engineen a that it stops nearly
every drop of water, and as you look at it. you feel
that it may last tor ages, if properly cared tor.
Hofior to Engineer Ball. Tin* work of grubbing
the margin of tne pond has been carried to a con
siilerabk* extent, and is still being pursued. Efforts
have been made by the water committee to secure
titles to the lauds'around the reservoir, and they
have been successful m obtaining live different par
c .’ls, cont iniug about 121 acres, at favorable prices,
aud only a lew claims of this kind now remain un
settled.
The interests of education have be°n attended to
aud our schools conducted successfully under the
vigilant care of our superintendent und school
board. Belmont school house has been tin
idied. aud is one of the best in the ci:y. The new
high school building has been so tar completed as
to warraut its being dedicited tne 30th inst. The
whole cost up to 1). c. mber 1-t is about 8151,0C0,
and contracts now ponding will call for 820,003. It
i- pleasant to remember that the establishment of
the normal school, which is to be built the coming
year, took place during our administration. Much
credit for this u piobablydue to our members of
theiaA legislature, also to Kon.E. B. Stoddard.
A soldiery monument, which lias been a subject
of agitation for the last five y-ars, is now contracted
for after a design by Randolph Rogers.
1 regret that the sewetige assessment has not
be-u lul l during this administration; it was a thing
which I much desired to see accomplished, and
gave io it much thought. The assessors had done
un Important work.
11 s-ems to your chairman that the various com
millers navr’succeedcd in obtaining contracts gen
erally favorable to the interests ot the city; those
for sewers are at a large reduction from former
prices. The estimates, ba-oil on ohl prices, were, for
Mill Brook to Cambridge street, 875,000, winch
which was contracted for 865,000; for the*
brook above Lincoln square, estimate 835,000,
contracted tor SIB,OOO. Of the street sewers 36,2’X)
feet at the old eslim des, or as Hie report of the en
gine r says, “at the cost based upon the prices paid
for those already built,” is SI7O,CU). These were
contracted to a new firm, Leach Jt Co., of Philadel
phia, for the sum of SBO,OOO, and afterward a small
er contract was made with H. B. Leach Son, on
nearly the same t-rms. contracts for lamp posts,
lanterns, man-holes, water service pipes, and water
skeleton pipes were all placed at reduced rates.
Oar worthy treasurer’s brief report, which fol
lows, shows very m arly our financr.il condition up
to D e. I t. There are of course some arrearages
which do not appear, especially on sewer contracts,
as ten per c- nt on all such not completed is retain
ed. Ii has been paid during this year to the amount
of 8 ,on the contracts of last year. So also
there are cases of claims to be settled;' they have in
various torins amounted to large sums. Sewer
damages along Mill brook have from tuu to tune
be-n .-ettied, ana there ar? some that the incoming
government will be called to adjust—damages grow
ing out of the pumping of water last year were of
considerable amount.
I'iie interesting and valuable report of Engineer
Ball covers many points winch J Lave not alluded
to, but append the report.
1 call your etteniTon to a concise statement of the
work of'lhe street commi-sioner, wnich I also ap
pend. His duties have been arduous, ami few men
coula endure the work performed bv him. Uis
hours of labor many days cannot have been less
than sixteen.
We have the best of cvidenc* that our taxes have
b<M*n assessed with much judgment, as out of the
$387,000 asses-ed, less than two thousand have been
abated. This shows that experience is of vital im
poitance iu this department. $33,141,250 was the
wnole valuation.
i'he police department is worthy of especial re
mark for the uniformity with which it has been
conducted. There is no government better than
that which controls the people without their knowl
edge.
And now, gentlomeu, 1 hope 1 shall not weary
you: but 1 de>ire to say that in my constant associ
ation with the various' departments of the govern
in -nt, I Lad no cause for the whoh*sale imputations
which have been ea< upon the integrity and taith
fiilness of some of the city oliicials, and’ 1 can but
feel tiiat more guarded language would bespeak bel
ter motives.
in a work like ours, where so many are concerned,
uo one should take credit to himself. Human na
ture alone can do but little. When we are willing
to throw ourselves on the mercy of God and ask
his aid, he will bless our efforts as 1 believe lie has
during the past year.
The address closed with statistics from vari
ous departments, to which allusion is made
above. The most important facts are shown by
the following figures:
The u bts of tin* city, all kinds, January.
1872, are:
Funded sewer $499,400 00
water 791,500 00
city 601,000 00
Lemporury, about 560,000 00
Total $2,454,900 00
Debt January, 1871 1,899,808 (4
$555,091 96
Causes of increase:
Water SIOO,OOO 00
•Sewers 2-15,000 GO
B. B. G. R. R 157,020 00
Soldiers’ monument 05,000 00
Hont, Layfayotte and Hanover streets... 27,500 00
$564,820 00
Belmont street school house 7,866 92
Received for waterworks .$45,000 u 0
for hydrants and city purposes.. 8,818 00
$53,818 00
Total expenditures in highway department:
Sidewalks, city expense $43,795 00
Sidewalks, private expense 31,854 76
B ock paving 20,190 76
Ordinary highways 21,910 06
$120,750 59
New streets 19,946 98
Total $140,097 57
Balance unexpended 28,941 36
$169,153 93
Excess of stock on hand $3,486 21
Balance unexpended 28,491 36
Total balance to credit of department... $31,977 57
The appropriations for highways were 835,003, for
Bidewa>k» $.<0,000, and lor block paving $20,000;
total, $105,000.
Amount of not earnings of the department, to
gether with appropriations. $169,188.99.
The amount paid out for water during the
year, as shown in the city engineer's books, up
to December 1, is:
For reservoir $41,388 74
For real estate 4,682 co
For construction 66,333 95
Amount $112,350 34
Mayor Earle also thanked the council lor their
hearty co-operation with him during the year,and
badc farewell to the members as such, express
ing the hope that their cordial personal friend
ship might long continue,
The ordinary business which came before the
council was limit’d in amount, and was mostly
referred to the next city council. The papers
go inferred w^re: Order establishing the grade
of Highland stiect, between Boynton ami Har
vard; petition of Joseph F. Loring for damages
to bis estate, 116 Lincoln street, by changing
grade of sidewalk; the matter of high service
water mains; all petitions relating to sidewalks
and crosswalks.
In addition to the reference of the above-men
tioned, an order was adopted rciciring to the
n xt city council all unfinished business and all
papers in the hands of the various committees,
An order passed allowing $209 damages to
Thomas McKeon for loss by moving his house
on Union street, in building the Mill Brook
sewer.
A report from the Blake monuincut commit
tee was accepted. It simply gave the older au
thorizing the appropriation for and erection of
the monument, and described the same, which
the cod)nnner I, ad erected, in performing the
duty assigned it. Ihe mouumvut has been pre
viously described.
An order was adopted for the payment of the
following sums to parties whose land was taken
in the widening of Front street.
frico pr sqr ft. Amount.
HSPronn^... $1.356 25
D Brayton 2 25 1,894 50
Hiram Fobes.... 3 00 2,460 00
J McCann 2 50 1,565 0Q
MM?? 2 59 W 00
John S Clark. 276 2,2 25
Taylor, Chapin
P»dmun 2 ft 8.570 ft
WORCESTER: FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 29, 1871.
Daniel Clancy... 3 03 195 60
John Marra.’.... 3 03 1,326 00
Ja.*> P Sulllvau... 8 00 1,225 33
The committee on education, to whom was re
ferred the communications of Mayor Earle and
?lon. Stephen Salisbury, presenting the clock
and piano, respectively, viz: those of the high
school building, reported resolutions of thanks
for tl e same, and also tor the bell, presented by
Mr. Win. Dickinson; ihe resolutions were unan
imously adopted.
In the common co neil an order was passed
adding coiincilmen Pratt, Allen and Brown to
t lie joint special committee on dedication of the
new high school house.
An order complimentary to C. G. Reed, presi
dent of the council, was passed, and the cus
toman’ time was spent in farewell speeches by
councilmen, made in committee of the whole.
In the board of aldermen, the sewer assess
ment matter was taken trom the table and re
ferred to the next city council, with ail the pa
pers relating thereto.
S. W. Field was licensed to keep an intelli
gence office, K. H. Whitney to drive a hack, and
Robert Sloan as a junk dealer.
The city clcik was authorized to have printed
the ordinances relating to the city hospital and
finance.
Votes of thanks were passed to the imii-T,
the city clerk and the city messenger, ami sever
al parting speeches were made. Judge Chapin
was present, and said a tew words in regard to
his connection with the city government early
in the .rear; and City Marsha! Drennan made a
short speech.
The perquisites of the aldermen for the year,
amounting in all to sls, were, on motion of Al
dernnui Barton, given to the Orphan."-’ home.
COUNTY NEWS.
In the first district court, yesterday, Cyrus E.
Moore and Peter Bosscy, both of Oxford, paid
fines ot $8 and costs tor drunkenness.
Christmas ix South Sutton.—An old
subscriber scuds us the following letter:
South Suttox, Dec. 26,1871.
Mr. Kditor: It becomes my duty, as well as
my privilege, to publicly acknowledge a Christ
mas present, it being a splendid painting of the
old homestead, residence and birth place of
John G. Whittier, the great poet, presented to
me b.v A. F. Brown, Esq., in behalf of many of
my acquaintances, and infthe presence of more
than two hundred people, as a proof oi' their con
tinued love and friendship for mv great good.
The above was made the closing exercise oi
the Christmas tree festivities in South Sutton.
The tree, though just set out, bore more than
S2OO worth splendid fancy and useful arti
cles, beside several bushels of windfalls that
found no room to stay upon the tree. It was a
splendid evening and a pleasant time, yes, a
time that will long be remembered by all of
those present. Much credit was due the commit
tee for the excellent manner and taste in which all
the affairs were arranged,and the chairman, Mr.
Mason W. Morse, presided with great credit.
These festivities are becoming more common,
and we believe very useful. Old acquaintances
are renewed and new ones formed, besides the
hearts of so many little and poor ones made,
glad. I acknowledge again and say that the
gift of the above picture lo me on this occasion
was like the blow that the good old Samaritan
gave when he struck the man on the shoulder
and said: “Come, sir, let me help you up out of
this ditch and set you on my beast, and ride to
the inn, where provision shall be made for your
good and swift recovery.” May the means be
blest and may Ibe healed! Russell Titus.
Sabhath School Convention in Mill
bury.—The fourth session of the Evangelical
Sabbath school union, of churches in Gratton,
Millbury, Northbridge, Sutton, Uxuridge and
D-.iiglas, was held at the First Congrcg.ational
church in Millbury (Bramauville),yesierdav. It
was organized by the choice of Edward S. Hume
of Millbury as president, and Hon. W. R. Hill
of Wilkinsonville secretary. An able address
was delivered by Rev. Henry Clay Trumbull, of
the American Sunday school union. His sub
ject was, “The Sunday school, and what wc
have to do with it.” He spoke of the impor
tance of the enterprize, its motives and objects,
and how it is 10 be advanced. An interesting
discussion followed, the speakers being Kev.
Stacey Fowler and Mr. Osgood Waters of Mill
bury, Rev. Mr. Tracy of Sutton, ami Rev. M.'.
Smith of Wilkinsonville.
The afternoon session was opened with devo
tional exercises conducted by Re'. Mr. Tilton of
North Cxbridge, after which an eloquent ami
practical address was delivered by Kw. W. I\
Mallalieu of Worcester, on “The. necessity of
gathering the adult membeis of the chinch and
congregation into the Bible school.” lie referred
to the origin ol the Sabbath school, in 1781, in
Bristol, England, saying tl.at for tne first fifty
years its objects and benefits were confined
mainly to children, and the poor and destitute,
while for the last forty years all ages and condi
tions in life had been coming more and more
within the scope of its opera lions and spiritua*
influences. He spoke ol the duties of teachers
and scholars, and delivered an cffeciive address.
A discussion followed in general commenda
tion of Mr. Mallalieu’s suggestions, the speak
ers being Rev. S. S. Norton of Northbridge,
Kev. Stacey Fowler of Millbury, Rev. Mr. Tilton
of North I’xbridge, Rev. Mr. Howard of Whit
insville, Hou.,W. R. Hill, and Dr. S.W. Cookeof
Worcester.
A discussion on the subject of “Personal
preparation and weekday work of the teacher,”
was opened by Rev. S. J. Bronson of Millbury,
and followed by Rev. Messrs. Tilton, Tracy and
Fowler. On motion of the latter, there was a
vote of thanks to the church in Bramauville
lor their hospitality, and after prayer by Rev.
Mr. Putnam, pastor of the chinch, the conven
tion adjourned, to meet again at the call of ihe
committee ol arrangements.
Abbreviated DiNpatchr*.
Seventy-two cases of small pox have been re
ported in Brooklyn during the week.
There is a report that a French squadron will
proceed immediately to Greece, to support the
claims of French citizens to the silver mines.
Advices from Columcze reservation represent
depredations by Indians direct Hora the reserva
tion as frequent.
A Japanese mission of five dignitaries will
leave for the United States the 221 of D. rcniber
to consult our government relative to the revis
ion oj the treaty. Minister DJongjleaves at the
same time on the same mission.
A Jeddo, Japan, letter gives an account of the
audience of Admiral Rogers and other nival
offleers, in company with Gen. apron and Min
ister DeLong, with the mikado. They were
finely entertained.
A Washington dispatch states that news from
Mexico announces the virtual suppression of ii,e
revolution there, Diaz being driven before a
large government force, and it is expected that
lie will soon be a prisoner, or take refuge in Cu
ba or the United States.
Charles R. Burroughs was found on Wcdnes
<l iy dead, by a sheriff who went to eve an at
tachment on hi.n, silting in two chairs in his
house in Patterson, N.J. IL 1 committed suicide
by poison on tiie 10th of December, the body
remaining frozen stiff till found m ins room
Wednesday.
A dispatch from Scranton savs the low price
of coal and the stagnant condition in the
market, as announced in the New York qnukci,
though a source of great surprise tq th? dealers
there, will not occasion any suspension of work
at the present rate.
An Havana letter says the civil portion of Jthg
Cuban republic figs been abolished, and the
whole power h now vested in the military. A
cargo of a thousand rifles and ammunition was
recently landed from the American steamer
Webster, near Velrientcs, and safely reached the
Cuban uin,k
A Cairo, Egypt, letter of December Ist, men
tions a report current tbete that Sir Samuel
Baker mid seven hundred of his men, who were
exploring Central Africa and the headwatms of
the Nile, have died of starvation. Dne report
says the men mutinied and shot Baker. Anoth
er report says only Baker and bis wife are left
Ox th? ^oeditiou.
Advices from Geneva, Switzerland, state that
rhe police there reeeqpy cautufcd |hp (pi M oi
Berihoy Go., which was running a so-called
naiigngl bank, bpt really was a counterfeiting
concern on a large state. An)ong kbepiupcrtv
seized were two hundred well executed cer
tificates of Erie railway shares, a thousand
shares of the city of Lyons, together with a
large nymber of lithographic plates,
LATEST NEWS.
KT TELEGRAPH
TO TH F WOHOF.OTER DAILY «PY
From Washington.
FROM OUR SPECIAL COKL' SPONBENT.I
Washington, D. C., Dee. 28.
WHAT WILL BOSTON DO WITHOUT IT?
h is announced that the national republican
executive committee have agreed upon Phila
delphia as the place to hold the next republican
convention.
mr. harlan’s prospects.
Senator Harlan, who is now busy in lowa
looking alter his re-election, sent on a list of
eighty-five members of the legislature to-day
who have pledged themselves to vote for him.
Only sixty-one are necessary to a choice.
WHAT SOUTH CAROLINA BOWEN SAYS.
Bigamist Bjwen, of South Carolina, who is
now here, has been interviewed both with re
gard to himself and the condition of politics in
South Carolina. He claims not to have any
particular interest in his contest with Delarge
for the seat in congress, but intimates that his
principal duties now are confined to his state,
where he proposes to continue the war against
Gov. Scott and other state officials.
He says he will again prefer articles of ini
peachment January sth, and that it will cost
Scott, Parker Co. SIOO,OOO to buy themselves
off a second time. Even though they again suc
ceed, be says he will keep the thing up until
their money and patience are exhausted.
He says that he has facts in his possession
going to substantiate the grossest corruption,
and that the greatest republican victory ever
won in South arohna depends upon the success
of his efforts. Hi> explanation as to why his
scheme for impeachment did not succeed in the
first instance, is that Scott caused stories to be
circulated among the colored members of the
legislature, that those who voted therefor should
not be paid their salaries, and that the speaker
ruled in defiance to law and entirely in the inter
est of the *{ovcmor. Kelon.
(To the A»soclatvd
THE CENSUS REPORT.
U ashingtox, Dec. 28.—Copies of General
Walker’s repoit on the ninth census, intended
to preface the first or population volume of Sta
tistics, have been mailed to many of the promi
nent newspapers of the country.
As the resuits of the census will, under au-
Umrny of eongnss. be published iu three larae
octavo volumes, (he superintendent recommends
that a compendium of the census, in octavo
form, be authorized lor popular distiibution.
MINOR MATTERS.
The committee of investigation reports every
thing correct in the printing bureau.
There are leasonsfor belkving that the people
ol Massachusetts are being swindled bv a man
who is collecting funds there under the pretense
<>f establishing coloied schools in Richmond,
Va. The signature of Charles Sumner on his
list, with a subscription of S2O, is a forgery.
I he senate committee oi investigation and te
trenchment has appointed Robert B Lines asils
clerk, and will commence its duties next week
by investigating the general order business of
the New Yoik custom house. It will then be
seen whether there is any foundation in truth
lor the statements so posively made by disaf
fected republicans, that Gen. Grant and his pri
vate seen tar.v, Gen. Porter, are directly inter
est* d in rhe profits of this branch ot the revenue
service.
TROM EUROPE.
Great Britain.
the’condhion of the prince.
London, Dec. 28—A noon bulletin from
Sandringham savs the prince of Wales had a
good night, and !ii< strength is slowly return
ing. Archbishop of Canteibury has ordered
that rhe special pra.yers in the churches for the
recovery of the prince be discontinued, as he is
out of danger.
ANOTHEK HOLIDAY.
Business will be partially suspended on Sat
urday. The cotton market will be closedat Liv
erpool, and there will be little business in Lon
don. New Year’s day will De obscived as a
close holiday. Business will be wholly sus
pended.
France.
BANK OF FRANC E.
Paris. Dec. 28.—1 n the assembly, today,
President hiers insisted ih it the committee who
have under consideration the proposed act al
low ing an inen ase in theeheulation ol the Bank
of France submit their decision to ihe assembly
immediately lor action, lie said the present
circulation of the bann was only thirty-two mil
lions of francs below the maximum amount now
allowed by law, ami threatened that the com
mittee should bear the responsibility of delay in
affording relief to French people from a scarcity
of the circulating medium.
Npain.
POLITICAL RUMORS.
Madrid, Dec. 28. —The aonointment of (Jon
eha as captain general of Cuba is reported to
have been determined on by the Spanish gov
ernment. There is a rumor that Sem*r Roberts
will he replaced at Washington by Admiral
Polo de Barnabe, who was recently in command
of the Mediterranean fleet.
Italy.
RELATIONS WITH THE UNITED STATES.
Rome, Dec. 28 —A royal decree has been is
sued, carrying into effect the commercial treaty
rcecnily concluded between Italy and thernite'd
States.
Austria.
SPEECH OF THE EMPEROR.
Vienna, Dec 28.—1 n the rcichsrath, to-day,
Emperor Francis Joseph delivered his speech
from the throne. After the customary congrat
ulations, he proceeded with home questions. His
readiness to grant extreme concessions, he is
sorry to say, has not brought internal harmony
to the state, as desired.
Great stress is laid on the enforcement of, and
obedience to, the laws.
Criminal Record.
RASCAL SENTENCED.
New York, Dee. 28.—Edwards, the bank
burglar, whom eight desperadoes endeavored to
release from jail bv attacking the jailor at Pat
erson, N. J., a week aa». yesterdav retracted
the plea of not guilty and plead guilty. Judge
Scudder then sentenced him to ten years in the
state prison.
BLOODY AFFAIR.
St. Loris, Dec. 28.—Further advices from
Sedalia county confirm previous accounts of the
killing of negroes in Salina county. It is said
that great excitement exists there. The negroes
are panic stricken, and efforts are being made
to suppress the facts in the case.
A SENSATION EXPDODEp,
Quebec, Dee. 2*.—Tue body found in the
railway shed proves to be a subject belonging to
a medical man.
ARREST AND CONFESSION.
Sax Fran< isco, Dec. 28. —Charles Brower,
alias Peterson, accused of the murder of two
Chinamen, on the shore of Paget Sound, has
been arrested ami confesse 1 the murder
acquittal expected.
San Francisco, Dec. 28—ihe trial of 107
citizens and Indians at Tuscon, Arizona, for the
killing of Apache Indians on the Camp (riant
reservation, developed the fact that the Indians
were not on the reservation, and though fi d by
the government they were engaged in direct and
continued deprcd itiqns against rhe whites. A
verdie; us acquittal is fully anticipated. Por
traits of the accused Indians and whiteshave
la cd taken for publication, and the testimony
will be sent to San Francisco.
SEVENTEENTH DAY OF Tin WHARTON TRIAL.
Annapolis, Dec. 28.—Miss Nellie Wharton,
daughter of the prisoner, test tied to taking from
home, the Thursday evening pieuous »o Gun.
Ketchum’s illness, a phial oi p-regoric, which
she left at n house where she visited; that all
medicinis in her ujnthei’s house were kept in a
washstand In her mother's room; that she wom
to it constantly; the phial fonqij u ^oneral
Ketchum's bed was sqcwp tue witness, who said
she bad uwer seen it before the day General
Kelchum died, when she returned home; was
posit ive she had never seen any Mich phjal in tha
house; she was absent fipqi bcuie fpr
the purpose of inaking lawweß visits,
previous to her departure fur Europe, which
had been determined upon about a year previ
ouslv; she had at that tunc fifteen thousand dol
lars in governments of her own. and under her
own control; in the afternoon «f Qcn QciJiuia's
death, Mrs Ihittcr. gave hur (ps pookotbook,
nuluii, Keys, Ac wli>ch she locked up; kepi
them until Chalies Ketchum came over, on the
4th of July; then gave them to her mother, who
gave them to Charles Ketelimn
^ellje TbayrG pf Baltimore, testified tQ
an intimate acquaintance with the Wharton
familv; saw Gen. Ketcbuuj ibere frequently; in
conversation, lasi winter, he told the witness
he was in the habit of taking medicine num
a ixittle without
THE vrliCA'*'! iioKRAR.
Chicago, Dee. 28.—The coroner^ jarv have
been nil day iqvflsiigdiing the McCoy abortion
case, ibe evidence proves pretty conclusively
that abortion was practiced upon tbo Jadv, hut
it is also shown that it hud lieen done before
she reached this city. William Shorn, baggage
master, and JWbnwh| female physlcU®
at whose house Mrs. McCoy died, were dis
charged, as the evidence failed to criminate
them w ith the case.
KUKLUX SENTENCED.
Columbia, s u 1).e,28.—1n the I nited
States court, rids morning, JohnS Milin was
found guilty of kukluxism. Judge Bond nn
notim ed the decision of the court, overruling
Mr. Stanbery’s motions tor a new trial ami ar
rest of judgment All the defendants so far
have lieen convicted, ami those who pleaded
guilty have been sentenced. Ihe following are
the sentences: John W. Mitchell, live years’
impi honment ami a fine of $1000; Sheenird,
Childcis, Wm. Montgomery, Evans, Murphy,
Hezekiah Porter, R. H Mitchell, Sylvanus Shea
rer, Hugh Shearer. Wm. shearer, and .Limes B.
Shearer, each eighteen months’ Imprhoumcnt
and a fine f S 100; Dr. Thomas B. White ides,
one year’s imprisonment nnd a tine of $100;
John S. Mills, three months’ imprisonment and
a fine of S2O
Our New York Disoatches.
New York, Dec. 28. —All rumors to the
disappearance of Tweed were set at rc.d at tw o
o’clock this morning, when he appeared at the
Norton bull at Apollo hall. He was escorted
into the ball room by a committee of ex-poli
ticians and sinecurists, ami on entering was
greeted with cheers. It appears that the law
does not exempt Tweed from arrest on account
of being state senator, his case not coming un
der the provisions of that statute. Steps have
been taken to rearrest him on a graver charge
than heretofore issued.
Chas. O'Conor is ouposing the framing of an
indictment against Mayor Hall by the grand
jury. Mayor Hal! is said to have'resigned his
membership in the union club toescape the ac
tion ot the meeting which was to have been held
to consider the question of h s expulsion.
It is saitl that Tweed’s resignation as Tam
meny grand sachem is already in the hands of
the proper officer of the institution. Isaac Bell,
a prominent sachem, says he sees no necessity
of deposing Tweed, as Tammany is no longer
w hat it was, and his resignation will do as lit
tle good as his retention will harm. The order
denying a reduction of bail in the civil suit
against Tweed has been appealed from, and
will lie heard in Albany Tuesdav mxr.
Neither Cornelius Corson n< r Charles E. Wil
bour, of the New York printing company, are
to be found in the city. Abundant evidence
of fraud in their accounts with the city, the
Times says, has been found.
An engine and tender on the Morris and Essex
railioad wcie destioyed by a collision in the
Bergen tunnel, this morning, with a Lackawan
na train. No passengers on either train were
injured.
The grand jury, to-day, asked a further ex
tension of time to examine the ring frauds, and
Judge Bedford granted it io the 27th of January.
I’hc grand jury also passed an order that they
would not pa<s upon any indictments for mu
nicipal frauds during the sitting of the grand
jury in the over and terminer couit.
Later.— I’he whereabouts of Tweed are said to
bo constantly known to the sherilf. He has
never lett the city, and has no such intention.
He is said to have been at the office of public
works this morning, where he had an inter
view with several friends. Justice Seott savs
he saw him this morning in a comlorraiile
place in the city. The justification of his bonds
men was contemned to-dav. Messrs. B. P.
Fairchild and C. G. Come.l were acect ted. The
sheriff s attaches express the belief that the sure
ties will he entirely settled to-morrow. It is
stated that each signer of the bail bond is re
sponsible tor the whole amount, a fact which
doubtless caused the withdrawal of Terence
Farley and others.
The result of the Miner counterfeiting trial is
a surprise to all. It is reported this morning
that m. I*. Wood is to be arrested for subor
nation, and that two of his witnesses will have
to stand a trial for pcijury. Of the ten wit
Besses snbpemud in Boston by Wood, five were
detectives employed bv Col. Wbitelvv. Ihe
two men who signed the card referred to i.i a
previous dispatch are detectives, and hired them
selves to U ood in order to bring him lo ju>tiue.
Col. hifeley is engaged in preparing evidence
against ihe perjurers. Their arrest will speedily
follow.
The examination into the affairs of the sus
pended Danks shows shocking mismanagement.
The books were not written ’up for two yeais,
accounts have been overdrawn, officials with
small salaries building costly houses, aud politi
cians receiving all sorts of benefits.
Ihe Central savings bank, Sixth avenue and
rorty-second street, has suspended; its officers
say it is for a few days only. The bank has
been organized only four months, and has
$12,000 deposited.
1 Pc Ocean bank has been unable to honor all
checks. The aggregate deposits are* not large,
tiiough the depositors arc numerous. The offi
saoasay the bank will pay all obligations, and
trouble will probably cease alter the fust of
January.
Michael J. Alurphy, post office clerk, was to
day held in S3OOO bail, charged with embezzling
two letters.
Ihe New York fire and life insurance compa
nies presented to-daj’ a testimonial to the su
perintendent of insurance, George W. Miller,
signed bv 171 us the leading fin* and life insur
ance (jflkers. The tesiimoni 11 endorsed Mr.
Miller fully as to his abilitv, the value of his
public services, and his uprightness and integ
rity as an officer and a man.
The tweutv-fifth annual convention of the
Delta Psi began to-day.
Judge Barnard has issued a peremptory or
der lor (lie discharge of Howlett, one of the
Ludlow street jail prisoners, but granted a stay
ol ten days to permit the sheriff to bring a ques
tion ol jurisdiction before the general term.
Ihe decision of this case will be a test as to the
others.
Aj resolution granting (permission to place
tubes under the streets for carrying persons and
mor handise was offered in the board of assist
ant aldermen to-day, and referred to the 'aw de
partment.
Gen. John C ichrane took oath before Jud"-e
Cordozo as member of the newly chosen board
ol aidermen to-day.
The Jersey city authorities are placed in an
uncomfortable position by the unexpected ac
tion ol the managers of the First national bank,
who claim that the city owned them $125,000.
rhey paid themselves by transferring to their
own account $.382,000 deposited to the account
ol the city. I lie action was nil the moiedis
agieeablc trom the fact that warrants to the
amount of SIOO,OOO were dishonored. The of
ficers of the bank sav they are compelled to act
thus by the city authorities, uaviqg the claims
ot the Hudson county bank to the exclusion of
those ol the First national bank.
New England Dispatches,
B. F. Butler, of Cowell, ICimn io Explain
to ihe IBardy FiMherincn us Proviure>
town—<'ouuiterfcit<*i* C onvicted,
MASSACHUSETTS.
Provincetown, Dee. 28—Gen, Butler ad
dnssed some twelve hundred people tonight,
in the Century church, on the fishing inter
ests as afheted by the treaty of Washington.
In commencing, the speaker said he had no in.
tention of making au oration, but was there
10 confer with his fellow citizens, as une man
may with another upon matteis of public iuien
est, an I as a well wisher of that country to
whose welfare many ol his hearers had offered
up the lives of rfieir sons,
He spoke of the nursery of naval superiority
belonging to the hardy training of Ameijcau
fishermen, and detailed the history of the fish-,
eriis from 18U4 to the present time, alleging
that, during the whole peGed, England RaR
protected and aided hi r colonies, to the detri
ment of American interests Ihe rights to
these fisheries, he said, are ours by no grace of
kings, by no favor of nobles, by no treaty, bv
none of the acts ol diplomacy but thej
because our fathers, with their gop mms, took
them from the enemy for country.
Ihe ticaty wh’c!; ivffowed the war of 1812
said nothing about the great n»altei of sailors'
rjuiiu, about which we went to war; we fought
the war, qnd lorgot in the negotiations what wp
had fought about, ihe vounger Ad:”ip had
the conduct of those negotiation;, ami the iu
stiuctions the old man. !;G rather, geut to Madi
son arc very siggdiuaul; lie writes him in Hhsu
wmds
^Sir: I would coßtinue the war indefinitely
ra»ber than give up one lorn of our rights to the
fisheries
But all our titles were subsequently yielded,
1 have al way thought that toy many dinners
bail something to do vyiJb our yielding of our
rights to the tislierios, as 1 think they have been
the b .i’c of every treaty wc have ever had. Tbe
gUßeraf proceeded to criticize sharply the com
duct of England dining the lam war. UerJ
ludedrothe surrender ot Mason and Slidell at
her dictation, anti ai uughcti Ror conduct guner
ulh ui vjUiat Qt tlie Canadian authorities, as
inimical to the United States. He referred to
the Uvary of Washing run and contiaur I
“Now then tnis treaty was madr, but v t%u say
to me: ‘Why, Gen. Buller, t^esu \»\re good and
patriotic men that bud to Ro with that treaty,
les,. I Hunk so Qae of them had the gout.
1 bey were good men. Well then, you say:
•How do you explain it?' I have but one v*
planation io make, and that is, th r. ^med to
be au evei weening fear of with England.
Everybody was (tautened io dcu(U about a war
with LugUud.
U ell, now. war with England is impOfiMlhle,
W Uiv »r.; ixment Well, what this fear
h by, everybody held a buge quantity of bonds
in tiie United States, and, in the case ot war,
would godown; and there is nothing so
cowardly as a half a million of capital, except
a million,”
After i idi ‘uliug the idea of war with En
glund, Gen. Butler said the Washington treaty,
with the sense of wrong and injury it would
bring upon the people, was more lively pro
dace war within ten yeaix ihau auv vtuer ques
tion. “Nobody kuuws?’ continued the geuc.al,
"what this treaty is. It hasn't been published
anywh«« Mt I know pt, except that Hie news'
PRIC E I CENTS.
paper correspondents stole a portion of it and
published it to the world, and thev fell to dis
cussing, with a great deal more of eagerness,
the question of whether the correspondents had
a right to steal L, than the question of what its
provisions were.” The peofiledon’t know about
it. The democratic party press either did not get
hold of it or thev wcie too busv trying
to cover up the kuklux down south than they
were in finding out whether their interests were
sacrificed at home. The republican press
thought they musn't say anything about it be
cause they thought il was an administrative
measure, and “glory hallelujah” must be said
to it; and nobody but a poor unfortunate repre
sentative in congress, who did not like to see
bis constituents go under without saying some
thing in their behalf, is left to biing the matter
to^the attention of Ins countrymen.
RHODE ISLAND.
Providence, Dee. 28 —ln the United States
district court, to day, James P. Stevenson was
convicted of passing counterfeit money. The
witnesses in the case were the detectives who
testified in the Miner case in New York.
Accidents.
FIRE.
Chicago, Dec. 28.—A horrible calamity oc
curred at Floris, Davis county, lowa, a few
nights ago. A man, wife and four children
were burned lo death in their shanty. The
neighbors were not aroused, nor the fire discov
ered until the mxt morning, when the charred
remains were found.
Fire Record.
AT PETERBOROUGH, N. H. —LOSS SSOOO.
Nashua, Dec. 28.—At six o’clock this morn
ing ihe depot on the Monad nock railroad at
Peterborough, in this state, was consumed by
tire. It is thought to have been Ihe work of an
incendiary. A portion of the freight was saved.
The loss is esiiinaicd at $5000; amount of insur
ance not mimed.
A I QUEBEC—LOSS $50,000.
Qi i bec, Dec 28.—A large fire to-day origin
ati d in.Guay Co’s dry goods store, John street,
and spread to the Russell house and the grocery
of George Hall. Total loss $50,000. Guay
Co. are insured for $15,000.
The Weather,
Washington, Dee. 28.—Increasing cloud
iness, with falling barometer, is now’ very’ gen
erally reported. Northwesterly winds' have
backed to southwest, with Hsing barometer aud
falling temperature, in New England and New
York, huidv weather will probably extend
very generally Friday from the Atlantic coast
to iiif western plains and the barometei will
fall, with stationary or rising temperature, over
this aiea.
Perwoual Telegram*.
M. DeCatacazy is in Washington,and will re
main until the 10th of January, when he will
leave for St Petersburg and lay before the em
peror his statement of his diplomatic action
heie.
A magnificent piece of plate which cost about
SBOOO, is to be presented to B iron Gcrolt bv
Mr. Sumner and other hiends. h is to be on
exhibition at Washington before it is sent to
Prussia.
A Cleveland dispatch states that Alexis’ re
ception there was quite an ovation. He has had
his leave ol absence extended four months, and
will probably visit California.
flic l imes discusses Carl Schurz’fitness toap
pear as the champion of the civil service reform
in politics. It says he belongs to the extreme
revolutionary type of some European societies.
He now seeks to dt stroy an administration
which he sought in vain to corrupt.
(J H BI s T M A 8
WALLETS
I have now in Store the best assort
nicnt ever exhibited iu the state of Mas
sacliiiselts. Thcyareiill made expressly
for me; consequently the style and
prices can be relied upon as being satis
factory.
IL#’* A call is respect fully solicited.
WALLETS.
EDWIN A. WAR REX,
Apothecary,
1 V BAY STATE HOUSE, U OKI ESTEK,
»30 dtf
pATEKT OtflCh. IWoIhiSSU-Ainer
can anu Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ai
piicitionj r-argued Interference Case.- Prosecuted;
O 1 none given as to the validity an<‘ infringement of
Pat nto and Suits prosecuted and dofenied In the U. H.
Courts, by
THOS. II »OB>dlC.
formerly Prlncina. Examiner and Chairman ofUbs
H ard of Appeals. U 8. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Lov. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodge.!
Bl ick. eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mass.
•124 dAwtf
QMVEWS
STOVE STOKE,
2^B MAIN STREET OLD NO.
mv24 dtf
^arlftoare, Stobes. iltt.
J K ON ST E E L, 77.
The subscribers have constantly on hand a vervlarc
assortment of iBON ANO BTEEL or aildescrA;
uons. Also,
CHAINB,
VISES, NUTS,
BELLOWS, WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES, HORSE SHOES
HAMMERS. HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES, KABPB,
SPRINGS, TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES.
BEACH SAND. &u.. AO.
which will be gold at the lowest pruxa. at the oldstan-
WASHINGTON SQUARE.

F, STA H L 1 S H El) is 182 5
W. F. WIIEELEH,
(Successor to Win. A- Wheeler,) manufacturer of
Mucbine, MuiU-oad. Iron, Ui-umm, and C om.
oumHioh
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROP HAMMERS
Aqnedu<;i,mu and Steam Pipe, Wire Machinery and
Annealers. W at er Wheels. Elevators, Clay Crinders,
Corn and Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, Stop
Cocks, Windo Weixuts, Ac.
W r 'f I a Ce.rin?, Purging, Palter.
Work and Machine Jobbing done to .>r«ler
11IOKM KTBKET.
J TO Worces tcr.Mats.
P U KN A O E S
OVNKLEE’I PATENT SUPERIOR
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OR A 8 PORTABLE,
A. RUSSELL A CO.,
au aovTiinKinuF ht., wokcestek
Bole Agents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yonnehM that it is the best Bel
Air Furnace m the market, having nearly double ti e
a nonnt ot heating surface, and a vapor pan so arranged
as to supply a pleasant and agreeable heal, nee irom duet,
a noke and ga«. as the many persoiit- who have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a I wgc and select stock Htoves, Tin. iron, Copt
per and (Hass ware.
Tin Rooting Pump Worn and iohhing of all kind* at
tended to with ueatuess anc dispatch
A RUSSELL A CO..
No. 36 Soutbbrldge st.. Wurceater
•njfs ts
QNLY 50 CENTS
TO SECfHK A BUSINESS
payina »0 $lO per av. Five Samp e- ofonr Dis-
JC Uri V.QOI al new. light and kUc blo.*cut no-t-Daid
ic, Xg nts or only .M) ce its Suhowe ft la ies o gen
llemen to sej. Ad reaj Xe» Xovsltt
Agency, No. 3 Asylum st.. Uaftianl, Ct. dim niiij
poR SALEI
MVCK AND FUBXITUBE
of firstclx-s Clothing, Gcnt»* Furnishing Goo’s, and
Boot and Shoe store.
Ra ecnance iaj active business man. Best of rca
sons lor selhi^ Apply in per-sm or by mail, to
KEYES <fc ULtosoN.
Ml d’pl Springfield, Vt.
II OYLY OKE MU T UTY
Fire Insurance Company.
1, IS7I.
Amount Inaurea...
Weal Esiate
PeiHona!
upn-.l
MH’-phl* 124,140.43
p. VideUda paid »t expiration on FoHcjes made ior one. i
tluee or live yean*. I'tißHiwl* for Insurance may be
made through
M. A. HUWLAND, Agent.
No. ait Opposite lbs eost Office
OVKKTIMIMe MATES.
la Daily Spy—For: th* “bouare* of ttn ;*e«
atato type, 1 time7s eta.; each tobaeqaent Inaertiov 5
cU 1 week |2.*5; 3weeka|4.oo; 1 month fS.M; 1 year
|6o—and the lame rate proportionally for any number o
aqnarea. Two Hnea for one week |1.00; three line 5145;
tour line* SL37; five line* fl 50 Local notice* 25 cents
per line for each insertion. Business notice* 15 cent* pe
lin*. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 ent* per >ll*
Legal advertisement* |LO<) per square for first maei'
tian; each subsequent insertion 50cent*,
Hpe< lai positions; in the paper, and special style* of
display, will be charged extra rate*. Cats and doubl*
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Webkly Spy—First insertion 81.00 per square;
each subsequent insertionsocents; 3 month* 87.00; on*
year 825.00.
iiolilmj ©oolis.
Hew Year’s!
THE
HOLIDAYS
AKE NOT YET OVER,
Bui there remain many Presents vet to be given, and
MESSRS.
FAIRBANKS

PIPER,
DRUGGISTS,
AT
NO. 10 FRONT STREET,
WORCESTER,
Have still In 'Hore a
FINE COMPLETE STOCK OF GOODS
SUITABLE FOR
NEW YEAR’S
Lil TS!
which they propose to sell at satisfactory prices, as they
do nut desire to have anything left to carry
over to next year.
WALLETS.
The stock includes a Great Variety ot
Dressing Cases.
Toilet Sets,
Perfumery Cases,
and Fancy Goods,
of every description, some of which are of rare
Workmanship and Elegance.
Messrs. Fairbanks Piper
would tender to their friends and the public, thanks tbr
the unusually liberal patronage extended to them this
season, and would invite all to
CALL ONCE MORE
AND
T6xamine the Stock,
which has been replenished for the
NEW YEAR’S TRADE.
MANY EXCELLENT BARGAINS
will be found at the Store of MESSRS.
FAIRBANKS
PIPER,
•’I
DURING THE NEXT FEW DAYS.

Don't forget the Street and Number.
Ao. 10
FRONT STREET,