«cttr (Orleans jgcpuMifan.
OFnCIAU^
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF NEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY REPUBLICAN
May be bad of the following dealers:
George Ellis, ojiposite the Postoffice.
A. Simon, No. 94 Exchange Alley.
C. C. Haley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. G. D. Holle, No. 61 Exchange Place.
James Ennis, Pontchartrain Railroad
Depot. Third District; also! at Depot foot
of Lafayette Street, First District.
J. W. Long, corner of Love and Enghien
Streets. Third District.
Crescent City News Depot, No. 258 Canal
etreet, corner of Howard.
AUCTION SALES TO-MORROW.
BY GEORGE PEARSON, at 11 o'clock, at No. Hi
Constance street, entire contents of residence,
consisting of walnut parlor, bod room and
d uingroom furniture, kitchen furniture, car
pets, etc.
B? LOUIS STEEN k BROS., at 10 o'clock, at No.
16 Chartres street, 600 cases boots, shoes and
brogaus.
BY DANIEL CROWLEY. Constable First Justice
Court, at 12 o'clock, at No. 139 Julia street,
lot of household lumiture—P. Reid vs. George
IiriuL
BY SHERIFF SACVINET, at 12 o'clock, at the
Merchants and Auctioneers* Exchange, all the
right of Henry Cassidy in the hrin of Cassidy
k Miller—Mary McGuire vs. Henry Cassidy, her
husband.
Local Intelligence.
Among the Public Schoolhocses.—
Last Friday we passed a few hours in look
ing at several scboolbouees. in company
with Mr. T. Lynne and Mr. J. L. Cook, in
tending to make a note of repairs recently
made on some of the buildings under Mr
Cook's supervision. Our attention was as
much occupied by looking at the children
as at the repairs.
The Webster School, Dryadee street, al
though an old structure, is in tolerably good
condition, but the teachers declare that a
few more benches are required, the number
of pupils, about five hundred, demanding
an addition. Good system prevails, and
the scholars wear a tidy appearance and
cheerful faces, probably owing to an excel
lent corps of teachers.
The Magnolia School, corner of Caron
delet and Philip streets. Las received con
siderable attention, mechanics having per
formed their labors thoroughly. We arrived
while the children were taking a recess, so
saw little but heard much.
The Laurel has been well attended to,
decaying portions of wood work removed,
and the place renovated generally, except
ing a small building in the yard, used for
the primary department. It would be for
tunate if tire would destroy that. Paint,
whitewash and the carpenter could not bet
ter it. Good order prevails, and the pupils
are improving.
The Girls' High School, on Chestnut, near
Jackson street, is worthy of any city. All
is bright and new, cheerful and clean.
The structure is all that c-ould be demanded,
and speaks favorably for those who have
charge of it. The entire premises wear a
comfortable appearance, which has a good
effect on the misses in attendance. The
amiable teachers speak in praise of the
scholars, and while there we listened to a
portion of Friday's exercises, and if our
judgment is correct, the young ladies will,
at the end of the session, prove that labor
has cot been bestowed on them in vain. It
is safe to assert that thev will bear compar
ison with the scholars of any other similar
institution, or with other establishments
making greater pretentions.
Recitations and compositions by the fol
lowing named young ladies were far above
the ordinary, and delighted the few visitors
who were present: Misses M. Virgin, C.
Silverstein, T. Rodgers, M. Bourdet, G. De
Castro, J. Guytber, A. Shields, F. Levy, R.
Philips. C. Kearnes, M. Bridgins. A. Pilcher,
Stafford, Ferguson, H. White, Goodrich and
Bridge, F. Landry, M. McCullough, L
Green.
A short call at the Madison Girls' showed
us that the institution is flourishing finely
and the pupils making excellent progress.
The building is in pretty fair condition, but
should cold weather come unexpectedly no
tires could be made, as the stovepipes in
each room have a disease that consumes
them. They are worthless as they are,
which fact is noted in order that the proper
person may remedy this evil before chilly
weather sets in. There is nothing else need
ing immediate attention. Teachers in each
school suggest that they and their scholars
would be delighted by visits from members
of the board occasionally.
Master Barney will dance his champion
jig to-niglit at the Academy of Music.
At two o'clock last evening John Goetz,
employe iu the grocery of Schmidt
Zeigler, by an unfortunate movement
placed himself in a position to be struck
by the elevator. lie was so badly hurt
that it was necessary to send him to his
home on Spain street.
The Jury Muddle. —The ease of the
Boyd brothers is almost lost Eight of in
the jury muddle. Attorneys on both sides,
and the court, consumed the time in rais
ing points or objections, and then knocking
them into pi. The question as to whether
John Johnson had ever been pardoned,
and whether that fact could be proven, was
uppermost. Johnson's status was the pivot
on which everything turned. He is an
elderly man with gray hair, and looks a
little troubled. Judge Abell, alter the
court had taken two or three recesses, con
cluded to discharge the present jury, and
so the trial 01 the Boyd brothers is still in
abeyance.
Horse Flesh.— About four months ago,
avers John Williams, by virtue of Lis X
to an affidavit, before Recorder Houghton,
he 7>urchased a mare and colt from Robert
Williams, who well knew at the time that
the horse flesh was stolen property, worth
fifty dollars. On the strength of this testi
mony the papers were sent to the Criminal
Court.
A bTUiitER.—p. Branuigan goes down to
see a patent jury about his forcible treat
ment of J. B. Benton, on the eigth instant,
on Prienr street. Benton considers that he
was struck without due and ancient cause.
Police Convention.—' To-day Police Com
missioner Baldy and Superintendent
Badger will start for St. Louis, having been
elected as delegates to the police conven'
tion, which will assemble during the week.
Both gentlemen are fully competent for the
duties assigned them, they having excellent
ideas of the contemplated work. We be
speak a kind reception for our delegates,
and assure onr friends in St. Louis that
they will prove themselves gentlemen
worthy *f every attention, and when their
labors are finished, return them toue un
demeralized by St. Louis habits. During
Colonel Badger's absence Commissioner
William Baker will act as Superintendent.
Physical Exercises. —We note with Ad
miration the energy displayed by some of
our young men to raise subscriptions for a
gymnasium. As an acquisition to tbe pub
lic good we can recommend nothing so
desirable. Those leading sedentary occcpa
tions should bear in mind tbe great ad
vantages accruing from so worthy an object.
We rejoice in this undertaking and trust
the sensibilities of our young men are
awake to the necessity of a development of
this kind. Terms for subscription are very
moderate and within tb" compass of all—
only twelve dollars per year. Two gentle
men of reliable character and ability,
Messrs. Scott and Hammersley, are solicit
ing subscriptions, and every,Ling promises
well for the success of their laudable enter
prise, for it is a want which has been long
felt in our midst. We give it our hearty
encouragement. Subscription lists to be
found at Ellis' book store, 82 Camp street,
and Nodal's cigar store, corner St. Charles
and Canal st reets. _
Knights of Pythias.—T he following are
the officers of the committee authorized to
receive subscriptions for the distressed in
Chicago:
William F. Dunham, president; Dr. J.
Wenz, vice-president: H. Clarence, secre
tarr; Henry M. Small, assistant secretary.
Lodges. —Ivanhoe, No. 1: R. King Cutler,
Dr. William H. Hire, William Ploff, Moses
Fox, O. M. Redon.
Louisiana, No. 2: John H. Manuel, Eugene
Pavsant, H. Wallace, C. A. Beck, Frank
Villegas.
•Etna. No. 5: J. B. Williams, E. B. Hogan.
L. C. Brackett, P. N. Benacb, J. W. Sniff.
Crescent, No. 7: Charles Hill, C. L. Sweet.
James Koppell, Walter Thompson, P. V.
Burton.
Teutonia. No. 8: J. J. Barnett, P. Gold
stein, S. Stiff't, A. Sadusky. Mayer Levy.
Liberty, No. 10: Not yet appointed.
Andrew Jackson, No. 11: Dr. G. Devron.
Charles H. Merritt, M. Carroll, E. Cox, Dr.
F. Sehmnae her. _
A fish dealer m Magazine market has
hired or controls several stalls, to the ex
clusion of competition. This will he duly
investigated, as there is a city ordinance on
the subject of hiring and keeping stalls out
of use. __
A pretty deer strayed into the public
pound. Tbe owner can apply for it at Ad
ministrator Lewis' office.
Errata.—I n yesterday's report of the
Boyd trial, the printer used the words
••reaching" and "reach" for searching and
search. The errors made nonsense.
j
j

j
j
I
i
j
All interested are informed that police
men, recorders, justices of the peace and
attorneys, have nothing to do with keeping
the names of prisoners out of the Repub
lican, all promises and assertions to tbe
contrary notwithstanding. No person out
side this office can speak for us: therefore,
if interested parties are disappointed, they
must blame those who have no connection
with the RepueLican. These remarks are
called forth by information that an irrespon
sible person promised that a case should not
appear in the newspapers.
Peivate Soiree in Turner Hall.—O ne
of the coziest parties we hare lately attend
ed or expect to attend this season was that
of Perseverance Social Club in Turner Hall
last nigbt. A select number of First Dis
trict young men, finding no charm in pub
lic places, have organized this club on a
purely social basis, simply to pass a few
pleasant evenings with their lady friends
and acquaintances to trip* the light fantastic
toe. The ball last night was entirely suc
cessful, the ladies being beautiful and their
toilets tasty, the young gentlemen gallant
and attentive, while the dancing was ar*
tistic. The leaders appear to be Messrs.
J. Phillips, C. Haggerty. D. Shay.
H. Schuling, Swan and others. This
club will entertain its friends several times
before the gay season closes, and the
prettiest lasses of the First District consider
themselves flattered by an invitation. We
hope the Perseverance Social Club will
continue to flourish just so long as it keeps
rational pleasure in view, and judging by
last night's experience, we think its happiest
time is befor e it. _
From October 1, 1870, until September
30, 1871, 11,697 persons were arrested in the
first precinct; there were 2524 lodgers, and
twenty-five lost children. Total for the
year, 17,240.
TnE Latest Things in Furnishing
Goods, Shirts, etc.—As will be seen upon
reference to our advertising columns Mr.
B. T. Walshe is now prepared to show his
new goods at Lis splendid store on Canal
street. Everything beautiful and recherthc
in the above named line to be found in all j
the centres of fashion is comprised in this
6tock. Mr. Walshe has sought to procure
for his customers desirable as well as good
articles, and we believe that perfect success
has crowned his efforts. In the way of
gentlemen's shirts he has a most compre
hensive assortment; no matter what sized
man comes along he can find a fit, and
should he be fastidious, or even capricious,
his tastes will be gratified. It is also a
pleasure to visit this store, so beautifully
has it recently been fitted up. Such a fine
light by whieh to examine goods, bo roomy
and so comfortably furnished is it that we
really do not feel able to decide whether
there is a more elegant place of business in
the country than it is.
New Seasonable Goons at O'Neill
Gleason's.— We invitethe special attention
of the readers of the Republican this
morning to the list of new goods advertised
by Messrs. O'Neill Gleason. No. 205 Canal
street, this morning. These goods are all
fresh and of the most fashionable styles,
as well as sterling quality, and will be sold
at the usual reasonable rates of the house.
Heads of families and visitors from the
country will find there a most favorable op
portunity to buy house linens as well as
dress goods, as the stock covers the whole
line, lrom the finest to the cheapest-fabrics,
the most substantial to tbe lightest texture.
The house eiyoys a high reputation for fair
dealing, while their direct importation en
ables them to put their goods at much
lower rates than many houses. Give them
cull.___
Who has uot seen Add Hyman's Trials.
If there is any, let them be notified that it
will be repeated to-night for the last time
at the Academy.
Silks, Dress Goods and E.mbroidert.—
Messrs. J. Levois Jamison are just now
receiving l*er steamships Koln and Alice,
direct from Europe, a magnificent stock of
silks, dress goods, embroideries and fancy
goods of the latest European styles. We
advise our lady readers to go at once and
inspect these beautiful goods, as they com
prise styles at once novel and elegant, and
are being offered at the usual low rates of
this liberal house.
i
Private Intelllaeace hw CUtaea
A friend yesterday received a letter from
his sister in Chicago, dated Tuesday, tenth
instant, in which she says:
"Of course you have extensive accounts
of the unprecedented calamity which has
befallen us; but when you read the very
worst about it, just remember that the true
state of things is far worse—worse than
anything you can imagine. All the elegant
business houses are gone; not a house is
standing from Congress street north to the
main river, and only one is left on the north
side to Lincoln Park. Hundreds and thous
ands of people, rich three days ago and
living in ease, are now beggars, with no
business, no homes—all gone. Yet though
they know not what they are to do, all seem
to have hope. Oar Lome is still spared,
though we feel little secure, as the opinion
is universal that incendiaries are still at
work. Tbe citizens keep watch all night.
General Sheridan will have seven com
panies of regulars here to-morrow morning,
after which the remains of the city will be
put in their charge. Of course we all have
lost not only by the general prostration of
business, but my three sons are all burned
out perhaps and money all lost, and their
business all gone for the present. Still, I
guess we'll all get along.''
With such a hopeful spirit, on euch a day,
certainly they will.
A Mean Trick.
We are assured by Dr. E. S. Lewis that
the advertisement which appeared in the
"Wants" column of the Times on Friday
morning, purporting to emanate from him,
was a forgery. He has also addressed a
note to the limes, in which he repudiates
not only the advertisement, but the practice
of demanding a percentage on prescriptions
from druggist*. The doctor is hotly in pur
suit of the author of the mean trick prac
ticed upon him, and will do all in his power
to make him regret the liberties he has
taken with the name of an honorable and
high-minded physician.
('•■cert this Emisf.
We hope our readers will not forget the
concert this evening at St. Patrick s church
for the benefit of St. Theresa's church, to
be given under the direction of Mr. Theo
dore La Hacbe. The object is a worthy
one and commends itself to the whole
people. Tickets only fifty cents. We hope
the church will be filled and the receipts
large. _
The Temperature.
The thermometer at Louis Frigerio's,
No. 50 Chartres street, stood as follows
vesterday: At 8 A. M., 76°; at 2 P. M., ft. 12
at C P. M 79-. _
Tiie Prettiest Thing We Eter Saw.—
Passing last evening before Mr. B. T.
Walshe's splendid store on Canal etreet, we
were enticed to enter by an accidental
glance that we caught of a smoking jacket
of extraordinary beauty, which Mr. Walshe
was at that moment showing to a customer.
The material of the jacket was a line drab
cassimere, but its main beauty lay in the
wonderful combination formed by the trim
ming of rich scarlet quilted satin and orna
mented clasps. It was perfect, that's all
j about it. The genius of tailoring never con*
j c-eived a lovlier garment we are sure; and
we could not help envying the future pos
j sessor. Ah! The man who who could not be
j happy with such a jacket on. sitting by his
I own fireside, must be of a strange eombina
i tion indeed. Mr. Walshe showed us other
j smoking jackets and dressing gowns of
richer material, and far more costly, but
this was our favorite. Nothing oould change
our first opinion, although Lis assortment
was wondrous beautiful.

Among the many instances of good for
tune that may be cited among individuals
who have tried their luck recently, in the
Louisiana State Lottery, may be mentioned
the case of William Latile. This lucky in
dividual purchased a ticket for one dollar
and twenty-five cents, which drew him the
prize of eight thousand dollars. As he has
ptublicly certified to this fact, it is but right
Tiif. Centre of Excitement in Dry
Goods. —No one can visit the store of
Messrs. B. W. Croner, corner of Maga
zine and St. Mary streets, near the marker,
without feeling j>erfectly convinced that it
is there the excitement about new goods
centres, especially since they have opened
their new stock. The crowds which con
stantly are entering aud going out, the ab
solute rnsh which is made for the elegant
new patterns of diess goods, tbe eagerness
with which pnehases are made, all announce
the fact. And the fact is. it is not surprising,
for the Croners' stock is amazingly beauti
ful. and sold astonishingly low.
faith to go and do likewise. The next single
number drawing embraces four hundred
and forty prizes, the highest of which is
$50,000. _ __
An Important Fact.— Since custom has
made it the rule in all convivial entertain
ments to spread before our guests the
choicest distillations, the question is fre
quently asked, "Where can I find really
pure liquors Thomas 11. Handy Co.,
Nos. 14 and 16 Royal street, answer the
question in our advertising columns. They
vouch for the purity of their old Sazerac
brandy. Bourbon and rye whiskys, family
clarets, white wines, and all other liquO is
therein enumerated. See their advertise
ment.
Wall Paper and Window Shades.—
Mr. F. Newhall, No. 40 Camp street, is
just now opening a most beautiful and weil
selected stock of the above named goods,
and is prepared to promptly execute all
orders for paper hanging and upholstering,
having competent and experienced work
men. We advise such of our readers as
are desirous of having their houses fitted
out with fashionable hangings, to give Mr.
Newhall a call, as he never fails to give
satisfaction, while his prices are as low as
could reasonably be desired.
Blue Boot and Shoe Store of tiie
Fourth District.— If our readers wish to
buy real good boots and shoes at remark
ably low rates, let them patronize Mr. Gim
bel, No. 564 Magazine street. His stock
comprises all qualities for the wear of
ladies, gents and children, and wag manu.
factored expressly for his trade. There is
no slop-shop shoddy work about his goods,
but all is real and substantial. He de
serves to be patronized.
Smith's Pulmonic Sirup is a success. It
is creating a sensation. There is a rush for
it. and the proprietors have enlarged their
works to four times their former capacity. It
Las been introduced into the West, and the
demand for it codes from all quarters. Try it
by all means. The home evidence in its favor
is very strong and direct. See the announce
ment elsewhere,, to which we call earnes
attention.
The Femle Jtlge ef Wyoming—Her
Husband Complained of far Drunken*
At the recent session of tbe Legislature of
Wyoming territory a law was pased givin"
women the right to vote and iold office!
The first action taken under the provisions
of this law was the appointment,by the act
ing governor, of Mrs. Esther Morris, of
South Pass City, as a justise of the peace
for Sweetwater county. Mrs. Mirris quali
fied. "remitted the usual fee of fire dollars"
to the secretarv, and entered upon the
duties of her office.
A correspondent of the New York Sun
says:
Nothing unusual occurred for tome davs;
everybody was satified with the rew justice,
and the new justice with everybody. One
day. however, the wine of bitttrness was
mixed in her enp of biiss. and notwithstand
ing her womanly and wifely feeliig, she was
compelled to drink it.
Her better half, who was new left in
charge of the domestic department of the
firm, had. previous to his retirenent to the
sweets of domestic life, oceasionalv taken a
social glass with his friends, "iking ad
vantage of this weakness, sone friends
waited upon Mr. 3Iorrisone day, md bavin®
made Mr. Morris drunk, led lim into a
breach of the peace, then hasteied to the
esquire's office and lodged a conqlaint with
her honor, against her honor's 'liege lord
and master." that used to be, anddemanded
a warrant for his arrest. Mrs. Jtetice hesi
tated a moment on the banks tf this wo
man's Rubicon, but like C.esa^ she was
equal to the emergency, and prompt! v
crossed into her lord's dominion, and her
former master was dragged befire her for
trial.
Mr. Morris' head was not infficiently
clear to comprehend the sitiRtion. lie
began to asseit bis sovereign riffits in con
tempt of court, until suddenly wrought up
by the officer in obedience to;he court's
order. Seeing that things ha< changed
somewhat, and that Othello's tecupation
had been at least suspended, he began to
expostulate first with the office-, until in
formed by that functionary thathe had no
discretion, but was acting enter orders
ironi the court.
"Who is the court (hie) f" inmired Mr.
Morris. On being informed tka' the occu
pant of the bench was the judgt, Mr. Mor
ris looked at the justice with t puzzled air.
scratched his head in an effort tocollect his
scattered thoughts, and ejaciiaed (hie)—
h<-r—(hie)—you d—d fool—sht'gniy wile—
(hie) she is—that's Esther—in; wife Es
ther—vou're drunk, or—oh. don't bother me
(Lie), ,f and he started to go.
"Lock up the prisouer for cm tempt of
court." said Mis Morns to theotieer.
"What have you to say a bo it it, eh
blurted out Mr. Morris, staggeritg mechan
ically toward the judge.
"You will find that I haw all to sav
about it. Officer, lock him up,' leplied her
honor.
Although badly mixed. Mr. laris began
to get a glimmer of the truth.aid began a
parley.
"Now look here, Mr. Officer. d«n't yon be
in a hurry, I don't mean anyibhg wrong.
I want just to talk with my wfe a minute.
Now Esther, what's the use o' foolin'; yon
jist git down out 'o there and home and
behave yourself. I'll tend ta that little
matter myself. Now go right along, the
baby wants nursing. I had tegive it Mrs.
Winslow to get it to sleep Then I came
down. He's hungry, for he win't use that
old bottle, ami I don't blame kim, neither.
The dishes ain't washed, nor tie beds made,
neither. And what's more. I lin't goin' to
do it any more, now. You hear that. Now
start along.
By the time Mr. Morris htd delivered
himself of this, his tone had changed as his
feelings warmed lrom that of expostulation
to that of command again, atd the officer
forced him into the rudely conarueted lock
up in rear of her honor's court, and there
Mr. Morris was left to reflect rpon the situ
ation. and gaze upon the dinting wall be
tween himself and wife as tlieiividing line
between man's and woman's rights under
this new dispensation.
On the following morning Mi. Morris was
arraigned before Her honor. an( in the most
sober and subdued manner, tnd with the
deepest humiliation, pleaded guilty, asked
the pardon of the court for coutunpt, begged
its ciemeney, and then awaitedbis sentence
with humility and resignation.
After giving the prisoner a Candle lec
ture as amended by the laws cf Wyoming,
her honor imposed the usual fine and re
quired the prisoner to give binds to kee.p
the peace, upon which the eoirt gallantly
offered to let him go, and Mr Slorris van
ished.
Carl Seliurz is not only a scholar, a sol
dier. and a philosopher, but he b a thorough
American as we',I. Recently.on the occa
sion of the development of sone ill-feeling
aiming the Germans of Chicagi. on account
of the supposed neglect shown :hat element
in the distribution of certain aipointment-s.
a noble sentiment was utterec by General
Scburz. Be American citiz-ns, nothing
more, nothing less." is the watciword which
he gives his countrymen resiibnt in Amer
ica: and it is a motto which Lev and all
other ail opted citizens may izlely make
their rule of action in public afl'iirs. 'Foreign
born citizens who forsake that own lauds
for one which offers superior atttaetions can
consistently afford to merge tleir nation
ality in that of the country vhich gives
them shelter, and thus increass their own
happiness and the greatness o:'tie republic.
The words of the senator have a secondary
meaning, which applies equallywell to the
native boin American. Be "no'hing more
than an American citizen:" not ai oppressor
or partisan of any particular clitrch, nation
or color, and join with all those who dwell
bi-neath our national flag in liontst, hearty,
disinterested labor for the comnon, welfare
and the common advancement.
One of the most sacred privileges of a
compositor on a morning newipaper. and
one in the exercise of which le is seldom
interrupted by the proof-readet is the use
ot the comma. There are somep-inters who
are not addicted to the comma tnd who do
uot space their lines with it, bil no reader
>ught to question their rigkt to do so.
When it becomes necessary tc announce
that "Mr. John Smith has always been a
good Democrat." a few comas linking tbe
expression read "Mr. John Smth, has, al
ways. been a good Democrat.' are orna
mental. and never do any Lain. There
seems to be an insane prejudre against
overworking the comma, but time will
probably soften this feeling.— Louiscille
Journal.
No American custom excites mire surprise
and amusement among travelin; foreigners
than that whieh is known in ouisaloous as
"treating," aud which consists h tbe reci
procal payment, by each memlsr of a con
vivial party in turn, lor tbe "refreshments"
consumed by the "crowd." Thit this cus
tom leads to great excess there an not be a
doubt, annihilating true tempermce among
those even who would only drink noderately
or occasionally, if left to their ovn volition.
It is very clear that the disuse of his fashion
would have greater practical effett in dimin
ishing the vice of drunkenness tian scores
of prohibitory laws.
Of the appropriation for the ninth census
there remains unexpended but shout $103,
000 a sum not more than sufficieit to carry
cn the bureau until the meeting »f Congress
in December. That body will, tlerefore, be
called upon early in the session for a de
fieiency appropriation to coaplete the
work. In view of the elaborate and de
tailed manner in which the reports have
been made up, and the promptitude whieh
has characterized the labors of the census
office, it is probable there will b« but slight
opposition to a liberal appropriation of
funds for the purpose.
Martha Walker, a young Englishwoman,
recently undertook to climb tbe famous
Matterhorn, in the Swiss Alps, over 14, 700
feet high, and was upon that occasion ac
companied by her lather, sixty-five years
old. The daring leat was successfully i
complished. although the Matterhorn is one
of the most difficult of ali the Alpine peaks
to ascend. Miss Walker had previously
climbed Monts Blanc. Rosa, and other fa
mous mountains with little fatigue.
Some recent novelist having gifted his (or
her) heroine with "snapping eyelids," that
charming peculiarity is beginning to make
its way among the belles of society, some of
wliom have already learned to wink with a
clatter approaching that of castanets.
Young ladies who excel in this accomplish
ment are called 'snapping turtles."
Natlee.— The steamship Margaret, with a por
tion of the cargo from steamship Mississippi, will
commence delivery of same on MONDAY, October
16, 1871, at post No. 13, First District. Consignees
are notified to sign average bond ami produce
original bills of ladingat our office. No goods Will
•be delivered without a special order from tiie un
K dersigued.
LOW A LUDWTGSIW. Agents.
No. ISO Common street.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
There will be a Meeting at the Mer.
chants' Etehange. over the Louisiana National
Bank. Common street, between Camp and 8t.
Charles, on TUESDAY*, the seventeenth instant, at
seven o'clock P. M., to take under consideration the
building of iron steamers and barges to run on the
Mississippi river, or any otherplan by which cheap
transportation can be obtained for New Orleans
and by whieh her old commercial importance cat
be restored. Matters of gleat importance to all
the citizens of New Orleans will be discussed, and
all are requested attend.
WILLIAM A. BARTLETT,
Secretary Mutual Steam Transportation I'l'mpanv.
«el5 2t
Firemen's Charitable Association ef Al
giers.—An adjourned meeting of this association
will be held iu the hull of Pelican F.re Company
No. 1, on SUNDAY MORNING, October 15, 1671, at
nine o'clock.
Every member is expected to he present. The
active and exempt members of the several fire
companies of Algiers are respectfully invited, aud
earnestly requested to attemh
Bv order of THOMAS H. JONES, President.
L. PztebiiX, Sec etary. o<-15 It
OWre New Orlrnna City Railroad Com.
pan.v. New Orleans. October 11,1371.—At a meeting
of the Board of Directors of tins company, held
this day, a dividend of four dollars per share
was declared, payable to the stockholders
on or after the twenty-fifth instant, the United
States tax on which will tie paid bv the company.
WILLIAM P. SINNOTT,
ocl2lot Secretary.
Special Notire,—The American Tnion Club
will occupy its old quarters (Room 7. No. 13 St.
Charles street) during the present month.
OC7 8 15 E. E. ADAMS. Se-retary.
OtBre Mutual Aid ud Benevolent Life
Insurance Association of Louisiana, No. lib Caron
delet street, New Orleans. October in. 1871.—Mem
liers of this association are hereby notified of the
death of H. J. Gildericiester. who died in This city
July 7. 1871: Gardner Banks, who died in Wulrliaia,
Massachusetts. July 9. 1871; Samuel Wolff, who died
in this city July 15,1871, and C. W*. Westendorff,
drowned near Louisbr.rg, Louisiana, July 20,1871,
and are called upon to come forward, without
further notice, and pay on each, at the office of the
association. No. 12n Carondelet street, (1 25, on or
before 4:30 P. M„ November 14.1871.
01-8 6t E. W. YOUNG. Secretarv.
Creacent til j Bank, New Orleans, step.
tender 27, 1871.—The Board of Dire tors of this
bank having this day passed a resolution favoring
the adcotiou of the national banking svstem, the
stockholders are requested to call at the banking
bouse on or before the thirtieth ilav of October.
1871, and register their votes tor oragainst its adop
tion. CHARLES FAUR1E, JR., Cashier.
se3n 1 iu
Notice. —The stockholders of the Calcasieu
Sulphur and Alining Company are hereby notified
that a *:xtli installment of five dollars per share
on all the ordinary stock ot tke company has been
called by the Board of Directors, and made payable
on tbe second of Octolier next, at the office of the
company, No. 3)y Carondelet street.
ALEX. BONNEVAL, Secretarv.
Xew Orleans. September 23, 1971. se24 l5t
ifatcbelor'n Ualr Dye.—This superb Lair
dye is the last in the world—perfectly harmless,
reliable and instantaneona: no disappointment; no
ridiculous tint* nr disagreeable odor. The genuine
William A. Batchelor's hair dye produces immedi
ately a splendid black or natutal brown; leaves
the hair clean, wifi, beautiful; does not con
tain a particle uf lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all druggists. Factory, No. 16 Bond street,
New York. jyl3 ly
SUCCESSION NOTICES.
$iarce*i»i««i of Joha O* McColl—No*
Mu'C4'6ei«n <*f Anne McCall—Np. 34.687.
CJKCOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THfc PARISH
O of Orleans—Whereas. William John M«*Call
lias petitioned the court for letters of administra
tion on the alK>re entitled estates. Notice is here
by iri»en to all whom it may concern, to show eaure
within ten days why the prayer of tlie said peti
tioner should hot K* granted.
By order of the Court.
oc 14 18 22 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
SorresMioi of ICobert P. Kayoe-Mo.
r*4
CJKCOKD DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
O of Orleans.—Whereas. Mrs. Martha Ravne has
petitioned the court for letters of administration
on the estate of her late husband. Robert P. Eaynt
Notice is herebv given to ail whom it may coneem.
to allow cause Within ten days, whv the prayer of
the said petiiioner should not be granted.
Bv order of the Court.
oelo 15 19 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Ia tire Matter of John G. Weber, an
ai'Scntie—No. 34.925.
QECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
40 of Orleans.—Whereas. Henry Weber has peti
tioned the eonit to be appointed curator o! the
above named absentee. Notice is hcieby given t#
all whom it may concern to show cause within ten
days why the prayer of said petitioner should not
be granted.
Bv order of the coin;:
ocl5 19 23 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
SurreMion of Alfred Vienne* Jr.— Mo.
54.897.
QBCONP DISTRICT COURT FOR TIIE PARISH
ol (cleans. Whereas*. Henry Vienne has
petitioned this court for letter** of adm'uistru*
tion on the estate of the late Alfred Vienne. Jr.,
deceased intestate. Notice is hereby given to all
whom it mar concern to show cause, within ten
days, why the prayer ot the said petitioner should
not l«e granted.
Bv order of the Court.
©c7 11 15 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Succession of Jalra Conrchr—No, 3-1.919.
ClECOXD DISTRICT COURT KoR THE PARISH
O of Orleans.—Whereas Philip Ii. Fouke, public
administrator, has petitioned the court for letters
of administration on the estate of the late
Jules Courcke, deceased, intestate. Notice is
hereby given to ail whom it may concern, to show
cause w ithin ten days why the prayer of the said
pet tinner should uot i e granted.
Bv order of the Court.
oel3 13 22 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
Sgreewiisn of Philippe Morgan No.
34.911.
CJECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Whereas. Jean Carreati lias
petitioned the court for letters of administra
tion on the estate of the late Philippe Dorgati.
deceased, intestate. Notiee is hereby given to ail
whom it may concern, to show cause within ten
days why the prayer of the said petitioner should
not be granted.
Bv order of the Court.
m il 15 19 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
Succession of Joha C onners—No 31,S IS.
OECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THB PARISH
O of Orleans.—Notice is herebv given to the credit
ors of this estate and to ail otlier persons herein
interested to show cause within ten days from tho
present notification, if any they have or can. why
the account presented by the admitTrator of this
estate, should not be homologated and approved,
aud the funds distributed in accordance there
with.
Bv order ot the Court.
oe!2 16 20 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
fiiuccesslon of Bartholomew Collins—No.
33.K30.
OECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PAR1SB
O of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the cred
itors of this estate, and to ail other persons
herein interested to show cause within ten
days from the present notification, if any they have
or can, why the amended aud liual account
presented by Dennis Cronan. testamentary ex
ecutor in this estate, should not be homologated
and approved, aud the funds distributed iu ac
cordance therewith.
Bv order of the Court.
0.12 16 20 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Surremfs* of Bernard Henry Mieden—
No. 34,915.
CJECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF
40 Orleans.—Whereas. P. B. Fouke, public ad
ministrator, has petitioned the court for letters
of administration on the estate of the iate
Bernard Henry Mieden, deceased, intestate.
Sotice is hereby given to all whom it may
concern, to show cause withfn ten days, why the
[•raver of the said petitioner should not he granted.
Bv order of the Court.
ocl2 16 2.1 M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
Surresdon ot Branrh A. Cnbannia—No.
33.654.
QECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THB PARISH
O of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to tbe credit
ors of this estate, and to all other persons herein
interested, to show cause within ten days from the
[•resent notification, if any they have or can. why
[he account presented by the administrator
of this estate should hot be homologated
and approved, and the funds distributed in accord
ance therewith.
Bv order of the Court.
ocS 9 13 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
Succession of i-npfain I *eo Bay hi—No.
34.896.
C*EC *»ND DISTRICT Cc>UST FOR THE PARLSH OF
Orleats. Wliereaa. Ernest Buerkle has
petitioned the court for letters of administration
>n the estate ot the late Captain Leo Bay hi, de
ceased. intestate. Notice is hereby given to all
whom it in ay concern, to show cause within ten
lays why the prayer of said petitioner should not
tje granted.
By order of the court.
oc* 11 15 M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
SurrrssioD of John George Dmnni—No.
34.647.
OECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR TIIE PARISB
O of Orleans.—Whereas. M'ss Elizabeth Damm
lias petitioned the eourt for letters of administra
tion Oil the estate of the late John George Damm,
deceased, intestate: Notice is hereby given to all
whom it may concern to show cause within ten
davs why the prayer of the said petitioner should
uot he granted.
Bv order of the Court.
ocl« 15 19 M. O. TRACT, Clerk.
Succession of Louise Caroline Nieyrey—
No. 34 904.
SECOND DISTRICT COURT FOB THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Whereas, Eugene NeyTey has pe
titioned the court for letters ot administration on
the estate of the late Louise Caroline Neyrey, de
ceased, intestate: Notice is hereby given to all
whom it may concern to show cause within ten
dAy s why the prayer of the said petit ioner should
not be granted.
Bv order of the court.
oc8 12 16 M. O. TBACY, Clerk.
OFFICIAL NOTICES.
MSTOIULTY OT N*W OULKAIK,
City Hall, October 1871.
(No. 1135— Administration Series.)
An ordinance appropriating money to defray the
expend,fures ol the Department of Improve
ments for tbe month of September. 1871.
Be it onlained by tbe Council of the city of Ne
Orleans. Ttiat the following sams of money, or so
much thereof ns may 1-e necessary, are hereby ap
propriated to defray the expenditures of the he
pariineut of Improvements for the month of Sep
tember, 1871, and that the Administrator ot Public
Accounts draw his warrants on the Administrator
of Finance in payment of the game:
IIKPARTXKST PKOl'KR.
W. K. Spearing, iivery of horse............. -f Ml 0'i
BURK AC OF eTRRKTS.
Harry Ringgold. rent of office............... 30 on
L. C. Shaw, materia: for bridge.............. 75 87
L. C. Shaw, material for bridge.............. 77 00
II. Birrchor, material for bridge............. 41 50
William Duuuigan sidewalks............... 32 (0
Daniel Edwards, irtei sections............... 152 33
■icbolas Glosser, pickaxes................... S 00
Folger A Co., hardware...................... 109 50
William Henrv, ballast...................... 683 25
J. Root, ditching....................... 2*67 60
William Golding, material for bridge........ 274 52
Stetson A Armstrong, slaiiouery............ 4n 30
Republican Printing Company, subscription IS no
P. uranz.n repairing clock................ 300
New Orleans Price Current, subscription. 10 no
New Orleans Times, subscription........... 1*; no
New Orleans Picayune, subscription........ 16 141
Frauds Noel, rent of office................... 20 00
F. Vender Haar. rent of office................ 25 (m
A. De Monasteno, rent of office.............. 20 00
nrRKAC 11F WHARVES A NO LASHINGS.
E. L. Cope, tewing nuisance boats........... 407 91
Henry Birrelier. repairing tools.......-...... 50 25
Folger A Co., hardware...................... 97 31
BUREAU or C.-TT DRAINAGE.
Folger A Co., hardware...................... P2 10
Reward O Rourke. repairs to boiler......... inn 00
Folger A Co., hardware............... 41:117
Beal tb k Laui«*, coal........................ 243 oil
Bfaifra A Lame, coal........................ 4f*»
Gubeixator k Terry, lumber.......... yr t jo
A. Curtis,guttexe.l.....................154
Lay cork .Matthews, ironwork.........", 41$* :4
Louie Ciagctt, judgment..................... 500 00
SKCOXP DKAINAG* frKCTlO.V.
O. V. \Tnjrner, brick.......................... 04 01
William Uoidiug, repairs,.................... 60
SraTBTOK'S DKPAKTXK.Vr.
New Orleans Republican Printing Com|>acv,
printing................................
A. Kero, copies of contracts.................
H. Noiret, zepaiis.............................
20
20 00
5
Total...................................if TO ll 4
Adoptcd by *he Council ot' the city c f New Or
leans, October 10, 1*71.
Yeas: Cockrem, Shaw*. IMassize. Remick. L**wis
PKNJ. V. FLANPtLsS, Mayor.
A true copy:
II. Co.yvjrKFT Cj.akkk. Secretary. oc!4 It
Mayoralty of Sex? Oklpan*,
City Hull. October 14. 1871. S
{No. 11:«—Administration Senes.]
Whirkas. The condition of the city finances de
mands rigid economy on the i»art of every depart
ment of the city government, oa the part of the
several departments at the City Hail, as weil as cn
that of tue Metropolitan Police Department; aud.
Whereas. In the matter of the assessment by the
Metropolitan Police Board for the expenses of the
Police Hepartmeat for the next year, the amount
is so consideiaMe as to seem capable of reduction;
atd tbe law makes it requisite that the Mavor
sLonid make his objections to tiie estimate within
ten days after said estimate has been presented to
him, in order that it may l*e revised, and. if possi
ble, reduced by the Eoara of Metropolitan Police
Commissioners, or thereafter lie shall be estopped
from making objections: now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That without claiming to be advised
of the exact amount requisite to defray the ex
penses of tlie Police Department, and in order to
make objections within the time allowed by Jaw,
tke Council hereby directs the Mayor to make ob
jections to the whole estimate, anil respectfully
but earnestly recommend that the Police Commis
sioners revise and reduce to the lowest j oscibie
figure the estimate for the expenses of the depait
rnent for the coming year.
Adopted by the Council ol the city of New Or
leans. October 14, 1871.
Yeas: Cockrem, (Shaw, Delas*;ze, Remick, Lewis
Bonsai: o.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
II. Oo.vQrRST Clarks. Secretary. ool* It
Mayoralty of S kw Orleans, t
City Hail, October 11, 1871. 5
[No. 1137—Administration Series.]
An ordinance appropriating money to defray the
exjienditures of the Department ot Police for
the month of September, 1871.
Be it ordained, That the following sums, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, are hereby ap
propriated to defray the expenditures of the De
partment of Police for the month of September,
i87i, and that the Administrator ol Public Accounts
draw his warrants on the Admin isolator of Fi
nance in payment of the same:
administrator's office.
New Orleans Republican, printing ordi
nance No. 109b, 1'.*00 copies............. 10 00
CITY WOR£KmI>E.
Louisiana Ice Manufacturing Company.
ice................................. 15 OO
Joseph H. Wilson, dry goods for inmates'
c otLiog................................ 15 4*»
P. Buckley, milk, vegetables, etc......... 40 09
Visaid A Wilmuth. wood.................. 88 00
Barrett k Wiemann, hardware........... K# 90
J. McCatfrev k Co., forage................ 147 SI
Louis Ruch, fresh beet.................... 238 50
HOYS' Hors* OF RBFI JK.
Pickles ,!t Albers, carbolic acid........... II 50
Bairett k Wiemann. hardware, Oils, etc. 15
Barre Jacques, milk...................... 18 00
Mrs. C. Fleckinger, vegetables........... 4 r f»
Vizard k Wilmuth. wood,and charcoal.. '4
Louis Rucli, flesh beef.................... 215 09
Pack wood k Brothers, groceries and pro
visions................................ 277 G4
GIRL*' KorsK OF REFUOK.
Crescent Cifv Ice Company, ice.......... 9 00
Vizard Wilmuth, wood aud charcoal
furnished in July. lf*Tl................ 12 75
Vizard k Wilmuth. wood and charcoal
furnished in September, 1871........ 15 00
J. Nitsche, vegetables..................... 22 59
rrcLic SQUARES.
Barrett k Wiemann. hardware anil ml. 8 00
KKt HDSRs' COURTS.
First District
Albert Pittman, ice........................ 13 50
Sec01 d District
New Orleans Republican, blank book... 54 94
ibxth District—
B. C'ampl»e:l, expenses for conveying
prisoners to prison, etc.............. 16 39
pvblic pound*.
First District—
New Orleans Republican, advertising
pound notice.......................... »*0
James Wright, rent.................... 30 00
Second District
New Orleans Republican, advertising
pound notice.......................... 8 00
John R. Clay, rent...................... Gu
Third District—
New Orleans Republican, advertising
pound notice iu August 1811.......... 12 00
New Oiltans Republican, advertising
pound notice in September. 1871..... G 00
J. Simon, rent............................ 12 00
Fourth District—
James Coyle, rent............ 39 00
Fifth District
New Orleans Republican, advertising
pound notice.......................... 12
Charles Pillman, rent..................... 15 00
Sixth District—
New Orleans Republican, advertising
pound notice.......................... G 00
LIGBTINU CITY.
Jefferson Citv Gaslight Company, light
ing sixth District with gas........... !.5f9 GO
W. J. Behan, lighting city with oil....... 3,929 88
W. J. Behan, tor ten per cent retained011
cost of lighting hiteen hundred lamps
(luring the vear ending August 51,
1871, at $54 95 5,242 50
New Orleans Gaslight Company. lighting
city with gas............... 14,185 06
Total................................$22,437 30
Adoptsd by the Council of the city of New Or
leans. October lo. 1871.
Yeas: Cockrem, Shaw. De!as« ze. Remick. Lewis.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. CoyQrr.sT Clarkk, Secretary. ocl5 It
Mayoralty of Nkw Orleans,
City Hall, October 11, 1871.
[No. 1133—Administration Series. J
An ordinance appropriating money to defray the
expenditures ot tLe Department of Finance for
the month of September, 1871.
Be it oidained by the Council of the city of New
Orleans, That the following sunn of money, or so
much thereof as may lie necessary, aTe hereby ap
preprinted to defray the expenditures of t be De
partment of Finance for the month of September,
1871, and that the Administrator of Public Ac
counts draw his warrants on the Administrator of
Finance in payment of the same, viz:
New Orleans Bee, advertising in the months
of March. April, May, June. July and
Septembe r......................... 179 00
New Orleans Republican Printing Company,
advertising, printing, etc............... 44 00
To*al.......................................$223 00
Adopted by the Council of the city o! New Or
leans, October 10, 1871.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. Conquest Clarke, Secretary. or 15 It
GOVERNMENT COIN INTEREST.
United Statfs Treasury, i
New Orleans, October 14, 1871. f
T he interest coupons on united states
B« nds due Novt-inber 1 will be paid on pre
sentation at this office. with rebate ot interest to
October 24, inclusive, and without rebate thereaf
ter. CHARLES CLINTON.
iclS 18 22 25 _ Assistant Treasurer.
PROPOSALS.
Cvriru Commissioners Nkw Orleans Park.)
No. II Carondelet street^
New Orleans, September 27, 1871.
S EALED PROPOSALS, ADDRESSED TO "THE
President of the Board of Commissioners ot the
New Orleans Park/'will be receive 1 d at U11s office
daily (Sundays excepted), from 12 M. to l r. X.,
until October 27 1871; for the furnishing of all
terials and the construction ot a wire railing round
the City Park grounds, in the Sixth District of the
citj of »ew Oriuana according to the plana aud
specifications to ho t* 111
designated. ILLIAM G. BROWN,
se27 im Assistant Sec ret ary.
OFFICIAL NOTICES
PROPOSALS.
Papsaramrer or I»PKurKwrxT», i
Sew OTleans. October 12. 1S7L
S EALED PROPOSALS ADDRESSED TO THE CN
dursiirned will ho received at this office until
WEDNESDAY NOON, October 1«, 1471, for paring
with square block .tone Canal, Julia, Delord, Ram
part, aiid other rftre.-ts, in accordance with speci
fications on fiie in the office of the City Surveyor.
The work is divided into tiro parts, known as
contracts Nos. 1,2, 3, 4 and 5.
Eiils ro lie made for the whole.
The city reserves the right to reject any and
all bids.
All jstrties making proposals for this contract are
required to deposit with the Administrator of fi
nance, as evidence of their intention to abide by
the adjudication, the amount of twelve thousand
dollars in cash, which shall be forfeited to the city
ease of failure to sign the contract.
Bidders to whom contracts are not awarded shall
have their deposits returned to them on the day
adjudications are made.
No bid will be entertained nnless the certificate
of the Anrmnistrator of Finance is inclosed there
with, to the effect that the required cash deposit
has been made.
Bids must be made as set forth in specifications
and indorsed Proposals tor Paving. 1
oc!3 td JOHN COCKREM, Administrator.
REDEMPTION OF CITY BONDS*.
PgUARTaasT or Public Accounts, 1
New Orleans, September 30, 1871. t
N OTIC3 IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT UNDER
and :a pnrsuance of the acts of the Legisla
ture of the State relative to the consolidated debt
ot the city of Se t Orleans, the commissioners of
said debt will receive proposals until WEDNESDAY,
the first of November proximo, at twelve o'clock
M„ lor the sale to the city of consolidated bonds
to the amount of one hundred thousand dollars,
to be redeemed from the surplus of the consoli
dated loan tax. as required by law.
The bids will be indorsed 'Proposals lor sale of
consolidated bonds,' and addressed to lion. IS. P
Plunders, Mayor.
The commissioners shall have the light of re
jecting bids.
By order of the Board of Commissioners of the
Consolidated De d. ALFRED SHAW.
Administrator of Public Accounts.
ocl 12 24
NOTICE.
Dsr.uiTBE.-cr or Stats,
Washington, D. C. October 9, 1871.
I nformation has bkhn received at this
department, from Mr. Thomas Pitnum. tbe
consul of the United States at St. Helena, of the
death, «m the fifteenth of August last, at James
town, of GEORGE CONROY, a native of New Cl
eans. Louisiana. ncI5 It
PROPOSAL*.
S ealed separate pr*iposals addressed to
the President of the Louisiana Levee Company
will be received at tbe odli-e, No. 33 Carondeiot
street, until October 14,1E71. at 12 M., for the build
ing of levees according to plans anil specifications
to be seen at tbe office of tiie compauav.
Cubic yatda.
Poverty Point, Plaquemines parish about.... 2"
Legarde, Lafourche parish, about
20 001
50.0*0
Calanahese. St. about...
50.0*0
10.000
40.HOC
Calanahese. St. JainjMarish. about...
Pcirrhe. St. James pa^H. about........
La roix Ascension jJSnsb. about.....
New River, Ascension parish, abrat.......... GO.Wt'
White Castle. Iberville parish, about......... 19,000
Eureka. Iberville par.&h, abtut............... 10.0*0
Tally Ho, Iherviile parish. »bont............. 10.000
Evergreen, Ibervide parish, about............ '0,U0#
Point Manoir, West Down Rouge parish, about 6c 00*
Brady. West Baton Rouge parish, almut..... 25,00b
fiaks. West Baton Rouge parish, about.10,000
Pointe Coupee, Pointe Coupee pariah, about. 20,90b
Bayou Marine, Pointe Coupee parish, about.. 20 000
Slark's Bayou, Pointe Coupee pariah, about 6 J'bb
Stocket's Bayou. St. Landry parish, about... lb.OOO
Ye.low Bayou, Sl Landry larisli, about...... 10 000
The privilege of rejecting any and all biii3 will
be reserved by the company.
THOM S I. DIX, Secretary.
New Or'eat's. October 1.1ST!. ocl td
NOTICE.
ClTIL ShKKIFF*? OP7'ee,
New Orleans. Octolier 13.1371.
P EREMPTORY ORDERS FHOJI THE CITY AT
torney have been received at this office as re
gardsthe collection of city taxes tor 1969.
Delinquent taxpayers are herebv notified that
unless their taxes are paid at tins office bv Nov cm
her 1.1471, i shall proceed to seize, advertise and
sell all; roperties liable for au.ii taxes.
C. S. SAUVINF.7.
ncl4 17 20 24 27 31 civil Sheriff.
CANCELLATION OF BOND.
Stat* on Lour*:**!*, v
Executive Department.
New Orleans, September 19. 1S71.
TITHiiEKAS, APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADE
to me lor the cancellation of the offie.al
bond of Horace H. Meloon as Recorder of Con
veyances in and for Uie parish of Orleans, tow,;:
A bond dated AngustffE in the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars. Bigned by Horace H. Mu.-.on ar
principal and L. SI. Day and Thomas Jaunty ae
sureties, the said bond "being conditioned tor tie
faithful performance by the said Horace H
SItloon of ills duties as Recorder of Conveyances
aforesaid—
Notice is hereby given to all persons uteres ted
in the said bond to file their objections to the
cancellation thereof in writing in the office cf tne
Secretary of State, within ninety days a.'.tr the
last publication hereof.
Given under my hand and the seal of the -Tate
this nineteenth day of Septemiier, A. D.. 187!. and of
the independence of the United States the ninety
sixth.
By the Governor:
H. C WARiD T3.
F. J. Hfkru.v, Secretary of State pro tem.
se21 bit
CANCELLATION OF BOND.
ST.sT* op Lou:5:ass,
Executive Department,
New Orleans, September 2J, 71.3
■WTHEREAS, APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADE
FT to me for the cancellation of the official bond
of B. J. Montgomery, as Auctioneer in and for tiie
jiansh i f Orleans, to wit: A bond dated May 2b.
1869, :-i the sum of ten thousand dollars; sigucil by
B. J Montgomery as principal, aud William Barnes
I*. L. Shearer anil E. K. Converse as sureties; the
said bond being conditioned for the faithful t«et
forii-ince by the said B. J. Montgomery of hiB
duties as Auctioneer aforesaid.
Notice is hereby given to all persons interested ir
the said bonds to file their objections to tie an cel
lation thereof, in writing, in the office of ti e fecro
t-arv of State, within ninety days after the last pub
lication Leif of.
Given under my hand and the seal cf the State,
this twenty-ninth day of September A. D. 1-271. and uf
tiie independence of the United States the ninety
sixth.
By the Governor: H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. Faikuax, Assistant Secretary cf S:„ie.
ocl 3bt
POUND J^TICES.
of Pol:cb,
Orleans, Octolier It. 1871. S
W ERK BROUGHT TO THE SIXTH DISTRICT
Pound, on Jersey street, between Valence
atd Bordeaux—
('ne (1) Brown and White Spotted rnuley COW,
both rar» split, ar.d branded R. L." on tLe right
hip. and Vv." on the left hip.
Om* U) Brown aud White Spotted COTV,
eaT3 spilt, and branded "W." on the right h;p.
WL.eh, if not claimed withm fire days. hlJ the
expends thereon paid, will be sold* at pttbdc
auction at said pound, on WEDNESDAY, October
18, 1871, at twelve o'clock M.
JAMES LEWIS.
No. 91—oc13 td Administrator.
CONSTABLES^SALES.
P. Kriil vs. George Reid—I'irst Justice
Court for the palish of Orlettui,, No. f.ii
B y VIRTUE OK A WRIT OK KIERI KAClAS TO
me directed by the Hon. H. M. Dibble,
First Justice of the Peace in aud for the parish of
Orleans, I will proceed to sell at public auction, at
my warehouse, No. 139Juiia street, on MONDAY
October 16.1671, at twelve o'clock M.—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.
Seised in the above eutitled suit as ie r uven
tory on file in mv office.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
ocS 19 IS DANIEL CROWLE)^*BStub:e.
II. Durwnrd vs. Thomas
Jns'iee tourt for the parish of
214K.
B Y VIRTUS OF a WRIT OF F'ERI facias
to me directed by the Hon. II. M. Dibb.e
First Justice of the Peace in and tor the parish
of Orleans. will proceed to sell at public auei.on.
at No. 139 Julia street, on WEDNESDAY*. Oeto.Dei
25. 1371. at twelve o'clock M.—
ONE Bay mare mule.
Seized in the above entitled and nun: led suit.
Terms—Cash on flie spot.
0(15 19 20 DANIEL CROWLEY. Cor-U tble.
C. J. O'Hnrn vs. William Bmdlord-f ir«t
Jns'iee Couit for the parish ot Or.eaus, No
1269.
B Y VIRTUE OP A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS TO
me directed by the Hou. H. M. D.bi ie, r.ist
Justice of (he peace iu aud for the parish of Or
leats.I will proceed to sell at public auction, at
mv warehouse. No. 133 Juba street, on WEDNES
DAT. October 25. U71. at twelve ndock M.
a lot of household pckniturk.
Siezed in tbe above entitled and numVre J snit
as per inventory on file in my office.
Terms— Cash on the spot.
pcl'i 13 24 DANIEL CROWLEY*. Constable.
A. Kucht-renii Jk Co., Agents, vs. t eiia
Dixon— Third Justice Court fur tho parish o!
Orit-aus, No. 6641.
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OP FIERI FACIAS
to me directed bv the Hon. John P. Motif;,mat
Third Justice of the Peace in and for the par sh ol
Or>n,s. I will proceid to sell at public- auction,
on MONDAY. October 23, 1871,at 12M..atmv ware*
house. No. 35 Bienville struct, the follow do.
scribed prnpet'v to wit—
ONE LOT OF FURNITURE.
Seized iu the above entitled aud numbered sun
per inventory deposited at my office
T-nus— Caeh
ocl4 19 22
on 'he spot.
WILLIAM WEEKS, Cons
James E. Quinn va. Air.and Aire. Foss
Vo irt tor the paiist ofori
>o. 1666.
B Y VIRTUE OP a WRIT OP FIERI FACIA
are directed by the Hou. H. M. Dibble.
Justice of the Peace iu and for tbe parish ol
leans. I will proceed to sell at public arc
a* mv warehouse, No. 139 Julia streefi on Tl'Efi
October 24. 1B7). at 12 M
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.
S-ized in the above entitled and numbered i
■a per inventory on file in my office.
Term*—Cash bn the spot.
0ci4 19 34 DANIEL CROWLET. Cottstal