5 *w winmis gvpttuttnnK*
OFFICIAl^
•FFICIAL JOURNAL *BF NEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY REPUBLICAN
laaivanoe. Eikgto copies ten cents.
af Aimthtan
bt..
■•von...
Twelve..
Thirteen
■rntwa
1 mo.
I mo*.
3 mo*.
6 mo*.
11 mo*.
ettnet
#22 net
$30 net
e* 0 net
$75 set
22
38
50
80
IX
30
53
70
110
ITS
38
67
90
140
225
46
80
105
170
275
64
93
120
200
3X
HO
1(6
135.
230
375
65
115
ISO
260
430
70
125
165
290
460
75
136
180
320
500
80
145
195
350
540
85
155
210
380
580
90
165
220
410
620
95
175
230
430
680
loo
185
240
450
100
11*
330
450
750
1300
Monthly advertisements, Inserted every other
WSf, to be charged two-third* of the above rote*.
Second page monthly advertisement*, each square,
•Miper month.
Transient advertisements, having the ran of the
•■per, first insertion pi SO per square; each snbse
fiUent insertion seventy-five cents per square.
Second nee transient advertisements, each inaer
•an pi SO per square.
Advertisements inserted at intervals to he charged
as new each insertion.
■egnlar advertisers, who advertise largely, will
aa allowed such discount from above named tran
•ant rotes as may be agreed upon; provided, that
la no case shall such discount exceed twenty-five
par cent.
_AB bt stress notices of advertisements to be
twenty cents per line each insertion.
THE WEEKLY REPUBLICAN
la published every Saturday morning, and contains
tho news bv telegraph, miscellaneous reading, edi
torials, local matters of general public interest,
aaaunercial and monetary reports, spd everything
(Pst. anoesrs in the Daily, except such items as are
fif little or no public moment. The WEEKLY EE
POBLICAN is an excellent lismily paper, valuable
m well for instruction and amusement as inform*,
fim an the current topics of the day.
Tense sf Subscription.
One year. pJ; six months, pfi SO.
AdverdseMits,
Transient advertisements same term* as in the
■Mir. Monthly advertisement* inserted for one
finazth of the daily rates.
A liberal commission allowed to those who send
Malabo of five or more.
The Bawldas Adultery Cue—A Men
Trial.
Salt Lake. October 81. —The court was
occupied all day with the Hawkins adultery
case. The cross-examination of Mrs. Haw
kins elicited nothing materially new. Sbe
testified that Hawkms gave no reason for
taking other women for wives, except that
■be had had her day, and it was proper he
should have some one else. She said she
had borne him seven children at the time he
took another wife. The defense offered no
testimony, except to prove the marriage of
Hawkins with the second and third wife.
General Maxwell spoke for the prosecu
tion, and, assuming that the defense would
rest upon plural marriage as being part of
a religious iaith, argued that polvgamy was
in direct violation of both ecclesiastical
and common law. Fitch concluded at a
late hour for the defense: he concluded that
Hawkins, being a Mormon, had no intention
of committing a crime, and intention was
essential to conviction: that there was no
law against polygamy when he took the
second wife, and he could not he guilty of
adultery because he was legally married to
one woman according to the usages and
customs of the Mormon church. United
States Attorney Casken will sum up this
evening, after which the case will go to the
jury. A number of additional arrests for
lascivious co-habitation have been made.
habsisriit
Enter*
Cable—Northwestern
prise.
Milwaukee, October 21.—The produce
men and bankers here are agitating the
question of a submarine cable across Lake
Michigan, to open a new route to Michigan
and Canada, and an investigating com
mittee has been appointed to confer with
telegraph companies, and ascertain the facte
required in regard to the practicability of
■uch a movement. The Englemann trans
portation company has offered to lay the
cable free of expense. The object of this
movement is to have two lines of commnni
cation, so that if one fails, as in the case of
the Chicago line daring the fire, or by
storms, there will be another route open for
business. It is thought that the increase of
business in the Northwest and Southwest
will keep both routes fully occupied. The
Canadians here are urging the project with
great vigor.
Dairy farming in the far West is an
occupation which oilers great inducements
to tanners having hat little capital. A
man who went to Hall county, Nebraska,
and took a homestead, in the spring of
1869 bought twenty-six cows on credit, and
went to making batter and cheese. In
July last, besides supporting his family, be
had built and paid for a barn, was out of
debt, and owned twenty cows, twenty two
year-olds, fifteen yearlings, and twenty
three calves—to say nothing of six head of
cattle that he had given to a daughter for a
marriage portion. A man near Cheyenne,
Wyoming, started the dairy business in the
spring of 1868 by milking five cows and
carrying the milk on foot to hie customers.
In the tall of 1869 he was milking fifty-two
cows, all bought from the profits of the
business started on so small a scale, and in
1870 he was milking eighty-five cows. For
dairy purposes the wild native grasses of
those regions are pronounced fully equal to
the richest clover or blue grass.
David H. Taylor, for many years a resi
dent of New Orleans, died at Lynn, Massa
chusetts, on the eleventh instant. His age
was fifty-eight years and six months. The
Picayune says:
Mr. Taylor was well known here in for
mer years as a merchant, and more
especially as one of the firm of Taylor
Hadden, wholesale dealers in boots and
shoes, and doing a very extensive and
ilourisb ing business. He was universally
respected, and very many old friends here
and in the Southwest will he saddened by
the news of his death.
At Union City, Tennessee, last Satur
day night, while the passengers of the Mo
bile and Ohio railroad ware at supper, three
men jumped on the engine and ran the
train back on the track for two miles, while
two other men entered the express car and
robbed the safe of about one thousand dol
1«5- Jhe messenger was at supper, and
had left one man on guard, who was over
powered by the robbers. The thieves
escaped. _ _
X J^tndon dispatch, of the twentieth,
Bays:
The Tieliborne case reopens early in No
vember. It is stated that the counsel's in
vestigation* during the recess have devel
oped a series of important tacts, which will
he brought up in evidence, and probably
greatly influence the final decision.
The Donaldsonville Chief contributes this
sugar item:
Thirteen hogsheads of new first quality
sngar were shipped on the St. John, from
the St. James estate, on the sixteenth in
stant. The cane on this plantation is yield
ing a hogshead and a half to the acre.
The Baton. Rouge Sugar Planter says of
the Mississippi:
The river is unusually low, and has been
In that condition for a long time. The
water is as clear as the Ohio, and as pass
ing steamers plow through it the foam is as
white as snow. Some of our old folks say
they have not seen a similar sight for many
veers. While the water continues at this
tags we may still look for caves in our
avee*. _ _
The Lafayette Advertiser says:
Our cotton fields are perfectly white, and
i| ery one is using his utmost endeavors to
.tber his cotton daring the delightful
rather we are now being blessed with;
*ct, unfortunately, the cotton picking will
i* t last long, owing to serious damages
ised by the storms and the caterpillars.
V t *a estimated that less than half-a crop of
j; 'on will be made in the parish.
CITY CQ TOCTL-rO mCIAfr
regular Meeting.
Citt Hail, Haw Orlxans,
Tuesday, October *4, 1811.
Comaianicatipas from the Mayer.
Matoraltt or New Orleans,
October 24,1871.
To tbe City Council of Kew Orleans:
On the ninth ot October the ship George
Hurlbut arrived here from New York, con
signed to Thorndike, Norton A Co., having
on board three hundred cases of Union
torjiedoes. About two hundred and fifty
cases were discharged and piled on the
wharf alongside the ship. On the nine
teenth instant a dray load of these tor
does exploded in the street opposite the
French market, killing one man and in
flicting bodily injuries upon several others.
Tbe police were immediately advised not
to allow any more of these torpedoes to be
carried through the streets, and subse
quently I issued the following letter to the
parties in interest:
JUtoraltt or X«» Orleans, 1
October 21, 1871.
Captain Mason of ship Hurlbut; Messrs. Thorn
dike Norton, agents: Mr. Morris McGraw and
Mr. Uoldaniidt:
After a careful investigation I have be
come convinced that the lives and property
of the citizens of New Orleans wfll be se
rely protected from the torpedoes lately
arrived by ship Hurlbut, and now lying on
the wharf of the city and on a dray con
tiguous thereto, only by the removal or de
struction of the said torpedoes.
1 on, and all parties interested in the
aoove mentioned dangerous articles, are
therefore hereby notified to remove the
same within twenty-four hours, in such
manner as not to endanger the public
safety, the removal to be made by water,
ucdei the superintendence of the police,
and none ot tbe torpedoes to be hauled
through the streets of the city. On your
failure to comply with this order within the
term specified, I shall proceed to remove or
destroy the tnr]iedoes at vour expense.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
No notice being taken of this communica
tion the police were directed to destroy the
torpedoes, which lia6 been done, with the
assistance of the Fire Department. I ask
that my action be approved.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
The report was received, and on motion
of Mr. Remiek, seconded by Mr. Lewis, the
action of the Mayor was approved.
By the Mayor and Administrator of Fi
nance:
New .Orleans, October 24, 1871
To the City Council of New Orleans:
Among the claims referred to the Mayor
and Administrator of Finance by ordinance
No. 1093. Administration series, were the
following for legal service# stated to have
been rendered in the litigation between the
Board of Drainage Commissioners and the
Ship Island Canal Company
Warrant of the Board of Commissioners
of the first drainage district, No. 352, Mav
18,1871, in favor of James D. Hill, on tb*e
treasurer of the board for five thousand
dollars, signed N. E. Bailey, president, and
L. Laroque, secretary, per resolution No.
152, authorizing this payment for services
as^attorney of the board to May 18,1671,
Bill of Fellows Mills for fees in suits
contradictorily with Ship Island Canal
Company, dated March 1, 1870, approved
by Muses Eastman, superintendent, and J.
Gubernator, chairman pro tempore of
finance committee; the latter's approval
subsequently erased, $500. Same parties,
for balance of retainer in same suits,
foOO. And for balance of fees in same
suits, $1000.
Bill of C. Koselius. dated March, 1871,
for salary as attorney of board for 1868,
1869 and 1870. at $500 per annum, $1500.
And balance of fee for services contradic
torily with Ship Island Canal Company,
both items approved by Moses Eastman,
superintendent, and J. L. Gubernator,
chairman pro tern, finance committee—the
latter's signature subsequently removed,
1000
Bill of Alexander Walker, dated May
9,1871, for services in suits contradictorily
with Ship Island Canal Company and B.
Bloomfield, in Fifth. Seventh and Eighth
District Courts, and in the Supreme Court,
and with Lockwood k Brott, in Sixth Dis
tnctCourt, and before Recorder Houghton,
As each of these claimants assert that
the services rendered (whatever those ser
vices were), were rendered principally by
themselves, we are unable to decide to
whom to award the fees, or whether any
should be awarded to them. We therefore
reject all the claims, and recommend that
the claimants be left to establish their
rights against the city, if any thev have, in
the courts.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS,
Mavor.
JOHN S. WALTON.
Administrator of Finance.
Received and adopted.
The Mayor laid before the Council a com
munication from the Governor with regard
to the levees and the Levee Company, which
was referred to the Administrator of Im
provements.
A communication from the City Attor
ney, announcing the retaining of Mr. W.
H. Pec kb am. of New York, to defend the
city in tbe suit of the New York Mail
Steamship Company, in the Supreme Court
of the United States, was read and referred
to the Administrator of Public Accounts.
Financial Business.
By Mr. Shaw
An ordinance providing for the payment of
the several accounts therein named.
Be it ordained. That the following appro
priations be and are hereby made, and that
the Administrator of Public Accounts war
rant on tbe Administrator of Finance in
payment of the same:
C. Tyler, coal, $1859.
E. L. Cope, towing nuisance boats,
$217 54.
E. L. Cope, ten per cent retained on con
tract, $467 72.
Approved by the Administrator of Im
provements.
Read twice and laid over.
By Mr. Shaw:
An ordinance providing for the payment
of the several accounts therein named.
Be it ordained. That the following appro
priations be and are hereby made, and that
the Administrator of Public Accounts war
rant on the Administrator of Finance in
payment of the same:
New Orleans Times, tor advertisements
for the Department of Public Accounts,
approved, $15 90.
C. S. Sauvinet, Civil Sheriff, for addi
tional commission for tax bills collected for
1866 and 1817, $34 77.
T. O. Stark, copy of lease, approved by
the Mayor, $6.
F. O. Abbot, coroner's certificates, ap
proved, $10.
Adopted.
By Mr. Shaw:
An ordinance providing for the paytoent of
the several accounts therein nafried.
Be it ordained, That the following appro
priations be and are hereby made, and that
the Administrator of Public Accounts war
rant on the Administrator 'of Finance in
payment of the same:
Firemen's Charitable Association, for ser
vices rendered in the. month of October.
1871, as per contract, $10,000.
Firemen's Charitable Association, Sixth
District, for tbe month of October, 1871, as
|erordinance No. 781. Administration series.
Read twice and laid over.
By Mr. Shaw:
An ordinance relative to appropriation cer
tificates.
Be it ordained by the Council of the city
of New Orleans, That the city agrees to
take its appropriation certificates of the
6 resent year for all taxes not required to
e reserved by the Administrator of Finance
for interest upon the bonded debt, and for
licensee in full, whether now doe, or for
the remainder of the year 1871, or to he
taken out for tbe year 1872; and that the
eity will continue' to Ad so Until the wbole
issue of the present year be paid or ab
sorbed.
Sec. 2. Be it farther ordained, etc., That
in receiving appropriation certificates for
taxes the Administrator of Finance shall
mark on each certificate tbe number of the
tax hill or account for or upon which tbe
same is received. If there be several bills
or accounts settled for at the same time, all
shall be marked or noted by number on
each certificate used in the transaction.
Tbe Administrator of Finance shall return
the certificates, so taken in payment, daily
to the Administrator of Public Accounts,
who shall cancel the same and issue his
warrant therefor. Shonld any certificate
too great in amount be offered, the Admin
istrator of Finance shall, in additien to the
foregoing, enter thereon the name of the
holder and tbe amount so taken or ac
cepted in payment, and return the same in
like manner to the Administrator of Public
Accounts, who shall, within twenty-four
hours, prepare for delivery to the holder
on demand a duplicate for the surplus due
him on the same.
Read twice and laid over.
By Mr. Shaw:
An ordinance providing for the payment of
the several accounts and pay rolls therein
named.
Be it ordained, That the following appro
priations be and are hereby made, and that
the Administrator of Public Accounts war
rant on the Administrator of Finance in
poyment of the same (pay rolls):
Officers, clerks and employee in the De
R artment of Water work's and Public
luildings, .viz:
General office...................... $333 35
Waterworks office.................. 1411 65
Waterworks proper................ 920 00
Insane Asylum.......... 470 00
Courthouses........................ 200 00
Home of Aged and Infirm......... 50 00
Home of Aged and Infirm......... 50 00
Total..........................$3385 00
Officers, clerks aud employes in
the Department of Public Ac
counts...........................$2566 65
Officers, clerks and employes in the Depart
ment of Police, viz:
Administrator's office..............
City Workhonse...................
Public pounds.....................
City cemeteries....................
Public squares.....................
Boys' House of Refuge.............
Girls' House of Refuge.............
Burying dead and conveying sick
to hospital....................... 100 00
Recorders' Courts.................. 3059 98
$350 00
608 31
399 96
30 00
266 00
445 00
75 00
Total.'.........................$5334 25
George E. Paris, services as keeper
of archives....................... 150 00
Clarendon Davisson, for services
as Librarian..................... 150 00
Mary Davisson, for services as
Assistant Librarian.............. 50 00
H. Conqnest Clarke, for services
as Secretary of Council......... 150 00
Sanitary Inspectors, City Physi
cians. etc........................ 850 00
H. F. Bond, for adjusting accounts,
during the month of October..... 125 00
Officers, clerks and employes in the
Department of Commerce........ 3066 65
W. T. Mayo, for services during
the month of October, examin
ing drainage hills................ 200 00
L. Laroque, for same.............. 125 00
C. De L'Isle. surveyor third drain
age district, salary for October... 150 00
Officers, clerks and employes in the De
partment of Improvements, viz:
Department proper................ $416 (7
Bureau of Wharves and Landings.. 4/0 00
Bureau of Streets.................. 30i6 66
Bureau of City Drainage........... 125 00
Surveyor's Department............ 1J91 66
Total..........................$5219 99
Officers, clerks and employes in the
Department of Assessments..... 3341 58
Officers, clerks and employee in
the Department of Finance....... 1883 35
Officers, clerks and employes in
the office of the City Attorney 1908 30
Officers, clerks and employes'in the office
of the Mayor, viz:
Mayor's office...................... $885 00
City Council....................... 125 00
City Hall building................. 255 00
Total,.........................$1265 00
Salaries of the Mayor and Adminis
trators...........................$4125 00
Read twice and laid over.
Mr. Shaw called up on final passage
claims of J. Root. $624 34, and Spencer
Field, $1419, which were adopted.
Claims of J. Chapus, $44; M. M. Samuels,
$642, $118, $72; J. Chapus. $45; J. Chapas,
$246; Charles A. Meyers, $86; A. Hero, Jr.'
$86. and G. P. Fernald, $278 80, were
passed.
General Business.
By Mr. Shaw:
An ordinance granting the right of wav for
a railroad in the First, Second and Third
Districts.
Be it ordained, etc., That the Mayor of
the city of New Orleans be and he is hereby
authorized and empowered to enter into
contract with -lor the right of way
to establish a city railroad as followe:
With the consent of tbe St. Charles street
railroad, the line to commence on Delord
street, at a point between Tivoli circle and
Carondelet street, running down to Car
ondelet street, thence along the line of
the St. Charles Street Railroad Company
down to Canal street: thence a new line, a
single track across Canal street into Bour
bon, down Bourbon to Esplanade, up
Esplanade, along the neutral ground, to
Royal, down Royal to Frenchmen, dowD
Frenchmen to Josephine (Third District),
up Josephine to Bagatelle, up Bagatelle to
Bourbon, up Bourbon, along the single
track (provided with two switches or turn
offs, one at the intersection of St. Philip
street, and another at St. Louis street) up
to Canal; thence up Canal, along the track
of the above named St. Charles Street Rail
road Company, to St. Charles, up St
Charles, with a switch to circumvent the
cars stationed near the corner of St. Charles
and Canal streets, to the Tivoli circle, and
down to the point of departure on Delord
street.
And should the said contractors fail to ob
tain the necessary consent of tbe St.
Charles Street Railroad Company, then tbe
line to commence at or near the Iron
building, at the head of Canal street,
down to Bourbon street, along the main
trunk line, and on its return from Bour
bon street up Canal along the said main
trunk line, to the point of departure, and
subject to the conditions provided in article
865 of Leovy and Luzenberg's Revised
Laws and Ordinances of the city of New
Orleans, 1870, creating the said main
trunk line.
Also the right of way of laying a branch
line commencing as above, and from a point
at the junction of Bourbon and Bagatelle
streets, coursing down History or Kerlerec
street to Bayou road, into Dorgenois
to the Fair Grounds opposite the main en
trance; thence up Gentllly road to Lapey
rouse street; up Lapeyrouse street to Clai
borne; thence up St. Bernard avenue to
Maras (or St. Claude), down to Bagatelle;
np Bagatelle to Bourbon, and thence up to
the starting point of the main line.
All new tracks to be single, with the ex
ception of the three switches or turn off's
heretofore recited.
Sec. 2. The privileges of the right of way
for said contractors shall be for twenty
five years; the said railroad cars and fix
tures shall revert to the city at the expira
tion of the contract, on a valuation to he
ascertained by two disinterested persons,
one to he appointed by said contractors
and the other by the city; and in the event
of a disagreement as to said valuation be
tween the parties thus appointed, a third
party or umpire shall be appointed by one
of the district courts; the decision thereby
had to be final.
Sec. 3. The rails to be used in the con
struction of the roads to he of the same
pattern as those now in use by the City
Railroad Company.
Sec. 4. The cars to he of the most ap
proved patter*, and to seat at least nine
perectos on 'Caich side.
Sec. 5. The cars to run at interval# of not
less than five minutes from daylight until
ten o'clock F. M., and every fifteen minutes
tuftflqnidnight, and every hoar after mid
each way.
6L The rate of speed te be at least
six miles per hour, each car to have a promi
nent light in front, a bell on each horse or
~T i* l' II
mm
male, and each car to be cloaed in front to
prevent entrance or exit except-from tbe
rear.
Sec. 7. The rate of fare from one terminus
to the other not to exceed five cents for
each passenger.
Sec. 8. The work on the road to he com
menced within-months from the sign
ing of the contract, the City Surveyor to
furnish the necessary lines and levels and
to give in his specifications full directions
how tbe work shall be done and the kind of
material to be used, the entire construction
to be supervised by the City Surveyor until
k is fully completed.
Sec. 9. The streets through which the road
tbe work
fully complete
e streets tnrouL
shall be constructed to be kept in good re
pair, during tbe continuance of tbe lease, at
the expense of the contractors of the road.
Sec. 10. The- city of New Orleans shall
not be responsible for any work or material
furnished for the road, and everv outlay or
expense thereon to be borne by the con
tractors.
Sec. 11. That the said contractors shall
pay to the city-for each passenger con
veyed by said contractors on their lines,
payable monthly into the city treasury on
returns made under oath by the contractors
to tbe Administrator of Accounts.
Sec. 12. That tor and in consideration of
the pro rata payment on each passenger
fare, tbe contractors shall be exempt from
all city taxation upon the value of the
track, rolling stock, equipments and depots.
Ordered printed, and referred to the Ad
ministrator of Commerce.
By Mr. Cockrem:
Department or Improvements. i
October 23,1871.
To tlie City Council of Xew Orleans:
In view of the large outlay required to
cnlvert Canal street canal, the undersigned
member of the Committee on Drainage
recommends that a canal be cat along the
northeast side of the New canal, commenc
ing.at Galvez street and extending out to
St. Patrick street, the earth excavated from
said canal to be placed npon the southwest
side of the canal, so as to form a protection
levee against the high waters of the New
canal; the whole work to be executed out
side the. property lines of the New Canal
Company.
When completed, tbe Canal street canal
to he filled up for the entire length. Also,
to'Cxtend tbe present drain along the upper
side of Canal Carondelet, from Galvez
street into Claiborne, to receive the sewage
from the drain in Claiborne street, between
Canal and Tonlonse streets.
The cost of cnl verting Canal street canal
would he about $245,000: ot digging pro
posed canal about $50,000, and of filling
Canal street canal about $35,000.
JOHN COCKREM,
Administrator of lmprovementa and Mem
ber of Drainage Committee.
At the suggestion of Mr. Cockrem, the
report was laid over to be printed, to give
the other two members of the drainage
committee, tbe Mayor and Administrator of
Finance, an opportunity of looking into the
matter.
By Mr. Cockrem:
Peparteent or Improvements,
October 23, io71. 5
To the City Council of New Orleans:
The undersigned respectfully submits the
following bids, received in answer to the
advertisement inviting "Proposals for
Paving:"
For square block paving, including the gut
ter stones, per superficial foot:
John Coleman Son...............$7 29
John D. Fitz Co.................. 7 15
C. J. Fayssoux...................... 7 20
Curb stones taken up and relaid, per run
ning foot:
John Coleman Son............... 42
John D. Fitz Co.................. 45
C. J. Fayssoux...................... 40
New curb stones furnished and laid, per
superficial foot:
John Coleman Co................ 1 26
John D. Fitz A Co.................. 1 15
C. J. Fayssoux Co................ 1 20
For each cast iron bridge top furnished and
laid complete:
John Coleman A Co...............451 00
John D. Fitz A Co.................450 00
C. J. Fayssoux.....................445 00
And tbe bid of John D. Fits A Co. being
the lowest, it is recommended that tbe ac
companying resolution be adopted, adjudi
cating the contract to said Fitz A Co.
JOHN COCKREM. Administrator.
Revolted, That the proposal of John D.
Fitz A Co., for paving, with square block
stone, Canal, Julia, Delord, Rampart and
other streets, in accordance with specifica
tions on file in tbe office of the City Sur
veyor, at $7 15 for square block paving, in
cluding the gutter stones per superficial
yard; forty-five cents for curb stones, taken
up and relaid, per running foot: $1 15 for
new curb stones, furnished and laid, per
superficial foot: and $450 for each cast iron
bridge top furnished and laid complete, he
and the same is hereby accepted, and the
Mayor authorized to enter into contract on
behalf of the city, per notarial act before
the City Notary, for the faithful perform
ance of the same: securities to the amount
of $100,000 to be furnished to the satisfac
tion ot tbe Mayor and Administrator of
Improvements. Payment of city's portion
to be made in improvement bonds at the
rate of seventy-five cents on the dollar.
Laid over to be printed.
The Algiers Gaslight Company.
Mr. Shaw said there was an ordinance
conferring certain privileges on the Al
giers Gaslight Company, which had been
referred to him on account of some little
technicalities raised by himself, and which
he now thought not very material. He
had raised this point because he had not
had time to study the matter; hut he now
thought the adoption of the ordinance
would be about the shortest way to get
gas into Algiers.
Mr. Lewis moved that the ordinance do
now pass.
The Mayor called Mr. Bonzano to the
chair and took the floor. He said: As no
one seems to object to this ordinance, and
as I do not wish to come in afterward with
my objections in another form, I desire to
state a few points for the consideration of
the Council. This ordinance gives to this
company a lease or contract for twenty
years, and makes it exclusive. The ob
jection to giving it a right for twenty
years is not so great as the objection to
giving it an exclusive right to furnish
light for that length of time at a specified
price. There is no greater embarrassment
on this Council than the long contracts we
have to deal with compelling the city to
pay a certain price long ago stipulated, and
leaving it no other means of carrying on
the works contracted for, and no means
of dispensing with the contracts en
tered into If we were to give
this company the right to put down
its works, and the exclusive privilege for
five years, it would have all the rights
any reasonable person could want. Nobody
could compete with it unless its
monopoly was manifestly to the public
injury. Then as to the amount of work the
company is to do, the ordinance leaves it
indefinite. It says it shall do as much
work and as rapidly as the wants of the
city may require. Who is to determine
that l The comp any. And it will not send
out its gas lamps one street beyond where
it can get its money hack for every lamp
put up. It will he the same with gas as it
was with water when onr Waterworks were
in the hands of the Commercial Bank. The
director* would not carry the waterworks
into any street or square where they could
not obtain any immediate return for their
outlay with interest, though all this tiine
the works were paying largely in the more
densely populated parts of the city.
Mr. Lewis wished the Mayor would con
fine himself to the question. It was gas
that was being discussed, not water.
The Mayor: I certainly think, Mr. Pres
ident, I am fully in the line ot argument in
referring to the waterworks aa an illtutra
tion of what will he the result of adopting
this gaa ordinance. Than the price this
eampahy'is to charge Is to"be tW ffrioe
now charged by the New Orleans Gaslight
Company. We know well that in the
course of twenty years, with the advances
of science and mechanios, the cost of sup
plies of this kind diminishes! Yet the city
is to have no advantage from any improved
apparatus that may be brought out, but
these parties are to have the right to charge
for twenty years the priees now charged by
tbe New Orleans Gaslight Company. I take
that to be exceedingly unwise and im
provident legislation. There are many
other objections I have to this ordinance,
bnt thefe is one objection which I shall
enter here and make general. 1 hold that
all contracts of this description should be
put up to public auction, and that all fran
chises given by the city shor'd be put up to
the highest bidder. If you give away your
gas, and your waterworks, and your rail
roads, what have you left My idea is that
the city will never get ont of its difficulties
while it gives away these franchises and
these privileges, which can be held to ad
vantage.
Mr. Lewis: I beg leave to differ some
what with the Mayor in regard to this con
tract. As to the location of the pipes and
the erection of gas posts, I have put every
safeguard around the city's interests.. The
Jefferson City Gaslight Company to-day is
extending its lamps, and the city has no
control to prevent their patting them
wherever they think proper. That is differ
ent under this contract; the Council have
some control over the laying of the pipes.
If they desire that the lamp posts shall only
be put on the streets fronting the river,
they will order them to be placed there; if
on the second, third, fourth or fifth street,
the comitany will be compelled to put them
tliere. The Jefferson City company light
according to the moon, but this contract is
similar to that of the New Orleans Gaslight
Company, and the residents will have gas
all night, moon or no moon, and in case of
failure, a fine of one dollar a lamp for each
lamp is imposed. The Mayor objects to the
price. I am willing to strike out the word
"now" paid to the New Orleans company,
if he pleases, and make it the price that
may be paid to them at any future time.
The making contracts for gas devolving on
my department, I have had this ordinance
printed, and have been willing to receive
suggestions for amendment, bnt have heard
none till now, when the ordinance is called
up on final passage. The Mayor says put
it up to the highest bidder. I have no ob
jection. There is a proposition for a street
railroad which has come before us to-night.
Let ns put that up also to the highest bid
der. Bnt the people over in Algiers want
gas. They pav taxes, and are entitled to it.
The Mayor: I will state the history of
this matter. These gentlemen went before
our Legislature a year and a half or so ago
and got a charter, with all the privileges
now granted, and more given to them ex.
clusively. But there was some difficulty
abont the matter, and they thought it
necessary to get the Council to adopt this
contract.
Mr. Delassize explained that it was from
Delassize explained that it was from
the police jury of Algiers and not the Legis
lature that the grant was obtained.
The Mayor: Well, the police jury granted
them privileges similar to these. Then
they came in here for onr concurrence, and
the matter was referred to me, whereupon
I called upon the grantees and made the
very same objections I have been urging
now. I proposed changes in the ordinance,
hut that did not give them advantages
enough. 1 then proposed tbe charter should
he put up at auction. They did not like
that. They wanted to have this Counci 1
give them something, and did not desire
to compete in open market. This is the
vice of all our legislation: it is all wrong.
The gentleman asks why amendments were
not proposed. He is well aware the Mayor
has no right to move amendments. I have
suggested the points I now urge to the Ad
ministrator and to the parties concerned,
hut to no purpose.
Mr. Lewis suggested that the ordinance
be referred to the Mayor with power.
The Mayor remarked that he desired
no such "power."
Mr. Shaw expressed the opinion that the
Mayor had the right to offer amendments
though he had not the right te vote.
The Mayor said that if the Conncil would
lay the ordinance over for one week, he
would make such suggestions as be thought
shonld be embraced in the ordinance. The
Administrator of Police bad instanced the
the Jefferson City contract. That contract
was an outrage on the city, and it was to
avoid the repetition of such a contract that
he opposed tLis ordinance in its present
shape.
Mr. Shaw said this selling of privileges
and franchises could not be extended to all
things. The Council had no right to sell
the elements—no right to sell light or water,
and an ordinance deriving one dollar reve
nue from such a source would he null and
void.
The ordinance was laid over for a week,
to allow the Mayor to suggest amendments.
Petitions, Etc.
Mr. Lewis presented the following peti
tion, which was ordered received and
printed:
Office or the Recorder opthb ForRTH District, i
New Orleans, October 19,1871. J
Hon. James Lewis, Administrator of Police:
I have the honor to respectfully represent
that the Grand Jury for tbe parish of Or
leans presented this day to the honorable
the First District Court an indictment,
wherein I am charged with oppression in
office, alleging that I reinstated for exa
mination tne case of a person charged be
fore me with tbe crime of larceny after I
had dismissed the same.
I respectfully request yon to take snch ac
tion as will secure the appointment of a
committee of the honorable the City Coun
cil to investigate the matter.
ALFRED E. BILLINGS,
Recorder.
A petition of owners of oyster pirogues
for a landing was referred to the Adminis
trator of Commerce.
A judgment of A. Samuels against A. H.
McArthur was referred to the Administrator
of Accounts.
A remonstrance against the square block
paving of Peters street was referred to the
Administrator of Improvements.
A petition of T. H. Flecker was referred
to the Administrator of Police.
A petition of Louis Ruch for an advance
on his beef contract, on account of depre
ciation of the city's credit, was referred to
the Administrator of Accounts.
A petition for the digging of gutters from
Josephine to Claiborne street was referred
to the Administrator of Improvements, as
was also a communication from the Board
of Health, with regard to drainage canals.
A proposal of Dr. Anfonx for tbe exclu
sive treatment of small-pox patients was re
ferred to the Administrators of Police and
Public Buildings.
A petition of citizen* for a fire alarm box
corner Customhouse and Royal street* was
referred to the Adininittrator of Police.
A petition for letting tho repairs of
To
refhfred to Thfe A flriiWrtT ator ofl m proni
mente. _ Jl _
Frenchmen street to a specified firm was
Storage of Coal (ML
Mr. Lewi* presented a petition, with
nearly five thousand signatures, calling for
restrictions on the storage of coal oil, and
in connection therewith offered the follow
ing amended ordinance:
An ordinance relative to the storage, keep
ing, refining, manufacturing, sale and
disposal ot petroleum, ana other in
flammable oils and commodities.
Be it ordained by the Conncil of the city
New Orleans, That it shall bfe unlawful,
except as provided for in this ordinance,
of New Orleans, that it shall bfe
for any person or persons, in his or their
own right, or in behalf of another, to store
or keep to manufacture, refine or mix, or to
cause, permit or suffer to be stored or kept,
manufactured, refined or mixed, within the
corporate limits of the city of Now Or
leans, in _ any warehouse, hnilding, tene
ment, or in any yard or street, or on the
banquette or sidewalks thereof, or in any
one locality in said city, in .a quantity ex
ceeding five barrels, or twenty or five
gallons each, any camphene, dangerous, in
flammable or burning fluid, or any pro
ducts by distillatiopn of coal, petr oleum or
rock oil, asphaltnm or shale of peat, known
under the various names of naphtha, kero
sene, benzine or benzole, or any illuminat
ing oils of any kind or nature whatsoever.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained, etc.. That
any person or persons, desiring to store or
keep for sale, or otherwise, or to manufac
ture, refine or mix, in any one locality with
in the corporate limits of the o»ty of New
Orleans, any of the fluids, products, oils, or
any ot the other commodities or articles
mentioned and set forth in the first section
ot this ordinance, in a quantity exceeding
five barrels, or one hundred gallons, shall
caimo the building, premises or locality in
which said fluids, products, oils, or otbey
commodities or articles are designated to be
stored, kept, sold, manufactured, refined,
mixed, or otherwise need or disposed af, to
be actually surveyed and inspected by the
chief of the fire department of the city of
building, premises or locality, by him aetn
ally inspected and specifically described in
tbe certificate, has and cnotaina suitable
iron tanks, levees, excavations, or earth em
bankments, to prevent the overflow or
eeeape of any ot the fluids, products, oils,
or commodities referred to in this ordinance,
and that the contemplated use of the in
spected premises will not endanger the ad
joining or other premises, in the event of
accident or fire.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained, etc., That
the certificate of survey and inspection, re
ferred to in the second eectiou of tout ordi
nance, shall be returned to the Mayor; and
upon hia approval thereof the Mayor is here
by authorized to issue a certificate, in which
shall be expressed the name of th* person
or persons to whom the said certificate is
granted, and whether he ar they are per
mitted to store and keep for sale or other
wise, or to manufacture, refine or mix any
of the articles or commodities embraced by
this ordinance, or all of them, or both, to
gether with a description of the locality,
building or part of the specified hnilding;
and in said certificate shall also be ex
pressed any limitation upon the quantity of
such articles, or any of them, which may be
stored, kept, manulactured, refined or
mixed, and upon the manner of manufac
turing, refining, mixing, storing, or keeping
the some, which the Mayor may in any case
see lit to impose; and any person so licensed
may store or keep, or manufacture, refine or
mix said articles, or any of them, within the
terms ot his certificate, either on hia own
account or on the account of any other
person.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained, etc., That
every person^or persons, holding the certifi
ihall be compelled
cate aforesaid, shall be compelled to have
the same hung in some open and convenient
spot, at the place where the business cov
ered by the said certificate is carried on, so
that the same may, at any time daring
business hours, be seen and inspected; and
every person holding such certificate shall
permit the Administrator of Police, by him
self or his agent, tbe Superintendent of Po
lice, the Chief Engineer ot the Fire De
partment, or any person or persons desig
nated by the Mayor, to enter the premises
described in the certificate and make such
examination, and take snch samples aa may
be deemed expedient by such party.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained, ate., That
no certificate shall be granted for manufac
remises
turing, refining, mixing, storing or keeping
said articles, or any of ibem, upon any al
ley, street, banquette, sidewalk or wharf,
within the corporate limits of the city, nor
in any part of a building occupied in whole
or in part as a dwelling house, nor upon the
floor of any building above the fret floor.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained, etc., That
any and every person guilty of a violation
of thia ordinance shall be subject to the
payment of a fine, not to exceed one hun
dred dollars, for each and every contraven
tion, and to imprisonment for a period not
to exceed one month.
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained, etc., That any
and every snch person who shall be guilty of
a violation of this ordinance as hereinbefore
set lortli, and shall continue in such con
travention for four and twenty hours, shall
be considered as guilty of a further viola
tion of the ordinance, a'nd shall be subject
to the payment of a fine and punishment
hereinabove set forth for each and every
twenty-four hours daring which the ordi
nance is violated or contravened.
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained, etc., That
this ordinance shall take effect from and
after the first day of December, 1871.
Mr. Shaw objected to the phrase "illumi
nating" oils as too sweeping, including, aa
it did lard oil and other comparatively
harmless products, and suggested a change
to "inflammable."
With this amendment the ordinance was
passed.
Miacellaaeana Business.
Mr. Delassize presented the following
committee report:
New Orleans, October 24,1871.
To tlie City Council of New Orleans:
The undersigned, to whom was referred
the_ matter of providing suitable grounds on
which to erect an insane asylum for the
city, beg leave to report in favor of the
purchase of the property of B. Soulie, Esq.,
tor the sum of $25,000, cash.
The conclusion announced was arrived at
after carefully weighing the merits of vari
_______presented.
The Soulie property is located on the
mlssissippi river, a qnarter of a mile below
the Ursulines Convent, it haa a frontage of
three hundred and twenty-five feet on the
river and a depth of eighty arpenta, of
which thirty-five arpenta are high land.
This property will furnish ample grounds
for asylum purposes, and on the residue can
be located most, if not all, the other chari
table as well as correctional institutions of
the city. II. BONZANO,
L. T. DELASSIZE.
Laid over to be printed.
By Mr. Remiek:
Depsrtubnt nr CouasRcs,)
October M, 1871. J
To tbe City Council of New Orleans:
The petition of W. F. Walsh asks for per
mission to erect a shed, to be covered with
fire proof roofing, on a lot corner of Cus
tom house and Clay streets, to be used as a
warehouse for cooperage materials. As
sne h shed would be erected in violation of
the
ous propositions, there being insuperable I
drawbacks in each of the cases presented. I
present ordinance in relation to fire
limits, I report unfavorably, and therefore
rec ommend that his petition be not granted.
F. C. REMICK, Administrator.
Mr. Bonzano suggested that the report be
laid over.
Mr. Remiek remarked that a number of
comparatively trifling matters, emanating
from his department, were constantly laid
over at the request of the Administrator of
Assessments, and he moved the adoption of
the report.
The motion to lay over was lost, and the
motion to adopt was unanimously carried.
Mr. Bonzano gave notice of a motion to
reconsider at the next meeting.
By Mr. Remiek:
DaFARTRRirr oa Coanaaca, 1
October st, ini. 5
Whereas, Just and well founded com
plaints have been made that the ordinances
of the city of New Orleans fixing the limits
which tt tr fbmaaur-traMf or
cense to be erected any hnilding what
ever, the walla, whereof shall not be con
structed of brick or other non-oombastihle
materials, and covered with elates or other
non-combustible materials, are openly and
extensively violated, especially at the head
of Canal street, within the squares bounded
by the river, Front, Customhouse and
Canal streets; and,
Whereas, The protection of publio and
private property, and the welfare and pros
perity ef this city require a strict enforce
ment of said ordinances; therefore, be it
BewMted,' That the Administrator of Police
be and he is hereby instructed and required
to enforce compliance with the provisions
of said ordinances, rigorously and without
delay, and for this purpose to give tbe
written notices therein required of the late
street commissioner of this city.
Adopted.
By Mr. Bemick:
DartRTxiirr or Coasaaca, 1
October U, 1871. 5
To toe qty Conncil of Hetr Orleans:
Frank Fredericks petitions for permission
to Crect and operate a steam engine on his
S remises, at the corner of Dauphine and
lasant streets, for the purpose of cutting
lumber. Having examined the premises, I
report favorably, and respectfully otter the
following resolution.
F. C. REMICK, Administrator.
Retolted That permission is hereby given
to Frank Fredericks to erect and operate
a steam engine on his premises at the cor
ner of Dauphine and Mazant streets, in the
Third District, for the purpose of catting
lumber; provided, that this permission is
revocable at the pleasure of the Council.
Adopted.
By Mr. Bonzano:
Beport by the Administrator of Assessments
on tbe petition of residents adjacent to
the church in the Fifth District (late
Algiers).
Dviitbibt or Anniatim,)
October 24,187L 5
To the City Council of New Orleans:
Petitioners complain of certain chnrcb
ot conduct highly detrimental to good mor
als, and annoying to the neighbors.
The police sergeant on duty, strange to
say, reports "that he finds no ground of
complaint, inasmuch as when religious ser
vices af the church are being conducted,
many of the members who happen to be re
ligiously impressed break into a peculiar
chant." If he did not find fault, the
neighbors, however, it has since been ascer
tained, had ample cause to complain. On
representations to the pastor of the chnrcb,
however, the place of worship haa become
quiet and orderly, and for the present there
seems to be no necessity for any action on
the part of tbe Conncil.
H. BONZANO, Administrator.

T e Administrator
unfavorably on tl
Nverett Lane Co., hi
'"b*"
Mr. Bonzano moved that the report be
received, and the Administrator discharged
from further consideration of the subject.
Agreed to.
By Mr. Bonzano:
Revolted, That tbe Administrator of Fi
nance furnish a list of all the various rail
road companies, and other corporations or
individuals, who, under contract with the
city, are required to render at stated
periods an account of their earnings, and to
make punctual payments of certain stipu
lated (pro rata) sums for the rights and
privileges they eqjoy.
Be it further resolred, That the Adminis
trator of Finance furnish at the same time
a. fall statement of all moneys so received
since April, 1870, together with information
as to tne faith, punctuality and regularity
observed by the business managers of these
institutions or by the persons under such
contracts.
Adopted.
By Mr. Bonzano:
The Administrator of Assessments re
the petitions of Messrs.
Fran^oi* Lacroix, John
Straughan.
Adopted.
By Mr. Bonzano:
Reeolced, That in consequence of a doable
assessment for the year 1670 against R. D.
Maclin, on horses, carriages and capital,
the Administrator of Public Accounts is
hereby authorized to cancel tax bill No.
23,717 for that year, amounting to sixteen
dollars, the correct amount of seventeen
dollars having been paid on the assessment
dollars having been paid on the assessment
made in square No. 2o, eleventh assessment
district.
Adopted.
By Mr. Bonzano:
Resolved, That the Administrator of Pub
lic Accounts warrant on tbe Administrator
of Finance in favor of Samuel Brooks, for
$29 60, the same being for tag paid by him
for the year 1870 on a doable jresessment in
square No. 104, eleventh aMMsment dis
trict, on horses and carriages, $380, and
capital, $1100, tbe correct aifiount ($30 80)
having been paid in square No. 62, third as
sessment district.
Adopted.
By Mr. Bonzano:
Resolved, That the New Orleans Gas
light Company be authorized to erect, un
der the direction of the Administrator ot
Police, four additional lamp posts on
Bourbon street, between Canal and Tou
louse streets; compensation for lighting to
be the same as the company now receives
for similar service.
Mr. Bonzano, according to notice, moved
a reconsideration of the dog killing ordi
nance, suggesting amendments to the effect
that the killing should not be done by
shooting, and should only be done by the
police, and that the dog tax should be
rigidly enforced.
Eventually the ordinanoe was referred to
the Administrator of Assessments.
By Mr. Bonzano:
An ordinance to provide for the collection,
compromise and recording of judgments
for back taxes, and tbe compensation and
costs attending same.
Be it ordained, That the collection, com
promise and recording of all judgments in
tavor of the city of New Orleans for taxes
be placed in chuga and under the superin
tendence of-, whose duty it shall be
to immediately proceed to enforce the col
lection of all judgments in favor of the city,
I nd cause the recording of all valid
I judgments for taxes on real estate in the
mortgage office.
Be it farther ordained. That in all mat
ters wherein a compromise is offered by or
can be made with the defendants in judg
ment*, or third parties, the said-shall
immediately communicate the same to-,
together with a statement of all the facta
connected the judgment, and if found ad
visable, shall be authorized to make such
compromise.
Be it further ordained, That the compen
sation allowed said-be as follows;
on condition that said assume payment
of nil costa, charges and fees incidental to
snch collection, recordation and compro
mise. -shall receive twenty per cent of
all moneys paid by them into the city treas
ury, or on condition that the city assumes
payment of fees of clerks of courts. Sheriff
and reoorder of mortgages and coats of ad
vertisements in tbe official journal, then,
and in that case, the said-shall receive
ten per cent of all moneys paid into the
treasury.
Be it further ordained, That in the event
_
«®«n»e payment of aU such fees
d costs, notice thereof shall be given to

Sheriff, to the recorder of mor
and to
engages i
the official journal of the city of New Or
leans, and further that tbe city will in nq
case pay or assume to pay any such fees
and costs.
Be it farther ordained, That in all cases
wherein the appointment of a curator ad
hoe is neeeasary, no motion to that effect
shall be made unless it be therein stipulated
that the same is made on condition that no
curator ad hoe fees shall be fixed by the
court against the city.
Be it farther ordained, That the said
shall make weekly returns to the Adminis
trator of Finance of all money* collected by
them.
Be it farther ordained, That the ordinance
•hall not go into operation nntil said
furniah bonds in favor of the city in the
■urn of-dollars, with good and col
vent security, conditioned that mid