TUB TRIM'S BILL.
Grand Festivity at the Navy Yard
in lienor of Alexis.
The Beauty and the Chivalry
that Gathered There.
Diplomacy, War, Statecraft and Steam
ship on the Light Fantastic.
The Fair Partners of the
Blonde Prinee.
The Happy Ladies Upon Whom
He Smiled7
THE TOILETS OF THE LADIES.
t
I
It la with unqualified pleasure the announcemeut j
?an be made that the great naval ball given laat j
night at t be Navy Yard, Brooklyn, lb, Honor s( the i
Grand Duke Alexia was in every' respect a superb j
success. Over two thousand persons were present, I
and the Boene, after the time that the ballrooms were
once filled was something not soon to be forgotten.
Brilliant uniforms and lovely toilets, In every shade
of richness, made living with rich color every
apace not already decked with all that delicate re
gard to taste which betokens the true artistic in
spiration. Prom the outset U can be said that the
guests were the very crime <le la crime of the two
cities, and shoddy was absent. Many were the
encomiums passed upon the beauty of the decora
tions by the astonished participants; bat the beauty
or the ladies was tne one feature that most charmed
all.
Shortly after eight o'clock ihc company com
menced arriving in considerable nnmbers.
The aristocratic coachmen were dazed and be
fogged over the narrow streets which surround the
Navy Yard, and until tne ilue or caniages began
reaching away along Yotk street many were the
delays and vexations at finding every turning but
the right one. At length the gate is reached.
Outside the Ours
The streets converging toward the Navy Yard
main entrance echoed and re-echoed with the
Sunder and reverberation of richly freighted vehi
cles from half-past eight o'clock until midnight.
Then there was au intermission of two hours or
more, and the vehicles were heard returning with
heir charming, though wearied, occupants over
the route which had brought them to the scene
of so much happiness. The livery stables
were depleted of their coaches, and private
(tables, too, were emptied in Brooklyn last
night, because of the demand for conveyances
to carry beautiful women and gallant men to the
grand naval ducal balk The weather, too, ap
peared to co-operate with the herculean efforts of
he sons of Neptune in malting the great entertain
ment worthy of the right royal truest. It was cold;
decidedly so. This circumstance In itself was con
ducive ol isest to the feelings of the son of the
ifnar of all the Russlas, and lent a glow
?f health and ruddy color to the cheeks of
the mnlUtudinood fair TfuC tuIOnged
to bewitch and bewilder the attractive Alexis.
There was nothing else thought or dreamed of
In the City of Churcnes the live-long night, In fact,
bo' Alexia Those whom fortune has so favored as
to permit of their basking In tne sunshine of his
princely presence were nappy indeed. Those wbo
were domed so much iellcuy were reconciled to
their lot in the contemplation o( the fact that at
least they shared in tne Honor reflected upon Brook
lyn through the beauiilul representatives who par
ticipated lu the festivities ai tne Navy ard.
'the residents of York street, at tne foot or which
Is tne main entrance to the Navy Yard, were in a
fever o( excitement over the long-agitated event.
They could neitner sleep nor sit in doors. Tnoy in
curred the danger of catching tneir death of cold
?>y standing upon their doorsteps, peering tnrough
the raised wtudows, and otherwise exposing mem
selves to tno inclemency of the weather
from Uie earliest advent of the guests
In carriages until "the trouble" ceacd.
At ball-past nine o'clock last night
che line of carriages extended from the York street
gateway to Pulton street, and from .-sands street
through Navy to tne gate. Tuc work of examiuiug
tne tickets, conducted by sergeant of^ marines
and a mblsliipnitui, was painfully tedious. Each
carnage had to be halted aud the ticket scrutin
ized closely by these ottlclals before I he vehicle was
permitted to move down to the Kecelvlng stores,
where the ball was held. There was; no such
thing as hurrying these uniformed gentry. They
had their instructions. They were to examine mi
nutely each ticket; to know nobody; admit nobody
unless be was named Individually upon the ticket
or pans presented. They obeyed their orders strictly
and to the letter, and worked so slow that many or
the carnages remained in line fully one hour before
their turn to enter arrived.
Meanwhile the fair occupants mnsc have suffered
considerably, In tlicir ceiicate attire, irom
the pcnctrauiig, frosty atmosphere. As the
coaches reached their destination, tne rendezvous
of Terpslcborean felicity, they were received by the
sub committee ol the Committee of recepiton, naval
otneers in full uniform, and directed to the cloak
end bat rooms.
About tne gateway on York street was assembled
motley group of men, women aud children, who
thronged the sidewalks and indulged In most ludi
crons, though at times indecorous, dialogues upon
the occasion and the cause tnereor. On the corner
I list above Navy street a rnarlno "three sheets in the
wind" was making s's towards tno entrance to a gin
shop, when a wag addressed him With the Inquiry:?
"What are you doing lie rev Why, you ougnt to
be at ihc Jiikc s ball In there."
MaiiixK?"Yes, ye r rignt. young fellow. There
a damned sight ol plaoes where 1 ought to be, yet I
ain't."
"A laboring boy" of decidedly Celtic acoent aud
origin stood watching tbe vehicles as they .-dowry
entered and were halted at the gate, lie could not
andentand the delay, and turning to a woman who
stood at bis side he inquired,
"Fhat do they stop Uie carriages for. there now?"
w "Ocn, sure and its to get iheir pay for goiug In,
and what else would It bev"
??That is not so," cxdalmed a bystander, "you
couldn't bay your way into the Navy Yard to-mgiit
for sm"
Having thns enlightened the astoulshed and in-
nocent celts their informant walked off. 1
??What is keeping tno (fraud Juke?" inquired a 1
bare-neaded daughter of Erin of a stalwart police
man who was keeping the roadway clear of pedes
trians.
-Have patience, my good woman," said lie; "the
Duke will be along In good nine. He had to rake a
drink aud a cigar on tlio way. Whon he does come
along he will bo preceded' by a company or sol
diers."
"Oh, and is that It? Who is u will be with the
soldiers, did ye say t"
??preceded?that is, the soldiers wilt march on
ahead of the Duke.
This explanation was satisfactory. When the
Dune did arrive he w?? warmly received, ami his
way was mode clear by the gallant captain Met un
pen and hi.? talthful oillccrs.
Inside ihv (fairs.
As one drives down irom the Navy Yard guie lie
will observe a large, solid-looking structure of red
brick on Ins right hand, just beyond a building
which stauds aloue in the centre of a space uud
has something the appearance or a Chinese pagoda
or an old llglitbouse converted Into a marine post.
There Is nothing exteriorly in the red brick strue
tore which would Indicate that It deserved any
other name than the one It hears?the United States
Equipment Htorcs?and the last place in the world j
one would look to find an Aladdin's
paiaoe perched up near the skies. The
?tudent of me "Arabian Nights" will recall the
Wonderful works of the genii who were slowed
away in all manner of odd places until the talis
manic word was spoken, the nrn unsealed, or the
golden circlet rubbed, Tuen, indeed, some startling
changes took place, and oditlcos of Oriental gemmed
Md jewelled glory arose in an instant, wltn tlio son,
mellow light of ton t housand lamps Ooattng through
?n atmosphere heavily periume laden, and making
the faultless forms of the dnrk-oyed horn-is seem
more gently rounded still, as they reclined on silken
divans, drinking in tne melody ol silvery fountains
and the dreamy music oi a tar .off lyre. This, of
course, was pure romance, and not at, all suited to
our changeable ciimato, and the Equipment Stores,
with their tradition of ship chandlery, spars, sails,
tar aiul rigging, would seem, at first blush,
m be most unpromising pu?e for
rnetamorpboatng genius to try his powers. It In
not worth while debating bow fine tne line ib be
tween the improbable and the impossible: one has
only to look over a short history and nee that, in
the care or
THB BBD BRiriC BU! l PINO,
wnat might necm very nuiikciy has been marvel
lously accoupHwhod. Entering tiitw budding three
weeks ago at the main gate you could make your
way Into an office, where, if you wanted to go fur
ther, yon would be directed to ascend a narrow wind
ing stair, and tbeu finding yourself in a large ware
house-looking place with curious tearing ma
chinery at one side, large scales and tables
with rigging, plaim or frigates ami a draughts
man and a boatswain or two ben ling over
them, on your right, us you entered, was a largo
screen, behind which was the Executive officer,
Commander Krainc, seated before a puper-strewn
desk, probably in lus shirt sleeves, but up to his eyes
in business. The unroniantii; forms and faces of en
gineers, ship carpenters and foremen laborers were
grouped around with expressions of stolid respect.
Papers are signed, orders issued, the unromaunc
people depart only to be succeeded by others of tho
?nine human sminp, and the eye wanders hopelessly
from these 10 ibe wren dies, marlinsplkes, blocks,
saws* Hammers and so lortli hung around the wails
and beiweeu the grimv windows with a hopeless
aim at artistic effect. Walk our. There is
not Uie shadow of a foundation here for
vour Aladdin's palace. Descending another
narrow stair, with the odor of tar penetrat
ing your nostrils, you find yourself In a huge space
with sails in long white rolls, canvas in bales and
cordage of every thtckno s required Tor use
aboard ship, from the ratlines to the nine-incii
hawser. Pick your way around, stumbling
over heaps of royals or spankers, and find
yourself utnong huge coils of wire rope, and by the
time you have made the circuit (for you have been
walking round a hollow square) you will make the
best of your way out of that highly scented red
brick building. uuless you have tne sout of a sailor
fcud the uasa! organ of a lar manufacturer, Thi?
Is not your fairy palace; no one but black Eyed
Susan, or the warlike ice of that truant sail,
;sa?r oc the guardian spirit ol the
THE TRANSFORMATION.
If tor the poetic wand business oi the fairy tales
be substituted the more luoderu though prosaic
meaus of a committee on prcparatiou, slum; in
that Executive Officers' room, we will mark the first
steps towards the change. They have hoard the
talisinanlc word, Alexis, and, like Davy Crockett,
they are going ahead. That sail-loft up stairs, and the
rigging loft into which It merges, are the tangible
foundation on which their waking dream is to be
realized. There are certain imiathomable rows of
buntiug tnat they wot ol, ccriuin workmen whose
liandicrait they can utilize. As they look arouud
them their resources seem as great us their wildest
wishes, and with their brother officers lying down In
the lower bay, on board the fleet waiting through
daylight ami shadow (or the sea-borne Grand-Ducal
Muscovite, and their more immediate brethren in
Uncle Sam or the nuv&l station, tuey see ampie lunds
for the undertaking. Tnat history nuiy not nnss the
names of this trusty lew, they arc Uereuulo ap
pends 1
COMMITTBK ON I'KKI'ARATION.
Commander Ralph Chandler, Chairman; Naval
Constructor 11. F. Delano, Navat Constructor W. L.
Miutoyne, Commander D. L. Bralue, Chier Engineer
George Sewell, Chief Engineer K. 8. De Luce, Lieu
tenant Commander John Went man, captain tl. A.
Harnett, M. C.; Assistant Paymaster N. U. .Stavey,
Lieutenant commander O. w. Wood, Lieutenant
George \v. De Ixing, Lieutenant 8. K. Allen. M. C.;
Passed Assistant Surgeon W. S. Howeu, Lieutenant
M. U. Fle.d, First Assistant Engineer E. A. Magee,
Captain aL Ransom, Commander John Walters,
Lieutenant W illiam I'. Raudall.
Tlin uiigratetui task ol reciting the difficulties to
be suriuouutcd, the canvas lobe stowed away or
used, the partitions to be run up. and all the other
meritorious things which (he committee had to com
bat, will lie omitted, and with the aid of the laiuiful
plan represented on tins page the work in its mag
nittcent completion will be described. Ou entering
the Navy Yard at the York street entrance the ve
hicles drives down to the wide gate of the Equip
ment building. A passage wide enough for car
riages runs through into the courtyard or uollow
square in (he centre of the building, and another pas
sage leads out Into the Navy Yard ou the other
side. Thus, when you hare alighted, your
carriage drives on uud you find yourself be
fore a steam elevator, decked with bunting
and lit with gas. You can ascend by
the stairway if you please, but the temptation to
reach our iairy land by aerial flight Is irresistible.
The journey upward is accomplished in about half
a minute, and four ladies cau find room iu the per
pendicular omuious, without tne outermost edge of
their >a'utile de bai touching the hem or her fellow
travellers. The elevator is checked and stops, and
wheu the Attendant lifts up the festooned flags that
bang curtafn-wise over the exit you euter
THB RCCSRlQfi
a large, llgnutu ipfu; ultiut, lori/ feet square,
covered with arioh carpet on the floor and the walla
tastefully adorned witii American and Russian dags.
The celling, It will lie observed, Is one immcuso
union nag, aud the black, double-headed imperial
eagle ol Muscovy, on his saffron grouud, will be
seen facing you, festooned over uie door of an apart
ment, not very spacious, but elegantly lur.
idshod, hung with mirrors aud brightly lighted,
the w tils being tapestried witn cretonnes. This is
the Grand Dtucc's apartment, whore His Imperial
Highness and suite may hand their cloaks and
cocked hats to the attendants preparatory to being
conducted to the ballroom. Turning to the left you
pass un ier a uodiic area and Dud yourself in
MlTS.'OVlTK HALL,
which Is uellcatel.y decorated in the Russian colors,
bine and white alone, in alternate stripes. Oa your
iefi naud Is the entrance to the ladies' cloak room
a large and well-uphoistered apartment, wun shelves
wherein opera cloaks may bo stored and checks
given for them, and wuere beauty, about to
triumph, can lake the last look in the targe mirrors
before entering tne doiuatu where Cupid flutters
around the steps ol Terpsichore. On the right hand
are the dresstug aud cloak rooms for the ruder
scx, who have been putting finishing touches to their
adorned manliness for an hour previous. It was
calculated that this will take less tune than with
the fairer moiety, aud so further on is the waiting
room, where the officer or citizen will possess Ills
soul with patience until he sees the form of the
lovely beiug he lives for emerge smiling to a beatiilc
degree. He presents his arm, and alter them we
step under another Gothic arch of chaste white and
blue luto
THK MAONIPICHST BALLROOM,
of which you are now at the southern end. As the
cje runs along to tne inrtlier end the warm flush of
color, the glassy floor and gilded chandeliers
make the first efloct dazzling and confusing in
its gorgeousucss. For two hundred feet In length
and sixty in width the vista Is superb. .The walls
are hung with flags, festooned aud grouped in
every graceful curve, and yon perceive that tne very
ceding is one exquisite design of the American and
Russian flags. Round each <>t the three chandeliers
hung In the ceutre is a circle ol' white stars on the
deep blue ground, radiating from which are alter
nate stripes or white and red running to the cor
nices. Between each of the windows the Russian
aud American flags are again seen commingling
their broad folds. The flags of the Enropean row
ers hang over tne windows, and a close study will
make known that the harmonies or liuc have la no
case been violated, una that wttu a still more credit
able iact me unfriendly nations have been kept at a
saie distance from each other. On the panels be
iweeu i lie windows arc trophies of glittering sword
bayonets, pistols and cutlasses, witn models ot men
of-war to preserve the nautical rramem
Maiitv. ou the left hand side, as we walk
down towards the northern end of the hall, Is the
stand for the orchestra, a slightly raised platform,
surrounded o.y an Italian balustrade. Along the
eastern side the floor Is raised some six incurs to
the width of four feet. This Is to allow those uot
uaiiciug to rest and not. disturb the dancers, in the
cotitre ol this will oe a group ol lounges reserved
exclusively for the Grand Duke and party, and
where fie will receive wiiocver Is presented to him.
over this spot is a carved eagle, whose gilding docs
uot tell hall its brdliunt story. It is i he same which
surmounted the stern of the ilariiord when Form
gut ran past the Torts. Passing on to the northern
end and uiruitig to the left we race
THK SUIM'KK ROOM,
which runs ai right angles to riicsnffe rf iiau<r.
Over i lie entrance is the Urand Ducal coat of anus
blazoned on a shield. The entrance itsclt is fes
tooned with flags, 'ihe tables are ruugod nlong the
sides, la?d out ready Tor the repast, winch waits lor
no lormal summons to begin. In the -outheast cor
ner is another elevator, wnlch Is used alone for
hoisting Hi- hoi dishes ironi the Kitchen, which has
been filled up in the courtyard below. The orna
mentation of this supper room, which Is eighty loot,
by sixty, is of a very lasteiul description, and pre
sents the same features of light, color ami arrange
ment as tne ballroom. Through tne centre is an
ojien passage, through wmcuwe oass under a grace
ful lestoou oi flags, mio
TIIK, PROMMNADK,
which, as will l?e seen Of the plan, runs parallel
with ihe ballroom. Tills is decorated us the others,
b.v bunting, lastnoned into all sorts or tasteful de
vices, witn trophies of arms and national flags.
Every where the Blue Cross and the 8tars util eitrlpes
are seen Intertwined, it. would he impossible to dc
sctilieUmendless convolutions mid lorms through
which this blending is carried. At the southern end
of the promenade is a Main whereon the Marino
Baud from the Vermont is stationed to play during
the intei vale of dancing. When you have gained
the sow horu extremity of Uie promenade a turn
lo the left brings you once more into the reception
room, wlicuoe we started a tew moments
ago. Hie luxury which this fact of a
separate promenade conveys will be easily
understood by those who have found It difficult to
liml breathing room at a crowded hall where the
dancers occupied the floor. Although it n #F> lect
in length, the same a? the ballroom. It is uot so
wioe by twenty feet. This is explained by the (net
that the sails and rigging wo stumbled over in our
visit three weeks before have not ijeen spirited
away by ihe falriO", but aW stowed aw&y behind
ihu! wall of varl-coiored bunting, innocent of their
unstghtllnes* and ready for use when wanted?tnat
Is, alter tne ball. To provide against the chili blasts
which hy night luuur, sallloits in these favored
latitudes about winter time, a nnmtier of marble
topocd sicain-hcaters siaml In positions where
they are both useful aud ornamental. Those
good prosaic fairies iu bine coats, gilt
buttons ami aiiouldef straps have not
omitted one other Important feature wiileh,
although unseen to the caaual visitor, ts not want
ing. Four hose pipes, with their brazen nozzles,
ready for aoiiou, are liuug one on each aide of the
Hqiiurc, and iu case of fire, or an alarm thereof, a
skilled workman elands ready to direct, tne cool
quenching stream upon the spot, whore the devour
ing men <tnr would first dare to show his fiery
/gags, beside the two elevate* there are four
Diagram of the Third Floor of the Equipment Stores as
Arranged for the BalL
SUFFER ROOM,
SO fe't by 60 feet.
W
to if O
S5 m
!J5
5 9 W
t?
k

k
c

COURTYARD.
?w
y r
S r
O"
in
er, 58
o
5> o
2 a
RECEPTION
ROOM.
Ladies' Cloak and
Presume Doom.
Muscovite Hall.
it i
?1 1
Oran.l
Duke's

Hat and
Cloak
Gentle
men's
Dressing
Genlleiiien's
Wailing

Room.
Room.
Room.
Room.
marine band
A?Entrance Elevator.
B?Stain Entrance. <)--Supper Elevator.
other means of exit from the top floor to tne lower
ones. We can now go down by the stairs ana re
mark that the same decoration which has usen
100,000 yards ol' bunting has been carried out even
to the portal. There is something ol the
superb display of drapery in tho whole
arrangement Of the different parts whicn
give a. Persian flavor to the scene, and if one can
associate that with a Russo-American dressing and
superadd the latest Parisian improvements some
estimate of the magnificent crwmb'e can lie guessed
at. it Is now time that Lieutenant George W. De
Long should reap his lull meed of praise, for to
his cultivated taste is due the designs of
tho dialling and decorating and to nls careml
overseeing, assisted by captain Bartlett, their
successlul carrying one. The uuflagging energy
of Commander limine has proved liuu the Dens
ea: marhnia of the multliorui and complicated
arrangements, and to Commander Ralph Chandler
and other naval gcntleineti a similar degree of
credit should be given. It should nor be forgotten
among the minutiae of the affair that stalls were pro
vided for 360 horses and can iages. The invitation
cards, engraved In clear script, wero tilled up with
the names of the guesut by Mr. Leary, or
the Storekeeper's Department, ill a manner which
made it dlltlonlt to determine which was the writing
ana which the prlining.
The nail.
But before the Grand Duke put tu an appearance
the process of receiving iho guests was going for
ward. As the carnages loft their lair and bravo bur
dens inside the building members or the police force
or the Yard pointed the way to the olevaior. Once
having made the ascent courteous members of the
Reception Committee were ready to lead tho ladles
to the dressing room, where they might leave their
wraps, and thenco into the ball. Vice Admiral
Rowan was on hand shortly after eight o'clock. By
a quarter to nine the ballroom was respectably
tilled, and various groups were wandering round
admiring the magnificent setting of the scene. At
this time
JITLLIBN'8 BAND,
of sixty-five pieces, commenced playing the open
ing overture, and, as If In obedience to
tho Inspiring notes of Rossini, tne hand
some naval officers and their lauics began pouring
in, with smiles on every face. The overture ceasea,
and still the brigades of officers and bevys of beau
tiful damsels succeeded each other. At nine
o'clock the baud played oneo more the "Coronation
March," and it whs evident that brilliance
would soon bo a poor word by whicb
to acscrllie the ball. It was annouueed, or rattier
quietly circulated, that the Duke would not arrive
before ten o'clock, and of course the dancing would
not begin until Ills Imperial Highness led off. Witn
the prospect of an hour's waiting it might be thought
that patience oould bo wearied, but nothing of the
kind could enter fhto the spirits of those arriving
and arrived. There was too much pleasure at mer
ited recognition, too much good nature,
and, above all, too much delight to
tne senses of seeing and hearing
to admit of anything like weariness. As a general
thing, during the hour and a Half that succeeded,
the couples promenaded around the room,
or the ladles took seats on tne lounges around
the ball room, looking like a gorgeous moving river
of changing color, edged in by a parterre of living
beauty. The Russian officers were early present,
and looked qnite handsome In their neat epaulctted
uniforms.
The following is a list of
Till COMMITTBK.
Hi-n OtmmHh ?(Radge?Red, White and Biue).?Vice
Admiral S. C. Rot/An, on behalf of reception tleet; Rear Ad
miral M. Smith, on behalf of officer* of the naval atatinn.
KT' ii? Badgo?White).?Pay Director J. C.
F.ldrndge, Chairman; Commander Ralph Chandler, Medical
Inspector George Peck, Naval Constructor B. F. Delano,
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Broome, Commander D. B.
Harmony, lieutenant Commander John Wcidman, Chief
Engineer li S. De Luce, Lieutenant George W. De Long,
Commander H. A. Adam*, Fleet Paymaster Ed. Foster, As
sistant Paymaster W. 0. McGowsn, Lieutenant E. T. Brad
ford, M. C.; Commander 1). L. limine. Culef Engineer Geo.
hewed, Lieutenant Commander A. V. Reed, Mad. r E. tV
Bri Igs, Paymaster .1. II. Stevenson, First Assistant Engineer
li. A. Magec, Lieutenant C. f. Arnold. Matter F. A. Ilowes.
if.-on Cimmil'u ?(Badge?Blue Captain George M
Ransom, Chninnani Comnio'Tore Henry Ragle, Medical Di
rector A. A. Henderson, Commander John Walters, Fleet
Paymaster Ed. Foster, Commander D. L. Bralue, Com
mander R. B. Lnwrr. Captain H. A. Ran let t, M C., Lieu
tenant CotOTnaniter n w Wood. e.? IMncLir C Km.rp
commander
Commander
Commander
Cider Engineer W. W. W. Wood.
F'o-r Commd'et?(Badge?Rod .?Paymaster J. H. Steven
son, Chairman; Medic il Inspector George Pi-ck, Lieutcnaut
Commander A. V. Reed, First Assistant Engineer W W
ileaton. Lieutenant J. p. Hmvser. M. 0.; Lieutenant Com
mander R. White, Midshipman W. B. Slack, Lieutenant J. E.
Craig, Passed Assistant Paymaster A. W. Bacon, Master A.
Isrix, Assistant Surgeon A. Masruisr, Midshipman P. Bus
on. Lieutenant W. T. Bnrwo'l, Midshipman r. S. Ludlow,
R. Benson, Lieutenant K. T. Hrad
om
'aptaln's Clork Cejrge R. Benson, Lieutenant K. T. B
ord, M. Master IJeorge H. Church, Lieutenant l'
nanJ&r George W. Wood, Master H. W. Bridge, Lieutenant
leorge ft'. Da Long, MasterT. B. M. Mason, Assistant Pay
nailer W. C. MoGnwan, First Assistant Engineer J. Shori
lau, Passed Assistant Hurpnon W. S. Howcn. Lieutenant s K.
Mien. M. C.; 1'ust Assistant burgeon II. McMurtrle, Mnlshtp
aan.los. L. Hienslcker, Assistant Paymaster J. U. Cann.
To ilnd out and incut ion In addition the mama
if all
THE DISTrSdUIRffBU PEOPLE PRKsBNT
voultl require Hit) even ol an Argus and almost Hie
^ower of ubiquity. When cnc considers that, the
mllrooin, the reception rooms ant flic promenade
iftnr nine o'oio k were crowded anil prc
lemctl an ever moving and over-vary in a
taieldosrope of brilliancy and costumes ?>f
ill kinds, the difficulty or obtaining even a
air number of names ol eminent guests who were
tonored Willi invlutious, presents itself. Again,
hero uinst have ?>oeu over two thousand Invludons
ssucd, and it was reported last uighi that oulv one
liiudrt'il letters wero received in which the writers
ejretted mat circumstances, Ac., prevented tiictn
rom attending tlio hall. Among those present
ive observed capinui Potior, U. S. A.; Mr. Pa rail
Stevens and lady, Major General Woodward, Mr.
I. 11. liowaid and ladies, Mr. and Mrs.
Joe Adams, Mr. and Mrs. K N. Grlswnid,
General D. o. Howard, Commissioner Shirk,
Judges lngrahain iind Uiadv. with a pai'y of ladles:
kir. s. R. biltendcii, Mr. W. B. Duneaa, Mr. t'lar
:uco St ward. General A. S. Webb, Thorns II. .Morris
ind lady, Mr. and Mrs. Crane, Dr. J, M.
?Mimas aud lady, Mr. aud Mrs. Slllerinau.
sefior Antonio do Contra, setter Don Raphael
I'onrbo, Mr. Ilenry M. Sciicifclln and ladles;
Mr. w in. M. Evans, General N. F. smith, Mr. W. B.
Duncan, Dr. N. M. Wool, J. Tnyior Johnson,
General H. B. Duryee, General Lloyd Aspinwuii.
Iieneral li. s l.ansing and lady, Brigadier
Uenernl Dakiu. General W. w. Burns, Rev. Dr.
Vlaton, Brevet Brigadier Goncrnl C. V. Fowler,
i hapiuins Ferris and Thouiaa, Major General W. H.
Morris and lady, I'r. Walls anu latiy. Colonel j
II. King and ladies Commodore Scliuvlor,
Lioqionaiit IVrratni pud lady. Colonel Km-
mens* cTiik, MK aud Mih. Henry Pierre-
pout, iiiirou Alvcosteben, Battnzze Effcndi,
Bettor Don Nantiago Borer,, Chevalier \V. Laurene?,
Captain Meado, General Uuniford. Brigadier Ocuo- i
ral J. K. Holt, commodore woo (leu, Captain
Wright, General lugallsl Humphrey, Barnes
and Mclg*; Geuertil Myiforreli and indict, Commo
dores Parroll khd Pennock, General Galium
Joseph Garguillo, Mr. A. llalieit, colonel Mason and
lady, juuies F. tVcor and ladies, Dr. George Gil
illlpu. Mr. nnd Mrs. John D.Jones, r. D. Morgan,
Knseoe Conkling and lady. Colonel W. 0, Church
and lady, Bettor Don Joaquin Godoy, Don Nicholas
aviado, Rear Admiral 'lohlpborough, Admiral
Rowan, Commodoro Mlddlclon, Commander Iiralno
and Fa; master Unwell.
THE Rl'RRlAN GUESTS
Inclndcd, besides the observed ot all observers,
the Alexis so long looked lor, and his suite, Vice
Admiral Possuct and Staff, Commander oi His Im
perial Majesty's slup Svetlaua, Captain Oscar
kremer and officers, Lieutenant Dtmltvo Sharon
and officers of His iniDerlal Majesty's shin ADreok,
Minister Catacazv and lady, M. and Madame N. do
Hodisco, M. and Madame Schultz and Mr. Darougu.
There were hundreds of others present wiuwe
names we cannot, now, at a late hour, remeini>cr,
but the leauire 01 the ball was
THE MAGNIFICENT TOILETS
of the ladles, who, on this occasion outshone alt
other icsiive celebrations in this and other Ameri
can cities, and dazzled even His Imperial tUgliness
with the splendor and variety of their dresses. .Not
Solomon in all his glory ever dreamed of such a con
stellation of beauty aud brilliancy.
Usually upon such occasions the navol officers
Bhine witn unwoutcd brtiilaucy, hut upon this the
fair sex took the lead. Tho City of Charities and
the City of Churches fairly represented the beauty
for v. Inch they have been so long noted. There
were blondes adorned In azure blue of most delicate
shade, with soft lace over skirts which made one
think of the fleecy clouds on a winter's nlgnt.
A lovely combination of colors was dtSDlayed In a
toilet of delecnte lemon colored faille, garnished
with rich white point and black lace, groscllle
er6pe, ami sprays of yellow roses in foliage, lno
train skirt was garnished in a most unhiue
manner with the above trimmings, the
wider lace?white over me black?forming
a festooned flounce near the bottom,
with a heading composed ol shells of tho cr, pe,
surrounded by narrow laces (both black auu Wnltc),
a rnll blown rose, with buds and maves, resting lu
the centre or each. The tunicjue was ol white point,
disposed over black, looped artistically with scarfs of
the crepe, ornamented with lace and lowers. A
fichu to match the ovorekirt and handsome dia
mond in ruby jewelry completed their charming
t0 A lovely blende looked like a veritable rosebud in
an artistically arranged robe ol white and rose
colored tulle. The skirt wan only a comrortablc
dancing length, composed ol alternate skirts or
rather flounces, or tulle of the two colors, the whole
shaded hv a skirt of white tube, garlanded by
sprays of rose loaves and buds, which sustained the
skirt in graceful lesioons. The corsage dcoollfto
was was a;rangeff witn puffing of rose-e,olor,
which, as the wearer was petite, only added the
dwjlrable roundness to the form. Over this was
worn a fichu of white tulle, of an entirely wow de
sign, which just veiled the lovelv shoulders, tho long,
snail shaped ends, Intermingled with garlands, tied
carelessly at tno left side, Instead of In the ordinary
manner at the back. The toilet just suited the fair
we ;rer, who looked as if she had stepped out of the
frame of some French fancy picture.
Among the noticeable attractions at "the ball" one
we particularly admired. The wearer, thoueh not
handsome as regards perfection of lace and form,
but from the sweetuess of manner and extremely
quiet demeanor, combined with (.usy deportment,
won many truthful glances of admiration. Her
dress, composed of Hie faintest, possible shade
of coral silk, made en train, which was beautifully
bordcredwlth shell pnitlngs of silk and tnilo. Over
this was worn an overdress of tulle, made In innu
merable pufflugs ol lightest shell puffs, Irom the
wuist caught In festoons by early summer ivy. The
corsage was low, square cut at the throat and back,
forming soft points at the trout, but long, inter
looping sash ends at the back; sleeves formed by a
full pointed cape, leaving the arms bare, upon
which shone resplendent diamond bracelets, ouly
surpassed by the necklace, which boasted of Its
capacity to display an exquisite diamond cross.
Her hair, naturally luxuriant, was arranged in putts
and curls, with diamond ornaments.
Perhaps one or tho most showy toilets of the
evening was worn by a graceful brunette, whose
coral lips and rosy checks vied with the carnations
which trained over ner brocade robe. The underskirt,
of rich white gron grain, was oraaineuted with an
exquisite flounce of black Chanttllv lace, placed over
a ilonnce or silk, thus causing It to rail more grace
fully than the majority of the lace flounces worn in
such profusion. The heading to tnis was a
melange of white tnllo, narrow Chautllly
lace and brilliant carnation pinks in
roliage. Over these were worn a polonate
a la pompadour ol rich brocade, a w hits ground,
over which meandered rich sprays ot brilltaut car
nations, with tlielr dark green foliage, which stood
out in bold relief on tne showy background. To
describe how tills was cut and looped would be
impossible. Suffice it, the design was decidedly
novel. Just smied to ibe material, and me graceful
draping* could only have been executed by a veri
table artiste. The corsage was cut heart--liai?ed in
front, very high on the shoulders and pointed in
tho back, revealing just enough of su alabaster i
nccix to prove that it was froiu choice, aud not from j
necessity, that the rest was covered. Half-long j
sleeves inmost met the high kid gloves, and an cx- j
qui-ltc Mara and necklace of diamonds completed a
most recherche toilet.
Madame Catacazy wore a dress of bands of blue
silk alternated with tulle ruchlugs. The bodice was
very low auu the sleeves a mere puff at the shoul
der. Above the elbow she wore broad
armlets of gold and bracelets at the
wrist. Her other ornaments were exquisite
rearl earrings, a pearl necklace aud au anchor in
the laco of her breast of diamonds and rubies. Iler
beautiful blonde hair was powdered with diamond
dust and arranged olassloaily In bauds around her
tlncly-shaped head, and drooped iu a mass of grace
ful curls Irom the back.
Mr? Rear Admiral Smith won1 a magnificent lobe
of ruby velvet, with long tram aud point luce. Her
lialr was done up iu puffs una dressed with white
ostrich feathers.
Mrs. General Slocniu wore blue silk, with swlss
overskirt, elaborately Irfflcd. Her ba r was dressed j
a in pompadour, with tea roses.
Miss Hewer, of Brooklyn, was charmingly dressed
In salmon silk with point, laco trimmings.
Mlas Connor wor-' white silk with low bodice and i
train, ber head powdered aud ornamented Witn blue j
ostrich leathers.
Miss Leach wore blue silk, with tulle trimmings.
Miss Tracy, daughter of the District Attorney, was
clegautly lircssed ill black velvet en train, her hair
powdered aud arranged a la Pompadour, with
roses.
Miss Clark, of Brooklyn, a charming brunette,
who did her snare of cutertaiiilna tne Duke's stuff,
wore buff slik under tnllo. The overdress was
laiight with scarier velvet ribbons.
A tall blonde wore a beautiful dress of black tulle
with square train, trimmed with ruehiiigs ol black,
ami while tulle. Iler batr was 4 la Pompadour,
powdered and ornamented with roses.
A costume of white tulle, elaborately puffed, was
trimmed with tiny knots of black velvet; liulr
ilresscd with pink rosea
A iictlte brunette wore nvc-colored silk, wllb
overskirt of embroidered crape; rose in the hair.
A lovely partner ol one of the handsomest of the
Russian suite wore wtilto tulle dotted with goldca
stars aud trimmed with gold fringe.
A magnificent white satin was trimmed elabo
rately with point lace and convolvulus blossoms.
Due of me prctilest women present wore a pink
silk petticoat, tmx-plalted from top to iiouotn and
caught wich buttons. A square train of bine silk
w as faced with ptuk. A punier of blue crdpe was
worn over this. The hair was in curls, and pearl
ornaments finished tho costume.
A stately brunette lookcJ charming In a heavy
voiioW satin, mftde perfectly plain, Willi long trolu
and diamond orhameuts.
A bull tulle, elaborately puffed and knotted with
seailet velvet ribbon, was one oi Hie prettiest
ui-usso's at rhe ball.
one or tne most hoaMiul ladles wore white satin,
with plain skirt, dotted with orange blossoms. Tho
pointed corsage was trimmed wDn point lace, and
magnificent diamond omaiuouts completed the coj
t unio.
The I nip.-rial Party.
Tne (.rand l)ukc and suite were conducted over
frotu New York in grand and triuiopnant style. At
lialf-PMt eight o'clock a company ol cavalry if op.
Brooklyn arrived at the Clarendon Hotel to
escort ibe impeital party to the ferry. Tne
troops were drawn up along Kighteenth street,
wnere they awuited the arrival of the Escort Com
mittee and the departure of llle Imperial High
ness .inn the distinguished persons who accom
panied Inm. At nine o'clock an array of
carriages drove up to the hotel. They contained the
members of me Kurort Committee .mm their ladles
from the Brooklyn Navy ard, who uad como
to conduct the Brand Ducal party to the
ball. This company consisted of Admiral GOdon,
Admiral Wulke, Commodore Eagle and lady,
Colonel Hrooino and lady, Commander Harmony
and lady, Paymaster Barry and lady ami Cluef En
gineer Wood and lady. The ladles remained In the
carriages, while the officers went Info the hotel
to inrorui the Grand Duke that they were
ready to escort him to the scene of the evening's
festivities in our sister city. They were first ush
ered into the a; ailments of the Russian Minister,
and were presented to Mr. aud Madame
Catacazy, and afterward to the Grand
Duke and the other Russian gentlemen
who were present. At a quarter past nine His
Imperial Highness descended the steps of the pri
vate door of the Clarendon reserved for him and
entered his carriage, accompanied by the
Russian Admiral. The other members of
the party immediately took their seats
in the carriages assigned to them. Policemen were
stationed at the Clarendon to keep the sidewalk
clear and the roadway unobstructed Cor the shldters
and the carriages. When all were ready
the carriages were formed tn line and
the military in two lines, one on either
side o. them, nud In this way the long linn 01 car
riages escorted by the troops dashed down Broad
way and Kuiton street to the Fulton ferry. Police
men yvere stationed ail along from the
Clarendon Hotel Id the river The imperial
party then en route consisted of Hfs imperial
Ilignncss the Grand Duke Alexis, Admiral Posslet,
Mr. and Madame Cataca/.y, Ggneral ami Madame
Gorlolf, Mr. Dan/as, First Secretary of the Russian
Legation; Mr. shcerkofl, Second secretary; Count
Miourdalotf, Dr. Cadnn, Lieut, 'fader, Mr. Match In,
Mr. Bodiseo, Consul General, and Mr. Shuitze, Vice
Consul. The other carriages contained the Ameri
can officers aud tue ladies already mentioned. A
special terryboat conveyed the parly across the
river. They were met on the other side bv a compa
ny of cavalry and escorted to tho Navy Yard. The
route lay up Fulton street and along Sands and
Navy streets and Flushing avenue n> cast ante.
Two lines of marines, through which tho carriages
passed, lined the way from the gate to the building
where tho ball took place.
AKRfVAt. AT THE NAVY YAIIT).
The Imperial party arrived at half-past ten. The
Graud Duke went immediately 10 Ms room and
deposited Ills overcoat and soou appeared In the
Muscovtto Hall, attended by the members of
his suite, all In their well-known bril
liant uniforms and wearing tne imperial
decorations on their breasts. As they passed
into the ball room, which was already well filled
with guests aw.iiitiur their arrival, a brilliant bevy
ol ladies met them at the entrance. The bund in
the ball room struck up the Knsslan National
Hymn, and tho imperial party were conducted
lothedlas. Hero the Grand Duke was Introduced
to a number 01 tbe ladles aud gentlemen present.
Immediately on the right of the Grand Duke stood
Mrs. Admiral .smith and Madame Catacazy, and on
his left Air, Catacazy and Admiral l'olsset,
witu tne other members of tbe imperial
party and a large number of distinguished ladies
near them, forming a grand group or chivalry and
beauty.
After the introductions had taken place the
music was ordered lor the first dance,
and the ball was opened with the
"Lancers." Or course tho set in which the
Grand Duke participated, was the centre of attrac
tion, and a large assemblage ol ladies and gentle
men garnered around It. In this set, the
Grand Duke danced with Mrs. Admiral Smith,
vie a vt.i to Admiral Ho van and Madame
Catacazy. The sides were formed by Mr. Catacazy
and Mrs. t'aptain Ransom and. Admiral Smith and
Madame Goriotf.
The Grand Unite afterwards danced with Mrs. De
Long, wltc of Lieutenant Dc Long, and also with Miss
Tracy. When sapper was announced His Imperial
Highness conducted Mrs. Admiral ffinitn into the
snpper room. The hour was now gelling late and
tne Grand Duke and Ms suite soon after loll, bnt
the dancing was continued for hours aitervvard.
The l>Meia*?
The Grand Duke once arrived and the progenia*
Hon ceremony over, the dancing wan, or course,
continued without Interruption. The following
is -ho programme, it will be observed that the
pieces between the numbered dances were played
by the fine Marine Band, stationed in the dais In
the promenade.
Overture, "L:i Gasza Udr?"?, Rossiid
March, ??Coronation" Meyerbwr
rolonulae de Reception Jullien
obpeb nv vanoino.
I. banners, "Le* Hrignn.lt" Offenbach
Russian Oitlocr*' Overture P. All
8. Va.se, "Juri"berre.iUnzn" Giinx'l
Selection, "lone" I'drella
9. Quadrille, "/amps" JulJien
Promenade, "March" Pelivll*
4. Galop, "(llocken Spiel" Pausl
Iiuetto, "Mleonora" Mercaiaute
S. Polka lledowo, "Woidlniana" I.ablteky
Selection, "deuevtere" Offentomb
S. laancers, "The Koyal" Godfrey
Grand Promenade March to Russian Onicere P. All
7. Value, "Morgcnblatter" Strauss
Selection?Duetto, "Travtata" Verdi j
8. Galop, "Mttlatrnmba".... Oflenhsch i
Grand Naval Promenade to United States OfUoers.All
9. Quadrille, "Russian and American Navy" Ju hen
Selection Mercadauie
10. Galop, "Iteiier Galop" Zlk'.fl
Selection, "La Grande Dnchcsse" Offenbach
11. Polka-Rednwa, "Nar.bUrbatten" Strauss
Promenade, "March" Mercadarii*
IX Quadrille. "The Minuet" J allien
Selection?"Martha" Plotow
18. Valae, Thousand and One Nights" Strang*
II Canon-Promenade to OSlcers of Navy Yard....!'. All
14. Polka. "Still Midnight" Ciuii'l
"La rllle du Regiment" Mercadaete
15. Landers, "lie Prince Imperial" Lamniln
Promenade, March I*. .All
Id. Oalop, "Petersburg Champagne" Luinbye
Serenade Daush
17. Trole Temps, "The Adieu" Knelling
Promenade. March Offenbach
18. Lanc.lera, "Aire Rnseee" lui'lotj
Aria "Nubncoo" Verdi
19. Valso, "Rudoluhle mange" Strauss
Promenade, March Offenbach
7(1 Quadrille, "Perlobole" Musard
Aria P. All
21. Galop. "No Rett" r. Bernstein
Duettlno Russell
2A Valse, "Casino Tame" Kelor Beta
Promenade, March Petrelia
28. Lancers, "Offenbach tana" Strauaa
Selection, "Martha" Kioto*
34. Oalop, "II CrescenJo",., Jullltn
"Home, Sweet llome."
Leader of the United State* Navy Vard Band Peter Ah
Conductor Mous. Loots G. Jullien
A most importaut part or the affair was that con
nee'eu with the edibles. Along either sldo of the
supper room, running east, and west, was
raged a long table, literally groan
ing under its store of good things,
and tastefully adorned with pieces of confectionery
ami trophies of flowers, fitting to the occasion. On
the right band were anchors aud ships of flowers,
the Russian frltrate Bvetlana and the clipper
Abrcok. In the centre was a beautiful
design, representing the Russian standard, sur
mounted by the imperial crown. Tho black double
head eagle was Ueltlv wrought in immortelles.
Facing this, on the opposite table, was
the American standard In a similar design,
ol flowers, flanked Dy the Russian corvette Bogatire
and the United .states flagsnip Congress. hortly
alter midnight tho Grand Duke led the way lo the
supper room, whither moho who minded followed
Mini. It being the good rule that (rom tiie moment his
Imperial Highness entered the x/tiu> mano r, those
who willed could cull on ihe waiters ranged behind
the table to help them to what ibey pleased from
the lollowing bill ol faro:
MENU. I
Mayonnaise de Haumnn. Triple, a ,a Mavonnaixc.
Simmon, a la Veripre. Truilc, b la Veripre. s
Dlnrie, la Mocedolne.
j Chapun, a la M.icedolne.
Kllet ile Bo'itf H. aire, a la Klamanue.
s Vol-an-Vent et Tourtes.
I'vK-s ile Giblert, Glbier* Maeadoine.
j i llbicrx, Larde. J
b Hullrcx Knlet, oixllnj 'iita cl ri|.,ui
5 Salad<?? ile Volatile et dc llomarl.
5 Vanelei <le t'renicx. 1
Gelec Maccitome. Oelee au Vln,
Confitures, Charlotte Ruase. j
i Ca'e. Pales aux if.litre*. Jnmbon* Dexoests.
Pales, a la Plnandare. J
s Kllet de Bo-ut. Bo-of a la Moda.
Another interesting fcatnre was the card room,
on tne floor below, where gentlemen could retire to
imbibe a delieato something, smoke a cigar or enjoy
a game or cards.
From midnight forward the dancing was carried
on with energy, and too couples, when tired of
saltation, retired to the promenade, where the en
ouctrics and gentle flirtatious could be Indulged in
lo the music of the Murine Hand.
On with tne dance,
Let Joy be unconnned.
Vnr reit till inorn when Youtu and Pleasure ru.'el
To chase the (lowing hours with Hying feet.
When tho imperial party left the guests com
menced to fliln ont, and the usual nuionut of
trouble In getting hats, coats, wraps and enrrlages,
the null dissolved Into a crystal of memory, to be re
inembored as long as the Mass of Itnssia and Ameri
ca wave together. Long live Alexis l
AMftl* AT TIFF Vyf'5.
The Dute visited fjuauy's establishment yester
day, bc'.TT'Oee 0t)0 aml two o'clock ?u tho aitemoon,
uict'eix* Causing couaidorable flutter In that particu
lRP'parl of Broadway ami Fourteenth street. "Tho
I)uke is coming!'' "The Duke is coming!" were tho
magic words that, flying rroin mouth to mouth,
kept every fair snopper on the qui viw till the stal
wart son of the Czar male his appearance. The
usual crowd blocked the vicinity ol ihe house, while
Alexia looked at the diamonds and pearls and sil
ver, determined to get a ellmnsc or him as no ro
omed to hie i*oi0).
ALEXIS 4IID TIE FIREHEN.
An Imposing Shaw?The Frinoe Shaken Hands
with th? Boys Who Bun the Ma.
chinos? Mo Noaaenoo There
Among all the entertainments improvised for me
amusement and instruction of Russia's royal scion
It Is rery questionable whether any hate pleased
him more than the imposing show of the Fire De
partment at Tompkins square yesterday afternoon.
The Mrs Commissioners selected as the men to
show oi what lho department is made three oat
tailtonH, comprising the Third brigade, who, between
twelve and one o'clock, formed on the square whit
their trucks, engines, horses and appliances
lor the suppression of Ore. The park
was lenced in py a rope, aud a ponce
force of 2m men and twemy.one captains
lined the ropes to keep hack the immense turong
that collected to see the Prince and the firemen.
The police were under the command of captain
Copeland, but Captain John J. Monnt, of rhe pro
duct, was especially active in assisting. The fire
men wcie uiuler the command of chief Engineer
Perley and his aids, Engineers Shay, Orr and sm
llvan.
The companies, fifteen in number, were drawn up
on the west, nortn and east sides of the square, ami
the south aide was reserved for carriages. At the
centre, on the south side, a stand was erected for
the reception of rhe Russians, the committee of re
ception aud rue Invited guests.
One o'clock, the hour named, found the firemen
ready for the review, and probably twenty
thousand people lined the streets and fences,
Anxiously awaiting the arrivgj of his
Imperial Highness. Finally, at ten minutes past
one, Jullien's band struck up the "Russian National
Iiymn," and si muluneously the carriages contain
ing tho royal party and his attendants drew np at
the stand and moved to tho plntlorm.
Reside the Prince and his suite, the Reception
Committee, Commissioners liitcbman, Calloway,'
Hennessey, Bialr and Shaler, and Pire Marshal
McSpedon, Mr. Catacazy and General McDowell
were observed upon the platform. The ceremonies
commenced by a salute, when the party, led by the
Prluce and President Hitch man, crossed the square
and slowly walked along tno front of the line and
then countermarched m the rear. The Prince care
tally observed the appearance of tne men and
machines, and highly complimented the President
upon their auiierb appearance.
Hemming to the stand, the brigade was wheeled
about, ami at the word of command marched by on
a walk. It limn passed on a trot, and this through
with the command was put upon a run. As they
tUnmlered by the stand tho Prince smiled his appro
val. The ofli< cra were tucu paraded after the com
mand had hcun put through military evolutions.
Chief Perley aud Ins lureinca and assistant foremen
advanced and saluted. The next event was one
that astonished the force. The guest expressed to
Cnlef Pol icy his desire to have the officers presented
to him and they were marciied past htm. As each
came up Alexis grasped him cordially by the haml
and smilingly greeted him. While going through
this ceremony remarks of "There's no uonscn-'Q
about him," "He's a ortok mid ought to be an
American," were heard, and one lady, standing In
front of the Hkuami writer, in her enthusiasm was
neard to sav, "He's a love of a man Clara,
wouldn't it be nice to lie rorcmcii of engines, so we
could sbake bands with him, too?"
Tho parade was at once dismissed, and, returning
to Hie carriages, the roval party was driven away in
the direction of the Prince's hotel. As tiiey were
passing np .seventh street an immense crowd of en
thusiastic men, women and caihlreu pursued tticin
and the drivers were forced to ply their whips l vely
to escape.
The following Is the order in which the brigade
passed, with the names of tne officers w ho were
presented to Alexis and tell his grasp:?
Chief Engineer Perley.
Engineers orr, Miay and NuUivan.
Engine No. 8?W. II. Nash.
M. O'Connor.
Engine No. 17?J. W. Miller.
c. L. Kellev.
Engine No. -TO?Martin Walsh
John Ward.
Engine No. 31?W illiam P. Hayes.
George Mcl.ouglilin.
Truck No. 5?Jacob Van Ordon.
Thomas I.con aid.
Engine No. 3?William bhaw.
Washington Montague.
Engine No. 13?Geoige A. KiTacnvr.
John Harris.
Engine No. 15?Thomas N. Griffith.
Bartholomew Wei ton.
Engine No. 10?-Charles 4. Wolfe.
Truck No. 9?William Itowt.
Peter Votter.
Engine No. 7?Joseph I'oynton.
Daniel Dunn.
Engine No. 14?George Lib.
Thomas Li. Ropers.
Engine No. 18 ?Clinton McDonald.
John Fulton.
Engine No. 20?Alexander McNeill.
Engouo I'ethgrove.
Truck No. 10 -W. W. ouackeubush.
James Henry.
From Clio square Alexis and Ins party proceeded
to the Clarendon Hotel, opposite to wnicti is Are
alarm box No. -idl. At thirtv-ono and a half min
utes past two o'clock. In the presence of a very
large crowd, the Prince applied the key, and, send,
logout aii alarm, retired to the verandah of the
hotel to time the nreuicn. The first company to get
water on the Evoreu House was Twenty engine,
who ran all the way irom the corner or Fifth ave>.
ntie and Eighteenth street to Fourth avenne and.
Elghiceiith and applied water in the space oi twos
minutes and thirly-flvo second*. Ills Imperial
Highness, as well as the Minister aud members of
Aiexls' suite, who were present, warmly compli
me men the Commissioners upon the brtlliaut ap
pearance of the department and tne rapidity oi the*
movements of ibo men.
With the exception of General McDowell nil who
occupied the platiorm wore citizens' clothes, an
well as the Prince.
THE REt'EN'tON Iff PHILADELPHIA.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. W, 1871.
The committee Having in charge the reception of
Alexin in Philadelphia have decided to tunc aw
tickets, at $no each, good for the breakfast at Pair
mount Park and the bail at the Academy. Ticket*
lor the ball alone win be f 15. A special train, fur
nished l>v the Pennsylvania Railroad, will lease
here on Sunday and return iu lue evening witn the
Grand Duke and suite.
THE DIKE'S TRIP IIP TMK HLDSOff.
I Poi'dUKKKPSIK, Nov. is, 1871.
The common Council of this city to-night ac
cepted an luvitartou from the Executive Committee
in Now York to meet the Grand Duke Alexis at West
I'oint ou Friday, and also one from the Russian
Minister to accompany the royal party up the Hod
son on the Mary Powell.
IMV PRIME'S flblT TO BOHlDN.
Boston, Nov. as, mi.
The Grand Duke Alexis is expected to arrive in
Boston on Thursday night, December 7, and remain
the guest of the city duiuig Friday, Saturday and
Sunday, lie will nave apartments at the Keverw
House. The programme tor Ills entertainment ts
not vet completed, but a visit to the Navy Yard,
Isiwell, Cambridge, nnn the musical extinction by
the scuool children, will be included.
PR! PAR IIHMS TO RECEIVE ALEXIN l? NAff
FRAffCHCO.
San Francisco, Nov. an, t87i.
Prepai-aiioits for the reception of the Grand Done
Alexis are being made by the naval authorities.
The Pcnsacola and saranac will ce here for the pur
pose of property honoring the future Grand High
Admiral ol Russia.
ii it hi novum th of ruk win
DIME.
lite programme of ilie Grand uacal paily, -j faf
as now arranged, is as follows:?
The remainder or the present ijeaii is devoied to
the grand ball und other engagements in this city.
on rtnndny evepi*^ tcave lor Philadelphia as al
ready aniiquacod.
ln.ri"?i*V, Decernl>er 5.?Returns to New York.
Thursday, December 7.?Leave tor Boston In the
morning via Bridgeport and ispringfleld, stopping at
the former place *nree and at wpringtleiu two hours,
arriving at Boston 2'>out ten P. M.
Monday morning, t/'?s 11th.?Leave Boston for
Montreal by train of elegant Pullman palace draw
ing ears tendered by tuc Pnllman Company. log
route by which Montreal will be retcheu i? not yet
decided upon. u I
Tuesday, the 12th, will t?e devoted to Montreal.
On Wednesday, tlio 13th, the party bto'ceds t<?
ouuwa, where tho Grand Duke win pay his i poets
to the Governor General.
On Thursday, the I4tn, tney go from Ottawa to
Niagara Falls by Uie Grand Truuit Ibulway.
Complimentary trauu have iteen furnished to the
par'? i>r the rniiroed roDiwnlcn between here ana
Washington, and are offered by the Pe mayl7ama
Central natnoad Company and by the roads fcetwcwD
ml- city and Boston,