“yor XX XL_NO 9.539. NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 187L—WITIl SUPPLEMENT. PRICE FOUR CENTS.
Vew-Dork
Iq
dE AVE
RY flac
Sis) Se
BA

THT FIGHT WITH THE RING
TWEED AND HIS CONFEDERATES.
THE BOS] STILL DEFIANT.
THE BOSS STILL DEEFIANZL
Mr. Tweed positively denicd, yesterday, the
truth of the rumor that he was about to resign his porition
a8 President of tho Commissioners of Public Works and to
withdraw from the contest in the 1Vth Senatorial Dis
srict. The report, it is said, was sct afloat by Benjamin
Wood, or by some one in his interest.
INGERSOLL, GARVEY, AND WOODWARD—RUMORS
CONCERNING THE THREE FUGITIVES,
The regular morning inquiries at the City
Hail, the Bb rid's oftice, aud the Department of Public
Works, arc: Anything about Ingersoll 1” ‘Where's
Garvey now i" or, «Wonder if Woodward's coming
back 1” and the counter greetings are as varied as Demo
eratie fuith in Democratic honesty will admit. The
general opinion yesterday, as expressed in the political
strongholds mentioned, was that if Woodward and
Garvey Were 88 re neible of their own safety as they
were generally supposed to be, they would not come
back at all Mr. Ingersoll's return is hopefully
joked for by thogc who, during his absence, have spoken
go warmly of his integrity. In support of the opinion of
this latter class is the fact that, yesterday, Mr. Ingersoll,
ar. called on Sheriff Brennan and assured him that his
son would return whenever his bondsmen should be
ready to secure his release immediately after his arrest.
Mr. Ingersoll, jr., was in Portland, Me., yesterday, ac
cording to advices received by Sherif Brennan. Inger
sll’s friends were actively engaged during the day in
arranging for his bail bond.
Woodward's retarn is considered very improbable
gven under the most favorable circumstances, but itis
pelieved that he is not far away. Sheriff iirennan sayx
that as lung as these people remain out of the State they
are secure «8 ‘ar as he is concerned, thie suit being a civil
one, a fact which debars him from making arrests of the
defendants anywliere but in his own jurisdiction.
A DOUBTFUL STORY.
The following was received at Tne TRIBUNE
effice last evening:
NORWALK. Coun, Oct, 81.—Woodward is reported by
the Cluet of Police at South Norwdik, to Liuve been icre
last night, and to have goue W New-York ou the easly
mornivg train.
Samuel J. Tilden, Wheeler H. Peckham, and the other
counsel cugupcd in the case Lad not, at a lute hour in the
evening, heard of Woodward's arrival in this city, their
first information being reecived from a TRIBUNE reporter,
who cal'ed to show them the above dispatch, Mr. Peck
ham regarded Woodward's arrest as very doubtful last
evening, but he would make a determined eftort to cape
jure him to-day if the report proved true,
TWEED'S POUGHKEEPSIE MORTGAGE.
Wm. M. Tweed holds a mortgage of £20,000
spon property owned by George Morgan, in Poughkeep
pe. The mortgage was drawn up in April last, and re
sorded Sept. 12, 1871. Mr. Morgan was a member of the
state Senate last Winter. On Monday he appeared at
the Couuty Clerk's office to ascertain if the mortgage
sad been assigned, aud found that it had not.
etm
THF RING LI'MBERMAN.
AOW G. L. SCHUYLER MADE LARGE PROFITS ON
CITY ORDERS AND ENABLED OTHER> TO ROB
THE TREASURY.
Garret L. Schuyler, a lumber merchant, do
ing Lusincss at the foot of East Thirty-fifth-st., was
charged, in the earlier Ring exposures, with having been
the Ring contractor for lumber, and a participant in the
spoliation of the City Treasury. It was stated that
awong the vouchers surreptitiously obtained from the
Controller's office by County Auditor James Watson,
were vouchers to the amount of $427,087 27, bearing the
name of Garret L. Schuyler. Upon the publication of
\his fact, Mr. Schuyler sent a card to THE TRIBUNE, stat
ing that on referring to his books he found that the first
of such payments by the city was wade in January, 1863,
from which time to June 22, 1870, be only received $48,
110 ¢4. He concluded by stating that he would cheerfully
show any persons authorized to make the investigation
that be gave full value for the money received.
Acting upon this hint the counsel for the Committee of
Reve uty appiicd to him for information, but to their sur
prise he declined to give any assistance, and referred
shen to his lawyer, who was equally reticent.
Mr. Schuyler was unwilling to give a TRIBUNE reporter
uy information, insivuating that “it was nouc of Lis
pusiness.” It hus been ascertained, however, that if Le
1id not receive $427,007 27, it was upon his vouchers that
{his amound was taken from the Treasury.
He beguy to frruish lumber indirectly to the city in
1864, through the wedium of John Davidson, formerly a
boss carpenter and builder, bat now President of the
Manufacturers and Builders’ Bauk in Third-ave. David
yon repaired and Yhuilt piers and did other work, always
ontenting Limself, as is alleged, with a bandsome
profit and never descending to extortion. In 1868
jchuyler ohiained the city orders for lumber,
wd after filling them prescnted Lis first bill for an vn
warrantabie a mount. The Ring officials, quick to detect
fhe extortion, and to avail themselves of it, insisted
Rat the amount ghould be raised to satiefy their ra
pacity. Schuslerat first decliued to do it, aud in a con
rersation with a relative, said—* Those Ring fellows are
yutrageons,” But having once made out an improper
sill and placed hlm=ef in the power of the Ring he could
not withdraw, for if he had done this they would have
Rireatenel to expose him. He could mot
rerify his biil by oath, nor substitute
v Just for the unjust account, as he would
bave furnisbed evidence in his own handwriting of his
attempt to defraud the city, To get his money and save
umeelf, be was obliged to comply with their demands.
His bills enabled others to draw money from the treas
wry, and he was haudsomely paid for his labor and mate
rials. It is eaid that Jacob L. Miller, a brother-in-law, of
Wo. 180 East Thirtieth-st., has the documentary evidence
of Behuyler's transactions. Schuyler is reputed to be
worth several hundred thousand dollars, and lives in
East Sixtieth-st,
MAYOR HALL AND THE GRAND JURY.
WHAT A GRAND JUROR BAYS OF THE HALL
CASE.
WHAT A GRAND JUROR SAYS OF THE HALL
CASE.
A member of the Grand Jury which was
discharged yesterday, in epeaking of the failure to indict
Mayor Hall, says that the District-Attorney appeared
before the Jury and denied the assertion that he had
tailed to subpena the witnesses whose names were
given him by the Committee of Beventy. He said that
only two of these witnesses were not brought, and the
failure to present these witnesses was because they
could not be found. Of the testimony adduced at the
examination, thi« gentleman says that the weakest of all
Matewents was that wade by Mr. George Jones. He
was asked what be knew of Mayor Hall’s dishonesty and
he said Nothing;” he did not know that Mayor Hall
ever extracted a dollar from the City Treas
pry, nor would he say that he knew
Mayor Hall to be dishonest. He was then
asked if he knew anything at all against Mayor Iall’s
character, and his reply was the same as before, he knew
“nothing.” He was requested w divulge the name of
kis informaut in the matter of the charges published by
Bim against Mayor Hall, but he refused, saying that such
@aclosure would be a revelation of transactions in the
sanctum of The Times. Among the other witnesses ex
amined were Thowas A. Ledwith, Jackson 8. Schultz,
Audrew H. Green, and ex-Deputy Controller Storrs, but
all the testimony wa weak, and pot of the character
which tle Jury expected would be set before them.
S— A
GARVEY RTILI, MISRING.
ee
4he rumor published yesterday afternoon of
tbe reappearance of Garvey was f.unded upon the as
8ertion of two Supreme Court officers. Several Deputy
Bheriffs, end others likely to know if be had returned,
denied the report.
It was said by certain Democrats that Garvey and In
£7801 will not be arrested until the amount of bail to be
4etuanded shall be fixed. This may mean that Tweed
©8a sad will produce them as soon as be ascertains that
se bail will not be so excessive as to render It unobtain
a
TAMMANY'S RERVANTS.
SHE QUALIFICATIONS OF A PAVEMENT INSP
ST WVRIMEPIGATIUNS UF A YAYENMERT INBPECT
 OR=—A CURIOUS COLLOQUY.
About 30 of the inspectors of pavements and
Sewers called at the Controller's office, yesterdsy, and
@euanded to see Mr, Green. As he comld not receive
tern 846 000m as they wished, they grew somewhat tur
Bulent and indulged in mdeh loud and threatening talk,
hich was stopped by the eppesrance of few poilee
008. As soon as Mr, Green had finished the business Le

WS transacting, thoes of he inomastars ware adautied

to his private room, where the following couversation
took place:
Inspector—Mr. Green, why don’t we get our money!
Our Jy HW have been made out for rome time, and we
are all hard up. As for myself, unless I pay wy rent by
he first of November, I shall bo turned into the street.
Mr. Green (interrupting him)—Thero i8 no necessity
for waking a long bo ko 1 yerfoculy understand your
case. The cause of the wrongs of which you complain
antidates the time of my coming into office, and I am do
jug all Ican for you. In due time you will all get your
rights.
a Another Tnepector—Mr. Green, I am in an equally bad
x.
Mr. Groen—Are you a professional paver or sewer
maker
Ingpector—No, Bir, I am not, and, in order to inspect
pavements it is not necessary to be a professional paver,
Mr. Green—What is your business
Ingpector—1 have none.
Mr. Green—Then vou think that a man can inspect
pavements without knowing any thing about them 1
Inspector—Yes, if he is a man of education and has
specifications to go by; Iam educated; I graduated at
the school in Bixteenti-st., and then I went to college for
three years in Kentucky after I ene back to New-York
I wae a reporter for one of the papers, but, not having
the qualifications to distinguish myself in that line, I left
it, and got a position us inspector of pavements,
Mr. Green—You think, then, from this, that you can
inspect pavements t
Ingpector—Yes, Sir, T do.
Anouier Iuspector—Mr. Green, do you intend to pay
us
Mr. Green—I do, just as roon as I can; Iam now ex
amining your pay-rolls. I tind that some of your bills
are correct, and such as I have found to be so will be
paid to-morrow but I shall pay no bills until 1 have care
fully examined them.
Mr. Green then directed Mr, Storrs to have paid, to
day, the men whoee accounts had been found to be cor
rect, and the committee withdrew.
BartiMory, Oct. 31.<There was a fair at
tendance at the Maryland Jockey Club races to-day, not
withstanding the threatening weather and heavy track.
TUL HURDLE RACE,
This was the firet race to-day, for which there were
only two entries, Dick Jackson aud Astronoiwer; but, as
both horses were trained in the same stable, there was
no betting. Astronomer led for a mile and threequar
ters, with Dick Jackson two lengths behind, both horses
jumping the hurdles beantifully, Turning intothe home
stretedh, Dick Jackron closed up, and the last hurdle was
taken by both siwunltapeously. An exciting fuish re
sulted in Dick Jackson winning by a neck.
RUMMARY.
Fire Racer <llordle reece. two mils, over vight hurdies,
A. Tarlac eh hb Dick Jackon, hy Reve ce, cam Vietane, 145 0ba,
KR. Shea's Le. Astronomer, ny Asteroid dawn by Lexipton, Loo lbs... 2
Rema.
This race was for two-year-olds, one mile; and of the
51 entries, three started, Joe Daniels, Inversnaid, and
Rebba. The betting was $100 to £25 on Joe Daniels, and
hie won with the greatest ease, thus reoring another vie
tory for Col. McDanicls's fortunate stable. luversnaid
was second,
SUMMARY.
CENTRAL STAKES—{0T two-s en. clus, $50 each, p. p.. with $500 added,
one mile.
D. McDaniels's eh. Joe Daniele, by Australian....... 1
R. W. Cameron's br. 1. laversnaid, by Leamington... coooeenes 2
Gov. Bowes ci. f. Reba, by Jack Malone «.ovvervrnrccisnee 3
The Handicap purse of $1,200, two-mile heats, had eight
starters—Conductor, 90 pounds; Midday, 104 pounds;
John Merriman, 9 pounds; Vanda, 90 pounds; Hanover,
8&0 pounds; Allie Huut, 90 pounds; Catina, 90 pounds,
and Finesse, 100 pounds, Midday sold for $170; John
Merriman, $110; Allie Hunt, 60; Finesse, $55; Field, $155.
In the first heat, Catina made the running throughont
and won by two lengths; Alife Hunt second, Conductor
third; Finesse, Evanda, aud Hanover distanced, The
betting was now Catina, $00: Allie Hunt, $105; Field,
$70. The second heat was won by Conductor, John Mer
riman two lengths behind, and Allie Hunt third. The
betting atter the heat was Conductor, $4.0; Merriman,
850, and the field, $50. The favorite and Merriman ran
locked together for a wile and three-quarters, when the
fatter fell back beaten, and Ailic Hout challenged Con
ductor, but the latter won a splendidly contested race by
a length, John Merriman third, the others beaten off,
SUMMARY.
rr $8. ssc BY OAR Pre oN cnn that hates iis £t the Merting WOH
.ie LeAls,
W. R. BabeocX's b. Conductor........... PPP
Ww. Sinaia’ ch, m. Catina
F. Lal's c. John Merriman
T Laris's bh. Allie Hans
T. W. Dosweli's bo m. Mudd
A. Belmonts ch. m. Fi
W. Glenn s eh, g. Vand
EW. Rogersseh.
1
4 5
25
32
5 5 4
Ese 1
‘4 Is
eur a LT)
RoxnovrT, Oct. 31.—The Kingston Park races
were well attended, to-day, and the track wasn splen
did condition. Inthe race for the purse of $300, Major
Ed=all was first in three gtraizht heats, Major King sec
oud, Lady Whitman third. Time, 2:324, 2:35, 2135. White
wick was first in the race for $200, Live Oak second, and
Bay Harry thivd, Time, 244, 2i4a4, 20408, 2404, 247%, In
the race for $100, Mail Boy was tirsi, General second, and
Time third, Tie, 2:574, 2543, 2:57%.

ROWING ON THE PFOTOMACGC,
WasHINGTON, Oct. 81.—In the race between
the Potomac Boat Club of Georgetown and the Anacosti
Boat Club of Washington, a mile and a half aud repeat,
the latter Club won the challenge cup, valued at $200,
beating the Potomac Club 1 minute 42 seconds,
HEAVY CUBTOMB BEIZUREB ON THE CANADA
RORDER
Coxcorp, N. H., Oct, 81.—Eighteen hundred
sheep and six horses, brought through from Canada by
Rugg McFarland, were seized last night at White River
Junction, oy a Customs officer, for under-valuation. The
t ‘win on which they were loaded had bucked over from
West Lebanon and was about to start. Twelve carloads
were seized at Roxbury.
Re. B Poa
_...The United States steam-frigate Franklin has
arrived ju Boston. Crew all well,
gh Sie natant Wbington wil o
eof the Independence of Bwitseriund. $y sists uggiver
....The Enterprise Insurance Com Phil
sdelphia bas Roi iby bes iaade an assignment Pony, all
Company for life insurance and the granting of unnities.
....The report of the Health-Officer of Philadel
pita gives the number of ganas, of mall-pos during lost noch wi 4st,
Tod a (he year 1.447. The deaths from wmall pos during
OUT-DOOR SPORTS.
ll
THE TURF.
RACING IN MARYLAND.
THE CENTRAL STAKLS,
THF CONSOITIATION PLLRSY.,
This race, for horses beaten at the meeting, one nile
and a half, bad five runoers Preakness, Nellie Ransom,
Alroy, By the fea, and Frogtown. Preakness was the
favorite against the fleld, at $500 to $400. Frogtown went
off with the lead, but was quickly passed by Alroy, who
led Frogtown a length as they passed the stand the firet
time; By the Sea third, &ix lengths behind the latter;
Nellie Ransom fourth, and Preakness last, The latter on
the back-streteh made a vigorous effort; but Alroy re
tained his lead throughout, and won easily by eix lengths,
SUMMARY.
CoNsoLATION PrRse— $500, lor borses beaten during the meeting,
one and a lad mye:
J. Donaline's ch, A'roy creer Ea TIES
M. H. Nooford's b. ce. onto heres res
1
PIT ee 2
A. Belwant's ch, By tue Rea........
3
WW. Nirgleld's be Frogloan..........
roe
W. Babeock's cb. f. Nelle Rambo. eens sr
5
THE HANDICAY RACE.
Handicap purse $1,200 for al “ages that have run at the meeting, two
PACING AT KINGSTON.
ROWING ON THE POTOMAC,
NO NEWS OF THE GRAND DUKE.
lp
TTARD FARE ON THE TALLATOOSA,
ALAND YY AMNL VAN ARLE AAMAS VVC
U. 8, Frigate CoNGRESs, LOWER Bay, Oct.
31—85 p. m.—Nothing has been heard yet from the Rus
tian Bquadron. The Congress, Kansas, and Iroquois
have lain at anchor off Gravesend Bay during the past
week, while the Tallapoosa, Lieut. McRitchie, has been
stationed off Bandy Hook, and during the long days and
nights both officers and men have been on the alert for
the signal which should announce the coming of the Im
perial visitor. This afternoon at 3, however, the Kansas
Commander Charles Hatfleld, steamed down to Sandy
Hook and relieved the Tallapoosa from ler
disagreeable post. She had been Separated from the
fleet for several days, and an utter disregard of her in
terests by the JToDet authorities had left her officers and
crew absolutely without any food other than the salt
bacon and dry crackers included In the ship's bill of fare
The coming of the Kansas was, therefore, hailed with
undfeguised gladness and a ratifaction made doubly
keen by the Prospects of a newly-filled larder and a
steaming galley. The Tallapoosa raised her anchor, and,
after balting at the fleet, started for the Navy-Yurd to
coal, Bhe wilpgeturn to the squadron to-morrow.
A NAVAL BALL.
A meeting of naval officers was held at the Lycenm,
in the Brooklyn Navy-Yard, yesterday, to hear the re
port of a committee focently Appointen to consider the
Syutsct of entertaining the Grand Duke and the officers
of the Russian fleet. The report recommends that a
ball be given in the reoeiving stores wilde, the invita
tions to be limited to 1,000. As the Grand Duke
is a naval officer, it is believed that the invitation to the
ball, to be giyeu to him through Admiral Smith, will be
accepted without hesitation. Khe committee signing the
report are
Pay Director J. C. ¥Mdredge, Chairman; Capt. George M. Ransom,
Pay birector G. R. Barry, Naval Constructor B. F. Delano, Commander
RB. Chandler, Commander D. L. Craine, Commander D. B. Harmony,
Medical Inspector George Peck, Lieut.-Col. J. L. Broome, U. 8B. M. C,
Capt. H. A. Bartlett, 0. 8. M. C., aud Lieut.-Commander Edward
oker
TELEGRAPHIC NOTES.
AQUATIC.
THE NEW ARMY ACT GOING INTO EXECUTION—
ACCIDENT ON THE STEAMER CITY OF BRUS
ACCIDENT ON THE STEAMER CITY OF BRUS
BELS,
LONDON, Tuesday, Oot. 81, 1871.
The Gazette, this eyening, publishes the new
regulations made to carry out the provisions of the bill
for the abolition of the purchase system in the army.
The maln feature of these regulations is the rigid exam
ination which all applicants are required to pass before
they can receive a military commission.
The Inman steamer City of Brusselstonched at Queens
town this morning. Her commander reports having en
countered a hurricane off the Irish coast, during which
the fourth officer was lost overboard, several of the crew
being severely injured,
The trial of Kelley creates much excitement in Dublin,
The police are hissed, and the prisoner cheered in passing
from the prison to the Court-room.
A meeting of the holders of Spanish bonds was held to
day. A committee was appointed and fustructed to rigor
ously oppose the threatened tax of 18 per cent onSpanish
coupons.
The British bark S8agahalien, belonging to the port of
North Shields, has been totally wrecked in the Mediver
rancan, off the harbor of Denia, on the Spanish coast,
ee tl—
THE COMMUNIST PRISONERS—AN ADDRESS FOR
THE EX-EMPEROR.
PARIS, Tuesday, Oct. 31, 1871,
It ir thought that none of the Communists
remaining in prison will be executed, with the exception
of M. Ferré,
An address to the ex-Emperor Napoleon is elrenlating
for signatures among the officers and soldiers who
served in the army under the Empire. When a suf
ficient number of signatures have been obtained it will
be forwarded to Chiselburst. Its coutents have not
been made public.
The disbandment of the National Guard throughout
France is nearly completed. The General Council of
Corsica is engaged in a hot disenssion over a motion to
annul the election of M. Conti, formerly Private Scere
tary of the ex-Emperor,
ff
BARON HOLZETHAN FORMING A NEW CABINET.
VIENNA, Tuesday, Oct. 31, 1871,
The formal letter of the Emperor aceepting
the resignations of the Hohenwarth Ministry Is pub
lished here this morning, ‘The Emperor thanks the Min
isters for ther services, and praises the devotion to
patriotic duties which has characterized their discharge
of the public functions they are about to relinquish.
With the correspondence is made the official notification
that the Baron Holzethan has been deputed to forma
Cabinet. Baron Holzethan was Minister of Finance in
the Cubinet of Count Potoeki.
a]
ARREST OF CONSPIRATORS AT BARCELONA,
MAvRID, Tuesday, Oct, 31, 1871,
Further arrests of conspirators have been
made at Barcelona, and additional evidence of their
guilt has been brought to light, Stores of arms, bombs,
and other wunitions of war have heen discovered,

THE GOVERNORS OF STATES NEARLY ALL AD
HERE TO JUAREZ—THE CAPTURE OF RAL
TILLO DENIED.
MATAMOROS, Oct. 27.—A courier from Tam
pico arrived to-day, and brings news from the capital to
the 23d. All was quict there, Diaz was not in the field.
Nearly all the Governors of States had sent congratula
tions to Juarez, and offered their services to suppress the
Monterey pronunciamento. The Juarists deny the re
ported capitulition of Saltillo, The revolutionis!s hold
the avn ef «f egommunio. tion between the border
and Manterev

HAVE THEY GONE TO SEIZE THE HORNET?
HAVANA, Tuesday, Oct, 51, 1571.
The Spanish man-of-war Pizarro leaves to
day to go “Eastward.” Others are to follow,
CUBA.
To (he Lditor of The Iribune.
Sir: In your issue of to-day appears a long
communication from a conspicnous friend ot the Cu
bans,” in which the question is asked, Have the own
ers of the Hornet no rights worthy of congideration 1” If
our friend will vieit the office of the Clerk of the Circuit
Court for the Sonthern District of New-York he will find
that said owners enjoy one of the highest privileges of
American citizens, viz., that of being sued, When the
Hornet left the port of New-York on her last trip, she
was manned by a crew who were promised good wages
for what it was asserted might be a dangerous voyage.
The crew worked well, did its duty, and was rewarded
by being discharged at Aspluwall—if Tam not mistaken
in the name of the port—withont pay, and in many cases
without a cent to bring them howe, The wajority of
them, however, reached New-York, and after vainly en
deavoring to get their pay by appealing to the honor of
the “patriots,” they have sought justice at the hands of
the Unitec States authorities, and these gentlemen who
“have no viehtr worthy of consideration,” interpose the
defense that the expedition wus an illegal one, and
therctore the law cannot interfere. Really, this device
ix “100 thin" to deceive any one. If the Hornet will
only come to New-York she will be placed in the custody
of an officer of the court, quite icrespective of any
claims which the Spanish authorities may have against
her. Yon have been doing yeoman work in the past few
months by your open denunciations of seamen’s boarding
houses, shanghais, and other frauds of this eity. Will you
not say one word for these men who started on a danger
ous expedition for poor Cuba,” not knowing but that
thelr Fen might pay for their jenesity. and who are
pow denied the paltry pittance whichist eir due, on the
ground, forsooth, that they were engaged in an illegal
expedition? I humbly submit, Eir, that in face of these
facets xympathy for the owners of the Hornet becomes
mandlin sentimentality. E. J. C.
New-York. Oct. 31, 1871.
om
FRIGITFUL LOSS OF LIFE—INSURRECTIONS AT
SCHIRAZ AND TABRIS.
FRIGHTILLs LAT LTE Jal fe iN LX is aw 2
SCHIRAZ AND TABRIS.
A letter dated Teheran August 7, in the
Cologne Gazette, states that cholera, pestilence, famine
and bad government make the situation in Persia more
horrible from day to day. Of the 120,000 inhabitants of
Meschad, the capital of Khorasan, two-thirds perished
from bunger and disease in the conrse of July last, while
the remaiuing third fled, and were mostly captured by
roving troops of Turkomans and Afghans, and led into
slavery. At Bchiraz and Tabris insurrections have bro
ken out. The cholera declared itself at the latter plac e—
which suffered also terribly from an inundation—and on
the Turkish frontier a$ Solimanich cases of Jfilence
have occurred. The inbabitants of the capital, Xaowing
that a petition to the Shah would remain withou
answer, addressed thomselves to the foreign representa
tives, who declined to intervene. When, at the beginning
of August, tho Bhah returned to his Supital, be was re
Setved before the gates by thousands of owing Women,
who were afterward dispersed by the police. Bhah
took up his residence in a neighboring castle, and {ssucd
a decree orderiug the sale of bread ata nominal price.
No bread came forth, and the Shah then ordered, as rem
edia) measures, to put into chains the vizier of the town,
to slit open the belly of the chief baker, and to put sev
eral A bakers into their evens. The emeute was
thereby put down, but not the prevailing misery, and 8
terrible catastrophe 18 expected.
J
POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT IN THE HORIUN
CASE.
Toroxrto, Canada, Oct. 81,.—The Ottawa cor
respondent of The Globe telegraphs that the policy of the
Government is not to demand the restitution of the
schooner Horton, as abe has not been condemned by the
courts. The point of the argument seems to be that, as
the vessel bas been taken possession of 4 the origin
owners and carried out of the J ction the
ex of tha Dominion, there 18 no case.
Cememv nw A MIRRIRSIPPI STEAMER.
Mexprs, Oct. 81.—The crew of the steamer
Mary Boyd mutinjed this morning. An attack was made
on the mate, who shot negro named John Killon twice,
wounding him severely. The timely arrival of the police
saved the mate's life. Beversl of the rioters have been
arrested but the ringleaders escaped.
BOILER EXPLOBION—ONE MAN KILLED AND
CRVERAL INJURED,
Oswego, Oct. 81.—The boiler in Unirn's
tennery, at Tioge Centre, N. Y., exploded at 7 o'clock
this morning, killing wan pamed Van Auder, and se
versely inpared George Onirin and several othems. Twe
FOREIGN NEWS.
GREAT BRITAIN.
FRANCE.
AUSTRIA
SPAIN.
MEX)
TIE HORNET'S CREW UNPAID,
THY PFRSIAN FAMINE.
HE NEW DOMINION.
houses were demolighed. The boller was thrown a dis
tance of 300 feet, It was old, and an over pressure of
steam caused the disaster,
RAILROAD LAND SUBSIDIES BEFORE CONGRFSS—
THE STEEL PATENTS—A CABINET MEETING—
GEN. SPINNER’S REPORT.
RAILROAD LAND SUDRIVIES DEFORE CONGRESS
THE STEEL PATENTS—A CABINET MEETING—
GEN. SPINNER’S REPORT.
WASHINGTON, Tuerday, Oct. 31, 1871.
{BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNRE.|
The next session of Congress will open without finding,
as has been usual for several years past, a large number
of railroad land subsidy echemes on its dockets
There are only eight or ten such bills before the House
mostly relating to Southern roads, and about the same
number on the Senate files, When tho XLIst Congress
adjourned there were nearly 60 bills of this character on
the Speaker's table, besides a number killed in Committee,
It 1s reported that a lobby has been formed to revive a
majority of these measures, in order to increase thelr
chanee of passage, Ttis understood thet the subsidies
will be so framed as to provide that only the proceads of
the lands granted as gettled npon in the regular form, in
stead of the acreage itself, shall be given the raliroads,
Some attempt was made to introduce this plan in the
last Congress, but it was unsuccessful,
Many of the patentees of the method for refining steel
from iron, who have their applications for a reissue pend
ing before the Commissioner of Patents, have signified
their 4. tention of withdrawing the same, and trusting to
the foriginal patents granted them for protection as
prior inventors. These applications for a reissue, of
which there are a large number, were made for the pur
pose of gecuring a patent for refining steel containing
additional specifications, which were unintentionally
omitted In the original applications, The rulings of the
Patent Office require that applications for a reissue must
be considered as if no patent had previously been
granted, and therefore there are probabilities that the
objections and interference cases which arise, when the
question of reissue is agitated, might prevent the ex
aminers from granting the reissue, and thereby render
the original patent null and void. Commissioner Leggett
RL of oplion that the cases for o reissue will all be with
drawn, and where the original patents are interfered
with the owners will settle the question in the courts,
Senator Scott, Chairman of the Joint Relect Committee
on Southern Outrages, arrived here this morning. He
will at once Legin work on his report to Congress, giving
the facts in connection with the disturbed condition of
the South as adduced before the Joint and subCommit
tees, Tho report will not be as large as the one previ
ously introduced, but the districts in the South in which
the demoralized condition of afleirs 18 most prominent
will be dwelt upon at length,
The estimates of appropriations required to meet the
expenses of the United States Senate for the flecal year
ending June 20, 1873, have just been prepared by the Sec
retary of the Senate. The amount called for is $658,090.
This includes the salaries and mileage of Senators, the
officers of the Senate, the clerical foree, and all incidental
expenses, The estimates for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1873, are $7,000 less than for a hike period in 1872.
The Postmaster-General hus been forced to relinquish
his attempt to fit one-armed soldiers for the position of
mail agents on railroads and other occupations of like
character connected with his Department, from the fact
that the work required of them could not be performed
with one hand, »uclh annoyance is oceasioned in the
Pos. Office Department by the resignation at the rate of
C2001 40 a day of Postmasters in little out-of-the-way
places, where no applicants are found, and where no
body an be induced to accept the official honor, Many
of t sc offices have been closed for want of otlice
wkeel.
4 «e Cabinet meeting to-day, a petition from Chicago
w. ad, signed by Representatives of both political
asking that troops be stationed in that city for
th tection of property, those which were there im
ul cly after the late fire having been withdrawn. In
ac mee with the petition, an order has been fssued
Bb igen ha portion of the sth Infantry, now at Willet’s
Po, will be dispatched to Chicago. fhe subject of tho
Ku-Klux arrests in “Bouth Carolina wag eoasiqored, At
torney-General Akerman stating the result of his late
visit to that State, The prisoners having asked to
bo released on bail, it was thought best to leave
that matter to the discretion of Mr. Akerman.
The Government will continue the prosecutions in
Utah, and if necessary, additional troops will be gent to
that Territory, It is known that some of the Federal
officers have asked for troops to aid the Executive au
thorities in makivg arrests, but this is considered by the
heads of military aflairs here to be inexpedient unless
thiere ehould be resistance to such an extent as to require
the additional force. Much fs left to the discretion of
(Gen. Augur, who has taken measures to insure tran
quility and to further the end. of justice. With the ex
ception of the above-named subjects, no business of lw
Furtance was transacted, though the meeting continued
bree hours,
Treasurer Spinner will, in his annual report, notice
what he terms *‘an infamous libel” upon the Treasury
Department generally, and upon himself in particular,
which appeared in a New-York newspaper, and which
was shown to him on his return from Europe, The ar
ticle was headed, Leak in the Treasury—Millions of
Dollars Abstracted,” ete. After a long review of the
Sat ct, fortitied by extracts and references from the
books of his ofiice, the Treasurer says the charge of the
destruction of six cart-loads of account-books, like the one
that he had taken, on warrants made payable to
F. E. Spinner, moueys amounting to over $3,000,000,
and for which he had not accounted, is, he hopes, suft
ciently disproved by the simple statement of facts, tho
truth of which ean be veritied by any one who may claim
to examine the records and papers that are accessible
in the various offices of the departinent to which they
properly belong, The charge that he arrived iu England
ou the 20th of May and procecded to Baden, where bo
warted with his Sotifan]ous and disappeared, was in per
Bet keeping with all the rest. The whole article from
the beginning to the end, so far as any material fact is
concerned, is, Gen, Spiuner says, an unwitigated lie, and
was 80 known by its getters up when it was invented
penned, and published. It has been said of municipal
officials of northern city that they do not deny the
charge of robbery of the public moucy made against
them. There is reason to believe that, Joking advantage
of my ubsence in a foreign laud, these false charges
against the Treasury Department that originated in the
organ of the *Ring’" in that city, and whose editor 18 one of
its members of the 8cnate of the State, were buck-fire,”
and stop-thief”’ dodges, and wade with a view to draw
attention from themselves and their stealings,” and
that they Toit say: “Why should we deny general
charges of official dishonesty, when an official of the
Natiounl Government, who 1s charged more specifically
with wrong-doing, makes no denial.” These were the
motives that induced me to swerve from the general rule,
not to give heed to slanders and libels.
A statement furnished by the Chief of the Bureau of
Statistics of the number of vessels aud Yinnike of the
United States on June 3, 1671, a8 compared with the cor
responding date of 1870, shows a gain over 1870 of 76 sail
ing vessels, with a tunnage of 32,120.87; 158 steam vessels
of 34,106.51 tuns, and 955 upkigged vessels of 99,626.29 tuns,
or a total of 1,159 vessels, with a tunnage of 165,262.67.
The President ioday suspebded W. F. Forbes, Invalid
Pension Agent of Philadelphia, at the request of the
Commissioner of Pensions. He is charged with being a
defaulter to the amount of $25,000, which, it is said, he
has expressed his williugness to restore to the Goveru
ment.
The President, Secretary of War, and Gen. Sherman
are now engaged In Feol galizing the military depart
ments of the country, and au order will soon be issued
making changes in the geographical limits of some of
the dcparustute, and changes in the commanders
thereof.
The United States steamer Wabash, faganip of the
European squadron, will sail from Boston about the lat
ter part of next week for Europe. Gen. Bherman and
Col. Audenried of his staff leave here early next week
for Boston to take passage on the Wabash, They will be
absent about six months.
Sefior Don Bantiage Pore, who for some time past has
been the Minister ident here from the United States
of Colombia, to-da Hl delivered his credentials to the Presi
dent ns Envoy Extraordinary. The usual exchange of
courtesies took place.
THE “WOOLSEY FUND” OF YALE COLLEGE
At the Commeneement of Yale College in
1871, a resolution was adqpted by the Alumni, “That a
fund of $500,000 be raised, to be called the Woolsey Fund,
and to be placed at the disposal of the Corporation of
Yale College for any purposes connected with the Uni
versity; and tliat, in order to Say Sule resolution into
pct, sommitis df (0 0, ABR net rac ay
nerease 1ts n r not excee F id
The Committee spouted under this Ck Lg
determined as follows:
Firsi: Subscriptions will be received from anybody, in
any form, of any amount, payable in any manner,
Snirely at tho option of the ger, save that they must
be to the Woolsey Fund free any conditions. Gifts
to the College for Special objects will not constitute a
art of this Graduates will be Sesighiatod
A act in behalf of the Committee in ull the
classes and in sll departments of the University, They
will be supplied with cireulars and subscription papers.
Third: To persons of fixed income it 1s sug gored that
thelr subscriptions be made Jayatio in aunaal instell
ments, on or before ly 1st of in each year for five
SUCCESSIVE Years. order to secure success, it is im
portant that evyry fuduate contribute according to his
moans. Fourth: Rtapost way be made to the Col
lege Treasurer, Heury C. ingaley, esq., New-Haven, or
w he Tromurer of the Committee, Alexander H, Btevens,
08q., er of the Gallatin National Bank, New-York.
The moneys received will be placed at intarest for the
benefit of the fund. Nienover the sum in the treasyry
shall amount to $100,000 t wil be paid over ta the Corpo
re Yo et of By sr sagan,
resolution, or n
be cased th the Kooutive Dommostes the Wool
‘sey Fuad of Yale College,” Box 2.344. New-Haven,
WASHINGTON.
ICENFRATL PRESS DISPATCH)
FISK. JR.. ARRESTED.
THE ERIE RAILWAY RING TOPPLING TO
ITS RUIN.
PETER B, SWEEXY INVOLVED IN THE THREAT
ENED CATASTROPHE—FISK, JR., JAY GOULD,
AND OTHER ERIE AND TAMMANY MAGNATES,
DENOUNCED—A NICE LITTLE QUARREL AND
EXPOSURE IN PREPARATION—FISK'S ANTICI
PATION OF A STONE PALACE AT SING BING—
AND A COTTAGE OUTSIDE ITS WALLS.
The order of arrest which had been issued
against James Fisk, ir., charged with using funds belong
ing to Mrs, Helen Josephine Mansfield while acting in a
fiduciary capacity for that lady, was served, yesterday
afternoon, by Deputy-Sheriff Judson Jarvis. At4o’clock
Mr, Jarvis walked into Mr, Fisk’s room, at the Grand
Opera House, and addressing his prisoner said: Mr.
Fisk, I have an order for your arrest. Itis granted in
the suit of Mrs. Helen Josephine Mansfleld agaiust you.”
Fisk iaughed heartily, as though the joke was too good
to pass with ordinary merriment. *“8o, its Mansfield
again, 18 it, Well, I have bondsmen here,” and Mr, Fisk
calied Mr, Charles Robinson of Fishkill and Mr. B, W,
Blanchard, who were introduced by Mr. Jarvis, and said
that they offered themselves as Mr. Fisk's bondsmen.
Each of the gentlemen qualified themselves as bondsmen
by swearing that he owned twice his share of the bond,
and both were accepted.
Mr. Jarvis, who has charge of the Order of Arrest De
partment in the Sheriff's Office, refused to allow the
affidavits in the case to be seen, on the ground that the
injunction which interfered with the publication of the
letters affected the affidavits of Mrs. Mansfield and Mr,
Stokes, Mr. Stokes’s affidavit is simply to the effect that
he delivered certain letters of Mrs. Mansfield to Mr.
Peter B, Sweeny. The order of arrest was granted on
these two affidavits. Mr, Jarvis also refused to give the
name of one of the bondsmen, on the ground that he was
a personal friend and did not wish his name given to the
public in connection with the matter, This gentleman's
name has since been ascertained to be, a8 above stated,
B. W. Blanchard, and he is described as the person who
signs a certain class of vouchers for the present Eric
Railway Directors, The character of these vouchers has
not been ins estigated by Tie TRIBUNE, but probably Las
bv the shareholders.
A SPICY LETTER.
HELEN JOSEPHINE MANSFIELD TO JAMES
FISK, JR.
The following interesting communication was
furnished to the newspapers yesterday from an un
known source. We have reason to know that it is genu
ine, and give it as a part of the history of very remark
able transactions in which the public is interested
James Fisk, JR.
Hii: You and your minions of the Erie Railway Com
pauy are endeavoring to circulate that I am attempting
to extort money from you, by threatened publication of
your private letters to me. You know how shamefully
false this is, and Ye you encourage and aid it, Had this
been my intention, I bad a whole trunk full of ous 1a,
teresting letters, some of which I would blush to say I
nad received. If you were not wholly devoid of all
decency and shame, you would do differently, kuowing,
as you do, that when your own notes to wy orders are
brought into the Courts, your letters acknowledging
your indebtedness to me, you will appear all the more
contemptible and cowardly. You are no sooner ap
prised of my proceedings against you than Iam served
with an injunction order requiring me to surrender up
all the letters you wrote me and prohibiting me from
talking about them. This indeed looks toe like a
“Field” movement worthy the great and distinguished
Erie lawyer. Do you in your sinc moments imagine
that I will quietly submit to the deliberate and wicked
perjury in swearing to these injunction papers! (and to
the credit of New-York, Lam glad to shy you were
obliged to get them in Brooklyn). Unfortunately for
yourself, I know too well the many crimes you have
perpetrated, Was it not OBIY Fecenyy you bought over
wy servants, a negro boy, Richard E. King, also my
cook, and bribed them to perjure themselves to aid pr in
yourvillainy? Thave tho swory proof of what I tell Jou,
and more. You surely recollect the fated Black Friday
—the gold brokers you gave orders to to buy gold, and
then repudiated the same, because, as you sald, they had
no witnesses to your transactions. There was onc I re
collect in particular, sou of Abraham, who had the
courage to swear out an attachment against
the Grand Opera House for what was justly due him,
and how you aud Jay Gould ruined the poor victim by
breaking up bis business, and having him arrested and
imprisoned for peijury. Aud at tle time you premedi
tated this erime, you well knew he held your written or
der to buy gold, and you were the perjurers, You arc
aware, lit the papers you served ou me, you swore to
what was wicked and false, for it was only a few days
previous thereto you sent Mr, Hubbell to offer me Te
ducements to give you an order on the Hon. Peter B.
Sweeny for my original affidavit and your letters to me,
which docutnents Sweeny Sot possession of, as they com
promised him and other Tammany magnates in the di
vision of the Erie Rell way pliner, But I positively re
fused to give the required order. Kuowiug your doiugs
as I do, do you wouder I object to you and Four minions
practicing the same upon me?
It is an everlasting shame and disgrace that you should
compel ous who bas xrown up with you from nothiug to
thie now great Erie Li presastio to go to the Courts for a
vindication of her rights, which you refuse to adjust for
reasons you too well know. It is ouly four years ago
since you revealed to me your schewe for stealing the
Eric books; bow ypu fled with thew to Jersey City, god I
remained there with you nine long weeks; how, en
you were buying the Legislature, the many anxious
pights I passed with you at the telegraph wire, when
you told me it was cither a Fisk palace in New-York or
a stone palace at 8ing Sing, and, 1f the latter, would I
take a cottage outside its walls, that my preseuce would
make your rusty irons garlands of roses, and the very
stones you would have to hammer and crack appear
softer under my influence. You secured your Erie pal
ace, and now use your whole force of Erie oflicials to
slander and injure we, Itis indeed heroic, und worthy
the hero of the memorable 12th of July last,
1 write you this letter to forever contradict all the ma
licious, wicked abuses you have caused to be circulated,
and at the sawe time fully state that I am willing to
leave all matters in dispute and difierence—and forever
gettle any further controversy—to our respective coun
gel, Bamuel G. Courtney, Luther R. Marsh, and Willlam
A. Beach, If they caunot agree, Iam willing William
M. Evarts shall decide between thew, However, I only
make this proposal to place myself in the proper Ught
and spirit,
1f you feel your power with the Courts still supreme,
and Tammany, hough shaken, still able to protect you,
fares yout own inclination. The reward will be yours,
am, with what Pespeet You are best able to judge,
re
ELEN JOSEPHINE MANSFIELD,
A SCANDALOUS STORY.
JAMES FISK, JR.,, CHARGED BY HIS ALLEGED
PARAMOUR WITH ROBBING HER OF OVER
#50,000—AFFIDAVIT OF MISS HELEN JOSE
PHINE MANSFIELD AGAINST THE GREAT
ERIE IMPRESSARIO."”
In spite of Pratt injunctions and Fisk threats,
gome of the documents in the Fisk-Mansfleld suit reached
the light yesterday, and among them the following
affidavit of Miss Mansfleld or Mrs, Lawlor. It is the one
on which the order of arrest, yesterday carried out, was
granted by Judge Ingraham:
SurkeMn Coury —Crry axp Couwry or Naw-Tomrx.—Helen
Josephine Mansfield agt, James Suit, fr, LN and County of New
York, ss. Helen Josephine Mansfeld, being duly sworn, deposes and
says, that she is the plaintiff in this action, and resides in the City and
County of New-York; that she bas commenced this said action im this
Court agalust the said defendant James Fisk, jr., by vy Msp A sum
mons herein for service upon the sail defendant by the bheriff of the Cit
and County of New-York; that ber canse of action agaiust the said Sad
ant, James Fisk, Jr. arises and is as follows: In the early part of the
Jt 1869 and priv thereto the said Seloadest, James yu. Aw a real
or peat, wv mone belon, Ww 1] neat 0
pa n various Mocks for on Re and That 2s he,
said defendant, James Fisk, jr., in the Bpring of the year 1869 informed
deponent, the balance beluogiog, due, and owing to ber by said defendans,
James Flak, jr., was about the sum of $40,000.
And deponeat farther says that sho then requested and instructed the
sald defendant, James Fisk, jr., to invest sald last wentioned sam in the
archase of a dwelling-house and furmtare therefor for her, foponeat;
Bat the sald defendant, James Fisk, jr., in part compliance with her said
request and instruction Jerchased for depovent the lot and dwelling
house known as No. 350 West Twenty-third-st., in the City of New-York,
for $40,000, but stated and informed depoment that it was best only to
pay $20,000 of said woueys of deponent on account of the purchase of
house, and $10,000 ior the Rirtiabihg $04 freacoing thereof, and that
if she, deponent, would let him have $15,000 more money he would thes
bave ia his hands 320 in cash of moneys belonging
to her, deponent, that he would take and use
the same for her a.“ margia for 300 on ZA hse
and sale of stocks, and for ase in stock operations, and y make
money for her, to which said proposition she then and there gave
ber assent to the sard defendant, James Mak, jr., and sathorised him to
use the sald moneys for margins aforesaid, to which the sald delandans,
James Flak, jr., then agreed; and that depoveat furnished to the said de
Tendant the sald sum of $15,000, as requested by him, end the mode sad
manner {a which the same was furnished is hereafter set forth; that the said
house and lot mentioned as aforesaid were purchased for deponeut by said
defendant, James Flak, jr., and the deed thareo! was made out and delivered
to Sejosent; that the purcahse-money agreed to be pad was $40,000; that
$20, Jars of the Bchitseutoney dhevelon, was paid by the sald defend
ant, and $20,000, the balance of said h Jurchans. sole] vials oa
boad and mertgage, and the conveyance of bouse and to her Is
made subject to a certain indenture of on a pon Sid Dresiich to
secure the pa of said sum of SW, and that defendant,
18 Toor means, 22d ast amos ld 0 seo A
43 Above meati on account o
of the said house, and the amounts pald for farmlsbing and fresceing the
same were paid by the said defendant James Flak, jr. out of and from the
moneys in his hands belonging fo de ronent and according to his state
meats and agreements aforesaid, leaving in Bs Daddy, ales the Damest
of sid sun of $30,000 part purchase monet of said house, and suid
bu of SILI00 uz Fuad ne the same, a. balance of
J] the mana deponent.
Aad deponent rider says thai, to complete 13d carry owt the sages
tions and of said defeodsnt, James Fak. r., with deponeal.
as af asd to furnish him with the sam gy A the
amount of $25,000, the cum requssied by James 40 nee aad
cuploy as margia la Jock opetations for dofendaat, dopanent hie
delivered to him of the Unibed Severgmint
te her (whieh he afterward soursried iat )s
sald defendant, James prea to her
note or doe Wil iy wring, for anouwt of amid bends hp
resakd, 1] a follow:
Ney 4 Lp red Bd esd or THE Nari war il ol
P Aemnre Ores,
2c Borrowed and received from J. Kmper
‘Ipt. Rev. thousand seven hundred ead dghydve dolor, parable
areata y hat the said Piok, took
19 aforesaid, and the proceeds and avafls of anid bonds, being the sway of
Sheen Hound seven hundred and eighty-five ($15,765) dollars, in all
dol twesty-ive thousand seven hundred and Sienty ive (928,
athe, said defendent, Informed Sapneut, aod used i)
Spoculsiing ud Setaling ia stocks for her 1, nd eapeeially
Cleveland and bres Rr Railway Comp fesigaated aod known as
And deponent farther says, that the aid deladunt, Jorees Fak. fir.
bas repeatedly promised t» account to ber for the investment of bef
money as aforesaid, and that be has frequently promised to pay toed
the amounta due ber until about the month of September, 18M, A
#a.d defendant, then declined to pay her over any money or aesoun) to
ber for the same, unless she, de t, would agree to eeriale req
ments of sald defendant, James oak, jr.; this depouent having then
there declined to accede to his wishes in that respect, as Ying Heb had
him admission to ber dwelling-house. And this deponeut farther ss:
that the said defendant, James Fisk, jr., bas repeatedly Hor sway
that the amount due and wring to ber arising acd accruing from the
operations and speculations in the sald stocks as aforesaid, out of and
from her moneys ud bi him 22 maria in the manner Alotussitl, wea
shout the sum of $25,000, exclusive of the smoont of margin held and
used by sa'd defendant, James Fisk, jr. and of all advances made to ber,
although this deponent believes the amount dow and owing to Lor is mack
greater than the amount «o stated by said defendant, James Fisk, jr.
And deponent farther says that. at or about the thine aforessi), when
she ceased and refused to have amy further association with the sad
James Fisk. jr., the demanded of the sald defendant a statement of her
account with him and a settlement of the same and payment of the
moneys due and belonging to ber, and that the said defoudant, James
Yih, 5 in response to said application, wrote her a letter in which he
stated that he would not wrong her ont of her money, but would have her
accounts properly adjusted, and give her what she was properly entitled
jo Jeceive, and then afterward wrote Ler that there as nothing coming
er.
Aud deponent farther says that the sail defendant, James Fizk, Jr,
veglecting and refusing to furnish said account or statement. and to pay
the moneys due and owing to the deponent, she, deponent, demanded of
him the sum of $25,000, and in response to ber said demand the said de
fendant wrote her another letter in which he stated that he should de
cline her modest request for a stil) further disbursement of $25,000,” and
assigned as a reason therefor that the money might be diverted to some
other person's use in whose welfare the writer (defendant) did not have
an nnbounded interest,
And deponent further says that the said letters written to deponent by
the said Ht Fisk. jr. and received her as aforesaid, were in her
J rusedion up to about the Spring of 1871, and were seen and ajecied
y various persons, whose names it is not now necessary to state ja this
affidavit, and that said letters, Jouethor with a large number of other let.
ters of sald James Fisk, jr., aod of other 0s well as certain aff
davits and Dagens, were, about said time, Riot the instrumentality and
agency of said James Fisk, jr., and other parties at the time of certain
proposed proceedings in Court against James Pik. Jr.. and Jay Gould,
and other parties, delivered by deponent to Mr, E. 8. Btokes, who, as she
was informed by said Stokes, caused them to be delivered to the attorney
of Peter bs, Bweeny, eeq., a gentleman Nuking jo the City of New-York,
for the oyu. wee, and benefit of said Peter B. Bweeny,
Ard this deponent farther says that she ia in‘ormed by said 7. 8, Stokes,
and believes it to be true, that he Las demanded in ber behalf from the
sad Peter B. Souk «return of the letters snd papers aforesaid; but
that the sald Peter H. Sweeny, in whose jossession she believes them to
be, unless he bas destroved the same (and for which a receipt in held hy
ber, signed by the acting attorney of said Sweeny), veglects and refuses
to deliver u) ihe same or either of them. And drporent further says that
the said defendant, James Fisk, jr., is indebted to ceponent in the sum of
at least $50,785, with interest thereon from the lst of »eptember, 1870,
ot which said sum a large portion—to wit, the sum at least of $35,000
is the portion of said soneys obtained by defendant in a fidoclary cava.
city, aud by bim retained, and upou which deponent asks thal an orues
of arret ei against t'e defendant, James Fisk, jr,
Deponent farther says that the defendant declines and refores to pay
over sald moneys, or any or either of them, or to account to her for Lie
fame, Herren JosePuixe MANSFIELD,
Bworn to before me this 25th day of Oct. 1571.
Cracexce Cary,
Notary Public in and for toe City and Connty of New-York,
City and County of New-York, ss. Edward 8, Stokes of the cu and
Conuty of New-York, being daly sworn, says tuat be Las read the alidavi
of She plain in this action, bereto annexed, and kpows the Sonies
thereof that the said affidavit of said plaiotitf, as far as relates to Toe
statements therein Youesfeieg deronent avd of what he did in relation
the matters therein mentioned, is true of his own knowledge
bk. 8. Sroxms
Sworn to before me this 25th oo of Oct. 1871.
"LARENCE CARY,
Notary PubNe in aud for the City aud Connty of New Yorks
THE NINTH WIFE OF THE TERRITORIAL AUDI
TOR SUES FOR DIVORCE AND ALIMONY.
Sarr Lake Cry, U. T., Oct. 30.—H. 8. Eld
ridge of tho Bank of Deseret, and William Jennlogs of
the Zion's Coiperative Institution, were accepted as sure
ties on the bail bond of Mayor Daniel Wells. The mo
tion for bail in the cases of Stout and Kimball is still
under consideration by the Court.
The case of Clayton agt. Clayton, being an action for
divorce and alimony instituted by the polygamous wife
of William Clayton, 1s on the docket for to-morrow.
Clayton is the Territorial Auditor, The point at present
raised is a demurrer to the jurisdiction of the Unitod
States Court, the defense claiming that matters of this
nature belong exclusively to the Probate Court; that the
plaintiff 18 Clayton's ninth wife, and a suit for divorce
before a United States Court cannot, of course, be main
tained. Itis expected that the testimony on the merits
of the case will be curious, and if it be admitted that the
plaintiff is defendant’s wife, it will lay him open toa
charge of Digamy, The defendant's only hope is that the
demurrer will be maintained.
The nan Bennett, who was found dead on the road near
this city on satorday last, is =aid to have been a horse
thief. A man named Jones acknowledges the shooting,
and declares that he caught Bennett in the act of hing.
ing a horse. Jones is under arrest,
righam Young was met, on Saturday, 20 miles sonth
of this city, on the road to St, George, a beantiful settle
ment about 150 miles from Salt Leake, where he spent iast
Winter. His friends say he visits St. George on account
of lus bealth., Brigham evidently does not intend to be
arrested. His train consisted of five covered wagons,
escorted by 20 men of the Nauvoo Cavalry, armed with
carbines and pistols. The notorious Pastor Rockwell
Beompanied im.
Bhe ormon Bishop, Aaron Johneon, arrested a short
time since at Springville by a United States Marshal for
murder, was released to-day by Judgo Strickland, ab
Provo City, on $10,000 bail.
TIIE INDICTMENT OF BRIGHAM YOUNG.
A correspondent of The Cincinnati Commer
cial, writing from Salt Lake City on the Mormon troubles
there, describes in a lively manner a meeting of the
leading Saints, in which their course of action wast
determined
There were gathered together in the Lion House Brig
ham's chief counselors: Old John Taylor, who stood hy
Joe Sith when he was shot in Carthage Jail, and was
himself wounded, and wonld rather take his chances in
tlie open air than go to a Gentile jail again—a tall, zood
looking, severe man, with gray hair, There was George A.
swith, cousin to Joseph, and, next to Young, the highest,
man in the Chureh, also a witness of the sack of Nauvoo, a
polygamist, but with few wives—a fat, aged, good hu
cored aud rather weak Saint. There was Orson Pratt,
the chief theologian and expounder, whose brother,
Parley Pratt, was shot dead by the Gentiles—a venerable
looking, Mosaic sort of man, with BABing beurd, ald lnrge
introspective eyes, a Greek student, and a sort of Mor
mon Matthew Heury. The natty and flowery Dr, New
man of Washington, who came out here with six Hebrew
roots carefully committed to memory, expecling to de
molish Orson with them, found the o'd fellow to be capa
ble of talking Hebrew with Moges or Daniel, There was
Josdh Young, President of the Seventies, a lean faco
and low forehead, with a mouth like Abraham Lincoln's
—elder brother of Bruen Young.
These and others, baked dry in the furnace of old Mor
mon dangers which they now account their glory, cave
counsel to Brigham Young as to his duty. Almost unan
imously they urged that he must uever give himself up;
the people would rise if he were to be convicted, whether
he forbude them or no. Their counsel was to cus the ir
rigating ditches, burn every Mormon settlement in the
Territory, leave the valley of Salt Lake in desolation,
and march across Arizona with their herds and 1 Jutables

to Mexican soil; these were their own, and they had a
night to annihilate the Jropetty they bad ercated.
righam Young, himself in the condition of an old
lion, not uncertain that his prowess was not now a
“of his nature and religion, urged that he was
safe conduct and fair treatment, To this old Jobn Tay
lor retorted “Bo was Jong 1 saw the safe treatment
they ge him in jail!” ere was a general exolama
tion 0 dood feeling and cry of perfidy at this,—and I am
writing no fancy sketeh, but the statement of two attor
neys who were present. Brigham himself was deeply
moved. Perhaps the recollection of his more youthfal
Ohptaines Of she Mormon exodus across the alkali plains
inspired him with enthusiasm, To the urgent Saleen
of tae Gentiles that he could not bold out a week against
the United Btates, the old man retorted with a strange,
almost childish confidence, that if he were disposed to
resist, the ally of Moses, of Gideon, aud of David would
Rppens upon side.
hen, after a minute, Brigham closed his great Susie
mouth and jaw, and said calmly “od isin co as
well as in battles and marches. There will be no resist
ance. I shall bot the summons.” In due time he dis
mounted from his buggy before the little old squalid
stone stable where the United States Court meets,
climbed the creaky outside stairs, and as his colossal,
venerable appearance the whole Court unconsciously
arose, bar and audience. He was the overshadowing
Jrosenss there, and when he answered not gulity,
udge McKean's elocution flew out of his head, and he
forgot temporarily to be dramatic,
“v
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: I wish you could use your influence to
have the steamship City of Limerick probibited from
carrying the U. 8. mails. She js a nseloss old tub, and,
under steam, coal scarce beat even the Livonia. I sce
by your edition of £his morning that I am not the enly
one of the same opinion. Your London t
Aa a ac, 1 RA tel e's 5
on e oa a
could so easily be ted by the Be the
Gi of meg F sere rok SE
ree a
coir the mall om as conducted ok In
ro Tia i
I the City of Limerick is advertised fo
i he Qty Limerick. I advertiend, vet
JRoUat Wor ie pared age Ludiotiog; Hie wae tu
onday. A
New-York, Oct, 81, 1871.
ads WY tid fold, 0 eraser, 000. wal
Works
Mrs. Jane living st Bay
Sullivan,
aan was
rari Kile, rwtnty In fring
be ar
Ru pn? et Sr RE
deed.
THE CRISIS IN UTAH.
THE FOREIGN MAIL STEAMERS,