TBI FBiA'CE Of WALES.
History of the Fever to the
2d of December.
The Party at Lord Londesborough's and
Consequences of the Visit.
lord Chesterfield's Death and
That of Blegg, the Groom*
Whitlows on the Hand Render the
Prinoe's System Irritable.
Scarborough Lodge, Its Situation
and Sanitary Arrangements.
HOW THE PARTY SLEPT AND BOARDED,
The Prince's Condition on the
Nineteenth Day.
Queen Victoria at Sandringham and an
Affecting Incident.
By the European mail of the 2d of Decomber at
this port wc are enabled to continue our r?sum? of
the progress of the Prince or Wales' illness from a
moment aatlng about nine aaja alter its inception
to the later period in the present month. The ex
hibit la given in detail of that which was published
In the Hkra.ld on the 12th of December.
Professional Review of the Origin and Dally
"*re" *f th* ?aludy-Lord Chester.
Held'* Alcknese and Death.
friti*h MeAUM Journal of November 30 pub
uon^r Ii0Wlng leollnical Professional expiana
tlon of the inception of the fever, its class and
JZS*""'" ",u,s
thi^uis^Ro^gftS?11 of oar "tatement last week
H&BBiggHg
?a.,Sa3srsiSHfM&S1?S
the result or the luhalanou orCth?Ver' U13 *,uovrn' 18
posing aiiimat matter eunw in ?hll ?sm of ,Uecom
emanations, such as sew*? form of aerla'
or the drinking waterbv innit'iJ^ -al Pollution
ters, and, wheneverwe?r mch ,nat
225 ^V^a^r^0
?S^KUE
corresponded wnS'th'^^^S^I6'1 thV the ,,at<?
Lord LonaesboTo h a^is es L ??!S*1 v,stl ?o
connection with inf,visit cenlm mi' tor.ou*n- ln
nX^tja^I^rd'Tonfe ,?Ug??aaothoraj^Tn^
tr?7h\' J "g hnesses t lie rfu co aluf Pn nce^iToMV ai
i cae^terZi
fSSSFss
pSsiSS
QsLsrssrst *s .-33
iasajri
grow pSnis7?,,^? ,r asj
w?i CUolo?"r wu'ch the host lnioriued persona
tT,?n n? ^U0,,ea to a88,'n us the probable expiaut
"'ja ?r 'bo attack. But still turther investiSai on
develops some Important lacts winch will wiuSh
?Trptxxsvta
EEEJfL* eXH!n",?(1 aQj thoroughly ili?s?ed and 2
s2? }vpxod tt^sss-a *2 vai
55 rKK
UP<1 nave been, and still are, in excellent
A 11 ha8 al8? ,,oe" s'uted that there uW? t2
tered ffom tne same fever in the middle or Novom
o^er#oi^vm^tul?t^'B2i,^L'al^',l'"ffl''igltt" Mother
?fr\rh" 'I'*6"0'1. with thes?t Tse?e*?S2?fc
^Rwsaja-ss:
The aotnai history of the two cases or ivohnid
.Jffi' ,?Hlor "w Kuva' Unf?n<Msand Lor.i Chi?*
terfleld, during the period which is usually iJint
hi?mi n\ i?rpearM l? "e a" follows:? 01
imfcmmmm
down to ftaudrlngham on Monday moridni JEE?
this period till ute fo lowing Monda* ih? i?,%. i?ora
was nou.lug to remark until lam m tn2 thcre
"S. 'ToZZ!s^i;?i
asr:r.;i::cj,r?
nght hand, ih.s Was seen and attended to by ilr
saws c?3?
?s, ?a??
?i-2 Canngton at Oayi.urst that arufrnoon On
?^c"la't l"? whitlow was more painful, mo Mr
n???i iii e*tr* Wurgeon in Ordinary to Ris
m' w?? tme-a. was suiumonea ironi town and re
maiued in attendance on tne I'ruice at oathi!.^
The *>ri1ta ",e pr"Jce rctiirne.! 10 t(,.5
l" ,wa%ss ssiK?
Iridaj aitou(ie<l iftft Frencu plar Momttmp
w?th a view io the'M?e5themna?or,hi.g?:
8SS- S Ku,ruon,n<,^,1hne8
Ohtfer, a csrelul dietary and a .mtJ.2
now cliaractoriKtic ol tVDhni.i^iii? STniPtou?8 were
this as ine diagnosis s?r aU(i unnouncorl
the moment m Scotland m S.^uer ,,elu* at
Majesty Mr. Clayton u Ugr'anhed ?n Uer
OuTl. licr Majesty was at the ?n^2 1,'?IJ(JoP Ior Lr.
ol the nature ?r die Princ-'s illness l.{'aeli,uror'ned
floveioped according 10 tne usual w?rs2 o?> u 2'?,?"
lane at tills ?tatze ami on i??a Ji!2?I 0 of lJie
llay (*r?dnesdlSt't" W or I"1
arrived from Loudon and coincided In tne <iio*
?0d treatment, ?lr William Jonner ^mM9
P'P^Pth day. of course, n /Sw^iS '22
typhoid fever, there ie no question ol critltii daiV
It muet rua lie couree, which, as we intinSLd
aa <te&8rjgrjs
Jo"1he"iutTerinf'^>o U> ft*oSbS2nd
UwT Chestsr^id'2mllUD?.tCo''a^ra,ri?P|nPl'catlODS.
S2?^Sr as. sr
symptoms naa a serious aspect Dr. March ison was
called in consultation troiu London. l ac prellmt
nary symptoms resembled those ol the i'rince auii
Included the formation ol a shunt abscess. The
patient is now progre.iaing In ad respects lavora'dy.
Of course 1; will nQt be lett out of consideration that
the characteristic disturbance ol tieuitn of ttw vari
ous members of the paitv at Scamot outfit, their sub
sequent dispersion and tne onset of enterio fever in
two of Its members, at diuereni pans ol England,
within four days ol each oilier, may belong to the
chapter of surprising accidents. Typhoid tever is
essentially local; it is a lever ol the country us
ranch as of the town: it is even the icver oi ihe
oountry, and it is especially an aiituim.al tever?tlio
fail lever of American writers, Here. then, are all
the scattered elements lor a remakuble coinci
dence.
It is usually, however, possible to trace out and
to lcmove the causes of typhoid, and hence the im
portance of a complete investigation such as will i
now be set on foot.
The London Lancet of the same day wrote on the
same subject, taking la the case 01 tae Prince's
groom, who was sick also, in the following words:?
We rejoice to be able to announce that Ills Royal
Highness the Pnucc oi Wales Is making saiis<uctorj
progress towards convalesceuco. 1'o-da.v i Friday 1 is
the nineteenth day ot the disease, ana no uutoward
concomitants show ihemse-vcs, a circumstance
wnich In ttseif Is most reassuring. We must caution
the public against accepting many of the statements
which have been made relative to the cause of the
malady In the case ol His Royal Highness, since the
source of the typbota ever is still obscure. It was
imagined that ills floral Highness might have
contracted the disease when visiting near Scarbo
rough, bat this is doutitiul. smco urn Royal High
ness fell ill, one of tlio grooms at me Randriugham
stables who uld uot attend ilis Royal Uiguut'.^s to
Scarborough has sickened with the same disease, i
and tt is notorious mat typhoid is prevailing in
many parts of England, ut course there wilt tie a
searching inquiry instituted tnio every possible
source of the contagion. The early symptoms oi in
disposition were in Ins Itoyal Ulgnuess' case, as
we stated previously, accompanied by slight iiuiam
mation at the base 01 the nngcr-uaiL The co.ineo
tich 01 this with the Incubation of the typhoid
may be accidental, but should be noted. It was
early suspected by Mr. Clayton and Dr. Lowe ibut
there was more in tne leverish symptoms than
could be accounted for by tho sta'e or the lluger,
and wo thlulr the early recognition oi tho typhoid by
these gentlemen was a most important ctrcamsiaooe,
and one lor which they deserve no utile credit, un
Monday, November 13, Hi-. Itoyal Highness was chi.ly
af er a day's shooting; he nad not, lmlceo. fe.t well
on leaving home in the morning, but there was
nothing noticeable to create suspicion ol u phold
fever for tour days afterwards. Then It was that
headache became a prominent symptom, with other
indications of typhoid, and particularly a high tem
perature of the Dody. (Jn to the present time ihe
course of the Illness has been cnuracieristtc of a
rather severe attaok ot typhoid fever. Everything
has most happily conspired In the Prince's case to a
favorable Issue. We lay great stress on the fact
that the disease was so accurately diagnosed at Its
earliest period, for It led to the adoption oi a proper
line of treatment at the very outset ol the malady.
In Itself a most Important point. We need uot add
how complete Is the confidence which 'lie profession
reposes in the medical attendants or His Koyai High
ness, Including, as they do, the highest English
authority on the subject of typnold lever?Sir Wil
liam Jenuer.
Condition of the I'atieut on the Nineteenth
Day?I'rince Albert's Case and Its Moment
or Termination?Danger to the Thirtieth
Day.
Tne London Standard of December 1, speaking ot
the tnen existing condition ol the Prince or Wales,
the hopes which were entertained of his recovery
and the fever of the late Prlnoe Albert, said:?
Two days stnoe we led our readers to suppose
that there were good grounds for believing, not
withstanding tne existence oi serious symptoms of
disease in the cose oi Ills Royal.Highness, that the
typhoid lever was devoid ol real alarming charac
ters. and was cunning Its course in an uncompli
cated, and, therefore, on the wholo, tn a sausiac
tory manner. We can now state mat our prognos
tications have been amply fmailed. The Prince is
better. To-day, moreover, is tne ntnetecnih day
of disease, and the advent or convalescence must
be near at hand, for we may expect that at the be-
glnnm? of tne week the lever useR will nave practi
cally subsided. It may, perhaps, be recollected that i
the late Prince Consort succumbed to the disease on
the twenty-first day irom the seizure?vl/.., the J4ih
of December, 18fll. No doubt the public mind is
disquieted in regard to the Prince of Wales from tho
remembrance of the sad termination which beiell I
the case of his Illustrious father, aud a fear le-t a i
similar course may now be run. Rut then on this
ground there is no room tor anxiety; there is no
analogy between tne two cases There were most
sertoas symptoms in the case of the late Prince
Consort at a period of the disease that in tne
In-tncco or the Prince of Wales is marked by
nothing but signs of a diminution In the Intensity or
the malady aud a freedom from complications such
as lead the phrsician to the formation of a grave
prognosis. contemporary has by the aid ol a
little Imaginative ingenuity, and evidently also an
appeal to a well-known text book on levels, pre
sented to tho public a somewhat elaborate descrip
tion of typhoid fever In such a way as to lead its
readers to imagine that the account is a more or
less accurate porrraiture of the Prince of Wales'
case. We cftn only say that this has been entirely
misleading, lor while it has given undue promt-
ncuce to particular symptoms it lias omitted SDeoial i
points of importance, and erred as to the source of
the mischlet. We mav add that in estimating the
character of His Royal Highness' attack ol typhoid
fever?which has been a severe one?or in Judging i
ot tlie prognosis ol tho case, the symptoms must i
not be dealt with individually. Taken collectively
they, as we have before stated, present favorable
Indications. i
We cannot bat attrlbato tho favorable course
which tae disease has hitherto taken In part to the
concurrence of several lorumute circumstances, la
the first place, at the earnest period of the attack
the nature of the disease was accurately made out.
The attack of whitlow, irom which the Prince suf
fered, may or may not have had something to do
with the oporallun ol the poison ol tho typhoid
fever upon the system; probably its occurrence was
a coincidence. Rut be that as it may, tho Prince's
medical attendants?Mr. Oscar Clayton, in tne first
Instance, and Dr. Lowe, subsequently, on seeing
the Prince?seem to have suspected from the na
ture of the febrile disturbance that there was some
thing In the background, and with most creditable
acumen fever was suspected, and was made out at
the earliest possible moment when It could be
recognized. Now the prescription ot a proper regi
men of diet, repose aud medicine at the outset of
typhoid Tever has a value which cauuot be over
rated. If, when a patient is a'lacked by typhoid
fever, the nature of the malady be overlooked, and
certain active measures and medicines ue adopted
which would very likely be tbe case If typhoid fever
were unrecognized, no liule harm sometimes may
be done, Ihe correct diagnosis of the I'rincc'H 111
ue-'s at the earliest stage has been so tnuch In favor
of the Illustrious patient, wbllo 11 unquestionably
reflects gr at credit upon His Royal Highnass's
medical attendants at the time. Subsequently the
Prince has had the advantage of Dr. Gull's most ac
cural Judgment and the experience of Sir Wullam
Jenner, who is pre-eminently the authority on ty
pnold fever.
In estimating the danger of complication* rrhlrh
mag ml., up o the thirtieth (tag evm, we are still
greatly consoled bv the present state of ills Royal
Highness. Thotc is no sign of danger from exhaus
tion, nor Irom internal complication m the chest or
other part, according to the bulletins aud our own
lniormaliou. A relapse, it Is true, isoiteu the result
of Imprudence during convalcsceucc; nut wo are too
well aware of tho enormous Importance which
modern physicians atiach to the mtuute manage
ment oi cases during convalescence to fear any sen
ons eodpeqaenccs on this score, on all points
then, we are at the present moment relieved or
anxiety from a consideration of the condition of
Ilis Royal Highness.
Londinbornugli Lodge?Itn Sitiintion nod Snn
liory Arrnngeracnts?Wlitrc l>ld ilie l*rlcco
Contract the llUi'nni f
TO THB ElHTOB OF THB LONDON STANDARD!?
Bib?Some remarks appeared in the London
Time" 01 the -:9th lust., in ilie form of an appendix
to the bulletins of thai day, alleging that the seeds
of the disease irom which lilt Royal Highness the
I rince of Wales la Buffering were contracted at
Scarborougn during his recent visit to Lord Londcs
Dorungn. Tnese statements rail for some notice
from those who are interesvod lu the inquiry,
as the tnodlcal attendant of Lord Lomiesborough,
and from my personal acquaintance with Loudes
borough Lodge and its sanitary appliances, I am
a> lo to supply yon with valuable and i trust re
liable information bearing upon the question wnich
lias i>c? n raised. 1 know how earnest and deep is
tne Interest reit by all classes in ibo Illness wblca
has so suddenly stricken down "the hope of the na
tion," and how willingly vour readers will listen to
any statements which may throw HgAt upon the ob
scure origin of this terrible disease.
Londesboroush Lodge is about one hundred and
thirty feet above tne level of the sea, and the grounds
slope towards the beach at an angle of about forty
h ve degrees. I n I is immediate neigh bornood are a few
villas?lielvolr Terrace and The Crescent. During
my long residence at Scarborough i have not at
tended one case of typhoid fever within tills area,
nor have I ever heard or one having occurred. T'ie
drainage ts perfect, and has been, at Lord Londcour
ough's request, tnis day thoroughly examined by
competent authorities, and 1 beg to apper.d their
certificates.
'J be water used by Bis Royal Highness for drinking
purposes was me celebrated "Bristol saler;'' Hie
ordinary house supply from the "town's water,"
brought from springs of pure Whtcr four miles
sbove the town, and abundant fm all domestic and
sanitary purposes. This wate. cannot possibly be
come contaminated fiom sewerage or other lmpuri
tie?. There Is not now snd never was about the
premises anv permanent stagnation or animal or
vegetable refuse which might generate typhoid
fever. The fact that ibis locality has been so singu
larly free from zymotic fever, and also that Lord and
Lady Londeeborough with their young family and
household occupied this bouse for upwards of two
months before the visit of the royal party, without
having a case of serious Illness, ere confirmatory
evidence of the absence of such sources of mischief
as are suggested.
U is quite true some membere of tho distinguished
party auffered from diarrhoea, and this might possi
bly be due to offensive effluvia escaping into tne
bouse; but 1 contend this la innocent as compared
with the poison of typhoid fever. It produces syrup
p ms of Its own, totally dissimilar to those originat
ing from the other source, and the transient 111
nessee which superveue nave no tendency to drift
into the more serlou 4 malady. Those of your read
ers who have bad exncrwnoe oi the aaat
tary appliance* of lodging houses tn water
ing places will recall maty cases of slcku'-ss
corroborating these stateuieut*. iu tlie holiest
months of ihe year, when those houses are over
crowded with Inmates, a breac.lowu happens. me
eiiluvia Is at such times so oitenslve to the souses
that nausea, si kuess or diarrhoea immediately fol
lows; the whole household is stricken down. There
the evil, suoa as it Is. ends, l cannot recall one in
stance ot h.ncn Illness ending In tvphold or other
allied fever. Those cases are ol dally occurrence
during "the seas >n;M hardlv one house escapes;
yet 1 can affirm that duriug twenty years' practice
Hi Scarborough I nave not seen twenty cases of
typhoid lever. I am, sir, your ooedient servant,
G8.'RUE P. DAL!-:, P. R. 0. S.
FALCONER HorSK, K'ABBoROUOH, Nov. 30.
BEl'ORT ON TUB SANITARY ARRANGEMENTS AT TOR
i.oi>ur, BOARUORO0OU, tub property ok tur hiuut
HON. LORO L 'MJEhUOROUoa.
We h ive .arefully exauilnea ihe drains and cesspools at
the above lo.l?-e, bmh inside aoi ouUUte the building, Caving
hart them opened tor the purpose. We tln.i that the drain*
frmu the several water closets aurt sink* are in perfect con
dition. The .all to the main better I* very triad. ana the
bSBs
drain ripe* from the closet* and sink* are |4Rectly fre*
I from matter; In fact, froai the nature or tuelr construction
no deposit of any sort can remain la them. The
eOinvitim trap* tn connection ate all that can
be desired, and vre are of opinion that no
oifonsl.e ki..ell can pass through thorn. We bnre also exam
ined tne drain* outside, taking surtnoe water and water Irora
roo.s, and lino they are not connected with any water closet
drain*. As thay are properly trapped befor* entering sewer
drains no foul gases com J be generated In them.
We li.ve also examined the sink*, sc., In the culinary de
partment, and flmt tnat the sanitary arrangtmenit ar* as
comptets as possible.
STEWART A MURV, ArohltecU,
No. 7 Albion piaoe, Scarborough,
J. 11. CARROLL, Clerk of W nrlts.
i.rtmston. Tadcnsler.
WILLIAM PEACOCK, Contractor,
Not. SO. Scarborough.
Death of fjord i iientcrflolil.
Tno London News of December 2 reported the
death of Lord Chesterfield lu the following words:?
Wo regret to liavo to anuouuee that the Earl of
Chesterfield, who nad been sudfering from typhoid
fever lor tne last lew days, died at lour o'cloca yes
terday morula,;, at his seal, Bretby Hail, Uunon-on
1 iTeur. The noble eurl was one ot tne dist.ngulshed
I visitors who assembled at Scarborough on tne occa
sion of tne latj visit ol the Prince and Princess of
l Wales to that town. Philip Ceoll Arthur Brit u nope,
seventh Earl of Chesterfield, was born in J8 n, en
tered the army in 18*9, was appointed lieiuen
nut lu tue Blues lSnAontl rented io&3. Ue was M.
I P. for South Notts iroin i860 to lSfld. Hls lordship's
i Illness bad iroin tne first assumed a very severe
form, nad to consequence o( the character ol tue
symptoms so eany as the end ol the first week Dr.
Murchison was summoned from London on Sunday
last iu consultation wiin Dr. Evans, of Birmingham,
and Mr. Lowe, ot Burton, returning next morning.
The symptoms subsequently took a more tuvorabiq
course, ana the palteut appeared to be progressing
satisfactorily until Thursday evening, when syn
cope set in, which, alter some hours, terminated
fatally.
Dentlx of hnrle* Dlegg, the Prince's tJroom.
The London N tos of the same day reported this
second fatality from the fever thus:?
iDtormiuion 01 the .loath of Charles Blegg, the
groom, wno wo yesterday stated was lying ill from I
tvphoid lever at Sandrlugliain, was received by his I
friends hi London yesterday. A telegram reached
the parents ot Blegg on Thursday auuouncing his
critical condition; but, as we understand, ttiey only
arrived at Sandringbam iu time to see him breathe
bis last. Blegg lma been In a delicate staie of health
for some, and on hts return from the recent visit
made bv the Prince aud l rlncess oi Wales to Scot
land, wnituer he accompanied them, he became
very unwell, lie is said to have been a great lavorite
with both the Prince and rrincess, and Invariably
accompanied the laitcr in her pouy rides and as out
rider. It will be some satis .action to his mends to
know that lie receive! during his last Illness the
same medical treatmeut as his royal master.
Tbe Whitlow on the Prlnca's Hand.
Speaking ot this painful premomtiou of sickness
In the Prince it is said
November 6 a wlurlow appeared on the forefinger
of Ms right naud. Tina was seen and attended 10
i by L?r. Johu Low, of King's Lynn, tno medical at
tenaaut 01 tlie household at Sandrlugnain; it uld
not p. event 11 is Koyal Uigbuess lrom carrying out
his intention ot going on a visit to Lord Harring
ton, at <iayiinr.it, that afternoon. On Wednesday
tlie whitlow was more puia ul; and Mr. Oscar Clay
ton, extra-surgeon in ordinary to His Koyal liigli
neas, was summoned trom town, and remained in
attendance on the Prince at oayhurst until Friday,
when the Prince returned to iown. Tne wnnlow,
and one which had threatened on the other naud,
were promptly cured.
The Prince on Friday attended the play. Mean
time, however. with a view to the strengthening 01
his general nealtn and to meet the indications
afforded by the local lntluuimaiioa of the linger, a
carciul dietary uud a nuitaole toulc treatment
had been enjoined aud observed by ills Koyal High
ness.
lie retnrned on Saturday to Sandringham, and
wu seen on Sunday by l>r. Lowe.
Tlie Cluui 'm of lnfertlon lo Ilia Family.
A London journal of the 1st Inst, referred to this
men alarming view of the case lnagge following
words:?
Some apprehension arises with regard to the pos
Bli ilty o! the fever being convoyed to those at
present about the Prince. Naturally, the thoughts
ol our readers advert to Her Majesty touching this
point Anxiooa as tne (Joeon most have been to
visit the Piince, the >;ue<tion of uanger to herself
Iroui lutection could not out have been entertained.
But we tnav at once say that typnold fever s to be
considered, tor all practical purposes, the most rare
occurrence in persons over lltty years of age. Iler
Majesty, Indeed, may be regarded as pro
tected against the disease, which Is not,
moreover, infectious or contagious but to a very
limited degree. It Is tne least contagious of
the several "fevers." It was periectLv right, how
ever, that the royal children should be removed, lor
to them the danger, though not great, was yet real.
I We sincerely nope tnat the laraouiable occurrence
i which has prostrated the heir apparent upon a sick
bed at Sandringham will not be lost upon the public.
Tvphoid fever is a disease which Is, 11 uot auso
lutelv, at least in the vast majority ot cascB, pre
ventive; yet we permit the conditions which gen
crate tbe pest to operate more or less un
checked throughout tuc country. It Is pcrlectly
true that the disease exists chiefly In rural
places and lu the alleys and lanes ot most of our
large towns, but it also prevails within the walls
of royal dwelling places. The conditions of its pro
duction consist in the pollution of air aud water by
decomposing sewage matter. Fnlike typhus
lever, which is Hie accompaniment of overcrowding
and poverty, ti phoid fluds Its way to the palace as
well as to the novel, in the lace of the best hygienic
measures, If only tnere be pollution ot the drinking
water. Any one who is Interested m tbe question
should study the reports which have i>cen made on
tills subject during the last ten or twelve years In
the annual reports of Mr. Mlrnon, the medical offi
cer of t no Local Government Foard, and he will
not tall to find an accumulated mass of evi
dence on this subject which is simply over
whelming In proof oi ine proposition above enun
ciated. Pur tlie moment our thoughts turn to Mand
ruigham, aud WO hope that, good as the drainage
arrangements may be supposed to be, and well as
tncy have hitherto worked, not a stone will be left
nntnrned to discover and unearth ail pomlble
sources ot fouling of the water supply. Meanwhile
Lord Londesborongii will, no doubt, clear up any
doubt that remains In regard to the oxistenceof
typhoid lever producing causes at his seat. Tbe
more recent lacts which have couie to our knowledge
lead us to inter that Fandniigliam, and not bear
borough, originated Hie Prince's m ilady.
Of course we do uot lorget that the introduction
of the fever poison to San dringham may have led to
the spread of the disease there. Whatever may bo
the truth of the matter a searching inquiry is clearly
and immediately needod. The public do not lorget
tnat other members of the royal family may beat
this mon.cut exposed to the chances ol Infection.
The London Lancet of December 1 said:?
As the public may be anxious to know what risk
Her Majesty runs in visiting the Prince of Wales,
we may udd It is simply nu under the circumstances.
Typhoid lever is coiitagtous In a very subor
dinate degree, and It is infinitely rare alter lltty
years ol a^c. Her Majesty's short stay at Snndrlug
Latn therefore exposes her practically to uo risk
whatever.
III* Wife's Birthday.
A Lynn (England) correspondent, writing on the
1st ot December, in tbe evening, says:?
This, it will be remembered, Is the birthday of the
Princess oi Wales, and in honor of the occasion the
flags nave been noisted as usual upon tlie church
steeple and on the public bulidUgs, as well as on
some ol the private nouses ol Lynn, and tne charcn
bells are ringing at internals. The bonfires, how
ever, remain uullgbted, and tne expressions of Joy
and congratulation which are common on these oc
casions are hushed by the general feeling of anxiety
which pervades all classes. Although the tjueon has
gone to Windsor to-day, I have reason to believo
that she may return to fiandnngnam In a short
time.
Tbe Prlnre'e rfclalibor* Almmed.
The same writer, dating in Lynn, again on tne 1st
Inst., reported the state or feeling which existed
among the more immediate neighbors of the Prince
outside the gates of Sandringham thus:?
Tne alarm which was created by the early bul
letin to-day has been a good deal relieved by the
inlormstlon received in the course or the day, and
by the later bulletin published this afternoon.
There Is no dount that the Prince passed a very
bad night, and that for a certain time the gravest
apprehensions were entertained ny his attendants.
Tne cause of this alarm was, as well as 1 can as
certain soind oppression or congestion or the
stomach; and from this the Prince ultimately ob
tained relief by vomiting. From tUat time he be
came easier, and at noon to-day was so much Un
proved that hie medical attendants were able to
give tlie uueen such reassuring accounts of his con
dition as to permit her returning to Wuideor.
Tbe Qaein'i Visit and Return?Carinas Inci
dent at the Heynl Train.
The Lynn letter adds:?
Her Majesty drove to the Wolferton station,
accompanied by the Duice ot Edinbnrg and
Hir William Kno'.lys. She was attended by
^^^^^?^?^??ixburgne and Colonel Pon-1
lr anything, weaker and more
arrival. Her Majesty waa re
the deputy chairman;
the Duciiess of Koxburgne and Colonel Pon-I
sonny, and appeared, lr anything, weaker and more
anxious than on her aritvaL
ceived by Mr. L. Simpson, tbe
Mr. Hwarbrlck. the maoaxer. and Mr. Boberuon.
tit? Superintendent or the Great Eastern Railwav,
who accompanied the royal train to "Su
enoiurh at iho ilmo the royal train was
there were standing on a siding a eoupie oi truc^
coutalutug tue Devon ox, pigs and BhteD J?
to be exhibited at the cattle show ta the Irinces
name.
FIGHTING FOR A MISER'S GOLD.
A Texni After L.otUy 0?tr?.m?? Money?n?
Shows r better from the Jlnlden ttliser?Is
This n l'ut Up Job*
PotjonnKKrsiB, Dec. 13.1871.
Last winter, after a hard fight between the alleged
heirs of Lochy Ostrom. Poughkeepste's maulen
miser, surrogate Fowler granted letters of adminis
tration to jemima McKibbtn. Since then another
lietr has turned up, and his proof has carried lear
and cousternatioD into the ranks of the present
holders of Lochy's gold. He gives his name as A. C.
Davenport and his residence fcelmont. Gonzales
county, Texas. Ifts mam proof la the following
letter, written by Lochy to Utui:?
Pouuukkepsie, N. Y., Sept. 20, 1867.
%A UsA^NKTurw?It Is with pleasure
are married Ryala and that your wife Is
inva tn hAr i wui in uopes vou would cave come to see inef
?our o?u?tn Davenport called to tee me. He wanted me to
S tame with him. *na If 1 hau not been so old I sbouij
I Some out to Texas to see you and your good
wir? KtiL I am too old to come. Bui you muii
1 come and see me ;.nd hrlnii ymu- wife. I aend^ yo
fhe bMMtput Intend to jmur wtf?;'\m ff &uw!S c'omi and
I see mo I will iiivc you something worth while. hut, my dflW
I uephew. I still say to you that 1 Intend all I have lor vou at
I mrdeitk huiI 1 eo lu'om your oouain Davenport. I.tod
him all my properly was y?ura at my death ,1Ihat Mateuf
wnu to liAve it it.I. us you ai# the only one I wish to unw its
as my poor dear sister's son. I duu'l loll some people what
I I in'end to do, but 1 know. I don't let them know that
I I have a nephew, or that you are llvinj. There
I tome people thinlce tncv have rot Auut Uachel D^perty at
I her ueath, but they will oe disappointed, ai i i ntend to see
I that it U used right before I die. aa I inten l to f Mar.
I you and to your ulster's child. I was ?orry ^bear ShSd
caret's death Vour cousin tel a me ?he has left one child
firms and it U named Baciiul, after g}?- Tbl? l? a good old
family name. Ho come aud see me. 1 will have it iUI made
right; It shan't cost you anytbin* 10 come k? ff
I will make it all up to you. I ?eud ali/U to you. it
i t* ah I have at hand, and your cousin cannot wait Bui when
I you comfl will havi time to look up .omelh.n? mur. or
i vou Do not tail to come, for 1 am old, and I with to *eo
I before I leave this world. Nr dear boy.ifyou should
hoi con e aud ace me betore I die there are permonewno will
cheat you out of what I leave If ihiy can, but X will M* the*
I li U all right, for It is for you aud M?'""h your sUter s
rVii'd A'ni l want you to have It. bo Keep this leucr,
as l' have lead 11 to your couain Davenport, and
i" have told hi,n bow*I will do, and what I want
to do. No person know, that you are living, a. Mr. W11
I Hams is the only one hare who knows you are and knows
I you are living, and ho has been moved from .ere ""ine hf
te. n years and it In Texas, as you Inlorm me so. I shall not
eratlfv tnem by tellinu Uieui uow what 1 Intended to do. It
Suoneof their Ju.tnes. to know, the law wi.l glveyou my
property as my neuresi relation, as 1 tinv. no other nephew
InTh. worl/ living that I know ot. so tna ou v
wav to keep you out of mr property is by will
from me and I know I will never give one to any person hut
vml?and to you I g.ve all I have, "i bis I tell to your cousin
and If you cannot read this letter he can tell Jdd what I
mean and want. Uive my love to your wlte and Margaret
Oh. I would be so glad to tee you all. Come soon or write.
Do not lor get your Aunt Kacbel, the sister of vour poor
mother. Oh, that 1 could have seen her betore her death. I
must come to a cose as your cnu&iu can't wait longer, so
goodby; come aud sec me. Your OSTR0M.
To Mr. A. C. Davenport.
The above remarkable letter has opened the entire
Lochy osirora caae anew, and though it is not tn
legal Torin yet if Its identity can be proven ttWUl
be received us her last will aud testament. Matty
lawyers beltcvo it to be a nice "put up' job. if so.
it hits thus lar beeu spleautdly executed. A coin
nu-stou has already oeeu scut to Texas, to i r?ye, if
possible, its auiheutlclty, and ail of the would-be
heirs are standing on tiptoe, awaiting the result.
Tall;; MAUDLIN MURDERER.
Governor Itamlolph'a Kcaplte Moves Illtn To
Kny, I'lntnlt God For Thnii"
As stated In yesterday's IIekald the chlof actor
in the Newark tragedy of last July on first bearing
tne news of his respite utaulfested not the slightest
concern, tut bore himsdl with the same semblance
of stoical lndiiTerenc j which characterized his man
ner during the trial. This carelessness it now appears
was owing to hi3 uubclter. About five o'clock the
same evening ltev. Simeon Selgfncd, his spiritual
adviser, retained irom Trenton, bearing the oillclal
document. On his appearing at me cell of the con
demned the latter looked up with a countenance
fulloi anxiety aud a trume that tatrly
TKBilSLKD AS UE AsKl.D,
??la It so?"
"It is," said tho clergyman. ,h?
"Thank liod lor that i" exclaimed Botts, as the
cloud ou his counienauoe pasted away and gave
place to au exprJssion oi unuilautkublo Joy aud
criudnos*. The murderer was profuse in his praises
of Governor Randolph, Mr. tselgfrled and tho syiupa
theilc people who nad helped the wretched criminal
to this new lease oi llle. as before stated the
length of the reprieve surprised every otic. It brings
the execution over into the term ot Governor Parker,
wqos6 inauguration iuros place ou tUc loin ui
JanuarjU
A GOOD DEAL OF DISCUSSION
has arisen ou the subject ol the Governor s
action. No one objects to the respite; but
tucro is a strong feeilug mat the Governor has not
treated the incoming Governor sguareiy by impos
ing ou cue latter tne staulug oi botls's deat.it war
rant. la tuts conuecttou, lu justice to Governor
Haudoipli, It ought to bo st.tled that it Is understood
or those tu coiiiinuutcailoit with nlm that belore ro
tiring lroua the gubernatorial cnatr he wfil have all
tho papers prepared aud executed, should the
COURT OF PARDONS,
ft special session of which will be hold on an early
I day. not interfere with ttte the sentence, and tnus
relieve Governor Parker lu the matter. In New
Jersey the pardoning power Is vested lu the Court
of Pardons and not tn the Governor. Ills duty is
merely clerical lu character. In the meantime
very stroug effort is making to induce the Court to
commute the sentence to tmprisoument for life.
The following is the full text of the respite:?
THK STAT* OF HXW JKKRKY ?THEODORE F. RANDOLPH,
GOVERNOR OF Til* STATR OK NEW JERSEY.
To Our Sheriff of our County of Ussex?greet
'know ye, tb?t for diver* reasons, me tliereunto moving, I
have grained and do nereby grant a reprieve unto George
Bona, now under sentence of death by reason of a oonvfe
tlon of murder In the Urat degree lieietofore had In the court
of Over and Terminer and General Jail Delivery In and lor
your .aid county, and I do hereby order "i1
aiiftueDd tbe execution or said ?eutoncc until Iridaj, Ibe
day of January ueit en?uing, or until you ar? thereto com
manded by my warrant to you directed and delivered to you
accordine to law. Hereoi fail not.
Given under iny hand end tbe gre.it seal of the 8tate of
New Jersev. tbie 12th day oi December, In the year of our
Lord 1871, and of the Independence of tho United States the
ninety-sixth. By the Governor^ f raNDOLPU.
Henry C. Kelsey, Secretary of Slate.
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IT PITERSt)T*
Loan $200|000-Two Hundred Persona
Thrown Out ?r Employment.
A disastrous lire broke out in the Franklin Mill, in
Mill street, r&terson, N. J., about twelve o'clock on
Tuesday night. The flames started from some
unknown cause in tlie lower portion of the
building, occupied by Messrs. llurrel A Hayes,
manufacturers of steam lire engines. Owing
to tne absence of an alarm boll and every
thing else about system in ttio f'atcrson Fire
Department, there was a lapse of over half an hour
before the engines got to work, and the fire, which
at the start might liavo been easily extinguished,
had enveloped the whole building. The entire
Franklin Mill was destroyed, together with the
Hope (cotton) Mill, adjoining. The Franklin Mill,
owned by the Franklin Manufacturing Company,
was a series of bntldlngs, oullt of brick, and ex.
tending, in wings and additions, over an area 200
by loo icet.
Tne contiguous buildings being ot brick and the
raceway running both in front and rear of the burn
lug nulldiugs prevented a spread ot the flames any
lartber. The principal building was occupied by
various manufacturing establish incuts, in wnich 200
lianas were employed, l he total loss, as near as
can be estimated, Is about $2uo,uoo, on which there
was an insurance of a Utile over *100,Ono, as ioi
lows:?
Buildings of Franktn Manufacturing Company,
lost g:io,ooO; fuily insured. Harrel k Hayes,
steam Ore engine builders, lost S<W,000, on which
there was an Insurance 01 $20,000. bomo flnisued
steam engines were destroyed, among whicn was
one Just completed lor Owego, N. 1. The Van
Klper Manuiacturing Company, machinists, bus.
tulucd a loss of $8,000; Insurance, $2,000. winy the
k Pennington, fllo cutters, lost $0,000: Insurance,
$6,000. A. k U. tacLnln, mosquito nottlng
manufacturers, lost $00,000; insurance. $30,000.
Holt k Co., towel manufacturers, lost $&,000; in
surance, $2,000. C. Kohlhoas k Co., loom manufac
turers. lost $7,000; insurance, $1,400. William
lnglis, shoelace msnuiacturer, lost $4,300; insur
ance, $3,000. Danlul Drown, bobbin turner, lost
$400; no Insurance. William Gedner, silk guide
manufacturer, lost $1,000; no insurance. J. Tatter
sail k Co., roller covtrer, lost $600; no Insurance.
Baohman k Co., mauulacturers of silk shawls, lost
$600; fully insured. _ _
All the above were located in the Franklin Mill.
The damage doue to tne Hope Mill?owned and
occupied by John oak man as a cotton factory?was
about ifl.ooo, 011 which there was $4,000 insurance.
It was tne largest tire that has ooourred In
Patsrson for a long time, and its effects
upon the business of the place wiu be
depreealng, although aii the sufferers have mado
arrangements to resume business immediately;
and handsome uew buildings will be erected In the
place of the buildings destroyed, Tbeoompanlee
in which the above losses are Inaursd could not be
ascertained, even irom the losers themselves, as
since the Chicago flre they had changed most of
their policies to solvent companies, with which
names they were not so familiar. The most of ths
insurance Is in cood companies.
THE CRMBLWG BMS.
The Rottenness of National
Banks Demonstrated,
Great Exeitemrut in Financial Circles-Fears
of a General Panic?Business Men
Alarmed and Cautions.
TWO MORE BANKS SUSPENDED.
Condition or the Ooean, Eighth National and
Un.on Square Banks?The Comptroller of the
Currency at Work?Bnspicicus Action
of the United States Offloera
Following close upon tbe recent panic among
he depositors of several savings banks comes tlie
collapse of three national banks and an oxcltement
well calculated to alarm business men generally.
THH VERY QUESTIONABLE RELATIONS
existing between Mr. Colienaer, the Dnlted States
Examiner, and the Ocean Bank, and the suspicion
that other banks may nave made loans of large
amounts to hltn upon InsuMcieut security, snch as
the stock of the Portage Canal Company is repre
seared to be, has added to the excitement
to such an extent that grave fears are enter
tamed In business circles that wo are on the eve of
a linancial panto likely to assume much greater
proportions, and work serious disasters to the trade
01 the oity and country. The prompt action of Mr.
Ilurlburt, the Comptroller of the Currency, in re
pairing here from Washington and relieving Mr.
Coiiender, whose relations wlih the institutions still
SI)oUr,!!iUie.J^b0?l0OKe^ upon with suspicion, nas
alarmed bank oillcials whose institutions have bcon
??,i ,k.? RtJN.1N A loose manner,
?Tiir,ii y (,ulte uneasy as to his action in the
PIrt yesterday he appoiutod receivers for
i?7.J. ai unl1' within a aayor two had a
larko credit and stood quite well on 'Change, and
hVnhn^nire?Hi na. COuteui-ulalt:S a General ovcr
hauliug ol them all iieiore his return to the capital.
e*cll?Inent >osterday was more particularly
connned to busiuess men about Washington Mar
^.nAimnNAf? creditors of the Ocean, and uptown
ill,? Ih tt f10 re?ldo near or do business
um.F'JL011 ,.Hquaro and Eighth National
uauks. still the situation was canvassed on Wall
street, and many shrewd financiers shook their I
heads ominously and remarked that these failures
were merely the gusts 01' wind that preceded the
Biorui.
The Ocean Bank?Statement of Its A fin Irs.
The ugly revelations relative to the Ocean Bank
and Ita suspension created great excitement
among Its creditors yesterday, and tao prem
ises were beslogod alt day by a crowd
of persons anxious to hear the latest facts. Prom
early morning untu late in the afternoon the direc
tors and the receiver (Mr. Duvies) were employed in
overhauling the securities, with a view of getting
at an approximate idea of its financial condition.
About hall-past two o'clock they completed a super
ficial examination, and are satisfied that the bank
is
in a mucii better condition
than the publlo, who observed that the stock had
Jailen in the market to twenty cents on the dollar,
believed.
Mr. Davis, the recolver, gives the following as
what he believes to bo the actual conditioner the
institution placed In his custody, although, as the
examination was a fiurrlod one, some sugnt inac
~s may be louud on a more critical supcr
liabilities.
I Hie tO biinkR Anne 1 oi
Due to individuals ...7.7.7.7. 6^^
Total deposits *77?r77T
Certified cuecks .7.7.7.7.7.7. ai.'o26
Total liabilities
ASSETS.
Bmsno;;c7u7ie77:7\7.7.7;.7.::::;:;.v;;;;
Margin In bonds deposited to secure clrcu-
j JUl 1011 Ik. r>Ar
Uoiuta and Blocks J-noi?
Bonds and mortgages.... .'.'.'.WW'.'.'.".' 10 w
Deal estate oT"' 1
Furniture and fixtures."..7 .\'.\7.\"7.\\"""
Total assets 777,77^
Liabilities 7
J,aio,70o
Assets over liabilities ?9f, ..1(1
circulation haSDnni0S the aDOVC 8tlUeme?t tiiat' 'the
buta reference ?nth?Lm,Ci uUoU lu lhe "aWi"?es;
a7uii sua iwiiirtK, laMl roport shows it to he
mil,' mi
fnJiS?nnmntP!ruVffler" io
jstsssss
^^h^sSSsr^
i pa awssgsn
porter that the Portage Canal Siin.'. e"
upon tife market at any "price and not
considered good securities, al thorn/h vr iw,,J"'
o?n?tae I'i'CHldentof the company, and otiier officers
'"f responsible gentlemen. Mr. Collcuder wm
n?..?n J '"un(t yesterday, and of course nis exnm
wn.ii i! transaction could not bo obtained
MllCtl (liBBUtiSfuCtlOQ llHS hC6il shown anil
at the appoin tmemf by thecom pit oh e?"
1 js WEss^jsfffssaS^
7 r^rr&,ur,nr:
jsaSSilsssSS
ITS ALLEGRO 1IIKE0ULAI1ITIES.
One gentleman suggested that tho depositors hn,i
!5? to, ai'pl* 10 State Couris for "ne lui
pointment of a receiver; bnt as tills u a na fonm
bank this view of tho case is a very quesUoK
u Mr. Davloa reports that tho bank will resume bust
The Union Nqnnre National (lone Down-A
Receiver Appointed.
Notwithstanding the rumors of Tnesday that the
Union Square National liank was affected by the
demise of the Ocean its credit remained unimpaired
ontU yesterday. On Tucaday evening tne direc
tors arranged with the Shoe and Leuther National
Bank to attend to Its clearances and amply secured
them for this accommodation. They opened the
bank yesterday as usual, and
ram dollar for dollar.
on all checks made upon them, until half-past two
In the afternoon, when Mr. llurlburt, Comptroller of
the currency, without a word of warning, entered,
and, taking possession, appointed as receiver a re
tired merchaut, Mr. Benjamin F. Beekman.
A reportor or the Herald had an interview with
the directory of the institution later In the day, and
they aeclare their ability to pay every cent due de
posltors and oxpect to have a large balance to dis
tribute among the stockholders. They attribute
their dlfllculttes to
A BREACH OF COMMERCIAL FAITTI
on the part of the Shoe and Leather Bank, who,
arter entering on Tuesday night into an agreement
to become their Clearing llouse agent, yesterday
morning withdrew from their compact without
notifying them, and they first learned of Its action
from the East Kiver National Bank.
lip to flitoen minutes past three o'clock yesterday
afternoon the Shoe and Leather Bank had not
notified mem of their breach of contract, notwith
standing the b'nlou square Bank had deposited wltn
them
OMR HUNDRED AND TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS TO
COVER CLEARANCES.
"It Is a remarkable course to pursue," said one of
the directors, "and had any other bank In the city
even tire Chemical?been treated as we have been
treated by the Shoe and Leather, It wonhl have suc
cumbed and been forced to go under. The truth is,
the Shoo and Leather was "panicked," and we are
the victims of it. since the present board of direct
ors entered upon their duties last spring the deposits
have more than trebled. We are a bank of small
circulation? only |<w,OjO?and the rules of
tlx clearing House an so arbitrary gad
sxpenstve that we preferred to dear
STTn?^!""^80 aa not to Impair our ?X
out over our oounion 'bV?60, w? have p.,ia
13011 000 n? t0 d''P?sitors over
deposits. we paii L0\"a ,u/^UkLi\^
silll paving d>iUr ror dnnl""18!. ,M"000L anil
up uad not the ComptrouS' ,ua(lcuu'1'J ?ave *?P'
rnent, stopped la am \t0 our uUer s??tontsh.
ness with wblcu we novo m 10 8top- Th? Pr0dlP*
how carefmly the bank u Si 1 ?ver^ demand shows
question 11 any other dank m iif?n. mauaK?l. and I
PAT OUT $30J,0J0 IN C0U,<1
Ab I have already said the simi
caused our difficulty. Tbev hiv? father Bank
or their breach of tie control hS^i uollfle(,
other banks. If they had acted ^L1'1?7 notified
we would have paid every cioUar^ iia,UJr deoenoy
other banks who have to-day cWnmT.t^ S10??? 01
their respective banks r^legaThJld n^ i-9 "J1*
credit to the amouut of such chocks Vn ft1haU?r
so liable can hold the Shoe ami leather ?int^ankf
deem them. No bank can discoui Z^LilL 10
without ulvtng twenty-four houre "no??ca. agenC3r
THE DIRECTORS of THE UNION B lUAKH mu.
are Thomas it. Read, Simon snether, j. r Whirm*
Theodore Moss, O. B. Beeckman, Henry Beeckman!
J. I). Bird, Thomas H. Banker J. R. irwii o J^i S*
mtemeJl o^'ThP h0p? by th,,! artern"on to hSw i
statement of their assets and liabilltiea rna.ii fn.
IZness9: LattMy to? D0 'ateSuon S"f iS&jg
The Eighth National Ku.pends Pnymrnt?A
It cc elver Appointed?Wbat the Officers
SftJ'a
The Eighth National Bank suspended payment
yesterday, and the fact created no small amount of
excitement among depoaitors and others who had
an interest in the bank. It was generally suspected
that once the suspension had become bruited about
a "run" on the institution would be the natural re.
suit, but such aid not turn out to b?
the case, a Herald reporter paid a visit to
the bunk during the atternoon, just as the directors
were holding a meeting. Everything seemed to bo
tnconiusion, and ihe excitement among tho clerks
was reauy amm-ing, although every one of them did
his best 10 appear calm and collected. The reporter
expected to And a crowd of people at the doors
clamoring for their money, but there were not a
half-dozen persona In the vestibule, and not one of
them was a depositor.
The President (Mr. Union Adams) appeared to ho
very downcast over the event, and had llitle to say.
and relerrod all inquiries to the Cashier, Mr. Hudson.
Ihe latter the herald reporter encountered after
the meeting o. tho directors.
"Tou have suspended payment, I understand!"
said the reporter.
-We have," said Mr. Hudson; "and I am very
Borry for It."
"What is the causer"
"Well, when yon talk about cause, I don't exactly
know what to say; for we are as strong and a*
sound to-day us we over were. We were taken by
surprise, and there was no uelp for it."
"How?"
Why, in this way. Everything was going on
smoothly when
TUB NOTICE WAS SERVED
upon us without a moment's warning. What am
we to do?"
"What notice
A notice from the Batchers and Drovers' Pang
telling ua that tney could not accommodate us after
Clearing Home anything to do with It?"
1 110r 1110 'ue Butchers and
redeemed lor us; so we uad no direct con
i i?a 1'? 'ho Clearing Home."
'W':r dld vour 'redeemers' act In this way?"
1 daro uay they got feurlul that there was
J?. Keueral crush all round, or something of that
Kind. 1 ou see the ocean Bunk affair gave them a
scare, aua tuey came to tho conclusion, under all
?T'? einintn.siauces, that tno best thing they could dj
wouid tie to loox out lor themselves aud not taxe
responsibilities lor anv other bunk.
tita as t,lure 110 other cause lor their action?"
None that 1 know of. We aro as sound to-day aa
we ever were. Everything will be right, in a few
deia*' ?r coul>ie Ulor? Wl11 De a groat ueal of
"W'LL DEPOSITORS SUFFER AT ALL?"
Not to the extent of a solitary cent."
"WLat is the bank's indebtedness to depositors?"
1 couldn't give you the exact statement. Thai
win ne given in a lew days, but It is but a little
ovw three iiundreu thousand dollars."
"And what are your aa.-eisr"
"lhcy ure quite sufficient to meet all reanti*
mcnis. No depositor ius anything to tear."
"Has u receiver beou appoluied t"
Mr. Albeit Aianu. Ho was formerly ooa?
neciod with the treasury Department m Washing*
"What was the last siaiement of the bank?"
"Uu bauirdav the statement made showed th*
followiua:?a-sets?Legal tenders, $155,?00. Inablti
5 "aSits'' circulation, $j5u,ujo?
i bis ended the conversation with Mr. Hudson, and
the reporter at once wended 111s wuy to the Butchers
and Drovers Bank. There be found vcrv little sat
IMucI on for his tourney, one of tne oiUcials simply
staled:?'J11 view of the distrust and
ULNRIIAI. (,'NRASt.NKCS IN COUMKROIAL C1RCLFS
caused by the Ocean Bunk affair, wo deemed it best
tmnai Ultlier ,0 accommodate the Eignw Na
"la 01 her words, you were anxious to paddle yoor
own canoe through the impending storm?"
"Exactly."
Beaming that the Police Commissioners had
w,h A LARUE DEPOSIT
mii.n? 8 National, the reporter called at
1 once Headquarters to hud out wiietlier tlioy'elt
auywise anxious. J
ab*o'" A'au'err? waa only Commissioner get-at
*'^ay,e "10 Commissioners a largo deposit in the
bank was uie reporter's question, after ho had
jntorined the Commissioner tnat he had ueord th*
bauk had suspended payment.
"'n?/ J'avc not," said Mr. Manlerro. "Most of
their mouey is at tho Tenth National. Tho bankE
where wo are to draw agaiast warrants of in*
Comptroller are designated by the Comptrollers
and as we draw checks against tho exact
amounts put to our credit, and as. owing to th*
troubles in the Comptroller's depart
ment, wo have not had much to draw against, w*
have not much in the Eiguth National."
"What Is the amount?"
,verT small. 1 can't state the exact figures."
what is your opinion of the bank f?
"Wo have always considered it good. Mr.
Adams, the I resident, is a man in whom everybody
officers/' nW' B? are "le cashier and the other
"The bank officers say the Butchers and Droven>
sprung tuo whole trouble on them."
"bo it would seem. I understand they were tn
such a hurry about it that oue of the officials of tbo
Ijutciiers aua Drovors' iiauk took a c&rriaao at
tnretf o clock this morniu.it and drove way up to
ou?ii2f? Adama' residoacc to serve tue ooueo
Thus matters stand tvith the bank. In a day or
two the receiver will make bis report.
To the Depositors of tbe Ocean National
Rank.
A committee of the depositors of the aboyo bank
give notice that a preliminary meeting of the de
positors will bo held at twelve o'clock M. to-day
(Thursday), at the office of Messrs. Lojkwood
Everett, 61 Murray street, for the purpose of mutual
consultation and protection. uiuiuns
f^tog^fmuots respecting tho management of
the bank, and the fact that tho present receiver, Mr.
Davis, is an attorney of the bank and a creditor to
the amount of $B,ooo, and therefore is an unfit Der
evory depositor!"' Sll0Ula CU"Ur? ,Uo atlcud;mc?
WT?? notico is signed bv^the following gentlernenN
\V 111. ii# U, Cliiltls, 73 Maiden lane! igockwoodl A
Everett, 61 Murray street; l'eter Uagau, 412 Wash,
lngton street,
CANADA.
Antagonism in the Ontario Legislator# Or#*
the Lieutenant Unnrnnr'* Address?Th#
Opposition Inclined to ltcjort It.
Toronto, Ontario, Dec. 13, 1871.
The debate in the Ontario Legislature on the ad
dress in reply to the Lieutenant Governor's speeds
occupied Monday and Tuesday, and will no con
tinued to-day. On a motion, coming from the gor
eminent side, for adjournment last evening, tM
government was defeated by a vote or S3 to 86.
It is questionable whether the government will be
able to carry tuo address, Mr. Blake, the leader of
the opposition, having moved an amendment.
There is a good deal or excitement; the House la
crowded every evening; the division Is very close,
THEPT OP CLOTHING BEING SENT TO THB
CHICAGO JBUFFERERS.
On the 16th of October, while a train belonging to
the Ilnason Klver Railroad, laden with clothing,and
provisions for the relief or the Chicago suderent
was standing on the track at Thirty-second street
William u. Harris and John Qutun, two young
thieves, got into one of the wagons and stole a large
quantity of tne clothing and several pairs of blank
ets, which they sold to Anne McQlnty, residing in
West Thirty-third street. They were arrested on
Monday last, and were committed at JoiXerson Map
ket yesterday. Mrs. McUlnty was arrested also, and
was held in $600 ball to answer.
INCREASED TAXATION IN TENNESSEE.
Nash villi, Deo. 13,1371.
The Legislature has enacted a law fixing the rata
of taxation at forty cents on $100 worth of property,
and has subjected many things to taxation hitherto
untaxed. Tne revenue raised under the ne# IgJ
will probabiv bo enough to pay the expense# of tnn
Bute, leaving tho interest on UM bonded dent un
provided lot.