'n-r re pbesb
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IT, 1S71.
CITY AND,,VICINITY
New A«...-*'**u°y*
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Ouarr>iuen ami Builders....! C Woodrml.
i^i:-solunou ami ^partnership.... Waldion So
Picked up.... W II Oidway.
picked up Adiut....Paul tLcKennv.
Jiamteed Lai Icy aud p McGlinch
Gorhuui Seminary-G \1 Hodge.
(..bam tiers to Let... .No 4 Locu»l street
Bulk ing Lots lor bale.... Maiy a. bt tie
kauey Gooas Store Ur Sale... .imz^eiald Co
City oi Portland.. B Corey. g
superior tisari.
NOYBlfBRtt etV.L TERM, LAME, J., PRESIDING.
Ihursday—Iu the case ot Richard Mayberry vs
Hugh M. P.utnmer al reported yesterday, tli
j uiy returned a verdict for the plaiutift' lor $23 27.
Motiou lor uew tiial tiled.
N. S. LitUeliold. Vinton.
Cole.
limiamin F. Smith rs. Inhabitants ot Baldwin.
Action to recover damages tor injuries alleged k
have been sustained by roasou ot a deioctive high
way in Baldwin. Too testimony 1 r tbe plainlit
teufls to show that the outside plauk ot a bridge ovei
what is called Pigeon brook, was some lour or livi
iuckes &oovs the surface bt tbs earth, the approach
to me bridge being down a hill, aud this constitute:
the alleged delect. Plaintid snys he was driving
over there on the 28th oi Aagust, 1870, with his meal
cart, and hy rea'On ot this abrupt rise at this bridge,
he was thrown Ire in his cart and his ribs fractured,
Damages claimed $3000. Evidence tor defendant in
progress.
Virgin. Swascy Son.
Municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Thursday—Alice Douglass, the colored servant,
was bound over on a charge of larceuj, ia the sum o;
$1000, to appear at the Superior Coart in January,
Commuted ia default ot bail.
Tbe Relief Fund.
FOR WISDOM SIN AND MICHIGAN.
Received by S. E. Spring:
Methodi.'t church,South Pai is, by Rev. A.
Hitch, $18.0C
Sunday School, sam# church, additional, 1.30
Cougregatioual church, South Paris, by S.
Sto*e, 50.50
m Brief Jolting*.
We saw in tbe wmdow of an up-towo itore
on Wednesday, a box of ripe Strawberries
raised iu the open air oa a larm iu tbe vicin
ity of this city.
Owing to the storm tbe trips of tbe steamer
Lewiston have been deranged. Sho will leave
Portland for Macbias at 10 o’clock this eve
ning.
A very fioe map of Buxton has lately been
1... r\_: r\_i. -_4 ..r 4
1-- J
£G00, by the request of Cyrus Woodman,
Esq., wbo boro mast of tiro expense. It re
presents the towa according to its original
location, and the names aud landed posses
sions of the original settlers are carefully
preseived on it.
Mr. Morris Wolf, while coming down stairs
from Odd Fellows’ Hail on Wednesday night
accidentally fell aud broke one of his legs.
Steamer Forest City left her wharf at 3 o’
clock Wednesday afternoon and laid all night
lu Hog Island Roads, returning to her wharf
at 8 3a yesterday morning. She bad not sai’ed
at a late hour last night. It is a vety unusual
circum stance for steamers of this line to lose
a trip, much more two in succession.
The members of the Board of Manufactures
are reminded of the adjourned meeting at the
Mayor’s Office this evening at 7 X 2 o’clock.
The high tides have caused great destruction
ol life—aruocg the rats.
The chestnut Venders have not found their
business remunerative these last two days.
A wagon got smashed up last night on Ox
ford street by plumping iuto a hole gullied out
by the water.
The Commissioners on the proposed Iodus
trial School (or girls met in this city yesterday
for consultation, and will hold another session
to-day.
Mibb Twain’s Lbctubb.—The second lec
tuie of the Army aud Navy Union Course
was given last evening before an exceedingly
large audience at City Hall. The tall, well
mado man with a serious aud almost severe
cast of countenance, after gazing at his hearers
In an anxious, inquiring sort of way, until they
seemed driven into applauding, stated that he
should have the pleasure of introducing Mr
Samuel Clommens,—a gentleman renowned
for his varied accomplishments, bis historical
accuracy and his extrema modesty. He added,
‘■I am the party.” This oustom of introducing
himself he prefers, because he is so much more
likely than another to get in all the facts.
Starting with the assertion that Ward was a
humorous baby and that his sudden notoriety
and fortune prevented his gradnal develop
ment into the polished wit he might under
other circumstances have become, Mr. Clcin
mens related a series of jokes and annccdotes
and connected Ihaniby a rambling history of
the life of Artemus Ward, who, it would seem
begun to be funny while a printer aud un
known to fame. It was while laboring under
these disadvantages that be conceived the idea
of running tread-miils by steam, and exp’ain
ed to a board ofra’lroad directors that if they
would mn their trains so slowly they ought to
put their cow catcher on the rear end lest
some wandering cow should overtake the train
and attack the paseengers.
In a sort of interlude Mr. Clemmens stated
that Artemus had been credited with a good
many jokes that didn’t really belong to him,
aud with an air of mock modesty said that
other folks bad sai l some good things attribut
ed to A. W. It is certainly being discovered
that good things have been thought of by other
people than those claiming them, and when
one of Mark Twain’s best essays had been
carefully prepared for the press, some one dis
covered that the same ideas had been better
set forth some years before by a;Jewish writer
named Josephus. Although as a general rule
we admire what we are most attached to, yet a
horse wbo had for years been attached to a
dray despised the dray; and two wits who con
tended for the honor of baring first thought o
this fact, blushed at the tefiection that the
horse thought of it before either of them.
It was while a reporter at Cleveland tbai
Artemus, then known as Charles F. Brown, it
an idle hour penned an ill spelled letter chieflj
for his own entertainment, and signed it \r
temus Ward.” It achieved unprecedented
popularity, and raised its author to fame it
much the same way that “The Heathen Chi
nee” raised Bret Harte. There was somethiof
in Artemus Ward tjia', took the country bj
storm and the American showman who wa
ready to turn au honest penuy by txbibitin;
an eclipse from a tent with au open top, im/ne
diately had this whole world running to hi
show. A digression on the character of tb
showman as a character showed a coarse, illit
erato American always endeavoring to suit bi
conversation to bif company, always keepini
bis eye ou tbe “Almighty Doliar," alway
mingling the ridiculous with tbe sublime, am
never losing a joke. Soon after acquiting hi
popularity as the author of the Ward letters
Mr. Brown was called on to rovive if possible
“Vanity-Fair,” already entered upon tha
quick declino which every American comi
paper seems destined to enter in its early joutt
Mr. Clemmeos is one authority for saying tha
“Mr. brown, who always hated work, watelie
the paper in Us death agonies, saw it expire
and said above its grave that ho had alway
been of tha opinion that an occasional joke iui
proved a comic paper.”
“Vanity-Fair” having passed away, the ide
of lecturing occurred to Brown. Encourage
in this by his friends and associates, he strun
together a series ot jokes and stories, under th
heading of “My Seven Grandmothers,” but a
the suggestion of a friend substituted th
equally appropriate title of “The Babes in th
Wood,” and went forth to new triumphs. Fc
an entire winter he delivered his lecture befoi
crowded houses in New York, and his prcfii
for that season were estimated at from thirl
to forty thousand dollars—then considered
large amount, now moderate for a gas-fitter i
the New York court bouse.
Many of the jokes quoted seemed to con
back to tha audienco like old friends. For ii
stauce, tbe once familiar question of the Ca
ifornia manager—“What’ll you take for or
hundred nights?” and Artemus’s reply
“Brandy and water.” But what shall wo sa
of a man who lectures on Artemus Ward, an
mutilates that dear old joke about ‘'eacrificic
all my wife’s relations,” go that it was bal'd 1
to be recognia-d. Tbe latter portion of tl
lecture was aerious rather than funny, portraj
ing Mr. Brown’s career after be left Amcric
never to return. H;s enormous success i
London made him threaten at one time t
compel the lioyal Family to stay away. H
was rumored to have received almost fabulou
sums for his contributions to Punch aU(] wit
his panorama at Egyptian Hall his success wa
wonderful. He lectured until his health wa
in such a condition that he was nightly attend
ed by his physician at the theatre and fell
victim to disease at the age of thirty-thre.
Speaking as a personal acquaintance, M
Clemmens declartd Mr. Brown to have been
true gentleman. He closed the lecture with
touching and appreciative poem from a Lo
don Journal, published just after Mr. Brown
death.
Mr. Clemruens’ fdrte is not the platfori
He does better with the pea. The lectu
last evening was more of Mark Twain tbi
Arte m us Ward. He used his subject mote as
a means of exhibiting his own humor than r<$
anau?l.vM8 of Ward’s cbaracteiist rs. Ha ad
hered to a number of grave errois iu regard to
A rte am*’s early history which are familiar to
those who knew the facetious showman’s
antecedents well. On the whole we tbiuk the
audience would have b(en better p’ea eJ if
Mr. Clemmeos had delivered his other lecture.
j The Change in She Morning ISoaloii Mail.
Iu ielation to the recent change in the
morning mail from Bostou, of w hich we spoke
yester(lay, the Postmaster informs us that the
alteration was made without any previous no
tice to the office. Incidentally it become
known in the Post Office abcait 10 o’clock
last Monday forenoon.
The change consists in detaining the mail
which formerly left Boston by the first accom
modatiou train at 7 30, until the departure of
2 the Pullman express from the south at 8 30
Although the delay amounts to au hour iu
starting, it is reduced to only tweuty reroutes
difference in the time of arrival, the mail belDg
due at this Post office ueder the new system at
i 12.50 in-toad of 12 30 as hitherto; so that citi
zens will receive their letters now at one p. m.,
iustead of 12 40. unless the train is delayed.
This loss of twenty minutes at noon is doubt
less au objection, but not wholly without its
redeeming feature, which is, that herea/ter,we
shall alwayt rec ive our through mail from
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and
Washington, before dinner, whereas hitherto
connection was frequently lost and letters be
yond Boston did not arrive here until five p.
m.
Perhaps a few weeks’ experience may recon
cile our people to the change, which we un
derstand at the Post-office was made by direc
tion of the Postmaster General in order to
carryout his plan of direct postal facilities
from San Francisco to Halifax, the longest
route in the world, which the tecent comple
tion of the E N. A. railroadto St. John
has enabled him now to perfect.
Notwithstanding,the Postmaster tcok imme
diate measures to ascertain whether the origin
al arrangement may not be restored aDd lie
will use his best effoits to effect such change as
may be satisfactory to the citizens.
Of course the t xtraordinary and vexatious
delays of tbo past two days are attributable to
the violence of the storm and not to the or
dinary opeialioo of the new system.
The Storm.—We have heard of no further
damage in this vicinity by the storm than was
recorded by us yesterday, except the injury to
Vaughan’s bridge.which will necessitate iia be
ing closed to travel for a few days for repairs.
The afternoon train of Wednesday on the
Portland Koebostcr road was delayed at
Springvaleby a wash-out, but the track was
repaired quickly and the train ran regularly
vesterdav. No t.rnnhln wna nmarinn,,,,!
tbe Grand Trunk, and tbe trains have all come
in on lirue.The Maine Central cars by the back
route bava made good trip*, but ou the Augus
ta division no train bad got through last even
ing ou account of tbe break at Gardiner where
tbe accident of Wednesday night occurred. Iu
our marine department an account will bo
found of disasters to three P.r.land vt* el'. We
get little informationlyet from along,the coast,
but it is quite likely that we shall bear of many
wrecks.
Ins Eastern Railroad.—No traiu has
raachei this city over tbe Eastern Railroad
since Wednesday noon. There are two serious
wash-outs on tbe line, we understand—one at
Hampton Beach and the other at Ipswich.
Other smaller breaks occur along tbe western
end of tbe line. Tbe marls have all come
through over tbe Boston Sc Maine road, though
some of them were behindhand on account ol
the delays incident to the suspension of travel.
An accident occurred to an Eastern Railroad
train at Rowley, running off the track owing
to a wash-out. The train was running very
slowly at tbe time, not over four miles an boar.
When it left the rail the fireman was caught
between the locomotive and lender, killing
him.
Portland Savings Bank.—This institution
has just declared its semi-annual dividend ol
61-2 per cent., which is now payable. Thede
posits amount to $3,886,140 77, the number of
depositors being 8752. Tbe reserve fund is
$12,000 aDd iotorest $128,979 90; total, $4,027,
126 67. The following shoVs the investments:
U. S.Gevernment Bonds, at pir.. _$ 255,500X0
Stare, City anti County Bonds, pur value
$1,159,800. 1,107,239.12
Bank btock, at par. 03,493.00
L^ans to Town?.,. 22,9)3.00
Loins with Collatorais, ar par. 1,031,418.53
Morijza?oi, at par. 1,020.441.98
Kailroal Bonds, par value $335,809. 337 4^5.00
Heai listate..,. 77,735 b7
Hxpeaees.. 3 220.75
Casl1. 104.C90.42
_______$4,027,120 07
I. O. O. F.—We have received from N. G.
Cummings, Grand Scribe of tbe R. W. Grand
Encampment I. O. of O. F. of tbe State of
Maine, tbe published journal cf tbe transac
tions of that body a9 held at its twenty-seventh
annual session in Bangor in August last, to
gether with an abstrao*. of returns of tbe sub
ordinate encampments in this State, and tbe
report of the Grand Representative, O. B.
Whiddec, to tbe Grand Lodge of tbe United
States at tbe session in Chicago in September.
Tbe Grand Scribe has also sent us the chroni
cles of tbe Ancient Brothers Lodge No. 4, of
this city, which contains some interesting .sta
tistics and a full history of the Lodge. Tbe
next session of tbe Grand Encampment wifi
be held in Lewiston next year.
Saved from Drowning.—Ahoul 11 o'clock
last night Officer McClasky, while passing
through Fore street heard an outcry from the
direction of the dock's. He followed the sound
down on Union wharf and discovered a man
in the water, on the east side, between the
steamer Clotilda and the wharf, cliuging to a
pile. The officer called for help and Mr. Amos
Smith and his son, keepers on the steamer,
came to his assistance and the man was res
cued and taken to tbe Station Honseand cared
for. The man refused to give bis name or any
account of himself. He is a stout built young
fellow about 23 years of age, well dressed. He
had about thirty cents in silver in his pocket
but no papers by which he could be identified.
Fire.—The alarm of fire this morning at
one o’clock, came from a two story wooden
house in the iear of No. 3 State street,
near York, owoed by Francis O. Sawyer and
occupied by three families. The fire originat
ed in the room of an old lady named Gallagher,
who was quite seriously burned before she
could be rescued. The roof of the house was
nearly consumed before the fire was extin
i guished. Two other families named Ward
and Berry occupied the bouse in additiou to
the one named. Mrs. Gallagher,who is nearly
80 years old, was so badly burned that it is
very doubtful if she survives.
To the Editor of the Tress:
Throughout the civilized world, for the last
twenty years, a class of extraordinary physical
j and mental phenomnea have beeu witnessed,
I which the most celebrated scientists, alter a
careful and long continued investigation, Lave
not as yet been able to account for.
During Lust spring and summer, certain
manifestations were observed in a sick cham
ber in ih is city, and claimed to originate like
unseen intelligence who conducted tho recov
5 ery of a man to health who was supposed to
have been mortally injured by a fall through
t several scuttles. As a great deal has been said
about the m3sterious occurrances accompany
ing the patient’s restoration, a gentleman of
well-known veracity, who was present during
i the most of ihoir developments, has consented
to give an account of the same on Sunday next
at 3 p. m., in the Hall of the A. and N. Union,
corner of Brown and Congress streets, and all
1 interested iu hearing a wonderful narrative
j from the mouth of an eye witness, are invitid
9 to.be present without expense. Civ is.
3 Gorham Seminary.—The attention of the
1 public is called to the advertisement “Gorham
3 Seminary,” which appears in to day’s paper.
e The trustees havo secured the services of an
r able board of teachers, and the principal, Mr.
K Bodge, is highly recommended for his efficien
3 cy, earnestness and love for his profession.
y May this ancient and highly respectable Instv
a tntion coniinue to prosper.
D
1*rof. Stone.—This gentleman appears to
e be meeting wiib good success with his lecture
1- and experiments inj phrenology and electro*
biology. Ho exhibits considerable power over
e his subjects and furnishes a good deal of
>f amusement to liia audience. The gift ecter
y prise feature is a great attractiou, and some
d very valuable presents are given away.
g —---L-—
y tniSCELLANEOVS NOTICES.
e
TWO DESIRABLE BUILDING LOTS 0U VailghaU
street may be obtained by reference to our ad
vertising columns.
a All graduates of the Portland High School,
5 both ladies and gentlemen, who are interested
in the formation of a Reference Library for the
1 use of tbe school, and to be the property of the
5 same, are requested to meet at the Common
Council Room, City Building, on Saturday
nest, at 3 P. M. Many Graduates.
A
Fitzgerald Co. contemplate leaving
Portland on or about the first of January.
a Prior to that time all goods in their line will
a be sold at a slight advance on cost. We quote
Ladies’ Heavy Fleeced Cotton Hose for 15c per
pa r; Ladies’Merino Undershirts from G8c to
$1.25; Kid Gloves from GOc to $1 75; Lisle
o. Thread and Plush lined from 13 to 50c; Cbil
re dren’H all wool Hose from 8o upwards; colored
in Bilk liimb. Braid 20c a pieoe.
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
it* A I K.
The JTIaa’-SC Central Tiaiiik-The Storm t
hrwiilsu.
Lewiston, Nov. 17.—Both trains over tl
Maine Central Railroad from Bangor Conti*-t
ed through via Lewiston to-daj on account
last night’s accident ou the Augusta Divisic i
The train was about 50 tniuuies late.
The s^orm still continues but snow is no
j falling aud the storn has resulted in litfl
i damage in this part of the state either to rai
roads or other property.
Fire.
Bangor, Nov. 1G. A double teneinen
house owned and occupied by Chandler Ocb
and h*rs. Anderson Parker, took fire this P m.
from burning out of chimney, and the uppe
portion of tLe house nai badly burned and tin
lower part badly damaged by water. Mr. Cobl
was insured f>r $1000 and Mrs. Parker fo
$1200, which wi 11 cover losses.
NUW YORK.
The Late Mona.
Nkw York, Nov. 1G.—The firet snow of tin
ssasou here cuuimenci d lading this moruirj;
at 7 o’clock. Additional accounts show the*
(ffecis of tbe storm in this vicinity Tuesdaj
night and by tbo high tide* Wednesday ti
have been quite severe. A large quantity o
Harlem flats was washed away. In Jerse>
tbe Morris canal overflowed, submerging base
ments, carrying ff lumber, boats, yachts, etc
damaging ever $10,000 worth of property.
The lecture room of the Methodist church at
Bergen Heights was blown down and the
church damaged.
In Newark over $20,000 worth of property
was destroyed by wind aud w.uer, several un
finished houses being demolised aud cellar
basements flooded.
At Elizabeth a brick foundry and iivc build
ings were blown drwo. The seboocor Native,
of Greenwich, Conn., was blown high aud diy
ou a dock aud another schooner driven ashore
demolishing a barn in its progress Worrall’*
brick factory loat 20.000 bricks and seventy-five
tons of moulding sand. A n unfinished chnrcb
iu Plainfield was also destroyed.
Win. Plimpton, a brakeman on tbe Long
Tslaud Railroad, was Oiown from a train ou to
tbe track, another train severing his bead from
bis body.
The Presbyteiiau church at Freeh all, N. J
was partly demolished by the gale on Tuesday
night. Loss $3000.
The Blag au«l (lie Viaduct Railway.
The Directors of the proposed Viaduct Rail
way, including Tweed, Sweeney, Bradley,Cou
nolly. Hall,O’Gormau and 13ai.L Smith, have
all resigned, aud all the employees are sun
pended except the Secretary.
A Change.
The residerce of Mr. Nathan, who was so
mysteriously murdered, is being converted into
a gambling hell.
The unknown man who died of apoplexy at
Bellevue Hospital yesterday was Judge Fred
erick Vose, of Walpole, N. U.
The Henry f. i.erd.
The hark Rachel, from Philadelphia for
Portland, has arrived here. On. the 14h, at 0
A. M., off Barnegat, bearing West thirty-five
miles, she fell in with a boat containing me
captain and crew ol the bark Henry P. Lord,
ol HarpsweH, Me.,irom Philadelphia for Port
land, with coal, which they hsil left ou her
beam ends and in a sinking condition. The
Rachel took the crew on board aud brought
them to Sandy Honk and transferred them,
with the exception of the captain, to a steam
tug, which brought them to this port.
Escape of a Connie rfi ier.
Ballard, one ot the men who eecaped from
LudUw street jail last night, was one of Mi
ner’s most useful and dangerous men in coun
terfeiting. They cut through the celling aud
roof aud clatnbeied to the roof ol a tenement
house and escaped through the hatchway of
the latter to the street.
£3 A Cvppirhead Sail.
John Mitchell gained a point to day in tho
suit against Geo. Dix for alleged false impris
onment, Judge McCuun denying a motion to
transfer the case to the United States Court,
for the reason that it did not come uuder the
laws of Congress of 1863 and 1868, tht arrest
having occurred June 14,1865, subsequent to
tho date fixed by the Presidential proclama
tion ou the close of the rebellion.
Extra Session of Legislature Clonsidrrrd.
An Albany special says Goy. Hoffman met
the Democratic Slate Souitors at Troy to-day,
to consider the propriety of an extra session of
the Legislature to pass the new reform charters
already drafted by O’Conor, Tilden aud others
for New York and Brooklyn.
Various Matters.
Ooe more death from cholera at West Back
hospital.
The Pacific Mail matter has been ad justed.
Aldan B. Stock well was chosen President and
F. W. Bellows Vice President Tiie resigna
tions of Clews and Lockwood were accepted
when they were made individual stockholders
and re elected directors.
The Fisk-Macsfieid suit was postponed till
to morrow.
Daniel Sweeney died in Jay street, Brook
lyn yesterday, from the bite of cat.
A horse car was demolished at Newtown, L.
L, last evening by a South Side Railroad train.
Fourteen passengers jumped off in lime to save
their lives.
A hundred Park laborers are understood to
li3ve voted against Bradley for tho Senate and
have been dismissed.
A wild steer ran through tho st.oet.s on the
west side of the town to-day and injured a
number of people, some of them tatalty.
Forged 4 lirets Decision.
Judge McCunu lias decided in the ease of a
forged chrek that the hank p-iyir.g it is a loser
though drawn on another institution. The
National .Mechanics’ Banking Association etif
lers to the amount oi $15,500.
The Sixth Ward Vale, Brooklyn.
Jud*e Gilbert, of the Supreme Court, grout
ed a mandamus restraining tho canvassers si
Kings coauty from proceeding with the vote ol
one district ot the 6th Ward, where, it is
claimed, the ballot boxes were stuffed and that
it was a physical impossibility to poll as many
votes as appeared to have been done.
The {Proposed Charter.
The committee of seteoty are giving exelu
sivo attention to tho framing of the new city
charter and election law and similar matteis
for legislative action. Ex-Gov. Salomon is
chairman of the sub committee on legislation.
The committee have just secured new quarters
at the corner of 4th avenue and 17th street.
There is considerable talk of running ex
Mayor Ifavemeyer for the Mayoralty in the
epring if a new charter is then in effe.it.
Democratic Organization.
Ex Gov. Seymour to-day had a long confer
ence with Samuel G. Countene.v, chairman ol
Apollo Hall Democratic committee, relative tc
a reorganization of the Democratic elements
in the city and State. It is known that Sey
mour is anxious for a consolidation of the paitj
here with a view of excluding the corruption
ists of Tammany from further woikiugsof the
party.
Alexis Heard From.
Sandy Hook, Nov. 16—Noon.—A’oxis is no
on hoard the Russian frigate which arrivsi
and anchored off here last night. She report!
that she parted compauy with.tbe ship baviot
the Grand Duke ou board Nov. Gib lat. 2]
long. 70.
WASHINGTON.
Value of (he signal Service.
Washington, Nov 16—The signal office In
cautiuary signals warned all parts ol the eouu
try from five to filteen hours ahead ot tho ap
proacli ot the storm. The wind at Now Yorl
reached the velocity of sixty miles per hour
Snow storms prevailed yesterday and Iasi
night at Toronto, Buffalo, Cleveland, Pittsburj
Rochester and Oswego.
(laid.
yuuug oi x>nugeporr, uonn.; appar
entlydeciived by a report that the Treasury
offered a reward of $300 for a million def icei
posiage aud levenne frtamjs has forwarded 10,
600 stamps ou account and requests pay pro
rata.
A ppoiutmrnl.
Charles Brady is appointed assistant stori
keeper in the Custom House. Boston.
Tfcc Chicago Rank.
Washington, Nov. 16.— The Examiner des
iguatt d by tbe comptroller of cimency to maki
investigation into the affairs of the Cbitiagt
National Batiks, reports the losses to be in re
ality much less than was estimated just afte
the tire, and that under the circumstances tb<
condition* of tb» banks are txccl'ent.
The Civil Service.
The Civil Service Commission has had tin
dcr consideration the subject of boards of ex
animation acfd their appoiotmont duties.
In response to Secret at y Delano’s reques
he telegraphed to-day to Calhoun, the peusiot
agent at Philadelphia, aud the latter respoud
cl as follows: Resignation sent by mail. Maj
Nevin, of Penn., now chief of the division o
receipts aud expenditures of the Treasury De
partment, is designated as Calhouu’a succes
sor.
Cnlcb Cushing’s Successor.
It is probable that Mr. Dick, a lawyer of thi
city, will be appointed successor of Caleb Cmb
iug as counsel tor the Uuited States before tb
American Spanish Cotnuiisvou.
PBftftMVltVANVA.
The Giber IViniou Agency.
Philadelphia, Nov. 16.—Maj. Calhoun ha
sent his resignation as Pension Agent to tb
Secretary of the Iuterio*-, asking time to clos
accounts before lus successor take* possession
He asserts that the reported detalcatiou is un
ti ue aud that an examination oi accounts wi
show a balance against the Government.
Caving in of n Mine.
A Scranton despatch says, ‘'Great constorna
tion prevails at Hyde Park in consequence
the caving in of earth over the Oxford rnioe
Buildings were badly shaken but no injury t
persons. Large apertures were made in tb
streets.
Railroad Accident.
Pittsburg, Nov. 16 —An Express train com
iug east ou the Pan Haudle Railroad, ran upo
a broken rail this morning rear Alexandra
Tbe Fiieman was crushed to death aud tb
Engineer painfully scalded.
Wreck.
Erie, Nov. 1G.—Scb. Montcalm went asloi
early yesterday morning two miles east t
Girard. Heavy sea prtvented rescue of tb
crew till this mormug, when ten persons wei
taken oil.
osiio.
Co igreguiioual Council.
Oberlin, Nov. 16.—Ia the Iaternatiom
Congregational Council the day was consume,
in discussion on a constitution, and the coi
ventiou adjourned without reaching a fiua
vote. The sections adopted provide fer tr
ennial meetings aud that the national bod
shall never exo-cise legislative or’ judicial at
thotity, or consent to act as council ot refei
ence. __
C A Bit A.
Arrival ol Sti*ainahip Japan.
San Francisco, Nov. 15 —The China Ma
Steamship Japan arrived from Hong Kon
and Yokohama and brings 12 607 packages
teas, 533 of silks, aud 55 packages of otbt
merchandise for New York.
i< O Jbt H' L Q- JST
GREAT H *41 TAIN.
Rrdmtio of Raieef Uincouui.
London. Nov. 16 lb4* rate of discouot o
l tbe Bank of England is reduced to 4 per cent
It is generally thought that the weekly re
turns of th*4 Bank of England will show au iu
crease ol £SO;GOO,
Heavy Gitloo.
Heavy gales prevailed all day yesterday aui
i last night around the British coasts. Sevt-r«
casualties to shippiug are reported, but n*.
v American vessels aie yet mentioned.
p Terrific Kxplo«icu autl I uf I.ile.
A teirilic explosion occurred iu a collier}
at Wigarn ytsteiday. Buildings in the vicinit)
were locked to and fro. The people rusbec
from their houses and a panic prBvaiied iu the
t tow n. The sound ot the ixplosiou was beam
in the country around for a distance of stveia
miles, and on account of. which, alarm was
felt. Fortunately the disaster occurred altei
r the working gangs were withdrawu, or the loss
o! life would have beeu appalling. Bix nien
were killed and po-sibly oue or two more vie
tiins will be found. The cause ol the explosion
is unknown.
FiuaBcial.
ft is estimated that £1,0(»0.000, belonging to
tbe French Government is on deposit here and
held lor payment ol the indemnity.
The monetary disturbances iu Paiis are par
tin' ly abated.
It is loported that the Bank of Frarce in
tends to double its capital, making ll 375,000,
000 francs.
Money is plenty in Germany and rapidly
drilling intoAmericau Securities.
Ge rmany will.eat ly Lext year redeem £30,
000.000, of war claims, hail of it iu January
and February.
CHINA.
Various Matters.
Shanghai?, Oct. 12 —V a Sau Francisco,—
Over three hundred lives lost at Macou during
ypliooa of Sept 2d.
MiuisterLow has returned to Pekin. The
Corean expedition seems to be given up.
folios continue in the north, twenty thousand
square miles are inundated and a thousand
peop’e drowned in Cbiang.
Consul General Seward ha3 returned from
his visit to the north.
A formidable insurrection is imminent in
Province of Hainan.
The bulk ol teas have arrived anil have been
settled. There are advances iu all grades. Siik
19 higher; the cotton crop iu Central China is
fair.
Coals activ-’, freights good for vessels to all
quarters, and mur ships have sailed for New
Yoik and four aie in berth.
J IPAW.
Various Mailers.
Yokohama, Oct. 23, via San Francisco. The
Mikado is auoeariog freely id public.
Minister De'oug is travelling expensively
through Japan.
The Cap ain ol U. S. fiigaie Colorado wa9
instantly killed by a fall while the steamer was
in ihe dry dock.
The new governor of Yokohama enteitained
the loreign consuls and made a radically pro
gressive spiech.
Steamship Alaska sails from Yokohama on
the 21 of November with a full cargo of teas.
AUSTRIA.
Trouble wliia Itob. iuia.
Vienna, Nov. 16.—The Bohemian diet still
refuses to send deputies to the lleichdath. Tbe
imperial government is discussing a prooosi
tiou to throw elections open to the people of
Bohemia eo that they may choose delegates
without the intervention ot the provinc;al
eiet.
nnn
The Pope ubout 10 Protest.
Rome, Not Hi.-It is staled that tbs Pope in
tends to add.ess a communication to the Eu
roie.to powers protesting against ceitaiu acts
of the Italian government as a violation or in
t-ruatioual law and of the rights and diguitios
ol the eounttics concerned. He will specify
among other aces, the expulsion ol news of va
rious nationalities trom their convents and a
foieiblp suppression aud closing of certain in
ternational religions houses.
Forei^u Stems.
The small pox is spreading at Santa Rosa
Chili, and has also btoken out among the
southern Buenos Ayres troops.
Archibishop Pinal and the Bishop of Guate
mala have both beeu expelled from Guatemala
tor meddling in the late revolution.
The Chicago relief fund at the Mansion
House, London, now reiches £48 350. J. S
Morgan Co have received £23,125 lor Chica
go and £1101 l*r fotest fires snfierers.
The French ministry are reported to be con
sidering the question of sending Fayre to Gt
Britain.
The Austrian ministry has issued an imperi
al decree for the election of members to the
Reichsratli by the people ol Bohemia.
It'EW IIAMImSHBE.
Damage Won. by the Slorni,
Pobtsmocth, Nov. 16 -The storm contin
ues but the tides are not so high as yesterday,
and little damage is done. Beaches and roads
at the sea-shore at Rve and Hampton are seri
ously injured. In this harbor tha U. S ship
Speedwell assis’ed the schooners W. H. Wtll
i he ton of Brookline, Rio and Nile ofif (Jlarkt’s
Inland wberp !bey bad rim aground, and as
sistoi the schooner Namshing Hurley, ol aDd
Irom Rockland for Boston, where she lay on
the roots. Her cargo of lime having got on
lire has completely destroyed the vessel.
PanusM’ .llcriiag
CoNconn, Nov. 16 —A Farmers’ Meeting, in
anaorated under the auspices of the State
Board of Agriculture, was opened this after
noon and will oont'uue two days. Hon. Moses
Humphrey, President of tbo Board, made the
welcoming speech. The afternoon and eve
ning were spent in reading agricultural essays
and discussing questions.
Man Sallied by a Train.
A man namod Sunn, residing at Plymouth,
while crossing the railnad at that place, yes
terday forenoon, was stiuck by an engine and
so seriously injured that he died this morning.
ARIZONA.
The Wirbeubai); Jlaje Murderer..
San Fbancisco, Nov. 15.—Dcspa-cbes from
Arizona mention that the Indians who butch
ered the Wiekeoburg stage passengers left
greenbacks scattered on the ground. They did
not even take the gold coin from the bodies,
which is regarded as lull confirmation of the
belief that the marauders sseie cavagis and
not white highwaymen disguised. Active pur
suit of Indians is going on.
Tha Press of the Pac tic Coast is unanimous
in the denunciation of the interference of
Vincent Oclyer in Arizona.
ETA SI.
Monitor Mallets,
Salt Lake Cut, Nov. 15 —The U. g. Dis
trict Court met today and adjourned uutil
Monday.
Elder Cannon’s paper, to-night, has a lead
ing article to show that Brigham Young has a
light to travel anywhere without question, aud
is very hitter against the press all over tbo
Uuited States on account of curiosity to know
the whereabouts of Brigham. However he is
careful not to even hint where Brigham has
gone or where he is.
ILLINOIS.
Gen. Shcrtdia Vindicated.
CnicAGO, Nov. 16 —The Evening Journal
says: From trustworthy authority the graud
jury has had the death of Col. Grosvennor un
der investigation, and alter a thorough exam
ination reached the unanimous conclusion that
there was no good ground lor »n indictment
either against youug Treat who did the shoot
ing, Mayor Mason. Gen. Sheridan or other
militaiy or civil officers under whose order* the
city was guarded at the time of the homicide.
METEORtk LOGICAL.
Syuopti. ol tV'eaihnr Report. for the nn.l
1 Wtnlf-Fonr Hours.
War Dsp't, Office Chief Signal!
Officer, Wa hint-ton, DC i
Nav. 16, (7.60 P. M.) J
Probabilities.—'The low pressnre in Mobile
Valley will probably move into Iowa with eas
terly winds inert asing to a gale by Friday
night oo Lake Michigan and by Friday morn
ilia Mil T.llfM Mil 11 ATI fat* Tl-ero er i I I I-_
ins southerly winds with threatening weather
and possibly rain from Illinois to Louisians
and westward. C oir and pleasant weather is
probable from Michigan to Alabama, and in
tlie South Atlantic States uorl hwesterly winds
back t northerly with diminishing force and
clearing uo weather in the Middle anil Eastern
States. Dangerous winds are not anticipated
on the Atlantic coast Friday. Cautionary sig
nals continue for this evening at Norf.dk, Cape
May, Baltimore, Now York a.,d Now Loudon.
At one o clock this morning cautionary signals
1 were otdered tor Boston.
TEL EI5 St A PI1I0 HE’D.
District Attorney Banker died in Troy, N.
Y., Wednesday.
Superintendent Pape telegraphs from Sante
Fe to Washington that the Apache Chief Co
chise, who was reported to have killed several
s ol Wheeler’s exploring expedition, has not
left Cacada Alamissa.
t l'bere were thirteen new new cases of chol
era Wednesday oil the hospital ship Delaware
at lower quarantine.
The Beaver Dam, Wis Post Office was
broken tDto Wednesday night and a thousand
l 1 otters opened and $20 worth of stamps taken.
Geu. S-wall, of Maine, is an applicart fot
the position of 31 Deputy Commissioner ol
Internal Revenue, w biob Col. Given resigns.
Tweed has not yet heeu indicted and Tom
Fields has uot resigned his seat in the Logisla
tuie as rumored.
A Macon (Ga.) dispatch says there was ice
f and a killing frost all through that section
Wednesday night.
a The subscriptions to the stock of the new
0 National insurance Coanpauy, of Hartford,Ct.
Wednesday reached $258,300.
One-half af the Virginia State debt atnount
ing to $25,000,000 lias been fundod.
1 An Omaha, Neb., despatch says it is repo
ed tba; Geu. Hancock is tube placed in cort
9 maud of the department of the Piatte wrn
he idquarters at that place.
I St. Louis,Not. IB.—Flour active and advanced b
Seine, Superfine Winter 3 15@ 5 50, extra 5 53 (a
e 6 35. Wheal firm; Nj. 3 lied Full ar t 42; No.;
3 llt.l Winter 1 53. Cjrn firm; Mixed 11 elevator 44
Oats active and h glier; No 2 nixed on track 33 (5
35JC. Barley quiet. Rve firm. Tobacco better;com
rnon to da-k'eat 7 5* a II 00. Pork 13 75 a) 14 III.
Bacon—shoulders 7j a, 7]e; sides he; dry salfei
1 shoulders and clear sides 5J a) Bic. Gieen bams 7c
Laid PR.
Milwaukec, Nov. If,.—Flour quiet Wheat quiet
No.2 at 1 2d cash and 1 21 seller December; No la
1 24. Dais inactive; No. t at 34c. Born dull; N'o.
Mixed at46c. Rye steady; No 1 at 03c; No 2 Sprini
v stead; at 38j. I’rovisibus qaict. Pork I2 75 se'lei
January.
Kcccipts—4050 Dlls, flour, 43.001 hush, wheat.
Shi pinouts—1,000 bhls. tt uc, 3S.OO.I bush, wheat.
Obaelkstoh, No;. 1C —Cottun steady; Middiini
uplands 17£c.
Savannab, Nov. 16.—Cotton quiet; Middling up
lands 17 (|f.
g .Mobile, Not. 10.—Cotton dull; Middling upland
if 17fc.
r mis ORTEAvrs.Noy. 10.—Cottonstreug; Middiini
uplands 18 ig Wfc,
Weather Report—^fov P0 —1*2 P.
.War Deparfmenr, Signal Service U» S. Army, Di
vit-iou oi Telegrams and Reports tor the benefit o
Commerce.
r 3
a s a
Place I g f
of S I
a
observation. ’*5 t>
<3 £1 ■a
P s
v, q to
M
Poston.29.75 EG NE M sty
Uual’lcstuli. 8.12.30 14 45 Calm Hu/. y
Cheyeuue.W.T. 79.31 '9 in l.i Snow
•leyhuml.30.19 34 IN W iomly
Bormue, Uiab../8.S5 3i N\V Cio.nly
ludMuapolls....30.26 23 NE C car
Sey >Vcet .93 NE Clear
New lOlidon ..39.75 38 N Cloudy
New Orleans....31.14 f2 .s Clear
New k'ork... 2J.89 33 NVV L! Snow
Norfolk.30 05 2G >5 Clear
”®aaa.29.73 41 SE TUrt’nz
PltUbmg.30.30 27 N\V Bail
lorli»a'1.29 81 34 N Cloudy
8an Die*.,, Cal .29 98 55 N Fair
ean Francisco. .20 18 54 N Clear
savan,,-,b.so a c»lm Clear
Washington 30.00 34 NW Clear
Wilmington-30.19 38 N Clear
Montreal, C. E 39.94 34 NJ? Cloudy
Barometer corrected lor temperature and elevation
C O JU M K K C 1AL,
Forrigu Kigiorli.
1( 0 ,u.Ll u AX' x- s ste Chase—2310 bbls. Uour,
mercbaLdiso*1’ 1J° busl1'1WJ?’ ,M dj b,a,ls' 1 Pki;a
Forcigu Imports.
N. S. Steamer Oarlot’a— 4 crates 1
V Pk ?.a t0 Hart Co.; 7 pkg* merchandise to
ia it? Ext‘re*s Go., 1 uo to J. L. Farmer, l do to
S* u* '‘tarr, and goods for Canada, New Y jrk and
isoston.
WINDSOR, NS., Scbr P. Grant— 230 tous plaster
to ordor.
BELLIVEX COVE, NS. Schr Grand Pre-27
cords wood, 200 doz egjs to Master.
Receipt* by ttailreadi and Mifamboftt*.
Steamer Franconia prom New York—110
dry bidets. 85 rolls leather, 2} bales rig?, 30 do straw
oram, y d« but laps, t*» ear wbjels, 67 lengths iron
pipe, 23 plates iron, 25 hlids. molasses, 4 do Ian ferns,
J i casks Ocbre, 12 do paint. 40 bbls. whiting, 65 do
jl.iss ware, eu do pickles, 10 do glu*, 8 do ovsters, 45
naif do syrup, 50 kegs s* run, 60 4iu white lead, 15 do
nuts and bolt*, 20 do sodi, 150 boxes tobacco, 400 do
raisins, 100 do soap, 60 uo drug*, 30 do clock?, 35 do
medicines. 40 do bardwar*, 100 bdIs paper, 10 t-teves,
o0cx*k5 bleaching powder?, 12 do s ua., 1(0 bag*
s mr, 30 Joz broom j, 3j coily rope, 5 hjiv.ss, 1 piano,
200 pkgs sundiies.
fork stieck find Mouey Hlarkfl.
^New York, Nov. 15—Morning.—Gold opened at
Money 5 per cent. Sterling Exchange 109 U9i.
bt K*ks quiet and steady. State stocks dull.
The ioilowing were the quotations lbrUuion Pa
cific securities:
Central Pacific bonds.,.,.X(2i
Union Pacific bonds.yy
Union Pacific aiock.. 242
Union Pa» itic land grants.'.78
Union Pacific income bonds.. 79j
Ibe following are the forenoon quotation* oiSouih
ern securities:
Tennessee Gs, new. Cgi
Virginm 6s, new. GJ
Missouri 0*.Y.YY. 97 i
Louisiana Gs, nerr. 55s
Alabama 53.<5
Georgia 7’s. 86
Norrb Carolina 6*s, new..,... 19
South Carolina 6s. new. gy
New York. Nov. 16—#t’en*rt<7.—Monoy wav easy
at 5^#) 6 percent.; prime discount at 8 ju 10 per
cent.
Sterling Exchange stronger at 1< 9 109*.
G »l 1 dull at l! \t: loaua 1 3 per cent.; the clear
cc9 were $27,000,000.
Government* si rung State bonds dull aud heavy.
Stocks were 4 (aj 2 per cent, lower, but closed willi
a slight recovery iroui the extreme joint, though
dull. 8
Till* Inllnwini? nrA tho r-1 C i n (T nnnlatlnn. n*
ernmeut securities:
United States coup*
United States 5-20 *M
United Stales 5-20’a
United Slate? 5-20*9
United States 5-20’s
Uuiteu states 6-2U’s, 1to7.114
United States 5-20’?, 1868.'!!..! 114*
United States 10-49a., coupon. .H'l)7.
Currency 6’s.j i.'.'liS*
Tie following are the closing quotations ol
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co.. 67^
Pacitic Mail.. 4t‘
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated!!'. 91*
N i.| Central Hudson River consolidated scrip 87 A
Erie.... w
Erio preferred. do
Harlem.....,.*].J3
Harlem preferred...! ...!!..!!*,.123
Reading.. .7. !nc*
Michigan Central.i>i*
Lake Shore Michigan Southern, ex div. 85J
Illinois Centra?.. y
Cleveland Pittsburg..!!*.*!!«!!!.'.1241
Chicago North Western.!!!! w
Chicago North Western preterred.!! 8i4
Chicago «fc Rock Island..
Milwaukee St. Paul...... 56
Pittsburg Fort Wayne.96
-jxt
SiomcAtk Marlitia.
New York, Nov. 16—Evening.—Cotton less active
and very firm; sales 2319 hales; Middling ur.la ds
J8fo. Flour steady; sales 10 300 bbls.; State 5 95
(a) 7 35; round hoop Ohio 6 80(g}7 40; Western 5 95
@7 60; Southern 6 90 35 9 25. Wheat opened a shade
nrmer and closed lieaxy, the advar.ee being lost;
sales 127,600 bush.: No. l Spring at 1 58 (Si 1 CO; No 2
do 1 53 1 55; Amber State 1 62 (a) 1 65; Wiut r
Red Western 1 60@ 1 62. Com opened a snade
llrmer and closed lower; sates 84.000 bssh.; Mixed
Western at 7«*c; old do 73 CC*c, c'osing at 7*c in
store, 70c afl »at. Oats opened firmer and c'ose'd du'l
and heavy; sales 86,000 bush, at 55* 54e*. Reef
quiet. P.>rk quiet and steady; new mess 13 00(a)
13 20. Lard heavy at 9} 10c. But'er s eady and
quiet. Whiskey firmer a; 94c. Sugar quiet and
linn; Muscovado 9*; refining 8* (g y^e. Rico
firm at 8 8*e Cottle quiet and firm; Rio 17 ft) 19c.
Molis?es—Foreign dull; New Orleans tn lair request
at 63 70e. Naval store#—Spirits Tuipcntine steady
at 67* 6ic; Ro*iu quiet and unchanged at 4 75 tor
strained. Petroleum in lair request crude 12j} (ft}
13c; refined 224c. Tallow quiet at 9 (ft} 15-16.
Freight* te C»Terf»ool active and firmer Grain
per sie.*m 7J (ft} 8d* Mixed Wheat per sail 8d.
OHfftAQO, Nov. 16.—Flour unchanged. Wheat
firm No. 1 Spring 126; No.2do121*; No. 3 and
No. 2 do seller, and No.2and No.3 Amber 1214;
sel'cr December 1 22*; do J*nu*rv 1 24*. Corn du’l
ami a shide lower; No. 2 Mixed'45c; selected 43*;
seller November 414'-; do all the year at 43* 44Ac,
closing at the msiJe prhe Rye advanced; No. 2 at
634(5) 64j. Oats lower; No. 2 at 31*(ft;32c; feller
December 3U 32c;do January 32*o. Barev actixe
and higher; No. 2 Fall atC8*fe59o No. 3‘Spring
at 49 (g file: rejected do 40c. Poik steady at 12 70 (ft)
12 80; seller December 12 70 (fi? 12 75; seller January
12 78 13 00; seder February 13 00 (c^ 13 12; s 'ler
March 13 37(ft} 13 50. Lard firm at 8Jc; seller Janu
r ry and February 83 9*; da March 9c. Bulk mea»a
firm; green bams heavy at 6 7c; medium to liaht
7* @7 *c shoulders 3J e'ear lib sides 5*@6c;
meat? 1:1 sa>I—shoulders 4* 4$c; short, iib n.id
cl’ir gs 4* (t£ G*c; short clear middles Gi Gjo. Whis
key 57c. Live Hogs firm at 4 00 4 25.
Receipts—5000 bbls. flour, 36,000 bush, wheat, 117
000 bush, corn, 2.1.00 bush, oafs, 65,0c0 bush, barley.
7,000 bush, rye, 22,000.
Sbipmenfs-SOCO bldg, flour, 1,000 bu?b. wheat. 71,
?SJnbilSh' COru’ "9>C001,U^- Ha.r ley, 9,000 bush, rye,
tivtiu nogs.
F«relgu Siarketa.
London, Nov. 1G—11.30 A. M.—The rale of dis
count cl the Bank of England is reduced to 4 p»r
cem. It iv generally that the weekly returns ot the
Bark of England will shoxv an increase of £800,000,
London, Nov. 16—11.39 A. M.—Cou3oli> 934 lor
money and account.
American securities IT. S 5-20’s 1862, 91*; do
1865, old, 9S; do 1867, 944; do 10-4t’s 904.
Frankfort, Nov. 16.—United States 5-2C*s, 1862
97*.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 1G— 10 30 h. M.—Cotton firm;
Middling uplands 9*d; do Orleans 9*; sales 12.9C0
bales.
London, Nov. 16.—1.30 P. M.—Consols closel at
934 tor mouey and account.
Liverpool. Nov. 16—1.30 P. M.—Cotton closed
firm fia’es 15.000 bales.
London, Nov. 16—5.30 P. M —Consols at 93* lor
money and accouiu.
American securities firmer—IT. S. 5-20s, 1862, 914;
do 1*G5, old, 92; do 1867, 924; U. S. 10-40s GO*.
^London, Nov. 1G-5 30 l*. M.-Tullow 49s 49s
London, Nov. 1G—5.30 P, M.—The amount ol
specie iu 1 lie Hank of Engi&nd has increased £317,000
since last week.
Boston Block Lift.
Sa'es at the Brokers’ Board, Nov. 15.
Union Pacific It R sixes... 871
Boston and Maine Railroad. 140}
Eastern Railroad... 1 >J
Michigan Cental Railroad. 122
Union Pacitic Land Grant, Sevens..... 78
b«jsiwe*s NOTICE*.
Best stock of Boy’s Clothing in tlio city is
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middlo street. Corns
early and avoid the rush Saturday evening.
Gent’s Under-flannels, in great variety of
styles and prices.
George VV. Kich Co., 173 Fore St.
We invito all who wish to buy good clothing
Well made up, to call on George W. Rich
Co., store 173 Fore street.
_novl0 lwFM&W
Jon Printing.—Send your orders for Job
Printing to tile Daily Press Printing House
where they will be promptly attended to at tlie
owest possible rates. Wm. M. Marks.
Portland, Nov. 1G, 1871.
Every comrade is requested to be at the
meeting promptly at bail-past seven, this Fri
day evening. Business of great importance to
all will come before the Post.
By Command of
novl7 It W. H. Green, P. C.
Watch No 21033 Stem Winder—Manufac
tured by United Stalc9 Watch Co., [Giles,
Wales Co.,] Marion, N. J has been carried
by me four months: its total variations frein
meau time being seven seconds per mouth.—
8. M. Beard, firm of Beards and Cummings,
128 Front St., N. Y. novlG f&w
Ringing School.—W. L. Fitch’s adult sing
ing school at Mechanics’ Hall is just half
through. Those who wish to avail themselves
of a good opportunity to practice in leading
music will do well to attend the remainder ol
the term. Tickets half price. Lessons on
Wednesday and Friday evenings.
Amid the storm of yesterday a beautiful Bight
c uld be witnessed all day in the splendid dis
play of rich goods in Nelson Co.’s show
1 windows, Morton Block. This new firm are
making a decided impression upon the minds
of the ladies by their artistic taste in the selec
tion and display ol goods They have without
a doubt the finest assortment in the city.
Four Evils —Whoever habitually uses any
alcoholic preparations as an “appetizer” will
be as likely to suffer from four evils, viz.: an
overplus of food iu ibe stomach, impaired abil
ity to digest it, the pangs of dyspepsia, and a
doctor’s bill. Dr. Walker’s Vegetable Vinegar
Hillers, the great T etotal Restorative ol the
age, without ever stimulating the palate or ir
ritating the stomach, imparts a healthful appe
tite, promotes digestion, regulates the liver and
1 bowels, purifies the btood, aud thus, instead ol
entailing four evils confers four inestimable
benefits. uuvlld-l w
The Novelty Store will open Thursday, at
307 Congress St., near Brown St., and will jell
for six days only, a fine selection of Foreign
and American Ofcromos, elegantly framed.
Also fine Gold, Silver and Metal Watches'
Fancy Goods, Silver Were, &e., ou an entiieiy
new and novel plan, for One Dollar each.
Don’t fail to call and examine our stock. Af
ter having sold in all New England States, we
feel sure of pleasing all. no ill tf
Briggs’ Pile Remedies are a success.
Briggs’Allavantor cures Caisrrb.
Try Briggs’ Threat and Luug Healer.
Get lliiggs’ Corn and Bunion Remedies
Stems.
The Solicitor of Hie Treasury advertises the
residence ol the defaulting Paymaster Hodge!
for srle at auction on the 15th ol February, lor
the benefit ol the Gcvernnrent.
Wheii she was interrogated as to win tlier
she ha 1 brought a maudamus to compel the
reccpiion ol her vote, Teunie Clslhu is said to
have replied “Ho;” but no tnau-d—nns shall
Prevent our voting.” Oh, Tonnie! [Boston
Post.
An exchange says: “The fearful mortality
which has raged for the last fifty or six.y years
among the servants of George Washington and
Andrew Jackson has at length attacked the
nurses of our later Moses— Andy Johnson. It
is predicted that iu another hundred years
there will not he a half dozen ot them lelt.”
The paths of glory which lead but to the
grave-al opath aud homeopath.—[Lowell Cour
ler.
A Hartford lady screamed when she found
she was trying to oat a mouse by mistake fur a
doughnut.
The emigration of French Canadians to the
United States this year, according the Que
bec Mercury, has been double what it was last
year.
Congressmen are gathering from near and
from far; the trumpet is sounding congression
al war; the lobby is assembling so hungry and
stroug, and all the correspondents are march
ing along.—[Lowell Courier.
There is some excitement at St. John, N. Ti.,
because ol attempts to enforce a new law
against lienor-selling on the Sabbath. Several
arrests have been made.
The Port'and Argus tried to call a ftiend “a
noble old burglier, proudly Ipviug bis native
S'ate;” which reat little complimant came
from the compositor’s hands leadiDg, “a nobby
old burglar, prowling around in a naked state.”
A very good thing only it isn’t true.
Victor Hcgo and Garibaldi salute the
“second birth” of the Red llepnblican Rappel
in the turgid style which these emiuent per
souagei seem to consider ns a sort of literarv
drcissuit—to be worn wbeu tho eyes of the
world aie supposed to bo upon them. Not to
be bellied its correspondent?, thj Rappel in
dulges in flights like this:
“O wretched old man of Chlselhnrst, he
hopeful! See that your hoy is well tended;buy
a dress for your wile; teach your eagle lo pre
sent its claw; get re..d*! lithe Assembly is
not dissolved you have a chance. You may
hope to return again, you may hope to see
again tho Paris that you massacred and the
France you have dishonored. Get ready, lor
the Legitimists are preparing your chamber and
tho Orleaniats are warming your bed.”
Considering that this is signed by an ex
editor of the once rabidly Booapariist Figaro,
says the New York Times,"it will be seen that
journalistic elasticity is not the exclusive
property of tbe New Y'ork World.”
Worcester is vast’y exercised over a scan
dalous elopement which has come to light there
within the last lew days. The parties, who
have lett the city, are Mr. E. A. Babcock and
Mrs. M. A. Willard, the tenor and soprano of
the choir ol the Trinity M. E. church, both
well known and respectably connected. Mr.
Babcock is junior partner in the firm of J.
Todd Co., an! resided with bis wife on
Charlton street; Mrs Willard is wifeot Mr. S.
A. Willard, and resided with him on Portland
street. They have one child, a girl fourteen
years ol age. Mrs. Willard was also a dress
maker, and has enjoyed the patronage of quite
a circle ef customers. Mr. Babcock has been
engaged for the most part in travelling for the
tiro, and departed on tbe 6th inst. on his New
Hampshire route. Mr?. Willard left Worcester
on Thursday, ostensibly to visit friends iu
Lsomister. In reality, however, she went to
Concord, and there met Babcock at a hotel,
and they left on the night train for Montreal.
The affair lias produced a great sensation, as
nothing of the sort has been suspected, and
both the guilty persons had liorne an excellent
reputation. Much sympathy is expressed for
Mrs. Babcock, who is iu feeble health.
Senator Nye’s Last —Scene in a far Wes
tern State. A village composed mostly of rude
rniniDg huts called “bouses, cottages, taverns,”
etc., though really they were but “shanties.”
An old man sick on liis ted. A friend, Gov
ernor .T. y\r. Nye, sr eing that his end was close
at liami, showed him many hind attentions
and endeavored to ease his suffering in every
possible way. One day, when it was quite evi
dent that the poor patient could last only a few
hours, tbs Governor said to him: “Davis, it is
undoubtedly bert that you should know the
ti utli ;you are a very sick man, and will iu all
probability live but a short time. Are your
affair? iu ibe condition you fwoold like to iiave
them? I should be glad to do anything lor
you. you know.
“Yes; they’re a>l right.’’
“Well, would you like mo to write to any ol
yourfolks East?"
“No, not now—after it is orer.”
“Would you like me to call in a minister?”
The sik man, by a great effort of will over a
weak and shattered body,drew himself up iu
bed, so as lo be in a sitting posture, and stern
ly, most soberly, and earnestly, said: 'Wbv.
Gov. what should 1 want a minister for?” I
never voted the Democratic ticket in my life!”
A Washington dispatch says that the civil
service commission expects to close its labors,
for the present at least, within the next (ort
nigbt. Mr. Curtis, whose lecture 1 season was
to have begun at Jamaica Plains last night,has
postponed all his engagements uutil December
1st. Tbe President is understood to be very
much iu earoest for a prompt and competent
completion of the prrjrcted scheme, and there
is little doubt that the attompt will be made to
realize practical results as soon as possible.
OXYGEN AIR.
371 Congress Street,
Established for Jtbe cure ot
CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,
CONS UMP TI O N,
DYSPEPSIA, SCROFULA,
Aud all diseases arisiug from impure blood.
Treated by Btreaihins “OXVGKIK AIK,*
.Medicated Inhalations
in connection with other remedies. The public are
invited to call and investigate
FREE OP CHARGE
WLetters ot inqu.ry promptly answered and treat
ment scut it desired. Address,
Or. J. P. BROWER,
371 Congresa Street, Portland. Me’
Drs. E. Clark, J. M. Cummings and C. IT. Bari
give permission to refer to them. Physiciaus s
plied with Oxygen or Oxygenated Water.
jnn21 t,t,s dim au31w2mo
Gorham’s Sale
OF-“
ELEGANT
Piano^ Fortes,
Mo. 3 Free SGRSock.
Eleventh day cl the Exhibition.
Last dav but one—
November H. dfifc
Great Reduction
In prices ot clensiug and repairing clothing, lowei
hau ever. L shall cleanse
Coats tor $1.00
Punts tor 75aud50cts.
Vest for 37
Lillies’ garments cleansed cheap, and wifh my usual
pror-u tuess. Second-hand< lotumg for sale at lair
lice?. li Federal Street,
un& WILLIAM BROWN.
Drug Store for Sale
-IN
South Boston. Price $3,000.
For particulars address
M. M, J8TANLY,
SO Broadway, South Ilo&tou, Mbm.
liovl nl3t
TO IjET
Store No 142 144 Commercial st.
('lOHNKIl ot Widgery's Wharf, particular!
J adnpiud to the Flour and Grain business, bsrg
capacity. having a frontage o« 3C font, and depth 15
leef, accessible i»y water or rail, li'ed up 'villi every
modern convenience.
i Apply to H. N. JOSH, 194 Fore st.
JNov 4 is tt
il'o. 165 Middle Street,
OT.&A. P. DARLING
Have received from New York
Silk Vrlwh and Satins, in all colors; Tlirod
un«l Malta l.nce*, Drrws and ••nvli lluttoui
and Ornaments, NtarBnibroidcry timid*.
Primes, in all colors.
oetll Iwd then 3weod
Board for Horses.
GOOD Hoard Iron. $2 50 te $5 00 per weelr. Satis
faction warranted. N. A. CHUIO H.
Naplee, Nov 14. _ '"15a-'v
I'or Sale.
TT'kukotvpk rooms No. 2*34 Cwnsr?2t'
r Portland, Me A «a°.U»r«ln It v^thhi
flUteeu days. soplOlt S.TiHAMfllifiU.
ENTERTAINMENTS.
As§cuiR»ly
The G. tV. T. S.,
Will give their third Assembly at
Lancaster hall,
Friday Fve’g, November 17,
r.... Under the inwaguuent ol
Can.EDWAuoHortOKlNS.
UE,J- SOiTBR, J. T. SEAVER
Masio by Wabb’, Full Quadrille Bind
_ 1 at 8 o clock. uovUtd
FLUEJVT lirfjLj;
-1HIS
Friday Evening, November 17,
IPfi*®f. Stf©iae
IX HIS
Astonishing and Amusing
EXPERIMENTS
Cpon persons who m iy volunteer trom among the
audience. Previous to the Experiments
Phrenological Examinations
Will be made upon persons selected by the audience
lorming a scientific and Instructive ebtertninmecX,
which has attracted crowded and intelligent audl
enoe« in all the principal towns and cities iu Europe
and America.
Doors open at 7 o’elock. Commence at 8.
Admission 35 cents. Reserved Seats 50 cents.
Tickets tuay be hud at Hanes Cragiu’s Music
Store, 77 Middle street, at Sto k bridge’s Music store,
15(> Exchange st, and ul the door. nol4dtf
ASS EMU L,Y.
9IR. A. B. CEE
would announce 111* leoonj asscinb'y In concretion
wuli bis class in Dauciuc,
TOouduy linninv, November 30th.
at hi, Acadtmy, c-uns. 01 Brown and Con,res* sts.
Music by Cliandler's Baud
Mr. (lee will commence lus first school lor lnstruc
1011 ill D mi mg 'or ovemng scholars oa W,slots lay
evening. Nov. 22d, and eoatuiuo every Wednesday.
Eor particulars apply at the Hall. novisu
Fair and Entertainment.
The members ot the
Indi St.Universalist Society
WILL nOLD A
FAIR AND ENTERTAINMENTS
IN THEIK NEW CHUKCH
On Tuesday, 21st in»t.,
And continue through the week, iu the aitcrnoou
and eveuing.
On e?ri‘h eveuing there will be a pleasing Enter
tainment. varying from each one that preceded.
The FAIR will embrace a variety 01 luncy and
useful articles, aud tlie eveuing entertainments will
be ci the iu.>*i agreeable character.
AdmiiMiou Evening* 25 cents, or five for one
dollar; Afternoons 10 cents; to be nad at 8. II.
Colwsayprtby’s. 92 Exchange street, Ch Arles Custis
Co.’s, ?9.5 Congress street, T. Knght, tor. M to die
and I odia street, ffesscudeu’s Periodical Depot and
at the door. n ,vlG
iteitaoie insurance:
The PSiffiiaix
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
[CONNKCTICCr,
“Rises from the Ashes’* of the Chicago Fire w ith a
clean surplus of over
One Mission Dollars,
And is now, as heretofore, one of the strongest com
panies doing business in Maine.
Ca»h Aiselt Oct. 1st 91,750,000
Lease* at Chicago about 700.000
Capital and 9nrpl*, 1,4)50,000
It will (bus he seen that tLis old company affords
as ample security to i*s Policy holders as any other
Company iu the country.
Policies Issued as beretotoie on the most favorable
terms. All losses prompt'y adjusted and paid by
W. n. LITTLE «C CO., Agents,
OlBcc 49 1-*J JSxchauge Ml.
Oct 30isd«&w3w
BONDS.
Portland Mu nicipal, O’s
Portland lid U. It. O s
Slate ot Maine O’s
St. Louis O’S
Hock land Aid H. R. O’s
European N. A. U. R. Gold O’s
Portland St Usd. R. K. Gold O's
Portland Rochester It. K. 7’s
Chicago 7’s
Toledo 8’s
FOB 8ALB BT
SWAN HARRIETT,
Bankers <C Brokers,
fOO ZH addle eticct.
_ oe?3 SN MW&F
1REES,
PL»1JYTS,
FLOWERS.
Facilities largely increased, and] ces reduced to
the lowest point.
Many most desirable novelties recently selected in
Europe.
In variety ol Fruit and Ornamental Trees, Green
House Plants, and Floweir, ilie slock is unequalled.
Catalogues to applicants, and special prices io large
purchasers.
W. t'. STRONG CO.,
IVoninlam Hill Wartcriei, Brighfoa.
Malmroora Nn.4 Beacon Ml., Boston.
uovl? 3w
Richardson's New Method
For the PlANO-FOrtTE.
This well-proved Method has been 12 years before
the public. Caremlly prepared, and highly re <>iu
lucnded at the intact, it his steadily increased in
public favor, until, some year since, it. Utrly rca< lied
the highest position, and seems likely to retain it
for a long time.
Annual Male.35,009 Copim.
Commencing to tike less ms, now a-day, and
pureins ng a “li chaidson” are very apt to be co
temporaneous events.
Price $3 75. Sent, post-paid, tor the retail prfee
OLIVRIt TstON Sc CO., Boston.
V VI. DITMO.V A CO., New Work.
no!4 tc

DO YOU FEEL WEAK AND LANGUID IN
CONSEQUENCE OF OVER EXERTION?
Have you taken cold Arc you afflicted with
Rheumatism, or pains ot any kind try one of
Wells' Machine -spread Strengthening Plasters.
They will certainly cure.
They are composed of choice emollient gums,
spread on the finest kid, of three different sizes,
and are worn with rase and comfort. 8old by
Druggists, price 15,30 and SO cents each.
F. C. WELL9 CO.,
198 Fulton Street, N. Y.
o
IF YOU WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
SO TO
Palmer's 132 Middle Street
Where you cin g t a wide or narrow, full or aliir
Boot, just the width and length that will be etey *tn
graceful, and tnjoy the rare luxury ot wearing a per
fect fitting boot. ?ep2Gtt
SEEDS $EEE>!
AA/AA KUSH ELS Now Tlmolhy Feed; rilso
M V/ V/ V/ VUTCl UUU IKU XVJ» IU1 uj
KENDALL <t WHITNEY.
Portland, Sept 2, I8T'.fei-2«1tI la
f>B*. 8. S. Fitch
tends hin“FA!»IIfcY PKYMICIAN,” 90 page*,
sice l»y mail to any one This book ig to make any
one their own doctor Rcmuliea are given for Thirty
Di.«e<tseR, which each person can proraro.
Sen l your direction to Dr. 8. 8. FITCH SON
Broadway, New York. wl8 1y
OFFICES TO EET.
TWO FRONT OFFICES, second story, overstorei
No 158 and 138Commercial stieet; fitted up will
all lste improvements.
Apply to H. N. JOSE,
Nov4-d&w2 194 Forest.
For Sale Cheap,
Sclir E-ho; 45 tons, old measurement,
atid will be sold lor $108
Lancs v ilTc Mass.
w45 *3ni
Winter Hoard for Horses.
At the stable in Drering, formerly cnl'ed the
•Tore*. City Park SUI le,” box stalls good
keenin' aid plenty Ol TOOIO lor out d00r ex.l CSC 8.
Ad be"*’ CBAS. E. MARWICK. Portland,
in 9d2w__
To be Let.
THE three storied Bilck Slorc '.’04 Fore street, font
of Pinro. in rood condition, with hoisting ap
nem'ns Ircrn sub cellar to the third stoiy.
Apply to ,1. K. BRAZIER, 47 Brackett st.,
or at N. Goold, Merchant 'l»'br, 137 Middle street.
nolOdtwts
Picked up Adrift.
A LOT of Haokmetack Knees, neat the Kerosens
Works. The owner ran Imre them by calling
at the office ot the Cumberland Bone Comp mv and
paying charges. sole 3t*.
AbCTlOn SAhrtH
Furniture, Carpetal #c~
BY AUCTION,
ON SATYBDAY, KorcniiMr tSlb
AT 10 A M., at salesroom, 18 Exchange street r
shad sell Brussels, Tapestry ami Wool Carpet*,
new and second hand, Chmbor Hof, Mahogany *,i 7
I-ounjps. Mrrrois, Mahoijslny Cent** Table, cbeii«,
one Melophme, Chromosaud Oil PalBt*mg8, Featb r
Pel*. M it reuses, Cook, Parlor awl Ofllee Mtove.,
Crockery and Glass Ware, Bedding, Ac.
P. O. BA I LEY A CO Auctioneers. no!6td
New House on Leased Land at
Auction.
ON TUESDAY NEXT, Not. flit, ai 12 M
shall sell the New 11 „use on Lot 18 Aide.
Strret.
Said bouse contains 4 flushed rooms, wifh lsrge,
unlini he l chambers, cl >sols, Ac. The building tl
sold to be removed prior to January 28, 1872.
E#T~Tei m-j at sale.
nov 13 dlw* F. O. BAJLEY A Co., Jutfrs.
Administrator’s Sale I
BY virtue ol u license irom the Hon. John A. W»
term tn, Judge of Probate, within and tor tb*
bounty oi Cumberland, I shall sell at public auction
at halesroom ol F o. Badev A Go.. 18 Exehangr
si reef, Portland, on 1 hursJay, Nov. ?3d, at 12 e*e!ocfc
5 »*lM5property, vis:
|-lh Shoouer Eva May,
J HannU Westbrook,
R William Aithur,
V S C°l *ddv,
Citizen,
}6 _ Hattie Boss
1-12 Brig Frontier.
W. u SijULE, Administrator.
_* Q. BAILEY a CO.. Auot’rs.
I*. K. HUNT*
Oommiisioa Merchant end Auctioneer
\TO. 316 Congress at., will sell every evening
L> largo asaurtment ot Staple and Fancy Uoo.li.
Goods will he sold during the ifay in lota to tali,
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on a.
descriptions of eoodi. Ccuaigamenta lot limited.
February 11, 1858. dtl
NOTICE
THE snhsc.ibers have formed a 0.'-partnership
undtr the style of
Curtis Davis,
f*»r the purpose ot carrying on the
Wholesale Fish,
Gtncinl Commission and fcliip
Brokerage Business,
and have taken Store
jVo. 152 Commercial Street.
(recently oceupicd by Messrs. BURGIN A CO..)
where we oft**r *or sa>e. a 50nerd assortment of tlsh
ol all kinds, in I >ts to suit, at lowest possible r» w
We respe ttully solicit consignments of Verse's,
Fi>h and Mer handnse, with th« assurance that oer
best, endeavors shall not be wanting for the inter
est ot tho^e who m ly lavor u* with their orders u>
•eH or buy.
November 10. 1871.
CURTIS DAVIS.
R. S. Curtis, late ol Curtis A Kuigtt, Phila.
N. O. Davis, late oi R.au A Davis, Portland, Me.
noil 2w
FO SI Sri!,F l
An Iron Propeder Ferry-boat.
Dlmeesi >ns, length, 220 feet, beam 40
Ivet. I read*h over guaids 0) It.; depth
14 test; draught ot water laden 11 t*et.
Suitable lor Lake or River navigation, and the car
rying ol Railroad Cars and Teams.
The Ironwork is marked and lying In store at
I Portland.
Apply lo PERCY L. ISAAC,
At the Falmouth Hotel,
Or to GEO H. STARR.
British Consulate, Portland, Maine.
November 4ih, 1871. is d2w
i\-o-t-i-c-e r-u-e-s-«
F-A-C-T-S!
—TH IT AT—
RURAIVS
Clolliing House,
Can be found any atlfele in Ilia way of Weiring Ap
paial for Men and Hoys and at prices that
Will apeak for Themselves.
We have a well assorted stock, nor Goods are first
class iu every respect aud we aim to please in prl< e<
material aod make. Who can’t afford to drtss well
with Clothing at. these pitces,
QvereoRtu 9S
Qvereoati
QrtrcottH 30
$10 j ^uiineu Mult,
to l^uiinsM Hails
95 Nails
|^cefrr« |N.
J^Jeefera to
Ucrm lb
IS ^Nsslaifs
to |^rcM fiaiu
30 j,remO.il.
JJoy*’ Muits $5
|_loy.’Mail* to
JJOJS’ Units 90
$5 J^oy«» Orereont.
to j^oy»» Overcoat*
IS J^oys’ Overcoat.
J tn.if. nud Vesta $5Jo 19
pauu, $9 50 to S
ndcraoots $4 to IS
Veals $i to $5
And an endtesx va*r!ety of Underwear, Cardigans,
Hiul Furnishing Goods, at the same low prices.
No, 170, opposite foot or Exchange
street.
Nov 9-d2wis
Keep out the Cold,
A jve wITrtiole.
Miller’s Patent Rubber Moulding;
VOR DOORS AND WINDOW..
No Wood about it
Composed entirely of Rubier l
Will effectually exclude
Mu, Snow, Gold, Dust.
Exceedingly compact, a hundred feet being cou
Iained iu a t*ox seven Inches by eleven inches, ami
ho simple in its construction that it cau he applied
by any oue.
Price Mix Dollars per Box of lOO feet*
Sent by express prepaid on receipt of price, when
ordered iu lull boxes.
Burdltt Williams,
SOLE MANUFACTURERS AND
IaKIut. a n»t..
ware,
20 nocV«$N.ABE’ 20
P. S. Ample ilhcouut to the Hardware trade.
no'Jdtw
BOA 111* FUN.
A Rare Opportunity.
A FEW goo! Gentlemen Hoarders can be accom
modated with first-* lass braid. Te.ins $5 to $6
per week, atvordiug to roomj. Address “Box £36,
Portland P. O.”
novlSeodSw
Anna F. Cnrtis,
TEAUHERof ihe PIANO FORTF
29 SPRING STREET.
^^Satisfactory rererente given when required.
oc7 eod 3m
Army and Navy Union Hall,
(Late Brown*. Hall,)
WILL be let lor Lecture., Concert., Levee., an J
private parlies, on liberal lerro*. Two draw
ing room., water clueete, dtc., connected with the
Hall. Apply to
GKO. K. DAVIS A CO.,
oc2!neweo'Ht At the Hall.
Wanted. r~.
BY- a young man well recommended and acquaint
ed wi'h car.iage making, a situation Is not p*r
ticu'ar about iLekir.dot w< rk so long as it ta hon
orable and artorus lair pay. Inquire at
THOMPSON S KULLftVPS,
no14sN3i* 97 Federal street.
Sheriffs Sal*.
Cumberland, s»:
TAR LN on execution ami will be sold at Puhl'e
auction, on Smuu'ey. mo second .lav ol Do
eemhei A I) l*Ti, at three o’cloek in the aiternoou
"jjVkwJh, in Brunswick, la Mid
thtnatv affiheri»b* in K«)uity, which Charle. I..
Thompson, ol Brunswick, in the County or Dumber
i,»ri oo iho twenty-eight day ol July, A. D.,
gfi ‘at two o’clock and Arty minutes iu the arter
m>on, when the same w»s attached on tbs original
writ, »o rrd*wn tlie following described Real Ro
tate, situated in Brunswsk. in said County. t» wit;
a certain iot«f land in Brun*wick, aforeaaid. with
the buildings thereon, known an the Homestead
Fuitn ot the lats James Dunning, beirg the sams
remises conveyed to Charles L.Thompson by James
H Dunning, by Is!* Deed of warranty, dated Marsh
26,13>2. and recorded in the Cumberland Reg stry ot
D eds, Vol. 316. Pag* 329. Also by Namuel Cuo
nmj, by his Dee 1 ot Quitcla'm, excepting that part
ssi.i Blake bv Thompson, and a part called t‘<e Judy
Chose lot, told to John L. Swlit, the rest ot the farm
being about one hundred acre*
Also ore other lot of land with the buildings there
on, situated in said BronsXi.'k, on the south side of
Noble st»o-t, and occupied by Ihe said Charles L.
Thompson, being the earn* conveyed by Waltsteli
W. Douglass, by his Deed e/ warranty, dated Novem
ber 8,1864, and recorded in ihe Cumberland K»*jr»
ty ot Deeds, Vol. 3529, Page *GC. The above J*9*}**
being subject to a mortgage recorded! in tbo guui
berUnd Registry ot Deeds. Book 379,.al*Bnin*wleh
by Iho saiil Cbe.le. L Tbon.1*** te -be
S»vinga.In-itution <osecure iho p £,r b
Issory note 'or ibreeltbunsi*^ ,;,«.t, at eight
W, t*7l pnvable in one jcsr-Pb mi wh)^,h,relj
SSrTK tSfSA 1 bree Tbo....nd IKnlsrs. wife
o*;;r Tw.^mau*. D***y Sheriff.