PORRIGN MISOELLANY.
BRITISH 10FIUS.
RELIEF FOR THE CHICAGO SUFFERERS—RESOLU
TIONS OF THE LONDON COURT OF COMMON
COUNCIL SUBSCRIPTIONS BY AMERICANS
IRREGULARITY OF MAIL COMMUNICATIONS
WITH AMERICA.
{FROM THR REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.]
Loxpox, Oct. 14.—Yesterday’s meetiaR of the
Court of Common Council of the City of London, spe
cially called 1n reference to the Chicago fire, was largely
attended. Tuo Lord Mayor took the chair. The meeting,
he sald, had been convened at shorter notice than usual,
for this Wash case where, it ever, it might be said that
he who gives quickly gives twice, Mr. J. T. Bedford:
after describing the City of Chicago as it was, and re
citing the history of the calamity, offered a resolution
that this Court has heard with feelings of profound re
grot of the terrible disaster that bas befallen the people
of Chicago: that, being deslrous of testifying as early as
possible its decp sympathy with the people of America
on the occasion of what truly may be called a national
calamity, hereby subscribes the sum of 1,000
guineas 15,000], and directs that it may be forwarded
immediately and applied to the rclief of the most urgent
cases of distress.” The resolution was cried by acola
mation. The subscription previously set on foot by the
Lord Mayor amounted, yesterday, to about $35,000. The
mest fmportant countribuilous were Messrs. Buring
Brothers, Rothechill Sons, J. 8. Morgan Co., Brown,
Shipley Co., the Great Western Railway of Canada,
through the Lord Mayor as President, tho Grand Trunk
Railway, through its President, Mr. R. Potter, Meesrs.
Frederick Huth Co., McCalmout Bros. Co., Morton,
Rose Co., aud the Imperial Fire Office, each $5,000;
Messrs. Bisehoffscheim and Goldschioldt, $2,500; Messrs,
Smith, Pgvne Co., Glyn, Mills Co.,J. R. Morley,
each $1,200; the Fishmougers' Company, $1,300; Gilead
A. Smith Co., $500; and Mr. Reuter $250. The subscrip
tions of smaller amounts are numerous.
The unsolicited efforts of the English have been so gen
eral and their gifts so liberal that we surely might have
been spared the appeals made by some Americans for
contributions of money. No euch appeals were needed.
A Mr. J. Morton Miller, signing himself member of the
Chicago Board of Trade, wrote a begging letter to The
Times, inspired, no doubt, by warm feelings, but undig
nified to the last degree, and wholly uncalled for. We
are told in the same paper this morning that the Vice
President of the New-York Chamber of Commerce—I do
not know who he is-—-telegraphed to the Chambers of
Commerce all over England, “warmly commending to
the generous sympathy of the commercial centers of
Great Britain and Ireland the suffering multitudes in
Chicago, who have been rendered utterly destitute by
the conflagration in that city.” 1 wish it were possible
to contradict that statement, for I cannot conceive what
is to be gained by such appeals, and I know whut is lost.
English benevolence needed no spur. As Gen. Schenck re
marked in his speech at the American meeting on Thurs
day, everybody was free to give, and the hearty thanks
of Americans are duo to the English who have given.
We all joined heartily In the resolution, which expressed
our appreciation of what Lad been sald and done in this
country. But between that and asking for help there 13
a difference which I am sorry to sce anybody forgetting.
The committee appointed at our meeting will make no
such mistake. It was distinctly understood that, being
an American Committee, it would solicit only American
corvtributions, and oue of its leading members sald that
he would have nothing to do with it on any other terms.
The first circular is issued to-day, and loyally adheres to
this understanding, its lauguage being: “The Commit
tee of Americans resident in London, appointed for the
relief of distress caused by the late calamitous fire in
Chicago, would respectfully notify Americans that they
are now ready to receive contributions for immediate
dispatoh to the place of disaster.” That is all, and
nothing could be better. Mr. Clews has been chosen
Treasurer, and Mr. Heory T. Parker, Honorary Secretary.
I annex to this letter a list of the American subscrip
tion at the Thursday meeting. It amounts to over
$385,000. Additions are to be made, and rome of the large
contributions are not included in this list. Of the six
Awerican banking houses in London, five gave 85,000
each. Mcasrs. Barings, Morgan, Jay Cooke, McCulloch
Co., Morton, Rose Co., and Clews, Iabicht Co.
The sixth, Messrs. Bowles Bros. Co., gave $1,000. Some
of them seem to have, in fact, subscribed twice over,
Mr. Morgan's name, and I think Mr. Clews's, appearing
on two liets, and each time for $5,000.
Would it be too much to ask that the Postmaster of
New-York should exercise a certain discretion as to the
vessels by which he forwards the Thursday's nails?
There 18 no contract, 80 far as I know, compelling the
employment of any particular steamship or line of steam
ships on that day. If not, I wish to suggest to him that
the City of Limerick of the Inwun line is a good vessel to
strike out of his list. The mails of Thursday, Sept. 28,
were put on board this craft, aud they have been de
livered in London to-day, 16 days after leaving New
York. Those brought by the City of Brooklyn, of the
same line, leaving New-York Sept. 80, two days later
than the City of Limerick, were delivered—and very late
they were—yesterday. Tose brought by the Cimbria of
the Hamburg line, leaving New-York Tuesday, Oct. 8,
reached London to-day, were distributed about three
bours later than those of the Inman ship which left New
York fivo days before. The whole mall question needs
looking into, but meanwhile we surely might be spared
such mistakes as are implied in putting even one day's
mail on board a sbip that takes 16 duys to cross the
Atlantic.
Mr. J. E. Hilary-Skinner sailed this week for Amerfea,
to fulfill his engagements to lecture on the late war. I
know of few men who had so good opportunities to sce
its great events close at hand, and of noone who could
paint a livelier picture of them. Mr. 8kinner was one of
the special correspondents of The Daily News. I lieard
bim give a pave reading some months ago, and though
it was at a time when we were all tired of the war, Mr.
Skinner's hour was filled with personal recollections so
fresh, and with comments fo keen and instructive that
we were all charmed with his lecture, He cannot but be
a card for the American Lycenmns. G. W, 8.
LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS BY THE AMERICAN RESI
DENTS IN LONDON,
The following is a list of toe subscriptions
10€ 10HOWINZ 18 a 1i5u OL LHe sUbDSCripuions
at the meeting of Americans in Londou, at Langham
Hotel, Oct. 12, 1871, for the relief of the sufferers by the
Ara in ('hicavo
PRS 4E Sr TNIS-YEhY 4
J. 8, Moresu..... for reser 8500 Robt Wallon..ooeu caus vane $250
TP 105 J
20
M. Power.
Jobin D. Perry (Bt. Louis)...
Gen. J. G. Barnard.........
Thaddeus Hyatt. .....co0nes
H. BUM orareuruns
Col. J. M. Sanderson.......
BM. Griuvell....;ecevrens
Suds Steves. oces reves “ee
Wm. R. Do 4s hasten rans “ee
3 Bouthert Jupikizer.
B. B. ah ew: Orleans).
Wao. acti TTI III
Narlor, Beason Co.....
Robert J. Turnbull........
Vincent L. Bradford........
Boores Keyes earns
Haseltine. Lake Co.......
L. Beligman...... ssseenises
uy
Beary EK. Pellew..
MM. D. Couway...... “hire
Jobu 8. Walsh. “ears
Dr. W. R. Ballard. sees
aen. Bareeldo...
TAM creerirrecinnse $34,083
5
1,00 T, B. [1.740] VP oe 20
Alex. Wood.....oouuuse.... 5
200 Jobn G. Rolliugesarss PPP 13
0 A. Coben K Couvvvnnnvnnnn KL
25 C. Charchill...... 50
5 Jos. BR. Partridge “ree
ite A. P. Stanford....oocivnnees 500
Gen. R. C. Scheuck......... 125
es: B.S; Sebuset.... svesee 100
25 Joba Fox Co........... we 20
10600 N. R. Vall......... es
125 Audrew Carvegie........... 1,000
100 Samuel Stanton...ceeeeieees 125
50 KE. D. Litcbfield.....
2:0 Joba R. Foriean.
3 R. Hunting..... rreeeniiee 25
G. W. i “renee 50
25 Bea). Morm....coo eee 50
10% George Wilkes. ooo. wo 10
15 Joshua Nunn........ 50
50 Chas A. Page. ......conne 15
1,240 Henry Barr. seesse 0
"100 Gen. Max. Woodliall.«..re. 50
50 J.P. ONollivad...coveeaeiee 25
1,000 Bowles Bros....oovivninnns A KL
25 Cyrus M. FishFresereees 10
5,000 De'sncey Kare. 10
16 Propriefor of Anglo-Amert.
25 con 7imes.......ocunives 25
2:0 Two Lady Missionaifes......
260 J H. Smallpage Sen, cloth
01 Wg eersirives Seecarennins
Soo
0
P. R Gilwore......coovnnee
C. A. Allen.......oovvvinee
Benj. F. Btevers .........00
(Mews, Hebicht Co.
H Kelly ...covviivnninnnnes
J.B.
THE NEW ROCIAL MOVEMENT IN ENGLAND.
A AAA4 AVA YY DUVALL AE ANS Y A448 80 4 a_4v BREAN TTFT Rd AS
STATEMENT BY SIR STAFFORD NORTHCOTE=—NO
ACREEMENT CONCLUDED ELTWEEN THE
PEERS AND WORKINGMEN.
Sir Stafford Northcote, one of the alleged
sigoatorics to the so-called ‘“‘treaty” between peers
and workmen in England, writes to The Exeter Gazelle of
Oct. 16:
“None of the noblemen or gentlemen whose names have
lately boen brought under public notice have signed or
in any way intimated their agreement with any of the
resolutions which have been published, or any resolu
tions at all; nor has any eeHug tukeu place between
them and any council or body of workingen. All that
has passed, =o far as I am aware, 1s that ome peers and
members of Parliament have XxDresced their willingness
to cousider any suggestion for legislation on questions
aflecting the hl sind. of the working classes, and to
discuss them ina {nendly spirit. No such anggestions,
however, Lave as yet been made in a form adwitting of
consideration.”
MEETING OF LONDON DEMO(RATS~THE MOVE
MENT DENOUNCED,
On the 15th inst. a large meeting of the Lon
don Democrats wus held at the club-room of the London
Patriotic Boclety, In Kirby-st.,, Hatton Garden, to discuss
the new movement for the combination of a Council of
Legislation,” formed of Conservative Peers, with leading
ceprescutatives of the laboring classes; Mr. Galbraith
occupied the chair. The Chairman, in opening the meet.
ng, expressed his astonishment that there should Lave
heen this coalition between persons representing the
working classes and the Tory party, with whom lie
Abougsis the working class had broken off for ever. [le
asked the attention of the weeting to an address by Mr,
Motteshead on a subject counceted with the political
power of the prople.
Mr. Mottoshend, who was received with warm cheers,
drew a foreible picture of the position of the yeople he
fore the Reform movement of 1852, contrasted <hat con
dition with thelr prescut condition, aud declared that

BRITISH TOPICS.
LEE SUSHIL VY MU Fer SHINE UINIKID Ye YY AR oe a
asics of the ple, but not to improve the Govern
nent £0 re [So people are concerned; Le sinco pe
middle Classen bad been In power, through theibelp 0

TEN Cali NES Ad
the
the artisan classes the taxation of the woiking classes
hind greatly fnerensed, the cost of Government bad in
crexsed, and the people were not buttered, either in ve:
gard to more equal taxation or sooiul advaniages, It
hight be true that the hours of labor were less tin thy
used to be, but then the work now, he said, **ivek moe
out of a man” than A work of old time, and hie attrl
uted this to the t introduction of machiaery,
now worked for fio benefit of the middle clusses,
who nov formed the governing olasses. He pro
ceeded to deal with tue “land quesidon”, aud
be maintained that laud should pay 60 per
cent of the national taxation, in l'en of 1} per cent, as ho
declared it did now. Tuls inequality existed still, even
though the Government had dealt in all the Liberal
ghibboleth, but had looked after the interests of tue
cmployers and not of tho stplosed. The speaker then
touched upon a subject which at once attracted great
attention—the agitution ,for a repuvlie. IIe questioned
whether, if there slould be a republic to-morrow, the
{rope wonld be better off; andl he declared that the
ouse of Commons, with all {ts faalte und failings, was a
good legislative body. (Dissert.) le knew ho was not
going to say what would reccive general approbation
when he ‘declared that if the Ciown of Bruns
wick were thrown into the Thames at once the
people would not be benefited (alssent], und he,
or one, would not step from his bearth for what
would not benefit Lfinself and Lis class, H- referred to
the declarations of Mazzini, Kossuth, and Karl Blind a8
to the power which was to fall to the people hy the es
tablishment of republics, and saying that the people had
ob‘ained the powers whi‘h were to come from repub
lican fostitutithy Le passed iu review tae condition of
the Coutinent G8 wei a+ Fug and $0 punt th moral that
the Jeopls were not bend fl: Sd. He advocated tie organ
ization of the peoples the adoption of the ballot, und
Sua) electoral districts as a cure for some of the evils
of which he complained, Lut he urged tuat colsbinations
with aristocrats and middie classes should be ailko
avoided, and that the people subould elect their own
classes to Parliament. The proposition of the new all
ance would not satisfy tue people. (Hoar)
Mr. Winn and Mr. O:borne both spoke strongly against
any combination with Tory lords, and repudiated the
power assumed by the working” side of the coalition
of representing the working classes. Tue propositions
were a move to cheat the people. In the otlier spsechos
made it was declared that the advocacy of republican
principles would advautage the people more than any
combination with the Tories, who, it was said, were en
deavoring to chea' the artisan class. Tio meelinz closed
at a late hour with thanks to the Chairman.
COMMENTS OF TIE LONDON PRESS.
From The Ties of (1. 16.
There seems a settled idea in certain quarters
that Mr. Disraeli must be always plotting eomething
mysterions, Amid the agricultural and Lorticultural
charms of Hugbenden he maintains the silence of a poli
tical Sphinx, and, with the Asiatic wave of the hand fm
mortaljzed in bis novels, he throws his mogie spells over
Peers and Trade Unionists, compelling the Marquis of
Lorne and Mr. George Potter to join hands in a charmed
circle and paralyze Mr. Gladstone and the Liberals. Sir
John Pakington, it 18 true, seems to have
becn overpowered by eome such mysterious
influence, for the seven resolutions purport
to insure the Working Classes those paradisal
esl homesteads, perfect seif-government, regular
work, free instruction, cheap fool), Ploigapt amusements,
and comiortable locomotion which Sir Johu the other
day declared they Lad a right to demand. But 8ir John
Pakington, wo know, is alwavs serious, sanguine, and
versatile. All departments of tho public service have at
all times come alike to him, an! we have no doubt ho
would take office to-morrow under a pledge to make
everybody mappR. Lord John Manners, again, has
placed on record his readiness to sacrifice laws, learning,
and commerce, provided he conld save our “old no
bility.” But we may reasonably ask for some mere
definite information before we fully believe that such
wen a8 Lord Derby and Mr, Disracl’ have pledged them
selves to propose to Parliament this very extraordivary
Programuie.
From The Daily News of Oct. 17.
The disclaimer winen Lord Suishury lately addressed
to us is Repeated by Sir Stafford Northeote, in hi: own
name, and in that of the oth 'r membera of either House
of Parliament who were reported to have signed the
reven resolutions which Lave now acquired notoriety.
For ourselves the programme of the new social move
ment and the adhesions which it was said to have re
ceived appeared to us on reading them so ipcredible that
we did vot in the first iustance deem it necessary to take
any notice of the wattor. It was not until
the document and the namea had beer published in
The Manchester Guardian and Seolsman, and republished
in The Globe, The Echo, and I'he Dai’y Telegraph, without
eliciting contradiction or ¢orrection rrom any of the gen
tleraen mentioned, that we deemed it necessary to inves
tigate tho matter. Tue statement which we printed on
Friday was derived from one of the signers of the reso
lations on behalf the Council of Bkilled Workmen, and
represents accurately his own impression, and, as we
thought, Enowled,e of what had taken place. Lord
Salisbury’s contradiction followed promptly on our
statement, and this was the first word of disciaimer
that reached the public. By what meas the members
of the Workmen's Council were led to beheve that his
signature and those of other members of either House
had been attached to the seven resolutions, is a point
which needs to be cleared up. With the exception of
this extraordinary misunderstanding, no part of the
statement we Lave published is directly questioned hy
Lord Salisbury or 8ir 8tafiord Northcote, thourh the fact
that such a mistake can have been made renders it pos
gible that there may have been other misapprelbensions
scarcely less important,
3 From The Standard of Oct. 16.
It is this growing similarity of sentiment,
this approximation of view between Couservative
thinkers and the more deeply searching of workinzinen
reformers, that has brought them into communication,
aud may not unlikely lead to some ver de
cided and useful results, Once led the hve, A of
the wage-receiving portion of the comunity ae
knowledge oid any ambiguity the inacrent and
inalienable right of property, they will find every
man who deserves the name of Conservative ready
to condemn as loudly as themselves the laissez-aller sy s
tem which is the eldest child of Whigglsm, and which Las
been adopted by tir: majority of the Radical politicians,
We purposely abstain from again eonvessing fo do tail
the reven resolutions which have prematurely seen the
light. Wo can only once more affirin that there is not a
single one of them which might not be coustrued in
a sense in mo degree violating the priacip'es
familiar to Conservatives. If the time of sterile
political agitation has gone by; {if Jresiotate pil
grimages are at last out of fashion; if orators hent
upon dividing the nation iuw conflicting classes
have had their day; if the Crown is once more to he re
«pected, and the House of Lords to bo treated with ordi
nary consideration if, ina word, we are able to be fn
carnest, and the ghost of charlatanism is to be laid for
aver—then, indeed, may we hope that peers and gen
tlemen will combine, not in vain, with the sons of toil to
make us once more a united people. We, for onr part,
shall care little to ask whose thu er itis, provided tae
demons of poverty and discontent he eluin by its holts,
though of course we should not be sorry to see honest
en come by their own.
4
BE F
THE NEGOTIATIONS BLETWELN FRANCE
AND GERMANY.
THREE CONVENTIONS AGREED TO—SUMMARY OF
THIII CONTENTS,
From The Faris Journal Officiel of Ot, 14,
On the 12th three Conventions were signed at
Berlin by the representatives of the French and German
Goverment. 1st, A Territorial Convention, relating to
certain rectifieations of frontier; 21. A Financial Con
vention, involving the evacuation of six Departments of
the East; and 3d. A Customs’ Convention, beariug vpon
the temporary Customs system in Alsace and Lorraine.
The Territorial Convention will Lave to be rari
flsad by the German Parliament and the French
Natlonal Assembly, but the Financial Conven
tion will only require to be eizued by the Presi
dent of the French Republic, and will at once be rat
ified by M. Thiers. The evacuation of tho six Depart
ments will commence fmmediately, and is to be
terminated within a fortulght., Toe German Govern
ment has declared that the i znatures of the President
of the Republic and of M. Pouyer-Quertier would be
sufficient. No farther issue of bills on foreign houses for
the payment of the fourth half miliard of the in
demnity will therefore be necessary. Nearly all the
previous arrangements with regard to the Customs’ Con
vention have been maintained, but the duration of the
exceptional favor accorded to Alsiee and Lorraine has
been reduced to 12 wonths, commencizg on the 15th of
January, 1872, and ending on the 31st of December of the
same year. The foreign occupation will be limited to
Blix departments.

ret.
OPENING OF THE GERMAN PARLIAMENT.
SPEECH OF EMPEROR WILLIAM.
PR BEVIN VUE EAL ENNIS YY ALAA MN
The German Reichstag was opened on the
16th inst. by the Emperor Willian in person, The
Emperor's speech on that occasion was reported in sub
glance by cable. The closing paragraph will, however,
bear printing in full:
Ar regards Toreign politics, I have Leen able to devote
my attention to the SeYeluptent aud consolidation of
the peace just concluded with France the more entirely,
sluce the relations with all foreign governments are
waceful and supported by mutual good-will, My en
Ay therefore, alin at strengthening the wells
grounded confidence thut the new German Empire wili
be a trustworthy shield of peace. In this connection it
is a apecially important, but to me al-o a specially wel
come task to maintain with the immediately neighboring
Btates of Germany, und the rovercigus of the powerful
ewpires which diree iy border on it from the Baltic to
the Lake of Coustance, friendly relations of
such a kind that their realty shall be un
doubted in the public  opinfon of every
conutry. The thought that the meetings which I had
this Summer with the monarchs of these neighboring
empires, who are personally so cluscly connected with
me, mays by gitelatiening public confidence in the
peaceful future of Europe, further the realization of this
Jroslect, is specially pleasing to my heart. The German
‘mpire and the Austro-Hungarian penal State are,
by their Seralibienl position and their historical devel
opment, so fore uy and in so manifold a munner called
upon to entertain friendly and neighborly feiations with
each other that {oe Jat of these relations having
ceased to be tréuble by t e reminiscence of conflicts
which were the undesirable inheritance of the last thou.
gand years will be received by the entire German nation
with sincere satisfaction, Toe hearty reception which 1,
as representative of this Buite received in every part
of the great Fatherland, and w hich has filled me with
Joy ful eatisfaction, but, above all, with thunks to God
for the biessings which will in future not fail to our con
stant aud honest endeavors, 18 a pledge that such satis.
faction will, in view of the complete development of the
German Empire, be felt by the great majority of the
1.4
A BUVHGLAR OVERMATCH YD.
Conon ar, Oct S0.—Andrew Stever, a farmer,
Byving f15 miles $a of Deplos, Obdo, was eo nfronted
in bis own house, uw sotarday night, by a robber, who,
after asking for we tebe, presented a revolver, Btever
knocked the revels ov (rom the robbher's hand, and
stubbed im with a pociict-Saife, kKdliug him justantly,
The Cereus lury eacueraied =.0volke

NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1876°7X
terday the scene of much excitement, not of the deol
strative kind, yot none the less apparent and sincere, the
cause whereof was the anticipated deliverance of many
persons who have long been held in Ludlow-st. prison
for debt, The room was filled with an assemblage In
which all classes were represented. Some were there
from an idle curiosity, some from genuine sympathy with
distress, while many came to lookjagaln upoojthe features
of friends or relatives who lad long been withdrawn
from their view. Inside of the bar were editors and re
porters of various papers, lawyers, deputy sheriffs, and
the unfortunate persons in whose behulf the proceedings
were to bo taken, The latter were a strange mixtare=
old and young, and middle-aged, laborers, urtisans, and
business-men some bore the marks of culttvation, and
most of the faces appeared to be innocent of crime.
Judge Barnard appeared ut 11 o'clock, and immediately
procecded with the business which was fraught with 8c
much interest to everyous., Beside him sat the Righ!
TILL FRIDAY.
The Court of and Terminer was yes
Hon. Mr. Gurney, the Recorder of London. The ne
ocedings began by the application for adjonfnnent 0
Israel Lazarus, who is charged with fraudalent register
ing. Gen. Barlow strenuously opposed. He wanted the
case tricd before the election. J nudge Barnard, after
some disoussion adjourned the case until to-day, remand
ing the prisoner in default of £500 bail, The cases of the
Ludlow-st. prisoners wero thou called, and Mr. Bulll
van raid:
If your Monor please, you will Focofteck that at an
earlier term of tie Court, you requested me to bring into
court by virtiae oi my oflice, sich persons confined in
Ladlow-et, Jail, as might be fit subjects for the dis
tretioffaky Mower your Honor has, and to make an oX
amination of tho differen: cases. After commencing an
examination I discovered that any discrimination made
by me might suhjoct me to wisconstruction, or I migit
have mada a mistake nyeel]. I therefore concluded, in
stead of issuing u Janu list, to have the whole of the
Jrisoucts included in your fTonor's ruggestion brought
ere. They have been requested to propare in writing a
statement of their cases, the cause of their im
prisonment, the length of time, and the circnm
stances of such finprisonment; aud I propose that tueso
matters go over until Friday, in order that in the mean
time counter statements may be filed if desired, and the
whole matter be tully brought beforethe Court. Thuvein
my laid a correct list brougit herejby the Sheriff, of all
the persons confined in Ludiow-st. Jail, except those
under tie jurisdiction of the United States Courts. Tucse
persons are all here; and tiie process or warrants under
which they are detained {8 here, The list sun piles be
tween foriy und fifty names. Your Honor wiil see thut
my motion 18 indispensable, that a notice be given them
to prepare by next Friday, anc to furnish through me,
by tue keeper of tie prison, a writien statement of their
cu8es; ami at the sae fime 1 will give notice to the
plaintiffs attorney to furnish thelr counter statements
inthe cases. Tuis seems to we the only way in which
full justice can be dono.
Judge Barvard—Tucre aro somo of them, I hear, in
jail, whose lite may be sacriticed by imprisonment for
uny length of thine,
Air. Suilivan—I uave visited the jail, and can say that
there 18 no case in which life wowmid be eudangered by
further imprisonment until Friday.
Judge Barnard—Tuere is one case of a man 81 years
old, I understand; it won't bo necessary to keep him
much longer. lle is too oid to be in there. I aliude to
Mr. Charles Wood,
Mr. Sullivan—1 see hy reference, that he was impris
oned on the 13th of October, 1571, ou an execution for
$410 73. Mr. Wood is here,
Mr. Edwin James asked for the release of John Mo
Quade, who, he said, was very 11.
Mr. Sullivun—Do I understand that my motion is
granted 1
Judge Barnard—Yes, Sir,
Count Joannes said he appeared for the wife pnd child
In u divorcee suit wherein the defendant, who is charged
with adultery, i= eonflued for non-payment of alimony;
and he would like to know if that case came within the
order of his Honor, so thut he should know whether to
appear on Priday or not.
Chauney Bhaffer hero attempted to speak, and Count
Joanues desired to know whether Mr. SLuflir opposed
him. “Oh, no,” said Mr. Bbaflier, “one good wan never
DPPOSes another.”
This sadly of Mr, Bhaffer was received with frome
laughter by the spectators, which, however, was quickly
giieneed by the Judze's gavel
Mr. Shiffer—I caine here to make an application for a
Belial, who, 1 thiak, i3 in a littie unnecessary
rouble; hut us your Houor has appointed Friday to hear
hese matters, I'shall let 16 rest tid dien, as I think ay
slicut can live till then,
A counsel appeared to opposy the release of Wood,
Who, ho suid, had collected cebts, und used the woney
masell,
Judge Barnard—Why is he confined 1
Connsei—For the same reasova as stated by my friend
the Count.
Judge Barnard—You don't mean to ray that a man of
81 hus been comml ting adultery t
Counsel—No, ¥ir; but probably he has refused to pay
fines ordered by the Court,
Mr. Sullivan—I theu give notice to all parties te pre
pare Statement in ful of their cases, under oath, be
tween this and Fiiday next, shall collect them and
gee that proper notice is given to the plaintiffs or thelr
attorneys.
Anot..cr counsel gaid ho appeared for a Mr. Willis, in
whose case a writ of ne ercat hud been issued, and was
prepared to move to quash ii.
Judge Barnard—if you move to set aside the writ of ne
exeal, you ust go to tae court that granted it. Bat, if
vou move to release this person, ou the ground of
humanity, 1 will hear that motion.
A gedlleman inquize Lif his Honor's action applied to
cases adjudicated on by other judges,
Judge Barnar!—Yos, Sir. Tue coun-ol who apremd
the release of Wood, said thie latter had been fried In
open court, before a judge and Lot by a jury, and teat he
deserved is haprisonment,
Mr. Wood was calied ap to the bar, where he endured
quietly and eomposedly the curious looks which were
yent on him from every side,
Judge Barnard—ITov oll are youl
Mr. Wood—seventy-seven wud a Lodf, Sir,
Judge Barnard—What is there in tai?
Mr. Wood—I used the woney, as I thought T hada
ight to,
Jude Barnard—IHuve you any money 1
Mr. Wood—No, Sir, i
Jucgo Bavuard to the Counsel—What is the nso of
geeping him tuere if he has no money

Couns =I den't know, Sie; the plaintiffs desire it;
hey were the ouly ons who had the courake to aitack
Hm.

Judtee Rarnard—Well, discharge him. You may go,
Mr. Wood.

A gentieman called the Court's attention to the case of
Joan John-on, a colored man, who hud been commited
ym an execution bssued by (ne clerk of the Third District
sonrt, and asked for hi< release. Tae nnprisonwent, he
abd, was eniively nup. oper, as it wasonly the execution,
wid no cortiticate that no property could be fouud ap
pears. The prisener has no counsel kere, He was taken
rom his work—scrubbing the tloor—at the Below: Ho
el. He waacalled to the bar, and as he stepped forward
he whites of his large win appearing supernaturaly
srilliant amid the untisual blackness of his tace, his ap
pearance created mueh laughter, in which he, apparently
with a keen appreciation of his own grotesqueness, good
humoredly joised.



Judge Bal nard—What di 1 you want with this dress
Johuson—Nothin', Bir; I never see i; never had my
hand on the trunk,
Judge Barnard—What trunk 1
Johusou—Why, she left a trunk at my house. Sir, and
Wfter 10 bad been there a week, she took it away, and
hen she hud me arrested. I neversee the dress, I was
working at the Belmont when they took we.
Judge Barnard=—You may go,
Mr. Andrews applied for the release of Joel M, Haves,
and offered Horace F. Clark as bull. If tbe DistrictAt
orney would overlook the fact tuat Mr. Clarice was an
(trorney, Ley were ready to give bail, but desired the
anounut reduced,
Judgo Barnard=The debt is £1,600, and the bail should
not Le ore than that,
Mr. Suliivau—I would suggest that if the Court thinks
wy relief should be granted in this case, it suould be in
he reduction of ball,
Counsel for Dennis Riley submitted a brief claivnng
that the Special Sessions liad no power to try, or to con
viet, the prisoner, because the Legislature fad no right
0 reorgauize that Court under the city tax levy, wlich
had been done, The Court overruled the objection, and
said the counsel might take it to tho General Term,
The Court of Oyer and ‘Lermiver was then adjonrned
to Friday ucxt, at 10a. m., when those not discharged
ure sxpected to appear. The Jurors of the Over and qer
ui ase wore ddocharged until Wednesday, at 12 m.,
a
THE STOKES-FISK CASE.
AN ORDER FOR FISK'S ARREST.
Pst ESSE PART I TMmOTEEr Tal EET Toon TOWER. ee
An order of arrest was issued yesterday, by
Justice Ingraham, in Supreme Court, Chatmbers, against
James Fisk, jr., on the application of Helen Josephine
Manstield, who charges that Fisk retains $40,000 of her
money, which he obtained in a flduclary capacity. The
bail is said to be fixed at $40,000,
THE SCANDALOUS CORRESPONDENCE—A DUBIOUS
DEFENDANT.
The action of James Fisk, jr., against Ed
ward 8, Stokes, Helen J. Mansfield and others came up
before Judge Prutt, in the Supreme Conrt, Bpecial Term,
of Kings County. yesterday, on tho order to show cause
why the preliminary injunction, granted by Judge Pratt,
should not be continued, and also on a motion to change
the place of trial to New-York. The injunction asked
for is to restrain the defendants from publishing, or
allowing to he published, or to be used in any suit, any
of the correspondence between Fisk and Mrs. Mansfield,
during their former jutimacy. Fisk's counsel offered to
read to the Court aflidavits of Fisk and others, which
bad not heen served on the counsel for Mrs. Mansfield
to which plaiutiff's counsel objected, and the argument
ou the motion for a permanent Injunction was, there
tute, Jostpuned until Monday next, to give an opportu
nity for the service of copies of these affidavits on the
platutifi”s counsel, Judge Pratt Hubspiitiontly vacated
the fnjunction as far us it related to Messrs, Marsh
Wallace, plumtift’s counsel, who stated that they had not
in their possession any of the papers, or coples of them,
On wrgnwent to ehninge the place of trial, plaintiff's
counsel presented the affidavit of Mra. Mausfleld, to the
effect that she knew nothing of ‘‘Pooton,” had never
seen Lim, nud that he was o.erely a nominal He jendant,
futrodueed into tho case to Rive the plaintiff a pre
text whereby he could bring this action in Kings Connty,
Defendant's counsel read affidavits by James Fisk, jr.,
und Juwies Pooton, setiing forth that Pooton isa rosi
deut of Kinwa Cou'sy and un eaploy 6 of the News Asso.
THE COURTS.
I"
BROUGHT BACK TO LIFE.
TWO OF THE LUDLOW-ST. PRISONERS DIS
ciation. He had heard that certain Now-York pe
paper men had copies of thé correspondence,
-enfgred luto an agreement whereby he was to rece
lication. Plaintiff’s counbel criticises 9
a8 bong vory indefinite on all mater! Rointa, and re
marked that it was singular that Pooton 8 ould be in
close communication with the plaintiff, while they
not fet on his track at all. He asked why the New-York,
ois shers were uot also made defendants in tho cuse, if
y had copies of the correspondence! Judge Pratt yee
asrved hia decision
CITARGED—TIIE OTHER CASES ADJOURNED
MR. BERGH'S VERACITY —A PIALANZ U
LAWYERS.
Tho Bonard Will case came up before Surre
gate Hutchings yesterday. Mr, Gerry sald he wished to
rectify ocrtain alleged irregularities on the record, and
to adjust the relations of counsel, some of which were
disputed; and he asked that the series of objections
which had been filed to the so-called first will of Feb. 11
be removed from the files of the Court, as the counsel
who presented them acted under a misapprehension and
without authority from Mr. Bergh, These objections
allege that Mr. Bonard, at the time he signed the aot
will, was in a lethiargle state, Jroduced w narcotics,
did not know what he was doing, Mr. ergh was caljod
to the stand, and testified that Mr, Bonard DCYOr o, pi,
presence spoke of having been under the Tifluence of
harcotics at the time be signed the first S11), and that he
had only heard a rumor that rarcotios had been adinin
istered to him, to which he ajdt but Htile attention,
Mr. Coundert—Wull you tell us from whom you got this
{AME
Mr. Gerry ohjected to the question.
Mr. Berg —The rumor wis non? likely to have come
trom Mr. Campbell than anybody else.
Mr. Couderi—Mr. Bergh’ denies it, it 18 true; but i
want to prove by Lim that 1b is true, notwithstanding
that denial,
Mr. Bergh (with warmth)—You cannot make me prove
8 tulschood, Sir.
Mr. Couderi—I want to make youn prove the truth.
Mr. Bergh eniiautienlly)~Tue trath you shall always
have, Sir Mr. Bouard never sald anything about Lis
pagsloal or mental condition,

he Surrogate thought that Mr. Bergh’s original
declaration that he had not heard Mr. Bonnard say any«
tlaug about narcotics should stand good, without further
effort to impeach it, Mr, Coudert said he would oppose
tue testimouy of Mr. Bergh by that or Mr. Canpuel
who wus with Mr, Bergh on his visits to Mr. Bonurd, and
who would prove that Mr. Bonard spoke about narcotics
in Mr. Bergu’s presence. The Surrogate sald he shonld
allow Mr, Bergh to withdraw the list of objections. The
relations of counsel were thon adjusted as tollows
kibridge T. Gerry, counsel for Mr. Bergh and the American Society for
the Preveut.cn of Cruelty to Avimals.
Jobm G. Boyd, counsel for Mr, Campbell ander the first will.
Loa Abbott, associate counsel with Ar. Boyd, for Mr. Campbell.
dir. Moyasu, counsel for Joscpbine Bonar, claiming to be oue of the
heirs of tue deceased iu the matter of the first will,

Mr. Coudert, counsel for the French Consul and anknown heirs.
Judge vorter, coussel for Jones bell, legatees under the Lirst will,
Niles Bagicy, associate counsel! for Jouos Bell,
THE LEXINGTON-AVE. OPENING ASSESSMENTS
ENFORCED.
ENFORCED.
The case of Brennan agt. The Mayor ete. was
argued yesterday, in tha Supreme Court, Special Term,
before Judge Brady. The plaintiff and about 30 other
persons affected by assessments for the opening of Lex,
wgton-ave., brought sult to restrain their collection, on
the ground that the act authoriz!ng the opening included
two ig tae openlog of the avenue and tue closiug
of Hamilton Park; that all that was authorized by the
uct was the laying out of the street, and that not being
on the old map, tue general assessmont law did not ap
ply. The City demurred, and on the demurrer Judgo
Brudy gave judgmeut for the City, holding that tho new
aYenuc being wade part of the wap, the assessment law
ubpplics,

James E. MecCormie, charged with committing
acts of frandulent baakraptey in Baltimore, was arre ted, yesterlay, on
beach warraot from Maryland, and weld in ®5,00 vail by Cominis
s.oner Shiels
The eriminal branch of the United States Circuit
Court is a joarned till to-morrow at 11 a, m. Assistant District-Attorney
Purdy was reaay yesteroay for tha trial of 23 criminal ea es. ‘iLLe pris.
vners, the witues:ea, the jury aud she counsel were prescut, but there
was 1.0 judge.
At the Essex Market Police Court, Norman Abbot,
a physician at No. 30 East Broadway, was enamitted, yesterday, for ate
tenting to outragz a patient, M.4 Hosa Beaamout of No S10 Exst
Six best....Pewr Donnelly, for stealing a iorse and wagon, worih $40,
from Margaret Baker,
At the Jefferson Market Police Conrt, Eugene
Hahbard, alias Jimes Doran, was commited, yesterday, for sealing
books, worth $4), frow John Featherstoce of No. 100 Varich-83....
Mchael Hanahan, for throwing a stoue turough a plate-giass window,
worta 3300, at No, #4 Sixta-ave.
At the Tombs Police Court, Justice Dowling com
mitted Peter F. Rowaky, a bar-tender, vesterday, for stealing gold coin
an a set of gold azuds belonging to Christian Kotue of No. {30 Green
w chest. ...Cornelins Cox was arrested ou a charie of baring obtained
%317 in advance, by fal-e pre:eases, from Heiman P. Ball of No. 6
South-st., on a cargo of hams, which Le d-clared were in good order, bat
which proved to Le worthless, The magistrate decided that it wns a
civil case, and discharge! the aecossl.... Patrick Jo ce and his sou Pat
rick were com: tel for snetcaing a wallet cortainiog $30 from V.
Montez, a tpaniend, while pa sing along Cedar-st.,..5 mon dirauss was
commit od for end avoring to suaich a sateuel trom the hands of Bila.
Leth Dixon, 8s she was leaving the Bowery Savings bBauk.
R——
Supreme Conrt—Chambers—By Judge Ingrabam.—
Wilme nlirzs Mount agt. Fowler.—Motion denisd. Wright agt.
Wrght.—Five dollars per week alimony is allowed from this vate, and
S100 counsel fees. in re. Harmony Fire la«. Co.—Memoranda for
Counsel, Thptazen sgt. Seixas. —Ref-rence orjered. Cox ant. Cox.—
Referred hack. (pre. Petition of Baiuuridge.—Motion granted, Hil:
dreth agt. Shepard —Onler settled.
Superior Court—Special Term—By Judge Jones,
Ritter ag. Krekiler.=—Care settled anl ordsred to be fied. Ri or agi.
Puillijs et al.—Sime. Hays agi. Pruder.—Dfaalt opened; terns re.
red uutil the settiement of tue onler; order to be settled on one day's
notec Alston ast. blerlock, Dumont agt. Richert, Brown et al. agt.
Codling et al.—Orlers gated. Baum agi, St. Nicholas lus. Co.—De
fault taZen,
Common Pleas— Special Term—RBy Judge Robinson.
Rachel Vau Goldeim sagt. Henry Van Goldeim.~Divoroe granted to piaia
uth.
Marine Court—DPart I.—By Judge Joachimsen.—
Jadd ast. seeman. —Dismisce] with costs.
Part I1.—By Judge Curtis.—Brown agt, Bottstern; Berry agt. Otten
bheimer.—I oqeets taken. The Exeeldor Manufecturiog Co. agt, Law,
Discontinued. Beek agt. Pohl; Peters agt. Fablbuzon, ~-Settled,
Part LI1.—Bv Judge Alher.—Mason ngt. Winters. —Inque-t taken.
Steel agt. Baack; Juckeou ag. Greenwood, —Dismisved by defiult,
Srpreie Covnr—Cuavwnrri—INonanan, J.—Callar called at 12 m
ro, Raae iv agt. Wiggin, 197..In re J. R Stuyverant agt
196,00 re Mover: Sank, Fog» ity,
MAkINE Covigr—"TrIAL Tauy—Pant L=JoAacHinagy, J.—Opens af
"an.
6114... Moore azt, Wood, 7212, .Woschawsky ogt. Licht,
tod. truss Act. Miler 1213.. Lamb azt. elimer,
G2 Horng sgt Elston, TAL Andrews ag! Nuop ens,
Tin allaguer mgt. Linta T26, Vrank agt. Race.
TV. Haut egt, Keep. G19, Herrick agt. Hall
TL. Kice agt, Garfues, ic20., huxbaum sgt. Fink.
195, Wedler agt, R-eiold, 3221. To zan agt. Hewme,
709. Edstrom act, Beams, 72". Wilcox agt. Ma er,
7211. .Nchniat sagt, Cann, Gil... Komore sgt. Elston.
PARy HL=UURTis, J.
6915, Herman agt, Schlaler, 7229. Tillinghast agt, Man'sr,
T103,.C rman sgt. MeKenze, 7233. Johnson agt, Jacason.
6.85... Web agt, Worinser, 7206, Wo ernz sagt. Steiumets.
LUD, Geision agt, Copeuit, 723%, .Dollner agt. Jenn: a,
7117. Richardson agt. Davison, 7240, Davis agt. Hooper.
GAG. Gillies apt. Jones 7241..Lu Gar ugt. Fischer.
6920, Haaks sgt. Beosel, [7240 Mason sagt. Jenuys.
6725. Hoyer ext, Hevriqnes, 247. Bennett sgt, Rosenthal,
1227..8baroex agt. Houlury, i sgt. Ittwano,
7223, Newell agt, McKenae,
Parr HL—Avker, J.
7579... Liebman agt, Steinmetz, |3719. Farrington agt, Winters,
TT22..Cairere ugt. Fay, TIAL Blobm agt, Webster.
BROTHERHOOD OF LOCOMOTIVE ENGIN
ELIS,

FIGITH ANNUAL CONVENTION,
FIGHT ANNUAL CONVENTION,
Toronto, Oct. 24.—During the past week the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers has been holding
{ts eighth annual Cenventton In this city. The first meet
ing wus held in the Music ITall on the 19th, and numerous
sessions have taken place since for the consideration of
the business of the organization. There were about 120
delegates present from all parts of the United States and
Canada, representing nearly 7,000 engineers, in 136 di
visions. The Lall was handsomely decorated, and the
band of the Grand Tronk Battalion furnished music on
soveral occasions, The Provinelal Government offered
the use of the Parliament House, but the room was not
large enough, and the Music Hall was then obtained.
The Grand OMcers present were Measrs, Charles Wilson,
G. CE, Cleveland, Olde: C. H. Sherman, F, 4G. E,, Dun
kirk, N. Y.; Robt. Pearsor 8, G. E., Toronto, Ont;
Charles Fellows, F. GG, A. i, Cleveland, Ohio; P, M,
Arthur, 8. (i. A. E., Albany, N. Y.; J. A. Adcock, F. G. A.
E., Nashville, Teun; J.C. Fisher, G. G4., Bacramento
Ciiy, Cal
In his annual address, Grand Chief Engineer Wilson
referred to the pleasant welcome received from the
Canadian brethren, and declared that the policy of the
organization was to fmprove the ability aud status of ity
members as locomotive engineers and as men, A bill for
the incorporation of the Brotherhood had heen Jicpared,
and if adopted by the Convention, an efiort will be made
to get it passed by the United States Cohipress and the
Dominion Parliament. The Grand Chief advised en
gineers to SERV oual y observe the rules of their rallyway
companies, and if such rulea were fouud impracticable,
they would be repealed in time. He conshlered it very
unjust for one englueer to try and outdo another by
vielatiug a rule of the CORVANY, some time-cards were
gn fast that it was impossible to make the thine and ob
serve the other regulations as to switches and stopping
places; yet the time was made and all went
well until an accident occurred, Then the
oficial, to screen himself, pointed to a rule
which he ohnbly knew had been violated
for months. only way to get bad rules changed was
toobserve them to the very letter, Inorder that only capa
ble engineers shonld be allgwod to ran locomotives, the
Grand Chief paRioaicd that yory raliroad or division of
a rallrond should have a bh wid of examination, cow
posed of the Superintsudent, the master mechanfe, and
one engineer of at lepst five ears’ experience; the dut
of this board being to examl ie and wake a full hy A
gation of the ability, habits «nd standing as men, of all
engineers and applicants foe FromoHon on the road,
requiring the full board to sign the certificate, If granted,
and attaching a penalty If they should knowlugly grant a
certificate to an unworthy person. This plan the Grand
Chief thought would secura first-class engineers at all
times, The G. C. further S3prensnd the opiuion that no
good railway manager would, on the score of econon y,
exchange old and tried englueers for new beginners or
untried men, “What we want,” he continued, and
what the publio and the railroad mavagement will sus
tain us in, {a a plan that will Insure thoroughly compe.
tent engineers, aud that will Sustain none that arg not
reliable, This can be done mueh helter by the united
actioa of the railway officials and their engineers, than
by any license law which provides for sn examination
by n stranger to the applleant. No value could be, in
Jinetice, attached to any certificate given to a locowmos
Ive engines by a Sevier. The certificate, to be of
any value, must be given thoso who kiow personally
all uboat the applicant. T havo no doubt but that efforts
will be wade (0 Duss Jovnse laws for engineers ln geveral
THE BONARD WILL.
CRIMINAL COURTS.
DECISIONS OT. 38
COURT CALLNDAUS <I'A18 DAY
ies during the coming year, and my dulvice 1s for the
ve engineors 1 airange some pin that will be
nt [uatinies to the public, and v0 in fnsnp
liable engineers, without being burdened by a law
tax that would not be of any Jrietical bene! to sny
No doubt a license law could be devised that would
ins@re a bettcr class of stationary englueers, bul ths
lar qualification necessary in a locomotive enginder
«Will prevent accidents to hls train, is no partief
requirements of a stationary engineer, and it oan ho
loped ouly by a practical demoustration,” The
nd Chiof adverted to the question of Bunday work,
hoped that a proper effort would be made to In
ce all rullroad managers to abandon the running of
ofl grains that could possibly be dispensed with on Bun
dar. The subject of winperance was referred to in de
Vo terms by the Grand Chief, He was ashame! to
notice that a list of expulsions for excessive drinking
conutinud in The Monthly Journal. He said there was
no middle ground on hia question. No engineer conld
wadntain a recpoctable standing and be guilty of the
excessive use of lqtor, and he hoped every division
world realize the full responsibility und disgrace it in
curred Mn sustaining any member addicted to the
Apgiiracd abit of lutemperance. The Grand Chief con
2d his address hy hoping that every wmewber of tue
Brotherhood would fiimly re<olve never to be gulity of
Nang Proldhe or ill-tempered language to any person,
but treat all persous respectfully, und so fur as fu their
power maintain unsullied their reputations as members
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers,
2
motive
The First Grand Eugineer's report showed that the
Brotherhood had made gratitying progres<, and that it
Dow comprises 136 divisions, and nearly 7,000 members,
He eluimicd that the accidents on roads traceable to the ig
norance or carelessness of engineers were yearly decreas.
Jogi numbers, owing to the bealgn influence exercised 1 y
Yifauication, Ho exhorted the brethren to steer ciear of
1
hing; alliances, to repudiate all glitering proposi
tious, and to devote themselves to the simple tusk of ¢je
vath.g tier character and Increasing tuoir eficicncy,
Ho a moitied tout their wages were not now, and never
had been, commensurate with their responsibilities and
lavors; bul tie arcucd that what might never be effected
4 stuikes and combluations, as ini he past, would surely,
thongao siowiy, result from strict adhorence to the run
dameniul laws of the Brotherhood, Tue First Grand
Engtucer referred to the locomotive engineers’ mutial
lie msurance association, which provides that, upon the
death of member, every other mewb: r suall pay the
sum of §1 into a common fund for the hers of the
deceased. Up to July 1 of the present year, this assocl
ation has boen in existence three years and a half, and
darigg that period there have been 88 deaths and 83
ussed-ents, two assessmencs being for disabled mein.
bers. Tue statistics showed that four-uiutns of the
deaths resulted from accidents. The uverage member.
ship for the 42 montis was 2,275, and tue deatli-rate about
26 per annum, or 8 fraction vver one per cont. ‘Lue Grand
Eugincer clanued that the perceutage of loss was tar be
Jow the assessments that would have been made on them
by or Zur 1LRNrancs colnpauy.
iI
Last saturday morning tue members of the Brother
hood made an excursion over the Great Western to Ni
egara Falls, They Subped at Homdion and inspecied
tho ex. cusive Great Western Works,
FLLCTION OF GRAND OFFICERS.
Toronto, Oct. 25. Tuesday morning the
Brotherhood, on the Invitation ot Mr, Fred, W. Cumber
aud, General Manager, started on an excursion io Lake
Simcoe, via the Northern Railway. Yesterday, the Com.
vention ia secret Srmaon, Pragoeded 39 the election of

3 officers, with the following result:
g Cri om {By inecr—Charles Wi'son, Cl veland. OMo, reSlected,
F.rst Grand Eu ire r-Ci5} 1, Sherman, Dangiey, Y,. reélocked,
Graud En inecr—Rooert Pearson, Ou 1 lasted.
Reaond a A ingineer—Charles Fellows, C.evelaud, Ouio, ee-|
eetind.
gy Grand Assistant Epginear—P, M. Arthur, Albany, N. xX, re
Grand As<is'ant Bnginser—B. Smith, Carondelet, Mo.
eleued
Grand Guanliap—H, W Fenner, Wossegter, Slane.
Gand Chaplain=J. Ray. Sunbury, Pean., rerlocted.
It was decided tuat the next meeting of the Conven
tion should be held on the third Wednesday iu October,
18732, 0%. St. Lois, Mo. The closing session of tue Conven
tion was heid to-day. ty
wo FATAT, AFFRA YS.
John Rourke, a brown-stone worker, re
eently boarding at 505 East Forty-sixth-st., was found
{nsensible on Sunday morning on the pavement In
Becond-uve., near Forty-sixth-st. He was rewoved to
the Fifty-ninth-st. Police-station, and, as ths surgeon
who was called to attend him could not restore him to
consciousness, he was removed to Bellevue Hospital,
where be died early Jedlerday, A  post
mortem examination revealed a fracturo of the
right parietal and temporal bones, and large
clots of blood covering both hemispheres of the brain.
The fuvestigation was adjourned by the Coroner to give
tho police time to work up the ease, Capt. Gunner has
ascertained that on Saturday night the deceased, in com
any with John and Thomas Guligan of Fifty-ninth-st.,
ohn Condron, and others, was drinking freely in vari. us
saloons, and that thoy afterward met other persons, with
whom they drank and quarreled. Only one meiwber,
Gorman, of the second party is under ari>at. The
brot'iers Gilligan and Condroa are also detained to await
thie result of the Coroner's investigation; but they
claim to know nothing of the fatal affray. Rourke was
a native of Ireland, age 31.
The ante-mortem statement of Dennis McCarty, lying
dangerously wounded at No. 339 Frout-st., was taken yes
terday. He quarreled on Sunday morning with John
Smith of No. 8 Ridge-st,, and otheis, over a game of
cards, in the raloon No. 242 Division-st., all of thom being
under the influence of liquor. McCarty, on leaving the
saloon, was followed by Smith, who renewed the quarrel
and stabbed him under the left shonlder-blade, causing
a very dangerous wound, The assallant has eluded ar
rest

CITY Gov ERNMENT.
ee cn
Board of Aldermen.
OTATED DESSION,
OFFICIAL.) MoNDAY, Oct. 30, 1371-1 o'clock Pp: m.
Tha 1..rd met in their Chamber, No. 15 Clty Hall,
Present—Thomas Coman, Ped and Aldermen Charlock,
Cuddy, M-Kiever, Mitchell, O'Neill, Plunkitt, Schlicht
ing, and Weloh—9.
The minutes of meeting held Oct. 23 read and ap
proved.
PETITIONS,
By Alderman McKiever—FPetition of property-owners
on Foity-fourth-st, to chauge grade of sail street from
First-ave. to East River. Referred to Committee on
Sirecis.
B Aldermsy, Dimond—Petitlon of Commissioner of
Police for permit to construct vaults In new policesta
tion for Fourteenth Precinet Police, Granted.
By the President—Petition of Wallace Co. for per
mission to lay plank-walk in New Church-st., coruer of
 Cortlandt-st. Granted.
REAROLUTIONS,
By Alderman Plunkitt—Resolution that permission be
piven to residents and owners of property in the vicinity
of Eighth-ave., between Sixty-fourth an: Sixil-nthats,
to place a free SUBRILEIyAraDY in Eiglhth-ave., be
tween Sixty-fourth and 8 xty-fifth-ats,, under the direc
tion of the Commissioner of Publlo Works,
Which waa adopted.
By Alderman Dimond—Resolution that the sidewalks
of Forty second-st., between Third and Lexington-aves,
(both sides), be extended outwardly for a distance of five
feet from the present line of the curbstone, at the ex
pense of the owners of property on gald street, and under
the direction of the Commissioner of Public Works.
Which was laid over.
RESOLUTIONS FROM DOARD OF ASSISTANT ALDERMEN
ADOPTED,
Resolutions—To appoint Francis N. Ford a city Sur
veyor; to permit lessee of store south-cast corner of
Second-ave., and One-hundred and-fifteenth-st. to place a
watering-trongh in front of his premises; to permis
0. Sheu to place an ornamental lamp in front of No, 386
Eighth-ave,
RESOLUTIONS FROM BOARDIOF ASSISTANT ALDERMEN LAID
OVER.
Resolutions—To permit T. Heine to curb and flag in
frout of his premises on Avenue A, at iznr-eiglit) st.;
to place and Jit two lamps in front of new Jewish 8yn
ugogue in Fifty-seventh-st., hetween First and Second
aves; to place and light lamp south-east coruer of
Seventh-ave, and Twenty-sixtli-st.; to erect lamp-pogts
and light street lamps in First-ave,, from Forty-sixth to
Filty-ninth-sts.; to lay gus mains in Forty-sixth-st., from
Second-ave. to East River, and in Second-aye,, frou
Sixtv-fifth to Sey onty-seventh-sts.; to place and light two
street lamps in front of Central Park Bavings Bauk;
to lay croton main in Eleventh-ave,, from Fify-ninth (o
Bixtieth-sts.; to place and light lamp south-west corner
Third-ave, and Tulrty-sixth-st.; to build a sewer in Oue
hundred-and-fourth-st., from Fourth to Fifth-avea.; to
pave Eleventh-ave., from Fifty-sccond to Fifty-ninth-sts,,
with Belgian pavement) to place two lamps in front of
No. 62 West Fifty-fourth-st., ulso at Fifty-second-st. and
Beventh-ave,; to donate to the Convent of B:cred
Heart a sum sufficient to pay assessments due on prop
erty of said institution; to place and light su ornamental
np north-west corner Avenue A and Teuth-st,; tobuild
recelving basin north-west corner Twenty-fifth-st, and
Tenth-ave.; to place and light ornamental lamp north side
Thirteenth-st,, 60 feet wert of Avenue B; to place and
light gas-lamp opreslis No. 263 West Thirty-first-st.; to
fence in vacant lots Fifth to Madison-aves. and Sixtieth
aud Bixty-first-ats. to flag sidewalk west side Wooster
at,, between Houston and Bleecker-sts, to lay gas mains
in Bixty-ninth-st,, from Third to Fourth-aves.; to regu
late Fourth-ave., Oune-hundred-and-sixteenth to One
hundred-and-twenty-fourth-sts, On motion, the Board
adjourned until Thursday, Nov. 9, at 2 o'clock p. m,
Jouys Harpy, Clerk.
DEPARTURE OF FOREIGN MAILS.
TUKSDAY, Oc, JL
Mails for Europe via Plrionth, Cherbourg, aad Haw! per steam.
Sip Holsat'a, close at 11.00 a. m. A Supplemeutary dull, at foot of
Third-st.. Hoboken, is closed at 1.20 p. ui.
[All letters deposited in Supplementary Malls mast be prepaid with
double postage.
WEDNESDAY, Nov, I.
Mails for Earops, via Queenstown and Liveriva, per steamsiip
Wiscousin, close at ua. m. No Supplementary Ma
THURSDAY, Nov. 2.
Malls tor Barope, via Queenstown aud Liverpool, oi stewnship City of
Limerick, elose at 6:30 a. im. No Supple atary Maki.
Ma'ls for the German States, via Bremen, per steamship Hunsa,
clogs at 12 m,
Mails for Nasran, N. P., and Havaoa and the West Indies, per steam
shiv Morro Castile, elose at 2p. m.

DANENC ERS SATLED.
FOR ASPINWALL, &e.~In steamship Rising Star, Oet, 30=V. N,
Teweree, (icorge Doremus, Fred. D. Jobason, L. W, Castle, Mr,
Martha Phipps and child, James M. Binylie aud wife, Geo, H. Hyer, M,
Nigano, Mrs. Chas, Vince, Rout. MeCaity, Woolsey ielle, Col. Geo, M.
‘I'otten, Eile Kensburger, Dr. PlLillipa, the Hon, Thowas Biddle, govs
erness, nurse, and 5 children, F. A. Morey and wife, Joha D. Siva, K. H.
snp, Mrs. Lucius Crooker, infant and umwe, Mrs, Owen Manlove
2 ebildren sod infaus, OC. W. Bmith and wife. Gen. A. L. Burvett and
Saugnter, E. R. Smith, F. de 1a Guandea, Mr J. P. Bunce, Miss Sosa
Hind, M. Garcia Calderon, CC, Montjuy and ebild, A, Piper, M. V. To
lado, Juhu G, Bailey, Wm, Rowe, wife aul iofant, I. P. Farrar. 3.
Goldumith, Win Donnelly, L. Merina, T. T. Gamble, Major A. G. Con:
I.
hla and 2 con th sass it
DAREN FEDRS ARRIVED.
FROM BUREMEN—In steamship Hermann, Oct, 30, —A. Her ‘gon and
elild, Sophie Heiug, B, H, Reinold and family, I. A. Wi san and
daughtes, Jaue Markbrat and daughter, Mrs. Biluzioghoien. ar] (Lode,
Uepipt Amroy, Oscar Crants and wife, Joe Schroder, Samu 4 Fleischman
and family, dy Beehtel, H. A, Sehiubsch, Ww. von 87 ely and family,
W. V. Muller, family and serveut; Mm. Peters aod 7 alld, Mrs. Vogel:
sang, Mrs. Panlson, Edward Meek, K. Hutching, ra. Derkbeim and
albhare in tha stesrngey
Sun rieer....... 0:09 Sun sets. .......oo 4:58 Moon visea....... T:10
MiG WATER TH g paT= A. WM,

Sandy Hook....0:23 Gov's Islan, "0 59 Hell Gate Ferre... 11:48
NIGH WAS, gr THIS DAY -P. M,
Bandy  Hook......9:4d i Gory, loland. 10:30 Holl Gate Ferry... 12:00
TI'RSDAY Ocr. LL
yr
MINIATURE AIMS L400
a
arma dr Wawasan EAE LILTTITITPII
CLEARED, iy;
Soamatip Rising Star, Conner, Aspinwall, Pacite Katlondl
Bleamshin Concord, Narain. Philaberons’
Steamship Beverly, Picres, Phils iolphia. a
Steamship 8. P. Phslps, Brown, Pl a jel phia, ood
Btaamship Franco .a, Brags. Pore J.T. Arney, oo AE
Blip Robena, Himmond, pol Thos. Lash i's Nema
Ship Joba Wau (Br.), Bt am, Liver Puen, [TIN pa
Elrip O-ussler (Br.), Leaki:s, 1iv roel, bnow BrrehO®
Bark Vidocity (1'r.), Osborne. |.ondon, Guws 1, wo iB.
Bark Karnak (B7.), Allan, Dalin, Hene~ Parker, he ID
Bark Madwar (Iir.), RoYertson (ork or Palnogs, Niki s+
Burk Troi (01) Wi um, Rott rian, Honey B o
Bark Swi r.), Rosen, Have, Bovd Ilincken, Nr
Brig Oma (Nor), Torme'thy. Liverpool, Vea, T. FR
Br g Rachel Coney, Cons Ps nvm vase, Re. ie
a C. A. Hourd (Br.), Messager, 8. aa 9
Br Ponvert, Allen, Galveston, B. M. B31¢% pols, Si V4
Brig A: tillew, Thestenp, Portivad, Mii r Hougiten, Med Cen
Rebr. Vietor, Mahoney, Pars, J, J. Gromer. Stik rid
Rehr, Mary Burlett, Pearl, Pars, Bare t Pond,
Beir. Ame in A el. Jade, Kt. Po re, Mart, RP Yi
Eehr. Crown Point, Boardmar, Pt Ate wo, L. J. Ww Co. +4
Fchr. “tan ede. hituore, Ni yy, Aa
Behr. J. Warren, Drisso, Peosacoa, 31
f RIVED, f
Steam hip TMermann (N, Relehman, Bromen
on 17¢h, with ih rh pass to Oo richs (0, Oct Wont
teamship Ariadne, Doan: Galveston Og, 19, “ul.
2th, with mie w Jim Be H Manor Co b 4 Ry p
Kteamshi m. P. Clv'e, Drew, j.ctmo ud, C. Poms, A
with mde. and pass. to Washington Co
Steamal Ip Chamoiow, Lociwowd, (luarieston Ont, vig
and pass, to f1, R. Morgan. dhe t
Sip Leo-rd.a (Ge), Wonke. Rotterdam 4} dave, wih dat 4
Bark Q ‘een 0 rots (Br), Smitn, Saisiis, bug, Ag,
Erk Magis ovvuds (tal), Hogie, Brita fag, i
rk Maddelcna Beco, oglia, Br
ballist, 3 d ELT J
Iiark Annie Ada (Br), Froon. Bir'rany 5 davs, wity 5
Baik G. B. Cov rt (ir Partlow’ ¥v'n 1. C, B., 17d
Bark Mar: Lawton (Br) Lome, Naru al 45 Lev, wikh
brig Ravenswool (Br.), Swars, Dead Lai: de, Laurson,
sh.
Brig Lizzie Zittlosen (sen), Dow. Mili'rilze 6 dre, fs be Bb
Lrig Nelue Autrin, Lo it, Rio Grade ty 411 2 dar, wi
Ecar, Ro W. Brown, Wess, Cuar. etn 12 days, with od
Neh P f Orlant), Bpa-ig, M
Kehr. Annie Powers (of Orlan}), pariy, Marsh Harbor,
days, with fru.t. Maan, u
SCAOONERS=— ITER A D COA*TWIR,
E. R. Kirk, Ocorzec omu, D. C. ol me W Hameo, Viegialg,
F. Freach, Virzinia, vanvard, Vicgd oa
DOMESTIC PnuTs,
Bosroy, Oct 3.—Avtived, stern, hips JV. J awronce, hyve)
Norman, fiona Philadelplia; Ceusipote, 10.8 fuiladel
jrom Shi bis E> “vs a]
Forties Movror, Oc’. 30, —Arrvod, riz Artists, LN
or err; burk liith ose from New-yor., 3 he Ty be
Luwes, Oct. 3), —Arr ved siip S.ranse, from Leverpost
from London a.80, an wusnowa hare, at
New-Ourgaxs, Oct. 2i,—Arnvel, stoamehip Geo, C fron
New-York. bailed 20th, steamship United States, lor Now Hana
FOREIGN PORT=,
URRNSTOWN, Oct. 30.— (he Intan Lins cteamshin City Boltmen
Mh Hoi te, bom New- iors vet, 1g, tee ed bere on Tia
oe nt 5:30 0 clock, aad afier lauding wails aud passengers, pisoedinl for
er I. i
NOUTHANPTON, Oct. 30.—The Nort: Cervan Loy! stesngily
Ca, t. Meser, trom .oew-Yurk Oct. 19 for Bros, cial berg on
aod preceeded,
SPOKEN.
Ship Ladr Dufferin (Br), fron Cusiiesion for Liversoo', Och 38, lt
3G 25, low. 82 2%, 7 days oul,
[Hor Latest 8hip News see Fi''h Puge)



b A. Mrnws, Anctoneer,
BY BANGS, MELWIN Co., Broadway, eo.
4th-#t.—5ales of Looks, Wo: 3 or Art, Foner Coola, wi Lh gd
a EO NPAY fal T.iU8SDAY, Nov. Land 2, at 3s,
‘LECTION O)KY, rare, cuions, and 1uieie 8g,
Library of Mr, C. W, Fredericxwon. from the
FRIDAY ond SATUKUAT, Nov, Tandd, mtdp. 8
A VALUABLE COLLECTION of PANDACD aw Bia 3 works,
compriving sowe which relate to Ameria sears 03) desimble Dod.
MATIC WORKS, Bandsonely ilu tried Dooks, includicg MeKen 5
Satis indious, Bueyclop pula Br.icunica, bia edition, Marig's Mita,
Nin 2 CIT RPAVITT 4
(GES, A. ‘LEAVITT Co. (late Leavitt,
Srcbeigh Co.), Clinton Mall, Astor-pia-e. For the baig of
Auction ef Lisxarims, CoLLECTioss of Luvks, Pawtine, ad oll
kinds of LITEKARY PROPERTY.
NEW. YORK SUPREME COURT.—CHARLES
W. KoARNBY sgt. i. B WASHOE TOOL COMPANY. ~Jotes
is hereby given that, pursuant to am order of tuis Co ri, date. the lth
day of October, 1871, tle subeeriler, as Receiver of the said T!8
WABSIIOE TOOL COMPANY, aprointed in tue coove entith d actige”
will SELL at tle Oifice of suid Compaary No. ibd Cur. bereid, la tae
City of New-York, on the 17.h day of Nove nuber next, ag 12 nova of tha
day, the following property of the suid Tillis WASHOL COOL Cud,
PANY, to wit:
TWO LOTS of land, with buildings thereon, consisting of faciory or
shops, situated a3 NEWAK, inthe State ol NB v-JLioBY, aad de”
scribed as follows, viz. BEGINNING at the north-west eorzer of Query.
et. and Morris ard E sex Ralmad-ave., thense TG.B U7 north sity ve
degrees aud fifty-tive minntes wet, 0. hundred an. Ak vi, ib iced; Wo nes
north eighty-turea degrees e1°t. ous hanu.ed «ad thi tyme fee. ani ose
loch; thes south sven des 8-3 east, Zu'-01r 3 €boi0 (L2 Loruciy
live of Quarrs=st. thence south eighty ibiee degiecs wes, gui lees ux
inches w the place of b riLuing 4
ALSO, AN ADJOINING PARCEL, BEGINNING in the north live of
Bizuth-ave. (formerly Q .rer--t.). at a point wistain e Bb us inces
from the north-west corner of E- uth-ave, and th} raul Boer
road-ave.; thence rouuing porsh seven de gr 8 wes’, igo y aise fol;
thence north eighty three negrecs east, Hfty wet; thence soul mv ude
groes east, e.ghty-nine feet othe sil Eich have; tuner akg sid
vende south, eighty-turce degrees weui, Lj ives 10 the ples of bega
ning.

Micnivery snd TOOLS in and ahoat said hui'd'nge as follows 3
Pancbiog Machiues; 3 Koli'ng Mucliues; 1Auno pb rie lamer;
Trip Hamner; Drop; 1 Pair Shears; 2 Blowers; 1 »aw; 1 Ege and
Fire 1 Pump and tvell 1 Frame jor Emery Wied; 2 Hans 0d
F.xwures; 9 Forges: Palieys, Bat 1g and Haigers; If iting; Pirsots
Faery Whee's; PFixtores ior 6 kiery Wheels; 1.73 Ih Fomor; M28
Tongs; Dis for Large Kotler; Dies Hor small Koders Dios or Poucay
ies for Drop; Puncues for ilacuiue; 1,203 ib Anvis; Seals; dLicaley
Dies for Trip frame; Swedges, Slely a, Chisels, ani blocs; Burj
Wheel Centers Nplt-ing Cutier, ani Cuiting-off Ce tr; Fo ge Grates;
Vises; Stamps and Fixtures; C.aup for Deis; 5 bata Cirealir Saws;
Pipe; a Haety Wheel; P.it-ras; Robber lio e; Full »etGratiogs
for Boller: Grin lors’ Bresas and Hacaw; P.us for open g Eres
MERCHANDISE at said vaildings or factory, as foo t steel Bam,
2d, i), 30 Ib; Steel, Dropped, buls., 3,000 Ib; Sie Doopped, hols,
LETTERS PATENT, now at Office of the Compzay, No. 156 Cham
bers-st.. New-York. fssne! cs follows:
BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. Feb. 6,163, No. 2,107,
for imrrovements im Mining Picks ani oticr ool. A Keene, Uc. 3
1566, No. 53,438, for improvement in Pick and Axcouocel Nor A,
1666, No. 60,022, for Loprovement in Dios fer tona ng the «esol Pick
axes. Jane 30, 1848, for improvement in Mac.iue for foriiyg Bresob
Pick-axes, &o.
BY THE RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT. —Nover in poscession, but sid
to be in the hinds of Charles M. K lier, Couns. lor at Low, No, 16 Mar
ray-st.. New-York, or in the vans of Pu ent Agent,
By THRE ENGLISH GOVERNMEN (,=0ct. J), 1865, No, 3756, for
improvements in the eonstraction of MM: og P cks. Ma-S, 1463, Ne
5, for improvemeats in Machivery for forming Plck-axes sud ober
two
BY THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT.—MNar 2, 1863, No. 30.774, for im
provemeats ia Machines for making Picks sul other a ticks.
Such rights of said Company 10 use CoTtaiu 1DVCUL Gn a4 Nee sequrd
by 1t under an agreement with David Blake Co., dated tue JAD of Sep
tember, 1865,
MERCHANDISE at sald Office, No. 166 Chambers-st., as follow: i)
dos. Coal Handles; 8 dos. U'1 Handled Picks; 86 2-12 doa No 00
Picks; 17 5-12 doz. Cornish Poll Picks; 3h woz 8 1 Puil; 6§ des Linh
Hoes; Sale) 2 D.sks; 7 Chairs: Bove and ~amples.
AND ALL OTHER PROPERTY aud elects of the aiid Compary of
every kind aud description, except cash, in the bunds of e sabyrive
JOEL D. HUNTER, Receiver,
New-York. Oct. 1.
filiscennancons.
BOKER® BITTERS! BOKER" BITTLRS!
Nobels should be without a bottle of
“BOKER'S BITTERS,”
since an experience of wor: than 45 years has proved them to be by far
the BEST and MOST EFFICACIOUS Stomacu Bitters, ss well 15 very
agreeabls acd [lessaat Cordial Beware of Conuier eis, azd buy only
of resjectable houses. L. FUNKE, jr., Sole Ageat,
ed
as
P. 0. Box, 1,029, CU Li epost, New-York,
K —_n w—— RF IN
JOLN rr. HENRY,
8 C 1L.LLGE-PLACR,
NEN. OIK,
jnviies the ~ttention of the trate to bis stock of
DRUGGED BUNDRLLS,
PERFUMERIES,
FINE HAIR DRU:MBS,
TOILE GUUDS, S0APS
Foreign importations just received for tie Fal tae
CHRUSTMAS CIF
FANCY CUuus IN GREAT VARIETY,
MINERAL WATERS
fom alt fhe leading spricgs in toe Unite! States, ineinling the oles
brated SARAIC GA “A” SPRING, COLCK SS DRMNG,
WILITE SULPHUR (Va), MInsiaQLOY
&e., &e,
50 CASES Now IN STOCK
PROPRIETARY MEDICINES!
Over two thousant dierent Tented es in ny caia'ogne. The lirged
stock of coi of this kind in zy one estabistment in tue worlk Loned
market prices.
Dealers are resnectlally invited tn call,
materi W ASI Lr YE a f'Ed NLL Waa WF
GLULLTAMGT LAY 6, JETTA G.
SPIT DI Tr “y te xh te J7]
HOOPING-COUGH.—A Certuin Cure fof
this discase. 1t has ot fai’ 1i0 a sing!s earn for 20 verre; pared)
harmless, Dr. WM. 0:GOOD PAGL, May ctie Jhsican, to) Lae
CHICAGO. FRE!
safely throngh the zreat conflation, the bulk of thelr
being ab Factory, in Elgin, and in vauls that were woud 8 Cer
eso. They have resumed basiness upon the sou. hi-west coc er of 6
and West Washiugion-sis., where tag are prepared to pio. y
orders from the trade, A full supply of al grades of the Elgim Weiches #8
hand, warranted to give satisizetion,
‘Two hundred thousand cojles of the Elin Almansss for 157 west
darned, together with El-ctrotspes,” at the inting House of
Page Hovae, Th: Almanacs s'a4 Tow bein? replied ia New
and will be ready for circulation esely in Deremabar,
TH NATIONAL WATVH Cx,
8. W. corner Green and W. Waskivgton sty,
CULICAGO, TLE,
0. Maiden-lsre, New-ToR
GMALL FARM in Westchester or Oma
0) County WANT! Win BACHANGE Jor HOUSE on Serontr-ul
at. RVLAND WHITING, 5 Bockmardt
VWESTEES LANDS—Large PLOT, inom
boy WANTPD in BXCHANGE for FARM end CONTE
RESIDENCE, meat this city. KULAND WHITING, Loskmt®
up Property to Rel.
RA dxoAD “and THEATER OFFICE od
SRWS STAND to RENT, at Sturtevant House
ig aty-eighth and Tweoty-ninth-sts, Possession ven Nov. L
LEWIS GEO. 8, LE ed
"jo. LET—A beautiful and commodious bt
DWELLING, 435 minutes from New- York. ome half
de. ot. on the live of the Central B. R. of N. J, to 8 perma. by
eajital, well qualified to keen a gente oearding -hoase oa a larg?
Apply to A, D. HOPE, 119 L berty
Ree
FPHIRTY-FIFTH-ST., near Fifth-ave, or
t yn 100 foc, to fk r, ety fron papal
Inaderaie tout, V. K. STEVENSON SON, Ll Pinest. __ee
T° LEASE—PROPERTY on Twelfth-gh, 5
3 Ha Thora he large Je for Phi sas 1! OLB.
sion. Apply to Shy No, 64 Broadway, Room M4, from Rwips
TOR RENT—Elegant brown-stone
as
K EN hy Brooklyn; complete ei w
OR
on oom parlors Lrescood
FLETCHER. 200 Mastaree st prs LR
er
SHIPPING INTELLIC Ew
PORT OF NEW-TORK
‘Gales tn Anrie
ap
da a ae et ded et ghia sib
aA Moepawie Arot onset
THonses and Forms Wanted.
Titn Vropertn to Lek.
Brookinn Brovertn to Let.