Amnarments. ctr. This ESvemng.
REY YS LL sear we
Acapmey oF Music—At 1}, Italian Opera: “Faust.”
le
Boori’s THrATER.—A$ 14: “The Lady of Lyons.”
410: “Hamel.” Edwin Booth
Fieri AVENUE THEATER. At 1} and at 8: “Di
voree.”
Graxp Orrra House~At2andat 8: The Streets
of New-York.” Maye
faxa Epwiv's Trearer.~At 2 and at 8: Opera
Bouffe: Le Pout Des Boupire” Mlle. Aimee,
Ni18LO'8 GARDEN.~* Our American Cousin,” Soth
oe,
Orympric THEATER. At 1} and at 8: Humpty
Demptg.” G. Ls Fox.
UNION-SQUARE THEATER,—At 2} and at 8: Variety
Company.
WAI LACK'S THEATFR.—AS 1}: “Rosedale.” At 8:
Joba Garth.” Lester Wallick.
STRINwAY FAvL.—At 1}: Santley Matinée. At 8:
Concert Mies Sterling,
SAN Fraxcisco MixsTrELS.—Birch, Wambold, ete.
Emre Rixx, —P. T. Barnnm’s Museum, Men
agenie, Hippodrome, and Circus. Day and Night,
NEw-Yonk Cirevs, Fourteenth-st., between Third
end Fourth-aves.. at 2f ani at 8, G
CiIRAA YAY FIAT AT4A0 43 VAUMEIL) Jd
Concert Mies Sterbing,
SAN Francisco MixsTrELS.—DBirch, Wambold, ete.
smpme Rink, —P. T. Barnnm’s Museum, Men
agenie, Hippodrome, and Circus. Day and Night,
NEw-York Ciners, Fourteenth-st., between Third
end Mourth-aves.. at 2§ ani ats,
Business Notices.
ee A ASA AAS ASS
Bexepicr Bros,
171 Broadway.
Great bergaine a
Disnoxpa,
Tixe WaiCHRS,
ad
aL Ryu izwruy, Cy
Tie LEADING JOURNAL OF Britisit NORTII
AMERICA—
Tur Cone, Torosto, CANADA
Creation 0f 15IF ci iirnrssansscessssenssnnsss 29,000
Cirealatioa of Veehlfuriiiteriireninrcasssnneec 33,000
Ageots for the Uuited States,
SN. Peirexan Co,
Newspaper A Ivertindog Ageuts,
7 Pa 1herow, New-Vok

CINWAY AND So hy
Givasitr, So Care, anh Lente Panes,
OM Panos taken i exch Hlastooled Calslogues seat [ree on
af plicat.on,
Wanennowe, Soyiveay avn,
106 nd [RES it Faicteeuth st N y:
THY Piescnts ol aflection “and chai,
for wile, motu 7, sawr, aod friend,
Wautcnin Wigox's SEWiNG-2ACUINS,
ee No. C2 Proadwar. ee.
Cotte A medicingd preparadion ia the
Corn ofa lovee is the most convenient. Brown's BRONCHIAL TROCHES
allay irritstiea which induers coughing, giving relief in Pronchitis,
Perens Tufivec=s, Conamptive ay d Astlimat ie rouplaints.
Poarsure, WiNpow Vr NTILATOR, MANE:
€or le cheer, wtey)  Frodd ai wo orafis Oty roy winioa,
vale
Pico, ne. Nu F i. UM wir Co, Bo Duane ot.
ireir MANTELS, MONUMENTS, Fro oon
Ti anny Panny, laaufaeturer sud Importer, wareicoms,
$0090 Lon th sve. whem Macsle Works. 124, 423, 14 Fad Lida
Peautifid Bovine hair for the Lolid ay
Claw rea Tes HR restores kray air, stops dis alin
ont vevin es Hs growt’, Recowner ed by pls ect fs
ERY
BATCHELOR S 4" I ‘B.—1The best 'n the
would, busteriare ons Baines, perfect. Applied at Factory, No. 1
Pera
Yeversnhire,
Fv n=O0TAVE Diane: &250 cash, for
the. dase Panow sud Organs to rent. sid rent allowed on the pur
Hox: ce Warexs, 45 Broadway,
Clave
Cerone cot s CAsnMERE BOUQUET,
for the Holisay: Ee
NIE ALTE ALMER LaMes,
on) w Yoo Led Coestuutst, Plaag 31 Gresa-at, Poston,
HEE Pu HE 1,6 232 Iv BexeviTs 170 POLICY
Jioinmi as. i wveiens hire AND Accivent Inscuasce Co.
Woon UAL PLEinG, 45 Broapway.—-New and
elegant (omnia a Saud, Woon i iLoous from 24e. per foot.
We ding ard Ball Cards, Monograms, elegant
Loew, Bele pager, ori of duneing bud bedges, ee, «Jus Evenlell, 2 Bway.
Tue Repzyrrion or 5-20 Boxps
Ly Toe Govenyuext
of whlch a second installment of $20,000,000 bes been called su for
garment io March next—ls rapldly going or, ruiessing a large amount of
{avested capi al, 8 large proportion of which must seek rcinvestivent in
sobisantial securilles
We off 'r end recommend the Bix pir Crxt Goud Doxpds or THE
CrrsArzaxs Ax0 Ou:0 BAILRoAD COMPANY as among the BAFLST AND
MOST DESIRANLE SECURITIES TO BE HAD LY THB MARKET POL THE
SECURE INVESTMENT OF CAPITAL.
A small proportion only of the loan now rema'ns unsold, and the rejn
vestment of the proceeds of redeemed Fire-Twenties should absord them
within a short time,
Present price, 04 and secrned interest.
Tutesest snd principal paysble in god in New-York City. Interest May
1 and Nov. L Devomivatious, $1,000, $508, and $100, coupon or
ecgistored.
The popa'srity of, and demaxd for, the CrxTRAL Pacwnic C PER CENT
Gov Boos, originally pat on the market by us, and now in demand st
from J to 4 per cent premium, afords an illastration of the HIGH STAND
ING WRICH THIS CLASS OF BONDS, AXPLY SECURED ON WELL-MANAGED
axp propucTivE TrUSK Lives or RAILROAD, MUST ALWAYS
MAINTAIN,
We bey and sel), as asmal, Governmeut and CexTRAL PACINC Boxbps,
and receive them in exebange for Cxsarraxs AND Oiio Bonds. Ac
counts of Banks, Bankers, aad ofbers received, on which we allow in
terest. Orders for luvestment Stocks and Bonds executed st the Stock
Exchange. Fisx Haron.
Harvey Fs
A. Harce.
TEEMS OF THE TLIBUNE.
A
Dany Trius, Mail Subscribers, £10 per annum.
Spa1-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $4 per an.
WEEKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $2 per annum.
Advertising Rates.
Dairy TRIBUNE, 80¢c., 40c., 50¢., Tic., and $1 per line.
RKEMI-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, &5 and 50 cents per line.
WEEKLY TRIBUNE, $2, £3, and 4d, line,
According to position in the paper.
Terms, cash in advance.
Address. TRE TRIBUNE. New-York.
New Dork Daily Tribune.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1871.
TRIPLE SHEET.
i
The Prince of Wales continues te improve, though he is
not yet pronounced out of danger. The Govern
ment of Holland has ratified the treaty transferring the
I-Jand of Bumatra to Great Britain. President
Thiers addressed a committee of the Assembly in favor
of removing that body to Parle. Tle Grand Duke
wii leave Canada for Chicago on Friday.
T——————————
The Benate was not in session yesterday, and the pro
ceedings of the House were unimportant. The new
Attorney-General was seremaded in Washington last
evening. Ware, the murderer, was banged iu Cam
den, N. J., yesterday. Eignt incLes of suow fell at
Lichmond, Va. k 5
The Grand Jury bas found tho cients for misde
meanor against Richard B. "8nd two or more
indictments for felouy against ho. 4. Tweed, who was
arrested and locked up né the tan Hotel,
Gen. Bickles has heen retained as cou ‘Bpghish
Lolders of Erte stock. A fife 1 ion od
£40,000 damage. s==t= (Gold, 100}, 100], 108}. Thermom
cler, 24°, 9°, 23°. i a»
4
The ionumerable multitude of people who
are seeking for all is fair, yr rare
in holiday gifts, wil) 's. mafgjdirectory on
the fifth pege-of Tae Tagpune fovdgy. “1

Col. A. K. McClure .of Philadelphia having
been sugzested ns  pladidage for the vacant
peat in the Pennsylvania Senate, was eimllenped
Vy Ue Gormentown Telegraph to declare hitesel!
ol the Prag dendia) question, ‘and oes so in a
3 Yep Sd hn ARLE” SHEET,
ihe,
oy
letter of remarkable ¢orseness sad cogeacy
which we print herewith as a part of the his:
tory of the times.
er,
Theo extracts which Mr. Bayard Taylor fur
nishes us from an unpublished work of Long
fellow’s, conuected with the one just issued,
lead a special interest to the eighth page of
to-dav's TRIBUNE.
The National Wool-Growers' Association
will meet at noon on the 20th inst, ot Syra
cuse, to consider and act upon proposed
changes in the Tariff on Wool and Woelens.
We trust the Wool intercst will bo fairly
represented
Tt is pretty clearly defined in the cable dis
patches last reccived from London that the
recovery of the Prince of Wales is certain.
We are sure that wherever this announcement
goes throughout this Republic it will awaken a
feeling of satisfaction and relief. Whatever
political issues may be involved in this ter
mination of the long suspense, it is certain
that the mass of the British people will be
thankful in the escape of the Heir Apparent
from death
An occasional correspondent of THE TRIBUNE
gives in an interesting letter, herewith pub
lished, some points touching the proposed
policy of the new Chancollor of the Austro
linngarian monarchy. The same correspond
ent indulges in some ratiocinations concerning
the threatened peace of Europe, which, for the
sake of civilization, we hopo are unfounded,
thongh le gives sundry curious faets which
point to preparations for a war between Russia
amel Anstria
It Las just been discovered that the Govern
ment owns no less than tweniy-cight arsenals
in different parta of the United States, and
really wants none of them. The most natural
(hing to do would be to sell them forthwith,
Lut the game local pride which indneed Con
gression to worry the Government into build
ing them will be in arms to prevent their being
dismantled and gold. In these days of quick
aud fuelle railway corupunication between all
paris of the country, the old <opol system Las
Lceoaae obsolete.

€onth Carelina has reached the leritimata
result of an extravagant and dishonest admin
ictration—repudiation. Ii is now couvsidered a
foregone corclusion that the interest on the
State bonds falling due on January 1, 1872,
will be suepended. Tor the sale of South
Carolina credit, we hope that this rgpudiaiion
will be orly tcraporary, aud that all obliga
tions will he cared for honestly and houor
ably, Tut the ctatement that there bas been
aa over-izane of two million bonds, which
coniirms {hae previously made in Tor Tran
UNE, i8 not a geod indication of financial
Leaith
I
The speeer of the newly-appointed Attorney
General, the Hon. George 11. Williams, not
only gratified Lis fellow-citizers of the Pacific
States who conrratalated him, but it will atisfy
every patriotic man who reads it. The policy
of the new chief of the Department of
Justice, as indicated in his remarks, will be
rtatcsmanlike and dignified. We are glad to
learn that be has no partisan ideas respecting
the progecuiion and exposure of corrupt men
in office, at all hazards. How Conkling Co.
must regret that they were betrayed into con
firmine him!
Two disputants, from opposite points of view,
discuss the Mormon diflicalty in 1'nr TRIBUNE
this morning. Wo allow considerable latitude
to both writers, and invite the attention of
fair-minded men to the controversy as Lere
with handled. It is noticeable, however, that
the defender of the faith as delivered to the
Latter Day Saints admits that polygamy is
doomed, while the assailant of the Bormon
system much more positively asserts that all
good Mormons must believe that this particu
lar article of their creed is bound to universal
acceptance. In this last argument thers is
much foree; if the Mormons ore sincere in
their faith, why should they noi believe tht
it will ulumately become tit of the whole
ward
The obs‘ructive policy of the proAdmiris
{ration Scuators was again excmplified yester
day by the tardy passage in eaucus of the res
olution for an Investigation Committee, This
Committee is to be one of those which is de
signed to keep the word of promise to the ear
and break it to the hope. It has no special
powers to make it useful, were its members
inclined to be useful in their sphere; and, lest
there might be some fractious Senator who
would insist on satisfying the country that the
Administration is not dodging investigation,
not a man (except Demoeratic Bayard) who
voted for the Trumbull resolution is put
on the Committee. This is examination with
the examiners and the power of cxamining
alike carefully climinated beforehand. But
nobody will be deceived by such child's play
as this, and we warn the weak gentlemen
who put forward this pitiful piece of business
that they have, within five days, done more
to bring the Administration into distvpute
with the country than ean be redeemed by a
whole year of conscientions and honest dealing
with public questions. Men will ask, “What
“are they concealing? We do not believe
there is anything that can be concealed, but
the people will think that this obstinate
resistance to free inquiry is inspired by cow
ardice. We again beseech the President to
clear his skirts of it.
The return of Gen. Sickles, in which im
aginative reporters have found evidenee of
impending war with Spain, is known to have
a less threatening although belligerent purpose.
Gen. Sickles Las becn retained by a
new combination of the English stock
holders of Erie, acting in conjunc
tion with the McHenry party of the
Atlantic and Great Western, for the purpose
of prosecuting their claims against the Erie
Directory. Meantime the linos contract closer
and closer from all directiong, about this
doomed stronghold of robbery. Yesterday the
conspirators were obliged to give up 47,202
out of the (0,000 English shares
which they substantially confiscated, and
it will not be long ¢ill the rest are fortheom
ing. From the day Tammany fcH it was
known to those who “best understood the se
crets of Erie's strength that it also was
doomed. Even they, however, scarcely real
J how intimate was' the comnection which
the autograph: letters of the discarded Fisk to
BR Mansfield disclose. ‘he “dougbly
Colonel will have oecasion to ory out
opninst the pleasant, vices which ‘Are mow
tude justruments to esourge Lim witha), Phe
soar now long TEs “been Watomih oily Oia

i
44h Ser uhgp hight places, and'we MAY
‘lely hope that with the opesing months of
the New Year will be seen the finsl downfall
of that most remarkable conspirsey, which
first stole a railroad, and hds ever singe been
defiantly insulting the owners, whom it oon
tinued to plunder.
NEW-YoRK BAILY
SE
Mr. Wm. M. Tweed was yesterday ar
rested, on an indictment of felony, found by
the Grand Jury, and will to-day be brought
before Recorder Hackett, for ball or commit
ment. The action thus briefly announced may
be accepted as one of the most important
steps yet taken to hasten the downfall of the
Ring, and as presaging even more startling
developments (with other arrests to come),
than any shat have yet marked the brilliant
campaign against tho thieves that have
ruled and robbed us. A bill has
likewise been found against Controller
Connolly, for misdemeanor in office, and the
warrant for arrest in this is issued, to pro
vide against any possibility of his release on
bail from his present confinement. And even
with this the Grand Jury has not finished its
refreshing work.
T0 EELSO AND GARVIN, GREETING.

One of the disadvantages of an energetic and
independent Press is that the officers of the
law rely too much upon it to be informed of
‘their duty. They seem to think that, as long
as tho Press is silent, they are not responsible
for nny derelictions. Our police authorities did
pot think it worth while to attack those infa
mous nurseiies of robbery and murder, the
keno and panel-houses, until Tee TRIBUNE
Lad exposed to the disgusted gaze of the city
all their revolting features. No movement was
made by the merchants to rid themselves of
the thicving harbor pirates, until Tne TRIBUNE
had put their wrongs into print. The Bar
seemed as patient as sheep under the infliction
of the Gratzes, until they saw in these col
umns how vulgar and despicable this judicial
knavery really is, and how easy it will be to
overthrow it by public and combined action.
Nothing can excuse our police authorities for
i~norance or neglect of their dutics, But it
is not in our power to change them, and the
one redeeming quality they have shown is
teachobleness, When we led them to the
doors of the keno and panel-houses they did
grab their clubs and go in, and for tho scr
vice thus dome they deserve the proper
credit. We have waited long enough for
them to attack another gross and glaring
infamy. We have taken the matter in hand.
We have employed the reporters of Tue
TrisuNE to do the work the police are paid
to do. We present this morning the result
We tell the police, and the City, and the
apathetic decent people who are too indolent
to vindicate their own interests, how this im
moense town is honey-combed with the open
mouths of gambling-hells.
This is not a matter to read, to pass over,
ant forget. Let every man of lLusiness carry
these figures in his miuvd, think of them five
minutes 28 he goes to his oflice this moruing,
and sce what wide-spread consequences flow
from the facts they represent. Thero are 200
gembling-houscs in active operation in this
city, in which at least 2,600 persons of bad
character and criminal lives are directly in
terested. Robbers presuppose victims, Wolves
do not us a general rule eat each other. It is
not casy to compute how many green country
men, desperate small speculators, vicious shop
boys, and idle youths of good incomes, are
necessary to the support of this ravenous
horde of beasts of prey. At least half the
money that goes into a gamblers strong box
is dishonestly gained, and every dollar of the
other half takes with it inevitably somo por
tion ot tho moral ‘integrity of tho man who
loses it.
It may be thought the decline in prosperity
which 18 indicated in most of the dens we
mention is an encouraging symptom. But it
capnot be so regarded at this moment. It is
true that the disasters of Tammany have had
their effect upon the crowd of its dissolute and
criminal retainers. The Americus Club badges
in the jewelry shops are not a surer proof of
this than the diminished profits of the gam
blers. But while these dens remain, they con
tinue malignant ulcers, dangerous to the public
health, Highway robbery and burglary are
the next resort for men who find the easier
fruits of swindling falling short. The
houses must be promptly and thoroughly
broken up before we can expect the gamblers
to be driven out of the city or into
other pursuits, It may not be possible to erad
icate entirely so deeply-rooted a vice. But it
should and can be made furtive and infamous.
The dens where it is practiced can be made
rare and secret like the holes of wild beasts.
They can be rendered hard to find and dis
reputable to enter. The *“cappers” and run
ners can be driven from pablic places. The
leering ruffians with red eyelids and dyed
moustaches can be ordered off the sidewalks,
which they deform and obstruct, like any other
anwholesome rubbish, And this we call on
Superintendent Kelso to do!
Qur former appeal to him was not entirely
fruitless. He acted with some energy and
promptness. It was not his foult that maoy
of the scoundrels he arrested are not now
hammering stone in a jail-yard. It is to our
corrupt and depraved judicial system that the
blame of their escape is to be ascribed. The
District- Attorneys are always recreant to their
duty in such matters, The absolute and prof
itable power which they exercise over our
thieves and rogues wenld be greatly weak
ened, if mot entirely lost, if they should do
what the law commands them. These rogues
are {heir captains of tps. The habitués
of these resorts are their repeaters. These
dens are the headquarters of their Ring bullies
and ballot-stuffers.. There is bul one way to
cure this criminal subservience to crime.
Muke the District-Attoruey more afraid of the
law than he is’ of the law-breaker, and the
wotk is done. The time is favorable for a
trial of strength between these forces, Let
Chief Kelso do bis duty, and then let us see
if the Distriot-Attorney dares flinch from
“his
3
Vr I
Wa have raeaived fram $ren nial ida:
a
We have reeeived, from two soupees, copies
of the advertising circulars of Maryland
newspaper, seat through the mails esi 1X
frask of Mr. BR H. Duell, Member of Con
dagn) District of New-York. We do n't know
whether Mr, Duel! considers it's part oF. Bis
pricial Pusigens to’ Soli} vn for, village
cditors at the cxpense of tlie United’!
that Ra JBN iiiiG p fr
whicl: his M! 0 PAY, Bi
ah fy in Hb (ERA RHE PRY 2068
on) people Will cold tb ‘quspest, whenever a
Cobgrossman is praised by the country pros,
that the editor gets his postage for nothing.

TRE WHIG DOCTRINE OF ONE PRESI
DENTIAL TERM.
Te the Bditor of The Pridume.
Biz: If not ereroaching too much oh your
time, T shéuld pe very thankful for s reply to this quos
tion—*' What 15 the good ol8 WAlg dosirine of One Prest
dential Term "The question is being agitated smoug
us, sud any light upon 6 will be thankrully received
Yours, A. RioKETTS.
Ann Arbor, Mich.
time, RF SHOE PU YOLY Wimmer 108 WANN vr a ag
tion—*' What 15 the good ol8 WAlg dosirine of One Pres
dential Term "The question is being agitated smoug
us, aud any light upon it will be thankrully received
Yours, A. RicKETTS.
Ann Arbor, Mich.
Response by The Tribune.
If our correspondent has understood us as
teaching that Whigs only upheld the One
Term principle, he mistook us. We have al
ready quoted extensively from Gen. Jackson,
George McDuffie, and other eminent Demo
orats, in favor of that principle. We believe
no other disputed proposition ever received
such general assent from the experienced and
eminent statesmen of our country, without
distinction of party, as this—1t is not right that
ang one, while wielding the vast power and pa
frenage of ithe Presidency, shall be a candidate
for that or any other office. That this was
Gen. Grant's opinion, prior to his election in
1868, we have conclusive proof. But our friend
asks with regard to “the Whiy doctrine,” and
we answer accordingly,
iw first. Whig National Convention ever
bald assembled at Harrisburg, Pa., early in
December; 1839, and was attended by the
most eminent and honored chiefs of that
party. Eight of its Vice-Presidents had been
Governors of their respective States, while a
large proportion were or had been Embassa
dors, Senators, Representatives in Congress,
&c. This Convention nominated Gen. Wm.
Henry Harrison of Ohio for President, with
John Tyler of Virginia for Vice-President.
It framed no “platform” (as the modern
term is); but the convictions of the party
were so fired and well known that Gen. Har
rison, in accepting its nomination for Presi
dent, placed himsclf squarely on record as
follows
“I deem it proper at this time to renow thio assurances,
heretofore frequenty made, that, should I be elected to
tle I'residency, I will under no circumstances corscnut
to be a candidate for a second term.”
In this letter of acceptance, Gen. Horrison
refers for a fuller exnosition of his principles
to one he had some time before written {o
the Ion. Harmar Denny of Pittsburgh, Pa.
In that letter, he says:
Among the principles proper to be adopted by any
Executivo sinocrely desiring to restore thu Adminisira
tion to its original slmplicity and purity, deem (uo fol
lowing of importanoe
“I, To eonfine his scrvices to a single lerm.”
Again, in his speech at Dayton, Olio, Sept.
10, 1840, Gen. Harrison said
If the privilege of being President of the United Stulss
had been limited to one term, the inoumbent would de nls
all his time to the public interest, and there would be no
cause to misrule the country. 1 shall not unimadvert on
the conduct of the present Administration, lest you may,
in that case, conceive that I am aiming at the Presi
dency, to uso it for selfish purposes, I should be an in
terested witness if I entered into that subject. Butl
pledge myself before Ieaven and Earth, if elected
President of the United States, to lay down at th: end of
the term, faithfully, that high trust at the feet of the
People.”
Henry Cray declared himself to the same
effect, not once only, but repeatedly, persist
ently. In his speech to the compunions of
his childhood, at Taylorsville, llanover Co.,
Va., June 27, 1840, be said:
“With a view, therefore, to tho fundamental charaster
of the Government itself, and especially of tlie Executive
branch, it scems to me that, etther by amendwents of the
Constitution when they are neccessary, ¢r by remedial
legislation, when the objeot falls withia the scope of the
powers of Congress, there should be,
“1st. A provision to render a person ineligible to the
office of President of the United States after a scrvico of
one term.

“Much observation and deliberate reflection have satis
fied me that too :tanch of the time, tho thoughts, and tho
exertions, of the incumbent, are occupied during the first
term in sccuring his rcélaction. The public busiuess,
consequently, suffers: and measures aco proposed or
exccuted with less regard to the general prosperity than
to their influence upon the approacbing election. 1f tne
liimatation to one term existed, the Presidcut would be
exclusively devoted to the discharge of his public duties
and he would endeavor to signalize his administration
by the beneficenco and wisdom of its measurcs.”
—DBut this, some will say, was while a polit
ical opponent was President, and he wanted
to defeat lis reélection, But Mr. Clay held to
the principle aller Van Durcu's defeat as
firmly as before. Witness the following letter:
ASHLAND, Sept. 13, 1812,
“DrAr Bir: I received your favor, communicating
tho patrictic purposes and views of the young men of
Philadelphia, and I take pleasure, in compliance with
your request, in stating some of tho principal objects
which, I suppose, eng:go tho common desire and the
common excrtion of the Whig party to bring about, in
tho Government of the United States. These are:
A sound National Currency, regulated by the will and
authority of the nation.
An adequate Revenue, with fair Protection to Amer
ican Industry.
Just restraints on the Executive, embracing a further
restriction on the exercise of the Velo.
A faithful administration of the Public Domaln, with
an Equitable Distribution of the procecds of the sales of
it among the States.
An Honest and Economical adminiscration of the
General Government, leaving Publlc Officers perfect
freedom of thought, and of the Right of Suffrage; but
with suitable Restraints against Improper Interference
in Elcotlons.
An amendment of the Constitution, limiting the in
cumbent of the Presidential «fice lo a Single Term,
“These objects attained, I think that we should cease
to be afflicted with bad administration of the Govern
went. Iam respectfully your friend and ob’'t servant,
Mr. Jacob Btrattou, HENRY CLAY.”
The second Whig National Convention as
sembled in Baltimore May 1, 1844—John M,
Clayton of Delaware presiding—and wnani
mously nominated HeNry Cray for President.
te Ad
Theodore Frelinghuysen was nominated for
Vice-President. That Convention, with one
voice,
Resolred, That in presenting to the country the names
of Hoeory Clay for President, and Theodore Freling
buysen for Vice-President, this Convention {8 actuated
mously nominated HeNry Cray for President.
Theodore Frelinghuysen was nominated for
Vice-President. That Convention, with one
voice,
Resolved, That in presenting to the country the names
of Henry Clay for President, and Theodore Frcling
huysen for Vice-President, this Convention is actuated
br the conviction that all the great principles of the
Whig party—principles inseparable from the public
honor and prosperity—will be maintained and advanced
by the election of those candidates,
Resolved, That these principles may bo summed np
as comprisisg a wellrogulated national currency—a
Tarlff for revenue to defray the necessary expenses of
the Government, and discriminating with special refer
ence to the proteetion of the domestic Inbor of tho coun
try—the distribution of the procceds from the sales of
the public lands—a single term for (he Presidency~a ro
for of Executive usurpations—apd generally such an
adwinistration of the affairs of the ¢ountry, aa shall in.
part to every branch of the publjo scryice the greatest
practicable efficiency, controlled by a well-regulatod ana
wise economy.” vs ABAKA
At a great mags meeting of Whizs heldiin
Monumeat-square that evenisg, and addressed
by DaxNizr 'Wessrer- and‘ Dilie x was
Resolved, That the ptattical restriction of oto
powe# Witch Fis grown 5 tépbuted ncroadhioshte Ito
mighty engine of Executive Despotistt, tAs Mmiuiiton
&f a President to a single term, thE Tétrénphmont of gus
matipial éxpeiiditiies by evéry pha tioable on pd
of the now glaring he Ha 3
ing but of an unworthy besteWs! cutive
andl the general yogi of rtrd horas of
be! resulting to peop m'the existence and
A tions of the Welter Gdverrtheht, dhe pt, or
bh the Whig party $i! shibbabiv hibaiiihi their
WH Sai WB of it Hi beEey.
ulin tho 12th 81.5 Dh
sanfl—assem n Young Men's Convention

#t| Syracuse. Nearly all the’ eminent #md
honorsd Whigs of the, State; wero there, with
Gdn. James Wilson of N..H. and many more
Staten outsiders. The Hon. Francis’
G ope presided. The Address was reported
by Horace Greeley, and enthusiastically re
J Pity thousand of your brothren, this dey sssenbled
{n Convention at Byracuse, respectfully submit to yous
to.
4
ary of tho consideratinns which induce them to
opposé the reflection of Martq Van Buren to the Presi
depcy of the United Btates. They ask you, as Freomen
soil Brothers, having common iaterest ig tho welfare
of out cOmmdN dbidhitry, to give thiosd Whilderations that
walght to which your enlightened judgruent shall dcem
them entitled. They ask you, if you deam them vahd,
to unite your efforts with ours in rendering thai opposi
tion triumphant and effective.
“We oppose the reflection of Martin Van Buren, because
wé beliove oxperience bas demonstrated that the
refligibility of President while in ofiice 1s calculated to
fmpair his usefulness, pervert his talents, and alarw
ingly increase the power and influence of his etation.

"An office-secking President, unless his be ope of those
rare charaetera which rises above personal and party
coprideratiovs, must always exert fatal influence
“ovr the frecdom of political opinton and action among
the thousands wbo hold lucrative places subject to his
pleasure. Uratitnde for past favor, the fear of instant
diaplacenuent, end the hope of future advancement, will
inevitably combice the great mass of Federal office
holders into a drilled cohort vf Executive upholders—
“u Praetorian band of apologists apd ddvocates of the
great Dispenser of Patronage and his measures. No
matter how flagrant may be the nsurpatron he commits
or tho abuse ho connives at, he is sure of at least one
“ardent champion in every village—of hundreds ln every
principal city, and of thousands coustantly traversing
the whole length of thé country and mingling undistin
guished with its citizens. The history of the lust ten
‘years abundantly and strikingly {llustrates this truth,
Tids advantage given to power In every colligton with
oppoging public sentiment, is too strong for the purity if
“pot for tle perpetuity of Republican fnstitutions. Long
Loforo that menetrons political code which regards the
trusts of the People as tho ‘Spoils of the Vanguisued’
and tho booty of the Victors in our party contests bad
Leen matured and promulgated, this danger to our Lib
erties hod attracted the anxious regard of our Country’s
most cherishod Statesmen and Patriots. Mr, Jefferson,
ore than fifly years ago, pronounced the reéligibility
of tho Preddent a fatal defect jn our system, Gon.
Jackson yas elected to tho Chie? Maglatriey under
strong promises and pledgea on tho part of his friends,
with an earnest desire and expectation on that of the
People, that Le would ectobdlish the great principle for
which we are now contending, Ilo failed to satisfy that
expectation, howover, and tho evil which was once
theoretical and distant, 13 now alarmingly practical agd
juaninent, Dug happily the REMsbY is at hand, Tho
People have now the eassuranco of ono who never do
ceived or betrayed them that a verdict now given agaimst
Presidential oiice-secking elall be rendered ctlectual
and Lnal”
~The doc'rine thus enunciated came from
the heart, The writer believed it then with
all Lis soul, and of course believes it still.
Some who once professed faith in it have
fallen away; bnt he has scen no reason to
swerve from the position thus deliberately
token. Ie misht quote from hundreds more
in support ef its coircetness, but prefers that
fhe truth shall bear its own weight rather
than Le bolstered up by a wilderness of an
thoritics. Was he right in 18107 If he was,
ho is not wien now.
While the authorities at Havana are asking
18 to believe that threo thousand of the most
“influential insurgents have united in humble
protestation of sorrow for their rebellion, grati
tudo for the vistoration of Spanish rule, and
admiration of the soldierly virtues of Valma
sed, we have a terrible description of what
the Spanish rulo really is, from the pen of a
lady who passed two years within the insur
gent lines, Mrs, Linaces tells the awful story
with an carncst simplicity more impressive
than rassionate denunciation.  Accustomed as
wo are to narratives of barbarity in Cuba, this
picture of the massacro of women, chil
dren, and helpless invalids is enough
to make us sland oghast. Savages never
showed more barbarity than the Vol
untcers of the unfortunate island. The
pioneers of the Indian wilderness never
suffered worse tortures than the wretched non
combatants whom Spanish soldiers found
within the insurgent lines, Men were bay
oneted and hacked to death under tho eyes of
their wives and children. Prizoners were
butchered to rave the troublo of transporta
tion. In one place seven women and five
children were decapitated. In another a wo
man was chopped to pieces with her aew-born
child, Four men who had taken no part in
the insurrection were crucified, wearing crowns
of thorns. A young man dying of consump
tion was carricd out of tho house in a chair
and shot through the head, the bullet entering
the body of his mother, Ile was the last of
five brothers, all massacred by the Volunteers.
Two ladies, with four children, were cut to
picces, and a fifth child, two years of age,
was thrown alive into their burning house.
A young lady, suspected of carrying letters to
the insurgents, waa first searched and then
ordered to pass in rcview before the Governor
of Puerto Principe and a number of his ofli
cers, with nothing on ler person but a single
undergarment.
For outrages such as thesc—and they are
only specimens of a long series—thero is no
forgiveness. The Volunteers may crush out
the insurrcction; but it will only be by making
the insurgent district a desert, and putting the
whole patriot population to the sword. If
peace ever should be built upon the founda
tion of these villainies, it would be a shame
and a misfortune to the civilized world. Hu
manity blushes that such deeds should be done
under the flag of a power which calls itself
one of the family of nations; and the question
day after day recurs, whether it may not be
the duty of Christendom to interfere and stop
a butchery which is not war but murder. We
cannot stand idly by while a fair island is
overran by barbarism. There is a point at
which it may be our moral obligation to stay
the murderers’ hand. Hus not the time al
most come
THE COTTON-BONDHOILDFE RS.
The claims of the British holders of Con
federate Cotton Bonde, about which we have
heard so much from Gen. Butler and others,
have been set at rest by the action of the
Joiut Commissioners at Washington, appointed
under the XI1Ith Article of the Treaty. The
test ‘case was ‘the claim of a British subject
named Edward Albert Barrett, who held a
bond of the par value of £200, and urged that
the United’ Statce, having seized the cotton
bypothecated by the Confederacy to seento the
payment of the loan, had become responsiblo
for the amount of the bonds and acerued int®r
The answer of the United States, through
td counsel, My. Robert 8. Hale, deals with
the general principle of, liability for the debts
of the Confedaracy, and does not enter upon

le, many technical and other considerations
‘Which claims of ‘Shis mature might have
been! exthitded. My, Hide ‘showed that 'the
ty limits the claims adjustable by this Com
igion to these “utising” out of nets eom
“mitted against the petsors: or rty” of
eftipe mh" oF ‘Hifi octs df the’ ono sobisy by the
ipterpmant of the, alban, ay "arene. found
i iin, Ho lh abusialleite the
accompanying protocols, that the nets in ques
CUBA
tin were thus confined to-the class of wrongs
toehnitally known as “torts.” This would avé
o contract entered into by a lomrina
organization In Violation of the laws o!
United States. The claimants theory that the
confiscated cotton, having been hypothecated
to secure the loan, belonged not to the Con
federacy but to ‘the foreign bondholders, and
that its seizure was therefore ome of the
“gots committed against the property of sub-
“jects of her Britannic Majesty” to which
Article XII. of the Treaty refers, was shown
to be misrepresentation, and the claim was
exposed in its true character as an allegation
that the United States in succcedipg to the
assots of tho defunct Confederacy had also
succeeded to its liabilities and become respoa
sible for its debts.

ow gt wR BREN RR as 8
Mr. Hale did not find it necessary to inquire
‘how far a government should be held answer
‘able for the obligations contracted by an in
surrectionary organization within its territory,
‘because it was apparent that the framer of
the Treaty had no intention of submitting this
‘point to arbitration. The Constitution of the
United States expressly prohibits the payment
‘of the Confederate debt; and it was incon
ecivable that the negotiators on our side
shoutd have authorized a board of international
commissioners to nullify, if they saw fit, the
fundamental law of the land, which every
United States officer is bound by his cath of
office to obey aa paramount to any treaty or
gtatute whatever. Moreover, there was abund
ant reason to belicve that, the language of the
Treaty was chosen expressly to exclude this
class of claims, and was so understood by both
parties.
re
.o

The Mized Commission hea accepted this
view of thc¥ease fully, aud bolds, as it ap
pears from the tclegraphic synopsis of the
opinion, 1. That the United States isa nos
Liable for the Confederate debts; 2. Thas
creditors of the Rebel Government voluntarily
assumed tho risk of failure; 3. That the hy
pothecated cotlon at tho time of its seizere
was not the property of the bondholders; and,
4. That the 1izht of the Uniled States to
scize the property of tho defunct Confederacy
is paramount to any claim of the creditors to
be reimbursed out of the assets. A decision
to this effect was generally expected in this
country, and anticipated to some extent in
England also; but the announcement will be
received with great interest, not merely for
the purport of the judgment, but for the
grounds upon which it is based. A very er
tensive class of British claims, which some of
our professional alarmists have long regarded
with sinking bearts, may row be cousidered
disposed of forever,
Some German members of the International Asso
ciation have just promulzated a theory which is
certainly something new under the sun. They lay
down as an axiom that individual ambition at once
rules and holds back Humanity. Philanthropists
and reformers arc not, they assert, as has boen sup
posed, actuated by any consideralion for the woll
being of others, but are all en masse throwing up
their caps with Alexander Smith to “win tho look
of Fame,” that impenetrable old sphinx “staring
rizht on with calm eternal eyes.” To put an end
to this and root out at ounce all motives of sollish
pess from the human breast, our Gorman fricwds
propose to abolish names, national or family, now
and forever. Franee, Germany, Epgland, eto.
are henceforth to be krown as District 1,2, or 3, 2nd
each individual is to be numbered and rogistored in
his own district. Lest Bismarck might still domi
near as No. 956,000, or Napolcon not forget his ancient
maneuvers even when ticketed as but the fraction of
a billion, they have provided that the numbere
glall be ehanged every twelvemonth. Personal
identity will then be finally disposed of. What
possible motives there will be for Ethiopians
now to change their skins or leopards thoia
spots under this most mathematical chaos,
wo are at o loss to conceive. This oleves
method of shaking off a bad reputation is akin tc
one discovered by a recent Philadelphia mayor, who,
whenever a street became particularly foul with
mud or vice, changed its name in lien of cleaning
it. We commend the mathematical system to the
Great Pantarch of tho Spiritualists for Lis Baby
World, whero infants are to bo reared scientifically,
apart from those “ignorant vampires,” their motliers,
How much more rational to number his milky lo
gions than to continue the wnmeaning inanities of
Smith, Jones, or Brown? The plan also recommonds
iteclf to tho promulgitors ¢f the latast theory ef
Divine Universalliood in marringe, A lady twioe
divorced aid nding Ler ailinity in a man with
another wife would, wo suggest, tod No. 3x2 a more
delicate cognomen than the name of her abandoned
first love, which clings to her like a soiled and worn
ontgarmont, Disciples of these modern Meossylinian
ethics ought to adopt the numbering plan at once;
the temptation to rob them of their good name may
bo small enongh now, but when it was reduced to
snch u fractional bit of currency, they would proba
bly be allowed to retain it.
Poor Dr. Holmes doubtless meant no harm in those
lines which ho wrote for the children of Boston to
sing {0 Duke Alexis:
Throbbing and warm are the hearts that remember
Who wae our friend when the world was our foe.”
Novertheloss, somebody indignantly writes (appae
rontly under the influence of lager) to a nowspaper
to inqnire if Germany did n't help us?—did n't lend
us money! Certainly but how can you expeot ab-’
solnto Listorical accuracy in a lyrical pocra? The
Doctor put his statement broadly, after tho manner
of poets, in order to rend: r the compliment ncater
and more completo, If he had written, “who wns
our friend when (with the exception of the Germans)
the world was our foc,” the ine would havo been so
elongated, fractared, and generally bodevflod: Shed’
the boys and girls would have found it impossiblo to
sing it. In poetical statement, the exceptions are to
be understood. It isan accepted fact that “all the.
world” does not mean all the world, by any means.


x
The Supreme Court of Massachusetts Las finally
decided that suvicido 8 not a crime known to the
laws of the Commonwealth. This opinion is given
in the caso of The State vs. Dennis. Tho respondent
was indicted for attempting to kill himsel{, but the
judges have ruled that the atterapt at felo de sis not,
by the statute, an attempé to commit murder. We
are pot sure that it would not bo otherwise by sbe
common law, which, hewever, in Masssohusetts, has
been superscded in criminal practice by legislation,
1¢ is now, proper, fore, to sugrest the necessity
and propriety of statute framed to meet cases of
this nature. Up® moral grounds as well as those of
publi policyursmioide should be under some legal
ban, and the seme is true of the attempt to commnié
it. ‘The cases are Very few in which a surviving per
gon conld de indioted as accessory, but these too the
law should be framed to reach, whenever it does not
2 an already.

_




oY
8
«ue LIBRARY OF POETRY AND BONG: Dboiug.
clroloe selections from the bess Poets: by Wilting
CULLEN BRYANT,” is one of the most attractive
and substantial volumes ever jesned in
America, It is superbly fllustrated; but that
js its elehderest recommendation. Abont
25,000 copies of it havo already been sold which, for
a book of poetry too coinprehicnaive and good to be
cheap, is esbnqudiuezy. Those who are. buy
presents {or tha holidays oad Lbanlly Sad anything
a array ee to bo
adipivaligwat eins JLoed &:C
publish-it.

pT. aE
5
wv
foal ranvt of Massachusetts Lias finally