#rtn.i«s gt qmbWtmt
afirxlAL jour nTul^Fthe u nited states
•FFICIAL JOURNAL *0F ^NEW ORLEANS
MEW ORIJUMH. OCTOBER 17. 1871
I)r. Warren Stone. Sr.. Las returned from
tbe North. _
The thermometer was uj» to eighty-three
yesterday. __
The Southern express favors us with New
York papers of the latest dates.
There is no outward prosperity which can
counteract indolence, extravagance and
folly at home. ^___
A man in Vermont has such a remarkable
hard name that he spoils a gross of steel
liens in signing one cheek.
Be content with what you have, as the
rat said to the trap when he saw that he
had left half of his tail in it.
We hud the pleasure of greeting yester
dav morning the youthful editor of the Don
aldsonville Chief, Mr. Linden E. Bentley.
Mr. M. A. Baker, of the Picayune, who
has been to Europe, was reported as being
in New York a few days since.
Mr. Bragdon. the Governor's secretary,
has returned to the city in excellent health,
after several weeks' absence at the North.
Most people complain bitterly of the
troubles of life, yet often greatly increase
life's troubles by the anticipations of im
aginary ones.
The Iberville JVrirs rej»orta the death of
Mr. Joseph M. Grass, of New Orleans, at
the residence of his son. Adolphe Grass, in
Plaquemine. _ __
The copartnership heretofore existing
between John Coleman and George Cronan,
under the firm of John Coleman Si Co.,
has been dissolved.
The severest punishment of any injury is
the consciousness of having done it; and no
one but the guilty knows the withering
]mins of repeutenee.
Norwich, Connecticut, is excited over the
discovery of the veritable music book which
Benedict Arnold used when he was a decent
fellow, and lived there.
The evangelical churches of the l nited
States have on their rolls over 5,400,000
communicants. One seventh of the inhabit
ants of the land, therefore, are members of
the churches.
The Loirsville Ledger is so utterly and
radically opposed to all departures that it
refuses to allow the Kentucky belles to tie
their garters above their knees because it is
a new tangled nofion.
Professor John Dimitry, of New Orleans,
w ill deliver the second monthly lecture to
the students of the Louisiana State I'niver
sity on the last Friday in this month at
eight o'clock P. M. Subject: "Thackeray
and his Time.
The Rnby, on Common street, between
St. Charles and Cainp, now boasts the pres
eence of Mr. Simon F. Monroe, formerly of
the Charm, who knows how to disjiense
genuine Crescent City hospitalities, either
plain or mixed. _ __
On and utter November 1 every ton of
anthracite coal sold in Philadelphia must
contain twenty-two hundred and forty
pounds, and fractions of a ton must contain
corresponding fractious of twenty-two hun
dred and forty-pounds.
The Brashear people are organizing a
company, with a capital stock of twenty
five hundred dollars, for the purpose of
ustablishing a printing office in Brashear
City. Eighteen hundred dollars have
already been subscribed.
Among the journalists in the city yester
day were Hon. William Murrell, of the La
fourche Times, and Hon. D. II. Reese, of
the Lafourche Republican, The first-men
tioned paper is Republican in fact, the
second Republican in name.
The officers and members of the Grand
Division Sons of Temperance will meet this
evening at seven o'clock, at No. -43 Elysian
Fields street, for the purpose of instituting
Tidal Wave Division No. 11. of the older of
Sous of Temperance of Louisiana.
Mr. Cowles, of the Chicago Tribune, was
on his way to Chicago when fie heard of
the destruction of his office. He instantly
returned to New York, and made arrange
ments for the purchase of type and other
material necessary for carrying on his pajier.
The daughter of a Syracuse, New York,
cotton factor, while on a visit to her uncle
in Chicago, a few days since, ran away with
Lis coachman, a newly arrived Prussian,
and wrote back from Rome, New York,
whither the pair lied, It's too late to
follow.''__ _
A young lady with a very pretty foot, but
a rather large ankle, went into a San Fran
cisco shoe store to l>e measured. The ad
miring clerk, who is of Gallic extraction,
complimented her in the following queer
way: "Mad-am, you one beautiful loot, hut
legs commence to immediately.''
Colonel S. A. Stockdale, collector of in
lernal revenue, who has been absent from
this city since the twenty-fourth of July
last, returned two or three days since.
Colonel Stockdale was on the Pacific coast
early in August, and was in Chicago on the
day of the fiercest fire, Monday of last
week. _ _
During a fine starlight evening lately, a
three-year-old philosopher, alter a silent
and apparently profound scrutiny ol the
heavens, asked his mother abruptly,
"Where do the stars come from 1" Mamma
replied: "I don't know, Willie; I don't
know where the stars came from." Well,
you bet I do. The moon laid 'em."
This evening, at seven o'clock, a meeting
will be held at the Chamber of Commerce,
to take into consideration the building of
iron steamers and barges to run on the
Mississippi river, or any other plan l»y
which cheap transportation can be obtained
for New Orleans, and by which her com
mercial importance can be restored.
The whole number of deaths in this city
last week was one hundred and five, against
one hundred and eleven the week previous.
One died of ajwplexy, one of cholera, thir
teen of consumption, two were drowned,
two of yellow fever, eleven of various other
fevers, two of heart disease, three of in
juries, two of lockjaw* two of old age, one
of pneumonia, twelve still-born. The -city
continues unusually healthy.
05E OF TEL B QW SS8.
Among others who are mistaken as to
their real political status is Dr. II. I.
Cromwell, who has addressed ns the fol
lowing letter, while laboring under the
delusion that he is a Republican:
Editor Kki-ibucax:
1 notice a paragraph m to day 's issue of
your paper headed, "They Are Not Repub
licans."
It commences l>y stating. "We have re
ceived from a respectable physician of this
city a communication, censuring in strong
but just terms some of the pretended Re
publicans who devote all their energies to
the abuse of Governor Warmosh.'' You
assure your friend the doctoi t hey are sore
heads: that any man in the State who is op
posed to Governor Warinoth is no Repuo
lican. bnt either a Democrat or paid by
Democrats.
[Note.— This is not what we said. Our
language was. that those who oppose the
Governor are either Democrats, or subsi
dized by tbe enemies of Republicanism.—
Ed. Red.]
Sir—I am a Republican, and opposed to
Governor Wamioth: vea, when he was
playing^ Breckinridge Democrat in 1SC0. I
was doing my level best to elect Mr. Lin
coln President. I am not a sorehead by
reason of not getting an office from the
Governor, nor do I get anv favors from tbe
federal officers in the Customhouse, the
men whom he opposes: neither am I paid by
the Democrats, and yet I am opjwsed to the
Governor, not because he appoints to office
particularly, for I believe there are good
and honest Democrats who make good citi
zens. and when they are elected to an of
fice, and take an oath to support the con
stitution of the United States, and the con
constitution of the State in which they live,
they would do so.
_ Governor Warmotb Las not done so. as
the executive of the State. He imposed on
her citizens by the election of men to the
General Assembly who were not the choice
of the people tliey represent. He has aje
•ointed men who are uuknown and obnox
ious to the people tliey are sent to. I
onnose him, because he has ignored the
old universal suffrage men. the found
ers of the Republican party in tbe
State, nainelv, W. R. Crane, Burchard.
Waples, Rodriguez, Bousigneur. Durant
and others. I suppose; for the reason he Las
deceived tue and my race; he. as the ex
ecutive of the State, should have seen that
the public privilege articles of constitution
were obeyed. If he had been as prompt
in seeing tbem obeyed as he was in suspend
ing Secretary Bovee, we would have peace
with black and white, and the Republican
party would lie a united partv in the State.
DR. CIJOMWELL.
DR. CIJOMWELL.
New Orleans. October 15, 1871.
If any evidence were necessary, as we
consider there is not, to sustain ns in the
conviction that those who are quarreling
with Governor Warmoth are not Repub
licans, the testimony of Dr. Cromwell
furnishes the missing link. Re has
sallied out as the orator of the class that
we denied, and as the issue is now fairly
joined, let the case proceed to trial. Dr.
Cromwell is a man well known to the
Republicans of this State, and his ante
cedents are the facts upon which the judg
ment as to his fidelity to Republicanism
must be founded. In the first place,
then, he is a confirmed bolter, never
having abided by the decision of the
party, but generally insisting on his own
fitness for office by posting himself as an
independent candidate in opposition to
the regular nominees. TLis disposes of
him as a Republican, for partisans are
only known by their fidelity to the
party. We have no doubt Dr. Crom
well will resist this conclusion by
entering the plea that a man may
be a Republican without being a
party man, to which we might assent if
it did not involve the admission that all
Democrats are Republicans because they
believe in a republican form of govern
ment. Names are either general or spe
cific, and the ignorance of this difference
is what bothers Dr. Cromwell and men of
his sort. Republican, as applied gen
erally, includes all men who favor repub
lican institutions; specifically, it applies
to a partisan who has allied himself with
a certain political organization to effect a
given result, without any regard to his
own preferences as to the form of pro
ceedure. Dr. Cromwell belongs to a class
of men who are too narrow minded to be
Republicans, because he can not consent
to follow when he is denied the right to
lead. Besides, it is doubtful if he under
stands the true nature of re ublicanism,
because if he did he would have avoided
the reference which he makes to the posi
tion which H. C. Warmoth occupied
when he was eighteen years of age. The
country has undergone a wonderful change
since then, even General Grant having
passed from his Democracy to be the
chosen head of the Republican party.
What a minor did twelve years ago was
probably as fruitless of results as what
Dr. Cromwell, who had no vote, did in
favor of Mr. Lincoln. Besides, the Re
publican party has forgiven the Governor,
as it has forgiven General Grant, for it
has elected both of them to its highest
offices; and Dr. Cromwell should remem
ber that it is not just the thing to rake up
an offense after it has been forgiven and
forgotten. There is law of decency in
this respect.
About the old universal suffrage men
who have been ignored by the Governor,
Durant lives out of the State, Waples
holds an honorable position; Bonseigneur,
Rodriguez and Burchard are not familiar
to us, and W. R. Crane is too decidedly
demented to be thought of. Then, again,
the guilt of their retirement belongs more
to the party than to the Governor, even
admitting that they had claims, for the
party ought to have nominated and elected
them before now. So it seems that their
disappearance out of politics is not to be
charged against the Governor, but against
the party which Dr. Cromwell says they
founded, and to which he thinks he be
longs.
As to the enforcement of the civil rights
bill, that is an old question which Mr.
Lowell attempted to discuss with the Gov
ernor in the State convention, wherein he
got just such a setting down as all the
st«pid3 who raise it ought tes get. It i 5
not the duty ot the Governor to execute
Hie laws !n behalf of every citizen who is
disappointed of his rights. There is a
law that gives Cromwell the right to drink
himself blind drunk at any bar in town,
as there is a law that gives him the right l!
to vote. If he does not enforce Lis own
right to drink, as he does his right to
vote, is the Governor to sally out and lead
him to the whisky mill and see him fiilc-d?
Let Mr. Cromwell pursue his rights like a
man, and not cry for help like a slave.
The negroes have all the rights in this
State that other men have, and this is all
that the Republican party premised to af
ford them. They are committing, in many
i q s t a ns qg, thft. rary yerong which they,
charge against the Governor, in this, that
they are deserting and denouncing the
very men who stood by them when it was
evil times for them, and when to be tbeir
friend was not the safest position to oc
cupy in New Orleans.
Dr. Cromwell thinks he is a Republican
.because he calls himself one, and because
he is in favor of his own rights. There is
another rule to be adopted in determining
such matters. Republicans accept tbe
decision of the party as the rule of their
government. They believe all men to be
honest until they are proved to be dis
honest They uphold their officers in all
good things, and do not find fault where
there is none. They do not hold one man
responsible for the faults of others, as
Cromwell holds the Governor responsible
for the omission of the Republican party
to reward the founders of the organiza
tion. They do not depend for their
rights upon officials, but they assert them
for themselves. And, in general, they
stand faster than Dr. Cromwell, and are
more sensible.
A SENSIBLE MOVEMENT.
It is pleasant to perceive that members
of the Democratic party are gradually
coming to the conclusion the organization
is no longer useful. It would have been
much better, however, had they unani
mously arrived at that conclusion when
the rebellion for slavery and secession was
crushed. In that case much of the po
litical bitterness that has been engendered
in the Southern States since the war
might have been avoided and the people
encouraged to return more generally and
speedily to peaceful pursuits. The pub
lic mind would have become settled at
once, and, instead of standing aloof in a
cynical mood, the Southern people, had
they at once cheerfully accepte 1 the re
sults of tbe war, might have speedily re
sumed all of the rights of American citizen
ship. so foolishly thrown away in an attempt
to destroy the integrity of the United
States and become citizens of a foreign
government. It was a fatal mistake to
suppose the people of the United States
could be led by the Democratic party to
relinquish any of the great principles it
was claimed had been determined by the
war. There had been too many valuable
lives lost and too much of the nation's
treasure squandered to suppr .se the peo
ple could be induced to join in with a
political party that openly proclaimed its
object to be a renewal of the fight at the
ballot box that bad been determined
finally by an appeal to arms. Yet the
itself into
measures
should Ion
if inclined
power by
,nd prin eip!
since Lav.
to respect
of a majority of the people
country. The continued or
the party, in full sympar
terest of'
peop le.
Le countrv, but to
the government to re
friendly to it and its measur-:
structing the Southern St
it necessary to adopt
protection of the major
ful minority have denounced
cal and subversive of
principles. The governin'
diposed to re-sort to unusual
enforcing the rights of the
when a Democratic minorit
attempting to force its way
trampfiing on the rights of t
the government was bouni
tection agunst violence.
It
ready to join in a sensible mt
R. M. Kanieoc. Es-j., ?reei<]ent <1
dun ©1 New Oritan
Deae Sir— 1 beg leave, thr
tender the Eleventh Ward
several years past. In taking this sv-j*. :s
alike due to constituents and to myself.
i to worm
icgmg to
that it
al-aa joxc-d
the Trill
tLi.s great
iizaiicn cf
with the
fir-s been
iteriil in
e .Southern
nv of them
compelled
om as nn
for recoil
an 1 in or
-nf:ree the
has found
s for the
an unlaw
a tvranni
eniocratic
was not
oasure- in
-eo: le, Int
was Loldly
power by
majority,
o give pro
l y a cen
•for itself.
:d v.e Lave
connected
1 Lave the
now and
Y.'e com
ts who are
ment.
If. js7!.
ventu Ward
zb TOC, to
toiiioeratic
ic central
tlianke f.-r
y them for
several years past. In taking this sv-j*. :s
alike due to my constituents and to myself.
t> Ftute the reasons which Lave impeded me
to this course. A careful observation of the
iate developments throughout the country,
together with a late pers-inai visit to several
Northern. Middle and Western States, Las
thoroughly convinced me that the organiza
tion of the Democratic party Las lost its use
fulness. and must be replaced by a new or
ganization, which will attract to it all levers
of an honest administration of tue laws,
State and federal, from all parties.
The restoration of our State and tLe
nation to their former high position can not
now lie effected by the Democratic party.
I am one of those who still believe that
the constitution of the United S* ires, wi-h
ail of its amendments distinctly recognized,
when fairly and honestly enforced, is ade
quate to all the wants of this great country,
and will live to bless millions yet unborn,
of every race.
We must, in my opinion, and that prompt
ly, have a new organization, which shad
ileal only with the live issues o: the day
and will inspire our people with new hopes
and animate them to new exertions, which
can and will rescue us in the early future
from the ills of had government.
Very respectfully.
JOHN II. KENNARD.
GOVERNOR VARK0TH AND THE LEVEE
COMPANY.
Y- c assured tie managers c-f the Levee
Company, a week or two ago, that if they
expected to get any money cut of the
State they must first earn it. Heretofore,
the stockholders have been contented
with merely peddling out their stock on
Carondelct street. They formed them
selves the sharers in a franchise which
they were perfectly willing to speculate
upon. Any thing like hard work, cr ad
vancing funds, was not in contemplation.
They have been fooling away their time
all summer, and not a spade full of dirt
has been disturbed—not a dollar of ex
pense incurred in any practical work.
Recently, a survey was made for the pur
pose of obtaining an estimate of cost, to
back up a demand for pay in advance.
15'hen the. Governor assured them .they
could not have a cent until they went to
work, invitations were issued for propos
als to build the levees. On Saturday,
when these proposals were opened, they
were, as we learn, all rejected.
This led to the communications of Gov
ernor AVarmoth and the Board of State
Engineers and Levee Commissioners,
which we publish in another column.
The attention of the reader is called to
these papei'3. "While they call on the
police juries and planters to prepare to
save themselves, yet neither is a procla
mation dt daring the Levee Company to
be extinct, but simply a charge that they
do not respond promptly to the neces
sities of the occasion.
It is rumored that those mythical men
of the East who professed to have millions
at their finger ends. Lave, refused to sup
ply the sinews of war, and as the great
Mississippi river wiil wait tor no man or
set of men, the Governor has very wisely
directed the police juries to secure their
parishes. Other capitalists may come for
ward and buy this Levee Company out and
furnish the means to carry on the contract
with the State. If so. they must redeem
or pay for the levees built; if not, the
State will be saved anvhow.
DECIDEDLY AN ATTEE-TS0UGET.
After the reports had become current
that the levee company Lad rejected all
the bids offered for building the levees,
and the State authorities had taken decided
action in consequence, a new idea seems
to have struck the directors. A meeting
was held last evening, and awards were
made for about twenty of the contracts.
It is suppo sed the object is to stiffen the
stock, which was depressed to two dollars
yesterday. But it is very doubtful whether
tbe bidders will cow come forward and
sign the contracts. The contractors are
required to give security for the per
formance c f their work, but what security
can the levee company give that the work
will be paid for? No careful man will in
cur a dollar's txpense on the simple
promise oi the company. It is apparent
ly without money, and certainly without
the disposition to spend it. A negotiation
has been talked of all summer, by which
two men of reputed means were to stake
the concern. But. beyond victimizing a
number of cent-per-cent Caron Jelet street
suckers, no effect has been perceived.
And tbe meeting last night, and the
awards made upon the bids, should be re
garded with caution. The stock will not
be worth im:re to-day than it was yester
day. whm i; could be bought for *2 pier
share of &H0. I: Lav sell for more. Low
•ver.
SE0ET SC'IICE.
Tne Levee Company gave only seven
days notice for receiving bids to lmid
several LnndreJ miles of levee. ILis was
very short notice to the capitalists of New
Orleans, while to those of New York, Bos
ton. Philadelphia and other Northern
cities it was decidedly after the fair.
Europe Las not heard of it yet, unless ly
cal. le. There appears to be a want of sin
eerily in the proceeding.

A strike cf unexampled tenacity has
just ended in England in the success of
site- strikers. It was peculiar in tLis, that
the men were engineers, and that they
refused to abate their demand, which wa6
for time and not money. They acted a
reduction of s;x hours in the week, or
rather they required that a day's work
should Le limited to nine instead of ten
hour®. Tue fight was savagely begun
end sternly maintained. Tvn thousand
men quit wc tk in a single day and never
lifted a hand for twenty weeks. They
Lad prepared for the contest by aeeurnu
lading a capital that belonged to all the
members. They obtained assistance from
the other unions. The International, a
va-:t political machine, adopted their
cause and helped them out. Being engi
neers, their places could not be supplied
except by engineers, and as there were
none but such as were strikers, all the
vast machinery whi :h had moved at their
direction bad to stand still. The masters
held out, but were finally forced to yield.
They offered to pay increased wagts, but
the men said they wanted time and not
money. The odd hour they wanted for
Lome and improvement, and they have
got it. Let us Lope that they will im
l rove it.
The New Orleans Titr.es sticks to it
that John K Keyset, one of the Mew York
contractors under Tweed, has surrendered
Lis property to the city as an atonement
for his evil ways in getting more money
cut of the treasury than he was entitled
to. Mr. Keyset sticks to it that he net
only has not done this tiling, but that he
is holding on to all he has got, and still
wants three hundred thousand dollars
more. Lie says that his accounts were
altered after they were paid, and that
Tweed did the altering and the stealing.
One of Lis bills for forty-seven thousand
dollars was raised to four hundred and
forty-seven thousand, ani paid at this
sum, Tweed indorsing the account as
correct. Keyser got the small sum and
Tweed the big one. And these are the
men that proposed to rule the United
States, and the Times is the paper that
pretends to give correct information.
Kevser den t see it.
Even royalty responds to humanity.
The Emp ress Augusta, of Prussia, sends
a thousand thalers to Chicago. And yet
Prussia is still in weeds over her own vast
graveyards, and is filled with anguish at
her hospitals filled with the wounded
just home from the field of battle.
The Kentucky Democracy proposes to
disband until after the next election and
form a new party. Perhaps they had
better reform a little, which is the way
the Democracy in Washington City pro
pose to win. "Unless a man be born
again Le can not" be accepted by the
people of the United States. All their
reform movements and new party at
tempts are mere "old clothes" games
that are fully understood by those who
have bought cheap coats. We can al
ways find the Democracy when we sne
ceed in our search after their old leaders.
Disguise does not deceive os. Let the
devil tuck his tail as close as he pleases
investigation will unfold it The Demo
crats need regeneration, and nothing
short of that will help them.
ON CAJtONDELET STREET.
By a large number of stockholders of
Levee, it was believed that tL« stock of a
company whose revenue could be made
three millions a year was too good a thing
to let go. Yesterday morning shares were
sold at $5 and 25, a slight decline from
the quotations of Saturday. But suddenly
a throng of brokers gathered around a cen
tral figure who was shaking the paper ex
citedly in his Land and offering it for sale at
$2 50. Then a scene of wild commotion fol
lowed. and offers poured in on all sides. Cries
of "What's the matter!" "What's turned up!'
"Who's buying?" "Who's bearing rose up
on all sides, while brokers rushed like mad
either up or down the street, looking for
principals and going for information. The
first throng became two, three and even
four separate groups, all hallooing, cheer
ing and chattering like magpies. Then it
transpired that thecause of this excitement
was the forthcoming proclamation of the
Governor (it turned out to be a letter), call
ing on the planters to build their own
levees, and ignoring the company altogether.
Notwithstanding the pet was boiling, few
shares were disposed of for several hours,
and the big mass of outsiders stood still
and looked on without taking a hand. At
length the evening paper brought the
news, which was eagerly read and soon
acted upon. It was also reported that
Mr. Williams, president of the Board of
Directors, had left and gone to Wilmington
before his departure was generally known.
In short, there was a universal back down,
and several thousand shares were sold, as
follows: One hundred shares at $5, 100 at
$2 50, 200 at fl 50, 250 at $3. 500 at $2 80,
500 at $3, 20 at |5, 50 at $1 87**. 100 at
84 75. ICO at 82 374?, and 100 at $2 874s.
Several other lots were sold on private
terms, and many of these were resold im
mediately after at about an eighth profit.
The bargains closed at $2 75iz3 a share,
with a good prospect of improvement to
day, when the worst is known.
Levee stock was the absorbing sensation
yesterday, and not a share of other stock
was sold. We were told McConib had
written a letter of seven pages in length to
Governor Warmoth. in which Le denied
having anything to do with the Levee Com*
puny. This was joined with other preju
dicial rumors. It is the first panic that has
visited onr shores for a year at least. The
excitement continued until sunset, and
long after this hour groups of brokers and
stockholders hung about the corners, either
discussing the late turn affairs Lad taken,
orelse making arrangements tocover heavy
losses. The general opinion was against
Levee, and ran into the currant that he who
leaned upon fancy stocks supported himself
<m a broken reed.
Cotton is in good demand, though prices
are intermittent. The request, notwith
standing the unfavorable news from Liver
pool, shows that still higher rates are ex
pected. Sales, considering the narrow field
to which all operations are restricted, are
extraordinary, those of Saturday footing
up 3000 bales. Beyond the outside figures
of Saturday, the prices have advanced, and
according to those well informed, the time
is far off for a settling down.
Have Year PrtnHc* and median Done at
the Pelleaa Job Office, Corner Camp and
Poydraa Street*.
oc2? 1?
1S4..
JACOB OTT,
BUILDER
......Delord Street....
(Tivoli Circle.I
........1S4
SEW ORLEANS,
r.-th dispatch, jobbing premptly
ialf 2dp Iv
A CARD.
SIMON F. MONROE, late of the •'Cliami."
to inform bis friends that he is now to be fonud
at tlie Ruby, cm Common street. St.
Charles and Camp. Giatetnl lor past favors, he
hopes to merit Their continuance and will W
happv to greet bis old acquaintances at h s new
headquarters. oclT It
A CARD.
I am now connt-t ted with the elothiag house of
A. Rons Ac Co., corner of Common and Magazine
streets, where I shall be ready to attend to the
wants of my friends. The house guarantees prices
as low as anv house in the citv.
VICTOR IIEBERT.
Kew Orleans. October 10, I3tl. oclT 2p
SATE AGAINST FIRE.
THE MAMMOTH VAULT
OP THK
SAFii DEPOSIT COMPANY
ABSOLUTELY FIREPROOF.
Its contents are safe agw'nst FIRE and 3UR
GLARS, ami at a cost of but a small fraction of
tbe usual ©Large for Fire Insurance alone.
11
..Camp afreet.................51
PREMISES SHOWS TO VISITORS.
Of:If 3t2p
#20,000 L> PREMIUMS.
FIFTH GRAND STATE FAIR
MECHANICS' AND AGRICULTURAL
FAIR ASSOCIATION
OF LOUISIANA
ON THE FAIR GROUNDS,
IN THE CITY OF SEW ORLEANS,
November is, i«», 40 Zl, U, «|:j, 8 *3
nml its, ISM.
Exhibitors are invited from every section ot
America. Ra.lroads, steamships, anil other trans*
port at .on lines, as named in tbe Premium Cata
logues (pages l<i and II), will carry exhibitors to
and Horn tbe Fair at one-half tbe usual rates.
Tbe books are now ojien for tbe entry of Maebiu
ery, Wares, Merchandise, Stock, Agricultural Pro
ducts, Fruits, Vegetables, etc., at tbe cilice of tbe
Association, in the Mechanics' Institute.
For further information see Premium Catalogue,
which will be sent to any address free of charge.
LUTHER HOMES,
oeB 2p Secretary and Treasurer, New Orleans.
CARPET AND OIL CLOTH WARE
HOUSE.
ELKIN CO.,
No. 1 (iS Canal Street.
Are reer-ivil -2 new ami elegant styles of VELVET,
BRUSSELS THREE PLY and INGRAIN CARPET
IJTOS OIL CLOTHS, VlSLOW SHAPES CUR
TAINS, etc.__ se-O Im ip
JOHN If. MADDEN,
STATIONER.
LITHOGRAPHER, JOB PRINTER,
AMD
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER,
73 ................Camp street................7J
Executes all orders with promptness and dis
patch. _____
)s2$
1HE WILSON VICTORIOUS
At the Great Ohio State Fair.
THE NEW UNDERFEED
WILSON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.
BEAUTY,
terms of
than machines contro.i
Warranted to do perfect work. Ko
era! Southern Agency. No ld9 Canali
Rooms at Gen
era! Southern Agency, S©. 189 canalstreet, corner
of Burgundy street. AGKNTS WANTtO.^
H. H. TRUE St CO.,
deI6 Sa Bn It Tu lv _
SMITH'S PULMONIC SIRUP
AND LIFE TONIC.
Incomparable for Consumption, Catarrh. Aethma
Bronchitis. Laryngitis, Coughs, Colds. Spitting of
Blood, etc. May be given to an infant with bene tit.
The LIFE TONIC, made from the same vegetable
product of our swamps, is ucequaled for I»ysj*ep
sta» Poor Appetite, Female Irregularities, Low
Spirits, Debility, etc. With SMITH'S LIVER PILLS,
it is a splendid preventive of Chills, Malaiial Fevers,
otc. The sSirup and Tonic may be taken together,
mixed, aiul makes a delicious cordiai. which :6 a
singularly effective blood purifier. Almost every
day furnishes new evidence of the triumph of this
new Louisiana remedy, for scrofulous cr blood
diseases.
We give a long list of home references, embracing
some of the most distinguished families in thiscity.
We challenge investigation.
l». II. SMITH CO.
No. 20 Baronne street.
Western Branch Depot, corner Walnut and Fourth
gtreeta. Cincinnati. Ohio. oc 15 Sq TnTh 1m 2r>
F. NEW HALL,
40................Camp -Iren...............40
JubI received u new and complete s:ock ot
WALL PAPER and WINDOW SHADES.
AH work promptly executed by competent and
experienced workwen. ocl5 lm .'p
SILKS AND DRESS GOODS,
1EU
STEAMSHIPS K'lLS AND ALICE.
J. LEVOIS JAMISON,
No. l'J6 Canal street.
We will otler on Monday morning our fuff line of
SILKS, DRESS, EMBROIDERY
i.V)
FANCY GOODS,
Just received by !ht- above steamers, and ail o
Late.t European Styles.
J. LEVOI
No. lZt> Canal street, bet'
Charles streets.
JAMISON,
-en Carondelet and S
oelSZt .ip
STATE NATIONAL BANK.
(Formerly Louis ana State Bank.)
Samuel H. Kennedy. President: E. Signer. Vice
President; Charles L. C. I»ut»uv, Cashier.
Capital,
Foreign and Domestic Exchange bought and a
Collect ions made upon ah points.
Gobi deposits received, (told checks for sab
Bank of California. San Francisco. oeH» In:
NEW* ORLEANS SILVER IVARE
NEW* ORLEANS SILVER IVARE
MANUFACTORY.
to my SILVDB
Attention is particularly directed
TABLE WARE, such as
SPOONS. FORKS, E
Prices as low as at any Northern rru
c.
actoryl
and CHEAPER THAN IN ANT HOUSE IN NEW
ORLEANS. Quality and style eo.ua] to any. Puli
guarantees given in all cati s. Every des-T.ption of
Medals, Badges. Military Belt-plates. Sword Mount
Sags. etc., manufactured in tbe dost artistic man
ner and at low prices.
A. HIM3IEL. Proprietor,
4e4 ly2p Ko. 1-6 Poydtas street
ORLEANS INFIRMARY.
14'J............Canal Street............ 142
Conducted by Prs. CHOPPIN, C. BEARD, P. W,
BRICKELL ai d J. I>. BRUNS.
Po6toffice'Box No. C7
Vr. S. CHOPPIN—GENERAL SURGERY. Diseases
Of tbe BLADDER. URETHRA and RECTUM.
Dr. C. BEARD—Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
Dr. D. W. BRICKELL—Medical and Surgical Dis
eases of FEMALES.
Dr. J DICKSON BRUNS—Diseases of tbe LUNGS
HEART and THROAT.
The best NURsKS provided. Fare and aceomme
da; ion FIRST CLASS.
CONSULTATION HOURS from 9 A. .M. to 4 P. M.
seil'i 1 ru Zp
REOPENING.
SEWING MACHINES—ALL KINDS.
The public have long desired the estabhahmexit
of a Mart, where all kinds of Sewing Machine* and
Sewing Machine Findings could be had: where they
could flee and compare the workings of one machine
with another, and ielect from the different make*
the machine best suited to the use to which they
desired to apply it. To such a Mart we invite yon
at 159 Cauai street. Agents wanted.
noWZptf M. 8. HEURICK. General Age rt.
QUARANTINE.
PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.
State or LonsiASA.
STATE or LoriSIASA,
Executive Department.
Se w Or.eans. Mav 25, 18*11. i
Whvreaa, An act of the Legislature approved
March 15. 1855, entitled "An act to establish o u*r
antine tor the protection of tbe State," provide*
that tlie Governor of tbe State shall issue bis proc
lamation upon tbe advice of tbe Board of Health.
declaring any place where there sba 1 be reason to
believe pestilent, contagious or infectious disease
exists, to be an infected place, and stating the num
ber of days of quarantine to la- performed by tbe
vessels, their passengers, officers and crews com
mg ffotn such place or places.
Now, therefore, In pursuance of tbe provisions of
tbe act aforesaid, I issue this, my proclamation, and
declare the places hereafter named to be infected
places, and that All vessels, together with officers,
crews, passengers and cargoes arriving from such
Places, or having touched or stopped at any of them
sliall lie subject to a quarantine of not less than
ten days, or for a longer period, as may be consid
ered necessary by the Board of Health, to take
effect from and after the FIRST DAY UF JUNE
1-1. Any violation of the quarantine laws as here
proclaimed will be severely punished.
The places which are hereby declared infected
as aforesaid are the following, to wit: Havana.
Matanzag, Trinidad, Cardenas, St. Jago. all on the
Island of Cuba; Port Royal and Mintego Eav, on
the Island of Jamaica: Jaemel and Port an Prince
on the Island of San Domingo; tbe island, of St.
Thomas, Martinique and Guadeloupe; Campeaehy,
in Yucatan; Belize, in Honduras; Vera Cruz, Alvar
ado, Tampico, Matamoras and Tuxpaa, in Mexico;
San Juan, in Nicaragua; Chagres, Aspinwail aud
Porto Bello, in Central America; Maracaibo, in
Venezuela; Laguayra, Island of Trinidad; R-io
Janeiro, Para Cayenne, Buenos Ayres, in a'oxtb
America; and Nassau, New Providence.
Given under my hand and the seal of the State
this twenty-flftli aay of May, A. 1). DTI. and of the
independence of tbe United States ffie ninety-fifth.
Bj the Governor
H. C. WARMOTH,
8. Bovs*, SecrttIrro7state La i 1
Ol Vflb Up
NOTICE.
LONDON
DA
AND LANCASHIRE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
.......Bnronne Street..............gj
In reply to the many inquiries made at tips office
W'Vhe of nska covered at Chicago
Lancashire, the undersigned,
,beg ,0 s,at that outside of the
i Vijnn.i,;.. i U1,iana an, t Georgia the Loudon aud
'Vv la je no agencies.and hence no risks,
Prepared to take full lines
In uJ ,Y against fire on buildings, furniture and
all kinds of merchandise and produce.
K. G. MUSGROVE, General Agent.
New Orleans, October 12,1871. ocl2 lw 2dn
INSURANCE.
H'
OPE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS,
INCORPORATED IN 1857.
Office— No. 81 Camp Street.
Tliis Company insures against
FIRE. MARINE AND RIVER RISKS,
At the current rates of Pre m ium.
H. PEYCHAUD............................Pres.dent.
..Vice Prerldent.
........Secretary.
JOHN I. ADAMS...
LOUIS BARNETT..
JOHN I. ADAMS,
J. C. DENIS.
F. MALOCHKK.
FELIX A. DUCROS,
oc 12 lin
JlRFCTOltfl;
M. L. NAVRA.
W. ALEXANDER GORDON
T. N. BLAKE.
F. F.. BERNARD,
HENRY PEYCHAUD.
J^AFAYETTK KIRK
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF NEW ORLEANS,
Capital................................$.'100,000.
Office corner of St. Andrew and Magazine ft reel*,
up stairs; entrance on St. Andrew street.
INSURES AGAINST LOSS OR DAMAGE BY F.FJI
at lowest rates.
ornt eks
KASPAR AUCH, President,- ROBERT JACKSON,
Vice President.
Louie Mathis, Secretary; John Pureeil, Inspector
h.'kkcvoks:
J. H. Keller,
E. H. Burton,
W. R. Fish,
O. F. Thebman,
Louis Faessel,
Fenry Eilennann,
Henrv Bensel, Jr..
Charles Kr.uimel,
Christian Mehie.
B. H. Sehene,
August Bernard.
Philipp Drums,
Henry Rite.
L. L. Levy,
Florence Fhifter,
J. F. Kranz
Dr. W. B. Wood,
Alfred Shaw,
U. D.Maclin,
John Henderson, Jr.,
J. M. G. Parker,
MISCELLANEOUS.
A new musical methoil-mr.
ALEXANDER I)K WOLOWSKI. tbe well
known piauiet and vocalist, has the honor to in
form bis triends and the public of New ctr.eans,
that lie lias reopened his courses of PIANO ani
SINGING, by h.s entirely new an* s:iuphn*d|
gvstem.
Ladies and gentlemen desirons of his services will
please leave their orders at Messrs. Blackmar k.
Co.'s, No 2ol Canal street; or at tbe Professor resi
dence. 217 Claiborne street Second District.
sel7 Su W P lm
*yyALLACE dfc CHOPPIN,
(a*zi-«k t. CH-jepr.v. W!Ll:a* wali acs.)
STAR COTTON GINNERY,
Peter* street, betweea Thalia and Uanter,
and Hooter street.
Between Tchoupitoulao and Peters.
Onr machinery aLd gin stands are new. with ail
tbe latest improvements, with u apai ,ty of turn
ing out forty bales per day. No delays. A supply
o 1 bugs always on hand.
We gin for the seed, and guarantee satistacticn.
Highest maiket price always paid for seed cotton.
REFERENCES:
S. B. Newman A Co.,
Nahe x Cammack.
A. Milteuberger k Co.,
J. P. Higgins k Co..
Warren Crawford X Co.,
Penn. Pace a simmons.
Witbrrsnoon. JIuseit Co.
Ne.son. Lauphier A Co.,
Johnson V Goodrich,
Roi-ert Hare,
Sam Stafford k Co.,
A. H. Peale A Co.,
Hugh Allison a Co.,
Barrett A LeSassier,
Garrard, Ciaig k Co..
John Chaffee v Brother,
F. B. Ernest k, Co.
S. H. Abv A Co.,
J. Burnet X Ca,
'scar Cbopla,
Kenshaw. Cammack <t Co..
Dr. Fans Chop pin.
Orders left at
Union street, w
he ginnery, or at our office. No. 14
i meet with prompt attention.
self fim
jjHAKLE* G. KCHULZE,
No. V6 Grazier Street, New Orloaao.
Postoffice Box 1138.
Stereotype and Elertrotyplng,
Seal Press Engraving, Die Sinking. Stencil Cutting
Designing. Agency for tbe best Card aud C-t-ee
mg Stamps. Red. black and Blue Ink. R.bbons to:
Hand Stamps. Stencil Plates, etc. First preu. ua
for best Stereotype P'ate at last Fair. al*
jpORSYTH UNITED
STANDARD
e>TATEs>
S C A L. E S.
The Strongest **cnle .Made,
Everv scale warranted, in every respect; tf i i
ties, adapted t* every branch of bus.ueas.
For price hat, or any information, address
Forsyth, ellison a co.,
No. 31 Tcboupitoulas street. New Orient,
selteodiim
G
AS.
GAS.......
GAS.
Le had
The best and cheapest gas in the city can 1
by appiviug at No. 53 Camp street, to
w. b. bowman.
Agent Fairbanks' Scale and Cotton Beams.
Fairbanks a Co. are the authorized ageu's for
furnishing all the the customhouses. peVtoffices.
and all public buildings connected wirb -he United
States, with scales, which is satisfaetorv evidence
that they are the standard for the United States.
Southern Agency at No. 53 Camp street.
auki 3m W. B BOWMAN. Agent.
^E\V ORLEANS CONSERVATORY
MUSIC.
HO..............Baronne Street............
OK
90
This conservatory is conducted after the p'an of
the conservatories of Europe.
For part.-u ars, circulars, and any desired in
formation, apply to tlie New Orleans Conservatory
of Music, glass'box No. 1596. New Orleans, Lo—a
iana. or personally at the Conservatory.
TriEOPHILUS MASAC.'President.
RsrpRKSCES—Bishop J. C. Kenner; Rev. A, V.
Dixon; Rev. E. J. Taylor; Rev. J. B. A. Ahrens; W.
H. Foster. Esq., from Race, Foster A. K. T. Merrick;
C. T. Bendas. Esq.; Dr. William H. Holcombe; A.
Wheeh-ss, Esq., President New Orleans Na'.onal
Bank; Joseph Eili6on, Esq., President Louisiaurs
Equitable Life-Insurance Company; Lloyd R. Cole
man. Esq.. President Mechanics'and Traders' In
surance Company; W. JL Pinckard. fso.i Jacob
Hassinger. Esq.; R. M. Lusher. Esq F. Roe ler.
Esq.. Superintendent; George Foersier, E= Edi
tor German Gazette, etc.
board op i.vsTKrcTioV.
Mr. Tlieophilu* Masac. professor of history and
philosophy of music; Mr. Charles Van Kaffiea,
professor of vocal music; Miss Carolina Ze.ss.prcfes
sor of vocal music; Mr. Edward P. Gioeceve.t. pto
fessor of theory and the piano forte; Miss Melanie
May. professor of tl.e pianoforte; Miss Eugenio
Lem nine, professor of the piano forte: Mr. A.fotr
so Mian, professor of tiute; Mr. Hermann Braun,
professor of orchestral instruments. Besides an
efficient number of assistant teachers.
au26 lv
ffO FACTORS AND PLANTERS.
KLOPPEXEUEG'S COTTON GIN STAND*.
.............Decatur Street.............4*>
Formerly Victory Street.
NEW ORLEANS. LOUISIANA.
Having made thorough repairs for the new sen
son. I respectfully inform tlie factors auj planters,
that I am again prepared to till all orders lor sa- ka
tor the shipment of seed cotton, which w-.'.l be fur
i isued to responsible parties, as usual, tree at
charge
Wi„ GIN and BALE COTTON at the same rule aa
formerly, viz: For tbe seed unit, and chaigelor
bagging and ties at tbe market rate.
Ali ORDERS will be PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO
i* lett in box at No. 2oi) Gravier street, cotter of
Baronne street. Also. lock boy No 4 Pi.stoilce.
The celebrated E. CARVER it CO 'S i.IN u-ei.
an22 2tn
JJKUUN FKRT Ii.ty.Kir.
THE NEW ORLEANS SANITARY AND FEE" LlJr
IXG COMPANY,
No. 18 Union Street. Up fftclri,
TI*LTZT*lT tb< iT i "I"' r cr FEB.
TlLIZblO COSIPOISD, ,n quantities to su.t pur
chasers. Certificates from well-known e zen*
»7? rize i? as »o Peruvian Guano.
wh,.e it is so.d at lees than half the -r^e aui
has no disagreeable odor. Send for Circular
Price of our Pelican No. 1................nerten
ffHcaa No; 2 ............*,5 -*r :cs
Also. EARTH CLOSETS and COMMODES r svs.
handles to be seen and orders taken at the"offIok.
f£<IlK GAS. OF THK AGL
The New Orleana Hydrocarbon G.ta
light Company.
This company has just completed a set ,s of
scientific experiments in the production ot Hvdro
Caroon Gas by "N.oper's patents," aud can strongly
recommend these machines aa the simplest,
cheapest and most substantial gas machines ever
t e P u ^l e. producing a gas live 'igiea
the illuminating power of city gas, and at a much
1" T 1- F,>r 'kurdies, halls, sugar-1,ouses and
C btitry towns this machine can not be surpassed.
K r j*" r3 tor Dac Hiaes left at the cam; sty's office,
Bo- 5 tarondelet street. New Orleans, or w th
Messrs. Jockush k Co., bankers, Galveston, Texas,
wui meet with prompt attention.
p.„„ C J M WAQ BBB- President.
T TKK -Secretary and Treasurer.