IDE PRINCE OF WALES' ILLNESS,
Condition of the Patient from Daybreak
Thursday to This Morning.
Pirst Refreshment by Sleep
and Hopes of Recovery.
BULLETINS FROM SANDRINGHAM
'Outside Opinion More
Confident.
Restless During Three Horn's
of Last Night.
TELFGRAWS TO THE HEW YORX HERALO.
TIIE NIOBNINO REPORT.
Sleep In tlie Night end the Condition Slightly
Improved.
London, Dec. 14?2 P. M.
The following official bulletins reporting
the condition of His Royal Highness the
Prince of Wales in the morning and at noon
to-day have been published. They are the
only announcements which have been made
bj the attending physicians to this hour
The first bulletin re&dB
S andbingiiam, Dec. 14?8 A. M.
The Prince slept during the night.
There is some abatement of the graver
gymptoms.
IT SOOS.
"Tranquil and Firm Against Retaining Ex
haustion.
SANDRINGHAM, DeC. 14?Noon.
The Prince has been tranquil all the morn
ing.
The gain of last night is maintained.
IN THE AFTERNOON.
Ion-PronnI llensseriion of tho Consol
In* Neva.
London, Dec. 14?2 P. M.
There baa been a slight change for the
tetter in the condition of the Prince of Wales.
Iho comparative quiet of yesterday evening
and the rest obtained last night have proved
eneflcial to the royal sufferer.
HOPES OF RECOVERT.
he l'aticnt Not Worse and tbe Public More
Confident.
London, Dec. 14?2:30 P. M.
No further change has boen reported in the
tradition of the Prince of Wales.
Hopes of his recovery arc freely expressed,
ad the public feeliug is more confident.
?edical Statement of tbe Appearance at
Nigbi.
London, Dec. 14?10 P. M.
An official bulletin just received from
andringham announces that the Prince of
Tales has passed a quiet afternoon and
renin g.
The symptoms have remained unchanged
|noe morning.
TBE BULLETIN TO-DAY.
ry Unquiet During Tbree Hours of tbe
Nifht.
London, Dec. 15?2 A. M.
I The physicians in attendance upon the
rince of Wales, at Sandringham, issued a
iletin at one A. M. to-day, stating that His
byal Highness had been very unquiet since
i o'clock last night.
ITERS 111 AMERICA FOR THE PRINCE.
k telegram was forwarded to London from this
r by cable yesterday announcing to the British
bpletuat "the Fulton street prayer meeting and
ler praying asserabllos in America are In dally
^plication to Almighty God lor tho life aud salva
h of the Prince of Wales, as arc the Queen and
Ipio of England."
FRANCE.
Orleans Princes as Isolators and Political
rty Men?Legislative Retrospect of the
onduot of the War with Prussia?Pun
ishments for Capitulation of Fortressea
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Paris, Deo. 14,1871.
la reported that the Orleans Princes have de
luded to take their seas in the Legislative As
rty at an early day, and that they win act with
party of the right centre in their legislative
icily.
TUB CONDUCT OF TH? WAJl WITH PRUSSIA,
the National Assembly to-day General cissey,
iter of War, made a statement la explanation
e delays or the Commission winch was some
since appointed to Inquire into the capltuia
>f tho French lortlfloaticns anu armies during
to-war.
Minister said tbe Commission had examined
the (nets oonnected with the surrender of six
uses of a secondary character, the coromaud
ol which bad been sentenced to undergo pun
rat according to army regulation.
Saturday the Commission will commenco an
ttgrttlon into the capitulation of tho fortress
army of Sedan, and subsequently will turn
attention to Meu.
ERMANY AND FRANCE.
?ian Opinion of President Thiers' Message.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YOST HERALO.
Berlin, Dec. 14, 1871.
Itnrhuial Correspondent regards the mes
/President Thiers to the Assembly as "afresh
i of paclflo Intentions of tue French
imcnt."
SPAIN.
x Emprejs of Prance Leaves for England.
1LUIRAR! 10 THE HEW TORS HERALD.
Madrid, Doc. 14. 1871.
x Repress Eugenie, of Franco, mis gone to
r, ^iiern she will take pnxsnge on a I'eulu
ud vrtouiai Lin* siowashio lor Etubuub
THE ERIE RAILWAY.
Herald Special Report from
London.
Organization of Shareholders for an
Improved Direction.
The Movement in the British
Metropolis.
TELEGRAM TO TH?_NEW YORK HERALO.
The following special despatch to the
Herald has been received from our corre
spondent in the capital of Great Britain:?
London, Deo. 14, 1871.
A new combination of holders of Erie Rail
way shares is in process of organization in
this city for tho purpose of rescuing the road
from its present direction.
The committee initiating the movement pro
pose to take energetic measures toward that
end.
Stockholders desiring to participate have
been invited to register their shares with
BischofTsboim, where they will receive certifi
cates free of charge.
James McHenry is at the head of the move
ment.
ENGLAND.
The Rate of Discount Reduced and the Stook of
Bullion Increased?Parliament
Not Summoned.
lELECPAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
London, Nov. 14,1871.
The rate or discount of the Dank or England has
been reduced one*hall per cent, and* is now three
per cent.
Tho stock or bullion in the Dank of England bos
increased ?244,000 during the week.
TUB PARLIAMENTARY SESSION.
The report that Parliament will be called together
in January is contradloted.
TUB COTTON SUPPLY.
The heavy arrivals or American cotton at Liver
pool to-day. already reported to the IIbrald, have
been supplemented by the receipt or 2,210 balos Trom
Savannah.
THE WAR IN M iXICO.
The Revolutionists of Sonora Routed by the
Federal Troops?Mazallan Held and
Fortified by the Insurgents.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW TOM HEiULO.
San Francisco, Deo. 14, 18TL
Advices from Sonora, Mexico, state that the fede
ral troops have quelled the revolt against Juarez,
the government having routed the revolutionists at
Puerto cito and captured oil the officers, 100 men
and their arms, equipage and supplies.
The Mexican revolutionists still hold Mazatlan,
and are fortifying It to resist the attack of the
troops raised In Slaaloa by Governor Backua, of
Lower California.
Sonora, CoJlma and Guerrero are quiet. The ad
vices front the PaclLc Coast of Mexloo, on the
whole, are favorable to the Juarez government.
The British iron shin Talavcra Is ashore at san
Ramon Bar- She is a total wreck.
THE GHAND DUKE.
Boston, Mas?., Deo. 14, 1871.
The Grand Duke Alexis leit Boston at nine
o'clock and reached Concord, N. a., at thirtr-flve
minutes past eleven, where a large crowd had
assembled at the depot, to whom he was Introduced
by Governor Weston. The Governor met the
Grand Duke at Nashua.
Hla Reception In Now Hampshire?Arrival of
the Prince at Montreal Last Night.
Montreal, Dec. 14, 1871.
The Grand Dnke Alexis and suite arrived at Mon
treal at nlno o'clock this morning. lie was met at
the station by the Mayor and a deputation of the
Council, besides a concourse of citizens,
A cordial welcome was extended to the royal
guest, after which the party was escorted to the
St. Lawrence Hall, where magnificently fitted
up apartments were allotted them. The Journey
from Boston was accomplished In twelve hours,
the train stopping on the route at St. Albans and
St. John, where the stations were Illuminated and
large crowds gathered.
THE FIRE FIEND.
Cincinnati, Ohio, Dec. 14, 1871.
The Time t ana Chronicle has a special despatch
from Mansfield, Ohio, to-day. which says tnat H. C.
Hodges' three story brick building, on North Park
street, in that city, was destroyed by fire shout
three o'clock this morning. Tne building was oc
cupied as a grocery and leather stores printing offi
ces and by law office. The loss Is about $25,000;
the building is Insured lor itl'2,000 In Western com
panies; the stock is insured for $18,000, mostly in
Eastern companies. While half a dozen persons
were carrvtng articles out oi a saloon In a wooden
building tne walla of the brick building adjoining
fed, smashing the wooden Ouiidtug to the ground,
killing John Klein, Jr., and Miss Matthews, daugh
ter oi the proprietor of the saloon, and dangerously
injuring another.
AUBi'RN, N. Y., Dec. 14, 1871.
A fire In Weedsport, between four and five o'clock
this morning, destroyed the Atwood House, Porter's
dry goo.ta store, Chaddock's saloon, a foundry,
Bnrnh's drug store, Watson's cabinet shop, El
drldge's grooory, a carriage shop, two harness
shops, lour shoe shops, Masonic Hall. Good Temp
lars' Hall, a hoop skirt factory, and three or iour
other buildings. The loss falls principally on Mr. O.
H. Weed. The amount of iusurance is uot yet as.
certaiued.
REPUBLIC FIRE INSURANCE 00MPANT.
The Committee on Lome* Reported at Chi
cago Recommend n Fall Pay meat of C laims
bat Suspension of Bnnloros Meaawhile.
ClIICAdO, Deo. 14, 1871.
At a meeting or the directors and stockholders of
the Republic Fire Insurance Company, of Chicago,
the report of the committee appointed to examine
Into the financial condition of (he concern waa
read. The report shows a total credit Indebtedness
of $884,000; Chicago claims filed, nut unadjusted,
$l,100,ooo; Chicago claims not presented, $500,000;
other losses, $S5,000; amount required to
cancol policies, $751,000. The committee recom
mend that the stockholders pay on the latter
amount uut 1 It is all paid up and the company's
liabilities liquidated; also tnat tho company's losses
be adjusted as soon us possible on the best terms
obtainable, nnd, in the meantime, that no more
business he transacted. The report was adopted
and a commuteo appointed to confer with those
having claims against tho company to endeavor to
effect a compromise.
MILITARY OOOUPATION OF OHIO AGO.
SrRiNiiKiM), 111., Dec. 14, 1871.
The Washington despatch of yesterday, which
says that a representative from Governor Palmer,
of Illinois, is hi Wasutngion endeavoring to secure
the removal of government troops from Chicago, Is j
authoritatively denied at tho Executive office.
The Governor nas not now, and lias never had,
nuy repiesentatlW) or agent at Washington empow
ered to represent lu* views, or to make any request
oi tie administration rue Governor is of opiniou
that Ills duty in the r*iutcr of military occupation
euuert wher he had laic tne facts m tho case before
tne General Assembly, ho the proper guardians
91 the peopUrti
MORMON MURDERER3.
Arrest of the Fourth Accomplice Charged
Willi the Murder of Or. Itobinson? Ideutl
dcniion of Two or tlio Murderers by a
Witness?fireul Excitement In Judge
MrKeuu's Court.
?Salt Lakh Oitt, Dec. 14,1871.
At the examination of the parties indicted for the
murder of Dr. Robinson, in 1868, the court room
(Chief Justice McKcau presiding), was densely
crowded by an excited and Interested
audience of Gentiles and Mormons. The
lourth prisoner. John Brensure, arrested yester
day at Rhodes' Flat, lotty miles distant rrom
here, was in court The testimony was startling
and coucluslve, as against three ol the indicted par
ties.
Blytlie and Toms, who were in Court, were posi
tively identified by a Montana miner, wno was pass
ing through to Arizona and who witnessed the
bloody transactlou. A third party, one Morris,
not yet arrested, was fully described,
and other witnesses will to-morrow identify
the balance of the assassins. At the close of the
examination oi several witnesses the Court ad
journed to meet in the Liberal Institute to-morrow,
where the people can be accommodated.
There Is great excitement over the affair, and It
is generally hoped that justice, at least, will be done
in ono of the most atrocious murders ever commit
ted in Utah.
All the accused are Mormons and the victim was
a Gentile, and a Judicial determination will settle
the question whether it was or was not a Churcn
murder.
The determined efforts of tho Mormons and their
paid allies to bring Utah lu as a Mate ts arousing
the indignation of the Gentiles of tho Territory, and
a concerted movement will soon bo made to show
to Congress that the Americans and loyal
citizens or the Territory aro opposed
to the scheme, which must result most disastrously
to the beBt Interests of the Territory. With a Mor
mon and "Jnox-Mormon" State administration,
Utah would be a good deal too hot for uentlles.
Before Utah is admitted the American portion of the
population propose to be heard.
KEDICO-LEGAL S CI STY.
Tfee Proposed New Act in Uegurd to Abor
tion?Dr. Woostor Beach ou "Homicide by
Poisoning."
The Medico-Legal Society held a very interesting
meeting last evenlug at their hall, Fourth avenue
and Twenty-third street, Dr. Rogers presiding.
After the nsual routine business Dr. O. Day read
the report of the Committee on Criminal Abortion,
he being the chairman of the committee.
The report was well framed and calculated to in
spire the meeting with the soundness oi the views
It advocated. It aimed to change altogether the
law respecting abortion as It now stands. As will
be seen below, It is aslced that tho crime of abor
tion shall be In future adjudged In the oourts not as
manslaughter In the second degree, but simply as a
felony, without any spcclflo name, and not liable to
any limit of punishment, except in tho limit or four
years as the least term of imprisonment. The fol
lowing Is the act which It Is intended to lay before
the next Legislature for enaction into law:?
An aot for tho better prevention of the procurement of
abortions and other like offeuces and to amend the law*
Thepeople of the State of New York, repreeented In the
Senate and Assembly, do enact as follows:
Skotion 1 The first section of an act entitled "An aot
relating to the procurement of abortion* and other like of
fence*," pasted May 6, 186H, 1* hereby annexed, ana shall
read at folowsi?
Skotion l.?Any person who shah administer to any
woman with chtuf, or prescribe for any such woman, or
advise or procure her to take, any medicine, drug, eub
stance or thing whatsoever, or shall uso or employ, or
advise or procure her to submit to the use or employ
ment of any Instrument or other means whatever
with Intent thereoy to produce the miscarriage of
auy such woman, unlets the earn* shall have
bt en necessary to preserve her life or that of *uch child,
mall. In case the death or auch child or of auch woman be
thereby produced, be deemed guilty or a felony, and upon
conviction ahall be punished by imprisonment In a State
prison for a term not less than four years.
Sxc. 2. ?The eighth section of the first article of tho second
title or the first chapter of the fourth part of the revised
statutes Is hereby repealed.
Keu. 3.?This act shall take offset Immediately.
Signed by the obalrmaii of the committee and Stephen
Rogers, M. L>.; George K. shrudy, M. D.; Klbrldge T. Gerry,
William SUrady, Ou.iu ngS. Bedford, Judge.
A committee then appointed, consisting of
Dr. Rogers, Dr. Hammond, Dr. O'Dea and Judge
Redford, to see thai me bill be passed through the
Legislature and to take the Initiatory steps thereto.
As Dr. Roach was absent, owing to Ulnoss, Ids
paper was read by another Doctor. Tuc paper wfts
remarkably interesting, giving a number or
Illustrations derived from tho criminal
courts of remarkable murders by the action
of poison. As a practical remedy for present
grievances the following was suggested:?
Undoubtedly modern science has given valuable
aid and continues every day to add strength to the
law in accomplishing this object. The wholesome
fear to the criminal exerted by the adroitness of
the chemist in bringing secret murder to light, cer
tainly exerts a strong influence in preventing cnme,
but wo need something more for tne protection or
the community. We want to know with certainty
the precise cause of death or of an attack oi lUness
afflicting any oue of Its members, and It Is only In
this way that wc can positively know that the
poisonor Is not at work among us.
That this obiect Is not now attained, even In cases
where suspicion should have been excited, 1 think
I have shown. Can It be doner I believe it may,
at least to answer the purpose Indicate 1, and it Is
on the medical proiesssion that the uuty ol accom
plishing it Talis.
In the first place physicians In goneral practice
should be better versed in medical jurisprudence,
and more especially in toxicology.
Our colleges now only touch on these subjects,
and that moatly with the object of not leaving the
student entirety unacquainted with the uuues of a
medical witness.
Were forensic medicine more thoroughly and uni
versally taught, even in its present state, we would
have in the physician a guardian of Uie lives of our
citizens In everv household, and it would be almost
an impossibility for homicide by secret poisoning to
occur.
With increased attention to the subject our ac
quaintanco with It would extend, and more caretul
stndr would so per ect the science that much that
is now vague and uncertain In it would be replaced
by positive and substantial knowledge, symptoms
especially upon which the medical attendant must
invariably rely for his discovery of illness by poison
weuld with greater care to observation and classi
fication be adequate to reduce to a certainty what
now can only be considered a probability.
There are many cliaogea in the mode of adminis
tering tne law that would add to the certainty of
detection or secret poisoning, hut tuelr considera
tion would lurnlsh abundant matorlal lor another
paper. I will here merely allude to these changes,
without attempting to show now they could be car
ried out.
Ftrat?All dead bodies should bo viewed by a
proper medical officer before burial.
Second? Post-mortem examinations should be
more frequently aod more thoroughly made.
Third?A chemist appointed by government
should always suud ready to make analyses when
ie?""r/A?'The bureau that Inspects certificates of
death and grants permits lor burial should uso
greater circumspection in its operation.
ruth?Vo body should ?e Interred or a burial cer
tificate granted by uu uneducated physician.
A BROOKLYN BURGLARY.
Heavy Diamond liobbury?"nnietlilnu Now.
Shortly after six o'clock last evening the resi
dence of A. Gutierrez, 172 Cumberland street, near
Fort Greene, was entered by a robber, who carried
off the following rich spoil:?One diamond set of
ladles' Jewelry, valued at $2,700; one gold watch,
$250; one set diamond jowelry, $300; one set, $700;
one set of knives, $76; one gold chain, $80; one
pockeibook, containing $200; one goid-headod
cane, $20. The rogue adopted the novel
plan of scaling the pta.tza to the second
Htory window, which he raised, and enter
ing the apartment worked at his leisure in secur
ing the rich plunder aoove eutire, wlilie the
family were enjoying tnelr supper peaceably in ihe
When
basement. When Mr. Gutierrez went up stairs
he discovered that tne doors on the second
floor were locked, which excited his suspi
cion. Going out upon the roof or the piazza he
found that the iront blinds were closed uud fast
ened by a rope. The, police are looking after tho
tnier and Ids spoil, but tlicir prospects of success
are slender indeed.
THE GRAND JURY ON THEIR ROUNDS.
Tbey Visit Essex Market Prison?Tlipy Praise
Hip Prison, but Condemn the Prisoners' Box
In Unmeasured Terms.
The Grand Jury paid a visit yesterday afternoon
to Essex Market Prison and inspected things
throughly. The prison is under the joint charge of
Thomas Snlltvnn and Michael Collts. It was pro
nounoed In all respects a model prison, and superior
ioany in New i ork. But when the gentlemen saw
the prlsouer box adjoining the court room no
language could exprea their evideut disgust, it
was conceded on nil sides that it was uulll for
the brute creation, much tens human beings.
It was also suggested thai there shou'd tie two sop.
urate apartments, onu lor mou and one tor womoii.
'Ilie ooun room Used Is always in a nitli.v condition,
and much needs reform in its management. There
seems to be nobody responsible lot the condition of
timi^
WOMAN'S RIGHTS.
Meeting of the Female Frauds of the Forlorn
Franchise at Chickering Hall.
Speech by Mrs. Julia Ward Howe-A Subsc ip
tion Taken Up-One or the Disaf
fecied Speakj Her Mind.
Chtckerlng's flail on Fourteenth street, a few
doors east of Delmontco's, is usually devoted to ttie
purpose of having young ladies practice on grand
pianos, who are about to maico a ddbut either in po
lite society, beforo tne august smiles of a friendly
coterie, or when they are intended to break ground
on the operatic stage. Long-haired gentlemen, with
aesthetic souls and brains on Are, irom the Rhino and
the I'o are in the habit of visiting this scene of musical
joys to test the power of their lungs and the
patience of Indifferent managers who may be
tempted to listen to their frantic warblings; but
last evening a uow phase exhibited itself at Ohlck
erlng's Hall, when the "New York central Woman's
Suffrage Organization'' met to expound thetr pet
theories in presence of an audience ot about one
hundred persons of both sexes.
It was a curious study to look at these people as
they came tn to hear the ideas which have been
broached with but very little success during the last
five years, since the rebellion exploded, since then
these "women's rights" people nave had a very
to.erable swing In the public prints, and nave made
hay while the sun shone, creating a good deal
of factious excitement here aud there
which is only ephemeral alter all, and does
not seem to Impress even the audiences
who are brought together to listen to them.
This fact was visible last evening at Chickering
Hall, for the majority of tne males in the hall, while
they were being denounced as beasts and tyrants
and "horrid men," laughod heartily, and seemed to
enjoy the scene as ouly men can when they are
ridiculed by women. Thore was a sort of beautiful
respectability about the people that made the
audience sit in a very oppressed way, as if ther
wanted to say something but were alrald
that it would be very Injudicious to speak their
mind in meeting. The ludie3 announced to make
addresses were Mrs, Dr. Clemence Lozter. a very line
old lady, who has one of the best practices In New
York, worth, perhaps, $.10,000 a year. Mrs. Julia
Ward Howe, the high-toned lady from Boston; full ol
Athenian lore and with liypatia brows, sbe seemed
fit to carry the wisdom or Minerva's brain tn her
noble forehead. Mrs. Wilbour, tall and graceful aud
quite polite to the reporters, was attired in a neat
fitting dark suit and wore her bonnet, as it was only a
half-dress affair. Mrs. Howe was In evening di ess.
Just as she appears in lier elegant parlors amoDg
the Mayflower celebrities and the divinities or
Greece, and that lesser and later but more un
fortunate republic, the Isle of Crete. Miss Liille
Devereux Blake, who was placed on the programme
as the chairwoman o! the Committee on Public Meet
ings, sat on the stage robed In a black silk dress of
heavy material, the ilounc?s being in the style ot tbo
first empire, and gold chains pendant from
her well-formed neck. A German lady,
who was quite prosaic in her appcarunco, named
Mrs. Neymaun?just now Germans are the lasht n?
made a speech in which she patronizingly said that
she was glad that the American people were begin
ning to attain to the full standard of liberty, and
then all else was undeniably aside from tbo great
question' believed in by these excited ladles. Mrs.
Howe wore a lace shawl, which only caine to her
waist, worth $1,200, and delivered a very good and
In the main a very sensible address. she
said that she coula find it> society the
source of all tyranny aud the sauction of all liberty.
People who were only conscious of the oppositions
01 society became eiiher despots or partisans of the
fMJncffi u .nWcHi;
the restraint laid upon women has been imposed
under the guise of nrmectlon. a woman was sub
ject to the pleMura or a man with uo
guarantee on his part and With a loss of
.??r?ct?r ,on he.r Pai t- -be Is said to be under
the protection of that man. Mrs. Howe toucned
very gently here on the necessity of giving womefi
the franchise, and aeuli savagely withiae Irish, who
are not In favor ot women's suffrage, ana did not
?PTJ. P??rt Istnorani. negro, w nose votes will be
wanted by and by for the female Euilratristx. Mrs.
eloquently closed by deprecating violence,
?f la?8"Age or actions, on the
part of the woman s rights people ami
they should go forward on
'anPlatform. Mrs, Howe believes wonm/i
to be in a state ol military subjection, and stated so
last eveDlng, while sbe said that men were oul?
.a c!i',c dispensation. H'omen were I
wronged by horrid men. and the reply was "ion 1
Deniicmen, supposo you find out I
whether we cannot reason or not. The days ot
rorco were passed lor all of God's creatures
Mrs. LiLf.iR Devekecx Bi.ake made a funnr I
dh0D,.o?,llc,ng "'e horrid monsters or men I
and orushed them with humorous syllogisms sue
^frightful outrage* on wor^an a?
m., h 1 Meclion.' where one was allowed to vote. I
t0, And7 aarvey's frightful i.clt
tolling monotonously and mockingly calling upon
citizens to vote, and meanwhile giorious woman
hood was deprived of a vote.
*1 Mw- Dr- t'i.Ei?K\cft Lozier, a fine, dig
1 aroso ?hd dismissed the audleuco
flint wlLX11?" PeoP,e of the male sex and the
le?t the hafj. ?Ue8 ?r l"6 fem,nlue aad
m^Ht^iei?iERATD,ir?porter was loftvlng the hall a
mairlod lady, well-known in the ranks of the femiie
suffragists in this city, approachod him?there are
always women who will betray women?and said to I
wouidhem-'hen-8 Wa/' ?Cln|r afrald that tae otaera I
"I am sorry that we are not better represented
here this beautiful evening by the practical women
m' juce-tMw-poHs. You may seo for youreeU
that these very exclusive people of the Sorosis have
Pose, noble and virtu,"* gSmH Mr?
Woodhull and Miss clatlln; and why is it sov win
tXC?Ucrnvere?'rfs',"sbanw,,s and ,'uihe Jare afraWand
gotern those who are hero to-night. Sorosis
wto.?? aa? mu,,t keep 11s out: but I came
without an Invitation, and I subscribed
for ?he?hLnC on". ,to nl*llf- Fortr dollars was paid
for the ball, and I paid my share. Not one of the
exciusives wore invited to the Grand Duke's ball 1
and 1 bey are ail mad about it and "he imise in the 1
newspapers about the Tainmany thieves has made
mnn?h. i!0,rlee a," ?bouf lhem for the last three
5 "ths. It 1takes ladles ?r high social position, like I
Miss Buraett Coutis, to achieve anything in 1 ris war
but all the ladles here are poor. and The wivoT or
daughters of workinamen. so It Is verv hard work
metrnlLm' Uere tUe reporter'and'tho'uSj"?
WOMAN SUFFRAGE IN WYOMING.
A Bloto to the (niij-Hmntnn i>Iovo?n< iit.
Cheyenne, Wyoming. Dec. 14, 1871.
The bill to repeal the law in Wyoming giving
women tne right of the suffrage has passed rne
House, tbe Governor's veto notwithstanding, bv the
following vote:?Veas?Uhur, c'nstio, Clark, Dayton,
Kngeudull. lease. Sneaks, Talbot and Wilson.
Hays?Brown and Haley. The- Repeal bill was
lost in the Council for want of the requisite two
thirds vote. Tho lollowing is the vote:?Yeas?
Bennett, Harrison, Nuckniis, Potter and Steele.
Nays?Coroett. Downey, Fisher and Gales.
KINGS COUNTY REPUBLICi!V9.
There was a lively session of tbe Republican Gene,
ral Committee held last evening at the headquarters
over the Post Office. Daring a discussion upon the
acceptance of a petition to appoint three Super
visors of Flection to act in the Fifteenth ward at
the approaching primary to elect delegates to the
General Committee, u motion was made to appoint
supervisors In eacn ward and couuiy town. An
amendment was otiered that in any ward where it
Is asked lor by one delegate two supervisors shall
bo elected from each faction and one by tho General
Committee. This amendment was laid on the table.
It was then moved to revise the rolls of the seven
teenth ward, under the direction of supervisors to
be appointed therefot. This was adopted amid
considerable noise and confusion.
SOUTH CAROLINA KU KLUX TRIALS.
COMWntA, Dec. 14, 1871,
In tho Ku Klox trial to-day the Court was chiefly
occupied in hearing witnesses for the defence, who
testified to the alarm ami excitement among nil
classes in York county caused by the organization
of a negro militia.
The Grand Jury to-day found tine bills against
several more of the alleged conspirators ot York
county.
CHAMPION WRESTLERS.
Mcl.aiigliliu nud Lane in n Contest nt Pitts
burg for tbe Championship.
Pittsbi bu, Pa., Dec. 14, 1871.
A most brilliant and artistic display of strength
and agility was witnessed this evening, at Lalayette
Hall, In a wrestling match for tho belt between
Minor McLaughlin, of onetdA couuiy, N. Y.. chain
pion, and Homer l.nne. of New York, terminating in
tavor oi McLaughlin.
PRISON REFORM IN CONNECTICUT.
Htivrroun, Conn., Dec. 14, 1871.
Governor Jewell has appointed Dr. P. W. Russell
and Cb trios D. Warner, or Rartford, nnd Mr. Francis
Wayland Commissioners to report to the next Legis
lature upon prison discipline and reform. The
Com miss loners will visit some of the government
penal institutions of tne country as wen as the jui
sons ot our own Htate, In order to suggest plans mr
the improvement tu prison management here if it
JltfUlUBNntJtfMtffc
0 AN AD A.
Discontent In the Ontario
Legislature.
A Vote of Want of Confidence In
the Government Passed.
Great Excitement Over the
Resolution.
Toronto^ Oat., Deo. la, 1871.
The debate la the Legislature of Ontario oo the
address Id reply to the Lieutouao t-aovoruor's speeoh
has lasted since Monday, The amendment of Mr.
lllake, leader of the opposition, condemning the
government having control of surplus funds, which
are to be applied to assist railroads, was carried by
a vote or 40 to 33.
Mr. McKenzie has moved a resolution of want
of confldenoe tn tne government, to be added to Mr.
Blaae's amendment. The following is the resolution
proposed by Mr. MoKenale"That we Inform your
Excellency that we nave no confidence in the min
istry that is attempting to carry out, la reicrence to
the control of the said fund of $1,300,000, usurpa
tion rraught with danger to the public liberty and
constitutional government."
The Attorney General tn reply atatee that one
tenth of the members of the House were absent,
owing to disputed returns, and that the government
would give consideration to the vote of to-night
when the House was lull, and then would haro no
objection to turn his governmdnt out of ofiice.
A division on MoiCenzte's resolution will proba
bly not come off to. night. It will be very close.
There is considerable exoitement and the galleries
are crowded.
THE LIQUOR QUESTION.
Meeting of tlie Connecticut Prohibition State
Convention.
In pursuance of a call issued by a number of gen
tlemen prominent in the temperance cause, a State
Convention was held in New Haven, at ltrewsier
Iiall, yesteruay, for the purpose of organizing a third
party and nominating a State ticket to be voted for
next April. About one hundred delegates assembled
at tho hall at ten o'clock in the fore
noon and organized by electing Henry D.
Smith, of Plantsvllle, temporary Chairman,
and Ilenry B. Brown, of New Haven, Secretary.
Iter the reading or the call committees were ap
pointed on permanent organization and resolu
tions, me former reported a list of persons for per
manent oiflcore, headed by Professor W. It.
Walkcley, ot Plantsviile, lor President. They were
elected, and Mr. Walkeley, upon taking the chair,
returned hts thanks and endorsed the movement
for a third party. A State Central Committee was
appointed, aiter which a platform was reported
from tho Committee ou Resolutions.
By luvltation of the convention Rev. S. n.
Platt, of Bridgeport, gave his views upon the
resolves. His remarks wore devoted clnetiy to
giving tne reasons lor forming anothor parry, which
wore in enect that neither the democratic nor re
publican party would do anything for tho tem
po ranco cause.
k?v. mt. Hili.iaup followed, expressing similar
views. -i
The resolutions were thou tabled, to bo taken up
In the atternoon.
The Conventlou then nominated the lohowlng
SlWe ticket:?
Governor?Francis Gillette, of Hartford.
Hentvnunt (Jovtrnw? A. S. Beardsley. of Ply
mouth
Secretary? Hiram P. Lawrence, of Norfolk.
Treasurer?George Greenman, or Mvstic.
Comptroller?batmoy carr, of Bridgeport.
The convention then adiourned for dinner.
In the atternoon It reassembled and adopted the
resolutions separately, utter somo discussion, one
resolution, de: oiinciiig railroad consolidation was
rejected. After adopting the resolutions a prarer
was oiferod, and then the Convention adjourned
THK I'LATKORX
as adopted is as follows:?
Assembled to organize a political party for the legal mo
prcssion of the ll.,uor t re (tic end for the iocompllahment of
such olbei' retorma as will promote the welfare knd eohanco
the ban; iness ot the state we adopt, aa expressive of our
principles and purposes, the following resolutions
Resolved. That the foundation principle or the State fa
public virtue, and Ita atiprenic lutcreat the public safe's and
hat, there.ore that I. hostile to the State which corrupu thi
one or Impair* the other.
Resolved, That nothing ao corrupta public virtue or lm
Pai!?* J.ho p,"b c welfare aa the traffic tn intoxicating Honors
irafl,c <?.to?mt 'Xu'j
Resolved That such la the depravity of those en-need In
and (importing the trafltc that its suppression can be effected
only by force of executed law, and auch Is ha orgamzud
power that it sets private assault upon It at dellance; there
fore the State, as in duty bound to protect its citizens, shou'd
enact all laws needful to Its suppression, and shoulil exe.
cute suoh laws through lis own oflicers and by its own
organized power.
Resolved, That the record of the existing political partlea
of the state forbids the hope that either of them can be ro
lled on. If charged with the administration of the State to
execute Us laws against the liquor traiile, and therefore those
Injured by that traffic ahou.d now no longer roly on those
protection11' a?' <,'roc"' an(' Independently for tbelr own
Resolved, rhat, In organizing for this end, we make a clear
distinction between temperance as an enterprise for the
moral relormalion of men and prohibition aa a measure of
the civil protection of ths Slate ithat, a. a reformatory
work. It abould be prosecuted onfr hy moral means: and
therefore, while teeling In It, as aucfi a work, the deepest In
terest, and recognizing our undiminished obligations as lndl
vlduals to labor la It. and bidding it, as conducted by the rs.
rioiis relormatory organizations of the State, the warmest
and heartiest (lod-speed, that it Is not the function of the
party to do this work.
Resolved, That while the temperance work Is thus to he
conducted only by moral means, lbs civil protection of citi
zens from wrongs and Injuries, in their persons and prop
erty, from the liquor traffic, can be secured only through
law, and that therefore such protection la a proper subleet
of political action, and this is the case of the liquor nuisance
as in that of any other pub ic nuisance of the State.
Resolved, That to the suppression of the liquor traffic by
these means this organization Is pledged, and that It will
prosecute It with all its energies aud resources until It is ac
complished.
Resoive.l. That out of the liquor Uafflc aa its source comes
largely that special peril of our Institutions, the rreval'lng
public corruption or our time. It inflames the pa<slons!
clouds the intellect, weakens the conscience, thus brutalizing
the man; and having thus personally demor
alize! hi in It then plies him with the Inlluencea of
public corruption, beguiling him with Its offers,
and Intimidating htm with Its threats It la the
aim or this party to reform this corruption; and to this end
It will demand uprightness of obaracter In lis candidates for
public office, and Integrity In the administration of public
affairs that the same principles of morality and accounta
bility shall rills in public as In pr rats life; and It will array
Ijselr as an Implacable foe against public selfishness and
dishonesty, and use its utmost endeavors to weed out all
rascals from positions of public trust, and put In tbelr places
honest men.
Resolved, That In this connection we especially commend
the fidelity and ability with which the llartiord A's-m
exposes and pursues the corruptions of tho lobby system of
Ihe Slate, ana we encourage It to persevere in this necessary
and nasty work till this Augean stable Is thoroughly
cleansed.
Resolved, That we are In favor of a reform In the clv'l ser
vice of (be country by which qusllDcatlons for the office shall
be required of every applicant for a position under the gov
ernment, and by which no ofliceholuer shall be turned out of
bl? offoe *avc lor misconduct or Inability.
Resoived, That onn or the moit formidable perils of the
future la the system of gigantic consolidations now looming
over the land, and that the virtue ot the people ai d the wis
dom of the Legislature abould be combined in an endeavor
to break its threatening power.
Resoivod, That the laborer is worthy of his hire, and his
hire should lm sucli aa will compensate him for bis labor;
and tbls while It allowa bim time for due eujoyment of his
borne and of society, and for the Intellectual and aplrltual
culture of himself as a man
Reso'ved, Thai as women and helpless children are the
chief sufferers from ths liquor traffic their rights should ha
considered in dealing with It, and their wishea bo expressed
In all proper ways.
Resolved. That lbs success of republican Institutions is
conditioned on ths virtue and Intelligence ot the people, and,
therefore, education, both Intellectual end moral, should
constitute one of tbs foremost concerns of the State.
Resolved, that In the progress of civilization the time
has come when the old barbarous matbod of settling na
tional difficulties by war should come to nn end: and we hall
with profound satisfaction the conclusion of the treaty of
peace between this nation and the mother country, and we
express the hope that the friendly relations thus established
between tbeae two greal members of the Kngllsh speaking
race may continue while their history endures.
Resolved, That the name of this party shall be the Union
Reform party of Connecticut, and It shall be constituted of
those who adopt Its principles and associate themselves
together to realize them.
Resolved, That our reliance In the enterprise In which wo
are engaged la on Ihe truth and justice of our cause, (he Intel
licence aod virtue of the people, and above all on tbs
almighty power of Uod, whom we recognize as the enemy of
everv evil and the friend of every goo I cause, and on film
humbly confess our dependence and devoutly implore HI*
aid.
The ticket politically stands three republican* ami
two democrat*, the latter being rhe candidate* lor
Secretary ol rttato and Comptroller. The ticket
will probably control enough strength to throw the
election ot Hie next Governor into the Legislature.
VIEWS OF THS PAST.
DECKMHEK 15
iS'.'-4?Itaitlo of Nashville, Tenn., organ.
l*a?-Tiie general I'ost Gftlce and Patent Office la
Washington mimed; all the models, draw
tugs. Ac., contained iu the Uttot building were
a 11 est roved.
1H14? ihe Hartford convention commenced.
1083?Izaak Walton died.
Quite a land ot missionaries arrived In tho ctiy
yesterday Rom Suit Lake, under the leadership of
Elder Robert McKendrlck, a Hcoiohmnn, formerly
01 Lowell, noWabnlcher in Tooele county, Utah.
Tho "bre.hren" ate sent to "testily" 01 tho Judg
ment* toai.-.0
VIRGINIA CHIVALRY.
Two "Respectable" Sporting Men in
Deadly Combat at Richmond.
A Point of Honor for a Ballet?On* fievvre'y
Woaaded and the Other in the
Hands of the Potior.
rioumond, Deo. 14, ten.
Richmond has been again excited to-day over the
occurrence of one o( those periodical tragedies
which mark the aunals of ail commnultles where
the custom of carrying deadly weapons is tolerated.
Hinoe the killing of Klves Pollard no event has oc
curred which bos so stirred the people as the shoot
ing or John D. .SnelUng.i In front of the Post Odlce,
In the very business centre of the otty, by Androw
Montelro. This Happened about half-past one
o'clock, and when the street was crowded with
people.
FACTS OF TITS FIOBT.
Tho facts of the rtmronlre are briefly these:?
Messrs. Snellings and Montelro aro prominent
sporttng men and had been partners up to a recent
period In carrying on an extensive establishment
They dissolved their pariueranlp about tbrea
mouths since, and from that time there has boon
considerable ill reeling between them, growing oat
or thesotliement or their airairs. This morning Mr.
Suelllugs was told by a friend that Montelro had
been talking about bitu In a very scandalous man
ner.
SNELLINGS STR1K1N0 TUB FIRST BLOW.
He at once went in searoh of that gentlemen, and.
finding him In front or the Post omce, at onoa
struck him. The first blow uld not led him, but a
second one did, and Snelitngs was abont to klox hiaa
In the face, wheu ho was seized by tho bystanders
and prevented.
MONTKIRO REPLIES WITH A PISTOL BALL.
Montelro rose to his knees, having succeeded
while down in drawing a small Derringer pistol
from his pooket, and turned upon Sneillngs and
fired. He was so close at the time that the powder
burned the coat of the latter. Tho ball took effaot on
Snellings' body, entering between the fifth and sixth
ribs and lodgtug In the lungs. Montelro started ta
leave, when Snelitngs drew his pistol, and, although
staggering from the effects or the 3hot, fired twtoa
at his retreating antagonist, but wtthont effect.
TUB W0l)NDKI> MAN FELL
to the pavement aud was picked up and borne M
his rooms. A great crowd collected, and the ex
citement continued for several hours In tho
vicinity, and was the subject or general
conversation throughout the city all the after
noon. Snellings is seriously wounded and
but Blight hopes are entertained of his recovery,
lioth parties belong to respectable famines, and
were reared in this city, aad the liveliest sympatby la
manifested by the public in the condition of youugt
snellings. It is generally conceded that Montelro
was jnstifleil in defending himself as lie did.
MONTEIRO GIVES IMMSELF UP TO TUB POLI08.
lie at once surrendered to the police and a walls an
Investigation or the affair. Snellings is a young
man of about twenty-eight years, while Montelro la
verging on forty-five. The mother and Bister, and
his other relations visited Snellings this evening
and were overwhelmed with grief, nis wile is al
present in New Vork on a visit to her family. Tlua
is a double warning against carrying ooncealed
weapons, and against officious tale bearers.
TH2 WEATHER REPORT.
War Department,
Office op the Chief Signal Officer,
WASHINGTON, Dt 0,. 1>8C, 1ft?1 A. M
1
Sunip*^ -A?r fh* fy*- Jwn tf'Jbur Hour*.
The barometer ha* risen from New England and
the lakes to the Ohio Valley, with clear ami clearing
weather. The area of highest baromotet extends
over the Ohio Valley and from Missouri to
Texas. The pressure has fallen from Lake
Superior to Iowa, with rising temperature
am! southwesterly winds. The ralu on the Golf
coast is now followed by clear weather, and
has itself extended northeastward to Capo
Hatteras. The barometer has continued high
on the Pacific coast, bnt u is falling In
Oregon. Increasing northerly winds and falling
temperature prevail west of Alabama, southeasterly
winds on the lakes, northwest winds on the Middle
aud F.asi Atlantic coast.
rorbabilitws.
An area of low pressure will probably advance
northcastwar 1 along the South Atlantic coast Fri
day, with rain from Florida to New Jersey. Falling
barometer aud uorthoasteriy winds prevail In the
Middle States. Stationary or rising barometer
witb clear weather In New England; cold northerly
winds continue In Texas and Louisiana, with rising
barometer. The low barometer in tne Northwest
will probably continue and extend eastward over
the lakes, with Increasing southwesterly winds and
cloudy weathor. failing barometer and possibly rain
In Oregon.
Dangerous winds arc not anticipated for our sta>
ttons to .night.
The Wrntlier In This Vlty Yesterday.
The following record will show tho chaaui la
the temperature for tho past twenty-four nuiri, in
comparison with toe corresponding day of last year,
as Indicated by the thermometer at Uudnut't
Pharmacy, Gerald liullding, corner of Anu street:?
1870. 1871. 1870. 1871.
8 A. M 47 31 8 P. M 47 17
6 A. M 46 29 6 P. M 44 26
9 A. M 46 2ft 9 P. M 42 24
12 M 48 26 12 I*. M 41 22
Average temperature yesterday 2614
Average temperature for corresponding date
last year 4ft
A.?Fmi-nscbrld's Now Annual?A Brilliant
hoi Ma/ hat for gentlemen, has Just been issued at 118 Nas
sau street.
A.?Herring's Parent
CHAMPION SAFE*,
Jftl Uruatwsy, i >fnr Mirny r.Mt
Ask for No re llnda Operas, |1|^ Oratorios*
60c; Organ Books, 60c.; Piano Books, 60c. 751 Broadway.
A.?To Those that Desire to Avoid the Tre
mendous rush at the Dollar Store, we would advise tbem to
call bi-lwesn S and lo A M., or after 8 P. M
The alors will Ire opened at7le A. N. and remain opeo
until lUJg P. ,M., until l urtber notice.
The Great Orislnal Dollar Store
Is located at 867 Broadway, opposite Bond street.
A.?Jtoynl Unman Lottery J. B. fthrMnrS
A CO., Bankers, 10 Wall st.; boa 4,686 New York Post offlce
4.-30,000 t iinice Pooka, Suitable far
holiday presents, at once* to suit the times.
JullN PYNK, 10? Nassau street.
A.?Knox Done M?re Then Ills Nbars
during the cold weather with which we hare already been
visited to make people comfortable. Ills picturesque rape
bare covered more bead* and hie capacious oollars hare encir
cled more throats luan the caps and collars of anr of his nu
merous competitors. We are never allowed to forget KNOX,
for when the weather I* bright and eihlliraling, we sew
KNOX reflected lo bis hata, and when it Is bleak and cold
enough to make the "fur By" we bars the comiortablt assur
ance that KNOX Is not "fur off."
flntehelor'n llnlr Dye?The Beat In ike
world .the only perfect dye; harmless,reliable, instaataneoia.
At all druggist*.
4 hrlstma*.?Embroidered Toilet Nippers,
presents for gentlemen; all stylee of Boots and Shoes for
ladles and children. MILLER A CO., Union Square.
Din mom! Klnas nt Wholesale Prices.
GEO. C. ALLEN. 841 Broad way, near Fourteenth St.
tlohilny Presents of Alfortlea and Cliority
for wife, mother, sleter and friend.
WIInELER A WILSON'S SKWINO MACHINES,
6J5 Broadway.
I.lndemnn At Hans'
Cycloid and Square Pianos.
Pianos sold on Instalments, old ones taken tn etchaog
and Pianos to let. Warerumne, 9J Bieecker street.
"Pike's Tnotliu.be llrsp*'M'nr# in One ?Hn
itle.?HILL'S HAIR "VE. Mack or brown, nnirftd cent*.
If oval Havana I. fiery.?The Highest Kate*
paid for Doubloons, all ill of Ooll an I .-three.
TAYLOR i Co., a. it?rs,ll Walisursst, Nssr f*t
NtelnwaV A Mo
GRAND SgUAi: AND UPRIGHT PIANO*.
Old Pianos taken inst hanje. Illustrated catalogue* arst
tVsr'-isio'ins steinway Hall, 10J and 111 East Fourteenth
street, New tor*.
YVitrnot-k A Co., Hatters, 5111 Hreadwtty.
Gentlemen's Hdk Hats, $1.
lutdies' Fur*.
Gentlemen's and Boys' Fur Caps, Mufflers and Glove*.
All the new style felt Hate; moderate pricoe.
ft 330 Rets nr.' for f'nse lll-otimiishsni or Ne*.
raigla Dr. FITLKR'S KHBUMATU: SYKUP will sol enj
A guarantee lo cure ?r no c'ja^|.^Hoiiit rsltrsntfa I SI'S