®be ffianeet.
""TaMkTB. FERGUSON'. Editor.
I'ntlgeloii. \ov. lOlh. t87I.
ESCAPE OF THE E. A. HORTON.
Wo may be able to settle all questions
with England albeit General Butler in de
fault of any other excitement, tried the
other night to stir up Philadelphians by
showing that the Treaty of Washington was
an unmitigated swindle, in which our unso
phisticated representatives were taken in
and done for. But with tho Dominion wo
shall have peace only when wc swallow and
digest it.
A new speck of war is on the horizon.
The particulars of the ease appear to be as
follows A short time since, tho E. A.
Horton, while on a fishing cruise, was
seized by tho British authorities for an al
leged violation of the Fishery law as rati
fied between the United 8tates and Eng
land. The vessel was taken into the port
of Guysborough, Nova 8eotia, and with
her officers and crew detained for several
weeks awaiting the decision of the Vice-Ad
miralty Court. The investigation of the
case was delayed from day to day and from
week to week, until the Horton and her of
ficers were found to bo missing one morning
from her berth in Guysborough. Tho dis
covery created an intense excitement in that
port and the neighboring one of Halifax,
N. 8., and therefore it was determined at
once to send a man-of-war in pursuit of the
audacious little Yankee schooner and teach
her that it was dangerous to thus trifle with
English laws. The story concerning her es
cape, and it comes from the Guysborough
authorities, is that on a dark and stormy
night of last week when tho elements were
raging, and at a time when it was thought
to l>e madness to attempt to put to sea, par
ticularly from the dangerous and rock
bound coast of Nova Scotia, Captain Tony,
master of the E. A. Horton, aided by some
daring American seamen from the Straits
of Canso, succeeded in getting the vessel
out ami started her on a homeward voyage.
When the morning dawned, and the Yankee
fishing schooner was discovered to be
“gone,” the chagrin of the Britishers was
beyond imagination. Notice of the affair
was telegraphed to Halifax, and that old
Rip Van Winkle town, from the citadel
down to the dockyard, fairly trembled with
rage and mortification to think that a few
Yankee sailors should or could have the im
pudence to steal a little fishing-smack of a
few tons right from under the muzzles of
Her Majesty’s guns. No time was lost by
the authorities of Halifax in arriving at a
conclusion in the premises, and in less than
linnrs flm TT<ii*trm IishI ripnm-fpH
from her moorings in Guysbovnugli, a Brit
ish steam-cutter was plowing her way up
the coast in the hopes of heading off the
runaway.”
Gloucester, Massachusetts, was all astir
with excitement when the event was re
ported. The sum of S700 was subscribed
by the citizens for the purpose of giving
each of the six brave men composing the
crew #f the Horton $100, upon their arrival
in port. In addition to this, a large sum of
money was subscribed to give a fitting ova
tion all day, and the Gloucester Cornet
Band was stationed at Easton, where there
was also a couple pieces of •artillery. The
programme was that when the vessel was
signaled from the lower light, the cannon
was to proclaim it to the inhabitants, when
the bells were to pea! forth the glad news
and if in the night, their dwellings wore to
be illumin ited ccoiding to the pro
gramme, old Gloucester was to witness such
a season of rejoicing and congratulation as
it seldom falls to the lot of any community
to witness.
The schooner in due time made her ap
pearance, and the grand reception was
given. The population turned out en manse,
and, headed by the Gloucester Cornet Band,
marched to the Town Hall, which was tilled
to its utmost capacity, to welcome Captain
Knowlton and his crew in rescuing the Hor
ton as a rightful one. He closed by pre
senting to Captain Knowlton on behalf of
the donors, a purse of $1,000, the gift of
his fellow-citizens, to enable him to defray
a portion of the expenses lie had incurred.
Captain Knowlton returned thanks for the
generous action of his friends, and, as he
assured them, he was no speech-maker.
Mr. B. H. smith made a response for him,
giving a graphic description of the events
connected with Captain Knowlton’s ex
ploit. This roused the audience to a high
pitch of enthusiasm. Captain Knowlton
was escorted to his residence by a large con
course of people, and it was midnight be
fore the town resumed its wonted quiet.
And now in the midst of this enthusiasm
is’nt it too bad to have one’s patriotism
treated to a cold water bath after this fash
ion. We quote from the Tribune It
would be wise for tlio Dominican Govern
ment to sniilo at this little escapade as a
good joke, and say no more abont it; hut
that is not the Dominion way, especially
when they happen to be in the right. Cut
ting out the Horton from Guysborough har
bor, while she was in the custody of the Ie
5l*«v wustuuicu auHiuuucB, was a giuso
breach of international law. The perpetra
tors have escaped or are not known, but the
vessel is in an American port; and, if the
British Government makes a demand for
her, she will have to be given up, galling
though such a sacrifice may be. It is well
to cheer the brave captors and toss caps in
air when the gallant little craft, with the
Stars and Stripes flying, comes into harbor
but the facts in the case are as pitiless as
they were when we surrendered the prison
ers from the Trent, or would have given up
the Rebel cruiser cut out from Bahia if she
had not been “accidentally sunk” in
Hampton Roads.”
FATAL ACCIDENT.
Ellis A. Leeds, son of Mr. Jacob Leeds

of this city, was accidently killed on Wed
nesday morning last, near Unionvillt, N. J.
Mr. Leeds in company with Charles B.
Fithian, left Bridgeton on the early morn
ing train for the purpose of spending tlio
day gunning in the vicinity of Union Sta
tion, on the West Jersey Railroad. They
had alighted from the train and Mr- Leeds
was standing with his hands crossed over
the top of his gun, and his chin resting on
its muzzle. While standing in this position
the gun from some cause unknown was dis
charged, its contents lodging in his head,
killing him almost instantly. Mr. Leeds’
face was fearfully mangled, and death en
sued immediately. The Coroner was sum
moned and an inquest held over the body,
and the remains of the unfortunate young
man were brought to the home of his pa
rents by the evening train. Mr. Leeds was
about 25 years of age, and was well known
and liked in this community. He leaves
many relatives and friends to mourn his
sorrowful, early death.
jy Rev. Chas. E. Hill, of Mount Holly,
will spend next Sabbath at Fairton, preach
ing in the M. E. Church, morning and even-
iog. An earnest effort is to be made by
the members and friends to pay the debt
on the Church. Friends of religion and
good morals, come over and help us.

Go or send for your Fall Clothes to
auamakea Brown’s.
THE ELECTIONS.
j On Tuesday last elections were held in
'the following named States; New York,
Massachusetts, Illinois, Wisconsin, Missis
sippi, Virginia, Arkansas, Minnesota, Mary
land and Now Jersey. Each of these States
except Maryland, elected the full Repub
lican ticket and Legislatures. We give be
low the result in this County and State.
The election passed oft" here in a quiet and
orderly manner, the party vote on both
sides being pretty well out.
As tho returns arrived from the different
wards and townships the belief was soon
confirmed that the whole Republican ticket
was elected in this county. The candidates
on both tickets being acceptable to their
respective parties, the vote showed their
relative strength, the Republicans making
a decided gain over last year.
The telegraph office was open nearly all
night, and at the head-quarters of each
party there were many waiting for the re
turns from different parts of the State.
About twelve o’clock despatches arrived in
dicating that Parker was elected by a small
majority, which lator news confirmed. The
vote throughout tho State shows where the
different parties lost and gained. In the
First Congressional District, the stronghold
of Republicanism, there was only one mem
her of the Legislature defeated, viz Clias.
Wilson, oi the Second Assembly District,
of Camden County. The following returns
are all that can be had up to the hour of
going to press
Cumberland County.
Cumberland County majorities—Walsh,
Bridgeton, 186; Millville, 9ft; Landis, 49ft;
Hoj>ewoll, 68; Stoe Creek, 39; Greenwich,
135; Downe, 48; Fairfield, 1.
♦Parker—Maurice River. 1; Deerfield, 107.
Sheppard—Bridgeton, 23; Hopewell, 43;
Stoe Creek, 44; Greenwich, 131; Downe, 18;
Fairfield, 3; Millville, 103; Landis, 490.
♦Grosscup—Maurice River, 17; Deerfield,
141.
Whiticar—Bridgeton, 179; Hopewell, 68;
Stoe Creek, 58; Greenwich, 135; Fairfield,
40. Haley—Downe, 1.
Willetts—Millvilie, 70; Landis, 724; Maur
ice River, 71. '.Martin—Deerfield, 112.
White—Bridgeton, 313; Stoe Creek, 59;
Hopewell. 68; Greenwich,-, Downe, 47;
Fairfield, Millville, 80; Landis, 501.
♦Lndlam—Maurice River, 3; Deerfield,——.
♦Democrat.
Walsh, 1,083 majority. Sheppard, for
i Senator. 800 majority.
New Jersey elects a Democratic Gov
ernor by 3.000 majority. The Republicans
i have twenty majority in the Legislature.
Camden County.
Walsh, Rep., 550 majority Brown, Rep.,
for Surrogate, 500 majority Sheriff, Fred
ericks,- Dem., 300 majority. Two out of
three Assemblymen, Republican.
Gloucester County.
Walsh, Rep.. 530 majority; Garrison,
■>ep., Biienn, »iu majority, notii ltepuo
lioan Assemblymen elected.
Salem County.
Walsli, Rep., "0 majority. Dorrcll and
Hewitt, Republicans, are both elected to
the Legislature.
Cl ape May.
Walsh, 192 majority. Whole Republican
ticket elected.
Atlantic County.
Walsh, 337 majority. Moore, for tlie
Senate, and Cavileer for Assembly, both
Republicans, are elected by 300 majority.
Beroen County.
Parker, Dem., 200 majority. Republi
can -Lerifl' elected by 69 majority. Both
Democratic Assemblymen elected.
Hudson County.
Parker, Dem., 2,276 majority. Three
Assemblymen and one Democratic Senator
elected.
Hunterdon County.
Parker, Dem., 1600 majority. Demo
cratic Assemblymen elected.
Passaic County.
Walsb, 800 majority. Republican As
semblymen all elected.
Somerset County.
Parker, Dem., 193 majority. Assembly
men, two Democrats, and one Republican.
Essex County.
Parker. Dem., 460 majority, Seven out
of nine Republican Assemblymen elected.
Middlesex County.
Parker, Dem., 200 majority. Republican
Assemblymen and Sheriff elected.
In New York State the Republicans were
successful, carrying their State ticket by
40.000 majority. Both branches of the
Legislature are largely Republican, that
party having about thirty majority on joint
ballot. In New York City the Tammany
Democrats for Supreme Judges, and Sena
tors, were nil defeated save “Boss” Tweed,
who was elected by a greatly reduced ma
jority'. General Franz Sigel, Republican,
was elected City Registrar, by 10,000 ma
jority.
Massachusetts elects the entire Republi
can State ticket over the Democrats, Labor
Reformers, and Temperance tickets by 30,
000 majority. The Legislature is over
whelmingly Republican.
Illinois elects the cleaD Republican ticket
by 25,000 majority, and makes a thorough
sweep of the Legislature. Chicago elects
Medil), Republican, Mayor, by 5,000 ma
jority.
Wisconsin emerges from the contest with
8.000 majority for Cadwalder Washburn,
Republicau candidate for Governor. The
Legislature is Republican by a large ma- j
jority.
Minnesota and Kansas carry the solid Re- j
publican State and Legislative tickets by
largely increased majorities.
Mississippi and Arkansas are carried by
the Republicans by majorities averaging
from 15,COO to 20,000.
Maryland elects tlie Democratic State
ticket by 15,000 majority. The Legisla
ture is Democratic.
Virginia is carried by tlie Conservatives
over the Radicals by a large majority.
SELF DEFEATED.
The following truthful remarks from the
Newark Courier, gives somo of the princi
pal causes why Mr. Walsh was defeated.—
It will be seen by the vote that Cumberland
County gave him a good majority:
Mr. Walsh has been defeated for Gov-
ernor, not from any Democratic gain in the
State as the election of a Republican Leg
islature plainly shows, but from defection
in our own ranks. In plainer words, tbo
Republicans of New Jersey have simply
thrown away the Governorship in order to
gratify a purely personal feeling—nothing
more, nothing less. With the result in
Newark principle appeared to have had lit
tle if anything to do—prejudice everything.
Mr. Waish is a gentleman, and the rowdy
element opposed him; he is a prominent
church man, and the irreligious opposed
him; he is of foreign birth and because of j
the same, native Americans opposed him; j
he is of English parentage, and the Irish
opposed him; he is a temperance man, and
the rummies opposed him: lie happens to
be a wealthy manufacturer, and many dis
satisfied working men opposed him; he was
a Sabbath-keeping, and God-worshipping
Christian man, and on that account in ma
ny cases tlie Germans opposed him; in short
every possible consideration whereby per
sonal prejudice of any sort that could be
heightened and intensified was raked lip by
his opponents and most unscrupulously
used to secure his defeat. In that peculiar
business some profossed Republicans were
engaged, and a great many quietly aided
and abetted the job. Had the Republicans
of the Fifth Congressional District simply
done their duty by the principles ef their
party, Cornelius Walsh would to-day, in all
probability, have been Governor of New
Jersey.
SABBATH SCHOOL INSTITUTE.
The Cumberland County Sabbath School
Association opened its Annual Institute iu
the Presbyterian Church at, Greenwich, Oc
tober 3Ht., 1871. President, P.. M. Bate
man, M. D., in tbe chair. Tbe President
in ca’Jiug tbe Institute to order made some
very appropriate remarks touching the im
portance of tbe work in the county.
After devotional exercises Dv. T. C. Lin
coln spoke on the toplo, What will be tbe
nature of tbe piety of the children who go
out from our Sabbath School*.’’ Tho Dr.
took tho position that the piety would be
eminent and intelligent. Next followed a
discussion on the Aim and end of Sab
bath School Work.” Opened by Rev. II.
Wheat, followed by Rev. B. C. Lippincott,
after which tho President appointed the
usual committees. Benediction was pro
nounced by Elder Gillette.
Tbe Afternoon Session commenced at
half-past 2 o’clock. Fifteen minutes were
devoted to devotional exercises. The Pres
ident then introduced Rev. Robert Lowry,
who would conduct the Institute. Mr.
I.owry made some general remarks and then
took up the subject, The Geography of
tho Holy Land.” Rev. Win. M. Jones fol
lowed on tbe “Topography of the Holy
Land.” These addresses wore instructive
and interesting. The conductor then gave
an instructive black-board lesson, subject
The Rich Man and Lazarus.” Rev. It.
H. Davis presented the subject, How can
we secure more of tbe Spiritual element iu
our Sabbath Schools,” iu a timely and in
structive address. All joined in singing,
All hail the power of Jesus’ name.” Ben
ediction by Rev. C. It. Gregory.
The Institute met iu the evening at 7
o’clock. After devotional exorcises the last
topic of the afternoon session was discussed
by Dr. Gregory, Rev. S. C. Dare, Rev. J.
\V. Morton aud Rev. K. H. Davis. Tbe
conductor followed by an address on tbe
Use of the Black-board.” “The follow
ing topic How should tho Gospel be pre
sented to the child,” was then taken up,
and discussed by W. 13. Gillette, J. W.
Morton, C. R. Gregory, B. C. Lippincott.
Tho Question Box was opeued by the con
ductor, and important questions answered.
On Wednesday morning the Institute as
sembled at 10 o'clock. The President con
ducted the devotional services. Owing to a
severe storm there were not many in at
tendance. The conductor took up the first
topic of tbe morning session, Graded Sab
bath Schools.” “How and by whom
should teachers meetings be conducted,”
was introduced by Rev. J. H. Clark, fol
lowed by Rev. B. C. Lippincott, and Rev.
opened. Tho committee on nominating of
ficers made their report as follows :—For
President, W. R. McMicl; Vice-Presidents,
W. Pittengcr, J. J. Reeves, Dr. Spear, 8.
C. Dare Recording Secretary, Rev. 3. C.
r.ippiucott; County Secretary, Samuel Ap
piegit which was accepted and adopted.
Millville was then fixed upon as the place
for the Semi-Annual Meeting
In the afternoon a Children’s Meeting
was held, and notwithstanding tho heavy
rain the church was well filled, and quite a
large attendance of children. Meeting
opened by singing “My Sabbath Home.”
Rev. G. W. Enders then addressed the chil
dren in a very earnest and happy way, ta
king the Watch as a text and illustrating
it in a very impressive manner. Rev. 13. C.
Linpincott was then introduced, and inter
ested the children in one of ins black-board
lessons. Rev. Mr. Lowry followed with a
black-board lesson to the parents. This
session of the Institute closed by electing
delegates to the State Convention as fol
lows Robert M. Estonian, Samuel Ap
plegit, I. D. King, J. C. Bowen.
On Wednesday evening Institute as
sembled at 7 o’clock for devotional exer
cises, after which the conductor gave an ad
dress full of interest, cn Music for the
Sabbath School.” Rev. W. B. Gillette ad
dressed tho Sabbath School Teachers, fol
lowed by Rev. G. W. Enders. The follow
ing Township Secretaries wero elected for
the coming year:—Deerfield, Joseph L.
Davis Downe, Harrison Perry Fairfield,
Robert F. Sheppard Greenwich, Thomas
Snyder Hopewell, .J. C. Bowen Landis,
H. H. Perrigo; Maurice River, Win. Cham
pion Stoe Creek, J. B. Hoffman; Bridge
ton: First Ward, James Stiles; Second Ward,
J. D. Fithian; Third Ward, Daniel Bacon
Millville, John A. Wright. The President
then delivered the closing address in a very
impressive manner. Tho usual resolutions
were passed, doxology sung, and benedic
tion pronounced by ltev. Robert Lowry,
and the Institute adjourned line die.
NEW YORK.
So far, in immediate result there docs not
seem to come any great things from the re
cent upheavals of political corruption in the
city of Mew York. The committee have
made a great deal of fuss—the newspapers
with a noble indifference to their own jiecu
niflrv int.ftrAsts Iiava IpH tliA fiwnf nf t.l-i**
tie, but—the thievos still hold the power,
and only in one or two unimportant in
stances have done any special disgorging of
their plunder. They still live in their mag
nificent mansions instead of state prisons—
they still sit in their splendid carriages in
stead of breaking stones on the highways,
and they still enjoy their splendid incomes
instead of being fod on prison fare from the
bounty of the State. Indeed we aro not
sure but that in the course thiugs are taking
the exposure has not done harm rather than
good. Onco establish the position that in
an open contest between a class of thieves
who wield political power, and the public—
the public goes to the wall, and thieves will
be emboldened for all time to come. The
records of the world show no such case of
gross and glaring corruption—no case in
which it is so openly and terribly proved,
and no'case in which the efforts at a proper
retribution and punishment have been so
feebly met. The community socially has
not ostracized the wealthy plunderers, but
receive them with all the smiles which ap
pertain to the fortunate possessors of mil
lions. Even the churches to which some of
them have the offrontery to belong do not
expel them from their communions, but on
the contrary admit them to their most sa
cred seclusions and sacraments. The loader
of it all has fought out an attempt to polit
ically displace him, and to say the least of
it has not been vanquished. These facts
speak sadly for New York, but they speak
truly. What its future in these respects is
to be does not come vizaged in the brightest
aspects, and on the whole wo are disposed j
to thank God and take courage because we
live in Jersey.
Musical Convention.—Next week, on
Tuesday morning, at-10 o'clock, the eigh
teenth Annual Convention of the Cumber
land County Musical Association opens in
Grosscup’s Hall. The sessions of this body
are always of great interest and profit. Prof.
Wilder led the Convention last fall and met
with great success. His assistants this year
are possessed of superior vocal and instru
mental talent, and we may expect a grand
festival of music throughout. The after
noon matinees will be equal to concerts, and
the two grand concert* on Thursday and
Friday Evenings, will be among the best ev
er given in the city. Bead advertisement In
another column, and apply to John M. Lan
ing, Secretary for a circular.
Drought and Fire in the Northwest.
Our correspondents in the Northwestern
States sends us distressing details of the ef
fects of the two month’s drouth through
out the most of that regiou, and of tho
terrible fires wbiohhave, ins groat measure
resulted therefrom. The 4*rih is dried to
6uch a depth that it sets is a conductor,
and living trees arc Calling bom the action
of the fire which undeniiues them.—
Streams and wells are unpieeedently low,
or entirely dry; vegetation is dried up;
fields are so parched that there is but little
suooulent food for stock. The fire-fiend
has followed with appalling fury, causing
fearful destruction of life aud property.—
For several weeks great (ires have been
raging iu the woods; in the dried marshes,
and along the liues of railways, consuming
buildings, fouces’ crops, and destroying
live stock, desolating hundreds of square
miles, and rendering homeless and without
food or employment thousands of m»n, wo
men, and children, just at the opening of
winter. The loss of life is of frightful
magnitude, aud rarely in the history of tho
world have these fires been equaled in the
destruction of human life aud of property
and in the desolation of wholo communities
Towns and villages have been swept out of
existence iu tho space of a few hours, and
thousands of human beings have been
burned, drowned, or have fallen victims to
other violent forms of death. Not less than
fifty villages, in tho States of Wisconsin
and Michigan, have been wholly or iu part
destroyed. Tho town of I’eslitigo, Wis
consin, with a population of 1,500 to 2,
000, has been entirely consumed, not a ves
tige of its inhabitants remaining, and those
only- of its population escaped who threw
themselves into the river and reached tho
opposite shore, Hundreds were burned,
suffocated, and drowned. This fire, diiven
by the high winds, swept over an area of
eight miles square, destroying houses,
barns, fences. &c., and the loss of life will
number over a thousand. Tlic Belgian
settlement of Brussels was almost entirely
consumed, many persons are missing, and
the survivors arc left destitute amid the
ashes of their ruined homes. The whole
coast, from Grocn Bay to Menomonee, has
been devastated, many villages consumed,
and their population made houseless wan
derers, dependant upon charity for the ne
cessaries oflife. On the east shore of Green
Bay the loss of life is placed as high as a*
Peshtigo, and the destruction of buildings,
fences, stock. &c., is complete. More than
a dozen towns along the eastern shore of
Michigan have been swept away, and many
hundreds of neonle left without, fond ov
shelter. A large district, including several
towns, lias been devastated on the western
coast. The town of Manistee, with a pop
ulation of 4,000, has suffered severely by
the flames, and the loss of property is stat
ed at not less than one million of dollars.—
In the counties of Huron and Sanilac, with
a population of 21,000, ten thousand must
commence anew, having lost everything
but their lives. Besides the frightful loss
of life reported, hundreds have been dis
abled, many partially roasted, causing ad
ditional suffering and destitution through
out tlio region devastated. Detroit, fort
Huron, Milwaukee, and other cities have
converted all available space into hospitals,
and the citazens have become nurses.
Destructive tires are also raging in the
forests and on the prairies of Minnesota,
towa, Missouri, Indiana, Ohio, Kansas, Col
orado, Wyoming, Dakota, and in Ontario,
Canada, involving immense losses of prop
erty, of live stock, and of human life. In
Minnesota the fire swept over the irarie in
to the forests of Glencoe, Lo r'uJtir, M an
kato, and Now Ulm. The fire said to
have reached nearly as far south as the
Iowa border, and oast to the Minnesota
river. Many small towns have been com
pletely destroyed, and the farms in the
track of the flames have been almost inva
riably swept ol' buildings, fences, crops, &c.
Northern Minnesota is also the field of sim
ilar disasters. Nemaha and other counties
in Kansas have suffered from these prairie
firos; also various sections of Missouri and
the other States named. In California fires
are said to be raging in the mountains the
whole length of tlio State. Copious rains
in the regions of the Northwest, which
have been the most fearfully scourged have
diminished the ravages, and may soon ex
haust the destructive power of the flames;
but the devastation already accomplished
is siekening to contemplate, and the suffer
ings of the people must be great the ensu
ing winter, and the agricultural interests of
the burned districts will be crippled for
some time to come.—Dept, of Agriculture.
THE VINELAND RAILROAD.
Who owns tlio Vineland Railway is
a question often asked. A million of dol
lars has been rapidly expended in the con
struction of this road. It is built in a fine
manner. The road bed is substantially
made. The ties arc of the best description
the iron fifiy-six pounds to the yard aud
tho cars are by tar the finest upon any road
in the .‘•tate. These facts naturally give
rise to the above question. Upon inquiry,
we find that tho principal Boud Stock
holders are—in Boston, Henry Saltoustall,
Esq., 15 Cliauncey St*-oet; Oliver Ditson,
Esq., and the Adamses, of Express fame—
in New York, Henry G. Marquand, Esq.,
who is also the principal owner of the Iron
Mountain Railroad, of Missouri; and An
drew H. Green, Esq., the Deputy Controller
of the city of New York, who is, or has
been one of the Directors—in Philadelphia,
Townsor.d Whecian is also a party in inter
est.
The design is not only a direct Railroad
from New York to the South and West;
but in addition to tips, a propcllor will be
started direct from Sandy Hook to Boston.
This road will doubtless doublo the pro
ductive value of the lands in South Jersey,
Delaware, and Maryland, and not only com
mand tho trade of these regions, including
the Delaware and Chespeakc Bay, but will
also form a new outlet for the trade of the
far South and West. Tho road is now run
ning to Vineland and Bridgeton, and will
soon be in running order to the Bay.—
Vineland Independent.
N. B.—The regular trains now run to
Greenwich, eight miles beyond Bridgeton.
tST Instead of publishing a lengthy ar
ticle prepared for this week, in reply to
misrepresentations and falsehoods manu
factured by one of the most notorious slau
dcrers iu this, or any other State, we have
concluded to take the advice of many friends
and refrain from gratifyiug sucii an outlaw
by giving him any further notoriety.
Crystal Lake Waltz.—We have re
ceived from Edwin F. Johnson, of this city
the above named piece of sheet music, com
posed for the piano, by Mr. Johnson. It
is an excellent production, and reflects
credit upon the young composer.
ZW~ A sermon will be preached next Sun
day evening at St. John's Lutheran Church
by the Pastor. Text—" Consider the lilies
of the field, how they growMat. 6, 28.
Subject—The Language of Flowers.
Hate, Gloves, and Furs; Ladies, Gents,
and Childrens, best and cheapest at Fin
law’s, 89 Commerce Street, Bridgeton.
A great crowd, but no confusion—at Oak
Hall, daily.
For the West Jersey Pioneer.
TEACHERS.
During the past school year, there have
been omployod in the public schools of j
Cumberland County, oue hundred and for- j
ty teachers; forty-five male and ninety-five j
female teachers. Average salary per month
to male teachers, *40, and to female teach
ers $38. Eighty-three third grade and live
second grade certificates have beeu granted.
Of the second grade, four were given to
males; of the third grade sixty wero given
to females; twelve applicants were rejected
three males, and nine females.
Position of the teachers:—Much has been
said and written about the importance of
the teacher’s position, and yet it is a lam
entable fact, that many persons engage in
teaching without any just sense of its im
portance—without any natural or acquired
fitness for the duties to lie performed, and
without tho least desire to become more cn
lightcnod. We have in our comity a large
number of faithful, hard-working teachers,
but we liavo too many who arc satisfied
with the third grade certificates.
A county examiner writes: “Why is it
that wo do not havo more applicants for
second and first grade certificates V” Per
haps it is because trustees do not make
enough distinction in hiring teachers, be
tween those who have third grade, or sec
cond and first grade certificates. A teacher
who holds a third grade only, can get just
as good a school as a teacher who holds tho
first grade. Tho teacher who works hard,
and fits himself for his business, is not ap
preciated; but this wrong will be corrected
in time, and in the meantime let teachers
more fully realize the relation they sustain
to the children, under their care. “To the
instructor is committed tho tender and im
pressible mind of childhood. It is his to
mould and instruct, to fill with truo and
useful knowledge, to illumiue with the light
of science; to purifiy and ennoble with tho
full rays of moral truth; to fortify agaiust
the errors and tho evils which will assail it;
to fashion and discipline for wise, virtuous,
and useful action, so that lie may be made
to honor and glorify his Creator.”
There is no office higher than that of a
teacher of youth, for there is nothing on
earth so precious as the mind, soul, and
character of the child. To make a child
think for himself, is tho teacher’s main bus
iness. He should not aim to cram the mem
ory of children with the results of his own
thinking, but stimulate them to do their
own thinking.
Children are great imitators; therefore
we should be very careful in our daily walk.
Children will be a good deal like the teach
er, and teachers can have such schools as
they wish. If you wish a quiet orderly
school, be quiet and orderly yourself; if you
wish to be treated with respect by your
scholars, then treat them in a respectful
manner. Don’t talk to them about the fol
ly of vanity and thus have poor les3ons,
wlii'e you spend more time fixing your hair
than you do in looking over the lesson;—
don’t talk to t'qpm of tho evil of chewing to
bacco, while you have some in your mouth;
or of tho evil of smoking, while your cigar
case is filled with the best. Northend says:
“Let your own example be correct and it
will be potent for good. Speak as you
would have them speak; appear as you
would have them appear; act as you would
have them act, be what you would have
them be.”
BRIDGETON PORT NORRIS ROAD
Most of the distance between Csdarville
and Port Norris is under contract for gra
ding. Track laying is going on from both
ends of tile lint?. In a oliort time* the road
will be finished from Bridgeton to Cedar
ville, and a regular train put on to run be
tween the two points, a distance of about
nine miles. This will open to Bridgeton
and other market", a good territory, enjoy
ing many evidences of real wealth, and sup
porting quite a large population. Ccdar
villo and Fairton are both considerable
towns, and are doing a fair amount of bus
iness. The railroad will have a tendency to
greatly quicken this trade, and largely in
crease their population. All along the line
of this road are signs of new life. Baild
iugs aro going up in Cedarville and Fairton,
and they are rapidly increasing their busi
ness facilities. Building lots have been re
cently sold in these towns at very fair
prices. At the new town of Bellevue the
sales have recently started up with fresh
vigor. When strangers from a distance can
land from the cars at Bellevue its improve
ment will be greatly accelerated.
The coming fall and whiter will suffice to
finish the road, and the Spring will open
with life along the whole line. No greater
inducements can be found for investments
thau on this road.
m—
More Improvements.—One of tho lat
est improvements in this city, which comes
under our notice, is tho new roof on the
dwelling of our next door neighbor, Sam
uel Harris. On Tuesday last, the firm of
Smith Phillips made their appearance
with somo of their efficient workmen, and
by Wednesday evening a substantial new
shingle roof covered tho ontiro building.
The new roof looks very neat, and defiant
to the snows and rains of the approaching
winter, but the old one with its covering
of moss presented an appearance which of
ten reminded ns of the “old moss covered
bucket which hung by the well.” Thus
the. “old landmarks” arc gradually disap
pearing and giving place to improvements
which seem to be the order of the day in
our thriving city.
1
The 14th Annual Convention of the New
Jersey Sunday School Association will con
j venc iu tho Market Street M. E. Church,
Patterson, N. J., on Tuesday, Wednesday
i and Thursday, Nov. 14tli, 15tli and 16th.
The arrangements made by the Executive
Committee warrant the expectation of a j
large and profitable Convention. Every
Evangelical Sunday School in the State is
requested to send at least one delegate.—
Ample arrangements are made by tbe citi
zens of Paterson to accommodate all who
may attend.
Commission Merchants.—G. M. Ran
dolph Co., No. 22 and 24 Delaware Mar
ket, Philadelphia, whose card appears on
our first page, are receiving consignments
of farm produce from this county and dis
posing of it on the best terms. Farmers
and others who have produce to sell would
do well to consign to them. Mr. Ran
dolph is lately of this county and being
wetl acquainted with the markets, can get
the highest cash prices for all produce put
in his charge.
During the mouth of October, the follow
ing words were dictated to five representa
tive scholars in each of thirteen schools,
and were spelled correctly by Judith T.
Eldridge, Buttonwood; Lizzie Bateman,
L. Dwight Parsons, Nellie Demaris, Ce
darvillo; and Willie Godfrey, Greenwich:—
Neighbor, autumn, programme, beacon,
cymbol or symbal, prophet, forfeit, ceiling,
oblique, gait.
---v--—
SST" Mr. Clouse, of Iona, Gloucester Co.,
N. J., gathered this year, $475 worth, of
grapes from a single acre. The vines had
been set out but three years.
Small Profits—because of the immense
Sales at Oak Hall.
The Proceedings of City Council
Bridgeton, Nov. 4th, 1871.
Adjourned meeting.
Council met at 7i o’clock.
Present—Mayor, Elmer, Mulford, Roork,
Dare, Treucliard and Kienzle.
T. Fletcher Jacobs presented himself aud
was sworn in as Clerk of tho 2d ward.
Permits Granted.—Husted Westcott,
to build a store house, on Walnut St., 1st
ward; F. F. Westoott, dwelling, on Lake
5t., 3d ward; J. Boyd Nixon, dwelling, on
Commerce St., 1st ward.
Petition of eleven citizens of 3d ward,
asking to have a street lamp placed on the
3. W. corner of Fayette and Hampton Sts.,
read and referred to the Councilmen of 3d
ward.
Petition of fourteen citizens of 1st ward,
asking to have two street lamps placed on
Laurel St,., between Irving and Union, read
and referred to the Councilmen of 1 st ward.
Petition of twenty-seven citizens calling
attention to tho condition of Irving St., read
and referred to tho Councilmen of 1st ward.
Petitiou of forty-seven citizens asking to
have a street laid out in the 1st ward, to l>e
a continuance of Irving St., read and Clias.
D. Burroughs, Azel Piersou and Robt. Par
viu appointed commissioners to lay out the
same. Adjourned.
Nov. 7tb, 1871.
Council met at 7j o’clock.
Present—Mayor, Elmer, Mulford, Trei.cli
ard and Kienzle.
A permit was granted to Enoch Garrison
to build a meat shop, on Laurel St., 1st ward.
Petition of 13 eitizeus asking to have a
street lamp placed at the corner of Atlantic
and Hampton Sts., and one at the corner o
Atlantic and Lincoln Sts., read aud referred
to the Councilmen of 3d ward.
Bills ordered paid.—F. Glading, $42.00,
for six street lamps; JohnLupton, $0.38, for
rope for city clock.
The committee appointed to examino in
to the condition of Irving St. reported that
there was no ground for the complaint as
stated in the petition.
Adjourned.
Geo. W. McCowan, Recorder.
The New Jersey and Delaware Ferry
Company was organized at the office of
House Turner, on last Thuisday, Nov.
2d, by the electirn of William A. House,
President; Clias. K. Landis, Treasurer; aud
Edwin M. Turner, Secretary.
1 lie object ol this Company :s to run a
Ferry Boat from the terminous of the
Vmeland Railway on the Delaware Bay,
and Bprauncee’s Wharf, (opposite) in the
State of Delaware, and also for the pur
pose of running steamers to the various
towns upon the Delaware River and Bay,
and to Baltimore and the towns upon tiie
Chesapeake Bay via the Chesapeake Canal.
This is an important adjunct to the Vine
land Railway and its connections on the
other side of the river.— Vineland Weekly.
Catering for the Public.—There is
not a more difficult thing than to satisfy the
varied tastes of the public. However good
the production may be, somo are to be
found who are displeased with it. It is a
task that requires the display of an im
mense amount of skill if you would bo suc
cessful. We congratulate ourselves tliat
our efforts to please have been universally
successful, judging from the amount of pa
tronage and the great demand for our
splendid Fall Clothing, which is now being
sold at lower prices than ever at the Great
Clothing Emporium of Bennett Co.,
Tower Hall, No. 513 Market Street,
half-way between Fifth and Sixth streets,
Philadelphia.
Second Chop of Grapes.—Mr. J. M.
Moore of this city, informed us a few days
since, that there was growing on somo of
his vines a second crop of grapes, well ma
tured iu size but not ripe. He also had
still on the vines somo very good Caatwba
grapes fully ripe.
The Crops in Southern New Jersey are
exceedingly fine. Sweet potatoes are large,
and of excellent quality, but owing to
drought in the early part of the season the
yield iu some sections is not as large as last
year.
m
How to Save Monet.—Do not buy
what you do not want, and cio not want
what you cannot afford to buy.
Have you read it?—Wanamaker
Brown’s Advertisement.
THE WAY TO GROW RICH.
Practice Economy.
Look sflr small
things. The biff ones
will taker are of iherr
aelve.-. Hanpicass ‘■el
dom comes with for
tune* male at one
hazardous stroke,or h
gambling speculation
AND
the maguificer l struc
ture w mired stnn*
by stone. No mao
can
ENJOY HAPPINESS
who i?. reckless in his
dealing. A Dol ar
eoved in judicious ex
pfLditure
IS
a Dollar earned. Mon
ey can be saved.
IN PRACTICING ECONOMY
end seleet’n» from
our new and exten
sive assortmentof Fall
AND
Winter Clothing for
Men’s, Youths, Boys*
and Children's wear.
B ar this in mind
wh*n
PURCHASING YOUR CLOTHES
that this splendid
St'ick Hn.g been ore
pared ar.d finished by
Skillful Workmen, ol
the finest and be.-t
materials, madeun in
the most substantial
manner, ar.d in the
latest Styles, at the
well-known economi
cal prie&a
OF
the cheapest, be**,
and. to the purchas
er, moat Satisfactory
Clothing House iu
Pnil -delphia.
"RmriPti Xr. fin., f h»h »«v i><-«reen
618 MaRKST Sr, 7 Hixth HtrPP..
pHiLADXLrnu I Sixth Street?.
July 21-71
Be Guided by what you know.
There i» an old proverb which Bays, “Experience
is the safest guide.” To this guide the sick and
a ling naturally turn when casting about for the
means of relief They inquire what a medicine
has done for others, before they adopt it themselves.
Of all the remedies and preveotatives in u-e, Hoe
tetter’s Stomach Bitters meets the test moi-t tri
umphantly, and hence its immense popularity and
vast Bales. The sufferer from indigestion is sure to
find some one among his friends who has been cur
ed of that Ailment by the famous vegetable stom
achic. The victim of fever and ague, liver com
plaint. con' tipation, nervous prostration, or gener
al debility, has only to make inquiry in the neigh
borhood wbero he resides in order to discover what
this standard restorative has affected in rases simi
lar to his own. In the published testimony to its
merits he will tind a volume of proofs <'f it* sanita
ry propprtie*, which it is impossible for h s common
sense to re ist. fries it. and he etbet it pioduc
os on his system adds sjy »ther to the host of wit
nesses in its favor. Thus, its reputation lounded ou
facia nota-seriions, continually grow? and spread*
Charlaians and imposters, some cf them mere local
tricks erg.and others who take a somewhat wider
range, attempt to thrust into the hands and down
tile throat* of invalids .their haphazard conc<-cuon?,
as Biiostitutes for the tonic which for so many year.*
has b' en .i medicinal aiaplo throughout (he United
Kt.ttes. Spanish America, Canana. and the West In
dies, hut only succeeded to a rery limited extent.—
In this reasoning age, tho people, havinir ascertain
ed wtiat is really deserving of their confidence, dt*.
cline‘‘running after strange god?.”
FEMALE WEAKNESSES*
There jg no class of diseases known to Medical Sci
ence of more frequent occurrence or bo little cared
for as those peculiar to the female organism. A
blight derangement of health from dulioacy or some
other cause is often allowed to continue until the
whole system suffers, and constitutional disturbances
of a grave and serious character are often estab
lished.
MISHLBR’S HERB BITTERS*
Is a sovereign remedy .for, and preventive ©t all
such complaint#. Bold everywhere. Brio#, one Hol
lar per Bottle.
1 1
Buy Hats, Gloves, Furnishing Goods, i
and Furs, at the South Jersey Furnishing
House, where they are warranted, 89 Com
merce Street, Bridgeton; Finlaw’s.
BRIDGETON PRICES CURRENT.
Now Wheat,?', (hVts. J I’otatoes 30
Corn, 80 Butt or, 30
Rye, 9-1 Eggs, 30
Oats, 45 j Hams, 15
Clover Seed, 7 00 j Bard, 13
Herd Seed, 60 J Pork, 8
DIED.
On Wednesday, Nov. 8th. KLl-TSA. LEEDS
aged 24 years The relative* and friends of the
family arc respectfully Invited to attend his funer
al. from the resident of his parents, on Bank St 1
Saturday morning, the 11th inst., at 11 o'clock.
In Hopewell Township, on the 3rd instRICH.
ARp K Ai>, aged 65 years.
■rjmnnaifvuwtfi^ i.viiii M cxt*aajn«Mmo.'jewunx -vi-e
rih IE BALL CHAIN KEY RING is hy far the most J
X. convenient '*in*n )ou ar* o> u«<l in curry n
bim-: c-f key in^your peck*-!. W« also n
variety of oth*-r K y Rings aid Tween*™ ti-rrai#
at the Hardware Store cf
TRUMAN HHAW,
Ko.8S5, (Eight thirty-five.) Market street,
Bkfl’ow Ninth, Philadelphia.
T^'-RHLaR lit'iRLS. which f»:e.v*--nt a door key
I J from beintr turned in the io<-k by the nippers
of a. burglar. For sale at
TRUMAN k 8HAW,
Vo.m&i Kigh t f hirty-flve) Ma r< r t*t re«i
Below Ninth. Phiiadeiphi
IETTKR B’iX INI.ETS, with hinged cover, for
J inserting info doors. etc. Also Fir? Iselectors
for store door**, with letter inlets attached, for sale
by
TR!TM V N Jb 8KAW
No.835 (High! Thirty-five) Market.«treet
•eiovr Ninth. Philadelphia.
Notice ol‘AN»ignint'nt.
Notice ia hereby c.ven. that George W. Ilummel!.
of the township of 8toe Creek. Cumberland county
ha h ti.-R da\ made an ueeignmeor ihe t-ab-criber
ol hie e* ace for The equal benefit of hi# creditor*,
j and that na;d creditor- n.ui-t exhibit tiu-ir reaper,
j »*laiin»t under oath or affirmation, within H e
term of three month*. LEW Id B. H* »FF.
Bhi‘oh, Cumberland Ce.. N. J. Nov.l.*-3-t
SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
j "J- N «ieairab!o location, on Bank Stree t,
X Bridgeton, N J reccuh'y occupied bv JggjrfL
M try F anatis, drc..
Lot Large and Hon e and Barn
la Good lUpnlr. "A.
Pries moderate aiid payments easy. Apply to
il FI.AN*GIN,
James glaspey,
Executors.
If n9l by the 2d day of March, 1372, it will be
i offered n that ohv k! Public Sa’o, at C. u. Havis a
bote!, ir Brri *:«•?.in, e.t 2 o’clock P M,uhbn
I conar tores wi 1 bo made, kn >wu by the executors,
r.uT 19.7*
Box %’o« 1 Ktiin!!e)a
feize—25 ct».
Three boxes one box of each
fc;z»,7£ cents mailed
free on receipt
of price.
M;MiRaa Co,
63 North Front Street,
Philadelphia
nov. JfJhn JW
G-roftt Bici-Eoraont!
liuoiig Hu* TOorinoM*, at Sail
S,»ke City,
But a greater one at J. M. Moore’s Bat Store, where
ne tw st-iiiuu a large quantity of Hats, of the Lat* s!
Style*, at a great reduction in price. The New Style
of Silk Hats for >oufig men, are felling fast; a’isc
I those Bine H*t.-* for hdlebojs A Urge )<c ®f Gent?
Fa*ni«bing Good*. Sh rt«, Drawers. Knit Jackets
Hosier v, Buck M t»« and Gloves. Ac
LADIES’ FURS OF ALL KINDS.
Best Siberian hqmrrel. full set. $5 5<>; A isska, |5.0r
f-'«b!e, fiS.O'; German Fitch, Ob’.0).
A splendid assortment of Children’* Furs ohesipei
thi.n ever. All my furs are sew. right from the man
nfacturers, warrai t jd free of moth* an t sound
Ladies, if you want a good bargain in furs, now i*
the lime and this is th* pla'e io get therr
J. M. MOOKE’B Cheap Hat F'ore.
nov 7 0.if No 31 Commerce Street.
Pa.Ain aBid_FAA€Y
CAKE BAKERY,
BRIDGETON,
I CoinmercfSI below Laurel.
Mrs. H. ATKINSON
Having aeonrtrt ihr jc.rvie.-a of one of the b<ai
bakers of I'hiiadt Ifihia, ia prepared to furnish all
who wish with the finest CaKK at WHOLESALE
j nnd RETAIL.
i Fairs, Festivals, Wadding Partie?, &e., Supplied
with Cake, lee Cream and Confection
ery upon Short Notice.
j A Great Variety always on ham), Fresh
Every Day.
CAKES NEATLY OK9TAMK3YTBD.
Plena, nail and etamme our ateck. We giinnaite
satisfaction nov. 3 tf
r*a;rof an per h French oil C iromof-subjects LIFE
TZK.—-oxqui^it© original Oil Paintings,
GIVEN AWAY to every subscriber to
ESem-y Vi ard ISeechcr’s
fJREAT LITERARY, RELIGIOUS, WEEKLY
NEWSPAPER. Agents ha?iug great .-ucoess! Dn»
took 1, 0' name* m 3 month*-; another 672 m 3.
•U\s another i IS in one week; one 47 in one day,
und many other* equally well, making from 45 ami
Sib to F-tJ per clay. Takes on An oitl agent
who kQows, say*-: “I Hunk it the best busmans for
canvasser* ever offered. Sorry 1 did not engage
sooner.” Pays better than any book agency. A rare
chance to make money.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED.
Intelligent men ar.d women wanted everywheja. II
>ou w ish good territory, send earlv f.-.r circular end
wrtns. J. is FOR!) 4 .7 park Place. f>. Y li
bromdeld St, Boston; 2i5 West Madison St., Cii
cago.
AGENTS WANTED FOR
THE YEAR OF BATTiES.
T1 e h'story of the War between France an i Ger
many, embracing also Paris under the Commune
150 illu*tra*ions; 642 page*; price,5 fOCO^opie*
Already sold. The on'y corr-o^te woik» Nothing
equals it to sell. M»kmg ’0000 copia* par month
n< w. In English *ud German Terms unequalled.
Outfit 41.25. Address H. is. GOODiPEED Sc. CO, 37
Park Rjw, New York.
i UinnrVQ HOUSEHOLD MAGAZf XfiTis
TeUUU O uttered free during the coming year
to every subscriber o; Merry’s Museum, the Toledo
Kind*, Pomeroy’s Democrat, etc., which is an evi
—n»g—»ni
dence ot its worth and popularity. Horace GrPe>v,
•lame* Parlor, Theodore Tilton. G nl Hamilton, etc..
write for every nnmber. In cl’bhiug. n offers three
first-cl as* periodical* ter the price of one of them.
V variety of premium* on equally liberai term*. It
is an original, first.clss* nv>gs7. ne. Volume X be
gins with Jan., 1872. Thro* specimen copier fr**e.
Address S. 3. WOOD, Newburgh, N. Y.
EVERY FARMER
Is invited to **nd his addrp** and receive Free
nnd Postage Paid a copy cf tho
American Farm Journal,
The mod Practical, the Beet hoc. Cheapen lllu-ire
ied Agricultural paper <n the (Tnited States Only
15 cents per year. S n i for a specimen copy -1
AddrthK MILLER, LOCKR Ct*.,
Toleeo, Ohio.
Solicited by MUSK <fc, CO.,
PublishersScientific Am rican
31 Parle Row, N. Y. 25
years’ experience.
Pamphlets containing Patent Laws, with full direc
tioBd how to obtain Patents tree.
A bound volume of 118 page*, containing the New
Census by counties and ah large cities, 140 Engra
vings of M* chanical Movement*. Patent L*wh snd
rules Tor obtaining Patents, mailed on receipt of 26
«nte.
CONGRESS ARCTICT
The BEST winter OVERSHOE!
NO BUCKLES to break'
l NO TROUBLE to put on!
Neat, Genteel, Stylish 1
ASK YOUR SHOE DEALER FOR IT!
AGKSJTS Wanted.— Agents make more mo
nay at work lor u* than at anything else
j Bu'ineefl light and permanent-. Particulars freR G
Stinson a Co Fine Art Publishers, Portlahd, Mime

ST A M NIK RING cured hy Drs. White Oaiman
*02 4:h Av< cue, corner of 2hth M.t New York.—
No pay until cured. Send for circular*.
A MONTH! Horse furnished- E<
pen*es paid. H. B. 8HAW, Alfred, Me
AVOID (QUACKS.—A victim of cariy indie.
cretion. causing nervous debility, premature
decay. 4c., having tried in vain every adverted
remedy, has discovered a eimplo me mis of seif,
cure, which ho will «*r*d to his Mlow-«uff-rers Ad
drew* J. H. Reeves, 78 Nassau Street. N. Y.
Nov. 10 4 i
Mechanical Drawing.
Ac1»ss in Mechanical Drawing under the tnltlon
of a ihorruah'y comrelent teacher, will be
formed at theVouth Je-sey Institute, on Thursday
hiTeuina, Nov. 2d, ISr l. The oourse of instruction
will embrace sneh practical problems as. when fuliv
underatoed- will enable the learner to make the nec
essary drawings of the most complicated raanhin»ry
or strut tores 01 any kind. This is an excellent on.
portunitv for m*al...aic- of all kinds to acquire a
knowledge ol a very tie essarv but sadlv DeclecWd
an. T ERMS—»J10 for a '-purse ef 20 lessons
i H. lv. TRAMS, I'riao.J a!.
_r
CiRAIVD
Musical Festival!
The fcunhor’asd Co-artv Utuieal Aiscei&tica
W:il hold 18th AnmidS la
GnOSSCITP'iS
COMM ENCING
Tuesday .'tfovtiinv, Ton 14,
CI.O-JNG
Friday Evening, Tov. 17.
The committee have the pleasure of an n mincing
engaaerr.emn niih
Prof. trOLON WILDER, rf UoMon, Conductor.
TBOS. O. -HEPPAKD.of New Hatch, Pianist.
Mi.*« MARY .STONE, of Boston, Soprano Soloi«*t.
CliAKLEB V. BARNES, of Philadelphia Toner.
Thera will be. three sessions each day. There will
also be
Two Grant! Concerts!
One on Thursday Evening, Nov. 15th. nod tlie clos
ing Concert on Friday Evening, N07. 17tii.
Ticket a for those nit tin* v» Ith class during the Con
vention •no onoerts, 73 eta
Visitor* ticket* for the Convention. including the
Concerts, $1.23.
'I icket* <or the afternoon and evealnz *OF*iou*
alone 20 eta.
Ticket*) tr,r Concert. 40 cts.
Ticket* for Convention for sale at John M. Lan
in#* -'ore.
Tickets for tha Concerts for sale *at E. T. Kenne
dy's. J. M. Lunin g’s, or at the door.
dot. 3-tf
“A Itrpodtoiy of Fashion. Pleasure and
lutftructiou.”
harperTs bazar.
NOTICES OF Ttia PRESS.
It 1. r?8l’y the oi ly illustraleii chr. nicler,!fenhion
ir« the country It* supplements are worth the
subscription price of the paper Wrvile fuiiv n»*in
twining ita position as a mirror of fashion, italao ccc
1 tains stories, poem*, brilliant asssys, besides genei
tl and person. I gossip.—feostou Saturday Evening
Gazette.
1 here never was any uapar published that so de
lighted tiie Rentl of women. Never mind if it dees
j corn you a uew bon.ifc-; it ivi'lsave you t-ii time* raa
i rice in t household ♦couomy it teaches—Provi*
I ence Journal
j TIim >ondg lady who buys a single number of K«>
i vzy'a Bazik i* made a eubsenber for l;f«.—Nvvc York
Eveuing Post.
Tim liizir. in excellent. L^re nli the periodical?
which the Harper* publish,it is almost ideally w**ll
edited. ar»l the c!»*>. of reader* ft j r whom it is in
•ended—he mother- and daughters in average Jam.
il e>—tan not t-ur profit by it* go* d »r-n*o and good
ia*tc, whu h we have no doubt, are to-dav mak*UK
j v*ry many homes happier thwn they mav have been
j before the women Levan taken l*-*s*o;Vm personal
■♦mi household nod social managmer.i from this good
oatuied mentor.—The Nation, N. Y.
8U 3SC RIPTICNF.—1S72.
Terms t
H^TiPfiR's BiZAa, one ear. «i nr*
j An fcxtra opy of either the Macau*? Wckklt cr
Lazar, will he supplied era fnr^very Club, ef Five
*»b?crsber? nt *4 00 **ch. in one remittance: cr £.x
Copies far l: t(i, without extra copy
i subscription? to Ha‘pbh’.« M.oazjvk, ffimr, aod
^AZta. to one address for one y.-*r $10 or «wo <«f
sin -per’* Feriodic-fti-. to oread >res? ior one veuf,f$7.
B-cir Number* can be burnijed any time.
The four volumes of Ha*-?**’? Bazar, for the t#g».-r
!56Vift.7'V7i, elegantly Vonnd in green morocco
cloth, will be sent by express, freight prepaid, for
|7 01 each.
The pottage cn Harper’s Bazar i? 20 cent? year,
which roast be paid at the sub-criber’? po-.t office.
Ad'iresg HARPER i BROTHERS, New York.
"STEAMBOAT NOTICE.”
Tie criiBEBMND county steamb-mt
company s.-s h.pyr t', knaounce 10 !ij« out
j uu that tha new
;Steamer '‘City of Bridgeton’’
ielrt now complete and will _ cLr a
rfrifrrmiViA »t one** placed r. por,,gg£a«fc£«S5C
ilu* l-nc i.e-we-ji UR1DGETOX and PHILA
D ELPIII A, mak iag her first trip on Saturday. Uc
tobet 28 h; having h**r wharf, second pier below
Arch fsireer, Phil-.d Iphin, a 5 o’clock, 'A. M., and
rheieafter wii! lenve Bnigeto* on Monday? *cd
rhur-d.iys, nt 1 o’clock. P. M., ana Philadelphia, or
Tuesday? and Friday?,at 3 o clock, P. M.
Fare, 7-3 Cents.
Excursion Tickets, gaod to relnrn any time,
I Fr» ight take a at usual rates.
As no pain* h.-.ve been spared in fitting cut this
I Steamer, to meet the want? and oonvet-.ien ofahip
*nd rhe comfort of passengers, a litem! share
of patronage <8 solicited.
•TAr. Es McIntyre,captvn*
I IIENRY S. OGDEN. CU: a. oct 27-• f
]STew Business!
j
THE subscriber ha? started or Laurel HilL two
door? south of the Methodist Church, the- luai
n«*8 or*
Repairing Ail Kiuds of
CLOTHES WRINGERS,
•nd will furnish their wi:h the
J
BEST WHITE GUM ROLLERS,
j In per feet order. All person? having Clothes Wnng
ers that need mending plsa.^e bring them !c lay
j place and I will repair them in she beet manner,at
j short notice Those wishing to purchase the
j NEW STYLE CLOTHES WRINGER
j please call at this place.
L. FOR NS WORTH.
oct 27-ti Bridgeton, N. J.
PUBLIC SALE 7
OF
ECOTJ8]E IiOT.
WILL BE SOLO AT PUBLIC SALT,.
>f D«vi?’ Hotel SATtRDAY.iWSi.
Kiivtmbcr 18th, 1871, at 2 o’clock. jpWaBg
P. M., all that hou>*e and lot. situated on *#***iaz
the west side of La->rel Sire*? above W as n. 1*
mg’on. containing 28 feet front nn'd 93 feet
deep; the building in of a substantial caic frame*
with large cellar, conveniently divided. -:od*r the
whole structure, latga parlor, open entry, sitting
room, kitzhen, large, enclosed summer shed. *ud a.
abed with a well o good water, on first fl three J
airy bed chamber? an large closet? on second finer;
two Urge garret?, lathed and j layered. *a? and flx
j lures eomptate on 1st r.nd 2d floor; verandah, with
neat and auhetantial fence; *!i iu good order. This
j property ha? recently reCMvfd a thorough overhel
ing was papered and painted in the beat manner,
and offer? a rare chance to anv one in waot of good
property, in a public business location, to rtitch?§e
on easy and accommodating terms, as ample time
j will be given to pay tar the same,
j Also, at the same time an place will be •fibred
j the Jot Rejoining the above, about 28 fe*t front, an«r
I C3 feet deep. Condition* will he liberal, sad mad*
known on day of sate, or by appiving to
JACOB TITCR.
I ret 2f-lt Pearl S'.. Bridgeton, N. J.
snerurs Sale.
j
BY virtue of sundry writs of fieri fReias to me df.
reefed, issued out rtf the Court of Cumberland
j Common Pl«ss wiil be sold nt Public Vendue, »n
SATURDAY, the »5th day of Xov.,1871.
between tho hour*of 2 and 5 o'clock, in th« afternoon
of said day, to wit; at P. M. of ss'td dav. at i O.
1‘avis A Son’s hotel, in the city of Prui*.etan all
that certain piece of land situated in the townahin
or Bridgeton. County of Cumberland, and State of
Nr w Jersey, and bounded as follows; beginning in
the middle of the road from R-»d get-on te Fa»rton.
at a stone, corner to lands of William Shough and
lands of timer Recap; trencea'ong the line of the
said Rocai-’a bind south 79% de<r. w>st and 9}^ rod«
toe stone in said :ine fora <*.»rner; thence north 11%
i dec. east S rods ton stone for a corner; tliewce north
j 70% deg east to a stone in the middle of said road;
i I hence along the middle of said road south dee.
l west 4 rods to the beginning corm r, containing 47**.
j square acres of land more «r less. Brier d as the
1 property of Jacob M. though, deft., taken in rxeeu
j tion nt the suit of John 8. Uointes et al, plaintiffs*
I and to be sold bv
nova is ENOCH HA NTHORN. Sheriff.
BE CAREFUL!
i The great fir, Al Chicago was caused by th* npaat-
lingo! kerosene lamp. AVOID DANCER hy ns- ar
j >ng
PRATTS
ASTRAL OIL,
Warranted Non-Explosive.
For sale Wholesale and Retail, at
CARSTEN’S China Stor«,
21 tommer- e sf., Kricigeica.
DON’T FAIL TO TRY IT.
oct. 20.1m
A Representative and Champion of American
Art.
THE ALDINE:
An Illustrated Monthly Journal claimed to.
be the handsomest Paper in the
World.
THE ADDINE, while issued with nil th* regulaHtr
j has none ®f the temporary or timely in tores; char
j ho tens tic of ordinary periodical*. It i8 mn e»effaut
I miscellany of pure, light, and graceful literature, and
a collection or pictures, the rarest specimen, of ar
tistic skilly in black and white. THE ALDINUisa
I unique and original eoncepdon-aione and u„at-
Jr°oharait«rb60 U e y w‘thout competition in pri£.
TERMS FOR 18:2, k
On* copy, one year, with Oil Chromo, *5 CO
i 'Te copies, 53 oo
Any person wishing to act, pennanenllv, as nur
-Pen,'. wi -PPb with reference, enclosing pi SO for
8CT*2,If A CO.. Publisher*,
001 J__SS bi^rt? Street, New York.
M1S» L1Z2Ie"sFiith7
DRESSMAKER,
Dresses Cut by Measure and Particular Atleuiiow
paid to Cutting and Fitting of Barques., Pearl Sue*,.
floor above the Telecraph OtBee, Bridget*!*.
in. A tfir. vs 3cto«i to kgru th® trod®,
sxq-l •.y-.H -j J.