Burr, whose Sue 3% daily EO the
“flashy ap of ngoIre a trance
to the y ASIDE rooms, is a den kept dy John Pendleton,



notorious cheat at cards. His game, h is swind
Bing one, is patronized in a large dogros 7 salegmon and
plerka, sometimes mere lads, in down-town stores, who
doubtless filch from Siployers whatever money they
Jose at gaming. Pendleton’s den is ome of those whic
re most demoralizing, because they allure youths by the
nd price of the checks and stakes. For the protection
i he ercha nts benaath, and thay! in the same build
ng, this game ought sup
No. 145 Falton-st. 1s kept by Ebenezer Peck, Tt is a
heating game, but is patronized by down-town business
men,
No. 146 Fulton-st. front room of the second story, is
a faro game kept by Stephen Fields. It is situated over
pne of the namerons clothing stores of the vieluiiy, and
few people seeing the gamblers enter the promises would
puspect the existence of the game. The checks in prin
eipal use are of the twenty-five cent denomination. The
business of the honse is done with young clerks and sales
ip, pes Tow manage to win from a game that is notori
o'sly uafair.
No. 112 Pnlton-st., over an eating saloon, is kept hy
Michael Holly. The game is faro, of course unfair, but
fioarishing. Merchants patrouize the place, and play one
dollars stake,
No. 149 Fulton-st., appropriately located overa liquor
store, <a game at which many merchants play daily.
It is frequented also by gamblers of a very dangerous
“lass. Complaint was made against it last week, and it
wax to have been broken up, but the gamblers became
aware of the order almost as soon as it was given, and
the a railed. Entrance has since been very closely
guarded,
No. 151 Fulton-st,, over the cigar store of John R. Sur
brug, 18 kept by Charles Reid, and is _one of the very
worst of the “swindling” games. No man las ever
been known to win in this house, and stories are circu
Inted of robberies of large amounts cominitted through
the agency of this generally supposed fair game.
No. Ann-st. was formerly owned by Doe. Appleby,
Rutt Stokes, and Gus. Able, but a few weeks ago Appleby
drew ont, and returned to the West, There is no gam
nling room in the city which bears a worse reputation
than this. Appleby is a Western man, without a con
acienee, and with an intense love for money, and among
ggmbling men reports are current of impudent robberies
omitted hy him at the faro table of No. 1 Ann-st. The
rooms are over the trass establishment of Marsh.
No. 104 Navsan-st., room No. 4, over the hat store of
fonzan, ts a swindling game, A colored guardian Keeps
the wicket an! adinits numerous printers who spend
heir money there, Toe game is poorly patronized now,
No. 8 Annoot, over a cheap eating-honse, iz kept by one
Bart, of evi fame among gamblers. In this house some
cory heavy cames have been played, and stories of poer
wns Who Ive been reduced ina few hours from atiu
suee to poverty are still earrent concerning the place,
Merchants ose infatuation for taro will not permit
Crem tod dort the gaming table are the players, and
Anring be mess honrs any one caring sufficiently for the
matter to nisfy hupself way see many down-town mers
Ahonts gener dv considered of drreproachable character
conterinzand leaving No. 53 Ann-=t, The wicket is kept
hy a negro, whose especial business it 3 to admit none
pt those known to the keepers of the house or those
properly introduced. This is probably one of the most
poadon ly crardi-d of the down-town games, and it does
probably os large and nefarious a business as any of
them. The checks used are fromm 25 cents to $5—50-cent
crooks, hosvoever, being the favorite denomination.
No. 11 Ani-st., over Farrell's bookstore, 18 kept
by Stewart Magan. It 4s one of the cheap
gimes, and the play is usually for eiall
anouste, It 18 a swindling gawe, and whatever
winninz 1g permitted $8 shwply an encouragement to
tinnd pitvers to hazard their woney more freely. Young
tren principally patronize the game, although older peo
ple, Whose gray hair and general bearing indicate the
possession of sole comnon sense, are to be seen there
freque atv, The rooms are on the second floor,
No. 14 Ann-st, is kept by a desperate fellow named
Brockwell, and 1s a gane similar in every respect to the
one above mentioned. 1eis kept in the front room of Lue
second story,
No, 15 Ani-<t, ig kept by Charles Delancey. His rooms
are {uratsacd in somewhat better style than ¢uy of the
others on Ann-st., ve No. 5 They are on the second
siory, and the loungers and players always to be found
there are well dressed and apparently well provided
with money. The six people whom Tur TRIBUNE re
Lorter foun at the table in this room were waiting for
Ye dealer to commence the play, and toyed nervously
with the piles of bone checks which they held in their
hands. The checks in thik honse range from 25 ceuts to
The wane is sitaply a swindle.
No. 8 Barclav-st. is over the liquor store of J. F. Lude
soe, and is kent by two weadthy and prominent gone
Viers, named Petree and Dancey. It is what is called a
fair gane, and professional gamblers sometimes rik the
money of which they rob others at other dens against
his bask. but strangers are robbed iu the most scientific
omner. The stakes are very high, and the wealthiest
merchants plav here, Very few younz men or poor ones
wver gain admittance, Its very quiet and little known,
Lot its evil elect on the neighborhood is well known.
The place was under political protection while Tamnany
existed, hut there 1s a hope now that the police will re
Jnse to he longer prevented trom breaking up this dan
gerous and disgraceful den,
No. 21 Couutiensiip, entered from one of the lowest
dinking-saloons in New-York, is kept by Richard Pierce.
The game played is faro, and there is no donbt that it is
one of the ordinary devices for robbery, On Monday
1oorning a TRIBUNE reporter visited this place, and, from
tie conversation of one of the attachés, Ne learned that
1hie hone was conducted almost exclusively for hoat
en. “You kuow Dick, don’t yout” said this person.
“Dick nsed to keep here over a year aco. Well, you see
1 the weather don't bust him. We did a good run of
Jick last Winter, but then the weather was mild up to
Christmas, and the boats came down rushing, No such
Jack this Winter, There's 600 boats laying wp the river,
and they average three hands a-piece. If they could
«ome down we'd have the lauds iu here. Eighteen
L.andred of ‘em would soon run the game up again.
Jtank's losing now.” Aud with the last sententious re
mark the garrulous gamester bung his head as though
sjech in the ecalenlations of how mnch additional cash
might have been added to the bank if ice had not inter.
Fused. The checks iu this house are the 10-ceut chips,”
mt many an unfortunate boatman has in a few ours
lost the money for which he a month.
No. 140 Broad-st. over a drinking saloon, fn appear
ance little better than the one above mentioned, is kept
by Prank Erhardt. The faro-room is on the second story
—a large, bleak, dreary apartinent, furnished with a few
common chairs, a long wooden bench, and the faro-table
fteelf, It was visited on Monday, Dec, 11, but it was evi
cently suffering trom a lack of patronage, and was prob
ably affected by the absence from the city of the hoat
nen whose money in part maintained it. In personal
Appearance the managers of the gone and their victims
were alike desperate-looking fellows.
No. 92 Vesey-st,, formerly Kept by Alfred West, has
lately been closed.
All of the above houses are in the First, Second, and
Third Precinets, and cannot but be known to Capts. Ull
mau, Hedden, and Speight, who command there, tor they
Lad been in existence for nearly teu mouths, when they
were reported to headquarters,
a. a
There are a large number of dens in Chat
hunt, the Bowery, and other streets of the east side
of the city, some of which are open day and night, but
most of which ply their infamous trade at night only.
The following is an oe apd most of the houses
have been reporjed olice Headquarters, but have
not been “pried” in ten wonths, during which all of
them bee existed in their present localities
N*. 66 Chathamst. is the hell” of Johu Hughes, and
the reputation of the house justifies the appellation of
eo pell,” for it is a place of perdition, pure and simple.
The dealers are thoroughly conversant with the brace”
or swindling deal, so called because the gambler draws
two cards fitting nicely into one another, which, for his
own advantage, he can play singly or double. Itis the
most common method of robbing the players. For a
villainous looking class of dealers, cne-keepers, and play
crs, No. 66 Chatham-st. excels any of the gambling
establishments of the city. The boys—for the patrons of
the house are nothing wore fu years—have the hardened
und coarse features of old criminals, and their vile
Janguage and conduct would frighten from the house
uny but those whose childhood has been pent in the
worst localities of the city. The game of faro, as prac
ticed here, is a pure cheat, and though the checks in com
yon use are of the ten-cent denomination, they are of
sufficiently high value to deplete the pockets of the play
Cra.
No. 104 Chatham-st. 18 a faro game kept hy Edward
wall and Henry Wright. The men who AV way
furers into the game are of a bad class, aud seem
incapable of dealing fairly with any one. Like their
prototypes of the Bowery, they infest the conecert
saloons and Dbeer-gardens, and more than oue of
them have been Jointed out to a TRIBUNE reporter by
detectives as undoubted thieves. Ballors fresh from the
ocean are their principal prey, but a landsman under
the influence of liquor. even though he be tolerably
versed in the ways of the New-York world, is not an un
desirable victim; and, whether the frume be fair or not,
those who suffer themselves to be led into the house sel
dom come away winners,
Beth these games are inthe Sixth Precinct, and are
Luown to Capt. Kennedy.
No. 40 Bowery is kept by James Barclay and Alderman
Cuddy. Barclay is the City Librarian of New-York.
The game 18 among the worst of swindles, avd the
distinguished bankers employ the lowest class of ‘cap
pers and “ropers,” who decoy players to he robled
tuere. These “ropers” Hequent the beor-gardens and
Jialls on the Bowery to induce men to play, aud us
their reward take one-half the amonut Won
f:om the people whom they escort to the gaming:
Jonses, On Tuesday night, Dec. 5, two TRIBUNE reporiere
visited this place and found seven men playing. One of
these was a“ stool-pigeon,” who was ostentationsly paid
#14, ostensibly won ny bi, and in celebration of his
Jratron’s luck,” the dealer generously ordered a bottle
of wine. It was plain, however, that the trick was in
tended to catch a well-dressed stranger who was looking
on, but it falled, and the stranger, a few moments after
ward, left the room, The checks used in this place are
of the devomiuations of 10 and 256 cents, aud
the patrons of the establishment are the yonug
yen of the powety in the immediate vicinity. Bince the
Cowniall of the ng, the wen who formerly held rine
cures and wasted their money on faro have been jmwpov
erisned, and the game of Messrs, Barclay Cuddy has
suffered accordingly, The house is iu Capt. Kennedy's
Jor cinet, and has hecu known to him since March lust,
ihe roots are on the front of the second story in the
Lailding pecupicd by the “Cuddy” Assoclation, club
pamed after the aldermanie gambler,
No. 61 Bowery is kept by a an named MeCahill, Tt fe
un swindling gane, and 1s maintained by the poorest cluse
p f young weh who play. The room isin the third stosy,
front. On Tuesday nizht, December 5, when visited, if
wus poorly patronized. The chiceks used, ss in most ol
the other games in the vichdiy, are 10 aud 25 cents each
tut a glance at the table and the lads sitting about
showed that the Ligher priced checks were Little used
wod that the Jaye seldom purchased voore than
cents’ worth of them as a basis of pinay. Tue rooms ure
over a refreshment saloon, and the general character
fsties of the place stamp it as one of the lowest of New
York gaming dens. The place is in the Tenth Precinct
wmmanded by apt, Davids.
50
No. #4 Boers s kept by Charles Graham. This 1
also a swindling game, but the dealer manages to pre
sent the oscurrence of vowpla.uts by compounding witl
any one of whom hie wanages to win large sun. Ten au
twenty-five cent checks are used. During the vist of th
I'RIBUNE reporters to this place nine men were playing
is hey wll secwed 10 be laboriug mew, young, but ev identl
secnstomed to the ways of the place. Two or thre
watched the redaction of their piles of checks on th
s Ue with nonchulance, but their indifference was i
saarked coulimsl with the nervous wuxiety displayed b
ool clad youth of 12 or 19 years, Wao wandered fio
1'AST SIDF DENS
one end of the fable te the other, now os ond
card aad thea oa another, and The place
is known to Cs) Davidse! ok in whic
it 18 situated, ite y likely that the patrons
of the drug store realize the charaeter of the
bove them.
Po Bowery is kept by Wm. Stewart. On Tueaday
night there were but three players during the time THE
TRIBUNE reporter was in the room, and these wero play
ing the 10 cent checks in use in the house. A placard
hung on the wall, over the table, had the following nn
pouncement This game deals every Sunday at 3
o'clock.” The Sabbstarian dealer was one of the most
repulsive looking of his class, and from his general alr
of decay, and the Bundes glare which he fixed on new
comers, ft was very evident that the bank was not ml.
ing as well as usual for this season of the year. 0)
house is over the raddlery store of Mr. Hottenrother, ia
in the Yeuth Precinct, and ought to be known to Capt.
Davids. At least he knew of it a few moaths ao.
At No. 127 Bowery, on the south-east corner of Grand
at., over Dr. Kahn's dug stor John Murpuy keeps a faro
ame, which, like all the others, 18 a cheating affair.
The supporters are few and of the better Bowery type of
lounger. Capt. David's Feet.
At No. 120 Bowery. on the north-east corner of Grand-at,,
over a liquor saloon, a faro game 18 gradually dying for
lack of patronage,
At No. 357 Grand-at., on the south-east corner of Esrex
st.,over a drinking saloon, a faro game is kept by George
Brown. It is a conmon report that the game is main
tained under the protection of the police. Capt. David's
precinet,
No. 4 Delancey-st. is kept by a man named Hermann.
It is over a small beer-saloon, and is one of the lower
class of cheap faro-gaines, pure swindle, and poor
paying establishment.
No. 273 Chrystie-st., over a German beer-galoon, is kept
by William Coleman. The class of patronage which this
Place receives is of the lowest character. The game 1s a
cheat.
No. 137 Canal-st,, near the Bowery, a faro-game kept
by au old Hebrew, Moses Phillips; is another swindling
game. The rooms are in the sheridan House.” The
game 18 of the lowest class, and is patronized chiefly by
DOYS.
BROADWAY HOUSES.
In and along Broadway the greatest number
They seek to attract strangers, and all games depending
on such support are invariably swindling concerns. Be
low is a directory for the police of a large number of
these houses, but it is positively certain that half of
them are not enumerated. THE TRIBUNE reporters vis
ited 16 named and described, batitis more than likely
that there are two score others in the cross-streets within
a block of Broadway which they have not been able to
enter, and with which the police are acquainted.
the principal hotels which do not contain one or more.
No. 566 Broadway, at the south-east corner of Prince
~&t., is one of the worst of swindilng gawmcs, kept by Bar
nev Jackman, a notorions gambler and desperado.
No. 573 Broadway, over Charles C. Richmond's shoe
store, is kept by Ira January. The game 18 extensively
patronized by gamblers who may win when the gwme
allows, but when strangers play the dealer never admits
of anv one winning but the “bank.” This Fie is in
the Eighth Precinct, commanded by Capt. McDermott.
No. 74 Prince-st., a few doors from Broadway, kept by
Alexander Marshall, is over a German beer house, It i8
supported by brainless young rogues of the Fourteenth
Ward, and makes money for the keeper simply because
players are not allowed to win. Capt. McDermott per
mirs it to exist.
No. 92 Prince-st,, just off Broadway, was lately refitted
and refurnished, and is now one of the most flourishing
establishments of its kind in the city. It is understood
that Iuchard Tweed and John Chamberlin have a largo
interest in the game, The reputation which the estab
lishment bears for fairness induces many strangers to
patronize it, and its various games are well attended
every nizht by men who play for heavy stakes. Of
course strangers have no chanee to win.
No. 600 Broadway is the keno game of Darry Meehan,
The large room on the rear of the second floor, over
Hicks's carriage manufactory, has about 156 tables, on
which lay the cards for the players, From 7 o'clock in
the evening until carly morning young men, generally of
the lower class, with buttons in their hands, and the
numbered cards before them listen to the numbers
called by the dealer, whose momotonons shonts alone are
heard until a thump on one of the tables announces that
some player has “Keno” and is entitled to the pool.
Placards on the walls instruct the players that they
must leave by the Crosby-st. exit. As the reporters
made their way to the street through a dark passage
way they encountered a man stationed near thie door
ready to give warning of the approach of the police, for
Capt. Walsh of the Fourteenth Precinet, after endeavor
ing to wean the proprietor of the house from his political
love, onee closed his house, and his animosty has been
feared ever since,
No. 602 Broadway is kept by Thomas Walsh, The rooms
are on the second story, over the store of the Thatcher
Heating Apparatus Compauvy. In common with others
in the vicinity, the place has a bad reputation, and is an
infamous den, Capt. Walsh of the Fourteenth Precinct
takes especial care of the interests of the game,
No. 60: Broadway, in the building occupied by Cham
berlin’s photographic stndio, is a faro game kept by
James Brown. Strangers at the Jarge howls in the
Sichairy arc frequently led there aud very liberally
ceced,
No. 13 West Houston-st., just off Broadway. is a keno
game kept by Charles Callender, a man of infamous
character, whose career is well known to the police. 1t
is a notorious fact that this den was used as a place of
registry during the preparation for the late election, and
that legal voters while registering could see lying about
them the paraphernalia of tho keno den. Tols is in
Capt. MeDermott’s precinet.
No. 2 East Houston-st. 18 a swindling game of faro
kept by persons in the interest of Patsey Egan. Tho
atrons of the game are the youth of thie Fourteenth
Precinct, and the game has never been disturbed by
Capi. Walsh, though he knows it to be of the most dis
Teputablo and dangerous character. This house fronts
on Broadway.
No. 681 Broadway is kept by Harvey Young. The rooma
are on the second oor, over the flower store of Bulst,
and under a photograph gallery. The business of
both these concerns is injured by the appearance of the
gamblers around the doors. The game 18 conducted on
the cash-making principle, and fair dealing, therefore, is
out of the question.
No. 683 Broadway, over Farwell's drug-store, is kept by
a man named Jackiwan., The game is fare, unfair, well
patronized, and the owners boast that they are not afraid
of police interference. Itis inthe Thirteenth Precinet,
commanded by Capt. Byrne,
No. 685 Jroasvat, over Brown's fruit store, is kept hy
Richard Cluff, Itis a faro bank, doing a good business,
and i an unfair game. Capt. Byrue has kvown of this
game for several months past.
No. 698 Broadway, over Freund's shoe store, is kept by
a man named Patrick. It is a cheating game, and man
ages to do a good business
No. 702 Broadway, kept by Thomas Shedd, over the
Metropolitan Gas Stove Company's store. Its business
1s represented as being very dull. The game is notori
ously untair,
No. 709 Broadway, over Chamberlin Dodge's drink
ing saloon, was lately closed. It was formerly Kept by
the notorious Big Candy,” a convict, but THE TRIBUNE
exposures eyirpelisd Lim to turn his attention to other
Juisehe, It {8 occasionally opened by gamblers who
ave a rich victim to fleece.
No. 711 Broadway, over Ditson’s music store, is kept by
James Mead. Faro is the game Fares, aud the house
is patronized by large numbers of dissipated Joung men.
1
£o. 720 Broadway, a faro game kept by Miles Jewell,
has the general reputation of fairness. The store beneath
the rooms, partaking of the gamblers’ ill luck, i8 vacant.
This 18 also in Capt. Byrne's precinct.
No. 153 East Eighth-st., near Broadway, {8 the gambling
house of the notorious Mike Murray of uuenviable fawe
as un dealer in stolen bonds. The house which this man
uses a8 a gambling den was formerly occupied by one of
the most notorious of New-York women. The basement
is devoted to cold collations and to a bar for the accom
modation of the regular players. The first floor is
devoted to keno. The upper stories are divided into
ronlette, faro, and private card-rooms. This house is
without question the worst den in New-York, and nightly
swindles hundreds. Under the rule of Tauians it had
political protection aud it certainly long escaped any in
terference with surprising good fortune. The players
are of all classes and characters, and while the less for
tunate, in a pecuniary sense, may Diy their 10 cent
kenos, richer gamesters play away their hundreds. The
house is situated in the Fifteenth Precinct and is well
known to Capt. Byrne.
No. #18 Broadway {8a “combination’ game, owned by a
dozen prominent gamblers, all of whoo have games in
other parts of the city. Tt is reported to be one of the best
paying gambling establishiueats in the city. lie prin.
cipal inducement of this game is that, should actual out
ride patronage fail, the gamblers themselves may play
against the bank; that is, against each other, and save
their own or lose to their friends and confederates. The
largest stakes played in the city are risked in this game,
which 18 probably as fair a8 the game can be. When
gamblers are playing the deal is fair, but if a stranger
with money ventures in, he is very apt to be badly swin
dled by the rogues, who all turn against him.
No. #50 Broadway, over Jones's book store, Is a com
bination game. A dealer at No. 5 Anu-st. kindly w
formed a TRIBUNE reporter of the existence of
this game. It was recently started, and is run
uing a very sharp business. As Eaton, the
dealer, said: We open when there are enough for
the game and close when there are none left, snd we've
cleaned more than one good man out there.” Mr. Eaton
had mistaken THE TRIBUNE reporter for a friend of
several Pittxbureh gawblers, hence this exhibition of con
fidence. The combination is patronized exteusively by
gamblers,
No. 5 West Twenty-fourth-st. near Broadway, 18
ostensivly owned by Charles Walsh, but the real
owner is John Morrissey. The «ame is visited more
by casino and roulette players than by faro gamblers,
and ig probably the most successful Institution of its
kind in the city. A swindle for strangers, but fair for
those who know the game,
No. s West Twenty-fifth-st. is the gambling house of
John Chamberlain. The games are patronized by Leavy
players.
No. 11 West Twenty-fifth-at. is also a general blin
bouse, conducted und owned by Charles Hing Thin
house is visited 5% the richest class of gamblers. Strangers
are swindled, as in other Ried fair houses,
No. 1,132 Brondway, over Hunt's optician store, is re
ported to be owned by James Barclay, a Tammany
politician, The game is Well patronized by fast men
residing in the upper part of the city. ‘Another swindle
fo strangera, f 1
No. 138 Clinton-place was formerly occupied
bling house, but Te a TRIBUNE fram iva AN Zam
piace there were no indicatious of its still being used for
Lue sane purpose.
Ou the south side of Fourth-st., between Broadway
and Mercer-st., there were three gswbling dens during
the Summer, but the respectable residents iu their vigin.
ity made such Somplajet that Capt. Byrne broke the
places up, and several of the gamblers betook themselves
to other occapations, Beveral houses ou Fourth-ave. and
Beventiaye. found the business profiticss, end also de
serted it.
At the south-cast corner of Elghth-st. and Sixth-ave.,
over a drinking saloon, a man named Stuart conducts a
swall game of faro, patronized eniellp by boys. It has
been in operation now about six months,
Aside from the gaming-houses given above, the follow
{ug were lately reported to the police by the captains of
the various precineis:
No. 560 Broadway, ay removed).
No. 3 Droadway, kept by Fillo Fields,
No. 192 Broadway, kept by Christian Sciafler,
1 Seb Ereadwag, kept by Richard Darilag
NRW. VORK DAILY TRIBUNE. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 18/L—1KRivLE BAAHALA.
Fe
No. 1.186 Broadway, kept by Samesl Whiteand Richard
Boss; "tg Lea ol R
No. 39 Bowery, by Srown. y
RIA RT
0. wery, ke
No. 158 Bowery, kept by rh Dottuo.
No. 316 Bowery. kept by Richard Green.
No. 74 Bleecker-st., kept by Eugene Riley.
No. 82 Bleeoker-st., kept by Joseph Long.
No. Blasckenat. Xe vy w am Ad fans.
0. 259 Bleockerst,, kept by Augustus Eicks.
No. 240 Bleeeker-st., kept by Augustus Eick.
No. 162 Fourth-ave., kept by John Adamson.
No. $91 Fourth-ave., kept by Josoph Doyle.
No. 8 East Twenty-sccond-st., Ke 4 Alfred Criage.
No. 11 West Twenty-fourth-st., kept by Behuyler Halsey
and Mark Letell. a
No. 36 Fast Twenty-nintb-st., kept by Ed. Cline an
Wm. January. t
8 No. 21 East Fifteenth-st., kept by Chas. Reed and Alber
pencer.
No. 34 West Fourtesnth-st., kept by J. A. Fields.
No. 74 University-place, kept by Geo. W. Beers.
No. 192 Greene-st., kept by J i
No. 351 Beventh-ave., a
No. 231 Grand-st., kept by George Brown aud Moses
Wallich, xopt by James Collin
No, 80 Prince st., kop
No. 121 Croaby-st., Kept by Albert Oatman.
No. 262 Broome-ste kept by Abraham Whitmoro,
No. 11 West Houston-st., kept 4 Murray Barron.
No. 102 Chathani4t., hop: by y Villiam Lovell.
No. 13 Anu-st., kept by
No. 17 Ann-st., kept by Hoghes Pink.
No. 116 Nassau-st., kept by Charles Gumbert.
Corner of Eighth-ave. and Twenty-seventh-st., kept hy
Bier of Broadway and Thirty-second-st., kept by
Maco.
Bo a Broadway and Thirty-fourth-st., kept by
———P———
aamnel Truesdale.
There are four faro hells within three blocks
of the City Hall. The nearest one to the Temple of
Justice" is situated next door to the Kings County Court
House. The first story is used for a drinking saloon.
The bank is located in the front room on the second floor,
and is reached by a dirty, ill-lighted staircase. The door
is never locked, and no difficulty 18 experienced in gain
ing access, The patrons of the game are principally la
boring men and boys. It isof the class known as the
“ten-cent games,” It is kept by a man named John
Conners, and is a swindling fame.
and the very worst character of gambling-hells exist.
There is hardly a block within several squares of each of
Pittsfield, Masa, Passed.
No. 67 Court-st., between Joralomon and Livingston
sts., within a stone's throw of the Police Headquarters,
is another bank, kept by Edward Lewis. The house is
known as the Niagara House,” and is opt by John
Campbell, a brother of the Brooklyn Chief of Police.
This bank does the most flourishing business of any
gambling den in Brooklyn. The character of its patrons
is nr and ranges through all classes. The betting ia
generally very light, and the game is notoriously unfair.
On Joralemou-st., second door from Court, nearly op
posite the Long Island Historical Rooms, ir another faro
bank, owned and run by George Perrin, The building
has every appearance of an elegant private residence.
The parlors are well furnished. This establishment is
frequented almost exclusively by the better class, and
the betting 1s generally heavy. A swindling or brace”
game,
No. 323 Fulton-st., with a rear entrance on Washington
st., nearly opposite the First Precinet Police Station, is
the most complete and elegant. in its appointments of
any gambling hell in Brooklyn. The room was used last
Winter for keno Jlaviug, but the term keno” was
dropped, the word loto* substituted, and the concern
was known as the Loto Club,” Last season the apart
ments were fitted up in superb stylo, and a faro bank
and roulette-tuble introduced. The game is patronized
by wealthy bat dissipated men. The owner is a man
named Marshall. Card rooms are attached, and the ap
pointments of the rooms are eomplete in every feature,
The patrons are fast’ men, clerks, aud saleswen. The
faro banks are never molested by the police of Brooklyn,
NO MORE FAILURES—EXAMINER CALLENDER AC
CUSED OF FRAUDULENTLY OBTAINING %77,000
—THE SUSPENDED BANKS.
Wall-st. was tranquil yesterday, the uncasi
ness with regard to the banks having apparently passed
away. The feeling against Callender, however, increases,
and much dissatisfaction 18 expressed with Controller
Hulbura for receiving his resignation, as all believe
that he should be subjected to the extreme penalty of
the law for his gross abuse of his official trust. Callender
evidently knew that he would be obliged to abandon his
position, for he met Controller Hulburd on the morning
of the latter's arrival in this city with a letter of resigna
tion, the contents of which are not known, as it was
taken to Washingtor. Tue following copy of an extract
from the records of the Ocean National Bank has been
furaished for publication
Examined, these 3d and 4th days of October, and found
correct, as herewith checked. A wost gratifying and
satisfactory progress evident in all branches. Eutire
harmony and earnest work on the part of all concerned
will make the institution a grand success, and soon place
it among our soundest institutions.
CHAS. CALLENDER, National Bank Examiner.
Mr. Tappen, President of the Gallatin National Bank,
who has been specially invited to investigate Callender's
connection with the Ocean National Bank, has found
checks drawn by Callender as follows:
Check dated Sept. 27, 1871, on the National Shoe and
Leather Bank for £16,000.
Check dated Oct. 2, 1871, on the Central National Bavk
for $5,000.
Check dated Oct. 6, 1871, on the Third *Tational Bank
for $35,000.
Check dated Oct. 7, 1871, on the Unlon-square National
Bank for $20,000.
This makes a total of £76,000 drawn on hanks in which
Callender not only had no money, but with which he did
not even have an account. It will be observed that when
he recorded the flattering indorsement noticed above,
aud dated the 4th of October, his spurlous checks for
$21,000 lay in the drawer, All this money went to his
personal account in the bank, which, notwithstanding
these spurious credits, is now overdrawn $1,000,
Yesterday morning at 10 o'clock a conference was held
between the committee appointed by the depositors of
the Ocean Bank and the Receiver appointed by the Gov
ernment authorities to attend to their interests. The
Committee included as an adviser in their conference the
President of a Western bank, to whom the Ocean Na
tional Bank i8 indebted about £35,000. As the bank has
among its assets a large amount of Western lands, they
desire to receive the views of this gentleman on their
true valuation, if brought immediately in the market to
realize. After an vestigation, the Committee have re
solved to prepare a statement which will be referred to
an adjourned meeting of the depositors, to be held on
next Monday. The basis of the report will probably be
as follows:
The assets of the bank (including rea! estate in this city aud
the West, Portage Canal stock, &e.,) amount to about 2.000.000
The amount of property required to pay depositors is........ 1 300,000
Fxeess on the above estimate... Sieriaeissneiivsirieiss BIOTIN
The Portage Canal stock 1s estimated at 50 cents on the dollar va first
mortgage bouds.
The bank Jroverty at Dev and Greenwich-sts. is estimated at....&70,000
The bank has been offered for its poverty... ...ooovvviieivan.s 46.000
The Committee have placed its valuation st.....cooovueinne cus 48,000
The Boulevard Yots—the bank has a standing onder to buy at..... 43.000
I'he Committee bave placed their valuation at....oevveen nn 30,000
The lands iu the West Lave been placed, by the advice of the Western
Bank President, at $15 per acre.
The Cominittee have in this way endeavored to place
the assets of the bank at their market valuation, and
Lave arrived at the conclusion that the depositors will be
paid in full. The Receiver expects to pay u dividend
within 30 days.
At the Union-square National Bank, Mr. Bixby, one of
the officers, has prepared a statoment of the financial
condition of the bank for Receiver Beekman. It 1s not
gompletes but, as far as at present ascertained, the lia
bilities amount to $388,805 34, and the assets to $527,211 86.
Of the latter sum, however, $39,782 is under Rois,
Mr. Albon Man, the Receiver of the i th National
Bauk, No. 650 Broadway, is at work preparing his state
ment for the depositors, but it will probably not be ready
for several days. There were no uew developments of
interest yesterday.
THE NEW-YORK MARSHALSEA AGAIN,
FURTHER REVELATIONS OF CRUEL TREATMENT
IN LUDLOW=3T. JAIL—WHAT IT COSTS A PA
TIENT TO CONVALESCE—HOW THE JAIL
PHYSICIAN PRESCRIBES AND THE WARDEN
FORGETS.
Remarkable revelations have just been made
respecting the Ludlow-st. Jail. The persons who control
afiairs at fLat establishinent seew to have modeled their
system after the famous Debtor's Prison in London, as it
was conducted previous to the publication of Little
Dorrit. The warden and his assistants have discrimi
pated not only in the apartinents occupied by prisoners,
according to their pecuniary status, but also in
regard to their food and the medical attention
which they have received when' sick, to an
extent that in sowe cases has been positive cruelty to
the impecunious and needy. When prisoners who have
money are taken ill and need medical care, Warden
Tracey waits upon them and recommends physicians
whose extraordinary skill he eulogizes, closiug
informing them that they will be expected
to pny these physicians for their services,
and for whatever they may order the patient
to take. Ie also tells them that the regular jail phy
siclan Is so pressed with business that his engagements
prevent him from giving them the attention which they
require. If the patient is able to pay for the luxury of
medical attendance, the physician orders nourishment—
chicken, ice-cream, sherry, and other delicacies—which
the warden provides at alarge expense to the patient,
who fees the favored physician at a rate that would
enable him to share equally with the warden and still be
well pald for his services, A brother of Senator O'Brien,
who is a brother-in-law of the warden, has charge of the
lignor establishment in the institution, and contributes
to the enjoyment of those who have means of indulging
their desires in that direction. Suffering and want have
ocourred, on the other haud, frém neglect to provide the
stdad 1 nourialiment to poor patients after the Jui Thy
olan s Mui and again insisted on ite being farnis
ago prisoner who had been stinted in
his regular diet, and whose poonltar constitation required
strong rr hmeut,. becaine weak and Qooiitated on
account of waht of food. The jall physician was
called to see the ee for hm. Dr. Franke)
attmdoed Jim, and told the warden that the man needed
uuarishment and not drugs. He ordered chicken broth,
BROOKLYN BANKS.
THE DANK TROUULLS.

and lef him.
FE Srotindsy SOS dr Be ong hn
0 re 0
Orders hv: posal. Theo me grow daly weaker tnd
wosker, until his friends Ing acquainted with bis
condition recpovod hive to hospi where, by means of
good care and ulating ment, ho was restored
Ie rankol was called upon, last Bunday, to vidy Mr.
Fancook, one of the prisoners who was prostrated from
wané of nousi Ho ordered ross Je! and Shick
en, amd spoke r. Tracey on the su On Monday
the dantor again visited his getient, and found that he
had only rocelved Kul and barley, and that no meat
had been gives m. a renewed his relate to the
warden, again nogiested 10 comply with it. The
same thing occurred on (wo successive days. and on
Tharsday morning the cian ascertained that his p>
tient been removed by friends, who had heard of his
condition and had come to roltof.
Dr. Frankel complains t the recommendations
which he hag made from time to time to the Board of
Supervisors, as the law requires, pave remained unat
tended to, and deciards that the general mismanagement
of affairs by t 8 warden and bis assistants 18 shameful.
He says that while there is no qren iquor.satpon in the
jail, yet such an cetahlishment is in 1 operation under
the auspices of Senator O'Brien's brother. Ho says that
his services are purely phitanturopic, that’ he is willing
to provide medicnes, and give his attention to all the
cases of sickness that WAY cur, and that although he
is allowed the Jooaster sum of $400 a Ag for these ser
vices, he feels anxious to alleviate the distresses of the
feeble and sick, but Shh his, cfforts are futile, because
Lis orders are disrexarded by the prison oflicials.
XL11d CONG BESS—SECOND SESSION.
tl
TIOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wasnmxarox, Friday, Dee. 15, 1871.
the Committee on Public Expenditures to raport the
exDelhse to the Government of printing, binding, folding
and delivering to Members of Congress what ara calle
public documents also, the cost of transportation of the
same, and report a bill to abolish the printing and trans
portation of such documents; or that, If printed, they
ye sent at the public expense of the members, the whole
scheme being fraught with great and totally unneces
sary expense to the Governmeut. Referred to the Comwm
mittee on Publioc Expenditures.
INVESTIGATING THE EXPENSE OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. SNAPP (Rep., 111) offered a resolution instructing
The SPEAKER then Jrocecacd to call the Committees
for bills and reports of a private character, aud many
such were presented and disposed of.
Mr. SLOCUM (Dem., N. Y.) presented a petitlon of the
merchants of New-York and Boston for a reduction of
tle duty on rice.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS FOR CHICAGO,
Mr. GARFIELD (Rep., Ohio), from the Committee on
ApRrojaiations, reported a bill authorizing the Seerctary
of the Treasury to purchase, at private sale or by con
demnation, the remainder of the square of ground on
which the Post-Office building, in Chicago, recently
stood, and not now owned by the Government; and if
the same cannot be procured at a reasonable price, then
to purchase some other square, not more than two
squares distant from that locality, and to proceed to
have erected thercon a ire proof building for the accom
modation of the Custom-House, Sub-Treasury, Post.
Office, United States Courts, and Pension and Internal
Revenne offices, The bill APproprises £2,000,000, and pry
vides that the total cost of the site and buildings shall
not exceed $4,000,000. Mr. Garfield explained the features
of the bill, aud advocated its prompt passage.
Mr. RANDALL (Dem., Penn.) moved to strike out that
part of the bill which limits the selection of the rite to
within two squares of the locality of the old Post-Otiice,
tie thought that such limitation would place the Gov.
ernment in the power of a real estate combination.
Mr. PLATT (Rep., Va.) spoke against the amendment,
and expisined that even with the proposed limitation the
Government would still have 24 squares to select from,
«0 that there was nothing to be feared from any such
combipation,
Mr. HOLMAN (Dem., Ind.) moved to reduce the total
cost Lo $2,000,000,
Mr. PLATT opposed that amendment, and referred to
the fact that the Post-Oftice buildings in New-York and
Boston ure to cost $3,000,000 each, aud to accommodate
only the Post-Otiee and United States Courts,
Mr. RANDALL advocated Mr. Holman’s amendment,
contending that $2,000,000 was a liberal allowance for a
site and building.
Mr. KELLEY (Rep., Penn.) diszented entirely from tho
views of his colleague. The Government could guard
against fraud in the expenditure of the money there, as
it could anywhere else—except, perhaps, in New-York,
where the Tammany leaders had so corrupted the whole
atmosphere that honesty was almost impossible in any
department in that city, He was willing to vote for
four willions for Chicago, and only regretted that the
amendment had been redoced from five millions—the
amendment recommended by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mi. RANDALL reminded his colleague that the ques
tion was not one of charity at all,
Mr. KELLEY replied that he was not asking charity;
he was only asking that the Government would deal
with a generous justice to a stricken people—that was
all. There was no charity in the proposition,
Mr. BANDALL—Tuat was the line of the gentleman's
argument.
Mr. MARSHALL (Dem, IL.) said that as a member of
the Committee on Appropriations, he had given his as
sent to the bill, He protested that neither Chicago nor
1ilinvis asked any appropriation on account of charity.
Chicago—a great city, one of the finest on the continent
—the most rapidly growiog city ou the face of the earth,
had been desolated and laid in ashes. The Government
Lad important interests there; it bad no Custom-House
there, uo Court-House, no Post-Otiice, no public build
ings, and it was the duty of the Government to furnish
proper accommodation forthe transactionof its business,
Mr. Holman modified his awendment so as to make the
total amount $3,000,000,
Mr. FARNSWORTH (Rep., Ill.) opposed the amend
ment, sud advocated the larger appropriation, due ro
posed building was to accommodate the Pos “Oto,
Custom-House, courts, Sub-Treusury, and Internal Rev.
cuue business, whereas the New-York building was only
tor the Post-Office and courts. The Government had a
Custom-House building in New-York which had cost
$1,200,000, and there had alrewdy been expended on the
Post Oftice, which had not got beyond tne first floor,
nearly $2,000,000. Tne building would probably in the
end cost over $5,000,000, whercus the building proposed
to be erected in Chicago, for all the Government offices,
was only to cost $4,000,000, He did not stand there asking
charity for Chicago. Chicago was still great in its deso
lation, as it has been great fn {ts life it was rising from
its ashes, and would show that it would in a few years
require a building of the extent proposed for the traus
actioy of the publie business,

Mr. DAWES (Rep., Mass.) sald he desired to disabuse
the bill of any prejudice growing out of the public build
ings in New-York. He believed that the bill should stand
upon its own merits. As to the New-York Post-Oilice
costing $10,000,000—
Mr, RANDALL said he meant $10,000,000 for Loth the
New-York and Boston Post-Oflices,
Mr. DAWES regretted the gentleman did not always
say what he meant, If 1t were necessary to drag the
Boston Custom-Iouse into the discussion he was cer
tainly willing that Customu-House had never been en
Jarged a hairs’ breadth, vor had a dollar been expendea
ou it beyond the limitation put on the original bil The
gentleman's new-born zeal in regard to corruption had
led to confusion in his mind, and to mistake as to what
he was talking about. It was the New-York Court-House
that he was thinking about that had cost $10,000,000, and
Le regretted that the new role the gentleman (Mr, Ran
dall) was sitampting had led him into confusion.
Mr. RANDALL~The United States Courts are to be
accommodated in the Post-Ottice Building,
Mr. DAWES—Do your owu talking iu your own time.
(Laughter.
Mr. RANDALL~I will correct the gentleman's state
weuts whenever I can, 1 or out of my time.
Mr. DAWES—The Boston Court-House has no more con
nection with this subject than the New-Orleans Custom
House, which is a grand demonstration of the zeal and
econowy which the gentleman’s political associates are
accustomed to fllustrate fu their lives and votes, The
cost of the New-York Post-Oftice was limited to $3,000,000,
and the enlargement, to which the gentleman refers, is
underground. When they came to lay the foundation it
was tound that they had to sink it thirty 1eet before they
could get a solid foundation, and Congress appropriated
$500,000 more to finish it up—that underground work,
which gives one-third additional room—that is that en
Jargement; and $3,800,000 is the limitation of the entire
cost. It would never exceed that unless those who now
control the ‘I'reasury of the United States shall pass out
of power, aud that power shall go into the hands of those
who would rather preach than practice.
Mr. SWANN (Dewm., Md.) expressed his regret that an
attempt had been made to make this a party question.
He approached it without reference to party, He ap
proached it for the purpose ot doing justice to a stricken
community, which had been vires by a calamity un
precedented in the history of the country, The gentle
mau from Pennsylvania (Mr, Randall) had said that this
Wis Hot question of charity, He (Mr. Swann) did uot
approach it as a question of charity, but he did approach
it as 8 question of sympathy. His own jufigment was
that every dollar of the four millions aol he required
to erect a building adequate to the business necessities of
Chicago, and such a8 would comport with the character
aud trade of that great city. He did not advocate any
niggardly Joiey in reference to Chicago or any other
city. He Lope that members would divest theiuselves
of all party feeling on this question and ald In bringing
back that once great eity to her ancient prosperity.
Mr. RANDALL cowpinined that an attempt had been
made to chulge the issue, which was siw os one as tw
the amount tobe expended. He had been taunted with
ROW Dorn zeal but no later than yesterday there had
buen such in the Benate an attempt to screen the Admiu
The SPEAKER ealled Mr, Randall to order, remindl
bim that it was not ny eg
it cio EW: in order to refer to what took place
I. RANDALL remarked that there was no disposition
S30wa by the Republican party in tbe House to ferret
A, raud und corruption in the Administration,
ide’ he usked, was there A man on the Republi
Sap side who had the courage, the juteqrit or the hon
esty of Charles O'Conor or Samuel J. en, who had
Jjuccd out wrong-doers in the City of New-York, even at
i" 1azurd of tle defeat of thelr own party 1”
trong arguments were made in support of the $4,000,000
RE prauon, 7 Messrs. VOORHELS, BANKS, GAR
tion and COX, Mr, GARFIELD saying that the
position of Messrs. Randall and Holman reminded him of
A 4h tute passed by he Legislature of Massachusetts,
au hofizing the establishment of a “hie wale” (so
Spelled) 12 miles westward from the town of Salew, sud
the Wo with the sentence, which Is Yiovably as far in
Than a 4 road will ever be heede
nts were voted down, the bill passed
a8 it came from the Committes on Abpropriations.y
o House AYPROPIATION WILLS SASSRD. Wh
en went into Committee of the ole
Mr Wheoie of the Chair, and Jasssd the two bills re
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs making
phe] to pay the excises to carry out the
ty of Washington. The House also pasead the bill
sppropriating $23,000 to jest the deficjency caused by
the defalcations of I, A. Masartuey, the lute dishursiu
glerk uf ‘the Pust Offs Departmeit. Adjourned antl
A
er
The wife of the Russian Czarowitz, the former
The wife of the Russian Czarowitz, the former
Priucess Dagar of Denmark, Who Las had the reputa
tion of being the handsomest woman In Russia, 1s des
olared to huve faded ao yap dly within the past three
{ours that she wonk! hardly be sospected at pressat of
iaving been a beauty.

THE HEATH-RAPHAEL ERIE STOCK.
RESTORATION OF A PORTION OF THE STOLEN
SHARES.
Jay Gould, upon learning, yesterday, that he
was to be brought before the Master in Equity, avoided
coming by sending a written request to the President of
the Farmers’ Loan and Trust Company to register the
certificates for the 47,292 shares of Erie stock to be deliv
erod to Heath and Raphael. The parties to the litigation
then appeared before the Master for the purpose of
transferring the stock in obedience to his order,
when it was discovered that Mr. Smith, the Assistant
Secretary of the Rrie Railway Company, had carried off
the certificate representing the 12,732 shares of stock to
be held in abeyance until the question of ownership 18
decided. Upon this discovery, Mr. Southmayd, mo
mentarily losing his temper, said: Yes, I supposo Ac.
This is a specimen of the way in which this whole d—d
thing has been carried on.”
Mr. Beach—I Rresme thot Mr. Smith took that certi
flcate Away, ALL) Hay, through a misapprehe histo; and
I don’t think. therefore, that any dishonest motive in
doing so should be imputed to hin. I have advised
compliance with the Master's order, and I know that it
will be complied with.
Mr. Rolston—I do not require instructions from the
Eric Rallway Company to register that certidcate. 1
will do so Without.
The Master then telegraphed to the Erie office for the
certificate, and the proceedings were adjourned til 2}
p.m,
In the mean time Mr. Beach called up, before Judge
Blatohford, the Totision for an order directing the
Master to hear evidence as to the ownership of the 12,732
shares out of the 60,056 shares of the Erie stock claimed
hy Heath and Raphael. Gould’s claim to these 12,732
shsres 6 based upon certain certificates for them which
Mr. Dawes (Rep., Mass.) introducéd a joint
resolntion granting catmon for a soldiers’ monument in
he says are in his posscasion. The granting of such an
order was opposed by Mr. S8outhmayd on the ground that
these shares of stock were brought into the posses
slon of thé Court by fraud and device exercised
by the petitioner, and that, therefore, be can in a
Court of Equity gain no advantage by his hwproper con
duct; that any certificates for these shares, w ich Gould
may have, were obtained by him in London, and are,
therefore, to be made good in London, where the mens
of identifying them alone remains. As Mr. Southmayd
in Nis opening argument, was laying out a very broad
fleld over whioh he proposed to roam, Judge Blatchford
stopped him, saying, Mr. Southinayd, it seems to me
phat Jou are going too extensively into this matter. It
is n Decogsiry to go all over this case again, The fact
is, I am slok of this case ad nauseam.”
Mr. Beach—Your Honor cannot be sicker of this case
than I am.
Mr. Southmayd—T am sick of it too, and sick of every
body and everything connected with it.
Mr. Evarts—We can't help going into the case, as the
opposing counsel has declined to open.
Mr. Beach—No, I have not declined to open; I will
open now,
Long arguments on both sides then followed, in which
the Erie litigation was reviewed from its inception
down to the present time, Judge Blatchford reserved
his decision, which, if he denies the petition, will com
pel Jay Gould to try, fn an Euglish Court, his right to
the 12,732 shares clalined by him.
At the close of the arguments, Mr, Field filled a cross
bill in the case of Heath and Raphael agt. the Erie Rail
way Company, and asked that, pending that particular
suit, proceedings in all the other suits be stayed. Decl
sion reserved.
The abstracted certificate for 12,732 shares was pro
duced before the Master at 24 p. m., when the transfer
of the stock was made in obedience to his order. It will
now be registered under his direction, and
as fast as registered, will he aclivered
to Henry Swan, the sUiormer, in fact, of ITeath and
Rapnael. Thus, after a con est of nearly three years,
these English holders of Erie stock have obtained pos.
session of 47,202 of the shares which were stolen from
them, The Probabilities are that the contest for the pos
session of the remaining 12,732 shares of that stock will
not last much longer.
THE GRAND JURY ASK ANOTHER EXTENSION OF
TIME—WHAT THEY HAVE DONE.

The Grand Jury entered the General Ses
sfons Court-room yesterday and, throngh their fore
man, presented the folowing document to Recorder
Hackett:
Reasons Why the Grand Jury of the Court of General Sessions
Want an Extension of their Time. —This jury was impanele! on the
first Monday of November last. That being election week, by adviee of
the Court the jury did no duty until Monday, the Lith of November. In
abont four days, the Grand Jury baving passed upon about seseuty cases
of ordinary character, they were called into Court by His Honor, Jadge
Bedford, and specially charged to take up, examine, and act upon the
alleged immense frauds upou the public treasury of the city awd counts.
In deference to that charge. the jurv immediately commenced such inves
tigations, and have pursued them with zeal avd diligence from that date
to this, They hegan with the case advised by the is Justo Attoruer
General, Mr. Charles O'Conor, as they were recommended to do by His
Houor, Judge Bedsord.
The firat resolution adopted by the Grand Jury was that all bills of in
dictment ordered by them in these fraud cases shoula be prepared by the
District-Attorney, aided hy the representatives of the Attornev-General,
to wit, Mr. O'Conor and Me, Samuel J. Tiluen, This was done with the
expressed hearty concurrence of District- Attorney Garvin, and the object
was to secure the correct technical accuracy of any bills of indictinent
that wight be fically passed by the Jury and signed i" the lore:
man; and to make all the.e gentlemen ees) respons
sible for sach acenracy. Afler any days of coutinued labor it was
fornd that it would be ia impossible to complete sa proper javesnigs
tion before the close of that term of the Court, when the discharge of this
fury would be a matter of course. On a representation of these facts
ulze Bedford immediately extended the tenn to the 13th fhst., and after
ward stated that further t. me would be given if the jury required it. The
fury have now a very eousiderable number of cases in “the hands of the
istrict-Attorney aud Mr. O'Conor, and are waiting the return of the
proper Jayens for the final action of the jury, but have not time to finish
those and others ready to sabmit,
The fury will state another and farther reason why they desire more
time, To the ueglect of tueir private affairs, muny of the jurors have
pursusd this investigation as a matter of duty, and they are all unwilling
hat their work should be lost and their acts made void by any unforeseen
technical difficulties, They desire this Court and their fellow-eitizens
should anderstaid that they do not shrink from the respousibilities of
action. The attention of the jary has been called to the i stat
ute of the laws of the State, to be found Sectiou 27, Chapter 539, Laws
of 1870), volume 2, page 1,300
A Grand Jury way be impaneled in the Court of Oyer and Terminer
and another in the Court of General Sessions, and mav meet at and
daring the same time, but in such case the Grand Jury ia the Court of
Sessions shall only act apou such matters as shal! have been heard before
a committing magistrate, and shall have been submitted by the District
Attorney,” The district Attorney expienies his readiness te submit
these and all other cases he Jury wish; but the frand cases on which the
jue are engaged have vot been beard before a committing magistrate.’
‘ie contingency referred to in the statute now exists. Doabt
less the crowded condition of the Prisons rendured the impaneling of the
pew jury a oecessity, and especially as this jary Lad Shented hearing
Fries cases in order to hear the frand cases, as fequen by the Court.
n this state of affairs, the jury asked advice of the District Attorney and
Mr. O'Conor as to the effect of this act npon their official decisions upon
complaints before them: and, althongh those gentlvwen think the action
of this jury, if taken during the session of the other Grand Jury, wonld
not be tuereby rendered null and void, still the Jury think it would raise
questions that might, aod doubtless would, take the cases
to courts of last resort for discussion, and thas delay, if
not defeat, the course of justice. Under these circumstances,
the jury respectfully ask that their term may be so extended that they
may pass upon the cases now being prepared for action after the dis
charge of the other Grand Jury; and to facilitate such results, propose to
act upon prison cases at the same time with the other Grand Jury until
such cases be all disposed of. To this arrangement the Distriet Attorney
gives bis approval, awd Las aiready sent to this jury numerous prison
cases, on whicli they are now acting, and bave passed upon some 170
cases, Lucius Comsto€k, Foreman,
Recorder—Very well, gentlemen, I receive the paper.
You may proceed to business, and Judge Bedford will
tell you on Mouday what course to take.
The trial of Joshua D. Minor, the alleged
oldest and most successful counterfeiter in the United
States, was continued, yesterday, in the United States
Oirguit, before Judge Benedict, Col. Hiram C, Whitley
testified:
I am Chief of the Secret Service Department, and have been siuce
May, 1369; am familiar with counterfeit money,
Q. State all you know about the pactuie of ecoun
terfeit money produced in coart! A. Kennock brought a
large package of counterfeit money into wy office on the 17th of last
October; according to my custom io such cases, I diected Kepaock to
mark several of the bills; he did ro, aud put a date on them; ps the
package tied up and pat in mv safe; is was taken out and brought into
court by Mr, Chester; when the package was Jpehed there
was in it a counterfeit $20 bill and a counterfeit $2 bill: on the
2th of August, 1870, I had Bill Gasuev under arrest in my office; he is a
notorious counterfeiter; went with him to see Minor: Applegate fol
lowed ns; as we neared Minor's stables he eame up to Gurney, and sad,
“How are yon, old stick-in-the mud 1” Gurney introduced me to Minor,
and told bim that he (Gurney) was in troable Minor asked if he could do
anything for him; 1 took Minor aside and told bim that I bad satisfactory
evidence that be had the $20 plates upon which were printed the hills
found upou Giarney when he was arrested Minor denied that be had the
plates; I insisted that they were in his possession; be finally said that
should have the plates, bat that he did not want his name connected with
Gurney's in the SEUSApETS; I told bin that his name should not appear
in sach connection: then sppointed a weeting with we in the lower
pat of the Astor House; 1 went there at the time set; a few days after
told me that I should have the Plates; I met Minor there, and he said
it was all right, and that I should have the ig in a few davs; he asked
we to come to his houmse, saying that he to see other persons first
about 12 or 15 days after I went to Minor's house; 1 saw Minor there,
and talked to bim a long time about the counterfeiting
business; he then told me that he was not quite Jendy to give ap the
plates, as he bad to go to the races; I advised him to glve ap the counter
feiting business, as it only injured the poor, and not the Government; he
replied, "1 give yoa my word that I will have uothiug more to do with
that business, so help me God;” 1 told him that Garney wus a bad wav.
and that I did not want to use Lim as a witness: after this I called at Mi
nor's house again, and he agreed to surrender the plates; be sent me a
check for a trunk In a letter; I sent it to A. C. Beatty, a detective fn my
employ at Ratherfurd Park: be got a trunk there om thai check, and
brought it to me; I opened the trunk,
Q What did you see! [Objected to and ruled oat.]
Q. On the 25th of last October whom had you in your employ in New.
York? A. Aplegate, Nettleship, Bauers, Fitzpatrick, Cauldwell,
Drummond and me; Whitman never was in wy *uplor; he was
only sn informer, and I Jee bim for his fuformation; 1 gave the
officers who arrested Minor their instructions ahont as fol.
lows: This is a matter of great importance, and you must act with
great caution and care; am in ed that Cole expects to meet Minor to
ny Oet. Bia about 7 o'clock. Cole is not certain when the deal is to
id when Minor makes a deal be usually has a third man with
him, and you must be careful to see if anything A slung.” Applesate
was instructed to take charge of the expedition, and Kennoek Bauers
were told to “pipe” Cole. I told them that I expected they would
captare a counterfeit #20 plate and a connterfeit $10 plate;
about half an boar before this, I had given Cole $1,500 lu good money,
whieh bad beens marked a list of the marks had also been taken by Mr.
Sullivan. The witness then corroborated the statements of the other
Witnesses as to what took place in bis oles after Minor Lad been arrested
aod brought there,
A long cross-oxamination failed to make the witness
contradict himself, and elicited no new tacts.  Ad
Journed till Monday, at 11 a, m.
nr.
UNWARRANTABLE STATEMNTS OF THE EFFICAC
OF PATENT MEDICINFS CONDEMNED.
TT mem a TREN ANVAMAN VWVWWaANAAIRRANVNYAeL
A pateut medicine case has just been de
cided by Judge Brady, in the Supreme Court, the parties
belug Dr. Byrn and The American Agricuiturist. The
latter, it would appear, has been classing the plaintiff
with Edward A, Wilson, whom the newspaper designated
a8 An he altignted scoundrel,” and added: “One of
these chaps pro essen LO Jublish a monthly paper to dis
seminate universal intelligence. We have one of these
jireclous sheets, aod find 4t to be of the Infi  t-murder and
ieeitivus order. Dr. Byrn makes a very ad book, and
veuds medicines to mateh, and ia another nuisance.”
The defendants say in théir anawer that the plaintiff
advertised a drug as nn specific for almost all dlsensos:
that it was not calculated to deceive the public Ahn ie
did not cqutain what it purported to contain; that the
Platt iff puta up the ruil patent medicine in Jacrazes
about 4 {ety in Jen and About 2) Inaba yridets
UpPOIny gad Vi th onto ni
hit yrs Al A] ray, Ag Athos Li
whitch be alvertises as an entidote tor tobacco, and de
THE COURTS.
INVESTIGATING TAMMANY FRAUDS,
THE MINOR TRIAL,
COT WHITIFPY'S TESTIMONY
fondant believes that the same Is not an antidote for to
bacce hut 8 swindle and calculated to deceive and de
frau tho publie. These and other allegagions the plain
a TE L008 Uohts tour
u nies the motion, holding that, thou
the allusion to the heathen Clunee may be immaterial,
yet the portion of the charge in regard to the tobacco
antidote 1s entirely relevant in other words, if it is not
an sotidote it is caleulated to deceive, and is a fraud,
The seller of a drug who vends it with an unqualified
statement of its re Wo take the consequences if
his representations be untrue, Kpecifics against tho
thousand natural 1ils that flesh 1s heir to” are not easily
attainable, and the medical profession do not claim to
have devised many through all their experience and ro
search, hoy are, nevertheless, devoutly prayed for,
and so potent is the desire for them that reasonable and
indeed unweasonable assertions of their discovery aro
hailed with di and the public confidence is readily
secured, hen a person, therefore, assumes (0
have divined one, the public has a right to
rely upon the assurance given, however foolish such
a confidence may seem. Drugs shonld be dispensed with
groat caution, and the laws which are designed to pro
tect the people from the use of them save under the
guidance of the expert chemist, conscientious druggist,
or skillful practitioner, cannot be too stringent. I do not
design to express any opinfon of the character of these
preparations. Whether they are good or bad, injurions
or harmless, I am not called upon to declare, but of the
propriety of holding men to a strict accountability
who attempt to practice upon the credulity of the
afflicted ow subject thew to greater <ullering Ieutertuin
no doubt.
cnsttl——n.
The petition of the widow of Robert 8,
Livingston, in the Supreme Court, involves an interest
ing question as to the constitutional power of the Legis
ture to pass an act authorizing the sale of real estate
when the preperty had been left to the widow for life,
and on her death to her infant daughter in fee. The
facts were, that the Legislature, in 1870, on the petition
of the widow, authorized the sale of the land by the
order of the Supreme Court, on the notification of all the
parties interested. Proceedings were subsequently taken
under the act by the widow, and a sale authorized by
the Court, One of the purchasers at the sale refused to
complete his purchase, on the gronud that the act in
question was unconstitutional; and an application was
made by Merritt E, Sawyer, petitioner's counsel, before
Judge Cardozo, to compel lim to do so. Mr, Demarest
in opposition argued that the act interfered with the
vested rights of individuals; that it did not authorize
these proceedings for the purpose of Bprovidjug for
the maintenance and education of the infant Pesitivnes;
that there 8 question as to the egal con
struction to be put on certain portions of the will; the
Legislature cannot assume to itself any functions spe
cially delegated to the judiciary branch of the Govern
ment; that it authorizes the transfer of Jropeny to per
sous other than those interested, witLou bid pd
according to the {reactive forms of law; and that it
was more for the benefit of the owner of the life estate,
an adult, than for the infant “remainder man.” Tho
Court held that the act was constitutional, and directed
the completion of the purchase within two days.
THE OCEAN-AVE,, BROOKLYN, ASSESSMLNTS CON;
YIBMED.
The matter of the objection of property
owners in Ocean-ave,, in the Town of Flatbush, to tho
awards of the Commissioners of Estimate and Agsess
ment for the opening of that thoroughfare, was argued
before Judge Gilbert vesterday, in the Supreme Court
of Kings County. The main objection arose from the
fact that the Commissioners, In making their assess
ments, had, in the block lying between Frank
lin and Clakson-aves.,, awarded about $16,000,
and assessed on the adjacent districts only
about $3,000, thus leavin a differenee of $13.000
to be assessed on the line of the road in Flatbush. It
was claimed that this section should bear the expenso
of opening the avenue immediately in front of it, and
also that certain parcels were assessed more than the
value of the land, as estimated by the Commissioners.
The Commissioners claimed that the assessment was
strictly in accordance with the provisions of the act for
opening the avenue, The Court coutiried the report of
thes CO LLISSIONErS,
rit
Judge Freedman has denied the motion for
a stay of proceedings in the 14 Black Friday gold cases,
which are said to be dependent upon the issuc of the case
of Davis agt. Fisk and others. The motion was made in
Special Tern of the Superior Court three days ago, and
was opposed ou the ground that the parties and facts in
each case were different, and that the Davis case had nod
Lett tele el.
al
Hawley D. Clapp and Wm. II. Florence,
sureties of Thomas C. Fields, appeared before Judge Car
dozo yesterday, in the Supreme Court, aud justitted in
$100. 000. 3
In the United States Civenit Court, yester
day, in the case of Sawucl P. Kittle and others agt.
Richard W. Frost and others, Judge Blatehford decided
that the plaintitfs are entitled Ww a perpetual njunctiou
and an account of profits,
The suits of property-owners in Fulton,
Atlantic, and Pierrepont-sts., Brooklyn, to have the as
sessments for repaving set aside on the ground of fraud
and irregularity, came up before the General Term, yos
terday, and were putover until the February Term of the
re
ourt.
In the Court of Oyer and Terminer, before Judge
Ingrabam, vesterday, Daniel Owens, who had’ previously pleaded guilty
ot sealing a watch, was senteaced to State Prison for two years....
Richard Weeks, charged with till-tapping and stabbing, was convicted of
felonious assanlt and battery, aud sentenced to three years in the State
Prison.... William Blakely” pleaded guilty of petit larceny, and was seu
tenced to 40 days in the City Prson....In the ease of Quimbo Appo, the
Chinamen charged with felovious assault and battery, the jury disagreed
and were discharged.
In the Court of General Sessions, before Recorder
Hackett, yesterday, in the case of Bartley Geoghegan, charged with steal
iug bides from Pier No. 16, E. R., the jury duagreed and were discharged,
William Carlin, convicted some time ago of seducing a German girl,
compromised the matter by magrying ber. She appeared in Court yester
day, and said she could not live with him, as he treated her very un
kindly. The Recorder ordered him to p¥ her $6 a week... Kate Jen.
niugs, stealing a xold ring, a watch, and two overcoats from Mrs. Margs
rel Joues, State Prison 1} years.
At the Tombs Police Court, Justice Dowling com
mitted Matthias Degler of Orage, N. J., yesterday, for stealing from
the barbershop of Theodore H. Hogeman, at No. t5 Bayard-st., a bar
her's chair, worth $60... Thomas McQueen and George Brehim, for
breaking icto Jacob Bogart's auction room, No. 1 North William-st., earl
yesterday, and stealing scveral articles,...Jokn Drake of No. 400 Modi.
sou-st., for attempting to break into the store of John Flanigan, at No.
215 Mulberre-st.... Ezekiel C. Wishaw, assistant bookkeeper for H, KE.
Picket Co., at No, 205 Fulton-st., fog appropriating $30 pad hin for
the Lim,
BE
Supreme Court Chambers By Judge Brady.
Meoony agt. Farrell.—Motion great and order settled. Hafner ags.
Bergmaun.—Motion denied without costs. and with liberty to reew.
Depew agt. Dewey.—Must be settled on notice. Michels azt. Michels.
Ornler settled. In the matter of the Jetliion of Edward (i, Weeks. —Re
port confirmed. (See opinion.) Rockwell agt. the Thinl-ave. R. R. Ce.
—Case settled, Byrn agt. Judd.—Motion deued. (See JYinion.)
By Juige Cardozo, ~In the matter of the upphation of Bllen J. Long
Orier granted. Black agt. Woods.—Motion for security depied; cosis le
abide event, In the matter of foal accounting of op sagt. Openheimer,
et al.—Motion denied. lo the matter of Archer et al.—Motion denied
without costs. Black agt. Woods.—Motion denied costs to abide event,
Tracy et al. vd Altmayer.—Memoraoda for counsel. lo the matter of
the petition of Jacob L. Carpenter.—Decree granted. la the matter of
the petition of Lampeliog Unies granted.
Br Judge lngrahaw.— Buffalo Scale Co. sgt. Harmar. ~Memorands for
counsel,
Superior Court—Special Term—By Judge Freedman.
~Davis et al. agt. Smith.—Motion denied with #10 “costs. Davis sgt
Davis, —=Order granted,
Common Pleas—Special Term.—By Judge Loew.—
Epstein agt. Petre.—Motion denied without costa— (see memorandum for
couusel).  Kubsam sgt. Rubsaw. —Judgment of divorce grated,
By Jufige Larremore.—Burnet agt. Spratt.—Onler yrantel. Iz the
matter of the Estate of Louis Berjiu.—Reterence oruered. Muriay sgh
Rraown —{nler granted.
ete
CLARE SC-ARPRINVMARLOTIRTIN 118 T
Unitep States DistrieT Covrr—IN BANKRCYTOY.
luvoluntary cases.
3216. Archer agt. The Guardisn 3232..The Ocean National Basak
Savings lostitution, agt. Van Winkle
3224. Throckmorton sgt. Throek- 322%, Hammersley sgt. Pratt,
worion, 3236, Stevens sgt. Derby.
327. .Crombie agt. Fielder, 327. Ln) ek agr. the Aweriean and
Freuch >toue Cowpany.
For argnmert,
2173..1n tle matter of Edward Gar- 31d. Hickman agt. Warner, Dick
risou, bankrupt. son. McElrath, Andersos,
3200, Moore agt, Dupignae, Abrams and Willeta,
Col kr oF ArrkaLs.—ALBANY, Dee, 15.=The following i» the eal
endar for Dee. 1: Nos 484, 485, 486, 471, 407, 472, dw, 406,
The Builders’ Association adopted, on 10TS=
day evening, a report presented by i sub-comnnittee, con
sisting of Matthew Byrnes, John McCool, and Leander
Buck, on the charges preferred against James M. Mac
gregor, Superintendent of Buildings. The report states
that Mr. Macgregor's official acts, as shown by a pro
longed examination, have in every instance beeu per
forwed strictly in conformity to law, and with a desire
to subserve the public interests, and the committee not
only exonerates him from the charges referred
to, but also declares that his duties as Bo
perintendent of  Builldiuge have been  dis
charged in an honest, intelligent, and impartial man
ner. The records of the department are said to prove
that as much labor has been performed as waa Jossiile,
and that the system is business-like and faithfully car
ried out. The Committee regard the Department of
Buildings as one of the most essential and useful depart
nent the metropolis, tending to assist an able Fire
Department by providing for the erection of substantial
buildings, to save the city from devastating conflagra
tions aud constant accident, to which Chicago has beea
recently subjected. The Committee, in conclusion, reit
erates ta confidence 1 the Superintendent, character
jzing him as an houest, upright, and estimable citizen
o skillful and experienced mechanic, and 8 faithful and
capable public officer—one who is in every way capable
of discharging the duties of the responsible position be
holds."
TWO CONTINENTS FOR A CONGREGATION.
Lhe Sermons ane pray el =o A wn
of Rev. T. De Witt Talmage, the Pastor of the Brooklyg
Tabernacle, are receiving a printed circulation In
vance cf that given to the discourses of moat olesgy Iota,
Tue publication of his morning sormons ju TAs Me
each week has been the rule for wonths past. The re
VYived Interior, of Chicago, has made its appearance in
lull form ahd Ketowed apirth and an0uI00e that here.
after it will print regularly er-mee
ing lectures. TAe Frisian ge aud Fhe Chrloian World,
of London, England, orgens of the Methodist and Pree
byterian denominations of Great Britain, have beea for
vome months republishing bis serinons weekly, and the
former has just made an application for the exclusive
right to print his evening sermons iu Fatofecat) appli
Saiion founded upon yg of exceptional lberality, by
fosars. Dickinson igham, the Propritors, whose
proposition 1s now under consideration. This gives to
the gentlcman ui SUdinnos Creu pabed only by the
Limits within wideh the Eughel funznage is read and
shoken., {Lrvukiyn Eagle.
A CONSTITUTIONAL OUESTION.
THE RT ATK FRIDAY GOLD CASES.
TITIDS'S BATT
CIVIL. NOTES,
CRIMINAL COURTS.
DEIKIONS Dre 15
COURT CALENDARS =Twis Day,
MACGREGOR WHITEWASHED.