Mora, compels Ma re aaaotktn, and In
Tlew of the farther Sat the erorywhew
la Uie oily jesterdsy ooptee ot paper
s-daetfcui and breach of promim, obtained
a verdict of J7600. The defendant la old
oawh to be ber father. The laUaaaow
Sacnoic 4. An enumeration of the
qualified to tare, and an apportionment ot
tbe ranreeentati vee in the general aae m-
bly, ahall be made in the year one thou
sand euuit n
permitted to look on, bnt fret none of tbe
oakef
I anbmlt the question to any fair-mind
ed even admitting tbat
H. P. Wait.
tt. Joseuh
Jobu Kyi...
Colli
White river
Loots
away naturaey morning, uaoamner v, wi
age 87 yean, raoatha and 8 days. HI bed-j m
aMa waa sarroonded by his moiber, brothers. I S S
yil ft eat sea, tig DiMma
THE MEMPHIS DVIIiY APPEAL-WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER Q9, 1871.
a ni kt Taaae.
Both of ns entity and not o aa sad
And tru- 1- the end of paaalonJ
Au people are atily peop:a are mad
Wu tol'ow tbe llchta oi fssston
For tie area a oalle and 1 waa a bean,
At.d boib of neglddj. -beaded
A yr.eat and a rite- (litter and anow,
Aod ,hla as the way wa wedded.
Theie ware wants we never bad known be
fore, and matter w- eonlrf n i amotber,
A ud t t rty oanielaone open door,
And o? etui onl I anotusr:
For ahe bad been humored-1 ha
apoiled.
And ml ber waa sturdy-hearted
Botb a ibe dtlcnea ai d both or aa aollad,
Audi, la la tbe w.y we parted.
OF Tit aWKi T OLD CHAP-
Tsataw"
Oae of the aweet old ebaptera,
After a day llae tnia;
Th. d y :.ro. u tear, and trouble,
Tbe rvcBiui bring, no klaa.
Ho real in tbe arma I long for
Be-t -nd re :agi- and bom;
ertvw and lo' e y and weary,
Cnto tbe Book X come.
ee of the sweet old elspters
T o v ha blossoms through
E la ere of tne bird, ana illilea,
On. In he anadow-doe.
H. eveni-g l'ea aoft around them;
Tbel: lalta la simply to be.
O, bte -.i by tbe ieu..er leeon,
A y G d I lei me r-st i- Th e!
s
111
11F
FnOM rut WEST.
litense Cold ia Itah The larasM Brig
aa Early Return CaaSdeatiy
Expected.
Salt Lax a November SB The follow
Ing 1-apa.cc waa received thla evening
from C- tonwooa:
"StL.ce the laat report the atorma have
not in he leaat enbaided. bat if poeaible
arc no re tearful than even. Partlea wbo
have been here for the laat two wlntera,
aay tbat they never knew each a terrific
atorm in tbe cannon b -fore. We have
not aeen be aan elnoe Sunday, tbe
nineteenth instant, lhe wind ia blow
ing, tbe enow dlf-.ing, treee falling
ar.d eviirvihtni aloomv Work la gener-
euspended, ai.d '-Bough there baa been no
lie in tbe sat torty-eignt nonra, tuey
are mr.tnectarl'y expected, eapec
lally on tbe Emma bill. All hope
ot fiudiig the body of Morri
son ia n c given an until spring. Hie
wife is !dkw distracted. Sin 9. the aliue
of F-i.iiv a-t no leaice nave passed up or
down the eanon.
..r.og Mormons themaelvea are
very anxious tbat Brgham Young ahonld
be t -re next Monday for trial. They are
poaiiive that he will appear at tbe time
oru-red II ce prevailing auirurs aouir..
He baa betn notified by telegraph, and it
la stated bat be baa already atarted for
Bar bake
Max Orson Pratt, in the tabernacle,
v-u-r ay preached with great earceat
nees in fav r of polygamy. He aaid no
lyicamy waa the chief tenet of tbe Mor
m jo r diglon, and if tbst waa taken away
the religion won d be destroyed The pro-put-ai
to give op polygamy for the
sake of a State or an! nation, or for any
other purpoae, would never receive the
aBaaaaaai of the Mormon people; in fact,
tbe Mormons would not aurrender poly
gamy or any part of their religion for any
government. Thee remarks were re
ceived with load caeara all through the
bouse of r lai'a ao, we won't."
i.nm A diepatch from Little Cotton
wood today (Z7th) aaya the enow on a
level ia ah m elx.feet deep. The res -dent
of Alta City have to dig their
way in and out 1 1 their dwell nga. Mary
of tne noaaea are ouried in the anow, and
that storm all 1 continues.
young man named Jenkins waa
burr wt by'a anow-al;de on Wednesday,
near tk mjuth of Wellington mine, and
j 0-ut by the miners and buried
on Tcurwtav icorning. Several of the
miners wnile at work for tbe body were
oaaub- in tbe a-'tdee, aad escaped with
dunculty.
Tne new Catholic chareh of St. Mary
Mad ene in Salt Lake City, wan de
dicated to-day, with mpoaing ceremo
nies ArcthbiahopAlemeny, of San Fran
iaco, offie-.ated The natntrer of Roman
Cathi.lce in the oity ia earlmated at
tb ee hundred.
Io the cou't Monday morning, the eaee
of Br-.gbam Tong, charged with "lewd
and laacivioua eonabita.ion," waa called
up, and, upon motion of the prosecuting
attorrf-y, fixed tor trial next Monday.
Mr Belupe'-ead. for the defense, protested
ss a I mi r this order, on tne ground that it
wou'd be iinpue 1'ile to have his cliec
here on euco abort notice He aeked tor
two wx-ka wbicb waa staged.
H B. Claweon and U E. Bales, on the
asm charge. Sled a plea ot abatement
at joo tbe vroand of the illegality of the
grand j.try. wiiich waa o verroled.
H-nry Lawrence, on the same charge,
wbo w odered to plead to-day, ounid
not appoa', owing to sickness.
TJpon the charge aainat Brigham
TonDg. W Pechman. M. Meacoam,
Simor Da oo, O. D. Qrant, P. K x-kwell.
Win K ai'.-a 1, lor th- uiurderof Buck, at
Warm -pritia in 17. the oourt ie now
ena:agej in bearing the motion of Mr.
Oapatead to quaab the indic ment. The
grouuda of tbe to ition are aa fol.owe:
"Pirat Tne a rand jury improperly de
et.gnatd tbe offense aa murder In the
nr.1 1 degiee;
Keci-id That there ia no addition or
deec. ption of defendant;
i hi d Tbere ia no certainty In tbe
aulr i'. n tn date of otttiae;
Fa-'.- -Teat the decs sad la not al
aaaatd to hace been alive at the time of the
aliened LuurO?r;
Frih There ia no allegation that tbe
defendants onspired together, or that
tbe-. were preeent and abetting, or were
aorw-s riea before the fact of the killing
Of Booa
"sixth -The uncertainty of thedeeorlp
Jon ne mtaiw by which the killing
waa effected;
"8"V..utb That 'he names of witneesea
ace not '-adorned upon tbe indictment aa
required by the atatute.'1
A tunon- anow alorm is raging here to
4 v Lot e Cottonwood canon ia sup
poked to be entirely blocked, aa tbere has
beat, no oommunica:ion elnoe Saturday
It Is .-a'd by Overton'a Mends tbat be
will wiitd aw tbe coar, agtinal vooa
sad otberw oi aajucting tus uaugu-
aaaata dall, wfcb a alight aaBtlaa ahreagb the
list Starling ataasy at hm
.,1
Hiinria r,f lHSI 11
S-as Bonds of IMaV 1H
a-alBandao.' lwi.
i- Honda of LSBk..
s-tt Bonds of lian, new.
6-i Bonds of IHH7, new.
t-ao Bonds of lata, new.
lao Bonds
Paoinr Sixes
Bbsllreasl Skusraw 1 tlew Torn.
BJcw Y oaa November At. 1M p m Tbe
market is unchanged, artlve aad ilea rty.
Camion as
Western Cnlon Telegraph Company
Unlekailver a V
Awdfle Mall S
Ailains Eapreea, ex dlv.
wi k, rwrao a io..
Atrerlcan Kl press
rolled statue Expreaa..
Sew York fentral
Sew York Scrip
Kne......
Reading
yichlgaa Central...
Mlcni an nouinern.
Illinois Central
Cleveland and Plttabnrs-.
Cbioaso and Northwestern.
Cttoago and Nonbweatam preferred
stock imauo
Paul
fmml aaaSBasnal
Ohio au.1 Mlaaiastppi
v nion neuu.
aads la
bosTx.x. November fL iijsj a.m.
Consols-.' M Men- u.1B
U. H. 5-2) Bonds of .Hi. SIS BMK
r. a. mo Bonds of im S Kfi?
C. B. 10-40 Bonds.
4rla afltk
m
tag
"?M
SlK I
1
ri
St
TTJ,
m
Am eomptml with y-trt1v and At.tu.-daT,
tlie niarkAt toHlay waa quit dull, tne excite
ment bavins somewhat uubslded. TbU waa
efleuaad by te oou ae tbe New Yo k market
haa taJLen. reported laat ulKbt weak, opettng
tlLla morning with an ScotT, and oouunuln
tiinuK'Hiut th day "eauy, "dull and
-weak." Liverpool; however, oontinuaa un
fiiainffi-d avnd arm. a better ndloatlon of 4
tiHJiliuv eoiiAJu market ;huu hould New York
aotoallv advance an Sc. NotwlthtandiriK
;riMt auaiM uitis hathu scarcely reachioa lfluu
baiea, holders were partially Him, ttoma of
whom Beamed to feel the weakness, aa buyer.
were not oflenngby yAc ma much aa wa real
iaHi ti-aierajaV. We aanot discover nuch 1
decline. We muted, yeaterday, middling at
l(4imy9; to-aav we quote miuaiingm i,c,
BirMlgbt Brighter cotton are unchanged, aa
they continue in active aeiuanu. wo iujub
bowever. a wider ram?e In ,uuia;;oa of ordi
nary cotiona, aa there axe aome four UlT mut
artadea of ordinary iu this market. ew or
lean weakened a partial 34c to-day. Tbe ael
rce1pu for four daya at ail the I'mted Statea
parte were ttiCa baiea. It la likely that re
ceipta UHa week will reach 110.U uaies. Thla
in u,0 ualea leaM than the corresponding
week of laat ve r Amoua me baiea, mjiu
day were 14 strict ordinary, i3,c; midallng,
1-Cc; Uff strict gtKxl oralnaxy, 17 U- be; 0 low
rut id lng, lTic; A strict iroo.t ordinary, 7So
V low middling, lTc; mj middling. u
etnet middling: .tf--; 1 middling, V: tU
middling, l&c; IT mi net good ordiuar 17
42 middiln liac: T goini ordinary. ivfc:
mid ding, ltia fue strict low middling, I 34
good middling to middling rair, kAjllc; af
stnet woom orui nary, nyc; u miauiiug. v,--j
btoiMt ui ld.:ui;. Ate: sulci tiiMid ordlnary
iTIic; u strict good ordinary, 17e; lu strlci
miuull'ig, 1bA4jc: 6etr at middling, c, 7 good
ordinary-. ITc: 5 strict middling, IVo; M strict
low mlddUng. i v: 17 shy middling. litWc; 14
mlddllmz. lWc: :v mlddlina. 1-se.
We revitw quotauona, with partial c off
Ordinary la
(iOOd -w,lriay H)40E2i
EHriciuooa urainary..
Low Mlddll' g.
Hti-lct Low MlddUug..
MiddlinH
strct.Mludllag
ljo-hi uiuaung
raftiS
rmm na
...IS .aUH
lS(a
The fbllowlna la tbe comparative dally staie-
aaaaa
Balee
Reoe! put to-day 2301
Name dav .ast rear 4.
shipped to-day
Heme dav last vear
Stock to-day aoiu?
LAt year mite
Total reoeipla to data. 13A610
Same time laat year
total auipmenis to date.. m,.
Saiui- time last year KM.
Lju.1 rear at his time ml lu.lnii aerw was
isac, m ?ew xurs, uwv ut'iauus in i-iver
mad. ss.:At'.il.
The foouwioa ar-.'be Import and axporla uf
cotton ror the past ;wen:y-luur hoars
tat roars
alamnbis and Charleston railroad istf
Mississippi and Tsnneasee railroad aw
Mampula and Ohio railroad lew
i Ul
KattmntAd per wagons xu
Total
Al
Blempblsand Charles on railroad..
Mlaaiaslppl and Tennoseee railroad
Memphis ano Ohio railroad-.
Sluatiiers, uur:u
Total
880
aw
...lsiT
ITAUhN UVITY.
Cayi'.'a tf Um ttalial Parti
Ram.
t
Boat a, X vmber a7 For the Bret tirae
Bin on tee sK-upali Mi of Rome, the Italian
par 'ism- i t met in Snnt oltj to-day. Xhe
open ma apMa was delivered in peraon by
his u-jeatv King Victor Kmanuel On
ajoman. o tit. he allnded to tbe events
cuuur. i d with the occupation of the city,
and aaid thai Iia y had restored it to her
aaU that she bad reconquered ber place
In the worlu'.aud that be wasoonvlnoed
that at oie wtuid remain the seat of the
pounncate. The relattoca between Italy
aad all o her nations, his majes y said, are
friendly. He iietleved that peace would
continue, but he w arced the parliament
that tbey wouid be held to a at riot ac
count in future, if they neglected to per
fec. tbe military and naval foroes of the
kingdom
Latsk-A dispatch received in Mew
"York yesterday (2eth) Bays tbat Viotor
t,.jini waa received with tremendous
euiuAiesoi by tbe Italian parliament. In
hia droa he aa.d the work lo which he
had de 'oted bis lite waa completed. An
lntiuia-.iod 'hat there waa a necessity of
eonot tatiag the Vatican waa ooldly re
ceived At t'le conclusion of the oere
aaoniea of ope-olng parliament, be waa
AUsd Vj the balcony twice by tbe popu
laoe. Toe dtv waa grandly Oluininaied
in the evenina;. The JPppe waa consoled
by the prieata.
FiNAktiC. AMfi TifAtiL
earnes or rna Dilt Arrut, I
TvaSbAT. Not. a, idfL
riMAMC'IAA.
am tas babks eoutinue lo report a flair
JToi bok-'hasa, and currency lu ample
mu? i., meet a demand that are 1 kely to
auppl VwrV a uo ontial change in the
...aftei lo- The demand lor loans
?""f TSlr- rdlu at gaaa per cent. pe.
uui w bile the outside market ranges
2 D to per oent- par month,
k- .iiluaiTl. stesuiy at, lor buying on New
nt'' Uoatoh ana wlhel kaetern cuiea, Mfc
hii tr-- Uie r.ta for selling. Uu NevDr
jean. wBTS' dlsoount ia the rata toi buy nx,
heKS'H -wad fcuritj market lawith
otLagc, With but llUleexC'Uinr-iit, though
moW iii appearauaes, pracUoaily, aaema
SSJSRSSwma iu ibla dii-tcUun. county
avaaeculMeU v a way which waa the
flgurs 4 tne iai aoid, D u h iTcaAarl-
aaeiaaiaWt kgiier. A,aeI,v u77,uZ!Z,
will ci -ea Th u red j. Thankafirlng.
til vL Zm tau Lrea-uieTJn hi. annual
reiori to Lhe MrUvy of i- Us-v,ury, xm-alln-
of lawt rcinisaneaa of oertaiu uatlona.
dka. tu making the I auuuai raturna kud
aava.ia duii--s, and reoomnend that a par
Eiai u.ku a-a h duty oe addad ba It for
ever. vu oW daiay lu iyment, altar the
ax uL'avUoa oi taha iu moULh Ume now al
l..wd b. law. Legal auactBienta." aa says,
wBTiaa iu-Jwj uy to his offloa Lo add one par
aaJT.t Hit: dutv due from baulu for every tan
aay. Us, .y after ths Uaia fixed by law tor It
MLaaax would seem w be the taost i
ifft to lusuis prom.pt pa ludiU ol the
urea pai utui. "i "ittit. wutuu uguueviur
ajouAjjreiisat e Use Hovrrsiaeiii for tke delay ,and
W a sevai-g. paiualLy 4u xna aelauiUag laUtitu-
2Jb
Frelchta
Ai.-rail to Boston. SI Ju; Lowell. H 2. Fall
River, fl 38; Provid-nce. tl 2b; New York,l 10
Fhtladelpbia, fl 05; Baltimore, fl per 100 lb.
Water h- d rail,; per iw Iba. Comprt-wlug,
tlfc per bale.
oiton fa Neva Torlk.
Ifw York. November 10:35 a-m. -Cotton
quiet and weak ordinary, Itric; good ordl-
MTV. It IOW DllUUIIQiLir': II1IUU11UK. rt
ml -idling Alabama, lVc; middling orleana,
4 luiddllngTezaM, Ak.
EH p.m.-C'otton duil; ordinary, 10Vc; good
j nil nary iV.'&z low midd 11 ug, ISmc: mid
dliug, 19c; middling Alabama, lysjc; middling
uneaiiH, w; miuuiiug i awe. naies,
700 bales Futures, 10, 0u bales; November and
becember, 1 l-16c: January, 1494c; Kebruarv,
Ufft-; March, Hrc; April, it1-4c
3:.t) p.'u. olton doll: ordinary, lfsc; good
ordinary, l"Tc; low tnlddliug, lr-kO; middling,
lkc: middling Aiahama, lkc middling ur
leaUM, -c; middling Texsa, aVo. t-iaiea for
exports, B6o spinners, 616; speonlatlon, 5o;
fature, lltJeU, and unchanged. et reoelptax
for fonr days a. all United Hatea porta, 32,tu6
baiea; exports 0 Ureal Britain, 33,01.; to the
oou linen t, tiowu. .Stock, all ri ,074 baiea.
tiiu 11 v Orleaaa.
Nkw OxnxANk, November 11: a,m. Cot
ton quiet and weak.; middling, 1-0 c. steles, H
bales.
3 p.m.-Cotton heary middling, lSb,Ql-,
aaics, ttou baiea.
Cita in IsfTerpwal.
L:vkkiooL, November 2f ll-JU an. Cotton
firm middling uplands, d; middling Or
leans, :0d.
11:1 j m.-Cotton firm; mlddlltg upland-.
9d ndddllng Orleans, 10d. tiaiaa to-day, lo,
Uuo 1 rales.
1:20 p.m. Cotton firm; middling upland.
ftd; O -leans, lud. Tbe alee to-day were 12,
uuu bales, oX wbiob 4flU0 were for export and
speculation. yeiwro-j a,w lAtts.
smote larsaMana, ft rJ la bote. 86 to
flbc- raflned aympa, 96 to 7.'. lu hall bhla and
kecM. Mr. 10c hlgber; New Laulalatia bit to HQ
tfttwaVB coutlnua to arrive Id falru.uantltUc.
Tbers la a good and steady demand. We
g.nota Hellnad wulte, cruanea, powdered
and granulated, 14 to 14' c: soft refined, 11
to 18c; Loolaia o tart tied, Uto lie; brown
and yellow ho aad angara, 9 to lfc
Ca"B Ti a ale
The aeaaon now aunroachiniE when the
aom trad will aaanroe very declfied proml
nenoe in commercial affairs. large South
arn trade Is anttclpaled, aa also an active ex
port demand. We take ibe following from r:
f New York Bulletin:
For 1 he most paat of the week or ten diys
past buoyancy and activity were the wo
ruling features in the corn uimkw. him n.
latore operating with a greater degree Of ani
mation than at any time for a long peri d,
1 owing to tbe fact that advices from Eui pa
were encouraging to the shippers and lis. a
were alan qalte IlberaL eaneclally during ksa
early poniou of tbe time under review, w eat
ocean freight were low and a fair suppl at
carrwug rxom waaniTering. ine activity no
doubt would have continued throughout
were It ud for an advance in freight, conns
quent upon a growing srwrclty of tonuuge.
Atone time there w s aome apprehe rrton
that the extr me buoyancy of holders would
frighten off buyers and check business, pro
ducing aome lrregu'aiity, but thla stat ot
affairs waa of short duration, aa holders, in
tiw f the rising markets In England sod
prospective call for American cereal, were
firm and somewhat determined. Our present
stock la 1 381,000 bushels, aho wing a fslllng off
of over 9uo,uuu bushels from last week. This
supply, though small for the current demand,
la decidedly n excess of the corresponding
time laat year.
It will be rememherod that the exports from
January 1, s:. to about November 20, 1870,
were about 373000 bushels, while they sre 10.
SMrOOO bushel for the same time thla year, and
we a-e likely to cloee the year pretty well on
to 12,000,000 buabela. It la true we have hsd a
very good crop the paat year, but the compar
atively low prices, and a consequent large con
sumptive demand, domest c and foreign. In
duced speculators 10 operate more freely than
In wbe t or other cereal, and a advices from
Kurope were not so encouraging ss to crops aa
to early ani Iclpatlons, exports took hold with
greater freedom, and no doubt their purchases
would be largely In excess of what they have
been were it uot for the great difficulty they
have experienced ia obtaining ooaaa transportation.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
MARKETS BY TELEGRAPH.
I1W YOIB.
AFFAllib IN WALL STREET.
Nw Yoax, November 8 ;id du 1 and
weak, optuing at illftfc, and cl jning at kl&
11174. 1 ill weaxtitato was cautaeu uy ine
iliai Lhe uaukers who have aeiit to Washing
ton the hve-twentias of 1MU, cadled in lor
redemption on Leevmotr ibL, will to-moirow
lacuivg ireswury aoiu cnecKti, paynuie 1
Decern ber. 10 the amouut of o.uuu.uju. that
amount having been already eXA.mined and
fournwi ny ul- uepanment aL vanington.
iaoaus were irom .4 per cent. lor cariyiug.
Laaaaaaam l&.rj.om.
buuLusrn ta rcurHIea The market waa
duil but mm, except In new bout 11 Carolines,
w hich were weak. AL Lhe last call the juoiu-
iious were: uisouri, m; Virginia, u u
v nginia. -du, vi; lennssaea, uLd, U04; Ten
!jfa.-e, new, -r8. Noith Candiuaa, uid, tW
North Carolina, utw, if.
United States aSwcuilUss Government bonds
were waax and lower at the close, owing
lo LUe IaWJL Lill g.Vl II UH Hi uciepLeu nuu
the offers Lo sell xlve-twentlta, a they were
ail con-aidered to be above par in gold, lhe
AaXprwas (sty: "Tne refusgai ol Uouiwetl
ptU chase any bond created oouslderable dis
satislacuou among paitlas who pui lu pro-
iHssik. iid ,.ucf fi goiu ai :io n a 111, auu
govern moot uuuld hav. ieitcied ooud at that
price and under from among prapuaaia. UUL
tne seereLary took ths price 01 gold at a later
hour aa his susndard.'' The cloning prices
w ere rive-twenties, 1..'-. nse-Lwen
Uesof 1MK ill); dvt-tweuiles ol itntiH, ill; five-
iwenUes of lasti, lll; ave-tweatlea ol ibisi,
new, nvtr-.weuues of lUs,
twenties f Itm, m ten-forties, ,.o cur
rency six us, lis.
exenange liaiikera' bill,
'susaj. avaau ttji.aa jw.K u .ct.ti-1 dull and
steady jut jecauue si rung on uewa from
Vaaningtou aoov ralarrea to, ana waa nrm
at the cinae. wnan the entire Hat auTauoed X
par oaat. irom the lowest oim of to-da
ine savjauc? waa mwst msrxu iu riiisnu
-na Okuo, ..lurmweai-e n, xthd island, W
bsaa sdu western Uui on. The current
'oeculallon on the slocx exchange seems to
are cnaangeu rum mr to out.. iaon-y
hia moraaiag was aouve at 7 per cant., bnt
saaiuaton news oauseu sn eaaier jeeiin
tae cloaiug rate being j r ooul.
THE DRY UOODri MaKKKT.
Tbe demand 1 limited to the urgent u-
ties of the trade, but the drtuneas in mw male-
rials prevents any dtcienaiuu 111 prices of
foods wtilcti are lmpcrisiiaUie. while lauci
s,ud thin fabi ius, in order to wind up aocouni,
tare selling at lalea wuich net the owners a
ss. lil irotlou goou.t Iheie 1 no iJt.rtleulai
-bange lo observe; the demand la moderate
and prlcea sieauy at li'-fcc lor Laucy print; Jjo
:or Uri ueiiiiur--. re ioi .mpeiiiu irpf; i;-'a
late for heavy brown hhocunga; u 4i4,c lor
imjsl orow n uiiiir; "wo regular ioi nea. six-ooiu
-po 1 oottou ihreau; uoc lor No. 5i wuisied
u raids, and eoc lor oolls and oilier makes al
paca do.
THE COTTON M AKK.il T.
Cotton is in fair demand at lower rates; mid
dling uplands, lfc.
sr. LOCI a.
Sr. Louis, November J. Cotton firm at
IHc. Flour firm, but advanced freights
rUeckeu buaiueias somewhat; supertlue wel
urn, 96 36(b extra winter. feMtj lo; XX.
hi ia in. W heat lower grades advanced:
Vf, A l-a-l SI A- n -1 r M
demand fair and market firm. No. mixed iu
elevator, mixed on track, 44c. Oats
firm ouiniow; No. Lu elevator, 37c; mixed,
4a5e. '(.i-v unchanged, tlye arm;
1. at, igTiic. Whisky unchanged, &eo.
p.agglug uucuanged. Pork o.uiet; jobbing at
ai iu, ii j NHirsj muaui ai o iuim, ii iu ui 11
clesvr rib bulk sides, tta c; dear sides,
''O0.c, for order iota, bacon uuiec houl-
der, ;c; clear rib aides, 7c; clear packed lu
ajuumw, .c. uaiu acuvs aL fMfHMa ii
.IC l ri
Gtottsdi of rnflifiirf
Whence comes that firm reliance, that abso
lute, nndocktlng faith In the emoaev of Hot
tetter Stomach Bitters as a remedy tm in
digestion, allloae disorders, Intermittent and
rej. lttent fevers, which notcr:oasly prevail
In all parts of ibe United Biatssf This con
fldence has bean g owing lor twenty years,
andlilftstlU extend inc. It it notthe result
ot crf du -ty it has not bean engendered by
any hum n d erica, but is the spontaueons
and naiaral oncequence of experience.
What peoples daliy going on under their
own eyes they cannot question Wben faml
tes in unh'-altby districts, that resort lo this
wh' lsaome vegetb e tonic as a preventive,
rape perfxilcal fTcrs, and their immedi
ate neighbors, who neglect tbat preoantlon,
are pros rs ted b tbe dUe&se, how is it possi
ble that the phenomenon should be without
Its lesson T In like manner wht-u it Is seen
that obstinate casas ol dyspepsias, of liver
oomplstnt, of constipation, of nervous walk
ness, and general debility, yield to the ope
ration of the famous remedy, bow can even
increduil y itself withhold its Indorsement?
Eye-witnesses of the sslutary effrc'a of the
bitter 1 re to b foond In everv dvil'ssd set
tlement on tuis oOD'laen. The tunusands
npon thouswiids wbo owe th"lr re torail n
to nealih and s rei gtn, or ihMr prei-ervallon
from slf ness t? its extrsord nary maaiclual
properties, are enthtasla'tis In its praise
ibe multitude wbo i oornmend It In a
neUbtoriy way to tbelr frleues and se
qualntanees, as well as those who made pnn
licthtlr estimate of Its virtues, are always
re dy lo state their 1 essons lor tne tallb that
is in the They have all t itbsr felt or wit-
its oenefloenl o eratlona.
A. U. TxaacwaiaX., lata Meaeham a Tread wail
A. B. TBKADVitk of Tread well 'Tns,
B. A. Tbkadwtxi, of r read well Bros.
B. D. TBkaVnwBUaia, of Treadwell Bros.
A. C. Treaowell Bros.
WHOLESALE GROCERS
Ajno
COTTON FACTORS,
M. U UNION STREET,
STONEWALL bLOCK, MEPIIw, TENN,
IA VE ONE OF TUB EAKOEHT HTOCK8
it has ever been ibelr pteure to offer,
both to tbe city and oonntrv trade, con latin
in nart, via:
k-ra amftJai
lOO bhds. Naisr 1 S4W bsla. HmMtmrt
svou iMiia. irssMifs-sii ssunrH 1
nuu naia. nsnr mi wi
1 000 baia. ssait 1 wo wbia. wuaatjr 1
wu pauxw. asases 1 iiim aasasa aai ainii
OO essaasj Oysters 1
Ha aai, Maaa Pwrk, Hausaa, aasi-d j
faekere-l Mo la sea, sail, aassT vmrtVaaui
ol ber artfalaa 1st lAatr Uat tssa a.eiaee
assa tasnslltn
BATCHEliOBs' UA1B DTK.
THIS superb Matr Dye 1 the bast In tbe
X worm perfectly barmUss, reliable and
Instantaneous no ulsappolntment no Hdlo
ui u unia or uisagrc-euuis oooi. 1 ne genu
ine Wm a. Bathlor'B Hair Dye proouces
irnmedlaleiy a splendid black or natural
brown leaves the n sir clean soft, beautliul
dies not contain a particle of lead or injuri
ous oompounu. no, a uy ail ornggists. e ao
tory, 16 BOND 8TK1!aET, N. T. 006
aaavoelier at eefa4 Ju, um mostly ul
Wk agrve steady at $3 jus5 for lair to
K -wS., esnw, tMi, 4UW, 9UUU, 4W0, luun
sTfu; uaV t2Ht head.
sftI4.A4.4S.
are
dajlt aaviaw.
Tbe 4ltuatioa on Front street this morning
waa nit favorable for a lively trad. Tbe da)
was cark and gloomy, sud ncelpts Ugnt
Tbei e waa a lair ordsu busiuass, buL outside o
Oils ttiere was liltla anlmaUoo. But one boat
arrived from above, biingiug giain and pro
duoe, -k1 that in smalt quantities. On the
se reoeipls weie light, lieuos trausaction
from first nanus were few. Kate, we learn,
have advanced, from at Luuls lu Memphis, on
pout d fxeuhLa,fe par lib pounda, od lc ptu
uarrel. Tuts will have a ivudenoy to sdvt.n
produce and grain. In ttt. Louis, the low
grades of flour are in demand on southsrn ac
oouut. says the Democrat, and scarce, aad
aaso that the east Is cat. ing for corn, auu that
the hsy maxkel Is stiff -supplies for the wses
were totally Inadequate u. tbe damaad. All
this redects, necesnarily, oa this market, ol
which we speak under their respective heads
Tbe tea-sin of lhe advance as given is that the
barge whloh were prsxrlng to leave t.
Lou a. laden with grain, produce sac., are aot
raoeivlng, feaxlug the running 10a.
Ba.coM was nrobably quister his morning
tan for several days. Tbe supply of elear
side is not so large a last week, and pricr
for two day have ruled steady, at .ar
though for casn, In open m-rkft, offer of le--
thau m have bean made Clear rib Is quoted
at tbe same figures, but no la the market
Shoulders wa uawte at TSlvspi nJ lu lair re
mand, with light supplies, iwj-eekiasi sac n,
lu moderate demand, at liamif JO Cboloeplsin
hama, 14016c; cuva-d. .44ft Mesapork,
In ilubt receipt and la moderate rqu-i, at
f!4 6u4ki5. nuik meats--clear ataes, quuieu
houoJerK, ef'fcc. tteostpi
njoderate. and not a very sen vo mar set.
Dealeis in khota report a fair feeUng, and
tbia morning ar quit firm at the late
advauo. on the slreng Ji of the ad
vanoe In freights laWowipU are large,
with a art rally local ana interior ue
taaud. Wsquoie: Supers, ff afoo ix,; extra,
ft) 5 47: good fjunily-, 97 daya; fancy brands,
Is
In AeFLxa there Is uu Changs whatever
t4uppie ol Inferior quail ilea, which hav
been nn tne market lor soma tun lu greai
quantluea. have been worked off, and usw
kuppllea are about equal to tbe demand.
Choice apples are la request. Wa quote
ouoice st if 6U- ju. and u Jier quail Ues from
fi fid.
For the trade uaOdiKO is In light demanJ
and heavy. Tbe in:r, or demand Is light, at
Ittc for 2 in; lb .7sl7s-
Tne market for BL'TTsta is quiet, with fair
receipt, and a moderate local demand. We
quote: For chulo, i4a. prim, ssc; fair, aoc,
common, 16c.
inoorraa there Is a fair ree'ing. notwith
staudiug tne lata news denying the anticl-
sied famine, ao well advertised. Our dealers
sve fair stocks, equal to the demand, which
Is steady'. We quote BJo, lUta-Mo.
CAvaaAuas ar in modraie supply, with a
slow demand. W quota I per crate, 607 ju, as
to quality and eta.
The market lor suoa la a hade better, with
supplies liguter. Though eggs were selling at
attend Sic ibis morning, we anttolpsle an ad
vance of Jc to-morrow.
Ibe 10 l Lfni market continues glutted,
and tbt-'Ogb full prices for chickens are pretty
well maiuUkloed- Tbe demand is very Light
niaikwi heavy. We venture to quote young at
Si sfc wwkL Iwissi bu oeese, fH7 otj. Turkeys
are In moderate demand for local consump
tion, ranging in price from .(0i7.
I'oi x as ars in better request. sVupphesSJS
1 ght, wllii an active demand. e quotas On
the 7e.ee, f uat In stor. by dray-load,
ft Trig 4k).
In 'jmons there Is no changa. The maiket
Is heav.; iow sale, suppUe large; ranging:
inlet lor to fair, Si tOfii a-5, good o choice, Si af
ekft There are aome on the mark t, extra
choice and large, selUug al fj oao eU.
The okjiua" market present a vary firm
f ont Uiis morning, bupplie are iuoierate
haidly sdequate to the detuaud, especially in
the lace of ihrtUning eeie weather.
i vsvm im the levee, for shelled, void for QoA
61c, but very litue was doingno stock to work
on. Oce 101 o w.u 'ti"w y
tbe seller ai ouc, aad by the buyer at JJc. If
parlie do not wish to give us tiaiuusctloiis. We
do aot wish them, but wneu thy do o, we
hope they will be honest, for by a wrong quo
tation given us, tbe parties might wake up
oiue fine morning aad find themelvea lm
morlailxed. In oat w hear of no tranaaations. Supplies
are lighter. In the abaeno of receipt. e
quo Mixed on the levee, Sue; while, bikim,
in AjftfH.
There were a :e-- small transaction la
asvAaN.aifa .ndaaiu. We quota at SMgaa,
Hay is firm at full prices; so o ice, on the
lavas, f4M, In store, fax; oonuaoa, fa oa the
levee; Sate in store.
Tbe .jva trroca market eoaUaaas asUve,
Willi lair reosipu.. we quota.
Heel cattis, 1st quality.
Medium to good
infenor to Mmnum ,.,r
HogTi, for heavy
Hog, for llgbt weight.-
mitadii. cnoine. arose......
hheep, iuferir to eouanon, per headLf l
Oowb and calves, choice..
h i itSaa are actlv and full price
4a4a: Flint hide. Ifc dry salted,
gieen "aiiu.. -w--i 1 w y TaS
aoie at auc, ss lu quality and oou Uuon.
DeeibKiuji are taken at 1 -sAA-c V pound, and
.A.K.IL1 gat steau fgeacb.
swavsay sW Jul i'i?"smV aw!-!
It St
;j.iu. Wa
14A1..
"ML"
.lutcnauni 0. r lOUT qUie. StlU
unchanged. W beat d maud acLive and
prices auvauced No. 1 Chit ago npriug, S1 -'-a
1 a44; o. Chicago aMtaat 1 if; No. 3 CUcssso
spring aeliei Decembei, fl ii'.-,. seller lust
Lvauoriieoeasnar, i .im.; seller Jaiiuaiy.al ai-.
uorn Ueuiaud inir and inuikeL firm: No. at
mixed, 40V;; rejected. slai4c; No. mixed
ne' ieeiuoe(. kic. 1 vest. 4o-we
seller Janum 4v Aili- 4lIbvRH tt.-. Qir:
(lye quil and w No. L,c laijeeled,
saawse uais iu lair o em auu ewai 'rale
No. ai,Hlc; seller Decemoer, ai;c seller Jau
u ry, eT54c Bailey dull and prlcea a shad
lower N 4 spt ing, ,c No. S spring, 4a4 c
fork -demand acuv and prices auvaueed
1 ne, ti2 of; seller Deoaiuber, f U x4tti U;
er January, f U 67iAli; seoer Ma. on. Si I -"Of)
id da. Larddemand is acLive and pi ices ad
vanced to c, seller December, ,c seller
January, nc, Peoruary, v-gc; Mai en, ft;B(Kj.
tiiaen meal are In good denianu auu teady.
Ham, (7'avo; shoulderts -diui l
ribs adiori Cl aj "it4irjo. 11 g. kietuauu
active Mild prlc ad aacu, fa W44. Frvighi
to Makao orn, lie.
(IMLiAAlI.
CiiwCiHMATi, November as. Jot ton In fair
demand, but at lower rates: low mlddllug,
i-4c. Flour quieL and unctianged; lauilly,
6 uni. 90. Wueat steady, with a modi-rate
demand at f 1 4.101 44. Hys in lair demand
tuaraet firm at 7KsAc. Oat steady; moderate
artnanu stj4ee. t ariey n gud demand at
full prices; nprlua, Q ?so, suijaoc. ColTe
steady, with a moderate deinaud: pniiiu,
fc a ii gar dull aad uroonlng New lawiassusj
ac lower; rvflned, a shade nigher. L;aeeu
oil steady with a modaraUi demand at
47Sc. Lard oil demand good; 11 st
price, laa&g n fair demand and mar
ket firm at one Mullet 1 -aaio and fina at
il4J(7e; Cbeeae in fair demand a. d market
arm at i44j.se. afoik lu ligbL demand but
.-older firm; old, fU nw, f li 7s. Lard In
iigbl deinaud but tiu.dere firm; steam, -sc;
aettle, &c. uik meat in ligui dexaau i but
noiders are fltmer nouldera, -40; side, off
uju for clear rib and t4o,c oi deer. laUoun
iu light demand but noiders ai firm, new
u'Uiuers, 7 s.ear rib sides, 7c; clear, old,
demand an marks 1 or in;
good to prime, 44 4 44 jU; leoeiple, li.AAi.
vVhisky la good deineuu ai toil prise; Sue,
LULtaVlLLa,
i. oDi vi LL-a, e.uoei ab T- bacoo 1 very
firm; sales, s lugs at su8; for lea fe 5taj
2, the latter iaie lor medium of the new
crop, bagging dull and depressed; small lota
of A;, lb. ti x seliiug at prices lower than quo
tatlou; Us nip is entirety nsgiected aiid holuer
were pressing sales, offers were made at lower
tigure; the quotations lor netuip and rtax are
1 mlttc. Couoa. inactive and lea firm, but un
ii:qcd; iu ddiiug upland, 1 Fl ur ia
in light oruer demand, with no Inquiry;
lor iwuud ivi; extra fauaily held f ..Uuja 00.
Uraln q uie c. and Qrm, sales, wu bushels red
wheal from store at SI du. Provisions Inao
liva; no buyers in tb market: mess pork held
at flA In round lot; bacon and other meat in
vary lig.'ii demand at prsvioua prices. Ijud,
taaitHi. Witiky iUmsi, vc, but 11 uie demand.
NtH OKLa.AJ.ave
New OsUJUgJUt, Nowmber as. Cotton le
in good demand and prtoes are easier. Sales
sotu baiea. tiood ordinary, 17Uorc, low mid
dling, lrBwfbsOi ;n doling, ttsfLb'yifi. Ho
ceipts, fseu bale; exporla-to Liverpool, SUA)
bauoatu oontlueut, lluu bale; slock, t24ilti
beae. Com -acarce at TOqVac. fork firmer;
mua, f 14 au; heldalaaX' higner. Bacon shoul
ders. 7940; aid, 7(0oe. Lard dull and low
er; tieioe, stwJ4 i LeHt tfeAiVJc. Bugar etead
ier, lnf rtor. usjo, common to good loui-
mou, V:; I-Ji laur uur '7ti4tfc,
prima, vioc.
inlcriiu
Molae Ur uii
jU4kL4fc; common, ibbc, prime, StfrHc; strict
piiine -o choioe, fctoc. aieiUng, lafc; sight.
UMSOoua L. UOiU, Ui.
BALTistoaa, November 3b. Flour steady and
in moderate demaud. Whsaidull; Ohio and
Indiana, f 1 it fjU Corn dull mixed West
ern 714.70 Oanisieady, moderate demand at
tjftuo. .Provisions, baiter aad wblaky aa
snanged, VOftJkU4s MAJtatAClg.
UVEI1POOL
Li vaarooiA, Novamber 144. Cotton Arm;
middling uplands, wd; middling Oiieaua,
iud suies, IaLuOU bale; tor export and specula
tion, 4uuu bale; sals yesterday- reacned
iajutj baes. Ou ship named al Bavanuah
or Chailtattou, Hjid. Yarni and fabric at
MaucbesLei sLeady lireadftlnfik dull; Call
101 nia while w best, li IfoJi red spring, U
Uaftd; red winter, llahd; reoelptsof wheat for
three days, 14aJU bushels, alt Amtuioan Flour,
fsasw Corn. r2 d. PwSVi, k ul. Hem
pTra.fJsod. Che, uu. Ctimlvaad mid
dle, s7s.
LONDON.
Loaoo v. November Sf At the do con
suls, w.: United btate ueourltiea of lfex,
Qoupon, si"; nve-iweniiaa of iboo, coupons,
kix- five-twin tie of 17, scupoas, Wa, lea
fy r ties, sou pons, -v.
PABOa
PAAza, Novamber Her tea, 6St Sat,
FRANKFORT.
Fa November 3S. UaltaS SUtas
purities Flv-ianUs ef lass, soupoas, V7
ALBX. ICftsAT.
a. A 1 1
MURRAY k RIOQELY,
MERCHANT TAILORS,
M.3t Madloa Strwt,
last of jOUrks Jeweltv Wore,
LEA 4 PERRiNs' SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
"THB ONLY GOOD "AUCE."
It irrprovas appet te and digestion, and It
is unilvaled ior its fl vor. We are directed
by Messrs. LE a a t KttKlNd to prosecute all
par ues maa ng or vna intt c u ten its.
JOsflV nCNCAN'H M4JNN,
ocfi NTn. York
fiaryaint. Bargains
I WILL BULL LO W FOB CASH, TUB
loutlaerxa
:otel.
lust now QtllSned and lu lull blast, with new
urunure, auu ait -jomp.ese, siiuaieu neat
1.110 railroad crossing.
1 will also sell cheap, a good FAMILY
Rr-BtlilN L, convenient to railroad crus
ng, with nice yard, well imrovea and wetl
Met wnn iruiv trees, gooa gsraen, diaoiea
01 lbs. etc.
those wishing to buy will dr well to call
on f w ii i ...wni
Proprietor ol the Southern Hotel,
November IS. 1K71 Hnmtoidi Tatiu
10! SPKIN6S Or AHsANasS
Acctaasdaiiwi Hack Lm,
mm. S 0AIS, Pronrtttw.
i N uoceBfni perauou ror six years. No
L THSOUOK TICIKCTH -Old OD this ill
I'artie aaa and kjhow what ihey pay for i
ore parting w one uuuer.
These hacir are all of the very beet mi -rial
and bo lexprassly ror this travel. Tan
at six pet sons, are large and 00m y, an
may be used by parties ot from two loflvt
with oral nary baggage, or fox utvaIaXDb,..,.
.eats being ao constructed as easily to oot
tliutex bed. Hememner, this la the on.
ALCommod,tlun Macs. Line, and no Utroui.
ickets are sold over 1L Uscks may ba M
cared by loiter or tolegrspu- Office at tu
ntiMMi v an fee w
MOOOM2S
KELLER at BYRNES,
HARDWARE JOBBERS
100 ana 102 N. MAiN ST.,
ST. LOUIS MISSOURI.
317,
H. WAGCENER,
CLOTHi.llC
AIIS
MERCHANT TAlLUmKii
ho cam.
im aempnia. la Well Fillea aim rUclc
lHUUltl,
rttsiH,
suit KNULt
W OOUBN
nr .iemlbmen 8 wsax.
J. H. WAUHKHKaV, frop'l
.OnKaVATB.
BTABIJHHKO 19 lHe.
a r. rsxsoOTT.
J. f. rBBBOOTT.
0. f. PRESCOTT CO.
Dral.r. In
Coal Oil, Lard Oil, Lamps
4AMP FIXTUREb TINWARE,
'rtt. sTJaJrjrACTuaxaa or
JanoiaW Paim and Rosin joaps,
Ha. as
ppo.lt. Won nam Sonaa,
MJtsiPH!8, TKIK.
aarcaab paid for araaa. and tallow. (oolr
DISSOLUTION.

'PHRflno of Dandridgr, Mitchell A Co
X this day dissolved by mutual onns. nl
apt. A J. blsck rtin iuk. ihebnsiuessw.ii.
nerealter be oonu-ioted nnder 'uesamehiti
nan,e. they asaam ug alL liabilities sg.lL
the old arm, and collecting all outstandiii
udcbleanMsh
aJaJS DailX.lt. MllX'adkaLL 411
The sttention of wnoiesaie aeniers is spe
cially invited to tbelr larg s o-x, which us
been gotten up with great care, and n ofTered
st prices that must i-sove satlsfaotory to buy-
fLelr Cotton Apartment Is under the
cbarge or A. 0. TKl AUWLLL, wbo gXvtm his
Eprson laltentloir to i he sate of Cottoa. an
evlinr had 1" ear experience In tbe bus!
ness, feel- oompx- eat to do luetic" to shipper
in tbe sale or the staple. Tbey would ii rther
return thanks ror the very liberal patronage
herotorore extended to i hem, and respect
iqjiv wiu-r-K (Tit u nuance uj me
saUdaw
Cotton Presses
AND-
HORSE POWERS
turn
RgyBglot" Revelvlai Wrtwyjat Ir
;corro pmss
IS an improvement on toe on popnlai
Bcrew naaaaa, and laprononni dtobeint
moat com dnratilr- ana ar rorkiat
i'r as now on mtimarsei bawnolew.lg.
ol tn. Prtws wltn Lfaa otton In In. txx sianaj
on a pivot, enabling twt men or one hora. U-
preas a ouu pouna oste vua
TUB gITBl1 IMS aOl
la ananrpaned o atre:-tn and durability
tbey are man a; otarel xpreaalv for ottor
'ilnulng, Corn 111a ai i otbar planiatlon
work. Tbea. ai lelea ok tu. PtUUtiaMf
at tbe Tax a "ax. 187L
Manuiacti aa Mow Tloans, at
atTIOLm UBOK WOaJU,
okjisb South Mabjkbt amd "oltoh Sis,
Near at lary's Market
W. U. HsTKioi.ua, Kiuprletor, -ox lavo.
Office nd Depot, S3 Carondelet streei
i Off IV 1MFII. AUESI FOB SWIFTS
.1 IKON 'NHHTEKL WOKKB. la Agent for
tbe abova Pres. In tbls section ol tbe oonn
try. The Press oajs bbsbsn. in rtruvou
iho oBDka. by calling at Hwltt'a Iron and
Steel Works,
196 MalD Strsat. 4eepai6, Teia
say-Come and ezamlDe tola wonderful Im
provement In Cotton Pi sees,
ear Ae-enta wanted ev r wbere
aar-enil 'or r. -r. i
FrnTtnnii Ysifllin it llrW
ttaHUsUA. Fir.l.tttll a
J I rani .ii-m1.
LAST NOTICE.
Secure your Christmas and
New Year Gins.
$i,ooo,
HT the authority of the act of t he Leejlala
tu-e of Keatnckv, of March 13. 171, the
Trnstees of the Fubllo Library of ICentucky
wlM give a
Grand Gift Concert,
AT MUTINVII.LK, KT..
Saturday December 16, 1871.
I OiV'OO Ticket of daalalon,(lO esvela,
4'nrreney; Half Tickets, $6; 4aatr
r leket. M M.
Tickeu will be sent by registered letter: the
monty for them msv be sent by P. u. money
order, Kreenbacas or dratt-
Escb ticket oonflists of four quarters, value
f i W eaeb. The holder H entitled to sdmis
flon to tbe cone r, a d to ibe value of the
alrt awards) to It nr ne 'raetlon.
fto.v,ooo IS UBKI-MBA(aS will be dls
irl tinted io holdtrs l leasts, in cuTts ot irom
11(0 000, the hlgbwt, to 10i, tbe lowest, being
7 1 glit In all. Tbe tvacert It for the eatfli
of the PUBLIC IdBRkBT t- K r.N U "K Y.
The 'ItlaewB Barak of K'Wtacky la
TrsMnrsr, and tne I oiporators nu auper
vsors are the Hod. Thomas IS Urau-lette,
iatr Governor o Kentucky, and twenty-seven
of the most d-ungn hed and respectable
ej lsens of tht- sltate.
Tbe undersiKL td, late principal bnaluees
man-ger of the vrj eoeces ul 01ft Concert
for the oeneCt of tbe Mercan 11 Ldbrar at
Han Krancisao, nss been appointed entand
Manager of Till- Urano -lit concert.
The drawing and dlatrlbui on will take
place in public, and everything will b done
lo satlsrv the nay era o tic i eta that tnelr in-t-rests
will be as well nrotee ed as if they
were personally present to an. erlntend the
en ire attalr.
For tickets and Information at ply to
C B. PKTSKH, 190 Mains., Louikvlile. Ky..
No h At tor House, New York.
H. X, Hempsted, No. 4h Broadway, Mil
wsukee. Wis
M. A. Franch. Virginia City, Nevada,
M A. Wolf, No. 816 neKtnut st., o'. Lsouls.
Tickets aiwo for sale In every piominent
place In he United otate
Ovltjg to theg-neral derangement ot malls
and advertisements oonst-aiuent on bedls
aa rous conflagration in lb West, the sale or
tlrkets In this enterprise is extended to Nov.
SO, ls71,at wniob time t be main office. 130 Main
ei ouiaviiie, A.y win ciose ioi MnjoBimeni
o' accoanis and busineta. No orders except
bv mall will be received alter Dec. 1st, and no
orders by mall will be tilled after Dec. iith.
Tbe New York office a ill dose Dec. 10th:
other Hgtencies Dec 5th h.very ticket unsold
i ec 14 tn will be cancelled by Its number.
Th drawlna will taxe rise in public ec.
16th, '87 ooinooeno ng at 7 .m.,an i continue
u. tbe 71 gifts are awarded. Paymtntof
awards will commence Dee. 19, at 9 o'clock
a.m t'lrrnlars oi awards will be fonnd at
every aeency ae soon as they can be issued
correctly, and will ale be sent to all ncxei
t ivih' as soon as possible. o order will be
mu d .4L main omoe for le-s man siu
u!7
New Remedies (hi&k Cures
AT
OR. H. DtCARL'S
Medloal Offloo
Wo 201 MAIN STREET.
BETWEEN WASHINGTON AND ADAM
Mreets, Memphis, Tean Dr. DeCar..
formerly of 840 slain street, BoSalo, N. Y
a pec aim in tbe treatment of Hy on 11 la and
all ('lioasea of th genital organs of male or
female, la permanently located at No. aot
Main street, Mem phis, Tenn.
faeta are faet s. Uood phyalane acknowl
edge nls iaprtOJ skill and unprecedented
Buocess, and send bopelesa cease to him. Pa
tients suffering from akin diseases, diseases
of tbe b uiea, various forms of Cachexia and
those anomalous and complicated cases of
old standing, where tbe constitution baa
long suffered from protracted mercurial
treatment, nnould not aespai but call on
Dr. DeCarl, and subjected to a course ol
hts fnmlataitng Vaoor Baths, in c njonctlon
with internal treatment by extracts of Trop
ical Barks, Roots and Lves, whloh grow
within 2i degrees of the equator, and nearly
under h vertical -on.
To tbve Laallestw The varlou complicated
anu ui-treastng diseases incident to females,
treated with eminent success. Hunase4ur-p-esslons,
irregularities, Whites Falling of
the Womb, Tumors, all Drinarr Diseases,
N-rvoas Deblihy, Palnlnl or Difficult Men
struation, Barrenness, etc. etc., will be
speedily cured, without poisonous drag. In
urlous or unpalatable medicine o any kind
Hve no delicacy in calling, no diflerenee
what your troubles ma. be. Tbe afflicted
are cordially Invited to call and satisfy
themselves
KtHtkfiu: That Dr. DoCarl publishes no
certificates to aupe the unwary, nor makes
raise te reeentail ns lo kjuil the unfortunate,
but that all he says will be faithfully car
ried out,
sr Ml letters answered promptly and
medicines carefully packed and sealed, free
from observation, forwarded by express to
every part of the oivDlaed world.
sssr 0m.ee isoi eaisa street, up stairs, Mem-
Shta, tenn. Poatofflce box list, Ufflea hours
on 74 Sana, to 9 p lat. nol
i m f.
BV.IU aaaWSf
sequ.
LOOK TO YOUR CHILDREN.
THE GREAT 30uThIN6 REeEOY,
Cures C3ollo and Griping
Prtoe
Omit
taies the process ol Teeth
ing.
t nmi-s t tnvnlPiOTiB and
overcomes nil '.lseases (u
cldent to Infanta and call
dren.
ares Diarrhea, Dyaen
terv and stunu.er Com
plaint in ohlidren of all
ages.
tireat Infant's and Children's
Soothing Kemedy for ail disorders brought
on nv rfeAthlnaE or an ther caose.
Peparod ny (ke tiHA'-TO MEDICINE
-t. LouU. MO.
-old by drngk.1411 ro neii-r lnmeotcme
bTWw)
Xyntp.
Mrs.
Mr.
Vsssaaal
It is the
uenU
Chasicary Safe of Real Estatt
No 689, y B First Chancery Court of Sbeit y
ouuty. jorannam ..erriu vs. t. a. ueiwr:
eta!.
y vrtue of an interlocut'try decree i
i.J haiien ered In tbe a ove '.au-e. Decemi ti
19.1 -0, and -.tu wrd July 10 171.1 will se'i
at u it auction, to the highest bid' er, u
fTunl o the 1. ik and Master's dice, Gieen
law oloi-k. Second "treet. below Union, in Ui
otyof Memphis, Tenn., on
Tuesday December 5 87l.
within legal uonr. all the right, title am
Interest o, C H. Hevstsan in and to the ioi
lowing described pioperty. u wit: Acertaii
lot or parcel of ground, btlug and lying in
tbatnartof the c:iv ol deiuiiuts known a-
Houtb Men. p Is, and bounded as follows
Heinning ml me sumeasi crut-r oi a tot
formtjrlv owned ny Van Pelt, ou Caust;-
street. In said city and tuti.ee ouihwardj;
with the eitet i nu oi v;ause ntreei, w ieei, u
a stake; thence easlwsrdly and prallel wilt
V an Peit's une it, to a stake 00 lee
from Hnrnaudo atret theuo northward y
Maralli witn i t-( do street 4 j eel, to Vai.
Peit's soutueasl comer; tueuce with V-i
Pel1 's line wstwrd!y to tut oeginnlug: M
blm,a pattoi ot No. n. In nloek 3 at dee
lKuated in tbe ptsu ui Sou h Memphi
wulcn was ttougui by a i n.m Merrill o
Wltlism l Van ,h- per ed of id Vam
toi-aiu Merrill, uted N ve-uber M. ui u
reelstertrd lu the eelster's office o; Huelny
oouuiv, Tenueseee, book itU. part i, pages It.
i d is ou ne am o auguei, w.
Terms of sale casi.
KOMUN A. t OLaB, Clerk and Master.
Wlleon a riearu, ;urneys. nootds
Currs all diseases caused
i y rt- ;-..i;i--, H ifperma
torrwo, Serrunal Weak-
aswl of Memory j (j reversal
f,tsaiivdf Faint in tne
I Backy Drrru cf$ qf Pon,
cmaiure (Hd Jm. ntalt
,rrctg. Inflict It lintathinn.
4 Paid Countenance Mm$m
ii'. Consumtfioi. and ail
i can' s that follow as a
ithtul ii discr tions.
Tliid mfiiidneliaabccriup' d in onr ,rTac-
tice for manv year, and with thousands
treated, it has not failed in a tunfrle instance.
gtaT Kach package of VegHatJs (Aire la
wrs pad in ultram.. rire blue paper, printed in
goi i ktterB,scdrontai28 one oc tt n:!fd with
Bnar-coatrd Pills, and oi vif I f Sldirated
Powders, anaicient to m-.ke ontoaii pihi ol
iiection; and one Svni-Ke.
ar ia?e $5. rter package, Md rrr Drtiggiita,
,-r 9' rt bv mall "h reoeipa c f S5.'U
BBI
The oreat Indian Diuretic
mres alt diseases of the Urin
ary Orrf b jl aada! at Jnconti
neneeof Vrinet Ji';ljT,iniatwm
j etaQ Tidtr. Ji'wmmation
f th atswaaasj, osssal tn th$
r! JdtitT, Stricture. Qravil,
Q o n o r r A oe a Gleet, ana is
tmevrnM recommended jbr
jPTi r Zus or Whites.)
Z3 rlao. package Oi
Vegetable Bcnxedy 1
(threh
TJAYS
and
cieut to inca-e one Pi
din gold let
st i.u ttls
atedPiha,
.vu-.ru, sunV
action andona
aaT Price J5, pr package, eUa by sfl
Dru0eisi.s, or font Ly Ciiull'or
The "VattJettrre" and "Tet?e.aait
E9JBtt!y n ne m id by rctrj orsiblo Drugguta
everywhero some dealt is, bowever try to
sell cheap and wt.xiLio:sJon)pouiius iu yitem
of those, in order to tnitke BKre money. B
not doceived, a-k f t thwv,e $6, prt-paiTi tions
and tntse no otberu if the dealers do not
kt-n 'bem, encViSo tlie mo: ey in a letUr and
eje wilihcnd then ty r turn mail.
Ladies or Gent K-menwr. ting for treatment,
WJLi fettte Ifcafif e i tj U tuh in l ul: tfat-y i tea
n t bositato on s, :ount of their inability to
us, as we hsvo treated patients euccess
futo la all jWlsMi of the continent by
corrt'-pori 'enire.
.5 We dealrt t s d nur thirtv-two page
i and ussc at
;BTa0d?w,ot'Very reiuitr 1 this paper. Send
tiress frith Ftfimp to pay return postage,
.ad at'.drt-si ae foaiows
t. Locri UrcKiu, iaociavneK.
tllsSOi TH -1XTS ITBSaX
Sheriff's ate of Heal Estate
BY virtue of a venditioni exponas,
tomediiroed jiom th econu Circuit
Court ot Sueiby county, 1 will, ou
Wecn&sday Oeceiaiitfr i3, 187lf
sell to tbe high t bidder, for cash. In front
of the -hsria'a fflce. on second" .ei, Ureen-
ikw oi i.uiLi ine i ijww-
.all a-tLta. VIS!
Aonrialn loi o. sr f ground, situatbo
on the i ...-m. t (.orber of Commerce sir si
and Center Alley, ir ntlng upon said com-
i tt Birr., ;,nireu c iu nauu
bel g rouudod by h d Cmter alty on
ear Thanking i be public twV their veiw lib
eal patronage tendsred lhe old. 1 would ne
speak tor the new Urn a oo mi nuance o the
me. 1 snali make their office my beau
quarters, whlie in tne city, where! shan k
pleased to see my irlenca. A. J. BLACK
I LU OawSt,. aUU UJ UAUIaaCtg.3 B m "a laab
I sob, and btlng the .ue lot conveyed to
L? lex a id A u Ma.owue by lonu 1. sf
Taran. nv dead kara re omeu L th office
of the iivaeisier i fttelb. ooontv. In record
uook .so. .a;, pee Si', iovemtter .Set, aid
propoi tj is ievird ou s telouking to John
JnUB.nn aai.H I bus I -a 1 1. TttllU 1 1 lOU 1 SX-
po as in fav. r oi John nines.
isovemutirau, ipi.
UH J. WR1UHT, Sherlfl.
By D.T Ni os, d a.
P.J. Mn rnill, att'y for pl-dntlff. n23-Th
a P. DANDaBIloK, DeBoto coanty, Miss.
J, li. Mi'ii.M L;.t J.a. BiMb, BoilyapringB
Late with Galbreath, blew art A Oo.
C0T1UK FAL m,
Wholesale tarocur
OOSktSSIGN MtRCHARTS,
Ni. 15 Unicn Strwt. tee 3ttcr
at.'.Vt'blt. ISM
wPIOER tk RYAN,
GROCERS,
No. ao4 astsstaa sat.
NEW GOODS
FRESH ARRIVALS DAILY 1
as. Uslsix.a Bala, sra,
rttm Base. w beat Hour Unlius Fl.au-,
New Hf-aa M-aerei,
Hew Haoaa, I us, ua aa. lirlrd Beet,
atecam, iat. 'vau lAgusrs 4 oaTea,
l'ea. Iresa A la'. Isaaii.n IIKWata,
CBMtewlaae, x-o aaau ctKeeIau raate,
Ireeae aV Blaekwvil'. Pieauee,
CaaLoa Sjlstge..
ear Oar s'oca is one of Ui. beat, and pur
otaaseddlieM. Weaeliaa low as ine lowest.
L'eaie a ana oun.aniers are invited to look
itiroam our -uca. .yM taa m n.
YEATMAM 4 ANOEffeO".
GENERAL
Commission MerciiaBt
Ho. 7 MOWARt) ROW,
OFFER FOR SALE
ruovu.
PUI 4TUU,
oaioas,
BtlCaO
iessas.1.,
Aa-
CHKIiag,
Luis, Kaa.
ol Oaitea aaxi r.
4on-riaMneat !tonit.
No m, it D. in tbe Second Chanoery onrt
oi ebe. by ooabty Tei neaate UaHolo Hsuk
I Veuipula et aL tb. Ia B (subrrl and
otbe a.
till' cause it appearing Tom the petition
I of W. M ICaall ud tor writ ol error ooiain
nobia, etc tbai tbe deleudan a in salu peti
tlun, r taueu. P. FaraAji, r rauels V. For
nall.lr Kenwlok C nam pi ju and Isaac
Davis, Arm ul fumails, cuauipt J Oo., ar.
ui.u o,iuen.aoi tneritaie ol Tenneaaae.
It le in.. i .lore ordarau oy u. Clt rk and
Masi.r, ;bat aaid a t.uanls n aaid petl
tlou mssfl tbelr wp. aafalKK uerein. at tbe
Court bouae o. tn. Meeonu cbaucsry
lourt oi -btlby s'Uitl, Ui too Blt
ul Mampi la, iennusBca.. oa or beiore tne
IrtiMouut) in Janu.r, 171, and plead au
awerorun .or to a.1 oetltion.or ibe ..ine
wul be taken or wiDletaeu .s to tlitin sud
set (or beaiiug cspart; and tliat a oopy ol
tbia order be puoiisned ouoe a weak, lor :i ui
sncHsaiv, ...i .m tne M ampule A;pt..,.
This NoTtmw M, ST!
A Oopy- attest:
at 1. u BrnWAlvT. Clerk and Master.
By C. BkLOHaa, uepuiy C. aad at.
UanU a MoUootli, -o... ior comp'lts(naaa
chancery aase of Real tatata
OS
Monday, OecemDer II, 1871-
Nu. mar7u th9 Bacond Chanoery Court of
Mheioy oounty, 'ieunesaee. A. Badgtaky
V. Marv Maioueet al.
BY vi. j uk ol an order ol sal. Mule in tbls
eanae,I will aell at puoiio auc 00,101 hi
blgawt biddar, in (rout ol lb. offlo. o( Uie
"toond Cbauoury t'ouit In in. city of Mam
puia, Tanneaaea, on
M "day Deccfflbor il.b, 18 I,
Witbln legal boars, tbe following described
r. si talal, lu-wn: ltoaieu, iylngano oa ng
lu toe county ol riuelbj blale uiT.nnta.ee,
oe.iunli.gat a point ait fret sootb ol
iuiustrciloa of Front and Jaekeon slreeta,
weiupb a; ttieaoe sstWAmly one buudred
and loriy-elgui and oua-uall (lasJ teat tu an
alley; euce souibwardly ioii.v-Uvb (s.)
feet, more or lest tueuo. weatwardly one
bundrtaUind forty-eigiil aud one-bail
leet to Front Street, mere or leas, to place ot
hsalnnlng
'terms o sale On a credit of six, twelve,
elgbteen aad twenty-lour months, In ia.ua,
Inalalmente, purchaaar exauunng no.es, with
ap,.iov.d seourlly, bear log lu teres i irom
data; .len retaintrd loaecure oiouaae money,
gxiuity ul reuemptiuu barred.
AUia Novamber s, 1 71
as. U. LuBl JiW ABT, Clark and Maater.
Wasioou a Stahi.eoia lorcompi'u atiJSj
IttabiVeOt o 08.
HAVLNU suggested the Insolvency ol ttic
ealate of rrancla bvctuniau, deoeaseo
am oruerad to ml! all parties inter Half,
and 1 bereuy give noiloe to all perrarua uh
ing claims agali-et said .stale, to prflaaot 111.
same, property aaUieuUcaiau. on or oe on
tbe irrlriday oi May, 11, to in. clerk o Ur
Coumy Court o. cineloy county, or th. sau..
will o. ioravar barred.
JOtU. BttAMlHH.AjsA r,
Meaiphia, MovsraiMi la, ma sols aaoa
A 80PK FOR IfHE MILU0M.
MAHnilCri A Piiivatb ooosaauoB to
"snniaaTJii; :THI MABJukoortboseaboul
CillflF I to marry, on tbe phyalologl
rjuiuai eal mysierie. and revela
tinna of the sexual system, wltn the latest
ilaoovarlea in producing and prerr.ctlng off
spring preserving tbe c m plexlou, etc
Tbia is an lntereetlng work of two hundred
and twenty-four pagea, with numerous en
graving., and contains valuable information
or those who .re married or oou letup late
m mage; still it Is a nook that ought to b
under Took and key, and not laid aarelasaly
about the house,
bent in any one free oi postage) foi 50 oaata
Addrv Dr. Butu' ulapaneary No. 1 N
Blgbj t seel, St coals, Mo
a I IfealotAs jirasraas anal Omul
at, tare .pplylng.lo the notorious Quacks
who advriue In pubiio papers, or using any
'iraCK sjucKDiBB, peruse Ur. butts' work, no
natter what your rllsaa ia, or how d.pior.
biayour condition.
Lit. Hutu can oe consulted, personally or try
mall, on thertlsaases mentioned In Ola work
Office No. UN. Klghtb srraat bet Mara.t a
vt.in-'
Acm!ni8traors' and r.xecuioi t'Set
tlements. OFFICE 0 COnNlYOOCRT CLERK.)
MajsPBIB, November A ls71. f
pflit following settlements having been
1 filed in mv offlaa, win be presented to
the r-robste v oort of She by county or con
firmation al the December term, l7l, of aaid
oourt,
final sei Cement of Fm. Grant aa admin
istrator of tbe ealate ol Ueorge II Mlcule, da-
Final settlement of Valerias Hsr ford as ad
ministrator oi the eaiaie (i. U. Townsend,
deoeaaed.
Final settlement of James Carry. Jr., aa ex
ecutor of the will ot James t:arr--, deceased.
JAMim KKlCLy.cie k
By J. H. L'rjLi.xv. Deputy. no's?
FOR SALE.
PIiANTATION la Tunica comity. Miss., two
railes from Austin, tbe county seat, aad
one sulle from tbe proposeo rate oX ibe
JSempLU aud Vlcasbors; railroad; 1230 a. res
!n ibetrsei ti cleared. Improvements con
sist of frame a wailing, Ave rooms; ffatue
'tverseer hi. use, four rooms; fourteen o.bitu,
frtme stable room for thirty males; rame
glii-boaa, pui np laat ommer, o by 6e;
w slu sin, grl-t uidsaw-mlii 26 norse power
enlue. la oouiplete order. Has uevtr bad
waur lu It bat ouee tu iwent years, when It
bad aboot ju sorea i. uotr In tbe entlie
uaet, in lao-i Wlii laae tnirty-nve tboosanu
dollar (IwsVUUU) fifteen thousand dollars
(Si5,tbU) casu.balance in six annual pay ments,
wltb lattrest al ti per cent.
Aadrv s J. H. AJVDB&aO.
At either Austin, MlaSa, or Oermantown.
n3 Teuuessre.
FOR SALE.
A STOCK OF GROCERIES,
V ALP ED at about 16000, wall adapted to tb.
demands ot the iraue. fixtures, good
will, ale.
Mr. cbarlea Campbell, wbo haa been with
me for the paat three years, thoroughly aa
qaalnled with the bnalneaa, a goou judge 01
ootton and p polar with the people, d aire,
lo go Into partnership with the puicnasar.
The business is a paying one, bat ihe aeitle
meui of the estate ol tbe lata J. J. Poik re
quiring my entire attention, is my reason
for selling
aay For further particulars apply to DAT
it PKOUDK1T, asemphia, or to me. at tjomar
vllle. P. H.rJOWKJHJ.
noli BoBMrvllle. ieun
FORSALE.
AVALtJA-BCE TRACT OF LAND CON
lain lug are aerea 400 cleared, being all
fresh and rich. There are on this land, a
frame l ouse, with four rooms, and all neces
sary plantation buildings, with sgood sap
ply of line water and a superb range for
stock. This land ilea &H miles west oi Nos
tril's Station, on M. and t. H. tv, and tweuty
rom Memphis. Location healthy and fenc
ing good. Will be aold in a body, or a I viced
to suit purchasers. Terms easy 'or uurchaa
era. Andreas the undersigned, at Hernando,
y.sa 'no 1 -i sjj
.JUJbi
A FA i at of two hundred aad Ova acres
seven mile, from Memphis and half
mile south .1 Ooodlet's staUou, on tu. Mem
phis and charlaaton Railroad, comprising
1 acr.B cleared and and tony-five aerea o
a beautiful grova. The a.ie a oae of Uie
most beautiful In th. country, wltn oomlor
table dwellings, gin uouaa, alablea anu weil
of clear sweat water, Wook. provisions.
wagons, tools, etc., now oa the place, wl 1 be
aold if purchaser desires. For tanas apply
on the piaae to Dr.. S. Mans, ar ao. i.
nalam. ft at
Chancory Saie of Real Estate.
No IM. K rlrat CbAnaery Ooart of Bhelby
oonnty at J. Bradshaw vs. Lala Manaon
rjr.dshaw et aL
T virtue of an Interlocutory decree for
ly sale entered in the aoove c.rts. October US,
1871, 1 will sell at puoiio auctlou. lo the hlah
eel tildder. In iroul ol the cl.rfc and Maatar'a
i.fnce, ureenlsw block, rjaeond street, city of
jsempujs. leanesses, on
f-rioay flecboibar .5, Ifl7lf
witbln leg -i nonrs, tbe following described
property, silo ed in tdbeloy ooauty, a-i.it--see:
teuoa ibr- (ft, raise i lgi. (B), iT
eulh surveyor's DiStilcl: beguuing t oea
uaueb's LonLta t corner wi.n rvdoaA
poaiiter; tbence nortn f rty !4-i cualas i
sLskt r-e.eu i links we-i ui a DusLuaa
maialed "A. A. messc wesi nigbt tSicbains
Oi ty-six iiiisa its) ss te bicaur
polluters; tbence satb forty Usin to i
sUkine on lieu aneb's nortb line witQ sweet
gam pointers; tbence east eight obalnj
or iv-si' (is) link to tbe teginulng, ooniau.
Iuk thirty-joar and one tenth 1-10) eeres
uj survey, and Is lot no one (1, by dscree of
psrtitlon made in tbe Jounty (Joan of &helbv
oount, a.i us litscmuer term la7, in tbe
caseoi a. j. iSradsnaw vs. iaaitle C. Brad
abaw et ai.
Tasvau of Salb. One-third iHloaab: bai-
anretn equal paymtnts atfiaisd 13 months
irom uaie ot bate; urcuaser requirec io ex
eute notes wltb approved security lien ra
taintd etc,
iiDMUND A. OUiaaaC, Clerk and Master.
La. fi. McKa land. Attomty. aajj wtd
Probate Caurt Sale
No. SB, K. IX In the Probata Court of Shelby
oounty. Tennessee.- J jg. P Lowrsnee aad
1. B. Lowrance, admlniatratoraoi theaasaaa
of U Lowrsnea, flseeaasd. vs. U L. low-
DT virtus of an order of sal. in th. aoove
esaaas, I will sail at public auction, la
front of rue conrthoase door, ou Union street,
in th. dtv of Memphis. TariTtea.ee, ou
Saturday, December 18. 187i,
within legal boors, th. following described
real estate, to-wit: Lying np n what Is
known aa "Cow Imand,' aud ouudeo as fol
iows: naginning at th. northwest corner of
No. t; thence soma Jii poles to lis soethwent
corn.r; thence west uk poles to lues- uth
weat corner of the nennweat quarter ol aeo
tlon elevaau be,ng lot No. a ol Jobs C. lira
ham's plan ol subdivision of "Cow lalaavo,"
and containing as, at.--.
I suss or halb one-third cash; balance
In one and two year., purchaser executing
notes with approved security ior the unpaid
lnstailinania ul the purcbaae rn ney. A Ham
will also be retained ou the land.
JAM105 KJvluLY, era.
Uy J. H. cru.su. Deputy t .era.
-ranaon, Jatea A oaahi.u. aola. for cora
plalnut. ls
Cdarcdry Sale of Real Estate.
No. 2S2Q, N.Ha in the First ''ancery Uonn of
oheiby county Jennio ntcuardaon, suinl
nisiratrlz ot (1 tt. riion-roson, deoeaaed, vs.
Wli.lam Ulchardsou el al.
H virtue ol an interlocutory decree for
sale rendered In messbovecaase. March ju,
157 J, and renewed ueiober a. 'b7i i will sail at
pa bile auction, lo the Uineai bidder, la truBt
or tne Clerk and Maatar'a offlce. ttrtaiisw
r'.iooa atecoud sueet, la tbe city of Memphis,
lanndssee. in
tisuurday. Oecember 23, 1871.
Within leaaj hours, the foilowlna described
uruutrty. oltoatcu lu -luelby oouiy. Teu
uesse, and ou rrw-lisni's island, to-ail:
sn uinA.ut tht? i.cr- uwestoorne' of wiliiam
1'- r uLh' U v auXe irac:; tneuc north aCS
a est c sin u ue mtdoie oua e of the
Mi.-i-i r. er; inenoe ap li wltb its
uitsutdt 1 sj to Lwrrnoe's northwest cor
ner; thtuceaoutb 6i onalsia to ni. soutnwesi
corutr on rrsonK' uoroi line; thence west
0 oh. ins aud bat link io tbe 171 uu lug. Gon
ial lbg by estluiall u about 4cu acres
Xkkms or HaiaB On a creutt of alk, iwaive
anu eisvhieen months. In equal payments,
with interest from Usie; bona and good. aeon
rlty required; lien to oe retained to secure
same, a q oily tf redemption barred.
This Movtouaber i. 17 L
liUsiii.ND Aa OuidS, Olerk and Maater.
Vauce a Anderson, att'ys. a..- WU
Moo-Residemt Nottce.
No. 430, In tbe fcleooud Cbaocery Court of
Hbelby coanty, Tennessee. ico as Ktcher
varne vs. Tbe Nortb ameilcan Kirelnea
rai.ee Company oi New York et aL
iX appearing from bill which is sworn to in
this caose that the defenuant, Tbe
Nortb American Klre ins. Co. of N. Y., is
lastly indebted to tbe complainant in tbe
earn of about I 0 .uue ;or damacta snslalneJ
on his boiue by reason of Are, etc and t bat
it is a non-resiueni or ine etate ol Tennessee,
and Is removtug, or -oout to remove. Lhe
bonds on depi sit with the mate Comptroller
and other effects belonging to it; ana that
Tort eee causes an sttachment was sued oat
ot bis Court against tbe property of de
fendant, aud the same was issued, aud has
bean returned by tb Sheriff duly levied on
tne property ox aeienaani, ine nortn Ajneri
can Fire Ins. Co. oi New vork:
It is therefore ordered by tbe Clerk ud
Master, That said defendant make its ap
pearance herein, at tbe Court house of
ibe Second Chancery Court tn the vtv
of Memphis, Tenn., on or beiore tbe first
Monuay iu -January, unz, ana pieaa, an
Hwer nr demur to comDlainanls hill, or
the same will be taken for confessed as to
ld defendant and set tor hearing x parte.
anu inai a copy oi mi oraer oe puDusnea
once a week, lor lour successive weeks. In
tbe Memphis Appeal This Novembers. 1871.
A copy attest:
at. D. L. aXEWAKT, Clerk and Master
Bj U rJkhOHEB Uepnty C. and M.
Hnmes fc Postou "Mils for oomplX noilho
ishancary Sals sf Rsai Estate.
No. 1S7. N.K. rirftCbanceryCourt ofHheJby
coautv B. W. Wlll'amsot., sd en Inlet stor
of i. w.Cherry dfeO-fted vsHaille He berry
etai.
j Y virtue oi a deer? or saie entered In tbe
O abor stated c u on April o, i-fg. snd
renewed No vein her 13 171, 1 will sell at pub
lic u il on lo lb hi. Lest redder, in trout al
the clerk and ms ei offlee, jreeul w oioca
ctecona street, Memphis, i rnncssoe. on
Saturday, bee mbar i6. 187),
within iesal hours, Uie oil owing described
reai esiaie, iioaie- in rnioy county, Ten
neSe, to Wit:
Klrst a ifr ct or 27 50 ucrea, known as lot
no. 7 oi ine origin 1 tubiivlslou ol Joan
Pope's lax in, on ibe Halt igh road, as. andea ss
louoavs: Ueginulus a t rie on ibt H iisagh
road. chavlus and 0 lcks sjolh ol Ti lor's
utheast cornei fui .0 saaTSM tbchoa north
4" sv, east wltb ih center 01 sit road,
enainssjias. unki: ihonce north ia- sv, east
is chains and fli iioks u astsks in sa d rosd;
u.enoe nor. a. 4 cnalns and M unks to m kuEo
and i oat oak pointer; tbauce west -U cbains
ana sv una loasiase on in- easi -ine o
ssrid mo acrt-s; i; en -e soib 2i chain and
8U niiks to the seglnning. oonu.aing flAO-iOJ
;s.
toond A traei of land, beins H. u. s
Wuiianu' original nutry aw 441, made on tbe
Utb oi eieptember 1M9, la range 7. cat on a,
ot ui ti.u sui v r s utsiric on i e S Ul
ie oi Wolf iiver and ooauded as.o.iowt:
begiianii g at asvatke in Use ortneat oorner
y-u -rits fc. ttvinnardt's soreeutiy No.66;
I f ace eaeb cusuxs lo aiajt t n ttncu nouta
I cbains to a stake, C4teph-n Heifre's south
rt coiner; Ibence east JO chin to a I take
W I eon aavnderllu n j-. mw- st corner ol hi
111 acie enliy ihei oa aalb 1 chain to a
tfkf, the nortneest corner oi J ti u H aeui
ivO are eniiy, iNo. ju4o; t nonce west o chain
;u ah soaiheset ooruer o! at scree-try in
the nameof W. A. Uryaul: tbence nortr lo
cnialnaand Lo ilnka to ala iiryaut's northeast
corner menee wesi j cnains io a staxe, sal a
Bryant's nortnwee. corner; tbenoe north U
euains and 60 links to a stake. H. A. Davis,
n tneasi corner of his M acre onirv. no.
J004; thenee west t6 chains atid Jb Uuks to a
niaae; thenee nortn t0 ensins and links to
tb usai fining, eoisuning ioo acre
rhua j. UavOtx f land ooanaea as fo.iows:
BrginnlLgat the nortneaai corner oi lot No.
li in tne center oj the Memphis and uner-
vuie p ans roan; inence with ald road
north Mi-, ,ei tat cjmiu to the intersection
oi me West side oi a 40 loot street with said
plank ro.d; tbence suatfa 6, west with
sain 4e ool slreat 41 60-lU chain to iht luter
ecilon ui said 40 loot s reel with ano'ber 40
lo tstieet; insaoe nortb a&, west Wl a chains;
tbenoe norm 5, east 40 o7 .00 csuuns to tne
beginolui, oou Lain to aerea This trset baa
oeen bubdiviued uto J iota, containing, re
aped! vely, '-j. UO, anu UatOacies.
Terms of ssaa- On a Teoit I f -even and
ibliteen montos; notes. with seeartty, t.tken,
said a lien letainea thl payment ot tbe pur
oha e money, hqaity of rcauipiioa barred.
huaU.NU a. OttLis Cierk and Master.
Hum sat x roeTOJ., Atuines. Luiawed
NON-RESlOENT NOTIuE.
No. Ma. H. In the First Cbjinoery Court of
Shelby Coanty, Tenn Herman vloth etal
vs J. J. r i ah
IT appearing from Sber (TB retura in tbls
cause tbat the de endant, J. J. tJ'rarrail,
la not to be found tn ahe. by coanty.
It is thereiore ordereu ihei he make an
appearance nerein at the Court house in tbe
city of Memphis, Tenn,, on or before the orst
iionday in Jan a i y, 18711, and plesvd, answer
or dam or to complainants' oilglnal and
a mended ouls, or tne same will be taken for
co messed as to him and set for n earing ex-
Earte: and thai a copy of tbls order be pub
Shed once a week, for four saocesaivs weeks,
in the Memphis Appeal.
A copy at let u
KlMUND A. coiadfi. Clerk and Maater.
Oj H. J. BiaAhk. D. C and si.
westoott tktitahi.sols. ior oompl't,
nJta-Wed
Mcw-ReMdeat flot.ee.
No. 411V in tbe Second Chancery Court of
Shelby chanty, Tenn saee Wolcott. Hmith
a co. vs. tteo W. Baxter, Pltrre Van Ai
styue anu H. H. Wlnt e ah
IT appealing from ihe alii wblch Is sworn
to lo this caur ibai tb (.eXsndants tteo.
W. baxf(-r,and hlerre Van Aiatyse, arejuaily
laoebted to ibe oO'npialDant tn tbe anas of
2-4 lit and lutere t, due uy promissory nauss,
and tnt tte W. Baxter, Pierre vn tiny
and B. R. W ng are non-itsidents of the
S ate of Tennessee, and tbat f r these causes
an attachment was sued oat of this Court
agalost the property of tb ueX ?naant, tteo.
W. Baxter, and ue tatue w s iaed, and haa
bt-en return. d by the rtbtrin, nuly levied on
tbe propeity est said defendant, Baxter;
It is iber-foie ordered tbe Citrk and
Mast, r, 1 hat they, ssld uefendants, make
tnelr appearance herein, at the courthouse
of the oeoond Cua. oery Court, In tb cit t
Memphis, Tenn., on or be ore tne firm Mon
da in an uar 1572, and plead, answer o.
demur to complainants' bill, or the same will
ne taken lor confessed as to them aud s t ior
hearing ax parte; and ihai a copy of this or
der ba published once a week, for toar smc
aesslve week. In the Memphis Appu. This
November 2U, 187 1.
A sopy attest:
M. D. C STIC WART, Clerk and Master.
By C. Bki SiBB. Depot C. an- M.
Pierce A Llx, Sola, far oompl'ta. Boal ta
BANKRUPT SALE
ur
Machinery in Western Foundry
In tn. matter of W. A Bobtai on Oo BaaJc
rnpta In bankrupts) al Memptus, Taun.
T vir'ne ol an oraer of aels eatarsa. by
Ul. 0. a. Ltromt Uonrt for tb. Ulauiol ot
Waal Tennessee, I will aell, aa
Wednesday, December 6, 1871,
To tbe nla best bidder, for easb, at tbe WEaT
tBN rOUMDBi.Ob Snelby atreet, oppoalte
tne tiayoao noose, Mempbls, issc, at 1.
o'doc ol aaid day. all tbe xeacblneiy in sale
F ondry, conslsiln. ot Lain as, b.n.ius
io. is, r-atterns, Moulds, Iron Hale, offloe
r lxtoraa, and everytnlng appertaining to a
flrst.laaa f jandry,
A deposit ri quired at Um. ol tale. Tboas
wKning to examine tbe maeblner t oan do
so b oalMna on Major f aul, at tbe Formdry,
or at my omc, JSo. ti Union uraot.
no. O. W UUi jjRiSUS. Aaal nee.
Valuable trtitton Plantatlin
Far Sent far tbe Tear 1179, aw. Cattle
.am Jfnuee, te-, tor real a.
THE and-r signed, a. Keoelver of tbe Ar
kansas property in Uie oaae ot bam net
D. UaOoook t als against Thomas J. Brown
tt ala. In tbe iJlr.aU Uonrt ol Uie Unltea
States for tbe mldtue District of miaasan,
will, on
MONDAY, tb 4th day of DECEMBER, 1871,
Rent at pabllo outc. y, to tbe blgbe-t bidd.i,
fur tbe year io7i, on tbe premises, in Pniiiipa
count j. Arkansas, tbe plantation belt ngl g
to Mrs Mary A. Brown, being Uie samepiant
atl n gl vn to ber by ber latuer, Ueneral uiu.
J.Pli.ow.
tne note of Uie rentes, wl b good pei aonai
seour) y, wlii be rei aired, payable on Uie Jatn
Ireoemoer, ms.
Al-o, at tbe same tlm. i nd place, 1 will sell
to tb. nls beet bidder, fur eaab, all ot Uie
oattle, muiea, horses, bogs ana other personal
property, belonging io said receivership
nil B. K. CAMfrUCLL, Beeefver.
NOTtCC.
ta tava oily tor ta.
at Taaea.
OKKJCB OF CITY TAX COLLECTOR, I
ataatrnxa, Octooer la, 17 1
Tbe twelve montos allowed by law for tnt
redemptlou of property aold for ibe non pay
menl ol taxes lor Uie or ly second corporal,
year, 1W, will expire on Us.aU day ol So
vember, 187 L
AfterUie 1st day ol December. Wl. deeds
will be taken by tne city and recorded in th.
office of tbe Register ol nneiLv ooanty, 'Or
ail Ui. property struck on to tn. oily at tbe
sale In November, U7u and not redeemed al
thai date.
By direction ol the Mayor, tbe owners or
property, sold In lorwer year, and not re
deemed, may leaeem the sam. ay or osiort
to. ist cay or December, Ifilj artar tbat UU
deada taaan by the city lor ail property solo
In former years and not rr laemeu will aiao
ba recorded, ana action will lie im mediate. v
brought to recover possasalo- oi all Iba
proparty for which deed, have Mesa taken
o. 10 t I iscj.nr
RECEIVER'S SALE OF LAND.
,jY AUTHORITY OF THE CHAIN Ettr
O Conrt ol Memphis, Tennessee, 1 wu. aeia.
0a Ibaracay, Deoeauwr 1871,
commencing at tan o'dack a-m., ut tne Hea;
estate Bakcnang1' 01 rMysoer, lreievsui x to..
uuTLneast corner of ellerson ana -daio
KLrnaaLB. MfllUDllU. BSSSSSl aBSSSal aVCre tl laUO.
lyiuk lu Uie counties oi Foi n sell, cralauead.
ttaiuaoipn, uireen anu jnouxoe, tu ue tasae on
I rSimtwi etome por.lon oi tula .atju is saiu
to oe ol superior ieruui, anu ijiua oonu
gtuoos to projected Hues o( ralltoau in su.
--tatt Ta.ua.liie ioi oo Ui .is LixuOei an ao..
i am autnuruveu uy mv aecrtw said coori
io BaOCrpi m payuienii ior ssuu uuiu aiij,
valid ueo.s aaainat tne Uaoa partus xnati
tatton ana seud lands will acco uiiit,i u
tiaereo;ior ssue HUner ot ceeu or ioi- sucu
deots as bare taan died or allowed by ui
ooart, or valla demands aaainsL aaid insiitu
Lion, daie will be com trued trom ay to ua
tui all is sold.
no7tus S. MfJHBY, KaoeiTer
Naa-riesifldm NottiM,
Mo. 434 fL D in tdet-tecond Cnaneerj Court ol
i xj a-sOn-bonneu.
nsiby County, I enn essee. ar u ou
neii ve. ea u Vsassssssj icnaei u
Med t row and lclie. C.-ow t-t ai.
IT appeailui. from LUe Ui.1 wnlt,n Is swern
X tu In tnls aue lu. me aetet.uai.ts, M.cu-
ssi Vwouaeii, .led Uu uU Mtcnaei Urow
are non-resident oi toe state ot leuueesee
It Ik tnereiore jraeiu, bj tne Clerk
anu Master, inat tuy -asku tneir sjrpsar
anoe atarein, at tbe court-boose us to
.-ieooud C ban oery our: oi Ubeiby coanty,
tn tne city o stsmpbia, IV a ues, on
or beiore tbe first Mouday In Januaiy, LtK2
and plead, answer ur demur to complain
ants bliss or ine same wiii ue taken Ior con
feased as to luein anu set for bearing ea parte
and tbat a oopy ol tnia order be puuiisnev
one a weak lor roar auct-teeive weeks it
.us Mempbis Arpeeu. llus eveutoer .O, l71
oopy attest;
as. I), b aTkaWAKr, cssrk ud Master.
irj C. BaUrCHkM, Uepaiy C.and M.
U timer, a r siuu. oia. ror comp'lt. no21 to
utiancery Sale of Heal E.tata
H. I,. First C ban oery Court of Sbeiby
county slate Tempie, vs JLate Temple,
Latie Tempie, et al.
bX virtae ol an lutoi loculary decree for
entered in tbe above cause M-rcb
i.7. 1:71, and renewed MovemDer attn, i7i, 1
w u sail at rnblio anctlun, to tne aikueet
ui'idsr, in front oi tne cieik ana master's
oa& je. Ureenlsw Biek, -ecouu street, in tne
city of Memphis, Tan ness, on
Wodnesiay OecttnOer 27lB, 1871,
witbln legal boors, tbe following described
property lo-wlu A osi tsln let ol tnree aerea
of ground, aitaeleand lying on Mosely ava
nae, betwetn tne oid and new oalelgb xoaus,
sat lortb by meteeand bounds as loilows, to
wn: Beginning 8linkseat ol elm marked
'as weei aide oi aveuae SO feet wide, ieit
for beneOt of tuis propeity; tueuce tomb
1 east, lcT aet,t astskt- la said avenue;
ibeuee i ouu -tr west, isr fret, io a atuks:
tbence nortb l west, W)a f eei, to a Lsi. i
links west ul bu.ck uma. soaia w et corner u.
lut Mo. 4 of suudiviAioa .or Wbitcsldes;
tuenoe nortb ev east, wltn soatb line ot sal a
iot Mo. 4. sisf feet, to oakinnina: belna same
oo Vfjed oy Miles M and Mary JC. lamp e to
uaLnarine tu. lempie, uy ueeu reciuou iu
oook lb. pases 1.7, lis and Its', on 18m oi au
kost, lfefe
ierLL.s of sale One thousand dollars eaab
rtqa rtd o be paid; bslaajuce on a credit oi
on and two i er. no.tn. witu aoorovsd se
curity, itqoiitd; ACin to be retalnea uil tbe
parcbsse money is paid.
Ki'kUM) A. OULtf, Clerk and Master.
1. at. -oaie, H. T. Hale, Att ys. uo6
Atioistrairix Nutics
A IiL persons indebted to tbe lata Henry V.
J Teague are beieby noufleo to come ior
ward and settle; tbose bavlng tt t swaiiast
said estate will plaaae present tbana. Mo-
vesnoer Uaissa, aaaia. a,
Bolawed asniti
PETITION FOR JMUOHPUMTlOfl.
No 687. K. D. In tbe Second Chancery Court
o.hbelby ooanty. Tenotssee
Caarles iney, Jacob Croia, (ieorge Tousa,
Henry He esse! bewls K-i.ey, ft-ter Uegr,
Wllllauiolatea, Henry Winuier. if auk Ha
ar, Leopoid Scnliilug, isaac Kuita, Hamuel
Fnita, Michael ll'aueimet libora Kipbiug
stone, Josepu Windier, Micuula Kerr, Jacoo
ricnliilug, Antbouy worner.
ALL. peraous are bereuy notified to appear
beiore tne aecndCajai,oery COa.r- oi ttiaca
by ooanty Tea, jcasre. on oi beaore ue Orst
Mouusy in Jstnuary, 17. and suuw cause, li
any ibey bave or know of, winy letters of in
corporation anould uot issue to the petition
ers ueiein, oy tbnameol i'Hr. oUioh cHo'
I MICM OlUMt AM1 MJfiL,TlMU Atl SJClA
iloM,' witn tbe powers and privileges of a
corporate body, to wit Of sacosaai u to con
tract and be contracted wltb, to ooy and sell
real and personal estate tor tbe legitltnate
purposes ol tte asaouiation to aoe aud be
tueu In tbeii corporate name, a- d to codec,
deots, to have a capital stovk axed, tbe min
imum at IUU0 and -be maximum at SlujXt.
with authority to organise and cjtertilae tbe i
p. tviiegee as a cnartieu inatnation on
minimum sam of 91UU), witn liberty to m
cresae .t to tne lasnnntm in tbe oiacieitou
of a majority of tbe stookboluers o Ox tbe
aiisrw.ttssata; to have power to boy and
sell a.i kinds of I read meal, either ailve or
prepared lor market, and aiao to buy and sell
aides, tsliow, aftai, etc, and to manaiactare
them into each articles of oae as they uisv
sea fit, and may vnu tbe same,; aud to oe
author! sea to bay in tne city and countrj
rjueb resu estate a may be aeoessary tor tne
legiumste purposes oi ine corporation, w
wlt: to boy, care for ana --L neeb sneats, or
meats prepared for tue market in auy way
to maat-aiactura or in any way prepare io.
msrkavl Mdea. tallow and oltsJ. and sell tbe
same; and to erect snob baiiutng ts may be
risnssssrj for tbe purpoeee aioresaid. on
ground in tbe city and country, eitcer held
oy voaaa aoaoiaieiy m xee or uy raw
it la ordered bv tbe Clerk and Mae er that a
eonv oi labia order oa published in tbe Mem
phis Appeal lor thirty days.
xnda,noveiAaiweri.iAMA.
A copy, attest M. u. 1. OTEWAHT,
Clark and Maater.
By C. BaU-CBstm, Deputy clerk and Master.
iaasaea a Poston, solicitors for r-eUUonera.
IMaOtVEsT Ml WE.
HAVIKH aakgeated tne inaolvancy of the
satate ol Jauiee T. rwfiuss, d.ei.aa.u. uo
Ue. la h.reiy given to .11 pa. sooa having
alarms Mgainai aalo eal ale lo appear beiore the
Clerk of the uuuMy tuur of eheloy caaniy.
i en i as ee, and are ui- same, aathentloaieo
in m. manner pr.-crlued ny law, on or oe
for. the third day oi a. JJCi; and any
olalms not fllad on or oeiore aaid day He
for an aprowrlauun o. aads oi said ae
tata le made, win ue I .ev.r uarrau, iiotx In
law and aaulty. Ihi. No.ejnrav jaisji.
v i rswi ,ev i..a..w.i
xaf
OA. O. S JOHNSON'S
MEDICAL DISPENSARY
etwees Washington aaat
mafllH, TataTH.
t. iihiij lai.miBii w irre ira
mil iui. an" c naia,
Who are afflicted with aay fo.m of
VwMTwtl w Secret DUwasr,
such aa rtvphUUa. Oonorr nea, llsss.nilll.aia,
and all urinary i'lsesasa; Hypbllltle or Mer
curial .flee Tions ot the throat, tkin or Donas,
orchitis, hernia or raptors also .ne i? fleet,
or as iltary habit, ruinous to th. body and
.ulnd, prudaetng blotch aa on the faoa. debili
ty, impotaney, tlislnrae, dimness ol 5 tht.
oonrosion of ideas, evil lorebodlng, averaioa
o society, oas or memory weakness etc,
not all oi these ia any one eea, bat all occur
rtmj traoaantly In v art one casta Hheuma--iau.
ana rheumatic pains -orau by new
n,tn''-.
ParuoaiarattanUoa paid to tbe uiafiASBa
Of WUMsVH.aach as Exc. si.t, soppraased
ir painmi Menatraatlon, L,ccnorrnoea or
Whiles, tailiac of th. womb, and ail irregu
larities ot tb. monthly perloida. .sua.n. ster
ility oi liaiiennasa. and ortan-tlmaa assv
somptlon The ooetor can be cons ailed penonally or
by letter upon all diseases not requiring nt
attention oataile ol his otaca, onto. hoar.
Tom am. to v o'eiock p.m
ncas n inttNisiN u n.
TRUSTEE S SALE,
BT virtue of tne aatnortty In aa vested by
decree of tbe First C ban eery Court 01
it-toy oou my, lean., rendered n tne cause
of W i. Harden vs tk. t. rirowu ana otners.
.No. 10, N K. 11.. such deeree saoetiiutlug me
e trusi.ee in room and stad of Wm K s
ton, deceased trustee, iu deed ot uusteie
cuted by James Young nd wi:e. on tbe lath
aay ol anuary, liStl, to said rjtou. upon
tbe lands bereinalter described, and jj vir
tue of tbe aulnorliy so vested in me a aiore
said, I wlii. on
Istsniay, ttoceabsr 2, 1871,
witbln legal boars, in iroatof tbe esberlfl 's
ofBoe. in tne city of Memphis, Tenn., on tbe
we-1 sids of seond street, oetwsea Union
aud tiayoso street, and in iroaU ol ibesoctb
portion of the Ureenlsw Opera House, pro
ceed lo eetl, for cash, to tbe bigbesi aud ueet
bioCer, tbe following real estate, or so much
thereof sa mar ba necessary to satis iy in
aunouiit secuied by tbe ixusu The property
lies in Bneioy ooanty, Tenn and is tbua de
ecrlbeui ihe front aract. contaiuiiag v su-.
acres, and being tne same tnat wa conveyed
to tbe said Juisa Young by w eeie Uiake
more. by deed dated 2L.U1 Peoruary, L-fls, reg
istered in tb rtwgiwr's onlce oi ane oy
oou-Jt in oook Ii, JB7-S, ana deee ibea as
fallows beginumg at a sweat guiu iV cnalns
and it auks couth ul Urausbsw'ssoatb line oj
a Mi acre tract and on tbe due between said
J. Youug anu J. awakemore; tnea-ce weat,
i ..g cane creak. 4 ensa s; tnauce soatb
i chains and 6u links to sweet gam I bt nea
aaatl-hainatna IA ggjgSSaaaj 'a SoUlUWcSt
corner; tbence nortb H cbains axd 6u links
wltb A. U. Blakemoie s west une to .ne oe
ginuli g. Alio ao much of tbe foiiowln de
scribed proparty aa bad not been eo.d or
mor gageu. to otners pi ror to January LB, 1 ol,
and remained tbe uroperty oi Jamea xoong
and bis wlta on tbat day. Tne aecriptioa. o
tne wnole tract ia sa follows, contain ng
bout ito acres, and being a part of a traet
origlnavljy in the name ot James aeaweli;
beg nmng at tne norm west cor .er oi said
onglnai tiact al astaae north JH dsgi see, eaaa
43 Quks from a while oak marked w. C;
tbenoe cast passing an elm at -o cnains and 4
tlnsa, tbe soatuasat corner oi J Haausey s
douu a.re graut, in auiJU cbauna, to a stake o'
sweat and black gam and black oak point
ra; tbenoe rouin. cross ine aus crsssk at i
cbains and 22 links, in all 19 sssssssl aud bt
luka, to a sweet Kum; tbence west 4 chains
.o a n take; tnsnoe soutn. crusaung saiu cieek
at i chains, in aul M cnains anu Sst nn ss, to a
.wee. Kom; tnence east 4 nnai ns to slstke
and dogwood; i nce soutn 0 cnains eon io
iinaa to a stake and b ack gam axku u.
tbenoe weal Ai cnains to ouaae; hei.ee nortn
49 f tnainf ..nu 78 links to tbe begin m. g, to
wo ten deed of tiuat an l tb Cuanoery .art
reooid reierenoe is here made ior greater cer
tainly, lilies believed tobegood, uut 1 wul
sell and oenvey only aa trustee. aqauly of
reaeeaption barred.
MAHCUa J. WEIUMT,
tthetlfl of rlbeiby county and l r as tee.
He aoe A iveToa, Attorneys.
BSSW
NOTICE.
We dasirs to airast public aiten
tiun is me a nextte aavrruettaeet
of Sr. tlonegan, oaiy aooiog taat wo
regard the proper v aa being ot a
vaiue tbat aaaaat weil be overeati-
BBSS.
RllY iTER, TREZEVANT fc GO.
Valuable Cotton Plantation.
I orrBK tor sale, near Mound City, in Cxlt
JL tasideu coanty, flrsanses. a tract of lane
c miaining ueaiiy ltoj acres of ricn, ail aria,
land, 'r- m ttw loftUO acres in colli vation and
above any overflow, besides over JOU acres oi
deadening. This vaanabie tract .urnishee mo
acre or more gs Uliaola band, ail of wniob
coald be pat in ouiti vation at a moderate out
lay of capital, making over a tnousaud avers
larm, oi uu equaled valaa in ibis vicinity.
ibis piautaiiou is dtstaaiaooat etgnt miles
trout, a em puis -ball by waW-r to Mooudcity,
tbe baiano by ridge road ana is known as
lbs "uonegan, or lilaud place, and wltn tne
exception of two huudreu yards of lancing, is
uj roonaed by Marion and leaver U ta
lake. wmcD fiord eellre pioieetlon to tbe
farm irom stock oi every kind.
Tbere are no sand blows on tbe farm, the
eaa-llre cleared land eelng on tne rlcneel olack
alluvia tu, prodacing s maco cotton er corn
to ine acre a any lana in tbls latitude.
rhtse lands yielded isel year from one to
une and a quarter oales to tbe acre.
In ad ltlon to Ibis farm as a cotton planta
tion, tbere are now upon it oet-Wf-wn lib and
LjO uead of bauocks, iaueniug upon tue an
j.eaxsd portion oi tb place, ana tbe corn
uow growing upon it. Tbe paicaaer can
bay all tb males end other stock, Logeiner
with wagons and plantation utansiia, at val
oatlon. Tne owner is determined to sail, from tbe
fact tnat ine pi au tat ion requires more o bis
time than ba can spare to ltaeuocsea.ni man
He ueenuany extendeu description of tbe
piopeny annecessary, s tne vaioe of tbe
piautauon is too waii known to require it.
Parties desiring to examine or to purcnaae
tbe plantation can sppiy to Messrs. cloy star
1'iesevant a Co., ray ageuta, at Mempaiaor
to ms al nun lev ill s, Alabama-
J.I. JOMKUAJI.
If uot sold before tbe first Monday in ia
oember next, pnvaieiy, 1. will oe sold on
tnat day at pubiio sale, at the Ette ivx
uhange oi raOyeier. rreaevant A Co -so isu
Aaiu ttrset at U o'clock, where mpeoi tne
land can be seen and terras made known at
any tuna.
aoal J. 1. D.
HOUSE AND LOT
POli AliKI.
ol l. in a n la Bnalraeaa
rrwareriy.
1 DBHUAUT to a ascree ot tb. Chancer
court ol Tipton soua.y. Tenn.., reuoered
at the laat tc Lobar term. In tbe caose ol Pey
ton J. Smith and wli. and others, eompiais
ania, vs. Willie Whitlay and otners, ..lead
en la, on
WaOSMday, Nmesssr 28th, 87t
Ou tbe premises, In tbe city of Mem pa is, 1
will sell, to ibe hi go set Diaaei, tbe following
properly, Uwtt: A ieeaenoid eetai 1st a
oeruain toffu lot la tbe city of stamp is,
iennes ee, wbpab said teaeeboio estaie is to
.ermiueus on the l4vb day o Januaiy, UHo.
anu which aaid lot ol land is tbua bounueei
and deeor ibao
being a pert of Sxcnange Square in said
city, oeginuiiig at tges uurbnwest comer ol
i t Mo. a, .oraaeriy etaeo to ueraiuu iiuu in,
it being aorta 7s feel irom the eua'nwteti m
ter.cuou of fopiar and Front sir set., and
u ina eaat boundary una oi K. out sireei,
run ti ing ibeno nortn with tbe east iineoi
taid Kroat atreet, A feet ta tne soainwtsi
corner ol loi-No. a; tbenoe east auu prilt
it 1 h said roplr street, 117 leet lo tne wel
tine oi center .treei; cnnaaoutn nu persu
ii witn said Canter street, aa faet to usa
uortueasl oorner lot u. i; tnenc west and
pavraalei wltb ssvd Fopiar streei, 107 .set ui tnt
uegiouing; being tn same leased uy tneaor
purauon oi tne city ol aft em pais to W. A.
bickiord, by deed oi ieour.1 iu laenrtgl ler s
odloe ol ob. by ooanty, ior the term oi nine
ty u tne years irom in lain January, ls7.
Inis let na upon it au est silent
THBEE-STORV BRICK BUSINESS HOUSE
Uaa a good front, and Is a good investment.
r.Hea or r aha One-third ot lb. purcniaK
mone is to -e pd on th. let day ot Jan.
ar 97r-one-thlrd m twelve montha iherw
atter, with ten per oaat. Interest irom las
a ate tt lairs dae an til paid; and one third,
the est payment, lo tall do. twenty-loor
mouth, thereafter, with lea par ueut. lottr
aat .rom theoaw. It failedaa onaipaiu. otaa
alia samcienlly aood aecarittea win be ra-
u. r -i. ot the porenaaer.
l ut.e tu .nis prupcr y is regaraeu as uu
aoootedly good, toeush i sail only aa Clerk
and Maater.
WILXilAM aAMFUHI),
aii Clerk aud a a. ler ot saiu oart.
No. HI In tbe ileoond Chanoery Coart oi
ttue.bj ooanty, Tnnnaaasa nan 1. stall,
J. W. Harris, jr., and wile, asaxy vs
Virgil H. vsaddml and tn. aim wood cam-
aisry
il' appearing from the bill which la aworn to
lu tela cease that th. delanuanU, Viral, a.
eauuell and tbe aaaawoud cam. nr. are
lastiy l.t-.oleu to the eoatplBln.nl. In ta.
aam of u.vMI and lateraat. das oy eight
pr-.ml-s. ry uolae loor ior M.- JS enu loar
i r in.. liAl beerloM intertAt irom date.
April u, ibos, lor iW acres o: lanu. ana that
v lr.il a, Wadueu la non-reaident of tn.
ateot fee missel
It la urate, ore oraer ea oy tn. uui ana a as
ir. i hat ne mats nla appeiiun herein, at
toe coort-houa. ot th. aacond Chanoery
woon ol uelb ooanty, lb tn. city ol JBem
pnls, Tennessee- on ot heror. tb. ant jgoa-
day la Janaary, Uax, and plead, answer
uemur o cmspistnsnis uui. or uie
ie will Oe taken ior corn-seed sa ta blot
1 est lor usering experts, auu iuai a copy
ui aula order ue puoltanad anoe a wees, for
iuai saccaasiv. vast m in. a am puis ap.
rami, thla .aoTemnw Ai, jOL
A rue topy
at. ia L. rsTki vV AJET, clerk and a aster
Hairla.Vau.oe at AAdaraon, sola tor eaaa.
P aluaula. anil tn
urr.os MiasiS ir Krvaa aiAVAioa a, I
atempnlS. JMuvs-juoar as. awi. J
j B.iXJU rg.;riltiaill Will o. rs.ieu at
i nls uAee, lout oi oaa.. sires. M ampule,
rT. iin.e TwZj. uimenaion cypras. lasuaaar.
t,s Biudera. Poau. Usee-, ,r-uttes, eta. oy
j ,y set? S .Sa 2sr
te MP awl iee .a
or imivexy Ui twiiuieuta ouineO lately as
lei tne aooeptanoe 01 in oiu to be tl-
4lTO, aa ou r o;ere avreu mt, -cu, iu win
lav, e .terisliMd lot Us anole ot part aot iss
a MOtMM l-t fayment aui oa ausu in
OameC Ou aeaive Jf U. fJaWU sj-ev. U. -WtAA-
a rstn"""r a) per oank to aecor tne
com .euosu tbe oauatraA blue wui uer
oai d ud Waaaneaaaj. Desent er ein, at
tool rnds win aiao oa leoeuved fm ne
aaat en veieu un tbe oan. ol Ul Missis
alpp MTer. ai oonveaieaM iesriiiigaoj -ians.
ars. etweasl Csauro ai. U Mesa ui. me r tut
to act any and a ooa k re-erveu w -oa