LOCAL “MISCELLANY.
pw re
i
Cr ee ®t YeYyOTYITATINIYY CAVINGS BAN'IS,
REPL YAGI A
CHE BOWLING GREEN IN THE HANDS OF A VT
CTY ER—THE GUARDIAN IN TV E BANKRUPTCY
CO CRT—THE NATIONAL RELUMES PAYMENT.
Except among actual depositors, but little
eveitement was manifested fn the city yesterday fu con:
wequence of the suspension of the Guardian and Bowhng
Green Bavings Banks. At the Bowling Green Bank, No.
83 Broadway. of which Henry mith is President. a crowd
of poor people. principally depositors, assembled early in
tbe morning, but were refused admittance by the police
soon who guarded the doors. Several hours later the
crowd had almost entirely disappeared. The windows
were closely shaded from within, and ne one wis ade
mitted exeept those atta hed to the bank. None of the
officers could be geen, as they refused to come to the door.
Atl o'clock, the following notice Was conspicuously posicd
at the entrance:


go the Depositors of ihe Bowling Green Sxrings Bank: 1
Baye been appoint d by the Saprewme Court rady, Jus
tice) Recerver of this bang, to protect your intercats, I
will, of the earhest practi hte moment, Kive you a state
ment of ite condition, NIN yrFRD Fo Kary, Receiver.
A petition was filed on saturday afternoon against the
Guardian Saviogs Institution, fn the United States Dis
triet Court, to have it declared a bankrupt, The nets of
bankruptcy charged are that it frandulently stopped
payment of its debts, and that it cansed ite property to
be taken under legal process by the Receiver appointed
by the Sapreme Cowit. Anvinjunction preventing the
dwpositiou of the property of the bank has also been
sseucd. The petition is filed at the instance of Julius
Ascher, a depositor iu the bank, sud is made returuabl
next Saturday.
The National Ravinge Tustitution, at the corner of
Broadway and Houston-st., which suspended on Satur
day, resnmed payinent yesterday, and the Receiver ap
potuted was disc duarged by Judge Barnard. During th
morning a large number of depositors withdrew thei
deposits, bene pad without hesitagion.,
The Trirt NE inadvertently gave place vesterdpy to
an entuely anfounded rumor that the Manhattan fav
Ings Bank was im olved in financial embarrassments
Fhe Seni faa Jeone Je oldest and coundest insti
of
Ne R CHV, «ident, E. T. Brown, i
very dif rent nan from those who manage Kin
dW with whose names his Was aie tionall
and
aa
+E POARD OF APPORTIONMT®RT OUDLKS TIL
i=~ FE Ot BONDS FOR $2,100,000,
The Board of Apportionment met, yesterday.
ut 15.0, i the Mayor's oftice, Mayor Hall in the chair.
A rerotiion was adopted authorizing the issue of the
following bunds:
Wests licster County Tinprovement Bonds, $100,000
Croton Aquedinet Stk. voce 700.00
New County Court House Bonds. 830600
City Park Improvement Bonds. 500.0K
Controller Green reported that the appropriativi for
the Board of Coroners was exhansted, aud be €aw no
way by which the deficiency could be supplied. Mayor
Hall said a pew appropriation eould be made at a special
suecting of the Board, Mr. Walsh announced that last
April and June the Court Howe Conmeissioners had
wade i 1equisit on for $e, of which amount they
bad only received £200,000. Mayor Hall said they wonld
better wake out a new requisition and he would cal a
ppecia! meeting to consider the watter. Adjourned,
THE S1ohiNG TEND COMMISSIGNEKRS AND MR.
SANDS'S 875.000,
The Connui-sioners of the Sinking Fund
met yesterday wf 2 pong, the Mayor in the chair. Cone
troller Green, Chamberluin Bradioy, Recorder Hackett,
and Assist Alderman Lr<szhit were alto present.
Chambering, Bradley called the attention of the Bourd
to the oie cd payment of £0,000 to Tax Commissioner
ands for pegotinting a lean. Mr. Bradley said that Le,
ar Commissioner oi the Sinking Fund, duew of ng
suthority having been given to the Controller to agthor
Aze the te gotiation of sucha loan. He wished to lnow
whether theo re was auy record of such authorization ou
the minutes,
The Maver asked Mr Bradley what Le Xpew of the al
Jeged negotiation, Mr. Pradley replied that he Krew
Guly whi was in the newspapers, The Mager said if
BOWED T TCpOorts Wel going to be tnguntd into, In
would hike to be counted out, On motion, the Cou
troller was duected toreport respecting ths business ul
the next meeting.


An appheation from Messre, Hilton, Campbell, and
Bell, as counsel for MO Savers in referonee toa wots
grant, cotapensation for which was sought. was ref pid
10 Recorder Huckett, The Contiollar, mo reply to Me
Bradley, sud the report as to the valuation ol tho ot,
property would be brought up at the next meciing «1
on
onday. Adioarncd.
LECTURE BY SFNATOR SCHURZ AT NEW
LECTURE BY SENATOR SCHURZ AT NI WAKK,
Lenator Carl Sehimz of Missonn delivered an
eddies on Civil service Reforiu, @t Association Hall,
Newark, last evening. He was introduced by W. IH.
Francis. City Counsel, and spoke as follows:
Tt was sbortly after the close of the war that the atten
tion of Atrahaw Lincoln was called 10 the svar of
office sce kors hapgiug around Lis door. To serve tic
country usu public oificer is in itself an honorable thing.
In these davs it is not the honor, but the salary of the pe
aitton that is most sought after. Political changes trans.
form the sentiments of officers who depend on appoiut
ents, heeanse jt ic sad political zeal and serices ren
dered to tie party must be rewarded. A public office, in
the due viderstanding of the word, 18 an hepor and a
trust. Jlos very idea of rendering party gervee means
that an other as not appointed becanse he tea fi mon
and a responsible one for the place, bat because he ougat
toertoveort cn emoluments and use the imt'ae nee of the
Pplivce tor the farther advapecipent of his party,
Maomiwdr< of Congress in some respects wake the most
of the ap pomime nts, and of conrse they onght to know
best whe are their friends. Taklug eare ¢f political
friends means giving then ap oflice er a Government
contract This is a aorteage on a man’s foture political
influence Thue Congressmen iutroduces his friend to the
President as one honest aud capable, and the man is ap
pointed to office. The speaker, after introducing some
buworows ilustraticus of “pressure” 1 Washington,
enlarged ot <ome length npou the state of affairs iu the
Government Departipent, and expressed the opinion
that fay or tsi and poutical influence were «till the cause
of appoiutineat, aituouyh in several departineuts boards
of examination had been organized. The lecturer then
ablated Gpeno the New York Castom-House Rog, #aying
that &ucd wen as Tom Miaphy would be appointed by
few men a: cashier of their store, Even a virtgous ma
will not saceced in keeping the New-York Custom House
clear or rascals, The speaker then cited cases of selitng
the signatures of prominent Senators, and the regular
eystein of brokerage cried on om Washington. In the
speaker's opmuon, the trade in offices was por
preions to tue anterests of “the country, It was
the cause of all wn boars ail corruption. The
Awerican poeple may be able to stand the loss of money,
but they cabuot stand the fearful demworalization result
Song from thie political traffic, The open contest for great
Principles doegeucrates lato a concealed cautest forgnblie
money. ‘The epeaker was of the opinion that our jwesent
poiitical vy ste was one of such great teiaptatiop that
wen fel! who op private fe would not do a dishonest act.
Before the novynsi ion aud alter the election the condi
date for office das wlready made ro many ledges, ees
Kevatly the fu to different parties, that he goes nto
office already a @'shonored man. On the gravese!
FTORL ay Comg-cesmuen a fitting epitaph would he,
This Congressinan id frown Wo wuch Pog-Office.”
In indirect lapgaage the Senator criticised severely the
Jate Santo Domino scheme. “tis asghamefn) sight to 0
a Congressman a» a petitioner betove the President. ‘$e
Presidents powes of mah ng appostiments and reno.
fog officers {4 greater than tbat of wey monarch of Eu
rope. We Lear oftar of the oue-tenu systems. Why In
order to prevent bam from using his influence tor a re
election sud a rccond terw. If Jud W okie ru, ur
reputation as a citimen is at stake, not bis chances for a
redicotion.’
Th speaker was se vere npon subsidized nevepapers,
Partes are held togetder now-a days ody by the plun
der. Vide Tanmupany mo) New-York, and the cgpet-hag
govern wens of soe the Southern States. All pul ties,
Loweycr pure at the hegiuning, sre corrapt by Jucans
of the spoil systew. Te uly, Abraham Lusoln wes right
when i nid tiwre was eowething at work tn this Repul
lle far, nore dasgerous to its welfare than the late
Rebellie». The «speaker held that, in order to escape
moral ren, it was becessa’y to 1nstitute oficlal isquiry

into the gutecedents aud Fopaliliice of applicants for
oftlee Lo lhuft the Presidential office to vue tern; and
to elect President and Cgneressinen who were willing
Ao carry oi’ this plan in goal faith,
TUE FOURTEENTH ST. HOMICIDE~MANSLAUGH
TER UNDER PROVOCATION.

The invesigation into the circumstances
sonpeeted with the fatal assault on Charles G. Jackson
§.0y Bemuel Hisgpan, on Oet. 31, at No. 30 East Fourteenth:
JF, Was concluded yesterday. ‘Fuom the testimony of
Mrs. Lothaw, the Jaudlady, and others, it appears that
0 the 6vening 1h gaestion Jackson ad his fricuds, Ric l
ard Rogers of No. 3 Union-square, and Robert Sharpe of
No, 30 Great Jonee-st., with three diswolute women, cn
Sered the house and proceeded £0 bis room. He procured
JLoblete, anf they all Gack several thipee. Mrs. Latham
wae receivgug Vv! from Hinwau at the tie,
«ud was apgoyed by the noise. 8he asked Rogers to
‘hone The door, and he fold het mot to be afraid, Jack
on, pemarkisg sueering'y, that inman would protect
ier. Hinwan assented Ly this, an! Jackson begun to
Abuse him, upd $oally yo neyvapaper and threw
in bis face. AJphoug J ult svas not resented,
dackpon peri Minman's: hat, ernsbed it, and threw it
au bis fag. They then exchanged Mews, and after a
violent wiguggle were separated by Rogers. Mr.
Latham aug her vinidor bolted the ddors, and Jaks 1
reat open wy door lgdpog from bis ypom joto the si
Ihe rpbuy they weye. Mir Lalla asked Wj
fot to bring the woricp into the room, and was stil
4 en I tue tage. Ile Claflegod Hivman wo Beit, ond
ALY Tone wed the contest. Jackson having a cage, 10.
in fous the etove lifter, and struck Mm
soverd tien ou the Lead. They were finaLy
Paired, und  Minman weut at Mre. lat u's
Aoeagt Tie carousel a Jackson's room vay

TINUE ITE RA ATS FIN
CIVIL SERVICE PEFORM.
resumed by him and his friends, and continued until
midnieht, “Jackson eontinued ms debaneh for several
days after the mkht in question, and was finally taken
and removed to St on Hospital, where he died on
Niven ber 1s The fou rendered a verdiet that “the de
coeeod came 10 his death from fracture the skull, n
cled with a stove cover Ifter tn the amd f Samael
Pra, and we believe that vid thinman acted under
great provocation, and had no intent to take Hie.” Hine
man bas not yet been arrested, and in is not proboble
ot any attcwnt will be wade to prosceculye Loi.
a.
ao te nl ape =A
a——
CATT KENNEDY EXONERATED.
The charges against Capt. Thomas J. Ken
pedy of the S:xth Precinct, made by Owen O'Connell, jr.
of No. 14 Franklin-st., a challenger at the VIith Election
District of the Sixth Ward, were investigated yesterday
by the Board of Police Commissioners. The complainant
testified that he asked Capt. Kennedy to protect him as
a challenger: that he challenged un illegal voter, and
was gssatilted by him; that Capt. Kennedy directed that
both should be arrested, and that the complainant waa
locked up. Capt. Kennedy stated that one of the In
spectors at the poliing-place complained that O'Connell
was intinidating voters; that he told the chatlenger that
this would not be allowed, but that he should be pro
tected in his rights ag a challenger; that on leaving tho
polling-place tie gaw the complainant fighting with a
msn named Dunn: he separated them, and, as they
made counter charges of assault and battery, he, ns usual
in sich cases, gave both into custody, and they were
committed ry Justice Dowling, at the Tombs, Counscl
tor the complainant said that he was satisfied that Capt.
Kennedy wos not to blame in the matter, and that
cunirges would be preferred against Pat rolman MeGowan,
“who allowed Dunn to assgult bis client. The charges
oanst Cant. Kennedy were dismissed,
NATIONAL CONGREGATIONAL COUNCIL.
NATIONAL CONGREGATIONAL COUNCIL.
BE AA
THE OPENING EXERCISES—DETERMINING A NAME
—GREAT UNANIMITY AND WARMTH OF I'EEL
ING=LAYING CORNEK-SIONE OF THEOLOGI=
CAL SEM'NARY.
OperLN, O., Nov. 18.=The good people of
this quiet and pleasant village are baving their hospi
tuity quite fully tested in entertaining the meu
bers and visitors of the National Council of Congregas
tional Churches now in session. Everything Is doar to
Juake the stay of the strangers us fagroepble os possible,
and the delegates from the Bast pave occasion to Te o
tion gratefully the generosity of the officers of the P Srl
gvivanin Woilroad, in providing special train to tuke
won 50 of them from Wellsville to Cleveland—100 nijles—
that they might reach here in geason for the opening
gegkion of the Council. Delegates and visitors from the
far East, from the far South, and the Pacitle coast an
Yere, Docters of Divinity, Pre sidents and Professors of
Coileges and Theological Seminaries, Reverends, Senators,
Judges, and Honorubles make up au assembly of Loo
members with half as many more who are lookers on. li
is seldom one looks upon more cultivated talent, in au
cqual number, than is found in this gathering,

This is the fifth national gathering of the Elders and
Messengers’ of the Congregational Churches of the
United States, the first having been hiddd at Newtown,
pow Cambridge, Mass, in 1637; the second in the
game place in 1846, "47 aud "48, cenerally called the
Synod of 1648; the third was at Albany, N.Y, iu 1882,
and the fourth at Boston, in 1863 the custom prevailing
that there should not be a National Synod or Conven
tion, unless there was matter of coimpon conc m' to
assemble one, The present is called under the general
fnprecston thet a stated national gasboring is Loaded,
rowing mainly oni of these two facts, viz, the rapid
and wide extension of this branch of the Christian
f.onily over our couytry. rendering intercommunion by
churches or by State Conferences alone very diffleult;
and also. by the withdrawal of all bofiperaiiig denomi
nations from the great national benfvolent societies
through whieh the Coucregational Churches do their
missionary work, To act harmoniously and ficiently,
n= a denomination, in all the Lrtin nts of Christinn
Inhor, it is deemed, by many, that a good nnmber of
renresentatives from the loeal churchés should coms
tose hier onee in three or five vears, and talk over th
Fecige and general werk that seers to belong to these
churches to do,

This Council has opened very pleasantly, and with
office rs as already named me telegram, The Provisional
Committee, who were appointed to draft a con -ttution,
made ther report Jast Wednesday, In the ovonne the
Conrdcil met in the irse Churels to listen to a discourse
from the Rev. Teonard Bacon, 1. Dy, of New Haven,
Corn, Tae eighteen 10 pivetecn hundred persons weir
present. Tue text was Eph, Chap. 1, and a part of the
Oh und the 2kl verses, His subject was—1, Whitt 8 «a
churel doe What is the church The discourse was one
Bonr and cles en nuntites iu deavery, nud Was aitentively
Hstened to,

The Couneil assembled in the First Chureh. on the iath
inst, at 7 o'clock, pou, With oa great conziegaion
of visitors and frends Business Wis rested an toe
morning of tie 17th dust, at 9 am, preceded by an
halt hone devotional services, led by the Lev. Mr.
streets of your ty. The aitleient wriicles of the
proposed Constitution Were thoroughly considered,
and, after some amendments, were adopted with unex:
pected unanimity. ‘The question as toa name clicited
the warmest and deepest feeling. A stranger might
have, quite reasonably, thought that tbe sage Spenliers
supposed that the very existence of the churches de
pended on the “nape” this body should adopt. It be
cune as AMUSINE us it was amazing to observe the strong
expressions of interest many grave juen mia fe sted
upon this subject, Western members generally pre
terred Council; Eastern members generally preferred
“Conference; but many of the latter viclded the
preference to the stronger feeding of thea Westen
frends, The vote for “Council” Was so Nearly una)
0 mons that, by common consent, it was aoreed to make i
Coke. The Constitution was then adopted asa w hale wit)
entire unanimity, It is in subsiepce as doliows: 1 de
clare s belief in the Holy Seriptures as the only role o
faith and practice, agreement with other branches of the
great body of Chistian chur hes called Evaragelical, the
seif-government of the Jocal chimel, tho none 2 slative
and gudictal posstbilitics of the Counetl, 8 tucidod of
iy clecting Jdedegates, its officers, aud Tine of stated ect
1hER, LCE in three vears. The object of the Conall
stitesd in these words: “Lo express and Tosioy they (the
H Congregational Churches of the Tt ited States) sabe tan
1 tad aiaty in doctrine, pohly, and works; and to consail
upon the comtuon interests of all the chorches, thei
fetes a the Work of evangelization, ti united deve,
opiaent of their rosoaroes, and ther relations to all pats
Fol the kingdom of Christ”?
gee Rev. Wm. Ives Budiogton, DL D. of Hrook!vn, N.Y.
was chosen Moder tor; Gens OL O00 Howard of Masling
ton, D.C, and the ov, Geo, Ho Atkinson, DD, of Port
land, Oregon, Assistant Moderators, The Reve Alo ze
HL Quint, 1D. of New-Dodiord, Mass, wus ¢hogen seq
retary; the Reve Wm, H. Moore of Bolin, Cr, Register,
aud Chas. G. Hammond, cq. of Chicago, Hi, Frcasnier,
=o the oreanization was compicted, ne rhc close of the
third diy of the scesion, With apparent great satisfaction




Good feeling prevailed through all the vom and earnest
disenssions, and not an uukind or bitter word wus wl
tered. Its worth going o long way to hear cud pee so
neh that is exciting, and upon topics where strong ond
wise wen much differ, when all at Just come tozetoel in

such complete harmoay,
Iu the evening in the First Chinrel,erowded to the doors,
the Conne.l was adaressed, by the Rev, N, Go Clark, Duly
secretary of A,B. CFM, on the work of Foreign Mis
sions; the Rev. J. C. Roy, D. D., of Chicago, 111, read an
evcellent payer on Home Miskione; President W. T.,
Mercian read a retuarkibly suirag paper npon Chinn
Extension, urging more earnest and aggressive efforts to
evangelize the unevangelized everywhere. The Rev, M.
E. Strieby presented in a lacid aud forcible paper the


werk of the American Missionary Association at the
South, The Rey. H. Q. Butterfield, secretary of the
Western College Society, addressed the Council in a tell
ing and thrilling speect in behalf of hs speeial work.
Atier the regular devotional half honr this morning, the
reverend and venerable Prof, Finney addressed the Coun:
HE for 20 minutes on the great need of the ministry and
[how to obtain what is needed. The need is Power from
on igh, the baptism of the Holy Ghost; and it ig te be
obtained only wu answer to praver; and to pray success
fully the conditions npon which answers to prayer ae
tesurcd uiust be complied with, Then he offered prayer.
The address wus attentively and tearfully Listened to.
Ihe Reve Mr. Chamberlain of Clieago addressed the
Council in bell of his own church, every fami of
wiineh had lost ite residence or hel its Lisiness de
stroyed. His own beautiful place of worship Was in
ashes, He pleaded for £60,000 from the churches ty re
build his sanctuary, The sohject of the Congrezational
House at Boston” was presciied by the Rev. Lane PP
Langworthy, who was followed by Don Ezra Farns
worta iu au caroest appeal fer ‘one contribution fiom
each Congregational Church. Whereupon the follow
resolution was adopted: “That the Con Rin
House, as represciting one prineples and Sordi g
howe for our bencvolent societice and our iw Bi
library, should be taken hold of Ly «our churches and
be built as soon as possible.” The afte Fuoon session a
tu the First Church. crowded.  Reoclutions pay the
papers that have been rewd were presented hi
which refer to the supply of miniaters elicited very full
sLalements and earnest remarks from viany meuibers
A very deep interest was maintested on thus subject, ad
appeals were mado to winisters and parcuts, and to Lhe
yong men present who were entered upo/i i course of
education. ‘At 3) the regular services gare suspended te
engpe in the ceremony of laying the corurp stoue of
new Huflding for the Fueologt-ul Seminary. Proidens
Fairchild gave a urief history of the seminary, and of
their great need of the bulking to provide lec
re 3 A y lectures
ome 48 well as accommodstions for their students. The
Rev. Dr. Wolcott delivered an elognent address, und Gen
Howard, the Rev. Mr, Butterseld Prof. Monroe iu Dr,
Buodington made brief remarks of peculiar Interest,
It is seldom one sees 80 large sn nudienc Hout.
(4 nddience =o attenuve
aud so much moved. President Pairebild laid the st
and Prof. Morgau offcred the prayed. The Je wone
were in the ¢hurch. This evening there will be u praye
meeting for revivals of religion. prayer
A
3 Y AJ
SENATOR TRUMBULL'S VIEWS OF THE SHERI
BENATOR TRUMBULL'S VIEWS OF THE SHERI
DAN-PALMER IMBROGLIO.
From The Chicano Tvs) uns
FTN 1. Lclfo FY9onne.
Senator Trumbull, in a conversstion upon
the supplintiug of State anthority by the United Btutes
Jullituly, said It is yutortunate for Gov. Palmer that
be has been put in the Dusition at ui awkyard tie, of
uAserting the Btate gn ROHLY at Congo. The sy npa
thice of wankind were with the prompt nd able mann r
Ju whieh gen. Sherlden dealt with that conuflagratlos,
Grateful to him for his great services, public opin on
is, iu my jadgment, wscvere and unjust jo
fiov. Paliner, who wes asserting the (Chief
Mugistracy of the Blate in the case of a citizen shot
dewn by su velunteer organization ucting Lunde the
sugpices of the United Btates military communder, In
any other tuge, it wonld have been an infringement ujon
the Jurisdiction of IMinois for i National officey to ruse
troops Lucie. Palier Wd instantly sent Slate (roo) o
Chicago, and Sheridan not necdlog them sent them back,
Now, extreme cages make bad precedents, At Ju w, the
kithing of Gresveuor wer mor ler, The Mie of a citbigen of
Lhe Beate wos ikea an tine of peace by a soldicry active
independent of any kegivmete authority of she Kot
Bul, élthough Guy, Faker i» ws VL unpopular, h
setion Will inle the Goverment at Washington «iy a
ball iu the whole syetee of avadiug States and suspei’
'X Lhe lane.”

NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, lUKSDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1871
Astor House—Edwin Adams, the tragedian,
and ex-Postmartir-General A.W. Randall, (iilsey
Hovge—Inepector-General MeOnade of Gov, HoMnan's
wlafl, St, James Hotel--William Candy of The Al
bany gir and the Hon. W. H, Conover of New-Jersey.
po Hoffman louse Prof. W. KB. Matheson of Roches
ter University, Ja McLane of Baltimore, and William
Welsh of Philadelp®ia. St. Nicholas Hotel—James
P. Newcomb, Secretary of Btate of Texas, the Rev. Dr.
Miles of Boston, and h. E. Smith of Ohfo, New
York Hotel—W.W. Corcoran, the banker, of Washington;
Capt. Kennedy of the steamship City of Brassels, an
Gen. Howland of Fishkill, N. Y. Brevoort Hous—
Dr. Estes Howe of Cambridge, Mass, Sturtevant
House—Cel. O. A. Mack, U. 8, A, Coleman Howse—
Gen. W. B. Chapin of Rhode Island, Westminster
Hotel— The Hon. W. T. Horrobin of Vermont, s=== Fi/th
Avenue Hotel—Gen. G. W. Williamson, J. B. Dutcher of
Pawling, N. Y.; Robert H, Berdell of Goshen, and Wil
ham Mason of Taunton.
ono JR A JIS ah ded nd gt
Twenty-three additional cases of small-pox
have been reported to the Sanitary Bureau gluce Satur
day noon.
Judge A. J. Dittenhoefer has lately returned
from a thrice years’ abscnce in Europe, iu greatly ime
proved health.
Detective Robert P. Brown of the Suk-Tacns.
Ldtior ade vacant by the
ary in Wall-st, will fill the po ition made vacant b,
temporary abrence of Detective Sampson in Europe.
Charles Cheney of the law firm of Cheney
Dixon, who has been practicing in this city over 20 years,
died yesterday very suddenly, at bis residouce in Eliza
beth, N. J. ih
Gould's statue of fhe West Wind” will be
on exhibition to-day, to-TuOrrow, and Thursday, at the
residence of the Hon, Deas Barus, for the beuetit of
the Brooklyn Orphan Asylum.
Mr. Herring, the safe maker, has hung from
his windows, at No. 261 Broadway, the same American
and Russian flags that hc displayed from his windows
in the Hotel de Louvre iu Parisin 1807 when the Ere
seror of Russia passed with ihe Laperor Napoleon and
Popcces Exgess,
Albert San Saun—the notorious swindler who
fled tro his accustomed haunts fn Wall-st., a few months
gince, nfter defranding a number of persons out of nay
thou-ands of dollms—was u member of the New-Yor
Gold Exchange. That body will ofter his seat for sale ou
Nov. 27, nnd will probally divide the receipts therefrom
wong those whota he swindled,
Gen, William 8. Hillyer, one of Grant's
original staff officers, and an associate with the Presi
dent before the days of his greatness in St, Lonis, has a
Jad who at an early age is developing Into a journalist
on bis own account. He edits, fists, and cirenlates<a
little threc-colnon quarto wonthly which is called The
Cornucopia, and the clreulation possesses this ad
vantage, that his advertisements have forced Lia into
that horror of all newspapers—a supplement.
BROOKLYN.
The total reecipts of the Protestant Orphan
Asylum Fair were $28,381 03. Deaths last week, 206,
fuelnding 17 from swall-pox, and 39 from gearlet fever,
The Board of Assessors confirmed, yesterday,
the assessments for grading and paying Chaney st.,
from Fulton to Reid-ave., $11,015 21; Nostrand-ave., from
Myrtle to Flushing ave, $12,216 753 Park-ive., between
Gates and Towphins-aves., $10,500 775 Repairing ander
Witave.,, trom Atlantc-ave. to Prospect Pars, win
cubble-stone, $21,098 Yo.
LONG ISLAND.
Roc aw AY.=The old bar, which anterferad
co uel with bathing, is disappearine, and a new ol
i= forming a mile farther ent.
FLUSHING. —Efforts will be made at the next se-ion of
the Legislature to have an act passed anthorizing the
appointment by the Triasiees of the Village of a Police
Justice, who shall have exclusive control of the eriquina!
business of the ville, leaving civil eases to the present
Justices of the Peace, Lo At a neeging of the Board of
Education Isane Bloodgood was elected President, 13.
Parsons Treasurer, and L. 8, Hicks Secretary, It was de
cided that aid suspensions in the future shall ben ferred
to the Executive Comittee, and hit po expulsion irom
the sebools shall be alowed without he conc urience of
the full Board.



RTATEN ISLAND.
ToOTTENVILLE. Robert Wilson, Patrick O'Brien. nud
Thomas MeRee were comtniticd yesterday for stealing a
ere and Ympgy from PLB Fonutain of ¢lifton,
STAPLETON. —The Hooltand-Ladder brick bovee al
Toad Hill was burned last night, Loss 32,000 1p-vaod,
HUDSON RIVER COUNTIES,
Wess Farys—The town authosiites lave ex
pended $5 gl the lprovement of roads dm fog th
pet year, exclusive of the Jarge amon co a dor by
varioas bordevard coutiissioncis,
NEW-IERSEY,

Jerry Crry.—Detective Connolly searched
houso belonging to a notorious thief named Stout on
the Weavertown road, near Three Pigeons, yesterday,
and captured about un wagon load of stolen goods, in
cluding tine linens, fancy articles, clocks, and other ar
ticles.. A citizen was assanlted by hichway men in Jer
sev-ave, between Soath Fiith and South Sixtiestd, on
sunday night,
NV WALK. Moses Strauss, the keeper of a low gam
bling den in Canalet,, was arrested, yesterday, with 1s
nonates, Joseph Ward, David Gordan, avd Donel
Donahue were arpested, last evenlug, for breaking into
John Scanlon's shoe store, in Academy st. frank Oxjo
war arrested, ast evening. for stealing $900 worth of gold
trom Messrs, Kreeuens Co, jewelers, at Noo 14 Ohe
ver-st.... The will of Jacob Webgel, 1opresenting §o oo,
was audited to probate, co tonday Preaths list vel,

1
Pax mending 2 from small pox Fo the supreme Cont,
fyesterday, Jud oe Depue appoint Jd the following Coin
isso a Lo appraise the lands of Lhzaboth Gries
takcn by the Monica’ Radboud Company 0 John Boyd,
Jr. Hiram W. bavis, and Collecior Ogden: tn the caso ot
Win. BB. Marsh, cial, whose laid as then by the 'eith
Amboy ad Ehbzaberhport RBeroad Joseph Lo Corot,
samme] Dally, and Ferdinand Blak THe record of
the indement and sentence of Geol Botts for the maerded
of 1). 8. Hidsted, ar, on July 2, was signed by the Judges
of the court, veserdan).
HoboreN.~Patrick Anthony of tovost and North
f venth- te, emploved as fireman on th ferry -hoat
James Komsey, wer strack on the bend and fatally

inyrred, vesterday. hy the Key of the walking ven while
be was oiling the Tua laery

The Methodist Missionary Sosy elected
vesterday the following oflicers jor the ersuing year:
President, Bishop Morris; Vice-President, Lashop Janes;
Carresponding Secretary, J. F. Durbin, D. De; Treasurer,
hows Ceriton, DD Rhee usual number of man goes,
cotnposed equally of winisters and Jayiven, was also
ciceled,

The American Institute annonnees its an
nual Course of purely Sctentifle Loctire: na fallow g
Nov. 23. The Natare and Source of Litt: Pro’ Marron,
Dee, 14. The Chemistry of the Sun: Poof, BF. Baxkei,
Dee. 21. Magnetian: Prof. A. M, Maven.
Dee, 20. Ronn’: The Voice and the Kar: Prof Ronn.
Jan. 5. Combustion: Prof. C. F. CHANDLER,

The Institute uniformly selects the very ablest and
most eminent expounders of Phy =ical Sewnce forts lec
turers, und thus enlarges the general kuowicdge of No
ture and ber Jaws. This is a good worl, und deserves the
popular approbation it secures,

a
Cormeline McCarthy, age 14, of No. 429 1
Tweuticth st, who was bitten by a wed doo, a iow days sgo, ded, jes
terday, iv Bellevue Hospital.
Sudden deaths vesteiday: Dridget Kelioe, ave 45,
at No. 304 Fast Tweatsr-slrih-st, Marcarct Yarher, age 27, #t No. 516
West Twenty-piuth-ot. Mary MoCafficr at Noo #42 West Seventeentneer,
Patrick Dougherty, a tenant of No. 476 President
at., Brooklyn. retnrned howe drauk on Sondo= night and boiog refuse
money by bis wife, set ker clothes on fire, Le Uames Were ea Lgisues
Ly the ur .ghbors, and be was arrested,
Matthew Manning, age 45, of No. 434 East Thir
teent-st., was stabbed, yesterday, iu the left side by Michael Corlan,
living in the same house. Manning war taken to Relievoe Hostal and
hi« assailant was commitied by Justice Scott, at the Fasex Maract Volice
Court.
Mrs. Margaret Welsh, age 43, who was burned, on
Runday, iu the wesement, No. J Mulberrs-st., died, yesterday, wo the Park
Hospital George Birmingbes:. late of No. 64 Canrinest, who fol)
from a bnildiug iv Variek-st., en Bainrday, died, yes'erday, tu Bellevue
Hospital
John Brady, age 48, living in Fong-ninth-st,, be
tween First and Recomd-aves,, patent brake exsmiver on she Hudson
River jeder 4 while attempting fo jnmp a) a Harlewn train. vesterday,
at Fourth-ave und rrdiba Was FER OVEr, SeCely UE injuries
from which be died at St” Lake's Hosplial.
The Rov. J. G. Bass of No. 57 DeKalb-a, Brook
Iyn, formerly pastor of the Janes M. F. Charebs was attaccrd iu Koclies
4er-ave, on Aunday afternoon by two colored men, one of «hom struck
Siw with club, while the otler attempted Ww rub Lu, Hoseacwied bim
58S ruccessfully, and they escaped.
A fire on the second floor of No, 27 Howard-st.,
Strid by Charles M. Veit Co, as a fancy goods store, damaged stock
©1500 yesterday. On the third Qoor, Secale hy 6. NW Foster, a up.
holaterer. stoek was damaged $500. The fist floor and basement are
oecupied by W. J. Widdieton, publisher; Jose $00, Thebuiiding ms
dawaged $500,
BEQUEL TO THE INDIANA TRAGEDY —~LYNCHING
OF THREE NEGROES.
CuanrLesToN, Ind., Nov. 17.—Last night alont
1 o'clock a band of wen fd Quguine. hun bestug between
50 and 75, eutered Chatlagt v Louiiy sound of Clark
County, Jud, and enter the ufl Wu thice Sek
named George Johnson, As 0 Tayld te Charles
Davis, whe were Fareed w th The hruli ih Aer of the
Purk tainly, uear Henryville, on Baturday night lust,
were confined for the purpose St Rmeving them. They
dewmnnded the keys of Sheriff Baxter, who pe.
solutely refused to give them up. They threatened him,
and 10 various ways tried to foree him to kive up the
keys, but he refused to the lust. They then broke down
the doors, secured the victims, and took them about two
miles from town on the New Market road, and there
hung them in the most unmeretful manner,
From the appearance of the victims and rule
roundings it was evident that Davis hud Deen bung firs,
in the presence of the others, for the purpose of making
them confess thelr guilt. A fire had been kindled, wn
Taylor had heen terribly tortured, his right nana wy.
burned to a ertep, aid fe back hud heon fearfully burned,
aud then he was huug, 80 that his feet touehed the roots of
the tree. Infact, he was not Bunz, but was merely choked
to death. The ropo wae (matoned around the trunk of
the tree below the lowest branchos. HI8 nock wu not
Divken, aad be died from torture ad stranguluton.
HOME NEWS.

PROMINENT AHIGVALAN,
IIT VORK (I1TY.
I1IVYCTURYES MEETINGS. 1T1(.
TOIICT NOTES
From The (Cincinnati Gazelle
Johnson was hung to a limb of the samo tree, and
ho was the only ono whose neck apponred
to be broken, None of the victims’ faces were
covered, and they presented a horrid spectacle,
Taylor, when found this morning, Wis without
clothing, The men who did the hangligg were completely
dingnised. They cach wore a white hat, with n visor over
tue free, and they were dre seed 1m old woldiecs blouses,
coats, &e. They wore in the Jail an Lour bofore they suc:
ceeded In getting the wrotched negroes out. When they
came into the town, whenever they saw any ono wateh
ing thom, they throatenod to shoot if an alarm WAS
ralsed, and a guard was placed over cach person who
was found on the streets, and ever each houso whero
any one was found looking out. The correspondent of The
Louisville Courier-Journal, who Waa on the ft vive for
the itein, was arrested by the mob and held until the
work was done. The peoplo everywhere deplore ihe
hanging of the negroes. In the first place, it 1a re
garded as doubtful whether they wero guilty
of the murder of the Park family, and if they
were guilty, it is believed they were only the accom
plices or tools of others who were more guilty than they,
The opinien is freely expressod that tho negroes wero
hung by persons who know as much about the murder a8
the negroes, and that the hanging was done to hide tho
blood on their own hands. Tho Graud Jury had been in
gepsion three or four days, and had heard all the testt
mony against the n@rocs, and yet Hiey were unably to
find a true bill against them. Eome beleved the negroes
were all guilty and deserved their fate, but they hoped
the law Lywied take its course, and Josilly the investi
gation would lead to other facts, and other parties would
he found to have heen implicate (0. As tho matter stands,
the whole affair i8 a @reat mystery; and tho de *h of the
1hiree negroes cuts off what was considered the best clue
to the guilty parties.
There seetus to have been a terrible feud between cer
tain families in Mr. Park’s neighborhood, in which the
Cleges Parks, Pralls, Kirks, NY others wero uixed up,
and it is asserted that written threats had been made
against Mr. Park and one or two others; and there is a
belief among some that the murder was done by Mr.
Park’s enendes in this fend, or instigated by them. It is
thonight possible that the negroes who As heen 0
summarily dealt with may have done the bloody work
at the instigation of we Fong But of course no one is
named. From the feeling to-day it is not likely the in
vestigation will stop here,
ee
SIONS THAT ARE NUISANCES —-A HOUSEHOLDER'S
LEA.
fo tha Editor of The Iribune.
Srp: The community is justly indignant at
the dishonest system by which Tammany oftice-holders
have exiracted money from the pockets of tho shop
keepers for the nse of signs in front of (their shops. Let
me speak a word for those unfortunate housekeopers
who happen not to he shopkeepers, but who live in the
neighborhood of establishuieuts whore blazing signe are
Munated in their faces at all hours of the day and far into
the nfeht,  ITave those no rizhts that these are bound to
respect? Isat nota great wrong to 'rocicty in general a8
well 4s to me particularly, for an Englich prize-fizhtor,
or any other rufilan, to be permitted to occupy noxt to
my Private residence a howe for a gambling avd a
drinking den, and to place at the foot of bis steps far out
on the sidewa'k two blazine Hghts, announcing to all
passers by his intamons business—Ilights which stare me
and my children in the nee mtil we are are fatrly driven
out of once comfortable hotae honestly come by and de
cently maintained 1
This 18 nn warked case, it is tre, but the evil, in a
greater or lesser degree, prevails in wiost of our streets
and inflicts generally a great wrong poi a whole neich
borhood of eney that a single bloated publican may
emake his live,” as he calls it, by retailing bad gin, or
gomething worse, The law 15 a wholesome one is it
stands, that no sign or other obstruction shall extend more
than twelve inches beyond the front wall of a house. Let it
be enforced against al! alike, and do not allow my neighbor
to impair the value of my property or abridge wy cours
fort by the mere payment of a rall sw of money,
“which enriches not (he city and makesme poor indeoad.”
Lat the law be entoreed, snd let every old New-Yorker
feel, as onee he felt, that he lives in acity w herve freedom
in its just sense abounds, and where no man may inter
{ere with the righis of another at any price, WwW. Ww,
No. 22 Broud-st., Nov, 20, 1571,
TIE WEEHAWKEN FERRY -A DANGEROUS BOAT.
To the Editor of The Tribune,

Si: Nothing ~hort of a miracle will prevent
you frou soon having to report a repetition of the West
geld disaster if son thing be not done to rouse the pro
prictors of the ferry between Forty-seeond-st, and Wee
howken. Ooty one boat, the Lydia, is running there,
and that is in such a dilapidated condition that the won:
der is how it holds tocethier, Teross in this hoat very
day, and 1 constantly hear words of seli-congratulition
from posdengers when they reach tueir destination, The
timbers are roto, ona the deck fairly sinks fn with
ey ery wizon that cocoon board, The steering appar ins
is constantly ont of order, Vhe bolder ated machinery
are nearly worn out, add for sore tine past the boat has
bed ranuing wiluntt a certifiente, the fortuer cevtiiieante
having expired. The boat ds co ditty that a deecnily
dressed person rarely can find a place that is free room
Tobacco june and stoke, ho Tex ations being regurdod
inthe so ened Eres ean, Toe deck is st lon cleapre 1,
plthoneh the nmaher of cotthe const Hy crossivg fender
Attention to this the doore necessary; so that betvieon
the dirt fnside, and the stench oniside, with the addi
twnad prospect of beng Blownomto fn yrinents, itis worth
cone thine to trast oneself on board the Lydia, Wita
such irregwiaiitios as these, I need hardly add that the
Dont hiows nothing like piunetuality. Tn fact the who!
manage oent ls abont as bad and as dangerous as it well
can he, whiten, considering the high charges and largo
profits of the Company, Cems very unwarrnntuble.
UCwion Hill, N..J., Nov, 20, 17), 1,

t— cats. sme.
The trial of {he Horace Hawes contested will
The tvial of the Horace Hawes contested will
Core iy pre cv lng a toe Prolate Couriot Man Francisco, The testoior
praet calle distnberited his wife erd conghier, giving a conden did sam
tor hie son and the ont of the tern inder to tund the Mount ag Livers
ptr, unr terms whoeh ponder the project ding ra gieahle, Fhe widow
contests the will on the eround of te iuspaity of Uw tee tor, and the
eviiener to iat foe. is vere strong, The case, ou vo count of the
great extent us the eolote and the notoriety the de cended wttgaets great
attest: Lol




[Anuonneanents
Brose e-Coconse—"1The best Hair-diessing,
Brose =Cocoasi— he best Haer-dvessimys,


The storm of Yast Tuesday eansed very high
tides and mach iaoisene don AL anon s place, 202 Broviwas, tuen's
piwre L hooh tide cr Koon tous sear Jo at the lool, und
whieh led bow on to focume, The tie of banarits the ows ote Koox's
after late and Fons os tren tboas, Keador tue ths thie 4t She dowd,
aud it will lead you to ag peup Gat, and persis a toi



a
To MoTngErs.— Use reennn Grae, the
great wed cal toc epecially od pod or idants, co Loa most y both
reaneds in il eases of duathen, choicva fulantan, ant dosentors, Mold by
ali urugiste, mod at Cie wiolesaie wepot by CALs ios, 103 Water
st, corms Medeu-wue,
ne
Tie pest rraecy in New-York to bay Rerr
ALE Waicihs, TINE DIAXONDS, RICU, FASHIONABLE Jo eho, aud
STEKL NG SUAVE, be dQiies’s YT Faltou st, Diwnonds a speciadty,
cr
Breacmna, Creesisg, and Dyeing OFrices
of 1. Lor 94 Browlv ay, near Twenty -s cond--i, V1 Biomne-si., Cur,
Broadway, Made up somes Lees, eather, gloves, &c., cleaned,
Samat we =e
Let the bald and grey use HALLS VY pGrTanLE
FIC Lian Mai Kesxewki, If (hey desire as good a head of Bair as iu
out,
d ml ee
Ask vour Grocer for Thooneys Yeast Powber,
the best Baking Pow'or. Depot, 6) New-st., N.Y.
DERE BRONZE CENTER PIECES
AND
CAD RLCLIVERS,
A LAKGEH VARIETY.
FINE WATCHES A SPECIALTY,
SCHUYLER, HARTLEY GRATIAM
19 MAIDEN-LANE AND 22 JONN ST,

QECTIONAL PORTABLE BUILDINGS
EFFECTIVE, NEAT, ARE Clear,
Col. D OM'S PA 8
M:de to order hy Hu
THE DERROM BUILDING CO
Paterson New Jeiser,
Budding and Joiner Works established 1945,
For full partienlars, ee rext Naturday's Trihone,
IGHT LOCOMOTIVES FOR NARROW
e Railroads, contiactors’ use, eoustenetion, Whiting, wooden:
rails, I and mills, quarries, mines: conform to steep grades shar
enrves, ght rai's, narrow gauges, and low tannels, Rend for circular au
infurination desired. PORTER, BELL Co. P. ttahargl, Pena,
165.- —AME RICAN BILLIARD TABLE,
ual to best nde at half the pst; patent composition
or slate beds, with I'«, enes, &e., $105 to S240,
AMERICAN BILLIARD TABLE Co, %0 Broadway.
Gor HIC FURNACE—For Warming Houses,
Churches, Schools. Bewd for book, o_Aleg. M. Lesley, 605 tth-ave.
ploToGRAPHS for the Holidays oy
lain Misistare, $5 each,
HOS. R. AGNEW 860 Tha a NY
Choice GROCERIES, TEAS, FISH, ete.. wholesale and retail.
BALL BLACK C0,
367
BRONZDS FANCY 00DS
HOLIDAYS.
MARV(N&SO'S
ARE THE BEST
26.3 BROADWAY,


STERLING
SILVER.
Mi Mares
No, 22 JOHN-ST, (UP-STAIRS),
Make a Specialty of the
GORIAM MANUFACTURING COMPANY'S
STERLING SILVER-WARE,
Especial attention is requested to the
many new and elegant pieces manufac
tured expressly to our order the past
year, and quite recently completed.
An unusually attractive assortment of
novelties in Faney Silver, cased for Wed
ding Gifts, of an inexpensive character.
The Gorham Co. manufacture on an
unparalleled scale, employing on Ster
lipg Silver-Ware alonc over Three Ilun
dred skilled hands, the most accom
plished talent in Designing, and the
best Labor-Saving Machinery, enabling
them to produce work of the highest
character, at prices unapproached by
any competition,
THIS COMPANY USE ONLY BRIT
ISH STERLING 305.
French Clocks,
BRONZES,
MUSICAL BOXES.
ALEX. M. HAYS Co,
23 Matic. ane, x We
Bra t.
Kites on Ay; and st.
GEO. STICK 00%
GRAND, SQUARE, AND UPRIGHT
PIANOS
ARE THE CHEAPEST, BECAUSE THEY SURPASS ALL OTHERS
IN
TONE, FINISH, AND DURABILITY.
WAREROOMS, No. 25 EAST FOURTEENTH-AT.
OTIS’ chines
O1I8 BROTHERS Co.. No. 348 Broadway, New York
Snais.s3 AREER AC CS LORS WIESE
JEW 19710 PATTERN SIMPLE AS OLD
4X
NOY ONT TPATLED IN 20.000,
AM0 J A NPN LRs 4 aA Hale BY add Aedes de 4 J
New York Asgiicay Ixstirere Por Beoooivg, Nov 4 1471
FE. NM. Boysroy, 73 Beekman-at., New-Vork—Sig: This ceitiies
that I saw the Lizhtuing Cross-Cut Saw, worked hy baud, by tso men,
Nov. 2 at this Pair, Said mon an! saw ent oF a sonnd 2¢9 ineh chestunt
Log in iseconds; and 1 eats of same, continously, in two minntes and
14 seconds, or at a mre of a cord of wood a legs than mine mines, I
am satisfied that for all purposes of cross-catting large and small tuber
cour eroge-cuts and would saws have uo rival lu speed, Iu ease, wien
simp! city,
Ivey. thote nriversa) uss wonl! save 1 vast amount of moper aud
time, aud aut ube tod of milions of wen J. W, BLAKE.
Superiaten tent und Fozineer Am rican Institute Far,
1 seloer thie from many otters reccsed this wear regarding my new
Mates nro belting Saws of 1871 pattern. The honce. Mess,
Everson, Frwselie Co. Siracuse, N.Y, are known for their Ligh
charter, They desl largely with farmers and luubermen
Mr KE. M. BoysTtoN, 38 Beekoaan-s,, NM, Y.o==Sir! The pinth ship.
ment of your Cross utd und Wood-Saws to ns this season airived lust
Wodnesdav. Ploise send us 70 wore Licht og Cross-Cut Saws gon us
ag le. The sale of Jour Saws eontitiues good, and we are nearly out,
Vo shall require fully 500 Licbtning Cross (Cuts and as many Wool-Naws
to comp lee oar Years puie ses, Noe vould The to have son rewuece fo
nee of you cau still Leep np their umivaled quality of wanuf-ctne,
We aliotV have 8 1) more. only we have heen overstocked with other va.
neties of patent clearing-tecth saws, and hase [own oblized to sell sour
Naws at un advance of 5 per cent user any other, yet many will have Lo
other saw but yours. Our custoiners say the Lightning Saw saves the
Gitferenc: of cost in one day 'a nse, are more smple to siavpen and ran
eazicr than any other, We think your new patent M tooth Saws oc sur
pass in speed, tn ease, in simplicity an’ perfect clearance anytling we
ever saw, and ne are ready to indorse rour challenge of $500, to ee tle
he pubic conteet their superiority over any other Saw in the wo li
wich. of cogrse, no one «an question, EVERSON, FRISSELLE Co.
ln accoplance with the shove, 1 Lave reduced the retail pnes from
$1 25 to ®1 per foot, aud the trade price proportionately, and sol.at
the patrenoue of the American public, Beware of worthicss in rations
st In fiagoments, which will be prosecuted. Do not confound thus 1471
putt tn with my old 1067 pattern Clearing-Tooth Saws, now out of mar.
et. All clearing-teeth are complicated, as hey require to Le kept
shorter than eatters and frequent readjustment. After much experience,
1 cannot recommend them, Bach oue of the new Laghtmug Cross Cuts
has my $500 challenge, and full directions for setting sud sharpening any
saw, ngraved on it. Honest baniware men will procure the genuine (or
their enstomers, even if they are overstocked with iuferior goods, hut
where they do not keep them, Agents are wanted. A six-foot Cron-Cut
and Buck Saw sent on receipt of $6. Lxpross will cost from 40 cents to
$1 to places this side of the Mississippi River by special contract,
Sort of he large Uanlware Jobliug Houses in Awerica sow halle
my goods
N. 8. Millions of Axes are used for eatting wood: a Lightulug Cross
Cut 8a, either for one wan or foc two, will cut five tics as 14st as su
ax. Why vot try them!
Ordinary saw-sot and a flat le only required in sharpening the saw, as
all teeth are the same length and saople as haul-saw teks, produc ng
freest cutting both ways. See that the same und warrant are on cach saw,
Agents wanted where the hardware trade do not well the gouaive,
ahich bas wy use wd "ofan ou each saw,
2. M. BOYNTON,
SOLE PROPRIETOR AND MANUFACTURED
“3% BEEKMAN-ST.. NeW YOUR,
HERRINGS SAFES
251 BROADWAY. CORNER MURRAY-8T., N. Y.,
807 CJESTNUT-ST., PHILADELPHIA. PA,

40 STATE-ST., CHICAGO, ILL,
53 CAMP-ST.. NEW-ORLLEANS,
Books for baie at The Tribune Ofce.
RECOLLECTIONS OF A BUSY LIFE. By
Horgee Greeley, Various styles of binding. Cloth $2 5%. 1.
brary, $3 50. Half Moroeco, $4. Half Calf, $5 Morocco Antique, $7.
POLITICAL ECONOMY. By Horace Grecley.
Price. #1 30.
WwW HAT I KNOW OF FARMING. By Horace
Greeley. Price, $1 50.
M2 GREELEY™ LETTERS FROM TEXAS
AND THE LOWER MISSISSIPPI, Price, 25 cents; vr 5 copies
for $1, ema Re dN? eam a, A
3 NK’s LICS AND MECHAN
FE WBANK JYDRAULICE AND YECAS
"P'RIBUNE ALMANAC REPRINT. 1818 to
1808, 2 vole Half bound. $10.
TRIBUNE ALMANAC. 1871. 20 cents; 7 for
(CHRIST AND THE GALLOWS; Or, ReAsoNs
Por ABOLITION oF CariTAL PunisuursT. Bovee. Cloth 3.
PEAR CULTURE FOR PROFIT. Quinn.
el
MONEY IN THE GARDEN, A VEGETA
SS NAXUAL, By P.'I. Quinn. Nearly 100 Bugravioga Cloth,
JOLEMENTS OF AGRICULTURE. Waring.
4 New Edition, Cloth, $1.
JORAINING FOR HEALTH AND PROFIT.
Waring. Cloth, $1 5
JoAkt CLOSETS ANI? EARTH SEWAGE.
4 Yeping Paper 5) conta
UNION COLONY OF (OLORADO: HIS
TORY AND FIUNT ANNUAL RFPOCT, We
(Q-OPiRA TIVE NTOLES: THR HEN
J Toy, Q Go NJAATION. AND NM ANAGEMEN TN Paar, Wet.
CY OPERATION: AVTRACTIVE INDUS
TRY, iby KP Can, Proe it I ud
CONSTITUTION AMD BY LAWS off CO
N03 PAT LAND AND Lilia ASSOCIATE ee
)oeva L]
LSRUNTEES Lo samat he maid wt ul, em omen lee Al
as LUE Ode NK New Yer,
EEE e

TIFFANY 0,
UNION-SQUARE,
DIAMOND MERCHANTS,
Offer a larger stock than ever
before of Diamond and Gen
JEWELRY, and unmounteq
matched Stones and Soli
taires.
A few specimen Stones
absolute perfection. Some
of large size.
A BAD RUPTURE CURED!
Dr GreCORT—Denr Sir: After wearing WHITES PATENT LETRA
TRUSK, and us nz vonre lehiuted HERNIA LODO an dirveted am
radically enred of A muprure of more than 25 tears’ standing, [opera
with confidence 48 1 have not worn a trusd for two years, and do every:
thing [ever coull, Mv health is betier now ted 1 vy ume denag we
past 20 years, Yours truly, LS. ADAMS,
04 Rrersonest, Brovkin
Mr. Adams (whose letter we pal lish above) is ono f car best gles,
aud can be relied upon, Dr, GREGORY cares HIGINTA withoat pas of
danger, and which will not iuterfere with labor or Dusiuess of a0) bid
Pamphlets, 10 cents, g v.02 fll explanations. Alor
6
UC, AUG. GREGORY, M. D., No. 74 Frosim?
A Raymond Co
COR, FULTON AND NASSAU.STS,,
CLOTHIERS.
OVERCOATS
WINTER SUITS
OT FINE MATERIAL, FOR
GLONTS AND BOYS.
WEBER
PiaN O TOhvne.
Provoanced by the £14 Musical Talent Hans, the ue
BIST PIANOS I
th
workmanshiy.
oreegd
WAREROOMS:
FIFTH-AVENUE,
COR. SIXTEENTH.ST,, NEW.YOLK.
BUFFALO
ROBES,.
WOLF ROBES, CARRIAGE ROBES
SLEIGH ROBES,
LAP ROBLS, HORSE BLANKETS,
The largest collection in the country, for sale by
SAMUEL SHETHAR Co,
548 BROADWAY. NEW. YOKE
INSURANCE COMPANY.
No. 135 Broadway,
Brauch Ofico, o 88 SIXTH-AVE
The Officers and Directors in
vite the attention of the Public to
the following Certificate of the Su
perintendent of the Insurance De
partment, showing the ondition of
the Company on the Ist November,
15871.
CHAS. J. MARTIN, President.
J. II. WasusURN, Secretary.
INSURANCE DEPARTMENT,
ALBANY, N. Y., Nov. 10,1871.
Having, at the request of the
Oflicers, made an examination of
the affairs of the Home Insurance
Company of New-York, T find that
that Company had, on the Ist day
of Noveuber, 1871, of well invested
and avairable assets,
$4.813,560 94.
LIABILIT/ %8 WERE:
Chicago Losses (deducting amount
relusured) $e se 92.130.418
Other Liabilities wk
$2,130,599 79
Amount required to relasure a Out

sland Risks 1,375,000 00
Td
Amount of Assets over all Liabilities, except Capital,

$1,008,021 15.
The Capital Stock of the Compacy is,
$2,600,000.
The Of cers have this day besa directed to require tbe Swab
pay up the deficiency, or Bixty per cent of said Copia) Such ig
forty dys ars?
THE PRESENT ASSKTS AND THE PROSPECT OF A U0
REPAIRMENT OF THE CAPITAL STOCK QF TMB
ARE QUITE SUFFICIENT, 1S THR OPINION a 147
INTEXDENT, TQ JUSTIPY THB CONTINUANCE
CONFIDENCE. GRO. W. MILLER, Sepeioteedst


PRIVATE DW BLLINGS and ether buidings by sia ow WAT
Co BARR NITH oN Y
(the oldest nud largeet rutabluhment of the Rind in the
Thepey' 11 Bawihiets and eutamateos furmiehe! no snleain
2
Ld