made, as It should be, a precedent to tM
habitually followed, we shall see greater re
sults than even the overthrow of Tammany.
"Greater results than even the overthrow
of Tammany 1" What does Beech er mean
the overthrow of Custom House corruption?
Concludes the Christian Union:
As has been well said, the campaign is ended, bnt
the war In only begun. The forces of knavery are
toeaten in tne Held, bin the knaves are to be hunte d
out of the community and the return of tuein or
itaelr kind to be guarded against. A great debt to
lusUce remains unpaid until tne meu who have ae
bauched our government wear the felon's garn.
i And even then tbe work of retribution Is to be fol
lowed by the greater work of moulding the people
Into the Inflexible habit of guarding the vublio
purity and honor. There la no n'st in tne service ol
the community so long as the community endures.
The old motto must be ours, "To-day's goal be to
morrow's starting point 1"
The Boston Pilot Catholic organ in New
England thinks "there is a wide field for
Irish-American journalism in this country, if
it only be of the right sort and every friend
of our people will be gratified to find that the
very journals that prostitute themselves are
the only ones that are forced to cry out the
Irish are not a reading people.'"
The Pilot is mistaken. That the Irish are a
reading people is in evidence from the fact
that there are as many IriBh hebdomadals
published in this city or weeklies published
in the Irish interest, Fenian and otherwise
as thero are of any other outside nationality
that abides among us.
Our Jewish contemporaries are rather slow
this week. Why do they not wake up, when
the tabernacle of the city treasury is in view
halloo
The Saving* Bunk* Troubles.
The suspension of tbe Guardian Savings
Bank, which wafl controlled almost entirely
by the capitalists of the "Ring," and of which
William M. Tweed was President, is a na
tural result of the collapse of the ''Ring"
itself, and also goes to explain the run which
commenced yesterday on the Bowling Green
Savings Bank ?n institution near of kin to
the "Boss' own, and on the National
(Savings Institution, which has been luckless
enough to have a Tweed (Jr.) among
Its directon. There is no need to feel any
uncertainty in regard to the great majority of
our savirgs institutions, for they are, as a rule,
ibonestf/ controlled and are considered per
fectly sound. The Guardian and Bowling
Given are the only ones that have an acknow
lolged affinity with tbe "Ring" management,
jfld tbey doubtless feel now that a good name
k better than silver or gold. It is to be earn
estly desired that the laboring men whose
bread and meat depend upon tho little sums
they have deposited in these concerns may
culler no loss. Nothing that bas yet been
proven against the "Ring" managers will go
eo far to render the lower classes indignant
as to thus bring "Ring" rascality to bear
directly on their own slim pockets. Better
that every man of means in the directory of
these banks sacrifice his whole fortune than
that these worthy and needy depositors go
unpaid.
flPhe Ocrnu Bcllilsiii Reform Noveaeau
The movement of which Dr. DtUlinger ia
ithe recognized head progresses slowly bo
slowly, In fact, that many, both of those who
favor and of those who oppose it, are of the
'^opinion that it Is wanting in vitality. At the
same time it is bard to get rid of the idea that
?it does not, indeed, make some progress. In
(this far away land of ours, where religious
liberty is a great and glorious fact, and where
the dominating power of a State Church is not
felt, we cannot realize the character of the
?truggle which is now going on, particularly in
!Bavaria, but generally all over Catholic Gcr
roany. It is something to know that in Bava
ria the royal placet is a barrier wall which
thitherto has defied all the artillery of Rome.
In former times, when Rome excommunicated
A clergyman, the State, without question, gave
?ffect to the Church's decisions and dispos
sessed the heretic of his living. There are
mow in Bavaria several excommunicated cler
gymen and professors of theology but the
'Bavarian government sustains the rebels and
resists Rome. The same policy is being pur
sued by the government of Prussia. Great
revolutions are sometimes of slow growth. It
Is not conceivable that this state of things can
Song exist in Catholic Germany without bring
ing about a great religious reform. It has
icftev been said that without concordats the
{Papal empire could not survive. To-day con
cordats are dead. )t is our privilege or our
misfortune to witness the greatest crisis in the
'whole history of the Papacy.
Charles O'Conob was born in this city, in
Eouth street. This in answer to many in
quiries.
Personal Intelligence.
Gepernl H. L. Robinson, of Btnghamton, Is at the
Rt. Nicholas Hotel.
Surgeon Wm. M. Kins, of the United State* Navy,
Is quartered at the Albemarle Hotel.
Colonel W. S. Church, wf Albany, Is stopping at
the Hoffman House.
Judge M. B. shaphard, ol Alabama, Is residing at
tne Grand Central Hotel.
General II. T. Read, of Keokuk, Iowa, has quar
tern at the St. Nicholas Hotel.
State Senator E. M. Madden, of Mlddletown, is at
the St. James Hotel.
E. P. Blodgett, of Georgia, is at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel.
Commander Norton, of the United States Navy, is
tat the Sturtevant House.
General Jndson Klipatrtck, of New Jersey, Is at the
Metropolitan Hotel. The General has been com
pelled oy an affection of the throat to cease lectur
ing.
Arlnorl Mori, of the Japanese Embassy, yesterday
?arrived ia the city Irom v\ asbiugton, and took quar
ters at the St. James Hotel.
l>r. J. G. Holland (Timothy Tltcomb), of Spring
tteld, Mass., is among yesterday's arrivals at the
Brcvoort House. Tbe Doctor is well known as an
author and the editor ot Scritmrr't Monthly.
Captain Yon Schantz, of the Russian frigate
Jtbreck, is at the Clarendon Hotel with Minister
Catacazy.
1 John Morrissoy, of Massachusetts, Is at the Grand
Central Hotel. Mr. Morri.'sey Is the Sergeanuau
.Anns of the Massachusetts House of Represents*
tlvea, and has been such for a number or years.
Among the passengers for Havre by tne steamship
Washington, which sailed yesterday, were Assistant
?Secretary of State J. Bancroft Dav .s and the Rev.
^Athanese Coqulrel.
Ex -Governor R. 0. McCormlck, of Arizona, is a
tnauve and has for some time past been a resident
of Jamaica, L. I. The Famvr of that place an
nounces that he is steadily regaining his health.
E. R. Hoar, of Massachusetts, who was tbe first
Attorney General in the CuMuet of President Grant,
was in town lor a short time yesterday. He stopped
at the I'.verett Houae, from uhere he went In the
evening to Washington.
Ex Senator Ben Wade left the Astor House on
Friday evening. It was his intention to proceed to
W ashington, though he would possibly stop for a
liiorl tunc at some point u* New Jersey,
ma to Tn mm!
ALEXIS' ARRIVAL
The Grand Duke Safely
in Harbor.
The Russian Frigate Svet
lana Off the Light
sbip "All Well"
The Fears of Two IN at ions
Happily Allayed.
At two o'clock this morning the special,
couriers from the Herald steam yacht
Herald brought to the office of this journal
the welcome intelligence that the Russian
frigate Svetlana, with the Grand Duke Alexis
on board, had arrived safely off the Lightship,
with all well on board.
At half-past eleven o'clock last night a
large steamer came slowly up and anchored
off the Lightship. The Herald yacht ran
alongside and soon discovered that the
stranger floated the Russian flag. In reply to
thehail of the yacht, "What vessel is this?"
came the welcome reply,
"The Russian frigate Svetlana."
"Are all well on board?"
"All well."
"la the Grand Duke Alexis on board
"He is."
The following is the officer's report:
"The Russian steam frigate Svetlana,
Captain Kremer, Vice Admiral Possiet, chief
of squadron, 3)090 tons, mounts ten guns,
360 horse power from Madeira, October 10.
Experienced strong head winds and heavy
seas. nearly the whole passage."
The officer on duty made immediate in
quiry of the captain of the Herald yacht if
the other vessels of the Russian fleet
had yet reached port, and when informed
that they had immediately commmunicated
the intelligence to those on board the Svetlana.
A loud cheer soon testified that the news of
I the safety of their companions had reached
the ears of the crew of the flagship.
ffiThere was no excitement in the Bay up to
midnight, from the fact that the arrival of
the Svetlana was not known up to
that hour except to the crcw of
the Herald yacht, no other vessel being
near when the richly-freighted frigate
dropped her anchor.
FRANCE
M. Gambetta's Speech on Democratic
Government in France.
His Plan for the Preservation of the
Eight of Self-Kule.
TELECRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Taris, Nov. 18, 1871.
M. Gambctta made hla expected speech at St.
Quentin last night.
His tone was moderate, and the speech has pro
duced an excellent effect ou. public opinion.
lie assured his hearers that no danger at present
menaced the exlstence-of the republic; but reforms
were necessary to confirm It, and the people should
see that legislation to that end be not kept back too
long In the National Assembly.
The citizens of France, he added, should take a
more active and practical Interest in political
affairs, and maxe their influence felt In
the government or the country. To
give their power its legitimate effect, he advocated
the formation of a national republican party, and
set forth In detail a plan of organization which is
based in many respects upon tne American system.
COURTS MARTIAL AND COMMl'MSX.
Several additional courts martial have been
created, the more rapidly and effectually to dispose
of tne large number of cases of Communist prisoners
still remaining to be tried.
CONVICTIONS FOR MCROER.
The trial by court martial of the parties accused
of the assassination of Generals Thomas and Le
cointe has ended.
Nineteen of the prisoners were pronounced guilty.
Verdaguer and seven others were sentenced co
suffer death, one to imprisonment lor lile at hard
labor and ten to various terms of confinement.
PROSECUTION OF TIIK FKESS.
A decree has been issued suspending the publica
tion of the newspapers VAwnir and Le Pays, for
printing articles Insulting to the government.
AMRY ORONIZATION AND FRONTIER PKI KSCE.
The work of reorganization of the French army Is
making rapid progress. By the end of the present
year the strongest strategic positions on tne eastern
frontier will be occupied by divisions of a com- j
pletely reconstructed and thoroughly equipped
corps d'armie.
ENGLAND AND FRANCE.
T'hi International Commercial Treaty Negotia
tion! Broken Off.
Tl LEGS AW TO THE HEW YORK HERAL1
London, Nov. 18, 1871.
The London stantuirtl announces that the nego
tiations between the British and French govern
ments for the modification ot the International
commercial treaty have been broken off.
No cause has been assigned for the cessation or
the Cabinet proceedings.
FIRE IN HABLEM.
Detraction of n Church.
A Are broke out last night at half-past ten in the
Epiecopal church on the corner of lCith street and i
Fourth avenue, that entirely destroyed the building I
which was valued at $2,000. It was a wooden struc
ture, ana insured in the Connnenial ami Hope In- 1
?urance companies. It Is soppoeeed the flic orisi
n.ited in the cellar, and was caused oy the over
heating of the furnace.
MORE ABOBTIOM.
A lady named Mrs. Allen Toung, of 265 Broome
street, was found by a policeman last night in
Broome street, in a very critical oondltion. When
taken to the station house siio stated that she had
goiio to a Mrs. I'aliner m, 296 rtoum First street, Wil
liamsburg, lor the purpose of havlug an abortion
produced. The police surgeons restored her strength
Boiuewhat ana was sent to BcUqv li.yy.mu.
OEBHAN7
Explosion of Gunpowder in a
Fortress Arsenal.
Narrow Escape from Terrific
Consequences.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Frankfort, Nov. 18, 1871.
An explosion of gunpowder occurred this morn
ing in the Fortress of Ehrenbrettatclu, opposite Cob
lentz, on the Rhine. Some cartridges were
touched by Are in the ordnance manufacturing
laboratory, and a large quantity of fixed and loose
ammunition exploded in consequence.
The building was badly shattered.
Three soldiers were Killed and many otber9
wounded, The immense magazines of the fortress,
wnere a supply of powder is stored sufflcieut for a
ten years' siege, escaped the danger.
ENGLAND.
Roman Catholic Mission to the Colored
Frccdmen of America.
Archbishop Manning on Na
tional Reparation for
the Slave System.
TELEGRAMS TO THE HEW YQRX HERALD.
London, Nov. 1?, 1871.
The first Roman Catholic mission ever despatched
from England to America sailed to-day.
The party consists of four priests, whose duty It
will be to labor exclusively among the colored peo
ple of the Untied States.
At the celebration of mass previous to their de
parture His Grace Archbishop Manning, of West
minster, addressed the missionaries, lie said:?
"This mission ha been establisncd by tne Church
In England because this country had imposed
slavery on America, and it was fitting that English
men should be the first to move lor the ameliora
tion ol the condition of the newly-emauclpiited
r&ca."
The Nations Tbnnki-d lor tlie Aid to Chicago.
London, Nov. 18, 1S71.
A despatch has been received from the State De
partment in Washington thanking the Consuls of
the United Mates in England ana on the Continent
for their efforts in behatr or the suffering Inhabi
tants or Chicago. The circular says:? "The Ameri
can governmi nt is gratified to see in the liberal
response to their appeals of its representatives
abroad unusual evidences of international sym
pathy."
AMOUNT OF TUB RELIEF FUND.
The total amount of subscriptions for Chicago
received at the Mansion House up to last evening
is Jt4 K, 500 $-42, 5(K
AMKIUCAN COTTON 81TPLY.
The steamship Concordia has at rived at Liverpool,
from New Orleans, with 2,653 bales of cotton.
Joy in the I'alnco.
London. Nov. 18, 1871.
The Princess Louise, wife of the Marquis of Lome,
is reported to oe enceint".
QUEEN VICTORIA'S HEALTH.
Medical Bulletin of Her Majesty's Mental Con
dition.
TELEGRAM TO THE_NEW Y3K HSR Ml
LONDON, Nov. 18, 1S71.
Doctor McTieod, one or tne Court physicians, state*
officially as wvu as professionally that lie has been
In attendance on ller Majesty Queen Victoria during
a period ot tune exceeding thirteen years, and can
tnus declare th.it the reports which luvo been cir
culated recently, to the effect that she has exhibited
symptoms of mental weaknoas, are "unqualifiedly
false."
SPAIN.
Provincial Government lor Cuba as Defined by
Fcriner Ministers? The Eudget and
the Bonds Tax.
TELLG^M TO THt NcW Y0R< XEMUL
Madhip, Nov. 18. 1871.
The United States Minister, Major General Sickles,
has made a statement which He says is called forth
by the late debate in the Spanish Cortes on the
subject of Cnba. ami which is also, he adds, abso
lutely necessary lor the explanation of certain
Spanish official documents relative to Cuban af
lairs which have been recently published here.
General Sickles says it is due to the former Mints
tors Kivero. Martos and Becerras. and also to the
late Marshal Prim, to state that they all and sever
ally assured him that Cuba "should be Justly treated
as a province of Spain, entitled to ail the rights
granted by the Constitution of 18ti9."
General Sickles adds that "these promises pre
vented tne American government Iroui intervening
In Cuban affairs."
TKKASURY BONI)8 TAX.
Tho commit tee ol the Cortes on the Spanish
Budget has agreed to report in favor of the tax on
the interest ot Spanish bonds held at home and in
foreign countries.
Spanish Bonds and the Inrrrmt.
This action of the Cortes lludget Committee will
excite a very considerable degree ol agitation
among the holders of bonds of the Spanish nation,
particularly among the creditors or Amadeus' gov
ernment in Londou. It has been already antici
pated with apprehension In tne British capital, as
will be seen irom the following utterances made by
one who purports to present "a review of the deal
ings experienced by the foreign creditors of Spam
during the thirty-seven years from 18?4." Tho
writer says:
No country has a right to tax the interest upon Its
debt, and much less that arising in uiauv eases, us
in Spain, upon stocks issued on terms involving,
after years of suspense, cruel samboes to the
creditor, in lieu of cash tn.it ougui to have t?een
paid upon sacred engagements. in .Vlav, 1870, the
precedence or tne Spanish debt Mien consisted:?
Fit s'. Of Ibe Cortes loam, 1821 23.
oikI.- I lit' loan 18.14 ft i er ceul, at 60 per cent.
Thud.? The three per cent, IMl.
/'?miti.- Ibe Oeferiet bomU, H I.
fi/ih The three per ccnt. 1V7-69 70.
The repudiations, redactions, suspensions or pay
ment, confiscations and otuei acts wnioti have ema
nated Ironi all ino successive govcriiuietits, without
distinction ?r party, have been so numerous and
extraordinary that, perhaps no -miliar example can
be lonnd In the financial annals ol any country. In
182.1 the whoie ol the loan* were repudiated. In
ls34 they woro recognized, but reduced? two
thirds oi the capital in active ft per cent:
one-third In passive, without in wrest; tne eleven
years' arrearages ot dividends wore converted
Into deiened stock, without interest, to be
drawn in twelve years Iro.n 1838 into active 6 per
cent. In H36 a suspension or payments took place.
In is4l the eiithi coupons, 1837 10 1840, that should
have been paid in cash were converted into ?-'o 3
per cent stock ai par. In lsdl th original active 5
percent. ls.U: tne deferred stock tneu issued, and
which had been already drawn into j per tent, and
the hail of the arrears ol coupons irom Is4l (tne
other hall Iwlng confiscated! wore converted into a
new deferred stock, with 1 per cent interest, and an
ascending scale up to 3 per cent in January,
into. In ist.7 ioA na. 4d. 3 per cent bonds
wero given ror each ?ioo ol the hair of
the coupons confiscated In 18M. There was
kiven likewise ?160 8 per cent bonds ror each
?100 minimal or p.is*tve, vulued at 3:! on C2s in
cash being paid i>y the holder. At the same tune
sates ot similar tnreo per cent sto< k to raise
fcis,000, ojo eflcctives were made by Messrs. Rotus
child ror account ot the government, in ls89 a loan
was coniracted in part, and the remainder was sold
by tho Hank or I'ans to realize iio.ooo.o' o effectives.
In 1870 the old three per cent nonds, ts41, and the
deferred ol 1 I were converted into three per cent
stock, thus unifying the foreign debt of apain under
the denomination of "Reuta perpetua three per
CCllt.
Hip sacrifices thus imposed on tho bondholders
havo been as prejudicial to thviu as productive to
ttic govuruipaut lu Madrid.
A WIFE ROASTED ALIVE,
FEARFUL TRAGEDY AT LTSS, MAS3.
A Husband Charged with Throwing Keroasne
Over His Wife and Than Setting Her On
Fire? The Body Found by Neighbors iu
the Burning House with the Flesh
Dropping 0 if Piecemeal.
Boston, Nor. 18, 1KT1.
One of the most brutal and luhuiuuu tragedies
which ever horrified am community was enacted
In Lynn last night, ami Is to-day tue leading topic
of conversation In that city. The actors were a
man named JonnU. Clinton, about forty-three year*
of age, a barber by trade, ami bis wile, who wan
made the victim of treatment, that could only be
expected from a tieud, she having been shockingly
beaten and then
LITEKAU.Y KO ASTRO TO DEATH.
The scene of the affair wan on Howard street, in
one of the small wooden house.* which are sot back
from the street, and accessible b y menus of narrow
alleyways from the street. The parties lived In the
rear ot No. 3a, the family consisting or Clinton, Ills
wile and four boys, ranging In age Irom three to
seventeen j ears. About half-past eight o'clock last
evening two women, named Margaret Browu and
Charlotte Moody, who lived almost directly in front
of Clinton's house, had their atteution called to the
latter by the sound of heavy blows, screatulug and
groaning which proceeded from it. As the sounds
increased the two women went out and
listened Iwneatn the winnow.*, but tho
Bounds suddenly ceased and all was quiet.
They then returned to their houses, but
In about fifteen minutes were again disturbed bv
the same noises, which thev ngaiu sought to trace
out as before, but the sounds ceased as they had
previously done.
After this everything remained quiet until about
ten minutes past nine o'ciock when the same
women discovered that the house was on tire inside.
An alarm wu-i at once raised, and ihree men, named
David Lee, Frellnghuysen Moody and Fred Walton,
rushed into the house with buckets. On en.
tering they found tbat there was tire
on a table In the front room, also
In an entry way which led up stair*, and a pile In
the middle of the floor, consisting of what
APPKAKED TO BE A BUNDLE OF CLOTHING,
was also burning, uu examining the tatter it was
found to be the body of Mrs. Clinton, horrtoly
bruised and burned in most sickening manner.
The clothing was almost entirely burned from the
body, which was scorched anu roasted. The flumes
were put out witn some difficulty. One report
Is that while tho men were endeavor
ing to extinguish the tiro the poor victim
llirew up one of her arms and breathed per
ceptibly, but another, and probably the correct,
story is that life had left tho body when it was dis
covered. About tnree feet from the head or the vic
tim lay the fragments of a kerosene lamp, which
had been borrowed from a neighbor on that night,
and traces of the oil were also seen on different
parts of the floor. City Marshal Hnrrett aud two
officers went at once to the place. Clinton was
STANDING OVEIt TUE E01)Y OP HIS WIFE,
doing nothing, hut appealing considerably affected.
He was arrested, taken to tho station bouse and
locked up. One of the sons, named Frank, a lad
ten years of age, who was llrst to enter
the house says that he had been attending an even
ing school that night, and had returned lioiuo just
as the tire was discovered. He went into the honso
and saw his mother burning on the floor. Recol
lectlng that his little brother was probably upstairs
abed he rushed np and met his latner comma
down. He found his brother, took bim down stairs
and into a neighboring house. As soon as the flames
bad been extinguished Coroner J. O. Plnkham was I
called in, and he ordered the body of the woman to
be earned lo the police station, which was lln mo
di a'.ely done.
Tue Coroner then summoned a Jury, wno viewed
ine body and tliun adjourned.
Al'l'E All ANcK OF THK BODY.
Tho corpse presented a sickening sight. There
were marks of violence on tlio head, consisting or
two or three cuts, looking ai though they had been
made with somo dull instrument. On the breast
were alio wounds whicn appeared to have been
caused by something beside the flames. The leatures
I were renJered unrecognizable, and the hair was
burned clo.se to the head, leaving the skull oare a:id
horribly crisped and black, tho flesh dropping from
the hau ls, arms and body, rendering It a sight
winch could not be behold without a shudder at the
awful atrocity of the crime and the blackness of the
soul that could execute It.
TUB HUSBAND AND rilHONER'S STORY.
The husband and prisoner has said very little, but
to!d a brief story. It is that he was In oed up
stairs about nlue o'clock, all tieing quiet, when his
little boy came rnshlng up and told him the hou?e
was on tiro, lie went down and foun I his wifo
lying on the floor in the condition in which she was
found by the three men.
The belief that the mail is guilty is almost uuiver
sal. Oue theory of the aiiair Is that he had soiue
difficulty with his wire, durlu:.' which he threw tho
Kerosene lamp at her, striking her on the breast
ana inflicting tho wounds referred to; that the on
scattered over her clothing and the
FLAMKS W E It B INU.vI.EI> BY THE VICTIM.
Other people flrmly believo that the monster
killed her bv blows and then actually set fire to tho
body, leaving it to burn. Ills previous character
has been rather had, lie has beeu known In Lyun
for upwards of twentv years, though not constantly
a resident, and during that time? ror the past two
or three years? he has carried on the business of a
barber at the Kaliroad House on Market street, and
has been known as a man much given to drinkiDg
and of an exceedingly bad temper. There has ire
qucnily been trouble between Mm and his wife,
rartiy caused by tjie fact that the latter was pos
sessed oi some property which lie could not have me
control of. The officers have been frequently called
into his house to quell dlsimlmnces, and Clinton
has been before the Police Co in on one or two
occasions lately. Coroner Pinkham Is to make a
full investigation of the uildir.
NATIONAL CONGREGATIONAL COUNCIL.
An Appml to Kebuiltl ibo CliurctivN of (.'lit.
cnn.
Obcrliv, Ohio. Nov. is, 1871.
The National Congregational Council opened the
fourth day's session as usual, with devotional exer
cises. Dr. Post, of St. Louis, chairman of the Com
mittee oil Unity of tho Church, made a report,
winch was incorporated in the records of tho Coun
cil as a part 01 lis organic work. Itev. Air. Cham
iieriin, of Chicago, gave an interesting account 01 the
New Kugland chureiies at Chicago as 'alloc led by die
laic Ore, appealing to ail churches to iu<i in rebuild
ing atxi restoring tliem to their good work. .iev.
h. H. Weob, of Bmtou, chairman of the Gommtttco
on Church Literature, made a report and submitted
a resolution commending the ('ougregationul Pub
lisnmg .society as worthy to receive pecuiuury sup
port of caurches. Rev. J. P. Longworlhy, ol llos
tou, addressed the Council 011 iho Congregational
House in Do* ton, and the Council pledged their
support to this house. Tue Council appointed a
coiiiumtee to sum up Hi actio i of the Council.
in the afternoon session of the Congregational
Council several resolutions were alopie.l upon edu
cation ol young men lor the ministry, the support
.01 the American Educational Sooie.y, ine support of
theological seminaries Congregational colleges,
consecration ol children to the ministry and encour
agement or young men to enier the ministry.
At naif-past three o'clock the Council adjourned
to participate in the exercises of layuia the corner
stone of tne Oberlin University. Addresses were de
livered ?iv the President, J. M. Kaitciuld, of oiierlin
ollege; Itev. l>r. Waicott, of Cleveland; t.eneiiil O.
O. Hi ward, of Washington: Rev. William J. Dud
dihgioii, ol Brooklyn, and others.
VIEWS OF TH3 PAST.
NOVTJiiBKK 19.
1870? A French rorce. under Itlcclottl Garibaldi, de
feaied tne Prussians at Clint iuon-*ur-soitic.
1869? Lope/,, tne Dictator or Paraguay, abandoned
ids lorces and fled to the N >rtli.
1809? Bade of Means, Spain; tho Krench forces of
soult and Morner deleaie I the Spaniards.
1792? The National Convention declared tho irater
ruty of tne Frencn people wit n all people de
siring to be free, and odered them aid.
SMALLPOX IN PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Pa., Nov. is, 1871.
The health renort ror the week ending to-day
shows i <3 deaths from amaimox? an lucreaso of 32
over last week.
GOTHAM'S BEAUTIES.
A Pen Photograph of Hew York City on Sat
urday Afternoon? Costumaa oa the Ave
nue? The Park and the Matinees.
Ah, how blue the skies are, how perfect la the
sunshine. The world Is flooded with light; tno air
is lull of buoyancy: the streets are lined with beau
tiful sights, autl or all days tht.s is the one for a
promenade up liroadway au<l a stroll through Fifth
avenue to the Park. Evidently a good many people
thlnK so, for Broadway is full of la-lioa. and misses
and children. sauntering along In the gay holiday
sun, grouping before the shop windows, chatting
about fashions and what they shall wear at the
next bull, and criticising or praising tue costumes
In i he street. Now wo are above Tenth street, and
we shall see the orirn.' de la cr&n of New or*
bolledom. brigut, high bred faces, elegant ngutes,
rich dresses are tue rule. Lovely child nan, a-H ?ela
borately dressed as tlielr mothers and as gay JW late
autumn flowers, flash lu and out among the crowds.
What a brilliant picture Is Fourteenth street, with
Dillon square lying in tho clear, sparkling light;
the magnificent buildings, with all their lines
clear cut; the transparent windows, gleaming
with jewels or glowiug witn the sott,
rich coiois within? India shawls, trench
ami German wraps, cloths cf every hue
ribbons and laces, and cnarmlng, cosily trifles;
velvets that hold in their depths the very soul of
color; silts heavy with richness, and, more than all
this still life, the ever-shlftlug scenes upon ihe pro
menade, the high-stepping horses in tho street, the
elegant carriages and the happy loner rs within
them, on their way to the open drives oi the l\irk.
"Oh, what a beautiful suit wuat a buaurtMal
suit
The voice was so clear and distinct that halt a
dozen persons turned rouml to see what had called
out such an enthusiastic exclamatlou. It was, in
deed. a charming suit, exactly tho thing lor
a fresh, cold, sunsuiuy, autumn day; not particu
larly expensive, bat gracclul, lull ol soit, flow lug
lines, harmonious In color aud suitable to all tue
surroundings. A deei> plum colored serge, so deep
that the i nits seemed hidden uway in the suit,
clinging material, w.is made with a siiirt that just
cleared me pave. The do nee at tue bottom was
Hi teen Inches deep, in clusters ol lour kill pleat s,
with spaces of equal width. Hie upper edge 01 t he
flouiiuc was turneu in and studied iiat 10 iiie sKirt,
ami at tue middle it was couiined with a row or
stitching. The overskirt was loug aud draped hign
at. tue slil' <ud back, and trimmed witu two flat
bauds of in*' material piped witn black silk. Hie
edge wa- ii i nod wnn irltige. A tiilma, consisting
ot short su. 'n and cape, with bands, piping aud
lringe com, ved the suit, \\un tins was worn a
hat oi bn-k velvet with very snallow brim and
high r >wn, heavily trimmed with black, ostrieu
leatuc linen coll i turned over a mack gros
grains i'' dotted with blue and tied in a sailor s
knot/ ai muff aud plum gloves Uulsiied the
COStUUlfc.
there is moro beauty in tuat serge than in that
velvet polonaise, absolutely covered with em
broidery, just ahead of us ihere, savs a realistic
little lady near by. Wiiy ca..'t peoide wuo have
money be satlsaed, without making an advertise
ment of them.soives? They never nndersiaud ti.at
showy clothes are lor the drawiug room aud Hie
carriage, uud noilorthe stieet.'T
??For my part," says her escort. "1 think such au
exquisite material as velvet Is completely spoiled oy
being covered with a maze ol silk leaves, and roses,
and vines. A costume 10: the street should give
pleasure, witnotit calling partlculai attention to the
weaier, oy i w grace and suitableness.
From broadway to nun aveiruo is Imt a step, anil
ouce on the lashlouabie thoroiighiare, groups or
beautiluk ladies in line array meet one at every step,
black cacheuure is in bl|;ii lavor, aud uotiiiug cau
bo prettier, mauled or embroidered, and trimmed
with drooping lringe, than the jaunty jackets aud
giacetui Marguerites worn w inn black silk.
The colors peculiar to ihe present autumn aio
especial. attractive and suitabli! lor tue street,
uemg at the same tune rich and quiet. The deepest
Kreeii, m fact on.y a hint or green; plum, of
diiierent shtuios; browo^. with au linieacribiitilB
areeuisli liut giving a bron/.e appeal auce; chest
nut color; a sott gray called mouse color, ana
many tints equally pretty. Tho prevailing ricn
materials are often trimmed with velvet to matcu
in nut. cash me re Is seen in the lasuiunable coiois,
and sontei uues is mingled witu silk.
The cuiidreu on the avenue are quite as attractive
as tea grandm <ln men, aud more so to the lovers
oi children. A little ten-yeur-oid wears a dress or
black cashmere, the under skirt trimmed with Ave
bias ru.Uos liued aud pipi:d at each edge wun hiuo
cashmere. Ihe upper skirt nas oue bounce, with
one ruule trimmed in the same manner, a basque
Is worn over the high corsage, lined ami piped with
blue. A black mountaineer hat, with a tult of blue
leathers at ihe side, Is worn with tills dress, bright
plaids are st-eu in prolusion; and the wide-awake
utile masters, in tiieir velveteen suns, are not a
whit iieiund their sisters in tue giory of their
The Park was full of lire yesterday on drive and
walk aod playground, 'l'he children were out in
lorce, It being their Saturday holiday, and the loveiy
wen tue r enticed pleasure seeders by the li..uurcd.
The Park ls bcauinul at all seasons. Kacn inonili
has a beauty oi its own, and now. in November, it is
almost as charming as in June. The eiuis and ma
ples are bare, but a tree is never ugly, ror, when the
leaves disappear, there is the wonderiul net
work or branches and the HUbiime idea
ol strength that It expresses, uut the
evergreens contrast finely with the sober hues or
tho beeches and birches denuded of their foliage,
and a dasii ol scarlet lingers in the vines that .ire
massed on tho rustic bridges and picturesque ar
bots. It is worm one's while to sit in oue ol these
cosev nooks and watch ilie arriage.s as they flash
by luil oi beauty und mirth aud jollity, or ol de
formity and age. Ttie swiiily-turuing wheels glisten
in the sun. the nervous horses spurn the ground
irom their thoroughbred leet. Hie lovely ladies
chat ana smile, the children laugh uproariously und
tue wnole picture is lull ol light and movement and
The prettiest dress in the Park was maroon drap
d'Ote with soil, ample uraping, an India wrap and
maroon velvet bonimt ol a peculiar cap shape, very
quaint and high, and richly trimmed with maroon
^Lateon Saturday the matlnfe goers fill the streets.
What a brilliant crowd they are, chatting Bayly of
this or that ravorlte? singer, player, or uanseuse.
line scarcely realizes wituout being up town at this
nour now many ladies attend the in amies. Uaiuiiiy
booted and gloved, costumed faulilessly, it is a
pleasant sight lo see them tile in long procession up
the street to their elegant nomes, or driven by tho
liveried coachmen through tlie crowded thorough
fares.
LABOR AND CAPITAL
The I<nbor Reform MovemnDt? Letter* from
Senators Wilton, Spencer and C'hry to tiie
Committee? Demnnd for Specie Currency.
Washington, I). C., Nov. is, i?i7l.
The Committee oa Organization of the Labor lie
form movement lias received tlie loilowlng letters:-?
LETTER FitOM SENATOR WILSON, OP M ASSACQUHKritt.
NAT10E, Not. II. 1871.
liKNTl.EMKN? Your circular came to bund to-day and I
haaton to acknowledge III receipt. I cannot, Willi oiv view*
of propriety, join In th movement. lam a republican by
conviction a* well ns association. Born in extreme por
env, (K)ilild as an apprentice at an earl, a gr. 1 learned by
bitter expend ch tho trial* and liiirdaiilp* the poor
ne t? miller, From boyhood every pulia
tion ol' tnv heart baa been In sympathy with tne aon*
and daughter! of toll of all race*. Mv early eiperlence*
tn?<lr i. e abhor wrong and oppreaaion, an I early became an
enemy of slaver? and of the rue ol the *ia?e niaater. 1 taw
an l leit the degrading inlluenoi ol a ayateni that held work
luginen in enforced loll, that aliowe i capital to own tabor.
For more tnan twenty yeara I alrove to make a political
power to emancipate the alave and end the iron rule of bi?
niKKter. The republican natty came into being to break the
pow er of the ownera of labor and to de.lver the laborer? to
11a from the browa of workingmen the dlahonor of enforced
toll, ami to make our country a glorious land, where labor
o.ia look up lu the mldal of ita loll. I did what I could to
bring thai party Into helm;. It haa done a grand work lor
the country, and for the toiling men of the country, and ol the
world, too! Hlatory record* no nobler achievements. Ita
w rk I* not yet a?i ure, hor ta it completed. I can do
nothing to endanger that work, nor can 1 do anything to
arreat the completion ol the work luipoied upon the repub
lican party bv the nee le ol the ronntry md the logic ol lla
own principle*, tbat require It lo be aa true to tne Intereaia
of white worklngiurn aa d haa been to the Intereaia of the
black workingmen. I am conatrtlned by an imperative
aenae of duty to atmd by the republican party till Ita great
work la secured and llDiahed. Rut whatever I am to do ahall
ever lie done to aid In Improving, elevating and rewarding
la or. Ir you. gentlemen and othera. demn It to be your
doty to enter into t bis movement I hope your labor* will con
tribute to the interest* of tbe country and 01 ibe tolling
maaaea of our countrymen. Voure Inily,
MhNRY WIIjBOlf.
To Al.KXANtian M. R*NN?nT, A. T. Caiius K. McMurrat
an i N. K. Kkhhtonb, Committee.
LBITER KK'JM SENATOR KPKNCBR, OF ALARAMA.
W jt Hill NOTOlv, Nov. 15, 1871.
UBNTMMKV? I have the honor V) acknowledge ihe re
ceipt of vottr circular letter and credential ol the <th lnat. nl,
an 1 In reply would beg leave to itale thai I deeply aympa
thtze with tho labor organisations, trade* umona and brother
hoods of mechanic* and laborer* of the country in all their
efforts to promote tlie welfare and happiness of thoae whose
calling la that of toll. Tbo respectability of labor, id Ita tierce
struggle with the tyranny of capita I* a consummation
vitally e?*eniial to the weliare and proaperltyot the republic,
ami will command my endeavor* and aervlce* whenever and
wnerevnr they mar be needed. Very reapecttully your*,
OkOHuK K. SPtNCEB.
I.ETTKR FROM HON S. F. CAKY.
Cincinnati, Ohio, Noy. 14, MU.
(IrNTi.HMri*? I am In receipt or your circular letter of itie
7th. I very much regret that a previous engage ment wrti pie
venl my attending Ihe propmed convention to be hel.i in
Waahin^ton on the Sth promno. I will tnml cheerfully unite
In any movement which loo** to the overthrow of the many
monopolies which are now robbing the industrial olanees of
their earnings. I he waale of the public landa, the protective
tariif, the Internal revenue lyatem, tlie national bank*, the
coin payment* of currency bond*, thw funding schemes, the
railroad combinations, conititute a perfect network from
which the laboring clasae* mmt emancipaie themselves or
be the mere of the vile aristocracy. Above all thing*
dem.md a monetary ayatam which thail require of tiie na
tional government the issue of absolute money a legal lander
lor ihe pavment of ad debla. Including custom* dulic*, and
have no oilier circulating medium.
He^rettlng that I cannot join in your deliberation*, and
wUUng von a ifOQtt time, 1 remain tours for thorough re
al tk. It. IIAHI,
CUBA
The Arrest and Exile of Political
Offenders Continued.
Banishment of the Swediih Connri?
Naval Reports.
TILLCP/W TO THE WFW YORK HEBAUL
Havana, Nov. 1*. 187T.
The government has recently made an<l continent
to make arrests oi person" more or leas Implicated
la the rebellion In this Island.
The prisoners are sent to the Isle ot Plnea Tor saf?
keeping.
As the evidence in some of tbeso rases fs admitted
to he hardly sumcirnt for conviction it Is considered
the safest policy to removo the accused to soma
other point ano avoid the agitation and disturbance
likely to be caused by their irtal in the courts of this
city.
The Consul or Sw-den at this port has been ban
ished from the islaoo and salU to-morrow in lb?
French steamer for St. Nay. aire, lie Is charged
with acting as the agent of Sertor Aid una and otner
well known Cuban refugees.
NAVAI. NKWS.
The Spanish man-of-war Zaragoza arrived to-aay
from .Santiago de Cuba.
A Spunl-h war steamer has been sent to Uaytu
1 he oark Kosevelt, lrom New Vork, has arrived.
A dENSA IION SPOILED.
Not m, an* ot ^'oiMonlnf.
Coroner Schlrmer yestorday morning field an 1D>
quest In the case of 1'atrlck llurry, the youtn of
eighteen rears, lau) of iu west street, who died. as
was alleged, trom the effects of aiseulcal poisoning
A report had been circulated th.it deceased had
oaten a salt liernnir whioii hail be otno impregnated
wnli ars"in<: 011 shipboard, ihe mother and otbw
friends of deceased insisted that le nad eaten do
fish tor several davs. Deputy coroner Cusiimau and
Dr. Healy made a post-mortem examination on the
body alia louud thut cerebral apoplexy was the
cause of death. Tuns ends wnat some of the morn
ing journals sought to make a ttrsi clans sensation.
Cautaui Thorn, or the Twenty. sixth precinct, aud
Captain I ill, oi the Sanitary force, were at the ship
aboard of which It was narire I tleie was a large
quantity or poisoned lish, in order to take charge of
It il necessary. Coroner Scliiruier took no action
in regard to the fish, aud left the matter entirelf
in tne hands oi the iioard oi Health.
MURDERED AND JDLVODRED BY H003.
A Womnn at Grand Tower*, III., slannliti'Kd
lu her House by KufllniM.
St. Louis, Mo., Nov. 18, 1871.
Pranoes Shumakcr, a poor woman living ncav
Grand Towers, ill., was brutally murdered last Mon
day night, she was first attacked in her house aud
beaten with a club, but escaped and was lollowea
and struck with an axe and her nead almost seveied
lrom her bod v. .When found tue rema'ins werg
nearly devoured by hogs. No ciue has been o?
tamed to the murderers.
MAGNANIMOUS STATE ATTORNEYS.
Na.hiivij.lk, Tenn., Nov. 18, 1971.
E. W. Ewlng, W. F. Cooper and W. B. Itecse, State
Attorneys in the dc inquent railroad cuses, have ad
dressed a communicaiion to the Tennessee Legisla
ture In explanation of melr demand for largo fees*
and the taking possession of $72,000 in State bonds,
requesting that the bondft b? lei t wild
the State Commissioners or such other oillcor
as the Legislature inav direct. They will make no
charge for tueir services, but will abandon ail claim
to the bondB and leave the whole matter to the
sense of justice ol the Legislature. Tills course wag
adopted because two of the Commissioners had ex
pressed the opinion tli.it the fees were too large.
A committee was appointed by the Legislature to
receive the deposit of the bonds from the StatB.
Comptroller.
A.? Herring's !*n.i?nt
CHAMPION SAFES*.
ill tiru&dway, no mar Murray ties*
A.? Pbulon'n New I'erliiiiinit,
"1 LOVE YOU"
ami "WHITE 11038."
A.?' Though I'npret' ndintr in Outward Ap
pearance, we Jo not know of any other store that 1* stocked
with richer assortment ot WDtiemeu't HATS than Ertl'EN
t llKl 1 or a urealer variety, all ot hl? own miinulactnra.
llii Silk Dress Fiata, of most exquisite limsh, urn sold I'or *7,
an warranted superior to any ?>I<1 in Bioa .way lor 4MS M
even ta. (Jive blm a call, at lis Natuu street,
A? llell SrliimiM'N.? I lie I'nprfcedented tie.
in 'i ml that our celebrated Bell Schnapps l* meeting with
throughout t tie country Induces us to state thai It is pro
nounced l>y physicians ami merchants to be the purest and
most reliable article of Schnapps Imported Irum Holland.
Dealers who will compare our schnapps with others lathe
market will hnd lliern In eveiy war am erlor.
IJ. U. WOLFE A CO., Iff South Wil'iam street,
stnc proprietors.
Al.-f Jttoat llearllly Rernmmend Wnlfs*
N I- KVOUS ANfl l>OTli as a must valuable riedlclue tm
cases of approaclitnir Paralysis, severe Neuralu'a nnd other
Nervous Disease*. S. M. UALLORY, M. i)., 481 Kourih ar.
At Ptemlne's* f urrier.? Illink Spt?, S-'-l As*
trakan if IJ; Alnska, #12: Black Martin Sets, H'J8; Chlliirer
$1 5o to $6; Children's Fur and Fur Irirume I Caps.
Ancrll's Turkish Hatha. T.exintflon Avrnse^.
corner Twenty-fillti street. ?iientlemen day anil nigbti.
la lies day an.l evening; best ventilation; blithest tempera
lire; best shampooing; no gratuities; Europe outdone.
At Alr?, VViun nnd I'orter nnd Jamison's
Irish Whiskey, seven vears old, very superior.
JOHN J. STAFF, IU Chambers street.
A.? If Von Witnt f'untoin Woik, l?o.at >Tn?
terlal, so to CUAS. FRANK'S BOOT and SHOE STORK, a*
Nassau street, Established 1441.
Alexin nsls-l^rvenl Stork Kver Offered nt
retail panic prices. Soil llats, Mta. to $1 50.
C. o. U. HAT COMPANY, 16 Cortiandt street
A.?
Mr. ALEXANDER WHITE,
of Chicago, has placed his entire collection of Paintings on
exhibition at the
Lcavitt Art Rooms,
817 Broadway, comer Twelfth street, comprising the Hantei*
pieces and Uems of the
Qreat Modern Masters.
The entlro receipts from this ezhibllloD will he devoted to
th? relief ot the arttsls of Chicago, many of wbom are left
entirely destitute by the late continuation In that city.
OEOHQE A. LKAVITT A CO.
BntriiolorN Malr l?vr? I'lic (l*?r In th?
world the only perfect dye harmless, reliable, Instantaneous
At all 1i l|H_ltl>
Chernller'n ljl'r l?r (be Hnir Rntorr*
grav hair, stops tbe falling out, Increase* It* growth. Re
commeuded by pbyiiciu.ui. _____
Diamond* liontrlit nnd Money I.onned ?a
the in. IJEOROE C. ALLEN, 841 H roadway, near Four
teenth itreeL
l>rmik<*nn<>MM or Opium llnlilt far c?f by Tfrm
BEERS, IU7 Fourth avenue. Call or Mud stamp for evldenoa
Donornn'n r.itdi???> nnd <?Vnrlrmcn>* |{r?tna
rent.? Tsble d'Hote and 1'rtvate Dinner. No. East Twelfth
street, near Flftn avenue.
futon llnpldni Hlrh.-",M?*nrtlr Kpriag
WATER." Depot, CRITTEN TON'S, No. 7 Strtn avenue.
For Diamond*, Waiclir* nnd Jfwelrv, lio ta
GEORGE C. ALLEN, 841 Broadway, near fourteenth ltreeu
From Pari* Direct? Our Own Importation?
Sleeve Buttons, Heart Pins, Medallion*, 8o?r tin Chains,
Ac., oil I in the extreme; Royalties nrvvr before imported,
well worth seeing. JACOBS A MNUIChK,
M3 Broadway, corner of Bleecker itreeC
Cilenhnin Hotel and Uciuaram,
165 Fifth avenue,
between Twentr-flut and l wenty-se.iand streets, New Yor'a
ALBERT H. I HAS EV, i'roprietor
"Plk*"'* Toothache Drop*" Cure In Onr Mla>
nte. HILL'S II A 1 K D* E. black or brown, only JO cents.
Reform Mflmulantis.? The (irenr Majority
of the brand* of whiskey sold at the present time are ta tin
pure, bad und corrupt as the poilticfcma who hare broken
down tbe ncmocralic part? and set ail conservative, wall
balanced mindii thinning about reform. A Utile c< acertivt
action among retail dealers and consumers of whiskey would
beneUl both, .mil drive out of emsience brands whole sharp,
acrid flavor denotes their impure character. Mlilng down
with spirits, or reduclu? Ihetr strength. won't save them any
more than tbe mliliiK of the Ring newspapers saved tha
King. CENTURY WIIIKKhY is pure, mellow and whole
some; baa been analysed by four prominent chemists, all of
whom prounce It "without fault It is tree Iron fiuel ott.
yet retains all the essential oils. No whiskey Ua the world
can compare with it. For sale by flrst class jrocera, drug
giits and ilealers every where. Ask for It and vrv It; It wll
recomineud Itself. Wholesale depot, 17'J an i 175 Chamotra
street.
Hoyal Havana lottery.? The IU?hrat Rates
paid for Doubloons, all kintU of lol l and sl ver.
TAYLOR 4 CO., Hanker H Wall s'.rfrM, Xew York.
Smallpox Cured nnd Prevented bf W?l*
LANE'S INDIAN REM F DY, to be had- at J.I Ce??ties slipw
New York, and iui Fourth avenue. So .th Urooklyu.
The Wllaon Shuttle "inwlrn Mlfklns? Tbs
be*tmJ oao.vwst irtt oli?? m*oh:oee Inni w irl.1; urlot
Iroui $lil #UI; U( myflMM, M?irw^W Krulaaf
Trn^aea, shoulder llracea, E'ssilr Stark*
Inga, Abdominal Supporters. ,tr_, Ac. Dr. OLOVKR,
10 Ann Street, adjoltuug Herald oUJce.
I'dolpho tlslU'N Nrh'Mam 4romalle
SCHNAPPS A morj the complaints for which tbo
8i IINAFI'N has been declared a spectiio ny the eminent
phvstclana who have rwrespon '*<i with the proprietor ara
dropsy, dyspepsia, debllltv consequent upon Ions-continued
siokueas and old aft*, epilepsy, asthma, gravoi, olio, alTeo
tlous of the Kidney*, and all curomo disease*. For ilieae and
many otner disorders It Is now prescribed, with great suo
eess by more than three tjim.*and medio*! mraultitOOeri la
Tai loua uarts of the UrUa.1 suttA