t.
The Spy aAouM have the eye of Argus: he it
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCESTER
ri »DAV. 04 TOBEK 17. IM7I.
Kxtrnt ot the Calamity.
There have been many conflicting statements
ns to the extent ot the burnt district in Chicago,
most of them extremely vague and some appar
ently much exaggerated, if they may he safely
tested by others more definite and detailed. The
one which appears to be ftost trustworthy,
though, when one attempts to follow its lines on
a map of the city, it is not quite intelligible, is
attributed to a gentleman who has lived in Chi
cago eighteen years, was formerly city surveyor
and is still a prominent surveyor of the city.
His practical acquaintance with the subject and
his technical skill would seem to make him a
competent authority. The boundaries of rhe
burned district as defined by him arc these:
“On the south, beginning at the corner of De
koven and Jefferson streets, rhe line runs diag
onally to the lake at the corner of Congress
street and Michigan avenue. The lake bounds
the limit of the fire on the cast. On the west
the burned district is bounded by a diagonal
line from Dekovcnstreet to Adams street bridge;
thence due north about on the line of Market
street, where the tire crossed the main river;
thence again on an irregular line, a little west
of north, touching the north branch of the river
at Ontario street; thence north along the river
to Chicago avenue. At this point the track of
the tire left the river, and proceeding northward
reached the corner of Hurlbert and Centre
streets, west of Lincoln park; thence on to Bel
den avenue at the northern limit of the city.
The entire area of this conflagration will not
exceed 1200 acres, a space thirty times as large
as Boston common. The average dimensions cf
this area ate half a mile east and west by three
and a hall miles north and south.”
Other accounts have represented the area
burned over to be no less than 2600 acres, or
nearly seven miles long from north to south,
and two miles in width. This, or something
like it, we believe, was Gov. Brass’ statement.
In regard to the number of persons made home
less, it is not yet possible to arrive at a satisfac
tory estimate. One hundred and fifty thousand
is the usual statement, and no one, that we re
member, puts it at much less than one hundred
thousand. The latter number cannot much ex
ceed the truth, if it does not rather fall below it.
An approximate estimate can be formed,
assuming the limits of the fire to be those given
above, by considering the population of each
ward, as given in the report of the last census.
Two wards, those numbered eight and nine,
were almost entirely burned over. These were
the most populous of any, and, together, had
more than fifty thousand people within their
limits, all of whom must have been deprived of
home and shelter. Of ward seven, much less
than half the area is within the burned district,
but the part devastated seems to have been oc
cupied chiefly by dwelling houses, very closely
built, and inhabited by people of the poorer
class. Of wards five and six the same may be
said. In wards one, two, three and lour, it is
not easy, with no better information than we
possess, to judge what proportion of the inhabi
tants dwelt within the desolated area;
but, guided by the numerous accounts
of the character of the buildings destroyed in
that section, the south division, it seems reason
able to suppose that half the population of those
wards were burned out of house and h* me.
These four wards had a population of 50,697;
wards 5, 6 and 7 together had 44,865 inhabitants.
Half of those living in these seven wards,
with all those in wards 8 and 9, make an
aggregate of 98,509 homeless people in the city.
We think this estimate is not extravagant, es
pecially in consideration of. the fact that a re
vision of the census of Chicago, made by the
city authorities this year, gave a population
greater by 30,000 than the United States census
of 1870, and tiie larger part of the difference,
whether it was increase or error, would prob
ably be found in these densely peopled localities
which the great tire has swept.
As evidence of the elasticity with which
Chicago business men recover from the crushing
blow they have received, we have been shown a
circular, issued on Wednesday last by H. B.
Cragin Co., a firm dealing apparently in iron,
in which they inform their correspondents that
they have been entirely burnt out, like all other
wholesale houses, but propose to go on imme
diately. They bad secured a lot on the lake
front, began building on the 11th, expect to be
ready for business this week, and request orders
for goods for which their customers can wait a
few days. With such energy, courage ami
promptness as this the merchants of Chicago
need only such reasonable forbearance and aid
as eastern capitalists can give them to rebuild
their city more substantially and restore it with
the least possible delay to its former posi
tion in relation to the trade and business of the
country.
The City Hoopitnl.
It is gratifying to announce that the arrange
ments for opening this institution have been
nearly all completed, so that, in the course of a
very lew days, it will be ready for the reception
ot the class of patients whom it is specially de
signed to accommodate.
As some misapprehension may exist in regard
to the character of the hospital, it may be well
to state that the Act of the Legislature author
izing the establishment of this institution, pro
vides that the city us Worcester “may erect, es
tablish and maintain a hospital for the reception
of persons who, by misfortune or poverty, may
require relief during temporary sickness/’ The
city ordinance relating to this institution
passed in June last—declares that,
“The city hospital is established fortlie recep
tion ol those only who require temporary reliel
during sickness- The Trustees may, however,
admit other persons to the institution, tempora
rily, when necessity requires, but such persons
shall be removed toother appropriate public in
stitutions, as soon as their condition will per
mit.”
The beginning, of course, must necessa.ily be in
asma.l way, the only resources at present availa
ble tot the support of the hospital being the
000 appropriated in May last,by a vote ol the city
council. When, however, the great need of such
accommodations as this institution will supply,
shall be more generally understood, and the
amount of distress that it will relieve shall be
fully appreciated by the community generally,
there is abundant reason to hope that the sphere
ol its usefulness will not long continue to be
measured by the slender assistance that it can
receive from the city treasury. The noble sym
pathy of the citizens of Worcerter so generously
manifested, during the past week, in behalf of a
devastated city a thousand miles away, has by
no means exhausted itself. As they have not
failed in the past, so, in the future, the fountains
of the charity of a cultivated, Christian people
will never cease to flow; and it cannot be
doubted that the benevolent, and those who
would layup treasure in heaven, by giving or
bequeathing means for relieving human suffer
ing, will from time to time remember the
afflicted, against some of whom, in the hour of
their heaviest calamity, it is a possible contin
gency that the doors of this hospital may be
obliged to be closed through lack of pecuniary
aid.
Tbe city ordinance, defining the powers and
duties of the board of trustees to whose hands
the administration of this charitable institution
has been intrusted, docs not empower them to
build or to purchase, but only “to lease suita
ble buildings and laud for the purposes of a bos
pital/’ Such buildings, centrally located, as
they obviously should be, were not easy to be
found. Alter careful research and inquiry,
however, it was finally decided that the best ac
commodations to be obtained, all things con
sidered, would be afiotded by tbe “Bigelow es
tate,” on tbe corner of Front and Church streets.
Accordingly, this property has been rented by
the trustees, and the ancient mansion-house
thereon has lieen very judiciously fitted up for
the comfortable accommodation of the class of
persons to whom the city will extend, in this
way, a helping hand. It was deemed necessary
to introduce city water into the building, to fit
up a commodious bathing room in it, to light it
by gas, to warm it with a furnace, to connect
Its drainage with tbe public sewer, to provide
adequate means of ventilation, &c., &c. The
whole interior of the house bud to be painted,
and nearly all the rooms have been newly pa
pered bu&e id these various improvements were
difficult to plan aud execute, on account of the
WfoW jbeyenprgble mansion
was built ninety or more years ago, and the
widely different uses to which it has now to
be adapted. Nevertheless, the old homestead
lias neither been startled from its propriety, nor
has it opposed any stubborn resistance to the
changes it has had to undergo during the pro
gress of its peculiar modernization, under the
direction of a. medical commission. Like a
tractable patient, it has kindly submitted to
necessary treatment, and with such satisfactory
results that—if a favorable augury may be
drawn from the success of this preliminary case
—the future prosperity of the hospital seems to
be measurably assured. In every part of it the
evidences of the careful forethought, sound
judgment, and general good management of the
committee of the board of trustees, under whose
supervision all this has been accomplished, are
apparent. What if the first occupants of this
ancient dwelling, with its massive chimneys,
broad-throated fireplaces, stone hearths, and
quaint furniture, could now look in upon it,
and then out upon the teeming city around it!!
hi a word, this unpretentious building has
been so judiciously fitted up us a hospital, that
it promises to be exceedingly well adapted for
the accommodation of the small number of pa
tients—twelve or fifteen at most—of whom the
trustees for the present can assume charge.
At a recent meeting of the board of trustees,
Dr. J. G. Paikwas unanimously elected super
intendent and resident physician, and the follow
ing named medical gentlemen visiting physi
cians, namely: Drs. R. Woodward, Geo. A. Bates,
0. Martin, Henry Cla.’ke, Joseph N. Bates,!'. H.
Gage, J. Marcus Rice, E. Warner, George E.
Francis, Albert Wood, J. G. Park and H. Y.
Simpson.
These visiting physicians have been invited to
serve, two at a time, for periods of two months
each, the assignment and distribution of their
attendance having been made in this way
Drs Woodward and Park, from the opening of the
hospital to January. 1872.
Drs G A Bates and Warner, from January to
March, 1872.
Drs Martin and Wood, from March to May, 1872.
Drs Clarke and -I M Rice, from May to July, 1872.
Drs Jos N Bates and Francis, from July to Sep
tember, 1872.
Drs Gage and Simpson, from September to No
vember, 1872.
Drs. Joseph Sargent, Merrick Bemis and F.
H. Kelley have been appointed the consulting
physicians of the hospital.
The board of trustees is composed of the fol
lowing named gentlemen: Dr. F. H. Kelley,
president; George Jaques, secretary; Stephen
Salisbury, Jr., Sumner Pratt, Charles S. Childs,
Dr. Joseph Sargent, P. L. Moen.
The ordinance relating to the Hospital, pro
vides for the continuance of this board, and
lor the representation thereon of the aldermen,
the common council, and the citizens at mrge.
To bring these details down to the present
writing, it may be added that, at a meeting of
the trustees, last evening, the services of an ex
perienced matron were secured, and a carefully
digested code of Bules and Regulations lor the
government of the Hospital, were adopted.
Previous to the admission of any patients, the
Hospital is to be opened to the inspection of the
public. This will be at a very early date, and
due notice of the day will be seasonably given.
The fire in Chicago which destroyed a large
part of the city was started by the careless use
of kerosene in a stable. The fire marshal of New
York city uses this fact as the text of an address
to the citizens against the careless use of kerosene
which, he says, occasions a large proportion of
the fires in New York. All the burning fluids
made of petroleum are explosive, and, conse
quently dangerous. They may l>e produced in
flew forms with new names, and labeled “non
explosive;” but this cannot change their real
character. One “common but dangerous prac
tice” is specified, which may usefully be con
sidered elsewhere. It is the custom of turning
down the hgrht, at night, ou retiring, and allow
ing it to continue burning faintly. By this
means “the wick becomes encrusted and the tube
of the lamp heated, whereby a vapor is gener
ated,” which j J likely to cause explosion. This
practice, it is said, is the cause of many tires in
New York.
This warning against the careless use of kero
sene is needed, not only in New York city, but
in every place where dangerous “burning fluids”
are used; and the Chicago lesson suggests that
the sale and use of these fluids should be strin
gently regulated by law. The law must not al
low any person to use them without regard to
circumstances or consequences so long as such
reckless use of a kerosene lamp can cause the
burning of a city. There are already laws
against selling any of these fluids of so low a
quality that they will emit combustible vapor
when heated to a point below one hundred de
grees Farenheit. In some cases, one hundred
and ten degrees are specified; but, even the rule
thus prescribed by law, will not invariably pre
vent explosion; for the fluid in the lamp may
reach, occasionally, a higher degree ot heat.
The poor, cheap fluids are most dangerous, l>e"
cause they are liable to cause explosions at
lower temperatures. Doubtless, the danger in
cident to using the best fluids can be lessened by
constructing lamps very carefully, with a view
to safety; but the poorer fluids,which exist only
because they are “made to sell,” should not be
used in any lamp, no matter what may be said
of its safety. And yet, the poorer fluids are
everywhere offered for sale. In New York, every
scientific investigation has shown, that most of
the burning fluids offered for sale were much
below the standard required by law.
The president of the Franklin telegraph com
pany has announced, in a dispatch, that, since
the fire in Chicago, messages from mayors of
cities, boards of trade, committees to provide
for the sufferers, have been sent over his line to
that city free of charge. The same is true of
all the telegraph lines. In th’s respect, the lib
erality of the Franklin is precisely like that of
the other companies, although it has been stated
that “the other lines have doubled their usual
rates to Chicago,” which is a mistake. What
has been done in regard to rates is stated as fol
lows by a gentleman connected with one of the
companies, who is in a position to know:
“Both the Franklin and the Western Union
companies have stopped taking half-rate mes
sages to Chicago, as there is full-rale business
enough to keep the lines working at their fullest
capacity, day and night. The regular tariff to
Chicago is the same as usual. As to the free
business, the Western Union company issued
orders, the day after the fire began, to take that
class of business without charge.”
Harry Maitland; or, tbe Tyrant Father
by Elizabeth Downs. Boston: Henry Hoyt.
This is an entertaining, but extremely improba
ble story, of a boy who ran away from home
tyranny to find a worse despot in the captain
of a ship, and after some adventures was
adopted by a rich English gentleman, and at
last found that tbe adopted child of his parents
was the lost daughter of his English benefactors,
who at last came to America with him, where
found his father penitent and amiable, and the
little girl a lovely woman, whom he of course
married, and they all lived happily ever after.
For sale hereby Sanford Co.
The Rise and Fall of the Paris Com
mune, by W. Pembroke Fetridge. New York:
Harper Brothers. Mr. Fetridge is the author
ol Harpers' series of guide books to Europe and
the east. He was in Paris during its two sieges,
and without any special grace of literary style,
tells clearly and intelligently what he saw and
heard. His book is illustrated with a map of
Pans and numerous portraits of leading com
munists from original photographs. They add
to the interest of the book, though they are
poorly executed. For sale at Bigelow’s.
Losses and Gains; or Birthdays. By Mrs.
J. F. Moore. Boston: Henry Hoyt. This is a
story told with a religious purpose. It fills a
volume of 487 pages. For sale by Sanford
Co.
The Sunny Path. By Mrs. Caroline E. K.
Davis. Boston: Henry Hoyt, publisher. Mrs.
Davis has written several stories which have
been published with success. This fills a vol
ume of 401 pages. For sale by Saufoid Co.
Scribner’s Monthly, for November, is un
usually good. It has a portrait of the late
Charles Scribner, and five illustrated articles,
which will be read. One of these articles de
scribes the experience of Truman C. Evart* in
bis wanderings during thirty-seven days, while
lost in tbe western wilderness. Another de
scribes the various operations tried to remove
the rocks of Hell Gate; and a third describing
insects is entitled “Low Life in Nature.” Mrs.
Oliphant begins in this number a new novel,
of which tbe first three chapters are given; and
among the twenty-two articles there is a poem
by Joaquin Miller, which fills three pages.
‘Goop Words,” and “Good Words for
the Young/' for October, have come with
their usual variety of well prepared articles, and
(L be gailn Spn: Warcestcr, October 1?, 1871.
their customary abundance of illustrations. In
“Good Words” there is an article on “The Re
ligious Aspect of Sculpture,” by Dean Stanley,
one on “The Life of a Sheep Farmer in the Ar
gentine Republic;” end*the two serial novels,
“High Mills” and “The Sylvestres,” are contin
ued, the hitter having reached the 48th chapter.
“Good Words for the Young'' is even better"
than usual, as the young readers are sure to find
out, when they open it. Published by J. B.
Lippincott Co., Philadelphia.
“The Cabriage Painter’s Manual,” pub
lished in New York by S. R. Wells, seems to be
a well prepared and useful book on matters
pertaining to carriage, coach, and car painting.
It describes and discusses everything relating to
this matter, —brushes, pencils, tools of every
kind, paints, varnishes, ami methods of doing
the work. It was prepared by F. B. Gardner, a
practical coach and ornamental painter of New
York.
“Nast’s Illustrated Almanac,” for 1872,
published by the Harpers, is full of humorous
sketches and illustrations, and is quite as good
ns the name of its author leads one to suppose.
It will be sure to have a wide circulation.
A Wedding Journey Quarrel.
“We shall have time for the drive around the
mountain before dinner,” said Basil, as they got
into their carriage again; and he was giving the
order to the driver, when Isabel asked how far
it was.
“Nine miles.”
“O, then we can’t think of going with one
horse. Yon know,” she added, “that we always
intended to have two horses for going around
the mountain.”
“No,” said Basis, not yet used to having his
decisions reached without his knowledge. “And
I don’t see why we should. Everybody goes
withone. You don’t suppose we’re too heavy,
do you!”
“I had a party from the states, ma’am, yes
terday,” interposed the driver; “two ladies, real
heavy ones, two gentlemen, weighin’ two hun
dred apiece, and a stout young man on the box
with me. “You’d 'a* thought the horse was
drawin' an empty carriage, the way she darted
along.”
“Then his horse must be perfectly worn out,
to-day,” said Isabel, refusing to admit the poor
fellow directly even to the honors of a defeat.
He had proved to much, and was put out of
court with no hope of repairing his error.
“Why, it seems a pity, whispered Basil, dis
passionately, “to turn tins man adrift, when he
had a reasonable hope of being with us all day,
and has been so civil and obliging.”
“O, yes, Basil, sentimentalize him, do! Why
don’t you sentimentalize his helpless, over
worked horse?—all in a reek of perspiration.”
“Perspiration! Why, my dear, its the rain!”
“Well, rain or shine,'darling. I don’t want to
go round the mountain with one horse; and it’s
ven unkind of you to insist now, when you’ve
tacitly promised me all along to take two.”
“Now, this is a little too much, Isabel. You
know we never mentioned the matter till this
moment.”
“It’s the same as a promise, your not saving
that you wouldn't. But I don't ask vou to keep
your word. I don’t want to go round the moun
tain. I’d much rather go to the hotel. I’m
tired.”
“Verv well, then, Isabel, I’ll leave you at the
hotel.”'
In a moment it had come, the first serious dis
pute of their wedded life. Lt had come as all
such calamities come, from nothing, and it was
on them in full disaster ere they knew. Such a
very little while ago, there in the convent gar
den, their lives had been drawn closes in sym
pathy than ever before; and now that blessed
time seemed ages since, and they were further
asunder than those who have never been friends.
“I thought,” bitterly mused Isabel, “that he
would have done anything for me.” “Who
would have believed that a woman of her sense
would be so unreasonable,” he wondered. Both
had tempers, as I know my dearest reader lias
(if a lady) and neither would yield; and so,
presently, they could hardly tell how, for
they were aghast at it all, Isabel was
aloiie in her room amidst the ruins of her
life, and Basil alone in the one-horse car
riage, trying to drive away from the wreck of
his happiness. All was over; the dream was
past; the charm was broken. The sweetness of
their love was tinned to gall; whatever had
pleased them in their loving moods was loath
some now, and the things they had praised a
moment before were hateful. In that baleful
light, which seemed to dwell upon all they ever
said or did in mutual enjoyment, how poor and
stupid and empty looked their wedding journey!
Basil spent five minutes in arraigning his wife
and convicting lierW every folly and fault. His
soul was in a whirl—
For to be wroth with one we love
Doth work like madness ou the brain.”
In the midst of his bitter ami furious upbraid
ings he found himself suddenly become her
ardent advocate, and ready to denounce her
judge as a heartless monster. “On our wed
ding journey, too! Good heavens, what an in
credible brute 1 am!” Then he said, “What an
ass I am!” and the pathos of the case having
yielded to its absurdity, be was helpless. In
five minutes more he was at Isabel’s side, the
one-horse carriage driver dismissed with a hand
some pour-boire, and a pair of lusty bays with
a glittering barouche waiting at the door below.
He swiftly accounted for his presence, which
she seemed to find the mo t natural thing that
could be, and she met his surrender wnh the
openness of a heart that forgives but does not
forget, if indeed the most gracious art is the
only one unknown to the sex. She rose with a
smile from the ruins of her life, amidst which
she had heartbrokiugly sat down with ail her
things on, “I knewyou’deome back,” she said.
“So did I,’’ he answered, “I’m much too
good and noble to sacrifice my preference to my
duty.”
“1 didn’t care particularly for the two horses,
Bazil/ she said, as they descended to the ba'
rouche. “It was your refusing them that hurt
me.’
‘And I didn’t want the one-horse carriage. It
was your illogicality that provoked me.
‘Do you think people ever quarreled before on
a wedding journey asked Isabel, as they drove
gayly out of the city.
“Never! 1 can’t conceive of it. I suppose if this
was written down, noltody would believe it.”
“No, nobody could,” said Isabel, musingly.
“I wish you would tell me just what you thought
of me, dearest. Did you feel as you did when
our little affair was broken off, long ago? Did
you hate me
“I did, most cordially; but not half so much
as I despised myself the next moment. As to
its being like a lover’s quarrel, it wasn’t. It was
more bitter; so much more love than lovers ever
give had to be taken back. Besides, it had no
dignity, and a lover’s quarrel always has. A
lover’s quarrel always springs from a more seri
ous cause, and has an air of romantic tragedy.
This had no grace of rhe kind. It was a poor
shabby little squabble.’’
“O, don’t call it so, Basil! I should like you
to respect evena quarrel of ours more than that.
It was tragical enough with me, for I didn’t see
how it could ever be made up. 1 knew 1 couldn’t
make the advances. I don’t think it is quite
feminine to be the first to forgive, is it?-’
“I’m sure 1 can’t say. Perhaps it would be
rather unladylike.”
“Well, you see, dearest, what I am trying to
get at is this: whether we shall love each other
the more or less for it. 1 think we shall get on
all the better for a while, on account of. it. But
1 should have said it was totally out of charac
ter. It is something you might have expected
from a very young bridal couple; but after all
we’ve been through, it seems too improbable.”
“Very well,” said Basil, who having made all
the concessions, could not enjoy the quarrel as
she did, simply because it was theirs; “let’s be
have as it it had never been.”
“O, no, we can’t. To me, it’s as if we had
just won each other.’
In fact it gave a wonderful zest and freshness
to that ride around the mountain, and shed a
beneficent glow upon the rest of their journey.
The sun came out through the thin clouds and
lighted up the vast plain that swept away north
and east, with the purple hights against the
eastern sky. The royal mountain lifted its
graceful mass beside them, and hid the city
wholly from sight. Pleasant villages in the
shade of beautiful elms, dotted the city in eveiy
direction, and at intervals crept up the side of
the road along which they drove. But these
had been corrupted by a more ambitious archi
tecture since Basil saw them last, and were no
longer purely French in appearance. Then,
nearly ever}- house was a tannery in a modest
way, and poetically published the fact by the dis
play of a sheep’s tail over the front door, like a
bush ata wine shop. Now, if the tanneries still
existed, the poetry of the sheep’s tails
had vanished from the portals. But
our friends were consoled by meeting
numbers ol the peasants jolting home
from market in the painted carts, which are
doubtless of the pattern of the carts first built
there two hundred years ago. They were grate
ful for the immortal old woman, crooked and
brown and bowed with the labor of the fields,
who abounded in these vehicles; when a huge
girl jumped from the tail of her cart, and showed
the thick, clumsy ankles of a true peasant maid,
they could only sigh out their unspeakable sat
isfaction.
Gardens embowered and perfumed the low
cottages, through the open doors of which they
could see the exquisite neatness of the life with
in. One of the doors opened into a schoolhouse,
where they beheld with rapture the schoolmis
tress, book in hand, and with a quaint cap on
her gray head, and encircled bv her flock of lit
tle boys and girls.— IK. D. Howells, in Xoeein
ber Atlantic.
Recent Railroad Improvements.—-A seri
ous objection to soft, cheap timber, for railway
ties has hitherto been the liability of the spikes
holding down the rails to become lossened. This
results, in part, from the tendency of the rails
to spread under the action of heavy’ trains run
ning at high speed, thus crowding the spike
lateiaßy into the soft fibre. To meet this
difficulty, M. Deshriere of Paris has contrived a
cast-iron thimble for surrounding the spike and
bringing a greater number of the fibres to bear
in resisting its crushing effect. These thimbles
are two inches in diameter, one and one-quarter
inch thick, having a three-quarter inch square or
round hole, corded in the center, and are
slightly dished on the under side. A recess,
one-quarter inch deep, is| left on the upper side,
in which the rail rests, and prevents any ten
dency to its rotation. Either spikes or gal
vanized wood-screws, three-fourths inch
by four and one-half inches, are used
lor retaining the rails. This principle
is capable of rendering valuable service in all
places where ties of durable close-grained woods
arc difficult to procure. The Hartwich system,
which has been introduced in Germany, dis-
penses with sleepers altogether, by using verv
deep rails having broad bases. Hie rails, in this
case, are rolled nine and three eighths inches
deep—-with two and and threc-ciuhths inches
head, four and three-quarters inches base and
three-eighths inch web—and the gauge regula
ted by one-inch rods, placed six feet three
inches apart, having threads on their ends and
a nut on each side of the rail webs. To preserve
the upper parts of these deep rails from varia
tion, the rods pass through holes only three
inches below the head, and every fourth space
between the rods has an intermediate one near
the lower fiahges of the rails. Fish joints give
the rails the rigidity possessed by continuous
beams, and the ballasting covers all except their
heads. _
Tlic Conflagration* in Wi*coiiMin.
The awful destruction of life and property by
the fires in Wisconsin and Michigan can be
partly appreciated from the following account
of the destruction of Peshtigo, one town of
many that have been devastated:
The village was situated on Peshtigo river,
seven miles from Green Bay. It was a nice lit
tle town of about 2000 inhabitants, quite regu
larly laid out, had fine hotels, stores, churches,
schools, &c., besides the large factory owned by
the Peshtigo manufacturing company, a sash,
door and blind factory t nd foundry also owned
by the same company, who owned nearly every
building in the town. The factory was devoted
to the manufacture ot pails, tubs, broom
handles, &c., and gave employment to about
700 hands in the different branches.
The town is nearly surrounded by pine forests,
the suburban portions being built “among the
pines.” The inhabitants have for the past ten
days been fighting fire in the woods, trving to
save the town, and had settled down into a feel
ing of comparative security, since the woods on
all sides had been more or less burned over.
On Sunday night they were awakened from
this feeling of security by a noise like distant
thunder, which increased in volume until the
crash of falling trees and the roar of the wind and
fire could he plainly heard. Soon after a tor
nado burst upon the town, unroofing a number
of buildings, and quickly followed by a solid
sheet of flame, extending the whole length of
the village and far beyond each way. In an in
stant the whole exposed side of the place was in
flames. Men, women and children rushed into
the street and, surrounded by fire on all sides,
were soon either smothered or burned to death.
In the less exposed portions the people fled to
the river, and jumping in many were drowned.
Some saved their lives by keeping their bodies
well under water, and once in awhile putting
their heads under as the heat became insufferable.
Others took refuge in wells and cisterns and were
saved. Quite a large portion of the inhabitants
ran to a field to the leeward of the fire, and by
laying on theground were saved, although some
of these were badly burned. There is but one
house left standing and that is isolated and
lately built of green timber. As near as can at
present be ascertained, 250 lives have been lost,
mostlv women and children. Although a good
many men have perished, there are 75 who ate
badly burned, many of whom will die, and
nearly all are more or less burned The destruc
tion has been so complete that the streets cannot
be traced, all being covered with sand, which
was swept in great clouds by the tornado. In
some instances bodies have been found com
pletely covered by sand.
I could fill columns with heart rending inci
dents of this conflagration, but will only give a
few as illustrative of the rest. In one instance
a man took his family and fled to the bridge
spanning the river. The bridge was soon on
fire, and the poor unfortunate family were near
ly roasted alive, and then jumped into the river
and were drowned. A woman, on seeing* the
fire approaching, put her little girl, a child of'
six years, in a well, which was nearly dry, and
ran to the river herself for security. The
woman was saved, and, as soon as she could,
found out the locality, and her joy was so great
ar finding the little one alive and well that she
swooned, and on recovering clasped her child in
her anus, and ran off crying for joy.
Too few, alas, were so fortunate. In many
cases whole families have perished. In other
cases men have lost their families, they being,
at the time of the fire, working to save the fac
tories. In other instances men perished in their
endeavor to save their families. In one case to
which my attention was called, a little boy of
seven years is the only surviving member of a
numerous family. As soon as the fire had suffi
ciently subsided, all thaQ were able went to the
relief of the sufferers. Blackened, charred
corpses were lying in every direction, with their
clothing, as a general thing, nearly or quite
burned off. Many dead bodies were
found in the river, and more have
since been recovered. A number have
died from their bruises, while others are
crippled or fearfully disfigured. The most im
aginative mind cannot begin to realize this fear
ful calamity, much less my poor pen to describe
it. The shrieks and groans of the dying, and
of those who had lost near and dear friends;
the ghastly aspect of the blackened corpses;
the shocking appearance of many who, badly
burned and almost destitute of clothing, were
running they knew not where; others in the
last agonies of death, made a picture too horrid
for contemplation. The sufferers have all been
taken to Green Bay and ‘other towns, where
they will be kindly cared for, as hospitality is
one of the marked traits of the west, The joss
to the Peshtigo coiqpany, who owned the facto
ries and most of the town, besides large pine
lands, is estimated at three million dollars, be
sides the loss of their extensive warehouses in
Chicago,
Mennokaunee, a town of seven or eight hun
dred inhabitants, is all destroyed hut three
houses. Fortunately no lives wete lost here.
Marinette is also nearly all destroyed. Business
in this section is partially suspended. All the
saw mills and factories at Oskosh, Fon du Lac,
and other neigh boring towns are stopped by an
order of the authorities.
Phe Coinage up Germany.— Considering
the wealth and intelligence of Germany, the
condition of its coinage is astonishing. The
traveler in that country who desires to under-
Mand how his money goes finds himself involved
in an endless series of embarrassing calcula
tions. lie enters Germany, we will suppose, by
way of Belgium, where he pays francsand cents.
As soon as he has crossed the Prussian frontier
at Herbesthal, on the road to Cologne, he is
called upon for thalers and silver gruschon. At
Cologne he takes, let us say, the steamer for a
long day’s voyage up the Rhine to Mayence,
and after paying for his breaklast, dinner, and
perhaps supper, and sundry intermediate pota
tions of various liquids, he flatters himself that
he understands the coinage of’ the country, and
might defy anv waiter on board the steamer to
impose upon him to the extent of a single gro
schen. He arrives at Mayence at ten o’clock at
night, engages a porter to carry his baggage to
an hotel, and Is convinced that he has some
thing yet to learn when that porter demands to
be paid in kreutzers. However, within twenty
four hours he has become as familiar with flor
ins and kreutzers as he was the day before with
thalers and silver groschen. But perhaps on
his way south he stops at Strasburg to inspect
the ruins of the recent siege; and here his hotel
bill is made out in francs, and we may suppose
that he offers in payment a Prussian bank note
for thalers, which he has obtained at Cologne or
Mayence, and that he desires to procure a sup
ply of florins for use further south. The ru e
that four thalers—seven florins—fifteen francs,
even if it were exact, which it is not, is difficult
of application. You left Mayence with a lot of
North (german money, which is useless further
south, and you leave Strasburg with a lot of
French coins, many of which become useless as
soon as you pass Kehl. Ot course if you empty
your pockets of these incumbrances the loss is
small, but it does not seem unreasonable to re
quire that there should be no loss at a’.l. It is
true that at railway stationsand hotelsand prin
cipal shops in South Germany, the thaler ol
North Germany is always taken at the value of
one and three-quarter florins, but it is easy for
a traveler to find himself in places where the
people with whom he deals do not like the look
of it, and where the franc of France, Bel
gium or Italy is regarded with even smal
ler favor. Even among florins there is
the distinction betw en the German florin, Is.
84., and the Austrian florin, Is. lid., and this
distinction may easily be overlooked by a trav
eler making hasty payments bv imperfect light.
Then, again, after leaving Frcibourg and Basle
behind him, the traveler probable stops for a
night at Schaffhausen to view the Rhinefall,
and here a Swiss landlord propounds a theory
of his own as to the comparative value of francs,
in which he makes out his bill, and of florins,
in which you propose to pay him. Leaving
Schaffhausen and the small piece of Switzerland
which, for the mystification of travelers, has
been placed north of the Rhine, yon arrive at
Constance, which, although south of the Rhine,
is German, and here yon get Swiss coins given
in change, which nobody will take back. The
landlord of an excellent hotel nt Constance, who
speaks English and French tolerably, and Ger
man ns his native tongue, presents his daily
bill of fare and wine carte, with prices marked
in florins and kreutzers, and makes out his bill
to a customer in francs and cents. This land
lord being lately asked to deduct the amount of
Ins bi)] from an English £5 note taken at 125
francs, and to pay the balance partly in napo
leons and partly in florins, honestly con fessed
that this financial operation was beyond his
power, and begged to be allowed to pay the en
tire amount in napoleons and francs.—77ie Sab
urday Review.
of Sheridan Knowles.
Ol all the eccentric individuals 1 ever encount
ered, Sheridan Knowles was, I think, the great
est. Judge, gentle reader, if the following anec
dotes may not justify my assertion. Walking
one day with a brother dramatist, Mr. Bayle
Bernard, in Regent’s Quadrant, Knowles was
accosted by a gentleman in these terms: “You’re
a pretty fellow, Knowles! After fixing your
own day and hour to dine with us, you never
make your appearance, and from that time to
this not a word have we heard from you!” “I
couldn’t help it, upon my honor/ replied
Knowles; “and I've been so busy ever since I
haven’t had a moment to write or call. How
are von all at home?” “Olj, quite well, thank
you; i ut come now, will you name another day,
and keep your word?” “1 will —mre 1 will?
We, i. “t at day? Shall we Tbuisday
next I 1 hursday? Yes, by all means—Thurs
day be it.” “At six?” “At six. I'll be there
punctually. My love to ’em all." “Thank ye.
Remember, now. Six next Ihursdav." “All
nsht. my dear fellow; I’ll be with vdu.” The
Iriend departed, mid Knowles, relinking his m m
wnh I but of Bayle Bermud, said, Who’s
timt chap?- not having the least idea of the
name or residence of the man l.e had promised
n?" 10 11 n follow 'nK Thursday, or the
1 m bi. 'i'". ‘‘T" y "hum Ite Invl
suit Ins love. I.pon one occasion when he was
J... ."r I. “““"‘ry he received an anxious
letter from Mi s. Knowles, informing him that
the money—£2oo, which he had promised to
scud up on a certain day, had never reached
her. Know les immediately wrote a furious let
ter to Sir Francis Frocling, at that time at the
head of the post office, of which, of course, I
cannot give the precise words, but beginning
“Sir,” and informing him that on such a day at
such an hour he himself put a letter into the
post office at such a place, containing the sum
of £2OO in bank notes, and that it never had
been delivered to Mrs. Knowles; that it was a
most unpardonable piece of negligence, if not
worse, of the post office authorities, and that he
demanded an immediate inquiry into the mat
ter, the delivery of the money to his
wife, and an apology for the anxiety
jmd trouble its detention had occasioned
them. By return of post he received
u most courteous letter from Sir Francis,
begining “Dear Sir,” as although they were per
sonal strangers to each other, he had received so
much pleasure from Mr. Knowles’ works that
he looked upon him as a valued friend, and con
tinuing to say that he (Knowles) was perfectly
correct in stating that on such a day and at such
an hour he had posted a letter at contain
ing bank-notes to the amount of .£2OO, but that,
unfortunately, he had omitted not only his sig
nature inside, but the address outside, having
actually sealed up the notes in an envelope con
taining only the words, “1 send you the money,”
and posted it without a direction! The con
scqence was that it was opened at the chief office
in London, and detained until some inquiry was
made about it. Sir Francis concluded by assur
ing him that long before he would receive his
answer the money would be placed in Mrs.
Knowles’ hands by a special messenger. Knowles
wrote back: “My dear Sir, you arc right and I
was wrong. God bless you! I’ll call upon you
when I come to town.”
One day in the country he also said to Abbott,
with whom he had been acting there, “My dear
fellow, I’m off to-morrow?” “You’re very
kind,’'answered Abbott; “But where are you
going?” “1 haven't made up my mind.”—J. ft.
Planche, in London Society.
Artificial Shagreen. The substance
known as shagreen, used in covering instrument
cases, telescopes, sword hilts, &c., has been gen
erally supposed to be derived from the skin of
sharks and rays. We are now' informed that an
imitation is made in Russia, which can scarcely
be distinguished from the original, and that this
is prepared from the skins of horses or asses,
soaked in water anil scraped, and while the skin
is still soft, small seed, such as mustard or
chenopodium, are embedded in it, and the sur
face afterwards shaved down. By dyeing with
green, produced by the action of salammoinac,
or copper filings, and drying, the imitation in
question is satisfactorily accomplished.
An enthusiastic Chinese heathen camp meet
ing was held recently in California. A pavilion
was ere ted in which numerous Josses, or Chi
nese gods, were set up for worship; and the
whole affair, as one of the Celestials remarked,
was “Allee same as Mellican man preaches.”
“How odd it is,” says the London Spectator,
“that gluttony, which struck our fathers as
such vice, should have disappeaied from the
catalogue of the deadly sins, the only instance
was known of in ethics of such a change of feel
ing. There are plenty of gluttons left, but
people condemn them as fools ignorant of the
power of the .fiend dyspepsia,] rather than as
sinners.”
Mourning bonnets and hats, crape sets, crape col
lars and cuffs, in latest styles, at Miss 8. J. Quinn's,
261 Main street.
Dr. Lighthill’s next visit to the Bay State house
will be Oct. 19, 20, and 21.
DATM ST ALTYK KiC
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET
New York, Oct. 16 —lt is estimated that the Chicago
banks have cash and available assets here which amount
to $3,000,(100. Two of our banks sent to-day four hun
dred thousand greenbacks each lo Chicago All the
balances will probably soon be diawn. ('able advices
report a marked improvement in the London stock
exchange there were considerable sales of gOld by’ specu
lators, which carried the price so low that foreign bank
ers stooped the pureaase of bunds. There was an in
creased demand for canoucy to move the cotton crop.
Money active and hardening; call loans at 7 per ct cur
rency to gold interest, amt weak borrowers paid l-32d to
H per cent per day. Discounts in active request, prim©
names were done as high as 12 @lB per cent, sterling
exchange weak at 108 (fz) 108 hi for long. Gold was heavy,
closing at 113 h. Loans at 3@7 per cent for carrying.
Clearances §3“,0(l0,00ii. The gold room has fixed the rate
ofbrokerage at l-61ih between brokers, and l-16th to
outsiders. Governments heavy and per cent
lower. State securities firm I now North Carolinas 20,
South (’arolinas 45 I Stocks heavy and very weak, at
a cecune of 1 til 4 per cent.
unueu otaics currency bs HIH
United States sixes, 1831 ~,,,,116**
United States 5-20’s, 18b2, coupons
1864. 113 Mi
114«
now tBBS, H 2 h
1867, 11244
1368. 112«
IMOs 109*4
Western Union Telegraph company
Pacific Mail Steamship company
N. Y. Central ii Hudson River consort! 87St
do do do do scrip 8214
Erie railroad 27#
do proibrred 59
Harlem raiiroau 122 M
do preferred 123
•Reading railroad 105
Michtgao Central railroad 115
Union Pacific railroad stock 22>»
Panama ndlroad
3Uur< suuinern K 94X
Illinois Central railroad 1-5
Cleveland and Pittsburg tauruad 113J4
Chicago and Northwestern railroad 54
do nrqferren
Cleveland. Columbus Cincinnati railroad..Bl
New J ersey Cem rai railroad 104
Dukas'- jd Uvck isiauu 97*4
Milwaukee and St. Paul railroad SIS
do do pref 74 *t
Toledo and Wabash railroad 55
do pref 80
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 95
Alton and Terre Haute railroad 14
do preferred stt
Chicago and Alton railroad 113
do preferred 114
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 3614
Hartford and Eric railroad 2*t
Columbus.Cinolnnatl Ind. Central It R .17
('lno:iK>>, Burlington amt Quincy II it 126
Hannibal ami st Joseph it K 55*4
central Pacific gold bonds 10l
Union Pacitb railroad Ist muri.Gs 86‘t
central Pacific railroad income 10s 73
Union Pacific land grants 74
BOSTON BTGCK SALES—m t. 16.
$5,000 United States -‘ive-twentics. 1867 113 '4
sl.ooo cinca.ai eliv 7s, 91
S-’.OWU St. Louis city tis, 1873 <Kj
S4OJO Union Pacific land grant 7-> 70
Vermont central railroad 2d mon. 7s 37
I Kuslun and Albany railroaO 150
3 Boston and Providence Railroad ]4sS
52 Eastern railroad 107S@108
b r itchburg railroad Uu
500 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad
37 Michigan Central railroad 11654
23 Northern railroad 112
34 Old Colony and Newport railroad 102*4@103
40 ilutlaiul niilraud, common ..24 1
61 ptul.. WU.ana Baltimore raiiroau 53#
200 Cin. Sandusky and Cleveland R K 19M@20
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
New York, Oct. 16.—Cotton heavy; sales2oll bales;
middling upl imls Flour dull and in buyers' fa
vor; sales 10,060 bbls; state $6,40 s7.'o; round hoop
Ohio $7,05 Hi, 7.65; western $6,10 $7.90; southern
$7.25 9,25. W heat heavy ami le lower, with a moder
ate export demand; sales 151,000 bush; No 2 spring $1.50
$1,55; amber slate $1,62; white do $1,70; winter red
western $1.58 1.60. Corn heavy; sales 132,000 bush;
closing at 76*c, m -tore, and 78Mc afloat. Oats heavy
sales 41.000 bush; Ohio and western closing al 53 53Hc.
Beef quiit. Pork heavy; sales mess at $13.12 (iH 13,25.
Lard steady sates at LOhc. Whiskey firmer; sales
western Hee 95 (a 93Sc. Rice firm at 8 (m) 9S»c. Sugar
steady; sales Cuba at 9 @9Xc. Coflee firm; Rio 16’4 (<4
19c. Molasses dull, bjiiriu turpentine firm at69c; rosin
firm at $4 4.25 for strained Petroleum steady;
crude 14*40; relined 26’4C. Tallow .-steady.
Newouleans, oct. 16.—Cotton easier; middlings at
1919*c.
Foreign Markets.-[Bv Atlantic Cable.]
London, Oct. 10.—U.S. 5 205186.»,90H 1865, old, 90S;
do. 1867, 91S.
At Frankfort, Oct. 16th, U. S. bonds for 1862 opened at
95 S.
LiVEUPoou Oct. 16.—Cotten closed firm; middling
uplands 9 m 9Xd; ao. Orleans 10 (fi) 10hd; sales 12,000
bales.
Two American Misses.—Miss Issippi and Missouri
are disflgun-d a good deal by the .-nags in their mouths
In order that all other Misses may avoid the like blem
ishes, they are advised to use the famous Suzodont,
which will prevent ami obviate all such difficulties.
oi7 dTu&F
Spiral Sotiris,
The Kepiiblicans of the ITtli Representative
District, coin prising the towns of Spencer, Leicester,
Southbridge. Charlton, and Auburn, are requested to
send delegates to a <'on vention to be holden at Hie •‘Bay
state House.” on TH URSDA Y, the 2d day of November,
at 10 a. m., for the purpose of nominating two candidates
to represent the District at the next General Court, and
fort lie tiansaction of any other business proper to come
before the Convention.
Hie basis of representation will be the same as that of
the State Convention. SAMUELS. PERRY,
Chairman 17th Republican District Committee.
Southbridge, Oct. 11th, 1871. deoptnJ o!7
Putcnt« Secured.
Re-issues. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE,
Transfers of Rights, and Patent Cases attended to. by
.JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass.
Office No. 303 Main St.
al2 dtf
The Warning bus been Seeded.
Since the exposure of the attempts imide by certain
unscrupulous local dealers, to palm off their coarse
astringents, made from cheap ami impure materials, in
the place of the great national tonic. Hostetter’s Stom
ach Bitters, pu die opinion has set strongly against these
empirics and their preparalions. Their occupation is
gone, or soon will be. When the light is let Into decep
tion It soon wilts down. Persons who trifle with their
own health, by using unknown preparations, with no
guarantee to sustain them, when an established specific,
proven by twenty years experience to be exactly what it
Is claimed t be. is within their reach, are sure to repent
iheir temerity. Mauv heve done so In this instance, but
Il is Impel that the truth plainly spoken has arrested the
evil. In the mean lime the demand for the leading pro
tective and restorative medicine of America was never
so great as it has been this season. From the fever and
ague districts ol Hie west, southwest, and south, it is
literally overwhelming, and it may be said of the advices
from all par.s of the country of the cures it is effecting
in dyspepsia, bilious complaints, and Chronic constipa
tion, that “their name is legion.” Everywhere the sick
an l feeble seem to have realized the importance of
“holding last that which Is good,” and ot avoiding what
is spurious and dangerous. d&wlw 012
The relief utfor ed by Dr. Ham's Aromatic Invig
orator, to those afflicted with dyspepsia, inactivity of
the liver, acidity of the stomach, vertigo, depression of
spin's, languor, disturbed sleep, and nervous debility. Is
ty a appetite Is
whole system regenerated. Aeethal
t.ili home bears the name ol Dr. Darius Ham—none
others genuine. dlw o 6
By occasioiiiiily ton.ng and stimulating the ncr
vuun with Lathams Cathautic Exiuact, you
mevent or entirely remove .dyspepsia, cuiudpaiion. nil
lou-oi sck headache, lever ana ague, impurity or the
iHood, un<t overcome mmy diseases to which you other
wise subject yoursclt tu.
The Republican* of Woi'cenler County
are requested to send Delegates to a Convention, to be
holden at Worcester, In Horticultural Hall, on TUES
DAY, oct. 17. at 11 *’clock a. »i., for the purpose ol
nominating Candidates for the following County Offi
cers: clerk of the Courts, HhorifT, District Attorney,
one County Commi-siuner and two Special Cummission
ers. and for the transaction of any other business that
may properly come before the Convention.
The basts of representation will be the same as that
for tiie State Convention.
JOHN W. WETHERELL,
Chairman of Hepub. County Committee.
papers tn the county please copy.
o 3 dawtf
Senatorial Convention.
The Republicans of the First Worcester Senatorial
District are requested to send to a Senatorial
Convention, to be helo at the ommon Council Room,
on WEDNESDAY EVENING, Oct. 25, at 7S o’clock, to
nominate a Candi late for Senator, ami to transact such
other business as may properly come before said Con
vention.
The basis of representation will bo the same as at the
State Convention.
By order of the Committee.
"H dto>s E. B. STODDARD, Chairman.
The Republican* of the 3d Worcester Senatorial
District are requested to send delegates lo a Convention,
to be holden at Horticultural Hall, in Worcester, Oct.
251 h, Inst., at 11 o’clock a. m.. for tiie purpose <>r nomi
nating a candidate for Senator, and for transacting iniv
other business which may properly come before it. The
basis ot representation will he the same as that for the
State Convention.
A. J. BARTHOLOMEW. Chairman.
Geo. Johnson, Sec’y,
Southbridge. Oct. 13,1871'. deopt2slh 014
The Denioci-ats of WorcesterCountvare request
ed to semi Delegates to a Convention to 'be holden at
Worcester, in Horticultural Hall, on TUESDAY. Oct.
24th. at 11 ojclock a. m., for the purpose ot nominating
candidates for the following Countv Officer-Clerk of
the Court-, Sheriff, District Attorney, one County Com
missioner. and two special Commissioner-, and fur the
transaction of such other business as mav properlv come
before them.
The basis of representation will be the same as that
tor the State Convention.
JAMES E. ESTABROOK.
hairman of the Democratic County Committee.
Salisbury Hyde, Sec'y. wat&dtc 013
Worcester Five <’vnt» Sating* Rank.
OFFICE, NO. PS MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
Thia Bank is open every business day,from nine o’clock
in the morning to five o’clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received, and put upon interest on the first us eterp
month.
Dividends of Interest are made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest. Three Dol
r CLARENDON HARRIS,
dtf Treasurer.
The Woiceuler Bfrchuuica Bai inns Hauk
IN CENTRAL EXCHANUE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon intereat on the Fifteenth day 0:
each month.
Semi-annual Dividends In January and July.
HARRISON BLIBB President.
H. Woodward, Trcas'r.
dfiol 'lawtr
People’s MoviBKS Bank,
MARBLE BUILDING, 452 MAIN ST.,
Opposite Ilie City Hall.
The usual Semi-Annual Dividend at the rate of Six
per Cent, per annum lias been declared.
Deposits are put on interest on the first day of every
month.
In addition to tiie usual Bank Hour?, the Bank is open
(0 Depositors on Saturday Evenings. Irom 6 to 8 o’clock.
Amt.DepOMit* A 11g. 1, ’71... I 70
Number of llepoNitor* T.TII
JOHN c. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Trcas.
Worcester. Aug. 2.1871. d*wtf ua2
Worcester County In»litution for guvlngi
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 9,1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each month
Dividends mad 6 every January ami July.
Deposits Mayl, 1871 DO.
Hon. ALEXANDER 11. BULLOCK. President.
C A "AMILTON. Treasurer.
The European Question.
What is the European question to us? Let the crowned
heals tight it out while we supply their armies with
provisions.
THE AMERICAN QUESTION
as to the best method of clothing gray heads with glossy
brown or raven black is, however, a matter of vast im
portance to millions of both sexes in this country. It
SEEMS TO BE DECIDED.
if popularity is a fair test in the case, in favor of
CriMtadoro’* Excelsior Hair I>ye,
the sales of which have been advancing during the past
twelve months with rapidity astonishing. As a dressing
after dyeing, use
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE
deop&weowlm
Barnard, Sumner <V Co.
are, ax usual, “Early in the Field," and their announce
ment for Fall Trade appears in our paper to day, coin
prising a Solid Column. Money that is to be invested in
DRY GOODS OR CARPETS,
cannot be better spent than at their Store,
338 T Main M.,
dtf Worcester.
Batchelor’* Hair By e.—This superb HairDve
isihe&Fsf in the /ruz/J-pcifo tly harmh-.s. n iiahle aiid
instantaneous; nodhappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor's
Hair Dye jiroduccs immediatelu a splendid Black or
Natural Brown leaves the hair clean, soil, beautiful;
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory; 16 Bund st.. N.
jilyr lyll)
Mathewi Chamberlain,
PLUMBERS.
Corner Waldo and Exchange Sta., Worcester, Masa.
Bath Tuba and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowls'
Wash Trays, Sinks &c &c.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf Jyß
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS RANK HGILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receives Money on Deposit subject to Check al Sight.
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE KATE OF
FOUR PER CEN T. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosed in Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
the Reuter alone has access, are ofTen d to the public foi
rent, at prices varying from sls to $75 each per annum.
It is a place of Security aaaiust Fin- or Rurglurs for
depositing Valuab.es of all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages, Wills. Deeds, Jewe'ry, Silver Plate
Ac., received at very low rates./or which receipts are
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 a.m.,
and a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Felice
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
)y!4 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Scc.’v
Worcester Gas Tula lit Company.
CoKE.
This Cheap and moat Desikable Fuel for Manufac
luring purposes and Family use, is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices;
One Chaldron of 36 bushels >5.00
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushel.
l’a*nents may be made, and orders for itsdeiivery will
be Issued only at the Office ot the Companv, No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up stairs.
REPAIRS. Ac.
Irregularities or failure of supply ot gas should be report
ed, and applications for service pipes and meters mav be
made at (lie Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton's Block. Me
chanic street up stairs. dtf m 4
Bi*. Bicknell** Syrup.
For the cure of Bowel or Summer Complaints, acts like
magic upon Dysentery, Diarrhea, Cholera Morbus, Colic.
Cramp, Sick or Sour Stomach, Dyspepsia, Ac., giving
immediate relief. Free from opiate, and never produces
Costiveness. Designed for children as well ns grown
persons. Sold by all dealers in medicine. Please give it
a trial. Prepared only by Edward Sutton, of Providence,
RI. d3tn iylff
No More Wet Feet.
CABBLE SCR EIP WIRE
AS A FASTENING FOR BOOTS AND SHOES
is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides furnishing the most durable, pliable and
economical boot ever offered the public, it affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than ever before made of the same materials.
tir’All Dealers sei I Cable Screw Wired Goods.
Or'Puient Stamp on all. deopHw o 2
«V Perrin a* Sauce,
pronounced by connoisseurs ‘THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unrivaled
fur its tiavor. We are directed by Messrs. Lea A'l'ek
hins to prosecute all parlies making or vending eoun
terleiis. JOHN DI NCAN'S SONS. Agents.
aul2 deopttm New York.
Indexlesl Silver Sospt
Marion Harland, in “Common Sense in the House
hold.” page 529. says: “For cleaning silver, I have for
years used!he IN DEXICAL SILVER SOAP. Resides
being clean and easy «>t application, it will not wear
awav the metal, as will whiting or chalk or plate pow
der/’ Sold everywhere. d3m aulß
Deo. N. Hupptn A Co., Commissvn Merchants
•nd Dealers .n Flour, Corn, Kye, Oats, Malt, Meal ut al
kinds. Fine ind Coarse teed. Linseed Oil Meal. Me
c.banic M»u- 8 29
Dr» Merrill* Bo.Sßulflnoh i. Boston Umi
Consult him In all cum's; he Is the oldest and most ex
penenevd specialist in Boston—thlriy-three years’ prac
tice. Sec his Pocket Medical Adviser Price 25 cents
Send for it. deop<twtl 05
Mr. Henry f. Hn k,
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge sU.
03 JU
Non, Commlsson Merchants
a id dealers tn Flour and Grain. Land Planter, Lime. Cal
cmed Plasler Gr. Bone. Cement, Halt, Guano. Super
r JOHN R. CLARK A RON
On Marriage.—Essays for Young Mf.n.on ereit
Social Evils and Abuses, which interfere with Marriage
with sure mean-n« relief lor the Erring and Union uii He’
■7; .MUIHKWI. Sent lr«.. 1,1
N... 2 s. Ninth Mrect,
Philadelphia. Pa. dTuAThfiin jy27
Five Per Cent, per Annum
allowed for Money on Call. F A. GOODNOW,
5 'iff First National Rank.
M A IC IC IBD
In this city, Oct 14. by Rev S Sweetser. William O
Dolph.v to Emma I’ushce. both of Worcester.
In this cily. Oct 14. by Rev John Gregson. Robert
r Ixher. Jr, ot Worcester, to Rosa E Barrett of Winches
ter. N 11.
I>IEI>
In this cily, Oct 15. Ella M, wife of B M Povev and
daughter of Edward It and Rebecca II Fiske, aged 22 yrs.
Funeral servlcfs.it All Saints Church, this day, at
3 o clock p M. Relatives and friends are invited without
notice.
In this cily, Oct 15. Nettie S Parent, aged 20 yrs.
b unvral Wednesday, the 18tb. al 10 o’clock A M, nt No
8 Myrtle st. Friends are invited to attend.
In this city, Oct 15, Abigail Louise, daughter of W C
and Annie L Barnard, aged 4 mos.
Oct 15. L Emily, relict of the late Hervey
J I ratt, aged 63 yrs lo mos 18 days.
b uneral Tuesday, Oct 17, al one. o’clock. Relatives and
friends are Invited to attend.
_ In Brimfield, Oct 11, Mrs Ahnira Morgan, aged 84 yrs
7 mos.
iltto
gNGLISH BODY BRUSSELS’!
ELEGANT NEW PATTERNS!
BARNARD, SUMNER CO.
HAVE JfST BECEIVKD
TWENTY NEW PATTERNS
OF
THE CHOICEST NEW DESIGNS,
JUST IMPOKTEIi,
and earnestly invite an examination of the Largest and
Most Complete Stock of Carpets in Worcester, selling al
the Lowest possible prices.
Bi II VAUD, SUM YER €O.
oK iWt
(QOKIKE POTS!
THE COFFEE POF SEASON HAS ARRIVED!
We have just received
5 0 0
OF THE SAME KIND WE SOLD LAST WINTER.
TRY THEM A WEEK,
and if you arc not more than satisfied your money will
be returned to you.
CLARK, SAWYER CO.,
Main St., opp. the Old South Church.
017 dlstf
GA S FIXTURES
AT WHOLESALE!
Wc arc prepared to supply the Trade with the productions
of
4 OFTHE LARGEST MANUFACTURERS IN THE
COUNTRY,
At the Lowest Factory Prices!
Anil Ouarautee the same.
Only one other house in New England have equal
facilities. Parties wishing Gas Fixtures are invited lo
look at our Stock and Prices.
CLARK, SAWYER CO.,
Taylor’s Building, Main st, opp. Common,
WORCESTER, MASS.
Hurlhut’s Block, coiner Bridge St.,
SPRINGFIELD, MASS.
017 iltstf
STATE FIRE INSURANCE CO.
In accordance with a vote of the Directors al their
meeting held this day, a Snecial Meeting of the Stock
holders of the Bay State Fire Insurance Company will
beheld at their office in Worcester, on the 25th day of
October current, at 11 o'clock a. m.. to act upon the
matter of inc-easing the cap 1 tai of said Company, an I
upon any other business that inav legally come before
the meeting. U. C. CROSBY, Jk.', Secretary.
Worcester, Oct. 16th, 1871. dto2s o!7
fIOMMON WEALTH OF MASSA
CHUSETTS. To Patrick McCabe, of Black
stone, in the County of Worcester, and to any and all
other persons claiming any interest In about one gallon
of whiskey, in one jug and threebottles; about one
gallon of rum, in two Jugs and three bottles; about one
fourth gallon of Brandy, in two bottles; about two gal
lons of gin, in one jug and two bottles; about one gallon
of wine, in two jugs and one bottle; about three gallons
of Mixed Liquors, in one jug and twelve bottles; which,
by virtue of a warrant issued by me. a Trial Justice
within and for said County, have been seized at the
saloon of said McCabe, in said Blackstone, on the
eighteenth day of September, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one, the value of which
liquors, with the vessels containing them, does not, in
my opinion, exceed twenty dollars.
You are hereby required to appear before me, at my
office, in said Blackstone, at nine o’clock a. m.. on the
thirty-first day of October, in the year one thousand
eight hundred an t seventy-one, to answer to the com
plaint against said liquors and the vessels containing
them, and for trial, and to show cause, if any you have,
why said liquors and the vessels containing them
should not be forfeited for being kept for sale by said
McCabe, in violation of the laws of this Commonwealth.
Witness, my hand ami seal, at Blackstone, this
eighteenth day of September, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and sevemy-one.
SILAS A. BURGESS, Trial Justice.
A true copy. Attest:
SAMUEL J. FLETCHER,
017 d2t State Constable.
Dissolution of copartnership.
The linn of C. A. Gabdnfb Co. is dissolved
thi- 16th <lay of October. 1). A. TOURTELLOT.
017 d3t*
J^ADIES! If you wish for something nice,
ALL AT la. la. PIERC E'S,
No. 3 Bay State Hou.-e Block, and examine those new
style DreNM Forms—Carter's Patent—manufactured
by
GEO. K. JOHNSON,
o!7 dlw* Neiv Britain, Conn.
y ETERI NARY!
DR. J. I’ENNIMAN
has removed his office to the Stable of
BROWN A BARNARD,
*►l7 dim* Thomas street.
■BUSINESS?
Any person wishing to invest >IO.OOO in a profita
ble Manufacturing Business, can learn of an opport unit v
by addressing, with true name, L. P., Spy Office.
_ol7 dlw*
A FIRST-CLASS GROCERY AND
PROVISION STORE on Main st., for sale, now
doing a good business, inquire of N. 11. CLARK, with
E. T. Smith A Co. dtf o!7
FOLND-A BLACK AND TAN
DOG, with silver col'ar. but no name. The
Jr Vl owner can find him by applying til No. 34
So 11 th bridge st. THOMAS GRAY,
oil d3t*
POUND—A LADY’S BLACK SILK
BASQUE, or SASH, trimmed with satin and lace,
and lined with black cambric. The owner can have It
by calling at the Spy office and paying for this adver
tisement. d3t o!7
AyrANTED—A Man and wife, to take a
Hoarding House in a village—with a family of
children- as they are wanted to work in and about a
Woolen M il. situated about two miles from City Hall.
A good chance for the right person*. Inquire ofc. k
HUBBARD, No. 1 Koger*’ Block,cqr Mam and Pleasant
ats. j!3t* oli
A FURNISHED yiIONT ROOM, with
board, for gentleman and wife.
Call, or address 11., 6 Congress st.
017 <l3t
UJANTED IMMEDIATELY 10 ..ml
Lathers Steady work through the winter. all
at 58 Salem st. d3t* u l7
4 FEW RESPEOTABLE BOARDERS
2 cun be accoimno<Ut <1 at No. 4 Clinton Court.
On U2w*
A competent maid* to do flen
eral housework. Inquire at No. 11 High st.
<»n d2t*
StlTl ATION WANTBID To do genend
hou-ework <>r second work In a private tumlly. Ap-
ply at No. 3S Burt -I <l3t* Ul7
yVAN TED—Board for two ladies, in a
pleasant <amtly in a quiet part |<u the ellv.
with pleasant, well furnished room. Call on, or address
s' I. 58 Front st dGt* 017
IV' ANTED—By a young man, a home in a
private family—Uni venalist pr.ferred. Address
,KU l
yy ANTED —A situation to do general
housework. Apply at No. H Gold st. court.
<>l“ <l3l*
SITUATION WAN lED By a girl 15
years of age, to do second work or take care of chil
dren. Apply at 72 temple st. i3t* »17
SITUATION WANTED—To do second
work or general housework In a small thmily. Ap
plj at N<>. 4 CnandlersL cmitt. «I3«* °h
IkOABD WANTED i- A married bdy
J desires board In a private family, where there are
no other Itoarders preferred, in the vicinity of Bay State
House. Liberal pay, and references given. AddlvM*
HM TIE L, Spy D nee. d3l*
SITUATION WANTED-A* uook, hy un
cxpcrivnoed alrl. An O'No, UlMafllaiW 8 1.
w
Utto
THE
American But ton Hole Sewing Machine.
If you are about to buv a Sewing Machine, ichu not get
one (hat will d Ai.r. kinds of Sewing. The American
Button Hole Is the only one that will doit iu||\ ir
ranted. 1* >B *TOC K. w CM.?
deTulf 172HMainst.
T)ANTH MAKERS WANTED -Bv
J w. T. BROWN,
017 <iii Pearl street.
SITUATIONS WANTED -Bv two giril
one as cook Ina private family, and one to no u< n
era housework. Apply at So. 64 Bri<Le st.
oil d3t*
F|lO RENT A good Lower Tenement of 7
-K rooms, on Benefit Court. Rent ?’5 ;er month
-88 AU,,.
110 LET—A n Upper Tenement of 5 or 7
rooms. Apply al No. -.6 Jackson si.
oil
rpo LET—A Tenement of 6 rooms, in
A I t,, 2. r, l gh o B e lP ir an,l wi,h a tno'b rn inipiovements.
Apply at No. 35 Myrtle, cor. of rortlaml si.
oil dtf
flotues.
IMr OR T ANT NO T I <~E r
To Sufferers from Rheumatism
PROF. MAC,
of ’92 Harrison Avenue, Boston, the only Oonauerer
the Globe of nW Rheumatic Complaint-. Weak I oin,an,t
Joints, Heart and Lung Diseases, by his UU
NEW ZEALAND PLASTER,
when all other remedies fail, can be consulted free, on
MONDAY, 16th, and until FRIDAY, the 20th In-t at
the Lincoln House, from 9 A. M. to 6 P. M.
Procure extensive pamphlet, for full particulars
and marvelous cures, sent free by mall, on application.
VrORCESTER COUNTY MECHANICS
V ABHOCI I i"\.
During the remainder of the month of October tlie
in asun r will be at his Office in Mechanic, Hall, on
Monday, Ilesdw. I'm bsday and Saturday Evb-
NINGS ONLY, to receive the Dues Unpaid. He will re
ceive payment in the day time at his office, No. 26 F. tri
st., opposite Post Office n
Members desiring their names to appear in the pro
posed new ataluaue, will hear hi mind that their assess
ments are ‘payable in the month of October.”
WiLA. SMITH, Treas.
E RIC AN~ ME R( 'HA NTS UNI ON
U t. Worcester, Mas>., Oct. 11th, 1871.
Hon. Edward Earle. Mayor of Worcester-
My Dear Sir—All contributions <>f nionev, clothing
or supplies, for the relief i the soflerers at will
he transported to the Mayor of Chicago i.v the Xmerican
Merchants I nion Express Uo. free of charge.
Very truly,
013 dlw J. W. BALDWIN. Agent.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
A Special Communication of both
If/Blake and IlaoHuseu.-—will be huh? at i nn.-r
,hl P‘’lh»"s Hall, on TUESDAY
VC&T/ oct. 17th, at 8 o’clock. Lei ev- r v
A. M. I RkEl>, L. Intake Lodge
.1. W. HADLEy, W. 0. Uai.uii S u>d S e.
old <itm
lIEADQUARTERS STATE GUAHIf
.Jr Worcester. Oct. 13,1x71.
Ihe members ot the Battalion are hereby 'onh red to
appear al the Armory. (Taylor’s Building WEDNES
DAY ENENING.Oct 18th. at half-paM -even for the
purpo eot choosing a Major, in place of 11. i'. Jameson
resigned, and for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the Battalion.
lIAS. 11. HARVEY.
’ld .anl senior Officer, Commanding.
John w. Hadley. Adlutant. dst 013
piETEENTH REG’T REUNION
There win be a Reunion of the members of tiie Fif
teenth Reg't Mass. Vols.,at Horticultural Hall. Worces
ter, SATURDAY. Oct. 21st, 1871. at ten o’clock a. n.
Dinner at the Lincoln Ilou-e, at twelve o’clock m.
014 dlw I’. F. MURR Act. Sec’y.
25 th Massachusetts volsl
UIS TO ICY OF CO. K.
Comprising an account of all tiie engagements the old
25th participated in during its thne v. ar- of service to
gether with Koster of Co. K.aml Lists ol the Killed and
Wounded. Price 50 cis. Sent post paid on application
to WM. E. MUKDoCK,
«28 dim* 47 Congress st.. Boston. Mass.
O(’T(>I»K1{ BILLS. —Ai.i. Persons having
accounts due us. contracted previous to «ct Ist
are requested to settle them at once, tln rebj saving us
much trouble at this busy season of Hie year.
015 disti .1. 11. CLARKE CO*
FTHE ANNUAL MEETING of the
-I. ccster Count} Agricultural Society will b<4 lu.hlen
In this city Oct. IS, I*7l. at 10 o’c’oek in the forenoon -u
the Hall of the Worcester Natural History Societv on
Foster st. The business before the meeting will he're
ports of Secretary and Treasurer, election of officers in
ducing a delegate to state Board of Agriculture and one
member of the Committee on grounds for three rears
and any other business which may legally come before
the meeting. F. C. THAYER, Secretary.
o 4 d<twto!B
I MPORTANT Bi si7esß
L in Webster. Mass.—The tWo well known stores—
(.'rockeryand Grocery—of the subscriber’s, established
in 1*49. remodeled in I*7o. receiving a liberal share of
the best patronage of this thriving town, ami the exten
sive surrounding country.
The two brahebesoccupy two distinct stores, connect
ed at the rear by an office overlooking both, thus com
bining economy to the management with the advantage
of distinct apartments. Location directly opposite the
N. W. and IL 11. &E.IL H. Depots, in Hie commercial
center ot the town.
Stock in good condition. No incumbrance of old ac
counts. Sinwly a first-class Stuck and Fixtures, with a
flourishing trade.
Must be sold immediately, as the proprietor has
western business demanding his Immediate attention.
Apply at once to a. r. F. A. NICHOLS, on tue prem
ises, or to the subscriber at Webster.
W. H. PRATT.
Webster, Sept. 29, 1870. dtf n3O
DL A N T ~S~I PL A N^T’s I
J offer this Fall
A Fine Stock of Healthy Plants I
both for Foliage and Winter Bloom.
Having mo-e than doubled my facilities during the
past season, my stock is larger and more varied than
ever before. 1 make a specialty ot' Plants for HA NGING
BASKETS, and my Fernery, for clearness and variety of
Plants for WARDIAN CASES can hardly be surpassed
in New England.
I also offer a fine 10l of Bulbs of mv own importation
such as II LIPS, HYACINTHS, CRIHTs CYCI
MENS. Ac.
All business done upon honor, and all information
cheerfully given.
W. W. COOK,
TAIKTER’H i: I.EMIOI nK,
old d'2t£w2w
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICE? The firm
vy of Davis ft Knowlton,
Grocers and Dealers in Flour Grain.
s this day dissolved by mutual consent. The business of
the late thin will be settled l>v D. W. Knowlton. who
will continue the business at the old stand, No. lb Grove
street. J. WALTER DAVIS,
mv29 dtf D. W. KNOWLTON.
I* OST—Thursday afternoon, Oct. 12th, be?
J tween the Green si. Station and the Post Office
Pearl st., A LADY'S SILVER WATCH. The Under
will be suitably rewarded by returning the same to H>G
Green st., or at the Spy office. d3t* o!4
LOST— On Monday evening, Oct. 9, between
Madison st. and Mechanics Hall A GOLD BREASI
PIN, with blue setting—valuable to the owner :is a
keepsake. The tinder wII be suitably rewarded bv
leaving it at No. ill Madison st.
<•l4 d3t* Mrs. G. W. INGALLS.
I OST—On the eveiun -of Oct. 12th, in
J gdngfiom Orange to Foster st. or in Foster st.
Hall, A GOI.D EAR RING DROP. '1 he Under will b u
suitably rewarded by leaving the same at 100 orange st
014 d3i*
lOST— Between 134 Southbridge st, and
-J Blake Robinson’s, on the afternoon of October
14th. A POCKET-BOOK, containing upwards of *IOO
A reward of §2O will be paid to anyone leaving it witli
the <'liiet >d Fo,n r. Worrotcr. d'll op;
1 IST -On dinndhT st., A HAIR BRAUb
-1-2 The finder will be suitably rewarded by leaving the
same at 23 Chand er st. d3t* o i«
AfRS. F. N. MOORE’will go out by the
ATA day. with sewing machine or without—will d.o all
kinds ol sewing Machine stitching neatly executed
Room 9 Parker’s Block. 11l Main st., lower bell, niw'oia
Recons de lang ue franc aise/
Donnees a Domicile on Dans les Peiudonnals n? t -Mr
and Mdnie BONNAFOUB, natif de France. ,V adresser
No. 73 Rue Central, Worcester.
o!6 deopim*
jpASHA Ahl’S
ARABIAN COFFEE,
One lab. Foil Packages. 40 Lb. Fuse*.
RETAIL PIUCE, ‘J Q CENTS A POFNDi
<’IIKAP
UFA |,TH V I
ECONOMIC A 1< 7
DFlaXlors
TRY IT.
send tor Price List.
OFORBE S. A BAMS .V
s 4 d&w3in Nos. 340 As 342 Washington st... New Yor
El. 6 H G R I FFIT HS
CELEBRATED
I S A W S
W mill NA WN,
CKOMN-rUTNAWN, of all
Are Superior to all Otliera.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFECT SATISFACTION «VAKAXTEEH.
For sale by Hardware find Country Dealers, ami
t he Mauuiacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
d£w3m 115 .V 111 FcderulSt., BoMon
AV AN A CIGARS!
T undersigned are receiving by Weekly Steamer, a
full assortment of the most desirable brands oi
HAVANA CIGARS.
Their stock is huge ant thoroughly assorted, enabling
them at all times to fill orders promptly, with the hesh
•st and most desirable goods, and at the lowest prices.
Price Lists will be forwarded on applicdlon.
The following brands are among these which they
recelve regularly:
La Ro-a de Santiago, Partagas,
La Antlquedad, Cabanas,
Flor del Fumw, Figaro,
FlorilQ Sumo. Espanola.
E- thaiaules. Henry Clay,
Aquila du Uro, I ngenuh’aih
Upmann, lulimidad,
Cnurraca, Ro-aha.
Osaguera, La Reserve,
Murlas. A<|iilla Universal,
Aclaucton, E.-cepcion,
Legitimidad, Mcridiana.
PARK TILFORD,
021 .V 0553 BROADWAY.
New York. Aug. 1.1871. d3m au!7
Ladies- hildrens dbesses
AND UNDERGARMENTS cut and luadO, at 4L
Higbluud at. d2w* u!>