FIRE AND, DEATH IN CHICAGO.

VKh Most Disastrous Conflagration That Ever Occurred in America? Over One Third of the City in Ruins? Map of the
Destroyed City.
MfCH/GA N
?mill
liiiiiii
IIIM
a

1 MM M B M II 1
la the above map wfll be conveyed an idea
?f Ike ravages of the fire devil from the start
lag of the Ore Bp to a late boor yesterday
evening, bat it Is regrettable to add that even
fhe wide area of desolation shadowed in its
lurk lines does not embrace the whole
extent of the calamity owing to the
peering of the fickle wind from the
?oathwest to the north. This occurring
loo late to be indicated on the map, it must be
Imagined that the entire portion of the city
?oath of Ilarrison street and between the south
branch of the Chicago Biver and Lake Michi
gan, If not already devastated, is doomed.
Hundreds of thousands of people of all ages
^nd sexes are homeless, hungry wan
^lerets. Ten thousand houses are, at
least, wrecked and the city yearns
for relief. The first Ore, which cawed ?Q
?such alarm, broke out on Saturday *n!ght at
L?0 b Holme*' planing factory, on Canal
?treet, near Van Buren, in the western
jUrision, and consumed four blocks. Tbis
aisfiifi wae got under by the exertions
of the firemen, and Chicago rested, as it were,
alter one of its sensations, happy that the
fire bad been stayed. The feeling of security
was doomed to be of short doratioo, for
aa Sunday night the insatiate^ monster again
Spread bis lurid wings, and this time with the
portent of doom in the murky breath from his
Aery nostrils. The southwest wind was blow
lag a gale, and the fire, which hurled Its
blaaing brands and showers of glittering
?parks aloft, caused the cheeks of those who
witnessed it to blanch, as they saw It
?Mob out its long-reaching arms
ever the neighboring buildings and wrap
them In his frightful glory. This was at ten
?'clock al night, and occurred at the corner of
Jefferson and Dekoven streets, again In the
Western division. Onward the tide of Are
??lied, revelling, crackling and roaring in its
Aeetractlon. It caught the combustible mano
fcetartag places in its vicinity and hurried
?ksj with the cruel wind in the direc
ts* of the northeast There was a
euoceeded in every breast to the fright
?f previous hoara. It was that the river
W??ld afreet the progreee of Its enemy, the
fire. Up to the water's edge it rolled, and
?prayers Were seat up that, like the waters of
4fte led 8ea? M would interpose as
fttpaftal a barrier (be i*iae? ae
that did to Pbaraoh's boat. The fire
still lapped along the edge of the
river, and still, as la a lavage hate of man,
over whom it had for once triumphed, Rang
its eparka and brands farther, further into the
water, trying to plaat some mesaenger of de
struction where it longed to be itself. By the
glare of its bnrnlng the night became a mock
rey of day in its abnormal, shifting light. Was
there no foothold on which it could cross This
was the question asked by the fire. "The
bridges! the bridges!" shouted the multitude,
and one bj one their ponderous ligneous
lengths were swung around and left heading
np and down the stream. At length the fire
answered its questions by flinging a shower of
burning brands upon the Adams street bridge,
and the wind, the friend of the Ore, fanned
them until the bridge was all aflame.
cS" i?_ .-43> W* v
Now it had a shorter distance to
leap, and with a savage bound the fire was in
the heart of the city in its fat, rich heart,
where active wealth had piled its palaces of
commerce and housed its treasures in with
iron and stone and thought it was free from
the sweep of flood or flame. Eastward the
fire fourneyed with its fevered stride,
eating like a withering canker through
the vitals of the city. It wm not
long before the Michigan and Southern
depot had risen np in smoke and blase and
fell In ruins, scattering a deeper volume of
destruction aronnd than ever before. Now
northward the hell aagel strode to the empo
rium of rich produce It was longing for.
Now It bung around a bank, bnrst open
its doors, shivered Its windows, scorched
through its roof and toiled and burned its
fleroest till the great safe ah, the
safe 1 had succumed to its blasting, melting
breath. The fire bells all over the city were
booming continually a terrible tocsin, with
the one word fire in Its scorching throat The
people had bat to wake to know what was the
matter. The danger seemed everywhere. Out
in the street, half clad, dragging what could be
snatched in the hurry of flight, the strong man,
the half-fainting women, the children with ter
ror pictured in their wide-open eyes, all hur
rying, with "nowhere to go," All the fire force
in the city was combating the flames
as fearlessly ae brave men with their hearths
and home at stake well might. Without regard
If whvm U reached the f?|Uag fire licked
and consumed hotels and stores. Now
the Court House, now the Sherman
Hotel, anon the Western Union Tele
graph Company's office, then the Tremont
House, next the Chamber of Commerce,
far-famed Farwell Hall whatever lay
in its fated path? until it flnng itself
upon the great Union depot with its
spread of buildings, and had sacked with its
cremating arms the corn-storcd grain ele
vators by the lake and river side. Again it
met the water and again it leaped them
landing on the north side of the town. Here
it had nothing to stay its steps. Wooden
houses were but fuel in its way, and greedily
it enveloped and devoured them. On
ward for a mile it stretched
as the day broke, fear before
and ruin and ashes behind. Animals
burst forth from keeping and rushed blind
among the flames, adding to the terror of the
scene as they gave forth their cries of dread.
The homeless began to multiply in number
through the blackened light of morning that
paled but did not subdue the flames. A hor
rid thonght flashed to the mind of all. 'The
water works are in danger if the wind lives."
Up to Chicago avenue the fire raged

unabated in its fary. The rumor that hnman
beings were perishing in the flames became a
certainty, and what made the agony deeper
was that none could tell how many. Can it
eveT be told Eastward from Chicago avenue,
with the whole portion of the city to the
south one seething, reeking sea of
lire, it went and suddenly the water

supply failed. It was said that the
water works were burned. It was denied,
reaffirmed and again denied. The men in
power, with thf Mayor at their head, were
acting with the greatest energy. To the
other cities of the West went forth a cry for
flremen, and one and all the cities responded.
To the world went out the simple tragic
demand, which, in its brevity and pith alone
tells Its harrowing story "Send us food
for the suffering. Our city Is in ashes."
Houses were blown down that the fire might
be arrested, but it seized on the dlbris and
burned that too. Would the wilting wind
never die? It did not fall, it only changed,
as if it had exhausted all the demons whence
it came and then had called upon the North to
send out itp vand^ breea* It came
and the hear I of the city ?u fanned
afresh, and as night Cell it swept
down again npon the south ami
dashed its torches against the homes of the
wealthy on Wabash and Michigan avenues.
Down it came, an incendiary avalanche of Are.
Not a theatre, hotel, newspaper office, or any
building, pretentious or unpretentious, was
spared. It is still raging southward, far
below the streets upon our map, and will not
be sated until it has died in the fnneral pyre
of the greatest city of the West. Its damage
cannot be estimated. It may count from
$50,000,000 to $150,000,000, but its most ap
palling items of loss which touch the heart and
wring our sympathies will be that, perhaps, of
hundreds of lives, the loss of homes and shel
ter to those who have toiled and hoped through
years to a competency only to And it frittered
in a night, in the shivering women and chil
dren, in the nakedness and hunger of gaunt
poverty staring 100,000 souls in the face. It is
a terrible visitation, a dire catastrophe 1 May
God, who rides on the whirlwind and directs
the storm, stay the terrors of His hand. Let
man, woman and child solace those whom He
has stricken.
AID FOR THE SUFFERERS.
Work for Ike Relief Aasoelatloa la Ctaelanatl?
Prta?l Forward log of Hnppliro? Blaaketa,
Crarkero? Sawnfw Dollars Harried
Forward?1 Tke KLaka la tko Claetaaail la.
earaaeo Ofltceo.
Cincinnati, Oct. im.
The Chicago news to-day paralyzed public in
dustry. Business was generally neglected, and the
citizens turned out en rnatae to hear the latest in
telligence from the burn) ng city. Newspaper offices
were crowded to excess all day and are to-night
thickly surrounded by people whose expressions of
Badness and commiseration revive the memoir ot
the war, wIisd news or defeat reached the loyal
masses.
Private subscriptions started by tbe Chamber of
Commerce foot up tiou.ooo. The City Council
passed a resolution to appropriate $100,000. A com
mittee of the moat wealthy and influential citizens
are acting as receivers and dtnbursers. Three large
steam nre engines, (our hose reels and 4,000 feet of
hose were despatched by special train at eleven A.
i M.. and readied Chicago at six P. H. by special
train. A second special train left at Ore P. M. with
4,000 blankets, lfio barrels crackers, 4,000 pounds
bread, 6,ooe pounds dried beef, 3,ooo pounds san
sages and flu.Oou cash. It will reach Chicago a
little after midnight, and committees are receiving
cookeo rood, the donauons of ladies, which will be
sent by regular train In the morning. The relief
movement was inspired by Governor liayee, who
eMWdtva from Cot urn bus early tan jawBia*. am
labored with an energy and effectiveness worthy the
highest commendation.
Shelter tenia were telegraphed for, hnr, the gov
ernment haa no store here, and the despatch was
scut to Washington for au order on Jeffersonvllle,
where there are immense numbers. Of course they
win not be withheld. Tne following Is a list of Chi
cago risks bj Ciuplnnati insurance companies:?
Merchants and Manufacturers', $27,000; Globe,
$3o,ooo; Commercial, $4l,ooo; Eureka, $4,f.oo;
Evans, Lindsay A Casslltys agencics, $299, ooo;
Miami Valley, $50,000; Washington, $60,000; Union,
$'.'&,ooo; People's, $'25,ooo; Burnet, $ll,ooo; Cincin
nati, AO, ooo; Franklin, $15,500; Fire and Marine
$nn,ooo. The Andes say they will be ahlc to meet
all their losses. The Etna's risks arc not known in
the Cincinnati office. They were all taken on the
parent office in Uartfcrd, Conn.
The Aid idncment In Buffalo? One Han*
dred Tkowwud Dollar* PromUed? luaur
aace Canpulti Supposed to be In
volved.
Buffalo, Oct. o, 18T1.
The Chicago Are Is the principal topic or discus
slon among all classes. Business on the docus is
entirely suspended. Crowds of people now sur
round the telegraph oOlces asking for the last re.
port.
The President of the Board of Trade states that
Buffalo will contribute $100,000 in cash.
Fears are entertained that tho Western, Buffalo
City and the Buffalo Fire and Marine Insurance
companies of tnis city wi'l have to suspend in con
sequence. superintendent J. Tllllnghaat, of tho
New York Central Railroad, and Super
intendent Hatch, of the Lake Shore,
have Issued orders that contributions Intended
for Chicago be forwarded by fast train Tree.
Tho City Council at a regular meeting this after
noon authorised the Issue of $100, odo of city bonds
for the immediate use of the Chicago sufferers, a
committee of the conncil leave to-night with a car
load of provisions for Chicago. The officers and
exhibitors at the International Industrial Exhibi
tion raiso<l ten thousand loaves of bread,
to be forwarded at once for the relief
of the sufferer*. Owens' bakery. the
largest in tho city, has been author
ized by the city officials to commence withont delay
and bake night and dar until further orders for
Chicago. The excitement here Is intense, and the
sympathy of the ciilxeua of all classes is thoroughly
aroused.
Daaatlaaa frasa Obla a ad Haatbara cictee.
Cincinnati, Oct. 0, U71.
Announcements are coming In rrom ail parts of
the west and Southwest of liberal subscriptions of
money and provisions for the sufferers at Chicago.
Trains laden with Are engines and provisions are
being sent there from all points, with promises or
mors to follow. Wheeling, Columbus, Cleveland,
Toledo, Detroit, Indlananolia, Terre Haute, Evans
vllle, Memphis and Nashville, as well as larger
cities, are contributing noeraiiy.
Tbe Odd Fella wa la Kaebeater Head Aid.
Boca ism, IV. T? Oct iiti.
Toronto Lodge, No. I. o. of 0. F., contributed
this evening $2M to the sufferers by the great Ore
in Chicago. The other lodges of the order in tuts
city propose making similar donations, ir the ad.
dreaa of tbe urano Master of the Grand Lodge of the
State of Illinois was made pnbllo by telegraph It
wonld facilitate tbe sending of runda. The citisens
of Koch enter manifest much concern about tbe
Chicago Ire, aao extra precaution* have been
tbten M*u?t ire ja Uua city, JMbMNrea an being
Instituted to bold a public meeting in relation to
this terrible disaster.
Elisabeth (N. J.) Give* liar Mlt*.
Klizabktr, N. J., Oct. 18TL
The City Council met to-nlgbt and unanimously
voted an appropriation of 1 1,000, to be forwarded ta
the Mayor of Chicago, toward relieving the sufferer*
by tbe great Are. They also passed resolutions of
sympathy, and adjourned wlthoot doing any nasi,
ness, alter Senator WUly, the President, had ap?
pointed a committee to collect donations from the
citizens for the same object.
The Tranaportatlan of SaipIlM Over Weatern
Rail way a.
New York. Oct. o, 18TI.
The officers of Hie Oreat Western and Michigan
Central Railroads also announce that they will
transport, free or charge, from Suspension Bridge
to Chicago, all supplies addressed to me Mayor ol
Chicago, contributed for the relief of the sufflerera
from the great Are.
DESTRUCTION OP THE GOVERNMENT RECORDS.
Wash [notch, Oct, 10, tim.
From despatches received here to-day It it
learned tbat the records of the Custom House and
nternai revenue offlces at Chicago have been da?
troyed. Even if It be any longer possible to aecer*
tain the public debtors and (he amounts of their
indebtedness, collections can scarcely be enforced
against a bankrupt community, in the faoe of so
ruinous a disaster congress may leel warranted
in giving expression to the national sympathy
by remitting the collection of taxes for a
year, at least. The large snms involved in unsettled
and disputed revenue cases are lost to the Trsaanry
beyond question. Seventeen national banks, repre
senting a capital of $1,000,000, are threatened with
insolvency through the destruction of tbe material
security for their Investments ana the collateral
basis or their large temporary loans. The records of
the Military Division or the Missouri, Including
those transferred from General Sherman's
former headquarters at St. Louis, have shared the
common fate. These weie principally or valae in
connection with Indian affairs, and It Is not expect
ed that any practical injury will result from theis
destruction. The papers and vouchers per*
tainlng to tbe Montana Indian war claims
are also lost, but the gross amount of those
claims has already been reported to the proper
ooramlttee of Congress, and it Is thought thai
the amounts due to claimants can be determined
with sufficient accuracy. Chicago was one of th?
largest depots of the Quartermaster and Commie}
sary Departments for supplying the posts ta the
Northwestern Territories, and those departments
have probably lost considerable quantities of army
supplies.
From despatches received here this evening It ap?
pears that tns county land records of Coo*
county have tieeu destroyod. and It will be
impossible to escape much future litigation ovet*.
titles to real estate of Chicago. A large portion of
tnat city waa onoe included in the military reesr va
uon, which was some tnirty years ago laid, cut and
sold by the war debartmenl. Tbe record of those
sales Is unperstood to be no longer In possession of
tbat department and it nas not been there for aaay
years, nor can any information be supplied from the
geueral land office.
The urand Master of the Freemasons of the Ma
rict of Columbia has ordered a special meeting of
the Grand Lodge for to morrow mgnt to devfcm
miessiires for extending Masonic ai<F to ths Crater*
nity of the Ui fated city*
CONTINUED ON SIXTH AND NINTH PASS,