EUROPE.
Celebration of the Ex-Empress Eugenie's
Fete Day at Chiselhurst.
em DUCROT'S EXPLANATION.
Pmideot Thieri on the Oommereial Treaty
Between England and France.
THE T1CHBORNE TRIAL
The steamship Oceanic, of the White Star Line, ar
rived at tbia port yesterday from Liverpool. She
brings mails op to the 16th instant, one day later
?ban those already received.
Paris correspondent of a London paper says
lite Pope has determlued to leave Rome. The
Oaatean of Pan will be placed at his disposal as a
residence.
It was rumored in London, but no credence is
flven to the sensat on, that the generals in Parts
have formed a plan for seizing M. inters and pro
claiming the Emperor.
Advices from Rome state that great anxiety has
been felt mere owing to the rise of the liber and
the fears tnat an inundation wouia take place.
Preparations have been maio In providing against
the threatened calamity, bnt ram had ceased to fall,
aad as the river no longer rose It was considered
Ibat for the present daoger was over.
Prom Vienna it Is ascertained there is not the
?lightest anxiety in political circles that the resig
nation of Count Beust will lie followed by any al
teration of the principles on which (be foreign
affairs of Austria have been conducted hitherto.
According to tho Eastern Budget the surest proof
of this is to be found in the fact that Count Beust
has accepted tne post of ambassador in London.
About midnight on Tuesday, the 14th mat, au ex
plosion took place at the bprlng pit, Heudley
Green, between wigan and Bolton. Upwards of
sixty lives having been lost at this pit in 1868, it was
Nien mado a strict rule that no powder should be
used except during the night, when the majority of
the men were away, and then only under the direc
tion of a property qualified foreman. Seven men
were in the east part of the pit last night whon the
explosion occurred; six wore killed and the other,
the foreman, was so humqa that his recovery is
?Imost hopeless.
ENGLAND.
The Procrrae of the Tlchhorae Trial?More
Witnesses Recofalx tbe Claimant?Testl
raony of a Catholic Priest?What He XIae
to Hay About Tlclibornr's Kdsrattsn?Ptc
tarea Produced.
London, Nov. 16,1871.
enclose you a very complete resume of the
proceedings in toe Court yesterday or tho Tich
borae case, jit is takeil ttgi^the London Telegraph
of this morning.
This case wm resumed yesterday, the Court pre^
aoDiiug llmt wlilcli has become 1U normal appear
ance. Tne flfrrwUiicffl dallbfl WilB Ann Noble, wire
?f henry Noble, ol Tichborne, who Is now uTCJ-f-t;."
Eh old, and wus dairymaid there In It *9, during
lives of Sir Edward Doughty and Lady Tien
le, having known Mr. K. Ticliboruo well.
When she saw tho claimant at ttie Swan, at Aires
lord, in moo, she thought by ins features that ho
was one ot the licuborne family. Bubsequentiv
?he again saw tbe claimant, and, having conversed
with blin, became convinced most assuredly of his
Identity. Something was done In cross-ex
amination to indicate that the witness had
beon prepared by previous conversations
?bout Mr. Ttchborne's return to England
for recognizing aB liltn any ouo shown to
her: but in a generally simple manner, Just tinged
witn smartness, she in the main held to her first
assertion, denying emphatically unit aho over told
any one thai she did not recognize the claimant.
This witness' husband, farm bailiff at Tichoorno,
aext appeared to slate that liu hod seen tne claim*
oat at the period luat tits wifo spoke to several
thues; knew lura irom the first to bo Mr. Tichborne,
by every feature and gesture, by gait and voice, ox
eept that he was much stouter and his broken Eng.
dan mitigated. Ills walk was like tbat of old Mr
lames, anil that witness observed from a distance.
The witness being slightly dear, the peculiar In
flexions of voice widen gave so uiucti point to the
?rasa-examinations ol tUe Attorney ueneral were ne
Mssarlly somewhat ineffectual, lie admitted having
hear-' that Lady Ticnborne had recognized the claim
ant before bo saw him. Two photographs?one rep
resenting the claimant in bis comparative youth and
(be other us he Is now, were shown to the witness.
The first he did not recognize as a likeness of any
ane be knew, the latter he Raid was like Roger
Tlchoorne; a third, which was taken In Chile, he
Mold make nothing ol.
Mr. Mejrick, priest of the Catholic church, Bristol,
Who graduated at Oxford iu 1838, and rook first
Mam honors, said he was on a visit to the then Mr.
and Mrs. James Tichborne, tn i'ans, when he saw
Kung Roger Tichborne as a clilld, dressed in blue
o white, as a to the Blessed virgin, lie
nw the Ticlibornes afterwards In Rome, witness
went to ftioncjhurst In 1817, where young Tlchtioruc
was then, and was pained at the atate or hts educa
tion, as the betr of a great Catholic family, though
sthcrwlae his impression of him was favorable.
Witness waa sure Tichborne could not have con
strued Creek or translated s line of not even
the words "Laus pro semper," Having read the
Bpoes-examlnaiton or the ctatmaat, and consequently
written a letter- [an attempt to put In tins letter
wan disallowed by the Jndge}? the witness negatived
the probability of Ticnborne's being acquainted
With anything that, was going on In The Retreat at
?nratgreen, near Htoneyhnrst. Tho quadranglo at
Btoneyhurst, which tho claimant couid not remem
ber, was not in existence to htt time. Generally tho
examination in chief or this witness was directed
to verify, and, as It wore, to account for apparent
Inaccuracies in tno evtdenoo in reference to Money
hnrst given by tho claimant?us to persons, customs
and localities Having seen the claimant on Monday
and Tuesday last, the witness had tested him by
question*, and had no doubt tb.it he whs the
person whom he had known in early youth
and at Stoncyhurst. Tho witness frankly ad
mitted that, horn books and otherwise, informa
tion at out Htoncyhurst wh* easily attainable. Hie
witness stated that he had l>een a private tutor of
Mr. Ileury Seymour, uncle of Roger Tlcbborne, at
Oxford, which leu to an association between them.
The cross-examination of the witness was very pro
longed, and exhaustive of every point of hts exam
tnauon-tn-chlcf. Tho early photograph of Tichborne,
the witness said, reminded him generally or him
When a boy; there was something of hts mother !u
It?a languishing expression?and In his opinion
claimant had at times that expression now. The
modern portrait, loo, had some points of rosem
Maace to the young man he knew In 1848. No test
at the claimant's knowledge or Oreek or Latin was
?MWle personally by tne wuhch (several Mines tho
witness was told by the Older Justice that he almost
systematically avoided giving direct answers to
question* put to him.)
An elderly woman named Eleanor Smith, of Alros
ford, whose husband was bailiff to Mr Henry Tich
borne. spoko or Knowing Mio fauulx, and especially
Mr Alfred; and of tbe claimant's coming to her place
iwtf to ask for agios* or naicr. she knew him
Immediately as Itogcr Tichborne. talked to him, and
bad now not the least doubt about it. Exercising
his special isoultv that way. Mr. Hawkins, In his
cross-examination, got much amusement out ot his
colloquy witn the Aitueas.wiioat last said pathetical
ly tlmVsho was made very nervous. The witness stuck
so her text, that she know iho einiraant at once, not
withstanding IHh change rroin a very thin to a very
stout man, (rora hi-mixed likeness to his mother
and the Tithborne faintly, while the claimant said
Mint be should have known tier any where. Among
other tilings the claimant asked her tr she still
bad a large oil picture or the "Reformers," and ho
was shown It. Altogether, despite of any "nervous
ness" stio might Uuve fed, she waa a steady nnd
stanch wltneHs. A Mr. James Itowioston, who hud
been in tho employment ol Mr. Hopkins, in Poole, in
1061, told ol Ids remembering blrO. Phillips, M. P.
for the borough, retiring from the representation,
ami a deputation going to t'ptou, wliera Mr. K. r.
Tlohbornn was staying. He knew that gentleman
at that time, and having seen lilni on Tuesday was
convinced tbat he was the same person. The claim
ant spoke to him of Mr. Hopkins and tits sons, par
ticularly one with curly black hair.
In an Interval ot the proceedings Sergeant Halian
tlne stated t hat Uo had underrated me number of
Witnesses he had to call, and therefore ho could
form no idea ns to when the plaintiff's case would
M concluded. The Jndge suggested that tbe Court
should sit on Friday Instead ol adjourning to Mon
day, as had been arranged, bir the counsel on both
Mdes seeming to desire to adhere to the ai range
nient It stood.
Tbe picture of Lady TVnborno, which bad been
spoken of by Colonel LnsUtngtoii as being recog
nised by the claimant at Tichborne as that of his
mother, was hero produced in Coutt, and appeared
as a life-size, sitting, half length, 0? a lady in the
prime of her age, richly rlnipod, of naudsomo
feature* snd fine flcure, with a profusion of
Pars ringlets pendant on each side of lbs face;
not it is difficult to say thai any re-omblnnoc
socio be traced to i Ho claimant of to
After this tho cross-examination of
Howleatou was re-umed. and it was sought to
damage his account of tho deputation which went
from Poole to i?pton?a suggestion being, ss It were,
Insinuated that u went to Mr. Henry Hoyniour, than
mm of the members tor Poole, and not to Mr. Tich
borne.
Then came John Cooper, of Alresford, master
JSmNIM IMfeHJ flggfr *aowmu of the
Knows Uni from 1M? to 1?8J, and having seen
and conversed with the claimant many times since
his return to England. Witness knew him as the
same person, particularly by his knock-knees, wnich
was a peculiarity o( moat of the Tlohborne (aunly.
In the conversation between witness and the claim
ant there was much mention of some spurs, stirrups
and suitrcd birds, which the claimant suhl nc had
sent borne trora America, and winch witness had
seen, and the cross-examination sought to shake
the witness' account or all this and more of their
talk.
One Bailey, landlord of an mnatWrotley. pro
fessed to be well acmiainted with Roger TicUborne s
person, and believed toe claimant to be lnm.
The case was then adjourned.
The Empress Gnsruie'ii Birthday?How It
Wno kpe?i ut I liisellmnt?The Ladles of
Parte and heir Beloved Hove reign?The
Kmperor Receive* a Pnrlalna Deputation?
Adores* and Llis flapsiy's Reply.
IFrom the Manchester Examiner. Nov. 10.1
Tuesday was the "i day" (Ste. Euggnle) or the
Empress, on wnich anniversary it Is the custom on
the continent to make presents and oflerings of af
fection to those vii se nsmes correspond with that
on tue calendar. Tbe pre.-ent chosen by tbe people
of Purls, or at P ast by tbe sympathisers with the
ex-nni;erial family, as a mark of their affec
tion for the Empress Eugenie, consisted of
a couple of bouquets four leet in clr
cumierenoe, no arranged as to form an
elaborate monogram "Eugenie" and a magnificent
album, covered with purple velvet and mourned la
gold, with the letter "E," surmounted btr the impe
rial crown ot France, on the upper cover, also In
solid gold. The aioum contains the names of per
sons and Urms In Paris, representing In all upwards
of thirty thousand Individuals, who thus availed
themselves of the ou y opportunity at present af
forded them of assuring the Emperor or tnelr last
ing attaciimcni. There was, In addition, a present,
In the shape of a series of small bouquets, from tho
ladies oi Pans, a testimonial ol affection, headed by
Madame Eefebro, tho wife of the hue Prelect of Di
jon, and a similar eninicm of devotion from some
oillcera of the late Imperial biuuid.
The deputation numbered nine gentlemen and
three ladies. Arriving at the Culselhurst stailon
the two cases, of enormous dimensions, containing
the flowers were placed on tue top of a cab, wnich
lollowcd in the rear of tbe deputation, who walked
leisure.y up to t'amden House. At the entrance
faluH the card ot oue of the pariy was sent to the
!ifip?ror, with toe icssaae that a deputation from
Paris desired an interview. Alter the lapse of a lew
intuuicK ihoy we.c admitted, and upon reaching
tho house they were received In the cut.iiuce hall
by conite Davilhers, wno, a tcr ascertaining the
oojcct of the visit, toll them to coiumuu eale bis
Information to the Emperor, tic returned in about
ten minutes, and a moment afterward the Emperor
walked siowiy Into the room. He looked extremely
well, but appeared moved by Die presence ol uls
visitors and the object of their interview. Altera
few words from tue Emperor, in rec gnitton of tho
feeling Ihus evinced towards linn, the gentleman
who was appointed to act as spokesman ?omineuced
to ro ut an address prepared for the occasion, bur,
after reading a couple of sentences, he too, burst
into a flood of te irs aud was unable to proceed.
Ills Majt sty thereupon said lu French?"Lend me
the book and 1 win read it." lie accordingly read
lu siieuc^ the address, of whicn (he loiiowtng is a
translation!?' ??fit*
8ikk? hear tou the regrets of the eouniry of which we
are the faithful ecuo. Will Vour Majesty deign to offer thorn
to Iter Majesty the Empress on her return from Snahi f It
w.iuM bare been a great p casur* to us to contemplate Ilia
features of our much loved Sovereign but is fate has do
cideu otherwise, we shah await the privilege of seeing Her
Majesty lIU it has pietied find to lis the day. butll thai time
we shall hoiiiuiue to hope, offering our prayers for lire hap
piness and the speedy return to Krauc* of the Imperial
family.
Vfti. PEmprrt Mr Vic* Plmptratri<*l Viv. It fare /m
JkO-Vo'/
Rial?The youthful generation represented here presents
Sour Imperial Illahncsa the assurance for the present and
te future of ih? eneijcilc condiiuation of srnipa.hy end
devoleduess without limit, which the lathers vowed to tbe
father aud wuloh ibe sons to-day pledge to the son,
Tbe Emperor tneu retired and the deputation
were invited by the t'ointe Davlilietu to partake of
refresh incut. Upon subsequently returning to tho
rccoption room His Majesty came in, accompanied
by the Prince Imperial, whom no Introduced to the
deputation, observing, "llo Is growing qutttj a man,"
placing at the same time his arm on Ills boy's
shoulder. Trie young I'rlnco tli n gave his cartc-de
visite to each member of mo deputation, to ouch of
whom a photograph ol Emperor was presented.
FRANCE.
ITenldnil Jljlfn ??d die
Ta? Jonrmi ae's D&tja&f "pubfulie!i (be /allowing
lofler, wilted, it states, wait really sent by M. Tillers
to tbe Pope on the occasion of His Holiness com*
plating tbe twenty-flftti year or his pontificate:?
Most Holt Fame*?The French embolic* Mlnto with
respectful joy the iweoly-1'.flh anniversary of your tlo luess'
pontliicate. In oty capacity of Chief of Hie timet
'uuve Power
of tbe French republic, I associate myiclf with their tcnt!
mente, and hasten to make myeelf the Interpreter of their
wishes, Like them, I bare a hulred the noble hrmnees with
which yonr Holiness has nomtantly shown yourself superior
to the event* which Hod hu permitted to occur dunnc tine
louc succession of year*. Adversity could not overcome
J on, .Mid lint hut lllii't rated the greatness of your faith and
bs eplrmloi of your apotlollo virtues. Franne, alao tried hy
mts'.oriune, baa found great consolation In the generous
charity of your paternal heart; the offera von the expression
ot her glut tud". It ia for me a distinguished honor to be at
ths aoiemn moment her faitlitnl interpreter, and to he able
found respee*, of her live y gratitude and of the ardent
wishes that abe cheiiihee lliat Plus the Ninth may continue
for long years to come hla memorable Pontliicate. The chief
of tbe exe tullre power of the Freuch republic, A. TllIiiBS.
Ueacrtl Ducrei sad the Canlereacc of lis.
veatkrr, 1870.
The jMtrm of the 15th alt. publishes Iho following
letter from General Ducrot:?
Tbe Patrl' of the 10th of November contained an article In
which I was In mine degree called upon to communicate to
the public what p.iesed at the conference respecting the ar
P lathe In ihe early pat t of Novumbcr, 'ITU. 1 regret that
am unable to respond to that InvitHtlou, but f am of tbe
opinion of those who think that e soldier, Uke. a statesman
or a diplomatist, has no right to divulge the secrets with
ste 11
ihlcli be may become entrusts 1 ny virtue ot bla public luno
tloni. liavlng been Interrogated hy tbe committee of tbe
National Assembly appointed to Inquire into tbe acts of the
government of the itfi of September, I stated In respect of
the interview at the Bridge of bevies sad of msny other
to tel"
matters all that I had to fell as n public man. My depo
sition was faithfully recorded hy the shorthand writers, I am
certain. If the sovereign Assembly should ihiak It proper
to make public the results of that Inquiry your desire will
be gratified. In the meanwhile I would venture to ob
serve that ynu are strangely mistaken lit attributing to
?tie any portion whatever of responsibility for the act* of tbe
Sivernmeul of September the 4th. Allow me also to tell yon
at 1 am surprised to find a journal like yours making
Itself the echo of tbe miserable orgs us of lbs Commune by
repealing after theui tbe only accusation which, notwith
standing their rage and burning haired, they baye been able
to bring agal-.iat a mau who, during the siege of Paris, never
fiae p?
Slilted the advanced posts, and who, If he has been a gene
I unforiunate or ineapa'ol* -history will decide-has at
itt siren proof of some devotion, and li..? shown blmeelt
more careful of tbe lives ol hie soldier* than of his own.
Thiers ww ike i oinwterclul Treaty with Eng.
laud and !li? Bsnnpsrtes,
The Puns correspondent of Uie London natiy
jVt>graph reports a conversation which lie had i
with thn President of the French Republic. Tlio
corrcepondnuty aliasing to the Commercial Treaty,
totd M. Thiers that a locling was springing up m j
English commercial clrc'.os towards prance which
was, to say the least of it, to he deplored:?
M. TitlSltn aaid?Ths French government Is fully aware of j
what you stole, and no one can deplore it more than we do. i
At the same lime permit in* to say that I think the Kngliih
nation haa, as a rule, misunderstood both our reasons for 1
doing what we are attemiillua and ths details of the luodtQ- i
cation* we atk. The treaty consist* of nearly a hundred arti
cles. Of these we only wish for a change in three, and even
those three rear some day be restored to their present con- i
dillon. In all that regards trail, coal, mineral oils, beer and
numerous other goods, leave the t-eaty as It is If; what I
we ask Is a slig.itly Increaeud larlfi upon cotton, cotton
floods and cottondwlst, so as to put them upon something
ike an equn'.ltv with our own goods of the snroo kind, which
iliemq greatly in want of rooney> we arc obliged to lax more
heavily thau bofore. Your countrymen, who are by far the
most pMctieahtr people in hnropa, hardly readme the enor- i
nsou* weight of lie peyrnemt* ws have to make to Uerrasuy I
and the stupendous expense* entailed upon us by the Isle
wlckec war. Alllheso psyraonls utnit lie made; we must,
thin
above and belore all things, keep our credit aud meet
our ttnanclal engagsa.enta. tren our most de
terratucd enemies will admit Ibis. Bui engage
remits canc it be met, payments cannot he
made, Without money; and the clearest-headed flnendal men
In France admit that to In. iea? Hi" Isvss on our own nianu
factored goods?which must, of eonraa, be met bv a ourre
spon.liug isxatlon of the same goods Irora other countries
Is -me ol the moil legitimate ways of pulling ourvelve* In
fundi Moreoyer, let me o l! yon?what 1 have never yet
?e. is staled in any Freuch or Kngha'i pnper, but which I
I know and can prevn to 'jo a fact?the empire had before the
war fill y Intended to modify the sains articles oi the treaty
which wo propose to touch, and to unite as groat an extent,
i Wears w no means enemies of tue treaty; hat wu been
j so w might have denounced It soma luontlis sgo, nod
It would now have onlv a few tnoi.tut to run. If all n"go
j buttons fall, and we denounce it In February next, there
1 will attll he a year before It c mcs to an end but We hope
I and trust It itcrcr will come to sn end. If .1 be denounced
In February wa shall lie able during the following
year lo come to ar. understanding respecting the modlflcs
llotis which we require to be made in It for the ieterests of
Prance. And I beiluv, that if ths mo-tlflcatlous we propose
are carrl'd out to the full the trade betwetn Kngland and
I France wtii not be diminished in tlio least. I lutes read In
I some of the Knglish caper* -end in your own correspondence
I from Fane?that in adopting this temporary protectionist
policy wo are killing the bird for tlie sake if ths eggs flits
is mistake. The utmost people can say with justice
against oor policy l? that, being sorely In wsnt of funds,
wa are about to mortgage, (or a short time a valiiubls source
or 'noore*. 1 know th tf our eneml"* ar* everywhere making
the tnosl of this act ot what tbey form protectionist policy.
To* pantsans of the late dynasty have evidently stirred up
lua i ubHfl mind against us In England its well as here.
We value the friendship of fcneliind, and admire
your groat nation far too mueh to be Indifferent to
1 these things. But our tongues are lie,'. It is only
j in the Assembly that wa can vindicate our sets;
and foreign countries seldom read speeches on flnanclel
lostts.e, or II tbey read th?m they uo not take much Interest
in tha n. I repeat that commercial man Id Kng'and have
either misunderstood or lave bsea led away hy those who
i wish tbrm to ir,;*i:ni'.er?t.ii. I ths detnii* of thess proposed
1 mo btiostious In the Treaty ol Commerce; and they will find
thai, If earned out to the tnil, tbo balance of trace between the
tw countries will not one lute more unfavorable to then*
thau it is And i am quite sure that whan your men of
bovine** look at u.a subject from other iban a mere partial
view iboy will of me s*u.? opinion.
The correspondent ansed m. Tutors whether or not
he tKHtevwl In tnc eior'.cs of Ronupuriut intrigued
and au Iiuponullct reacUou.
?In those tntri.reea I do iwlleve," he said, "hut not m any
reaction. Wual Isyouroplnlou You see a great many of
ail cltseet .rod opinions, an I they don't hesitate to apeak
their minds before an KngUshman do you think there baa
been any reaction In fnror of the erep.re?" "I do aol," I
replied. "I nave never yet met a man of any potl
tton In Fans, and attll leaa In ton I'rovln. sa, who said
i Tk
bs wished to sa* th* Kmperor return. Th ere ar*
Farlsiao shopkeepers who say so, confessing tbalr wishes to
be liMplrcl by the belief that there would be mora money
.JltfM e^oub M# U?? BMP* wnM H tmm
Utey arc bow. There are alio journaliata who talk loudly
about the return of lite hn>| eror, and declare that
there ie nothing elae for Kranre than pereenal govern
ment But these men do not torm the real opinion of
Fiance. 8liai?;era In I'arle read th'-xe journals, see only
what Is oa tiis aurlsce, know iiollimg as to bow the
wires are nulled or who pulls th ui, and give oedence
to what they see in print merely because ft Is in
print." la. Thiers listened with attention to my
remarks, and said he believed 1 had formed a true opinion of
the matter. With reepert to the arllc'es that hare appeared
of late In tome ultra radical newspaper*, M. Thiers was ex
ceedingly cautious. lie said that their waa a point beyond
which no government?not even ibit ol England, where
every one had lull liberty to say an I to print his opinions?
could permit Ihe press to transgress: but thst great allowance
must be made at the present time for the excited stats of
people's feetln s, which would in time probably onlm down.
A few worus respecting the gri atly Improyed discipline
and appearance of the. army naturally brought up the ques
tion or Franoe's preparing lor w.r. Nothing could he mure
decided thau M. Thiers expressions to the ctlect that the
country had need of a defcutive, but ceitxinly not of an
odeosire army and thai all her hqjiea of prosperity lay In a
steady determination to maintain peace with her neighbors.
I mentioned the reports that hud cot abroad iu the h rench
press, anirmuiL' thst M Thiers himself hoped to be the
Instrument or avenging the disasters of the late
war. Us laughed heaitily, saying that it thoae genii emeu,
who seemed to know his thoughts better than he did himself,
could only feel his wsigbt of years and of work, they would
be more circumscribed In thi license thry gave thtdr powers
of Invention. In this I confess I conid hardly apr-o with him.
With the exception or Lord Pslinerston 1 never sew a man
wbo bore age and toll as M. Thiers dues. Emm hvo A. M.
until midnight, with Ihe exception of an hour for btsskluat,
two hour# 'or walking or driving aud two hours for dinner,
he never csases from work? not eveu ou Sunday, aucording
to the rery bad ouslom of France.
Br-RIHA'S BE lROTHAL.
A lardy'* Wardrobe Last and Won?Virtue
Triumphant.
Bertha Irntcr, a young and blooming German
frnulein, witu rosy cheeks and hair of the hue of
tbc Gothic Dlonde, some time ago was working In a
saloon in Chatham street, where she formed the
acqnatntance of a countryman or lier's named
Julius sellers. Their acquaintance ripened into
friendship and their.
FniBND.SUIP INTO INTIMACY.
Julius was unremitting in his attentions to Mn
fair Bertha, and with a woman's trust she confided
everything in him. in duo course of time one
Charlio Marx, wen mora money than Julias, out
less attractive exterior, came upon the sceno. He
lavished his love and wealth upon Bertha, be
decked her with jewels and wrapped her
fair form In costly silks and brochd shawls.
Baying thus won Bertha's gratitude he was
graciously admitted to ihe circle of her admirers.
Combined intercourse served ouly to increase una
to enhance the charms 01 his enslaver. A marriage
proposal lo.lowcd, as a n .turui sequence, aud
UKHTU A AOqt'lKSChO.
Supplied with fuads uy the ulorcsatd L'narlro, she
repaired to her mother's homo m Springfield,
Mass., to prepare for the approaching nup
tials. She departed accordingly, but re
taining her simple faith in Julius, entrusted her
now ample wardrobe to ills seeping. Julius, proba
bly stung bv jealousy ,>r actuated by some baser uu
pulse, proven laiuuess to his trust, and
nl OrtlKCATKb THE VAI.l AHI.ES
his care. The watchful Char
lie, however, was not go easily deluded, and
kept a vigilant eye on ihe ??suliiperjp' Julius,
and delected bun in his clandestine operation*.
Bertha was away, nut, determined to lose no time,
he at once appned to a mugistr.ile lor legal redress.
The lady's absence, however, proved an insuperable
bar, as no complaint could be entertained without
BEE l'EUSONAL PKKsENOE.
Not to he roiled, witu Luslness-lliie promptitude
he procured the sei/.uro of the articles, aud they
were at once removed to the Team precinct
station house. A telegram was immediately
forwarded to the owuor, to whkn slio was proinot
to respond In person. Yesterday mornlmr she ap
peared in Essex Market Court, bciore Justice Led
with, and made her formal complaint. The recreant
Julius, who had so abused his irnsr, seemed com
pletely crestfallen, aud could hardiy realize that his
Comic blonde shuu d, In police parlance, Ignowiu
loualy
"DAVE CONE BACK ON DIM."'
Charlie Marx, n tne contrary, looked radiant,
ana ills eyes gleamed with more than saiislacuon.
He said naught, bnt calmly awaited t.ie decision of
tne Justice. Whcu the magistrate decided to nold
Julias under $000 bull 10 answer at tne General
Sessions Charlie's features ussuiurt a glow of vir
tuous triumph, lie offered his arm to Uie rosy and
laugntng Bertna, cast back one of his blondest
guinea on
ms dkjbctbd rival,
and thus vanished from the court room. With the
two attendant policemen bearing Bertha's ward
robe the victorious party loruicd a triumphal pro
cession up Grand street.
THE SIIYVISIYT BANK.
Medina of Indignant l)epo*l tors? A f'nut
mlllec ol" liivcntluuiion Appointed.
A meeting or tne depositors of flie Stuyvesant
Dank was held yesterday evening in the Sinclair
House for tlic purpose of instituting some inquiry
relative to the atrairs of the establishment. It will
be remembered that this hank suspended payment
ou the mil ult., and tunt on tne following Tuesday
a receiver was appointed. Since that, uine it
would appear that the depositors have been any
thing out satisfied at the manner In which business
has beeu carried on, many of them aliening tnat the
bnnlc officials declined to aiTord facilities for an ex
amination into the actual condition. The meeting
last evening was numerously attended. Ex- Judge
Kelly, rrcsident of the Filth National Hank, pro
sided. The general objects 01 the meeting having
been net forth, Mr. Collamore, the ex-prcsidcnt
of the Institution, underwent some question
ing irum Mr. Hayes, who Interrogated hint
aa 10 the general course pursued by iho
bank oiticials. Mr. Collamore staled that there
had been a loan of Jins.oo.i made to a Mr. liurtinan,
but tueru hail ?my been security for $as,oJo. The
bans had done mostly a discount, business. He
would not venture, however, to give any definite
opinion upon the subject, not being ucquaiuted
with the inferior operations of the establishment.
He understood that tne bank would be able to pay
one huudred cents on tbo dollar. Mr. T. Kedy
sold mat from what he had learned ho
thought the hank could not pay more tiiau
sixty cents 011 the dollar. After considerable
wrangling and a great deal of contusion,
tne depositors all the while asserting their rights
ami Claiming an investigation, a committee was ap
point? i to corner with tbe receiver, examine the
accounts and report in a week, tho following belief
the names of the gentlemen nominated:?F.
Hares, C. Pruyher. William White. John T. Kellv
Kiei J. A. Doiigae. The chairman was also added
lo t.n? committee. A vote of thanks having tieen
pas-en' to ihe proprietors or the notel lor the dm of
the parlm. ihe meeting adjourned.
Till; HOHh (IF THE eOKAUDiS.
Coroner Hcrrmuu held at Inquest yesterday at the
MevcnU'cfitb product station in the case or a man
named BebcncK, who was inn overou Monday night
in Flint avenue, by an express wagon, driven by a
man named Henry Harris. Tbe testimony disclosed
that (he deceased was grossly intoxicated at the
time, anu that the driver did his best to stop the
horses. A verdict oi accidental death was re
turned.
A woman nu'ued Mor.y Ann Rrowu. aged nuriy.
live ?ears. died yesterday ai her late residence, No.
East Kighih strecr, from burns which she re
ceived by tne explosion ol a kerosene lamp.
Philip liicken, a seaman, died at the Centre ft red
Hospital yesterday from injuries received by a fail
on board the steamship He Kuyier, at 1'ier No. a
North Diver.
A child uHiued Thomas V/iugttnn died yesterday
of convulsions, produced uy a toa spoonful ol whis
ker, which was given to htm Mommy night. It Is
supposed thai ttie whiskey whs poisoned, uud a rigid
investigation wll. be ni>i?,ie.
An Inquest was lici t yestcr?] iy by Coroner Toaug
In the case o'' .lu ob Kopko, w.io shot himself
through the he.id. at rl Christopher street, on No-
vember 20. The partlcniure havenlready ,i|ipoared
lu the Hkiialp. A verdict ol suicide, while in an
unsound state or mlna, was returned.
A chilli named i?lza Connors, who was bathed
on Monday died yesterday.
Coroner Hermann held an inquest vest or day ou
the body ot a man named Join Monahon, who
wan Injured oa the moi,dug of the lftwi ol November
by a piece of rock which fell i?u him iu Ninth uve
lino, between sixty-sixth and dlxty-sevcuih s'ree??. i
rfeveral witnesses were oxaralued, w'io testified
tnat the stone, which was being hoisted out
cutting by a chain, slipped and strnck de^s*od
(list on lie shou, ler aud ihea toll on hi* out and
broke It. Most o tucnt testified that ?e deceased
had no rlurhr to stau 1 under U" stone, una if
he had watrlicd tt as it ascended that he
must Have seen it ami boon n?'"? to get ??0i of the
way. Ihe median! tesuioony went ou io show lout
there whs n chance of HjV hi g t-i? mans ilfc If the
limb was ampiiMMdp btu m.s relatives refuse to
permit the ob?"*'Ion.
Tho inrysvilretl, and after remaining awav three- i
ouarrer* ol au hour returned with ine following
vcnllct'Wo accord 12,000 to the widow ot the do
ceased." The Coroner informed thctn tnat. tl.ey
wore only to inquire lute the cause of death, and
they again retired. In a short, time tire mil'win a
verdict was returned;?'Wo rtiul that deceased came
to his dcain bv being struck with a piece of n-ck, l
on First avenue, and we censure tbe contractors, .t.
?I. Miner ami J. Crawler, for not employing cupa
ble man to silug stones."
THE MEfAIKIE COURSE RACES.
NSW OlU.EAKS, NOV. 2S, 1811.
The race horses for tho coming meeting at the
Meiafriecour.se are collecting lu force. Mr. fan*
ford's string are here, ail w?H. and so aro Babcock's;
but Oaffney A Tully's atrmg have not yet reached
tha city. Tney are expected In the morning. There
are about forty horse* i?e grounds. A spirited
meeting is anticipated. The Louisiana State Fhir is
sun well attend*) MO *iu continue severnt day a
THE MACE-30BURN PRIZE FIGHT.
Neumtiog In New Orleans? Arrival of Mace?
Uhul He x?yn-The Benin*.
[From the New Orleans Time*, Nov. 24
i This distinguished exponent 01 the "muuly art"
reached town on Wednesday night, au>l. having
taken up lila quarter* at Uil?oru'*, No. 17 tit. Charles
st net. hat heen successfully inter viewed by a host
or the curiously Inclined, tor whom a sight at a prize
ring chauipiou possesses a insinuation which even
many very inconvenient neck stretchings
(all to destroy. ieui has been truining
ac Ctuclimaii under the lnenioraiilp of Jim
Cusick and Poo'ey Maoe, wno arrived with
him; and, contrary to extensively circulated
i reports, ms regime nan brought mm luto Hue condi
tion?m taut, he declares nisi he never felt In better
trim in ills lire. An interview with Mr. Mace failed
i to elicit much, except that lie is quire renoeni In
i an expression of opiumn touching botu Ills antago
nist and the coming nght, und is withal decidedly a
mm^ommittal person, iho burden of his scntl
I ruents seem to po.nt to but one thing, tind that is
his determination 10 bring me coining contest to a I
i Untie issue, if there he any such thing possible, llo
1 stigmatizes as "aosartl" the theory that there will
be no right, aud savs:?"Do you think l would come
i all the way down here it I wasn't us determined to
fight as I am to liver Why," said he, "ho auvinus i
aud tlccided am 1 thai rather than there shoul I be
no tight t will agreo to meet Uoburn moue aud have
it out tu a six uy uine room or anywhere else." 1 lie
lietllng ranges at tlic odds of ahout two i
to one In favor ol Mace both here and i
in New York, several bets Having b. en made j
last night at loo to so and 60. Jem left tne
city yesterday, lor a convenient point on the New
Orleans, Mobile aud Texas ltotiroad, between Una i
i city aud liO'ialdHonviUe, where he will put the (In- i
1 lsiuug louche on his "iorin divine." To tho ques- i
tlon, "fro you propose to give an exhibit! n bctoce
i the match; lie replied. "No, sir; 1 came down here 1
to flght, not to give exhibitions." Although public
confidence is very "shaky" concerning u bullet lu a I
j fair prize light, there can be no douui that in thlB j
Instance the ailair will not oniv come off, but it will
i he dockied on lta menus ami it promise* to be otic
or the tougneat contests ever known to the ring. I
i The stakeholder expresses himself to the effect that
It eiiner iuan uttempts to shirk tue responsibility of
a fair meeting ho will hand over his porilou of tho
haute money to some cnarttuhle association.
Coburn is getting on nuciy, ins coudliion being
repot led as superb, and ali houdi bodi men will ho
i equally matched in size and weight?each expect
i ing to fight, at is.'), Couuru wilt have the advantage
I tit youth, his age oerng tlm-iy-six, while Mace kicks
the beam oi lime at tor. v oue.
There will probably no a larger gathering at the
ring on the morning oi tue .mil than has ever been
i seen upon a similar occasion, there being already m
i the city large delegations iroin New York ami oilier
cities a noticeable mature oi which, however, is the
absence of the rough thieving cietucnt usual at such
J events. Their failure to put m an nppeurauce will
I be a .source of congratulation, although it
is said that a certain amount of respect for
the peculiar ideas of Judge Lynch is answerable
lor the very excellent coarse adopted hy these
outlaws or society, press reporters irorn all tno
liim class journals of tlio country are gathered hero
i like some vast host, all eager for the my, which will
afford the exquisite pleasure of Hashing toiuelr mil
lions of readers the lutelligcuco ??u,ai Joe got home
on he horn of Jem, ana tnut Jeru hit Joe a dig In tiie
i ribs that made him sick."
The (riends and admirers of Oobarn have ten
dered him a complimentary testimonial sparring
exhibition, which will take place at Turner Mull,
Saturday evening, November 25, upon which occa
sion lie will be assisted hy Ned (I'll "id win aud otner
bcxers, who will 'rise to explaiu" a:l about the dc
lighiiui mysteries connected with the nobie art
which results so frequently iu bloody noses and
I broken heads ad libitum.
The Fighting Fever on the Increase ni New
Orleans? Condition of the Men?The Bet
ling.
New Orleans, La., Nov. 2%, 1871.
Tho righting fever seems to increase as the time
approaches tor the encounter between Mace and Co
burn. Nothing la talked of In tlie clubs or about
the various hotels but the probabilities of tbe issue.
Coburu was here to-day, bustling about the busi
ness part of town, and was an object or great in
terest. Tne odd* ou Mac-.! to-day were oue hundred
to forty. Jem is hlty miles away from nere, keep
ini qiuet, but wtll be on the battle ground at the
appointed time.
THE WAft OF CrfEtiDi.
The Long Inland Bible Uow-.Hoce 'VcholMr*
lilnmlssed?1Tlie Inl'ciiiion I n (oliiiznt.
The Mlblicul war still continues to occupy a large
portion of the public attention, not only In itie place
where it first originate!, Hunter's Point, hut ulsoln
Lou# islam! City, which, nufortunarely, has toooiten
beeu troubled by stiullav difficulties. It now seems
tbatihe infection lias rapidly spread itself all round,
and it Is feared by lovers of |>eaoe una Harmony that
it will. If not stopped before u increases too much,
cause considerable nnxotv to the public mind.
Another batch of scholars has oeea suspended,
and It is needless to add that Mil those children that
rciusc to read King James' version are Roman
Catholics. Yesterday brought forth Jn its train
another day of trial in the buiig Island City school
trouble, ft seems that on tbe assemblage
of the scholars at the school yesterday
morning a fair proportion or the num
ber of scholars suspended were found in
their respective seats. This action on the part of
the scholars was owing to the fact that their parents
had promised a compliance on the pait of the schol
ars with all the regulations established b.v tbe Hoard
01 Education, on the commencement of the read
ing of the Lord's Prayer by Mr. tteiburg, the Princi
pal, It appears that Miss Katie Dcmicn, the little
culprit who lirst commenced the row, jumped up
and expressed herself after the manner that alio
considered it a sacrilege to listen to the recital of
the Bible as read in the public scnoois. Another
followed and nearly Hie same scenes took place that
were enacted on Monday. 8ho was promptly ex
pelled. Thirteen other scuolars were suspended.
All dar yesterday the greatest, excitement prevailed
among the parents and inouda of the scholars m the
neighborhood or the school. A large number of the
parents called nt inc scnool, and in almost every
ins!ancc they used very disrespectful and even, some
times, outrageous language towards the Principal.
In one case Mr. Solburg's lne was threatened by
some man, who was promptly arrested and put
under bonds to keep the peace, The rage even took
possession ol the women, since one was can led
down stairs by two policemen. It was Justly con
stieied at tnc lime mat her language was entirely
until lor any kind of de< at .society or
delicate ears. Although everything that
really could lie expressed to exasperate
lue feelings of a man was hiulrd against Mr. St>l
bnrir, he very kindly gave everybody an audience,
including, ol com -e, a large corps <>f the New York
reporiorhtl shut, me most of the "Upended scholars
managed to get taken back on the parents' promise
ol good bensvtor and obedlenoo to the rnlea. Y es
terday. a. Hie opening ol the MfeOQt exercise* U
the (second ward the boys commenced most outra
geous proceedings, hallooing, veiling and
making most unearthly noises. tine or
tbe older ones told the Principal to lake bis Bible
and go to hell with p. Finally the riotous scholars
were persuaded to leave and quiet was rcntmcd.
The police force at Hie schools has been doubled.
l?n Sunday night the lower windows of the First
ward school were all broken, and the sashes of
many ol them. Ily some it Is proposed that all the
schools be closed until the excitement subsides and
quiet Is once more restored, fly others a coufrrenco
committee is suggested. The latter pun, It is un
dot-Mood, will be acceptable to the Catholics.
?IHIl't:* TO IRIQK.
A Martin* Frnweliinnn CewtinlU a Burgle ry
?n Tiffany A ^tnre.
Tiffany A Co., Uuion square, on account of
the urge amount- or valuables contained In
their store, employ twelve watchmen to sleep
therein during the henrs ll remains closed.
Alsyiil flvo o'clock on Monday morning Robert
?,actor, one of the watchmeu, was awakened by
hearing a noise on tiie ilrst door, and getting out of
bed in hlsMocki'.g foe? proceeded partway down
m*h?. ?nd was somewhat surprised ou seeing a
d?fy. ragged-looking ludiv.dual standing st one of
the large showcases, which contained a large num
ber ol voluable wnUhc", endeavoring to force It
open. Sso quiet wa-< Ills decent the burglar did no*
hear ntiu, and proceeding to a side door he
emerged luto tlm street and secured the services of
oitlcor Mead, of the I weny-nlntu preciuot. The
i wo. upon returning to ilia store, still found ibo
burglar iudustrmusiy at work.
Upon approaching him ho quietly surrendered,
and accompanied tne oitlccr to the .station house 111
ThlvUnn sin-et, where he gave his name as
Franqou Fournter, and residence at 2a Houth Fifth
avuune. Ho stated it was poverty and want
that, had compelled aim to commit this, his Qrst,
crime, as he had not tasted lood lor two dais lior
slept in a bed for one week: tnat be caiue to this
city about thr-.-c months ugo irom France, when; he
had served all through the war and been honorably
discharged. He Is a stone mutton by tiade, and.
being unable to obtain work, became envious of
Tiffany's wealth and concluded to appropriate some
of it in order to mako hnnscii comfortable
and keop wie wolf from the door. When
naked how he effected an entrance
ho stated that on Sunday afternoon he
made his way to the roof of tlie Spiiigler donso,
nlneo hi. rr.iKMi.n uvor ;r
from wlucn place ho crossed over?7""?.ro?i q!
Tiffany 4 Co.'s store, where ho u,,u'
four o clock in the morning, wftrvj10,?? ?"ii
the skylight, and taking off h*'
to the tlrst floor, fin hutc", T.". I'll ,T ?i
burglar's tools gje-A 'in had no opportunity of
using o wlnuAr ?tort tline he was lu the pi ace,
llo xjpied before Jnstice Shamlloy, at Teirer
___ JIKet, yeaterday morning, ami, pleading guilty
IffiH charge. wag /our eoaniitteu m triafe
LECTURES LAST BIGHT.
PIEE8 AHD HOW TO PBEVEIT THEM.
b> I'roft M*r Dorrinw.
l be second of the n? r i s of lectures by Professor
Poiemus on science wan delivered last evening in
the ball oi the Young Men's Christian Association.
The subject was "Hie and Its Treatment." A good
deal of valuable information was given relative to
the nature and origiu or the element. Hre assumes
various forms. Sometimes, ns heat, It cheers aud
revlvtfles tlie system enfeebled br cold;at other limes
tt assumes the more terrific shape of conflagration,
as it has lately done in the West, and carries
with U all the elements of desolation aud terror, it
Is the moet awful exhibition given to man of the
potency of the Creator, Its power, either lor good or
evil, being incalculable. Various have been the
theories held at various unfit as to its nature.
Lorn Bacon maintained it was a mode or moiiou;
the same view was held by Sir Isaac Newton, and
in our own time the theory hue been
revived by a nuiniier of eminent chemists,
chief among tlie.11 sir John Tyndal, who has
written a book in defence of its truth. It hud been
considered by the ancients to be one of the ele
ments; but this is not maintained at the present
day, and we are in a oertaiu sense at sea us to Ks
proper place lu creation. The causes wntch pro-
dure tire, however, are well known, the chief among
t hern being combustion, whlcU is probubly the prlucl
pal, tlic main, cause of most of tne tires which occur
in our largo cities, i articles of matter brought into
contact with each oth, r baton mutual mtiuiry, and.
attracted with the wind, will, In numerous in
stances, kindle into a ttauic. We frequently read or
Instanoes where the leaves of trees, rustled by the
blast, lgui'o and produce terrible conflagrations,
such as have lately occurred in Wiscon-un and
Michigan, wnere whole loresis wen- destroyed from
this simple cause. On the .same principle a body
trave.llng witu great velocity coming in contact
with an opposing force produces lire?as, lor 1
Instance, u projectile striking against tuc I
side or a ship will Bend Ion It sparks
ot flame. The popular the "l ies which
wlil lie intelligible to all relative to the production i
01' ibis element are easilr explained, it Is by
chemical means that we are dally mustering all the
dlnicullies oi science, and among them this priori- i
pie of Are. Chemistry explains what Is known as 1
spontaneous combustion, which would otherwise 1
seeui very mysterious, if carbon or charcoal be ex- J
posi-d to i lie air it can easily ignite, and In Hie same
way sott coai. lu one year the Metropolitan bias I
Company lost $125,000 by the burning ol their soil I
coai when exposed to tne air, aim in the same
time tweutv eight oi the coal ships whh li left
Liverpool were never heard ot?-apposed io
have oooii lost lor tne same reason. Another great
cause of lire Is electricity, which has beeu feuriuily i
illustrated by the destruction of Chicago. Ihe air
is surcharged with the ether electric loreo, and in
sncn weather as we have at present this can l>e
easily proved, if a person who walks a dmiance a I
day like tills comes into a watui room aud rubs ills
feet lor a length oi time on a carpet or rug in a
short lime the electricity will penetrate lo ilic very
tips ot urn lingers, and a match applied (o thmit will
ignite a liaine. This theory explains such phenom
ena as wu read about in the papers In connection
with the destruction of Chicago. People who lived
loug distances troin where the tire was raging, wim j
had no idea ol moving to a place or refuge, sud
denly discovered their bouses ou ore tn tt manner
that seemed inexplicable to them. The truth or the
theory is easily explained. Great Arcs, such
as that one, create a strong current or electric
nlr, which travels over great distances,
frequently firing a city in places widely
apart. The knowledge of this nrinciplc should
create a counter element to prevent sncu disasters,
and it is behoved chemistry is able with lis com
paratively limited knowledge to suggest one.
Aparc from tills, some valuable hints arc being
thrown out by men ot science relaiivo to tbo build
ing of onr cities. The long, narrow streets are, it Is
said, very dangerous in the presence of afire, short,
broad Btrects on tlic European plan being much
safer aud less expose I to the ao'ion of the Haines,
borne improvements mi/lit be made in our Fire Do
pertinent. It has boon suggested thai instead of
water being solely depended upou us an cxtm
Sitsliera reservoij should W provided lu all our
rger cltie6 filled with either carbolic or sulpliiino
acid, which would l>e much more efficacious
than water, ir pipes were connected with the
reservoirs, leading to onr large establishments, In
case of a fire breaking out at any time, the mere
action of turning ou a valve and filling the burning
apartment with the gas woulu extinguish the
flames. The same metnod could l?e employed at
sea. on ships, and the disasters that are now =o
frequent could be easily prevented and controlled.
A number of other valuable suggestions relative
to the means which it wonld be advisable to take to
prevent fires in our houses, cities and ou onr per
sons were offered uy the rrofc-sor, and well re
ceived by liiu audience. The lecture was beantl
luily illustrated, tne experiments being of the most
elaborate kind, and the audience lea",lied their ap
preciation by repealed plaudits.
0BDEE8 OF NOBILITY.
Ltrlnr* by ibe Urv. K. 11. f ha pin l<tii
Er?oidf.
At tho Plymouth Baptist church. lu Fifty first
street, between Ninth unci Tenth avenues, the U?v
Em U. Chopin lectured last eveulng before it large
and very hishiouable audience. Uia subject was
"Orders or Nobility." The reverend lecturer
descanted at some length on the many growing
evils of American society, ono or the
principal ones being that so many rush
into work and callings that they are
not lit for, because they tniuk that what they are
capable to pcrtorm Is vulgar and degrading, all tue
proicssions becoming thus tilled with Incompetent
nobodies, while good mechanics and agriculturists
are scarce. He llicn ridiculed the absurdity of
American aristocracy, as there could be no distinc
tion of birth, the only distinction being the dis
tinction of wealth, and that soon us?g itself
up In the course of a lew generations.
But there is a nobility attainable In this country,
he continued, and that Is tho nobility of inmost toil,
the nobliltv of tnought and tho nobility of soul. AH j
work Is noble, And the degrees of nobleness are in
creased by the way la which the work is performed.
Home young ladles carl their lips at the
idea of a mechanic, and prove their vulgarity
j by marry lug a profligate or a fool. Who
are mechanics t They are those who have
I cuanged the race ot civilization and handled the
I levers that have moved the world. Higher still
I than the nobility of work la the nobility or thought.
I Men value the offspring of thought more than the
greatest manual dexterity. In schemes or mere
nrtllty tho simplest screw may ne of more
i account than ttio "Midsummer Night's
l Bream;" but tn the realms of impalpable
j inought, v/here men have dwelt lor ages,
the poem Is more than ??Archimedes' lever." A
man becomes noble just as bo assimilates and repro
duces truth. Nobie thought is right, geuercus,
true. The man of pompous assertions lias always
1 the meanest and narrowest of t noughts, because,
j instead ot drawing them Horn the malms ol truth,
lielakesthem Irom tne the attenuated con fines of
i his own soul. There are maur noble souls who
dwell In humble placo, mum" saints who have
no niche, many martrrs who have no palm.
Have nocoufldenco in him who says he has no iaith
S In man or woman. buch men, whatever their
wealth, whatever their power, whatever their
genius, are essentially and truly vulvar. There ate
1 too many bad great men and too many small good
men. What we are to strive forts to cultivate a
nobility of purpose In all our actions, a largeness
j and generosity In our thoughts and n universal
I sympathy In our souls. These are the orders of
j nobility.
AMERICAN GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY.
I This very learned and useful body, which has ua
I rooms in tho apartments rorinorlj devoted to j
the use or the Bryan Gallery, cooper Institute.
met lou evening for the purpose of listen- j
lug to a very interesting lecture by Mr. J. j
Canon Brevoort on the "Yerazzauo Map,"
d u plica to copies of which had been presented to the i
learned society by the College Propaganda do Fide, I
at Rome. Tho Recording Hecretarj a-mi red the
Herald reporter that this was A favor sel
dom accorded, ovon to goverwncriis, and was
a particular compliment to txe society. Ajrorig i
those present were Mr. floury C. Murphy, Judge i
Henry K. navies. Profess"* weber, lleury E. Pierre
pout, M. Paul Du Chadta and other*. The lecture
was an able and Msanaitve ono, and was listened
to throughout w"n much attention by a select audi*
once. At th? conclusion Mr. Houry C. .Murphy pro.
posed a voce of tlrnnks to tho loctnror, which was
adopted unanimously.
MINISTER SOHENOK'8 WASHINGTON RES1
PENCE,
Tmot, S. Y.. Nov. 27, 1*71.
To rim Kpitor ok rug fliRAi n:?
Bkah Sin?My attention bus been called to the
letter of your Washington correspondent dated No
vember 2A, in which he says It la alleged that the
residence of General Schenck in Washington "was
presented to him while Chairman or the Commutes
or Ways and. Moans, by Mr. John A. lirtswold, of
Troy." Best some of your readers may receive as
truth Mils unalloyed coinage ol the brain, 1 l>eg. with
your purolssiou, to say through tho columns of your
paper oat tho allegation has not a shadow of it
sba-v of truth. My personal acquaintance with
funeral Schenck and association with him lu ton
ansa tut a fellow member of the Committee of
Ways and Means places him, in my estimation
among the very last who could oo Influenced by
improper considerations tor his acts, official or
peivoual. Very truly, Ac..
JOHN A. G Rib WOLD.
WY0M1N0 8AY8 THEY 8HALLN0T HAVE IT,
CHRYENNB, NOV. 27, 1971.
1 he bill for the repeal ot female suiTroge In
Wyoming passed the council to day, the vote being
IVOJOMtOfOaf MVIk
HUHTIUG THE RED fflEH.
Uni'ed State* Troop* on Raid Against the la*
diana in Tex**?Interesting Account of
Their Encounters and Exploit*?A Re
view of th* Act* cf the Arizona
Apache* and the Effect Humane
Treatment Ha* on Them.
WASHINOTON, IX 0., NOV. 1871.
The following general order, detailing the surces*.
lui operations of our troops against the hostile In*
dtaus, published in recognition ol the energy and
good conduct displayed by the troops who tool
part in the various expeditions, has been forwarded
to the War Deparini ;nt Irom the headu oarters of
(he Department or Texas:
('api.iin A. it. ChafTee, rtl x t h cavalry, left for
Knhardson, November 13, ii7i, in command of a
small scorn. Just belore dark on the 14th of No
1 vernher a liHUv of twelve Comanche Indians w.ui
discovered and promptly charged. running light
ensnoft, but darkness put a slop to the skirmish.
All die shot* were tired while the horses oi the In
dians and ol the troops were at full gallop. Seven
animals were captured.
First Lieuicnant P. m. Bochin. Fourth cavalry, on
I a tlilrtv days' scoot from Fort Hlchardsbn with
twenty-five mon o? Company A. Fourth cavalry, dia
covered May 20, 1871, a liuntiug party <>i lour Co
Munches on the divide between the Itra/os and the
ItijT Wachlta, and killed one Indian and ills Dorse.
One man and two horses ol Lieutenant itoehtu's
paiiy were slightly wounded.
Lieutenant Colonel w. tctthafffer, of the Twenty*
lourtli lufaniry, with a force of six oillcers of tiio
Twenty-iourth infantry ana Ninth cavalry, seventy*
live enlisted men or the Ninth cavalry, and two
guides from Port* Davis and Stoekion, leit Varnia
springs on June s? I. 1871, and murche 1 in a north
erly direction ucro,s (tie I ecott into ihe staked nam.
on June the scout encountered a small party of
Apaches mid captured one Indian, sixteen a.iimalu
ami all their cm up c.jutpaje.
sergeant M. 'larringion, of Company M, Kighth
cavalry, with ten men oi companvM, left rtan Ant<?*
Ulofor the viunity of Bandera Pass on J one 27, 1*71.
on July 4 he lounu and ni tanked a small party of
Indians ivlio were driving out a herd of horsos, and
succeeded In wounding two indiums aud recapturing
forty-seven horses.
This small party m soldiers was handled in a
mo*t vigorous m inner Jroia the start. The ser
geain secins to have kepi his men to saddle all day
and had his Horses shod ny candle light.
boigeant Harrington reports mat, while ihe citi
zens in tiio vicinity of Handera were very anxious
to be protected troui the Indians, with the ex
ception of Mr. (ialkiRiior and Mr. Hodman, none of
tlieiu would guide hi* puny through the country or
assist, mm in any manner.
First Lieutenant W. C. Hemphill, Fourth ??avalry.
in command ot Company Four h cavalry, left lor
Fort Cone.iO July 13, 1871. un trie lOtn of Julv a
small party of Indians wore discovered, all ol whom
escaped, leaving In the nunds of tne scouts their
saddles, animals and about one hundred head of
cattle.
Lieutenant Hemphill and his command are justly
commended lor inoir energy by the Post Com
mander.
Captain F. W. Crandal, Twenty-fonrtU infantry,
with Second Lieutenant. Uardeur, Twenty-fourth
infantry; foriy men of Company A, Twenty-fourth
infantry, and twelve men of company M, Ninth cav
alry, leit Foil McKanett July 26, 1871. Julv 31, they
fell in wiih a small parly'of Indians aud killed one.
Captain J. U. Cous, Twenty-fourth lutauiry, with
a command consisting of second Lieutenant J. L.
Bullls, Twenty-lour th infantry, with lorty-slx men
ol Company F? Twenty-fourth infantry, and ten
men or company M, Ninth cavalry, I ft Fori
McKanett August 18, 1S71. Ou the 1st oi ttoutember
Lieutenant liullis, at a distance from the main party,
with four privates of Company M, Ninth cavalry,
discovered three Indians driving a herd of about
three hundred cattle. Lleuteaiut Bullls attacked
at once and recaptured the herd. The Indians were
pressed closely about a utile, when they joined a
party of fifteen more Indians and stopped to make
u fight upon the top or u hill, being soon mined by
ten more, unking in all twenty-eight Indian*.
Lieutenant Hnllis, wifh Ills Tour men. attacked tnem
and maintained the Unlit lor upwards oi thirty mm*
ut.es, but fonnd ii linposMole to dislodge them, and
retired, taking with him a second herd of cattle
which llid Indians bud collected, numbering about
two hundred.
Captain I). Kchooley, Twenty-flith Infantry, with
Second Lieutenant P. Keiiihcr, Twcutr-dfth infan
try; twenty-seven men of Company L, Ninth cav
alry, and seveiitecn citlseiis, including the well
known Indian lighter named "Ban," left Port Duu*
can on September 23,187r, in pursuit of Indians who
were raiding tin (he vicinity. The trail was round
and followed with such energy that oetore noon ol
the 22<11. ho Indians were In sight, near the mouth
of Ism Moras Crick; but owing to tne faot
that the Indians wore continually mounting fresh
Dorses aud dropping the Jaded ones tne scout
could not. torce them to a light, and was barely aide
to keep them in Hight lor a distance of about torty
miles farther, when the Iudlana succeeded In elud
ing pursuit the scout recaptured thirteen am*
I mni*.
Tlie Triache rati* AyMliim a* Art statin.
A private letter irom a gentleman of intelligcuo*
and blgri character, refilling at Tucson, Arizona,
contains the loilowing interesting reference u
recent events in that quarter:?
The autoccdauta aud record of lleneral Crook cave uh ail
C'UiMiient arsurunve iliat ho could, arol m certainly w >>tld, If
out Interfered wllb, bring these Apache outrages to an end,
and place theae mom merciless 01 ?;,ra?e, into punltlon of
entire submission and orriar. The ttenural eel about
his talk ener^Ctica Iljr. Wherever ho could nnd
frap,mauls of the race disposed to tri al, or even to talk over
their supposed grievance*, be aaiuireU Ui?m oI hin great and
UDi|iialIfied dc.ire Tor peace, and urged them eloiinentiy to
co operate with him In brtnulng the recalcltren' and openly
hel'lgerent to term* of amity throutb negotiation If pos
alble. oiherwlae by active war rianauree.
tlagili, the well-known chief, end his entire oaod
pruwsted that they could not have peace a moment
tor, aoon, and aa an evidence of alncerRr he enlisted
twenty-live of lus Immediate followers, and put ihum
promptly on the war path. The result, there waa everv rra
H'lit to antlclp.ite, ensued at once. Nagiel and ale men were
at war with nil the Indiana hostile to the whites, and aa a
tnatrerof self-preaervaMno were bound to be faithful allies
of ours. Ilia plan were so well laid and an far matured
that In leas I1,au e half year more than one half of th*
Apachea would have been ranged on tbe.slde of the whiles,
and at the end of the year we should have had a lasting
peace.
At this point Mr. Vlmvnt Cotyer appeared on thw ?aans,
and by lira profiles use of bribce and presents, Induced
many of the noeil'e Iudlana to come In. They came In, but
it aai aa co<pierorsdl.*?tlig terms of peace. By Coljer'a
policy, aa you will have already leu nod, they were induced
to belle.'o that, aa allies of tbe government, they were at war
with the oltlrens, and Ihat Ihey imre auliinrlied to conic and
draw Ore days' ra'.iooa at any time and depart aa they
pleated.
A rtsponeihle array officer at Fort Uraal laid me yesterday
that It would iw finite possible, aud even eaay, for Cochise to
murder every mm in Tticaon, and. by hastening to Korl
?Irani, rec-lye ample uroicctlon and receire abundaut ra
liont. When, laet June, the Indiana left Fort Ureal they
had not gone two mile* from tne poet before
tber murdered a farmer named McKengie. The
thief laid <'Oliver that be killed htm with hie
own bania, acd that subsequently be headed tbe
attack on tbe train w ,ieh Pnptnlu Smith wat escorting at a
po'iit rime thirty mli<*it aou'h of Ibis place. A eentlcman
suggested to C'.lyar thai the savage cole! eimnld be turned
t fiver to the civil authorities for trial, but Coiyer refused, alleg>
Ing there liml'i?eu ret illation enough, and continued to m
gurd thia aanpt.inary vtllxln aa an cepeclai (tivoritc, present
ing Mm with a red aauh In testimony of respect lor bis
l bravery.
i At Apache, soin?tiroe trace, an Indian speared anil killed
Mr. Hedjnra, antler of IIP- post, a man of high --harartcr.
Culver telusee to hear a word unfavorable to tbe I ml lane.
I and hat behaved to the ?-tigyns aa If they were thieves and
murderers, and will soon unquestionably puuiisb a report
addressed to the people ot the United Stab-a con
vi ring tbta injurious impression. (Juvernor Saf
ford has aven issued a proclamation in tba
I earns sense, so anxious was l-e tbat t.'olycr should
be met with a spirit ol kli.dntrs, well knowing that If h#
i would listen with any degree of falni-se be could bo satlslled
i that the people were welhni?aoln? and after long years of
I axpeifencs certainly must tnotv mom of the Indians tbau
I he possibly could, tet lie lias treated the cltiaeus with un
dlsgn'sed contempt, an i, as I am credibly informed, baa per
slstnutly ridiculed the Governor's efforts to oo
taln a friendly meel-ng and a friendly nn-lerstnud.
lag. II would almost seem as if he wished
to drive our people to commit some overt ante, in order that
the Indian King mlgulfcaie material to keen op the prej>
d'ue ggmlust frontiersmen, and therel y continue tb If pl'ui
taring acbemes .u the name ol humanity and charlt) lor the
poor Indian.
But t,i return lo the poor Indian. Tbe most savage
and brutal ere (rated wttn tbe most marked
kindness. Poor Mii-ell, who was our m :sl faith
till ally, and hie people am in constant lear ol
being murdered bv t'olycr's pell, who are fed and clothed at
Co rap A p>t .he. The old fellow is despondent, md ugrs so
far from hit alliance with ute wMtes proving ben?(iefal to
hint, be finds that th- worst savages, hie enei.ns, art
fed and rare I for far better than he and hta trine,
who are In hourly fear of being inaa.acred on
account of that very alliance. Is II any won
der tbat we reel a little discouraged r We, who bars
striven to Jeve'op Arizona, have left lo us Utile hut the sail
conte.np'alion of net ited tlekle and freeh-madn graves of
many of our be it irlemit I are not naturally of a d- spend
ing (oraporameD but I assure you that Culver's do Icy must
ho apon lined, of the people will be obliged to abandon
the country.
MEW HAMPSHIRE ELECTIONS.
I'wrianouth tarried by tb* Republic una.
Portsmouth, Not. 28, in7L
l li?? city etoctioil reunited In a republican victor/.
Morion D. Walker was elected Mayor by 328. ma
jority, in a rote oi 1,7.14.
There U a groat republican (fain over lust spring.
Ms lepniiiican.t and two deutoorau wore elected
Aldermen.
THE NEW JERSEY ELECTION.
Tkkntom, Nov. 21, is>n.
Tbe zttai* Cauvaflscra met to-day, and they and
the Oovernor declared tho official result to be:?
Parker, 88,3*2; Walsb, 78.188. Parker's inajority,
3,V7!t.
CHICAGO.
Investigating the Hans* of lb* Flrc-Aneent
Unlst-d iur the Knlfenrs t* Date.
COICAOO, Nov. 28, H71.
During the tnvostigntlon to-day Into tb* origin dl
the lire a witness stated tbat tbe old part of tb*
Court iioaso roof whs tar covered, an* that th*
cornioea were all of wyod. rendering it an easy
mailer for the roof to igb re.
Up to this date th?> Chicago Relief and Aid 80
rlety has received f2.fio8.ooo cosh for the beaeQt ol
the sodterers by tne lire. The contributions
ao* ion# MaMff and TtrrtuwHas