-r r- te-awiCtfH -tegg- Mhr. fyM abasia.!. ..wwa wm-m. 3. ---s8r -r j J' r-" sWWgWMls "ip tw Tw4'-P'r- ju..h.i whimm" iimwiiii.,...aji. jw
"T-t' Z .7 "7.7 ...ft:jir'j.?x t: tv,
..i, t ft:: i 1
salsMiaIWsssasaansslsan
Letter from a Republican to
TIE W K KKL CILAMIIOW,
Tin: A M tK.
W)a Count U.U. iu itwtv.
yt mI e t VIis. Iul tiU I n tUe
Cit In Hie ytntl Tut."
iui: 'OKiir ohum.k" siiks h a "mu
I'riiin t'n ishuVit Tim"..
So-cnl'ed If.-ti. V mm, the
man of ihe I; i IumI miM W n,-, .1. p.vli
Irom the lidnrSt aIVleo I lie l-nl I
1 "VT7 ATPrtOWl
II I! OI.I-HI-OOIEI aad II A II-
C II. W. AT 1
MCOOIIA.
VOL., XXX1V-NO. 44.
JACKSON, MISSISSIPPI, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1S71.
82 00 PER VKAR
ferdict of Coronor's Jury.
phe bnenn an Accom
plice or tne mur
derers. r ,i:i thi: MA(;iriUTt:s
f tt lltH t l' AX UlIFIAl'K.
p,evure pe emitted' Jlo go at lar'je, armed! t
titrate and Depraved Character of
lilLMERand CHISIIOLM.
'k. 1'iiriiirr u KcIdcm from Ala
Jhuiua t'r Imllllna; a- rrnliaaa.
e boasts that he has gov.
lALCOIiN'S WRITTEN PEK-
MISSION TO KILL "D D
REBELS AND HE WILL
liE PARDONED!!!"
Jiizens of Kemper thrown into Prison
by Federal Soldiers, without war
rant, under the lead of Gil
mer the Assassin and
Chisholm.
itru;c Appeal to o v. Alrora to
rrmoii t BiKholn, anU liOdgo
ilhr AMamiM iaJHll::
Jamk I Alcorn, Oovkrnok, &C-,
1 5i v ikak Sir: I purpose, in as brief a
saiimT a- possible, to describe to your Ex
.4ii'y lne itotion of a flairs in the
tgpuniy ol Kt;mer, and particularly the
5wle and oiitraxeou.x conduct ol'Cliisliolui
slit-rifl'of lliat county.
1 1 may .rli;ip8 secure a fairer hearing by
Jatinrf that iii olitica I am a Republican.
"Jjtiis coiiffjiou of political faith, however,
tnuircs some qualification and explanation
I onlT to ?uard myself from niUconstruc
ua. My lepublicanUui does not lead me
siineiii'ii any violatiou of the rules ol
tmejty, or the principles by which gentle
cnare uniformly guided both in private
$J public life. I have always supposed
fcurKxcLllency belonged to the like pollti
J iiliool and that, if you erred, it proceeds
Iholly from an error of judgment, not
ni rottenness at the core that you would
Dt knowingly aid in oppressing the people
iMUsiitippii nor retain in office men who
IserveJ the halter far more than the in
fnia of ollice. Under this beliel as to your
tiiicile and patriotic instincts, and not
iuioimding you with the rogues and
fcavi' nroh'sMng to be Republicans mere
If for the sake of pillage, and plunder, and
Ittty vengeance, I now add rets you
ferougli the public prints. The sequel will
tow whether 1 have placed a proper esti
mate on your character and principles, or
listaken them.
On the third day of October, 1371, Henry
f. l).iw-;oii was brutally assassinated at
ooba, in Kemper county, by William
Javis and one Gilmer. The investigation
f fore the Coroner showed that Dawson
'tjd been brutally, wantonly aud barba--tuly
murdered and tiiat must stand as a
;ilicial aeertaiiiment of the good of the
iine until Tle matter undergoes further
iimiiKiiion. The Coroner issued warrants
:r Iavi.s uud Gilmer aud deputized eight
ri n to proceed 10 DcKalb, where Chisholm
iie bin r ill', was protecting them, and arrest
;ivU uud Gilmer, and bring them back to
:Jroob:i for trial before a magistrate.
fii.-fiolm refused to give them up refused
allow their arrest, and set the warrant of
t inugixtrate at defiance. He did not
ktn con line lavis and Gilmer although
illy aware that they haa committed a
irutal aud aggravated murder, and that
iurrants of arrest were issued by a lawful
$!ker, but permits them to go at large at
ieir own pleasure, fully armed. I need
firdly argue to you that wheu a Sheriff
ows persons have committed a murder,
d that warrants of arrest have been issued
the proper officer, he is bound to arrest
U murderers and confine them in fail.
uil they shall be discharged by due pro-
s ot law. The ease is much stronger
liiist Chisholm, the Sheriff of Kemper.
Immediately after assassinating Dawson,
avis and Gilmer started to DeKalb to put
leniselves under the protection of the
hcrill", aud as he was a party to the diabol
J&l deed, they met him two miles out from
ooba, aud all of them returned to DeKalb,
lulting over the murder. Arrived at De
Vib, instead of placing Davis and Gilmer
I jail, as his duty plainly required him to
p. Chkholm, the Sheriff, placed them in
ie upper room of the court house, sum
'iied fifty negroes to guard them and
l.wed forty loaded guns beside the mur
erers, and flatly refused to give them up
those deputized in writing, and armed
kb. the warraut of the Justice, to arrest
Both Davis and Gilmer are now at
arge, armed, and are uiheld in this course
jthe bherin.
lakyour excellency if this conductor
iii--hohu meet your approbation t Do you
pold a Sheriff in such conduct as 1 haye
Nerihed? It is just such conduct as this
prrupt and dirty knave Chisholm has
Na guilty of, that provokes citizens to
fd of violence and lynch law. The
'aole blame rests on corrupt officials,
tiiose oppression and misconduct destrcy
fe coutidenee of the people In the public
Peers.
pir.it is impossible to build up a party,
pere sueh unprincipled knaves as Chis
hu anrt Gilmer are placed la the attitude
I leaders. No decent man can, or should,
FPeet such men all feel that they are out
f place any where save in the penitentiary
f on l"e gallows, and thi very thing is
Fst'ned to work the ruin and destruction of
l Bepublicau party, if a remedy be not
yplied. And, while I am a Republican, I
P not, hesitate to say, that if the Republi
Party has no better men for officers than
hisholm; and Gilmer, or if having better
n' it persists in putting forward such
matures, and upholding them in office, its
rethrow would be a public blessing. I
i lrtinly never should lament it, nor would
7 honest, decent, patriotic Republican.
This man Gilmer, U not only stained with
le .blod of Dawson, but is a refugee from
Ltice for various crimes. He was guilty ot
swindling in Butler county, Aian and
1 h confessed, as I am Informed, that he
nw under indictment in Alabama for the
"fder of a Freedman, and that he only
rfessed to be a Republican in order to in
J jour Excellency not to surrender him
ot. Lindsay. I understand that when
tt in his cups, be boasts that be has killed
're Ulen. He is nMn nnuh to commit
F y crime, and is just as apt to have told the
Vm have lled-
Risholnj, the Sheriff, is an abject poltroon,
i all the vices belonging to poltroonery,
Pla complete knave. He haa administered
"'C estates nf th AaA nnrmmla tfrnnmr.
d no one has ever heard anv more of these
ates. He quietly put them in his own
ket, u plunder la his game.
1 coiQte nance such infamous creatures in
u multiplied and petty oppressions of the
'pie in their open violation of every law
'heir unblnahfnor nuifamnt tnr hnnAstv
decency T U tha Republicaa party to
be turned into a political Alsatia for all the
murderers, rogues and scoundrels in the
land, and are you to go down t posterity as
the protector, ally, and alimoner of the
outcasts? Are rogues and murderers to be
made the officers and leaders of the Repub
lican party, while honest men are to be
frightened out of it?
I am credibly informed, that just after
Dawson was murdered, Gilmer one of bis
murderers slapped his hand upon his pocket
and publicly declared, that "Ac had your writ
ten authority to hill any damned Democrat tcho
mii1it cro hit path; that he hld your pledge to
pard'jn kimr I ask yov, Gov. Alcorn, it
Gilmer uttered the truth, when he made this
declaration? Had you made him any such
assurance of pardon in case he committed a
murder? A member of your own party has
oo declared, and I call on you to say whether
be told the truth I cannot believe you
could do so wicked a thing, yet it is proper
you should publicly deny it.
If no steps are taken to bring Davis and
Gilmer to a fair aud honest trial for the mur
der of Dawson, and if they are to be protect
ed and screened from such a trial by Chis
holm, the public will be warrauted in con
eluding that Gilmer had ample ground for
his boast of impunity from punishment.
It is In your power to remove Chisholm, and
appoint an honest man in your place; con
sequently your retention of him, will amount
to an endorsementof hU outrageous doings.
It is in your power also to cause Davis and
Gilmer to to be arrested and confined in a
secure jail until they are discharged by due
process of law and your failure so to do,
must satisfy the world that Gilmer was
really promised a pardon before h killed
Hal Dawson, and that you were a party to
the bloody crime. Will you cause the laws
to be enforced impartially
I wish to call your especial attention to
another phase of Chlsholm's lawless and op
pressive doings. Ue and Gilmer, backed by
a squad of Federal soldiers have gone to
Scooba, to arrest the citizens promiscuously,
and it is believed, this is done without war
rants, without the shadow of lawful author
ity, unless might has come to be right.
These citizens are honest, clever, and law
abiding men, and are guilty of no crime
save that they consider Chisholm a scoun
drel, and Gilmer a murderer; were they as
sured of a fair trial, they would have no
dread of an arrest, and would never escape,
but they arc afraid of lettert de cachet ol
arrests made in violation of law of a trial
where corrupt knaves are to pack the juries
and suborn witnesses. Nor can any sane
man at ail blame them. There is but toe
much room for the apprehension they feel.
My God, Gov. Alcorn, can you look at this
picture without a thrill of horror? The
citizens of your State, flee because they can
not have a fair trial Are you in any way
responsible for this melancholly condition
of affairs? Have you employed all the
means in your power to avert, or correct
this evil? Have you removed all unfit offi
cers, and substituted honest men in their
places
But you may plead that none but the
guilty flee that is the case, where justice is
neither sold, nor corrupted but when such
creatures as Chisholm bear sway, none are
in any danger but the honest and the iu no
cent. A single illustration will make my
meaning plain. Chisholm, as Sheriff, turns
Davis and Gilmer loose to go whither they
please, although a coroner's jury has found
them guilty of murder, but the citizens of
Scooba, whom he has arrested tor no crime
or for infinitely smaller crimes, are closely
confined. And I have heard that a Mr.
Jackson, a one armed Confederate soldier,
has been put in irons while Davis and Gil
mer, murderers, are at large. Is that jus
tice
Let uie suggest to you, that Federal sol
diers were wholly unneeded to make arrests
in Kemper, and that it is very poor policy
to call them in as special constables. This
employment of Federal soldiers serves to
keep alive the animosities kindled by the
late war, and to infuriate the w hite men
the old citizens against the Republican par
ty. It certainly furnishes them good ground
for charging that the Republican party is
kept in power by the bayonet and by
force. I know uot how you feel on this
subject, but w hile I claim to be a sincere
Republican, I want no government of the
bayonet, no never.
Will you interpose to shield the people of
Kemper from the vexatious and causeless
oppressions of Chisholm? Will you cause
Davis and Gilmer to be arrested and lodged
in jail until the murder of Dawson is fairly
investigated? I feel sure Chisholm and
Davis have already written you letters, base
ly defamatory of Dawson, aud grossly mis
representing his murder; they would stoop
to falsehood any time to carry their point,
and were copies of their letters to you on
the subject, furnished me, I should be able
to prove all their statements base falsehoods
and slanders. A fair trial of Davis and
Gilmer, will suffice to show that he was
wantonly and brutally tnrderei, and that
the bloody deed was deliberately planned by
Chisholm, Gilmer and Davit. The verdict of
the Coroner's jury should outweigh with
you any statements made by the murderers,
and that verdict was, that Dawson was mur
dered in cold blootl.
Dawson and Davis were strangers, and
bad never had any previous personal diffi
culty. On the mornfng of tne nomtciae,
Gilmer purchased a double-barreled snot
gun, took it over to his store, loaded it with
buck shot and placed it behind the counter
and the door. Dawson had ouly taken three
steps into Gilmer's store, when Davis shot
him from behind the counter before Daw
son had spoken, and as Dawson entered the
store. Gilmer, who stood on the steps, was
observed to step out of the range of the
door. Davis had taken two large drawers
from under the counter and placed them on
the floor one upon top of the other, and shot
Dawson from this platform. Everything
showed premeditation, art, and contrivance,
and Chisholm, the sheriff, was waiting two
miles out from Sceoba for his accomplices,
and remarked that he was not surprised at
it. Of course he was not, when he helped
to plan the fiendish deed and had come ex
pressly to protect the assassins.
But one single circumstance will demon
strate what a cold blooded and miserable
scoundrel Gilmer Is, and how bard run a
party must be, to make a borw out of such
a coward. As Dawson stepped on the stora
steps, Gilmer said to him, -Hal, old fellow,
you have nothing against me, bavayou?"
To which Dawson replied "No, nothing at
aU." yet when Davis shot him half a minute
later, and he fell dead, wtth his head on the
door sill, the chivalrous Gilmer drew his
pistol and fired two shots into bis bead. Ah I
that the dead lion bad to be maltreated by an
ass!
Davis Justifies himself by saying that
Dawson shot at him first. Thla is wholly
false. It was shown to be false before the
Coroner. Dawson's pistol was in the scab
bard, and belted around him. when be fell
dead on Ore floor; and not a barrel had been
recently discharged.
la conclusion, Gov. Aleorn, I bava only to
say I shall let the sequel show how faryou
are sincere la your advocacy of law and or
der, and to what extent you are implicated
in the murder of Dawson by pledging your
self in advunea to pardon his murderers. I
hop for the sake of your own fait name,
for the sake of your children, to whom that
name most descend as a legacy, of fasaa fer
infamy, for the sake of justice and for the
sake of the people of Mississippi, you will
do your duty faaxlasaly.
Aleerst Deepen fe.
The desperation of the Champion"
of Radicalism is betrayed in the atrocious
sentiments expressed in his Holly Springs
speech, and in his horrible appeals to the
passions and prejudices of the blacks in
order to hold them in the position of
beasts of burden to their Carpet-bag and
Scallawag task-masters in this State. A
desperate case requires desperate reme
dies Gov. Alcorn takes in the situation
and tries the old and played out expe
dient of warning the colored people that
the whites of Mississippi are their mortal
enemies.
Nothing is more significant than this
wailing and gnashing of teeth by him
and his co-conspirators that they see the
hand-writing on the wall. But nothing
will avail them. They tried the game in
Tennessee and failed. They tried it in
Missouri and they were beaten to the
tune of sixty or seventy thousand. They
tned it in Alabama, but did not save
themselves from irretrievable defeat.
They tried it in Georgia, with a like re-
result. They tried it in Texas, but the
Conservatives, despite the machinery of
an iniquitous election law, have swept
the State. In Virginia they tried it, but
never even so much as obtained a foot
hold. In the States of Tennessee, Missouri,
Virginia and Alabama, where conserva
tive supremacy has been fully establish
ed, the colored people are content and in
the complete enjoyment of all the rights,
civil and political, which belong to the
whites. Peace and good will exist be
tween the two races wherever the curse
of Radical teaching and example has been
eradicated. And so it will be in Missis
sippi. Radicalism is the enemy of both
races. It is the synonym of plunder, op
pression, hatred, discord, blood-shed and
lawlessness.
Dr. ComptoH'H Position.
The Corinth News is inclined to doubt
the sincerity of Grand Giant Compton's
professions of admiration and love for
the Carpet-baggers. The News has not
faith even in the Leader editor's Republi
canism, as will be seen from the following:
From the Corinth News.
It is passing strange that Dr. t'omp'on, in
tiie twiuklinif of an ev e, becomes the eulo
gist of a class of men whom lie, a ihort time
ago, so mucn aeiesiea. we reinemner tnat
he gave as his reason for uot supporting tiie
Conservative ticket, at the last election, that
there were toe many Carpet-baggers on it.
Had home men been placed, said he, on it.
instead of Carpet-baggers, he would cheer
fully have 8upiMrteu the ticket. We now
find him lauding the Carpet-bagger. Why
is it? It Is for place tor position? Aot
that he repudiates them, or tnat he will
tolerate them longer than it is to his interest
to do so: and further, not that he is a Repub
lican, for he is not one, and will not pretend
to be one longer than it is to his interest to
so dissimulate.
It may be that the News is mistaken in
its opinions and that the Grand Giant
while vowing that he would ne'er consent,
consented to love the carpet-baggers devo
tedly. We take his word for it, and be
lieve he does admire them. As for his
Republicanism, we have nought to say,
but refer his Republican friends to the
following extract from a speech made by
him in a Conservative Convention "op
posed" to Republicanism, held in Holly
Springs, in 1869. It appeared in the
Reporter.
Dr. Compton said
'It has been pretty strongly intimated
hat 1 have jrne over to the Radical party.
Briefly. pointedly, and emphatically, thit it not
to. So fur from this being true, I have not
advanced In that direction sufficiently far to
enable nie to espouse Bepublicanitm even in
the tngar-coated form as represented by the
election of that ticket, be secured: for,
upon the adoption of the idea of a National
Union Republican Party, every principle for
which toe ever contended vat abandoned. I
Nad been taught to oppot. with all my might
the encroachment of Jiepublican tentimentt
upon the institution of the State."
In a card to the Holly Springs Re
porter, John M. Kimbrough, a promi
nent Marshal county Republican, charges
the Radical candidate for Sheriff of that
county with having used the following
incendiary language in a private conver
sation "A war has to come between the
white and the black and let it come. 1
don't care how $oon." Such is the man
nominated for the first peace officer of
Marshal, George M. Buchanan is his
name.
Mr. Kimbrough further adds in his
card
am a Republican, and expect to remain
one. I will be through the county during
the canvass. I wish to let Republicans
know all about the im posters who are try
ing to foist themselves upon their party.
I belong io the Republican party, and de
nounce the men who now compose the
ticket aa a disgrace to that honest party,
and unworthy the confidence aud support
of true Republican.
The Sea Snore Con tie.
The opposers of Radical misrule are up
and doing in this growing region of our
State. Hon. Roderick Seal has consen
ted to serve the people of Harrison and
Jackson in the Legislature, and this is
equivalent to saying that he will be elec
ted and that their interest will be com
mitted to able and efficient hands.
The following items are from the
Handsboro Democrat
The registration is going oa lively for the
Democracy in Jackson county. All are
turning out, and it is generally believed the
antl-Radical or Democratic party will carry
the county by five hundred majority.
We have most cheering news from Marion
and Perry counties. The standard bearer
of tho Democracy, Mr. Thomas S. Ford, will
sweep both counties with an immense ma-
jo'"-
The people of the South-Eastern
counties are justly indignant at the
Minimi nartv for denrivinsr them of
their rightful representation in the State
Legislature f and denying them the voice
to which they are entitled because they
have white majorities. Should the Con
servatives succeed in earryingtlie Legis
lature, one of their first acts will be to
repudiate the infamous 1 Apportionment
law and remoddle it on a just basis. Let
the people of that section bear this in
mind in the coming election,and remem
ber that the Gerrymander U the work of
W. Tiftkl rJunderera who at the cost
of their rignts were Intent on prolonging;
their own iaiqaitoua rule.
The registration la Lincoln county shows
a-registered white majority or n.
CIIICAUO.
Drier Sketch r Ita Rfld Ola
And Pfgrfi
The diater that has befallen the City, of
Chicag t bring that city m re prominoatly
before the public than ever before, and in
this, the hour of her distress, it might not
be inapmpriate to give the following his
tory from tiie New Orleans Times, of ber
past prosperity, and to briefly sketch the
giant strides by which thnt devoted city in
lets than a third of a century, moved from
comparative insignificance to her place
among the wealthiest, most energetic aud
public spirited communities in the land.
A writer bating his description in 1340,
speaks of Chicago as containing a court
house, jail, a United States land office, six
churches, one .Presbyterian, one Methodist,
one Baptist, one Episcopal, one Roman
Catholic, an academy, a lire and-fn art ue
insurance company, fire companies, and a
compao' for supplying the city with water
from the lake. Thirty-one years ago its
trade was limited to four foreign couiuiioiiun
houses, with a capital of f 35,300, ninety seven
retail stores of f 4O0.30O capital eleven lum
ber yards with $3S,9UU capital one furnace
with $20,000 capital, two flouring mills, one
distillery, a biudery, two daily and two
weekly newspapers.
The advancement of the city even at that
time was considered unparalleled, as seven
teen years before in 1S23 the entire set
tlement posse-eed but ten or twelve houses
and tetween sixty and seventy Inhabitants,
lu 1832 five small stores were added and its
census showed an Increase of one hundred
and ninety inhabitants.
From this small beginning orignally
Fort Dearborn, and surrendered by Gen.
Hull, iu 1612 the city has risen to be one of
the chief centres of trade in the entire coun
try, and certainly the most important mart
iu the Northwest.
Chicago, as all are aware, is situated on
the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan,
and along the banks of the Chicago River
and its two branches. One of the latter runs
north and the other south, and the city
limits stretch out to the westward a distance
rtf Itvn mlli'tt rivpr tr 1T nn 1 1 V uraa lint- 1
a small creek emptying into the lake, but
it has been widened by artificial means, and
rendered navigable to vessels of six hundred
tons burden. Skirting its banks are im
mense "rain elevators and warehouses, many
of the latter being of one million and a half
bushels capacity, and at these, vessels can be
laden or unloaded in but a few hours. The
city is laid out in rectangular blocks, and the
streets are nearly all eighty feet wide.
From the lake it extends to the west-ward
five miles and north and south eight miles
covering an area of about forty square
miles.
Apparently this area is level, but a gradual
ris to the westward is quite sufficient to
drain it thoroughly. Ihe principal thorough-
tares are paved with sauare blocks of wood
closely driven down and coated with tar, ami
to this is attributed the rapid spread of the
devouring element.
During the past eight years the entire city.
at a cost ot millions of dollars, was raised
from four to eight feet, and the throughfai-es
and foundations of buildings were filled with
material brought from other places. The
buuuings of the business portion of the citv
are composed chiefly ol brick, but many of
tne iiaDititions are constructed or Athens
marble, a stone found sixteen miles to the
southwest of the city, and highly prized in
in tne west.
I'reminent anion r the public buildings are
the Courthouse, which is constructed of stone
brought from Lock port, ew J'ork, the
Chamber of Commerce, built of Athens stone
atacoM; of nearly $400,000; the Second
f resbyterian Church, constructed of an oily
stone dug from a prairie west of the city,
the First Presbyterian Church Trinity
church, St. James Church, Church of the
Redeemer, First Lnitarian Church, the
Church of the Holy Family, aud the Sher
man House.
The latter are nearly all of Athens stone
and exhibit in their design, great architec
tural ability. The city is confessedly the
commercial metropolis of the Northwest.
Here about twenty-four distinct lines of
railroiius. all leading to uinerent sections
of the country centre, and depart daily.
The Illinois and Michigan canal, one
hundred miles in length, connects it with
the Illinois river and the Mississippi. As
an evidence of its importance as a grain
market, it might be stated that since 1838,
when the hrst shipment (seveiity-eiirlit
bushel) arived, the increase a year or two
ajro readied the enormous amount of
48,203,312 bushels, including cereals of every
class.
Durinsr the same year it received
501,592.406 feet of lumber, 110,109.750 shing
les, and 65,U53,'J00 laths.
In that year also it received 330,627 head
of cattle, packed 92.459 head ot beef, and
700,514 head ot hogs.
As a whisky market. Chicago ranked
higher than any other in th West, and its
average annual receipts reached 102,032
barrels.
The tunnel under the lake, completed a
year or two ago' is already well known to
i l I .1 1
llie puuiic. 11 13 live iixi iu uiauicici, iuu
cut thirty-five feet below the lake, with a
dip landward of four feet. A shaft eighty
seven feet deep is sunk on shore and another
nine feet in diameter has been placed at the
extreme end of the tunnel, (two miles from
shore.)
Another tunnel has recently oeen cut un
der the river at Washington street.
If the telesraphlc reports are not exag
gerated, and it is greatly to be feared that
they are but too reliable, this is undoubtedly
the most extensive and disastrous fire on
record. That of London, which commenced
in Pudding Lane on the 2d, of September,
166G, and continued until the 5th, swept the
buildings from 316 acres, consuming 13,300
habitations and ninety churches. The
property destroyed was estimated at 10,-
000 000.
The fire in New lork on on the 16th of
December, 1835, consumed 648 houses in the
central portion of the city, involving a loss
of twenty millions of dollars.
The Are in i'lttsourg, on tne win ot Apru,
1S45, consumed a large portion of that city,
destroying property to the value of 99.000.-
000. These two, and that ot the former
especially, have heretofore been regarded as
an paralleled cases; out it nas oeen leis to
Chicago the melancholy privilege of eclips
ing all competitor even in her downfall.
THE I ESTB L CTIO.T.
So much interest is felt, by all parties, in
the fate of Chicago, we continue the publi
cation of details of the great conflagration
as obtained from our exchanges
FLAMES STOPPED IN TH SOUTH DIVISION
100 BLOCKS BCK.XKD.
Caicaoo, Oct. 9, 6 p.m. The progressing
flames in the South Division were finally
arrested about 1 o'clock, p. m. This was
accomplished by the blowing up and de
molishing of several builiings on Wabash
avenue and Congress streets, by Lieutenant
General Sheridan. The district burned
over in the South Division embraces every
thing from the main branch of the Chicago
river to the lake, embracing about one hun
dred blocks, and this district contained all
the leading business houses, the banks. In
surance offices, hotels, etc, a larire number
of churches, including St. Mary's Catholic
church. Trinity, First Presbyterian, Second
Presbyterian, M. I aut, bwedenborsnan, etc.
The' Methodist church on the corner of
Wabasb avenue and Congress street, is
saved the Michigan avenue and Congress
street, and Congress Hall, directly adjoining
on Congress street are saved. Michigan
Terrance, on Michigan avenue, embracing
the residences of Lieutenant General Sheri
dan, Governor Bross, Hon. John Scam mo n,
S. C. Griggs, Peter L. Ross, and other lead
ing citizens are completely destroyed, with
the furniture and many other contents. All
the newspaper establishments are complete
ly wiped out. Tne Tribune building resis
ted the fire tor. several, hours, but finally
yielded, when McVicker's Theater, adjoin
ing, also withstood the raging element, but
finally succumbed. In fact, all the build
ings In the district which claimed to be fire
proof shared the fate of those which could
make no such claims.
Tne great central depot at the foot of Lake
street became a heap of ruins about nine
o'clock. Most of the passenrer cars of the
Michigan Central, Barlington and Qwiney
and Illinois Central railroads were moved
on the breakivates and saved.
Men who were millionaires yesterday
morning are nearly penniless to-day; but
more terrible than all is the awful certainty
that many hnman beings hav foand fiery
graves. How many no one can now tell
Perhaps no one can ever. tell, but seme are
known to have perished, and Uaers is a heart-
sickening fear that the victims to the fiery
monster may ne conntea Dy scores. Hun
dreds f horses and eowa have been -fenr sad
in stabtoa, and 0a the parth, aide traiabera,
though released from confinement, became
so bewildered by the sea of fire that sur
rounded them tbet ther rushed wildly to
and fro, uttering cries frightful and painful.
A CUT IN KCIXS OM-TUIEOOr UCit F4r LF.
HOMEXK8S.
Any attempt at a description of the scenes
of thU aptllibir culawiity wuuld Idle.
The imple fact that the 01 we ifreac city of
Chicago i dernyeu. tba huudrwds of mil
lion of her active capital have vanished.
and that nearly one-third of her inhabitants
are homeless dependents are enough. Any
attempt to euiociiL-n would Dc out a mock
ery.
A YRlQATtVL F1CTCRZ TBI THOUSANDS
CKT1KQ SHU.TKB.
As this awful day draws to a close, thou
sands of anxious eyes w atch the dense cloud
or smoke wnicu still roll over the burned
district with the evident dread that a sud
den change ia the wind may turn the fltines
upon that portion of the city yet spared.
1 nere seems, nowever, little can- lor appre
hension, and reinforcements of firemen irotn
other cities are constantly arriving
THI PROBABLa LOSS.
As stated in my previous dispatch, it is
utterly impossible to make any approxi
mate 01 me enure ns out it cannot tall
below one hundred and fifty millions ot
dollars, and, of course, but a fraction of this
amount can be realized from the insurance
OBKYIXO TBI PRESIDENT'S ORDERS.
General Sheridan has to-day telegraphed
tobt. IauU to the Missouri Department
there, to acini at once to Chicago 100 000
rations, lie naa also telegraphed to Omaha
for two companies of soldiers and 100 tents
Ther will all be here as soon as they enn
reach here by rail. He will also order an
other 100.000 rations.
Chicago, October 10. The fire con tinned
to hum last night on the north side, but this
morning is under control
It is literally true to sav that there Is
notbinr remaining of that ide. from tin
river north to Lincoln l'ark, on the north.
and from the north branch of the river, on
the west, to the lake on the east. Thi por
iu por
n rivcj
tion of the city, except along the mai
where there were business blocks, was occu
pied by dwelling!", and two-thirds of the
jHipiilauon are Oerninn and icandinaviaii
These are now homeless. Some are in the
frame buildings on the northwest section,
aim tuners on me jiraine w uiioiu ericiUT.
The vat plain is covered with iieonle
wandering about, seeing the evidences of a
wealth that haa completely vanished in
Annie and smoke. A few business men
w.th some nerve are seeking houses for bus
iness on the west side. Rooms that rented
lat week for fifty dollars now readily
command five thousand. There are not
many of these, but enough to afford a nu
cleus for business.
NEWSPAPERS TO BR STARTED AT ONCK.
The newspapers will be started again in a
few days or weeks. Hon. Joseph Medill, of
the Tribune, who is one of the heaviest suf
fVrers, was successful yesterday fir leasing a
tuilding on Washington street, at the tun
nel. He has also purchised two single cyl
iider presses, used in a Job office on the
west side, and haa telegraphed east for patter
and type, there being nothing left here.
.Mr. Story, of the Times, will erect a rough
one-story building, and begin the issue of
Lis paper as soon as material can be pro
cared. The Journal ia provided for on the
west side. The Post, Republican and Staats
Zcitung will also arrange for business as
soon as practicable, but everything must
come from elsewhere, as there is nothing
le:t from the business. Water for drinking
and household use ia procured from the
late and parks, and for the houses from the
rircr. A thousand people camped about
tiie artesian well, four miles out, and per
haps as many more at Lake Victor, and on
Fullerton avenue, near Prairie. The eople
are being fed in the remaining churches,
school houses, shells, aud by the roadsides.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRK.
Last Sunday evening a boy wen t into a sta
ble on IeKooen street, near the river on the
west side, te milk a cow, carrying with hiiu
a kerosene lamp; this was kicked over by
the cow and the burning fluid scattered
among the straw this was the beginning
of the great fire. A single tire extinguisher
on the ground, or active work of the police
iu tearing down one or two shanties, would
have prevented the spreading of the flames
hut engines were waited for, and when they
arrived tiie firemen were stuetied by their
exertions at the tire on Saturdav night, and
worked slowly and clumsily. Their efforts
were unavailing. The wind from the south
west blew a gale, and rapidly the flames
sbot from house to housej and board-yard
to board-yard, until the district burned the
night before was reached. Meanwhile,
flames crossed the river north of Twellth
street, on to the south side, and made for
brick aud stone business blin ks, railroad
anil freight depots, and manufacturing es
tablishments, when the fuil extent of the
danger was realized for the first time. The
tire department, alieady tired out, worked
like heroes.
CITIZENS CKCON -CIOU OF THK DESTRUC
TION IN FKOOKKSd.
It being Sunday, proprietors and em
pkiyees were at home, utterly unconscious
of w hat was transpiring. Those who saw
the flames suposed it was the remains of
Saturday nijrht's fire, and had perfect con
fidence in the fire department, and were
unconcerned but between eleven and
twelve o'clock a rumor got abroad that the
fire was in the business portion of the city.
By this time the hall of the Board of Trade
court house, Western Union Telegraph and
Associated Press offices, and hundreds of
other buildings, were all aflame. The air
was filled with live coals, which were hurled
to north and south, a besorn of destruction.
One block in all this vast business section
remained at daylight, the Tribune block,
tiie Customhouse and Honore block on
Dearbon 6treet had burned, and those who
had fought flames here thought at last this
block could be saved. A patrol of men
under Samuel Medill swept off live coals,
and put out flames on the sidewalks and an
other lot of men under the direction of Hon.
Joseph Medill watched the roifs. At half
past seven o'clock this appeared safe, and
most men went to get rest or food a num
ber went to sleep iu the Tribune building,
hut there was a change afterwards. The
flames reached Wabash avenue. State street
and Michigan avenue, and soon McVicker's
Theatre caught fire. In a few minutes the
Tribune building was in flames, and at the
last moment sleeping men were aroused and
rescued from the flames. By ten o'clock in
the forenoon, this remaining block was in
Now was to be seen the most remarkable
sight ever beheld in this or any other coun
try. There were from fifty to seventy
thousand men, women and children fleeing
by every available street aud alley to th
southward and westward, attempting to
save their clothing and their lives. Every
available vehicle was brought into requisi
tion for use, for which enormous prices
were paid, and the streets and side-walks
presented the sight of thousands of persons
and horses inextricably commingled. Poor
people, of all colon and shades, and every
nationality from Europe, China, and Africa,
mad with excitement, struggled with each
other, to getaway hundreds were tram
pled under foot.
FEARFUL LOSS OF LIFE.
It is fearful to think of the loss ot life.
It is conjectured, and with good cause, that
near five hundred people have been burned
to death. We saw four men enter a burning
building, and in a moment they were over
whelmed by a falling walL There was a
crowd of men aroaad the corner of the
building, trying to save the property, when
the wall yielding, some of them were buried
beneath it. These were on the south side.
On the north side twelve or fifteen men,
women and children rushed into the build
ing of the Historical society, a lire-proof
building, for safety. In a few minutes the
flarea burst in upon them, and they were
burned to death. Among them was the
venerable Colonel Sam. Stone, long connec
ted with the society. He was eighty years
of age. Also John B. Gerard and wife,
Madamoiselie Despeignone, the noted teach
er of music perished. It is feared that Dr.
Frear and family also were burned, as they
were in the building and have not been
seen since. Mrs. Sdsalk w hose husband was
murdered last week, suffering from illness,
was carried away for protection to a build
ing which was afterwards consumed, and it
Is feared that she also perished.
All the books and paptrs of the Historical
Society, including original copy of the fa
mous emancipation proclamation of Presi
dent Lincoln, for which the society paid
$23,000, were destroyed. It Is feared that a
large number of children, who were inmates
of the Catholic Orphan Society on State
street, also boned, as many f them are
missing. On Chicago avenue a father
rushed up stair to carry those of his child
ren away, srhaa h waa everUken by the
Barnes and perished with them. The mother
was seen afterward on the street, on the
north-west aide a ravine maniac la aocae
neighborhoods families of five persons per
ished. The list of such fatalities is very long
and can on It be fullr verified after the
amok shall have cleared away there are
hundreds of fa mi lie on that aide who sava-d
no clothing bu' barely their wives. Among
them is Perry Smith, formerly president of
the Norlhwetiteru railroad company.
Chicago. October 10, 3:10 P. M. Later
word I Ju brought that a tl-rce tire i
raging on Thlrty-tirt street. Thi street is
two miles outh of the southern fire limit,
on the south Mde. and more than that from
the limit on tlw west aide. Thin has been
set on Are tor the purpose evidently of d
srroying th remaining part of the city. It
is largely occupied by wealthy re.idenu.and
it i so known.
Two aaen, caught in the act of firing
buildings, have been shot, and two others
led off with ropes around their necks. A
the wind J blowing a perfect gale, the er.d
now cannot be foretold. Further news will
be forwarded a soon as received.
TIIE LATEffT
Cincinnati, Oct. 11. Private advices ay
Chicago is under martial law. The soldiers
are making no arrests, but kill the turbulent
on the sHt.
JNinety rHiies have been recovered from
the ruins.
Chicago, Oct. 11,12 M. Forty -one per
sons were shot in making arrests'last night.
Seven incendiaries are reported shot and
hung, w ho were taken while attempting to
lire ounuing.
Cjuite a number of iersons have died from
exposure.
A careful etlinate of the numlier of ieo
ple rendered homeless, baed upon the recent
census, puts the total at not less than 1 10,-
or iii:.v. i.(vuv.
UUpatrh From len. Fralhentoa.
Holly Springs, Oct. 12, 1S71.
Messrs. Power Jt Barksdalk:
Gen. Lowry is sick, and cannot till his ap
pointmcnts In DeSoto. He U convalesce at.
and will return home In a few days.
W. S. Featherston.
lllarM f iie-u. I.owrj".
From the Independent South.
We regret exceedingly to bear of the 111-
nessof our distinguished friend, Gen. Robert
Lowry. He has teen confined to his bed at
the residence of hia kinsman. Col. Geo. It.
Myers, in this city, since the 9lh. We hone
to see him up again in a tew days, able to
meet his oponeiit at every appointment.
lie is one ot Mlsisippia truest and most
gifted sods, and the Conservative party can
illy afford to lose his valuable services at
this time.
Tne Ureal Deviate in .YlrlialL
Kxt.rait nf n nrimtt letter AntfA Ifol.
j'. ...v v.
ly Springs, October 11th:
Gen. Lowrv and Gov. Alcorn spoke here
on Monday. The discussion laated four
hour. Alcorn opened iu a speech of one
hour aud a hall. Lo ry followed in a
eech of one hour and three-quarters.
Alcorn replied in a seecii or thirty min
utes, aud Lowry rejoined in a speech of fif
teen minutes.
Gen. Iowry sustained himself nobly and
made a powerful speech, and gave full satis
faction to all Conservatives. The advanta
ges were all on our side. Alcorn did not
pretend to answer half of the grave charges
made by Lowry against his party, and his
ad ministration.
They had an appointment to speak again
at night, but Gen. Lowry was suddenly at
tacked by a sick headache and sick stomach,
aud could not sjteak; and Col. Lamar, who
was here, took Liowrys place, l.auiar and
Alcorn snoke for three hours to a crowded
house. Lamar's triumph was complete, lie
handled Alcorn without gloves, blistered
him all over, and was overwhelming and
crushing in bis replies. We certainly gain
ed by the discussion 011 Monday. Marshall
is now the theatre of inteusa political ex
citement, aud of iinparelleled effort by
ootn parties, uaruecues and discussions are
now daily occurrences, and our eople are
fully alive aud at work.
Ihe Governor lias made two speeches in
the county, the Attorney General has made
two, the .Secretary ot Mate has made two;
aud the Major General of the Militia has
located here to write and apeak. Now could
you not send us up the balance of the State
Government honest "Muss." and the head
of the Asylum. We can whip them all out
easily, and carry the county.
lien. lwry has been confined to his bed.
and suffered very much from sick headache
and sick stomach since Monday night; but
he is now better, and hopes to lie able to re-
urn home In a day or two. lie will not Ie
able to speak for several days.
The MrhAll County Delutr on
Ittf VIII
EXTRACTS FROM THE INDEPENDENT SOI TU.
AIXOUV A.D rOH Kl.
Monday was a day long to be remembered
by the people of Marshall county. It was
announced on the Mill that the two champi
ons of the respective parties were In our
city Gov. Alcorn and Gen. Lowry. At
forty-five minutes past eleven. Gen. A loom
got up before a large audience and spoke
with his usual torce tor au hour and a half.
When he closed. Gen. Lowry took the
stand for one hour and forty-five minutes.
lie spoke witti great ease aud grace, exhib
iting that he was a bold and fearless accuser
of Radicalism, and especially so was he of
his excellency preierrlng a bill of indict-
ment against him aud his government with
the following counts
To all of which he addressed himself in a
manner highly creditable to himself, show
ing that he was a man whose familiar ac
quaintance with the acts of the Republican
Lieglilatiire euables him to expose the in
justice, extravagance and corruption ex
hibited by the legislature, ilia style was
pleasant, his countenance wore a smile
while he was uttering the moat scathing
Philipics. lie made himself many admi
rers, and is held in the highest etleem by
our people.
Ijtmar sand Aleorn.
General Lowry being unwell. It was ar
ranged that Colonel Lamar should meet Gov.
Alcorn on Monday evening. Lamar opened
in a speech of one hour, in which he vindi
cated the great reputatiou he has so long
enjoyed as a speaker and a statesman. His
discourse was marked for its great ability,
lorce ana elegance, ue took up tne morn
ings speech of Gov. Alcorn, and arava it sueh
a criticism that drew anew the picture of
that noble mau a power in the minds of all
bis hearers. No unnecessary word was
used, no sentence unfinished, no points un-
demonstrated. The verdict of the people is.
tnat l.amar is a uoai wimin nimseu.
To the great speech of Col. Lamar. Gov.
Alcorn replied in a speech of one hour and
fifteen minutes.
Colonel Lamar replied to the Governor In
a speech of thirty minutes, which was to
elegant in diction, so powerful and convin
cing in logic, so superb in delivery, that for
most of the time tne audience stood mute
with emotion of admiration.
To say that Alcorn is not a man of mind
and power would be doing Injustice to the
truth yet we are forced to the conclusion
that be did in neither discussion vindicate to
the same extent hi claims to oratory and
statesmanship as did hi opponent of the
the day Lowry and Lamar.
HheritTsLnkePnbllahe at Card.
A Recalcitrant Carpet-Bagser Bolts the
Loyal League Nomination and take
1 the Field for SJieriff on Hi
Own Hook I
t ...From the Leader.
Jacebox, Miss-, Oct. 11th, 1871.
To tbk Editors or the Leader
i Sirs At the suggestion of a large num
ber of Republican, who are dissatisfied
With the organization and action of the
Convention assembled at Raymond on the
9th, and feeling assured that since one or
more of the candidates nominated are sup
posed to be Ineligible, a revision of the
ticket will be necessary, I hereby announce
tnyself as a Repubiicaa candidate for the
office of Sheriff of Hinds county.
I will endeavor, in the next issue of your
joarna.1, to set forth some 01 tne considera
tions wnjea impel me to tnia course.
t J. L. Lake, Jr.
i The distant reader will understand
that ake is an Alcorn appointee and
pecial pet of bis Eminency, r Besides,
tie is s collar-dog of TarbelL
Xx-Oevernor Gen. Charles Ciarke has
been la the city several days.
Tin: tok i: or tkiam.
Iir.Itf JI.ORIOI Mli:i. ITI.lt VMT..
30.000 Jnjorlly.
i Arsitx. Tex. Octobers To Hon. Sam
ue J. Randall. Chairman of tiie I iiuxtmU.
Committee: ICIOKY!!! The IVmoernt
j carry every CongresMuual Distriei; mJori
I A. S. Waleer.
Chairman Democratic Mute
Executive Committee."
I Ciood Sw front Ueorglu!
1 Savannas. Oct. The ruunl.-Ipal the
lion t-dy pased off quietly. The leiiio
cratic ticket, Uh Col. J. Screveu lor Msior
is necieu uy over aiw majority.
Attain to Ihe Hrxsr.
The following item are from the Kus
ciusko Leader
An old gentleman who hat herrtofo-e
voted the Republican ticket, the other day
rode a distance of 20 mile to reiri.Ur am
Is going to Vole squarely Conservative.
He is over seventy years of wge, and bring
live stalwart sous w lill hiiu into our ranks.
Welcome! And there I room for more.
w ho else is opposed to high tales
Hundred who have not voted before since
the war, have registered, aud all such w il
vote the Conservative ticket. Fifteen new
vote for us in a single neighborhood. The
mug oegiii to look sad.
Ciikebino. Thus far. In Hit county, there
U a registered white majority of 2J over
iuc coioreu voters. Heat AO. a and 1, yet
10 near irom, will give a Conservative ma
Jority. There are not over 200 white Repub
licaua in the conuty, aud we are bound to
win the day.
Attala has a larger number of white
llalicals than any other county iu the
Mate. Indeed, in mt of the counties,
the only white I Lids are the office-holder.
Attalajlias heretofore been an exception
lint the intelligence we have from that
county encourages the belief that he will
take her proper jiosition in the Conser
vative column at the coming election.
A ltelter Claw.
The Washington Chronicle, (Jov. Hol-
den's organ of the administration, under
the head of "Mississippi jmlitics, felici
tates itself that "the Ilepublicau party
"in Mississippi has shown wisdom in
"nominating for the Legislature a better
"class of men than heretofore."
This is a precious confession that the
material which composed the Mongrel
majority in the present legislature is
vile, and requires reforming; but we who
are on the ground, and are surveying the
whole field, can see no sign of improve
ment. Have they not nominated Warner in
Madison, aud Warren in Ixake
Have they not put CJartruan on the
track again?
Have'nt they thrust little Boyd into
the faces of the honest yeomanry of At
tala aud Leake
Have'nt they put tiie African incen
diary, deed, iu nomination iu Lowndes?
Have'nt they set aside a bad man in
Marshall to give place to a worse one,
the notorious (Jill
Have'nt they gone the whole cwino of
the present delegation of French A Co.
in Adams
Have they tcwel out Morgan, the
Miscegenator
A "better class" indued! The Ilads
have no material for a "la tter class," and
they have not offices high enough at their
disposal, nor mouey enough at their
command, though they are the taxing
power of the State, and are using it un
scrupulously to induce a "Utter class"
to take service in their infamous cause.
Do figs grow from thorns or grajes from
thistles
DeR-pf n a the (aeallon.
When reconstruction was accomplish
ed in this State, it was understood that
the people would have a right to conduct
their local government as they might
deem proper; that they would be left
untrammeled in the exercise of their jw
litical rights and in the choice of their
political associations. Hut in playing his
desperate game, it seems that Gov. Al
corn at Holly Springs, gave the people to
understand that when civil government.
so-called, was restored to the State, her
people acquired the right to vote as they
please provided tltey jtleate to vote A Iiadi
cat tickd, and thereby vote to keep them
selves under the yoke of the public plun
derers, "thcives," as Mr. (Jretlcy calls
them, who are encouraging a spirit of
mob law throughout the Htato, and load
ing her tax-payer with oppressive bur
dens. In default of a willingness to perjx tu-
ate tliis worse than Egyptian bondage,
Gov. Alcorn and his co-workers are inti
mating that the State will be put back
under military rule.
Pray what else have we now What
else but a mockery and a bye-word of
scorn is this pretence of a "civil govern
ment" in Misaii.ippi Look at the ar
rest of citizens by Federal soldiers with
out warrant their imprisonment without
benefit of Habeas Corpus Witness the
horrible assassination of th ill-fated Hal
Dawson at Scooba, who was enticed into
a murderers den to be slaughters like a
wild lieast; and the protection against
legal proceeding which waa afforded by
the Radical officials.
But it is mere fudge a pitiful bogging
of the question for these Wreckers to
resort to the bugaboo of a restoration of
military government if the people do not
forever bow their neck to their degra
ding yoke. Why, in Virginia, they never
reconstructed under Radical control in the
first instance; and still they have not
been molested. Nor have they been mo
lested in Missouri, where under the lead
of Gratz Brown, liberal Republican, and
Frank Blair, Democrat, they demolished
the idols of Republicanism. Nor in
Tennessee. Nor in Alabama. In all
these States, the people have thrown off
the accursed yoke of the Radical mis
ruler! and have taken a fresh start on the
road of progress.
This pitiful plea, will not save the
Wreckers. The "Tidal Wave" of popu
lar Indignation is coming and will sweep
thenj into merited oblivion.
Another walkist la maklnjr a Southern
tour says ha can out-step Weston. Ills
nam Is O'Hara and comes from England.
gtrn r." M u-Uf'S e lli'i 'MiMiit ii'"l
lu 11-fiKs, ami It won't d- t. r Mm in k.i
t .1 .1, k III Hi,' t h Hit III a I i In 1 k r
eoninn h.K In i n t here, k lio the t..",
i a t jlnted u I'll the n an I tl l llmt
are 111 en 1 1." in i, k ninl I he i m i n
liU k, k!. .l tin, I wi: 11 tint 14
I-s:ioii, have hi n (tiiltir wr.ali h
fHiWers (I'ol i'ow l r) Uil be tint I,.; ,a.l
go bark agsln.
While the tlbt i te n the k.lketmy nU
I going on the Demoi-rary will tcrumlv
have a word to tuy. Tj re U a innu iuiik-i
Oalne. Abner S., a gentleman ari i a hi.Ur,
hose banner. Inter i bed Ink or 1 111, I n c
or die, nurvlie or peii-h." "Clisre, t,.--t 1,
charge!" bids lliein follow,
l.et the tocsin ol War :is Iri-lu one en. I
of the line to t he ol h r, an. I the valor ol II
I ItniiH'racy be seen as lu-ver betore. We
have no don bt 1 he I port Mill he im.
mass nihimi am nnskFr iivmh si
lllK HIUM II. I'lsoio rot MV.
i'lom !iO I'eSoto Time..
On Saturday li-t on r ant 1- Km In .il 1 1 1 n.l
gave a tinnier at H ive Jlram li. an t lot I
unite a unetf-lul nil ilr ol 1'. Tho while
pcvple came out In 1 .11 go number, uml mm o
than one liiunlreil inline, I peeple Mure in
alteni.aiK mii he. ueie iineie by nil th
caiitlhlates for lh I.il time, ami ul-o one
by Major II. II. t halmer.. uhiih w,i,.ro-liouiict-d
el hajia the ahleot J 1 t liimlo in tlo
caiiVHss. The entire iiu.lien.e thor
oughly attentive, and harmony harm li r
led Ihe meeting until tale In the ulteinoon.
A we learn. Campbell ami HilNtnatu opcnr-l
their l.oyal league within a lew huioliri
yards o. thn speaking, ami sent up tlo ir
drummers to lira w aw ay the colored le,
W ho wclr s liiileb IlilclCHteil in llo'- li
of Major C. thai they n In-e.l to l .te him,
ami the drummer w ere forced lot.lurii la
League be.tiliiarters iiinittenileil. i h I-
ored M-oplo were enl hn.l.iit le, ami of en in
terrupts! the speaker by dies if Ih ti t
the 1 1 nth."
At the Close of M .lor I Mieeeli tln'MM-
dletiee W us adlre.et bv Col. I in k "h1'. a
coin re, I mail of liel ualelo, w ho l hi I It 1 I y
opMneil to liiitlit ul rule nx tiny m.ni in Ihe
country. IIi-eth was puliyaiel point
ed, and bail riuile a h inny ill.ti. I r
was on tbo ground in ith'nel im e, an. I n,n,.!.
and appclile were fully sali-tlrti.
Hir: I'tiNsfitv a 1 ivt ok t ,yi 01 sir
I ItKI'AIIIMl loll I II K I li A T
KI'Kaftl.Mti A r HhMnX.
I'roui the V 11110 Iltinoei it.
On S lttird IV. ,'litlli September, a poli!i.il
llleeling was held Hi Kelilmi, itl whn It
sM-et lies w err- made by ol VV II. I .u.e, .1
M. Sllblett, .1. C. I'll wi lt. Kohl. I ampbt il.
V allia Johnson (col 11 ml lien iei iM 1 1 ol
A great deal ol car not lit s ami enl lu -1 i-iu
Were lliaiille-tetl bv the Inettiiu' A e-
f pet table 1 tub was loiinr I, nihr.o inn many
colored voter who have heretofore 1 I
with the Kails. We hope to thmniele many
more such meetings before the election.
'I'll 4 lurlwn.
We clip the following kind not.fi
Tin: ChAKlox from uur ext lian,.e.
I'roril I he enl l al M tr.
TlIK Cl.AUIo.N. the nohh'kt K.imao ot tlo
ni
10
all, lakes the came ylrw ul the imloo;-i
growing nut ol the lelii.tl nf a I.' eli
a I
it
a-

Micrlll to I'olleel litxii hum 11 lii'L'ia w I.
the Haine w ere oil. te.l to him on I w o n 1
sion. aa alt lovers of Ju-ll'-e lake, regunllt
of party liaim
II every lleliioerillie papt r w a a i rnm
asTiiK 1.AK10N U to ilenounee wroiiu
bold the guilty up a a III mat k lor the lu
ll acorn lo l)! lioiiitetl at, I. elu al i.in woii
lie at a greater ill-eoiint than it liow I-
Some paper Wli Wot of are ton ih lieienl
in
laeklH.iie to lie anv tiling hut p.tro.lie. up
legitimate journal l 111.
From the Holly spring- 1,'epmier.
TlIK Ci.Alilox lining I'allint wotk.--
KverV l-lle la fllleil Willi able t.nlpi'-al
article; article, whiill on. li mn Ihe im
MTiipiiloiiamiil extravagant patty In p "i 1
which nctllicfore the I people of tin-
State I be g rent duty lln v b ue to pel loi 111
Too llllleh prai-e c.tiiiml be aeennlt l In tin-,
Journal lor I lie in a lily to Ik It I- per lot 111 1 n;'
No M l-li pl 1 n. w i.i'e or black, w ho 1 al
he proof, ol K ii Ileal villain) 1 M t i a.- 11,1
and corruption which are product 'I iu vei y
ik; of IiikI l.s Itlo'V, can nte lur 11 nii;Ii-
iniue on the Kadleal ticket in thi, or any
other county, w it h nil turning p tie or j: row -lllg
sick.
From the II. mate

We thank Tug i.aiuon for lb It nt
id take oeeamou to remark that, we i-h it, I
our reader were Mib-ei ll.t-r 1.1 that val-
a
o
u a
idc journal. It It hot oniy the bent papt r
iblbhcd In flu Male, but in our opinion
ie that ever yvili puhll-heil ill Ihe Mate.
ieM. IIeiiuri;iirl n I It Vloiiriiluf
I'ar lw.
An interviewer of (ii 11. II( aur ir
Kansas City, hsi ilinwn from lum tlm
Mowing ili-.-criptioii of tin: Carj.ct l,a
K sts of the South
Time: What U the nre-i nt 1 m -ilition
the Southern Main under arp. l-b.t,; mi l
negro ruler
ileaurrgatd M'l deplorable, ir. 'I In-
people of the North r an have no i lea of our
terrible condit ion. Our pr imipal 110 n are
outlawed, and tin ir plan o i u pn .1 by im
print fnlcd adventurer from the nwi-i cla.
of Northern politician. '1 h thieving
wanderers hate overrun the South like a
swarm of Ioru-t-, and ai.- Mil,iti' In r deep
er and der-lier Into debt, ami ba 1. k r 11 t y
Why, Ir, III the State ol lmi-laua, lot in
stance, the t rn t-ba-: jovei iiment hi in
creased our Slide debt ovrrloity milium
during tbe past lour Jear. Unl We have
nothing to sen for it. Our city ha tnt. b en
Improved, our ilralmi;.''' it Impalicd. Our
levees are breaking into iieva--c fiout
llaton Kouge to the gulf, ami yt not a dol
lar of the Statu money I ih -voted t repair
the damages. All. ever) thing U uh-oibed
by the voracious Car-ict-baggcr, wl.n are
fastened upon h ml growing tnh upon the
prostrate South.
Tilt: M l' A Ti: I' lllt AT .1 IANO-.
A llrllllnnl i:hlllllrn 11 ml as
,Hrgr Crowd ltlilltlf ora I'.f
e-le1 from nil Iisrt of
)if Co-snlry He ltd
Ire pn rial lontt.f 'or
ltt I .(idle.
Sidal Corresiionil-neo of the Vh ksbtir
ll.rald.
Jack".., (.let. 11, 1-71.
EJUor I'uitbvr'j Herald
A few word altont our State Fair ill imt
be w Ithout Interest to your many rea l'i-.
And what may promotn the lnt i-t of (In
state Fair Will redound to the ad V an t of
the Warren County Fair. 1 have Ju-i re
turned from tbe grand rshibitiou at St.
I au Is. and propo- vUitlng tho M' wipi-i,
lair next weak, ami am rpnt confident we
shall have many exhibitor from both poinU
St Jackson and Vlckbiirg.
The Mat Fair will opt n on Monday, 21 1
Instant, with a programme for each dry
that cannot fail to aati.fy vWiiors. About
ix thousand dollar have bee 11 cxpen lid
within tbe lat three month in ci,Urj.'ii
and Improving the buildings and vromeu.
Our one mile track Is uow lu irlift 01 b r,
and we shall have arena exhibition ct ery
day.
tl,. I,aii .1.1 ...1 Ib.uxrL cut-
Ac. UV n J m m 1 iv.
menu we are thoroughly prepared with
helving and show tacs; and w have a
ladle' parlor, wah room, and ntl.i r onv
nlence for the falraex and the Kills ones.
The Vlckuburg and Meridian lUUmal
will pas visitors at half rates. Ytiims
Khould apply at their stations for ni ui-i i
ticket. The same road will return In e all
articles on exhibition, and lu the cae of
cotton exhibited; will rtfund Ihe amount
iwld station agent, when ehiped UiJw k-.u.
t is to b hoped some rf h IliU "y f -tors
-sill boout. We will have a larwe exhi
bition f cotton, at premium amounting in
I2JXW are offered.
The undersigned will take plea-uro iu
sending pamphlets and circulars untrm In -foil
details about the Fair, or lu antwenn -any
Inquiries. Entries may be ma do ninny
time from this date to the opr uing jf Ui
exhibition.
Iteapcctfuily,
J. L. row Ell, -e-y.
Ika C. Tatrkk It about to commence V s
publication of a Dvr paper la Vklst
under the tills of &a IrUU (,'iUaa.
4