THE PRESS.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1871.
city and*Vicinity

New Advertisement*
AUCTION COLUMN.
New House. ...F O Bailey Si Co.
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
Assembly.... A R Gee.
Army and Navy Union Course.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN,
Non-res!dent Taxes.
Oityot Portland. ...H I Uobiuson,
i. O. 0. 0.N G Cummings,
Millinery and Fancy Goods Store_Taylor Co.
Boarding House lor Sale... .Taylor (Jo.
Lost.... M A B.
For Sale.... A Gott.
Boaa i lor Horses... ,N A Chtrcli.
Boston Si Maine Railroad.
Gorham’s Sale Piano Fortes
Horse Wanted.... Job H B o.
J*“K ,lor Sile. ...MM Stanley.
City ot Portland... ,E »orey.
Boarderi anted.... Box 856.
Supreme Judicial Court.
JUDGE TAPLEY PRESIDING.
Tuesday—Ziipha A. Stuart vs. Weutworth 8tu
nrt, Jr. Libel tor divorce; cause, desertion and adult
ery. Divorce decreed; custody »f minor child given
to the mother.
N. S. Littlefield.
lsabel'a Holt vs. Daniel E. Holt. Libel for di
vorce; cause, desertion and cruelty. Divorce de
creed, custody ot minor child given to libellaut.
Cobb Kay.

Superior Court.
NOVEMBER CIViL TERM, LANE. J., PRESIDING.
Tuesday—William B. Bert we 11 vs. Charles Kim
ball. Action of slander. Parties reside in Sebago.
The alleged slanderous words weie in substance, that
defendant charged plaintiff, \vho keeps a grist mill,
with stealing e^rn trom grists, carried there to be
ground.
Defendant denies that he ever said so, but ii he
did, it was true. Evidence out and arguments iu
prog rets.
N. S. Littlefield. S. C. Strout.
Haimou.
The following assignments were made:
392—Mayberry vs. Plummer al.
3^5—Jewett vs. Dv<l<*
JbO—-Crosby v«. Elder.
McGregor vs. Brown.
ftluuicipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING,
Tuesday.—James Currau aud John Riley were
tilled $5 aud halt-costs each tor participating in an
affray.
Audrew Ragan, for intoxication and disturbance,
was fined $1 aud costa.
Brief Jottings.
Frank C. Emery ot this city has been appoint
ed postal agent between Boston aud Bangor.
Two horses, one attached to a loaded dump
cart, and the other drawing a load of coal, at
tempted to turn out on Congress street yester
day to let a street car pass, when both horses
slipped on the rails and tell down, creating
some confusion and drawing a crowd for a lew
minutes.
Mr. Gee’s ’dancing school will begin this
evening at Army and NavyUniou Hall.
Whittier has closed his labor of collecting
vegetables for the Western sufferers. He has
forwarded 152 barrels of assorted vegetables,
all of which have b® n heard from and were
received in prime order before the cold woath*
er came on.
Caleb B. Lord, Esq the newly appointed
Assessor of Internal Revenue for this district
has entered upon his duties.
The Boston Journal says Rev. Henry Mor
gan of that city, will lecture upon Humbug, in
the Mercantile Library Association of this city
next Wednesday eveniug.
The Fare Irom New Gloucester to Portland
over the Grand Trunk Railroad is $1; from
New Gloucester to Boston $3. The people o*
that village, when they visit Portland buy
tickets for Boston, and on arriving here sell
the Boston coupons at the hotels for $2 50, by
which little oneratinn two npnnlA turn an
honest peony.
The Light Infantry are discussing the ques
tion of a prize drill, with medals lor the best
drilled member of tbe company.
A concert will be given at the City Hall,
Saco, next Friday, by Miss Nellie Barker, Mrs.
G. M. Cummings, and Messrs. Stockbridge,
Watts, and Morgan.
The lecturer before the Mercantile Library
Association this evening is Rev. E. H. Chapin.
Tbe subject has not been announced, which is
a matter of secondary consideration in this
case.
The burning of a chimney near the corner of
Middle and Franklin streets, caused an alarm
of fire about half past five o’clock last eve
ning.
The Police yesterday seized liquors at Pat
rick Clary’s shop on Fare street.
Tub Gibus and Boys ax Westbrook—The
Argus published a few days ago a little storyi
telling how the girls at Westbrook put the
boys of that institution to an open shame.
The young geullemeu had always procured
uud paid for the services of the indispensable
Chandler to provide music for tbe weekly “So
ciable," but being last week overtaken by a most
reputable and student-like impeenuiosity they
had concluded to put up with music at once
less expensive and less appropriate. But tbe
girls had secretly hired Chandler, and intro
duced him at the most critical moment in a
most dramatic way, insomuch that the boys
were overwhelmed with chagrin and confu
sion. Thus the Argus. But now the young
ladies themselves rise to explain, and we are
sorry to say that they do it rather too sharply.
We can't think of publishing their personal
allusions to tbe reporter of the Argus, which
are of a more disparaging nature than he prob
ably deserves. Elimiuating these sharp little
feminine “digs,” (a talent for giving which
our fair correspondents will find it advantage
ous not to cultivate) this is what they say:
We would inform the gentleman who
holds the position as reporter
for tbe Argus, and who so favored us with his
presence at our last sociable, that in his repuit
he made a decided mistake, or if not a mis
take, presented it in a very different light from
that in which it was received by tbe young
gentleman, and in which it was intended by
the young ladies. We did not employ Mr.
Chandler thinking that the “boys’ slender
purses were nearly drained,’’ as be asserted,
but as tbe young gentlemen have always lur
nished music tor tbe sociables, we, through the
purest of motives, resolved to engage and pay
Chandler ourselves that evening, and by so do
ing agreeably surprise tbe young gentlemen.
We would have him distinctly
understand that the sociables are not consid
ered as a public resort, but as an institution
for those attending the Seminary, and it is the
wish of tbe students, as well as of the authori
ties of the school, that the exercises and inci
dents ol our weekly gatherings shall not be
pnblisbed in the daily papers, subjected to and
criticised by the public.
The gentlemau will please “take due notice
and govern himself accordingly.”
Girls of Westbrook Seminary.
Smart Young Thief.—The police yesterday
arrested Alice Douglass, a colored girl about
15 years of age, for larceny. Alice is a hard
Cast; lUi uuc ui icuuci wuu buiuu
Portland from the South about a year ago, and
went to work as a domestic at the United
States Hotel. Here she stole property and was
turned over to the Overseers of the Poor, who
sent her to the Workhouse. When she was
liberated she entered service iu a colored fami
ly on Munjoy. Her light-fiugored habits fol
lowed her and she was sent to Ihe Workhouse
again. When her time was out the Overseers
started her for the South. Arriving in Boston
she met with a colored man whom she had
known here, and to whom she told a pitiful
story of injustice. He gave her money to
pay her fare back to Portland and she came
back to fall into the bands ol the authorities
again. Then a colored man Darned Armstrong
tojk pity on her,and offered to give her a home
in the hope ot reforming her. He took her home
and afterwards found a place for her in the
family of John Neal Erq., where she stole over
$50 worth of clothing and jewelry, and thus
led to her arrest. She had also stolen from her
beuefactor, Armstrong taking the goods from
his house to Mr. Neal’s, and tice versa. Most
of the stolen property has been lecovered.
Mark Twain Lectures in the irrny and
Nary course Thursday evening of this week.
Most of our readers are familiar with Mark’s
writings, and can anticipate the tun in store
for them at this entertainment. X wains per
sonal appearance is those of a nice young man
studying lor the ministry or the law. His wit
and humor cannot be discerned by his face.
He is quaint and original, and all alt3mpcs
to report his lectures bavo proved failures.
Ink actually refuses to photograph his drol
leries and peculiarities of manner. His fun
comes, too. when least expected, and an audi
ence will suddenly find itself transformed irom
breathless interest to breathless laughter. Let
our readers make it a point to visit City Hall
on this occasion and laugh eft somAif their
every day cares and troubles.
Board of Manufactures. a second
meeting of- this body was held at the Board ol
Trade rooms yesterday afternoon. Some pro
gress was made ia the object of the organiza
tion, and the meeting waB adjourned to Friday
evening at 7 1-2 o’clock, at the Mayor’s Office
•—r---—-——
Kev. N. W. T. Root, of this city, has posi
lively declined to accept the position of Count
Supervisor of Schools for Cumberland County
which was offered to him by Superintenden
JohnsoD.__
Those of our readers who'have horses t
board are requested to read the adverlisetnon
pt N. W. Church in another column,
The Railroad and Mail Changm.
The winter arrangement of trains went into
operation Monday. The new hours for the ar
rival ami departure of mails are shown hy our
table. 1 ha Postal Railway service lias also
bteu extended to Bangor, Mr. W. F. Jeffords
being head clerk in charge of the mail from
Boston aud Curtis Stevens head clerk in
charge from Bangor. Messrs. French and
Uurd have been promoted to head clerks on
the above route—men well fitted for the posi
tion.
Trains on (he Maine Central extension front
Lewiston to Cumberland also began runulng
Monday morning. On the Lewiston division
one passenger, twro mixed and two froigbt
trains are run. Mr. Luther Jones runs one
irorn this city in the morniug, reaching Lewis
ton at 8 A. M., and returns at 5 P. M. Con
ductors Bodge aud Barrell will run betweeu
Portland, Lewiston and Water ville, alternat
ing with each other, and doubling up on tire
short route, stopping at Lewiston one night
and Waterville the next. The track is very
smooth, though cf course it will he in better
condition after the road has time to settle. The
station houses at Walnut Hill and Chaudler's
are nearly done, only lacking paint. That at
Perley’s is not yet done.
The Lewiston Journal says on the Andro
scoggin division the trains were run directly
to Bath. Conductor Anderson goes down al
ternate mornings on the morning train and
comes back in the J30 P. M. traiD, returning
to Ba h at night. Mr. Charles Aunahle, of
Augusta, runs the opposite trains, each stop
ping at Lewiston and Bath alternate nights.
The travelling public are well acquainted with
the conductors under the new arrangement.
Messrs. Barrel! and Bodge ate unexceptional
veterans. Mr. Jones, now on the morning
and evening trains on the Lewiston division,
was formerly the popular conductor on the
morning train ou the Androscoggin division.
A New Building Matebial.—There was
placed on exhibition yesterday, at the Mer
chants’Reading Room, a block of SAndstoue
manufactured by artificial process from white
sea-sauu. xi is naruer man any uescnpnou oi
free-stone that we aro acquainted with, is
susceptible of a fine finish, and the method of
its manufacture allows it to be worked iu any
fauciful design. The process is the invention
of M. Sorrel, a Frenchman; and the eouipauy
now usiDg the invention iu Boston is applying
it to a variety of materials, such as the manu
facture of artificial marble, solid emery wheels,
etc. The cost compared with natural stone,
cut by hand, is said to be only about fi.'ty per
cent, and so far as it has been used for building
purposes, has given good satisfaction. Build
ers and mechanics should examine the speci
men referred to.
Suicide by Dbowning.—Capt. Deeriug of
Steamer Lewiston informs us that about day
light, Monday, soon after the steamer left Ma
chiasport, for Portland. Miss Mary E. Dobbin
of Jouesport, a passenger on hoard, jumped
overboard from the stern of the boat and was
drowned. Another lady passenger Baw the act
just as she was leaving her state-room and gave
the alarm. The steamer was stopped, a boat
was lowered and sent to pick up the unfortu
nate woman, but sho had sunk. In Miss Dob
bin’s state-room were found several letters di
rected to friends, which had evidently been
written before she went on board. Perhaps the
contents of these may explain the causes which
led to her self-destruction.
Evening School.—Next Monday evening
an evening school will be opened at the rooms
of the Young Men’s Christian Association, de
signed for the benefit of those who have no op
portunity of attending the day schools. The
privileges of the school will be confined io this
cla°s alone, as the expeiience of last year de
monstrated that the efficiency of the school
was seriously impaired by undertaking too
much. Under more stringent regulations it is
uujjcu buau iuc oouuui n iu juuvo a gicaicr umi*
efit to those who especially need such an insti
tution. _
MINCEhLAHIEOim NOTICES.
Water Proof Coats.—A new lot of Sacks,
with or without capes; also Talmas, the best
thing out for all weathers.
novl3-d3t 14 10 Exchange St.
We have the largest and best stock of over
coats in this city, and shall sell them at ex
tremely low prices. George W. Eich Co.
173 Fore street novlO-lwFM&W
The Eureka Ventilating Horse Cover Cos.
goods may be found at the Bazaar, 14 10
Exchange St., and for sale at Factory prices.
deod4t
We invito all who wish to buy good clothing
well made up, to call on George W. Eich
Co., store 173 Fore street.
novlO lwFM&W
J03 Printing.—Send your orders for Job
Printing to the Daily Press Printing Bouse
where they will be promptly attended to at the
owest possible rates. ¥a. M. Marks.
Gent’s Under-flannels, in great variety of
styles and prices.
George W. Eich Co., 173 Fore St.
Best stock of Boy’s Clothing in the city is
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle street. Como
early and avoid the rush Saturday evening.
Our $1.75 All Wool Coats are going rapidly.
Don’t fail to get one.
Geo. W. Eich Co.,
novll sl&t 173 Fore St.
Families always have missed the comfort
and quiet of home at the majority of hotels.
They need do so no longer, when visiting Bos
ton. At the American House, light, airy and
quiet rooms, en suite or single, may always
be obtained.
Harper’s Bazaar.—The number for the
week, richly illustrated, has been received at
the periodical depot of Messrs. Fessenden
Bros., Lancaster Hall; also by D. Went
worth, dealers in books, stationery, &c., 337
Congress, corner of Oak street. This journal
of Fashion takes the lead of all others, and is a
welcome visitor to the parlor circle.
The Novelty Store will open Thursday, at
307 Congress St., near Brown St., and will sell
for six days only, a tine selection of Foreign
and American Chromes, elegantly lramcd.
Also fine Gold, Silver and Metal Watches,
Fancy Goods, Silver Were, &c., on an eutiiely
new and novel plan, for One Dollar each.
Don’t fail to call and examine our stock. Af
ter having sold in all New England States, we
feel sure of pleasing all. novl4 tf
tt L SI MISS NOTICES.
You are Troubled with a Bad Breath.—
It annoys your friends as well as yourself.
You would like to get rid of it, but scarcely
know what means to adopt. We will tell yon.
Use the fragrant Sozodont, it will cleanse aud
beautify your teeth, and leave your breath
pure. M&5V
Four Evils.—Whoever habitually uses any
alcoholic preparations as an “appetizer” wil
be as likely to suffer from four evils, viz.: an
overplus of food in the stomach, impaired abil
ity to digest it, the pangs of dyspepsia, and a
doctor’s bill. Dr. Walker's Vegetable Vinegar
Jiitlcrs, the great T ’etotal Restorative ol the
age, without ever stimulating the palate or ir
ritating the stogiacb, imparts a healthful appe
tite, promotes digestion, regulates the liver aud
bowels, purifies the btood, and thus, instead ol
entailing four evils confers four inestimable
benefits. novl4 d4w
It is said that if a puff of air were to be
blown into a vein of ananimal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
be stopped. The blood makes the entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven minutes,
and whenever this circulation is impeded or
any of its channels are clogged by impurities
which ought to be carried off, disease follows—
fever ora disease of liver or kidueys,or scrofula,
or dyspepsia. To get at and remove Ibe source
o£ the difficulty use tie old aud infallible
blood purifier, Dr. Walker’s California
Vinegar Bitters. octl8th-4w
Sweet Sixteen. If you wish to look young,
as well as beautiful, U3e Hagau’s Magnolia
Balm upon you» face, neck and hands, aud
Lyon’s Celebrated Kathairon upon your hair.
The Balm mikes your complexion natura1,
transparent and lively. It removes Freckles,
Pimples, Moth-patches, &c., and instead of a
red, rustic face, you have the marble purity of
a city belle. It gives to middle age the bloom
of youth. Add to this a luxuriant bead or
hair, produced by Lyon’s Kathairon, and a la
dy has done her happiest thing in the way of
adornment. It is the best dressing in the
world, and prevonts the hair from falling out
and turning gray- Sold by all Druggists.
4w4d
Briggs’ Pile Remedies are a success.
Briggs’Allavautor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs’ Throat and Lung Healer.
Get Briggs’ Corn and Bunion Remedies
One of the latest theories in regard to the
Queen’s illness is that it was caused by yacci
l nation. Many people think “that’s what stbe
matter” in a good many cases.
The fifth national council of the Oongrega*
t tional Church will begin its sessions at Oher
lin, Ohio, to-day.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
M.liNE.
liailroatl Opened.
Bangor, Nov. 14.—'The extension from Fox
croft to Gullfonl of the Bangor and Piscata
quis railroad was formally opened to-day. A
party of some fifty cxcursinists are going up
from this city and will be joined by others on
the line. A dinner was had at Turner’s Hall,
Guiliord, supplemented by speeches and a
poem.
NEW I'OKk.
The Wreck of the Sht khoH'.
New York, Nov. 14—A Honolulu letter oi
the 24th uIt., gives details of tbe loss of tbe
American brig Shelshofi which was rendered
a wreck Jaly»3i, in a g iie on the Pacific on
her passage from Sau Francisco to Honolulu.
All the crew died on the wreck, and when the
steamship Moses Taylor felt-in with her on the
19th of October, Capt. Ilcpken only was barely
alive. Tbe rest of the crew aud four passeu
gers perished from hunger and hardships. Tbe
crew were foreigners. Ashley Co wen and Chas.
Davis of San Francisco were the only Ameri
can passengers.
The KrotUIjii Election.
A member of tbe Brooklyn investigating
committee states that the evidence is conclu
sive that Booth, Republican, for Mayor, was
counted out fraudulently. The Brooklyn board
of aldermen yesttrday increased their commit
tee to canvass vo*e3, and finding evidence of
lraud, have certified the clectiou inspectors to
appear before them.
Protests.
Several protests against tbe returns of sever
al districts in Brooklyn were received to-day
by the official canvassers.
Suit Agniaftt the Westfield.
A suit for $5000 damages by the wife of John
Modden, killed by tbe expiosiou of the steam
boat Westfield, was commenced to-day against
tbe Staten Island R. R. Co.
Prr.'niptoiy Order to Erie.
United States Commissioner White lias or
dered the Erie Railway Company to prepare
6000 stock certificates as duplicates of tbe
Bhaies originally placed iu the hands of tbe re
ceiver and send them to his (White’s) office be
fore one o’clock on the 23 1 iust., aud then to
be delivered to the attorney of Heath aud
Raphaeil.
IVapfAtv Hlipnnri
Two cars, with one hundred passengers on
board, ran of) the track ou the Hudson River
railroad, at Spuyten Duy vil bridge, teis morn
ug, and stopped within few inches of tbe bank.
Tbe Cholera.
The Health Board feel no uneasiness about
the cholera, but profess to have some relative
to tbe small-pox. Only eight new cases have
occurred in the whole city since Saturday.
A New Point of l aw.
A new point to-day was brought up in the
Riverside Park case that all their State laws
allowing commissioners to assess damages are
valid under the 14,h amendment of the nation
al Constitution, tbe defendants claiming that
tbe awards must be made by a jury. Decision
reserved.
lanporfaut Suit.
Tbe casa of Bowen versus Chase in which
the former seeks to oust the latter who is a sou
n-law of Madame Jannet, from the possession
>f&2,000,000 of property, will be tried on the
Engineer Killed.
Assistant engineer Miller of the steamship
Erin was killed to-day by being accidentally
ihrown among the machinery by a lurch of the
<hip off Sandy Hock. His remains were
wrought to this city.
Heavy Taxes.
The taxes of Long Island City are 7 per cent,
md real estate is growing cheap.
Into ibe Erie Ring.
The Directors of the Hannibal and St. Jo
seph R. R. Company have elected Henry N.
Smith President, B. F. Carver Vice President,
and voted to remove tbe office from Boston to
this city. Jay Gould was elected a director to
till a vacancy.
Vni'ioua Mallera.
Tweed’s counsel has filed exceptions to the
ardor of Judge Learned ou the grounds of a
laeir of jurisdiction.
The Wabash will sail Thursday.
John Morris and John Kelley were arrested
In-zl-iv frtr iMimbintr Wm flramcr (lnirn vac.
terday afternoon, iu Spring street, dragging
him into an alley aud robbing him. Daylight
highway robberies are iucreasiDg here.
Bisuop Potter and other Episcopalians gave
a breakfast to Bishop Litchfield at Dclrnon
ico’s to-day.
The trial of the voucher thieves commences
Monday next.
Committee on City Charter.
The Republican Central Committee this eve
ning adopted a resolution that a committee of
twenty-one be appointed to decide what legis
lation is proper for the Republicans of this city
to urge ou the State Legislature.
Editor Punished.
4t 3 o’clock to-day as Frederick Docosta, ed
itor of tbe Spanish paper Cronista, was passing
Exchange place and Broadway, a Cuban,name
unknown, threw a large tiu pail lull ol filth in
to bis face and escape J. Docosta stood with
blinded eyes till some gentlemen put him in a
3ab.
Collision of a Railroad Train and filorte
Car.
A train on the New Jersey Railway ran into
l Hudson City horse car at Newark crossing,
liis evening. Ol eighteen or twenty inmates
wo were fatally and six dangerously injured.
Che names of those known ate John Miller,
tVm. S. Blake, George Aldrich, John Birch,
Sarah Birch and .Win. Murray* The driver
umped trom the car aud has not since been
Heard from. The accident, it is said, was thu
result of criminal carelessness on the part of
the keeper of tbe gate at the crossing, whose
name is Thomas LanB&gan, and who has dis
appeared.
Cloning of tbe Canal.
The Morris canal will be closed on Dec. 12th,
unless the ice previously stops navigation.
Action of ibc Bar Association.
QThe Bar Association has adopted resolutions
heartily confirming the verdict of the people in
the lute election, recognizing the duties im
posed on the Association and thereby appoint
ing a committee to prepare the amendments
required to the codes of proceedure and laws
relating to judicial administration. The Judi
ciary Committee was instructed to inquire into
tbe charge reflecting upon the administration
of justice in ibis city, and procure evidence re
garding it. The committee on extortions were
directed to inquire into tbe practice of making
illegal exactions and other abuse of public
cffices, State aud federal, connected with the
administration of justice.
Gale aud Heavy Rain.
There li as been a north-east gale with a heavy
rain all the evening. There are no arrivals
from sea. Marine disasters are feared. Tele
graphs are working badly in all directions.
WA^HINUTOIf.
Iutereat of the New Loan.
Walhington, Not. 14.—It is unofficially
stated ou good authority that Secretary Bout
well, iu his next annual report, will strongly
recommend legislation to provide for the pay
ment in Europe of the iuterest on as much of
the new loan as is or may be hereafter placed
abroad. This, it is claimed will greatly extend
the European market for United States se
curities.
An tJngnllant Deceiver.
One Hoover, has been arrested at the Treas
ury Department for obtaining money uuder
false pretences. He iepresen:ed to some la
dies that be would, for a pecuniary considera
tion, obtain them a situations iu the Depait
meutaud informed others employed there that
charges were preferred against them, but.for
certain sums of money he would have the
charges withdrawn. Several of the ladies were
duped by the swindler.
Etuiinatrs.
Estimates of the appropriation for the sever
al Departments have Leen received at the
Treasury and are being put iu proper iorrn for
the Secretary’s use.
Cabinet Meeting.
At the meeting of the Uabinet this after
noon only the usual routine of business was
considered, except that theie was some inter
change of views in regard to selecting a proper
tiersoa for appointment as counsel for the
United State3 Government before the Geneva
Commission in place of Curtis, declined.
Tre i>u: y Balance*.
Balances in the Treasury at the close of
l.„ „1„„ aa l..llnn'c*_P.ain
817,108; curreocy, 87,539,552; coin certificates,
818,744,900.
Civil Service,
The rivil service commission were engaged
to-day in (lie consideration of a proper mode
of couEtitutiug a board of examiners.
The A mel ienn nvd Britcoli Commission.
The American aud British commission met
to-day, hut owing to the absence of Judge
Frasier no business was transacted.
Appoiufmeut.
The President has appointed Nelson J. Tarry
of Ohio a member of tbo peace commission to
fill the vacancy created by the resignation of
ex-Senator Lane of Indiana.
ilIETEOKVLOClirA I»
Srnop'M of Weather Reports for the past
Tsveulj-Foar flours.
War Dfp’t, Office Chief Signal 1
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Nov. 14,(7.00 P. M.)3
The lowest pressute will probably advance
northeastward possibly branching' into two
divisions. Brisk southeast winds prevail on
the New Eoglaud coast and Lake Ontario, the
latter hacking to the northwest. Increasing
northwest winds on Likes Erie and Huron,
and increasing southwest winds outlie south
Atlantic coast Partially cloudy and clear
weather will probably prevail on Wednesday
io the southern and gnlf stab s. On the uppei
lakes clearing weather. In the Middle state?
cloudy and ram. In New England wind ami
gale on the coast, varying Irom east to south
west. Cautionary signals continue lor this
evening in Milwaukee, Chicago, Grand Haven
Detroit, Cleveland, Buffalo, and Oswego
Also at Savannah, Charleston, Wilmington
Baltimore, Cape May, New York, New Lon
doo, Boston, aud Portland.
RHODE I8EAJID,
Counterfeiter arrested.
Providence, Nov. ^4 Win. Keeck was ar
rested bete this p.M by an officer of the U. S
Secret Service, as a confederate iu the counter
feiliug operations of Miner Couch and party.
PEAN8V1.VA1VIA.
Nutall Pox,
Philadelphia, Nov. 14.—The Board o
Health reports the number ot cases of smal
pox la*t week at 491, a tailing off lrom the ptc
vious week ot 85 cases.
NEW JEB8EI.
Schools! r Capsized nml Clew iTAisoiug.
Lf.ed’s Point, Nov. 14.—The schooner J
C. Merritt ^capsized off Baruegale Satur
day morning. Captain Booye of Somers Point
and four men have not since been heard from
FOREIGN.
TURKEY.
Spread of I lie i liolcrii.
London Nov. 14 —Letter* from Constanti
nople represent that the cholera is spreading
iutliatciiy. The number ot deaths increase
daily.
The Sick Alan Convalescent.
Constantinople. Nov. 14—A decree has
been issued by the Porte directing the Minis
ter of Works to inaugurate a comprehensive
system of public improvement iu view of the
network ot railways projected by foreign capi
talists in Ottoman dominions. The harbors
will be improved, tbe rivers made navigable,
uew roads built aud the old ones repaired aud
every effort will be made to establish lines of
connection with the new railway from all parts
of the couutiy.
PERSIA.
T be Uarrom of Eaiuiitc.
New York, Nov. 14.—Iu a letter in the Lou
don Times ot tbe 1st inst., from Bushier?, Per
sia, Sept. 23d, an English official states that
the people there are more emaciated than ever.
At least 2500 besiege the English residency for
food every morning, and in their rush actually
crushed two women to death on the 21st. In
fants and young children are lying about tbe
streets scarcely recognizable as human beings.
S VtTZt llLA N P.
The Giurra Eire.
London, Nov. 14.—The fire iu Geueva de
stroyed two blocks of bouses, tbe quay and tbe
Hotel CuuraDne. Tremendous consternation
prevailed but the military preserved older.
GRKA1 BRITAIN.
The Proposed Alliance ot Peers aud
Workingmen.
London, Nov. 14.—Scott Bussell writes to
tbe papers to-day giving a history of the so
calied soci-1 movement. He says if Prince
Albert had been living he would have been its
leader. Tbe movement originated in proposals
for a union between the Peers and working
men. He denies positively that its objects or
motives are political or revolutionary, and
strongly advocates perstveiauce iu tbe effort in
interest of social progress aud aud reform.
JDr. Liviugsione.
The British Government has granted a pen
siou of £300 to the cliddien of Hr. Liviugstone,
the African explorer. Hr. Livingstone, when
last heaid from, wa3 slowly making his way
towards the coast.
Items.
It is denied that the Pope intends to take up
bis reside nee iu Fiance.
The Belgium Chambers opeued yesterday,
He Legne being made President of the {Senate.
M At.HAC Ul'SETTS.
A Clerical larger,
Lowell, Nov. 14.—Samuel H. Seymour, ar
rested iu Worcester and brought to this city,
was before the Police Court this forenoon and
held until Friday uext iu oue thousand dol
lars lor forging the name of Kev. N. C. Mal
lory of this city, and a like sum for obtainiog
money oa false pretences. Seymour has been
before reported under several aliases, graduat
ed at Columbia College, New York, preached
two years in Michigan, aud has a lady love in
Worcester, Mass., to whom he attributes his
arrest. He is about forly-five years old and
Iras evidently seen considerable of life, hut
may be suffering Irotn abcrraiion ol rniud,
Ueptl: lure of Mr. Adams.
Boston, Nov. 14 —Hoo. Charles Francis
Adams sailed in the steamer Tripoli today to
join the Geneva Coolerence. Kev. W. K. Al
ger came a passenger iu the Aleppo which ar
rived to-day.
Not a Profitable JDividrild.
The suit of the Merchant’s National Bank
to recover from the State National Bank
55000 000 paid on checks drawn by Melleo,
Ward Co., hos been settled out of court by
division of the lose equally between the two
hanks.
Womnu’a Suffrage Associativa
The American Women Suffrage Associatiou
will hold its third annual mertiug in Philadel
phia tire 21st and 22d ol November. Mrs.
Tracy Cutter, Col. T. W. Higgiuson, Lucy
Stone, William Lloyd Garrison, aud others
will attend it.
-T-—
NEW U4I1PSHIKE.
1 lie New Dampftliire Cavalry*
Concord, Nov. 14.—The second annual re
union ol the New ±iawpsbire Cavalry Associa
tion was held here this forenoon. L. Kidder
of Nashua, presiding. The following officeis
were chosen for the ensuing year:
President, E. H.. Smith of Peterborough;
Vice Presidents, D. F. Wilton of South Bos
ton; W. W. Dwiuel of New Market and Clar
ence B. Sanborn ol Sauborntun; Secretary and
Treasurer, N. P. Kidder of Manchester; Chap
lain, Moses Sherman of Piereinont.
It was voted to hold the the next annual
meeting iu Nashua on the secood Tuesday iu
November, 1872. Capt. W. H. Palmer of New
Bedford, Mass., read a history of the regiment,
alter which a dinuer took" place, at which
speeches were made by various members.
INDIANA.
The Murderer* of ihe Peak Family
discovered.
Louisville. Ky., Nov. 14—Last night the
citizens ol Henryville, Indiana, near where the
murder of the murder of the Park family oc
curred, ou Saturday night put a rope aiouud
tbe neck of George Johnson, a negro implica
ted in the minder, aud telliDg him that the
ciime was traced to him demanded to know
his accomplices. Johnson made a full con
fession, stating that two negroes named Davis
aud Taylor with himself planned the murder,
beli-ving thnt Mr. Park had $400 or $500 of the
Church money, in the house. Johnson watch
ed outside, Davis held tbe light, and Taylor
committed the bloody deed. Ilis partners re
fused to divide the plunder fairly with him.
They only got $140 The whereabouts of his
accomplices became known and a party of
citizens who immediately elfec ed their arrest.
The police took the prisoners through the
woods to avoid a mob, and jailed them in
Jeffersonville to day.
WISCONSIN.
A (flan Sboota III! Wife nud I Sim* elf.
Chicago, Nov. 14.—At Kenosha, *Wis., this
afternoon, E P. Moms shot his wife dead and
then b!ew out his own brains. The cause cf
the act is unknown.
Timely Oiler.
Gov. Fairchild of Wis., has authorized the
furnishing of 3000 feet of lumber free of expense
to every family who will rebuild on their lot
recently devastated by fire.
MINNESOTA.
Tii* election.
St. Paul, Nov. 14 —Tbe official returns of
the late electiou are not yet all iu.buteuough
have been received to show that Gov. Austin
will have a majority of about 13 000 The Leg
islature stands on joint ballot 100 Republicans
to 40 Democrats.
The first snow of the season fell yesterday to
the depth of aa inch and a hall.
TfiNNJKSSKB.
Struck Oil.
Nashville, Nov. 14 —A reservoir of oil was
struck last night ou the farm of George Hud
son in Dickson county, thirty miles from
Nashville. The flow is estimated at 100 gal
lons per day.
A Rcnpectfnl Le|{idatare.
The Legislature today paid a visit of re
spect to the widow of ex-President Polk.

CALIFORNIA.
Murder of Mr. Loring Confirmed.
San Francisco, Nov. 14.—Mr. Loring, who
was murdered with others in the Arizona
stage, was a popular author aud journalist aud
was ou his way to the East, intending to lec
ture on Arizona and expose Collyer’s Indian
peace negotiatiens.
The Fair Case.
The appellants iu the case of Mrs. Fair have
20 days to file a brief. The people have the
same time to respond so that it is doubtful if
the decision is rendered before the 15ili of Jan.
MISSOURI.
IS ridge Aero*! the Misak*tippi.
St. Louis, Ngv. 14. —A party of practical
bridge builders have made a proposition to
construct a span bridge across the Mississippi
at Caroudolet or South St. Louis, agreeing to
complete it within two years at a cost not ex
ceeding $2,000,000. Three railroad companies
have alreauy expressed their willingness to
make such an anaugement.
NORTH CAROLINA.
JttainpeSe of luhabilaanaf Mbrlby.
New Yobk, Nov. 14.—A llaleigh despatch
stages that the late raid of troops iu'o tiie town
of Sheiby at night caused a stampede of the
inhabitants in their night clothes,hut no ar
rests of the Ku-Klux were made.
MOUTH CAROLINA.
Horrible Cruelties unit murders by tbe
Hu Klui.
New York, Nov. 14 —A Yorkville, S. C
letter to the Tribune gives detailed accounts o*
tlio horrible cruelties and murders by the Ku
Klux iu that State.
ARIZONA.
Fight Among llie Indians.
San Francisco, Nov. 13—ThePitno Indi
ans in Arizona made a raid upon the Apaches
to-day. They killed 33 men, captured 8 chil
dren aud a quiutity of plunder taken the day
previous from the white settlement.
TELEGRAPH ITEMS.
It is again announced that Tweed has re
signed—or is about to.
Judge George Taylor died at Huntington
Pa., Tuesday oi paralysis.
Louis Lippard, a ptofessioual garroter, was
seuteuced, Xues lay,to 8 yeats iu prisou iu New
York.
There are four hundred Chinese engaged al
work iu the EUntan woolen mill iu Somerville
N. J.
Judge Morgan Caipeutcr died Tuesday
morning in Poughkeepsie, N. J., aged 7(i.
John Smith was robbed aud boateu nearly
to death uu 138cb street, New York, Sunday
night.
Twenty saloop and shop-keepers of Flush
ing, Long lslau.1, were arrested lor keeping
open Sunday.
A rich discovery of quicksilver has beer
made iu Monterey co.. Cal.
Carl Seburz an! Gen. Hutler are at the fltli
Avenue Hotel iu New Y'ork.
There are rumors of an alliance between
TweedKad the Tammany Republican member
of the new legislature.
The vessel reported suuk off Madison proves
to be the Canadian schooner Juliette, with!
cargo of grindstones. All hands except Wn
H. Tbayler, the cook, were lost.
Gen. Sherman did not embark on tlio Wab
ash, Monday, as the vessel was not ready for
sea. She encouutered a severe gale on the
trip from Huston and three meu at the whee
were severely injured,

T£LE»UAFH10 ITETBS.
Au easterly rain storm began in New York
Tuesday forenoon.
The principal school bouse in Virgiuia city,
Nevada, was burned Tuesday. Loss, $10,000.
Ann Bicknelly, a poor woman, was found
dead in a shanty in New Brunswick, N. J.,
Sunday, with her bead nearly eaten off by
la’s.
An uuknowu man was found dead in the
New Haven depot, New York, Tuesday morn
ing with $25,000 in hia pocket.
It snowed in Nashville, Tenu., Tuesday af
ternoon.
Tbe steamer Virginia from Liverpool arrived
in New York last night.
Weal her Ueport—14-14 P. M.
War Department, Signal Service U. s. Army, Di
vision of telegrams and Ke purls tor the bene tit of
Commerce.
4>
Place I 3
of
observation. 'fj
a ui
nt et
1 Q
Boston.2984 45 i? C'oudv
Charleston.S.O..29 77 48 w Oicar
Cheyenne,W.T. 29.88
Chicago ....30 09 32 N\V Clondv
Cleveland.29.54 y, I
Corinne. Ulah..29*4 vr t
Duluth. Minn..30 31 22 n Fair’5
Indianapolis... .29.95 34 £w Her’ng
Key West.29.93 72 x v.fr S
Mt.WashiURton.29J9 15 £w Clnfldv
New London ,.29>4 49 k °ST
New Orleans....33.19 61 N clfc
New York.29.41 B2 E H’y rain
Norfolk.29 44 54 SW Tim’ 11"
^!“aVa''.®J-}5 33 dim Cloudy
Pittsburg.59.44 41 NW Lt Rain
Portland.30 05 41 E Cloudy
San Francisco..29.uk 58 sE Lt Rain
Savunuah.29.10 18 W Clear
Washington 29.35 S3 calm Lt Rain
Wilmington.. 29.84 47 W Clear
Montreal, O. E 29.75 3d NE Lt Rain
Barometer corrected lor temperature and elevation
COMmiqkc IA.L,
<*_
Porcigu Exports.
YARMODTif, NS. Brig Emeiine-1000 bbls.
flour, 100 do oalmeil, 5 do wine.
^«iei«u Buiporls.
CAKDlt iT. Bark Sagui—805 tons coal to J. L.
Farmer.
ANN APOLIS, NS. Sell Clyde—48 tous bay,22 bbls
apples to N. Noble.
55 Steamer Chase—8 casks skins
to Hart Co.: i box poaltry to Ceortc H. Starr: 1
pkge merchandise lo Swctt’i Express.
Beceipli by Kailroadi and Niramboa(>.
i .7 V »aii.h4w—iu11k, j-ayu
bbls. Hour, 26 lulls paper, I eir siarcb, 28 do lumber,
1 do molasses. 1 Uo spurs, 1 do wood, 3 do shocks, 2
do butter, 2 do bark, 2 do corn, 2 do sundries.
Shipments to Lower Provinces—3206 bbls. Hour,
1 car vinegar, 1 do oatmeal, 1 do spirits, 1 Uo malt, 1
do barley.
Steamer Dieigo, from New York—805 dry
hides, 100 bales wool, 21 do tags, 26 do buffalo robes,
80 halt chests tea, 140 rods leather, 6 do carpeting,
etc 40 crow bars, 17 plans iron, 17 burs steel, 25 k«8
nuis aud bolts, GO (.o soda, 90 bb.s. whiting, 20 do
saltpetre, 59 do glass-ware, 23 do nuts,22 casfcs paint,
50 b »ls. salt, 200 boxes wiudow glass, 200 do raisins
100 do tobacco. 1G0 do tin, 125 sewing machines, 30 do
hardware, 25 do drugs, 24 dotype;50 do starch, 35
bags shot, 25 bd s car springs, 30 do paper hangings,
50 p;s iron pipe, 1 pump, 1 hydraulic jack, 7 pianos.
250 pkgs sundries.
Steamer Forest City from Boston—300 bats
and 40 bdls iron, 20 coil* rope, 100 bols. poik, ‘-5 cases
and 25 bales domestics, 10 dressed hogs 40 casks
nails, 4 bdls mouldings, 9 plates irin, 1 cask oil, 24
slabs marble, 10 bags coffee, I rocking horse, 8 bolts
duck, 2 pianoioites, 15 bdls sheet iron, 50 do sot
tish, 500 bugs sugar, 7 bales carpeting, 5 tons pig lion,
l horse, 100 pkgs to older.
For Canada and up country—46 bbls. dve-wood,
1J3 plates iron, 60 bales rags, 40 do wool, I56p'ec08
pipe, 22 casks spines, 27 bdls (hairs, 12 casks oil, 13
bbls flour, 1 pianof. lte, 22 bdls iron, 50 do leather,
75 pckgs to order.
New York Mg«clt and Moaev market*
New York, Nov. 14—Morning.—Gold opened at
HI*.
Money 5 per cent. Sterling Exchange 108J 1C9f.
Stocks steady and firm. State bonds dull but
s.eady.
The tol'owiug are the torenoon quotations ol South
ern securities:
Tennessee 6s, new... 68
Virgiuia 6s, new. 65
Missouri 6s. 97]
Louisiana 6s, ne»r.55
Alabama 5s. 65
Georgia 7’s.1. 86
North Carolina 6*s, new. 19}
South Carolina 6s. new. 63]
The following were the quotations tor Union Pa
cific securities:
Central Faciffc bonds.1(2]
Union Pacific bonds. 89}
Union Pacific stock. 24]
Union Pacific land grants. 78
Union Pacific income bonds. 79
New York, Nov. U-Kvtnino.—Money easy at 5
@6 per cent.; prime business 109 @112. Sterling
ExcuaiiL’C firm at 1(8] 108J.
Gold firmer at 111] @111*; carrying rate* 1 5
per cent,.; tbe clearances were $38,000,100.
Governments strong and higher. State bonds dull.
Tennessee and Missouri are higher and Soulli Caro
lina’s lower. Stocks strong and higher and closed
dull at a trifle oft the best prices. Western Ua
iou was strongest.
The following are the closing quotations ot Gov
ernment securities:
United States coupon 6’s, 1831.117]
United States 5-20’s 1862.Ill]
United States 5-20’a 1864.Ill]
United States 5-20's 1865, old.Ill]
United States 5-20’s 1865, utw.114
Uuited States 5-20’s, 1867.. .11(U
Uuited States 5-20N, 1S08. 114]
United States 10-40g., coupon.109]
Currency 6’s.113]
The following arc the closing quotations ol
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 671
Pacific Mail. 47]
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated... 92}
N V. Central Hudson River consolidated scrip. 87 jj
Erie. 314
trie preteixed......(55
Harlem.320
Harlem preferred.120
Heading.It0«l
Michigan Central.122
Lake Shore Michigan Southern, ex div. Hoi
lllluois Central.... JS2
Cleveland Pittsburg.124
Chicago North Western. 604
Chicago North Western preferred.90
Chicago Rock Island.1022
Milwaukie& St. Paul. i>6^
Pittsburg Fort Wayne... 954
Boatflu KSnuk Statement.
Boston, Nov. 13.—The Bank statement is as fol
lows
Capital.$ 48,050,000
Loans. 113 349.013
Specie 1,209.729
Legal Tenders. 10,206.924
Duo from other Banks. 17,214,006
Due to other Bauks. 16,905,518
Deposits. 41.481,004
Circulation. 25,714,409
koxuexiic Hlarkctii.
Watertown,Nov. 14.—Cattle Market.—Beef Cat
tle-receipts, 1218 head; prices have advanced 4c on
all grades tu consequence of light supply jsales choice
9 75; extra 900 @'9 25; first quality w 50 8 75; sec
ond quality 7 50 8 00. Sheep anil Lambs—receipts
10,239 bead; prices for ordinary to medium grades 1
neatly 1c off, but good ots command good prices;
sales in lots at 1 50 4 00 each; extra 4 50 5 50.
New York,Nov. 14—Evening.—Cotton less active
and 4c higher; sales 2067 hales; Middling upia. ds 18£.
Fiour 5 10j higher; sales 10.350 bbls.; JState 5 85
7 25; round hoop Ohio 6 70@7 30; Western 5 85 (eg
7 50; Southern 6 85 @9 25. Wheat opened 1 2c
higher aud closed quiet with advaoce partly lost;
No. 1 Spring at 160; No 2 do 152 @156; White
State 1 63 1 75;-Winter lied Western 1 58 1 62;
White Michigan 1 67 1 75. Corn a shade firmer;
sates 96 000 bush.; Mixed Western at 78 784c,
closing buyers at the litter in store; 804® 81c afloat
Oats unchanged; sales 44,000 bush. Beef quiet.—
Pork steady; new mess 13 10 13 20. Lard quiet
and steady at 9j 10c. Butter steady. Whiskey
tinner a 93 93Jc. closing at the latter. Sugar firm;
Potto Rico at 8} 94c; Muscovado 84@ 93; refining
8J 94c. Coflee dull and lower; Rio 163 19c.—
Molasses dull; Orleans 47 49c. Naval Stores—
Spirits Turpentine dull at 67 6*c; Rosin sternly
at 4 75.tor strained. Petroleum firm; crude 12|
!3c; refined 224 22Jc. Tallow active at 9 10c.
Freights to Liverpool steady. Corn per steam 7d;
Wheat per steam 7$d.
Chicago, Nov. 14.—Flour unchanged and quiet.
Wheat active and higher; No. 1 Spring l 244 1 25;
No. 2 do 120| @121; No. 3 do 1 12; No. 2 Spring,
seller last hall of month 1 204 @121, and closed at
1 201; teller December 1 2*2/ 1 234, and closed at
1 234. Coin dull and lower; No. 2 Mixed 474@ 47|c;
rejected 47c; seller November 453; eel er last half
ot month 45jc; seller December 434c; seller all the
vear 454 453c. Rye dull and unchanged. Bar
levin good demand; No. 2 Fall 643 653c. Pork
steady at 12 70 12 75 jseller December 12 62 12 65;
seller January 12 75 12 87; seder February 12 10
13 15; seller March 13 25 13 30. Lard quiet at 8*
8|c. Bu k meats firm; green bams 74c; shoulders
4c; short rib midxles 5|@6c; meats, 10 to 15 days
in salt; sli raiders 4jjc; short rib middles 6|c; short
clear do 63c. Whiskey in no demand sales at 88c.
Live Hogs active and higher at 3 85 4 25.
Receipts—5000 bbls. Hour, 33 000 bush, wheat, 128
000 bush, corn, 4000 bush, oats, 65,000 bush, barley,
9,000 bush, rye, 11,000.
Shipments—2000 bbls. flour,00,000 bush, wheat,124,
000 bush, corn, 46,000 bush, bailcfy, 17,000 busb. rye,
4000 bogs.
Toledo, Nov. 14—Four firm. Wheat in fair
demand and advancing; No. 1 White Michigan 1 47;
Amber Michigan 1 44 1 46; No. 1 Red 1 44; No. 2
do 1 36@ 1 36 j; rejected 1 21. Corn declined 1c; high
Mixed, new, 54c; low do n«w 52Jc; Yellow 534c;
White, new, 524c. Oats dull and unchanged.
Cincinnati, Nov. 14—Pork dull at 13 00. Lard
In light demand a d holdeos firm at 84 9c. Bulk
i\iin tiir ilumanil ami (hnnuli'r« fit fft) <ii»
sides f»] @6|c. Bacon steady at 7$@7$c; Hogs
opened firm and closed duM at 4 30 4 50; receipts
7000. Whiskey steady at 88c.
St. Louis,Nov. 14.—Flour unchanged. Wheat in
good deni md and h glicr; No. 3 Red 1 40(® 1 41; No.2
Red Winter 1 50@ f51. Corn tirui anil in tair de
mand Mixed on track 42 421.Oats m fair demand;
No. 2 at 35 (a) 3’>$c. Bailey quiet; No 2 Iowa Guo.—
Rye tirm; No. I at 75c. Pork steady at 14. bacon
quiet; sides 8c. Laid nominally unchanged.
Milwaukee, Nov. 11.—Flour quiet and unchang
ed. Wheat in fair demind atiJ advanced Jc; No. 2 at
1 21$; cash seller last half ot month at 1 21 i; seller
Dece nt or 1 23; No 1 at 1 24$. Oils tirm No. 2 at
24c. Corn easier; No. 2 Mixed 48c. Rye tirm; No. 1
at 62 Ballay firm at 55c
Receipts—3000 bhls. flour, 57.000 bush, wheat.
SLinweuts—2000 bbls. 11 »ur, 7.000 bush, wheat.
Savannas, Nov. 14.—Cotton firm; Middling up
lands 17$ 172c.
Nkw Orisons,Nov. 14.—Cotton strong; Middling
uplands 18c.
Charleston aud Mobile markets missing, owing tc
tbe storm.
Fereisn ffliarkeli.
London, Nov. 14—11.30 A. M.—Cousols 93J toi
money and account.
American securities— U. S. 5-20’s 1862, 91$; di
1865, old, 91$; do 1867. 94; do 10-40’s 90.
Liverpool.Nov. 14-1030 A. M.—Cotton strong:
Middling uplands 9$d; do Orleans 9$; sales 12,0Cl
bales.
Fbankfort, Nov. 14.—United States 5-20’s, 18GS
96$.
Liverpool,Nov 14—2 P. M.—Cotton slrongjsale*
15,000 bales. California Wt ite Wheat 13s; Red
Western Spring, 11s tls 5d; Red Winter 11s 7d (2
11s 9d. Lard 4Gi 6J. Tallow 48s 9d.
London, Nov. 14—4.30 P. M.—Consols at 93$ toi
money and account.
American securities firmer—U. S. 5-20s, 18G2, 91$.
do 1*65, old, 91$; do 1867, 94$; U. S. 10-40s 90$.
London, Nov. 14—4 30 A'. M.—Tallow 50*@50t
3d.
Liverpool, Nov. 14-4.30 P. M.—Cotton closet
strong; Middling uplands 9ld; do Orleans, 9$d; salei
15 000 baits. B con 35s. Spiiits ol Petroleum lOji
lid.
Liverpool, Nov. 14—Evening —Bacon 39s foi
short rib middles. Common Rosin 12 14s. Clovei
Seed 64 55s.
Bofttou Mluck Biist*
Sales at the Brokers’ Board, Nov. 14.
Uuiou Pacific Railroad... 25
Union Pacific Land Grant, Sevens. 78,
Vermont Central 1st mortgage Bonds. 85
Michigan Cental Railroad. J?2,
For Hand. Saco Portsmouth Railroad....... 128
Pastern 109
Union Pacific R U sixes. 87,
j The N. y. Evening Post says the appoint
ment of M. Jules Ferry as Ambassador to the
United States will be severely criticised in
France, where Ferry is now regarded as an in
capable. M. Thiers, however, is confident in
his ability. M. Ferry has been a Parisian
journalist, a moderate Republican and deter
mined adversary ot the empire. The city of
Paris sent him to the Corps Legislate in 18113
and again in 1870. During the American war
he wrote several pamphlets and new.-paper ar
ticles in favor of the Uuion. One of these arti
cles, in defending President Lincoln and his
Cabinet against the Paris Patrie, led to a duel
between M. Ferry and the editor of that jour
nal. M. Ferry has lived several years in Eng
land and speaks English fluently.
Married by Proxy.—A Pittsburgh (Pa.)
dispatch states that Ferdinand De Oimmez,
Spauisli charije <f affaires at Rome, and Miss
Lelia Addison were married on Saturday af
ternoon, the ceremony being performed by the
ltt. Rev. Bishop Dominic. An unusual cir
cumstance connected with the affair was that
the bridegroom was repiesented by proxy, the
late Prime Minister availing himself of a priv
ilege granted under the law of the church,
having appointed a brother of the bride to rep
resent him. The Bishop says that this is the
first ceremony ol this kind ever performed in
this couutiy, although not uncommon in Eu
rope. The lady sails for Europe iu a few days.
Alexis.
The Boston Traveller last evening printed a
8fecial statiog that the Russian fleet was sig
nalled at 12 50 yesterday afternoon. The As
sociated Press despatches up to 4 o’clock this
morning have no such intelligence.
o x y g eniht
371 Congress Street,
Established ter Jthe cure ot
CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,
C ON8 UMP TI O N,
DYSPETSIA, SCROFULA,
Ami all diseases arising trom impure blood.
x ITH ir« vj niTHIUID" "UAIIliKn Alii,
dedicated Inhalations
In connection with other remedies. The public aie
invited to call and investigate
FREE OF GUARitE
'"^Letters ot inqu.ry promptly answered and treat
ment sent it' desired. Address.
Dr. J. P. BROWER,
371 C oDjvru Street, P.rtlaml, Mt’
Drs. E. Clark, J. M. Cummings anti C. H. Barr
give permission to refer to (hem. Phy.icluns a
plied with Oxygen or Oxygenated Water.
juu21 t,l,s dOrn au31«2mo
FIRE
Extinguisher Z
DELAY
MAKES. THE
DANGER/
•Properly saved past few days in
Boston with the Extinguisher.
1871.
Out. 16—BERKELEY HOUSE, Boylston street.
14-CHASE, RAYMOND AYER, Btoad st.
14—J. ESTY CO., Rrattleboro, Vt,
10—PR180N POINT BRIDGE, Charlestown.
7—KOBE i, HAYWARD CO„ Sudbury st.
Messrs Richards Co. cf Gardiner, Maine.
write H. Taylik this day that one ot the above
Kjpnguisliers saved their large Paper Mill on the
8th inst., and that this is the second time their mill
has been saved by their use, and that 'they would
not be without them on any accountand this is the
verdict ot all who have had practical experience
with them.
HENRY TAYLOR,
AGENT FOR MAINE,
14 Fxchanse St,,’Portland.
8KN» FOB CIRCULAR.
oet28 TuThS tt
JReliable Insurance!
The tlld Fheenix
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
^CONNECTICUT,
‘Rises from the Allies” ot the Cbicage Fire with a
dean surplus ot over
One Million Dollars,
Ami is now, as heretofore, one of the strongest com
panies doing business in Maine.
Catik AmcU Oct. 1st $1,730,000
Loneaol Chicjgo absul 700.000
Capital and Sut-pls, 1,030,000
It will thus be seen that tbi3 old company affords
as ample security to its Policy holders as any other
Company in the country.
Policies Issued as heietolore on the most favorable
terms. All losses prompt'y adjusted and paid by
IF. D. LITTLE d> COAgents,
Of lice 49 1-9 Exchange Ml.
Oct 30is-d<&w3\v
Bichardson’s New Method
For the PIAUO-FOKTE
This well-proved Method has been 12 years before
the public. Carefully prepared, and highly recom
mended at the nutset, ft h is steadily increased in
public tavor, until, some year since. It fairly reached
f he highest position, and seems likely to retain it
for a long time.
Animal Male.93,009 Copies*.
Commencing to tike lessens, now a-day, and
pnrehasuga “Richardson” are very apt to beco
temporaneous events.
Price $3 75. Sent, post-paid, for the retail price
OLIVER DITSON Sc CO., Boston.
C II. DKTNON Sc CO., New York.
ngl4 tc
Gorham’s Sale
ELEGANT
Piano^ Fortes,
No. 3 Free St-Block.
53T“Ninth day of the Exhibition.
Last day but Iwo.^iEJ
November 11. dot
FOR S.lEFt
An Irm PropeNer Ferry-Boat.
~jpe Dimensions, length, 220 feet, beam 40
t« l readrh over guards C) It.; *leptb
■BmMIH teet; draught ot water laden 11 leet.
Suitable lor L*ke or River navigation, and ibe car
rying ot Railroad Cars and Teams.
The Ironwork is marked and lying in store at
Portland.
Apply to PERCY L. ISAAC,
At the Falmouth Hotel,
Or to GEO H. STARR.
British Consulate, Portland, Maine.
November 4th, lstl. is U2w
----w

DO YQP FEEL WEAK AND LANGUID IN
CONSEQUENCE OF OYER EXERTION
Have you taken cold Are you afflicted with
autuu mutism, ur 1HUU3 ui uuy kiuu i try uuo ui
Wells’ Machine -spread Strengthening Plasters.
They will certainly cure.
They arc composed of choice emollient gums,
spread on the finest kid, of three different sizes,
and are worn with ease and comfort. Sold by
Druggists, price 15,20 and 30 cents eacb.
F.C. WELLS CO.,
192 Fulton Street, N. T.

IF YOU WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
CiO TO
Palmer's 132 Middle Street
Where you can get a wide or narrow, full or siin:
Boot, just the width and length that will l»e c ity nr.
graceful, and enjoy the rare luxury ol wearing a per
fect fitting boot.sepStUI
Ho. 16o Middle Street,
M.& A. P. DARLMTG
Have received from New York
Silk Vcivel« am! Satins, in all colory; Thread
and Malta Laces, Dress and Nnck Dutton*
and Ornaments, Niai Luibioitlery Hiaids
Frillies, in a 1 colory.
octll lwd then 3weod
TO LET
Store No 142 144 Commercial at.
CORNER ol Widgery’s Wbart, particular!
adapted to the Flour and drain business; larg
capacitv, having a frontage o' 3o feet, and depth 15
feet, accessible r»y water or rail, filed up with every
msderu convenience.
Apply to H. N. JOSE, 194 Fore st.
Nov 4 is tt
To be Rented.
I.11VE Booms on Neal st.; six rooms in rear o
1 Mechanic st; six rooms on Waterv.lle et;
house on Oak street; house corner Cumberland and
Paris sis.; a house corner Wilmot and Lincoln..
nol3-dlw* VV.M. H. JERKIS.
To be Let*.
THE three storied Brick Store 201 Fore street, fool
of Plum, in good condition, with hoisting ai>
paratus trom sub-cellar to the third story.
Apply to .1. K. BRAZIEB, 47 Brack*'
or at N: Goold, Merchant Tailor, lo, Middta slice t.
nolOdlwis
ENTERTAINMENTS.
~FI;lfF*rT hAIjIj.
-THIS
Weduesdaj Evening, November 13,
Stooc
IN HU
Astonishing and Amusing
EXPERIMENTS
Upon peisons who may volunteer from among the
audience. Previous to the Experiments
Phrenological Examinations
Will be made upon persons selected by tbe autliei.ee
forming a scientific a ml instructive enteitainment
which has attracted crowded and intelligent audi
ences in all the principal rowts aud cities m ii.uro|ie
and America. 0
Doors open nt 7 oYlock. Commence at 8.
Admission 35 cents. Reserved f®,"*;A
Tickets iuav be bad at Ila"0»*& Ciagin a Music
Store, 77 Middle street, at Sto kbridge s Music store,
156 Exchange st, and at the door. nol4dtl
IV1. L
JFourth Entertainment
Wednesday Evening, Nov 15tb,
LECTURE BY
Rev. E. H. Ghapin, of N. Y.
Tickets to the Course 1.50. Evening Tickets 50c.
Doors open at G 1-2. Lecture at 7 1-2 o'clock,
nolltd
Al* B/. Alw
The |ri»h American Relief A«eo- I
ciatieu will give an Assembly at
LANCASTER HALL,
THURSDAY NIGHT, Nov. XGtli,
Music Uy Chandlei’s Quadrille Band, D. H.
Chandler prompter. Tickets admitting Gent and
Ladies $1. Members can procure their tickets oi
William McAleney. dtt Preb’.e street.and at the door.
i?ioor uirector, it h. Parker; Assistants, E. H.
Coleman, E. .J. Lisk, li. E. McDonough, P. O. Con
nor, Maxime Paquet, James Hernon. Dancing to
commence at 8 o'clock. Clothing checked free.
novlltd
M. C. M. A..
Lectures and 'Debates.
THE Maine Charitable Mechanics' Association will
hold meeting* Jor Lectures and Debates at their
Library Room on
Thursday Evening:
ot each week, until otherwise ordered, commenc
ing on the
16th in*t nt 7 1-4 o’clock.
Question tor discuss’on:
Resolved. Thatthe City Government should turn
its attention to the development oi mechanical in
dustry, by encouraging Ibe establishment ot manu
facture* in our midst and extending pecuniary aid
when necessary.
Bro. C. P. Kimball, affirmative.
Bro. Charlvs Holden, n ative.
nov14td GEO. A. HARMON, Secretary.
Army Navy Course
Second l£nte< tainmcut.
ThursdayEvening.Nov. lO
LECTURE BY
JWvfllK TWMJV.
Subject: “Reniinlneences ot Uncommouplace Char
acter 1 have'chaticed to meet," Doors open at GJ.
Concert by Portland Rand at 7.1# Lecture at 7,J5.
Course tickets $2. Evening tickets 50 cents. For
sale at G VV Gilkey Co’s, and at the Music Store*
oi Ira 0 Stockbiidge and Hawes Cragin.
noIGtd
Public Assembly
The G. W. T. S.,
Will give their third Assembly at
LANCASTER HALL,
Friday Fve’g, November 17,
Under the management ot
CAPT, EDWARD HODGK INS,
GEO. H. FOSTER, J. T. SEAVER
Music by Webb’s Full Quadrille Band
six PIECES
Ticket* admitting Gent and Ladies, 75 cents.
Dauciug to eommer.ee at 8 o'clock. novlstd
ASSEMBLY.
Hilt. A. S. GEE
would announce hi* second assembly in connection
with his class in Dancing,
Monday Eveuing) November 2Uth.
at bis Academy, cornei oi Brown and Congress sts.
Mr. Gee will commence his first school tor lnstruc
ion in Dancing for evening scholars on Wednesday
evening, Nov. 15th, and continue every Wednesday.
For particulars apply at the Hall. nov!5tt
N-o-t-i-c-e T-h-e-s-c
F-A-C-T-S!
—THAT AT—
©UBANi’S
Clollilng House,
Can he found any at tide in lhe way or Weiring Ap
paial lor Men aud Hoys and at prices that
Will speak for Themselves.
We have a well assorted stock, our Goods are first
class in every respect and we aim to please in prices
material and make. Who can’t ali'ord to dress well
with Clothing at theee prices,
^^vercoats $0
Qverroau
QvtrcoolM 30
$10 jguiiueKM Suits
to J^uniuess Muit*
M5 j^UHiiaesH 8uits
J^ecfer* $8.
J^eefer* to
j^Jeefers 10
$18 l^resa Haiti
to J^reiw Suits
3t> J jrcM 8uits
jgoyn’ Suits $5
|^oys’ 8uits to
l^ojfNuih 5iO
$5 J^oyn’ Overcoats
to j_>oys* Overcoats
18 j)oy»’ Overcoats
pants'nud^Vests $.Vto i‘J
pnuh, $-1 50 to S
|Tmler('oiitni4 to 18
Vests $1 to $5
And an endless vaarlety of Underwrear, Cardigans,
and Furnishing Goods, at the same low prices.
No, 170, opposite loot of Exchauj'e
street.
Nov 9-d2wis
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE MARINE
Insurance Co.
S ring field, Mass., Oct 25, 1871.
Messrs. Loking Thurston,
Agents. Portland:
As many of the Compauicn hare been deceived In
the uwouut ot their C hicago lo»s*ew, we conclud
at this late day to make the following Stateweu
which we know to l>e correct.
A*i«ct« at Market Value.$I,OT7jOOO
Chicago io&cM
not over.$430,000
All other oiitMtandiug
loMti.47.990 $497,390
$599 7841
lar^Tkls will give ns our Capital ot $500,000
entire, and Surplus or $79,780 and we expect a
salvage ot over $:5 COO at Chicago.
0 ur Adjusters are paying all losses* at Chicago in
Cash as last as they can be adjusted.
Our Directors and Stockholders are pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO RATA on their Stock $395»
OOO within thirty days, as a reserve against, all out
standing risks, in accordance w.tli tha Laws ot
Massachusetts and New Yprk. This will give us
Capital and Surplus
OF OVER
$000,0 00.00.
After Paying nil Outstanding Leun.
THIS POTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
UASIS. Select your business with great care an<l
avoid hard and undesirable risks as heretofore, anil
please be particular uot to give us too much lu oue
risk or 'ocalitv.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Secy.
DWIGHT D. SMITH, Vice-Pres t.
The above statement will assure the patrons of the
Company aud the public that the SPRINUFILD is
STRONG and alive to tlm titualion.
Policies issue 1 on good property at lair rates.
L0RIN3 THURSTON,
AGEXTS,
38 Exchange street.
Forllaud, Oct 30, 1871. isdiw
iTIamd;ictiir«r^ Sale
-or
FlRi*2tIlHll‘e, ^c$
BY AUVllON.
V. O. BAILEY A CO., AmctV*.
WE shall sell on THTRSDA Y, Nov 16tb, at u>»
A M, at store No 138 and lto Fore »i. 'x j,"
stock in store which consists iu part of about li
Clumber Set*. (hud and sole wood); B. W. Centi.*
Tables (marble top); Solas in 15. \V. and Hair Cloth,
VVTi.ttaoD, B. W. ami Chestnut Kxr.nfion Table*,
Cane beut and Oak Dining Chans, Stuffed aud Cane
beat Rockers, Minors, Bedsteads. Buietus. Loung«
es, bpring Beds, Feathers, Cro kery and WU a
0,1 ^n^ting, Also 1 C ibiueiBetl.
EJr Sale positive. nolStd
New House on Leased Land at
Auction.
ON TUESDAY NEXT, Nov. gift, at 12 M.,w«
shall sell tli3 New House on Lot (8 Alder
Street.
bi.d house contains 4 finished rooms, wi ll lerge,
unfinished chambers, chsets, <&e. The bnildiu^nt
soldio be removed prior to January 28,1872.
Ear-Terms at sale.
HOY 15 dlw* F. O. BAILEY Co., JueVrt.
Administrator's hale!
BY virtue ot a license iroa» the Hon. John A. Wo
terman, .Judge ot Probate, within an I ior tits
c ountv or Cumberland, I shall sell at public auction
at salesroom oi F. Ba ley A Co 18 Kwhaug*
street, Portland, on Thursday, Nov. 23J. at 12 o’clock
Al. the to lowing personal property, viz:
1-16 Shooner Eva May,
18 Dannie Westbrook,
1-4 William Aithur,
1-16 Col. Eddy,
3-1C Citizen,
1 ig Dadie Ross,
1-12 Brig Frontier.
W. H. SOCLE, Administrator.
F. O. BAILEY JSt CO., Auct’rt.
At. 1£. HUNT,
Commission Merchant and Auctioneer
NO. 316 Congress st., will sell every evening
large assortment ot Staple and Fancy Goods.
Goods wn! be sold during the day in lots to suit
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on ai
lescriptious of goods. Consignments not limited.
February 11, 1868. dtl
BONDS.
Portland Municipal, O’S
Portland .4 Id li. R. O’s
State ot Maine 0’a
St. Loti is (i'll
Rockland A Id R. R. 0’s
European N. A. R. R. Gold 0’s
Portland* Octl. K. R. Gold 0’8
Portland Rochester K. R. 7’8
Chicago 7’S
Toledo 8’*
FOR SALE BY
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
lOO middle wlreet.
oc23 SN MW&F
NOTICE
THE subscribers have formed a Copartnership
under the style of
Curtis ii Davis,
for the purpose ot carrying on the
Wholesale Fish,
Gencial Commission and, Ship
Brokerage Business,
and hare taken Store
No. 152 Commercial Street.
(recently occupied by Messrs. BURMIN CO.,)
where we otter *or &a>e, a gemr.il assortment of fish
ot all kinds, in lots to suit, at lowest possible ra’es.
We respe ttully solicit consignments of Verse’s,
Kish and Aier handle, with the assurance that our
best enileavors shall not b* wanting tor the inter
est ot thise who may lavor us with their orders to
sell or buy.
November 10.1871.
CURTIS S' DAVIS.
R. S. Curtis, late ot Curtis KtiigLf, Phiia.
N. C. Davis, late ot Ryan Davis, Portland, Me.
noil 2w
Sherifl’s Sale.
Cumberland, ss:
TAKEN on execut’on and will be sold at puMie
auction, on Sat ut ft ay, the second day of l)e*
cember. A. D.. 187', at three o’clock In the aitemoou
at tbe office of J. W. hoisaitb.in Brunswick, iu said
County, all the right in Equity, which Charles L.
Thompson, ot Brunswick, in the County of Comber
lind, bad on tbe twenty-eight day ol Ju1v*a,D.,
1871, at two o’clock a ad titty minutes iu the after
noon, when the same was attached on tho original
writ, to redeem the following described Real Es
tate, situated in Brunswick, in said County, t> wit
a certain lotof land iu Brunswick, aforesaid, with
the buildings thereon, known as the Homestead
Fatm ot the late James Dunning, beieg the same
premises conveyed to Charles L.Thompson by James
H. Dunning, by h!s Deed of warranty, dated March
26,1882. and recorded in the Cumberland Registry ot
Deeds, Vol. 31(1. Pago 329. Also by Samuel Dun
I nmg, by his Dee 1 ct Quitclaim, excepting that part
sold Blake bvThompson, and a part called tbe Judy
\y IUI, CDI'I 1U UUUII U. OJIIH, LUO A CSV VI IUC MIIU
being about one hundred acres
I Also ore other lot of land with tfaebaUdlngs there
I on, situated in said Bruuswtck, on the south sirieot
Noble stre-t, and occupied by the said Charles L.
Thompson, being tbe same conveyed by Wuitstell
W. Douglass, b> liis Deed of warranty, dated Novem
ber 8, 1864, and recorded in the Cumberland Rcgis
ty o» Deeds, Vol. 329, Page 4G<». The u!»ove premises
being subject to a mortgage recorded in the Cum
berland Registry ot Deeds, Book 319, Page 574, given
by the said CUailes L Tbomps -n to the Bruuswick
Savings.Iu itutiou.to secure the payment oi a prom
issory u’ote tor throcjtkousa'.d dollars, dated Alar h
29, 1K71 payable in one jear with interest, at eight
per cent, payable semi annually, on wbic iihereU
now due tbe sum ol lliree Thousand Dollars, with
interest an atoresaid.
Brunswick, Oct. 28. A. D., 1*71.
oc3Dd3wM J. W. FOKSAllH, Deputy Sheriff.
UALIOHB
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce and Kelish
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BK HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Male in Portland by
SISE XE VANS.
Printers or Machin ists
Wishing tor small NTEAItl EXi*INE8, ftoiu
1 to 9. horse power, will find it to their advantage to
call on
J. B. LUCAS,
60 EXCHANGE STREET.
DEALER IS
Machinist Tools and Supplies.
0Ct4
Guardian’s Sale.
PURS IT ANT to 4 license of the |Proba!e Court tor
the County ot Cumberland to in-* granted on the
first Tue day of November, 1871. to make sale ot the
real estate ot Caleb Hatch, Martha K. Hatch a* d
Donnell l>. Hatch, my wards consisting of tbree
fif teen tbs in common and undivided ot a certs io lot
of laud, which is tbe easterly half ot iho homestead
of the late Caleb S. Hatch, decreed, on B a Kelt St.
In said Portland,being the lot adjoining the land and
bakery ot George W. H. Brooks, on the westerly
side theroot, on said street, I will sell the sa d real
estate of my said wards at public arc-.Mi on the
Thiitecnth day of December, 1871, at tbe office ot
Deane «fc Verrili, 49 1-2 Excbang i street, at 10o’clock
A. M.f tor the purpo.es in the license set lortb.
SARAH E. HATCH,
Guardian oi Caleb Hatch als.
Portland, Nov. 11,1871. nov!3-law3wM
Commissioners’ Notice.
THK Subsc-ibers having been api-olnte-l by
tbe Judge ol Probale lor the County of Cum
berland. Commissioners to examine ami lass
upon the claims ol creditors to the estate ol Thsd
deus Stilling, late ol Cafe Elizabeth, in said1 Coun
tv, deceased, represemed insolveni; ana six
months iroio tbe seventh day of November. A. D
1«71. being allowed for that purpose, hereby give no
tice that, they wid attend to the duties assgued
them, at the office of Howard Cieaves tu
Portland on the twentlelli day ol December. A. Is.
lS7t,on the twenty-fonrth day ot January, A.
1872. am* on me sevemn nay m may, a. c/., ion,
from one to lour o’clock in ihe afternoon on each f
said days.
HENRY B. CLEAVES,
ROBERT ROBINS )N.
Commistionert.
Dated at Portland the eighth day 01 November,
A. D„ 1871._dlaw3wF
Anna F. Curtis,
TEACHER of the PIANO FORTE
29 SPUING STREET.
B3^*Satis'actory reference given when required.
oc7 ead 3m
SEED, SEED!
BUSHELS New Timothy Seed; also
AmiKJCtover ana Red Tqy for sale by
KENDALL A WHITNEY.
Portland, Sent 2. 18TE n-pWtt la
|>i>. 8, 8. Fileli
»1III.Y IMIVSilC-IAN," 90 pages,
tends his FA. ne. 'ihishookts to make any
one thcU own doctV Kemidies are given lor Thirty
Vo which each person cau prei are.
sl5d?’onr direction to Dr. S. S. FITOH SON
Broadway, New York. w!8 ly
OFFICES TO JLET.
TWO FRONT OFFICES, second story, over stores
No 130 and 138 Commercial street; fitted upwlfl,
ail I ite improvements.
Applvto H. N. JOSE,
Nov 4-d.X:w2 194 Fore st.
Whiter Board for Horses.
AT the stable in Dtering, formerly called the
•‘Forest City Fark Statle,” box stalls, good
keening, and plenty ot room lor ont door exerc see.
Address CHAS. K. MARWICK, l’orllaud.
mi9d2w __
flwirl Waaitetl
A GOOD, capable GUI t<Tdo general housework
uoH L5t t>ly at No. Keel ing Hired.