THE CHICAGO FIKE.
INTERESTING DETAILS OE THE GREAT
CALAMITY.
History of ihr <'oiHlnurn<ion.
HOW IT STAKTKI) FROM A KKUOSKNB LAMP.
Persons who witnessed and fought the flames
throughout, give the following account of the
fire: Late on Sunday evening, a boy went into
astable on Dekoven street, near the river on the
west side, to milk a cow, carrying with him a
kerosene lamp. This was kicked over by the
cow, and the burning fluid spattered among the
straw. This was the beginning of the great tire.
A single extinguisher on the ground nt that time,
or active work by the police in tearing down one
or two shanties, would have prevented the
spreading of the flames, but the engines were
waited for, and when they had arrived, the fire
men, stupefied bv their exertions at the first tiro
on Saturday night, worked slowly and clumsily,
and their efforts were unavailing The wind was
blowing a gale from the southwest, and the
flames shot rapidly from house to house, and
board yard to board yard.
THS FLAMES CROSS TUB RIVER.
Meanwhile the flames had crossed the river
north of Twelfth street on to the south side, and
were making for the brick and stone and busi
ness blocks, the railroad freight depots and the
manufacturing establishments. The full extent
of the danger was then realized for the first time.
The fire department, although already tired out,
worked like heroes, and the mayor and city gov
ernment, who bad till then supinely rested, now
began to exert themselves. But the opportunity
had been lost; the time when thorough organ
ization could nave blown up buildings or pre
pared for the emergency, had been allowed to
pass, and it was now a fight lor life. The wind,
blowing a stiff gale, had possession of the flames,
and tiie beautilul buildings. Chicago’s glory, lay
before them. Harrison, Van Buren, Adams,
Monroe and Madison streets were soon readied,
the intervening blocks from the river to Dear
born street on the east being at the same time
consumed. Three quarters of a mile of brick
blocks were consumed as if by magic.
RAPID SPREAD OF THE FLAMES.
The board of trade, the court house, the West
ernl nion telegraph and the associated press office,
and hundreds of other buildings were all aflame.
The air was tilled with live coals, which were
hurled north and east. The tire engines were
powerless. All that the men could do was to
blow up buildings, but this availed little The
Times, Tribune, Post, Republican, Journal and
other newspapers’ offices, the Western News
company’s block, Field Leiter’s establishment,
the Drake block—recently built —Farwell Co’s
establishment —all were soon ashes. It seemed
that no sooner had the flame struck a wall
than it went directly through, and
a very few minutes sufficed to destroy the
most elaborately built structure, the walls being
speedily melted and the bricks consumed. The
wooden pavements took fire, making a continu
ous sheet of flame two miles long by a mile wide.
No human being could possibly survive for many
minutes. Block after block fell, and red-hot
coals shot higher and higher, and spread faster
and faster, until the north side of Lake street
was one vast sheet of flame from the river to the
lake. At one time so hemmed in were the people
that it was expected that thousands must perish.
The Sherman, Fremont and other hotels were
emptied of their guests. Those who could made
for the remaining bridges; others got next to
the lake shore and to south.
But one block in all the vast business section
remained at daylight —the Tribune block. The
custom bouse and Hanover block in Dearborn
street had then been burned, and those who had
fought the flames here thought at least this
block could be saved. A force of men under
Samuel Medill swept off the live coals
and put out the flames in the side
walks, and another lot, under Joseph Medill,
watched the roofs. At half past 7 this building
appeared safe, and most of the men went to get
rest or food. A number went to sleep in the
Tribune building, but there was a change of the
wind. The flames soon reached Wabash, State
street and Michigan avenue,and soon McVicker’s
theater caught tire. In a few moments the
Tribune building was in flames, and at the last
moment the sleeping men were aroused and
rescued. By 10 o’clock in the forenoon this re
maining block was in ashes.
The .North division is swept clear from the
Chicago river to Wright’s grove, a distance of
over three miles. But one house —that of Mahlon
D. Ogden, formerly William B. Ogden’s—remains
standing in the entire district. A large portion
of the population driven from this desolated
ground are encamped on the prairie, where they
have nothing but the canopy of heaven over
them, and scarcely sufficient food to satisfy their
hunger.
THE SCENES IN THE STREETS.
From 50,000 to 75,000 men, women and chil
dren were now fleeing by every available street
and alley to the southward and westward, at
tempting to save their lives, livery vehicle was
brought into requisition for use, for which enor
mous prices were paid. Thousands of persons
and horses were inextricably commingled. Poor
people of all colors and shades and of every na
tionality, mad with excitement, struggled with
each other to get away. Hundreds of persons
were trampled under foot. Men and women,
loaded with bundles and household goods, to
whose skirts were clinging tender infants, half
dressed and bare-footed, filled the streets, all
seeking a place of safety. Hours afterward,
these might have been seen in vacant lots or on
the streets far in the suburbs, stretched in the
dust.
The whole population of the city was busy all
Monday night, and at 2.20 Tuesday morning,
the streets were like a bivouac with sleeping
men. At a meeting of citizens, held in the First
Congregational church in West Washington
street, which was continued throughout the
night, measures were concerted to protect what
property was left, and provide for the homeless.
It was cold and chilly on Tuesday morning,
causing great suffering. Nothing was left
by the flames. Water for drinking and
household use is secured from the lakes and the
parks, and for horses from the river. There are
a thousand people camped about the artesian
well, four miles out, and perhaps as many more
at the lake and on Fullerton and Victor avenues,
near the prairie. The people are being fed in the
remaining churches, school houses, sheds, and by
the roadside. The streets leading to the unburnt
portion of the South division, and all leading to
the one unbroken bridge west, were completely
blocked on Tuesday by all kinds of vehicles, carry
ing siek and injured people and blackened furni
tuee. The new hotel, eightor ninestorieshigb.just
completed, sent up pyramids of solid flame, ma
king the water of Lake Michigan ruby colored
for miles. The burning bridges along the river
swing a graceful arch of fire from shore to shore.
The burning ships sailed in crimson waters. The
shipping ordered into the north branch of the
river was sent adrift into Lake Michigan. Many
vessels were burned.
The suffering on the North sl’e was heat-trend
ing. Fifty thousand men, women and children
were huddled together like wild animals, and in
other places 17,000 Germans and Irish were pray
ing for relief. Helpless children were seeking
bread. Their heart broken parents, who know
not which way to turn or wuat to say, can do
nothing but await the distribution of supplies,
which must be slow. Several women who were in
the pains of child-birth and patients were re
moved from their beds of sickness to save their
lives, and were exposed to the rains on Monday
night, and the cold rain winds of Tuesday.
Several deaths have occurred at Lincoln park,and
three women brought their children into the
world only to die. Another night must be spent
in Lincoln park and the brick fields at Division
street, and yet another and another. Bach train
is loaded to its fullest capacity, taking people
away, and every train is obliged to leave five
times as many passengers as it takes.
HUNDREDS OF PERSONS BURNED TO DEATH.
It is fearful to think of the loss of life which
must have occurred. It Is conjectured that near
ly 500 persons were burnt dto denth. Four men
were seen to enter a burning building, and in a
moment they were overwhelmed by a falling
wall. There was a crowd of mon around the
corner of a burning building, trying to save some
property, when the walls fell, and some were
buried beneath It. Twelve or fifteen men, women
and children, rushed Into the Historical society’s
building for safety. In a few moments the flames
burst up, and they were burned to death. Among
those who took refuge in this building were the
venerable Col Samuel Stone, SO vears of age,
John H. Gerard and wife, and Madame Depel
grone, a noted teacher of music. It Is feared that
Dr Fearer and bls family were also burned, as
they were in the building, and have not been
seen since. Mrs Barton Ed sail, whose husband
was murdered last week, and who was
suffering from illness, was carried away
for protection to a building which
was afterward consumed, and it is feared that
she also perished. All the books and papers oi
the Historical society, including the original
copy of the famous emancipation proclamation
of President Lincoln —for which the society paid
s2s,o99—were destroyed. It is feared that a large
number of children, inmates of the Catholic or
phan society on State street, were also burned.
On Chicago avenue a father rushed up stairs to
carry three children away, when be was overtak
en by the flames, and perished with them. The
mother was afterward seen on the street, a rav
ing maniac. A neighboring family of five per
sons also perished. Hundreds ol families on the
northwest side saved no clothing and barely their
lives. Among these was the family of Perry
Smith, formerly president of the Northwestern
railroad.
There is a rumor that in a burnt blacksmith
shop on Rush street, the bodies of fifteen men
were found burned to a crisp, they having rushed
into the shop to escape the flames, which sur
rounded them before they discovered their peril.
THE STORY OF AN EYE WITNESS.
The following reliable and graphic description
of the fire is furnished by a gentleman who par
ticipated in the work of subduing the flames
“None but an eye-witness can lorm an idea of
the fury and power of the fire fiend, as he reveled
among the palatial buildings and warehouses on
the South side, with the wind blowing a hurri
cane. At times it seemed but the work of a mo
ment for the fire to enter the south ends of build
ings fronting on R ludolpb, Lake and Water
streets, and to reappear at the north doors and
windows, belching forth in fiery flames, which
often licked the opposite buildings, and then
flames issuing forth from buildings on both sides
the street would unite and present a solid mass
of fire, completely filling the street from side to
side and shooting upward a hundred feet into the
air, above the house-tops in its mad career. Thus
was street after street filled with flames. Huge
walls would fall without apparently giving a
sound in the roar of the fierce element. Many of
the buildings which stood alone on South Water
street buried their red hot rear walls in the river,
into which they plunged with a hiss. The heat
was so intense at times that the buildings
could not be approached within 150 feet.
The fire, after reaching the business portion
of Randolph and South Water streets, leaped the
river to the north side, in an incredibly short
space of time, and thence,among the long wood
en buildings on that side, reached the lake-shore,
after touching block after block with flames. A
scene of such ,utter powerlessness was never be
fore presented. People bowed their heads in an
guish, and suffered the fiend to have untrammel
ed sway. While there are many instances of
generous devotion on the part of rich and poor
in dividing with the destitute, there are painful
instances of meanness and selfishness.
One person trying to remove valuable
papers from his office asked two firemen to help
him. They refused unless they were paid sso,and
the papers were destroyed. Drivers of express
wagons took SIOO and even SSOO for an hour’s use
of their vehicles. Among the sad scenes was the
appearance of a hundred men and boys beastly
intoxicated around the streets in the North di
vision, where stocks of liquors were turned into
the streets, and furnished a convenient opportu
nity for the gratification of their slavish propen
sities. There is hardly doubt but many of these
poor wretches were burned to death in the
flames."
MORE DETAILS OF THE DISASTER.
A party of eleven persons, mostly belonging in
Connecticut, who arrived at New York direct
from Chicago late on Tuesday night, give ac
counts of the fire which confirm all the previous
reports of its horrors. They state that Chicago
has been dry as tinder for the past three weeks.
The mansard roofs and wooden pavements con
tributed largely to the spread of the flames. At
the Tremont house several persons jumped from
the upper windows, and babies were tied up in
beds and thrown out. The party heard of sev
eral deaths; in one instance three families were
surrounded and burned to death. No one in the
Tremont house saved anything; trunks were
thrown into the street, but had to be left there.
Rev Dr Eddy, who arrived at Indianapolis from
Chicago ou Wednesday, reports the loss of life
and property as beyond conception. He says
that people are starving to death by thousands,
and there are not less than 80,000 homeless per
sons. Prepared food and clothing are urgently
needed. Five hundred people escaped on a barge,
which floated out the river into the lake, where
it remained until Tuesday.
NEW FIRES SET BY FIENDS IN HUMAN SHAPE.
Remarkable as it may seem, there were fiends
in human shape, who still sought on Tuesday
to extend the ravages which had already been
made. Two men were caught in the forenoon in
the act of firing houses on the west side, and in
the afternoon other similar attempts were made,
one tn particular on Thirty-first street, which had
evidently been made for the purpose of destroy
ing the remaining part of the city, which is
largely occupied by wealthy residents.
The'two men who were caught starting a fire
on the West side were immediately hung to lamp
posts—one on Twelfth street, near the river, and
the other three miles away on Clayborne avenue,
North side. Two other men who were caught in
the act of firing buildings were led off with .'opes
round their throats. Gen Stager, superintendent
of the Western Union telegraph company at Chi
cago, telegraphed in the afternoon that seven or
eight incendiaries had been caught, and hung or
shot at sight.
THE LAWLESS ELEMENT AT WORK.
Private dispatches received at Cincinnati state
that Chicago is under martial law, the soldiers
making no arrests, but killing turbulent char
acters on the spot. Seven persons are reported
to have been shot and bung for attempting to set
fire to buildings. Rev Dr Eddy, who arrived at
Indianapolis from Chicago on Wednesday, re
ports that garroting and thieving are frequent at
night. A dispatch from Chicago, Wednesday
noon, says that 41 persons were shot in making
arrests, the previous night, and that the station
house is filled with prisoners. A later dispatch
says that the police continue to capture thieves,
burglars and incendiaries, and generally deal
summarily with them, to prevent further trouble.
LATEST NEWS FROM CHICAGO.
A dispatch from Chicago dated at noon on
Wednesday says tbat the number of bodies re
covered from the ruins up to that hour reached
ninety.
Immense quantities of provisions have already
arrived, among them many car-loads cooked
and ready for distribution. Twenty car loads of
provisions and 10,000 blankets have arrived from
Cincinnati, and twenty cars from St Louis.
Large quantities of provisions have arrived from
St Louis.
The common council has passed an ordinance
fixing the price of bread at 8 cents per loaf of 12
ounces, and fixing a penally of $lO for a viola
tion of the ordinance.
The total loss of grain is now definitely ascer
tained to be Z,C00,000 bushels. Four vessels load
ed with grain ior the East on Wednesday, and
the eastern movement will continue, as fully
5 009,000 bushels are now in store.
Two eight-cylinder presses of the Chicago
Tribune are fonnd to be safe and ready for use
as soon as steam is attached.
The Pacific hotel will be rebuilt at once by the
railroad companies interested.
At a meeting of bankers, Wednesday afternoon,
at which all the national and private banks were
represented, Mr Coib&ugh, the chairman, said
that there are evidences that the disaster is not
so great as was estimated, and that in ibe aggre
gate the insurance companies will be able to pay
at least 50 per cent on the total losses. He ex
pressed his individual opinion that the banks are
solvent, and will pay every dollar of their in-
TIIE SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1871.
dcbtedne««, but that uniformity of action wa«
nectary. The dupoaitH amount to $20,000,000
or $80,000,000, and perhap, 85 or 40 per cent h
immediately available. Committees were ap
pointed to frame reeolutioni and confer with the
railroad representatives.
MIBCKLLANKOUB ITI MH.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, October 11. I
Hon Samuel Hooper, Boston, Mass.: Would
it not be well for the good people of Boston to
dispense with the ceremonies and expense of a
public reception on the occasion of my visit to
to your city, and appropriate such portion of such
fund set apart for that purpose as may be deemed
advisable for the relief of the sufferers by the
Chicago disaster 1 am sure such a course would
please me. U S Grant.
The present mayor of Chicago, Col R- B. Mason,
is a native of Cheshire, Berkshire county, and is
known as one oi the most upright and honorable
men in the country. In 1847 be was a civil en
gineer and contractor on the Housatonic railroad,
then building. In the panic of 1857 be became
financially embarrassed, while building the Dl
buque and Sioux city railroad, and, having bor
rowed heavily of several banks in western Massa
chusetts, be gave up all his private property, and
entirelv satisfied all his creditors, lie is a brother
of Mrs Dr L. J. Cole of Cheshire.
CONTBIBUTIONS OF RELIEF.
The terrible disaster at Chicago has touched
sympathies of sister cities all over this country,
and even in London and Liverpool measures of
relief have been taken. Springfield has raised
SIO,OOO in money and SIOOO worth of clothing;
New York is responding freely, splendid sums
having been given by wealthy corporations and
private citizens, A T. Stewart contributing $50,-
000 and the chamber of com merce $250,000. as
instances; over $250,000 have been raised in Bos
ton; Portland, Me., whose sympathies are quick
in this matter, gives SII,OOO, Providence, K. 1.,
SII,OOO, the house of A. W. Sprague SIO,OOO.
Of ihe places in this vicinity, Pittsfield has rai^d
between SSOOO and S6OOO, besides large quanti
ties of clothing; Holyoke S2OOO and the prospect
good for nearly as much more; Albany contrib
utes 2560,000, and Philadelphia, Baltimore, New
Orleans, and other cities of like class are respond
ing with proportionate liberality.
THE FOREST FIRES IN WISCONSIN AND
MICHIGAN.
Whole Counties Burned Over—Hillw and
ViUngeN Nwepi Away—Jl any fzivew
Mont.
IN WISCONSIN.
The great fire in Wisconsin extends through
eight or nine of the northeastern counties lying
on Green bay and between the bay and Lake
Winnebago. It seems to have started on the
Pensaukee river, in the southern part of Oconto
county, and traveled southward until it reached
the settled region along the Fox river. Between
Menomonee and Oshkosh, a distance of 120
miles, the burnt district is said to average 80
miles in width. The peninsular counties of Mani
towoc, Brown, Kewaunee and Door are also re
ported to have suffered severely. Neither the
area burned over, nor the loss of life and property
has not yet been definitely ascertained. It is
feared, however, that from one to two hundred
persons have perished. The damage to the pine
region must be very great. Several villages are
reported destroyed, and a large number of saw
mills.
IN MICHIGAN.
It is known in Detroit that the counties of Hu
ron, Tuscola, Sanilac and the northern part of St
Clair have been completely swept by the fire.
The loss of life is not yet ascertained, but the
worst is feared. The towns and settlements of
Huron City, Sand Beach, Elm Creek, White
Rock and Forestville are wholly destroyed. Rock
Falls and Port Hope are injured. Nothing yet
heard from Port Austin and Port Crescent. The
large stores in all these townshad just got in
winter stocks. Many saw’ and shingle mills, and
extensive docks are entirely gone. Steamers are
rescuing the people of the burnt district. The
principal owner of Forestville, his family and 18
or 20 others, were picked up in a sail boat by the
U. S. revenue cutter. AH telegraph offices along
the shore are destroyed. Five children are known
to have perished near Rock Falls. The light
rains have abated the violence of the flames, and
it is hoped the worst is over. The loss already
reaches hundreds of thousands of dollars. Sub
scriptions for the relief of the Fufferers have teen
opened in Detroit. Saginaw City has been saved
by the exertion of citizens. Bridgeport owes its
escape to the rain. Holland, Ottawa county, on
the eastern shore of Lake Michigan, is completely
destroyed. The people of Grand Haven are
caring for the sufferers. Among those known to
be lost are Prof Charles Scott of Hope college,
and a minister whose name has not been ascer
tained.
THE TAMMANYI'RAUDS.
A full and careful report from the independent
and joint investigating committee of the alde:-
men, supervisors and business citizens of New
York, this week, comes to the following startling
conclusions: —First, that Ihe city debt is prac
tically $120,000,000; second, that not merely ex
travagance but “fraud and peculations of the
grossest character have been practiced in several
departments” with the knowledge of their heads;
third, that the debt has been doubled
every two years since I 860; fourth,
that the mayor is responsible for the con
tinuation of the wholesale robbery of the city;
fifth, that it costs nearly as much—sßo,ooo,ooo—
year to run the government of this city as to
administer that of the whole nation; sixth, tbat,
while $3,221,865 62 were paid for armory repairs,
etc., the actual expenditure was not more than
$202,483, in other words the ring stole on armory
accounts alone $3,029,402 62; seventh, tbat im
mense sums have been paid for services unper
formed to men unknown in the offices from which
they draw their salaries; eighth, that the Schuy
ler frauds, by which the bills of one contractor
were raised from $48,000 to $468,000, were com
mitted through the connivance of William M.
Tweed. ____________
THECA TTI^SHOn'S.
The F,a«t Week of the Henson.
This has been practically the last week of the
cattle-show season. The Westfield town show
and one or two others come later, but all the
principal ones are now over. The eastern Hamp
den fair at Palmer was more than an average
success on Tuesday, when the cattle were ex
hibited, but fell off on Wednesday, for who ever
knew horses to look well in a drizzling rain?
Besides, the regulations, this year, declared that
in the horse show speed was not to govern, and
the the horse trots were therefore more “purely
agricultural” than ever before. The address,
which was delivered by Prof Levi Stockbridge
on the first day, was a timely and forcible plea
for the planting of forests.
On Tuesday, also, occurred the town fair in
the hardy hill town of Cummington. There was
a large attendance, and as the Hillside society is
in efficient hands, the fair was a fine success.
The show of cattle was the best ever seen in that
section, np less than five town teams turning
out, with many stalwart oxen. The apple crop
is nearly a total failure, and the show oi fruit
was therefore small; but the hall was crowded
with specimens of ladies’ handiwork, and there
was an excellent exhibition of potatoes. The ad
dress was delivered by Richard Goodman of
Lenox, who spoke chiefly of the depopulation of
the hill towns of New England, and proposed as
a remedy or preventive, more systematic, more
thorough, and more Intelligent farming. Agii
culturai colleges, in general, and onr agricultural
colleges, in particular, were lauded. The far
mers didn’t swallow all tbat, but they will some
time— mos* of it. In comparing New England
with the West, he presented strong facts and
good reasons why Massachusetts farmers should
stay where tizey are, and be bappy.
The adjourned horse fair of the old Hampshire
society at Northampton on Wednesday was more
successful than could have been supposed, the
bad weather considered. The whole number of
entries was 8», a large part of them being mad*
bv Northampton m< n. Of thewe there were 20
of colts, 12 of breeding mares, 16 of gentlemen’*
driving horses, 24 of family hones, 12 of draft
horses, two of stallions, and one of town team*.
Among the colts, a twovear old iron-gray Nor
man, weighing 1150 pounds, and entered bv tb»-
state lunatic hospital, and a three-year-old Black
Hawk gelding, the property of Horatio Bisbee of
Chesterfield, justly attracted the most attention.
The display of family and driving hones was
very good. The trots were won bv “Lady Sheri
dan” of Waterbury, Ct., and “Billy” of Spring
field best time 2 39.
The young but vigorous society in the Deer
field valley held its first show, since it* incorpora
tion by the state, at Charlemont on Tuesday and
Wednesday with a large attendance. The show
of cattle was good and the cattle were bright and
-leek looking, though they would not compare
favorably in size and weight with the Shelburne
and Deerfiekl berds. In the hall the show of fancy
articles and of vegetables was very excellent.
Of potatoes there was an unusually fine assort
ment, and fine specimens of seedlings grown by
David Goodell of Rowe. The show of apples was
not large, but of pears there were quite a numtier
of entries, and many very fine plates. The ad
dress of Dr George B. Loring of Salem dwelt
upon the blessings of the tillers of the soil of
free America, where every man is a landowner,
as compared with the farmers of England, where
the whole land on which dwell 21.000,000 people,
is owned by 80,000 landowners. The speaker in
troduced, In the peculiarly pleasing manner for
which he is celebrated, wittv stories, illustrating 1
his theme and keeping his audience in good
humor.
PREMIUMS AWARDED AT PALMER.
Cattle —Town teams. Monson, Ludlow; herds,
M. Graves of Monson, H. M. Sessions of South Wil-
braham; Durhim bulls 2 years old, W. R. Sessions
of South Wilbraham, Darius Morgan of Belcher- I
t wn Durham bull". I year old, O. White Son of j
Monson, A. Norcross of Monson: Jersey bull,Orson
Parker of Wales; breeding cows. James Gamwell, L.
U. Snow’; milch cows, E. B. Gates, Alvan Hastings;
Devon heifers. 2 vears old, H. M. Se-sions of South
Wilbraham; Durham heifers, 2 years old, W. R. Ses
sions of Hbraham, A. C. Burleigh of Wilbraham;
Durham heifers, I year old, M. R. Sessions of Wil-'
braham; grade heifers, 2 years old, E. B. Gate*.
Charles Carpenter of Monson; grade heifers, 1 year
old, W. R. Sessions of ^Wilbraham, A. Norcross of
Monson; heifer calves, w. R. Sessions ui Wilbraham,
Charles Carpenter of Monson; fat cattle, pairs, Zeri
Whitney of Ludlow, Silas Billings of Ludlow; fat
steers, A. J. Northrop ot Monson; fat cows, W. R.
Sessions ot Wilbraham; fat heifers, H. A. Bridge of
Monson; oxen, 5 years old and over, A. J. Hooker of
Warren, E. R. Carpenter of Charlton; steers, 3 year*
old. Charles Carpenter of Monson, Sylvanus King;
steers, 2 years old, George E. W. M. Tucker of
Monson, a. Norcross of Monson; trained oatt’e, E.
K. Carpenter of Charlton, A. J. Hooker of Warren
working cattle, 4 year? old, A. J. Hooker of Warren,
E. R. UarpsnUr of Charlton.
Horses— Stallions, 4 years old and over. C. C. Or
cutt of Warren. J. W. Weeks: mares with sample of
progeny, A. J. Northrop of Monson; matched car
riage horses. E. N. Fay of Monson single carriage
horses, L. D. Shaw of Monson, L. E. Carter; pairs
us ariving horses, J. W. Weeks, A. IL Maxwell of
Monson; single driving horses, 1. S. Wood, C. W.
Hastings; farm horses (pairs), George Mose- W. W.
Moore of Monson; colts, 4 years old, E. N. Fay of
Monson. J. W. Weeks; 3 years old, Bussell Jenks of
Belchertown, A J. Northrup of Monson; 2years
old, A. <l. Northrup of Monson, Almon Bebee; 1 year
old, A. J. Northrup ot Monson.
Sheep— Best flocks, Cheney Allen, Russell Jenks of
Belchertown.
Sirin, —Sows with pigs, Charles Upham of Brim- j
field; litters ot pigs. Charles Carpenter of Monson.
Poultry— Turkeys, A. L. Haynes, E. K. Carpenter j
of Charlton: Brahmas, Reuben Carpenter or Shir- j
bridge; Dorkings, H.M. Sessions ot South Wilbra
ham; Leghorns, P. Holmes of Monson; Hamburgs,
G. E and W. M. Tucker of Monson; common fowls.
Charles Carpenter of Monson; geese and Guinea
hens. J. M. Stevens of Belchertown.
M scellaneous— Plowing with oxen, C. R. Carpen- i
ter of Charlton, Reuben Carpenter of Sturbridge;
plowing with horses, Alvin Hastings, G. E. and W.
M. Tucker of Monson: vegetables, A. H. Maxwell of
Monson, C. D. Lewis; apples, A. C. Burleigh of
Wilbraham, E. B Keep of Monson; pears, A. B.
Howard of Belchertown grapes, Charles Carpenb r
of Monson; hotter, M. Graves of Monson, Reuben
Stevens of Monson; cheese diaries Carpenter of
Monson, George E. Tucker of Monson: wheat bread.
Mrs J. P. Shaw, Mrs E. B. Keep of Monson; rye
bread, Mrs 11. Converse, Mrs E. B. Keep of Monson;
rye and Indian bread, Mrs J. A. Squiers, Mrs Rus
sel Jencks of Belchertown; cake, Mrs li. Converse,
Mrs Tiraah Fenton; wines, Mrs Reuben Stevens of
Monson, Mrs J. A. Squiers.
PREMIUMS AT CUMMINGTON.
Cattle.— Town teams, Cummington (16pairs), Plain
field (16). Chesterfield, Windsor; working oxen 4
years old, Samuel Knapp of Worthington, Ames
Bartlett of Worthington; 5 years old, Stephen Hay
ward, Jr., J. O. Gloyd of Plainfield; tat cattle, Hor
ace Culver of Chesterfield, L. J. Orcutt of Cumming
ton; steers 3 years old, L L. Brown Co., Russell
Tirrell of Plainfield; steers 2 years old. Albert Ford
of Windsor, Andrew Brewster of Cummington; thor- j
oughbred cows. L. J. Orcutt, Stephen Hayward, Jr.,
of Plainfield, I’. W. Canfield of Worthington;
grade cows, P. W. Canfield, L. J. Orcutt; thor
oughbred yearlings and calves, L. J. Orcutt, Stephen
Hayward. Jr.; bulls, L. J. Orcutt.
Horses— Carriage horses Luther Eldridge of Ash
field, Torry Brothers of Windsor; breeding mares,
John Eldridge ot Ashfield, Stephen Hayward of
Piaintield: colts, P. W. Canfield of Worthington,
J. W. Loud.
PREMIUMS AT NORTHAMPTON.
Horses.— Town teams, Northampton; stallions. A.
S. Atkins of Southampton, L. W. Clark; draft horses
(single,) L. A. Chase of Florence; pairs, J. B. Par,
sons, E. C. Clapp; f mily horses (pairs), EHsba-
Graves, E. IL Sawyer ot Easthampton; single. L. A.
Chase, John A. Warner of Hatfield; gentlemen’s
driving horses (pairs). L. S. Dy r of Hatfield, E. C
Bosworth: single H. F. Bosworth of Easthampton,.
E. Owen of Greenfield; bn eding mares with colts, A.
S. Bartlett, George Strong; three-years-old colts
(fillies), H. Bisbee of Chesterfield, E. Montigueof
South Hadley; two-years old colts state lunatic hos
pital. Allen Graves of Sunderland; yearling colts,
W. N. Moore of Florence, Allen Graves of Sunder
land.
PREMIUMS AT CHARLEMONT.
Cattle— Mixed herds (6 entries), Emmet Blodgett,
Isaac Stetson o? fieith; bst yoke of oxen over 5
vears old (11 entries) Chand^r a. Vincent. H^nry S.
Giles; 4 years old (7 entrie.-), J. H Sinead, E. M. Vin
cent of Heath; draft cattle (16 entries), E. J. Stock
well of Buckland, Sylvester Rice of Hawley; steers 3
years old (6 entries), Urbane Hears of Hawley, George
C. Gale; steers 2 years old (>2 entries), E. M. Vincent
of Heath, Edwin Scott of Hawley; yearlings (12 en
tries) E P. Williams of Ashfield, David Goodell of
Monroe: thoroughbred buds (2 entries), A. A. Rich
mord E R Goodnow; aradebullstS entries). D. I.
Smi'h of Coleraine, Walter Sears of Hawlev;
Dm ham cows (1 entry). Lowell S. Brown;
milch cows (13 entries), Hart Leavitt, William Hicks
ot Rowe; stock cows (13 entries), Myron Hawks
Charles Damon of Rowe: [two-years-o d heifers(l3
entries), E. M. Vincent of Heath, David Goodell of
Monroe; yearling heifers (13 entries). Lowell Brown,
R, E. Blodgett; best pair of calves (19 entries). Frank
legate R. E. Blodgett: bull calves. E. M. Vincent of
Hc^th; heifer calves, Lowell S. Brown, George C.
Gale.
Swine- 4" entries), boars, E. C. Hawkes, A. A.
Richmond; sow and pigs, J. T- Packard, A. A. Rich
mond.
Sheep— (2o entries)-Coarse wooled bucks. David
Goodell cf Monroe, Alfred Re*! of Rowe; coarse
woo ed ewes, David Goodell of Mdnroe, Samuel Ward
of Buck and; middle wooled ewee, J. 11. Sinead,
C inton 11. Dodge of Hawley middle wooled bu« ks.
E. C. Hawkes, A. K. White.
MONEY AND BUSINESS.
The principal topic in financial circles, this
week,—as, indeed, in every other—has been the
Chicago fire; and its effects on present values and the
prosperity x at-iou* cf busni. 1 and the whole
country, have been discussed in every possible light.
When the blow fell, there was a panic in the New
York stock board, as might be supposed, and the
greatest apprehensions were felt as to the results,
for every one thought very naturally that two or three
hundred millions of the wealth of the country could
not be wiped out in a day, without causing a serious
derangement of business. But, grave as the disaster
unquestionably is, we apprehend that it will not be
so seriously and generally felt as was at first sup
posed. The various mercantile interests at the East
are beginning to find out that their losses will not
prove as great as their fears estimated them, and they
ar»‘ fortunately stronger Rt tiie present time than
usual, and better able to bear them. Western rail
way and other securities are beginning to recover
from the decline ot 5 to 12 per cent, caused by the first
shock on the market; and although some of the Wall
street proph< t« think the full effect of the fire has not
been experienced, and are therefore urging Secretary
Boutwell to prevent a panic by the immediate pur
t base of ten millions oi bonds, the general opiuivu
i Rpems to be that the w< r*t Is past, fn preparing tor i
i the eoutlngenatM of rhkato be paid upon tlw tire,
the InasranreconipauleH wl I have to sell largely of
their •ecarlUM, and a* th«- n»oat availab e ot tiiew are
government bonds, It I* quite likely a lower range of I
1 prices will enau*. but W'lh the Idle capital releaned hy
I the decline In values, Inventor* will doubtless take,
advantage ot the tall to purcha«e heavily. Altogether
were a dlepOMd to tab 1 an mteonraging vi»-w of the
financial mlurv. The trite remark that “Cbin In
gr* at country" I* to be proved anew th< wonder
thl <sticity of our financial syatem. tn spite of its
Irnperfbctioni, is again to bed'monatrated.
There han been a ml deciln*. thin week, it the
livestock markets, la con e<|n»-iu» of an exceas of
s ock, mostly of poorer quality than Pr e a
Ml ofl half scent a ;>ound a’ New York, and there I
was the eme decline In the theep market. At j
Brightont ade hn> bwen tee* active than usual sad j
pri< ee have cnne down ‘<o to ),c. M< nt of the cat:le I
which vi ere landed at M a rto*n had to be d- iveo to I
Brighton to be dt»po*d of The trouble Is malnh
with ordinary ock. who-e beef finds in the Texan
cattk, at 4 to s’«n per lb 1 (weight,they we •■old I
la-t week, a -ha'p o rnp» titton. The fa 1 shed In
some pa»”* of New E ngland ha- th en parched by
drouth, an 1 thin« tne demand for etoca by the
farm. r*. who prefer to h-H their h.y at present pricee
to buving H'.’k to consume it on their farms, as mauy
have beeu In the habit of doing.
The affairs of the Indlanajiolis and Cincinnati rail- i
road are working into better condition, and with
their improvement the financial embarrassments of
Mr William Dwight ot Boston, who is the princi
pal owner of the stock, an i a large owner in the
bonds, become greatly relieved. The payment of in-!
terest on the bonds of the road will be resumed in
February, and its businesa, under improved manage- I
ment, is showing such profitable results a* promi-o i
an early real value to th»- slock, if Mr Dwight’s j
creditors continue lenient toward him, he will be able
to pay all hb debts, and have a large private fortune
left.
There is no reason why the retailers of beef should
not score up handsome profits, with their prices
scarcely varied from the figures of last fall, while they I
buy their supplies ?20 per ox cheaper, as the whole- I
salers testify and consumers complain. Flour has
advanced 50 cents a barrel in our retail market of
late, grades selling the other day at 99,5*1, now com-
manding *lO. Cheese has risen from 14 to 16c j>‘r i
pound, while quinces have dropped from $1,15 to sl, I
and onions from -7) t 025« per peck, and sweet po-1
tatoes from 4to Sc per pound. Apple? continue at j
former figure', with some fair specimens of western I
fruit; indeed the reported great scarcity of apples j
about the country is scarcely discernible in our I
Springfield markets.
When the Rutland railroad was leaded to the
Vermont Central, everything was said to be cleared
up, and the stock and bondholders wore assured of;
their regular dividends without abatement in the
future. But now there is an ugly rumor of a floating
debt of $300,000 not provided tor, and to meet which j
the assured dividends must needs be given up for i
greater or less time.
An unusual and unexpected stringency has arisen I
in the London money market; the Bank of England
has raised its rate of inure-t within a few weeks from
2to 5 per cent; while stocks of nearly all kinds have
greatly shrunken in market value. The “syndicate”
are consequently a little sick of their heavy invest
ment in our new 5 per cent Joan, which is just now
quoted at 2| per cent below par in the London mar- I
ket. The cause of the stringency and halt-panic i«
not very ch’ar, but a large drain of specie t i■
many on account of the French war payments is the
most plausible reason given.
The Imteat .11 ar het*.
STOCKS AND MONKT.
At Bolton, Boston and Albany 152, Boston and
Maine 148 J, Boston, Hartford and Erie, sevens, new
25L Eastern 1093. Eastern New Hampshire 104. Fitch- I
burg Ui. Old Colony and Newport 104, Ivorwich and
Worcester 117 L Cheshire 84^, Vermont and Canada
102, Vermont Central first mortgage bonds sevens i
86 1 2 Ggdt‘ii'burgana Like Champlain 88, Rutland
preferred 80, Philadelphia, Wilmington and Balti- i
more 51:, Indianapolis and Cincinnati 7^. Chicago,,
Burlington and Quincy 125, Union Pacific sixes 24,
land grant sevens 72, income tens 71. Laconia manu- j
factoring company 450, Amoskeag manufacturing
company 17u0 Pacific mills ISOO, Boston water pow< r
company 44, United States tiv*-twenties (18G2) IL>. I
(1864) 114^, (1865; 1155-i, (IS6s—new) 113’, (1867) 113'. j
.’1868) 113%, United States ten-forties 110^, United
States coupon sixes (1881) 116 L
At New York, American s.old 114 g, United Stat a
coupon sixes (1881) HSL United Stales five-twenrip®
(1862) 1142, (18€4) 114, (1866) 114 g, (1865—new) 112$,
(1867) 113. (1868) 113], United State ton-torties 109,
Pacific railroad currency sixes 111’, Central Pacific
sixes 101 g, Union Pacific 28’, sixes 86L laud
grant sevens 73, Income tens 71. New York Cen-j
traland Hudson River 88L scrip BQ, Ene 28, pm-!
ferred 60. Harlem 124, preferred 139, Reading h)^,
Hannibal and St Josephs 57. Milwaukee and St Paul
575£, Milwaukee and St Paul preferred 77Toledo, j
Wabash and Western 57.Toledo,Wabash and Western

Terre Haute preferred 50, Michigan Central 115,
Michigan Southern and Lake Shore 96J, Panama 55,
Illinois Central 133, New Jersey Central 106> 4
Cleveland and Pittsburg 1161, Chicago, Kock Island
and Pacific 99^, Chicago and Northwestern 61^.
Chicago and Northwestern preferred 87^, Chicago
and Alton 113, Chicago and Alton pre!erred 114, Pitts
burg, Fort Wayne and Chicago 98, Ohio and Missis
sippi 38f, Hartford and Erie 2, Columbus 85J, Indiana
Central 18, Chicago, Burlington and Quincy 125,
Adams express company 83, American Merchant?
Union 53, United States 51], Wells, Fargo Co 51. j
Western Union telegraph company 59^, Pacific Mail j
steamship company 471, Cumberland c< al company
preferred 42, Mariposa 1. Mariposa preferred 2. van
ton 72 1-5, Quicksilver 18, Boston water power com
pany 40.
domestic produce.
At Boston, flour firm, western superfine »5,70<t
6 25, common xtras 6,15^7.25, Milwaukee and Mm
nesotatextra* 7,255 8,50, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan
7,25^8.80, Illinois’?,soa9.so, 8t Louis 7,75 a 11. south
ern 7alo; corn meal si a 4 25; rye flour §5,50^6,51’;
corn unsettled, western yellow 9\a 5 1, western mix* d
92ja97c; oats higher, dark mixed and chmco white
extra 62c rye firm at #1: «horts 527^28, tine
feed 28fi.30, middlings 31.u33; barley SI«’LD: pork
firm, prime sll@l2, mess 14,50(a!5, ciear 16.0^18; beet
unchanged with sales at $10^16; lard tolie lor
-team and kettle rendered, and tor Al-
den’s caddv; smoked bams 12@15c; bogs 6S>« «c;
butter 28a32c:cheese lOalto; white beans
potatoes 50^650; eggs 28g30c; wool. Michigan. »hio
and Pennsylvania 60@70, western 59taj63c, delaine and
combing 6415.70 c, tub-wa-died 6615.6, pulled v>c.,
At Albany, flour 25c higher, common state $0,25
@5,75, extra state 6^t6,75 ,extra club wheat, trade
brands 7,50a8, amber state extras 7,70a8»^ Michi
gan and Ohio extras 8a 8 50. city brands, extra 9 a
9,25, Haxall and St Louis 9,25’5(8.50: rye flour firm
at :?5.57a5.50; corn meal $1,67^1 75 per cwt.: wheat.
No. 2 amber $1.65, No. 1 amber l.iO, No._2 white 1
1 ti2«a,72, No. 1 wnite 1.71 n1,"5. extra 1.75a1.ru;
rye lirm. western 97c, state #1: corn lusher, western
mixed 7»S80c; barley feverish withsalesat 89tt«,1,05;
oats 50a. r S; pork SUal'3o: libaiic: hams 18
dlS'c; smoki'd shoulders 9c: smoked beet l<c; mo;s
beef nominal: butter 27iheese, factory r J@
181 c, farmers’ ll®13c; eggs 29a30c: beans 52, 10
At Xew York, cotton was Ju moderate request at
19ic; flour less active, state S6^OS7JS. wwtern .us,
southern 7.25a9.a5; wheat dull, No. 2 spring Sl.^x:
1.58. winter red 1.CT®1,«3; coni lower, mixed .Sa
Sic; oatslirmerat -.SsaWc; pork turner at Sl3X':
lard firm at‘JJgleJc: whisky dull al w-c: rieeß«9r:
sugar dull, Cuba 9a -10 c; coflee W^l^aC: molass.-s
dull:spiritsiiirpeutine69s.7oe;petroleum unchanged;
tallow 8 a 9c.
SPRINGFIELD RETAIL MARKETS.
Flour $8 to $10; cracked wheat 8 V Indian
mpal boltod 3c, oat meal s]c; buckwheat
5.50; Graham 5o: corn 51.25 4 1,a> £bu.; rye Sl.lO
-51,15; oats 75c; rye flour 4c p fb; coni meal
^1,55^1.6U cwt. wheat f«*l. including middlings,
$2; rye feed 2g2.25. shorte 1,55(^180.
Beef.steaks, round 2*k. loin ^so corned beef ll
®lso, dried beef 25c, smoked beet 23c. mutton fore
carters 1210, hind quarters 15^17c. lamb, hind quar
ters 25c, tore 29e. veal cutie: 200. roiwt 20(cg25c;
poultry 2^330, sausages 30c. «alt pork 160. fw*h
17a20c. lard 18c. corned tongues 2(Xa2A3; hams De.
tripe 10c; drv cod 638 c. fresh cod 10c. steak 15c,
fresh halibut 20c, new smoked halibut 14c. haddock
7(o)8c salt mackerel 12@18c» per kit 51,60. smoked
salmon 15c. herring 2o each, perch 25c string. Nor
walk oysters BSo, lobsters 10c lb: round clams 6<k
p peck. lon« -Mams s'^C. open dams sOc Quart,
bass 25c. eels 15c, tongues and sounds l^c, salt 15c.
flounders 10c.
Butter 25<i05«. cheese 160, lard 12^^100 tb; eggs
35c dox: early rose potatoes 7cc P buj-hek sweet
potatoes 3c per pound; apples 25u Oc P peck;
nears $1,37 per peck; quinces «5?*1: grapes
s^lsc per pound; white beans 10c V quart; cab
baaes 6i£Bc per head: onions ^»c P®r peck:
shell beans 40c per peek; crackers loc per to,
lemon crackers 16c; tomatoes sigX>c per quart; Hub
bard squashes Sc per pound; Boston marrow squashes
2Wo per pound; parsnips 4c per pound cranberries
15c per qutrf; citron 55c; prunes 10^: 14c A to. rai
-Ins 170 th figs 18c; lemons ;<^4c apiece., p doien
30(§)35o: pepper- 45c per peck; jdcklee .»Ka«Oo^ga.-
l °Teaa lll black 75c®51.10. green 1,30. Japan
I.4oToot?ee, Java^ted4oo. roa-ted Bio 30c, new Joe
Maracaibo Ssc sugars from b, to 8; pound® toi
<OO n>; ro'io Koo W.OI^ F
gallon 70. Sew Ori»n» SI: ,7"s h '”7
per lb.: Hoe li>.«;llo;olunamon l^ Fquarter, olovw
12c pepper 120, Ulsploe 12c, ginter 13e. mustard ®c
Caventi. i>o, autmeas Ho. cream Urtar 15c, soda 10c
(b, «al«ratu» 10 «,12c. corn w
Coal at the yards. Lehigh, liarletcn SI Imcka
wanna, Pittston, Soranton, Pine Forest $lO, iu
ooai »8 Lyken. Valley *10,50, bltnmlnr.ua VSJXh
oliarooal ‘BXo V huabel; wood, hard *l9. «oft Si;
kerowa. otl 3»o gallon «,nd IVoAk; Us
Hay If toa, baled ha. 25. atraw 23.
him MaßKim..
▲t Ar»oAtzm, r'‘cHpH 4266 cattle. T J 2 Ju’ep and
lambs, 13,600 Um-; extra lw«‘ve« p*TCWt.,
first quality 6<^»1.25, •ccond 5 25«/i.75, third <.7’ ^5;
Brighton hid** 80,84 c; Brighton tallow ba coun
try hides 7iaßc, country tallow calf skin*
16al8c; ahwp •kins Si/Au 1,75; lamb skins
1.75; store cattle—yearling* sßa. 12 per head, two
year--o’ds 12a28, tnr* y*ai»-ol<L "A «43; working
ox<»n f llOakOO milch cow* f3oafiO sheep and lambs
$i 50kt5 per bead, or 3u^7ic per pound, eartera lamb*
•3,25 «3,w; itwino 4c&sc at wholesale and s«£7c at
retail.
At A'^ny, for tb«‘ w^k ending the 7th. re
ceipts 6358 cattle, 2fi,800 sheep and lamb*. 31,800
swhm*; prices of market beat: premium *6,7 ><6 47,
extra ^(6M, Brat quality 5,2&W -.75.'■♦ •nnd quality
4.75^1)5.25 third quality 4^4,75, inferior
sheep 4K4*>c: lambs s‘^7jc.
Special Xatices.
flair f>ye.—-Cristadoro'a Excelsior Lbpiid Hair
Dy*-. It ts new acaao>%led.-ed by all It h«a neither
superior nor equal. It stand- alone and unaoproach
able above the boat of Imitations put *orih in the
marker, to well dn-^rvrd and increoinr nopn’vltv
ha, a<tonisbed he of a’l th^ old a* d worn out
dy»» maker 4 tn ("ri-tendon. Sold everywhere Man
ufactory O Maiden lan”. N Y. 013 codeowlm
Dmaitf* Incident la Femalen.-Dr Dow
after an expel ieno? of t wenty elglu years, “tandf at the
head of all physicians making such practice a special
ty, and fa enabled to guarantee a speecv and perma
nent cure in the most difficult caee® of Suppression
and other Menstrual Derangements. AH iertera for
advice must contain 81. Office, No. 9 Endicott street,
Boston. For those desiring to remain under treat
ment, Board to furnished aul dawly
Every lonng Mau should procure a copy Of
the medical work enritkd The iscienc* of Life, or
Self--’reservation,’ published fry the famou;* ‘Peabody
fnritute,” 80-ton. Tbw boox wl i t< a< h the young
how to avoid dangerous dLeaaes. and from ft the
middle-ag< <1 and tbo-e mon- advanced in iife may at
tain to a restoration o F a prostrated «>y»tem to active
health. It is the re-uit o' d-e^ stady and most ex
tensive mni'cal practice, and may ’e reled upon.
The extremely va uable and intere-ring book entitled
"Sexual Physiology rs Woman a- d her Diseases is
aisopublished by me Institute. on't fa'! '.oread the
adv. r Dement of the Peabody Medical Institute, tn an
other column o!3 lw
New S-bDcrtienncnts.
SARATOGA WATER CORE.-A rood
Christian home for visitors and invalid.-: "expe
rienced medical advic address N. and B. T. BE
DOMTHA. for circular, Saratoga bpri g-. New
York 013 4w
Homes in the west.—a model
CoLuN Y.—Persons wh »think of emigrarirg to
th 3 Weet, and who wish to unite with a colony which
will secure to them iu the shorter pos.-ib e time, the
advantage* of rood society, churches, s hoois. etc.,
and at the same tim^ rapialy enhance th* 3 value of
their properly, are invited to s*nd their address en
10-*’ng Hiamp fo r return postage to MiLLkR. HUM
IST->C» Co, Tok do, Obi*. o!3 2w
DOYS WANTED.— I want one honest, relia-
O b e boy in each city and towa throughout the
Un’os. lime required only one hour two f r three
times a week. Busine-s p easaut and honorable, pay
large in cash, and a preeent besides Recommenda
tion required; 1 from Sabbath S«-boo. Su .♦•rinvnd^nt
or teacher wi.l have preference, apply at cnee for
particulars. J. j.' WIISHN.
o'3 Iw 89 White street, New York
TAE’ I HABLE REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
LI IN NORTH AMHEBaT.—A House, two storte.
9 rooms recently built, perfect repair; Barn with
cedar under it; near hurch. school- and post office;
5 rod? front, over 1 acre of land apples pearlies and
g-ape*. Abo another Jut if deaired, adjoining, same
ize, with tew barn upon it. For term?, apr>iy to
Reul Estate ‘•nd Cem. Agency of J. S. St t. ADAMS,
Ani!:er.-t. Mie*. 013 w
AGENTS WANTED FOR
ROMAXISHASITIS.
This Book, of 750 pages. 105 engravings, is an
exhaustive standard work of the highe-r authority,
eminently adap’ed to the times. It fully uncovers
the whole Kootoh system, exposes its ba-ete- pre
lenses, its frauds, its persecution?, its gross immorali
ties, its opposition to our public schools, and civil and
rel'gioua liberty. CONN. PUBLISHING CO.,
HARTFORD. CONN. oIS 4w
GENTS WANTED for the best money
making book issued fine© the war. Sella at
sight. YORK abd its INSTITUTIONS-An
illustrated .ibrary of information, pertaining to the
bright siue ot the Great Metropolis. By Rev J. F.
Richmond, five years city mi sionary. It is not a
•hashed up” book, in which the si*>h:-and secre's
are "rhown up" by daylight and by sras- ifht, in sun
shine and shadow, but a book of solid historical facts
atd incident*: thrilling, without oeiii2 s«u-ationai:
not fic-itious vet stranger than sic iou. A book of
absorbing in rest to it e reeiden and to tho e who
havr* visited the Oty, as well as to those who can only
read of it. its -.00 superb engraving-, produced at a
cost es SIO,OOO, mak-i it ibe most attractive and beet
tiling took in the field. Send stamp for circulars.
E. tLTREAT. Publisher.
OH2w SOo Broadway, N Y,
Commonwealth of massachv-
SETTS.—Hami’Dsx. ss PROBATE COURT.—
To all persons in.eres'ed in the e?ta-.e of Freegrace
Norton, late of B anaford. in said county, deceased.
greet’Dg: A
Whereas, George C. Gibbe and Earn P Norton,
the executors of the ill cf said d^ceaed. have pre
sented for allowance the second and final account of
their admitistratkn upon the estate of raid de
ceased
You are hereby cited to appear at a prorate cour.
to be holden at’Spnngneld in said county on the
first Tuesday of November next, at 9 o clock in
the forenoon, to show cause, if any you have, why
the same should not be allowed.
And said executors a*e ordered to serve this cita
tion by publishing the same once a wptk. in The
Weekly Republican, a newspaper printed at Spring
field, three weeks successively, the last publication
to be t wo days at least before said court.
Witness. WILLIAM 8. SHURIt LbF. Esquire,
Jud e of said Court, thia 9tb day of O tober, In
tne'y^ar one thousand tight hundred and seventy
013 3w SAMUEL B. SPCM >N ER. Register.
1 UMBERMEN PLEASE READ.-FOB
AJ >ALE—A large lot of very in e limber Lana
situated in Nebo iand Sullivan. N. H- a large per
ron of it ss than one mile from the s iw-miU. Also
my Home Fann situated one mile from East SuLi
van. and eight from Keene. On this place is a
house with two tenement-. Wat r comes to each,
also to the barn. Two good barns and outbuLdipgs
ratiioieut for tho purpose of the farm and lumber
busine s. The mill (with circular saws', located
near the house, has b en running only tour years, and
is in good running order. Connected wi:h the mia is
a ’arae shop which used to be a tub ti tors’• how u^d
only for the manufacture of hoe handle-. This shop
is suitable for putting in machinery for clothespins,
or other wccden ware cne might choose to make.
I'here is sufficient mowing land c. nnect dwithtne
tarm to keep all the teams necessary for lumbering
and two or three cows Also a good supply of pas
turing. To anv one wishing to engage m the lumber
budnesF. with all the apfl’anws for flows s large and
profitable bu-inese. this is a ran 1 ch.nre. as the
ro;>er:y wi l be sold very low. with easy terms of
oaVßient. A portion of the pay would be taken tn
other propertv if desired. Kor inn’s. particulars
address HEXKT M OSGOOD. East Millivan. N. H.
DUBCHASER WANTED-For on.’of the
1 I nicest and bs.t located country residences in Se»
1 Hamnshire, situated ten miles from the Connect-cut
River. IS. mile from a smart and thrivingmannfw-
I 'urine vi.lsseeenta’niog four churches, public school,
I ihrarv. etc., and with apopu’atlos at present of abOB«
aud growing rapidly. There is also tn be a raU
road open for travel by the first ot .xovember next,
which Wi l giettly faci'itate and increase the growing
internet of the town. This estate n n aius 150 acres oi
good land situated upon the bank* of a malt stream,
about 100 rod, loom saw a d grist mill, district Mbool,
etc and is we 1 acapted to the growing ot nearly all
kin' of pr duce, abou' 15 acres ot which is full)
eoualto tue Connecticut river val'ey for the pwiog
m wbacco Aso a eUy M with "x,. Hem facilities
for making trick and ready market for the same_
Tsers are about 30 acres of woodland, consisting of
man e, t ircb. beach. emloek and -p nee, with some
nine and fl-. Hwve u a”oiit S" ton, of good hay
upon an a-. r,g and ba* good past urine There are
ah» a law number ot fruit Ue just coming to
bearirg. of J fl’rent varieties, sn<i a sugar orchard
eonswtingo’ about 300 tree-, with sujar house and
other conveuiei co requisite lor uiaMng sugar Int
banding con Ist of good bri k hou?<- with LA
feet ana piaua 42 feet long, wood shed, ca r age
house, work snop, bog hou«e. «=’c i’h two large
barn-, oie the other 50x3
44xi0 a d -bed 22 feet long, all in com! table repair
and well supbed with routing water U;-h .ion* Md
barns, trom sp'ings that never t.il. hl r
wale at a putaio. toge h r with sG vk. treps seo au
the farm tools if desired. nd most N' -e i.c^ »«ount
ot iibhealth if the owner, rrjee *>r barm Kt.
^'Ktodown the rest van remain on more gage it de
dreu Ad tress X J. SMITH, BOX hewpOTt^
New Hamp hire.
5