Lu eiHurustti ^axlg Sjjg
ITBMIIIF.D EVERY MORNING,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
t 99 per year, If paid strictly In advance.
Otherwl»e, 75 Cent* per Month.
(The ^tassac^nsetts
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At 9Q per Annum.
J I>. BALDWIN A <’O., Proprietors
NO. 414 MAIN STREET.
Wart ester gaily Spn.
CITY NEWS.
Among the articles found by the police yester
day was a lady's sash.
A small shed at Wood square, on Suffolk
street, burned ar about ten o’clock, Monday
evening. The loss was trifling.
Henry A. F. Hoyt was, last evening, elected
worthy chief marshal of Worcester Temple of
Honor.
The Ames plow company's works at Court
Mills, are idle, this week, while the proprietors
are taking an account oi stock.
Howard Holden, who has for several years
been located at 147 Main street, has removed
his flour store to No. 8 Lincoln square.
Mr. and Mrs. Mooer will close their present
term this afternoon, at Lincoln hall, tn which
they invite their former pupils.
The collection taken at St. John’s church on
Temple street, Christmas day, for the bishop,
was a little over $1,600.
Christmas purchasers didn’t exhaust Fair
banks Pipei’s beautiful stock of gifts. Those
who prefer New Year's day for expressions of
friendship cannot go to a better place than their
store to select.
The opening Lail of the scries of six, to be
given by the State Guard, in the new armory,
will take place on the evening of January sth,
with music by Brown Reeves’ famous orclies'
tra, from Providence.
That series of parties, the closing one of which
took place at Horticultural last evening, lias
been, without doubt, the scries of the winter for
genuine enjoyment; a strong pressure will be
brought to bear upon the managers to go on
with another course.
The members of Post 10 celebrated Christmas
by a social assembly at Horticultural hall in the
evening. Col. J. A. Titus presided, and made
an appropriate speech. Mr. Geo. F. Gale fur
nished mus cal novelties, and other members of
the post assisted in entertaining the audience
until it was time to begin dancing.
APi evidence paper says: “W. H. Ayer, cap
tain ol the police, has received as a Christmas
present fiom a captain of the Worcester police,
a police uniform complete—with badge, club
and belt—in miniature In Providence they
li ive but one police captain, and he ranks next
to the chief.
At a regular meeting of Damascus lodge, No.
50, Knights of Pythias, held last evening, the
following were elected officers for the ensuing
term: W. C., Wm. L. Robinson; V. C Edwin
A. Warren; It. S., 11. Glazier; F. S., 11. H.Lam
son; 13., Wm. S. HHlmau; G., C. G. Green; 1.
S., T. IL Dewey; 0. S J. II Wright.
At the meeting of Quinsigamond lodge ot
Od 1 Fellows, Monday evening, the elective offi
cers were filled as follows: Noble Grand, G. E.
Kirby; Vice Grand, J. A. Smith; Secretary, II
A. Allen; and Treasurer, Avery Davis. The ap
pointed officers will be announced next Monday
owning, when the installation will rake place.
Notwithstanding the weather, the ladies of
Grace M. F.. church were so liberally patronized
at their entertainment last owning, that, by re
quest, they will repeat it on Thursday evening.
The old folks’ concert will be the leading feature,
and cannot fail to plea-c all who attend, as there
will be quite a number of pieces not on the pro
gramme of last evening.
The preparations for the presentation of the
play of the “Drummer Boy” on the Ist of Jan
uary, are of a character to insine greater success
even than last winter. The members of the
Grand Army will, as before, assume the work
of actors—some of them who will enact the
scene at Andersonville, were actual prisoners
there—one ol them the sole survivor of a com
pany of nine who were taken at one time
The gossip which has it that Deputy Sheriff
J. B Sibley will be city marshal, and that State
Constable E. J. Russell will resign his present
office and take the appointment of deputy sher
iff, seems to meet with a satisfactory reception,
whatever the foundation rests upon. The state
constable's office made vacant by the arrange
ment will undoubtedly be filled by a trusty pub
lic servant, whose efficiency has been proved by
experience.
The “Frear Stone,” it is claimed, withstood
the fire in Chicago more successfully than any
other building material used theie. This is set
forth with satisfactory vouchers, in a com
munication printed on the inside of this paper.
If the claim is well founded, (and we have no
reason to doubt it,) the tact it presents deserves
attention. Other peculiarities of the “Frear
Slone,” decmc "“’nable, are described in the
communication to which we refer. We com
mend ii to the attention of our readers.
The preparations for the City Guards ball on
Friday evening, indicate an attendance which
will fill Mechanics hall; lor, aside from the call
for floor tickets, the gallery seats are in good de
mand. The music is of a chai acter for excel
lence which should be taken into consideration
in speaking of the ball, for it includes the Amer
ican brass band and Brown Reeves’ orches
tra, both of Providence, with solos by M. Ar
buckle of Boston. The supper will be prepared
in Washburn hall by Mr. George Tower, and
everything will be arranged on a liberal scale.
The pictoiinland musical entertainment en
titled Erin and the Brennans, which occupied
Mechanic# ball Saturday and Monday nights is
the best of the kind that has visited the city. The
tableaux are beautiful, and are described inei
denk’lly in the dialogue, while a succession of
efforts to please keep the audience amused to
the end. Mrs. Brennan possesses an attractive
person and n rich soprano voice, and sings Dish
melodies such as Cathleen Mavourneen with
rich pathos. Dublin Dan danced, rollicked and
sang with refinement and good taste, more like a
real than a stage Irishman. The fop was amus
ing. A real Irish piper enlivened Limerick races
with jigs on his bag-pipes. Mr. and Mrs. Bren
nan were very funny in their medley duet, the
rival ballad-singers. Siturday being stormy
and Monday Christmas, made poor houses de
spite the worthy object—aid to the Sisters of
Mercy.
City Mortality—The number of deaths in
Worcester during the week ending Dec. 28, was
28, including' 8 premature; 15 males and 18
females. Four died of dipthem, three of con
sumption, old age 4, lung fever 2, scarlet fever
2, and one each of pneumonia, fits,cancer, heart
disease, canker rash, teething and gravel. The
three oldest were 88, 78, 72; 18 were under five
years old and twelve under one year. Twenty
one were of foreign parentage.
Installation Services.— Fne Rev. George
Whitefield Phillips will be installed to-morrow
as minister and pastor of Plymouth church in
this city, at Mechanics hall, where the society
now holds its meetings. The council will meet
at ten o clock in the forenoon, and public in
stallation services will begin at two in the aftei
noon. Rw. E. B. Webb, D. 1)., will preach the
sermon, and Prof..J. 11. Seelye will deliver the
address to the people; the other parts in the ex
ercises will be taken by Rw. Messrs. Geo. H.
Gouki, E. Cutler, D. I)., B, M. Fullerton, C. M.
Lamson andC. W. Allen. The hymn to be first
sung is written for the occasion.
Christmas Presents.—City Marshal Dren
nau was well remembered on the evening of
Christmas day by about fifty of his friends,who
quietly gathered at his house while he was down
treet and surprised him on his return home by
ne gift of several valuable articles, among
rhich was a cosily French clock and a silver ce
Ucher, goblets, etc ,to match. The presenta
n was mad in a speech by Capt. E. J. Rus
who happily alluded to the esteem in which
r Drennan is held, both personally and of
v. Mrs. D., although an accomplice in jbe
pparly to her husband, whose birthday it
sjXs equally astonished and delighted with
hkdugifts brought. A handsome volume
The v&uu elegant mirror were given by
coses, for d^ot apprised of the affair in
on account ofhe purchase of the articles
a highway in PIV
u the friends of Drs. Bemis
iu\ lunatic hospital; was
Worcester Bl Hailn Spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 305.
made the occasion for presenting those gentle
men with testimonials of esteem—the former an
elegant silver set and the latter a cane. Judge
Chapin made the presentation speech. The in-
mates of the hospital were remembered with
gifts arranged on Christmas trees.
MunicipalCourt.—The following list shows
the business accomplished by Judge Williams'
session yesterday morning: Michael Judge, for
larceny, fined $lO and costs, committed; James
Moran, disturbing peace, fined $lO and costs,
appealed; Hannah Faivey, malicious mischief,
fined $5 and costs, paid, Thomas McGinness,
assault and batterv, case continued; Jacob
Gavlord, assault and battery, fined $5 and costs,
committed; John 11. Hetsions, drunk, second
offence, three months in house of correction,
appealed; Frank Kelley, drunkenness, fined $5
and costs, committed; Patrick Doran, drunken
ness, fined $3 and costs, paid; Patrick Connor,
Michael Conroy, William Clements and Lucius
Webster cadi paid $2 and costs for drunken
ness; Jolin Smith, Jacob Gaylord, Michael
Judge, Thomas O’Niel and Mary Moran were
each fined $2 and "costs lor drunkenness, but
were committed to jail on non-payment.
Superior(Civil Court)—Bacon, J.—Tues
<hn/, December 2d.—ln the case of Daniel Weir
vs. Rufus E. Warren, to recover the balance of
an account for labor on a farm in Grafton, the
jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for
$55.85. Holbrook for the plaintiff; Verry for
the defendant.
No. 978, John C. O'Neil vs. Leonard S.
Whecloch of Westboro, to recover the balance
due on a promissory note. A verdict was return
ed for the plain till' bv order of the court. Rice
Blackmcr for the plaintiff; Gaskill for the de
fendant.
No. 979, Amory Carter vs. Joseph Chamber
in. An action on an account. The court said
the defendant must amend his pleadings and the
case he submitted to an auditor. Holbrook for
the plaintiff; Rice Blackmcr for the defend
ant.
Next in order: Nos. 1069, 1081, 1084, 1087,
1103, 1107, 1127, 1128, 1135,1180.
Christmas with the Germans means
pleasure lor whole families, and a day of relaxa
tion from business and care. The singing so
ciety (Frohsinn) had its first character perform
ance in the new hall Monday, in connection with
a concert of vocal music, and piano accompani
ment by Harry Marshall. One of the pieces
which attracted most attention and was heartily
applauded was Shubert’s “Wanderer,” a rich
bass solo, finely sung by Mr. Paul Bauer. The
choruses were all well rendered; but one in
particular—Danube waltz—stirred the company
with enthusiasm.
At Turner hall a Christmas tree for the chil
dren flourished and bore Christmas fruit in abun
dance. Some time was also spent in laughing at
a pantomime, and dancing.
Christmas Among the I. O. G. T/s at
South Worcester.—By invitation of Moses
P. Stearns, Esq., the members ol Safeguard
lodge, I. O. G. T., assembled at his residence on
Christmas night, where a beautiful Christmas
tree was found loaded with presents for the
members and their friends, prepared under the
the direction of a committee of the lodge. After
old and young were liberally supplied with pres
ents, the company were called to Older by Mr.
John G. Sanford, who, in a few remarks, pre
sented to Safeguard lodge an elegant and costly
Bible, the gift of the honored and respected
brother, Samuel Austin, Esq., chaplain of the
lodge. After a few remarks by the worthy chief
templar, the company sat down to a collation
prepared by tire ladies connected with the lodge,
after which a vote of thanks was passed to Mr.
and Mrs. Stearns for their interest in the wel
fare of the lodge.
Keepers of the Jail and House of Cor
rection.—Rufus Carter, Esq., who vacates his
position as jailor anil keeper of the house of
correction i i ibis city, on the first of January
next, has held the place, which he has filled
with fidelitv and universal acceptance, for the
lonn term of twenty-two years and four months,
through the administration of five different
sheriffs, beginning on the first of September,
1819, under Col. John W. Lincoln, by whom
he was first appointed. Mr. Carter began
his first connection with the institution
more than thirty years ago, in 1840, as
turnkey for the late Asa Matthews, who preced
ed him as keeper. Mr. Carter has held the posi
tion of jailor longer than any ol his predeces
sors, unless we except Deacon Nathan Heard
(father of Gen. Nathan Heaid), who kept the
old stone jail and jail tavern, then located on
the south side of Lincoln square, from about
1788 oi 1790 till 1812 Gen Heard, (who is the
only survivor of Mr. Carter's predecessors,) fol
lowed his father as jailor, from 1812 to 1822,
when Harmon Chamberlin, (father of Henry H.
f'aambcrlin, Esq.,) had the place for two years,
after which Asahel Bellows was jailor from
1824 rill 1835, when the jail was transferred from
Lincoln square to the house of correction on
Summer street, since which time the same
keeper has presided over both institutions. The
house of correction was built in 1819 under the
direction of Gen. Heard, then jailor, and Capt.
John F. Clark, who had been his
turnkey at the jail, was put in first
keeper of the house of correction, and held the
place for eighteen years, from 1819 till 1837, and,
also, the office of jailor for the last two years of
that time. The Summer street building has
been several times enlarged at various periods
since it was first built, to accommodate the
growing wants of both institutions; and ere
long it will probably give way to a much larger
edifice and more ample grounds elsewhere.
There are now 91 inmates in the house of cor
rection and 22 prisoners in the jail, as many as
the present building can accommodate. Mr.
Hair, the new jailor, is very competent, and he
will undoubtedly dDfliarge the duties of the po
sition so acceptably as to give general satis
faction.
Christmas at Some of the Churches.
The ynriuus churches in the city, with a few
exceptions, looked to the happiness of the chil
dren of their several congregations by Christ
mas tree parties in the vestries. The Catholic
and Episcopal churches of course had the cus
tomary services during the day, and gathered
their congregations within the beautifully
trimmed houses of worship to hear delightful
music mid religious exercises of special jmpies
sivencss fitting the day. Some of the churches
postponed the Cb list mas tree until last evening,
as will be seen by one or two of the instances
given.
The Sunday school of the Church of the Unity
held their annual Christmas festival at the Unity
rooms on Foster street last evening. The little
folks were out in great numbers, and reinforced
by “children ot older growth,” had a very
merry evening with games, music and dancing.
The Christmas tree, which was placed in Natu
ral History ball, presented a dazzling spectacle
until stripped of its gay ornaments, confection
ery and knlckmacKS, all of which were dis
tributed among the children. The valuable
presents were all placed at the foot of the tree,
each child contributing something, all useful
articles, which are to form a substantial Christ'
mas gift to a school ot poor colored children in
Washington.
The Sabbath school connected with the First
Baptist church held its annual Christmas festi
val in their vestry, Monday evening The room
had been very tastefully decorated during the
day by the young ladies, and when lit up in the
evening presented a very duwrful and inviting
appearance. In the centre stood the t'brUtnjas
tree, loaded down with presents for old ami
young. From (bis in every direction extended
graceful festoonsol eyergreen, set otf by beauti
ful wreaths, crosses and bouquets of flowers.
The festivities of the evening began at 61 o’clock,
with the consumption of a bountiful supper,
provided by the ladies of the church, «nd served
from one of the large ante-rooms of the vestry.
When supper had been eaten, and the quality of
I tbp coffee and tea praised; the company; now
numbering about 600, listened to an excellent
literary entertainment brought out under
the direction of the assistant superintendent,
Mr. J. Q. Adams, and consisting of addresses,
recitations, declamations and songs. An inter
esting feature in this part of the entertainment
was the fine rendering of two beautiful selec
tions from the “Arion,” by a quartette of male
voices, consisting of Messrs. H. A. Wheeler, C.
C. Luther, S. Warren and C. Stowell. Follow
ing this part of the programme came what was
most pleasing to the little folks, the distribution
of the Christmas presents, as the wise fore
thought of the superintendent and teachers had
provided for the giving ol some present to every
child connected with the school.
The Christmas trees were also lit up on Mon
day evening at rhe Old South, Trinity, Grace,
Christ's, Mission chapel, and several others.
St. Paul’s Sunday school had its Christmas
tree festival and supper last night in Mechanice
hall, where each class had its own tree; and as
there were eighteen classes the hall presented a
rustic and lively appearance, the platform re
sembling a young grove. The school required
the entire lower floor for eating, singing, and
general enjoyment, and visitors were admitted
to the galleries only. The scholars marched
into the hall at 74 o’clock precisely, and had an
evening of hearty enjoyment before .they leit.
it was a joy to the older ones in the galleries to
hear the glad shouts of the children as the par
ticular gift of each was banded down from the
trees. ________________
COUNTY NEWS.
Rev. P.Cuddihy of Milford has returned home
in improved health, after five months’ sojourn
in Ireland.
Thomas Doyle, an old man residing in Har
vard, was found dead a few days ago, under sus
picious circumstances, and his son-in-law, John
Griffin, has been arrested for murder.
Exercises commemorative of Christmas were
held in the Church of the Reconciliation, in
Webster, Rev. Dr. Brooks rector, at ten and a
half a. m. and four p. m., on Christmas day.
At the latter hour the exercises were engaged in
by the Sabbath school, with an appropriate ad
dress by the pastor, showing the origin of the
name of Christmas. The singing of Christmas
carols, participated in by the children, was very
excellent The Christmas tree, laden with
presents, was there in its attractiveness, while
the interior of the church itself was profusely
lri mined with evergreen, making it exceedingly
attractive, fully establishing their previous rep
utation tor the excellence of their decorations on
every public celebration of theirs, and fully
equal to many of the larger churches in the
city.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGBAPH
TO TUB WUKCESTEK BAIL, IP,
FROM EUROPE.
France.
THE SITUATION.
Paris, Dec. 25—The members of the right
centre in the national assembly- having made
overtures to the legitimists for a coalition, the
latter in reply say they will surely coalesce, but
at the same time they will reserve their inde
pendence. They also announce their disap^
proval of the Orleanist princes as leaders.
SPEECH BY THIERS.
President Thiers delivered a powerful speech
in the assembly to-day, in opposition to an in
come tax.
HOSTAGE SEIZED.
The Germans seized a prominent citizen of
the town of Roves, in the department of the Ar
dennes, because of a quarrel between the Bava
rian troops and the French people. It is an
nounced that the Germans arc making a census
of the private fortunes of the wealthier citizens
of the invaded departments.
Great Rritaiu.
THE ALABAMA CLAIMS.
London, Dec. 26 —The English case submit
ted to the Geneva conference contains ten di
visions.
First is the statement of what the British
government conceives is referred to the arbi
trators.
Second is the narrative of the chief events of
the American civil war pertinent to the issues
under arbitration, and the course pursued bv
the government of Great Britain.
Third is the exposition of certain general
propositions of international law governing the
conduct of neutrals, the power possessed bv the
British executive at the time to enforce these
propositions or rules, and the means employed
at the request oi the United States.
Fouith is the statement of the general con
siderations to be kept in view while examin
ing what was actually asked by the United
States and done by the British government re
specting the four chief cruisers.
The tilth gives the leading facts about the
Florida; the sixth deals with the Alabama; the
seventh with the Georgia; the eighth with the
Shenandoah; the ninth recapitulates, and the
tenth is a summary ol international practice in
neutrality.
In Respect to belligerent recognition little or
nothing is said, except to compare dates of its
issue with dates of certain acts by the United
States and confederate governments. Touching
the four chief cruisers, the British case denies
that two of them were specially adapted in whole
or in part within Briiish waters to warlike use,
and asserts that they are therefore not within
these rules, and denies that the British govern
ment or Mr. Adams had reasonable ground to
believe they intended to cruise or commit hostil
ities. No warning in respect to them was ever
given. Both were formerly merchant vessels,
and left the British waters as such. As to the
two others, they were suitable vessels for war
like use, but in respect to neither can the Brit
ish executive be justly charged with that negli
gence from which flows the duty of pecuniary
recompense.
In the case of the Alabama, the evidence dis
closing her real character was furnished by Mr.
Adams in diiplets, and orders were finally given
for hei detention, within four or five days after
the last piece of testimony was submitted, and
belorc orders against her could reach Liverpool
she fraudulently escaped to sea. The British
case is throughout amicable and ealm, mani
festing a desire to submit in good faith every
thing to the decision of the tribunal, but finally
protesting that Great Britain ought not to be
found guilty of international negligence, oi any
unneutral acts dune to either belligerent.
Npuili,
THE CORTES.
Madrid, Dec. 25. -The meeting of the cones
is postponed until the 20th of January.
CUBA.
Admiral Topete, minister of the colonies, has
announced bis intention of maxing a reform in
the volunteer organizatjem in Havana. Rein
forcements continue to go forward to Cuba to
aid in suppressing the insurrection in that isl
and.
Rawia.
CONSCRIPTION.
St. Petersburg, Dee. 20.-An imperial de
cree has been issued fixing the conscription for
the Russian’army, for 1872, at six men in every
thousand.
Fire Record.
AT HUDSON, N. Y.—LOSS SBOOO.
Hudson, Dec. 26.—The machine shun of the
Boston and Albany railroad was burned yester
day. Loss SBOOO.
AT SAUNA, KB.—LOSS $60,000.
Salina, Dee. 26.—Twelve buildings were
burned yesterday, including one livery stable, a
harness store, one drug store, two groceries, one
hardware store, two saloons ami billiard rooms,
Wells, Fargo Co.'s express office, and Geis
Co.'s bank. Loss from $60,000 to $75,000; in
surance small.
AT KNIGHTOWN, IND.—LOSS NOT STATED.
Kniohtown, Dec. 26.—The soldiers’ home was
burned this morning. The inmates were trans
ferred to Dayton, Ohio.
AT NEW UTRICH, N. Y.—LOSS NOT STATED.
New York, Dec. 26. —The new school house
at New Utrecht, Rings county, was burned this
evening.
AT PORTLAND, ME—LOSS S7OOO.
Portland, Dec. 26.—The drug store of Henry
0, Moses, Brighton Centre, was destroyed by
lire Sunday morning. Loss S7OOO to $9000; in
sured.
AT MACON, GA. —LOSS $60,000.
Macon, Dec.26.—During a pyroiechnical dis*
play, kvt pjght, a fire ball was thrown into a
store on Cherry Urcpt, which ignited a large
stork oi fin* works. The explosion w|ijch fol
lowed set fire to the building and burned out
four stores, Loss $60,000,
The W«Mth<Vf
Washington, Dec. 26.—The area of cold,
dealing weather, with northerly winds, will
probably move eastward Wednesday over the
lakt» and extend southward to Tennessee. The
area of cloudy and threatening weather will
pass northeastward oyer the middle mid gaiflqq
states: possibly light snow or rain to night j
pardiyly plopdy and mild weather, Wednesday,
in the gulf and south Atlantic states, with rain
ip ^lab’iipii find kQuisinga,
WORCESTER: WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 27, 1871.
From Washington.
SPECIAL DISPATCH TO THE WORCESTER BPY.|
Washington, D. C., Dee. 26.
REBION AT lON WIT HDRAW N.
Solicitor General Bristow to-day withdrew his
resignation, at the earnest request of the presi- I
dent.
APPOINTMENTS WANTED.
It is stated at the several departments that j
the pressure now being made for clerical ap- I
pointments under the government, is beyond I
all precedent. The reason alleged is fear on the j
part of applicants that they cannot pass exam-
inations under the new civil service regulations,
and desire to bo appointed before the latter go
Into effect.
BOWEN VS. DELARGE.
The facts which have been developed in the
Bowen-Dclarge contested election ease show a
sad state of demoralization all around. Do
large employed a Charleston lawyer, named
Butlz, to woik up his ease and present the same
to congress. Having no means of his own. De
large promised his attorney that he should have
his salary as member of congress, for his ser
vices.
The attorney spent about S6OO of his own
funds in hunting up the evidence,which Delarge
not only refused to pay, but a bill of SI6OO which
the attorney charged for services. On inquiry
of the sergeant-at-arms the attorney found that
Delarge had not only drawn all his pay as mem
ber of congress up to date, but also all inciden
tal allowances for mileage, etc. Butlz now puts
the evidence under lock and key, and intimates
that Bowen may take his seat for all that he will
do to prevent it, unless the money is forthcom
ing.
(To the Am»ociale<l Pres*.)
INVENTION.
Washington, Dec. 26.—The priority of in
vention was to-day awarded to B. F. Adams of
Springfield, Mass', for a glazing instrument.
A REPORT CONTRADICTED.
Positive denial is given to the report that a
Spanish nian-ot-war tired u blank caitridge at
the steamer Florida, when she was leaving St.
Thomas.
THE DRUMMER OF SHILOH.
John L. Clem, drummer boy of Shiloh, called
at the White house, tins morning, to tender his
thanks to the president lor the appointment to
a second lieutenancy in the twenty-fourth in
fantry.
MINOR MATTERS.
Those members of the cabinet who are in the
city met this morning at the White house.
Mr. Sumner has assurances from leading
colored men here and in other cities, (hat they
intend pressing upon republican senators the
necessity for voting for his supplementary civil
rights bill.
District Attorney Noble of Missouri has tele
graphed Attorney General Williams that he can
not accept the position of solicitor general which
had been offered him.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Dec. 26.—Charles and John Sliuck
uer, brothers, who assaulted and stabbed the
Chelsea city maishal Sunday night, were to
day each held in SIO,OOO for examination next
Monday.
Fnderick Sonhey, aged fifty-one, committed
suicide this morning by shouting; cause sudden
derangement; he leaves wife and family.
William A. Glover, tried in August, charged
with bi ing accessory before the fact to the Boyl>
ston bank robbery—the jury then disagreeing—
was before the court to-day, and hail reduced
DGm fifty thousand to five thousand dollars,
'which he will probably procure.
Springfield, Dec. 26.—At a third trial, to
day, Chicopee voted—446 to 182—to subscribe
$100,001) to the stock of the Springfield and
Athol raiiioad. At the two previous meetings
the proposition received a majority vote, but
lacked the necessary two-thirds vote which is
now secured.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Nj^hua, Dec. 26 —The town of Lyndcborough
on Saturday voted a gratuity of SSOOO, and yes
terday Greenfield SIO,OOO and Francestown
S6OOO, for the extension of the Wilton railroad
to Grecuneid.
MAINE.
Lewiston, Dec. 26.—The bouse of Jonathan
Biyant, South Livermore, was burglarized Sat
urday of twelve hundred dollars, five hundred
being coin.
Bangor, Dec. 26.—The republicans this even
ing nominated Joseph S. Wheelwright as candi
date for mayor, to fill out the unexpired term of
the late Mayor Dale.
VERMONT.
Rutland, Dec. 26. —On Christmas day, a
bloody affray took place at East Arlington, in a
drinking saloon. Farwell and Lawrence, keep
ers of the saloon, shot five persons, two of
whom died, and two more were mortally
wounded. One of the victims was Farwell's
son, right years old. The affair creates intense
excitement. Farwell and Lawrence are under
arrest.
Criminal Record.
THE ARKANSAS TROUBLES.
CiNciNN ati.|Dcc. 26.—A Memphis special says
that the latest from Chicot county, Ark., states
the negroes have disbanded, and but fifty re
turned home. The fifty mentioned have placed
themselves under the sheriff. No fears arc en
tertained as to retaliation by the whites.
Little Rock, Dec. 26.—Conway Barbour,
colored assessor of Chicot county, arrived here
to-day. He was at Lake Village when Wynne
and three others, charged with killing him, were
shot. He left there Friday, and says everything
wa< quiet. No excesses were committed, anil
the officers ol the law have complete control of
affairs. The governor has not yet heard from
his adjutant general.
lynching affair.
St. Louis, Dec. 26.—Further particulars have
been received of the lynching of two despera
does near Seneca, Keosho county, Mo., last
week. It appears that Louis Swimm and an
other desperado known as Texas Joe, alias Buck
skin, induced a German named Henry Salsman
to go about two miles from Prairie City to get
some whiskey they had secreted there. After
getting out of town they assaulted him with
clubs and left him for dead, after robbing him
of $25 and a watch. Salsman recovered suffi
cient io crawl back to town and reported the
affair. Swimm was arrested at Seneca by the
vigilance committee. Buckskin was subse
quently captured alter being shot three times.
Both were banged to a tree. Before the execu
tion Buckskin confessed to having murdered
eleven men during the past year, and the total
booty obtained was only S9O.
ALMOST A LYNCHING AFFAIR.
New York, Dec. 26.—A Cincinnati special
says the citizens ol Hamilton, Ohio, incensed at
the acquittal of McGehan, charged with the
murder of Thomas J. Myers, held a public meet
ing last night and passed resolutions that he
seek a residence elsewhere. A small hu t_ well
armed party quietly proceeded to his house
while the meeting was being held, but McGehan
bad taken a warning from an inflammatory
handbill which called the meeting, ami fled oil
an eastward bound train, thus escaping lynch-
RUFFIANIBM AT A CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL.
Cincinnati, Dec. 26.—At the Christmas fes
tival of negroes at a chinch in Florence, Ky.,
Sunday night, a white man named Henry Sny
der, who was intoxicated, took liberties with
the females. Peter Ryder remonstrated, which
so irritated Snyder that he shot him in the
head, and then shot three other negroes.
FAT A L BIIOOTI NG AFFR AY.
Halifax, N. 8., Dee. 26.—Capt. Michael, of
the Welsh brigantine Nina, shot the boatswain,
Daniel Duggan, last night, fatally. He was ar
rested,
DEFAULTER.
San Francisco, Dec 26.—C. 1). May, secre
tary of state of Oregon, is supposed to be a de
faulter to the amount of $14,000. An officer has
been dispatched to Salt Lake City ro arrest him,
clergyman murdered
Little Rock, Aik Dec. 26.—Rev. W. C,
Wallace was shot and killed, at Atlanta, Colum
bia county, on the 20th, by one Shihnan, who
was drunk and used some insulting language to
Wallace’s family, lor which the clergyman re
proached him. The murderer escaped.
FIFTEENTH DAY of THE WHARTON TRIAL,
Annapolis, Dec. 26.—1 n the Wharton trial,
to day, C. P. Toney, chemist, testified that the
result of the analysis of the liver ol Gen. Ketch
um, since last Wednesday, showed that it eon
tamed one-half to three-fourths of a grain of an
timony.
highwaymen.
Albani, Dec, 26 —A drover, John Simmons,
was seized last night by two highwaymen, near
this city, robbed of SSO in monex and a draft
for SI6OO, received inpayment of cattle.
CHRISTMAS OUTBREAK OF THE KUKLUX.
ST. Louis, Dec.26.—A dispatch from Sedalia
says that Christmas day witnessed U prepom
verted outbreak of the kuklux at Marshall, Sa
line county, Mo., and vicinity. A large number
of arnicd men turned cut in pursuit ol negroes.
A patrol was placed near the town, and eyerv
traveler was halted awl questioned. All bus!
ness was suspended, and mob violence reigned
supreme.
It is not knouu how mW negroes were
killed, but a man who left Marshall at elevon f.
m., saw the dead bodies of five, two hanging
by the neck, and three lying in the road. He
ahii sqw one terribly wounded, having his
sliouldcf shot &W^y- 4* Iha latest accounts, a
crowd farmed men wore starting out, swear*
Ing that they would clear put every negro in the
vouqty,
Our New York Dispatches.
l^ntcaf lufortniitioii Concerning the Tam
uinny King—Connolly will Star in Jail
over New Years Day-Kxtraordinnr)
Mcene in Court, etc.
New York, Dec. 26.—The commit tee of the
bar association has recently held several meet
ings to consider the extortions of rings in sher
iffs, county, clerk and register offices. It is
said that the evidence collected is damning to
certain judges. Reports of these matters will
soon be presented to the legislature, but at pres
ent it is deemed politic to keep the facts from
the public. Ir is further said that among other
things which have been cons’dered is the action
of Judge Barnard in bailing Tweed in SSOOO un
der criminal charges, which competent authori
ty declared to Be a contravention of the law.
There is little probability that the draft of the
city charter, presented by the committee of sev
enty, will be adopted. Many of its provisions
methought too impracticable. Several leading
politicians regard that as a very unwise require
mint which directs an annual election for the
office of mayor. Various other plans will be
brought before tin* legislature in January.
Ex-Controller Connollv was visited by sev
eral of his friends yesterday at Ludlow street
jail. He appeared to lie in good spirits.
The new board of aldermen consists of eight
democrats and seven republicans. The assist
ant aldermen will consist of thirteen democrats
and eight republicans. As the new members
cannot obtain their seats the legislature will be
asked lo immediately decide between the rival
boards.
It is rumored that one of Connolly s bonds
men for a large portion of the half million has
signified his intention to withdraw. It is proba
ble that Connolly will pass New Year's in jail.
Several roofs were carried off and the Metho
dist steeple was blown down at Sharon Springs
in the Saturday night gale.
James Carroll was killed by James McCartney
List night while the latternvas quieting a row in
his rum shop.
A boy at Hudson, a man at Newburg and au
othera. Cornwall were drowned while skating
on the Hudson river Sunday.
Christmas was observed everywhere in this
city and Brooklyn. I’he weather was very
pleasant, and crowds thronged the streets
through the day. The steamers and sailing
vessels in the harbor were decorated with the
flags of all nations.
The ship James Foster, from Liverpool, ar
rived yesterday. She reports the loss oi one
man overboard. Another had a leg and arm
broken during the gale.
Arrived, steamer Main, from Bremen.
An immense gathering ol citizens collected
this evening at the residence of ex-Collector
Thomas Murphy, in 39th street, to tender him a
serenade. Colonel Fisk’s 9th regiment band ot
one hundred pieces performed several excellent
selections, when ex-Mayor Opdyke, alter refer
ring to the administration oi the office lately
held by Mr. Murphy as being, to his own per
sonal knowledge, what is so rare in this city at
the present time, reflecting honor on the repub
lican party and the country, introduced ex Col
lector Murphy, who was received with great
cheering. After thanking his fellow citizens,
Mr. Murphy adverted to his official course as
collector, and to his voluutarv resignation of
the office; he had received many warm commen
dations from the president and other govern
ment officials, as testimony to the honest
administration of his office. Notwithstand
ing many unjust aspersions that had
been made upon his character, which he
c ‘iisidered were mainly intended to militate
against the president of the United States, and
to injure the prestige of the republican party,
upon w’.iose success depends the well-being of
the whole country; in future, as in the past, he
would strive for the success of republican prin
ciples. Some ten thousand people were present,
and the streets were ablaze with fireworks.
Among those present were Hou. Wm. Orlon,
Jackson S. Schultz, Henry Clews, E, R. Harper,
Isaac H. Bailey, Levi P. Morton, Chas W. Gris
wold, and other eminent citizens. It was the
largest gathering at a serenade in this city for
many years.
The committee of seventv, at a meeting to
night, adopted a resolution that the incomplete
draft of the city charter, winch has appealed in
the newspapers without the consent and again«t
the wis'u s of this committee and its sub-com
mitti' on legislation, is not considered either as
a finfd decision of the committee, solar as it
goes, or pre duding changes in the portion of
the charter already discussed, and which was
printed merely for the convenience of members.
The Hudson river is again open to navigation
the most of its length. All the ferries have re
sumed their trips.
The floating ice below Newburgh is no imped
iment to navigation.
The funeral services of Sidney E, Morse, at
4th avenue Presbyterian church, was largely at
tended. Prof. Morse, only survivor ol the four
brothers, was present. Among the pall-bearers
were Wm. C. Bryant and Dr. J. S. Prime. The
remains were interred at Greenwood.
The Erie company has transferred, in the
presence of the master in equity, White, thirty
five thousand shares to Heath Raphael. It is
confidently expected that the balance of the 60,-
000 shares wrongfully converted by Eric officials
will be delivered this week.
The police will probably not be paid Jan. 1, us
it is doubtfal whether any payment can be made
till the legislature acts upon the subject.
Henry L. Hoquet has received $3500 from the
people of France as a Christmas gift lor the
Chicago sufferers, of which Mayor Medill lias
been <luly notified.
John Meyers, emigrant swindler, has been
sentenced to twelve years in prison.
There was an extraordinary scene in the court
of over and terminer, to-day. Edward Ma
honev and George Williamson voluntarily con
fessed themselves guilty of a robbery lor which
two other men had been convicted. All were
remanded for investigation.
The second trial of the three indicted inspect
ors of elections in Brooklyn has begun.
The Express reports two failures, one of pro
duce, the other of malt, dealers; both heavy
names.
There was a panic at the Sabbath school an
niversary at the German Lultieran church, De
kalb avenue, Brooklyn, last night, from the
sinking ot the floor. The absence of a cellar
prevented serious results.
It is now announced that the female compan
ion ol “Professor” Lubin, whose arrival is antic
ipated by the detectives, did bring a quanrity
of smuggled goods. Twenty-five thousand dol
lars worth of silk laces have been taken fiom
her, and are now in possession of the deputy
surveyor.
Accidents.
CARS.
Dubuque, la., Dee. 26.—Saturday night a
passenger train bound north on the Burlington,
Cedar Rapids ami Minnesota railroad, bioke
through the bridge over Shell Rock river at
Ruckford Station, lowa, precipitating the en
gine, caboose, baggage car and one coach down
twenty five feet. James Judd, engineer, Bart
lett, brakeman, and Robert White, fireman,
were instantly killed. The baggage master had
a leg broken. The express messenger was seri
ously though not dangerously injured. Sur
geons wet e at once sent trom Cedar Rapids to
their relief, and returned to that place Sunday
with the dead and wounded.
Later.—’Further particulars say the train had
two locomotives, on account of heavy drifts.
The two locomotives, tenders, baggage and ca
boose ear went through the bridge, the baggage
car reeling at a steep angle. Ibe engineer of
the fust locomotive, E. L. Judd, the fireman of
the second, Robert Ralston, and one brakeman,
J. W. Bartlett, were instantly killed at their
posts,
A baggage master and section hand had their
legs broken, and a passenger, named A. Towne,
had three ribs broken. A few otheis were seri
ously bruised. Fortunately the passenger coach
was stopped} in time to prevent its plunging
with the rest, thus saving the inmates.
Mr. Towne, with his broken bones, picked up
the baggage master, and drew him to the upper
end of the ear, where he was taken out of a win
dow by the conductor, Mr. Towne then sank
from exhaustion, but was rescued by someone
crawling in after him. By the greatest exer
tions of the two conductors, the train was saved
from fire by rubbing on snow, alter the ears
were several times ablaze. Hie bridge was a
Howe truss, and it is soared that it had been
tampered with by some evil disposed person.
LAMP.
Nashville, Tenn., Dee. 20,—Mrs. Sturde
vant, wife of the superintendent of the institute
lor the blind, was killed Sunday night by the
explosion of a coal oil lamp.
FALL.
Utica, Dec. 26.—Edward Cougherty of Al
bany, was killed by the fall of a scaffold at the
Globe woulen imils, tins afternoon. John Little
and David Desmoiior were severely injured.
SHOT.
Nashville, Dec 26. —Thomas Hawkins was,
sljot and killed at Burt Jelten, at a festive party
Christmas night, near Uowan-Jelten. He is the
seventh of bis family who have met violent
deaths.
EXPLOSION.
Louisville, Ky., Dec. 26.—Yesterday, at
Shields mill, near Seymour, Indiana, an old can
non, tired to celebrate Christmas, burst, instant
ly killing Wm. Dobbin and a blacksmith named
Crews
Abbreviated l>i*pai<'hci«.
The Norwegian bark Hilda, from Loudon, is a
total loss on Cape May.
A St. Louis dispatch says: “The Chicago
Tribune is mistaken when it states that the
small pox is prevailing here as an epedemic.
The Rawling and L iramie stations report that
no trains have passed either east or west for
three days. Thrte trains arc at Cheyenne bound
west.
Gen, Cushing returned to Washington from a
flying visit to New York to eat his Christmas
dinner with a fiiend, and will not leave at pres
ent (or Gvnwa.
Prrnoiiii 1 'l'rlegrnmo.
At Pittsburg, Janus Kennedy, broker, com
mitted auii ide on Monday.
I nited States Senator elect A. A. Sargent has
left California lor Washington overland.
Dr. Wm. C. Dewitt, tiie oldest physician in
Uistercounty, N. Y.. fell dead at a patient’s
bedside, near Saugerties, yesterday.
At Nashville, Janies Miller, a grocer, com
mitted suicide on Sunday morning oy shooting.
No caiw assigned.
Jucob Barker, well known in financial circles
throughout the United States, died at Philadel
phia, aged ninetv-three.
At Rome, Ga., on Monday, H. D. Cochran was
elected max or, and all the rest of the people’s
ticket. Everything was orderly and there was
much rejoicing.
lu Brooklyn, on Monday, a man named Chas.
Johnson, said to be a “prominent’’ politician,
was fatally shot by a young man named Robert
Henry.
Private advices from Paris state that M.
Boileau, who married a daughter of Thomas H
Benton while he was at Washington as secre
tary of legation twenty years ago, is to be sent
to this country as minister of France.
Alexi« arrived at Cleveland last evening, and
was received by the mayor and a committee of
citizens, and serenaded later To-day he will be
driven about the city and visit the iron mills
and other manufactories at Newberg
Wong Haig, son of the late president of the
Ning Yung company, was buried with imposing
celestial ceremonies at San Francisco yesterday.
Nearly one hundred carriages were in line, with
twenty professional mourners and five wagon
loads of provisions and flowers
A Washington soecial says: It is now an
nounced that Vice President Colfax will becom
pelled by parliamentary precedent, to appoint
Gen. Schurz one of the minority on the senate
investigating committee or “tarnish his reputa
tion for impartiality as a presiding officer. It
so happens, however, that there is no vacancy,
as the appointment of Mr. Casserly, as a second
democratic member, fills the place of Pool, leav
ing a committee of seven members as at first.
The mysterious “wiki man,*’ who hml been the
subject of sensation some years, was shot dead
by a citizen residing near Livermore Pass, ('al.,
whom lie attempted to kill. The man was sim
ply a dangerous lunatic, but his name and na
tivity have not been ascertained.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS -Ameri
can ana Foreign Patents procured, Resected Ap
pncatioia re-argued; Interference Caaea rj-oseciited:
Yplnlona given ai to the validity ano mirmgement of
Patents and Sults prosecuted anil defended in the U. Si
Courts,by
THO 3. H nOMGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman ofithe
_.oard of Appeals. L T 8. Patent office,) Counsellor at
Law and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office. Dudge-s
Block, eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester Masi.
u'24 d*wtf
QLIV ER’S
STOVE STORE,
SBB MAIN STREET OED NO. »?O
_mv24 dtf
^usuuss (ffarOs.
SG. W. ELKINS, No. 204 Main st.,
the only man who makes Clock Repairing a
specialty. Cleans all kinds of Clocks.
Clocks pul up if desired.
An assortment of Clocks far sale. AH
work warranted.
mvl* do ELKINS ,t DUNCAN.
A S. ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner and
M u J ic Teachei Rooms at L. Gorham A<u. s,
Mam st. Order Slates may also oe totind with B D
Alien. 41 Pleasant st., and at 8. n Story’s Jewelry Es
tahlislimebt. dtr
AL EXAN OE K L O It IME K,
Manufacturer and dealer in
RUSSIA, MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP CORD!
AGE,
Bed Curds, Cotton Clothes lanes. Steam Packing, Fish
Lines, Twine, Pulley Blocks,
Wholesaled Retail.
Corne-of Exchange and Blinks tone streets,
Wnrcpst^r. M»«» -i.-wn
I» M. PBVEYj OENTIST,
Office and residence
70 PlcaMunt Nt., tool of (iheMtnut Nt.
anil d6m
A Y STA T L H 6 F
WORCESTER MANS..
GHH3O. Tl-IKA Ijl.j J-’roprietor
H. GREENWOOD, Auctioneer,
l«t Not. Rank ISiiilding.
Attends to sales in any part of Worcester Co.
n 4 dual
Ea r l e V~u l l e~IF
ARCHITECTS,
People': Savings Bank Building,
No. 282 MAIN STREET. WoKcwim, Mass.
SrEPHLH C. Kahle. James E Fvllek
a” .its
P. AMES,
JOB WAGOVS Noh. llGuini 117.
Families moved by careful men, Carpets Cleaned,
Made mid Put o>wn. Sccnid-hand doihing, carpet*,
&c., h tight and soul. Windows Washed an t Honses
Cleaned.
Residence, 35 North Ashland st.
Order slate No 1 l o>t Office Building.
Ail orders prompt i att.nued to. dtf u 25
J^£RS. A. DUNHAM,
NURSE.
*l2 dim* 31 Benefit st.
RS. S. A. BLANCH IRD Medical
AU clairvoyant Business and Test Medium. No. 55
Mechanic st. Clairvoyant remedies constantlv on hand
and sentbv mail r*4m* «|5
JJ R. A A Ho WL A Nii.
»I. A TINT,
387 Main St.. Worcester.
aul dtf Grout's New Block
.furs.
P OK THE N E X T
30
DAYSTIIE LARGEST ASSOK TM KXT
OF
FURS
CAN BE FOUND AT
F. A. CLAPP’S,
371 MAIN STREET.
Ladies,
Gentlemen’s and
Children’s
FURS
at the Lowest Prices, and warranted as represented.
Gentlemen’s and u.uths’ GLOVES, CXPEK GAR
MENTS. HAI’S AND CAI’S—AII Steles. Persons In
search of
Christmas aud Yew Years Presents!
should call at
F. A. CLAPP’S,
<l>6 <llf 3TI Main Street.
MARION
U. S. WATCH GO. (GILES. WALES CO.)
WATCH E S
Best in the world. Ask. your Jeweller to see them.
For Sale hv all FirMt-<*lnMN Dealerw.
Wholesale Room*,
GILES, WALES Co.. 13 Maiden Line. New York.
Uli <Utwßw
UOUQV ET S WKEA TH S,
CUT FLOWERS,
House Plants., &c. &c.
FOR SALE BY
JOHN S. BALLARD CO.,
HEALERS IN
Groceries and House Furnishing Goods,
CUAPIN BtOCK. PEARL STREET,
olfi dUtf
New 'steam marble and
STONE WORKS.
Haring Introdnced machinery Into our buaineM,we
are eontidviii that, vitliour large experience, practical
knowledge, and persona: attention, we are prepared to
manafactuie Building Fnmts and Trimmings, Monu
ments, Tablets and Grave Stones, Chimney Pieces,
Bracket Shelves, Table and Bureau Tops, sinks, and
every description of work made from Marble and Stone,
at the lowest cash price;-.
Thankful for past coniidence and patronage, we solicit
acunlinnance of the same. TAIL! M A HORGAN,
dU in LWraUi.. Wordier, Maaa,
PRICE 1 CENTS.
£1 II R I ST MAS!
WALLETS
I have now in Store the neat assort
ment ever exhibited in the state of Maa
sachusetts. They are all made expressly
for me; consequently the style and
prices can be relied upon a- being satis
factory.
fi £r ’A call is ie«peel fully solicited.
WALLETS.
EDWIN A. W AKKEN,
A.pot heea ry,
IN RAY STATE HOI NE. WORCESTER,
1130 dtf
*lour.
REMOVAL.
o L. mYTCJT
Has Removed from
NO. 11 TO NO. 17 CROMPTON S BLOCK,
Two doors East, eorner of Mechanic street and Norwich
and woreesler R. R. track, to the -.tore formerly occu
pied by the St. Louis Flour co.
O. L. HATCH,
17 ^Mechanic Street.
CHOICE FAMILY FLDER
From #t> to «10.50 per Barrel.
C Every barrel Is warranted.
J AMES N. WELC H, F. F. F. H.,
JONEN A CO., lIEEHI,
SNOW FEA KE, EMERAEII,
1.11. Y WHITE, Ar., Ac.
Also, 500 Barrels of choice hand picked
WINTER APPLES,
APPLES, APPLES.
Cif ('nil and see them.
O. L. HATCH,
17 Mechanic Nt Crompton'■ Rlock.
.lit
Jfor Salt.
WILL HU Y A LIGHT CASH
s SESS 0,1 Main st., paying a large
protit lor particulars inquire of
ABBOTT RICE,
dtf ii ent nu Exchange.
F ’OR SALE-STANDING WOOD AND
lIMBEI.’ within 1H miles of City Hall; also, 200
conlsof Dry Wood, reiulv nn market.
O. A. POND co.,
J'- 4 ’hf 2 Fi-on' Ni. Exchange.
F OR 8 “TH HEE YOKE
‘/VJr WORKING OXEN, four and live
years pa<i. well matened and broke. In
qnire of the subscriber, at thee B. Pratt
nrm In Auburn, or aim.' bous?. No. 39 Salem st be
tween seven o’clock r. m and seven a. m.
B. MORSE.
ipOR SALE!—I wi’lsell my TWO-SEAT
ED SLEIGH. Call at store.
''’’"S HOLLAR,
J aylor s Granite Building, opp. Old South hurch.
jH6 utt
[IQRSE BLANKETS FOR SALE-A
tew hundred good common Blankets, well made
up. at low prices. SUMNER i'RATT,
dtf 32 f ront -1.
FACTORY FOR SALE OR TO RENT
A with water and steam power; situated on the line
ot the Providence Railroad, in the city ot Worcester
Apply to Washburn Moen Meg. Co
apH |ti
JPOR SALE!
NTOt K ANO FURNITUUE
ot tlr>t ''la's I'lothing, Gents' Furnishing Goo’s, and
Boot and Shoe store.
Rare cuance for an active business man. Best of rea
sons tor selling. Apply in person or by mail, to
KEYES <t ULUSSON,
111 1 >i Springfield, Vt.
ULETG-H Fl>R SALE A DoUBUB Si aim*
Albany Sleigh to lie sold Cheap.
d2 6'l _ GEO. M. RICE.
pUKE AYLESBURY DUCKS FOR
V w. WETHERELL, or ot A
,o> 011 ~H‘ rain al ,lie J’HRiion of Pleasant
and Highland si>, Worcester. d2w d2O
1 1ST RECEIVED AND FOB SALE!
51 V..J ACKSON WHITES. Also, one ol
i•\ h N Eis. Ihe above are in perf ct order.
jw dD s. ii BI BBANK A CO
/MITTON MACHLNEkY FOR SALE.
V 4 Pairs Hand Mules, 1392 Spindles each, in good
order, now running on tine yarn.
Il applied for tnmudiaiely. will be sold cheap, and be
delivered at once. Apply to
Ilr S. SLATER SONS.
'H'’ etc North Webster. Mass’
100,000,000 5 20 bonds
WILL BE REDEEMED BY THE GOVERNMENT
IN DECEMBER NEXT.
Many holders ot those securities have been converting
them, through us, into
Peoria anil Koch Island First Mort-
gage 7 per Cent. Convertible
Cold Bonds,
thereby adding 585 PER CENT. TO THEIR CAPI
TAL. and about 45 PER CENT, to th Jr YEARLY
INCOME.
We recommend these bonds strongly, for the following
reasons:
The Road, ninety-one miles in length, is already
COM PLETEo, and earning much more than the
interest on the whole issue of bonds.
The mortgage, 1,500,0u0, is less than «KIOV
-500 per mile.
The road passes through a rich, populous, agricultural,
manufacturing, and coal district.
It connects Peoria and Rock Island, two of the largest
and most flourishing cities in Illinois, and forms part of
a trunk-line from Indianapolis to St. Paul, 578 miles, it
also connects two navigable rivers—the Illinois and Mis
sissippi. The bonds are authorized for the extra equip
ments and necessary buildings required to do the business
now offered.
Nearly half the entire loan has already been sold.
They are coupon bonds, I*l,ooo each, and can be
registered if desired.
Interest, seven per cent gold, free of tax, payable
February and August.
Price. KO and interest, in currency.
Maps and full particulars furnished by
TLRYER BROTHERS,
No. 14 Nassau st., New York.
The Bonds are also for sale by D. E. MERRIAM
Cashier, Leicester, Mass.
MCE, WHITING BULLOCK,
dtf W
JJICHARDSON, HILL CO?,
BANKERS.
XO. 3 SEARS' BUILDING. BOSTON.
BUSINESS PAPER Bought and Sold, and Cor
poration Loans negotiated.
DEPOSITS received, subject to check at sight, with
Interest on <1 lily balances credited monthly.
COLLECTIOXS of Notes, Dra ts. Coupons and
Dividends made with promptness on all points.
A D VANCES made on approved collaterals.
ORDERS tor Bondsand ah first-class securities ex
ecuted on commission. d6m d2l
FSTAB RO OK SMITH
have a few thousand dollars
TO LOAN
fora short time.
ROOM NO. 3 ROGERS’ RLOtK, center
Main and Pleasant sts. dtr
yy ALK ER, ANDKEWS CO
58 Wall St., New York,
ANDREWS CO.,
XO Place Vendome, Paris,
BANKERS.
Bonds, Stocks and Gold boajit and sold on commission
Deposits receive*l at interest. Loans negotiated.
Travelers' and CommeicUl Credits ssued.
Exchange drawn on Paris, and on the
UNION BANK OF LONDON.
*l9 deeply
AD VEKTAMINO MATEO.
I> Daily Hfy— For the “Square' ol Un Inea a
agate type, 1 time7s eta.; each subsequent Insertion 50
cte.; 1 week 52.75; 2 weeks |4.00; 1 month 98.00; 1 year
980—and the same rate proportionally for any n 1 mber o
•quarea. Two line* for one week fl. 00; three line $1.25.
four lines $1.37; five lines $1.50 Local notices 25 ten fa
per line for each Insertion. Business noticea 15 cent« pe
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements SI.OO per square for first inser
tion each subsequent insertion 50 cents.
Special positions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cota and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wekkly Spy— First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
jUolibay Oaouljs,
J_£ O L I D A Y GOODS!
We have opened and are daily receiving a Large
Assortment of
Fancy Goods!
FOR
CHRISTMAS
AND
NEW YEAR’S GIFTS
RICHLY CARVED AND GILDED
WALL |’O< KETN. RRACKETN,
HOOK HOEDERN,
MATCH NAFESt
Slipper and Towel Racks,
aid Receivers,
Plain Mahogany and Walnut Desks,
French and English Desks for Ladies.
OUR STOCK OF
WILLOW GOODS
Is the best we ever had.
Ladies' and Misses' WORK BASKETS, of American
and Fayal makes.
Faval CARD RECEIVERS and WALL POCKETS,
Children's CHAIRS, Ac.. &c.
■Ladies’ and Gents' Fancy Chain. Tables, Ac.. Ac.
Standing Easels and Portiolio Frames fur large en
gravings.
ur- We have on hand afull line of Trimmings, and
are prepared to do all kinds of Fancy Upholstery.
JOHN I). CHOLLAR,
NOS. 472 AND 474 MAIN ST.,
Taylor’s Granite Building,
Opp. O «1 South Church.
•114 dtf
JJoL IDA Y PBESENTS!
p. yiFung,
Dc«k«, 838 l to
E
Boxes, MAIN STREET. Games,
A R
knives Baskets,
A Call early O
.Scissors, Toys,
C and T
rayons, avoid Pocket Books,
T N
Perambulators, a crowd. Rocking Horses,
Umbrellas, Hird Cages,
Ainhabets, nearly Tea Sets.
E
l uzzles, opposite Beads,
o
l^ieds, Quinsigamond Drums,
R l>
Brushes, Bank. Coralie,
A N
Ele. Etc
(former number 88.)
dIS dtd3l
/urniturc.
J) J TALBOT,
UPHOLSTERER,
432 Main St., Cor. Pleasant,
In Taylor's l ld Building. On hand. PARLOR SUITES
AND LOUNGES. R Cheap. Come &C.
n3O dSm
gLASTIC SPONGE
MATTRESSES, PILLOWS PEW CUSHIONS.
H. A. BOWMAN,
Agent for these Goods,
UPHOLSTEKEK.
ills 16 oS;er opposite Bost an Depot.
BROWN J
PRACTICAK.
UPHOLSTERER,
HCooma Central Exchange, Main R|.|
lyl dtf
WALLETS.
OHA S V. PUTNAM,
No. 143 Main St.,
has constantly on hand and for sale:
B. Walnut Chamber Sets, with Marbles.
Parlor Suites.
Chestnut Extension Tables
Marble-Top Centre Tables.
Also, a very full assortment of Painted and Grained
urniture—cheap as the cheapest. A great variety of
CHILDREN'S CARRIAGES,
md a full stock of Stone China, and Crockery of James
Edwards and other celebrated manufacturers.
Also, a full assortment of Gentlemen's Furnishing'
Goods; Clocks. Jewelry, and other fancy articles.
CHARLES V. PUTNAM.
jnh2B dtf
A N ENTIRE OUTFIT FOR HOUSE-
A*. KEEPING!
WE OFFER FOR SALE I
Solid Black Walnut Marble Top
CHAMBER SUITES I
B. W. TBIMMKU CHAUBCK SUITES,
Painted Chamber Suites,
It. W. FRAMED PARLOR SUTES
in Haircloth, Reps or Terry.
B. W. WARDROBES.
SIDEBOARDS,
SECRETARIES,
HAT TREES.
B. W., Gilt and Common Framed Mirrors, B. W.
md Chestnut Extension Tables, Dining Chairs. Ac.,
Rocking, Easy and Parlor Chairs, Common Bedsteads,
Bureaus, Tables, Chairs, Ac.: Hair and Common Mat
tresses, Feathers. Feather Beds and Pillows, Blankets
and Comforters, Crockery. Cutlery, Rogers Bros.’ Silver
Plated Goods. Ac.
All at reasonable prices. Call aud examine.
LAMSON, GLAZIER CO..
n 9 Jlf 202. 2M and 20S Main at.
^pectacUs,
rHE GREAT SECRET!-To get th.'
best
:>r the t i. co consult» regular Opuclw. A good
Optician la as necessary as a good I’hysicaa. me
eye should be nue', with care anc judgment; me
under organs should not be strained or exerted by
living or wearing glasses of too great power. It the eye
is healthy. and the tenses properly adapted, the vision
will be comfortable and clear.
I. H. STOCKWELL, Practical Optician,
Adapts glasses, an er an examtnatton of the eye, tor the
near, far and weak sighted, aecord.'ng to the Mate of the
BYE, with guarantee for satisfaction. He keeps the
largest assortment of all the most ininroved Kinda of
SPECTACLES AND EYE GLASSES, SPY,FIELD
AND OPERA GLASSES,
Stereoscopes and Views, Ac., at the lowest prices. Ami
ficialHi mam Eyes inserted without pain, and made to
order.
Thanking my mang friends, and the public, for the
very liberal patronage (much exceeding my anticipations)
bestowed on me in the past, 1 shall endeavor, by square
deal in'i, to merit a continuance of the same. Remember
the place,
IPEUTACLI DEPOT,
334 Mala Street, Wsreester, Established
ISIS.
N. B -No Agents qj peddle^ employed. Beware
mp^ters. du