JIM IRVING ON TRIAL
K Striking Illustration of the Late Style
of Conducting an Election.
The Murderous Assault on
Marshal Dowley.
Ex-Judge Pierrepont Special
Prosecutor.
Tweteraay the December ternv erttie United States
Circuit Court opened at eleven o'clock, before
Judge Benedict. At thttlioura considerable num
ber of lawyers and of the pnotic generally, wltn a
large sprlnWing of politicians of the ex Tammany
stripe, were in attendance, expecting to hear the
development* to be made ou the trial of Jim Irving,
?x-Member ol Assembly, who Is Indicted for violent
assault upon Deputy Marshal Dowley. The irrepres
sible Jim himself was. of course, present, looking as
IIU would please him to put a French roof on the
Dinner Attorney or any other man. He was repre
sented by sx-Judge Fullerton, Mr. Charles Douohue
and Mr. Charles 8. Spencer as counsel, and ex
Judge Pierrepont appeared as special District Attor
ney to conduct the prosecution, with Mr. Davis and
Mr.'Purely as assistants.
OPENING PROCEEDINGS.
District Attorney Dans said that, under the pro
visions ol the Judiciary act, the Attorney General
had appointed Hie Hon. Edwards Pierrepont special
attorney, una be moved that Mr. Pierrepont take the
oa he.
Mr. I'lKuttKPONT accordingly took the oaths.
The Court?Have you uuy criminal business to
move, Mr. District Attorney t
The District attorney?a large number of cases.
1 move (his morning Hie case of
THE INirEl) STATES VS. JAMES IRVING.
The couitr-lt Is tue first case on the calendar.
Call the defendant.
Mr. Kcli.bkton, ono of Irvtng's counsel?We are
ready.
Judge Benedict then called the criminal calen
dar.
MINER, THE ALLGED OOlTtTERFEITBR.
In tins case Mr. Phelps, of counsel for defendant,
?aid that ho shou'd bo ready for trial but there was
a lutge number of witnesses to bo brought from a
distance, and ho did not wish them to De brought
here unnecessarily, ne asked tlie government to
name a day lor the trial.
Mr. Fullerton?We are reaay to try the case If
the goverumant will fix a particular day.
After so ue further discussion the District At
torney fixed Monday next for the trlai or the case.
8WEARING A JURT.
Mr. Stllwell, Deputy Clerk of the Court, then pro
ceeded to call and swear a Jury for the trial of Jim
Irving.
Mr. Baocock, the first Juror called, was questioned
as to whether he had read or this case and come to
any conclusion about It. lie Bald, "I have heard of
the case, though 1 did not go Into the details, and I
have lormed no opinion about it." lie was sworn.
Mr. Made, the next Juror, wai similarly ques
tions 1. lie said he liad seen an account of the thing
In tho papers, with a heading, but did not read it
?no had formed no opinion abom it. He was
tworn.
Mr. Gregory. In reply to Rlmliar Interrogatories,
?aid lie had heard of the case, but had formed no
opinion or impression about it. Sworn.
Mr. dale was questioned in the same fashion and
gave answers tho same as the above. Sworn.
Mr. o.ement Jewett stated, in reply to questions,
mat he had heard ol the caso, but did not recollect
having read it. Ue had loriuea no opinion on It at
Mr. Gage, Mr. Goodall, Mr. Page, Mr. Douglass,
Mr. Kainey and the other jurors sworn all gave
hps wets exactly tho same as those brought out by
the interrogatories to the otner Jurors.
NAMES OF TUE IUKORN.
Kingman F. Pago, Edwara Gage,
W ill la in Gale, Francis GoodaU,
Hanrv S. Gregory, William Douglass.
Jarvla sioue, Gouverneur M. Hatnev
Samuel D. Babcock, Electa* Hamsdale.
Clemont Jewell, Seiah U. UUL
MR. P1KIIKKPONT OPENS FOB THE rB lSBOCTTIOJf.
?r. Pierrepont stated the case for the proseco*
tton. Ho said:?If Your Houor please, it is fit that I
should state ho w it nappeus that I appear in uns case
M Special District Attorney, und sworn In as f have
been, it was expected this case would be tried
teveral days ago before Judge Woodruff. My lriend
the District Attorney, juugc Davis, was to have
tried the case; but a sad aniiction happened in his
famtly in the death of his daughter. He was called
hway irom hlsoitlce. and he sent one of his assist
Rnis asking if I would try the case lu consequence
01 that afillctlon. J agreed to do so, and he sent to
the Attorney General for a commission making my
appointment, it is in this way, gentlemen, that 1
appour in tins case. The case I now proseut to you
Is one very rareiy presented to any jurv, I hopo it
u the only one of the kiu 1 that has ever been pre
sented to a Jury, indeed, I hardly knew oi such a
base before, lou arc to try the prisoner for
reacumg a prisoner who was taken under a
Warrant ol the United Mates Marshal, and beating
the Marshal who had taken the prisoner near unto
oeaih, so much so that when ball was fixed In tho
case the surgeons testified they did not think he
woulu live, 'ihe Marsual who was beaten in tho
discharge of bis duty will be ou the stand. He is a
inlid, genial, amiable man whom 1 have known lor
long years. Do took the warrant under tho illrec
tn.u oi tliiB Court to arrest a prisoner charged with
crime, in gentle, mild way, without violence of
any mud, ne took the prisoner to bring him oeiore a
magistrate. The prisoner is taken irom him, and
the Marshal Is beaten, as 1 said before, near nuio
?f., The P^oner rescued is sriii at large.
Vthough we will show you that every effort to find
him has oecu made. The rescued man has oeen put
out of the way. und the Deputy Marshal was put
ncurly out of lite. The prisoner is named James Irv
ing, or, as ho Is generally known, -Jim Irving." You
have heard of Jim Irving, and you win hear more of
r? ,v,fu.u mal- 1 never Bn* mi" until withm tho
tast thirty minutes, when he was pointed out to mo
by counsel, and ho Is now here ou trial for rescuing
a prisoner irom ihe custody of iho Deputy Marshal
and beating the Marshal almost to death. Tho
Kerime is made a misdemeanor by statute and the
nniaunient is exceedingly light; lor it was not be
?w^cn u,c lliw was Pwsed thai a criminal
S5?tM?^.Ukeii away rroulll,c Marshal and the lat
ter killed or nearly so. Iu this case you will have
ue witnesses here who saw the wuo.c of tnls affair
You will have mo warrant before you and you will
have the Marshal before you who was serving It.
There is no mistake about the warrant or t'je Mar:
?hoi or any or the facts. The warrant which 1 now
?bow you is the one mat will be given in evidence.
It is a bloody one. It Is covered ivuh the biood of
the Marshal, who, In an houest mode, was Irving to
serve it; mat blood was drawn by the prisoner who
is now on trial beioro you. When the evi
dence is in and ail the facts are pre
set! ted to you, you will be asked to sav
whether tlio facts are ptoved as charged in the ni
dlctiueut. lucre is no dispute as io the facts do
dispute as to the warrant or as to the man who
signed it or whose blood is now upon m There win I
be no dispute about the inau who commuted tlie
doed nor about me place where It was done I
?hail prove to you in the beginning the correctness i
ol this diagram?(exhibiting a diagram)?which
will be necessary to a fair investigation of this case.
The diagram was taken on tlie ground, and you
may be sure it is ijulte correct. Counsel then i
Pointed out on the diagram the situation occupied at
avenue it aim Fifteenth street r?jr a building or grog-
auop, opposite to which ttie outrage occurred. The
building, he said, was occupied by a man named
Owen Ueoglieg ;n, and he was the man wnorn tue
Marsliul arrested under tlie warrant alluded to, aud
Owen Oeoghegan was the poison rescued by Jiin
Irving, who beat the Marshal. Oeoghegan kept the
grogshop on one cot iter, and by looking at the dia
fram the jury would see that at one corner a public
?s lamp stooa. at another corner unothcrlamp, and
?iano hcr point another lamp, all being lighted,
ue hour at which the outrage occurred was b<*.
tween nine aud hutf-pa-t nine in the evening, On
avenue A side was an entrance to (lie liijuoi store.
Then were three large gmss windows, oue of them
Opening down to the ground as a door, and on the
riiteenm street side ure three windows, and At the
black place ou the diagram is a dooi entering the
budding ou Fltteeuih sucet, near w hich Is a lamp.
At hum point, near me lamp. Jim irviug and three
!?iu^h?^i.hirVf {'p 10 a carr,a?e- Tie Marshal,
witn three other men. were Handing on the corner
for the purpose of finding Oeoghegan. oue of litem
did not know mm but thev were i, id that at m?
O'ciock Oeoghegan was to he there to keep an fiD
pomtmerit with Jim Irving. They couMec neat v
went Hiere at nine o'clock, or a tew mtnutea toil
The Marshal, wlin his awstftants, stood there for the
purpose of finding out where Geogheaan
was, ami while tbe.c Irving dro* m,
fit-ni Fifteenth sireet with ins companions
and came round to avenue B and went mm the -a^
loou there. Noon alter lie came out and walked to.
w ai ds his coach wim bis companions. Uooghcgan
?ubsequeiiUy mode his appealancc. when Irving
bid hnu "Good night." A man named Fitzsimons
?aid to one o< the marshals, -There is your man."
The Marshal stopped up to Geoghegau, who was
?milding mi me sidewalk, look hold ol his arm with
his right, huud and Mil i, "I am a United Mates Mar
shut J have a warrant for vou." yes," re
filled Gcogiicvan; "come Inside." "No." 'said the
V tribal. "I cannot go inside. Vou must come with
9 x" at the saute nine presenting the warruul which
I now have lu mv hand. Ue (Gmg'.egan, refused to
go with lb* Marshal mlgiitH respited slid utile I
put- "Juw i J?m 'rviug i" Jrriug was Uteii at or
going u> ktooeack. Immediately jtn turned back
wimi Ms companions. ami op to um Marshal and
said. -What a uie matter r" n*, **?-.?.-i
J!?1"*.* n.*5l 1 ,m? sulSLK
a warifcDt fof ihA QfMgt of
0e< gheimn." Gtoghegau nuuoc tbe Marshal on ttoe
M^- W?5d M&S
Marshal, pi fob Into mm, the aon of i b h niv* it
to him." They both struck bitn; he was knocked
battled. He got up, and when he
^one^e the oa the oorb
MamlJjt 5?Tn a?lUn aad w? kSSAMaulS I
l*XZrl"*Y r on oce* When be w*? u-ylug j
i?J7?S S? Pttrty drew a heavy pistol and
neari* ni^rt00 ii l>*ok ol 1,10 hea<1- leaviug hiin
aw taken up by hie companions
etabood through the cheek with
haA !?r' ,h d,al*s r?*?ived eevere wounds ou the
w.l'h 'lead. Across his nose he was struck
Tfl,..-80tn* bard substance. His eyes were so
swoHcn that the cheeks and the nose were upou a
He was taken to a drug store Needing. His
coat and sblrt were coverou wiik blood. He
tainted, or nearly fainted, ana could not
help blmt-el', and after his wounds were dressed
he was removed lu a carriage to bis home.
He was ill aud confined to bis room for three
weeks. He was attended by physicians, who wilt
testify as to bis coudltlon. These are the facts of
the case. The extreme punishment for ibis ofifenoe
la two years' imprisonment.
TESTIMONY FOB Till PROSECUTION.
As the first witness was about oeiug sworn Mr.
Picrrepont made a statement in reference to the
propriety of keeping the witnesses out of court
during the hearing of the testimony of each wit.
ness on the stand. The witnesses were ordered oat
of conn ti.l called for.
Mr. John E. Kennedy testified as to the correctness
mge took^hES. "ie place where the alleged out
TESTIMONY OF FREDRICK BERNHARD.
Frederick Ccrnhard, sworn?I am a Demitv
Dnlied states Marshal, and was employed In ^hat
evamitif ??n 8tu ?r November last; on that
evening, in company with Deputy Marshals
Dowley and O'Brien, 1 went to Geoghegan's nub
aveSueu'imi^r^T' 0f eUu??*
Ji'?^wley had a warrant lor tbe arrest of
Geogh-.gan, issued by Commlssloaer Davennort*
SFJKiSS*, Warram biood apo^i^as that
MISA.'SKtf
once a crowd ol men came out; tbey were followed
nLhi?i4i!i? U 9ll.trt ?'eovos, who bade tbem good
s. il aud myself approached, and asked 1/
be were Mr, Ueogticgan; be said be was. and Duwii>>
remarked that be h?i a warraut for wrest-gL^
gbegan said, "les; come in;" Dowlev declined'tn<tn
so. whereupon Geognegan ckuod out Uo
"J1M? ihvino;"
Irving went up to tbe prisoner and strnck Dowlev
alm?8' ft' Gie same moment,
?Give blin ben, the sou of t>?b the crowd womb
p9a?one<iown Fllteentli street, returned, Rd the
prisoner was rescued; Dow ley ran to the oddohiia
side of the street, lollowed by G^ghLAf and
Irving; I was struggling with the crowd aSd saw
KHWJXL to?m>otuall? attempting to escapm when
'bo affray was over 1 took Dowlev Into a drug store
in avenue li: lie was men in apparently a dviiiir con
2W J,l,ol(i Po"ceman ol tbe mauer, an5 he ^d
we should not nave got into Buch a crowd- 1 have
?i!"^ about four years and cannot be mls
to''?? J? Pis appearance; I sec hint now in Court
since ibis occurrence I have made efforts to find
Geogbegan, but have not lound blm. fl'he warr int
lor Sis arrest for violating the Action law wm
here read and identified.) iaw was
_ CBOS 8-EXAMINED.
,?V? started irom Ludlow Street Jail on the evening
n question and called at six places before reachinir
Geoghegan's saloon; possibly I drank two orthree
glasses of luger bier tfiat evening, but no strong
beverage; no caution was given to mo to koon from
'po much before proceeding to eflfect um
arrest of Geoghegan, nor was I advised t? tnirn
na??,?rtlif1?ulanl8'1131 wouU1 want tbem: 1 saw a man
if *ltzslaiori8 Just before tiie arrest, but I did
not recognize uny one one else up to that time: after
the crowd left the stoie O'Brien pointed out Ueozhe
gau, remarking, -'There is the man;'' ue??be
I SWEAtt FOSITIVELT
f4", Ifvlng on that occasion, and never ex.
pressed a doubt as to bis Identity; I do not reinem
tier seeing a carriage there, but O'Brien said
was in the store; Irving did not come mthf
5'fT? wbep Geoghegan called nlm and the crowd
Sime? 1)0*Iey g0t lne flr8t Wowhe ex
r Vi>AM A ^TED 6TATE8 MARSHAL;"
i ran for an officer named O'Neill to corns tn
his assistance; I am suro it was Irving wlio said
"lo hell with the United 8tat^ offlwr" no one
hei^S'Sjuro j!n(!ei'aOJr assJ8tauce to Oow'ley when
Derendaut's counsel offiered to give nroof thar a
8 prejudice on the part of the proseoutlon ex
i S^i?^ain9t '"a defendant. JTj to
allowed, as impeaching tnc creffibiiitv of the wit
Srr^/aSd01wX/Jf was
arrest, ana was delayed unnecessarily in the Mar.
Mr too purpose of degrading him.
j ERRBPONT replied tilAt tb6 evidence onlv
pointed to the lact that the prioner was a
gcrous man in the community. *"u,ou,'r w???*aan.
The Judge ruled out the offer of proof:
TESTIMONY OF LAWRENCE O'BBIS f, I
^1Tfenc.?.? Unen-sworm?^He testified:?I reside
8trec'' and am now In the employ of
Mar ha1 SUarpe; on the etb of November I went
with Deputy Marshals Dowtcy aud Berobard to ar.
wnntilS11, Geogheghu at bis store, oorner of Ftf
^U'b street and avenue B; I entoi'ed the store and
louud tl.at our man was inside, wmle my comnan.
ions remained on the outside: a coach drove ud anil
.Un*^SS",0W"-
,nhn "ht'hoxy of the man assaulted.
John nowiey, sworn?I am a United stnt?o
DepuijrMarshal, slnco 18o9; tbe warrant tnath.^
been oflterod In evidence was given to me to serve
on the 0th of November last; I Too* w?tn m/Tn
?'Bnen und Bern hard; in look
toff'pr Geoghegan we went to several places that I
mi l e? with us to Geoghegan's store a man I
named 1-itzslmons and another man, who?o name i
i lne Purl'os? or pNnt^o^oghe
M?oi/?? ih' a r S?ID0 delay we found Geoghegan
?hi. 1 went up lo htm and asked,
tof? Mr. ueoghegan y" he said --Tet, come In-."
said, l am a Un ted States Marshal and I have a
warrant ror your arrest: I would like "a to wine
along with me;" he said. -Hold on a minute I want
he eald!8 1 "Uu inside;" Then
im^iK,.0^,,BOV,8' AND 0IV? marshals hell;"
immediately after saying so he called out, -Jim
f'ujjrvitig;" at that call a man whom I suDnosed
u? th.'UP to m? snd said, "What
f 1 saK,? "I'bere Is notilng the
matter, I am a United States Marshal: I have a
warrant for this man's arrest;" as I said so I was as
sanlted: I exclaimed several times in a loud voice
I aui a United States Marshal;" how I got across
r?^"irn ef1 (,on't know; 1 was round lying en^my I
r?^ht Sh??t0ppo.sUe s,d?walk; I was stabbed Id the i
h/J i i i h and 'bcbiveti several wounds in the
i rf"3 into a drug siore and bad my
wounds dressed; was attended by physicians* there I
were altogether six wounds on my nead /The w,t
now pointed out a scar on hts tight cheek.) Geo
gbegan was rescued from mo aud I have not seen
film since; during tne assault tbere was sufflcifnt
light from tbe store and the lamps to enable me to
recognize anybody whom I ban ever slon tifrore!
At ''I1* "'nffe of the proceedings the court ad
journed until eleven o'clock this morning.
OLD HOMICIDE OASES.
No C lew to the Perpetrator*.
On Friday Coroner Young will take up tbe case of
John Mccauiey, the young man who was r&tally
BbotlnTnird avenue, near Forty-flfth street, cany
In September last, by a man who made his escape
at the time and has not yet been arrested, since
the occurrence, Captain Gunner, of the Nineteenth
precinct; Detective Hamilton and other members of
the force have been lu search of a man named
Murpny, suspected of being the murderer,
but have been unable to learn anvtbmg
concerning hltn. Murphy was employed
about one of the railroad depots. The In
vestigation has been thus long postponed to
give the police every opportuuliy to secure tne
assassin. Nothing now Is to be gained by longer
delay. Murphy, It Is thought, has left the country.
Coroner Young on Saturday will make an Investi
gation iu Die case of Joseph Schneider, the Ger
man who, while passing through Nctv Bowery,
nearly three months ago, with a basket of prctzelH
on Ids arm, was stabbed In the abdomen with a
knlielnthe bunds or a vicious boy named McGaw,
then living with bis master at No. 6 Vandewater
street. Schneider died soon afterwards from the
effects or the wound aud the youtbtul perpetrator
made hts escape. Captain Allaire, of the Fourth
precinct, has sluee been in search of McGaw, but
he cannot i e found. Tne latter, It is alleged, stole a
pretzel lront Schneider's basket, and, on being
remonstrated with, turned upon and plnuged the
blade of a knife Into Schneider's abdomen.
The Death of Lawyer New! Irk.
The remains of Mr. Azcl p. Newklrk, the lawyer,
who died in the Jefferson Market Prison, where be
bad been committed on a charge of larceny, have
been removed to the Morgue, where Wooster ileach,
M. P., will make a post-mortem examination, after
which coroner Keenan will hold an inquest on the
bony. Intemperance doubtless was the cause 01
death.
JERSEY CITY WATER SUPPLY.
Another Wuer Famine Averted?The Iteaer
volr Pipe* Cbaked wltk Ice.
Blnoe the water famine In Jersey City and Hobo
ken, about a year and a half ago, the residents of
those cities arc easily excited over any ap
pearance oi a diminution of the water
snppiy. On Tuesday night It was observed
In every quarter of Jersey City tbat
tne supply suddenly fell short. Reports were
made accordingly at tne office of the Hoard of Pub
lic Works yesterday morning and a gang or laborers
was ?ent to tbe Belleville reservoir. An exarulua
tiou oi the cunp.y pipes showed that the defect did
not he in ttls section. The pipes conveying the
water 10 the disti touting reservoir on Jersey City
Heights were examined and no flaw could
tic found therein. It was finally dis
covered that a mass of broken Ice which
collected on ihe surface of the reservoir was carried
against the screen protecting llie orifice of the main
wmch supplies the city, and almost completely shut
oil the suppiy. Hie ico was soon cleared away; but
as a srge quantity of ice had found Its way into
the pipe through the screen the free flow of tne
water was checked during the day. There 13 still
i a large supi ly of water la toe reservoir.
THE COURTS.
The Case of Jordan and Ryan?A Row Aaieta
ment Ordered in tha River Ada Park Litiga.
tion?Verdict Against the Third Avenue
Railroad Company?A Heavy Verdict
in the Blaok Friday Suit?Action
for the Lose of a Leg-Clearing
Off Day in General Seerione.
UNITED STATES SUPER! COURT.
A* Action Against the Government to Beiever
for Her vice# Rendered In Carry lag the
California Malls?Senator Morrill Contesting
for the Recovery of Laid In Western
Virginia.
Washington, D. C., Deo. 0, 1871.
No. 0. Qeorge Chorpenning vs. The United States?
Appeal from the Court or Claims.?This case Is la
miliar. The petition was hied in the Court below to
recover $170,870 87 alleged to be one the appellant
for services for carrying the malls in California be
tween the years 1851 and 1854 and payable to blm,
as claimed by virtue or the Act or Marcb a, 1857, tor
bis relief. The Court found that under the first sec
tion or the act the Postmaster General had the ex
clusive jurisdiction and authority to settle and
adjust the claim, and tnat naving made decision
and award thereon whicn was accepted by tho
claimant, the settlement was final and
conclusive upon the claimant; and the Court
of Claims had no authortty or Jurisdiction to hear
or determine the matter or to correct or change the
award of the Post Office Department. On appeal
lrom that decision the coso was brought here, where
it is now submitted on the printed brlels of the
government, maintaining the Judgment of the
Court below. No brief is filed lor the claimant.
Solicitor General Bristol and Assistant District At
torney for the government.
No. 10. Jame* Armstrong et at. vs. Lot M. Mor
rill?Error to tho District Court for the District of
West Virginia?This was an action of ejectment insti
tuted In 1857 by Lot M. Morrill (present Senator from
Maine) and others to recover a tract of 1,5JO acres
of land granted by the Commonwealth of Virginia
to Albert Gblia'.ln by patents bearing date loth of
February, 1840. in 1830 a verdict was rendered in
favor or Morrill for all tbe land, except as to lorty
acres covered by another patent. The questions on
tbe trial were as to the derivation of the title, and
the evidence was mostly documentary. Tho plain
tiffs here took exceptions to the ruung of the Court
In the admission of evidence, and tbe cause ts now
argued on the technical questions so raised. Messrs.
Smith A Evarts lor plaintiffs in error: George D.
Camden for defendant
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT.
Tba Can of Genernl* Jordan and Ryan.
Before Judge Benedict.
Tbe District Attorney said ne was ready in the
case of the United States vs. Thomas Jordan and in
tended to move it.
Mr. Phelps, for General Ryan, said he also was
ready.
The case was set down for Monday next after the
Miner trial.
In the case of the United States vs. William O'O.
Ryan the dclendant whs called but did not answer
and no counsel appeared for him.
Mr. Pt'ftDV?I move for the Issue of a bench war
rant.
The Court?Take the order.
The Erie Hallway Litigation.
The reference berore the Master, Mr. Kenneth O.
White, respecting tho shares of Erie Railway stock
claimed by Death and Raphael, the English share
holders, to be their property, was resumed yester
day. Mr. Southmnyd and Mr. Tweed appeared for
Death and Raphael, and Mr. Beach and Mr. Morgan
for the Erie Railway Company. A statement having
been made to the Master that the Erie Company
were expediting as last as possible the filling up of
the certificates, which are to be placed in lieu of
the certificates alleged to have been wrongrnlly de
tained by the Erie Company from Heath and Ra
phael, the reference was adjourned Tor a week. It
Is expected that at the next session before the Mas
ter all, or nearly all, of the certificates will be pro
duced, properly filled op, signed and stamped.
SUPREME COURT-SEWER II TER1.
A New Assessment To Be Made In the River
side Park Case.
Before Judges Ingraham. Barnard and Cardozo.
Tne opinion of the conrt In the matter of the Riv
erside Park assessment was delivered by Jnage In
graham. It will be remembered that an appeal was
made to this Conrt from the order of the Speolal
Term confirming the report or the Commissioners
of Estimate and Assessments. The leading objec
tion was that such a proceeding, wnen confirmed
by tne Special Term Is final, and that mere
could be no appeal to tho General Term.
The opinion recites a history of the case
which has already been ftilly given in the Herald,
and then, after cuing a large number of precedents
bearing upon the case, announces the decision or
the court to be that the objection was not well
taken, and mat tbe appeal must be sustained and
the order appealed from be set aside, fie says in
conclusion:?"It is to bo regretted tnat a new re
port cannot at once be made by the present Com
missioners, but as two ol them are away and can
not act In the matter U will be necessary
to send the caso to new Commissioners.
These will be named on settlement or the
order." Judgo Cardozo, though concurring in
the chief points of Judge lngrahain's decision pre
sents a partially dissenting opinion. De says? "1 con
car that the order Is appealable, as bearing on
that question, the case ol King vs. The Mayor, Ac.,
26 N. Y., 190 maybe added to the authorities re
ferred to Dy Judge mgranam. 1 also agree that tne
Conrt had not tne power to direct the Commis
sioners to estimate Uie damage at a sum which the
Judge fixed instead of leavlDg it to the Commis
sioners, and that lor that reason the order should be
reversed and the matter take the course suggested
by JudgeIngraham."
Ibe Cum ot .McNevlus, Okell and La ok up
Evii no.
In the cases of William H. McNevins, convicted of
murder, William Okell, convicted of receiving
stolen bonds, and "Lookup" Evans, convicted of
abortion, arguments were beard on appeaL The
facts In all tnese cases have oeen too frequently pub
lished to require repetition. Tne exceptions wcro
to portions of the evidence and portions of the
Judge's charges, and embraced outside oi this about
tne same lines ol argument as taken at tho respec
tive trials. The Court reserved its decision in each
case.
SUPREME COURT-GENERAL TERM.
Decisions.
By Judge Brady.
Roll inn ps. Mynagh Motion granted.
Goodenough el ai. vs. Manning.?Reference or
dered.
Jones r?. Bonendall.?Motion granted, $10 costs to
plaintiff to abide event.
Christy na. Haiveon.?I think the substitution
should be allowed on the payment ot $js.
Marsh us. Salomon el al.?Motion granted.
Uoyt el al. vs. Spraave et ai.?Case settled.
By Judge Cardozo.
In the Mat'er (\f the I'eUtlun oj Joseph Farrell.?
Order grunted and bonds approved.
Laura A. sanford et at. vs. l.ertva 8. White et
ah?Order of sale and judgment In petition grained.
SUPERIOR COURT-TRIAL TERM-PART I
Verdict Against the Third Avenue Railroad
Company.
Before Judge spencer.
Thomas Hamilton vs. Tlut Third Arenue, Railroad
Company.?in this case, the full parilcmars of
which have been published in the Herald, and
wnich. it will be remembered, was a suit lor ?&,oui
damages for King ejected from a Third avenue
railroad car, the jury gave yesterday a verdict of
$6oo for the plaintiff.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS-PART I.
The Black Friday Cnse?A Heavy Verdict.
Before Judge J. F. Daly.
Cameron vs. Derkheim, Cox and JCemmeys.?In
this casc, the trial of which lasted eight days, and
the particulars of which have already appeared In
the Herald, the lury brought in a sealed verdict lor
the plaintiff lor the sum of 02.
Aciiua for tbe Loss of a Leg?94,000
Awarded by ibe Jury.
John I'. McTerney vs. James Murphy and Hugh
Smith.?This case, which was partially tr.ed a
few weeks since, when tho facts appeared in the
Herald, was again tried yesterday, and resulted in
a verdict for plaintiff for ?4,0Oo damages for tne losa
of his leg bv being run over by one of the deieud
ants' stages on the lith of freptcinoer, 1884.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS?SPECIAL TE.M.
Decisions.
By Judge Robinson.
Laihqale, Administralix, el at., vs. Hoi kins et
ah?Judgment and foreciornrc sale for $4,466 no.
By Judge La rrernorc.
Lietmian ps. 8'*meru.? Kolerence ordered
kouthaci vs. cooper.?Name.
Hopper ps. Piynn.?game.
Kahar vs. Lowmsuht.?iSame.
Mock vs. Rock.?Same.
COURT OF GENERAL SEittONS.
Grand I#arrenles and Burg I.tries.
Before Judge Bedford.
There were a large number of cases disposed of
yesterday in the General Hesslone.
Michael Trainor and J homaa Dojie, charged with
burglariously entering tke premleea of Bmanoal
Strauss, No. T avenue D, on tbe $3d of November,
pleaded gulity to an attempt at burglary In tbe third
degree.
Mr. Fellows said that he could not convict them
of burglary.
Judge Bedford, la passing sentence, said:?The
Grand Jury nave inaicted you two men lor bur
glary In the third degree. The representative of tbe
people tells tbe Court, alter an examination of the
testimony, be bas concluded to take a plea of an
attempt, It being In law only an attempt to commit
that crime. Doyle, you are a professional thief aud
buglar, and upon you was found a "jimmy."
Traiuor. you are another tbier, and yon nod a
burglar's bag. 1 shall Bend each ol you to tbe State
Prison for the full limit?two years and alx months
at hard labor.
Danleld McDonald, wbo, on the eth of November
broke a showcase belonging to I'nilllp P. Meyer,
anu attempted to steal some silverware, pleaded
gutltv, and was sent to tbe Penitentiary for eighteen
months.
Henry Schmidt was convicted of an attempt at
grand larceny in stealing a coat valued at $50 from
George J. Baker, on the 14Ui of November, lie was
remauded lor sentence.
Michael McGinn was tried and convicted of steal
ing a wagon on the 26th of November, the property
oi Peter J. Bommer, corner of Tnirteenih street and
Fourth avenue. An ofUcer found the prisoner In
possession of the wagon at midnight. Tbe Jndge
postponed the sentence till Friday.
On the 28th of February a burglary waa committed
upon the lancy store of Hunt A Dusenbnry, In tbe
Astor House building, and $300 worth of property
stolen. William Maher (who bas escaped to Canada),
Lawrence Casey. John Casey and 1 lino thy Kelly,
youths, were arrested and charged with the crime.
Lawrence Casey and Timothy Kelly were Bent to tbe
House of Refuge and John Casey was discharged.
Henry DielTenbach pleaded guilty fo petty larceny
from the peison in stealing, on the 29iu of Novem
ber, $231rum Anna Burroughs. He was remanded
for sentence.
John Gieason and Stephen Deedy, youths, pleaded
guilty to an attempt at burglaiy In the third degree,
the charge being that they entered the grocery store
of Henry Kenny on the 3ist or October aud stole $17.
They were each sent to tbo Penitentiary for two
years.
Thomas McCormlck. who, on the 23d of November,
stole a box of tea valued at $40, the property or
Herman Schuit, pleaded guilty to an attempt at lar*
ceny. He was sent to the Penitentiary for one
year.
James McAllister pleaded guilty to aa attempt at
grand larceny. He waa indicted for stealing cloth
ing, a olauket and a sleigh robe, valued at 120, on
the 20th of November, the property of ilonora
Crowley, 165 West Forty-third street.
Judge Bedford, In sentencing tne prisoner, said
be was a bold sny&k thief, ana he would senieuce
him to the state Prison tor two years and six
months.
ACQUITTALS.
Thomas Smith was tried upon a charge of steal
ing a gold watch irom Charles Burke while dozing
in a liquor saloon on the 2d of October. Tbe evi
dence was circumstantial, and tbe Jury, believing It
to be lnsuittcient to convict him, rendered a verdict
of not guilty. Tbe Judge said to the prisoner upon
the rendition ol the verdict:?You may well laugn;
the jury made a great mistake; 1 know all about
yon; you have been out ol the State prison eight
mouths. The next time you come here the Dlstrlot
Attorney will convict yon.
James Burgess and Henry Johnson were acquitted
of a charge or larceny from the person, ihe com
plainant being Gerhart Mathewson, whose watch
was taken white riding upon a Third avenue car on
the 24th of October. The defendants were standing
upon the rear platform, which was crowded, ana
the compialuaut felt the accused pressing against
htm. They Jumped off tho car and were imme
diately arrested, but the watch was not found.
it Is understood that Recorder Uacxett will pre
sldo during tbe remainder of the montu and relieve
Judge Bediord, who, since the commencement of
the term, bas disposed of nearly one hundred and
forty cases, which is an extraordinary month's
work.
COURT CALENDARS-THIS DAf.
Supreme Court?Chambers?Held by Judge Car
dozo.?Nos. 20, 33. 41, 42, 55, 80, 8'J, 91, 98, 101, 102.
Special Term?Held by judge Barnard.?Nos. 83, 84,
80, 87. 88, 89, 90, 01, 92, 93, 94, 95, 90, 97, 98, 99, 100,
101, 102, 103, 104, 105. 100, 107, 108. 109, 110, 111, 112,
113. circuit?Part 1?Held by Judge Van Brunt?
NOS. 19), 109, 039, 323, 8, 636, 019, 081, 683, 688>4, 685,
687, 093, 097. 099; 703, 705, 707, 709, 713. Part 2?Held
by Judge Brady.?Nos. 842.iL 834, 562, 042, 1022,
1024, 1474, 802, 890, 400, 2422, 26, 290, 270, 410, 412,
414. 28, 842, 410.
Superior court?Trial Term?Part 1?Held by
Judge Mouelt?Nos. 749, 979, 274, 905, 539, 808, 47,
545, 737, 408, 915, 1386, 64s, 1143, 1186. Part 2?Held
by Judge Spencer.? case on.
Common Pleas?General Term?Held by Chief
Justice Daly and Judges Robinson and Loew.?Nos.
72, 42, 45, 51, 03, 80, 94.
Common Pleas?Trial Term?Part 1?Held by
Judge J. F. Daly.?NOS. 1047, 845, 1103, 393, 1027. 727,
040, 947, 1136, 1801, 870, 1023, 08, 192, 614, 882, 408,
407, 1130, 772, 351, 172, 998, 1048, 1084.
Marine Oourt?Trial Term?Part 1?Held by
Judge Alker.? NOS. 7809, 7418, 6240, 7422, 7052, 0724,
7016, 7180, 7303, 7461, 7430, 7464. Part 2?Held by
Judge Shea.?Nos. 7127, 3181, 7331. 6093. 0288, 7046,
7020, 7048, 7200, 7354, 6570, 7420, 7421, 7462. Part 3?
Held by Judge Joachlmsen.?Nos. 8135, 7971, 7971%,
8264, 8266, 8207, 8203, 8209.
BROOKLYN COURTS.
UNITED STATES COUNTS.
No Regular Cti leader? Return* of Process.
Before Judge Benedict.
The December term of the Circuit and District
opened yesterday, when Judge Benedict Bald that
no regular calendar would be called this month, as
be would be compelled to hold Circuit in New York,
in consequence ot the absence or Judge Woodruff.
Judge Benedict, however, for the purpose of hearing
motions, will be la attendance lu Brooklyn every
morning until ten o'clock, save on Saturdays.
In the District Court return or process was made
In the case of ueury W. Race and others ngalnst
9,681 dry ox and cow hides. The property was at
tached and claimant allowed a week to file an an
lte'tnrn of process was mado In the case or the
United Mates against Ave packages or distilled
spirits. No claimant appeared, and the property
was condemned and ordered to be sold.
SUPREME COURT ?SPECIAL TERM.
An Oflnl Row.
llerore Judge Pratt.
Joseph A. Holler and Others v.*. Edward Clark.?
The plaintiffs In this case are sugar refiners, doing
business in tno Eastern District, and they bring ac
tion to restraiu the defendant, who has a contract
with the city to remove the offal of that district,
from placing offal or otner offensive substance on
the dock at the loot of Division avenue. They like
wise sue to recover damages In the sum or $20,000
for injuries alleged to have been done their business.
Judge uilbert had previously granted a temporary
Injunction, and yesterday the case came up berore
Juuge Pratt on the motion of Mr. E. T. Wood, plain
tiff's counsel, to have the Injunction made nerma
neut. Counsel submitted affidavits showing that
tne immediate vicinity of the dock is thickly
populated, that there were rehneries and other
lactones running there night and day, and
that the depositing of tne offal ut the dock was very I
detrimental to the health of ail ubout there, lie
held that it was the auty of the city ana the Board
oi Health to see that such a nuisance did not exist
in such a thickly populated neighborhood, and that
It was their duty to have the oQal removed through i
the least offensive channel.
Mr. l>. P. Barnard. ror the defendant, argued
that Clark was not responsible, aud, in support of
this argument, submitted the agreement, oeiween
Clark and tho city and the order oi the Health
Board that this dock should be used. Mr. Barnard
argued further that tne Court had no power to say
to what part of the city the offal should be removed, I
bnt that It could only compel the defendant to do i
his work properly, tie stated that the South sixth
street dock had been used during tho temporary in-
junction, and that a similar injunction was about to
be applied /or to prevent the use of ilia'.
corporation Counsel Dx Witt sai l that If the city
was not permitted to remove tne offal to lighters at 1
the Division avenue dock, which is the only one 1
they (the city) control, the offal must lay in tho j
street. He thought that tno rennery and distillery
lu the neighimrhoou were as great a nuisance as I
tne dead animals on the dock.
Judge Pian decided to dissolve the Injunction
during the pendency of the suit.
CITY COURT.
Sent to ibe Penitentiary for Keeping n Die
orderly donee.
Before Judge McCne.
Madame St. Clair and Alfred St. Clair, her bus
I and, were tried yesterday lor keeping a disorderly
bouse at No. 42 meet street. Numeroue complaints
having been mane against the house by parties in
the vicinity Sergeant Van Wagner, of tne detective
force, aud a squad ol his men made a descent
ou tno uigut of the 23d ot November and
arrested the St. ciairs and several men and women
whom they round there. This house was frequently
visited by married men and women, some ol whom
moved la the best circles of society; and one wit.
ncss testified yesterday that he had seen married
men go there and their wives follow later to see If
they could flnu them there.
The defence uenied that the house was a disor
derly one, and several witnesses were examined
who lived In the vicinity, and who swore that they
never saw anything wrong about tno house.
Tho jury, however, convicted the prisoners, and
Judge Mct'ue sentenced each of them to tho Peni
tentiary for six months. Madame Ml. Clair burst
luto tears upon receiving the sentence.
BROOKLYN COURT CALENDAR.
C'lTT Court.?Nos. 68, 31, 33, 34. 38, 61, 66, 67, 67,
102, 134, 138, 143. 144, 147, 161, 101, ll>2, 11)8, 211, 233,
317, 334. Criminal Branch?Trial of alleged election
frauds.
COUNT Of APPEALS.
aT.hant, N. Y., Dec. 0,1871.
The following Is the Court ol Appeals day calen
dar lor December 7:?Noe. 424, 324, 874, 441, 442, 411,
aw, 416,
TBI TODS COURT.
A Dull Dtr?Rtkberiri from the Penes.
Judge Hogan presided at Uie Tombs Police Coart
yesterday and bad before him the osaal number of
blear-eyed vagrants and petty oOCnders. The pro
ceedings of the day were barren of Incidents of an
Interesting character, with the exception of throe
cases or larceny.
SOBBING A FELLOW LODGER.
Jobs Mnlien and William a. Aughtenson are lel
low boarders at the house of Mrs. E. Oummerforl,
No. 307 Pearl street, and both appeared before the
Judgo, the former as a prosecutor, the latter as
a prisoner. Mullen charges that on the 1st
instant, at one o'clock P. M., he left In his trunk $60
in cash and a gold cnaln worth $25, and on return
tog home at Aye P. M. discovered it had taken I ts
departure. Aughiernon being charged with the of
fence, denied being In tbe house between one and
four o'clock, whereas the landlady and Joseph Ken
drick swear he was In It. Mrs. uummerfort also
foond in William's valise, five days afterward, a key
that fits the look of Mullen's trunk. Aughternon
was committed in default of $1,000 ball, the evidence
being ratner strong against him.
FLEECING A C Ell 11 AN.
Caspar Ftelteber, a Hudson street butcher, met In
the Fourth ward ou Tuesday Louis Demelert. of 475
l>?ca?Q? very loquacious and officious,
and finally invited him to sume over ihe counter of
Rr,?kk?rT *o. l H New ensmbers street. While
tne two gentlemen of bibulous proclivities were par
taking 01 their liquids Louis asserts tnat caspor
robbed him of $20 and a $2osilver watch that were lu
his coat pocket. On being cnarged with the offeuco
before the Court the accused cniered a plea of not
guilty, and waa held In $600 ball to answer.
W A K0BALI8T FLEECED.
Michael Kennedy, from the country, who is now a
boarder at the Bouse of Detention, yesterday met a
podler named Klchara Harking, of 131 Baxter street.
S,^L?.ln^L1Uia tt,m ml? an underground crib to drink;
"hlle there Michael missed $20 from his pocnet, ac
cused Uarklns ol the robbery, was knocked down
for ms impertinence; but Officer Ely came to iho
rescue and arrested the pedler, who was held in
$1,000 lor trial.
CONFESSION OF A NEGRO MUR
DERER.
The Crime Committed Nearly Two Years mad
a Half Ago.
{From the Springfield (Ohloi Advertiser, Dec. 2.1
It is so ordered In the economy of man that
crime cannot ue concealed forever. Years slip
away and me deed is knowu only to Ood ana tho
perpetrator, and, when the ettorts of the authorities
have been In vain, men remorse ot conscience be
gins Us work and tbe deed is revealed by confes
sion. in me case wblcn we are about to relate It
seemed so Improbable that a confession would bo
made that when lniormation was placed before the
Grand Jury or Clarke county, based upon tne con
fession of the Individual who is mentioned here, tbe
said Jury would not return a true bill. Further par
ticulars lead 10 the belief that the following are
facts, and establish beyond doubt that the murderer
of Mrs. Urmsbce is discovered:?
sheriff co.Uu, at the Ohio State Fenitentlary, yes
terday. received tho confession of a negro who de
clared himself the murderer 01 Mrs. Orwsbec. on the
14th ol July, 166J.
Onr citizens will remember thl3 rearful tragedy.
A bright summer morning the city was startled with
the news that a widow ladv had been shot dead lu
her house in broad daylight, and that the cold
blooded villain, alter committing the dastardly
deod. bud walked a short distance from the house,
stopped under a tree, looked back at tne house and
then turned again and coolly walked off. T110 par
ticulars of the murder are about as follows:?The
family In tho house on tho night of the 13th of July,
was Mrs. Barnett, an aged widow lady, about
seventy years old, her daughter, Mre. B. A. Oruis
bee, also a widow, aged forty-three, two sons of Mrs.
Ormsuee, Benjamin and Uichard.
On Tuesday night, July 1>, lb go, Mrs. Barnett and
Mrs. Ormsbee slept in the bedroom ou the lirst floor
and the two boys slept in a room up stairs. In the
morning Mrs. Ormsuee rose, as usual, at about naif
past four o'clock, and stepped In ner night dress
irom the bedroom into mo dining room. Her
mother, who was awake, but still In bed, made
some remark about the household arrangements as
I she passed out of the room. A moment elapsed,
when suddenly Mrs. Ormabeo was heard to scream. A
snot Instantly followed, aud Mrs, Ormbee exclaimed.
"Oh mother 1" Mrs. Barnett ana Mrs. Ormsbee's son.
Benjamin, immediately rushed to the spot, tbe lat
ter rrom the room up stairs. Benjamin reached the
window in time to see a man aooat twenty paces
distant irom the house walking away. As the bov
looked out the man turned, gazed at the window
where Mrs. Ormsbee lay dead, and ihen turned aud
walked away, going uortn u short, distance, then
turning west turougb a potato patch ana going
towards Warder s woods.
It is well known thut great effort was made to
secure the murderer, that rewards wore offered aud
detectives secured to bring the perpetrator to Jus
ttce. suspicion fell upon ueury Ormsbee, a stepson
01 Mrs. Ormsbea, who res.ded in cyuthlaua. Ken
tucky. and William Scott. of this city, was sent
tnere to ascertain the truth about the matter, llo
found that Ue had not left tho place where he had
been working at the time ibo murder was com
mitted, since the 6tn of July, and bcuce conld not
nave been in mis city at the time. A clear and un
mistakable alibi was ascertained in this case. 8tart
hug conjectures were started irom time to time,
but the evidence was fragmentary and scarcely tan
gible. B. H. Warder secured a detective at his own
expense to ferret out the murderers. During last
spring some intelligence came to the Prose
cuting Attorney and Sheriff, which pointed
In an entirely different direction. It was
believed that a colored man had done the
deed, and Sheriff Coffin was enabled to obtain
irom some colored people in SoUfh Charleston frag
ments of a confession which had been ma *e by a
colored man to them. Tno Sheriff endeavored to se
cure mis colored man, but was unable to do so, as
he was or a roving disposition and remaiued but a
abort time In ono place.
"me ago worn was sent to the Sheriff from
the Penlieuttary that a man was Imprisoned there
who had sometning of importance to oommnnlcate.
The sheriff was at tne Penitentiary yesterday deliv
ering over to tho Warden Matthew Carlos and Wii
Ham Gibbons, lound guilty or burglary. While there
he ceded the attention of the Warden to the word
he had received, and asked to see a colored man
named Cileries Bell. The Warden complied with
his request, and brought out a young colored man.
??.e<L"??ut twent' yea", very brownln color, heavy
thick Bps and beastly features; bts short
woolly hair coming down over nis forehead nearly
tne dgher'virtues.1* ?Ut ldcaof o,
In accordance with tho desire of the Sheriff the
negro, who gave his name as Charles Bell, began
his conlesslon, wluch was heard by Sheriff Coffin,
Deputy sheriff Boggsjand the Warden.
_ CONFESSION.
Be began by saying that he and a wldtc man,
whose name be did not know, but who was lu the
habit or loafing about the Western House, had heard
that Mrs. Ormsbee had received $600 and had It in
the house that night. They tnerefore contrived a
plan of robbing her of iu Ttiej waited until about
Line o clock ut night, and tucn. after drinking con
siderable, started on their way to ner residence.
They arrived there about ten o'clock but
found that the lamiiy were still up, as a
light was burning In the house. 80 they went
over to Greenmount cemetery. There they laid
down to wait a few hours until they could
proceed with greater safety. Overcome, however,
by the liquor they had drank, they fell asleep, ami
Bell said that when lie awoke It was dayllgut and
the chickens were crowing. They then arose and
proceeded quietly to the huuso, which they entered
(?l.u tho window onthe 'J0'? side of tnenousc.
winch thev propped open with a stick of wood!
1 hey passed through the house without awakening
the inmates, but after ransacking the rooms iliey
were ttuuble to find the money. The necro had
readied the lower room when he was "tartied by
tho appearance of Mrs. Ormsbee, who had arisen In
accoidaucc with her usual custom. He endeavored
to make his escape and had reached the window
when she caught tilm by the arm as if to
detain him. when he raised a pistol and fired
it. 8I10 loll oean immediately at tne winnow.
He said he ?vas so frightened when she caugnt
hlni by the arm, and feared that the inmates
of me house might capture liliu, that he killed her to
prevent her from detaining him. 110 then walkod
out 111 the orchard and stopped under a peaen
tree, looked back to see If any ono was stir
ring and then turned and proceeded northward to
the National rood, lie saw several persons in the
road, but ihey did not attempt to halt him. The
wmte man who was with him ran out around the
northern corner of the hou-e and passed out of the
yard on the oast side. Bell says lie has never seen
or heard anything of liiin since that lime. Bell
came to town that day and got drunk, and before
many hours found htinscif in the station honso lor
disorderly conduct. Ho was Confined more for some
time, alt hough the authorities mtie suspected thai
they had a murderer arrested. At length tno
Mayor told Hell that If ho would leave tho
town he would release him. tie made
the promise and was released. Ho went irom
J??""! Charleston, where he told some colored
friends of tne murder and lit* share in it; went to
Columbus, where he stole a horse, and wont to a
Bin all town in MaiIihou county, where be broke luto
a store; was arrested, lound guilt.'and sent to tho
Pomumilary for the term of sixteen years for grand
larceny.
.Jin hH''i a nat,ro or Kentucky, and had I
been herd about a year. The pistol with which ho
had com nut led the deed ol blood had been given 1
to niin by a colored man of this place by the name
Of ueorgc Brown. Hell staled that he wanted to
make this confession because he did not leel right
sinco he had done it; it hung heavily upon nis con
bcieuce aud lie thought he would luel better If be
should unburflen himself to the authorities.
Sheriff Lortto mid that he noscribed the premises
with precision, and is without doubt the cold
blooded, heartless murderer ol Mrs. ormsbee.
AID FOB THE CHICAGO &UFFERER9.
In yesterday's IIkiuld It wan announced that the
sum or ?1,420 16 "had been remitted by the London
Corn Trade through Messrs. llowiand and Aspin
wall, of this city, for the relief or tho Western flro
victims." ft should have read, "had been remlt
lhe Condon Corn Trade, through Messrs.
liowland A Aapinwull, to ine President oi the Prod
uce Exchange of this city," Ao.
PRIZE FIGHTERS IN COURT'
Edwards and Collins Bronght Dp on Habeai
Corpus and Direhorgtd from Custody.
Argument of Counsel and Judge
Ingraliam's Decision.
There was rejoicing yesterday among the mends off
the two noted pugilists, Billy Edwards and Tim Col
lins, over their release from the rather inhospitable
Island where they had been vegetating for aoue
months past, by sentence of Judge Dowilog, in the
Speolal Sessions, who sent them np there Imme
diately after their little fisticuff exhibition on Long
Island. It will be recollected that the two gladia
tors were sentenced to the island for twelve months
each and to a pay a fine of $1,000.
Their counsel, Mr. W. P. Howe, has been unceas
ing in his efforts to secure their release, and argued
in an appeal by certiorari that tbere was no proof
that
THE rWZK FIGHT
in which Collins and Edwards are alleged to have
appeared as principals nad oeen set on fool or
arranged In this city or county; the only proof to
that effect being that other persons were driven 111
a carriage from New York to the place where the
prize fight took place; that, therefore, there was no
jurisdiction in the County or City Court, and, sec
ond, that one Judge could not, sitting alone, oonylct
at the Court of special Sessions.
judges Ingraham and Barnard, sitting m General
Term 01 the Supreme Court, having announced
their readiness to listen to argument of counsoi In
criminal cases, District Attorney Sullivan rose and
statea that he was ready to proceed with the oase of
iho certiorari of Collins and Edwards, convicted In
the Court of special Sessions, before Judge Dowllag,
for Drue fighting.
Mr. Howe, counsel for toe mutual friends, so
late hostile combatants, having with bis usual
ponderous sangfroid, got upon his legs, proceeded
to address the Court in support of the points railed
by blm on behalf of his clients, and accordion to
which. as he contended, they were illegally hold In
custody. He first catlod the attention of the Court to
the various statutes orgnnl/.liig tne Special Sessions
at which they had been convicted, elaborating upon
the jurisdiction of that Court lu criminal casos. Mr.
Howe contended that all tho evidence developed
against his clients to prove that any offence was
committed by tbein was that of a witness who
showed the misdemeanor or which they had been
convicted to havo been committed In Queens
county, L. f.. which made it clearly apparent thai
the Court of special Sessions of the city aud oounty
of New York had no jurisdiction to try or convtoi
them, and upon this state of tacts he called for a re
versal of the decision or that Court.
Assistant District Attornev Sullivan contended
tnat the fight was set on toot here, and claimed that
tho Court of Special sc stons had full power to act
as It did. aud that Collins and Edwards should
be compelled to serve out their one rear's sentence
and also pay the fine of $1,000 imposed nponthem
by the Court of Special Sessions.
The Justices then deliberated and Justice Ingia.
ham proceeded to deliver his ontnion.
The Court held that Mr. Howe's point was wett
taken, and that the conviction was illegal, and that
the prisoners should not have been held a day on
such a conviction. It was, therefore, unanimously
reversed.
Mr. Howe tnen banded up his writ of habeas cor
pus, and asked that Edwards and Collins be Imme
diately discharged from custody.
This motion was also gi anted, and the
I'RIZB FIGHTERS LIS IT THE COURT ROOM FRM
MEN.
They grasped their counsel by the hand and
thanked him for bis diligence and success, and alsot
alter being congratulated by their numerous trleuds.
fervently praised Harry Hill for the interest he had
taaen In their behalf. They both vow never agalft
to enter tne prize ring.
When the devil wai ilek tbe devil a Mint would be;
When tbe devil wu well tbe devil e Mint waa be.
BROOKLYN AFFAIRS.
Flro on Shipboard.
A fire broke oat on board the ship Pearl of India,
lying at the docks of tho Empire Stores, foot ol
Main street, shortly arter four o'clock yesterday
morning. The captain of the vessel, Danran John
son, states that he was awaked in his stateroom, off
the after cabin, by suffocation, bat cannot acconnl
for tho origin of the fire. Henry Ferguson A Co., of
Greenock, Scotland, are the owners of the vessel,
and E. E. Morgan A Sons the agents. The Fire
Department waa prompt lu arriving on tne scene of
action, and tbrougn their exertions the ship was
saved rrom total destruction, The loss is estimated
at about threo thousand dollars, of which amonnl
the captain and first officer lose $1,000 in clothing
and hooks.
I)mill* During the Week.
There were 148 deaths in Brooklyn last week,
Doing a decroaae or 34 as compared with tne pre
ceding week. Of the dcccaaod 41 were men, 34
women, 4? boys and 38 girla; 21 were under IS
months, and 11 were between the ages or no and 80
years, while 2 were upward of four score rears: 97
were natives of the Onited states, 24 of Ireland, 17 of
Germany, 7 of England, 2 of Nova Scotia, 1 of Scot
land and Newfoundland respectively. The caosea
or death enumerated are as follows:?smallpox,
6; croup, 13; consumption and diseascaof brain, 17;
scarlatina, 6; debility, 3; apoplexy. 3; marasmus,
8; whooping cough aua dLsoase of kidneys, 4 each;
disease or liver, old age, dropsy, cancer, laryngllla
nud erysipelas, 2 each; typhoid fever and scrofula.
2 each; convulsions, ll; pneumonia, 17; disease of
heart, 4; pyemia, dysentery, remittent fever,
tetanus, peritonitis, suicide, rheumatism, pleurisy.
Injuries, 1 each. The highest aenth rate was
attained In the Sixteenth ward, where the number
was nineteen; there was only one death in tba
First ward.
An Immoral (Ifleer Dropped.
Thomas Johnson, a patrolman or the Third prm
clnot police, waa yesterday summarily dismissed
from the department by tuo Police Commissioners;
and It served blm right. The aoeosed, who Is
marrlea man and the rather or a family of grows
up children, was oharged with immoral contrast;
wnich could not certainly aid lu enhancing the
moral status of the force with which he has been
for some time past coouocted. The complaint was
that s lew mornings ago, while patrolling Union
street, he was accosted by a woman named County>
who solicited money to help her to maintain a child,
of which he should be the natural guardian. Ho
kicked and knouked her tlowu. She screamed ana
scratched his face, aud he took her into custody,
alleging that she was intoxicated. The following
morning Captain Ferry, learning "the situation,"
preferred charges against oillcer Johnson. It waa
anowu on the trial that Thomas Johnson had main
tained au Illicit intimacy with too untortunaie wo
man, by whom be has two children, lie insisted that
Miss Oonrov was intoxicated at the time he took
her into custody, but this assertion was disproved.
Police 1'iitilahmenr,
Fergeant Dobbin, of the Third precinct police;
who was charged by citizen John F. Montrose witb
"disobedience of orders," In refusing to allow htm
to be present at the canvassing of the votes cast at
the polllug place of the sixth district of the Sixth
ward on eleciloii day, was yesterday sentenced. The
decision of tho Board of Police Commissioners la
that "every person has a right to be present at the
cauvossing or tho votes aa long as they behave in a
poaceablo and ordeny manner, aud tho police
are bound to protect them. It was not
shown in tbe evidence that Mr. Montroae waa oe
haviog In other than a peaceable and orderly
manner whou he asked Dobbin, at tho closing of
the polia, to bo allowed to eater and wltnoas the
canvassing of the votes. The sergeant's excuse of
explanation, that ho did so In ordtr to a low the
inspectors an opportunity to arrange then table and
boxes, ami that as soon as that was done he let the
gentleman in, would seem to Indicate that ho aa
sumod very much more responsibility than he had
nnv right to do, and acted m a manner directlv con
trary lo the rales of the department, and the Board
then reprimanded bergeant Dobbin, and lined liun
seven day's pay.
DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN WILLIAMSBU HO.
Destruction of Tenement Houses and K#fts?
rles?Several Families Rendered Homeless?
bow Over S'JO.OOO.
Yesterday morning, at abont four o'clock, an ex
tensive conflagration occurred in Williamsburg, by
wutch several poor families were rendered home
less and much property dcatro/ed. TUe scene of
the Are was on tho block hounded by Moutiosa aud
Johnstono avenues nnd F.wen and Leonard streets.
Tho property destroyed Include* thrw frame bodW~
lugs, located ou tMe lois lu rear of Montrose
ami lour story brick front tenements. All oi those
structures wore owned by Mr. Jacob Kclfu, with
the excopliou of ono of tno frame tencnionts,
ownod by A. Heswatd; The lire originated In
ouo or the? ear buildings, which was used au asboa
factory by Mr. George Kumpf, aud spread with
great rapidity to the udjoiuiug premise-, Mr.
Keller's ions amount" to on which there la
aa tneuriiaco ol *i7,"Oo, in iho Continental, Wll
liumsbarg City And llamuoldt Fire Insurance Com
panion. Mr. Neswuids lost waa $1,000, on which
there Is no Insurance.
The devastation oi the strucinros was complete;
ami twenty poor lam Uses, nu uirerlng over oiio Hun
dred persons, lud barely Uruo to escape, and loal
almostuu their meets. Notwithstanding the obsta
cles presented by no extreme coldness of tha
weather me Fire Department suococded in arveat
isg tho progre-w of too flames, uad prevented whal
might hare become r wide spread conflagration.