-ve 1
The Spy should have the eye of Argus: he is
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCESTER
thvkmday. November a. wi.
Mi. William M. Evarts’ services are in de
mand just now for a singular variety of em
ployments. Mr. O’Conor asks his aid in prose
cuting the municipal thieves; be is nominated
for both the senate and the assembly Brigham
Young wishes to retain him for the defence in
the very urgent proceedings against the Mormon
prophet for murder and other offences; the
I'nited States claim bis advocacy before the in
ternational tribunal at Geneva, and now, while
he is beset bv these distracting demands, comes
Mrs. Josephine Mansfield Lawler, with perhaps
half a dozen other aliases, and asks that he
should act as umpire in her quarrel with the no
torious Fisk, Jr.
An almost incredible statement comes from
Washington, bcs.de which the stories of un
quiet ghosts, and petrified giants, in which
some of our western exchanges indulge, and even
the late veracious account of terrestial disturb
ances in Florida, are easy of belief. Only our
implicit confidence in the postmaster general
enables us to believe that for some of the offices
which he has to fill there is a scarcity of ap
plicants. He positively asserts on his official
responsibility, ami we arc compelled to believe
him, that much annoyance is occasioned in his
department by the resignation of postmasters
at the rate of twenty or thirty a day, where
nol>ody can be induced to accept the official
honors. Many offices have actually been dis
continued for the want of office seekers. There
is not thought to be much danger of the gen
eral work of the post office being seriously
crippled from that cause.
How much of truth there was in the reported
alliance between the English peers and the work
ingmen is not yet clear. Later news from Eng
land shows that the statements originally made
weie at least premature, but it is equally certain
that they were not without some foundation in
fact. Sir Stafford Northcote, one of the alleged
signers of the treaty, writes to an English paper
as follows:
“None of the noblemen or gentlemen whose
names have lately been brought under public
notice have signed, or in any way intimated
their agreement with, any of the resolutions
which have been published, or any resolutions
at all; nor has any meeting taken place between
them and any council or body of working men.
Ail that has passed, so far as I am aware, is
that some peers and members ot parliament
have expressed their willingness to consider any
suggestion lor legislation on questions aflec'ing
the util being cf the working classes, and to
discu s i: kt,, in a friendly spirit. No such sug
gt- vt r, have as yet been made in a
foiai <>i consideration.”
'I. Salisbury makes a similar dc-
nia does the marquis of Lorne. The
Lun y m.lent of the Tribune says it is
believe i tu. bargain, if there was any, is com
pletely broken off. The workingmen, from
whom the story originally came, were probably
deceived by some disingenuous or over-sanguine
go-between, and Mr. Scott Russell mentioned as
likely to have misled them. The affair, has been
the political sensation of the season in England.
The democratic state committee of New York,
of which Mr. Tilden is chairman, have issued
an address to the voters of the state “denounc
ing local corruption in general terms, and fed
eral usurpation more strongly/’ so the tele
graph informs us this morning. Nasby, in his
account of the late democratic state convention,
represents Tweed as advising just this course.
N Baby’s report says:
“Wouldn't it be well enough,” sed Tweed,
with a smile still more bland than the first,
“wouldn't it be well enough to put in a resol u
shion denoncing corrupshen in general terms,
nv course, specify in partikelery, however, the
especial corrupshen uv the the nashnel gov
ernment, ami that uv states which is under radi
kal rontio)?’
The sublimity uv sich a sejestion comin from
Tweed struck the chairman all uv a heap.
“Certainly, 1 will, cf yoo wish it,” sed he,
“hut I sp' sed—that is, my idea wuz —in a gen
eral way, you know, that the least said about
corrupshun, in view uv—well, 1 am jist now
holding a place wich pays suthin like ten thou,—
but never mind, R slid he done.”
“I’hen agin/' sed Tweed, smilin still blander
and with the faintest sejestion uv a wink in his
left eye, “I would sejest that you pledge the
democratic party to a honest and economical
expenditoor of the publick funds.”
I'he chairman turned pail with surprise, but
be concluded. “Everybody coincides with
Tweed.”
“And while yoo are at it,” continued the great
chieftain with a smile, the blandnis uv which
can’t tie described, “yoohad better put in a res
olooshen denounsin the profligacy uv matters
in Noo York city, but makin it, mind yoo, cz
rhe legitimate result uv radical legislashen four
years ago. Draw up this rcsoiooshen so
ez to make it plain that its me yoor drivin at,
without exactly namin me.”
“Why wat slid wc—”
“Don’t go <m, my friend,” sod Tweed, smilin
a snide which for blandnis excelled the most d<-
li cions Joon morning, “its much better to hev
the corrupshen denounced by us than by the
enemy, particularly cz we know more definitely
about it. Andi would sejest that you hev a
resolooshun boldly challengin a comparison be
tween the republican and democratic adminis
tration uv th state and city governments; and
(here he smiled with a blandnis that wuz heven
ly, cz be fingered a most gigantic diamond on
the little finger uv his left hand an 1 sipped a
glass of champagne) any little thing wich you
kin throw in ez to the necessity uv a return to
the simplicity uv our Puritan lathers, woold be
well.”
Letter from Washington.
|Flt<)M OUR REGULAR CORRESPONDENT.J
Washington. D. C., Oct. 81,1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL SEASON—WHAT IS EX-
PECTED.
•Socially, Washington promises to be re
markably gay. I believe that this is almost
always the case with the winter immediately
preceding a presidential campaign. But be
sides this tendency, the growth of the federal
city, as a pleasant winter resort, has been so re
markable since the war closed, that it becomes
more and more frequented by holiday visitors
and persons of means. 1 hear of a great many
persons who will remain all through the win
ter, among them several foreigners of dis inc
tion.
1 here is another reason for the gayety expect
ed during the next four or five months, ami
that is rhe tact that so man}’ of our public men
hav me h ustholdeis here. The rise of
I” the influx of capital and the
continual impn v< incuts, have induced many of
the shrewder -i uaiors and representatives, who
were j. sonably sure of their seats, to invest
here. This in part accounts for another fact,
which is becoming so frequent as to be note
worthy. I mean the number of ex-congressinrn
who remain in Washington, entering into busi
ness, professional or otherwise. That reminds
me that 1 have often thought it would be worth
while to examine into the curious varieties of
h’gal business that flourish hereabouts. But 1
meant more especially to note that public men
were liecoming residents here, and the large
population that was left after the war, cither by
necessity r choice, and who have since vege
tated at hotels and boarding houses, are now
settling down to home life, buying or renting
dwellings, and beg’.uuing to live in
some other fashion than that of
a caravanserai. Washington had a pecu
liar life of its own before the war. During
it there was little beyond a huge camp, depot
ami center of intrigue, military and political.
Now, however, wc are emerging into a stvlc of
living of attractive character. True, we are now
only emerging, and, from the tremendous debris
which our l*oard of public works have thrown
the attempt is a good deal of a struggle. There
arc miles of pavements, wood, cobble, asphal
tum and macadam, now being made; grades
arc being cut down in all directions, leagues of
sewers, water and gas pipes are being dug and
laid, steam stone-mushers and rolleis thunder
ing away, and pitch boilers arc smoking and
scenting the atmosphere in every diiection. It
is claimed that buildings to the value of two
millions have been erected during the last ten
months. 1 here will be millions expended at
the rale al which the “ring/* as our board of
public works is styled by its antagonists, is
proceeding.
CONGRESSIONAL HOUSEKEEPERS.
Q ilte a number of senators have handsome
fe»dcnces. Among those who are living ju
their own houses arc Senators Chandler, Pome
roy, Sumner, Carpenter, Trumbull, (though
since his wife died the latter rents his house),
(’ole, Sherman, Conkling, (a newly furnished
residence to be first occupied this winter), Ed
munds, Harlan, Casserly, Caldwell, Howe and
Sprague. There arc others who live in hired
residences, but the effort of every gentleman
who expects to remain six years in the senate
chand»cr, and has a family to provide for, now
is to puivha.se property. It is much cheaper
than renting. Of the members of the other
house who keep house and entertain, the speak
er heads the list, in a very elegant residence,
costing about SIO,OOO I believe. Gen.
Fernando Wood, Freeman Clarke, Gen. Gar
field, Mr. Beck, James Brooks, ami about a doz
en others, follow his lead. The probability is
that there will be a great many more during the
ensuing session, which will last until early in
June at least.
Besides these, other habitues of the capital
arc following suit. There arc many elegant
residences just about being occupied, the prop
erty of ex-congressmen or other public men who
have settled to law practice, patent agencies,
department business and lobbying generally.
There are ex-secretaries, judges and governors
here by the score, all living by their wits, and
a good living, too, as one of the class somewhat
wittily expressed it.
WHAT IS LIKELY TO BE CONSIDERED.
It is pretty difficult to prognosticate the ac
tion of congress, at its next session One thing
is pretty certain—there will be, as is usual just
before the presidential year, as little done as
possible.
The most exciting and prevading topic of
discussion will be the kuklux report and the
policy of repression. This is sure to excite
great hostility and heat, especially in view of
the probability that more than one member will
be in some way implicated. A democratic rep
resentative from that state is understood to be
Grand Cyclops in Georgia.
The financial policy, present and prospective,
will be thoroughly debated. It seems likely
that some changes in the present funding laws
will be urged and carried, so as to bring about
more popularity for the 4A and 4 per cent,
bonds.
There will be, among other measures present
ed and urged on the republican side, one for a
postal telegraph system—to the support of
which it is presumed the administration stands
pledged.
It is not unlikely that a bill for the complete
reorganization of the federal judiciary will be
urged, and that too by distinguished jurists in
congress. It is stated that the supreme
court is now two years behind in its business,
and the great interests of the country are suffer
ing therefrom. With the enormous increase of
appeals, as well as of original cases, which have
been rendered necessary under the forcing pro
cesses of ten years past, this delay is not likely
to decrease. It is declared that the separate circuit
judgeship plan has not worked well. One propo
sition will be to abolish these latter, and increase
the supreme court to, say twenty-one justices,
part of whom shall one year be on circuit, and
the next Ik* here in court,—that to be open con
tinuously, until arrears are closed, two-thirds of
the year at least. There are other details,relating
to the court ot claims, Ac., of which I am not in
formed. One feature of the bill is the retire
ment of judges after a certain number of years
service or at their option.
Another project, which should meet popular
approval at least, is one for the organization of
a postal savings batik system, extending
throughout the country, with interest for de
posits based on that of the new American con
sols or funded bonds. It is computed that the
amount of money deposited in the designated
post offices, would be very large, and the credit
of the treasury would thereby be largely in
creased, especially as all money deposited will
be secured on national securities.
It is more than likely that the president wil|
recommend some action with regard to our
maritime interests, and that the tariff’ maybe
modified in the interest of ship building. At
tention has recently been drawn at the white
house, to the admirable bill of your represent
ative, Mr. Hoar, providing for a commission of
inquiry into the condition of labor in this coun
try, its material, sanitary, economic and legisla
tive relations to the government and nation.
It is felt that such inquiry is needed, for the vast
economies introduced by science, and the great
aggregations of labor now rendered necessary
by the associated efforts of modern in
dustry, have produced great changes in
the condition under which labor exists. The
Prussian Junker says prolctarianism must be
abolished. He would do it by abolishing the
modern industrial system. We must strive to en
large it while subordinating it to republicanism
and the golden rule, by endeavoring to ascer
tain a just and equitable law of distribution of
results. What wc want is knowledge. Mr.
Hoar’s commission will give what we need in a
large degree. Wc can do labor and capital no
better service than to make such investigation.
I learn that the president expresses a great in
terest in these questions, and that it is not im
probable he may refer to them in his message.
Observer.
Letter from Minnesota.
[CORRESPONDENCE OF THE SPT.]
St. Paul, Minn., Oct. 29, 1871.
Dear Spy:— -Although well aware that your
many readers have lately had voluminous in
telligence from this section, yet I presume a lit
tle supplementary news and perhaps more local
intelligence may possibly be interesting to some,
and not unwelcome Jto any who peruse your
valuable newspaper columns.
Of course, the all-absorbing topic of conversa
tion, recently, has been the Chicago calamity;
an event of such magnitude as to affect all ave
nues of trade, and particularly the northwest,
which is very extensively supplied from that
great and wonderful market. How nobly the
whole country has responded in heartfelt sym
pathy ns well as substantial charity I and terri
ble as was the untold suffering and unprece
dented ruin, may not the distress and loss prove
in some respects a national blessing, as the dis
aster certainly was a national misfortune. Re
fugees from Chicago are daily arriving, seeking
new homes and business, and confirming by
their graphic narratives, divested of all sensa
tional and superfluous embellishments, the
worst accounts received of the confi igration.
Other parts of our country have not been
without their burning trials, and Minnesota
with them has had double claims placed before
her this season, irresistible demands of charity
from abroad, and equally pressing needs in her
own territory. For the last two week s exten
sive prairie fires have been raging all about us,
destroying life and all kinds of property, and
some of them even within view of this city;
these, in connection with the great fires in Wis
consin, have filled the usually clear air with a
dense smoke, at times almost hiding
the sun from us. At one time the fine rail
road draw-bridge over the Mississippi river
was in danger, and at night it was fearful to.
see trains of cars passing over, while the same
was threatened with complete destruction by
what literally leaped like “wildfire,” mad on its
errand of awful desolation. We have had very
little rain since last spring, consequently the
land is very dry ami the rivers low. At present
the “Father of Waters is mortified at the inap
propriate title which he bears, and has un
willingly allowed a lot of wandering bovine an
imals to paddle where commonly large
steamers from St. Louis did the same. It is
said that immense quantities of goods are now
waiting at different points for the rise of the
river.
Last week chronicled another episode and new
epoch in the history of Minnesota, namely—the
uniting of the Mississippi river and the Bed
river of the north by iron bands 216 miles in
length, the completion of which is an event us
important railroad progress The enterprise
was inaugurated iu 1857, when the congression
al land grant was made, but not commenced
until the summer of 1866. It is thought here,
that the lands adjoining the line of this rail
way will be taken up by permanent
residents in about five years, which otherwise
might have occupied half-century in their set
tlement.
Ihe formal opening of this steam thorough
fare was celebrated by the happy and appro
priate reunion of the “old settlers” of the stale,
brought together at the inviution of the presi
dent of the railroad. 1 was glad to l>c a wit
ness of the affair, for it was a pleasant sight to
see those old weather-beaten pioneers of the
iHirder gather again in their proud metropolis,
cgjpe ul tbew after of separation In differ*
gailn Spn: Wmesfn, gaining, gobember 2, 1871.
ent parts of what is now a great commonwealth.
It was a heart.v coming together of old friends,
those who knew the country and could appre
ciate the great transition from a hunting ground
where they had fought the wild Indian and,
chased the buffalo and deer, to a grand highway
for the onward march of a mighty and irresisti
ble civilization. This route will undoubtedly
become a favorite one to the Pacific and Califor
nia, and be the means of rapidly developing the
whole northwest, which even now is favored
with a good number of railroads and a centre of
activity, called Saint Paul. J. f. m.
Dwelling* in New York.
A New York correspondent oi the Cincinnati
Gazette writes:
There is an aristocratic air about Fifth avenue
that impresses cverv one alike. A fastidious
gentleman from the French capital, on driving
“up” for the first time, feels himself at once to
be in the right place, and a booby fresh from
the country just as quickly feels that he is not.
The survey of both, however, will end in the
same conclusion—that the private wealth of
New York is simply immense.
But, as is almost all the big things of this
country, there is a degree of sham connected
with it. About half, if mil more, of these grand
looking mansions are merely rented, and can be
had by the year or quarter. In many cases they
are subrented with furniture and livery for both
house and stable complete; and, unlike the
houses that rent in this wav in Europe, the
price demanded is a small fortune per annum.
But in New York there is an annual twisting
about of fortunes, and occupants are easily
found.
Show is the watchword here, as well as
throughout the city; and he who would live
within the glittering margin oi Fifth avenue,
and who would be a success, needs but one ac
quisition, viz., the funds to make a brilliant be
ginning. It may be a restless shoddy merely
trying the atmosphere, a newly ripening office
holder, or a defaulting bank clerk—no one
knows or cares, if his sojourn but helps to swell
the display.
They that rent are there one year and gone
the next—up in a balloon, perhaps, but no one
knows. If their diamonds were bogus, they
flashed brightly enough, and if their silverware
was common plate, no one asks. Aside from
the hows homo, who throws away money like
dirt, comes those unfortunate beings who live
on pretense. For example, parties that have
contracted such a violent and overflowing af
fection for some other party that they actually
rent them a part of the house. “Nothing,” says
Madame, “but the love I have for that woman
could have induced me to do such a thing.”
“From pride, vain glory, and hypocrisy, good
Lord deliver us.”
Others again “keep the pot boiling” by hav
ing a few friends staying with them.
The latter class of hand to mouth individuals
arc numerous, ami may be divided between im
poverished southerners, who in truth can not
reduce their pride to a common level, and those
who would keep boarders or sell their souls if it
enabled them to give their address from Fifth
avenue. A few keep what is popularly known
as “Fifth avenue boarding houses,” and certain
ly deserve a credit mark in being so vulgarly
truthful as to admit so common a fact. Fifth
avenue is the top round of the ladder of respect
ability, but most assuredly some of the descend
ing rounds are equally, if not more, interesting
in the way of detail
The dwellers on Madison and Lexington
avenues are decidedly on the second round, in
the matter of locality; but they hold up their
aristocratic heads with true dignity, are exces
sively exclusive, and the feminine portion, in
giving their address to a shop clerk, have an
air grand toso that belongs to those avenues
alone. But among them, also, are to be found
parties living “up stairs,” and those keeping
boarders openly, and others that take them on
the sly.
The cross streets from Thirtieth street up to
Central Park will, however, form the most in
teresting account to readers generally, the
houses, of the same somber hue, and no less
stately than their Fifth avenue neighbors, are
built on quite a different plan, and with a view
to renting. Of course there are many splendid
dwellings occupied by their owners, and having
every appendant convenience and luxury; but
it is not of these the writer would speak, but
rather of the houses that are two or three iu
one.
To live, that is to keep house in the west on a
second or thitd floor would be to “live in
rooms” and correspondingly vulgar. The high
est respectability, however reduced, would hard
ly like to try it; but here, as in Paris, it is quite
the thing, and the best people to do it. Suites of
rooms or “French flats” they are called, and in
compact completeness are pefect. On each floor
will be found a little house of six or seven
rooms; there is a good sized parlor, two or
three tiny bed rooms, bath, dining room, kitch
en and closets. In the kitchen will be found a
range with boilers that supply the bath and
basins with hot water, also abundant closet
room and sometimes four or five large drawers.
The dining room tor has its closets and di aw
ers, ami the bed rooms are not neglected, hav
ing whatever of closets, shelves and hooks that
space will allow.
The ceilings are always lofty, in the parlor
prettily ornamented, and the mantels invariably
of white marble.
The upper suites are usually, but not always,
rented out by the person occupying the lower
portion of the house, and there are a few rules
to be observed, which arc something as follows:
The front windows must be all curtained alike,
generally with white draw curtains (lace behind
them being optional) th* stairs suitably car
peted, ami the front door never to be left open.
That every one may answer their own bell,
callers, as well as the butcher and baker, give it
one, two, or three taps, according to the story.
Rents in a house of this kind average from
S4OO to S6OO per year; a merit belonging to
this style of living that is understood by New
Yorkers alone. Certainly this mode of having
a home to one’s self can not he too highly com
mended, for there are no small houses below
Seventieth street, and the prices asked for large
ones arc far beyond the purse of a majority of
families.
To live in such a house as described above is
perfectly respectable, references being required
on both sides. The term of renting is never less
than six months, and a passer-by in gazing at
its lace draped windows and well kept front
would never dream that more than one family
dwelt within.
The next step down the ladder of respectabil
ity is to the flats, that are equally nice iu finish
and conveniences, but are situated over stores.
'Hie rates of rent are in accordance with the
locality or avenue. In some cases the landlords
are very particular, and ask for references, but
as frequently are quite indifferent, a person that
is cleanly, well dressed, and can pay the rent
regularly, being considered proper enough.
The rules are; Rent in advance; the stairs to
be kept clean and lighted, and the front door
kept closed. Like similar buildings in Paris,
the tenants of one floor know but little ot the
others. The ladies on the top story may he a
bit too dressy, but the parties beneath do not
know it, and, if the fact were mentioned to
them, would probably remark that it was no
concern of theirs,
Houses of this class are, of course, nothing
more or less than tenement houses, and may he
known as such by the bell arrangement at the
front door. Like o gan stops, the bell knobs
range one above another, with the figure 1,2, 8,
4, and so on, marked upon them, denoting the
floor to which they belong.
This tenement arrangement of living, like
that on a higher scale, cannot be too highly
commended, sheltering, as it does, the many
that are Jiving on medium salaries at moderate
rates.
The working elapses find a home in yet anoth
er kind of tenement, where the rooms are small?
er, darker, and with but limited conveniences.
The rents average from $lO to S2O per month,
and the rules of the bouse are to scrub the stairs
once a week qnd keep the peace.' Many of them
are very large, accoinmuJatlng fppp twenty to
forty families, in this cast; the “organ snips”
extend up to six on cither side of the front
door.
Not infrequently the landlord employs a jani
tresi to look after the premises. She has her
rooms rent free, and her duties are to light up
the halls, keep the front door shut, (a rule ob
served in al! houses), and see that each woman
scrubs the stairs in her turn. In addition to
which she must keep her cars open at night,
and see that none of the tenants move out in
“the wee sma’ hours,” leaving an unsightly
state of dirt behind them, and a few weeks'
rent unpaid.
The occupants are mostly street ear drivers
and conductors, poor seamstresses and economi
cal Germans. Now and then, however, a poor
bohemian’ is to be met with, iu a back room
at the top ot the house, feeding on crusts, the
sole product of his overtaxed brain.
Respectability ends here, the last round of the
ladder having been readied.
Mr. Ewing of Ohio, who has just died, was
the lather of Gen. Sherman by adoption before
he became his fatherdudaw. How he came to
be is thus told in “Ohio in the War”; The
members of the bar at Lancaster knew very well
that Judge Sherman had left no adequate pro
vision fur his large family, and it was agreed
among them that some of the children should
be educated and supported by the legal brethren
of the deceased parent. In accordance with
this arrangement, Thomas Ewing, then in the
prime of his reputation as a great lawyer and
statesman, deci led to adopt one of the boys.
"I must have the smartest of them,” so the
stories of the times tell us that Mr. Ewing said
to the widow; and mi the same authority we
have it that, after consultation between' the
mother and the eldest sister, “Ciimp,” at that
important period of his life at play iu a neigh
boring sand bank, was selected, The next
seven years passed iu schooLlioy life in Lancas
ri Sherman was fairly adopted into
the Ewmg family, and he soon made bis way to
all their hearts. He was sent to the English de
partment of the village aradetnv, where In*
stood well in his classes, and came*to be a nrom
ismg boy. ’lucre was nothing specially re
markable about him,” so writes his foster
father, Mr. Ewing, “excepting that I never
knew so young a boy who would do an errand
so correctly and promptly as he did,” And
again, “he was transparently honest, faith
ful and trustworthy. Studious and cor
rect in bis habits, his progress in ed
ucation was steady and substantial. And
so the boy reached his 17th year. Mr. Ew
iug now had a vacancy at West Point iu bis gift,
and he bestowed it upon the child of his old
friend. Young Sherman was admitted to the
academy in June, 1886, and, with the exception
of a two months’ furlough in the summer of
1889,.which be spent iu a visit to his home at
Lancaster, be remained there continuous!v until
hi» graduation in June, 1840, Starting with a
good preliminary education, he had maintained
a fair, though not first-class standing, to the
close. Mr. Ewing desired that he should gradu
ate in the engineer corps. This, as he himself
wrote some months before, he was unable to do,
but his rank was such as to entitle him to enter
the artillery. He was the sixth in his class. The
pleasantest glimpses we get of the four years of
cadet life, are in the letters of the future lieuten
ant-general to the fair companion and playmate
of his Lancaster home. These letters are sp: ight
ly, vivacious, and a trifle eccentric, —not at all
unlike in style those graver epistles, which, at a
later period, were to draw from the nncompli
mental v secretary of war the compliment that
“Shernian wrote as he fought.” In 185,, he re
turned to “the states,” and, on the Ist of May,
his long engagement was closed by his marriage
to Miss Ellen Ewing, at the residence of her
father, then secretary of the interior. Among
the guests who graced the wedding were, Daniel
Webster, Henry Clay and Zachary Taylor. He
was soon sent to garrison duty at Jefferson Bar
racks, Missouri, and shortly afterward, with the
brevet of captain ‘for meritorious services in
California during the war with Mexico,’ was
made commissary, and sent first to St. Louis
and then to New Orleans.”
Value of Fodder Corn.
The department of agriculture has just issued
a statement, presenting a long line of testimony
from various sources on the value of fodder corn
as a supplementary feed or soiling crop for milch
cows in summer. We present below the conclu
sions deduced from the testimony given:
1. Green corn fodder is neither worthless nor
the poorest of all soiling material.
2. It is the beet when planted in drills or hills,
not so thickly as to prevent normal growth and
development, cultivated to destroy weeds and
grasses, and cut between tassel ling and earing,
when the elements elaborated for production
of the ear are stored in readiness for immediate
use.
3. it is probable, both from the rationale of
the case and from facts presented above, that in
the most northern latitudes a mistake has often
been made in sowing thickly southern corn
which cannot mature, the fodder from which,
led in August, must be very nearly worthless.
On the contrary, the fodder from northern corn,
especially sweet corn, drilled and cultivated,
and fed just before caring, is found to be very
valuable.
4. Its value, compared with lucerne, millet,
the best grasses, and other plants containing a
larger percentage of nutriment, taking into con
sideration the quantity produced and the cost of
its production, has not been determined fully,
and should be decided by a series of thorough
and exhaustive experiments.
It is evident from all that is conflicting in the
opinion of different feeders, that the differences
are mainly due to the degree of maturity or
soundness of the corn. That from thick sowing,
immature, colorless and watery, is unfit to
place before the cows of any well regulated
dairy. It is probable that half that is fed is
improperly cultivated or in a state of growth
not productive of the highest results If this
should he the case, how stupid to condemn the
maize for the ignorance of the cultivator. If it
is found to contain too little nutriment lor its
bulk, or too small an amount of the flesh-form
ing element, the suggestion found in the prac
tice of some, of giving a small amount of more
highly concentrated nutriment in connection
with corn fodder is eminently wise. l’his is a
deficiency easily remedied. While corn is our
national crop, less fastidious in the circum
stances of its growth than almost any other,
and capable of yielding so largely under the
proverbial neglect which characterizes our cul
ture, let not this fodder be discarded until some
thing of greater practical value is found, the
superiority of which has been actually demon
strated under the local circumstances of soil,
climate and cultivation.
Potato Rot in Great Britain.— The
London Field of Oct. 14th, says:
We are sorry to confirm the unfavorable re
ports as to the potato disease. The crop, as a
rule, is not heavy; the sets, though numerous,
are small; and tally half the crop is diseased.
On the best land the loss will be the greatest;
so much so, that in some localities noted for the
abundance and excellence of their usual produce
whole fields are being ploughed down as worth
less. An important question arises as to how
best to utilise the diseased potatoes; they must
be used at once, otherwise decay will soon pro
duce corruption. The first effect of the disease
is the production of sugar from a portion ol the
starch; hence the stock eat the potatoes readily,
not only without any ill effects, but with great
advantage; and cattle on grass have been made
fat with a plentiful supply. No preparation is
necessary. The potatoes are distributed out of a
cart, and as soon as the animals get accustomed
to the taste they eat them greedily. This year
the pastures are so full of meat that such extra
food is less wanted; still it is a means of getting
rid of them. Those who have the opportunity
might boil or steam rhe potatoes, and mash
them down in air tight bins, wis) salt; possibly
they might be stored under the soil in a pit, but
the air must be excluded and salt used freely.
Pigs, calves, and indeed all kinds of stock, not
excluding farm horses, thrive well on potatoes;
the onlv difficulty is how to get rid ol them
whilst any good remains in them.
Novel Commencement of a Honeymoon.
—The Prince de Polignac recently married
Mdlle de Bagneax. The newly-married pair set
out on their way to D.cppe,where they intended
to spend their honeymoon. On arriving at
Rouen, they found that the train would not
leave for Dieppe for two hours and decided to
go to Havre instead. On their arrival, their
passports were demanded. But unfortunately
for the lovers none were forthcoming. The bride
groom gave his name and title, and the bride
wept, but all to no purpose. They were looked
upon as impostors, and marched off by a police
man to headquarters. At length, by their uni
ted entreaties, the police superintendent was in
duced to send a telegram to the bride’s father:
“A man calling himself Prince de Polignac, just
arrested at Havre, says he is your son-in-law.
Is that the case?” Very soon an answer was
returned: “The man must be an impostor. My
daughter and son-in-law have gone to Dieppe.”
Of course after such a confirmation of the sus
picions against them, there was no hope of a
reprieve, for that night at least. The “happy
pair” were actually carried off to the lock-up,
where they had to spend their wedding night.
It was not until the following day that they
succeeded in establishing their identity.
Rats in the Hennery.—A lady who has a
number of fine hens to which she had devoted a
good deal of care and attention during the
winter, in hopes of obtaining an early and a
fair crop of fresh eggs, was surprised at the
meager result actually reached. The hens
made noise, in singing and cackling, enough for
everyday layers, and yet only occasionally did
she get an egg. The lady at length determined
to watch operations and ascertain if possible
the cause of the failure. She saw the hens go
upon the nest, but if she was not present when
they came off, no eggs were found. At length
constant watching and waiting solved the mys
tery. A day or two since, while on the watch, a
hen cameoff the nest and commenced cackling.
Almost instantly an old rat came out of a hole,
and running into a barrel, which was thrown
down on its side, and in which the lien’s nest
was, at once nosed the upon the ground,
then lay down upon its back, and getting the
egg bet ween its I orcpaws and nose, commenced
squealing, when two other rats came out, and
taking the rat with the egg by the hind legs,
dragged it, egg and all, into the hole. The lady
affirms that she can substantiate the foregoing
fact by at least thrye witnesses, —Poultry Stand
ard.
There will be a meeting of the People’s club—sec
tion of hospitality—Thursday, five o’clock p.m., iu
the east ante>room, A full and prompt attendance
is requested,
Abbott will sell horses and new and second hand
carriages, for A. K. Richmond, N 0.30 Waldo street,
this forenoon, at 11 o’clock.
Weinberg Bros., 85/ Main street, have received
this day, a new lot of slipper patterns at greatly re
duced prices,
You skeptical sufferers of rheumatism who do
not believe in the agency of Prof. Mac’s New
Zealand plaster, read letter in advertising columns.
UA.'THferX' raA.KII.KTB.
NEW YORK BTOCK MARKET.
New York. Nov. I.—Money firm at 6 per cent curren
cy io 7 per cent gold; prime mercantile paper 12 15
iter tent, aqd good 21 per cent. Goal steady at U2M (ai
i I ’*t. ash gold scarce, owing to heavy Canadian pur
chases Yesterday borrowers paid (d per cent per
day'or use. clearings $91.000.000. Sterling exchange
lower at IvH ((t) 10BS. Governments firm uiei very dull;
May and November bonds quoted ex-interest. State .se
cuntiu- stocks strong, without actlvitv.
The treasury depanmt ni to lay Issued an order calling
in a million and a half of three per cents.
United States Hixes, lain
United States 5-20'e, 1862, coupons 111 h
1864. Hl*
1865, HIM
now t 865. 1138
1807.
1868. HUM
10-40 s lU9J,
United States currency bs HD*
Western Union teiegiapn company 61*4
Pacific Mail Steamship company 47 *4
N. Y. Centra! A Hudson River consol'd, 89X
_ do do no do scrip MX
Eric railroad 28M
do preferred ‘m
Harlem ranroau 121
do preferred .’ju
Heading railroad 194
Michigan Central railroad HGh
Union Pacific railroad slock 23%
Panama railroad 54
bake shore &Mi inganSouthern kit...
almois Central lamoaa i -OM
Cleveland and Pittsburg railroad cx <llv’ 125
Chicago and Northwestern railroad go
?o nreterre- ’.’m
Cleveland. Columbus Cincinnati rail road..
New Jersey Central railroad
k me .go aud isianu ruiuou
Milwaukee and St. Pam railroad
do do pref 7«<t
Toledo and Wabash railroad 51 q
du prtd al
Fort Wp.yne and Chicago railroad 9614
Alton and lei re Haute railroad i#
do preferred 50
Chicago and A'ton railroad 113
do preterred 114
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 37’*
Hartford and Kr‘e railroad
Columbus. Cincinnati A Ind Central R it ...17H
Chicago, Burlington anil quincy R R 127
Hannibal and st Joseph R K. 63
Central Pacific gold bunds 101
Union i’acltic railroad Ist mort. 6s 87
Union Paciflc land grants 75H
Central Pacific railroad income 10s
Tennessee state O's. new on
Virginia state 6’s, new 61
Missouri state 6s
North Carolina slate 6s, new him
South Carolina 6s. new
inni- STOCK KALEB- Nov. 1.
SIOO United states Sixes. Ixßl ]n
SI,OOO Lnion Pacific railroad 6s ma
sio.iN)o tianmrd uno Erie railroad is. new 25
sdm stunstead and Chamhlv7s.... rig
WOO VI. 11. Ai Vt. (a. R RBs
SI,OOO Missouri River, Ft. Hcutt A Gulf R 2d 10s Ul**
I $6,000 Maine state Or, 1«74
SSOO Massachusetts statn Cs, 1872. gold 110 K
85,000 Hartford city 6s, 1876 on
SJ.OtNi Vermont Centrnl railroad Istmort. 7s 84*4
8500 Western railroad (is. 1875 97*4
SI,OOO Cedar Rapids and Missouri It K7a, 1916 K 9
$3,000 Lvnn city 6s. 1891 98’<
85.000 St. Louis city 1885 R6»4
81.000 80-ton city 6- 100
SIO,OOO old Colony and Newport R It 7s, 1877 102*4
$6,000 Eastern railroad 1880
3 Portsmouth. Great Falls A’ Conway K R ...1003100*4
50 Phil.. Wil. and Baltimorerailroaa 53X353*4
50 Vermont Central railroad, 100*4
100 Ogdensburg A; Lake Champlain KB 8730*
98 Rutland railroad, prel 73H374H
115 Michigan Central railroad 1173117*4
100 Summit Branch railroad 43h
80 Boston and Albany railroad 151 3 152
50 Connecticut River railroad 138*4
10 Old Colony and Newport railroad *O2X
M Boston and Maine railroad 146
30 do do ex div >43
2 Cheshire railroad 83
32 Chicago. Burlington and Quincy R It 130
50 Eastern railroad 107*4
2 Eastern radroad. N.H 103*4
550 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad 7X37H
4 Northern railroad 11IX
25 Fitchburg railroad 142 X
1 Merrimack Manufacturing Co, 1355
2 Lawrence Manufacturing Company 1065©lus0
1 Newmarket Manufacturing Company 602**
1 Thurndike Manufacturing company 755
I Nashua Manuthcturhig Company 645
6 Continental mills ....MM
II Franklin Company. Lewiston.... HO
1 Massachusetts Cotton Mills 1025
10 Atlantic Cutton Mills 84*4
50 Bates Manufacturing Co 113 M
noMFBTIC MARKET*.
New York, Nov. I.—Cotton strongly in buyer* fa
vor; sales 2767 bales; middling uplands 18?4c. Flour
quiet an I unchanged; sale-8350 bbls; state $6 7,30;
Ohio $6,80 (dj 7 40; western §6 3 7,65; southern $7 3 9.25.
Wheat unsettled and lower; sales 120,000 bush; No 1
soringsl,.s43 1,5.5; No2dv $1.41 3 $1.53; white state
$1.67; winter red western $1.55 1.56; white Michi
gan $163 3 1.73. t orn heavy mid lower; sales 93.000
bush mixed western 75e afloat; old do 76 3 77c in store,
ami 77X 3 78Xc alleat. Oats heavy; saless9.ooo bush;
>hlo and western 50 3 61c. Beef quiet. Pork quiet;
mess sl3 Lard Ann and quiet, at 9X 3 10kc. Butter
steady. Whiskey dull and lower, at 92Xc. Rice dull;
Carolina7*4 Bhe. Sugar lower; Muscovado 8M 3
9hc; refining 8H 3 9c. Coffee nominal; idols 20c.
Molasses dull. Naval stores—spirits turpentine quiet
at 67 3 67 he; rosin quiet and flrm at $4,50 tor strained.
Petroleum quiet; crude 13’4 3 14c; refined 23c. Tallow
steady at 9 3 SXc. Wool quiet and unchanged; pulled
at 60c.
Chicago, Nov. I.—Flour firm and unchanged. Wheat
firmer, at $1,20 cash; $1.21 ?4 first half November. Cnn
steadv at 48c cash; 4»c November; 47Xc seller first
half November. Oats flrmat3oXc. Rye steady at 69c.
Barley steady at 55 355 He. Provisions firm; mess pork
$12,62 3 12.75; December sl3. Lard B’4c cash. Shoul
ders 6 Ue, boxed ribs held at 7c; short clear 7Xc, Decem
ber. Whisk- y dull at 88c. Receipts bbls flour.
4000 bush u heat. 42,600 bush oats, 0,(810 bush com, 93.000
bush iye, f 4,000 b»Sh baney, 12,000 hogs. Shipments
2000 bbls flour. 41.000 bush oats. o9,()00 bush corn. 1000
bush barley.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 1.-Pork nominal at $12.50. Lard
quiet and unchanged Bulk mints—demand light and
holders linn; sides 3 7c. Bacon—demand light and
holders firm; slioifders 7hc; sides 7*4 id. 7Hc. Live
hogs in guo I demand: sales at $4 4,2 s—receipts 2000
head. Cattle in lair demand anti higher, at $4,25 3 4 50.
Whiskey dull; sales al HBc.
new Okleans, Nov. I.—Cotton active: middlings at
18H 3 18Se.
Serial fhtttts.
Attention llemoerat*.— The Democrats of tlie
Ten; li Representative District, comprising Wards 1,2, 3
and 8. in the city of Worcester, and the town of Paxton,
are req lie-led to meet al tne Democratic Headquarters,
Room No. 13. Flagg’s Block. FRIDAY EVENING. Nov.
3, at 7'4 o’clock, lor the purpose of nominating three
candidates for representatives to the next General Court.
Per order ol City Committee.
112 d2t* geo. f. Hewitt, Chairman.
Attention IPcmoerats.— The Democrats of the
Eleventh Representative District comprising Wards 4.
5, 6 and 7. are requested to meet at Horticultural Hall,
FRIDAY EVENING, Nov. 3d, at 7*4 o’clock, for the
purpose of nominating (three candidates for Representa
tives to the next General Court.
Per order of City Committee.
n 2 d2i” ,GtO. F. HEWITT, Chairman.
To any Man
Who wants to see a nice article that will sell in houses,
stores, or offices, call at the o£ce of Swan's Hotel,
Thursday, Friday, or Saturday—Carpenters especially.
C-ls There is money in it. dlt* n 2
People’i Savings Hank.,
452 MAIN ST.
Deposits Nov.l.’tl $2,640,035 SB.
Deposits are put on interest on the first day of every
month.
The net profits are divided semi-annually. In February
and August.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank is open
from 6 to 8 o’clock Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT. Treas.
Worcester. Nov. 2.1871. dAwtf 112
Dr. G. F. Harwood,
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st ...opposite the Post Office.
n 2 d3m
ikt. G. 11. Baker,
PENT IST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
n 2 d:<m
The AfiMaion Chapel Industrial Mewing
school for girls, resumes its sessions at the Summer
Street Chapel, SATURDAY r. M., Nov. 4Ui. at 2*4
o’clock, under the superintendance of Mbs. SoI'THBR
Classes will then be organized for tin* season. Former
teachers together with any other benevolent ladies of
tne different religious societies, willing to engage as
teachers, are invited to be present. d3l n 2
Sinkins Fast.
Pale, miserable, discouraged, without relish for food,
without energy enough for exertion, yet with no acute
pain, or other specific indication of disease, how otten do
we see feeble invalids lading as it were out of life without
any apparent cause. We say of them that they are
“sinking aM,”.or “sinking gradually,’’ as the case may
be. But there is no good reason why they should sink at
t.ll. Per oils in this dead-alive state simply want invig
orating and vitalizing. Nature, in a slate of toipor, de
mands help. Bring out the reserve of vitality in the
system, brace the nerves; tone the stomach, break up
the morbid trance of body and mind with a course of
Hostettei’s Stomach Bitters. It can be done. It lias
been done in thousands of instances. The effect upon
the enervated frame is electric. Nevertgive up, however
languid and broken down. Remember that for the ex
hausted, the debilitated, the desponding, this powerful
vegetable restorative is a genuine elixir. It is not a mere
stimulant that provokes a transient flash of vigor in the
system, and then leaves it in a more depressed condition
than before. It removes thecauses of debility by alter
ing the secret! ms, and regulating the action of the in
ternal organs, as well as re-enforcing them. It is a par
ticularly valuable medicine at this season, because it is
an antidote to the malaria which produces intermittent
fever, bilious colic and other disorders of the bowels
prevalent in the tall. d&wlw n‘2
Patvittw Secured.
Re-issue>, Extensions, amt Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE.
Transfers of Rights, and Patent Cases attended to, by
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass.
Offick No. 303 Main St.
al 2 dtf
Dr. Park has removed to (Tty Hospital, corner of
Front and Church streets. nldlm*
Dr y CI uo d m Bills
MUST BE PAID
Our customers who have Quarterly Bills due Oct. Ist.
are requested to
Pay nt our Desk,
without further notice.
023 d2w BARNARD, SUMNBR CO.
Dr. .1. Wesley Kellvy will be in attendance the
FIRSTTHIRSDAY amt FRIDAY <>F EVERY MONTH,
to give advice to the sick on Diseases of the Liver, Lungs.
Heart, Kidneys, Splemi, Ao. Also, all Diseases of the
Blood, as Sep du a or King’s Evil, Canker, Eruptions
Ac., at 157 Milin st. (Waldo Block.) Ladies and gentle
men are invited tocail.
attice Advxce Free. dfcfit
No More Wet Feet.
CABLE SCR EH’ H'/ R
AS A FASTENING FOR BOOTS AND SHOES
■s rapidly an«l steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides furnishing the most durable, pliable and
economical boot ever offered the public, it affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than ever before made of the same materials.
Dealerssefi Cable Screw Wired Goods.
Or’Palent Stamp on all. deopfiw o 2
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Tru»t Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M.~E, President.
deceives Money on Deposit subject to Check at Sight
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Hms'.l Safes, enclosed In Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
tie Renter alone has access, are offen d to the public for
Tint, at prices varying from sls to $75 each per annum.
It a place of Sieurilv against Eire or Burglars for
depositing V ahiab.es of all kinds.
Bonis. Mortgages. Wills, Deeds, Jewelry, Hilver Plate
ic., received at very low rates, for which icdpts art
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes ar*
louble-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 v. m. to 6 a. m
n Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Rficc. add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
nuKlncKs Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 r. m.
dtl HAMI EL T. BIGELOW. Sc. ’v
Worcester Gan Light Company.
Cuke.
This Cheap and most Desirable Fuel for Manufac
MBV 9 n w offered to the
Prices q U1,,e8 to»uit, st the following Reduced
One Chaldron of 36 bushels 15 00
One Hah do. 18 250
bUbh?i“ anlitieß 1C tban half Cents per
Payments may be made, and orders for Itsdoli very will
»>e Ist ued only at the Office ol the Company, No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up stairs.
hepaThs. Ac.
irregnlarliiesor failureofsuppiyot gas should he report
ed, and applications for service oipcs and meters may be
inam at the Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton's Block. Me
vhuue street up stairs. dtf ihl
wro. ituppin A oramisaon *>erch*nis
nd Dealers u Flour. Corn. Rye, Oats, Malt. Meal of at
Muds, Fins wd Coarse Feed. Linseed Oil Meal. Me
cb*nlc street, Worooetcf. dn ugg
Votra I< va«ly.
The Republican Town Committee in each of the several
towns in this county, (except Ashburnham, Berlin,
Bolton, Bovlston, Clinton, Fitchburg, Harvard, lAncas
ter, Leominster, Lunenburg. Princeton, sterling, West
Boylston and Westminster, comprising the I'ifth Sena
torial District, whose votes are printed in Fitchburg.)
are requested to send to the Palladium office for their
votes, whicli have been prepared by ordor of the Repub
lican County Committee. d3t nl
Worcester Five eni« Mavin K Hunk.
OFFICE. NO. 9H MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
Tills Bank is open every business day,from nine o'clock
in the morning to five o'clock In the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to Oke Thousand Dol
lars received, una put upon interest on the first of evt rs
month.
Dividends of Interest are made in January and
July, and If not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
r CLARENDON HARRIS.
J*’ B dtf Treasurer.
Worcester County Institution tor
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8. 1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each montt
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 «4,5G5,845 DO.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK. President.
C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer
Tbo Worcester Mechanics Mayings Haul
lit CENTRAL EXCUANOE.
The Bank is opan daily for tbo receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon Interest co th# Fifteenth day 0
each month.
Heuii-annuai Dividends in January and July.
HARRISON BLIBB President
n. Woodward. TrcaVr.
dowtf
The ICepuitiicaiiM of the 17th Representative
Di-irict, comprising Hie towns of Spencer, Leicester,
Southbridge. Charlton, and Auburn, are requested to
send delegates to a Convention to be holdi na; the "Bav
Slate House.” on I HURSD\V. the 2d day of November,
at 10 A. m., for the purpose of nominating two candidates
to represent the District at the next General Court, and
tor the transaction of any other business proper to come
before the Convention.
The basis of representaHon will be the same ns that of
last year. 1870. SAMUELS. BERRY,
Chairman 17th Repul lican District Committee.
Southbridge, Oct. 11th, 1871. deoptnl 017
The Cauae anil <!urc of Coiibiiniptlou.
The primary cause of Consumption is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. Bv assimilation I mean
that process by which the nutriment ot the food is con
veried into blood, and thence into Hie solids ot the body.
Persons with digestion thus Impaired, having the slight
est oredispo-i lion to pulmonary disease, or it they lake
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs in some of its forms and 1 Isold that h will be
impossible to cure any case of Consumption without
first restoring good digestion and healthv assimilation.
The very first thinu to be done is to cleanse the stomach
and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime whicli is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform their
functions, an 1 then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and be.-t
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse
the stomach and bowels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse it tip
to a new and healthy action, by whicli natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck's Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
the stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, ano
the appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lactcals are
weak, and requiring strength and support, it is in a
condition like this that Sclieivk's Seaweed Tonic proves
to be the most valuable remedy ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize all excess of acid,
making the stomach sweet and fresh; it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, and prepare the system fur Hie first
process of a good digestion, anil ultimately make good,
nealthly. living blood. Alter this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most cas-:s of Consumption is the
free and persevering use of Schenck’s Pulmonic Sprup.
The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system, purifies ihe
blood, ami is readily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There it ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to expel all the diseased
matter in the form of free expectoration, wlicn once
it ripens. It k then, by the great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck’s Pulmonic *yrup. that all ulcers
and cavities are healed tip sound, and my patient is
cured.
The essential tiling to be done in curing consumption
Is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion, so that
the body will grow in flc>h and get strong. If a person
has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess there, the cavity
cannot heal, the muter cannot ripen, so long as the sys
tem is below par. Wnat is necessary to cure is a new
order of things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
body to grow in flesh and gel fat; then nature is helped,
the cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and be
thrown off In large quantities, and the person regain
health and strength. This is the true and only plan to
cure Consumption, and if a person is very bad. if the
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even if one lung is
entirely gone, if theer is enough vitality left in the other
to heal up. there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with only one sound
lung, live and enjoy life to a good old age. This is what
Schenck’s medicit.es will do to cure Consumption. They
will clean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it,
get up a good digestion, and give nature the assistance
she needs to clear the system of all the disea-o that is in
Hie lungs, whatever the form may be.
it is iinoortant that, while u-ing Schenck’s medicines,
care should be exercised not to take cold; keep in doors
in cool and damp weather; avoid night air and take out
door exercise only in genial and warm sunshine.
I wisli it distinctly understood that when 1 recommend
a patient 10 lie careful in regard to taking cold while
using my medicines, Ido so for a special reason. A man
who has but partially recovered from Hie etiect- of a bud
cold is far more liable to a relapse than one who has been
entirely cured, and it is precisely the same In regard to
Consumption, so long as the lungs are not pencctlv
healed. just so long is there imminent danger of a full
return of the disease Hence it is that Iso strenuously
caulion pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Con
ti lined consumptives’ lungs are a mass of sores, whicli
the least change of atmosphere will inflame. The grand
secret of my success with my medicines consists in my
ability to subdue inflammation instcal of provoking it,
as many of the faculty do. Au inflamed lung cannot
with safety to the patient be exposed to the biting blasts
of winter or the chilling winds o’ spring or autumn, it
should be carefully shielded from all irri.aiing influences.
The utmost caution should beobserved in this particular,
as without It a cure under almost any circumstances is an
impocsibility.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and all the medicines continued, until the body
has restored to it the natural quantity ot tiesh and
strength
I was myself cured by this treatment of the worst kind
of Consumption, and have lived to get Hit amt hearty
these many years, with one lung mostly gone. 1 have
cored thousands since, and very many have been cured
bv this treatment whom 1 have never seen.
About the first of October 1 expect to take possesion
of my new buildiiu at the noitliea-t corner of sixth and
Arch streets, where 1 .-hail be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my rcnpulies. so that a
person in any part of t he world oun be readily cured by a
strict observance of tLe same
J. 11. SCHENCK, M. D„ Philadelphia.
GEORGE U. GOODWIN CO.. Agents. Bu.-tun.
si deontf
Bntehelor’N Hair Dye.—This superb IlairDye
is the best in the trorld— perfectly harmless, reliable and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous lints
or disagreeable odor. 'I he genuine Win. A. Batchelor's
Hair Dye produces i mined lately a splendid Black or
Natural Brown leaves the hair dean, soli. heautlßil;
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory, 1G Bond st.. N.
i. dtvr ivlO
Lea Perrins’ Sauce,
pronounced by connoisseurs “THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it Is unrivaled
for its flavor. We are directed by Messrs. Lea A Pkk
bins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
terfeits. JOHN DI NCAN’S MUNN, Agents.
deopijm New York.
The Ihiropean yueaiion.
What is the European question to us? Let the crowned
heals light it uut while we supply their armies with
provisions.
THE AMERICAN QUESTION
as to the best method of clothing gray heads with glossy
brown or raven black is, however, a (nailer of vast im
portance to millions of both sexes in this count ry. It
SEEMS TO BE DECIDED.
If popularity is a fair test in the case, In favor of
CriHta<luro*M Excelsior Hair Dye,
the sales of which have been advancing during the past
twelve months with rapidity astonishing. As a dressing
after dyeing, use
CRISTAbORQ'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE
o 3 deup&weowlm
Dr, F. Morrill, No. 3 Bulfinch >1 Boslon, Mas>.
Consult him in all cases; hq is the oldest and most ex
penenced specialist in Boston—thirty-three years’ prac
tice. Nue liis Pocket Medical Adviser. I’rice 25 cents.
Send for it, deop&wtf <>s
Matbows dB Vhamberluin,
PLUMBERS.
■Tomer Waldo and Exchange Sts., Worcester, Masa
Bath Tubs and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowl*
Wash Trays, Sinks &c Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf Jyß
ludexical Silver Noap
Marion Harland, In “Common Sense tn the House
hold,” page 529, says: “For cleaning silver, I have for
vears used (he INDEXK AL SILVER SOAP. Besides
being clean mid easy of application, it will not wear
away the metal, as will whiting or chalk or plate pow
der. Sold everywhere. d3m an 18
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. E. A. GOODNOW,
dtf First National Hank
John s. Clark «fe Son, Commisson Merchants
and dealers tn Flour and Grain. Land Piaster, Lime, Cal
cincd Piaster, Gr. Bone. Cement. Balt, Guano, Super
phosphate of Lime, and Western Produce, Nos. 95 sd<
47 Front st., Worcester, Maes.
dtf JOHN H. CLARK A SON
Ij. M erriHeltl, Tuner of the Piano Forte. Orders
are received at Wm. Milcor ey’s, p. O. Block.
iyls dSAWtt
l>r. Henry F. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
013 dtf
M AU RI FI)
Un this city, Oct 29. by Rev 11 K Pervear, Rufus A
Fairbanks or Spencer, to Mary E Bellows of Paxton.
In this city. Nov I, by Rev C M I am>on, Everett L Sib
ley to Emma A Goddard, both of Worcester.
in Northboro', Oct .31. by Rev F L Hosmer, Abner
Vezina to Rosella Wells, boui of Worcester; 28th. by the
same. Austin .Mulhern to Elsie Randall, both of Hudson.
DIED
In this city, Oct 31, John Brown, aged 70 yrs 5 mm;.
in Sutton. Oct 23, rah E, wife of Sullivan Fuller,
aged 35 yrs 4 mos 23 days.
Utto
mna
AMERICAN BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
does all kinds of stitching, works button holes, and sews
over and over. If you want a Sowing Machine, be sure
and examine these before purchasing elsewhere.
I. 11. STOCK WELL,
3M MAIN STREET.
TUBT STEP IN TO FLETCHER'S, and
f look at tho-c Gentlemen’s Slippers, lust received
from the Manufactory No. 3 Bay State House Block,
Hur Puce Smre. 255 Mam st. dtf Qi
SITUATION WANTED To do general
housework. Apply at 26 Amoiiet st,
n 2 r d3t*
fltlv 'Abbcrtisfmcnts.
K eastern STAR.—There
AB will be a special meeting ot Stella
h ip’er No. 3. on FRIDAY EVE
NIM, Noe. 3, IRH, at Gh o’clock
precisely.
fa** attendance of the members Is
W earnestly requested, as visitors from
Springfield ar* expected at this meet
V Tickets for the banquet for sale at
T. M. Lamb’s. Harrington Corner. Per Order.
n 2 <V2t M. A. JOHNSON. Sec’y.
w A REGULAR ASSEMBLY 5
/TV. Co. Commandcr.v of Knights Tent
er will lie held THIS I hursday) EVENING,
at 7*4 o'clock.
V Work -R C.
112 dlt I\t Onl< r of Hie E. C.
t TEMPLE OF HONOR.-
Members of the Temple of Honor who
whh to attend the public installation of
Officers of Harmony Temple, ol Mi ibury.
wifi please report at Chapin Block. Pearl
st .at 6.15 r. M., THIS DAY, (Thursday.)
Stages leave at 6.30 precisely.
t er order of the Committee.
n 2 dlt T. I>. GARD.
LOST —At the Foster Street Depot, Wednes
day evening.
A WALLET.
containing about $25, and a check on the First National
Bank lor $24 84. signed by Henry. Welch, of Holden.
Whoever has found the name anil will let urn it to 156
Union sl, -hail lie suitably rewarded. dlt* n 2
PTyMOUTH SOCIETY!-The Ladies of
Plymouth Church and Society will hold a
TEA PARTY I
at Mrs. W. C. Barbour's, No. 18 Bowdoin st., THIS
(Thursdav) EVENING, at 8 o’clock There will he
Singing. Tableaux and other amu-ements.
Admittance 25 cents. dlt n 2
ECO Ni» EXH iTTtT'o'n
OF
FERNERIES, HANGING BASKETS AND AQUARIA
BY THE
Worcester Lyceum Natural History
Association.
The Exhibition will be held at the rooms of the Asso
ciation in Worcester Bank Block. Foster street.
TUESDAY EVENING. November 7, at 7*4 o'clock, and
WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY AFTERNOON and
EVENIN the Sth and 9th Inst. Premiums will be
awarded as follows:
For the best Fernery, $5; 2d $3; Pd $1: for the best col
lection of Ferns m pots. «3; 2d best, $1; for the best
stand or dish of Ferns and Mosses designed fir the Par
lor. s’; 2d best, $1; fur the best Fernery made from
native Ferns amt plants. $3; 2d best, $1: for the best
single specimen of Fern, $1; tor the best Hanging Bas
ket, $3; 2d best. $2: 3d best. >l. Gratuities may also be
awarded for other .specimens exhibited.
Notice should ne sent to the 'hairman or Secretary of
the Committee of Arrangements as soon as Friday. Nov.
3.1, by those intending to contribute, of the number of
specimens, and Hie room required tor them.
The hall- will Ite open for the reception ot Ferneries,
&e., Saturday afternoon. Nov. 4lh,and Monday afternoon
and Tuesday forenoon of the following week. Ferns and
Mosses will be offered tor -ale.
Admission—Season Tickets3s cis; single tickets 25 cfs;
children 15 cts. Tickets maybe obained at the Book
stores and at the floor of the hall.
N. PAINE, Chairman, C. E. PHELPS, Secretary of
Committee. dst n 2
J L SMITH CO.,
SUCCESSORS TO
W. K. FORBES CO.,
Would invite attention to their Stock of Goods, com
prising a full assortment of
HOSIERY AND GEOVES,
LA( E GOODS. EBIRKOIDEttIES,
H’K’FS, DRESS TRIMMINGS,
UI TTONS, VELVET RIBBONS,
YARNS, ZEPHYR WORSTEDS,
CANVAS, EMBROIDERY SIEKS,
SLIPPER PATTERNS,
KNIT WOOLEN GOODS,
UNDERWEAR,
SILK SCARFS AND TIES,
and a host of Small Wares and Fancy Goons too numer
ous to mention.
We are offering some bargains, among them are a lot
of Linen Collars at 10 cts.; a lot of Linen Handkerchiefs
very cheap; a good Linen Napkin, at $1.25 per doz.; a
lot Woolen Yarn, SI.OO a pound, or 25 cte. a skein—
slightly damaged.
1 Purchasers seeking lor desirable goods, at fair
prices, will please give us a call.
R. L. SMITH CO.,
if’ dlw Cor. Main and Elm Sts.
J UST STEP IN TO FLETCHEK’S? ami
look at tlio c Gentlemen’s Slippers, just received
from the .Manufactory. No. 3 Bay State House Block,
One Price Stun-, 285 Main st. dtf n 2
ANNOUNCEMENT
TO SKEPTICS
IN THE AGENCY OF PROF. MACS RHEUMATIC
NEW ZEALAND PLASTER.
Read the following letter as to its genuineness; visit
the gentleman; he is well known in this locality for
many years. But you have been so victimized bv hum
bug and quackery, were I to raise men from their graves
before your eyes y..u would not believe.
Blackstone Hotel, Millbury, Oct. 1. 1871.
Prof. Mac. 192 Harrison avenue, Boston:
Dear Sir:—Witli indescribable pleasure I drop you
these few lines, to acknowledge the great service you
have rendered me by your New Zealand Plaster. I have
been a severe sufferer from Rheumatism tor many years;
In fact I have not been free from it for the past 15 vears;
but in latter years my (rials, loss and suffering I’ cou'd
not pen. oftentimes obliged to use crutches and off and
on confined to my lied. Having tried innumerable reme
dies, I nearly gave up all hope of being cured. For
many days previous to your coming to my assistance I
was in a deplorable state—could not get sleep, although
taking opiates; my feel and knees swollen with excruci
ating pains; my loins painlul and weak; inv kidnevs
affected; my chest much affected, and a poof appetite.
sou applied your Plasters to all painful parts, which
gave me wonderful relief. In a few hours slept well;
in seven days 1 left my bed Gee from all pain, and am
now able to be about my busineas-|n 15 days—and daily
gaining strength and a gaol apoetite restored. Your
Blisters acted l|ke magic I and numerous acquaint
ances.. who know something of my sufferings, will be
only too happy to rocomniend your services to all others
affiicted. 1 am, dear sir.
Your ever faithful friend,
A. TuURTELLOTT.
Mac can be consulted free at the Unoohi
House, untd Saturday, 4lh inst. Detained from press ot
business Office at Boston open daily—conducted by a
competent assistant. Procure intensive pamphlet lor
particulars. dU* nl
z ABBOTT. Auctioneer,
Office No. 1 Central Exohange, Old p, o. Building.
piNE TIMBER AND WOOD
BY AUCTION.
Will be sold by Public Auction, on
Saturday, November 4th,
at <»ne o’clock P. M.,
on the farm of the late Francis Davis, situated near Ihe
centre of Holden,
10 Acres of Pine Timber and Wood,
iu lots io suit purchasers.
Terms al sa|e, o. G. DAVIS.
B. W. ABBOTT, Auctioneer.
Holden, Nov. 1,1871. d3t n 2
[JEALTH, MONEY, COMFORT’
TINGI.EY’S
AUTOMATIC HEAT GOVERNOR,
FOR HOT-AIR FI'RXACLN.
/I bis invention has now been thoroughly tested for
Four Years, and is offered to the public as a perfect
remedy mr toe inronvenitncM, dangers, and annoyances
arising from Furnaces as ordinarily managed. Some of
its advantages are
IsL A sure remedy for the escape of yas or smoke through
the house.
2d. An economy in the use of coal.
‘id. It prevents clinkers and the necessity of sifting
ashes.
4th Insures all danger against fire from an overheated
furnace.
sh. Hires uniformity of with every change
of the weather, sav.ng care and time in the manage
ment of thef urnace.
In or er to gain these advantages. It is onlv necessary
to kindle the tire, supply the coal, and leave the turnace
(without regard to the drafts,) »to the carb of the
-GOVERNOR.’’
Attached to Brick or Portable Furnaces, Old or New.
send for a Pamphlet.
Tingley Automatic Heat Governor Co.
T. V. PIIEI.PS, A Kent,
For Worcester County and Vicinltj, |Ofllce 22 Pearl st.,
Worcester, Mass. d3m n 2
pOSTON AND ALBANY RAILROAD
COMPANY.
A DIVIDEND of FIVE dollars per share, free of Gov
ernment (ax. will be payable on Wednesday, Novumlier
15111, ]K?l,to stockholders of record at the c'ose of busi
ness this day. CHIS. E. STEVENS, Treas.
Boston, Nov 1, 1871. dtn2o nl
A TTENTIONJ—This is to any man that
means Bizi—l will sell my place of Business, No.
7 Rogers' Block, to be appraised bv three disinterested
men. and I will obligate to take $250 Ic a than the ap
praisal. WILLIAM E. HUSE.
n 2 dlw*
4 LL~ INSTRUMENTS USED IN
2V BANDS; ALSO,
VIOLINS, Guitars, (Including Martin’s celebrated
Guitars,) Violoncellos, Double Basses, Concertinas.
French and German Accordeons, Flulinas. Banjos, Har
nmnicas, Flutes, Piccolos amt Flageolets, with all-things
needed In their use or repair, as:
STRINGS, Bows. Pegs, Finger Boards, Bridges, Reeds,
Screws, Ac.
Also, Tuning Forks, I'ltch Pipes and Tuning Hammers,
manufactured of the best slock, or Imported, and for
sale by
C. HAYNES A CO.,
33 Court st., opposite the Court House, Boston.
sl deopAwly
EFOR SALE—A splendid
of iNOacrcs. 60 acres wood and timber land;<flß
$;5 0 worth of wood stan Ung; a very supe-
rior, good style 2-story house—lo rooms—with L
22 x 50. painted and blinded, and in thorough order; nice
barn, 40 x 60, with cellar; aqueduct water to house ami
barn; mow mg done by machine; will keep 15 head sum
mer and White-: location very pleasant, on a main road,
anti every way desirable. Price $6,000
nJ dtf Ljl. ELY
1 HANOI- Any <nc having a nice Piano.
that they cannot convent* ntlv keep, and would
like to retain. If a goot place could he secured, can learn
particulars bv addressing Pl mo, Box 1106, Worcester
i.o dtf n2_
mABLE HOABDEKS can be acoommo-
B. dated at the corner of Gra lon st, and Penn avenue,
east front doori dlw* ui
Utto
JUST STEP IN TO FLETOHER'% and
look at tho.e Gentlemen’s Slippers, lust received
from the Manufactory. No. 3 Bay stale House Blook,
One Price Store, 285 Main-t. dtf n 2
WXTANTED B> tin- Manhattan Life Ina
Co. of New York, a General Agent for Western
Massachusetts. 21 years old, with income $2,500,0UU.
An unusual opportunity for a good cmvaMser.
Address, care Mr S. A. Howland, 22 I'earl si., who has
had Local Agency f r 17 years.
WM. A. CHILDS.
n 2 dlt* Sup’t Agencies.
SITU AT lON WANTED A« cook" oi
housekeeper, or any emergency. Apply at 149 Union
st., (old number 29 d3t* nJ
A COLORED LAUNDBW wishes to
get washing by the day, or take it at borne.
11. FRANCIS.
n 2 d3t No. 9 Lily st., lea Ung from No. Ashland st.
CJITUATION WANTED—To do general
'>u-'“'Work,in a private family In the city. Applvat
the rear of No 1 Green st. d3U n 2
A GENTS WANTED?
T® 8<!| l a new. pretty and useful article; one that
aimus everybody wants when they see it. Apply, from
8 lo 12, tills Thursday)morning, at
THE LINCOLN HOUSE.
n 2 dlt’ ornet ot Mainand Elm -t- Room No. 42.
JOHN G. DALY, Gardener and Florist, is
ready to attend any or’ers for Gardening Green
house work. Grading of Grounds. Ac., Ac., that mavbe
leu for him, at J. 1). LOVELL’S. 446 Main st. y
112 <l6l*
TO RENT—To a man and wife, a tenement
of 5 rooms, at No. 98 Chatham st Also, a pleasant
furnished lodging room. E. W. CARTER
n 2 dtf
f|lO RENT—A lower tenement of 7 rooms.
JL Inquire at No. 4 Wesby st. dlw* n 2
Notices.
SOUTHLAND’S OBCHESTrT.
WORCESTER, MASS.
Private Parties, Balls, Picnics, Festivals ami Excur
sions furnishetl with any number of Pieces at the short
est notice. G. 11. WILSON, Prompter.
Order Book at Richards, Metcalf A Co's. 444 Main st.
Also, at Office ot G. 11. Southland, 21 Crompton’s Block’
Mechanic n.
Mr. g. H. Wilson, thankful for past favors, solicits a
continuation of the same in future. u3w* 030
WORCESTER COUNTY MECHANICS
T ASSOCIATION.
Tickets for tin* Apprentices’ Drawing Class are
now ready for delivery, and may be obtained of the clerk
ii n n Vi 1 at ,ih “Wee, No. 26 Pearl st., and at the
Hall. Ibursday. saturdav, and Monday Evenings, on
i oll 2' lor this year's dues. Class will
meet Friday Evening, November 3. 1871.
«»7t Clerk.
Boston and Albany railroad
company.
BTO C KIIOED ERS* MK FT ING.
A Special Meeting of the siockliolders of the Boston
an l Albmv Railroad Company will be held at the Rooms
ol the Corporation, in the Passenger station, at the cor
m r ot Beach and Albany streets. In Boston, on THURS
DAY. the second day of November, proximo, at eleven
o clock a. m, to see if they will authorize an issue of
Bonds to meet the requirements of ihe Corporation.
By order of the Board of Directors.
J. A. RUM RILL, Secretary and Clerk.
Springfield. October 23, 1871. dtm 0 25
QREEN WO O D IN STIT UT E
h Miles from Boston.,
OX THE BOSTON AND MAINER. R.
This Institution is established for the reception and
treatment of patients suffering from disease ur derange
ment of the nervous system, caused by overtaxing the
brain, by too sedentary habits, or ilie excessive or in
judicious use of alcoholic or narcotic stimulants.
The terms for board an l treatment are from sls to s3d
a week, varying according to the accommodations re
quired tor the patients. Incases requiring ext raordi
narv care and attention, there will be a proportionate
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed to me at Greenwood, Mass, or
at my office in Boston, will be immediately answered.
Patients are expected to remain such length of time
as may be deemed necessary.
Payments will be required la advance.
Boston Ofliee—Rooms No. II Tremont Temple. Offlc
hours—lo A. M. to 2 o clock r. m.
ALBERT DAY, M. D.,
Superintendent and Physician.
Greenwood. Aul. 12.1871. deop39t oirt
OUQ I. ETS, WREA TH S,
CUT FLOWERS,
House Plants., &e. &c.
FOR SALE BY
JOHN S. KALLARI) &CO„
DEALERS IM
Groceries and House Furnishing Goods,
CHAFIN BLOCK, FCARL STREET.
djstf
rraE SUBSCRIBER resiHatfully an-
A nounces to Hie public, that he has leased the
“HALE BARN,”
at the corner of Liu re 1 and Hanover streets, and has
remodeled and thoroughly stocked the same, for the
purposesol a
FIRST CLASS LIVEhY AND BOARDING STABLE.
Single and Double Teams furnished upon cafL
Liberal patronage solicited.
®l» dim* WI EEAR D If I’M EH.
TV ASHING MACHINES OUTDONE!—
Y Call at JOHN S. BALLARD [Co’S, t hapln
Block, 1 earl st., and see Prentiss’ Novelty Wasner.
nl uis2w
yy EL C H GR I EI T H
CELBBUATED
i saws
WOOO NA M N,
OROSS-CVT SAWM, ot ail descriptions,
Are Superior to all Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFRCT SATISFACTION OUARANTEKD.
For sale by Hardware and Country lXAfe», and I
the Manufacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
-7 dA w3m 11. SA- 111 Federal NC, Boston
WORCESTER
Industrial Advertising Agency
A N D
GFNERAE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE,
Room No. 1 Rogers’ Block,
Corner Main and Pleasant streets,
lufe, Fire mid Accidental CdMurauce
Promptly Attended 10.
HOUSES. TENEMENTS, STORES. ROOMS,
AC.. SECURED FOR THOSE WHO WISH.
Property Rented, Bills Collected, Situations Found for
Domestics, and Help obtained on the most reasonable
terms. Domestics secured for general housework, cooks,
c.liainberuvdds. kitchen girls, table waiters tor hotels
and saloons and general information given to those who
are coming into the city and are looking tor work, or de
sire a situation in any kind of business.
AGENTS WANTED—To canvass the country and
sell Patent Articles and Yankee Notions.
Office hours from 8 to 12, from 2 to 5, and 6 to A
dtf
Dissolution <>r copartnership
The firm heretofore ex sting, under the name o
REVERE HEWETT, is tuis dav dissolved by muuia
consent. N. L. REVERE,
8. A. HEWETI\
I shall continue the business of General Jobbing Re
pairing Sewing Machines. Ac heretofore c<jnductedby
Revere A Hewett, at No. 80 SouthbridgQ st.
Worcester. Oct. 23, 1871. dit
STRAYED- From the iiasture
,Ih Mibserils.rjn Leicester. 3 WEBT
SIEERS. Were hist seen In the
-»uthva-tern part of Auburn. The tinder
will be liberally icwanled on giving in ormation of their
whereabouts to M. A. WHEELER,
_025 d2w&wH_ Leicester.
STRAYED OR STOLEN—From
Philtre of he subscriber, TWO SMALL
COWS, about six years old; one with
sharp horns, the other .blunted. Information
will be suitab.y rewarded. D. IL GATES,
nl dlwA wil* Gates Lane, New Worcester.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICE. The firm
of Davis A Knowlton.
Grocers and Dealers in Flour Grain.
8 this day dissolved by Knit ualconsent. The business of
the late tirm will be settled by D. W. Knowlton, who
will continue the business at Hie old' stand, No. 1U Grove
street. J. WALTER DAVIS,
mv2M dtf 11. W. KNOWLTON.
AP. AMES, Residence, No. 35 North
zYshland street. Carpels made, denied, put down,
and linings furnished. Hauses cleaned, windows washed,
furniture polislied, offices and furnace tires cared for,
families assisted in moving. Ac.
One Price Only. Terms Strictly Cash.
Slate—No. 1 Post Office. Hours, 7a. m., 12 X., and 6P.
m. MRS. A. P- AMES. Gentlemen’s laundry work dune.
Terms as above. dt f sl2
Dutton a a removed
to t he new and spacious store, corner ot Laurel ami
Hanover sts., where can be found ihe best line ot Gro
eriesan Provisions. Thankful for past favors, by fair
dealing we hope to attract additional t rade.
028 .Itt DI ITOS A Al slt.X
AND CLOAK MAKISIS
MRS. A. C. GRUBB
would respectfully inform the ladies of WorceKer find
vicinity, that she will open rooms for Dress and Cloak
Making, at 424 Main st., cor Pleasant, on Monday, Oct
9, Room No. 4. dim* <>4
ICE BILLS! -Please call and pay your foe
Bills, at No. 4 Exchange st. office* horns from Ju a.
M. to 124, 3 to 4 and 1 toH r. M.
UM diw B w ALE I I: A CO.
Hard and white pine timber
On hand and Sawed to Dimensions.
HARD PINE PLANK, HARD PINE FLOORING
and STEP BOARDS, or sale by
STKT »U N A PUPfe
Wharf and Dock—First, corner of E strewL Office N
mh27 in State st RnsTni;.
ZIASH PAID for Ladies’ mid Gentlemen’s
V 7 Lett-off Wearing Apparel. &o. »Article n will u.
called for by aildressing W. T„ Box 123, Worcester
026 dlw*
tllOO to n,on 9* K“nm.
a tied sure to Agentseverv-
where selling our new seven strand Wmitr Pi vtina
CLOTIIRS lines. Sells readily at every house. Sample*
free. Address the GIRARD WIRE MILLS
O» deopAweowim* Philadelphia.’ l’a.
Hyacinths, tulips, and
Dutch Bulbs, for sale by
dtf JOHN 8. BALLARD A CO.
PINE GARDEN sale at
No- M King st. JOEL FLETCHER,