>tbr I
PUBLISHED EVERT MORNING,
(BTNDAY EXCEPTEO,)
t *3 per year. If paid strictly Id advance
Ollirm i*e, 75 Cents per Month.
if be ftlassathnsdfs
ESTABLISHED JULY. 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At S 3 per Annum.
J D. BALDWIN .V CO., Proprietor*.
NO. 414 MAIN STREET.
(iMottcsfcr Jhiln Spy.
CITY NEWS.
The lyccnm lecture committee inform ns that
♦luy expect n great treat in the lecture of Hon.
William Parsons thi* evening.
The sale of ticket* to Theo Thomas' grand
concert will open this morning nt nine o’clock,
at the music store of Richards Metcalf Co.
The next public temperance meeting: at the
Summer street chapel -w ill beheldonSunday
evening.
The increased attendance al Horticultural
hall renders it necessary for Col. Bachcldcr to
give three lectures daily- 11 A. M., 3 and 8 p. »h
Exhibition closes Saturday.
The finance committee of the Boston and Al
hany railroad have decided to issue only a mil
lion and a half of bonds. The bonds have
twenty years to run at seven percent, interest.
The attention of school teachers is called to
the notice of the superintendent of schools re
garding the Gettysburg exhibition, in another
column. But three days remain to admit the
pupils of the public schools.
Tickets of admission to the kvec and reunion
of the State Guard, at the new armory, on Fri
day evening, Ike, 8, arc now fur sale by the
members. The names of the committee on re
freshments will be fmblished in an advertise
ment, tomorrow, and the full programme will
be announced in a few days.
The entertainment in the vestry of the Uni
vcrsalist church, on Friday evening, is in the
bands of well known amateurs of this city,
which is a suffi ient guarantee of its success;
and all who enjoy an evening with the light
drama will avail themselves of this opportunity.
Mr. and Mrs. John F. Sutton were pleasantly
surprised, at their residence in New Worcester,
on Tuesday evening last, by a gathering of some
one hundred of their friends and neighbors, who
presented them with an elegant China tea set
and several articles of silver ware, as a memento
of the fifteenth anniversary of their marriage.
A meeting of ladies interested in the success
vs the present movement to secure to woman,
through the action of our next legislature, the
right to vote at the approaching presidential elec
tion, will be held at the house of Mrs. Harrison
Bliss, 12 Main street, on Friday next, at 2i
o'clock p. m. The question for special consider
ation will be, aid for the forthcoming woman
suffrage bazar in Boston. If, at the time an
nounced, it should be stormy, the meeting will
not be held till the next comfortable afternoon.
The book store of L 11. Bigelow was closed
yesterday, and emblems of mourning on the door
made known to the public the death of the pro
prietor. The news was received with very general
sorrow, for Mr. Bigelow had won the sincere
friendship of many persons, and was universally
respected. He succeeded to the firm of Grout
Bigclow about three years ago, and until the
beginning of his sickness, which dated from a
cold taken last summer, cnjoyi d excellent health.
In the putting down of the southern rebellion
he had an honorable share, going away among
the first volunteers from Worcester, and subse
quently serving as an officer in the 51st regi
ment. He was, at the time of his death, a direc
tor of the Mechanics’ association.
Among those who paid fines for drunkenness
in the municipal court Tuesday morning, were
two men who were found in a helpless state of
intoxication before light—one with $469 in his
pocket, and the other with $175. One was a
marble-worker and the other a stone-cutter,
each on his way to Chicago, where men of those
crafts arc in demand just now. They paid their
fines of $3 and costs without even a grumble,
and went on their way rejoicing that they had
been taken bodily instead of having had their
money taken.
Horttcuitural.—At the last meeting there
were the following entries: S. W. Kent: pears—
Beurrc Did. The specimens were handsome
and large, awaking memories of this variety in
its better days. Also Dachesse. Frank J. Kin
ney: grapes—Enmelan, Israella, Diana, Tele
graph, Delaware. Edward W. Lincoln: pears—
Glout Morccan, Josephine de Malines, Lawrence,
Winter Nelis. D. B. Comins: apples, gtown by
'buries Eager- Baldwin, large and fair. James
F. Allen: apples—Esopus Spitzenberg; Wine
sap? (doubtful); both grown in the west;
pears—Vicar, Glout Morccan, Lawrence. The
libran will be open this r. m at the usual
hour.
Peace Jubilee.—We have received the fol
lowing notice for publication:
A meeting will be held in Mechanics hall on
Friday evening of this week, at 71 o'clock, to
celebrate the ratification of the “Treaty of
Washington.’’ “The treaty of Washington may
possibly inaugurate a peaceful arbitral on of all
disputes among nations.” Addresses will be
made by several gentlemen, and there will be
music under the direction of Mr. B.D. Allen.
Edward Earle, I’ L Moen,
Isaac Davis, L W Pond.
Henry hapin, Albert Curtis,
G W. Richardson, WT Merrifield,
W W Rice, S Sweetser,
Phinehas Ball, 11 K Pervear,
P Emory Aldrich, E Culler,
P Bacon, \V R Huntington.
Alex II Bullock. R B Stratton,
Albert Tolman, Edward H Hall,
Geo F Hoar, C M Lannon,
John J Power.
Municipal Court. —The court had a very
fair run of business yesterday, mostly of the
drunken sort: Patrick Colton appealed from a
sentence to pay $lO and costs for keeping
liquor, and the case of Wm. Vaugh, for assault
and battery, was continued. The cases for
drunkenness numbered nine, and included Mi
chael B Welch, John Newton, Thomas Cawcry,
George Headrick, Cornelius Lyons. Morris Nel
ligan, Thomas Ryan, Charles L. Upham, and
Michael Coffee. Headrick, Lyons and Ryan
were unable to pay their fines and went to jail.
Upham’s case was continued. The others paid
fines, with the exception of Coffee, the grounds
for whose complaint did not warrant severer
punishment than an order by the judge to pay
the costs of court. This bo was unable to do;
and they will have more Coffee at the county
jail until Michael’s costs have been pegged out
in the county shoe-shop.
Mu. Thrall’s Hotel in Mobile.—A corre
spondent of the New York Express traveling in
the south, devotes a large share of one of his let
ters to the discussion of southern hotels. He
says:—“To find a good hotel in the south is
rather the exception than the rule. In my con
siderably extended experience, I can note only
three first-class hotels in this section. First, of
course, stands the magnificent and perfectly
managed 11. I. Kimball house, at Atlanta, Ga.
Next in my list must come the old and always
reputable St. Charles, at New Oilcans. Next
comes the Battle house, of Mobile, which, al
though of late has been classed as passe, changed
hands on the Ist inst., and is now under the skil
ful proprietorship of George Thrall, Esq., whose
reputation both north and south as a gentleman
who knows how to keep a hotel, is second to
none other. Arriving here at the comtneno
ment of the season, and so recently, lie has had
little time for reformation as yet; but the uni
versal verdict of the permanent guest is “great
progress’’ already. Before another year passes
he will have this house, not only in general con
venience and elegance, as it is now in comfort
and cuisine, a first-class hotel in every particu
lar.”
One of the Narrow Escapes—Mr. H. K.
Hammond of this city was on the steamer City
of New London when she burned yesterday
m ’rning, an account of which appears among
the dispatches. He arrived at his home on
Bowdoin street last evening, very much fa
tigued by the hardship endured, having barely
escaped with his life. Mr. Hammond’s busi
ness is located in Norwich for the present, and
to that place he was returning from a trip to
New Yoik, in company with Mr. Wm.T. Nor
ton of Norwich, who was among the
lost. They were together in the ex
treme bow of the boat, and arranged to
escape by means of the flag-staff halyards.
with Kvk one and lowered them-
<lorccstcv £l;um
VOL. 26, NO. 278.
selves to the water to remain until they could be
taken (IT. Hammond never saw Norton after
that, mu has anything yet been Ibu nd to show
whether be became exhausted and dropped into
the water to drown, or was killed by some fall
ing object. When Hammond v.ds hlken off he
was so far gone Mill exhaustion as to swoon
nwdy, and remain unconscious fur several hours,
during which lime he had been removed to a
house on the river bank.
The Exley Doin'e, or tpe Un M rer Bar
rel Trick A TaLe of Three Bottles. —A
device fur concealing liquor was discovered by
State Constable Bussell, the other dayj which,
regarded as a mark of genius, Would do credit
to any of the cunning old smugglers we read of.
Joe Exley is the keeper of a saloon in Green
street, wmre his shop aspires only to the repu
tation of disbursing beer, cigars and other non
sensical but legal articles of merchandise. Mr.
Bussell has. nolo ithstanding innocent appear
ances, lor several weeks, suspected thill a more
potent intoxicant than beer was daily dealt out
to the patrons of Joe, but could find no liquor
about the establishment on searching it at two
different times, lie ti ied again, however, and
just as he was about to give up the third search
as ineffectual, his attention was drawn to a half'
barrel of crackers which he remembered having
sem on both of Ids previous visits. In order to
satisfy himself in regard to the genuineness
of the crackers, ho thrust his hand into
the barrel, and to his astonishment found a
false head after removing a few layers of crack
eis. This false head was not without its idea—
or at least the truth in the adage that “two
heads arc bettor than one,” received new verifi
cation in this instance: for the barrel head sug
gested to the offi-ial head finding it that the
trail had at been struck, and that this in
nocent appearance of chcrp and matricious
food unde, the counter was a delusion arranged
with intent to deceive eyes official. The barrel
was moved and exam'.nod and seemed to lie all
right until a pressure on one of the staves lie
low the false head revealed a contrivance by
which the hand was admitted, the stave having
been cut off and placed in with a hinge and
clastic spring, which caused everything to come
back into place on withdrawing the hand.
Within this half-barrel basement, constructed
in a manner which would astonish the original
cooper, there stood three blunted Imttles, repre
senting the three disgraces—whiskey, gin and
rum. Now that Joe’s cracker joke has been
cracked, be will have to rack his ingenious
brain for a new style of bottle-holder.
The Technical School.—The catalogue of
this institution noticed in another column con
tains the announcement of a new feature in re
gard to which our readers will desire full in for
mation. We therefore publish the following
letter from Hon. Stephen Salisbury of Worces
ter, conveying to the trustees of the
free institute a donation of ten thousand dollars,
to establish a graduates’ aid fund:
It is the common experience of schools for the
direct application of scientific instruction, to the
active operations of business, that the best ob
jects of t heir care are tempted to withdraw, before
they have passed through the course which has
been carefullv arranged for their greatest benefit.
T here is mure danger of this, because many stu
dents come for a certain preparation, which par
tial instruction may give them confidence to ac
quire, and the talent that is unexpectedly,
though nartially, developed, will invite such
liberal offers of employment as may lead them
to forego the advantage of the full course. That
this institute has reached the end of its first
course of three years, with few voluntary with
drawals lor lucrative occupations, is honorable
to the faithfulness of the instructors and the
good sense and persvverence of the senior class.
And it is pleasant here to recognize the fact
that some who have deserted their place in the
class, do not desert or disown the advantage
they have received here.
lii view ol the considerations to which I have
briefly alluded, 1 n quest you to establish an in
ducement for the continued aftendence of stu
dents to the end of the required course of the in
stitute, which will he honorable, tangible ami
acceptable, and if not large, it may be in some
cases sufficient to give a right turn to the scale,
ami by future contributions it maybe increased.
Like the freedom suit, it will make more wel
come t‘ic parting paternal blessing.
I offer to yon a donation of ten thousand dol
lars, which 1 ask you to leceivc as the com
mencement of a fund to be called the graduates’
aid fund, and this donation is to be held by you
ami your successors, in trust,to be safely and pro
ductively invested, ami the income thereof is to
be anpropriaied,/n>7 to maintain the full present
value of the donation, ami second, the balance
of the income is to be distributed in money to
students who shall finish rhe prescribed course
of tne institute with the greatest faith fulness and
excellence according to the determination of the
trustees. As to the recipients of the amount to
he given I will only suggest that I think there is
gre termed of this aid in the department of me
chanical work and engineering. It is not ex
pected that ihis fund will be a relief for those
who are dependent on pecuniary aid for ordi
nary expenses. For them other provision will
probably be made by friends of the institute. But
there are many children deprived of the health
ful consciousness of the necessity of effort by
the indulgence of industrious and frugal and
of wealthy parents who will be better fur the
stimulus of a well earned payment at the end of
their course at this institute.
Very icspccifully yours,
Stephen Salisbury.
The rules for the distribution of the graduates’
aid fund, adopted by the trustees, June 26, 1871,
are:
1. The income available for such distribution shall
b* l given to six of the most meritorious students
who have faithfully, industriously and with distin
guished attainments completed the full course of
tnree vears, provided that no student receive over
one hundred dollars or less than ninety dollars.
2. If the said income is not sufficient to give nine
ty dollars to six students the same shall be divided
iiito live equal parts, not exceeding one hundred
dollars, and disposed of as above directed, to live
students.
3. In case of any fractional balance remaining
after the distribution, the same shall bp carried to
the account of income for the next year.
4. The names of students deserving this distinc
tion shall be presented by the faculty to the trus
tees toward the close of each year, with the grounds
and faits which determine the selection. The trus
tees shall decide which persons shall receive the
award and the departments among which they shall
be given, preference, other things being equal, tube
in tayor of the mechanical department.
5. The names of the meritorious students receiv
ing the awards shall be recorded tor preservation.
6. The rules shall be iu force until otherwise or
dered by the board.
COUNTY NEWS.
..Fire in [Millbury.—Two barns in West
Millbury, bcloupfing|to Peter Dolan, were burned
Tuesday evening with thirteen head of cattle,
two horses, several swine, a large stock of hay
and grain, etc., belonging to Mr. Dolan. One
ot the barns was occupied as a stable by Messrs.
E. B. Walker Co., who are building a large
dam in the vicinity. They succeeded in saving
all their horses. The fire occurred about six
o’clock, but nothing of its origin is definitely
known. Mr. Dolan’s property was insured in
the Worcester mutual office forsl9so.
Superior (Civil) Court at Fitchburg
—Scudder, J.— Wednesday Nov. 22.—The case
of Charles B. Ford vs. the Fitchburg railroad
company, for damages for injuries from a boiler
explosion, which has occupied about four days,
in the trial, was given to the jury at half-past
three o’clock, and at half-past five o’clock they re
turned a verdict for the plaintiff,awarding dam
ages to the amount of $6,838.32. This is the
third time this case has been tried, with a ver
dict for the plaintiff each time. The|plaintiff
had been several years a freight engineer on the
road, and at the time of the explosion, April 1,
1870, he was just starting out of Fitch
burg with his engine and a heavy train
attached, near the know nothing crossin”-.
At the first trial, in November, 1870, the jury
awarded S4OOO damages; and at the second trial,
in May, 1871, $5375 damages were awarded.
Both those verdicts were set aside as excessive
and contrary to the evidence, by Judges Wilkin
son and Brigham, successively. At the present
trial, before Judge Scudder, the same testimony,
substantially, was gone over with, some forty
five witnesses being examined, of whom about
fifteen were for the plaintiff and thirty for the
defence. The testimony for the defence included
a large number of tail road officials, superintend
ents, master mechanics and machinists, &c.,
from various roads iu New England.
The closing argument of Mr Torrey for the
plaintiff occupied about two hours, and that of
Mr. Staples for the defence two hours and
a quarter, both taking up the entire forenoon.
Bwh picas were very Icarucd and able, The
judge occupied one hour in his charge, which I
was exceedingly clear amiable. He idled that 1
if the plaintill’ had reason to know the engine
was unsafe; he rdnld not feeoveri 11 tlichj Was
shown to be negligence or want of due case oil the
part of the plaintiff, as well as on the part of the
defendant corporation, plaintiff could not recov
er. If there was no want of reasonable care or
prudence on the part of the plaintiff and nt the
sumo, time U Want oi proper calc or manage-
Went on the part of the defendants, in not keep
ing their engines, &e., in proper or sale condi*
tlon, the plaintiff could recover.
The ?asc of Stuart Vs. Smith, for damages fur
diversion of water from the mill of the plaintiff,
in Sterling, was begun, ami will occupy the
whole of another day.
Methodist Sunday school ConvenTioni
A very interesting convention of Bunday schools
connected with the Methodist churches in Wor*
tester County, was held in the Methodist church
in Clinton, yesterday. There was asocial meet
ing for an hour, beginning at half-past eight
o’clock, Dr. S. W. Cooke of Worcester in the
chair, after which the convention Was perma
nently organized by the choice ol E. P. Whit*
taker for president, K A. Clapp of Worcester
for vice president, and Dr. S. W. Cooke of Wor
cester for secretary. After prayer by Rev. J
Scott of Boston, the question, “flow can a gen
eral and more constant attendance upon the
schools be secured?” was discussed by Rev. J.
Peterson of Leominster, Rev. E Burlinghani of
Townsend, Bev. Mr. Silverthorne of South
bridge, and Rev. A. McKeown, F. A. Clapp, and
Dr. S. W. Cooke of Worcester.
The question, “What can be done to induce
scholars to study their lessons before coining to
school,” was discussed by Rev. G. W. 11 Clarke
of Fitchburg, T. E. Tatcum of Worcester, Rev.
N. D. George ol Oakdale, Rev. William Pente
cost of Worcester, Rev. W. A. Braman of Clin
ton, E. P. Whittaker ami Dr. S. W. Cooke.
The subject of “Sacred geography in Sabbath
school teaching” was then discussed by Rev. H.
I). Weston of Oakdale, Mrs. Rev. .1. S. Barrows
of Fitchburg, Mrs. Tatcum of Worcester, Rev.
H. Lummis of Natick, F. A. Clapp ami Dr.
Cooke.
The afternoon session was opened with an
swering questions, which was very
done by Rev. L. <’rowel I of Worcester. The
question of “The bearing of Sabbath school in
struction upon Christian missions,” was then
discussed by Mrs. Barrows, Rev. Pliny Wood,
Dr. Cooke and Rev L. Crowell. This was followed
by a discussion of the question, “How far should
skeptical questioning on the part of scholars
be encouraged or allowed by teachers,” led by
Rev. Henry Lu minis, in an exceedingly able
essay, favorable to allowing honest inquiry on
al) points, to meet the questions of the day by
intelligent answers. Rev. Mr. McKeown fol
lowed, saying the questions should be put in
proper form. He did not fully agree with all the
positions of the essayist. Rev. J. Scott said we
should sustain the authority of the scriptures in
order to show up the seep icism of the times.
“The duty of self-culture on the part of Sab
bath-school teachers” was enlarged upon by
Rev. N. I). George of Oakdale, ami Rev. E. D.
Chase of Shrewsbury.
At six o’clock there was a children’s meeting,
and in the evening addresses on various points
connected with Sabbath-school work.
The ladies of the church in Clinton furnished
excellent and ample collations on the occasion.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGKAPB
TO TUB WOttCESTFS MAILT BFT
FROM EUROPE.
Circat Britain.
CHANCE FOR ANOTHER EXCITEMENT.
Lon don, Nov. 22.—Piepaiations are making
for a mass meeting in London next week, at
which Sir Charles Dilke will be the principal
speaker.
FURTHER PARTICULARS.
Preparations are being made for a gran 1 re
publican demonstration, to take place in this
city during next week. It is expected that
speeches will be dclivtrcd by Messrs. Odgcr,
Bradlaugh and others prominent in the republi
can and labor reform movement. It is probable
that delegates will be in attendance representing
the various republican branches throughout the
country. Committees have been appointed for
the purpose of securing unity of action on the
part of tlie different organizations interested, and
it is believed the forthcoming demonstration
will be the largest and most influential ever at
tempted in London.
ROYAL LIBRARY CONTRIBUTION.
It is announced that it is the intention of
Queen Victoria to forward copies of the books
written by her majesty descriptive of life and
scenes in the Scottish Highlands, and also con
taining reminiscences of the late prince consort
to the Chicago library, which is now being sub
scribed tor, and which is io replace the for
mer library, destroyed by the fire. The hand
somest donation is tu be accompanied by the
royal autograph.
Italy.
THE POPE.
Rome, Nov. 22.—A consistory will be held
Friday for the “preconization” of bishops. The
pope on that occasion will pronounce an allocu
tion in which he is expected to declare what
course he hus decided to take now that King
Victor Emanuel is in Rome, and parliament will
soon open its session in that city.
Belgium.
DISCUSSION ABOUT AN APPOINTMENT.
Brussels, Nov. 22.—There was an animated
debate to-day in the Belgian chamber of repre
sentatives, upon the subject of the appointment,
as governor of the province of Limburg, of
Decker, former manager of the Belgian school
system. The appointment was vigorously at
tacked by the opposition and warmly defended
by the government. The unpopularity of the
appointee is such that crowds ol the populace
marched this evening to the king’s palace, and
loudly demanded the dismissal of the ministry.
In view of these demonstrations, preparations
are made by the military for the suppression of
any disorder.
From Washington.
PETROLEUM ON STEAMBOATS.
Washington, I). C., Nov. 22.—The solicitor
of the treasury decides that any passenger on a
steamboat carrying petroleum, contrary to law.
is subject to seizure, but the oil itself is not;
also, that, when carried according to law, all pe
troleum must be marked at what degree of
Farenheit it will ignite, and the transportation
of coal oil on passenger steamers is entirely for
bidden.
NAVAL.
Chief Engineer King, ol the navy, who recent
ly visited European dockyards, etc., recom
mends, in his report, that'all vessels hereafter
put afloat for the navy be supplied with machine
ry of the compound type, and that all marine
engines stored in navy yards be disposed of.
Some space is given to the necessity of properly
training young men lor the engineer corps.
ALEXIS.
Alexis arrived at 7.30 o’clock this evening.
The railroad depot was thronged. The duke
and suite, however, reached the front part of the
depot without being generally known. Cata
cazy’s carriage was waiting, and the duke,
Catacazy, Admiral Poisset and the principal
secretary took seats. The duke bowed to the
people about the carriage, who cheered in return.
The carriage proceeded to the house of the Rus
sian minister, where the duke remains. The
rest of the suite proceeded to the Arlington
house, over which was flying the Russian flag.
The grand duke is the only member of the
party entertained by the Russian minister.
The minister called on Secretary Fish, to offi
cially inform him of the arrival ot the grand
duke, and make preliminary arrangements for
presentation to the president to morrow, which
will probably take place at noon.
ELECTION.
At the election to-day on the lean bill author
izing the creation of a debt by rhe issue of four
millions in bonds tor special improvements and
repairs in the district, there was a majority of
probably twelve thousand in favor of the loan.
Criminal B ecord.
ANOTHER NATHAN MURDERER.
San Francisco, Nov. 22.—A seaman recently
died at the United States marine hospital, who
confessed to having committed murder to obtain
money, but refused to give particulars. A ship
mate, whom he told other particulars, believes
him to be the principal actor or accomplice in
the murder of Mr. Nathan in New York.
O. L. Nims, a leading grain dealer of Buffalo,
His liabilities are reported at a
quarter ol a million. He has an immense
amount of grain in store at Buffalo and New
an A"^? a VtiJ t is s “PPOBcd that his assets
will meet his liabilities.
WORCESTER; THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 23, 1871.
Terrible Disaster.
llitrniiiK of the Mtenmcr <'ity of NrG
I.Omlnu—A Wcrne of Flxcitrinrilt itml
heOlh 'l'hi Hr CH Lost, etc.
Norwich, Nov. 22.—The Beamer City of New
London, Captain Brown, of the Norwich and
New Vork line, took fire this morning the
river Thames, about five Riites below the city, at
half past four o’clock. The flames were first
discovered issuing from one of the ventilators.
The captain, who was on deck, ordered the boat
anchored, and immediately set to work to ex
tinguish the flames, and after a short time the
efforts were apparently successful, and a rigid
examination no tumes of fire. The
fihuhoi* Was theil weighed and the boat proceed
ed up the riVer. When about three miles be
low tho city nbreitst the mouth of Poquetannock
cove,fire was discovered in the cotton on deck.
The donkey pumps were started and the captain
and engineer, aided by the crew, in less than one
minute had three streams on the fire. Despite
all exertions the fire spread with great rapidity,
rtnd soon enveloped all the forward part of the
boat. The captain seeing the efforts to eXtih*
guish the fire useless, ordered the boat beached,
but the engineer could not start the engine. The
donkey pumps were, however, still kept at work,
until the engineer notified the captain that he
feared an explosion of the boilers, in which
event all would be lost.
THE LAST HOPE.
The spread of the flames had, in the mean
time, cut off all vommuhicatioh with tile bbats
and rendered the life-presetVcfs inaccessible.
The passengers and crew then threw themselves
into the water, clinging to such portions of the
cargo and boat as had fallen overboard.
Those who were able to swim had not much
difficulty in reaching the shore, except the drill*
ing temperature of the water. Some were picked
up by boats from the floating pieces of the cargo
in an exhausted condition and taken to farm
houses in the vicinity, where they were cared
for and resuscitated. A train with a tire engine
was taken down from the city, but too late to be
of service. .She had drifted down the stream
and to the leeward about a quarter of a mile be
low Wahlen island when abandoned by the
crew. The City of New London was a first-class
beat and had a large cargo on board.
A LATER ACCOUNT—THE DEAD.
Evening. —The loss of lite by the disaster to
the Citj' of New London is greater than was an
ticipated. The passengers were only seven in
number, but, of these, Win. L. Norton, firm oi
Norton Brothers, C. B. Rogers, firm of C. B.
Rogers|& Co., and Harrison R. Aldrich, all of
this city, were lost. The officers and deck hands
known to be lost arc: Wm. P.Ely, Hamburg,
Ct., second mate; M. W. Baker, Norwich, engi
neer; Henry Dugan, New London, steward;
Webster Cooper, New York,second cook; Frank
Flowers, residence unknown, waiter; Warren
Mitchell, oiler; Driscoll, Sullivan, Pat
rick Mahoney and Thomas Rourke, deck hands.
THE LOSS AND INSURANCE.
The New London carried a heavy freight of a
miscellaneous character, principally cotton,
rugs, groceries, leather, hides, etc., which, to
gether with the boat, is a total loss. On account
of the absence of the manager of the line from
the city, it is impossible to ascertain the insur
ances. They arc understood to be SIOO,OOO on
the boat.
SAFETY APPLIANCES.
The fire extinguishing apparatus and life sav
ing appliances were ample, and in perfect order,
but the rapid spread of the flames cut oft’the
approach to the boat and saloon where they
were, and passengers and crew had to save
themselves Ly grasping such floating matter as
fell overboard irom the burning boat.
AFTER THE FIRE.
A large force of men and boars has been at the
scene of the disaster all day, and a vigilant
search for the bodies of missing passengers ami
crew has been instituted, but only succee ling
in finding the bodies of :wo men,*deck hands,
which were brought to the city and taken pos
session of by a coroner, who iiupannelled a jury,
which, after viewing the bodies, adjourned un
til to morrow.
COOLNESS AND BRAVERY.
The officers of the boat, especially the captain
and engineer, received great praise for their
coolness and bravery in the trying position, the
former escaping bv lowering himself from the
paddle box by a heaving line when all other
avenues of escape were closed by the flames, and
clinging to the paddles until rescued fin an ex
hausted condition, and the latter losing his life
after giving his life-preserver, which he got
from his room on the upper deck at the last
moment, to the only lady passenger, who, bv its
aid, was saved.
THE CAUSE OF THE FIRE.
The origin of the fire is a matter of uncer
tainty; it is supposed to have, in some way,
taken in the kitchen when the cook went to
kindle the fire for breakfast. One account states
that it was by a poker, heated by raking down
fires, being placed against a pine partition, but
nothing reliable is known.
THE VESSEL AND HER CAPTAIN.
'flic steamer City of New London was one of
the best boats on the Sound. She was I*2oo tons
burthen, and was particularly adapted for carry
ing freight, although her passenger accommoda
tions were excellent as far as they went. Her
first trip was made May 22, 1863, since which
time she has run with great regularity and with
out accident. Her officers were among the most
reliable and capable navigators and engineers
on the Sound. Capt. Brown has followed steam
boating between this port and New York for
thirty-one years, and never before met with any
disaster. All the officers and men were obliged
to divest themselves of their boots and outer
clothing when they jumped overboard, and
therefore lost everything they had on board.
STATEMENT OF THE CLERK.
The following is the statement of Charles
Haivey, clerk of the boat: He says he was in
bed when the fire first broke out, near Montville,
but was at once called. He assisted in getting
the fire under control. Careful search was made
lor half or three quarters of an hour, and it was
supposed that the fire was totally extinguished.
Mr. Harvey did not retire again, but went into
the engine loom, which is on the saloon deck,
and sat down, i his was after the boat had got
under way, and was between five and six a. m.
Shortly after daylight, the second alarm of fire
was given on the main deck, and, almost before
any one could reach it from the saloon, every
thing lore and aft was in flames. The hose was
already laid, and the pumps were at work in less
than live minutes after the alarm, but the fire
spread with startling rapidity and the smoke
was so stifling between decks that it was impos
sible to stay there.
The engine was stopped, and the engineer
was driven from his post by the stifling smoke,
lie opened the safet.v valves and the boilers, and
it was no longer possible to work the pumps.
By this time, the flames, fanned by the draft
which the motion of the boat cieated, had
spread fore and aft, and, after it was evident
that there was no nope of saving the vessel, Mr.
Harvey went to his office and took the boat’s
books, freight list, money, etc., and went to his
state room to endeavor to save his own proper
ty. While there, the flames shot up through
the floor, and he was obliged to leave. He then
went forward to try to save the lady passenger,
and found her in the forward part of the sa
loon. He took her out to the forward deck,
and called to a man in a boat, but he refused
to come. Mr. Harvey then left her, and went
down over the side to the main deck, to get a
rope to lower her into the water; hut, while
there, the smoke and fire burst out before him,
and, his retreat being cut off, he was forced to
leap into the water
He was dressed in a heavy suit of clothes,
with an overcoat, but fortunately, had removed
his boots. He swam for the schooner, lying
then two hundred yards away, but, being en
cumbered by his clothing and the tide cutting
him down, he became exhausted and nearly readv
to sink. Just then there floated within his reach
a piece of joist, fifteen feet long, which had al
ready been seized by two of the deck hands.
This he grasped and hung on for life in the bit
terly cold water. Shortly alter he reached it
one of the men, named Sullivan, let go and
sank. The other clung tenaciously to the beam.
As the vessel settled lower and lower in the
water, Mr. Harvey called to him to “stick to
her.’’ The num made no reply, but, in a few
moments, his grasp relaxed, ami he too sank.
Mr. Harvey has no idea ol the length of time
he was in the water, but he was one of the lasi
rescued, and, when taken ashore, was in a state
of utter exhaustion. The boat’s books he threw
overboard before jumping into the river. A part
of the money and the freight list he put in his
pocket, but they were washed out while he was
in the water. He lost everything but the clothes
he wore.
STATEMENT <YF J. C. PALMER.
About half an hour after the first fire I was
standing out on the forward deck, with Messrs.
Norton, Hammond, Rogers and Aldrich, when
suddenly a man shouted, “The gangway is all
on fie, and it is impossible to get through.”
The boat was suddenly filled with smoke,"and
immediately the flames shot up from all parts.
I went over the side of the rail and let myself
down on the guard and crawled along to the
gangway.
When I reached there, I saw that the whole
inside of the buat was otic solid sheet of flames.
The wind was blowing the fire away from this
gang-way, and I went inside and commenced
throwing loose boards and light stuff overboard,
when some one said, iu an authoritative tone of
voice: “Let those things alone.” I repttcl fhet
we could sate nothing, ami had hotter vc the
lives of those on board. I finally got hold ol a
loilg plattk ibid ‘brew it overboard, nttd thought
that, if nohody else Idol* hold of it, When I
jumped over I would.
Soon alter, 1 leaped into the water, and swam
so the plank, which was some distance off. ami
tried to get to tile RClmoner near by. While I
was on the plank, I saw a boat hearing me
and I shouted: “There is a lady on board, gn
mid save her first." Soon after I felt someone
on rhe other end of the plank, when I let go, as
I knew It Wiuthl not hold us both.
I then struck out for flic schooner, but the
tide carried me below it, when I espied smite
thing floating towards me which I grasped, and
found to be a state room door. I got on to the
door very much exhausted and found that I was
drifting toward the burning boat. It became
Very hot, and I had to keep dipping my head
tinder water to keep from bcmg burned. I was
so much exhausted ami my chances Appeared so
slim that I thought it was useless to make any
effort to save myself, and was about to let go
my hold, when I was picked up by some men in
a small boat.
Our New York Dispatches,
The Future I'hnrirr of Vork <’itv—
.Ylore Fucim <:oncrrning the Ron oi Him-
Kirin Itoynlty—Slow the PirkpockelM
Profit by il <>lrri»t KMcitriHrat* <*tc*
New York, Nov. 22. —The legislative coin*
mittce of the citizens’ reform association is
Workiim earnestly upon the form of a new char
ter, and it wiil suon be presented to the citizens.
A meeting of the CominittcC Will be held to
morrow evening, at which a skeleton pbtti will
be presented. Although many of the features
of the present charter Will he retained, radical
modifications are proposed, including chmtges
in the manner of representation in the adminis
tration of tile City government, a redivision of
the wards, and minority repre«enfntinn in the
common council. A wry strong sentiment pre
vails in favor of a rigid registry law.
At a meeting of the New rail
road company, to-day, all of tin* Tammany di
rectors resigned, and a new board was elected,
thus freeing the company Ironl the incubus of
Tammany,
Henry G. Stebbins was to-d.-IV sWorn in its
commissioner of the department of public parks.
Prince Alexis, accompanied by Minister Cata-
CaXy and suite, ktt lor Washington this morn-
Ing.
Three and a half million dollars Of taxes have
been paid in to Brooklyn since (let. l d
The missing poll list of the sixth ward. Brook
lyn, was discovered last evening stowed away
with old papers. It was evidently replaced by
the thief.
Several casualties occurred during the proces
sion yesterday, caused by runaway horses, occa
sioning broken limbs, but notte wen- of a iutul
nature. Notwithstanding the efforts of the po
lice, pickpockets did a large business along the
line of procession, and a large amount of valu
ables Were lost. Among the principal losers
were Samuel Lacid of Lung Branch, who lost a
solitaire diamond stud, Valued at $2500, and
Charles Cochran of Brooklyn, who had pocket
picket! of a wallet containing <l5O. A large
number of pickpockets detected in their man
oeuvres were arrested.
An interesting debate took plat e last evening
at the Methodist missionary convention on the
subject of missionary work at home and abroad.
One speaker stated that during the last seven
years only an average of twelve and a half per
cent, of five and a half million dollars had been
devoten to missionary work among the heathen.
Muncy and energy was wasted iu trying to con
vert the different denominations here to the
Methodist faith, and denominational missionary
work was severely deprecated. Rev, Di s. Haven
of Boston, Hill, Cove and Baldwin took part in
the debate.
New England Dispatches.
The Fxciteancnt nii«e<| by Rrvcnnc Offi
cers in Boston—Killed by Falling llown
Ntairs—A Colored <:iergyinun Refused
i’lnce at the Table, etc.
MABSACHUSETT9.
Boston, Nov. 22. —The action of the United
States authorities against Wm. Weld ft Co.,
originated from the seizure in New York, Home
two months since, of the books and papers of
Rufus St)ry ('o., on complaint of spec al
agent N. W. Bingham, anil from these books
evidence of false importations was obtained
against the Boston firm. Previous to this a
criminal suit had been instituted, in which the
jury disagreed, standing seven for the govern
ment and five for the defendants. It is claimed
by Weld Co., that the proceedings are insti
tuted with a view of obtaining evidence to aid
the government in the prosecution ol the suit
now pending against them in New York, and
hence they have resisted the opening of their
safes, on the ground that it is malicious persecu
tion and not because they believe the officers of
customs or revenue expect Io sustain any charges
against them for fraudulent importations at this
port.
The alleged irregular importations in the pres
ent case include fifteen hundred boxes of nut
megs, imported on ship Barnes, January 3,
1868; seven hundred boxes of nutmegs, import
ed on ship Nabob, July 24, 1869; fourteen hun
dred and sixteen cases of nutmegs, anil one
hundred and one cases of mace, imported in
ship Rainbow, April 1, 1870; twelve hundred
and twenty-five cases oi nutmegs, in ship Fear
less, January 8,1871.
Michael O’Conner, aged seventy, was killed
last night by falling down stairs.
Rev. Alexander Ellis, colored, pastor of the
Joy street church, is a plaintiff for damages
against the Narragansett steamship company,
before the superior court, for not living served
at the dining table of steamer Providence, and
being assaulted by the company’s agents. The
case is not finished.

Fire Record.
AT PHILADELPHIA—LOSS $35,000.
Philadelphia, Nov. 22.—Case’s iron foundry
was burned last night. Loss $85,000; insured
for SIO,OOO.
Woman Muffragr.
Philadelphia, Nov. 22. —The woman’s suf
frage association appointed a committee to ar
guc woman’s suffrage before the state legisla
lure. Lucy Stone was elected president, with
vice presidents from every state represented, in
eluding Higginson and Garrison. Julia Ward
Howe is chairm-m of the executive committee.
Many addresses were delivered. The audience
was large and there was much enthusiasm.
Alexin on the Kail.
Baltimore, Nov. 22.—The special train from
New York conveying Alexis and party, passed
through this evening. A crowd of several hun
dred assembled at the Philadelphia depot, and.
on the arrival of the train, gave hearty cheers.
The duke appeared on the platform, and lifted
lis cap several times. At the Camden street
depot still larger numbers gathered. The grand
duke appeared on the rear platform, and was
received by the throng witu three hearty cheers,
which he gracefully recognized.
The Weather.
Washington, Nov. 22.—The barometer will
probably rise on Thursday on the lakes and in
New England, with cold westerly winds and
cloudy weather; will fall in the southern and
gulf states, with southwesterly winds and rising
temperatures; cloudy weather in the Rocky
mountains will probably extend, with falling
barometer and rising temperature, into Missis
sippi valley.
Abbreviated I> impair hex.
The small pox is raging in Trinidad, West
Indies.
The Times and Tribune assail each other with
increasing virulence
Francis Deak, the eminent Hungarian liberal
ist statesman, is dangerously ill.
General Butler denounces as a canard the
whole story of the Harrisburg conference.
The naval ball to Alexis will occur on the
night of the 28th.
There were forty-three new eases of small-pox
last week, and twenty since Saturday.
Richard A. storrs is not reappointed as deputy
controller.
It is reported that the ninth regiment band
will go to Europe on a concert tour.
W. W. Conoran sailed on the Cuba, which
took $179,000 in specie.
The Georgia legislature passed the election bill
for governor over the governor’s veto.
It is reported that Mayor Hall will resign to
prevent removal.
Salt Lake City advices say that George Q.
Cannon is to be Brigham Young’s successor.
Gen. Pulgar, at the head of an army, has left
Maracaibo to preserve the peace at Truxillo.
President Blanco is collecting troops at Caracas
to march against Cindad Bolivar.
Shocks of earthquake were felt on the 80th
nit., in Dominica, St. Vincent, and other islands.
Over $150,000 in silver bullion was received at
Salt Lake, last week, from the Elv mining dis
trict.
Money is being subscribed in Mexico for the
sufferers by the Chicago and Wisconsin fires.
The United States court at Salt Like, on Wed
nesday, was occupied with various unimportant
motions.
Paul Du Chaillu has arrived at New York from
his tour of northern Europe.
The three humorists, Mark Twain, Nasby and
Josh Billings, lectured at or near New York, on
Tuesday night.
The bricklayers of Chicago declare their inten
tion of quilting work unless paid six dollars a
day.
Tamberlike, a celebrated tenor, with a combi
nation opera troupe, lias arrived in Cuba from
Europe.
The Bible war at Hunter’s point still con-
tintk>- A number of children have been tern-
porarily witluiiaTn tn their parents.
It is reported that CitMetti cement is being
shipped to ban Francisco in large quantities. It
if selling at three dollars and a hail per barrel.
Hcitr* Freeze, biofher of Freeze of the Men
delssohn quhifcttf <*lob of Boston, is to succeed I
Prof. Scala as teacher (if the tnaniie band at
Washington.
The ease of steamer Hornet is unchanged'
The .'ipiHii-h ship of war Churruera remains at
Port an Pritk’C, with the Spanish consul on board
sick.
The Hayticns have reinforced flic gnnhons
and forts at Port an Prince, and placed gnus in
position; and troops arc held jn readiness tor
active HciVlco.
Governor Safford, of Arizona, publishes an
exhaustive review of the Apache question. He
warmly endorses General Crook's policy of
uniting friendly Indians against the Apaches.
The captain of steamer Florida has called upon
tlto American consul at Sf. Thomas and demand
ed protection.saving that he was ready to pro
ceed to sea, but was afraid on account of a
Spanish war vessel.
Legal proceeding have been begun against the
Union Pacific transfer company, for charging
filly cents ferriage across the Missouri river, the
s itic hfw.s permitting a charge of but ten cents.
The lower Irt'anrhof the Tennessee legislature
has adopted the senate resolution ratifying the
contract to lease the state prison Inlwr for five
years, at $35,000 per annum.
I lie Tribune is more friendly to the new col
lector, Gen. Arthur, and says: “He is a young
loan of fair ability and uuimpcachcd charac
ter.”
There was a heavy frost at New Orleans on
Wednesday, the first of the acn"ou. Strangers
and absentees may now go to New Orleans in
perfect safety.
The corner stone of the first M<‘thodist church
in Salt Lake was laid on Tuesday. Tucre
are now hctc regular church organizations of the
Methodists, Episcopalians, Presbyterians and
Roman Catholics.
Lieut. Gov. Oscar J. Dunn of Louisiana, who
Ims been ill with pneumonia lor several days
past, died yesterday. He was forty live years
of age.
At New Orleans, yesterday, Cyrille Dion beat
Miller, in seventy-three innings, French bill
iards,—soo to 215. Dion’s greatest run was
105.
A passenger train on the Indianapolis Junc
tkm railroad was thrown from the track bv a
broken fall Hear Brownsville, ind yesterday.
No lives were lost.
The baggage train on the. Little Miami rail
road, which left New York Monday evening,
was burned Tuesday night, near Columbus, O.
I be contents, including the mails, were entirely
coils timed
Hon. Beniamin Wade has been tendered the
position of umpire to define the boundary be
tween Siberia ami the English colonies.* He
has declined, on account of previous engage
nients
During the twenty-four hours ending yester
day morning, 165 canal boats passed Syracuse,
going cast, and twenty-eight going west, with
45,000 tons of freight, the largest business on
record.
John Nugent, brother of Mrs. WhartolL the
alleged Baltimore poisoner, attempted to com
mit suicide at Chester, Maryland, on Saturday,
the Cause being depression of mind on account
of the charge*? against his sister.
Bishop Bayley, of New Jersey, has sent a let
ter to the communicants of his strongly
supporting the temperance cause. He charac
terizes dtunkenncss as the greatest danger of
the Irish people. He thinks it they were tem
perate they would Im? the most desirable Ameri
can citi/eiis
The report of Postmaster General Creswell is
completed, and is now in the hands of the
printer, and wiN be sent to the newspaper press,
bv mail, before its .lelivcry to congress, on assur*
mice that it will not be printed until the day con
gress assembles.
The appointment of Gen. Walker as commis
sioner of Indian affairs is regarded at Washing
ton as a triumph for Secretary Delano against
the outside elements, who hate long been en
deavoring to place Mr. Brunot or Mr. Collyer
in the position.
A charge was on Tuesday entered against a
female teacher in one of the Paterson public
schools for putting fl grtg cn the mouth oi a lit
tle six-years’ old girl as a punishment, and
keeping it there so long that the child's fare wan
swelled up two days in consequence.
The issue of $2,000,000 new stock by the Pitts
burg, Fort Wayne and Chicago, is to be a
special improvement stock, to represent cash ex
pended on the road by the lessee, ami subject to
existing guaranteed stock, like which, however,
it is to pay seven per cent, per antliliti, tax free,
in quarterly dividends.
Consultations are now taking place between
anti-Grant icpublicans and democratic leaders
in New York in regard to a presidential nomi
nation. The latter declare their perfect willing
ness to support Horace Greeley, and his friends
are confident that he will be the candidate; if
not he, then Charles Sumner.
It is said at the post office department, by
those in authority, that the investigation of the
charges made against ex-Congressman Prosser,
now post master itt Nashville, Tenn., does not
establish the fact that he has done anything
wrong. It is believed that the story is trumped
up by his personal enemies and by persons
whom Prosser dismissed from the post office at
Nashville.
In addition to the appointment of Gen. Francis
A. Walker of Massachusetts, as commissioner
of Indian affairs,on Tuesday, the president also
made the following: Milton W. Reynolds, re
ceiver of public moneys at Humboldt, Kansas;
Alfred M. Perrin, clerk in the naval office, New
York; Philip Win free, clerk, Dewitt C. Brown,
Samuel M. Todd, and J. M. Currill,inspectors at
New Orleans; Joseph Haynes, postmaster at
Meadville, Pa ami Richard Paulson, consular
clerk.
The last ship from the Arctic ocean is in at
the Sandwich Islands, and the lust ot the ship
wrecked men has landed without a casualty.
The men are being cared for at an expense of
about ath jusand dollars a day. The whaling
barque Chance reports that strong northeast
gales set in before she left Behring Straits, last
ing from Sept. 23 to Oct. 2, and that an attempt
to reach the abandoned whaling fleet would
have been made if the vessel had been sea
worthy. The opinion prevails that the fleet was
abandoned too early.
Senator Blair says that the kaklux evidence
showed that there existed a system of wholesale
plundering carried on through the government
and individual acts ol negroes, in consequence
of which the people, in many instances, were
driven to take the law into their own hands to
protect their property by inflicting punishment
on the negroes. It was not shown in any in
stance that these acts had anything to do with
politics.
The London Economist having mentioned,
with regret, the name of United States Minister
Schenck as director in one of the new mining
companies, with the remark that commercial
occupation of any kind appears certainly in
compatible with the functions of a diplomatist,
the New York Evening Post to-day expressed
the hope that our government will immediately
recall Mr. Schenck, who, it says, by permitting
hi< official position to promote stock speculation,
humiliates bis country and shows utter want us
respect for his high office.
It is stated that there is an indication that the
administration contemplates a change in the
Cuban policy. The many reports received at the
state department ol the brutal outrages upon
Cubans by the Spanish authorities, and the fail
ure of the latter to keep certain promises made
to this government, have induced our author
ities to call the attention of the Spanish minister
to the matter, with the intimation that this gov
ernment will be compelled to interfere unless the
evils complained of be speedily righted.
Washington society circles are much excited
over the airival of the Grand Duke Alexis. Al
though it is announced that his presentation
will be strictly private, yet the prospect is that
a large crowd ol persons will congregate about
the entrance to the executive mansion to sec the
loyal visitor. Much interest is felt in diplomatic
circles as to how Minister Catacazy will conduct
himself during presentation, and whether he
will observe the semi-official warning not to at
tempt to hold any conversation with the presi
dent or secretary of state while at the White
house with the grand duke.
A Washington special says: “Telegrams from
here have represented that the difficulty between
Gen. Pieasonton and Secretary Boutwell, which
resulted in the suspension of the former from the
commissionership of internal revenue, is attract
ing much attention as the time approaches for
the meeting of the senate, and likely to result in
a removal of Secretary Boutwell. Your corre
spondent has made a careful inquiry, and so far
as can be ascertained from those senators in the
city, no one entertains any doubt but that the
senate will sustain the action of the president in
this matter. There does not appear to be any
foundation for the allegation that this question
is likely to affect the standing of Secretary Bout
well with the president and with the senate."
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS-Amert
can ana Foreign Patent* procured.Reiected Ap
plication* re-argued, Interference Case* Prosecuted:
Opinion* given as to the validity and infringement ot
Patents and Suits pro**cuted and defended in the U.S
Courts, by
THOM. H »O»UE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman oflth*
Board ot Appeals. U. 8. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office. Dodgers
Block, eorner Park and Portland st*. Worcester. Nas*.
u 24 d&wtr
OLIVER’S
STOVE STOKE,
SBB MAIN STREET OED NO. «?O
my 24 dtf
y ETERI NARY I
I>lC. J. PENNIMAN
Uns removed his office to the S able of
BKurfs BARNARD,
oil Thoma* street.
PR K E I ENTS.
Sofues.
JTA.S ARRIVE!*.
Dr. Ugßil hill
WILL BE AT TUB
BAI STATE IhM SE,
Thursday, Friday Saturday,
NOV. ®3, g f and g.t,
where lie can he consulted on
Deafness, atarrb. Itliiidncss and all
other hionie Ailments.
Con-tilt.-illon free. w!l<td-lf nl7
TT WILL RESTORE THE COLOR TO
OKAY OB FAI*EI> IIAIRt
W A. R It UN’S
NOT nHSUXOIS
Hair Restorer
Secured in Untied States Patent Office. Sept. 19, 1971.
N<» ShblMENr. CLRAR as WATER AND As Pt RE. It
eoniiilns no <>ii, \leohol or Spirits; con-i'qiim'ly it will
not Gum ine Hair <>r make it dry and wiry. No'Nitrate
ol Stiver, Siuar of Lead, Lae sulphur, Ac. It will
Ki:*sTOKE THE <'OI.OIC
to Gray or Faded Hair. It will PREVENT flu Hair from
falling off. 11 will lend to
MAKE THE lIAIIt UKOW.
HAKtrACTVBSn BT
I A. WARRILV,
Apol hecary,
IX BAY STATE 110 I M E, WO ICC ESTER.
To whom all orders should be addressed.
old <ltt
SPONGE
MATTRESSES,
PILLOWS,
PEW CUSHIONS,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THE BALE OR POUND.
We invite the public to call and examine our "Elastic
Sponge” goods, which we are now selling in large quan
tities, and which archiving great siitls'aetion.
sponge makes a sailer Man less than Hair, and will
hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushioning
Churches. Halls, Tlualrvs, Steam and Horse Cars, it
will he found the best article in use, and is warranted
proof against moths.
We should be pleased to send Circular of reference to
any who desire.
HALEY, MORSE CO.,
Sole agexth for n. f.. states.
I 11 AV.-iNhington Street, lloston
n 6 d&w4w
nISSOLUT ON COPAKTNERSHU’.
FnwiN A. Babcock ce.isestobe a member of the
firm ol .1. TODD A; CO., on and after this date. All
persons are hereby forbid making any payments to the
slid Babcock on account of debts due the copartnership.
The Coffee and Spice business of the former Copart
nership will be continued at the oldlsiand. 171 Union st.,
under the same firm name as before dissolution.
J. TODD.
Worcester, Nov. 15, 1871.
Thailkfill for past favors, I earnnvlv solicit a continu
ance of them In the future. E A. Babcock having with
drawn his interest, nattier-Indebted to the firm of J. Todd
<fc Co., are requested to make payment to the subscriber.
nth mi .1. thdd.
D( JLLAK REW ARD SOAP Washes
without rubbing; Removes Pitch. Tar. Paint,
f/rease, Sweat and Leather Stains, Ac.; Washes with
Hot or Cold, Hard, Soil, or Salt Waler; Saves Labor,
'1 ime. Fuel. Clothes, and Money. Clothes washed with
wear twice as long as il washed with common soap.
One pound ot it will wash from ten to fifteen dozen
pieces of ordinary faintly w tsliing. It wa-hes the finest
lace without injury, and renders all articles as clear and
bright as new.
The Dollar Reward Soap!
Trv it in the Bathroom; It leaves the -kin cool, smooth
and soft Use it to cleanse your Marble Ornaments,
Mantels. Door steps, &c.. Hint Brick Walks and Alleys.
Use it with semiring-bro k in cleansing iron or steel; it
saves half the labor, and gives a heller appearance. It
makes lin Ware shine like new, and has no equal in
cleansing glass or china Dissolve-', in boiling water,
makes the best and cheapest Soft Soap in the world-
For sale by HOLDEN BROS., Worcester. d3m
yy ORCESTER
Industrial Advertising' Agency
AND
GENERA I, INTELLIGENCE OFFICE.
Room No. 1 Rogers' Block,
Corner Main ami Pleasant streetn.
Pirc and Accidental Innarance
Vromptly Attended to.
HOUSES. TENEMENTS. SHOPS, STORES. ROOMS.
AC., SECURED FOR THOSE WHO WISH.
Property Rented, Bills Collected, Situations Found for
Domestics, and Help obtained on the most reasonable
terms. Domestics secured for general housework, cooks,
chambermaids, kitchen girls, table waiters for hotels
ami saloons, and general information giv< n to those who
are coming into the city and are looking tor work, nr de
sire a situation in any kind of business.
C. K. HUBBARD.
AGENTS WANTED—T<> canvass the country and
sell Patent Articles ami Yankee Notions.
Office hours from 8 to 12, from 2 to 5, and 6 to 8.
s2l dtf
»OUQU BT S W KEA THS,
CUT FLOWERS,
House Ulants., &c. &c.
FOR SALE BT
JORY S. IMLLARD &C 0
DEALERS IN
Groceries and House Furnishing Goods,
CHAPIN BLOCK, PEAK!. STREET,
,-i., dfatir
E V EY S DE N T A L ROO MB.
A. KAIK~OKKKR
Artificial Teeth for Difficult Mouths!
A TRIAL WITHOUT PRICE!
The most difficult cases solicited. Those having tried
several times without siicce-s preferred. I desire to
make such a set bv my new method ot attaching plates
to difficult mouths, and no expense will bo incurred by
the applicant. CH AS. K. PEVEY,
432 Main st., cor. Pleasant. Worcester, Mass.
n 3 dtf
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHIL
SET i s.—Worcester, ss. Probate Court. To the
Next of Kin. Creditors, ami all other persons inter
ested In the estate of LUCINDA RICE, otherwise called
Mrs. Comtort Rice, late ot Miuoury, In said county, de
ceased, intestate. Greeting:
Upon the petition of Samuel Rice, you arc hereby
cited to appear at a Probate Court, to be held at Worces
ter, in said County, on the first Tuesday ot December
next, at nine o’clock in the forenoon, to show cause,
if any you have, why a letter of administration on the
estate of said deceased should not tie granted to said
petitioner.
Andthcsaid petitioner is ordered io serve this citation
by publishing the same once a week, two weeks suc
cessively, in the Worcester Dally Spy, a newspaper
printed al Worcester, the last publication to be one day,
at least, before said court, and to send, or cause to lie
sent, a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, imstage pre paid, to each of the heirs, devisees,
or legatees of said estate, or their legal
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, liefore said
'witness. Henry Chapin. Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this twentieth day of November, intheyearone thousand
eight hundred ami d
CHAS. E. STEVENS. Register.
n2l dn2lA27
/COMMONWEALTH OF MABBACHU-
SETTS. Worcestbr, ss. Municipal Court of the
itv of Worcester, November 18th, 1871.
Bridget Curtis. Plaintiff.
Jeremiah Olney and Otis Fisher, copartners, doing
business under the firm name of Olney Fisher, both
of the state of Connecticut. Defendant.', and Lovell
Baker of Worcester. Trustee
In an action of Contract tor the recovery of Twenty
six SU-IUO Dollars, as appears by the writ in this action.
And now it appearing to said Court that said Detend
ants, at the time of the service, of the writ, were not
inhanitants of or residents In this Commonwealth.
It is ordered ih*t notice be given to said Defendants to
appear at a term of said Court to be holden at tne City
ot Worcester aforesaid on Sai unlay, the twenty-third
day of December next, or their default will be recorded
and judgment rendered against them, and that said
notice be given by publishing an attested copy of this
onler. in the Worcester Dally Spv a New'iuipcr printed
In Worcester in said County ot Worcester, three weeks
successively, the l:ud publication to be iburtcen days
before the said 23d day ot December, or by serving them
withan attested copy of this order, seven days before
the said 23d day of iweewber. t
Attest T. JOHNSON. Clerk
A Copy, Utest T. M. JOHNSON, Clerk.
AU VKUJ I*lso i
iw Daily Rft—For the ••Oqutre’ often it c» rol
•gate type, 1 time 75 ct*.; each subsequent Inscitim 50
et*.; 1 week |2.75; 2 weeks fl W; I month f«.W; 1 year
ffiO—and the same rate proportionally for any numbt r o
•quarea. Two *ines for one week fl. 00; three line f 1.25;
four lines f 1.37; five lines fl 50. Loral notieca2s cet<« a
per lm« for each insertion. Business notice* 15 c< nt? p« r
lin*. Obituary notices, revolutions, A c., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements fl 00 per square for find iuser
Hon; each aubsequent insertion 59rente,
Special positions’in the paper, and special atylea of
diaplay, will be charged extra rate*. (uH and doob’o
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole apace ocruptcd.
In WtKKLV Sm—First insertion fl.co per sqnnp.
each aubaequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months one
yearf2s.oA.
Susintss dTnrbs.
EL C H .t Il I FFI T H S
CELEBRATED
’i.Tj.'. im j: 1 1 s \w s
WOOO
K<l"-< lTs, I ot «11-lc«rtpMon».
Are «nt>ei'lor to nil Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFECT SVTBFACriON GVARANTEED.
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
.'7 dAw.lm Bnatow.
jpROGRAMMES, rui \i, BILLS
AUCTION AND OTHEK
llandhills and Posters,
Executed at very short notice
by the undersigned, with
fast row er i’Rrases.
Also. Fine Job and Card Printing.
Kgencv ibr Shr rwin's Ih idv drung Direction
Labels, and Shipping arU5.
CHAS. HAMILTON.
15 deontf il mul 115 Central Fxrtoantrr.
oWLA ND A 8C O T T”,
I’LIFPERS.
Wen? the American Clipping Machine. whl< h for
-tvlc, thoum^hniam'good work t unnot be equalled
All work warranted to give >tlsbiclion. Can he found
al the Adam I xmc- Stables, Foster st Wnri-cster.
N HOWLAND,
n« dim* GEO. A. SC-ITT
W A LT E R F R r E M N
WHOLESALE DEALBR IN
OYST E R s
Oyer St., Frovidcnce* R. I.
All orders prompt y attended to. 07m o!9
J| A Y BTA T I HOTI
WORUEMTHB MASS.,
G-KO. 'lilHAl/L I ’ropriotor.
WM A I-’ It I II I:.
*Ti O A* OK U I.K.
Centre Piece.'made very low. Ib p iiri- g Alabaster in
Artistic Work. No 39 I'noinas st AVorct ter. Mass.
113 dJw*
END AL L BAN! STE R
Auctioneers Commission Merchants.
Will give their personal attention to S d.> bv Auction of
Real E'tate and Pcr-onal Property of even
in City <>r state. Consignments of New and Sivond
hand Furniture, Drv Goods, (Inwerie-. Crockery, end
other Pt rsomti Property, soliofted toi onr remilar -ales,
or for spec al sales, at our large and commodious Sales
Room
PRENTISS BLIX K. FRONT ST.,
opposite Trumbull st.. Wonestcr. Div and Fancy
Goods, illici t Silver Plated Wi re. lecka. Watches,
Jewelrv, and a large vanetv of Merchandise at private
sale, at low price.'. Fair and honorable treatment to all
—ourmotto. IhHtAcE KENDALL,
L. AV. BA NISI EK.
Worcester. October 20, 1870. dim .<3
4 P, AMES, Residence* No. 35
Ashland street. t arpel made, eleincd. put down,
and hnings tarnished. Houses cleaned, windows wa-hed.
furniture polished, offices and Inmat e tires car id lot
families assisted in moving. «kc.
One Price Only. Terms Strictly Cash.
Slate—No. I Post Office. Hours. 7A. M.. 12 M., anti Gp.
m. MRS. A. P AMES. Gentlemen’s laundry work dene.
Terms as above. ate
MBS. a A. BLANCH 4RD Ab diva!
Clairvoyant Business and Test Medium. No. 55
Mechanic st. Clairvoyant remedies constantly on hand
an<l sent bv mail d3m* nIS
SG. W. ELkL\s, Na 264
the only man who makes Cluck Repairing a
specialty. Cleans all kindsoi Clocks.
<'locks put up if desired.
Au a'sortment of Clocks for sale. All
work warranted.
mvn dtf ELKINK ADDNCAN.
H. GREENWOOP, A' iti<>'f» r,
l«l Nat. Rank HuHdinw.
Attends to sales in am part of orct stcr w
ui diial
EA K L B ft FULL B
A K<’H ITE< TM,
People’s Saving i Bank Building,
Ho. 2’2 MAIN STREET. Worcimti k,Ma?B.
Stephen C. Earle. Jami.a E. Fuller
•5 d if
JNSURANCE ft FIRE-PROOF SAFES.
S. A. HOWLAND,
ISS PFARn ST.,
jeS dtt Opposite the Post Office.
UR A A H6W LA N IT,
HKNTIST,
387 Main st.. Worcester.
aul dtf Grout".'New Block
I M. I’H\ I.Y, DEN i
offit e and re-idem e.
TO Pleanant St., Foot of Uhcstnwt St.
C. K. PK VEY, »entiist,
432 Main, Corner Pleasant Nt
Office hours trom 8 a. m. to 9 p, m
anil d6m Opposite Front St.
Vetoing IJliidnnts.
j£EYSTONB
NIAVIVG mCHSXT
Klesaut, Simple, ami Durable
nOCK-STITCfI,
STRAIGHT NEEDLE AN D SHUTTEE,
Agents Wan’ed. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
chine Co 220 Tremont st., BoMun.
ol’2 dTu.TbftStf J. C. BROCK. Agent
WRBD
Sewing Rachiiie,
The Family Favorite!!
A. E. PECK, Agent,
08 dtf 100 Main St.
yy h e e‘ l e r w i l s 6 n s
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE THE BEST
Ever OfTered to Public Pntrenage.
They arc simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept tn repair; work without noise; -cw with the
greatest rapidity; make an even and firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material commofrto
family use.
Call and sec before purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser.
rST Every Machine warranted.
BEIL PEIH H AL.
340 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
sl 3
fTIHE
HOWE SEWING MACHINES
AND E. BUTTEKICK ft CO.’S CELEBRATED FAT
TERNS, for Ladies'. Misses', and Children’s Garment*
of all kinds, and Shirt Putt rns of all sizes, at AC*
Main St.. Worcester. Mass.
I„ Q. BPAULBIYG. Agent.
Also. Needles FOR ALL AIM PS OF MACUIKLS. Silk, Oil
4c. Tuckers, Kufflcrs. and Corders.
tXT Machine* Repaired. dtf arH
rjIHE AMEKICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of w ork done by others—work ButU u
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Overseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
fey Please call and examine Machines ami Work, at
334 Main Street.
atr i. stock wr.i,r-
TO THE HONORABLE SENATE ard
House of Representatives in Genera! Cour’ '.-sem
hlThe ’By of Worcester respecttally petitions that
authority may be granted to said city to take and hold
tor the purpose oi a Public Park and for other public
uses, all that tract nt land in slid Worcester known a*
the “Old Common.’* and bounded northerly by Front
street, easterly by the east side m Salem sm are, south
erly by Park street, and wotcrlv by Main sin «*t, or any
portion of said tract now occupied or usi.d for other pur
poses by any person* or corporations.
Am! your petitioners will ever pray.
EDW D EARLE, Mayor.
Worcester. Nov. 7.1871.
Cuiuuioimealth ot' M>n»Mitehu»ett».
SsenKTARY'S DkfaRTMBNT, 7
Boston, Nov. 13. 1871.
1 approve the publication of the ;d»ove petition in Hid
Worcester Daily Spv ami r Evening Gazette.
ail yLIVhK WARNER. SecnWy,