THlltTV-yiiNTII YEAH NEW YORK, SATURDAY, PECEMURR 0, 1871. PRICE TWO CENTS.
T11K MA It Y LAND POISONING.
ran vamxixo testimosy or in.
j: V. 11 1 1.1.1. IMS.
Tk Tcll'Tale Pediment In n Tiimblrr The
Uiilor'n l'lrl SiinpIi'Ioii Ibnl lleurrnl
hrlcliuni liHilbrru Poisoned -The Conlln
enllnu of Ibr Trlul ol SI rn Wbariom
AKNtrui.11, Dee. 8. Tie Court was etowded
as otuil at 10 o'clock, whn tbe trUl of tin. Whsr
to wts rrsuuio I. It wm announced thit til th
iin-sse for the deler.ee, except tl e medical anil
riniicil ex erts, would be excused until Tuesday.
Dr I' C. Williams, la continuing hit testimony,
I J thit lie Uuui hi Oft), Kelc-hum hid llrlcbl'
limn ut tie kldncii. lie went to visit other
t-aileiilt, tml on relDmln; found the General la
lonvalslint, lying, on hit tuck. The convulsion
wite peculiar, snd seemed to have a tendency to
throw blm on hit left side, and were accompanied
by groans. 'Ihert were mirks cm his foreheid,
seek, and stomach, and the akin was torn off both
sMss of hit abdomen. Admlnltteied chloroform
and used catheter, and then admlolf Isred 30 trains
af cbloral. Went borne and tested the urine, and
found It healthy. HetcrnUg about t o'clock, and
belaf pmtled about the OencraTa condition, re
narked to Mrs. Pnowden, I lear the General taa
been poisoned. Afterward Mrs. Honey banded lilm
a tumbler from her pocket and asked blra whst It
loatalne-d, He cut a small quantity of the sediment
an bla loncue, and there was a strong metallic
Ittte, to ttronc thttthe tttte rtmslned In his mouth
for eTral lours, lie returned to the General's
bedalde with the cotiTlctlOD that lie bad beeo
poisoned. Found blm nowlrg rapidly worae
Llt the room lo notify ilrs. Wharton ol the
General'! approichlng death, Returning to his
room lie met some one wbo told blm that
Till ai.XtkAL WA DEAD,
lli.lo sn eiaxlnatlon of the body the bralr,
heart, lung, and bowels and failed lo dis
cover anything that would account for death. Tbe
stomach wt placed In a class jar and taken to
Prof. Aiken lor analysis. On Monday afternoon of
June SS, When be first visited Oen, Kttchum, bis
als was feeble and rapid, Indicating weakness,
and distinguished from a pulse under the Influence
'opium, Khlch la slow and labored. On Tuesday,
the pulse snd whole condition of tbe patient hsd
IniproH'd. On Wednesday tbe coneltlon was very
critical, lie poise presented tbe same general char
acteristic as on Monday, only to a gtraler decree.
There was lo Indication of laboring under an o er
don ol i. udaoumi all each indication were want-
Tin STKi-TOKS or oriATc roteos.
Tl e o'Jtcit ot an orninary rue liclual iloe of
muni arc exhausted In eight or nlre hours Wie.i
Ihi uum li lane cmucli in be latsl the lyinptO'i
become apparent Immediately, and iouttnue.un.il
eitn take ,lacr, In Inlal Inieuairdlltv. Tie s.ini
tolas are extreme muscular prostration tue tupi a
ot tin.- ere re contracted and Inst-nsioie to litcnt
tl. orratDlno. la very peculiar and exccedini-li
iow, I ibouni. and oroionzed end there la an el.tire
saripre-sl' n ol uriue In all bis visit tie raw uo
ladtcition or a fatal dose of laudanum. Tartir
tmetic Is a poison i.i n taken tu Inrrc quantity any
aoseleynnd tlveorslx trains where the person la
not in the habit ol taxing It would be dsnserou.
'I fie lellow Jessamine ue administered was nrepsred
au Go-uisu's i bad used 11 In hi practice about ten
jeaia. Toe Ductule la made by macerating tour
ounces oi root, adiiin-r twelve ounces ol ullutrd
I alcohol The edicts ot a dangerous dose are very
I milted, the punils of the eyes become dinted or
I solarxe lite ejeiids airalzi-d so that the patient
I cannot pinlier'es T ere Is a Kcuerai muscular
i relax Ion the skin Is tatlx-d with persulratio..
tn bii..tlniu is not tntrrteixl with to the eir.)
I ui. and t .e heart Is not affected Ul.til a later
I perto lien the brenthlne Is hurrted uud quick,
I and the he ,rt acts in a corresponding way. lutieii.
Krte tin's cae there were no luulctlons ol an
j overuosa ol jesamiiH-
l lilN. KLIUUVs tMI'TOMS.
m On Wedni 'day morntus. al.mit 11 o'clock or lit-
II tic alter, Mrs. i.krlon tulil imes turn CUn
Ij Kefliniii li d i.icomi' ur-e niter he had Uiken tue
II seiond dc-e ol Jtst nunc, and she staled tils sjmp
Mf m. u-,,n, tirrtma ll rrll parlleularl
Ij alter Ibe results i f the lirst dop, tiuc.i eootued
II ai 1 quirtt'd .im. lie txpecleil the sumo as a i.e-
t tlva i -uli .rum tit- si loud itsi .Mm Wnariun
Ij i;vkr oi tue Suottiti-K and quieting illecia uf tin
li crt U 'llieiust mie mi t- Kuve was c lo
I' ra e, a iii-imri spoon ul la mlU. V tieu Lo a.lmiu
m !'U.i uljf ,.ie, Kelcnum was In violent convui
si na, in nuioii.uieiini It a liont too.U xas dis
I' i e, ur tie tr- broken out tiv .urclu the spoon
I in i a -ti ti iiii ten i ure so hrmir couched.
I ss t t b-'st s.im K tc mil, he ua rojiitln
I t ouj -t oroD J lo i e m sutUrirc Hoin cho.era moi
I bt.s, ot nn .u u,4 over- t.idt tae oi' r aimjtouia
I Mgro Han iiit If tlio Ci.'nt'r-il h t ujii un lue--I
d alii 1 1 'iiih tlu-r nteul in t le tottli' ui .il d wit
I i, t, Airs jii a lie Mould i'jv. i'oi-u i u..e.
I an in i.o,ieUai) ill bi H u'cuc. next d ly.
I STUI-tulll (ir A t'ATAl DOSL 01' TAH1AK bllkTlC.
I I ..r. i cut' lie, lu popular lui.KUitr', is uir.l h tiu
I ruii -i-iuii nue.. i tic Hie mu.o.ua ol sun.
I diet .in v ri tineeitaiu He i is no kitowied.e ot
I ruth i-jm! tuiiif. AicoraiLt tu t'.e Oooks an ote:-
I i.oe iio-uces n sense 01 utui, coustriction und pun
I In tLe tin oat alter anuLoviliii. accouipjuled by a
I atrouc uieUillc uste. lbtre L.av or may not bo
I vumiilor, souietimvs very piolue, sometimes no
I Touiitl.it:. Uajaliy tueie n pam in the aioaucn and
I lioei, terj severe, wito, extreme muscu.ar relaxa-
I tlon up to a certain point. Then we UnJ
I attffnes k hat the oooxs term "loteclo condition"
1 bUQoess aud rigidity, buiueltmes theso symptoms
I ere uanlfeamd In an early staje. Iu alaitloa to
I tale there uould be a reddlan, llultb, livid appear
I ance upon tue lace, reaullinx from its aiitoo on the
I b-art, luductnf pastive cojneaUon tbrous'iout the
I venous iatttiii. (Ju the pupils there Is no deciJfd
I sUecl This condition Is accompiulea by stupor
I more or uss profound, with more or lets losensl.
I billty T.iese constitute tbe lendlni or more app-i-
I rent effects, i here ould be apt lo oe an Increase
I rather man a Uliiilnullun ul urine. Never or Jered
I tiortor lor O'en Ke'cliuui; am bosltlre on this sub
I Jrct A K' morttin would undouuiedly have de-
I velopcd i-rinic poisou. If he lud died from apu-
I plexy or liarai, sis tue vf mortem would have do-
I velojal it. .Vultrior lu lue pott tnorUm
I lit Lxracitu ruitoK,
I trip V pcH'in. AI er li. ;idf tnoitem his previous
I oiu ii m .a iut..eiiod, 'lue sinplooia oetorc
I a i .i. 1 tl i ikwio, iiKtits a'lerMtre uouslatejt
I till, tii i. eoi o i lauii 0 tarUr eu.ellc. Known
I 1. 1 Hi-, .in u vi i. ere ji'-siuuuu prouui.ts couvui-
I s iis. Uii bttn pi iitice has been lu piu-
I i nil It t mveii couvuliiuns. The e.iup-
toi.01 o' chi.ieta ii.oiout and thoo prouuo-d
I b, tuiur e.i.ekii. aio toiuv'Miui sim.ljr, ud u,i
I toiiiiun pj.ui i..ut todiiy ho uiiviJUeri one
I In' t .i oi.ii i ai u- t'Uietiu Is eisilif aoiiinie eiou
I u Mati r, .iu 1 m?osci so iu Itiuouuje. i,iudji.um
I j i' it iej vi. in uiur euie-ic woud piiveni
I v ,i,i.n. Iii .Is ilni.li eil.u drills
H o ),,i v j-iuihio would noi piM.tu-o iioalii. lie
I 1-1 rijli'-.i 1 1 1 J..1-II a tiusouou.u1. nliout niio nuu
I oted iii i 1 1 usew lua Irvqueiitiv Ja.niti'S.eioj i,
I x ii. 'j i. ve M.s iM every lit u iiouie lui
l.i"nt n r'nu"- I'oilv druyt lit to toaspooifula
tn w, r t i u ino u.c a lo or ol pale i.i:rrjt
I Li Vi ..i.. n9 xj iii.s cu-itiliti iu u eronii and
I lnf.i' it i ii, jui it, next potirv 1 ll in a tuinti,
I lie H.itn.' t o quantity ol Miller o turee latle-
I T i-,:iiu,'i ii.niiiiiatlou ol lulu uitnoM
I l-i i. l .i i I'm v,ios uxiiiiiiuiiou w- bo,ua.
rni; i u e hi r a No siiiiTniii or roi.toN.
I T'.n Mi, autijLCied lo a rlsl'l cro(i-oxam
I a-t i ii,a in t iu to jii-oi oi ilio ilnenre llii
I a j t'u.n to u.e toLdillun ol Ueii.Ketchuni
I I r :i s ne-iUiieut, ..na as lu the clriUin
t n .upio.ns iitiiiilui: his sicxiieos aid
I e U', in r.le inly villi Ut siali'Uieula made
I In I exitnliiiliau. lie was tiimlntU
1 t .i mi tx.irt. as to ttie the
I tn riort. and ninl touis of polion by
A 'an 1 u j Lirtiir e-uclic, aLd oilier poi
V r ku, n. iity vtitn chilera moibus, un I
tt.;r l.,i-an an l.ieir untidoios. He said tm-ra
'u x.iii luiiaM.iUh vuu invariaDly and ox-I1--
i tt I.,-, m; t tl any polsoa, 'ihe theory of
i".- v i ,i imi.ir in flic o erated by absnr
'..iiueitu i.uctd ii tnliin; and purjiifc.
1 1 vvj.imt ii v caso II nua an exception.
I! i told WIllluSS that 111 IUi 0,'IUI ru
4 n..rila, and buuilay nliriil. TneJ.is
1 i rt I oy wllueat vvua civen lo icievo
I-1.
i 1 q'nt o i, vvltnen till he was one ol
i' j in- ,1 jiiMt u trnitucoil teiseinium oi
J' i'- i in men cil iraeucc In iiillini"re.
J1-- li .1 1, -mi (uuru.iud tho vicas oxprosfod in
litlUIH ,J it I,, l.i.ujtll uj LI'iSUIII.UIII allit
iii'iii. i. j u i,si00 tue me lio.il l.ii ii ty ol
ii i t. i sn-il In Mari'h. ini. In til Hal
i j ti i tl J.ji t (lui. Ki-ichmu nuj iiu feier
til l c i ,,v ',"ll,:,l0'l CHICi(jSd
-airn uqnekiion by the Allorrey-Osnertl,
v- sn, iten ti.al vvhT. he admiuiHtered the
I; If 11 tioujht (ieu. Ketcbum woa
or ,sii,v nit cu'sr. or pith.
,l: 1 t i ileinlol the vents auh qtiont In
i! .J (K-. KtlUitltlt at Waal,i,lu,,
'i i.. 'i' .1 the be at I sun 1iii.i, ninth
1 I i i ,.!iy camdltluu. la tue examina
i. i ii t- iii.i"e ill or) or in ,i en
I t. o c ,ua ol d it
or.nn suriicli'nt to urinlure
I t i in. i ui ;i uisiiej in t
ti i toiiesieil In Itilrats
i' i.imy nuoui tno lower
M 1 ai no evidenco nt til
I I i,., liiiard tn evlleiico
I '.-Iii ti e nurratlon "f sun'ilnim
I I V ii ai.d f'om hl own on-r I
I s, 1 1 1 u es in lue nr ns. he considered I
I '"tn y.. ..cue, sua oould net ttslxn t I
aaaaat' tSP Tt
etnas lot death. Witness tfterwsti excislned tbtt
I e meant, no tpecldc cause for deatn.
Attorney-Uencral Syeaier then asked! Tallm
til you have heard irom Dr Williams from the
Hand aa lti.et louchlnt tbe sintptoms obsersed
by nlm In the case of dsn Kite! um, loselLer w Ith
your own tersonsl experience and observations at
the several lott trerttm (laminations ol his bid
have yon any opinion a to wnetlier he died ftom
uaiuial or artificial causvt
Wltnesi-I lave
Attorney Oenenl Blester Slate from wblcliln
jonr Jndimen'. lie died
Witness He did not die from a nstnral cause,
lie qaantilv ol tartar emetic Hut still occasion
death la etceedlntly satiable. A dose of Jl grslns
would be attended with violent sjmplomr, tnd
ttiltbt troduce death.
A case was retorded where two trains produced
death, and soother cae where hair an ounce (310
cnilusl did eot proauce death, The symptoms were
variable, t It acted on tue ailinetilari canal or veins
It was now 3 o'clock, ind the Court adjourntd lo
to-morrow.
OOAA'i' MUM ir.tSlllSdlON.
Thr Coat of the (ieiievn Conlerenre-rrevlil-lug
Aunlnat linrienles of I'ulillc Slnneye
l'lati Drcldlnito Kemnln In tbr Cnblnrt,
Wasuimoium, Dee. 8. Secretary Kith ask for
JIVI.OU) to pay the expenses of makinc the treily
and to run the Oentra Confarence one year. This
ooes not cover any taxllah claims or any inony to
te paid out under It. Ilia understood tint pas
Win, t. Etans alont liO.OOU per annum and his
eapens rs,
Tbe Hon John Lvneh will on Monday Intrcduce
a r solution aulhorlziiiv! hit Co.uinlltee tu luvesti
rate the handltni of money In tho t reasury Depart
ment and various disbursing oBlcn, In order to tee
If there are more robberies unexposed, and lo tee If
there be any tafetuards which can be thrown arooi.d
tbemonejtto prevent the continued larcenies by
cfJclsle, Oen, Spinner, whose bondsmen trt di
rectly responsible lor these last two losses, It over
whelmed with rrlcf. In Johnson he had the utmost
coi.Sdence, havlnjt brouiht htm here from Mohawk,
the General's home. He eayt be would sooner have
seen him brought la a corpse than to have delected
hlin In bla crime. He Informed Mr. Lynch that he
hoped t'oiiiress would Invesltzite down to the hot
torn. And if Here could be more sxlenutrds provided
he would be (lad of It.
The committee from the Tobacco Convention
were before the Ways and Meins loumiltes to-Oay
lo urte the reduction of their iaxe, and especially
the taice on salts, Tie Cum i liti'e Heard them
patiently, but cave no In notion of their course.
Tiie probabilities art that there will bt no matenal
chanrts In Hip l.ii
btertijrr F sli m so dellchtsd with the endorse,
menl he obtained from tno Senaiois yestrril iy that
he Intends to ninam In the Csbluel, nod there are
those wiw he!, eve ne never tusnit to retire If ne
cvu il Aud lny eood excuo lo rem iln
ibe el'y coveruuienl Mill ark I'mimess tn appro
rrlale for various ornamental purposM heio tn
ainonnt equal tu that raised by the c tj aud
UXatlon to impiost the streets.
the oi' ex i. mi Kline.
Tbn llialniilni the Knrf of the tirniit
("iitnrrnn I'nrty In rriint) ItiiuIh
i oricspni.drnce ol '1 tie sun,
PuT!Uit(,u, Dec. 5. To-d.iv't election in this
city comsleleiy uinet.i tbe Cunieron-Orunl-Mackey
Itluz In Western I'ennaylvanla, If Indeed It will not
ultimately work Ita overthrow In the whole Mate.
The defeat of 1). W. Morsan, the Administration
candidate for .Mayor, provea Granl'a unpopularity in
U.la part of (ne Mate,
lturr.au waa (he candidate of the Federal office
holder!, Including L, W. Divls, Internal Itevtnue
Collector, Thot. t-leel. Collector of the l'ort. Hut
sell Errstt, Chtlrmin of the ltepubllcan f-tlte
Committee; and Assessor of Internal llevtnue, as
well st K. W. Mackey, btale Treasurer, and other
Fe !sral and SUls officer wno compose the Camer
on Kine In thta end of Hie btnte. Ills Democratic
competitor, the Hon. James Dlackmore, made tbe
fl-Ul square agalnat ibis King, and a gallant one It
was, achlavtnr victory over the most unscrupulous
political comblnstlon In the country that favors
Hurl's re-nomlnatlot., and thiltoo. ii tine or the
rratl stronghold of (leant radicalism In tue
Uilon.
Tn eflfirls made to defeat Mr, Illn-kmore have
no paralli I in the locsl rniiilu- hist irv of 1'itt
burKh. Mmon Canter n luinse'f took -i n-vU'l In tiie
content b exertinx Ills mtUenca lo brinx t ie l'tn
tnrrciat, hitherto an Ii ippendont relorm Journal,
oTir lo the Morion city llln: and tue ('an erun
Kmc In the htate. lilt icr'o the Commtrclll op
tuned Uraiii and went wu i the Tri'.u u, out su.oe
Ihrtc weens a;o It Hopped over, iviui the antl
Ki'i? Ke;unlicaiit wlilioat a Journal to reoresoul
tli.in
A ween nt". when the Illaekinare ntrencth beian
to de letup, ti.ate I'rea-uier -MacAei waa lecrap eii
ut llain-iiurK lleuislcned nere to a ,v the cite
i'l'tiians (ori-tthK tii.it he A-as a Ntitu vG er, ..e
..I';-' z l ami uiircvel the city rauiDa tn truiu the
I.i 1 1 ih'i i iuti hi a Iq'iurter-. but luatenil ot hi i i i-r
iiia.ter cnyiiaiie them worse. 1itv aoidi ii i-
Lniwn in tieviurd t lllldJii resorted to inr
ti e pur; ose of Wi trpmir tho nnn Hint: voters I1 lo
the .racus. Tt-e uiill-iling lieptiulican were l.ir.'.eiy
Ueruian. and the uumitiitateil titiuee neaoed upon
Ihetn bv the Atiululs ration man .sirs ran have no
other effect tnan permanently to alteuate them Irom
th Rati, a) parti, and for tae utura ouitlniillu
the mtiiortlr In this city, wbsre It ha so loxg tield
undisputed w.iy.
While the result of to-dav's election will txerclse
a most Important local Influence, and perhaps leai
lo an exposition of the smaller Boss Teeue ol
rillsnorcn, II will have a telling effect upon the
politics ol the Mate. Il Is the Drat and deciaive do
leat of tbe Cameron-Urant party ot I'enusilvania,
and upon a field ot tueir own clooalng, and wbete
every adsantace apparently belonyed to them.
The breach made l.ere will run ut! over the State.
As soon as the Lrclslature assembles In Harrisburc,
Hi flint will open there. Col, McClure ol Philadel
phia will be the meuns of stirring it up In the east,
era end ol the State. The fact that he has beeu
mentioned ns a canJldste for the Senate, to fill a
vacancy from Philadelphia, has cauted a serious
mutterlnr Ihrnngliuut the Ulate among t.lo I utnit
rondrint Journals, and the amashlnx ol the un
scrupu ous Klux In llit well will only naiti'ii It. ur,r
ti. row In t' e east, and liilent'ly and streuf t.ien tl.i
ami (ir.uit It-rlmi; all over tue Matej o tii.it whst
may nppcar as only n local event the election o. a
Di-uiurr 'Hi Mi) ii in tie eieal nun cit v o tit
t'niintii Alii t rove In tiie end a inner li.ftuerce In
ii-teriiiiiiiiis the uoxt rreniui-uev uml makiiir u liiul
uud liopvr dii oniiiou ol i'uuieroii and (irant
Ill'.'N.
Ciipi Slui'iili)'i (inptiirr,
l,ast nlis'lit us Capt. Murphy of Hit' Mudlsun
n'riet f OIIco statioi waa pax-luz lliiouch Ciierrt
sircct, near M rket, he raw t vo men tilth ha;n on
t nr siiuoUi-is artln; tusplclotisly, Ti.e C'sptnn
'urroitn ook nt I l-a in, mid the n.m Ircjin to 'lulk
f' or, nnd soon dodircd Into .1 liulwn, in (').nrrj
sireet. Cant. .VuriHit and a detective followed, nun
r-'athod tho yard In tl no lose the Iclloas scilmi;
ti o fe ico. C'iiae was eivjn, but tha thieves e
c-ipud ihrouh line ouool Iho leneinoi ti in MaiKtl
stu-il. I! tuiiiiul lo tn l.rl liisi on. ere i. i aot
Muiuhy tiiuuo two lar;o nscas O.lsd with failles' m.il
ct.lidren'n hnu uiuiocco n'.oen 'Jim (iiiv.m, anil hi.
an.iicult' s.iouidtiied Ite nacks i.ud oarriv l t.ieui lu
tot vlatiu.
Tlir riillmlrlphlii (Illy Trriinniv.
I'lMi.AiitU'MM, Dec B. Ill uoenrdaner ivitli llir
li n'ruitiuns ol Judxe I'.lion, en iiivi-nti.ntinii ha
Li'tn ii ado into tLe adairs of tho city llua-urv Too
oihinl riport ii.) that a'l tl.o hnsmess o1 r.iu tr a
stir. Is sum ended, no Krxin Ixdn nulhonied in
rerelVH nr pay an, mcneie. and owli'K Ui siici sua.
ptusii u I rge aunia of n.onoy haiu arruuiUl..! d In
the tnada ol tho chlifs ol llm various depar mi'Ii a
g-e't'v in excess ot tlm money for wm Mho d nave
een entirt d bv said depart menu. Judge I'ai.on is
coi.eidsrmi what ai llm lo ta .e.
Whut lb hevrnlv nfi' floliiK.
The Iit'tnaiatlve CommtlteHia of I he Seventr,
nnd the Younir Man's Municipal Itolormers :ue
iiborluz to reduce to ahipe the nonunion e I
schemes submitted on which to base u no a city
ch irnr. The cu nuhllvo amUi n of vntlnr as re
ctn'l) tried In B.ixltn,t his been rejected, utid the
coiunltteea are cu-iJidenaj the rlwlas sislem ol
voiinj.
IT.ItSOXAL IKTKhltlU KXCK.
Tliefrnrds of K. II. Hiniorfl snnonnee a reeen
Il ui in his honor in Irviuii Hall on1uoly niiht, Dec.
IS.
PlarlnK tho Aoe lo Win" Is the title r a now
stori by iM'iiwanl 1'nilp, to be imblnliAl in the Flit.
t rf Comi iimwi. Several Ufa-lit noilraiti ol uotca
cuy tauulurs are incladsd In tue irumjilipri sontt,
X.tllOXAh tltl.lltJt XOIKS,
Humor siyt the Flnt Cuvalrytro to be dlsbindcd.
lue beventh will soon npiuir In the Uar-skiu
hut.
Mr.J. II. Injerscll Is atlll tht iiavjeth' Camuiis
t iry
Co' Kfk I shout to reeelve from his reulment an
iMnj ini a k instly snorit.
Ciu' II id W Sponcer of HOTiaittv K, Ninfi lti'i.1
liieii l to I t -en ci led br his cn ninuy this nvrniny.
The First Iloidnenl aio anxluus to aacure ns
ChIiibcI Mr It IV HUnehaidof th (Jovcruor's .-tiff.
Col Maain of tbe Tliirt mth hat rcaliiw.l. Ills
r'" o:ed t ill halt to be s .mini! AHtil.iut Adjutau,
Gsaeral of saakuouu WtVWla
PHLNCli OF WALES DYING.
0 ne a i rxviritsi i:xr .v tii e exuLifiii
m KinuroLiH.
Ilullellna Innurd lliirlna Vralrnltiy-Thr
queen nt the lleilalilo of her fun- 1 he
I'llucena Alexiauilris Mlima-ely Afloitril
rtccrrl tlt-ellni ol Itepubllciins.
I.omdon. Dec. 8. The I'rlnce of Wales Is dTlng.
The (ueen Is wild with grief. The Princes Alex
andra It unnaturally and dsngeroutly calm. Great
consternation prevvtls. The Home (secretary hat
been tummnned lo S.indrluf.ham. Fe.ira of a politi
cal convulsion Incletso. Hell-ringers hive tssem
Med tl Saint Paul's, and will announce Ibe ttdlnt,
of the Prince' death as soon as received. The
Iteptibllcin leaders held a secret meeting to-night,
and decided tgalnst Immediate action.
I.o.ibotr, Dec. 8 A. M. There list teen an
unfavorable change In the conolt'on of the I'rlnce
of Wales. The first bulletin thit morning, signed
by Sir William Jtnner, U. D reports that the
Prluc had a very unquiet night, and this mtrolng
there I a eonsldersbl Increase of the fever. Tblt
tfflelal news, and the tarloua minora on tbe atrael,
son1 of Ihem exaggerating the case, cane a re
newal of alarm, and have the effect ol drrrestlnK
sli cki snd Hi uitrket generally.
II .1 St. The condition of the Prince of Wales
at this hour is growing moivcrillc.il. Die simp
lords have taken a very ttraatrd form, and the
gravest apprehe.iilons are excited. Dr. Jruuer and
his associates hale been In constant attenaance on
the Prince during tbe night and this forenoou.
The report ot hit critical condition excites wide
spread alai m. The rojal household has been thrown
into a state of painful anxiety, und amll the l.-tus
with much apprehension and misgiving.
A'oon. Her Majesty the (ucen has Just left Wind
sor castle for raodrlncliani In a iperlil train hav
ing been notified of the Prlnca't danierous con
dition. 1:30 P. il The latest bulletin from Pandrlngham
rsports the royal patient to be sinking rapidly. His
condition It cotisldsred hopeless. The fever has
weakened hi in lo sucb a degree that lie may sne
curabtoits Influence at any moment. The bulletin
also states that congestion of the lnmrs his set In.
The physltlatis sreofthe opinion thai be will not
survive many hours.
Die Queen II now at the bed'tdc of the Prince.
The city full of alarming rumors In re;ard to Ihe
cae of hit Hoi at Highness, btveral extras bave
1 ern Irsjcd by the motnlng paper Hiving all kind
of reports as they arise, Miny of them represent
ihe clrcumstatees as worse thin they rtallr are
Tiie iiry issu'iu of these extra editions tends to
multiply the publte fears. Tho effect on business Is
ilepi casing. Moc'xs aud public sieurtties feel it,
and financial quotations show a decline Consols
have talltn one fourth per cent, since last night,
and all other ereurltles, foreign and domestic, shats
tu the i all.
J a". J. Indirect Intsllljencs of a depressing
character lias been received from Satidnniham by
the Central Press Association, a generally trutwor
thy source of local news. A repott whlcn is In cir
culation around tbe palace that the I'rlnce baa bt
comt worse ticct morning, Is given under irterve
b) Ibe Central Agency. The physicians have de
cided to commence an Immediate Investigation Into
the origin of thr Pi itce'e illness, n official report o'
whlcii will be mide.
3 P. il An offl:tal bulletin, dated at baadrlnghain
at 3 P. M., aud telegraphed lo Ibis dir. reports fiat
the Prince slept at Intervals durlnz th morning, but
the graver symptoms are unabated, The bulletin Is
signed by Sir William Jenuer and all the phytlclaot
attending ou the I'rlnce of Wales.
A P. il All tue members of the royal family bave
been sumtnonet by telegraph to r-sndrlnghm.
5 P.M. there are exciting rumors on 'Change, an
notinclcg the death of the Prince of Wale, lot the
news is not suthentlcitod, and should be roicivel
with t,rrat cml on
0 SI V e SI tml ii J las JuU iiiul tn c i
tra acn uncinz U.nt the Prince of W.ile Is elnkine:
ait, Conteslion of Ihe lun;s lias set In, and tine
are no hi pes ol l.ts recnv i re.
1.0MI0N, Dec. 8. C;M .1 -The following It the
1 lenl ufli'l I but.i-tir ii t. Pni'i i ill t
'"A'-rn II M i V III- I" ii- of
IVmU- iu.i n i i .i i.' -n'Si I la' i a:, n
Iii a .li is. t-i u. a to ui'ii niiai p iii, ui ul
tn'O-ih
1 o bu Mm It slTned oy .Sir Wi 1 1 i Joiiaer
8 P il It is ru onru I on tii street Hint the
Pi ince of Wales In dead. The etalemeut creates tin
cre-itesi C'in'eriialioa In all cire'es.
l30 P. it Ti." I'liietclatis In altendanee on the
Prince o' Wales have Jut Issued a tiullt-Mn an
nounclng that Ills Ho) si Hlglcess has slept sllzhl
ly, but Is still very muc i prostialed.
iltdntffKt. The sudden and un'avorable change
In the condition of the Prince o! Wales has caused
a leellng of deep sorrow throughout the entire
country, and manifestations ot sympathy are pour
login from all sections.
Trt excitement In London to night has hern In
tense, and Immense crowds ol people have gather
ed In front of tbe newspaper and telegraph officea
anxiously sjcklng Information concerning the cou
oltlon of the Prince,
All claascs. Including woikmen, havo held public
mee lugs, at which resolutions were adopted ex
pressing despitt sympa'hv lor Ills Hoyal Highness
I,i-I the Tliiu-s Truer thin Clicc'.i.
lo thr IMiur ot Iht .Mm,
Pin: Tho jVru Yori Tint sbva (here Is no
evlit- te cunnoctln; Prosldo.il Orant mhIi the g i. i
sprciiinlinns on Itiick Frldar, rxcei'l ihnt of a nt
lor oils indlvl lual wl.mi tl o id lor terms a t tef,
Nui wist inz to dl'cui t ie truth or hiisliy or this
qu Ailuii. 1 Invo Ihoii.'ht of u dinner miiv by whl h
tin Ti'i c ml 1 relh ve the public limn di u' t It
teems tour was a cbeci ulien to (VrMii on c
count of the cold epciulallon. homo Inquiry wa
msce at the tinie, out fir eotne roisnn orotl erennir
to ui end ui!dnl. K li e 7'irwa vti.l g vu tu the
puhlir ihe n line ur hanion of the for'Utiate puny In
niioee ninds 'I Is laii'e slim Inini'l a K'n'nu ptmu
It Miinld ei, ib e the i nxious public lo put I ie saddle
U'iuo lue wtutiiiir iiorni', t.
Nnrrovs trnpo ul ttio liruuil llulie lrls,
Huston, Deo. 8. Wlnlo tlio Ur.iiul Duko und
pi rtv wero b-ln driven IhruUjth L'oiunilius avenue
this fori noon, alien id ly tlxi coininlttrt ol tin
1 ily Council, and escorted by a deiiohin -nt of car
all J, tho loires attachod lo one of tiie barouchos. In
Mhlt'h Morv aratixl Admiral Poiei, (len. (loili.fl.
und two in tn lure of iii cdinii.lltt-o, touklng.it at
t in Cuitter uf the cavalry sabrvs, and ran utiuv. Tue
baiouclie of tho Prii Co Alexis had a narrow recipe.
1 ne trl:lilunei hornei 'iintiuiio I on Her mid ca
rei'r mini a ciiiil-1 n vvtt'i u pissing tiam renu ti-l In
llm mii ck of tno cant iit. 'Ilmurivur w..s b.illv
hrun-ed.
(ltd Vuii'it Duir iiiuliliiir ii l,oroiiiotlsi- Uerful,
A i-iiuill hull nt p bulnniiit; to the votn-iabio U.
Vnit-lorhovi n. ot ihe P.,ltron OuarJIan, mid a
Newfoundland ilili; li-ltniciiiie lo Win, of tho Patir
ton Pittd, wire imiagid mi long fi:ht near V
l,iVoiiw (N. J depot, on the Brie Hulwav, c.i
Irursdiy nilrimon. 'Iho listile would undoub'
edlv hale om'cil In a draw had not llir lit lit tlui
oullt'd his autu ;oull on Hit track and held him there
until a Iruln camo nlon The lltllo dog trouc n'
down, und tho Iruln wint over him without hurting
him. nhllo ti c bit' doz mmi ground lo e,iiinagc ft e i.
Alter tho tialn pursed tl.o little dog kkid.nldliMl wi.
Lis tntl between his lec nnd a piece of He Incdnf'
ear in Ms mouth Affidavits cm be pinum-i d t
wove thin nn-irlloii Irom Tod Hpsnton, t.n l.i,,
It.linay i i' ill ul that stillon.
HPOltllXil HOTUH,
St O'Ha'dnln livs ohtllenged Jem Mco 'in
u:m ii i1e.
PriAu Hum H.irry Illcktn and Tom Oxiord are to
ft;lit lor e-iv a do,
A rnilen In nn the turns I etween Han Contelm mi 1
am Ha ran. the si ij loa n nun.
J" Ii V I) TIT 11 l 'I'Mllitlll II light bIW Oi-'l 1 1
I I I ei sn I I. in I) l.HiV 1 1 lai Iflfj
J. I n (Id'lv tnd HI I' V"iiiit it ro in fell 1 1 In vial
Inr rKtfl Jlld Ills cnaiui inn illli of .I'llO.I.
J II. Suillr and .1 ilium K 'lv Jre inaleheil In to v
for as.de an t thciui.iainn "P of li igl ml
'Iho Wurd luoli.oia aro lorinlng anew eiew tils
winter, and iu tha apilui tboy will ho ready f t ull
con'era.
W 15 llanllng hi n unknown whom ho will
inatrhlo niay J. Kejwnrll at kk.llns for frooi III" lo
llui aaliw, at Hoii'iii" ""-1 HWi nUetta,
vniPTVD Fit on rnn anvAT nun.
A Poor C'rnxty (llrl. svlionn Pnrrnt Prr
Inlird In Chlcntn, Picked up llenlltiite u
Ihr wirrete of Nrwbnreli.
Cot ejpon tence of thebno,
Ntwm'auit, Y-, Dec, 8. L.tsl nlglit a roiins
girl, iipparen'ly about 13 jeara old hj'. w o give
her age n IS, ratier good looking, but ah bhily
did, was ta.ten Into custody by Cltv Marshal Goid.
rich, who luuod her wandering about tho slrectt
alone and destitute. Iter mine It Flora Ilronn.
She It an adopted daughter ol a Mr aud Mrs.
Drown, teil lents of CfllClgo al the tl-ne of the (tient
conflarralloii, who have not beet, seen nor heard of
since tho terrible dlsisler.
tier parents, when last tesn, were onabndgo,
widen wai aflcrwrl destroyed, !otiie ten or twelve
lives 'vere 'acrlficed. l'lora being uiuble to obtain
a cine to tbe whereabouts f lu-r parrnts. either
de. rt nrallve.tustslncl herself for a tlmo In Ci.ica.o,
and then stnrte I lor this cltv In search ol her dead
tiiiithtt's tiller. (In atrlvluJ here she was petnl
let, and was kindly dred la by the police author
ities, Cltv Marshal Goodrich this morning Instituted a
aearcli lor the girl's aunt, who he Itimed had re
moved to the btale of Illlnol- iboiitt'neo )ej,rs avo.
He came across another dlttrtt relative of the girl,
who took charae ol her. Hirs the will remain lor
afevdais. Flora I without doubt deransed In
mind. At times tho Will pucct-tt quite far Into a
d-ncrlptlve narration of the great conflagration,
Ihen suddenly Indulge In a Lud and hearty Isugb,
which It lollowed quickly by 'ttddlng of lean.
xiro cast La o .hikes itoaves.
Slanirenvrrinir to (trt lloU of nn F.mla-rnnt'n
llurd-l.urnrd Mivlnin-llnocUlnr Ilevso
mid llobblng In ii lt..wri-y slloou.
Adolph DrrrlDp. of ii! Wilt street, Is a lober
and hard-working Merman, win, ihouadi onty a short
time In the cc entry, his mamd to save 1W, which
be deposited In the Utrman Savings Hani, Four
teenth street and Fontth attune. Home time ago
Herring was out of work and U.ed hard lo get iodic
thing to do. lie fell In with John Meyers, of SI
(IrernwicU street, a Ca-ilo Garden lonuer, iv'io told
D. rrlng that be could get Mil work. .Meyers took
hloi lo sn employment ofr.C" n 9 Oreinnk street,
kepi by a German. Derrinz wis asked whether he
bad any money, and replicl tart be had very little
with him, but bid more In Ihe German Slaving
Dank. Meyer gave his coufsJcrit a wink, and
then Dermis was In'ormel by Mers t tat I
would lake him to a place In Tiilr.l avinue where he
was sure or getting e:i pluetnc'it. Mtjira took
Derrlng out. Ano:'i--r coun r folio I. aud the
three tsttit up Chi.taain itrsst an: tlnou::i tLe
Uowe ry.
O t' e wsv Meytrs qtloa.d Derrlnj abont his
tsoney in the ImnU, and sdvued hl.n as a f rlnd to
draw It out, as nouaof the tarings banks were
sound, and mlzht at any tlte closs their door.
Dernug, however, ha 1 o nflJenc In the German
Havlm-s Ihnk, it j) era and Durriuj I al now got
pretiy well uj the ltowery. Tno olaer rxcal. who
was close behind them, Hter.in; to their conversi
Hon, suldcnly crossed the street and walked up un
ti e other side, and entered a lager beersalocn.
lie wa In there but a short llm when Mo ers and
Dsrrlng cam aion,-. Miters lavltrd During to
step lu and tuke a gl-ss ol liter, which he did.
Tiie two sat down anddlscunel Ihe (lories a' the
Fatherland. Menu's confederate ttrpped up an t
ook hands wltn lit in. and polll-sly busted to Her
ring, liccr was ordircd for the inree.
"Do ou know what tbev lay around tMs nelrh
beri ood I" sal I jteyera's confederal In German.
Wny, whai's the milter I" asked Meyer.
"The) say that the German sivlni Usnk Is
thaki, and will hate to suspend oou," wa the
answer
Herring stsred wildly, and declared last be would
tmmenialely draw his money Meiers and Herring
led, and went over to the biak, and Derrlng drew
bis money.
While tiie two were returning, ihsy were met by
Meyers' coriedirate, whotaiured Herring that he
anw of a place tn Chataam street that would ex
aellt auit him. To Chatham etrret they repaired.
They went Into a saloon, and had soiu more beer.
The lmilo Derrlng was cetil'ig Ms etes open, and
suspec.ej that they only wanted to gel his moner.
ll-trin; goi uo lo l"sve, and was luiowed to the
door br ateyers and liis confsderite, who kuocked
Ullil down, aiidroboi'J I im of ma f l.'i j. 'I he tnivvos
mii'iJ trruugti a reir doo.. aesterdo Derrnu
re.oned to i-erg-ini Huvlnk at the 1 uurcu street
niatluii tint he ha' beeu rnbbml Dy two men
OOeer Vo Interpreted mo tin to the STEeant,
auu it wan placed In the nan-Is or an officer. A'tcr
a thorouz.i surcb. the offlur c.iuaut lu,ers, and
tooU mm lo the Ci urcn atreet stall i-i. A few dsn
a.o. Meiers nld lint p0'-ii de' nt ratnent. bat
yesierday lie had on a new suit, sou uraoca diatr.oud
pin. '1 ie coiiltUerate is kno a u tu tiie police, wn i
are cnif. lent that thsr wl,l i ave l.im si on. 'Ihe
in.mev Was not recoie red. Meveri w-v-comiunlud
111 t.UStllO llO.UU lu du.aU.t ul 4 hall.
AMI fl.3l I-XIS.
Itlibln-trln. llm I'innlst,
Il ii pleaaniit to Luoiv definitely that ilr.Qrau's
arr.n-.vinci.ti with llublnilcln luic been pirfecled,
and Hut la tniulng year will bring hint to t ,l
country. Gradually all the loremost artists ol the
world drift wistward, and ll.omb they come only
lor a season, their experiences of this country are
so pleasant that, lUo Miss Nilsion. Miss Mthllg,
and Mm Krebs, they ovetitsy their urst Inten
tions. In Anton IluMnsleln we shall und"Ubledly bear
th greatest of lltiuir piatilits. Luxt Is to be lelt
out of Ihe .quesllin, lor he has ceased to be a public
performer, and is used to say to those who ask him
to pla), "Ittally, air, I do cot play tho l.iiuoite."
Allowing for Ihe affectation there Is I.i this, still
there is alio much ttulb, for his serious liaors as i
composer have preventel him Irom glvlnz lothe
pi n i that unceasing practice which is ti e mil,
ti-nurt un MMtu great pcriurmers cau hold u.nt
rmk
I.'-rl hlmser announced IluMnsleln ns tils sue-ie--ur
vhfn tlto latter whs uiilv a Om ol in', i,n.t
lue prot'tieev. l.iunde 1 on Ire viiinilei-fully U:ft fcjtM
I' e i inv I dv Hie enliu, hn luun i tl u liilment
Hi iin'i'iii is a I.'u-mlii, sin tlj, uili i.innilit
irnin Je i-li urii-e-ii i linn the fnlnv iiiir rtther Ina i
ihe I ibiow typt'ot lac. Hi siaiid:attiur hh a
.lw, but his lamer a uu-ni'mi m Ho lino,
C Ul r-n, nn in ulsn Hie ;il'nl-l. He is now (iintj.,n.ri
,1-RrMnt n-re. ni'il .n tin- iii'neni r-is piiner Ili
Co i nu '.ill I. ive die i-llei ol nil u lui tnz tu tl,t
mi i I i his ro npiMtil m, wine i up' to li'i e i ,w n
l:i r,i. Il i.ns i oi only wr.iti'it oner ihii-I avin-iu-nis--
on. oi alnc i luiter i ur 11-11 i iii-juii iorii'ty
ne tail willlel out Nto ll'lliy pi-liu ii-rn- anil
i in lur one. two, uml lour vonei siti-n .-ive
ii.v i-i rn-l sunn'-1 it is i x-rvncil. rut In an.- nick
iii.v i i r iniiiNion form, hut vvilu an In iv.'.n hi.,
tit iu'v. haiuiunio tiuatmi'iit lh.it iiiaivo i.tui r v
"t'e uti.i-r. r. (liuu's er. Iigi'lnei.tn nl-n n ,1
to nlhei' iromli.nnt sr lit-, atnoiit them He ri W in
ii -,.i-i, i vi nii.vi mrd v l-i il,.iii :iii,ii,. I th n
Un t- t .In c. tni, util I'uli, i.n equally cileliraird
vii'lonceiliat.
Drlint !onrnil ol II ri. Itiiwr,
Mrs. T. 1'. liowu iiimlc her tUbut as n eo icert
sinjer In mis city on TmiiMiay eieuin-;, ui
WoiM r'l Hoon s, bo'orc t Inlltii-t ,m ll-hce, whir'
iioru aan Piled Ins hall. Mis. Knive t li' li.,
Non Turno ol Mattel, Handel's "Kv, r Hnjht
and F Ir," and look part w.tn. Hie barttoi.r, Mi
I .uiu j nun, in a ilii'tl bi I'o.n.tv a. Ihr iuIim it a
iiicu j-snpr. iiu of unusual rjn:e Hit I voluuie, and ol
r t nikiililv plea-u l quilily. and she ums it Mini
nii-xr.'Ptio ..nil" tisle nl a high ilrgrve of s ilil.
ii. Ho .1 sail tr w ii. t ti is In a-ell hon Han
il 1' dli mo an i--t i iign vvuruili inrurel
ai.tr )"ieii nt ti-iiii'ie". und H-e ilili'if una Ihrnuzt out
u i that w'ii nnl.Tiui to nersnii und uialuju, to
li r ito.i. i
IIIIOtHCI.VX.
M nor K I'l'flnl'oh ie- ordu oflore I u retari nt
l' 0 .oi il.,' uvivrt) ol the mlsii'ig nnli-lu s oi
I trst luitriii uf tin' instil l urn. an i a aij i r iik' am I
it i oouvii'llou ol Iho person! uo ooiuuiutcd lit
thsfl.
fLASIies I'litIM Til It OIHiAX CMII.e.s.
The tn.i'jr.ipn lire belweeo Yalpiraiso and ban
IV l.t' mil oesu cnniplslel,
rim tr'tlnron lle rsrnlt of (he Tlchboiu caee
l ten lu one nyainit tae elaluianl.
I'lui' 's inrssase rtronimends that the annual
ar ui I'outlUKuut oe llii'd at S0,0),
T. i 1'ieneii b irn N"lre Dime, from Lond n lor
Mouu video, has tern humed al ana.
I ho 1 1 on Thomas Mottle, the Amarli'iu MmU'.or
ii I', i ii, ii -lek, and iiaiilirtedfor San York-
A tin Hon wiu iii.tdo lu tho Kreni'li Assainble 1
i.id.ij I n ihe mnioiul of the llovilliiiiolil m I'nrn.
stilke uf in Irlejrapli i per Ho in I.ii.iton,
Mam n..i Ll".''!-' 'J SO I nlll-r I li I .lie. I .liil
Ill-Ill
A tailroid Ilia hunn b- i'ilii lmtsveen Valimr nsii
an I Un- I ar .mi is uuuii, om ol wn uu li lumoa nt
Oil uO
Henry Mitlg ha nurchisel a lar-o p.ill.ii ul
Ihe -ii'iurlm I Lima lo bud I c ttiiltra on in Imp. or.l
Auii'ru-aa plan,
A conierence or rop'tsintftlves of Gii i'ein-I i
nan hilm'lor. and llnmlui i- H In hi- tin ij i in e n.
hcr. tnd situii a ptoji'ctiut tut lormauou ul at-stalial
Auiiiuwu v-waaJiialwii,
AG KM FHOMSAM tTKL S. COa
me most is'rKiiesrr.vu hi:crvnn
or hip. si: a sox.
Tbe; llm vi-ln nl l'lrr-t HriirfH for thi- Odd
I'cHovn eil Clilcngn -Th Vlci-nPtr-ilileiil
lielnrr .tiiim-lcun l,ndgn
Ihe linn H. S, Cox lecture I in tho largo hall
of Cooper Institute last evrnliiR, under the auspices
of AtnerlriH I, .,!ge, 911. Vies 1'ieMilei.t Col'ax alsn
pol.e Th ileoion-lr.itton was for the benefit of
Ihe sum rinn O.ld l'el own ol Chlca-jo. Mr.Cox said
The modem chemist lint declirml that there Is no
such thin;- as fire that It Is only Ilia combustion of
two g its, which hcip hiikn ti'.i cur material unl
v, iso. ItOiievi'r this may be, oua thing Is sure, that
the sun. the thief source uf our light and he.it. Is nn
Incsnncscent mass of fire, ron'itmlng and lllumlnat
Inr, nnd that Ibe untterse would tm tin engine with
out force If It lacked fire. Thr iron, magnesia,
silver, and what not of the chenn-t'i termtnqlor,
which burn lu ware of tupendous, nnreitlng, and
Ineffible brilliancy In our central orb, are cloely
akin to the flint rpvrk hy which the savage lights his
pipe, or which Ii struck from the It on shod hoof ul
the horse ,ipon t5e stone. Ice itself Is In some de
sue but the nWr.ce u Are. Tne eternal snout uf
.Mont MaLC vnd the enorm'.na glntltrs ol t icen
land, us well iii thi volcino of Vesuvius or tho try
teis of Callfornli. are Instinct with Ore The bslt
of Orion and tn comet ol Kncke, the ring of iutum
end tne .urt. eit star pinnacle. i dl,n In the Interne
Inane'' or the tnter-itellar spaces, rtre vital vitn that
mystcrloos lores whlih cooks fur inimorlco and
consume Chicago
Ihe she, lava, and trap of the volcmo burled
Hirculineum by the same ororesse b whlcb the
cinders ai heated nndsr your trrale. The power
wtlchhas made vjlieia and tnouiililc, uoheaved
aud depreisei tor globe, Is th same which uurls
Iho mclerolcbomb tniough the summer ulcht and
makes the tea kettle boll lor Watt's invention snd
Iliddv't delizht. T, e rosy fingers ol Aurora," of
wulch limner so often slugs, are tinged with this
snot e name; but It Is the same flame In another
form whlcb paints the carnation, adds a hue to the
violet, give color to the ruby, make th diamond
shine on the breast of Matilda Jane and paints her
cheek wllh blushes wnsn John William Henry
Jingles the door oeil. It enable the photographer
to cut the exact featnres of tbe human form, dlvln
or ugly and it enable the scientist to determine by
the spectrum tho color which Indicate the psnlnx
or Iron lr.to steel In the big Dessamrr retort, and
tlenalutoof the tubsianccs In tbe distant siar.
Ily Iho aid of the vapor It creates from water II
drives tne steamer over oceans, tunnels mountain,
rallies for gold and silver within the sunless clum-be-wof
the e-ttli, fires the mitrailleuse, and dives
lor tno relics uf old wrecti and th noudr of
the sea,
11 t things arc as we use them. A pound of beef
steak has v-uoitz'i r.:c acid iu tt ta kill ten men.
You may sweeten vour toa with sugar drawn Horn
ti e hunir of Hit- vimgiir barrel. Out oi the black
muck the ro-c of l'erl.i and the llllies ot tjhiron
trow, and holoinun L.. l.o lopaitl so Inwoven wltn
hue and lixat. Wnat a htevs n, wnat a curse, Is
Hut etetneut, who-v rava:e in ti.e i ralrie (.l.y we
come hue lo ntclii lo lnttiii.tr.
"What drives thit Iran 1" sill Siteplenson, the
Inventor ol the Im uui'dire W an. Is il nut one ol
your ig tnziues f but n ii.it dm cs the en
alue I" "On, very likili a Canny Niwcaille
dmer." "Wtul no lotl sir to tnc itihtuf tne
sunt" 'How t" a-ked the 'rlend. It is rothing
ele," said li t engineer, It Is light I illlid up lu
the rartn for lens of thousands o lesia light ab
sorbed by plant and lesetablcs, belnz necessari
tor in- cunilebsaiiiin of carbon durilK the pruiess of
their growth; and now a".-r tslnc burled In the
c.rtli tor long azet. In lit Id s of coal, that latent llzht
In sc-ilu brought loilh and liberate. I Id Cie.towotk
as In that locomotive lor preal t uman purposes."
W hat u tuarienous rrcuperalivo 0tr there Is lu
this Amerl an race ol ours. I was In the rMerra
Nevada li-t aui mer, at toe town of 1 ruces; or lo
be More -lanlcoiir. while there a poiltlcil uiecting
wa Li Id at u ic.it 1 will not mention of what patty.
Suffice it tuat 1 waa oa a plaltorm, bunt over a big
boulder wl lets was half out of the irotind. Th
orator was In the act of sending op th American
bird, wnen th cry oi "Fire I" dissolve! the meet
Ing and atartied tbe town, As It was the third time
I' nad been burnea In a ear, the population knew
their late. At mtdnitU 1 retreat lo Douner lake.
But returntet; next eventi.g, 1 found aire -dy some
K itch pine ssantles and "canvas-back" housea
ulll amid tbe aal es, Uu one there was a stun out
lu tilarlng leiters, Ice creaui lor sils."
bo in Chlcao, there Is a similar spirit of rrcnpe
ration. Ill th offspring of our Ami rican lustitu
ttnns, on elast.clty wine i eutT-rs no disvsier to
reprr: its emeror'X''. It Uants tuu c iano.s of
life, and t.ic c i itigi tune not onl. with couraze,
but wild licailitiesi Ii hi cs! e. hy nn Kilglisn
jnurnsl. the um li.iiuc. easuu-p, ffmdiii oi hviuj,
teiuur to Hi" couitrr, Mmili, tl It does not
amount to l.tiiii'n or siu.cisn., leiy ueui akiu lu
it. 'In illunltait-. W Ueti leitow ten r n .s iletiinai
luz NeM O it an. .1 w iter ul the M ('hails Hotel
rushes to ihe iifftn- u,i,i cxr,u,uis, i ufflo for ill,
em cucklnl for SJ iierA' "loc.it il for li'i,
afilu cm Hall" So In C Iczo; a nierchinl hasi
hiiii.Z to lis house .ml hu.ne, u.eits a lueul
"Win news!" Hmi-i- borii.'J re aaln at
at or's, babies all ru..i." "Aliriz t.'' rei oudi
ihe Amerle.ni man, and he zoes i worA rebnil unj:.
Il Is uudtr lull supten e law of the American
inl d call It what )ou in. tint the lumm nnd
s I'er. if i.ot btl"r, I Inrvjo nil, rise It Mil n-e
an ti e more re-men '.em like tin- lat.le I ci r. liei aue
of th nius c iT t e human liei 1 1, w i teh I' i o'.s wrli
tt in siupathv. lake .ilonireal, vvpici grew greater
oui o per iri-it tiie, lite -Nt i luik in lsio, IiaC tt
l.uudon of lu'a), il will rise iu ire sus.Aut ai uud
giauder than evnr.
Trial ot Ibr llrnnklm llnllot-llnx HlnlTer
The trial of Iho Iuiiectora of Election of the
First District if tne blxth Wstd of Drooklyn was
cuncluJsd yeiterdat'. The Jury went out at iiii P
M., and were called In at 11:30. They could uot
agree on a verdict. It Is said there were eleven for
conviction and oue for acquittal. District Attorney
Morris hinted tint certain Influeuces had been
brought to bear on tho dissi-ntint Juror, Mr. O'N'ell.
Judze MrCue Hied upon Tuurnday lor the rrarzo
mi'iit of the case, aud ralaod the bail from 13, Wo to
5,0nu.
Slrlnlrir Uncos.
.Vg'i- Obmsims, Dec. 8. Kirat race. Fteeple
close li:iti.licir, about two aud a hall miles; Ciub
purse. It.sj. Won by 11. Ind Tom. Time, 6:1 j.
rAerond race. C ub purm, f jej i mile heats j for
thre.' joar olds. Won by llidy W llllamson. Time,
HVIV
1' ,nd r.iro Hu'i purse, fSOJi thrsa mile lor
ail .ne Won by ailins. 1 1 ue. t): 13V.
llir- Wlllii'nltiirru Ti ngrdy,
Corrceiniriileui'-1 uf the nun
WiiKeinirinr., Dm-. 8. Thi-Jury In the caso rf
Dora Stater, accuse! or tho murder of her t'usbind,
ii I. oil to sgrte, fintidln; nno tor murder tn tne first
deiroe, and tin ee tor iituidri II the second degree
I he pil-ontr, tin nit :P hr i unset, sui'inliie I i I Ira
I tuuittv ol murder In the snoi'd dezce. It was
iitceoleii by lint Jddti. H nlohi'e Has defined.
Ulanyipciiriiiir-e ot mi Old ou C-tptnlti,
(,'nl'l, Tiioiuns (1. Ilml'-en, i n old bene ptit'n,
who lost Ins ship at nan lew mouths ago, dlsap
I eared ftom hM toeidiT.cn Nn II, and Lai not
been leant of flnre He was lal seen In rlou'h
llrootclvn, hut I sittirosiMl to tuvo roitie over to
No is York on a nnree ahI t'i li'ive li-nn shanzhiled
I-) ILo sallar thaiks ol tun Kouilli Ward,
l.OSSKi Itr flltK.
lid ward l rr nui .n's bikery In Nnmir'i. fl.OW.
Ti oAizyll Hiioins, l.on Ion, and sdjaceut build
in zi.
1'heOxturd Hit'tr Kill isr 'ssti re III llroait street,
IJj.lo i. was danuged tVOA) )C Urday.
J I, Tiaeey A So i' si ne mannficlory, 11
WarrenstienU blue ll.oW) mill link'. II 9
At N'utidi staiiuti, l.irinzalnn ruiinl). N V.,
Pnrt'l Jzc' ti'iich. I tin np.o ia hlock, a id three duel
luijs. l.un, a.o Iucenaisrv.
MrKnitht A Co.'" rulllni mill In lliin lnchnin, Pa.,
u ii imed )ealerdav m ruing, hnu. lias u3n in-uro-l.
i anss. Hi Wntohiuau'a droppiu-; a luuiS'l w on lulo u
o irrei ot oil.
WASIUXOIOX XOTPS.
The l'midi'iil yi-nti i 'iiv uld In a pro'i inent
nii'tither or the hennte i lint hi- win almoii n-riaiu that
t-iiii'lnry FUh veuula rem ilu in Lie i iinnei.
Dr. Wpeuc ct-lui tl.ii niziie l tn.' nn lour and a
hall before the t onmi'itie nl lv sis nnd Menu in lavor
ol a tax ol sutouti centi uu all kinds of tohuttu and
mud.
A onmniltlA of eapert nnd epgravers have been
examining Iho bonus pinoliaen L rei'n mod. nod ei.
i hange-l hi Uo' Oovczuii.tul, hut Invo uot )ei fauud
any spunoui tiiiai.
Beth Joliiison, the Treai'tri diraulter, wit ineit
ot leiterdsv sliernoon, A-eiitnnt Ireaiurer Tultie
slztiihg the stu lavit chsiiriua hi n with Atntmrilnii ihe
11 vcruinei I ui'iu.'y Nn an titional irretulailllei nave
hoeu one ovoreil in tiie ireanuy.
Urn. (Ji'iirgo H W'llllaini, who was recently sn
Iccioil bv the Japanesu (lot eriiuient lo oiuaiiiie u in
tenia ten nui don iitiuciti iu that r iiiuir, will e,tva
ir-iiar Inr J iimii sceoiniiatii n In .our Japaaaee who
have been edui atid In ihlirouutrv.
The lei ir ir.uu -iiiftari s'lsl., tm t ta Cuinr-eis,
slmwiiit npsviiut,, i ma friiui ihe ,-iiiiiiiiKt'ii' fund
InClil'l s nil tieill nl IIS 000 on m jn i il I iu Ana t ill
u in llrill-h .1 .il llititi t uiiiinii-ioii. mill al-o Iho I'Speiu
dlliraol I O.a-0 out ol mj aitroi a et nuo lliud, with
ihu lYae'iluui'i ai'iiruval.
A pnslal lutiictilloii lin been coiic'ilded wltn
Foiiad'ii sol n! intii eTiict nit no tiiittl v Iho Ie lor
I ii nn to in ho .'il o'H pin half uutii'o A poil.ll c.m
vn..lioii hai Hiin bieti coin I'idi'd Willi lleniuatK io
uu in -I efl rt mi ihe I'l of Jaiinsrr l.ett 'r ou-iaate Is
ri ul 1 oi' 'll t 1 Pull uir- 'I prenaiil i If not pit!
oasd i oaala ilu will in caulnult-l ou Unnvsrs,
AxoTiten snr.LL ooixn iiona.
Thr Arrest In Nrrr (Irlrnnn of n Now York
Holrl-KcriM r'n Dasbloz llonrlrr-.1Ir.
"Iniuig'n Dlnuiiinils-A Trip lis lii( rslua.
About the beginning of last month a young
man, pielrnding lo be a son ot Mr. Nelson, of the
firm of Nelson .t Laodefler of New Orleans, took
hoard nnd lodging In Mrs, Jane Young's hotel, al
1UI street and Eighth avenue. Fred, as he called
himself, had plenty of money, and being of (rented
address, his representations were not questioned
by bis ho'lcss or by the persons Into whose society
he Introduced hlmsslf At the end of n week he
cruse d boanllnz at the hotel, but continued to visit
It during Ihe three wesks following, ostensibly to
psv his addresses lo n Miss Miller, to whom lie bad
engaged himself to be murled. At the end of that
peilod, bowsver, he suddenly dissor'ired wllh
I'Z.&OO north of Mrs, Young's diamonds. Bhe lost
tin time In lodging a complaint with the Ilea
quv'trs detective force, glviug a description of He
rogue and of ber ml-slnz oropor v. but no trace ol
elder was discovered until K-.tur.liT last,
NrWon was arreste I in New Oi leans on tne 31
Inst If IbitfCllve James rimttli on liifo.'nisilnn tele
graphed Irom Ibis city In his possession was found
a poi Hon ol tue stolen Jenlry, consisting of (wo
diamond rings, two diamond earrings, one gold
clulu, and one pair of gold reglaes, He pleaded
tullty, and was tca anUril In Ir Parish rlson lo
an ail a requisition from Gov. Hoffman,
Fred Nelson, w lose real ua ne Is 111! Nolmd, Il
about 33 yens of ace, slim built, flte lest lour
Incites in height, wllh dark brown curlv I air and
smsll thin nioitstacn Ills carrr has been a very
snd one. He was Im. n In -Sew Oilran- of respecta
ble pareutn. who uaie him an exreltint education,
to whicn nature untied Hi Instincts manners, and
addles of a g-niiemaii. For a lond time his do
t ortiiiint was sn -h aa tn -(.'in him Ihe esteem or all
tbotet with whom he tame lo contact, a well aa tho
rove of nt ol the most adiniied bel.es of Ids native
citt. 'I his yeuns w oii.au move! In tbe Itlgheit
circles ot .Sew Orleans rot'isty, to which iNolend
ulwai hkd tbaentif r. They were and ire sltll. It
Ir laid engared lo ho mam d. the lallbfiil gill re
'using In Ihe 'ace ol Ins most stuhjora testimony
to believe lilm gujltr.
Noland was furthermore accounted a rapab:
business man, and could slwa.a command sit
ustl ns of trust at lucrsfrv salaries. Far a time
he was employed In acotlon tnd commission house
In Perdldo sireet, wblcn he lelt (c assume the posi
tion of head bookkeeper and cashier of a largt firm
in Carondsltt street. Implicit lilih wl placdln
lilm, snd his rise to a hlgn nindlng lu Hit cotmntr
clsl world wi but a question of lime. It
Il bird, thsrslore, to conceive whit In at
nation led him aatray. He made the ac
qualntance of evil companlona who Intro
duced) lilm Into ti.e haunii ol Iht vile, ami from
on xceaa he aoou fell Into another, sinking
deeper and deeper Into th mlro as (he days wtut
b). It forgot hi afflinced and souzht the society
of abandoned women, with one of whom, calling
hcretll Etta Ilivltt, r.e lived In a fashionable up
town boarding house for a loit time as bus-iand
and wile. 1'nls woman, although cast aside after a
while Ilk oti.ers, lined Nah.nd passionately, and
lollowed htm to tint city and back again to New
Orleans, bhe now says that she mil slick In him
ic his trouble, tnd remain us ,av through life If
ne will permit her.
To keep up such a cour-e of rxtravasant dlsl
prtion required more money than Nuland' salary
would sflord. Il did not Lrsildn to take latge
iimi Irom time to time Irom tne firm's funds, whlen
he threw away upou Ids mlstreisei and at the
gamins table. Alter an unusually heavy evenlnc's
loss on Christina night Isst, he became alarmed
Isil his teculatlont should be discovered. Fevrlng
to remain In Ihe city he made a final haul of 15,1"))
and fled to New York. Tho rst ha been toi l. In
a lew day more h will return to Dili city, nrd if
be citinot command political Influence, soon tike
up his abodt In blng blng.
tux i.Aiesr poi.icK ouor.n.
Another Illgotril lltine from the tin I berry
hlreet Slatrblr I'nlnce.
At a meeting of tbe Hoard of Police jciterd.ty
tbe followlns resolution was adopted!
Kitolxril, That the clnperlnlendsnt be directed to
notify tbe officers of Ibe International societies of this
city that tbe propossd psrsti of tbe ocletdei on bun
der, Dec. 10. will not b srmlttsd on mat day, acd
that the parade or demonstration. If made, mull i on
om otaer day of the week than Sunday I ana, iCTtner,
thst the Superintendent be directed to take the neces.
sary meaiures to prevent the parade on Sunday In case
it lAruttei annum Inalit nn naradlnr nn theldav
D. D HAFHOl IK. Acting Chief Clik
The l'l'eueh Vntlonnl Asnrinhlr lll'lualiiz
C'lrliiruri lo thr t oinniiinlntn,
I'ahis, Dec. 8 Kvcnniir. The tcsalon of tho
Assembly to-dsy wa very turbulent. A vote of
urgency wis demsndtd upon the qne-llon of the
fuiLfe It nil of fovirnmcnt for France and was re
fused. M. Ponjcr iuertier,the Minister oi Flnsnc.
at nuunced that he will present the budget !or 18T3
tomorroer. A bill Has presented annulling tho
dicree coullir.itin; the ptoperty of the Orleans
Princes. A vote of urgen.') upon the bill proilding
for the return of the Assembly lo Paris was refused
by a small majnritv
II e i lumber waa subsequently Ibe scene of anrrr
recriminations between tha members of the Illaht
und Leu. M. Hosier anki'n leave to orcent a rtso
iutl'in censuring Hie Committee of Pardons for It
wsntol clemency toward the convicted Communists,
but the majority of ihe Assembly protested violently
at. unit tl e teceptlon of tbe document, and It wis
relumed to the mover.
1'Hlllng Hack on Ibe Coneiltnllon,
CoLiimu, S. C, Dec. 8. In the Ku-Klux
trials to-day. Potter, Chllders, Murphy, und Mont
gomery pltaded gulllv to conspiring to deprive Ihe
dt.tens ol their right to vote. They referred the
right or reading affidavits lu mitigation of punish
ment. Mr. btsnherry asked whether a prisoner
could be fried for an offence committed In March
atidcrarged on April SI, under fe Ku-Klux law,
pasted April l!0. Oilier points will be rsmed to
morrow lor certification to tbe Supreme Coort.
Trnnrasee l.rzlelnturr,
NainviLLt, Tciiii,, Dec. 8. Tho Senate baa
agreed to th House proposition to fix the rat ol
State tsxatton at forty cents. The pteseut rate I
(lata cents, which has barely paid the rxtenses or
tie Htate Ooveri inent, leaving tne interest on the
Mate bono unprovided fur. The privilege lax on
mercliaats h n ween redneo I by tue beuule, bill yet
to he aclod upon by the House.
nesion estr.it co vxrr.
IVputr ftborHI Illcn, of Morrlnla ssvs thit lti
asiein iu uf loiiu tlariln that ne il'leel leceiv. 1 111
n -t to arrest v aula te false lie addi that o did not
arrest hiui hccauia he lonld not fiat hlin,
M'.tllllN 1'ltOM 1IIK TeLI'MltAI'll.
Ti.e Kins-is Piclfla ltallroad Is deir from Kiinsis
Cltv to i hevenne.
Put)' convicts, Oen. (Ireenllnll among them, were
removed irom blue blng to A bum jesterday.
'l'e lllmnls Hotio nl I'npresrnt itlve lesterdsy
piised a bill givini; pouer to tho HnllCHl Statu llnrvrli.
riiut to ooudemu land In (.h.cazolor buildmu iiu
pMses
The Wllmln :ton Ci 'timhh and Aurusta Hallroa 1
h i e -n i oni'dcii d in i is' ti in lit a, H i nno nn and
niti 1 1 io. 1 1 w u I open a Hut- hetwten the North and
Boulli via Coluinhl i.
Iheatoimcr Fannie Hrandles, wllh D'lO biles of
c 'ton and n tew tvutscnaers. struck a iu ic nmr thu
litndot Island .No I'), on 'Ihttrs.inv n rhi, and sank t
bur holler dvexs. the boat aud eaigo will proie a total
Ui.
I ol. Illrkey'a C.illfornla Mustang mare Knle
Irniti'il IM miles over a vers lieavv irsea in 5'J inlnun-a
snn Ut ui tud-. 'n ean Kra 'Cisco on Frit sr. imifrr
li en I'lTi'ieii in ainr 11,000 Ibai stio eoiilj trot a-mm r
mile iii niedi stily, luslae ol t.ti, hut theiswerouu
(HAI IS.
xiur jeit.iKT.
Den a-e plentiful hear Vlnelaud,
Mr Claries s. Spencer will appear befor Gov
llandoiph to lay. and plead for tae lfle of Holts, tbe
murderer ol I'd Ha sled.
Yesterday n trrnoon and evening the friends ol
ex-tlorert or IVard, w ho has hioti anient tn i.tiroie
lui several luonihi, teu inud hlin a iici'pllou lu New
ark, Thu Ho'.ioken Turtle Club list night elected Ju.
I. Miller. I'reiiileni Alexsnler Kizli'ion lit Vice i
W lutein Fowler Inl Vice i A. 1. Astimau, Treaiuiurt
II N Moll and llartli llogart, btewards,
Hannah Anthony, the tolored woman Union bv
an eaitward boil, d cxoreis train In Palcrion mi Ihiirs.
da niurnltig. dted daring ihe aiternon Biii waino
yesrsof age. The isine train killed l.oun Htreitn aler.
a (lenuau, near the I'alsrsou depot, III wai II yesrs
ol ag
T, h. Alexander, a New York lawyer, was burled
In Ni wnrk leniiTitsv Ihe pell bearers weiwThotuas
1 Kiniii'j I'orlnntl Par er. V ll Ktiee, dsmea
I! "avre, renniiizinn iviiiteiieal Jcreimaii 1 Garth
wai.e, Judue pun. J l.or'mi i (Iraiiam, II. il
1 hroop ami ei t-ontot Jamos W. Wall
Two Gt'rinitis, Fienhtnafeld aud Koch, nnlnten
ti.inui y eiJ.4i!t,,-l uii'i si itn-i weie li-niins siun
1 ard saloon in N vv irk Kith inuii'l mine i spins in
wli'l In' itlnpini'it tn hi- in colli poimt. and li ug
I mill Into Ihe H:il Fii'lllllll b id tail thai Hie paln-is
win-an aupiii aiiou lor a hci'iue and toutmued I'iJ,
lie lias turd to i icm i r
One ol Hie suits niiaiiisl tho K,-e Hall wai Cnntpaiiv
for uvcriliarzis tin in"n de.-nli'd asaiuit the I'onipanr
t v it.e -unrrnie Ci'iiri ol New deiiey. '1 ne uiner fanr
uits nave he-en reietreu lo s Maner in t'aapeery to
fli'lnrinine the nnioulil of damagi-a. Ono huiidrint iind
t, y i -in' n.iciu t. i suits sie to bo Prvuiibi at law aexl
nualoli of the CUIUlt UUII,
THE JAMlS riiYING TRIAL.
COXSCll'.XTIOVS ,t I'll YM fJ.V .ITA X'DISO H
of r i on as ixxovnxT max. M
The .tnry lllsi'hsirtrd) lirltitr lfnnhlr ta PboIH
Asrrp .liter nn Ahnenrr Irnm (lourt of KJlfBiH
t'liur llniirn-.lury Tm to Tvm. IH
Tho trial of Jaim-a Irvlnj upon tl.o chare of H
preventing Depnty Marshal llowley fiom arresting H
On en Gcoghegin waa concluded yesterday, The H
only witnesses examined were James Keenan, Cur H
III lurner, and Airon F. Young, who were called f
by the defence. Their leillmnny rotroborated that IH
of the day previoui t'ist Irving wine a llg t cost, H
and look no part In the afftay. Marshal Hhsrp H
went on the stand, bnt was not allowed tn testify J
becinst h had listened lo Ibe evidence throughout H
e
Hi Jtid;e FtPetlcn fummetl np for the defence, H
and ex Judge P eneiotit pirsented the c.i-e to Hi
Jury ft r the proieculloi. Jaitt Benedict then de
llverrd hi charge, and the Jury retired.
The Jury, at five mliiutct past S o'clock, ram H
Into the court room, and on belnz called and asktd H
whether I hey hsd scried, the fort'tum replied lav H
the JH
Judge llenedlct said that they had better rsllr i H
again, and In case they sajreed before 10 o'clock, he H
wonld come lo receive their verdict but he would
come back to the court room at ll) o'elo'k, whether
he wai sent for or not.
The Jury were abienl four hours, during whlcb H
time Mr, Irving was comnillled to the custody ol
Deputy Matihal Purvis. The concourie In th H
court room wa occasionally Increased by th frlendi IJfl
of the aecusctl who anxiously awaited th result. HH
Judge Drnedlct appeared on the bt neb at 10 P. M H
and tbe Jury were called to thslr boa. Commit- H
lloncr Shields Inquired H tbey had acreed, fH
Foreman iVe nave not. H
Jndte llsnedlct. Is tacre any probability of your njjSH
agreeing H
Foreman Not th llghtst. jjjH
Judge llenedlct I will keep you longer together, jjjjjH
getiilemen, 11 you think you ran agree. H
Fifth Juror There la nn prosptct of our coming IjH
to any agreement. Our opinions art fixed. IjSljSH
Asslsianl District Attorney l"uid) I will consent H
that the Jury be discharged under the circumstances. IJH
Mr, bpenoer w e do not tsk that. We shsll Isave II H
to the Court. I jjH
Judge Dtntdlct The Issue Is tlrapte, anJ a ver- H
diet Mould save the expenie ol another trial, lilt jjSjjSH
ai you cannot agree, you are diicbarge I, H
Al this point Mr opencer asked one of tbs Jury- H
men how they Hood, but lit declined to antwer. jjSjjSV
Another geutleman asserted that nine of the Jury- H
men were for conviction and three lor acquittal- H
but the officers In charge of the l.uurt said (hat the jjSH
Jury stood ten to two tbe latter being Mr, Gage H
and Mr, Dontlas. fH
Mr Mienccr then exclaimed, Well, thank God B
tbev have Hood out, for Irving Is Innocent." H
Mr. Irving btlt,g Hill on ball, lelt the Court with
hi-frlein'i, It Is laid that tl.o Dlilnct Attorney In- LH
tends lo try Dim again. H
While In Iho custody ot Deputy Marshil Porvit jjH
Irviuz said, I have a high respect lor Ju l;e Hone- H
diet. I huve n-'ViT heard a lalrer charge than be jH
madt'tn my case." H
.ii;. n citoii jx iiAitxu.ws mioir. iH
Tbr Z-iophlllnt Pny, n Vlall In thr WIU
llr.inta-lliit br -tor not Put Hie llyrna
or Put hi llend lu the l.lou' "lloulb.
On Thursday Mr. llcrtili visited the ahow at
the Hluk, Der,h and llarnum have met before, and
fierce hava been the battles between them, llarnum
would Insist on feeding hi reptiles upon III idzeoua
and rabbits, and llcrgh vowed be should not. llergh
had Tut bt'.i to back him, and won, but llarnum
sent his ret tiles over to N iw Jersey, and thero led
them as he pleated, Th humanitarian had not
got two yards rreiondthe entrince belora he wai
spotted, and offers of reserved seals were made
by on of the offlclals; but Mr. Hergh had' fl
paid bit half-dullar aud was In lejendcnt. All the
live animals were visited and their ci:es Inspected. IH
The great African eland was found In a snt.ul rara-
vap without room tu turn around, and the sacred 1
Uurirese bnh wai In a lilm pre. tinmen'. The royal 1
Abissluliu lions, the Bjuth African tlgrri and len- 1
patda, war found belter located su I they appeared rH
oulte coutenled. A fierce ipotted hjena silt acted
.Mr. Ilergn s attention, lie was chained iiown with- 1
in eight Inches ol the floor of his cue Iu Ihe next
c..mp..rlmnl wan n heiulifullr u-irked leupard and LH
tl.o hyena Had torn noun a portion of the
wooden pail" inns to unable blm lo scrapa an aaaaaafl
srquaitiliiiiii witti his nci.-hbor. l.on; nails hid
tii-en drive-i throii-h the pirutlim tn keep off th
hieua Mr Il. r.h rcqae-ted that the bain mignt
be lenglheuod su as to allow the beast to stand tip-
tiit. H upiit.ir. il Hut tno nminal aometinios got
ugiy, and was then chained down, ihe ant eater
and the happy family were next Inspected, and ijl
their treatment and lodzin.i were approved of,
Alinzrthir, Mr. llergh ihotiznl Iho anliii.il wire
well cared for. though cohlloed la suia.ler cage
linn were n.elliil.
The iliiuawn alio vi-lted. and n bare-back LaaaaH
rider nearly ciuih to crlel mr u-l i.iz his liorse,
a solciii'H gray, over the nine vviih tn-hull of hi
whip. He had a Utile bov In his ariii', lour year
old, a pour lull main of what apuesred to Hie spuo-
tatur flexible In lis ruobvr by the, manner In whlcb IH
he was twisted about. 1'iils rider Mill be watobed, EH
and If he treats his nag in tha lime manner that aaaaaH
part of tne performance will be abruptly closed,
an I tno noble i qneatrian will he hauled off soma
cold night In his llnshlnga and lodzed In the York-
vil e Ic cellar Tbe cider press dogs htlonglug to HLaH
Walksr wsre alio vu.tsd, and appeared In good coo-
dillon.
eoxo isi.Axit.
Adam Hatter, emploted on the South !ld Rill
rod who wa Injured on Ibnrsdav hr heinz run over
oy oue of tn caia die I j ealerday from loia ot blood.
cvmosiTiKs or c it i.ite.
In a auarrel last evening between Jacob KsrwaUt,
of 31 Attorney strret, and a leilow w, raman. Jao, fJjTfJfJjT
wai iinldiod In tho right side, aud sirlouiiy injured. laaaaaal
Noaireat,
Frllx Mnrpby, aged IT years, was betote Justice
Cox )iteiday lor stialinc S 1-0 In in the sale iu the lavH
office of the liuttedgc liouic, llruadway, w hero ue waa
cmpioved si hall boy.
The rnnnii l of John Fretlle, convicted before It.
rorder llataett, ou TMirsdav, or higtiway rohNirv in HoH
It e first ii gr e, snd sent to etna i-ii.ii for M leim, snld aaaaM
at tae time nt the trial ih it he I'ould ahow that Fretil MM
had attendaa nlnht school during tne ei tire winter. LavH
V e'trrday be hr'iuht the crinc ial of the sehooi wa en rl
1'iuiiin nllended, and an niiisinni leai-i"r nui! hoth
liia Hied tuat no had boiu overr ntgnl a rrgul-ir attend
am at tin' ii hool On lui gioiind a im.t on f ir Hhuw
titsi wai uioile, and Ibe Itecurdsr said lie would thiu
SH
joiTixan a non i o H'.v.
The tirntisaa .UJiiu is a number uf uncquutlo-d (riafl
sploudoi. wS
Jstnea Downln;, a jnung man, dloj letknll) In HlS
lltlievu Hospital Irom driuk,
MrComn's Dun brlltrn Is (o be itrmsucully
ot cned to the driving puulio n.diy,
Ihe Itehraw fe.tt of CCau 'ika! nr Maccaibeea
beg in lau night ano ronttnne etibt d)i
lllstmo Poller mil institute tho Itov. Wl'llam M,
Dtnin-ll as lertor ol All Hi nu' fhu-uh to pv-i.row,
1 1 onus It VcHeriniiit of OKI Went iVnlli a'reet, VI
i Jure i on the l.izuiit an nut Hiilinad ou ov vfl.dltd Hll
o.ii i I iv Hl
San. tie1 J Anderson, of M'.l Uro-idwsr, nllinnpli'l
s 'trt in l.iit eieulue nv rnitit z lui ihrout and left Lll
th'ah Willi a ratiC- Hi' wil. ii-ruvei
Jn' n 1) mlfV, line I II. of Ml Wnat rlftr Di-sl
strioi, fell off ihn riivv ird n mini tratQOIthell.lt.lt,
ad w aa ki.li t, ut 1' uriv -ii-eoiid slrnst.
Ahrnl nm It.incho, a.en til of Hridgepnri, Maine,
seauisii on ihu hriz i.mlli dial at situ few davi -uo Hl
ol i.pliold tour. IIU holy wai brought to lull cuy IW
lot burial. 31
Hi" ry K W Hill ims. of It West Slxlernt'i sta-emi,
was run over ta I even na and f.t ali I Juriv-1 liy a
Itr .a iwa) liilli iad ar it 8itteiiuth stroei aud Untou
Mr l. II Fi-ilows sao Mr. M. A, .1. I, inch Is not
theluanwiioutlittiillotiiKe l'ie lot I.i Foru rtflh Itnret DJH
fiirblm. Ino putiii at tns real en ito Ilnu of t'ox
llr ii R 'h an- tie
Thu I utility Ati lltoi's buieiii, vihio'i sans tlnat
a.o ha I Cfi) nniui- nn iti iay roll li is onli e'A'ht now,
Hil'l as the titlliu la van! In h i melcii, It l poilIXe that
the Logislaitire ma a'ioI ih ll.
'Ihe Filth Winl James O'llrten Ansnclillnn I til
r la tit ili-ilel .1 in t. lioli. I'rtiideiu John (loa
noil, Vie I'reni'iinii HiwauI J Hli e d and Potor
loiulio, bci-rel irlul C, ll.'lurktr, lieasuror
The Nitvv YorA liili Church Kxiension and kM. RH
slnnary H'-eietv or t'to M. K. Cliuicti hav ro'leoimd la
aln of me r worn I'lOtsi l-.iiti 8i. I'aiiI'i l.voiiumHi, Om
l.uki' s, I ISA) fiom W aililntlou squaie. sad luJOIroia
bi James a. n
C niptroller Green hss asked Ihe h.ids of depart- y
mints to lurnl'h a deistled eiiliuale o! the sums re yfit
quire 'or nmi icar, giving mo mints tnd leildeao Yjj
of ail employees, ana a reierenoe to the law or oriU- rYV
uance denning their dunca or hi ox their salaries. 'Ay,
Yralerdry Ihe great Catholic fovit of Ihe luimae-n. Wj
late Coaceullon ol the llleaied Virtln Mary wai cele- VV'
iiraied in ih s city HUh manes were sung In all il.e WA-
churi iiM, an I the aliari war luihted wlin pyrtmldat Vfr
lapois and brauluuliy iteeuiiind w.iti duwera The yv.
Ieat Ii t b celsbratod la at. I'a.er'i, U irclay slr-ot, AS,
to inoirovv. (7
l ue iiienitiers of Ins Oriental Club tin their r- Kv
union io r.itl.l i.'onildora'.ile inier it m lonnl Vnte i in Vj
llm tunic of iilU'mdi iit'tvveeii L'irllie Hh n, c iiiniiioo Kv
olAiiiiricn ah i Maurice Haii. winch win comuieure rA
.1, .ul i n vi nk Jaiuci SuIIIva.i, K. It S.wh- itr- V.
nistiea the nipper, wai nn to ins wa it in iliinls ls r,'j
evenn' si Ihe Knlion Market, upe ilng Kail llivera, Cl,
saddle ItncAB, Itlur I. inu,Mir wsnur s t ne.rv HeAi-is. w
ll'iliiiiini u and Virgin a oisuirs ivu-r win hive lei 4v
anihuliiuce culpa luitaJnu.i to coovci gueoiii him yjti
i hon I II o'clock, Jf
A Ilnu-siiold SVord I- Hefurnii't an I It qipjulalt, W
tl It. D. Uai,ford'i, (yvoper luii'ime d.Ji BK