Amusements. etc. &his Evemng.
4

Acapemy oF Musio.—Italisn Opera: “La
Traviste® Mille. Nilson.
AcApEMY OF Music, Brooklyn.—“ Macbeth.”
Miss Cushman.
Boors's TuraTER—"“Dot,” Owens.
FIFTH AVENUE Ly Divorces.”
Granp Orera H —*“Eiloen Ogo.” The
Lina Epwin's THEATER.—Opera Bouffe: Flour
do-The” Mlle Aimee.
N1BLO’S GARDEN.—* Our American Cousin.” Soth
“OLrnrrc THEATER.—* Humpty Dumpty.” Fox.
Stapr THEATER. —German Opera: “Les
Huguenote.” Wachtel
SteinwaY HavrL.—Leoture: “Nice Young
Mea" Mim Olive Logis.
ST. JAMES THEATER.~QOperetta Troupe.
UNION SQUARE THEATER.—Variety Company.
WALLACK'S THEATER.—* A Nice Firm,” and “The
Critie" Charles Mathews.
LeAvVITTS ART RooMS, No. 817 Broadway. Last
week of Dubafe’s Prodigal Son.”
New-York Circus, Fourteenth-st., between Third
and Pourth-aves.
SAX FRANCISCO MinsTRELS.—Birch, Wambold, eto.
Business Notices.
STRINWAY Sons’
GRAND, SQUARE, AND UPRIGHT PIANOS
were awarded the
FRET GRAND GOLD MEDAL
World's Pair, Paris, 1867, aad Loudon, 1882.
Tas STEINWAY P1ano0s sre universally conceded to be
THE LEADING FIRST-CLASS PIAXO
row before the public. These instruments are preferred to all others by
the most celebrated They are used by all the concert
troupes whenever attaiuable. They have a truly W repute
tion, being large! exported wo Burope, snd aH arisof the divilind world,
Jud di} See sought to be imitated by nearly all American snd Buropean
ors.
BTRINWAY S0NS8' MAMMOTH MANUFACTORY
ix the most ectly and extensive esteblishment of its kind In
the world. ‘I'he published Bavesto tebaras having frend
that the of thelr pearly sales exceed those of tbe lorgest
yrano-makers of combined.
Srminway Sone eal) special attention to their
NEW PATENT UPRIGHT PIANOS
with doable Iron frame, Patent Resopator and Tubalar Frame action,
which are matchless wa volume and gualily of fone. and
Jacility of action, while SHE longs in tane and being more im
Sutts atmospheric influences aby other piano et present Wann fiac
EVERY PIANO WARRANTED FOR FIVE YEARS.
Prices as low ss the exclusive use of the best materials and most thor
ough workmanship will permit. OM Planos taken in exchange, and illas
trated catalogues, with price ls. shailed fre on n
Nxw-Yorx
Toxzs, MeLvaiN Co,
MamEN-LANE.
LEATHER GOODS,
Prox Viexwa, Lowpen, Axp Paris
MARBLE MANTELS, MONUMENTS, FLOOR
Ting, ke. ~He¥nt Parry, Manufacturer and WArerooms,
285.290 Pourth-ave. Bioam Marble Works. 131, 123, 135 Bast 234-t.
“Tug WILSON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.—
The best and cheapest first-class machines in the world! Price, from
$45 to $100; easy payments. BSalesroom, 707 Broadway.
“PORTA BLE Ww INDOW VENTILATOR, E'S
PATENT. Fresh air; po dish; fits any window. Price, $5 for
circular. Unpxmuirt Co., 96 Duape-st, N. Y.
“Has PAID $1,602,832 IN BENEFITS TO POLICY
HoLpura —TrAvaLERS Lawn ano AcoipryT I NsuraNcE Co.
“FOR A warm, cosy room in Winter, nse Roe
pecs Wearumx Sruien. 8 Fulton, pear CHE

BRILLIANT WHITE TEETH, how lovely! Thurs
ton's Tooth Powder, used dally, will make them so. Bol by druggists, &e.
“Woop CARPETING. PARQUET FLOOKS. 480
Broadway. An American invention, elegans, durable, and economical
ARTIFICIALITIES—PALMER LIMBS.
678 Broadway, N. Y.; 1.6080 Chestant-st.. Phila.; 31 Green st, Boston.
TERMS OF THE TRIBUNE.
Dany TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $10 per annum.
SeMi-WEEKLY Lg om Mail S8ubseribers, $4 per an.
WekkLy TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $2 per annum.
Advertising Rates.
Day TRIBUNE, 30c., 40¢., 50c., T¢., and $1 per line.
feMi-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, 5 and 50 cents per line.
WEEKLY TRIBUNE, $2, $3, and $5 per line,
According to position in the paper.
Terms, cash in advance.
Address. THE TRIBUNE. New-York.
Tre WEEKLY TRIBUNE will be ready this
nersing at 8 o'clock, in wrappers for mailing. oe 5
oen
New Work Daily Tribune.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1871.
Count von Beust, the Anstrian Premier, has resigned
bis successor will probably be Herr von Lonyay.
A system of free schools and compulsory education will
shortly be establiabed in the Department of the Seine
France. Baron Boillean has been appointed Minister to
Washington. Algiers is tranquil. e=== A riot has
occurred in Dublin, A colored womap in Hayti is
charged with killing and esting 96 children.
The Republicans have elected their New-York State
ticket, and have a majority in both branches of the
Legislature. Parker, Demoorat, is elected Gov
ernor in New-Jersey, but the Legislature is Republican.
The usual Democratic majority in Maryland has
been reduced. Massachusetts elects Washburn
(Rep.) Governor by an increased majority. Both
Republican Congressmen are elected in Illinois.
The Governor and Legislature of Wisconsin are Repub
lican, The Conservatives are holding their own in
Virginia.
The election passed off without serious disturbance,
and resulted in a triumph for Reform, Peter B,
Sweeny has resigned his office as Commissioner of Pub
lic Parka. Assemblyman James [rving was arrested
for fraudulent voting. Thermometer, 66°. 74°, 60°.
Where is that 30,000 majority which Tweed
paid he must have this year?! Echo answers,
Where
Now let us see the Democrats try to count
out Horatio N. Twombly again! They'll find
his majority too serious to trifle with, and an
adverse majority in the Legislature in the
aama mond
The Colorado colonies continue to justify
their early promise of success. A letter from
a correspondent of Tne TRIBUNE is herewith
published giving an account of what he saw
and heard during a late visit to the Chicago
Colony, which seems not only flourishing, but
in a condition of assured prosperity.
The Times having seen fit to make a brutal
attack on Mr. A. T. Stewart for not closing
bis store yesterday, we have made inquiry
and ascertained that Mr. Stewart instructed
every voter in his employment to take ample
time to exercise his Right of Suffrage, and
then, if he could do anything furtber toward
righting the wrongs of this most abused and
misgoverned City, to take all the time required
for that also. If Mr. Stewart had closed his
store, hundreds who are not voters—many of
them women—must have been compelled to
lose their time or be paid for doing nothing.
The interesting details of the effect which
the loss of the Arctic whaling fleet has had
in New-Bedford, published on the third page
of Tue TRIBUNE to-day, show that that thrifty
port is not at all dismayed by a catastrophe
which has destroyed twenty-one of its fleet.
So great a marine disaster bas never at ope
time befallen this country, and, though smaller
seaports have sometimes suffered severe loss
in the destruction of a portion of a fishing
fleet, not one has ever experienced sych.s
blow as this. It is gratifying to learn that
something of the cheery and buoyant spirit of
Chicago pervades the people of New-Bedford.
The much-vaunted agreement between the
Lords and the English workingmen has been
gradually pared down until we have only the
pitaful remainder of the memorandum of the
Lords, republished in, our columns from Ths
London Times. From this it appears that the
representatives of the Conservati¥es never
agreed to do anything mare than have a gen
eral and patriarchal oversight of thé welfare
of the laboring men, as they understeod it.
They expressly declared themselves in favor
of legislation for all classes, and were not
ready to pledge themselves to any special leg
ielation whatever. The reported compact has
looked like an impossibility from the first, and
its final explosion will surprise nope, probably,
but those newspapers which have made so
much sensational capital of a trivial affair.
The resignation by Mr. Peter B. Sweeny of
the office of Commissioner of Public Parks is a
formal acknowledgment of his private opinion
that the present is a good time to leave the
Tammany Ring. Defeat and disaster have
overtaken the once prosperous and haughty
organization, and Mr. Sweeny, with commend
able circumspeetion, gets out of the way. The
retiring Commissioner confesses that he has
stayed in the office latterly for the sake of
securing the success of the Democratic party
and its candidates. The appearance are that
that party has not of late been helped to
much success by anybody in office, or out
of it.
Our Regular Correspondence from both Lon
don and Paris, this morning discourses of lit
erary topics; and the peculiar branches treated
of are specially unpleasant. In London, the
newspapers are quarreling about “copy
“right and copy wrong;” and in Paris, the
politicians and soldiers are all by the ears
together over a new order from the War Min
ister, which is designed to curtail the great
volume of correspondence relating to late mil
itary ovents in France. It will he seen that
the war literature of France very much re
sembles that of our own country during a
certain period, when it referred “only to
personal questions.”
We have carried the City of New-York for
Franz Sigel by at least 25,000 majority; have
defeated every Tammany candidate for Sen
ator save Wm. M. Tweed, and have reduced
the Democratic majority on the State ticket
from 62,000 to (probably) 28,000. In the
State the result is not at this hour (4 a. m.)
sufficiently clear to warrant a very
positive statement but the returns from
all quarters are most cheering. We can safely
‘estimate the Republican majority in the
State at 10,000; it is possible that New
York is redeemed by a majority even
larger than this. The Senate has 20 Re
publicans to 9 Democrats and 8 doubtful.
In the Assembly there will be 88 Republi
cans to 40 Democrats, and in these last are
included the Reform Democrats. Tammany
elects only 6 of the 21 Assemblymen from this
city. Brooklyn bas disappointed the expec
tations of her best friends, and has failed to
elect an anti-Ring candidate for Mayor.
Mr. Walsh appears to have been beaten for
Governor of New-Jersey mainly by a de
fection in his own City of Newark. The
cause or causes of that defection are not ap
parent, but it was of such magnitude as, in
itself, to wipe out the whole of the Republican
majority, last year, in the State. Parker's
‘majority is between 8,000 and 4,000. We yet
have the Senate, but the Assembly isin doubt
at this writing.
OLp MassacruseTTs went strongly Republi
can yesterday, as usual. Mr. Washburn seems
to have proved a very satisfactory candidate
for Governor. He carries the State by a ma
jority over all of 15,000 to 20,000, and a plu
rality of 25,000 to 30,000. Out of the 240 mem
bers of the House, the Democrats have only
64, and in the 40 Senators they have but 4.
The Council and all other State officers are
Republican.
Maryland still clings to Democracy of
Bourbon pattern; she is opposed to all New
Departures. Her Republican vote, however,
is steadily increasing. We have gained sev
eral Senators; and one-fourth of the House of
Delegates is Republican, which is an enor
mous gain.
Illinois goes heavily Republican, the Con
gressman at Large getting about 80,000 major
ity; and in Chicago the Fire Proof ticket headed
by Joseph Medill is elected by 10,000.
Wisconsin gives us about 10,000 majority,
and both branches of the Legislature. Min
nesota promises an increased majority.
THE PEOPLE'S VERDICT.
The People of this City and State, in their
election of yesterday, proclaimed their adhe
sion to the Divine mandate thundered from
Sinai—"“ THOU S8HALT NOT STEAL!” This is the
meaning, this the moral of the verdict, which
had very little reference to party politics. Re
construction~Ku-Klux outrages—Protection—
Civil Service Reform—the next Presidential
contest—each and all are well in their way;
but the People of our State thought little
and those of our City nothing at all of them.
They were moved to unwonted energy and
activity by conclusive evidence of corruption,
rascality, and robbery, perpetrated by a
portion of their rulers. The plun
derers and their accomplices were not
all of one party, but the more oon
spicuous and powerful among them .were
80; and the People struck at these as their
readiest and surest means of rebuking, arrest
ing, and punishing, the crimes which were
sapping the foundations of republican free
dom. They could not readily strike all those
who had abused their confidence: so they
dealt decisively with the worst offenders, and
regefved the rest for the next opportunity.
That is the gist of the matter.
If the result shall seem less than a complete
Republican triumph, it is so only because the
Keptblicsns in some instances presented can
didates who were popularly identified with
the frauds and robberies of the Tammany
Ring, or with others hardly less nefarious.
Had all our candidates been free from that
contamination, the State would have
been swept fron. Montauk to Lake
Erie with a pusifying sarnade which would
have lef no trace of Democratic ascendency
within its reach. Had no man suspected of
earning. stolen money by daing.the bidding of
Tweed been a Republican candidate for any
VICTORY.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1871
office, there could have been no room for cavil
as to the completeness of the victory.
Let the full meaning of this verdict be re
alized. The People of New-York have not
pronounced against Democratic thieves, only,
but against all thieves. They have decided
that there shall be a speedy end of all pur
chase and sale of legislation, of all jobbery
and corruption in office, of all Rings” for the
promotion of personal interests and mercenary
schemes at the expense of the public good.
It means that there shall speedily be
inaugurated a new era of uprightness in gov
ernment and of frugality in administration.
It means that there shall henceforth be dimin
ished expenditures, reduced taxes, and steadily
decreasing public debts. It means that pecu
lators and plunderers, whether of high or low
degree, whether of this party or of that, shall
be exposed, prosecuted, and subjected to con
dign punishment. Woe to that party which
shall fail to comprehend and heed the lesson
The battle that ended last night was only
the first movement in a campaign which must
be long and severe. A system of wrong forti
fied by years of impunity, supplied with un
limited money, and defended by a hundred
thousand desperate and devoted men, cannot
be overthrown in a single effort. If we had
carried, yesterday, every election district in
the State our task would still have been only
begun. Corruption has invaded every depart
ment of the Government. Mere vulgar theft
and forgery have flourished more io this city
than elsewhere; but the taint of fraud
is on every office, from the Governor's
down to the petty constable’s. The scnse of
official honor has been almost lost under a
rule of roguery which permits reputable gen
tlemen to profit by fraudulent elections, and
miscounts them into power side by side with
bar-room strikers and ruffians of the Sixth
Ward. When the highest State officers are
controlled by common swindlers like Tweed,
the Legislature bought and sold like herd
of cattle, the courts prostituted to the uses of
gamblers, debauchees, and freebooters of the
stock-market, robbery unchecked in all the
municipal departments, and the suffrage
practically withheld from honest voters, it is
plain that we must have a hard fight before a
thorough reform can be established. We
have made a splendid start; but we have
done no more. We have roused the public
conscience. We have brought into the field a
class of citizens who have never interfered in
politics before. We have opened the eyes of
respectable people to the danger which has
‘been incurred through their neglect of politi
cal duties. We have forced our conventions
to nominate, in the average, a better class of
candidates than we are used to, though to this
there have been some shameful exceptions.
Aud if we can keep alive the wholesome ex
citement, there need be no fear of our future.
The attempt to put honest men into office
being now over, we must go back with re
doubled energy to the work of exposing and
punishing the guilty. Tweed, Garvey, Inger
soll, Woodward, Connolly, Hall, Fielk: Genet,
are still unwhipped of justice. PushShe pros
ecutions against them without mercy. Drag
their shameful secrets to the light. Recover
whatever can be reached of their plunder; but
above all things show that the law is no re
specter of persons, and that Tammany cannot
save a thief from jail. We may forget the
shame of William M. Tweed’s reélection
to the Senate when we see him ar
raigned at the bar for a felony, and
bear our heavy debt with cheerfulness for
the sake of the moral lesson taught by send
ing a few official swindlers to Sing Sing.
This for the present is the great popular
issue. Party politics must be forgotten in the
union of all honest men to demand justice.
Before the Legislature, before the courts, in
the newspapers, in the clubs, in all the centers
of public opinion, let us press this duty of the
day. At the next election we shall find our
strength multiplied, and weak-kneed reformers
will have courage enough to discard the mis
chievous help of such agents as O'Brien. So
then, take heart. honest citizens; the good
cause prospers; victory beckons us forward;
the fight goes on!
An added gravity 18 given to the crisis in
the Austrian Cabinet which was sufficiently
grave before by the resignation of Count
Beust, which is reported this morning. It ia
an event of great importance, not only in its
personal bearing, but because it indicates an
ominous degree of vacillation in the intimate
Imperial councils. When the Hohenwart Min
istry resigned, it was taken as a proof that
the Emperor's confidence in the Chancellor
was unshaken, and the designation of Herr
von Kellersperg as the head of the new Cis
Leithan Ministry was in keeping with that
view. If the Presse of Vienna is to be be
lieved, the Premier's resignation was not volun
tary. It was an intimation from the Emperor
himself which caused the Count to remember
that the state of his health demanded absolute
repose. It must have required very powerful
palace influences to induce the Emperor to
venture upon this dangerous experiment at
this time.
The immediate occasion of the crisis was of
a trivial character. The students of the Univer
gity at the installation of the Rector Magnificus,
a few weeks ago, hissed and shouted pereat at
‘the Czech Minister of Public Instruction, by
way of showing their emphatic German patriot
‘ism. This would not have been so bad if they
‘had not taken it into their blonde heads on the
‘same occasion to shout equally classic and
inconsiderate vivats at Count Beust in acknowl
edgment of his pure Saxon blood. Even the
gravest statesmen find it more agreeable to be
cheered than hissed, so that it is not so re
markable that the Federalist Cabinet left the
‘Hall, and Count Beust lingered behind, savor
ing the incense of the applauding Burschen
pchaft. This was made cause of serious
complaint against him to the Emperor. But
it was positively reported that His Majesty
had stood resolutely by his Chancellor, and
had permitted the Hohenwart Ministry to re
sign a power which it was evident eould not
much longer be sustained against the active
and growing hostility of the German party.
This trifling incident was only the pretext of
the crisis. The Centralist and Separatist par
ties, now in full hostility in every department
of the Government, have no apparént common
ground for compromise or eonciliation. The
German party demand the exact observance
of the Constitution, the supremacy of the Im
jesiad Diao, the dual governments of
ungary and Austria; while r
band the leaders of the alge
which are embraced under
scepter claim full autonomy for their
4
mre WAR (COES ON.
THE CRISIS IN AUSTRIA.
several provinces, and refuse to enter ihe
Vienny Assembly until their demands are con
plied with. The Czechs insist upon it that
there shall be s kingdom of Bohemia entirely
independent of German dictation. The Poles
claim almost absolute independence for, Gal
icin. The! sceds of revolt are beginning to
germinate in every one of the seventeen dif
ferent provimees which were welded together
to form the Empire of Austria. The Czechish
demand is by no means so simple gnd reason
able as that of Hungary, The Magyars were
a strong and homogeneous people, and when
their autonomy was granted by Austria it
seemed as if both countries were benefited by
the change. The Hungarimns got their free
dom and the Empire gained a strong and
energetio coadjutor in place of a discontented
and mutinous vassal. But in the Slavonic
regions which are now wrangling for their
independence there is a large minority of
Germans, amounting to two-fifths of the pop
ulation, who bave some right to insist that
they shall not be given up to the mercy of an
alien and hostile nationality.
On the other hand the German party are by
no means gentle and conciliatory in their
bearing toward their unsatisfied Slavonic
brethren. The conduct of the boys at the
University is to a great extent characteristic
of the entire German population. They feel
they are the better race, more intelligent,
more civilized, better educated, better
fitted to govern than the Czechs and
Poles. They will not see that in the weak
ness of human nature in the Nineteenth Cen
tury, it is not possible to expect that any
people should consent to be ruled better than
they can do it themselves.
It is not probable that the Kellersperg min
istry is destined to succeed in solving the
problem which Herbst and Giskra, in one
direction, Potocki and Hohenwart in the
other, have attempted and failed. If it be
true that the reactionary influences of the
palace, and especially the wife and mother of
the Emperor, have succeeded at last in eradi
cating from the Government those liberal ten
dencies which found their embodiment in the
Protestant Chancellor, the event may prove
scarcely less disastrous than the defeat of
Sadowa.
Japanese papers of the last date give us the
other side of the Corean diflicalty, which it is
worth while to look at impartially, “The
“object of the American expedition,” says the
North China Herald, (Shanghai), was prima
“rily nothing more than a peaceful negotia
tion of some arrangement for the rescue and
protection of shipwrecked seamen.” The
Japan Gazette doubts, very reasonably,
whether this be true. It asserts that the gen
eral belief among both foreigners and natives
on the coast is that the real object was the
forcible opening of Corean ports, for which
purpose the loss of the crew of the Sherman
was only a pretext. It is a notorious fact, say
the Japanese journals, that the crew of the
Sherman, like that of the North Ger
man steamer Chusan, went ashore for
the purpose of robbing the graves of the
valuable stuffs and jewelry which the Coreans
bury with their dead, and met a not un
deserved death at the hands of the natives.
The Wachusetts commander did not wait for
any reply to his letter of inquiry con?
cerning the outrage, and the attack upon
the forts by the American squadron was made
without any proper effort by either Admiral or
Minister to communicate with the Corean
Government. Surely,” says the Gazette, “in a
great affair of state, a matter affecting the
future relations of all countries with Corea,
“a couple of days was not much to give before
the commencement of hostilities.” The reply
of the Coreans to the Wachusetts, which ar
rived too late, but is now published, is intel
ligent, courteous, and clear, and shows that
the Government who dictates it is capable of
approach by some more civilized argument
than brute force.
The same Japanese papers contain an ge
count of a similar investigation to that of de
Wachusetts conducted by H. B. M. 8. Ring
dove, in search of the three Europeans sus
pected of having been captured and murdered
by the Coreans. The Ringdove, pursuing a
different policy from the Wachusetts, and,
using the word before the blow, brought the
matter to a much more satisfactory conclu
‘sion. The three men were proved to have
hired a Chinese junk at Chefoo for thefpur
‘pose of saving what they could from the
“wreck of the N. G. 8. Chusan. On reaching the
Northern Island of Corea a Mandarin came on
board the junk, and requested that the
Chinese who had been saved from the wreck
by the Coreans might be taken back to Chefoo.
Two of the Europeans went ashore to see
these shipwrecked men, and in their absence
the Chinese crew made off with the junk,
threw the remaining European overboard, and,
returning to Chefoo, reported all three mur
dered by the Coreans. The Ringdove found
the wrecked Chinese and the two Europeans
still with the Coreans, by whom they had
been most kindly and hospitably treated.
The Nagasaki Gazette points out the suggestive
contrast between the success of this expedi
tion and the virtual defeat of the Americans,
by whom not one real advantage was
gained. The Yokohama Gazette, while it
admits the advantage, and it may be necessity,
of opening the Corea, and of a treaty of com
merce and amity, urges the propriety of send
ing men to represent the civilized nation who
will use civilized modes of dealing with a
peaceable people; who “will not only have
“force to resist unprovoked attack, but ability
“to deal with the prejudices of an alien Gov
ernment firmness of purpose and temperance
“of demeanor; patience to bear with inevita
“ble procrastination.” In a word, that in
dealing with a heathen race the Christian
people shall not prove themselves the lees
Christian of the two.
We most heartily congratulate the State on
the election of the Hon. WiLLiAM H. RoBerT
BON to the Senate from the IXth District,
composed of Westchester, Putnam, and Rock
land Counties. Two years ago, William
Cauldwell (Dem.) was reélected by 2274
majority, carrying each and every County,
Now, he is beaten by a majority nearly if
not quite as large, carrying only Rockland
County (perhaps). Judge Robertson has
already served acceptably in Assembly and
Senate; also as County Judge and Representa
tive in Congress. No other resident of that
district could have polled so large a vote,
The moral is evident and excellent: If you
want to elect your candidates, nominate such
as the people know and trust!
SOUTHERN GRIEVANCES.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Bm: I am a Confederate soldior, I am well
btonvtneed that Blavery was an evil, and was well dealt
with by Aboliglon. I also believe (hat the negro should
THE OTHER BIDE.
be kindly snd compassionately, ag well as justly, treated
by the White man. L ln gommon with many others of
my olaes, desiro to soe the Union of our fathers preserved,
snd handed down intact to futare generations. We seo
In the perpetuation of the Federal Unidn the only safety
now for Bouthern White men. We find our country im
poverished, and onr taxes averaging (State, County, and
City) about threo per cent on a high valuation; and this,
instead of going to school the negroes and pay for neces
sary public improvements and public services, we find
goes to enrich men who came here from the North poor,
and, after being in office a short time, ean travel North
every Bummer and spend money freely.
Mr, Editor, those who, like myself, only want to see
some material prosperity refurn to our war-blasted
country, who wish for no office, ana are willing to and do
work, cannot see in this state of affairs any near pros
poet for future prosperity. The Ignorant negroes, poor
oreatures, are taught that high taxation is for the pur
pose of selling out lands that they may buy, when they
can already buy for half a year’s work 40 acres of land,
and, with the savings of another year's wages, a mule.
8ir, if honesty does not soon become tho rule among
office-holders of your party among ns, we shall be as bad
off as you are in New-Yowk, with this disadvantage
against us: we cannot even sxpoot relief by a change in
the sentiments of negro votars.
Mr. Editor, cannot you start a new party, having those
as the cardinal doctrines:
1. “The Union, the Constitution, and the enforcement
of the laws;"”
4. Honest men, and only honest man, in office
by One term of six years for every President of the
Utited States;
4. Brotherly love between Confederates and Federals,
and a “New Departure” from “hate and malice to
“kindness, and disposition to be charitable to each
others faults”
5. Impartial Suffrage and Universal Amnesty, “at
once, now, and for evermore
Got up such a party and you will find all the young
men of the Bouth at your baok—men who are willing to
obey every law, and to do everythiog to bring peace and
prosperity back to this unhappy land. HONESTAS,
Answer by The Tribune.
Our correspondent is asked to consider these
facts:
1. The Government of Mississippi is in the
hands of her people, nine-tenths of whom are
natives of the South
2. It is not even pretended that her elec
tions are decided by votes illegally cast or
dishonestly counted.
It seems to us, then, that the Mississippians
have their destiny in their own hands—that
they may easily remove the evils whereof they
complain. The Blacks generally fear that those
Whites who endeavored to break up the
Union in the interest of Slavery are still bent
on reducing them to virtual serfdom if not to
legal Slavery: is that to be wondered at,
when we all know that Seymour and Blair's
election was ardently desired by those Whites
barely three years ago, when Blair avowed his
purpose to overthrow the negro governments
and restore the rule which they had super
seded? If our correspondent were Black,
would he be ready to trust the late slave
holders with power just yet?
The Blacks are generally ignorant, but they
need not and should not remain so. Let the
Whites eagerly cooperate with them in behalf
of Universal Education. Let them resolutely
stamp out the mean prejudice which says,
“My children must not go to any school
where negro children are taught; I cannot
“ride in any stage or car where negroes are
“allowed except as servants to Whites.”
We shall surely carry Universal Amnesty
this coming Winter; and then the
Southern Whites will all enjoy every right
which any one else does. If, then, they
can only be made to realize that Blacks are
human beings—individually good, bad, or in
different, as the case may be—but nevertheless
men and women, to be estimated and treated
according to their conduct, not their color—
the government of every Southern State will
soon fall into the hands of its wisest and
worthiest citizens, no matter of what
color. It is by .the Whites, not the
Blacks, that distinctions founded on color are
perpetuated and intensified—if the Blacks vote
for unworthy in preference to worthy candi
dates, they do it because they fear the loss of
their most precious rights. Let the Whites
persistently treat the Blacks as fellow-men,
and the grievances of ‘“Honestas” and his
crowd will speedily vanish.
BE.
It is with no little satisfaction that we an
nounce the eleetion to our next Senate of
Apia W. PaLmer from the Dutchess and
(Columbia district. Mr, Palmer has served
two years in the Assembly and as many in
the Senate, and never was offered a bride,
and would not be if he served through the
century. Two years ago the District elected
(George Morgan (Dem.) by 175 majoiity. Now,
Palmer’s majority must exceed 1,000. His con
stituents know him.
Have we or not, ever noticed the Flower Mis
sion in Boston?! If we have, a second mention
will do no harm. The work of the ladies carrying
on this Mission is to distribute fruit and flowers
among the sick in the poorer homes and in hospitals.
Never was a more fragrant Annual Report. The
ladies during the year have carried tothe ill and suf
fering 11,671 nosegays and 673 parcels of fruit. There
was a particular distribution of 2,075 pond lilies.
Outside the city, 84 towns sent contributions. There
is a branch of the Mission in Chelsea and another in
Cambridge. And why should not alms-giving have
its poetical side! As in everything else, it is true
that the prose of charity is of the first importance—
it is of small use (if we may use Goldsmith’s illustra
tion) to send ruffles to those who have no shirts.
The blankets, the flannels, the bread, the beef-tea,
the coals, must have precedence but when we find
ladies bearing flowers to the stricken objects of their
compassion, we may be sure that the weightier mat
ters of relief will not be neglected. Delicate atten
tions and graceful ministrations show that those
who promote them have fully comprehended the
wants both of the body and the soul.
They have poets in Peru, and among them a Sefior
Torres and a Sefior Carcedo, whose works are favor
ably criticised in a London literary newspaper,
which quotes a foolish remark made by Lamartine,
8a follows: The Americans of the North have car
ried to the New World nothing but a materialistic
civilization, cold and egotistical, a greed for gold,
snd a prosaic Anglo-Saxon mercantilism,” The Pe
ruvians, on the other hand, according to M. Lamar
tine, “have the virtues and refined tastes of the
Latinraces.” Yet when this nice gentleman had spent
all hismoney aud wanted more to enable him to grat
ify his expensive tastes, he did n't send an agent to
beg for him in Peru, albeit gold is popularly supposed
to grow there. On the contrary, he went begging in
behalf of the bard among the *‘cold and egotistical
Americans of the North.” ‘The virtues and refined
tastes of the Latin races” didn’t lgad them to send
the hungry gentleman a single sous; but M. La
martine’s deputy bored people here to death, point
ing out to them that it was their duty to subscribe
for works whieh they could not read if they would
and when they declined he, went away shrugging
his shoulders at their Anglo-Saxon mercantiliam.”
Why, pray, did a’t he try Peru?
It is a noteworthy fact that the Temperance Ques
tion seems to be exciting a good deal of interest in
Australia, and it is already proposed to establish two
or three asylums for those addicted to the nse of sl
cohol. Dr. McCarthy, in a letter to The Australian
Medical Gasetle, argues for a classification of inebri
ate saylums, He would have homes for those of
abundant means, for those of limited means, and for
those without means, who would be required te
labor. At present, under the colonial statute, mag
istrates may comunit inebriates to lunatio establish
ments, if such patients are able to bear the expense
but for the poorer olass thero secs $0 be no refuge
but the venitontiary.


TAMMANY OVERTHROWN
A cn
i
years of age. As be gave in bis ballots, he remarked te
the Inspector, “I've not voted before since I became
blind.” As bo left he was greeted with choets by the by.
standers. y
Late on Monday night seversi prominent Teesmeny
politicians resolved to punish Ledwith for his fermer
opposition to the regular Democracy, It is supposed,
with good reason, that Judie Dowling and Morgsa Jones,
with others, conceived tho ides of cutting his naz trom
the Tammany ticket; but, wherever the ides originated,
Ledwith’s name was cut from the ticket, and that of
George C. Barrett substituted. This was also done in
several other Wards, and it was not discovered until late
in the morning, and then nothing was dene 10 countesags
the movemeout.
X the Eighteenth Ward, where much trouble had been
pected, none occurred beyond a few individual quae.
rels, aad even these were not sufficiently serious to
attract general attention. In the Twenty-first Ward
O'Brien's friends were in many cases mstrumental in
keeping order at the polls, and whenever a case of saem
ing fllegal voting by a non-partisan was noticed, instead
of resorting to the old system of beating the persona
nearly to death the matter was invariably investigated,
and if the would-be voter could not justify his actions
he was transferred to the police. On Thirdave. from
50 to 106 people were gathered about each polling place,
bat they were orderly, and but little harsh language
was used. Ward politicians now and then dispatched
measages to other districts or other Wards to announce
the state of the canvass, and 80 the day passed in the
un-town warda.
——E I
There was very little excitement and scarcely
any disturbance durieg the day inthe southern districts,
Bearcely 100 votes had been polied at neon in any ef
thesdistricts between Canal and Vescy sta, and Broad.
way and the North River, and in some of them not more
than 40 had been cast. Tn most instances, a Tammany
man occupied the position of chairman, and any dispute
which ocourred was settled by his ordering the police
man to oust his opponent on the plea that he was inciting
ariot. A crowd of roughs was collected in front of the
polls at No. 69 Hudson-st., and no one was allowed to pass
the door until he bad shown his tickets to the man
stationed there, or the latter had been assured by some
one that the applicant would vote Oa No.
98 Centre-st. a number of negroes presented t
but were not permitted to vote until their eros ed
been taken from them, and others substituted ln their
Paces, the policemen and others looking on the while, ag
tf in doubt whether they ought to interfere or not.
The stock and gold brokers closed their offices in con
Sequence of the resolutions of their respective Etcbangns
authorizing an adjournment of business until y.
The Cotton, Produce, Petroleum, and other Exchanges
were also closed, The banks and other corporate com
panies continued to do business, but Wall-st. hg de
serted, Trioughout the west side of the First Ware,
known as the Twenty-seventh Police Précinst, Joli
excitement was at a fever heat, and trouble Im
minent throughout the day. All the Rolin
booths, with one exception, were situa on
Greenwich-st., thus giving ample space for action in the
event of a large police or military force being called upon
to aot in that vicinity. A dozen policemen guarded each
boo 4 in the Intereat of Tammany Hall, and, in the lower
elention districts, eventually drove the Reform chal
lengers from the Rolla, thus giving the inspectors full
opportunity for dubjous practices. oi
J
The city was never more quiet on an election
night. There were the usual number of bonfires, but the
crowds of drunken Democratic voters, wildly cheering
for their successful candidates, were lacking. By
o'clock the city had resumed {its usual quiet, and there
was little to indicate the fact that it had just passed
through the most exciting election that had taken pisce
in many years.
At the headquarters of the Reformed Democracy im
Apollo Hall, at Twenty-eighth-st. and Broadway, last
evening, Henry Morrison presided, and introduced
numerous speakers to a large audience, enthusiastio over
the defeat of Tammany. The returns were also resd
amid the greatest applause,
At the Manhattan Club House in Fifth-ave., the corri
dors were crowded with members and their friends who
had come to discuss the election and ascertain the re
turns. They admitted thatjthe political prospeot for their
party in this State was very gloomy. They had given up
the Htate at 10 o'clock in the evening,and long before any
official returns could be received.
The Committee of Seventy did not mect last evening a$
their headquagters, at Broadway and Twenty-second-st.,
but held a secret session at No. 89 Union-square, the re
sult of which will soon be made public.
HOW MAYOR HALL’S INSPECTORS TAMPERED
WITH BALLOTS.
James Burns, a Tammany Inspector af the
Seventh Election District of the First Ward, was detected
iu the act of ballot stuffing. The police were asked to
arrest him, but refused. Justice Hogan, sitting at the
Tombs, was informed of this, and issued a warrant of
arrest. Sergeant Finn of the Tombs Court squad was
dispatched with the warrant, but Capt. Cherry, com
manding the Twenty-seventh Precinct Police, refused to
allow the warrant to he served. Capt. Cherry tele
graphed to Police Headquarters for instructions from
Superintendent Kelso or President Smith, but received
no reply.
Boon afterward, Michael J. Cullen, a Tammany Inspes
tor at the Eighth Election District of the First Ward
was detected substituting Tammany ballots for those
offered by the Reform voters. A warrant was also
issued for his arrest by Justice Hogan. Precisely the
same tactics were resorted to in his case as in that of
Burns, Emboldeuned by the impunity with which these
inspectors were allowed to violate their trusta, other
inspectors in the First Ward committed the most en
blushing frauds, The Reform Democracy declare
that they wero cheated in every district iu this Ward
Hermann F. Bower, watcher of the Comittee of Seve
enty of the XIIth District of the Nineteenth Ward,
detected Inspector Patrick Feore in the act of subeth
tuting Genet for Tiemann ballots, and throwing the lat
ter on the floor. He wenl to the Reform Headquarters,
in the Ward, and called Ashbel P. Fitch to go with him
and get a warrant of arrest against the Inspector. They
were unable to find any Judge to issue the warrant, aad
returning to the polling place, picked up the Tiemann
ballots on the floor, and demanded the Inspector’s name,
whereupon he ordered their arrest by the police, sad
they were locked up in the stastion-house with commen
criminals. Late In the afternoon, when the polls were
closed, they were brought before Judge Ooatiny oh the
disc an
who had been appointed to watch the canvass in this
Ward, was universally regisdod as Tammany trick to
guabls the luspeciord 10 what they pleased with the
ots.
puted to watch in the Fourth Dis
Hr Boren Ward, complained that Andrew
Smith, an inspector, had changed a ballot from a Re
form to a Woe candidate. The complaint was
made at 11 a. m., but Smith was not arrested. Jeremiah
Coffee, an Inspector of Election in the XIth District of
I AE
Ly and BE is: Mayor Hall, who dismissed
him from his office as inspector.
Fifty-seventh-st. Police and
I
REPEATERS AT THE POLICE COURTS.
At the Essex Market Police Court Jussiee
Scott was present throughout the day, to attend prinek
pally to cases of illegal voting. Michael Boardman, ar~
rested on the complaint of Alexander McHall for ad
tempting to vote as residing at No. 342 East Twenty
first-st., was held for trial in default of $1,000 bail,
Michael McAleen, arrested on a charge of illegal voting im
the Third District of the Thirteenth Ward, was discharged,
the complainant; John H. Dusenberry, Republican
Inspector, not being able to leave the polls. Robert Mc
Bride, arrested for assaulting 8 Reform voter in the
Thirteenth District of the Seventh Ward, was committed
for trial. Edward G. Burns of No. 77 Outaspuest made
complaint that after he hed voted the Rel. ticket in
the red District of the S8eveuth Ward, he had been
assaulted by Daniel Mars, and that the officer in com
mand of the Seventh Precinct refused to take any notice
of the case. Justice Scott told him that he ‘Would Detter
make complaint before the Police Commissioners.
At the Jefferson§Market Police Court, William Peany.
for attempting to vote in the Eighteenth Election
District of the Ninth Ward, baving legally registered’
himself as residing at No. 286 West Eleventh-et., \aad
committed in default of $300 bail. Francis Moats
for attempting to vote illegally in the Eighth
the Tw otietd Ward, was committed. Albert
esi by the Twoaty-ainth Precingt poliod,
Frugous, Hot. bY the wentieth Preclact police,
aad
legal 10 complainant
fn. Myroo W. Huut, ed in the New-Y
versity, arrested for illegal voting in the Foo
on the ground that be was a non-residend, was

I
Commissioner Davenport issued a WAITANS
yesterday, for the arrest of Assemblyman Jia svg
on a oharge of resisting United States Marshals
and Dowling when they were arresting Owen Googobas,
charged with repeating at the election last Jeo.
Dowling was seriously injused, and Ja now confined 40
hia bed. Alderman Bernard ONelll, who was arvegted om
Monday evening, on a warrant by Commussionss
Davenport, charging him with having induced 8
register Jalatly at the last eleetion, was confined in
Jawa, Jail all Som aionee Osborn
aud aii Eotlloy aro his iS yung
Continued fro mm Five: Pasa.
IN THE LOWER WARDS.
ENINGA
1
o>
LS
an
Nv TH
LAST YEAR'S FEAUDS.