MS\ 3!
Wevkly Vst
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 24th, 1871
ADVERTISEMENTS NEW THIS MORNING.
Prof Cadwell. Unioa Hall, Central Falls Mesmerism,
Geo. W. Gooding, Central Falls Watches, ete.
A. J. Ham)in, Pawtucket Tenement to Let.
Dr. Lighthill, Pawtacket
Cramston Savings Bank. Provilence Deposits.
Henry T. Brown, Providence Waltham Watches.
Anunable Allen, Providence -Black Silks, ete.
THE GRAND DUKE.
The visit of Alexis, the son of the Emperor
of all the Russias, to this country, may we
think, be regarded as a fortunate occurrence.
His father, the Czar of an extensive empire,
and possessing vast power for good or evil,
has so far as we know ever been a fricnd to
the United States of North America, and has
on many occasions shown his friendship in a
frank and manly way. One of these occa
sions, and probably the most important of all,
is still fresh in our minds, and is of too agree
able a nature to allow us to forget it, or to
pass it by with cool indifference, when so fa
vorable an opportunity to exhibit our satisfac
tion is afforded us. We cannot forget that
when, the National energies were severely
taxed to meet and subdue a gigantic and well
organized conspiracy to dismember the Repub
lic, and other nations, evidently anticipating
with a wish that was parent to the thought, a
National disaster too terrible to contemplate
with ealmness, looked coldly on us, or with
more active hostility, intrigued both secretly
and openly, to assist and hasten a consumma
tion which they devoutly wished for, the Rus
sian Monarch placed himself on record with
the most distinet acts of friendship as our ally.
True he did not send his navy or his soldiers
1o our assistance, for these we did not need,
bat, by his decided expressions and marked
public policy, he virtually said to our luke
warm friends and quasi enemies, hands off,
America shall have fair play. And this was
all we wanted. We had men, money and
brains, though sometimes in our impatience
at blunders and failures, we thought the latter
almost as tardy in exhibiting itself, as was the
Duke Alexis in arriving on our shores.
We Lave never before had an opportunity
to communicate so directly with the Russian
government as now, through the person of the
heir apparent to the Russian crown.
The usaal modes of diplomatic courtesy
are at best a cold manner of communicat
ing afriendly or grateful sentiment. Personal
contact, the interchange of personal social
amenities, a warm grasp of the hand, a pleas
ant look into the eye, and the thousand other
little friendly offices which spring from and
grow out of these relations, are more potent
promoters and anxilliaries of national comity
and upright pelitical policy, andl more effica
cious for the creation and nourishing and
zuiding of that fair and human and christian
like spirit of equitable compromise, than all
the red tape diplomacy, however brilliantly
conceived or ingeniously conducted. We re
ard his advent among us as another link in that
chain of international friendships, which it is
to be hoped will continue to extend until it
shall be endless and limited in no way save by
the extent of civilizations empire and the
capabilities of the human mind. Should such
a system, of nations dropping in to see one
another, and chat over matters and things of
general interest to all, becoiae unusual, stand
ing armies would become a thing of the past,
and taxation cease to crush the poor cither of
Europe or America.
Of the Grand Duke as a man we know
nothing, but hear he is a porson of good com
mon sense, and reputable private character.
We care nothing for him as a man more than
we care for other strangers, but as a representa
tive of a pribciple and a policy, we regard him
with a lively interest. In him the extreme
eastern civilization is brought in contact and
intermingles with the extreme western. We
remember the liberal policy pursued by his
father in emancipating the Russian serfs, and
thus flashing the light of comparative liberty
over nearly one-third of Europe, even against
the wish and protests of his nobles—the ruling
clws, and of course the direct supporters of
bis power and his throne. We must not for
get that he did this before America, Republi
can America, had stricken the chains from the
limbs of its millions of slaves. We must not
forget, either, that the Emperor was not forced
by siress of war or policy to manumit his serfs,
but that it was the act of one who was free to
do as he would, of one whose own persopal
will was a law to all kis subjects. It is by this
light and our knowledgze of human nature, and
in view of the many sovercigns whe, in like
circumstances, have been tyrants instead of
henefactors, we must judge the Duke's father
—und judging by this standard, we are obliged
to consider him a wise, humane, enlightened
and christian ruler—that the civilization he
represents is of a high and progressive order.
His son, the Duke, is said to be even more
progressive than his father, the Emperor, and
to contemplate still further advancement in
the path of reform which his father has so
nobly trod. In view of these facts, how ap
propriate the hearty welcome New York ex
tends to Russia through Alexis, her present
proxy. New York has done some things in
the oration line, which were anything but
creditable to its reputation. It is now acting
wisely, and has done the most sensible thing
since the slaughter of Tammany, in welcom
ing in regal style the representative of eastern
cieilization in the person of the Grand Duke
Alexis. R
Fire axp Loss or Lire —The steamer City
of New Londen, of the Norwich and New
York line, took fire about half-past four o'clock
Wednesday morning, in the Thames river,
about four miles below Norwich, Conn.,and
was totally destroyed. Thirteen persons, in
cluding several prominent business men of
Norwich, perished. The boat was so crowded
with freight that there was not room to man
age the fire apparatus properly, and because
of this over loading, thirteen lives and a very
valuable freight are lost. We have often no
ticed, when traveling on the Sound steamners,
this same over-crowding with freight, some
times so much that passengers could hanlly
go from end of the boat to the other, hetween
decks, and we think there should be some
law to prevent it
e
Tux Tyrocrarurc, published by L B
Wilder Co, 66 Congress street, Boston,
Mass is one of the neatest publications we
see. As its name implies, it is devoted 1o the
typographic art, and we wish it success in its
endeavors to elevate the standard of printing.
el Qs
Ove SeEcvmiTies. The value set upon our
securities by foreign countries may be seen
by the fact that the German bankers in New
York have orders w 0 purchuse ten million
dollars worth of government and railway
bonds within the next month.
Prackasie —The Arizona grund jury say
that five bundred neighbors, friends and fellow
citizens have fallen by the hands of the
Apache lndians. Better swend them some more
blankets and bitles, and let the traders sapply
them with whiskey, guns and ammunition.
A R‘l‘lA‘ A¥ Locoworive.—Tuesdsy morn
ing, owing to a misplaced switch, a collision
took place between the New York freight and
locomotive, pear Hebronville. Both engi
neers and firemen jumped from their engines,
and after the shock, before they returned 1o
thewr places, the unattached locomotive start
ed up on s own hook sod traveled off
towards Boston, the fire however soon died
out, apd the steam going down, it stopped
near Mansfield having fortunately had a clear
e b, u Circumnstance which could bardly Lave
been possible st any other hour of the day
Swirt As THE Wixo. —At Mount Washing
ton ou the afternoon of the 15th inst., the
velocity of the wind was oue hundred and
fifty miles an bhour, the bighest late of speed
fier EDOWD.
oo
SUMMARY OF FOREIGN NEWS.
GREAT Britaix. —The Court Cireular an
nounces the sudden indisposition of the Prince
of Wales,
Von Beust, the newly appointed ambassa
dor of Austria to the Court of St. James, is
expected to arrive this week.
A subseription for the widow and daughters
of Mark Lemon has been opened.
A tremendous explosion occurred in the
vicinity of Wigan one day last weck.
A Free Church of England,” independent
of Episcopal control, has been established at
Wolverhampton, England.
The British government has granted a pen
sion of £3OO to the children of Dr. Livings
ton, the African explorer.
On the 16th instant the relief funds at
the Mansion House reached the following
amounts: For Chicago, £€48300; Antigua,
$4780; Persia, €1758. J. S. Morgan Co.
have received a total of £€23125 for Chicago,
and €ll6l for the sufferers by the forest fires
in America.
The first Roman Catholic Mission, from
England to America, sailed last Saturday.—
The party consists of four priests, whose duty
it will be to labor exclusively among the col
ored people of the United States.
Joln Gribble, Secretary of the Total Absti
nence Society of Brixham, England, publicly
accuses the Queen of intoxication. The charge
couses great uproar, and the local autherities
have already commenced legal proceedings
against the man who made it. A late dispatch
reports Gribble under arrest, and that the
magistrates will not admit him to bail.
Disracli has been elected Lord Rector of
the University of Glasgow, over Prof. John
Ruskin.
On the fete-day of the ex-Empress of the
French, a large deputation from Paris arrived
and proceeded to Chiselhurst, where they of
fered congratulations to her. The officers of
the late Imperial Guard sent bouquets.
Dr. McLeod states officially that he has
attended the Queen over thirteen years, and
declares the report that Her Majesty has shown
symptoms of mental weakness is ungualifiedly
false.
News is received of a collision at sea between
two supposed American vessels, the Ella Mor
ton or Norton, and the Agnes Camplell. The
latter was so badly injured that she sunk.
The Standard announces that the negotia
tions of the British and French governments
for the modification of the commercial treaty
have been broken off. No cause is assigned.
Lord Tenterden, formerly Chief Secretary
of the Joint High Commission at Washington,
has received the appointment as agent of the
British government for the presentation of the
claims of British sabjects before the tribunal
of arbitration shortly to assemble at Geneva.
Fraxce—M. Picard, late Minister of the
Interior, has been appointed Minister to Bel
gium.
Count Chambord, chiel of the elder branch
of Bourbons, contradicts the report that he
intends to surrender his hereditary right to
the throne of France.
Goulard has been appointed Ambassador of
France to Italy, viee Count De Choiseul,
whose resignation was announced last week.
The trial, by court martial, of the parties
accused of the assassination of Gens. Thomas
and Lecompte is ended. Nineteen prisoners
are pronounced guilty. Verdagner and seven
others are sentenced to death six to ten vari
our terms of confinement.
Gambetta, Louis Blanc and Victor Hugo
have issued a card soliciting subscriptions for
the relief of the families of Communist pris
oners.
The reorganization of the French army is
progressing. By the end of the year the
strongest strategetic positions on the eastern
frontier will be occupied by completely recon
structed and thoroughly equipped corps o
armee. 3
Irtary.—King Victor Emanuel made his
entry into Rome to-day. He was met at the
gates by the heir apparent, Prince Humbert,
the minister of the crown, and a large body of
the national guard of the city. The populace
filled the streets in immense uumbers, and
greeted the King with earnest enthusiasm
during his progress to the Quirinal, where he
has taken up his residence.
The statement that the Pope has requested
a residence in France is untrue.
The Parliament of the Netherlands has
agreed to abolish the Dutch Embassy at the
Papal Court.
The Jesuits, who have been expelled from
Rome, are about to establish their headquar
ters at Nice, where they can receive prompt
information of all that passes at Rome.
Thither they have accordingly removed their
educational institutions, their valuable books,
and their extensive museum of antiquities and
treasures of art.
GREECE.—The King has prorogued the ses
sion of the Chambers for one month.
SpaiN.—A transport sails from Cadiz on the
30th, with fresh troops for Cuba.
The debates in the Cortes during the past
week, their unexpected result, and the resig
nation of the newly-formed ministry, cause
great agitation in Madrid, and the provinces.
A deputation of Senators and deputies in
the Cortes, with ministers, waited upon the
King, last Friday morning, and presented
their congratulations on the first anniversary
of his accession to the throne.
The Governor of Havana has been super.
seded.
Strikes are commenced by workmen in va
rious parts of Spain, in obedience to signals
trom abroad.
The session of the Cortes is postponed until
February, 1872, until which time it is probable
the present ministry will continue in office.
BerGion.—The session of the Belgian
Chambers has been opened. Prince De Legre
is made President of the Senate.
SwITZERLAND.—A despatch says the com
mission for the arbitration of the Alabama
claims will assemble at Geneva on the 12th
of December, and the sittings will continue
all the winter. About 500 cases will be pre
sented for the consideration of the commission.
The corporate authorities of Berne, have re
solved to revive and enforce to the fullest ex
tent, within the city limits, the federal laws
prohibiting gambling banks and lotteries with
in the confederation. These laws have for a
long time been practically obsolete.
The fire ifGeneva destroyed two blocks of
houses—the quay and the Hotel Couronne.
Tremendous consternation prevailed, but the
military prescrved order.
The origin of the fire will be made the sub
jeet of strict investigation. Suspicion is di
rected against the agents of the International
Society.
DexMARE. —The King of Denmark has gone
10 Greece on a visit,
GERMANY. —~The German Parliament will
conclude its labors on the 25th. The Sessions
of the Prussian Diet open on the 27th.
In parliament, on the second reading of the
navy estimate bill, Minister Von Roon de
clared it was the purpose of the Imperial gov
ernment to establish a naval power only of
the second rank. The bill provides that the
pay of the officers in the navy be raised six
teen per cent.
A vote has been taken in the German Par
liament upon a proposition to place the efigy
of the Emperor William upon all the coins
instewd of those of the Princes of the respec
tive countries comprised in the empire, and it
was decided in the negative by a considerable
majority.
Avsrria.-~The Bohemian Diet still refuses
to send Deputies to the Reisthagh. The Im
perial government has issued a decree order
nz an immediate election of members of the
Austrian Reichsrath directly by the people of
Bohemis. The usual public noufications of
bolding the election will he at once issned.
Count Beust has addressed s fu:'md cirea
lar 1o the diplomatic agents of the Austro-
Hungarian empires resident abroad, stating
that bhis resiznation was not based upon any
political grounds but om reasoms of a purcly
personal character. The approval of the
British government of Court Beust's appoint
ment 1o the Austro-Hunzarian Embassy at
Lendon Las been re-eived
A change in the ministry of the Empire
and the failure of Baron Kellersperg renders
necessary reorganization of the Council of
Ministers for Austria proper. It is probable
that Prince Adeclph Anersperg will be called
to form a new cabinet.
Russia.—The Russian Government is vig
orously engaged in “Russianizing” the prov
inces on the shores of the Baltic. The latest
movement to this end is to declare the Russ
ian the only language to be used in public de
crees, courts and in the churches.
The seat of the universities at Doepat bhas
been transferred to Wilna.
Turkey.—A dispatch from Constantinople
reports three hundred and eighty deaths from
cholera last week. But later despatches re
port that cool, clear weather prevails there,
and that the cholera is decreasing daily.
There are great complaints of the disorgan
ization of the public departments. The Sul
tamn’s orders, requiring cconomy in the admin
istration of public affairs, are misinterpreted
and not satisfactorily carried out. Harmony
does not prevail in the Cabinet, and a crisis is
expected.
e @t
Narrow GAvGe RaiLroaps.—The subject
of narrow guage railroads has been of late occu
pying a considerable share of public attention
and if the plan is found feasible, it will proba
bly be adopted in many sections of the coun
try where the business will not warrant the
building of wide gauge roads with their ex
pensive locomotives and cars. In fact several
railroads on that plan are aiready laid out,
and work has commenced upon some of them.
About seventy miles of the Denver and Rio
Grande Railroad have been completed and
the cars are running upon it. The whole
length of this line will be nine hundred miles,
and it would have been almost impeossible to
have raised the funds to build a wide gaunge
road there.
Hon. Elisha Dyer of Providence, has re
cently paid a visit to Great Britain and while
there took occasion to examine thoroughly the
workings of the Festiniog Railway in Wales,
which is built on the narrow gaunge plan.
The resalts of his observations are given in a
communication to the Providence Journe! of
the 26th inst., and are very interesting. IHe
says, it was a source of the highest gratifica
tion to us to observe the steadiness of the
entire trains, passenger and freight. There
was less of oscillstion, vibration and jarring,
than on the ordinary trains of this country.
The cars are within six inches of the rail, and
sufficiently roomy for the agreeable accom
modation of the passengers they are intended
to carry. So decidedly successful has been
this diminutive arrangement in supplying the
varions demands of increase in passengers and
traflic, that two hundred horses would be re
quired to do the necessary transporiation,
which is now casily cone by the three or four
small engines employed. The villages on the
line of the railway have increased in size and
number, Our impressions of its practicability
and adapiability to the wants of so many in
dustrial districts in the United States, where
at the present time dormancy and delayed
progress are so unavoldably existing, for the
want of the necessary capital for development,
in the expens: of construction and rolling
stock of the present four feet eight and a half
inch gange, are of the most tavorable nature.
And any influence the recommendation of
similar structures for numberless sections of
our own State may have, is most freely ziven.”
Tuk SurPrisg is over. Alexis has arrived,
and New York dares to take a long breath.
All the men, women and children, of that
great city turned out to do him honor. The
reception took place Tuesday, and as usual
“was the most magnificent ever given to a
foreigner by New Yorkers.” The reporters
fairly gush over it. About twenty regiments
of militia, with music and banners, headed by
all the dignitaries, tarned out to escort the
hero, to the hotel provided for him. Maj.
General Dix made the reception speech as
follows
Your Imperial Highness—ln the name of
the citizens of New York, I have the honor to
tender you a cordial welcome to the United
States. It is a great satisfaction to us to see
in our harbor the gallant squadron which has
brought you to ourshores. [t is a still greater
gratification to us to receive among us one of
the Imperial family of Russia, whose illastri
ous chief has done so much for civilization,
and in whose hands the possession of power
has, under the guidance of Providence, been
devoted to the noblest of uses, the social and
political elevation of those who come within
the sphere of its exercise. The long and un
interrupted friendly relations between Russia
and the United States have naturally created
strong sympathy on our part in all that con
cerns her welfare, and has caused us to regard
with deep interest her steady but silent pro
gress eastward, shedding at every advance
that light of Christian civilization over regions
which have been buried for ages in compara
tive darkness. Your Imperial Highness will,
no doubt, find much in our country which is
uovel to Europeaus which will be remembered
‘as a source of useful suggestion in political
societies. In the name of the citizens, in
whose behalf I speak, I tender you a sincere
welcome.”
To which the Prince responded in the fol
lowing lanzuage:
Gen. Dig, Ladies and Gentlemen—l beg to
express my warm thanks for the manner in
which I have been received. The feeling
which exists between Russia and the United
States is as strong as it is lasting, and nothing
can disturb it. Ishall pass rapidly through
New York to pay my respects to the Presi
dent, whose high character is greatly appre
ciated everywhere. But on my return 1 shall
bave the pleasure to accept your hospitality
so kindly tendered me.”
Wednesday morning, he left for Washing
ton to pay his respects to the President.
While we are glad to have the son of the
Emperor of Russia, received in a manner be
coming the dignity due his rank, and while,
as the future ruler of that immense nation, he
is entitled to the respect and attention of the
people of this country, yet we hope the citi
zens of the United States will remember that
he is but a man, and not make fools of them
selves in trying to do homage to him, simply
because he is a Prince. It does not look well
nor speak well for Republican ideas, to see a
whole people turn themselves almost inside
out for the purpose of seeing a young man,
who, if the truth was known, probably re
gards the most of the reeeption and show
business as a bore, and whose opinion of this
nation will not be heightened by their crazy
exertions to stare at him.
Sap, 1¥ Trve—Monday the Worcester ex
press train ran over and killed a goat near the
Corliss Steam Engine Co.'s Works., It is ru
mored that the Masonic Lodges in Providence
will be unable to receive any new members
until they get a new goat trained, as it is said
this was the one that was used for that pur
pose, and was let out awhile to browse,
—_— e
WEe have received the November number
of the Freemasons Repository, which contains
many matters of intercst to the craft, and is
well worthy there patronagze. We notice that
it gives the number of Commanderies of
Knights Templars in Massachusetts as thirty
two, when there are but tweaty-eight.
—_— e
Mrs. Marioa HeroN, the gilted actress
who retired from the staze a year or two
since, has taken up that voction again, and
performed in the Opera House in St. Louis,
Monday evening. The papers say she is in
sane.
0006
Goon Mepraise. —Last S aarday six Cadet
Mrdshipmen of the third class, were expelled
from the Naval Academy as Annapolis, for
hazing. &3
Tur Mernive of tie Republicas National
Comuitiee o name a time and pla for hold
ing the next National Coavention, will be
held in Washington, «n the 11th day of Jan
uary next. B
Hiavy Fanvge —O. L. Nims, a lealing
grain Gealer in Buffalo, has suspended pay
wment. His liabilitics are est'mated at a quar
ter of million.
THE WEEKLY VISITOR.
g LONSDALE.
Semoors.— The public schools begin the
'ﬁ“J term on Monday, 27th inst.
RecoveßiNG.—We are pleased to say that
Mr. George Hardy, the person injured a short
time gince on a team, is able to be out, and
expeets soon to be able to be at his work.
MexDING OUk WAYs.—The Surveyor in this
district has been improving the highways in
some places, but much more needs to be done.
We hope the good work will continue.
Crrizexs Lpetukes.—The lecture by Wil
liam Parsons of Ireland, on Paris before and
after the siege” was one of much interest,
The lecturer is a fine speaker, speaking with
out notes, and interspersing his remarks with
anecdotes, rendered it both interesting and
instructive.
The next entertainment of the course will
take place on this (Friday) evening, to consist
of readings and recitations, by Wyzeman
Marshall, and Miss Lucette Webster of Boston.
Mesuerisy.—Prof. Cadwell gave an enter
tainment Wednesday and Thursday evening,
in Mechanics® Hall, near Lonsdale, showing
his superior powers in the sciences of mes
merism and psychology to a greatly pleased
audience.
Newport wants a signal station erected
there, and a petition asking for the same has
been numerously signed, and forwarded to
Senator Anthony.
A 36000 school-house is to be erected at
Narragansett Pier.
Messrs. J. L. Spencer Co. of Providence,
have leased a new mill recently erected at
Blissville, Conn., and will ran it on twines,
carpet warps, yarns, ete.
The dead body of a man which was found
in Long Meadow Woods, Tiverton, some
time since, has been ascertained to be that of
Benjamin Irish, a lunatic, who escaped from
the town asylum in Portsmouth, about the
10th of March last. He was seen in that vicin
ity on the night of his escape, and his where
abouts have been a mystery ever since. The
probability is that he wandered away to this
spot, and being thinly clad, froze to death.
The friends of the proposed railroad from
Pascoag to Providence held a meecting at
Greenville, Monday afternoon, and after listen
ing to estimates of the cost of building the
road, voted to raise a committee of three from
the several towns of Smithfield, Gloucester
and Scituate, to solicit subscriptions towards
the stock.
Patrick Donnelly, from Cranston, made an
excursion to Providence Monday, probably to
see if spirituous or intoxicating liquors were
sold in that model city, and towards evening
being very tired laid down to rest on the rail
road track near the Woreester freight house,
but his peaceful slumbers were rudely broken
by the Hartford freight train, which knocked
him off the track. He was picked up and
taken to the station house, where it was found
that though his head was severely eut and
bruised, yet his injuries would not prove fatal
The Grand Jury have found indictments
against the two coanterfeiters, Swevenson and
Keeceh.
The following is the amount of funds col
lected in the Catholic churches of this State
for the Chicago sufferers:
Cathedral, Providence. ..............$423 37
St. Joseph's, Providence. .............230 00
St. Mary's, Providence. ...............181 90
Immaculate Conception, Providence. .134 70
Church of the Assumption, Providence. 133 25
St. Mary's, Newp0rt.................. 558 82
St. Charles’, Woonsocket. ............166 90
Warren and Bristol. 100 00
Greenwich and Missions. .............100 0
St. Mary's, Cr0mpt0n..................9000
St. Patrick’s, Harrisville. ..............86 00
ok Anaes C0a1i5ten.........cc0...: R
St. Patrick’s, Valley Falls. .............T77 8
915
SS. Peter and Paul's, Phenix
Total...
By the breaking of a hydraulic press in the
Phenix Iron Foundry, Providence, Monday
forenoon, Michael McCarty was instantly
killed. He was about thirty years of age, and
left a wife and two children.
Senator Anthony is to deliver a lecture in
the Young Men's Christian Association Cour-¢
in Music Hall, Providence, this, Friday eve
ning. It cannot fzil to be both interesting and
instructive,
At a special election held in Providence
Monday to fill the vacancy in the General
Assembly, caused by the death of Stephen
Waterman, Capt. W. W. Douglass was elected.
The vote was very light, he receiving 355, and
Mr. R. Watson 63. Capt. Douglass is a smart,
intelligent young man, has served his country
in the field, and will bring no discredit upon
the city, in the General Assembly.
In this State there are 121 blind persons, of
whom 60 are males, and 55 females.
A committee has been appointed by the city
government of Providence to arrange for a
celebration when the water is introduced into
the city.
Edward W. Hazard ha# resigned the posi
tion of Postmaster at Peacedale, and John A.
Browa has been appointed to fill the vacancy.
A little boy by the name of Edward Burke,
about nine years old, was buried in a sand
bank in the rear of Dale street, Providence,
Monday afternoon, by the caving in of the
bank. Fortunately workmen extricated the
lit'le fellow, and saved his life.
According o the Boston Traveller, Rhode
Island turkeys have been selling this week in
that city for one shilling per pound.
A few days ago Postmaster Miliken of New
Shoreham, had his thigh bone crushed and
broken by falling in front of a cart-wheel
which passed over it.
A concert at Warren, a few evenings since,
realized one hundred and seventeen dollars
for their reading-room.
Mr. Wm. E. Sparry, formerly of the What
Cheer Band, Providence, has taken the leader
ship of the Woonsocket Cornet Band, made
vacant by the resignation of Mr. B. W. Nich
ols.
Last Friday a lad by the name of Easton,
about twelve years of age, living in Cranston,
while scuffling with a boy of about the same
age in a jeweller's shop, in Providence, re
ceived a kick in the abdomen from the effeets
of which he died Saturday evening.
The Town Council of Bristol have passed
an ordinance to stop the opening of stores,
markets, &c., on the Sabbath. There is too
muh of that business in almost every village
o the State.
<1 RE] JirEnsiZ
The Methodist Church at Great Bend, Pa.,
was burned Sunday. Loss 13,000,
The house and tavern of Michael Canfield,
Colorado, Pa., were destroyed by fire Sunday
morning. His two daughters, aged seven and
nine years, were burned to a cinder.
A row of wooden buildings on North Main
street, Springfield, Mass., owned by W. H.
Allis, and occupied for stores and tenements,
was partially destroyed by fire early Sunday
morning. The total loss is $25.000 of which
$12.000 falls on Mr Allis; half insured.
A fire Sunday m the old Tabervacle churci
building, rear of Mulberry street, New York,
now a tenement Lhouse, resulted in the destruc
tion of the household furniture of twenty-five
poor Funilies, and the fatal Luming of Aun
Walshi
T. M. Dexter’s private residence, near Rav
enswood, L. L, was destroyed by fire Saturday,
with farniture and valvable library. Loss,
£6O 000,
The Episcopal Cliarcli, corner of 127th street
and 4th avenue, New York was burned Sun
day might The loss is small, being of wood.
A wooden dwelling house on State street,
Portland, Me., occupied by three families,
was burned last Friday morning. Loss $1500;
insurance $BOO. It was owned by Francis O.
Sawyer. Mrs. Nancy McLoughlin, 80 years
old, was 5o badly burned that she died Satur
day afternoon,
A three-story brick house, in Alton, 111, oc
cupied by John Dawson, as a saloon, was
burned Sunday. Loss $15.000; half insured.
Case’s Iron Fouudry, in Philadelphia, was
bumned, Tuesday night. Loss $35000. In
sured for $lO,OOO.
Rup Scheffer's sash and blind factory,
Fon du Lac, Wis, was burned Wednesday.
Loss $35 000 insured §9,000. Incendiary.
A portion of the lumber yard of J. H. Hag
erty, Main street, Phillipsburg, N. J., was
burned, Wednesday afternoon, with three
buildings and contents. Loss $lO,OOO.
The baggage ear on the Little Miami Rail
road, which left New York Monday evening,
was barned Tuesday night, near Columbus.
The contents, incluling mails, were entirely
consumed,
A man named Kane, 22 years of age, was
run over by a ear on the Union line, Philade!-
phia, Pa., Saturday night, and he has since
died. The driver and conductor of the ear
were arrested.
Monday afternoon N. Denny Morse, aged 21,
fell five stories through the scuttles of Newall
Lovejoy's store, Devonshire street, Boston,
Mass., striking upon his face and chest, and
wonderful to relate he has no broken bones,
retaining his senses, and will probably recover.
Patrick Anthony, a fireman, had his head
crushed by the piston rod of a Hoboken (N Y)
ferry boat, Monday morning, while cleaning
the engine,
J. F. Walker, conductor of the freight train
on the Providence, Hartford and Fishkill rail
road, received injuries whéle coupling cars at
East Hartford, Conn., Friday morning last,
which resulted in his death Saturday night.
Mrs. Jumes Barker was killed in Reading,
Mass., last Friday night, near her home, while
crossing e railroad track.
Steamer Mary E. Sanford, from Wilmingtlon,
N. for Philadelphia, Pa_ sprung a leak and
was beached at Hatteras, Saturday, with six
feet of water in the hold. She took fire im
medintely afterwards and burned to the water's
edge. The vessel was a total Joss. No lives
lost.,
Mrs. Johin O'Neal, aged 40 years, was found
drowned in Portland, Me., harbor, Tuesday.
It is supposed she fell overboard when druuk.
Samuel O. Gray, o brakeman on the Water
ville and Portland (Me) local freight, was
knocked off the train by a bridge, Wednesday,
and killedd. He belonged in Portland.
On Saturday last, ia Washiogton, D. C,
Stanley Whiting, a twelve year old son of
Lieut. Charles Whiting, formerly of the U
S. Navy, and of Charlestown, Mass., while
Jjumping on the railroad track from sleecper to
sleeper, ruptured a blood-vessel, and died be
fore he could be carried 1o his home.
Mr. Adams Nims, of Sullivan, N. was
instantly killed, Tuesday afternoon, by a raf
ter from an old barn which he was taking
down.
In Dedbam, Mass Tuesday, a young son of
Samuel N. Norris was run over by a horse
car and fatally injured.
JoriMES[ T
The jewelry store of J. Brennan, Maiden
Lane, New York, was robbed Saturday of
£2500 worth of diamond rings.
Last Friday evening Ames Robinson at
tempted to shoot John W. Pittock, one of the
proprietors of the Eecuing Leader, Pittsburg,
Pa., the ball just grazing his head.
The jewelry store of Messrs. Franks, North
Sixth street, Philadelphia, Pa., was robbed
Sunday night of $20.000 worth of watches, ete.
£2116 49
Daniel Gleason murdered his wife witha
dirk knite, at North Adams, Mass. Sunday
evening. Gleason was arrested.
Vicroria Woopnonn delivered a lecture
Monday evening in New York, in which she
gave her waigue views of the marriage relation,
free loveism, ete. Her lecture was inter
rapted by her sister, a Mrs. Booker, who at
tacked her doctrines with greal earnestness.
The sudicnce hissed, laughed and applanded,
and the confusion was equal to a Tammany
o it ot
Oscar J. Duxs, Lient-Governor of Louis
iana, died Wedneslay mornir g, of congestion
of the lungs, aged 51 years.
Harper's Magazine commences its forty fourth volume
with the December number, and if coming events
cast their shadows before,” its readers and patrons
may expect great things from it the coming year. Tak
ing a position between publications of a strictly literary
order and those of the novelette style, it has furnished
matter which has proved so acceptable to the popular
mind that its circulation has reached 130,000 copies per
month. It contains serial and short stories: richly
illastrated articles of Travel; Scientific and Historical
papers of zreat value Poetry, and five editorial depart
ments on Art, Society, History, Science, Literature,
and Anecdote. Now is a good time to subscribe for
this popular and valuable monthly, and when it has
once gained a foothold in your family it never will be
given up, except from some unavoidable circumstance.
SacER, at No. 3 Mill street, 1 ready to supply it yearly
or mouthly.
The Atlantic Monthly for December has made its
appearance, with a choice variety of articles. The
publishers have made arrangements by which the
magazine for for the comiug year will be fully equal, it
not superior to, any preceding volumes. Dr. Oliver
Wendell Holines will contribute a series of papers, en
titled The Poet of the Breakfast Table,” which need
no commendation to those who read the famous ““Aw
tocrat and Professor” papers. A newly discovered
romance by the late Nathaniel Hawthorne, entitled
Septismuns Felton,” will be commenced in the January
number, and run through the greater part of next year.
James Parton will contribute a series of articles on
“*The Life of Thomas Jefferson.” H. W. Longfellow,
Bret Harte, Rev. W, M. Baker, James T. Fields, Henry
James, Jr., Prof. James DeMille, W. D. Howells, Clar
ence King and others are engaged 1o furnish regular
contributions for the coming year, while regular or
occasional contributions may be expected trom John
G. Whittier, James Russell Lowell, Oliver Wendell
Holmes, Bayard Taylor, T. W. Higginson, T. B. Aldrich,
Mrs. H. B. Stowe, Mrs, Celia Thaxter, H. H., Mrs. Har
riet Prescott Spofford, Miss Caroline Chesebro’, Miss
E. Stnart Phelps, and other well-known writers,
SacEßr, at Ne. 3 Mill street, has it on hand, and when
preferred will furnish it by the year to all who may
desire it
Godey s Lady’s Book for December has been received,
and contains two steel plates and a large number of
Other illnstrations. For forty-two years this excellent
periodical has been published, and it i= neediess w say
that it bas been steadily growing in faver daring ali
this time. That it deserves its reputation is beyond
all question, and has no superior. The literary depart
ment is filled with interesting stories from the pens ot
Marion Harland, Mrs. Hopkinson, Miss Frost, Sue
Chestnutwood, Louise Barton and Belle 8. Wilson
the poetry by Sae Murdock, Carrie D. Beebee, John S,
Reid, Clarence F. Buhler and others, an array of maga
zine writers that stand foremost in land. In the re
ceipt department will be found a variety of useful
receipts suited to the festive season, and in the juveuile
department amusements for the holidays. Now is the
time to commence making up clubs for 1872, and it
should be recollected that the sooner they can be sup
plicd. For terms, ete., see prospectus. Address L. A.
Govey, Philadelphia, Pa. It can also be obtained at
Sacer’s, 3 Mill street, Pawtucket.
Peters” Musical Monthly for December is at hand,
containing niveteen choice pieces of vocal and instru
mental music, all of which can be had for 30 cents, It
seoms hard to believe that o much can be furnished
for such a swall sum, but we know that it is. It comes
regiiardy every month, snd contsine nolhing but good
masic. Bound volumes for 18571 are offered, post-paid,
for #5. They come elegantly bound in crimson cloth,
gilt sides and edges, and are guaranteed to contain $5O
worth of choice piano music, (some 200 pieces). If
ordered per express. $4.5 will secure it. We would
advise all those secking holiday presents 1o bear this
work o mind. Music is always a proper present to a
lady, and in wo other shape can the seme amount of
good music be bought. Itis published by J. L. PETsRs,
509 Broadway, New York,
The Leading Juvenile Magazine ¢f America™ is
undoubtedly Oliver Optic's Gur Boys and Girls. The
Decmh"num.hh up the story of Bivouac
and Battle,” last of the series will be *Sea
and Shore,” by Oliver Optic. In the Janusry number
will be commenced “The Whispering Piue, or the
Gradnates of Radeliffe by Rev. Fijab Kellooy whose
stories for boys have proved s interesting. Darlvg
Pablication Notices.
the year {llustrated games, illustrated natural science,
stories in ancient and modern history, frontier sketches,
hunting adventures, fishing trips, ete,, ete., ilustrated
in the highest style of the art will be found in its pages.
The publishers will spare no pains to make this the
very best magazine for the young people ever issued
in this or any other land. It can be found at Sacer’s,
where subscriptions will be received.
The November number the American Sunday “i
Worker is good one. An effort was made 10 get all
the different denominations and Sunday Scuool Jour
nals to follow One Course of Lessons—but we learn
that Schools will have the choice of five or six courses
of Lessons next year, instead of being restricted to
one. The number before us contains The Worker
List, with an able editorial article thereon, which we
commend to the attention of all who are asking the
question, What Course ¢f Study Shall We Adopt Next
Year in our Sunday School? The publisher is J. W,
Mcintyre, St. Louis. Mo.
For Sammaty Scwoors Christwas (Rimes A\
ohoice collection of Christinas Carois. Just pubiished
by J. L. Perens, 59 Broadway, New York, It is issued
in pamphlet form. Psalmody size, and contains the fol
lowing Hymuns: Babe of Bethlehem— Brightest and
Best—Christ is Born —Christmas is Here -Come, ye
Faithful -Hail to the Lord—Hark the Angels—Holy
Voices —Expectsd Jesus—Babe is Born —Holy Night
Christmas Eve, Little Children—Star of Bethlehem
Merry Christmas Noel Noel Christmas Tree
Whisperings in Heaven—Suow on the Ground —and
While Shepherds Watched. Sent, post-paid, for 20
cents each 30 for §8; 100 for §l5. Sent, per express,
BN for $65 1000 four $l2O,
DO NOT NEGLECT A SLIGHT COUGH, BUT USE
COE'S PECTORAL MIXTURE
promptiy, and much sickuess may be avoided,
JOHN COE,- SOLE PROPRIETOR,
oct 30 18 -3m
Calerofermn. fpteiss of Camphier. Tiestare of Lopeitos
1.
Oil of Juniper and Aleohol. This nd is
in the l.llll”d medicine for lham Neﬂo...az-u.
Sick Headache, Nun?., Trembling and Twitching
of the Nerves, and all Nervous Discascs. It will coun
teract all poisons. banish pimples, cure -ulL:mpdou.
itching, humors, &c.. equalizes the circulation, l-viTx
ates the system, increases the action of the heart, with
out uddt:'? the brain, cures Heartharn. Palpitation
and Fluttering of the heart, Dyspepsia, &c.
Allevantor absolutely posscsses more curative proper
ties than any other preparation. Physicians, chemists
and othersare requested to examioe and test this rem.
edy, and $lOOO will be pald If found different from
utation.
HLU Have you tried in vailn to secure relief?
Have xm become dllumrnar‘-‘d Cheer up-—a cure has
been discovered. Mﬁ-'- le Remedics are mild and
reliable for Internal, Bleeding, External and Itehing
Piles. affording Immediate relief, effecting positive
cure
COKRNS- They sting, throb and ache. In vain you
cut, dig and bleed, they defy your efforts to sabdue
them. :h—;:c‘- Corn and Banion Kemedies will hanish
Corns, ons and Callonsities, cure Ingrowing Naile,
Sore lusteps, Blistered Heels and all pedal ailments
Sold by A. P. CARPENTER, corner Cros. and llxil
Streets, and by druggists generaily. 841 y may
Special Hotices.
THOS. P. BARNEFIELD,
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR AT LAW,
AND SOLICITOR OF PATENTS.
Office, No. 2 Mill street, (next door to Post Office
55
PAWTUCKET. .1
ot 6
JOHN P. GREGORY,
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR AT LAW,
NO. 23 MILL STREET, MANCHESTER BLOCK
NEXT DOOR TO THE POsT OFFICE, PAWTUCKET, K L
lluhf retired from the Court of Magistrates, Paw
tacket, he will ‘slvr exclusive sttention to any business
intrusted to his care, in all hranches of his profession,
’nhhlly and promptly. Iy }-n_o.
WALTER B. VINCENT,
ATTORNEY AT LAW
AND
SOLICITOR OF PATENTS.
OFFICE No. 29 WEYBOSSET STREET,
ROOM No 5 PROVIDENCE. R 1
Me Viscesr haviog had several years experience
in soliciting patents and in general patont basiness_in
connection with the practice of the law ju its various
branches offers his services o nventors confident of
his ability to give satisfaction. J
N. 8.-Send for circular containing fees, reforences
&e. novil Sm
AT 100 MILL STREET, CENTRAL FALLS,
J. E Maxey can be found, where he Is prepared
to furnish
MEATS, VEGETABLES, FRUIT, BUT.
TER, CHEESE, LARD, PORK,
HAMS, &C., &C,,
all of which will be SOLD LOW FOR CASH
jan 6 of J. E. MAXCY.
In Yankton, Dakota Territory, Nov. 12th, a son o
Mre. Saman, wife of Kev. Joseph Ward, formerly of
this place. en
JHarriages.
In Pawtacket, Nov. 16th, b{ Rev, M. Goodrich, Mr
Jowx W Mercarr, Ju, to Miss Harrie A Crowsis
AHIELD.
In Pawtacket, Nov, 224, at St. Mary's Church, by
Rev. Father Delany, Pastor, Mr. Micnarer Fisax to
Mrs. Many Sweexy, both of Central Falls
In Lonsdale, Nov. 224, st the residence of the bhride's
father by Rev. C. A Maryott, Mr. Frasx Lawrox, of
New York Clty, to Miss Romiz A only dasghter of
Ebben Balkcom, Esq.
_——— e
In Central Falls, Nov, 21st, Geoncix R. son of
James M. and Jane Davis, aged 5 years, mouth and
“‘.ﬂ'
In Lime Rock, Nov. 17th, Mr. Joux Kxwum, in the
Toth L: of his age.
In th Attichoro’, Mass Nov, 15th, Miss Saman 8.
Burerss, in the Sith year of her age.
Jlew Jdvertisements.
TO 1T
FIRST-CLASS TENEMENT, on High
land street, near East Pike. Terms §lB% 8 yea
For further information apply on the premises 1g
nov 24 tf 113 A.Jd Il\\lLl\'
GRAND ANNOUNCEMENT!
I’IROI. CADNMNLELL L
The world renowned Mesmeriser, will give one of
his wotderful cntertainments in
UNION HALL, CENTRAL FALLS,
FRIDAY EVENING, NOV. 24th,
TONSISTING of some of the most re
markable scenes in the mysterious realms of semi
somuambulism, mesmerism and psychology, being the
ua.? exhiljition of the kind in this country.
ickets only 25 cents: Reserved Seats, 35 ceuts
Doors open at 7, commence at 7% o'clock. The Hall
will be put in good condition, and rndie- may be assured
that good order will be maintained. See sma'l bills,
Tickets for sale at the usual places. Five tickets, or
four reserved tickets, betore 6 o' clock, §l.
nov 24 1118
WATCHES CLOCKS!! JEWELRY!!
GEO. W. GOODING'S,
26 CENTRAL ST.,,CENTRAL FALLS,R. L.
'l‘llE Waltham, Elgin, Springfield and
Swiss Watches of all grades furnished as low as
at any other place
18 carat and 14 carat Gold Rings made to order.
All kinds of Watches, Clocks and Jewelry Repaired.
nov 24 53
FOR THE HOLIDAYS!
WALTHAM WATCHES.
THE BEST, THE CHEAPEST
OF AMERICAN WATCHES
Every Watch fally Guaranied.
Solid Silver, Solid Gold Cases.
SUPERIOR WATCGHES
FOR LADIES.
Accarate aud Durable Time Keepers.
FOR SALE AT THE
LOWEST PRICES.
HENRY T BROWN,
60 Westminster Street,
nov 24 PROVIDENCE, R. L TS-llyin
SUGAR HOUSE SYRUP,
ABI'PBRIO“ ARTICLE, just received
sud fog sale by
fev 3 110 1. G. FALER CO.
21 Main St
Pawtucket, R 1.
Births.
Deaths.
Hlew Jdvertisements.
NINTH ANNUAL COURSE
Library Association Lectures.
The Second Lectare will be delivered by
REV.W.H. H. MURRAY,
OF BOSTCN,
IN ARMORY HALL,
ON FRIDAY EYENING, NOV. 24th.
SUBJECT DEACONS."
Reserved Seats, $2.50 cach. Tickets for the
Course (without reserved seats), $1.30 each
Evening Tickets Lectures, 35 cts. Concerts, 30 cts.
Bov i Inm
HARRINGTON'S OPERA HOUSE.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.
ONE WEEK (OMMENCING DEC. #th, 1571,
Every Evening and Saturday Aferncon.
THE NEW MILITARY ALLEGORY,
THE COLOR GUARD,
will be presented
BY PRESCOTT POST. NO. L G AR
SSISTED by alarge number of ladies,
of Providence, who have k‘lldl' voluntecred their
ey Ces
;’l\e(,ulov Guard ix similar, n:'h- heen y-l;:..ced
man superior to, tamous mimer
By of A
usic by Brown Reeves (mbdn-‘ornum
of the American Band. Songs by Glee Club of 25
Prices as usual. Tickets can be procured st Fisk
Co's, Pawtucket; Manly P. Barber, Valley Falls and
8t the Post Offices in Central Falls and Lonsdale,
Steam cars leave Providence for Valley Falls at the
close of the performances. N 3 pov 17
North Providence Taxes for 1871,
WIIIIIAS the electors of the town of
North Providence, on the 12th day of Jane last,
voted 1o levy a tax of seventy five cents on each one
hundred doliars of the ratable r«wﬂy of said town,
which said tax baving been duly assessed and appor
toned, and the subscriber having been daly elected
Collector of Taxes of sald town, and given bonds as
the law directs, reguests all persons assessed as afore
sald to call on him and p{ the sum or sums assessod
upon them and their mtable property as aforesaid and
for the purpose of receiviog said taxes, he will ot
tend
At the office of the Treasurcr of the Providence and
Worcester Railroad Company in Providence, Wednos
hx November 15th, IN7I.
t the store of Luther Carpenter, Centredale, Thurs
ﬁx November 16th, 1871
t the store of C. L. Holden, Manton, Friday, Nov.
ITth, IN7I.
At the afice of the Corliss Steam Engine Company
Satarday, November 15th, 1871,
At the office of the Richmond Manafucturing Com
pany, Toesday, November 21s1, 1871
ﬂ'“l:’l. Town Hall in Olneyville, Wednesday, Nov
At the Town Clerk’s Ofice, North Providence, Friday
and Saturday, November 20th and 2th, 1871,
B Oun each of the above named days, and at each
of the above named ra-be will be in attendance
from WA M amil 3P. M. Thereafier, and until fur
ther notice, the Collector may be found at the Offlce of
Earle Prew's Express, Pawtucket, R. 1., during busi
pess hours.
o Mh-:.'thr 8&. of November, interest will be
charged at rate of fwalve cond
JO".‘ D. EARLE. Collector
North Providence, Oct. 24, 1871, -5 oct 27
JOB LOT
BLACK SILKS.
l ECENTLY }rul chased, at muach less
than the cost of importation, 59 yards of Blark
Siiks in Gros Grain apd Taffeta, worth from §1 50 to
$2 00 per yard, which they are selling for two weeks
at $1 5 and ::l’:s per yard ~lhczl:n- the grestest
bargaine yet offered in low priced k Silks. Also
snother large assortment of Cloths and Velveteens and
Sacgues at decidedly low prices, viz: at §6 50, §7 W 9,
”."20. $ll, $l2 and $l5- this lot are trimmed in en
tirely new designs, and are decided bargsine. If you
wish to buy Gents Underwear at low prices, look at
their's bhefore you purchase Heavy mg:..-d Shirts, 75
and %0 cents, worth §1 and $1 25, White Merino Shirts
and Drawers at §l, """‘J' For low ‘ﬂrr- in
Dress Goods, Shawls, Housekerplug Goods, Blankets,
Prints, Reps, Waterproof, Ladies’ and Children's Un
derwear, visit &5 Woestminster street. Three handred
yards of clegant styles French Prints jast received, at
B cente, best styles, first guality. If you wish a nice
rll of Kid Gloves, one hook, §1 or §1 25, or two hooks
“X' $1 50 every puir warrsuted. Call at Asnable
Allen’s,
85 Westminster Street,
PROVIDENCE. R
CRANSTON SAVINGS BANK,
41 WESTMINSTER STREET,
PROVIDENCE, R. L
l)ll’osl‘l'ﬂ made on or before Decem
ber 15th will araw interest from December Ist.
1«
Providence, R 1. Nov. 211871
LADIES CLOAKS AND FURS.
PERRY BARNARD
l l AVE opened afine assortment of Ont
side Garments for Ladies in Real Seal Skin Seots
Sacques and Muffs, Black Astrachan Sacques, Mufls
and Boss. Velvet Sacques, richlc trimmed. Cloth
Garments, new styles at
I.€OW 11
Also a fine assortment of Sable, Real Ermine, Imita
tion Ermine. Concy Astrachan, Grey Squirel, Imitation
Alnska and River Sable Maffs, Capes and Boas.
Full line of Maffs, Capes and Boas for Children.
Real Lyons Velvets for Cloaks,
Full line of Beavers for Ladies Cloaks
We would juvite the attention of purchasers to our
assortment of Furs. They are from one of the 1
Furriers in the country. and will be sold at low m
ever before offered.
NEW STORE, BURGESS BUILDING,
162 and 156 Westminster Street,
LIVE, AND LET LIVE!
CHEAP CASH STORE.
JB pureribers baving puhaced (e
Corner of Mill and Central Streets,
would intorm their friends and the public that
they intend to keep a stock of
FIRST CLASS GROCERIES,
CROCKERY, GLASS WARE, &C.,
which they will sell on the most reasonable terms
Goods delivered in any part of the village free of charge.
Call and see us, FINNETE R D
R. ELDREDGE.
CHAS. T. GOODING,
Formerly with N. Harding.
Central Falls, Nov. 17, 1871 Iy-1312
THE SAMPLE COOK'!
'l‘ll I 8 isa very beautitul and economical
stove isaquick and even baker, and a very cleanly
stove —a= the grate can be shaken, the coal domped.
and the ashes sifted without opening a door of the
stove,
A LARGE ASSORTMENT of OTHER FIRST
CLASS PARLCR and OFFICE STOVES.
Furnaces and Ranges set, and all Kinds of Tin and
Sheet Iron Work done to order A good assortment
of goods that are usaally kept iu a first-class tin and
stove store.
O. W. WIHI.MARTIL,
NO. 102 MILL STREET,
trle
nov 17 CENTRAL FALLS R 1
ASWANTED?
10 PERSONS TO FINISH
WORSTED GOODS.
This work can be taken from the shop and done at
home.
APPLY AT ROOM NO. 2, KENT'S BLOCK,
(SECOND FLOOR.D
CENTRAL STREET. CENTRAL FALLS R 1
nov 10 -3
HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE.
SITUATED in the town of
Pawtucket, oo the north side of East
street. Lot 50x130. House contains
nine rooms, and is convenient for
two families, CYRUS B. PEARCE
For any information ia regard to it inguire of WM
H. GOODING. 20112 nov 7
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
\VAB“IEHTO.\' LODGE, No. 4. The
Regular Seseion will be held Tuesday evening
next, November 28th, at 8 o'clock.
fnly 14 194 Per order: w.C
MOSHASSUCK CEMETERY.
Tllxextenuive gronnds of this Cemeter)
have been platted,snd sli persons desiring lots
can obtain them by calling ur.m the Treasurer, Mr.
THOMAS MOIES, at the Banking Rooms of the Paw
tacket Institution for Savings, where the plat can be
seen. It is desirable that persons wishing to procure
tots should select them soon, as it is in contemplatior
to make extensive improvements the coming spring.
dec 3 tlnS‘
UNNINGHAM sells three boxes Linen
Fiuish, Colth Lined, Button Hole l':r:r Collars
for 25 cents, or 100 for 84 cents. They are best pa
per collars jn the market.
gep 15 11 5 Main Street, Pawtncket, R. L
Bew Jdvertisements,
T 2
3
R H

——t
o oy
N
_— GO
=S i

3
—_—
e
b
ﬁ

o= 3


—_. bipd

1 P
——4
e x
g

5


2 A
i
4
5

J— v
1

&P
ol
o

U

S ponm—
o=
—mg
c—
e —A
S
=3
R
=2 "4

o= :rv


CLOAKS READY MADE.
Black Cashmere.
WATERPROOF CLOTHS,
ot g wKS ALLEN,
BLACK SILKS
I NDDICIR-WICAI
e
PIANO COVERS,
CORSETS
b
REAL VALENCIENNES,
And English Thread Laces: Poiut, Thread and Maltese
Lace Collars a new invoice at
JENKS ALLEN'S,
BLANKETS
At last season’s prices, “'hm' assortment —out
of Providence— in the State, t low, and are sell
ing quick, at
JENKS ALLEN'S.
nov 10 o
GREAT SALE
HOUSE FURNISHING EMPORIUM,
TO COMMENCE NOV. llst,
ITOIR C ASIEL,
WEEKLY and MONTHLY PAYMENTS,
TO CLOSE OUT OUR LARGE STOCK
BY JANUARY I, 1872.
Largest stock of Cook and Parlor Stoves in the
State, 1o be sold on
WEELKRLY aud MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Kitchen Farnishing Goods of every description,
to be sold on
WEERLY and MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Furniture, Rich and Common. an immense stock,
to be sold on
WEEKLY and MONTHLY PAYMENTS,
Bedding, English and American Carpeting, Oil
Cloths, Window Shades, &c., to be sold on
WEEKLY and MONTHLY PAYMENTS,
All of our immense stock of House Furnishing
Goods to be ciosed out on
WEEKLY and MONTHLY PAYMENTS,
(6, 18 and 20 Mill Street.
PAWTUCKET, R. 1.,
Evergll P. Carpenter Co.
AT THE
OR ON
Hew Jdverfisements.
ILL be sold at public auction, on
SATURDAY, November 25th, 1871, at 12 0 clock
M., on the premises, certain tract of land with all
the baildings and improvements thereon, situste in
the vil’e of Central Falls, in the town of Lincoln.
county of Providence and State of Rhode leland. lying
on the northerly side of Central street. being the same
sr‘optﬂy conveyed to Joice Pitman by t-d- trom
n T. Wilmarth, dated Auguet 16th, 1568, snd June
18th, 1870, and recorded in the registry of deeds of old
town of Smithfield, and is sold for breach of conditions
of lnnﬂs-‘f by virtue of a power of sale contained in
certain deeds of mortzage made and executed by Joice
Pitman, dated A:‘;“ 16th, 1968, and June 18k, 150,
and October #th, b, recorded in the registry of deed
for the town of Smithfield, book 45, pages 413 445 448
459 and 60,
nov3 110
IFOIR SAILLL.
ACOTTAGE on Rand street,
Central Falls, containing nine rooms
The house is only two years old_ and
is in first rate repair. Lot i=50x146
feet, is well stocked with young fruit trees prape vines
&c. The house will be sold low as the owner wishes
to remove from the town. For terms apply 1o Mr. T
VASLET. or on the premises to W, L l'l’.l“{\
Central Falls, Aug. 1% 1571
HOUSE FOR SALE.
-7, A PLEASANT LITTLE HOME.
One wishing to purchase a sevd,
two tenemont house, in desirable
location, arranged for a store rms
can hear of a chanee by applying 1
A. C. HUNT,
Casy,
fehio of 32
NOTICE.
'I‘HE FULL-BLOODED DURHAM BULI,
Butcher Boy,” will stand a. the Eagle Mar) o 1
Fare:, East Plessant View, until further notice. Terms
$2 00 ju advance, EDWIN DARLING
Pawtncket, October 13, 1871 of 1,
MOUNTAIN GREENHOUSE,
=YBROAD ST, CENTRAL FALLS 1.
Bouquets. Wreaths, Crosses, and all saretios of
foral decorations furnished for Weddings. Parties. Vo
nerals, &c. .at short notice »nd on reasonable terms
Ladies calling here ean rely upon courtecus trosty eng
and every exertion will be made 10 please 2] who fava
hisa with a call
A fresh importat f
HYACINTHS, TULIPS, CROCUS,
D OTHER DUTCH FLOWERING BULEBS
Just opened and can be relied on as the best ever offered
in this market. Prices reasonable.
FRANK KILEY, Gardeuer.
Central Falls, Oct. 20, 1831 u-2
M., It ETLILEEINCS
WINE BITTERS.
THESE BITTERS
HEALTHY and AGREEABLE TONIC
CALIFORNIA WHITE WINE,
AROMATIC HERBS.
oek i cllr weseeng s odted o e pabll
FOR .‘.‘J:h By
Or. 6. E. DAVIS SON
Registered Pharmacists.
38 MAIN STREET,

ot PAWTUCKET. R. 1 1
é
LIMITED COPARTNERSHIP
IP.
l.\' pursuance of the """"i"i"ﬁﬁ“’ Title
XVII, Chapter 115, of the Revised Statutes, and
the acts in amendment and in sddition thereto, we, the
andersigned. hereby give notice that we Lave formed
a limited partoership under the name and firm of
“Larssw Woon,” in which Ersstus E. Lapham and
Charles F. Wood, both of Lineoln. are geners! partners,
and the following named persons are special pertners,
each of said special partuers contributing to the com
mon stock the amvunt of capital set opposite his or
her name
dames H Chace., $l.OOO Jonathan Chace. $l.OOO 0
Joseph Wood. 1.000 66 Alfred H. Littlefield. 30 o 0
lh.n.k{ Chace, 1000 00 Charles D Bray, 1000 w 0
Amold B. Chace, 2000 Dagiel W. Jenks 50
Mary A Smith, 1,000 0 George D Jenks, N 0
Willlam J. Hood. 1.000 80 John A. Adsms, 1000 00
Edward L. Freeman, 560 60 Russell Handy, LN
Alanson P. Wood, 50 @0 Antbony G. Woed. 50 00
Jabez Follett, 2% 0 Silas Steere, W N
James B. Gooding. 5% 80 Thomas Moles, oy
All residing in Lincolu, in the county of Providenes,
State of Rhode Island
dJohn L. Clark. £l.OOO 00 Edmand N. Clark, §5OO @0
Adin E. Follett, e
All residing in Camberland, in said county
Samner Fifield, $l.OOO 00 Eleazer W. Barrow s &30 0
Syra S. Hames, 50 00 James M, Humes., 250
George M_Johuson, 50 00 Willism H. Haskell, 50 0
Nathan'l S Collyer, 500 00 Samucl S, Collyer, 50
All residing in North Providence, in said couuty.
Arnold Backlin, residing iu Pawtacker, ie ~uid
county s£n m
Horatio A. Hawnt. residing in Providence, in
said eounty e
$22 0w 00
The business to be transacted by said partnership is
the casting and mapufacturing of iror and other metals
in the said town of Lincoin. The said partnership to
commence ot the eizhteenth day of October. A D
1871, andd (o terminate on the eightecuth of October,
A D 1893
In testimony whereof we have hereunto set cur
hands, this second day of October, A. D. IBIIL
James H. Chace, Chas. F, Wood, Jonathan Chace,
Harvey Chace, Arnoid B. Chace, Adin E. Follett, Mary
A. Smith, Wm. J. Hood, George D. Jenks, Russell
Handy. Charies D. Bray, Edmuand N. Clark, John L.
Clark. Daniel W, Jenks, Silas Steere, Jabez Follett,
Alanson P. Wood, Authony G. Wood, Thomas Moies,
N. 8, Collyer. Arnold Bucklin, Eleazer W. Barrows,
Sumner Fifield. Alfred H. Littlefield. Syra S, Humes,
Wm. H. Haskell, Samuel 8. Caliyer, E. L. Freeman,
Joseph Wood, E. E. Lapham, Geo. M. Johuson. James
B. Gooding. John A. Adams James M. Humes, Horatio
A. Humt
STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE
PLANTATIONS,
ProvinEnce ®sc.
In the town of Lincoln, in said county. on the second
day of October. A. D. 1571, rntunl!_\' appesred the
following named James H. Chace, Charles F. Wood,
Jouvathau Chace, Harvey Chace. Amold B Chace. Adin
E. Foilett, Mary A. Smith. Wm. J. Hood, George D
Jenks, Russcll Handy. Charles D. Bray. Edmund N
Clark, John L. Clark, Daniel W. Jenks, and made oath
to the truth of the aforegoing, and acknowledged the
=ame 10 be their free act and deed.
Before me.
ANDREW J. CURRIER, PPublic Notary.
ProviDINCE, SC. s
In the city of Providence, on the fifth day of October,
A. D, 1571, personally appeared Horatio A Huout, named
in the foregoing instrument by him signed. and ac
knowledged the same to be his tree act ané deed.
Before me,
D. T. LYMAN, Public Notary.
ProvIDENCE, sc., October 4th, A, D. 1871,
In the town of Lincolu and North Providence person
ally appeared the within named, Silas Steere, Jabez
Follett. Alanson P. Wood. Anthony G. Woed, Thomas
Moies, N. Collyer, Arnold Backlin, Elcazer W. Bar
rows, Sumner F’iﬁ'-ld. Alfred H. Littiefield. Sym S
Huawes, IJ'm. H.“Ho::elk‘ l;a-i::el s (,‘nlly(;. E L
Freeman, Jo i L L Geo, John
=on, James mﬂinz. John A. fhmum and Jafes M.
Humes, and made oath to the within, and scknowl
edged the same 1o be their free act and deod.
Before me.
FREDERICK N. GOFF, Pullic Notary.
Filed in the Town (‘lﬂ;‘- office. Lincoln, October
19th, A. D. 1871, at 9o'clock A. M, and recorded in a
hook kept in this office for recording certificates of
limited partneiships. Attest:
SAMUEL CLARK. Town Clerk.
Towx CrLerk's Orrice. LiNcows,
Uctober 3, 1871,
1 certify the aforegoing is true copy as appears of
record in this office. __Attest:
oct2W 1096 t SAMUEL CLARK, Town Clerk.
(F1.,00V L
together with a fine live of
GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS
GENERALLY. AT
S. R. PIERCE'S 16 Main Street,
f-61
PAWTUCKET. R L.
nov 10
OUR IMPORTATION OF
HYACINTHS,
TULIPS,
CROCUS,
AND OTHER
DUTCH FLOWERING BULRS,
'Us‘l‘ opened, and ean be relied on as
the best ever offered in this market. Descriptive
Catalogues sent free to any address. Al Buibs sont
frec by mail at catalogue prices.
W. s 1O aq,
octl3 o 173 Benefit St Providence. R
NO'FPIC Y.
\\YHEREAS. my wife, Elizabeih E.
Clark. has ieft my bed and bosrd withoat jost
cause, 1 hereby forbid eil persous trusting her on my
mt. as I will pay wo bilis of ber contracting after
te.
e GEORGE W. CLAKK
Lime Rock. R 1.. Nov. 6, 1571, 111-31* nov 10
NEW BEUCKWHEAT,
])LA'I"P'ﬂ AND COMMON, just received
and for salec by
novd 110-n J. G. FALES OO
[)URB CIDER VINEGAR of our own
wanufacture, for sale by
octis s U 4 J G FALES &CO
By order of Mortgazee.
W 5 Mill Street, Central Falls
Jackson Jrike,
Pook Binders
Blank Eook
MANUFACTU RELS
NO. 21 MILL SBTRFFY
FAWTUCKET, 1
ot 13
of o 7