natural proce? inmginsne rae great preacher j
let himself oat to bewail the destruction of
young men and eduoated women here for
want of employment suitable to the force and
Otlibre of tbeir natures. In the Brooklyn
Tabernacle Mr. Bartlett, of Chicago, told the
story of that ruined place. Bishop Littlejobn
and the Episcopalians of Brooklyn opened a
new chapel yesterday and held interesting
services. The above and other discourses
will be found in our colutnas to-day, and we
invite the earnest attention of our readers to
them.
The Ac n deny or Design.
Some months ago we called attention to the
Unsatisfactory management of our National
Academy of Design. Tho perils we then
oomplained of were admitted by gentlemen
high in authority, and our aid was invoked in
support of those who wished to remedy the
abnscs which we denounced. As the moment
is approaching when the works for the winter
exhibition will be presented for approval by
the Reception Committee, we wish to remind
the genUcuieu composing it of the dnty they
Owe to the public and to our national art
academy.
It has been the custom hitherto to admit,
almost indiscriminately, all works presented
for exhibition, without regard to their merit.
This was, no doubt, owing to the difficulty of
procuring a sufficient number of respectable
works to clothe decently the Academy walls,
ftnd it was thought better to fill the space with
bad paintings rather than make a confession of
weakness. We are of quite a different opin
ion. Au art academy, to be useful, must be
a school of correct taste, and allowing the
presence of inferior works within its sanctuary
lessens its authority both with people of taste
and with the masses. Perhaps the strongest
jreason why the Academy of Design has never
been really popular is that it has never deserved
to be so.
In the cultivation of a love for high art
among the American people the Aoademy of
Design has a <;rand mission and not a very
difficult OLe, if only the directors would exor
cise their better judgment in its management.
Reform must begin with the strict exclusion
of worthless paintings from exhibition. The
difference in point of quantity will be more
than made up by the absence of those sad
evidences of misspent time which offended
the eye in the summer exhibition. Nor would
l ie result (ail to be most advantageous to the
j: terosis of the Academy, for people of taste
?could then take some interest in its proceed
i gs. Confidence and respect would secure
1 vtronnge and public favor, and we might
t >pc to see a real influence exerted not alone
over public opinion, but over the work of in
dividual artists, which could scarcely fail to
be beneficial in its effects. Considering the
number ot gentlemen of really respectable
talent who are members of the Academy, the
little influence exerted by the body in matters
of art is surprising, and not at all creditable.
It is now, however, in their power to
change the state of feeling from indiffer
ence to interest and respect, and the way
to do so is to disassociate themselves
from the mass of mediocrity which has up to
this time been a dead weight upon their
efforts. We want to see the pruning knife ap
plied vigorously, so that when the winter ex
hibition opens we may be able to give
applause and support to an institution for
whose welfare we are sincerely anxious. Ex
amples enough are at hand to justify the mem
bers of the Academy setting themselves up In
tbeir own bouse as judges of what is worthy
of admission and what is not, and the closer
they draw the line the better. What has to be
clearly understood is that the public desire a
good exhibition rather than a large one, and,
keeping this fact steadily in mind, the com
mittee will do good service by excluding all
works that do not possess at least respect
able merit.
In our last article on this subject we
warned both the academicians and the ex
hibitors that we shall in future treat with scant
Courtesy such works as cannot show good
reason for intruding themselves on publio
notice io the Academy exhibitions. We renew
this promise of attention, but hope steps will
be taken to disarm criticism. But our duty to
the public and our attachment to the interests
of art alike demand that we protest against a
repetition of the mistakes of former years.
We hope that the academicians will insist
on eomo merit in ail works admitted within
their walls, no matter how small may be the
resulting collection.
The Confederate Gexkkal Imiioden ex
presses the opinion that the true history of the
battle of Gettysbnrg will not be written until
some prominent actors in the Confederate
drama, now living, shall pass away. Does
this point to Jeff Davis?
Porsonal Intelligence.
E. Vailez, Secretary of tlie SpauUh Legation, is
St tue Albemarle.
Bishop Young, of Florida, is staying at tlie Cole
man.
General Hatch, of the United States Arm;, is
again at tlie Hoffman.
Jndge C. U. hanford, or Connecticut, yesterday
arrived at tne Grand Ceui, f 1.
judge R. U llurd, of Ohio, is among the lato
arrival* at tue St. Nicholas.
Bishop yuintard, of Tennessee, Is sojourning at
the ooicntan.
H. B. GooJyear, of New llaven, is at the St.
James.
General \f. N. caler, o! Illinois, is quartered at the
St. Nicholas.
Dr. F. w. Fisher, ot Omaha, is at the Grand
Central.
WSAIHER EEPOar.
War Department,
Office of the Chief signal officer,
Washington, Oct. 30 1 A. M.
for tM rwt T>Der\tv-nmr Ilonr.i.
The highest barometer Is over Virginia and Penn
sylvania, with northwesterly w nds on tlie New
England coast, anu northeast winds on the
South Atlantic. Tho lowest barometer is
probably In Wisconsin, with brisk northwest
wiuds rrom Minnesota to Kansas, and southerly
winds from Lake Superior southwaru. Cloudiness
extends irom Texas to Alabama and Illinois.
ProbabUitiM.
Rising t>aronioter with pleasant weather is probable
for New Kngiand on Monday; falling barometer,
with easterly winds and increaalng cloudi
ness, from North Carolina to Florida; cloudy
and threatening weather from Alabama to lndiaua
and westward; south and southwesterly wiuds
cn the lower lakes, Tno disturbance in
Wisconsin has moved northeast ward, with
brisk winds on Lake Michigan, veeriun from south
(o north est.
Cautionary signals are ordored for Grand Haven,
Chicago and Milwaukee.
UTAH.
Herald Special Reports from
Salt Lake City.
The Latter Day Reign of Terror
Overthrown at Last!
The Clutches of the Law Closing on the
Bloodstained Saints.
WELLS, STOUT AND KIMBALL IN JAIL
Brigham and Joseph Yonng and
Orson Hyde Fugitives
from Justice.
EXCITEMENT AT FEVER HEAT.
A Mormon Zealot Attempts to
Murder Marshal Patrick.
The Arch Assassins To Be Ar
raigned To- Day.
MORE ABOUT THE HAWKINS CASE.
The Saints Look Upon Him
as a Martyr.
A CHASE AFTER HYDE.
Exciting Cross-Country Run at the Heels
of the Runaway Elder.
The special despatches we published yes
terday gave an interesting review of the
opening phases of the crusade that has just
been inaugurated in the interest of justice of
justice, alas so long delayed? in Salt Lake
City against the bloodthirsty "Saints" who
for nearly a generation have ruled by terror
ism and murder. The following additional
particulars give many supplementary and a
few later details, and form a continuation to
the previous telegrams, but they were re
ceived at too late an hour yesterday morn
ing to be printed in Sunday's issue
Salt Lake City, Oct. 28, 1871.
THE CASE 07 HAWKINS.
We have again had an exciting day in this
city. This morning sentence was passed
upon Thomas Havrkins, found guilty of
adultery under the Territorial laws. The
sentence Is three years' hard labor in the
Penitentiary and $500 fine.
Hawkins has been lodged in the prison at
Camp Douglas under military guard. His
case comes up again on Monday morning
before Judge McKean on application for his
release on bail until an appeal is decidcd
before the Supreme Court. It is probable
that he will be allowed his liberty by giving
$10,000 bail to await final judgment.
Hawkins' sentence is regarded as an act of
persecution by the Mormons by other classes
it is regarded in the light of an example some
what lenient. The sentence has produced a
deep commotion in Mormon circles, tbe ef
fect of which cannot be justly measured nor
clearly foreseen.
ARREST OF MAYOB WILLS.
But the more intense excitement of this af
ternoon, caused by the arrest of Major Daniel
H. Wells, one of the Presidents of the Church
of Latter Day Saints, on an indictment
found by the Grand Jury for murder, together
with the arrest of Judge Hosea Stout and Wil
liam Kimball, prominent citizens, on the
same grounds, has quite put in the shade the
Hawkins case.
wells' crime.
Wells is charged with the murder of one
Richard Yates, a mountain trader, who was
killed in the Mouth Weber Canyon and
robbed of $900 in 1857.
STOUT A DOUBLE MURDERER.
Stout is indicted for the same offence, and
a second indictment charges him with the
murder of another man.
A DANITE ACCESSORY.
Kimball is accused of being accessory to
the murder of a man called Buck, who was
killed in 1858, a couple of miles from this
city.
TBE EXAMINATION.
Wells and Stout were brought before Judge
McKcan this afternoon, but, it being late, the
discussion of tbe right of the Court to admit
them to bail was postponed until Monday
morning.
TUB MORMON POLICE MUTINOUS.
They were then taken to the United States
Marshal's office, followed by a large crowd,
among which wero all the city police, some of
whom said that Mayor Wells should not go to
Camp Douglas unless he wished but there
was no difficulty or disturbance.
TIID SAINTLY PRISONERS IN JAIL.
Finally, carriages having been obtained,
the accused were taken by Marshal Patrick
to Camp Douglas and placed in an empty
building, ovor which two sentries were placed
by General Morrow.
HOW THEY ARE TREATED.
They have plenty of blankets from tho
hosnital and a cheerful Ore. and thev arc in a
comfortable situation*. Mayor Wells accom
panies and shares tbe quarters with the
others by conscnt of the .Marshal. They will
be brought down on Monday to be present in
Court for arraignment.
TUB EXCITEMENT INCREASING.
These arrests hare caused unusual excite*
ment in the city. The news is just spreading
about, and is steadily increasing the feeling.
ANOTHER ARREST.
One Meachaln, indicted for tbe murder in
which Kimball is alleged to be implicated,
was arrested a few days ago 1G0 miles south
of here and brought to Camp Douglas, where
he is incarcerated. When caught he was
found secreted in a stack of straw.
ORSON HYDE FLOWN.
Orson Hyde, a prominent member of the
Church, for whom a warrant of arrest for
murder had been issued, esoaped from tho
Officers after a chase of six miles.
THE SAINTS ON THE ALEBT.
It is difficult now to make arrests in the
southern part of the Territory. The presence
of United States officers is known to the com
munity with telegraphic oelerity, and the ac
cused escape capture with little difficulty, be
ing early apprised of the offioer coming.
BRIGHAM YOUNG A FUGITIVE.
Brigham Young was at Boaver, two hundred
and fifteen miles south of this city, on Friday
morning, and was still going south.
iie "flies by NianT."
He seems to travel by night, for some rea
son or other. He will probably stop at St.
George, the extreme southern settlement near
the Arizona frontier.
HE WILL HIDE FOB TIIE WINTEIl.
It is thought that he will not return here
before spring, if then.
A SAINTLY ASSASSIN.
A fanatical fellow attempted to shoot Mar
shal Patrick in the street this evening, but the
Marshal seized tbe pistol, arrested him and
took him to the lockup at the City Hall.
THE MORMON PRISONERS.
Visit of the Lay Members of the Chureh to
Their Saintly Eiders In Cainp? Tho Trial
ToaDay^Jadge McKeaa Likely to Take
Bail? Drigliam Young's Heglra.
Salt Lake, Oct. 29, 1871.
THE EXCITEMENT AMONG THE MOKMONS.
The excitement over the arrest of Mayor
Wells. Judge Stone and Bill Kimball has
somewhat disappeared from the surface, but
there is still a very deep feeling exhibited
by the Mormon community. The minor
Mormon organ, the Herijd, is ex
tremely wrathy. It characterises the ar
rest of Wells m another link In the
chain of conspiracy aimed at the very exist
ence of the Mormon people. It thinks that the
United States Attorney is determined to have,
if not convictions, at least public odium cast
upon the leading men of the community. It
says the indictments were all found on the
testimony of a notorious desperado Bill
Hickman now at Camp Douglas, whom the
Herald asserts committed all the crimes.
bill hickman's case.
For many years Bill Hickman was one of
the leaders of the Saints, and a very useful
tool of the Church. He is now, of course,
cast aside, and receives all the blame and
hard names.
The prosecution professes to have ample
corroborating testimony to obtain convictions.
GRAND RECEPTION BT THE PRISONERS.
To-day the prisoners, with the consent of
General Morrow, have been visited by their
Mormon friends. A continued stream of
wagons has been pouring in and out of Camp
Douglas, and men and women, to the nnmber
of at least a thousand, have visited the ac
cused. Indeed, appearances at their quarters
would suggest that a great statesman or war-
rior was giving a reception, so great was the
crowd. A11 the leading Mormons called, of
course, and tendered their sympathies, and
many subsequently visited General Morrow,
who had a very free and frank exchange of
views with them in regard to the situation.
His ideas evidently made a certain impression
upon them.
THE PRISONERS SATISFIED.
The accused express themselves satisfied
with their accommodations, which are the
best the camp affords. They are all supplied
with comfortable beds and have plenty to eat.
THE TRIAL TO-DAY.
To-morrow they will bo brought before
Judge McLean for arraignment, when applica
tion will be made to the Judge to admit them
to bail, as their trial is not likely to come off
before the spring term of the Court. By a
Territorial act the Judge has discretion to
admit to bail persons accused even of murder.
If they are released on bail tho amount re
quired will be very heavy and sufficient to
produce them when required. It is possible
that they will be so admitted, as under the
circumstances nothing is to be loat by the
policy.
MEEKNESS AMONG TnE ELDERS,
At the Tabernacle to-day all tho sermons
were singularly wanting in their usual fea
ture?abuse of the Gentiles and vilification of
the United States authorities. One elder
Btarlod out on the beaten track, but ho was
checked, and then devoted himself to the
praises of polygamy and the condemnation of
adultery and fornication. Tho services were
unusually tame.
bbigbam's iikoira.
Brighnm Young is still going southward.
but the Mormon paper*' dcny thal h? 19 flc?ing
to avoid arrest. He ta oer/^
a country where no warrant v. *D 8e*rc<*
unless backed by troops.
norra FROM HOOPER.
Great things are expected from Hooper
Washington.
The Fugitive Eldcrn RpIbmIu*? Elder
Cannon and Junior Yeaif Bwk?
Onion Hyde Still Misainc.
Salt Lake, Oct. 29, 1871.
RETURN OF ELDER CANNON.
Elder George Q. Cannon arrived this morn
ing from San Francisco and preached
this afternoon in the large Tabernacle
to an audience numbering at least ton
thousand. He counselled bis hearers
to ab9taiu from any act of vio
lence, and to submit to tho law.
God would protect tbom and deliver
them from their persecutor*. Tho crusade
against them, he said, would only strengthen
them and glorify them. In the end their
Ohuroh could not be overturned. Their faith
was the inspiration of the Divine Spirit, and
it would endure forever.
SPEECH OF ELDER PRATT.
Elder Pratt was not so conservative. He
did not want any whining judge to Bay to him,
as he did to Hawkins, "I am sorry for yon."
He wanted no sympathy from any federal
official. He was ready to go to Jail
for twenty years, but did not want any pity
from such a source. He predicted that God
would totally overthrow and annihilate the
present persecutors of the Mormon people.
ORSOH HTDE'S HIDING PLACE.
Nothing further has been heard from Orson
Hyde, the apostle it is thought he has gone
to Arizona or Mexico.
RETURN OF JOSEPH YOUNO.
Joseph A. Toung, a son of Brigham, has
returned to the city, bat he is not yet arrested.
CUBA.
Troops from 8pain.
UlECRAIW TO THE NEW YORX HESALO.
Havana, Oct. 28, 1871.
The steamer Isla do Cuba arrived yesterday at
Santiago do Cuba with troops rrom Spain.
TIIK OKMKTEKY.
Tlie corner stone oi toe new cemetery will be laid
here to-morrow.
THE PACIFIC COAST.
Arrest of Los Angeloa Itlotera? Shipment* of
Wiieot? Petition in Favor of (General Crook's
Policy of Flgiitins the Indiana.
San Francisco, Oct. 28, 1871.
Eight more or the Los Angeloe rioters have been
arrested. The better portion of the community ih
determined to enforce the law and punish the
rioters.
The shipments of California wheat abroad this
oaa o 470.000 centals. The available
surplus now in the State is estimated at do, 000 tons.
A petition has been bent to the President from the
Citizens of Arizona to allow General Crook to pur
sue the Apache campaign uninterrupted by Peacc
Commissioners, which embodies a list of the Indian
robberies and murders, tilling three columns ol tho
largest paper on the Pacific coast.
Kdward Ilertei, a portrait painter, committed
suicide to-day by shooting.
Verdict of the Coroner'* Jury In the T.os
Angelei Riot? Indian It Hid on Arizona.
San Francisco, Oct. M, 1871.
The coroner's Jury at Los Angeles found a ver
dict against a large number of portions of all
nationalities participating In the riot and murder
of tho Chinese, and ncalnst a number of others
for expressing sympathy and encouraging tlieui.
The Anachcs made a raid on the settlement of
Kirklund, Arizona, and were repulsed by tue
settlers.
Arrived ship imperial from Baltimore.
NEW YORK CITY.
Rev. James O'Leary, D. D., will deliver a lecture
this evening lti Cooper Institute on tho subject
"Shall France and Ireland Despair
A gang of thieves have put in appearance near
the Barclay street ferry. They prowl round the
ferry entrance or stand under tue awnings near
the corner of West an-J Barclay streets. The watch
man at the Terry told one or tltero "to clear" the
other night, when the robber wnistled and soon
had a lew rh^Nth on hand. Tliey were soon
scattered, however, the watchman coolly telling
them that be was a genuine "thief killer." The
thieves, however, are to bo seen in the vicinity
constantly.
The body of the man found floating in the dock
foot of pier No. 6 North River on Saturday after
noon was yesterday recognized as that of John
i. barles B. Elliman, late credit clerk in oDe of our
leading banking houses. On the evening of the 18th
instant deceased left his place of business and In
Wost street parted with some mends. Intending to
take the boat for his home In .New Brighton, Staten
Islaul, and was not arterwards seen alive by Ills
Trleuds. The supposition is that while on the pier
he staggered and fell overboard and was drowned.
Deceased was twenty -two years of age and a native
of New York.
Mr. George Fields, a roan seventy years of age,
and a native of this State, died at French's ilotel
about four o'clock yesterday morning. Some three
weeks ago deceased arrived In this city from ills
heme in New Berlin, Chenamro county, N. v., and
has since been suffering from dlarrmea, general de
bility, Ac. Mr. Fields, a gentleman of flue educa
tion and business acquirements, sorno years ago was
cashier oi the Williamsburg city liank; but meeting
wifi reverses in fortune bccame inucn reduced in
circumstances. Deceased nas left a widow and two
daughters living lu this city. His remains will be
taken to New Berlin for Interment, coroner lierr
man held an Inquest on the body.
THE TEXAS ELEOTION.
Oai-vkston, Texas, Oct. 29, 1871.
A bulletin special irom Austin says that the cer
tificate of election Is withheld rroin Clarke, it is
understood the whole matter will be mened to
Washington.
YELLOW FEVER IN THE 80UTH.
CUAllLESTOV, Oct. 29, 1871.
There were four deaths from yellow fover during
the past twenty-lour hours la Charleston.
VlCKSBURO, Oct. 29, 1871.
There are three new cases of yellow fever to-day.
No deaths lor the past forty-eight hours. Thirty
cases under treatment.
NATCHKZ, Oct. 29, 1871.
Fever abatiug. One hundred and any oases are
under treatment. Tliere have been about sixty
deaths since September 18.
THE SMALLPOX IN PHILADELPHIA,
I'll IIA DELPHI A, OCt. 29, 1871.
The weekly health report shows thero were 86
deaths from smallpox, being a siignt increase over
last week. The number of cases have largely In
creased since last report, and the disease u suil con
Cued to tUo Twentieth ward.
AN ACCUSED MAN EXPLAIN8.
William A. Adams, who was arrested In .New
York about two weeks ago, sends a communication
to this paper objecting to the term "notorious
thief" being used in reference to lum. A man
named Spear, who preferred the charge of burglary
against him, withdrew it ami substituted tticrelor a
charge of petty larceny, on which Adams was in
carcerated for ten days lu the Hudson county jail
and then discharged. It appears that .spear oc
casionally trusted Adams with considerable sums
of mouey, irom which It would scom tlwt Uo was
Uot so uotorioua a* buuar aliened
LITERATURE.
CRITICISMS OF NEW BOOKS.
War anp Weatiiku, or Tn* Artificiai. PROnrd
tion ok Kain. By Edward Powers, c. E. ,s. cl
Griggs A Co.: Chicago.
The object of the publication or this tittle book is to
'all attention to an idea tliat has long existed in the
"tiar mind in almost every country in the civilised
world %Ud yet wl,lcl1 aPPearH never to have attracted
the ic'rlou aUentl0U ?r tU0 scientific worUl. The
idea put for* *r<1 bJ VowoT* m Wo, k- ,Uat the
firing of cannot pr?fceg no c,ulni 10
novelty; but this g ^nt,eu,afl ba8, tKuke" the troi,l"?
to collect evidence in 8Upport of the
t notion an Importance it
must glvo to the populu
this moment the dls'iis
dld not before possess. At
.1 produce rain has an
slon of the question how to
interest for the whole populatlo. t
cult to overrate, in view of the '"s 1,1
have lallcn on a portion ol our i 1 ory roIU
oontinuetl drought. Indeed It k." ^uo 11
all clear that the dangerous theo/*. J"1?
forward some years ago by Professor Espy ,a
the lignting of large fires would produce
has not been the primary cause of the disaster*
wlilcn have rallen on Michigan and Wisconsin, by
inducing some of the farmers to set Are to the
woods as an experiment. This pernicious and
foolish theory Is now, however, set at rest forever;
for, had there been any truth In it, sufficient rain
must have been disengaged to have extinguished
the Ores long betore they took the terrible propor
tions which they finally assumed. In the work
hefore us there is not much advanced with which
the general reader Is unacquainted; nor beyond the
mere loglo of facts which the author has collected
and Imperfectly arranged, is there much demon
stration or the truth of the theory propounded. The
author is thoroughly conscious of his weakness, and
confines himself to pointing to facts which call lor
further investigation. Be feels (and he is
right) that the subject is of sufficient importance
to call ror action on the part of the authorities. As
he very Justly observes, the Storm Signal Bureau
is for the benefit chiefly of the mercantile body, but
the whole population is indirectly interested In its
operation. In tne same way the experiments, which
he calls for with the object or establishing some
system to produce ruin at pleasure, would princi
pally be of Importance to the agricultural popula
tion, but then the interest of the nation is oioaeiy
bound up with the prosperity of this class of pro
ducers. In support of his theory that H Is possible
to oompel rain at will by the disturbance caused In
the atmosphere by heavy discharges or artuiery, he
cites a great nnmber or instauces in which rain has
followed battles in seasons or great drought, when its
fall could only be accounted ror by atmospheric dis
turbance due to neavy cannonading. Tho most
noteworthy instanco adduced Is at the battle of
liuena Vista, in Mexico, In 1*47, where, artor the
engagement of the first day, several heavy
showers fell, tho same result happening
on the second day, though no rain had fallen at the
place for several months previously, nor did any rail
for some months afterwards. This is but one exam
ple among many with which Mr. Powers supports
his case, ana ccrtainly the facts, as luld down in
his interesting little work, deserve the utmost atten
tion.
In approaching the question why tho firing of can
non produces this effect, Mr/ Powers no longer
speaks with decisive aut*srity, and at best offers us
but speculations, some or which are, no doubt,
well rounded, but still require the confirmation
which only an extended coursn or experiments can
give them. Mr. Powers advances his opinions mod
erately, and carerully avoids drawing exaggerated
conclusions. lie holds that electricity acts an lm
poitant part in tho production or rain, and that this
force Is produced by the explosion or the guu
charge. He says:?
"Klectrtclty is regarded as ono of the forms or force,
and certainly in tue discharge of a battery of artil
lery an immense lorce Is brought Into action, t rie
turn Is one ol the means by wiiich forcc la couverted
into and made to produce electricity; and If two
batteries or artillery are placcd opposite each other
and at Bailable I'tstauce apart and llrcd simulta
neously, cau it be doubted that friction will be pro*
duced by the particles of the air moving over each
other and that electricity will be developed ir"
Further on be argues from the effect ol' amilery
discbarges In causing water spouts to dissolve that
a similar efltect can be produced on the clouds in the
upper regions. To quote bis own words:?
?These considerations suggest that th? effect of
artilierjr firing on a horizontal current or moving
stratum of air may be very groat, the greatest effect
being directly above tue place where i lie firiug takes
place. Such a current, being necessarily in equilib
rium with the air above and below It, would yield
to the slightest force, and it may easily be consid
ered that the concussion or a number of cannon,
bred simultaneously, would cause It to sway
upward, and Unally, If tue tiring were
continued, to break up." It would certainly
be worth the trouble and expense to set this
Important question at rest. ir indeed nature can bo
compelled to weep sweet rerunning tears at the bid.
ding or the cannon, that internal engine of man's
wrath will have tief< re it a nobler destiny than
belching death on armed battalions, and tne voice
which nan become associated with suffering and
crime will become sweeter to the ear than the coo
ing of the dove.
Many objections might be urged to the theory ad
vanced, and the most powerful one Is the fact that
ram does not ulways fall after battles. The explana
tion offered by the author on this point is decidedly
weak, but though be may not have been able to im
agine the proper solution of the difficulty, experi
ments properly conducted woulu be abtc to settle
the question satisfactorily. At all events, It is of
sufficient importance to merit the attention of the
government, and our thanks are due to Mr. Power
for the careful manner in which he has worked out
his subject.
Comstoce'8 Elocution asd Monm. Speaker. New
edition. Philadelphia: J. li. Peterson A Brothers.
Tills new edition or the lato Dr. Andrew Com
stock's well known system or theoretical and prac
tlcal elocution comprises "A complete Speaker and
Readiug Book," by Professor Philip Lawrence, of
Philadelphia. The selection of "gems by the best
authors In prose and verse" seems to have been
carefully made. Dr. Comstock's boon is Illustrated
by 203 engravings. The part relating to gesture is
extracted principally from Austin's "Chiromanla,"
a work too bulky, expensive and rare for ordinary
students. Like all compilers of similar publications
Dr. Comstock drew largely upon Lavater and Rush,
and in particular npoo Siddon's translation of
Engel's "Gesture and Action," which is full of good
things, but has no principle of classification.
Nearly every troatise on elocution is moreiy em
pirical. What is wanted is not a collection of em
pirical rules, but a system of positive principles,
fonnded upon a profound study of human naiuro.
The manuscripts of the late lamented Deisarte
doubtless contain such a system, and Its publica
tion by Mr. James Steele MacKaye, or some other
favorite pupil of the celebrated French elocutionist,
would be heartily welcomed by ihe public.
LITERARY CHIT-CHAT.
A New Work on "Longevity of Man,'' by W. J.
Thorns, has Just appeared In London. Nobody
nowadays can expect to live long enough to read a
millionth part of what has been written aud pre
served.
Campbell, tiie Late Lord Chancellor of Eno
lanp, wrote thus in tho last volume of his "Lives of
the Chief Justices:"? "So essential did I consider an
index to be to every book that I proposed to bring
a bill into Parliament to deprive an author who pub
lishes a book without an index or the privilege of
copyright." Yet the samo Lord Campbell pub
lished the first edition of his "Lord Chancellors,"
In seven volumes, without a vestige of an index.
Marie Skkbach, the German tragedienne, has
made a contract with tho Prtase or Vienna to
write fltty letters descriptive ol America ror that
paper.
Frances Burnet (Madame D'Arblay) received for
the copyright or her novel "Evelina" Jtut flvtj
pounds. What would ihe Miss Uraddous and Miss
Alcotts, who couut their receipts L>y the live thou
sand to ten thousand dollars, think of such couit en
aatlon lor literary work 1
A Premium of $2,ooo Is offered by the Now York
Mercantile Journal Company tor the itcstcieiocniary
treatise upou "Political Ecoi?oiay,'? for Uoe lu public
schools.
Mrs. 8. W. Lawrence tiunt (Miss Halite Ward),
of Louisville, Is said to ue writing "Tuc History of a
Belle,"
ri'iiE Late Mr. Strange, hookaellor, of London,
publisher of FiQa.ro, once printed a little book called
"The Unclaimed Dividends of the Bank ot Kng.
I laud," giving m iiaiilpUabotQf nauics (Uosujil* to
Mm credit or earn person. Tn* manuscript n tf
Mid, he procured by mere accident, and the demand
for the book sold 80, 000 copies In two years at |j
a copy. This wua almost wholly prom, a* there wu
no copyright, and the book could be procured only
of Mr^ Strange, thus saving booksellers' com mis
*i on 8. The snug for'unc thus made was tost in other
I k'to profitable ventures.
LoHu 11 iron, tu one of his leiwrs, described
1 the learned Poison In after dinner company as "re
1 clung, or rather vornitinir, pagi* of all language*.
and hiccoughing Greek like a Heio'."
1 Ahasa vvai.kkr'* excellent work on political
j economy, "Tho Science of Wealth, is to t?e con
densed by the author and printed by Llppiitcott.
Puofkhsor Ja m km C. Moffat has written and
MeH.-,rjj. Dodd A Mead will publish, "A Comparative
History of Religions."
Hkniiv a. vvi.sb, ex Governor of Virginia, um
written a book (ailed ",s ?ven Decades of t!ie Knifed
States," m which politics, history and otner topics,
arc handled at loiigvn.
A (omi-i.ktb Oatalooi'r of Books published to
the United States, from ii ;ti to l?7l, ha< been com
pllod by James Kelly, mid published by J?hu Wiley
Son.
"Homo vbrsp.h Darwin*^ is the title of a teamed
I refutation of "The Descent ot M.wi, to.be reprtuted
I by Cluxton, Kenwon ,fe lioflolttMger.
A TRANSLATION OF THAT fllMltahle WOFk lljr
Di,T>nis, "Tho Origin of all Keiigloutf Woiufclp," bivt
been Wide by Charles U. W. Alili ei, o; Mew 4jri?&iw,
and la l,e published shortl/.
Dr. Is vac I. Hays luu a now vo'u?r?e at UmwoI m
tlio press Harpers ouiitlod "A l'eiMonal^.ai'<*Uve
oi Observation au 1 Advcntuio in Green??uu."
Mu. flt-tntu lN T"K Just-issued tenth usinbor at
"Fors ciavlgei V writes that, though often iuvltu?r
to visit America,'-.110 always dec linos, beoauwo 00
"oould not endure ?.*von for l wo month*, to Uve in
country so minora as to possess no castles." Na
doubt tae fastidious vntloinan, wbo, uot long tuno*
expressed lus ardent *,Kl1 t0 burn "P Ncw
greatly pleased at the c vuilagratlon of Chicago..
Tiik rale JBaniun of ti Kar nlves fuller lists an*
Information than over, l 1 l,,w t,ic rotl caU of ft111 U1?
secret organizations, eatln societies, boating olute^
Ac., of the College, as well a-1 ttl? customary list*
the faculty and students. Tls &et ?P> too> 18 ver*
good, Indeed quite artistic. 'I ho Utile designs accoi?
panlng the notices of the "M embers oi the fting,"
and "Tho Heathen," are singu. "J"'' drawn, and
have a groat deal of sly fun in nem.
Tna Catholic Publication 8. K7J!T?r a1lreft,'J
published their "Illustrated C. taualiy Al
manac" for 1872. It is well prinu we.11 Wuwtratcif
ami well stored wltn useful Info TR1atlon. It will
doubtless have, as it deserves, a iar. ??le?
NEW PUBLICATIONS EEC ^IVED.
From Chapman A Hall, London:? "1'be Lite
John Sterling" and "Oliver Cromwell's Letters and
Speeches," volume 1., by Thomas Cnrlyle.
From Harper A Prothers:? "Tho Ancien History
of the East," i.j Philip Smith, D. A.
From James It. Osgood A Co.:? "The Pre.
Gods," by Florence Mnrryatt.
From J. M. Stoddart A Co., Phtladelp
?"Ciotilde; or, the Secret or Three Genera ta ,nV*
from the 1'rencU of Alexandre de Pontniartin,
Kato c. Barton.
I-Tom Hurd and Houghton:--' *LlUle Jakey," w
Mrs. S. 11. de Kroyfl.
KD KLUX IN LOUISIANA.
Murder of a New Yorker? Arrest of HI*
Alleged llu Kluxes.
Nbw Orlkans, Oct 20, 1871.
Alfred Shelby, Armsted C. Qulnn, C. C. Nash, R.
Houston, Samuel Hardin and C. Ilenn, of Grant
parish, were arrested by government detectives
under tho Ku Rlux bill and brought before Commis
sioner Weller. They wero committed to the parted
prison, charged by William K. Hint lips with having
killed Delos W. Wnlte. ttecorder of Grant parish, al
Coliax, on September ?5. Mr. White was fro -i
Fiusnlng, N, i.
THE KU KLUX IN ALABAMA.
Testimony Deftrc the Riub-'J?nnltt?? la
OemniMlli).
Drvopour, Ala., Oct. 29, 1871.
The Sub committee on Ku Klax Outrages fl
Journed last evening, alter sitting In tma place Cor
six days and examining thirty -six persons, most of
whom testified In relation to aOatr* m this ami ad
joining connftes. General Orawford, commanding
the Halted statea forces la Alabama, oecnpMd ona
day and testified concerning the condition or th?
whole Sui to ami gave special acconuts lrom about
thirty different places. Ihe committee *o henco to
Livingston, Ala., where tney will stay about m
week.
QUAKER CITTCOREUPTION.
A rtrmt of the ?uibezzlln?r Broker of Pbllsdfl*
pbla City Bonds.
Phi la on, phi a, Oct 20, 1871.
Charles T. Terxes, Jr., the broker, deputed by Mr.
Treasurer Marcer to sell the city's bonds, tod
through whose fiillure the city Is said to lose nearl*
h.ilt a million dollars, has been held In $50,000 ball
on a charge of embezzling the city's fuuds, and Uk
$o0,u00 bail on a charge of larceny as bailee.
8TABBINQ AFFRAYS.
Dennis McCarthy, of 3.14 Front street, wo*
stabbed In the back at one o'clock yesterday, on th*
corner of Ridge and Division streets, by John bnittn^
or No. 9 Ridge street. McCarthy is now ljring la K
dangerous condition at Ills resulenoe.
James Lamb gut Into a dlflleulty with some work~
man last night, In East Twelfth street, be
tween First and Second avenues, and wiur>
dangerously wounded by his antagonist. He in
fused to make any complaint of the aiTalr to ttar
police and was sent to lleilevue Hospital for aiteotV
auce.
A.? rba!ou'? Mew Pert'innM,
"1 LOVE YOU"
?nd "WHITE KIWK."
A.? Herring's I'a'ont
CHAMPION 3APES,
?iil Uron I way, oirnir M irriyKPit
A A 4 .?~Tt oebucU's Weather Wrltwi, W9
Fulton street belt, most r tillable anil always th? cheapest.
A.? Wnitn' Nrrvmw Antidote, tbo Infallible
remi.lv tor rheumatinm. neuralgia auii pain. A Wkapoonftd
will convince you. Try It.
AnKell'N Tnrklah Bnih, Lrtlinron 4venn?t
corner Twenty-fifth s'reet.? Furri'shad Rooms; excel' jal
tul.le; tllnncr at 2: n'-ntlfiiipn'n bath* day and night; la ?at*
Turkish and electric batba day and evening.
Democratic Itoform Nomination*.
ANTl-TAMMANk'.
For Justin of the Supreme 'Joarl,
(IfcORilE C. BAKHb.IT.
For Jniltfe* ol the (superior Court.
WILLIAM K. CURTIS, JOHN 8KDUW10K.
For Judge of the Court or Common Pleas,
CIIARLES P. DALY.
For Justice of the Murine Court,
ALEXANDER SPAULU1NU.
For Roaster,
FRANK 81(1 EL.
JNflanisqiini Mprlnu Water tilven InataMaat*
ous relief m diseases or tbo knlt.evs ?nti Madder.
JOHN F. HENRY, No. College place.
"Tlk'-'s Toothache Drop*" Cure In On? Ttla*
ute.- HILL'S HAIR Di E. tilack or brown, ooi. Jc uenU.
Royal Havana lottery.?' The fll?tie*t, Ratea'
paid tor Doubloons, all kmd.4 of liolit ani livvi
TAYLOR A CO., Uao tors, 11 Wall i.Met, Nfcsv fork.
?ate'nwny A- i^onV _
CIRAND, SQUARE AND UPRIGHT PL*N08
were awarded^ ORANf) (K)Ln ?F
WORLD'S FA lit, PARIS, 1WI7, AND I*].
Ths STKINWAY PIANOS are universal v. concede! to bo
THK LEADINU FIRST CL.ASf PKANO
now before the public. Theso Instruments are pre'erred-s
nil others by the most celeurated planuts. Miey are used br
sll iho principal concert troupe* when.-vir jtikdnabia, The*
have a trulv ??worldwide" reputation, Mlr/g largely eiporteck
to Eumpe ami all pai m of the oivltfseu rrorid, s?vl th ey er?
sought to t>e Imitated by Marly all A" *,1oan ami rluropeaA
piano niaki rn.
stei.nway a hoks' mammoth thancvactory
ll the most perfectly arranged and e-.tansive nuablistimantt
of its kind in the w-jrld. toapubltsbM otllcial wvenuf. r??
turns having iwreaiod the fact that -'the artp>mt of *t><*lv
yearly sales eice ^tliuso ol the to^laelarge** i4ano makai*
of New York combined.
Sl'LlNVV AY n SONi call arccial attention to their
NEW PATENT UPRUHT PIAJIUB,
with double iron frams, l'at'.ot Kesoiv-^or anA rulutlar
Kmme sction, which are Tiatclilea-? in VWURM *n I |tia|ity of
tone and tturpi-ulun I'aotHtv of action, wild* Stan Hit; ImiKer
In tune and Doing more Impsrrfotis to atmisspborw li.Muencua
tban any oth^r puno at preaant maniu^ctured. f
fcVRRY PIAN(? WARR.lL NT ED F >R FIVE YEAR8.
Prl-o? ?a low as the eielaslve uae ot tb? bast jmtor,*N nr^|
molt thorough workman ship wi.l permit. Old. plaroc L?w^?
In exch^nye, and .i:ustr'i.ted catMocuea, w'tU ps^M ilwju
mailed free "i applioatt. it.
W ARK ROOMS STEINWAY II ALL,
109 and 1U East Fourteenth stn:et, .hew Y?rt.
Tlio New Dli?lnt'*>ctaiit? llrnmo^t'hlomlnntt
non^olM)Dous and '?dor!ess, tlesiroys dl >A^re?*a>la o<lor*
and preventa contagion, Ptspared onjj b/ TTLt>^S a C(
17t> William street. New York. Suld'jy dr.n^isis.
The WiNon suuttle ??ewinn .UaAinc- Tlt?
teitand ohn m?is1 llritt ol\st ma#iun% To tho wori.l art.: a
IroiA^lat.j^nJ; on/ payui ?ut<. S>)-iir wnlfi Bc.nU.if
I'd?l|>ltn Watfr's t'cyivhrnt^d Sclieidaaa
PCHNAIH'S.-Tho ImmacM popularity 0f the world-re
BO wnad A RO M A riO SCIIiTdam SCHNAPPS, of Udoluli?
Wolfe, New York, has refK.iUtl I? frequent attempts of lata
at eounterfalting l.f person^ who wish to tlnd eaia
for an 'oferlor ai-Ii-jI?. T^F, wonderful diuretic has been
pronounced by thousand^ ?,t th, |e,4ing ptiyaiclans in tba
country ai ithe P^raat m? ticln at restorative offered for aale.
u t Kn bottles aud lor sale Uj ail vUtuutiM*