“2
BRITISH TOPI@S:
BE LF
SUETRARINI EN YY IN pres he heli HNN. hI hh
ARTIFICIAL WATERWAYS.
(FROM. THE REGULAR sap (RAY OF DE
Lownox, Oet. ‘great part of thb signifi
cance, or rather of the practical importance of the new
slliance betwen Pears aA Sockingpen has disap
peared with the ptibowsion’of the ‘dBatements or
both sides. We know before from separate letters, tha
most of the Peers and Membersof Parlament repudiated
the fumbus seven propositions. What they actually
asseuted to is something totally different. There is not
THE NEW SOCIAL MOVEMENT IN MNGL
a Tory or a Liberal in the United Kingdom who
might not adhere to the memogandum now published
without fsttering in the least degree his political action.
The memorandum was drawn up by a clever politician.
It scems to pledge the signers of it to something. In
reality it pledges them to nothing. They take a general
interest in improving the condition of the warklugmen,
but reserve to themselves unfettered discretion in the
manner of showing it,
Their Rulsupuk yim published on Wednesday. On
Thursday the of Workingmen put forth a de
tailed narrative. The net result of their story is ihat
they have been, I will not say cheated, but completely
misled. The least attention to dates proves that, inde
pendently of their allegation that they were distinctly
given to understand that the Peers had assented to the
soveR propositions. Those propositions had been formu
lated early in the year, as it appears; at all events some
time before the 10th of August. They bad been put in
the bands of Mr, Scott Russell, who seted for the Peers,
and the workingmen took it for granted that they had
been shown to the Peers. After they had been for some
time in Mr. fcott Russell’s possession, a special meeting
of the Council was held, at whieh Mr. Scott Russell made
a statement. Jt wae the 10th of August. What he sald
is given as If verbatim report, or copy of a written
paper, and it begins with this remarkable declaration:
My negotiations bave been suceessful all the objects
proposed have been obtained.” It is true that Mr. Beott
Russell afterward gave them a copy of the Peers’ memo
raudum, but without in any way qualifying his first
statement.
Had the workingmen been practiced in politics, they
would have remarked the discrepancy between what Mr,
Russell, the agent, told them, and the written statement
which was all he had to produce on the part of his prin-
cipals. They ought to have seen what an interval lay
between the two, and to have either discredited Mr. Rus-
sell’s verbal assurance, or demanded the written con
firmation of it. They failed to do this. They seem really
to have believed that the alllance between themselves
and the representatives of one of the most powerful
classes in the Empire was de facto concluded, and they
talked about it in a half public way as a thing settled.
Vague hints of a new political millennium dropped from
their lips in conversation. At last, whether with or
without the knowledge and tacit consent of the Council,
the story was given to the newspapers in its most
positive shape, It wae a great blunder. It may serve
us a warning. don't see that it ean help much other
wise. The Peers, and that groat middle class which is a
far more irreconcilable enemy than the aristocracy to
the working class, have, for the moment, all the advant
age. They have seen all their adversary’s cards. They
have shown none of their own. Even now, the Council
reiterate their readiness to take their stand on the seven
propositions, and for such a programme to work with
any person or persons, Whig or Tory, Liberal or Radical.
Well, courage is always wise, and if your cards are really
the strongest, you may play your game on the table and
win all the same. I will only add that Peers and work
ingmen seem equally ready to disown Mr. Beott Russell.
The Pecra say he applied to them on behalf of a Represent
ative Council of Workingmen of which he was chairman,
‘The workingmen say Mr. Russell acted for the Lords,
and that Mr. George Porter was their representative.
Clearly, a little explanation from Mr. Scott Russell hiw
solf would not he out of order.
The Commission appointed by the Tehuantepec Rail
way and Canal Company, to examine and report upom
some of the more important artificial waterways of
Europe, has completed a great part of its work. The
Commissioners are Major-Gen. J. 8. Barnard, U. 8. A, de
talled by President Grant; Col. J. W. Adams, Chief
Engineer, of Brooklyn, and Col. J. T. Willlams, Engineer
in<Chief of the Tehuantepeo Railway and 8hip Canal.
They came over during the Summer, and examined,
under very favorable eiroumstances, the Caledonian
Canal and the canals of HoRand, including.the new one
trom Amsterdam to the North Bea, now constructing.
Every faollity was afforded them, and, after thorough
surveys, and obtaining full sets of plans and papers, the
mewbors of the Commission have returned to London,
and are preparing thelr report. It is understood that
they are convinced of the feasibility of the Tehuantepec
Canal, in respect to which a favorable report had been
made to the President by Capt. Shufeldt of the Navy, in
June of this year. They believe that the canal may be
made larger than the Caledonian, with an available
depth of 20 feet, with locks 450 by 50 feet. The President
of the Company, Mr. Simon Stevens, is in London, con
sulting with the Commissioners, who will shortly return
to America.
A report that M. Louis Blanc 1s to edit a new paper in
Paris to be called Le Jour has found its way somewhat
prematurely into the English papers. The truthis that of
fers have been made to him to take charge of the political
department of such a paper, but the negotiations are
pending, and arrangements still incomplete. I may say,
also, with reference to a possible report of conversations
with M. Louis Blanc that he has not authorized any
statement to be made in his name, and does not wish to
acoopt the responsibility of any declarations imputed to
um, vo matter in how good faith, Anything he has to
gay he will say over his own name.
Another eminent Frenchman, to whom the vacation of
the Assembly has given opportunity for a London visit,
1s M. Victor 8choelcher, whose name ought to he familiar
to every American ae the Wilberforce, and more
than the Wilberforce, of France. The abolition of slavery
in the French colonies was the work of M. Schoelcher.
He gave to it the energies of half a lifetime and more than
half hisfortune. Exiled since 1851 for the erime of loving
the Republic too well, he lived in London aloof from
the society which he wae well fitted to adorn by his
character, his accomplishments, hie services, and his
wealth. Ina modest house in one of the most secluded
parts of Chelsea, M. Schoelcher found occupation at first
in writing those two remarkable books, “Le Gouverne
ment du Deux Decembre” and Histoire des Crimes du
Deuz Decembre "—books from which Kinglake, I think,
drew largely when he painted his hideous, life-like pic
ture of the usurper Napoleon ITI. They tell the story
of the coup d’état as it has not elsewhere been told, with
fidelity and minute detail. That done, there remained to
M. Schoelcher his active benevolence and his tastes, sin
gularly cultivated and acute, for art and literature.
Not to commit the fmpertinence of describing the inte
rior of a house not accessible to the public, I may ven
ture to say that it contains treasures of kind which
few of the most splendid palaces in London can rival,
A library of some 8,000 or 9,000 volumes, a museum filled
with rarities, partly collected during his many voyages
to the French colonies and to Africa, while pros
ecuting his emancipstion work, and oollec.
tion of prints formed on the principle of bring
ing together one specimen of each engraver from the
beginning of the art down to this hour, when the artis
almost extinct—these are a part of the gradual accumu
lations of a life of exile, M. Schoelchor is again, asin
1848, 8 member of the Assembly, or, 4 he would prefer to
be called, a representative of the people. Like his friend,
Cistls Blane, he is 006 of that party of the Left which
cessant attack from both sldes—reproached by the Come
munists with
BT OM
OF 118 ONOUNOAR, +O PINON Way Bil Hieeeyyeee
on big past failures, and to announce such a Pro£TasumO
a4 should rekindle the fervor of his radios! supporter,
reunite his shattered majority, and restore the impaired
confidence of the whale kingdom. That wes 8 large 00s.
tract 40 9F jt 18,00 WO gd
Mr. dodo 105 with ily abillties, talled to
complete it, Fas Tatratpupérs, bu Monday, sal may
fine things About the spesch, buf periiaps pitelied’ thetr
tone little too highs J t iwi dd YA gd
Thome of Mr. (ladsbone’s frionds whom. I talked with
seemed disappointed. He had not, they thought, accom
plished very nineb, ThiugY Would go'gn shout 8s they
would have gone had no speeeh been made. As an ora
toricel effort, the speech ust pe estimated much oo
highly. Most of Mr. Gladstone's triumphs haye béed
won in she House, His friends bad great doubt whether
ne vould control un audience of 10,008 or 13,000 people, of
whom mapy were sure to be hostile. Ho dispelled all
those doubts, Bo far hs Gresmwich was concerned, the
success was pérfact. Discharged dockyard men snd
Conservative workingtnen must thke their grievances to
another market. Perbsps there wis too mich Green
wich in the address wo mush for Greenwich and too
little for England and the rest of mankind. Yet we were
101d 1ast week that the Associated Press would telegraph
the speech to New-York verbatim. In that case yout will
have had to print elx oolumns. 1 aid not go
to the meeting. A friend who did, end was on
the platform, writes me that the theatrical stories about
Mr. Gladstone's paleness were quite wrong. His face
was bronzed as that of a man who had been at the sca
side aud [n the country for two or thrée months might
well be. He put himself on gopd terms with the erowd.
His pepartees were always ready, he was as buoyant as
Lord Palmerston, and showed himself almost as great a
master of chaff as that celebrated proficient. He was
really heard by 6,000 people, and his voice at times
reached to the edge of the throng. All this without ap
parent effort. His utterance was as distinct as Cobden's
without the tiresome Interval between bis words, which
waa one great defect of Cobden’s style. Only omce did
bis voice break, and at the end of tho two hours therd
was no sign of hoarseness or of exhaustion. The demon
stration which followed showed how great his personal
popularity still is with the workingmen. They leaped on
the platform, to shake bands with him, and fairly
mobbed him in'their good-natured enthusiasm. As for
the disturbances, such as they were, they came from knots
of men who bad theair of having been detailed for that
business. Their loader was drunk; the sober ones soon
grew tired of him, and’ found it useless to try to make
headway against; the overwhelming sentiment of the
audience. More or lesa of the by-play in the apoech has
been given in the papers, with now and then an error.
There was that good story about the sinecure commis
slonership worth $8,000 a year, which he bad abolished on
the death of the incumbent, instead of continuing it for
the benefit of his own party. A letter signed M. P. says
that Mr. Gladstone, who mentioned no name publicly,
told the Chairman fu an undertone that the man who
held the office was Mr. Disraeli’s brother. He did not do
that. Somebody on the platform said Mr. Disraeli’s
brother. Mr, Gladstone leaned over the railing and said
to the reporters, Don’t put that down.”
Subscriptions for Chicago continue to pour in. The
Queen has given $2,500, the Prince and Princess of Wales
$1,250; Bradford (Mr. Forster's town) gives a second
$10,000, and some $3,500 more in smaller sums. The
Marquis of Ripon Is down for $500. Liverpool and Man
chester add day by day to their already liberal subserip
tions. A good many Englishmen bave chosen to send
their gifts direct to the American Committee, and,
as you know, that committee has transmitted to the
other #ide the amounts received through the Lord Mayor.
There is no reason, I suppose, why this should not be
done. The Committee has none the lesa rigorously ad
hered, so far as I know, to ita original plan of soliciting
no subscriptions except from Awericans. All it has
done beyond this has been to accept such gifta as were
offered by Englishmen, and to act a3 the Lord Mayor’a
agent in transferring money by cable. Mr, 8. Neil of
Clifton has sent to the American Committee a painting
by the well-known French artist Yoon, valued at $500, a8
a contribution from the artist himself. The gift will be
none the less appreciated when it ia remembered that
Yoon's house and studio were almost wholly destroyed
during the second siege of Paris.
The facts about the projected Paris journal, Le Jour:
and its editoralup, I can now give on M. Louis Blanc's
suthority and with his permission. The paper is not yet
started. It is uncertain whether it will be. A proposi
tion to take charge of a new paper was made some time
slnce to M. Louis Blane. After considerable hesitation
le accepted, but on certain conditions, of which the firat
was that $100,000 should be raised as capital, the whole to
be paid up in cash before the first number appeared.
His friends represented that the sum pamed was very
unusual; that successful papers had been founded with
a tenth of the sum; thatin the present condition of
France, it was no easy matter to get together so large an
amount for a radical newspaper, and so on, To all
which M. Louis Blanc replied, that his plan would re
quire 8 much larger outlay than suffices for existing
Paris journals, not one of which is, in our sense of the
word, a newspaper. They give small space to news
trom outside Paris. Their dispatches are few, and
meager. A great part of what they call foreign cor
respondence” is written in Paris. It 18 not M. Louis
Blanc who says this, but I know the faet. Genuine cor
respondence has some times made the fortune of a jour
nal, as M. Louis Blane's did for Le Temps, and as M.
Taine is now doing. Statesman and Historian as be is,
M. Louis Blano is Journalist as well, and his long resi
dence in England bas given him some English notions
ubout journalism, and some that are more American
than English—for instance, that the first business of a
newspaper is to print the news. To do it takes money—
hence his determination to sccepé the charge of no
paper that has not a sufficient capital. Buch a journal
will be an experiment. It remains to be seen whether
the Parisians can be taught to care much for what goes
on outside of their onoe brilliant capital.
In any case, M. Louis Blanc's name will secure the
success of any paper he chooses to write for, and
the taste for the mews he means to supply
will come by degrees. Them tho journalism of
Paris is Bohemian and desultory. A writer contributes
a dozen artidles to one paper, then goes his way, very
likely, to another. He gets high pay. Forty dollars an
article is 8 not uncommon rate, and it is by no means the
limit. But M. Louis Blanc's idea is to surround himself
with a permanent staff, not only well paid, bat identified
with the paper. Never was there more need for a paper
edited by a man bf sacha stamp. Divisions between
classes are broader than ever binoe the Commune. The
middie clase dread of the artisan is increased ten-fold.
The srtisan’s Qistrust of the bourpeolsiz has grown in
lying all mere party questions, ia to draw these to prost
article
classes together, to make them see that thelr
enemies. That is the 1dea dppermost in M. Louis Blano’s
mind, and his main ceason for conspating Iadirect 4 sew
journal. It is all the more significant and B when
TO vn wilt, bo shore the ad
vocate af the artisans (aan of the class bore ber. The
lant and solid expacity, oat 4 Jolie be Sitiout to
2 nostion. A e
requisite capital has botn Ci Ge We Be
A 1
TF. 2 0) Wil i
Complaints havimg ‘been made that the in
for by the Alaska Commereial Company (the lessees of
the lalands), The Ala California, which is good puthority,
ATH hat 18 kAOWS Shat fhe pe ate i dh. com
A vis of hose
Their Tenor} HRY ocds Are WAL GR Se as
re 7 (0s Company’ oat ha}
ind aviation for the labor
are st no oat,
EA A
Kies sev smploped sso Sovmfupan Shih the
PERE ny x:
islands and seal 28 belonged and were
always regarded as the property of the National Govern
other,
sormed about Mr. Gladstone's speech at Greenwich. It
wes able and in parts eloquent, of course. But it was
NEW-YORK DAIREST VEMBER 17, 187L
Vi I
BN Ts nA
L
LF
HORE


ATR
ay ie i} ey rie
ment. "TOY URI BS pyres AMEND, ied
ie tho valugbie fuer guess to 0p Uithet Spe
Np g poe 0 -ap of atinr ih a 1
Dong) nbsp PES 4 B70, 4
faraads snd wire ToANM: be the lade Bor
tly oor the annual rent and tax of $317,000.
iho on ober which we havy ever heurd trom the
of sugar. int the Compamy Fo eve pears onder,
aad health, apd vent drunkenness. The Aleuts are
‘allow oud pound per week to eafl BU even
ty save up make, by npinas aliquid
EE mt
motive a oO an 8 ri fab
drank uatil olisvad by Seata year
to thé leasing of the when the restrie
t into fores, and while, angar was in walim
ifed quautition, hore were 11 Sentra on HL ns has had
Jom PAD A
c of Cipher Io pm Toa two dentin, In
the of aif athe? thious 3he A Alcuts are wl tenttiotod,
A an ve mad regulation
the islands hpt hot ba depopulated. EY at tom
The chess elubs of Detioit and Cleveland
have called an American Chess Congress, to be held in
the latter city Dec. 4.
Michigan farmers are beset by an organized
band of horse thieves, who steal horses in large num
bers, and, swimming them across the river, sell them in
Gonada, Every county in the ftate has been visited by
the rascals who, despite the most vigorous pursuit, have
as yot escaped arrest.
George Johnson, the negro who was arrested
for the murder of the Park family at Henryville, Ind.,
hak confessed that Be planned the massacre in company
with two other negroes, 'sqtiire Taylor and James Davis,
and that he watched outside while the ouhers did the
killing. The two men have been arrested.
R. W. Durham, a rich Californian, died
Joking. He bequeathed $100,000 to the Deaf, Dumb, and
Blind Asylum of 8an Franciseo, adding that he enjoyed
the consoling reflection that his beneficiaries could not
talk about him after his death. Unfortunately, the asy
lun waa removed to Alameda County several years ago,
and his relatives are going to contest the will,
Chicago is elated over a new title to pre
eminence. That august Nuictionary, the Superintendent
of Sidewalks, has announced that the wooden sidewalks
consumed by the fire would have reached from Lake
Michigan to the Mississippi, and that their value was
nearly $1,000,000. Whereupon Chicago boastfully asks if
any other city has facilities for burning 122 miles of side
walk at a single kindling. It is be hoped not.
That Tennessee posseased oil lands of appar
ontly great value beécauv.e known soon after the close of
tho war; but after a few wells had been sunk it was
found that so few meana of transportation existed as to
render even flowing wells almost useless, and work was
abandoned. The valuable discoveries are not to be suf
fered to remain permanently Templored, for a uew rail
way designed to atford an outlet for the product of the
wells, is rapidly building juroagh Overton County. A
new ofl-huntinz mania way agitate the country within
the year, when once discoverers cau bring their oll to
Eastern markets.
By way of progress in prosperity and reeu
poration, and of repairing the damages occasioned by
their late rebeliion, there has been a‘ Tournament’ at
Statesville, N. C., with, we are told, great pomp and
display.” The knights” were ‘splendidly dressed”
with flying colors,” and also with dazzling swords;"
and they rode “on noble sateeds, followed by a large
erowd of anxions spectators,” aithough we are not told
what the spectators were anxious” about—possibly
lest the chevalicrs should be thrown from the noble
horses” into the ignoble mire, not in the rude encounter
of the monomachy, but through their deficient aques
trian acquirements, on their Xindisy way to the lista,
There was a battle, but of what kind we do not know,
except that it waa of the Ron-gahgiihary sort. There
was a victor, and upon his uncracktd heat was placed,
by the prettiest young lady of the neighborhood, aneat
and costly crown.” This was done with wuch glee,”
says a report. Well, it must have been fanny
That the skin of the Ethiopian is tolerably
secure from ehango has ever been an undisputed fact;
yot according to the most recent revelations of science
such is the case no longer. A San Francisco doctor has
discovered a process by which 8 white man can be trans
formed into a negro, which is certainly no less remark
able than that the African should be converted into a
white man. The surgical operation, that has become 80
common since its recent discovery, of transplanting a
portion of skin from some other part of the body, or
even from some other person, to an ulcer, for the
purpose of starting a new growth of cuticle, was per
formed upon the arm of a white man of 25 years, and a
ruddy complexion, ‘the borrowed cuticle having been
taken from the arm of a full-blooded negro. The exper
iment was a SUCoess, 80 far as the ulcer was concerned,
but to the horror of the victim the black skin is spread,
ing rapidly, and the lensing probainiity is iy ‘will
tiom ol necro tems we ne era mating iA what
our Southern friends call Cancasian.”
THE MASSACHUSETTS MEDICAL SOCIETY AND
THE HOMEOPATHIC PHYSICIANS.
To the Editor of The Tribune. 4
Sm: I wish to lay the inclosed circular,
which has been sens to the leading homeopathic phy
alcians of Massachusetts, before you. I think the action
which 1t represents is worthy public notice, and should
call forth am expression of non-professional opinion for
the following reasons: State and county medical socie
ties are chartered by Legislatures and endowed with
powers and privileges, not for the sole advantages of the
members of the same, but for the good of the people,
that, by the action of the societies, education may be
fostered, ignorance kept down or exposed, and a sound
code of ethics maintained and observed. @The public are
benefited if these ends are subserved. But if a majority
of the members of a society pervert the powers granted
them to the persecution of a minority, to the suppres
sion of free thought and action among qualified mom
bers, the publie interests are damaged. This is no mere
doctors’ quarrel. It isa public concern, and the public
press may well take hold of it, as it is doing of the per
version of their privileges of which some medical col
leges have been guilty.
The Massachusetts Medical Society was chartered for
the purpose of “distinguishing between properly edu
cated physieians, and those persons who, ignorantly and
wickedly administer medicine.” Its charter and by
laws secure perfeot freedom of opinion to its mem
bers.” Its members are, by that fact, guaranteed to be
the physicians (properly educated) of the State. Now
they undertake to proscribe members who are proper
ly educated” (being graduates of Harvard Medical
School), tor no other reason than that they socept the
homeopathic law. Such acceptance does not prevent a
 Homeopethist from having recourse to sny medical or
surgical expedient which a case may require. It does
not restrict a physicians resources. This is a perversion
of the powers granted by the people to the sooloties, and
the people should look to it. Yours, 0. D.
New-York, Nov. 13, 1571. _
s Korraaxrros, Mass, Nov. 4, 1971,
09 mee Mf. D,~ir: Ohatges hoving boen preferred against you by
o Committée of the Massachusotts Medical Society of conduct unbacon
ivg and yaworthy sa honorable physician and member of this Society”
fo wit: “by practicing or professing to practice according to an exdw
sive theasy or dogma, asd by belonging fo society whose purpose is sb
variagee with the principles of, sad tends to disorganise, the Masache
setts Modioal Society.”
Tou are huihy Yjrouhé bo pigs Seles Boprbor Tei) the Boch
ofy's rooms, No. 3 Temple-place, Perkins building, on Teesdsy, Nor,
21, 16M, at 11 o'alock m., bo snswer to the same, in accordance wih
by-laws and (nstructions of the Society, Baxves A. Fox,
Mossachusetts
THE PROPOSED INTERNATIONAL HORSE RACE.
ag
THE PROPOSED AINIEBNALIUNAL HUERSE BAUS
On October 34 thers sppoated 10 Tra TRIB
UNE a statement, which bebn flashed across the At
Iantio Cable, add for Whi the Asecolaed Prees Agent
{n London was responsible, to the effect that Mr. Tatcer
sall, turf auctioneer, had been suthorised by Mr, Gret
tou the awner OE Ae Ee pa ant of Yon
Newmarket, boing beaten only by head from the win
ner, whoth he Wht coooeding {Ibe in welehthnd 4 yeas
racer rage of a mils and a ball, carry.
ere, but BE hl 3 ia Sys
been ent, owner. of yf
r ys in dow dave do rd
dr TAT
a
In fag Way pny why
vy iakd OF AN OCEAN STEAMBHTS OFF CEYLON.
sheamehip strack ob Call, Rook, Point
row, of malls,
wo specie on board. The loss is a very serious ome, ag
The was Usthatio, De
Ea fy oy
EE I
sengurs arivioK 0 (06 Inia. Tram 50, 00 a
CENERAL NOTES.

rueriER "EXPOSURE OF THE “REFEREE
TE J)


ave
THE GRATZES~—YOICE OF THE BAR,
“The m-of this, eity, while, without ex
fe Ne ete the infurtious practice of the courts
in appointing relatives end favorites es referees in im
portant oss. ReMpEul) satiet the utmost reticence
concerning 1t, in chases Where théy have them
selves been injured. The reason for this reticence is
obvious, being, ns already cated tn’ TH Tripown, fear
of prejudicing the courts against Ahothaelves. Additional
oases, however, econtingally come to light, amply cor
roborating the statentefit THE TrIsUNE has made.
PROFITS OF
Several years ago a certain Dr. Freeley was on trial for
malpractice, having, it appears, applied a leather plaster
to
to canoer on the noss of 8 wealthy man. The patient
dled, and the physician brought ins bill of $600 for at~
tendanos, payment of which was refased, Judge Bare
nard referred the case to William Mitchell, who decided
that Ad the patient bad employed the physician the bill
must be paid with intercst. Im the computation of in
terest the Referce made a mistake of $100, which was
pronght betore the notice of Bamard, who entaroly 1g
nored Lhe error, it being in the Referee’s favor, and ordered
the payment of the bill,
Not long since Judge Jones appointed Joo Meeks, an
officer of his Court, as Referec in a oase where the
amount involved was $1,400. The Refcree’s charges were
It is generally understood among the legal profession
that the appointments of commissioners and receivers
are made according to the satse plan as those of Referees.
A motorfous flustration of this fact was the
appointment of Peter B. Sweeny as recelver in the
famous Erie Railroal case, in which the appointment
was made the condition for Barnard’s renomination to
the Bench of the Supreme Court. Some Lime ago a very
{mportant case, involving a large amount of money, Was
prought before Judge Barnard for reference $0 Commis
stoners. As the case had attracted considerable public
attention, great eare had been taken by the counsel om
both sides to selcet wellknown citisens to act as Com
piissioners. The proper motion was made in
court, and the papers handed up to Judge
Barnard for signature, the counsel little dreaming that
any objection would be made to the Commissioners
agreed upon. Judge Barnard looked at the papers and
said, Yes, this is all right, all perfectly proper; with the
exception of the names of tho Commissioners.” He then
took his pen, scratched out the names of the prominent
citizens, and inserted those of Samuel Jonesand two others.
The counsel in the case were astounded. One of theta
arose, and sald, “But, your Honor, we thought that as
the case was one of great public interest it would be well
to have men of known integrity—men who have the pub
lic confidence.” Judge Barnard coolly replied: You
are perfectly right, Bir! I don’t know any men better in
the city than those I Lave appointed. One is my father
in-law, another my brother-in-law, and the other my family
physician.”
A number of there Referees have grown so rich in thé
business, through their influence with certain judges,
that they now decline all cases of minor importance, nnd
conflue themselves strictly to cases of foreclosure, par
tition, and the opening of streets, in which the fees are
enormous and the trouble very slight. On questions of
tact their decisions are finel—cannot be reversed. They
can pretend to believe the basest perjury, and decide a
case on false evidence without any hope of redress
for the injured party. On questions of law alone ean
thelr decisions be impeached, The remedy for the evil,
as it now exista, is for the next Legislature to pass a law
providing against the appointment of any relative by
any judge to a position of this kind, and making it suf,
cient groand for impeachment for any judge to decline
to appoint the Referee agreed upon by the counsel in the
case to be referred.
THE REFEREE'S CONFEDERATES.
The auctioneer is the Referee’s chief anxil
liary when the sale of property is involved. The Referee
pays all the expenses of the sale, and has the preroga
tive of appointing his own printer, his own assistants,
and his own auctioneer. The quality for which these are
selected 1s, in the majority of cases, want of reputation.
All divide the profits with the Referee. A case Was
brought to the notice of a TRIBUNE reporter, yesterday,
in which a sale on Jorecioyure takes place at White Plains.
The Referee charges $100 for no other service than enter
Ing fhe fact in his note-book; for gol. to White Plains
in the morning $04 refurnin ia afternoon, the auc
tioneer charges ot couse the Referee, or Gratz,”
18 not such a self-abnegating preaturs as, having the ar
rangement of all maiters, to allow any licking ‘more ox
tensive than his ewa, au erefo the nee is
afiral enOURH ChE at least $110 uf this 1s placed to his
5
Frequently cases through the court in poirs, b
which plan th expenses hay more than for pr 8A
cases; but the Referee inevitad charges double fees,
The judges are very envious of poue of appolnting
their own Referees, and to confirm This, ai amendmen
waa made to the rylie af Fie Spust thats of Jour ago.
which concluded by Aflnping {ne court d not
approve as Referee a person nominal o 8 party 10 tae
action or his counsel. The purport of t us the seal
tf counsels’ mouths, and the investment of the court
w absolute and secret control. The Rheriff, who is
competent, bas often been named as Referee, hut his
name is invariably erasefl, and that of the court's
particular “Grats substituted.
HOW JUDGE M'CUNN APPOINTS REFEREES AND
RECEIVERS—SOMETHING ABOUT HIB GRATZES.
Early last Summer an action was begun
against Leeds Miner and others, to settle the richts
of the parties to the sult to the proceeds of the sale of
certain personal property by defendants as auctioneers.
The case was referred by the consent of all the parties,
and the plaintiff proceed in the reference and rested the
case, One of the parties then moved, on an affidavit
that he had not personally consented to the reference,
that the order of reference be set aside on
the ground that it was not a referable oase.
This potion Same A before Judge MoCunn, who de
e some time, and then rdered
original order of reference to be set aside at the Ho
time he referred the case to Willlam M. Tweed, jr., snd
although none of the parties to the suit even suggested
the ApDOLh mens of a receiver, Judge McCunn, on his
own _m directed the money to be placed in the
bands of Thomas J. Barr as receiver, The operation of
this order was to deprive the plaintiffs of the interest on
the money which would hays been paid by Ieeds
Miner subject them to additional expense; for, be
sides the receiving fees, the receiver has counsel, who
must Also be paid. Then when the case is at length de
it causes further trouble and eo fo get the money
ee this time a large Jatt of
the al amount of about oy
It appears that the Gratzos aro fwo.
aliomors Morgan and to w he
gives anf also very favorable consid
Statio} of in his oourt, A man
had obtained an against certain
a A MY
wes a to 80) Hanrs
han, Shaughnessy’s attorneys, a
Se Judge MeCunn aig instead of a re
Erg E
duce to the thelv elient,
{nfanotion was stanted, canily's counsel
brought the case m and n
motion before the Jud ho! the Toghlar Special
Ee 0s ot
an
ho Ag hat" eles as duly entered and’ served
tpou the aitorneys. No was taken
the erder, nor was to renew the
motion for J a day ov. two af.
A Eel ie Seao® saan
addition Ne aertaxing
provared the same J who had
grontod, dhe 1 Shpliottion
10 hay, 2afle wha bolding
vou, wid J holding the
rae 2 A Casnbers,  300
0 tet tenor and
i "a rer 0 ow sane the
wh ne
Bar Apboniatign Bp a ds nt the action
REWARDS, OFFERED NOR THEIR RECAPTURE—
REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES PRISONERS.
Thomas Bellard, ‘Wm. Brown, and James
Quimby, seouned of counterfeiting, smd Allen Parker,
charged with mutiny, escaped from Ladiow-at Jall on
‘Wodneaday ovouing, by ontting hole through the roof.
They took advantage of the hour when most of the pris
onsets dnd keepers wore at supper, and olambering to the
en reward have Doan offered Jur the re
RI Brown,
Faas Hed Ss
of hes
CF TALLY ry of sifert
y the United States nel rs, Who
{ng trial, to De taken 10 8 piace of safory® re wal
eg ER E——

y otixt
m re dog»
Yu
Rath
rey
EY, an

CAPT, KENNEDY'S Ve giro BLECTION DAY.
snewer to the changes made by Own 0%Codell, s chal
longer tthe Sixth Blestion Distries poll of the Sixth
Ward, t~ the efioet that the “rrmer had endeavored to
Si elt wh hr pri
the Csptain ordered 0 belosked up, says that the al
wn oy "Connell obat
that ‘60 him thas O was
Ree A rela, i ld er 1/4 ot
Whe that be should have al) the richtas to which ghal
dan!
n Ld
TCC OTS, (ITEM YAN
soni
ntact hak the ots of Judge MeOuns'
ta
the
VOICE OF THE BAR.
Py a OONPES THEMERIVES GAGGLD
To ihe Editor of The, Iridune.
f
conduct of some New-York Judges, you do the bar injus
tice when you accuse them of lacking courage to com
plain, &e.”
article of to-day relating to the
1 assert shat a lawyer whe should seme out and state
under his own pame what he knows about the, abuses,
EE a A
wit subject to insults and wmjury to
nis Teg dally aio would: soon Ye
guoy his Loduems 1 fron
known n
and there ar rary as member ht the Dar bat
lon In eliotn. N yd
our n Now o
Tis commuuiloation is foask you to sugrest Bow the bur
oan, with safety tot Ives and thelr clients, make
known to the public what they know on this subject I
assre you that Both the uid and younger members of tho
bar have smaried conacantly under the injustice ta which
thoy have to subunit from that source, and which they
dare not pnblioly expose. Lex.
New-York, Nov. 16, 1871,
TWEED'S DIPLOMA.
To the Editor of The Tridune.
Sir: You might have added in your article
on Referee Lawyers” that the same Law School that
ground out Tweed an LL. B. In the Class of 1861 also pro
duced Michael J. Shandley and Moses D. Gale. Shandley
never attended the lectures, The latter was sald by
Prof. W— to have received private fostruction. 161s
uite Hxeiy Judge Clerke did not know whose fijlomas
Bo algned n the Class of 1, from the fact that he was
never present at the class meetings not acted in any Ca
Pack other than Agung diplowas recommended by the
ofestor—not Professors. z.
New-York, Nov. 15, 1871.
A PIPTEEN THOUSAND DOLLAR FEE.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir In response to the request as to the par
ticulars of abuses in Referee cases, T will state one that
I happen to kuow of. In the Tucker partition suit,
wherein Messrs, Smith and Woodward were counsel for
plaintiff, sud Varnum and Turney counsel for all
or nearly all the defendants, the late Judge Bon
ney was appointed Referee to take proof of title,
ascertain rights and intercats of parties, &0., &c¢. This
faquiry was very long and complicated, and Judge
Bonney’s fee was, 1 think, $500. On applying for judg
ment to Justice Ingraham the counsel on both sides
uested that Judge Bonney be appeintad Referee to
sell, In Drews ovr the manner described in your
artiele papers were transferred to Justice
Barnard, she request disregarded, and D. P. Ingraham,
ir, appointed Keferee to soll. The property, though
very valuable, did not consist of many pieces.
antics were merely mechanical, and what any propeny
eduouted managing clerk could have perform yet
Judge Barnard certified young Ingraiagys 198 at
715,000, I believe youRs Lpgrab i on
the rsmonstrance of the alborne made some
deduetion. 'Qf course, 1 know Bothing of this of
my tt knowledge, but Messrs, Varnum and Turney
and h and Woodward are well known in the pro
feasion, and of hgh standing, Adow me to say, 1 think
your artiole does mustios to Justice Sutherland. In my
Fpl his 2 Stooy have been phi Buggies ir
e .ntlemen of high sta y
Dov ke Ave ways been fair and reasonable.
Joseph J. Marrin was ab.one time Justice Cardozo’s
favorite Referee, but I never heard of Mr. Marrin prac
ticing any extortion, LAWYER,
New-York, Nov. 16, 1871,
THE CAREER OF A LAWYER'S CLERK.
To (he Edilor of The Tridune.
Sir: Your article in this morning’s paper
headed Referees Lawyers” is making a great sensation,
and is just the thing for this season of reform” Every
lawyer at the bar knows that the Referee business, aa it
has been conducted in this city, is ono of the most out
rageous systems of fraud over perpetrated in a commu
pity—civilized or barbarous. No wonder that young
lawyer trying to make his way inthe profession honestly
becomes discouraged and gives up In despair. No
matter how good a case he has, or how well he hs £00
duet it, bis opponeut is in the ring,” and with Judge
a.d Referee against him, what can he do? Clients will
go. Jet they are sure of success, henge the large
ness of certain Jawyers who know how it is
done,” I hope the Bar and Press will take hold
of this matter, and not let up on it until Referee Law
yers” are no more. Among your Ust of “Gratzes” I do
hot see the names of Tweed and Edelsten. Wm. M.
Tweed, Jr., is she son of the Boss,” Assistant Distriot~
Attorney, and Supreme Court Referee. Edlesten, three
or four years ago, was clerk to Brown, Hall Vander
poel. Visit their offices at No. 341 Broadway, mark the
cesily furniture, carpets, &c., and then be more con
vinced than ever that Beforecibuiatneds pos 1 wonder
if Tageraot furnished Shove on go Ll latoh, but
me se now car
riage and on Whence yt riches
These young men have a placer in the Referee
busivees the “Boss is the owes gt brings the
grist to their miik- A BER OF THE BAR.
New-York, Nov. 18, 1871.
A NEEDED WORK OF REFORM.
To the Editor of The Tradune.
Str: The article of to-day, entitled Referee
Lawyers,” is of so great interest to the bar and to the
entire community who care to keep our temple of justice
pure and undefiled, that the writer, for ons, cannot
forbear to speak in commendation of it. To
such a depth of degradation have our courts
sank, that they have becomes simply the
channels through which judicial “pap” is dispensed
to a class of persons who seem to have no ability to pro
cure more honorable means of sustenance. It is well
understood that the method of dispensation pointed out
in your artiole 18 only one of several by which the courts
are made HO Taw Trios an hangorson of the
Judicial ermine, Another method fs found under section
24 of the Code of Procedure, which offers a splendid
provisional remedy” for ohronic Sly poverty What
sins are committed under its sanction ‘one day, not
far distant, be shown in all their agatayating character.
That the writer of your article found great difficult
in arriving at the precio facts of any Dieta care A
attributable to other facts that Judges, their
referees, and their jawyors form a combination or ring
whose influence on fhe bar at large is potent for injury,
and which few individual members dare or ean wiih
say Soutiont, Nolauydte can afd to tell bis ows
ng Jota, case, an
record, and thus ideatitytog Difniset with them, leat the
Jractice become so boas? h difficulties that it would be
possible for him to enforce or Pratect. a right, or
Yaka Sink 201 Sent ja of the courts of i
city. not always silout but always certain influ
ence exercised from the bench makes itself feit to
the adtriment and often absolute loss of the righia of
clients, and in the defeat of the attorney at every atép by
ways that are dark,” and which no objection can stay
or prevent, and i i agin For this reason no
person named by any as referee, no matter how
obnoxious or unfly such austen, can be objected
to; and no fee, however mo Sihtgea bf ach a
referee, tan’ be disputed with safety either to the attor
ney or to the client, whose interests the attorney is
swom to protect hy the sxereiso of all his learning, every
diligence, and utmost caution, The lelling of the
in Hie) ag ond matter would heretofore have
substantially invoked ostracism from the Courts,
The words our artield are bold words—fitly spoken;
now let the 0 abate fod 8 particle of 11s intes
est In until the of reform in tids direo-.
tion shall be finally and effectually accomplished.
this work is done the kindred system of re BL iy
now amounting tos merits your atten
tion fio logs than which Joul agtiele
all Indeed “the Receiver is as bad
as the thief” has of Jade, by judicial connivance and eol
lusion—is may be by judicial construction
pil pedo ly
pA ns of {he court, and leech at the

SEE ERE
A dora draw din the inde.
Be EE Sa Oi
ow- Xt AL H. E. PARNSWORTH.
TE
eo wre iin Srm’'’ Sa Pl  BINtss FAY EY EG

LUDLOW-ST, JAIL FUGITIVES.
len; wine entifié that as be waa about leaving the
pons pings ho Beard a scuffle, and turning wi
saw O'Connsll nud a man named Dunne fghting; thet
he ade wm t0 be separated and as both made
charges It, he ordered them to be taken Lo the
v- a
loner; that Keraeant Davenport after Hetening
statement the officers who had them in charge,
ordered them to be taken before Justioe Dawiing ab Lue
Tombs, who committed them and (hat in all other cases
on that day he followed strictly whe ibatructions of tue
Sune rintendent. Co 2 mi
ag pod onl day
To the Editor of The Tribune
Sik: Why don’t the City Railroads furnish
‘«moking cars for down-town travelers in the morning
We have not time to finish cigar Lefore starting, aud if
wo wish Lo smoke on the way, we are conipellod to stand
on the front platform. If each line wonld run a apenial
car for smokers every quarter or half-hour in the morn
ing, wo could have seats and eujoy one smoke, and the
non-2mokers would still be yndistarbed,
New-York, Nov. 16, 15871, MAN SMOKERS.
tl
TIE AUSTRALIAN PREMIER WAR NOT A I''Ii
TRADER. y
"Fo (As Fditor of TAe Tridune
Sig: In Tue TriBuxse of 14th inst, npon
Co Protection in Australia,” you state that Dufly, the
Minister who framed the Tariff law, waa a life-long Froo
‘Trader. Charles Gavan Duffy never was a Froe-Trader.
He bas always been opposed to the policy bf England
span that, as npon all other questions. Iu justice to one
the purest and most unselfish of Irish patriots, nak
you to contradict the statement refered to, JM
Washington, Nov. 15, 1871.

Jo (he Edilor of The Tribune.
Sm: The severc season is at hand when
many poot and houseless young girls will bo begging
alms or assistance of our citizens. In the oftico of the
Chudren’'s Aid Society (No.19 East Fourth-st.) will be
found tickets entitling any girl needing aid to a “bed
snd a meal” at the Girls’ Lodging-House, No. 27 Kt
Mark’s-place. Theso are- distributed gratuitously, but
they are designed only for young givis, not women. It
Jus alent Wilt agua Sess, wuch suffering or street
may reven
J. MACY, Assistant Secretary
Children's Aid Society, No. 19 East Fourth-st, N.Y,
J
Nov. 15, 1871.
THE BROOMEST, FRAUD WHO COMMITTED IT,
AND WHO PROFITED BY IT?
Te (he Editor of The Tribune.
Sir In reference to your article in this day's
fssue, headed An old Swindle revived,” I desire Lo say
that, however opposed, as a citizen and a roal-ostate
owner, to the present system of assessinents I may be,
justice demands this statement: I never met M
O'Gorman ou the subject of a reduction, nor advocated,
Jeruonally or in any other manner whatsoevor, I*
nudge Cardozo a reduction of the Broome-st. assose
on the PEOperty Iam interested in as executor,
ap before the Commissioners, urged and filed ray
0 factions, and by them, and not the (ours, 8s an
reduction made, as I believe, Will ygup "7. In Justion
bo he unclgnaricn claro wi uy lt, pilith ln
New-York, Nov. 15 ry dk H. Monuuson.
(THE TRIGYNY never sald that Mr. Morrison had any
thing to do with the old Broome-st. swindle, exoept to
profit by it. His assessment was reduced 33 per cont, and
the amount added to tho city tax, as stated. The Com
missioners were blamed, not Mr. Morrison.

THE CONDITION OF MORMON WOMEN.
To (he Ldstor oF ThE FYING
Sir Mormonism (let “Justice” say what ho
will to the contrary) is a gigantic fraud, monoy-making
speculation, enriching the fow by the impoverishment of
the many. The leaders of the Mormons are shrewd, oal
culating, and mercenary the lower classes (for there is
no social equality among them), constituting tho mass of
the people, are ignorant, deluded fanatics, The women
are pitiably degraded. One of their dignitariea—I be
lieve it was Elder Kimball (now dead)—spoke of Ms
wivea as “cows.” If, as the Mormons claim, polygamy
is a Divine institution, an essential foature in heir re
ligious creed, does that religion demand that old men
should almost invariably select young women to replées
the old ones of whom they have grown tired, er does it
sanction the neglect and abandonment of the legal wife!
Does the Mormon religion enjoin that a man shail marry
his wife's mother, his wife's sister, and his wife's Saugh.
ter, during his wife's lifetime? If 80, 1s a religion
janders t0 man’s most vicious appetites and 4sgraden
to the level of the brutes, a religion at all? In order
to induce the women to consent to polygamy, the Mor
mon Church” teaches that 8 woman's salvation depends
on ker hushend; congoquentily, no unmarried womaa
can be saved that the more Ves i Inati had the greater
will be his glory in the kingdom of heaven, and that the
wife shares in her husband’s exaltation, so that the
heavier her cross here the Drie will be her crown
hereafter. While honestly belloving that poly gafoy is
tho doctrine of the Bible, Wauy a poor woman wi it
were not. I lived long enough in Utah to know that the
most abject misery and Joven ars to be found in the
City of the Saints,” Families have left bumble bus com
fortable homes in other lands to enlist under Brigham’s
banner, and have wept tears of bitterness and disap
poset on discpvering the impositions which have
practiced on them. Mormon leaders vilify and
denounce the Gentiles,” but many a poer Mormon
family has to bleas the Gentile” band that feeds them
and pon thas aid and succor which have been refused by
their own teachers. Let men or women become w
in the faith,” and they feel the irom hand of the Mermon
Church. Never has there been a greater Boapotisn,
never a more ambitious owen than that wiel by the
self-styled Prophet of the Lord,” the unscrupulous
Brigham Young, A UONSTANT READER.
RBinahamion. Nov. 10, 1871.
THE DANGERS OF THE GRAND UNION DEPOT
INSPECTOR MORRIS'S ALLEGATIONS DENIED,
At the meeting of the Board of Health, on
Wednosday, Inspector Morris called attention to the
peril of attempting to cross the rallroad tracks in Fourth
ave,, from the Grand Union Depot to Fifty-fourth-st., as
the side tracks are constantly lined with cars, which
prevent people from seeing the incoming and outgoing
trains, He asserted that seven persons had aiready loss
their lives there within thé past 12 days. This assertion
ia questioned, and it is claimed that only one person Las
been killed during that period. A reference to the tele
graph blotter at Polit Headquarters shows that only
two accidents from this cause during the present month
have been brouji to the Jmowledge of the police. On
November 3, Peter Kissengen, w og heary
track, loaded with furniture, across the at Filty
firstet. and Fourgnaye, was Musk bY locomotive
seriously infitod Oe botme tly torovorads On No.
He su TOCOV n No
vember 10, John Ward of Mount Vornon, laborer em
Bat a ity ninth wa'0 badly ajured by 2h io
80 a 1000.
motive that died on the followin ay in Believe
Hospital. This is the ouly ease Swine at the Coroner's
office. As Dr. Morris's shargs lad very serious onc, the
Register of Records sent, y, communication to
oben A Rigen RD ya
on wo
LE in the section named fad been roported fo the
n past mon facts vestigated,
BE ew hothes 2s parsons bad eos meriod
without proper jad Whethet alse certificates
fad been 1 to John T. 1, clerk of
the of replied that the case of Ward is
the Sol io has been received at tho Coroner's
yl Le HE
y m n 0
Fo Kepistor of Keourds 8 order that permits mar
0 y
THE JONES'S WOOD MURDBR-DORIAN'S ASSASSIN
UNDISCOVERED.
An investigation was concluded, yesterday,
into the circumstances connected with the killing of
David Dorian of No. 372 Delancey -st., at the Bootoh fes
tival at Jones's Wood on Bept. 7. The testimony proved
that during the evening stranger was asked, by a
JO oman. Who Nad Shacy) of A il at ey: the
grounds, to pay for something Be had taken. The youns
man made aa issulting reply, and Dorian expostulated
with him for Wig dudh infungs Voss. Words
followed, apd Dorian struck the stranger, who a momon!

i discovered thal
Be Ser ae rad So ale Te bey
oon ‘$0 the Station Mouse. ejur in their verdic
recommended the au oritio regulate the
rsons attending and
tat the Mayor of York” ofr s sizable reward for
Bota TEEaged sic ste a wm Capt, Gunner has
since the affray in searching for tho assas
sn, but w SUCOeSS.
Two *meén entéred the shop of Valentine
Kins, s German shoemaker of Chathasi-t., on Wednes
day, and priced various articles. While thus engaged, a
German, spparently unable to speak English, entered,
and sald that he had $4,000 worth of sflka in the Custom
Houses; that his fetber apd mother and other relatives
an Garden; that they could fot pay the Cus
tom-House duties, 8150, and that if any ome would ad
vance the amount he would pledge two gold watchés as
soourity for the payment of the loan, He showed the
watohes, and dotiasel has nothing but the present
induce 8a the
BERL i at 8 Eo ti
Jo sdvante: money, on learning that he
Lh he” fin kad be coma fs 27
the money on watcLos. Ho did so,
4841 jin onsh, 3 heck for $109. Kins sus
that no family bearing
given by te had been there. Pay
ment was stopped. Manasseh Goldman, a
dry on the East Bide, prosen ied it for pay
who purchased a shawl.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
ti on
STREET-CAR SMOKING

AID FOR POOR GIRIS
1 ROR AYERS SIMPLICITY.