2
N
FOL CIGN MISCELLANY,


SPEECH OF THE BRITISH PREMIER BEFORE"
118 CONSTITUENTS.
HEB DEF RRIE RE ull a cars ar ants
HIS VIEWS UPON THE PROPOSITIONS FOR
REFOKM IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS AND
UPON THE NEW SOCIAL MOVEMENT,
On the 28th ult, Mr. Gladstone, the British
Premier, paid his promisod visit to his constituents at
Greeuwich, England, and delivered a speech, some
points of which have already been received by telegraph.
The following, howeyer, is 8 more comprebensive siu
mary of this speech: t
«1 am not ulout to spend a large portion of your time
in discussing hg AL the reAtIons connected wilh
the late sess on of Parilament.  T.ey have been largely
debatea and largely considered before many assemblies
of Englishmen during tho recess, and I rejoice that the
ablic mind has been gotively given to consider the his
se of that sessfon. because it has resulted in dispelling
entirely the dolusion of those who believe that because it
bas been a session distinguished, unhappily, by peculiar
fties in the mehod of oftering Parliamentary oppokition
{eheers und terruption), it fag, therefore, been an un
yroductive seston, And of all the Sharies that were
Prougnt apainst the Government, he principal
one that remaips is this, that they laid upon
the table of Parbament too great number
of measures. Now, gentlemen, I wish pos that chargo
to make one obscrvation—it Is not exc usively in the
option of a Government to determine what measures it
whall lay on the table of Parliament. Now, gentlemen,
it 1s often said that tho present Government has had a
very easy task, because they have Leen supported by a
very larse majority [interruption], and iuferences are
drawn, perhaps by some of my fricnds—a kuot of about
a score of persons over in that quarter to the lofu (a
laugh) -to tho efl-ct tiat onr intellectual capacity must
be very narrow indeed, juasmuch #8 we have experi
anced ditheultics in doing what we wished to do while
we had thes fan cnse hiberal majonty at our backs, Well,
now, gentlemen, there is a delusion in the public mind
apon thi= subj-et, and perhaps you will be eurprised
when, not dealing with argument, but with fact, I inform
vou that we re the first Liberal Government which has
Lyver stiisled for three years with a large majority.
[Cheers] Now, inmy tune, there have Docu thice Lib
eral Gov inane nts with inrge majorities.
“lwil for toe present assuiue that as regards the
lass of zoo der sahects on wide Thad the honor of ad
deeasibe von at the time of my election, and as rezards
those hes ons to winch we have invited Parliument
Sree) Lo apply itself, you may be disposed to thimk
thal we Lave hol wade ab unreasonable or injudicious
selection,  taough we had to choose irom among Baby
matters of coep interest and importance [cheers]; and
will now say a word or two of the fuiure. [Cheers.)
There is oie measure 0 particular, or rather one set of
Jeasures, to Laing to a paintal subject oo which I cannot
bere enter into detail, I mean those measures which are
known by tie tae of the Contagious Diseases acts. I
will on y ~~ure you that they have received the close
attenhou of the Government—that we shall be ready
Wen Lhe Casio arrives ib due course to state our views,
and that, us we believe, it will then be your opinion that
we have not fallen hort of the care and interest which the
subject demands; that we have uot concealed frow our
selves tie Cobenities that beset it, aud that the wodes in
which we propose to deal with it may be likely to com
man! fh ~cueral approval of the intelligent commuuily.
(Cheers).
KEFORMING THE HOUSE 0: LORDS.
Now, g« ntl nen, there is a question of the future on
which you have heard wuch said of late. I mean the
question of the Constitution of the House of Lords.
Leave tho Constitution of the House of Lords alone 1]
Well, I am not prepared to agree with my friend there
Jucery and a laugh], because the Constitution of the
fouse of Lurds Las often been a subject of consideration
amoung the wisest and most sober-ininded men; as, for
example, when a proposal, of which my fricud disap
proves, perhaps, was midea few years ago to
wake a woderate addition to the House of
lords of J iShe holding their peeruges for life.
[Cleers.) ain net golug to discuss that particular
measure; I will only say, without entering into detalls
that would be highly interesting, but which the vast
range of the subject makes impossible on the present oc
casion=I will only say that I believe there are various
particulars iu which the Coustitution of the House of
fords mignt, under favorable circumstances, be im
Prused, (Clhieers.) And I am bound to say that, though
believe there are tome politicians bearing the nawe of
Liberal who ajprove the proceedings of the House of
lords with respect to the Ballot bill at the close of
last session [cheers and nerruption], I wust own
that 1 deeply lament toat proceeding. [Cheers]
It seems 10 me to have been a great error.
After the House of Commong, which had per
formed other aud most serious labors tor four or five
months, bad given the last six weeks of the session—six
weeks of great labor—to maturing the Ballot bill, it ap
pears to me to have been a great and grievous error—I
cannot call it otherwise—on the part of the House of
Lords, in the second week of the month of August, to gay
that, really such was the time at which they had arrived,
that it wus impossible for them to give to that measure
the number of days—not a very large number of days,
according to all precedent —it Ly have required
of them. [Cheers] Why, m 1 the House of
Lorde, which had a Conservative majority, in the
face of the Whig Guverument, dove:sd not only the
wonth of August, but carried September the fabars
necessa n for a subject not more important than the bal
Hg he FARE nd ly, the By hi a
uto pu mely, pa
Corporations. But the ou of Lorn at that time wa
as
led by a reat "Conservative MO
guided by the Duke of Wellington and though I, for m;
own part, am uot able on all other points to admire th
statesmanship of the Duke of Wellington, I shall alway
Frotonnaly admire the tact, the skill, the sound constitu
ional principle with which he wauaged the House o
Lords so as to prevent the placing of that Payiculs
branch of the Legislature in dangerous conflict with th
Joy iar and with the semtiment of the country
neers,
But, gentlemen, the reform of the House of Lords
which has been recommended in many quarters, is briefly
this—and here I shall agree, perhaps, with my honorable
triend, if I uay so call Lim, or he will agree with me—
the reform recommended is this, that we should eject
and expel from the House of Lords what is called the
hereditary Yiacipie. JGsens and Interruption.] Now,
gentlemen, I hope that Iam at least in earnest and sin.
cere intention what is called a Liberal politician; but
betove I agree and before I commit myself to
expelling from the House of Lords the hereditary
pi tiple, 1 will tuink once, IT will think twice,
will even think thrice. [Cheers.] It is not on
account of tuis or that particular error com:
mitted by a public gsselably tuat we are vitally or pro
foundly to “hunge the established and accustomed usages
and prine.ples of the Constitution. (Cheers.| Now,
mark what buppe ed. Lord Bhaftesbury, whow I weu
tion with a profound respect on account of his earnest
and devoted philanthropy —Lord Shalvesomy went down
to Glasgow, und received at Glasgow, 1 believe, a most
warm welcome on the part of the vast Ropulaiion, and
the working population of that city. en that oc
curred some threw up their hats and said, “The people of
Glasgow upjrove of Jad Shaftesbury ’s motion with re
kard to the Ballot bill.” I think that was a precipitate con
clusion [cheers], but 1 think it showed this, that the
people of Glasgow, being a sagacious people, were
not disposed ou account of that particular error to draw
a rapid and precipitate conclusion either againgl a man
or against a body who had performed distinguished ser
vice. [Cheers.] No, gentlemen, this is a question of so
wueh interest to us all that, even after the length to
which I have necessarily been drawn, I must ask you to
cousider two thlugs, Before a determine to expel the
hereditary principle from the House of Lords, T ask you,
the people of Greenwich, us TopreysLting the people
ol England, to cousider, in the first place, Wht
you will substitute for tle hereditary  prin
ciple. That's the difficulty.’ But I have another
point to suggest, and it is this. I have a shrewd
~uspicion in iny mind that a very large Joprtion of the
people of Eugland have a Sleaking kinduess for this
ucreditary prineiple. [Cheers and laughter.) I don't
wean, gentlemen, by that that a large proportion of the
people of England desire, or intend, or would permit
that which I hope they never will desire, intend, cr per
wit—nawely, that the House of Lords should exercise a
paramount influence over the legislation of the country.
jCheers,) That is quite another matter. But this I do
say, that tue peoples of England are not like the people
of France, lovers of naked political equality. (Cheers.
THE NEW BOCIAL MOVEMENT.
You have all heard of the ‘seven points.’ [Laughter.|
I an not going to enter junto the mysterious and mystical
part of that transaction, which, I have no doubt, is des
{tined, under the action of time, which brings all things
to light, to undergo further elucidation. But there is
one gentleman there 18 no doubt about at all, for he is in
the thick of it. I believe be is a very distinguished man.
Mr. Bcott Russell seems to have cast his eq around,
and, after surveying the whole circuit of the commu
nity, he thought he had got a secret whereby the discords
of classes could be removed. Bo he JFotesded 10 Stal
ize a body of workingmen whom he consi in
some QefTee great or small, I don't say—to represent
the workingmen on the one side, and: he also organ
body to represent the other classes on the other side.
Here was one body on one side, another body on t
other side, and in fhe middle Mr. Scott Russell. [Laugh
ter.] Mr. Hcott Russell comes in communication with
both of these bodies. He speaks first to the one, and
then to the other. [Laughter.) You have seen a clergy
man
first of all looks to the people in one part of the church,
and one com
93 -_ IY
a vi Co i
carry upon thelr Whe ponsliley of the
that many them perform thelr duties
in an admirable and exemplary manner. (Cheers.] Well
under these cireumsianees—and I hope while I romain
in Zohlie life I shall be able to aot gealously and cheer
fully with you for the promotion of liberal opiYions-1
for one never understood by liberal opinions eliher pre.
cipftate conclustous or subverHve conclustone, and I
trust we shall wel ider before we connrit ourselyes
to vast changes and the introduction of new principles,
and that we shall knew before we commit ourselves
something of what the results aro likely to be.”
“am A


th i
h
hey
backs
of
Mr. Gladstone retited amid uhiversal applause. &nb
sequently a motion earnestly shanking him'for bis scr
vices in the chuse of liberty and progress was carried
without a dissenting veice.
OPINIONS OF THE LONDON PRESS,
From ‘The London (Independnt) of Oat. 30,
We trust Mr. Gladstone will be content to
Jhace the main substance of his legislation Jwxt session
u remedial measures, There is no political question so
vait or urgent that we should be required so wait any
longer for that protection to life, health, and morality
which one or two simple measures already propared
would undoubtedly afford, Mr. Gladstone dwelt on a
true and useful theme in warning his artisan hearers
aguinat expecting legislation to remove all the social
evils under which they suffer. But men are apt to
fall Into this exaggeration whén they sce aronnd
them gaging abuees which could unquestionably be re
strained by the law, and when they are refused faciiitics
which, by common admission, jegislation canld afford
them, When the Legislature has done what is admitted
to be within its power, it will be time to dwell exclu
sively on the necessity for individual exertions. But, at
present, with a Mines Regulation bill PORtpencd from
year to year, a Sanitary bill wailing for the invasfon of
cholera, and the Licensing bill absorbing agitation all
over the country, individuals cannot be expee'ed to set
tle down to patieut work, 1% necds anly the will in order
to insure such measures as these boing carried, and if
Mr. Gladstone will address himself to them he will com
plete his claim to the confidence wluch his cumetituents
accorded to him on Saturday.
From The Dafly News {fea} of Oct. 1,
Mr, Gladstone has disappointed the quidnunes. His
speech at Greenwich on Buturday was siuply that of a
wemwber of Parlinment addressing his conatuicnis, and
was ju Do sense that of the Prime Minister of England
issuing a mantesto to the nation, It contained no political
revelations, let out no Cabinet seerots, and sand nothing
that any member of the Cabinet wmigut not equally Bive
said. Some anticipations of the speech Which
the public were asked to receive aa hall
anthorized revelations were altogether be
side the mark, The fears of disturbance and of failure
were equally vain, A bold experiment, the success of
which depended almost equally on ospricions weal ber
and 8 more capricious muititnde, was justified by the
completest success, The later Autumn of un E. ghsh
yeur rarely brings a more brilliant day. amd an open alr
weeting on a holiday afterncon has never brought to
gether a more uranmos and enthusiastic multitnde,
His reception was even more a personal triumph (han a
party success. Mr. Gladstene seemed even to his best
friends to be venturing moeh to win but little,
From The Standard (Comservative) of (xi. 30.
Mr. Gladstone's Blackheath speccn, though, in our
view, less objectionable and certainly less oflensive than
most of his recent harangues, cannot but have been dis
appointing and discouraging to Wis friends; aud we
incline to thank thas, whatever may have been its effect
on Saturday eveniug, the feeling of uneasiness and dis
satisfaction must nave been still greater yesterday,
when Liberal politicians had time to consider it bei
and critacally, and to weigh and perpend the real wean
ing of a tone 80 unusual, so moderate, and, above all, so
Bpulogetic We think that the more thoughtful members
of the party Ws infer from it that thelr cluef is clearly
aware that nstituents are displeased with hiw, and
that the same strange fate which pas rendered him uu
popular with large bodies of men just in proportion as he
18 Pronaly jnte ciose relations with chem, aud which Las
driven from one constituency to another in a wanner
juost unusual among English Stutesmen of the first 1uuk,
impehids over him in this last place of refuge also. ‘lhat
he should be, ever temporarily, exeluded from Parha
ment is of course neither probable nor desirable if such
a thing should happen, it would be an indication of a
serious defect in our electoral system as juackidery for
bringing the nutural chiefs of parties und rulers of the
country into the House of Comuwons; but it does seem
eminently likely that at the next geneial election Mr.
Gladstone's friends will find it exp«dient to repeat the
maneuver of 1868, and find for hiw another alternative
seat in the event of his deleat at Greenwich.
a.
THE FRANCO-GERMAN CONVENTIONS.
PRINCE BISMARCK'S EXPLANATION OF THE COM
MERCIAL AND TERRITORIAL CLAUSES.
Prince Bismarck, in his recent speech in the
Gerwan Parliament on the new Conventions with
France, gave the following explanation of the parts
dealing with the tariff on Alsace-Lorraine manufactures,
and the retrocession of territory to France:
When first we entered Wyo negotiations with France,
the Alsace-Lorraine manufseturers wished to secure for
themselves an exceptional position for five or six dears.
Thesr views were Sipporied by the representatives of
the manufacturing in rest in our own country. If the
lating were frous of retaining the use of the
ou w ran un
their powerful cotpert 3 Bit to accord such a long.
term fmpossible, If not for tmancial at say Tale fon
political reasons. It would have been unwise to
Jrolons the exceptional pas! on of the new prov
beyond the time imperatively required for the Teal
tection of commercial {inter In the original
treaty we therefore stipulated for July 1, 1873, as
the date up to which Alsace manufactures were
to be imported into France at reduced rates. I re
gret that in the new Convention I have been obliged to
consent to a shortening of this term by six months. But
as the French National Assembly have modified the orig:
inal arrangement iu 8 way unacceptable to us, and as M,
Thiers, when he took ft hos himself to settle with us on
a different basis, required some conceasion at our hands
to justify this conduct at howe, we could not but adopt
the expedient proposed by him. That it would have
been imprudent to indorse the vote of the Natioual As
sembly 1s obvious. By demanding a privileged
position for French manufactures in Alsace
sinilar to that conceded to Alsatian manufactures
in France, it aimed at constituting Alsace a sepa
rate country, which, commercially at any rate, would
have belonged to France rather thun to Germany, Had
we 0 on od this proposal, we should have been
obliged to reéstablish custom-houses on the eastern fron
tier of the new province, and to preserve it for some
time to come aa a distinct country. This was clearly not
to be thought of. Upon the whole, I think the aitcrnu
tive adopted will reconcile conflicting interests ae much
as can be expected in a matter of the kind. Where po
litical and commercial, financial and industrial Interests
clash, it is always difficult to flud an expedient equally
agreeable to all parties.
As to three villugea we cede in the Convention—Avri
oourt and the two ns—their possession is of no lm
portance to us, They are on the LIXPIGDURE FILeF,
snd belong to those localities which the French Govern
ment wished to recover after the new frontier had been
definitely fixed at Versailles. Another place of the sae
category, and which has been likewise mentioned again
in the recent negotiations, is a lui fo iron foundry known
as Moymvre; but as the mine belonging to it, under the
proposed arrangement, would nuve had to be
divided into two parts, the one German, the other
French, with a Custom-House under ground, we did
not think it Jrasticable to oblige our neighbors in this
particular, The three villages, however, are of no
special use to us. They are inhabited French-speaking
yeople, and, lying on the western declivity of the Donon
ils, give us no better frontier than we have without
them. We therefore considered them from the very out
set as something which, in return 10r a counier conces
sion, might be given 0 wi 8 good grace, and
we have, now that occasion offers, acted
upon this conviction and parted with them. We
have Ikewise resigned a emall strip of land
south of Avricourt, which concession will give the
inhabitants of this village railway communication with
France on French territory. As an equivalent the
Freuch engage to build us the now terminus we in con
Sequeog require on our side of the frontier. Bome
valuable forests, situate in these communes, we have
not given up. They are Crown lands and worth money.
In recommending to you to confirm the Convention, I
am ready to answer amy questions that may be put
respecting the nature and bearing of the new agreement,
The financial and territorial portions of the new agree
ment form an indivisible whole and it is very derirable
that we shonld be soon in a position to inform The French
Government of our wish to exchange ratifications.
EE ——mu—
PRESIDENT THIERS PROMISES TO UPHOLD
THE FRENCH REPUBLIC.
M. Thiers received on the 26th ult. the
members of the CouncilfGeneral of the Department of
the Beine-et-Olse, upon which occasion he spoke as
follows:
You have all of you well understood me when I say
that I am not wan of purty. Iam a Frenchman in
trusted with the task of he Hiog sno fons to emerge
from a cruel crisis. I am not author of the Ragublic,
but I have received it as a trust. Iam a man of honor,
and that trust shall not perish in ny hands nor through
deed of mine; but the mistrust which the Re
pubic inspires in many demands from all Repub
foans ao strong attachment to the cause of order.
The Republic has need to be wiser than a monarchy, and
to show that it can exist side by side with order and re
speot for the laws. The Government was energetic and
resolute in the war which I was forced, although with a
bleeding heart, to wage against the insurgents of Paris.
It wishes now to be moderate, but it will not allow any
one to disturb order, Huog pubis peace is indispensable
to liberate our country. eo must inspire confidence in
foreigners, and prove to them that Frauce is recovering,
#0 that they may go and free our soil. We have not been
able Lo recaln our glory at the point of the sword. We
must hasten our liberation by work and order—by efforts
and sacrifices on the part of all.”
and says, ‘You will find it written so and so,’ and then
to the other side of the congregation, ‘You will find it
xo and 80." (A lsugh.] This is exactly, or almost exactly,
what seems to have been done by Mr. Scott Russell. The
only difference is t unfortunately, Mr. Scott
Russell gives a text out of one Testament to the people
on this side, and text out of the other Testament to the
people on the other {Much lsughter.] But the
point to which I wish to call your attention .is this—the
~itisa v harrow aig a very clear one—
Wi i position oy be had Bl De
nature and com) 0 or
He might Lave said I have organi De had Of funiied.
intelligent, independent men, an ha
IN RFE RITTINOCK
“H. V. R.” writes to The Cincinnati Com
mereial, fropn Atlants, sn interesting Jaster font Gov.
Bullock’s resignation, in which he relates somsé conversa
tions which he has held with prominent officers of tue
Btate. Referring to Bullock's Jetter, he says:
have in another country, Bot
ange bo 1 He said I have organized this body, and
does it contain? It contains lords, baronets,
3 Eo anc san have ow (0 Spesilons of
wide fon be used the’lan
to this side of the oo
which would be their s; prt pn
ble ympathies
ings, sad 80 Rf tel out thas there was but ode com
I will tell you why Bullock ran away. He had issued
to H. J. Kimball pl frre all the bonds going to the
Macon and Brunswick Road—ever $5.000,000~while stil]
the read lacked 75 miles of being completed. The work
is now sopped, snd the Btate has of course been swin
dled. Kim ran short of jupds, and gut the Governor
to over-issue the amount of due him, so hat he
3 y]utiiocate thom. He deposited them ja Now
ynoner in illustrious
missioned
table. |Laughter.
men as
ork, obtained an advance of 60 cents on the dollar,
When the time came to redeem, he could not do it, snd
as the Legislature Waa 8DOG} $0 66t, they Wariid be sure
to unearth the whole thing, expose fraud, and
impoper Bullock for vidlaiing the law. When Kimball
he he will make
to those for whom it was
tml pepest, bh mater Lun chs nly bs
AL 1)
{udnd by long course of ObeeEVALONS but thir} do day
my own eon neral
Bullock made fran Coils 10 fut the
mousy himsolt, 80 as to get back the bon By Mw
that ball had not been overpaid, but he failed, Bome
of the lessees of the State road proposed to help him,
but all would not consent to it when they found she
amomt was 8o large. This last, however, is mere rumor,
At all events Bullock fuiled to raise the wind sufficient
to set himeclf square on the record, and went to New
York to see whit be could do there. He had bis resigna
of the of this country is they think in
way or other that the people who compose the
House of Lords in 8 v large proportion are either
ey ves men or the descendants of men who were
the House of Lords for public services [cheers]
und where men have been put io the House of s for
lio serviees thoy are disposed
to look with considera
ile favor upon the descendants of such men until they
have proved themselves unworthy. [Cheers] They
know, too, that in fact and not by cowpulsion, but by
the free will of the people, this body of gentloweon culled
re Lh BM Ts a) rr Ev T 4 9
tam AMAT BSR Loh Tend tet
be contd fy flow
arrangement i] certain
ment staring Alm ia the be back, he let fly
Lis address and Teal xaation, SI Poort fhe away. ~The
conspiracy against him was none other than a determi
nation to impeach him If he had misappropriated the pub
lio funds, I i foujt not Jay ed against
him, and a clear take thade ‘ort, Ht oni vA have beet
impeached. The Demcoracy of this State are not ant
fous, to make a martyr of Bullock, and the majority of M10
Legislature are not the men to cHmmit perjury to reu've
an lanocent man, espiociully #0 when he hos only sone 12
mouths to serve. Not two weeks ago Bullock foul me
that the present Teglslatore wag one of the bess thet had
ever been elected mo Georgia; that they were oipabio
and honest, although Democratic, and much beter rep=
resentatives of the people than the last one.
W-YORK “DANY {hit
Dr. Angier, the State Ticasurer, 1s represented as say
Ing:
“But T doubt ihe could escape Impeachmt, even it
he could got this Macon and Bruusyick Rafkoad patter
arrauged, Ho Las used $3,000,000 of Btate sods papers
in some way, nebody kuows how, He Was pertoctly
reckless (n financial mattors, the State's As well as his
own, He bad nothing when he went jo office, and 1
am told that on his place above here he bis spent $35,000.
Thén he had used an immengs amonnt fr pohtieal pur
Pleo, Hi bills at Washington were ery heavy wbeh
Je was Jobhying there, as one ftrm gmoanted to near
$5,000, which bho explained that he uscd to buy up
Forney’s Chronicle. In addition to buying np pipes
ebroad, bo had about all in (Lis Stateln tow. Toone littlo
paper in Covington, With neith'r readers nor In
fluence, he paid over £3,000 in two ponths, The conntry
pers used to bring fu such enorions bills—frequently
times larger than the whole print shop was worth—
that I stopped paying them, it wis such a downright,
unmitigated swindle. Well, Ballock goes to work and
has the Leglelature a law, aud bere it is (showing
me the act), compelling me te Ray all printing claims,
and all others that he appreved. They had my hands
tied then, and went on with (heir swindles, One editor,
who had little office that you could have put fn a wheel
barrow, told me that he wouldn't wanta beter tuing
than to get to do Baltlock’s prinhie for a year,”
i Dr. Angier hers sbowed ue aliddle pamphlet of laws,
about 80 paces of large type, and wanied to know what
1 guessed Bulleck paid for 10,000 copies, I put the figure
Nigh, and said $3,000. “Xo,” said the Doctors “he paid
$11,000, and I am told by experienc ed printers that a nau
call wake money to do the Jon for ©1500 or $2,000. Tot
is a specimen of (he manner in which he throws around
the 100s money.”
er wm—r—
PY ITONFST FRIE RAILROAD EMPLOYE-.
John Demarest, employed as baggage-master
by the Erfe Railway Company over 20 years. and stationed
for several years past ut the Pavonia Ferry-House, foot
of Chambers-at., with his sons, Corpeliug T. and J. Or
ville Demarest, nsgietant baggage-masters, Was, on Sat
uray, arrested by detoctivea in the employ of the Com
pany, on a charge of cubezzlement, t has been sns
Peete that the prisoners were defranding the Company
w retaining a portion of the money paid them for
“over-welght” bugeago. It was uscertained by detect
ives (hat they were in the habit of retaining various
sums daily, and making fulse entries on their check
books to cover vp the Aeficieney, They retained from
$10 to 820 a day. During Octeber and November the de
tectives found that they had embezzled between $500 and
$600. It 18 believed that their dishoueet operations have
continued several vears, The prizoners were committed,
yesterday, by Justice Hog:n, at the Tombs, John N. Ab
Jott, Assistant General Passenger Agent of the Erie
Railway, making complaint against them for three
amounts, varying from #7 to £10. They confeesed their
gniit, and the elder Demarest, who has property at
Hackensack, N. J., expressed a wish to make restitution,
rr
POLICE MATTERS—SERGEANT LOONIE TRANS
FERRED,
Sergeant Loonie having failed to secure the
election of John J. Bradley as Senator, Capt, John Cam
eron has been restored to the command of the Eighteenth
Precinet Bes, He was serenaded on Saturday even
ing, at the Eaat Twenty-second-st. Police Station,
speeches being made by Capt. Cameron, Henry L. Clin
ton, and others. The feeling against Berveant Loonie
was 80 bitter in the precinct as to render his removal
TOSOMsALY.
The following transfers of Sergeants have heen made
James Loonie, from the Eighteenth to the Niucteenth
Precinet, and subsenneuLly to the Sixth; Daniel
Davenport, from the Sixth to the Tenth: E. P. Whit
comb, from the Tenth to the Nimeteenth; Franeis J.
Banfield, from the Eighteenth to the First, and F. B,
Randall, from the First to the Eighteenth. Other
changes are anticipated, including the transfer of Capt,
Edward Walsh from the Fourteeuth to an Rhiows Pre
cinet. for his action during the recent political campaign,
An investigation has been begun in the ease
of John O'Brien, who died suddenly last Friday night, in
a liquor store at Avenue B and Eighteentb-st. It was
supposed that he had died from intemperance, but a
post-mortem examination revealed a fracture or 16 ped.
tion. of he skull, which was evidently the result of vio
1] C) hada fight on Oct, 10 with Edward McGorry,
onthe at of Twentieth-st., a ay se
rir EX
were 0 10 ex
it araed by others thst he probe 1 while
am atenck his t the pavement.
rry was locked up in the Bast Twenty-seoond-st,
Police-Btation, to await the result of the Coroner's inves

George C. McDougall filed a voluntary peti
tion in banktuptey last week, and Isaac L. Corwin,
Edwin P. Corwin, and Frederic Goodridge received als
charges in bankruptey.
Surrogate Veeder of Kings County admitted
to probate, last week, the wills of the followin:
Margaret N. ished. Ann Lewis, Adam Kol), James Daffy, and James
McGovern, all of Brooklrn, Let ers of administration were granted on
the estates of Philip Hatin of New-Lots: Marr McCann, Mary Elbert,
James Commerford, Elizabeth Smith. William F. Lyons, Margaret Fitz
vimmons. Philetta Wood, and William H. Robinson, ull pg Sg
Letters of gUatiasiniy of the persons and estates of Florence M. W nods
and Ids T. Woods were granted to Klizaleth M. Barnard, their mother:
of George L. Barter, William M. Barker, Josephine Barker, Joha
Barker, Kia Barker, and Franklin Barker, to yo Barker. all of
Brooklyn; of Ida Voorhees, Hetty Ann Vourlees, and John W, Voorhees,
to Jobn I. Lott, all of Flatlands.
BE.
At the Essex Market Police Conrt, John Campbell
of Sixteenth-st, wan committed, yestenlay, for firing a loaded revolver at
Henry Wickmau of No. 6 Centre Market-place
At the Tomba Police Court, yesterday, Justice
Hogan eommitted Andrew Hutchinson for stealing a pocket-hook, con
taining $6, from the pocket of George Moore of No. ¥7 James st,
In the United States Circuit Court, on Saturday,
Judge Benodict passed the jollowing sedivtices James Quimby, dealn
{n counterfeit money, Sve years at hard labor in the Kings Coant Per
tentiary Rruest Koff. same ile, two years and eight months William
Rbodie, same crime, seven years
At the Jefferson Market Police Court, William H.
Trnves, clerk, was committed, vesterday, for stealing silks and other
ouds, value $4,000, from the store of his employers Svan Gavdaer k
En a No. 577 Broadway. William Robowky of No. 143 Orchanl-et,
and Joseph Schurad of No. 66 Delancey-st., were also committed for ve
ceiving some of the goods stolen by Isasca....Anoa Cox of No, 434
Sixth-ave. for stealing a pocket-book containing $240 trom Heury Van
dermark of No. 20 Broome-st.
Cornelins O'Sullivan, a commission broker, living
in Eighv-enth-st., was committed to the Tombs yesterday on com
Isint of Daniel Noonan, dealer in fexthers. at No. 27 City Trai lace.
fs is slicged that sn Nov. 2 the prisoner obtained from No. 167 Vom
wich-st. feathers worth $1,070, to sell on commission to A. D. De Comeaan,
No. 35 Mercerst. Ii bas since been ascertained that this firm knew
nothing of the arrangement, and O'dulivan, who bad meanwhile dis
posed of the goods, was arrested on a charge of fraud.
Pt.
AANA ANTAYI ANI NY 24.
Common Pleas—Special Term—Bv Judge Lousw,—
Conklin agt. Conklin. —Motion for alimony and counsel fe Ro
COURT CALEN
SrpruuE COUKT—UHAMBERS
2..Brummer agt. Wartharg.
25.. Lake agt. Abrams,
26. .8mith sagt. Davis,
42: Jogerilt axt. Roe.
1RcIT—PART L.—VaAN B
Teller sgt. Routh.
377..N. Y. Guaranty snd ln
demnity Co. Fiyon.
211,. Trenton Irom agt. Lang:
don Koltiag Co.
199}, Winch agt. Mayor.
151. Jafhey agt. Liv, N. T., and
1094 Cre Brae.
35. Sous sgh Staten sland R. B.
387, Jonas, ke., agt. Staten Island
E R. Co.
431..Jacobs sgt. O'Brien, Sherif,
ke.
Parr I1.—Adjou
Burznion Covrr—TriAL Taks

583, .Aring O’Brien, 84'L, ke.
535, Klee iy Badesbop. h
1106, Problickela ot al agt. Hel:
Jer ot al
641. .Plllotte agt. Herman,
a41..Culb nan agt. O'Brien, Bber
831.. Levi et al. agt. Bridgewater
Pt and Cc Yorks yew
Paxr BAtle
Coumon Prmas—TriAL 8
fet dow
083, Smith agt. McGovern.
P44. Archer et #l. at. Biking of al.
X5.. Wise act. Broadway aud Ber:
euth-ave. R, R. Co,
181..Maffeney, laf. agt, Nuphy
993... Brosu agt. Rich,
x. to agt. Derker et sl.
M1 ate. B. Same.
1030, Ruglish
1064. West fa 3
N.S o's, a Wright
1002. .Ramme Same.
Txau—0. P. Day
155. Rank Trapp
ot
Non
7
«Noyes tes,
TAL5, Tethill agt, Crotty,
Pa
TIE, Smith ag. Momntcasin fy
6824, ,McLernon
13, Hen ai Harriosn,
7404. Nelson agt. Belios.
Jo12. Maurer ugt. Honwek

6. H

Art.
Sarer
AN ALTIFCED HOMICIDE.
THE COURTS,
CIVIL NOTES
CRIMINAL COURTS.
NFEFCIRIONS. Novy 11
COURT CALENDARS <Twuis Davy.
JARS ~Tuis Dav.
~BxapY, J.—Cpea st 10 3. m,
64. Wile at W boss,
102. Winter agt Liviogston.
100. McKinley agt. Lamb.
Unt, J —~Opens at 10§ a. m.
374. Lindsley agt. European Ps
troleum Uo.
147. Voight agt, Great Western
Ins. Co.
178. Rollins set. Moynagh,
#1}. Sepuniet yt Continental Tus,
325, .Penmcola Lumber Co. agt
Gilehrin, Jr
13..Jabn ag. Mayor,
191.. Taylor agt. O'Conner et al
$n. Be at. Jatvia ut al
2 pileton.
03: Hale o aL ug O'Brien, ke.
S04) -Schewier ag, reuss ot al,
1023, Lewis agt. Or Brien Sheriff ke.
ned for the Term.
Pant L—McCoxw, J. ~Opens at

1077. Brodie sgt. O’Brien, SV'F, ke.
677. Palmer apt. Marshall,
1189. .Kteele agt. Page.
120)... Genin sagt. Watts.
ngton evYman,
1213. Martine ot Takia etal,
025. .Dament sagt. Rickert.
1215. .Mitebel agt. Gordon etal,
med for the term,
-Pary L—J. F. Davy, L—Opens
am
canes,
Wu. Quinton agt. Bixth-ave. Bail.
read Co,
#12, Cameron sgt. Derkhelim,
Kd. Owen sgt. Iawpence,
1080, Maas of al art, Brow gaa.
Yorr. Dlakih bat. faith.
46, Friedman et sl. of Hirsch,
47..Nuba of ab agt. Terhune.
LJ. stile m
1068. os ot al. agt, Towle
£20, Ritter Varderworth,
105. Meir oft Thind ave. RB. R,
10834, Mason,
1084. Shaw iy
1658. Bank, N, Y, agt.
o. Rirve ob 3l
Am,
154 Tot agt. Cambreling.
ant LJosowtmany, J. —Opens
am y
inst.
WOT, Leng ot. Trabert.
NOS. agar apt, Jones.
1400..J agt Lewis
1410,. The Belectie Life Tesuranee
Oo. agt. Parley,
Conn, J,
1637. Baume agt. Game.
1833. Didtinsen uw. Mills.
T me.
dT voy Se il
1983. Welch prague
1744. .Becor Ae i bly
#10... Harris agt, Fuller,
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 16871"
Board of 0
Seren SESRION,
OFmOIAL.) _ BATURDAY, Noy. 11, 1871-2 o'clock hy
The Board met in Tiolr Chainber, No. 15 City Hall,
pursuant to adjournment.
Frog Thu Coman, en. Provident, and Aldor.
men Utmglog sr tuddy,, ing M ver, ‘Neill,
piankitt, yy Ete Rhng Wein, airman.
Tye minutes of meeting held Nov. 9 were read
and approved.
RESOLUTION 218
By Alderman MeKidver, ip OY i
Lesolved, Toat permission be given to F. Gohe, proprie
tor of the building now fa the course of erection at No.
114 East Fourtventh-st., fo erect a portico over the an
trance, not to extend outwardly more than 5 foot inghos
by 13 feet 6 inches in length, at his own exprnse and
under the direction of the Commissioner of Public Works
the permission hereby gifen to coytinue only dartug the
pleasure of the Common Council,
COMMULICATIONE ORDERED ON PITE,
From the Conmisaloner of Public Works, transmitting
yvartons apportlonments of assessienia,
On motion, the Board adjourned until 15th inst. at 2
o'clock p. 1m. Jonx HARDY, Clerk.
nnn
DEPARTURE OF FOREIGN MAILS.
No Steamship Malle
FOR LIVERPOOI~In steamshin Atlantic, Nov, 11.~Ferl. 8, Wins
Jo, Hor van Winslow, Francs Winslow, Mp. J. UH. Burton, C] rk C,
Burton Frank V. Bartou, KE. K. Ba-geant, YW. OG. Dorr, HH. H. Perkins
and budy. W., H. Charman, Rev. A, N. Wyckoff, Rev, H. B. Waite. Rev.
Jas Milliken sud lad, Dr. A. Douglass Hall, Mgjor W. L. Hall iu,
Stead. Dr. Alonzo Towle, George Cooke and lady, J. 1. Underid and
lady, Master Underhill, Mrs Alezunder Bunton, Jobn (i, Cockin, Bou
Jamin Seawand, M. Canavan, Mrs. J. Walters, David Douglass Wor
and lady, Mrs. J, Wat er«, Miss E. Burk, Mr. 8'sson, W, T. Smith, P.
Gleason, A, W, Baroard, F. M. Miliau, E. A, Brtiam, Rogers IL Rich,
Thomas Ismay, jr., Chas. Kearney, J. D. Wattles and lady, Herman
B.riels, ladys and eLild;«W. I. Hill, Mr, llartsorn, H. L. Jaqnes, Leo
Bina, B. Hal eman, 1%. A. Movow, Rohert Woodward, C. D, Daggett,
Ceorge Crouch, Joha Jos. Abraham and lady, Mr, Lee. T. C. Brady, J.
C Fuxiu, Fdwin B. diol Jae. P. Farrell, Mrs, Magee, Mrs. Jos. T.
Sabine, R. BH, Whitney, Geo. North, [r.
FOR LAY EF POOL~In 8 eamship Calabria, Nov. 1L.—Joha Rice,
Wm. Birkett, the Rev. P. McDowall; Mr. and Mrs. James H. Barton, 7
childr-n apd intant, Mr. snd Mrs F. M. Ballon, Tuomas Harbison, L
Counoe James Watt C. Duulop, Miss Virginia Zabrkl, Thies Potts,
A.A Davies, Mr, and Mea. Win. H. Ballon, R. C. Watsan, E. Phillips,
Pokert Barbour, Davispn, 8. Smith. Ed, Webb, Mr ani Mee 8,
Mache. M ss Cegilia Marks, i ster Joel Marks, Miss Leonora Marks,
Mia Whitoek. C. RB, Baker, Wm. J. Lowry. O. A. Gager, Mrs. M. A.
Hatets and danglter, H. G. Huntington, Mes. Huntington, 'rof. J. 8.
Lombard, Mrs, M. 8. GI Mis McDowell, Mrs. Houghton, 6 cliluren
and 2 maids, Wen, McCartney.
FOR LIVERPUOL—In steamship Italy, Nov. 11.—W. Han‘mann,
Miss Hanfmann, the Rev, A. F, Park, J. MeDonald. Miss K. O'Flaning
ham. Capt. Selwyn, the Rev. M. Jowett, Mr. nod Mrs. Jobson, W. Kane,
Miss Kane, Mra. W, Kane, C, Undeiwood, P. Lyueh, Mrs. I Lyneh Me.
Garcia Mr. Joes, Mrs. I, Millookines, Miss KB, Milloukines. J. Farne
work. W. II Hedre, P. Williams, Mrs. Wilhams, Master Walia.
FOR LIVERPOUL~In steam hip City of Paris, Nov, [L.—~3m. M.
Jones. 8. M. Burton, Thos. Sherman, the Rev, Mr. Lawrence, Andrew
Cleary, CO. H. Blake, Biss Blake, Thomas Saxage, Mr. Emery 1. H.
Dolley, Miss Mattock, the Rev. W. Cai, the Rev. John He ter, Iishop
Stevens and wife. A. D, Souv.one, Patrick Callaghan, Mrs. L. Loew, G.
H. Chapin, H, Hater, Marvin Wilson, Countess de Buiignas and ma'd.
FOR BAVANNAH —In steamship Montzomery, Nov. 11.—R. W. Hol
combe, 8. Halliday, Miss C. BE. Wiliams, Miss P. A. Williatos. W. C.
Doxberry, J. H. Ktanwood, M. Il, Hooghton, lady and 2 children, Mr.
Watkins, lady, 2 chiliren sad servant, Georgs Niclols, J. Jackson,
Fra: k smith. James Winns.
FOR LONDOX—In s earuship Brin, Nov. 11.—J. H. Jones, Mrs. J. TI.
Jones, Mrs, Skinner, Muss Skinner, F. Marshall, Mrs. F. Marshall, i
Maraball, Mr. Daniels, Mrs, Daniels, Mr. Lepeht, Mrs. Lepelt, Miss

0
DPASSIENQCERS ARLRIVED.
FROM BREMEN, steamship Weser, Nov, 1l=Marie Rolker II, B.
Jones and wite, bmilie Halbach, Mrs. Bernard, Gustav Schulz, H. Holz
mann, Geo. Halbach, C. P. Wetmore. Jos. Beroard, Mrs A. Nicoll, Mrs.
L. Moore F. Artazer, O. Faber, A. Walters, Mrs Warren. Mee Hailey,
C. Rolker, John A. Peter and mister. Wm. Thies and son. Mathilde Vor
werk, Emma Peitg, Carl Kehuppis, Oscar J. Meyer, Maria Doug, Ida
Maller, P. N. Brickwedel and danzhter, [da Zaha, Willy Abrens, Monts
Bodenheimer, Adolf ives, P. Mehlinger. Joins Bickel, Regina Benesch,
H. Klebgen and fam ly. Jos. K hn aod dinghter, Carl Wurser, B. Anthony,
W. Palmer, M. Taylor, A, heis. C. Owspooll sod 4 children, C. Wert snd
4 children, Anton Gessler, Louise Frev, Barbarajlerch, Amelie Geierlorf,
Marie Rich, Auns Klopfeostein, Henry Baamann. Solomon Goldmann and
wife, Pritz Keunen, W. apnhorst and family, G.Wienken, Louise Klein,
Dr. C. A. Raliter, Jobn G Thuman. F. Westheimer. Conrad Eberaard,
John Wientjer, Mrs. Wm. Martini. Jacob Kiefer and wife.
FROM STETTIN, #ieatubip Prati, Nov. 11—Anna Koppen, Aug.
Neumann, M. Stranz, Sophie Fhecte, Richard Grosehel, M. Greiferts,
John Horner and soghter, Ferdinand Bergemann.
FROM GLASGOW —lu steamship iy 1 Nov. 12,—Miss M. Allan,
Miss J. A. Cla ton, Mr. W. Wallace, Jas. dhitayy, D. Marray and lads,
J. sacle, J. Dunsl ison and family, 8, Andarson, J. Taffert and wife, W.
H. Clark, D. 8 Cramb and lady, Mrs EK. H, Williams and Tomily, Ww. Ww,
Olen, W. McGowan, Miss M. E. Loagery, the Rev. P. Gallagher, T.
‘owan.
MINIATURE ALMANAC,
SUN F8C8. en... 6:44 Sun seis. 4:44 Moon rises........ 5:42
AlN WATER THIN DAY,
sandy Hook.... 8:01 Gov's Island. 914, Hell Gate Ferrv...10:32
SHIP ING INTELLIGENCE,
PORT OF NEW -YOKK
PORT OF NEW-YOKK .......ccovnnees...NOVENBRR 11,
CLEARED.
fteamship Atlantie (Br.), Perry, Liverpool, J. Hyde Ske
Steamship Calabria (Br.), Mchicken, Liverpoul, C. G. Franek,
Steamship City of Paris (Br.), Mirchouse, Liverpool, Jobn G. lle.
Steamship Ttaly (Br.). Grogan, Liverpool, Nat o.al Steamship
oestsl by Main (N. UG Von Outerendorp, Bremen via Southuupton
Irie] Co.
oS wnibip Bolivar, Bvaus, Galveston and Key West, C, H. Mallory
Co.
New-Orleans, H. B. Cromwell Co.
BEI Ses Fernandina, Jaa. Hand.
oes Whttars. Otorseswa, D. 6, Gon B. Merrick.
Steams Wrasoke, Bourus, Richmond, City Point, and Norfolk, OM
Desminios Hrs mahip
Bteamsb! ile. Dodi Philadelphia, Lorillard Steamship Co.
Steamdbip Sarab, Jones, Philadelphia.
Bteamabip A. C. Biiners, Davis, Philadelphia,
Steamship Bristol. Wallace, Philadelphia,
Steamwhip M. Mas<ey, Bmith, Philadephia.
Steamship Wamsutta, Fish, New: Bedford, Ferguson Wood.
Steamship Alliance, Shute, Salem,
Steamship Australia (Br.), Hedderwick, Liverpool and (ilasgow, Hen:
dorwon Broa,
Blcamsbip City of Galveston, Ellridge, Galveston and Key West, C, H.
Mallory Co.
Steamship United States, Brown, New-Orleans, Hl. B. Cromwell Co.
Steamship Ban Ralvador, Nickerson, Savannah, W. R. Garrison.
Bteamship Manhat:an. Woodbull, Charleston, H. RB. Morgan &Co,
Steamship Geo. B, Upton, Roberts, Richmond, City Point and Norfolk
Washington Co.
Steamship 1sase Bell, Blakeman, Norfolk, City Polut and Richmond,
0d Domiaion Steamship Co.
Btenmshiy Neptune, Baker, Boston, H. FP. Dimock.
Bhip Harvest Queen, Janssen, bverpedL Charles IH. Marshall Co,
Ship Tamerlane, Sumner, Antwerp yd Hincken,
Bark Assunta, {lial Lauri, Bristol, Eog., E. E. Morgan Sons,
Bark 8t. Mary, Holloweil, Havre, Boyd Hincken.
Bark Abenleen, Treat, Galveston, Snow Burgess.
Brig Herald, Heuson, Cardenas, A Brive ter
Behr. Ida Lewis, Henstis, Galveston, C. H, Mallory Co.
Behr. Hioterprise, Luigbton, Jacksonville, Bentley. Miller Co.
Nebr. Ben, Davis, Wi lofted, N. C., E. 8. Powell,
Schr. Nelly Porter, Gaskill, Washington, N. W. K. Hinman Co.
Sclir, Helen, Berry, Baltimore.
Scur. Emerald, Decatur, New- Haven,
ARRIVED.
Steamablp Franklin, (N. G.), Dryer. Stettin Oet, 10, Christiansand
151h, and Halifax Nov. 8, with mdse, and pass. to Wendt Rammelsbarg.
Steamship Allemannia (Ger.), Barends, Hamburg Oct. 28, with mdse,
and pass. to Kanhardt k Co,
Steamship Titian (Br.), Buchanan, Sydney, C. B., 7 days, with coal
to Tuternational Coal and Railway Co.
JRamitily Francoais, Bragg. Portland, with mdse, &o., to J. FP.
mes.
Steamship Wyanoke, Boaree, Richmond, Clty Point, and Norfolk, with
mdse, and pass. to Old Dominion Steamship Co.
Bia Annie Eldridge, (arr. 9th), Clifford, Miragoane 18 days, with log
wood.
Kehr. Prances G, Davis (of Harwich), Phillips, Ocho Rios, Jam., 17
das, with fruit.
®ehr, Caledonia (of Parrshoro, N. 8.), Layton, Wentworth, N. 8,, 10
days, with plaster.
behr. Phebe, Hewitt, Havana 10 days, with fruit.
Behr. Martha A., (Br.), Carver. 8t. John, N. B.. with lansber.
SCHOONERS—RIVEE AND COASTWISK.
Wigwam. Elizabeshport. E. Flower, Elizabethport.
Raw. Weller, Rizabethrort. J. H. Bartlett, blisanetbport,
New Regulus, Ellizabethpors, 5, ki. Wright. Elisabethport.
Wm. BR. Mitchell, Elizabethport, White Swan, Elizahetbport,
Mira A. Pratt, Efizabethpor:. William Capes, Port Jobuson.
amiond, Port Johnson. Ellen Baxter, Port Johasoo,
B. 8. Lewis, Rockland. Lizzie Brewster, Jonesport.
Klectrs Providence, H. E. Wellman, Oslais,
Wm. B. Thomas Dighton. Thos. T, Tasker, Boston.
Anaie May. Boston. A, Ferrill, Elizabethport,
Ariadne, Port Johnson, Plow Soy Port Johnson.
Banwick, Port Johnson, Gen. Gillum, Cromwell, ('t,
Connecticut, New Haven, B. E. Sharpe, Warren, R, 1.
Bedabedoe, Vinalhaven, Rachel Vannaman, Boston.
J. G. Hunington. Providence. Althea, Salem,
G. A. Hayden, Portland, Ct. Union Flat, Hurricane Island,
E. M. Fox, Greenport. Splendid, Wareham,
M. P. King, New-Haven.
Bteamships- Main, for B BAILED: ou
team. for Bremen; Atlantic, Calabria, City of Pa
Italy. for aero t Australia and Bidonian, for Glasgow; ia. ol
London; Oity of Galveston, for Galveston; Cortes and United States, for
New-Orleans; Mareedita, for Peruandina, Fis; Han Salvador ous
gomery, for Bavannah; Manhattan, for Charleston; Wyanoke, Isaac Bell
and George B, Upten, for Richmond. L
ARRIVED... Sunday, Nov, 12.
Bteamship Europa (Br.), Campbell, Glasgow vis Morville Oct. 28, with
mdse. and to Henderson Bros.
Mveamablp E C Kuight Johnson, Georgetown, D. C,, with mdse.
and pass. to Geo. B. Merrick.
Russian Klipper Abreck, Capt. Schants, Madeira 32 days, arrived in the
Lwwer Bay last night.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Qurzxsrowy, Nov. 11. —The Cunard steamship Samaria, Capt, Bil.
linge, from Boston Oct, 31, arrived at this port to-day. oa air log
parcels and pases gers proceeded for Livezpool, The National line
steamship Ragland gh Aadrews, from Now-York Oct. 38, arrived hare
yesterday, baring ly passengers, fréoesded for Fiverpool, The
Guion live steamship Wisconsin, Capt. Williams, from New- Nov,
artived bere thié movaing snd protneded for Liverpool,
Purmourn, Nov. 1l.— -American steamship Holsa
Capt. Meier, from New-York Oct. 31, arrived at this esterday, Hy
having landed d jassingers and Boglish malls, proceeded for Haabury
[For Latest Ship News see Fifth Page.)
HEATER for SALE.—One large heater also,
desks and counter. Apply #8 German Up Town Savings Bank,
#08 and A Third-ave. am
JOHN HENRY,
8 COLLEGE-PLACE,
NEW-YORK,
luvites the attention of the trade 10 his stock of
DRUGGISTY SUNDRIES,
PERV! ERIRS,
FINE HAIR DRUAHES,
ody GOODS, YOAPS,
Fure!gn importations just received for the Pull trols.
CHIISTN..8 GIFTS,
FANCY GOODS IN T VARIETY.
from all the ia the fife th
Ey real E rag We
t WHITE SULPHUR (Va), MISBISQUOL,
%0 cases How ‘x sroox

sock of geod o ae ind In 827 sme sviabbrimt i world, Lr
Dealers tavited to
EG CHICAGO FIRE
did not destroy the Mansfpetory of the
and all orders, with the will ys
y be flied as namal, with.
out delay. All ah ts wil 1h, amd
7 MORE THAN ONS MILLI 15 Li vsE 17,
AN vatebiad Wome vi AERLLA TO)
p
sroped B.C, GOODRICH, 4h Heyy coors are de
Ww AN T ED=PR ESEES and TYPE. for coun
rien, copdong, Kou bo Boa 1% Task TW full varsiculass of
It
eae


Beard of Aldermen.
MONDAY, Nov, 12
PASSENGERS RATTLED.
MINIATIIRE AI MANAC
Miscellaneons.
REAL ESTATE.
NEW-YORK, Saturday, Nov. 11, 1871.
The market has been quiet to-day, no public
anles having been made at the Exchange Salesroows.
For the coming week several important sales are
announced, On Wednesday Messrs. V. K. Btevernson
Son will sell under a judgment in partition, house and lot
No. 823 West Thirty-fifth-st., bonuses and lots Nos. 46 and
50 Bouth Float, Brookiyn, house and lot No. 275 South
Flrst-st,, Klyn also, 10 aeres of land with bhildings
at ast Staten Island, The sale is peremptory.
“Yoseph McGuire will sell on Thursddy, at ghe Exchange,
63 valnable lots locuted on Now-ave,, Onehundredan
fittieth, One-hundred-and-fifty-uinth Oneuandredand
forty-third, One-hundred-angd-forty-first, Onehundred
and-fortieth-sts., Seventh, Tenth, and Ninth-aves., Onc
hundred-and-twenty-second,  Onehundredandtwenty
first, One-hundred-and-forty-eizhth, and Onehundred
and-forty-seventb-ats, This eale is lo partition, and all
the proseny offered will be absolutely sold to the highest
bidder. Maps and full PATHeRIars will be given previous
to the sale on application to the auctioneer.
James M, Miller will sell at Trustee's sale, on Tuesday,
under diveetion of Nathaniel Jurvis jr., Referee, 67 plots
of land, at Tremont, Westehiester County, within five
minutes’ walk of the Harlem Hajirond station, The
property is a portion of the estate of Townsend Pool, and
lociited on Ceptral, Grand, 8ylvau, Grove, and Third
ste. Tie auctioheer Will furnish maps aud full informa
tion iu reference to the property.
itn Real Estate for Sale.
did A i fo TH RE a a
A SALE —On Park-ave.,, near Thirty
Sigil...) irst-c.ass, full-size, 4-storv, Lich-stoop, brown-stone
TIOUSE, elegantly finishel and In perfect order; lot exica deep; price
reasonable and terms easy, Apply to
(4,y19) 5 HOMER MORGAN 2 Pine,
JuR SALE—A 4-story, brown-stone HOUSE,
on Twenty-third-st, near Sixth-ave, just pat In perfect order;
tesms vere easy. 8. EDDY Co., No. Park-place,
Drookipn Real Estate for Sale.
fox SALE and to LET—Desirable HOUSES
in clean weightorhoods; prices modera
RUI AND "WS HITING. 5 Beekman st.
yena Island Real Estate for Sale.
A COUNTRY HOMIE Flushing, 25 minutes
from New-York, 5 minutes’ walk from depot. Large, couvenient
HOUSE, papered, freseord, in perfect order; green-honse, extehyive
awn, fraiteries, large trees. Price, $16,000 (about half eost of buiklings),
on east possible terms. No expense incurred to look at the property,
which MUST be sold, Address W, BE. LEAVIPT, 118 Wall-st.
C LAIN]
FLUSHING LOTS for 2200 to $350.—A splen
did TRACT of LAND in the most improving part of the village of
Flusbing, for nearly 40 years the propery of a gentleman deceased dur
ing the Jreseat year, is now being graded and subdivided into building
lots, whith for nceessibility cheapness, and desirability are unequaled by
anv offering or that have ever been put ogo the market in the vicinity
of New-York. Discriminating persons of moderate weans who aim to
secure a home at a low price and get away from nuisances and shapties,
are especially invited to examine this property, which is on bigh ground,
sud surrounded by elegant improvements, 8cme of the lots front an the
main street of the town, a broad avenue, whose lofty trees shade in Sum
mer the finished walks le wing from the adjacent depot, The prices at
which these lots are being so'd offer an opportunity for Investment sel
dom eqaaled. The compietion of Mr. Stewart's great railroad, now [ap
idly okresing, will donbiiess double the value of the property within
six months, as the depot has been located a few $ieps to the south,
thus plueing this property between the new depot and the present center
of the villaxe, Priaes $200 to $350. Terms easy. For maps end fall
fuformation apply to the undersigned be owner), where an agent will
be in attendance seeh morning from 10 to 11 o’cloek to accompany gp
Ants to yiew the property without expenss to them; or Le will call at
your resilence fur that Popo at anv hour when requested,
H. SPOONER, 73 Broadway, Room No. 59.
JOR SALE—PECONIC HOUSE, Greenport,
L 1. Auvviv te D. G. FLOYD, Greeaport.
a
AAAI IAA I an
Westchester Conntn Beal Estate for Sale
FOR INVESTMENT.—For SALE, at Pelham
or New-Rochelle, Westches er Co., a fine PLOT of about 150 acres
well situated and suitable for catting into Yitle plots The Danbary amd
Portchester R. R. runs throagh the property. ‘The above lands are about
the best now offered for investment. Apply to HOMER MORGAN, 2
Pine-st, (1,478)
HEN RY M. PIERCE, jr.—Wgstchester and
Putnam County Real Estate; offices, No. 11 Pine-st,, NewYork,
Farms, Dwellings, and Country Seats bought, sold, and exchanged and
rented in the above counties. Mortgages cashed, money loaned, and ia
vestments made on city and country property.
New-Jersen Real Estate for Sale.
AAA ALSIP
J a i ag
A VALUABLE FACTORY PROPERTY at
Paterson, New-Jersey. A woul corner, 200x100 feet, covered with
ood brick baildiugs: 100-horse engine and 150-horse boilers, with shaft.
ing, belting. aud steam heating arrangements, al! of the moss improved.
in good condition and ready for use, w be sold at a bargain, Terms to
suit. P. RAFFERTY, 10 Barelay-st., New-York, or at Paterson. N. J.
LL WANTING FARMS, good soil, mild cli
mate. for papers. address C. K. LANDIS. Vineland, N. J.
OUNTRY SEAT to LET, at Morristown—
Rleguut house, new, all provements; esrriage-bonse and groonds.
8. EDDY Co., No. 1 Park-place.
SALE or to LET—Comfortable mod
ern cottage HOUSE, with extra large lot, 45 minates average time to
Liberty-si. trains at all hours; good markets, schools, ke. House has
gus. Tange, farsace, bot and oold water, 13 rooms best part of Elizabeth
only $2,000 cash required. Rent for six months, $500. For full partic
ulars address P, O., Box 235, New-York; or inquire at the West Eliza.
beth depot (Central Railroad), 1,000 feet distant.
AR SALE—30 acres of LAND at Ridgewood,
N. J., on the Erie Railway, within six minutes’ walk of the station,
on the ridge adjoining the residences of Messrs. Whitman Phillips and
E. A. Walton commands splendid views of the surrounding country, ever
looking the Paramus, Hackensack and Saddle River Valleys: can be sub
divided and will be sold in plots; this is one of the most Lealthy regions
within an hour of New-York, and is free from ohjection.
A. D. MELLICK, jr. Bro., 6 Pine-st.
OHN T. JENKINS SON,
DEALERS IN REAL ESTATE. Offices, Nos. 159 Neilson and 158
George-sta., and opposite Railroad depot.
NEW-BRUNSWICK, N. J.
AN ENLO PARK LAND Co. have REMOVED
A their Office to 194!BRUOADW AY, Room 6. LOTS for SALE.
50 feet by 150 feet for $200 to $400, Easy terms. Full particulars can
be obtained at Company's Office.
MORRISTOWN RE. AL ESTATE AGENCY.
—Property of ali kinds for Sale and Rent, Address
THKODORE AYERS, Morristown, N. J.
TW BEAUTIFUL BUILDING SITES of
eight acres each, on the eastern slope of Orange Mountain, just
north of Llewellyn Park, for SALE verv cheap.
L. F. HANKELT, No. 78tatest,, N. Y.
ALUABLE FARM PROPERTY on Central
Railroad of N. J. for SALE or EXCHANGE for village property,
RULAND WHITING, 5 Beckman st,
TRGINIA FARMS—Grant Wood, 200 acres;
Rose Mount, 350 acres; Locust Hill, 350; price, #14 per acre; afl
good buildings, &e. Apyly to A. P. SMITH. 12 Pine (Room 7).
12 000 A choice location on Orange
o Mountain, 194 ACRES LAND, a good HOUSE
and BARN; a bargain. Apply to BASSETT, EDWARLUS CHEDIS
TER, 812 Broad-st., Newark.
@ounten Beal Estaie for Sale.
AAAS
Da
HEAP FARMS! FREE HOMES! on the
du X the UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD, A lasd Grant of
34000 U0 acres of the best farming and mineral lands in America.
3 acres of choice farming and grazing lands on the line of
the 0 (1 the State of Nebraska. in the Xn atte Valley, now for
sale for cash or Jong credit. These lands are in a mild asd healéhy climate
and for grain-growing and stock-raiding unosurpassed by any in the United
Btates, Prices range from $2 to $10 per acre. Homesteads for actual
settlers—2,500,000 acres of id dh Land between Omaha and
North Platte, open for entry as Homesteads only. Soldiers of the late
WAr are to a free Homeatead of 160 acres, within railroad Limits,
equal 10 a direct bounty of $400, Send for the new edition of deseriptive
fan let, with new maps, mailed free everywhere, Address O. F, DA
8 od Commissioner, U. P. R. R. Co., Omaha, Neb.
OME AND SEE
a magnificent SUGAR ATE situate in the Pansh of St. Lan
dry, La.. now in ig E-HALP FOR SALE. pre, $20,000,
cash; 2,100 acres, under fepce; Washington, La. J. MARRER
MAR ETLN, Be Bator jo 1. 8. fec to H, 8. MOSS, MOSS SKM MOSS SEMPLE, E, Loaiaville, Kr,
Poses SALE—Dairy farm; 440
near
cago; extensive improvements at station, JOH BA N ARLE. Hobart Ind.
ACR
1,500,0004CRES
RICHEST PARMING LAXDS
IN THE WORLD
For sale to actual settles.
ROSHO O VALLEY, KANSA
MISSOURI, Mig TEXAS SATE AY COMPANT.
Pris of aod. 3 0et see; credit of 10 years time.
For further ln
EA gh T. GOODNOW,
Land Commissioner,
Neosho s Falls, Kansas.
Auction Bales of Beat Estatd
A
AT AUCTION—NEW-YORK, BROOKLYN,
and STATEN ISLAND PROPERTY, by V. K. STRVENSON
BON, at Exchange Salesrooms, 111 Broadway.
4813 weloek (under Judgment. of pardiion, wuie peremptory ROUSE
and LOT No, 223 W, Thirty Abst, 17 ft 104 in. £98.9, DESKS and
LOTS Noa 46 and 50 South Third-st., Jrockira, EB. D., each 20x78, more
or less; HOUSR and LOT 275 Bouth FI Brooklyn, E.D.; and
TRN ACRES, with BUILDINGS, ke., at Castleton, HL
belonging te the Geeeheids Kstate. Terms to be made known 4t sale.
BLEECKER, SON Co. will sell af
A. 3s en Nov. ON, 12 w.. at the Salexroom, 111
Broadway, New-York, the clegaes FARM of Mr. William Tabor, a
Deve: Plaiaa, Dutehess Co, N. Y., consisting of 187 acres of the best
land in {He County or State; fine house, barns, csrriage-honse, ke. See
andl for pardomiens 077 Codurst
J. JORNION, JT,, ANcuones:,
BY JOHNSON MILLER,
AUCTIONRERS AND
No ST a ro Ea Yous.
City Residences, Boros, Lots, Country Seats, snd Farms boaght, sold,
rented, exchonged. Loans a Auction Bales of Furniture. ke.
DARTITION SALE OF UABLE
PARTITION SALE OF YALGA
REAL ESTATE
JOSEPH MOGQUIRR, Auctioneer,
will sell at auction, on
THURSDAY, November, 18, 1871, ut 13 o'clock noos,
The Ashe Kiciaste yill render,
a ad LT (he frame dwellinghouse
low orth ide 13902. 100 feet east of Grand Boulevard.

3 ota south side 143-st., 250 feet east 9th-ave.
4 lots south side 141st-08,, 270 feet cast Sth-ave.
4 Joe Borth side 140th-ot., 215 foot sast Bih-ave.
let Soriaant carter Nia. and 1304h-st., and one lot adjoining on
3 late 38.3 125¢h-ot.
31T0% South se LER, TO ut west 100 ave.
7 Jote north 12)st-at. 300 west 10th-ave.
$1 te, BA pr
Ho EN
31vtn cant side Mi-avs., hebwen ith snd
can Pema Of
Ma ghive ul pardon. a Be Snetioneers thee, Xo. 87 Cedar
corner
eee som———
Real Fatate to Exchange.
I OW-PRICED LOTS in Brooklyn, unineum
4 bered. ta EXCHANGE for 1oproved Brooklin or New-York prop:
ly. ALLAND WHIVING, 5 Deckman ob
TR A SSA
YWOOLEN FACTORY. —WANTED—A small
and terms. Address COCHRANE, Tribune Office, Ts Soulitiod,
PROSE FHP MES NAL SEP MY Gt Bll’ 4 i a iT
(TEAM POWER to LET.—Large ROOM with
steam power. Apply to CHRISTIAN SCHWARTZ, 390 Bast 5) py
YO LET—kElegant FURNISHED HOUSE to
1 rent wimps near the Westminster Hotel —an etira sim
4-story, high stoop. fully aud tastefully furnishe! hooe ta ren: tha
small private family for (be Wisier or year. Apply to HOMI KK MOR.
GAN, 2 Pinesst, (1
BR
alr Steal oaabetivdhr Spvitarutiatied te ES Si I a
n 8 FURNISHE
only at #6 Clipten- near Sixth-ave. Referones ryotred
19 LET, with BOARD aul FURN ISIE:
large Jeane ROOMS; fanily wall. 138 Wess Voriyshind
tet. Broadeay and Sixth-ave,
Ee
APART:
flies
tet et
ANGELL» Turkish Baths, Lexinzton-ave,, cor,
Iwai SNE, Sank san intelligent Indu tous American yogaq
Woman as Bath Seperintead(ut; also, §rst-cluss Protestagt Linsdnd
selencontequined ee
A LADY of educat ion and refinemept desires
tation as ANUENSIS or ‘ATE BLIRE
ives Sins EDIPH GRAY. Philad-iphia. Fa RETARY,
AFT TF ka Ry rm rere es,
Al TENTION, LADIES. Yon ean hear of
good, reliable German  Freneh, Eoglish. 1rifh, and Ameriess male
or female Servants at WALKENR'S Office, 15, Sixth ave, over dmg storm,
ATTENTION, LADIES. —You ew hear of
good reliable German. French, kugl si, Irish, acd Ane can male
or female Servants at WALKER'S Office, 134 Rixthe uve, over drug tore,
au vr df Ae WT,
[FAMILIES requiring first-class HELP ean be
sppplied at once by calling at 40 Bleeekerst GIRLS Waiting
good situations shoold call or write to A. and F. INTULLIGES RE
OFFICE, 49 Blecekerst., New-York.
[FIRST-CLASS FEMALE SERVANTS ap
plied by PIERCE Co., 6 Bowlidz-gpeen, Groewomns end i
selections from Americans, English, Reoich, Gernaus Ruwedes, Irs),
100D German Female Servants at Mrs, Hild
German Institute 127 Norfolx-st. hetween Riv ngton and Nuntoo-ste
HELP of every description—All nationali
ties and religions, can be nrocared upon apnlieation st the ohio
end most reliable Agemey in the United Mates, wt 130 Weg Floventyst,
cor, Nixth-ave. (Ke:abifshel 23 yesrs.) 4,000 servants {shed i2 eight
wonths, Country orders promptly filled,
A II SANSA SARL
AYN excellent PHONOGRAPHIC AMANU.
ENSIS is open to an ENGAGEMENT.  Aldwss PHONO
GRAPHER, No. 62 East One-hundred-and-twenty ninth 4, Harlan.
A YOUNG MAN of collegiate edneation and
i business yeperience wishes 8 SITL Aios a buokkteper clerk,
r whe Tu n t
LS aad
F! RST-CLASS English  FARM-HAND and
WIFE, just arrived, want SITUATIONS. Good plowman, milker,
and ganiener, &c.; Wife good bouse-worker. Can bo seen THISDAY of
No. 6 Bowling-green. A 80 on band, two experienced FARM-IANDS,
FARM-HANDS at 6 Bowling-green.—PIERCE
Co, have constantly on band first-class Swedes, Germads, Scotch,
English; also Mechanics, Coachmen, aud Gardeners, ke.
PARTIES not requiring the exclusive ser.
vices of a jiookktcper can have their ACCOUNTS WRITTEN [P 4
and BOOKS P! D “weekly at a very moderate expense. Refer
euces as to ability, ke. Address C. 0. D., Tribune Office.
SITUATION WANTED—In a Commission ot
Jobbing House, by a boy 15 on of age, remdiag with Ys hess;
writes a fair hand, and is good at gurea; can ive anexceptionable refer:
ences. Address C. 0. H., Post-O Box 2,195,
QUOTCHMANG and wife, Englishiuan and
ie first-rate FARM-HANDS and HOUSEKEEPE RS, just sived,
want SITUATIONS. North, West, or South. Inquire as the Agency
PIERCE OCo., Bowliag-green.
SITUATION WANTED By a nirst-class
BUTCHER, to dress sheep and lambs, beeves, ke Call on or ad:
dress T. HICKS, New-Hamburg, NY.

JSALESMEN WANTED—Immediat-ly, or 1s

January, BEVERAL experienced MEN, who ean «-ll Lirgelr of fe
gwis to Merchant Tailors. Apply to K. tH. VAN INGEN Ue. New
or!
flachinerp.
AA A IS INI INN SANSA IAIN NS
by TEAM ENGINE AND MACHINE RY
THE Ed pra WORKS,
FOOT OF EAST TWELFTH ST, N. 1.
One Low Pressare BEAM ENGINE, 150-borse power, erlinder 3
{nches diameter by five feet stroke, with boiler, ke, all complete,
One double-slide LATHE length of shears 36 feet: swings 4% inches.
Two 66-inch Steveason Ft TURBINE WATER-WHBELS, with
be sold low,
JNO. 8. SCHULTZE, R
745 Bast ry i-th, New-York
A KLABER, Steam MARBLE and MARBLE
o IZING WORKS, 134 and 136 East Eighteessh-st. Marble asd
Marbleized Mantels, Tiling, Marble Counters, §on at prices the
defy competition. Mortgages taken in trade.
S KLABER Co., MARBLE WORKS, 22
o West Fiftrfirst-st., bet. Broadway amd Eighth-ave, Marble anf
Marbleized Mantels, Monuments, Headstones, large vareties; cheapest
in city. Designs on application.
STEWART? SLATE MANTELS: largest as
AD sortment in the city, at lowest prices. Eirgaat new lesign TJ
STEWART Co. 605 Sixth-ave., bet, Thirtv-6 ta and Thrir-arthe
nn
as
A
5 8, Exowvexr Orvice, Taigp 8vory Ux1ov Bax Doirrise,
Faverre, NEAR CHARLRS-ST., BALTIMORE, Mit. Nov. 8, 14il
EALED PROPOSALS are invited at this
office for the removal of abont 420 cub yar. of rock in the kear
oke River, immediately below Weldon, N. C. ‘LLe depth of excaraio
will sot exceed eight feet at ordinary low water. ‘Lue locsiion is se

Is in dyplisate, indorsed on outside, accormparicd br a coprd
the nd vertisement and specifications, addressed to the wndommgond. wi
DS Jecaitet &t Hus oor vail) sown of Decein er 6, li.i, and will W
ed ten minutes thereafter, in presence of suck vied rs as come
"The right i reserved to rejct aay bid.
oe of Wn specibeations, &c., uh he had at this cflce, when
ma
the maps, &c. v be seen. WAM. P. CBAIGHILL
M.r afl Le are
4 Nov. i, J8iL 3
TO CONTRACTORS FOR WATER PIPES.~
The Board of Water Commissioners of the City of New-Loudo ant
prepared to receive PROPOSALE for abort 82,0 U fee of (en nt-lined
and Coated Sheet-iron WATER PIPE, tog 4 er with its app-idsges of
Hydrants, Gases, Air-Valves, to be laid and sed eomplee.
Drawings, Specifications, aud forn of Contract mar le seed. and
blank forms of Proposals obtained at the Office of tas Engineer, ity
Hall Building.
Tenders mast be delivered at the Commissionsry’ Oee In Xew-Lorden,
Coan., on or before Wednesday, Nov. 15th ins at i wcleck m. The
Commissioners reserve the right to reject auy or all leper ii v8 We ft
the best interest of ay.
By order of the Commissioners. i
TT CANNING Chic! Engiseer,
|b) Pursuance of an Order of, WILLIAM D.
LED y 8 te ty o Role
fo fries ow tall Adm iA v: §ow, hw Tavoroth
BRETT, late of the Lily of Brooklyn, deceased, that tuey ar required
to exhibit the same, with vouchers thereof, wo the subacribers, i
Eeeentor. at the office of JAMES WILLSON, 4 Marray-it, 1a ue C4
a Huw-ort, on oz before the 10th day of Novemoer next. Dated May

JAMES WILLSON,
Al _0:CAR CHANCE, f jeon
IN the matter of the MONTANA GOLD
MINING COMPANY. bansrudt.
A
X MINING COMPANY, bankrudt.
PEREMPTORY SALLE.
In pursuance of the order of the District Court of the United Blatt,
for the Southern District of New-York, the Assignee offers FOR sALN
all the PROPERTY of the bankrupt, to close the estate, vis:
Thirty-nine Mining claims on different lodes lo Clear Creek asd 08
pin Counties, Colorado, embracing tbe celebrated Kansas, Keot Const?
Pratt, Vass, ke., with whim and whim bouses, Ali 8 parcel of asd
in Central Clty, extending from Spring Gulch to the Nevads Gale rood
containing apward of 77,000 square feet, with Quarts Ee
100, twe stories high, containing 30 stamps, 80 horse-poner Engine,
22-feet two-flue boilers, six Freiburg pans, necessary puiaps. tanss, bt
all in complete rusning order, ke., ko
Offers and pegotiations as to terms are invited. rn. t soll st privett
sale prior to the fifteenth day of December, 1671, the same will be sod
that day at 13 m., to the highest bidder, for cash, at pablie suction.
Albert H. Nicolay, Auctioneer, af the Merchants’ Exchange Saleen
No. 111 Broadway, In the City of Now-York, without futher pole
1
The property cost the Bankrapt spwand of $250.00), more (Aad a
000 having been expended on the mill alone,
For further particulars apply to the Auctioneer, No. 4 pipet. KX Te
or SYLVESTER R. COBB, Anise
a cnse BR HionNBROTAN. Attorney. 22 Pioe-st.. N.¥V.
N ICE TO CREDITORS —No! ice is bere}
£8 BON Yui ot Bs ly of tr decented, Lai at 48
"w pubs
{0 0
4 aguost THE EXURLAT
80 —Kotics Is beroby given that by 8 3% 5,
in the above ea bao bees bit
cel vor of all tho and effects of Wo
PL AN porsoas indebted to suid ore region 8 #5000
ie ee OH PL, ny
porn pp Fone dcop J hog by the ol
Osmpany and to pay the same. ~nopdrly of oibe®
IL All persons in thelr posseasion avy pad Receiver
aid Are to deliver'the sume 10 160
hs tad or the day above samod. “oly romped
1 of said Company are required todeliver nerd
tive acosuuts asd demands aquinst sald Company fo SL
the above named ea or before the 15th day
bolding meh C6
vor om of he fhe 15th da
0 1% Broadway, In the City o
Dated New-York, HODGRS Berle
of west
27,
RLOSSON, HUTCHINS. asd PLATT. Adersers for
40 W all-et
‘Bouses and Farms Wanted
a
itn Properin to Let.
$oard and Rooms.
Gituations Manted--Females.

Gitnations MWanted-- Males.
Help Wanted.
Marble and Slate Mantels.
Proposals.
New-Loxpoy WATER WoRKs, Caine ExGivesk s Orvici
feaal Notices.