THE PRESS?
FRIDAY MORNING, I>EC- 8,18.1^
George in Washing
ton for the purpose of taking the lead m a
movement against the renomination of Gen.
Grant. He is said to be sanguine as to the
result—but so is George Francis Train.
Metropolitan Journals have at least
one advantage over country newspapers—
they are modest. The New York Herald, for
instance, says with an ingenuous air: “The
Herald of yesterday was a marvel of a news
paper!”
Mr. Lynch, as we are informed by a
Washington dispatch to the New York Times,
will take no steps toward reviving his special
committee on navigation interests, but will
bring before the Commerce Committee of
which he is a member the measures on which
he wishes to secure the action of Congress.
The Republicans in the Senate do not ap
pear to be very much disorganized. Only
Tipton of Nebraska voted with the Demo
crats to take up Gen. Blair’s resolution in
quiring by what authority Gen. Grant has
proceeded in executing the laws in North
and South Carolina.
The fearful intelligence that the Hemen
way wharf matter is coming before the Legis
lature again this winter is confirmed by the
Machias papers. Will the porgie alias men
haden also rear his venerable head? Will
the narrow rimmed wheels jolt and jumble
over the streets of Clierryfield? Will the
trout in Shedequlldicamug Lake disturb the
puonc peace.
The prospect for the passage of a hill em
bodying the views of the message on the am
nesty question is said to be encouraging. It
was laid over until next Monday under the
rules. Mr. Hale of this State is the author of
the bill, which, as drawn by him, granted un
conditional amnesty. It has been amended
so as to except members of Congress, milita
ry and naval school graduates and members of
the secession ordinance conventions. It will
be further amended before passage.
Richard C. Shannon of Biddeford, who
has been nominated for the position of Secre
tary of Legation at Brazil, is a young man of
ability and culture. He was a student at
Colby University at the breaking out of the
war. He gave up his college course, enlisted
in the 5th Maine Regiment, doing good ser
vice in that and other organizations until the
close of the war. He was very properly al
lowed to take his degree with his college class
in 1862. Since the war he has resided several
years in Brazil, whence he wrote interesting
letters to the New York Tribune.
The special committee on that part of the
President’s message relating to the civil ser
vice, is said to be very generally in favor of
radical changes. Mr. Kelley, the chairman,
accepted his nomination—the last time—with
the understanding that he was not to be con
sidered as an “office broker” but a represen
tative of a district. Mr. Lynch, another
member, is heartily in favor of radical reform,
and the same is true of other members of the
committee, all of whom are gentlemen of
more than ordinary legislative capacity and
experience.
Senator Morrill of this State is enti
tled to great credit for the deep interest he
has shown in the quieting of the Indians.
He has at this early day introduced a resolu
tion inquiring whether some further legisla
tion is not necessary to carry into effect the
treaties made with the Indians by the Peace
Commissioners. These treaties contemplated
the setting aside of reservations on which the
Indians were to be collected and kept perma
nently. The Commissioners accordingly se
lected two reservations—one in Indian Terri
tory and the other on the Upper Platte in
Dakotah Territory—which are supposed to be
large enough to contain all the Indians east
of the Rocky Mountains. Their action was
duly reported to Congress several years ago,
and large numbers of Indians from time to
time have been placed upon these reserva
tions. But up to the present date Congress
has never ratified and confirmed the reserva
tions to the Indians, and there is consequent
ly no assurance that they will not be despoiled
of the lands and driven from their new homes
by the encroachments of unprincipled whites
—a danger now considered imminent, not
withstanding the faith of the government has
uccii pieugeu uiiu uiey suoum never again De
disturbed so long as they remain peaceable.
The resolution now lies upon the table of the
Senate, pending the formation of the com
mittee.
Senator Tru mbull not :i Candidate
against Grant.
Senator Trumbull is the most able and dis
tinguished of the persons whose names have
been mentioned in connection with an inde
pendent Republican nomination for the Pres
idency. His opposition to the policy of the
President and a majority of his Congressional
associates on grave questions has caused the
pack of hungry politicians who are now in
search of a Moses to lead them out of the wil
derness, to catch eagerly at the chance sup
posed to be offered by his disaffection. But
the following report of a conversation of the
Senator with an informant of the correspond
ent of the Louisville Journal shows how mis
taken these misguided souls are. The letter
is dated Washington, Dec. 3d:
I have just had detailed to me by a promi
nent Southern politician the particulars of a
conversation, had within the last day or two
with Senator Trumbull, of Illinois. My in
formant, who is himself an Ex-United States
Senator, states that he met Judge Trumbull
m the library of Congress, and that, after ex
changing liiendly salutations, he asked the
Senator whether he would consent to the use
of his name as a conservative candidate for
the Presidency against Gen. Grant. The Il
linois statesman replied with more than usual
emphasis: ‘No, Sir, I would not.’ ‘And why
not?’ ‘For many reasons.’ Judge Trumbull
said in substance: “In the first place I am sat
isfied where I am. I consider a seat in the
Senate ot the United States a position in
Which I can be more useful than any other
and I believe it to be as honorable as any un
der the Government if its duties be efficiently
and properly discharged. In the next place,
I do not agree with the programme which has
been marked out by those who refuse to sup
port the candidacy of the President for re
election. I am conscious of the need of many
reforms, and I am daily striving to accom
plish them. But I do not believe that a revo
lution of parties would be salutary. I do not
believe either the people of the North or
South are ready to profit by such a change
“And why not?” “Because the people of
the South have really accepted nothing, and
are.u°twillln2 to c°-°perate with the liberals
ot the North in settling the practical relations
ofsocietyona sure and generous basis. I
know that the South has much to complain
Sf®"41 80 ^ye the liberai Republicans. It
ts not the rebel element, perhaps, but the na
thlng?’ that the South should not real
lze the complete overthrow of the old order
and the necessity for a complete change of the
domestic policy. I believe that the defeat of
Gen, Grant would involve a reaction at the
oouth whose consequences would be even
worse than the present state of affairs.”
“'Don’t you think Gen. Grant meditates the
w urpauon 01 the Executive office
Grant0]/ •do„not- AI-V opinion is that (Jen
antis, m the mam, a conservative imn.
1 -r
friendly1 afehyour personal relations “Very 1
SS%,'£ffa»siT?im n"2
him, and, indeed thifuTSS if the a**mSt
why it is disagreeable to haTe “asons I
tioned in the connection you nafne.^ men~
“The Southern Democracy wonT.i
you with pleasure.” “You are miS°n c
X he Democracy is yet too strong in numbers
to disband, for that is the meaning of the pas-
Blve policy. Three millions of Democratic 1
voters cannot afford to sell themselves to two
or three hundred thousand Republican voters,
and that for a mess of pottage which the Re
publicans and not the Democrats are to en- i
joy. I don’t believe they will do it. I think e
the passive policy already a failure.” t
a *i ike-rtllle now departure?” “Xoy not ox
aetiy. The new departure was a necessity, 0
«rtUis°ilosf- Had tlle Uemocrats not adopt- 21
VLlts Place had adopted the plat
more rlf they would have been still cl
ure mia,an Sly .bcatefl- The new depart-
notbeUev/hZS the Pe°P'U dkI
leaders did whatt- democratic party
that is, accept fhe by b04Jd no lonSer avoid—
publicans have to thank the Ee_
Stephens and Mr. Forsvti SU/' wrtters as Mr.
vance did not make furth t the step in ad- m
the issues of the war mroad3' 1870 in
the Kuklux will bo out ofe,u?lendment® and
may be a new and conmletn r»^.ay’ ?'>d there f
parties. But not now.” 6 reor8anmation of of
“What do you think of ,i.„ de
“They may be
enough of unpunished violence at the South /a
to justify the newspapers in all the outcry
they are making. This alone would beat the 80
Democracy.” c ki
“Then you think the fight next year will be ru
a straight-out party affair “I think it wiU H
be as far as the Republicans are concerned.
The party is not really divided. Its internal
discussions merely exhibit the exercise of in
dividual free-will, and do it good and not
harm. It will act as a body, and I think will
poll a larger vote than it did in 1868, no
matter what framework or what candidates
are opposed to it. The people believe in the
Republican party on account of its liberal
discussions.”
I am assured in saying that the opinions of
Senator Trumbull are also the opihions of
Senator Sumner.
Services of the Falmouth (Portland)
Troops iu the Campaign agaiuHt Cana*
tin iu 1138.
EXTRACTS FROM THE JOURNAL OF A PROVINCIAL
OFFICER.—NO. I.
I have recently, through the kindness of Rev.
E. IV, Jackson, of Gorham, had the pleasure of
examining the manuscript Field Book and
Journal of an officer of the Provincial army
throughout the campaign against Canada in
1753, and believing that it throws much light
upon matters of local history that interests oth
ers as well as myself, I beg to present to the
public, through your columns, some of its lead
ing points.
It is well kuown that for the invasion of Can
ada, during the French and Indian war, Massa
chusetts raised in 1758 a force of 6800 men.—
Maine at that time formed a part of the Prov
ince of Massachusetts Bay; and the quota of
Falmouth, or Portland, was three hundred men.
On the 13th of March of that year, Gov. Pow
nal issued to Jedediah Preble a commission as
Colonel of a regiment of foot raised by him at
Falmouth. It is also known that of these pro
vincial troons twen tv-five hundred served in till.
garrison at Louisburg, several hundred in the
navy, and three hundred joined Gen. Wolfe be
fore Quebec. The remainder served under Gen.
Amherst, who entered Canada by Lakes George
and Champlain. I do not know that the des
tination of these three hundred Falmouth men
has been definitely ascertained. It has been
conjectured—see Genealogy of Preble Family by
Capt. George Henry Preble,—that they were un
der Wolfe at Quebec, and that Col. Preble was
Brigadier in command at that place; perhaps,
because the number of men detached for that
service corresponds with the number raised at
Falmouth. This question is definitely settled
if we admit the authenticity of the Journal,
from which I quote below:
Falmouth, May 21, 1758. Sailed with three
transports and three hundred soldiers, includ
ing officers, for the intended expedition against
Canada, and got into Winter Harbour about 5
o’clock in the afternoon.
By a hasty calculation I find that the above
date falls on Sunday. If mistaken, will the
reader be so kind as to correct my error? Win
ter Harbor is near the mouth of the Saco.
May 22, 1708. Sailed from the above harbor
four o’clock in the morning, being foggy weath
er and small breeze. Lay becalmed between
the Shoals and Piscattaque the same night.
May 23, 1753. Arrived to Kittery at U o’clock
and went ashore, and waited on Sr. Win. Pep
Serill, and at the Point meeting house the Rev.
Ir. Rogers preached a sermon to officers and
soldiers, from the first book of Samuel, 17 c.,45,
48, 47 verses, and after sermon we received our
commissions, and was sworn by Sr. Wrn. Pep
perill and Col. Wendal.
From the above we must infer that the writer
was a commissioned officer, and the same is ev
ident in many subsequent parts of the Journal.
What was his rank nowhere appears: but it
8reins most likely that he was Captain.
May 24, 1758. Col. Preble settled Capt. Good
ing’s and Capt. Goipg’s (Gowen’s) companies
and billeting for the companies.
The two following days appear to have been
spent at Kittery in ordering their affairs.
May 27, 1758. I paid my company off their
billeting money and prepared for sailing, and
sailed 11 o’clock at night in company with sev
en transports, and received order from our
commanding officer, Col. Jedediah Preble, if
parted by hard weather to rendezvous at Al
bany.
The transports which joined the three from
Falmouth probably contained New Hampshire’s
quota of men. Col. Preble it seems assumed
command of the entire force.
May 28, 1758. Sailed off Chatham from Kit
tery.
May 21), 1758. Proceeded on our journey with
the wind at north, and sailed to Gay Head,
where we came up with a snow, Capt. Rods,
commander from London to New York, who
informed us he had 159 days passage. He took
out of a ship’s main-top fourteen men in lat.
39, and being put to great extremeties, he came
on board us and we delivered him some relief.
Snow, in naval affairs, is generally the larg
v uiuovvu uoin.10 cinjiiuj cu uj ikuiy
peans, and the most convenient for navigation.
*—Enc. Brit.
May 30th, 1758. Calm weather. Exercised
the soldiers on deck, and, in the afternoon,
made the best of our way up the sound.
May 31st, 1758. Fair and pleasant weather
with a favorable wind till night, and anchored
under Long Island.
June 1st, 1758. We sailed through Hell Gate,
so called, safe, and came to anchor at New York
about nine o’clock in the afternoon, and I lodg
ed ashore.
June 2d, 1758. Sailed from New York 3
o’clock, and anchored 7 o’clock. I took a view
of the Fort and took the number of the guns,
and found there are 72 which are chiefly 32
pounders.
It would appear that the fort which is refer
red to above was built at the upper end of the
island, where at a later day was built Fort
Washington, to command the entrance to Hud
son River.
June 3d, 1758. We came to sail between two
and three o’clock, and proceeded up Albany
River called Hutson’s River, and anchored at 7
o’clock.
June 4th, 1758. Proceeded up the river till
dark and then came to anchor.
June 5th, 1758. Came to sail at 5 o’clock in
the looming, and proceeded up the river with
the wind at S. W. Thundered in the p. m.
June 8th, 1758. Came to sail 7 o’clock in the
morning with the wind at west and in the af
ternoon at N. W. Proceeded up the river to
wards Albany.
June 7th, 1758. Calm in the morning. Set
sail 11 o’clock, the wind S. W. Sailed from
Col. Hoffman’s which is 54 miles from Albany,
and arrived at Albany 6 o’clock.
June 8th, 1758. Major-General James Aber
crombie left orders that 300 of the Bay forces
go to Schonectady, in compliance whereof Col.
Preble drafted Capt. Libby, Capt. Cobb, Capt.
Bowen with their Companies to march to the
sa*d Schonectady, and gave us order to furnish
our Companies with arms as soon as possibie,
which arms we received the date above.
From the language of the above, we should
naturally infer that the writer of the journal
was himself one of three captains detached for
service at Schenectady. This is the only clue I
find to its authorship. I have now followed the
expedition from Falmouth to Albany; far
enough to determine its destination.
With regard to the rank of Col. Preble, I will
ciuote from the officer’s field-book one day’s en
try:
Lake Georye, Sunday, July 2d, 1758. General
for the day to-morrow, Brig. Gen. Gage. Col.
for the day to-morrow, Haldiman; for the Pro
vincials, Col. Lyman. Field officers for the
night, Maj. Browning. For the Proviucials,
Lieut. Col. Hoar, Brigade Maj. Spittle. The
Provincial Regiments to be brigaded as follows,
viz:
Right Wing Preble^
n I n°!‘ 5llg,gIc8' 3 f Col. Glazcr,
B Col. Bagley. B j Col. Wolsey.
Left Wing {gob Lvman,
The eldest Colonel commanding each brigade
is to make all reports concerning the brigade to
the Colonel commanding the Wing.
The Provincial Colonels are to rank as fol
lows:
1st Col. Lyman. 8th Col. Fitch.
m Preble. 8th Johnson,
K, Pelancoy. 10th Glazer.
Ruggles. 11th Babcock.
Barley. 12th Williams.
Whiting. 13th Donty.
Ith Wooster. 14th Wolaey.
The above entry shows the honorable rank
leld by the Colonel commanding the Falmouth
iroops in this expedition; and subsequent por
tions of the journal show that the conduct of
'he men was no less creditable to them than
vas his rank to their commander.
I. B. Choate.
Windham, Nov. 28th, 1871.
Oxford C'ouuty Correspondence.
Temperance in Oxford County—The Court
Meeting—Various Opinions.
It has been the custom the past two years, to
lave a temperance meeting on the first Wed
esday evening of the term of the Supreme Ju
icial Court in Oxford county, at the Court
louse. This course was inaugurated by some
f the zealous temperance men in Paris, and by
ntain members of the Bar in all parts of the
runty. Such meetings have usually been well
ttended, and the speakers—chiefly sprinkled
jurymen, lawyers and others—have freely
entilated all the doctrines, sentiments, institu
lons and laws of temperance.
Last evening was the appointed time for this
leeting at the present Court. Dr. Colby was
rpected to be present and address the meeting
igether, with numerous attorneys. Only two
three attorneys put in appearance. The citi
ins—the ladies especially—composed a good
idience. The meeting was organized by the
toice of Sheriff Stacy, President, and
right, Esq., Secretary. The President an
unced that this was to be a kind of class
leting where all could “draw nigh and be
ard.”
Dr. Colby led with some very sensible argu- 1
nits, forcible and clear, prudent and logical, 1
favor of total abstinence. After this the
cting assumed the character of a Committee I
Ways and Means; and each one attempted to
ermine the best method of “belling” the 4
1 cat—Intemperance. Mr. Colby thought we c
d law enough, and only needed a little back
m<iRi “pinion. Mr. H. would have
in. of" o*11’ wllo> Laving the courage of the 1
.nseller wber^T'11 “mean” 1
9 er Le could be found. Mr. v
No. 2, besought and implored a “revival/’ s
and warming as he entered deeper, declared
that he would “bell” the old cat and catch her
too, if he could only revolutionize the hearts of
men and call them all into that noble institu
tion—the Order of Templars.
Mr. S. thought it would not do to seize men
and punish them and carry them to jail with
out due process of law. Mr. F. was not satisfied
with the present amount of law, but wanted a
sheep stealer to be called a driminal—a rumsell
er ditto—and have each treated with the same
respect and consideration.
The law of diversity was well exemplified at
this meeting. In one thing, however, there
was agreement. The speakers all confessed
and believed that intemperance was on the in
crease among young and old, great and small,
as compared with ten years ago. This, if true
is a most lamentable fact; and it becomes a se
rious question what ought to be done. May it
not be that the philosophy, the methods, and
the motives need revision?
Paris, Dec. 8,1871. Cosmos.
Letter from Mebivgo.
Paying off the Workmen—The Music of Money
and Music in the Public Schools.
Lake Sebago Dec. 7th, 1871.
Mr. Editor.—Did yon ever see a gang of
hands paid off? If you have, you have seen
many smiling faces and joyous hearts. It is al
ways a gratifying sight to witness capital pay
ing labor. We have many times and often
heard it said that the laborer is worthy of his
hire, and it is as true now as it was centuries
agcr, when Solomon was building the Temple.
Yesterday was a happy day for the men who
have been at work on the P. O. Railroad.
And if any laborers are worthy of their wages,
those who dig, shovel and make our railroads
must be reckoned among them. The hands
who are working on the Ogdensburg road were
paid off yesterday, and happier fellows are sel
dom seen on any occasion. They were stand
ing about the depot here and saw an extra train
not far behind the regular morning train.
“See that,” said one young stalwart son of the
Emerald Isle, pointing to the train and jump
mg almost out of his brogans, "now for the
greenbacks!” And sure enough he and many
others thrust the little packages into their
pockets. It was a pleasant sight to see so
many made happy.
It reminds me of a scene I witnessed some
twenty years ago on the American shore of
Lake Sujierior among the miners in that region
of copper ore. The celebrated Pittsburg mine
had just got under good headway, and the Ger
mans and Welchmen who were working it had
not received any pay for a period of nine
months because they would not take paper
money. They were not used to that kind of
circulating medium and demanded the specie
which was carried up on the schooner, “Napo
leon” in bags and boxes. There was a good
pile of it. I took passage on the same vessel.
The vessel sailed into “Copper Harbor” which
is not much of a harbor. There it was landed
and carted some three miles to the mine where
the silver and gold were handed over to “itch
ing palms. At midnight a large company of
miners came down to the harbor, and the first
thing we heard in that forest was the music of
many voices. 1 was encamped with a gentle
man from New York, and we were awakened
at midnight by most excellent singing. They
could all smg and sing well too; for they
had practiced the art from their boy
hood. I have heard some good music
in my day, but I thought then I
never heard voices harmonize so well as
theirs did on that occasion. It was a
mild evening in June, and I remember
that I then thought Yankees could not make
such mnsic as echoed over the sparkling waters
of the Lake at that midnight hour. And why?
Because music is not taught in our common
schools. These miners had learned music from
their infancy, and expressed their joy in the
art that has but one language and that univer
sal. Surely they were happier for thus being
taught. Then why not introduce music into
our common schools and make the next gener
ation more happy than we are? We have mu
sical talent enough, it only needs cultivation.
If these Irish laborers had been musically edu
cated in early life as the-Germans and Italians
are, they could have expressed their joy as the
miners did on the shore of Lake Superior, and
sweet music would have floated over the crystal
waters of this Lake.
Protection for the Fisheries.—A meet
ing of the citizens of Cape Cod interested in
fisheries was held Wednesday in Barnstable to
consider their interests as affected by ths treaty
of Washington. Major Phinney of the Barn
stable Patriot offered the following resolution
which was adopted:
Resolved, that in view of the inevitable effects
of the Treaty of Washington upon the fishery
interests of Cape Cod we would urge upon Con
gress a liberal protection for that branch of in
dustry, confident that unless some such course
is adopted the competition of foreign fisheries
under the provisions of said treaty between
England and the United States will ultimately
destroy an occupation which has long been of
great value to the commerce and marine of the
country.
A committee wTas chosen to act in conjunction
with similar committees from Plymouth and
Gloucester for the purpose of memorializing
Congress upon the condition of the fisheries and
to employ suitable persons to represent their in
terest before Congress.
Mr. P. S. Gilmore, whose return from Eu
rope, where he has beeu for some months pre
paring for the great musical festival in Boston
next summer, is elsewhere noticed, reports that
he has had the greatest success is his negotia
tions with governments and with musical celeb
rities, and that England, France, Belgium,
Austria, Prussia and Russia will be represent
ed, in all their musical characteristics, at the
projected World 8 Peace Jubilee, the idea of
which has been favorably received in all quar
ters abroad.
The Massachusetts Temperance Alliance
have nine agents—eight clergyman and one
layman—employed in addressing schools on
temperance. Believing that an address to the
pupils alone is of comparatively little value,
each address is followed by the introduction of
the pledge. It is encouraging to learn the in
terest the scholars manifest in adopting the
pledge. In some schools all the pupils adopt it.
School committees and teachers second the
work cheerfully. The Alliance has carried the
pledge into about 200 schools since the first of
October.
The sacrifices which have been made to roy
alty, as all history proves, have been most libe
ral, and, in many instances, wonderful, but one
of the most remarkable is that of an old lady
in Connecticut, who has patiently constructed a
picture frame out of toe nails (whether they are
human, or where, if so, she procured them, she
does not say,) which she desires to present to
Prince Alexis—in toto. He ought to be delight
ed with this gift.
TnE Grand Central Hotel.—This superb,
colossal structure, on Broadway, New York, is
still attracting the attention of the press of the
country. It seems to be an acknowledged ren
dezvous for travelers from every clime. A vis
itor’s glance at the multitudes that daily and
nightly throng its spacious halls and ample ex
changes, will confirm the fact that it really
finds accommodation for nearly two thousand
guests.
In keeping with its size and splendor, H. Ly
man Powers, its proprietor, has conducted it
with untiring energy, upon a scale of hospita
ble liberality hitherto unknown in the history
of hotel management.
Its sudden innovation upon the exorbitant
rates charged by other first-class hotels—adopt
ing prices from one to two dollars less per day
—has been the subj'ect of various editorial no
tices throughout the country, and we heartily
add our concurrence in this mneh-needed re
form. The Grand Central is generally found
to be the new York residence of our leading
public men, and a maj’ority of visiting foreign
ers. Indeed, the fame of the “Grand Central”
at home has “gone abroad.” It is what Victor
Hugo, in Paris, would call “Une Grande Palais
Royale," and visitors will find what has been
said of it is true.
Items.
Low tolls on the New York canals in the past
year, has given a great stimulus to the business
during that period: In 1370 the receipts at
Buffalo of grain, and flour reduced to bushels,
reached the aggregate of 59,761,580 bushels.
Ill 1871, the amount was 89,610,385, ail excess
of about 30,000,000 of bushels.
‘,We have no room for all this,” said our
night-editor, glancing desparingly at a two-
column obituary, “it must be cut down to. a
proper dic-mention.”
The Fish-Catacazy correspondence was seized
upon by a dozen eager reporters in the office of
the Secretary of the Senate and its contents se
cured before Mr. Cameron became aware of the
fact, when there was a scattering.
The new delegate from the District of Colum-
bia begins in the House by modestly asking for
3,500,000 acres of land for educational purposes.
Dr. John Blackmer, the prohibition candi
date for Governor in New Hampshire is chair
man of the State Committee, and Rev. A. Deer
iug, Secretary, whose record as an officer in
two Maine regiments, is not brilliant to say the
east.
Golddust, the famous stallion for which §50,
)00 was refused a few weeks since, died in
Louisville, Sunday. Dorsey or any other man
ihould take that sum for a horse when it was
iffered.
The associated press agent at Richmond, Va.,
airmailed the political declamation of Gov.
Walker to the papers, but a larger number
vould have been pleased to know the number
if millions which he and his conservative 81
fiends have increased the State debt. oi
“Gilt-edge” butter, which is wliat is called S
he very best, sold at St. Albans market on
’uesday for 36 cents per pound. The market
•as very dull, and ruling prices were 32 to 34
ents per pound.
Rev. Mr. Hammond, a Methodist preacher in
harlestown, Indiana, died recently. Although n
is salary had only amounted to $350 per an
um on an average, his estate was found to be m
orth $350,000. His great wealth was never J8
ispected. So
STATE NEWS.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
We learn from the Lewiston Journal that the
iggregate shipments of shoes from Auburn and
Lewiston stations, the past week, have been 437 I
ases against 703 cases the week previous. The
shipments of leather have been 14,470 pounds
to 51,720 pounds the previous week.
The Lewiston Journal suggests a work build
ing to be connected with the county jail. Not
a bad idea.
FRANKLIN COUNTY.
The Farmington Chronicle is informed in re
gard to Ben Butler’s school teachiag in thst
town. It was in the winter of 1834, and in the
school-house above Walton’s Mills, known as
the “Butterfield District” He “boarded
round,” and during a portion of the time with
Mr. A. T. Tuck, now of this village. His a»e
at this time was 17 years; in size rather below
the medium stature, and not remarkably pre
possessing in appearance. He had average suc
cess with his school, and some of the wise
heads in the district predicted that he would
“make his mark in the world.”
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
Wm. H. Eigelow, Esq., of Clinton, has re
signed the supervisorship of schools for Kenne
bec county, which he has so acceptbaly filled
the past two yearn. Kev. D. N. Sheldon of
Waterville, has been recommended by the State
Superintendent, as successor, and will probably
receive the appointment from Gov. Perharn and
his Council, says the Kennebec Journal
Martin Tyler chased his hat through the ice
on the Kennebec river Thanksgiving day, and
came near drowning and freezing. On Satur
day, George Potter was walking across the riv
er, and passing over a piece of ice just frozen
over he went in. He was rescued by parties on
the ice.
The city of Gardiner is threatened with
the loss or some of her best primary school
teachers, the salaries being only $225 per year.
KNOX COUNTY.
The Thomas ton Shoe Company is in opera
tion, and that at Warren will begin next week.
Dr. Albee, of Union, was thrown from his
gig recently, and suffered a dislocation of liis
shoulder, while on his way to attend Mr. Len
fest, who had a broken leg.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The next Legislature will be petitioned for a
charter for a railroad from Bangor to the Pis
cataquis river, passing through Ivenduskeag
East Corinth and Charleston.
The Whig, in alluding to the appointment of
Mr. Lunt as Superintendent of the Maine Cen
tral ltailroad, says he has not as vet accepted
t.lio nffpr nrui it Ta dnnKtfnl if Aar v.:_
road will readily consent to part with him.
Four thousand sides of sole leather from the
tanneries in the eastern section of the State
went west over the Maine Central Railroad on
Wednesday.
SAGADAHOC COUNTY.
The Bath Times says business at Richmond
has been quite brisk since the the fire of Sept
2d. A number of new buildings have beeu
erected on the burnt district, ana it is proposed
to build some six or eight more in the spring.
Real estate has advanced at least fifteen to
twenty per cent, within a few months, and the
prospect is that it will advance more by another
spring.
SOMERSET COUNTY.
(From our Skowhcgan Correspondent.)
Wednesday morning, as John Holland, a
young man in the employ of A. P. Cobum,
was hitching some horses to a team loaded with
supplies for the woods the horses started, threw
Holland down and broke his leg.
Thermometer Wednesday morning 1° below
zero. No snow on the ground. Good sleighing
three miles above here and in all the back
towns.
Several teams ran away here Tuesday, but
no damage was done. The cold weather seems
to make even the team horses act if they were
colts.
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
The Machias Union says there is a rumor that
one of the late collectors of taxes in Calais is
short about $3000.
Machias river is still free from ice. Seven or
eight vessels were at the wharves Monday re
ceiving and discharging freight.
And now the smart old lady lives in Lubec.
A correspondent writes the Union that a Mrs.
Pendleton lives in North Lubec who is 8!) years
old. She does all of her own work, and "from
May to October she spun 169 skeins of yarn. In
ten days she spun 60 skeins. In the same time
she knit six pairs of stockings, three pairs of
socks, two pairs of mittens and knit eight
pounds of seine or net twine!
YORK COUNTY.
A discharge of twenty workmen in the depart
ment of yards and docks at Kittery Navy Yard
took place Tuesday, and the balance of the
force of laborers remaining are to be placed on
half time.
The Biddeford Democrat records a prize fight
at Gooch’s Ledge, between “Mit” Goodwin and
Seth Green. After the fight they appeared be
fore the Police Court and paid fines of $10.00
each.
IN GENERAL.
Patents have been issued this week to E. S.
Morse, East Dixfield, scissor grinding attach
ment for sewing machine; G. H. Hathorn, Ban
gor, spinning machine.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DR. E. F. GARVIN’S
TAR REMEDIES,
—FOR—
COUGHS, COLDS AND LUNG DISEASES.
For sale at Tmoiesaie, at
W. F. PHILLIPS Ac CO., Droggiats,
dc8sn3w No. 46 Middle St.,'Portland, Me.
SKATE sT~
c .1- .1,. IT.tS.J <_.1.__
“ACME CI/CJIB SKATES.”
Aiso a full line of Wood Top Skates, at wholesale
and retail.
G. L. BAIE.EY, 48 Exchange street.
oc33ecd sn_
HUMAN SUUFFERING.
Various the causes which produce
The suffering men endure;
Would that some one had power to use
Which would provide a cure.
While some there be in deep distress,
Because of poverty.
Others though riches they possess,
From pain are seldom free.
Some Boys are suffering for “Clothes,0
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hat and Shoes complete.
Such as they sell at George Fenno’s,
Corner of Beach and Washington street.
Get the Genuine Article.
The great popularity of Wilbor*s Compound of
Cod Liver Oil and Lime** has induced some unprin
cipled persons to attempt to palm off a simple article
of their own manufacture; but any person who is
suffering from Coughs, Colds, or Consumption should
be careful where they purchase tills article. It re
quires no puffing; the results following its use are its
best recommendations, and the proprietor has ample
evidence on file of its extraordinary success in pul
monary complaints. The phosphate of lime possesses
most marvellous healing power, as combined with
the pure Cod Liver Oil, by Dr. Wilbor. This medi
cine is regularly prescribed by the medical faculty.
For sale by A. R. Wilbor, Chemist, No. 166 Court
Street, Boston. WT&F
The True Grounds of Confidence.
Whence comes that firm reliance, that absolute,
undoubting faith in the efficacy of Hostetter’i Stom
ach Bitters as a remedy for indigestion, bilious dis
orders, intermittent and remittent fevers which noto
riously prevails in all parts of the United States?
This confidence has been growing for twenty years,
and it is still extending. It is not the result o
credulity; it has not been engendered by any human
device, but is the spontaneous and natural conse
quence of experience. What people see daily going
on under their own eyes they cannot question. When
families in unhealthy districts, that resort to this
wholesome vegetable tonic as a preventive, escape pe
riodical fevers, and their immediate neighbors, who
neglect that precaution are prostrated by the disease
how is it possible that the phenomenon should be
without its lesson? In e manner when it is seen
that obstinate cases of dj nepsia, of liver complaint,
a copstipation, of nervous weakness, and of general
r—w uucrauou oi me iaraous remedy,
tow can even Incredulity itself withhold its endorse
ment? Eye-witnesses of the salutary effects of the
bitters, arc to be found in every civilised settlement
■>n this continent. The thousands upon thousands
owe their restoration to health and strength, or
Iheir preservation from sickness to its extraordinary
mediclncal properties, are enthusiastic in its praise,
me multitudes who recommend it in a neighborly
jvay to their friends and acquaintances, as well as
those who make public their estimate of Its virtues,
ire always ready to state their reasons for the faith
aat ism them. They have all either felt or witness
i its beneficent ope rati ons.
NOW IS YOUR TIME
TO BUY A
GUN!
n order to close out my remaining stock of CJUIVS,
have marked them
DOWN BELOW THE COST!
FOR A FEW DAYS ONLY!
J* B. L1JCA8, 69 Exchange Street,
TWO DOORS FROM MIDDLE ST. 1
Nov SO-dtf sn 1
STERLING EXCHANGE
IILLH ON BARING BROS. CO., i
I
UNION BANK of LONDON, 3
-AND THE
Provincial Sank of London,
AND ALL ITS BRANCHES
Foi sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWS SONS,
_je!3 sntf_97 Exchange St.
Stock and Stand For Sale.
As I con'emplale leaving the ci*y will sell mv' 1
ock and place of business at great d’scouut J
1 shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
t my stock of
kip ■Timber, Plank. Spars, Knees, Heck-
lag, and Treenails.
Also 30.009 Cedsr R. R. Sleepers, extra size
For paniculars call on L. TAYLOR* a
sept 19-sntl 17t> Commercial at
■---1_ I
On Marriage.
appy Relief for Yeunir Ben Irons the ef
ts oi errors and aouses in early l,ie. Mari hood re
irerl. Impediments to marriage remove*! Ne-w r
tthod cl treatment. New and remarka.sle rente
's. Boots and Circulars sent free, in sualnl a
lopes. Address HOWARD ASSOCIATION No 2
ath Ninth street, Fhiladelphra, Fa. nowlsidto
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BURNETT’S
ITANDARD FLAVORING EXTRACTS!
FOB FLAVORING
loda Syrup*, Ice Creams, Custards, Pies,
Blanc Mange, Jellies, Sauces,
Soups, Gravies, etc.
The superiority of theso Extracts consists in their
PERFECT PURITY AND GREAT STRENGTH
There is no subject which should more engross at
»ntion than the purity of the preparations which
ire used in flavoring the various compounds prepared
for the human stomach.
These Extracts are warranted perfectly free from
\he poisonous oils and acids which enter into the
composition of many of the factitious fruit flavors
now in the market. They are not only true to their
names, but are prepared from fr uits of the best qual
ity, and so highly concentrated that a small quantity
Dnly need be used.
They have stood the test of eighteen years time and
competition, and are pronounced unrivalled by the
most eminent connoisseurs, proprietors of the leading
hotels, and prominent dealers in the United States
and Canada. They are neatly put up in five sizes
—unpaneled bottles, holding more than paneled
sizes appearing much larger. They are the best
and cheapest Fruit Extract the market affords
Tfyeir Standard quantity and quality will be strictly
maintained.
It is necessary in some cases for persons de
siring “Burnett’s Superior Flavoring Ex
tracts,” to insist upon obtaining them in order to
avoid many of the factitious brands offered, becaus®
of their larger profits.
JOSEPH BURNETT CO.,
Sole Proprietors, Boston.
For sale by first-class Grocers and Druggists gen
erally. dc38Neod
HOME SECURITIES.
BONDS
OF THS
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY Is completed from
Baugor, Maine, to St. .John. New Bruuswick, a
distance ot 2f2 mile?,—with the exception of 58
mil< s between Winn, Me., and ilie boundary line ot
tbe State at Vancebnro’. On thi* portion tiie track
is now I eiue la d, bolt from Winn eastward and
from Vanceboro' westward. and tbe work will be
completed and trams running from Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Th.it road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTING THE UNITED STATES
AND THE BRITISH PROVINCES (New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). The population ot the
maritime Provinces ia about ONE MILLION,
and all the land travel, ireiglit, mails. &c„ betwecu
them and the Uni ed States.will pass over this Trunk
line,which is WITHOUT CO ?l PETITION.
Although not yet completed, the business of the
road is already f«r greater than its most sanguine
friends predicted, and ia continually increasing.
The net earnings from Local BimlnrHS alone,
on the 5d miles completed in Maine, already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars, and will be largely increasing alter Sept next,
by the business to ami Irom the Proviucss.
To complete this road, and to equip it as fully as its
present large business and tne imaed'ate iucreasa
consequent upon its completion, requires —the Com
pany has issued its Bonds to the amount, of Two
Millions ot Dollars, tenured by a
FIRST AND ONLY MORTGAGE
ON IT» ENTIRE 110 4 0 ANO PROP
ERTY FH»1| WINN lo VANCEBOKO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipmenis from Bangor to Winn, 56 miles. This
portion cost some $2 300,0 0, and tbe only lien there
on is a mortgage to the city ot Bangor tor #1,000.000)
if and. in addition thereto, by a FIRST AN U
ONLY MORTGAGE on
000,000 ACRES OF LAND
Said lands being the same granted by theS'ate of
Maine to aid the construction ol this road. They are
situated along tho Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an l are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
tracts, especially in the fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agricultural district in the 8t%te,) are valuab e
lor tarmin* lands as well as for their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres lo each Mile
of Railroad wiih which thev a^e mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as the State
o* Rhode island, which is 1306 square milts and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage ot the Railway, its
equipments, &c., which alone is ample security tor
the Bonds, there are timbei and farm lands to the
amount of
400 ACRES TO EACH BOND.
also pledged to ensure the payment thereof.
'1 hi* Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March 1, 1809,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free From IJ. 8. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
Yol'k. Bo ml* rfgis’erel if desired, Coupons made
payable (LG eacn> in tendon, Eng'and, i» pr-Corred.
SINKING FLND-All proceeds oi sales of land,
as well as ol timber and other products therefrom,
are, by the Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
they can be bought at oar or less; otherwise in
United States, State or Municipal Securities. And
on July i, 1879, and annually therealter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, tbe E. N. A.
naiiway to. is oounu io pay to tnc Trustees a sum
of money equal to one per cent, of the amount ot
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all interest
received on securities, belonging to the Minkins
Fund are to be invested a* above stated, and these
accumulations are solely for the purpose of addition
ally providing lor the redemption ot these Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a third great element
ol securitg and strength, and adds to the satety of
these Bouds.
The Trustees are Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, of
Bangor, Me and J. EDGAR THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Par and Accrued Interest in payment for
any ot the lauds at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities tor sale at
90 and Acorued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange for these
Bonds, and can be sent by Kxfrcss and these re
turned by Express, tree of expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further partuuars concerning
the connections aDd business, with'Maps, showing
the focation and lands of this road, sent free on ap-
plication to
ELLAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Male of Bouds,
BANOOR, MAINE,
OB TO
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO Middle Mtrcet..Portland,
O^*0n completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles of Railroad
now building, between St John, N. B, and Halifax,
N. S, there will be an unbroken line ol Railway
trom Halifax to all the chief cities of the United
States, anil as two or three days ol ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 36 hour** time saved, from
New York, in going to or coming Horn Ruroi*. by
rail to or trom Halifax,— a large business in pas
sengers, mails and Ireighi will ’hereby be aaued to
the tradio over the E. N. A. Railway.
Julyl3-sneod tf
PROCURE TICKETS
-at
W. D. LITTLE CO’S,
OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENCY.
TRAVELERS FOR CALIFORNIA,
And the West, South and Northwest, may ob
tain through Tickets, by the best and most
reliable routes from Portland, or Boston, or New
York, to any point desired at the lowest rates at
the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency, of
W. D. LITTLE CO.,
Office 49 1-9 Exchange St,
ISPTIeliable information cheerfully furnished at
&U times. aug25sn tf
EXCHANGE
-ON
England, Sc Hand and Ireland!
DRAFTS ON HAND
Ready for Immediate Delivery
TV srxta TO QTTYT
WILLIAM E. WOOD,
67 Exchange St.
Agent for Henry Clews Co., N. Y.
jun27-tf sn
STORAGE. ADVANCES1
Storage to let in first class bonded warehouses on
frown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
Euid Sugar Co’s buildings York Danlorth and Com
aerfial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
lylosn Q7 Exchange Street.
S. B. GO WELL.
mticipating leaving the city now oilers his entire
Lock of Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
t great bargains, and will continue the sales only
util he sells his house. {See advertisement by Geo.
I, Davis tf Go.) Wow s your time to make your
'all and Winter purchases.
gyCorne early and at oid the rush. sep7-sntf
“sexual science,
By Prof. O.-S. Fowler.
SEXUAL SCIENCE explains NATURE’S LAWS
applicable to the sexes. No one familiar with
owler’s writings, will doubt the GREAT FUACTI
AL VALUE OF THIS WORK to every adult man
r woman.
ATWELL CO., 174J Middle St.,
o29-2w_Agents tor Portland and vicinity.
LEV A PERRINS’ SAUCE,
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
The Only Good Sauce.” i
It iin roves appetite and digestion,and it is unriv
led lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs LEa PERRINS to
roseeuteail parties making or vemnogconnterieits.
JO UN JDUNCAN’* SONS,
augl2sn6m_Agents, New York.
For Sale.
rHE new two story French root house, Just fln- 1
ished, on Cushman 8t.; house piped tor Sebago,
ad all the modern improvements. Enquire on the
remises or No 26 Emery at. J. A. TENNEY.
sepSdtt sn J
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GREAT REDUCTION IN TRICES!
[f you want more pictures for your money, than you
ever received before, call at the
Portland Photograph (Gallery,
No 80 MIDDLE STREET.
Look at some of the prices.
i^Large Ferrotypes 50 cents,
Former price SI 00
12 Card Ferrotypes 50 cents,
F&rmeJprice SI 00
72 Tin Types 50 centes,
former price $1 00
Pictures in Frame 75 cents.
Photographs $2 00 per doz.
tyFnr children under five years of age, an addl
tional price will be charged.
A. S. DAVIS A CO.
dc6 SN 2w___
BETTER AND CHEAPER
THAN ANY OTHER
BOOTS AJST> SHOES:
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW WIRE!
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, moro
Comfortable, and Water-proof, aud are warranted
not to Kin or Gape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
in excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade,
their Durability is far greater, they preserve their
Shai>e much better, aud the metalic fastening insures
a more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The iihmeuso demand having called forth imita
tions, consumers should bo sure that every boot or
shoe bears the Patent Stamp.
Sold by Dealers Everywhere.
no28sn7w
GRAHAM FLOUR!
OF A SUPERIOR QUALITY, FRESH FROM tfllE MILL.
Also the celebrated “POSTELS,**
And Other Choice Brands.
8U-oc9-d3m SHAW, HAMMOND CARNEY.
Batchelor's Hail* Dye.
This superb Hair Dye is the best in the world—per
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
appointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair clean; sof,t beautiful; does not
contain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all Druggists.
Factory, 16 BOND STREET, N. Y
jyll SN D&W 1Y
Notice.
THE Cigar store that wai advertised for sale at 229
(lovgress street, has removed back to tie o!d
stand ou Exchange street, where I will still manu
facture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invite
all my customers and (heads iu general to call and
have %11'brawis ot Imported Cigars, and flue brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
I waut two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. PONCE, No. SO Exchange St.
Jl-tf
_MARRIED. __
In this city, Dec. 7, by Rev. A. A. Smith, William
E. Hart and Miss Helen M. Kemp, both of Portland.
In Biddeford, Nov. 23, Charles F. Moore and Hattie
H. Famham.
In Lewiston, Nov. 23, P. Doherty, of Boston, and
Annie Robertson, of Lewiston.
_DIED._
In this city, Wednesday evening, 6th, William M.
Lewis, aged 51 years.
[Prayers at his late residence, No. 10 Bramhall St.,
Friday afternoon 3 o’clock. Relatives and friends are
invited to attend.
In this city, Dec. 7, Alice A., daughter of John F.
and Dorcas H. Edwards, aged 9 years 2 months and
19 days.
[Funeral services Friday forenoon at 10 o’clock,
at No. 70 York street.
In this city, Dec. 7, Freddie, infant son of John E.
and Rose Cushing.
[Funeral services this Friday afternoon at 2 o’clk,
at No. 15 Smith street.
In Boston. Dec. .5, Sarah M., eldest daughter of
Chas. L. and Mary A. Bennison, aged 34 years.
DEPARTURE OF OCEAN STEAMERS
NAME FROM FOR DATE
Moravian.Portland-Liverpool.Dec 9
City of Antwerp ..New York.. Liverpool.Dec 9
Holsatia.New York. .Hamburg.Dec 12 1
Wisconsin.New York. .Liverpool. —Dec 13
Russia.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 13
City of Merida.New York. .Hav& V Cruz.Dec 14
Moro Castle.New York.. Havana.Dec 14
City of Bristol.New York.. Liverpool.Dec 14
Rising Star.New York—Aspinwall-Dec 15
Sarmatian.Portland-Liverpool.Dec 16
Calabria..„.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 16
PeTeire.New York. .Havre.Dec I9
City of Paiis.New York. .Liverpool.Dec I9
Nevada.New York—Liverpool.Dec 20
Java.New York. .Liverpool.Dec-20
Columbia.New York. .Havana.Dec 21
City of Washington.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 21
Prussian.Portland-Liverpool.Dec 23
South America. New York.. Rio Janeiro .Dec 23
Miniature Almanac.December 8.
Sun rises.7.17 I Moon rises.2.40 AM
Sun sets.4.27 High water. 7.45 AM
MAJRINTE NEWS.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Thursday, Dec. L
ARRIVED.
Steamer New Brunswick, Pike, Boston for Eastport
and St John, NB.
Brig Ernest, Hodgdon, Boston.
Sch Maracaibo, Henley, New York—iron to Rol
ling Mills.
Sch Olive Hayward, Arey, New York—com to Geo
W True Co.
Sell E L Gregory, Thorndike, New York—com to 1
Geo W True Co.
Sch J WhitehouBC, Pillsbury, Boston.
Sell Magnolia, Merrill, Boston for Surry.
Sch Royal Oak, Benson, Salem.
Sch F M Sawyer, Kelley, Newburyport, to load for
Porto Rico.
Sch Charter Oak, Poole, Saco.
Sch C V Minot, Jewett, Boothbay—dry fish to E G
Willard.
Sch Sarah Hill, Mclnness, Orland for Newport.
Schs Mary A Rowland, Coombs, and Fair Dealer,
Snow, Bangor for Boston.
Schs Rainbow, Green, and Fred Dunbar, Perkins,
Bangor for Boston.
Sen Wave, Chandler, Bangor for Boston.
CLEARED.
Steamer Franconia, Bragg, New York—Henry Fox.
ocu xj jcj ouuipsuu, jrnce, ot oonn, isrs—oonn I'or
teous.
Sch Sea King, (Br) Granville, St John, NB—John
Porteous.
Sch Venilia, Lewis, Fairhaven—J Nickerson.
FROM MERCHANTS’ EXCHANGE.
si(l fm Havana 30th ult, brig Nellie Clifford, Little
field, and Sullivan, for Pensacola; Torrent, Tibbetts,
Baltimore; 1st inst, A H Curtis, Merriman,Delaware
Breakwater.
Ar at Cardenas 27th, sch C R Floyd, from Bath.
At Ponce 18th, barque Andes, Davis, for Guanilla
aud Guanica, to load for New York.
Shipbuilding—At Damariscotta, J H Stetson is
to build a ship of 1200 tons; Chas G Merry, a brig of
450 tons; Franklin Clark a schr of 250 tons, aud B D
Metcalf, a schr of 125 tons.
Sch W B Darling, of Portland, will winter at Pro
vidence, together with a large number of other Maine
vessels, the reason for which is that stores, dockage,
&c, are cheaper there than in Maine.
MEMORANDA.
Barque Penang, of Bath, ashore at Nauset Beach,
has been pumped out, and her cargo is being landod
on the beach by surf boats. About 300 bags sugar
have been landed and anchors have been carried out,
and with good weather she will soon be lightened so
as to haul off. She is but little damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 1st, sch Fannie H Bucklin*
Bucklin, Rockland 21 days.
PENSACOLA—Ar 30th, ship McLeod, Morris, fin
Liverpool.
JACKSONVILLE—Sid 30th, sch \yebster Bernard,
Smith, Providence.
Sid 28th, sch Mary Augusta, Holt, Providence.
SAVANNAH—Ar 1st, sch John L Tracey, Watts,
Boston.
Cld 1st, sch Ida S. Burgess, Cottrell, Providence.
Ar 2d, sch Jas Young, Wilson, Gardiner.
Cld 5tli, brig Jas Davis. Partridge, Baltimore.
CHARLESTON—Sid 5th, brig E C Redman, Gar
diner, Wilmington, NC.
Cld 2d, sch Franconia, Leavitt, Mobile.
NORFOLK—Ar 2d, sch Grace Watson, Wallace,
Baltimore for North Carolina.
BALTIMORE—Ar 3d. barque Conquest, Small,
Boston, to load for Marseilles; sch Louisa Crockett,
Flanders, Richmond.
PHILADELPHIA—Ar 4th, sch Mary E Staples,
Dinsmore, Boston.
Ar 5th, barque Rome, Otis, Boston.
Cld 5tli, barque Hornet, Hopkins, Gibraltar; schs
H F Baker, Whitman, Portsmouth; Maria Roxana,
Palmer, Portland.
NEW YORK—Ar 5th, brig Emily, Brown, Jack
sonville; schs Sparkling Sea, Farrell, do 20 da vs: Car
rie L Hix, Hix, Port Johnson for Boston; St Elmo,
Snow, do for Providence; Vesta. Marshall, do for
Portland; Enterprise, Leighton, do for Boston; Ab
bio Oakes, Rideout, Providence; Aelen G King, Mar
shall, Calais.
Cld Gtb, barque Damon, Shaw, London: schs Jed
die, Turner, Vera Cruz; M A McCann, Kavanaugh,
Norfolk; Mary Edwards, Greeuleaf, Baltimore.
Passed through Hell Gate 5th, schs L Staudish, fm
New York for Boston; Ruth S Hodgdon, Pendleton,
from do for Rockland; Ring Dove, Wooster, do for
BRIDGEPORT—Ar 5th, sch Elvira, Bancroft,
FALL RIVER—Ar 5th. sch M J Laughton, Laugh
ton, Pembroke, dismasted.
PROVIDENCE—Sid 5th. schs Col Eddy, McBean,
Elizabethport; Trenton, Wall, New York.
DIGHTON—Sid 4th, sch Central America, Roberts
for Bath, to repair.
NEWPORT—In port 5th, schs Harriet Gardiner,
Miller, Fall River for Savannah; Mansticld, Acliorn,
Somerset for New York; Challenge, Torrey, Bristol
ior Greenport, LI: S D Hart, Han, Philadelphia for
Boston; Frances Hatch, Fales, Rockland for N York;
Maud Mullock, Wentworth, Calais for do; John Far
num, Berry, Providence for do; Montana, Bcarso.
Richmond for Norfolk; Flying Arrow* Curtis, Fall
River for New York.
Also, brig Sarah Emma, Carter, from Providence
for Baltimore; Silas McLoon, Spear, fm Rockland for
do; C W Dexter, Nason, Gardiner for Narragansett;
Challenge, Bennett, New York for Portland, leaky;
Jas Garcelon, from Portland for-.
VINE YARD-HA VEN-Ar 4th, schs Ivy Bell, Cox,
Bangor for Portlaud, Ct; May Evelyn, McLellan, fm
Portland for New York.
BOSTON—Cld Gth, barque Mary Pratt, Kilbom, for
Portland.
Ar 7th, sch Abby Pitman, Haskell, Philadelphia.
Cld 7th, schs Audio Ryerson, Pike, for New York;
E L Dowling, Stillwell, Portland.
GLOUCESTER—Ar Gth, sch Mariel, Fletcher, tm
Saco for Bostou.
PORTSMOUTH—Ar 4th, brig Benj Caswell, Wil
liams, Elizabethport; schs Othello, Robinson, Phila
ielphia; Olive, McFarland, Elizabethnort.
BATH—Sid 6th, barque Rachel, Norton, St John,
5sB, to load for Cuba.
FOREIGN PORTS.
At Antwerp 16th ult, ships Florence Treat, Short*
for Philadelphia, ldg; Priscilla, York, for New Or
eans, do; and others.
Ar at Oueenstown 23d, brig John W Hunt, Hunt,
Philadelphia.
Ar at Malaga 17th ult, brig John Zittlosen, Fickett,
^arthagena.
Cld 17th, barque Brilliant, Sprague, New York.
Cld at M iyaguez 17th ult, sch Dauntless, Coombs,
Sew York.
In port 17tli ult, sch E K Dresser, Reed, for Charles
on, ldg; and others.
Ar ai Yarmouth, NS, 20th ult, brig Emeline, Mor
111, Portland.
Ar at St John, NB, 2d inst, sch Geo Calhoun, Price,
Portland.
[Latest, by European steamer.]
Ar at Liverpool 22a, Welkiu, Suow, Cronstadt.
Cld 20th, Carrie E Long, Park, Havana; Emma,
licit, New Orleans.
Off Dover 22d, Josephine Martin, Fickett, fm New
fork for Bremen.
Ar in Kingroad 23d, Isaac Iincoln, Merriman, Balti
more, and anchored at Bristol, (touched on Horse
hoe Point in going up.)
Sid 23d, Gold Hunter, Freeman, New Orleans.
Ar at Newport 23d, F W McLellan, Thomas, New
>r leans.
Cld at Londonderry 22d, Martha A McNeil, Watts,
lew Orleans.
Ar at Girgcnti prev to 13th ult, H H Wright, Mey
rs, Venice.
Ar at Palermo 11th ult, John Brightman, Gray, fin
fortici.
Ar at Messina 12th ult, Geo Kingman. Hammond,
lenoa.
Sid fm Venice 15th ult, Man son, Gilkey. Messina.
Ar at Alicante 18th ult, Delfthaven, Freese, from
f alencia.
Sid 2Gth, Sandy Hook, Barstow, Havana.
Slu tin Bordeaux 18th, Herman, Hichborn, for New j
fork; ICth, Courser, Maiden, do.
Ar at Havre 21st ult, Alice M Minott, Lowell, from
'Jew York.
Sid 20th, Enos'Soule, Soule, and Guardian, Bar’aud
sew Orleans.
Cld 21st, John Bunyan,Gilmore,Savannah: Home
vard Bound, Merrimau, Cardiff aud United States.
Sid fm Dunkirk 21st, Chas Fobes, Swett, Cardiff.
Ar at Autwerp 21#t, Helen Sands, Wood side, from
Philadelphia.
Slil fm Hel. oet 20th ult, F B Fay, Durham, New
Orleans; Mary Rideout, Tucker, Matauzas.
Ar at Hamburg 20th, Wni McGilvery, Nichols,from
Valparaiso.
Ar at Liverpool 23il ult, Southern Rights, Wey
Qi <uth, Savannah.
Cld 24th, Freedom, Bradley, New York.
Ent for ldg 23d, Prussian, (s) Dutton, for Portland;
Moroni, Lowell, for Savannah; 24th, Southern Rights
Weymouth, for Savannah.
Ar at Cadiz 20th ult, Kossack, Elliott, New York.
Ar at Nazaire 21st ult, Harry Booth, Chase, from
Stettin.
Slil fm Bordeaux 21st ult, Ramirez, Bernard, for
Savannah.
Ar at Havre 23d, Tranquebar, Waterhouse, from
New \ork.
Sid fm Memel 20th ult, Jas M Chart-bill. Gibbons,
London.
Sid fm Flushing Roads 20tli, Priscilla, York, for
New York.
kpoken.
Oct 7, off Cape Agulhas, ship Sacramento, from
Manila for New York.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
The National Traders' Bank.
11HE Stockholders of this Baak are hereby notified
that their Anuual Meeting will be held at their
Banking Room, on Tuesday, the 0th day of January
next, at 3 o'clock, P. Af., to choose five Directors for
the ensuing year, and to act on any other business
that may legally come liefore them.
EDWARD GOULD, Cashier.
Portland, Doc. 8,1871. dtd
Cumberland National Bank.
THE Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the
Cumberland National Bank of Portland, will 1>«
held at their Bankiug Room on Tuesday, the 9th
day ofJauanrr, l§7‘3, nt 3 o'clock P. 71.,
for the election or Directors and the transaction of
any other business that may then come before them.
SAM’L SMALL, Cashier.
Portland, Dec. 6, 187L_dc7dtd
Canal National Bank.
THE Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of “The
Canal Nat’l Bank of Portland,” f r the election of
seven Directors, and for the transaction of any other
business that may legally come before them, will be
held at their Banking House on Tuesday, the Ninth
day of January, 1872, at 11 o’clock A. M.
dec7-td B. C. SOMEUBY, Cashier.
New Store for Sale, or Rent.
ON Emery Street near Pine. Very cosy and con
venient, gas throughout house and cellar, piped
for Sebago, cellar cemented, everything in prime con
dition. Will be sold at low figure, or rented if not
sold. W. P. MERRILL,
dec8-tf Telegraph Office, Exchange St.
“OPERA SACKS,'
FOR Ladies and Misses, in Red, Bine nml
Black, prettily trimmed, just what is wanted,
at 91*75 aud upwards. Breakfast Shawls
91.75. Millinery and Fancy Goods as usual, at
MRS. WELCH’S,
79 Middle 8t., 3d door from Exchange St.
Dec. 8. eod lw
NOTICE is hereby given, that the subscriber has
been duly appointed and taken upon herself the
trust of Administratrix of the estate of
JAMES POOLE, late of Portland,
in the County of Cumberland, deceased, and given
bonds as the law directs. All persons having de
mands upon the estate of said deceased are required
to exhibit the same; and all arsons indebted to said
estate are called ui»on to make payment to
EUNICE POOLE, Adm’x.
Portland, Doc 5th, 1871. dc 8 16 23
REMOVAL!
MILLINERY FANCY GOODS
MISS H. F. MARSH, having removed to 329 Con
gress St., invites attention to her fine assort
ment of Millinery and Fancy Onoila, which
will be sold at low prices. Bonueta and llata
ready made and made to order. dc8uewlw
FOR _SALE.
Horse, Buggy and Harness 1
AT CLAY RAYMOND’S STABLE.
Dec 8-d3t*
Wanted.
FI {JR or six Draught horses, weighing from ten to
thirteen hundred pounds, suitable for loggiug.
A. C. BARKER,
dc2-lw 131 Commercial st., Portland.
Notice
IS hereby given, that the inhabitants of Harpswell
and Brunswick, will petition the Legislature of
Maine, for 1872, for authority to build a public bridge
to connect Bailey’s Island with Orr’s Island, in the
Town of Harpswell. HUGH SINNETT, 2d,
Nov. 27, 1871. And T6 others.
no28 d TT&S w48 3w
Stop that Crazy Man!
FOR 10 DAYS I SHALL SELL
6 CORD THREAD
In quantities to snit purchasers) at 3 cents
a spool.
NICE
PIiUSH and VELVET
HATS!
WORTH S*00 FOR 25 cts
Other Milliuery in Proportion.
Our Entire Stock
AT PANIC PRICES
300 DOZEN
White Lin. Handkerchiefs
Worth 94.30 Per Dozen,
FOR 25 CENTS EACH.
Or, $2.25 Per Dozen.
EVERYTHING
Going With a Rush
at
COGIA HASSAN’S,
L29 Middle, and
G Temple Sts.
Decembers. u ntf
MISCELLANEOUS.
TRUTH.
Our customers, anil all others, will find a stock of
Swiss Carved Goods
At our store very much larger, of
SUPERIOR WORKMANSHIP!
AN 1» FINK FINIS*II
AND OF
Newer aud More Beautiful Dcilknu
THAN ANY IN THE CITY!
And, what is better than all this, having Imported
them ourselves we aic enabled to
HELL I III H LOWER THAN ANY
DETAIL DEALER CAN OUTAIN
THEY THIIOI’Cill THE
I.YPOBTERM.
Mr. SCHUMACHER had the advantage of select
ing from New and Fall Blocks in Europe, and
We Save the Importer’s Profits
Which we find by comparison is not small.
If you will take the trouble to call and see the goods
and compare price and quality with any other to be
found, you will bo satisfied that the above is true.
We also have a nice stock of
TERRA COTTA FIGURES,
MANTLE ORNAMENTS,
Which are pretty and cheap. Also a choice assort
ment of Porcelain Painting*), selected by Mr.
Schumacher iu Dresden.
Schumacher Bros,
5' DEER1NG BLOCK.
Dec 4-dtf __
BONDS!
Portland Vlunicipal,. 0*a
Portland aid R. K.,.t. C’s
Htate of !Haiae,. 6’i
Ml I.ouia,. O’*
Rockland aid R R.,. O’*
Enropcan Ac If. A. R. R., Cold,. 6’*
Portland Ac Ogdcnnburg R. R. Cold,. O’*
Portland Ac Rochester R. R.,. 7’*
Chicago,. 7’*
Toledo,. O’*
FOR BALE BY
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers.
IOO MIDDLE STREET.
oc23ss mwf
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce and Relish!
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY TJSE.
TO BE IIAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Sale in Portland by
MINE Sc NEVIIfM.
HALES

RUSSIAN
PRODUCTIONS.
dcddlwis
INTERNATIONAL
INSURANCE CO.,
NEW YORK.
CASH CAPITAL, $500,000.
Statement of the International In
surance Co., Nov. 2, I»71.
Cash iu Leather Manufacturers’ National
Bank.$152,420.51
Cash ou hand. 2,448.00
U. S. 5-20 Bonds...(Market Val.) 22,250.00
U. S. 10-40 Bonds. 109,250.00
U. S. 6 per cent 30 year Bonds 44 389,812.50
U. S. 6 per cent. 1881 Bonds.. 44 11,525.00
State Bonds. 44 55,170.0#
Market National Bank Stock. 44 2,688.00
Real Estate. 200,000.00
Loans on United States Bonds. 237,475.00
Loans on Bond and Mortgage. 119,400.00
Premiums in course of transmission. 119,511.3
Debts for Premiums. 27,695.1
All other Securities. 17,073.55
Trttnl AbsM« *1 4fifi 790.01
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment 1
Including all losses at Chicago I®03*015
Other Claims. 3,250 $608,265.00
Capital and Surplus—$858,455.00
GEO. W. SAVAGE, President.
HAMILTON BRUCE, Vice President.
WILLIAM T. HUGHES, Secretary
State op New York Insurance Department, I
Albany, November 2, 1871. j
In pursuance of the request of the International
Insurance Company of New York, I have examined
its affairs and hud its condition is as follows:—
The Company has assets securely invested and
available to the amount of 91,499,7 90. After de
ducting or providing for all liabilities, including rein
surance rrserte and losses by the great fire at Chica
go, the Capital of the Company, 9500,000, is
wholly unimpaired. These facts are, in my judg
ment. sufficient to commend theCompany to the entire
confidence of the public. GEO. W. MILLER,
Superintendent Insurance Department.
W. D. LITTLE CO., Ag’s.
OFFICE,
49 1-2 EXCHANGE STREET.
uor'J 1 _r_(liw3wi.
Produce for Sale.
JgQ TIBS NICK ^VERMONT BUT
75 Bbla Sweet Cider.
900 Nice Danvers Onions.
95 Medium Picklea.
95 Half Bbla. Medium Picklea.
lO Bbla. Sweet Potatoea.
Bbla. Cranberriea.
Bbla. Pare Cider Vinegar.
Bbla. Applea.
Bbla. llama.
Boxea Cheeae.
Jackson Potatoea, Egga, and all kinds
Canned Goods.
^o. 9 ]V£o-ulton Street.
dcfidlw CYRUS GREENE.
CHRISTMAS
IS COI1NG!
And I have just received the Finest Assortment o
SILK UMBRELLAS
To be found In the City. Abo a FULL ASSORT
MENT of thorn
WARRANTED
Scotch Gingham Umbrellas
together with
MUSIC,
Fall.., and Vlu.irnl InalrumenO, which
will stive the public an onnsriuniif
wlrct m USEFUL
Holiday Present!
IT Call and examine at
318 COMOREgg STREET,
Opposite Mechanic's Hall.
J. N.DAVI8.
del
ALLAN_LINE!~
Montreal Ocean Steamship Co.
CARRY ISO THE
Canadian and Visited States Hails.
Passengers Booked to London
derry aim Liverpool.
Return 'Pickets
granted at Reduced Rales.
TRe aioamsiup MORAVIAN, Capt. Graham, will
eave this port for Liverpool on
Maturdsy, December Oth.
Immediately after the arrival of the Train of the
previous day from Montreal. __ _
To be followed by the S. S. SARMATIAN* Capt
J. Wylie, on Saturday, Dec. Kith.
Passage to Londom Terry and Li v er pool, Cabin (ac
cording to accommodations)....|70ie
Payable in Gold or its equivalent.
For Freight or Cabin Passage, aiiplf to
u .1 ALLAN, No. 1 mala at.
,V,„,™,inwaia and outward, and fbr
SlguftSSnSTglSdf.aa^U-ounU^pir to
No. 3 India Street.
Portland, Pec. 5-tf
tv the HAND OP WIDE
A KIRDwaKE AGENTS if they tike an
A our Elegant Gift Books. People
agency at once Holidays, and our induce
will buy prusc"" 9100 easily earned in thrss
ments “JL ltliJke while the Iron 19 hot. Address
wests, ifyuu Jg” A> WcKElTMEV CO.,
4‘i l-‘i hxchsngr street.
Portland, Me»
no28deod2w 48-w3w .'vI&K-.j Mi