WASHINGTON.
The Question of Chil Service Re
form Before the Cabinet.
Sharp Criticisms Upon the Report of
the Committee.
T&f Eii Klui Organ nation Shown Cp by the
(Vminiltrf on Southrrn Outrages.
Financial Effects of Consolidating In
ternal Revenue Districts.
Washington, Nov. 10, 1871.
Protr?' tcd Cabinet Nciwloii? l IvU Service
Reform I'ndrr i>iacnNaiun.
The Cabinet meeting to-day, wnich was a very
tons one, was mostly devoted to hearing the views
ol Mr. Geonte William Curtis on civil service reform.
Vothing of a definite character was determined
npon. but the administration will shortly adopt the
views of the civil service reformers, and endeavor to
putlnto practice thu Idea* ol fitness for official posl
uou, Jtc.. which have long been the stock in trade
of a very earnest class of politicians. Already
the clerks In the departments arc contemplating the
new era of competitive examinations, au.l a busi
ness house here has introduced the "cramming1'
oooks of the English service to point out to these
straitened officials the way to iavor under the new
order of things, just now the rules adopted by the
Civil Service commission are In a very chaotic state,
and are subject to raodlilcatloa and revision by the
Cabinet politicians, bo that their publication
would be practically useless, but a code of
rnies will soon be adopted by the
President, founded npon the recommendations of
the Commission. What they will be and what loop*
botes there will be left in them lor political favorit
ism cannot of course be determined. Mr. Curtis,
who has no doubt of the re-election of President
Craut, thinks the present time a very favorable op
portunity to test in practice the theories advanced
In the bills of Mr. jenckes and Senator Schurz. tn
the five years which will prooably remain to the pres
ent administration he believes so much success may
loilow this attempt to keep In ofhee men of clerical
fitness and known honesty, Independently of mere
political considerations, that it will be perilous to
the succeeding I'resluent to root them ont on par
tisan considerations. It is admitted that the diffi
culty in the wav is in tho appointment of the pres
ent officers in the usual manner, political iniluence
only being considered, and that much is lacking,
owing to the fact that few of them
Dave been long la the civil service. Hut
the circumstance that a whole Cabinet meeting
was devoted to hearing Mr. Curtis, and Mr. Curlis'
own confidence that the apDeals of the civil service
retortners will Have a practical test, are assurances
In the minds ol these people, at least, that soine
new thing under the sun Is to be tried for the purifi
cation of public lile. Hut it Is not improbable that
even this hope, which may spring irom Mr. Curtis'
earnestness, may be defeated. The Cabinet
omcers picked to pieces the rules which
lie presented, and the whole work of
the Commission was rather contemptuously dealt
with. Mr. Fish could not quite see his way clear
to excluding all the little Fishes who may want
consular or diplomatic appointments, and Mr.
Delano showed that he bad a particular regard for
certain class of Ohio politicians; Loutwell showed
no interest, being entirely absorbed in the syndi
cate, and Mr. Creawell said Postmasters had not
been Included In the firmer bills, and as it
was not Important that they should be able
ite they were a political
not to be interfered with on
<ai election. Tho Commission
tem of rules, but the Indlffer
rences of the Cabinet have
mluaion. it may happen that
rvice reform, independent of
a Congressional enactment, may prove to be only a
tub to the whate. It would certainly be a heroic
thing for a President who expects re-election to de
clare that hereafter nobody should be appointed to
or kept in office who was unfit for official position.
Whether such a declaration shall be made Is jnst
now what is aeitatiag the Cabinet.
Beport ol the Committee on 8oii!iieru Ont
racen. I
The testimony taken by tue Committee on Soutnern j
Outrages, ol wriich senator Scott Is chairman, in
cluding the evidence before the sub-committee
which visited South Carolina, is now in ihe hands
of the chairman, who Is preparing a carelul digest
for the special report. It will trace the history of
the Ku Klux organization from its formation in
Giles county, Tennessee, In 186 through its
ramifications in the Sou' hern Stales. It Is
ibe opinion among odlclals here that tne Ku Klux
are disbanding in North and South Carolina, and
that belore the close of the year the spirit of disin
tegration will pervade Georgia, Alabama and Mis
sissippi. The Congressional act passed at the last
session for the suppression of the Ku Klux out
rages 18 regarded as complete. The only test of the
powers conferred has been at Raleigh, and It re
mains lor ihe judiciary to decile whether
the act Is constitutional or not. The re
port of the committee will not be sub
?litted to congress until after the holidays. It
la probable that some recommendation will be made
on the subject of general arnucsty. The minority
report win place particular stress upon the extrava
gant taxation and burdensome legislation imposed
opon the people of the reconstructed States.
(acargiuiiM Alarmed at the Project of Mar
tini Lnw,
It appears from the Georgia papers that mucn
Alarm pievails under the apprehension that the
President will declare martial law in that State, it
may be safely said, however, that such is not his
design, there being nothing in the present condi
tion of any part of Georgia to warrant such a
measure. A report was published recently that
Senator Scott, chalrmau of the Kn Klux Committee,
Had recommended the Issuing or the proclamation,
bat that gentleman hiraseU denied that tne report
|>as the least foundation.
Coatolidatluft Internal KcTrnnr DlMrirta.
Since the beginning of the year nine collection
districts have been blotted from ti?<* list of the
Internal revenue by tne plan of consolidation m
augt rated by President Grant. Pour were In New
York city, two in Philadelphia, one in Cincinnati,
one in Baltimore and one in San Francisco. This
effects a saving of at .east $I00,0\K> in salaries of
officials.
The fane of ihe Mrnmrr HorneL
This government and the Spanish authorities
have not yet arrived at an agreement respecting
the Hornet, now at Port au Prince, menaced by
Spanish vessels. A correspondence Is in progress
oetween the secretary of Stale and Minister Roberts,
the former protesting againsc the design to seize
that vessel, wluch is under the American flag.
Urpadurr of Grnrral Mii-rni-m for Europe.
Adia?ral Alden and General Sherman, accompa
nied t>y Cuiouci Auflpureid ami Lieutenant (mint,
Jeave litre to-night 10 emt.ark on the Wabash to
morrow for Europe. President Grant and wife will
gv with tiielr son to Sew York, there take leave of
feiui and return to Washington on Monday.
JCxcciitive Appointment*.
George B. Lick has been appointed as Assistant
Assessor for the Thirtieth New York district,
Anthony Banning as Gauger for the IMth Ohio dis
trict, and George \V. Donaldson as Assistant As
sessor for the Seventh Ohio district.
Ojiralsf of the PnHliionablo tteason In the
Capital.
The fashionable season was opened In Washing
ton to-night? rather earlier than usual? by an ama
teur performance of the "Hunchback" and "A
Gentleman from Ireland," at Wail's opera House.
The entertainment was for tho benefit of the ctiari
ties of the congregation of the Epiphany, the church
iw> ?t cellruw of the West End, and Lafayette
square, Georgetown Heights and Capitol Hill
rained nobly to t?t?lr support, lite bouse
was abiaes with silks, iaees, jewels, stately
forms anil lovely faces, and the C&Mnel, the em
bassies the army, the navy, i lie civil service, the
press and the ancient noblt sse ol the capital all
contributed a full quota to the scene. Tne dressing
upon the stage was iu no way Interior vo that lu the
auditorium. The several characters In tne plays
selected wore borne by ladles aid gentlemen In the
employ of the government and prominent lr.
society. Th? President v,as not present, l>etni$ on
his way to New York to sc li s son Fred off to
Europe, but the Executive cirele was well repre
sented.
Canar of the Smallpox PlnKiir.
Prominent srentiemen here attribute the spread of
smallpox in Philadelphia and other elites to the
sale of buttalo rows there taken from the Blackfeet
and Pleecan camps, where tue disease prevailed two
years ago. At that time they were forbidden to be
sold to traders, but several months ago they disap
peared from those neighborhoods and found their
way elsewhere.
PERILS OF THE SEA.
Tha Crew of ibe l.oat Schooner Fits E.
Ill* *a.
BOSTON, Nov. 10, 1871.
The foUowlns are the names of the crew of the
schooner Fltz E. Klggs, lost on George's Bank In the
gale of October 12:? Laban R. Ilyland, master,
leaves a widow and four children; Thomas Leary,
leaves a widow and three children; Michael Fitz
gerald, leaves a widow and four children; Alexan
der McKenzle, leaves a widow and two children;
Robert Christopher, Charles Anson, Thomas Foley,
Jonn Welsh and John Smith, alius Patrick Plynn, a!l
single. The latter belongs In Canso, N. 8.
Wreck of a Jfnra Hnitl* Schooner.
Halifax, N. S., Nov. 10, 1871.
The schooner Express, from St. John, bound to
St. Margaret's, was wrecked on Monday near Lock
port. Part of her cargo may be saved.
An Iron Stenracr Mink.
Detroit, Mich., Nov. 10, 1871.
The new Iron Bteamer India has been sunk In the
Sault St. Marie Klver. No particulars have been
received. She probably struck a rock In conse
quence of the low state of 1 he water, pumps have
been sent from here to assist In rescuing the
vessel.
A Steamer Destroyed by Fire.
Norfolk, Va., Nov. 10, 1871.
Tlie canal steamer Astoria, wuh a cargo of cotton
and naval stores, was burned and sunk at her
wharf this morning. The origin of the Ore Is un
known. The loss Is $15,000; no Insurance on the
boat.
THE STORM.
A Ercnchlng Italn and the First Snow of
the Sraann.
Yesterday was one of tne most disagreeable days
of the season. It rained Irom early morn till mid
night, when a storm of flue suow and sleet set In.
All day the clouds poured forth their torrents del
uglng streets and pathways, and stirring up
all the accumulated dirt and filth of weeks.
Those whose Impecunious situation rendered It Im
possible for them to avail themselves of any convey
ance had to plunge along amid the cold, windy
showers as best they could, and thank God for even
the shelter or a dilapidated umbrella, wnlle even
the patronlzers of the horse cars had to suffer all
the inconveniences ot crowned platforms and wet
garments slashed against them, sending premoni
tions of luture rheumatic pains and consumptive
coughs. The cold east wind penetrate*! every por
tion ot one's frame and left the lucuiesa pedestrian
In a state bordering on chronic frigidity. At mid
night the first snow of the season made
its appearance. It came down line at
lirst, and not, as usual, In the large,
sleety flakes. Visions ofiblocked up railways, long
and dreary walks, slush and mud came at ouce to
the mind of those whose misfortune it is to lat>or
and travel dav and night in this much abused me
tropolis. The first snow ol the season, as Hie Third
avenue car driver remarked, "Cod send It may be
the last."
Snow at Pouifhlteepsle.
POC<iItKEEl'8IE, N. Y., NOV. 10, 1871.
There was a light fall or snow here tlits mornluit,
the tirst of the season.
Snow hqiinll In Albany.
Al. HAN'T, N. Y., NOV. 10, 1871,
A light snow storm lias prevailed litre all (lay.
?now Storm In New Hampshire.
CONCOKP, N. n., Nov. 10, 1871.
Snow began falling liero about half-past three
P. M. and continued through tho afternoon and
evening. Nearly two inched have lallea.
A CHOLEBA SHIP BOUND FOR NEW YOHK,
A special despatch from Ilallfax on Wednesday
states that ttie German steamer Franklin, lrom Stet
tin lor New York, winch put into Halifax on Monday
short of water and coal, had 700 emigrants on board,
It was reported that she had tiie cholera among the
passengers, and the authorities instituted an inquiry
and ascertained that twenty-eight persons died on
the passage from diarrhoea. She was twenty-^even
?lays out. The apparatus for distilling water got
out cf orner, and tiie passengers were supplied witti
water hall iresii and half salt. Hence the sickness.
A number were suirering wn<?n the vessel arrived,
she sailed for her destination with a clean bill of
health.
ILLINOIS INTELLIGENCE.
General Jnfl Delivery? Chicago Grain Ware
housemen 1'rotcct Themselves Avninnt In
?iirnnec Extortion? Chicago Insurance Com.
panic* Still Sound*
Chicago, Nov. 10, 1871.
Five persons awaiting trial in the Iroquo'.s County
Jail, at WatscVa, 111., broke out and escstpcd on the
morning of the 8th Inst. A reward of $250 is offered
for their recapture.
Cnder tho influence of the hign rates of Insurance
on grain In the warehouses In this city the proprie
tors cave determined to purchase each a steam Are
engine for their own use, the whole number to be
called out In case of necessity. Kach warehouse
will have a steain pump connected with pipes radi
ating throughout the bmldlng, to be used In tne
event oi Are, thus doing aw.iy with the necessity
lor insuring the warehouses at <1 their contents.
In the eases of tne Continental and Harden City
Insurance Companies, of Chicago, in which applica
tions bad been made for the appointment or receiv
ers, Judue Williams yesterday decided not to appoint
receivers, as there are no allegations against the
companies showing bad faith on the part of their
oi1icer?.
A fire occurred at Mendofa, 111., this afternoon,
resulting in the destruction of seven buildings, in
cluding the Wavcrley House. boss, 14,0 >0. ft was
feared at one time that the whole town would burn,
as It contained no fire apparatus.
WYOMING LEGISLATURE.
Cheyenne, Nov. 10, 1871.
Governor Campbell read his message to the Legis
lature yesterday. He recommcnds retrenchment in
territorial and county affairs; the appointment of a
commissioner of emigration, and also tnat female
suffrage be not repealed. He savs women have
ma le good jniors and honest and competent ofllce
holders. He upholds the Indian policy or the ad
ministration, and shows a disposition to work with
the Legislature lor the good ol the Territory.
Both houses ol the legislature nave been occupied
In adopting rules for their governuiout.
FIEE IN SIXTH AVENUE.
At seven o'clock last evening a Are broke ont in
the rear of the first floor of the three story brick
house 273 sixth avenue. The first floor was occu
pied by Joseph Davids as a ladles' and gentle
men's furnishing store and damaged $5,oou: insured
for $4,800. The second floor was occupied
by Mrs. A. Cook, dressmaker, and damaged $700;
Insured. The basement, occupied by Gambling A
Barton, Painters, was damaged by water $100; in
sured. The building was leased l?v the latter firm
and damaged $1, boa. The building li fully covered
bj insurance.
PHILADELPHIA ITEKS.
The fttlate ef the Defaulting City Treasure*?
Ycrke* lo be Forced Into Bankruptcy.
PmtAnxLrniA, Sur. 10, 1871.
The second race between Goldsmith Maid and
Lucy, for a purse or $3,000, that had l>een fixed for
to day, is postponed on acermut of the rain.
This morning the petition of Mayor Fox was pre
sented In the court of Common Fleas, asking for an
order of sequestration or the estate of Joseph F.
Marcer. the defaulting city Treasurer. A rule was
granted requiring Manor to snow cause why it
should not Issue.
Proceeding* have been commenced In the United
States Court against Yerkes. ic tuirlng mm to show
cause win ho should no; be declared bankrupt*
THE DECAY OV ALSACE
Prospp^'cive Ruin of a Oreat In
dustrial District.
French Blundera? Jules F&vre's Short-Sighted
uesa? Thiftrs Just as Bad? How Bismarck
Hoodwinkod Both? The Rich Manu
facturing Districts of Alsace in
Danger Poor Alsacef
HTRASBOtTRI, Oct. 8, 1871.
A short tour tnrough tUe Droviuce of Alsace has
enabled me to obtain Information calculated to
throw Home light on the subject matter connected
with the controversy now pending between Franco
and Germany. It Is needless to say that the cession
of two of her most prosperous departments Inflicts on
France a pecuniary loss of the most appall inn mag
nitude. One of the most flourishing branches of in
dustry in Alsace comprised the cotton manufacto
ries. on inquiry It will be found that the loss of
capital Invested at Mulhonse, Wesserllng and the
neighborhood la variously estimated at from forty
to fifty million dollars. But that is hardly the ques
tion now at Issue. A nation, paying to the foreign
Invader a tribute or $l,ooo,ooo,ooo, can probably ar*
ford to part with an additional $100,000,000 or
$200,000,000 without seriously affecting the national
wealth. Still It would pu/.zle our" old "politicians"
who held to the maxim of "Millions for defence, not
a cent for tribute." statesmen of modern Europe
seem resolved to rocaet that system.
A BAD BLCNDBtl.
Af the time when the prelinuuaries of reaee were
arranged at Versailles no allusion was made to com.
merclal affairs. The chivalrous Ju>es Fuvre, who
loathed to give nn one stone of the French for
tresses, was too proud, too haughty to touch on
matters connected with trade. Though considered
a smart lawyer and an able debater, that man
proved a very poor negotiator. Overcome wltn his
melodramatic pathos It apparently never occurred
to him tot alee steps for the purpose of protecting
the commercial interests or the country. With a
little forethought and ordinary measures of precau
tion It would have been possible to save from ruin
and uestructlon the private property or thousands
of families. Even In their negotiations at Frank
fort-on-thc-Muln M. Juics Favre and M. Pouyer
Qncrtlcr failed to assert the claims to which the
commerce of France generally and that or Alsace
especially were entitled. The two provinces were
rretrievably lost, an! with thorn, as a matter of
course, the property appertaining to the soil, as well
as the produce of tlio Industry of the Inhabitants,
now THE PEACE NEGOTIATIONS WERE CONDUCTED.
Hut, while it was impossible to resist the rapacity
or the Prussians, there is abundant evidence to
show that but for tlie rccKless and off-hand manner
In which the French delegates conducted the peace
negotiations France would have been saved many
hardships, private property would liavo been
protected and much individual suffering could have
been alleviated. President Thiers himself was Ig
norant of what lie was doing when he traded away
Important coal and mining districts, situated on
the borders of the Duchy of Luxemburg, In ex
change for a strip of land which, it was contended,
the French engineers required to strengthen th e po
sitlon of the fortress or lleifort. The saine deplor
able ignorance has been revealed in the negotiations
now pending between the two countries. All that
can be said is that the Prussians have a far better
knowledge tliau me French themselves of the valuo
or tcrritorj and ot commerce in France.
Tit K MINISTKU OP PIMANTR
M. ronyer-Qa"riier, has started for llerlln with the
view ol smoothing down the diwcultics which have
intervened. Hut what (rood can be expected from
a man who is ho wilfully blind to att experiences
made in other couuiriesf The reduction In the
postal tariff has everywhere produced an Increased
revenue. M. Pouyer-Qucrtler is vain enough to be
lieve that he is In a position to benefit the National
Treasury by reversing the system lor the Rood of
the French people. With a mind running lu that
{roove lie is coutlnually fighting with shadows. M.
'ouver -Queuier lias evidently not sprung from an
oak, but from a willow; hence he stickles at the loss
of a few dollars, ol which the customs receipts may
be deprived if he accedes to the German demands,
while In another sense the loss to the country will
make liselt felt tentold. Oil the other hand, the
Prussians should be mindful that it is dangerous to
hurt even a bad neighbor. It would be well lor
i'rlnte Bisinarciv to see me necessity nt abstaining
from Injury or violence, and to remember that those
w l.o g >vern others by terror have cause to be them
selves Hie most terrified.
TIIE PISTXtlCT OF MfLIIOrSE
maybe designated as the Lowell of France. Prior
to tin! outbreak of hostilities there were upwards of
two million spindles in motion iu the coaou lacto
nes of that district. An odicial return gave the
following figures lu is and since that period there
have been important additions:
Spfwl'es.
Department of i'pper Rhine 1,417,290
Department of Vo.-ges... 4C4.454
Department of Lower Ulitne 160,000
Moseiie aud JltUtlW PHOjo
Total 2,131,744
This luime.ise amount ol industrial wealth was
crammed together in a small corner ol the province,
while the total nuiuoer oi spindles spread over the
whole Oerinan Fatherland barclv reaches the ilguro
of three millions. Tue cotton factories throughout
the German Zollvereln comprise 37,ooj or iis.ooO
power looms, while alone in the depart
ment of the I'pper Khlne there are up
wards of twent.v-eigut thousand live hundred.
The total of the cotton lactones in the
annexed territory Is estimated to comprise 4-,< oo
power looms, or, say, li.ooo more than possessed by
an the German states together. With such immense
additions to the sources of wealth it might i>e
thought that tue Herman government would be
found willing tn act with magnanimity towards tM
conquered. The very reverse is, however, the
case.
HAUOSniM OF THE ALSATIAN COTTON SPINNERS.
Severed, as lie now Is, from his old connections,
the AlsaUau cotton spinner or mauulacturer Is ex
posed to peculiar nardslups. 11 is produce, hliherto,
was calculated to supply the French market. Fa
vored r>y protective duties, neither cotton yarn nor
cloth was exposed to competition with labrics im
ported from lorelun countries. The outlet ol ail Al
satian produce w is nnitnlj obtained tiirough Paris.
The mainstay of ail French manufacturers lie* in mi
organized system ol centralization. As a rule, and
there are very lew exceptions, the whole pro
duction of a factory is placed into the
hands of one or several commission houses,
who undertake to supply the home ana
foreign markets, as tnc case may be.
Those famliiur with trade in Paris know that the
entire of the line da Rentier, Rue St. Fiacre and
others is almo-t exc.usively occupied by stores
tilled with Alsatian produce. The commission
houses In most cases undertook the Drlci\<lrre, as
it is termed, and guaranteed the manufacturer, on
payment of a small commission, against capital
loss, still that was hardly necessary, inasmuch as
the majority of sales arc effected against cash pay
ment or, at any rate, at short date? L e., sixty or
ninety days' approved bills. The methodical man
ner in winch business is conducted places the man
ufacturer beyond the reach ol ordinary vicissltuues
and fluctuations, lie had neither to seek nor to
nurse a customer, relying as ho did Implicitly on
the integrity and energy of the intermediary in
Paris. The manufacturer, relieved to a certain ex
tent of much anxiety and responsibility, was en
abled to husband his means aud to concentrate all
his energy on the mere manufacturing process and
to the perfection ol his produce. Furthermore, there
Is an
ADMIRABLE DIVISION OF LABOR.
Tims, for instance, n manufacturer oi cotton cloths
Is not always prepared to dye his goods, nor has the
calico printer the ambition of weaving his own
cloth. The spinner, the weaver, the dyer, the
printer aud the calenderer each are forming sepa
rate interests. Witn the specialty of a trade each
branch is lu a position of rtali/.iag a higher degree
ot economy, as well as of attaining greater perfec
tion in the production of the goods. The position of
a German uianulaeturer is diametrically opposed to
that oi the l-rcuciminu's. Spinning, weaving, dye
ing. Ac., all are manipulated under the samo roof.
There is no intermediary luie? the goods are taken
from tne manufacturers direct to the retail store.
1'01>T9 OK DIFFERENCE BETWEEN (it. 111! AN AND
OT11EII M AN U FACTO UK 118.
Germany, which up to a la;e period might appro
priately have been designated as the Disunited
Slates, has no point of centralization. Saving some
exceptlcnal cases, the manufacturer in Gcrmuny
was confined, as it were, to a local trade. This cir
cumstance accounts lor the almost, total absence of
establishments on a large scale, such as we moet In
Frame, England or America. 1 need not enter into
further detail to show that the position of the Alsa
tian manufacturer, as a Prussianised citizen, Is not
very enviable. While the separation from Parts is
complete, the chances in Germany are below zero.
There is actually no market in Germany tor AUatlan
manufacturers, or, at all events, the outlet would be
exceedingly limited, lu the first place, therefore
the Alsatian must change his machinery, the spinner
must turn to coarser numbers, snd, above all ho
must transfer his banking accouut from Paris to
some point in Germany. This all accomplished he
may set about and hunt for customers.
A BAD FIX.
Under ills former relations lie enjoyed credit and
possessed the confidence of irien is ami customers
With the change he has lost all. Imagine a man
who toiled during the best years of his life, biult up
a trade and A connection, to be cast anrtft and forci
bly annexed Id a foreign countrj with which he has
nothing in conun>>n. Moreover, politically and
socially, he wa? free as a bird In the air under
i1 tench rule, while A\prcsem he m tut kuu^Jtle down
nnrter mlllTary despotism. The lntter Is rendered
tne more irksome its the Prussians aro totally un
able to hold the country unless they rule with ail
Iron hand. That circumstance, ol course, tends
turthcr to diminish the chancea ol prosperity m the
manufacturing districts.
WHAT IIKJIIT HAVE BEEN DONE.
There is good reason to believe I hat the unfortu
nate conditions under which the Alsatian industry
has been plowed might, if not entirely avoided, have
been greatly ameliorated If due fUilance had been
exercised in the beginning w hen the preliminaries
ol peace Wore discussed. One thing is quite certain,
that there was a dread of being brought into com
petition with the Alsatian spinner, and exceptional
advantages would have been granted most willingly.
1 have this assurance on the lughest authority, 'j lie
feeling in Berlin, as it existed in the beginning of
tin- year, may be summed up In the following:?
While severed territory from France there Is
no necessity of severing the Alsatian manufacturer
from his commercial relations with that country,
and, although Alsace must em. rge into the customs
Union, a duty devolves on Germany to preserve as
far as possible the outlet which the manufacturer
hitherto possessed in France for Ills produce."
There are
OTHER BRANCHES OF INDUSTRY IN ALSACH,
which, lite the cotton interest, will never recupe
rate, or, at all events, drag on a sickly existence.
The Strasbourg beer, for instance, is not wanted in
Germany, and Paris can hardly do without It. Hall
road Iron was ao far produced in sufficient quantities
as to supply the actual wants. The loss of rolling
mills will in future necessitate a large importation.
These are only a lew items of the many which
strikingly indicate tlio prospective ruin of a great
industrial district.
FOREIGN TOPICS.
Germany Wiihlm to Conciliate Franc*.
L'nacr date of October 20 the Ukkald's Frankfort
correspondent writes:?
This country presents now a great contrast to
France. We long lor peace, and the government
doe* everything in its power to couciilaty the
French. The recent convention was scarcely signed,
wnen troops coming Horn France passed this town,
and there is no doubt that great facilities will be
given lor the payment of the remainder 01 the con
tribution. Trade and commerce are flourishing to
an extent not known hitherto, and everybody de
sires the continuation of so prosperous a state, in
France it is equally tne reverse. Wltii the only ex
ception or the truly republican party all tne others
long for a war of revenge, and particularly in tne
large towns there is the same nonsensical brag as
iieiore the war. It is apity that the delusions
of an ignorant mob and or an equally 'gnoraut
crow d of literary men, shopkeepers and coilee houso
politicians should threaten the country witu new
disasters, by exciting to a war, with tenfold odds
against them. Commercial relations having been
resumed, a great many of the people have lately
come here irom the south ol France, the part of the
country w hich had the largest business with the
people here, and they ail report that the southern
French, having seen nothing of war, are anxious
lor a new one, and speak as or a certain lact 01 the
revenge they are about to take. At l'aris the feel
ing has much improved, which is mainly to be at
tributed to the exertions of tne radical municipality,
which had the manly spirit to speak out their mind
and to tell the people mat they aro the principal
losers by driving lorelgners Irom Paris.
The Morocco Slnve Trade.
A resident of Tangier, in Morocco, writes that
African children are dragged along t.ie streets there
by a Moorish auctioneer, and that the vile trafllc In
Human being* goes on every market day in connec
tion with the sale of cattle aud agricultural produce,
lie says:?
The same man may be seen and heard at one time
voclleruiu the last bid lor a wretched mule wltteli lie
bestrides and goads along die narrow, crowded aud
llliliy streets, and at another, as l saw this Sunday
morning, dragging a bewildered little boy by the
band, lollowed by an eider sister too frightened to
look up; w luie ou a third occasion no appeared witii
au old woman ineekiy following him. whose days of
rest should liave approached to relieve her weary
Hums, but who was defined by the crueliy 01 uiau
to drag Herself along at the will of her leader, who
was endeavoring In vain to realize the reserve price
placed upon this exhausted specimen of suileiiug
hum unity. While England has sacrificed her treasure
and Hie health of her sailors 011 tne pestilential coasts
or Alnca, wan the object In Mew of putting a stop to
Uie shipment of slaves, no ctfort lias been made by
her representative in Morocco to prevent tne trade
setting in towards that country from the interior.
While Christians in America have been debarred
this iiihumau traffic with Africa, even when requlr
lng labor for the subjugation of the wilderness, no
voice has been raised or effort made to prevent the
Mohammedans in Morocco from Indulging, as exten
sively as suits tiiem, in the purchase of slaves, it
may well be doubted whether the prevention of
slaves leaving the shores ol Africa has had any
other effect than that of driving them tutj the bauds
of the semi-clvillzed Moiiatnme laus. Thus, while
Christians have been sacrlUcing life and property to
wipe oui tne stain of slavery, the followers of Mo
hammed. who occupy so large a iroutage ot the Afri
can Comment, have beeu suently aud unobservediv
absorbing the heart's iilood of the luterlor, and
using it lor the gratlUcatlou of their ludoieut aud
sensuous natures.
THE QEOBGIA GOVERNORSHIP.
ATLANTA, GO., NOV. 10, 1871.
The lloiiso to-<lay passed a t>lll providing for hold
ing n special election for Governor on the second
Tuesday of December. The section providing for
special returns of the election, other than according
to the present law, was stricneii out. The demo
crats contended that the iu:egrity 01 the republican
act ng executive oUlcer, Mr. Corny, should do
trusted.
SHIPPING NEWS.
Aluiina ior New Vori -l'.i i Ony.
Sun riees G 42
Sun so Is 4 46
Moon rises morn 5 08
High water... eve 7 24
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DATES OF DEPARTURE FROM NEW YORK FOR TUB
MONTHS OF NOVEMBER AND DECEMBER.
Stramrr. ixxi'.i Ottlinalio i. O'Bci
Aliautlc Nov 11... J Liverpool 19 llroaawuy.
City ol Faro Nov ll... Llverpoo 'lit Broadway.
Australia INov 11. (Glasgow. 7 Bowling Green
Ma, u Nor 11, Bremen. us Broad n.
Wyoming
Cltv of New Y'rk
Bremen
Europa
City of Wash'tcn
Washington
Minnesota
City of Baitlm're
City of Brussels
Ismallla
lilabo
Vlilc ile l'aris...
Nov 15
Nov 10.
Nov H5.
Nov 18.
Nov 18.
Nov 18.
Nov 21.
Nov il.
Nov 23.
Nov 28.
Nov 29.
LHwhm Broadway,
Liverpool 116 Broadway,
Inan tin Broad Bt.
Glasgow 1 7 Bowlini? Green
Liverpool...... 1 llroalway.
Havre |f>K H road way,
Liverpool iJW Broadway.
Liverpool I ll> Broadway.
Liverpool 15 Bro;ul wa,
Giaszow 7 Bowlinit Creen
Liverpool Broadway.
Lee 2.. Havre |ii ilroauway.
PORT OF NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 10, 13 J 1.
CLEARER.
".tamshlp Zodiac, Chaptn, Newbern? Murray Ferris A
Co.
Park Rosa B iltall, Balavetela, Cork or Fnlmoutb Sloco
rich A Co.
Bark Merenrliii (Nor). Ludvigsen, Galway? Wendt, Tc'.ens
A 1 ockmann.
Bark A ilea (Br), Snowden, Havre? Wendt, Tetens A
Bockmann.
B rk .1 R Ilea (Br), Graham, Rordeau*? H J DoWolf A Co.
Hi Ig Arnold (NG), Leujier, Santander lor or lers II Koop.
Brig T A Dnrrell i Br i, Locke, Montevideo.
Bug Beusliaw, Sylvester, St Martha and Savanllla? D De
Castro.
Brg Rush, Meklns, Point a IVtre? SpolTor.l Bros.
Brig Humming Bird liir;, Stephens, Windsor. MS? Cran
dail, Berteaux .t- Co.
Schr Daylight, McFadden, Barbados B J Wenherg.
SchrSaml h Fabens, Crocker, Fort Antonio? B J Wen
berg.
Schr Mathilda Brooks, Jones, Charleston? Evans, Ball A
Co.
schr Iris (Br), Brlckan. Newark? P I Neylns A Hon.
Sclir Jams* Truman, Ulbbs, Franklin? Topper A Beattie.
Schr Lizzie, Leighion, Boston? O Boardman.
Schr itay State. Seabury, Boston? 8 W Lewis A Co.
Sloop Report, Start, Norwich? U W Jacksou Co.
Steamer Mayflower, Fu ll, 1'hlladelplila.h
Steamer Tacony, Nicuois, Philadelphia.
ARRIVALS.
REPORTID BT THE HERALD 8TEAM YACIIT.i
Steamship City of Bristol (Br), Philips, Liverpool Oct 24,
via gm enstown, with mdsc and passengers, to John O Dale.
Experienced stronc westerly Kales throughout the passage.
steam?hip tVashiiiirtoii (Fn, Ronssan, Havre via Brest,
Oct 28, with mdse and 147 passengers, to <>eorge Mackenzie.
Had strong westerly gales most of the passage.
Steamship Wraer Nu), Wenke, Bremen Oct 28, Tta South
ampton 31st. with mrtse and passengers to Oelrichi A Co.
Steamship Bremen (NO;, Ludcwiss, Bremen Oct 'A and
Southampton 28th, with mdsu and 614 passengers, to Oelricbs
A co.
Steamship Wilmington, Cole, Galveston, via Key West
Nov 5, with mdsc and nassencers, to C II Mallorv Co. 4th
Inst, lat U 3?. Ion 85 2d, passed steamship Clyde, hence for
Galveston.
I, Steamship Western Metropolis, Gasternen, New Orleans,
with mdse and passengers, to O II Mallory A Co.
steamship Leo, Dearborn, Savannah, Nov 7, witn muse
and pasengers. to^Murrav, l-erris.v Co.
Steamship James Adger. Lockwood, Charleston, with mdse
and passengers, to H R Morgan A Co.
Steamship Wjranoke, Bourne, Norfolk, with mdse and pas
senners, to Old Dominion Steamship Co.
Bark K B Lohe N Ilaesloop, Fort Elizabeth, CflH, 74
days, with wool to Patterson A Sons vessel to Oelrichs A C0.
Passed Cape of Good Hope Ang '26, and crossed the equator
Oct f>, In Ion H3; had line weather.
Bark l'actotiis (Br, new. Mtttonsl, Dalrymple, Noel. NS, 13
davs, In ballast, to J K Whitney A Co.
Brig Znvalla Williams, Vcsey, A'tuln 20 days, with logwood
to Morrison A Bartow- vessel to 11 W Loud A Co. Had
strong northerly winds and split sails; been 8 days north of
Hatteras.
Brig Morning Light. Dill, Mayagtiez, 14 dars, with su|ar
and molasses to L W A P Armstrong. Had fine weather up
to Hatteras from thence 6 days with Nl! winds.
Brig M McFarlane (Br). Half, Glace Bay, CB, IB days, with
coal U> neo H Brewer vessel to |J F Wbltaey A Co. Had
?trong N W gales the whole passate.
Hnlir Sybil Br), Fleming, Areclbo, PR. 17 days, via Dela
ware Breakwater, with sugar, Ac, to H U Swift A Co, vessel
to J as W Elweil A Co.
Passed Tin ough Hell Gate,
BOUND SOUTH.
Steamship Neptune, Baker. Boston for New York, with
mdse and passengers, to H F Pimock.
Bark Adelaide, Granger, B iston tor New York.
Schr J N Sevmour. Ilart, New Haven ror New York.
Schr David I'earsall, Backett, Greenwich for New York,
with stone to otder.
Bchr Man, Mead, Greenwich for New Vork, with stone to
order. _
bchr ?wort Robert*, Bridgeport fgf Mew Yorks
Schr JoMplilM, Baylla, Bridgeport for FII*abethport.
hour G'iVi T?m 1/otiay, Parker, Bridgeport for New York.
Kcbr Jacob Lorill*rd, Blakeley, Bridgeport for Ellxabetn
port.
Bohr Cirelw, Hulse, Port Jefferson for New York.
Rchr Miaquas, lira tier, Providence for New York.
Schr Asher 8 Parker, Carpenter. Glen Co\e for New York.
8chr Burmab, Churchill, Windsor. NS, for New \ork.
Hchr Margar>it%, Warner, (ilen Cove for New York.
Schr J W I reeinan, Chase, Providence lor New \ork.
Schr Murlon, Smith, Portland fi>New York.
Schr John Maulove, Providence for New York.
Be Ur Pell 8 0 Vought, Hallock, Providence for New York.
Bchr Swan, Fowler, Nortbporl for Flushing.
Bclir Mary Elisabeth. Borden, Fall River for New York.
Schr Pbebe Elizabeth, Crosby, New Lon Ion for New York.
Schr Sarah Ke.sty, Hangor, New Haven for New York.
Bchr Mary Patten. Boy n ion, 1'rovlat-nce for New York.
Bchr Laura Robinson, Uobiunou, Providence for New
York.
Schr Thos H Seymour, Burner, Providence for New York.
Bchr Iillen Perkins, Kelly, l'rovldenoe lor New York.
Bchr Mnrla L Davis, Davis, Providence for New York.
Schr Union Flag, Maloney, Portland for New York, with
stone to order.
fcJfJW T^odim, Tbomaa, New Haven for New York.
Bchr Chief, Phillip*, Norwich for New v'orlt.
gchr Hay*. Snow. Greenwich for New York.
tcnr D E Kelly, Keilv, Providence for New York.
Schr K F Meany, Stewart, Portland lor New Yolk, with
?lone to order.
fc'chr F Merwln, Bunce, Providence for New York.
Schr SauKAiuck, Allen, Brookhav^n for New York.
gchr Edward P Brackell, Orient for New York.
Schr Carrie Bell, Ransom, Boston tor New York.
Bclir Mary, Hortoa, Bangor for New York.
Bchr James Martin, Baker, Providence for New York.
?cPr 5, h bellman, Palmer, Portland for New York.
Bclir Nlantlc, Wilson, Taunton for New York.
Bcur J I H Yoiini, Pratt, Providence for Ellzabethnort.
Bchr Silas Bramard, Buell, Portland for New York, with
stone to order.
Scl!r Cr*wford, Young, Oreenport for New York.
Bclir H P Ely, Stokes, Providence for New York.
B.shr Josephine, Caswell, Narragausett for New York.
Jchr Connecticut, Stewart, Providence tor New York.
Bebr E Pharo, Bpear, Providence for Ellzabeihpojt.
Bchr Ilattie h, Sampson, Blake, Windsor, NS, for Philadel
phia.
Schr Lucy Jane, Jones, Roekland for New York, with Uma
to order.
Bchr W H Mitchell, Cole, Shulee, NB, for New York, with
spars to order.
Bchr Kioka, Jones, Jonesboro for New York.
Schr 8urah Jane Uurney, Uurney, Providence for Elizabeth
port.
Schr E M Pennell, Pennell, Machlas for New York, with
lumber to order.
Steamer Metis, Davis, Providence for New York, with
mdse and passengers.
Steamer Panther, Mills, Boston for Philadelphia.
Steamship El Cid, Smith, Norwich for New York.
BOUND EiSr.
Schr Evergreen, Tufts, New York for St John.
Bchr Fleiperus, Conarv, New York for Boston.
Schr Adella, Young, New York lor St John, NB.
Schr s J Smith, Baldwin. New York for Hartford.
Kchr A I Kowland, Rowland, Georgetown, DC, for New
Haven.
Schr Ida A Jayne, Jayne, Georgetown, DO, for New Lon
don.
Bchr Condova, Rteedman, Philadelphia for Bristol, RI.
Schr It A Edward*. Edwards. Alexandria for Harttord.
Schr J H Wulnwrigbt, Abrauis, Philadelphia for Provi
dence.
Schr Decatur Oakes, Berry, Philadelphia for Somerset.
Bchr Cobusiet, Bennett, Philadelphia lor New Bedford.
W lnd at sunset N, fresh.
Marino Dimuter*.
8nir Hannah Morbis, Morris, from New York for Lon
donderry, which was reported by cable as 'likely to prove a
total wreck," In now stated to have put back to Torv Island
8d Inst, dismasted. [A cable despatch dated Londonderry,
f tli Hated that the liaunali Morris hud arrived kt Lough
Foyle leaking.)
Brio Frontiejr, from Savannah for Providence, with
lumber, went on the rock* at Beaver Tall morning of llith,
and remained till same afternoon, when she was got off and
towed up to 1'iovioence by a tugboat and gruunde 4 on the
llats. She was kept alloat by steam pumps while going up
tne river.
Brio P M Tinker, at Vineyard Haven, saw on the 8th
Inst, 40 miles SW from Nouian's Laud, the topmasts, sup
ported of a sunken vessel.
Hour M arietta Steelman, at Mobile Bth Inst from Phila
delphia, reports that Frank Kelly, colored, of Long Iblund,
was lost overboard 20th ult. In a gale oil Cape llatteras.
SriiR Edith B Eveuman, Corson, at Charleston 7th inst
from Wtlmln/ion, Del, reports 6th Inst, about <10 miles east
of Cajie Komaln, fell In with what appeared to be a sub
merged wreck, with the poop above water ana spars along
side; looked like sbo might liavo been a herm brig.
Sohr A H Howe, Newbury, which arrived at Providence
8th inst from Philadelphia, strung a bad leak at seal her
crew being nearly exhausted from constant pummni:. She
obtained six men at Beaver Tail to assist at the pumps. She
was taken in tow by the ttsamtua William Cramp, and
placail alongside the Worcester Railroad wharf, where *ho
has discharged her cargo of coal.
Can At. Tim Vermont was capsized Bth Inst in the North
River, opposite nlsr 18. from the wash of Sound steamer
Narraganaett, which wa? passing at the time. The eolored
cook was lost overboard and drowned,
Misce 1 1 u neon
Captain Jaa Cole, of the steamship Wilmington, from Gal
veston, has our thank* for favors.
Purser C C Wildman, of the steamship Leo, from Sa
vannah, has our thanks for favors.
SOHRP siei. Weiibtrr, of New Bedford, 86 tons, ha*
been sold by Capt Ben.) Baker to Wm U Brackett, of Ban
gor, for 81. DO.
Charles Dlbbell, mate of sloop Gleam, of and from Clinton,
Ct, lor Newport, when off Watch Hill AM 8th Inst, was se
verely Injured in the bead by the jioin? of the main boom. It
is leared his injuries may prove iat.il.
Launobed? At Elm Park Railway, Ststen Inland, a few
days HKO, by Wm H Llsseuden, a fine schooner of about 1H0
tons measurement, built of seasoned white oak. She Is owned
by (iairett P Wright, C C Jones, Barnet Jonej, John T Crit
tenden (who will command her) and Paul Van Name, all of
West Port Richmond, Statun Island.
Wlialemen.
Arrived at New London 9th inst, bark Concordia, from
Cumberland Inlet, with 2IKI0 bbls wh oil and il.l.OOO lbs bone
Metsrs Charles Brewer A Co, ol Boston, have received a
despatch station that tbo ship Daniel Webster, ('apt Marvin,
Of New Bedlord, at Honolulu, one of the ships saved from
the Arctic llect, u to return home, taking on freight the oil
liom the other vessels which have arrived at Honolulu? 22S5
bbls wli and 140 do sp oil, besides her own <>?trb. Therefore
ship Coylou, of Brewer s line, ?t Honolu u, which was to load
for New Bedford with the cMchlngs of the A roilc fleet, will
proceed to Manila, in I the Iofanl, of the same line, at Hono
lulu, will remain there until spring, and then load what oil la
landed there. The dehtluatlon of the same line, to leave
Boston in a lew davs lor Honolulu, has not been decided
upon from I i>e latter port, the lulani taking her place to re
turn to New Bedford,
Spoken.
Bark Sarah R Cann Br), from New York for Antwerp, Nor
9, lat 41, Ion fifi 30 (by pilot boat hope. No 1
Bark Bri Report, Morgan, from Philadelphia for Galves
ton, Nov 1, f.5 miles E of Galveeton (at anchor, not havlns
bad au obscrra ion for four days'.
Forftltm PorfB.
Ajiov .Rent 9? In port ship Star of China Br\ Angus, for
New York, Idg. to sail in a few days; bark Chlnir-too Br)
Douglass, for do.
A njier, Sept ^-Arrived, ship John Tcmpcrley (Br), from
Manila for Boston.
Aquin, Oct 20? In port brij Louisa (Br), Bulford, for New
York In 15 days.
Sine air; Astronomer (Br), Kd^ar; Dunham Br), Kerr, and
Oeo H Wnircn (Br), Woolbun, for New York Sarah Hl){
nelt, Burweil. and Wlnsed Hunter, Small, fur Boston; Jean
lnitelow, Jacobs, for Havre.
Proceeding down the river Oct 4, ships Kciloek (Bri, Bevsn,
for New York Iref hope (Br>, Itamsey, for Boston; Cleopa
tro, I)oane, for llombav.
Sflled from Saugor Sept 26. ship* Alice Vennard, Hum
phrey, Dundee Oct 1, Juliet (Br). Duquld, New York.
C.uti'ENAU, Nov 2 Sailed, brig Robin (Br), Doug'.i
V.... V
bark Calcutta (ltal)," Garguello (from New York), Genoa;
21st, Mark LudwU Heyn (NO\ Scliinorilug (from Alexan
dria. E), New York.
Honu Kono, Sept 14 -In port ships Rumatra, Mullen, for
Pan Francisco (since reported put back leaky J03 cijrk,
Carver, for do; Shirley, Wtllcomb, and Florelli, Peabo ly,
unc; Jennie Kastinan, Gctche.l, for Maulineln; barks Fciua
Hani, Lanrldsen, for W hampoa, lo load lor Ne v York Roct
K;e!clier (br). Brown, and St Paul) Fr>. Droscher, for dodo;
Atidax, Rober(son; Julia Ann, Bal.er. and Mary Belle Rob
ert-.. Bpearwater, unc.
Havana, Nov 2 Railed, bark Trlano (Sn), tTrgulnno, New
Yorlt; 3d, brig R B Gove. Ilarknesa, north of Uutteras; scbr
W H M?ele. Buck. New Orleitis.
A' rived st do 8th, steamship Morro Castle, Porter, New
York via Nssjrii.
In port 4th, barks John Onmn. Westberit, for New York,
ld? Alexandi Ina (Itr), M'tchell, for Boston; Augustine
Kobbe, l)uw T K Wel len, Colson Norwe;lan (Br), Murray,
and Morion;; Star (Br), Outhouse, unc; brigs Lorn; Reach.
Blilr; Fl.irer.ee Br), LeHlanc; Springbok (Br), MiiUtrmn,
and Collega fNor), Koch, lor New York, Idg; Clara M Good
rich, McOart, for Bo-U>n, do American I'nlon, Collins, and
F I* Spl, Inleslas.for Philadelphia, do; Clara J Adams, Mc
Fadden: Merriwa, Waterhous"; John Pi. -res, Townsend;
Nellie Clifford, LlttleiieUI, ami J Polleilo (Br). Over, unc;
ichrs Linda, Newton; Frank Atwood. ('urtls; Helen Hast
ings Br), Aubrev, and United States, Bennett, unc.
Iloilo, Sept 9? In port ship St Albans (Br), Pike, for Bos
ton.
Liverpool, Nov 10? Arrived, ships Glad Tidings, Thomp
son, and Merom, Lowell, New York; llrl'.isb Commodore,
Qnine, do; bark Prairie Bird, Baker, Galveston.
Lmndonherrv, Nov 10- Arrivel, steamship Sweden (Br),
Quebec for Liverpool (and proceeded).
,M anii.a. Sept 11? In port ships Nestor (Fr), Plchaud; Asa
Eldrldge, Baker; Clytie(Hr), Toogoed, and Seallower (Br),
Thomas, for New York (two latter since reported aban
doned); Galatea, Gardner, for Boston; Highlander, Foster,
unc; Bunker Hill, Oavts, for Cobu and Boston; Horatio.
Ilardv, unc; Belvldere, Crowell, do; Mo^ul (Br), for San
Francisco since n^i'orted at Hong Kong in distress) bark
Lochnngar (Br), for Boston.
.Mflikidrne, Sept 6? Sailed. Agra. M'ller, Sydney, NSW.
Monrovia. Oct 9? In port bark Wayfarer (Br), Rogers,
from Sierra Leone.
Singapore. Sept 14? Sailed, bar* Clara, Nickels, Ratavla.
In port Sept 23, barns Mary Nelson (Br), Desbon. and
Adobih NG>, Meyer, for New York, Idg; Escort, Nichols,
and W A Farnswortli (Br), Howes, for Boston, do.
Qrr.ENBTOWN, Nov 10? Arrived, steamship China, Macau
lav, New York for Liverpool land proceeded
Southampton, Nov 10? Arrived, steamship Tasmania
(Br), Asplnwall via St Thomas.
St Jaoo, Oct 28? Sailed, bark Morning Star (Br), Waugh,
New York.
St Andrews, Wl.jOct 16-In port schr Gen Putnam, for
New York In 14 days.
Sydney, OH, Nov 10? Sailed, brigs Napier, and Alfaratta,
New York Ben Nevis, Boston.
Wu amvoa, Sept 18 In port ships A L Banfleld (Br), Sher
rls, and Glance (Br), Lusby, for New York, lilg.
Amdrlriin Port*.
BOSTON, Nov 9? Arrived, bark Esther, Lorlnir, Gotten
burg.
("leared? Ship Alexander McNeil, Ke'leran, New Orleans;
bark I'hrenlx I Hr), MeKenrle, ,'<t Marvs, (la, to load for Bun
Sailed Steamer .Nereus barks M B Bietson, L T Stocker,
and Llizle brigs Ellen Bernard, and Navasola.
loth Arrived, steamships Tripoli (Br>, from Liverpool;
Nyania, do; Wm v.'ran*. Bsltlmore S.non. Phlladelpnia
Nereus, New York bark Isabel, Turks Island; brig Aristo,
Surinam.
BALTIMORE, Nov 9 -Arrived, ship Ilansa (NO), Meyer,
Liverpool s<hrs R Thomas, Crockett, Fall River; Quick
step, ir ?h. New York Isabel Alberto, looker, do Wm TIce,
Tire, Salem.
Cleared Steamship Wm Lawrence, hallett, Boston bark
Maggie M (Br), Mltcuell, Aspinwall.
Sailed Htb, bark Grecian, for Queenstown; 9th, brig Ath
lete (Br), for I'rlnce bdwsrd Island.
BANGi?R. Nov d-Ciearrd, brig H P Smith, Dodjte, New
York schr Potomac, Carver, do.
BaTII, Nov 6? Sailed, schrs Active, Philadelphia; Susan
Sears, Baltimore.
BELFAST, Nov 8? Sailed, schr Mary, Gilchrist, Charles
ton.
BRIDOEPORT, Nov 10-Arrlved, schre Urhana, Allen,
Siiuften Duvvll Mmne Klnne, Parsons, Georgetown, DC
White Rock, Lafferly EH/.a, Ball UtadeiP, Lowten, and Joi
E Potts, Ellrabethport Niagara, Worden. lloboken.
Cleared?Brig coroneiia (Br). Mcculloch, Walton, Not
?n) u Hove (Br), UU1, d?
Railed Bchr Mary Lvmimrner, New York; Eseart, Rafrord,
do.
CHARLEBtON, Nov 8? Arrived, schr Dandy (Br), B^Uard*
Elenthera.
Cleared Ship Reunion, CuriU, Liverpool; bark DraupneK
fNor), Ingoidsen, do.
lnth? Arrived, steamship CUarleitoo, Berrr, NswYork;
schr lion rile, Nassau.
C A LA 1 S, Oct 3u Arrived, schrs John Boynton, Michel],
New York Nov 1, I .V H Crowley, do.
Vf&S^JrP* '"t hr'? Anna 1J T"rrey. Haskell, Philadelphia*
EAST MACllIAS, Nov 6 Salle J, schr Nepiuue, Robinson.
New York. i
FALLRIYER, Nov 8? Arrived, echr John Sbay, Hatha*
way, Philadelphia.
GALVESTON, Nov 8? Arrived, schrs Nellie Crowell, Cro>
well, .New ork J M Taylor, i-'arilner, Pensacola.
<;irared--Hark Saliine, lirp.ilicr, Liverpool; brig Vier Gef?
brooder Dutch i, Klyn, A msierdam.
9th? Sailed, steamship City of Houston, Pennington, New
Yorlc via Key Vt eat.
GEORGETOWN, 8C, Nov I? Arrived, icbre Starlight, Rotv
Idhou, Boston: 2d, hlvira, Hanaroft, New York; 8i I, steamer
Lizzie Baker. Wh,*e, do for Savannah (pot In for fuel and
sailed tame day); 5th, schr C B We ib, Day, Charleston
Cleared Bill, schr Palma, Grumlev, New York.
KEY WEST, Oct Arrived, schrs Sara'i Hall, Cole, Hae
vana 27th, Naonta, Smith, New York (iind clearej 30th for
Pensao la) 30th, steamer Ella May, Campbell, do list, bark
La Ven-rolaua (Fr), Monet, Santa Anna; schrs M N Lluil
sey. 'I'resca, Havana; Nov 2. Goddess. New York.
Clears I Nov 1, 'chrs M N Llndsey, Tresca, Manatee; Hoes
net, Albnrv, Nassau.
V. LYSN, Nov 8 -Arrived, ?chr A H Bel den, Mayo. New York.'
MACH1AS, Nov 3? Salle 1, schr I'resto, Drew, New York.
NKW OKLKANS, Nov 9- -Sailed, steamship CW Lord,
Rogers, New York.
NORFOLK, Nov 8 -Arrived, schre Wallace, Gardner, and
A M C Smith, Harris, New Yori.
Cleared? Urig H Houston, Tupper, Barbados.
NKWBl RYPORT, Nov 8? Arrived, schr Hiawatha, Lee.
Philadelphia.
NKW BEDFORD, Nov 8? Arrived, schr War Steed, Pbin
ney, Ellaobethport. T
6th? Sailed, sobrs Saml O Hart, Kellv, and Henry A Tabei%
Bowinnn. Philadelphia; Julia Ann, Well*; Nathaniel Chase*
Joy Splendid. Pninney; Flight, Chase; Jamee H Deputy.
Slnrgis; Ann T Hippie, Bacon: Charger, White E T Smllbfi
Baker, and J B Norris, Claghorn, New York.
NEWPORT, Nov 7, PM? Arrived, schrs Cyrus Chamber*
lain, Adams, Albany; Nlantic, Pandieton, Taunton for Neir
York; Julia Baker, Baker, New Bedford for do Ellen Per*
kins. Kellev; Richard Law, F.ldred, and Oregon, PlnkbamJ
Providence for do J J Harris, Nichols, do for do Favorite.
Clark, do for Greenport
9tb, 8 AM? Arrived, schr Tboe P Cooper, Sleeper, Porf
Johnson.
Sailed? Bchr lona. Haskell, New York for Bangor),
NORWICH, Nov 8? Arrived, schr James Alderdice, AlletW
Philadelphia,
NEW LONDON, Nov 8 -Arrived, schrs Clarissa Allen*
llotchkias, Providence for New lork; Madagascar, Wall*
Bangor for do.
PENSACOLA, Nov 8? Arrived, schre Nettle, Johnson, Netg
York Vernal. Ronton, Galveston. 1
Sailed? Bark American Eagle (Br). Harding, Port Glaaq
gow.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov 9-Arrlved, brig Timothy Fleldj
Leianit, St John, NB schrs Clara Jane, MeAIIep, Hlllsborof
C II Kelly, Collins, Windsor, NM; Addle Kyersou, Pike
Kempt, NS; C L Herrlck, Baldwin. Bangor; Ann hlizabeth
Kelly, Harwich; Thos Borden, Allen, and M V Cook, Kalkeu.
burg. Fall River; C E Jackson, Kabcock; L A Danenhowor
Gruee J B Clayton, Chapman; S A Hoffman. Hoffman; A T
Dow, Young, aiid Jennie Mlddieton, Whltaknr, Boston; Ja
Ponder, Hudson, Allyn's Point; A Woolley, Kins. Giouces
ter R Seaman, Seaman, Providence Isaac Rich, McGathlio
Newburrport.
Cleared Ship Athenals (Br), Baker. Antwerp; brig Harry
Virden, Collins, Genoa; schn C B Wood, Gandy, Chelsea J
Samne, Castner, Lake; Susan Stetson, Yates; M E Staplesj
Iunsmore; Salle B, Bateman, and A Luow, Young, Boston]
T 1) Wilder, Klnnev J Ponder, Hudson, and J E Pratt, Nick]
erson, Salem J J Little, Bneman, Plymouth I) Oakesj
Merry, Somerset Raven's Wins, York, Stonlngton Minnie J
Errlckson, Mj-Btlo; C DuvHson, Smith, New Haven. p
Lkivkh, Del, Nov 9. AM? In harbor, brie Prairie Roam
from Turks Islands for Philadelphia, and 5 schrs. A bark la
coming In.
8 PM -The Spanish steamer Jose, tor Liverpool, went ta
sea at 11 AM.
tPROVlDENCE, Nov 9? Arrived, fphrs Saml Wood, Wood*
Ba tiinore; Curtis Tilton, Thompson, Philadelphia; 0 8 Van
dervoort, Kellev, do L 8 Karnes, Coleman, Albany; Onla4
rlo, Barber; Casco Lodge, Pierce North Pacific. Eaton, and
Damon, Johnson, Kli/.abethpor Anthony Burton, Johusonj
do for Pawtucket Chas A Grulrier, Harvey, J ohu Warren?
McOur, and Wm F Burden, Adams, Port Johnson; Mar/
Shields, Waite, and J S Terry, Raynor, do for Pawtucketi
Fashion, Youne, Rondout; A G Lawson, Fluimtnck, CroJ
ton; Sarah Elizabetn. Kelley, Moboken; Albert Pliaro. Blnjy
bam, do; Wm Kmren, Llnanley I'cacedale, Baker, and T JT
Owen, Selilck. New York.
Cleared Scbrs Webster Barnard, Smith, and Mary Angiuty
ta Holt, Jacksonville.
Snlled? Kclus Hersehel. Chambers, Baltimore; C W May,
Vttlsor, l'hilvlelphla; Wm H Tiers, Gilford, do; Stormji
Sta, il>, Trenton T P Aboil, Fowler; J G Huntington, Fisher j
Abigail Havnes, Smith; David A Berry, Watevs; Magglfl
Bell, lla'l Citizen, Upton Kate Scranton, Palmer; Mary A
Pre liuore. Hart Iris, Grillin, and Mlnquas, Heany, New
YorK. J
RICHMOND, Nov 8? Arrived, schrs Horatio Nlchole, D?W
pew, Albany; Hardscrabbie, Fales, Rockland,
ROCKLAND, Nov 3? Arrived, schrs Elizabeth. Ilodgdon^
New York 4th, Justina, liennlslon, do; 6th, W C H*il, Tol?
man, <lo;RS Hodgdon, do 7th, G W Kimball Jr, Hall, and
Ren?. l'.lshop, do. _ _
Sailed Oct 24, sohrs James Henry, Trneworthy, New York)
Nov H, M Bell, Hall; Adrian, Hunt; Lut^rJane, itlioades, and
Delaware, Snow, do; 4th, brig E ilall, Oliver, Fayal scbrs P
BucUIin, Bticklin, New Orleans; 7th, R Leach, Pendletons
New York; L Fish, Willey, Philadelphia; Dellance, Hall, and
W C Hall, Tolman. New York.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov S? .-ailed, brig Enrique (NG), Ho^
eSAVANNAH, Nov J? Arrived, bark Norn (Br), Logon*
Plctou, N8.
6th Arnvrd. schr Water Witch, Valentine, Spanish Wellfc
Cleared? Schr Eugene Boida, Dukes (from New York)*'
Jacksonville. _ _
lUth? Arrived, snips Brookville, Boston: Virginia, Llvew
pool baik Antllia, Matanzas. Below, one brig.
C'eureil? Steainehlp Oriental, Boston; bark The Queen*
Liverpool schr Marian Gage, Philadelphia.
SALEM, Nov 7? Walled, brig Adeline, Richardson (frotdl
Maohlas), West Indies.
WILMINGTON, NC, Nov 8? Arrlv?d, brigs Ocean Belli
Dizer, Altavela, Cousins, New London schrs Mary
Holt, lllsgins, Boston; Gettysburg, Corson, New Yorls.
3
ansCKI-i.ANEOUgj.
A? THE CAUSE AND CURE OF COW SUM PTION.-j
The prlmaiy cause of Consumption is derangement oj
the digestive organs. Thii derangement produces deficient
nutrition and assimilatlm. lly assimilation I mean thai
process by which the nutrlmei.t ol the food in contorted InK
iilood, and thence Into the solids of ttan body, rersonj will
dilation thus Impaired, having the slightest predHposlttoi
to pulmonary disease, or If they take cold, will bo verj
ha le to have Consumption ot the Lungs in ?imt ol
Iti tortus; and I hold tb?t tl will be Impossible tc
cure any caie of Consumption without first restorlni
a good digestion and healthy assimilation. Thw very firs
thing to be done la to cleame Ibe stomach and boweis from
all diseased muetis and slime which Is clogging those organi
so that tliev cannot perform their functions, and then rouw
up and restore the liver to a healthy action, for tills pur
pose the surest an I b>st remedy Is SCIIENCK'S MAN
DRAKE PILLS. These 1'ills cleanse the stomach and boweli
of a I the dead and morbid slime that Is causing disease ant
decay in the whole system. They will clear out of the liyei
all the diseased bile that has accumulated there, and arotm
it up to a new and healthy action, by which natural anc
healthy bile is eecrcted.
The stomach, bowels and llyer are thus cleansed by th<
use of Sell click's Mandrake Pills; but there remains In thl
stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid and the appa
tite poor. In the boweis the lactea. a are weak, ami requlP
Ing strength and sup.iort. It is In a condition like this thai
Hclienc*'* Seaweed Tonic proves to be the most valuabU
remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline, and its use will nen
tralizo all excess of acid, making the stomach sweet ant
fresh it will give permanent tone to this importan
organ. and create a good, he irty appetite, and prenara
the system for the first process of a good digestion,
and ultimately make good. healthy, living blood. After tlili
preparatory treatment, what remains to cure most cases ol
consumption U the free and persevering use of Hchenck'l
Pulmonic Syrup. The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system,
purifies the blood, and Is readily absorbed Into the circuits
1 1- in, and thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There II
ripens all morbid matters, whether In the form of abscesses
01 tubercles, and then assists n.iture to expel all the diseased
matter In the form of free expectoration, when onco II
ripens. It is then, by the great healing and purifying proper*
ties of Sclienck's Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers and cavty
ties are healed up eouud, and my patient Is cured. i
The e sentiai thing lo fce done in eurin* consumption Is to
get up a good appetlt" and a good digestion, so that the bod*
will grow In tlesb and get strong. If a person has diseases
lungs, a cavity or abscess there, the cavity cannot heal, tt>4
?natter cannot ripen, so long as the system Is below parj
What is necessary to enrc is a new order of things, a gooq
appetite, a good nutrition) the body to grow in tlesu and gel
fat; then nature Is helped, the cavities will heal, the matte*
will ripen and be thrown off in large quantities, ami the per
son regain health an 1 strength. This Is tho true and only
plau to cure consumption, and It' a person Is very had, it tha
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even If one lung l? entirely
gone, if there Is enough vitality left In the other to heal upy
there Is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one sotindl una
live and enjoy life to a good ol I age. This Is what Schenck'i
Medicines will do to cure consumption. They will clean out
th" stomach, sweeten and strengthen it, get up a go d diges
tion au I give Nature the assistance she needs to clear th4
ystcm of all the disease tbut islu the lun^s whatever the
Orin may be. j
It is important that while nnjii Schenck'i Medicines, art
Should be ex?relsed not totane cold; keep indoors in coo
and damp weather; nvoidnig.it air and take outdoor exer
else ou!y In a jenlal and warm sunshine.
1 wisn It distinctly tin erstoo t that when I recommend 4
patient to he cirelul in regard to taking cold while usln* mr
me i icl ne? 1 do so fur a special reason. A man who has bul
partially recovered from the eilects of a bad cold Is far
more liable to a relapse than one who has been entirely
cured, and It Is in-ecisely the same In regard to consump
tion. So long as the lunjs are not perfectly healed lust so
long is then; Imminent danger of a full return of the disease.
Hence u is that I a? strenuously caution pulmonary patiunlf
against exposing themselves to an atmosphere thai
is not genial and pleasant. Confirmed consumptives*
lungs aro a mass of sores, which the least change of
atmosphere will Inflame. The grand secret of my success
with my medicines consists in my ability to subdue Inftam
matt in Instead of provoking It. as many of the facility d<V
An inflamed lung cannot wltli safety to the patient be ex
posed to the biting blasts of winter or the chilling wtnds of
spring or autumn. It should be camtully shielded from air
Irritating influences. The utmost caution should be observed
In this particular, as without it a cure under almost an J
circumstances Is an impossibility.
the person should be kept on a wholesome and nutrition*
diet, and all the medicines cont.uued until the body h
restored to it the natural quantity of flesh and strength.
I was imseir cured by Oils treatment of the worst kind
consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty tliesa
many years with one lung mostly gone. I have cured thou^
sands sluce, and very tnar.r have' beon cured by this treat*
mem whom f have never seen.
About th? 1st of December I exneel to tike possession of
my new building st the northeast corner of Sixth and Arcli
streets, where I shall be pleased to give advice to oil who may
rejulre It.
Full directions accompany all my remedies, so that a perJ
sou In any part of the world can be readily cured by astrlctf
observance of the same,
J. n. HCHENCK. M. D? Philadelphia.
JOHN F. HENRY, No. 8 College place, New York, wbot?<
sale agent. A
A -H I'M AN HAIR SWITCHES, FIRST QUALITY^
not dyed hair, no crimped lialr in. solid hair, 31 inches'
long, weight SiW ounces, only ij(8; 2o inches, weight 3m
ounces, i#6 80 Inches, weight 8*4 ounces, |l Ml ol Inches,
weight 3 ounces, only d<W. The only importer who retails i*^
wholesale prices, CHARLES V. PKCKHAM, ?S7 Broad war
near Amity street, and 28l Grand, corner of Chr.vsbe street 1
sent 0. O. D, by express, upon receipt of color by nialV
Correspondents answered.
ABSOLUTE DIVORCES LEGALLY OBTAINED FROM
the court! of dlllerent States. No publicity. Advlctf
free. Notary Public and Commissioner ror every state.
F. I. KINO Uouusellor-at-Law. IMS Broad w?v.
A GRADUATE OF THEN. Y. INIVKR8ITY (MEDICAt#
College I and R. C. Surgeons, London, can he consulted
on Diseases of tho Pelvic Viscera. A practice of etl years en
abtes hlin to guarantee permanent cures or no cbargew'
O3ice30 Centre street, near Cnambcri. R. OOBBETT, M. D.
Bargains in teak, coffees, groceries and
Provisions: warranted to suit the palate and the pockets
of the million. THOMAS R. AON F.W,
ilfiO Greenwloh street, New York, y
Every mother who regards the life and
health of her child should possess MRS. WINflLOA'S
HOOfHIWO BVrUP. It l? kii oi l and well-lrted remedy.
Rheumatism caw be curkd with eliab< riieui
matte Remedies. One trial will convince the sufferer#
Patients treated dally from 1 to 2, gratis. 61S Broadway. _j
STAMMERING AND RTITTTER1NO TREATED ANfJ
P. time at the Healing Eetafr
?*oC'r" U '.-'Oil, Irom ilaniburg (Gerinanyls
NX Htcond avenue. New York. ConaultMloo l3 to 1 A. M.
3