<v Dai

TYe Spy should have, the eye of Arpu»: he
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCESTER
MONDAY, 1> EC EM BE R SS. 18T1.
Christmas*
We ore in the habit of congratulating our
selves each year, as the occasion occurs, that,
throughout all our states and territories, our
annual festival of thanksgiving, an occasion for
special recognition of the divine goodness, for
hearty enjoyment of the good things, material
and social, of this world, for family gatherings
and for kindly remembrance of those less fa.
vored by Providence, is celebrated on the same
day. Of New England origin, the custom of
celebrating this day is now formally recognized,
if it is not heartily accepted and valued through
out all our borders. To-day we celebrate in
common not only with all our countrymen, but
with the whole Christian world, the anniversary
ol the event which all who are willing to be
called Christians, however diverse their creeds
or rituals, agree in holding to be the most im
portant and interesting that has taken place on
this earth. From the whole Christian world,
however, we should have excepted the Russians,
who, still adhering to the Julian calendar, are
twelve days behind other people in their reck
oning. For them the 25th of December is the
day which we call the 6th of January.
It is not certain, or even probable, that the
day, which has now for many years been cele
brated by the common consent of Christendom,
is actually the anniversary of the day on which
Christ was born. Fur some centuries Christmas
was not one of the church festivals, and when
it began to be observed, there was no uniform
ity in the day selected for the purpose by the
different churches. It is said, with great ap
pearance ot probability, that the time which
finally obtained general acceptance was chosen,
not so much through preponderance of evidence
in favor of that date, as because it occurred
within the limits of a season observed by imme
morial custom by neatly all the nations of Eu
rope before the introduction of Christianity;
that all the races which inhabit Europe cele
brated in some manner, with religions rites and
social festivities, the period following the winter
solstice, is certain; that this circumstance de
termined the time of the great Christian festival,
is at least probabie; hut its origin is a matter of
small moment compared with the general
agreement in the event it commemorates and the
spirit it cherishes.
From the various peoples to which Americans
trace their ancestry, we derive the customs which
enter into the celebration of Christmas among
us. From the English we have the substantial
feast, which John Bull thinks a necessary com’!
tion of festivity; from Germany, the Christmas
tree, with its ornaments, which bring fairy land
itself within reach of the little ones; from Hol
land, Santa Claus, the jollicst of saints, who
munificently rewards the good children and sel
dom discriminates too harshly against the
naughty ones. All these delights are combined
in American homes, to make Christmas here, as
it is elsewhere also, emphatically the festival of
the children. It comes this year, not with bitter
cold, fields white with snow, and roadways crisp
with frost, but with genial skies and airs as bland
as those of early spring. Let us observe it glad
ly and thankfully, with kind words and deeds,
not forgetting to do what we can for those to
whom comfort and plenty are infrequent visit
ors.
The notorious “Indian rings” which have so
long operated on the western frontier ami at
even- point where they could find opportunity,
are in trouble. The change of system in regard
to Indian agents was felt by these rings as a
disastrous blow at their business. The Indian
agents, under the old system, to a very large ex
tent worked in their service, and made it easy
for them to swindle the Indians either as con
tractors or “Indian traders.” The new system
of appointing these agents has interfered with
this, and will reform it altogether, if steadily
pursued and carried out. Another conspiracy
to swindle both the Indians and the government
has now been exposed. Suspicion was
roused in regard to pensions and mili
tary bounties sought for Indians, and special
agents were sent to the Indian territory to it.-
vestigate the proceedings of the pension agent.
These agents have made a report which shows
that they found matters quite as bad as was sus
pected. The swindle)s having possession ol
the pension agent, operated by means of fraudu
lent applications. Of 273 cases examined, 211
are reported as positively fraudulent, and a por
tion of the others were held in doubt. Most of
these cases were still pending, but fifty-nine of
the swindles had been admitted, conspiracy and
false swearing having carried them through.
Of course, these have been dropped from the
rolls. The swindlers who prey upon the In
dians, deserve the severest punishment, for they
promote Indian wars, and are, in all respects,
inveterate scoundrels on whom forbearance and
mercy would be thrown away.
Sidney Edwards Morse died on .Saturday,
in New York, in the seventy-eighth year of his
age. He is entitled to remembrance as the
founder of the first religious newspaper in this
country, the Boston Recorder, which he estafo
lished about the year 1818, and of which he was
sole editor and proprietor, until he left it about
five years later to found the New York Observer.
Mr. Morse was born in Charlestown, in this state;
his father was the Rev. Jeddidiah Morse, author
of the original “Morse’s Geography,” and one
ot his brothers was the more distinguished Prof.
S. F. B. Morse, the inventor of the electric tel
egraph. Mr. Morse, in his boyhood, took kindly
to study, and has proved to be one of the some
what rare cases in which maturity does not belie
the precocious promise of youth. He entered
Yale college when only eleven years old,
and graduated in 1809, at the age of fourteen.
When sixteen years old he wrote a series of art
icles for the Boston Sentinel, widen attracted
much attention, on the dangers from the undue
multip^uftu ul new states. The work of bis life,
therefore, having begun so early, lasted longer
than that of most men who have lived to a
greater age. His connection with the New York
Observer lasted until 1858, when he retired, sell
ing his interest to the present senior editor.
Besides doing his work in journalism, in which
he was remakable for industry and talent, he,
like his father, was the author of a school geog
raphy, and invented for its illustration the art of
“cerography,” as he called it, for printing map
on an ordinary press. One hundred thousand
copies of his geography are said to have been
printed the first year. In his last years he was
engaged upon an invention for exploring the
depths of the sea. His instrument, called the
“bathometer,” was exhibited in Paris and
New York, exciting considerable interest among
men of science. Mr. Morse’s private life was
an example of fidelity to duty, of purity and ti|»-
rightness. His natural temper, and perhaps his
early training, gave him a bias toward conserv
atism, and while the slavery question was a
subject of controversy, the Observer was vig
orously and effectively hostile to the reformers.
But however his influence might Im? deplored,
no one who knew him doubted that he was
guided in his course, on this as on other subjects,
by bis convictions ot duty. His last, which was
also bis first illness, was paralysis, with which
he was seized on Friday evening, December 15th,
.and after lingering for a little mure than a week
peacefully expired.
The efforts which have been made, from time
to time, to engrave on metals by means of elec
tricity, seem at lust to have resulted in the at
tainment of something practical. An ingenious
French mechanic has produced an invention by
which a metal plate upon which a design is
drawn with a chemical ink of some kind, is
slowly rotated with the face vertical, and several
other similar plates, graded in size, arc also
slowly rotated by appropriate mecbanism The
object of the invention is to engrave on the
smaller plates tbe design traced upon the larg
est, on different scales of magnitude, which is
accomplished by applying a cutting point to the
face of each plate, and which is pressed against
it by means of an electric current whenever a
blunt point, applied to the large plate, eneoun
tert the ink in which the design is traced—the
catting points being at other times withdrawn
Ilie point PteMtiied to the first plate is merely
a feeler, which determines, by electrical
agency, whether the ink is beneath it or not It
ft», be points are pressed iuto the surface of
tbe other plates; If not, thev are withdrawn and
prevented from cutting. Tbe feeler and the
bruins all follow a spiral track.
Letter from Boston.
Fair* llolidny Booka Rndicnl Club—
Woman** Club—Padduck'N .Hall.
J FROM OUR REGULAR CORRESPONDENT.]
Boston, Dec. 21,1871.
The fair season is, of course, at its height.
Fairs used to mean a two or three days sale of
fancy and useful articles; now they mean a sale
lasting from two weeks to two months; a hun
dred or two of lAru ami witucn going into busi
ness together on a large scale, but for n limited
period, and for the public good; a great amount
of all kinds of goods exhibited in a large hall; an
extensive resturnnt.with pretty,wholly untrained
waiters, in fascinating little caps, dainty aprons,
and fashionable gowns; very charming as pic
turesque illustrations of philanthrophy, but
very poor as waiters; besides these attractions and
the usual side shows of picture galleries,practical
jokes, and curiosities,arc a sort of outside shows
in the way of intellectual, musical and dramatic
entertainments given by amateurs not only in
the city, but in the neighboring towns. The
great Fair Fisher spreads his scene in
al) waters and “all is fish th.-Iconies to his net.”
The Catholic fair has closed its long session and
made about £80,000; one Item of its gains was
30,000 bits of the Cathedral stone preserved in
glass ornaments, made by the glass-blowers,
who were a part of the fair. The fair for dumb
animals, too, is over, with the modest result of
$20,000. That was a very pleasing fair; simple
in its arrangements, without raffles, entirely tin
aggressive, yet every article was sold, though
many were very expensive. A novel feature
was the sale of .kittens at a dollar apiece. Il
began by the offer of some kittens with a peril
gree, whose mother or grandmother had lived
with an English peer, and imbibed aristocratic
tastesand manners, but as this supply was ex
tremely limited, and democratic kittens, who
didn’t even know their own father, were just as
pretty, just as frisky, ami just as graceful, thev
brought the same price and found ready buyers.
Now the great woman-sutriage fair is going on.
Music hall fairs are never so pretty as those in
Horticultural hall, but this one is full ami rich,
with a great many bright ami earnest people
working for its success.
Of course shops ami streets are crowded; ami
every imaginable and unimaginable thing is
offered as “suitable for a holiday present.” At
Hovey’s the signs on the different departments are
more fanciful than ever. Santa Claus drives his
reindeers diagonally across one of them; appears
at full length on another; pokes his head wit ha
most persuasive look over the corner of a third;
while others are pretty with holly and other
signs of Christmas. The new books open a
wide field for argument, protest ami commenda
tion. Chromo-lithography holds a prominent
place in them. Ihe books about Norway
and the Nile (I don’t recall their exact tides) are
not quite satisfactory in coloring; they look
rather crude and glaring; but illuminations in
chromo-lithography are really beautiful. “I'he
sermon on the mount” his twenty-five pages,
all different, all handsome. It is a pleasure to
look at their graceful combinations of leaves,
flowers ami fanciful forms, and at their gorgeous
ami harmonious colors. But the frontispiece o 1
Christ, as the centre of a listening group, is an
affront to taste ami quite out of keeping with
the rest of the book. Fortunately, it can
be easily taken out. With “The Un
known River,’ “Good Night mid Good
Morning,” and “Arabesques,” no fault can
be found. Each is a beautiful specimen of its
kind. “The Unknown Rivei” is a charming
story of a canoe voyage, illustrated with ex
pressive etchings; “Good Night and Good
Morning” sets each verse of Lord Houghton’s
poem in a frame of exquisite beauty, made of il
lustration and illumination; of delicate draw
ings, painted flowers ami bright letters. Every
page shows imagination, sentiment and tender
feeling; the pictures are poems; the poem is a
picture. There is no alloy in the pleasure this
book gives. As to the stories in Mrs. Green
ough’s “Arabesques” tastes will differ. They
are absurd and impossible; but they are inter
esting and well told; and the book itself in
printing and ornament is a model of good taste.
These area few only of Roberts Brothels' books
for this season. Little Brown have tine edi
tions of standard books ami all the galleries of
art. Every year brings immense numbers of
standard illustrations, (if the expresjivuds al
lowable,) with new bindings and the latest date;
but people know all about those, and do not
count them as novelties. Osgood Co. pub
lish a great many illustrated editions of books,
which have appeared in other forms; alt sizes
of Tennyson, Whittier, Longfellow, and so on.
They deface Howell's “Wedding Journey” with
some very poor scratchy pictures. No book
was ever less in need of illustration; its word
pictures are perfect; it is thoroughly delightful,
and its illustrations are like offering a child's
pencil scribblings as a helpful addition to a
summer landscape lying broad ami fair before
your eyes. The same unfriendly work has been
done for Mrs. Stowe’s stories, where, however, 1
believe Darley’s work is good The reputation
so recklessly risked in these illustrations i. kept
up in other ways; Hoppen’s book of sketches,
called “Ups and Downs on Lind ami Water/’
is full of good, spirited, and tunny things. Dar
ley’s “Margaret,” so long out of print, and once
such a favorite, is again in the market.
Hennessey’s thirteen pictures of Edwin Booth
in different characters make a nice book,
but arc not interesting. Pliotogranhs of an ac
tor have some advantages over even the best
drawings of him, and are easily obtained. Mr.
Kneeland’s new book on the Yosemite valley,
with photographic views of the scenery, has a
large sale though it is not by any means a show
book.
The last meeting of the radical club was ex
ceedingly lively and entertaining. Prof. C. C
Everett read an essay on I’he Relation of
Jesus Christ to rhe Present Age.” Of course it
was good. Everybody was interested, every
body was pleased; and in the talk which fol
lowed there was no criticism of the essay itself;
but an animated discussion of topics sug
gested by it, such as the character and authority
ol Jesus, the essence, power and tendency of
the spirit of tbe age, the origin of evil, whether
God is the immediate or remote author of the
human race, whether the human race is wholly
evil or inherently good. Professor Calvin Stowe
was present, and in his hearty, vigorous way
announced his belief in the devil, his confi
dence that men and women were depraved, and
moreover that there arc a great deal too many
ot them in the world, and other doctrines not
usually heard at the radical club. hr. Barto]
and Dr. Hedge opposed to him, one, the angelic
sweetness of perfect love ami faith in love: the
other, assured ami slightly supercilious argu
ment. Of course Prof. Stowe was not con
vinced; and a rather sharp skirmish followed,
but in such entire good temper that everybody
enjoyed it. Col. Higginson came to the defense
of tbe human race from the charge of
depravity, and was in one of his best
moods. He spuke well, and earnest
ly. Contact with ami intimate knowl
edge of what are called depraved races or class
es, had strengthened his laitb in human nature.
Ami it always is so. The men and women who
labor in prisons and in low places are always
people of faith m human nature. The elements
of what is called depravity are ignorance and
weakness; it is not the indelible stamp that the
devil has put nponbisuwn. All this I hadlaUly
heard from Miss Gilbert of Chicago, a woman
who devotes her life to the service of prison
ers, and the reform of prisons; and I could not
help adding in this place, her testimony tu that
of Mr. Higginson.
The woman’s club is actively al work. This
week it has had a reception for Mrs H. B.
Stowe; a meeting in aid ol the hospital for
women and children, which was burnt in Chi
cago; and a meeting to discuss plans for an in
dustrial school for girls. Experiments are be
ing made in other ways for the help of working
women, of which I shall tell by and by.
Ibe immediate interest of Bostonians is in
“Paddock’s Mall,” the row of English elm trees
on Tremont street, by the old Granary burying
ground. They were imported from England
and planted here about 110 years ago by
Major Adino Paddock. He took great
care of them, and on one occasion offered the re
ward of a guinea lor the detection ol the person
who hacked one of them. Maj. Paddock was a
loyalist and, in 1776, embarked fur Halifax with
the royal army. In 1778 be was proscribed and
banished. He spent the rest of his life on the
isle of Jersey, where he held tbe office of inspec
tor of artillery stores. But bis trees flourished
here; they were respecte 1 by the British soldiers
and came unharmed out of the revolution.
Boston Ims grown up around them; some of
&bt gailn Worcester, JUarnmci, gaembtr 25, 1871.
them have been destroyed to make room for its
growth, but those that remain are large ami
vigorous; their beauty is somewhat marred by
age, and their sx mmetry destroyed byjUTidcnts
from wind and storm, but thev arc sturdy old
veterans, with magnificent trunks and far
spreading branches; they still give shade and
shelter, and more than that they give dignity
anil honor to the street. They are like the brave
old grandfather in a family, who has lived no
bly, and in his old age is reverenced by bis de
scendants; he may be bald, he may be some
what bent, but with vigorous frame, ami wide
sympathy, and stores of stories of the past, he
is tbe. pride of his children's children. But now,
alas! fur the trees; without warning, without
giving chance for protest, the city government
has ordained their destruction; the street com
missioner is ordered to cut them down. They
are not killed, with friends around them, in a
fair fight, but are assassinated by the Metropoli
tan railroad. The new insulting ami destroying
the old. I'he horse railroad wanted more space,
the destruction of the trees would give it,
and, incredible as it seems, the city government
is stupid ami hardened enough to decree that
destruction. Tbe trees gone, I suppose old
people will go next. A good many of them,
who do not patronize horse cars, walk on Tre
mont street, and sometimes stand together and
talk; they occupy room that might be used by
passengers, ami if the Metropolitan railroad ap
p ies to the city to have them exterminated or
excluded from the street, I suppose it will be
done. Point Shirley is said to be the paradise
of Boston aidermen, and Point Shirley is with
out trees. Why need they grow elsewhere? There
is hot indignation against this high-handed out
rage,and the street commissioner stands between
two fires; the railroad urging him on; all tbe
patriotism and sentiment and taste of Boston
holding him back. And we sit and listen for
tbe sound ol the axe, the first stroke of which
ought totill the city with shame.
YliNceliniHoiiw Hr ma.
This is a description of a terrible infant in
Fentress countv, Tenn.: “The prodigy is only
three years old, ami weighs seventy-five
pounds, has as much beard as a twenty-year
old, his teet are eight inches long-, though small
lor one of bis build; he is fond of the society of
girls, but the boys he detests Ilia voice is
coarse, ami his fits of passion arc terrific.”
An interesting nursemaid of Grass Valiev
amused tbe children by lowering a little six
year old girl to tbe bottom us a dry well some
sixty feet deep. The little one played around
tbe bottom, and was hauled up in safety, ami,
being delighted with her exploit, informed her
parents, who forthwith directed the nursemaid
“to let well alone.”
Edward Powers, a civil engineer of Chicago,
111., has petitioned congress tor aid to enable
him to test his method for the artificial produc*
tion of ruin. He wants to be furnished with
800 cannon of not less than 24 pounds caliber
each, and 30,000 lbs. of power to fire in them,
together with an electric battery and other ap
pliances, to enable him to discharge all the
pieces simultaneously, and it will be seen that
the experiment would be a very expensive one.
The word “bloody” has nothing in itself
which can be supposed improper, but it was a
favorite expression of censure in the months of
a very low class in London, and therefore the
reporters, when recording the utterances of that
class, had the habit of “gutting” it. Ami as
use is second nature, it came to pass one day
that a grand sentence of Sir Robert Peel’s ap
pealed in the Times after this ludicrous fashion:
“Then the genius of anarchy arose, and waving
herb y hand,” &c., &c. Walter, the editor,
summoned the delinquent in haste and wrath,
and distributed to him with much energy sundry
fragments of the butt end of his mind. “Bui,
sir,” pleaded the delinquent, “it’s a coarse
word, yon know.” “Yes/ growled the proprie
tor, “it is coarse, if 1 were to call you a bloody
fool it would he coarse, but it would be true.”
I’he adoption of cast iron for railways ami
tramways is meeting with much favor in Scot
land. At a meeting of the trustees of the Uhde
navigation company of Glasgow, the engineer
reported that a cast iron tramway wlm-h had
been laid down on tbe South quay for trial had
stood in a very satisfactory manner tbe most
severe tests for more than four months. During
tins period the passing us railway ami cart
traffic had been almust continuous, bur the
tramway showed no signs either of displace
ment in line or level, or of any wear or need of
repair in any way, being, to all intents and pur
poses, as perfect as when first laid down. Un
der tbe circumstances of tbe severe tests to
which the tramway had been submitted, the re
sults were considered very satisfactory, and the
further use us this style of cast iron tram
way was recommended for quays and yards.
Another pretender to the French throne is
Carl Gustave Ludwig, journeyman tailor, of
Stuttgard, who says he is the legitimate son ot
the duke of Reichstadt ami “a Hungarian coun
tess” to whom the duke was privately married.
There is said to be living a witness of these nup
tials, in the person of a Hungarian officer.
There is a story that Prince Metternich appren
ticed this imperial child to a tailor in Stuttgard.
He has been before a court at Ischl, charged
with writing his princely rank in bis passport,
and claiming tbe name of Prim e Joseph Eugene
Napoleon Bonaparte, for which he was expelled
from the country Long ago there was some
story ol a private marriage o! the young Napo
leon, but though this may account fur the claim
this young tailor sets up, it is far from estab
lishing it. His likeness to rhe Bonaparte fam
ily is said to be striking, and in this lie has the
advantage of Napoleon 111., who looks more
like a Dutchman than an Italian or Greek.
A Pittsburg paper gives the following: A
rather funny stun is told of Rudiger, one of the
parties sent to jail to await trialffor feloniously
entering Force’s tobacco store. It is said that a
few days ago he went to a rag warehouse, on
Penn street, and passing around to the rear
where there was a vast collection of rags in
crates and loose piles, he rolled one of the crates
x»ii to the scales. Then stepping to the back
door he called to the book keeper, who was the
only person in the store, ami requested him to
weigh and pay him for that crate of rags. The
unsuspecting clerk carefully weighed the rags,
ami paid tbe fellow full price lor that which al
ready belonged to the la in. Two or three days
afterward, according to the story, Rudiger went
back to the place and repeated the performance
in pan. One of the proprietors of the place
was called out this time to do the weighing, and
recognized the crate as one he bad received, paid
fur ami marked the day before. Rudiger pro
tested that this was not the case, and said that
if the proprietor would wait a moment he would
bring a man to prove bis ownership to the rags.
Tbe proprietor waited, ami Radiger went after
‘•that man” and did not come back.
A M ERICA N FE M ALE R E Fl) RME R 8 I X EX
gland.—Last year Miss Frances Power Uobbe
and other English ladies made a vigorous effort
to form a club for both sexes; but their effort
ended with establishing a woman’s club, ihe
American ladies will, probably, succeed uo Let
ter, if so well. To tell the trul li, there is, 1 fear,
a certain misgivintL iu the best English society
when au American lady is encountered, and a
sensible relict if she turns out to be like other la
dies. Several prominent American women have
appeared here from time to time, who have agi
tated for reforms among their sex with more
bravery than tact, and have been regarded as—
if they have not claimed to be —representatives
of their sex in the United States. One us these
reformers, a female physician well known iu
connection with th? “dress movement/' ap
peared here some two years ago at a party
given to her in a costume which she called the
“American dress,” the main features of which
were that the skirt readied a little below the
knees, below which were common trousers, and
ihe body had a stiff and manly aspect. During
the party the American lady in question took
up her position in the middle of the floor ami
began to harangue the ladies on their sins of cos
tume. Su long as. she stuck to generalities the
proceeding seemed harmless enough, whatever
might be said of its taste. But the indignant re
former fixed upon a refined and excellent young
girl of about eighteen who had the misfortune
to be present, aud who was dressed iu the ordin
ary low-bodied costume which all English ladies
wear at evening companies. This young lady's
dress was not in the least extravagant, and there
was no one in the room of more modest appear
ance. The American medical woman pointed to
her with her linger,exclaiming. “Gentleman and
lailies, look ut that girl’s dress! Is it decent? Is
it right for women to expose themselves in that
way The poor girl almost fainted. The lady
of the house did her best to stop the harangue;
every eye iu the room flashed indignation upon
the speaker; but on she went, with the manner
of a stump speaker, and was stopped only by
the breaking up of the company. What
comments have been made in circles where
this strictly true and unadorned incident
has been related, I need not say. But now
there is a report that another medical lady from
America more eminent than theclothes-woman
in her profession—is occupying the intervals of
her practice in agitating fur a similar dress-rc*
form. Shocked at the fashions which European
ladies have inherited from great grandmothers,
who had not detected fully the creative hand of
Satan in Hie human form, this American lady
has started an “Anti-Low-Ncck association, the
members of which are to pledge themselves
never to reveal a square inch of cutaneous tis
sue Iteiow the cervical junction with the supe
rior thorax, and to refrain from going to court
until her majesty rescinds the rigorous rule
which excludes high-bodied dresses on state oc
casions. How many have enrolled themselves
iu Ibis unique society I cannot say. Nor need I
report the obvious expt: nations which one hear
frequently given ul the reasons why
American ladies are hostile to European
fashions in this particular. Thev are
such as explained of old the high bodied
costume of Margaret of Burgundy, a companion
of a certain American lady to whom led to the
famous duel in which thc son of a confederate
diplomatist figured u few years ago. When the
alleged slenderness of American ladies is not
given in explanation, the alternative is the old
one started by Mrs. Trollope’s narratives of how
ladies in America fainted at the mention of a
table’s legs, and thc enlargements of other trav
elers who tell ol statues purchased in Home, to
be carefully dressed in silk in “the states.” The
American dress reformeresses will not alter
European fashions in the particulars mentioned,
unless they can convert all thc artists into dea
cons; but they may succeed in giving their
countrywomen a reputation for something
worse than meagerness of form—namely, for
that kind of prudishness which identifies artistic
beauty with prurience, and would recognize im
purity in E.e herself, until she. became ashamed
of herself ami clothed herself with innocence,
in the shape of such dry goods as she could pro
cure.— M. b. t 'onicdy in Cincinnati Conimcio
cial.
This Little ('iihistmas Story is by Leigh
Hunt:
A certain bishop who )i\ ed one hundred years
ago, ami who was very unlike what Is reported
of her majesty's new almoner: also very unlike
i he ('hristian bishops of old, before titles weie in
vented fur them; very unlike Fenelon too, who
nevertheless had plenty of titles} very unlike
the Francis de Sales, who was lor talking noth
ing but “roses; lery unlike St. Vincent de
Paul, who founded the Sisterhood of Charity;
very unlike Rundle, who “had a heart," and
Berkeley, who had “every virtue under heav
en, and that oilier exquisite bishop (we blush
to have forgotten his name), who was grieved
to find a hundred pounds at his banker’s, when
ihe season bad been so bad for the puor;—this
highly unrcsembling bishop, who, never
theless, was like too many of his breth
ren, that is to say, in times past
(for there is no bishop now, at least in any quar
ter of England, who is not remarkable for meek
ness, and docs not make a point of turning his
right cheek to be smitten, the moment von have
smitten his ’left); this unepiscopal and yet not
impossible bishop, we say, was once accosted,
during a severe Christmas, by a l’arson-Adams
kind of inferior eh-rgyman, ami told a long story
of the wants of certain poor people,ul whose
cases his lord-hip was unaware. What the dia
logue was which led to the remark we are about
to mention, the reportersol tbecircumstance do
not appear to have ascertained; but it seems
that the representations growing stronger ami
stronger on one side, and the determination to
pay no attention to them acquiring proportion
ate vigor on theutlher, the clergyman was moved
to tell the bishop thal his lordship did m>tunder
stand his “eleven commamlments.”
“Eleven commandment-1 cried tbe bishop;
“why, fellow, you aic drunk. Whoever heard
of an eleventh commandment Depart, or you
shall be put in the stocks.” “Put thine own
pride and cruelty m the stocks,” retorted the
good priest, angered beyond bis Christian pa
tience, ami preparing to return to the sufferers
for whom he had pleaded in vain. “1 say
there are eleven commandments, not ten, and
that It were well lor such flocks as you govern,
if it were added, as it ought to boj to the others
over Ilie tables in church. Dues your lordship
remember—du you in fact know anything at all
of him who came on earth to do good to the,
pour and woful, and who said, Behold, I give
unto you a neto cumnnuulinent-^lore. one
another >r
Puzzling Questions.—A writer in Cham
bers’Journal confounds tbe philosophers with
hard questions. He enumerates the long list of
well aiitbcHtiiaited instances us animals being
held involuntarily prisoner^ of nature, and then
he demands a reason for this anomalous shite of
things. A few of his perplexities are curious
enough. Some workmen in a quarry at Botir
sire, Gotha, having detached a large piece of
stone from the mass, opened it and found in the
centre a live toad. It was of a dark gray color,
its back a little speckled. The aperture of the
mouth was covered with fine memlnaiic, as were
also tbe eyes. It could wink, but seemed inca
pable of any’ other motion. It lived but a short
lime after regaining its liberty. In I7PJ, near
Caen, a live load was found in tin* trunk of an
elm tree, four feet above the foot and exactly in
the centre. The tree was perfectly sound ami
about as thick as a man’s body. No place could
be discerned through which it was possible for
the, aninial to have penetrated. As soon as the
wood was cut away the toad, which was a large
one, crawled out and skipped away as if glad to
escape.
These facts ami many others of a similar char*
acter led Mr. Herrisan, a French savan, to make
some curious experiments. In February, 1771,
be enclosed three live toads in as many cases of
plaster, and shut them up in a deal box. in
April, 1771, he opened the Iroxes and found the
cases whole. <hi breaking the cases lie found
two of the toads alive, but the thild bad died a
martyr to science. They were handed over to
the academy ot sciences, ami a careful examin
ation showed that the animals had no communi
cation with the external air,and must have ex
isted without the slightest nourishment. The
same experimenter enclosed some loads in glass,
so as to observe their movements, but to thedet
rimeut of science am- relief of the toads, he soon
died and the investigation stopped.
The writer from whom we quote also mentions
other animals that have been found nt equally
strange quarters. Al Toulon, oysters fit to eat
arc frequently found in pieces of stone. In
Spain, two live worms were found in the middle
ofa block of marble which asculptor was carv
ing into a lion for the royal family. These
worms occupied small cavities to which there
was no inlet that could possibly admit il,c air.
In France, in 1772, an adder was found alive in
the centre of a block of marble thirty feet in di
ameter. In (lamleloupe Jive frogs are found m
beds of petrifaction, In these ami many other
cases given by ihe writer, bis perplexity, us
course, is to know how Ihe animals got in there
in the first place, and then how they managed
to subsist w hen they were in.
11 istorkjxl Documents. —Minister Wash
burue has renewed, through the state depart
ment. the recommendation lie made some
months ago, for an appropriation to secure rhe
priming for the congress library of certain
manuscripts in the cixtodv of Ilie French min
ister of marine, relating to the early coloniz.a>
lion of the country west ol^Be Ohio river by
the French missionaries ami To/^/eMrs. Two
Frenchmen have taken gieat interest in bring
ing these nr Hiuscripts to the attention of Mr.
Washburne, ami one of them, M. Henri Harris,
proposes to edit ami jirint them in nine
quarto volumes, at a cost of 58(lG(i. The joint
committee on the library have bad the subject
under consideration, hut are not inclined to rec
ommend the appropriation. Mr. Spofford, the
librarian, says if the manuscrips were originals,
ami could he bought, there would be no doubt
of Ihe propriety of doing so; but he understands
they are only copies, and the fact tiiat Ihe Freud)
goitcrnmcnt has had them in its possession for
two hundred years, without printing them, leads
him to conclude that they are not of much value.
Everything of substantial historic value in the
government archives of France, relating to the
French colonization of America, be believes,
has already been published.
Explosion in the Sun.—According to the
astronomers, there has been a tremendous out
break in die sun. An enormous protuberance,
which the wonderful appliances of modern sci
ence soon ascertained to be composed of hydro
gen gas was suddenly pTojected from its body,
and floated at |the height of some 15,000 miles
above the chromosphere, although still connect
ed with it by three or four bright vertical col
umns. About half an hour afterwards the
whole of this was blown into shreds by some
inconceivable rush from beneath, and in ten
minutes the spare above the solar surface was
filled with the living debris to the height of
more than 200,000 miles.
[From Saturday’s spy.]
The More of FnirbnnkM mid Piper.
On Front street, near its junction with Main
street, is to be found the large drug establish
ment of Messrs. Fairbanks Piper, where an
assortment of ail kinds of drugs, medicines,
fancy goods, toilet articles, surgical and dental
instruments, choice cigars, ct<-., etc., is to be
found in almost endless variety. During the
present holiday season this enterprising firm
have made unusual exertions to aid their patrons
in making their selections of presents for the
annual Christmas festivals, and their
store lias for the past week presented
an interesting and pleasing spectacle. Enter
ing their store a visitor is at once seemingly lost
in a chaos ol handsome and useful articles; the
long counter on the right, nn extra counter in
the center, a portion of the counter
on the left and both windows arc tilled
with an assortment of goods rarely seen in any
one store in this city, while the entire back store
is devoted to the wholesale business, the sale of
holiday goods at present forming no small por
tion of the amount of the wholesale business
carried on in this room. Among the other
numerous articles are those made of Russia
leather of various styles and shapes,
which are sure to merit encomiums from
all, the perfumery, which embraces Lu
bin’s genuine, John Gosnell^ Son ol London,
Letchford and Kimmell in great variety, the ex
cellence of which i- as fully established as that
of the store in which they are ior sale. Here,
also, may be seen the celclnated Maria Farina
cologne, 1711, in long hollies and wicker. The
hand mirrors in Russia leather are line articles,
and would make tine additions Io anv toilet
table, w hile the perfumery caskets, toilet sets,
puff boxes, hair brushes, combs, dressing cases,
fancy soaps and fountain perfumes an*
among the finest articles in the long list of
holiday goods. On the right hand counter is
the cigar ease,which has always been celebrated
as containing one of the choicest and best as
sortment of cigars otic ted for sale by any firm
in the state. Fur the accommodation of smokers
who find considerable difficulty in safely* carry
ing cigars in their pockets, they have a choice
assortment of cigar cases which will make a
handsome present to any gentleman Iriend. To
better m< el the wants of travelers here mav he
luund I raveling lunch baskets supplied
with all the necessary a.tirh-s for par
pariakiug ot lunch on the road, at a picnic or
any other place where an out-door meal is in
order. <>n the opposite counter maybe found
an assortment of traveling flasks, embracing
those made by Dixons,Fryes and Hawkshy, ariF
eles which every one knows the use and conven
ience of having in their possession. The medic
inal department of ibis store is iis greatest
merit, and physicians’ procript ions are com
pounded wdii gn .ii are by the most expciL?
enced men in the business.
To any one in sea rd of a model drug cst alr
lishmcid, a visit to ibis store is sure to be one
of profit, and to those who find difficulty in
making a selection of a holiday gift, bv railing
at this store they will be materially aided by the
large corps of clerks employed by Messrs. Fair
banks Piper.
How can you please your wife, (laughters or lady
friends better than by purchasing one of those nice
Sable, Seal or Astruchun miiflb at Eldred and Lis
comb’s. It will make a.merry Christmas for them.
Hair, Hair, for the holidays, a real hair
switch or a couple of long curls is one of the best
presents that you cm buy (a special hint to the gen
tlemen). Gray switches for old ladies at $2.50 can
be had at J. Medina Co.’s, 292 Main street, Flagg’s
block, W orcester.
Rubber Goods of every description selling very
cheap at the Boston shoe store, 14 Front street.
Those ladies who bought their Sable, Seal and As
trachan muffs at Eldred Liscomb’s, yesterday,
‘•did their level best.”
Ten below Zero.- Go to Eldred Liscomb’s,
and buy Robes, Muffe, Collars, Boas, Gloves, Mit
tens, Ke and make yourselves comfortable. 407
Main street.
lu/VX’FG»'X’ IWLA.WIX Bi X <5.
wfw yorr srorw mxwkft
Ni w Y< bk, Dcc.2t -The bank ■‘latcmcnt is u'mnrki
ble lor Iho sh «rp cOnliwilon which it shows tn hums
and tiii 1 loss in specie. The toboWing ate the n*er
aves: Ixurns, decrease, 511.19ii.700; specie, decrease,
$2,986,309; circulation, deereas-. 54M,200; deposits, de
crease. Legal tenders, decrease, $1,314,000
The money m nket at the dose wa easy at per cent
currency to 7 per cent gold. Gold remains steady at
IOBH. Government bonds closed Him. ('intra 1 Pacific*
closed ut io< 103!*, and Union firsts at 948. The
stock mat ket was strong up to the do>e Ihe billowing
were the highest prices ol stocks during the day
N. Y. Central Hudson River consol'd 04U
do do do do scrip 88’4
Erie railroad 32 s
Lake shore it Mich’g.inßoulh«m Ki: 92
do do scrip H<i
T-Meno and Waba-n ral’road Oil;
Chicago and NcrthWMUrn railroad 64
do do preferred W
Chicago and Rock Island railroad 106*4
Milwaukee and 8t Paul railroad M
do do ores 77 >4
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 44H
Union Pacific railroad stock 29
Western Union Telegraph company
Pacific Mail Steam sb ip company 51
HUHTGN STOCK HALES- Dec. 23
s’o.lloo llnrtrnrd anil Erle railroad 7s. new 2HX(h.
s2.<ii)ii Maine Staled 100
$5,000 HL Louis Udvlis Hi'<
s'>.iiW) New Hampshire Slate Sixes. 1x74 100
$34 IHM) Massachusetts state 6s. 1x72. gold 108’1
$3 OOH MilssacliU-ette stale |KS J
$4,000 I Ity nt Lowell 6-. IH‘»U U»
‘.ism Charlestown City 6s. I k 9l iw'S
fI.OOU Bangor city 6s. IMS m
Sh.*hh» Maryland and Delaware RR Ist H- 49-«
S'.ihmj Cm. Sandusky and Cleveland It i«. l«90 8’
JM..500 •■.tar Rapids and MlMnnri K R 7 I9IH Hi’s
$.',000 Western railroad 6s. 1875 98M
jl.UiiO old Colony and Newport It It 6«, 1«75 96 t
!i’ Virnioui and Canada railroad 9h'»
4» Phil.. Wil. and Baltimore railroad 55
23 Fitchburg railroad 133
IW Eastern railroad. N. U 100k^,HUS
50 Vermont ami Massachusetts It It Kii'at'oM
I.’ I'orlsmoutb.Great Falls ,v Conway H 1t... .•isS("»'*t
46 Boston and Maine rallrua I rights off ri7‘«(" lib**
46*. do do rights 11%^12M
31X1 Vermont ('enlrid railroad, old OP'-c
20 Boston and Albany railroad. UO 5
mo Michigan Central railroad ex-dlv 114
35 Boston and Providence railroad 149^
2(M> Cin. Sandusky and Cleveland RR 19H
10 Eastern railroad 105 J i(di'tlfi
200 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad 6(^6^
5 Appleton .Manufacturing Company 1409
4'l Naunikeav steam Cotton Mill?, ex-div I 28!»
20 Bales Manufacturing Co 115
4 Maiicheslcr Print Worss 697 S(a)7o2^
5 Continental mills ex-div fNi
12 Lvman Mills 87 'i
DOME“Tfr MARKETS.
Chicago, Dee. 23.—Flour unchanged. Wheat a shade
lower; No 1 spring $1.21; No 2 do si.l9M; No 3do 81-E
lorn :t shade lower; xo 2 mixed 40S (o, 4'hc. Oats
dull dud n sb ule lower; No 2,32 c. live a -hale lower;
No'2,62‘i («)62Sc Barley firm No 2 spring 61 *t (ri; m'n,
Pork dull; mess sl3. Lani drooping at BSc. Bulk
moats nnciiangcd. Whiskey—9oc a ked Receipts—sooo
m>ls Hour. 21,090 bush wheat, 121,000 bush c0rn,24.000 bush
oats, loon bush iye, 11,000 bush barley.'24.ooo hogs. Ship
ments- 3090 bbls (lour. 3G!D bush bush wheal, 8000 bush
corn, 9.060 bush oats, 2000 bu-li barley, 2009 hog-; lot.il
hogs packed Ill's season 629,<'00. Tbe board of trade hold
no session Monday.
craclNNATi. Dee. 23.— Pork du I and lower at $13.37.
Lard dro 'ping at Bhc. Hulk meats quiet and Weak, tn-k
---mgshoulderssWc; sides 6 (di 6Hc; sales 100,000 Ibsslioul
dens ut s‘ic seller February. Bacon utichangcii. Green
meats unsettled asking 4 a 5Sc. Hams in pickle 9>:
Qi. 10e*.
New Orleans, Dec. 23—Cotton quiet; middlings at
19 19 He.
Persons who have become thorohghly chilled from
any cause, m iv have their circulation at once restored
by taking into the stomach a tea-spoonful of Johnson's
Anodyne hiniment mixed in a little cold water, wel*
sweetened.
Every f irmer who owns a good stock of howes. cattle
and sheep, and intends to keep them through the winter,
should get at once a good stock of Sheridan's Cavalry
Condition owders. One dollar’s worth will save at
least a half ton of hay. deop&wlw d'2s
The Secret of (’aptiValxoß.—Featiires o f Grecian
mould, a well t urned neck and beautifully rounded arms,
arc no doubt very nice things to have, and ladies who
possess these charms have reason to be thankful to
Mother Nature; yet, after all. the most captivating of
all womanly charms in a pure, fresh and brilliant com
plexion. This superlative fascination any lady may se
cure by using Hagan’s Magnolia Balm, the standard
beautifying preparation of the present age. It differs
from all ordinary cosmetics in three most essential par
ticulars. imuniuch as It contains no injurious ingredi
ents. does not contract or shrivel the skin as all .lie as
tringent blooms," "lotions'’ and “powders’’ eventually
do, but produce* a lasting loveliness by improving the
health of the skin. Under its operation the texture of
the epidermis becomes finer, and the surface soft as
velvet and smooth as porcelain. Features cannot be
changed, but complexions can. and it is quite certain
that a lady with no other charm thana fresh and rosy
complexion, will attract more admiration in company
than her neighbor with a classic face but a sallow skin.
dtJ deop&wlw
Sp.ecial gotues.
Xuti-iliiin; How Possible'.
The blood is simply this:—A Solution of Food.
Now it is thc function of the blood, to build up atresh
continually every portion of the fiamo. But tor this
building up process, it is not enough that blood be pres
ent, simply. There must also, to speak, be a willing,
ncss and readiness, on the part of muscle or brain, or
whatever else it may lie, to take up from the blood tbe
peculiar nourishment It may stand in need oC “One
man,” as the saying goes, ‘-may lead the horse to the
water, but twenty men cannot make him drinkwe
must make thc horse willing: we must coax him. So
als<» we must coax thc worn-out muscle, thc worn-out
brain, to ilrinx—drink of the life-giving blood-stream
that washes, as it were, its very lips. There is nothing
that coaxes the unwilling horse, in this case, like Dr.
Gotllieb Fisch’s Bitters!
This subiect continued next week under "How to En
joy Winter." deopAlw <125
PalentN Secured.
Re-issues. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE.
Transfers of Rights, and Patent Cases attended to. bv
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass.
Office No. 303 Main St.
a!2 dtf _____________
People’ll Havtnus ISaiik,
452 MAIN ST.
IBeposita Nov. I,»U •9,04»,G3ff 88.
Deposits arc put on interest on the first day of every
month.
The net profits are dh ided semi-annually, in February
and August.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank isopen
from t> to 8 o’clock Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Treas.
Worcester, Nov. 2.1871. dAwtf n 2
Belter anil Cheaper
THAN ANY OTHER BOOTS OR SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
C A BL E S C R E H’ W IRE.
BETTER—Recause they are more Pliable, more Com
fortable, are Water-pioof. and are warranted not to Kip
or Gape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not in
excess of sewed or pegged work ot a like grade, their
Durability Is far greater, they preserve their Shape much
better, and thc metallic fastening insures a more Equal
Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work
The immense demand having called' forth imitations,
consumers should be sure that every boot or shoe bears
the Patent stamp.
Sold by Dealers everywhere. dcop7w n!3
Peril and Precaution.
This is a season that tries the frame and the constitu
tion. If there be a weak spot in either, the chilling
damps, the malarious togs, the varieties of temperature
that mark the commencement of the winter season are
sure to find it out. There are few systems that have not
a weak spot somewhere, and the wisest thing that any
man orwumun can do is to fortify it by a course of Hos
tetter’s Stomach Bitters, ami thus keep thc enemy at
bay. In war, when a city is menaced the first thing to
l>o done is to strengthen the ramparts. The same policy
should be adopted with the human body, when its direst
foe.malaria, is abroad. It the stomach is weak, this
tonic, will lend it vigor; if the bowels are morbidly sen
sitive, this alterative will regulate them; if the liver is
Inert, this wholesome stimulant will rouse It; if there Is
constipation, tills aperient will cure It; if there is ner
vous debility, this nervine will replace it with nervous
vigor; if there is impurity [in the blood, this depurent
will neutralize it; If there is a cloud on the spirits, this
exhilarant will dispel it. These are facts that have been
demonstrated every day for thc last twenty years. Can
as much be said for any other medicine—or rather, can
as much be proredl for anything may be said by the un
scrupulous. Do not accept any of the local bitters some
times recommended by dealers in lieu of the standard
Restorative. dAwlw d'2l
Safely and Prolit.
First-class Railway Mortgages are now the most popu
lar xi urltles-combining, as they do, absolute safety
with a remunerative rate of interest. IHE FIRST
MORTGAGE Joint Kinking Fumi Six per Ct
Oold BomU of the I ERMONT DIVISION of the
Portland and Ogdensburg railroad
TRUNK UNE arc being rapidly absorbed by those
making conversions of their 5-20’s and ether high-piiced
bond-. With a local, through and pleasure \ninUu sx,
vilhi i of these sources sufficient to meet all inti rest ob
ligati ms and operating expenses, the Bonds of this sec
tion ofthe Shortest Trunk Line Irom the Lakes to the
Atlantic cannot fail to advance to par as this New En
gland enterpriserapidiy approaches completion.
I’rice at present. 90 and Accrued Interest in Currency.
I o'-pamphlet.-, with full information, apply to Finan
cial Agents—e. A. T. Fairbanks Co., st. Johnsbury
Vt.; Fairbanks A C0.,252 Broadway, New York; Fair
banks. Brown A Co., U 8 Milk st.. Boston Fairbanks A
Ewing, 715 Chestnut st., Phlhulelphla.
FOK HALE BY
RICE, WHITING A BULLOCK Worcester,
and all leading Banks and Brokers.
5 dcop&w4w
Lea A J efi'ins’ Baucv,
pronounced by connoisseurs ^“THE ONLY GOOD
11improves appetite amt id It Is unrivaled
tor its H.ivo.. e are directed by An ssis. Lra A I'l'.u-
l! ‘klng or vending coun
teiif t-. JOHN DUNCAN S SONS. Agents.
an 12 deopfim New York.
«>«h» Kou, Comraieson Merchants
au l dealers tn F lour and Grain, Land Plaster, Llrae, Cal
cmed Plasier, Gr. Bone. Cement. Halt. Guano. Huuer
pbosohato ot Lime, and Western Produce, Nos. '237 and
239 Front st. Worcester, M*"?.
dtf JOHIf H. CLARK A BON
Th* Worcester Mechanics savings Bank
/JV CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank Is open daily for the receipts of Deposita
Deposits put upon Interest on the Fifteenth day O'
each month.
Boml-annual Dividends iu January and July.
HARRJBON BLIBB President.
H. Woodward. Treas'?.
‘•-t
U tircener FK e elite SuviiiK* Bank.
OFFICE, NO. WS MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business d.i.V.fr'Tn nine o'clock
In the morning to five o'clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars r'<\ iv d. ana put upon interest on the jirst of every
'lion th.
Dividends of Intermit are made in January and
July, and if nut withdrawn arc added to the principal
on Ihe first of the following month.
Smallest sum onlitled to rcecive inlei Three Dol
lars. CLARENDON HARRIS.
Jv9 dtf Treasurer.
Worcester County Institution tor nuviuk*
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered .February 8,1828,
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each montL
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 54.605.843 DO.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK. President.
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
Worcester Ga» Litchi l ouipany.
Coke.
This Cheap and most Desirable Fuel for Manufae
taring purposes and Family use. is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at Ilie following Reduced
Prices:
One i 'haldron of 36 bushels $5.00
One Halt do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may be made, and orders foritsdclivery will
be issued only at the Office of the Companv. No. 6 Bank
Block. Foster st reet. up stairs. dtf Jal
Tnr
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S 3AV£NOS RANK BUILDING
Woiceeter.
GEORGE M.”rICE, President.
Receives Money on Deposit subject to Check at Sight
AND AIXOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
final! Safes, enclosed in Burglar Proof Cases, to whicl
the Reuter alone has access, arc offered to the public fw
rent, at prices varying from sls to $75 each per annum.
Ii is a place of S'curity aaainst Fire or Burglars for
depositing Valuab.es of all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages. Wills, Deeds, Jewcjry, Silver Plate,
4c., received at very low rates. which receipts are
given.
The Vault. Burglar Proof Cases, and Small Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 a. m.,
ami a Burglar Alarm eommuakating with the Police
(Mice, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business Hours’from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
1.V14 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Sec’v
A Million in the Field.
Yes, a million of men. to say nothing of the ladies,
know by experience that
CrtMadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
produces shades of color that seem to have been brought
out by nature itself. They know. too. it is free from
all injurious matter, because they have used it for years,
and thus tested It by a process more certain than even
chemical analysis itself. In fact, the daily experience of
multitudes of both sexes, confirms the declara’ion of the
first analytical chemist hi America, that the Excelsior
Dye contains “nothing del?terious to health/' A good
dressing should he use I alter the dyeing, and the best is
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
d 5 deop&weowlm
Dr. <2. F. Harwood*
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
112 <l3lll
jUnuiawi I'naiurxriala!
PLUMPERS.
Corner Waldo and Exchange Sts., Worcester, Mass
Bath Tubs and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowls
Wash Trays, Sinks &c Ac. .fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf jyß
Dr. O. 11, Baker,
DENTIST.
22 Pearl st the Post Office.
nJ d3in
On Marriage. -Ilappv Relief for Yonng Men from
Ihe effects of Errors and Abuses in early life. Manhood
restored. Seminal emissions cured. Impediments to
Marriage removed. New method of treatment. New
ami remarkable remedies. Books and Circulars sent
tree, in scaled envelopes. Address HOWARD ASSO
CIATION. Ni». 2 South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa.
nl dTQATb3m
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.—This dpert) Hair Dye
is the best in the tcorld— perfectly harmless, reliable and
instantaneous; no disappointment no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Wm. A Batchelor’s
Hair Dye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural Brown: leavesthe haircican, soft, beautiful;
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory. 16 Bond st.. N.
Y. dlyr i> 10
Dr. Henry F. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
013 dtf
ijeti, s. Iloppin Ac Uommisson Merchants
•nd DeaDrs In Flour. Corn. Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal of a'
k nds, Fine and Coarse Feed, Linseed Oil Meal. Me
.d’anic. qtreot. Wnrcentor. MfeKs 1a29
1., ii. Hiuamond, M. D.,
HAS REMOVED TO NO. 1 MADISON ST.
Office, as heretofore. No. 10 (new number) Myrtle
street. utt nlO
Five Per Ceut« per Annum
A lowed for Money on Cail. E. A. GOODNOW.
dtf First National Rank.
l». Mcrritielil, Tuner Of the Piano Forte. Orders
are received at Wm. Mecorney’s. T. O. Block.
>yls dSAWtf
DIED
In this city. Dec 22. Laura Anna, daughter of John B
and Mary It Heywood, ag<d 14 yrs.
Funent Tuesday. Dec 26, at 1 r m, at the residence ot
her grandfather, Dr John Andrews,^! School st. Rela
tive.- and friends arc invite 1 to atteim.
In this city, Dec 24, Francis L, son of Jolin C and
Eliza Loyd, aged 1 mo 7 davs
In Oakdale. Dec 24, Charlotte, wife of J S Cutting,
aged 51 yrs 5 mos 18 days.
Funeral service- ftom her late residence. Tuesday, at
10 o’clock a M. Relatives and friends arc invited to
attend.
In Hubbardston. Dee 23, James Upham, aged 70 yrs
5 mos 8 days.
£lcto SUjbcriiscments.
]s£ U S I C HALL!
B. F. LOWELL..... Manager.
BRiLLiAirr ~K 7 rrß7Ycrioisr!
ONF NIGHT ONI.Y!
Saturday Evening, December 30th.
The Celebrated Young Character Comedian,
MR. J. K. EMMET,
Supported by a Large and Talented Dramatic
Company.
Mr. EMMET willfappcar in his great original specialty
of the GERMAN EMIGRANT, in Gaylor’s successful
Drama of
FRITZ!
Our Cousin German.
Prices as usual. Reserved Seats for sale at the Box
Office two days in advance. dtf d 25
1? XBCD T 1V E DETARTMMT,
J Uitt Hall. Boston. December 21,1871.
1 o the Honorable the Senate and the House of Reprc
sentativisof thc Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in
General Court a-sembled:
The underslgneil, in behalf of the Citv Council of
the City of Boston, respectfully petit ons for the passage
ot an Aci authorizing the city of Bostvn to take, hold
and convey to unto and through the said city.the waters
from any source within a ofstancc of titty miles of said
citv; and also to take ami hold, bv purchase or other
wise, any i.mis or real estate necessarv for laying and
maintaining aquidm is for conducting, discharging, dis.
posing ot and distributing water, and lor form ng reser
v”‘rs WAI. GASTON, Mayor.
<’omm«»iiweaith of Ma«Ma<>hiiNett«.
Secretary’s Department, 7
Boston, Dec. 22, 1871. t
I approve the publication of the above petition in the
Boston Daily Journal. Cambridge Chronicle, Ib dham
Gazette. Worcester Spv. Memorial ami Rock ot
I lymouth, Salem Gazelle and Barnstable Patriot.
•>-’5 d4«M OLIVER WARNER. Secretary.
TVOTICE IS HEREBY given; that the
•‘U’^Ttbers have been dulv appointed Administrators
ol lire KMOI.. of AHSOIJI ANTUOXY, late ot War
ci'-t' i, in t lie county ot Worcester, deceased,‘intestate
and have taken upon themselves that trust bv giving
bonds, as the law directs. All persons having demands
upon me estate pi said deceased are required to exhibit
the.-aim-: amt all persons Indebted to said estate are
called upon to make payment to
SOPHIA ANTHONY.
iber 19th, 1871. M dec?sJal^
A Lh
AM ER ICAN KEWIN G MAI HI NFS
oi r uM U I Z They are’ Simple and Durable; a
child can operate them. 1- Ini' Stitching done to order.
_ 3:i4 Mam St., Worcester.
rob (h'Mtt 1. 11. BTOCKWKU.,
IFB OF SCHU MA M ’nT'
BY WAKIELWNKI.
This charming biography of thc Mu-ter. whose fame
grows from year to year, will be received with favor by
all true Music-lovers.
It Is written by a personal friend, who had access to
she best -oitrces of information, and who has inserted a
number ot his most interesting letters, and is translated
Irom the German by Miss A. L. Alger.
Price §1.75, for which it whl be sent, post paid, to any
address.
OLIVER DITKON CO.,
48® dtf Boaton.
rpO LET—A very stylish Lower Tenement
"f 10 rooms, in a new house, elegantly fitted up with
a l the mmlern improvements, such as gas, hot and cold
water, bathroom, water closets, set wash tubs; heated
with furnace, &c. Also, very fine stable accommoda
tions if desired. Ihe above is very pleasantly located
two minutes’ walk from Main st. Rent S7OO Wl *iJ
btable. Address 11. U. 8., Post Office Box 203.
dtf
rpo UE'T UppT Floor in TayloCr
Block, 2ft ami 28 Pleasant st. Inquire of
d 25 dtt CHILDS A MANNING BROM.
\V AN'ri'-D Fancy ('a inicn- Weavers,
v v (food work and goou pay.
KITTREDGE MILLS.
Fitchburg, Moss.
FOU^l’ A BUNDLE OF STRAW
H-'' ■,t, ,|,ar kcd J. F. snow, which the owner can
have by calling at J. c. French’s Office. Buruslde Court,
and paying lor this advertisement. d3t u2fi
Jltto ^bbcrftstincnfs.
I? EPORT OF THE CONDITION of
Ik THE MILLBURY NATIONAL BANK, al Mlll
burv. In the State of Massachusetts, at the close ol
business on the 16tl> day of December, 1871.
KESOVRCES.
Lodns and .Discounts, SJ7J «-jJ2 4J
IT.l T 8. Bonds mi secure circulation, l»0,000 00
Due from Redeeming and Beseno Agents, 38,2 t, ii
Due from other National Banks, L- 6J
i ’heck" and other 'ash Items, dneluding stamps.) 1 .700 Off
Bills of other National Bank;,
Fractional Currency, (including nickels, ».i
Specie, Coin, .in
Legal Teiuhr Xotea,
Total, R 1,592 89
LIABILITIES. i.Uarfu*
Capital Stock paid In.
Surplus fund; 'W'
Discount, Exchange art l DHerest 3.450 78
Exchange, 2,42 62
National Bank Circulation outstanding, 134.000 00
Dividends unpaid, Hl’ W
Individual Deposits, 61.619 1”
Total, 1381.992 80
State of Massachirbtts. Worcester County.—
I. David Atwood, ashb r of “The Millbury National
Bank.’’ at Millbury, do solemnly swear that the above
statement is true, to the best of my knowledge and belief.
C-igned) DAVID ATWOOD. Cashier.
Sworn and subscribed lo before me, this 20th day of
December. 1871.
(Signed! IRA N. GODDARD, Notary Public.
Correct. Attest:
WM. H. HARRINGTON,)
C. D. MORSE, Directors.
HOSEA RANE,
[A cony.] dlt d 25
VV ANTED —A thoroughly competent Ma*
chlniM. to take a job of Building Iron Planers and
Upright Drills. Also, six or eight other good Machin
ists, 10 whom will be given goo-t wages arc steady em
ployment. Apply to HENRY A. STONE, W»'do
House, Monday, Dec. 25, from 12 to 2 o’clock P. M.
<125 ul t
CARD GRINDER WANTED In a('<>t
ton MIU. Apply at once to
<125 dlw* SUMNER PRA IT A
N EXPERIENCED NURSE OF house
xV keeper can be found at 14 Merrick st., upper riuht
hand bell. d3t* d 25
WANTED— An honest, capable girL to do
general housework in a small family. References
required. Apply at No. 15 Home st., right band beiL
<125 d3P
A GOOD NURSEmas befoundat Denny
st, opposite Boynton st, at
d'2* dst* MR< SANDERS.
lottin g.
JIHIS DAY
MARKED
DOWA,
OVERCOATS
REEFERS.
ALV
Heavy Woolen Goods.
For the remainder of the season, 1 shall sell all kinds
of Winter Goods at a large discount from former prices,
and close out all OIAD LOTS without regard io cost.
D. H. EAMES’
One Price Clothing House,
<’or. Main and Front Mis.
d!4 d wll
DA RTIUU LA R ATT EN T fON
IS CALLED TU ONE LOT OF
OVERCOATS
which I have this day marked to close, at
Sl.».
FORMER PRICE
This is an Indigo Blue Beaver Coat, and the best
bargain I have ever offered.
D. 11. EAMES’
One Price Clothing House
Cor. Main and Front Sts.
<ll4 dtf
grn ©oerDs.
gXTRAORDINABY BARGAIN IN
White
Blankets!
RECEIVED TO-DAY,
100 Pairs Blankets,
AT $4.00 A PAIR!
HEAVY, LARGE AXD HANDSOME!
One Dollar a Pair Less
than they could be bought for, AT WHOLESALE, in
the summer. Examine early—they will not last long.
too Pairs Silver Grey Blankets!
At Less than Manufacturers’ Prices.
J. 11. CLARKE CO.,
353 Main Street.
.IB <l3t
QREAT BARGAINS IN
Felt Skirts!
20 Dozen Ladies’ and Misses’ Seamless
Felt Skirts Just received.
PRICES #1.37’2, #1.75, #3.85, #8.75,
#«.B7S.
These Goods nover were so cheap since fl r*t introduced.
A SERVICEABLE CHRISTMAS GIFT!
J. 11. CLARKE A CO.,
<122 d’t 353 Main Nt
JJOLIDAYS
WATCHES, CLOCKS,
VANEK. SLEEVE BUTTONS,
LOCKETS, THIMBLES,
OPERA GLASSES, TEA NETS,
CAKE BASKETS, GOLI) FINN,
CHAINS, SPOON'S,
FINE NETS, STUBS,
CHARMS,
NAPKIN RINOS,
BRACELETS,
NUT PICKS,
FORKS, SPECTACLES,
Butter and Fruit Knives, &c., &c.
We havo the Finest and Largest assortment of the
above pools to Ite found in the city, and at the LOWEST
PRICES. Call and ex amine.
BENJ. GODDARD CO.,
Corner Main and Walnut Sts.,
Opp. M echiinica If nil.
<ll9 dtf
LOST —Friday evening, on Grove st., near
the wire mill, TWO CARRI AGE ROBES. Also a
BUGGY CUSHION, WHIP AND HORSE BLANKET,
'flie Under will be suitably rewarded for Ills trouble bv
returning the same or giving information to
W. I. HOWE.
<123 d3t* West Boylston.
LOST— On Main street, this foronoon, A
LADIES’GOLD BREAST PIN, inlaid with colored
enamel. The tinder will De suitably rewarded by leaving
the same at this office. d3t (1'22
rpHE UNDERSIGNED GIVE NOTICE^
A that they Intend to petition the Legislature for an
act of incorporation under the name of the Rhode lslan<l
and Massachusetts Railroad, authorizing the construc
tion ot a road from Providence to Worcester.
SAMUEL WALKER.
JONATHAN D. WHEELER.
WM. KNOWLTON.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Secretary's Department. Boston, Dec. 4,1871.
I approve the publication ot ihe above petition tn the
Worcester Spy. OLIVER WARNER,
d 5 dlsTti Secretary.
Wposr io, o. a. it.
AU Comnuleswlio wish a goo.< H' ne
requesteu to appear at
ferf HOBTIC'VLTVnAI.
Mondav Evening, Dec. 25th,.
at 7 o’clock, with their Ladles and Children.
Presents, to be placed on the Christmas Tree, must bo
brought to the Hall ub car.y in the day as possible.
Santa Claus will appear at «.30. Dancing at. 9.30.
Tickets mav be hat of the Social C’ommitt c, and of
Comrades C. W. Wilson, J. E. Dennis and D. Bovden.
Per or’er. J. B. WILLARD.
d 22 'Wt Chairman committee.
iVOIWICH anKworcesteb raiiT-
ROAD cn.
The wrbr'h Offioe. I
XoTWleh, Conn., Dec. I9’h, 1871 4
Dl VI DI ND.—The Board of Directors of this Comoa
•<v have this day declared a Dividend of 5 per oen\
free t f government, tax, payable on tbe first day of Jsn
mrv m\>. i” ’he Mvw England Trust ompany s office.
T’ Di'VonriiiD Mreri. Boston, to tbo stockholders whose
n'nncs ire on the stU' X 'ge r al thc c,oso of bu lncss n
K”l“n“ Sit TMW. r Uks will bo closed tom the
B S'n? l. tVKfrrTgro of Wt. company. The
IVOR!' ESTER ft NASHUA RAILROAD
H COMPANY.
JHVIHEND XO.
A senii-annnal Dividend of Five Dollars per share. Ired
fjom United States tax. has been declared oe the stock,
of this Company, payable on the first day ol January
next, to hokicrs bl Stock on the 23d instant.
T. W. HAMMOND, Treasurer.
Worcester, Hec. 19. dtlal <l2l
rrilE MECHANICS NATIONAL BANK
J OF WORCESrEK.
The Annual Mer tltn "I the Stockholders of
chanlce National l:«.k »l Vows'er, "111 lie held at
11n ir Banking Rooni. pn ILEBDAY, Jan. »th, IB7.,at
o'ci' ck p m for 11m E'ec'ion of Directors tor the ensn
llS.luayll,elll.i...,;„el.,T.r.jH^M|^
OITIZENS NATIONAL BASK.
The Annual Mcotlmr of the stockholder^ P< the ClO
zens National Bank of Worcester, for the Cnolce ot
tfirectors for the en-ulng year, and tbe transaWon o
any other business that may legally come beture pern,
wi 1 b hoi t at their Banking Rooms, on TLlshi*A>«
Jan. 9th, I^7’. at 12 o’clock noon.
L. W. HAMMOND. Cashier.
WorcesteriMass.* J’"' S,WtL dun d 6
THE QUINKiaAMOND NATIONAL
BANK, OF WORCESTER. _
The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Quln
sigamond National Bank, of Wo.tester, will be held at
their Banking Rooms. ou’IUESDaV. Jan. 9. 1872. at l«
o’clock a. >t.. for the election of Directors for the ensu
ing year, and I t the transaction of an/ Other businews
that may legally conic before them.
J. S. FA UN I’M. tashei.
Wmu -h r. Do 8. H7l. W
WOKCESTER COUNTY 'I.NSTfTU
TloN FOR SAVINGS.—The Trustees J J be In
stitution are notlfie I that tiiPif semi-annual meajn»< wip
be held at tbe Office ol the hlslitution on TUESDAY r
the 26th inst., at 5 o’clock r. m.
c. A. HAMILTON, Treasurer*
Dec. 12.1871. dtm
WORCESTER NATIONAL HANK.
The Annual Election of Directors will b<* Delfi oil
the Second Tuesday (9-h) of January. 1872. at 11 o Cluck
A. M.. at the Bunking House, Foster st.
JAMES P. HAMILTON, Cashier.
Worcester, Dee. A, 187 L etm d 4
mHE GRAFTON NATIONAL BANK.
The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Graf
ton National Bank of Grafton Mass., will be held at
their Banking Rooms, on TUESDAY, Jan. 9, 1872, at two
o’clock r. m., tbr the «'hoico of Directors tor the vear en
suing. anil for the transact ion of any other Imsinos that
may legally conic bclOI; them.
IWNRY F. WING, Cashier.
Grafton, Dec. 6,1871. 6tm dB
qni E B LAC’KSTON e" nation al
BANK OF UXBRIDGE.
The Stockhob’ers of this Bank are hi'Tfhv notified
th.U their llegtil ir Annual meeting ior the Section of
Directors, and transaction of any other buslnthat
may legallv come Iwfore them, will be held a* their
Banking Rooms, on TUESDAY, Jan. 9. 1872, at Iwo
<>do kr. m. E. W. HaYWABD. (’ashlers
Uxb; I.lge, Dee. 6. Js7l dtm Cl
vv hitinsville nationalTank'
“v The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the
Whitinsville Nat’l Bank, for the choice of Directors ior
the ensuing year, and the transaction ot any cdhcrbitsl
ness that may legally come before them, will l< held at
their Banking Rooms, TUESDAY. Jan. 9, 1872. Ut two
o’clock p. x. H. A. GOODELL, CasL’tor.
WhitinsTiUe. Dec. 9,1871. <lija9 di!
npHE CENTRAL NATIONAL BANK
A OF WORCESTER.
The Annual Meding of the Stockholders of the Cen
tral N iti' iial Bw>k of Worcester, will be held at their
Banking Room. <m TUESDAY. Jan. 9th. 1872. at ten
o'clock a. m., tor the Election of Directors for tbe ensu
ing year, and <or tire transaction of any other business
that may legally come before them.
i!5 dtm 11. A. MARSH, Cashier.
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
-1- WORCESTER.
Thc Annual Meeting ot the Stockholder* of the First-
National Bank of Wm-cc.-tcr, will be held at their Bank
ing Rooms, on TUESDAY. Jan. 9th. 1872. at 2 o’clock
M tor the Electionof Directors for the ensuing year,
and lor the transaction of any other business that may
lega'ly come before them geo. f. wood, Cashier.-
Worcester Dee. 5.1871. dtm d 5
qiHE MILLBURY NATIONAL BANK.
Notice is hereby given that tbe Annual Meettoe of the
Stockholders of this Bank will l«c held at their Banking
Rooms on TUE-DAY. -lan. 9, 187!. at 2 o’clock F. M., to
choose a board of directors for the ensuing year.
D. ATWOOD, ashler.
Millbury,-Dec. 21. 1871. dtm d<,3
iTATE MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE
KJ co. OF WORCESTER.
Notice is hereby given that the Afkval Meeeing of
Ihe STATE Ml TV AL LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY OP
WORCESIER, will be held at the New Office of the Com
pany ,>n WEDNESDAY, Jan. 3, 187?. at ten o’clock A.
st., tor the choice of Directors and for the transaction ol
anv other business that mav legally come before said
meeting. CLARENDON HARRIS, SeCy.
Worcester. Dec. 19.1871. dim (119
P ROVIHEMCE ANP WORCESTER
RAILROAD CO.
DIVIDEND.
A Dividend of Five per Cent, has been declared, paya
ble at the Office of the Treasurer, on and after Jan-Ist.
1872, to Stockholders of record at the close of tnisiuefS on
the 21st inst.
Transfer Book close 1 from the 21st inst. to January I.
Per order.
JOHN R. BALCH. Trtas'r.
Providence. R. I Dec. 18, 1871. dtial2
rp HE OXFORI) NATIONAL BANK.
The Annual Meeting of thc Stockholders of “The Ox
ford National Bank," of Oxford, Mass will bp held at
their Banking Rooms, on TUESDAY, Jan. 9tli. 187.’, at 2
o’clock p. M., for tbe Election of Directors lor toe year
ensuing, and for the trausact ion of any other bu'alnees
that may legally come before them.
W. OLNEY. Cashier
Oxford. Dec. 4.1871. dtm <l6
TEiOESTER NATIONAL BANK.—
The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Leices
ter National ^ank, will be held at their Banking Rooms,
on TUESD AY. the 9th day ot January. D 72, at 2 o’clock
p m for the Electicn of Directors tor the ensuing year,
and the transaction of any other business that may le
gally come before’ them.
D. E. MERRIAM, Cashier.
Leicester, Dec. 8, 1871. dtm 68^
IV ()TICE IS lIEREBY~ GiVEN~that a
1 petition will he presented to the Legislature, at the
next session, for an act to authorize the location and
construction of a Railroad from some point In the town
<>f Ashburnham, connecting with the Ashburnham
Rahroad, ami thence through the towns of Ashburnham,
West minster, Ashby. Fitchburg, Townsend. Li'Denbtn g.
Shirley, Ayer, Groton, or cither of them, to a connection
with the Mvidlescx Central Railroad. With a capital
stock not to exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars.-
C. W. BELLOWS
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Secretary’s Department, I
Boston, Dec. 2,1871-
I approve the publication of the above petition in the
Worcester Spy. OLIVER WARNER,
<ll dtf Secretary.
KO S E E DU MATIN,
OR
Bloom of Morning'.
This wonderful preparation, so long used in France anJ
but lust introduced into this country, is, perhaps, the
most exquisite article known to the ladies’toilet. For
preserving thc clearness of the complexion and the purl
ly of thc skin it has unequal Having hml many call*
tbr it by those who have used it in Europe, we were in
duced to obtain it, and have received the agency for this
city from the United States agents, and shall keep it
constantly on hand, at the LADIES' HAIR STORE, 62
Front st, Worcester. ANNA E. CLOUGH,
111 dim FANNY O. CLOUGH.
jj~E~A DQUAHTERS
FUR
CARRIAGE RAKERS' SUPPLIES,
COLWELL WINSOR’S,
N"o8. 0-4 and 06 Canal Street,
PROVIDENCE, R. I.
Agents for JONES'S WHEEL.
Agents for WARN) R’S PATENT WHEEL.
Also keep in stock a large assortment of
Spokes, Springs. Enamel Cloth.
Rims. Axles, Broadcloth,
Shafts, Bolts. Enamel Top Leather
Seals, Mall. Iron, Dasher Leather,
Bows, Circles, Trimming Leather,
Varnishes. Wagon Cushions. Buggy and Express
Bodies, Running Gears, Ac., Ac.
d 7 deop3m
gT o R’A (HF! STOK AG E
FIRST -CLASS
STORAGE!
suitable tbr every description of property, In either large
or small quantities, for which receipts will be given, and
insured when desired. Thc facilities for handling and
placing in first story or elevating to ihe different stories
above are such that any description of property oan be
stored in a suitable apartment.
Terms very reasonable. Apply to
CLARK, SAWYER CO.,
TAYLOR'S GRANITE BUILDING,
Main St., Opposite the Common.
n 29 dim
QYSTERS! OYST FR8 1! OYSTERS! 1 1
MR. WM. STORY A CO..
o* Norwich. Wholesale and Retail Dealers in Oysters,
opened and m the shell, have leased the Basement up
der J. E. PRENTICE’S MEAT MARKET, on the
Corner of Southbridge and Myrtle Sts,'
where they keen on hand Oysters of the best quality
and will furnish Dealers. Saloons. Parties. Families aha
Stage Routes ata low cash price; as thev ha’-e no whole
sale profit to pav thev can sell cheap, and they will.
Comniltte' s appointed to buy for parties will do well
by calling. Also, Oysters opened direct out of ths shell
for sick people and others at a small advance.
J. WORTHINGTON,
d 7 dtf Proprietor
TyiSS A. M. DUNTON, Tsaobbb o»
AYA Pianofobte. Applications for Lessons mav be
made at thc Music Store of r. r. Leland A Co,
d? 3 dtf