The Spy should have the eye of Arena he it
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCESTER.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER C, 18T1.
Election— Tue«dny, November 7th.
Republican Nominations.
For Governor— William B. Washburn, of
Green field.
For Lieut. Governor—. Joseph Tucker of Lenox.
Secretary 6t State—Oliver Warner of Northamp
ton.
Attorney General—Charles R. Train of Boston.
Treasurer—Charlee Adams, Jr., of North Brook
field.
Auditor—Charles Endicott of Canton.
FOR COUNCILLORS.
Third District—Milo Hildreth of Northboro.
Seventh District—Elijah B. Stoddard of Worces
ter.
FOR COUNTY OFFICERS.
Sherifl—Augustus B. K. Sprague of Worcester.
Clerk of the Courts—Joseph Mason of Worces
ter.
District Attorney—William W. Rice of Worces
ter.
County Commissioner—William O. Brown of
Fitchburg.
Special Commissioners—Silas Holman of Bolton;
Henry E. Rice of Barre.
FOR STATE*SENATORS—WORCESTER COUNTY.
Dist. I—Adin Thayer of Worcester.
Dist. 2—Samuel M. Griggs of Westboro.
Dist B—Andrew J. Bartholomew of Southbridge.
Dist. 4—Baxter D. Whitney of Winchendon.
Dist. s—George A. Torrey of Fitchburg.
FOR REPRESENTATIVES.
4th Dist—Harding Woods of Barre and Lyman
Woodward of Hubbardston
sth Dist—George E Towne and J M Kimball of
Fitchburg, and Lucien A ook of Leominster.
6th Dirt—George A Parker of Lancaster.
9th Dist—lsaac N. Ross of Holden.
10th Pist—Lewi* Barnard, John Gates and B. W.
Potter of Worcester.
11th Dist—John S. Baldwin, Joseph R. Torrey
and George P. Kendrick of Worcester.
12th Dist—George F Slocomb oi Grafton.
16th Dist—John Hopkins of Millbury, E Harris
Bowland of Oxiord and Horace 1 Joslin of Web
-Bh‘F.
17th Dist—William Upham of Spencer and L. G.
Sturtevant of Leicester.
18th Dist—W H Montague of North Brookfield
and 8 H Sibley of Warren.
The Election of Krprcwntativc*.
There is no doubt that this city, as a whole,
and each of the representative districts which it
includes, are strongly republican. All the re
publican candidates can be elected if republi
cans do their duty. It is a fact, however, which
should be understood, that the democrats hope
to carry the eleventh district, they have been
working zealously to this end; they have made
a very thorough canvass, have hundreds of new
ly naturalized voters, and have made arrange
ments to bring every man to the polls. What
ever their strength is they will make the most of
it and will, no doubt, poll a larger vote in that
district than ever before. There are, unquestion
ably, republican voters enough in the district
to defeat them; but it cannot be done by stay
ing at home. Apathy on our side opposed to
zeal and industry on theirs must have a result
that every republican would deplore. We do not
say this as a device to create a factitious interest
in the election, but as a needed warning
against a real danger. The republicans of Wor
cester, we suppose, are not ready to see the sec
ond city in the commonwealth represented in
the legislature by democrats. But if we were
willing that half our city should be reckoned as a
democratic district, we could hardly be indiffer
ent to the sacrifice or jeopardizing of important
local interests involved in a democratic success
in that district. The extension of the Gardner
railroad was defeated in the present legislature
by the tricks of an unscrupulous lobby, not
withstanding the efforts of the Worcester dele
gation in its favor. The democratic candidates
for representatives in the eleventh district, it is
undetstood, would, jf elected, oppose the exten
sion of that railroad to Winchendon. With
half the representatives from this city opposed
to it, that measure, in which this city is so
largely interested, would pretty surely be
defeated again. Worcester cannot afford to be
so misrepresented. It would be not only throw
ing away its legitimate influence, but contribut
ing directly to the defeat of a measure in whose
success it has a large interest. Our people were
justly indignant at the persistent refusal of the
legislature last spring to grant the reasonable
petition for the extension of this road. If we
ourselves send representatives who are opposed
to it, we cannot expect the legislature will re
ceive it more favorably than before. Let every
republican voter do his duty to-morrow and
elect men who will faithfully represent our po
litical opinions and our local interests.
Thomas Gates has been nominated as the dem
ocratic candidate for senator, in this district.
This nomination was effected by the managing
and controlling influence of some half dozen
men, in this city, who from selfish motives op
pose the extension of the Worcester and Gard
ner railroad .—a measure which is necessary to
secure the independent management and legiti
mate value of this railroad. The city has a
large interest in the matter, both direct and indi
rect. Not content with this, these same indi
viduals have plotted to manipulate and control
the democratic and labor reform conventions in
behalf of a desperate endeavor to secure the
election of the senator and three representatives,
all in the same interest, and all opposed to a
vital interest of the city. We trust there will
be such an uprising of the people, next Tues
day, as will convince these plotters of mischief
that Worcester is a bad field for the’.r under
ground operations.
The people of New’ York are engaged in a
most exciting struggle. The election to-morrow
has much more than a political interest. The
question to be settled is who. tier men who have
been proved guilty of every form of felony are
forever to rule and plunder the city at their will.
Mayor Hall's insolent taunt, “What are you
going to do about it?’' has called out the latent
indignation of every man who objects to being
robbed first and insulted afterwards. The taunt
has found an answer. They knew and have
proclaimed what they mean to do about it.
They mean first to defeat the thieves
at the polls so signally as to make
it plain that their political career is
over, and then pursue them in the courts
until they are compelled to disgorge their plun
der and to do the state some service in one oi
those rural mansions that have been provided
for retired felons. This is what the friends ol
honest government propose to do regularly and
peaceably. But if the city robbers should ven
ture to tamper with the ballot l>ox and defeat
the expression of the people’s will by the means
they have practised so long, then the
reformers are determined to try another
method, the last argument of peoples as
well as of kings. The regin of plundei
of political, social and moral corruption has be
come intolerable, and must be ended by force it
other methods fail. So they declare by the
mouths of men accustomed to speak deliberate
ly and weigh well their words, who know well
the awful responsibility of inciting a forcible
municipal revolution, and yet do not shrink
from it in that desperate crisis. Let us hope
there will be no need of it, but that the ballot
will supecede the necessity for the bayonet and
the bullet.
We understand that there is some opposition
to the republican candidate for senator in the
third district, growing out of personal jealous
ies, and having no basis in any reason of a pub
lic character. If such disaffection exists, the
other party oi course will take advantage of it.
There is no reason why Mr. Bartholomew
should not have the full vote of his party. We
suppose there is no doubt of his election, bu tre
publicans in the district who arc not willing that
the success of their own candidate should be en
dangered through personal pique, will do well
to make sure that no responsibility for such a re
sult rests upon themselves. It is never wise or
right to neglect political duties, trusting that
others will do theirs, and that one vote will be
unnecessary or useless. It was by means of
such indifference that affairs in New York have
reached such a desperate pass.
Richard Vandermarc k a Novel. By Mrs.
Sidney 8. Harris, author of “Rutledge," etc.
New York Charles Scribner Co. The good
to be said of this book is that it is well written,
and that some of the chapters are written with
much spirit and force. The topic is love most
extravagant and unreasonable,—and there is
not much else. It introduces the reader to a
company of men and women at a country rcsi-
who ride, play croquet, dance, and in-
dulgc envy, jealousy,| and the other passions
usually prevalent among people who know
very little while they make pretensions to much
social consequence. The hero, Richard Vander
inarch, is a man of strong character and much
common sense, in everything save a mighty
passion for a woman who has not one quality to
awaken strong and permanent passion in such
a man. The heroine is half fool and half luna
tic, but the author does not appear to know this,
fur we are required to understand that she is
wonderfully beautiful, graceful, and attractive,
although young and without experience. There
is a German tutor who playa an important part
in the story. The book is without ideas, and
hardly recognizes an honest and sensible view
of life. It is neither instructive nor wholesome.
For sale at Bigelow’s.
Mountain Adventures in various Parts of
the World, selected from the Narratives of Cele
brated Travelers. With an Introduction and
Additions! By J. T. Headly. New York: Chas,
Scribner Co. This is a new volume added to
Scribner’s series entitled “Illustrated Library oi
Wonders.” The compiler appears to have made
use of the narratives of nearly all the mountain
cl mbers who have bad extraordinary adven
tures among mountains; and the sketches here
reprinted take us to the Alps, the Andes, the Him
alayas and to the more important mountains of
nearly every continent and zone. The scenery
is described and the adventures narrated; arid
there are thrilling stories of fatal disasters and
hairsbreadth escapes. There arc forty-one illus
trations. It is an interesting and readable !>cok,
Mr. Headly's work being confined to the intro
duction which discusses mountains and moun
tain climbing, and the rest consisting of well
chosen selections. For sale at Bigelow’s.
“Atwood’s Country and Suburban
Houses," published in New York by Orange
Judd Co., will attract the attention of those
interested in house-building. It is the work of
an architect who understands that a house
should be something more than a “box.” He
describes everything connected with the con
struction of tasteful homes, and shows that
good taste is not inconsistent with economy.
There are many engravings, which show plans
and explain the details of construction. The
various kinds of wood and paint used in build
ing arc described and discussed, and there are
estimates of the cost of building such cottages
and houses as the author proposes for country
and suburban residences.
“The Land of Lorne,’’ by Robert
Buchanan, and, by permission, dedicated to the
Princess Louise, just before her marriage, has
been republished in New York, by Francis B.
Felt Co. The book is described, on the title
page, as “A Poet’s Adventures in the Scottish
Hebrides, including a cquise in the Tern to the
Outer Hebrides.” The London Spectator, which
praises the book in the highest terms, says the
author “unites in himself the inspiration of the
poet, the ardor of the philanthropist, the science
of an accomplished artist, and the experience of
a successful sportsman.’’ Weare not acquainted
with another book which tells so much of the
past and present condition of the Hebrides. It
is a duodecimo of 384 pages, and has finely exe
cuted photographs of the Princess Louise and
the Marquis of Lorne. These will attract atten
tion to it, but the book is sufficiently interesting
and valuable, in itself, to deserve attention with
out the assistance of such embellishments.
The Wisconsin Woods. —A correspondent
of the New York Tribune, writing front Little
Sturgeon, Wisconsin, gives the following ac
count of his travels through the burnt district
of that state:
Ihe roads were represented as bad, but lan
guage is incapable ol saying how bad. The
fire had come within a stone’s throw of the
hamlet, and when the scattering little popula
tion had made ready to plunge into the protect
ing shallows of the bay, the flames were whirled
off to the northward, and the town was saved.
Not so the farmhouses, farms and fences out
side. The wide-spreading track of ruin covered
the greater part of the peninsula, from Green
Bay to Lake Michigan, from the neighborhood
of Green Bay on the south to “Death’s Door’’
on the north.
The results in life-taking were not always the
same, but the track of the storm was one of
thorough destruction wherever human foot can
pass. In times past rough corduroy roads had
penetrated from the bay ports to the chief lum
ber and shingle mills, where little communities
of one hundred or more clustered together, sus
tained by the same industry. Over six miles of
burned, obliterated road, where gigantic trees
lay wrenched from their beds, torn up by the
roots and piled many feet high, the way kd to
Williamson’s mill, where sixty-two souls
breathed their last in the fiery hurricane.
Approaching the fearful spot, the evidence of
the storm and flame seem to intensify in devas
tation; monstrous trees, at least five or six feet
in circumference, lie in fragments where they
had been twisted off at a point at least twenty
feet from the ground. The others lying in win
rows presented a solid wall of intermingled
roots and earth fully fifteen feet in height.
Miles of ghastly, blackened pine cover the
parched acres, and the stout corduroy, well pro
tected by many inches of well-packed earth,
crumbles away under the hoofs of the horses.
Along these miles of desolation, here and there
are pointed out the remains of lonely wood
men’s cabins; the only marks arc crumbling
boulders and a square of white ashes where the
walls once stood. Those men that passed over
this road on the Monday alter the sudden de
struction, toiled on through devastation and
death at the rate of one mile in four hours. The
axes were kept constantly employed clearing the
way.
While the treacherous prairie winds were
blowing that obscure spark in De Kovcn street
into a bosom of destruction for the Queen city,
a wind tenfold more terrible had come up from
the southeast and fanned the smouldering fires
into one mighty wave, submerging this whole
ncninsula in a raging sea of fire and smoke.
Here, as across the bay, the forest fires had crept
on and on for weeks and months, and on the
same Sunday night came whirling over the lake
and bay counties. The whole upper end of the
peninsula is taken up in one county, Door,
which, beginning a few miles north of Green
bay, at the southern extremity of the bay, ends
at the Porte du Mortc—“Death’s Door—bn the
north.
The population is as sparse as the ground is
sterile. Curiously enough, the greater part are
Belgians, Norwegians, and Bohemians, all of
whom make superior farmers, and really they
must have some occult knack, to be able to
prosper on such unpromising acres. Altogether
there are nearly 5000 people in |Door county,
mainly congregated in continuous settlements
cut from the solid forests In the clearings the
white sails of the wind mills and the snug nick
nacks of ornamentation remind one more of a
Dutch hamlet than a wild western pioneer set
tlement.
The immigrants coming here with all the
habits of life formed, plunge at once into all the
customs of home; unlike the Yankee settler, who
seduously sets his face against doing as he did
at home until the way is clear for a perfect imi
tation or lor improvement. Hence an American
new country is rough and bustling, while these
people, here but a few days or years, present
pretty good imitations of their far-off homes.
Even in personal apparel they change slowly;
fine girls plod through the roads or toil in the
fields in coarse sack-like cloth and rough wooden
sabots. The women, generally preternaturally
wrinkled, work like oxen, and practise the ordi
nary habits of men, smoking and drinking with
infinite gusto.
They are withal a staid, grave people, excel
lent but unenterprising, ami amazingly economi
cal and thrifty. They seldom take advantage
of the school system which the Americans have
laboriously established, and grimly refuse pay
ing their proportions for such an altogether use
less luxury. With them schools come last or
never, while an American or German hamlet is
seldom found,no matter bow feeble or struggling,
without a rude school. Quite as penurious as
they are industrious, few of them can be found
without a little hoard hidden away securely for
the rainy day that is never permitted to come.
Months back, when the fires grew dangerous
through the settlements, these thrifty Belgians
and Norwegians burrowed great eaves and stored
goo< f i uul fu nnture. Dozens did this who
perished in the flames, and their cherished treas
ures now survive them.
Superstitious as they are credulous, when the
fires began to threaten they annointed their
grounds with consecrated water, and firmly re
hed on immunity for their possessions. One
honest Belgian, letcrßemsen, was rewarded for
a whimsical bit of trust: “I vasinde bois—vood
to myself ven de fire bad near my plus come
and I say to God, ‘Vot shall I do for my house? 1
and got it in my soul, ‘Gather the waters and
keep the bouse wet.’’ 4ml he did saturate every
limber of the house, and in a perfect desolation
that single homestead is standing to this day
the owner a confirmed and complacent disciple
of special providence.
The Grand Central Depot at New York
lias gone into usable order There are thirteen
tracks running into the depot, which aroused
variously lor the trains of the New York and
Harlem, the New York and New Haven, and the
New York Central and Hudson River railroads,
and are numbered from one to thirteen, com-
on the east side. At the north end is a
small office, where the director and telegraph
operator hold forth. From this office the “di
rector gives his orders for the change of switch
es, the opening and closing of the doors leading
,hc waiting room to the cars, and for the
Im m of tlc In one corner of
u P° n which are thir-
S twelve of these are number-
ed tron one to twelve, three of them are
plain, thre; lettered “X,” “Y mid
the remaining ones marked “N* Y C* 11
Re start;" “N. Y. Harlem, start “N Y
N. Haven, start; “Baggage Koom,” “Waiting
Room,’ ec. Each o these keys is connected
with a bell, or a signal disc, as the ease mar be.
hen a tram Is preparing to sui t the “director"
touches the key labeled "waiting room," and
the ttoorjpun opeop the dw to admit tim pas-
gailn Spn: Worcester, Blnnbag gjarntnej, gubember 6, 1871.
sengers to the train. Five minutes before the
train is to start he touches this key twice, and
two bells arc struck as a warning, or for “all
aboard. Two minutes before the time for start
ing, he touches the key marked “X," “Y,” or
“Z,” as the case mav be, and the engine which
has been standing outside the depot backs in to
the train and couples on. The time up, he
touches “waiting room" once, and the doors are
closed, so that they have none of that running
after cars so common at pretty much all other
depots, and by which so many lives are lost; he
then touches twice the key marked “start," for
whichever road it may chance to be, and in an
instant the train darts awav. The Harlem and
Hudson River trains already run to this depot,
and the trains of the New York and New Haven
will stop there as soon as the necessary arrange
ments can be made.
The Dnrivn anal Murrey.
Dr. Maack, the naturalist of Capt. Sellridge’s
canal expedition, gives (he following summary
of its geological results and his general conclu
sions as to the feasibility of a canal:
(1.) We have seen that the Cordillera de los
Andes commences to change its general char
acter in the province of Choco, New Granada.
While it strikes through tin* whole valley of
South America in a meridian direction, its gen
eral bearing is there in the direction of the par
allels. This strike is preserved through the
whole isthmus, and causes its curved form and
the sudden concentration of the continental
mass.
(2.) We have seen that the height of the Isth
mus mountains is much less than that of the
South American Cordillera, and that ii decreas
es, especially between Panama and Aspinwall,
where the whole orographical character of the
isthmus undergoes a great change. We saw
also that the mountainous system near the Li
mon bay, in the province of Choco, has a geo
logical character different from that of the
Tuyra and of the Chucunaque regions, in the
province of Darien, and that this again differs
from that between Panama and Aspinwall.
Consequently, the whole Isthmus-Cordillera con
sists of three mountainous systems, different
one from another.
(3.) We have seen that the Isthmus-Cordillera
does nut possess, in general, high table lands of
so large an extension as those arc which are
frequently encountered in the South American
Cordillera as well as in Cent: al America. This
is a very important fact, if webear in mind
that these high tabic lands of the western coast
alone make it possible for a white man to work
with endurance in the tropics, and to cultivate
with success all these various products which
create the tropical commerce. This orograpli
ical fact, properly understood and applied, is the
key for an explanation of a good many things
in the past history of South America, of the
isthmus, and of Central America. The history
of the two great decayed empires of the Incas
and of the Aztecs, as well as the deeds of the
adventurous Spaniards, all of whom have left
us everywhere ruins which attest their enter
prising and courageous spirit, becomes only in
telligible when we take proper account oi' the
geognostical structure of these regions.
(4.) We have learned the paleontological
proofs preserved in the tertiary strata of Tuyra
region on the Pacific slope on the one hand, and
in the tertiary deposits from Empire Station to
Monkey Hill on the Atlantic slope on the other
hand. These show us that at least two channels,
one between the Gulf of Sr. Miguel and the Gulf of
Uraba,the other between Panama and Aspinwall,
existed up to the later tertiary period, by which
both oceans mingled their waters. This fact is
important for an understanding of the geo
graphical distribution of the present vegetable
life.
(5.) We have learned that the upheaval of the
Pacific Cordillera belongs to the later eruptive
period, and that its rocks belong to the pctro
grapbical families of the trachyt and of the ba
salt; and further that the San Blas Cordillera of
the Atlantic belongs to an older geological pe
riod, and that it is composed of the older erys
taline rocks, namely, of granite, syenite, diorite.
The northern Atlantic slope was consequently
already npheaved, and in a state of tranquility
when the waters of the South sea still covered
the whole area which forms at present the Pa
cific slope. If after this we take account of the
constant disintegrating effect of the north
eastern trade-wind saturated with the moisture
of the Caribbean sea, we will understand how it
was possible that the rocks of the Atlantic slope
could be so greatly decomposed and furnish bye
and-bye the material of a fertile soil which had
the power to produce a most gorgeous vegeta
tion.
The general result of Dr. Maack’s observations
in relation to the feasibility of the canal are sum
marized as follows:
Although the construction, of an inter-oceanic
canal is specially an engineering work, never
theless it may not be out of the way if I, as a
naturalist, sum up in a few words the advan
tages and disadvantages which nature has given
to each of those lines for an inter-oceanic con
nection.
(1.) We have learned that the Isthmus-Cordil
lera has not at any place such a low depression
as to dispense with cither a very deep cut, a tun
nel, or many locks; either the’ one or the other
must be applied in carrying out this enormous
work.
(2.) We have learned that the geology, the
hydrography and meteorology of the isthmus
are of a peculiar character, and differ from the
geology, the hydrograph'- and the meteorology of
North and South America. This region niust
therefore be looked upon from its own point of
view. The long rainy season, with its freshet
and with the sudden rise of the rivers, is an im
portant fact to consider generally for all practi
cal enterprises in that country, and especially
for an inter-occaniccanal junction; but it is no
less important to consider the excessive evapor
ation of the river water during the dry season,
the consequence of which is the want of water
at the summit in that season.
(3.) We have learned that all the rocks of
the isthmus arc for the most part in a state of
disintegration, and that they have changed in
consequence of the decomposing influence of
the air and of the rain more or less their tine
natural character. But as the water flows dur
ing the rainy season almost day for day, some
times even with powerful rapidity, over these
disintegrated rocks, smaller and larger parts of
them are swept away down into the river, which
carries them again further on, till they sink
finally to the bottom and form those hinderin'’-
bars at the mouth of the. river.
(4.) We have learned that the gulf of Darien
del Norte, or Uraba, on the Atlantic side, is one
oi the finest harbors in the world, free from
reefs, hurricanes and gales; further, that the
A era to, beyond its bars, is navigable for the
largest vessels up the mouth of Napipi, with a
depth of five fathoms; that the distance from
there to the Pacific coast is 32 miles, about 24 of
which run through a flat country, very gradual
ly rising, which reaches in the next four miles
the height of some hundred feet, and finally
upon the divide 612 feet. After having
passed the divide wc come in a very short time
to the Pacific, where we find a good and healthy
harbor in the Limon bay, free from all reefs and
bars. Wood and stone for building purposes are
found on the spot.
(5 We have learned that the lowest depres
sion between the Gulf of St. Miguel and the
Atrato is 763 feet, and that the Tuvra region
possesses far more didieulties and obstacles for
the construction of the inter-oceanic canal than
the Napipi line.
(6 We have learned that the summit eleva
tion between Panama and Aspinwall is the low
est in the whole isthmus, viz., 287 feet, which is
known up to the present time; but’we have
learned, too, that neither Panama nor Aspin
wall possess such harbors as would be needed in
ease of the construction of an inter-oceanic ca
nal. Comparing the natural healthfulness of
tins region with that of the Napipi, I must <qve
preference decidedly to the Napipi country
The surroundings of the Limon bay offer indeed
large areas of the most healthy situation for all
kinds of dwellings, and I must confess, after all
that 1 have seen on the Atlantic as well as on
the Pacific, that no other place possesses such
an area which would be so well suited for dwel
lings of thousandsand thousands of people who
would have to work for many years in a humid
tropical climate, exposed to al! Linds of priva
tion and hardships. I should think that the
natural health-condition ofa place is at the isth
mus of far greater consequence than anywhere
else, especially if such a large number of work
ing-men have to live together in a wet and hu
mid climate of the tropical zone, for so Ion"- a
time as the construction of an inter-oceanic ca
nal must require.
All the most difficult work of the Napipi line
lies near the Pacific; this would be, of course,
of great importance for thm transportation of
the different machinery, which could lie brought
alter its debarkation, without great trouble, im
mediately to the spot where the work Ims to be
done. Here the question arises, is a tunnel of
lour miles m length practicable for an inter
oceanic canal junction or not? To decide this
is tlie business of competent engineers. 1 for
my part, can only say, after what I know of the
petrographieal character of the rock, that no
obstacles exist to a tunnel through the dividing
ridge. Hat it is impossible to male any certain
statement whether the tunnelled rock will be
able to sustain itself or if arches will be needed
Another question will be decided upon by the
engineering world: Is it absolutely necessarv to
make a tunnel there, or have we not at present
means enough at hand to lift by machinerv up
the divide that quanity of water winch would be
needed to set a ship afloat and to brim' it over
the dividing ridge? We arc able at present to
bring without tunnels a thousand tons’ load by
locomotives over the Rocky Mountains, over the
Alleghenies, over the Sierra Nevada, etc., and
should it not be practicable to applv tnachinerv
Upon the same principle to a ship? Mv con
clusion is, therefore, that according to what 1
have seen of the isthmus, the Gulf of Darien,
the Atrato, the Napipi and Limon bay possess
the greatest natural advantages for an inter
oceanic canal junction.
,1% T alls an<l Conway railroad is com
pietut lo Madison, six miles beyond West Ossi-
ETrnS tllC flrst l »ger train between those
stat ons was run on Saturday, convey ing a part
of the fillers ol the road, who are on a tour of
inspection, and a large patty of invited guests.
Abbott will sell twenty head of other
personal property, for J. N. Jacobs, three miles
from the court house, this afternoon at one o'clock.
W. 11. Whipple has just started the produce busi
ness, at the corner of Front street and Bigelow
court. He has some choice tubs of butter.
Prof. Mac, the conqueror of rheumatism, &c., will
be at the Lincoln house on Tuesday, 7th inst., for
only three days, positively. Consultation free; pro
cure a circular.
Nice Cabbages, cheap, by 100 or 1,000, if ordered
Immediately, Wiuiak H, Eautv. 80. 1 Sunny.
Side.
Kcpublicnn Knliytng Committees.
At a meeting of the republican city committee on
Saturday, the following named persons were desig
nated as rallying committees for the several wards.
They are requested to meet at republican headqur
ters, 442 Main street, tl is, Monday, evening; also, to
be present at their several voting places on Tuesday
morning, at the opening of the polls.
Ward I.—Geo S Hoppin. C E Stevens, JLBur*
bank, James S Rogers, Geo A Gatos, T J Hastings,
L I’ Goddard, Emery Gates, John Lvnam, Janies E
Green, A Warren, Geo Sumner, David M Wood
ward, Geo F Thompson, David Boyden, J D Dan
iels.
Ward 2.—R M Gould, Wm Allen, 2d, David F
Pond, Silas J Brimliall, Goo AV Paul, Alfred Par
ker, Wm T Harlow, Wm;Brown. J HJankins, Geo
It Stearns, S A Porter, L H Wells, Geo AV’ Gale.
Ward 3—Thomas Harrington, 8 G Curtis, D
W Bemis, H W Bigelow, James Draper, George
E Smith. Henry C Willson, John O Otis, Geo S
Battelle, Gilbert J Rugg, Samuel D Waite, R H
Chamberlain.
Ward 4—-George P Kendrick, A V Newton, Geo
II Sibley, Holland P Evans, Charles W Moody, C
H Carpenter, George W Norcross, 11 II Houghton,
Dr J G Park.
Ward s—Caleb Colvin, A P Butler, Albert New
bury, Maj O L Ilalch, Wm P Barton, D W Haskins,
D l) Perry, John A Tatman, Wm G Grout, N F
Perry, E 8 Pike.
WardM C French, J W Jordan, C L Hooding,
Osgood Plummer, Chas A Hardy, John A Prince,
J B Knox, II J Howland, J Stewart Brown, PA
Thompson, Loam mi Harrington, Jeremiah Whit
comb, C B Robbins, N H Chandler, Robt H John
son, Adin Tolman, H S Whittemore, F O Bushnell,
Danforth Harris, Lorin Foskett, George M Wood
ward, Alzirus Brown.
Ward 7—A G Walker, C N Hair, Edwin Ames,
J P Houghton, Wm G Maynard. Wm Underwood,
E T Marble, John S Bond, C L Hartshorn, O B
Had wen, A G Coes, Jones E Estabrook, John D
Lovell,Geo Ham, George R Kennedy, Edwin F Tem
pleton, C F Allen, C harles Ballard, Charles A
Goddard, J O Bemis, J A Titus, John 8 Baldwin,
Col A A Goodell.
Ward S—Vote Distribnt are—David Manning,
George A Brown, Geo L Newton, T L Johnson,
Addison Palmer,Woodbury C Smith,J D Washburn,
Henry Bacon, H C Rice, J S Farnum.
Rallying Committee -Gerry Hutchinson, W H
Hathorne, Geo S Barton, Charles A Chase, H F
Bishop, J Marcus Rice, G Parker, E P Halsted,
E H Towne, E E Abbott,Ephraim Chamberlain, O F
Rawson.
latest r.xA.r&M.K’TB.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New York. Nov. 4.—The statement of the banks for
the week is the best for several months, the special in
fluence on this occasion being the disbursements of
treasury interest, which enabled the banks to gain over
<2.000,000 in specie, while they have been further assist
ed in the item of legal tenders by a gain of nearly <2.-
000,000, the explanation of which is not so easy, .still
the actual gain in reserve is over 54.000.U00. The exact
changes since last week are as follows: Increase in
loans, <512,380; increase in specie. <2,280,800; increase
in legal tenders. <1.901.700; increase in deposits, <4.085.-
200: decrease in circulation, <267,800.
The gold market was strong and rather more active,
the price advancing from 11 i to 112, the tinner feeling
being due to lower prices in London. For cash gold the
average rate was 1 2 per ccni tor carrying. The gross
clearances (were <41,000,000, and the specie shipment
<250,000,
Money was easy at 6 7 per cent, and became even
easier at the close, when large amounts were offered at 5
per cent.
In the s'ate bonds there was a sharp rally In the new
South Carolinas. July issues, which advanced to 3“, on
the publication ofa card by the governor and treasurer
ot the State, asserting in positive terms that the interest
wili be paid promptly.
Government bonds were lower, and closed steady, as
follows:
United States 5-20's. 1862, coupons Ill’s
48tJ5, Ill’s
1867, 113 K
10-40 s 109 M
United States currency bs HIM
The market on the stock exchange has been intensely
dull, with prices generally steady. Those who had ah
early intimation of Hie character of the bank statement,
bought quite confidently early in the afternoon, and a
spasmodic activity set in, prices running up U (a) per
cent. Tne actual publication of the bank statement,
however, was received with utter apathy, and prices
again fell oil. Stocks close as follows
£4. Y. ceatrsi Hudson River consol’d, 90%
do do do do scrip 85K
Erie railroad 29H
Reading railroad
Lake Shore Michigan Southern hit 100 M
Claveland and Pittsburg railroad 124 H
Chicago and Northwestern railroad 60
do do preferred 89 K
Chicago and Rock island railroad 101 M
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 97
Pacific Mail Steamship company. 46%
Milwaukee and st. Paul railroad 5754
do do pref 77 n
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 38M
■’•oteuo ano Wahaan railroad 695 s
Western Union Telegraph company 62 H
Union Pacific railroad slock 2454
Columbus,Cincinnati A Ind. Central R R ....18
BOSTON STOCK SALES-Nov. 4.
<16.000 Hartford ana Erie railroad 7s, new 25@25M
<2.000 Cliicagoolty 7s, sewerage >‘4h
<5.000 Boston city ss. 1882, gold 99?«
<IO.OOO Charlestown City 6s, 1891 99S
<5,000 old Colony ami Newport R R 7s, 1877 102
<5.000 Western railroad 6s. 1875 98
<4,000 Eastern railroad 6s. Isku
<2,000 Cin. Sandusky and Cleveland RR 7s, 1890 81
<5,U00 Vt. Ctl. A Vt. A Ca. R R Bs,
<6.000 Vermont Central railroad Istmort. 7s. ..S3X&B4
6 Boston and Maine railroad 143 h
4 Chicago, Burlington and Quincy R R 130
33 Eastern railroad
85 Michigan Centra: railroad 117h^,1174'
16 Northern railroad 112
8 Old Colony and Newport railroad ’O3
200 Burlington Missouri River RR rights 60fc6’M
1 Boston amt Lowell railroad 137
200 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad 7X
.•>0 Ogdensburg Lake Champlain RR 86X
4» Boston and Albany railroad, ex div 146\(514 >X
50 Eastern railroad. M.ll
50 Portland. Saco and Portsmouth railroad 130 M
100 Norwich and Worcester railroad 115’4®,116
10 Hamilton Woolen company 2’25
13 Bales Manufacturing Co..' H3M
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
Chicago, Nov. 4.—Wheat dull ami declined V 51c;
No 1 spring <1.21 No 2 <l.lß IJ8S:; No 3 111M@
1,12; seller last half of the month at <1,19 1,19 k; sell
er December <l,2o'i 1.20k' Coin unsettle!; No 2
mixed 47kc; rejected 44 44kc; seller tirst half of the
month 45k 45He. Rye dull and lower; No 1 at7Bkc;
rejected 50@ 51c. Oats in demand; No 2at3okc; re
iected 27 z7kc. Barley dull and unchanged. Fork
firm at <12,85 13; seller December <12,75 <12,82 k
seller January <13,82k 14; February <13,15 13,25;
March 513.37 M. Lard steady al B’*c. Meats unchanged.
Whiskey dull and lower atßsc Live hogs unchanged.
Receipts—7ooo bbls flour. 60.000 bush wheat. 102JMW |t>ush
corn, 6.000 bush oats, 43.000 bush barley, 18,000 bush ive.
Shipments- 4000 bbls flour. 66.000 bush wheat, 138,000
bush corn, 34,000 bush oats, 108,009 bush barley, 3,000 bu»h
Cincinnati, Nov. 4.—Pork—advance asked; <12,50
offered. Lard unchanged. Bulk meats firm; clear rib
sides and clear shies 7c. Bacon firm; shoulders 7kc;
sides Bc. Live hogs steady at S 4 4,2s—receipts '22oo
head. Whiskey steady; sales at bßc._
New Orleans, Nov. 4—Cotton’ quiet; middlings at
18®,18kc.
The season for coughs and colds is rapidly approaching,
and every om* should be prepared to check the first
symptoms, as a cougli contracted between now and
Christinas frequently lasts all winter. There is no belter
remedy than “Johnson's Anodyne Liniment." For all
diseases of the throat and lungs, it should be used inter
nally and externally.
Li ng Fever, common cold, catarrhal fever, and nasal
discharge ot a brownish color in horses, may be checked
at once by liberal use of Sheridan's Cacatry Condition
Powders.
sweet Sixteen.—ls you wish to look young, as well
as beautiful, use Hagan’s Magnolia Balm upon your
face, neck and hands, ani Lyon’s Celebrated Kathairon
upon your hair. The Balm makes your complexion
natural, transparent and lively. It removes Freckles,
Pimples, Moth-patches. Ac., and instead ot a red rustic
face, you have the marble purity of a city belle. It gives
to middle age the bloom of youth. Add to this a luxuri
ant head of hair, produced by Lyon’s Kathairon, and a
lady has done her happiest thing in the way of adorn
ment. It is the best Dressing in the world, and prevents
the hair from falling out and turning gray. Sold by all
Druggists. deopAwlm 020
Serial Motuts.
To the Voters of the llth District.
Worcester. Nov. 6th, 1871.
It having r.-pre-en'ei that i had withdrawn my
name from the Caucus held m Horticultural Hall last
r riday evening to nominate representatives to the Gen
eral Court. and furthermore, that 1 intended to run an
independent ticket on election day, I take this oppor
tunity to state that both assertions are th Ise, and were
circulated by some malicious persons to defeat my nom
ination. I hereby announce that I will abide by the
result ot the caucus, and give my earnest support to the
Democratic candidates of the llth District. Sincerely
hoping that all my friends will do likewise, 1 remain
Yours truly,
nb dlt MAURICE A. POWER.
Imineuae Force* of Human Life.
The amount of heat force which is produced annually
in the body of an adult man, is sufficient to raise nearly
30,000 pounds of water from the freezing point to the
boiling point. Mechanical force is also produced. Every
year the heart contraci sand dilates 40,000,009 times, each
time witli a force estimated as equal to the pressure of 13
pounds—thousands of tons of blood being thus annually
driven through the circulatory system. Nor are these
involuntary actions all. Force is generated as well for a
thousand forms of voluntary action. Thus a healthy
adoring man is estimated to be able to exert a force
equal to raising the weight of his body through 10.000
feet in a day. In strict correspondence to this outcome
Of force is the internal change in the various tissues,
which accompanies it. The living body has been com
pared to a waterfall. While its apparent form remains
unchanged, its constituent particles are in a state of
swift, unceasing transition. The joint result of the con
tinual ingoing current through the stomach, etc., etc.,
and of the corresponding outgoing current through the
kidneys, etc., etc is, that the whole human body is com
plctely renovated in the (space of about a month. Now
the great motor principle In this unceasing flux—which
is the measure of health and the very essence of life—is
the digestive faculty. If the reader falls in the full pos
session of this faculty, and falls consequently in the full
possession of health and of life, let him try Dr. Gottlieb
Fisch’s Bitters. Let him take a wine-glass full before
and after each meal, lie will very soon experience re
deoplw n g
Puteutv Secure*].
and Foreign Patents procured;
Intcrßiences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE.
Transfers U f Kights and r«i™t attended to,by
Ot nc. w W
dtf
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. E A. GOODNOW
<it. First National Bank.
L. Merrifield, Tuner of the Piano Forte. Orders
are received at W m. Mecorney’s, P. o. Block
jy!s dS.tWU
Br. Henry F. Clark,
Office comer Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
013 dtf
Wanted—A Lady to keep book*. Address P. o. Box
1149, Worcester. d3t U 4
Worcester Uui Light Company.
n COKE.
This Cheap AKo most Desirable Fuel for Manufac
inhh Family use. is now offered to the
Prices ,U tomtit, al the following Reduced
One Chaldron of 36 bushels as isi
One Half do. 18 250
bUf5iS" anUtie iC B thttn WfC Mdron,w'c«rt» per
“nd orders forltsdelivery will
c,™, p a„y, Sc. u Bunk
Worcester Five Cents Navi ng a Rank.
OFFICE, NO. OB MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business day. from nine o'clock
in the morning to five o'clock In the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received, and put upon interest on the first of everp
month.
Dividends of Interest arc made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest *um entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
lain. CLARENDON HARRIS,
Jv9 dtf Treasurer.
People's SavingH Rank,
452 MAIN ST.
Rcposils Nov. I,*ll •3,049,«85 88.
Deposits arc put on Interest on the first day of every
month.
The net profits are dh hied semi-annually, In February
and August.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank is open
from 6 to 8 o’clock Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Trcas.
Worcester. Nov. 2.1871. dAwtf n 2
Worcester County Institution for Savings
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1823.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each mouth
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 84,505,845 00.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK, President,
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
The Worcester Mechanics Savings lluuh
Us CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon interest on the Fifteenth day o?
Itch month.
Semi-annual Dividends in January and July.
HARRISON BUSS President.
H. Woodward, Troas'r.
deci dawtf
Dry Goods Rills
MUST BE PAID!
Our customers who have Quarterly Bills due Oct. Ist,
are requested to
Fay at our Desk,
without further notice.
Sinking Fast.
Pale, miserable, discouraged, without relish for food
without energy enough for exertion, yet with no acute
pain, or other specific indication of disease, how often do
we see feeble Invalids lading as it were out of life without
any apparent cause. We say of them that they are
“sinking fast,’’ or “sinking gradually,” as the case may
be. But there is no good reason why they should sink at
all. Per-ons in this dead-alive state simply want invig
crating ami vitalizing. Nature, in a state of toipor, de
mands help. Bring out the reserve of vitality in the
system, brace ihe nerves; tone the stomach, break up
the morbid trance of body’ and mind with a course of
Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters. It can be done. It has
been done in thousands of instances. The effect upon
the enervated frame is electric. Neverfelve up, however
languid and broken down. Remember that for the ex
hausted, the debilitated, the desponding, this powerful
vegetable restorative is a genuine elixir. It Is not a mere
stimulant that provokes a transient flash of vigor in the
system, and then leaves it in a more depressed condition
than before. It removes the causes of debility by alter
ing the secretions, and regulating the action of the In
ternal organs, as well as re-enforcing them. It is a par
ticularly valuable medicine at this season, because it is
an antidote to the malaria which produces Intermittent
fever, bilious colic and other disorders of the bowels
prevalent in the fall. dAwlw n 2
The Cause and Cure of Consumption*
The primary cause of Consumption is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. By assimilat ion I mean
that process by which the nutriment of the food is con
verted into blood, and thence into the solids ot the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the slight
est predisposition to pulmonary disease, or if they lake
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs in some of its forms, and I hold that it will be
impossible to cure any case of Consumption without
first restoring good digestion and healthy assimilation.
The very first thing to be done is to cleanse the stomach
and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform their
functions, an t then rouse up and rettore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and best
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse
the stomach and bowels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in tlie whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse it up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck’s Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
the stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, and
the appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lacteals are
weak, and requiring strength and support. It Is in a
condition like tills that Schenck’s Seaweed Tome proves
to be Hie most valuable remedy ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize all excess of acid,
making Hie stomach sweet and fresh; it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, and prepare the system for the first
process of a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
he ilthly, living blood. After this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most cases of Consumption is the
free, and persevering use of Schenck’s Pulmonic Sprup.
The Pulmonic syrup nourishes the system, punfies ihe
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There it ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to expel ail the diseased
matter in the form of free expectoration, when once
it ripens. It is then, by the great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers
and cavities arc healed np sound, and my patient is
cured.
The essential thing to be done m curing consumption
is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion, so that
the body will grow in flesh and get strong. If a person
has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess there, the cavity
cannot heal, the matter cannot ripen, so long as the sys
tem is below par. What is necessary to cure is a new
order of things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
body to grow in flesh anti get fat; then nature is helped
the cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and be
thrown oft’ in large quantities, ami the person regain
health and strength. This is the true and only plan to
cure Consumption, and if a person is ver v bad, if the
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even If one lung is
entirely gone, iftheer is enough vitality left in the other
to heal up. there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with only one sound
lung, live and enjoy hie to a good old age. This is what
Schenck’s 111edicir.es will do toeure Consumption. They
will clean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it,
get up a good digestion, and give nature the assistance
.-he needs to clear the system of all the disease that is in
the lungs, whatever the form may be.
it is important that, while udng Schenck’s medicines
care should be exercised not to take cold; keep in doors
in cool and damp weather; avoid night air and take out
door exercise only in genial and warm sunshine.
1 wish it distinctly understood that when 1 recommend
a patient 10 be careful in regard to taking cold while
using my medicines, Ido so for a special reason. A man
who has but partially recovered from the effects of a bad
cold is tar more liable to a relapse than one who has been
entirely cured, an lit is precisely the same In regard to
Consumpt ion, so long as the lungs are not penectly
healed, just KO long is there imminent danger of a full
return of the disease. Hence it is that Iso strenuously
caution pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant Con
fit med consumptives’ lungs are a mass of sores, which
the least change of atmosphere will inflame. The grand
secret ot my success with my medicines consists in my
ability to subdue Inflammation instead of provoking it
as many of the tacult v do. An inflamed lung cannot
with safety to the patient be exposed to the biting blasts
ot winter or the chilling winds of spring or autumn It
should be carcftilly shielded from all irritating influences
The utmost caution should be observed in this particular
as without it a cure under almost any circumstances is an
impossibility.
Ihe person should be kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and all the medicines continued until the body
has restored to ft the natural quantity of flesh and
strength
I was myself cured by this treatment of the worst kind
ot Consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty
these many years, with one lung mostly gone. 1 have
cured thousands since, and very many have been cured
bv this treatment whom 1 have never seen.
About the first of October 1 expect to take possesion
of my new building at the northeast cornerof sixth and
Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies, go that a
person in any part ot the world can be readily cured bv a
strict observance of tl»e same.
K Philadelphia.
GEORGE C. GOODWIN CO., Agents, Boston.
deoptf
No More Wet Feet.
CABLE SCREW WI R E
AS A FASTENING FOK BOOTS AND SHOES
is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides furnishing the most durable, pliable and
economical boot ever offered the public, it affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than ever before made of the same materials.
Dealers sell Cable Screw Wired Goods.
Stamp on all. deopHw o 2
BnUheloi’H Hair Dye .-Tills superb Hair Dre
is theW <n fMe feor/J—perfectly harmless, reliable aiid
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. she genuine Win. A. Batchelor’s
Hair Dye produces immediaMv a splendid Black or
Natural Brown leaves the hair clean, soil, beautiful;
nnnn.’i ot STi S i Mn iK P ‘f ic le of lead or any injurious coin
pound, hold by all Druggists. Factory, 16 Bond st.. N.
<H.vr |ylO
ben *V PerriiiM* Mance,
pronounced by connoisseurs “THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE.”
It Improves annctite and digestion, and it Is unrivaled
for its flavor, Weare directed by Messrs. Lea A Per-
Mutbaws db utiumberiuin,
PLUMBERS.
Corner Waldo and Exchange Sts., Worcester. Mass.
Bath Tubs and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowls
Wub Trays, Sink, 4c 4e„Btted up at .bort nolle.,
tn a thorough manner. dtf jyg
Indexkai Silver Soap j
•/a Commlsson Merchants
ci nod r£iw o°l 'bo™,
JOttg 8. CLARK 0S
M i* j
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receives Monep or. Deposit subject to Check at Night
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATE OF
FOUR PER CE-NT. PER ANNUM.
€n,,,oMa tn Burglar Proof Cases, to whicb
the Reuter alone lias access, are offered to the public for
rent. at. prices varying from <ls to <75 each per annum.
ls Pty•'/ Security ayainst Fire or Bury 'arsfot
depositing Valuab.es ot all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages, Willa, Deeds. Jewelry, Silver Piste.
Ac., received at very low ratee. for which r t( eipts are
given.
Tbo Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes ar.
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 a. m.
and a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 p. n.
UH dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Sec’y
Awfu 1 «e ft aT?
The rout is complete! The last hope of the parties
who have been getting up Scalp Poisons to compete
with
Ci'iNtu<l<»i-o*H Excelsior Dye
is lost, lost, lost I Still, it towers over all rivals, new and
old. Still. It remains the Standard Hair Die of the
Country. Still, tens of thousands of heads that once
showed the white flag,
CARRY CRISTADORO’S COLORS,
and ihe course of the dye of dyes is ever upward and on
ward. So much for excellence, wholesomencss, and a
true reproduction of Nature’s tints. As a dressing after
dyeing, use
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
n 3 deopAweowlm
Dr. G. F. llai-wood.
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
dSin
Dr G. 11.
DENTIST,:
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
d3m
Dr. ark has removed to City Hospital, corner ot
Frout and Church streets. nldlm*
A Co Commisson Merchants
and Dealers In Flour. Corn. Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal ot al
kinds, Fine and Coarse Feed, Linseed Oil Meal. Me
chanle strnet. tWorcontwr. M»m <ttf 1*29
Dr. F. Morrill, No. 3 Bullluch Boston, Ma-s.
onsult Inin in all cases; he is the oldest and most ex
perienced specialist in Boston—thirty-three years’ prac
tice. See his Pocket Medical Adviser. Price 25 cents
Send for it. deopAwtf 05
MARRIED
11l this city. Nov 3, bv Rev C N Smith, Hiram E Walker
to Mary E Owen, both of Worcester.
DI F D
In this city, Nov 4. Frankie 11. infant son of F Sand
Sarah M Pratt.|
Jlcto
ft MONT ACUTE LODGE, F. &A. M.
Annual Communication .will be held at
JF Mason.c Hall, THIS (Monday) EVENING,
Nov. 6th. 1871, at 7S o’clock.
n 6 dlt 11. I>. BARBER, Sec’y.
YCE U M L EG T U R E S
rsr OBSERVE THE DATES.
MARK TWAIN, Thursday, Nov. 9.
Subleet:—“Some Uncommon place People I have
Chanced to Meet.”
Rev. HENRY WARD BEECHER,
Monday. Nov. 13.
Hon. WILLIAM PARSONS, Thursday, Nov. 23.
Rev. CHARLES G. AMES, Monday, Dec. 4.
GEO. WM. CURTIS, Friday, Dec. 8.
Rev. EDWARD E. HALE, Thursday, Dec. 21.
Prof. J. W. CHURCHILL, Thursday, Jan. 4.
SEASON TICKETS, with reserved seats, to this
‘star” course, <1.50 each, mav be obtained at the Book
stores 01 L. H. BIGELOW and SANFORD CO.
EVENING TICKETS, 25 cents each, lor sale at the
Bookstores and at the hall.
Card to the Public.
It will be observed that Rev. Mr. BEECHER, (whose
date was not fixed in previous announcements,) will
lecture on Monday Evening of next week.
Rev. CHARLES G. AMES, being compelled to return
to California early next month, will lecture on Monday
Evening, Dec. 4, instead ot the date given upon the
tickets.
Doors open at quarter of 7—Lectures at 7« o’clock.
_n< «!4t
OLOS IN G OU T SALE
of
FURNITURE,
BEDDING, &e„
AT
LINCOLN HOUSE BLOCK.
We shall commence our Sale
Wednesday Aftiqnoon, at 2 o'clock,
NOVEMBER bth.
Thlswil be the Largest Lol of Furniture, &c., ever
ofi'ered m this city.
CHAMBER SUITS, IN WALNUT AND PAINTED.
PARLOR SUITS,
In Hair Cloth, Plain and Striped Terry.
OIMNG ROOM CHAIRS,
Cane and Upholstered Scats.
SIDEBOARDS AND TABLES.
HALL CHAIRS, FAXCY CHAIRS.
CANE AND WOOD SEAT OFFICE
CHAIRS, Ar., Ac.
WHATXOTS, DESKS, and
FANCY TAREES.
MIRRORS, MATTRASSES,
PIEEOWS AND COMFORTERS.
Also, large Lot
Shades and Lace Curtains.
Many of these goods are our best, and are offered
in this sale, to close Stock from our old store.
Entrance, Maple street, first door from Main.
TERMS CASH.
JOHN D. CIIOLL4R.
B. W. ABBOTT, Anet’r.
n 6 dtf
ELASTIC SPONGE
MATTRESSES,
PILLOWS,
PEW CUSHIONS,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THEJALE OR POUND.
We invite the public to call and examine our “Elastic
sponge goods, which wc are now selling in large quan
tities, and which are giving great satisfaction.
Sponge makes a softer Mattress than Hair, and will
hohl its elasticity much longer. For Cushioning
Churches, Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse Cars, it
will be found the best article in use, and is warranted
proof against moths.
We should be pleasvd to send Circular of reference to
any who desire.
HALEY, MORSE CO.,
SOLE AGENTS FOR N. E. STATES.
•dll Washington Street, Boston..
nG d4w
MA RI 0 N
U. S. WATCH CO. (GILES, WALES CO.)
WATCHES I
Best in the world. Ask your Jeweller to see them.
For Mule by ul! First-class Dealers.
Wholesale Rooms,
GILES, WALES A CO., 1.3 Maiden Lane, New York.
n 8 dßw
AMERICAN SEWING MACHINES
are fuHy warranted. They are’ Simple and Durable; a
child can operate them. Fine Stitching done to order.
-,334 Main St., Worcester.
_ _ H. STOCKWELL.
SITUATION WANTED—As second girl,
d 0 en ral housework. Apply at No. 161 Me
vnamcst.
Jlclv
O. L. HATCH
Has Removed from
HO. 11 TO NO. 17 CROMPTON'S BLOCK.
Two doors East, corner of Mechanic street and Norwich
and Worcester R. R. track, to the store formerly occu
pied by the St. Louis Flour Co.
O. L. HATCH,
17 Mechanic Street.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR
From $9 to 510.30 per Barrel.
Cl?" Every barrel U warranted.
JAMES S. WIII.CII, F. F. F. G.,
JOA KS A CO., DELHI,
SNOW FLAKE, EMERALD,
LILY WHITE, Ac., Ac.
Also, 500 Barrels of choice hand-picked
WINTER APPLES,
APPLES, APPLES.
uhnT’’ Call and see them.
O. L. HATCH,
17 Mechanic St Crompton’s Block.
_n6 dtf
IVOKCESI’EK NASHUA RAILROAD
COMPANY.
SPECIAL MEETING.
A Special Meeting of the Stockholders of this Com
pany will be held at the Hall of the Natural History
Society, in Hie City of Worcester, on SATURDAY', the
eleventh day ot November instant, at ten o’clock in the
forenoon, for the following purposes
To see If the Stockholde s will authorize the Directors
to unite with the Fitchbuig Railroad Company m taking
a Lease ot the contemplated Lancaster lUilroad, under
Statutes 1871, Chapter 130.
Article 2. To see if the stockholders will accept of an
Act of the Legislature of Massachusetts, approved M ty
5. 1871, entitled “An Act to authorize the VVorcesler and
Nashua Railroad Company to hire the road of the Nashua
and Rochester Railroad Company.”
Articles. To see if the stockholders will authorize
the directors to hire or take a lease of the contemplated
Nashua and Rochester Railroad, in the state of New
Hampshire, for a term of years.
By order of the Directors.
T w Hammond, Clerk.
Worcester, Nov. 4,1871. dlw d«
jljow IS YOLTRTIME TO SECURE A
WALNUT CHAMBER STITE!
and make your selection from twenty-five or more <llf
terent styles, all thorough miule ani warranted, at man
ufacturers wholesale prices, for cash or saiislactory
pa]ter, or for a reasonable profit, payment may be made
by installments. Any party going to Boston for such
goods is not posted. Come in and examine our slock
and prices, after looking elsewhere.
H. W. DENNY CO
Real and personal estate at
AUCTION.—WiII be sold at public auction, on the
premises In Sterling Centre, on SATURDAY, Nov. 11,
1871, at 9o'clock a. m., the House and Lot. formerly the
homestead of the late Samuel Houghion. Esq. The
house is well situated near the village, on the westerly
side ot the Worcester road, facing the southeast, is about
43 x 36 teet on the ground two stories high, with an L;
wagon-house, barn 30 x 40, shed and wood-house, a’l
thoroughly built, and In complete repair. Alsu, the
••Newhall Hill Lot," so called, containing about 8 acres
ot excellent lan<’, situated on Newhall hill, about of a
mile from the village, and commanding one of the finest
prospects in the county. Also, the “Holcomb Pasture.”
so called, containing about 26 acres, situated in the
northerly part of Sterling, about two miles from the
village, and is one of the best pastures in the town. Also,
a sprout Lot, containing 7 acres, known as the “Porter
Lot.’ situated about 2M miles from the village, near the
house of Jonathan M. Sawyer.
PARLEY BARTLETT, Auctioneer.
Sterling, Nov. 4.1871. dst&wlt n 6
yy H W H~I PpL E
COM MISSIOX M EK<IIA NT,
and dealer in Butter, Cheese, Eggs, and Country Produce,
is now receiving Choice Dairies of New York and Ver
mont Butter, which is selling at the lowest prices. Jf
you want something nice, call at the corner of Front st
and Bigelow’s Court. dim* n 6
OWL AN D S C O~T T
IIOK9E CLIPPERS.
We use the American Clipping Machine, which for
style, thoroughness, and good work cannot be equalle I.
All work warranted to give satisfaction. Can be found
at the Adams Express Stables, Foster st., Worcester.
C. N. HOWLAND,
n<> Jim* GEO. A. SCOTT,
jj OR S E CL IPP ING
BY HA.VD,
done in a thorough manner, by an experiencedworkman.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Prices low. Those wishing
horses clipped, should apply to MICHAEL CARY. All
ordcrslctt with H. G. Savage, at Jerome Marble <fc Co’s,
will receive prompt attention. Refers to L. K. Washburn,
L. N. Holton, H.W. Denny. J. 11. Osgood, and many
others. dtf n 6
ICHARDSON’S NEW METHOD FOR
THE PIANOFORTE.
This well-proved Method has been 12 years before the
public. Carefully prepared, and highly recommended at
the outset, it lias steadily increased in public favor, until,
some years slnee.it fairly reached the highest position,
and seems likely to retain it for a long time.
Annual Sale 85,000 Copies.
Commencing to take lessons, now a-days, and pur
chasing a •‘Richardson” are very apt to be cotemporune
ous events.
Price, <3.75. Sent, post-paid, for the retail price.
E»« dtf OLIVER DITSON A CO., Boston,
I>A RE CHANCE ’—FOR SALE—Good
AL Will. Stock and Fixtures of a Clothing. (Roots and
Shoes, and Cents’ Furnishing Goods store. Stuck clean
ami good. Apply in person or by mail, io
KEYES CLOSSON.
nG <lcop2w Springfield, Vt.
XTOTICE.—AII persons are hereby forbidden
A giving credit on my account, without an order from
me. H. G. ROCHE.
Worcester, Nov. 4,1871. d3t 116
A PRIZE ITS GOLD WATCH will be
given Ihe most successful student .male or female,
of the flrot fifty entering the N. E. Telegraph Academy,
161 Tremont street, Boston. Apply or send stamp for
circulars at once. deoptn26 116
I^OUND— A Bull Terrier, which the owner
can have by proving property and paving charges.
n 6 <l3t* WM. SAVAGE, 84 Front street.
YU ANTED- An American boy, from 14 to
16 years old, whose parents reside in tlie city, and
can come well recommended, as an office Iwy. Apply at
424 Main st., Room 5. dtf n 6
riWVO GENTLEMEN, or a Gentleman and
JL his wife can be accommodated with board in a pri
vate family. Applv at 21 Irving steret. 3t* 116
Attention japanners !—a man
who thoroughly understands the business of iapan
ningtin ani iron in sheets, such as are used by sign
paintersand photographers, can make a connection to
his advantage by corresponding with THE KELLOGG A
BULKELEY CO., Hartford. Ct. d6t 116
I>OOM AND POWER TO RENT—On
k Main st. Applv to
11. W. DENNY CO.,
»6 d2w 555 Main st., Sargent Square.
OY~WANTED
ELDRED .V LISCOMB,
n 6 dtf _ 407 Main st.
/2J.IRL WANTED—To do general house-
VM work* Apply at 858 Main street. dtf 116
LET—One-half of Doable House No.
A 36 Boynton st., 14 rooms; bath-room, gas, water
closets, stable. <fcc. For further information apply to
ABBOTT A RICE,
116 dtf 1 Central Exchange.
IT*O LET—A nice Garden Farm, with cot-
J- tage House and outbuildings, within four miles of
this city, and six minutes' walk from Depot; about 9
acres of land, with over 400 fruit trees. Possession given
at once. None but Americans need applv. Inquire at
No. 9 Hermon street. dtf n 6
ATTENTION!— This is to any man that
means Biz!—l will sell my place of Business, No.
i Kogers’ Block, to be appraised by three disinterested
men. and 1 will obligate to take $2.50 le a than the ap
praisal. WILLIAM E. HUSE.
_n2 dlw*
JUST STEP IN TO FLETCHER’S, and
look at those Gentlemen’s Slippers, just received
from the Manufactory No. 3 Bay Mate House Block,
one Price st.>re. .’W Main st. dtf n 2
1 HANO!—Any one having a nice Piano*
J that they cannot conveniently keep, and would
like to retain, if a good place could be secured, can learn
particulars by addressing Plano, Box 1106, Worcester
P. O. _ dtf n 2
rpms is TO IVE N<iTlCETthat on the
A tlrst day of November, A. I). 1871, a warrant in
bankruptcy was issued against the estate of John W.
Hubberley. ol Harvard, in the county of Worcester, and
state ol Massachusetts. who has been adjudged a bank
rupt on his own petition; that the payment of any debts
and the delivery of any property, belonging to such
bankrupt, to him, or for his use, anil the transfer of any
property by him are forbidden by law; that a meeting of
the creditors of the said bankrupt, to prove their debts
and to choose one or more assignees of his estate, will
be held at a court of bankruptcy, to be holden at
No. 6 Chapin Block, Worcester. Mass., at the office of
and before P. C. Bacon, Register, on the 17th dav of
November, A. D. 1871, at 10 o’clock a. m.
ROWLAND G. USHER,
V. S. Marshal, Mass. District, as Messenger.
n 3 d3t
D( )LLAR REWARD SOAP Washes
without rubbing: Removes Pitch, Tar. Paint,
Grease, Sweat and Leather Stains, Ac.; Washes with
Hot or Cold, Hard, Soft, or Salt Water; Saves Labor,
Time, Fuel. Clothes, and Money. Clothes washed with
it wear twice as long as it washed with common soap.
One pound of it will wash from ten to fifteen dozen
pieces of ordinary family washing. It washes the finest
lace without injury, and renders all articles as clear and
bright as new.
The Dollar Reward Soap!
Try it In the Bathroom: it leaves the skin cool, smooth
and soft Iseit to cleanse your Marble Ornaments,
Mantels. Door steps Ac., and Brick Walks and Alleys.
Use it with scouring-brick in cleansing Iron or steel; it
saves half the labor, and gives a better appearance. It
makes Tin Ware shine like new, and has no equal in
cleansing glass or china Dissolved in boiling water, it
makes the best and cheapest Soft Soup in the world.
For sale by HOLDEN BROS., Worcester. dim «9
npHE LADIES’ HAIR STORE—Misses
4’ K< ‘V. 0. CLOUGH would respectfully inform
their lady friends and funner patrons, that they have
returned to their old location, «2 Front st., S. R. Leland s
Building, opposite the Common, where they will be
happy to at I end to the wants ot all who may favor them
with a call, in making work to order; also, renovating
and adjusting old sets of hair; cutting children's and
misses' hair, champuoing. Ac., Ac.
ANNA E. CLOUGH.
my3o dtf FANNY O. CLOUGH.
neats foot
y HARNESS SOAP.
G STEAM REFINED.
It Olis. Blacks, Polishes, and Soaps at
flic same time. Put up tn large and small
size boxes, also in 3 lb. bars. Has been in use for years,
and gives perfect satisfaction. Send stamp fur uur
WAVERLY. Address G. F. WHITNEY A CO.,
020 dßm 59 Milk st.. Boston. Mass.
£NTBL LI G E NCE OFFICE,.
Boom No. 14, let Nat. Bank Building.
Property rented and rents collected. Houses, tene
ments, shops, stores, and rooms obtained for those who
wish. Help obtained for general housework, and situa
tions found for Domestics on the most reasonable terms.
IH GREENWOOD A L'O.
1 k it 1 i
Ijftnsttal.
(JHIOKERING SONS’
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES.
And upon the Most Favorable Terms of
Payment.
Me Invite the attention of persons Intending to pur
chase Pianos, to our New illustrated Catalogue, giving
mil descriptions of Styles and Prices, and the terms on
which we sell to those desiring to make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send for a Catalogue.
CHICKERING SONS,
354 Washington St., Boston.
11 East 14th St., New York.
023 d&wlm
pT A NOS AND ORGANS
WM. SUMNER Selectsand Furnishes all kinds
of Piarosand Organs from the Factories In New York
and Boston, or from houses in Worcester, if desired.
Call at No. 1 Chatham St. Place, or address by mail.
Orders for Tuning and Repairing may be left at L. H.
Bigelow’s Book Store. 239 Main st. dTu.ThAStf n 5
A., ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner and
4sAr.i»^ ,C Rooniß al L Gorham Co. s,
a iinn IM Ord r 81ates ma y also be foonO with B. D.
Übir.bme l !u‘* nt8 o r
JICNING, POLISHING
PIANO FORTES.
We respectfully announce to the public that we have
secured the valuable scivlces of Mr., WM. C. ELLIS of
Boston, who has for the past eighteen years been cou
neeted with one ot the largest Manufactories in the
State. Mr. Ellis, as a thorough workman and practical
mechanic, bears a reputation second to none in the
country. His 'l uning, Repairing, &c., in every instance
gives entire satisfaction; and in connection with a first
class Polisher. old Pianos are made as good as new. tor a
very low price.
Please call and examine work at Repair Room,
444 Main St., Worcester, Npy Block.
B 2i dtf RICILMtIkS, METCALF CO.
SOUTH LAN I)' S ORC HE STR A.
WORCESTER, MASS.
i rlrate 1 art ies. Balls, Picnics. Festivals and Excur
sions furnished with any number of Pieces at the short
est notice. H. U ILSON, Prompter.
Order Book at Richards, Metcalf Co’s, 444 Main st
Mechanic M, Ce O 1 Southland Crompton's Block'
Mr. G. H. Wilson, thankftil for past favors, solicits a
contlnuaHon of the same in future. d3w* 030
FjHIE ORPHEAN!
By W. O. PERKINS and A. R HALLET.
Compiled tor the use ot
BOYS’ SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES.
But is also extremely well adapted for
The Upper Clause* of Grammar Schools.
Contains an Elementary Course, and 170 Songs, ar
ranged m One, Iwo, Three or Four Parts.
Price. <I.OO. Per dozen <9.00. Sent, post paid, for the
retail price.
OLIVER DITSON A CO.,
:w dtf Boston.
ALL INSTRUMENTS USED IN
BANDS; ALSO,
VIOLINS, Guitars. (Including Martin's celebrated
Guitars,) Violoncellos, Double Basses. Concertinas.
French and German Accordeons. Flutlnas. Banjos, Har
monicas, Flutes, Piccolos and Flageolets, with all things
needed in their use or repair, as:
STRINGS, Bows, Pegs, Finger Boards, Bridges, Reeds,
Screws, &c.
Also, Tuning Forks, Pitch Pipesand Tuning Hammers,
manufactured of the beat stock, or Imported, and for
sale by
J. C. IIAVXES A CO..
33 Court st., opposite the Court House, Boston.,
deop&wlv
JT EYSTONE
SEWING MACHINE!
Elegant, Simple, and Durable
LOCK-STITCH.
STRAIGHT NEEDLE AND SHUTTLE.
Agents Wanted. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
chine Co., 220 Tremont st., Boston.
012 dTu.Th&Stf J. C. BROCK, Agent
npHE AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE BEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Huies in any kind of Fabric, and Overseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
JEST'Please call and examine Machines and Work. aL
334 Main Street.
air i. h. sTocKWEi-r™
mas
HOWE SEWING MACHINES
BVTTEBWK A CO.'S CELEBRATED PAT.
T r tK s Maaes’, :md Children's Gannems
of all kinds, and Shirt Patterns of all sizes, at
Main st.. Worcester. Ma«s.
L. Q. SPAULDING, Agent.
A1 SO. Needles FOR ALL AINDS OF MACHINES, Silk, Oli
&c. 1 tickers, Rufiters, and Corders.
Repaired. dtf ap6

Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite 11
A. E. PECK. Agent,
08 100 Main Bt.
H E E L E R _ i WILSON’S
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES t
ARE THE BEST
Ever Offered to Public Patronage.
They are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make an even and firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use.
Call and sec before purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser.
Every Machine warranted.
BEAL PERCIVAL.
346 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
s!3 deoptf
pASHA ALL’S
ARABIAN COFFEE,
Oue Lb. Foil Packages. 40 Lb. Cases..
RETAIL PRICE, 0 CENTS A
CHEAP
HEALTHY!
ECONOMICAL!
DELICIOUS
TRY IT.
rocers, send for Price List.
GEORGE S. ADAMS Al CO.,
»4 dAw3m 342 Washington st.. New Yor
WM |A R R'O U Q U JIE R
STUCCO WOBKEII.
Centre Pieces made very low. Repairing Alabaster In
Artistic Work. No 39 Thomas st., Worcester, Mass.
n 3 d2w*
I? STABLISHED IN 1838.-P. YOUNGI
Dealer in Fancy Goods, Toys, and Useful Articles
Umbrellas and Parasols Repaired. Pinking in a num
ber of styles. Stamping for Embroidery.
Agency of the French Dye House, of Boston. Goods
sent to the Dye House, on Fridays.
P ease observe the sign of “The Variety Store,” No. 226-.
Mir.n street, nearly opposite the yuinsigaioond Bauk.
ie27 deuDtf
A DA F. KENT,
-TA. TEACHER OF MUSIC,
s 4 dtf No. TWaWon
A
Auctioneers Commission Merchants,
Will give their personal attention to Sales by Auction of
Real Estate and Personal Property of every descriutinn
In City or state. Consignments of New and
hand Furniture. Dry Goods, Groceries. Crockery and
other Personal Property, solicited for our regular sales
Boom peC al “a® 8 at our large und commodious Males
PRENTISS BLOCK, FRONT ST..
opposite Trumbull st., Worcester. Dry and Fancv
Goods, Cutlery Silver Plated Were, Clock*. WatcUw
Jewelry, and a large vartetv of Merchandise at private
SSr moHo. ll F r “boEiceTSll,*"
Worcester, Octobcj 39,1« Q. U ill. ojl