TBI PRISM OF VALES' ILLNESS.
Herald Special Report from
London.
THE MOMENTS OF FIRST ALARM.
Mercantile Ventures in Anticipation of
His Death.
Heavy Purohases of Mourning
Roods in Paris.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW TORK HERALD.
The following special despatch to the
Hibald has been received from our corre
spondent in the capital of England:?
London, Dec. 16, 1871.
The English merchants made heavy pur
ohases of mourning goods in Paris, in antici
pation of the death of His Royal Highness the
Prinoeof Wales.
When his illness became alarming?or about
that moment?the British traders despatched
orders to the French capital, under which they
secured the entire stock of black gloves, with
all the black artificial flowers, black oolored
dry goods and jet ornaments which were held
in etook by the French shopkeepers.
THE PATIENT'S CONDITITION.
Commencement of the Period of Conva
lescence.
London, Dec. is?11 A. If.
The first bulletin reporting trie condition of the
Prince of Wales to-day reads as follows:?
Sandbinoham, Deo. 16?9 A. M.
The convalescence of the Prince has commenced
and progresses slowly, but steadily.
THE LATEST BULLETIN.
Matln'n. tory Progress During the Day.
London, Dec. 16?6 P. M.
The following is the latest bulletin:?
Sandriohah, Dec. 16?5 P. M.
To-day His Royal Highness has been more trau
quil than at any time since the fever declared Itself.
Bis progress in all particulars is satisfactory.
No further bulletins will be issued to-night
The next will appear at nine o*clock to-morrow
morning.
PUBLIC REPORTS.
Popular 'Summary of tlie Satisfactory Ap
pearances.
London) Dec. 18, 1871.
The Prince of Wales has now entered upon the
flrst stages of his recovery.
There is every Indication at Sandringhamthat the
danger ts over.
The members o! the royal family who were sum
moned thither in such haste, and have remained
there all the wee*, are preparing to leave.
her Majesty the Queen will return to Windsor to
day. probaoiy accompanied by the Princess Louise.
The Duke of Cambridge has already returned to
London.
No noon bulletin from Sandringham appeared
to-day. but it is Announced tbat its publication has
been discontinued.
THE QUEEN AT WINDSOR.
Return of the Royal Family From Haadrlag
ham.
London, Dec. 16?4 P. M.
Queen Victoria, accompanied by the Princess
Louise and other members of the roral family, ar
rived at Windsor Castle this afternoon by special
(rain from Sandringham.
THE FIRST DAT OF THE FEVER.
A telegram, dated at Sandringham on the 21st of
Noveml>cr, addressed to the Loudon newspaper
press, fixed the first day of the Prince's Illness
thus:?
The Prince or Wales did not accompany
the Duke of Edinburg to Klvedon Hail, the
?eat oi the Maharajah Dhuleep Sing, last
night. It was only the Duke or Edinburg
and his equerry who arrived at Klvedon Hall; the
Prince ot Wales fonnd himself at the last moment
too indisposed to accompany the Duke of Edinburg.
It was intended that His Koyal Highness should
have proceeded to Elvedon co-day, but be had not
sufficiently recovered to euable mm to do so.
SWITZERLAND.
Federal Legislation Against the Jesuits.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Dernk, Dec. 16, 1871.
The Federal Assembly has passed a bill Inter
dicting toe establishment or Jesuit communities, or
tne em lor men t of Jesuits as doctrinal teachers, la
Switzerland.
SPAIN.
General de Rod as' Return to Madrid.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
London, Dec. 16,1871.
General De Rodas, late Captain General of Cuba,
has returned to Madrid.
THE WEATHER REPORT.
War Dkfartmbnt,
Optics or -ran Chirk Signal Officrr. I
Washington, D. c., Dec. 16?7 P. M.
Svnopsls for f/w Post Twewy-four Hours.
The high barometer, which was Friday afternoon
entral In Louisiana, has moved oast and north
astwardof the South Atlantic States, where clear
reather has prevailed to-day artcr the rain of Frl
ay. Cloudmess has generally cleared away from
ennsyivanla to Maine, only to be renewed again
Us afternoon. In advance of the area of low ba
rmetet' and threatening weather that has pre
vned over the lakes. The central lowest pressure,
ater moving southeast ward, has turned to the
nrtheast and east. Brisk and high southwest
wnda nave prevailed on Lake Michigan. Tue pres
age nas tallen quite low in caliioruia.
Probabilities,
i rain storm, probably accompanied with high
wads, is apparently threatening the coast of Call
fonia. An area ot low barometer and threatening
wather will probably, on Sunday, extend north
eatward toward Arkansas. Southeasterly winds
anl cloudy weather prevailing on the Gulf coast.
Passant weather continues in the south Atlantic
Staes with southerly winds. The low barometer
on ?ake .superior moves east aud southeastward,
wiu northeasterly winds on the upper lakes, south
wet winds on the lower lakes. Middle and Eastern
Stats, with threatening weather in New York and
Nev Kugiaud.
cautionary Signals Ordered.
Cautionary signals continue lor this evening at
Chtetgo, Milwaukee, Grand Haven. Detroit, Toledo,
Claviland, Bunalo, Rochester and Oswego,
?he Weather la This Cliy Yesterday.
Th? following record will snow tlu ehairat in
the tonjierature for the past iwenty-fo ir hours, la
comparison with tbecorremon ling day of la? year,
ft* itKlmued by the theruiotuotor at tlutlniu'4
PUftruacj. LIkrald ButhUiii/ corner of Aim ntroot:?
1870. 1871. 1*70. 1871.
BA. M 28 18 3 p. M 33 84
?A. M 27 12 BP. M 31 33
A. M 30 20 B P. M 30 31
13 M 34 24 12 P. M 33 33
Average temperature yesterday 2<i
Average temperature for corresponding date
Ins' rear
Averairc temperature lor tlio week 30'4
Average tomporature for corresponding week of
last rear 41^
THE FRENCH ARMY
Herald Special Report from
London.
Revolutionary Statement of the
Polities of the Military*
The Great Engine Inclines To
wards Imperialism.
The "Reds'* a Balance of Power
Party.
TfllEIUM TP THf HEW YORK HERALD.
The following special despatch to the
Herald has been received from our corre
spondent In the capital of Great Britain
London, Dec. 16, 1871.
The agents of the International Society,
who are employed in operating among the
soldiers of the French Army, have just re
ported to the revolutionary headquarters in
this city that they find the opinion of the mill*
tary divided on the subject of the future plan
of government for France.
The parties are classed as republicans and
imperialists.
The latter is much the strongest in nnmber,
and the only serious obstacle to the fulfilment
of its public hope comes from the Interna
tional.
FRANC
The Minister of Finance Figures a
Budget Surplus.
American Sailors Drowned.
TELEERAIUS TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Paris, Dec. 16, 1871.
The budget of the Finance Minister, M. Pouyer
Quertier, shows a surplus of 14,000,000 franos.
A bill, which was recently Introduced In the As
sembly, providing for the partial renewal of the
Chamber, has been rejected by the committee which
had it nnder consideration by a majority ol one.
American Sailors Drowned.
London, Dec. 16, 1871.
Five sailors of the American ship James Brett,
lying in the harbor of Havre, were accidentally
drowned yesterday.
MOVEMENTS OF ALEXIS.
His Visit to Montreal Very Quiet and Ap
proaching Its Close.
Motkeal, Dec. 18, 1871.
Alter the Grand Duke returned trom his drive
yesterday he attended an lnspeciion or a battery of
artillery and afterwards spent a quiet evening at
his hotel, no strangers being present at dinner.
For to day there are no arrangements except
luncheon at Mayor Coursol's ana a visit to tne
skating rink this evening.
Ills Visit to Ottawa?%o Public Demonstra
tion to be Made.
Ottawa. Ont, Dec. 16, 1871.
The Grand Dnke will arrive here on Monday
afternoon, and receive the address of the Mayor
and city council privately on Toesdav.
Be does not wish for any public demonstration.
The visit will probably be a very qnlet one.
CALIFORNIA.
The China wad Japan Telegraph Scheme?Ar
rest of a Collector of Customs for Piracy
Eastern Burglars Operating on the Pacific
Coaat?Pire Insurance Business at a Dis
count.
San Francisco, Dec. 16,1871.
A bill has been Introduced in the California Legis
lature, and referred to the appropriate committee,
giving to the Pacific Submarine Telegrapn Com
pany the right to construct lines and land cables
for an lnteroceanlc telegraph to China and Japan,
either direct or by the way of the Hawaiian islands.
Don Mannel Cobas, a citizen of Ecnodor, and
Mannel cbaverro, Collector of Customs at the Mexi
can port of La Paz, who arrived here on Thursday
last on the steamship Const lint ion, have been ar
rested on warrants charging them with piracy in
seizing the American schooner Greenwood for an
alleged violation or law at Magdaiena Bay on the
28th of October. The lower California Company ap
pears to be the principal mover in the prosecution.
A number of burglars, while ransacking the resi
dence of General Thomas L. caseneau, ol California
street, here, euriy this morning, awakened Captain
Caseneau, a sou of the General, who shot and
wounded one of them. They all escaped. The po
lice are now searching for them, it Is believed
there are two gaugs of burglars, recently from the
East, uncrating nere extensively.
The Occidental Fire Insurance Company here have
reinsured all their outstanding policies.
The Commercial Union Fire Insurance Company,
of London. England, will retire from business after
settling their Chicago losses at flrty cents on the
dollar.
The Pacific Fire Insurance Company will have a
deflator over one huudred thousand dollars, which
the stockholders will make up by subscription.
Proicssor Marsh and the Vale College exploring
party sailed for New York by the steamship Consti
tution at noon to day.
Richard Weath, a tobacconist of Oakland, has
filed his petition In Insolvency. Bis liabilities are
$67,ooo, mainly due to houses m Lynchburg, Va.
VIRGINIA AFFAIRS.
The House of Delegates and the State Debts
Mayer Gaboon Pardoned by the Ueveruor?
Railroad Accident at Salem.
Richmond, Dec. 16, 1871.
The following concurrent resolution was passed
in tne Honee of Delegates this morning:?
Resolved, Thai until proper steps here seen taken to as
certain the enllrn amount lUat will be required to pay ttie
current eipensrs of the State goreromeut, and the
Interest on the State debt, at provided for by tbe
funding act. and Increased rate of taxation It
may necessitate, should lbs whole dent be funded tbe Sec
ond Auditor should and be In hereby Instructed to discontinue
any further Issue of Ibe new bonds until such time at tbese
facts can be aecertalned and such legislation be perfected In
Ibe nremisee, should any be neceasary, as lbs public good
may require.
The senate will probably concur In this resolu
tion.
Governor Walker has pardoned ex-Mayor Cahoon,
heretotore twice convicted of complicity lti the
Haunstein forgery. Very general satisfaction is
expressed at this action or the Governor, who states
that bis princlDal reason Tor so doing is that it was
earnestly recommended by a large number of
worthy citizens.
This morning the caboose of a material train on
the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad was thrown to
the bottom of a ravine while crossing a bridge ue.tr
Naiem. Conductor Robert Fagtis and Frank Camp
bell (colored) were Killed. The contents of the stovo
set lire to the car, which was burued, together with
the two bodies and several spans of the bridge.
COLLISION ON THE NORTH BIVER.
The Jesse Iloyt Disabled by u Jersey Ferry
boat.
The Long Branch steamboat Jesse Hoyt was run
Into by the New Jorsey Central ferryboat Elizabeth
on Friday evening, opnoslto pier No. 9 North River.
About twenty feet of the guard rail of the Jesse
Hoyt, on tne starboard sulc. between the bow and
wheel house, was carried away, while the ferry
boat sustained no Injury. There was great exclte
tneut among the passengers but fortunately no per
son was injured. The Jesse Hoyt was put into the
Long Dock at Jersey City lor repairs. The coliUiou
occurred about seven o'clock.
VIEWS OF TH5 PAST.
PKCRMIIRR 17.
1830?General Simon Bolivar, the South Amortran
Liberator, died.
1807?The Milnu decree against all Continental
intercourse with England Issued by Napoleon.
1778? A theatre in SaragOBsa, ttpam, burued aud too
of tho audience perianal.
THE INTERNATIONAL.
Herald Special Report from
London.
Communist Calculation of the Consequences
of the Prince of Wales' Death.
Probable Expulsion of Carl Marx
from Great Britain.
Abuae of the Shelter of Political
Asylum.
TELEMAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
The following speoial despatch to the
Herald baa been received from our corre
spondent in the capital of Great Britain
London, Dec. 16, 1871.
The Qui Vive newspaper, the press organ
of the Communists in London, writing on the
subject of the condition of health of the heir
apparent to the British throne some few days
since said:?"The Prince of Wales' illness is
an incident in our interest."
TUB RELIANCE OF TUB "RED8."
These political personages merely propor
tioned the probability of the Prince dying
in accordance with the fact that a number of
the leading merchants of London bad for
warded orders to their agents on the Continent
directing them to make heavy purchases of
mourning goods for the English market.
RETALIATION BY THE GOVERNMENT.
It is considered that the foreign Communists
have abused the hospitality of the English
people in affording them a refugee asylum, by
action such as this.
The Secretary of State for the Home De
partment will most likely request the Parlia
ment to give him authority to expel Carl Marx
from the United Kingdom.
Marx's residence has been placed under
watch of the agents of the police.
THE PARADE OF THE REDS TO-DAY
Order of Formation and Line of Route?An Im
posing Procession in Honor of the Dead
Communists-Material Aid and
Letters of Sympathy.
The Police Commissioners having squarely backed
down from their absurd position toward the Inter
national Workmsrmen's Association,the parade of the
men of the Red flag will take place to day wlthont
official interference. At a late honr last night every
thing was In readlnesR, and should the day turn
out flue an Imposing force of worklngmen will
occupy the streets. As is already well known the de
monstration will take the form of a funeral In honor
of Rosscl and his companions, recently executed
at Versailles bv the government of Thiers. The
formation will ue made at the Cooper Institute at
one o'clock, the column to be headed by the band
and drum corps of Hawkins, Zouaves and a com
pany of that regiment. Immediately alter these will
follow on foot a number of ladles, Mesdames Wood
hull and Claflln having a prominent place.
CITIZEN MARY 11ULCK,
delegate from London, England, will carry In her
hand a red flag. Twenty or thirty flags oi the same
sanguinary color will be borne by the sections.
Several carriages will be in line for the use or ladies
and children only. The catafalque to tie used is
large and tastefully oullt. It will be draped in
black, decorated with red flags and streamers and
drawn by six horses. It will be taken
to the Cooper Institute by sections 2 and 22 o( the
International. In the march It will be surrounded
by a guard of honor, composed of Zouaves. MM.
Dereure and Megy (late commander of Fort Issy),
will be the pall-bearers, and with them will walk
the refugees from I'arls?about twelve In number.
All tne banners will not be red. At several points
In tne procession flags or deep black and having
the following inscription In white letters will be
displayed;?
??To thk Martyrs op tiib Univbrsbllb Re
public."
The milltarv will form on Eighth street and the
Bowery, leu side; ladles and trades uuions on Sev
enth street; Cubans and Swiss citizens on Sixth
street; other societies on Fifth street; Internation
als and citizens not belonging to societies on
Fourth street, and carriages on Third street.
The marshals will all be on loot. or
course the Internationalists will wear red
sacnes and ties and carry rosettes. Tho Printers'
Union, the Bricklayers' Union and the Cabinet
Makers' Union will certainly parade, but others are
expected to turn out to do honor to their brother
workingmen. The loliowing are the sections of tho
International inat will bring up the rear of the pro
cession:?Sections 2, fl, 10,13, 22, 23, 9 and 12 ol New
York, IS of Newark, 29 of Paterson and a section
from HobOken. about six thousand In all. It Is con
fidently exnected that there will ue at least ten
thousand men In the procession.
tub route
will be down the Bowery, from Cooper Institute to
Orcat Jones street, from Great Jones street to Wa
verley place, Irom Wavcrley place to Fifth avenue,
from Filth avenue np to Thirty-fourth street, from
Thirty-fourth street across to Hlxtti avenue, down
Sixth avenue to Fourteenth street, through Four
teenth street to Lincoln's monument. The proces
sion will countermarcU round tne monument una
then disperse.
Every possible precaution has been taken to pre
vent disorder ou the route, and ir any disturbance
should nnfortunatniy take place (none Is antici
pated) It will not be the fault of the International
ists.
The committee of the Federal Council having in
charge the arrangements for the funeral procession
asssembied at 68 Grand street last night, Mr. Melot
in the chair, and at once proceeded to
business. The socrctary rcan a number of
letters received since the last meeting Irom sympa
thizing menus. The Cuoan Ladles' League offered
the Cuban flag and sent $10, contributed by their
children; Woodhull A Claflln sent their check for
$100; tho Ancient order of Egyptian Monks offered
their sympathy and support. Mr. Hanks, iho Secre
tary, read the following characteristic telegram from
the irrepressible Train, wlucn provoked a great
deal of laughter:?
Cincinnati, Dec. 16, 1871.
Oily Rank, please pay f<0 for International Parade. t'fee
victory I i?. K. TRAIN,
Next President of America.
"That's good,'* said Mr. Banks, "but wc haven't
got the money yot."
Tne Treasurer reported that alter paving ail ex
penses so far lie had in hand $246 wnich. lie saul,
was more than thov required for tne purpose ol the
parade. Among those who were present at. the
meeting were Mr. John Devoy, one of the Irish
exiles, and Captain O'Rorke, an Irrepressible "man
in the gap" in :he Fenian uars. Both or these gen
tlemen are earnest workers in tne cause of the In
ternationalism. After the transaction of a lot ot|rou
tlue business the committee adjourned.
EUROPE AH MARKETS.
London Nosh Mauiv.-London, occ. is?3 r. M.?
Contois closed si 9H*i tof money and PJ', for tlio
account, United States dve-lwentr Donde, 1882'*, 98G; IBM's,
old, sa\; IMT't, S?:i\ ten-forties, HI
Kkankvort Bornsr.-KtiAMsroBT, Dec. Id?A. M.?
United States live-twenty bond* opened At PJt, a V7W for the
listie of 1863.
Liverpool Cotton Marxrt Livtsroot, Dee. 16?
2 P. M.?The cotton market dosed quiet and steads.
Middling uplands, IIM.; middling Orleans, luted. I'lie
sales or the day have been 18,000 bales, Including 8,008
for speculation uuu export. Sales ol cotton shipping or
shipped at New Orleans have been made at 1 ltd. for mid
dling. The shipments of cotton from Bombay to the loth
Inn., since the I ist report. here been 5,0?KI bales.
Livritrnoi. Bar AbwTtrWW MASSIST.?LlVtBPnnt. Dee.
16?I*. k.?Corn, 21s. #J. per quarter. Lard, Ms. 3d. per
CWI.
Livvbpooi. Provisions Maihsvt. Ltvxxroot., Dee.
16 -P. M.?Fork. 6.1s. bo. per cwt. lor fine Western prima mess.
A despatch from Fargo, Minnesota, on the Northern
PaclUc Radroad, says 'he worst storm erer witnessed has
been prevallhiB sine* ten o'clock on Friday night. It I*
snowing and blowing furiously.
Luke Conuiffe, one of the election rioters In Greenhush,
was consisted at Albany yesterday, and sentenced to six
month* Impruoutneul.
HORRIBLE MURDER.
Cowardly Assassination of a Wife
at Lynn, Mass.
Brutal Coolness of the Husband
After the Deed.
lie Flrd to the Wood*, and in Fighting with
the Officers Who Surrounded Him
Was Shot Dead.
Lynn, Mass.. Dec. 19,1871.
Another anil a most revolting case of wife mur
der has occurred within the suburbs of Boston. In
this instance, however, retribution followed closely
upon the commission of the deed, and the murderer
lived but one hour after the death of
his victim, flic principals connected with the
aflalr were one William Wcnnor, about thirty
years of age, and his wife a woman of rorty. Thev
were not much known in Lynn, having come to the
city not long since from the State of Maine, in the
vicinity of Augusta. Their short residence in Lynn
has, however, established the fact that they have
not lived happily Together; the man was addicted
to nrlnklng, and when tn liquor had a most dan
gerous and ugly disposition. He had a sister
whose name is Caswell, who lives In Hie
clty'and at her house the parties had made their
home for a few days, up to last Wednesday, having
come rrom Maine short time ago.
THE ITS TO TAKE HIS WIFB'8 LIEU.
At this house of this sister unpleasant
qnarrels between the couple were of very
frequent occurrence, and fights were of
almost dally occurrence. It was only a few
days ago that Venner threatened the life of his
wife, and the interference of the police was re
quired to prevent trouble. On one occasion a
knife was taken rrom his possession by an officer.
Some stories are to the effect that Venner was in
sane, but suco does not appear to be
the fact. According to present developments
the honse at which the bloody murder was enacted
Is In a respectable locality, being on Adams street,
ISO. It Is owned by an old lady named Koundy,
who occupies the upper story, and leases the lower
floor to Mr. Francis Cogway, who resides in it with
his family.
A CHANGB OF RR8IDENCE.
Last Wednesday night, Mr. and Mrs. Venner left
the honse of Venner's sister, having been directed
to the house of Mrs. Roundv, where they were to
find board. They Inquired of Mrs. Conway, also
of Mrs. Hawiey, of the name of Mrs.
Roundy before Doing married to her present
husband lived there. Thev were told that she did,
and, beiug shown to that lady, secured board with
her. Alter this things seemed to go on qnietly
enough, though the parties had little difficulties
almost every day.
PURCHASER THE DIRK KNIFE.
A day or two ago Venner told Ills wire thnt he had
left off drinking, and obtained troin her about forty
dollarsjln money, with part of which he bought a large
dirk knife, though for wnat purpose was not stated.
This morning there seemed no new trouble between
the parties, but on the contrary they seemed to
harmonize perfectly, so much so that it was noticed
by Mrs. Conway, who went up stairs about half
past nine o'clock and saw them together. Venner
was eating his brcakrast, his wile was sitting near,
and all scenicd tq bq peaceful and happv. shortly
after this venner went down Into the cellar, It fs
stated, to split some wood for his landlady.
While he was In the cellar, nu4 at abont
ten o'clock, Mrs. Venner also went down
one flight of stairs, but descended no farther, as
It was on this floor?that occupied by Mrs. Conway?
that ahe met her cruel death. It is supposed that
she had started to go down stairs and was met by
her nusband, who, coming up rrom the cellar,
MURDERING MRS. VENNER WITH THE DIRK.
At ten o'clock Mrs. Conway, who was eating
breakfast at the time, heard loud screams coming
rrom me entry way at the foot of the stairs, which
was separated from her only by one door, and
which also had a door op nlng on the street.
Mrs. Conway rushed to the dour and there
boheld a sight which mled her with horror. Mrs.
Venner was struggling in the grasp of her husband,
who held Uor by the hair witn one hand, while In
the other he held the dirk knife, before referred to,
with which he was dealing murderous stabs about
the head and neck of the poor victim. Mrs. con war
rushed Into the street by a near door, crying
in terror. An old man named Avres, who hap
pened to be In the vicinity, went to the front door,
nearing sounds within, and attempted to push open
the dour. He was met by the murderer, who was
then standing over his wife, from whom life had
not yet departed. Venner waived his knife mreat.
mglv, and said:?"Damn you, don't you come in
here." The old man being frightened Immediately
retreated.
He coolt walks out afterwards.
a moment more the murderer flung open tne
door and walked coolly lorth. Mrs. Conway
shouted "There's the man, stop him," but although
by this time half a dozen persons were attracted to
the spot, all were horrified and no one stirred.
Venner men ran away 'o the woods. An alarm
was immediately given and a large detachment of
tne citv police repaired to the house, only
to learn the circumstances of the case ana institute
search for the murderer.
SURROUNDED BY THE POLICE.
Their efforts soon proved successinl, for on hour
alter the commission of the crime they had secured
and caged its i.erpetrator In the woods, in Rocks
Pasture, just in the rear of the house.
FIGHTING AND WOUNDING THE OFFCERS.
He showed light when surrounded by the officers
and attempted to escape. His eyes glittered like
those of a wild animal, and In an miuriated man
ner he bid his pursuers to stand off, but they were
not to be balked in this manner. The
officers pressed forward until it was apparent
to the frenzied men that there was
nothing lett him but to cut bis way through their
ranks, and this he attempted at the risk of his own
life, starting madly lrom the tree, against which
he had boen leaning, dirk In hand he rushed through
the throng. Officer Goodrich tried to check him
tn his progress, but tt was useless. Officer
Thuiston siood in bis wa.v; but Venner did not
mind this either?ne attacked the officer, and with
the lorce of his onset threw Mr. Thurston upon his
back, Venner slabbing him repeatedly with the dirk
in the back and head, one or the wounds laid tne
left cheek of Mr. Thurston wide open, and all of
tliem are of a serious character. Mr. Thurston re
sisted as vigorously as possible under the circum
stance, but being uuderneath lie could Uo little In
seir-deleace.
THE MURDERER SnOT DEAD BY THE CITY MAR
SHALL.
Officer Wnltiler eame to the rescue and used his
club to good advantage, bid before the brute could
be ccmpel.ed to relinquish his hold City Marshal
Barrett appeared upon the scene and shot htm dead,
inflicting tour wounds lu tne head, shoulder,
side und hand, upon the left side of
hlsbody. The body of Mrs. Venner was
removed to the City Hail, where it was discovered
that thirty-five wounds had been mrilcicd upon her
body, almost aay one of which would have been
sufficient to cause dearn. There is a great deal
of excitement In town about tho affair,
which is an occurrence almost unpre
cedented in this locality, and mucn comment
has been produced thereby. All about the streets
the suoiect has been the main topic of conversa
tion, and the gossip connected therewith has been
generally wine of the mark.
THE CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE.
The real truth oi the matter, sifted out from the
many contradictory rumors winch prevail, seems to
be tnat Venner and Ids wne were unequally
matched from the first. She was a widow, forty
years of age, with a family of five chtldrcu, when
the marriage took place, and Venner was a steady
young fellow, with a few hundreds laid up In the
bunk. Alter the marriage their incompatibility of
temperament became more manifest. Venner
began to stay away from home and indulge in
strong drink, ami Mrs. Venner, not to be outdone
lu independence of life, sought out and enter
tained aoiiuaintances of whom a virtuous woman
should have been ashamed. Their little propertv
gradually washed away until they were well nigh
penniless, and it was then that Venner, driven to
desperation by his own evil courses aud the conduct
of nls wire, committed tho crime lor wnich he after
ward gave up his life.
THE HOUSE WHERE TnB ASSASSINATION TOOK PLACE
The following is the statement or Mrs. John
Roundy, the woman who kept tho house where ilio
scene of tne murder Is located, islie is a short, puffy
sort of an old woman, of the "Malrey (lampion
school, with glasses, neckerchiei and all the
adornments which befit an ancient nurse,
ller habitation is a quaint story and a
hall house in Adams street, distinguished only
from tne neighboring dwellings by Its yellow coior
and by the general sir of ueatness which surrounds
if. A large and uncultivated yard intervenes be
tween the house aud the low paling which
extends along the line oi tne street, but
there Is nothing else noticeable about it.
inside, however, a ghastly aceno is presented. Hie
small and narrow entry Is covered with blood, tne
wallpaper is splashed with deep red stains and tne
doors are besmeared with human gore. On the
lower steps of the flight oi stairs which
lead irom the hall there Is a clotted mass
of human mood, sickening to witness, and
whion the matron ol the nottsehold had
vainly attempted to mop up with a multitude ol
Ohittis. Tne house altogether presented a sad ap
pearance. Mrs. Round.) occupies a room Just at the
head oi the stairs, and it was there that she was
fouud this afternoon.
MRS. KOUNDY'S STATEMENT.
Hhe was vcr* much agitated, as might naturally be
presumed, bat finally recovered breath enough to
make the fouowiug statement:
"Mr. and Mrs. Venner came to my house last
Wednesday evening, and wished to stop lor two lor
three dars, His father and slater* live olose
by. and I havo always been very intimate
with them, ao I thought it was no harm to give
shelter to Venner and hi* wire. To be sure I knew
tnat Venner waa accustomed to the use of Intoxi
cating liquor, and that he waa discharged from his
job or driving John Nargents team because ho drank
ao much, bat I didn't mind that much.
As for bin wife, I did not know muo.it about her, ex
cept that she belonged in Hollowed, Me., and that
she had Ave children by a previous husband. I've
heard, though, that she wit* somewhat loose in her
habita; but I dont always believe everything I hear.
They were always happy when I saw them together.
AT TIIK BREAKPAST rAlll.K.
This morning ther got up and came down to
breakfast. It was Jnat cleverly cold, and I had a
nice warm Are to greet them. Ther rubbed their
hands together over the blaze and seemed pleased
with themselves and everybody else. Wnen they
did so we sal down to eat together. My hus
band and I sat just opposite each other and so did
Mr. and Mrs. Venner. We were all very jolly;
we cracked mkes and laughed and talked like
children. I dont know when I have passed a plea
santer morning, lor 1 hadn't the slightest Idea of
what was to come.
After breakfast Kenner said he would
build a hen cbop lor me In my back
yard, and went out, aa I supposed, to ret some
materials to build it with. This was about eight
o'clock, f didn't see him agaiu tor an hour. The
next thing I knew about the matter was,
I should judge, about nine o'clock this
morning, when I heard deep groans an I a
scuitle at the foot of the front stairs. I got up
from niv chair and started for the door, but I had
not gone three steps before
VENNER RUSHED IN, UIS HANDS COVERED WITH
BLOOD,
ann brandishing a dirk knife In the air. His face
was pate and he tremble I like a leaf. I was greatly
agitated. He looked at me a moment ana said,
"Now 1 have killed her; she has been a curse to me
and made me lose all mv property; f have killed
her and I know I have got to die lor It." Then he
walked caimir nomas the room Into his own sleep
ing chamber, took oflf his outside coat and told me
to glvo It to htv sister. Next he went to tne sink and
washed his hands, and also attempted to wash the
blood irom the knife which he had used. I recov
ered niv equanimity while he was doing this and
ran to the window; opening It I screamed
"THERE 18 MURDER HERE."
Mr. Abner Alley was standing In front oi my gate,
and be rushed into the house; I was so much excited
that 1 don't remember anything more about the
matter, except tnat they took Mrs. Vomer's body
awar on a cart. Taat Is all I know about the
matter, and I am glad It is no more. I only hope
the thing will not lnjnre my property, for i am sure
I would rather have given 100 thau had it hap
pened.
WASHINGTON.
Catacazy Recalled by the
Czar.
Mr. Boris Danzas His Successor
Ad Interim.
Washington, Doc. 18, 1871.
Mr. Catnenny. the Russian Ml?l?ter, Peremp
torily Recalled by the Cmar?His Furniture
For Wale?Dnnzu Ills Hncressor Ad Inte
rim?The Grand Duke to Ilarc Another
Chaperon.
Secretary Fish lias to-day received from the
American Minister at St. Petersburg the gratifying
Intelligence?to hlm-that Minister Catacazy has
beeu peremptorily recalled by Prince Gortcha
koff the Imperial Chancellor, and that the
Russian Legation at Washington has, br
order of the Emperor, been placed in charge
of Mr. Boris Danzas, the flrst Secretary,
until a new Minister shall arrive In this city.
The importance of this action of the Russian gov
eminent can be best understood in diplomatic cir
cles where the exultation of the Secretary of State
is fully appreciated. It wUI be remembered that,
though Mr. Catacazy, under the pressure of the
curt notice from our government, that ho
conld be no longer tolerated after the presentation
or the ft rand Duke Alexis to the President, hastened
to surrender his actual control of the Legation, he
was as quick to notify Mr. Fish that he delegated
his powers of his own motion, and to an attache or
his own selection, and that he reserved to himself
the title and immunities of his position till
It should please his august master, the
Emperor, to terminate them. This defiant, and un
diplomatic note gave great offence to the President
and Secretary of Slate, and the serious embarrass
ment occasioned to his own government by the
zeal of this adopted Russian official may nest
bo Judged by the severe measures it has
now taken. The appointment of a
simple Military Attachd to the Charge or
the Imperial Legation, without orders that conld
have been applied for and received In a day, has
been rebuked by the express assignment of its
charge to the first secretary, to whom, according to
all diplomatic osage, Mr. Catacazy should have
entrusted It In the flrst place. It Is well known
that Mr. Catacazy owes his rise In the
Rnssian service to the personal favor and
friendship of Prince Gortchakoff, and It conld bo
nothing less than the grave and gratuitous compli
cations that his indiscretion has been fomenting
between two nations which mutually desire to be
oordlal, that could induce the decisive courso
the Russian government Is now pur
suing. Prince Gortchakoff evidently re
members Count Benedlttt and the scenes
at Ems which led to the Franco-German war, and
he Is not disposed to weaken the relations between
his country and our own by any thtck-anrt-tiiln
backing of his injudicious friend. As the result of
his determination, an advertisement appears in the
Washington papers offering the furnltnre, carriages,
horses and the whole establishment of the
Russian Minister for Immediate sale, and, with
those who are lnterrested more in the social and
lamllyllfe of the capital than In Its diplomatic
squabbles, there Is a feeling of regret that the
charming home orthe fascinating wife of the offend
ing Minister Is to be rutnlcssly broken up,
and her exquisite tasto in the selec
tion of its accessories used as a bait
to tempt purchasera in the broker's office. Mr.
Catacazy returns Immediately to Russia; for even
his special functions as chaperon of Ids august
master's imperial son are terminated. It la now
known that about the time the Senate called ror
the Catacazy correspondence Count Schouvakhoff,
the immediate custodian of the Imperial Prince,
lntimpted to Catacazy that. In view of tho
representative character borne by tho Prince in his
tour through tne t nltod States, and the importance
attached to his visit by tne Russian and American
people. It was hardly compatible with the dignity of
the occasion and with the interesta concerned
therein, that he, the Minister. should
longer occupy the conspicuous poaltlou of
chief manager of the excursion party, and
that the Prince was naturally much embarrassed by
the peculiar relations Inro whtcii Mr. catacssr nad
got himself with the a-lminlstrat ion at Washlngton
in short. It was suggested In a rrleniiiy wav inai
his reuremont altogether from any repre.enra lve
capacity waa the best th.ng for all parties,
and it Is supposed that the absolute rec*111
nf the Minister to Russia was hastened
bv such bonstueratlona. As it Is necessary that
some one familiar with oar people ami our conntjy
should hav<?charge of the >rtnce's tour. Genera
Oorloff or Mr. Hodtsco, the Russian Consul G?nerai
at New York will relieve Mr. Catacazy, and It is
nniiersfood to-night that the latter has been deetg
nntoii' hr the Czar for iho purpose. Ho much being
??nh,hed then* is a feeling of satisfaction In the
Departments of state thai a chronic grievance has
at last been latd to rest.
omptroller Halberd Wushe* III. Hands of
the New York National Bank Examiner**
pina_\ Republican Senator Warns the
President.
Tho present comptroller of the Currency, Mr.
Henry R. Hulourd, disclaims any responslotlity for
the malversation of Collender. the national bank ex
aouner at New York, on the ground that calenders
appolntmen waa made by Freeman Clarke, tho for
mer comptroller and present Representative In Con
areas from tne Twonty-eighth district or Now York.
No suspicion of the examiner's fidelity was ever en
tertained; and as the office he filled was devised by
senator Sherman, of the Finance Committee,
as a watch upon the National Banks, the
present Comptroller takes tho ground that It
would have i?oen uselosa to set a watch
upon a watcher, as any systematic unfaithfulness
could have been carried out art infinitum through
any extended series of saleguards. alter the first
had been corrupted.
Comptroller llulburd now proposes to appoint
Calendar's successor upon the nomination
of tho officers of tho New York Clearing
nonse. and require him ami the Examiners
at Philadelphia and lloslon to furnish duplicates
ot their report to htm on the condition of tbo banks
to the respective Cloariiui Uou??i out tow u omy
an experimental safeguard anl some chances tm
the existing law mar jet iiave to be made.
The exceptional weakness of the Committee ea
Retrenchment appointed In the Senatnal canons
yesterday is a cause of unconcealed dissatisfaction te
senator Trumbull and the other reformers, radical
or conservative, and even the belter class of lha
Administration Senrtors make no pretence to de
fend the action taken. Indeed, one of the
President's best friends In the Senate
advised him to-day to send In a special
message to that body Inviting the fullest and
most Impartial investigation of the Executive
branch of the government, and thus give his rem!
friends a chance to repair ihe mischief thatcona
llug, oamei on, (.'handler, Morion and the rest did
yesterday In packing the Committee. The Senator
told the President frankly, and has as frankly
stated elsewhere, ihnt If something be not done by
the President to show the people thai he haa not
the tears or an open inquiry that possesses toe
"whir-crackiug" senators, his political fortunes
are lost.
A.?Holiday Presents, Kegnrdlesa of Coot
or vsluo, at the treat original DOLLAR 8TORR, Ml
Broadway, opposite Hood ureal. Thoueands and thousands
of artlolaa are dally disponed of at that wonderful eatabbah
mant for gl, that oannot be purchased elsewhere for MM.
Their mammoth stock In Its Immense variety surpasses aay
exhibition of goods that has ever been placed before the
American people. The excitement of the purchasers and the
tremendous rush st the establishment Is most wonderful.
The proprietors bars decided to open tnelr Institution at
A. M.. nod rem a in onrn until 10 '<j P. M., until further notice.
Over 100 salesladies hare heen engaged to aaalsi lu exhibiting,
disposing or and rrrupnlng up the various articles, wbtolx
couelel In part of a complete assortment of the most
Itooks, a full cargo ot Tors, Melodeons, Concertinas. A
deona, 7Is octare Pianos, Workboxes, Bureaus, Mirrors.
Drums, Tonlchests, black walnut Hat and Coat Kicks, What
nots and a splendid assortment of Children's Furs, Muffs.
Collars and Hoas There are Vases decorated In gold and
toilet sets of 8 pieces each. We notice I the stock of sllvar
plated ware, handsomely engraved and chased Cake Bos
kets, Butter Dishes, Breakfast aad Dinner Castors, Tea ooU
Coffee Pots, do nets and Mugs, Fish and Cake Knives, Din
ner and Tea Spoons and Forks. There are alto Bilk Usa
bre II as, Canes, Albums, Chessmen, Chequer Boards, Table
and Pocket Cutlery, of great varletr and of the beat quality.
We noticed Oil Paintings and French Chromos, in blaok
walnut frames ot large size; Writing Desks, BlUlard Tables,
Dolls, Statuettes, Meerschaum Pipes, Smoking Sets, Batohels,
Brushes, Perfumery. I he lew articles mentioned do not
comprise nne-leuth of the varlS'y. The Milton Oold Jew
elry Department, which occupies a prominent part la the
Dollar Store, contains wilhuut doubt the largest variety and
beet assortment of the letest styles of Jewelry that there are
In the city. There are Laoles' Opera Chalnt, set with
pearls, rubles and garnets; there are gents' curb, square
[ink end machine chains, full sets of the latest
European styles of Jewelry, Bracelets, Neoklaoes, Hleera
Buttons, Rings, Pencils. Annie.a. Shirt Studs, set with vari
ous kinds or precious stones. In fact, there Is nothing In the
jewelry line that cannot be found In the aasortment at thn
Dollar Store. The Milton Oold Jewelry Is guaranteed by the
proprietors of the Dollar Store to always retain ill eolor and
brilliancy. They say It will stand tne test of acids, and that
even 'he most oxpert jewellers of New Tork cannot detect
any difference between thn Milton Oold Jewelry and lewelereF
gold. The proprietors of the Dollar Store are the aula agents
In the United States for this Jewelry. They receive it direst
from England, where It Is manufactured, and has been ftn
for years and sold by many ot the leading Jewelers of Lon
don for pure gold, on account of lis close resemblance. Thorn
seems to be s grest demand for these goods, which we be
lieve will give satisfaction. It will he advisable for thene
who desire to avoid the jam to call between 8 and 11 A. M. or
alter 6 P. M.
A.?Fspensehniil's flnliilny Style of Gentle
men's Silk Dress HATS.?This, the gem of the season, to new
ready for Inspection an l sale at 118 Navian street.
At the Tip Top of the I Ten p.?Doctor, as
you are aware, one bolt'eof rour "RESTORER AMERICA,"
has entirely removed the white patch from my whisker?per
fect brown harmony now orevails. I sent my father, who le
67 years of age. tbiee bottles of rour "No. 3. and be writes
me"This preparation has worked wonders. My hair, In
stead of being black or purple, as formerly, after using other
restorers which you sent me, is now a nice brown?the ort
f;inal color of younger days." I cheerfully add that bav?
ng, in my drug store In Philadelphia, dealt extensively In thn
various hair preparations now upon the market, 1 unhesitat
ingly pronounce voitrs the most perfect "restorer" in exist
ence. Yours trulv, C. A. LOVBJOY, M. D? 31 John street.
To Dr. J. J. O'Buiem, 2U3 East Thirtieth street.
A,?Herring's Parent
CHAMPION SAFES,
?Jit Urjtlway, airasr Murray it'it
Anarll's Turkish Hatha, l.exlnutnn Avenie,
corner Twenty-tlflh street.- Gentlemen every day and aU
night; ladies day and evening; best ventlllatlon; highest
temperature; best shampooing; no gratuities; Enrope out
done.
Ask for Novnllo's Operas, 91] Oratories*
60c; Organ Books, SOc.; Piano Hooks, 50c. 751 Broadway.
A.?Napoleon's Cabinet
CHAMPAGNE,
the wins used st the reception or Prinoo Alexia, at Oelmoot
coi, and all tirst class resiauraota.
A.?Ttoynl Havana Lottery ?J. K. Mar fine*
A CO., Bankers, 10 Wall sL box 4.6H5 New Yorx Post olDca
A?Wnlts' Nervoun Antidote I Have Fonad
an unfailing cure for Neuralgia and Headache.
JOHN K. PHILLIPS, U Dey street.
A .Ollslnkn olien made is that our rooms are
so crowded tti.it patients hare to wait a long time before wa
extract tbeir teeth, Titer seldom hare to wait more than Ova
or ten minutes. CULtON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 19
Cooper Union.
.American Shelving Company.?Whoa a
parly once see the creat'superiority of thla Shelring they
will thereafter use none other. The readiness with which It
can in* put up, taken d?wn. adjusted to anr height or wtdlh.
and mode to conform to the will In every manner, Is truly
surprising. Depot 31 New Church, corner of Cortlandt street
A.?30,000 Choice Rook*. Suitable fur
holiday presents, at prices to suit the time*
JOHN PYNK. 1119 Nassau street.
Bargains In Fine Hold Jewelry.
WHOLESALE PRICES.
FINE COLD EARRINGS AND PIN8
ETRUSCAN CAMEO. GARNET, AO.
CORAL EARRINGS AND PINS.
ONYX AND JET KARRINGS AND PIN8.
OOLD BAND AND CHAIN HKACKLET8.
COLD LOCKETS AND NECKLACES.
SEAL KINGS, AMETHYST, CAMEO, TOPAZ, Aa
SLEEVE Bl TTON3 AND STUDS.
HANDKERCHIEF RINGS, GLOVE FASTENERS.
DIAMOND KINGS AND BTUOS.
CHILDREN'S GOLD AMULETS.
CHILDREN'S GOLD RlN'.S AND EARRINGS.
GOLD WATCll CHAINS.
OOLD THIMBLES.
SEE PRICES HKKORK BUYING.
WATCHES AND JEWELRY REPAIRED.
GEO. C. ALLEN,ml Broadway, near Fourteenth treat.
Bargalna In "*llver.Wnre.
WHOLESALE PRICES.
GEO. C. ALLEN, 841 Broadway, near Fourteenth
Bntchrler's Ifnir Dye?The Beat In the
world ;tbe only perfect dye ;harmleia,reliable, imtantaneoua.
At all druggist*
Beautiful Flowing Hair l?r the Holidays?
CHEVALIER'S LIFE FOR THE HAIR reitoree xray hair,
?topa lU falling out, Increaaaa lta growth.
Diamond ltinan at tVboleaale Prleea.
GEO. C. ALLEN, 341 Broadway, near Fourteenth at.
u
Donovan's T.adteo' and (Jentlemca's Res>
taurant, No. Eaat Twelfth etreet.?Table d'Hots from!
to 3; a epeclalty.
Drnukcnnoss or Opium Habit (lured by Dr.
BEERS, 107 Fourth avenue. Call or tend itamp for evldenee
For the Holidays?aiwlsn Carved floods.?
The Swlai Manufacturing Company, 36 East Fourteenth
etreet, New York.
(Jettynbnrx KntalyMinc Writer
can be procured freeb from the eprtng at
JEREMIAH (JUINLAN'8,
139 and 138 William street.
New York Depository.
Holiday Presents of Affection and Charity
for wife, mother, sister and friend.
WHEELER A WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES,
B'.'S Broadway.
Holiday Presents.
French embroidered Slippers for ladles and gents. Hootg
Shoes ?nd Gaiters, In every variety, selling at popular price*
Also English manufacture I waterproof Boots, for gsntlo
men'a wear, at 573 Broadway. O. 0. RICHMOND.
ITantley A Palmer's Celebrated Enarllab
BISCUITS.?For aala br all lint clasa grocers. SUGAR
WAFERS, a great delicacy for tin* holiday*
A. DE BKACKELKER, 96 Beekmau street, sola I
"Pike's Toothache Drops" Cara la One (His.
ute. -HILL'S HAIR DYE. black or brown, only5J cenu.
Royal Havana Lottery.?-Tho Highest Raton
paid, for Douol.joas. all kin It of Gold anl Shyer.
TAYLOR A Co., Hangers, 11 Wall i.rtil, Now York.
Mtrlawsv A- sons'
GRAND SQUARE AND UPRIGHT PIANOS.
Old Pianos taken iu exchange. Illustrated catalogues as ok
tree on application.
Warerooma Stcinway Hall, 1U> and 111 East Fourteealla
?treat. New York. ___
.aounders, No. 7 Antor House, Has a (treat
varletv of fine Imported Pocket Knives, Sporting Combina
tion and Scissor Knives, K?x<>rt and Sclasort (single or la
cases), Table and other Cutlery, a*so toilet Articles.
B. A G. F. SAUNDERS.
The Wilson 8?hnttle sewing Machine.?The
best and cheapest first class machine In the woridiprleo
from $46 to fflWl; easy payment* Salesroom 707 Broadway.
Iho largest nnd Finest Collection of Holi
day Books at H. MILLER'S, e) Nassau street.
Cdolnho Wolte's sehrldnui Aromatic
SCHNAPPS.?Among the complaints for which tha
SCHNAPPS has been dec arsd a spe.-ldc by the emlneo*
physicians who have corresponded with tha proorletor ars
dropsy, dyspepsia, debility consequent upon :ong contintied
sickness and old age, eptlepsr, asthma. gravel, colic, sfw
lions ol the kidneys, anil alt chronic disease* For these ana
many other dborders it ta now prescribed, with great su?
cras ujr more than three thousand .nedlcal practitionere la
various parts ot the United States.
Wince.?*?uperior American Also. "Janlf?
?on" seven ysara old IRISH WHISKEY.
JOHN J. STAFF. 115 charabere street
Watte' (Vrrvottn Antidote In Concentrated
Electricity. It cures by el-ctrirylng and strengthening tho
entire Nervous System. Cures guaranteed.
?;|30 ktrwnrd for Case Rlirumatlain or Neu
ralgla Dr. FITLKR'S RHEUMATIC SYRUP will not cur*.
A guarantee to cure or no charge Home reference* PhyOb
ytai.a' advice gratis dab). Uihce lU Jouu street