THE CHICAGO FIRE
ST A BTLIXG DEYKLOra ES TS.
The Origin of the Conflagration
a Mystery.
WAS IT INCENDIARISM
The Newspaper* ami the
FSanltH.
A ROMANCE OF TIIE FtRE.
Increasing Confidence and Re
viving Business.
CfltCAOO, OCt, 2*1, 1971.
A painful feeling of anxiety an I apprehension
has been excited here by tUe astounding revelations
of the past few days. The stories which were in
circulation during the progress of the fire relative
to incendiarism were at that time generally dis
credited, but the researches of the last week have
given them a colonne of truth which they had
tatherto lacked. As you know, the kick of a cow
and the explosion or a kerosene lamp have ooen
generally received as the causes which led to tho
lire; but the truth of this story has been denied
upon oath by tie parties who were supposed to be
roncerned in it. and wo are now told uo such cir
cumstances hav-- ever takeu place. This leaves the
origin of the tire an entire mystery, and speculation
lias in cousequence booome very busy. Kvory one
now lias a theory of his own, more or less improba
ble; t?ut. amid them all, the opinion is fast gain
ing; ground that
INCKKDIAH1SM
originated the conflagration which destroyed tho
city. Ihe circumstances preceJing the fatal Sunday
tughl, the district lu which the fire stalled and t lie
subsequent acts ol plunderers, are cited as proofs of
the existence of an organized and matured plot
which Anally accomplished the promedtiatod work.
These assertions, tr iney can i?e substantiated by
facts, arc extremely alarming to us as a people,
Miowlug, as Uiey do, that our large cities are In a
great measure at ttie mercy ol the criminal classes,
who form so large a part of their population. I
man In just.ee say that the theory has not met
much encouragement here, eiiher from the
jircfw or the prominent citizens; but, never
theless, a larae porilou of the most far-seeing,
sensible and shrewd people tirmly believe that the
lire was the result of u well planned scheme of the
city desperadoes, ihe proofs tuey adduce, as you
will shortly see, are strong and plausible, and go
lar to prove the correctness ol the viows they hold,
ami, in the absence of the cow aud lamp story, are
Unserving of every consideration. I am no alarm
ist bat, judging from wiat I have heard and seen,
J should say It seems impossible to suppose that
the llres of both Saturday and Sunday were tho
result of accident, they were so alike in tlielr origin
uud destrucitvenesa. With the story of tho Com
mune, the destruction of Pans and the history of the
International, fresh m our minds, no revelation,
however strange and outrageous it may appear,
Should i>e hooted at as an Improbability.
In our own urge cities there are bands of crimi
nals to be round fully as dangerous, reckless ana
bloodthirsty as any that can be found In London or
I'aris, and we need not be astonlshe l at an> charges
brought against them, provided they can be sub
stant lated by proofs. It may I* remembered that
the Are
OF SATURDAY NttiilT
vaa only prevented from becoming a geueral con
flagration ny 'he determined ami united efforts or
tin- firemen and citizens. who, after Immense diffi
culty. stayed its progress and confined It to the dis
trict In which It originated. Those who hold the In
cendiary tncory here claim that i his whs ihe first
mi tciu pi made to burn the city, only failing lor tno
reason* i have enumerated. On Sunday night,
however, no obstacle stood in the way of the des
peradoes. The firemen wer?
i'iftXtTgrkD,
the citizens v.*cre worn out. and a favorable wind
city-wart* was sharply movta| In mo pdttiog
fiom whence tha flr.si alarm cauic ail was poverty,
misery and cr mo. The dwellings were irauie
stiautics, used lor the vilest purposes, and the in
habitants were wlihotit exception the most
I'UIMJVAI.
to be found m auy city or the land. Such people
Ii.m iluc.i to gain and nothing lo loselrom wnat
would i>e to others a general calamity, and iheir
i-ub e?iuaut couduct Iihs proven ihat, whether they
Marted ihe lire or no, they certainly showed them
.-??Ives delighted with the opportumiy it presented
lor rapine and pillage. Another reason which
u.ighi influence tnern to act in ibis way is also urged
l>v those who iavor these views. The great busi
ness blocks of the city w?-re rapidly encroacluog
upon their Alsaua, and in a short time bid fair to
clean It out. Is it not natural to expect that lawless
lumans, such a* they were, would su iKe a parting
blow prior to their final rout ironi the naunts witu
K 'uch they had been so long familiar v The dirco
ti.Tn "iat ,,0'h the fires 01 Sai ur day and sun1 lay took
cat ?-r, elv bc ca,ied
A foijjclPRNCK
i.'. *ccounied ior otl?en?..se t,un by sup- j
Loam* ''m; men wuo were en?J'i^tc' them j
li id kluuied tne flanies winch gave illt>vn #oope lor
their hel isb woik" From the very Mart o.' the fire I
organised nanus of plunderers were everywhere
ut work, who actually rejoiced at the awtul scene j
?>etore them. I am uot speaking troin iiears<c>. i 1
was a witness tj scenes myse;i, which, if I ha<l noi 1
.?I Sin,...
riA/1 Nil'
and the case against the lncirfdlari*** of Chicago
increases so inucn tha' numbers jrJ?^ oeiore s.outed
t !io ideas ol the few who wUev m their guilt are
becoming con ven s to Mje "^.lue views and ever* one
l> on the (pit i(,T lurtuer developments, such
lire tne latest opinions eniertalued by folks lure
teiaiive tPtue origin of the lire, aud It cannot be
denied that they carry about them an air of proba
PUity it is not a-.v to overlook, I hope th y may
re proven lalse; but. If true, the con ntion of things
is truly alarming lo the country at targe and your
own city in particular. .New York Is to-day al moat
hi i tie nieri y of her larire criminal population, I
tne long oouine ?>i thieving aud corruption in
dulged in bv the cltv oltlcial- having strengthened
tue lormer in ineir abandoned courses bv leading i
iheui to believe they were above all i*ty. otilngfcni
measures must i>e niimeotaujly taken to curb this
dangerous element and bring it into subjection or
IHJ deplorable result* yiaj at any time occur.
1 line ?>cCupi6d niiR Spice ttian I purposed in
treating of this matter, but 1>? importance and the
Interest it ex ites here mus' be my only apology.
Tlik NKWSPArKRs.
The uewspai>err are beginning to resume their
wonted look, aud were it not that the paper they
tire printed upon is not so good as formerly, and the
itecuilar nature of tuelr contents, no one wou<d
imagine thai a great calamity had overtaken them.
J' is nard io kill a great newspaper, and t lie tenacity
win, winch they ciiug to lile in toe ml?l?t oi every
dirtlculty ?as u.-ver more signally iliusrraied than
n lias been lor the psst two week* In Ch.iago.
HE VI UNO TH4PK.
Rusiiiess Is plucking up nobly, ann an air o( ac
tivity everywhere prevails which is extremely en
couraging for the lut in I walked arounu the c.ty
to-day, aud was astoni*ued lo rind such
an appearance of confidence and hope
anotit the business men. There are no more lamen
tations about whai was; but ius<ead a strong deter
mination to speediiv restore l HO goo<! inn ,,||ain. I
mei one enthusiasuc individual, wny had been one
of the heaviest losers by the fiie, and tie told me fiA
was confident thai in three tears tn? city would re
gain all she had lo-t in w< air h, commerce and influ
ence. Tins may seem rather a "lid statement; but
Iron what I know oi the undaunted energy, eniet
|irhH' aud peraeverano* wiucn characterixe the peo
ple here, i would be the la-t to pronounce it an im
j'OssitiUit v. pn going down Wuoash and MP-higin
Mveuuos I was loiiHWnat amused to see tbe displuv
uitUe in oiaay of windows of the nalanai
restJeiicos j passed ou my way. Tne en
terprmu* own tr*, who w. re p inoit msiaiice
ioer< Hants, have moved whatever slA/'K *il?T saved
to their homes, und have displayed ihe wafts TtJf
sale, previously advertising in the papers tuelr In
l< btlon locoutiuue I'usines- usuai at in?- foiuiei
l?rlces. A clly thai can boast t?l son- like tlieM
need have no fears fo> the lutuie (ur they are able,
it h their much ami daring, to make it a freaier
marl than It ever was befute.
KOMANTK IM illKNTS.
Now that the trag.c incideji.s or th< tin- have
i eeo nearly all told, the romaiiti<' is creeping in
an<l stories arc being related winch require a great
m mount oi credibility to swallow. At ltte risk ol
lepcatiug what y >u may have already heard, 1 wlil
turrate one told me during the course of my ram
MM o-<lay. h>iik week- ago a clerk hi one of our
citi I auks ?a? rctaruing one nlghi lulcr than uaml
from til* bn?lness, and in passing the vacant spaco
on Michigan avenue trontiug on the Uke, lie was
startled o/ t tie tiipetraoce or
A WOMAN IN wniTF.
on the Lake Shore, who seemed in Imminent
danger of drowning. Our lneud gallantly rushed
to the lescue, au i ou ueaiitui the fair spectre ae
feaw he had a case yf
HOMNAMBtn.ISM
to deal with. Tiie danger was gieat a* the iady
wns making dlrectiv lor tiie lake, but being attired
only in her night dress, the gentleman wjjs i?t A
loss what conrse to pursue. !!?_?, however, had
finally 10 cast delicacy aside, aud she was roused
trom her dangerous Bleep. The position of the two
was most euibarassiug, and the Urst Impulse of tne
lady was 10 cast herielf Into the lake she had just
been rescued trom. The gentleman proved himself
equal to the occasion- Offenng his arm. as a
matter of lonrse, he offered to conduct her to her
residence, which offer she accepted, and the pair
left for the lady's paternal residence, which proved
to be one 01 the Unest mansions on Michigan
avenue. Ttae.v met several times since at patljej
given by mil ual friends, without any recognition
ou the lady's part, tuongii she was we.l known to
our hero as t tie i air somnambulist. An acquaint
ance followed, which soon ripened into Intimacy,
anil, as tue novelists sav, promised to necomesome
tuing warmer, when ono night in an unlucky mo
ment the gentleman rashly recalled to Iter remem
brance the fatal night aud revealed himself as her
rcscuer. The Intwintence was coldly received, sue
not oemg at all pleased ai toe discovery, and the
Intimacy was suddenly broken off. On the Mon
day of i he flre, a gentleman perceived a
woman battling lor her illewitn the smoke and
names, and on going to her rescue he found the
Lady or the Lake," he himself being the real
Simon Pure. 01 course marriage must rollow such
a si range coincidence, and we will leave the mat
ter. merely adding mat you are at liberty to believe
the story or re ect it, at your pleasure.
THE HANKS,
as vou will have seen by the telegrams I sent you.
have all resumed b.slness, and their record Is most
satisfactory. Tiie deposit* in every instance have
been largely in excess of the amounts paid out,
and this has tended to increase the confluence thai
now universally prevails. Only one bank lias sus
pended. a private one, and the proprietor ot that
states tint he will siiortly be able to resume business
i as formerly.
TUF HEAR BODIES
still continue to be lound, leading me to believe that
the loss or iilc will be far greater than was at first
supposed. It i? the saddest thing ol all to see how
few of the corpses have been recognized, the dis
figurement being so great in most instances thai all
Identity is lost. Thousands of letters have been re
ceived by the authorities from all parts inquiring
lor friends, but very little tnrorinaiiou can bo gtveu
incm, so Utile is ku >wn.
T11K Nl'MltKK WHO UAVK LKKT
the city within the past ten days has been
estimated at 50,00% carried free by the rail
road companies, leaving 2fto,ooo si ill remaining,
whoso wants must oe looked alter for the winter.
Notwithstanding the vast amount of (tead-headliig
done by the railroads their receipts during the time
vastly increased, notably so the Lake shore and
Michigan, which has more than treoled its usual
income for the last two weeks.
THE REI.1KF FCNP
Is being admirably managed, and the actions of the
various committees arc endorsed bv all wiio are la
nuliar Willi their work. The number or applicants
for re!lei has largely decreased, and as work is
abundant it will become even less. The spontane
ous burst or charity with which ttie world has re
sponded to our calamity has touched all hearts; but
the conduct ot the Empire City in particular is
lauded to the skies, and "God bless New York" is
the universal on on all sides. This gratitude is
nobly deserved, ror the world has rarely wltuessed
generosity so noble as that which is now character
izing all classes in your cltv. With all lieriaults the
country has reason to be proud or New Vork and ir
Chicago be a pi our never was this reeling so gene
rally indulged in as H is now. Iu the days or her
power aud prosperity Chicago little dreamed of the
hosts or mends sue riad who have rushed toiler res
cue. and wheu acts so uoble are seen a1 1 over tiie
land I cannot believe that the destructiu >r the city
Is an unmixed evil. tturke long since 0 r. ?-<?d that
"the uge of chivalry was gone." i die
record or the past row weeks luu shown that i i. v
ulry is notidead yet, nor can it ever die so long as
there abound hearts so noble and deetls so grand a-,
those wnich have come to oor rescue in the day ol
our dire mlsiortune.
CLEaJUN'O THE RCTNfl.
The work of clearing away the rubbish actively
continues, gangs ol men beiug everywhere at work,
and before winter much will be done to bring order
out of chaos. I
Untitling nas in many Instances alrealv com
menced, and it is marveiloua to see ihe rapidity
with which the city is "rising from her ashes." The
changes a year can mako arc wonderful, and I have
no doubt that six or seven years hence, at the
furthest, will tlud Chicago fully restored to Uer late
prond position, possibly with increased beauty and
magulficence,
THE CHICAGO FIRE FUND.
FURTHER DONATIONS YESTERDAY.
Below are the contributions made jrcsteruajr lor
the relief of the suffering poor of Chicago as far as
reported to this offlce.
REfHIXD AT THE HFRALI) OFFICII.
Employes of Tollocb A (lillie'i atone yard.. $.j2 uO
F'rooi Kwployc* of f.obdell X Tinnier, for
tjil tig c^'rr,, 'I ^[-imth 1'airli U IJe> nr?.
306 Trn?p hireflt hiraio.
Lohdell Tlunlev $r. ;:o
Jainea Uuthrie a oo
James Orel* 1 mi
William O. Clark 1 ml
A. Rippon. 1 o
Tlwmu Carroll 2 Pu
John O'Rorke 1 iiy
Harney Clark I on
M It hael Hick*
1 li' iiuM Srnlib i ,xi
Jnhn Conway 1 no
Jamea K. Kaymond 1 tM
l'enl* Denipiy 1 (ifl
V illiam Belerit 20
T. B. Kramer 1 U.t
3. M. lir >wn I no
M. D. Keeier. 1 iki
K. Lock wood 1 Oo
Total .~#3 i 20
Reported yeaierday 75 tM? j
Previously reported is,3iw j
Grand total SI 8,474 05
Collected by Iiamlicr or Commerce.
Tbildren ef Fourth Ward Industrial School $5 00
t*'Uberbee?, Sherman ?'o. (tor Michigan) 2MI (II
|ir. H. J. ToblM !l>,r Michigan ant Wisconsin i Mi on
Km ploy ea ol Newelll^ons Ifc 10
Baptist ebu' .-i,, Freehold, N J. (Michigan ami V. is
CDUH'Tl^. IS on
Five Ct^ie'?g of Orient, Miff.M* counly. N. V ft" 00
Workmen ?f C. A It. roillon (lor Michigan) 10* 00
Jj^.pioyea of the (Mixer House ?1
uoiimc Morrell for Michigan an I Wisconsin) 2b tfl
Km ploy eg ol Oeorge J. Clan Ranald, 36 West Fourm
Hxeet ilor Wisconsin 1" '0
C. t>. 10 OU
Dr. Samuel Nicholson, of Lundou 10" W
John P. fhoman-on. holloa. Lincolnshire, Kuglsnd,
through Biown Bros k Co 4<25n gold
Employes of Winter A llall (for Mlchigau and Wis
consin ou
Mansion House |Cbu ago. Relief immUtee, through
Lord Ma.for ?f London and Dreie Morgan Oo. ?J,S16 IS
Tl)ta: *40*rin 1
Pr?SW reported j
Orand total by Chamber of Commerce I
Lew lor forest Ore sufferers "wj*1 j
Total for Chicago 06
From Erie Knllwny Audit Department.
V.uif. Amount. Jf'im'. A
O.F Morosinl *26 iKI Tom Godwin.^. I OO
A. ftbinnnel 10 W C Richardson *1 <-0
a O Verrlnuer 5 U0 *m. llannan 100
H. H. Johnson 6 "0 J. II. Crowell... loo
F Co*k?mlall 5 00 .Ino. orken'lall I on
f ft Borl 8 0" Smythe 1 00
D li. Mclaado 3 00 L. (Jrainmer 1
J. M. (ial? 2 ft' K- D. WaUb 1 <*J
J H. Cook 1 0J II. A. Hilton 1 "0
R S. Til (ten 1 00 J. 3.T. wing b->
H 1* Ante* 1 "0 C. W. Neltiling 6"
Jno. Wllllamaou I Oo 1). Prlniroaa W
H II Delano 1 ifl K. J. Woodward S5
J. .vlcDonala 1 0" H. U. C. Millar
ST? M
KeeapiioiitiTon of Vr?ierdu>*? lleeelpu.
Receive I ai 1I*hai.i> OlCce
Received at Chamber ol t mxerce
A mill Def/armeat. hrle Railway i.ompany
)'re?ion?ly reported _?
Co leclixl In mrope to October 23.
1'iiilaoel^bia'a d"Batlon
Add >aw Tor*
Total, New York, Europe and
I'lillu'lelplkia S.l.633,962 34
whit ree PtoPi.t bo ayd say.
WeMern (aovernor'n llittnk*.
The Chamber ot commerce Commitiee have re
ceived the loilowing telegrams:?
U*troit, Mich Oct. 23, iwi:
A. A. Lnw, Tr?aanrer? Tbank you wub all ui> heart.
WKHTKRN OOVBi.NOR-*" THANKS.
Hat' draw on j on for ?lu,(ioo. HKNKY F. HAL.I1W1N.
MamauN, Wli? Oct. 24, l*?l
A. A. l.nw, Tieaturer -Many lhaaka Mill draw lor
$1?,000 at once. LUclUS KAlHClUt<D.
Hnpplien ?u?l Aid For?vnrd< d Yeaterdn)'.
Miller A o? *2 Brnad Itrect. It botca prortilona
M. (freenwali, 8ut-n U.auil, 1 caae cLtkma
1.,'Bfe, J.. I r??e cloth lug.
J 0 Eri.;^ "27 Tlilr.i areime, 1 cane clotnln*
Conrregat oflai cj^iirch, Harlem, .1 ca?e? cloibiog
Ni> name iT.ia aflfl JJoatuU tiprea? l bund.e clutl,
W llln Womert, Teutli war 1, 1 bo? flun-iei ihirti
Rev. lborr.a> a. Ilaslinga, 4 raaea ciuthlng, 1 bundle bed
ding.
FROM BROOIt.YN hOR CHICAHO AN't> FORES TKBS.
Mi. Harm, l.tti Frinitlin avenue, I bundle Ciothlng
Rr W H. War leil. 46?; HeKali avenue, 1 bundle elotblng
v J. K ?'ornel!, P2 Hart itreei, 1 bundle clothing.
Mian Anna Harden, Myrtle avenue. 2 bundlea clothing.
>1 .a* Iblka, Walworth alreet, 2 I11111. Ilea clothing.
Mia. Benjamin Wilton, Mjrtl* avenue, 1 caae clothing
Mm H. JuMKon, .Ski! man aireel, 1 bundle clothing.
The IH'Rraw Htrcel Public irtshwo., No. 13. South
Brooklyn. fcas cent fUteen larire boxes or clothing
iin. I $l?m IB mouov, the contributions or the nebular*,
lui the reliei or the sufferers l>y t lie Wisconsin are*.
Ivuuk Clerks* ontribviiion la Aitl oltUe CUI"
ensfl ^ullcrfrK,
To T1IE E'lITOR OK TIIE HERALD.?
I'll? bank clerk* or the city or New York ami vi
cinity have placed in tho hands ol the Holier com
Eaittee of Chicago the 9um or $:i,l08 25.
In (IoIiir so It wax suggested that In the distribn
tun of tho sum named preference be given bank
cl.-rks ol Chicago out or employment, particularly
those having lamiue*, to whom It affords us much
pleasure, m the spirit ot Iraternltv, to extend a help-
1112 band. J. C. PARSON^, j
President Bank clerks' Mutual Henctot Association.
Ail far Cliti-u <:o.
To-day a matinee will be alven at the Academy or
Music, under ihe auspices or tho Benevolent Protec
tive Order of illks, the proceeds of which will be
devoted to the Chicago sufferers. All the minstrel
companies or this ci;y and Philadelphia and a hand
oi WO piece* will participate. Tbo uiauneo com
mences at two o'clock.
Nfwnrk to 1 hlcn.ro.
It was not till yesterday that tbo $10,000 appropri
ated \ast Friday by the Newark Common Couucil for
Chicago wasrorwarded owing, to a hesitancy on the
part or Mayor Rlcord to sign tne warrant, strictly
speaking there is no legal authority ror such an ap
propriation, but citizens argue that this is not au
occasion where ha'.rs or conscience need be spin.
AMERICANS ABTtOAD.
Ilow the American* in London Came lo ihe
Succor or tLe liiciifio Suffer, t*? Frompi nnd
Timely Aciion? ltcNoluiious Adopted at (be
First Ittcciiat in London.
LOSPON, Oct. 12, 1871.
To nay, upon tbe call of the American Minister,
an Important meeting of Americana resident In
Lomlon or pausing through was held at the Lang
ham Hotel to express sympathy with tlie people of
Chicago npon the great calamity, and to concert
measures ror gtvng to that sympathy a material and
substantial expression. Among the Americans
present were the Minister, Mr. Schenck; Mr. Moran,
Secretary of Legation: Consul General Bivleau;
Messrs. Morgan, II able tit A McOullough, bankers;
General Burnside, Mr. W. E. Podge, Mr. John
Iloey, W. ll. Appleton, Governor Curtln, Uaudoiph
C ay and John J. Cisco.
At five P. M. the meeting was callod to order by
Mr. Schenct. Mr. Hugh McCnlloch, Mr. George
Wilkes and Colonel Maxwell Woodnull were ap
pointed secretaries of the meeting.
The following resolutions were adopted, as ex
pressing the sense of tne meeting:?
Resolved, That as citizens of ihe United States, for tbe
present absent from our own laud, but deeply concerned in
all matters auil events which affect Its prosperity or tbe well
being of our fellow-countrymen at home, we hare heard with
profound sorrow the news of the awful calamity by fire
which has fallen on the city of Chicago that we deplore the
tearuil lots of llves^nd tne destruction of property occa
sioned by the fearful and appalling event that we unite in
expressing our deep sympathy with tbe sufferers, who have
been impoverished or made homeless, and thftt we desire
und pledge ourselves to take immediate action and to con
tribute such aid, according to Ihe measure of our several
n.eans. as we hope may help, In some degree, to mitigate
that suffering.
Resolved, That a committee of eight gentlemen, to be
named now by tbe Chairman of this meeting, be appointed to
proceed as speedily as possible to obtain and appropriate
such means of relief as may be contributed for tbesunereis
at Cii-cigo; and that for this object they be Instructed and
empowered to procure and remit subscriptions of moucy or
other property, to advice and co-operate with any other in
dividuals or associations of persons, In London or else
where, who may engage in the same work to correspond by
telegraph and otherwise with the proper authorities or per
sons in tbe t'nlted Slates, and lo gcnera'lv do whatever else
In ihcir ju taoant atu discretion may be best adapted lo pro
mote ihe object In view.
Resolved, That this committee of rel ef be requested lrom
time to time or wuen their work shall be concluded to report
through tbe public press or otherwlss an abstract of tbeir
proceedings.
Resolved, That as Americans we cannot separate without
recording our cordial and thankful appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy of the English people an t press aud of the
prompt movements In aid of our suffering countrymen,
a ready Initiated under the direction of Ihe Lord Mayor of
London and other o A;cial personages aud Individuals in ihia
kingdom.
The Chairman named as the members of the com
mittee called lor by the second resolution the follow
ing gentlemen Mr. J. S. Morgan, Mr. Kussel! Stur
gts, Mr. Hugh McCulloch, Mr, Charles Bowles. Mr.
Claudius Habicht, Mr. Levi P. Morton. Mr. Benjamin
Moran aud General AO am liadeau.
Blank ballots were then handed around that gen
tlemen present might write the sums they were
ready to give. Communications were received from
two theatrical establishments proffering per
formances iu aid of the object. Geueral Burnside
proposed that gentlemen should send up their cards
with ihe amount written opposite their names that
they wished to give. At the hour or closing this
letter for the mail Mr. SchencK announced that the
subscriptions were coming In well.
It having been proposed that anv English sun
Bcrlptioo should be cent in warm winter clothing?
in order that England might send of her appropriate
riches as America In snch cases h:til sent *i tier
anuudanr grain? Mr. Schenck n^ilo tae assurance
ihat the United States authyrHif-s would ceiratnly
ullgct no revenue on snofl articles.
THE fiZS? P nEE~ FUND.
Further I'outribnltoiis Yesterday
for the Sufferers.
The following additional sums were contributed
yesterday for the famishing settlers lu the Norm
west who have suffered bv the fore-d tire*.
Received at liic llernld OfBre.
X A'tuotni.
r. L. Nunnenkamp $5 (XI
Attaches of Old Dominion steamship Company, pier
37 North Hirer 47 00
[3. F N. Association 24 00
Stranger" 6 00
Schoolboy (W
Total at Hkr Ai.nofEce US? IW
Previously reported.... 8U
Grand total 3-375 SO
Keceived by >Ir. Alexander Mltcbill. of Wis
e until n. Temporarily Si?>i>l>ln?i nf ilie lloll
imin llouse.
Sonlter A Co %VM .loseph Kudd $50
K W. Vandenliotl iUd Cleric us 1>hi
J. M. Fa ler 100 Isaac Sherman llHJ
amniann A Co 100 Lucius luckerman 25(1
Oeorge 1'. Smith ltXI Jar. Itobb, King A Co. KM
James li. (iarner llW B. W. I iris wold lliO
Minnie and VVallle Bui- E. II. llab, lirooklyn.... 100
lei 5 Metropolitan Naiioual
K. P. James 4 Co llMl Hank 1.0.0
J. A. Keardsly loo George J. 8ei,ey 100
l.reecleaf, Norris A Co.. K5 Knsaeil Page loo
Total
Krcnpilulminn of Yesltrdny's Donation'.
Received at llr.RAl.n office 00
Collected by Alfiander Mitchell i.f.io Co
Chamber ol Commerce W3 00
Total >e*ierday 00
Previously reported 27
Grand total 877,101 JIT
l.p'ief lor ih'- Wetl,
MlLWAl KBK, UCl. Zi, 1S7L
The Belief Committee for Northern sufferers by the
late fires desire to say lo a generous public I hat the
supply of men's and boys' clothing now at this point
and on the way ror the sufferers in the burned <ils
tricti ol Wisconsin and adjacent portions of Michi
gan is ample for present wants. Heavy and warm
clothiug lor women aud children Is still needed, cs
I eclaliy uudergjrments. The most essential thing
required Is moncv. with which to purchase provi
sions; also materials, tools aud implement* lor
building house-, barns, shops and ml Is, and lor
buying horses, uxen, hav and feed. From fifteen
hundred to two thousand families are to be housed,
fe<j nil 1 clothed until next harvest rrotn supplies
which must conn chiefly through tills couimiltee.
Money may be sent lo Alexander Mitchell.
jjul-j yai r 11! U _
EAIL CAR CASUALTY-A CRY FOR WHISKEf,
Coroner Scbirmer yesterday held an inquest at
the City Hail In the case of John Brady, thirty-nine
years of age, and born in Ireland, who on last Sat
urday evening was crushed beneath the wheels of
car So. 50 or the Dry Dock, Fast Broadway and Bat
tery Railroad, corner or Lewis and Delancey streets.
Deceased, very much under the Influenoe of liquor,
atempied to cross the (rack in advance of the
horses, was knocked down, and berore (lie driver
couki brake up the car crushed him severely,
causing a severe laceration oi the ihlgfi.
Gangrene and Mibsequent death was the
re-ult. When nl the station house soon
after the accident deceased in his ravings cried
loudly for whl-key, but none was given hiui, at least
noi before reaching Heiievne Ilo?pttal. Frout tho
testimony tne Jury believe the occurrence unavoida
ble. and accordingly rendered a verdict lo iliat
effect. Deceased lived at So. .'57 Goerck street.
A CAR DRIVER KILLED.
About half-past twolve o'clock yesterday inornlris
William Ahearn, a driver on the Forty-second street
and the Grand street lerry line ol cars, fell over the
dashboard of Ills car corner of Fourteenth street and
First avenue and was fatally in lured internally,
(b ath resulting from hemorrhage. Deceased lived
in ManDattan street. Coroner ilerrman was notified
to hold au inquest.
THE FIRES IN WESTERN NEW YORK.
Reports from the Buruirg Districts- Tlw F:rei
Still iiaging-One Man Burned to Deatli.
[From the Kocheatef Express Oct "2l.|
The tires reported yesterday as raging in the
woo<ls in Western ami Oentral New i ork have not
been extinguished, and probably will not be until
we have rata, wlii<h Is anxiously looked lor. Acres
upon acres of woodland have been destroyed, and
la some places dwellings, burns Ac., have been
burued. These flies, lortuaately, have been unac
companled by t lie loss of life, so I hi as heard troiu,
except m one Instance, and that in tiie town of
Oneida, Madison county, ou the Central Railroad.
The woods are 6ti the near the depot. Nig lit before
last the fire communicated with a shanty on the
railroad, in which was sleeping an Irishman, In the
employ of the company, whose uamo we did not
learn. The shanty was columned and the mau
burned to deatli.
on the Northern Central Railroad the woods be
tween Watklns aud Kitnira are on Are, but no dam
age to buildings are reported.
In the vicinity of Baiaviu the fires are still raglnff
in the woods ou the soutu. north and west. In the
woods or N. E. Iiolllster tne flres raged so fiercely
as to drive a man from tiie tleid one mile away. In
these woods several cords of wood and 400 rails were
consumed. North oi l'ltie Hill terrible flres are
raging. Three houses nave been burued. Fires aio
also burning lu Bushville and Pembroke.
The Ares are still burning In I'ariu.i Centre, but
not so extensively as yesterday. Tiie suioko has
partially cleared away. Two or three tauuiles
ueaiest the conflagration have removed lrom their
dwellings. The tire broke out Thursday in a llfty
acre wood lot. not lar from Parma centre, and miu
day extended to the heavv woods of Leonard and
Frank Bush. On the lake shore the woods and
swamps ate also on lire. The woods 01 Messrs.
Fowler and McCabe, uear the Gulf Mills, north of
the ride, also took tire on Sunday.
The tires in the towns ol Hamlin and Sweden arc
extensive. The woods which nave most suiieied
are those of Messrs. Chase, Madden, Sigler, White,
Barrie, Barret and Thayer.
We leara irom Mr. MoNeely, of Mt. Morris, thai
the woods an- on lire in the swamp* near OsBlan,
above Mt. Morris, and that the flames yesterday
communicated witn and nurued the dwelling and
barns of Supervisor Hampton, of mat place. It is
leared that tne tire will cross into Gioveland. Iu
that event ihere is no telling what the result will be.
Between twenty and thirty acres of woodland have
already been burned over. 1 lie people ate actively
eugaged In putting out the flames.
In the town ol Gates, tun county, several
pieces of woods are on fire. The farmers have
turned out for miles around aod are Ughting
the flames. McArale's swamp, which is about
fliteen or twenty acres in extent, covered with a
second growth ol timber and lyiug on the east
side of the Central Railroad track, is on Are In three
or four places aud is spreading rapidly. The oed of
the swamp is peat or muck, wnich has become pow
der dry, and which burns as readiiy as charcoal. An
edort has ueen made to keep the lire lrom spread
ing by digging a trench about flrteen inches wide
and a foot and a half deep around the portions of
swamp which are 011 Ore. A number or trees were
chopped down yesterday to keep them from tailing
ou die telegraph wires 011 tuc railroad embankment.
The above fires are supposed to nave tukeu Horn
passing locomotives.
The flies 111 Dennis church's cedar swamp are
still burniug, and threatening to sweep over the en
tire tract.
We have received the following special de
spatches and communications, which win convey to
the reader an ldeaoi the extern ol the conflagra
tion:?
Clyde, Oct. 24, 1S71.
A fire was discovered-yester.lav morning early in
some scrub timber and undergrowth about two
nnles west of the village. Tne house of Charles
Barker was burned, toirether with some or the eon
tents. The fire was at 111 raging last night, but has
been overcome now. It burued over a tract of
about 200 acres.
The lire is also raffing on the marshes oast of
Clyde, probably burning over a thousand or fifteen
huudred acres of ground. No da:uages are re
ported from the marsh flres. There were some
fences burnod and considerable leneiug hail to be
torn down to prevent the spread ol flre in thai west
of Clyde yesterday. Tho smoke all settled to tiie
crouud, anu it looked at four P. M. yesterday as if
the final end of affairs was about to come. I can
hear of no serious damage done, except the bur n
1 ng of the house referred to. There is no special
tla mage being anticipated, althougn nam ners went
from Clyde, iu carriages and on toot, yesterday to
view the tire. It required considerable exertion to
overcome the flames, but now everything is "quiet
aionif tho Clyde River."
Pai.MYRa, Oct. 24, 1871.
Two farm houses were burned about two miles
uorthward of Waiworth village yesterday. The
woods are ou lire near Williamson village, and con
siderable auxiety is caused thereby. The particu
lars have uot been received here.
UK* ETA, Oct. 24, 1871.
There are minors of heavy flres in the woods in
this vicinity, bui no serious losses are reported.
Savannah, Oct. 24, 1871.
Tne Montezuma marshes are on flre. Nothing but
a drenching rain can prevent the progress or flames
I aud severe losses.
The account of the fire* in "ttif soat?<'^A^ ur
Icaus jiouutv. ~'"Cu jou yesteruay by lei??pntl.
was furnished me by Mr. J. W. Caldwell, wlio>6
farm is located iu that region and has sustained se
rious damage. Mr. Caldwell had just returned, sick
and exhausted by ids efforts to save his property
Iroin the ravage* ol t lie llanios.
For several days the air all about here lias liecn
Tilled witfl smoke of a very disagreeable oJor, ema
nating from the smouldering stubbie and rotten
Mumps in the region over which the tire 11*1 parted
and on Sunday night the southern horizon was illu
minated lor miles by the g are 01 the conflagration
,;nd was watched with eager interest and appiohea
a.o'i b.v mauy of our citizens, ihe dry weather and
the t'igli winds that have prevailed ol late have ar
forded ^veiy melius for tiie spread of the devouring
element, winch ihe combined efforts 01 the
number!* ol .men engaged in trying to sta.v its prog
ress have i>eCu' almost powerless. l have been un
able to gather ati/ further par.iculars 111 regard to
the extent of the ft*"?11 ?,r tl,e damage they have occa
sioned. The repoiU brought in arc various and
conflicting: Houie tW the lire is .still pro
gie-sstug and others i?J*t it has been sub
dued. It was also ft oortetl last evening
that Are had broken out in Wells'
Woods, west of here, near Suelby Basin. No
light could be seen in the direction PI Ihe fires last
night, but it might have been obscured by the dense
smoke which filled tue atmosphere. At last ac
counts parties were engaged in raisiug the uaiu 111
the creek, with a view to tloodlug the swamp and
low lauds, wheie ihe lire has beeu the most dest na
tive.
Mr. Caldwell estimate'' his damage at $000. Mr.
Lumlcy lost a quantity of hay in stacks, the pro
duct of sixty acres or land.
Ihe air Is less smokv this morulng and there are
strong indications of rain.
Canandaiuca. Oct. 24, 1871.
A Ore Is reported to be raging in the woods ou the
east shore of Canaud&lgua Lake, south ol Vine
Valley and extending nearly to the head of the lake.
The particulars are not kuowu. Jt has oecu burn
ing since Sunday morulng.
UKOCIKPORr. Oct. ?4. 1871.
The fires in Clarendon, Parma, Sweden an I Ham
lin are still raging aud on the Increase, and others
have started.
Albion, Oct. u, 1871.
rhenre near the cemetery is entirely extinguished.
In iSoutli Barro and Barre Centre the fires aie still
burning and have spread over about a thousand
acres of woods. Reports say that the Carlton tiros
are under control. The smoke has ail cleared awav
during tne night.
[From the T'lica Observer.]
The smoky condition of the atmosphere about the
city lor the pu.-t two or three days has attracted
general attention. The sun. moon and stais have
almost been eclipsed, and It seems as though we
wee threatened with a general conilagiation.
The woods on Kra .kfort Hills, in a southeasterly
direction from tne city, have been burning lor the
past three or four days. Last night a large number
of persons watched tne fires in that direction, liiey
resembled panoramic representations 01 illuminated
castles, and presented a tcrr.bly beautilul appear
ance.
The woods west of New Vork Mills were lound to
be burning, and lor a tune It was learod that Ihe
flames would extend to tne village. Ail the oper
atives 111 Walcott ti Campbell's employ went to work
and succeeded in subduing me lire before much
damage was done.
The fires In the woods near ihe western portion of
the village ol Oneida, wlnoh have been leierred to
frequently In the Obteroer for the past two or three
weeks, continue to burn. Yesterday more danger
was tine. uen <1 than before. A little white after
noon ihe glarai was gtveu, and all the fire compa
nies anu a number or citizens went to the scene.
They coTlld <lo l>ui little goisl, as there was no water
iO be obtained lu ihe vicinity. About two hundred
colds of wood, valued at |700, owned ny a Mr.
Daniels, were destroyed. Fences and everything
combustible lor hall a mile arouud were burned.
If flic "nparaiieP-d drouth which has prevailed so
r^n<r in 1T.1J r,. ,|,v continues a great deal of vaiu
o.V.? Wo^ii.nn uliT tmed. and 01 ner serious
Woo<Jian<i will Ik tiiiiithfr ol Dcr*
losses will be suffered by a lar*. 01 r
sons.
I From the Lockport 1'nlon, oct. 23. 1
Tlie country is ail thirsty? parched with fever,
and ready, at the first spark, lo burst into a con- I
sumlug flame. Reports from ail points induce us to I
believe that there Is hardly a swamp iu the ?taie
that is not in flames now. or ready 10 ih>. Keports
reach us that the wooded country along the Toua
wanda Creek is now being devastated by a flame 1
wnieh Is as yet in its Infancy, but threatens great
destruction to property and great suffering, if no!
checked. Already the lire has reached a point three
or four mlies above Kaplds Bridge, aud burned,
atnoug other woods, about ieri acres ol the best,
timber on Ihe farm or I). A V an Valkeuburg. The
Are is yet confined 10 the south side of 1 ho creek,
but the inhabitants are opening their eyes to the
situation. We only irnst. that a wet blanket may
drop from the skies liefore our peop:e are called upon
for "help lor the Tonawandacroek sufferers."
ESCAPE FROM SIBO 8150 PRISON,
Availing themselves of a favorable opportunity
for renaming their liberty, two convicts, whose
names iinve not transpired, succeeded in making
tneir escape from Sing Ming Prison yesterdsv. The
fugitives took with ihem a horse owned by s. r..
Tompkins, one 01 the contractors at the prison. A
strong guard was sent in pursuit, but up to a late
hour last evening the escaping convicts had not
I been recaptured.
MTI3GAL INSURANCE COBVESflOB.
Serrnth Daj'S l*roect*diuKH? A Vole ?n lb#
Kate of Taxation- On<< and a H*lf Per
Cfnf Decided Upon.
This Couveutiou resumed the consideration of tiie
rate of taxation yesterday, and it will l?e seen below
that they arrived, Just berore the session adjourned,
nt an agreod rate.
Several of the delegate* spoke in favor and against
the resolution.
Mr. Uiiebsk, in summing up the discussion and
replying ou beliali or t.ie motion, said that the dis
cussion nail railed to touch upon the negative of
the proposition that the ainonnt invested in Insur
ance should be subjected to taxes just as well as
any other enterprise. All other property now pays
by way or taxation from two to flve per
cent. The committee on this question had
shown their disposition to deal leniently with Insur
ance companies by fixing the rate at two per cent.
With relerence to lapsed policies It was objected
that those suould be subject to taxation, out a man
who began to build a house and did not flntsb li had
no right to claim exemption of taxation ou the ma
terial he used on the ground that he did not finish
it. By what he thought an Injudicious, a corrupt
and shameful legislation, millions of dollars belong
ing to the people of the West and the Sou' li were
brought to New York, invested here and taxed
there; much of that money was spent in the palaces
In Broadway, and wiiicu palaces were subject to the
taxation or Tainmanv.
The recommendation of the committee was not
adopted.
The following motion was made by Mr. Harvey,
of Illinois:?
That It it the *on*e of thm fonrcntlon tlint It It impolitic to
omeii taxea upon the premium receipt* of insurance compa
nies.
On a voting by Htatea it was lost.
The following was moved by Mr. Ai.frience:
That the Convention do recommend to the Legislature* of
the different state* the Imposition of a tax of one per cent on
ttic grout receipt* of (ire ami marine insurance companies
?ud endowment policies of life companies, ami the exemp
tion front taxation of all life policies iasueJ on tne lire* of
huiband* and father* for the oenellf of women an i children.
This motion was also lost.
The principle of tho desirability of taxation was
adopted, after considerable coufasion lu voting, In
which the amouut of percentage was left blank.
It was ultimately, after considerable voting, de
cided to adopt ouo and a half per cent as the rate or
taxation.
Mr. Noyes, of New Haven, Invited, b.v telegram,
the Convention to be present a. the laying or the
roundatlon stone ot an insurance building at New
Haven. It was unanimously decided to accent Mr.
Noves' invitation, and Saturday was named as a
convenient day.
ihe Convention adjonrned until this morning,
when there will be a discussion on the mortality
table and the rate or Interest.
SUSPENSION OF THE LAMAR IN3URANCE
COMPANY.
Lom by (lie Chicago I'irc fireater Than
the Full Amela? SiarUholilpri l.one All?
Itctlcence ol the Oflicero? lias a Itecelver
Bern Appnintt-df
The Insuranse troubles are not yet ended, and
threaten to drag their slow length alonir until, ulti
mately. perchance, an actual panic will be the re
sult. Tiie Lamar Insurance Companv Is the latest
added to the list of those which the Chicago con
flagration has compelled to suspend. It is said that
the officers of the company wore
MISLED BY THE MBACRE ACCOUNTS
sent them by their agents. Thev announced a rew
days ago that they could meet their losses,
hut on instituting further and moro explicit
investigations have learned quite a different
story. The company has l?een sixteen years in busi
ness, and each year has paid two dividends to the
stockholders. The capital was fsoo.ooo, and tho
surplus (5.550. The losses in Chicago exceed both
capital ami surplus. The officers yesterday were
very reticent 111 stating the ai>ove facts, and dis
claimed any power to be moro explicit. When the
i 'resi lent was asked If
A RECEIVER
had been appointed he evaded the question and
said, "The business will probably be wound up rinht
here among ourselves." Subsequently tho reporter
was informed that a receiver had been appointed,
and t liar said receiver was Mr. Isaac It. St. John,
the President. It Is not yet Known 011 whose ap
plication or by what Court the appointment was
made.
BKOOKLfN AFFAIRS.
The ltft'orm Ldbel^,.
Mayor Kalbflelsch indignantly Jeluuw (?e aTser
tion made totbe eilect |lc g auctioned the party
eogageil In iireulatlug false circulars aettiug form
U** r 'the debt, of tUe city is $35,000,000. Application
was made lor a permit to locate la the City Hall,
uuU there distribute Clio false paper. He assert*
that he 01(1 not. endorse the circular, and had no
pan cither lu its compilation or issue.
roli<-emen Punished.
The Commissioners of Police are determined upon
teaching indiscreet patrolmen their duty, aud act
ing upon this principle (hey yesterday lined several
delinquent*, oiilcer Michael Pendergast, of I lie
Third prccinct, m company with patrolmen John
Maioncy. Edward Shields, Michael Carritv Ui
James Looney. were charged with vist'lna a liquor
store, corner of Iioeruni aud Bergeu streets, on .sun
day, the 8th Inst., and falling to arrest the proprie
tor. who had violated thj Excise law, Pendergast
and Oarrttv had a scuffle In Hie saloon, when one
of I hem tired His revolver. These iwo men Were
justly Hue I ten days' pay each, aud the other o.llcers
se.cn days' each.
The ltridi;e IHwnter.
Word was received at the Coroner's olllce yester
day morning that Ilcnry Doberty had died duriug
the night at the Cltv Hospital. The deceased, who
wus twenty-eight years of age and a native of Ohio,
was one or the victims of the terrible aocldent at the
East Kiver Bridge tower on Monday afternoon, lie
was standing upon the trcssel work, along which
runs the car used to transport the heavy granite
stone blocks, on the outer coge or the tower, wnen
the enormous stone came crushing down through
the platform, tossing hnn on. He fell from the
height of forty leet. and w&? hurt Interuady, be
sides having several bones broken. The other
wounded men are pro* ressing favorably.
Mealb of tliB Keeper of ilie Penitentiary.
Much regret was caused in Brooklyn yesterday
upon the announcement or the death of Johu Cun
ningham, Keeper of the Klugs County Penitentiary.
The deceaaed, wtio was about sixty years or age,
was born lu Canada, and came to Brooklyn nearly
forty years ago. He passed a lifetime, It may be
sain, lii the I'lre Department or that city, with which
he was connected ror tnirty-uve years, serving in all
the varied capacities? as private, Assistant Engineer
aud finer. The latter position he was three tunes
elected to In succession, under tiie volunteer system,
serving six years as Chief. When the paid depart
ment was organized he was created Chief, and fblcd
that office until the fall ol 1?70, when he was ap
pointed by the Board of Kuptfiuon tO the position
of trust wntcli he occupied at the time of his death
Keeper of the Penitentiary. Two v ears ago he ran
for Sheriff upou the democratic ticket, and was
beaten by Toney Walter, republican, by a very
small majority. Mr. Cuunlmrhitm was a lifelong
democrat ami as a flrouiau had lew, ir imb ed any,
equals aud no superiors. Neuralgia of tue hem Is
said to have been tue cause or death. He leaves a
large family.
The I4er-??ene Dciiiom Slill hi Work.
Another victim has l?een Added to the already
painfully elongated death roll or those who have
sacrificed I heir lives at the shrine of vlilanous kero
sene oil in Brooklyn. It Is true the gas companies
are extortionate in their charges ror Illumination,
but the evil Is mo len t ol the iwo. Ileuer be fleeced
pecuniarily than burnt to death. The latest case in
point is a sad one. On Tuesday evening Ml?s Fanny
K. Chambers, sixteen years 0f age, a very charm
ing voting lady, was engaged in arranging her hair
in iront or a mirror m net sleeping apartment, on
the upper floor of the residence of Tier parents, No.
Mo l>ean street, when she attempted to use a smaller
glass, in order to obtain a view oi the back part of
her head. In the act of turn ng to do so she
nnrertunately tipped over a kerosene oil lamp,
which stood upon Hie bureau, in rrontof the looking
glass. The oil, falling on her clothes, set tticin on
Ore, and, losing nil presence of mind, she left hor
room and ran down stairs to her mother, who tore
oir her outer wrappings and extinguished the
flames. Medical aid was immediately summoned
aud all that wu? pos-loic under ine circumstances
was done lo save tue life ol the poor girl, but to no
"urnose. Mie expired shot riy lieforc midnight.
CorSiUr JoTIP" I*'" 1,01,1 011 "l'iuest over the body.
tjfai* Wlr>
KAVAL I,nT.OLiJOENOE,
>u*nl Orilers?AlTlvnl of (be ^learner Frank- j
tin at lltiHnx.
Washington, D. C\. Oct. 26. 1871.
Passed Assistant Paymaster Slatnnt has been
ordered as naval storekeeper at Key West.
LicutenautJ. A. Miller li detached from the Moln
can and placed on waiting orders.
The Navy Department has received the tollowlng
The United Autet KranKiin arrival for cow.
Bhe encountered ??r? itroug heaa wind* ill lb? an
?l ^ler.l j?>? ii ihe ?imI. Shall
?run M uOMllllt. K' A'
*)iliiD commanding 1'Lilt l staici ?tcam?lup rranatin.
The VVubnab tieiiia? Mratly for Men.
PORTiMOrrtt, N, II., Oct. W"'
The I'nited states tug speedwell, of ihis navy
yard, took tno aauors tr om mo t inted states
steamer Wyoming to Charleston this '"J!
tne l ulled states steamer Wnbash. ine officer*
1 tue wabasli are reporting hero to-day.
RUSSIA'S RimSEGTATTO
The Emperor Anxioui for liding* of Hid Sou? A
Russian Prince as a Master of Mtuic
in Town? Movements of the
American Fleet.
Tlio Russian fleet in null ploughing t lie "ocean
wave," far beyond the vision of ti e keen eyes that
for the past week havo been stralued towards the
east. Each day's delay appears to Increase the ex
cltcmeut. Some people have indulged In specula
ttous, averring that an accident must have hap
pened, aud that consequently the fleet may be de
tained for an indefinite period. It would seeui that
the czar of Russia Is among the list of the anxious,
for on Tuesday he telegraphed to the Russian Min
ister here asking If any tldlniis hail oeen received or
the fleet and the young Nicholas, and the answer
to the despatch stated simply that the Prince was
"hourly expected."
The landing of the Reception Committee, alter t he
l'rlnce has been safely placed on shore at the Bat
tery, will take place at the root of Thirteenth street,
instead of at Fourteenth atreet, as previously stated,
the latter placo not being very well adapted tor such
a purpose. Here, as before published, o nimbuses
will convey them to tlio stand which has already
been erected on Union square. The stand is ror the
exclusive use of the gentlemen and ladles lrom the
Mary Powell.
Everything is now ready from the flrst to tue last
Items oa the programme; from the printing of the
tickets to the badges to be worn by the various com
mittees, the flags to be used atui all connected witli
the reception.
It is understood tb.it Prince Galltzen, who Is now
in town wim the Princess, will give a series of Rus
sian concerts in honor ol' the Grand Duke. The
Prince Is renowned for his musical talent aud the
excellence or his compositions, and should he under
take these amusements there is little doubt that
they will be of an elaborate and rechercM character.
Apropos to tins question, the Russian Minister has
intimated that Alexis is not only passionately de
voted to the diviue art, but he is also uu accoiu
pilsnori musician and plays dcligiiuully on tue
piano.
Tue follo wing ts the latest announcement from
committee headquarters:
Offick of tiif. Kxkcctiv* CouMtrrtx fok tiiei
Hr.CFI'l ION OF 11. I. 11. URA.ND DDKS At.FXlU.
No. 247 Kboahway, Nkw Yop.K, Oct. 36, 1871.
It is especially to be desired that upon the occasion of th?
Uudui.'ol tin 'imperial Highness the Grand Duke Alexis,
in A merlon, the demonstiailons of welcome be gen
eral and Imposing as possible. It Is, therefore, respectfully
requested tbiit tue t!?i;i ot nil buildings uloiig tnu route
of tbo procession do displayed that tho trout*
the housea b? draped" with burning The
commanders of the vessels iu the harbor are cordially
lnviieii to lend their aid to render the oiled more brilliant by
a general dressing of tbelr ships with signals. It Is, how
ever, hopod thin tli* whole city will present a gala appear
nnoe, and the Invitation to decoration is exunded to alL It is
announced thai the grand "land at Uulon square la for tbe
exclusive use ol tho gentlemen of the hxeccilve and ttecep
tion Commit toe, Invited cuests and thetr ladies and raembsra
oi "the press having tickets. rickets for the Mary Poweii are
for the iiay reception, the grand suud and tho excursion to
West Point, when the Uratid IMike returns from W a-h.n^lon.
(Jentiemen are consequt oily re <ue.sled to retain them.
By order ol the ixecutive Committee.
JAM ?8 K. MONTUOMF.RV, Secretary.
MOVEMENTS OF THE AMEKICAN S?JlAI>KON.
The fog which hung over Uie bay me whole o?
Tuesday cuttsed u sharp watch to be kept on the
reception fleet. Towards nightiall It lilted, aud a
fresh breeze troin east-no rt least was in its trail.
Still no Russians iu night, and old <iuai teriuasters
wagged their gray beards and sain:? glvj 'em
from the 1st to the ftih of November."
I'urlng the night tue wind changed but little, and
towards nioriiiU'4 there was quite a sea running,
with "white caps" and "foaoMra" in abundance,
aud every prospect ol dirty weather. At nine o'clot k
yesterday morning the signal was given to weian
anchor. Ii, doing tins the Congress carried away
her port anchor, the chain snuppm* tinder a suddeu
lureh caused t?y the sea. I he signal to go in "line
ahead" was next given, aud tue lour ves
seis turned their bows towards handy Hook
and soon lclt tile vicinity of tue light
ship to the winds, waves, se t gulls and wild ducks.
The nassage to an auchoragc in Gravesend Hay was
accomplished without mishap and authors were alt
Stopped by noou.
It is diillcult to say when the Grand Duke will
arrive: but the long transatlantic passages maue i>y
iiicondng vessels are not considered a good sign
aui >ng the elderly men of the sea.
J HUSKY'S KIYSmtY EXPLOUIll).

Tbo t oil him no ItwuZ'. ul Cnn
bo nit- Arid (jus Vermel.
Touching the death 01 Murv Fuilmanu, the young
girl wno was round dead iu her tatner's House unt
morning la-,t week under circumstances of an ex
ceedingly mysterious ami suspicious character, au
Inquest was held yesterday i?j Coroner chase, ol
Newark, and a jury of leading liloomllelders, m
follows:? David Oakes, Keubcn N. Dodd, Leonard
Lewis, Edmund 11. Uavey, William col lax, John C.
l'itt, Nathaniel 11. Baldwin, Warren S. Bala win.
Horace I'lersun. Thomas C. Dodd, Charles V. Ward
and buiiih K. Perry. owiujt to the harsh and cruel
character of the deal girl's father toward deceased
and her mother the townsfolk worked
themselves up Into a high state or ex
citement, aud u was declared that Fullmann wiu
the canse ol his daughter's death and of her inoth-r's
illness, bo excited were a number of citizens eveu
yesterday that fears were entertained lor the salety
01 the suspected party. A lung array ol witnesses
were sw>,rn and carefully examined. The testi
tuouy of the leading ones. Including mat ot the
three physicians concerned In tiie case, went
strongly to snow that deaih was the lesuii ol arcl
dent rattier than design. It wassnowu that dr. Full
man was not the kindest hearted man In the world,
but it was not shown that he had commuted any act
of a criminal nature.
THE VERDICT.
After an exhaustive research of the facts, the Jury
about luiif-past four o'clock rendered the loliowtiig
verdict:?
That Mary Fullmaun came to her death at Bloom
ileld. on tne lstn day ol Octobcr, 1S71, Iroui inhaling
carnoulc acid uas, which was produced from burn
ing coal in a stove, the dralt In said stove Having
been closed by Bridget Fullmann, her mother, iictore
retiring, the said stove being in a small, lignr room
in widen said Mary Fuilmauu and Bridget Fullmann
ere sleeping.
THE WLS1FIELD VICTIMS.
?S til'den Krpniia*, hi IIpIIcviik ll*it|iilnl, I Ins
Slill IiiikN In HiiikI Ioi* Hi -lril.il! ion to I be
.*uN??rrrft by Ibr lixpli nloii.
on Friday, lite 21st instant, the IIkkai.d Man led
over to Warden Thomas N. Brennan, or Heilevue
Hospital, the sum of $234 m, being the amount ol
contributions forwarded to this oiilco for distribution
amoug the saiTerers by the Westtield explosion.
Allbough there have been many incidents since
that unhappy occurrence to attract the attention ol
the New York public, aud many demands mado
upon them lor pecuniary aid, yet there are some
kind-hearted citizens wno continued to the last to
provide binds tii order to alleviate the suilerbigs eg
those who were unfortunate enough to be numbered
with the victims on that fatal Sunday a.ternoou.
While Chicago was burning and everybody sympa
thized with tne sutlerers. Warden Brennan did not
lose f itftit or the westneid sufferers, but wasongaged
In distributing, as lar as lie could, the means placed
ut his disposal. As jet, however, there have not
been many applicants for the last sums handod over
by us, and In order t u.it those Interested may be
no nied, the lollowing letter irotu the Warden is
given tielow:?
Bici.i.vvut Hospital, Oct. *5, 1871.
To Tim Emtot: oi run Hrrald:?
I have a* yet only live applicant* for the relief which ymit
paper ?o kinilty collcc ea fur thole win were unfortunately
Injured tiy the eip'ojion on board the WetUlcld. I am aura
there in a mr^e number (some o! whom were Inmate* of this
InmttmloD who are wcttny of thla charity if they were only
acquainted wan the fact that I have received the amount to
distribute among them. Can roll a?il?t me In notifying tuein
anil itreiuly oblige Very truly yours,
llIOMAH S. BRENNAN, Warden.
MURDER IN NEW JERSEY,
Terrible Hesnlt of n Quarrel About deveitj'?
Ave ruts.
Port Morrl#, a mining district of Morris county,
N. J., was the scene recently of a tragic occurrence.
A carpenter, named Lewis u Waidron, gives the
following version:? I was at work ni the house
Where the trouble took place.
men. I wo men went in, named ''"?f J"
t uere had been some dispute about aevent n ve cuits.
which Had been paid overnight, Murray got a quar
of whisKey and came out, fo'lowt'i y ^'Ybreat
in?.!iero: sh^lVSrVW ne did nof bnng bici tho
whiskey; ills mother. Mrs. nl^rln.^ef'tne
jdoprVetor oi the 'wni'ltey .ten, who stepped iip to
and shot lilrain Dean tester, a man about tlilitr
years old, an American, who always bore a goal
reiiiitatioii; ne then turned aud tired a John Burns,
wno caught ttis arm and evaded mo charge: Foster
lived some thirty minutes, and called io Milium
(iriii'ier. the murderer, and "aid, "You've snot me."
(H inder, the alleged murdeier. was arrested and
lodged lu the Morris county Jail, as was also the lad
rihkertou. T.ie murderer's weapon was also se
t ured.
Patrick Moualian. late a driver on one of th?
Broadway llow or stages, fell from ids seat to Iho
pavement on .Saturday last, and was run over by a
passing omnibus of the Madison ftventiJ line. Moiia
lian was taken to Boilevuo Hospital, nud subse
quently died from the Injuries received. Coroner
llernuan was nottfled.