ir<.
EVENING STAR.
DOUBLE SHEET.
WAT1KPAY. October II, 1*71.
L O C A L NE W b.
HEI.P rUK Hl< AGO.
The fitin-m of Washington met in I>r
Presbyterian Church. on 4tij street
east. last evening. but no action wa* taken
W' Merrick, in behalf of the relief committee'
Mating was an.ier.tood the reverend
?'rr*y. d Sunday give the contribu
U**J m their several churches in aid of the re
Iff I lUIHl.
The colored M?on.? met last night, and vol
untary contribution* amounting to ASS were
A consisting of Brothers
Proctor, Sander*, Parker, Brook*. WebsteV
1 ayne and L< wrie, wax appointed to solicit <kv
nation* trim the mtmber>hipof tbe order and
a re?;u*,t was made that the scleral lodges of the
l*trict contribute fn m their relief fund.
The Hacknu n> Association met last night at
I men League Hall. Resolution* of sympathy
were adojted, and it was .lecided that the pr.^
tkTrk? *.ie*Iy .Oct. r,lV *h?nl,i be given to
th? Chicago reiki fund. Messrs. Thos. G.-arv
i* ?gei ch*mbers and the pre?
Idtnt (J. W Plant) were appointed a commit
tee to take charge of the fun.! commit
St- 1>atrick at Union
In!. "r?}7\ e7rn*1,*> ">d a contribution of
frc-m the fund# of the tninnry of the or?ler
was made Messrs. James Colllson, J. F. Nolan
and l>av i<I hcpj.e! were appointed a committee
to >-oiieit contribution*.
Hie Archbishop of Baltimore requests all the
Cathoiic cl?.rgy to take up collections at
all the masses to-morrow, in re*i.oiixe ta the
earn. tar peal or Bishop Foley, of Chicago, in
txhalt nt his suffering people.
R? v. Dr I>rinkhouse, of the Oth-?treet M P
Lurch, will aJ*> have a collcction taken un in
his church. y
f'THE* roWTRIBrTTOSd.
Tbe I.-raelites of this city, without regard to
eongrt national distributions, Tester lav trans
mits d to Chicago the sum of $4iH.3? their
contribution to the sutTerers in that city which
m m was contributed by Mr. H. M. Prinee and
his colleagues m tbe good work.
At a late meeting ot tbe Washington S.engor
bund the sum of *300 was subscribed to aid the
pet ple of Chi< ago, and that amount was yester
day sent the proper authorities by Simon Wolf
Em|.. on behalf of the association.
An additional contribution of #S2 was received
ft* m the patent attorneys yesterday
Several additional packages of clothing hare
been recei ved and forwarded to Chicago by the
Women s Christian Association.
About Sl? were contributed by the employes
of the architect s office, U. S. Capitol.
1 hree hundre.l and thirty-one dollars and sev
enty-three cents is the amount the children of
the first district schools have contributed TL's
money is from the children's savings.
t J" contributed by the employes of
the enlistment branch of the Adjutant General a
t'fr.ce. \N ar Department.
The Illinois State Republican Association has
raiMd between four and five thousand dollars for
th. relief of their neighbors, of Chicago. Mr.
M?>eal, president of the association, and Mr.
iswail. ot the lira of Yates A Wiswall. kft for
bicago thls afternoon to attend to the distribu
tion ot there funds and a large amount of cloth
ing ami other goods.
it&FETC" tht MyClrrmicr* eontrib.,
C?re?70 1 Je" VkrvnidtJob
i.lbVu!,-2n0.Yrerc,lli"d fOT fund by the
l?a?e ball match yesterday.
Nearly *l,V<? were raised by the promendae
?J Washington Light Infantry and
JtiUffnir Counted Guard, at Maxmlc Temple
Mr. Merrick has received the following tele
gram from Mayor Mason of Chicago:
Chicago, Oct. 13?Kirhard T. XTfrri. lt, Chair
man of C hicago BtK'f LvmwUttff -Your dispatch
r?ieived. 1 hardly know how to expnw* the
thanks of our citizens for the ^..ble effort of the
residents of the District of Columbia to ame:io
rate oi.r great suflerings. You who hav.- re
eled here can imagine our gratitude better
than I can express it. We have perfect order
and the city will soon be suppled with water!
txpriss our great gratitude to your citizens.
w7nerk?nCert 0fthe Chorml S<^iefv af Lincoln
Mall this evening tor the relief fund, will be a
crowd# 1 a* D? 1,0111,1 house will be
The proprietors of tbe Mount Ycrnon steamer
"Vw -.^ave onerously donated the entire nro
0n "e3Lt Mon,LiV ft* the ben, fit
or the bicago sufferers. The "boat will leave
Stephenson s wharf, root or 7th street, at 10 Z
r't"r','n? "h?"1 V- Members of the
said committee will accompany the party, and
f. l''ea*ant trip un.ler the direction of the gen al
Stackjs>le mav be anticipated. g
The ladirs who have been receiving contribu
tions and preparing clothing for the relief of the
,ca^o sufferers, at the residence of Col. Wall
bJt or *?ett^Wii11' thK* 'Tenin?- ?end off a large
lot of material, which includes about one
intended for women
and children. This donauon will be among the
t desirable and timely, as the wants or this
be rfcadil>supi.lied as rh.me of men
b^J'-grown boys. The ladies are still at work
and other boxes will follow, thns giving those
wfcohave?< contributed in materials..? laU.r
*n opportunity to yet particij^te in the good

Extra Kewnlon ?r the Legislative A+
_ seuihly
torifii^-Tk Council met yesterday at 5
o clock, and adjourned to await action of the
House o! l>el> gates on the Chicago relief bill.
_ "F D?l*oatks-Mr. Cassin, from the
fecial committee on the Governor's Chicago
fwlif. that bu recommenda
tions be carried into effect.
Mr. IMckson. from the Committee on Annrn.
pnat.ons, r, i-orted the bill authoring the iL^
o, 9JU>,U? t Vicago relief ^n.ls with /n am^d
m? nt en mptmg the bon<ls trum municiinil tax
22d*,S2 ?"*b">
TTrl.that number
of copies of M e bill be printed for both Houses.
*r. Campbell, chairman of the Committee on
?Appropriation*, read the following:
Mttdrrd.That the Chicago Belter Committee
rec. n,m. nd the passage of the bill providing for
01 V <:n!caK? Relief Bonds, and
recommend that under nocirctim^tances
rtould the sum be rednced. Passed unatiimous
'y* T. Mkhk Chairman.
Adjourned. Com.
i?^H* Board ?f Fit* Commissioners met
last evening, and the assistant chief eniineer
tbe^Henrv A* J1*1*"*'0" of Walter HUleary, of
Meiiry A?fch<M>ti company, Georgetown* arid
>,r n?-vk> Mr Hi 1 leary wasre/n
?I i" roBimittee or hose rt forttd that
Vji' ?J?S* purchased 3i>0 reet of gum hose. Mr.
McDeyitt moved that the committee ou appa
ratus inquire it the truck now at the United
States arsenal can be ha<l and used by this depart
m?nt. He said, in makirg the motion, that
during the winter the truck of the det.)*rtm^i.t
"5 ?J out o: repair, or may be disabled ou a run
U\At *trurk is lV"g "lie at the
J* belonging to the United Stat, s goveru
ZXLlh.t "hould try an/ guard
afl th^ f r ',M Uuck ?>w Las to ^o to
f. rn Vr*' ,ow 0,1 h *rvice to i?'r
Jr.e nu>tH>n a4ioi>ted. Mr s/arin
rre^nt:,J for repairing No. 5
^t cf ^X;.01 ?,ur|ftu,n. au estimated
^?***A5ia StHiBTzair, hear*e.l hv
i ??c ^'-d. umW the command of Junior
Ir rv< 'prooee,1,Ml to the residence
fiL n' w kinK- Mr. .loLn A Seiler. on Thitrs
ilhu h'v him ?ervua4h. after
C?T**Dder addressed
u l? "",UI? api>ropriate remirks to
which the shooting monarch 0f the liermania
replied briefly, thanking Lis brethren for the
b? r? r of their visit. He then invited them into
ThJ xZ J, n W'!T ,if*r>"y entertained.
The Schmtarn then visited the residence of
t/ L 'J[ <-ott,?",1der H. Koch, whom they treated
excelb nt mnsic, in return for which lie
Tbe wS'Xl" thL mO0t ?rM?rou* manner, j
jne society anerwards proceeded to the resi
dence or their treasurer Mr. Kotzel who also
^?dtTt^rji2r%^aTdh2 to^t^
tributing liberally: eTery on?
r* **o'?T*ATf
Jor Homrn to ot on EUctum Div it.
woman s meeting, held lad night, li'lTa A
L?>rkwuo?l, Lydi? S. Hall. Anna E. Pratt, Maria
S" E. Saxton were appointed
ll?n^? ^r ?*4?r*,ioo to sit at Union }>*gu?
Hall on Monday for the purpoee or reft^tnfnx
kian OIpolta waM*1'' 60 T?Uon th? foar uilI,o?
the balk)ts^>t eUfCtton
ing paiwed a resolution of lympndiy with the
SSrfeV?"'" *nd
TBI |ScRrEMAKKK ruvo -PmfMn. r-?.I
Kichter, the agent for this piano In this city Lai
on hand a large assortment of very line i?tr"
Bents. Lase of action, pnrlty of tone and power
cLaracteristics or the*. ,.1anos
Proi. Kichter takes pleasures in showing visitors
tl? different styles on hand. The salerooms a,
?_n Pennsv 1 vanlaa>euue, between *h and loth
My north Mde.
Act ^f*T?JkWery o/? y,?t.
rinn- a carrier of The Sta? for
^e Bo^ri^:th street b^?d
Thursday in^hr returning from his work on
9 o r***- was knocked
t, '"'V Park gate, on the 7th
ttu> time. amount on his person at
KE?'?TaATtow m 7^,, n?TD1?,
The P?kr?l of Hfgistration recor.lwl thT i.U^~
?f 3?6 voters 'n tbe ninth district vester-U^^"
white. W ?kml The Hrst rei^^-^:
Jtai wae C3?vL.'te, 410.: colored, >3.
LOCAL POLITICS.
Of K HOTEMBER ILE(TIO\.
"Th* Pot a'Bilim."
Ltflg %Wt?Hmf 411 Or*r Totem.
Dflr(?l? Nnrni) Krnominntrd In the
With DIxIrirL
The J?f rcrement Bill KntU>rted?Sjetck by A.
Grant in Its far nr.
The republicans of the Sixth district held a
mat* meeting last night at Green'* Hall. Thos.
>i arris hairmar. and Joseph Venning secretary.
Mr. It rooks offered a series of resolutions that
they are in favor of public improvement*; pro
tection of labor; opi*wed to the contract system:
in tavor of paving the laborers 92 per <Uv. and
are in favor of the independence of the ballot
box. Adopted.
Capt. James Kelly offered a resolution dc
Mr. John r. Murray tbe unanimous
choice ot the republican party of the Sixth dis
vf*' aD<' themselves to use all honor
able means to secure his re-elcction to the
House of Delegates.
Mr. Brooks addressed tbe club in behalf of tbe
claims of Mr. Murray, and endorsed the Board
of Public Works. Wyatt Moton then made a
short speech in favor of the resolution; after
which Una* unanimously adopted. Mr. Mur
tay retnrned his acknowledgments for the honor
bestowed, in a neat speech. Capt. Kelly, Mr.
Oliver, Jam?s U. Smith, Smith Wormley and
others made addresses endorsing the candidate;
after which, A. Grant being present, was loudly
called tor, and came forward amid loud cheers.
He said he most heartily endorsed the Board of
Public Works. At first he was opposed to them;
but he now sees that they are a patrlot ic set of ge u
tl< m? n. ami he advised all to support them and
vote for the four million loan. {Immense cheer
ing.) [This is not the "General" A. Grant who
claims to have put down the war, but a modest
colored man of the same name, who make* no
such extravagant pretensions.]
Eighth District BepnblirtMi.
Thott Bu$y b's?Buryett, Brail, un? brookt?
Cannot
A meeting of the Republican Glnb of the
r.ighth district w as held at Liberty Hall Wed
r.' s<iay night, Mr. George Burgess in the chair,
and V ash Walter secretary.
Mr. Joseph Lomax and "Mr. Robert .Johnson
both objected to the adoption of the minutes of
the last meeting on the ground that the four
million resolution was recorded as carried, when
no such resolution was acted on.
The club however adopted the minutes by a
ten decided vote.
Mr. R.J. Beall protested against this hasty
action, and asked if this course of proceeding
was a lair sample of the manner in which busi
ntss was to be transacted.
Cries of "put turnout," "no you won't," daring
which Mr. W. H. Gaine* and lieall had a war ot
words. Gainessaying"l wan't you tobequiet,"
and Beall replying, -don't insult mo here; i ll
meet you any where outside."
Messrs. Joseph Brooks and Long wore ap
pointed sergeants-at-arms.
Mr. T. W. Chase here charged that there was
a faction present, whose efforts appeared to be
directed to disorganization.
Mr. Lomax essayed to ieply,but the confusion
was so great that he could not be hewd?the
presidtnt using a cane to bang on the platform,
calling "Order, gentlemen, if you please." The
herculean Brooks, meanwhile.' was waddling up
and down In front of the chair, exclaiming,
44 Gentlemen, will you take your seats," and
Anally getting into a war of wort's with a stranger,
whom he charged as not being a resident of the
district. For a time it seemed that a tight only
would deteimine the question.
A motion was here made that any one called
to order who 'fuses to take his se at be expelled."
The president stated that he would receive
n< initiations tor members of the executive com
mittee.
Mr. Beall asked if it was understood that each
member was bound to vote for the four million
loan. [Voices.?" Yes!" >*o!" Vote as you
please," and confusion.]
Kr mlnations being declared in order, some
thirty or forty names were taken, and after a
wild discussion they proceeded to vote, and se
lected the following: James Williams, Silas
Browning, Marshall Brown, Sylvester Ford.
W. H. Gaines, Hiram Ball, T.'E. Green, S.
White, J. B. Brooks, Moses Coleman, Joseph
Brooks. Dr. Hunton, John W. Poinerov, Eze
kiel Griffin, and W. E. Sott. S. Anderson was
rejected by a vote of -J6 to 61; Charles Dabner, T
to U, and S. Jackson, (three times) loct by 05 to
1?4.
The election was made unanimous.
Mr. Chase offered a resolution providing for a
primary election on Tuesday next from 12 to 7
o'clock.
Mr. Johnson moved that no mnn be supported
who is rot in ta\or of fj per day for 8 hours
labor.
Mr. Brown moved to amend by saying and
not in favor of ?2 |>er day for laborers", and *3
for homes and carts on corporation work, ami in
favor ol the four million bill; and the amend
ments were agreed to.
Mr. Beall said as the amendments had been
adooted he supposed he would have no busiiies.
at the primary election for he was oppo>cd to
the tour million bill. (Voices?" Put him out."
44 Vou can't do it," Jtc.J
The resolution as amended was adopted.
D. Hudnell nominated S. R. Bond for the
House of Delegates. (Cheers, j
The following were elected judges of election:
W. E. Kott, T.E.Green and Washington Waller.
The chair aj>{iointed as challengers James
Li max and J. K. Brooks.
Mr. J. R. Brooks offered a resolution, which
was unanimously adopted: That they will not
urge or support the elect on of any man for the
House or Delegates who does not favor, and who
will not pledge himself to use all ettorts in his
l?ower to secure to the people the right to elect
the Council and all other officers of the District
whose pay exceed *2,QM a vear; and who does
not tavor the (lay's work system, and s'? per day
for laborers.
Dislrlel Republicans on the
The republicans of the yth district held a
meeting at Union Hall, on ltth street, near G.
last night. On taking the chair, the president
of the club, Mr. Zalinon Richard*, made a lew
remarks in favor of the four million loan and
the present government of the city. His views
met with general approbation, and he was
warmly applauded. Fletcher Burlev placed
John Cnrry In nomination for president of the
club, and Mr. Peters nominated Mr. Z. Rich
ards. Mr. Jackson said he would like to know
something about Mr. Curry's jolitkal views,
as he
"DIDX'T LIKE TO BTT A PIO IX A BAO."
Finally, after much disorder, a rira voce vote
was taken on Mr. Currv's nomination, but it
could not be determined from the sound whether
it was carried or lost, ai d there was a call for a
division of the house, when Mr. Richards an
nounced his resignation. His friends, however,
would not listen to such a proposition, and in
sisted that the house be divided, which was done,
Mr. Brown and Dr. Purvis being ap|>oiutcd tell
ers. Atter several counts, amid much confu
sion, the tellers announced the result as follows
For Richards, 40; for Curry. 38. John Curry
was then elected vice president. At this iioint
that*1" tujnu't arw?e> large number insisting
Cr*BY *r*T HE rREsiDEXT.
Mr. Richards tound it impossible to prererve
order, and appealed to the polictmcn present to
take some ot the disorderlies to the statiou-liou?e.
in the midst ot the confusion. Isaiah Washing
ton was nominated as secretary, and was dc
clarc d elected. Without waiting to elect a
treasurer the meeting adjourned, with hisses,
groans, yells, orths, and other demonstrations
of dissatisfaction.
The Campbell Is omiug.
war is the vocrtekxth district.
A lliyk Oid Meettng?Connolly ogaintt Campbell?
Tke Police Called ta to Keep the i'eact.
A meeting of the republican club of the Four
teenth d'-triet was held at Bouldin's church last
night, and the edifice was crowded almost to
suffocation. Before the hour of meeting arrived
(several speakers being present) a meeting was
organized by selecting Mr. Thomas L. Tulloek
temporary cbaiiman, and Mr. John M.Morris,
or the Chronicle, was introduced and st.oke
briefly on the present pro?i>erity of the t>e?ple,
and argued that if they would continue prosiier
ous thev must support the republican party and
secure its success again.
Jerry Robinson said that he was not satisfied
with the present administration, ami charged
that tbe claims of the colored meu had been
overlooked.
Mr. Campbell asked Jerry to give way to al.
low speakers from other districts to speak.
Jerry declined to yield; but at tnis time Mr.
T. C. Connolly (the president of the club) ar
rived and Mr. Tullock vacated the chair, aud
Mr. G. C. Kuhn took his position as secretary.
Mr. Connolly called the meeting to order, and
unrolling
rorRTKBX PAGES OF FOOLSCAP,
proceeded to read an a<idress criticising the loan
wll, and urging the voters not to be deterred by
?JT Perty who threatens to have them dis
charged from work if they did not vote to suit
thea. saying such tyranny Is most despicable.
Jf??* M"1" He closed by speaking
uc ciuseu oy speaking
on the labor question, advising that they should
not charge so high and work for such limited
time ae to leapt strangers to come here to work
tor lew. (Applause and hisses. J
Jerry Robinson, Peter Campbell and others
attempted to apeak, and Mr. Campbell having
been recognized mounted the bench in front ot
the pulpit; snd asked leave to make a few
remarks In reply to this
MOOT EXTRAORDINARY ADDRESS
he had ever listened to. [Cries of 44 Sit down,"
44 Go on," 44 Campbell," Kinney,' &e.J He
had brought several speakers to the meeting,
and he would like the meeting to hear them.
Jerry Robinson.- We don t want them."
(Cries of "Go on," "Put him out," 44 Vou can't
do it," "Capt. Mahon," and confusion generally,
in the midst of which several oraOrs could be
seen
WILDLT 0XST]Cri-A7!*0,
but their voices could not be heard
Tbe chair.?Mr. Campbell has the floor.
[Voices?"Campbell," Jfcc.l
Mr. W. H. Po|>e, who bad Wen talking against
the wind for ten minutes, here managed to make
his \oice beard, and said that I>elegate ('amp
bell spi ke at the last meeting, and occupicd fie
time until late at night. It was understood that
replies would be made to-night, and it is hardly
fair that he should occupy theentlre time of this
mcttinir. (Voice*.?"Cami'btll," "Cimpbell.")
Mr. Campbell mounted the table amidst the
most
rWEARTHLT TELLS
i evr heard in a hoiw of worship; while Lieut.
Kelly, with a poeae of police, anticipating that
their wivicett would soon 1* required, made their
way to the front. Mr. Campbell Anally suc
ceeded in saying loud enough to be beard, "If
you wid keep quiet you may ask all the questions
you choose.'
Mr. p..pe.?"Do you refer to me? God forbid
that 1 should ask anything of one who accused
m< of voting the democratic ticket at the last
election. ell* and sertamsof "Put him out,"
?'You can't do it." &e.]
Mr. Campbell replied that the manor set of
men who circulated the report that he had made
any such assertion circulated
A MALICIOCB FALSEHOOD;
but he did charge that Pope was present at a
caucus a few evenings previously, when it was
resolved to break up this meeting.
Mr. Pope If he savs that 1 was present at
such a caucusi he says w Lat is not true."
Mr. Connolly, who"was standing on the table
I with Campbell, alter vigorous pounding, suc
cet ded in getting in his say that Campbell, hav
ing had his hearing at the previous meeting, had
usurped his (Connolly's) place, and was
ATTEMPTIKO TO Rl'5 THIS MEET1SO.
This raised pandemonium again, and it was some
minutes before anything like order prevailed.
Cheers and groan* were alternately given for
Campbell, Pope, Kinney, and the Board of Pub
lic Works, accompanied by the cry of a disap
pointed contractor d?n the Board of Public
Works."
Mr. Connolly suggested that Campbell be al
low d a reasonable time to speak.
Mr. Campbell here mounted the table again,
having left it during the preceding squabble,
and said I know you want free? [Cheer>
and cries of" Put him out."] I don't know why
Mr. Connolly farms out ten minutes time to aie.
I w ill pro* eed if not interrupted by those w lw in
caucus
RESOLVED TO T.KEAK TP THIS MKKTtXO,
ard he (i<ointing to Mr. Herron) is one of them."
Mr. Herron.?" 1 defy you to bring the proof."
[Yells.l
Mr. Campbell said he wanted to replv to this
most extraordinary speech. The i resident, he
said, had made insinuations of corrupt bargains
and expenditures but no direct charges, ami
made no argument on which to base such in
sinuations. lie would decline any attempt to
answer such a speech except to say that he
despised, scorned, and spit U|>on the spirit who
gave utterance to such unkind, untrue, low,
mean, dirty, contemptible remarks. [Commo
tion, and screams, yells, Jtc., with cheers.J
Lieut. Kelley.?"I hope to God you will keep
quiet. If vou don't, 1 will clear the hall."
[Voice'?" That's right."]
'1 lie commotion continued on the floor; Robin
son, llerron, and others gesticulating, and
Campbell and Connolly on the table having
A WAR OF WORDS.
which ended in Cuinpbell telling Connolly he
would meet him at anytime and anywhere, with
tongue or muscle. Heron said he rose to a priv
ileged question, amid cries of "Sit down!"
?'Campbell!" Ac. Jerry Kobinson, whose ex
citement had l ecn rapidly increasing, and whose
voite seemed a pitch higher thau any others,
w as here
RtW Ot T BT LIEUT. KELLY,
and there was some disposition by the crowd to
follow, but an uplifted baton on either side of
the lieutenant prevented them. In a little time
Lieut. Kelly returned.and Kobinson again turned
up, and protested against the action of the jh>
lice, amid cries of "Put him out!" Mr. Morris
Murphy at the same time proceeded to speak,
charging that Kobinson had violated the rules
of the club; that he came there to break up the
meeting, 4tc. In the midst of the wild confu
sion a motion w as made to adjourn and carried,
and Mr. Connolly vacated the table, Lieut. Kel
ly and bis officers clearing out the larger ]>ortion
of the as emblage.
Mr. M urph> denied that the motion to adjonrn
had been properly put, as he wad on the floor,
and moved that they go Into
MASS MEETIJIO
with Joseph Reynolds in the chair, which was
carried. M r. Reynolds mounted Jthe table and
stated that the object of the meeting was to nomi
nate a candidate for the House of Delgates.
Mr. McFarland?"Oh no, don't do It, you'll
split the party." Herron.?"Go ahead if you
want to get beat."
Mr. Campbell urged that no such action
should be taken, as at the previous meeting it
bad been resolved to postpone the nomination
until the 17th, as for his course he did not know
of an act he regretted. They had got work at
?1 J5o, and he hoped soon their pay would he in
creased. [Cheers and groansfor Campbell.]
A resolution endorsing the four million bill
and the course of their delegate Peter Campbell
was adopted with cheers and groans, and the
meeting adjourned, the police this time forming
a line against the north wall of the room until
it was entirely vacated.
Warren t'hoate Nominated in the Fif
teenth District.
The republicans of the Fifteenth district held
a meeting last night at Wills Hall, Patrick
Doyle in the chair, and C. H. Dahle sec
retary. Resolutions were adopted endorsing
the course of the present city administra
tion; recognizing in Mr. Warren Choate "one
pre-eminently fitted by birth, training and
innate worth to be the standard bearer of the
republicans of the Fifteenth district;" pledging
their support to the plan of improvements
marked out; endorsing the !M,000,000 act; recom
mending *2 per day tor eight hours labor, and
expressing the opinion that all positions, the
salary of which is more than $2,000, should be
elective. A committee was appointed to inform
Mr. Choate of his nomination.
Bed.liot Meeting of the Seventeenth
District Republican*.
Chojilain Green in a Minority of Our. on tke Ita
j.rorement (fuettion?An Ui'finitktd Speeck?
Her. Reuben liumetCt Rem nitc-ncet of 1872.
A meeting of the Republican Club of the Sev
enteenth district was held at Island Hall last
night, Colonel Perry Carson in the chair.
A letter was read from the president of the
club. F. A. Bos well, stating that he had been
called out of town, and could not be present. He
added that the four million bill must be sustained.
Mr. Williams stated that he was in favor of the
loan, ami only wished it was ten millions instead
of four millions. He offered resolutions, which
were adopted, that the club endorse the four
million loan; that they pledge their best efforts
to carry the loan bilf through, and that they
endorse the present delegate for re-election to
the I^-gL-lative Assembly.
Mr. John F. Cost in offered a resolution en
dorsing the action of acting Governor Stanton In
calling an extra session of the legislative As
stmbly, and pledging support of any measure
which" may be taken for the relief of the Chi
cago sultcrera: adopted.
t liaplain tlreen addressed the meeting in op
position to the *4,000,1*10 loan, saying it was a
wholesale sweep to impoverish the poor people,
and extei minate them. Another abominable
act they had tione w as to pass an act making
every householder go into the gutter and pick
grass out of it or be fined ?-10. He had lived in
this city forty years, and never heard of such a
thing before.
Mr. Costin said Mr. Green was laboring
IS EOYPTIA* DARKNESS.
The argument he used did not amount to a pinch
of snutl.
Mr. MudU was stirred up, and made a few re
marks.
Mr. Williams charged that Chaplain Green
was never tuited, because he did not get what ho
wanted, and was always a traitor to his party,
lie asserted that any ni?n who votes against the
loan votes against his own bread and
meat.
Green retorted that Williams had uttered the
same sentiments that all the other scoundrels
do who get everything themselves and
TURK OF* THE B1UUKK WITH KOTHINO.
Look at 7 th street. It had been cut down,
w-a-y d-o-w-n; and what does it mean? It
means that every other street which crosses It
has got be cut down, too, to the same gra<le. ami
that the poor devils who live on its lino have got
topav or be sold out.
During this exciting attack on and defence of
the Board of Public Works, Rev. Reuben Bur
nett. a colored man with a white neck-tie, came
bowing up the aisle from the entrance door, and
everybody seemed to be
OS TIP-TOR FOR A RRD-HOT SPEECH.
Mr. Burnett, after shaking hands with Colonel
Perry Carson, and laying aside his hat and cane,
said Mr. President and brothers, I have been
living in Washington ever since 1872, and?
At this Interesting point the meeting broke out
in one united hurrah of laughter, which nothing
could stop. Colonel Perry Carson hammered
the table with base-ball bat, but there was no
let up. Yell after yell continued, and the chair
man was obliged to adjourn the meeting, and
Rev. Mr. Burnett's speech remains unspoken.
Bepnbliean ftpllt In the Nineteenth
TDlatrlete
DOCBLEKARRELBD XEBTIlfO LAST HIQHT.
A. CoMn Bolt?One of tke Stctdert Tkinkt He it
at Good a Man at General Grant,? Tke Regular
Republican Endow tkt Gotemor and Board
of PulUic Workt.
The republicans of the Nineteenth Legislative
district had a doublo-barreled meeting at Market
Hall, corner 1st ami H *U., Wednesday evening,
P. C Berry in the chair. Allan Coffiu, who is a
red-hot aspirant for legislative honors, end who
was nominated by a faction of the club about a
week ago as a candidate for the House of Dele
gates, but whose nomination was subsequently
withdrawn, attempted to read a series or resolu
tions of a general character, but was continually
interrupted by members of the club, who in
sisted that the meeting was called solely to elect
new officers of the club, and that no business
could be transacted until this was done. Mr.
Coffin persisted in reading, notwithstanding the
tumult, and after he had concluded the chair
pnt the question on their passage, and they were
almost unanimously voted dowu for the reason
above stated.
Andrew Glesson.?" I see taking an active
part in this meeting a man who was arrested
last week and fined by Justice Mills
*5 FOR CCRSISO oa*. oravt;
I object to his taking part here."
[Cries of "Who is he "Name him &c.l
Andrew Glesson.?" His name Is Daniel Mills,
and the officer who arrested him is present."
Mills here came to the fore, and tried to ex
plain matters, saying he was as good a friend of
Gen. Giant as any member of the club. Great
disorder followed this assertion; some of the
m> mb*r* pronouncing it slur on every repub
UttB prtwiit Mills finally explained that he
had ?aid he van
AS GOOD A HAlf A? OSS ORAST;
nevertheless he was a good republican.
A Voice?"Gen. Grant is a better man than
your whole family."
Mill*?'? You're* a liar."
Several parties here made a (rr*n -1 rn*h fhr
him, hut the policemcn interfered and finally
restoied quiet.
P. B. Powell waselected temporary chairman,
and Ed. M. Gorman secretary ro tern. There
upon Allsn Coffin, Capt. Berry, and about a
dozen others left the hall amid loud derisivt
cries of "Good bye!"
TAKE Y*orR COFFtW ALOXO!"
Whose funeral is this'?"' &c.
The meeting then permanently organized bi
electing the fallowing officers tor the ensuinj
year: President, Andrew Glea?m; vice presi
dt nts, Henry Taylor and John Tabl?s; secretary
C. Kyan; treasurer, A. Russell. Resolution:
were then passed warmly endeirsijur Governoi
Cooke, the Board of Public Works, and thelat?
administration of Savles J. Bowen. Remarki
wore made by Capt. J. C. Wall, Daniel E. Ca
hill, and others; after which the meeting ad
journed to meet next Wednesday night, to nom
mate a candidate for the Bouse of Delegates.
THE C(>rri5 BOLTERS
after leaving the hall went to the house of Mr
Bills, corner of East Capitol and H streets, am
after several speeches adjourned to meet at the
all of the chair.

More Domestic lufvlirity.
THE HOMB OK THK HOLMSKS.
A few weeks since James H. Holmes, a clerk ii
the Bureau of Education, and husband of Julii
Archibald Holmes, was arrested at the instanci
of his wife tor beating her. and was also place<
under bonds to keep the |>eace. A short tim<
afterwards a charge of assault and battery wa
preferred bv Mr. Holmes against a bfothei
of his wife. When this ease came before Judg<
Snell, although it api>earcd in evidence that Mrs
Hal men* brother 1:r<1 simply protected his sistei
from her husband's violence, the defendant wt
lined ?.1 and costs?amounting in all to 915
On the 25th of September last several affidavit;
were made before Justice Martin in relation t<
the conduct of Holmes. The first, by Mrs
Holmes, sets forth that for three or lour year
past she has exj-erlenced very cruel and abiislv<
trtatment from her husband', and that in conse
quence of his violence towards her she ha
believed her life to be in danger; that within th<
week before, her husband took her bed from hei
room and placed It in a room on another floor
connecting with his own bed-room, for th<
acei mmentation of a woman whom she believe:
he brought from New York ostensibly as hi:
private secretary; that her husband and th<
above-mt'i .ioncd woman occupied the two rooru
in common, and that upon her going into thi:
room once he struck her, and forcibly attemptei
to eject her therefrom, leaving the marks of hi:
hand ujidh her arm. ordering her never to entci
the roeim again. She further states that sh?
verily believes that her husband was living li
adultery with the said woman.
The second affidavit is by ClaraM. Archibald
sister of Mrs. Holmes who testified that whil<
working in 'he Government Printing Office !a.-i
summer, she was coutiuually annoyed bv in
sulting and ii.decent propositions by Holmes
that he finally attempted by force to accom
plish his evil puiiiose against her. and she wai
compelled to leave her work and htr sister U
eseai>e his persecutions and assaults.
The thlre affidavit is by Margaret C. O'Brien
a niece of Mrs. Holmes, who testifies to the ba.
treatment of his wife by Holmes. She has seer
him strike her several times, and believes thai
lie has lived in adultery with the woman referred
to in Mrs. Holmes' affidavit.
We have received cards from Mr. and Mrs
Holmts in relation to the above. In her car*;
Mrs. Holmes states that the publication yester
day in a morning paper was entirely unau
thorized; that she fs sorry she made an affidavit
in her anger which "does Injustice to hei
husband and to the young lady referrer
to; and that the private affairs of her f.umlv
have been made nubile in a crneland exagger
ated manner; and that she and Mr. Holmes now
pror>ose, notwithstanding past difficulties, to live
amicably and respectably together as man anti
wife. Mr. Holmes, in his card, indignantly deniet
the truth of the published charges against him
and says that, desiring to relieve the Bureau ot
Education of any taint of reproach on his ac
count. he has tendered his resignation as a clerl<
ol that bureau. All's ".ell thatem'e well."
Ranltary Nnbjeeta.
The Board of health met last evening, and on
motion of Mr. Marbury. the treasurer was au
thorized to anticipate the sums subscribed for
the Chicago sufferers from the monthly salaries
of the different inspectors, each of whom gives
one day's pay for the fund.
The question as to whether the inspector of
fish shall be comjiensated by fees or a stated
salary was discussed, and laid over until the next
nueting. The ordinance declaring stables built
within fifty feet of any dwelling to oe a nuisance
was repealed.
boat noiLiwo.
Mr. Marbury offered resolutions declaring it
to be the opinion of the board that the boiling of
bones, the rendering of fat, the salting of hides,
and the manufacture of soap, if not nro|?erly
conducted, is injurious to health, ami that ft
shall be the duty of the inspector general to sec
that all establishments where the business ot
bone boiling, fat rendering, hide salting, and
soap manufacturing are conducted be kept in a
cleanly condition, and that all the modern ap
pliances used |tn the largo cities for conveying
off the steam and effiuvia arising from said
business shall be used, under a penalty of ?1<J
for every non-compliance with these regula
tions.
Dr. Verdi opposed the resolutions, and, on
motion of Mr. Langston, they were laid o\er
until next week.
THE HABRAOK IJI'ESTIOX.
The Inspector General rejsirted that he bad
divided the city into thirty-six districts, and as
signed a garbage collector"to each, with instruc
tions to collect all garbage, filth, diseased vege
tables and other unsound matterfoundon ea h of
the premises located therein, daily; to inf >rin all
parties living in their districts to depo> t their
garbage at some suitable and accei sible ;>lace on
their premises, in a vessel which v? ill h >ld such
matter, in order that the same m?.y be collected
daily, and rei>ort all persons wl o ma/ tail to
comply with this request to the Inspec or Gen
eral in writing, that proper stei? mav bo taken
to enforce the sanitary regulations. S'o garbage
master, under any circumstances, will be per
mitted to absent himself from duty any day, or
part of day, without obtaining from the office a
permit so to do. A violation of this rule will be
deemed sufficient cause for removal. A failure
on the part of any garbage master to collect such
garbage, as hereinbefore described, from any
premises located within his district, or to treat
tho?e> with whom he may come in contact dis
courteously, will be deemed sufficient cause for
the removal of the delinquent.
Caw this bk So??A morning paper states
that a lady named Mrs. Evans, wlio was burned
out of house- and home during the recent fire in
Chicago, secured from General Sheridan a pass
for herself and two children trom that city to
Washington, lltr pass was honored by every
conductor on the route with but one exception.
On the Washington branch Baltimore Ohio
road it was dishonored, and she was threatened
with expulsion from the cars. A humane gen
tl< man who had listened to her story a* related
to the conductor, was kind enough to advance
the funds necessary for her transportation, and
the lady was therefore enabled to complete her
journey, and arrived in this city yesterday.
A Hoo Case Since the enforcement of the
law in reference to the keeping of hogs within
the city limits a number of colored families sent
their swine to Chas. Robinson, residing in the
county, ami a short time ago one Fielder
Magruder obtained a judgment against Robin
son, and A. J. Thomas, constable, levied on the
hogs. Several of the parties obtained writs ot
replevin for the projierty from Justice Keese,
before whom the caw was argued a dav or two
since by Mr. Burgess for claimants, and St. llinc
for Thomas, the stipulation with ltohlnson was
that he was to have onc-lialf of the increase ot
the swine. The Justice gave judgment in favor
of the plaintiffs.
Th? Focbtbbsth Street Sewer?ExUn
txtt Rtvairt found Xrefttary.?This morning,
Mr. W. H. Chase, superintendent of sewers, &c.,
ezamtned the upper portion of the 14th street
sewer, and found that above the opening made
south of H street, for over a square, the work
was in danger of falling in at any moment, and
at other points above there are breaks and wash
ings of the earth which will render it necessary
to rebuild four or five hundred feet in all. Mr.
base will report the condition of the sewer to
the Board of Public Works, with a recommen
dation that it be immediately repaired.

Tbbateb-gobrs who have failed to see the
Morlaccbi-Majlltnn Troupe at Wall's Opera
House this week should avail themselves of the
last chance to-night if they wish to witness a
novel and very Interesting performance. The
French Spy, though well played by the com
pany is only a setting for tne graceful danclri?
of Morlacchi, the mad freaks of tho.se comic 1
and wonderful grotesque dancers, the Majlltons,
and the beautiful evolutions of a very fine ballet
corps.
Thh Truck Horn of the Metropolitan Hook
and ladder Company has recently been com
pletely refitted and futnished with new carpets
and bedding, and the men feel grateful to the
Board of Commissioners for their comfortable
quarters. The stable has also been put in com
Cete order, and the hostler, Mr. C. H. Lewis,
is decorated it with pictures, &c., making it
look as neat and bright as a parlor.
Chabi.es Matthew8 appears for the last
time in our city at the National Theater to
night, and bis departure will lie regretted by
numerous lovers of the drama who have greatly
enjoyed bis easy and graceful acting. The
Liar'" and "Used Up," two of the sprightliest
comedies In his repertoire have been selected
for the closing performance.
Kfal Estate Sai.es?By Green Williams,
auctioneers. last evening, two three-storv brick
bouses, corner l!Hh and Q streets, to'W. V
Wile v, for 93,3(0 carb.
wmhiigtotr h vr\rr.n hoi se.
T*e (ihml or a WlfkH Maria*.
H* THINOS LIVELY 111 HIS OLD HOME.
The neighborhood ?I 9th street, between Q an t
H streets southeast, has been the scene ot great
excitement thia week, in consequence of stone*
In circulation that a two-story frame house in
the rear ot the garrison, occupied by a family
named Boneliart. is haunted bv the gho-t of it*
toi rner occupant, a marine by the name of How
ard. He was the owner of the house, and died
there some eight or nine months sines. He i?
represented to hare been
A FEARFTLLT WICKED MAR,
who abased his family ami all around him. am!
finaUvd:ed blaspheming his Maker and cursing
his wife and children. His widow and children
soon moved trom the premises, not being able
to sleep on account of hearing strange noises it
the house, and they rented it to the Bonehart's
took i*?mmon about two months since, noi
bearing anything about the house being haunt
Thia tamily, soon alter mo\ ing in, became
s very uncomfortable; they could not sleep ai
night, and all Ik came very nervous. They al
lege that
8TRAXOR ROISE0
were heard every night, which they could not
account for. Door* would l?e found open whick
had been previously locked. When the famiW
were on the lower door loud rapping* would bi
heard up stairs, and when the family were in
the upper rooms the rapping* would appear U:
1 I be below, as if some one was striking a table
b with a rattan stick. The back door would be
found open after it had been carefully bolted
and when it was closed loud knocks were some
times heard on the outside, making it shake
This was at first thought to be done by some one
en the outside, but during its continuance the
family would look ont from an upper window
x I immediately above, and nothing could be; seen
J I although the knetcking would coutinue. A blind
I door connecting with the next house, and whicli
had been securely fastened up for years, was on
si veral occasions fouud wide open, and no out
r I could account for that. On Tuesday night last,
a colored girl living with the Bonchart* retired
to bed in an upper room at rather a late hour,
r J and when almost asleep she sudde nly hcar<l
s steps softly ascending the stairs, and saw the re
flection of what was apparently a lighted lamp,
but believing it was some me miter of the fam
ily, she did not trouble her mind about it, until,
hearing a heavy groan by the door, which stood
ajar, she raised up in bea, and savs she saw
THE CHOST OF (ID HOWARD.
The light in his lamp was at once extinguished,
and blue and red streaks of light shot through
the room. At one bound she was up and r.i^ing
I" a frightful scream, which roused the whole
houso. she bolted down stairs and left the house
in her night clothes, the ent're family following
her. The colored girl could not be induced to
4 I return to the house, nut Boneliart andhisfamilv
3 did. and after they had retired they heard tcrri
ble groaning from up stairs. Boneliart pur
fuaded his wife that it was the window shutters
I swinging in the wind, although he did not be^
lieve it Himself.
THE CiHOST CXPEK A P.ED.
Aery soon the bed in which they were laying
began to move out into the middle of the room,
and loud groans came from underneath it. This
so frightened them that they left the house, and
Boneliart went to the station-house, where he
told his story. Officer O'Hare at once repaired
to the place, and found the family running
away from the house. He examined the premi
ses throughout, but could find nothing wron*.
and persuaded them to return, promising that
I ?e watch >n the house. After they had re
tired he heard the noises and rapping and thought
some one was at the back door, as the knob
moved very perceptibly. He kept the family
quiet, however, until morning and left them.
j he next night these scenes were enacted over
1 I again, and on being notified O'Hare and his
partner, Shelton, stayed there again until about
11 o clock. when nothing further being heard
the officers advised the family to go to bed!
which they did, and the officers then left. After
they left,
THE MOST I'KEARTHLY KOISE8
i I ^ere ,a8a*n heard, much worse than ever, and
5, became so much frightened that
they lett the premises and took shelter in the
house of Mr. I?e Neal, a neighbor. Yesterdav
morning Bonehart was seeking another house iii
which to move, declaring that he would not
I stop there another night.
The neighborhood is greatly excited over the
strange manifestations. We have told the story
just as it is related by the BoneharU, their
neighbors, and the iioliccmen. and every reader
can furnish his own explanation.
a
Condensed Loral*.
The work on the canal at 17th street, is pro
gressing rapidly.
The fin telling touches have been given to a
portion of the Scharf pavement on Pennsvl
vania avenue, near 15th street.
A western lady has opened an office in this
citj tor the prosecution of claims against the
government. 6
Workmen are bnsy to-day laving down the
Stowe pavement on 8th street, between Penn
sylvania avenue and D street.
l'.roke ground yesterdav at the foot
Of 6th street, lor the grading and paving of that
8tT06t?
The laying of the new sidewalks on !>th street,
between the Avenue and D street, has been
completed.
Cant. I- B. Cutler has been appointed chief
watchman of the Kxecutive building on 4;
street. Capt. C. was formerly chief watchman
of the Treasury building.
The Board of HealUihas completed the work
of redistncting the garbage districts, and yes
terday issued the regulation to the different
gar bag. -masters for their guidance.
The trustees of county schools baveCelected E
V'1"' principal of shool No. 2, third district,
x, tLle v.^ca,.'c7 c*<"*dhy the appointment
ot Mr. Sandford, late principal of that school, to
the position of music teacher.
General" A. Grant held a curbstone anti
loan meeting at the corner of 7th and I) streets
ia*t night, and his audience is reported to have
been composed of two dummies in the window
of a clothing store, a i?ol iceman and a bootblack.
double team ran into a horse on
11th street east, belonging to Mr. Thomas Havs,
a resident of Prince George county, injuring the
animal so badly that he died in a few minutes.
I ho owner of the double team gave one of his own
fones to Mr. Hays to compe.-nsate him for his
a
The Lost Cause.
KiriElSa GROWLS OF THE "SOTB."
Mr. Crane Explain* How they Came to be in Ex
tremis.
Ascore ofthe Citizen's Association met last
night at Lnion League Hall, Mr. Culver in the
chair, and John H. Crane secretary.
Mr. J. Cex>mbs positively declined serving on
any more committees, as he had to bear the
burden and heat of the day, while others showed
no disunion to help him. There was too much
l&KMtUtle.
Mr;J ra,.,c 8a[d tbe fault of the associa
tion that they had such poor meetings, the ik.-o
ple had got tired of hearing
THE SAME OLD STORY
to d over and over again. The speeches were
all stereotyped. They had been reported to the
people adnautram. He had predicted that ?o
Oo<ly would be present, aud his prediction had
ccme true. These meetings and this apathv are
what is IriUiiig this movement. They had got to
do something or soon the association would be
THE DISSKCT15U TABLE.
'liver said they must wake up and go
belore (ongress.
Chaplain Green, of South Washington, was
present with a dozen conies of the organ of the
Nuts, which he distributed among the few
faithtul present, saying every black man should
take a cony, and every white man two copies,
lie thought Joe illiams, of his district, would
be a better aud happier man if he would take a
copy too.
Nothing further was done, except to growl
er .he "hpraved state of public morals, and
the dreadtul doings of the Board of Public
orks.

Colored Odd Fellows' Celebration.?
"?VI,u,d a,in"? celebration of the Grand
Inited Order ot Odd Fellows will take place on
Monday next. A uumlter of lodges from Balti
more, Alexandria and Uie vicinity will partici
pate in the ceremonica. After a march through
the principal streets, a halt will be made at the
grounds of the Olympic Base Ball Club, where
the literary portion ot the exercises will take
I. 1* fe*ture *t the spot being the singina bv
k 'V leadership of Jos.
chief marshal for the occasion, and Messrs. o.?.
Vr\?ni n'^'i J?m- Smallwoe>d, John
aid^ Coleman, W m. Bowen and other* as

Matters Mcbical.?In addition to the
choruses by the Choral Society to-night at their
concert there will be many attractive features
in the way of solos, vocal and instrumental;
soprano and bass duett by Mrs. Droop and Mr!
Chase; solo by Mrs. Camp, accompanied on
?*1? Keickhoffer; -oto by
nm\F ?*Sb; b7 Un- Camp, Messrs.
hofler 411 un*? *?0"n?0l0 by Master Keick
a
E.IB"T" District Nomiratiox It will
by reference to our advertising columns,
that the repnblicans of the eighth district will
hold a primary election on Tuesday, the 17th
forth* pmp??c of selecting a candidate for the
Legislature, and that Mr/ Bum* the present
House, declining a renomination, his frieneto are
supporting Mr. 8. R. Bond for the nomination
a
Post OvricE?On Monday the embryo
town of Huntington, on the Baltimore and Po
tomac railroad, will be served by a daily mail,
by way ot the Annapolis and Klkridge and Bal
timore and Potomac railroads, arrmne at that
place at 0^0. The mall leaves here at t.? a. m.
Jir. J. Lang is the postmaster.
a
w* ARE htdkrted to Mr, Ju4aon 8. Brown
clerk to Major H. A. Hall, Superintendent of
Assessments and Taxes, Tor the list, In another
column, of "solid men" who pay taxes on per
sonal property returned[at more than ?10,00-.
Fikr plated oroide stum, buttons sets
Priit-M a}! th? ,,eVtyW reoe'Ted at
Priflf s dollar Jewelry store, No. 4J7 Pennsylva
nia avenue, between 4^ and 6th street*.
r&?ftBYlF.KIAX NYIOD.
fall ttoaaion of Ikf Kulflmorf NjbmL
The Presbvterian Synod of Biltioion met
*t tl? Bridge stTeet church, Georgetown,
last evening. The utrciw were opened
?itl t MTim>n by the Rev. I>r. Bovnton, who
pituhcd from rtie text, What think ye of
thrift?" After the sermon. Ret. Dr. John C
Smith, moderator of the synod. called the syn< d
to order. On the calling'or the roll abont
dedicate* from the presbyteries of Baltimore.
Newcastle and Vi<hir(ton respon.led *o tlielr
names. Rev. J. P. Carter, of the Baltimore
Pre*byterv. was elected moderator of the |>n*nt
session of the nnod, and Re*. Georirc H. Smyth
and Elder W. H. Waller tcnij orar\ clerk*.
TO-l?AY'a rROCEBMN. a.
The Synod (which n prraruts the Cresbvtcrian
Churches in the State* of IMaware. Mtrvlan I
and Virginia. and the Oistrict or Columbia,)
met at the Bridge street church at 9 o'clock this
morning ami opened the *o*?ion with devotional
exercises, conducted by tb moderator, the Rev.
I*r. J. P. Carter, of Baltimore, who wan elected
last evening. The follow ug committee* were
appointed:?On Oevotlonal Evorriara and Sup
plies. Rev. I>. W. Moffatt, Rev W. H. Cooke
and Elder W. W. Ferris; on the Narrative. Rev.
S. II. McKnown and Elder Octavius Knight; on
the Presbytery of Baltimore, Rev. T. B. Me.
Falls and Elder Caleb Brvkaw; on tho Presbv
terv ot Newcastle, John Chester and Elder k.
llall Richardson; on the Presbvtery of Rto
Janeiro, Rev. I>r. Spottsw<?od an<l Elder Eli?>n:
on the Presbytery of Washington City. Rev
Geo. G. Smith and Elder Theodore T. Clark.
Committee on Bill* and Overture*. Rev. I?r.
John C. Smith, Rev. L. R. Fox ?nd Klder Rob*.
Bell; i mmittee on Judicial <ases, Rev. T. B.
Mi Fall*. Rev. l?r. Fdwards. Rev. B. F. Bit
tinker, and Elders Wm. L. Waller and Octaviaa
j Knight.
Kev. Dr. Flmwood, Secretary of the Board
of Fortign Missions, aidresseu the Mrnod on
that important work. The receipts of tfie >>oard
for ti e year were sxc.&'iO. I?;iring th'- vear M
missionary have been add. 1 to the force*
among the heathen-making in all ?6l ial?orer*
;n that ti' Id. Theae mis?ion*rl? have dnring
the vear bad 3,5?i2 comtnnuu ants aud lo.Oo 1
children in Sabbath schools.
The Synod appointed Rot. A. B. Crow. Rev.
C. I?. Shaw. Rev. John C. Smith and Elders
W. F. Lane and J. F. Haskell a committee to
fousider and devise a plan bv which the S\nod
may more effectually interest the churches and
Itivpire the mcuil>et? to work more earnestly in
the cause.
At noon the Synod took a recess until 1 p. m.
The fce*? Waler-Nala.
The contractors for making the pipe for the
new 36-im h water-main are un<ler heavy i<ena'?
ties to have the a hole amount <4,900 ton*) ful'y
delivered before the 1st of February neat, and
the contractors lor laving are'unl.r the same
)>*naltiea to have it ^aid and water running
through it within thirty days afterwards; no that
we may expect to have the full l?enetlt of
eighteen millions of gallons a day additional to
our present supply betore the 1st of March next.
The whole line is divided into four di\isions,
and the laving will go on at the same time
i in each. he one nearest the reservoir
I I shorter than the others, aud as soon as It is
finished it willl>e enMnrti d at F*.undiv UraiicU
with the3*>-inch main laid by Gen. Vltigs, so
that we mav exjiect to have ari incrrased sui>
ply even before the 1st of March. The supply
to the city is now between twelve and thirteen
millions a day.
The line or the pipe is from the distributing
reaervoir, near the ??l>rovcr?" lied," across the
country to the canal road, along it and Bri<lge
street to the Aqueduct bridge a? ross Rock
Creek, through one of the 4-Teet p:|?es which
supfort that bridge, thence along Pennsylvania
avenue to L street, and along L street to New
Jersey avenue.
A 30-inch pipe on New Jersey avenue, and a
2o-i?cli pijK* on Capitol Hill.'along north B
street to 11th street east, ia to be contracted
for and laid as soon as ]H?<sible: but the itlzeus
on Cap tol Hill aud the other high land in the
city will have an increased supply as soon as
the pr? ssure is increased by the laying of the
36-inch main.

WASHIHOTOH, Oct. 14, 1W1.
EtliU.r Sfcr:?l>ear Sir Will you allow n?e to
state that the nomination for delegate in the
fifteenth district announced in this morning'?
I>apers as having bein made by the republ
caus ot the fifteenth district," 1 understood 1 ?st
night to have been tendered to me by the Inth
Rfl-ttblican Club," and 1 conclude that the pub
lication of this morning is in error In stating
that the nomination wat made by the republi
cans of tkt district.
1-et me further say that this nomination va<.
entirely unsought by me, and so is a nomination
frem any other body. My invariable answer to
numerous inquiries from my friends as to
whether I would consent to a nomination ha*
been that if they chose to select me I will do all
I can to secure a rair and honest election, or if
another gentleman is preferred, I will support
him heartily; but that above all things 1 want a
rair and unbiased expression at the regula
meeting for making the nomination. It it in
tkit tray only that 1 will consent to the u?e of na
na roe. and prefer not to be chosen in aay aktr
vay. Very respectfully,
Warrkw Choatb.
Awother CojsTRtnt'Tiojt to Chicaoo Scf
pekkrs?A grand rift enterprise will come otl
at Sullivan's Excelsior House. 14th *treet, to-dav
and Monday, the 14th and 10th instants, one-halt
of the proceeds to be donated to the above-nam -d
object. The first prize will be a lady's diamond
ring, the others gold and silver ?"oin. greenbacks,
groceries, wood, coal, &c. Epicures always en
Joy Sullivan's tine lunches set out on occasions
of this kind.
0
Th* Patext Agist'* Cas* To-day th<'
case of Alexander et al. against the District of
Columbia was heard iuthe Equity Court. Judge
Wylie. This is an applicatiou for an injunction
to restrain the defendant from collecting a
license tax from plaintiffs, which the latter
claims is illegal, as it is virtually a tax on the
business of the United States government.
Measrs. Whitman arid Toombs appeared for
plaintiffs, and Cook and Cahill for defendants.

The Racer at Frepeuick.?The annual
exhibition of the Frederick county. Maryland
Agricultural Society at Frederick* citv. closed
yesterday with a horse race for prizes offered by
the society. There were four entries for the race.
"St. I-awrence" entered by Mr. Johnson, of
Baltimore, winning the first prize of MOo. The
second prize of f^5w was won by a black hor?e
from Chicago.

We have The Galaxy for November from
Shillington, J. C. Parker and the National News
Company; the last named bouse also scuds u>
ScriUner's Monthly for November.

BnE55A!t ScHAt'Eit accept the contract
awarded them for sewering E street,from 7th to
10th street northwest, at board price.
GEORGETOWN.
SiurMEST OF SrsAC?The Georgcanna took
down to Norfolk yesterday 70 bags of sumac
11.am pounils?shipped by J. Ramsburg it Sons
The Wheat Market?There were no arri
vals of wheat to-day. Mr. George Waters sold
2,500 bushels last evening off 'Change, at ?1-5*^
per bushel.
Accidkxt?This morning a voung colored
man named Buscy was considerably injured in
the shop of a sliipsmith and boiler maker on
Water street. He was engaged in working the
lever of a large iron punch, when a jiortion of
the punch snapped off ith a loud report, which
startled him, and he suddenly let go his grasp
on the lever, and failing, struck his head vio
lently against a piece of timber. He w as picked
up insensible and carried to his residence on
Beall street, where he was attended by I?r.
Mackall.who does nol think his injuries of a
serious charaeter.
For the Relief of Chicago Since our
rejiort yesterday contributions (most ot them in
small sums) have been handed in at the Farmers'
and Mechanics' Bank, amounting to P420.50. <>t
this F. Sawyer contributed SlOO; Mrs. M. M
Boyce, f50; H. Carpenter, fJO; G. W. Moffatt.
?20; W. H. Dougal, g25; Palmer Green,
Kid well Son, MO, and Wm. King, MO. The
total amount thus far contributed is $2,427.30.
Serbos in St. John's Church to-morrow
morning by Bishop Beckwlth, of Georgia, and
in the afternoon by Bishop Eastburn, of Mas
sachusetts.
PROFESSIONAL.
NOTICE-N. P. CHIPM AN has rstirsd trom the
Arm of CHI I'M AN. Hu>MEB A CO, so far a.
its business embraces the proaecntion of claims
aftaioM the Government.
The Land aud Pateut business will be conducted
as heretofore. That relating to Law and Claim*
aaainat the Government will be continued bv UOS
M1RAOO. M. P. CHIPllAII,
A. A. HOSMKR.
ocS-lm O. P. U1LMORK.
R( O A L
l?l. JOHN H.DaRR^Ltihaaremoved
hit DENTAL B'MiMHto l'M7 Pa. avenoe,
over Franklta A Co., Optician*. oel-ly
J'L7W0Lr,M.D.,
HCROkON BKNTI8T,
11M Ptnnaylvania avenne, between lith^^HI
and 18thstreets. a?? fca*
NO. STARKWEATHER,
ARCHITECT,
MltOIltBKR AND SUPERINTENDENT.
AU orders promptly executed. DRAWINGS In
BoiMuigal reduced prices. Off<-* at the old ataad
Plant 'sBaildina. oorner New Tort avaeae and IMk
treat. ap!4-ly
EL. SCHMIDT,
ATTORNEY AND
COUNSELLOR AT LAW.
FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE AGENT.
Oo Iambi a Law Balldinj, Boom Ho. ?.Mk street
between D and E. apH-ly
A D /AMES E. WILLIAMS,
OFFICE^SOUTH^HIE LOCHI A EN BE
No ??4,between 4H and*th streeu.a tew
sast of Barbour Law BuUd^C
WASHINGTON, D. 0.
r?'T?tamentary Law. ?aIT-tf
JOHN F. HanTaT
_ ATTORN ET AT LAW,
Mo. f?onu*% Law Bnildiag,
*??tf Washington. D. C.
CITY ITEMS.
Cam. aht? bes lb* V-Ttl^. Fee.1*h>i*
tto Mkrhiar. at No. 4l"Tth ?<r ft S. W,
Thf latent an*l |mir*t tnuH|'b of skill.
Or? btoc* of rtitldrea'a and Bov*' Hats
csnoot be surpas^i iu st le or pt.o*.
M. I?. Fa Aba ,t Co.,
The Original Hatter*,
!KW th stnet. o||??te Poet O?ot*.
Shaiir Kbit Botes.
AH wool half-lioar, tne machine krlf.
Merino half Lot*. English ai.J Jom *tic.
tier DMlmnd knit itckctt.
I irilifaii .larkrta. Ar.
Country knit nwl socks. ?u|>n<nr quality.
Ow. C. Hebsih.i,'
7tb street. N. W.
Win. or** Tut* da v, new stvlee Children
Hats m.(l Cap*.
M D. Frabk Co..
Thf Origin a! Hatter*,
MS 7th street, o|>|KMitc 1'ost offlre.
_
Thf AOVAirrR III thr prKw*of I ft> ?n<t mAo
has B?>lf no change In tbe |>nrw at the An?. r
can Tea Store, corner of 7th and I rtreet* Mr.
lN>aimg rtlll iwtitinn? to aell hi* *u|>erior arti
cles of t.? and coffee at the lowert New York
price*. and we J ?renounce th. ni to|4ii?r tow hat
come* from New York, for you get the ?x?ffec
arm from the toaster ever* boar In tbe dav.

Th* Aluii Hat.
The latest mimikib, in \ariou* iVptht ai. I
colors, at M. I?. Faaii a cV.
r? w The 0rt?4,??l Haltera,
3 th street. opposite Poet titled1.
Notice to thi Pi hlr ._i7Becker Co.
>ucn<N?r to P. W*JI?rh, dealer in m-n'?. vouth?*
aii*\ Ih>\i* clot Li tig. !i*ve received to entire new
stock of goods. ahub they are *ellitig at the
k?wt*t market price. Those in want of clothing
oi genfs furuiidiltir goodf, would do well to fa I
and examine their ipwib before purrhasiig
elsewhere. I. Ba tit *Ov,
Odeon Hail, corner street ajid p?. are.
Botb- h.Ttra A
,.anl Inducements Full line of
touths to early Forritrn
Clothing, Purrha*eta and
e V*y*P-, 'all Domestic
Substantial and t)oo<to
K.a?dfc ?.T't?trr for
Stjlmh. lothing. Work
At Oak Hall. 82S7th atreet.
eo? J. H. Ski? Co., Tailor* and Clothier*.
Bkttee I.atb thaw Nivkb If tout teet?i
are going, and you have not yet tried the tioso
pI^rvslire; ,K,W- Abandon
all other Oentrtfioes and give it a fair cluuuv*
it is guaranteed to be ae harralesa as wafe r, w a
Corhb. Ac?I?r. White, chiropodist, Ho. K13
nth street, ornostte Treasury. Washington, il.|
No. 7 North Charles rtreet. Baltimore. sucee?w
fully treat* Corns, Buuions, Ingrowing Nails.
Jte., without paia.
Fi ft raw *ttlb* or t stiae and tbe lafcwt
novelty in Hoopaktrta are now at exhibition at C.
Baum s Hooiwkirt and Corset Factory, 7th
fUvOi*
_Ctp Glove* for ladies and gentlemen. TM
best I>o!lar Gloves im|>orte4, alao. a novelty it*
llnrt claa? Glove. Iaiiu> be early and secure t
^?od choice In calling at G. Baum's Wwi tiktva
Uetot, 4UC 7tii ?treet7
Gom a Fativt KurLiPTiia Oak aid
Lamp Shade* will aare one-halt of th.- quan
tity of gar or coal oil consumed without the uso
of tbem. They are cheap and durable. A. Ro
senthal. No. *>4 7th street, is the agent f?r them,
and alw for Goeti's Ltoubie-oone Chandelier
Reflectors, and the Diamond lMttwuve Oaylicht
Reflectors.

The sner Fortlae Sewing Machines in th?
are the Mcl>ean Hooper Klasttc Lock
Stiteb and the Wiiaoa New Underfeed Shuttle
Machines. Although they are selling at the low
price of and Mo upward, yet they are war
ranted equal to any and snpenor to some of th?
high-priced machine*. The terms are very ea\.
A. Rosenthal, 4o4 7th street, is the agent. tf
Hcmae Ha IB In Swlu bes, Cur*, Cbateleen
Braids in all shades have Jost been imiiorted l?y
Chas. Baum, who intends to make this a new
brarch of his well-known establishment, 40e ;ih
Btreet. Ladies go and see tbe new sty lea.
"Hate Tor~8beb* Itf"-The beaatlfn
rtraifhi-brim, soft indented crown Hat. with or
without the feather, at Fraec, the Hatter's,
next to the Original Franc s, 433 7th street,
between D and K.
**w styles or uoum and sons
new improved have lust come from our factory
In Ewnc, and shall be sold to defy any comi>e
tition. Every pair warranted to be a pert -ot flu
C. Back, Corset and Hnopakirt Manufacturer.
Be*tlbb has all kinds theraometen and
GeorgetownAdvertisement*.
frrV^Tin COMMCMICATION OW P<7
rx4 trKviKcM^L!" h*w *o*
Ft ri? 0?. ]?th.at6^ o'cl<?k. Pnuc
*JJsl sM-udatc. of every Bfttl^r ia r?*juf.!.-.1
Grand Visitation. Bv order of th- W M
11. M ABLER.flee y.
J,'ALL AND M INTKR GOODS.
JOHN H J?MOOT.
119 Beidce Street, GRORftrrowm, P.C.,
*7c*"'1 ed and is now offering, at verv I >w ar.r a
to c?*h buyers, a lar*' at..! ?er? eh .ice -took Jt
FALL AND WlkTCK UOODe.
consisting of a tine anaoitment of
O .it LADIE* PKKB8 FABEICH.
deainsble cradas and style*, in Silks,
ri ^l SBtines, Caehmenia, Menoo Eni|.r.?
b?ui J^d'm"f A1P"CM< *c wllh IbL
V TiOCRJtIKO GOOBti,
the beat inak?w,
s Coarvoiseyr's ceM>rat<rt til
LaSes and Uetiu taderwear. Flsnneul
Jdpeas. Sheetings, ^birtings. Richani> >t> s
b?v-i^c ,f Also, a full line of
oems akd ?<>yb; WEAR, <'ABPET> BUGS,
AHD OIL CLOTHS.
V' in> sn examinati r. of G *1b
Tl bef?r> makinc their purrhatM
or Ulm J BO. MM OPT.
fcjJPK'UL KOTIt E PAPER HABGIMG? Pe7
Tl BMAIThVK sSSa"*T2 c?'n, b> ?r",n? to
U III n i i??i? Bridge strael. OoitMior to i-t
duw AH A .'If. Pa PEB H \K<ilvi
p*r? W T iTi. Bromrtlx eieeat*-d in aof
5r,LV?! ?T and ?atl?facti a
stYky'work ular ^lJt"
T'HE GEORGETOWS DMLLAB store hav
rf<viUjf.V!T,,t B",Ch ",,*r?rd Knd reflttod. wili rr~
\f# J^iiunrj 1st a larct* and curfriur
of DOLLAB OOObs of all d^wer.rtulT Tbe Urt
'?"if ever offered in tte Territort tor )i
__seB-lm Ko 7 3 HIGH HTBEFT
pAREBTS, SAVE MORET.
BCHOOL~BOOKB
sold at publishers prieea. C*nplots stock of
St'HOOL KEQl lSITES,
au* AT FOE A BELIGSOWS. Qoorgetowti
l^ooki Loom
s.?eVft,5lk.jL!KMiKsl STATIOREBT. M CHI01
ri?<-V-wL ">WRI llEkTS.CHILDBKj}> t \u
ri i and "Jl ktuda of FaScV ARTICLES, l?
ttoo* k* prices to suit ti n
8*versl ParW Orcsns and flne Pianos very low.
A second hand Piauo at
sUw.tr POM BELioflOR,
eis-w^.tf OeorRetown. D. O
CLOTHINa.
jyOTICE TO THE PIBLIC.
Hs\ injt opene.1 a large and Select?d Stock of
READY MABE CLOTUI>"G.
AT
No 947 PENNSYLVANIA AVKNCE,
(The second door frcm lttbrtreet
Lately <<-upiM by G. Staffsn,
Vihich I will t*II at Great Reduced Prices. ?nrh xa
BALL sihI M INTER HI ITS. fr?4ii i.p Call and
examine our stock before parchaaitiB el?^wher>-.
A. ANPKRSuy,
oeU-St* #47 Petina. ave.,Sd door froo loth rt.
JJOAH WALHEB OB.,
?II PEHKSTLYARIA ATM?!,
Cepee METiofoLTTATS Hotca.
In oar Estensivs Asaortmeat, Bapertor Btyto. atx* s
Hod?r%te Charges, ws offer aweqaai^ l jdueinal
to purchasers, b
READY-MADE CLOTElifQ
poa
?BV. TOCTHS an BBYBv
SAMPLES FOR CUHTO* W>CR?.
Oar styles are tbe beat. asA
?OAR WALEBB A W.,
ssW tr PBBWBTLTAM1A ATWCV
FJ. RRIBEBGER.
<tlntr*?"r F. Loaha B Oa. J
CITI1EMB, ARMT ARB RAFT,
merchant tailor,
.jtSyrist ftttssatTOi
JS? 5 J^.A S- RO D BOCBLI
A0T1BG BOB BREEZIRG FuBCE PL'MP.
powerful la ebs.
CHABLBS WOOD,
Ooraar ttkaadD atrasMl
4