imutb tncia i
The City of the Lakes
in Ruins.
3ftre and Death Sweeping
Everything Before Them.
Poor Miles of the City En
veloped In Flames.
One Hundred and Fifty Thousand People
Houseless and Homeless.
Fearfbl Loss of Life
Apprehended
jSomres of People Lost in
the Sea of Fire.
Hundreds of Families Fleeing Be
fore the Waves of Conflagration.
(Blocks of Buildings Blown Up to Stay
the Progress of Destruction.
TAIN ABE THE EFFORTS OF MAN
{Frin fifty to One Hundred Millions of Pro
perty Said To Be Burned.
JUl the Churches, Hotels, Theatres, Banks,
lUllway Depots, Telegraph Offices,
newspaper Offices, Gas Works,
Pahlie Bnlldlngs and Ship
ping is Ashes.
(The Great Water Works Pro
bably Gone Too.
feVMrikle to Estimate the
Total Low
CRT OF IDE SUFFERERS FOR HELP
Hoble Response from All Parts
of the Union.
(Sndnati, St Louis, Milwaukee and All the
Cities of tin Bait and Weit Contributing
li looey, Provisions and Clothing.
fBOCLAIATIOI FROM HATOE HALL
Veerings To Be Held Here
To-Day.
The City of Charities Will be
Equal to the Emergency.
Intense Excitement All Over
the Country.
XMtot in Financial and Busi
ness Circles.
OR* Insurance Companies Here and j
ZUsewhere Heavy Losers.
As We 60 to Press the
Fire is Still Raging
and Fears That
tin Whole City
Will Fall.
the Arm M crept fejr the PHMtt-Stattmi
mf Am Of?ralw Mtm Oat By ike FI*bm.
B0TTALO. N. T., Oct 1171.
1M following particulars of the great fire at Chi
tcago Me obtained from Mr. J. N. Crittenden, oper
ator of the Western Union Telegraph Company in
Cntoago, who has Just arrived at Englewood, 11L,
?even mllea aontheaat of Chicago. Mr. Crittenden
left the city oa so engine, at half-paat eight una
jaorntnc:?
The Ore commenced abont nine o'clock last nighr,
feev the corner of Jefferson and Deiavan streets,
aM a wept everything before it, ukmg a aorth
?eeterij course through the central part of the city.
Vke Court Bonae, Weatern Union Telegraph Office,
feoms, banaa, and apparently everything within
listf mile weet of the Oonrt Honae, and aa far
^outh aa Pol* street, and probably west of State
fecreet, and perhaps eaat of that, are ail destroyed.
The Are now rages on the north side, eaat of
Wetla street, extending np to Chioago avenue,
to nonlieaateriy direction. It la being checked to
windward on the aonth and west sides. The wind
?Hpsiohjttw P* shaugiog
tto wife. I AW the Are reaches towards the
great (MM and that it n probably de
stroyed. The Lake Shore and Michigan Southern,
and the Rock island Railroad depots, the City
Water Works, tt>e Tremont House, Sherman Uouae,
Crosby Opera Boom, Ac., are among the buildings
destroyed. The elevators on Main and River streets
most have been burned, as the Are was raging on
both aides at two o'clock when I was there. Thou
sands of people are houseloss, and the losses were
estimated at fifty millions of dollars.
TIm Devastation Silll f uilialif Tea Tkea
?oad Baildlans Already Destroyed.
Cuicaoo, Oct. 9?10 A. M.
The awful conflagration still continues.
TBS ENTIRE BUSINESS PORTION
of the elty is destroyed. All tbe banks, express and
telegraph offloes. all the newspaper offices, except
the Tribune, six elevators and tbe waterworks have
been burned.
There Is no water in the elty.
Not less than
TXN THOUSAND BUILDINGS
have already been destroyed. Tbe fire has burned
a distance of Ave miles, and is still raging. The
wind is blowing a gale. There Is only one tele,
graph wire working and that is to the suburbs.
The Fire Movlag Soath aa Wabash A venae.
Chicago, Oct. 9-10:80 A. M.
There Is no water.
Tbe Ore Is now going south on Wabash avenue
and endangers tbe temporary telegraph office which
has been establlsh6d there.
The Area af Destraetloa Fear Silica Leag
and One Mile Wide? The Water Work*
Destroyed*
Chicago, Oct. 9? 5 p. M.
Tbe awful work of destruction still goes on with
relentless fury. From Harrison Btreet in the south
to Division street in the north, and from the river
to the lake,
AN ABSA OF FOUR WILIS
long by one mile wide, the flames have swept every
thing before them. It Is estimated that at least one
hundred thousand people are homeless and In a
suffering condition. The streets In the districts
still unburned are lined lor miles with such house
hold goods as have been saved from destruotlon.
Moat
0KNXBOOS OFFERS OF AB8I8TANCB
in money, rood or anything wanted, are coming m
irom almost every city and town throughout tbe
country by telegraph. The Mayor has responded to
several offers asking that cooked food ne provided
as soon as possible. Firemen were on their way
here from Cincinnati, St. Louis and other cities.
TUB WATBR WORKS
are entirely destroyed. Buildings are now being
blown up on the line of the fire, to attempt to ar
rest Its progress.
The Baslaess Pertlea af the City la Ash? m
HVty Thoaaaad People Hoailia The I*eps
of Life Caksowi,
Chicago, Oct. ft? Noon, v
The whole business portion of the elty is In asbeS,
from Harrison street north to Chicago avenue and
east of the river to Lake avenue. The flre sweeps a
district three miles In length to a mile or a mile and
a half in width.
Every hotel, bank, express office, telegraph offloe,
theatre and newspaper offloe, with all tbe wholesale
bouses In tbe city, has been totally destroyed.
Many thousand dwellings and the water works
have been destroyed.
Early this morning tbe wind was blowing n per
fect gale from the southwest with a sky of brass.
None can tell what the ena will be. The only sal
vation for the remainder of the city is in the wind
keeping the present direction.
Fifty thousand people are houseless and most of
tbem In a destitute condition. The unburned streets I
for mil ob are lined with household goods.
No one dare think what the loss of life maybe.
The flames swept through the city with the rapidity
or a prairie lire and many most have perished.
The Western Union Telegraph has succeeded in
getting a new wire from a hastily Improvised offlce
in tbe southern part of the city, establishing com*
monicatton in nearly all directions.
Munificent offers of assistance are coming from
every quarter.
The Hotel** Theatres and Court Hwue Co
Half the Popolotioo Esahinf Poole Stricken
Throoah tho Street*? Starvation Three ten
loa the Hooseleso People.
Emoliwood, Twin Milks ntovi
Ohicaoo, Oct. ll A. M.
The work or devastation continues, icon than one
hair of the city Is already destroyed, and the flames
continue their ravages almost unopposed.
At about one o*olook this morning tho Ore crossed
the river at Adams street oridge and soon destroyed
the gasworks and then spread itself In every direction.
At una boor almost every building, from Harrison
Btreet north to the Chicago River, is destroyed, In
cluding all the insurance offices, banks, hotels, tele,
graph offices, newspaper establishments, with the
single exception of the Tribune office, which la
fireproof.
The Conrt House, Sherman House. Tremont
House, Palmer House, New Paciflo Hotel, New
Blgeiow Hotel, and, in bet, everything else, are
swept olean. This district embraces all the heavy
business houses in the city.
Tbe rain of Are and orimstone on Sodom and
Gomorrah can hardly be compared to tbe devastat
ing rain of the fire fiend on Chicago.
More than one-half the population are now rush
ing through the streets in vehicles, which are ob
tained at enormous pripes, or on foot, and In every
other way, with the choicest household treasures
in their arms and on their backs, in utter oonfuslon,
not knowjttg whither to go. Pearfnl suffering must
follow, and almost immediately. Folly on* hundred
and fifty thousand people are at this moment home
less, not knowing where to lay their beads or get
anything to satiny the cravings of hunger,
The Spread of the Fire Southward Stayed?
The Voter Werhs Still lotoet? The Depots
aad All Newspaper Offices Destroyed? The
Flames Still Ragtag the Northern Di
vision? Tli* Fear re I Seeaee la tho Streets?
Apprehensions of a Dreodfal Lose e t Life.
Chicago, Oct. 9? P. M.
it is now believed that tbe spread of the Are
southward has been stayed at Harrison street,
but
ON TBI WORTH S1DI
there Is no diminution of tts fury, and the entire
division of the city Is evidently doomed to ntter do*
strucuon. There are grave fears that tbe flamea
may spread to the west side of the north tvaneh of
the river, and tbe inhabitants or the streets nearest
tbe river are already moving to plaoea, It is sup
posed, of greater safety.
The Western Union Telegraph Company have now
?1* wires worUM \m? and bpuih. nurnlqg into
temporary offloe at M oorner o t state im ?x
MMfeMMM.
Tie Northwestern Railroad Company are maniac
trains on Dot* lie branches, which are croirded
wttb fleeing olu sens.
It is now positively asserted by some tbat the
Water Works are sail intact, bat the water has been
shot off from the Booth and West divisions on ac
count of the quantity of water osed on the north
side.
A reliable gentleman jnst armed from the North
Division brings the Joyful intelligence tnat
TUB WATHR WORKS ABK UNINJCRBD.
God grant that it may prove true.
It is impoeslbte now to gtve even an approxi
mate!/ correct statement of the losses, but a faint
idea may be formed when it 19 stated that erery
bank la the city, except two small savings institu
tions? one on Twenty-second street, In South divi
sion, and one on Jtaadelph street, in West division?
are destroyed. All wholesale stores, all retail estab
lishments, Post OtJBoe, the Conn House, the Chamber
of Commerce, every hotel In South Division except
Miohlgaa Avenue Hotel, which, standing on the
extreme southern limit, escaped, though it is
badly soorobed; every newspaper once (the Tribune
building, which was supposed to be fireproof,
having finally succumbed), every theatre, the six
largest elevators, the immense depots of the Michi
gan Southern and of the Illtnois Central Railroads
(both the nassenger and freight depots of the lat
ter), more tban a score of churches and much of
tue shipping in the river? all destroyed.
BBOOAIWD.
l(en who were mllllonnalres yesterday morning
are nearly penniless to-day: but more terrible than
all is the awful certainty that many human beings
bave perished in the flames? how many no one
can teiL
THI UNKNOWN DUB,
Perhaps no one will ever be able to tell;
bnt it Is known that some have perished,
and there la only a heart-sickening fear
that the victims of the fiery monster
may be counted by scores. Hundreds of horses and
cows have been burned in stables, and on the north
side numbers of animals, though released from con
finement, were so bewildered and confused by the
sea or fire whloh surrounded them that they rushed
wildly to and fro. uttering crles.of i right and pain,
until Bcorched and killed.
the crrr dbstroykd.
Any attempt at a description of the scenes of this
appalling calamity would be idle. Tbe simple facts
that tbe onoe great city of Chicago is destroyed, that
hundreds of millions of active capital here have
vanished, and that nearly one-third of Chlcago*s in*
habitants are houseless dependants are enough.
Any attempt to embellish would be a mockery.
HOFK8 and PEARS.
As this awful day draws to a close, thousands of
anxious eyes w^tch the clouds of smoke which still
roil over thalburnt distrlot, with evident dread that
a sudden change of wmd may turn the flames upon
_^hat portion of the city yet spared. There seems,
however, little oause for apprehensions, as reinforce
ments of fire men from other cities are constantly
arriving;
AID FOB TBB 8UKFKRER8.
Colonel F. J. Wilson, Superintendent of the Tele
graph, Is in receipt of despatches from leading cities
announcing that aid is being provided for the suf
ferers. Colonel Clowry, of St. Louis, telegraphs
that $70,000 have been subscribed by the merchants
there. Cincinnati promises $200,000 and Cleveland
U proportionately generous. Ail this and a great
deal more will be needed to relieve me immediate
pressing wants.
TUB POSTAL panic.
Everything is being done by General Stager and
his assistants to Keep op communications for the
citlaens ana press with the world outside. Colonel
George T. Williams, Superintendent at Cincinnati,
reported promptly for duty this morning.
?bout three-fourths ol the United States mall was
saved and taken possession of by Colonel Wood, of
the Post OfQoe service.
The Pthtni of the Fire Honthwnrd Stayed
by the Btowtsg Up of DalMlnn-Furihcr
list of the Birred Building*? Sheridan to
the Reorae- The Streets and Districts
Boned Over.
Chicago, Oot. 9? P. M. i
Via Cincinnati, ll P. M. j
The following report was telegraphed from Chicago
to Cincinnati before the second interruptions or the
wires, which was reported an hour ago.
The progressing flames in the South division were
finally arrested about one o'clock P. M. This was
accomplished by the blowing up and demolishing of
several buildings on Wabash avenue and Congress
street bjr Lieutenant General Sheridan. The dis
trict burned over in the South division embraces
everything from the main branch of the Chicago
river to the lake, and covering about
ONB HUKDBKD BLOCKS.
This district contained all the leading business
houses, the banks, insurance offices, hotels, *c.;
also a large number of churches, Including St.
Mary's, Trinity, First Presbyterian, Second Presby
terian, St. Paul's, Sweden borglan, Ac.
The Methodist church on the corner of Wabash
avenue and Congress street is saved. The Mlcnl
gan Avenue Ilotel on the corner of Michigan avenne
and Congress street, and the Congress Hall directly
adjoining on congress street, are saved.
MICHIGAN TBRRACK,
on Michigan avenue, embracing tbe residences of
Governor Bros*, Hon. Job n Young Scanmon, 8. C.
Griggs. Peter L. Ross ana other leading citizens, is
completely destroyed. All the newspaper establish
ments are totally wiped out. The Tribune building
resisted tbe Are for several hours, but Anally yielded,
when Mc Violet's theatre, Immediately adjoining,
which also withstood tbe raging element, finally
succumbed. In fact all the buildings in the district
whloh claimed to be fire-proof shared tbe fate of
thoee which could make no such claims.
TBI OBI AT CENTRAL DEPOT,
at the foot of Lake street, became a heap of rains.
About nine o'clock this morning most of the pas
senger cars of the Michigan Central, Burlington
and ?Jutncy, and Illinois Central Railroad
were moved on the breakwater and saved.
West of Clara street, In the Southern Division, the
fire extended south as far as Poik street, sweeping
everything before It. The distance burned over
here la some three blocks wide and over half a mile
in length, numbering about twenty blocks. The
buildings were generally of the cheaper character,
embracing saloons, small shops, poor residences, Ac.
TBB DISTRICT SCRNED OVER
on tbe west side commences at Taylor street, run
ning from Dekoven to Jefferson, the fire ran
vbence four or five blocks north, ana then moved
diagonally towards the river, and finally tne west
limit was established on Clinton street, ana reach
ing thence to tho river. tt moved in this line
?Mined onto it reaohsd ma northwestern and
Wast aide depots, where U stopped,
A DI8TANCB or WBABLY two kilbs
tim which u started. The Pittsburg, Foc? Wayne
Chicago, aad the Chicago St. Louts Railroad
depata were in this district, and are destroyed. Al
bm*
THB BNTIBB NOBTBBRM DIVISION,
(Ton the mala branch or the Chicago Hirer to Un
coil Para, nearly two miles In length, and one mtte
in width, la completely destroyed, including the
w&erworks, a large namber of elegant cnurches,
Ac. This district embraces almost the entire bosl
noa portion or the city.
THB BOOTH DIVISION.
rhe territory south or Harrison street. In the
S?uth Division, reacblag out many miles, and
covered almost entirely with dwellings, mostly or
tie better class, is untouched, and may now be re*
girded as safe (Tom injury.
For miles and mllesi in every direction, the side
walks, lawns, vacant lots and trout yards or dwell
ings are oiled with people who have escaped from
burning houses, taking with them only a scanty
amount of tarnlture and clothing. The sight is
truly a narrowing one. These people must receive
immediate relief or many will perish rrom
EXPOSURE AND STARVATION.
THB LOSS.
As stated in my previous despatch, it la utterly
Impossible to make an approximate estimate or the
entire loss, but it can scarcely rail below
ONB HCNDRKD AND FIFTT MILLIONS
of dollars. Ot course, but a fraction or this amount
can be recovered rrom insurance.
GBNBRAL SHERIDAN
has to-day telegraphed to St. Louis, to the Missouri
depot there, to send at once 100,000 rations. Be has
also telegraphed to Omaha for two companies or
soldiers and one hundred tents. He will also order
another 100,000 rations.
MAYOR MASON
has Issued a proclamation calling a meeting to-night
in the West Division to see what the citizens can do
for the teller or the sufferers.
There are at least 100,000 people who know not
where they can get enough provisions to sattsty
their hunger. A later rumor rrom the North Divis
ion saya the devastation is less widespread than
heretofore reported.
I hear of
NO DBATHS REPORTED
by the disaster as yet, but undoubted]/ many have
perished.
The Banks In Rilu-Tha Vaults supposed ta
be Fireproof? Depression of Real Estate
Scenes la the streets.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10?12:30 A. If.
All the banks in the city, with one exception, are
in rains, but It is confidently believed that the
vaults, in most cases, are fire proof and will survive
the wreck. Every depot is burned except the
I Northwestern. The streets are filled with
BXCITBD, HURRYING CROWDS,
and every avenue is occupied by a caravan of furni
ture-laden wagons, moving towards the suburbs.
Every sort of vehlole la put In requisition lor every
sort of service even hearsea have been purchased,
and I have seen one with two babes sitting between
parallel rails, a woman on the driver's seat and a
tea kettle, frying pan and rocking chair tied upon
her back.
RBAL B9TATB
has declined flltv per cent since yesterday. The
question which Is anxiously asked to-day 14, will
the Eastern people who believe in Chicago pot
tnelr money In her and give
THK CITT ANOTHER CHANCE.
With feelings of personal depression, there Is a
feeling of oonlldenoe in the destiny of the city, and
It Is believed that Chicago will, In ten years, recover
what she has lost, even without extraordinary help.
The Southern Portion of the City Threat*
ened? Communication Again Cat Off.
ASSOCIATED PRESS OFFICE, 1
Mew York, Oct. o? il;30 A. M. J
The telegraph office Improvised in the Bonthern
part or Chicago, as it was supposed beyond the
reach of the flames, has been abandoned, and com*
municatlon with the city is again suspended. It is
expected that another office will be opened dnnng
the night at a point two miles south of the last
place of refuge.
The operators, before leaving their instruments, re
ported tnat the wind had veered around to the
north and was driving the flames back and south
ward. The lire had already reached tne neighbor
hood of the office, and the men were compelled
to flee*. Their last words were:? "There now ap*
pears no hope of saving the southern portion of the
city."
A private despatch from Chicago states that
among the heavy dry goods firms burned out are
John Farwell A Co., F. M. Hamlin A Co., Field,
Letter A Co., and Brown, Hunt A Winslow.
The Hartford Inaaraoce Companies and the
Cbleaco Fire.
Hartford, Conn., Oct. 0, 1871.
Tne fire Insurance companies of Hartford have
not yet attempted to mane a definite estimate of
tbelr losses; but, doubtless, tne sggregate will be
several millions. The directors and other officers of
all the leading companies vigorously assert their
determination to pay every dollar as rapidly as
possible, and they have already begnn their ar
rangements to that effect. The life insurance com
panies have many millions loaned npon real estate
security in Uhicago, but as their rule is to require
that the land alone shall more than secure the debt,
they apprenend no loss.
Relief Forwarded from Baltimore.
BALTIMORB, Oct 0, 1871.
Mayor Banks has called a mass meeting of citizens
at noon to-morrow, at the Masoulo Temple, to
devise measures for the relief of the Chicago
sufferers. Subscription books were opened to-day.
at some of the newspaper offices. Mr. C. C. Fulton
to-night forwarded to Chicago $1,000, subscribed at
the American counter.
A large collection was taken up to-night for Chi
cago In Bmannei church. The Bishop of Litchfield
preached. Hundreds were unable to get into the
church. ______
The Inanrance Malt in B|?rin?fieM.
SPRINGFIELD, Oct. 0, 1871.
The President of the Springfield Fire and Marine
Insurance Company authorises the statement that
its solvency Is not affected by tne Chicago fire, as
its surplus is sufficient to pay all of its risks in that
city.
FIRE Ifi 8AKDWICH, OAS ADA.
Sandwich, Onu, Oct. 9, 1871.
A large Are occurred here yesterday consuming
thirteen dwellings, three stores and four barns with
tbelr contents. Very little was saved. Lost 160,000,
with only trtamg insurance.
IK All A FOE EUROPE.
The steamship SUeaia will leave this port on Tues
day for Plymouth and Hamburg.
The mails for Europe will close at the Post Office
at half-past eleven o'clock A. M.
Tan New York Herald Edition for Europe
will be reaay at half-part nine o'clock in the morn
ing.
single copies, in wrappers lot n*"'ng, 9U oeats.
CHABBED CHICAGO
Slceteh of the Growth of the
Garden City.
ITS EARLY HISTORY.
The Mushroom Municipality That
Grew in a Swamp.
Commercial Importance and Wealth
of the Burned City.
Chicago, the Garden City, cue extraordinary
social growth to which we Americans have pointed
a tnonsand times in pride, seems In a tew Honrs to
hare scorched out Its rapid rise in the rapidity or
Its almost extlnotlon. Bat fifty hoars ago and Its
citizens would have langhed at any dis
count on Its greatness, and now, Heaven
help us I their stoat hearts are strung
not with the brave striving or golden
emulation, but with the agony of self-preservation.
To men, not so very old, It seems but yesterday that
word came to the East of a new city struggling into
life among the marshes south of Lake Michigan.
Oood-humored
8NRKRINO MKT TBI PHOrnlCSIKS,
people tben called tnem dreams, which were sent
out of making this swamp the future emporium of
the great West. In i860 there were nearly two
thousand short of thirty thousand souls, and
men only misjudged the future of the
republic in doubting the future of Cntcago. The
wide lhnds of Wlnconsin and Minnesota were unde
veloped, the fat prarles of Illinois wore until led, and
the long, rich, rolling prairies or giant lowa were
almost untouched by the plough. The great lumber
regions or the West were loved of the hunter alono;
the heavy thad of the woodman's axe and the fall
ing crash or the monarchs of the forest at the bidding
or the demands or commerce were only dreamt of
by ardent speculators.
ClilCAQO WAS OROWIHO,
but, save the stories or those Interested in its wel
fare and watching Its progress, tnerewas nothing
but the story of an Indian massacre rar back In the
century which bronght the word Chicago to the
mind.
When the war or 1812 broke out, Chicago, great
Chicago, oenslsted 01 a wooden rort called Dearborn,
erected in 1804, "to supply the Indians' wants and
control the Indian policy," just as the
rorts in the rar Territories are to-day. The
Indians, with all toe ferocity or their nature,
awakened by the Impassioned rhetoric or the power*
rul leader Tecumseh were pitted against the Ameri
cans. There were a few friendly Indians, and some
of these were aronud
TUB DEAR- BORN FORT,
wolch was then in possession or sixty or onr sol
diers under Captain Heald. Word was sent to him
by a friendly Indian from General Hall, then m
command of the Northwestern Army, to evacuate
the tort and distribute the arms, ammunition
and all United Statea property among the
rnendly Indians. The Indian messenger arrived
on the 7th or August and urged the captain
to comply with the orders without a moment's
notice, before the powerful Pottawatomles would
have time to harass him onjalsjeuoat He neglected
tins for Yve days. When lie did make the
proposal to the Indiana they accepted bin
offer that they should escort him to Fort
Wavne, but he repented -of this and
destroyed all the arms, except such as
were actually necessary. The Indians declared
they had been betrayed, and refused to be bound
by their contract. Accordingly, when Captain
Heaid, in spite of Hits warning, marched forth on
tne lath of August, the Indians who, to the number
of 500 warriors, escorted them, suddenly left too
road and poured a volley Into their flame, a tight
eusued, In which thirty -three soldiers were cut to
pieces, the remaining twenty-seven yielding them
selves prisoners. The women and children were
butchered and the fort
PLUNDERED AND BOR.VKD.
Such was the sad reminiscence or border warrare
which the rising Garden City gradually effaced In
prodortion to its swelling importance. As tne West
rose wonderfully into life so with Chicago. As it
became the emporium of tho rich products or tne
Tropics, the cereals or the temperate zone and tne
timber ami otner valuable commodities or the colder
region of America, the immigrant from older Europe
and the oltisen ot the eastern states
MINGLED IN HUB TH MOBBING BURT.
The coal fleids were developed and added a new
impetus to her life. The pineries of Michigan and
Wisconsin were sending their Intnber to ner doors.
As flue a grain land as the globe can boast was
burning Into gold around ner. Hides and tallow
were becoming staples of her commerce, snd in
beef and pork sho was rivalling the Porkopolis of
the Union. She had gathered around her an army
of ardent spirits, whose desires or success were on a
par with her prospects, and tuo advance of
Chicago became a triumphal march. staid
old St. Louis, on the Father of Waters, looked on
with something of ama2einent at the spick-and-span
dash ot her flourishing younsr neighbor. Following
the capacities of young Chicago came
FACILITIES Of COMMUNICATION.
The iron ways spread around her itko a net, connect
ing her witn Montreal, Quebec and Portland on the
northeast; New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Cincin
nati and all the great points on the east; with
Chaneston and Savannah on the southeast,
and Moolle and New Orleans on the south.
Canals were dug that water might carry what steam
would not. Never was such a luusiiroom city seen,
or the fabulous fortunes which were made in the ad
vance of
PRICK IN RIAL ESTAT*
alone it were impossible to tell in a day. Land
farmed or swamp neglected as waste within flfteen
years of the present date appreciated so marvel
lously in value that It was Itttle wonuer
it overshot the mark three or rour years
ago and has fluctuated ever Since. Fort Dearborn,
which was rebuilt in 1816. was pulled down lu 1857.
It stood in what is now tne very heart or the city?
at the junction of Michigan avenue with Lake
street? and again its site has been licked with the
lorked towrue of the fiery element which left its first
structure a heap of ashes.
In 1*33 the town was first worthy of that name.
IN 1837 IT WAS GRANTED A CHARTER.
The first vessel unloaded at Its wharf June 11,
1834, and in 18-17 its population outside of hogs, de
moralised Indians and dogs was 4,170. lu 1833
there were thirty-five houses, mostly log huts. To
give some idea of itshuman advance it is only neces
sary to know that in 1*43 it numbered 7,860 souls, in
184 j It was 16.85W, in I860 It tola! led as, 268, in 1855
It counted 80,023; in I860 it rose to 109,263; in 1x65
it embraced 178, 53?, and the census or 1870 allows
to the city prober 2w9,370, while including its
suburbs It rooted up
AT LEAST TUB KB HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND
SOULS.
All the world cried, "Woil done Chicago," and
wherever enterprise, vigor and push wereooupied
with success, Chicago had its lull share or
glory. Like all Western cities, it was built
at ilrst principally ot wood, and indeed Its cotnpar
tive cheapness, coupled with the smrcity and dear
ness of other building material, made this a neces
sity. Built originally in the midst of swampland,
it was subject to the periodical overflow irom the
nsiug ot the waters of l^ake Michigan, and tne re
suit was that much valuable property was thus
annually destroyed, Belsdes, its drainage was
detective, owing to the low level of the greater part
of the land on which the city wu built, in 1x55
this led the City Fathers to take a bold step, and
the prooer authorities uavlng been gained, it was
ordered that
THE ENTIRE CITT BE RAISED,
bouses and all, to iroui three to eight and In some
cases to Qfleen feet above its then level. The diffi
culty of this feat and tbe maimer in which it wss
surmounted Is a standing boast among the worthy
citlzeus or the lated town, in the outlying dis
tricts, where the streets and avenues have not
been raised to tbe required level, it is common to
see tbe sills o the doors or the houses built here and
there along the route raised ten or twelve feet above
the pathway, with a wooden stair on eiteer sloe
leading to a platform along the front or the store or
domicue, as the case may be. This peculiarity and
the wooden piles on wuich most or tne build
ings were raised help to make the already coinous
tlbie material of the town a reauy prey to the de
vouring element. It -esmed as if
SHRINKING FRO* DEATH ST WATER,
it had rushed Into the arms of death by name. The
site of the city is a neatly inclined plane, running
back for three miles from the lake, and only reach
ing an elevation above the lake of from mteeu to
elgnteen feet in all tbat extent. Behind it runs
through a dilution into pure "country" into the
limitless fiat prairie. In length along the lake it
extends tor nearly ten miles, and over an that ex.
tent is even on the suborns thickly built upon.
It is
DITID1D INTO TURKS PARTS?
tbe North, South aud West? by the Chicago River and
Us branches, north and south. South Chicago, the
district most terribly visited by tbe fire, lies between
the Chicago River, '-he south branch and the lake,
and comprises the entire business portion.
TBI VERY HEART OP THE CITT.
from which its commercial lifeMood flowed, and
where its social amenities centred. The Court
House, the great hotels, banks, theatres and news
paper offices are here. Bute street, the main
street or tbe city, was one to be
remembered when onee seen, with its great pQes of i
I atone, marble auu iron natiac their prww beads
above Mi stately width and crowded with Ih*
worth, vtt, fashion ui wealth or ik West ?a m
wide footways. while the wagons or owmhi
ma Mad along tm ptvemeet. Booth OUafc in.
trial also In Ka commercial epal*aea was a
magnificent sight br night, with its gnat length M
dt mrrlad gas uunoa. Dear Horn street waa another.
had La Sule street. ending in the Mlehlcaa aaa
Southern Railway depot. South Wei* street, mm,
waa a grand avenue of trade, aad over along On
Lake, where Michigan and wabash avenue ran la t
Are miles, ware gathered the taatefut honaea and
VILLA* Or TBI "B OUt MB*."
or the Oardeo City. Thaaa avennea form a ?aMgh?>
ful drive, and were naocn rreqnented by the ciuaena
when Tree from their go-ahead loll. To tae eaatofl
Central avenue, into which Michigan a venae
atood.a few honia ago pernapa
TUB LAM4BST UlLBOiS DSTOV
on the continent, that of the Iiltnota
trai and Michigan central Railroad*. On the lake
aide of the square which thla for? and I
along the mouth uf tlic Chicago Kiver are
moat ot the tall grain elevators, which are or^H
each a leature in the city. Their I owl, together
the grain they contained, win he very ?aroaal^H
the Chicago River, on Water atreat andHB^H
the houses or the commission broken, where
of the transfer toiHinena of the city la carried
Tlie north and west aides near the rlvera are
pied by the
?ARIOTTS M ANCr ACTITINO I NT mum
Incidental to the features of its trade, such a a HW
and planing mlila, pork packing, Ac. Tho re
mainder of the cuy, with certain exceptions, aervea
aa dwellings for the people and auch businesses as da*
ineatlc wants require. To picture all thla wonderful,
brilliant, powerful city of yesterday, with lta finan
cial, commercial, social and domestic roots atretoheW
oat to the remote quarters or the earth, lta
quotations and opinions among onraeivea, ita pMcea
of grains, hides aud lumber in Europe, ita traaa
connections reaching through San Francisco
TO CHINA AND JAPAN.
and Its personal family ties everywhere, practical!?
killed a maddened pauper before the world, laatok
enlng to contemplate* It Is a andly ironraal cm
meniary on the old emigration aong, which ma, J
Brink four foully oat West
If kimxI hialtb you would aajoy,
Crow over lMioo's (try
To Ilia sute or iuiiw.
The Prlnetwnl Bwlldlnse PeaWi.
Among the bmidings known to be destroyed Car
particulars of which holocausts oar news trnlmai l
must be read? Is
TBI COURT BOCBB,
a not very Imposing, but solid structure, of Lectpoig
limestone, which standa in the most central squara
In the city. It was built in 1856, but since that
date it bas had two wings added to It, for, like tfMh
city, it needed expansion. This dld*not much Mh?
prove its appearance, but It was thought sate treat
the ravages of the lire fiend, Pacing the Coast
I House stood the sumptously fitted
SBBBKAN H0U8B,
one or the principal hotels or the city, built ?t
Athens marble, and coating $400,000,
THB WBSTBBN UNION TBLKORAPU
building, two blocks away, waa another of tag
doomed edifloes.
CROSBY'S OFIBA HOU8B,
a finely constructed and costly theatre, on ITaanii^
ton, between State and Dearborn, having a fTimtaga
of 140 feet ana running back 179 reet. It
pie tod in 1866, at a cost of $450, 000.
M' VICAR'S TBBATRB,
on Madison, between State and Dearborn.
a very imposing edifice, but wUl hold a aea^^^^l
remembrance of those who have wuneaai^^^^l
plays well played within Its walls.
TKKMONT HOUBS, I
a large, first class hotel, stands at the corners*
Washington and JUearborn streets, and was patroa
ized by toe aristocratic circles or the West. I
FABBWBLL BALL,
one or the largest and moat famous lecture aatt
[meeting halls in the country, which will eaaUy seat I
SBooo persons, stands on Madison street, between I
?lark end La saiie.
I TBB CBAMBBR OP COBKBBOB
built of Athens marble, in the modern
style, at the oorner or Washington and
a beautiful building. In thla is the Board
Bail, sumptuously furnished, brtUlaatly lighted mm
artistically frescoed, lta loss will he a team, astt
was among tiw most flnished speobaens ofirchtteo*
tore ta the West.
Ct'STOtf AND POST OmCI,
on Monroe, corner or Dearborn, was she a flag
hniidlng, built of Athens marble.
TUB UNION DKFOT,
though not handsome, was a solid bonding; and ha
the light of its usefulness will be a hindrance to tha
resumption of business.

iern Italia*
La sate, la
rd of Train
TBI CITY WATEB WOBKfl,
I wliinh are probably destroyed, stand at the landen<V I
I or tbe Michigan Lake tunnel, which supplies the I
I city with water. They ore looked upon not only aa I
I a splendid piece of engineering. bat also aa an ob- I
I ject of great lutcreat. Permits to visit tt are granted I
I at tbe offlce of tbe Water Works, corner of Gbtoag* I
I avenue and Pine street, and these buildings and (a- I
I glnes are of themselves worth a visit. This I
I work was commenced March 18, 1884, and oota> I
I meted December, Man. Tue dept of the shore saaft I
I is 69 feet, and of tbe lake shaft 04 feet; tbe wtme I
I length of the tonael Is l miles. The lake teiflM|
I of tlie tunnel, known as Crlli, should be^^H
I visited, it is composed of timber securely bou^H
I together, ami is fortr feet long, ana pentagonal
I form. Upward of uno.ooo feet of timber, 2,000 oolt^H
I ana 400 Dales of oakum, costing nearly $MNM?W
I were used in its construction. Upon the top of iU? I
structure a permanent light house, and the dwelling
of the keeper, have been erected. The tunnel is tumtm
circular In form, being 5 feet 3 inches In height
S feet wide. It is enclosed in brick masonry 8 immv t
tliick. Tbe actual excavation was about T
feet, requiring tbe removal of
lio,ooo cubic yards or earth, principally ctay^
About rour million bricks were ueed tat
tho construction of the tunnel. The bot
tom of tlie lake shait is sixty -six feet below the ordt?
nary level or the lake, aud the bottom surface of UM
tunnel descends westward to the shore shaft at tha
rate of two feet per mile. The contract prtoe tor tie
work was S-11M80. but the whole cost. Inclusive at
the ltghtbonse ami Improvements to the n rim silt
works, will probably reach $1,000,000.
A Heavy Luir.
At the Academy of Music last night daring tha
entr'actes might oe observed Mr. Crosby, proprletSS
of the Opera nonse, Chicago, surrounded by syapa*
thizing irlends, bimseir apparently the least morMt
of all. tet, even with his calm exterior, one might
observe occasionally signs of tho distress or mind
tbat preyed upon him. lie said that he had mad*
every exertion and spared no expense to
have his opera bouse the handsomest sa?
tablishment of tbe kind in Ametloa da*?
ing the coming season of opera. Thousaada
of dollars were spent upon the renovation awt
adorn men t of this magnltfcent temple of art, aaA
It was to have been formally opened last night by I
ilicoilore Thomas' fuil orchestra ami Miss 8Mb
Krebs, the pianist. It was engaged for every week,
commencing with the present one. right to tho est
of the season. The loss t* aimout irreparable to
travelling concert and opera troops this winter.
A.? The (imsss Aaarlnw Bask, J
Broadway, New Fork, October t, I8T1. -This Bank Mil
celre any and a' I amount*, large or small, for tbe
ine sulTerera by thr Ore In Cbleaco, which shall be
tor warded and faithfully applied.
O. B.BCHBP.MKR,
A*? Herring's Pateat
CHAMPION SAFES,
?Jil a road war, oorasr Vnrraf
A.? I'bulon'n New PtrfsMa*,
"1 LOVE TOU"
and "WH1TK BOB 8.*
A Chance for Worlcinsr Mw.? Is Ortoja
enable tbe rn*>>:henfcal and Industrial classes
immfnse anow at West flushing the maaaaer^^^^^^^H
tbe price of admission to 50 cents children,
A.? The Beet In the Marltet.~U Tss Wsi
an Megant, fashionable silk dress HAT CO direct tot
manufacturer, E8PENSCHEID, 118 Nassau street. Price I
A Lsxsrlsst llrsd mf tlalr ss4 a CmL Ohea
scalp are very desirable. CRISTADOBO*8 HA1B PI8
8BRVATIVE win acoompltsh both. Try It
A* Water Ouesehes VlK, eo Wswly WW
WATTS' NKRVOtJrf ANTIDOTE cure all pala, SSBSS
and debllttr. __________________
Aa Eleyant Aaeertmeat mf Lsii?s> Drew
Trimmings. Entirely new patterns win be opeaed this Nnar
si(. riti end pirn, m iwrnwy.
Bafchelar'a Hair Rrs-The
world the only perfect dye harmless, reliable, I
At all druggists.
Cneper*e Maetard Parer Ceevssleeti
cleanly anil efficient. Kor sale by all drattaats.
Dlnainadn Bou?bt and Maid.
OEO. C. ALLEN, Ml Broadway, near Fouftssnth Sua
Pall s*ylee Veatleasea'e Preea Hata
at popular prloes.
BuRKE, 210 Broadway,. corner I
Jttsf RfrH??l-As lavalee
Jourln h Co's Kid Ulores, two, threes nd
PBIEM
Hall's Vegetable Mirlltaa Hair Ks
an excellent dressing and tonic Qt>r the hair and
hair grow thick.
"Plkr'n Taarhnrhe l)ron" Car# la Oae I
ate. -HILL'S 1IA1B DYE, blsck or brown, oaly fSesa
Koval Havaaa Leturry.-TIs Hlaheat
paid for Doubloons, ail kintfs of Oold sad fit nr.
TAYLOR A CO., Han</<rs, I# Wsll street. New Tor*.
The Wtlean flhattl* Hewla# ManMas T?o>
best and cheapest drat ola?? machine* in tbe wrtl; arts*
from (tf to $100 sasy payments. Salesroom 7* ?ililis|
The Pall Htylea ta -llh t Hate are iHarvela
beautf. K NOX. ihe rtAeran HATTBB, corner of OlMdVSa
and Vniloo r
and quality
and vmion g baajhem in all the parfeeUea aUSpfcjP
Call aad examine them before hoy lag am*.
Traanra, Kla(?tlc Mtaeklaaw, HE wider In
Abdominal itupportef*. Ac., Ac. Dr. OLOVBB, W
street, adiomiag Herald oiBoa
M