<6an candidate for the Presidency. Tt takos
the Springfield Republican to task for pre*
?nming to be "independent"?(what a refloc
Hon upon the title of Brother Bowen's mam
moth sheet!)?"independent" enough to op
pose the re-election of the Hero of Appomattox.
Says the Independent:?
We do not mean to intimate that the party (rentih
Hcani conld not succee t with any other name- vet
we entirely agree wnn democrat* and nine-teutli*
gf the republican voters throughout the country that
AtffOOi, v 1,6 man wl?otn 11 Will be moat
difficult for the democracy to beat, auu whom
^^Vefcc^fP?'>llC?USThCan n,oit eas,ly anrt c,r
itrans ?hi effort to divert rcpuh
i? u! Purpose hv attaeicing General
simply a wusio of powder. He haa
tb2 ?ove^,i??rJ00?"1 en,(1 at,ona' a'"1 l,as managed
asfdn rn w"";ly a"(1 100 well to be laid
fieannn-f.^f y Uot ">"re'<?*n Half a dozen repub
tiflSJKii h wfc0 "ave falcon It into their heaiia
HUPa*?? ^denomination. The beaL Hung iiiey
can do_U quietly to accept the Inevitable, and con
w?.h !l?.m .Wl1'1 rhe reflection that the col
!^a.ain th9 Party is quite equal to their
HlJi A? 5 '"rli- We are not entirely without nope
mat the Springfield Uei/ubUcan wiU ere long come
to this conclusion.
The New TcHt Tablet (Catholic) is still dis
cussing with Ilenry Ward Beeciior the
"Rights of Conscience," and pitching into the
Herald lor ventilating some of the alleged
abuses in the management of the Calvary
Cemetery. Its advice to the complainants
who express their grievances through the
Herald is as follows:?
If these ?'Catholics" who are raising such a hne
f. cr? tfic iiK,'si.n against tho Calvary trustees,
instead tuereoi, would quictiy form a dcpiitatton
and wait upon the gentlemen In question, or
on the ecclesiastical authorities, requesting their in
terference in mo matter, we snould tntuk it would bo
a wiser and more eillcacious. us it would certainly
be a more dignified aud a more "Catholic" course
to pursue.
It does not do much harm occasionally to
?hake the cobwebs out of the pulpits of some
divines, just as we uow and than stir up old
political hacks in their forums and at the
hustings.
The Boston Pilot (Catholic) elaborates on
the "Female Army of the Future," in which
the gallant editor, with unusual ungallantry,
proclaims that
have enough cripples and Idiots and nn
.aT~*f womo" 'a me country, without getting
orccinentcvcry November, and an ex
traordinary one at Presidential elections. J
The editor of the Pilot is evidently not
counted in Among the woman's rights shriekers.
The Pilot claims that the Irish are a read
ing people, and are able to support their own
papers without "Ring aid" from any quarter.
Here is a declaration from tho Pilot, credit
able to its independence and furnishing as
surances of its popularity among the "great
Irish-American reading population:
.25?, I'^ot 18 tne most extensively read Irlsh
n the country' an(1 'l never received
on? dollar or on? cent in a way derogatory to tne
cdaractef 01 an Irish-American Catholic newspaper.
The Golden Age?after the crazy tilt on
behalf of the wild and disgusting free lovers
at Steinway Hall the other night?touches on
national politics, saying:
d rc"f*i{!y i?? ".hi'ls of Grant men who will soon
th? residents failing fortunes: one is the
,.x type who "ever do a brave act In
Smn l"!0 raake a lUjfn toae(i expediency the
General 2iti? i??!i i! ac,tlou; auU lUo otuer the
aifiEli.irf yj,c' who bear a ,on8 time with au
anu^h? ryJ or au Incouipeteat President,
^nthPeSv^,mc aua mU3t Uo ?omethiug
If Schuyler Colfax and Ben Bntler are the
"types" or those who are to defeat General
Grant, then we are inclined to think that the
anti-administration form of opposition is es
sentially sqnabbfed," and all the ends that
those who aro engaged in the "inake-np" aim
at will not 'justify" the means they take to
attain them.
Tho Jewish Messenger notices with com
mendation the fast that among the first acts
of the Grand Duke Alexis on his arrival in
this city was to attend tho Church of his
fathers and offer up his thanks for his safe
deliverance from the dangers of the sea. The
Messenger adds:
Ths dangers of ttie sea. We do not know whether
that beautiful Idea la borrowed Iroiu Judaism, but
centuries since It lormeil part ol our ritual, as one
of the periods prescribed lor oiTeriug uianka was on
arriving on shore after a sea voyage, w itu many in
Israel that thanksgiving is placed on the shelf of
oblivion. They couMder themselves wiser than the
prince who acknowledged his humllltr before the
Cod of his adoration. Perhaps his example may
five a better tone to their feelings, aud cause ihem
os similar occasions, and even at all times, to pour
forth their hearts' best emotions to Israel s God.
The tkottish-American Journal, a sheet
which, although not essentially a religious
Organ, frequently gives some practical hints
oa religious themes, has this week an editorial
on the subject of "Races and Religions," in
whieh, after going over the earlier days of
Christian triumphs and Christian persecutions
In Europe, especially whero they claim his
toric relationship with the progress of Chris
tianity in Germany, concludes as follows:?
Protestantism, Romanism and Orientalism have
their respective causes In the depths of the soul and
In the action 01 Divine Providence. Their spiritual
genesis may be traced far beyond the time of their
historical appearance. Rut. alter all, In attempting
to speculate about tnem, It is not improper to in
quire whether, In the variations of human nature or
history, there be anything wnich leads the Ger
manic, Latin and bclavonio races to accept or
adhere to one creed or form of Christianity rather
than another.
Beside the fact of the existence of a spirit
>f grace in several localities our distant
'eligious exchanges furnish nothing especially
sew or important
A Southern exchange expresses the belief
that Carl Schurz will in 1872 plaj the rdle of
Calhoun in 1882. The result will probably be
the same?showing that nullification is a nul
lity
The San Juan Question To Bb Arbi
TBATXd.?The present is a moment of inter
national conciliation. By cable telegram from
Berlin we are informed that the territorial line
claims difficulty between England and the
Baited States, known as the San Juan ques
tion, <s to be arbitrated. His Majesty, the
Emperor of Germany, has consented to act as
the friend of both nations for its settlement.
The United States memorandum on the
subject will be presented to the Kaiser
in Berlin by Minister Banoroft on the
10th of December, the British government
Stating the case of Her Majesty Victoria
?bout the same moment. The San Juan ques
tion wore an aspect which was very threaten
ing to the maintenance of peaceful relations
between the American government and Eng
land at one time, some years since. It en
gaged the earnest attention of the late General
Scott, besides being a source of much personal
Inconvenience to the old soldier. It will be
good to have it settled and the line defined,
particularly so for the satisfaction of the citi
nens of California and that of the residents in
Vancouver's Land.
Is Not thb Bangor Whig travelling a
little out ol its course in giving advice about
'the New York Oolleotorshlp? But perhaps
some gentleman from Maine attends to his
arduous duties in our Custom House and
scribbles for the columns or our Down East
?ontemporarv at the same tinea
THE PRINCE OP WALES' ILLNESS.
Condition of the Patient on Friday
and Yesterday Morning.
BULLETINS OF THE PHYSICIANS.
The Fever Variable, But More Se
vere During the Night
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Londok, Not. 25, 1871.
The official bulletins of the physicians
attending the Prince of Wales state that the
symptoms in the case of His Royal Highness
"assumed a more favorable appearance" in
the course of the day yesterday.
There was a slight abatement of the fever,
and the patient was easier.
After dark the fever increased, and the
Prince "passed a restless and uncomfortable
night."
E N G L A N D.
Rigor of the Winter Weather and Loss
of Life from the Cold.
Disasters in Coal Mine*?Railway Accident and
Injuries?Democracy in Dover?The
Yacht Livonia in Port
TELEG8AI TO THE HEW YORK HEIULO.
London, Not. 25, 1871.
The sudden and severe coldness 01 toe weather
causes great distress among the unprepared poor.
The police returns show that within the limits of
the city of London seventeen deaths have resulted
Immediately from the extreme cold since the Ice
first appeared.
Measures are being taken to provide fuel and
clothing for the pcrsous who arc still suficring.
COAL MINE KXrLOSIONS?DEATH AND WOUNDS.
A colliery explosion occurred yesterday near
Bromwlch wniie the men wero at work. Eight
miners are known to have been killed.
A similar accident Is reported as having Just oc
curred in a coal mine near Haversford, by which
twenty men were Injured, but, so far as has been yet
ascertained, no one was killed outright.
PERIL ON THE IKON BAIL.
An accident happened to the Scotch express train
on the Northwestern Railway last night.
The cars were badly wrecked and seventeen per
sons seriously Injured; but no deaths nave been re
ported.
DEMOCRACT AT THE TOLLS.
Mr. Jesseli, the liberal candidate, has been re
turned to Parliament from Dover.
TIIK LIVONIA AT COWES.
Mr. Ashbury's yaoht Livonia arrived at Cowes
yesterday.
TITE COTTON SUPPLY.
The steamship Wyoming, from New York, landed
,000 bales of cotton at Liverpool to-day.
ENGLAND AND THE UNITED 8TATES.
The 8an Joan Boundary Question To Be Arbi
trated by Germany.
TLLECRAM TO THE MEW tttK 8ERALYL
Berlin, Not. 25, 1871.
nis Majesty the Emperor of Germany has con.
scnted to act as arbitrator bctweeu the United
States of America and England upon the question of
the disputed line between the former country and
Vancouver's Island tn the Straits of San Juan de
Fuca.
Hon. George Bancroft, the United States Minister
to Germauy, will be Invited to present to His Majesty
on the 10th of December the memorandum In the
matter from the State Department at Washington.
The argument of the English government in sup
port of the claim of urcat Britain is expected to be
presented to the Emperor shortly.
GEBMAMY.
Naval Minion to Brazil and National Vindication.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW TORI HERALD.
Berlin, Nov. 25,1871.
Ordere have been despatched to the naval autho
rities at Kiel directing them to fit out three Prussian
men-of-war for Brazil.
It la udderstooa that the purpose of the expedi
tion is to demand satisfaction for the maltreatment
or a German naval officer and two cadets of the
service daring a fight which occurred some short
tune since In the stroets of Rio Janeiro.
BELGIUM.
The Troops in Brussels Reinforced and Precau
tions Against Riot
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Brussels, Nov. 25, 1871.
The street riots have been suppressed, and ap
parent quiet prevails In the city.
Very great excitement still exists, notwithstand
ing, ana the occurrence of a fresh outbreak is pos
sible at any moment
Army reinforcements arrived here daring the day.
The authorities are firm and taking efficient steps
to qnell further attempts at violence and disorder.
AUSTRIA.
Cabinet Affirmation and Legislative Con vocation.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Vienna, Nov. 25, 1871.
The newly appointed members of the Cisletthan
Cabinet took their oaths of office to-day.
The Matcbsrath is convoked for the 21st of De
cember.
ROME.
The United State* Mission to ths Italian Court.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
Rome, Nov. 25, 1871.
Hon. George P. Marsh, Minister or the United
States, has arrived and established the American
Legation in this city.
EGYPT.
The Steamship Collision and Disaster Off Ale:
andria.
TELEGRAM TO THE DEW YORK HERALD.
Alexandria, Nov. 24,1871.
The name of the steamship which was wrecked in
the harbor by collision yesterday nas not been as
certained.
Tne vessel was crowded wtth passengers from
Algiers en route to Mecca by the 8uea Canal. Sev
enty five of them were drowned.
No F.uropean traveller was drowned so far as
known.
FRANCE.
The Mission to Washington and
M. Jules Ferry.
ProMcation of the Preo-~Condemnation of
CommumaU.
lElECMH TO THE HEW YORK HERAUL
London, Nov. 25,1871.
The London standard publishes a special tele
gram from Paris winch asserts that the appoint
ment of Jules Kerry as Freucn Minister to Wash
ington Is sure to be made.
CENSORSHIP OP Till PKR8S.
The publication of the Raupel newspaper has
been suspended by orders lrom the Department of
the Interior.
COHHITNI8TS CONDKKNID.
The Commission of Pardons has rejected the ap
peals of Ferre, Rossel aud other leading Commun
ists.
President Thiers' Reception at Rouen.
Paris, Nov. 26?P. M.
President Thiers and General Clssey made a trip
to Rouen to-day, and visited t he site of the proposed
military establishment.
The citizens extended a warm reception to the
dlstinguxhed visitors, wno left to-night on thoir re
turn to Versailles.
AFFAIRS IN TEXAS.
THE APA0HE3 DOOMED.
Partirniars of the Wyckentourar Stage Mai
?acre?Hnrrounded by the Havages and the
Passengers Despatched with Rifles aud
Lances?The Gratitude of These Fiends for
Government Prelection.
San Francisco, Nov. 25, 1871.
Despatches from Arizona stale that a hundred
government cattle were run off by Apacbe Indians
In the Valle de Chlno, near PrescotL The troops and
citizens who were pursuing the Apaches who
murdered the Wyckenburg stage passengers
trailed them directly to the Dale creek reservation.
The fact that a large pait or the Apaches residing
there were absent at ino time of the massacre was
proven by the officer on the reservation.
A despatch says that among the passengers was
one registered as Alfred W. Loring, of Wheeler's
expedition. Loring was the only passenger who was
not wounded at tne tlrst fire of the ludians, wno
were ambushed, completely surrounding the stage.
The three passengers outside aud the driver were
killed at the llrst volley. The Indians then rushed
for the stage. Loring and liamil lost their presence
of nund and Jumped from the stage on the side
where tne ludians were. Messrs. Shepherd and
Kruger, both wounded. Jumped from the other side
and escaped.
In an instant Loring was surrounded by the
savages. After being wounded no tried to escape,
wnen the Indians tired two shots, which passed
through his breast. Loring fell and was dispatched
by a lance. Fames knowing him here say there is
no doubt of his Identity. The people or Froscott
raised volunteers, wlln the determination of killing
every Apache In the reservation, but hnuliy con
sented to leave the matter with General Crook.
ALABAMA ENDORSES GRANT.
.Heeling of (he State Republicans Who Will
Support the President Next Year.
Montgomery, Ala., Nov. 24, 1871.
Three hundred republicans from all parts of the
State, who had been invited by the State Executive
Committee, assembled at the capitul to-night. The
Committee submitted resolutions endorsing Grant
und denouncing the Ku Klux.
A resolution was then offered commendatory of
Senator Spencer and other members of Congress.
The committee reinsed to submit It to tho meeting,
and ex-Senator Warner opposed it violently. The
The committee finally left the room when the reso
lutions were adopted unanimously.
Tins is a great victory for Senator Spencer and a
crushing defeat of ex-Senator Warner.
Depredations of the f'nmanrlies ut Kirkapoo
Mpriogs?1The Dallas nrd Warhita Railroad
Bill? Wasbiagtou Country Flection.
Galveston, Nov. 'X 1871.
A ?pt>ci.v despatch to the Vetr>- from San Antonio, dated the
21th Inst., sayiCaptain Trainer has arrived from the fron
tier and reports that on Wednesday mornloc the Camanchea
captured US mules from ;ha train of Messrs. Adams, Dlolc
0 Co., at Klckapoo s-prluga, thirty miles south of Fort
Concho.
A special despatch from Austin to the same paper says
The Dallas and Wacbita Ral.road 1)111 has passed the Senate.
The incorporators are men of capital ami the road will bo
commenced immediately.
Attorney General Alexander helleves that the contents of
both ballot botes of Washington county should be counted.
This will chance the general result as published by Uovernor
Davis.
OBITUARY.
Captain R. I>. Minor* U. 8. N.
The above named gentleman died auddenly in
Richmond, Va., on Friday night, November 24. Cap
tain Minor waa educated for the United .states Navy,
in which service he held the commission or Lieu
tenant Commander. He Joined the Confederate
Navy of the Sontn daring the war, and served with
very considerable eclat under the rebel flag. lie
ranked as a distinguished American officer during
the tears or his service, 'fne Captain held the position
01 chief engineer 01 the James River improvements
at the moment or his decease. Mr. Minor was
born in tho state of Virginia, but was appointed to
the navy as a citizen or Missouri. He entered the
service of the Union on the 2Mb of February, in
the year 1841. Ho was engaged on duty under his
first commission during a space of three years,
and completed a total term ol service at sea
amounting to thirteen years and eight months.
He was on shore lor a space of two years and
seven mouths, and discharged his duty for eigh
teen years ami ten months under the flag. Cap
tain Minor went to sea lor the last time in the
United Stales service on board the sloop-of-war
Preble in the month of September, 1868.
Jobn Russell, of Portland.
Mr. John Russell, of Portland, Me., died in that
city last Friday night He was fifty-nine years of
age. Mr. Rnssell was at one time Superintendent
or the Portland, Saco and Portsmouth Railroad.
E. P. Gurriah.
Mr. E. P. Garrish, President of the Caseo Bank,
and for many years cashier of that Institution, died
in Portland, Me., on the night of Friday, 24th lnst.
Reuben B. Valentine.
By telegram, dated in Bellefontalne, Pa,, on the
26th instant, we learn that Renben B. Valentine, a
member of the firm of Valentine A Mlllken, or the
Beliefoutaino forges, died during the morning, or
disease of the heart. Mr. Valentine was forty-two
years of age.
BROOKLYN ITEMB.
daring Rorbkrv?At six o'clock last night two
men entered Carston Broden's grocery, corner of
Gold and Nassan streets, overpowered Mr. Broden,
who had been left in charge, and roobed the money
drawer of $16. They also stole a gold medal valned
at $30.
Finn.?A two story rrame house, at 148 North
Fourth street, K. D., owned by Mm. Holaberge. was
destroyed by fire at half-past' nine o'clock last
night. Insured in the Citizens Insurance Company
for $;oo. _
TELEGRAPHIC NEWB ITEMS.
Two colored lawyer* w*re yesterday admitted, at Louis
ville, to practice at Ike Kentucky bar.
At Boston the Eastern Railroad Company has just paid
$16,150 to parsons who were injursd in the late Revere dis
aster. oihar claims are being Investigated.
A despatch from Nsw Orleans yesterday announces tbnt
the Metairle race* will comtnanoa on Saturday next. A
large number of horses have already arrived there.
A despatch from Boston states that $31,(MO worth of the
draft* forged by <1. A. Harrison have been taken up. John
G. C. Clara, whose name was forged, Is bis father In-law.
The new Lfndslt >lot?l at St. Louis la to b* rebuilt at a
cost ol VlUtUHV. It will cover an entire square bounded by
Gisth and bersnth streets, Washington avenue and Green
strsat.
The bark Bay City, while In tow or the tug Dunkirk nt Port
Colborae, Ontario, orose loose. A gale arose subsequently
and tba captain had her beached, but the lug and barges have
not ainoe beau heard of
Dennlsoa Millar, formerly residing seven miles from De
troit on the Chicago road, was muroeieil In hit house on
Frhlav night by a burglar lie was stabbed with a knife and
died inilautly. The murderer escaped.
Great exclteasnt prevail# over th# Paih tragedy In Clark
county, Indiana. It is suspected that while men instigated
the murders, and the regress Taylor, who Is anpuosed to
have been the special butcher on the occasion, has (ltd.
ROBBERY OF JUDGE 8PAULDIN0'S HOUSE.
On Thursday afternoon four boys, named respectively
James McKfm, Franc* Connolly, Waldo La Due aad Julius
Hinderlst, effected an entrance into a vacant house in Slity
Brat street, near Tenth avenue, then ascending
to the roof ther pried open the scuttle
of ,'udgc Spauiuinr'i bouse which is next
door nnd descended Into the servants' apartments, from
Which Uirv si..le a quantity of wearing appitrul and sold and
stive, coins. Ore of the parties una nrrestvd a* he was 'eas
ing Ihe premises and handed over to olUcers McLaughlin
and rer of tne Twenty second pre (Mot. fhr one who wns
hi rested cave itif irmaiinn which led to the arrest of the
other three Justice Coulter, before whom they were
an Signed yesterday sfternoou, oommined them lor trim ia
default of balk
Personal Intelligence.
Congressman William Williams, ol Buffalo, la at
the Filth Avenue Hole!.
Lieutenant W. A. Dangcrflchl. of the Britlsti Navy,
haa arrived at the Sturtevnnt House.
General W. G. M. Davis, of Fiorina, is stopping at
the St. Nicholas llotei.
Paymaster General Horatio Bridge yesterday ar
rived from Washington at the Hoffman House.
Colonel Sam Tate, of Memphis, Teun., Is at the St.
Nicholas Hotel.
General H. A. Barnum, of Syracuse, has taken
quarters at the Hoffman House.
Congressman Eugene uale is sojourning at the
Filth Avenue Hotel.
Colonel Henry Harriett, of the United states Army,
has qnarters at the Sturtevant House.
George M. Pullman, of Chicago, yesterday arrived
at tne Brovoort House.
H. W. Halliwell, of Philadelphia. Is at the Hoff
man House. Mr. ftialliwell Is the Secretary of t'je
Board of Education of Philadelphia.
Lieutenant Colonel Bridges, of tho British Army,
is at the Everott House. Colonel Bridges has been
for some ttinoin this country on a pleasure tour.
General Joseph Ilooser is In the city, stopping at
the Brovoort House. He has come from the West,
where he has been attending the meeting of the
Army of tho Cumberland, and speaking words of
cheer to the disabled veterans la tho Soldiers'
Homes.
The Itcv. J. P. Thompson. D.D, sailed yesterday
la the steamship Weser. his ultimate destination
Is Germany. He will tlrst visit Liverpool, to call
upon tho Rev. Mr. W. M. Taylor, and urge him to
accept tne call of the congregation of tno Broadway
Tabernacle.
Mr. William Graston, Major Charles E. Jenkins,
W. E. Perkins, C. M. Wlrsch and W. B. storer, a
committee from the Boston Board or Aldermen,
appointed tor the purpose of Inviting the Grand
Dute to the "Hub." arrived in town lost nlgnt, and
are now comfortably qu&rierod at the Westminster
Hotel.
Mr. Louis Engel, Professor of the Royal Academy,
London, and known In Europe as the greatest
authority uu the harmonlcou (organ), uas arrived
In New York.
A LITTLE AFFAIB AT LITTLE ROCK.
The Mayor, Council and Chief of Police
in Hlub Dudgeon.
Little Rock, Ark., Nov. 25, 1871.
Mayor Catterson last night deposed Chler ol Police
Vance and appointed O'Connell to flit the vacancy.
Four members of the old Council directed
Vance to disobey the order. This tnornlog
the Mayor nlet Vance, and seeing that he
still wore the Chief's star, demanded lis removal.
Vance refused to comply unless the council ordered,
and urcw a pistol. The Mavor had three special
policemen remove the star by force. cauBiug great
excitement. It is stated that the four members
aforesaid petitioned tho Governor to declare mar
tial law.
The council stands divided, the four obi members
lor and the lour new ones against Hie state admin
istration.
The council met to-night, when the administra
tion men liau a majority and elected Vance Chief of
Police.
FIRE8 LAST MIGHT.
At Pier 0 East River.
At ten minutes pest six o'clock lest night a fire broke out
on the bng D. K. Stockwell, lying at the loot of pier t Kast
River, caualng a loss to the vessel of $10,000, fully insured.
The cargo was damaged $5,000. The vessel ia owned by
Thurston A Prasbey, of Bangor, Maine, and com
manded by Captain Jacob Harding. There were 1,000 bar
rels of kerosene oil in the brig at the time of the fire, which,
fortunately, did not take tire. The tire originated from the
breaking of a lamp by tbe steward between the decks.
In Went Street.
At half-past six a fire also broke out in the five story
brlok building fcfi West street, owned by Charles Spear, and
occupied on the first and fourth floors by the owner as a
flour and grain (tore, whose loss is $5,000 on stock and
$7,000 on building; Insured for $11,500. The second and
third floors were occupied by 11. B. Cromwell A Co., shipping
agents, who sustain a total loss. The building was totally
destroyed. Tlie lire ii supposed to have originated from the
carelesiness of a clerk In the employ of Cromwell A Co. The
adjoining building, No. 85. ulso took tire, causing a loss to
the building of $5(i0; insured foi $7,500. The urst floor, oc
curled by J. L Hloblen. soap chandlers, was daraaced $300
on stock. The upper portion was occupied by Camp, Day A
Co., canned truit deaMW*, and damaged $400. Bulb parlies
are fugv ,'usvta.
Fire 1m Willimoiakar a?Narrow Escape of
feleeplna ChiMrcn.
Between nine and ten o'clock last night a fire
broke out In the two story frame dwelling No.
1411 North fourth street, Williamsburg, caused, It
Is bettered, by the explosion of a kerosene lamp. The
Ore originated in the apartments of Mr. and Mrs. Soiiwartz
man, who oooupled the flrat floor. Jloth were absent at ibe
time and their three children were asleep when the lire
occurred._ Hie Innocents were gallantly rescued without
nd furmit
injury. The loss on building and furniture will not exceed
VI.UOll; Insured for $700 In the Citizens' Company. The
Hchwartman family lost all their household ctlects. Ibe
family of John Hackus. residing on the second Boor, escaped
with their lires and some of their property. Tue building
was owned by Mrs. Htillsburgh.
NEWARK'S BURNT HALT HOUSE.
Grave Complaint* Against the Chief Engl,
seer of the Fire Department.
It WA8 stated In the Herald accounts of the burn
ing last Thursday morning la Newark of Iiallan
tlne's big malt house, Involving a loss of over two
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars, that
the fire alarm telegraph boxes refused
jo work, tlto result of which was
was that a precious half hour was entirely lost
before the firemen were really called out, and when
they got to the soeae of destruction the flames com
pletely enveloped the large building and mocked
human eflorts to subdue them. There seems to be
not a soadow of donbt that, had the telegraph
been In proper working order, the bulidtug
would certainly have been saved. In the half hour
wasted ail the ore hendsdeviltry was accomplished.
This fire alarm telegraph was introduced in Newark
after much agitation on the part or the Hbrald.
It cost from gift,ooo to $18,too. Competent tele
graphers say that It was put up In a wretchedly
poor manner. Be this as U may it did
good service nntil Thursday morning. Com
plaints have been made, and very serious
ones, too, but not agalust the telegraph but rnu
VUVO| *vvf "w wv> ??v kvivmimpii ?'uv i iio
Chief Engineer. Mr. Cariruff Is Chiet Engineer. He
was receiving a salary of $1,hoo, out some time ago
there was created a new office, that of Superinten
dent of Fire Alarm Telegraph, with a salary oi $i,uoo.
This also was conferred ou him by the Common
Council. The duties had been per: or rued lor a year by
him and the preceding chief engineer without any
pay whatever, and
THE POPULAR BELIEF
ia that the office was created bv an overwhelmingly
partisan council for a partisan favorite. It now
turns out that he waa aware some time beloru
the Malt House fire that tho telegraph
was out of working order, bat nevertheless he
neglected to have it placed m proper efficiency. It
is even charged that h knows absolutely nothing
of telegraphy. His excuse is that some private
wlrea put up In the city crossed the alarm
telegraph wires and so disarranged tneui;
but this la shown to be Incorrect, ana besides he
knew that such a atory was advanced days before
the fire. This is not the first serious charge brougni
against the Chief Engineer, but heretoiore they
have been enoked down on the ground
or lielng the result of political maliciousness. Such
a defence now is simply absurd. It la probable thai
some action will lie taken in the matter aa public
opinion demands.
BROOKLYN PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY,
The fourteenth season of the Brooklyn Philhar
monic Society opened last night with n grand con
cert at the academy. The house waa crowded with
the due of the city of Brooklyn, the ladies
displaying elegant and elaborate toilets,
and most ot the gentlemen appearing in
full evening drees. Miss Kellogg waa rapturously
received and enthusiastically encored.
THE NEW YORK STATE ELECTION.
Alhamt, No*. M71.
The J,mr*al has the official bfurss of lbs lata Slate election,
which show that Seribnar received >17,101 vote* and WUIera
SSM14.
TROY AND THE NEW PARTISAN POLICY.
Tnov, h. T? Nov. 25, 1871.
Nr. Brands ft. Mavtr baa boon elected chairman of tba
Citizen*' Reform Commutes to Investigate tbo frauds io the
lata election* and lo procura the Indictment of tba guilty
*ri'C?; also to recommend a plan of lagUlaiioa to cecum
iheimntv of the ballot box and IU* Inauguration of a iron
partita n policy.
EUROPEAN MARKETS.
Lnniww Montr M a as nr.?London, Nov. 15?1:30 P.
N.? t'ouaols i-loseii at MM a SBH for both montv and lbs
account United stale* nvo-lwonir o..nda, 1MB'*, ?1 U IBM'*,
Olti, w IIMIi'*, MS: tan-lorn#*, M.
L.IVKBFOOI. tlOTTTOS MAXKtT.-Liverpool,. Nov tS
1 :.io r.M.- The cuilon market cIomu strong. Middling upland*,
ftSgd. *?'id.; middling Orleans. tUd. the sale* of the il??
bare been I'M,ttiu bales, including K.UU lor speculation and
export. The shipment* of cotton irom Bomharlo the 24th
III.i. have lie en l.mio hale*.
Livxhpool ?*r*i>i.Ti'vva ManKrt. Livwxi-ool, Nov.
ift?Noon.-The market U doll. Wh*?t, lta ltd per Seoul
for California white, and lit. a It*. ?d. lor No. 2 red Wev.-rn
?pilng. Corn,M*. M. per i(utrter Beae, it*, per quarter
for ao-adlan.
Uvt spool Pnoppun MaaaxT.-Livierooa. Nov. 86.
TeUvw, 47a, W |i?r ewt.
WASHINGTON.
The Secretary of State and
the London Mission.
The Withdrawal of Minister Schenck
Stated To Be Certain.
The Transactions in the Emma nine a Dis
appointment to His Friends.
W ashington, Nor. 26, 1871.
The Secretary of Minte and the London Mis
sion.
The Hod. Hamilton F'lsh Is profoundly meditating
the new turn things have taken on the English mis*
slon. Notwithstanding any temporary authority to
deny the recall or General Schenck the programme
will bo carried out. His late residence hero is
closed up, and all rnings promise his very early re
tirement from ihe Caolnet >aud acceptaneo of the
English mission. This exposure of Hchenck'a weak
ness is made tnc subject of many conferences, and it
Is difficult to Know precisely how to meet it. It was
boldly asserted to-day that tne loose political and
business morality whicn pervades Washington so
ciety led Major Genoral Robert Schenck to let down
his scrupulous Interpretation of official honor in
order to accepi stock presents. Persons tn the city
from Utah and Nevada say that William M.
Stewart, Senator from the latter State. Is re
sponsible for the wild manner of adver
tising tne Emma Mine in England. Stewart
sailed from New York city for London last July,
after having conducted a successful contest against
the origlual pre-emptors of the Emma Mine. He
and Curtis J. Hillyer championed the claim of James
E. Lyon, of Colorado, against Warren Hosser and
Walker Brothers, Apostate Mormons, the (i rat.
proprietors. These latter were backod up
by William Park, of Vermont, once unsuccess
ful candidate lor tiie United States Senate
from California against Jolm Conness. Stewart
resides uext door to General Schenck in the city of
Washington. He is a dasnlug auventorer and
speculator, who has made and lost largo fortunes
in Nevada mines, receiving, It is said, as much as
$300,000 lor stock received as fees in a single opera*
tlon. Schenck, Park and Stewart are the only
Americans, except Buster, named in tne
list of nine directors, while Hussey is
put aown as manager. Tnc Lyon and
Park interests, coalesced by a compromise,
both being afraid of Judge McKeou's Court in Uiah
and Its loose way of drawing juries. A patent being
obtained after the compromise, this vast system of
advertising was designed and carried into effect by
Stewart's advisers, and Schenck was drawn lntotho
transaction, schenck is a poor man comparatively.
It is alleged that Ills residence in this city
was presented to bint wnile chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee, by Mr.
John A. Criswold, of Troy, N. Y., and
others. He is a man of originality, great will and
decisiveness of character, but had become indolent,
lmmetnodicai and shiftless before his departure for
Europe. Ihe Ways and Means Committee
affords such a plenteous hospitality and
good cheer from convivial lobbyists and
tariff pullers that it nad worn out
Schenck and blunted his original (lnc souse of
mcety. Immense sums of money nave been made
within the (ast year i>y selling mines in Utan to
Englishmen, and this reckless experiment with the
Emma mine will probably give the call to halt in
such dealing in foreign markets for tho future. Mr.
Scbeuck's friends are tn much distress over these
disclosures.
Presidential Appoint ineatn.
Since the adjourn meat of Congress the President
has made 220 appointments, which are to be Hcted
upon by the Senate. Of these appointments twenty
four are under the Interior Department, sixteen
unaer the Department of J uacice, .seventeen in the
Navy Department, fifty-four In the Postmaster's De
partment, seveuty-flve in the State Department and
seventy-four In tne Treasury Department. He has
also appointed fifty-six commissioners for the cen
tennial celebration of independence, whose appoint
ments are not to be acted upon by the Senate.
D. it. Kisley has been appointed as ntre.it for the
Indians or the Upper Platte, Whitstone Agency; II.
K. Johnson as Internal Revenue Gauger lor the
Thirtieth Ohio district; William A. Whltzon as
Assistant Assessor for the Seventh Indiana district,
and Frederick S. Turkey as Assistaut Assessor for
the First Virginia district.
The Kantian Kmbitmy.
General Gorloff will simply adt as Charge d'Atfnltcs
of Russia until the successor of Mr. Catacazy shall
be appointed, the functions of the latter having
ceased.
Mare Defaulting C5 over n meat OfflHul*.
An agent of the government has telegraphed from
Tennessee to the District Attorney that ne has
taken Into custody Michael Strohnner, David
Beatty, James Beatty and Claiborne Beatty. These
men were indicted by the Grand Jury or the Dis
trict of Colombia, with Colonel William B. Stokes
aud Victor Powell, who were charged with defraud
ing the United States of $oo,ooj, by presenting a
fraudulent muster roll, purporting to be a correct
roll of the members of Captain Beatty's company of
Independent Scouts, knowing the said muster roll
to be untrue.
Bureau of Indian Aff airs.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs to-day re
ceived a letter from F. S. Lyon, agent for the Creek
Indians, dated at Ocmulgee, November 18, giving
information of peace aud quietude among the
Creeks, and stating that the Council nas again con
vened with large accessions ot new members from
the former turbulent (action, nearly all of whom
now seem well satisfied, and there is prospect 01 an
abiding peace,
Wnrehnanu Fmi in New Orleamt.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a letter
from Special Agent Rinsala, at New Orleans, who
states that no fee is collected at that
port for either a warehouse or withdrawal
entry, while at other ports there exists a diversity
in the practice, writes:?
The proper fees to t>e collected for a warehouse
entry at por's other than those situated on the
Northern frontiers are as follows:?
ror the order ?o nand food* to warehouse, twenty cent*;
for collector's certificate on Inroice and for oath on snirv,
twenty eenta each, and for the hond, fifty cent*. When
more than one Inrotoe It included In n warehouse
entry, n fee of twenty centa I* exacted
for each Invoice after the Drat. No charge
?a made tor a withdrawal entry. A fee. however, of twenty
cents la to be charged tor each permit to withdraw, and in
ease of withdrawal for eiportation an additional fee of
thirty cent* should be charged tor th? permit to load good*
tor exportation, uador the circular ot April 21, 1871.
Treasury Balances.
The balance In the Treasury at the ctoee of busi
ness to-day was:?
Coin $92,7*1.575
currency 7,065, sot
Gold certificates 20^164,quo
A BLOW AT RA1LK0AD M0N0P0LIES
CINCINNATI, NOV. 25, 1871.
The directors of the Board of Trade to-day passed
resolutions asking the general freight agents
of the country to adopt a national classifi
cation for freights. reauesting Congress
to Interfere to prevent the present dts
crlmstion In rales and extortions and to sim
pilly the means of redress; petitioning Cougress to
mane appropriations to finish the iatiMsviiie Cunal,
purchase the outstanding stock and make the caual
free.
CONFERENCE OF FRIENDS.
Cincinnati. Nov. 25, lata
The International Conference uf Frteuds, first day
schools, now In session at W itnnngton, Ufcio, has
selected Lynn, Mass.. as the next place of meeting
to be held in Novemlter, 1872. Adjourned,
ALGERIANS IN FHILADELFIUA.
Cayenne Taa Hat far African*.
Pun.AMi.PtHA, Nop. 15. 1871.
Six A-gerinc*. who liait been captured by French dur
ing the late rebellion In Algler* and **at to Cayenne, amvrd
here recently by a vessel from Demcrara. Thvy e*cat>ed w
Dcnu r?r* on rait
To day thsr had an interview with Mw>r r<>?. who prom
i lend mem die? should uql be mot bacK.
TUB PUBLIC OFFICII.
Ot yartaral ml Pack*.
>r. Comptroller Oreen paid yesterday to the shove Ispart
mant f 80,1*10. The Commissioner of Park* also reports too
completion of the Maeomba Dam Bridge. Tbe oara af
the bridges across the Harlem Klver waa a duty
Imposed upon thfa commission by the taat Legislature, on
Uie dangers of Maootab's Dam Bridge, aery soon draw tha
attention of the Commissioners to tlia rrai.ty of the structure,
and now there la no danger in paaeiug along thia attractive
thoroughfare.
Tax Kerelpti.
Mr. Barnard Smytb, Tax Receiver, during the week ending
Friday, collected the following amonnta for taxes
November Id glftS.XM "4
Noveml?er 'JO |7!l,:(00 US
November 21 1..'. w
November "IS 7W.378
Novamlier '211 MM SI
November 14. :}46 IBS
To'*' BMoTutTS
Hoard of utility I antamere.
The naaaion of the above Bour l wu resumed yesterday at
twelve o'clock, when, after a short session, a recess waa
taken until three o'clock In the afternoon. The com
mittee on protests re a t their report on the Kilfan sod
Krear case, which waa nnbllshal In the Hcksld on
Friday. The report on the protest of peter Ullsey was
read, wblcb subsiaatlally stated that no report was necee
snry. Inasmuch as the protest was rounded on a miaappr*.
henslou of tbe law. bevrral other reports from thie
committee were read, which substantially staled
that the protesters were wrong and the Board
win right. The declaration ol the total votea
showed that Alderman Cowan and Alilerman Plunkett had
been elected Aldermen. Protests wore handed In by the
Counsel of dohn Oliver and Michael Carrol, who allege thai
they hay* been counted out. Formal resolutions as to tha
publication ot tbe canyasa were then passed.
OOWFLAO RATION AT KIT CAR80B.
Ohioaoo, HI.. Nor. >6, 1871.
A letter to the Tribune from Kit Carson, Colorado, saya
that on tbo morning of tba 17lh Instant an entire block la
that city, In which were located the Perry House, Post
odlce, stores, offices, Ac., was corunleteiy destroyed by bra.
TUu loss is about $UI0,ouu. Tbe property waa nut Insured.
VIEWS OF THE PAST.
NOV r. Mil KB 2H.
tsr>5?Kars surrrnUeroil to the ItunMunn, after
moge of utmost six mouths' duration.
1812? Uuttle or UetvHlnii commenced; the French
troops beaten by the Itiissnins.
1703?The "(ireut .storm" tn Knglnml began; to
London the damage paused t>y It waa esti
mated at ?2,000,000. Along the coast numbers
of vessels were wrecked, and their crews?
about h.ooo men?were drowned. Kdilystons
Liguthouse was overthrown.
Died.
Htkphenson.?Wii.r.tK IT. Htbfitrnbon, son ot
Rd ward ana Mary A. Stephenson, aged i years, I
months ami 25 da's.
Friends arc respectfnlly Invited to attend the fu
neral, trom 326 Km.si Twenty fourth street, on Mon
day afternoon, at one o'clock.
Wkbiikk.? on Saturday, November 26, Qiobob
Wkiiiikr. ugcO 20 years, 2 months and 10 days.
The relatives and triends are respectfully invited
to attend me funeral, from ids late residence, lit
l.agle street, (ireenpoiut, on Monday, November 27.
at two o'clock P. M.
[For of/wo- Oral/in .see Eighth Pago.]
A,?Many Persons, Ynang and Old, Throve
away a dollar on what would he called a drat claaa exhibition
or ahow, and when it It oyer they have gained nothing by It
and it la forgotten at once, but there are none who pay a ytatt
to THk ORIGINAL DOLLAR STORK, No. 867 Broadway,
ean ever forget tbe eight of tue thonaaods upon tbouaands
ot different curioaltltt both viae I ill and ornamental.
It it en exhibition they can always remember, for they ean
per tboiiaande of articles that were never before exhibited la
thia country. Then the advantage* of rlaltlng tbia Palace of
Novelties or Muaeum of Art are manifold.
1. It coat* nothing to gain admission.
2. It la a better snow or muaeum than there is tn New York
or auy place rlia.
3. You lose nothing by visiting It. only yonr lime, and
wbrn tbe place Instructs you your time is not lllspent.
4. If you ever want anything you will be coovluced It can
be pad here.
Vou do not have the occaeion to aek the price of any
thing. tor you are Informed that any of the articles are sold
Tor ft.
6. When you purchase an article you fesl contented that if
any one has the beet of the bargain that you have It.
7. You know yon cannot t>e cheated In your trade, for every
article is warranted.
5. You congratulate yourself for not walking all over town
and probably paying over ten dollars or more Tor wnat coat
yon only a dollar.
You wonuer how Ihe proprietors can poeslbly keep up
their business tor years and sell their good* at tbe apparently
10 *And you will conclude that the Ir.glituUon la of tha
greatest nenelit to tbe public, Tor It has revolutionised lh?
prune ol all manufactured articles, and that the proprietors
are worthy of the auccess awarded them, for they haveahowa
that nothing hut logamitiy, skill anu unusual bualnesa lutalll
genco must have been used to perfect and carry on Ibetr
i ?u?luces with probt to Ihemaelvea aud alto to tbe commu
nity.
A.?Merit Apprrolitled, n* Evlnrrd by thy
continued throng at KkPENtRIHKlD'8. Ilia IIATb are uni
versalis acknowledge I to excel in originality an.t elegance of
style, excellence or material, aii|ierior workmanship and
economy oi price. Oo and Judge I or youi selves, at lit) Nassau,
at reel.
A.?Herring'* I'ataat
CHAMPION SAFK.N,
ttl Broad wa/, o iraar Murray itrse
A.?I'bnloo's Vrw Frrimne*,
"I l.OVK YOU"
anil "WHITE ROBE."
A?Tiflhoy Sc Co.,
Union square,
Diamonil Merchants.
Choice Solitaire ana tnatchea Stonea of extra liaa qualRja.
A aery large aaaortinent of tnoonted and on mounted
Stonea.
A.?Klrxnnl Weildlncaail Holiday
Photo Relievos of Thorwaidsen's "Ntghi and Morning."
moat atrlklngiT beautiful and nil active pietnrea ever
Ituced. ORNAMENTAL MIRUOK CO., 3V Oey
A.?Ladle* Secret du Itnudnlr,
Poudre de Cleopatre.
Ean de Jouvence and Itelle de Null,
lor day and evening Toilet.
Marvelloualy brilliant beauliflnra.
The moat delight!nl artlclea Tor the complexion; glva tha
akin the aoftneea and beauty of youth without Injury. Snan
plea I ree.
Ladle* attending the Grand Duke receptions and bedn
abould not fail to uae tha
Belle de Suit,
being expreaaly adapted for evening toilet, giving the bloadd
ami brunette a lovely, freah glow and surpassing beauty, not
lading or rubbing off, ana not poaaibly detected.
Sold and applied at the reception rooma, 763 Broadway.
Mam. A. DUVAL.
At Flemlna'*, Farrier.?Slink Seta, fMt An
trakan $12; Alaska, $12; Black Martin Seta, $28; Children's,
$1 on to $5 Children's Fur and Fur Trimmed Cap*. 146 Ful
tou street. _____
A.?For Cnatnin Work, fleet Material, On
to CHARLES FRANKS' Boot and Shoe store, U Naaaau
street. Established 1641.
A.? Napoleon's Cnhtoet
CHAMPAGNE,
the wine usad nl the reception of Prince Alexin, at Dalmnnse
co'a, and nil Aral claaa restaurants.
A Floe Assortment mf Second Hand
UK A.N I) SUC'AKK AND UPRIGHT PIANOS,
OP iTEINWAT A SONS' MAKE,
for sale cheap. Alao a number Of Plan-* of other makvpa
at HTKINWAT A SONS', steioway Hall, 100 and 111 bant
Fourteenth street. New York.
Rtelawav A seas'
GRAND SQUARE AND UPRIGHT PIANOS.
Old Pianos taken in exchange. Illustrated catalogunknanh
tree un applicatlno.
Warerooms Steinway llall, UM and 111 East PonrRMlk
street. New York.
A.?I Moat Heartily Keromairad Watt's
NERVOUS ANTIDOTE aa a moat valuable mtflglat ta
cases of approechlna Paralysis, severe Neuralgia a*d other.
Nervous Diaeaaa*.
S. M. MALLORY. M. D., 461 Fourth xaaaaa.
('riatndoro'a Hair I>yo baa mm Kraal, la tha
world, Itka tha aateat aaAnsnat ratlabU of aay. raid every
where.
Chevalier's Life for the Hair Reatar?.
grav hair. stops the t a'Jng out. Increases its grwAk; racotxa,
mended brvhyatclana.
Drankeaaoaa or Opinat Habit Cared by Dr.
BEEBS. 107 Fourth aseaua. Call or sand stamp for evidence
(loan van's Ladles' and t>ontloaaea'e Laaah
an Dtv.lng Rooms. Table d'hote and private dinners. No.
S LaaCiwrlltb street, near Fifth avenue.
Fwr Diamonds, Watches and Jewelry, Ra Ha
UeO'KGK C. ALLEN. Ml Broadway, near FourtaenUhstrast.'
r.lgrht and Faded Mink and Hablo Farm.
dal kraed color, natural and periuanent.
WILLIAMS, 134 Puliou street, Brooklyn.
Maet aad C kaadon
CHAMPAGNES,
Of the famous vintage of IMS, now on safe with all Ink
class Wine Dealers la this city.
ANTHONY OECHS,
Sole Agent lor the Unite,! States.
N?w Tons, Nov. U, 1871.
zanders', Mm. 7 Aator llmiae, baa a Great
variety of fine imported Pocket Knives, Sporting Combine
Hon and Sciaaor Knives, Honrs and Scissors single or la
esses i, fable and oibsr i uOsrv. also Toilet Artidsa.
B. A U. F. SAUNDUBS.
The YTIIamn shuttle Newiag Marhiae?The
best end cheapest #rst claaa mach.uea in the world, prion,
from $46 to $W0, easy pa*meuu.. SQearoout W7 Broadway.
I'dolmbo IV file's strhrldtns Aroaaatim
?CHNArl'8 Among the complaints for which U?A
BlilNAPPb has keen declare.! a speeilic be tue eminent
Shvsirisns who have uorrcapon le 1 with the OTO( "etor ar*
rupsy, dyspepsia, debility consequent upou long-coat I a tail
?tckuess and old age, eu|.*v*y, aaibiua. gruse., colic, alleo
tlons of the Sidneys, and ell chronic diseases. For these ami
manv otner disorders it Is now prescribed, with great sim>
cess by more than three thouaoud ssstifsal prkcWOUers 1$
venous ports of the Vnitad slat en