TUTU PRESS.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1871.
CITY AND VICINITY
N.«r AJrcrUaemeuiM X*-Da;.
auction column.
Cariiage?... .Henry Taylor Co.
House on Green sfc. ...F. O. Bailey Co.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN,
Millinery.... W. L. Snell.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Hall to Let.,..Gao. K. Davis Co.
Hotel to Let—L. B. F Zitkov,
For Savannah....Kyan Kelsey.
Wanted... .Lobenstein.
Cook Wanted.,.. Francis Fessenden.
Apples, Butter, <Scc... .Cyrus Greene.
Winter Opening.., .Mrs Cushman.
Dissolution... .A. M. Coker Co.
Instruments. ...John C Haynes Co.
Removal.,, .L. C. Briggs Co.
Notice... .David Wyman.
Pig Found ...J Pollard.
Trees. &c,.... W. C. Strong Co.
Lost or Stolen... .Note....Wm. Newcomb.
Attention... .N Tarbox.
Stores to Let....Mrs. E. H. Thompson.
Rnpreme Judicial f'onrl.
BEFORE JUDGE TAPLEY.
Wednesday—la the case of Andrew D. Max field
vs. Town of Windham, an action to recover lor in
juries from an alleged defect In the highway, a ques
tion o! law was raised by defendant, and the case
goes to the Law Court. The amount claimed was
910,000.
8trout Gage. Howard Cleaves.
Louis C. Cross vs. Amelia Cross. Libel t r divorce.
Cau«e, desertion and general cus e l ness. Divorce
decreed.
Swasey Son.
In the case of Hossack and wife vs. Inhabitants of
Cape Elizabeth, the jury retired to their room about
half past 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and this
morning at 9 o'clock came in lor instructions. They
then again retired, but shortly reported that an
agreement was impossible. They were equally divid
ed.
Carleton. Howard Ss Cleaves.
Rands.
Municipal (Court,
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Wednesday—Kate McNulty, for larceny of wear
ug apparel, was sent to jail tor 30 days.
Patrick Connors,for drunkenness and dHturbanoe,
was fined $3 and costs.
nniii joiiiu^h.
Ileniy M. Brackett, well kuown as tbe laud
lord of one of the summer hotels on Peak’s Is
land, died yesterday after a short illness.
We are glad to learu that IT. S. Marshall
Marble is improving sod is able to sit up a
little.
Frederick Fox, Esq., has resigned bis place
as oue of the Trustees of Evergreen Cemetery,
for tbe reason that the duties require more of
his time than he can afford to give. Mr. Fox
has done the city and the lot owners a great
service. Under bis superintendence the Cem
etery has been put in better condition than
ever before, and it never war so elegant and
attractive as now.
The real estate No. 8 Dow street, belonging
to tbe estate of the late Belief C. Horton, was
sold at auction yesterday by Messrs. F. O.
Bailey Co., to Edwin Coburn, for $1528.
Bemember tbe concert of tbe Army and
Navy course at City Hall to-night. Book at
the attractions.
Owing to the unpleasant weather yesterday,
Mrs Powle postponed her opening of millin
ery etc., until this morning.
Messrs. Isaiah Frye Son are balding a
ne w plow factory at the foot of Green St.
Mr. Alyin A. Dennett is to be Deputy Cletk
of Courts, vice William K. Neal elected Begis
ter of Probate.
About $200,000 were received at the Cily
Treasurer’s office for taxes ou Satuiday, Mon
day and Tuesday.
Wuitiiers’ appeal for vegetables for tbe wes
tern suffarres brought io 23 barrels between 9
o’clk in the morniug and noon, which indicates
that his pledge of fifty barrels by Saturday
morning will be discharged. This is a good
oluuce for tbe farmers of the vicinity to help.
A grand wedding party came off on Tuesday
of this week, at the bouse of the bride’s father
at Morrill’s Comer, on the occasion of the mar
riage of Charles E. Morrill, Esq, and Miss
Addie, daughter of Dr. E. Stoue of Morrill’s
Corner.
A rumor was pn va’eDt yesterday that O’Neil
Bobinson, the forger, bad been arrested at
Key West by Deputy Marshal Sterling aDd is
now on bis way to New York by steamer Gal
veston; but the report is not confirmed by an
Inquiring at tbe police rtalion.
Ladies' Relief Aueciatiea.
REPORT Or TBE SECRETARY.
A meeting of the ladies of tbe several par
ishes in the city, in aid of the sufferers by the
Lte fires in Chicago, Michigan and Wisconsin,
eras held at the Common Council room Oct.
10 h, 1871. It was then voted that this body
ot 1 slies iorm themselves -into an association
toie called the “Ladies’Belief Association,"
which shall he continuous, and may,in any
X'gency, be called together after this present
wuik shall bave been accomplished.
Officers were theo elected, aud committees
chosen; and it was voted that all contributions
not especially marked for Chicago should be
sent to Wisconsin and Michigan. It was vot
ed, also, that the purchasing committee solicit
money aDd material lor this work until Thurs
day, Oct. 19ih; then adjourned to that date.
Met in accordance with the adjournment,
and although much work had been already pre
prepared, tbe Hall was so crowded with own
ers of warm hearts and ready fingers that the
Iadie9 were unable to supply the demand for
that day. At a meeting called by the Presi
dent that evening it was voted to meet every
day, aud give out work while the demand ex
isted. Money and material came in profusely,
aud courage and strength equalled tbe emer
gency.
On Friday Oct. 20th, Mr. George W. Whit
tier commenced to give his aid by having
work sent to his place of business, and there
giving it out so that there were two depots
irom which work was constantly given uut
and received. As the ladies at tbe Hall could
not supply Mr. Whittier’s calls tor work with
their own, be found ladies outBide of tbe Belief
Association who did nobly in this woik of lore
and aided very materially.
October 20th, it was voted to receive from
Mr. Samuel E. Spring five buudiel (500) dol
lars which he had collected for tbe sufferers,
<o he expended for material and clothing, a«
lie ladieB thought proper; on Thursday 26tb,
two hundred and seventeen (217) dollars more
m re udded for the same purpose. These large
sums enabled tbe ladies to purchase much
warm aud valuable bedding as well as clothing,
so that at tbe end ol ten days they had packed
eighteen (18) large boxes valued at five thou
sand (5000) dollars. In packing these boxes a
list ol all the artistes was put into each box
and a valuation a'terward made of each arti
c One large, valuable box was sent to Bev,
ltoberl Collyer of Chicago to be disposed of by
lum among the sufferers; a box was also sent
to Mr. Ulward Barbour aud Mr. George Pay
*10, the being former residents ot Portland and
sufferers by the fire. Tbe remaining boxes
were divided between Michigan and Wiscon
sin.
There were cut and made during this time
1785 garments, besides overlooking and repair
ing many ot tbe second band garments sent in
to be packed. Thirteen large comforters were
also made at the Hall.
On Saturday, Oct. 28th, the ladies adjourned
to meet at tbe Common Council rooms on
Monday the 30th to close up their work tor the
Western sufferers. Tbey met in accordance
wiili the adjournment, and was called to order
bj lie President, and the reports of the Secre
tary aDd Treasurer wore read and accepted.
Tbe ladies would return thanks to all those
who bave in aDy way aided them in tbeir
wurk, particularly to the dry goods merchants
who have sent in material so liberally, also to
tbe shoe and to the hat dealers, and to Mr. J.
T. Lewis who gave through this Association
one hundred and one dollars worth of men’s
wiariug apparel, and to Payson Tucker, Esq,
ageotol the Boston aod Maine railroad lor his
kindness in forwarding free over that road, tbe
cases oi goods sent Tbe ladies wish also to re
turn thanks to the newspapers which have in
serted all their notices grafts. Many thanks
are also due to those who reudered so much
assistance with sewing machines, not only
sending tbeir machines, but coming to work
them themselves.
A vote was passed by the ladies that this
Association shall not he disorganized bat will
ever be ready at the call of the Mayor for any
aid thev can render. Per Order.
'Mic.I.nle Pair.
The committee connected with the Horticul
tural Department of the late Fair on ornamen
tal grounds, gardens, graperies, and green
houses, make the following awards:—
To Geo. W. Woodman, Esq., for the beatcul
tivated ..and well-kept grounds and garden
through-ihe season, including a superior bed
of strawberries, premium of $10.
To T. C. Hersey. Esq., for the next best, pre
mium of $6.
Tofl. P. Storer, Esq., for well cultivated
aud neatly kept fruit garden, piemium of $G
To James Freeman, E»q., for well managed
aud neatly kept Burburban fruit and vegetable
garden, gratuity of $5.
To J. W. Munger, Esq for well kept and
•well cultivated suburban fruit and vegetable
Suspicion or Larceny.—Officers Qribben
.and Smith Wednesday morning arrested a man
■by the name of James McLaughlin, tor steal
ing a watch, $10 in money aud a truuk full 0:
clothing fiom the cabin of tbe schooner Con
neeticut, Capt. Elwelh McLaughlin came oi
board, and pretending that he wanted to taki
passage ou the vessel, went below. Alter b
left, the property was missing. When arrest
ed he wa3 thoroughly searched, but nothin
was found on his person. He has already serv
ed out one State Prison sentence.
I Mercantile l ibrary Association.
The second lecture of the Mercantile Libra
rv Association course was delivered last ev-u
ug by M. Athanase Coquerel, the eioqueni
I arisian preacher, editor and philanthropist,
the subject, The Two Sieges of Paris. Tbt
hall was well filled and upon the platform were
a large number of distinguished citizens. Be'
lore the speaker ascended the platform tbe
baud played the Marseillaise, and when M.
Coquerel appeared he was greeted wilh enthu
siastic applanse. Iu opening, lire leclure.r re
marked that since he bad been in ibis couutry
he had observed that the sympathy lor France
and Germany had been about equally dividrd
But there are some things that need explana
tion. It has been asserted ibat in the late war
France was the aggressor, aod that she has
licen justly punished. This is not true. It was
against the will of our people to go into this
war. As an illustration, he related that he
was invited to lecture iu Paris before the
schools. He had no subject selected, and a
friend suggested War. The hall was filled
with working men and their families, and he
spoke strongly agaiust war, and so great was
the desire lor a peace demonstration that he
was obliged to slip out by a side door, and it
was with difficulty that a similar exhibition in
the streets was prevented. I know, he said
that Germany did not desire war more than
the French, I was in Germany when Uoben
zollcrn refused the crown of Spain, and the
people were universally glad when peace seem
ed certain; but next day wheu the news came
ot tlio declaration of war the nation rose as
one man to tesent the insult. There were two
parties lo the crime—the Emperor of France
and tbe King of Prussia. You people of Amer
ica are fortunate that you have no Emperor to
make you pay great costs for war; but you do
not know your blessings. He would not speak
too harshly of the Emperor because he was
down now. but he could not speak of him im
partially. He had opposed him lor twenty
years and knew the weight of his burden. The
King of Prussia waDted war to promote Ger
man unity, but Germany has now as a master
the leader oi an aristocratic clique, and the
Germany of thinkers and poets is governed by
a man who bated one thing more than Frauce,
and that was liberty. It was said that France
was a natiou of pleasure-seekers, and could
not resist. Those who lived for pleasure alone
fled aod the patriotic of the people remaiued
and suffered a id died. Alpbunzo Karr said
that if ever Paris was besieged she would resist
until strawberries gave out; but Paris bad de
monstrated tbe contrary. When the gates
were shut she became no more the same place
but was turned into a great armorers’ shop,and
was dumb iu its decision to suffer. Tbe first
thing was to strengthen its fortifications,
“and then we began to feel what it was lo be
shut, out from the world.” I cannot make you
understand, he said, what it is to be shut out
five months from friends and letters and news
papers when your country is iu danger. He
described the altered appearance of the streets
at once after the Prussians had invested the
city. Ko carriages; soldiers drilling iu the
streets and squares with sticks instead of mus
kets; noblemen of historic name handling their
mimic gun beside the commonest; shops were
shut; all trade died away; all ordinary move
ments expired. Gas failed. A few lamps with
poor oil iu them east a dim ligbr. There weie,
constantly, immense reunions of dud, called
together by all motives. A director ol ooe of
tile's"reneb railways, shut up in the city, wrote
regularly twice a wepk to his wile all through
the siege. When be got out he found she bad
been dead four months. There were no vege
tables. A girl 14 years of age, who went out
side the walls to gather some greeu stuff in tbe
open fields for her mother and sisters was slain
by a Prussian bullet. Our food was horse
flush—a piece as big as my four fingers for a
larnily of four persons for three days. The
bread was experimental—never alike two days;
sometimes mixed with hay or straw, sometimts
wilh beans and rice. Tbe bad quality of food
was tbe cause of deaths. There was no fuel.
Parents burned their furniture, everything ex
cept their beds to save tbe lives of their in
lauts: and the deaths of children were enor
mous iu number. There were also two epi
ucuiibo—ouiaii auu luunudui \Ji3UaMJs
among tbo wounded.
Tbe Germans did wrong to bombard. Paris.
They meant to show that they were practical
aud did not care for the world’s opinion; but
l lie shells made the Parisians more stubborn
tbau ever. They surrendered when there was
no bread; when the stores were used up. The
speaker related a number of stories, amusing
and pathetic, to illustrate the fortitude with
which the people faced the danger, aud refer
red with culiing satire to tbe priuted remark of
Bismarck that Paris surrendered at the “psy
cological moment,” During the bombardment
a little band ot tbe most eminent scientific
men of France attended the obsequies of M. Da
Mery, which were hold in Pere La Chaise.
From that commanding entrance, from which
M. Coquerel had also climbed, they could see
the fires in the great town spread out at their
feet aud hear the booming of tbe cannon.—
There one of the noted men read a review of
the works of tbe deceased, and there was some
thing appalling and sublime to him in the de
votion to science ot this little band, quietly
assembled there, while below others were de
stroying each other with diabolical energy.
M. Coquerel then proceeded to explain the
terms Commune and Communioo; tbe latter
is the old system of socialism, which believes
that all thiogs must be in common. Com
munes are townships, with magistrates and
elective councils. The Communists wanted a
town council in Paris and were right. In tbe
twenty jears reign of Napoleon III., the town
council had been nominated by the Emperor
and governed by Haussman, whose policy was
to make Paris a city of pleasure for strangers
and drive the working men into the suburbs.
It was Communism that precipitated the revo
lution of 1798. The speaker defined the Inter
national Society, and approved one ol their
cardinal principles that the people of all na
tions are one, and deprecated war; hut they
took a singular method to express it. They
destroyed the Column Vendouie at the precise
moment the Prussians were entering Paris,
because it represented war and conquest. But
the Column was the representative of an idea,
and we always make mistakes when we de
stroy the symbols of ideas. One ieason for tbe
failure of France was the insincerity of her
Generals and the want of confidence in them
by the National Guards. The soldiers were
uot cowards. They did not understand the
principles underlying the national action, and
were undisciplined. They were lull of pluck.
M. Coquerel proceeded to explaiu the position
of the National Assembly, and its faults. It
was made up of incongruous elcmeuts, and
the result was confusion at,d disorder and vio
lence. During the reign of the Commune there
was political crime, hut also less violence ol
privaie rights than at auy other time since the
fall of the Empire. Their motive, however,
was to destroy Paris rather than surrender to
the Prussians. In conclusion, he said there
are men in all countries who desire liberty hut
do not understand it; who would scorn a dis
reptuable act but will commit political crimes
in a time of frenzy. There are many souls in
France who are thirsty for religion. They sea
atheism all around them—atheism that denies
the existence ot a God. Thvy look to America
for a pattern. They know your liberties come
out of political liberty and a free gospel; and
this is what I, in my bumble way, am teaching
to my school ot children—children bereft of
parents and lriends by the war. France is
poor, and I have come to this country to gain
means and knowledge that I may better suc
ceed in my work.
A Portland Man in Trouble.—An officer
of tbe United States steamer Johnson writes
to tbe Transcript as follows, under date of Mil
waukee, Wis., Oct. 26th:
Editor Transrript: As your paper has a large
local circulation, and as the person whose mel
ancholy history 1 relate below hails from your
city, his condition may attract the notice ot
bis friends, it ha have any. His name is Paul
Kingsley, a carpenter by trade, age filty, and
he served in the army during tbe war. Not
very long ago he lost his eldest daughter, a girl
of 1G, who was murdered after being outraged;
that, with other circumstances, decided him to
enter the United States, and be accordingly
embarked with his remaining familp on board
the barque H. C. Winslow, at Collius Inlet,
Georgian Itay, Lake Huron, a Canadian port.
The vessel m; capsized in the gale of the 14th
and 15th, and he was tbe only one of his fami
ly who was saved; his wife and two daughters
(ages 15 and 13) were drowned. What became
of the bodiis is not kDown; whether they float
ed out of the vessel, or were destroyed by the
floating lumior. To add te these calamities
tbe unhappy man yesterday went insane and
is now in cliarge ol the police in this city, who
propose, I u uderstand, to send hi m to an insane
asylum. __
Storm Signal.—Yesterday the new signal,
notitying tbe approach of a storm, was hoisted
over the government weather elaiion, in obe
dience to orders from Washington. Tbo signal
is a red penant by day and a red lantern by
night. It is intended that on the approach ol
a storm with wind at a velocity of 10 miles per
hour and upwards, the signal is to ho display
ed, and remain up eight hours unless a change
takes place tor the better in the meantime.
Yesterday afternoon the current of air at Port
land was 15; at Boston 17; increasing in veloc
ity at New Ljudoo; and still greater at the
White Mountains. The value of the storm
signal will be app-eciated by the public, as it
perfects the system.
For Wisconsin.—The ladies of Woodfoid’s
Corner sent three boxes of clothing yesterday
morning to West Pensaukie. Five dollars
was received from the Itev. E. P. Thwing for
the same purpose.
We notice a full lithograph of Mrs. Anna
Granger Dow, who sings at the Germania con
cert this evening, at C. W. Gilkey Co.’s.
That humbug, Fisk, jr., baviug been out of
the papers since hi9 ludicrous and cowardly
12th of July performance, gets in again by vir
tue of being formally arrested Tuesday night
on the suit of Josephine Mansfield on a civil
action to recover $50,000, which she alleges she
Irv.ned him aud which was used but failed to
be accounted for. He gave bail in $23000. A
letter from Mrs, Mansfield to Fisk, upbraiding
him for nerfidy to ber and saying it is a sbame
to oompeTSSr who grew up with him from noth
Me now great Erie imprisario to yindt
cate herself in court, is made public, bhe re
fers to Ms scheme revealed to her a few years
,„oo? stealing the Erie books, to staying with
Mm in Jersey City, and to how when be ww
buying the New'York Legislature he said be
must reside in either a Fisk palace in Aon
York or a stone place at Sing Slug,<J
her if it was the latter to take a cottage oufs.dt
tbe prison. She is willing to have affairs arbi
trated by William M. Evarts, but says nii
power over the courts is still supreme, ant
Tammany still able to protect him.
Marshfield, Missouri, Saturday, Wm.
Davenport, Matthew and James Heffmai
j J murdered two teamsters named Chamberlaii
I aud tvbambers. Davenport and Matthew Hoff
l ™aD-^ere arrested. Davenport was an ex
Items.
The Commercial Advertiser says it will hi
surprised if the Demociat>c State ticket poll
over 70,000 votes or the Republicans less that
45,000 next Tuesday in New York city. Las
year Woodford, Republican, received 33,567
and Hoffmau, Democrat, 85,980.
A Leavenworth editor bas a subliim ly origi
nal idea of combining the beautiful with th<
practical. For urging enlistments for a Kan'
sas tegiment to fight the Indians he says: “Th*
service will last for three nr four months only
aod will he a source of health, pleasure and
profit to all who eulist.”
Connecticut eats turkey the 30tb, and Gov
'Hoffman concludes that one day will be suffi
cient for the Empire State, and changes to the
National day.
The Governors ol nearly all the provinces ol
Mexico are in sympathy with the Juarez gov
eminent, and promise to aid in putting down
the rebels.
Rev. Mr. Moody ot Chicago, says that city
was burned because it was so wicked. The
Post rejoins that that theory can hardly stand
since nearly all the churches were burned and
a majority of the roughs and prostitutes es
caped.
For the week ending Oct. 28:h there were
245 deaths in sixteen cities and towns in Mas
sachusetts, of which 47 were caused by con
sumption, 12 by pneumonia, and 8 each of ty
phoid and scarlet fever.
The Traveller says a buckskin colored horse,
which was used by Gen. Logan as a saddle
horse during the war, is now owned by the
Metropolitan Railway Company, and makes
five trips daily on the Louox street line—work
ing tcur hours. Such is life, horse life in par
ticular.
The Democratic State Committee of New
York, led by Tildeu, has published an address
to the voters, denouncing tbs local corruption
in general terms and federal usurpation more
strongly. It suggests the passing by the State
Legislature ot a constitutional amendment
making the giving or receiving of a bribe a
ground of challenge to an elector and a dis
qualification to vote.
Rev. John Weiss says our churches have too
much the character of soup-kitchens of senti
ment, which evaporates before the parishioners
get home. Perhaps the Rev. John has not
been appreciated.
James McCosh, a Scotchman, was brought
to Cincinnati when an infant, in 1795, and saw
that city grow from a forest until it had 275,000
inhabitants. The old man died last week.
WestnD, the waikist, is going to settle down
in Iowa, and a newspaper in that region very
kindly hopes it will be six feet under gronnd.
President Grant doubtless feels badly for he
must have read the following in the Lynch
burg, Virginian, referring to the Thanksgiving
proclamation: “As for us, we will neither pub
lish the forthcoming proclamation nor treat it
with ai y consideration alter it shall have been
ISSUUU
Wilson’s saw mill at Higsbire, Pa., was
burned Wednesday. Loss $15,000.
The exports from New York for the week
ending Tuesday amount to $4,918,236.
The President and Secretary of War are now
engaged in re-arrangiug the military depart
ments of the country, and an order will be is
sued in a day or two making a complete
change iu the geographical limits of some of
the departments thereof.
About oue hundred persons have been in
dicted for dealing in lottery tickets in San
Francisco.
The boiler ct Calverton’s sugar refinery in
New York, exploded Wednesday morning kill
ing a man named Snyder and badly scalding a
number of others.
There were seventeen proposals for bonds
Wednesday, amounting to $3,095,800 from 111.
18 to 112. One million will probably go at
111.18 to 111.45.
It is announced that the N. H., Democratic
Convention will come off Dec. 13th, in Con
cord. The Labor Reformers iu the same place
Dec. 7th.
Indian Commissioner Lang states that a
few thousand dollars will feed the Indians and
keep them quiet, while it will take millions to
fight them, and a lew years of peaceful policy
will settle all Ind an difficulties.
At Loekport, N, Y., the jury in the murder
trial ol E 6'. Pierce, rendered a verdict oi not
guilty. Pierce shot a man named Bullock for
seducing his sister. There was great applause
iu the court by the spectators at the verdict.
Gnstavus Kuster of Yonkers, was found ou
the track of the Hudson River railroad, New
York, Wednesday morning, with a pistol shot
wound in his breast. He said he was wounded
and robbed by highwaymen.
Gov. Randolph of New Jersey, declines ans
wering the subpoenas from the Court of Cbau
cery, in a case in which a railroad monopoly is
interested, as the question involves his gub
ernatorial right to refuse signing bills.
The Supreme Court of the District of Co
lumbia has made up its mind, it seems, that
male citizens only have the right to vote, and
will hold, in an opinion to he delivered in a
few days, that this is equivalent to an express
limitation to the r;ght of males, and the exclu
sion of women. The Court,it is reported, will
however, decide that there is nothing in the
Constitution of the United States to prevent
Legislatures conferring the voiiug suffrage on
women.
The society writer in the New York Even
ing Mail says: “Positive colors are no longer
woro oo ihe street by our belles. Rustling
silks of every shade of browu and curious grays
and greens, give the avenue on Sunday the
appearance of a path through seme great for
vow iu iaic nuvuuiu.
1 .niSCEIXANEOtS NOTICKS.
Try the Elmwood Cloth Face Collar, the
best yet, Oriu Hav.krs Co., 292 Congress
street, have them. ocl30-lw
OurSI.OO kid glpves are of a very superior
quali y. Cogia Hassan, 129 Middle street.
Halford Leicestershire Tabie Sauce, the
best article for use.
The most cerop'ete stock of millinery at Co
gia Hassan’r, 129 Middle street.
Men’s and Boys’ Shirts aud Drawers for
sale by Orin Hawkes Co., 292 Congress St.
Pocket Books lrtm 20 cents to 32, at Cogia
Hassan’s, 13!) Middle street.
Hotels are either overgrowu uulsauces, or
else large families where every wish is grati
fied by accommodations which a similar men
age could ill support. The Messrs. Kice, of
the American House, Boston, keep (his fact
constantly in view, and their hotel constantly
increases in public favor.
Twenty per cent, saved by buying millinery
at Cogia Hassan’s, 129 Middle street.
Every one that have put in the cement lined
pipe from C. M. H. T. Plummer, Un'on St.,
like it as they have no rust Etains and are not
atraid of being poisoned by galvenized Iron or
Lead. oct31-lw
TnE best place to buy jewelry is at Cogia
Hassan’s, 126 Middle street.
Horse Clippies.—Any person wishing their
horse clipped by tbs new machine, which does
the work in two bour3, will please send their
address to Box 1873 P. O. “First come, first
served.” 30 3t
xjihen xiauuKercuieia wuu imuais utauii
fall; stamped in b'aok, from 10 to 30 cents each.
CogiaHassan, 129 Middle street.
HorsE Clipping with the American Horse
Clipping Machine, the greatest novelty of the
age, may seeu in operation at the office ot the
company, 07 Federal street. The public are
invited to attend.
We bavj just received a number ol new and
beautiful paitorna iu plated ware. Please re
member that every article is warranted to give
sati.-faet'on. Yours affectionately,
Cogia Has?an,129 Middle street.
To the Trade!—F. O. Bailey Co. will selj
this day at 2.30 o’clock, at salesroom, 18 Ex
change street, a large assortment ol crockery
ware. See auction column.
Hill’s Manioca.—The Great East Indian
Delicacy. Puddings, Jellies, Blanc-Mange,
Creams, Griddle Cakes, &c., wheD made from
Manioca are so delicious that one trial secures
it a warm welcome to every table. It is the
most nutritious vegetable production yet dis
covered; one package makes six puddings, for
an ordinary-sized family. Sold by all grocers.
Prepared only, by Mainoca Co., 287 Washing
ington St., New York. .octl6-ood8t
Ladies will find everything desirable in mil
linery at Cogia Hassan’s, 129 Middle street.
Best stock of Boy’s Clothing in the city it
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle street. Corns
early and avoid the rush Saturday evening.
It is said that if a puff of air were to b<
blown into a vein of ananimal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circnlation woulo
he stopped. The blood makes the entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven minutes
and whenever this circulation is impeded oi
any of its channels are clogged by impuritiei
which ought to be carried off, disease lollows
fever ora disease oi liver or kidueys.or scrofula
or dvspepsia. To get at and remove the sourei
of the difficulty use the old and infallibli
blood purifier, Dr. Walker’s Californl
Vinegar Bitters._ octl8th-4w
Get Briggs’ Corn aed Buniou Remedie
Briggs' Pile Remedies are a sucoese.
Briggs’Allavantor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs’ Throat and Lung Healer.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
b' O K hi 1 G X
FRANCE.
President Thiers’ Ultimatum.
Pabis, Oct. 31.—The following is the ulti
mainm lately despatched by President Thiers
to the British government as the only basis on
whied France will agree to a renewal of the
Commercial Treaty with England.
1st, That iron and coal be admitted at the
present duty: 2d, That all cotton fabrics, raw
cotton and fiaz be subjected to an additio»al
impost of 20 per cent.; 3d, That spirits and
beer be also henceforth subjected to an addi
lior al impost of 20 per cent.
Those President Thiers submits as the only
terms on which France will become a party to
the treaty, and he also announces that no pro
posals for a modification will be entertained.
AUSTRIA.
The Austrian Cabinet.
Vienna, Nov. 1.—Baron Holzegetban hav
ing declined, the Emperor invited Baron Kel
lepsperg, lormerly Governor of Bohemia, to
form the cabinet.
GREAT BRITAIN.
The English Relief Fund.
London, Nov. 1.—The collections at the
Mansion House for the relief of the Chicago
sufferers last evening reached £45.000. Long
ton in Lancashire has given £1.000.
News from Ibe English Papers.
New York, Nov. 1.—The English journals
received to-day contain disavowals on the part
of Sir Stafford Northoote, Marquis of Lome,
Duke of Richmond, Earl Derby, Earl Cama
von, Lord Leuuoz and Gothine of any con
nection with the new social movements.
Paul DeCassagnac, a Bonapartist, will, it is
said, resume the direction of the Paris Pays.
Millard, the founder of the Petit Journal
which attained an enormous circulation under
the Empire, is dead.
-tne yueen ot Belgium refuses to pay ner
dress-makers’ bill of 07,000 fiancsou the ground
of exorbitancy.
Napoleon expresses the conviction that an
alliauce between England, Prance and Russia
will become imperative.
A Greek pirate has captured many mer
chantmen in the Archipelago.
The hearing in|the|Tichbourno case will be
resumed Nor. 7th.
It is definitely stated that the Mordaunt ease
will be retired.
The German government will shortly intro
duce conscriptioninto Alsace.
The new Costa Rica loan ol £500.000 sterling
has been introduced in London at seventy-four
per cent.
MEXICO.
The Condition of Mexico.
Matahobas, Oct. 29.—A courier from Tam
pico to-day brings news from the eapitol to the
23J. 411 is quiet. Diaz was not in the field.
Nearly ail the governors of the States had sent
congratulations to Juarez and offered their ser
vices to suppress the Monterey Pronunciamen
to. The Juarezists deny the report of capitula
tion of Satillo. The revolutionists hold all the
avenues of communication between the border
and Monterey.
DOtlllViON OF CANADA.
Fire.
Ottawa, Nov. 1.— Skead’s lumber mill near
here, with halt a million feet of lumber was
burned to-day. Loss $40,000; insured for $20,
000, including $40C0 each in Aetna and Hart
ford.
CENTRAL AMERICA.
Various Matins.
Two departments of Guatemala have de
clared the State in siege. The rebels had been
three times defeated.
Honduras demands of Nicaragua the remov
al of certain refugees from the frontier. Sal
vador had sent troops to aid Honduras to qnell
the Indian revolt.
The Columbian government was thanked by
the United States Minister for undertaking to
protect the steamer Virginius.
SOUTH AMERICA.
Bolivian News.
There is a ministerial crisis in Boliviain con
sequence of the congressional rejection of the
bill providing tor a federal constitution, and
the government will probably remove to La
Pasee.
RUSSIA.
Mr. Cataizy.
Sr. Petebsbcbg, Nov. 1.—The Journal De
St. Petersburg referring lo the ease of th« Rus
sian Minister at Washington, denies that Cat
aezy was told that iie could not stay at Wash
ington after the visit of Alexis, and says that
Mr. Curtin, the American .Minister, has never
informed the government hero that the Ameri
can government tlire-alcteJ to scud the Rus
sian Minister liis passports.
Foreign Items.
The Haytieu authorities are endeavoring to
evade the payment of claims aiising from their
transactions during the levolution.
A Kingston, Jamaica, despatch says the
British mail steamer Venezuela took fire near
the harbor of Santo Martha and was so dam
aged that ten days will he required lor her re
pair.
San Jose Lamboyeque, Pern, will cease to be
a port of entry March 1st, Eten, twelvemiies
d slant, being substituted.
Change in Army JDrpiii’tuients.
Washington, Nov. 1—a War Department
order transfers North Caiolina to the Depart
ment of the South. The Indian territory is
annexed to the Department ot Texas, to he
commaDded by Gen. Augur, and that Depart
ment is added to the military division of
Missouri. The Department of the Platte is dis
continued and its territory embraced in the
Department of Missouri.
Cul Reynolds, with the 3rd cavalry, is order
ed to Fort McPherson, Nebraska.
The States of Louisiana, Arkaneas, and
Mississippi and Key West, will constitute the
Department of the Gulf, commanded by Uol.
Emery of the 5th cavalry, who will report to
Geo. Hallech, Commander of the military Di
vision ot the South.
The 5th cavalry is ordered to Arizona, re
lieving the 3d cavalry.
The Route to Ihe North Pole.
A telegram dated Oct. 3d, 1871, which au
nouDoes the return of Capf. Weyprccht aud
Layer, of the Austrian army, slates that in
September an open sea was tound Irom 42 de
grees to 60 degrees east of Greenwich to Ihe
northward of 78degrees north latitude. Tie
northermost point reached was 79 degrees
north on meiidan, 48 degrees east. Here was
found the most favorable state of ice, towarja
the North Pole with a possible connection with
the open sea north of Siberia towards the east.
This appears to be the most fayoteble route to
wards the North Pole.
Dr. Peterman remarks in the last part cl the
telegrams “I cannot understand but bays
reason to assume that Coorl land which was
discovered last year by Count Zeil aud Theo
dore Von Henghir, extends southward to 78
degrees 12 minutes north.”
The expedition was made in small sailing
vessels aud at the expense of the officers.
Various Matters.
The United States steamer Saco has been or
dered from the European fleet via the Suez
Canal.
The Richmond arrived at Philadelphia to»
day.
Maj. Potter has been assigned Chief Quar
termaster to the Department of the Labes.
Lieut. Frederick Grant accompaniesjGeceral
Sherman in his tour ot military inspection to
Europe.
Three Per Cents Culled in.
The Secretary of Treasury has called in an
other million and a half of 3 tier ce&ts. as fol
lows: Denomination of $1,000 from No. 2567
to 2818 and also denomination of $10,000 from
3567 to to 2833. The interest is to cease Decem
ber 31st,
dntcrunl Revenue in Japan.
Gen. George B. Williams of Indiana, bas
formally concluded ao engagement with Mori,
ibe Japanese miuister, aud will go to that
country to organize an internal revenue sys
tem. Williams is now Second Depuiy Com
missioner of internal revenue here.
Patent Extended.
Commissioner Legett has granted an exten
sion ot patent of Richard M. Hooe.lor his
mode of operating fly Ians ofprinting presses
The Ku'Kiax Prisoners.
It is ascertained from a high official source
that the leaders and prominent men connected
with Ku-Klux now in Jail in South Carolina,
will he retained till trial. Other prisoners ot
less consequence will be released on bail.
Registration of Ihe lJistiict.
The registration of the voters of the District
of Columbia shows 7,692 whites and 6,180
colored. The number will he largely increas
ed by a correct census and additions.
The movement for the removal of Col. liobb,
Collector at Savannah, was deleated. Robb
started home with an official assurance that he
would not be removed.
rnc CiTil sen Icc Commission.
Geo. William Curtis, chairman of the Civil
Service Commission, had au interview with
the President to day and presented the rules
adopted by the commission to govern clerical
appointment, competive examinations, etc.
The Commission to-day discussed the question
of appointment of pstmasters.
Disposed Of.
The Evening Star says that tbo President
has addressed a letter to Dr. Kidwell, Presi
dent of the Seneca Stone Co., requesting the
latter to dispose of his (Grant’s) stock.
ILLINOIS.
Insurance Swindling.
Chicago, Nov. 1.—Thei State Attorney Gen
eral has commenced proceedings against the
following Insurance companies, upon the offi
cial statement of the State Auditor that their
assets are insufficient to justify the continu
ance of business: Chicago Fireman’s, assets
8373.000, losses $7,000,000; Merchants, assets
8900.000. 10sses $000,000,000 ;Chicago Fire,assets
$400 000, losses $3,000 000; Germania, assets
$200,000, losses $1,500,000; State assets $300,
000, losses $3 000,000; Home, assets $250,000,
losses $2,000,000; Mutual Security, assets
$511,000, losses $1,800,000 Total assets about
$3,000,000; Losses about $20,000,000.
METEOROLOGICAL.
Synopsis oi Weather Report* for the past
Twenty-Four Hoar*.
War Dep’t, Office Chief Signal 1
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Nov. 1, (7.00 P. M.)J
Probabilities—The area of the high barome
ter in the Ohio Valley will probably move
north and eastward, with brisk northerly
winds to-night for a short time from Virginia
to New York, toilowed by partially cloudy and
clear weather on Thursday, in the Middle
States and on the lower lakes, with southwest
erly w inds aud a rising temperature on the up
per lakes; northwesterly wiuds veering to the
southard will continue on Lake Outaiio, oi
Thursday, aud fresh northwest winds will con
tinuo on the New England coast, increasing ti
moderate gales some distance off shore.
Low pressure on the coast ot Maine wil
probably produce a severe Btorm in Nova Sco
tia. Cautionary signals are ordered from Ches
apeake Bay to Maine for this evening.
GKOHGIA.
Gov. Bullock Interviewed.
The Scheme of the l£x-Uebds.
NewYokk, Nov. 1.-Ex-Gov. Bullock, of
eorgia, in an interview to-day, stated that
is resignation had long been determined upon
and held in reserve as a last move to check and
defeat his political enemies in their efforts to
get complete control of the State Government.
All his official acts are matters of record. Gov.
Conley has a detailed statement of ail his finan
cial transactions, and there is no foundation
for the wild charges that are being made
against him. He is ready for any fair investi
gation and intends soon to return to Georgia
end demand it. But he is not willing to per
mit any arrest at the instance of political ene
tnies in Georgia, because his friends advise
lm *bat it will result in his being Ka Kluxed
by a mob under the instigation of the men who
were so near grasping the State Government
and had been toiled. His letter to political
nends and the public, dated Atlanta, Oct. 23d,
says:—“He that day received information, the
truth of which cannot he doubted, that the po
litical conspirators who seek to overthrow not
only the reconstructed Government of Georgia,
but of the United States, have secured the
pledges of a sufficient number of the incoming
members of the lower house of the General
ssembly to vote without previous investiga
ion tor articles of impeachment agaiust him
immediately after their assembling and organ
izing on Nov. 1st, and that having so adopted
sue articles in tho House, a sufficient number
o Senators will be unseated by the majority to
insure a two-thirds vote for conviction; also
a e Judge of the Supreme Court, who has
continually acted with these parties, has in
ormed his friends that this programme was
perfected, and that he had been elected to pre
side during the trial over the Senate, while the
Senator representing Gen. Toombs’ district was
to be elected President ot the Senate and im
mediataiy announce himself as Governor,
pending the trial and during the unexpired
part of the Governor’s term. Upon this state
of facts he decided to resign his office into the
hands of the President of the Senate and thus
defeat the scheme and protect political friends
in the Senate front expuleion and save the
State from disasters sure to follow in the wake
of success of uupirdoned and unrepentant
rebel loaders. Th»se conspirators fear, above
all things, the re-election of Grant, and he
(Bullock) is fully satisfied that they propose
to control *he. Government and reverse the po
litical result of the past few ysars by peaceful
means if they can and foul means if they dare.
Failing iu this, another attempt at separation
will be made.
NEW fOttfi,
Lcdiriih’j Fail,
New Yoke, Nov. 1.—Judge Ledwitb, hav
iug accepted the i’ammauy nomination tor the
Supreme Court, has resigned liis position as
one of the committee of seventy.
Halariett Slopped.
Deputy Comptroller Green declines paying
the police justices and clerks, on the ground
that they have been overpaid, as the increased
salaries they have been receiving under a vote
of the Common Council were in contravention
of the law. Un^er this decision they will not
receive any salary for several months to come.
The Division of the (Spoils.
A statement has been made founded on the
warrants paid by the Broadway Bank that lu
gersoll and Gurvey in depositing invariably
gave 32 per cent, to Woodward, 24 per cent, to
Tweed and kept 44 per cent, for themselves.
Tweed’s Juries.
It is stated that the graud jury which was
discharged yesterday paid no attention to either
Tweed's case or any of the city frauds as was
expected. The next grand jury meets Monday
when Tweed’s case will be laid before them.
Garvey Escape* to Europe.
The Times is informed by the captaiD of the
steamship Herman that Andrew J. Gaivey,
under the name of McDonald, sailed in that
vessel hence Sept. 23d. On arriving at Bre
men he immediately proceeded to Switzerland.
Not flinch ot an Injunction.
The injunction on the Comptroller was mod
ified to-day by Judge Ingraham allowing 8200,
000 for Ceutral Park.
Suspension of Bmlucsa.
The Post says a large number of merchants
have agreed to suspend business election day.
No New Suita.
It is authoriiafc*vely stated that the Commit
tee of Seventy will institute no new suits at
present. The police department has promised
the committee ample protections for their
challengers at the polls on Tuesday.
^Infected Porta.
The Health Board has declared Charleston
and Key West infected ports, and vessels
thence w ill be quarantined till utter the 8th of
November.
Gen. Jordan.
A motion for the discharge of Jordan, the
Cuban General, was made to-day before Judge
Bwedict, on the ground ihat he had been in
dicted over a year without trial. The argu
ment will be heard on the 8th iust.
t'ouBterfciler Convicted.
John Jackson has been convicted of utter
ing counterfeit money.
Too Uluch ITIolitaMrs.
The Long Island Sugar Refinery is embar
rassed by excts&ive purchases of molasses at
prices higher than now current by one of its
officers, who is missing, though not suspected
of being a defaulter. The liabilities ol the
concern are stated to be $720,000, aud suspen
sion is feared.
A model Officer.
Police Capt. Sherry, who, it is aliegid, made
an attempt lo bribe a witness in a voucher, is
I t ow accused of clubbing aud inciting hi* men
to beat membtTS ot the Reform precession last
evening. 0
Delutar in a New 1 'haructcr.
Register McLaughlin, of Brooklyn, threat
ened to whip Mayor KalbflrUeh in the latter’s
office to day on account ol a publication ot
slander against female school teacbets in a
paper cahed the “City of Brooklyn,’’ edited
by Alex Deltnar [Andy Johnson’s statistic
maker]. Toe Mayor denied any knowledge of
the article. There is much public indignation
against Delmar, whom McLaughlin says he
will cowhide at sight.
Ulurdcr.
in a house ot ill-repute iu Patterson, N. J., by
John Canty, who iscaped. Taylor leaves a
wile and two children iu New Brunswick, N.
J
A Washington Rumor.
A special from Washington says that it is
asserted on the authority ol Senator Pool that
President Grant has expressed a determina
tion to declare martial law throughout the
South iu consequence of the continued out
rages.
Registration.
Registration to-day 68,080; first day, 23,736;
total, 91,816. Two days remain. Total last
year 142,666.
FEN <SXX VANIA.
Officials Indicted.
Philadelphia, Nov. 1.—The City Treasurer
and his broker are indicted by the grand jury
for their concern iu the recent defalcations.
Warrants of arrest have been issued and a
searching investigation will be made by the
management of the city financial affairs.
C'A MFOHVU.
Failuic.
San Fuancisco, Nov. 1.—The hanking house
ol John Siine Co. has failed. It is supposed
that the cause was uusueoesslul stock opera
tions. Siine died ten days sine**. The sti ck
market is tailing heavily, Out .here are no indi
cations of this failure affecting other banks.
Chinese Returning.
The steamer America left for China to day
carrying 700 returning Chinese and i.n unusu
al number of cabin passengers.
UTAH.
Vnriona Tlailrr*.
Salt Lake City, Nov. 1.—Everything is po
ciffc and there is not the least probability of an
outbreak.
The Mormons all disclaim any intmtiou of
resisting the law or opposing LT. S. officers.
No fault is found with the refusal of bail for
Stout and Kimbal1, although it is nor deemed
that the probability of thoir guilt is greeter
than Wells.
It is understood that Marshal Patrick is pre
paring an expeditiou to lollow and arrest Brig
ham Young.
There are r**li ible reports that Young it still
movidg south, having with him eleven wagons
and a hundred armed and mounted men.
The appointment of George C. Bates ak Pros
ecuting Attorney is opposed by both the Mer
tnon and Gentile press..
m m.
The Nilioaal Republican Convention.
Boston, Nov. 1.—The chairman of the lie
publican State Committee of Massachusetts,
has been authorized to address the National
Kepubliean Committee, Inviting them to se
lect Boston as the place lor holding the Na
tional Convention in 1872.
DELAWARE.
Consolidation.
Wilmington, Nov. I.—“Every Evening”
says it is authorized by a leading railroad di
rector to deny the report that the controlling
Boston interest in the Philadelphia, Wilming
ton Baltimore Kailroad Company has been
sold to the Pennsylvania Kailroad Company,
but intimates that there is a strong probability
of the first named road being leased by the
Pennsylvania Company.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
A Riot in South Carolina.
New Youk, Nov. 1.—A Spartansburg letter
of the 26th states that a constable, in at
tempting to arrest a citizen at Union, had his
pistol taken away from him. the citizen refus
ing to recognize the legality of his arrest. A
general row followed, in which several shots
between citizens and soldieis were exchanged
but no one was huit. All the municipal offi
cers and mauy citizens were arrested but all
were bailed.
1 Gen. Butler has made his appearance as
counsel lor the owners of th3 schooner E. A.
Horton, and has written to the Treasury offi
cials representing that the decision of the cast
be postponed till he has time to prepare fur
ther evidence.
TKI.KISHtl'UKI IICOx,
Small pox ha3 broken out again in New
ark.
t he Hobokeu council has ordered ihe Horse
Railroad track torn up, tbs company neglect
ing to pay its license.
Albert Jones and Augustus Howard, each 16
years of age, in Yonkers, are suffering terribly
from hydrophobia. Neither is expected to
live.
The Grand Jury found five indictment,
against Miner, the counterfeiter, and four
against Iiallard.
Capt. George A. Magmderof the Uniied
States Navy died at Paris, Oct. 6th.
Two laborers were killed Wednesday by (all
ing from the fourth story of the Chicago Tri
bune building.
As President of the American Association of
Spiritnalists, Mrs. Victoria C. Woodbull has
just issued her preliminary message to that
body.
Edward Halloran of Fisheiville, N. 11., fell
dead from his chair Tuesday eveng alter hav
ing worked all day. His age was 50.
David S. Giddeon of Clough’s Hill, Gilman
lon, N. H., a tarnier in comtortable circum
stances, committed suicide by hanging Mon
day evening.
A valuable horse, wagon and harness, owned
by Madison Howe of Hopkintou, N. H., was
stolen Tuesday night and is lost trace of at
Contoocook village.
A London correspondent of the Tribune
states that the bargain between the working
men aud the peers has been broken up by in
..i .11.....,;.,.
Eugene Lamott, a Frenchman, on his way
from llaltimore to New Orleans, committed
suicide in Pittsburg, Pa., Wednesday. He
took a position on the railroad track and de*
lioerately shot himself, falling across the track.
An approaching train passed over his body,
cutting i if both of his legs.
The Georgia legislature organized Wednes
day.
Negro highwaymen are reporied to he rob
bing countrymen near Savannah, Ga.
ension agent Fowles of Philadelphia, is
held in $25,000 on charge of embezzling.
A Georgia family cn route for Texas, aecom
bauied by its slaves, was surrounded by 200 ne
groes at Little Itock, Ark,, and those, with the
Georgia people, taken away against their pro
test, causing great iLdignation to the white
people.
The Colonization Society has chartered a
vessel to take 25) colored emigrants to Liber'a
from the late Northern slave States. The ves
sel is at Fort Monroe, Va.
Seven convicts escaped from the Jefferson
ville (Mo.) penitentiary Wednesday, but were
caught, flogged and lacked up.
Weather Report—Nov. 1—IS I*. M.
War Department, Signal Service U. S. Army, Di
vision ot Telegrams amt Reports tor tho benedtof
Commerce.
si
3 *2
a hi C 4a
Place 2 t -2
1
observation. ‘-g
.a 2
5 a 55
33
Boston.29.72 41 NW Clear
Cbarleston.S.C..29.87 71 SW Hazv
Cleveland.30.05 40 SW Cloudv
Corinne, Utah..29.95 35 Calm Fair
Indianapolis_30.13 44 W C'eir
Key West .29.90 77 E Clear
Mt.Washington.29.44 13 NW Cloudy
New Loudon ..29.75 42 N W Clear
New Orleans. ...30.08 59 N Cloudy
New York.29.80 45 NW Clear
Norfolk.29.90 53 N Clenr’Dg
Pittsburg.30 17 43 W Cloudy
Portland.29.08 38 NW Cloudy
San Fraucisco. .39.08 55 Calm Clear
Savannah.29.92 72 SW Fair
Washington 30.03 47 NW Clear
Wilmington_29.90 69 Halm Fair
Montreal, C. E 29 79 35 W Cloudv
Galveston.30 18 50 NE Cloudy
iiarometer corrected lor temperature and elevation
f; O M VI let K tt I .V II
Foreign ln»i>orl».
MAITLAND. Sehr Planet—68 toii3 plaster, 8
coraa wood, 70 bush, turnips, to Master.
Ktrceipla by dailroadt anil ^tramboaif.
Steamer John Brooks, from Boston—28 bdls
paper, 60 ooxes bread preieration, 100 window
weights, 18 etoves, 14 bdls hollow ware, 153 bbls. on
ions and sweet potatoes, 150 boxes cheese, 10 tierces
lard, D bags oysters, 5 birds, sugar, 71 boxes glass, 10
bales carpeting, G3 bbls. apples, 8 sewing machines,48
bdls chair stock, 5 casks soda ash, 4 bolts duck, 1
pianoforte, 3 horses, 1 waggon, 1 oorpse, 100 pkgs to
order.
For Canada and up country—40 bales rags, 254 bars
iron, 2 trunks, 60 rolls leather, 50 casks' spikes, 1
desk, 1 hhd sugar, 30 bbls. dye stuft, 1 cask soda, 75
pkgs to order.
Statement of the Public Debt.
Washington, Nov. 1.—The fallowing is a reca
pitulation ot the public debt tor the month of Octo
ber as it appears on the books ot the Treasury:
Debt bearing interest in coin bonds
at 6 per cent. $1,582,512,350 00
Bonds at 5 per cent. 277,057,600 00
Principal. 1,8)9,569,950 00
Interest. 44,902,399 96
Debt bearing interest in lawful money
certificates ot indebtedness at 4
per cent. 078.000 00
Navy pension fund at 3 per cent. 14,000,000 00
Certificates at 3 per cent. 25,690,000 00
Principal. 40,3G8,< 00 00
Interest. 344,172 06
Deot on which interest has ceased since maturity:
Piinoipd. $1,793,692 26
Interest. 298,322 44
Debt bearing no interest—old demaud
and legal tender notes. 357.592,821 25
Fractional curreucy. 39.488,142 70
Coin certificates. 16,679.900 00
IT in ;/i pa I... 413,760,863 95
Unclaimed interest. 14,442 13
Total debt principal.$2,315,492,506 21
Interest. 45,559,336 60
Total debt.$2,361,051,842 81
Cash in Treasury (coin). 99.054,589 23
Currency. io, 283,80b 55
Total. $109,338,394 98
Debt le»3 cash in TreasuryNov. 1, '71, 2,251.713,448 03
Decrease or debt during October.. 8,905,19184
Decrease since March 1, i«7l. €8,995,398 89
Decrease since March 1, ’69, to Marcn
1, 1871. 204,754,413 09
The following are the total amount ot bonds issued
io the Pacific Railroad Companies, interest payable
in lawful money:
Principal outstanding.$04,618,832 00
Interest accrued but not yet paid.... 1,292,376 00
Interest paid by tbe United States.... 12,692.475, 00
Repaid by transportation of mail, etc. 3/286,529 00
Balance ot interest paid by the United
ir*,W3 Ot
*1 *ork Mtwck nud Mom) iHarku
New York, Nov. 1—Morning.—Gold opened at
11* j*
Money at 7 per cent. Sterling Exchange at 108$
1092.
stocks closed steady and dull.
ri hi specie shipmemts to-day amounts to $92,COO
The following are the torenoon quotations otSouth"
era securities:
Tennessee Gs, now... 6G
Virginia Gs, new... G3
Missouri Gs. 93$
Louisiana Gs, netr..56
Alabama 5s. 07$
Georgia G’s. 80
North Carolina G’s, new. 19
South Carolina Gs. new. 39
The loHowing were the quotations for Union Pa
cific securities:
Central I'acitic bonds...101$
Umiou Pacific bonds.86$
Union Pa i tie stock. 23j
Union Pacific laud grants. 75
Union Pacific income bonds. 76
New York,Nov.Money market firm
at 7 per cent, currency to 7 per cent Gold; prime
mcrcmtile paper 12 15 and good 24 per cent. Gold
steady at 112$ 112$, cash. Gold is ssarce owing to
the heavy Canadian purchases yes erday; borrowers
pari an per day; clearances were $91,C00,00U.N
Sterlfug Kxcuange lower at 108$ 108$.
Governments closed ttim and very dull, May and
November bonds beiagquo'ed ex-interest.
State securities unchanged. Stocks strong without
activity.
The Treasury Department to-day issued an order
calling in a million and a halt ot the 3 per cen s.
There were seventeen proposal* ot bonds to-day
amounting to $3,095,800, lrem 111 18-100 to 112; 1,
000,009 will proaably go at 111 18-lCOto 111 45 100.
The following are the closing quotations ot Gov
ernment securities:
United States coupon G’s, lhsi.1161
United States 5-20^s 1862.,.11 If
United States 5-20’a 1864.111$
United .States 5-20*81*6% old.111$
United States 5-20’s 1805, new.1131
united Mates 5-20’s, 1867.llif
United States 5-20’s, 1868. 113*
United States 10-40s., coupon.1C9$
i Currency G’s...111$
The following are the closing qnotations ot
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co.60*
Pacific Mail. 47*
N. V. Central and Hudson Kiver consolidated... 99$
N V Central Hudson Kiverconsolidated scrip. 85$
Une.-.....26$
Erie preferred. 62
Harlem....,..121
Harlem preferred.121
heading.108
Michigan Centra!. 116$
Lake Shore Michigan Southern.99$
Illinois Central.......130$
Cleveland Pittsburg.....125
Chicago North Western. GO
Chicago North Western preferred.88
Chicago Kock Island... 99$
Milwaukie St. Paul. 56$
Pittsburg <Xs Fort Wayue. 96*
tt>omcHtic markets.
New Your, Nov. 1— Evening.—Cotton strongly in
buyers tavor; sales 2767) bales; Middling uplands at
18Jc. Flour quiet and unchanged; sales 8350 bbls.;
Slate 6 00 7 30; round hoop Ohio 6 80@ 7 40; Wes
tern 6 00 7 65; Southern 7 00 @9 25. Wheat unset
tled and lower ;,sales 12,000 bush.; No. 1 Spilog at
154 I® 155; No. 2 at 149 @152: White State 167;
Winter Red Western 155 @160; White Michigan
163 @173. Corn heavy and lower; sates 93.000
bash.; new Mixed Western 75 afloat; old 76 77 in
store and 77) 78) afloat. Oats heavy; sales 59,000
bush, at 50 Sic. Beef quiet. Porlc quiet; mess
13 00. Lard firm and quiet at9)@10)c. Butler
steady. Whiskey dull ana lower; Western tree 991.
Rice dull; Carolina at 7) @8)c. Sagar lower; Mus
covado 8) 9)e; refluing 8] 9o. Coftee nominal;
Rio at is 20c. Molasses dull. Naval Stores—
Spirits Turpentine quiet at 07 67Jc. Rosin quiet
and at 4 50 tor strained. Petroleum quiet; crude 13?
@14c; retineil 23c. Tallow steady at 9 9Je.
Wool dull and unchanged; pulled 60c.
Freights to Liverpool quiet. Wheat, per steam, 91
SJd. 1
Chicago, Nov. 1.—Flour firm and unchanged.—
Wheat firmer at 1 20 cash, and 1 21 ffl 1 2a seller flrst
half November; No. 3 at 112) 1 13. Corn steady
at 48 cash; 46c seller November, and 47}c seller flrst
hall November. Oats flrmat 30jc. Rye steady at
60c. Barley steady at 55 t5)c. Provisions firm;
Mess Pork 11 62 12 75. December.. Lard BJctcash;
shoulders 6)c; boxed r bs held at 7c; short Clear 7)c,
December. Whiskey dull at 88c.
Receipts—4000 bbls. flour, 42,000 bush, wheat, 93,
000 bush. corn. 40,000 bush, oats, 4,000 bash, rye,
12.000 bush, barley.
Shipments—3,000 bbls. flour, 00,000 bush, wheat,
95.000 bush, corn, 41,000 bush, oais, 1,000 bush, bar
ley.
Cincinnati, Nov. 1.—Provisions—Pork nominal
at 12 50. Lard quiet and unchanged; Bulk Meats—
ilomand light and holders Arm; sides 6J 7c. Bacon,
demand light and holders firm; shoulders 7jc; sides
7j@7Ie. Live Hogs in good demand at 4 00 @4 25;
receipts 2000. Cattle in good demand and higher at
4 25 4 50. Whiskey dull at 88c.
St. Louis, Nov. 1.—Flour firm; Superfine Winter
4 85@5 25 Wheat firm; No. 3 red 1 40 1 41, clos
ing at 1 40. Com firmer; Mixed on track30@32.—
Pork firmer at 13 00. Baron—shoulders scarce and
at IJc; sides weak 7) 7Je. Lard quiet 9) 9)c.
Milwaukee, Nov. 1.—Flour unchanged Wheat
steady: No. I at 1 22); No.2 at 120). Dais firm and
in lair dear md; No. 2 at 30)o. Corn dull No. 2 Mixed
48c. Rye unchanged. Bariev dull; No. 3 lad at 55c.
Receipts—5000 bbls. flour, 13,000 busb. wheat.
Shipments—3,000 bbls. flour. 25,000 busb. wheat.
Toledo, Nov. 1.—Flour dull and unchanged.—
Wheat steady; No. 1 White Michigan 1 42; Amber
Michigan 1 41; No. IRedatISS: No. 2 do at 1 32);
No. 3 at 1 28; relocteddol 20. Corn dull and de
clined 1 2c; High Mixed 52) 58c; new do 51
52; tow Mixed 51c; new yellow 5lc. Oats a shade
beiter; No 1 at 3l*c; No. 2 ai 35j; r jetted 33c.
b HLKttTOH, Nov. 1.—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 17|c.
■'a Vann u, Nov. 1.— Cotton firm Middling up
lands at 17^0.
Mobili, Nov. 1.—Cotton dull; Middling nj lauds
17* 18c.
Nsw Obi RisSi Nor. 1. Cotton active; Middling
uplands 18* (g 18jc._
Boslou Boot nod Shoe Market.
Boston. Nov. 1.—The week’s shipments of Boots
and Shoes to places outside of New England foot
Sp to 26,2*6 cases, against 23,932. cases tor the same
week of last year.
The total shipment Irom this market since Jan. 1
to places outside ot New Kngiaml, irrespective of
those on Boston account maile from the lactories di
rect. have been 1.13fi,v33 cases, against 1,048,050 cases
lor the same peiiod last year.
The shipments Irom Lynn for the week hare been
1840 eases, against 2410 cases lor the corresponding
week last year. 6
The shipments from Haverhill for the week have
been 1738 cases, against 1431 cases tor the same week
last year.
The quiet season ct the year approaches ami ihp
shipments Indicate a tailing off in the demand to?
gouds for the Western markets parliculanv. The
•taea.’ln So“th “htiniiea good, and wiiilo ihe
trihnte!?tm?*’6!8i!an.!S in lhat feolion ba',e been rti«
Th« “ah’msfdM ,^triheir ,Jeman'l.l,ur work
hnrh .hr 11 ,or,,he "®»vy ara<le» Of coarse goods
I “tb'®r men 3an(1 Women’s wear, and lancv shoes
wall ,“?ch Th® western ma.k ts ar.
well supplied, and as the season has thus lar been
warm aud dry, thj actual consumption is not so
great, as was anticipated, and the country dealers
nave not had a brisk trade. In the manutactuiiag
towns there is not anything special to note.
Gloucester Fish Market.
For the Week ending Wednesday, November I.
George’s Codfish—market quiet, with a decline in
Pr*ces- We notice #ales at $5 25 qtl.
Mackerel—Earket unsettled, Bay arrive freely,
without call. Ueld at $12 CO and $9 50 \y bbl for No.
Is and 2’s. Shore held at $17, $14 and and $9.50
tor mess, l’s and 2’s; straight lots $15 and $9 TO for
I s and 2 p.
Smoked Halibut—12c ib.
Oil—We quote at 52c gal.—Boston Advertis
er,
•'•reign Itiarkeu.
Liverpool. Nov. 1-10 30 a. M.—Cotton firm;
Middling uplands 9|d; doOrleaus9]; sales 12.000
bales.
Liverpool, Nov. 1—1.30 p. M.—Cotton closed
8^y: Middling uplands &4;do Orleans 9*d; sates
15.0C0 bales.
Beet 678 6J.
Liverpool, Nov. 1-4.30 P. M.—Cotton c!ogcd
steady; Middling uplands Did; do Otleanso?; s-des
15,000 bales.
Corn 31a fttl.
Boston Stock List.
Sales at the Brokers’ Board, Hot. 1.
Maine State Six°s. 1889. 100
United States Sixes, 1881... 11C
Boston and Maine Kail roan. 146
Eastern Kail roan j(i7^
Michigan Cental Railroad.... 117
Union Paciiie R R sixes. 81|
[Sales at Auction.]
Bates Manalacturing Company. H3J
Vermont Central 1st mortgage Bonds. 81*
Western Railroad Sixes. 97}
Franklin Company, Lewiston. Ill)
Eastern Ra:l Road* Sixes, 188?. 96
Portland Pally Pren (Slock Lin.
For the week ending Nov. 1, 1871.
Corrected by W.E Wood, Broker, 67 Exchange St.
Descriptions. ParValue. Offered. Asked
Gold. 112....112*
Government 6’s. 1881.116 1164
Government 5-20,1862,.Ill 111*
Government 5-20.1864..Ill "ml
Governmen15-20,1865.. 111 111
Government 5-20, July, 18G5..7.7 11 i 113*
Government 5-20, July, 1867.1J3 ’*7112*
Government 5-20, J uly, 18C8.7.11 .7.113*
Government 10-40,.icg*’.. 109
State ot Maiue Bonds,. 99 *....101
Portland City Bonds, Municipal,.97 58
Portland City Aid ot R. R. 97 98
Bath City Bonds,,. 90 91
Bangor City Bonds, 20years,.91 92
Calais City Bonds,. 92.... 91
Cumberland National Bank.40.58 CO
Canal National Bank,.100.129 J30
First National Bank,.100.129 130
Casco National Bank.100.129 ....130
Merchants* National Bank. 75. 93.... 95
National Traders’ Bank.100.129 130
Second National Bank.100.114 U5
Portland Company.100. 50 60
Portland Gas Company,. 50. 58 CO
Ocean Insurance Company,.... 100. 95 100
At. St. Lawrence Ii. K. 60 55
A. K. R. R. Bonds,. 18.... 90
Maine Central II. R. Stock,_100.30 35
Maine Central R. R. Bonds. 7*s,.98 100
Leeds Farm’gton K. R. Bonds.. 100_88 90
Portland Ken. Ii. R. Bonds. 100.88 SO
Portland Ogdensburg K. R. Bonds, gold,88 ....9o
Portland Rochester Ii. R, Bonds, 7’s.94_95
Portland* Rochestor K. Ii. Stock....30 35
Portland Forest Av’me R, R.100.45_50
Sellable Insurance!
The OldPhcenlx
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
CONNECTICUT,
Rises trum ihe Ashes'* <>1 the Chicago Fire with a
clean surplus of over
One million Dollars,
And is now, as heretofore, one of tbe strongest com
panies doing business in Maine.
Gath Aisets Oct. lit 91*750,000
Lone* ni Chicago about 700.000
Capital and Surple, 1,050,000
It will thus be seen that tils old company affords
as ample security to its Policy holders as any other
Company in the country.
Policies Issued as heretofore on the most favorable
terms. All losses promptly adjusted and paid by
W. D. LITTLE dh COAgents,
Office 49 1-9 Exchange Hi.
Oct 30is-d&w3w
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE Sc MARINE
Insurance Co.
Sringfield, Mass' Oct i.’5,1871.
Messrs. Loring Tiifrston,
Agents, Portland:
As many of the Companies have been deceived in
the amount ol their Chicago loaoca, we conclude
at this late day to make tbe tallowing Statement
which we know to be correct.
Ammi1« at market Value.$1,077*000
Chicago losiics
not over.9450.000
All other outulnnding
Iowa,...:.: 47.990 $497,990
$579 780
5EP“This will give us our Capital ot $500,000
entire, ami Surplus oi $70,780 and we expect a
salvage ol over $-.5,000 at Chicago.
O ur Adjuslers are paying all lo*?es3 at Chicago in
Cash a9 last as they can be adjusted.
Our Director- and Stockholders arc pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO RATA on their Stock $325?
OOO within thirty days, as a reserve against all out
standing lisks, in accordance with tha Laws of
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus
Of OVEll
#900,000.00.
After Paying all Outstanding Lomcm.
THIS PUTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
BASIS. Select your business with great care and
avoid hard and undesirable risks as heretofore, and
pleare he particular not to give us too much in one
risk or focality.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Sec*y.
DWIGHT D. SMITH, Vic«-Pres’t.
The above statement will assure the pations of tbe
Compary and tbe public that the SPRINGFILD is
STRONG and alive to the situation.
Policies issue 1 on cmnil nrnnprl v at tsir
LOEIN J THURSTON,
AGENTS,
38 Exchange street.
Portland, Oct £8, 1871. isdiw
Winter Opening
OF THE LATEST
Parisian Novelties
IN
ROUND HATS
AND
BONNETS,
Wednesday, Nov. 1st,
Mrs. JE. R. FOWLE S
No. 4 Clapp's Block.
Oat 37-is ttELM ST.
M. O. M!. Jk.
A stated Meeting of the Maine Charitable
Mechanic Association will be held at the Libi ar v
Room on Thursday Evening, Nov. 2d, at 7 1-2
o’clock.
A full attendance is requested as the question ot
Lectures and Debates will be reported on by the
government.
oct31td OEO. A. HARMON, Sec’y.
No. 165 Middle Street,
M.& A. P. DARLING
Have receired Irom New York
Silk V.lrct. mid Satin., in all colors; Thread
Hull Malta Lacr., Wrr.. and Mark Untlon.
nud Ornament., Mtnr Itn>broidery HI aid.
Frinec, in all colors.
octll lwd tlsan 3weod
IF YOU WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
CiO TO 7
Palmer’s 132 Middle Street
therare ,a“r* 01 V$gf<"
KNT ETIT AINM ENTS
Public Assembly
The G. W. T. Association
Will give a public Assembly
LANCASTER IIALL,
Friday Eve’ng, November 3t
Under the management ot
Capt. EDWAUDHOOGKINS. Capt. H. A OKA?
CEO. H. FOSTER, J. T. SEAVER.
Musio by Webb’s Full Quadrille Sand
six PIECES.
Tickets admitting Gent, and Ladies, 7S cents.
Dancing to commence at H o’clock. oc3Itd
Next Entertainment,
Uf THE
People’s Course.
Msnriay Evening, Nov 6, a Concert lor the peoplej
by the well known and popular
III TCHINSON FA Jill,Y.
lribe 01 Asa.” Five Members.
Evening Tickets 35 cents, Course Tickets 80 cts.
JJoors 0{.en at 7, c »ocert 1-4 before 8. Sunday 8chool
Scholars admitted to this concert for 15 cents each.
Scholars Tickets for sale at Stockhridges. Course
Tickets everywhere. noltd
MUssiC HALL
For One Week.
Commencing Monday, Nov. 6tli,
Great Attractions.
Grand and Original
Tableax of Erin
AND THE HE NOV.’X ED
BRENNANS.
lfluguiflceui Scenery of Ireland, Dublin
May, Citie* of Dublin, fork, Water
ford, Limrrick, Ifcureaotown,
Londonderry, Ac. Ac.
Magnificent Scenery, the Beautiful
Lakes of Killamey,
Grand Operatic Gems, Songs, Duetts and Ballads by
the renowned artists,
Mr. and Mrs. Brennan.
Side-splitting Comedy of the Tour ot
DUBLIN DAN.
(Nora, with songs.
Mrs. Brennan, Widow Mackree.
Kathleen.
Mr Brennan, a*.The Tourist.
Tim Cohan as.Dublin Dan.
James Slianu >n as.Swell Tourist.
Seventy magnificent views ot the
EMERALD ISLE
And acknowledged by the Clergy and press as one
of the most splendid exhibitions extant.
CIS rand 71atinee Wednextday and Malardny
Afternoon*,
For Schools, when admission will be lOctr. tor chil
dren and 25 dents /or adults.
Evening admission 25 cts. Reserved seats 35 cents.
Alternoon performance commence at 2J o’clock.
Evening periormance commences i to 8.
Doors oden at 2 and 7 p m.
ocSldtd H. DAY IS, Jr., Business Agent.
Mr. A. B. GEE,
Will receive scholars tor Instruction in Dancing, at
bis Academy, corner ot Brown and Congress streets
MONDAYS and WEDNESDAYS, at 8 P.M.
Alternoon class WEDNESDAYS aud SATUR
DAYS at 2} o’clock P. M.
P. S.—Private Lessons at the Hall, or at the Resl
deuce if desired.
For particulars apply at the Hall. oc20tt
AUCTION SALtilS
P. O. BAILEY A CO., Ancl'r..
AtanulacturrKs Sale ot rockery
Ware.
ON Thursday, Not 2nd, at 2 1-2 o’clock, we shall
sell at Salesroom 18 Exchange st, by catalogue,
a large quantity ot Iron-stone China, licckingh&iu,
C. C. and Yellow Ware, in variety.
B^Goods on exhibition «lay belt re sale.
Catalogue turnished upon application to Auction*
WIS. <X_0'»I
(m il i T S*1FjE
-OF
CARRIAGES,
Sleighs and Harnesses,
A T AUCTION.
AT the NEW DEPOSITORY, 67 Federal st., oppo
site Sawyer’s Stable, will be sold on
Saturday, November 4th,
(Immediately alter F. O- Bailey Co's Sale in Mar
icet Square) the following Carriages:
One three spring Pony Phaeton, extra style ai d
finish.
One Box “Brewster Pattern,” 3-4 seat top Trotting
Baggy, very light and stylish.
One new pattern “Piano” body, open business
Wagon.
One shitting top, very light “Kimball” style Side
Spring Buggv.
One two-seat side- prir.g Business or Farm Wagon.
One blue cloth lined, falling top, new pattern, Top
Buggy, built to order tor livery work.
Ono second-hand Gig, suitable tor breaking Colts.
Oue side-spring two-seat covered Beacu Wagon
second band.
One second band “Jenny Lind” in good running
order.
Also several second hand Riding and Express
Wagons.
Six Sets Fine Covered and Lined Gold Mounted
Harnesses, custom made and second hand. Hands
et both light and heavy.
Also six Portland built Sleighs, trimmed and un
trimmed.
The above sale ofl'ers a line opportunity to pur*
chase a Carriage. Sleigh or Harness, as they wifi be
sold to the highest bidder.
Parties wishing to contribute to this sale will
please confer with the Auctioneers at 14 and 16 Ex
change st.
HENRY TAYLOR CO., Auctioneer*.
Nov 2-dtd
House at Auction.
ON Saturday. Nov. 4, at 12 o'clock, al£ story
bouse, contains seven finished rooms and a good
cellar. Lot about 35x70 feet, located i»» rear of Green
near Congress st. For further particulars apply to
WM. II. JERRlS,or
F. O. BAILEY CO., Auct’rs. oc26Ud
Sheriff’s Sale.
Cumberland ss.—Taken on execution and will
be sold at public auction to the highest bidder on
Saturday, the 4th day ol November A. 1). 1871, at
11 o’clock, in front oi old City Ilall, in Portland, and
said County, the lollowing personal property, viz:
Four Sleighs,
One Harness.
Dated at Portland, Oct 30:b, 1871.
W. L. PENNELL. Deputy Sheriff.
F. O. BilLEY A CO, AuclJeueer*.
Oct 31-dtd
Very Desirable iinck lilo.k on
Commercial e treet at Auction.
ON Wednesday, Nov. 8, at 12 m., we shall sell the
spacious and finely located Brick Block, No.
125 Commercial st. Said Block is 4 stoties high,
about 41$ It. on Commercial st., and 55 it. on the
avenue leading from Fore st, to Commercial street
and Central Wh trl, making the corner lot, and is one
ot the most substantial and valuable buildings on
Commercial st., and is now occupied by E. Corey
Co.
Terms favorable and made known at sale.
Mr* k.ir WT Ur 'Tlv.m.... T^n.l.
Pierce or
oc24td F. O. BAILEY CO., Auctioneers.
Assignee Sale.
PURSUANT to a license ol Hon. Edward Fox,
Judge of the District Court, in Bankruptcy, 1
will sell at public auction, at Kastport, at the store
lately occupied by EMphaiet F. Weos’cr. on Satur
day, the eleventh day ot' November, 1871, at 10 o’
clock iu the torenoori, the to lowing property, via:
The entiie balance oi the stock ot goods lately in
possession ot said Webster, together wiih the store
furniture and other personal property connected
with said estate ot the eatate ot said Kliphalet P.
Webster, Bankrupt.
GEO. W. WOODMAN, Assignee.
Portland, Oct. 81, 1871. nold2t
K. K. HUNT,
Oomicissioa Merohant aad Anetioauei
O. 310 Congress fit., will sell every evening
Li large assortment ol Staple and Fancy Goods.
Goods wul be sold during the day in iota to %ui
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on hi
descriptions of goods. Consignments out limited.
February 11, 1868. dtl___
mno mu railway
OF CANADA.
Alteration ot Trains.
WINTER ARRANGEMENT.
errsagjffign On and atter Monday, Oct. 30, 1871.
Trains will run as follows: I
Passeuger train at 7.30 A. M. tor South Paris,
and intermediate stations.
Mail Train (stopping at all stations) for Island
Fond, connecting wish night •»ail train for Quebec,
Montreal and the West, at 1.10 P M.
Accomodation tor South Paris and intermediate
stat ions at 5.00 P. M.
Passenger trains will arrive as follows:
From 8outh Paris and Lewiston, at 8.15 A M.
From Mentreal, Quebec. Gorham and Bangor at
1.45 PM n
Accommodation from So. Pans arrive at 8.45 P M,
Bf* Sleeping Cars on a>l night Trains.
The Company are not responribla tor baggage to
any amount exieeding $50 inlvalae (and that person
al) unless notice is given, and paid tor at the raU ol
eno passenger for every $500additional value,
C. J. BnYFUltS, Monaqina Dtreefor.
21. JUA1LK Y, Local Sun*r\*ttn<ie%t,
Portland,Oct. 26, 1._oc26ialw-oetl
SEED, SEED!
OOfin bushels Kew Timothy Seed; al»*
Clover ami lied Top tor sale by
KENDALL WIIITNEY.
Portland, Hapt 2,14T1. rWtt i*
Anna F. Curtis,
TEACHER of H>« P1AS0 FORT*
29 SPRI&® STREET.
Ber-Sati..oo,ory r.fcreme given when
oc7 eodMn