THE DEMOCRATIC PRESS.
SAMUEL D. IIAKRI3 EPlTon in PrSLisiin
XAVEJfJfA. THURSDAY, OCT. 1. 1871.
THE ELJKCTIOX THI KESPLT.
The eleetkm on Tuesday passed off very qui.
etly. The return have been Terr slow in com
ing in. We hmve delayed issuing our paper
aereral honn berondonrnsoal hour of publica
tion, hoping to g-ire a table giving the complete
Tote by townships in the county, but ate com
pelled to go to press without it.
The Republican majority hi the county is
about what it was at the last Gubernatorial elec
tion when that party carried tde county by SM
majority. The Democrats in many of the town
ships have most nobly done their duty. We
give below the rote on Governor in the several
townships so far as we have been able to obtain
them, up to the hour of going to press, and in
other cases the reported majorities
Atwatib Gives If cCook 6, Xoyes 138. He
pubtican majority 83, being a Bepnblican loss
of i on the vote of ism.
AraonA McCook, Xoyes, 100. Republi
can gain..
Bbimfiilo McCook, 135; Xores, 6f. Demo
cratic gain, 4. i
Cmsblbrtowx. lfcCoak, 3T; Noyes, 117.
Democratic gain, 14.
f Deiefi eld McCook, 99; Xoyes, Hi. Demo
cratic gain, 14-
Edtnbi-bgh. McCook, 64; Xoyes, lie. Demo
cratic gain. s.
FBiMKLlx.-arcCook.S16; Xoyes, 332. Sopub
liean gain, H. Prohibition, 22."
Fkxbdom. Reported Republican majoritv 86,
being a Republican loss of 8.
GABBXTTSV1I.LB HoCook. 4S: Xoves. 88.
Democratic gain, 38. Prohibition, 18.
His ix. Reported Democratic majority of 6
a gain of 14.
Fiunrii Reported Democratic majority of
ay; again oi is.
atAXTUA MoCook, 115; Koyos, 131. Repub
lican ruin. 43.
Nklsos. HcCook.Oi; Xoyes, M. Democratic
gain, 3.
Pabis BfeCook, 45; Xoyes, 103. Majority
Mints as m huv.
B-iXDOLm. McCook, 10S; Xoyes, IBS. i Dem
ecratic gain, 11.
BlTllxi.-McCook, 333; Xoyes, 478. Dem
ocratic gain, 38. i
Rootstowh. McCook, 8S; Koyes, 119. Re
publican gain, 4. v
Bhai.usvtu.e McCook, 107; Koyes, M. Re
publican gain, 17.
Btbbktsboro. McCook, 9i Xoyes. 88. Dem
ocratic gain, 8.
SurriBUt. McCook, 168; Koyes, 60. ernoerat
1c gain, t.'
Wixdbax. McCook, 40; Koyes, ISO. Dem
oeratic gain, 14.
PEXXSY LVAXI A.
The returns of the election in this State are
very meager. The Pittsburgh Republican pa
pers of Wednesday morning claim that the Re
publican State ticket is elected by iO.OUO m ajorl
ty, with both branches of the Legislature Radi
cal but in s State with 600,000 votes, with a
claim of so small a majority, it will be safe to
wait for more definite information.
The Keault in the State.
The news of tho election comes in very slow
ly. The Republican claim the election of Koyes
by 90,000 majority, yet have beard from only
one-third of the State. The People's Ticket, of
Cleveland, was defeated by a small majority.
Democrat ie gains reported in Seneca, Montgom
ery, Delaware, and other Counties. Republicans
claim the legislature, but the doubtful Counties
have not been heard from, and the returns may
turn the scale.
TEXAS ELECTION DEMOCBATIC VIC-
TOKT THE CARPET BAGGERS
SQUELCHED.
The returns of the election held in Texas last
week indicate a complete Democratic victory.
The majority Is estimated at over 90,000. In the
Congressional election the returns indicate the
election of tho entire Democratic delegation,
which is a gain of three members.
jrrtr York State Democratic Convention.
The Democrats of the Erfjpire State
held Iheir Convention at Rochester
on the 4th inst., to nominate candi
dates for State officers. Tha Tamma
ny delegation did not press iheir
claims for scats, and the other dele
gates were excluded on account of
their not haring been chosen in ac
cordance with the rules governing the
selection of delegates by the party in
that State, and the city was therefore
unrepresented in- tht body. .The
ticket put in nomination is principal
ly composed of the present incum
bents. TVe gire below. a synopsis of
the platform adopted, by which it will
be seen that the Democracy denounce
in the strongest and most unequivocal
terras the corruptions which have
been practiced In New York City, and
demand that the men who have be
trayed their trusts, "be brought to
merited punishment. This is in
strong contrast with the action of the
Radicals, who. endeavor to conceal,
cover op, deny and excuse the pecu
lations and frauds which are commit
ted by their unfaithful officials.
The following is the substance of the
resolutions adopted 1
The first denounces the Adminis
tration at "Washington as false to its
pledges and to the Constitution, and
charges that it nas kept alive section
al hate, refused amnesty to submissive
citizens, and denied peace to restored
States; made the rich richer, and the
poor poorer, and squandered the pub
lic lands, and now seeks perpetual
power by militaryinterference in pop?
ular assemblages and elections. r -r
The second recognizes emancipa
tion and enfranchisement, and equali
ty before the law of the freedmen of
the South, as the inevitable conse
quence of the civil war and the over
throw of the rebellion,
it the duty of all to
all their rights,
Terrible -CoDflagration in
v Chicago!
f
Miles of Houses Destroyed,
CITIZEN'S STKICKEX WITH
FEAR ASD PANIC!
r
Threatened Destruction of the
THE X.OSS nXAlCClMH.FhaBU.
TEO AT 300,000,6o6.
and declares
sustain them in
The third denounces the fraud and
corruption of, New York City, and
demands the immediate punishment
of those upon whom the gutlt can be
fixed declared this deplorable state
of affairs was inaugurated by the Re
publican party, and continued by them
through many years, under which the
trrowth of extravagance, peculation
and fraud was inevitable, and demands
on the part of the next Legislature
such further reforms in the City Char
ter as shall eradicate the legislation
Chieago,tlje great commercial empo
rium of the West, haaheen .visiud.by
one of the most terrible and destruc
tive conflagrations that" has ever" 'oc
curred upon the western hemisphere
The fire. broke ontatabortf .-9 :45 cu
Saturday evening, in Lull Holmes1
Planinr AIilL on Canal street near
Van Bureu,, and, as the .wind was
fresh from the South. the flames spread
north with great rapidity and in half
an hour had.s.pread over the space of
IOur Ulceus, act-uoj u everj imug jii
its ;conrse. The 3fonday morning
dailies state thajt. the flames were then
still raging, and the awful destruction
going 011. Uur limiteti space prevents
us from giving the full details of the
awful calamity, .witit-'li is'ttrprecSdcu
ted in- the- annals of jristory Ji'ut 'a
faint 'idea-f .the calamity may be
gathered from the following despatch-
cs which we copy frornfcour morning
exchanges:
Chicago... Oct. 9. Noon.-TUe whole
business' part of the eity' is in ashes
from Harrison street north to Chicago
avenue and east of tha river to Lake
aveirae, three mil es fn-length" dnd a
.mile to 'a mile' and a half in Vvidth,-.
Every1 hotel, bank; express office, tele
graph office; theatre, apd newspaper 1
offices,' With all the wholesale houses
in the city are totally 'destroyed;-with
many thousand dwellings. The water
works a'i-e destroyed. Earl y' this
morning the wind was-blowing a per
fect gale from the southwest', with a
sky of brass. No one can tell what
the end will be. The only salvation
for the reinairideVof the city is in the
wind keeping in the present direction.
1 The Tribune building has fiuallv suc-
cumbed. Evcrv theater, the six larsr
est elevators, the. immense depots of
i thp. 3Jichig.in Southern andHlinois
i-Ctntral Raiiroads, bolh passenger and
freight depots ot the latter, more than
a score of churches, and much of the
shipping in tne river, an arc gone.
Men who were millionaires yesterday
morning are nearly penniless to-day.
But lucre terrible than all is the awful
ccrtaiuty that many human beings
hare found liery graves, how many no
one can now tell, perhaps no one can
ever tell, but some are known to have
perished, and there is a heartsickeuing
fear ihat the victims of the fiery mon
ster may be counted by hundreds."
Any attempt at description of, the
scene of the appalling calamity would
be idle. The simple facts are that the
j once great city of Chicago is destroy
ed, tLat h una reus of millions of the
active capital have vanished, and that
nearly one-third of her' inhabitants
are homeless dependents, are enough.
A$y attempt to embellish would be
But a niockervl' As this awful day
through which such frauds were pps- Fifty thousand people are homelees,
sible, and secure among other things,
first An earlv opportunity for the
people of the city to choose new mu
niciDal officers. Second On the part
of the Mayor more complete control,
and in consequence more complete
responsibility lor the subordinate de
partments of administration. Third
The liabilitv of the Mayor of New
York with all Mayors of cities to be
removed by the Governor in the same
manner as me onerins 01 cuuuun me
and most1 of them ha'a-Hlestitute con
dition. The unburned streets for
miles are lined with household goods.
No one dare'think what .-the loss of
life may be. The flames have swept
through the city with great rapidity,
The: praune-is on nifeand-. many
must; have--perished Mb ,Wstcra
Union'Telegraph -Company has suc
ceeded in getting up a-feM wires from
a hastily improvised office in the west
ern part of the city, establishing com-
Thx Democratic State Convention of Illinois
which met at Spring-field on the 4th inst.. nom
inated 8. S. Hayes, of Cooko county as their
candidate for Congress at large.
TnnEi are four regular tickets in the Held in
Massachusetts. The Democratic the Labor
Reform, and the Prohibition. You pays your
money and takes your choice.
removed upon proof before him of munications in nearly all directions
malfeasance i in,, omce or neglect or Munificent offers ot assistance .are
dutv. 1 comiusr from evrviuarter.
4. The elecuons m tno spring ;oi Englewood, Oct. v The fire is now
each year, so as to place in the hands working south. Whole blocks of
of the people the power to make a buildings on. iWabash. avenue, as far
complete change of city government; as Harrison street' are bih'g blown up
o. Publicity ot accounts. at an times to nrevent the 6oread of the lire.
and facilities to the tax-payer to re- Tfce wind is blowing hard from the
strain and punish "abuses, and to se-1 south. The North side of the citv as
Tha Fire Fiend Terrible llestrnctlon
Property Loss of late.
The fires in the woods and on the
prairies are prevailing in every diree
tion in the north-west.including Mich'
igan, Illinois, Minnesota and Iowa,
and information from the points vis
ited say the flames can only be arrest
ed by a heavy rain.. The country is
as drya s tinder in every direction
A telegram from St. Paul, dated the
5th inst., says
The great prairie fire is still raging
with unabated fury, although a slight
rain yesterday stayed its progress a
little. Tne course of the nre is south
east, and up to the last accounts it had
reached nearly as tar south as the lo
wa border, and eastward as. far as the
.Minnesota Kiver, which it is hoped
Wilt stay its lurther progress.
The high wind of yesterday drove
it forward with lightning rapidity,and
it was burning fiercely in the big
wooas around uiencoe, JLaseur, Alan
kato and New TJlm. The reports of
the ravages ot the nre-hend are con
stantly coming in, though evidently
much exaggerated.
The loss, so far as is positively
known, is .confined to houses, fences,
barns, hay and wheat, and live and
farm Btock. Only two lives are actu
ally known to have been lost that of
a Swede named Conneaut, of Kandi-
yoke County, and a man, unknown.
who started from the same county
with a drove of cattte for Fort Garry,
.and was overtaken by the hre. There
is no means of ascertaining the amount
of damage done, owing to the large
tracts ot country over wmen the hre
has swept, and its inaccessible nature,
but it must he very heavy. JUany
small towns have been completely de
stroyed, and solitary farm-houses in
the track ot the nre have almost in
variably been bnrned to the ground.
The amount of suffering must neces
sarily be great, as many farmers have
lost every thing, homestead, live stuck
and crops, with a long winter close
pon them.
A dispatch from Toledo, of the 4th
inst, says: -'-".'J''' ''J: t
j- The wood 8 are on fire on both sides
of the Toledo, Wabash and Western
Railway, the greater part of the wav
between Antwerp and New Haven,
covering au area of four or five miles,
and about tne same distance between
Antwerp and Cecil, burning down
timber, both green and dry, hundreds
of cords of wood, and miles of fence.
Atv Woodburn, October three
houses were destroyed, and the steam
mill was only saved by breaking sev
era! farrows of land around it. Trains
have bad to stop while heated rails
were removed and new ones put in.
Cornfields and meadows have been
entirely destroyed. The probable loss
is about $5,000 or $6,000. The smoke
is so dense as to make seeing and
breathing very difficult. The fire is
tiil raging,
Thu Conflagration hi Wisconsin.
A dispatch dated- Gresn Bay, Oct.
4th, says.
The fires which are now prevailing
In the six or seven north-eastern coun
ties of Wisconsin, have never had a
parallel since the settlement of the
counties. The drouth which has pre-
Tailed SMoeearly ia August, has dried
up the springs and streams, and all
-vegetation', and baa parched the ground
to such a depth below the surface that
the soil itself acta as a conductor, and
living trees are falling from the action
of the fire, which undermines them.
'AH outstanding property is swept
fcvay, there being so little water in
:avavUle sources to stop the fires.
Saras aad their contents, haystacks,
cordwood ad other property, togeth
er with hundreds of miles of fences
iSre burned, as no resistance can be
offered to the appToachiug fires.
There is yet no authentic account fit
the loss of life, although a family in
Kawanee county and some persons in
'Shawnee county are reported to hare
jbesnbtarned.
cure speedy trials ot onenaers in
independent Courts.
The fourth favors defining by" law
the power of towns and counties to
create debt and levy taxes.
The fifth declares that while ready
to purge local administrative abuses,
we must not forget the corruption ot
the Federal Government, the profli
gacies in the Custom-house and Inter
nal Revenue Boards, in the Army and
Navy; and in the highest walks of
office as well as in the municipalities,
far as Lincoln Park is in ruins. There
is no danger t6 the Michigan Southern
freight houses as yet, unless the wind
should change to the west, v
The "Tribune building' -is the only
building le'ft standing north of Van
Bureh street.:i'AH -of the hotels and
pass'enge.r'depots are'destr'oyed. W.
uhicagc, uct. y.- UATEST.--xne en?
tire business portion1 01 -.the -city is
destroyed. Ail the banks, express
and telegraph offices, aU-the-newspa-
per offices except thc.2Wiuie, six ele-
and we call tho attention of the people vators.and the water -work? .are gbfae,
A 1L. 1. B,I n. 1. XT& 1 I
to the fact that this corrupt power
triumphed in and controlled the re
cent Republican Convention at Syra
cuse,
.'The sixth denounces registry laws
and approves the passage of the con
stitutional amendment now pending.
making bribery ground for challenge
to the elector, and denying suffrage
alike to him that, receives and him
that offers corrupt inducements.
The seventh challenges comparison
between Democratic administration
of the affairs of State and that of
their adversaries:
The eighth declares that the' Gov
ernment should lay no tax on the im
ports except for revenue purposes;
that the revenue should be moderate,
and based upon the value of the prop
erty taxed that raw materials cannot
be especially without uninst burdens
laid upon domestic manufactures that
our present tariff violates every prjn-
No water in the city. Not less' than
ten thousand buildings have already
heed destroyed.' It has burned a dis
tance of. five miles aud is still raging
with the wind blowing a gale.'""
Chicago, Oct. 9. Hon. Wm. Orton,
New York We axe trying to i get
established a supply- depot, but as the
fire is now coming up this way on
Wabash Avenue, we will probably be
driven out of here before night. -The
Water Works are burned. 1 Every
banking hoose and every' railroad de
pot in the city is burned.-' -1'
Signed.J J.J. to. Wilson, isupt. -fTliis
dispatch is dated in the south
ern portion of the city.
Chicago, Oct. y Alternoon. JNoi
one can now tell, perhaps no one can J
ever .tell, how many, but some are
known to have perished, and there is
a heart-sickening fear that the victims
of the fiery monster may be counted
by 5 scores. Hundreds of horses and
ciple Of political" economy, debauches I cows have been burned in stables, and
our politics, and drives our manufac
tures from All foreign markets that
in the present circumstances of the
country an ample revenue for- pay
ment of interest and large installments
on the principle of the debt and fur
ther expenses of th Government can
be had without laying any tariff what
ever upon necessary articles, 'such as
iron,. coal,. clothing medicines ana. an
materials used in mechanic arts.
The ninth indorses Governor "Hoff
man, and declares that ne nas oorne
himself in his high office with such
integrity, courage and devotion to du
ty, as to commend the confidence and
gratitude, not only of his political
supporters, but of the' mass of jntelh
gent and appreciative citizens of the
The tenth, and last, resolves that
now that apprehensions are expressed
that the religious and civil equality of
citizens is menaced, we renew the
pledges of our fidelity to the great
Uemocratic doctrine ot equal and ex
act iustice to all men, whatever creed
or nationality, and special favors to
none.
;T Horrible Affair.
The Boston Post says "Nofwalk,
Connecticut, was aroused at an' early
hour Thursday morning by a tremen
dous explosion on the premises of W
Mills, occupied by Horatio J Oook.
fhe whole town at once' rushed.to the
spot, and witnessed a horrible spec
tacle- ihe bouse was literally, rent in
twain, its east, end blown out, the
roof lifted, windows gone, ceiling de
molished, and all on fire. But the
most sickening sight was the black
ened .and disfigured corpse of Mr.
Uook, buried in the burning debris.
Mrs. (Jook was also found seriously
injured and in a most pitiable condi
tion. Crazed by the concussion, she
was frantically throwing herself abont
on thev.north side, ..numbers,' though
released from confinement, -bewilder
ed and confused by the sea of fire
which surrounded them, rushed wtld-
ly to-and fro; uttering'-eriesof fright
and pain, un til they were scorehed and
killed
Chicago, Oct. 9 I P. M.-The aw
ful work of destruction goes on witn
relentless fury; From-' Harrison St.
south to Division St.; north,' and from
the river to the lake, and four miles
long by one wide the flames have
swept every thing -before them-v-'It is
estimated,', mat at -least one unnareu
thousand people are homeless, aud in
a suffering condition. The -streets in
districts still unburned are lined for
miles with such household goods as
have been saved from destructions-
Most generous offers of assistance in
money, food and everything wanted
are coming from every city and town,
by telegraph. Tho Mayor has respon
ded to several offers, asking that cook
ed food be forwarded as soon as pos
sible. Firemen are oa the way here
from Cincinnati, -St. Jjouis, find other
cities. The water works are entirely
destroyed, and we are now blowing
up buildings in the line of the fire, in
the attempt to arrest its progress.
Ohicago, Uct. a. ltis now. believed
the spread of the fire has been stayed
at -Harrison street, but on the north
side there is nodiminntion of its fury,
and this entire division of the city is
evidently doomed to utter destruction,
and there- are;. grave tears j that the
flames may spread to the west side of
the north branch 'of the river, and the
inhabitants of 6treets nearest the riv
er are .already moving to places of
supposed greater safety. The Wes
tern Union Telegraph have now six
wires working east and south, and
running into temporary offices, at the
corner ot istijte and sixteenth streets,
The JNortli-W estern Itailroad is run-
in her night clothes and screaming for uing trains on bpth its branches, that
aid. After she. had been removed to
a neighbor's and rendered more com
fortable, she explained the' sad affair
by saying that Cook had been "predis
posed to insanity, and that he was suf
fering from intermittent fever and
congestion of the brain "the day be
fore. Just before daylight he arose.
carefully gathered up all of Mrs.
Cook's clothing in tho." upper part of
are crowded with fleeing citizens. It
is now. positively asserted by some
mat tne water woriis are aim intact,
but that water has been shut oil'
from the South aud West Divisions
on account of the quantity being used.
on tlie JNorth bide. A. reliable gen
tleman just arrived from the North:
Division brings the joyful intelligence
that the water works are uninjured.
the house and threw it down into the God grant that it may prpye true,
cellar, and then deliberately went to a
keg ot blasting powder that was
stored in a room adjacent to the bed-
room,.and applied a match to it. The
whole occurrence shows complete pre
meditation on lh part of the unfortu
nate suicide, Mrs. juook win proa-
ably recover.
It is impossible now to give an sp?
proximatciy correct statement or the
losses, but.fi faint idea may be formed
when it is Btated that every bank In
the city, except two small savings in
stitutions,' one on Tw.euty-Second.SL,
in the South Division, and one on
Randall street, in the West, are do
st roved, all the wholesale streets and
Fatal Accident. -Mr. Hoi-ai-a Vnrton-of 1 oil ta lnvtvA rMAil nsttnhli.qlimpnia. tlm.
IWi.'reluTnl!;, horirorretS? Postofflce,0 Court ijonse, Chamber of
V.llo, where be had been with a load of lumber. Commerce, and every hotel III the
When near the center of Parfciuao, from some cftnti, Tlivialnn nvfnni. f lift Mirhiiriiii'
cause, his horse took fright and ran, throwing BOUUl UlVlSlon, except lJ .lCUlgau..
Mr. Norton from the wairort and dnurrtaor him One hotel standing on the extreme
f"wbTdio escaped, oaa.y scorun--pity, ;which js largely occupied by
tptCttau Jtmmml Oct, Btt ..v I eo. jvery awpJv uiwjs.Muriiuu. pveuiuiy rcsiaents. -ill, also 'kUOWll
draws to a close thousands of anxiou
eves watch the dense clouds of smoke
which still roll over the burnt district
with the evident dread that a sudden
change ot the wind mr.v turn the
flames- upon liie portion of the city
yet spared, mere seems, however
utile cause lor this apprehension, as
reinforcements of firemen from other
cities are constantly arriving, and Col.
J. S. S. Wilson, Superintendent of the
telegraph, is in receipt af dispatches
from leading cities, announcing that
aid is being provided for the sufferers,
Colonel Vioww, of fct. i,ouis, tele-
gi-aplis that seventy thousand dollars
have- been 'subscribed by the mer
chants. Cincinnati promises one hun,
dred thousand; Cleveland is propor
tionately, generous. All this and a
great deal more will be needed to re
lieve .the immediate pressing wants
Everything.is being done by General
btager and. his assistants to keep up
communication for citizens and the
press with-the world outside. Col
George T. Williams. Superintendent
at Cincinnati, reported promptly for
duty this morning. About three
fourths of the United States mail was
saved, aud taken possession of b v
Col. Wood, oi the Postoffice service.
Chicago, Oct. 9. 6 r. m. The pro
gressing flames in the South Division
were fullv arrested about one o'clock,
This was accomplished by the blow
ing up and destroying several build
ings on Wabash avenue and Congress
street by Dientenant General Sheridan
The district burned over in the 'South
Division, embraces everything from
the Chicago river to the Lake, em
bracing about one hundred blocks, and
this district contained all the leading
business houses, hanks, insurance offi
ces, hortels, etc. A large number of
churches, including the St. Mary's
uamoiic, jvirst Presbyterian, second
Presbyteriany St.. Paul's, Sweden
borgian, etc. The Methodist Church,
col-ner of Wabash 'avenue and Con
gress -street is saved,- the Michigan
Avenue Hotel, on the corner of Mich
igan avenue and Congress street, and
Congress Hall, directly adjoining on
Congress street, were, '.saved. Michi
gan Terrace, on Michigan avenue, em
bracing the residence of Lieutenant
General Sheridan, Governor Bross,
Hon, John Scammou, S. C -Griggs,
Peter L Ross, and other leading citi
zens,. are- completely destroyed, with
their lurniture and nearly all the con
tents. The newspaper establishments
are totally wiped out. The Tribune
.building resisted the fire for several
hours, but finally yielded, when Mc
Yicker's theatre", immediately adjoin
ing,; which also long withstood the
raging element, finally 6uccombed-
In fact, all the buildings in the neigh-
'Oornooa which were claimed to be
fire-proof shared the fate of those
that could make no such claim. The
great Central Depot at the foot of
Lake street became -a. heap.' of ruins
about nine o'clock. Most ot the pas
senger cars oi tne .Michigan Uentral,
Burlington and Quiiicey and Illinois
Central Railroads were moved on the
breakwater and saved.
West of Clark street, in the South
Division, the fire extended south as
far as Polk street, sweeping every
thing before. The distance burned
over here is some three blocks wide
and over half a mile long, numbering
about twenty blocks. The buildings
were mostly of the cheaper kind, em
bracing saloons, small shops, -cheap
houses, etc. J
The district burned over on the
West Side commences at Taylor street
running from Dekoven to Jefferson,
ran thence four or five blocks north.
and then moved diagonally, toward
the river, and finally the west line
was established on Clinton street, and
reaching to tne river, it moved in
this line northward, till it reached the
JSorthwe8fern West Side .depots,
Where jt stopped, a distance of nearly
two miles irom wnereat started. The
Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago.
and the Chicago and St. Louis-depots
in this territory. Doth passenger, and
freight, were wiped out.
Almost the entire. Northern Divis
ion, from the main branches of the
Chicago River to Lincoln Park, nearly
two miles long and one mile wide, is
completely destroyed, including the
water works, a large number of
churches, etc. This statement 'embra
ces nearly the entire business portion
of: the eity. South of Harrison street
in the South Division, reaching out
many milfts, and covered almost en
tirely with dwellings, composed large
ly of tbe; more elegant class;- is un
touched and may now bo regarded
safe; from injury. For miles and
miles in every direction the sidewalks
lawns, vacant tots and iront yards of
the dwellings are tilled with people
who nave escapea irom uiese burniusr
i i l. i a
aweiungs, lading wiiij mem only a
scanty amount ot lurniture and
clothing,, ihe sight is truly pitiful
and harrowing, iney must receive
immediate relief, or may, from ex
posure and starvation, perish. 1
Of course, as stated in a previous
dispatch, it is impossible to make an
approximate estimate of the entire
loss, but it can scarcely tail below one
hundred and fifty millions of dollars
and but a fraction of this amount can
be realized from insurance.
General-Sheridan has to-day tele
graphed, to St. Louis to send at once
to Chicago pne hundred thousand ra
tions. He has telegraphed to .Omaha
for two companies of soldiers aud one
thonsaud tents, and they will be here
as soon as they can come by rail. lie
will also order another hundred thou
sand rations.
Mayor Mason has issued a procla
mation calling a meeting to night in
the West' Division, to sea. what the
citizens can do for the relief of the
s.utierers, lucre are at least one hun
dred thousand persons who fcnpw not
where to get enough provisions to
satisfy their hunger,
A late rumor from the North Divis
ion says the devastation is less wide
spread than has been reported! No
deaths are reported by the disaster
yet, but undoubtedly many hsye per-
iHiieo.
that two men caught in the act of fir
ing buildings have been shot, and two
others led off with ropes round their
necks. As the wind is blowing a gale
the end now cannot be foretold. Fur
ther news will be forwarded as soon
as received.
AN OHIO
WIFE IX A
COCRT.
WASHINGTON
How a Ravenna. Girl Wag Cheated The
Perils of Matrimonial Advertisements
Lying: Letters of Recommendation.
We cut the following from the
Washington Chronicle:
"The hearing of the application of
habeas corpus of Nina Burr, to obtain
her child H orn Philo Burr, the child's
grandfather, was- resumed yesterday
before Judge Wylie.
Judge Wylie, upon the opening of
the court, said that since the adjourn
ment he bad engaged ail his time ex
amining the evidence which had been
taken before the Equity Court in the
divorce case at present pending. He
spocc as lollows
Frank Burr, the object of the pres
ent proceeding, is a child about eleven
months of age. son of Frank A. Burr
and Nina H. Burr. The parents were
married the 7th of January, 1867, at
itavenna, 1'ortage county, Ohio, the
residence at that time of Mrs. Burrs
parents. Frank A. Burr was then a
clerk in the United States Treasury
Department at Washington. At her
marriage Mrs. Burr was but nineteen
years of age.
LETTEES OP RECOMMEXDATIOX FROM
HIS CLEEGTMAX.
Previous to their marriage the par
ties had Known each other personally
but a few days had never seen each
other until he went on to be married.
He was a church member, and a mem
ber also of the Yog Men's Christian
Association of this city, as well as a
correspondent of one or more pa
pers, lie toot with him to the west,
on that occasion; letters of recom
mendation from the Key. Dr. Gurley,
and other gentlemen of high character i
and position.
FUN, LOVE AND MATKIMONT.
He had published in some newspa
per an invitation addressed to young
lauies, in viung corresponaence witn a
view to matrimony. I have' not
found among the evidence. in this case
a. copy or that advertisement. We
are Safe in assuming, however, that it
set torth, in the most favorable terms
to himself, all the facts just stated
that he was a member of the church
aud of the Young Men's Christian
Association, a clerk in the Treasury,
etc. The invitation met the eye of
Miss Spalding, and was answered.
PHOTOS EXCHANGED
led to a correspondence and an ex
change of photographic portraits, and
in a brier period a matrimonial en
gagement followed, neither of the
parties having seen the other. The
marriage took place soon afterward.
It was a thoughtless and imprudent
act on the part of both especially so
on her part. Her parents seem- to
have made no serious opposition. She
was an attractive, accomplished and
indulged child, and was permitted to
take this important or all steps in her
life, uncontrolled by them.
DRUNKARD, LIAR AND HYPOCRITE.
Edinburgh, on the 3d
John Hngbcs
HUGHES PFIL.K. Tn
Inst.. by Rev. J. Brown. Mr.
f-h K'I,-nourSl. aud Jfiss Amelia Ptile, oi
AIATS KIBTLAND. In Poland,- Mahonine
v., JT m. 7 J'BV. llfT. u mars.
A-sur oi i-restyterian CHurch. raoli, Kansas
U.K. JENNINGS, D. D. S.
Operative and Mechanical
D E K T I S T
Inserts Artificial Teeth on the 'following ap
proved Imses-, aud oi' the vkhy.best matkuiaj.s,
at .1, .'.11 i
Continuous Gum (upper or lower
sets)
Porcelain (upper or lower sets)!.'!
Gold (upper or lowor set)
Aluminum, equal to Gold, (tipper
or lower)
Bubber without mercury in it, '(up
per or lowor set-s)
S. S. White's teeth uspd ia all cases
link W AKK AXTKD.
Proportional prices for partial sets.
I make a spccialtv nf fliiiuo- -aai nu
Filling: and up, according- to size and local-ir7.-.JTreatin8'Bn"
correcting: irregularities in
Children's tcoth linnn strinfhc c-intifl., t..mrtL-
dles.
T. K. JEXXIJTGS, D. D. S.
Office over 9d National Bank, Ravenna. Ohio.
Sept. Si. 18TO. lOS-lf.
flOO.OO
60,00
60.00
80.00
20,00
and the
H. T. CLARK.
S TTRO EO X DENTIST
ARTIFICIAL
TEETH
Inserted on all the ap-
profwi oases, ana warranted.
A. Correct fit rftttn nrn.rnr m...,
A full upper or lower set of Teeth, Bobber
Especial attention naid to treatment nf Hiii.
eased teeth, and all irregularities of children's
teeth. Office directly opposite Etna F.ouse.
to s. jt m enop. umce nours.
sua i m r. ai. 14U-IT.
A. I. E..B. Haley's Adyertisement.
A; M.& E. B. Iligley's
WEEKIA"
Produce Price List:
Choice Ilutter 50c tr.
Fresh Eggs .nc f 'loz.
Choice Tn hie Lard loo p IS.
Rancid Lard (lor cheese grease,).. 8c. V a.
Beef Tallow, (as to quality) fi to 8e ft.
Dried Apples, choice cored..' 6c t lt.
Beans choice hand-nio.kerl fti fin b lm
Choice Honey in original p'k's.. JSo f lb..
Beeswax as to quality- au to 25c p lb.
Old Oats (per bu. of 3S lbs.).-. 40c f bii.
New H-i.. .i i...
Corn (per lm. of cars)... '.".'..'.33c Imi!
1871. 1871.
FURRY KING
Arenow oITci ingtotliegoo.1 pcopleof this coun
ty, the reyioita beyond, the best
CAREi AGES of all Styles.
A. M. E. B. Higley
ray 18c per lb
for Choice Table Butler
over Doage
from 8 to 12 A.M..
J. e. Prentiss', AuTfirtiSRiiisiits.
1871 1871.
SEPTEMBER;
a f d w a r e
FOB THE
FALL TRADE.
CORN CRADLES.
Hand made, from Hie best of timber, and Sil
ver Steel ScTtlles inst the thinir for cutting
sowed corn or buckwheat. Also. Corn Knives
and Corn Hooks, Potato Hooks four and six
Macu. Aito opuaing or a ocato j; ors:s.
HORSE POKES.
A new thing, and the bp-i i it use.
IX GREEXBACIvSj
And will buy anything below choice
at its valno.
Good Rutter is one of the (jkeatest luxtiiiks
oi me came ana notmng hut the most scnu
Ions enrennd neatness can secure it.
A. M. E. B. Higley
Have established an Order Demand for' Finn
Table Butter. 101) Welsh Tubs each week, nml
will give good butter makers the benellt if thev
will accent the onDortunitv of scllinir nt mrli
Prices as last as made. Good Butter Kspecial
ly Commends the Housewife.
A. M, E. B. Higley
After their marriag-e they came im
mediately to this city. This was ear
ly in January, 1867. It was not lonsr
before she awoke from her delusion,
and began to realize the hopeless hor-
ors ot her condition. She .had been
eared in comfort, and she found her-
Bclf in straightened poverty. She
had dreamed she was marrying a gen.
tleman, and she found herself allied
to a man of jealous and tyrannical
temper, and of coarse and unsympa-
thising nature. She had fancied she
was marrying a Christian, and found
him to be a drunkard, a liar, and a
hypocrite.
It was enough to drive a girl like
her to madness.
STEALS HER CHILD AND IMPRISOX8 HEB
FATHER.
She had informed her father that
she desired to leave the city and take
her child with .her. aud savs she in-
informed her husband of it also, and
that when her father came to this city,
Frank Burr, in company with a col
ored detective; went and by force and
strategm stole the child away- from
her aud locked her father1 tip in a
watch-house, where he was kept all
night. It was astonishing that the
human heart could have borne what
she did without being crashed. She
then applied for a divorce.'1
THE HUSBAND ATTEMPTS TO BLAST HIS
-wife's name, r
liurr undertook to retaliate upon
his wife by making charges .which, if
true, would blast her reputation, and
which the evidence eiiows were utter
ly false. Burr put. in. answer to the
divorce, i: which he made' these
charges, and then had the answer
printed m pamphlet form and (dis
tributed them to his friends. She had
a right to file her petition, -and I
think sho had a wonderful forbearance
in not filing it before. i;--
she is without stain.
I see no fault in her-course. After
printing and distributing the answer,
he, on the 21st of the present month.
died, and now the mother comes into
this court and demands possession of
the child. She is manifestly entitled
to it, unless she is an improper person
to have the custody of it. But, the ev
idence satisfies me that she is without
a stain upon her character., I have
spoken in terms somewhat harsh, but
brod forbid that any sentimentality
has ever influenced me or this court
to sacrifice the reputation of a living
woman when the truth demanded it.
LET THE CHILD GO TO ITS MOTHER.
He said what he did after a careful
examination of the testimony. The
Court must decide according to the
weight of evidence, and the opinion
which he had uttered was based upon
that evidence. .7
In referring to the testimony of a
man named Eicholtz, he said he must
be the greatest wretch on earth, and
"I am satisfied that what he said is
false' His story is .wholly improb
able, aud sustained by 110 evidence..
A number of the friends of Mrs:
Burr advanced and congratulated her
in just triumph.
The counsel for the respondents
then took the child from Mrs. Bush
(the sister of the deceased Frank Bnrrt
and advanced with it in his arms to
Mrs. Burr, who took it carefully, and.
after-weeping bitterly, pressed it close
to iier bosom, ihe occurrence created
the most intense feeling in the oourt,
and was really an affecting scene.
The parties then separated.
CORN BASKETS.
A larsre assortment of bushel, hnlf-bnshcl.
CLIMAX" TAKING MACIIIXE.
A new thiiiir: made verv-strouir and durable.
This niacliHie pares, cores aud slices the apile
r.-ady lor drying. Ami apples sliced by tins
iiiaciiiiie, Peiu pericciiy pared and irec 1mm
coie, bring Hi.: liiKlit al market price. A liushtl
of common sized apples can be prepared lor
drying- in twenty minutes. Call and see the
machine. I have also the "Turn Table,"
Ughtn ins" and "Conqueror 1'arers.
BLAKCHARD CHURNS.
I shall, in a few days, receive a large lot of
these elebrated Churns. All Churns of this
make purchased of me can be returned, if not
JUST WHAT VO.tT WANT.
"ECLIPSE" X-CUT SAW.
This is a new Saw, and one which hits, after a
fair trial, proved itself by actual use, the fast
est and Kasiest Cutting cross-cut Saw ever in
vented.. The lance tooth (leteen the inkers)
in this Saw cuts up tho saw dust, thus enabling
the rakers to clear it quicker, aud the Saw lie
incr then less cloirired with saw-dust tlum anv
otlicr, w-ill, of -eoiiie,ie free to cut luster and
woi-K easier, it is irvound four iramres iliintiAi
on tne uacK, making- it cut easier ami taster, and
run with less set- It is what his looir been
wanted a vekv iiafid cutting a.i iisr
VOlChINU saw.
1 have also the cclehrfltpfl ri-iitt TruiTii
Saw.; Both of Ihescapital Baws nre sold very
cheap.
TABLE CUTLERY.
A fine assortment of the r.plehrati f r.m.n
Eiver goods, superior in style aud finish to
most American or foreign makes. j
POCKET CUTLERY.
I5est American nnd English make. Also a
very line article oi SUEAUS and SCISSORS.
'OUSTS.'
Ataxic and double Guns, ttt finest -Rnh-li-h an.t
Belgian make, at nav iow prices.
REVOLVERS AND PISTOLS.
One. two. five and seven shooter i1m Pro.
tector," a new and splendid aeren-sliooter, and
very desirable patterns.
CARRIAGE WHIPS.
A full assortment.
WRINGERS.
The Peerless" and "Eureka" HirlrAlil
and rhfapest Wrinsers in the market, firing
I ttit in buck if you ilou't like them.
Water Drawers,
uruin &iiovcig,
Itat and Mouse Traps, r
j.usn hooks ana liusn ttiics,
Axes. Maitoi ks lirub noes.
Coin -heller. Cutting Itoars.-
ixVTING IRONS.
Buv Butter accordfner to aiialitr. and earn est) r
ass: uutter-maKers to rtAi, laukstand and
t-UT in r-HAOTicK rules lata aown in tne toiiow.
ing Extract from the Beport of the Commission
of A srriculture.
There is not within the whole ran ire of agri
culture so large a product liable to so lance a
per cent, of depreciation as Butter. The amount
of the butter crop of the United states is esti
mated at t85.000.000. Of this it may be said one
half might be sold for five cents more per lb.
At the present time scarcely one firkin in four
opens perfectly sweet. This deterioration aris
es not from any real chemical or practical dilli
culty, but from want of knowledge or want
OF CARE in its manufacture.
Butter is mostly an oil so well fixed that it is
quite unsusceptible of chemical change. Cream
is a peculiar mixture of this oil and certain wa
tery fluids found in tho milk. Churning con
sists in so agitating the cream as to cause the
butter globules to adhere to each utber'. Now,
as the principal part of the butter is not expos
ed to decay, it becomes a fair subject of enqui
ry, what is the cause of so large a per cent, of
butter loosing its sweetness so soon?
1. Milk beinfir of itself one of the most "rier-
ishable of animal products, -its decomposition
may have gone so far before the removal o the
cream as to contaminate tne muds 01 tho cream
and it so, then the butter, wheu first made, has
already within it putrescent material -which
will very soon infect the whole.
a. r.ven it tne cream were entirely sweet the
milk remaining: in the butter will soon decav.
and if not removed will, of course, deteriorate
the butter. The practical questions, then, are,
WHEN TO BEHOVE THE CREAM. AND HOW TO VRRE
THE BUTTER FROM THE BUTTER- MILK.
As to the first it is desirable to allow the milk
to stand as long- as possible in order to secure
all the cream; but m doing this, there is risk of
sfjuiiiiig- uw wiiuib. xuereai uecay OI IHe milK
is indicated, not oy its thickening as .it sours,
but by the watery effusson following the thick
ening. The cream may remain till this thick
ening process is complete witbout exposure to
the butter but not longer. The cream should
not, for the same reason, be kept too long after
being removed from the niiik before churning.
The process of churning and dressing or
wui-kiok mo outier are as various ana valnalile
as tnere are intelligent and careful housewives
but in every successful method there must be
essential the thorough removal of the but
ter-milk, to accomplish this, some recom
mend, two or three washings of the butter in
cold water till the water brings away no butter
milk, whilst others rely upon thorough work
ings. Bnt whatever method is used, the remov
al of the butter-milk is indispensable.
As the milk is warm in the process of churn
ing, the first requisite of the butter on heinir re
moved -is to be cooled. A small amount of'
salt may be worked in wit as little stirring as
possible, and then it should be placed where it
will cool rapidly. After a few hours it is
worked, adding as much salt as mat be need
ed to prepare it for market. Care should be
TAKEN THAT THE SALT 18 FINE. PUKE, AND GOOD.
A LITTLE MORE THAN AN OUNCE PER POUND IS
sufficient. Five or six hours after the butter
is to be worked again the manner of work
ing BEING TO PRESS WITH A LADLE OR BUTTER
scoop, not cut It through nor spat it, the most
iviuuiuu uwmiim auu tuc puvrcst ui ai(.
Our, Reputation is First Best
for making
Dttrahle and Easy t
Itunnlna Work"
oxria
riatfoinv Express "Wagons
-i win distance
Auyt' Tlirce-Spriiior CONCERN
made, by carrying (i SBmc weight of wag
on) a larger load nnl do itcusier,
us actual tests sliow.
MONEY WAY BE SAVED,
by tmy pni-fcv in vantof .1
Ii E A K S E,'
by calling on us before purchasing.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
llarcnna, MnySS, 1871. 149-fcf,
.Carriage
.Works.
Alliance
nu'mSff WXhasc'1 the shops formerlv oc
actory, corner of Market and Liberty streets'
Alliance, Ohio, I am prepared to do any ami alf
dT,.;."htheMa,'ri",??, I'i,'e' ueane!. an,
despatch, i bare u line stock of
FINISHED WORK ON HanD,
which I will sell at the lowest possible figures
and will guarantee it equal to anv work dono
in Ohio, in
Style,
Finish
and Durability
Thankful for the very liliorul patronace re
ceived during tho paamre years, I hone by Inst
U honest dealing, to merit a continuance of the
Repairing, Painting and Trimming,
none to order, and ns good as the best. A
work warranted as represented.
Call and see for yourselves.
''i I- CARBIXGTON.
or the late firm of Caris A Carrington.
Alliance, O., Aug; 16, 18T1, 160-6m.
All
Tie Collins. Boot Store Bazar Adyer-
v tiscrats.
Miss E. II. Collins Co..
To-day dpan a Book and Variety Store, in Ra
venna, in Little's Block, ilnin 'Street, south
side, nearly opposite- the east end of I'henix
Block. .1
Book and Stationery Department.
Standard and Miscellaneous Books, a good
supplyall tho School Books used in this vicin
ity, and all new boots received as soon as pub
lished. School and general stationery, a full supply
always on hand.' 1
Initial Price Jewel Caskets, i
Beautiful Initial Paper, one quire of tinted pa
per, and one pack of envelopes good quality, in
each box, and each box contains a prize. These
prizes range from 25c -to $10,00.: Call and exam
ine these beautiful caskets.' ,i. j.
:A new and very desiratle kind. Ladies, call
and see tlicra A Iso those fln.e imported Shears
uiii.i ccisurs, inc nesc ining lil.ulo.
STEUBENVILLE NAILS,
And as low as any good Sail Vail is told in Die
county, a general stocK Ul
HARDWARE,
At lowest rate,"-'.'
t J. C. FMEXTISS.
KavVnna, Sept. 6, 1S71, 150-tf.
For keeping fbr family use. stone iars are un
Questionably the best. Tor nark i no- for inni k.-t.
a new tub never should be used until it has
BEEN THOROUGHLY SATURATED WITH A STRONG
BRINE. Cover the bottom of the tub with m. thin
sprinkling of salt, and pack solid; and placing
i a cloth over the top, sprinkle on a thick layer
of salt, pouring on a gill of water to form an
nic-MMufe-voTenngoi orine. v nen at is to be
sent to market, the brine should lie nnured nir
a .(ill. oiiiuKllllj ul call, iniu Ull.
Butter is a luxury only v, lien it it is fine, and
win men command tne nignest price. In its
ucneci condition it must oe a fine golden yel-
iiiw. nut wuira. HireaKm or ma -n m rim irruin
suonid oe urm, notspongy, soapy," or salvv.'
It must lie fine Savored and not' too salt. To
have butter of this ilescriiition .h mu- m.i.t
run In sweetfecd. (he milk vessels be perfectly
clean, and the milk and 'creum kent Id ...wif
oi-y cellar, rue nutter sdouki be entirely free
from butter-milk, but not worked so much iu tn
Inilim th dm in AKaak1I t. a 1 I 1 c
salt must be used. Most ot the salt contains li W
I ma u.hi.h 1... nK 1 1. I i. '.I I
butter, form in t- a soanv substance. Tb Asbtnn
oait can always oe relied upon, as it is entirely
iiw imiH iiiiiv, auu vt Liie nucsc Jiavvr.
Gold Fens.
We are the sole agents for Portage county for
the justly celebrated
T MOIllJOS GOLD PEN,
one of the oldest, and acknowledged to bo one
of the very best pens in the market. It is unex
celled and, uncqualed by any other. Call and
see these pens, and get a pamphlet describing
them, at the Collins Book Store Bazas.
E. II. COLLINS A CO.
E.ivenna, Jpne 88, 1871.
Toys, Fancy Goods, China and Bohemian
Ulass Vases,
A full line in all these styles of goods.
Dollar Jewelry.
Bcantifnl and fashionable pattern. A full
stock of Milton Gold Jewelry, from which
purchasers may have their choice for one dol
lar,. Unusual bargains in this line of trado nre
here offered. 2 l -i
XAdlea' Heady-Made Clothing Department
.Ladies' buits, Ladies' Underwear. Aprons.
Children's Itcady-Made Suits, Cuffs, Collars,
Hats, Bonnets, Flowers, Buttons, a splendid as
sortment of Marsaillcs and Cambric Trimmings,
Eibbons, Gloves, Parasols, Hosiery. Hoop Skirts.
Thread, Silk, Needles, Perfumery, Ac, 4c
This department contains articles in too great
variety to bo enumerated, and is especially
commended to the attention and -inspection of
the Ladies.
.News Depot.
A News Depot will be inaugurated, where all
the leading publications, tho current popular
literary papers, and dally papers can be ob
tained. Orders, and. the names of subscribers
are solicited to sustain this Department. Please
let us hare a share of the New Depot Custom
of -the VHlnge and County.
Webster's Dictionary Unabridged.
v Get the Best," and get it where it 'can bo
bought the cheapest. Don't pay fl3 for Web
ster's Dictionary Unabridged, the price at
which it has been .sold for. several years past
when yon can obtain it (copies warranted- full
and perfect) for-Ten Dollars of us.
The Collins Book Store Saxar
Presents a stock oi new goods and good goods,
just purchased for cash and at reasonable prl-
cos, an inspection of all which is solicited..
Bcmember the location as announced above
at the big BOOK Store Sign.
E. H- COLLINS CO.
Ravenna, Juno H, 1871.
A. M. E. B. Higley
GAREETTSVILLE HOUSIL Wanf y0a
J"" 1 J-LW u kM member in butter the valuo depends uuon
Isaao Pnrkar A. Son, Prop-rs.
A liliANGEMBNT
IN
ALIIAKCE,
HAVING leased the well-known simps for
merly occupied by Caris Carrington, for
H W.nu or vears. I Will continue to carry on the
business in all its branches. Having a good
and reliable set of hands, 1 know I can give
satisfaction, and bavijg no great aiuouut ol in
terest money to pay, I can sell mv work cheap-
Thanking the people of Portage- and adioin
1 ing counties for tli'.ir lilieial iun
the past five years. nd hope bv honest dcalinic.
to merit a contiuuaice of the same.
REPAIRING,
i 1 PAITVrTrTVfl
and TRIMMING,
done to onler. as coed and ax rhmin s i-.
done in any place.
'1VAXER TIIE SIRE SUBDUED,
A tlisnatoh from Chicasro. rfn.te.ri
October JOtfi, 9 o'clock "savs-i f'There
was a ueavy ram last night, and the
fire ia all out.
STILL ANOTHER FIRM.'
CuiCAcro, Oct, 103 :10 n. m. "Word
is just received that a fierce fire Is ra
ging on Thirty-first street. This street
is two miles south of the southern
lire limit on the South Si.ln. niwi lltrln
less tliau that from the limit mi ih
TVcet Side. This has boon set On fire! I
i-.. .1.
im- uifi purpose eviuentiy, of (les-(rpyjng-
.tho rbmainln part of the
AURORA.
Cohbespondekce.
Aurora is tho happy possessor of two Societies
for tho Improvement ef the Town, and the two
churches in particular. One of them is the Mil.
tual-Co-operatire-KInancial-Art-and-Historical
Aid-Society-Aggregation;" tho other is known
as the "I(dlevScwing-Rsllefi-TlioatriOAl-Pttn.
tomline-Ttbleaux.and Commercial Combina
tion." Wednesday and Thursday afternoons
and evenings are demoted to the objects of the
organizations, and are generally characterized
by a general good time and a liberal receipt of
"tin." There is no rivalry between tbo two en
terprises, and each seems deeply engaged in
beautifying the two bouses of worship, and, not
ouly make thorn attractive to mortals, but also
acceptable to God.
Gen. Kelson Egglostou, formerly a resident of
this village, has purchased the farm of W. H.
Harmon, at the Centre, aud will nt once remove
back to bis old homp, Mr, Haj-mop, jqea to 8q-
jon.
T
rpiIE Proprietors having leased the above
a muse,riperiiiuiy iiiiorms tiK-ir friends and
the miblic jrenei-allv. thiit he im wmunu..
me varrei.viiie noose, ann in prepared to sup
ply the table with the host tha mm Lot an-nrrra
at low prices. Persons vititing Ouirettsville
even for a lay, will find this House a borne.
iuimnssuM ibavm una hah i..i- BH..I..V
night trains. I57-tf.
Sheriffs Sale.
The SUto of Ohio, Portage Couuty. ss.
TN pursuance to the command of an or.lerofl
jl sate, iiirected to me Ivoin the Court of com
mon Pleas Of Portaore Countv. in the caiira Af I
jonn uurnett, L'laiutifT, and Lyman Smith, et
nis uelendants, I shall oner for sale at public
uiiwu, ni uivutMir ui ine vourt iiouso Hi lta
velum, county and State. Hforenald, 011
MONDAy, XIIK !t!i 1AV OF OCTOBt;n, 1871,
between the hours of 10 o'clock. A. M. and 4
P. M. of said day, the followlug described prop,
erty to wit, situate in the township of charles-
iwuv ui -urcngonnu eitnteoi unto, and
known as being as being part of lot No. 86, and
Beginning at llio nothwest corner at a stone
iu tho town line, in tho renter of tho highway
thence east aloifg the renter of said hiaiiwar
ti cuiiins nwmi links toa stone: thence south
ncir. east, gy chains to a stone; thence north
rtf deg. wt 7 i-hains, IlKlluks: thenee south V
leg west, chains. St-links to a stone; thence
Itf.t-lll Hill .l..,m ......I 11 .J..I.. urt ,.'i. T
V 4 r." ,i4Mt llUk HI B
in
80 1
ess
sold
A tit It'll ISIWI ML ftlL IlitP B1MI
OTIS b. PAINE, Shorlfl".
Vf. B. Thoa. PlaintifTs Attornrv,
Shkrifk s Office, Kttvcnna.O.
Sept. I, 1871, 181-ow.
ro
il n deiiemla iiiwin tl,A
v. iw iiinuuittociira. xiarrynkcn, you
can make the standard of Western Keserve Itnt-
KfieJyourl your Money's Worth
pure Asbton salt; follow the above directions in
Its manufacture; pack in Welsh Tuba and your
i, 1 vuiuuiiiiiu 1110 111 ill..-. 1. 1 ricu.
I also have a fine lot of
0?EN AND TOP BUGGIES
on hand, of the best qnnlitv which I wish to
close out this fall, and will sell as cheap, or
cheaper, than any other shop iu Ohio.
All jvork warranted Equal to- any iu
the State.
Come anil see for voursolves. Shop West
Main street, next to Al. K. limit li.
J. CAB1S.
of the iato firm of Cm-Is ,t Caniugton.
Alliance, Aug- 81st, 1871. Ml-Siu.
A. M. E. B.
Hlff
o
ley
Tr targe swok 01 weisn Tuiis and pure
Ashton Salt constantly on hand, a id pnv tho
u.kuvoi, a 1 w iu uivcuiMiuhB ior vnoice liuilel,
and buy otlior .qualities nt their value.
A. At. K. B. 1IIGLKY
Windham, Ohio, August 1st. 18T1.
i '."V v, i'i ih inin- wcnaius,.
j Si Wl 0Yi'"VPlf' ooutaiuing
r,(" i;"i liimi. m inv same more or 1
sultrcct to legal high wavsr apd being land
by Plaintiff toO-. L. Kenton.
Machinery
-(ONSI3TIa oi
Itolling, and a
ior Sale,
0i??.,.8t,'tof.,B?.llFi EnRtn. Shafting,
lioltinh. and a Hall khinr!v i.hi.. .r'
tbillff COIllliletO tO IlinkA' Ihinu'liM 'l'l. v
it illfl 1 nf Hiilnin n, it .J?,- I...11.
UourlngmiU. aud has done that work nvri
ycai-s. Evuiy thing new or nearly so. Ctreum.
au;v9 uru vnniiiuTi me 10 sen this Hachinorv
at a groaf bargain. Yll0 will havu it,
JfW BaTHaidn., Stat eJJ.O.
A. M. E. J3. Hiirlcv
HATE FAII.ED
To reduce the price of Butter, bnt continue to
pay eighteen cents for choice qualities of fresh
harhand buy other qualities at their valuo:
fcy Immediate delivery wanted. Prompt
PHy guaranteed. jr$g 1
Winds a, O., sp. Bth, 1K, im,
Moving Buildings.
rTlIIK uiulei-signed. having the onlv eoniplelo
I set of tools for moving buililiugs. within
thirty miles of Ravenna, and haring had six
teen years exiwi-ieuco in the business. M ill tnke
contracts for moving buildings of unv dimen
sions with ntoniptness, without dmiiago ami
for reasonable charge Apply iu iH-rsou or ad
dress WM.CLlNE. Itavcuua, O.
P. 8. I wish' tho public to understand that
while I do not pnHse lo work tor ltsa prices,
or in uulhir competition wilh honorable and
competeut workmen iu mv line, I do wish to
say that I will move huildiugs chcaiK'r than
HiLL SMITn, either by tho day or Job. Iran dw
work better anil cheaper than the alorvsnld
Smith, let his futures be as low as he daro mmn
down. WAI. CLlXt.
July So, 18T1. 15S-tf.
WANTED,
rpHK highest murkel price In CASH will bo
a I'tiHt iur vicar, ury
O.nt. Straw,
At the DIAMOND GLASS WOBUS.
llM-f. Ilavenna. Ohio.
Sheep for Sale.
rpiIK subscriber will sell nt prirate alc. en
JL his larin in Slialersville. four hundred
Su.ek Sheep. l AKTIH iiOOOKLL,
MialersvUle. SepL S-' JWl, ItU.-4
V
v4