THE MORNING STAR
VOL. IV. NO. 121.
TELEGRAMS
TO THE MORNINO STAR.
[BY AMERICAN PRESS ASSOCIATION.]
GABLE DISPATCHES.
The Alabama Claims Commis-
sion Complete.
DANGEROUS ILLNESS OF
THE COUNT DE PARIS.
FBOM WABIHNGTON
Aquatic and Turf Sports*
More Bodies Fi und in Chicago
GENERAL NEWS OF INTEREST
OVER THE WIRES.
PROVIDENCE AND VICINITY.
THE ALABAMA vLAIMI.
The Commission of Arbitration Now
Complete—Brasil’s Itcprcsentative.
Paris, Oct. 24.—Senor Itubsja, the Brazilian
Minister to France has been appointed by His
Majesty the Emperor of Brazil aa the fifth
member of the commission of arbitration on
the Alabama claims. By this appointment, the
commission is now complete, and it is ex*
pected that the first meeting will take place in
Geneva very shortly.
Neri out Illness of the «le Faria-
Paris, Oct. 24.—The Count do Paris ia lying
dangerously ill, suffering from an attack of
acute broncbitia. Mis physicians pronounce
bis condition extremely critical, and grnve
fears are expressed by his friends that bis
malady may have a fatal termination.
RPAIW,
Prospective Heir to the Crown-
Madrid, Oct. 24,—The advent of a prospec
tive heir to the crown of Spain, is looked for
ward to with much interest in court circles.
FROM WfiMfISHTON.
Treasury Balances.
Washington, D. C.,Oct. 24 —The following
were tho Treasury balances at the closeof busi
ness to-day :—Currency, (5,110,43146; Coin,
(95,912,070 41; Coin Certificates, (15,613,500 00.
SPOUTING MATTERN,
Tachtiuß—Ths Livonia Beaten by the
New York, Oct. 24.—The race between Ash
bury’s yacht Livonia and Bennett’s yacht
Dauntless, for a silver cup valued at (2*o, came
off this afternoon. The course was twenty
miles to windward from* the light ship. The
Dauntless won after an exciting contest. Tho
start was at 11:4fl. The Dauntless reached the
light ship at 3:22.05, and the Livonia at 3:36 30.
On the return, the Dauntless reached the light
ship at 5:18.30, and the Livonia at 5,28.32, the
former winning, according to corrected time,
by six minutes and three seconds. They will
race again to-day.
Opening Bay of the Maryland Jockey
Flab Meet lag, at Baltimore.
Baltimore, Md., Oct. 24.—The opening of
the meeting of the Maryland Jockey Club, to
day, at the Pimlico race course, was very fav
orable, the attendance being large and tbe track
In good condition.
The first race of tbe meeting was a hurdle
race—dash of two miles over eight hurdles.
Won by Vesuvius, beating Dick Jackson sec
ond, Astronomer third, and McDaniel’s ch. g.
three years old, distanced. Time—3:3B 1-2.
For the Reunion Stakes—a dash of two miles,
stake (6,loo—there were forty-seven nomina
tions; but all were withdrawn in favor of D.
McDaniel’s Harry Brassett, and be was walked
over the course.
The third race was for the Annie’s Wood
ptakes, for two year olds, and was well con
kested. There were five starters. Grey Planet
Iwas tbe favorite, and won in 1:17 14.
In the fourth beat, for the Pimlico Stakes,
Bwo miles heat for a purse of (1,500, M. H.
ißandford’s br. c. Harkness had a clean walk
lover the course.
I The fifth and last race of the day was a com
pensation handicap, distance two miles, for all
Mes, for a purse of (SOO, of which (500 went to
the fiat, and (100 to tbe second. There were
Bums.
FiiANCIS.
Dauntless.
seven entries. Won by Sandford's Madame
Dudley, Babcock's Nellie Ransoms second.
Time 3:38.
FROM CHIC4GU.
Political Ai
Special Losses—Finding of More
Bodies.
Chicago, 111., Oct. 2L—The Republican and
Democratic county commissioners held a con
ference to-day, and decided to join In nominat
ing city and county officers at the ensuing elec
tion. It is believed an excellent ticket will be
made up.
The southern division was lighted with gas
to-night, for the first time since the fire.
Few calls are being made on the banks.
The insurance money, which is pouring in,
swells the deposits.
The dealers in cattle, "grain, provisions and
lumber are now doing business as before.
Most of the merchants will resume aa soon as
houses are ready.
The actual amount of grain destroyed by the
fire as now ascertained, was 6,213,197 bushels,
chiefly wheat.
The loos to the contractors of the Pacific
Hotel is about $lOO,OOO for material. Their
total loos io $200,000. The erection of the
building will probably be finished by another
company,
Two more dead bodies were fonnd to-day
under ruins, charred beyond all possibility of
identification.
GOTHAM Mt'
Watching for the Russian Fleet.
New York, Oct. 24. A dispatch from Sandy
Hook, says the fog is so thick that nothing can
be seen a few miles from the shore. The offi
cers of the Oceanic, which has arrived off the
Battery, are extremely doubtful whether the
vessels at the bar belong to the Russian fleet.
They were unable to distinguish anything but
the mere outlines.
•»ho Insurance Convention
re-assembled to-day, but adjourned without
having transacted any business of importance.
Labor iteform and Tammany Bomlna-
The Labor Reform party met to-night and
made nominations for the Assembly.
The Tammany County Convention met to
night and surprised the Reformers by nominat
ing Judge Ledwith for the Supreme Court.
Judge Shandley was nominated for Register,
and Judge Daley for Judge of the Common
Pleas.
Mod ideations of the Foley Injunction.
On motion for the department of public
works for the modification of the Foley injunc
tion, Judge Barnard rendered a decision this
morning, modifying so far ss to permit the
carrying on and completion of works of a per
manent character, but that the monies for such
purposes should not be used for the ordinary
expenses of the department.
Jqdge Ingraham to-day decided a motion for
modification of the Foley injunction order, as
made on behalf of the department of public
parks and department of public docks. To
the department of public parks he gives a man
damus for (200,000, for observatory, museum,
and Eighth avenue Improvements and to the
dock department, a mandamus for (500,000, for
various works.
Kepubllcans En Masse.
Tbe Republicans of this city and all those
citizens opposed to the men now in power and
to the Democratic State ticket, are to meet to
morrow evening at Cooper Institute in mass
meeting, to ratify the Republican State ticket.
Horace Greeley will preside. Senators Fenton,
Conkling and others will bo present.
A Rogng Check Operate- Caught,
B. 8. Downer, alias J. H. Ransom, alias
Harry Young, aud four other aliases—a most
notorious and successful check oporator—was
captured on Broadway, to-day. Tbe detectives
have been tetrehing for him for four months.
He victimized Governor Morgan, of this State,
out of (5000, by a forged check; and a Toledo
bank out of (2500; St. Louis and Canada have
also been visited by htm, and the Dry Dock
Savings’Bank. This city is a loser to the ex
tent of (3000.
Weather Probabilities.
Washington, D. C., Oct 24-7:30 p. m.—
The barometer will probably continue high on
Wednesday from the Lower Lakes to the Mid
dle and Eastern Atlantic, with clear or clearing
and smoky weather. Cloudy weather will prob
ably continue on the South Atlantic Coast and
an area of low barometer extending from Mis
souri to Wisconsin, with easterly winds on
Lakes Michigan and Superior, No important
change is probable for the Gulf Coast.
A Case Involving the Character of Col.
James Fisk, Jr.
Brookltn, N. Y., Oct. 24.—Mrs. Josephine
Lawlor Mansfield, through her oouneel, moved
to-day to vacate tbe injunction restraining her
and others from publishing letters and docu
ments calculated to injure tbe character of
James Fisk, Jr. The latter’s counsel moved
to postpone the bearing, and the case was put
down for argument on Monday next.
A Pre else Work of Longitude asd Lati
tude.
Colvmrus, 0., Oct. 24.—C01. Dean of tho
United States Coast Survey, has been engaged
here several weeks in tho work of ascertaining
tbe precise latitude and longitude of Columbus,
as differing from that of Washington, D. C-,
aad Greenwich, England. The following are
the approximate results of his investigation
Longitude of Columbus West from Washing
ton, 5 degrees, M minutes, 80 seconds; longi
tude Went from Greenwich, England, fit dog
rone, 50 minutes, 87 seconds: latitude North,
39 degrees, W minutes,4o seconds. Decimation
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1871.
of Business
tions.
of the magnetic noodle East, 1 degree, 20 mln*
utes. During the work Col. Dean was in di
rect communication with the observatory at
Cambridge, Mass. Oso result of the work, is,
that it shows Columbus to be nearer to Boston
by three miles than has been hitherto under
stood. Toe meridian Uno has also been prop
erly defined and eslabhsbed by Cd. Dean and
the true parallel marked by stone pillars.
ABMWJKBUBT TKAWEDt.
A Band Loader Hess and Another M»-
eiciam Ntabned.
Newark, N.J., Oct. 24.—0 n Monday a negro
club left Paterson for this city on a picnic, ac
companied by Rudolph's Cotillon Band. The
band played for them tiU five o'clock, and then
stated they should return to Paterson. The
negroes declared they should not. A quarrel
ensued, resulting in the negroes hanging Wal
ter Rudolph, the leader of the band, and stab
bing Henry Walters, a musician. A party of
Irishmen attacked the negroes, or most of the
musicians would have been killed.
Miscellaneous Flashes.
—No news was received tn New York of the
Grand Duke Alexis at midnight.
—William Hines and Henry Dougherty, who
were injured by the foiling of the Brooklyn
bridge derrick, are dying.
—The Wall Street markets were extremely
dull yesterday. Gold was weak throughout
the day and dosed at 1.111 and l.llj.
—The subscriptions for Chicago, at the New
York Stock Exchange, in the aggregate, inclu
ding the private subscriptions of members in
other channels, amount to one hundred thou
sand dollars.
—A game of base ball between the Mutuals
and Allantics on the Capitoline grounds in
Brooklyn, yesterday, was won by the former
by a score of 24 to 8.
—The official report shows that the small-pox
cases in Philadelphia for the past three weeks
were 942; deaths, 131. The disease is the heavi
est in the Twentieth Ward, where the houses
are mostly built on made land. Thousands are
being vaccinated daily.
"Union" Campaign Temperance.
The meeting here to-day baa been in point of
Interest all that could be expected in this
place. It is In the most busy season of the
year when the harvest is being gathered and
none conld leave without making a sacrifice.
But the morning meeting was well sustained.
Messrs. Conant and Thompson led in the
exercises, and Mr. Spinning sung to the delight
of all.
At 2 o’clock the afternoon services com
menced, Rev. O. H. Fernaid presiding. M r
J. W. Hutchinson and Mr. Spinning did the
singing and Messrs. Thompson and Conant
gave addresses.
The afternoon service was devoted partially
to a children’s service. There was some dis
appointment felt in not hearing the "Rural
Song,” owing to tbe absence of "Henry,” who
is "some” in that song.
the evening
service was all that the most glowing expecta
tion could imagine. The hall wvs filled to over
flowing, the speakers in good condition, and
tho Hutchinsons spirited, and tho enthusiasm
kept up until the close. All classes were gath
ered there, intent upon the enjoyment of the
hour.
Mr. Thompson was received with great en
thusiasm, and will never be forgotten.
A delegation of five gentlemen ahd their la
dies was appointed to attend the State Conven
tion in Providence on Wednesday.
An adjourned session of tho Supremo Court
for the county of Bristol, commenced Its ses
sion in thiS'town this morning, Judge Dnrfee
presiding. After the opening of the court, the
case of Sophy DeWolf vs. Bristol Bank was
called. W. Hayes ioi* defendant, and J. Tur
ner, Esq., for plaintiff. The Jury was called,
and then proceeded to tho trial of the care ef
the codicil to the will of Mrs. Eliza Easter
brooks. The contestants of the will claim that
the testator was unable, by reason of impaired
mind, to attend to any business of such a na
ture. The examination of tho witnesses occu
pied several hours.
A delegation from the Baptist Association
was present, they having some interest at
stake. J. Tlllinghast of Providence was em
ployed as counsel for tbe defendants and J.
Turner for the plaintiff. At 0 o’clock the court
adjourned to Tuesday morning at 9 o’clock.
The annual meeting for the election of offi
cers of theY. M. C. A. was held at their rooms
on Monday evening. The following were
elected for the ensuing year:
President—L. A. Bishop, of St. Michael’s
C hurch.
Vice Presidents—E. S. Babbitt, St. Michael’s
Church; P. Skinner, Congregational Church;
A.T. Usher. Jr., Methodist Church; George
U. Arnold, Baptist Church, and George Tilly,
Advent Church.
Corresponding Secretary—W. J. Miller.
Recording Secretary—9. Pitman.
Librarian—R. 8. Andrews.
A lecture committee was also appointed.
We learn that tbe contract for tbe new school
house has been entered Into, aad that work
will be commenced In tbe course of a few days.
Tbe contractor Is said to be a gentleman from
Pawtucket where name we did not lean,
Oct. 28.
Lowell Sytveotor, of Westminster, Maos.,
while out gunning ia Wiaeboster. N.H., Satur
day. accidentally shot himself. Ho wae stead
ing looking into a tree, his gun breech on tbe
ground, when, from some unknown cause, the
gun discharged, tbe charge entering his neck
and severing the carotid artery. 0e died im
mediately. Two oompaaions wore with him,
Portsmouth, Oct. 23,1871.
Bristol.
LOCAL NBWB.
AB KIWKHGETIV’ BILL COLLBCTOB.
ahiv* a Cf»»’'»ftlrst few by the Warns
in I'aymomt tor "Morns" of Mbodo
Island Whiskey.
Every buine»< mu hat had more or leas ex
perience la the tallowing up of delinquent and
poor debtors, and many are the store etorles
of how "such and such" a bill waa collected.
Providsnoe has it* share of liberal business
men la the matter of tiring credit, aad the fol*
lowing story of collecting a whit key bill ex*
Mbits the determined will of a homo dealer in
the West India goods line, in the matter of
aquaring account* and giving a creditable ap
pearance to hie profit and loco abeet. From
East Thompson, Coan., there came to thia city
a man who waa endeavoring to make hie mark
In the world by getting riches in tbe llqnor
traffic. Making himself acquainted with an
extensive dealer here, be ventured
Into an account against himself to the
amount of about twenty-five dollars.
Down the throats of various villagers of tho
nutmeg town disappeared tho stock in trade,
but the footing up of receipts did not allowan
immediate payment to tbe Providence creditor,
and “time” passed considerably by the date
agreed upon. BUI after bill crossed the border
in Uncle Sam's mail bags, each request tar a
settling being met by continued delay. Leet
week, the city dealer waited in person upon hl*
debtor, ia search of hi* scrip, but none wss to
be had. An examination in tho worldly affair*
of the moneyless man, revealed the possession
of a cow; not an imported thoroughbred, but
a good milker and valuable animal. An oppor
tunity waa presented for settlamont, and
though Rhody's man didn't hammer on the
debtor's cow shed floor until be acquiesced to a
demand to part with his animal, there was a
worrying process pul ia practice that
forced such a result. The creditor dare
not leave tbe cow in that vicinity
over night, and with a bill collecting
determination worthy of credit, started on
foot lor thisolty, leading the cow by tho horns.
Tbe thirty-six miles of pedestrian Ism were
travelled, and tbe creditor, after three days of
personal work In the business of bill collecting,
sat himself down tn his office chair with tho
satisfaction of knowing ho waa free from legal
expense, and tbe cow which tho lawyers would
have milked was in his possession, and the bill
waspaid, Aa an interesting fact connected
with thia case, wo msy add that tho Provldenoe
dealer ia estimated to be possessed of this
earth's blessings to the amount, in cash, of
about $15,000, Can any member of the Board
of Trade show up a more persistent worker In
the dunning line?
[For Th* Star.
Ought Women to Vote I
1 am glad to learn by an announcement In
your paper, that a public diaonsslon of thia
question Is to lake place in our oily at an early
day, Woman Suffrage ranks among Che vita
and important themes of the day; and, having
already secured the advocacy of some of the
ablest minds in the land, cannot be winked out
of eight, nor put down by sneers and ridicule.
If put down at all, it must be by fair and open
argument which shall convince thoughtful mon
and women that evil, and not good, would be
the result of granting women the suffrage.
In my thought there are many weighty reasons
against putting the ballot into the hands of
women, but I believe the topic to bo worthy of
careful consideration <n ail the light that can
bo thrown upon it. In the proposed debate
hero both sides are to be represented by advo
cates of rare ability, who have positive convic
tions In regard to tno subject which they dis
cuss. Mrs, Livermore Is too well known to
require words of mine that she will ably and
eloquently present the affirmative of this ques
tion. Gen. Hall has a first-class reputation,
both as a writer and an orator, and no one
need to doubt that in the hands of such con
testants the strongest arguments, pro and con,
will be advanced. Let them have a fair field
and may the right get the victory.
lam I-Annual Maaaton Um (liavnlm*
Conference.
The Channing Conference, embracing the
JJnitarian Churches in Rhode Island and apart
of Massachusetts and Connecticut, holds Its
semi-annual session in the Westminster (Rev.
Mr. Woodbury's) meeting house, to-day, begin
ning at ten o’clock. The introductory discourse
was given last evening by Bev. Mr. Butler ot
Fairhaven, Massachusetts taking as his text
the 22<1 verse of the eighth chapter of Jeremiah:
"la there no balm in Gi lead Is there no phj
sician there f n The preacher began by show
ing the influence of the imagination on the life,
and proceeded to 11 ustrate the superiority of
Christ’s teachings. Calling up the words of the
Master, Mr. Butler brushed aside, as see re cob
web, various theories and dogmas that have
been imposed upon the world. The discourse
evinced an earnest faith in the Gospel of Christ.
It was a production worthy of the occasion.
Discarding alike the doctrines of St. Augustine
and those of the sceptical Benaa, he commends
the Christ of the New Testament. Adopting
the spirit of the introductory discourse, this
session of the Conference will prove both in
teresting and profl table.
A«t«*Ml Cmnflsre»eo eg ttoe Rhode
leiawd CowmroMastamat OfcwrelMo.
The Rhode Island Congregational Conference
assembled for lie Autumnal meeting with the
Beneficent Church, Bov. J, G. Voee, pastor,
yesterday morning.
At 10 o’clock a. m. the meeting was called to
order by the Moderator of the Annual Confer
ence, Bev. J. H. Lyon.
After two unsneeeeefnl attempts to make
choice ot a Moderator, a aeodon was made by
Dr. Biodget that Bro. Lyon, Moderator of the
PRICE ONE CENT
Annual Conference, preside at thia meeting.
Tho motion was carried.
Bro. F. tt. L<ttle wa* chosen Rcrlbe, aad R-jv.
N. Johnson assistant.
The foil* wing Church** were represented:
Barrington —Rev. F. Norton; CharlesN.
Bowden.
Brirtnl-T. Bhcpwd, D. D., Rev. I. P. Lane;
Bro* M
Central Falls—Rev. J. N. Lyon; Bro. Jo*.
Wood.
Kingston-Rev. J. H. Wells.
Little Compton—Bro. Alden 8. Simmon*.
Congregational-Rev. T. Thayer,
Newport Union
Rome.
North Acltuate—Rev. J. H. Mellieh.
Pawtucket-Rev*. C. Biodget, J.
Bro. R. Sherman.
Peaoedale—Rev. O. W. Fisher.
Providence—Benefice nt, Rev. J. Q. Vnee,
Bro* F. G, *ddtng; Free Bvangelloal, Rtv.
K. O.JBartletL Bro. F. P. Little; Elmwood,
BrM.<m. I. W.Colwell; Cen
tral, Bro.N, W. D*Munn, Bro. RamuelAlhm;
Union, Rsv. F. Olio, Bro. A. B. Arnold; Fib
grim. Rev. T. Laurie, D.D., Bro. B.W.Walker;
Charlea Street,
River Point,
Sistersville—Rev. O. B. Fitts, Bro. William
Pritchard.
Tiverton,
Westerly.
Woonsocket—Globe Church, Rev. H. K. John
son, Rro. U. L. Cook; Plymouth Church, Bro*.
Robert Blake and Hugh Aiken.
It waa moved that the reading of the rule*
and constitution be omitted. The committee
of arrangement* reported the order of tbe day,
and the tollowing no'nmlcteea wore appointed:
Committee on New Churches and Day of
Pravor-Dr. Blodgett, Rev. K. U. Bartlet, Joe.
Wood.
Committee on Collections for the Foreign
Christian Union—Dr. Lauai, Rro. Vote, Hon.
Robert Sherman.
The discussion on Systematic Bmevoleno*
Waa opened by Bro. M wo* K. Torrey.
Th* discussion was continued by Rev. T.
Laurie, D. D., Rev. T. ahapboru, .D., Hon.
Robert Sherman, Hon. A. Q. Baratow, Rev, X.
O. Bartlet, and Rev. 0. Biodgott. D.D.
Rev. M. Robb, Rev. Darnel flbepley, D D.,
and other clergy men pres ant wore invited to
participate in the dfaoUMlen.
Tho second question. Amusement*, wa*
opened by Bro. X. R. Holden.
Th* discussion wa* continued by Messrs.
Colvin, Fisher, Doe and Lane. Morning sec
tion closed with prayer by tho Rev. Mr. Robb.
TMfi AFT aRM OOM SMBION
wa* called to order at two o'clock, by tho Mod
erator, the Rev. Mr. Lyon, who announced the
first euhjaot tor discussion, “How can tho
Moral Influence* of the Churches be In
creased
At three o'clock tho aocond subject for dia
cuseion waa announced. “Method* of Personal
Religious Conversation."
Tbe discussions wore of much Interact and
tbe subject* ably handled by those taking part.
Report* were received,accepted and adopted
from the committee* on now church**, day of
IjniorT’ M>t AmerloMn and Foreign Chiistlan
Xdjourned to meet at haU paat seven o'clock
tn the evening.
RVRMIMO SRSSIOM.
The flrat part of tho evening wa* devoted to
a praise meeting, each person taking part la
tho exercise, reciting a verse of come familiar
hymn, and relating some Incident whereby it
had boon Improseed upon tho mind. The meet
ing wee particularly Intercaliug.
Foil iwlng the praise mooting was a sermon
of great power, delivered by the Rev. Joseph
J. Wooley of Pawtucket, CMC spanker selecting
as the text of hi* dlsoourse the last clause or
the 18v. chap. it., 21 Thessalonian*.
At the conclusion of tho sermon a vol* of
than he was extended to tbe pastor end congre
gation of tho ohnroh in which ihe Conference
wa* In *oe*lon, and tho Conference then ad
journed.
The attendance this season was much larger
thnn heretofore, and ia evidence of increasing
favor.
Teachers’ Im'ltufe at Chapaehet.
School Commissioner Bioknell is passing the
present week in the north part of the State,
visiting schools and delivering educational ad
dresses in the towns of Scituate, Foster qn<l
Gloucester.
Two appeal cases, one in Fos>r and the
other In Scituate are also to bo li tard during
this week, and on Thursday and Friday the
opening Institute of the season is to be hefd at
Chepachet.
Claws exerpisos, discussions, lectures, and
papers on various educational topics, inter
spersed wtih select rolling and exercises by
the school children, make up the programme.
Among the lecturers and teachers announced
to take part In the exercises, are Dr. C. H.*
Fisher of the St.ite Board of Education, who
presents a paper on “Healthy and Unhealthy
Schoolsßev. F. N. Piloubet of Attleboro’,.
Maes., who lectures on the •’Relations of the
Community to the School;” Commissioner
Bicknell, who speaks on the "Teachers’ Com
pensations;” and Mr. L. W, Russell of Bridg
ham School, on Composition writing, Read
ing, Ac. The hospitalities of the cftlsens of
Chepachet are extended to all attending from
other towns, and a large and enthusiastic
meeting is expected,
A “Cava” bae been unearthed on Fort Wal
cott, within a day or two, which is making
some little stir among the curious. It is proba
bly the remains of some old magasioe.
Dbvmkbm Bow oeeurred on Prospect Hili
street, in this city, last evening about half-past
ten o’clock, near the corner of Thames street,
in which several persons were mixed up, and
one or more received outs and bruises which
they will probably remember tor a day or two
at least. One man was carried of by the polios
and locked up.
A Dnuintnw Wo mam who was chasing her
mother about with an open knife in her hand,
on Mary street, at noon to-day, raised quite an
excitement and crowd, and was Anally carried
of by two policemen, kicking and screaming,
and resisting with all her might, and looked up
In the Police station. The licensing of the sale
of ram Is a big thing.
October M.
"Our doubts are traitors,
And make us lose the good wo oft would win,.
By fearing to attempt.”
Let no ouch qualms deter the iodise from
frying the Wood Sewing Machine, thereby 100
ng the good, ete., before purchasing. Hibbard
A Hawkias, agon to, No, IN Westminster street.
Newport.
M. Van