DAILY PKE3S.
POIiTLAA U
MONDAY NOVEMBER 13, 1871.
Organization of u Pretended Labor Be
form Party in fflaiue.
The preliminary steps are taken to organize
a Labor Reform party in Maine. When Mr.
Trevellick, President of the “National Laboi,
Union,” was here, a subordinate “Union
was established i:i this city, and Joseph B.
Hall and Albert H. Waite of Portland, and J.
jj Drake of Auburn, and Allison H.
Brown of Bath were appointed an executive
committee “to organize Labor Unions in the
State until a State organization can be effect
ed.” We have no doubt ttiat it is tbe inten
tion of tbe gentlemen who are in charge of
the movement here to have their organization
ready for the next State election. They in
tend to send delegates to the “National Laboi
Reform Convention” to be held at Columbus
Ohio, on tbe third Wednesday of February;
1872, to nominate Candidas for the Presi
dency and Vice Presidency.
Probably the real laboi ing men of Maine
will have a sufficiently intelligent apprehen
sion of their own interest not to engage in
thfi particular enterprise. There is a better
way—a much more effective and radical way.
The objections to the Trevellick plan are
these:
It is proposed to improve the condition of
the laboring man by quack remedies, such as
repudiation, the issue of unlimited green
backs and theatbltrary reduction of the boats
of labor. These questions are made use of by
adroit demagogues, like Gen. Butler aud Gen,
Sa® Carey, for the sole puipose of making
thetnsejves personally conspicuous, or of im
pairing the strength of the only political par
ty in America that has ever lightened the
burdens of the laboring man one straw’s
Weight. If ail that these seli-styled labor re
formers promise to the working mau were
given to him, he would be worse off than be
fore. TUe depreciation in paper money has
already cost the labor of the United States
millions of dollars, and the ruin, inevitably
following such inflation as Geu. Ewing, Pen.
dleton, Trevellick and Butler propose, would
fall on labor also. The only gain, so far, to
working men in other States from adopting
these pernicious principles has beeu to throw
the government, as in New Hampshire, inn
the hands of the party that relinquished a
the point of the sword the doctrine that capi
tal should own labor—the party that nos
cherishes its old hostility to free schools, t
the equal rights of the common people, t
registry laws that insure to all men their jns
weight in the control of affairs, and to reform
of every nature.
At the very start this political “labor re
form” movement in Maine fell into tbe baud;
of persons wbo are not laborers, but mere
capitalists with political aspirations. As
Sprague in Rhode Island, Carey !n Ohio and
Butler in Massachusetts attempted to revive a
wailing political career by an affectation of
interest in labor and laboring men, so tlx
wealthy Democratic candidate for Governor
of Maine undertook to eke out the slender re
sources of his party by an alliance with such
poor dupes as he could find who would be
iieve that the party of slavery and free run
was a party of labor reform.
This alliance between capitalists and labor
ing men is no new thing in history It is on<
of the-instrumentalities that partricians hav<
always made use of to maintain their posi
tion. Workingmen, instead of demanding
their rights, have been content to accept the
patronage of the rich and powerful. Tncy
have taken a few pri vileges and social rights
from their patrons as “concessions.” It was
so in Rome, where the distance between the
patrician aod proletarian grew steadily wider.
It has been so in France. It was only the
other day that a similar unnatural league be
tween peers, who ought daily to apologize foi
their existence, and the workingmen whose
toil has made Eneland the richest nf naiinn.
vras attempted. The party of the second par
was to give up its passion lor political right*
and accept certain social privileges as concet
aiona. Happily for the prospects of Euglisl
democracy, the alliance failed.
What the workingmen of this State and ev
cry otter State ought to demand is a fair di
vision of the wealth they create. They are
entitled to at least a share ot the fruits of theii
toil. This they can obtain only by securing
for the laboring masses such universal iutelli
geuce through education as will enable then
to combine aud divide the profits of their owi
labor. Notwithstanding the culture that ii
America often characterizes workingmen, i
is not general enough to enable them to copi
with the superior intelligence and consequeni
organizing power of capitalists. There is D(
mechanic, aitisiu, farmer or day-laborer ii
Maine who will not best subserve the inter
ests of his class by insisting with all the earn
estness in his power upon the reform of oui
common school system, which now reaches
only one half of the pupils in the State. This
is the one true specific—the one panacea fot
all the wrongs that labor suffers. Ail othei
remedies are pure quackery—and the remedy
sought through alliance with the reactionary
party is grossly ignorant and dangerous
quackery. Earnest, lronest work within the
ranks of the parly of- fef'oiin and progress is
the only means of obtaining valuable results.
Jubt a word is necessary in relation to “C.
W. G.’a" communication in the Pkess 0/
Saturday, to which no reply was made. He
says that our statemeul that Jonathan Mor
gan1 raze to deat h,” that he lived in “a shan
ty,” that he was “alone aud nncared for,” is
“unwarranted,” “utterly untrue,” “a libel”
and “untrue in spirit aud implication.” Our
correspondent conceives himself able to de
termine with absolute precision the degree ot
cold necessary to produce death in a centen
arian whose circulation 13 feeble aud whose
vitality is extremely low. But we trust he
will pardon us if, while deferring to his supe
rior wisdom, we maintain that there is no
physical impossibility in the case, and that
men whose vital powers ate very low can and
1 do fieete to death in midsummer. We waive
the question whether a shop when used for a
residence may properly be called “a shanty,”
knowing the acuteness with which our censor
is able, from long experience, to draw distinc
tions. That Mr. Morgan lived “alone” must
w-«v«auCu, auu u ib is mise mat ne was
“uncared for,” we must insist that lie Was at4
least unfortunate in having no oue to kindle
a fire for him and make him otherwise com
fortable when he came home chilled and ex
hausted.
Tue Kennebec Journal presents the Stan
dard with a “Tweed cost” that tits admira
bly. The Journal sho3 that its Democrat
ic neighbor defended the “Boss” and bis
Tammany associates with the greatest vehe
mence until a very recent period, pronounc
ing tbe revelations in regard to their “course
grossly false and malicious charges.”“without
a scintilla of evidence” to support them. It
styled the Boss “That great leader in the De
c mocratic ranks, Wm. M. Tweed,” and so on
to tlie end of the chapter. This “Tweed coat
was worn by all the Democratic papers in
Maine at first, but they have now turned it
wrongs.de out, and hope to make it pass for a
new one.
Gbant makes a good selection of men to
represent the United States abroad. Mr.
Washburne’s splendid success in Paris has
done much to iuspire foreigners with respect
for America and Americans. It is now said
that Gen. Scbeuck is the most popular minis
ter that ever represented his country at the
English court. He is not a snob like Adams,
nor a toady like Iievordy Johnson, but be is
able, it seems, to command respect without
being either.
IVotr*.
consist Massachusetts Legislature will
fcSSft Sr-r;‘, •t?
tics more perhaps depeu,is un U .edcra P0]1
New York than in all others if st lcsult iu
publican there will not be a ghost of a chance
lor the opposition in the next Presidential
election, unless some new and potential com
bination shall be formed against the adminis
tration.”
Maryland Is not so entirely “My Maryland”
as heretofore for the Republicans carried foyr j
counties at the election in Maryland on Tues 1
day—Allegany, Washington, Frederick and I
-a—
Cecil They elected one-St ate Senator and I
fourteen members of the House of Delegates.
The Republicans previously had not elected
a constable, much moie a member ot the
Legislature.
The Trenton Gazette, Republican, says that
the astouudiug success of Joel Parker, the
Democratic candidate for Governor iu New
Jersey, by so large a majority when the Leg
islature is so heavily Republican, places that
gcutleman at the very head and front of the
Democratic politicians of the country as ah
available Presidential candidate next year.
The New York Herald says the suggestion is
not a bad one, for Jersey has as good a right
as any State to get up a candidate to be
knocked down by General Graut. Gov. Pai
kcr will make as good a head pin as any ol
er mau. _
The Election Er»ud. in Brooklyn.
At the indignation meeting in Brooklyn,
Friday ni-ht, one of the largest ever held in
thUciv and address, d by Maypr Kalbfleisch,
Gen Slocum, District Attorney Tracy, Rev.
Dr Cuyier, it was plainly disclosed that the
Democratic King in Brooklyn, if it is not so
powerful, is a worthy scion of the Tammany
King that the people of Naw York so thorough
]y crushed last week. Like the rest of the Em
pire State, all the rest of Kings county and all
the wards of the city of Brooklyn, except four,
showed au increase ol the Republican vote,
though but moderate. Nothiug was hoard
from wards two, five, sir, eight and twelve un
til long alter the others were counted, aud it
was ascertained that the city had been carried
by the Republicans and Reformers if those
wards retained the heavy Democratic majori
ties they had for the past few years. About
ten o’clock, a report came from one of those
indicating a Demooratlo majority of 2200, and
soon from another, a majority of 3000; so that
when the tardy wards were iu it was found
that they had exceeded the heaviest Demo
cratic majority ever before^given by average of
one thousand each. In 1370 the vote of the
city was unusually full, nevertheless ten dis
tricts from the wards above mentioned, that
gave a total Democratic vote of 3495, returned
6246 on Tuesday—an increase of 2721, or more
thin 73 per cent. The evidences of the most
extensive frauds in stuffing ballot boxes exist
everywhere. Ia one district, a well know citi
zen testifies that he voted upon the opening of
the polls at seven o’clock, one of the first of
the day, but the poll list taken as the votes are
received showed his name the live hundred
and twenty-eigtb. u
In one district Wm. Coif, Esq., candidate for
County Judge, and a perlectly reliable man,
testifies that the inspectors shut every one oul
of the room for some three-quarters of an hour
and that when he gained admittance the pol
r clerks were checking, opposite names, the bal
lots voted by eacb. This checking, if genuine
must bo done when tbe ballot is cast. The
clerks were simply doctoring tbo list to make
it tally with tbe eount from a stuffed ballot box
Among other cases that of Col. Morton, can
didate for Assembly in the 7th district, is so
palpably one of fraud that tbe Brooklyn Eagle
confesses to it. At an early hour Tuesday
night Col. MortSu had returns from every poll
in his district save one, and they gave him 223
majority. At that poll the Democratic vote on
the State ticket was about 365) and tbe total
vote od every ticket except tbe Assembly did
not exceed 472. The Assembly ticket was not
canvassed till 9 t ’clock next morniDg, when it
was found that 130 men had voted for Assem
bly and for no other office, and all bad voted
for the regular Democratic nomine?.
Mr. Attorney Tracy says that be is prepared
to prove in any Court of law that gangs of re
peaters, numbering from ten to fifteen, walked
lrom district to district in certain wards voting
all day, and this in all cases with tbe knowl
edge and in many with the actual connivance
of the police.
The Brooklyn I rands are to be thoroughly in
vested, when it will be shown that they are
only second to those carried on in New York
because its Democratic majority is smaller.
It is certainly unfortunate for the Democrat
ic party that its triumphs results from fraud
and violence; and that the amount of corrup
tion and degree of terrorism that its partizaus
exerci?e is measured by the completeness of its
victory.
Recent Publication*.
Oue of tbe most useful books published thia
year, we have uo hesitation iu saying, is Eng
lish Lessons for English People by J. K. Seeley
Cambridge Professor of History, and author o
Ecce Homo, aud EJ\vin A. Abbott. These dis
’-utiivio tiive iixu «uc aaamtitutd ui
»ouio of the beat practical teache :s of tbe Eng
lish aohoola in the preparation of their book.
It is an unfortunate fret that our colleges are
'‘liable” to make of their pupils goud scholars
in everythiug bat the English language. All
tbe instruction that our people get in English
is imparted at a time whan the immaturity ol
their minds precludes the possibility of tbeit
receiving much beuefit from it, if, indeed, they
comprehended it at all. Even our higher a
cadamie. and seminaries disdain to occupy
themselves much with a tongue which is at
once the most difficult aud the most iuifispen
sable of all that their pupils learn. The Eng
lish lessons in this book presuppose a knowl
edge of grammar, and begin with the defini
tion of words by usage and by derivation. The
etymological treatise is quite full and extreme
ly instructive. The rest of the work treats ol
the diction of prose, poetry aud metaphor,
faults iu did ion, has an exhaustive explana
tion of metre, hints on selection and arrange
ment, and an appendix with hiuts on some er
rors in reasoning, a table of contents aud ques
tions aud relerences to exercises. The volume
can be used as a text-book, and we heartily
wish it could bo introduced in the schools of
every towo in Maine. It contains the results
of the experience of teachers in a country
where instruction, like everythiug else, is thor
ough. But whether it is made a text-hook or
not, persons who wish to improve their style,
and avoid tho error of inelegance, os the one
hand, and the still greater error of “fine writ
ing,” on tbe other, will find pleasure aud profit
in reading it carefully. (Published by Roberts
Brothers aud for sale by Luring, Short Har
man.
Encouraged by tbs success of the first series
of Dialogues from Dickens Mr. W. Eliot Fette
has issued a second series. Mr. Fette has
changed his plan a little since he brought out
the first series, and we now have regular dra
mas, but so arranged as to be easily broken up
into separate dialogues, if desired. (Published
hy Lee Shepard, and for .sale by Loring,
Short Harmon.)
Miss A. M. Douglass, the author of the pop
ular series of juveniles called "Kathie’s Sto
ries, has just added three valumgs thereto.
They are of course charming, and aro called
Kathie’s Harvest Days, Kulhie’s Soldiers, and
Kathie’s In the Ranks. (Published by Lee
Shepard, aud for sale by Loring, ;,Short and
The ever fresh and new story of Reynard the
Fox, which for several hundred years has de
lighted tbe old aud young of every generation,
has taken many lorms. The poem written in
Low German, which appeared at Lubeck in
the year 1498, gives one of the most pleasant
versions of this juvenile- classic. It has been
translated into Euglish by a person not named,
aud published in au exquisite volume by Lee
Shepard. The translation into Euglish eight
syllable rhymed verse makes a volume of 200
pages, whereiD cue may read how that rare old
politician, Iteynard, preyed on the family of
‘Chanticleer,” the cock, led “Brown,” the
bear, to grievous harm, outgeneralled “Gib,”
the cat, in a in istcrly manner, and showed his
“enteiprise" in numberless similar ways, at
the same time beiug able, by his superior ad
dress, to escapo puuishmeut and risa to posi
tions ol the greatest honor—just like a Tam
m my sachem before the lato earthquake. The
satire is as obvious as in Gulliver, but the moi"
al is not so conspicuous as to injure the story
even for adult readers who now-a-days fight
Shy of such things. The “iisd Line" Editiou,
with its gilt edges, profuse illustrations and
general attractiveness, will make a dainty holi
day gift. (For sale by Loring, Short Har-_
mon.)
The same publishers have issued a “lied
editioQ of Kurus’ Poems, edited by Ilev.
Kohort Aris Willmot It has the same text
and arrangement as the “Diamond” editiou
not long since mention.! in these columns.
It is a truly sumptuous book, with gilt edges
tinted paper aud thirty-two illustrat ons. No’
editiou of Bums with which we are famil
iar possesses so many attractions. (For sale
by L >riug, Short Harmon.)
Hannah, a novel by Miss Mulock, (now Mrs.
Craik). lias been published by Harper Bros.,
in paper covers. It has attracted much atten
tion as a serial in the liazar. It belongs to
tlie class of “novels with a purpose.” It is de
signed to show the absurdities and hardships
of the Euglish law forbidding a man to marry
his deceased wife’s sister. Paper covers. Pries
50 cents. (For sale by Loring, Short Har
mon.
t Al1 01 Tennyson’s Poems, even to what might
Cll"*d Tennyson’s Apochrypha, including
world1 bVthp?. yout,‘ and thrown on the
eluded in a new •J°“J-bearled author, are i.
ihle covers, issued j fl<*
very handy pocket editio^' m do“d °0- A i
winch is uot wanting in a kin 11 “Pbearauce of
ue«8. f or sale by Hall L. Davia ^tuie?que*
i
Railroad steeling at Woiccstcr;
NYor.CESiEK, Saturday, Nov. 11, 1871.
Editor Pre&s:—A special meeting of the ,-tuck-
rolders ol the Worcester and Nashua Railroad i
Company was held here this morning to act in
relation to leasing the projected road between
Rochester and Nashua, N. H. The matter has
been iu contemplation lor some time, and an
act was obtained from the last legislature of
this Stale authorizing this company to make
such a lease. It has beon fully canvassed by
the Directors and stockholders, and the action
to-uay was unanimous in favor of leasing the
road as soon as completed, at an annual rental
of six per cent, on its cost, payable semi-aimu
ally. The project is very popular here, many
persons interested in the Worcester and Nash
ua road having subscribed to the stock of the
new road, while the corporation itself has sub
scribed for $200,000. The subscriptions are
made ou condition that $1,000,000 of stock is
subscribed to start llie road. Of this sum over
$700,000 is already pledged, and the action of
the meeting to-day will pave the way for the
rapid absorption of the remainder. The friends
Of the project expect the stock to pay well Item
the start, and there Is no reason why it should
not. The Wilton read, running from Nashua
to Wilton, N. H., is leased lu a similar man
ner and on similar terms to the Nashya and
Lowell road, and its stock is worth HO easy.
The road from Rochester tc Nashua should be
a better paying property lor itis pait of a trunk
line with a large business secure 1, while the
Wilton road has not that advantage.
The Nashua and Rochester road is iutended
to connect with the Portland and Rochester
road aud with it will totm a grand trunk line
to Portland, and, when the European
and Northwestern road is completed, to Hali
fax, while it also has connections by Conway
and Gorham with the White Mountain region
and by the Ogdeusburg and Dover line, with
Lake Champlain, the Canadas and the Great
West. As a through line from Portlaud it will
have great advantages over any existing line,
shortening the distance materially, and allow
ing a cbuice of several routes, for either freight
or passengers, from this city to New York.
The bast of feeling prevails here in regard to
the project. Mr. Lynch, President of the Port
land and Rod ester road, is here to-day,
and expresses himself as highly gratified
with the spirit aud temper of the
capitalists who are at work for the road.
We look for its early completion and for the
dispatch of trains from Worcester for Portland
direct, as frequently as they are now dispatch
el from here to other New England cities with
which we are in diieit railroad connection.
Laubistok.
From one of the most flourishing villages of
Maine, with neatly 2000 inhabitants, having
ample water power and the business centre of
one of tbo best agricultural regions in the
State, a gentleman writes:—“We have twenty
five men here, among whom are some of the
wealthiest men in the town, and the greate1
part of whom have considerable sums of money
while but few have no visible means of sup
port, that are practically loafers." The greater
part of the number are men of intelligence,
and have been successful in business, but hav
ing secured some capital have in part become
speculators aud in part “note shavers,” having
entirely deserted the class of producers. These
men have capital enough to build up factories,
but being unacqaioted with the details of the
business, and having in mind the many failures
in onr own State aud elsewhere through a
want of knowledge, will not risk their money
in such enterprises. This is not a siDgle in
stance; indeed, every village in the State of the
site of the one referred to, presents to some
extent, a similar oxamp'eof a deplorable waste
of both capital aud what might be valuable
brains. Maine may need capital, but her
greatest need is a system of education that
will teach men something practical beyond in
terest and discount.
Grasses bob Slaty Soils.—All ol the New
Fork papers,even to the Evening Post has aman
who tells those who inquire wbat he “knows
about farming.” One informs a correspond
ent that “on laud tilted with finely-broken blue
slates—the object being hay, aud not pasture—
what grasses would be likely to succeed best in
lllaflA rtf nr in finnnnpfinn ia.1 a1a«a<.
latter being almost certain to burn out if even
a moderate drought occurs the first season.”
We know ot no better mixture for such a soil
than the following; Red top, 2 pounds; tall
meadow oat gtass, 3 pounds; orchard grass, 4
pounds; hard fescuo, 8 pounds; perennial rye
grass, 12 pounds; Timothy, 4 sounds; red clo
ver, 4 pounds.
These grasses will withstand drought as well
as any other that are tall enough to be mown.
Somebody has “interviewed.’ Joan Ingelow,
tue poet, sue would talk ol nothing but the
calamity of Chicago. Like the fire itself, Jean
was quite in glow over it. It wae a generous
glow, too, for she sent a hundred dollars to the
sufferers.
The Lewiston Journal reminds us that we
are mistaken iu saying that there is no lady
student in Batos College. There is a Miss
Haley in the junior class whose rank in her
class is very high. We gladly make the cor
rection.
Hox. E. K. Smart of Camden, la'.e Demo
cratic candidate for Governor was Friday tak
en to the Insane Hospital for treatment. His
disease is softening of the brain,
Thiers is so much affected by the death of
his friend Lambrecht that serious fears for his
own health are felt.
Klema.
Two young ladies from Boston went to
Brighton to distribute Labor* Reform tickets
election day. It is said that they were treated
with the utmost courtesy, but the eount shows
but 12 votes tor their ticket out of 474.
Of the 91 deaths in Boston last week,17 were
caused by consumption, 8 by lung diseases, G
by typhoid lever and 5 by croup.
Eollowing the example given by the Irish
Bishops, the Catholic inhabitants of Berlin
have demanded the suppression of “mired
teaching,” and asked for the establishment of
Catholic schools.
A boy stealing chestnuts in the suburbs was
caught by the irate proprietor. “What is
your name, you young rascal?” he asked.—
I weed,” blubbered the boy. With a nervous
gasp the frightened larmer dropped the delin
quent and fled.
An ingenious and highly scientific prisoner
broke out of jail iu Iowa by building a tire
against the limestone wall and, after it was
sufficiently heated, throwing on water, caused
the wall to crack opeD.
A Danbury (Conn school-boy disturbed the
symmetry of a family heirloom by sawing off
the tops of his great-graudmotbei’s bed-posts
for a set of croquet halls. And the night be
did it he slept very warm.
The Post-office Department, in conjunction
with the Canadian Post-office Department,will
this week establish a line ot international pos
tal railway service upon the route to Halifax,
made continuous by the recent completion of
the European aud North American Railway,
by which the United States mails from Eu
rope by steamers touching at Halifax will be
forwarded overland from that point.
Iu Trenton,N. J., recently, a child, while
asieep, was so badly bitten by a rat that it
came near bleeding to death.
Liberal Geimans are protesting against tbo
oxpulsion of the Jesuits from Germany, con
sidering it a violation of the liberty of con
science.
The English mint, owing to the unprece
dented demand for gold coin, caused by Bis
marck’s indemnity business, finds the greatest
difficulty iu keeping a sufficient quantity of
Silver in circulation. Its whole available ca
paouy is devoted to coining sovereigns. One
ship building firm iu the north of England re
oantly applied to the deputy master of the
mint for silver, saying they could not get
enough with which to pay their seven thousand
employes tbeir daily wages. The average an
nual issue of silver in England is only about
£200,000, and the diversion of gold into new
channels has quickly made silver scarce.
The Lamoile Valley (Vt.) railroad directors
expect to ruo an engine to South Hardwick on
the 20th iust, and will soon have llie cars run
ning to that point, which is about twenty-six
miles from St. Johnsbury.
The Pope has shut himself up in the Vatican
and it is rumored that he will never again
leave his retirement. The art galleries are
now open for only a few hours one day iu the
week.
At Mandalay, in Burmali, a woman and her
two children have a growth of hair over their
foreheads, noses and chine from three to twelve
inches long, and iu texture like those on a
Skye terrier.
The trade between California and Japan for
the present year has largely increased over
that of 1869, which was larger than any pre
ceding year. The exports for 1871 amounted
to 81,929,000,against $1,007,000 in 1809 The
exports of flour to Japan and China in 1871
imouuts to 206,000 barrels, against 137,000 bar
rels in 1869. Among the recent arrivals in
California for ehipmeut overland to Eugland i
vere 1200 pounds of crude Iudia-iubber and
iO tons of English walnuts from Central i
America. Coffee is also beginning to reach
California from Central America.
Jupiter isgettiog in a had way; an astrono
ner notices the “rusy protuberance” now visi
ile on his face. Evidently, Jupiter has been
‘out” too much o’ nights, J
A Doubtful Entebpbise.—a Dover (N.
I correspondent wrote to tbe Boston Jour
al last week that the Boston Maine Rail
oad Co. had finished the survey of a new road
rom Nashua to Plaistow, to connect with the
oain line of that rood at Alkiusou. This
tatemenc was, we have reason to believe, made f
ip and put forth for the purpose ot influencing
he result of the meeting ot the Worcester
Mashua Railroad Co. at Worcesier on Salur
lay last of which i.ur (forrespomient Rives an
recount. We understand that no such survey
aas beeD made, and that there is no charter in
‘xistence for such a road; and no charter could
be obtained, if at ail, before the next meeting
of the New Hampshire Legislature in June
next. The action of the Worcester meeting
will give a great impetus to the Nashua and
Rochester enterprise, and we have no doubt it
will he put under contract at once. The direc
tors have examined the three lires surveyed
between Nashua and Rochester, and are in
possession of the estimates; theiefoie they are
prepared to select the most favorable route and
offer the work for competition.
State
ANDBOSCOOOIN COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal says a young man in
one ot the Turner district schools was lately
arraigned before Trial Justice Teagno and
fined S8 aud costs lor disturbing the school—
rather an excellent way of treating the incur
rigibles.
The Journal says Dr. Strout has in his pos
session a curious and ancient coatof-arins of
the Lovekin (now Lufkin) family. The patent
for the coatol-arnis was granted April 13,1584,
in the 2ti.b year of Queen Elizabeth, 10 Sir
Hugh Lovekin of the county of Stafford, Bart.,
who was the ancestor of the Lnfkins of New
Eugland—Mrs. Strout being one of them.
HANCOCK COUNTY.
George W. Bagley, of Ellsworth, who shot
B. F. Gray on Thursday night of last week
was arraigned before the Police Court iu that
city ou Tuesday, on the charge of “assault
with a dangerous weapon with intent to kill,”
andjWas ordered to recognize with sureties in
the sura of $1000 for his appearanee at the
Hancock county S. J. Court, Apiil Term, 1872.
Selden Hancock, who was indicted by tbe
grand jury of Haucock county on the charge
of Betting fire to John B. Hazeliioe's barn in
Buruham on tbe night of June 27ih, has been
acquitted after trial before the 8. J. Court at
Belfast.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
Thirty-three divorces were granted at the re
cent term of of tbe Supreme Judicial Court at
Bangor, while sevarel were refused.
As the European and North American pas
senger train was baekin" out of the Maine
Central depot at Baugor Friday night, the rear
car struck a youug man named Michael Trow
ell, who was walking ou the track and did not
notice the movement of the train, knockin'*
him down and cutting aud bruising hit head
badly, but not seriously injuring him.
George W. Gorham was severely injured at
the Iron works in Bangor, Friday, while break
ing up iron. The pieces fle v in all directions,
oue striking Mr. Gorham on the ankle, al
though he was standing some thirty leet trorn
the machinery. A painful and serious wouud
was inflicted upon bis ankle, but lortuuately
the bones were not broken.
SOMER3ET COUNTY.
Nathaniel B. Chad burn has been appointed
postmaster at Bast Madison, vice George D.
Arnold, resigned.
The Kennebec Journal says the last legisla
ture authorized the town of Pittsfield to loan
the sum of $27,500 to Robert Dobson, Williim
Dobson and others, for the encouragement of
manufactures and the improvement of unim
proved water-power in that town. Last week
the YVaterville Savings Bank loaned lhe
amount to the town, being amply secured by a
mortgage from the Messrs. Dobson, sulject to
the mortgage taken by the town itself.
SAGADAHOC COUNTY.
The Bath Times says a young lad in Wool
wich who went skating ou thin ice last week,
broke through and was so chilled before he was
rescued that he died the following night.
WALDO COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal says the vacancy in
the Belfast Custom House caused by the de
cease of Thomas B. Emery, E-q., has just been
filled by the appointment of Rev. Wooster Par
ker. An additional office, a janitor, has also
been created, and Cant. C. H. Wording ap
pointed.
According to a list of the heavy tax payers
of Belfast, just printed in the Be fast Adver
tiser, the heaviest in the city is the Allred W.
Johnson estate, $3,016; the next is Ralph C.
Johnson, $2,742; the other large tax payers are
P. R. Haz,-ltine, $1,264; Prescott Hazeltine,
$1,140; Axel Haylord, $1,182 C. B. Hazeltine,
$1 032; Arnold Harris, $1046; R. Siblev, $1,
068; John W. White, $1,183. Niue others pay
a money tax of over $500,
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
George B. Burns, Esq., a prominent lawyer
aud leadiug Democrat iu Calais, died in that
city ou the 8th inst. He was a native of New
Hampshire but has resided in Calais for twen
ty years, and was much esteemed in that place.
Ca'aj8 is to have two mails daily, one by ‘he
E N. A. Railway, aud the other by the pres
ent Lincoln route.
w'i'V V ir.nr ..tuimcr Louis
Walsh ol Calais, Me., lying at a wharl in Wal
'/“"t Bay, New York harbor, was awakened
^OIftCaJliiiHUf. morning fa_y a liaise ua
cabin, where he was sleeping. On. rising up
lo ascertain the cause, a burglar pointed a re
volver at liis bead aud threatened to blow bis
brains out if be did not give up his money.—
Having no other alternative, he banded over
the sum of sixty-five dollars, which the birglar
took, thanked him and left.
SPECIAL NOTICES^
The Mnrtyn* of Neglect,
It is not too much to say that tens of thousatJs are
now suffering trom biliousness.^iuaigestiou, eoistipa
tion, periodical fevers/general debilitv. aud N#rvmi«
affections, who might be restored to perfect iiealth
within a month or less by the use q( Hostetler’s
Stomach Bitters. The multitudes who have been
cure! ot these and other ailments by tbe ne ot
this well known specific are always ready to :estify
to Its virtue as a preventive and a remedy. They
are spread over the whole country; they are eager
'cpraise and recommend it; and yet, notwithitund
iag its vast popularity, they are many invalids, anil
many who are continually exposed to the epidemical
diseases, against which it is a sure protection, who,
either through indifference or incredulity neg'et t to
seize the opportunity to cure ami means ot preven
tion, which they have only to reach out their hands
to obtain. Tit's is strange; it is one ot the anomalies
oi human nature which it is impossible to account
tor or explain. It is, however quite certain that
every day the number of these Martyrs ot Neplcctis
diminishing. This is proved by the statistics of tto
sa.es ot ilia great remedy. During the present tail
the demand for it lias increased beyond all precedent
and it seems as if in the end the entire community
would tealize the important fact, that when all oth
er medicines prescribed for tbe above complaints
fail, it can and docs cfiect a euro. As a proteetlon
agamsttbe diseases most common at this season,
there is nothing comparable wilb it.
Haydn Association.
Members of the Haydn Associa
tion are reqifestd to bring their
copies of “The Creation” to the
rehearsal this evening.
_ Per Order.
Artificial Teetla.
ond the Public.
4 to ca'! your attention to tlie
ADJUSTABLE RIDGE, which I am
bow applying with great success to all sets ot teeth,
lhe method of appljiug this ridge to artiftcal toeth
l* *n invention ot my own. By its use the most
niljitult mouths can be tiited, and all persons about
te have teeth inserted will l»e sure of a perfect tit by
having this ridge used. Every set ot teeth made by
me wiih ilug riugc applied will bo properly ad lasted
so as to nt lhe mouth perfectly, or no pay will be ac
cepted tor the work done. Those who have sets ot
teeth which do not tit can have them resst this
ridge applied, and warranted to fli or no charre will
be made. CARLTON KIMBALL, D D s
COr“tr CUQ‘:reJL^t’,Hlm
Auction 8sale
AT THB
Japan Tea Store.
Tuesday, Nov. 14lh,
vi.rnw hi n.'u _ ..._
ll.tlili,
This will be a rare chance tor families to buy as it is
a well known tact that the stock is all first quality
All Spices are warranted strictly pure. Our Teas cau
he bought with perfect safety. Large stock of ean
Fruits, will he divided la such lots as will please buy
ers. Tea in lamlly lots. This not being a forced
sale, we can sell to suit families. See advertisement
■it I he house be Ailed nt S3 |.g p
Uovltsi<2t
BE SURE YOU ARE RIGHT!
“Be sure you’re right, then go ahead
Long years ago a wise man said;
“Be sure you’ie right,” thougli you go slow
And peace you’ll have where’er you »0
“Be sure you’re right Ihen go ahead
And heaven will give you “dally bread
“Be sure you’re right” though you go s ow 1
An l you shall cuuquer every foe- f
you’ll sure he right, when Boys need “rum,,.
It von buy them at Qkobqe Fenno’s rHE8’
Coat, Pams, Vf sr. Hot and Shoos complete
Corner ol Bench and Washington street
Boston, Nov. 1. novIO-uiw
l OJR iSdlii
15 Share* First National Bank Stock
13 ShaicM Casco National Bank Slock
itatc ot Maine. 1
Portland, q,h i
Diucinuoti,. j
Government Bond* Bought and Mold.
-BV
If* HI, PA1SOH,
3* Exchange st., Portland. f
auggg su 1
SPECIAL NOTICES,
People’s Course, at City Hall.
Ntxt entertainment .TIONDAV KVBKING, NOV. •JOtli, by the papular
rJEMPIjE QIJ-AL.Itr'rJffiTTJE
Of Bostou, (he finest Quaitette of male voices i i America, assisted by that charming Soprauo,
MISS ISABELLA STONE,
Pith J. A Howard, Piauinf. Evening Tickets 60 cent?, or 75 cts lor tlie two remaining onferfait
aents of the course. For sale everywhere. Doors open at 7 corner. to coumiei ce at 8. l.ofldl w
GOING TO CHICAGO
riiK undersigned would respectfully inform the public that he intends to remove to Chicago Vter Jan
uary, 1872. Before that time we shall sell oar stock ot
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAN COSTI
Those who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargain will call immediately.
100 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight 11
^ufrie”(l8 ai,d patrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor lhc liberal patronage bestowed on me
luring my residence in this city.
J. F. SISK,
l'7/l Fore Street, Portland,
Very Desirable Meal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT BARG AIM
As the owner intends REMOVING TO CHfCACO; consisting of a 2 1-2 story Brick House No. 9 Chat
ham Street, in good repair lot 46 by 50, a good chance tor a Mechanic or business man to g* r a desiratde
home. Also a brick building corner of Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 35 by 80- Also ihe u?xa lot
adjoining, containing tbiee wooden stores: lot 55 by 120; arid one large wooden stable. Th s property will
be sold in separate lots or all together, making in all a lot ol 90 by 120 This is an excellent chance ior in
vestment, as this property is sure to increase m value, being on He principal street in ihe city.
For particulars call on J. F. ^INK.
nov7tf v in Fore Street.
MILLINERY^ Congress St.
With the increased facilities for purchasing directly from
Importers at the lowest Cash Jobbers pr ices,
We are now prepared to ofter to our customers and the Public
A very choice, all new STOCK OF MILLINERY GOODS,
at prices which cannot fail to give entire satisfaction.
‘Ladies’ in want of a
HAT or BONNET,
Will find it to tlieir advantage to give us a call belore purchasing.
We shall have constantly on band a good assortment ot
Ladieii’, Miswc*’ and Children’*
Beady-Trimmed 1Tats and Bonnets.
Our Selection ol Children’s Hoods, and Boy’s Hats ure unsurpassed
in the city.
Silk a*8 and Bonnets manufactured and trimmed In tlie latest and most approved style at sliert notice,
pi ices. Velvet, and Velveteen* tor Dress Trimming in all colors and shades, constatJy on baud at old limes
prices. Also alt the New Shades in the best qualities ol Kibbous.
W. L, S^ELL, 337 Congress si.
Nov2 SN tf
The Best,
The Cheapest,
The most durable
And the Easiest,
SPRING P.ED,
EVER MADE!
It will Cost you Nothing
To give it a lair trial at your house.
Tlios. P. Beals Co.,
SOLE MANUFACTURERS,
au<l ‘29 MARKET STREET.
Rear ot’ the Post Office, A’ao the best assorinent o
Chamber Sets
AND OTHER
X1 UR >1 I T 1 J R K
To be found in till ity and at the lowest prices.
CAL AND 8IE! hovIIIbi
Ladies’ Cloaks
-and—
Winter Jackets,
AT
EASTMAN BRO’S.
tL’onsrrcss Strcef
October 31- sn dtt
EXCHANGE
-ON
Englan d, Scotland and Ireland
Drafts on Hand
-AND-

Beady for Immediate Delivery
IN SUMS TO SUIT!
W 31. E. JVOOl),
07 Exchange St.
Awui for Henry ('lewi Ac Vo. Vi. V.
•Tune 27-11«n
~~8. B. CtOWELL.
Anticipating leaving tho city now offers his eutlrc
stock ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Good!
at great bargains, and will contiuue the sales oulj
until he sells his bouse. (See advertisement by Geo
It. Davis ff Co,)' Wow is your time to make youi
Fall and Winter purchases.
BgyCome early and avoid tho rush. s&p7-tmtf
GOLD DUST I
All lovers ot CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. eep5d2mo is
They sell the above Flour at the.
JAPAN TEA STUPE,
Fluent Block,
_8cp27-sne(Kltf _ Exchange st.
N O T i o b!
fl'IHE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 229
stand on Exchange street, where I will still mann
jacture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invite
all my customers and triesds iu general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the prices. I
have all brands ol Imported Cigars, and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
I want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. E. PONCE, No, 80 Exchange St.
yl-tf
Stock Sl Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving tlio clfy will sell my
stock and place of business at great discount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper Ilian ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber, Plunk, .Spurs, Kneea, Dock*
ing, and Treenails.
Also 30,000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on TAYLO 1C,
sept 19-snti 17t> Commercial st.
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Go.,
Union Bank'of London,
awd the
Provincial Bank of Ireland
And nil it« Brunches,
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN SONS,
jet3-sntt_9Y Uxchuuge Hi,
Attention, Gentlemen.
We liavo this day received irom one of tlio finest
importing bouses in New York (e!u. Van .Ingen
Co.,) a large invoice oi
Woolens tor Gent’s Wear.
to which we invite your attention, as we feel confi
dent we can please you in every particular.
KOLLIN3 BOND, No 90 Middlcst.
Vaw O or, M
No Tlore Wet Feet.
Cable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOR
BOOTS anal SHOES,
6 rapidly ami steadily superseding both Thread and
’egs. Besides lurnishing ilie most durable, pliabl u
oiiom iral boot ever ottered the public, it atl'urds ai i
rticie more nearly
WATERPROOF
hau ever before made of the same mnieiia’s*.
ill Dealer* nil able NfreirWired fioodii
Patent Stamp on nil. oct2en eoiIG#
ON MARRIAGE.
Essays lor Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
nd ABUSES, which interfere with M AUU1 AG i>—
rith sure means ot relief tor the Erring and Bn or
utiate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HC W
lRD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, S. Nlmh St., Phils del
ilia, Pa. jy2G-8S»ig
FOR SALE
rllE new two ftory French rocf bouse, just tin-
islud,i n Cushman st.; bouse pined tor Set ago,
ud all the modern imprt vements. Euquiie on the
remits or No 25 Emery at, J. A, TENN j .Y,
bep5dU BU
Home Securities
BONDS
4
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH 'AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, to St. .John. New Brunswick, a
distance 01 2f2 miles,—with the exception of 58
miles between Winn. Me., and the boundary line ot
the State at Vaneeboro’. On this |K>rtion the track
is now’ being laid, both from Winn eastward and
trom Vanceboro* westward, and the work will be
completed and trains running from liangor to St.
John in September next.
Tb»s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
and all tbe land travel. Height, mails. At., between
them and the Tint ed St&tesfwili pa«s over this Trunk
line.which is WITHOUT UOitiPJttTITION.
Although not yet completed, the business of the
road is already f*r greater than it# most sanguine
tricud# predicted, and is continually increasing.
The net earning (ram Larnl .u..
lars, and will be largely increasing alter Sept next
by the business to and Irora the Proviuces.
To complete this road, aud to equip it as tully as its
present large business and the immed ate increase
consequent upon Its completion, requires the Com
pany has issued its Bonds lo the amount of Two
Millions or Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
(besides a Second Mortgage on (be entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 3« miles. This
purl ion cost some #2 300.000. ami l he <»,i« ll.„ there.
800,000 Acres of Land!
Said lands being tbe same granted by tbe Slate ol
Maine tn aid tbe construction ol this load. Tbev are
situated along the Penobscot and St. JobnVirers,
ant are heavily timbered and valuable. Largs
tracts, especially in I he fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agdcultural district lu tbe St»te,) are valuab e
tor lanuiug lands as well as lor tbeir timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with whiih they are mortgaged. They
a cover 1250 equat e miles (nearly as large a# the Stale
oi Rhode Island, which is 1306 square milts,) and
are ot great value.
1 Thus, besides the mortgage ot the Railway, Its
1 equipments, dre., which alone is ample security tor
tbe Bonds, there are timbei and tarm lands to the
4:00 Acres to each Bond
also pledged to ensure the payment thereof.
'1 ho Bonds are lor $10UQ each, due March l, 1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from U. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, In New
York. Bonds registered if desired, Coupons made
{lovable tEt* each; in London, Eug'aud, it preferred.
SIltfKIlnii FUIVM-All proceeds oi sales of land,
as well as ol timber and other products therefrom,
are, by the Trusiees, to be invested in ihese Bonds If
they can be bought at car or less; otherwise io
United States, State or Municipal Secuiities. And
ou July 1, 1879, and annually tbereaiter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, the E. N. A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trusiees a sum
of money equal to oue i«r cent, of tha amount ol
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all interest
received on securities, belonging to the MiuItius
Fund are to be Invested as above etated. and these
accumulations are solely lor the puriuss of addition
ally providing for the redemption of these Bonks.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a third great element
ol securitg and strength, and adds to the sately of
these Bonds.
The Trustees are Hou. HANNIBaI. HAMLIN, ot
Banger, Me, and J. EDGAR THOMSON. Ksil
ol Phtladslnhia, Pa. 1
Thd Trustees are anthoHied to receive the Bonds
at Par mid Accrued Interest m payment lor
any ol the lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Aoarned Intoreat in Cnrrencf*
U, S Bonds and ail marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange lor those
Bond?, and can be sent by Express and these ic
turned by Express, tree of expense to ibe purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further partlDu'ar* concerning
the connections and business, with Map*, sli wing
the location and lands of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL.
Principal Agrut of the Company for the
Male (of Honda,
B A N G O U, MAINE,
OK TO
SWAN BARRETT,
(ElIlkAVV mid Ki«Alrin*a
lOO middle Straeti...Portland.
HT*On completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles ot‘ Railroad
now building, between St. John, N. B, ami Halifax,
N. S, there will bo an unbroken line ol Railway
iroui Halifax lo all the chiet cities of the Uui*ed
States, ami a** two or three days ol ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 36 hours’ time saved, from
New York, in going to or coming Horn Europe, by
rail to or from Halifax,— a largo business in pas
sengers, mails and Ireigln will ifiereby bo added to
the irattic over the E. dfc N. A. Railway.
«Tulyl3-sueod If
SKATES!
Sole Agent in the United slates lor the ce’obrated
“Acme Club Skates.”
Also a full due of Wood Top Skates, at wholcaalr
and retail.
G. L. BAILEY, 48 Exchange street.
oc3) ecd sn
IIALFOBB
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE

The Best Sauce and Relish
Made la any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
L'O BF.HAJ>OF ALL F1RSF CLASS GROCERS
Far Male iu Pordfu^ by
818E it* JSIEVAH8.
r*~—
SPECIAL NOTICES. I
LEA Afc PERRIN'S SAUCE.
Pron ouoced by Connoisseurs
**The Only Good Sauce.”
It lb* loves appetite and digestion, and it is uuriv
iled tor it* tiav;<i.
We are directed by Messis LEA PERRINS to
arosecute all parries making or vending connti rleiti.
JOHN WUNCAlV’b SONSt,
Atigl2sn6in Agents, New Yoik.
MAINE CENT UAL It, It.
Special Notice.
The aguge of this road between Danville Junction
md Watei vide will be changed between the nooni
ngs of the 9!h inst and 11(b inst. No ire’gbt train?
till run out ot Portland lor this line a.ter Tuesday,
:lie 7th. No freight wil! be received at Depot 01
3rund Trunk Railway in Poitland after Momlay, 6th
nst. The mill passenger trains will be run during
the week and passengers and l aggage changed at
point oi break ot gauge, but no morning passenger
tiaiu to or tiom Lewiston, alter tho morning of the
ninth inst.
i nov7-sulw EDWIN NOYES, Supt.
Procure Tickets
AT
MiB W. D. Little Co.’s,
OLD PA8SENGEB TI0KET2AGEN07 A
Trawlers for California
and the Kouih and Xorihwe.t, mar ob
tain throufcl. Ticket., by the br.i and m.-l
reliable route, trom PorUaLd. nr Boston. or
i.e'v York, to anv p, Int drilled at the lowr.l
atea at the old and tellable Union Ticket Aftentj,
IF. D. LITTLE CO.,
amrm i_-s m,--1_..
OfReUab’e Information cheerfully Tornlehed at
all times._ au?6d tt »n
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let iu first class bonded warehouses on
Brown's Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings Turk Danforth and Corn
inert ial Streets.
Advances made on properly stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
JylSsn 97 Exchange Street.
On Marriage.
Happy Relief for Young Jim from the et
iects ot errors and abuses in early hie. Manhood re- I
s ored Imp*- diluents to marriage removed. Now
method cl treatment. New aid remarkable reme
dies. Boo 8 and Circulars sent tree, in sealed en
velopes. A<hirers HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. novlsntl3ui
BONDS.
____ _ 4
Portland Mu dclpal, 6'B
Portland 4id It. It. 0’s
Slate ot Maine 6’s
St. Louts 0’s
Rockland A Id R. It. 0’s
European N. A. It. R. Gold 0’s
Portland Oad. U. It. Gold 0’s
Portland dc Rochester K. K. 7’s
Chicago 7’s
Toledo 8’s
FOB gALB BY
SWAM BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
JOO Middle stroef.
0C‘i3 SX MWAF
Awful Defeat!
The rout incomplete! The.last hope ol the parties
who have beeu getting up Scalp Poisons to com
complete with
Cristadore’s Excelsior Hair Dye
Is lost,‘Most, lost! Still, it towers over all rivals, new
and old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Dye o
the Country. Sthl tens ol thousands ot heads that
showed the whit*? flag,
Carry adore** Colors,
ana mo eour.e or me aye of uycs is ever upward ana
onward. So much tor excellence, wholesomcuess,
and a true renioduction ot Ifhlure’s lints. As a
die.-siug alter dyeing, me
CRIST ADORo’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
oc.8 eodlin w44 4t> sn
An Authentic History
Of the War between 4-eriuauy uud France
with Biographies ol the principal actors therein. Al
so au account of the Civil W ar and Keign of
Terror iu Paris. Over 800 page", and 150 Illus
trations. Sold only by tubscriptlon. ATWELL
Agent lor Portland. aulOeodtt sn
GllAHAM FLOlfR!
OF A 8UPgBtnnoircLiTv t
■rrcsn iron! ifae aVMill. Also tha celebrated
P O 8 T E L 8
Anil Other Choice Brundfi.
MIAW, HAMMuND t'ABNKlT.
oc9 03 tii
Printers or Machinists
Wishing Tor small MTKA.TI ENGINES, from
I to 2 horse power, will find k to thtir advantage to
call on
-T. B, LUCA^
OO EXCIIANOB STREET.
riKALLtt IN
Machinist Tools and unplies.
OCI4
Great Seduction in Prices
It you want more pictures for your money, than
you ever received before, call at the
Portland Photograph Gallery,
No 80 Middle Street.
Look at some ot the pricey,
8 Lirge Frrrol,PM* 30 een>«,
Former prito 8 I OO
II Card Frrrol,pea 30 emit.,
Former price *1 OO.
73 Tin Type. 30 coni*.
_ F.-nirr pi icr 81 OO
Picture, in Frame 73er.ii,
Photograph. $3 OO Per Do..
5EF“Kor children under tiro year* ot are, an addi
tional price will he charged.
A. S. DAVIS CO.
not id 2w
Monthly business aeetiug, Monday. Nov. 13, at 74
o clock, p. pi. A change in the constitution will le
acted upon. R. ABBOTT, Sec’y.
■•oil 2t sn
MARRIED
In Rockland, Nov. C. Prank Caiuesaml Deborah
L Ginn, both of Vinalhaven.
In Thomaston, N.y. 7,-Harris T. Coates and An
nie 1. Starrett.
In Sydney, Nov. 3, Willian. S. Gardiuer and Jaoe
Vi mg.
In Burnham, Oct. 29, Cbas. B. Cookson and Emma
Reynolds.
in Rockland, Oct.29, Willis Kales and Rosetta O
Rollins.
DIED.
In this city. Nov 11, Mr. Ab:el W. Murcb, agod 49
years 7 months. [Transcript please copy.
In this city, Nov. ll, Mr. Daniel Tappan Chafe,
aged 69 years and 9 months.
[Funeral on Tuesday afternoon ot 2 o’clock, at
153 Cumberland street. Relatives and friends are
Invited to attend.
In this city, Nov. 11, Mary Klizabotli, voongest
daughter ol Mary J. and tt e late Frederic W. Nich
ols. aged 18 years.
[Funeral bu Wednesday, at 114 o’clock, from No
36 Slate street.
Ill A n if n< i n Nnt VlW.I/stk P __ sl..
city, aged 61 .vein.
IFuneial on Tuesday atternoou, at 2 o'clock rrom
the residence ol her brother, No to Brattle street
in South Pails, Nov. 9, Mr. Otis C. Bolster, a^cd
70 years.
in Phillips, Nov. 6, Mr. Jacob W. Howard, ag d 61
years.
In Hiram, Mr. Frank Wads wot th, aged 63 years 4
months.
Iu Skowbegan, Nov. 8. Mr. J.MillbrU Brown and
31 vears.
Somerville, Ncv. 10. Amelia A, wilo ol S.
H. Hatch, agi-d 60 years II months.
DEPARTURE OR OCEAN STRAINERS
NAME. WlIEItE YROM. DE.MTJJfATION.
Prussian. Oue»*ec Liverpool.Not 11
City of Paris.New Yi-k.. Liver pool.Nov II
Calabria...New York.. Liverpool.Nov II
Cleopatra.New York.. Havana.Not It
Clmoria..New York.. Hamburg ....Nov II
Henry Ohauncey...New York..Anpinwall ....Nov 15
Wyoming.New York .L«verp'»ol.Nov 15
Java.New York.. Liverpool_Not 15
Missouri.New York. .Havana.Nnv 10
City 01 Now York. New York. .Liverpool ....Nov 16
Caspian. .Quebec.Liverpool.Not 18
Washington.New Yora. Havtc.Nov 18
City Wa>hington ..Now York.. Liverpool.Nov 18
Batav a.New York.. Liverpool.Not 18
Coiititbuc.Quebec tila gow.Nov 20
Cnba.New York.. Liverpool.N\ v 22
Minnesota.New York. .Liverpool.Nov 22
MoroCastle.Now York..Havana.Nov 23
South America-New York. .Kio Janeiro Nov 23
Citv of Mexico.New York.. HavAV Crux. Nov 24
Scandinavian.Quebec.Liverpool.Nov 26
Miniature Almanac.November 13
Sun rises.6.48 1 Moon rises. 5 3.8 AM
Sun Sets.4.40 I High water.11 30 AM
MAKI 1ST K 1ST EW B.
PORT or PORTLAND.
Saturday. Nav.
ARRIVED.
Steamer Dirlgo, Johnson, Now York. mil.. i..
Henry Kux. s®
Sch Maiy E B iss. (Br) Thuiher, Stonloelon t.
luvl lor St John. NB. *'°n. to
Attn™'. KrCCm*"' Trtn'OU‘-ljox staooks to
Jifbil^ M‘ D9,er‘-b0* -b<>ok» to>t
Morse &'co.’ T"°rn"lk,■• Uoflk"*^^<nt. to C A B
Sch Cashier, Moore. Cranberry Isle.
Scb Robt Moir son. Winebenbaol. w»i
S,b Merc, A Howes, bu o plon.tablp
rel lot a market 1>e»., »la inieu,,—macke
aiaiket Ver'tt| *‘Ui"'rook- “*‘'*»ca^n.Mk.r.I for a
'1
CLEARED.
S'camcr Carlotti, Colby, M:ilila*, N3—.lol.n r
M)us. 11
l k'sph'V,'0 "olow, W.fch, Buenos Ayres- A
Bme Sbute, Malanias— Ism- Emerv
H,r»m T'W».t», KtfnM^i
f*o*?S8«W Clark- tBrl ,,<!tk' StJulin.KB-Jo>.n
Sell A ileatou, Pbiuiiey, A'b.ny-Clias Sawyer.
"udila; \or. I j,
a, ARRIVED.
sarK""** c,5y' Boston.
Jo“ll‘p^ 5 toWeU- Bh.laleloWa.-ro.!
yon^hT1' °,iffla- ^toa, to ta*fct Jtwt
oRtO?** *""'0K M'Kiaa- Bath,—sail to
Scb Melrose, Coggins, I.uhec.
Sch Traverse, Stinson. Deer Die.
Tbe Bell Boat, recent I v wi drawn from *«nth
Breaker entisnce to Penobscot Bay ha* Uea .«ualr
td a/*ci replaced. F
Launchkd—At Reliant lo.b from the yard oi C P
rarier A Co. a centre board ecbr ot at out 4<>o tons’’
named tbe Pre.-cott llazeltiue, laiernK-u tor tbe
Southern eons’lug trade.
Tbe three-masted scar Ada G Bryant, built in I«.
ibc Dauning’s yard, Brewer, is to be lauucbed ou
the loth inst.
>IE,M«RA.\’1)A.
Br g Frontier (of Portland,) Morgan, fioiu Savan
nah t»r Providence. (truck on Newton Rock, m ar
he latter port about 7 A M. 10th ln*t, and bilged.
She was hauled otf in tbe afternoon nnu by the st<l ot
ileaib tumps was kept afloat until she reached Prov
idence, where »be was run on tbu Hats near III i’»
wbart. Her bottom uppears to be badly damaged.
Hr brig New Dominion, Kirk iroai Yarmnu'b, NS,
for Portland, put into Gloucester In b with tbe crew
o. sebr Oca*n biid. who were takc-u from the rigziuj
L>t the wreck oft Georges Bank 4fh Inj*t. The scl.r
took 11 c 1st inst, and tbe crew beii g unable to ex
tinguish tbe ti imevtbey (corded her and went into
tbe itjg ng, wlieie they remained u.rce days without
provisions, and were very touch txUauted whin te.
cued. Tbe »ea was making a clean I re «cb over tbe
wreck and the men were go* oft only with tbe great
e*r difficulty Three other vessels passed tbe wreck
without otfeilrg assista: ce.
UOMEMT1C POUTS
KEY WEST—Ar 27th, sch Naonta, Smith, fr m
New York.
CHARLESTON— Cld 7th, ship Reunion, Cuitis,
Liverpool.
GEORGETOWN. SC—Cld 31 »t, >eh Hem let ta, Lea
tilt Wilmington
Ar2d scb Kivira. Bancroft, New Yoik.
WILMINGTON—Ar 7th. »ch John A Griffin. Foi
ter. Pldladeli bis.
Cld 7th, brig John Aviles, Pe’ers, f.>r Boston sch
Eureka. Wallace. Now York.
RICHMOND—Ar 8th, sch flardfcrnbble, Kales,
Rock land.
NOR* OLK- Ar 7th, sch Sea OueoB, Banker, irern
Rockland.
C*d nth. brig H Houston, Tapper. Barbadoes.
FORTRESS MONROE Pasted up 9fh, barqno
A meticau Lloyds, Paik, from Liverj ooi, lor Balti
more.
BALTIMORE—Ar 9th, *ch R C 1 bouaus, Crockett,
Pall River.
PHILADELPHIA—Ar 8th. sch Robert Woodruff,
from GarJiner.
Ar 9th, brig J im Fie’d LtJtnd. St John NB; stbs
Clara Jane. McAllep. Ilillaboro NH: Adah ttverson.
P ke, Kempt, N-i. Mary E Staples, i inhuiore, ami
Susan Stetson. Yates. Boston; Oiiolv, Bak# r. oo.
Ar lOtb, seb K U Willard, Parsons, Portland.
Cld IUih,brift Hypopion. Woodbwy. Port aud.
NEW YORK -Ar 9th whs Spartel, Smirk, Kliza
betbport lor Boston; W H Sargent. Sargent, do tor
do George Emily. U triis, im do for |Prov d»nrr;
Laura Robiusou. do tor Pottland; Hvue, G'over do
•ci Barb; Chare, Ingral.am. Hondout tor Bo ton;
Mabaska. Pickett. Mach'as; LHolwav, B jant, im
Jacksonville. M
ArlOtb, barque Adelaide. Granger, Boston; brif
Z Will am*, Venaie, Aqnin 20 days; sebs Gov Coney*.
Paiker, Bndgenort tor New York; Burnish, Chur
chill. tm Windsor, NS, lor New York; Nary f atten,
Boynton. Providence; (Jnion Flag, Vfalonev, Port
land- R E Welluiau, Palmer, do: Mary. Horton, tm
Bangor. Hattie E Sampson. fl ake Windsor, xsS tor
Philadelphia; Wm II Mltebett, Cole Sbnlee, NS;
Ktoka, Jones, Jonesboro: E M Pennell, Mitchell,
Machias; Lucy Jane, lthoade. Rockland.
Cld f Of It, brig Re thaw, Sv'verler. Santa Martha;
ache Daylight, McFaddeo, Barbadoea; Lizzie, Leigh
ton, Boston.
Passod through Hell Gate 9lb. liifg J W Drlsko,
Port Johnson tor Boston, schs J K Carver, tui Port
Johns m for Boston Julia Martha, (/lark, do tor
do: A Powers, New York for Bangor, ('dial, Kent,
Elizabetbpor' fbr Plymouth; Seventv Siz, Hoboken
lor Boston: Mary Laugdon. Rondout tor do; Laco
nia. New York tor Portsmouth; W 11 Sargent. Sur
geot. Port *fv bn sou tor Boston G»erge Emily,
Harris «lo ioi Yarmouth; Spartel, Smith, Hoboken
tor Pembroke.
NEW HAVEN—Ar 9th. schs A Peters, 8*)i>borv,
Calais; lookout, JFrve. do for New Y» rk.
NORWICH—Sid 9ib, sebs Loch:«l, Haskell, anl
Mary Means, New York.
PkOVIDENCE—Ar 9tn. sebs L S Barner, Cole
man. Albany; Casco lodge, Pierre, and Damon,
Johnson, Elizabethp.rt; llary Shields, Waite, Port
Johnson ior do.
Ar 10th, sebs Ophtr, Mutphy, llol( ken J Boyn
ton, Mictbefl, Caais; Northern Light, Plummer,
Machtas
Also ar 10th brig Frontier, Morgan, Savannah;
sch Dolphin, Smith, Ellsworth.
Cld 9ih, schs Wooster Bernard, Smith, and Mary
Au/nsta. Holt, Jacksonville.
S'd 9 h. srli Clara Smith. Keen, for Savannah via
Green port, LI; Citizen, Upton, lor 'Portland FA
Heath, Watren. Bangor.
Sid 10th, schs Webster Bernard. Sn ith and Maiy
Augusta, Holt, Jacksonville; IM, Bollock. N York
or Ca'ais.
BOSTON—Ar 10lb, schs Maltha Sargent, Treat,
Searspcrt; Bonny Ives. Holt. Bangor.
Cld 10:h. brig Jeremiah, Fold, Portland; sch W F
Garrison. B'ackmun, Bangor.
Ar lltb, brig* chimltorazoo. Coombs, Philadelphia;
J W Drtsko. Drlsko. do: sebs Lark, Gupiill, New
York FioHda. Jurdin Surry.
Ctd lltb *i>ip* Am tv. Baker, for Savannah; C H
Sou'e, S nnett. New York; nubs Brill. (Br> l ip>etc,
St John, NB, via Portlat d: Idaho, BaLbace, Bangor;
Claiiwa S*ofv. Clifford. Winterport: Johu G Ferris,
Webber, Boothbay: Cencordia, Spear, Rockland;
Chowan. Gotdihwarte. Saco.
GLOUCESTER- *r 10th, brig New Doaniniou,
Kirk. Yarmouth, NS, tor Portland. (?ee Mem
NEWBUBYPORT-Ar lOtn, sch Leader, Ginn,
Rockland.
Sid 10th. schs Orono, Walker, and Speaker, Mat
thews, Bangor.
FOREIGN POK IS
At Hong Kong *cpt 15 ships Sumatra, Mullen, lor
San Kiaunseo: Jos Clark, Catver. lor do.
At Manila SptU. ship Bunker Hill, Davis, lor
Cebu and Boston.
Panned Anjier Sejrt 11, ship Competitor, Matthews,
•MB tl»w V— h
Sid im Singapore bept II, barque Clara, Nichols,
Batavia.
In pot t Sept 23. barques Escort. Nichols, and W A
m IIBW- kU I aaww,,. IVI UV9IVU, UU.
At gl Malaga '4th ult, barque Brilliant, Sprague,
Marseilles.
Sid ini Gibraltar 18th, brig Harry, Brown, (!rom
New York) to* Naples.
Ar at Queenstown 19th lost, ship Alcrom, Lowell,
New York.
At Uavant 4th Inst, barques John G.-iffln Foster,
for New York, hi*. Alexandria Mirer.til lor Bos on
T K WeUlon, Colson, and Norwegian. Murray, unc:
brirfi Long Beach, Blair* lor New York. 102 Clara
M Goodrich, McCart; tiara J Adaui*. McKadden;
Nellie t liflord, Littlrtield, and J To ledo, Dytr, Ues
tluatM.n not reported.
Chartered—brigs Clara J Adams, tor New York
2700 boxes sugar at 75o pr box: Ella Marla tor N01 th
of Hatteras. sugar at 50c pr box.
Arar Hall ox 7th Inst, btig Rockland, Desmond,
Portland
Ar at St John, N’B, 9th insf, soli Duke ol Newcas
tle, Hunt, Pori laud.
NEW A DVEHTISEMENTS
NOTICE
THE subset ibers hare formed a Ot-partnership
under the sryle of
Curtis Davis,
forth# purpote ot carrying on tbs
Wholesale Fish,
Gcneinl Commission and HiJ|>
Brokerage Business,
»nd bars taken Store
No. 15'i Commercial Street,
(recently occupied l>y Messrs. BlikiilN jfc TO
**nrrj| assortment of tl-ii
ot all Uuds, in tola to suit, at lowest poesible raca
We reaps, tlally solicit consignments 01 Vessels.
Fish and Merihandise, with ibe assurance (bat our
beat endeavors shall not bd' wantliift lor tbs later
sat ot thus, who may laror na with tbeir order, m
seltorbuy.
November 10. 1871.
CURTIS PA VIS
R. S. Curtis, late ol Curtia Knlgtt, Pbila
N. C. Pavia, late ot R;an Bavis. rortland Me
noil 2w
J. B. HOBBS CO.f
Commistion Merchants,
55 So. Cun Ml St,
ihkaco.
msu*or'Klr'B 10 th® P®'ob>.s» and sblp
Flour, Grain, and Provisions,
7\ c are also prepart d to male advances on prnp
stl> to be belli Id rtirc.
Nov 13 dlw»
To be Rented.
’0,B5 on Ne il tt.; six rtoms in rear ot
Mechanic st; alx rooms on Waters'll* at; a
nouae on Oak streot; bouse corner Cumberland amt
rartasla.; a house corner Wllmot and Lincoln..
no 13-0lw»_ WM. H. j^RRIS.
la A. IX. jV
Special Meeting.
THERE will be a special meeting o' ibe Irish
Atnerlou Relief Aaaocla"on this Monday Even
ing Nov 13 h. 1871. at 7 1-2 ft vlt.
Per ordei ol Ihc President.
JAMES CONNELLAN. Sct’v
FISII.
500 Qtln. Large Cod Fish,
LANDING this (Jay. Ex. Schooner A II I ern*
!AV> in time, Mackerel, Scaled limit* TonlUJ
gtrdSoiiodl. *c, 'or nlc lHow^ nS kJ*
CUtt'lls t.AVMS, J
Nflv U-I|-W_1« Couiuitroia ,t.
Commissioners’ Notice
fFHE undeitigneti have been
1 fioners to itceivt Zi ,K Dt81 Cumin s
"a*! whleffm."72, br,w«,» hour.-of S and 4
l>y u. p'r lh«^un»«“<1h*V“ UeU
hoUdlwawM_™uam'5, TV&MBLT.
Army and Navy Union Ilall,
(Late Brown's Hall
WILL be let tor Lectures, Concerts, Levee*. ami
private parties, ou liberal terms Two draw
ls room?, water closete, <&t*.y connected with the
Hall. Apply to
GEO. R. DAVIS Sr CO..
oc2lntweodtt At the Hall.
To be Let.
'I HE three .tnried Brick Store204 Fore .Irret, font
1 of Pun1, in goon rtittdliIan, with hulsitr g ap«
paratus ir> m sub cedar to ib* third stoiy
Apply to J. K. BU.AZIEB. 47 Him-keft h#..
or at N. Goo Id, Merchant laiijr, 157 Middle stree
nolOdtwis ____*
T'H SK In want ol Plain or Fancy V.1",?
1 nil! hod it lo their advantage to eali onW
MrrrtH. at the Daily rreaaJvh tx
change iueet. Portland#