IlsIBtAUUIBOUV I't')a.
The siege of Paris will be raised en the
1511 inst.
The condition of affairs in Algeri.i is still
critical.
Gen. lHossel is to he triled in Paris by sple
elal court.
.uster, late prefiect of Marseilleh, France.
has committed suicide.
I)etrolt claims to be the chief tobarcco man
ufacturing city in the country.
The government of France will soon in
troduce bills against the International soci
ety.
The Prince of Wales has been installed as
the Grand Patron of the Free Masons of Ire
land.
(en. Vinoy, writing from Paris, compli
mented Englandl's genierosity during the late
war.
Napoleon recently declared that France
will not allow her Free trade principles to
be torn to p!eces.
The tramway, or street railroad ot Con
stantinople has been opened to public use
and is a complete success.
Lady Franklin has paid several visitS to
the American artist, Bradford. at London,
and given a banquet in his honor.
The British iron clad frigate Warrior.
whlch was ashore near Leghorn, has been
got off and towed to Spezzia for repairs.
Knights Templar are preparing fr the
Baltimore convocation.
Perpetual motion I a; wrestled to deaf
ness the brain of an Itwa yeoman.
Early rose potatoes ought to but have not
yet eaught the most worms. Early birds
do.
Dislocation of the j w eilpWened to a Mil
waukee termagant while c:autlling her hus
band.
Sharon lasses send d.-s psted gentlemen
acquaintances a bottle of r,.clalmatory but
termilk each morning.
Terre Haute, Ind., has a law against hitch
ing horses to shade trees, and a case is to be
tested, whether a man can be arrested for
hitching his horse to his own shade tree.
Thursday last the anniversary of the
world-renowned conflict between Bill Nye
and the Heathen Chinee. It Is An Sin-gular
fact that no public notice was taken of the
day.
The annual income of Miss Anna l)ickin
son for lecturing for the past seven years
has averaged seven thousand dollars. Her
profits last season reached nineteen thousand
dollars.
The table on which the Versailles peace
preliminaries were signed has been pre
sented to Prince Bismarck as a souvenir,
and is placed in the reception room of the
princess, a small silver plate recording its
historic slgnificance.
By the latest intelligence from Europe,
the cholera was making rapid advances from
Asia, through Russia and Turkey, into Eu
rope, and has already made its appearance
in several of the Baltic ports. As the com
merce of this city with the Baltic ports,
particularly in petroleum, is now consider
able, our Board of Health can not be too
carefuilln enforcing the strictest quarantine
regulations on all European vessels.-N. 1:
Paper.
WzsTseRN CROPs.--Io Kansas the wheat
crop is harvested, and yields nearly thirty
bushels to the acre in some places. Corn is
from nine to thirteen feet high. The wheat
orop of Jersey county, Ill., is estimated at
1.000,000 bushels. The Iowa wheat crop is
coming on better than was anticipated. The
corn crop is ahead of anything ever before,
and the potato crop is faring well. All the
crops to Northern Indiana are in splendid
Scondition; and the yield of wheat, corn,
oats, &c., will be large.
KiorTs n MacxanKRY.-A gentleman re
siding at Perth Amboy, N. Y.. has patented
a machine which ties a square knot. It can
be used in connection with reaping ma
chines, and will tie the strings around the
sheaves as they are made, thus enabling the
farmer to dispense with the expense of one
man and relieve the team of his weight.
The nearest approach previously made to
accomplishing tying by machinery con
sisated, we believe, in twisting the ends of
the string or wire together, and tucking
them under the band. A reaping machine
may now be made to deliver sheaves ready
tied up.
A machine has now been perfected which
may be applied to cooling the air of theaters,
halls, ad all public or private dwellings.
One of these machines will either produce
200 pounds of lee per hour, or will furnish
In the same space of time 30,000cubic feet of
air cooled to a temperature of 30 deg. Fah.
I is probable that Ina few years we will
tautw an rom tie same registers the cool air
in summer and hot air in winter. The ap
plication of such an apparatus to the pipes
ofa beater would be extremely simple, and
furnish just what we want when the heater
is off duty.
Tas PorouLATIo or Naw YonK.-At
the present time the nationality of the
citizens of New York is a matter of ceasider
able interest. According to the detailed
census reports, the population is divided
almost equally between the native born and
the, I si elements. There are 510,553
natie white eltizens, and 418 646 of foreign
blth dibren., 9 Te Irish num.
btr wb 0 e tienas. ('r oupin thoe
wbor... M ubeinegaa va irusl
A Gtria erawsn a P Hesse, Hanover
a ma~ ber 9 eor about 48.000 less
than the ative of Ireland. There are
.2,0040 Zin. s3.400 Canadians, 7.500 South
S388 West Indians, 2,100 Swiss,
M *~i"rlaaP,
ia~Powa..-The possible adaptation
oiwlndaills to more general uses than
Amp 4o whbh tbj ar t present applied,
wwissemvn tr a pargrph in an exchange.
Wrea #old that i D-.the 4 Medlna,
wum wnd power to un itprinting
pWi Th wind wheIn its ofa new
pattern, eery simple In itsconstruction,
of oer. t isadrrt~r1a ýal to a, 4ý out
s a s L a 'sy~d:m
jr i buid and put
one wduI.ty. We know
3@ihh¶r tm~bde14, Ibi I avuation, but
As ~'i~, ugaa~C aMui n t notiic, mt
tooosms to ll the
fd oauwraebet w"" 1 r snppyIn
mIr gFa sap.n ophuing
Mtn= vanmp
ý tbfsm
v ý sir a. e
bSIlW5 heqm$Ise
Dausue ki
I na,
61I~t
s.r-BM4~.Ialbsmmm.~~-r
1: ;·~'"7," I
Lord.! it thy ý. rvant, o.r brother, contin
ues his opposition to us, wilt Thou, in Thb
tender mercies, remove him from the churct
militant below to the church triumphan
above".4"" I wonlt go!" thundered the in
dignant and obstinate deacon.
The Chicago Times publishes an account
of an accident at a funeral: "The parlors
where the coffin was resting were* exceed
ingly full of people, so that the unusual
weight upon the foor caused it to give way
during the address of the minister, and pre
cipitated the whole crowd, coffin, minister'
and mourners, into the cellar. The room
below was used as a pantry or store room
and dairy, and contained a number of pang
of milk, jars of butter, jam, preserves, etc.."
so that almost every one was accommnodated
with a liberal daubing of one or more of'
these articles. The Chicago lady who in
formed the writer of the catastrophe, was
Particularly fortunate, managing to get one
toot into a jar of butter, another into a pan
of milk, while a shelf of honey was deposi
ted in her lap. To add to the confusion the
coffin was broken by the fall, and the corpse
landed in a.barrn of Esot soap."
Shaker stock ings are manufactured in New
Hampshire, iMaine and Vermont; over three
fifths of the whole supply being produced in
New Hlampshire. In the latter state twenty
eight factories are in operation, producing
4 500 pairs per day. l'These manufactories
give employment to about fourteen hundred
hands, in the mills, and over 13,000 women
on the outside steadily employed in knitting
on the heels and toes, and also a large num
ber earning one dollar a dlozen for this work
besides attending to their household duties.
The monthly pay rolls of these establish
ments amount to fifty thousand dollars in the
aggregate. and employ almost the entire fe
male population within the radius offifteen
miles. In Massachusetts there are seven
teen hosiery mills each pro lucing from 250
to 2,500 dozen stockings daily. The five
largest mills produce an aggregate of 6,6000
dozen stockings dally, amul e.lploy one thou
sand hands.
TIE NIw NORT1H G ERMAN MIZ.ISTER.-
The new minister plenipotentiary to this
country front the North German Confedera
tion, Mr. K. Schlozer, was announced some
time ago as the quecessor of Baron Gerolt
Mr. Sc'hlozer was the Prussian minister at
Mexico till last March, when he sailed for
Berlin to receive instructions previous to
becoming the minister for the German em
pire at Washington. He is reputed to be
a man of talents and attainments, and by a
long residence in Mexico he has acquired
much knowledge of the affairs of the North
American continent. liHe can scarcely fall
to fill his position with acceptability, though
he may not altogether meet the views of
some 'people because he is not a baron.
This is his only shortcoming, so far as has'
yet been discovered, and it can do him no
injury in the eyes of our republican court.
TaIl COTrON CROP.-A correspondent of
the Congregationalist, writing from South
Carolina, mentions a fact which has a bear
ing on the subject of the growing cotton
crop, and Is deserving of attention. While
the amount planted by the whites is proba
bly ten per cent. less than last year, every
negro in the coun'ry parishes is planting a
little cotton for himself, and as a general
thing their crops looks better than in any 1
previous year since the war. It will not be
many years before the quantity of cotton
raised by the negroes on land of their own
will equal, if not exceed, the whole of the
white planters' crop. The colored men
plant but a few acres each, much less than
they used to just after the war, experience
having taught them that it is folly to plant
more than they can properly cultivate. This
secret of success both whites and blacks
have been long In finding out. Although
the acreage planted with cotton this year is
less than last season, the average production
may be better.
PETROLEUM FOR LOCOMOTIVES.-AFrench
inventor proposes the use of petroleum for
ed locomotives, and recently exhibited a model
an of a small engine heated by this means, for
a- which complete success is claimed. This
he locomotive carries two thousand litros, or
he about five hundred gallons of oil In the ten
ne der, a band pump forcing the oil-into a small
t. reservoir near the boiler. The process of c
o lighting the oil is neither difficult nor dan- c
n gerous, owing to the oil being kept in com
f partments, a small quantity only being c
lighted.at one time, then another division, i
g and so §n, until the whole furnace is alight.
my This engine consumes its own smoke per
fectly, and is said to be extremely easy to
drive, on account of the simplicity of the r
eh apparatus. A large locomotive, with slight I
I, Improvements has since been built, and e
successful trials made of its working quail.
Cs ties. The consumption of oil was thirty-five t
ih per cent. less by weight than that of good a
of patent compressed coal, a little more than j
1two Iounds of oil producing twenty-five t
pounds.
r EcczwrNce BEquEsT.-The daughters of I
P- the late Henry Morris, of Philadelphia, have
es lately received a legacy of bonds and stock t
ad shares amounting to $19.000 from a Mr. 1
er Horatio Ward. an American, long resident
in London. The will says: "As these la
lt dies are the grand-daughters of the ele
tie brated Robert Morris, of the Revolution, it 1
r- will not be difficult to ascertain theltactual a
,d residence. It will doubtless surprise them t
ad to get a legacy from a person they never
ad beard of; therefore, it seems but proper t
53 they should be informed that the bequest is I
n made through copjpassion for their misfor- I
a- tunes, and in return for the kindness shown c
so me by their father when I was a boy; andit a
a, may be as well that Miss Amelia Mornris
r, should be informed that It was I who sent
is some money to her and her ydunger aister t
re under the name of her Father's Friend,'
th a few years ago." Mr. Ward also devised
a, $100,000 to the National Soldier's Home in f
State bonds. He alsogives $100,000 in R.R. t
and Southern city shares, to the various f
n Soldier's Orphan Asylums in the United e
States.
a. INxDIuA COAL M.Uls.--The Indiana Jour
s, nal of Commerce, in a recent article on the
g trade and commerce of that Sta, tsays that
r the Indiana coal mines are likelyto prove of
a, greater extent than the Penasylvania bitu
It minous coal felds. A few years ago it was
upposed that, in Indiana, coal was confined
to a distriet about twelve or fifteen miles
s. long by three wide. Now it is known to
it extend from a point about a dozen kl1 i
w south ot the Wabash to the Ohio river, Its i
it width being greater than heretofore sup t
S.posed, and in sonte places, three lpves, or
e veins, one above another. The firt being
near the surface-from outcrop to sixty feet
-and the others within one hundred feet It
average. It also states that the mines are
worked on a royalty of only twelve and a
half cents per ton, while in Ohio the rate l fi
seventy cents, and thatcoal can be delivered
In Chicago for. three dollars a ton, whereas P1
It now costs, when brought from Ohio or
Pennsyvania;six to seven dollars per ton.
It these facts are correct, these mines offer
reat inducements to capitalists, and are t
elto prove powerftl rivals to the Penn- 01
aw GArnDEns IN ENaLAD.- a
I ui, the sp sides of a cutting would
s star In yellow gravel. Here, they l
re an with grass, or laid outin gardes p1
sem readyto slide down hil to the e
r These gardens along the side of lb
a toometh._ peeis t E lannd. ad
oSaba seens a almes.rb here. The
Sthe track sa~bhe afneon
bSo ia altays put to some use, unless th
0 *aui tobaallhe e U.oil Vegetables are ca
_ .st ,common. .18 used in some Tl
n a e 8 atao owersareeoa- m
t se lae. of the station Is ae
emn the ask in colored stones th
_ 1. the ittme are cut
tlamnmwmaso made mre
::hav e no: not to.
th. t not "on l i
its
,Italian pase, eh~sae i
.rad maccaroni are s:'.l. Th'. r' a feI.
years ago was frequTIen, I tI..i :i i ,uking
Ild man, who passed hturs examining the
-as ronomic wealth spread out before him
with as much care a: would a book-worm
hunting for some rare volume. lie would
smell the savory cheese x i. much delight
as if it were aboquetof heliotrope and roses,
while his fingers, covered with brilliants,
would daintily toy and caress the golden
stalks and strings of the Neapolitan pastes.
No one knew him, or his social position, only
hazard betrayed his incognito one bright
day. The mysterious niaccaroni amateur
was in the act of getting into his carriage
when a gentleman passed and bowed most
respectfully, in turn receiving a mere nod.
The proprietor of the paste store inquired
immediately, "Areyou acquainted with that
gentleman "I have the honor." "Is he
a person of distinction "O)fthe highest."
*'A duke?" "Far better." "A prince?"
"'Keep on." "A king?" "Still higher!"
"Well, then he must be an emperor?"
Y' Yes, indeed, one of the most powerful au
tocrats in the Empire of Art. His name is
Rossini." "Per Bacco!" cried the excited
itallan, proud of possessing such an illus
trious customer, '"if the maestro knows as
much about music as he does about macca
roni, I don't wonder that he composed the
Barber of Seville!"
.PsITEnR WANTED."-WOe copy the fol
lowing very sensible article from the North
west, the editor of which is sound and knows
whereof he speaks:
"This heading meets our eyes every few
days, in both city and country exchanges.
'One competent to take charge of an office'
is the usual specification in the country
newspaper. There are few such printers to
be found. They are not 'on the tramp.'
They seldom answer such advertisements.
because they have no difficulty in finding
work where they areknown. A 'good
printer,' and one thaet can be depended on.
is a rare animal. A boy of flifteen goes into
an office, learns the boxes, and is taught
the mystery of following copy.' He ac
quires a little speed, gets the big head, has a
fuss with his employer, quits the office and
starts on a tramp as a fuil fledged journey
man printer. The country is overrun with
such fellows. They meet with rebuffs, be
come discouraged, reckless and dissipated,
and thus bring odium not only on them
selves, but the art which they falsely claim
to represent-for one of those roving botches
comes it.contact with hundreds of people.
while the stay-at-home. competent workman
is known to but few-and the public have
made up their verdict that printers, as a
class, are a graceless set of scamps. The
fault is as much n'ith the employers as the
employees. When publishers resolve to
employ no runaway apprentices, boys will
not run away after a few months at the case
and none will starton a tramp until they are
competent to take charge of an office."
SILK FaoM THE AILaTrrnus.-In some
parts of France silk manufacture has received
quite an impetus from experiments madt
with the Samia Cynthia worm, fed on the
leaves of the ailanthus tree. One noted
weaver says The gloss of ailanthus silk
far surpasses any other known varieties of
Bourre de Soir, and by tareful culture it can
in time be made to produce white bilk."
Another writer states that "the silk pro
duced from the allanthus lasts double the
time of that of the mulberry worm, does not
spot so easily, and washes like linen." Mons.
Saint Hilare, as long ago as 1557, wrote a&
follows The cocoons are easy to cord and
spin; the thread obtained is less brilliant
than the mulberry, strong and rough, and
leaves no residue more than In combing the
thread. It is most excellent stuff for use
in all manufactures where bourre is re
quired. The cocoons are easily cleaned and
take a good dye. This culture, made on a
great scale, will furnish in abundance a
stronger and finer gloss than the mulberry
silk worni."
hs The culture of the condemned ailanthus is I
r likely to become an enterprise of great prom
el Ise and Importance, as the results of experi
r ments. very thoroughly carried out, warrant
is extensive operations. The tree Is easily
)r grown, and the Cynthia worm is hardy and
a voracious feeder. There is, no doubt, a
11 rich boon to any farmer who will engage I
If carefully and systematically in the culture
of the ailanthus and the Cynthia worm.
About a month ago a detachment of ofl- I
g cers belonging to the Secret Service Divis- I
Ion: of the Treasury Department were sent
Sto Florida to unearth, it possible, a gang of I
gold coin counterfeIters. They returned a t
o day or two ago and reported that they ar- I
e rested Romnius Noble and Elias Sweat at
It Fernandina, Florida, and O. S.exton, an
d engraver, atSt. Mary, Georgia, charged with E
1 manufacturing and dealing in counter- I
e felt five dollargold and twenty-five cent and a
fifty cent silver coin of the United States. c
nA few days subsequent, Thomas Sweat, at
e brother of Elias Sweat. was also arrested at I
Tebeanville. charged with the same offense. C
i The prisoners had perfected most extensive t
e arrangements for the manufacture of the a
I bonbs stuff, which they intended for circu. a
laton in the Northern States, Cuba and the I
it West India Islands' and were the principals a
of an organized ring which flourished in the a
vicinity of Fernandina, by frequent and I
wanton violations of the law, A quantity t
1 of counterfeli five dollar gold coin, admire- i
h blp executed was found on their persons t
r when arrestd; and there were secured at
r the same time, ready for shipment to Black t
a Polnt, Ga., thirteen large cases, containing
heavy machinery, Germon silver, liogets of r
n corno ition metal, English alloy copper, c
t used principally in the manufacture of the t
five dollar coin, gold and gold dust, a gal- d
it vanic battery complete, seventy-five cruel
bles, first-class engraving tools, and other a
.articles--ll in the very bestcondition. The f
Sfirst three named prisoners were taken be- t
n fore the UnitedStates Commissioners, where a
they were committed to jail, Noble in de- c
fault of $90,000, and tle others $15,000 a
each.-Peterson'a Dteetiue.
True Refinement.
t It is most difficult for the man of narrow t
f Ideas and low aspirations to become agentle- ii
man, even in appearance. There is certain
Sto be an occaslodal outcropping o the real A
man, an-indication of the vulgar mind be- a
neath. He may have all the graces of per- b
son and all theaccomplishments deemed neo k
censary in a gentleman, but to the discern- u
lng eye, the thin protecting shield which
these affllord will sufce. As the polished is
knife of the surgeon cuts through the tumor gj
and diseloses disease, so does the probing si
question of the man of the world show the tl
innate vulgarity of the assumed gentleman.
It is amusing, though, to see how often the ti
mere appearance of refinement, a mere sur- !l
face poli, Imposes upon those who deem l
themselves competent to judge, and com-
pletely deceIves them rgarding the char- ec
acter of their asooleiea. In most cases, how- d
ever, only those are deceived who are them- dl
selves lacking in some of the attributes of h,
true gentility. Genuine refinement attends it
only those of its kind. There is an aristo-
craey of intellect to which no plebean place
hunter is admitted, and whose MiibolefA he
can not hope to learn.
True refinement is a quality not of the
head alone but of the- heart the one sup
plles the Intultion, the other the .inelinatiou; l
one cultivates the taste and distingulshes
the true course, the other impels to its
adoption.. p•
SIt is a mistake, however, and one into
which writers too frequently fall, to suppose rY
that a man may be a gentleman simply be
canue he is actuated bygenerous impulse. a
The word Implies something more than
mere nate goodness of heart-it indicates fo
note the 1 i, though precious stone, but to
the d jewel. The term gentleman em
4 mars whose heart aisn the right o
,and who ha, from the advantages of
sad Hle a cufired m thepower be
of i u advamsage. TI
t. psg, a can newer becoae a gen
e d .'and bteo i t, ti
Uga. Nsip and moral good qual g to
intheattributes of gentility, coartesy h
itsdhilleguhbiagjrlr, fr
E D ai ae'f llait w -Richard Metzdorfl tbl
of sff sibirbtabiS ed tie esomojqition of wi
d ra ItLied "tosanuade and ier So
Steags dn a gdes iistrelbs. ca'
DOIERTIC IELANUE.
SCURRANT Sitt' it.-Your currants mliuIt br
quite ripe. Pick them from the stalks, and
squeeze them through a linen bas. 'To each
I quart of Juice allow one pound of loaf-su
gar put the sugar and juice into a preserv
ing-kettle, and let It melt before it goes to
the llre boil it ten minutes, skimming it
well. When cold, add a gill of the best
white brandy to each quart of the juice.
allow one pound of loaf-sugar; put the su
gar and Juice into a preserving-kettle, and
let it melt before it goes on the fire: boil it
ten minutes. skimming itwell. Whencold.
add a gill of thg best white brandy to each
quart of the juice. Bottle it, and set it
away for use, sealing the corks. It improves
by keeping.
BLACKBERRY WIsK.-The following is
the plan used by the Swiss settlers in the
United States, and it is said to make most
excellent wine: To one bushel of berries
put two gallons of t.', r, and expre ss the
juice to each gallon of the liquid ad-I one
pound of refined wlhite sugar. Put into a
cask about a peck of freshly-burned char
coal, broken Into small pieces; then poue
the liquid upon it. Let it ferment. As soon
as the fermentation subsl.es close the cask
tight, and let it remain 3ntil Jr'nu:ary, or
later; then rack it off and bottle it, andl set
it in a cool cellar.
IRASPBERRY VIxEGAR.-One pound c tIhe
fruit in a china bowl pour on it ore quiart
best white wine vinegar; next day traili
the juice on to one pound of fresh Irui'. th.
same the following day don't sque. z." t ht
fruit, drain it through a sieve, the la-t t not
pass it through a canvas wet with vinegar:
one pound of sugar to every pint of jimui:
stir it when melted; put the jar int, a
sauce-pan of water; let it simmer and skim
it; when cold bottle it. The fruit, with as
equal amount of sugar. makes xrc.ll-en:
raspberry cakes without boiling.
GLUE WHICHI WILL UNITE EVEN ol'lo.ItiED
STmE..-A Turkish receipt for a cemtnt used
to fasten diSmotnds and other precious stoncs
to metalic surfaces, and which is said to
unite even surfaces of polished steel, al
though exposed to moisture, is as follows,:
"Dissolve five or six bits of gum Ina:tile
each of about the size of a large pea, in as
much spirits of wine as will suffice to render
it liquid. In another vessel, dissolve as
much isinglass, previously softened in wa
ter, as will make a two-ounce vial of strona
glue, adding two small bits of jlm ammo
liac, which must be rubbed unTil it is dis
solved. Then mix the whole with heat
I When It 3i to be used, set the vial in hoilinr
water.
GRAVY FOR IIOAST OR BAKED CIIIt'KEN.
Put the giblets and neck into a small eauce
pan, sprinkle over a little salt and pepper.
then cover them Rich boiling water and set
on the back part of the stove or range, to
cook slowly, as soon as you have put the
chicken into the oven; dip the feet and legs
into boiling water long enough to scald ofi
all the leathern skin, and put them Into tin
sauce-pan to boll with the giblets and neck.
The feet and lower part of leg, that are usu
Ally thrown away, contain a good deal o
jelly, which gives a very desirable richnes
and Oody to the gravy, and when boiled ten
der, many think a great delicacy to be ervedt
whole. When the giblets are boiled ten
der, chop very fine, and, while chopping.
dredge over flour till you have made themo
like a paste, then put back into the water
they were boiled in, to simmer till the chick
ens are done. stirring occasionally. that thi
chopped giblets may not stick to the sauce
pan. After the chickens are taken up, set
the meat pan on the stove, and shake some
flour in'o the liquor at the bottom of the
pan. By the time the chickens are cookeo,
this should have bten done to a brown
gravy. After you have put in the flour do
not stir it until the liquor has boiled up over
it, then rub it quite smooth, and little by
little, pour in the water in which the chop
ped giblets are contained; stir constantly
until it thickens, and, If properly managed.
you will have a smooth, brown gravy of flne
flavor.
CARVING MsATS -It is a great accom
plishment to be able to carve well and ea
sily, without awkwardness; but it is one
that receives altogether too little attention.
Too often, it would seem, that the host or
hostess, or whoever is called upon to per
form this table duty, has no idea of there
being anythlog needed but to hack offin the
most expeditious manner as much meat as is
required to satisfy the wants of those pres
ent, without the slightest reference to the
mode In which it should be done, or the
choice bits to be secured by careful carving
We have frequently seen those who, in ev
ery other respect, were real gentlemen and
ladles, carve poultry, or a piece of meat, in
such a barbarous manner, as to banish all
desire to eat, and almost the ability to taste
the big, uncouth, mangled lump that was
put, or rather thrown on our plates. To
cut offa thick, rough piece from any part
that the knife happens to light upon rst,
aside from being untidy, and unpalatable, is
also wasteful. After two orthree such care
less cuttings, the whole piece is so degced
and uneven, that it is no longer possible to
secure a decent looking bit; and the bone
is left with much adhering to It, in ragged
morsels, that dry and become worthless if
left over to the next day, but which, had
the joint been properly carved, could have
been sent to the table for a cold relish for
tea, in a neat and attractive form.
Our ladies are seldom good carvers, and do
notoften attempt it. Few have been taught,
or thought it worth while to try and learn;
but in early times it was considered an in
dispensable part of a girl's education. The
want of such knowledge often leaves one I
an unpleasant and embarrassing position; I
for to every one there occasionally comes a
time when the gentleman of the family
must be absent, and the lady must do the
carving, or ask a guest, who may be more
awkward than herself.
To stand up while carving Is notas proper
or skillul a way of doing the work as to be
seated; but it is sometimes easier and more
convenient, and, if the table is crowded, less
troublesome to the guests. In such cases it I
is quite allowable.
SThe carving-knife must be sharp and thin.
A large, broad bladed knife is needed for I
meats a long, narrow, and sharp pointed I
blade r poultry and game; both should be I
kept in perfect order, and always ready for
use.
When dished, poultry and game must be
laid on the back, the breast uppermost, for
the greater convenience of the carver, who t
should put the fork Into the breast, holding t
the bird firmly, until he has taken off the
wings and the legs, cut out the "merry I
to.t," or "wish bone." cut nice, even
slc. srom the breast, and removed the col- I
lar bone. A skillful carver will do all this
without ones turningK the fowl over. Next
cut offthe side bone, and cut down the back,
dividing the careass in two. Separating the r
drumst ekfrom the second joint, and in a
helping lady, if she prefer the wing, cut C
it in two prt that she may handle it more
conveniently.
A ham, oraleg of lamb or mutton, should
be first cat in the middle, clean down to the
bone, pasing theknlfe all round. Thencut
thin, even slices, from the upper or thicker
part, separating each shloe from the bone at
the bottom, carefully without tearing it.
Some siles can also be cat from the lower
part of the leg or ham, which are just as
good as the upper part* but after a little
you come to the ords or fibers, and tbeh the
remainder of the lower put should be set
aside, to eat out all the little bits for a rel
Ish at tea, or, in ham, to chbep up as season
ing, or, with scraps of other kinds of meat,
for haah. By cutting meat in this way
much., ty be saved. Good carving is goo
economy.
The middle portion of boiled tongue is the
best, and habould be first served to guests.
The lip is only ft for hashes. It should al
ways be cut emeuwise.
When dishing sirloin, place it on the plat
ter with the tenderloin underneath, and In
caning, cat thin slies from the side next
to you ;then turn the iece over, and arve
the tenderloin caret lly, serving Iqually
from both parts.
t caring a fore quarter of lamb. divide
the shoulders from the ribs then eparate
e ribs se.arve bitof the kidney and fat
with ear ,EsIf a ugresable toysurguats.
Some ko. Is .l., the kidney, and would
eat mt moreeih If it were not on their
plate. Fore quarter of pork or mutton Is
carved in the same way.
In carving a fillet of veal, begin at the top
4. cut, serving a portion of the dressing to
*-ach guest. When carving the breast of
veal, cut the upper portion of the brisket.
:i>' that part ot the breast that lies next to
tlie ribs, separately, and in helping, Inquire
what part is preferred.
'Some like to send a young pig whole to
tle table, with a lemon or bunch of parsley
in the mouth. We think It much n:cer to
take off the head, and cut the pig in halves
or quarters, before sending it to the table,
and then carve it. It would be very un
pleasant to many to see such a revolting car
icature of a live pig brought before them.
But each one must judge for himnself.-Mrs.
Henry Ward Beecher.
BlIet-root brandy is an English tipple, said
to beat root-beer.
New Bedford's washerwoman have all
gone to cam p-meting and her soiled clothes
go unwashed.
The watermelon season has hardly yet
opened and yet Augusta, Ga., sends 13,,25
watermelous North in four days.
Sorne one says that the great defect in
Armerican women is their lack of originality.
Dresses of light cloth, braided with a da
ker color, will be very fashionable next
tall.
A new style of fringe is called silk bullion.
and I1 us d for trimming handsome silk
costumes.
Organie musulin dresses are very pretty
and stylish trimmed with I)ucbesse or Val
enciennes lace.
Tambulr work is now all the rage, and is
used fr I inlrlrir'rg .'"as, idresses andt lingerie
ol all kindll.
A iew tyle of dr'.s, goodsis i ofcashmere,
two yards wide, striped with broad satin
stripes the samne shades as the material.
Blue or olive green cloth habits are more
fashionable this lear tl.an black, and a high
hlat is en ,egle, and no other is.
A colt in Camnbridge. Mass., about a week
olt is only twenty-three iitches in hight
and weighs twenlty-seven pounds.
Tobacco jlice bringi good toextirpate po
tato buns, Illinois farmers invite their nm igh
bors to the wing plicleics on their fields.
An Iowa boy his male a sewing machine
with a jack-knife. from pine boards and some
wires, that makes perftect stitches.
There are abonl twenty-seven candidates
for the inex governorship ofMassachusetts,
besides. tho-e who are indulging a hope.
The Emperor of Geruiany has presented
to Herr P. Ilertel the conrpo-er of" Flick
und Flock," a diamond ring on the occasion
ofits three hundredth performance.
An application of cologne to a young per
sonl's cheek it is said, will bring a bIht-h. It
would be a good thing f r sortmeie of the ten
der c'dansels at the watering planc s.
Many persons who have houses int the
country re nt them during the three summer
months at a protit which enables them to
live comfortably in the city al.d el joy 'hem
selves.
blme. Grundy Is teliii:g all her |i iends that
this is the meanest summer she ever pa.*ed;
that there is nobody anywhere, and that
everybody has gone to Europeor elsewhere.
The hotel keepers propose to ask a lower
rate of prices for the rem indler of the s a
son, and by having a house full by t his means
make up for their heavy losses at the begin
ning of the season.
Ladles at the sea-shore are c..mlpell<.d to
wear short tdresses, as the sea air hits the ef
fect of shrinking nearly every material ex
cal t silks, and a malti is kept c instantly
busy letting down and altering her lIdy's
wardrobe.
People who go to the Catskill or White
Mountains make a great mistake in taking
much baggage, as they charge for it by the
pound. One gentleman with a large family
had to pay $50 for the getting up and down
the mountain of the baggage alone.
Ladies used to pride themselves on mak
ing their diesses last a number of years, but
now when any one says to them, "how
well that dress has lasts d." they consider it
more in the light of an insult than a compli
ment, and a reflection on them for, having
appeared in it iu public so many times.
The origin of sea bathing as a curative is
uncertain, and some people declare it a farce
to go to the sea shore for health. When re
duced to plain common sense essence, sea
bathing means only early hours, simple liv
ing, plenty of exercise, and a good deal of
open-air washing; and, if the same laws
wereadop:ed here, they would answer
equally well..
EFFECTS OF ALCOHOL ON TaE SYSTEM.
S Alcohol forms no part of the living body,
and when taken into the stomach is rapidly
I abeorbed, or rather permeates the mem
branes and the coats of the blood-vessels,
and finds its way into the blood, with which
I it forms no homogeneous mixture, but alien
f like, is hurried along in the circulation, to
I be eliminated, in great part, as speedily as
possible, that which Is retained producing
very equivocal effects, and in many instances
painful and fatal diseases. It escapes by
way of the lungs, as shown in the breath of
those who have been drinking ardent spirits
or strong wines, and also by the skin and
kidneys. That portion of the alcohol which
is retained in the body accumulates most
readily in the brain and liver, and it has
been found in its pure state after death in
these organs, especially in the brain. The
first manifest effects of an alcoholic liquor
are on the brain and nervous system gener
ally, on which it acts, in a small dose, as an
excitant, and in a larger one as a narcotic.
Other parts are effected in a corresponding
manner, being at first stimulated, not
strengthened, and atterward retarded and
weakened in their action. For example, the
heart, that wonderful and never ceasing
pump. when its inner surface is reached by
the tide of blood containing alcohol works
away so much the fAster to get rid of the
intruder; in so doing its machineryis need
lessy strained, and If this be continued from
day to day, is apt to be deranged and sooner
worn out. Under the operation of the pro
longed use of alcoholic liquors the heart
often becomes hypertrophled or morbidly
thickened, and at other times dilated and
thinner in its substance; or a still worse
condition supervenes-its museular texture
is converted into fatty matter, and it fails to
contract with the requisite force and regu
larity, and 1i liable at any moment to cease
beating. In this sudden cessation of toe
heart's action is found an explanation of
some of the sudden deaths of which we
read. These destructive 'effects of the use
of alcoholic liquors are not by any means
confined to drunkards; they are seen in
persons who have never been intoxicated
during their lives, but who have been regu
lar drinkers of these liquors. The liver is
diseased in a similar manner from the like
can 'e.-Lippincot's Magazsie.
A ROMANTIC TRADITION.-Tl rer Is a ro
mantic story told of Newport's affahi in the
last century, which, if old to some, may be I
quite new to many others. It runs thus: I
That a Mr. Cranston, on a vo3age to the
West Indles, was overtaken and captured by
the pirates. Seven years went by, bringing I
no news of the missing man to his wife, who
long before the end of that tame accounted I
herself a widow. Laying aside her weeds she I
prepared bridJl dresses anew to consummate I
her marriage with a Mr. Russel,of Boston. I
On the eventful day, the escaped prisoner I
reached his home to learn the tidings. He I
called at the house under theassumedname I
of afriendof the late Mr. Cranston, butwhen I
alone with the bride to be, he pushed back the
hair from his forehead and pointed to a scar
once well known to het. The lady recog
ued him, and though in anythng but
grwOm-like toilette, she flew to his
claiming hi as indeed hers. Mr Ruse
was ealled iu to learn the truth of thseld I
proverb. "There's many a sllbetwixt the
cup and the lip," and torea has fair ro
pects. The story runs that ori ral n-r
were united over again, ad that Russel t
gallantlypresented the bride with a wed-.
Kicked by I Mule.
Jake Johnson had a mule. There was
nothing remarkable in the mere fact of his
heing the possessor of such an animal, but
there was something peculiar about the
mule. lie-the animal--could kick higher,
hit harder, on the slightest provocation, and
act uglier than any mule on record.
One morning riding his property to I
market, Jake met Jim Boggs. against whom
he had an old, but concealed grudge. He
knew Boggs' weakness lay in bragging and
betting; therefore, he saluted him accord
ingly.
S"Hlow are you, Jim Fine morning?"
"Hearty. squire," replied Jim. Fine I
weather. Nice mule that you have. Will I
he do to bet on
"Bet on? Guess he will that. I tell you,
Jim Boggs, he's the best mule in. this
country. Paid $.00 for himn."
(reat`smash! Is that so'" e.jac5ulated
Jim.
"Solid truth, every word of it. '1'xll you
confidentially, Jim, I'm taking him down
for betting purposes. I bet he can kick a
fly off from any man without his hurting
him."
"Now, look here, squire." says Jimn. I I
am not a betting character, but I'll bet you t
something on that myself."
"Jim, there's no use don't bet, I don't I
want to win your money."
Don't be alarmed, squire, I'll take such
bets as them every time."
Well, if you are determined to bet, I will
risk a small stake-say five dollars."
"All right, equire, you're my man. But t
who'll he kick the fly off? There is no one I
here but you and I. You try it."
"No," says Johnson; I have to be by I
he mule's head to order him."
Oh! yass," says Jim. "Then probably I
I'm the man. W'aal, I'll do it; but you
are to bet ten against my five, if I risk it."
All right," quoth the squire. Now. I
there is a fly on your shoulder. Stand still."
And Johnson adjusted the mule.
Whist Jervey," said he.
The mule raised his heels with such vel
ocity nd force that Boggs rose in the air I
like a lsrd. and alighted on all-fours in a
muddy ditch, bang up against a rail fence.
Rising. In a towering rage, he etclaimed: t
Yass, that is smart! I knew your darned
mule couldn't do it. You had that all put I
up. I wouldn't be kicked like that for fitty
dollars. You can just fork over them are i
stakes for it any way."
"Not so fast, Jim; .Jervey did just what I
I said he could; that is, kick a fly offa man I
without its hurting him. You see the mule c
is not injured by the operation. However, I
If you are not satisfied, we will try it again, I
as often as you wish."
"The deuce take you," growled Jim. I
I'd rather have a barn fall on me at once I
than have that critter kick me again. I
Keep the stakes, but don't say anything
about it."
And Boggs trudged on in bitterness of a
saul, murmuring to himself, "Sold, by a
thunder and kicked by a mule
Tns BIRTHLfaCe Or Pi('KwIcit.--Thisl
little monastic enclosure is Furnival's Inn,
once the mansion of the Furnival family,
"A valient family," says Mr. Jesse. "from
Girard de Furnival, who fought by the side
of Richard Cu'ur de Lion. on the plains of
Palestine, to Thomas de Furnival, the com
panion of the Black Prince, on the field of I
Cressy." Alas!
"The knights are dust,
Their good swords are rust,
And their souls are with the saints, we trust."
No more helm and tabard, lance and trum
pets round the house of Furnival; but law
yers' deeds, blue bags and red tape. In 1383
the gallant, hard-fighting Furnivals became
extinct, and the Inn fell by marriage to the
Earls of Shrewsbury. In the reign of Ed
ward VI., however, an Earl of Shrewsbury I
sold it to Lincoln's Inn. The Inn was re
built in the reign of James I.; but a part of i
t having been destroyed by fire and the rest a
grown ruinous, It was pulled down in 1817. i
and rebuilt by Mr. Peto, whose complacent I
statue now flgures in the center.
In the old building there was a chapel, i
near which stood a mulberry tree. a relic, t
perhaps, of James I., when loyal persons t
planted mulberry trees by the kings's wish,
to furnish food for the silkworms, which
were then being bred by the English silk
manufacturers. But the chief memory that
consecrates the inn is neither of the mul
berry tree, nor of the Knights of the Cressy, i
it is a later and more immortal memory.
At No. 15, high up at the top on the right
hand sideas you face the doorway, are the f
humble chambers where Mr. D)ickens was I
living when he wrote "Pickwick." ie was i
newly married then, and writing ze alouslv t
for the newspapers. Here his quick taney t
devised that most delightful crowd of odd- c
ties,genial old "Pickwick," romantic '~Suod
grass," daring Winkle," and gallant t
"Tupman," the swift but vivacious "..Jin. t
gle," Sam Weller." the incomparable' I
here, with those vagrant pigeons from Guild t
hall, strutting and fluttering at the window, f
Dickens must have sat roaring at his own I
fun, and the creations of a humor only
transcended by him who created "Falstaff."
Yes, there has been laughing in the Inn be- s
fore now; for here at No. 3, down to the
left as you enter the archway, that gay, a
light-hearted "Mercutio," Mr. Charles
Mlathews, set up as an architect, and many a
brightcastle hebuilt. "I wentout one day,"
says Mr. Mathews, "left a card pinned up, r
'backin an hour,' and did not come back in
five years." t
.o +II
TnHa FATE OF A STOWAWAY.-Mark Au
burn, a poor Enghshman, resolved to come
to America. but he lacked the money for a
passage. While the ship Idaho was at Liver
pool, Auburn secreted himself in the hold,
and after she had got to sea he was discov
ered and taken on deck. He told the story
of poverty. The sympathy of the sailors was
excited and they gave him food, and he was
permitted to remain on deck. As there is
said to be a law, however, in Great Britain
against stowaways, the captain of the Idaho
resolved to return Auburn to England for
panishment, and when the vessel arrived in
this port he ordered Auburn to be locked up
nna little room. The English prisoner, when
the vessel got to its pier. could see from his
window the free shores of America ,while he
remained a prisoner under the British flag.
Anxious for liberty, he cut away the win
dow ot.his room witha pocketknife. Pass
Sing through the opening, he found that
there were no other means of reaching the
shore than by crawling along the hawser, as
the passage ways of the vessel were guarded.
Auburn made the attempt, but becoming
exhausted, lest his grip and fell into the dock,
where he was drowned. The body was tskc n
to the Morgue.-N. York sun.
GINoER PoP.--Theare is a story told of
Mr. Ralph Waldo Emersom, that once upon
a time he determined to live after the fash
ion of the world; and stopping, while he
was of thbs mind, at a country tavern in a vil
lage where he was to lecture, instead of re
tiring to meditate and freeze in his own cold,
cheerless room, he manfully sat in the bar
room like the rest of mankind. He en
dured the tobacco smoke as well as he could,
watched-no doubt with curiosity as lively as
Mr. Du Chasllu's on his first voyage to a can
nibal feast among the Fans-the actions of
the men who "sat atound." He saw one
after another walk up to the bar and demand
and swallow, a glass of whisky; and true
to his determination to do like other men, the
great philosopher so the tale goes, at last
rose, and no doubt, also with a sufficient
degree o cOurage in his port and counten
sace, advanced to the bar, and with a voice
modulated as nearly as he could after those
he had just heard, demanded a whisky
skin." The bar-keeper, a man of high prin
ciple, as well as found discretion, gazed into
the philosopherts face a moment, and then
s "id You do not want whisky; you want
ginger-pop;" and accordingly administered
tuat mild and harmless stimulant.-Fvening
Poet.
When a person gives a wedding present it
is the correct thing not to have It marked,
so that in case there are many duplicates of
it, it can be changed for some more needed
article.
Young lady physicians are multiplying
throughout our country, and as a result, it 1
issald, the young men are becoming more
slckly than they used to be.
About Vipe.s
hirs reptil, i+ not itearl r -i
gemnerally stpl)lri'oil. 'lr-u it l n.
omous langr and its It,ir i- ,.rv
oni, though not often ttal. I,, te
true apathy of its reptile t lta r,, i ;tr rv
unwilling to u-e its foruidabl". pfr
and will at all tirfe rather glile :;a- ,:t
bit.. I have walked f r dai thr~,r,"h h, ,,Ih
lanr!. that absolutely swar, lll ni i' i j,, r
of all shades of colors arnd all -i/.- 1-
foot brushed asil the lPui it I .'I
viper would cri I our of i,
softly away; or a ~,e'lII'Ie II;- i
point out the spot twi' a r r i .,,l
taken alarm, and was ji ri i.
presence of tlhe intruder. Not or,, i, i ;i
viper ever ofltr to attack n;. r lirln I l;.*
often have actually toucheid I heir ,,i, li. ;atI,
I feel sure that unless I vi :i i ii- I
den on, or in some way i njuretl th- ifltih.
it would not hate att('npteil to t i"
fangs.
Only or e, did I see a viper in tl.. .tiw le
of attack, and this was ullder p .iil ir 'ir
eumstances. Knowing tllat I t llk ;.an u.
ac'ouintable intere-t in the-e rep'i',., a mliall
-Hinimoned up courage to hri.r. e t r or
:lving viper. Of course I patI hiilr, anr
then had the siortiiicatioa o(t ti li, tii hat
the poor reptile was quire disatlih ,tI. I, I, mi,
having crippled it by a blow fl rr In. -i.k
before hlie dared to meddle airh i. ht,,,,
it was placed on the ground. i trited to
crawl away, but being unable 1io ,o
erected the sound portion of uhie ,Ii'v :,al
stood on the defensive, striking at ,)v-;.
thing that came near it. Butt lhi was ii,, i
acting on the defensive. It It coin',il la:ve
crept away, It would have done but
being crippled, and unable to Iccape. it tn
deavored to use its tangs as the oril i mr,olr, of
protection. I have set'n the comnnon
snake assume a similar mer,:ni'n r.r t it,h
and strike as tiercely as If it Ipo.-:.,! r
poison fangs of the viler.
Few persons know how loth a p ,.,i-,,
serpent is to use its fang, except for t;`, ir
legitimate object, that of taking lprey. It
will endure a large amount of rough l.ir d
lind before it will strike, and rarerl itf vr
will do so unless .provoked. The "lato Mr.
Waterton was so well aware of tl.i+ fact,
that he was accustomed to handlle rl e mot
venomous snakes with perfect imilr Iitv. lie
has been seen, to taker a numbtr <ift rattle
snakes from a box, carry them into an.other
room, put them into a glass case. aind after
ward replace thetn in the box. 'Th, sprung
their rattles-a truly learfulI :snu:n.-:r.il
hissed, but made no attempt to bite :heir
captor. lie told me that any e- ,e ourtl do
the same, and that if the serpe; were only
approached very gently, and t[ken up with.
out being tightly grasped, it would not even
think of biting, its sluggish reptile nature
not being sufficiently rous(l. Acting on
this principle, when he was in the wilds ot
Guiana, he trusted his bare feet io placet
where the most deadly snakes in the world
abound, and would trake up, examine, and
release again serperits whose bite was preoen t
death.
The same rule holds good with the viper.
One of my friends, when a boy. caught a
viper, which he took for a harmless snake.
lie chased and caught it in his bare hand,
twisted it round his neck, and brought it
home. He then exhibited the reptile to his
friends, laughing at their folly at being afratl!
of so harmless a reptile, and p'ayed all
kinds of pranks with it, the viper not using
his fangs until he tied it in a knot, ard drew
the knot so tight as to hurt the creature.
Its patience then gave way, for which it
could in no wise be blamed, and it hit hiim
in the hand, teaching him for the future to
discriminate between aviper and a lharmless
Snake.
The reader mgy well learn hera a hat he
ought to have lknown before. 'Tlre irc no
possibility of tpistaking the two rt p:iles
when the distinction is once known. Tt'';
viper has a black. zigzag pattern running
along the center of the back. looking like i
black chain and on the head there is a black
V, standing, we may snppose, as the initial
of VIper. The black chain down tile back
is, however, an unfailing mode of detectiig;
the viper, even if only a few inches of the
body be visible.-Cassll's Magazine.
Follow Your Bent.
Almost every man, says the PAhreoloical
Journal, of a very decided character has an
inclination for some particular pursuit in
which he is anxious to achieve success, and
so marked is this, generally, that he nor hib
friends will have any difficulty in perceiving
it. Let him follow that, if itbe possible, for
in that line lie is most certain to gain dis
tinction. Many men, however, are so cos
mopolitan in their tastes and versatile in their
capacities, that it matters little to them in
what they engage. Thtir pride leads them
to strive for success in whatever they under
take, and, tbesides, success brings wealth;
hence there is no lack of sLimnlllls to exer
tion. 3lany men, too, are unable, from the
force of surrounding ctrcutnstenes, to fol.
low the calling of their choice, and entr
upon that which offers to them the greatet
pecuniary inducements. ''he have no
special desire to achieve reputation in it, anl
prosecute it for the sake of its pecuniary re
ward; hence they become mere uloner
getters.
The cases in which men have met with
very decided success in any occupation or
prolession have almost always been these
for which they have shown a great prediloc
tion and they have engaged in it frequently
under the most discouraging circumstances,
anl pursued It persistently when ordinary
men would have abandoned it it in despair.
They found their reward in their labor, and
if they were progressing toward their goal.
.nattered little to them whether they were
asiumulating a golden store or not. They
worked for the future, taking good care to
make a diligent use of the present, well sat
isfied that the future would bring its reward.
Such men hardly need to be pointed to their
goal; it is shrined in their Inmost hearts.
What they most need are words of encour
agement and cheer, coupled with suggestive e
advice, lest they faint by the wayside In the
dark days which so often occupy the promi
nent places in their earlier calendar.
There is, as we have already said, a large
class of men who have no decided IncliDs
tion for any particular pursuit, and are at a
loss to know In what to engage. They are
not destitute of talent by any means, but
they have not the polar star of a fixed pur
pose, like the first, to draw them onward
and to light their upward way. These men
will accomplish much, very much, provided
only that they be properly directed, and they
will soon come from very force of h bit it
love the pursuit in which they engage, and
to be very desirous of achjeving success is
it. What they need Is, when they arrive at
the period of life in which they must choose
some occupation, some guiding head to as*
certain for what they are best qualified; and
start them fairly in the track in which they
are the most likely to succeed. Judicious
friends and relatives are often abl- to do this
successfully, but not unfrequently they are
as u,.able to direct him as the young candi
date himself, and serve only to perp!ex bim
with their multifarious counsel.
Every man of very decided cast of mind
must, from his very organization, decide for
himself upon those subjects which may now
and then be brought to the bar of his own
judgment. But because he is unwilling to
be governed by the e:ictum of any man.
there is no reason hvby he should not aYil
himself of all the iatormation possible to be
obtained, aud summon all the witnesse
whose testimony he can command, ere he
form his opinion and enter his verdict: and
if he he wise, this is just what he will do.
P 4m.---
To l:e constantly busy is to be always halp
py. Persons who have suddenly acquired
wealth, broken up their active pursuits, and
begun to live at ease, waste away and die io
a very short time. You who are sighioS
for the pomp and splendor of life, beware.
Ye know not what ye wish. No situatlion,
however exalted; no wealth, hoWever mag
nificent; no honors, however glorious. a0
yield you solid enjoyment while discontest
lurks in your bosom. The secret of hapPi
ness lies in this-to be always contented
with your lot. Persons who are alweS
busy and go cheerfully to their daily t
are the least disturbed by the the tluctuati..
of business and at night sleep with perCf
composure.