THE NEW CHICAGO.
2
Se
ANXIETY AND HOPE AMONG THE PEOPLE.
{PROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRRSPONDENT OF THR TRIBUNR.|
CH10AGO, Oct. 13.—It is impossible to con
vey to persons at a distance a true picture of the condition
of affairs here. Words may photograph the skeleton edi
foes and the smoking ruins, the weird desolation and the
mighty dostraction, but they cannot Aflord any adeqnate
appreciation of the suffering, anxiety, exhaustion, and,
tumultuous and ceoflicting emotions of the afflicted
people. One must be on the ground and part of the
hourly scenes fully to comprehend the complex eritua
tion. The feeling of security has no existence among us,
notwithstanding the fact that the conflagration has spent
its consuming force throughout the broad area It swept,
and that ab resumption of ita devastating course can be
reasonably feared from that quarter. It is the specter
of ingendiariem that banishes all ideas of safety, and
ever since the fatal Sunday night of our Black October,
‘bn steady wind, often amounting to a gale, has been
blowring from the south-west. All this while—in the face
of the menaces of peril—the waterworks have
boon disabled, and hence compulsorily helpless and idle.
With Lake Michigan rolling on the’jeast, and with Chi
©ago River trisecting the city, water has become a com
modify, and is used with sparing economy even for the
purposes of cooking and abjution. In every household
laundry operations have been restricted to sbsolute
neocossities. For several days the mains have been
flushed with water pumped from the lake and the river
by fire engines; but these have accomplished merely 8
little toward a legitimate or efficient supply. This uni
versal ack of water gives activity to the dread of fucen
diary fires; for the hope of extinguishing them, once
under headway, is exceedingly slight. lence, trifling
alarms creste intense excitements. For example, a
pedestrian to-day, in passing a house, detocted the
smell of smoke, and stopped to expiore the cause. It
turned out to be nothing more than whiffé from the
chimney precipitated into the streets by flaws of the
wind. But before this simple solution could be reached,
more than 100 eager and exclamatory persons bad con
grogated om the spot. Every unusual circumstance in a
neighborhood, however really insignificant it would bave
been at other times, such as the rattling by of a hose
carriade, or the gathering of a little knot of people on
corner, is sure to bring a crowd out of their houses to
inquire into the meaning of the phenomenon.
‘When, this afternoon, ja fire broke out in a stable toward
the suburbs of the West Division, thousands
of excited men, women, and children were on the side
walks, in front of their dwellings, miles from the scene,
full of apprehension and eagerly questioning all comers
from that direction about the facts of the case. The ex
perionoes of Bunday night, when the conflagration,
starting in a trumpery frame stable attached to an
equally trumpery residence, swept over go large an area
within six hours, have left upon the minds of our citizens
a vivid impression. of perils to come of apparently con
temptible causes. Hence every eye and ear and brain is
painfully on the alert, and even trivial occurrences are
watobed with solicitude ss the possible indications of
weighty matters. Perhaps no better idea of the general
feeling of uneasiness can be given than hy the etate
ment that it is the exception, rather than the rule, to
find household without trunks strapped and on the
first floor, easy of access for instantaneous exit, and
other preparations for a speedy removal. A fire in any
part of the unburned district which should involve half
a dosen or more structures would be likely to result in
consternation miles distant, and possibly in an im
mediate and wide-spread stampede. People now take
counsel of their fears much more than of their sober
second thoughts.
Soon after nightfall this evening, the fire alarm sounded,
{rdicating danger at the corner of Madison and Canal
sts. This isin the very midst of the new business por
tion of the city, where firms from the burned district
have made another commencement, and opened the
scanty remnants of their stocks for sale. At once there
was an exhibition of intense excitement. People swarmed
into the streets in all directions, far and near. Vehicles
of ell kinds rattled down the thoroughfares leading to
the scene of peril, to be in readiness to save from the
threatened devastation a remnant of the remnants. In
dividusis were dispatched from neighborhoods to learn
the extent of the danger and the probabilities, as a basis
for further action. Fortunately the flames were soon
extinguished, and the excited multitude once more re
tired within doors with a sigh of ineffable relief.
TIONS.
The present greatest need of the people of Chicago is
sleep and rest. A large part of the population, and gen
erally the female portion, are thoroughly worn down
with nervous exoitement and unintermitted apprehen
sion, from which there appears even now no prospect of
relief. Nearly the whole city was awake all Sunday
night, and most of Monday night, with very inadequate
sleep over since. At least 100,000 men, women and ebil
dren wers thrown out of house and home by the confla
gration, and a very considerable proportion of these have
found temporary shelter in the dwellings of friends,
relatives, acquaintances,f and even of strangers. Doors
have been opened wide with unstinted hospitality every
where to the destitute and the afflicted. These acts of
charity or fellow-feeling have proved factors of disturb
ance as well as of repose. The recital of hair-breadth
escapes, added to the preparations to give comfort and
rest to the fire-scathed sufierers, '3 had the effect to in
tensify feelings already highly wrought, so that
the most exhausting eniotions thit can find lodg
spent in buman brains bave been constantly
ted with new incentives. 8o long-continued a drain upon
the vital resources is one of the most lamentable features
of the siraation. Only partial alleviation of this brooding
dread and tendency to nervous excitement car be ex
pected until the water-works shall be again in operation.
No greater sense of rellef could come to any housebold
than to find a stream pouring forth on turning the cock
of tho kitchen sink. That would be an assurance that
the danger of widespread conflagration had passed
away, and that the watchfulness of the peopls and the
exertions of the firemen would be able to frustrate the
ai even of incendiaries. All eyes, then, are
IR ar Sense solicitnde to the Water-works. From
day to day, there Lave becm announcements that the
supply would be turned off within the next 24
hours; but, as theese declarations have failed in
succession, anxiety has deepened, and the
cealization of the helplessness of the community to
protect itself from arson or even accidental fire has be
some more complete and depressing. All know that
every exertion that mortal power can put forth will be
made; yet that cannot assuage present apprehension or
obliterate the knowledge of our prostrate inefficiency.
Although soldiers are on guard throughout tLe city, and
although the police force, formerly on duty on the North
3jde and in part of the South Division, has been with
drawn for the protection of the unburnt districts, still
the feeling of insecurity is so prevalent thal numerous
neighborhoods have organized loca) citizen patrols, on
their own responsibility, and kecp ward and watch the
night long over one another's property. Buspicious per
sons are arrested by these home guards and turned over
to the suthorities to give an account of themselves.
But thus overwhelmned, our people are not in despair.
There is a cheerful side to the picture. Tue ruin is not
beyond repair. Our business men are full of hope, and
thoroughly imbued with the sentiment of 8t. Paul's ex
hortation to the Philippians, Forget those things which
are behind, and reaching forth to those things that are
before.” If lately there was a Chicago. which has
ascended partly to the skies in flames and smoke, and
crumbied partly to the earth fn ashes and ruins, there is
on abiding faith in that other Chicago which belongs to
the future—a Chicago more cyclopean in its massiveness,
more msthetic in its architecture, more secure in its dura
bility, mere sagacious in its providings, more compre
bensive in its commerce, more utilitarian in its progress.
of the country to take the place of what has ceased to
exist. Itis confidently believed that hundreds of East
ern men who havg large juvestments jn real estate in
Chicago, will not Bliediy amd foolishly permit depgeoia
tion to deatroy’'what the fire bas left, but that they
rather will come to the ald of recuperation, and adfl new
nerve and fotoe to the strength now being elerved with
#0 much dirept efficiency. These, and aay Uke ue.
statices, seem to conspire to substitute safely for peri 1
to bring or nisapion out of disorganization, to exo
prosperity ron: 1saster.
THE MENTAL STRAIN RESULTING FROM THE FIRE
~—THE CHICAGO OF THE FUTURE—EXPECTA

Some persons, still more sanguine, regard the skies of
COhioago’s future as aglow with the brightest promises,
They go so far aa to predict that, on the Fourth of July,
1876, when the American people shall signalize the cen
tennial celebration of Independence Day, the logins
in Chicago, who £hall Aally forth from his comfortable
q io the mers magnificent and most celebrated
hote) structure in the interior of our continent, to search
m SRR fot traces of the pressnt conflagration, w
have only his laber for bis his Vy view
long sirslabeo of nately ky busy wi tho hui of
com 0 loud with the whirl of machinery. tked
by paventaia wud a swariiing with peleatr an
and vebictes; ppy and comfortabl
the now bisak and fire blasted North Division; rH
and contentment, selfsufelency, Sovelopuen end sub
stantial Jrogrees will be everywhere v thet hart
vestige will remain to resord, with any sort of
cance, our Jroesics unperalieled calamity, unless it
should be intentional; and that the sorrow, the
goon and the depression which mark the black
tober of our fistory, will have been ex
changed for rejoicing, animation, and buoyancy.
Thus does popular feeling run through the whele gamut
~from Geapvidonty to sanguineness. But this eannot
be doubted, that pluck—Western grit—whose othér name
18 luck, 1s master ofy the situation. There is no fuolina
tion to oy over spilt milk. All not thorongy Pros
trated by the sudden blow are up and doing, with their
backs to the past and their faces fixed resolutely to the
future, Under id Faplaly coming out of confusion. Civ
lization is beginning reassert ita contrel over the
fire distriot, Tewporary structures Are going up in
various directions. The debris has been cleared away
from several sites, and brick huildings ave already rising
above the oh fouidationa. No Sopvieuon 4dmh:te be
stronger t e ‘wisdom to reoccupy
the business portion 3 the Both Divislon at the earliest
practicable moment, for there is the Jogis mate home of
Our commerce. VArious Jhotosraph artists were Along
the ruins to-day fakin v ews 0 Jugortan} lundmar or
picturesque swroundiags, before y shall disappear
fore the march of reconstruction.
One noteworthy entube of our crisis 1s the fact that
there has been yory e apis of extortion among our
business classes. For two days it appeared as if every
former source of supply had been cut off, excepting only
the scanty stocks on hand lone retail dealers, and that
these could not be replenished iv time to meet the gen
¢:al demand. Few persons, however, advanced their
pies under this strong temptation. From first to last,
nearly every necessary of life has been purchasable in
peeded quantities at customary quotations.
FNFROY IN CHICAGO.
The following extract from a private letter
to a gentleman in New-York from his brother in Chicago
is only one among the many manifestations of the spirit
that still lives in the burned city
But we are a band of brothers still. Such a calamity
in twelve hours is without Jlecelient) 80, Bleo, are our
fidelity, energy, and unsel efforts to relieve 2408
other without precedent. Though hard down in misfor
tune, and the luckless vietima of even greater trials than
we yet realize, Je “we pull together;” and even while
still covered with Bone bub the ashes of our life-long
labors, we make bold fo claim the right of another effort,
New-York must and will, as also other moneyed centers,
“atake' us again. We must have ten millions immedi
ately, and that duplicate every six wonths for three
vaarea What say vou
RFLIEF FUND.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE CONTRIBUTIONS,
A. A. Low, Treasurer, reports the following
Additional subscriptions from 3 p.m. Oct, 18to 3p. m
Oct, 192
A. F. Peam Co.oaevvinnnn
Emplovées of A. F. Pesm Co
Jno. Lowitz Co..
First doastian from New-York
and Sandy Hook pilots...
Fmplovés India Rubber Comb
Co. (sdditionsl)..coovvns
Thos. M. Riley, for Michigas
sufferers
M. Hopke Co "ee
Collections of Fourth Preshy
terian Chureh..... seresives
A. Goettel 8 Co...ovvvvnnnnn
Jno. Jewitt Sons........00
Jno. Jewitt Fons, for Wis
Soaiis and Michigan suffer

Co
Ev plovés at J. Jewitt Sous’
White Lead Works,
Buplovés al J, Jett Sons!
Linseed Oil Works.........
St. Pllips P. E
Gratz Na
St. Baroabes
Emi Go NatlisBerscscrsasass
RBslitte Nathan............ won
III
Herrmann Lantenboch.....
Eaplorés Sturtevant, Moore
Ouennne
more
Russell Erwin Maoufec
turing Co., Richard P. Buff,
ALLOTDeY.. covaee
Rargrt Co.vvvnnnnnne
Hart Manufactoring Ouivies
Branford Lock Co., Thomas
Kennedy. President.
Hermaon, Boker Co...
Oo..........
een:

Falls,
Charles Parker.
W. Bruee......coonennne
Geo.
Norwalk Lock Co.
P. PF, Corbin
Wm, Jessop Sons.
F. Wiehuseh.
(ark, Wilson Co.
Durrie Rusber..
Stanley Rule and "Level "Cony
L. Mead, Treasurer......
Pecks Stow Wilcox Co..
Janeen, yoy Clark
Joo. Russell Mfr. Coven,
Lamson Goodnow Mfg. Co..
Meriden Catlery Co
Wallace Sons. covuviviiinnn
New-Britain Bank Lock Co...
Bradley {mith
W, 8. Batcher..
Alfred Field Co..
Van Wart, McCoy
Beem Murrag......
Hilger Sonps...... PPPPTT
Jno. (5. Witte Bros. P
Piame Atwood Mfg, Co.. Pn
Yale Lock Mfg. Co., Stam
ford, Conn
Hayden, Gere Co..........
Walsh, Coulter Wilson.
Behweitzer Mfg. 9s sereeee
Charles Peace, jr..
Asline Ward.
Barton, Alexander Ww Yer.
J. Riley Carr.

cranes
Co..uuus

IEEEEREEE ERE
EERE
PTY
&'00!
Wilson. Hawkaworth Co...
$100
100
L320 Henry Diekinson.....c..o..u0
0 Abbott Howard, 100
{F. W, Harrold...... 100
400 James W illiamson 100
IN, BK. Weed..... 1n0
20 Wm. A, Dodge Co 100
|3pics, Ksain Co. Too
200 "Burr Co.vernen.. 100
100, Douglass Manuf'g Co...ovuun 100
Livingston Gherita M'g Go, 100
290 Brown, Harris Hopkins. ww
500 Fernald Bigesuuviisieninnns 100
500 The Iron Age....... 100
Coffin, Lee 8 Co.....o0vvvv ie 100
‘Maury Marsball........... 100
500, Grabam Haines. 100
"Mov, Rosey Lovers ‘erie 100
163 Smith, Cohn Co.. see JO
Waterbary Brass Co...... 100
118 Behoverliog Daly.covinenns 100
Taw bk Garlichd. co covvrvenes 100
23 W.N. Rermonr Co........ 100
50 Louderbach, Gilbert Co... 10
A. Hawmuoter Co......... 100
105 W. H. Crossman Bro...... 50
104 Tunes Seymour Judds....
W.T. kJ. Merserean....... 50
50
50

5)
10 Duly ke 1 man Mang Co. 50
100 W, PF. Shatfoek Co........ 50
5 50
50
ob 13 50
Geo. B. Curtiss ow
Thomas E. Cable.... 50
1.000 Am. Flask and Cap Co. 50
1,000 Cowing Co., Seneca
sw K.Y.... 50
Lyman Fa “0
500 Bamployes Heory Seymour
Te n,m 5
0 Em Sorés Washburn Moen
W BYR CO iescecssotteness 54
50 Ripitb& Hall.eesveeeerirriee 25
500 Alfred H. Hildeck............ 25
50 Wm. Harmar Co..... eer 25
5x George Sanderson Co......
25) Wm. Irving.o.oveininnnnnnn 2
250 Fuller Brothers.............. 25
‘Wi. C. Corson Co........ 25
2530 Peters Hrothers.............. pA
20) Lows Struller.....ooooounen.. 25
250) Jobn B. Bogart... 25
250(8, Ous Liviegston........... p<]
250 Samuel Roosevelt... ..o.u..es 25
250 T. H. Clalmers Co......... 2
25% J.P. Pratt Co.vvvvnnnnnrnn 25
250. Moore. ...coovvviiininiin PA]
250. H. J. W. King............ 25
250 'Heary Feymour C0 ier ree 2
250 John 8. Holler Co......... 20
250 Juhn W. Whitehead. 10
250 J. A. McKindess............. 0
250 Buployés W. N
SW €O.covveecenvivresonns 13
250 J. Curley Bro....... 10
Clerk, Yaie Lock Co........ 5
O50 Coal ..covvierrverrarirreees 4
2M
200 Total. .oovearversesrers 20.000
200 Previously reported. 546 905
100
100 Grand total by the Cham.
100 Ler of Commerce. $606,960
100
GW. Alburtas.......oooeues
31 BJ. Byre k
E. Br
i
n
Mr. A. BR. Wet
The Chamber of Comnmerce Relief Committee decided
Jesterday to send wo women AUplicunis for aid to heir
omes in England, and several laborers and mechanics
back to Chicago. ne of the members was authorized to
wake arrangzemen s with the different steamship and
railroad compaauie. for the transportation of all appli
cants for relief who might desire to go to Europe, Chi
cago, or elsewhere,
THE TRIBUNE has received and handed over to A. A.
Low, Treasurer, the following additional sums for Chi
cago:
ita Silver Factory ‘A Workingman............ #100
af Titame kk (‘a £144 50
1* INEI'RANCEY CONTRIBUTIONS
LIFE INEURKADNLE CUORNIRIDUATUAD.
The following amounts have been contributed by the
Life Insurance Companies of this city for the reliefof tho
anfferara at Chicago and in the North-West

Equitable Life Assurance 8o- Brooklyn Life Ins. Co...... $1,000
clety «.oovveennes vereeess $10,000 Anchor Life Ins. Co.ovvvver 1,000
Mutnal Life Ins. Co........ ..10,000 Government Security Life. 500
New-York Life Ins. Co....... 5,000 Craftsmen's Life........... 250
North America Life Ins. Co... 5,000 Mutual Protection Vife..... 250
Washington Life Ins, Co..... 5000 Officers and employés Bquit
Globe Life Ins. Co.....ue cere 3500; abIO Lif0rececurririiiees 1,500
Contivental Life Ins. Co..... 2.000 Offices and employés Con
Knickerbocker Life Ins. Co.. 1,500 tinental Lfo....ciiernase 550
(iuardian Life Ios. Co...... 1,000|
security Life Ina. Co....... 1,000] Total. seanrasrieenes $49,050
aivarasl [Afe 10a Co..... 1000!
Five thousand pounds have been forvarded (0 Mayor
Mason as part of the Glastow contribution.
The contributions from Middletown, N. Y., with a pop
ulation of 7,000, amount to $2,800.
Philip Phillips has contributed $1,000.
7 A Khearnian of No. 183 Madison-st., Brooklyn, offs
to entertain, free of charge, for a week, one or two
Chicago merchants who have not money to par 4Rieh
lla
THE CHICAGO HOME FOR THE FRIENDLESS,
THE CHICAGO HOME FOR THE FRIENDLES&
To the Editor of The Tribune,
Sik: Amid this appalling calamity the
Chicago Home for the Friendless has been spared. It is
the shelter of hundreds of destitute ereatures, But our
revenue is swept away,j and eur patrons are penniless,
When the first burst of sympathy is over, we fear we
must fall. We are too poor to publish our monthly
paper, which for nearly 14 years has heen the expo
nent of our needs, If every one who reads this will send
us a year's subscription of $1, we are saved. We shall
then have hundreds of tongues with which to plead the
cause of the homeless ones who flock here to he sheltered,
fed, aud clothed. WiLL You HELp Ust
All materials for this grander realization remain in prodi
al abundance. What waa consumed by the conflagration
was merely part of the sccumulations of industry. The
derods shrew, There Is yet another great light upon the
character of Lady Maebeih, in the fact that her death is
occasioned by remorse, and—as the text gives warrant
for belleving—1s directly caused by suicide. Persons whom
remorseful anguish steadily torments ahd ultimately
drives to self-murder, must have heart and consclence—
and a coplous abundance of both. The Lady Macbeth of
Miss Cushman is a person of tremendous physical power
and a fierce, implacable spirit—majestic and terrible, but
Chicago. Oct. 14, 1871.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
site for a city continues. Our geographical position as a
commercial center possesses all the inherent advantages
Sie: There are some 80,000 churches (I have
no etatistics at hand) in the Northern States. If one
half of those churches would offer to receive one family
each from Chicago, care for it, and put it In a way of
seif-support, the misery resulting from the late calamity,
would almost guplsely. alleviated, The railroads
would be expected to h transportation free, or at
yay low rates; and the Relief Committee of Chicago
it over had. Our lines of water communication are un
touched. Our rallroad thoroughfares are unimpaired.
Our harbor still opens wide its embracing arms. Our
fleet of ineoming snd outgoing vessels exists in undimin
«shed number and efficiency. The immense trade tbat
made this mart the entrepdt and emporium of the North
West is as vast, ay necessitons, as urgent, as cver it was,
More than all, the sagacious brains, the indomitable
wills, the far-reaching enterprise, the stout arms, and
doomed, horror-laden somnambulist of the last. Miss
*Cushman's Lady Macbelh, down to the completion of the
d afford to provide each family with a small amount
of money. By this method, whatever habits of sellre
Lance the sufferers have, would to a great extent be pre.
served and the moral degradation and vice which al.
Ways accompany the ng together of a large number
of destitute people, would be avoided. J.R. Ww,
still stouter hearts that made of Chicago a wonder of
material development and business power, are here to
day in all their native vigor. Such are the views of the
situation adopted by the cooler heads among our popu
(ation. They believe sincerely that opportunity is writ
Brook!un. Oct. 185, 1871.
YORK CO., PA.—A CORRECTION.
0 IAC HW WIVFY VJ 4NR0 AT HWVWUNRE.
ten in living characters all over the burnt
Sr: Ia your issue of the 14th inst. your
editorial on Qetover Eleotions is in error, The “Ring”
has run this county {nto debt, since 1863, over $309,000,
without building anything as our Alms-House and
Prison were all finished before that time. Our Dutch
Democracy always voted tbe Ring ticket so Jong ba the
Nigger’ wus the bugaboo; but since the New par.
ture, they have come to their senses, and find the ne
has somehow Niggered them nto $360,000 debt—an
that's what's the matter, 1H. H. JACOBS,
district, and that enterprise will not be slow to
scise and appropriate its advantages. It J
admitted that thousands of names that wWoug have
been in mext year's directory will now appear
—many names that formed pari Chicago's business
eilaxy—but other najes, Juije as valuable, quite as
ficient, quite as substantial, will occupy thelr vacated
pisess that much capital which made Chicago powerful
pnd great may have gone to sshes in the furnace of Sun
ay night, but that other capital, quite as copious, quite
«ready, quite as effective. will flow lo fiom other parts
bapa, of physical origin—we have nothing but admiration
for Miss Cushman’s performance. The massive identity,
the breadth sud freedom of gesture, the blood-curdling
atmosphere, the wondrous facil mobility, the magustio
force, the intellectual and emotional Mte—Sowing into
every point of action snd every tone of utteratios—make
up a personationy which, in “grandness, intensity,
stage. Wo mays dowd’ whether the work bo aM
York. Pa.. Oct. 16, 1471.
A RUGGFESTION.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, OCTOBER, 20, 187L
WALLACK'S THEATER—MR. CHARLES MATHEWS.
Mr. Charles Mathews appeared at Wallack’s
Theater on Monday évening—and wit And pleasure natu
rally ensued, The house was crowded. The comedian
ad the heartiest sort of a greeting, and he repaid it with
a literdlly lavish blessing of mirth, There are some no
tors who tire of their art, and of whom, accordingly, the
public tires, Mr, Mathows is never weary—or, if he 1s,
be keeps the tedidm fo hindsel!; #q that the result ls the
same, That result is—a perfect mastery of the public sym
pathy. Nota deep sympathy, perhaps; but deep enough
for the hour. His alert intellect, his sprightliness of
speoch and manner, his touch-and-go badinage, his inimi
table good-natured impudenoe; his easy drallery, his
qualnthess—(who does mot know the unique, delicious
compound of all that is brightest and funniest in man)
—took captive his audience, just as they have done
80 many times before. He came upon the scene
with all the old. vim and grace. He was as fresh as
violet on a 8pring morning, and he played two of bis
familiar characters, as airily and vigorously as though
he had never played them before. This, assuredly, is the
great secret of faseinating mankind. The world is like
sleep, in Dr, Young's famous lugubrious poem: it likes
the lids that are unsuilied by a tear. The strong and the
beautiful conquer all things. Flowers are strewn
upon their pathway, musio sounds thelr approach,
and glad acclamation celebrates their prog
ress. It 18 so with the victorious exercise of brilliant
intellect—and that was the triumph which Mr. Mathews
won. These are not great portraitures of char
acter that he presents—these symmetrical medleys
of eccentricity, bright intelligence, caustic wit, sense,
and fancy, blended into one harmonious whole by a pe
culiar tolerant amiability—but they are, within thelr
scope, perfect; and they are perfectly painted and ex
quisitely finished; and therefore, in a word of balf
works, blunders, and botches, they are gems; worthy of
all care and all praise, The swpesiyl_puritalle offered
wore Twiggletontand Sir Afable The former is
an elegant sort of Paul Pry, In whom, of course, there is
pot a particle of sen€iment, and who bustles through life
ina happy vivacity a Is as Insensible to slights and
cares as it 1s to any sors. 8f emotion. Twiggleton buzzes
in a hornet's nest of jealousy, and turns everything to
nirth. Sir Affable is a deeper nature—not profound in
emotion, but In worldly knowledge and in thought
upon the ways of men. Itis a ghastly spectacle that he
urlvails, of sordid motives and practices; but it is en
livened by a merry philosophy, iri whiph, perhups, there
is a touch of the sadness of many years of gazing on the
.nexplieable riddle of life. We comment thus upon a
very old matter. Mr. Mathews has a’ fame, in this
character, on both sides of the Atlantic. The present
purpose 1s best served, perhaps, in noting that he
has again achloved the samo triumphant success
which has steadily attended his playing of it.
Mr. Gilbert, as Earthworm, gave a touching and
most effective delineation of a hypoeritical miser.
The performance was attended with great: inter
cst and with many marks of popular delight. There are
cortain valuable lessons to be deduced from thia repre
sentation of the Game of Speculation and to these,
and other suggestions of the plece and the acting, we
may make reference at a moment of more leisure. The
re-ontrance of Mr. Mathews has becn made undér tbe
happiest circumstances, and Lis performances will doubt
Joss bo followed with attention and delight by the intel
lectual community.
BOOTHS THEATER—MACBETH.
«Macbeth has been brought out at Booth’s
Theater with much the same adjuncts that attended its
production there in the Spring of last year. The sane pe
culiarities mark the representation now which marked it
then. The witech-music is discarded. Hecale is cut out,
and the drunken porter i8 put in, The reéntrunce and
fainting-fit of Lady Macbeth, after the murder of King
Duncan, are omitted, The actual assassination of Ban
quo 18 not performed. And an effort to reproduce, in
aoe of the dresses and acooutermeunts, certain super
ficlul features of the historic period in which the actual
Macbeth existed, results now, as it resulted then, in a
medley of incongruities. The witch-scenes are as tame
as ever, from the lack of imagination alike in their ple
torial attributes and in the spirit with which
they are acted. Prosy people cannot under
stand,—aund therefore, very naturally, cannot inter
prot,—the significance of poetry. All this, howgver, is
an old story. Upon each of these points we bestowed
ample and minute eomment, when Macbeth was first
produced at Booth's Theater. It was not, originally, a
very satisfactory revival, and we do not ineline to hail
its recurrence with enthusiasm. As to externals, the
only ¢{fference which it scems oesential to notice be
tween (he present and the past presentments of the
tragedy is perocived in the setting of the murder-scene.
This has been entirely rearranged, and rendered far more
effective than It was at first. The scenery, most of which
in the vegiuning, wus excellent, because simple and ap
propriate, retains ita ancient merits—satisties the eye,
and helps the illusion of the play. Had tho same imag.
fnative method of treatment wlich prevails in the
secnies tern pereitted to prevail in the dresses
and trappre: the effect of the whole pic
tare wish certanly have been sharper, stronger,
and moro severely cxuct. Shakespeare is poetry, and
not piose and it is always a wisiake to go back of his
ideals and strive for realism whether in the mounting or
the act.ng. This is especiully the case with Macbeth,”
whi bh marks the highest flight of the poet's imagination.
Not to dilate upon views that we have often expressed
bofore, however, let us pass atonce to Hecuba., The
great fact, in reference to the present production of this
glorious tragedy, is that of the reéntrance of Charlotte
Cushman as its berome, From this it derives its chief
importance. It was in the character of Lady Macbelh
that Miss Cushman wade ler tirst appearance on the
dramatic stage and her personution of the part has, for
many years, elicited the most abundant aod ardent
public admiration and critical approval. Bhe plays it as
weil now a8 she ever played it in her life, and the cheap
and barren comment, that the lady 18 not so young as she
was some vears ago, may therefore be spared, In Miss
Cushman's execution of Lady Macbeth, 80 iar a8 wo can
perceive, there is no defect. 8he embodies the character:
that is to any, she lives it; and her method is so natural
and so complete that the spectator of her acting forgets
the theater, and does not realize, till all is over, that this
narrowing portrayal of a wicked nature and a criminal
lite is mere simulation. To produce this effect is, of
course, to achieve the highest success possible to a dra
matic artist. With Miss Cushman’s ideal of Lady Mac
beth we do not entirely concur. It has always seemed to
us that much of the beauty and all the pathos of the
tragedy are dissipated when its hero and heroine are
divested of poetic and humane attributes. Macbeth—it
the text of Shakespeare does not wholly etude our study
—18 man of noble and lofty spirit, whose
soul 1s haunted and whose life is ruined by
the powers of darkness; and his wife is an instrument
in thelr hands to effect thisruin. Upon any other theory,
the man would become a brutish rufiian and the woman
a borrid virago—Bill Bykes and Mrs. Brownrigg—and
the complete picture of thelr doings would be loathsome
snd Jatanisei ss Shakespeare always bears the highest
terpretation that can be put upon him. The best
A be found 1s invariably the one that
Yio lotenged,., What Macbeth “would highly” that
frould he *holily,” and he is “full of the milk of human
Kindness’, Moreover, thero is not a personage in all
Shakespeare's voluminous writings whose speech—the
raflay of his mind—ias 8o replete with imaginative splen
a
dors Buch a man could never be influenced by a mur
4
‘THE DRAMA,

of MacbefA—though we have gmall space for
furibet coum may be remarked that the execu
tion seemed to lag behind ha Gut Indications
were aflorded, throughout the of a loving
and conscientious study of Shakespeare, Macbelh's
delirious horror, after committing the great crime,
was, for example, depicted with thrilling truthfulness
and fine effeet; and, both at this point, snd jn that mosh
pathetio scene after the banquet, when Macbeth breaks
down under his terrible burden of desolate remorse, the
actor very plathly indicated s just sense of the human
ity of Shalespears’s copobptidy. Biff the performance
lacked the fire of inspiration—the last touch, that vital
izes correctness snd Urradiates the whole structure of
art with the supernal light of genius. Probably Mr.
Creswick’s mind is more fully aroused by contemplative
than by passionate characters. His Wolsey, for, 9x
ample, was the exact personage thit Shakespear “has
drawn. But his Macbeth, —though finans polats, and re
plete with suggestiveness of the real man ~Wes bomeo
times sluggish, sometimes nnsymmetriosl, snd gexdrally
Jacking in spontaneous and propulsiye vigor and rash.
Mr. uke fipe scholar, and ono of delicate per
coptions and gente temperament; and this was made
cleafly manifest. HavbetA requires a mops impexial na
ture, and the capacity for unrestsined abandonment.
Mr. Waller's flery spirit found su adéquate flag
Maecdug, and he played the exceedingly well.
4
amount of violence that Sours ike mnbie perhaps, in
dispensable to the effective otoantetiog of this char
acter.—* Macbeth” will be on Friday and Batur
day evenings, and at the Saturday Matinée. The follow
TR TD A NI ue a
Duncas...eessrs. Mr. H. W. P
Malcolm. Mr. J. W, Norton
Donaldbain........ Mr. P. Intropldi
Faster. eres] i R Hed
24 A +220. Miss Belle Flohr
dA tion. Mis Mary Young
MrT. 1
eo 3 With..... srasnns Mr. C. Rosens
Physiciad...... r.J. Rooney
Mr. D. C. Anderson
rd Lady Macbeth. Miss Cush
oat Geatlewoman. Miss ond vo po

ATER R AN AY Ra
Edwin Booth will appear at the Poston
Theater, next Monday, as Hamlet.
Adele, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. E. L. Daven
port, died on the 15th Mat., in Boston.
Charlotte Cushman will play an engagement
at the Globe Theater, Boston, encing Nov. 13. Bhe
begins with Queen Katharine.
Mr. Daly’s comedy of *Diverce” is in its
soventh week, at the Fift Aveyug Thodten, On the 18th
inat., it was produced at the Globe r, in Boston.
Mr. N. E. Stroops, No. 22 Ann-at., offers, for
the use of the Chieagh nefit Committee, his Hon
called The Old New World, by Day and-Night.”
“Great Expectations ”—with Mr. Warren as
Joe Gargarry—holds the stage of the Boston Museum.
The performance there on Monday afternoon was for
the benefit of desolated Chicago,
Play-goers should take notice of the very
inviting programme of entertainment at the Grand
SF ace Hesse this afternoon, for the Chicago Benefit.
The stage is serving the cause of humanity with 4 very
strong hand.
Mr. M. W. Lefinawells broadly comio per
sonation of Romeo Ja Jenkins may seen at the
Union Sqliete Theater, snd 18 prominent feature of at
traction in the current programme~a well stocked and
varios one—at that house.
Mr. John E. Owens has delighted the Boston
public with 314 Poroustion of Caled Plummer—a most
excellent work of art, as play-goers here are well aware,
The Boston Gazette says: It is startling in its truth to
nature. Never before did an actor so entirely forget
himself, and live in the character assumed.”
The Globe Theater has been reopened, un
der Mr. John Btetson’s management, with Miss Adsh
Richmond's Vaudeville T0upo,~Tno St. James's Thea
ter, late Apollo Hall, will reopened next Monda,
evening, under Mr. J. E. MoDonough’s cit Beskiirin
with the Busan Galton Opera Troupe.
Mr. Bandmann played at the Stadt Theater,
on Tuesday evening for Chicago Benefit Fund. He
thus announces the result:
To His Honor R, B. Mason, Mayor of Chicago.
It affords me great pleasure to announce to you that
my benefit for the Chicago sufferers has realized the snm
of $3,379 63, which amount is in the hands of Treasurer
D. 8. Greenbama of this city. Please confer with Henry
Greenbanm of your city rogaiding disbursements.
DAN'L E. BANPMANN, No. 251 Weat Fourteenth-st.,, N.Y.
CAPT. WALSH'S PANEL-HOUSES.
Pp
PANEL-HOUSES AND EENO GAMES OPERATED
WITHOUT INTERRUPTION IN THE FOURTEENTH
PRECINCT—WHAT THE CAPTAIN HAS TO BAY
ABOUT IT.
A “gentleman,” while intoxicated, suffered
himself to be led by a notorious character to the house
No.91 Croshy-st., last Monday night, where he was
robbed of $80 by the panel game. A friend introduced
him to Thomas Kelso, detective at Police Headquarters,
and brother of the Buperintemdent. Kelso visited
the place and, falling to see tho man who acts as chief of
the nest of thieves, demanded restitution of a woman
present, who, under threat of arrest, returned $15. This
establishment and these creatures were permitted, how
ever, to continue their infamous traflo without further
molestation,
The house No. 125 Elm-st. is a panel-honse, in which
soveral robberies have lately been committed. The girls
attached to this establishment are weil known in the
Fourteenth Ward, and as they walk about at night,
passing end repassing Earle’s Hotel, and prom
enading Broadway, they are pointed out by
men who Xkmow the locality and the reputa
tion of its habitués. In the Fourteenth Precinot
Ex-Detective McKeever, for some time a special officer
under Capt. Walsh, lately opened keno-rooms at No. 118
Bowery. Ou the 7th inst. a TRIBUNE reporter found in
tlLis establishment over a hundred young men and boys.
Bome were beot-blacks, some stable-boys, a fow were
lads who had worked in stores and in
the markets, but the majority were thieves of the
lowest stamp. There were nearly 80 cards in this room,
and all were engaged. The existence of the two panel
houses and the keno game was known to nearly every
Person in the ward, and to a groat many others, but
'apt. Walsh professed to have no informatien whatever
concerning iy On Wednesday Bight 8 TRIBUNE
reporter informed the Bergeant in charge at
the Fourteenth Precinct Btation-House that the
panel-houses and Mr. McKeever's keno game were op
erating, and when capt. Walsh visited the station-house,
half an hour after the reporter had left, the Bergeant
informed him of the conversation that had occurred.
Capt. Walsh thereupon ordered McKeever to close his
house, and the order was oheyed,
On Thursday night Capt. alsh visited THE TRIBUNE
Office and requested that his {Walsn's mate be not used
in conneotion with the dens which flourish in his pre
cinot. He sald that he did n't care what waa said of the
thieves, but he did desire that his name should not be
Dusiiened, and that he should not be biamed for the rob
ries which they committed. He was promised that,
until the reporter had called upon him in reference to the
matter and submitted the facts he had collected, nothing
should be published of the affuirs in his Jecinot. On
Friday night, after a search SSSupYiNe nearly two hours,
Capt. W was found on the Bowery near Bayard-st.
He wus requested to make an explanation of the
manner Ww whieh the panel-house keepers and
gamblers managed to elude the vighanee
of the police officer charged especially with the duty of
looking after them. His explanation was that a Ca fain
ot u precinct was not expected to know all such adairs
and, he denled that the two places mentioned on Elm and
Creoby-sts, were panel-houses, although be was dis
tinetly informed that the reporter taken the
vietim of the Judel robbery at No. 91 Crosby-st.
to the BStation-House, when he visited that place
andl Informed the Sargeant of the fact that
‘My. McKeever operated a keno wine, In reference to
hp latter matter Cape. Walsh said that be had not been
hard on keno payers, because the gamblers oom
Bl ained that it was not fair to close the doors of the gam
ing houses in one precinet and allow the games to pro
coed without interruption fu another. After furnishin
tlds wjoloay Capt. Walsh Fepenjed his general pri
hie was not responsible for the existence of such
uses,
“Superintendent Kelso says that if he finds that cap
tains of Police allow houses of such openly bad char
ter to exist, ho will hold them responsible,” sald the
FupaRten
Walah still held that he was net Tesponaible, He
was then told that when Mr. McKeever dismissed
from the Police foroe, be threatened to reveal memoranda
of sums of money which be had collected from persons
having Js ovises in the precinot, and the dates on
which money was received by ulm, wid that the
was not collected for himself, capt. sish was
utterly 34's loss to understand what Mr, McKeever
when he made this threat.
This wha all that Oust. Walsh had to say on the matter
pave that he did not wish to have bis name lu any way
punneuted with the exposures. After this conversation
as conchaded information was obtained that No, 138
Elmet. bad bean closed b Oagh. Waid last Friday
night, It ian singular fact that ja Jaterview tok piace
Biter tha sisting of the house, and that in it Capt. Walah
never lovely, never fascinating, never, till the last, a
woman, We shall make our meaning clearer, perhaps,
if we say that there is a lack of natural sequence be
tween the murderess of the first aot and the tortured,
Sia ha Ae aE A rp wo. ov
0. Was Poo) FY
clerk in a Broadway honse waa robbed of iaund. ands
day night MeKesever reopened iA 200m fuiné at No. 116
murder, stands toward her husband in the relation of a
strong, lrard, relentless, demoniac spirit, repressing, with
wery, and games Wale miso 40 opere at No, 618
Y, No. 18_Housten-st., and the Louvre, on
roadway, near Bleecker-st. The keno rooms’'at No, 600
roadway J werp olosed. by Capt, Wala ba the others
were not e reason given for the closing of
violent effort, a contemptuous impatience of the vacllls
tion of u weak man, whom she tolerates but does not
No. 600 Broad i ual this peoprietors were Damootyty
Lala) io ho alection of she delegates on the tioket
love, Her subsequent picture of remorse is, indeed,
very flue anything finer, In 1ts way, the stage has not
presented, in any delineation of the character
that we have ever seen; but it comes like a surprise, We
Capt. Walsh is an ns of the Secutian pits and,
in ditest viglation of police rules, sllawed name to
appear on Brennan Holegates ticket at the Primary
octions on Toadey. Rely ng on the alaiip of Mr,
marvel that this human panthershould have been afilicted
by ‘terrible dreams,” or by any méans whatsoever.
Aside from this discrepancy—whioh, after all, Is, per
rennaa and Tweed, Capt. Walsh deflea
eritiolam or investigation into his sotions, and openly
bossta that newepapors may do 84 they choose and be
a wl 's favoritism 1s an Srdinary tople
of com sing sullen, who complain that be
y
pre pind 0 Pp his hling-houss open on
yh oompels the other Louses to close.
In addition to the tacts above pe in pelation to the
eriminal condition af the Fourteenth Precinct, Capt.
Walsh {a now charged with a direct defense of a panel
house keeper, The circumstances are as follows
aud wugnificent graced no parallel on the,
0 'wooks ago Jat night, a young man named [sancs
pean dr 87 tflrosdaray, Wax induced to eyter
gother true: wh canmet Qoubt that {t 1s alto
gother  great—-Uoon Mr, Creswiek’d possenation
HAY

I daw 0 bola a viu y
0. 130 Riw-st., whioh Cutt. W lately denica was
DRAMATIC NOTES.
house $f I} repute, While there he was robbed of $45,
but did not miss the money until ho had left the house,
H ted Capt. Walsh at the ousteenth District Bia
of ee hin the ofa raged hi Ne a; toto
he m t iim violent
Yate room, 414 thers demanded that be should ox
what a panel-house was. he did, and was in
by Capt. Walsh that there were neitner panel
uses nor houses of prostitution in thas pre
and then the offoot added, ‘You come
re to-morrow night, and 171 have the girl, and
look Pin both up.” then pequested a Jerminal
frien to help him Tecovor his money, and this friend
habpebing be on intimate terms with Walsh they
ted the Cuptate of the Fourteenth Precinct together.
At this interview Capt. Walsh sald, “I didn’t know he
Xaa a friend of yours: Ili get the thosey back 0% Pe,
out of my o on't say aw ahout It.”
Rhinehart
Merrow n money, but don't give
me Away.” “Don Sve ae wn Ms the thieves’ SATE
and futerpreted inte decent nian 14 mewn do5's pit
me in the power of my [gg by exposing me.”
next night Isaacs called at No. 125 Eim-st., accompanied
by Capt. Walsh’s friend, and after some troubles the
money waa recovered aud half of it paid to Capt. Walsh's
soni fh the interest he had taken in the matter. In
this case witnesses can be produced to verify the state
maht mada shove,

i
d
THRE NATIONAL INSU. RANCE CONVENTION.
A
SECOND DAY LIFE INSURANCE RATES—CON
CERNING BANKRUPT POLICY-HIOLDERS
WINDING UP INSOLVENT COMPANIES,
"The Insurance Convention assembled yester
day #410 a m., in Underwriters’ Hall, 30 Btates being
represented, The following additional delegates were
present: R. M. Reynolds, Auditor of Btate, Alabama;
James R, Berry, Auditor of State, Arkansas; Julius L.
Clark, Insurance Commisslouer, Massachusetts;
Uo r. T. F. Brennan
Bacon, delegate from Mississippi; Dr. James Williains,
Auditor of State elect, Ohio; Elizur Wright, Actuary,
from Massachusetts. The States now unrepresented are
wosmes Mr. G. H, Harrls
West Virginia, Vermont, Texas, Oregon, Maryland,
Georgia, Florida, and Delaware.
ouree 1st M giseeeee. Mr, J. Pitman
Mgrderse,..... Mr. T. B, Francis
Ex-8uperintendent Barnes of the Now-York Depart
ment, read a paper on a uniform standard of mortality
and intérest for Bate life insurance valuations, Tle re
port contained a large number of mortality tables of great
futereat to insurance men. Mr. Barnes makes the fol
owing recommendations
Piret On mortality tabld, I recommend that thd American expe
rence abies be Moped Jar the State yalastion of fe and endowment
poids Yircahorh whole Union.
thie ta! mb injec to thy tag af dhe Suv. TPR Azar,
240 cOMpPaRIng, a five or Wa yean; x
that therpafter the table pl be ry 7 if necessary, to accord with
ok vow fa ets ao te perfect the 4 table b;
ding Berets the pp ch ving and dying from age 0 ws inclusive, d
Rate of interes. 1 beg leave to recommend four oud a half
cans us 4 safe and. Judcleons standard for o saiform rute for.
EO) in tHe Unite {es and Territorive
"Twérd 1 would saggest, la ibe sbeenos of any American experience
for fhe Supt YS lution 6 ADI, the {overament Absuity bios of
ipeat Britain, r. John Finlaisou, in 1860, or the very
Sibeeste and comutate tables of Mr. Jardine Heury, now in process of
cui plution, with it fw cent inturest.
rh: 1 wonld fecomme-n?l tet’ valuations for all Tives healthy on
entry (impaired lives to be be Jadged of by the special Gicanpiaiees),
un.ess the Tates of premiam rua below the net legal standard rates. Ia
all cases where the rates of preminm are Tess than the net rates accord
ing to the legal standard of mortality and interest, net valuations sbould
not be allone bus the Principles of gross valuation should be appliad,
deducting from the present value of futare premiums a sum eqnal Lo the
average percentage of expensed duriog the whole period of the company’s
existence, in no cass Jess than 10 per centum, Negative values never to
be tllowed as assets.
Fi: would so shat all I'fe companies should be probibited
from declaring or paying any dividends to either slock or policy-hoiders
whenever the capital or reserve is impaired to any extent whatever; the
ospiial at par, to be mckoned as a Habalisy.
hevever, sad only in cases whers, a company’s capital is impaired
more than twenty per cent thereof, and the reserve a8 per the Tegel
staadand, impaired more than fen per esnt thereof, all Licenses or
tificates of Autbority, 40 companies of other Biates of the United States
to Issue mew polcies to be revoked, and all domestic companies to he
dissolved as insolvert corporations, in accordance with State laws. This
latter provision, as to an impairment of tLe reserve to be applicable
ouly to comjanies havirg over a thonssnd policies {n force {nsuring at
least two millions of dollars.
Tue Cowmmittes on Legislation was announced A the
Chairman as follows: Gen. Smith of Rentucky, hafr
man, and Messrs, Clark of Massachusetts, Row of Michi
gun, keels of California, and Hartranft of Pennaylva
nia, Mr. Paine then offeselt the following resolution in
reference to life policies held by bankrupts
Resolved, Unuzimotdy. that in the opivion of this Convention, every
Wonest effort to provide for ove’s family and dependents, by means of
policy of life surance, is not only jusiitiable but should be encouraged,
and has therefore the President and Secretary of this Convention be in
structed, in its name, to memorialize Congress so to amend the Bankrapt
nyu to exempt all sach pol.cies from its provision.
Paiue had noticed cases where individuals who
have been in prosperous circumstances bave sccured
politics on their lives, and when adversity came they
ve been pbliged to surrender them to assignees with
aut any patie r benefit,
Mr. Gaines, Louisiana, objected.’ Itseemed to him that
all that might be accomplished in the application. It is
easy for a person who contemplates the bility of m
bojvenoy at onee to indorse the policy 1 own name to
his family, which fully protects it. was seriousiy
impressed with the dlsailyantage of having way sue
legislation upon life insurance poilcies as can mw them
the medium of fraud.
The resolution was then referred. Upon motion of
Mr. Gaines and amendment of Mr. Russell of Iowa, the
regular hour of meeting was placed at 10:30, with a recess
from 1 to 1:30 p. m. Mr. Harvey offered the following:
Resolved, That a Committee of three be appointed to consider and re
post to the Coavealion plans for the winding up of insolvent insurance
Ar. Russell thought this Committee would conflict with
the Committee appointed to draft a form of law to be
submitted to the Convention. Gen. Smith of Kentucky
hoped the resolution would revsil, as the new Com:
ml could act upon this rR project before the Com
mittee on Leaiumiion would de boas, Mr. Gaines
moved that Mr. Harveys resolu on be referred tq the
Committed on Misece us Subjects. Hr. Harvey
thought it ought to be copsidered now, mn view of the re
sults of the Chicago fire, by which many were river
out of their homes. The aestion was aceordingly put,
and the resolution wasje ed.
Mr. Harvey then moved that the President fl all va
eancies which existed in the Committees sUpoiated, and
that one member be added to each, Carri
The Chairman then appointed Messrs. Jaatvey of Mis
souri, Clark of Massachusetts, and Russell of Towa, the
Committee on Windiug up the Affairs of lasolvent In
surance Companies,
Mr. Fachter moved that the following resolution, laid
over from the last Convention aud offered by Mr. Bkeels,
be taken from the table and adopted
Whereas, A century’s experience in this countr aad England hag
shown that insurances oa lives of dependents, or of thes: whose existence
ia of no pecuniary imperiance to others, are certain to iad to crime jn
some cases; and though it is not possible to provide against all such oe
carrences, it is practicable to prevent the extension of jnsursuce beyond
je age at which most men become non-prodscers, If not depeodents
erefore,
Resolved, That i$ is desirable for all Rtates to enaet that afler some
convenient date. no policies shall be issued on she lives of their citizen:
for terms extending beyond the ap of 75.
After a moment's consideration the motion was re.
forred to the Committee ou Legislation, without instruc
tions, aud the Convention adjourned.
THE RUDD WIFE-MTTRDER CASE.
THE RUDD WIFE-MURDER CASE,
William Rudd of No. 133 Reade-st. was
placed at the bar of the Court of General Sessions, yes
day, charged with the murder of his wife, Margaret J.
Rudd, by throwing her from a third-story window, May
16. George Hume of No. 135 Reade-st. testified that,
about 10 o’clock on the night in question, he heard a
scream, and, on looking out of the window, he eaw Rudd
and his wife, who occupied rooms in the house opposite,
struggling flercely; Rudd had one arm about her neck.
and was forciug ber toward an open window; after a
violent struggle, he succeeded in thrusting her out, and
she fell to the ground, 40 feet, uttering eeveral shrieks
during her descent; witness at once went down into the
street and met tue prisoner, who exclaimed, My poor
wife fell out of the window;” witness called an offer,
and Rudd was taken into custody; Mrs. Rudd was re
moved to the hospital, where sho died in a few hours; on
the night of the murder, Rudd and his wife had been
visiting a friend, and, when they returned home, both
were under the influence of liquor. After the Court ad
journed, the jury, at the request of J. D. Townsend,
counsel for the prisoner, visited No. 133 Reade-st., to view
the vrewmises.
A BHREWD BARGAIN.
Francis Dumont borrowed from George Reich
ert $1,000 two years ago to start himself in busibeas,
giving two notes of $1,000 each as security, whioh ha was
unable to pay at maturity, Reichert thereupon took
away from Dumont’s store about $1,500 worth of goods,
and at a subsequent sale bought the business for 3.200,
givin in Javuont these two notes, a check for $300, un
al owlog umont a few months’ rent, Reichert being
landlord of the premises, By this arrangement Dumunt
only received $300, in addiuon to the rent, and lost $500,
The Jury gave him a verdiot for $3,430 90 yesterday.
er  ———y
AN ARORTIONIST'S PLEA.
Counsel for Dr, Isaac Davis; who was ar
rested on an indictment found by the Kings County
Grand Jury, charging him with being an abortionist,
made a motion yesterday in the Brooklyn City Court, to
quash the indictment on the ground that offense
against the statute waa really charged. Judge MoCue
sald that it was not necessary Jhat tie 200 should
practice abortion himself, but that advertising medi
cines that produced abortion wasan offense. The motion
was a ToC mont trial will be begun to-day.
A jury in the Kings County Supreme Court
swarded Emily A. Newton $7143 damages, yesterday,
sgainat the Utica and Black River Rallroa! Company,
for the loas of a trunk.
An action was tried, yesterday, in the Su
perior Court, before Judge Freedman and a jury, brought
by Henry R. Morgan agt. Francis 8kiddy and others to
recover $5,000 paid for stock in the Central Mining Com
psny of Colorado, The plaintiff alleges that the pros.
Josie was fraudulent, snd that np rojerty Was owned
y the Company. The defense is that io Company was
organised in good fuith; that the property it held was be
Heved to be as valuable as represented; that the par
chasers bought the took 98 Shqeuintion, aid roight have
sold it at an advance im y after the purchase. It 18
understood that this action is aue uf 44 which are to be
brought against the Company.
I
CRIMINAL COURTS.
Thos. Krundsen and Auten Eransen, charged with
Sorat Comma oe Braga, were comml Rp
Walter Magee, i t Adriance, Roffins
Co, of No. 38 iin x cashier af Adria ee, yesterday,
for embeaaling $1,000 from Ris e'uplo, ore.
In the Court of General Sessions, before Recorder
Hack rds ah RB, Bogn't, with stealing $200 from
Hacketh goat riay, Ruri Hoge tore Eee or piliag ou

THE COURTS.
MYIL NOTES.
worth $1,300, from the dock of She Havis Sieamebly Co,
to Fists Prison for five years
was sent to Fists Prison for five years 4
In the United States Cirenit Conrt, yesterday, the
Grand Indicted the following: John 'C. embezsiing letters
from the Post-OSoe; William A. Brag, inflicting erael and nsasual pua
{#hment on seamen of the American ship Comet} lapse 1. Lansigay, on
bemsling letters from tbe Post-Ofice Henry C. Justice, Friem C, Ro
mond, and Augustus C. Radeliff. smuggling diamonds into tds pert;
Gootge W in, Kate Gross, sad W} Brown, passing eoustier
money,
At the Tombs Police Court, Justice Dowling com
mitted Joseph Lowemtein, yesterday, for Suslaiag from Thomas Tatier
of No, 521 West Twenty Fa, Sim by falsely Woredoniiag he
conld secure the release "ibe City Prison of Mary Taylor, of the
complainant... Charles for stealisg 8 peckage worth $4779
from an express wages In v, driven by Henry W. Bmith of No.
9 Worth-st....Alovze G. Autrey of Armstrong k On, commission
merebants, was held tn $500 bail for destroving a promissory note for
$340.35 was prayed {or opment iy We. Firman of No. 338 Grees
r
In the Court of Special Sessions, before Jndae
i a ian oy, a later dhtortat to smn B.
cha without asthority, o to James N.
Jills, was 2c) 100. Catbarine Flory aad Dora Behustor, for stealing
Yom i Covmabie's store, were ses to the Prsitentiary
for tour months, and fined $100 each. Joba Noll, Ruta louse 3
land, three months. John Viocent, assaulting Elles Mx
mouths... Conrad Eckert of No, 30 Clinton-st., eomibijtig au indeorny
sensult apon his daughter, age 14, 13 months... William Welsh, staal
ing $3 worth of rags from Roland Story's warehouse, threes months.
i
Supreme (Conrt—Chambers—By Judgé Ingraham.
Kcarvey sgt. Washoe Tool Co., Dunnett agh. Remeay, Mutual Life lo
saranee Co. ast. Cahoone, Carbart agt. Boab, Mabaken y.{ Oxley, Mar
ray sagt. Dodge. Motions granted. In re application ton.
Motion denied. Heeridim agt. Steiamets —Mot on graasfd os bayment of
costs of inquest and rotion within five days, otherwise
sat. Whims!er.—~AHowhnes granted. Pearsall sagt. Rajers.— Jodgment
ordered. Chandler agt. Vanaller,—Motion greed anless defendant
strike out second counterclaim. Hort agt J otion denied.

By Judge Barnard, Green agt King. —M, granted. Donwelly agt.
Oschsleim. —Motion desied, In re Mary Sullivan.~—The papers show that
the child is dead that stops the fuchediog. In re Thomas G. Hathaway.
—The mother Is vet ectitled to the y of the ebiM.
Common Pleas—Special Term—By Judge Robinson.
Winter agt. Winter, ~J of diverce i» favor of glaluld. 15 o.,
Marten. Referred to N. Jarvis, jr., to take account of
Superior Court—Special Term—By Judge Jones.
Herman agzt. Smitt, —Tharman agt. Wicks —Taylor agi. y—
Hillinger agt. Degner.~Orders granted.
Marine Court— Part —By Judge Gross. —Rand at,
Carlton.—Tned decision reserved. Hanghworeh sgt. Cosper.— Hef
an agt. Guylforle —Inquests taken. Lev agt Rebreyye —Diaoativusd
without costs. Walter er
Part 1/1~By J or, —Grabem oe Uliner.—Astion for reat of
No. 8 Wooster-st.—Judgmens for the plaintiff for $102 costs and
allowssea.  Bovotes aft. Godeband. —Helkomever agt. Byrne —ide
missed by defaslt, Fiizsimmens sgt. Brady. —Ssttled.
RN WAIT RET VEREAR DEEN TYENS
n.. McComb sagt. Jones. i
84..8¢k. Yagl. Levy. 1
SeRO1AL TRRS=-UARDOO,
127. Westervelt agh Westervelt, J
Cir CEF-PIns I-00
1044. .Endekerbocker lee Co. agt 24
COURT CALENDARS THis Dav
J pene at 100 oy
Wister sgt. Livingston.
ag’. Teller
145
1215. He at Shesant 25
3143, Sherman agt. Hashroaek. 25
2123, Hoiisn agt, Wheeler. 1 7
Maguire sgt. Lloyd. 1
i. Wood agt Healy. "13
22047 Thommen wt Penn. R. BR. Oo. 16
2200,.Krelacher agt. Conn. Na. Bk, 24
2478. Woolsey ast. Jobesoo.
Couxon Prras—TriaL Tana Paw
la
Of-trym OC
1460. .Christie agt. Hompbrraville, I
NW sndfeie sian Co.
1161... Riddle agt. Fish. th
Set-down
1768, Waring agt. Rinaldd. 4
1723. Dodge sgt Narragansett 16
Steamship Co. 4
1724. White agt. Kesruey.
1608. Kendrick agt. Stayvessst.
1578. .Frisbie 2gt. Garrison. 16
1577. Fuller agt. Mandelk. 11
1208. Wood agt. Dien. i
103.8 r fedanrial Rabi. i
..8a a xhi-
Mion
1509, Apdrade agt i
IoC Donuell a wy reen.
Sursrior Counr—TRIAL TrRM—P4)
Ma
649, .Halpen agt. LL adargy. 113
905. Taylor aft. Perrin. 4
0O'Bries.
885, Julian agt. Hillier. 8
1011. Thurber ag. Wornasy 8
1455. +Wimeler ars N.Y. Met. ly
i;
1215. Mitehel! agt. Gordon 11
1139. Robertson agt. Atlastic (Mat.
Ina. Co. L:
£69. Smith aot. Prost
791. .Mehrbach agt. Kochler. It
PART —FREEDMAN, 1
0
1008. Brown agt. Walker.
1013. .Harjes agt. Brender. (1
1154, Wheeler ags. N* Y. Mat. Ins. 1
Co.
720.. Willis agt. O'Brien. ‘a
930. LR oesins at. Livingston. 12
hing
dX oly 0

1218.. ET,
MARINE CovRy— Ra Sng~-Pun
7483, Morris agt. Stein
TIM. Wormser act —_
6258. Wellman agt. Lawrences,
6331. Coleman 8:8. Armatrong.  6t
S43, Hatmay A Prarior ‘onlter 68
6
T
8589,
Go, Mare am Miler. IT
..The Pomy-recoud-st. aad
Gravdst. RR a.
Guntser.
Parr II.
5311. .Durree agt Jarrett. 165
6664. «Jouning, Battesler.
6127. .8 agt. Jarrett, 6
6738, .Kele hel rid McGinn. 6"
SE  Beihel Froel ch 6
6758. Boas agt. Hirschfeld
ee, Schaffer agt. Newburg 64
8%27..Van Orden sgt. Deegan. hy
6842. Condit agt. Grigg. 168
6847... Wood agt. MeGllL It
a3 Koga agh Hl, val.
a
6822. Murray agt. Jeonings. ‘78
£430. Whitae apt Warren.
 6332.. Eli agt. Bartlett. 1
6334. .Joumston sgt. Bourdon. f
6538, Fheina ser Seely
6858. Keckbam,
6862. Manh, ky
COURT OF GENERAL Nussiows—Belo
a
1..Cornelias McGuire, rape.
J.
Calling agt Dennison.
Biler agt. rn.
Nestrer sgt. Stelaler.
Schulte agt. Schmidt.
Mancosos,
Vogele agh. tr.
a, 3
Sterns oun.
Kimball Coutrall
Hogs agt. Berg.
yr
yt
roid Bbsal.
Labolsky agt. Wolf,
The Meriden Bilver Plate Oo.
apt. Morse.
Muon agt Winters,
Jsascs
Wolf sgt Prenn-a.
~Opons of
2..Prauk Schryver, forgery.
3. Hie W. Hare, grand i I
¢..Peter Mary. grand larceny.
5..Thomas Bennett, felonious as 1!
sanlt and battery, fy
6..George McCloud, felonloas as
sanit and battery.
7..Jobn M. Goldrick, Tolonlowsas
sault and
UNITED STATES District Cove WA
8!
229. Wilils agt. Woodbury. 1
Br Dubin ag. 1,285 vit
218. ha Loud. nn
196..Chase agh The bark Alice
23.8 Defer. “il
mi rown et
oh City Count -B
160. Morriton agt. Gallicht. 3
322..Dallon sgt. McLellan. 9
197. .8andmeyer Baler. 13
83..Shippen agt. Harrison 13
71..Julisn agt. 14
222. .Stachlen Kaspp. 1
75. .Hont agt.
260. ‘White 8 agt. Ba He. i
agt. The steam tag Clare
Clarita.
247... Aligaeir agt.
261.. Rossel! agt. The 2 Brook cy
Ra. Co.
Board of AJCCEE2
STATED SESSION,
OFFICIAL] THURSDAY, Oct. 19, 1871-2 o'clock p.m,
The Board met in thelr Chamber, No. 15 City Hall, pure
suant to adjournment
Present—Thomas Coman, eaq., President, in the Chalr,
and the following members
Aldermen Charlock, Cuddy, Hart, McKiever, Plunkitt,
Welch, and Wo)tman—8.
Aldermsn Cuddy moved tbat the reading of the min.
utes be dispensed with.
The President put the grkation whether the Board
would agree with said motion.
Which was decided In the affirmative.
PETITIONS.
By Alderman Dimond—
Petition of owners of property ou Fifty-first-at., be
tween Fifth and Sixth-ayes., to have vacant lots south
east corner of Fitty-first-at. and fixth-ave, fenced fn?
lu copneetion therewith, Alderman Dimond presented
the following resolution aud ordinance
Resolved, That the vacant lots on the south-east corner
of Bixtb-ave. and Fifty-first-st. be fenced in, under the
direction of the Cominissioner of Public Works, and that
the accompanying ordinance therefore be adopted.
Which was lald over.
RESOLUTIONS.
By Alaerman O’Neill

Resolved, That Fourth-ave., on the west side of the out
need dy the Har'em Railroad Company, and Detwoen
Reventy-ninth and Bightr-minth-sts., be paved with Bel
an of trap-Diuk pay emeut, and that at the several
fiterseoting streets and avenues crosswalks be laid
where not now )aid, and relald where those now laid are,
In the opinion of the Commissioner of Publie Works, not
in good Fopaic, or 876 DOL upon 8 grade adapted to the
of the proposed Dew patemen, under the direo
fon of the Commissioner o Public Works, an that the
pocompanying ordinance therefor be adopted.
Which was lald oven
By A Charlock-—

ved, That Fighty-third-st., from Third to Fifth-ave
be Javed with Belgian or trap-bloek pavewent, and that
ab several intorsectivg streets and AvenUES Crosse
walks be laid where not now laid, sud re'aid where thoes
ow laid are, in the nton of the Commissioner of Pub
Works, not in repair, or are pot upon grade
to the grade of the proposed now [opment
under the direction of the Comwisaioner of Public Works,
jud Ybas the scoompanylng ordinance therefor be
Whig waa laid over,
Rlestoed. That
That Thirty-eighth-at., from Third. to Fifth.
Ave., be regulated and the curb and gutter Atonos
set, 20d the sido walks where not ready dove,
wn direction of the Commissioner of Public Works,
sud thet the accompanying ordinance therefore De
Wieh was lald over.
thea That
Pifth-ave., from Ninetieth to One-bund
anes be and the ourb An
Star stents sidewalks on tho OAs
dina mor of Pub er thas the atompeny
Ing ordinance ar, adopted.
om LT10M
ON VILE.
Gn motion, he Board adjourned until

be
{nst., at 2 o'clock p. mm. Jou tl Fridag, ton
Wo Steamshis Malia
No Steamship Malis
Malls for Burope, vi Lerrod po smambip Ct of Brussels
close at 0:30 a. m.  AlSupplementary Mall, ca o. 4, N. R., sa
closed at 11:20 a.
(Al Iobtaee depoind 1a Suoplementary Malla mast bo prepaid wilh
NPMSINNANY 10
¢1TY GOVERNMENT.
2onrd of Aldermen.
DEPARTURES OF FOREIGN MAILS.

FRIDAY, Oor. 0
2. =1)pa0Re AS FRA
204. Ran ags. Shay.
py. J.—Opeps at 1a m.
2474. Way at. Mars.
2522. Lyon agt. Allison.
25204. Jackson agt. Noomey.
Pe] alr sgt. Gilbert
3, ts Maiden,
1100" Jraing, ph DuiTBek.
1902, Whittemore sgt. Hadley.
1634, Miller agt. Sian.
2454, Mills agt. Snith,
27 L.—VAx Bacwr, J.—Opens
m.
Canees.
1184, .Fievenn ags Cola
1071... Vado sgt. Crotty
1078. MeKaight 128. ame.
Caves,
1565. Morrow ag. Martin
169%... Ullman agt. Lumley.
1649. Bi rlesive apt. Ludustrial Bee
hibition Co.
1241. Gillies agt.
1603. Ackerman agt. Heakel.
1561, Murphy agt Baldwis
1712..8bannen agt. Reilly.
1550, Emmons Barnes,
1670. Barrett agt. Brodhead
1610. Newton at. Codarn.
1563, Randel agt, [sascson.
irr L—Barsoor, C. J.—~Opens of
Tu.
725. Barber agt. V'Brien.
Jom in Batler,
Rigg re on avon Irom
“N Works y
771..Van Houton age. Same.
1209. Didier agt. Hawes,
1165. Carroll Brien.
J —=Opesastliam
1020, Schneider at. Kand
1244. .Towls agt. Marks,
1246. Levy N. H. St'mboat Cn
1268. .Christ agt. Forty seconded
and Grand-«t Perry Co.
1263. Davis agt. Smith.
nr [—diroes J ~Opensat 10a wm,
6731. Mavor agt. Stranss,
6436. Tillotson agt. The National
Telegrarh Co
6839. Savage agt. Onpenbeimer.
6840, ,Herrlon aqt Henseh,
6841. Hersion set. Grathwabl
TI04. Cahn agt. Lowenstein.
Prank Roover, false pretenses,
9..John Levu, reiviviag stolem
10. Joseph Barnett, receiv’g stolen
goads.
0. RE Bogart, disorderly
ne
13. Moses Dasian, pédit larceny,
ADWIRALTY—BrATCuFORD, J,
Al
140. .Loce ot al. a. The eames
City of Baltimore,
207. Kiernan agt. Austin of ol,
Protection
Ou,
9. Hoag art. Lightbody.
128.. Ha Beran,
12. Morris agt. Melville
140. Thornton Draper.
199. .80ule agt. Berry.
249. Hash ags Bera.
291. Kraft agt. New
106.. Woris agt. Lawrsuca.
y

i