<v< HM# m
Vs

The Ssy should have the eyt of Argus. hr it
honorable if he Io but look to ‘he welfare of the
commonwealth.
W 0 RCESTFB.
MOVDAT. SOVKMBFIC 13, 1871.
The Next PlWidcilCf.
The S- Republican Itcffinsa discussion
of tin* next republican nomination for the presi
dency. It maintains that General Grant should
m>t *>e renominated, and fives a list of prominent
men fiom which his successor can be success
fully chosen. It says: “Of the president s
friends, for instance, whose leadership would re
m ive all pretexts for division and opposition,
there are Colfax, and Koutwell, and General
Hawley; ol equally ::ood republicans, who have
more or less separated in personal sympathies
from the administration, are M r Sumner and
Mr. Adams of Massachusetts, Horace Greeley,
General Cox of Ohio, Senator Trumbull and
Judge Davis of Illinois, Gratz Brown of Missouri,
and G rernor Cartin of Pennsylvania.”
1 here are three or four capable men a mom:
those licit* named; but the list, as a whole, is
not attractive. Our smilinsr friend, Mr. Colfax,
is trood as far as he goes, but he is not equal to
the highest style of statesmanship; he is not
strong enough for it, in any respect. As for
Horace Greeley, he is Horace Greeley, and this
is enough tosav of him, at present. If anybody
can tell wbat Gen. Cox would do, as president,
we should like to hear it. We arc not aide to see
that he is a strong, trustwoithy man, or that lie
is likely to get much beyond dilettautcism in
statesmanship. Gov. Curtin is— weT, does the
editor of the R publican actually know much of
Gov. Curtin? It is our opinion that he will not
get the nomination. Gratz Brown's political
recoid in Missouri, tor some time past, does not
attract us to support him, for it does not allow
us to feel much confidence in his judgment; and
Judge Davis is still less acceptable, on account
of both his political recoid and his general un
fitness to undertake the duties of president, at
the present time. It is amusing to hear lnm
named as “oue of those good republicans who
have more or less separated in personal sympa
thies liom the administration.” The truth is, he
is one of those bad republicans who went into
the democratic party through the slough of
Andy-Johnscnism.
It was understood that private notice had
been given, that certain journals (among others
the Ni w York Tribune) would come out strong
ly nAininst the renomination of Gen. Grant, as-
November elections. When they have
made up their issue against him distinctly, we
shall know better what to think of their oppo
sition. Meanwhile, we do not sec hew they can
contrive any issue of this kind, which will have
much influence with the people. In Missouri,
the Gratz Brown republicans “separated in
sympathy from the administration,” because
the president would not allow the influence of
his administration to be used in aid of their
conspiracy to break down the republican party,
in that state, by means of a league with the
democratic party. He was right; and we don’t
believe they will be in a hurry to invite the re
publican party of the country to 'discuss the
actual cause of their complaint.
If those who oppose the renomination of Gen
Grant, could bring forward a candidate quali
fied lor the office, in mind, character, and po
litical knowledge, and entirely faultless in all
respects, they would doubtless get a hearing
and might carry their point. Wc remember
that there was a very active and earnest move
ment to prevent the renomination of Abraham
Lincoln; but it failed miserably, because it
lacked a substautial basis; and yet it seamed to
many good republicans tfiat Mr. Lincoln's ad
-Stniistration had not been entirely faultless. We
wait to see wbat issue will be made up for pop
ular use against Gen. Grant. Independent jour
nalism is an excellent thing; hut it is not al
ways identical with reckless criticism, and, to
realize it, »here most be independence of preju
dice, egotistical ambition, and special aims
which disregard the general interest, as well as
independence of government favor and all
other sinister influences.
“What will the secure do with Tweed?'’ is one
of the questions discussed in New York. He
has a certificate of election to the senate, and
proposes to take his scat and act as senator; but,
it is suggested that he will not be allowed to do
so, or that he will be expelled immediately, or
that in some proper way he will be made to un
derstand that his ciimes have unfitted him lor
the nosition. It would ccrtaiuiy be a very re
markable fact, even in the history ol New York
politics, if Tweed, the exposed Tammany robber,
should oe allowed tj sit and act iu the New York
senate with honor able members of that body.
But, there is another reason why he should lie
excluded. There was voting lixe an honest
election in his distiict. There was something
which was called nothing, and there was a pre
tense of counting votes which was managed bv
Tammany scoundrels; but there was no election
such as that for which provision is made by the
laws. At the so-called “polls," it was danger
ous to vote for O'Donovan Rossa, Tweed’s
opponent, and in many cases, nun who
voted for him were terribly beaten by
roughs and bawdy house bullies who
managed the voting in Tweed's behalf. It was
veiy difficult toi Ro*sa’s friends to get ballots
beating his name,because they w'ere destroyed by
these viilaius as soon as they were brought into
the neighborhood of the voting places. And yet,
Rosea claims that more ballots were east for
him, under these circumstances, than tor Tweed.
At any rate, it appears to be true that ballot
box stuffing and false counting prevailed
throughout that district. It was not an elec
tion; it was the violent rush of a mob of atro
coas ruffl ns to fill the ballot boxes with Tweed
ballots, by any process, and make the count elect
him.
Will the New Y«*rk senate accept this work
of a ruffianly inob, as an election Such pro
ceedings have been common in New York city.
Shall they lie allowed us q permanent substitute
for election-? it not, they should not, in any
case, lie accepted as elections. There can never
be a bettei time than the present to begin the
work of treating them as they deserve, nor a
better opportunity than is furnished by this
case of the infamous Tweed.
This is a bad year lor public swindlers. Be
sides the municipal ring in New York which has
come to grief, a similar one in Brooklyn, of less
dimensions only !>ecause its opi>ortunities were
less, is resolutely attacked aud will probably
have to succumb. In; Indiana they have had
wbat they call the “Indianapolis ring," to which
the fiuanciul officers of the state and the state
printers, for several yeats past, have belonged.
Men of both parties are implicated in the frauds
now discovered; a change in the administration
only gave opportunities to a new set of thieves,
who were initiated by their predecessors into the
mysteries of tapping the treasury,and generally
improved on their example. An inquiry into
the operations of the state primer, Richard J.
Bright, who was accused of illegitimate trans
actions in pa[»er purchased for the use of his
office, led to the discoveries which ate now ex
citing attention. Mr. liayless W Hanna, the
attorney general, In s been overhauling the
vouchers and accounts of the financial officers
since 1868, and finds that almost every one of
them has been unlawfully appropriating the
public money. Some of them were poor men
when elected, but all were rich when they
left office. Whether this business bad been
going on before 1868 we do not learn,
but In that year and the next the
state officers were democrats, and the treas
urer, auditor and state printer made their offices
very profitable They were succeeded, in 1865,
by republicans, which party remaiued in
power until the beginning of the present year.
Having a louger rime in which to become pro.
ficieut by cou*tant practice, and doubt'ess find
ing their wants grow with their opportunities,
the re publican officials made greater inroads
upon the treasury than their predecessors.
With the beginuing of this year the state ad
ministration passed again into the bauds of the
democrats, and the treasurer, auditor and print
or we.*e as u*ual inak ug the »no>*t of their
ebaa tor plunder, and last developing a re
mark this takat for knavery, when (he inquisi
ttvecea* of the attorney general interfered with
their finis game. The whole amount stolen
said tv be wore than the whole revenue raised
by state taxation in the last two years. Suits
have Ik*cu brought against the officials impli
cated, with some prospect of recovering a por
tion of the stolen money. As both parties arc
involved in the disgrace, no party capital can lie
made from the affair, and the unanimity with
which the guilty persons are denounced is very
refreshing.
Tfu* present chancellor of the Austro-Hunga
j rian monarchy, Count Andrassy, the successor
of Count v n lieust, was twenty years ago a
rebel with a price set on his head, who escaped
death only by voluntary exile, llis property
was confiscated, and lie earned a slender living
in London bv teaching French, German and
j mathematics, giving his spare time to writing
pamphlets, in which the emperor of Austria,
whose trusted counsellor he now is, was de
nounced ns the most blood-thirsty and cruel
ruler of modern times. Andrassy’s offence was
taking part in the Hungarian revolution, the
same in which Kossuth gained distinc
tion and exile. But Count Andrassy was,
after some years, pardoned by the em
peror, liis estates were restored, and lie took
an active part in Hungarian polities. He still
opposed the imperial policy, insisting that it was
necessary for the peace and strength of the
empire that Hungary, instead of remaining a
province of the Austrian empire, should la* re*
stored to its ancient dignity as a distinct king
dom, with an indcja*ndem cabinet and parlia
ment of its own. At the end of the war with
Prussia the emperor found himself under the
necessity of iclding to this demand. The Hun
garian monarchy was established with its inde
pendent cabinet and Andrassy was made prime
minister. His administration was highly suc
cessful and beneficial to his country and lie is
now called to the higher dignity of chancellor
of the empire.
Toining M ild IS n flu I or*.
Mr. lYm,Emerson Baker,ol’ Rulgc Hill Farms
Wellesley, is trying the experiment of taming
buffaloes, and of using them for the improve
ment of farm stock. He has been successful
with the manufacture of Grover Baker’s sew
ing machines, and wc hope he will be successful
in this new enterprise. 11c gives the following
account of it, in a letter to the Boston Journal:
“The buffaloes noticed in the newspapers, yes
terday (Nov. 9th), as purchased by roe, were
captured through ilie enterprise ot Mr. John
Swe« ncy of S indusk.y, Ohio, and not as repoi ted
yesterday. Mr. Sweeney employed the Mr.
Stand is h and ten others, including the famous
William Haycock, I letter known as ‘Wild Bill,’
from the record in Harper’s and other New York
weeklies of Ins prowess and adventures as a
scout during the rebellion, and as a trapper on
our western prairies. Mr. Sweeney’s object was
to capture live buffaloes, and bring them to the
Atlantic coast for a market. In company with
these eleven trappers, lie, in April of this year,
101 l j wed the trail twenty days before sighting
the herd. He selected the largest, apparently
king bull of the herd, for capture. But it was
only after a chase ol three days that ‘Wild Bill'
succeeded in getting a lassoo round his neck,
but this ‘powerful king of the herd was not to
be caught by the mere strength of man
and horse.’ ‘Wild Bill’ was pulled in
among the herd, his ski!! and daring
only preventing his being crushed by the terror
stricken herd. Finally tripping the bull, a sec.
ond and a third lassoo were thrown around his
legs, and the monarch was a prisoner. The
trappers gave him the name of Pomp; but in
honor to the one who first la*soocd him, i pro
pose to call him Porapey Haycock. His age is
three years last spring. (All buffaloes, or rath
er bisons, as we have no buffaloes on this conti
nent, calve in the soring.) 1 have not yet weigh
ed him, but judge him to weigh somewhat less
than two thousand pounds. The other buffalo
bull, “Bob,” a two year old, was also caught
from the same herd at the head of Republican
river, Kansas. Ihe yearling buffalo was cap
tured in June last by another expedition organ
ized by Mr. Sweeney, on the Solomon river, Col
orado, os lie determined not to stait east until
he had captured a nuffalo cow; and as the bulls
always run on the outside and the cows in the
middle of the herd, there is the greatest difficul
ty and danger from being crushed by the herd at
tending the capturing of a cow. Tins lieiler was
named by the party capturing her,“Julia.” 1 pro
pose to name her iu honor of the enterprising
man who organized the capturing party at large
pecuniaiy outlays, “Julia Sweeney,” and in an
swer to numerous queries I will add that the ob
ject in my purchising these animals is to try a
cros-, both ways, between Jersey, Arysbire and
Durham stock and buffalo, and accommodate
such others a« desire to experiment in the same
way for improvement of milk stock. The buf
falo cows arc reported to give very extra rich
quality of milk. My Julia Sweeney—or as my
farm hands call her—“The Buffalo gal thateaine
out by the light of the moon,” is very gentle in
spite ot her immense head and pluck, allowing
me to brush and comb her rich, long hair, which
hangs from her head in the same loose way as
is now the fashion for dressing, <>r rather for not
dressing, the hair of numerous young girls in
Boston. “Poropcy Haycock,” although the
terror —with iiis immense head—of all mules,
horses and farm stock, is now quite tame and
allows me to stroke his head.
“The freight on the three buffaloes from Kan
sas City to Sandusky, where they were exhibited
to some profit, and then direct to Boston, was
nearly SSOO. While being led and driven to
my larm, these buffaloes were followed through
Boston streets by a crowd sometimes numbering
several hundreds of the curious. When out of
the city and on the road to my place, all the
horses they met, out ot respect, probably, gave
them the entire road, and did not attempt to
crowd them as ‘some people we have all met’
on country roads sometimes think their special
duty io do When 1 make my first buffalo but
ter (which cannot be for near two years yet,) I
will try to remember to send you a slice of
bread buffalo-butter*d both sides.”
Letter from New York,
Tnnnunny’, OnnhKW-lu (in., Con.
wqucnco and liiriilenh.
(from our regular correspondent.]
New York, Nov. 10,1871.
The agony of our election h over. The result,
so far as figures can express it, is as well known
lo you us to us, but it seems to me that no one
out of New Yoik can fully appreciate all that, is
conveyed in the words, “Tainmany is over
thrown.'' Three months ago, when the New
York Times began its fearful onslaught upon
the “ring,” it looked as though Tammany meant
only Tweed and Sweeny, for Hall and Connolly
are but poor sticks, only fit for tools to be used
by greater scoundrels than themselves; and so
Tweed and Sweeny meant the democratic party
of the city and state. It is only a littie more
than three years since the new Tammany hall
was formally dedicated. John T. Hoffman, then
mayor of the city, now governor of the state,
made the dedicatory address. “In this hall,” he
said,“will assemble representatives of all the
states, to insist that henceforth statesmanship,
magnanimity and patriotism shall rule
he land. I dedicate this hall to the
groat principles ot civil and religious
liberty, to truth, justice, and equality,
and to the great democratic party, which
lias ever been, and ever will be, the cham
pion and defender of them all." Mr. Hoff
man is, in his way, a rather decent man. It
would be a sight worth seeing to look upon him
to-day if he happened to Ire reading that address
of his. Tammany indeed failed to make a pres
ident, but it carried the city, and through the
city the state. Such a gang of blackguards and
villains as it fastened upon us the woild has
rarely seen. It put them in every place, from
the highest to the lowest. Of our city council
three-quarters were keepers of the vilest grog
shops. The dens of more than half of them
were known to be the haunts of thieves and
pickpockets. Hardly a man connected with
our municif al government even pretended to be
decent. Let one incident serve as a specimen of
hundreds.
or almost a generation a certain woman has
kept a splendid bagnio—'“boarding-house” her
place is styled m the directory. A while a«*o
this woman completed the twenty filth year of
her business. A number of her friends took it
into their heads to celebrate the occasion by a
sort of travesty upon a “silver wedding.’’ a
service of silver was prepared, with appropriate
Inscription?. The party was to be a “high”
one, aud for that night the bagnio was closed
to all except the favored few. Special
notice was given to the police that,
however uproarious the proceedings might
t>e, the house was not to be “pulled" that night.
Accident, not long since, threw in my way an
account of the proceedings from the lips of one
who was present, with tlu* names of the leading
spirits. Among these was a man who then oc
cupied, and still occupies, a seat on the judicial
bench, and who figured conspicuously in our
late election. A man, who was then assistant
district attoruey, was another guest. The pre
sentation speech was made by a person who
stand* high-many say the very highest—as a
criminal lawyer in the city. According to my
informant, this speech was the very wittiest and
cleverest thing ever done b.v this lawyer. I dare
not even attempt to hint at the orgies which
made the Di-In hideous in that bagnio.
Well, tiiis is bui 4in indication of the kind of
men that Tammany had placed over us. Yet its
rule seemed fix**d as to be incapable of bein«'
shaken. J'qffiiflauy hod apparently ut its con.
©lit fittln Spn; Worcester, JBonrinj, Jtotomkr 13, 1871.
trol two votes out of three, even when fairly
counted. It could count as many more as it
pleased. If 5000 fraudulent votes in the city
were not enough to swamp the fair republican
majority in flic state, it could make them 10,000,
or 20,000 if need were. So in 1868 it carried the
state bv 10,000 for Seymour for president,
against Grant. This was not much, but it was
enough for the occasion. Lust year a greater
show was wanted, and so the returns gave about
84,000 majority for Hoffman as governor. This
year they wanted more; 00,000 was the number
fixed upon, and owing to dissension among the
republicans, it seemed that they would get it
without any unusual frauds.
But there was an uiuler-cnrrent of indigna
tion against Tammany. It first found breath
on occasion of the “Orange riot” of July 12.
This would possibly have blown over; Tamma
ny was sure that it would—nobody so sure as
poor Oakey Hall, our silly mayor. But soon
after came the first of the fierce attacks by the
rimes, showing that the “ring” were not only
scoundrels, which nobody doubted, but arrant
thieves as well. That too we were inclined to
believe; but we did not suppose the fact could
be proved. But the Times did prove it by a
continuous array of figures. One by one the
newspapers came round. Even the World iiud
ro own up that its old enemies, and of late fast
friends, were thieves. The press had come to
be wholly on the right side. 1 think the only
exception was that of a disreputable sheet, the
editor of which was a convicted forger of what
purported to be official documents. How its ed
itor happens now to be at large is a mystery.
The Times with its figures found an able coad
jutor in Harper’s Weekly. The rogues exposed
by figures of the Times found their villainous fea
tures set forth week after week in pictorial form.
To Thomas Nast, a quiet artist, it was given to
strike some of the sharpest blows at the ring.
Fortune in a way favored the arlist; for if two
men ever lived upon whose faces were written
the names of rogue and scoundrel, these two
men are Tweed and Sweeny. To carricatiire
them was impossible. Nast did better. He
showed them just as they show themselves.
Nast has rather carricatured the poor fellow
Oakey Hall; he really does not look half as big
a fool as he is. But Nasi's pictures of Tweed
and Sweeny are absolutely fearful. They show
the villains just as they are. In all the satiric
pictures of Gilrav and Cruikshank, there is
nothing to be compared with this series by Nast.
Now, with this Tammany gang we had to try
to do. The result you know. It was to the best
judgment very dubious on the morning of our
election day. I had made up my mind that the
real test vote in the city would be that for regis
ter, between Shandley and Sigel. The offl e is
of itself of no very special importance, except
that it involves large emoluments. Shandley
was known as Tweed's man Friday. I do not
think he knew of all Tweed's rogueries; but
what he did know he endorsed. So every vote
that Tweed could command was sure for Shand
ley. Sigel, on the other hand, was endorsed by
all opposed to Tammany. Thus the two men
w'ould likely call out the full vote of the two
sides. Considering the old Tammany majority
of some 60,000 in the city, and bearing in mind
that Tweed asked for 80,000 majority in his own
district, in place of the 22,000 which lie had two
years ago, I made up my mind that if Shandley
failed to have 10,000 majority over Sigel, it
would be a substantial victory over Tammany.
Judge, then, of my surprise, when I find that
instead of Shandley having a majority of 10,000,
Sigel has a majority of 25,000. In other words,
iu a vote of about 130,000, we have on the test
vote done better by 85,000 than l Jared to hope.
As for the rest, wc have achieved everything
worth achieving. The hoard of aldermen is
ours. The present rum-selling gang is swept
away by an average majority of not much less
than 20,000. A decent man may not, next year,
lie ashamed to acknowledge an alderman as an
acquaintance.
There was a sort of side issue in our city vote,
which is of immense import for the future.
Here the voters of foreign birth outnumber those
of native birth. The voters of Irish and German
birth have heretofore gone squarely together for
Tammany. For some time the Germans have
been dissatisfied with Irish supremacy. They
have now, as is shown by the vote for Sigel,
broken away from the old alliance. The German
vote is mainly an honest one. Ido not venture
to say that the great German vote, hitherto
democratic, will hereafter he republican; but Ido
believe that it will not hereafter go for rogues. If
we republicans prove ourselves to be honest, this
German vote will go with us. If we do not, we
shall not deserve it, and will not, as I hope and
believe, have it.
Our great victory in the city would have|bccn 0,-
little real value unless we had also carried the
state. By that I do not mean what is commonly
called the “state ticket," which this year con
sists ot officials whose functions are not properly
political. That we have carried this by some
16,(KM), instead of losing it by three times as
many, is of course a matter of congratulation.
But the test question was the legislature, and to
gain a majority here was the one point to which
Tammany bent itself. If they coijld get this, or,
failing iu a majority, could come so near it that
by buying up three or four men of the rascally
Winans stump, we could do nothing. Spite of
all that we could do, our infamous city charter
would remain, and the ring would still, through
its superservieable tool, the mayor, hold control
of everything. But we have gained the legisla
ture, and by a majority in both branches, which
puts everything in our power. We can not have
much less than two to one in each house. I low
long our present charter shall exist after the
meeting of the legislature is only a question of
days.
Tweed is, of course, elected as senator from
that district which even the democratic World
pronounces to be a “scab" on the city. It is
said that an effort will be made to prevent him
Iroin taking his seat. 1 hope that, unless in the
meanwhile he is not sent to state prison, he will
be allowed to take his seat. He will be power
less lor evil, and his seat will be worse than a
pillory to him.
It is to be hoped that among the first acts of
the legislature will be one directing a tablet to
be placed in our court house, inscribed with the
names of those who had charge of its erection
and furnishing, w ith the amounts paid to them
and the actual value of what they furnished.
The result will be that of the $12,000,000 which
that structure has cost, not less than $10,000,000
has been absolutely stolen. It would be instruc
tive to have the names of the thieves, and the
amount of the stealings of each, thus handed
down to posterity. Ido not imagine that even
Charles O’Conor will he able to recover for us
much of the stolen money, and perhaps not suc
ceed in sending the thieves to Sing Sing; but
the legislature can brand them iu this way.
There is one man who has gone down politi
cally, for whom we may feel somewhat sorry.
Led with, the Tammany candidate for judge of
the supreme court, is a.young man of good pri
vate character. Having mastered enough law
to enable him to be admitted to the bar, he put
up liis shingle; but soon went into politics, as a
democrat. In time he was elected police jus
tice; and l think there is no question that lie
performed liis duties well and faithfully. Two
ov three years ago, when there was a sort of
split in the party, he took the anti-Tammany
side, and rau against Oakey H ill for mayor.
W hen the next election came Tammany tried to
oust him from the place of police justice. They
failed in this, and he was re-elected by a decided
majority. The ring vented their spite against
him in the only way they could, by sending
him to a court out Jof |tbe district where he re
sided, and placing him in the one most incon
venient to him. From that time he became a
vehement cneuiy of Tammany, and helped to
establish a newspaper opposed to the ring. He
was appointed one of the “committee of seven
ty," which lias done such good service, and was
nominated by the “reform democrats" forjudge
of the supreme couet, This is perhaps the
highest pri/.c open to a lawyer. The salary is
ample, and the term of office is fourteen years.
What then was the surprise of all of us when,
a few days before the election, Lcdwith
was also foi uially nominated by Tammany hall.
He accepted the nomination. The com
mittee of seventy erased his name from the list
of nominees which they recommended. The re
sult was that his opponent, Barrett, of whom
probably not one voter in a hundred had ever
heard, was elected by a majority greater by a
number of thousands than any other mau on
the ticket. Tammany “scratched" him fearful
ly. in his anxiety to make a sure thing of it,
tried to carry water on both shoulders,
and so came to grief. His ambition has always
been lor political success. But it may safely be
assumed that his career in this respect has
closed. lam rather sorry for it, for he had in
him the makings of a better fate. a. h. g.
The World Without Newspaper*.
A world without newspapers is to us at lids
date almost as inconceivable as a world without
clothes was to Carlyle, whereof In* writes that
“imagination will not forward with the picture.
The nearest actual approach wo can have to it,
as we trust, is realized in Chicago, where every
one of the eighty newspapers published in the
city was blotted out by the great disaster. The
lew journals which have partially resumed oper
ations are overwhelmed with business. “Adver
tising,” a correspondent writes, “is essential to
the reorganization ol tin* city. Never whs the
necessity that the newspaper has become to civil
ized society, so vividly illustrated as during the
last three weeks in Chicago.
Without newspapers the world would crowd
again in plazas or market-places, as the Athe
nians used to, eager to hear or tell some new
thing. Every man should be again his own re
porter, chasing the busy rumor up and down
with living feet. It should be next to impos
sible to learn exactly where, when or how any
thing happened, and the anxious inquirer should
bitterly repent him of the days when be said
mockingly, “It must be true, for I read it in the
newspaper.” For the newspaper is to cut rent
rumor, what history is to tradition. It
is life epitomized; talk abbreviated; events
daguerreotypod in the very act of hap
pening; it is everybody and bis wife
dropping in to tea or to breakfast and
telling you in good English all they have seen
and been doing, without disturbing your quiet
or household economy. Beginning with bulle
tins from king’s courts and dispatches from
scats of war or councils of stale, the newspaper
lots by insensible degrees enlarged its roportorial
function, until it covers with its insatiate tentn
eula quite the whole field of public and private
transactions, and what it does not tell, is not
worth knowing. The Yankee is no longer in
quisitive; whatever he wants to know lie can
find out in his daily paper. Take it away from
hi in and he would be a lost man. It is Ilia di
rectory, his railroad guide, his business or finan
cial correspondent, his familiar gossip, bis mes
sage from home. It is the Vanity Fair, where
you can find what you will, whether business or
pleasure. The maid opens the damp sheet to
glance at the marriage column; the maiden
mint at the obituaries; brother Tom to scan the
tally of the last “national game”; and in this
indispensable epheinerou everybody’s world is
represented.
The world without newspapers would be at a
sudden loss for its ready-made ideas. Its wits
would go ragged, at least for a season. The
manufacture of public opinion, or the different
approved varieties, has become an industry of
enormous proportions. The well-bred and well
led Englishman, has no opinion they say, on the
latest event, till he has read the London Times,
and every mail has his printed oracle which he
consults when too busy, or too lazy to do his
own thinking. Dionysius and other mouarchs
used to keep a philosopher or two in the house
to supply them with ideas, or keep their minds
in motion; now a similar luxury is open to the
poorest, who may secure fora trifle the daily or
weekly visit of a mentor. Busy people don't
really have time to think of everything as it hap
pens, and they love t have some kindred mind,
of the same sect or school, dish up the news for
them with appropriate notes and comments, that
they may say “just what I think about it,” ns
very like it is, if they had time and art to get at
their own thought and get it out into words.
The writers for the London Times are said to
make its success not by attempting to shape, but
simply to express the thought on current topics
of the average Englishman, The last leading
editorial of a great newspaper is at least a foil
lor thought and provocative of intellectual ac
tivity in all circles. In the discussions of cars
and stages vou recognize the familiar voice ot
Times and Tribune. The literary and religious
weeklies are echoed and reflected in large circles
of admiring readers; the sparks struck our of
their editorial anvils scintillate all over the
land.
The world without newspapers, even if every
duodecimo and quarto and folio were spared,
would fall into a comparatively Cimmerian
darkness. Knowledge is really not published
for the masses until it gets out of books into the
convenient and cheap and quickly read newspa
per. Many a mind is started upon inquiry and in
vestigation by some scrap of scientific or curious
information which “I read in a newspaper.” As
it is said that the New Testament might almost
be reproduced from quotations in the writings of
the early fathers, so quite a fair representation
of modern literature and science might be gath
ered up by excerpts from newspapers, wlii :h are*
read one day and burned the next. A good
newspaper for a year is a small circulating
libiarv. Newspapers are the missionaries
of knowledge, which are fairly blown
into the faces of the ignorant, like the
winged seeds which propagate vegetation at
points no other agency could have reached.
They fill the atmosphere with advanced think
ing and illuminating ideas, so that they cannot
be kept out by any ban, for everybody reads
newspapers. The two thousand or more jour-,
mils of the ronutry play as indispensable a part
in the national education as the public schools;
blot them out and we are at least three centu
ries back toward the dark ages.
The average standard of journalistic litera
ture and influence is not so high yet as it ought
to be and might be. But we have reason never
theless to congratulate ourselves that we are not
condemned to live in a world without newspa
pers.—Hartford 'onrant.
What is Railway Ditst?— At a late meet
ing of the Manchester literary and philosophical
society, Mr. J. Sidebotham read a paper on the
microscopical examination of dust blown into
a railway carriage near Birmingham. He said:
On the 24th of May, 1870, while traveling by
rail between Salt ley and Camp Hill, I spread a
paper on the seat of the carriage near the open
window, and collected the dust that fell upon it.
A rough examiualion of this with the two
thirds power showed a large proportion of frag
ments of iron; and on applying a soft iron
needle, I found many of them were highly mag
in lie. They were mostly long, thin, and shaight.
the largest being about 1-150 of an inch, anti
under the power used, had the appearance of a
quantity of old nails. I then, with a magnet,
separated the iron from the other particles. The
weight altogether of the dust collected was 5-7
grains, and the proportion of these particles
composed wholly or iu part of iron, was 2.9
grains, or more than one half. The iron thus
separated consisted chiefly of fused particles of
dross or burned iron, like “clinkers;” many
were more or less spherical, like those brought
to our notice D.y Mr. Dancer from
the flue of a furnace, but none so
smooth; they were all more or less covered
with spikes and cxeresenees, some having long
tails like the old “Prince Rupert's drops”; there
were* also many small angular particles like east
iron, having erystaline structures. The other
portion of the dust eousisted largely of cinders,
some very bright angular fragments of glass or
quartz, a few bits of yellow metal, opaque,
white and spherical bodies, like those described
by Mr. Dancer, grains of sand, a few bits of coal,
&c.
After the examination of this dust, I could
easily understand why it had produced such ir
ritation; the number of angular, pointed, and
spiked pieces of iron, and the sconce or clinker.*,
being quite sufficient to account for the unpleas
ant effect. I think it probable that the magnetic
strips of iron arc laminnce from the rails and
tires of the wheels, and the other iron particles
portions of fused metal, cither from the coal or
lrom the furnace liars. The large proportion
of iron found iu the dust is probably owing to
the metal being heavier than the ordinary dust,
and accumulating iu cuttings such as those be
tween the two stations named. It I had to trav
el much by railway through that district, I
should like to wear magnetic railway spectacles,
and a magnetic respirator in dry weather.
A Chinese Conservative.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Journal <le St. Petersburg an
nounces the death of Vo-Yen, the most danger
ous enemy of the Europeans in China. He was
the tutor of the late emperor, and consequently
possessed great influence at the Chinese court,
and was the chief of the literary class in China,
which is known for its hatred of everything Eu
ropean. His family was of Mongolian origin,
but had long been settled in China. The late
emperor, on ascending the throne, gave him the
important post of governor of Moukden, in
Mantehouria—a dignity which is much sought
alter in the empire, as Moukden is the cradle of
ihe reigning dynasty. While holding (his post,
Vo-Yen was a witness of the war in which Chinn
was beaten by England and France, and this in
flamed the hatred which he hud previously felt
for all foreigners into a sort of frenzy. When,
shortly alter, he became tutor to the present
emperor, he repeatedly laid before the sovereign
reports against Europeans, and in one of these
lie went so far as to declare that he would not
die happy until altercating the flesh of the for
eigners and lying on a couch made of their skins,
lie protested strongly against the establishment
of u school of science and foreign languages at
the Pekin foreign office, and against the Bur
lingame mission, on the ground that a foreigner
had been placed at its head, and that the subor
dinate posts were filled by Chinese dignitaries.
Vo Yen was very popular amonghis countrymen
on account ol his charities, his disinterestedness,
and his simple mode of life, llis household was
conducted on a modest scale, and a considerable
part ol his fortune was devoted to the relief of
the poor and the maintenance of a school for
giving gratuitous instruction to those who could
not afford to pay for their education.
ljAl’ibST jyLatXKrtVli; x
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New York. Nov. 11.—The statement ot the hank* for
the week again show* favorable fe ttures In ihe gain of
reserve amt an augmentation of the surplus hold in
excess of the legal requirement. The statement oiffer*
ftom that ol last week os follow*: Increase in loans
$2,701,800; increase in specie. ,00-1,000; increase ia
legal tenders. $2,055,100; increase in depo*iis, «ti,S4H ooo
decrease in circulation, $40,600.
The gold market was dull and steady, with all the sales
at 111 H and 111 Si. Forcasli gold borrowers were allowed
a small consideration. *av two to three per cent. The
gross clearance* were $4*,000,000. ami the specie ship
ment $240,000.
Money was easy at 6 percent, with transactions at 5
and 7 per cent.
The *tatc bond* were steady an! generally firm. The
new South Carolina* were active at 35H (f« 3
Government bond* were quiet and firm but unchanged.
The closing price* are:
llu: ed 4iai.es.wo'a, 1882,coupons lll.H
*867. 114 H
10-408 109 H
United States currency be H 29«
The stock market has been Intensely dull and m the
main steady, although It might he called alternately
weak ami strong within a range of fluctuation* hardtV
exceeding X per cent. A* usual the bmk statement
wa*. In the language of the street, "discount ed,” somuch
so, thut when it made it* appearance, favorable a* n
wa>, all the lmprovenu nt was lost, owing to a selling
movement wli cti canted price* back lo the opening
figures. Toward the close, however, prices advanced
again, led by Wabash, which was very strong on the an
nouncement that ilic earnings of the company lor the
past week were more Ilian during the corresponding
week of last year. The only active feature has been in
Erie which was largely dealt in at lift. .Stock* cio a e a*
I follows:
N. Y. Central A Hudson River consol’d 91M
IrltnllrMd!
Reading railroad DO
Lab« Shore M;*'' t It now....RAX
do do o'd IDS**
do do scrip 79H
Cleveland and Pltudmrg rain **rt 124 X
Chicago and sTor weatern railroad BOX
do do orererree
Ch'dtgo and Rock inland railroa 10I 3
r.»r» iTtvtir and Chicago ran read (bid)..954
Pacific Mall Steamship company 45X
Milwaukee and bt Paul rat:road 564
do <lo oraf. 77 X
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 394

Western Union Telegtapn company <*44
Union Pacific railroad stock 24 ,1 i
Columbus,Cincinnati Ind. Central U It ....18
BONTCN *TO< K SALES—Nov. 11.
$4,000 Union I'acillc railroad tts 874
$6,000 Union PaclQc land grant 7s 77?*
SI,OOO Hartford and Erie railroad 7s. now VSX
#l.OOll Maine State I>*lß‘9 100 X
•1.000 boston city 6s, Iks currency 1004
SI,OOO St. Louis City 6s. 18SS 87N
SIOO si mislead and (iiatuhlv7s 83)4
SI,OOO llH’.tk’N i) itV 7 I Mil! 084
SI,OOO lloxhury City 6s, K7(i 100
$2,000 .to .Vs. 1880 00
45.00.) boston City ss. 1885, gold 904
$4,000 Mansfield «V Framingham UR, Ist in 75..894(8*804
S-. 000 Vt ci ft VI. .V, <’a. Ult Bs, 1875 ICO4
$3,000 Rutland railroad Bs, ikmo 98? i
*5.000 Framingham a d Lowell IS It 7s, 1891 88 5
$5,000 Ki Joseph and Council bluffs H Ist 10s 084
$6,000 do do Bs, 1874 91
lOd "Won eid \tl>anv railroad 1434«£144
75 Eastern railroad lon@lQß4
25 Indianapolis ami Cincinnati railroad 74
65 Michigan Central railroac I'2o
42 '~)irdensbiire A r ake Champlain RK 864(887
66 Rutland railroad, pret 75
l(Ht Union Pacific, railroad '244
80 boston and Maine railroad 14D4@l4Ai
5 boston and Lowell railroad, old 1354
•2 boston and Lowell railroad, new 115.4
31 Portl mil. Saco and Portsmouth railroad. 1304@1304
50 Connecticut River railroad 140
80 Chicago, burling* on and Quincy R K....1284@1284
58 Conn a d runs. River railroad, pref 914
15 Cheshire railroad, pref 8t
8 Fitchburg nitron-* 13(4
10 Nautnkcae Steam Cotton Mill" 130
13 Bates Manufacturing Co 1134
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
Chicago, Nov ll.—Flour unchanged Wheat—demand
lig.it an i holders firm: safes >o 1 spring a $1,24
1.24 4: No 2 $1,204 ft 1,204 No 3 $1,104: rejected $1,02
1,0 >4; No 2 spring seller lari half of month $1,214;
selle.* December sl. '24. Corn In air demand and firm
No 2 mixed 484 (a, 484 c. Rye in fair demand; sates No
2at 334 c ba- by higher: No 2 spring 54 (<t 544 c. l’ork
firm; sales at $12,75 (tc 12,87: seller December $12,70 (<ij
2,75 sel er January $.2,874 13; seller February
$13,25 H 13.40 Hulk meatß in fair demand; green hams
7<". 74c; slion.dera 4 44c; short rib middless4
6c; n i ol i meat in the market, bon icd meats —shoul-
ders,' »c; Cumberland middles 6 ac; long clear 7c. Whis
bej active and higher At KS; Live liogtaclive and high
er at $3,95 (o'. 4,53. Receipts—6.ooo hhls flour. 65,000 hush
wheat. 120,603 Push corn, 3.000 busli oats, 11.000 bush
barley, 8,000 bush i ve. -Uilpmen's 3000 bids flour. 69.000
bush wheat-, 87,000 bush corn, 3,000 hush barley, MOO
bush rye, 3000 liogs.
Cincinnati, Nov. 11.—Pork dull; no sales; $12,75 asked,
$12.50 offered. L irddul .a 84(a) 9c. bulk meats firm
and nil—shoulders 7c; sides 7 s 74c; new 74 <(L 7*c,
oellverv two weeks hciicv* 4e I-*ss. bacon unchanged.
Hogs in goo i demand at $4,40 4,5 u; receipts 6000 head.
Will key quiet at 38c.
M.w oki.kans, >ov. 11.—Cotton quiet; middlings
at 17 4 18c.
It is a Bkoad Claim in an article ol daily and univer
sal u-e. that It is better and cheaper than any other; but
the putdie has eueo sed this claim tor boots and shoes
made wo h Calif Screw Wire The Immense demand ot
the pari is steadily augmenting In our paper ma> be
round a card la relation to these excellent goods.
A cask of chronic rheumatism of unu-ua! severity,
cured by "Johnson's Anodyne inimtnt." is noticed bv
one ol our exchange**. A ta ge bunch came out upoii
the breast oi the sufferer, and appeared like part of the
breast bone.
The sweetest words in our language is health. At the
first indication of disease, use wed-known and approved
reined o- for dv-peosiaor indigestion, use “Parson’s
Pu motive Pills For cou It-, cob's, sore or lame
stotnae.i, use “Johnson's Anodyne Liniment.
n*3 Ueop&wlw
Sweet Sixteen.—ls you wish to look young, as well
as beautiful, use Hagan’s Magnolia balm upon your
face, neck and hands, an Lyon’s C. lebrateJ Kathuiron
upon your hair. The balm makes your complexion
natural, transparent and lively'. It removes Freckles,
Pimples, Moth-patches. <fcc., and instead ot a red rustle
face, you have the marble purity of a city hello. It gives
to middle age the bloom of youth. Add to this a luxuri
ant head of liair, produced by Ljmn’s Katlialron, and a
lady has done her happiest thing In the way of adorn
ment. It is the best bresriug In the world, and prevents
the hair from failing ont and turning gray. Sold by all
Druggists. dcupJtwlin 020
spinal Jjotues.
Setter and Cheaper
THAN ANY OTHER BOOTS OR SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCR E H* IU IRE.
BETTER—Kecaag? they are more Pliable, more Com
fortable, are Water-pi oot, uml are wart anted nut to Hiii
or (tape.
CHEAPER—'because, white their first cost is not in
excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade, their
Durability is far g.eater, they orcMjrvo their Shape much
better, and the metallic Listening insures a more Equal
Wear.
Equally aDplicable to light and heavy work
The immense cemand having called’ forth imitations,
consumers should be sure that cvcrv bout or shoe bear
the I'at-nt Stamp.
B3T* Sold lo* Dealers everywhere. dcop7w n!3
The Hainan Body, it* Waste and Repair.
The body is undergoing continual waste, both In the
voluntary processes of labor and act.on generally (mental
as well as physical,) and also in the involuntary pro
cesses, (respiration, for example.) This waste must he
rep tired by the blood, as It continually circulates and
comes into contact with the various portions of tlie sys
tem and the losses of the blood must lie supplied fro»r
food. As the material of the body is derived lrom the
substance of the lood. so all vital power is derived from
force stored up in the food. Food is organic matter in a
state of molecular tension; and when, in digestion, it
becomes decomposed, tins tension is given out in tlie
form of physical forces, such as muscular power, animal
heat and the like. Every thought that we think, every
hu-ath that we draw, every slightest motion or gesture
that wc make, wears away the organized tissues to some
extent. In a healthy condition this waste produces a
proportionate degree ofappeti c an I of digestive vigor.
But In imperfect health it is not so. Either the appetite
is deficient, or the forces of the digestive organs are not
adequate to convert into nutritious blood that amount of
food which the appetite craves. Now Dr. Fiseh’s Bitters
is a tonic and stimulant adapted by Us ingredients to
create an agreeable appetite, and also iu like degree to
stimulate the digestive powers. When this much is ac
cotr.pli-hcd, and the system once put in the way of ap
propriatine nourishment for itself, we may look upon the
cure as already effected. Time and careful living will do
the rest. dcop&wlw nI3
I*atcnt» Secured.
Re-lssuc*. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
interferences conducted; all kinds of business with ilic
PATENT OFFICE.
Transfers of Rights, and Patent Cases attended to, by
JAMES (i. ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass.
Office No. 303 Main St.
al‘2 dtf
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient, nutrition and assimilation, By assimilation I mean
tnat process by which tlie nutriment of the food is con
veried into blood, and thence into the solids ol the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the slight
est uredisposit ton to pulmonary disease, or ii they pike
cold, will he very liable to have Consumption* of the
Lungs in some of its forms ami I hold that it will be
impossible *o cute any ease of Consumption without
first restoring good dige tion and healthy assimilation.
The very llr-t tiling to i.e done is to cleanse the stomach
and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform theii
functions, an then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action For this purpose, the surest and best,
remedy is '■schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These I* ills cleanse
the stomach and bowels of a'l the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out. the liver of all diseased
Idle that has accumulated there, and arouse it up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck’s Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
the stomach an excess of nci-:. the organ is torpid, and
tie appetite «s poor. In the bowels, the lacteal* are
weak, and requiring strength and support. It Is in a
condition like this I hat Schen-k’s Seaweed Tome proves
to lie the must valuable reme :v ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize ail excess of acid,
making the stomach sweet and fresh; it will give perma
nent tom* to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, an prepare the system for the first
process of a good iigestion, and ultimately make good,
ln- iltlily. living blood. Att< r this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most cis s of Consumption Is the
tree and persevering use of Schenck's Pulmonic Sprup.
flic Pulmonic Syrup no- rislies lie svstem. purifies the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed lo the diseased lungs. There it ripens
all morbid matters, wlu-tJier in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to expel all the diseased
matter In the form of free expectoration, when once
it rip ns. It la then, by tlie great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck’s Pulmonic \>rup. that all ulcer*
aud cavities arc healed np sound, and my patient is
cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing consumption
Is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion, so that
the body will grow in fie>h and get strong. If a person
has diseased lungs, a cavity or a usees* there, the cavity
cannot heal, the m iller cannot ripen, so tongas the sys
tem is below par. What is necessary to cure is a new
order ot things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
body to grow in flesh and get. fat; then nature is helped
the cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, and the person regain
health and strength. This is the true aud only plan to
cure Consumption, and if a person Is verv I tad. if the
lungs-are not entirely destroyed, or even if*one lung is
entirely gone, if timer is enough vitality left in the other
to lieal up. there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one sound
lung, live and enjoy life to a good old age. This is what
NchcucK a medic! eswill do tocure Consumption. They
will clean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it,
get up a good digestion, and give nature tin; assistance
she needs to near the svstem of all the disease that is in
the lungs, whatever the form may be.
It is important that, while u-ing Nob nick’s medicines,
arc should be exeicised not to lake cold; keep iu doors
In cool and damp weather; avoid nigut air and take out
door exercise only In genial and warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when 1 recommend
a patient io lie careful in rcgaid to taking cold while
using my medicines, I .lo so for a special reason. A man
wlio has hut partially recovered from the effects of a had
cold is far more liable to a relapse t han one who has been
entirety cured, an lit Is precisely the same in regard to
Consumption, so long as the lungs are not per«ectlv
healed. Just so long is there imminent danger of a full
return ot the disease Hence it is Hint Lso strenuously
caution pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Con
firmed consumptives’ lungs are a muss of sores, which
the least change of atmosphere will intiumc. The grand
secret ot my success with my medicines consists in my
ability to subdue inflammat ion instca i of provoking it
as many of the (acuity do. An inflamed lung cannot
with safety to the patient be exposed to Hie biting blasts
ot winter or the chilling w inds o» spring or autumn. It
Simula be carefully shielded from all inhaling influences
The ut most caution should be observed in I liis particular
as without it.a cure under almost any circumstances Is aii
inipoisibllity.
The person slmuldhe kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious di.-t, and all the medicines continued until the body
has restored to it the natural quantity of flesh and
strength
1 was myseK cured by this treatment of the worst kind
ol Consumption, and have lived to get flit and hearty
these many years, with one lung mostly gone, l have
cured, thousands since, anu very many have been cured
by this treatment whom I have never seen.
About tne first of October I expect to take possesion
otniy new bull, hi* at the northeast corner of .Sixth and
Arcli streets, where 1 shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies, so that a
WgM iu any part ol i he world can be readily cured by a
strict observance of tl.c inic. J
K M. I>.. l'hlMclplila.
GEORGE c. GOODWIN «fc CO., Agents, Huston.
s deoptf
I- H- lliiinnimul, 51. I),,
HAS REMOVED TO NO. 1 MADISON ST.
trfr* Office, as heretofore. No. 10 (new number) Myrtle
street. nit ii io
Dir* PorkhM removed to City Hospital, corner ot
F ront and Church street*. nldlm*
I*. <’r itch croon lit* returned from Europe,
and may be found at hi* Gallery, lt>4 Main st.. from A.
N. till r. M, (hit no
Worcester County Institution fUr savings
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1828.
Deposits put on Interest on the first dsy of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 DO.
Hon. ALEXANDER 11. BULLOCK, President,
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer
ThO Worcester Meehunlrs Matings Bans
IN CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon Interest on the Fifteenth day of
esc 11 month.
Houii annual Dividends In January and July.
11 AHKiSON BI.IHH President.
D. Woodward. Treas’r.
decl dawtf
Worrostrr Die Outs Matings Hunk..
OrriCE, NO. »8 MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business day,from nine o’clock
In the morning to five o’clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
laus received, and put upon interest on the first of every
month.
Dividends ok Intermit are made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest .-urn entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
lare. CLARENDON HARRIS.
Jv9 dtf Treasurer.
People’i SuvlngM bank,
452 MAIN ST.
Deposits Nov. I,’TI MM.
Deposits are put on iuterest on the first day of every
month.
Tin* net profits are dit ided semi-annually, in February
and August.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank Is open
lrom 6 to 8 o’clock Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Treas.
Worcester. Nov. 2.1871. d.twtf n 2
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AMD
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS HANK EUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M .TicE, Preßldent.
Receives Honey on Deposit subject to Check at Siyht
AMD ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE KATE OP
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Safes, encloseo In Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
tae Renter alone has access, are offered to the public for
r.Mit, at priceß varying from sls to $7.3 each per annum.
ft is a place of Security to/a in St Fire or HurjUirt for
depositing Valuab.es of all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages. Wills, Deeds, Jewe'ry. Silver Plate,
Ac., received at very low rates, so which receipts are
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 a.m.,
*nd a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
ty!4 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW.Bec’y
The Martyr of .\egleet.
II is not too much to say that tens of thousands are
now suffering from biliousness, indigestion, constipation,
periodical l'ev» rs, general debility, and nervous affect ions*
who might be restored io perfect healtli within a month
or less by the use of llostetter’s Stomach Bitters. The
multitudes who have been cured of these ami other ail
ments by the use of this well known specific are always
ready to testify to its virtue as a preventive and a reme
dy. They are spread over the. whole country; they are
eager to praise and recommend it; and yet. notwith
standing its vast popularity, there are many invalids,
and many who are continually exposed to (be epidemi
cal diseases, against which it is a.sure protection, who,
either through indifference or incredulity, neglect to
seize the opportunity to cure and means of prevention,
which they have only to reach out their hands to obtain.
This is strange; it is one of* be anomalies of human
nature which it is impossible to account for or explain.
It I*, however, quite certain (hat every day tlie number
of these Marlyrs of Neglect is diminishing. This is
proved by the statistics of the sales ot the great remedy.
During the present fall the demand for it lias increased
beyond all precedent, audit seems as if In the end the
entire community would realize the important fact, that
when all other medicines prescribed for t lie aliove com
plaints fall, It can and does effect a cure. As a protec
tion against the diseases most common at this season,
there is nothing comparable with it. d&wlw h 9
J iikl ii»tr4Mluc«*«l from Hiicoim* -The new style
of picture, called the 'amko Vignette,” can be had
onlv at UKITUHKRSUN’S,
n 9 d6t 164 Main street.
Hatekelor’s Bair .Dye.—This superb Hair Dye
is tlie best in the world— perfectly harmless, reiiable and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor’s
Hair Dye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural brown leaves the hair clean, soft, beautiful;
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious coin
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory, 16 bond st.. N.
Y. dl.vr ly 10
l.«*:i A l*ei*rin*’ Sauce,
pronounced by connoisseurs “THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unrivaled
for its flavor. We a.e directed by Messrs. Lea «V I’EH
rins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
terleits. JOHN DUNCAN’S SDNS. Agents.
aul*2 deoptim New York.
Uathewi A Cbamberlain,
FLUMBEKH.
Uornor Waldo and Exchange Hit., Worcester. Nut.
Bath Tuba and Boilers, Water Closets, Waßb Bowls
•Yasb Trays, ginks &c Ac.,fitted up at Bhortnotice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf Jyß
II r y O«o d IS i 1 1 a
MUST BE PAID!
Our customers who have Quarterly Bills due Oct. Ist.
are requested to
I*»y at our Desk,
without further notice.
028 d>w BARNARD, SI’MNEH CO.
Worcester Ua« Light Company.
C,(tKE.
This Cheap ani> most Dksikabi.k Fuel for Manufac
turing purposes aud Family use, is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices;
One ChaiJronof 36 bushels $5.00
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than hall Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may he made, and orders foritsdcllvery will
be issued only at the Office ol the Company, No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up stairs.
REPAIRS* «f -c.
Irregularities or failure of supply o' gas should be report
ed, and applications for service uipes and meters may be
made at t lie Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton’s Block. Me
chunic street up stairs. dtf i»4
Awful Defeat!
The rout is complete! The last, hope of the parties
who have been getting up scalp Poisons to compete
with
C’riMtadoi-o’M Excelsior llye
is lost, lost, lost! Still, it towers over all rivals, new and
old. Still, it remains the standard Hair Dye of the
Country. Still, tens of thousands of heads that once
showed the white flag,
CARRY CRISTA 1 IOUO’S COLORS,
and the course of the dye of dyes is ever upward and on
ward. So much for excellence, wholesomeness, and a
true reproduction of Nature's tints. As a dressing after
dyeing, use
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
n§ deop&woowlm
ItrasM AnilireiiK Wauled.
Parlies having old fashion Brass Andirons or Fire
Dogs in dispose of, can hear of a purchaser by addressing
K. DRAPER,
"7 dlw* Providence. It. I.
1 ndexicnl Silver No:t|»*
Marion Harland, in "Common Sense in the House
hold.” page 529, says: “For cleaning silver, I have lor
years used the INDKXICAL SILVER SOAP. Besides
being clean and easy of application, il will not wear
away I lie metal, as will whiting or chalk or plate pow
der.” Sold everywhere. d3m auls
On Marriage.-ilappv Relief lor Young Men from
till- efled* of Errors and Abuses In early life. Manhood
restored. Seminal emissions cured. Impediments to
Marriage removed. New method of treatment. New
amt remarkable remedies. Books and Circular* sent
tree, in .sealed envelope*. Address HOWARD ASSO
CIATION, No. 2South Ninth street, Philadelphia, fa.
'•I dTu&TbSm
•Johu ft. Clark A Hon, Commiason Merchants
and dealer* tn Flour and drain, Land Plaster, Lime, cal
cmed Plasler, Or. Bone, Content. Salt, onano. Super
ohosohate of Lime, and Western Produce, Nos. '-'37 and
239 Front at., Worcester. Mass.
JOHN R. CLARK A HON
ii. F. Harwood,
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
n 2 dim
Dr O. 11. Hskeri
DENTIST,;
22 Pearl st opposite Hie Post Office.
dim
Hr. Henry F. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and Snulhbridge at*.
oIS dtf
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for on Call. F A. OOODNOW,
ans dtf First National Rank.
The ouly place iu Worcester where tl».y
make the new picture—the "Cameo V'onette.’ is at
CBITCHERSON’S GALLERY.
n 9 dßt 164 Main street.
Ur. F. Morrill, No. 3 Bulflnch st., Boston, Mas*
Consult him In all eases; he Is the oldest and most eft*
pcricnced specialist In Boston—thirty-three vears’ nriL
lice. Sec hi* Pocket Medical Adviser. Price 25 cWu
Semi for it. deop&wtf oa
L. Hi err ill** id, timer ol the Plano Porta Orders i
are received at WM. Mkcornev’s, P. o. Block.
jyl» dKAWIf
tritf'-.r*"” tnakliiK n new »tjl« or 1-lotlire
(■Biipd Hie ah bo Viokkttp. Cull »ml see tlmu,
w aflt 1
Hoppln Ac Co., Commtrfon Merchants
and Dealers tn Flour. Corn. Rye, Oats, w«i et a
Kinds, FtnsAO'' Coarse Linseed OH Meal. Ve
e*»snl.' ntrest. Worcester. Mtu dtf
MAKKIF.iI
In till* city, Novß. l»y Rev WF Mallalleu, Edwin A
Kelley to Carrie A Noyes.
mgmm
HIED
In thiscltv, Nov 11, Mary Trowbridge, widow of tlic
late Dea Alpheti* Morn field, aged 88 vrs 5 mos 'I avs.
Funeral from her late resilience, Tuesdav, at *2’i* M.
Relatives and friends are Invited to attend without fur
ther notice.
In th*s city, Nov 11. Rufus W, son of Alba and Naomi
W Houghton, aged 4 yrs 11 mos
Funeral services rids (Mon'av) afternoon, at. 24
o’c'oek, at No 81 Summer st. Relatives -and friends are
invited to attend.
In this city, Nov 11, John D, son of John and Man
Osborn, aged 18yrs il mos 11 nays. [Nova Scotia, papers
please copy.]
Funeral services at his fither’s residence, on Clifton
st. this (Monday) a ternoon, at 2 o’clock. Relatives and
friends are invited to attend.
In thin city. Nov 11, Mrs Eunice Curtis, aged 65 yrs 8
mos 21 days'
in this city, Nov 12, Mary, wife of Richard butler,
aged 4i yrs.
|Lto
XJK. BEECHER
TO-NIGHT t
_Scc Advertisement in another column. tilt nl3
rjIHAT (iOOl) TIMES’S COMING
THE UNI VE RS A LIST
FESTIVAL
WILL BF. HELD
On Friday Evening, \ov. 17, l.s7t,
lAT MECHANICS HALL.
Supper from 6 to 10 o’clock. Dancing from 9 to 1
Admission 25 cents. Doors open*at 6r. m.
ii 13 dAI,W,Th«fcF
jyj[ U 8 I O HA L m
Managers BIDWELL A WILKINSON.
FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY!
Thursday Evening:, November 1(>,
by special request of many citizens, the management
announce the Giand Artiste,
DOL UK RimVELL,
in her grand characlerizl ion of Lady Isabel and Map
{.m Vine, in the grand play of
EAST LYNNE!
as played by her over 500 nights with grand success, in
all the principal eastern cities. To conclude with Wil
kinson's specialty, the
JOLLY COBBLES!
Prices as usual. d4t nI3
CROCKERY
lie have now in Stock and to arrive, Full
Linen of the Latest and Mont Approved Styles of
the leading English Earthen Ware Manufac
turers, suitable for the wants of the Wholesale
and Retail Trade.
GOODS BY THE PACK ICE
KNOWLTON BROS.,
Importers Wholesale and Retail Dealers in
China, American and European Glass Ware,
Lamp Goods Gas Fixtures, Ac., Mechanic st.,
near Main, Worcester.
nl3 dtf
J)0 NOT FORGET THE
AUCTION SALE
OF
FURNITURE!
I.V LINCOLN HOUSE BLOCK,
THIS AFTERNOON. AT 2 O’CLOCK.
Entrance first, door from Main, on Maple st.
Catalogues at sale.
nl3 dlt B. W. ABBOTT. Auct’r.
REAL EST ATE.
gouldTng
HAWKINS,
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE AGENTS,
Room 4, Flagg’s Block,
OPPOSITE BAY STATE HOUSE.
Parties contemplating the sale or purchase of Real
Estate, Business Chances, Ac., are invited to given* a
a call, as we have constantly on hand and are continually
receiving, a large list of property not advertised.
KARE CHANCE FOR BUSINESS!-
One of the oldest Fancy Hoods Stores for sale, in
Worcester, doing a good business. Satisfactory reason
lor selling. GOULDIKG *L HAWKINS.
No. 4 Flagg’s ISlock.
MFOR SALE—In Gouldingville, on
Cambridge st. another of those Co'tuge H- u-es
of 7 rooms, for thirteen hundred dollars; one hun
dred down; then tot ms as easy a* rent can tie paid.
MOULDING A HAWKIN'*.
No. 4 Flagg's Block.
M FOR SALE—On Norfolk st., 8-tene
ment House, a short, distance from Washing*on
Square; rents lor §550 per year. Price s*ooo.
Terms easy. GOUI.DING A HAWKINS,
nl3 dtf No. 4 Flagg Block.
1 N <M> A L K
NURSERIES.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
My City Salesroom on Pearl st., will lie closed for this
season, on Wednesday Evening next, Nov. 15th. After
that time, I will attend to ail order* at the Grounds, cor.
of Bloomingdale Road and Plantation st., as late os the
season will admit.
Parties depending upon me to furnish and plant Trees,
Vines. Shruo*. Ac for them this fall, will please favor
me witli their orders immediately.
nil d2t JAMBS DRAPER.
PACIFIC MAIL S. CO.’S through line
to California and China. Fares greath reduce l.
Steamers leave Pier No. 42 North River, loot ot Canal
street, at 12 o’clock, noon, on the
15111 AND 30I’M,
except when these days fall on Sunday—then the dav
previous.
N«.v. 15. Steamer HENRY CHAl T NC* Y. rapt. A.
G. Grav, connecting witli steamer CONSTITUTION,
Capt. C'averly.
All departures connect at Panama with steamers for
Central American unit .-outh Pacific ports. Ikparuue
of 15th touches at Kingston, Jamaica.
For Japan and China, steamer JAPAN, leaving San
Francisco December 1,1871
One hundred pound* baggage allowed each adult
An exoerlenced surgeon on board. Medicine and at
tendance free.
For Freight or Passage Ticket, or furl iter information,
apply at the company’s ticket, office, on the Wharf, to F.
It. BABY, Agent; lo SUTTON A WHEELER,2LincoIn
Block, Worcester; or to agent* mr New Finland
C. L. BARI LETT At CO.,
nl> dtf 16 Broad street. Bo* cn.
jjl ORH 1 G H sOH6 OL 8
THE HOUR OF SINGING
A want long felt will now be supplied. The H"UR ok
Sikginu, compiled by the distinguished composer, L. O.
EMERSON, and by W. 8. TILDES, a faithful and suc
cessful Teacher of Music iu High Schools, Is tided with
good and appropriate music, which may he sung in one,
two or three parts, and a portion in four parts. There Is
also a Comprehensive Elementary Course, and a Collec
tion of '‘Hymns and Tunes" for opening and closing.
Price, $1 00. Sent, post-paid, on receipt of retail price.
n!3 dtf OLIVER DITSON A CO., Boston
BARRELS
WINTER AND FALL APPLES!
FOB SALE BT
.MIHX 9. BALLARD A CO
nl3 dial w Chapin Block. Pearl *t.
STRAYED From my burn on
Plantation st., Nov. 12th, A DURHAM
KIFKIt, 7 months old. When last seeu. "as
«9SSSS3in the woods between Ora ton si. and llur
riiuton Court. Whoever will caplute and return Iter, or
give information where she canoe had. will 1> suitably
rewarded. GEO. SESSIONS.
Jil3 (131
An experienced sale* lady
WANTED—At A- GROBH.
nia Utf 338 MHln at.
Jlcto gibbertisements.
THE HEX”* REGULAR MEETING of
J. tin* Young .Men’s Rhetorical <ociei v will be held at
Ne. 6 Mechanics Hail, TUESDAY EVENING, Nov. 14,
at 74 o’clock. 8. W. NELSON. Clerk,
nl3 dit
MRBTmktc3alk s
I’UIVATE MCHOOI..
Directors* Room.'” Chapin Block, Pearl ft.
Winter Term commences Nov. 20. dtt n!3
3 >111,1)ING AN I) WATER POWKKTO
RENT.—4Ih.UI eighty-two hundred squ re Icet of
Flooring tii a wooden building, with Water Power to tho
extent of I’ulr'y Horse Power. Tills property is located
m a thriving manufacturing town of Uily-five hundred
inhabitants, an is withm a short distance f the South
•’l ingo brunch of the Boston. Hartford Erie It. It. For
terms, Ac., apply io or address
CENTRAL MILLS CO..
nW di.-2tuw4w Kouthbridge, Mow.
r |'o RENT Lower Tenement of ten rooms,
double parlors; ci an<‘ w II water. Rent reasona•
lib'. Possosston given linmedia ely. App'y at No '2O
v boll st F. C. 11 \RDY.
n»3 d2w*
flv FOR B\L -(Tne G(m)D BUSI
vfIHEI NKS H M{S hay color; will weigh IKK)
lbs.; sound amt kind six ,v< ars old, and sold
vwfi'r rhtjil'T of 'if“- J. A. PRINCE,
w ilw* 12 Charlton st.
WANTED \n EXPERIENCED COOK, Who
is also a good washer and Ironer Atqi yto
MU'*. ME SI \(JKI{,
113 di-tt No, in best nut st.
VVANTED —A situation as houae-ketper,
For particulii's iuq ire at 87 Portland st,, between
the hours of IU *nd 2 a. m. and 5 ana 7 i*. m
n 3 dtf
SITUATION WANTED-By an English^
man, as coachman or garden f: married, one
child; wit a first-c a-s laundress. Good reference.
Country preferred. Call, or address 120 Salem st., a ur
c ester. dlw* nl3
13 OY WANTED—In our store, to learn the
Ckockkuy Ware busin<».
KNOW LION brothers,
n!3 d3t Aiccanicst.
A MONTH expenses id—
•lP* v Male or Female Agents—llorso and outfit
•nr isheil. ael* our Universal Cement, Combination
I uneel. Button Hole Cutter, and other aitides. Clrcu
•nrs free Address NOVELTY CO..
n!8 dßm Saco, Me.
I A DIES in want of good reliable servants,
A-J will please call at Front Street Kxchaiue, Room No.
MIS.B f. SWEENEY.
*»18 d:ti
A LL
AMERICAN SKWIXG MACHINES
ar tully warranted. They are Simple and Durable; a
child can operate them. Fine Stitching done to order.
3“4 Mam St., Worcester.
n|lil> d“VH I. ST<iCKWELL.
fits iri.
FACTORY AND WATER POWER
s 'LK OR 'ld RENT —Said Factory is well
furnished with 2 sets ot machinery, in gooi running
order, sot *lic manufacture o' Woolen Vain. It lias also
a steam power, with scouring and coloring vats for the
business.
Other Information may lie ob: anted by letter or in pjr»
eon, of M. M. Si OR" i-.
nil dlw A Wit 411 Main st., Woive-ter, Mas-.
HOUSE TO RENT Nn. 3 BeUevueßt„
7 rooms. Inquire at No. 5. of
ml dtf L B. CHAM RERUN.
rfo LET On Valley st.., front of the
Oread, wo lower teneineats of five rooms each; set.
bowl and bath room. Rents2s9 L. N. GATES,
"d dlw* 800 Main st.
TV) LET—The Houseoh the corner of Main
9 and May Ms., formerly occupied bv O. 4. Smith;
’>Uo, privilege lor horses in barn if desired. Inquire of
tl F. B. KNOWLES,
dtf 2 Allen Court.
rro LET-A Tenement of 5 or(» rooms, at
a No. 74 Harrison st. Inquire at No. 13 Waver y st.
nil dlw*
fBV) RENT—With board it* wanted, within
five mimics’ walk of City Hall, a pteasair front
parlor, to a gentleman and wife; also, two good chain
tiers for single gcntlemin. Inquire at No. *26llernion
-t., left hand hell. d«t nil
TO LET—A large Front Room, well lighted,
wi ll small room adjoining, situated within three
minutes walk of Fosters!. Depot and Post Office, suita
ble lor a physician or lawyer. Rent reasonable. Ad
dress .I W., Spy Office. d3t* ulO
T'V« PI.KASAXT TENEMENTS"T(»
RENT-293 Front st. Inquire at WEATHERBEE’rf
Drug store dtf n 8
OFFICE r i'<) RENT—That recently occu
pied by Dr. Hunt, 266 Main st. Inquire of
_jw dtt wm DICKINSON.
I'ENEM ENT of .*1 rooms to rent to man and
wife only. Inquire at Store 15* Pleasant st
»3 dt£ R. A. MILLER ife CO.
TO RENT—To a man and wife, a tet enient
P of 5 rooms, at No. 98 Chatham st Also, a pleasant
furnished lodging room. E W. CARTER.
dtf
LET—-A Tenement of 7 rooms, No. 3
X- Providences!.; city water. Inquire of
W. F. POND.
No. 11 Providence st., between 6 and 7 r. M.
ni dtf
r ro LET —To an American family, a lower
tenement of 5 rooms. Apply on the promises. No. 7
Harrison st. WM. WILCOX,
nl dtf
T>OOMS TO RENT—
Also, STORAGE.
02 dtf 17. M. STOI KWELL.
KENT—Suits of Rooms, or Single
Rooms tor offices. Also, Desk Rooms, and rooms
uitalde for lodging
nK !tf GOODNOW A TAYLOX
RENT—To a small family, one Uiqier
8 fenem- nt.of 5 rooms, corner of Harrison am b ake
s’s. Apply on premises, orof JA-*. -ELANEFY, office
No. 6 Worcest< r Bank Block, Foster t. dtf o(i
TO LET—One tenement of seven rooms.
Apply at No. *.'6 West st. dtf o 4
TO LET—A desirable lower tenement, west
of Main st., four minutes* walk from "nechanics
Hath cleveli rooms. Rent $425. Address “E.,“ spy
Office dtf nl
f |R> LET—A very desirable Tenement of
six rooms, ariou one floor, at N<*. 1 Madison st. near
Main. Bent $360. FR NKLIN WHIPPLE.
028 d W A s 11
TO LET Nice tenements at Nos. I 1-2 and
M 3 llstv.s si. Apptv to M rs. E. WARN ER, 1 4 I>;i
visst. dtf anil
CLASS TENEMENT, with mod
ern iiiipruvements, to rent, at 8 Loudon st.
026 dtf JOSEPH A. HOWLAND.
RENT—One Store in new brick block
8 corner oi Washington and Belknap sts. nquirc at
42 <»ratmc si., from to 2 o’clock, or at 513 Main t
•■2« dtf THO**. MONAHAN.
LET—Two Tenements on Wilmot st.
f Inquire of A DIN IHA Y ER, 398 Main st.
024 _ dtf
WO RENT—Suit of Front Rooms in 2d
story (loulding’s Granite Block, suitable tor Milli
nery or other bu iness purposes. Applv to
s'i dtf w. H. OOULDIKG.
WO LET—A newly finished Lower Tene
ment of «or 7 rooms, at No. 5 silver st. inquire at
tlie house before 74 o’clock A m., or after 6 I* M
018 dtf N. M. BARNES.
T() LET —A large room. 2d floor, 582 Main
st. inquire of C. K. HUBBARD, No 1 Rogers’
block, Main st. dtf sl9
fl’O LET—Furnished lodging rooms, with
I board if dcsiml. Applv at No. 28 Bartlett place,
nl d‘2w*
f|R> LET A tenement of 3 or 4 rooms;
city water. Inquire at No. 13 Orchaid st.
030 .in
TiO RENT—Two nice lower tenements of 5
rooms each, with "by water and water ctos* ts and
oilier conveniences; also a tenement of seven rooms in
the French roof. Applv at No 49 Austin st.
030 dtf
f|‘() RENT—A good Lower Tenement of 7
room.-, on Benefit cjurt; rent $23 per month.
L. A. ELY CO.
TO RENT—On Woodland st., a first-class
1 Tenement; barn if desired.
021 dtf L. A. ELY A CO.
SAT. EOR TO LET—Tn the centre of
boylston, a store and I enement connected, of seven
rooms, good barn and one acre of land. For reference,
IHiI nll c of HORACE KENDALL, or JOHN ANDREWS,
near the premises. JOHN ANDREWS.
Boy Mon. )ct. 16.1871. dtf
TO i ET— In the Block corner of Mam and
B pleasant sts., on the third floor, a room 23x50.
Also, to let, in the New Block opposite the Common,
two rooms on Git* second floor, suitable for offices, one
25 x 30, and one it) x 25. R. C. TA V LOR.
03 dtt
OFFICE TO LEl’!—The room fotnnrly
occupied by John D (’hollar as ail office, in Lincoln
House Block. Tins room is up one flit lit of stall’s, front
ing on Main st., and is very p easant and de-irablc. For
terms, &e., app'y to J<HIN D. CHdIL VR,
No. 472 Ma n st.. Taylor’s Gtamte Building.
627 dtf
fl’O LET—Two Tenements on Providence
8 st.—one ot four rooms, one of three rooms, to Amer
ican families. Inquire between 6 and 7i\ m.
W. F. POND,
013 dtf 11 Providence st.
A FIRST-GLASS lowertenkmesT
T\ TO RENT, at No. 20 Crown st. Inq -ire on the
premises. dtf o 3
FIIO LET—2 rooms, suitable for a Dress
Maker, at 379 Main st over Taft, lbiss A Rice's
Dining Rooms. Inquire at Room No. 5, same entrance.
nt dtf
rpo LET A good lower tenement of seven
J rooms, with barn, on North Ashland st. Possession
given at once. ABBOTT A RICE,
i»7 dtf Boat Estate Brokers. Uentrai Exchange.
f|’() LET—A nice Garden Farm,with cot-
I tage House and outbuildings, within four mile* ot
this c*ty, an i six minute walk from De ot; about 9
acre- in land, with over 400 fruii trees. Possession given
at once None but Americans need apply. Inquire at
No. 9 Hermon street. dtf n6^
riio LET—One-half of Doable House No.
A 36 Boynton st., 14 rooms; ba 11-room, gas, water
closets, stable. Ac. For further information apply lo
A BHD T RICK,
nt; dtf l entral Kx<
DOOM AND POWER TO.RENT On
XL Main st. Apply to
ii. W. DENNY CO
116 d2w 555 Main s Sargent Square.
r|A() LET- A nice lower tenemental three
X rooms, very convenient; city water. Apply to
P. BOLAND,
n 4 dtf 103 Salem st.
Y FIN E L( )T <)F
Pianofortes sinri Organs
TO KENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
444 MAIN ST.
RICHARDS. METCALF CO.,
oK <ltr SPY It LOCK.
rpo LET—In Oro m])ton’s Block, Mechanic’
u *t., rooms or various sl.'cs on •-‘fond, third aim fouith
flours, uitable for offices, manufHcUuing purposes, and so
cict y rooms. This new and ctognnt block i-: centrally lo
cated within a few rods of Main si. and the (icpots ft is
In Ute mutinous centre of the city, ant' is flue up with all
v .emo ’eiu i proven*ert9, making :t one of the most
desirable locations ro. usiness In Worcester Ftn rina
•no 'urtker particulars, inquire ts
GEO. CROMPTON.
;p2v atf Crompton Loom Works, ttrecn M,