the sdvantages derivable from reoeives
alecntion 1s called to the claim dy Colemsa of
‘$0,000 for services as receiver in the Erie suit, a motion

cl


regard to which is set down for a hearing before
Judge Blatchford, in the United States District Court, on
Friday naxt.


Inasmuch as the'foregoing schedules, although mainly
based on actual facts as they exist of record, are neces
sarily, to some extent, estimated, it may seem to those
not conversant with the faots by actual contaet with
thew y he oourth, that the enormous Feturla of fees



wo in thind are exaggerated, avd further
proof is added. Below will be found additional tables,
which will corroborate the foregoing statements in that
regard, if they do not abapjutely demonstrate that the es
tiluates given are actually under rather than over the
tra smannta
The following are
Ny Last Days; for 8 following



pia RECENT TRANSACTIONS IN REAL ESTATE BY GRATZ NATHAN, REFERER OF MR. JUSTICE CARDOZO. Dat
Cou-  H
veysnoe. Names of Grantees. Names of Granlors. Location of Premises. Tota! amount of eonsideration Remarks. HY
1085_Dre. 3|Endors Nathan. wife of Grats Nathan, aod three others. Louis G. Hart. Pour equal undivided fifths of premises on 53st. Nominal considerati i 8.001 Le
Bahn 18 Teruo Parley. Grats Nathan and wife. (Undivided ball of 14 loth at &tb-ave. and 3506 8L ay Wamp Bowing... srw}, whale subject to for 919.400 5:
13 Budors Nathaa. wife of Grats Natheo. |George N. Williams and Nathaniel Williams and their wives. Madison ave. and 5tb-st. SDE 40,000, Subject to mortgage of $20, A
Total consideration on parchase and sale of real estate for apparent benefit of Grats Nathan 61000 Dec. TF, 1380. out iiiiiiiiiiiiuiianieaiotreseus seraressrrssts seessresss aesstoistorsisecsisssssesstsnssississions $83,000 1.
Deas ty TE ee ni etsssassssssstsessasessas hesetserseesseressenssnessesnessssssstessnsstnnesetieetetteeseststsieietieiioestoigiersressearttersateions 23.738 Fs
Belanee showing apparent et cash invested by Grats Nathan and wife in real cetate in New-York City alnoe Dec. T, 1863......ouoiuinuiiuimuritrnrs inns trs ssa sess Esher saan $56.27 ko
Date of RECENT TRANSACTIONS JN REAL ESTATE BY DANTEL P. INGRAHAM, jr. SOLE REFEREE OF MR. JUSTICE DANIEL P. INGRAHAM. Lhe
Converasce. Name of Grantes. Names of Grantors Location of Premiacs Total Amount of Consideration. Remarka, 138
p—— em ee on
1858—Kov. 3 Danial P. Ingranam, jr. i on ven York City. Water Grant, 126th and 128th
1068_Mch 27 Daniel P. Ingr.' am |r. Siazor. Sideruren_gnd Commanniey of Ken yi Fo ye Rte.. Aerlem River. 150 Mortgare, $1,100. ie
1863—Aug. 6 Daniel 5 Ingraham. [r. 1John Straiton aud wife. Second-ave. and 125th st. 315% Mortgage, €1,400 Hi
1006 Oicke 17 Daniel P. Ingraham, jr. ‘Mana 8. Kenvon First-ave. and 1251h-st 3,000 104
1368. 21 Dar‘) P. Ingraham, jr. I a Hares. HOvh dud Eix-ave  Boeeseens Civ 25.000 Morigage, 18,000. i
19@—April 33 Daniel P. Ingraberu. jr Dame) Ranford and wife. L3mh-ut, and Fiftb-are. y i 14,600 Mortgage, $6.00.
1869—Dec. 18 Daniel P. m jr. Annie 8. Harriott, wifs of Samuel J. Harrlott {Recond-ave. and 12th st. 14,000 Ia of $1%°% No part of 13
1870—Jane 10 Duatel ham, ir. {John C. Thompson. Columbia Leasa 34.000] sideration. ipa
|1871—Jone 7 Dasiel ham, ir Job 8. Pierce and wife. Pifth- ave. and 1 M4thet. 45,000: Mortgage, @12 00, o
1#71- Nov. 15 P. Ingratam ir. [Thomas H. Farrell. |Sixth-ave. and 104th-st 8.500 Mortgegs, €3,°00 1)
cams
Total consideration of rea) estate sraveyed ta DP Ingrada ber 30. 1°68 $154.14
y!
Balaace showing apparent net cash invested ip real estate by I P. Ingrebam, jr, since, November 3, IMA. Lv iver irrnumerrsrrsrrsssin rng TTRETTrppprppppprssppereeer TERT ITIL IIL LIL Ale 9113540 i
u



A MOTION FOR A STAY OF PROCEEDINGS.















DS





1










IE



1


i:

i

i
ii


$7



‘IP

vevance. Names of wranlees. Names of Grantors.
Gt ye 8 James H. Coleman and William Lalor.
‘GRVEEVE 'D S020aD SOLLFAL WK 40 SNTXLTU ‘NVRITOO H SHKYF 1&4 ‘ZLYLSR TVAX XI SNOLLOYSNYHL LNHOSYH
Grorwe Douglase. {4Mh st. and Sth-ave.
3 t 9James H. Coleman, Thomas. J. Creamer, and William La or. Jomatliaa Rigs TSth-st. and th-ave od Madison
Oct. 13tJames H. Coleman and Thomas J. Creamer. W flaw Lalor tindivided half of 3 Hat sah sduon are:
LS 17, James H. Coleman and Thomas J. Creainer. Wiliam Later half of 10 yoy ey ii
#8 —Oct. 30 Jawes H. Coleman and Thomas J. Creager. Willism Lalor. two-thirds of 1 Jot,
w8—=Dee. 26 James H. Coleman, Thainas J. Cromaer au aud Wiliam Lalor. Marie
369—=M'ch 3 James H. Colemay and Thomas J

RH M. Newcambe.
ic
ny
A. Weber aad busdand. j3d-ave and FRA-st.
869—April 30| James H. Coleman and Thomas J. Creeme:. i

it
wa Lalo: and wife. H
TUE HE 1 tr, Tren Duarte, nd Prac iain WES eres ara Sn
37 as. man m. Lalor, LA sacis ne: nm H
A A10—April 16 {James H. Coleman and Thomns J. Creawer, oni Wiliam Lal een. Jr Right and fatgress of Wm. Delo? la 3 lots, 43d and 44thsta. end Late. (A B. B.
oR Lk ey Hiaih Cassi. Egg rte RE
Th—Dec. es D.P. 3 H
0mboet a dua It. Coleman and Wom. Lalor. ay Seren, ir: Referce. Unrobiad ome-fourth of 19 lots, $048 4nd $9Wb-sie and lbeva.
#71 an alor
ooh 2 J H. Goleman cid NW act. Shr ud Storrs 4 lots, Detwean Tih end Miaves., sa SMM
1271—Mar 4 Jus. H. Coleman, Thos. J. Creamer, and Wm. Lalor. ‘Jobo C. Brown and wife. Lioh 10 TH Rain haat
J: 1Juse 330 Seman, 5C ror Wm. Later and wife. Tieden cre Smit S14 14 Madlaos-ave end Xan, _re
ne as. Thes reaAmer, 1 Kamael Lord wife. Woks, between 10500
IAT1—July 18 Jas. H. Coleman, eman, Waker Roche, and Wm, Lae iJa ro yd Block bed. 73d and Td-ots. 4 rat Wadisen-sven. ore ind Toes 20m a
jin. Plu B Colma: "Win. Lalor and wife. iCetiviied use Sirdar} ave and
1871 C J L35eh-at., Detwee
'Wii- Oct. 31iJas H. Colemsn sod Wm Lalor i Cadtviied owe. Saif of lots, Mh 8nd 63h ste, and tetera.
3 Ma pp 1este*s in Now Trrx Mtv in whisk James H Oalemys wad tufarosiedg sion Sug e Ta.. cesiremssieiiiiieacen sre enrages
A fueat i nterest 18. RH. Colemag therein. LL es
"ww

uct J H. Coleman's share of mortgeges subject to which premises were wavered,
i Net consideration apparently pal es above by J. H. Coleman.
Chri era pil 197
TILL EEE Sess turateanEny I Ll TTT rrr TR LL
EERE,
sesensse
MAL
I
f

hea
-_
Him Fe ils
hol
He HE
13 tairueas to these very substantial mon, whose sub.
#auce Bas hoon glesned {rom uncer the blinded oyes of
Fiery in: Slelds where wll but tho relations and bosew
wWude of certain Judgos aro gxctuded, (40 Tact way bo
stated 11 somes OF $20 BEEE A iAaration xiven Waa
Inst I I a portion of the Mnsidaration
in bonds secured b mort Spon the lauds bough
a few ipstanoes to Toe extent of 60 Jet Centum. but 4er’
erally to no greater extent Suan Pe oa It wonld ot
ong sums respoctively. At the same time it Fp
be amiss to remember hat bonds and stocks have K
heen a favorite invent of the Tumuiuny King C0)
aits possi 6 rea d
oy ro ntlemen oe represent bud portion of their
wealth. Betore closing it ul be Intereaiins to study
follo cOnveyanoe record
aid Bingen YE suiel P. Isgraham—Deed dated May 6,
1871, considers rT) subject to mortgage of $15,000; conveys
tbe Culumbia Oollege lease, shows fu Sch to have been purchased
by his son, June 10, 1670, fer 634.500,

Of course it is useless to speculate in regard to this
transaction; yet the Jue may be curious to Know ex
actly how much of at $35,000 was aotually Jad by
father to son; snd whether the latter ‘actually wade
$600 or lost $34,500.
THE ABUSES ESTABLISHED,
The charges made by THE TRIBUNE touching the
grave abuses now fully exhibited have not been di
rected at the Judges who are innocent of them, but only
at those who, by undue favoritism, are the authors of
the causes of complaint, and who persist in such wrong
doing. Not the system, but the abuses of the system,
have been attacked. The sentiment of the New-York
bar, 08 far as we have been able to elicit it, declares
these abuses to be substantially as follows:
1 Compsoty relerences Wherein Mo 000 ron $ied 100M
tt pis 10
Be Overruhug the pie wishes of the parties by refusing to refer
causes CY of their selection whea the persons selected are unob
tionable.
Joy “Referring causes to persons who are objectionable to the litigants
or their counsel.
Constantly referring causes in defiance of the wish (ex ressed or
otherwise) of the parties, to re'atives or friends, thus prostiting the
powers of the Uourt to the use and aggrandisement of particular indi
vi
i va causes which onght to be tried by jury for the purposes
meptio
6. Allowing exorbitant and illegal foes regardless of the demands of
Justice and the rights of the parties. And,
7. In all these respects so conducting themselves that in elovely gone
tested causes unipfiuential lawyers are forced to employ a “Grats” a8
counsel in their cases to save their client's interest; and ,ermittiog the
opiuton to prevail, with their knowledge, among the profession and the
public, that such means are necessary and effectual for the parpose—and
that without attempt at rebuke—to the shame, scandal and disgrace of
the Court.
In justice to some other judges, whose names have not
been mentioned inthe articles on the Judicial abuscs,
and who are doubtless surprised at their exemption from
general charges of which they know themselves to be
guilty, it is, perhaps, necessary to 8ay that THE TRIBUNE
18 oy ot done with the subject. The sorsepsion of the
Bench {as worked corruption of the Bar an of politic,
But for Barnard and Cardozo of the Supreme Court, Tweed
could never bave made himself absolute. This corruption
has extended not only throughout the Supreme but other
Courts, and has been displayed not only in the Referee
system, but in the matter of Reoeiverships. Receivers
have been a8 infamous as the Referees, and to their
transactions THE TRIBUNE will next devote itself. One
Judge of the Superior Cours sapesially, has won undying
infamy by his appointment of favorites as Receivers, an
sundry facts iu relation to his practices, as showing the
great corruption of the Reoeivership ays, are in prep
aration for early publication.
THE BAR ASSOCIATION TAKING STEPS FOR LEGAL
REFORM.
It was expected that at the meeting of the
Bar Association, on Tuesday night, reports of the J udi
clary Committee on the subject of the impeachment of
certain Judges, and of the Committee on Extortions of
certain officials would be presented. They were, how
ever, deferred till the next meoting. It is said that the
Judiciary Committee has already collected many facts
showing the corruption and malfeasance of some of the
Judges, and is diligently employed in the acounmulation
of further proofs. Tt is understood that the report of the
Committee on Extortions, after giving a schedule of the
fo@s of various officials as allowed by ,law, shows
the amounts fenorally demanded and obtained by them.
Partionlar attention is paid to the extortions of the
Sheriffs office. It is shown, for instance, that the Sherif]
is bound to allow, without charge, to every perso
arrested a reasonable opportunity to procure ball, af
any hour of the day or night, before being committed
pr son and that, in violation of the law, a fee Frnglut
rom $10 upward, is almost invariably exacted before
this privilege is accorded: and that amy person whe
refuses to accede to this illegal demand, is Semnariiy
imprisoned. Again, when the prisoner has obtained h
sureties, n fee of $10 and upward is also illegally de
manded for drawing and nckpowledging the bail pond
which the Sheriff requires to be done in his office
although under the law it may be drawn by the prisoner
or his counsel. The statutory fee on the execution of the
bond is 374 cents. This practice is sald to have beer
originated by Sueriff O'Brien, but it has been muob ou
larged uuder Sheriff Brennan's adininistration.
THE PUBLIC HEALTH.
Pw
TREATMENT O' CONTAGIOUS DISEASLI—IN(REASE
OF SMALL-POX.
The Board of Health received, yesterday, a
letter frown Messrs. Grinpell, Minturn Co., announcing
that they had written to thelr London agent to cause all
rags consigned to them tobe fumigated before being
shipped to this port, and asking whether if, after this
precaution had been taken and a clean bill of health ob
tained from the American Consul at the port from which
tha vessel sailed, the rags would be allowed to be landed
on their arrival here. An afiirmative reply was returned.
The City Sanitary Inspector offered a report on the treat
ment of eyDiagious diseases, which was roferred to the
Finauce Comuittes for Jrilioatien, it ob ie, in

phiet form, Fue Mpor gives a detailed account of
the ogergtiune tho Health Department, snd closes
with t ing statement concerning vaccination
It is the ausnhuews opinion and expression of the medical ofcers of
this Department that vaccination is not only a aah. but afin prevent.
ive of small-pox, when properly, carefully, and F\ iclously performed;
and, as a proof of its protective value, it may be stated thet among over
100,000 persous vaccinated by the Health Tospeetom of this Bureas dur
ing the past year, shete has nob yot been found one who bas contracted
small-pox. or its modified form. who had been suceoss holly vaccinated
revioas to becominy Infected. while pumbers have failen victims te this
ives who refused to allow the Juspeciors to vaecinate them at the time
of exposure. Very navy wach instances bare becn ekuoleiged to the
Inspectors at (be fime of thelr first visit to cases.
We are fnily coavinced that this gr sucoess
is due i» a large measure to the fact tb vaccine
vipus while in fresh and active condition only. has heen used. no crust
ar sesh has ever been used by us. Our practice bas been to use only sech
vires a8 bas been taken from a well selected healthy child, the afternoon
previous, rvjecting shat whieh bad becowe 72 hours old. A supply of
bovine viras, direct from the apiinal, was axed to a linitad extent Rering
ibe past Summer, which gave 20 better resalts than that from children’s
atma, and au its propagation was attended with mach dificully, and a
sufficient gupply could not be maintained for our ree demand, except at
a great egpense, it was abandoned, In the use of childhood lymph. with
the revults as proved dy our stusisties of successful vaceination and re
vuscination, certainly so medical man sbeuld cavii. The absolute pro.
tection afforded 30 iarge a number of persons of whom by far a larger
wajority had been exposer either direstly or indirectly to this fearfal
ous s, should go far to convinee the most skeptical of its Inesiimable
vilge, To the carelessness and uegleet of parents and physicians, snd
the opposition of the misinformed, aminformed, and iujudicions, may be
atbrituted in a large measure, the saccesd of an epidemic form of this
lostisowe divease.
The following comparative statement of contagious
diseases was submitted
J TR
Week ov Told Scarie Relaw Wesson Jie Small
d id t. Me fy v
iy iy as mel ly
Dec. 0....... 2 7 a 0 7 10
During the past weef these were Nplsot 477 deaths, being an ine
crease of 10 ever the previous week aud 52 less than for the carr
ing week of 1570.  Zyiuotio diseases occasioned 2 deaths constitutions
local. 1684 developmental, 27; and violeut causes, 22. The fatal
cavn ol aaa) pos Increased from 13 to 19, being their test weekly
sumher shuce the week ending July 15. There was ene rh by measles
the cmnie 20 ib the precediog week, The mortality of seariatina declined
from 1b 0 8, that or dipaticris sat tvep together from 27 to 15, that of
ihud daves Sum 40 6, £038 9 (79 fenae 199.142 3, 100 fiat Te
sd intermittaus, respectively, 310 3, There were i2 deaths by
whooping-ovsgh—an crease of two. One death was ascribed to yellow
fever, occurring at Hellevoe Hasphal, the victim being a sallor. Diarr
beal affections prodneed 15 dea he psme a8 In the preceding week
vo os ware due 10 pbthisis pulmonalis—an {nerease of 16; and U4 to
the SEAp/Tary compiaipin-ag iperesse of seven,
It appeass from the reperts of tha Police that 8 large nomber of streets
were got elamned during the week. The foreman ep many streets
upswept, but ellegen the frost interfered with the work. In the
opicion of the Commitios the weather has not as yet boen such as to ma.
tenally interfore with the most thorongh cieanlug of the streets. It fs
noticeuble that all streets cleaned by private contrset have Leeu kept in a
veary cleanly condition daring the week.
SMALL-POX IN BROOKLYN.
The Brooklyn Board of Health met at noon
yesterday for the purpose of devising means (o prevent
the spread of small-pox. Health Officer Cochrane said
that be had been compelled to cut down the force which
te Lad employed in vacuinating, and that small-pox had
inoreased alarmingly since. He auld that it was for the
Board to eay whether or not the force of vaceinators
should be increased for the purposs of preventing the
olsy from being overrun with smull-pox. He stated
that smull-pox prevailed all over the city, not a ward
being free from it. He believed that if the Water
Board would ald bim In keeping the streets
olean, vaccination would prevent the spread of
the disease. If the aothorities would give
him a larger foree than he now had, he proposed to fol-
low the ambulauce, and vaccinate the occupants of
every infected house. The poople did not object to be
ing vucoinated, and he had vaccinated over 5,000 persons
ina week. The cost was 6100 per month for each pore
Shea Suployed, Agaiuet $125 paid by the New-York Board
Health, "Ha five Pi iciane now eugaged, while
iid ib io Noss ary. 1 malady, he said, 1s wore
an las
wh orien oi tr, Aviermen Clancy und Metioutty,
Mayor Kelbflolsob. Was appointed Ww ovnfer wi
OPPOSITION TO THE INCOME TAX
Tha Anti:Income Tax Association of New
York, tn a Dgmeronsly-aigned petition nddressed to Con
gress, calle attention to the recorgmendation of the Pres
Jatt a Seiings ha Wpeal of thé ax en {noemes, and
the sdmingion in report of the of the Treas
ury that is is practicable to Siponss With» this tax.
The Qutifiouars une 100 Sepesl of tax, since the
sity for levylugit Dea, ut mention that while fe is
the Dog Swipe of sll te Ce eons of M4 inquisi
torial r, it yields bus U profit to the Uovern
ment, Becagse of the expense uf its collection, ne pe
titton declares thst hot onke i the i A an
stand grievous burden “Payers, buy,
whjus fs unsonstitutional. po








A OTEAMAHIT COMPANY SWINDLED
Ri
4horu Ohrman, a clerk recently smployed
by Henderson Brothers, agoute oI anchor Line of
stnamships, was beoughs before J Dowling at the
Tobe, youterliay, on 8 charge of Baving eollocted and
appropristed from time to time over $5,000. He fled iy
Chicago, hut wes arrested and brought back. He wpa
committed to swell a trial. The prisonor had chaege of
the bills of exchange sold i the Bompuiy to those who
widbed to rend money to relatives fu Great Britnin. In
very many cases he hive entered on tho woks sus euch
below tuoss pecetived Ly hia.
ror YORK DAILY TRIBUNE THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, ISL

ol uni
FOREIGN MAIL GLEANINGE
rn a———
THF. CONDEMNED COMMUNISTS.
ROSSEL'S LAST DAYS"—HE GIVES AN ACCOUNT
OF HIS INTERCOURSE WITH HIB PARENTS
WHILE IN PRISON.
The London Daily Telegraph publishes a
translation of part of a most intafesting rinascript
from the pon of Rossel, the Communist Who Was exe
cuted at the Camp of Batory, nest Paris, on the 29th ult,
The manuscript is in the form of 8 journal under the title,
axtracts from this document:
SATURDAY, Nov, 2, why Joly came to 806 mo
he knows nothing. hh knows that the Commission
broke up definitively last night, after having Jdjourncd
jtaelf to the 4th of December, and having decl on the
ten appeals which had been -sabmitted to it. I sawn
parents the day before yeaterday. My mother snd is
came in all haste $0 me Bat a rumor lid found
credit among tho members of the Comiinission to the
Effect that. shortly before Mareh 18, 1 had petitioned the
Minister of War for a step, which had been refused me.
1 immodiately wrote a letter, which I addressed to
my mother, sad in which 1 contimdicted this rumor
or calumny of the eleventh hour. Yesterday 1 saw
them again in the parlor, ~My mothor snd
aister had spent the eveniug of the day before in
waiting for the Jelgyera of he Oommen bs dome out,
d seen them pass Ww daring ape
a3d bad 4% did not look ifke peopls who have Jes
decreed somebody's death—they were walking with a
light step. They were probably bungry, snd fu a hurry
to get their dinner. No; they not look flerce. Very
late in the evening an English journalist had seut them
word tbat all was going on Wf and that he eould not
leave Versailles without lett them know it. My
father had gone immediately to tell M. Pasa, I
have come to tell you, in order that fou may have
a good night's rest.” To-day, when they eamo into
the parlor, my sister's features wero all distorted, and
she had been Sryme tears. ‘‘She has got a bad cold,
said my mother to me. My mother was vary pale—uite
yale. Little Sarah bad kept her vail over her eyes, and
Ped to look calm, From {ime to time there waa a con
traction in a corner of her lips, but she was uot cry
ing. Father stood behind thew, ua usual; his coun
tenance is firm, but I love him too well not to feel
juwardly he suffers all the more, and TY bitterly
repent having caused auch deep’ and bitter
grief to my beloved father, 1 cavnot bear that
my parents should be made tosuffer, So farss Lam A Je
sonally concerned, I am thick-skinned, and am so little
preoccupied with this SontmiehCy of {lpending death
that I ask myself at timee whether it is mot on diseased
{nsensibility on my part. But what I cannot understand
is that, by delaying to take a decision and dissimulating
that decikion when taken, they should prolong the agony
of my parents, who have not committed any other crime
than that of bringing me into the world and leaching me
to love my Sowites, Something has been pLldedi hoy
are silent; the decison must be fatal. Such 13 oon
clusion at which my parents have arrived.
“D> not eXasheIdie the Commission 0f Pardons!”
That saying he  BAThe hy l be The Sighs of
my parents brokg wy hear esterday my mother was
telling me of he Res the had taken the day before
when suddenly she exclaimed, ‘I caunot fo on! Ifor
got! Bee, I am out of my mind.” My sister, who was
more composed, took up the narrative, to which I did
not listen. 1 saw them and heard them—that
was all. I cared little for the rest. To-day, it
fs my mother who is calm, and my sister who
is beside herself, We were better laat night. M. Passa
had comforted nA. But have sonfidenee’s ni] me
mother, I have confidence they will not do ai ng
to you.” Father talks of other things—of Fort al, Mar
guerite, of the last drawing I have made, of tbe ono I
am going to make, My mother made me promise her
two of them, and T am just finishing the second for her
this evening, happy to be able to do Sometbing tor her.
The little one is not orylng, but ber hoart is
full. “And yon too,” say to her “youn, too
they are Frio ho 1" Then she bursts into tears and
sohs—her courage is at an end. My poor little foaoniie
my poor little friend they are rending her little heart.
But the wound will heal up. my loving little puss. I awn
well aware that nobody will take the place of your old
brogher; but there is still enough room left in Jou heart
for new friendships. Only take good care of the others
‘hey have such an old habit of loving me that I fear for
them when they will no longer have me to devote them
selves to.
The *yarioien {a a little cage of about gne métro in gur
face and three métres high, At the back there is a door,
on either side brick partitions: in front, breast high. 6
double grating made with wire trellis, the meshes of which
are two centimetres lalge. Opporite this cage is another
box slignuy deeper, which opena also at breast hight, but
without a grating, on the intervening passage where the
warder 18 stationed. They are all four in this box when
we are in good humor we call it our Guignal (Punch sand
Judy), because the personages are there as closely packed
as on the scene where Punch’s front drama is Rex
formed. Only here the drama is of another kind. The
warder whose duty it #8 to esntrol our wards is not a
flerco man; he is geferally an old soldier who haa
terveq ci Crimp ot wi hod work, Wh op ahd he
corns bis n this w rk, en the regu
lation hnt-hodt ta ad for 2A the door behind my
parents: “Mensieurs, mosdames, it is time; then my als
ters hang on, each in their turn, to the firat grating, apvly
their faces to it, and send me a kiss, which I return on
the second grating; and tben each in her turn haa the
rght to go out Iast, in order to see me a little donger,
“good-by,” we say, “till the day after to-morrow.”
They cry only when They are ont of sight. To-day thelr
Jour dear faces were downomst and discouraged. “We
ve been leking patience so long,” sald my
mother to me, that our Joven of endurance are
exhausted.” she speaks but few words, and looks at
me with concentrated attention a8 if to e ve
my features on her themory. For one moment the
warder withdraws to let in other visitors. 8he hangs on
with her hands to the grating, and presses as close to it
as she can. ‘My son, wy good son funy darling !—1
love you; tuey will do not log to you!" hen the half
hour is elapsed 1 am allowed to embrace them at the
Reoord office—then only two at a time, in order that we
may be the more easily surveyed—and jtheir embraces
make them anxious. Polson might be handed to
me,
The Director of the prison is a faithful administrator.
So many pounds of Jive flesh have been intrusted to his
enre. He wust deliver up this live flesh either to the
hulks or to the executioner, or, when it so happens, to
freedom and I feel sure that the last is the moat to his
taste. To cominit suicide, to destroy ouesclf, would
be very wrong; he would be deprived of his position
and lose his career.” *“This,’” he says te me, you would
not do if you conld.” Ho confides to me his anxiety, be
tells ine how mueh confidence he hastin me, and yet be
takes precsutions, This evening 1 wa sewing on a button,
“the needle bends between my fingers; I look at it; itis
a brand-new needle, which they have putin the place
of the two old steel needles which I had; they have even
taken the trouble to thread it In the same way
that the others were threaded. I shall sce my ry
to-morrow. I have comforted your mother,’ says the
director to me; that poor lady asks me questions which
are very embarrassing. T kuow absolutely nothing, 1
“give you my word of honor. But I comforted her. ‘You
will kee your son to-morrow,’ I said to her. ‘To-morrow
$s Bunday, and no executions have ever taken place on
Sunday. They are never carried out on that day; the
law forbids it, so that you ean be easy about it.’” If
my mother 18 not comforted with that, she must indeed
be difficult to please,
M. Passa came to eee me after my parents. He brought
mea some chocolate. If I were to be shot to-morrow hey
would find my pookets full of Be gov 1 bad still a quantity
left before he came. He brought we better than that—
his good friendship and his kind heart. We really love one
another, we understand each other; it is a true blessing
that should have met him; Le has every
delieacy of gi My dinner is on the table;
he would not disturb me, but after one or two
mouthfuls the recollection of my dear parents and their
sadness choked me. I got up and began to ery. To die
Youx of u rapid death, of an honorable death—to leave
bebind a respeetod name and a courageous example—is
not a lot to be pitied. My death will be a hundred fines
more useful than my life has been—more useful’ than
would have been a Jong and anocessful career. I! bave
nothing to eomplain of. But why make my parents and
sisters suffer? It is so caay to kill a mau, and it is so
soon done! Why do yon hesitate to draw from the scal
bard the rusty sword of Jour Justice 1
Eleven o'clock at uiglt. L. NATHANIEL ROSELL.
_ FERRE'S LAST MOMENTS.
Paria (Dee 1) Correspondence of The London Standard,
Most of those who witnessed the {inal
soenes of the tragedy were much impressed by the ex
traordinary courage and self-possession displaynd by
Ferré, He told the priest who wished to pray with bim
I have no objection to walk with you as a friengd, but 1
Dive bei; Tostasialige all uy Ute, hak I Fiovieng tokil 80."
e chap aviog retired, Ferré sat down aI
the joliowing loiter Ly his Sletes J we
1 Dann sre: am to in a fow moments; m onghte
are for you. Try and get my body banded over to yoa, pin igh bave
it buried 00 that a few friends may socompany it to the grave. I die
faithful te the materialst opisions I bave ever entertaineds I pity you
all who are left behiod; my nig will very soon be ever, and it am
pot te be pitied. send you my last Line. Tn. Paks.
He then wrote as follows to the Minister of War:
o Mordiem le Bj Now Sut 1 ant dead there is no reson why you
sbould ccatinue
nv Sumeriintn us 14 Joep BY old father ou the pontoous, er detain ia’ geol
Moat ol those WHO witnessed Whe nal
soenes of the tragedy were much impressed by the ex
traordinary courage and self-possession displaynd by
Ferré, He told the priest who wished to pray with bim
I have no objection to walk with you as a friengd, but 1
huve been a materialist all my life, and I mean tokil 80.”
The chaplain having retired, Ferré sat down aidl wrote
the following lester to his sister:
My Danrine Biren: am to die in a fow momeots may Nat thoughts
are for you. Try and get my body banded over to you, fo you will bave
it buried oo that a few friends may socompany it to the grave. I die
faithful te the materialst apisions I bave ever entertained, I pity you
all who are left behiod; my pi Hey will very soon be ever. and am
pot te be pitied. I send you my last Lins. Tn. Pus
He then wrote as follows to the Minister of War:
Monsieur Je Ministre: Now that aar dead there is no reson why you
sbould continue to keep my old father ou the pontoons, or detain ia gaol
my brother, who Is lasane.
beg of you to restore them to my sister, who alone ean take care of
them. compliments, Ti Faxxw”
THE EXECUTION OF CREMIEUX.
(Jaston Cremieux, who was shot on Thurs
day, Nov. 30, at Myrseilles, wus a barrister, practicing in
that town. He wae of 3 Jewish fanily, married, with
two children. A fluent speaker, be “was a frequent
orator at political ¢lubs, aud be was also a contributor to
ultra-democratic papers. In Beptamber last, he was,
one of the leaders of the mob which took
fon of (he Hotel de Vile and proclaimed
fe Commune of Marseilles, bat that move
mont was suppressed, sud he wis condemned by eonrt
martial to four months’ imprisorgsent. Soen after, fresh
disorders occurred. and he regained hig liberty, of which
bo availed hmeslf to snek for parent under Gam
bette, he. HIWINS, looked bat upon him, He
Tesumad STSNOES 7h ho Sluin ud oh the 18th of
Aufeh he HT guieotisn of Osmmune of Mar.
1 Ip gale which followed, Cremipux
Look five wO aap ster the restaragion
of order val 06 widle pilag to fecepe. He
was roactial, pod, with other rm
of the Btienns, Pelissler, Su Roks--wss eon
demned $0 Aesth; but in Bis case alohs the sentences
been executed. Upon pelo informed that the fatal hour
SLATE be lf oS 07 DOS, mA
Arran Apapera he was
Bt. Nicolas. Whao he arrived there ho asked to be allowed a
fow minutes to finish a piece of poetry, and then rv
quested the rab who attended him toheg a friend to
complete u theatrical play which he had partly written.
Upon teaching the place of execntion he firmly placed
Meslt oy the ateXke, and, taking off his coat, un
ustoned Lig abirt, Javed the firlug purty, exclaiming,
“¥ire! Vier la Repul--!" Hg had not completed the
word wheg he full 8 curpse,
SIR CHARLES DILKE AT BOLTON, ENGLAND.
DISORDERLY PROCEEDINGS—1I18 LECTURE FOR(N
WLY INTRRRUPTED—VIOLRNT ATTAUKS BY
TORY ROUGIS ON THE AUDIENCE. veri}
Prom The Manchesior Ouardian of Doe.
A disgraceful scene of rot aud disorder
signalized meeting held lust night {Noa 30) st Bolton
to hear a lscture from Sir Charles Dil e, Bart. #1. V., on
registration sud ropresoutation. The ppointinent via
Wado wany wooks agu Ly tas luca! 1) Adnocialbon,
whe angel the Temperance Hall for tho OOSEEO.
Afar the mana! annonneemonts of the affair haa Leon
mado opposition placards were posted throughout the
town. e of these waa aa fellows:
“To the loys! people of Bolton: Sir C. Dilke, tha Republican, is
coming to address you on Tharsday sight Let it be soon that you sre
weobora Kegliagm en, ood refuse o bearing to any mas Who preaches
sedition asd Ms Infiuine you are asconnted te most loys!
Jo on the face of the earth, and your veperable monarchy of a thou
Sand years s the admiration of ‘the world. Prove your Joraiy, bv Aun
when M is salled for. Prove is nobly and worthily in defease of wamas
doloass of Ee: ows deat dad lowfal bat mach-injured Queen. Bir C,
pide be Soslares bis wish 40 see our grad eld monaroby overthrown.
He hie Sovereign io as uamesly sad odions way, Without the
r) sonsidoration for bir Sax dad anguit position. Men and womes
of will you beat shch 6 mas orgel for the mowed, 2 Roe
lisleal differences, saa rally 1s espport of throne. The ores of
sation are you! Bbow te Majesty the Queens, snd to the rest
her that you are uawavering in year respect. staciiuend, aad
Lan te If sad (be Royal Family. God save the Quoea.®
e boing good reason to believe that jhls appeal
wonld iu ready yosponse, the Rlomotsn of tho meet
ing made counier arrangements, the discretion of which
may be doubted. Tickets hich oould not be easily
forged were printed ang Qetrl ed among nearly 3,000
friends, inviting them jo3 preliminary meeting to be
held iy the hall at 8) Oelog Considerably betore that
hour the holders of these tickets were admitted, and
nearly filled the hall. They voted Mr, J. Haslam into
the ofialr, and ho said the object of so assembling was to
take measures for preserving order, since disturbances
were likely to be ptismpled in consequence of the
influnmatory bills which had been Issued by the other
aide. On the motion of Mr. Windor, it was then formally
nrecd that those preavis should remain quiet, and do
air best to maintain good order at the subsequent pub
lic meeting. By this time much noise waa being made
by a large crowd which hed menntime assembled out
side, A large foree of the rougher ones, finding them
selves unable to get nto the hall, struggled hard to
force the doors open, and threw a few stones through
the windows. It was intimated from the platform
that, as crowds in the streets scomed impatient to
enter, the beat course wight be to open the doors at
once, althongh it was not yet 74 o’slock, the hour at
which they were advertised to be opened to the Jabie.
Incensed Hv the hostile demonstrations of the on iders,
the bulk of the meeting stoutly objected to the opening
of the doors, and so the proceedings were at once com
menced, instead of waiting till 8 o'clock, which was tho
previously blinded tine, Getting to know that hoy
were not likely to be altogether excluded, the mob ou
side became still more violent, They continued without
intermission to throw dangerous missiles of all kinds
trough the windows frouting the street, (until
all he glass in them was smashed. Not
only Inrge stones, but even bricks and pleoes
of iron were thrown Into the hall, and natu
ally created much alarm among the audience. Although
we have not heard of any one being seriously injured,
many were hurt through being struck by projectiles.
While the stones, &e., were being thrown in, those pros
ent sheltered themsplves im the spaces between the
windows, or in other places where they could be most se
~oura from bruises; but notwithstandlog these precau
tions many persons suffered hard knocks on the head,
and one or two sustained wounds which bled freely.
That more serious injuries were not inflicted is very sur
prising, since a specimen of the misallos handed up to
the platform was a piece of solid iron nearly a toot aud a
half long and fully an inch broad.
In consequence of these proceedings, Sir Charles Dilke
greatly curtailed his intended lecture. Ie poke; in
deed, only about a fiastes of an hour, remark ng that
while personally w og 13 g0 on until he was hit, he
thonght it would be unfair to ask those Fis to ex
Jove themselves longer than necessary to danger. While
16 was speaking, Mr. Beech, Chief Constable of Bolton,
came upon the platforin, and consulted with the leoturer
wud Committee, Thereafter the Chairman (Mr. J. Mel
fon sald the Mayor and magistrates, who wore nsseim
bled in the Town Hall, had sent word that the
Police would interfere so far 43 possible to prevent dam
age, if tree access to and egress from the hall were al
lowed. His (the Chairman's) reply to this was that a8
soon as the Police apparel the doors should be thrown
open. After the uproar whieh followsd this intimation,
Sir C. Dilke said he thought it would be well if the meot
ing, instead of ytelding to the violenoa of Tory roughs,
were to vindicate the fresdom of discussion by simply
now passing the coptomplated potition to Parliament
for improvement in regard to voting Tegiatratipn, popular
representation, and redistribution of seats. Arcordingly,
apetition to thut effort wus adopted on the motion of
Mr. Bramwell. At this time, about 71 o'clock, the doors,
the panels of whish bad previously been broken in, were
forced open, and then enaned a most disgrmentu) s00Ne,
A gang of rough fellows rushed in, flourishing bludgeons,
with which they belabored sil around shéem foost vigor
onsly. In this way they soon fought for themasl vos 8
way toward the platfors, where much severe Aghiting took
place. The ruffians with the bludgeons, which consisted of
stout ash sticks, seorned quite regardless whom they felled
with their Bi dorvis weapons, Among tho sufferers
were some old men and children, and two or throe
were struck to the ground. It ia but right to say that
While this violenoe was due to the fellows who forced
themselves into the oeting, sticks of a very formidable
kind had previously en furnished from an
anteroomn to parties of detormined-loooking fel
lows, who were set tw guard from within the
entrances to the hall. While the worst of the disturb
ance was going on inside not u policeman was to be seen
at hand, and although a number of constables were
afterward found to be standing outsides, thers seems too
much reason for jaying that the polleo arrangeinents
were Bléanotiier defective. A rutile attempt was made
after the fight to hold another glesyng, but the crowd,
in the course of about an hour wero induced to disperse,
and the public peace so far us wo havo hoard was not
afterward disturbed to any serious cxteul
RUSSIAN CONQUESTS IN ASIA
APPREHENDED WAR WJTIL JAPAN.
8t, Petersburg (Now. 3) Correspondence of 2c london 0%.
Grounds of complaint are being alleged
against Russia simultaneously in the Far East and the
Far West grounds whioh, however, trivial in {hewiseives,
have still a grave relative significance. Whether the cur
rent reports of the offanse given by M. Catacasy, the
Russisn Envoy at Waslingwa, are correct or nad, the
arising of a grievance on very point upon whish the
Amerioans are slways sensitive, at a time when
Russian 18 doing her utmost to gain their gond
will, muss be oonsidered as a singularly unlueky
ocourrence. It is true tbat boih parties unite in
declaring tbat the affair shall not be suffered to disturd
fe any way the cordial relations between the two na
tions; but such occurrences, however they may be
smoothed over, are not easily forgotten, In the East,
again, the matler 18 still more serious. The Japanese
Are DAIpRbIy Lidl nant at the encroachments of sia
on the debateable island of Baghalien, and at the inflax
of Russian convicts into their colonies there; nor ia their
indignation at all misplaced. In truth, this remote strip
of land hua at fall an importance which ean hardly
he overrated, Bo long as any part of Sasha
llen—whioch flanks the coast of  Manohou
ria for several hundred miles—-is occupied In
force Jy tho Japanese, a strong check is imposed apon
Rusaia’s present design of transferring her center of
sotion from the Fort of Nikolsiovsk, at the mouth of the
Amonr, to that of Visdivostok, close to the Chinese
frontier. On the other haud, the annexation of the island
by Russia secures her hold upon the territory south of
the Amnour, and forma the natural prelude to what will
undoubtedly be her next stop—the conquest and Ruasi
fication of Cores. In any oases a collision with Japan is
unavoidable, if the existing programme be carried out.
By fixing herself at_Viadivostok, Russia virtually tres
pusses upon Japunese wapers, and challenges’ their
rightful owner to a struggle for the fhasely-<a faot
Lay combined with the Rmposisiity of ooncen
trating upon this remote point a force sufiiclent to with
stand the formidable aud ever-increasing power of
Japan, deserves serious consideration. It would seem
that there is likely to be more fighting in Western
Asia. A Russian lady, whose brother ia at present
serving with the army of Turkestan, told ‘me, a
few days ago, that his last letter announced
the near Brent of active sgrvice, and the consequent
joy of the officers who had missed their shave of the
Kounldqja campaign. Who the enemy Ls to be does 0S Job
Appear but, from wg HH dg whioh I bave notloed,
1 should be inclined to think that the long-pending ex
tinotion of the Khan of Khiva Sa annexation of whose
territory, as I have 3ivady sal is absolutely necessary
to the safety of Russian keptan) is at length te be
commenced in earvest. I notios (un oonuection with
what I have said upon Russo-Japanese relations in the
Fast) tho announcement of the Moscow News thas “M,
Philippens haa ostablished a achool gt Yokohama for the
instruction of Japsnesa children io the Russian language,
and that all kms of educational appliab;oa ary being
sent thither from Moscow.” [sthid ‘“‘the thin end of the
wenilerse IM
ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY MISSION AND TRACT
SOCIETY
SOCIETY,
The forty-fifth annual meefing of the New
York City Mission and Tract Bociety was beld at the
Bible House yoaterday afternoon. The statement of the
Treasurer, Morris K. Jesup, shows that the receipts and
expenditures during the Inst year were $60,666 88, ‘Che
annnal report states that 40 wissionaries are employed
and 184 yoluntary visitors. One willion tracts were dis
tributed, and 36.600 given to 6,500 poor people. Eleven
thousand persons were induced to attend chureh, snd
2,000 tamperance plodges were obtained. The report
reviews the work of the Booiety in all its aspects, and
says as to the gonoral condition of the city:
During the year under review the Spmingnity has been
startled and appalled at the most ul outbreaks of
evil. And it has bean made apparent to the inost su
ficial observer that wickedness, fostered by license a8
shooureged by punieipal gorruption, if allowed to go on
unrestrained, would soun corrupt fur oily into as om,
An improved social condition has been objeot
of study and effort with iy Bdng and good rheh for
years, and wany Spentinsnts ¥o been set on fopt. But
Joa) (progress bas only.come through the spread Chrig
anity.
After the adjournment of the Roniety-s Meeting, the
Directors convened and elected the followin OPA:
Frasidens, jie ov. Thomas De With, D. D.; Vie Xe
Wetmore: Treasater, Morris K. Jesup
gras tren; Lon hes ie eg, BA
erry; 9 A
Tw Se is Som QE
3 A 8. v.
Wetmore, Nathan Bishop, John Tarlar Johosthu. Morris T se, Ait
aus Dodge iv. Hogted Postar, A. nh. Gatahgl 0. iin y Vu
fer tller, Ambrose y, George W. PaAmogs,
Mev. Uourye J. Mingus, Lewis K. Jackses. y
eee et I
The following letter ‘from Admiral Pogsiet
aocompanied ehack for $5,000 given by the Grand
Duke Alexis for the rellef of the pour of this oity.
"Boston, Dec. 11, ett,
My Dear Bir: His Tmperial fighnesathe Grand
Duke Alexis hus desired moe to fnoloss you a oheck far
$5,000 for distribution snong the wy of New-York,
wishing thew to feel that a vit which as afforded “o
much pleasure to hitn had heel the oocnsion-ef smd
slight relief to thew,
T um, my dear Bir, yours mest sincerely,

Wu. H. Aspinwall, erg. GC. [et

A DERANGED WOMAN BHOQIY WEBAELF.
came f
Ms. Mary Everard, residing at No, 308 Vie
Thirty -wacoud-el., laa long been aicted ot interval, with
opileptio fits. On Tuesday aftarpoun, 11 the tampotary
absanes of her husband, sho was sized with ona of thoes
gta, and took 8 pistol belonging to hee bashand sad Pplao
lug the muzzle to Ler right tenple, deed Sho wis found
lylng on the floor, ineensible, aud disd in 8 fow hours.
Hho was a nitavo of Treland, wge 39 A verdict of sulyide
un der Wwiyot ay lusaiuly wa, coudorod.
IMPERIAL GENEROSITY.

THR OOURTS.
THE HEATH.-RAPHAEL STOCK.
FISK AND GOULD COMPELLED TO DISGORGE.
The Erie Railway Company delivered, yester
day, to Master in Equity White certificates representing
47,392 shares of the 60,066 shares of the stock of that Com
pany olaimed by Heath and Raphael, to whose repre
sentative the certificates will be surrendered as soon as
the Master is satisfied that they are correct. Jay Gould
and James Fisk, ir., claim an interest in the remaining
13,764 shares, and tha question of their ownership will be
arguod before Judge Blatohford In the United States Cir
euit Court to-morrow. a
1 BLACK FRIDAY” GOLD SUITS.
A PMA ALU) HYTE DUD ITD vi
Gould, James Fisk, jr., and others, which have been ren
dered notorious by the alleged attempts to bribe the jury
to a disagreement in one of them, came up before Judge
Freedman in the Superior Court yesterday. David
Dudley Field wade a wotion for a stay of proceedings
in the 14 suits against the same defendants, which are
similar to the first one, and are to follow it immediately,
ponding an sapped) in the first case.
Mr. Stickfley opposed the motion, on the gronnd that
the Court has no power to stay proceedings in any one
of these aotions until something Is done in that suite
They could not ask, ho sald, to stay proceedings in these
14 actions which rest, each of them, on thelr own evi
dence and on the poiuts of law which will come up on
the trial. The parties are different, the facts are differ
ent, and the evidence 18 different. Counsel cited the
case of Fowle agt. Thomas, decided by Judge Allen,
showing that the Court has no power to stay proceed
ings peuding such appeal; also, Schell agt. The Erie
Railway Company, where {it was decided that the
prooeadings could not be stayed by an injunction order.
Mr. Ficld said that ho moved upon all the papers aud
depositions in the whole 16 casvs which were before the
Court.
Mr. Stickney sald they wore not hefore the Court.
Mr. Field repeated that they were that they hal taken
the deposition of the plaintiff in every one of the 15 capes,
and fn eight of them they had a clear statement us to the
only contract made between the parties, There is ex.
actly the same feature in all the suits. In other words,
if the Goneral Tern should hold that the memorandum is
not a memorandum of sale, every one of these cascs must
go by the board. As to the case of Schell agt. the Erle
Railway Company, the counsel was unfortunate in his se
lootion. That case only decided that you could not get
an outside fujunction in any other suit. The Court of
APhehis has overruled ail that, however, In the case of
Judge Allen, the defendants undertook to ask the Court
far i stay in all the cases upon a difforeut case. Here it
2) Jie fie dofoudaut in all, and virtually the same
Tha Court resorved ita deeiafon.
The cate of Trevor et al. agt. Jay Gould and others,
which will follow that of Isasc O. Davis, against the
same defendants (the alleged bribery case), was called,
yeatorday, for trial, but will probably nut be reached be
TRAE MINOR TRIAL
CURIOUS REVELATIONS OF A SECRET SERVICE
DETECTIV BE.
The trial of Joshua D. Minor, the alleged
Hond Contor of Counterfeitera in the Unitod States,”
was continued yesterday in the United States Cirounit
Court befors Jndge Benedict, Henry C. Cole corrected
Iris testimony given on Tuesday, by saying that Keeu
paid him 1 money instead of a check. William N. Ken
noch, one of Col. Whitley's officers, testified, on cross
examination
1 waa not watching Minors hoase on Oct. 17; on that day wens, by
Cel. Whitley's instructions, to RySith ft sod Fifth-ave,, to mest
Cole, and got a package from him; Col. Whitley did pot tell me what
this package would contain; when Cole gave me the package, he said,
[Tere is what you want; I took the package to Col. Whitley's office,
and opaned It ther it contained $5.000 in counterfeits money; shere
was one counterfeit ®20 bill in it; I marked this q J
age, od also marked some of the bills is it ei
money was bop identified by the witness] Whea I got
this package from Cole I kuew~ that be had been agresiad
for dealing in counterfeit money I arrested him inywelf; between Oct. 17
and Oct. 25 1 had nothing to do with whiting Minor's bese searched
Cele at the coruer of Fifty-vinth-st. and Ningb-ave., after Detective Ap
plegate had searched bim; at the time of this search Applegate, Dram
mond. Fitspatriok, Clanderdel, sod peat were present; 1 cao’t swear
povitively that Deloma was present after Cole was searched, saw him
go into Minors house; no one orderal me to search Cole.
Q. You swore vesterdgy that yon watched Cole by Col. Whitler's
oniers; how do yoa reconcile what yon swore to yesterday with what
you have just a2id 1 A. 1 can’t recollect whether Col Whitley did or
414 not tei] me to search Cole: ths men who gave the package of plates
to Minor proved to be Ballard —the person fisor calied this man"
when in couversation mish Cole; be was arrested and brought to Col.
Whitley's headquarters at the same time Mioor waa
1 megj into the secret servine one sear ago lass April; [made the ae
quantifies of Col. Whitley one day ou Broadway; he fame up pod ne.zql
we fur baviog 4,000 cigars PE pgp that had 35 rév&Bue stamps
on them; the Voge I'got ol of" Rat roadway, samed Sea
bias aad 0143 ie w Whew 5p lo cifai-depler on
a ab; 1 sacorpd in i r
oe To retain $10 as a rem on for selling them i
aboud 8 week after that I was employed by Col. Whitley as one of his
officers in the secret service; before was arrested I was working on the
steamer Cleoatrs; 1 bays shipped on severa! steamers, and was once 08
the steamer Missouri, which was seised by the U. 8. QUITENSES 2
gmugior: was ozs sen to Ms. MoHenry, the steward of the
by (tteman, one of Col. Whitley's men, with a note sopeistings wont.
ing where MoHonry was Solag to bring him some cigars; Whiteman wae
discharged not long go, sad {a now serving out o term in State Prison
for rind larceny; 1 used i live ot No Boeri an, a there ro
ceived s great wsay oi persons ‘on ten ‘Cleo
who sent them to my Fie i eoid, nose of theun bad ten 1unpecied
and stamped bY th (overoment; sold s30h dgant, kapwiog at the
time that was belpiag to defraud the Government, I think that
those I old them to must Rave known they were not stamped. [The wit
ness betng bere asked to whom-he seid most of these cigars, said be did
sot wish te tiplicate anybody, bus the Judge required him to saswer the
ouestion.) Tai hom to Giaeoe Brows tindet. digas dealer; to
Mr. Ouritor, sue ofthe Leepers in Laglow-st Jail, to a Goand-ot.
dealor nme Stapplowns names of We hes wha these cigars
to me were Alfred Brown, Meesrs. McLeary, McDons ye MeKinney,
and the Merican mail agent of the Clsopetrs, vhese name I do nol
remember; they were all oficers or men of the (leo
patra, with the ssiiion of Brows, who wae counected with
the smugz!ing steamer sltogether I shoold 1 had received
and apd ot maar teh gir 1 wad 10] sometimes $2 50
re 80d sumetimes less, for lug them for these Bea; st ane time
wai accosted by Oficer Doyle of tbe Harbor Police, 8 asked if ever
tried to smuggle cigars into jou. and said hed mever made any such
effort; was cud once (1 think it was ip 1358) together with the ca
Selon of four slavers) and passed thes by the uame of Viacens x
anews.
The Court adjourned till to-morrow, whan several im
portant witnessos will be exnmined.
rr P——
A. CONTROVERAY AROUT BTOLEN RAILROAD
BONIS,
1645. Sune
The case of Amasa J. Parker agt. the
Chicago and North-Western Railway Company wes tried,
yesterday, before Judge Spencer, in Part 11. of the Su
perior Court. Judgo Parker, through brokers, purchased
three bonds worth $2,000 of the Chicago and North
Western Railway Company. The bonds were apparently
“free,” and were taken to the Compaay’s office snd
rogistered fn his name. About six months subsequently
it waa discoverad that the bonds had been stolen from
T. A. Morrison, executor of 0. M. Oloott, and had been
once registered in his name, but afterwasd the tame had
bosn erased to make the bonds appear free,” so that
they could be thrown on the market, Mr. Morrison in
stituted logal proceedings to recover bis bonds, Judge
Parker at ouse informing the Company and the brokers
through whom he procured the bonds to defend the sult
Nolther, however, appeared $0 defend, and judgment was
recovered against Judge Parker for néarly $3,000.
He now brings the present sult against the Cuapany,
charging that it waa through ita negligence that the
Judgment was obtained pumings bm, site the officers,
when the bonds w y (7 um for ge
hi po have pero v'y Fg vec and IR rs
these three bonds were tegistepefl in Mr. Morsisopn’s
name. If he had besa AToRR iilursed ba might
bave wp duis check for the bonds. The Company
denied that it was responsibip, clainung that the ars
were bound to examine the books to ascertain whether
the bonds were already registered.
Judge Spencer left the Jusstion of reapanyifility to
the jury, who found against the Company for 3,86 11.
SPECIAL DEPOSITS IN TUE STUYVESANT BANK.
Wm. B. Mann. through counsel, apwulied,
TEE hi aR A ET Rev i id BE Bb TR. na Nn Aide 4 Bad A ih ited,
yesterday, to Judge Cardozu im the Bupreme Court,
Chambers, fur an order to compel the Receiver of the
Htuyvesant Bank to pay over to him e deposis of #85,
which he made In that bank at 248 p. m. on the day the
bank fallpd, it having suspended ad adost 14 o'clock.
He claimed that the money, having been deposited after
the Bank had susponded payment, wis o apesiel deposit,
and 8i@ wet form portion of tha masets of the dunk.
Dufitey Pied, fur the bank, prevented sBidavity to prove
tint mosey was thrown a 8he funds of the I'8
apdw feoResly a past of ls on wad 9180
mada fo npurable caralassness Ai ig on $hé
part of the chorxn ou thay day iv doponita,
when they koow $e Bond ou bowl, IR Suto puson
throwing shim iio fuods of the bunk aad Ig other
Gases not, CSOD Yoh oil.
84.
a
THE RIVEBRLOR PARK IMPROVEMENTS


..'Upan the seftlement. of the order in the
aatterof the Riverside Perk improvenieats, lately ob
tained iY the Mupredie Court, questions of the gravest
tioporance to the ality auf\to property hotders were dis
ongsed by: Diomstw O’'German, Develie, Strang, Delafiold.
Wiel, sib Peioute. Doueel elnimad: (had the whale
r Abould be referred 0 pew Ul o
fro reg og ment als, og

J,
kind Gog 4 done tL cubof ih impess
would pe? oA Rar thin 18 nov is; a
oir Jy ou) rogsly In that L
Al hes: 4 Tepe WOULA ha 8 o  Lerroed
Eo Err to" Si thiaw one ik 10
direct a ravislen. THe (burt reserved ite Goclelnd


CRIGEN ALA SENTENCED.
TRE La au UREN DE A a 5 28
A long criminal calendar was called in the
Court of Oger and Tesmises, gestenisy. Tha frst cuse
tried was that of Dantel D, Nugent, indicted for assault
with iptont to kill. When pied oy the staed he guvo A
atraightforwand acoonnt of the
gy that ho Lud Loou discharged from United
States with 919 ta bs pocket; was
Pa rahe With o corapanion, TT ili]
soex after in
barun, which {00 harksoper tad sstber mam, at hie
y 1
imo Sleeriesd gs o bdo Be. ands shared
fh ti, Het Shacks
noo! os
gained bi fot Dl friend banded bk ple, aif sad
0 sdvanoed toward his assailants; they began to
abuse him, and he struek out nite,
outing the hasioopsp the
led no intention of killing or aiming him, thet
‘The jury found him rulfty simple assault, and the
Court sentoncad him to six months in the Pénitentiasy.
Michael Burns was next tried fof shooting his wife
tho head, and causing gh oot fatal a)
Ie endeavored to his erime by saying that
wife had deserted $hese Himes, snd finally taken
sway from him his suly This, with liguor, exeited
iim to commit the A Ingraham soatenced him
to serve 3 pee in the State
Henry Smith, colcred, was up for stealing in
empleyer’s watch snd chain. He Bloated gully, and sald
that his employer had not paid his wages. His employer
denied this. was sentenced to serve tw Jeans in
#irg Sing. James MoDermott pleaded guilty grand
larceny, aud was sent to prison Tor three years. Richard
sShutzadmitted stealing a horse, wagon, apd barneas, and
Jud pgranam sentenced him to ser three years.
Julie ney, for stabbing an officer m the eye, as he
wis taking her to the Station-House, wns sentonced to
the Btate Aw for 33 years. Alvab J, Whitford, an ex.
policeman, charged with highway robbery, was con
vieted snd sent to State Prison for five yaars.
Surrogate Hutchings decided, yesterday, in
the eames of the will of Maria Virginia Folsom, that, as
the evidence showed that the testateix did not declars to
either of the subscribfug witnesscs that the instrument
propounded was ber 143 will and testament, it could nok
bo sdiut’ted to probate,
In the United States District Conrt yester
dny, in the matter of John Sedgwick, assignee in bank
roptey of Asahel H. Heath and Thomas W. B. Hughes,
Judge Blatchford granted the motion for an ivjunctios
aud the appointment of a recolver.
Mr. Lewis, who keeps a loan office and jew
olry store in Bleecker-st.,, waa arrested last August,
charged with receiving a watch stolen from Mr. Josus,
put when the case came up for trial the complain
ant did not appear, and the accused was discharged.
Lewis brought an action against Josus yesterday, 1u the
Marine Court, before Judge Joachimsen, to recover
$1,000 for false imprisonment, but as it a peared that
Josus had good ressons for believing Lowis suilty, the
jugy gave verdict for the defendant.
In the Marine Court, before Judge Shea, yes
terday, Jemes Mabony, who owns a yard in Fifticth st
for dressing fine stone, brought an action against Francis
McNamara to recover $500 for 10as of time and other
damages caused by the blasting of rocks by MeNaman
in the vicinity. The Judge chai ou the jury that bist
ng, though a necessary e, must be managed witk
qeat care, and that any business the prosecution of
which keeps up a constant apprehension of danger, or
canses inconvenience or damage to the neighboring ten
ants, id a nuisance, Verdict for the plaintiff for $425.
The suit for damages brought by Many
Swords against Elizabgth A. Edgar and others, was co
oluded yesterday in Part I. Circuit of the Supreme Court
The husband of the plaintiff while engaged in unloading
a eargo of iron. from the steamer Matiritius, at Pler No
11, N. R., whith is owned by the defendants, fell through
un rotsen ldo and struck an iron spike, which passed
through his thigh. Pneumonia came on while he was
ails ring fom the wound Suet 10 died, The defendank
0 8 say they lease Loghe
eT Coan. Tig Jury found veri
of &s.500 tor the plaintiff.
At the Jeiferson Market Police Conrt, Jostorday,
David Priogle, sr, reading st Moser and Putnam-aves., Brooklyn, was
committe], 10 defanlt of €10,000 bail, on 8 charge of defrauding Thomas
Holloway, wholesale druggiss, of goous worth ©5000. LWWillism Siok
was comiuitted for sealing clothing worth $165 from Panny Bandoiph of
No. 34 West Tweoty-ainth-sb. v
At the Tombs Police Court, yesterday. Justios
Dowling, conubied Charles H. Moore of No. 123 West Thirty-fourth ot,
for breaking into the apartment of Margaret Phalen, at No. 49 Cherry a,
aod stealing $13 Aud propeity worth %17....Bdwand Cooper of No. 20
Fifth-ave. Was commi for Jrocsciog te Indorsement of Jobu H.
Patterson of No, 177 West-st. to a worthless check for $60, purportiug
be drawn on she 3t. Nicholas Bank by James Williamson.
B In the Court of General Sessions, before Recorder
ett, yesterday, ok Murray, “aru wi urg Lomas
Adair's store-bouse, at Eleventb-ave. Pifiieth-st., Oct. 31, was so
aitted. ...Heary Gibson, ating 150 from William Huns, oe es
Bigbth- sve. car, Nov. 13, State st bard labor five years...
George Gosson, indicted with Gibson, three years at bard labor.... Wik
Yam ot of No. 48 Vandam-st., snatching a watch and cobain frem
flenry Schlottman of No. 481 Greenwich-st., 3} years... Charles Rores,
stealing dry goods from J. C. Howe Co., Jie Jedi... Capt Blotter,
stealing $35 worth of elothing from Christan Pauline. 2{ years... Joka
Beersusag, stealing $28 (rom Caspar Favlkuer, 2§ yoars.
IASG
Superior Court— Special Term—By Judge Freedman.
—stur7edant act. Greissler at al.—Motion granted. vis agt. Smita.
Beiorears or tered. MeCullogh ags Otten. —Order grauted.
Soraaxs COURT--CHANBERS. —CARDOIO, J.~Opens at an
Calendar called at 12m.
xy ANA Zh ta i aR t ana Meteromat abt al ast (VDomss
.1n re
191..Caubeiiagn Raymond.
$18..Roberts agt Coastwise 5. 5.
206. Pratt
Berdlo:
w.
Whiting.
Uuited Nickel Co.
222. Tweedy agh Claske.
%6.. MeMeuaney et al, agt. Par
240. .Fheppand agt. Dufl.
244, Mek] agt. Lamb.
Cine Parr L.—Vaw B
191., Taylor ags. O'Connor et al
899. .0sgood agt. Toole.
Nie taf agt. Bearna
oo e's Ina Co. apt
Ins, Co.
1. Mead Rebber Co. sgt. Th
609..The Board of Cew'rs of Pi
us Tho Atlantic M
8. Co.’
Natiooal Spring Co
2317..Nrown sgt Jarvis.
Wo, Higging age. Hyatt
Parr 1[—-Braoy, ny atl
Soreng CoURT—TRIAL Tegn
$85. Klaig agt. Badénkop.
Mewar,
on. sar (L.—¥ranCSs
Marges urry.
o
108. .28eVoy
900, Barut. Tracy.
276. Larned gt. Mould.
Connon Pusas—Twias Troan]
348..Wieo agt. Bway and Seveatd
ave, BR, R. Co.
1637. Alibash agt. Grand snd Forty
suwoond-st. BR, R. C
721. Sehwitter agt-Gresafeld,
846. He aber agi. Secoad-ave
947... %amq at. Rame,
1801, .Clecseini Wend.
898,.0wes sgh. Law couce.
104 Wolf!
vo act. Gaus.
193. Pike sgt. Gerasby:a.
514..iTorn sgt. Cavaon, jr.
Fr egg gg
ls odd OM Jr
oh Rein ay sdtrer.
1130. .Moberts agt. Mashewn,
719... Bokerson agh Wastiugton,
1..Parker agt. Washipgton Tee
Juma Tany.—C. P. Davy,
ty archer.
1, erat Mek ease.
74. Rolie agt. Selzsw
Atkinson agt. Levine.
28. .Bowman sg. Kelman,
o.. Seman Holloway.
€1..Poltlon agt. Secor.
49... Barker sgt. Hudson iver B.
R Co.
104. Hawitt agt. Kohn.
181. Kapoor sgt Bink.
14... nawyee Qgt. O'Bren,
90. Lefevre Jacobeon,
[18
15. .Ceatral MA, agt. Wools,
1. Name sgt.
1%... Lewin sgt Bgme.
63... Pusburga agl. Hrewster,
10.80 fe Alles.
Mauve Covey=Tmiarn Tow.
7043. .Gudlelbaner sgt. Ciilagher.
=415, Zivanesmany agt. Pi rve,
%417., Bolen et al art. Kril-g.
Te. .Debdelo Fearhach.
8165. Parker Wint mm.
7669. Randall age Ludlow.
38, .Usstor agte Breucaw
8113. Davidwon ant. Soren.
Pasy J —~3nE4,
oo
hiriand Uebdt-Rvmus The 2 108
8, 0,01, 7, W, 0.01, SAANE RE Te, 11, US
A16, Ly, in, 194, 68, bas 1, 13, 138, 10
Cowes of Appeals, AY, N. Y., Deo. 15. ~The
Court of A ils a ollewe: Nes G1, 48 8%
Cont. int 5, 41
a MARRIFAS TESTATRIX.
CIVIL. NOTES.
CRIMINAL, COURTS.
DYCTSIONS Dee. 13.
CONRT CALRNDARS —~T'a18 DAY.
204. .Fairtrast ot al. sgt. U'Uene
boe.
209, ,Gescbeldt Kuabea
~RanNan», J. o lam

Srna Counr—SpCiAL Tara,
B..
1£7. Waddeh wet i
134.. Punk agt. Davisetal
138, .8ecurity Ins. Co. agt. Drew.
1 oan. a.
.Npicer cer.
160. eine el Beck.
Je. Aoodtind glo,
..Neymeur a A
2335, abil ags. Buvaer b


y, Lope at 1 5 _
ai. Davenport ar
591. Manon apt. Wile, id
631. .Usgood agt. Timpmon.
2234. Gerding agt, Kobbe.
531. Benedict agt. Taylor.
95... Kilkee apt. National Perk
al
697. Meyer ogt. Diz.
#0. Joan Sgt. Staten Jaland RB
347. .Jenas agt. Rsme,
341. Martin ugt, Cebot.
727. .Barlev et al. agt Hoe,
M.~1me calendar as yeosienley,
‘ant 1.—M,¥8LL, J. —~Opuas ot IL
Ls
LR
‘1151, Yrvioe agt. Moey.
ABT. .Nurder agt. U’ Brien.
157... Hol 3 an
(571.. Deming agte Pulersior.
«Holm
7, 47
1203. .Quinn agt. Dounelly.
Su fdas Or Bites. n
R3L.. Travers nen, Shert
1161. Beith,
Flesho.
J.—Opens st 11 m.
gt.
ot L.-J, PF. DaLy, J.—Opens of
Mh,
Faq Waol apt. Met'n Ins. Coy
998. .Pugiud ag. Gardoer.
1048. Crane wr Bh rges.
L084, .Bhaw sgt Theiss.
Ml, .Priboury ags. V1),
935. Pranchand i. 21, Colt
347..N. Y Lith. Eng. and Pristing
Co sgt. Am rican Toatise
1Afe Jos, Co.
114. Piteximmons sgt. Koloea.
t.. Bulloek agt. O'Briea, Shell
039. Battershee agt. Solomon.
1934. Coben agi. N. Y. bowing
Machine Co.
Lw4}. Sebott agt. Wright
Swe ogi. Same.
113i. “i gt. Ryerson.
1089. Alen ag. Hawkins.
1067, Middeton agt. Androws.
$39. McDermott agt. Lynde.
J. RopinsoN aud Lonw, JJ,
11..(arvtons agt. Barnstorf,
21. .Mctiowan agt. Murray.
13, Trgear agt. The Dry
K. 8. 00d B. BR. R. Co.
Dock
85. Eicholts agt. Natioaal Geo
light Co

1. Crow sgt. Riley.
W1. thak set. Chnstisnsen.
9! Bott sgt. Metzler,
93. Rice 2at. Bonde.
Biakeicy gs Wiswell,
103. Loomis ak, Whitiug.
116. Thomas sgt.
113. Carey age. Herang.
138..Cule agte MeCullogh.
2... Johpes agt. Burnham.
24. Fitgpatrics sgt. Boylan,
Puxr [—Auxen, J.—~Opess of
We
eee, Friedrich Nehalts
155, Kroeger sgt. DeKaba,
1519. Noyes agt. Lederv:,
517. Rew agt. Hnlson BK, BB Cn
319. Hout gt. Frank.
ae axl, Haoeer,
59. Bere ast: Hackett
~Oprap at 102.
132, Smith Jones,
324. Mint ag'. Kressler,
3, Mot saline nyt Gillies
97. Wh Sturis. ober,
04. Mares sgt Roileagen
Jones
84 i LJ 04CHINMN, J, ~=Upane
ROWe0R
.Johusen