ti year. new york, Thursday, December 14, i87i. price tvocent&
THIi LAM) OF THE F 11151?.
mr, itoiski.(imi:xs appeal to
a or. 11 or I'M ax.
(lev. Iloritiinii .Vltlna nnd flip Poller (Tom
tnlaslnnl'rs Preparing In Ttttte n llnrlt
Trecls ('eintrrrs Cre-iilliie; n Centmlaalnn
In Look nflrr WorUlugntnu lnlerala.
Albaist, Dec. 13. (Iot. lloQ'man rcoclved in
trie Kiicutivc Chamber n delegation of working
nen al Ir If pvtS P. M. Mr Hanks, on tho part of
the delegation, said that thoy had been unable to
tture from Hie N Yorit police authorities a ro
vacation of Hie utdrr prohibiting ft funeral, and hud,
therefore d""-rm lied to nppsnl to Mm. (lor. Hoff
man rosp wded mat lis iui In roramunloallon with
the roll' nutnorltlet, and as soon us hi could tittr
from ttiem In wuld li t llm delegation know what
)ila dctcrmlnat.ou i. Until then ho could give no
earner. He tlien inked them whether thee con-t.-mplatcd
relninlui to New York Hits evening J
Mr. Uauke No, sir we think we will remain
litre to night We l.ave an IntltttlOh to nitcud the
ISettre, and will prooaoly accent It.
iior. HolT t in At wuut hotel are you stopplog,
or shell I (elrgraph in reply to New York to toor
rott t
Jlr Rinks 'Vc are "loppli.; at Htenvrlx Hall
0 v. lloflinaL Very wgt, I wl'l c. i'i tminl ate
with ou there lull .rental, at 1 trill heir from
oNcw aor.l think, promptly.
1 1 e delegation then withdrew, atid the tntsrview
terminated.
thk womtisnurVs jinr.Tixo lait Kianr.
Plmrlly after 10 o'clock last nylit, a ilc-palcli
Will, ciri-il Irum the Committee which had been
aent to Albany In refrrenco to the parade on Mnn
tlsy. A n ertlng of the Keder.il Council was called
and Mr Iluhe,. read ll.o fcllowlns deepatc'a which
he had received
In I! Il'i'.m A( (lovcrnor'a request we Jnel had an
lntrrt.es, poike hire not de idel ycti win I. -mor-I0l
Ihe.i we wl d'l-lde. 1 II tllllOllr. II. IIAMO
Hr Mcdreior rooted that Iho Trade Unions bo
Intited to lorut a lite nciibuuday kt tho Cuuptr
lo-ntiite.
The lolloping named gentlemen were elected
rfficere r the ensuing year: II. Hubert. I'retid.nt:
aM. rwuer ice-Prtsi.tetit; b. Sauivund, Secretary;
b. U..uieut, Treasurer.
what tub roLicc 04nn wiil do.
Msior tlill contrlted to get rouud to the Police
Ctntral Ofllce yesterday, mil hand to 111. br.lhrru
01 Id. Conuniislon tin following;
1 considered this whole lubject last July, as
Mayor and an advlirr or the Nitjerlolend.nl of Po
lice. Arid .ten In ti.w 01 all the land-wide criti
cisms tint weie made hr pre... pulpit, and populace,
I I. in not chanced the conclusions of law and fact
then lodlviJuilly reacted b) me. The Orange pro-
c. ihod order his ueter been really rend by the
Public who opposed It. If real now, when newir
excitements l av I allayed the July f.ttr, the order
Will b. found to ennunclate legal propositions trial
no respectable lawjer due controvert oter hit slg
nature
all (inr.tr rncEiiO!ii illcqal,
A'l sir- 1 1.. .ff. ion. compoied of th. few or of
ti e niin) iie illegal. Tnu law ol the hlnhway Is ei.
p.-eweii by t.ie London police pnrase. Move on
An owner dediral. the blgntviiy for the purpose of
patting a, d re, mint, and tor no other purpose.
And the owner 01 a street lot may technically maln
U111 irc-i .as a amst playen ofrntrblei on his side
walk, or ur.ati-crintiers who par to amuse Hie
Chi drin, or eten of the chronic gaier wlo may
lUnd ,u iron! ol that owner's liuu.e, or tio Irleads
wuo nng it Hop there to talk. llowcer. there aro
lu itr, unity of proprli Holding, wlotnir ny
iudli iluiii or by itovtruuitrita. ire.pah-eis ti-n ,ir..
jii net prohibltorr or peruinsaDIe at disunion
i e e 11 no law In lavor ol itrtet procesnous. and
Uere is no eipree law agalnt tl.em
iu ora.no rtoctssio.v.
Cul nt. ua;o. and Itc loler.tton, both of the
toer. ui ami the goteic.d. lute pernnncd Lie
tec'ntcii trr.p.-iee of many prorcssiou! mat are
lioc ou. eitner beejnsn ther leproem eeutl
cunt or promote Ihi l.llari.y, the enjoyment, or tut
toliticai i;. vd ire uc of culienr. I lie kit upon
wi.Mi n i.a.ed t'.e order atmmt the Orange pro
cimooHa, that under Initorical precedent, under
tome recent .tents, aud uader the t.rr nature of
ti.e proci ,11111, Uird by In rrloBdeeod Ibleel.
eoed by in enemies, riliorder. luinult, and riot were
ti be eai.''ctrd. There wire tv o fictioni eacli
rrprc-eutiog crrtitn ideis and pa'iODS or a foreign
Q rn 1 epiring .0 pjrud in ..ntagonlim to rac.i
ol ir ri i- poliiu order prohlinlmg the pared, of
the urn and ol 1111 offer nlm- was in Urn intrital ut
l w n u. nr. T e ieiu.1 abuwe I l.i.u the or.giual
crd-r wsi a v ise tie
lbs Jl.it'ir and the polico authorllles of New
1 rk ,n 1 ul it uffl fie. and not thermometers of
mime 11 ti,ey mu.t tinipiy protut innons and
irjueiii mi ir the Itw. Kn h pirthiilir protei.loti
liu.lutiend fur ronsideraitons of ailmlnl.lrilix
tr tru 1 1 p.y uinri tn er,lil cou.idern
ti.us .11. and oraer, or of disorder, tnat uui sur
roi.uJ 11
Tilt UAtnu's SCCCiSOB.
u., su eoi tno I am toid is lo be either
Hr 1. A Viimiu or llr Jmc M'llrlou)
ei 1 lil.e char of tno neat Witt of July, I
ptfd .it ai he will find th tain. or public Idea as
j a 1 0' prohibiiihg Lie processions its the
r... iu.hr sentiment last Jnly i.enied to bo In
trri.tr A preceislon wlucn represents a n
liiiien. or ajalim unlch there la no partlcnljr an
Ij.oi i n cannot be ssid to invite; disorder. Toe
si-it n .I'.n.og that induced me tu toto for lorbid
din; 11 e Orange and Hibernian proceislons lo occur
ou tie .iuv cay Impel nie taerefore logically tu
tuts ui irnii.nou to this proceisiou, because,
ailei ti in, it iiilifent iniuiry, I ain uiulde to Omi
toy jrii.l in .ippreheud.J aoiagonisin to tho poll. I
lag nn.,.-in. or .iuy con.i.Krilions vtnic'i will
ua..i. out in sup; 1 ttw the pr iceiiign
Mj.Jj leu to nut or lurault. 1 null vole tor tin
TywUllslbll- irespiss.
Tllg DAT.
llu' it u said Hut thu piocesiion should not move
leiauk it meets Mnndav. In nij lU Uimnl, a
ireie lim.i and officer, and setting a. Ida the
que-tio.i ol r.iikioua lentiiiieut, Miu.lay I. neiier
diy or 1 e prnceti..a than any ulht r clay there
is it.s name aud l.ss inconvenience lo lhoe w..o
aay 1. 1 1 use the streets. Wiietner the proces
sion win interl.r with certain statutes on Hie tub
jit making nones in the vicinity of meeting
hoi.ns it is 11.1 neces.art lor me to now conilder,
bscuuai ns I underslinil. the prors'slonlsts solect
r ur -lurnii n.,ci ir,ue are no ssrl:s, eten II
fie it nutei apj iied I am awre that a general term
of this district c .mooted ol Justices Allen (now ol
the Apte iltj, 1 l-rke. and uthorland tali lu I'oorlt
t;t Lindcnmuller. t'dJ iiaib., s;o
in ninnrs or 1rnr.s111rr.Ri.
The right to tear a family nh a becumlnr regard to
I'. iin,inoni ol I hrl.tlanity, and without compel
I 11. 11 1 j 11 nue s the hooily lulraclioos of one ol
nu n ..mi, nisi lawi. the rigiit to enjoy the peace aud
a-oc iinier 01 locietr. ann the increased lecuriltei of
I it s .a 1 lent. hicn re.uli from a decent ob'ei t
sr .-e fih -ai naih the rlsrtu ol the noor 10 rest from
ut.r ttit.iuui dlminiilion In wa:e th. rtiniol heam
t" the 1. -t Hhich nature cam for are real, subitsrtial
ricnir ami ai much the snlgert of governmental pro
trc.i ,11 a. any otner right 01 per.oo or property, itut
n .11 nri 1 inn it uthe right "I the c'llien to remd
the SsMutii ii illy 01 recreilion and amiiicment,
jj h. r tan as a rley of rut a..d .eligious wonn.p. ad
thit lie is a right to art upon that Delict and euaage
In 1 11 rut a bui-mcuu anil tecreaitoni. Init po..
I on 1. it no ritietiaiy to caihlsy. Hut who It 10
J i'le in 1 t'C.de ttbat sinuieii.eotl and paitllne. aie
1 c. 1 ..sheriiig no direct ur indirect baneful In
cuei e nt ,,n rommunity. ai nor in any wir dli.urblug
tot 1 ca e mil nuiet of the public, ai not nnnecemaril
1 'tire-. 1 with the eqnai rigliti of contclence of
in.11 May not the Legislature, following the ci
a ri li'i.ci I wulch tsa, crei tu ui as a nr te
t I- lire suit recreation, are lairrul end what
J11 1 ,m, a. nuiiinx a h.tsen of me peaca or
scu 1 1 01. oi tile njoijn of the people
LIT rug I'OLICa STAMtl ALOOF.
i'- 1, 1 ocent ahu n insy operate trj'irlonslt
t'' 11. .1, t ef tht old or young, which lends to
nij me j eaceaole aud quiet worihlpof the Sib-
"'iuiui! vuuny -ill jnda lb" moral 1 of
I iu.it). aud thut tends to a breacj 01 the
Jl I i'ioreioii hurt ihiiiiioral eenie of the rom
sw n t. lid 'o a hreac'i of the fescs umlir Hit.
11 1 J -l 'nore whr, ohlect 10 tningt on inorai
f 1 'iirteu ore ',r 01 miot U.lorder. And
ia 1' riui.a in th. city, which It mar In
1 in t-...,t the moral seme or ,lie ooiumuuity,
J 1 1 1 i e.iher alth ma icnlluient of the prous
"l 1 in.-'iai arWcti-fl lor In movement. If
.'i 1 oriere the latt.r dori not tend to In
l id' r, e.n er tniriuilcili) or eilrinncaily, and
r i'ie moiai .ci. n ol the coiumunur. 1
.111 me pollen iieithrr prot.ct nor oppo.a
I l. 1 ut irti.e neire Le broken keen tne
ding to u.ual circumtlancei of Ureal an.
The Workluuinen In Congress,
In the l.i.e of lt'.'irectilnlive vesterrlar,
J1' n Hi Msi,). 'loin the t'ommlfe on
J; t.iii .r uported abill r.rlhoai'polnt-
I'i iii-iu with the adttre and couunt
1 -i, of a 1 oiniiiiiiioii uf three t-ersons. lo
t. 1 ,uu ''rs, iinlcsi their duties shsll
.tier iM'ioiiitiliibed, wnn are to inrrsti
is 'las 11, j u r rhe nsfes and hours of Isbor,
I'it vim of tne joint or oHts of labor aud
'"i tie lahcrrr and the capitalist, and
1 ii'itionil ai.d amitary condition of the
J''' 1 1 1 .e, ol the United Htitrs, and mow bow
s -i 11, rtieileit y eiiilini; laws regulating
J" 1 i re, nnd currenry The ('ommttiiuu-
r-sr. 1, eittta 1 talarr ul 3.KI eieh, and may
rk And they shui leport the remit of
.1 -iifiuon to the I'issldint, to b by htm
M.''i,' 'o''t'ie.a
fitu t 'd 11 make the bill 1 special order
"in the Mih of .lanu irv.
fi i"i...n,N Y I ol.jert to thlt.
J1 hii-.. 11, m In 1 1- -u do I
'Aii Vrr, till then: I mote 11 put till
a T
w to-'. '"i-n feu I by the Clerk, Mr Kttn
It. V lh'
r",K,tr "n" "nU in-nfrom Maiuchmetti
y1" r aim gy rut LAiuiuNO ainii
I I1' "I 1 i .iui and iltonte
.i.. 1, e ,i tin Biiiinrt, nsa
understood, wonld recelr. the almost nnanlmoni ap
probation of the House. It wsa well known that
Irom all parla of the country and of ths clrlliaed
world there went no a cry of discontent from Hie
laboring cltsses. In other countries those classes,
or a portion or them, gorernedt In tnls country
that wire the Stale itsslf. The other claa.ea In this
country were, In coTpsrlson with the Mooring
cissies, so tew and unimportant, that It was not loo
much to sir that they might be left out In consider
ing the question, who are the persona whose will
should determine the policy of the country, and for
whole heoent that policy ilionl l be divided. It
was bring urged, not only by aglttlor and malcon
tents, hut br a large and Increasing number of the
Isbollng classes, tut the eilitlng Institutions and
laws 01 this country on the subject of the tirllT. the
flnineee, the rmrency, and taxation, tended more
and more to give to i-aplHI an undue share of the
Joint profits or the results of labor and capital, end
lo deprive labor of Its due and proper share,
tub urjTT or ooNongst.
Ti-e first I'titt of legislators In regard to soch
ronibliithl was lo prottle for ft thoiough, exact, and
riirulsr ascertainment of the tact I mig. lu ought not
to be irrjld ol light, for no abuse wat su great,
no dsrktiesa su oroKmnd. no prejudice to Intense,
a to tequire ongresi to corer It Willi n tell or lo
tear to let the pjnt In on It. The cure for most so-
isl ns well as for most physlcil diseases was not
mriliclne, but light. Let the sick be brnngit Into
the sunlight iin I they would get well. He did not
Pi tre the bill on the Judgment or teconimendillon
of the Commute alone. The slight expenditure
propoied was due tn the Judgment of the labotlng
men Itiouitritee. 1 hu labor party of Ills oan stile
lut summer hsj recommend"!) the lisigj of this
very bill, and hid, nlthonslt polltlfsliy opposed to
the llepublion pirir. expresse I Hi gratification
and respect lot lhat partr In consequence ol Its giv
ing attonlton to this matter.
Till INTKRIATtONALS A!D Tilt CoMUl'MHTS.
The (Irand International Assoentlon ot Working
men, an orgviiiiuon which trrvaded liurope, and
which was raaatng lis voice heard and Us power
lilt everywhere, had also asked of Congress Il ls
sprclsl measnre. Hr was not competent to expresi
nn opinion on thft Interesting historical question of
the Commune. Of the events which took place In
I'arls last lummor the other aide of the story bad
not beru hctrdt but one thing waa known, that
inert was a cause In existence and nn object lo vie w
which bad led those working people in f'arlt, young
men and young women In tne morning or life, not
merely from the Ignorant or oppressed cIs.mii, but
from the lst.es of culture, or family ties, In some
cases of wealth, to go dowo to their deaths calmly,
heroically, cheerfully as ever a bridegroom went lo
his marriage feast; and ho did not believe that a
cause which had Inspired such herolim was a cause
which was not entitled to the respect of Americans
everywhere. The Internstlonal Allocution ol Ku
ropein and American Worklntmeu had a title lo re
tpect for havlr.g eetabllihed a relationship and ree
ognlid a kindred among the men of all attioni,
growing out of
lag could pond or LAurjn,
greater, more powerlul, more binding than any
mere national ettachrntnt or than any tie connecting
Ibe subject with the soterelgn. America was tne
last nation lhat ougnt to be ungrstelul for that sob
lime accomplishment. In the darkest days of the
late civil war. when tho governlni classes of Kng
Isnd would have been gild to have Joined the
French Emperor In recogulilng the Houthern Con
federacy. they were only prevented doing 10 bv the
angry growl from the workiogmen of Lancashire,
saying to tht Knglish Uorcrument, "We love the
woikior.tr.so of .Noun America a great deal bttler
we sre more nearly allied In Interest and feeling lo
them thin we are to the ariitocrary of England, and
although we Late borne many thinge from you, one
thing wo will not bear, that you ahall array the
power and the might of England against the cause
in which those American workingnun areengsged
lie 11, -1J 111 his h mil the general ruiei and aJuiluis
trit.vc regulations of tho
1NTIASAII0NAL tVUkklMakgS'j ASSOCIATION
adojtsd In Loudon last October by the dslsgiles.
romprehendlna; the lei Iin; minds from all the
Cltlllxeri nations of the woild. Among other
things ther expressed a desire that an Inquiry
should be Instituted in each locality where branches
or their association existed, and that there snjuld
be coOptiatlon, upeclail) In the United Maloa, In
ascertaining the fids which the pending bill re
qn.red to 0- aarerlasned. I to deslro 1 to avoid any
thing II.. t 11, ui.d ticltr political antagonism This
ws a qu-s linn whether the daily ll'o of millions of
Anuricani toul.l be made better. It was
a gigstl'iM too 1 a 11 roa raitTT,
too fined to .iu mingled with the petty schemes or
I iie prtt) urubltlon of mere politicians.
.Mr. I)AWg (Kip. kin. silt ho did not ri- lo
debsle the merits of the measure so nioe'i as to ex
press hie rerrcl tnst It bsd nut arressd tne etien
fion tt ,la dl.ltnentsheJ rri'-n t rrom Indlsns (Mr
Kerr), and that tail gentleman ahould hate made e
motion hieh would put the meiiure forever lo
steep. lie IhO'Jt'it it would slso hive been belter if
nis'rl,. i from Lew York (Mr Wood) had been
wd ng to let the bill be a ipeciat order. Tho.e gen
tlcrieu did not auem ao innrh to complain of Iho
particular measure as not mretmt the object de
sired ss to be opiHiaed lo roiisldsrlnz It at ait. and
ti.at was his request. Ho did cot desire tu Inll.nato
that on tnal queitloti they repreituled the party to
which they bel juged, for he uU not Hunk they did.
TUB flRkAT QPgSTIOI OT coOrgrtATtos,
w) Ich was deieloptug lu If to suciessfully In other
rouiitrii-s and was being ihtrodi,ce I into tuts coun
try, dit not seem lo have ailraeied the attention uf
em r of his distinguished friends, who drsiied to
brush the whole thing aar. or put It to sleep He
hoted that bis friend from Indiana terr) ituuld see
It to le within the line of lit doty to withdraw His
motion lo lay the bill nn tne table, and e.ther con
sent to hating a a. ngle day set aptrt lor Its cousld
eratlou or e!u permit its psistgo it tins II ne
II r Hosr next yielded the llaor to Mr Shinlrs,
bat sir Kgnn roie and sild: The atitrments raude
on the other side have been so extraordinary and
so nnjust and fallacious In all respects, that ne. on
this side ol the House, ought lu bare at kin in
opportunity to answer litem.
Hr llnAil The gentleman from InJIana deilrti
lo hate the bill laid on the lab'e, and thus illiiiuiej
of without inv debate at ill. Tnst Is the onl nun
tfestilion of deitre that that gentleman hia shown
about It; and If the gentleman will now .gr,e to
take the qii'.tton on this bill at any Biol nour to
morrow, I Mil content lo dino ths time with tse
gentlemen tin tail side of the fion.e.
air blKuit I will agree to nothing. I have titeu
attacked b) the gentleman 'io n Jla.t ichu.uu- illr.
Hoar) and his rnl.ejgue vMr. Iltss.) I ttani lo
anawir thcni. and I am entitled In snawer them.
Mr. bit a ski tliep Ind romaiked ttiat he had.
lait Monday, intioUicea a bill to eitiblish a bureau
of li'ior. tie belieted the time hid come when the
relations between libor and rapdal mould ne invrs
llzated and regulated. lie favured the pcndnu bill,
though he prelerred his own measure. The cdic of
tnn American people hal gone forth that the legis
latlve dcpartniei.t slioul t tilie care of laoor, en I see
that H sli anil act be wronged by the capital of thu
r iiin'.ry He Iherelore Hoped that the bill would
tan.
Mr Kr.LLir (Hep I'i.i. exprtsred gratitude tu
Ur lkar lor luviu; btuualil the su.ijecl belore the
Home. The failuto iu adopt such a liieuuri had
deprived England or her nalloiul prestige and
threatened her with a revolution. It was the fall
urn of the French Imperial UoverDiucnt lotecug
nize this question that had
Lionrsn rwr ria or mi comuvnr.
It was the failure to recognize Ihli question that
had arra)edtle young mon of (iermsny and of
Europe lu rosull'.y to church and throne I'arlia
ment.iry Inquiry In Euclaud showed that among
the laboring people of lhat country a majority was
in want of Leallhtul and sufficient food from year to
year It ai for want of recognizing tnls question
that England ivut becoming a land of drunkenneis,
lie held, therefore, lhat Congress should authorize
the appointment of tbu proposed Commis
sion. This (Joteriimont could not t fiord to
penult ths Isborlug people of any portion
ol tne country to fall lulo the condition of the la
boring people ol England, France, Amtrla or Hal
gtum.
tub rtcsa or Tin nniAT cprisino.
Mr bTimii iDtm I'a.) exprei.ed his remt that
any opposition hid been mvJn to the btil. He ro
gardid It limply as providing for an Investigation.
I he isboilng clstsei were rising up in renellion
Skilmtthe system of clasi legislation. It was the
enactment of unjust aud uueiual laws that had ar
med the labonug cluasoi ol th. country lu opposi
tion to the capital ol the couutrv; and lie waa In
favor of an investigation that would go to show
that this (loternmrnl, In the enactment of Its
tariff laws and In trie giving away of the public
lands, and In ILs national banking sy.tem, tin been
loclilat.ng against the interesis of the laboring
cliitet, and in lavor of the cipiulliu. He wni not
willing that on thli qnestton tee Itepubllcun aide it
the House should steal all the thunder. Ho thought
Ma frlrnds on his own side of the House the
Democrats should put tbemssltes square on the
record In the matter.
The morning Lour having expired. Mr. Hoan re
marked that his purpose was that there should bt
such debate on the hill as thu llouso destraj. lie
would not move the previous question for at least
an hour
Jlr Hanks (Hip Mas.) moved to amend th bill
bv requiring the three Commissioners tu be appoint
k.1 rrom civil life
ilr KlLLiwun (Hen I'a.) also moved an amend
mint requiring that at least on. of ths Commission
ers shall be pnelically tdtuiiOsd with the mining
interests of the country.
Tne bill sud amendments were ordered to he
"s'asiiimotom Dee. 11 -The bill will pais when a
tots Is reschen. although there li oppoiltiou
In It on thu partol iome of the Democracy, nho
(ear thlt It may be used to ll.e ber cat of the Itspub
lican parly 'III. House will concur tu Mr ILnk.1
amendment to pro iiblt any army 01 natal oOctr
from being pst on tie Ouimisilon.
Tba Ilrlllah (Jotcrnincul and thp lulerun.
Ilonnle.
(.oxbow, Dec 13. The Hritish Foreiev ItTico
has itnl inli unions fo sll it. sgenti tbroad to in
tratig.'t tne orginitilmn of the various Dranchrs
0' tin Inierniuonsl hoolsty In ths countries to
wl.icu u.sy ir retpscltvsly tccrsdlttJ, snd report
lo thi Uotirnmml
A not ker ('r ials In .Haln,
Miurid, Ilea U Tnsre u s minor that a
Mini -'2i is r 1 11 j v n, tad lllal s J iio.u
tisu 01 tht Cane. U uua, i.iat
iallllllHIEkiEllililililillililililiilil
T11ET1IHEI5 BROKEN BANKS.
1111: 1:1a 1IT11 KATIOXAL ASD VKIOX
SUVA nr. fivsritNDKU.
The I'nn'e thnt I'ollotred thai Itiirallnt ot
lire hliiyvesnnt and Ibe (Iceitn The
F.lahlh'e .Honey Tied Do la Kent Eilale
tolon Arlnntaa ripecsitntlons
Ycsterdav morning banking- and financial cir
clet were startled hr Announcement of the failure
of the Eighth National Dank, as also by the subte.
qutnt suspension of the Union Square National
the latter of which II was expected would make
sitlifactory arrangements for effecting It) clear
ances, notwlthstindlngthe (set that the Ocean Hank
was no longer a member ol the Clearing House As
sociation. Ibe last weekly exhibit of the Eighth
Nstlona) was canvassed, and the amount of dipoilts
on handIonnd to be less than J150.0W belnx much
less In fact turn those of any other bank belonging
lo the Association. Tho first eftect of slsrin wis
consequently In a degree counteracted among bank
officials, because the Eighth National was a email
bank.
A caraful Investigation Is In progress, the purpose
being to weed out all Insolvent banking Institutions
controlled In any degree by the Clearing House
regulations. It Is probable thlt other weak banka,
which Lave been struggling along for iome months
with a heavy load of unmarketable securities, will
be obliged to piss Into Ilecelvers' bands, bnt a ma
jority of the city bsnka are In excallsnt financial
condition so tint no apprehension of a rnn upon
those Institutions now enjoying nndoubled credit,
need be feared. The excitement thus far haa been
almost exclusively confined lo the officials repre
senting the Aisoclsted Uanki of the city, and their
determination to withdraw luoport (rom all Insol
vent Institutions la a keslthful sign lor thelulute
financial liability of the Association.
vita nxaiNKixo or tni otoim.
Yesterday morning the officers ol the Union
s!qoirc National Hank denied that the Institution
hid failed, aud said that Hit bank was solvent aud
unembarrassed, and that the rumor had doubtless
arisen from the future of the Ocean Hank, which
forfeited tht clearances of the Union Hqusre Iiiok
1 he depositors or tht Union (Square Hank, notwlth.
standing the assertions of the efficers, gave full
credence to Hit rumor of (allure, and Ibe moment
the doors were opened atjlQ o'clock yesterday morn
ing, a dozen or more men and bore presented
eheeka to the raying Teller, who readily honored
them. Conspicuously posted In view of all entering
the bank were these notices:
This bint does not lost a dollar by tht failnrt of
lbs derail Hank."
The 8b e and Leather Dank are now our Clearing
Home agents."
a lmrtir.
As the morning wore on the nnmber of csllers for
money larressed. and a circuitous line of young
meu, old men, aud boa, check In band, was formed
Irom the paring teller's window around the bank
ing room. The recetrlng teller stood Idly at his
post, lletond the occasional turning of Ibe pages
uf the bank's lodgers, the snapping ot the bills ss
ther quickly pissed through the teller's hands while
that odcial counted out tee required amounts, and
the ebutrllng or feel one man took his depsrture
and the line moted up, wts all that was heard. Oc
casionally one clerk whispered to another, ny and
by the higher officers msde thslr sppearance, and
laid s.lde thilr halt and otrrcoats In the 1'resideui'.
and Dim tors' room an elegmtly Inrntibtd apart
ment In tho rear of the bank. a
tvatni it iticcc.
With hsndi deep In thelrpoekels these gentlemen
occsslonally prised through the bank and glancing
at Ibe long line exUndlng from the pttlnc tellers
desk, retired to the I'resldcnt's room aud hurried
cunsulallous were held Msanwnile the paying
teller with Ms usual business air connled over the
notes, snd as be pissed over the rrqulred smounls,
extended his bsnd for tho next check. Hi lb rolls
ol I auk notes varrint In amount front f i'iO to l&'K),
1, ISO, SI.SUO. iH.liSI, and t'J.fcW. the callers ha. thy
turned and went Iroul the bauk with a self satisfied
air, raying 00 boed whatever toothers In the line.
iNasr 0.lbeai taiiae at Sim eatrena end or She Hoe
glanced anxiously totvsrd lb tli.a lelUr, and av
ers! stepped on tip lot in a vain effort 10 look over
tne de-k mid see how much money the paying teller
bad I'p tu talf past lo'cloik the taller had paid
out about 4 J,OX). 1 ben the lunds gave out.
rut CRAtn.
At this time a dozen or more persons who were
In the line were politely requested by the teller to
ttslt a few mom nt, as the bank expected more
money Irom uown tuou. A few others now dropped
In. check In hand, and all patiently awaited tne arri
val of the messenger who was to come with addi
tional (nnds, They whispered to each other, and
leaned against the counter, standing Erst on one
(not, then on the other. Tluee or four began
smoking clgsrs. The bank officers gloomily walked
bacgwsrd and forward, and held brief conversi
ons. Soon the Hon. H It, Uulbnrd, Comptroller of
the Cnrrenry. entered the bank, and was introduced
to the iifflreri. Then a demand was made upon the
1'rssldent, but the bank being unable to pay the re
quired uinouol, a formal application was made to
.Mr. Ilnlburd for the appointment of a receiver
The necessary papers having been prepared, Mr
Ilulburd atpolnied Ilr. II. F. lleekman, a retired
merchant, as receiver, and Mr IJeekmaa at unco
took cnurge of the concern.
what trig orncins 11 tn gxrtCTio to so.
In an Interview with Vice President F. -M. lllxbr
snd II. T. Hrumlie, cashier, the t-L'N reporter
ltirned that the I'mou rsquare Hank bad not lost a
dollar by the (a. uro ot the Ocian lima. Mr Iliiby,
.1 1 o'clock, was very coufident. He said they had
made arrange 1 nl with the shoe sud Leather llauk,
and did nut expei.1 lo stop.
At precisely u'cIock the plate g!aa wlodowa
lo front of the paying ana receiving lulleri were
cloii-d, and the iLUltilude that had been walling
went uitay unpaid. Vice-l'reaiutht llixby furnished
tht Sum reporter with the following uxiiiblt:
CXdll,
Iilin dliconnied tlio.ov; 01 Iteal eitite. Ac... $1.3.11 is
I .A. bunds brood mm leaiin llou.e fe!.30l XT
II in t iuck I.' iu 00 I'rnnt and loii ll.uxjsj
Mamns lOitr'cyi. l.tKf it C"llairal acc't.. lb.,0) no
Kxpi-.itc 1..JJ3 'v Huiioj items le.MM
(milium. Mil lt
fliW.
Cli-ltll f .00 090 oo.circulttlon IM.OOOOo
HliCotint Irti.laJ IliDepotlll iJS.OiS 05
An aiialym of II, me figures circa the following
mull
f licnlallon IWO-O
U. tt. uoc lo it uure do Ol.Vh)
Other Audi anil LtaMilii:
lani, Ac llfJ.OM sinner Html aud
liana Hock U no-' llanipi 117,100
Ileal eitsle 3.411
Collaterals, acc nt.. lv.l'i lotal
Dcpliati XIM.61J
AN LMIATISI ACT01IT II AU1SATIO.V.
The Bun reporter lesrncd that an arrangcmantliad
brt-ii perfocled with the bboe and Leather llauk tu
riled the clearincea of the Union Squire
Hank, and tnat the Khoe and Leather had
yelttrday morning so Informed all the
all er banks In the Clearing Home Associa
tion. Dunug the 11. orpine, honever, an investiga
tion hating been made Into the afiilra uf the Union
Square, which proved unsallsfactnrr, I'lcsldeut
riiodt. of the Hhoe and Leather Hank, personally In
formed the other banks that they would not attend
In the Clearing House business of thu Uulon Square
llauk
Ai 3 o'clock the doors ol tht Uoloq bquare Hank
twr clest-d lo the public.
rut giatttn national's siirxxaio.v.
The Eighth Natioiiel Hand auspemU-d payment
res'erdav morning, and lias tlncu patted into the
hinds ol a receiver This bank is at IVVI llroad.
tta),aud ttHa urgauized under the Niilionnl lljtik
I in Isw, with a cupitai of J'ifHi.unu it, preicni
1 mcera ires Union Adams. I'rrf mint; t h.irlrs
llu ron, Uaahler John Fowler, Jr Nolar) Union
Adams, C. U. Cornell, Henry Stnltn. (tehrge Catil
fltld, Mallby (1. Lane, Thomas Mrl.oiliiul, John
Fowler, Jr., Wtlliaui VtaJe, AlTioi 1'. Couklin, Dl
leclore, Cmirles (1, Cnriicll, the Water Iliglster In tho
Department of I'ublic Wotks, Is an inilinato (rieud
of Mr Tttred.
(Jeurg Liu. flrld li a prominent Tammany poll
ticlan of tho rlev nteentn Ward, and haa enjoyed
lucrative contracts und-r the King reign.
T10 hL reporter louud .it the li.nk yesterday
morning many deuositora panlng In and out, ill
muring about the c.inilllion of tnu Institution, Mr,
Cnsrles Hudson, the rnshler, stood In iront of the
counter aud received rttch persona as uesircd more
th.ui the notice of suspension, Mr. Hudson was
evidrnlly pained at the course which air, Irs lud
taken, and to those who tailed on him ho explains 1
(he situation tilth gravity. Tu the ruporirr, how
ster, the ysulloman though courteous was uot dis
tosod lo be coiuinuulcallve Ttie statement glten
biiow, gluancd from various aourcts, it htlleved to
ne Co-net.
WHAT TAILH) TI1X BAkK,
I Mr Iliidann 'ell confident that the bank would
pay everv dollar ol ,'S deposits, Mr Adams ssid
the tame. Mr Ilufson sild that the Immodiale
cause nf the suspension i the refutsl of the Na
tional Hn leu er' and Drovers' llauk, by whlcu th.
Eighth National hsi been represented In the Clear
ing llnute, lo redeem Us clircas, snd tlist ss soon
si Ihey learned of this scllon they suspended, snd
were not receiving or paring deposits. Mr. Hudson
said tint lbs relusal of the Hatchers' and Drovers'
futllier lo rsdsem for them wis probably occasion
ed by ths failure or the Ocean Hank. He adJed
tnst since tht failure of th ttitiyieanl Hank, dlt
Iruat ol many btuts In the neighborhood had beon
nunlfcttod, ind tbil many had withdrawn thslr de
(oiltt. Ths (tours of Hit Ilottflng Ureen ind the
tlusrdian, ano Hit temporary su'ptnslon of the Ns
ttooil Savluts Ilink, hkd nulghtent.l Ihi ftellug of
ipprcbestiot imong depoiltora, snj tht rtsult hid
butt a continued drtll ucja His I u u I s ot the bank,
During the reporter's presence In the btnk. Oir
arler the bllllsrd-player, entered with Mr Joseph
atraust Irom the Foilce Cenlrsl Ofllce. Mont. (Jar
nler receited payment M a gold draft of li, Irom
Frsnce, which he deposited In tht bank for collec
tion on Chicago, three week) ago.
Till pgrOIITOll MOT ALAOMIP.
The feeling among depositors, o ft as the re
porter's ubservatlon ettonde. Is one of security.
With rtre etreptions, the almost cotfldsnce was
felt in the management ot Mr. Adama, who was al
luded lo at a gentlemen of ability and undoubted
honor. Tollce Commissioner Smith deposited f"O0
In the bank on Tuesdsy. Tht reporter vltlted the
gentleman, hoping lo obtalu tome Information
Mr. rjnillh thought that a legitimate business had
been done, but he had no Intimate knowledge wl at
iter of the mtnsiemenl of the bonk. Ha said tint
slrlend, whom he called "Mr. Iteeves," pot a retl
drill of thlt elly, had recently deposited tK.OOOIn
tne bank. He had asked Mr. Hmlth where to put
It, Mr. Bmlth thought the Eighth as good as any
other place, ind Mr Iteeves had placed bla money
thtro. Mr. btnlth said that be had not had an ac
count there himself for a year until he opened an
account bv making on Tuesday the deposit referred
to, (tiling In," as bt 11I1I, "jVt tn ttmt,"
AN ATTZSTtTI DIRECTOR.
The reporter conld hardly rtconclte tho Commis
sioner's Irnorance with the affairs of the bank
with his position as a Director, until he was Inform
ed at the bank thst Mr. Umllli never attended tho
meetings of the Hoard. It Is said that tbt Ntllonsl
Havings Ilink dsposllel with tho Eighth National.
Police Commlsloner Manlerre and Inspector Dllka
were depositors In Hit bink, Tbo mijorlty ot.lll
depositors were irndostnen and mcrcliinls doing
business near tht banking house,
Mr. II I'. I'errin, l'retident of tht National
Hoteliers' and Drovers' Hank, of IX Ilowery, aald
that since Ha formation tho Eighth Nations! had
exrhanged throuelt the Hoteliers' and Drovers'. The
relations between the two banks were always ami
cable, and the account of tht Eighth was always
ktol op. nntll tht (tllure of the ftuyveiant. When
the btuyvessnl went down, Mr. Adsms went to Mr.
I'errin and said that a feeling of dlitrust of
all banks In that part of the city had sprung op,
and ti nt the Eighth wss feeling it. The lluichora1
snd Drovers' exteuJed some assistance to the
Eighth. As tnt other banks went down or ins
pemled, the feeling Indicated grew stronger, and
the Eighth suffered more. More aid was extended,
This asslstanca virlel from (13.000 or $IS.ono lo
115.000, which last amount Is an 'approximate
total ol the Eighth Nillonal'a Indebtedness to the
Uutchers' and Drovera'. secured laid Mr. I'errin,
two to one" br collaterals tsksn at various timet,
including United btalss bondi and otUer stocks
and bonds.
now int raiLVRi was rngciriTATio.
It wss Ihbutht that tbe Eighth would get along.
The bank excitement was subsiding, and buslosss
In the banka which hid auffersd iohiMh; by the
run, was returning to a normtl condition; but on
receiving; notice of tht Clearing Horn action In
lutcending the Ocean flank a meeting of tht Di
rectors of the Hoteliers' and Drovera' was held, and
It waa determined to atop clearing for Ihe Elthtb.
Mr I'errin expressed Lis belief that the Eights had
beenmanaged with perfect honesty, and thstltconld
tay Hi dtposllors In fall but that tbt action of tbt
utcbera' ind Drovera' wat tht tole course indicated
by boslness eipedlsncy ss one to pursue for Ha
own prottctlon.
From other tourcei the reporter lesrned that
much of the Elibtb'a money Is tn real etlste, which
cannot advantageously be turned Into cash. Under
toe first management of the bank, It It nld. were
accumulated a variety of aiseli which Included
mining ttockt and oilier nndeilrable securities,
i oste were converted, on the opening of Mr,
Adsms's admlnlitration, by wait waa than tht best
tirnii, Into rial estate. This nropsrty Is said to
eonitil of the bolldlag at G50 Ilroadway, and the
building occupied by Urooki Urobilin tn Union
iquare. An approximate valuation of tno two Is
fsOO.UJO. Tne bank istaldto owe Its depositors
about JMO.Iioj. The last exhibit of the bank, on
Maiordav, showed Its legal tender as.sls to be (IU,
VUU. and lie circulation Its llsbilitles
td dsposltors were given at ISt,4W.
WHAT THE Tl'TntM's gAILCRC PID.
The bank lied on deposit bsfort tht failure of tht
Htnyvessnt about tltXX).0. Tn Immense draft
sbown, conpled with tne fact that so large a pro
portion of the btnk's aesoli .Is in real property,
doub'less expiilns the failure, whloa was unexpec
ted to Lesrly every une Interested,
II Is also said, on seemingly good authority, thit
Mr. Union Adtma Oril took tht Union Squire prop
erty snd attempted to run the Maiaon D0100 that
he also stent luto other real estate speculations ex
ceeding his persoual mesne that by tbo deprecia
tion ol property and unfortunate or III Judged ten
lore., he hers me. Involved, ted lhat t banV
kelped l.lm out. U he tier tuts la true remains tu ha
pruted but the reporter wis yetierditreninformed.
The Comptroller of Ihe Currency visited Hie bsnk
earl) In tho morning, and at uuce took charge. A
meeting ot the Directo-s ta as held early in me erter
noon. A quotum was prcssnt, snd the sffalrs of
Ibe bank siere const lered with closed doors, The
mint 1 of Hit abstnt Directori -Mr. Hudson declined
to give, luting that the bank hid pased lato tho
hsnds ol a recelter. namely Mr Albon Man. That
gentleman handed to tne reporter tht lol'owlug
notice
tci mriivik'a annouxcc wtxr.
Ihe Immediate occstlon of ibe tuapenilon of the
Rlthih National Ilink tn Ihe refuiil 01 tti agent to
continue tedi nipiljne through trie Clearing llou.e 111
aiiet- being n. t availaaie lor turn prompt realization
ss tn ths pre-enl unsettled feeling ol Ihe public wn
required.
It 11 hoped lhat tbe deposltorswlll be paid In full. A
statement will be prepared al the earlioit moment pos
sible, Mr. Msn was already at work, assisted by a staff
of clerks, who were impeding and counting the
cash and securities In the vault, ur ttorklag busily
over tbe books.
Tnt OCktN BANC.
Theodore M. Davis, who was appolntel the re
ceiver uf the Ocean Hank on Tuts lay afternoon, en
tered upon tils duties early yesterday tuornlnr. and
was for several hours closeted with the bank officers
t'isictning the aaiels and llablllllea. Mr Ditisirs
terdiy afternoon gave a M'n reporter tl.e (ol. owing r
MMIlflM.
Hue ti banks Sits Its Si
Hue in rutldend w-ll.3i,otl J?
CeruCeJ t-hrcst 31 0.5 10
Tutsi tl MwSYl
J-osne .ilH.fn it
III. la iii.eounled I Kl.l.v ,'t
Margin nn I nited --istet hond depoaited it
tVaahinzton to itcurt clicuiauou ITiJtis 00
Itondt an 1 1 lock SMVatu 71
Itonde and morti-agri to. tie ro
Ileal e. late S15,t"( t.s
t uruuure aud fixittrrt ti 13
Total 5.U7 01
The siiotints of Mr Callrndrr have not vet been
examined bv Mr list 11. but Ihe) ale believed In lie
coned. Mr Dsvis is unablo to lorni nuy opinion
about tne dlseountod bills, amounting tu 1,121,
PJ0 3I but save that probably the) are good. Mr
Davis la not the counsel ol the bank.
An evening timsparer aa)si Mr bhrrldao Miook,
who had about f 10,l)ilepo.Hed In tho Orcau Hank,
ill. covered very suudealy on Tuesdsy thai his check
lor tlUI did not command th money. Mr hbook,
however, expietisd tbe opinion lull the bank will
reenver.
Tim Shipowner (iolnir for Ibe Harbor
Itlnstcre.
At a mretinir of Ilia Shipowners' Association
yesterday, the Joint Committee on behalf of th Vet
el Ownen' and C'aptilna' Aisoetatlon and of tbe
bhlpowners' Aeeoclallon, lo whom waa referred tht
question of how belt to reform the abuse! existing
under the present Hsrbor Waiters' system, recom
mended a total abolition of the preient s) stem of
Hsrbor Masters as both Illegal and unnecessary,
and that the entire control and managomcnt of the
docks, as well as lbs movements of the vessels using
them, be placed under tho directions of Ihe Dock
Commissioners, and remain free of all expense to
Ihe eMnplng. except tho proscribed tonnage. The
Co'iimltlee hIso recommended thst all officers np
pointed beroanrr to atlenJ to the berthing snd
motiog of vessels lu aud about tbe docka ahall
have been ablpmssters, who shall have clearing
office certltlcsles uf tool standing from the tihlp
luiiili'ra' At. delation of New York, ur tnst Hit np.
polnteo shall bo a regularly licensed pilot ol Ihe port.
Why uot bend tlu-se rstvlndlrra lo Hlute
FrUoii f
Win. 8. Mann deposited (185 in the Stiijvesant
Hank two Loate alter Ua suspicion, and now seeks
lu ihe Kupirmu Court to havo It returned to him
from Ihe ri-celvcr. It appeared that after the sus
pension deposita were taken, tomo of which nern
Placed in li. general funds ot tho bauk wberuivuh
to pay checks of lavored depoiltora, while other
deposits were placed tn separate envelopes with th
name of the depositor tnarkod tlierson. Mann's
money was paid out to other dsootltors, and tlioru
(ore it was cla'tned on Ihe ptrt of the receiver Inst
It slioijld uot he reluuUed, Ihongh the bank at thn
tlmo of Ut rrcelpthad suspended. Judge Caidozu
restrted his declslou.
Or, llrlinbold (lono lu Kurope,
'toi ras urns Jiiuuuit,
Last trcck Dr. Ilelinbold, with his beautiful
wife, ncrompanlcd by Miss (Ireanough, sailed In Hi 11
steamer Algeria for Europe, Ur, and Mrs. Ilslm
bold lake Willi thoin their Hire children and mild
servant, T hey Intend nUcing the ch.ldren al echoni
somewhere ou the Continent, after which Mrs.
Ilelinbold and Miss tlreenough wl.i make a short
lour, tt Ith the Idea of eeelng the mint places of
note. The trip, It li hoped, will be beiisDclsl to the
doctor'! health, hie urCuous labori Jurlng the put
lew yt'urs having romewli.it shatlerij hli nervous
system and Impaired his coiisiltutiin lis will re
turn to America luward the latter part of next
month 'lh. parly were wlthel iot i'0((io on
board the Algeris by tbslr rslatlvet an I a large
number of friends,
The W.-ilflrld Jury Amtlit lUnglig fire,
Tho too'iiiil trial of (lie cast ot tin Jsne I
Midden sgt the Halen Island Kunrosd Curapsuy, I
to recover tB.fefrO ror Ihe lots ol her disband, Dsptuy
Sheriff Msdden, by the WeelOsId explneiou, was
Bo the ycstcrlsy afternoon Us It) a lite hour the
lury had not reached a verdict, J
THE THREE GREAT RINGS.
CltOICK KXTItACTS FltO.V THE COL.
vmxs or riiK x. r. timkx.
The flrenf Htreenr Tribe-Tit Crenlrr
Tweed C'leu-The (Irenloat (Irani Family
-Hard Fact ler tbe People tn Dlge.t
Dotvn with T yranay and Corruption I
ITmes, Oct. at, JImri, Du. 8 Times, Oct 31,
TnaawtiiT Tilt osakt Thlnt ma TwaiD
I.-Ulvseee S. TaiBt.
I. I'eter TI. Grant, I'reitdonl. 1 wniism u
IniilV i..Tk!'" 1 '-I!'" Tweed,',Co.ml.:
stoncroi laiKs. Oram, I'rcsldent's sioner ot I'obtlo
II. John J, fatner, i'ottmss- Vorki.
In'lVw citvUbam: k" CoT""on' II. Illchard
heiisin rivS.7i r' Tweed, brother of
Trliram W ..111. -The Pet. tin Hoit, Aiici
ini "tralVt-tttZmu M- Cramer, sor.
i?orn,r".Dd.r:d0m8 ftgft"' Tn'S'. 1 Wll,lm
Senator. ter io iMnmar King, broitie -tn.
III. OeorseT l u"mrl(' law. lazcommis
nr.i U. hiifi,!, IV,-Drntet atoner.
o''nlVViworre' gj, "tf;,&nf; 1 V. trili.sm n.
ctdlng, Second b,0,h'.J rTn CiSw Kmg.Jf .nephew.
Auditor ol Cttr,uSon,i of Artu' U'Pa'y bommia
Aecounte. leTn'e of iho'll. ''00"rtr. l'M,t
.IV. James M.lccst military sec
Sweeny, brother retaues si the v. Wlllltra M,
of I'eter II,, Clerk tt hilt Home. Tweed. Jr.. ion,
ot Supreme urt. v rinr vc Assistant District
I0?,"' C""3" DrVrVOTenC.' A,'"7','
btruln. brother In-law VI. Alfred
V. William A. Appralier oicul- Tweed, ion. Clerk
Henry, brotnrr-ln lorni, ban Fran- Mm th Dltirict
Isw, Auditor of c ico. Court,
AST?n' VI.-Jno.Dant
VI. Thomas J Prostlent'i broth
Itarr.uneie, I'olice er-in-lsw, raolu
Commiteiontr, live Inotin trader
In New Mexico 1
place worth
something los
tbsn II00,(OT.
TII.-Aiexan.
dert-nsrpe Presi
dent's brolher-ln-lw,
Marshal uf
the District of
Columbia,
VIII. -Jamits
r, Casey, ITeil-
dent's wile's
brother in law,
Co lector ot the
fori orjw.or.
lesht aod elec
tioneering agent
for tbe rrnorutna
Hon of Grant Dy
mesns ol (lolled
Slates soltlers
and usUlogtuni
IX. -Blliillod-on,
i'rriidentl
comm. Minister
to Quattmalt,
X. -Ortaodo II.
(loss. 1'resldeat's
cousin, clerk la
Third Auditor's
office. Welling
ton, XI. -reter Ca
sey, rrcslilent's
wife's brntbrMn.
law's btotbrr.
I'ostmsster at
Vicksburg.
XII. -8 T,
l.amhert. M. D.,
I'residsm's sec
ond coualn. (!e.
ceiver o( I'ublic
Moneys, tilrmpla,
w.T.sald to he
a defaulter, but
retained in ofllce
by nta coutio
XIII. -Alex,
anderrlharpe. JrM
I'reetdeni's wife's
nephew, cadet at
Annspolla.
XIV. -Prede
nc Dent tltant.
rrceident's son,
eecond (demon
ant Fourth Caval
ry 1 gone to Eu
rope on shsm ser
vice on staff of
tne General of tbe
Army.
Attaal. Ly Ihe Crarotllcla ou tbo Herman
Ambassador.
I-okpon, Dec. 18. A special despatch to tho
London Standard (rom bt. Petersburg tayt that
-rtsterdsy lb Otarovltch Alexander became In.
TOlved In a prliste alsputa with the Prince d
Iteuss, tho Minister ol tbe Herman Empire (0 litis
sis. Tho psssioua of both ttero aroused, and tho
Ciarovltcb so (sr forgot blmielf as to make a per
sons! a.ssult on tbo Ambassador. Friends Inter
fered, and lh parties wrro separated. Much ex
citement Is caused by tbo uutoward Incident, aod it
Is Irsred lhat the conn queccs may tie grate, al
though there Is no reason to apprehend any Inter
ruption or the good relation, between Kussla and
(lermany, ss the qusrrel Is belieted to be Vtholl) of
a private or social character.
Our Military Despotism,
lb (as Rtitoref Ito&un.
StR 1 Having teen my name in WeJncsdaj's
8 cm in relation to the Iraurtso nment of Mr. J. W
Drowning, In which Mr. Drowning ears I am tho
Instigator of his arrest, Ac I trust yon will permit
me to deny thit I hire been In anr way connected
wit Mr, Urowning't arrest. Tbe warrant, 1 pre
sume, waa issued by the President of th llegb
nienlel Court. 1 had no knowledge of the exUlenea
of Ibe warrant against Mr. Drowning nntD aday or
two since, when I was caanally Inlormed by the
Marshal that he held a warrant against him. I do
not desire the arrest of Mr. Drowning on any per
tnnsl grounds, snd if 1 did, 1 have not the power
veiled in in 10 obtain It. HIltD W. SI'KNCKIt.
Capliln Co. K, Ninth negimtot, N. 0, t). N. Y.
IVbtl tbe Hu.liiu Amount ta.
CoLiMtiiA, 8. C, Dec. 13. In Hie Ku-KItu
Court to-day a witneii ronressed that he nas a
member of nn nrganlxalion whlrh he isll nas
formed In l!-fd (or sel(de(ence aud to prevent q.
cendiarlim. The to vn of Yorkvllle wai threatened
with deitructlou by Hie negroei. and many bou.es
bad already hireu burned. The di'tence producd
wltnesaes to show tl.e urgent need o( an organlxi
tion (or defensive purposes.
llnndlnc Ovor (lie Crle Mnrb,
Of Hie CO.Or.fi kbnret ol Ilrio atock claimed by
Heath Kaphas), shsres have been deposited
with Crmmlssloner Wnlte, the mister appointed by
Jndge (llilcliford, to b delivered to Heath A
Kapnaei'a counsel. The remaining slum are
claimed by I'lsk and Oould and will await the de
rltinn nf a motion made belnre Judge Hlslchford on
behalf o( Piik and Oould uot to Include theie ihires
lu the delivery.
CIcu, r-ebeucle tl'unle 10 Come Home,
from tin ll'i!itlali)ii CAionichr.
Oen. Sclicnck, our Mlnisler to Kngland, liar.
Ing accomplished his vurpose with reference to tho
Tre ity ol Washington, an 1 regarding Us peraocsl
Interest here as Imperative, has requested the Presl
dent to name a auecetsor, and call him home.
Thn Mmnr(rl Hose t'ompaur In Ihe World,
At the Itoclieslcr Coir lit September last a
prlieol J1W wil offered ror the fir company which
ahould mate the quicken time In running a mile
and laying 3U0 leet of hose. Tile Active Hose Com
pany accomplished the (eat In all minutes snd ten
seconds.
I It Martial l.nvr In Louisiana e
fYonthi Jtlrqriim.
Three hundred and II fly Ki-ileral soldiers will
leave this eltv this evening by the Oreat Suuthein
Mail route (or New Orleans, wln-ru they till aaai.l
in enforcing llm ucts u( Connies and tbo behests
of tho Administration.
irvsrciirsrnie coevrr.
The hesvlest snow storm known for vcan pre
vailed yo.terusy lu Weit-lletter couutr Tnero t.i
go d neighing north o( Fordhain in ihe aiuiuoou
buow wai lalilog late Uet nlgni.
A numerously blgned petition Is clriulttlng
tnroughout the county prating tho l,.'i.ltturi) tu
adopt mesiurei to compel the New York end New
Haven Kallroad Company 10 tompl) wltn thi-tr charter
In relation to enuimut'iilnn tirkets. and diimandlug
that ihe local fsre be reduced to the same miiimum iu
cw 1 urk Mate as la Conniiettcut.
YesterdsyCorstsbleltlder.ol Kail Chester, ssrved
eunimon. al the (Irand Crutral depot on Mr A. IV
lisitlett, ol the btork hxriianer. In a suit (or the re
rorrry or ttjiol), instituted hyJuttlcsll. W. Udmoiida,
of Mount Veri.ou. 'I let- money la alleged to hive been
psld Mr llanletl by Mr, 1 treed for Mr, Kdmindi,
MhlleMr lisrtlrti was a inemhrr or Aiiciubly (rom
thn Hecoud I nt 1 let Mr. Iliriliu denlee tint he rr.
reived ink money, but Mr Itteei In, mi iti.tl be paid
htui.
armies mom hie m.r.aiiArn,
Twelve Inches ot tnovt full In Tort Jervls yester
dsy atternoon,
J. W. (iarrett was yestonlay reelected President
t( the Uslllmure snd Ohio Iliilrosd.
Charles Wuodln, agnj IB, arridantally blew out his
braineou Tureday near I'awlln:. N Y. while bunting
Another heir to Lochr Ostrom, the Pougliksepsle
mleer. hae luroed ap in ths pereon ol A C Davenport,
ber netibsw.
The California Republican Ita-ltUtlvt csucus his
nomiostsd llrpieteutstivs A A dargect for Unite
Matte aeoslur
M Oltseitt has tslogrsphed to the Mayor of Mi'
wsotes lust the (irsod Oaks will visit met stir ebiu'
lbs Sd ol f esatry.
The OrsnJ Duke has telegraphed lo Ibe Miyor 0'
Montreal i&sths de Iree to v -11 the u'tr it rc"il( au'
thst tbe halt he given up In tionttuucoHo ct tin' tlinr e
ul ilit rnnesol Wslet
The eksr'er eleel "n hel I In 0-dons'ur; ou Tn-s
diy retailed la tm ritHtot.mof tv 1. Hr or lirp 1
Mayor, dy ill nnj my T e li 4 a 1 riro,
(tinervliuriiAeeee.on, s alts arderar lu, .ns4
a $300,000 Finn ix rATitnsox.
Detlruedon efllio Prnnlella aod Hope Mill
Employer Thrown Out.
Tho Franklin Mill In Mill street, I'ateraon,
took fire a little after 13 o'clock yesterday morning,
and the (lames gained such bend'vsy that before the
arrival of tbe engines, tho mill was entirely do
ttrorsd. The Hop Mill, adjoining, was nearlr
contumtd, These buildings were of brick, extend
ing tome 300 feet along Mill ttrest, and about 100
feet deep. They were built In wings and additions,
of varjlnt heights, Only Ihe exertions of Ihe Oft
tntn prevented the fire (rom spreading much fur
ther. The losses were as follows t
The Franklin Manufacturing Company, owners of
tho mill, estimate their loss at til 000, which is fully
covered by Insurance. The or.rttnmts were Hatell
Hares, msnuiacturers o( steam firenglnet, loss
IM.OOOlo lOO.OOOi Insured for fWWO. Oeo, Vsn
lliper. mtctitne shop, loss 1 9.000 Insure J for LiKej.
McLsIn A Co., mn.quilo netting factory, toes fill),
(JUUj insurance 30.00 Mmytlt ,t Pennington, lite
manulacturersi lii's tn.OOfl: In-nrnnc 15,003 Unit
,t Co.; towelling-, loss fS.nOO, Insnranco 2,m
Knalhais Co., weavors' looms; loss 7.(J In
snranco ft. t(KI, VV'm. Ingll, shoe strings j loss IS.
OH): Inturaiica IS.OUO. Daniel Drown, bobblnx loss
ttOOj no Insurance. Writ. Ordney, silk guides;
loss tl.UOO; not Iniutsd Ttttrrttll.t Co.. roller
coterers; lusstoiio, 110 lueuisnc. llachiuan A Co.,
silk shawle j loss l'; Insured.
The lois lo John Otkmtn, who owned snd orcn
pled ths Hope mill is a cotton lactory, Is about
tiS&OO; Insured for 14,000. The victims of tho (Ire
will immedlr.lely rotutne operations and tho lulos
bt ttpiaced by a creditable structure.
AMt'SHMIiSlS.
ltnllan Opera.
Last evening biongbt Miss Nilsson before the
public In a now character, that of Ltouora in Venli'i
TroTatore." Tbe nble garments of Irazedy be
came ber os wetl as Ihe gayer robes of comedy, snd
by htr genius she Infused Into the slmoet repulsively
trite tnd threadbert music of thlt optra fresh color
and new beauty,
There la with .Visa Nllaaon a certain magnetism
lhat glvtt meaning to htr llghtttt acttont, and a
charm In 1ir voealletn that makes It a consisnt
pleasure to Helen to tier, even when ah tings
rivlal music. Her conception of tht rSU of Leonora
ioea not differ etientlally (rom that of other prima
donnai. The heroine ta less fiercely dcclauislory
and more gracious thin most or thsm hive rsprt
itnted her: but Mill Nllieon Infuses quite tufflclenl
fervor Into the ptrt.
Mlit Ciry was the AtuMnti, aud both asng snd
acted tht rcM auperbly, comparing (avorablr wild
the high slsnd.trd thai Mist Pnllllpt baa tit for all
succeeding artists In this character
Bignor llrlgnoll'a Slanrlco la traditional, and he
perlorwsd It traditionally well.
Th Ounf dl Luna wee rendered by a new comer,
Hgnor llarlollol, whole Inleutlotls were belter
than bis performsnec. Ho acted with spirit and
ting with tul ease and grace thlt seem to bo the
birthright of all llallina, but he ttnfortunatetr does
not alng iu tune, and this will be a fatal bar to hit
success.
The house was a very lull one. On Friday etea
Ing Martha" will bs represented.
The llrooklvn Abduction.
The omo of L'liiabeth Keynolds and her daugli
ler Hoe inns against Thomaa Lyons, Justice John
Ltnch, Lou's Goldsmith, John McArdle, Edward
Hero, and John Dlmond, was concluded on Tues
day night before Justice Iluckley, In Urooklyn. The
defendants were accused of conspiracy In causing
the arrest and Imprisonment of the complainants
for tbo pnrposo of abducting their husband and
father. Eiward Hare, one of tho defendants, teitb
flod (hat Mr. Iteynotds expressed a wish to leave
his home and never return. He heard llrynolds tit
Hut ho had been eaJly abused b) bis (snuly, and
that only two ds) a before be nas taken to New Yurk
by Lyona they had pushed him urcr Ihe stovo. Jus
tice Ltnch gsve him bit cholc as lo wbother
h would remsln with his family or go with
Lyons, and he preferred toco it ith Lyons, On his
going oat he thanked (lod that he wss going away
Ilejnolds wss wining to sign the win tn lavor of
c"i. oul' ulJ"'ld tu the ciau.e givms bis
W lit! J.Jtri.
The charge of eonrplracy was dismissed, and all
of then -eueed wre dlsriarged except Lions, Mho
was held on n rliargo of perjnry in procuring the
arrest of Mrs Itnynolds and her daughter.
A Merchant Capture u llurglnr.
Tho extensive fur storo of F. W, I.aaak, on
the second (Igor of OS Uroadttay, was eutercd by
burglars about threo weeks sgo.and f I5,tei0 worth of
furs wes stolen. In onticlpation of a further raid.
Mr I.nak bad a burglar alarm placed In front of hn
building, and haa since kept watch on Ida premises
every night, armed with a revolver. Last night Mr
Lastk wit startled bv the rluglng of the ahrm bell
He at once ran to the door. In the lower hall be
caught a fellow tilth .1 larg I undle o( fut. Mr
I.atak placed his revolver to Ihe tn'ol'a head and
luirched him up itairt, wnere be stood gu ird over
him untlll the return of a messenger with a po Ice
m.,p ,'.'.n" horglsrgave his name as Win. (inodttln,
otfcj-i West Twenty-fourth street. Ho ttos lakeu lo
the Moreer street station. Drtectlte llendrrsnn
(denuded blm at one ot the notorious gang ol Hous
ton street thieves.
Aesasslna Arretted In fnll l.nlio Cllr.
Salt Lakh Citt, Dec. 13. -Alexander lltirk,
a policeman, James Torn., guusmith, and John I.
niythe wero arrested (his morning by United dates
Manuals on a warrant accusing them o( (he murder
ofDr Johnson, who writ ae.ae'liitlu I at midul -ht
In a public street lu Ibis city In October, IVkl.
Alnrnmb'e Dam llrlilge.
The bridge across tho Harlem Hirer at Ha
muli's Dam will boupeti to public travel from the
1st!, 111-1 ti. tu tho lath lust. It is etpeelrd ('nit ihe
bridge- will be again permanently optutd uu the Kill
in. tun.
The Oiitriigp nn .tl, Cnlnrity.
WadKixnrav, Dec. 1J. Sir. Catacair, in a pri.
vale letter to a friend In Wmhtnjtuo, s t," Hring
(oily approved and sustained br my (loverninent, I
accept very philosophically the wanton outrages
heaped upon me solely because I have done my
duly."
Tweedlem In llli-limorul County.
TI10 County Troasurer of Iticlunond connlr
hss been directed lo borrow 20 000 to meet eurrrn:
expriiaes. The Itxpstcrs sty thai the treiurt
should at thli moment contain a aurplui of (oS.Ood
l.OXO JSI.AXI).
One Plvnn of Ksst New York was fatally Injured
yesterday bvth tailing of aecafinltlng irom the new
ainollr church in Attorn. Two otbor workmen
v ere severe. y Injured.
The bondtmen or Oldenn besmsn, lite collector
of the town o( Hunting tou, have been called noon to
par ionic v.o a piece (o make up for a denelmey In
ra.m?i? "troante. Threo ;o( (he boudimen di-rlaro
teat they never iijned the bond, and aceu.e ami.
official 01 tne town ut forging thilr names (hey have
teen glti 11 u 'III haturda) (o pay up.
1I1IOOKI.VX.
Yislrrdar morning Ihe (errr boat Horaeraet came
Into roliielnn with the propeller A l.eirgeii mule tn.
ter nt I ir .Hn at tne tool ol Wail street, the s.niier
stt'i cabins were torn 11 ay.
On .Monday nlg'it, during tht ahssnce of her
inotb-r. Agues Km., aged Ovt- )osri, ivai nun rd to
Ue ith at 71 F.en iireot. tVniismiourxh, ber clothee
having lakeu fire from the novo.
The ladies uf Kt. John's Kpiarnpil Church. Sev
enth avenue and Mi John's 1 late, (trooklrn, will 01 en
a (sir at thi- Atliumi'iiin, Ailantlr tireet, this evening,
fur the brn.fltni tnelr t.arorh si fundi. HaninCaua
will rind a tempting ortsy o( nick-uaoks (or the litile
nitre, onrtitra atntalilu offetlnit (or chlldieuo( larcr
growth. The (sir nlll lait Hires diye,
n'Asntxniox .voi;j.
There la 1 slroni probability uf paistcg th Ap
porilKiiiui'nt bin to day
No assessments ttlll bo undo agilnat dlelillers on
hriitmae, provi Isd al! work 11 tutpsiidad on Hint diy.
Ill tho Home yesterday Mr Hanks reported n bill
appropriation tW.'fii for tne cxpeaiee 01 the lllltnh
American l alin L'niiiiulaelon.
It te reported that Allorne' Oi-neral Akernmn will
be tppolnled to the taraul Judgixbiu of the United
Slatri Court of Florida.
A prllHnn arslnst ttoman luffrign, signed by
s.rjoOof llu' mott ri'iiioouiilo tvo.nrn of im- roiuitrr.
hatl eiuteut 10 Ws.hiuglon (or prr.enlstlou 10 (Jo 11
gre.e. In the Senate yetterdty Vr I'unkllng Intioduced
a mil pr.itiiliuj tor s P. at oilco tn (lues. 10 cm f Ian.
000. ami 1 runii'i'.l s Cil. a. piuriatiDg ta.u-u.ou 1 ra
liovernini'ut building in Chicago
llorare A. V,'lutney hi. te n spnolntuj aiilaiaitt
paying trier uf the Insnirt v ci- Kr'h .lohn.on, die
inis.ei, sud s.,iiiulik fluirii-Ki, chief of ihe Hit 11011
o( At counts In thv t'oo bu.'jsu, vice Mitioen ale j die
mi.eed.
The Prr.lni'tit trsurdir nomlr.ntel Arthur Mor
rl I of vett V rk ueil at Ami IasA, t'o.tv itirt ritew.
art llarnot. ci nn.diicut omul at Km Nrgio John
iMIton, n( IViintyltanis. Uoniiil it llruiatle Andrei
Hlllman Collet j ol Interna Uovaaia (or ths ,Mn b
H.urlot '(Now York
The ovei whelming ilsfest of Senilor Cole in c-u
(nrms eieilet lurpnts tu A Imlniitriuon einl a He
11 hi I th,-en'ire Co it 1 ihe rue si omcee He
early eirouee t the Kin II n u o.iat o( -n r
J nt anilcteiinisil.su r o th island, bat like O
llisy o( (.thrill iru 010 'd, too Adtuioltlrstion
rndoruit erovea Istsl,
ENGLAND'S DYING PRINCE.
rnrxcK Ar.nmtr niKOTTTTi DArrinr BH
The ORIrlnl llnllrllne Irom Hnnilrlnglirim- IH
Alullrrlnt Incubrrendr lluur nl(rr llnnr H
The Parser Prnvlng lor the 1'rluce
Hirange Humor In H
Loxdon, Doo. ID li I', M. The hopes rniiaed H
by the sllctitly favorable advices from haiidrlnchsm
yeiterday art hirdly borne out to-day IhenClrlil
bulletins given below ihow nothing tncopriglng,
and Ihelr effnrt le not f.ivoriblo on 'Chang Hf
e a lent in oil a te. Dee. IT-H A. M -Hi. Ituysl lllthnrrs H
Iho I'rlnre pnt.rii aieitlesi night, and there H num.
provement in hi. eoniition. sH
HAainiHniAU-v:TU A M. Ths I'rlnco of Wnles's Bl
eondiuon is nti hnr drtrernte HH
1-AKriniMiiiAU. lire l Soon. The condition of his H
Itotal lliglinees nt lha hour it uncn inged. HH
rilgnod by Hir Wllllim Jeiihor and the other phr- H
slclansaltcndlngiherr.il'. H
3 .V An extra edition uf tho London 7ivi
contvln Ihe following deipilrh t (maBBBBB!
Kinii'i Lv.is.nrsr CANiiMxaif Ati, nee IT .Iron. BH
In ihe rise ol iho Prince o( tvales there has been no WM
rostniailon lo the nrsl stsges ol lonvaiMCence, as we BH
had a right to expect. H
A tetefram to tht .W, from tl.s vicinity of Kan- H
drlnihani, tars the delirium of Hie Prince Is con H
stent, but cot vloent He don not rave, nut HH
mut trs tiiooherotitiy hour altor hour, without cos- Hl
0 it Tht lateit official bulletin baa Jutt ap- H
SAHiiaiiiniiAM. l)-c 13-5 P. M.-Tht Prince hss been H
veiy unquut slf tLe aftcrnuoii. t'a,e grkrity 0( tbt H
ftuptouie e unabated,
There la a feeling In some circlet tint tbeofflolal H
hnlletlns have represented the cava of tho Prlneo ol H
Watet lo he worse than It really Is, In order to annua H
iimpalhy for the Princo nnJ make him popular. H
11 r il A bulletin Issued Irom Bandrlngham it H
10 P. M.br the phjslclans In alttt.dince obon Hit H
Prioee or Wales, sin that his u0,, Hlglinots Ins H
passed a less unquiet evening. Uncfflrlit despitchet
from flandrlngham, however, j unfavortbl. Tht H
lung tymptomt are rsporled to bo most distressing. H
Tioxbat, Dec 13. I he I'arsees of ibis clly hart
oflered praytrt for th reltorallOD of the Health tl
Ihe jH
svAXtan 1.1 km mom can a. jl
A Document which Hear th Htamp of Fss H
aery on It Pare, H
Havana, Dec. 13. A document lias beon kt H
sned by prominent insurgents who bare Istely tar
reo Jered to the Oovernmenl, and which la slgnef
by the two Itlcas, Bindlvar, several Agueros, thro
llorros, Hetsncotirt, Melchor, Denial, two Varonaa,
and over thirty-two hundred otuen of lose Impor. H
tance. It la dated at Puerto Principe, and nyt- JH
"In Iho lulurt we will adhere to lb throne ol H
Spain, and are now dlipose I loail the Govern- H
menl. We hay seen our Illusion vanish because H
the country failed to support its, and foreigner H
tailed so send us aid. Hie Outeriiment of ftptln H
It now rufflcletilly strong lo maintain the Integrity H
of the territory The docuuieul furiuer raya mat H
the Inturgenti now In the field are moilly negross, H
under Ihe leadership or Uuiclo Agramoute, who H
rebelled agatitit Cotpedes. H
Not a linnse Is lelt standing In the wholo country H
bcteetn Las Tutus and Moron, and Hit desoltliun IH
lhat prevails is terrible. All Iho hopes ol (he Insur- keH
gents ol tucceeillng pollilcally hive been given up, teH
and the detlructlon ol tho country has been rapidly I 1
going oil. The negroes nro working lo make them- 1
selves the masters uf th sltuadnn; and are dotul- r- kaH
nsnt In th nutrias latny held by th laaurreo- rH
'J he surrendered Insurgents who sUned the docu
nenl at Las Tunis protest against a prolongation of
the fight, snd consider the salvation ol tho country
obtained, sud look forward tu rt-cunatruellon and 1
an early poice. The sl:ners praise the qnlitiea or LH
almaeda, and his policy to attract tbo insurgents,
and ask tbe klngto mate co'ices.lot.t to tho Ftltnd H
after peace shall have been established, naming as a d H
si cci dty n social constitution. Tho signers abjure H
their past errors, and believe that tbey represent th kH
minority 01 (heir tnrlv. H
1 ifteen tliutisind Iniitrgenls have surrendered
during the pa I je.tr In the Central Department. teH
lud. slate indivlduallr and eollertitelr (bit (her are H
re fly to perform whatever duty may be required H
ur ibcm as good and noiiest Sptnisrds. Tne lneit.i H
publisnes the document uf the surrendered Insur- aBBBBBaal
C'l.ts lu Its edition ot tomorrow. Tho document la
conaidtred a srtere blow to Ihe Insurrection on BaBBBBBal
account ol (he inllueuce of (he stgneri. H
Onlr nu Uxcute lor Aaltlug for .More dinner.
At the iiieetini;of the Hoard of Health yester-
day, Dr Carnochan said lhat the newspapers and H
the Hoard were endeavoring to create a panic In ri- H
gild to stnall.pox. II sat no cau.e lur 1 panic, u BBBBBBaai
small pox was hero evert venr. iH
luilcv UiH.Torth I ran siv no panic. H
Dr Caruoi'hau Then )ou do uot real the news al
Judge Ilosworth-I do; I read everv one of them. ts
Dr nrnoenan- mi do Well, that's more than IH
Ocu. t.ratit does; be dotiii't read any. The tact Is. H
peoule do not now like to gu to Philidolnnls by bbbbbbbbi
and bv that ttlll be a 1 raid lu come lo New York IH
Judge Hoswortl.-Doctor, tthen smnll-pox rsjeU B
here lu the summer and fall, it e got rlt of it bv hint H
Vturk e ii not going to croile i pitilc; tve are ll
metvly itlrrtng up tie Uoiid. H
lilrnto Alil.-rnira Arrusi-il ol rielllua (Klleec. H
Cuit-Aco, Dec. 13. It it asscrtoil by etuna ol
(ho ciiy Joum ds that s.vetal if not all ol the per
eor.t appointed tn ofllce hy the Common Council oa
Monday night, wero approached by certain Alder
mi n and requested lo put up a intioey conslderatioa 1
lo secure their siieri-ss, and that only those por-oijt H
who did so got places, betoral uniucei siful canfl- H
d ties make a publir atatement ilrclarinz their wil xeH
liivutss tu tn ike arfidarils or llu f.ict tint rnonsy H
Hasdomanded of them by Aldor urn, and on thulr H
dec Ihing tliey weie emphatically told that they H
cuuld not hatu places. H
Shot hi. Wltr-mid then lllmsetr.
I.tTTLttoM, Ma.t,, Dec. 13. Yoslerdny Patrick iH
Keating ibot h.s tvitu lliro'i limes ttlth a revolver.
and afterward shot blmielf In lh presence ol llirll
lour young childron. Hutu were living this morning BbbbbI
but ititn no I opes of recovery. Cuiae, dometlli H
dlfllcultles, Thoy eere t-ach oh ut SSytars of sg H
The .tlllllnry Ore iiimliiin of CUIrnuo.
An cKeut nf (lot-. Palmer of Illinois has rn-
quettrd Hi" Prralitent tu retnuve tne tioors note teH
slatiotiid iu Chicago, un the groun 1 that they ers IBtaaaaai
doing tiolli-o duty In violation ul the Ktsls conatltu. BitH
Hon. ihe Piealdeul Is not dlsoosod to yield lo ths fVTJH
nitts.
No. 4.V, llroidway, dama;ed fl (V),
The Oak Pall Couipauy's lactory In Ilslmont, N.
I. lsl$, J'J WO, H
Murnhy A Lnekhart't liuildlnr, Jeffvrsonvllle. bbbbbbbI
Tci 111. Lota, 1100.U11O nieiiraiii-o, l'H.uou. HsttaH
Jomxii.s .1 iiuii joir.v. Hl
L HH
.I0I1 11 M nsflehl.nl 711 Washington street. Ilrook. HsH
lyn. irli duwn s nsirhwny nt II II to km a 11 tirral snd
ttss tktally Injorisd. yt-aterday. B
Oac.ir Iiinblg. frum being run over bv car 11 of HsVsi
tho llelt lino un luitaday nluiit dim )ottordiy. Tuo KHH
dilvtr and condueior hsvu he1.11 held BH
Alvah J .Muliord.foiiiierl) mi tne pull"e fiirt-d of sVfffl
line Ily. wae sfoidty eentei e I in five )eari in .-.lug Raaal
bi. g for stsaliug I.oiiii Muryuut's w.iloli. Bl
Mi md Mrs Wllllim liirlai, n will interl.iln a
few frluiida next Ihiirday event ig. at ttliK-b Itni. H
their III i lo dtiigti'.er Juirpmae i. to tie clirlateneu 1
Mr Junn tv. lli'ownliig, who lud houn liiinrltune.1
li) uu local miliiar. u".iit.sni, win roleoaul Irom jsVoBaal
nil'? lesterdny, ins fri"iidi patmg hn
U .Miiin Kenrt R.tne, employed in Whiting, Young 1
J La. 1 i..t r rut ,rt,T4 Ninth ei t-mi-, r,ii mm H
01 t. d ttatr 011J ,i to hail y aeal lud lUiiliuJiol bbbbbB
It is propuu'd thst lh.. Chinese Imleiiinlty I'm I. DBBBBaal
sinoitniin.-1" more tntn llib.oia, man he menl 111 i-t.
lalillihuik' 111 Aiuerii'iu ollu.'g at I'eklii, si a niiaii.ol
proniutiii.' Amerii',111 r imiiierce in i'ii.ui
Mrs Kunirt- l.-iiinutr I. of 111) Chatham street. aU
tl'lled the ho ue llli IVtrl tlr.iei 1.1 1 nighl. id vio Hi
reiitnea ur.la 1.0a Mull te.ua m hub, iWiortlel 69l
des'l" Ijokuig si the con 1; she dropped 'Jf7
liiirlra II. Moore, a priftasinnil hurghir. wis sr- Wi
re.ied Ut nigl 1 ny oi rt'l.i munhtii 1 ,r ro niiimuig
a iniral i v 111 Hie n.ji..,)i,nt m tj fmriy itruei. II wn
ha I iia-niibed un 1 iii.inn a pl.iul on Mrs. Mary it ha" if
tni'Oi su!! uV7, n "u ,,'",1' up In W
An Inquest nas held yettridsy over John Jolison, YM
killed lu uroPitioii betwe iu.Si. llnven Irsin and Hw,
hie tistoii ai t UU tet ruin .ireel an 1 Fo irlh avinue. 1X9
A verdict o' sectd niai ilsitunisa n tun od. llislurr Kvi
i.c Him en ol thai the 1; 00 I o tne iriim, bt rnduted 0z5
while pining tliiouuli t'i oily, aud thst gu hi AJJ,
I lai ed il all the rrua.iiiai
Ti e innutl ine-'Ung of l ie Matylin 1 Coil Com. MM
e iry lor Ihe elettloii ul iMrtrinr, mr h'l 1 ou Tue-dsv V'.
i J", V omr."'V.Tiii.!ly HuilijInSi Tl,ei5 YM
w.. e iit.ij. r .Ida t-x ii -inin o u; tu tne rrlrcili n VA
ht mr 1-in. or the 11 111 a'.utsrn gentleinou wb"
Is met lo rei.rr.gi 1 1 ,e ,i,4j 0f ?WBA'
ennui, dltl ubanee iiuiimI Ihh.iIii.'iu, i,i ni0 nnl 1 iff,',
H'a'.'uV i'e'ct'i'Jn!"1"'"' r 1 """"("fU'v tnsrt
l.iiloi.tt'u oank"-. of 14 1 street, sold lh 7ft
llstmn loll, iv csnits i ,f 1 m ,00 J,t Apnl. J
I x' -1 1 aor 'niirv Ira it: w I 0, iio eo ray. 5V
r i 1 agt'u 1 wi 1 llu urd, .e sud seh piu s -Ade,
A !i u wA,r,i ui" lispwuisb, v
ti K D Hia.f-ird s Ooimv Intlituit JJt yf4