©rUans #rpubikan.
OFFICIIALJO^^
OFFICIAL JOURNAL*OF NEW ORLEAN S
THE DAILY UPCBUCAN
Mmj be bad of the following dealers:
George Ellis, opposite the Postoffice.
A. Simon, No. 94 Exchange Alley.
C. C. Haley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. G. D. Holle, No. 61 Exchange Place.
James Ennis, Pontchartrain Railroad
Oepot, Third District; also, at Depot foot
Of Lafayette Street, First District.
J. W. Long, corner of Love and Enghien
Streets, Third District.
Crescent City News Depot, No. 258 Canal
Street, corner of Howard.
Local Intelligence.
Those Overcoats.— The countenances of
the patrolmen who brought back their over
coats to the central station early yesterday
morning were a study for a painter. The
overcoats themselves were a study for a
tailor. They came immediately under the
critical inspection of a dismayed Superin
tendent. They were objurgated by com
missioners. They were a blarsted lot."
It is fortunate for the police that Monday
night was stormy. The defects of the new
envelopes were instantly detected by the
driving rain. One stirring commissioner
settled their fate at eleven o'clock Monday
evening, without waiting for the issue of
yesterday's Times. He met Corporal L
in the rain, and congratulating hint upon
his admirable shelter during the storm, was
met with the assertion that the wearer "was
comfortably wet," and an investigation
showed that a seive would have been about
as good a protection. These "waterproofs"
were streaked with rain water inside, and
some of them showed evident signs of pre
vious wear.
The Board of Police Commissioners will
give the subject a thorough investigation,
determined that the men shall not be swin
dled: and, in case the complaints are well
founded, the coats will be returned to the
dealers.
The charge of outrage made againstJDr.
Perez will be examined furtaer on the
fourth instant.
Returns of Fixes by Recorders The
Six Recorders have made the following re
turns to Administrator Lewis, for the week
-ending October 28, 1871:
First District, Recorder Houghton.. .$285 50
Second District, Recorder McArthur. 174 00
Third District, Recorder Leclere.. SI 50
Fourth District, Recorder Billings. 101 00
Fifth District. Recorder Parsons.... 16 50
Sixth District, Recorder Campbell.. 12 50
Total.............
...$629 00
Coroner Creagh, during the month of
October, held sixteen inquests and thirty
views—total, forty-six. Twenty-live were
males and twenty-one females. Twenty
one were white and twenty-five colored.
Two rabid dogs were killed by policemen
in the first precinct yesterday. Had one
hundred been killed, the news would have
been better. __
Double.— George Randolph was locked
up last evening, and two serious charges
written opposite his name—arson and sus
picious character. He is charged with
setting fire to a house way out on Cana!
street.
Citizens residing in the neighborhood of
Eighth and Chippewa streets, as with one
voice, favor a stringent dog ordinance.
They give up all hope of sleeping until re
lief. in some form, is given tLem. Com
plaints are both loud and long, but not half
as loud as the bark of an unnumbered lot
dogs thereabout.
A Lease Under Difficulties.— On the
eighteenth of October Antonio Varselio, by
false representations, sold an establish
ment on North Market street to J. B. Ba
jurin for $625, the vendor pretending to
own a lease for the premises, which lease
was included in the sale. When Bajurin
attempted to take possession he was op
posed by a third party, who flatly and
truthfully stated that Varsello had no right
or authority to dispose of the lease. Where
upon Bajourin entered suit before Recorder
Houghton, and the case now goes to the
■Criminal Court, Varsello charged with
•having obtained money by false pretenses.
Four schooners loaded with tropical
fruits, from Ruatan anil Utilla islands, ar
rived in port within the last three days, yet
prices are too high for poor people.
Iteury Cunningham, the Sixth District
liurglar. was found guilty of some crime in
our Criminal Court and sentenced, on the
fourteenth of March, 1870, to serve two
years. It seems that he did not remain
there until he got a ticket of leave. How is
it that he has not been on a jury Of such
stuff are jurymen made.
Charge of Embezzlement.— Francisco
Elstav. alias Thomas, was arrested by offi
cer L. Taylor, on a charge of breach of
trust and embezzlement, made against him
by Jose Maria Benito, No. 17 St. Philip
street, who says, in his affidavit, that on
Wednesday, the twenty-tifth ultimo, he en
trusted for safe keeping to the accused, at a
coffeehouse on St. Philip street, near Char
tres. a silver watch valued at fifteen dollars,
which Franciseo failed and refused to re
turn. Recorder McArthur remanded the
latter to the Parish Prison in default of one
hundred and fifty dollars bonds.
Criminal Court— Judye Abell— Ella
Davis, who had pleaded guilty to the
charge of assault and battery, was lined
one dollar.
Ellen Edenbrigh, convicted on the
twenty-fifth ultimo of larceny, was sent
for ten days to the Parish Prison.
Virginia Butler, convicted ot larceny,
was sent to the Penitentiary for one year.
Judge Abell stated when passing sentence,
that even for petty larcenies, whenever
committed by servants, be will inflict the
most severe punishment which the law per
mits, as he wishes to purge the city of faith
less servants.
P. J. Hussey is charged with having
stolen from Mr. Samuel Warner, on the
twenty-fifth of July last, a pocketbook con
ainiug two hundred and sixty-six dollars
a Unite! States currency. The jury re
lrued a verdict of not guilty.
'Officer William Campbell, second pre
dict, was acquitted of the charge of as
'siting and battering Mr. Bauman.
*t
'at the Cemeteries.— Superintendent
c *lger has detailed a sufficient number of
tj^'k cernen to attend at the several ceme
Jss to-day to preserve order. Officers
s at the different car stations to see
od order shall bo obser vcd.
THE CITY HALL.
(Me of the Market Revenues.
Yesterday at noon the Mayor held an
auction in his parlor for the sale of the
market revenues accruing for the month of
November.
As there was a combination among the
bidders to put down the prices, the amounts
realized were not so large as they were last
month.
The sales, with the names of the pur
chasers and the prices obtained, are as fol
lows:
Markets.
To whom.
Amount.
1.25b
Magazine..............
...J. Courage......
2.325
Vegetable and Meat..
.N. Frevchaux
5,'MX)
Clailiome..............
.John Dumestrc.
30)
French Meat..........
...B. Moledeus____
3.700
Treme.................
..B. Baitlielmy..
2,600
Jefferson Citv.........
.Leon Vignes...
150
Port anil Washington.
Paul Da veiled
725
Ninth Street...........
...F. Abadie.......
905
Povdras...............
...A. Duiuestre...
4.26')
Pilie...................
,N. Frevchaux.
57b
Sorapuru...............
Not sold........
SI. Bernard............
605
A Thuktsivlni Proclamation.
Washington, October 28,1871.
By the President of the United States, proclama
tion:
The process of the seasons has again en
abled the husbandman to garner fruit, suc
cessful toil and industry have been gener
ally well rewarded: we are at peace with
all nations: tranquillity, with a few excep
tions, prevails at home, and within the past
year we have in main been free from ills
which have elsewhere affected our kind.
If some of us have had calamities, there
should be occasion for sympathy with the
sufferers, and resignation on their part to
the dull of the Most High, and rejoicing to
the many who have beeu more favored.
I therefore recommend that on Thursday,
the thirtieth day of November next, the
people meet in 'their respective places of
worship, there to make the usual ac
knowledgements to Almighty God for the
blessings He has conferred on them, and for
their merciful exemption from evils: invoke
His protection and kindness for their less
fortunate brethren, whom in His wisdom
He deemed it best to chastise.
In faith whereof I have hereunto set my
hand, and caused the seal of state to be
affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this
twenty-eighth day of October, in the year
of our Lord, eighteen hundred and seventy
one, and of the independence of the United
States the ninetv-sixth.
By the President: U. S. GRANT.
Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State.
The Oates Burlesque Company.
Mrs. James A. Oates will appear at the
Academy of Music next Monday evening
witli her burlesque oi»era troupe, of which
the Memphis Appeal says:
Mrs. James A. Oates has come to stay.
The public does not care how long. She
has won golden opinions, and as she rises
in tlie scale of excellence, so she should in
that of good taste. She is original, and is
therefore charming. She rarely overacts
or exaggerates her idiosynocrasies. Rude
ness is removed from her rule, and she be
comes a magnet so full of electrical force
that she holds spell-bound listeners and
spectators. She addresses the eye as ef
fectively as the ear. A tacile actress, she
is also a charming cantatrice. She is well
supported, and her troupe, we believe, de
serves the popularity whieh it has achieved
here and elsewhere. The repertoire of the
company is to be expurgated of objectiona
ble matter, and we are therefore well
pleased that Mrs. Oates will appear to
morrow evening and each night during the
week.
Freight Charges by Kail.
We think there must be some mistake in
the statements made by the Jackson Pilot
as to freight charges:
The Jackson and New Orleans railroad
can heat the world in its exorbitant freight
•barges, and the public should order their
freight by river to Vicksburg in preference
to receiving it over this road. We will give
two b ills of freight in proof of what we as
sert.
Fifty-five boxes and eight kegs from Bos
ton to New Orleans, seventeen hundred
miles by sea, $15 45. Same goods from
New Orleans to Jackson, one hundred and
eighty-four miles, $41 05.
Another charge on a little over 400 pounds
of molding from New Orleans to Jackson,
$9 81.
These charges are enormous, and we
trust that our merchants and individuals
will make through rates for their goods or
stop their patronage to this road.
Elections Next Tuesday.
The following elections will be held next
uesday, and will close the important elec
ions of the present year:
Maryland—Election of governor. State
officers, and legislature.
Massachusetts—Election of governor and
legislature.
Minnesota—Election of governor. State
officers, and legislature.
Mississippi—Election of legislature.
New Jersey—Election of governor and
legislature.
Illinois—Election of congressman at
large.
New York—Election of State officers and
legislature.
W isconsin—Election of governor. State
officers, and legislature.
Nebraska—Election of State officers, if
new constitution shall have been adopted at
the election September 19.
Virginia—Legislative elections.
Short Postage.
We understand that some of the business
houses of this city are in the habit of send
ing out to their correspondents letters
weighing four or five ounces, attaching to
each only a thiee cent postage stamp. Tlie
following extract of a letter from the Post
ofiiee Department, dated Washington. Oc
tober 27, relative to insufficiently prepaid
letters, is important to the entire letter
writing community:
When you have reason to believe the
postage on a letter was intentionally in
sufficiently prepaid, or when it is evident
from the weight of a letter or package that
the insufficient prepayment was intentional,
the letter should be detained, and the writer
notified of its detention, if practicable,
otherwise it should be sent to the dead let
ter office.
The following cabin passengers arrived
here Monday night on the North German
Lloyd steamship Frankfurt, Captain Barre.
from Bremen, via Havre, Southampton and
Havana:
Mr. C. Chapman. Mrs. Gemlre and daugh
ter. Mrs. Catherine Heidenliein. Carl Schultz
and family. H. Bennet, C. Barry. Mrs. Auge.
of New (irleans: G. W. Beissner, Mrs.
Frederick, of Galveston; Mrs. W. Weiss
and daughter, of Berne: Julius Schroder,
of Bremen: G. Ptundstein. of Baden: Rob
ert Ostermeyer, of Hamburg; Wilbelmine
Bremer, of Holstein: Ignatz Meyer, of Prus
sia: Clara Kindler. of Potsdam; W. Wend
roth. of Havana: Mr. and Mrs. Sagory. Mr.
Hezol. Mr. Norman and family, Mr. and
Mrs. Carreau, B. Ralleau. of France: French
Opera troupe.
The Frankfurt had six hundred and thir
ty-three steerage passengers, with few ex
ceptions representing nearly all the princi
palities and distinct governments of the
German and Austrian empires, some from
Denmark, some from Switzerland, some
from Poland, many from France, and a
number returning to New Orleans, Mobile,
Galveston and St. Louis.
The Vidalia Herald says of the health of
that town:
The yellow fever in Vidalia is abating,
but it seems to be only for the want of
more subjects. At times we hear of a new
case, but they are getting scarcer each
week, and we nope soon to report our city
in a healthy condition. Since our last
issue but one death has occurred—that of
our esteemed fellow citizen, Mr. J. Weis,
who died last Friday, and but three new
cases have been reported during the present
week.
The Vidalia Hefald says of crops and
business:
The crops we need scarcely speak of for we
have already informed our "readers in pre
vious issues of our paper ot their condition.
The worms have made a complete sweep of
the cotton fields, with scarcely any excep
tion. and this, together with the backward
ness of the plants, reduces the chances of,
we think, even a half crop.
Business, owing to the prevailing epi
demic in our little city, and the poor pros
pect for anything like a paying crop, has
entirely ceased. We might say that there
is not enough doing to support one store.
TIME OF ARRIVAL AND CLOSING
OF THE MAILS.
By New Orleans, Jackson anil
Great Northern Railroad—Ca:
tun, Memphis, St. Louis. Ciu
cinnati, Louisville, New York.
Washington, Baltimore. Bos
ton. Nashville, Eastern States
and foreign mails, California
and all the Territoriea (daily
except Sunday)................
On Sundays....................
By New Orleans. Jackson and
Great Northern Railroad—Way
mail. New Orleans. Jaekson anil
Great Northern Railroad. Mis
sissippi Central Railroad. Ten
nessee, Kentucky. Northern
Louisiana. St. Louis. Cincin
nati, California. Territories
Chicago and New fork via
Louisville (Sunday excepted)..
By New Orleans. Mobile anil
Texas Railroad—Lake Coast
Mobile, Alabama, Georgia
Florida, North and South
Carolina. Mobile and Ohio Rail
road, n ay mail................
Sundays......................
By New Orleans. Mobile and
Texas Railroad Mobile only
(except Sunday)...............
By Morgan s Louisiana and
Texas Railroad—Wav mail for
the parishes of Terrebonne.
Assumption, St. Mary. St.
Martin. Iberia, Calcasieu. Cam
eron. Lafayette. Lafourche, St.
Landry and Vermillion (except
Sunday)........................
By Slorgau's Louisiana aud
4:30 A. M.
10:3D A. M.
4:30 P. M. 10:30 P. M.
10:30 A. M.
:30 A.M.
Texas Railroad—Southern anil
Middle Texas—Arrives Mon
day, Tuesday, Thursday aud
Saturday. Closes Sunday.Tues
dav. Thursday and Saturday..
By Red River steamers—Par
ishes of Bossier. Cadilo. DeSoto
Grant, Fatchitoelies. Rapides
Sabine aud Winn—also conn
ties of Texas. Nacogdoches
Augelena. Shelby, Sabine
Bowie, Davis Harrison. Hen
derson, Hopkins. Hunt. Lamar
Marion,Panola, Red river. Rusk
Sau Augustine, Smith. Titus
Upshur, VanZamltand Wood—
Tuesday, Thursday aud Satur
4:30 P. M.
3:43 P. M.
5:00 P. M. 10:30 p. M.
6:45 AM. 5:45 P.M.
6:45 A. 51. 12:30 P. M.
dav, tri-weekly.................
By Vicksburg steamers—Don
ald»onville, PUquemine, Baton
Rouge. £t. Francisville, Avoy
elles parish, and all postoffices
between St. Francisville and
Vicksburg, semi-weekly. C.ose
Tuesday, Thursday and Satur
day. Due Monday, Wednesday
6:45 P. M.
10:30 P. M.
and Friday....................
By Nt.Francisville steamers—
All postoffieea between New
Orleaus aud St. Francisville—
semi-weekly. Closes Monday
and Friday. Due Monday and
4:00 P. M.
6:00 A. M.
Thursday.......................
By Lake steamers—St. Tam
many parish semi-weekly.
Closes Monday and Thursday.
4:00 p. SI.
6:00 A.M.
Due Tuesday and Friday......
By Lower Coast steamer—
Piaouemine parish semi
weekly. Closes Momlav and
Thursday. Due Wednesday
9:00 A. 51.
11:30 A. 51.
and Saturday.....*..........
By Messenger Carrol;ton.
Louisiana —daily, except hun
9:00 A. 51.
9:00 A. 51.
day.............................
By Messenger—Algiers, Lou
9:0o A. 51.
4:00 P. 51.
siaua—daily.....................
9:00 A.M.]
10:00 A. M.
Commencing Jnlv 26. the .Shreveport anil North
eastern Texas mails will he ilispatrlieil ilailv per
New Orleans. Jackson anil Great Northern Rail
roail. instead by the river, as heretofore.
Notice of closing of foreign mails will lie given
the public per bulletin lioaril at the Postoffice.
C. W. LOWELL. Postmaster.
_____ SPECI AL NOTICES.
!*t. Mark's Church —Full Morning Service
and Holy Communion at eleven o'clock. All Saints'
Pay- _ nol It
Metropolitan Lord, Savin** ami Pledge
Bank. New Orleans, October 31. 1;C1.—The Stock
holders of this hank are hereby notified That an in
stallment of ten per cent upon the capital stock
has been called for by the Board of Directors, par
able at the banking house on or before the tirst of
December. 1371. T. D. VAN HORN'.
nol eodlm Cashier.
Carondelrt Street nnd Carrollton City
Railroad Company, office No. 12 Carondelet street.
New i rleans, October 23, 1371.—Notie.—Subscri
bers to the capital stock of this company are
hereby notified that the seventh installment of ten
per cent will lie due and payable at the office of the
company, ou the first dav of November. 1371.
By order of the Board of" Directors.
°e29 lot _CHARLES \V. SQL'IRES, Secretary,
Tlie People's Bunk* —New Orleans, OeUdier
26. 1371.—The Board of Directors, af a meeting held
this day. having unanimously recommended an in
crease of the present capital stock of this corpora
tion from two hundred thousand dollars to three
hundred thousand dollars, the stockholders are
hereby notified that a meeting will be held on
TCESDA*, the twenty-eighth day of November
next, at eleven o'clock A. M., at the hankiughousc
to vote upon tlie said proposed amendment.
Oc23 4t lawSa R. M. DAVIS, President.
Oflire New Orleans City Railroad Com
pany. New Orleans, October 26. 1871.—Notice—In
cousequence of the digging of a canal across the
Metairie road, between the New canal and tlie
Bayou St. John, it will be impracticable to run tlie
cars on that road for about two weeks from date.
cc27 3t C. R. EVANS, Superintendent.
Batchelor's Hair Dye®— This superb hair
dye is the best in the world—perfectly harmless,
reliable and instantaneous; no disappointment; no
ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor. The genuine
William A. Batchelor's hair dye produces immedi
ately a splendid black or natutal brown; leaves
the hair clear, soft, beautiful; does not con
tain a particle of lead or any ii^jurious compound.
Sold by ah druggists. Factory, No. 16 Bond street,
New York. jy!3 ly
INSURANCE.
jyELTA INSURANCE COMPANY.
OFFICE CORNER CARONDELET AND COMMON
STREETS, NEW ORLEANS.
CAPITAL STOCK DEPARTMENT.
Shares 100 each. Annual interest dividends teu
per cent.
PREMIUM DEPART5IENT.
All dividends to Stock holders payable in Cash.
FIRE, MARINE and RIVER policies issued bv this
Company at Current Rates of Premiums.
TRUSTEES:
A. Baldwin,
G. P. Blaueaud,
C. J. Leeds,
F. Labonle.
A. F.imer Bader, A. H. D'Meza,
O. Bereier,
A. Teitrou,
B. Hunt.
R. W. Tlieurer,
51. A. de Lizardi,
Emile Dupre,
Jolm Bi unaso,
I). Bouligny,
A. Palacio.
L. H. Gardner,
J. Lapene,
O. Hopkins,
C. H. Moulin.
VV. B. Conner,
E. Burilelois,
T. L. Airey,
T. 51. SimmnnF. Joseph Aleix,
E. Ganucheau.
OFFICER*.
E. GANUCHEAU, President.
A. BALDWIN. Vice President.
L. W. BAQUIE, Secretary.
JJOPE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS.
INCORPORATED IN 1337.
Office—N®. 41 Camp Street.
This Company insures against
FIRE, SIARINE AND RIVER RISKS.
At the current rates of Premium.
H. PEYCHAUD............................President.
JOHN I. ADA5IS....................Vice President.
LOLIS BARNETT.........................Secretary.
directors:
L. NAVRA.
JOHN I. ADA5IS,
J. C. DENIS,
F. 5IALOCHEE.
FELIX A. DUCROS, F. F.. BERNARD,
oe!2 I in HENRY PEYCHAUD
W. ALEXANDER GORDON,
T. N. BLAKE.
J^AFAYETTE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF NEW ORLEANS,
Capital................................$4(10,000.
Office corner of St. Andrew and Magazine streets,
up stairs; entrance on St. Andrew street.
INSURES AGAINST LOSS OR DAMAGE BY FIR1
AT LOWEST RATES.
officers:
KASPAR ACCH, President; ROBERT JACKSON,
Vice President.
as Matnis, Secretary; John Purcell, Inspector
directors:
J. H. Keller,
E- H. Burton.
W. R. Fish,
O. F. Theisman,
Louis Faessel,
Henry Ellermann,
Henrv Bensel, Jr..
Charles Kumrael,
Christian Mehle,
B. H. Schene.
August Bernard.
Philipp Drumm,
Henry Rice.
L. L. Levy,
Florence Ptiister,
J. F. Krani.
Dr. W. B. Wood,
Alfred Shaw,
K. D. Maclin,
John Henderson, Jr..
J M. O. Parker,
jelO ly
OFFICIAL NOTICES.
Mavoraltt os New Orlhaxs,
City Hall. October 31,1371. J
[No. 1161—Admiuistration Series.]
An ordinance relative to appropriation certificates.
Be it ordained by the Council of the citv of New
Orleans, Tnet the city agrees to take its appro
priation certificates of the piesent year for all
taxes not required to be reserved by ihe Adminis
trator of Finance for interest upon the bonded
debt, and for licenses in full, whether now dne. or
for the remainder of the rear 1371, or to be taken
out for the year 1872: and that the city will con
tinue to do so until the whole issue of the present
year be paid or absorbed.
Sbc. 2. Be it further ordained, etc,. That in re
ceiving appropriation certificates for taxes the Ad
ministrator of Finance shall mark on each certifi
cate »lie number of the tax bill or account for or
upon which the same is received. If there be sev
eral bills or accounts settled for at the same time,
ail shall be marked or noted by number on each
certificate used in the transaction; and on each tax
receipt the number or each appropriation certifi
cate shall, in like manutr, be marked or noted.
The Administrator of Finance shall return the
certificates, so taken in payment, dai'y to the Ad
ministrator of Public Accounts, who shall cancel
the same and issue his wan ant therefor. Should
any certificate too great in amount be ottered, the
Administrator of Finance shall, in addition to the
foregoing, enter thereon the name of the holder
ami tlie amount so taken or accepted in payment,
aud return the same iu like manner to the Admin
istrator of Public Accounts, who shall, within
twenty-four hours, prepare tor deliver/ to the
holder on demand a duplicate tor the surplus due
him on tlie same.
Adopted by the Council of the city of New Or
leans. October 31,1371.
Yeas: Cockrem, Shaw, Delassize, Walton, Bim
zano.
Nays: Reniick, Lewis.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mavor.
A true copy:
Ii. CoNuiEsrC larkk. Secretary. nol It
NOTICE.
rxiTKn Statu- Patrst Ofricr,
Washington. I). C.. October 24. 1371.
O N THE PETITION OF FREDERIC COOK, OF
Washington, Louisiai a. praying for the ex
teution of a patent granted to nim on the second
day of March, 1838. tor au improvement.m uietallc
ties tor eotton bales, it is ordered that the testi
mony in tlie case he closed on the thirtieth Hay of
January next, that the time tor filing arguments
ana the examiner's report lie limited to the ninth
day of February next, ami that said pent ion lie
heard on the fourteenth day of February next.
Anv perron may oppose this extension.
nol law 3t M ii. LEGGETT. Commissioner.
NOTICE.
Haired States Land Office Notice to J. B.
Lnbranche nnd Sonsi their Heirs or
Legal Representative*.
Umted States Consolidated Land Office,
New Orleaus. La., October 13,1871.
A pplication having been made this day
to this oflire to enter as public land, under
the provisions of the homestead law of Mav 20,
1362. aud the acts ameudiug it, a homestead con
taining 134 36-100 acres, in section No. 4, township
tliirteen. south of rauge twenty east, in the south
eastern laud district of Louisiana, west of tlie
Mississippi river, fronting on the Mississippi river,
anil hounded ou the upper side by lands confirmed
to Johu Vaudry, and ou the lower side by lands
confirmed to Louis Habine. aud is known on the
records of this office as the claim of J. B. Lahranche
A Sons, for which uo confirmation has been found.
All persons interested iu the above claim are
notified conformably to general instructions from
tlie Commissioner of the General Land Office, to ap
pear in this office, personally or by counsel,
with their witnesses au.l other testimony, ou
THURSDAY, the sixteenth day of November, 1371,
»t 12 o'clock 31., to show cause why said entry
should uot he allowed.
CHARLES BARNARD, Register.
oelP 4t law W. H. HYATT. Receiver.
PROPOSALS.
Department <«p Improvements,
New Orleans October 25, 1871.
S EALED PROPOSALS ADDRESSED TO THE
undersigned will In- received at this office until
WEDNESDAY NOON. November 8,1871, for grading
and shelling, with lake shells, Marengosteeet, fioni
Telioupitoulas to Clara street; Clara street, from
Marengo to General Taylor stieet; General Taylor
street, from Clara to Claiborne street, and Claiborne
street (south side), from General Taylor to Wash
ington street: in accordance with plan and spec id*
tions on tile in the office of the City Surveyor.
All parties making proposais for this contract are
required to deposit with the Administrator of Fi
nance. as evidence of their intention to abide bv
adjudication, the amount of two thousand
dollars in cash, which shall l>e forfeited to the
city in case of failure to sign the contact.
Bidders to whom contracts are not awarded shall
have their deposits returned to them on the day
adjudications are made.
No b*.u will be received unless accompanied by
the certificate of the Administrator of Finance
certifying that the required cash deposit has been
made.
The city reserves the light to reject any and all
bids.
Bids to lie per running foot and to be indorsed
Proposals for grading ami shelling Marengo street.''
oe 26 td JOHN COCKREM. Administrator.
CANCELLATION OP BOND.
oe 26 td JOHN COCKREM. Administrator.
CANCELLATION OP BOND.
State of Louisiana,
Executive Department.
New Orleans. Septenmer 23,1371.
to me for the cancellation of the official bond
of B. J. Montgomery, as Auctioneer in and for the
parish of Orleans, to wit: A bond dated 5Iay 26,
1369, in the sum of ten thousand dollars; signed by
B. J Montgomery as principal aud William Barnes.
D. L. Shearer and E. K. Converse as sureties: the
said bond being conditioned for the faithful per
formance by the said B. J. Montgomery of his
duties as Auctioneer aforesaid.
Notice is hereby given to ail persons interested in
tile said lionds to file their objections to tlie cancel
lation thereof, iu writing, in the office of the Secre
tary of State, within niuety days after the last pub
lication hereof.
Given under my hand and tlie seal of the State,
this tfifenty-niuth day of September A. D. 1871, and of
the independence of the United States the ninety
sixth.
By the Governor: H. C. WAR5IOTH.
J. W. Fairfax, Assistant Secretary of State.
nol 30t
PROPOSALS.
Propo.nl* for ihe fast Iron Cornice of Ihe
United t-tntes Customhouse. New Or
leans, Louisiana.
Office of Si-pfri.ntfsdkxt.
October 16, 1371.
S EALED PROPOSALS WILL BE RECEIVED A.
the office ot tin- Superintendent until 12 51.. No
vember 15, 1:71, for turn shing, delivering, fitting
and putting iu place tin- entire cast iron cornice of
THe I us 11 111 1 k use at New Orleans. Louisiana, as
exhibited by the drawings anil specifications, copies
of w hich may lie had on application at this office.
The whole to he cast of No. 2 gray mottled iron,
clean, smooih and free from all defects and flaw s
Scaffolding and derricks will hi- furnished to the
contractor without cost. Ninety per cent of tlie
amount due will he paid outlie completion of the
cornice to each front, the balance on the comple
tion of the contract.
Bidders will state the earliest time within which
they will complete the contract if awarded to them.
Ail tht* bids must lie made on the printed form, to
lie obtained at this office, and lie accompanied by a
penal Iiqud of *25,000, that the bidder will accept
and perform the contract if aw arded him, the suffi
ciency of the security to he approved by the
United States District Judge or the clerk of the
United States Court.
'1 be right to reject any and all bids received is
reserved.
Proposals must 1 e inclosed in a sealed envelop,
indorsed "Proposals for Cast Iron Cornice to tlie
Customhouse, New Orleans. Louisiana, aud ad
dressed to COLONEL J. F. MORSE.
oci7 23t Sunerintemlent.
PETITION.
Aluikks. Fifth District, j
September 23, 1371. i
T O THE HONORABLE THE 5IAYOR AND BOARD
of Administrators of tiie city of New Orleaus—
Gentjemen: The undersigned owners of real estate
on Webster avenue, iu tins place, most respectfullv
petition your honorable body til cause a plank
sidewalk to he laid ou tlie above street, from Eve
line street to Patterson street.
And your petitoners,
pray, etc.
as iu duty bound
vill ever
Names.
Feet.
Inches.
M.Iver.................
9
Kate Mealey............
51
9
Patrick Devrey........
3
John Brown..'..........
63
6
Edward Cuarn.........
63
6
P. Whalen..............
126
Patrick McGuire.......
31
7
M. Monnehan..........
31
7
K. Salle.................
..............1.50

Wiiliam Tiernan.......
94
D»
W. Richenson..........
31
31
7
Bernard Kearney......
7
Owen Glancey.........
157
10*
George Beiu............
Total...............
oc 1 4t law
...............H»03
6
PETITION.
Nbw Orlbaxs, September23, 1371.
THE HONORABLE THE 5IAYOR AND
Council of the City of New Orleans—Gentle
men: Tlie undersigned jietitioners owning property
fronting on Philip street, lwtween Carondelet and
Liberty streets, do respectfullv petition your
honorable body to cause the said street to be
onioned between Franklin and White streets, now
obstructed by a brick wall belonging to a Jewish
burial ground, which ground is no longer used by
that congregation.
Hoping your honorable body will grant us this
our petition, v.e will as in duty hound ever pray.
Names.
Feet.
John Hoitlious...............
DO
S. Field.......................
...............260
G. Talier.....................
30
A. Koll............................
30
Agnes Olier........................
32
Catherine Houaelver.............
32
Sirs. Brown.......................
70
Sir. Hart...........................
52
Sliss Slackinrith..................
.V.V.* 130
Sirs. John Soots.................",
120
George Scliawb............
33
T. llrick...........................
90
H. Cullinan...................
32
51. Swinil.....................'
26
Sirs. B. Wintz......................
30
Mr. Hase...........................
30
Mr.Franko.........................
30
Sir. Mulvey........................
30
W. Rosinstrater....................
62
O. Stoll.............................
56
J. Bossier..........................
29
G. Luse............................
80
ocl law 3t
as
OrnOIAL NOTICES
NOTICE.
T HE FIRST OF NovImBER NEXT BEING
usually observed as a holiday, (ha time for the
opening of bids for the sale to the city of one hun
dred thousauil dollars consolidated bonds is hereby
postponed from said date to SATURDAY. Novemtier
4, 1871, and until the latter date bids will be re
ceived as invited in the previous announcement.
ALFRED SHAW,
oe31 nol Administrator of Public Accounts.
N OTICE
Redemption af 3-20 Bonds of 1562.
Treasury Dbpsktmext,
Washington. D. C., Septeniiier 1. 1371. I
B y virtue of the authority given by
an act of Congress approved July 14, 1870,
entitled "An act to authorize the refunding of the
national debt." 1 hereby give notice that the priu
cipal and accrued interest of the bouds herein
lielow designated, known as five-twenty bonds,
will be paid at the Treasury of the United States,
in the city of Washington, on or after the first
day of DECE3IBER next, and that the interest
on said bonds will cease on that day. That is to
say, coupon bonds known as the first series, act of
Februaiy 25,1362, uated May 1, 1362, numbered as
follows:
Each
*50
Each.
*5if
1 to 30639. inclusive, of......................
1 to 43572, inclusive, of.....................
1 to 4is'll. inclusive, of....................
1 to 74104, inclusive of....................
Aud registered bonds of the same act—
1 to 595, inclusive, of.......................
1 to 41»3, inclusive, of......................
1 to 1399, inclusive, of........................ 500
1 to 8906, inclusive, of........................ 1,000
1 to 2665. inclusive, of........................ 5,000
1 to 2906. inclusive, of........................ 10,000
The amount outstanding (embraced in tlie num
"H-rs as above) is one hundred miliiou (*100,(100,000)
dollars.
Coupon bonds of the act of February 23, 1362,
were issued in four dirtiuct series. Bauds of tlie
firs: series (embracing those described above) do
nut bear the series designation upon them, while
those of the second, third and fourth ser,es are
distinctly marked on the face of the bonds.
United States securities forwarded for redemp
tion should be addressed to the "Loan Division,"
Secretary's office. J. F H ARTLEY,
seb lot lawD 5t eowW Acting Secretary.
lie
B.
or


20,
tlie
ou


SUCCESSION NOTICES.^
Succession* of Fraucoi* Arniant, No.
34,973. and K 5I»i:nessii-r. No. 34.959.
T HE CREDITORS OF THESE ESTATES ARE No
tified to present their claims to the uuder
sigued within five liars.
51. O. TRACY,
r.ol 3t Clerk Second District Court.
Succession of E-ieane Charles nnd Pelagie
Charles—No. 34,1X3.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THK PARISH
ot Orleans.—Whereas. Vincent Etienne Charles
has petitioned the court for letters of administra
tion on the estate of the late Etienne and Pelagie
Ci arles ,deceased, intestate: Notice is hereby given
to all whom it may concern, to show cause within
ten davs. why the prayer of the said petitioner
should uot tie granted.
Bv order ot the Court.
oc31 m>4 3 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Succession of Mrs. Untheriae Poirot—No.
34.813.
S ECOND DISTRICT COCRT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the credit
ors of this estate and to ail other persons herein
interested to show cause within ten days from tha
present notification, if anv they have or can, why
the account presented by the testamentary executor
iu this estate, should not be homologated ana ap
proved, and the funds distributed ia accordance
therewith.
Bv order of the Court.
oc31 r.of 3 M. O. TRACT, Clerk.
Succession of
Herman
34,662.
Schluier—No.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
ot Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the cred
itors of this estate, ami to all other persons herein
interested, to show cause within ten days from tlie
present notification, if any they have or can. why
the account presented by the administratrix of
thisestare should not he homologated and approved,
and the funds distributed ill arrordai.ee therewith,
and tiie administratrix discharged.
By order ot tile court.
oc26 3Dno3 51. O. TRACY. Clerk.
Succession of Arthur Liveaudais No.
34,946.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans—Whereas. Bi-amnont Liveaudais,
lias petitioned the court for letters of administra
tion oil the estate of the late Arthur Liveaudais.
deceased, intestate: Notice is Lerebv gi .en to all
whom it may concern, to show cause within ten
days why the prayer of the said petitioner should
not he granted.
Bv order of the Court.
oc2" 29 nn3 51. O. TRACT, Clerk.
Succession of C. Schnnian nnd Wife
No. 34.623.
SECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
C? of Orleans.—Notice is l.erehv given to the
creditors of this estate aud to all other persons
heiei i interested to show cause within ten davs
from the present notification, if anv thev Iiave nr
can. why the account presented bv the tutor ad
ministering this estate shou d not he homologated
and approved, and the funds distributed iu ac
cordance therewith.
By order of the court.
nc23 31 unh 51. O. TRACY. Clerk.
Id the Mailer of ihe Minor Anion P. Klein—
Second District Court for the Parish ot Or
leans. No. 34,931.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN TO THE CRED
J.S iturs of the late 5Irs. Sarah Ii. Klein (horn
Philips), aud to those of tlie minor Amos P. Klein,
to show cause, if any they can, within thirtv ila\
from tlie tirst publication of this notice, why Leun..
Klein, of New Madrid. .Missouri, should not be
recognized by this court as the duly appomtid
and qualith-d guardian alias curator of the estate
of Anna P. Klein, aud why, as such, he shoultl nut
lie allowed to take possession of and remove from
this State the property of said minor.
51. u. TRACY. Clerk.
New Orleans. October 17. 1371. oo2n 2 5 nol 3 15
Siiicces»ion of William W'. Hunter—No.
34 961.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF
urli-ats.—Whereas. P. B. Fouke. public admin
istrator, has petitioned the court -or letters of ad
ministration on tiie estate o; the late William
W. Hunter, deceased, intestate. Notice
hereby given to all whom it may concern, tosliow
cause within ten days why the prayer of said pe
titioner should not he granted.
By order of the court.
oc27 30 no3 51. O. TRACY. Clerk.
of
Succession of L. M. Victor Hebert—No.
34.743.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISB
of Orleans.—Notice is herebv given to the credit
ors of this estate. and to all oilier persons herein
interested, to show cause within ten davs from the
present notification, if any thev have dr can. why
tlie account presented by the dative testamentary
executor iu this estate should nut lie homologated
and approved, and the funds distributed in accord
ance therewith.
Bv order of the Court.
OC27 30 uo3 M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
Murcession of Asa T. Rand—No. 34.772.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOP. THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to tin
creditors of tliis estate, and to all other persons
herein interested, to show cause within ten davs
from the preseut notification, if anv they have nr
can, why the account presented by the tutrix of
the minor children of the deceased, as such ad
ministering tliis estate, sliouhl uot he homologated
and approved, and the funds distributed in ac
cordance therewith.
Bv order of the Court.
oc26 3N no3 51. O. TRACY, Clerk.
Miiccession of flippolyte Bournoin—No.
34.910.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISB
ot Orleans.—Notice is herebv given to tlie
creditors of tics estate and to ail other persons
herein interested, to show cause within ten days
from tlie present notification, if anv thev iiave or
can. why the account presented hv the testa
mentary executor in tliis estate should not tie
homologated and approved, and the funds dis
tributed in accordance therewith.
By order of the Court.
OC27 3" no3 M. TRACY, Clerk.
Succession ol
Ambrose
33,323.
Ennfear—No.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
oi Oijeans.—Notiee is hereby given to tlie
creditors of this estate, and to all other other per
sons herein interested, To 6liow cause within ten
days from the present notification, if any they have
or can, why tlie account presented bv the executor
of tlie dectaseil, as such administering tliis estate
should not lie homologated and approved, and the
funds distributed iu accordance therewith.
By order of the Court.
oc26 3u noli M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Succession
2,
all
at
is
at
by
to
the
can
any
the
any
Succession of
Emmanuel
34.317.
Biirlhe—No.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR TIIE PARISH
of Orieans—Notice is hereby given to the
creditors of this estate, aud to all otlnr persons
herein interested, to show cause within ten days
from tiie present notification, if any they jiave or
can. why the account presented by the ailmmis
tratrix of ibis estate Simula nut tie liomologa'ed
and approved, and the funds distributed in ac
cori'auce tbesewitli.
Bv order of ihe court.
oc263i) no3 M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
Succession of Daniel anil Juliana Ewald—
No. 34.871.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the
creditorsof this estate aud in ali other persons
herein interested to show cause w-ithiu tea days
irom tlie piesent no ideation, if any thev have or
can. why the account presented by the tutor,
as such administering this estate, should not be
homologated and approved, and the funds dis
tributed in accordance therewith.
Bv order of the court.
oc26 29 no3 51. 0. TRACY, Clerk.
Succession of August Fernandez No.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the cred
itors of this estate, and to all other persons herein
interested, to show cause within ten davs from the
present notification, if any they have or can. why
the account presented by the administrator of this
estate should not be homologated and approved,
and the funds distributed in accordance therewith.
By order of the Court.
OC23 30 no2 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
LEGAL NOTIC ES.
UNITED STATE S DI STRICT COURT.
DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
IN
THE
MATTER OP HENRY SHORTEN,
Bankrupt.
In Bookroptcy—No. 1128.
W HEREAS, HENRY S iORTEN. OF THE PARISH
of East Baton Rouge and district aforesaid,
duly declared bankrupt under the act of Congress
ot March 2. 1867. lias this dav filed in said court a
petition praying for a discharge and certificate
thereof, from all his debts aud o.Uer claims, prova
hie un-Gr said act.
Notice is therefore given to all creditors who
have proved their debts, and to all otuer perrons
in interest, that the twenty-fifth day of Novem
ber. 1371, at 11 A. M-. is assigned for the hearing ef
tlie same, and that they may then and there attend
aud show cause, if any they have, why the prayer
of the said petition should not be granted: and
fiirther notice is given that the bankrupt will un
dergo au examination before Register Kellogg on
the twenty-second day of ovember, A. D. 1871, at
11 A. M-. at his office. Customhouse building.
Clerk s office. New Orleans, October 23,1371.
oc29 iu>4 11 K. LOEW. Deputy Clerk.
MONITION.
SUCCESSION OF 5IARIAN SUTHERLAND.
SECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISB
OF ORLEANS—No. 32,042.
T HE STATE OF LOUISIANA. TO ALL WHOM
it may concern: Whereas. Janies B. Wands,
having purchased, at a sale made by the Sheriff of
the parish of Tangipahoa, on the first day of April
1871. the property hereinafter descnlied. has ap
plied to the .imlge ot this court fur a monition or
advertisement in conformity to sections 2370 to
2380 of act No. 96 of the session acts of 1370,
commonly known as the Revised Statutes of Lou
isiana.
Now. therefore, know ye, aud ali persons inter
ested herein are hereby cited and admonished.: n
the name of the State of Louisiana aud of the
Second District Court fur tlie parish of Orleans,
who can set up any right, ti'le or claim in aud to
tiie property hereinafter descrilied. inconsequence
of any inloimality in the order, decree or judg
ment of the court under which the sale was
made, or any irregularity or illegality iu the ap
praisements and adveitisements. in tiuieor manner
of sale, or for any other defect whatsoever, to show
cause, within thirty days from the day this moni
tion is first inserted iu tlie public papers, why the
sale so made should not be homologated aud
confirmed.
The sanl property was sold by the sheriff
aforesaid, by virtue of and pursuant to a commis
sion to him addressed, issued in the matter of tlie
succession of Marian Sutherland. No. 32,042 of tiie
docket of this court, dated January 5, 1371, at
which sale the said James B. Wands became the
purchaser for the price and sum of five thousand
five hundred dollars.
Desciiption of property, as contained in the
judicial conveyance:
A certain plantation, together with all the build
ings aud improvements thereon, situated in the
parish of Tangipahoa (lately parish of St. Helena),
in this State, on the Natalbauv. and descrilied in
the township maps in tlie land office of the United
States at Greenshurg, Louisiana, section forty of
township three, south of range six east, and section
two of same township and range, containing six
hundred aud forty audeighty-eight one-hundredth*
acres; also, the southeast fractional quarter of
southeast quarter of section thirty-four in same
township and range, eontaining- acres, as per
certificate No. 2121: also, tlie south half of north
east fractional quarter of section thirty-four in
same township aud range, containing thirty-eight
and seventy-two one hundredths acres as per cer
tificate No. 2129, and the north half of northeast
fractional quarter of section twentv-four in same
township and range, coi tainiug fifty-three and
fifty-one one hundredths acres as per certificate
No. 1657, making iu tlie aggregate seven hundred
and sixty ami twelve one-hundredths acres;
hounded north by lands of B. F. Hill, east bv lauds
of Leonard A Co., south by lauds of W. W. Wood
and west by late entries.
LS. DUVIGNEAUD. Judge.
51. O. Tracy, C'erk.
New Orleans. September 29. 1371. ocU 23 nol 1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.
DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
IN THE 5IATTER OF WaLTER A. PECK, BANK
nipt.
Io Bankruptcy—No. 1123.
W HEREAS, WALTER A. PECK. OF THE CITY
of New Orleans, and district aforesaid, duly
declared bankrupt under the act of Congress of
5Iarch 2, 1367, has this day filed in said court a
petition praying for a discharge aud certificate
thereof from all hit debts and other claims prov
able under said act.
Notice is therefore given to an creaitors who have
proved their debts, and to all other persons it inter
est. that the twenty-second day of November. 1371,
at 11 A. 51., is assigned for tlie liearingof the same,
aud that they may then aud there attend aud show
cause, if any they have, why the prayer ot the
said petition should uot lie granted: and further
notice is given that the bankrupt will undergo an
examination before Register Kellogg, on tlie
seventeenth day of November, A. D. 1871, at ll A.
M-. at his office, Custom house building.
Clerk's Office, New Orleans. October 24. 1871.
oc25 nol 8 K. LOKW. Deputv C erk.
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITE (1 STATES.
DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
IN THE MATTER OF THOMAS J. HARRISON,
Bankrupt.
In Bnnkruptt-y— No. 1144.
T he undersigned hereby gives notice
of his appointment as assignee of tiie estate of
Thomas J. Harrison, of New Orleans, pariah of Or
leans and State of Louisiana, adjudged a bankrupt
upon hit own petition.
oc25 1aw3t E. E. NORTON. Assignee.
IN TIIE DISTRICT COURT OF TIIE
UNITED STATE*.
DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
IN THE 5IATTER OF WILLIA5I R. BUDDENDORFF.
Bankrupt.
In Bankruptcy—No. 1133.
T HE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY GIVES NOTICE
of his appointment as assignee of the estate
of William R. Buildeudorff, fit New Orleans, parish
of Orleans and Slate of Louisiana, adjudged a
bankrupt on his own petition.
oc25 law 3t E. E. NORTON. Assignee.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.
DISTICT OF LOUISIANA.
IN THE 5IATTER OF FREDERICK H. KNAPP,
bankrupt.
lo Bankruptcy—No. 1111.
W HEREAS. FREDERICK H. KNAPP OF ST. BER
nard bullish anil district aforesaid, dulv de
clared bankrupt uuder the act of Congress or March
2, 1367, lias this day filed in said court a petition
praying for a discharge and certificate thereof from
all liia debts aud other claims provable under said
act.
Notice is therefore given to all creditors who have
proved their debts, aud to all other persons in inter
est, that the twentv-second dav of November, 1371,
at 11 A. 51.. is assigned for the liearingof the same,
aud that they may then and there attend and show
cause, if any they have, why tlie prayer of the said
petition should uot he grouted: anil further notice
is given that tlie bankrupt will undergo au exam
ination before Register C. F. Kellogg, on the s-v
enteentli day of November. A. D. 1371. at 11 A. M.,
at hl» office. Customhouse. New Orleans Louisiana.
Clerk's Office, New Orleans, Octobei 23.1371.
oc24 nol 7 K. LOEW. Deputv Clerk.
MONITION.
STATE OF LOUISIANA.
FIFTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF
ORLEANS.
T he state of Louisiana, to all whosi
it may concern, greeting: Whereas, Achille
Chiapelia. who resides in the citv of New
Orleaus. Having purchased at a public sale made
by C. S. Sauviuet, Civil Sheriff of tlie parish of
Orleans, on tlie twentv-second dav of Julv.
1871, tlie property hereinafter descrilied! lias applied
to the judge of this court fot a monition or adver
tisement in conformity with law. (Revised
Statutes, sections 2370 and 2330.)
Now. therefore, know je, aud ail persons inter
ested herein, are hereby cited and admonished, in
the name of the State' of Louisiana, and ef the
Fifth District Court for the parish of Orleans, who
can set up any right, title or claim in and to the
property hereinafter descrilied, iu eiinsi nuence of
any informality in tlie order, decree or judgment of
the court under which the sale was made, or anv
irregularity or illegality in tlie appraisements and
advertisements, in time or manner of sale, or for
any other defect whatsoever, to show cause within
thirty days from the day tliis monition is first in
sorted in tlie public niwspupers. why the sale so
made should not he homologated and confirmed.
The said property was sold hv tiie Sheriff of tlie
parish of OrleanB, uuder and bv virtue of a
of seizure and sale issued to the said Sheriff
from the Fifth District Court for the parish o!
Orleaus. a j tlie suit of Achille Chiapelia vs. Marie
LanauniiH'. No. 2696 of th« docket of said court,
at which kale the said Achille Chiaj>eila became
the purchaser for the price and sum of twelve
hundred dollars.
Description of tlie property as contained in tiie
judicial conveyance, recorded in tlie cierk'soffice of
the said Filth Distiict Court for the parisu ot or
eans:
Two certain lots of ground situated in the
faubourg Treme, in the Third District of tliis
city, in the square bound* d by Coiumlms,
Viliere, Blanche aud St. Bernard streets, desig
nated by the numbers nine and teu ou a plan
drawn by L. Bringier, late surveyor, on the eighth
Of Slav, 1343; said lots measuring as follows: Lot
numiier nine, thirty-three feet three inches front
on Columbus street, twenty-eight feet six lines in
depth on one side, forty feet five indies in depth
on the other side, and thirty five feet fire inches in
width iu the rear; said lot number ten. thirty-three
feet three inches front on Columbus street, forty
feet five inches in depth on the side of lot number
nine, fifty-two feet nine inches in depth ou the
other side, and thirty-five feet five inches iu width
in the rear; being the same property acquired by
Marie Laudumiey, the defendant in said suit, No.
2696, by purchase from S. Maapero, as per act
passed betore A. Ducatel, notary public iu this
city, on the thirteenth day of February, 1366.
Witness our hands and the seal of this court.
Xew Orleans, August 22.1371.
CHARLES LEAUMOST, Judge.
Lons Powbb, Clerk. aaji
as
L.
W
hy
a
LEGAL NOTICES.
MONITION.
STATE OFLOCISIANA.
SIXTH DISTRICT COURT FOB THB PARISH OP
ORLEANS.
T HE STATE OF LOUISIANA—TO AU WHOM IT
may concern, greeting: Whereas, Charles O.
E. Baquie. who resides in the city of New Orleans,
having purchased at a public sale made by C. 8.
Sanvinet, Civil Sheriff of the parish of Orleans, on
the twenty-fifth day of July. 1371, the property
hereinafter deseritied, has applied to the judge of
this court f ir a monition or advertisement In con
formity with law (Revised statutes, sections 237U
to 2330)—
How therefore, know ye, and all persons inter
ested herein, are hereby cited and admonished in
the name of the State of Louisiana and of the Sixth
District Court for tlie parish of Orleans, who can
set up any right, title or claim iu and to the prop
erty hereinafter described, in consequence of any
informa ity in the order, decree or judgment of the
court under wihicli the sale was made, or any ir
regularity or illegality in the appraisements and
advertisements, in time or manner of sale, or for
anv other defect whatsoever, to show cause within
thirty dajs from the dav this monition is first in
serted in the public newspapers, why the sale ao
made should uot be homologated anil confirmed.
The said property was sold by the sheriff of the
parish of Orleans under and hv virtue of a writ ot
seizure and sale issued to tlie said sheriff from the
Sixth District Court for the parish of Orleausat tha
suit of Charles G. E. Baquie vs. John Christie, No.
2591 of the docket of said court, at which sate the
said Charles G. E. Baquie became tlie purchaser
for the price and sum of five thousand dollars.
Description of the property as contained in tha
judicial conveyance recorded in the clerk', office
of tlie said Sixth District Court for the pariah of
Orleans:
Two certain lots of ground, together with all tha
buildings and improvements thereon, and appur
tenances thereof, and all rights and servitudes
thereto lielunging. situated iu tlie Fourth District
of this citv. iu the square hounded hv Washington,
avenue. Fourth, Laurel and Constance streets,
designated by tiie uumliers eight and nine of squara
number eighty-seven, according to a plan of L. H.
P.lie, late city surveyor, dated the tenth of Janu
ary, 1360. deposited in the office of W. H. Peters,
late a notary public in this city, as plau number
thirty-two; said lots adjoin each other, and meas
ure each thirty-two feet front on Washington
avenue by a depth each of one hundred and
t»enty-niue feet between parallel lines, being tha
same pro',ierty acquired by Johu Christie, the de
fendant iu said suit No. 2591, by purchase from Mrs.
Adele Bur. per act passed before Joseph Cohn, no
tary public in this city, ou the twelfth day of
March, 1367.
Witness our hands and the seal of this court.
W. H. COOLEY, Judge.
J. F. Dick. Deputy Clerk.
New Orleans October 7 1371. ocl2 21 23 not II
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA.
IN THE MATTER OP JAMES CALLIHAX. BANK
rupt.
la Baakraptey—No. IMS.
W HEREAS, JAMES CALLIHAX, OF AVOYRLLB8
parish, and district aforesaid, duly declared
bankrupt under the act of Congress of March 2,1691,
has this day filed in said coart a petition praying
for a discharge and certificate thereof from au
his debts and other claims provable under said
act. Notice is therefore given to all creditors who
hare proved their debts, and to all other persons in
interest that the twentieth day of November, 1871,
at 11 A. M.. is assigned for the hearing of the same,
and that they may then and there attend and
show cause, if any they have, why the player of
tlie said petition should not be granted; and
further notice is given that the banlmipt will an
deigoan examination before Register Kellogg oa
the sixteenth day of November. A. D. 1871, atTl A.
M., at his office, Customhouse building.
Clerk's office. New Orleans. October 29,1871.
oc21 28 uo4 K. LOEW, Deputy Clerk.
POUND NOTICES.
Dirmrenr or Polio,
New Orleaus, October 30 1871. I
TERR BROUGHT TO THE FIXTH DISTRICT
1 Pound, on Jersey Btreet, between Valence
and Bordeaux
One (1) White and Red Spotted COW, branded
D" ou the right shoulder, and "H" "V" on the
right hip.
One (1) White and Brown Spotted HEIFRR,
branded D" on the right hip.
One White HORSE, branded "U 8 A" on the
left shoulder.
Which, if not claimed within five days, and the
expenses thereon paid, will be sold at public
auction at said pound, on SATURDAY, November
4, 1871, at 12 M.
JAMES LEWIS.
No. 99—oc31 td Administrator.
IN BANKRUPTCY._
estate of Joseph f. c olbus.
Opfick or U.vitxd Statki* Marshal,
District of Louisiana,
New Orleans, November 1, 1871.)
T his is to give notice that on tbb
thirtieth day of October, A. D. 1871, a warrant
in bankruptcy was issued agaiust the estate of
Joseph F. Colhus. of New Orleaus, in the parish
of Orleans, and Stata of Louisiana, who has been
adjudged a bankrupt on his own petition; that the
iav merit of any debts and delivery of any property
lelonging to sui h bankrupt,to bini'ogfor liis use, and
the trausferoi any property by iiimare forbidden by
law; that a meeting of the creditors of said bank
rupt. to prove their debts and to choose one or
more assignees of his estate, will be held at a
Court of Bankruptcy, to be holdeu at New Orleans,
iu the Customhouse building, before C. S. Kellogg,
Register, ou the fourth day of December, A. D.
1871, at nine o'clock A. M.
S. B. PACKARD.
nol del United States Marshal.
ESTATE OF LOUIS SPREEN.
Office United Statbs Marshal,
District of Louisiana,
New Orleans, October 26, 1871 .1
T his is to give noticb that on thb
twenty-fourth day of October, A. D. 1371, a
warrant in bankruptcy was issued against the
estate of Louis Spreen, of New Orleans,
parish of Orleans, aud State of Louisiana,
who lias been adjudged a bankrupt on hia
own petition: that the payment of anv debt!
and delivery of any property belonging to such
bankrupt, to him or for ins use and tlie transfer
of any property by him. are forbidden by law; that
a meeting of the creditors of said bankrupt, to
prove their debts and to choose one or
more assignees of bis estate, will be held
at a Court of Bankruptcy, to be holden at the
Customhouse building, in tlie citv of N*w Orleans,
Louisiana, before C. S. Kellogg, Register, on the
second day of December, A. D. 1871, at uiae o'slock
M.
8. B. PACKARD,
United States Marshal, District of Louisiana*
oc27 iit-2
CONSTABLES' SALES.
Jarques Levy vs. Edmond nnd Simon
Wailiecli in solido—Fourtli Justice Court for
the parish of Orleans, No. 203.
B y virtue of a writ of fieri facias
to ine directed by the Hun. J. G. Baum,
Fourth Justice of the Peace in and tor the parish of
Orleans. I will proceed to sell at public auction,
on TUESDAY. November 7.1371, at 12 o'clock M., in
front ofmv office. No. 7 Frenchmen street—
TWO BAY MULES.
Seized In the above entitled suit.
Terms—Cash.
0c27 31 no7 AUG. Bl'UCK. Constable.
Eugene Berger .vs, John Hagan-First
Justice Court for tlie parish of Orleaus, No.
1399.
B Y virtue OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS. TO
me directed by tlie Hon. H. 51. Dibble. First
Justice of the Peace in and for the pai-Uh of Or
leans. I will proceed to sell at public auction, at
my warehouse. No. 139 Julia street, on SATURDAY,
Novemlier 4, 1371. at twelve o'clock 51., tLe tollow
ig articles, to wit—
FIVE PIECES OF 5IARBLE.
Seized iu the above entitled suit, as per inventory
on tile iu my Office
Terms—Cash on the spot.
oc-2-5 30 not DANIEL CROWLEY. Constable.
Alexander Dnlnheimrr v*. Mr. Wingfield—
Second Justice Court for the parish ot Or
leans. No. 140.
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS
to me directed by the Him. W. L. Evans Sec
ond Justice of tlie Peace iu aud for the parish of
Orleans I will proceed to sell at public auction,
on THURSDAY, November 9. 1371. at twelve o'clock
51.. at No. 2,6 Girod street, near Rampart—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and ef
fects.
Seized in the above cause.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
oc-*9 no4 9 A. J. DAVERX. Constable.
SHERIFFS BALES,_
Miss Emilie lie La Ferriere vs. William
Barrett.
E ighth district court for the parish
of Orleans, No. 3527.—By virtue of a writ of
seizure aud sale to me directed bv the honorable the
Eighth District Court for tlie parish of Orleaus. in
the above entitled cause, I will proceed to sell at
public auction, at the Merchants aud Auctioneers'
Exchange, Royal street, between Canal and Custom
house streets, in the Second District of this citv on
SATURDAY, November 11,1371, at twelve o'clac'k M
the billowing descrilied propertv. to wit—
TWO CERTAIN LOTS of GROUND, together
With au the buildings aud improvements thereon
and all the rigats privileges, customs, wavs, serv
itudes and appurtenances thereunto belong*,
ing or in ant wise appertaining, situ
ated in tue First Distort of tliis city of
^rleans, in the square hounded by Aimuncia
tion, Robin. instance and Race streets, which
said lots of ground measure, each, thirtv tVet
front ou Annunciation street, by one hundred and
twenty-seven teet teu inches aud five Iiues iu
depth, between parallel lines, aud are designated
as bits numbers one and two, on a plan dtawn by
L. Reizeinsteiu, topographical engineer and archi
tect, on the sixth day of October, 1357, and de
po$*t«da8 plan number two in the office of Jana*
W £°r then a notary public iu thia city.
Being the same property acquired by defendant
hy purchase from Joseph Griffith Eilia. per act
passed before said late notary, James W. Breed
love, on the twenty-third day of November, 1857.
Seised in the above suit.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
C. 8. 8AUVTNBT,
oc 10 22 noli Sheriff of the Pariah qf Orleans*