Amusements. etc., This Evcmng.
4

AAA a
BooTR'S THEATER. Hamlet.” Edwin Booth.
Firm AVENUE THEATER. Divorce.”
GRAND OPERA Housg.—* Charles O'Malley.”
Lixa EpwiN’s THEATER. Opera Boufte “Barbe
Blea.” Mlle. Aimee.
\N1810'8 GARDEN.—* The Black Crook.”
Orympic THEATER.—" Humpty Dumpty.” Fox.
U'stox SQUARE THEATER.— Variety Company.
WALLACK'S THEATER." John Garth.” L. Wallack.
AcapEMY OF Music.—Lecture. Prof. Mayer.
LEAVITT'S ART Rooms. —Palette Exhibition.
San Francisco Minsrriis,.—Bireh, Wambold, ete.
Empire Rink. —P. T. Barnum's Museum, Men
gene, Hiprodrome, and Circus. Day and Night,
New-York Circus, Fourteentli-st., between Third
snd Fourth aves

Nixon's Sovtnery Circus, Nos. 728 and 730
Broadway.
c——
A
Gnoineos Notices.
AAA AAA Ay
A A II NINES
Bexepicr Bros,
171 Broadway.
Great bargaing in
Diaxonns,
Fixg Warcaxs,
and
Ric JRWELRY.
STEINWAY AND SONS
(JRAND, SQUARE, AND UPRIGHT PIANOS,
OM Pianos taken in exchange.  lllustrated Catalogues sent fres on
sppheaton.
Wangnoons, StrRiNwAY Harr,
109 snd 111 East Fourteenth-st., NV.
“Holiday Presents of affection and charity,
for wife. mother, sister, and friend,
WoureLkR Witson's SEWING MACHIVE,
1
No. 625 Broadwar,

SAVE FIPTEEN DOLLARS.
Rav tha celebrate! WiLsoN SHUTTLE SEWING-MACHINR. The best in
the worll, Free $45. Sold on easy payments of $5 a month. Wor
rinted for Bye years. A few good Canvassers and Agents wanted. Ofice
wi! ealesroo. Wilson SEWING Maciisg Company, 707 Broadway,
2
“Pest by TIME. For Throat Diseases,
Colds and Coughs, Browx's BrovcHiaL TROCHES" have proved their
efficacy by a test of any years.
Savsprns, No, 7 Actor House, sells finest


mport-d Pocret Kuve Combination ant Nersor Knives, all kinds,
Visrors Sciocore, ad Copvers (nin cle or in casts), ‘Treble Cutlery, Rasor
Nrops. an! lo bt art es, at low prices,
Pontarir Wispow VENTILATOR, MAINE'S,
Cor priv te houses, coon ete) Fresh ain po draft; fits aLy window.
¥Yree, $5. N fre cular Usoeknicin Cou, 95 Duane st.
Beantifnd flowing hair for the holidays.
Cupvarien Loek rok Tie HA restores eray bair, stops is failing
oot, uereaces its growth, Recommenced by physicians.
irrons HAIR Dye.—The best in the

tarerns. haric ess, perfect. Appued st Factory, No. 16
ve vwhere,
world,
Feed at. Rod
CHESTM AS, HOLIDAY PRESENTS,
Taine Lkoszus, Vasey Cuarns Desks. TARLEs, Piano COVERS
a roms G. L Kerry. Co, Importers, 724 Broadway.
Vioeny Crnristuas '—Ladies, and if yon wish
void an! HOLE, wiso embroi tere! toilet Slippery. presents for
‘tinier Co, 3 Union square,

arutie nen, pulfurize

Waon Carer TinG, 480 Broadway. —This is
the only for eotenng th will wear 20 or J) years.
Resse Pas-Kinnne Macie On is clean
and sofe to tee. Bt Coos not sod the clothing, Use it for Healsehe
Has Paap 1,602,832 IN BENEFITS TO PoLicy
Hotoges —lvaveives LIFE AND ACCIDENT Ix<onance Co.
Corer Cots Casnmere BOUQUET,
for the Holm
AnTistonniries—YALver Lives,
ce Bo. 10 Caestoas ste, Phila; 31 Green st, Boston,
Five-TwesTty Boxns or 1862,
fgcoNn SrKIES,
To of tou to the $100000,L0) of Fisk Twesty Boxps now being
teleemed Ly the Goscrument, an sdditioual call has beeu made for
&20.000 on of the CECOND SERIES ou whick interest will cease io Mar b
net
Further eslle of the Bonds of that and the following Scries will doubt
fess follow during the year. Holders can realize a better price for their
Bonds BEPOR« THBY ARE CALLED IN by the Government than afterward,
as shown hiv the relative market prices of ea'led and ancalled Bonds.
Holters of all Five-Twertics of 1362, snd especislly of the Second Se
res, wi! probally do well to consider the subject of reluvestment in a
pore pernanert form without delay.
We offer and recommend the Six .Pek CENT Gorp Boxps OF THN
CursArEAK® AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY £5 among the SAFEST AND
»osT DECIKARI E SECURITIES TO BE HAD IN THE MARKET FOR THE SE
CRE INVRATMENT OF CAPITAL.
Asma’! jroportion ouly of the loan pow remaios nosold, and the re
foveatmer of the procecis of relerwed Five-Tweuties should abeorb
them wil n a short (me,
Cresent price, M4 and accrued ivtereat.
Tuterest onl prive pal pavable in gold in New-York City. lIoteiest
“as avd Notewher I. Degominetions, #1040, £500, aad #10), cou
Don OF esate red,
We buy ond sell. as osusl, GoverxwuNT and CENTRAL Paciric
Bosps, aul receive them in exchange for CHESAPEAKE aXD Onio
Jiovon  Aceoun‘sof Banks, Backers, and others received, on which we
allow interest, Ordess for Iuvesimens, Btocks sad Bonds, exeented at
the Stock kxciaoge. Fux Harca.
Hakvey Frag,
AB. llarvon,
TERMS OF THE TRIBUNE.
Dany Trievsre, Mail Subseribers, $10 per annum.
Sesmi-WEeERKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $4 per an.
Wetkly TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $2 per annum.
Advertising Rates.
Dairy TRIBUNE, S0e., 40¢., 50¢., T5¢., and $1 per line.
~imi-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, 25 and 5) cents per line.
WErkLY TRIBUNE, $2, 83, and $5 per line,
According to position in the paper.
Terms, cash in advance.
Address. Tue Trmesurye. New-York.
New- Dork Daily Cribune
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1871.
The Prince of Wales continues to improve, e=—-=
Another Ministerial erizis has oocurred in Spain, and
Beilor Sag sta is endeavoring to form a new Cabinet,
President Thiers announces that religious equality
+hall be. maintained in France, The FEoglish jour
nals are discussing the case of Minister Schenck.
in the Renate yesterday, the new Committee on Re
trenchmenut was instructed to investigate, among other
watters, whether the President Las bestowed any oflices
of trust on wembers of Lis fawily. The House General
Awnesty bill was digeussed. A bill was reported for the
reorganization of the Customs service, In the
House, the Labor Commission bill was passed, 30 Demo
<rats aud 6 Republicans voting in the negative,
Three alleged murderers have been lynched m Arkan
ean by negroes, A flour-mill has been burned in
Oswego, An extensive stonecutters’ strike is in
progress in Westerly, R. I. The Hon. John Mor
rissey is suing a Cincinnasl capitalist for a gawbling
debt of $10,000 The iron works at Mount Carmel,
Venn., bave been burned. The Hudson River at
roughkeepsie 18 blocked with ice.
Ex-Bank Examiner Callender was arrested and held iu
$0,000 bail. It 18 rumored that Mayor Hull's
resignation has been personally demanded by the Com
mittee of Seventy. The trial of ex-Assenblyman
Worth, and others, for violation of the election laws, wis
begun tn Brooklyn, The Grand Jury held a special
wession. Gold, 109, 1063. Theriuometer, up, 4°,
The United States Scpate will, to-day, tke
up for final action the Amnesty bill, which,
qualified and burdened with proposed amend
ments, is likely to be passed in some ques
tionable khape. We appeal to the honor
uble Senators to end at once, and forever, this
yrocrastinating system of tactics, and male
Amnesty universal and complete, Another
sear will bring the necessity and the ocetsion
for another bill, and with it may come the
same timid counsels from men who are not
willing to consider the war fairly concluded.
We shall have Universal Amnesty by and by.
Why not now?
The distinguished gentlemen who are en
gaged in defending the Ku-Klux and Democ
racy of South Carolina are having a Lard
time with the trials at; Columbia. A letter
from a correspondent of *T'ie TriBUNE, here
with published, shows that the defendants
have small chance for escape, provided the
inry accents sworn facts.

The severe cold term which this region of
the country is now suffering scems to have
been accompanied by a gale of considerable
force. Numerous disasters are reported along
the coast of Nova Scotia and adjoining shore
lines. The extreme cold is likely to continue
for some time longer, and we may expect to
hear of suffering and hardship among the sea
farers on the eoast of the Eastern States and
Neer A ails
Wo know that the Superior Judges have
been called together at half past ten o'clock
to-day, and we have reason to believe that
the purpose of the meeting is indicated
in the letter from a well-informed
correspoudent, signing himself Jurist,”
which appears elsewhere. That purpose is to
forestall the choice of the incoming Judges
by filling the vacancy caused by the retire
‘ment or escape of James M. Sweeny. We
shall see if they dare to do it.
The French courts-martial have ground a huge
grist, according to the latest reports. No less
than 14,278 persons have been through a form of
trial, and 2,022 have been convicted and sen
tenced. Nearly eight months have passed
since the surrender of the Commune, but that
period bas not been long enough to carry out
the revengeful policy which the Government
geems to have determined to pursue toward
the revolutionists of Paris. There must be
vet more courts, it is suid, to finish the work
which is now m hand. This spectacle of try
ing a legion of men, seriatim, 1s ccrtainly an
unparalleled one in history.


It is clearly the part of enlightened states
manship to inquire into the problem which
vexes labor and capital where they impinge
on each other. And, though there may he
some difference of opinion as to the way in
which the inquiry shall be reached, the action
of the House in passing the Labor Commis
sion bill is sure to result in something valu
able. The Commission is to make a search
ing examination into the subjects of wages
and hours of labor, distribution of profits, em
ployment of capital, and kindred matters. It
will have power to do a substantial good to
the whole country, and its creation as a Re
publican measure will be hailed by the work
ingmen of the Republic as a favorable sign
of the times.
It is not often that the ditfering interests of
producer and manufacturer are so admirably
harmonized as those of the Wool Growers and
Woolen Manufacturers. Their Joint Conven
tion at Syracuse yesterday is a striking testi
mony to the wisdom and justice of the Pro
teetive Tariff under which both have been
satisfactorily operating. To disturb this state
of things by tinkering with the Tariff would
be to throw the whole machinery of production
into confusion, and bring great hardship upon
psi} parties concerned in the vast business
which is supplied by the important staple—
Bowe Why not let well enough alone for
once? The country is satisfied, and only a
few busybodies propose to meddle with the
duty as it is at present fixed.
Nobody expected that the Maleampo Min
istry would last long in the present unsettled
state of Spanish politics. Without warning,
it has suddenly gone to pieces, after an cxist
ence of about two months—a period just equal
to the life of the Zorrilla Ministry which pre
ceded it. No prominent Spanish politicians
were embraced in the composition of the cab
inet which has just suffered wreck, and the
fact that none of the progressive elements of
the country were represented therein was
sufficient to make its tenure of office precari
ous. The urgency of the situation now may
be surmised from the report that four port
folios have vainly been offered to Ruiz Zorrilla
and his friends by Seiior Sagasta, who is in
trusted with the difficult task of organizing a
new cabinet. Since October last, the breach
between these two politicians has been widen
ing, and each now represents poliscal con
binatious that are the antipodes of each
nthor
other.
A NW RBLEOOM.
The new broom which the Civil Serviee
Commissioners have made for Gen. Grant,
after so many months’ work, is not a very
eflicient implement, but perhaps, considering
the difficulties of the task, it is nearly as good a
one as they could be expected to produce, It is
evident that it will have to be greatly im
proved before it will be found adequate to
cleaning out the dirt and rubbish of the public
offices. The rules for the examination of civil
functionaries look to the improvement of the
gervice hereafter, and to thesdestruction of
the pernicions system of patronage which
hag demoralized not only the administra
tion of public affairs but the whole business
of politics. So far the labor of the Commis
tion has been judicious, and we believe that
it will prove of value. But nothing is said
about the condition of the service at present.
The reforms me all prospective and, for
aught that the report suggests to the con
trary, the Departments at Washington, the
(‘ustom-Houses, and Collectors’ and Assessors’
offices throughout the country, are to remain
in their present corruption until the existing
officials die out and are gradually supplanted
by others. This will not satisfy the public
demand. We want reform now; we do not
purpose waiting patiently till the nest gen
craton.
The President can amend the rules, just as
he could originally have framed them. It is
the current belief that the federal places of
profit have been to a great extent filled by
‘political hacks who have no fitness for their
duties, but have been appointed either for
past services to the party, or in order that
they may manage the political machine in the
interest of the Administration. If the Presi.
dent really wants to reform the Civil Service,
let him apply the rules proposed by the Com
mission to the men now in oftice. Why should
be not begin for instance with the New-York
Custom-Honse, and have all the place-holders,
from the Collector down, examined on the
kcore of competency, gooeral information,
knowledge of their syecial dutics, Fopeety, and
Lood moral charaet zr Dees anybody doubt



NFW.YVORK DAILY TRIBUNE. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1871.
that the result would bo a great many vacan
that the result would bo a great many vacan
cies?
Does anybody doubt either that the holders
of office in any properly arranged Civil Ser
vico should be measurably free from the
chances of dismissal without cause? So long
as the appointing power can dismiss any
subordinate on any pretext, or without pre
text, it is evident that it is still possible
to make the tens of thousands of officials
throughout the country the mere machinery of
primary mectings and conventions, rather than
the efficicnt servants of the Government that
embdDlovs them.
prr arrive ocr ENCTH OF PARTIES.
RELATIVE SALEM IPLILLE WY £4 448845848440%
The World figures elaborately with intent to
prove that there is no considerable Republican
majority in the United States at present. To
prove this, it presents in"tabular form the votes
cast for Representatives in the present Congress,
which (it says) were politically divided as
followa
S—
Connecticut...
Delaware.
Florida
Georgia.
INiNOiR... conn
Indiana.
Kanaas
Kentueky......
Lonisiana
Maino
Maryland
Moasachusetis,
Michigan
Minnesota.
Missisaippt.....
Mi<sour
Nebraska,
Nevada.........
N. IHampshire..
41,213,
10,001]
12.439)
62,752
eneannnn




eon)
H
New Jersey
New York.
N. Carolina.

Pe naylvania
Rhode Island...
NS. Carolina, oo

Tennessee,.....
Texas. tevee}
Vermont... 1

Virginia...
West Virg finia..
Wisconsin.

Tatsl.....
Matority..
weet
—V I =Masority. Vork
Dem. Key. Dem. Rep, D
FURL =r fe ee
77.510 05] 3,605 dl 8.
20501] 2205730... 20i%| fe
56,543! 62 cone BIBS Lf
46,718 cave). TUBI3 er
5
State.
Alabama........|]
ATKansas.......
12,44 403... 1
11.812 ol 621] 8
3,41 1%) fs we
Pim ws 22,071 9 16
18.601) 153250 oll awl 13
63,636] 9s682] 309ml 8
20441] 40,07!) ....i 100761 3
83.944] 67,451 id eel Hy,
3¢.2%! 65992 nee!) LD
antl baad 1 LLL.0 0,983 el 7
76,505) 07,727 18,863 h EE
43,482) KT,005 sees) 4%, 513) sei 233
BI 68 10,416, 8
90 6.3891 andl Tse] Lf 4
uT,08 TITS ROR EW PE
107,451 60,222 47,209 a i.
7.967) 12,475 ceo 4,404 af 3
ext] eaor| ‘dso Ll] al
S444) 82,013 1,531, seenjl Of +3
76,473) 80,426 4,050 «i 1
03,153) 363,14 44963 8S.
h1.643 Bi, $21 3 3,421 al 9
206,012 219,607 RELY EEE
nas nasi] Cm LL wm
267,165 265,907 1 1408] ....11 2
nasal Coan 7,000 rf
Bi, Ti Tai LL 19,400 tb
74. 92 UR, 4881 WOME eee 30
84,000] 45,000 39,000{ of ve
9,916 ul.6211 coesy THO00IT +o} Oh
g1ot0l wra67l aml. _.0] 100
25,666( 26,749 1,917, wesc 81
T02 T1676 al 690, 8
Li J205 2,788,477 263, $4 205, 016 159, 15%
41. 152 41.172 yi.
cersee.... 21
There was no such division in Pennsylvania
as the above table affirms, as we have hitherto
shown. In certain districts, the Democrats saw
fit to run no candidates of their own, but to
support insiead one of two rival Republican
candidates: and they thus helped eleet Mr.
(recley over Mr. O'Neal in the IId District.
The World evidently gives Mr. Creeley's entire
vote to the Democrats, and thus makes “a
“false balanee® which the Good Book pro
nounces “an abomination to the Lord.”
In this State, it is true that the votes cast
for the successful candidates in the Rensselaer,
Clinton, and some other districts, were given
fo Democrats, but they were not given to them as
Democrats. So the vote given to the success
ful candidates in the Chautauqua and several
other districts was nowhere near the fall Re
publican strength. And beside, the Democratic
vote throughout the State was enormously
awelled by a lavish disbursement of money
stolen from our City's tax-payers, while the
Republican strength was impaired by a chronic
feud. To set down 44,460 as the Democratic
majority in this State is to delude the ignorant
and simple.
Missouri gave no 47,209 Democratic majority
in 1870. The World coolly sweeps the Liberal
Republican vote (which was not less than
60,000) into the Democratic net.
Texas gave no 39,000 Democratic majority
this year. She may have given that majority
against the carpet-baggers” who have bought
and sold legislation at Austin for the last two
vears and against their afliliated nominces for
(‘ongress; but not less than 10,000 Republican
votes were cast against these, precisely as
10,000 to 15,000 Democratic votes were cast for
the Republican State ticket in our lute eles
tion,
The World is further mistaken tn assumins
that “In Arkansas and Mississippi, the recon
“structed Constitutions have sweepmg distr.
“chisement clauses as also in assumir zs that
“In Weat Virginia, a Convention 13 Just now about to
assemble to amend the proacriptive Suffrage provisions
of the War ont of the State Constitution, and Missourn:
is yet hampered by the vindictive Electoral legislation of
the Drake school.”
West Virginia eliminated all Saffrage pro
geription from her Constitution by legislative
action which the People ratitted by a direct
vote several months ago: a new Convention
has been ordered and chosen on other grounds
and for other purposes. Missouri discarded
vindictive electoral legislation” by an over
whelming popular vote more than a year ago.
The World closes with this mistaken flourish—
“Now that Missouri and West Vieginia will soon ah
rozate the disfranchisement imposed on them by Repub
Mean authority, the Democratic party oan cont! on an
absolute majority for 1872."
Men, “by losing, rendered wager,” fizht
shy of unqualified predictions. They ean de
termine the result of an election much better
a month after than a year before its ocenr
rence, oven with no better data than the du
bious returns for which The World is famous.
Yet no intelligent observer will deny that the
relative strength of the Democratic party is
much less now than it was eleven months
prior to the eloction of 1868, when it had just
carried New-York by an overwhelming ma
jority, and had barcly missed carrying Penn
gylvania and Ohio. Dnt we are not even re
motely descended from prophets, and will only
gay that almost any one can give a better guess
as to the issue of 1872 when the rival candi
dates and platforms shall have been fairly
placed before the people.
JLLUSTRATIONS OF THE FLANKING
PrIv:ieKEay
PRIVILEGE,
The Hon. R. H. Duell writes us that the use
of his frank to cover the circulars of a Mary
Jand newspaper—an eccentricity to which we
called attention a few days ago—was unau
thorized, and moreover that hiz signature has
been forzed. This settles the question, so far
as Mr. Duell is concerned and we are now
ready to hear from the proprietor and editor
of the paper alluded to. It is The Maryland
News, published at Forestville, Prince George's
(‘ounty. Now will the editor be kind enough
to tell an anxious world where he got the
franked envelopes, and who wrote the franks?
Are forged franks of the Hon. R. H. Duell
objects of merchandise in Forestville 7 If so,
who are the dealers Or did ‘he editor of
The Maryland News forge these tanks himself 7
Speak up, please.
But if Mr. Duell's name ean be used instead
of postage stamps without his knowledge or
consent, why cannot the signs manual of the
whole House of Representatives be taken in
vain after the same manner? Clerks in the
Post-Oflice cannot be expected to know the
handwriting of every senator and member, nor
to spend timo in a emreful serutiny of signa
teres when there is baste to close tho mails,
Loca with Mr. Daell's letter before us, wo
Comments bu The Tribune.
must say that the frank looks so much like
the real signature that we should never suspect
the forgery if we had not his word for it. It
is unpleasant to reflect that anybody can write
any Congressman’s name as often a8 he pleases
across the face of an envelope, or
a book-package, or a bundle of dirty
shirts, and send tho matter thus coun
tersigned free through the mails, while the
tax-payers have to pay the cost. It is bad
enough to have the Hon. James Brooks frank
ing circulars about prize chickens and the
terms of The Fvening Erpress, without our
feelings being outraged and our confidence in
human honesty destroyed by the conscious
pess that all sorts of people are going into all
sorts of newspaper offices, and forging the
frank of Mr. R. H. Duell. The only way to
stop this abuse is to bregk up the system ulto
gether; and after we bave heard from The
Maryland News, we hope Congress may do
something about it.
the problem of what is to be done with it.
THE BROOKLYN QUIKER RECVIVAL
pn Se Ml ee
Tho very name of a Quaker revival is a
paradox. In most of our minds the idea is so
firngly established on the one side of a grave
“Friend with his charity, benignant as the sun
shine, and his justice. and beliefs immovable
as iron and on the other, of a revival, with
its spasmodic fervor, contortions, agonies,
“and trinmphs, whose forced fruits of grace
may last for ages, or wither in a day, that
the title given to the conference now in
progress in Brooklyn appears to everybody a
misnomer. For many years the sect of
Friends has been gradually suffering deca
“dence both in numbers and in power, partly
owing to their rule never to make active ef
forts at proselytism, and partly to the natural
disposition of the youthful mind to
slip out of the narrow fold ontlined by
the inner light, plain language, and shad
bellied coats, toward eolor, music, dancing,
the world, the flesh, and—their consequences.
Pretty young Quakeresses first enrl their hair,
then put a rose in it, then marry “out of
“meeting.” Fae'lis est descensus Averni. Even
in Philadelphia, their peaceful stronghold,
over which the ghostly broad-brimmed hat of
Penn even yet casts its shadow, and in whoso
streets they thronged, ten years ago, “like
troops of the shining ones,” a drab gown is
now the exception, not the rule.
In all the great humanitarian movements of
tho day, the Quakers, silent, mild, unbeliig
erent as they are, have led the forlorn hope
and conquered, They were the only Christian
geet who opposed a solid front against Slavery.
They are now inaugurating a higher and
juster Indi-n policy; they have ranged them
selves within a year in the very foremost
principles of Temperance and they have
always preached the plain common sense
doctrine, that when men partake more
of the nature of reasoning beings
than of brutes, their disputes can
be settled by reason and not brute
force—u principle which England and Awer
ica have once, at least, put successfully to the
proof. Yet while they have thus kept their
ideas in advance of modern progress, their
mode of presenting those ideas has fallen fur
ther and further out of the modern habits, or
even atmosphere. What can be more alien to
the hourly jarring and counter-jarring of mind
on mind among the world’s folk, the eager
ness with which every man runs with his
political or religious opinion to rub it as flint
on steel against his neighbor's, than a Quaker
meeting full of the “uncommunicating mute
“ness of fishes,” those “deeps of silence call
“ing unto deeps” which Lamb delighted
in? ‘Those feeble, disjointed rhapsodies
to which the spirit is wont to move
the female preachers in Yearly Meeting, the
inconsrquent stringing together of texts, and
intoning them with a holy nasal twang—how
oddly they sound beside the sledge-hammer
blowa of Collyer, or of Beecher, or the efforts
of smaller divines, who bring the Almighty
into their sermons with as jaunty familiarity
as if He were their next door neighbor. The
I'riends themselves begin to be conscious of
their primeval air, and have grown tired of
Cplaving the role of Ancient Mariner among the
wedding-guests, The Brooklyn meeting is, as
we understand, only the beginning of an
effort by which the seet, with its testimony
and habits unchanged, will yet enter into
closer ties of brotherhood with other
Christian denominations, and, by “joining
“with them in active evangelical work,
“infuse new life into their own body.”
Doubtless our Shaker friends think this move
ment judicious, but Fox or Penn would regard
it with grave suspicion, and so do we. The
very silence of theirancient meetings preached
a rare sermon of submission to human brother
hood, and a willingness to learn. Where, ont
gide of Quaker meeting, will yon find silence
in the United States? or a man who will bear
contradiction in his opinions patiently for fif
teen minutes? Besides, the itch for talking is
more contagious than the small-pox: in two
years shall we not have every grave Friend
among us making weekly sensatienal hits, a la
Tallmage, and will not silence have disap
peared forever from oft the face of the earth?
We confess to an affection for the country's
old household gods; we cannot see without a
twinge these modern tailors snipping and re
shaping ancient creeds and forms to suit the
fashion of the times. We foresee miching
mallecho in these revivals; they wil leave us
not one solitude where we can shut Tammany
thieves and talk outside and bathe in still
“ness” at our will; the queer old coats and
bonnets, and the friendly “thee and thon,”
eloquent of strange and heroic histories, will
disappear from off the streets. Then may Rip
himself dye his white hair, throw oft his mil
dewed hunting-shirt, and take the stump as
a waril nolitician
TAXATION—INCOME AND OTHER.
4 VV nc anEss oy vy AVE AF FF BNE.
Sie: There is a great deal said about the
reduction of taxes, especially the income tax to be ahol
ished, IT would ask how are that class of persons to be
reached if that tax is abolished? In this part of the
State, every man that has a surplus of $100 or $1,000 has it
invested in some town, rallroad, or Government bond,
which are exempt from taxation, Men that are worth
from $10,000 to $50.000 do not pay any more or so much tax
(unless hy income) as those that have ouly $2,000 or $2,600
in their Posstanion ruben} mortgaged for one-half
their value, On this class falls the burden of taxation,
There is no escape for those who are fn Jostesalon of real
estate, There will be complaints of high taxes so long as
towns hond themselves from $20,000 Lo $150,000 to build
railroads, which pay back no revenue to cancel their
bonds, The interest and ag must be paid by tax
upon the bonded towns, which must be high. I would
ask that you would recounnend some way Herp equita
bie than the Income Tax by which that class of persons
will be reached Yours, &e., THOMAS D, SMITH.
Otego, Otsego Co., N. Y., Dec. 6, 1871,
(Mr. Smith labors under two mistakes: 1. Ile
seems to think that repealing the Income
Tax will somehow affect the holders of Town
and County Bonds. But, if he will inquire of
the holders of those bonds, he will discover
that not one in ten of them pays any Income
Tax, or hag ever done so. 2. He seems to
suppose that the Federal Government exempts
Town and County Bouds from taxation, which
it does not aud wpever did, It exempts uo
bonds but its own; and this on the assump
tion that it cannot be wise to tax money out
of one pocket in order to put it into the other,
paying the cost of both operations. If you
tax your own bond, you must pay moro inter
est or premium on your loan; so that you
make nothing by so doing.
Certain Counties and Townships of our
State have seen fit to bond themselves, in order
to bring railroads nearer to their people than
they otherwise would come. We think this
was, in most cases, wise; but it is entirely
their own affair. 1f a railroad was fo be run
so as to benefit our property at somebody's
expense, we should choose te bear our share of
the cost or risk.—FEd.]
pATPERISM IN NEW-YORK.
Each day that brings us nearer to the holi
TH Ho TE a To Ca
lavish enjoyment of them by the wealthier
classes, suggest the remembrance of thi, class,
born outside of even intelligent conception of
the educated pleasures of life, and whose
highest ambition is to get enough of the mis
erable food which will keep them alive in a
world that has portioned ont to them only
wretchedness. Charitable associations, whether
religious or otherwise, are ordinarily based on
the creed that Dives owes this much to ILaza
rus—to keep him in the world: so far to feed
and clothe him that the purple and fine linen
of his garments may be clean of his brother's
blood a creed which is just enough, when we
take n surface view of the matter. We believe
that not only the rich but the well-to-do
classes in New-York contribute generously to
this end. Very few men do not, either private
ly or through the medium of church or mn
nicipal organizations, do what they can to lift
this sinking, helpless mass into comfort or
decency.
The very articles of luxury that are every
into and the
One of the best methods used to this end is
the N. Y. Association for Improving the Con
dition of the Poor, whose twenty-cighth an
nual report is now before us. This organiza
tion undertakes its work, as far as we can
judge, with not only sound principles of
charity, but common sense. It covers the en
tire city and county from the Battery to
Kingsbridge. This area is divided first into
districts, and the districts inte 370 sections,
to each of which is appointed a Visitor. Any
amount contributed gives membership, with
tickets by means of which applicants are re
ferred to these Visitors. The rules for the
Visitors require them to examine promptly
and in person into each case; to give assist
ance at once, if deserved, but only for imme
diate relief, and in small quantities. To each
district there is also appointed a local Advis
ory Board, who are to confer with and direct
the Visitors. The average number of poor
annually relieved by this charity amounts
during the last twelve years to 31,000 persons.
The primary and altogether commendable ob
ject of this Association is to furnish an intel
ligent method of alms-giving for our citizens,
secure trom imposture and so admirable and
eficctive has its system proved, that it has
been taken as the model for the London Men
dicity Society. We commend it heartily as
in every way preferable to indiscriminate
street and door-step charity, while we urge
at the same time that no association can re
lieve the Christian man and woman from
their duty of personal help to their poorer
brother. “I was naked and ye clothed me,
saith the Lord; not “youn sent a Visitor or
Advisory Board to me.”
But the question underlying this temporary
relief is, whether that is all which Dives owes
to Lazarus. Is the poor man simply to be
fed for this one hungry December day, or set
upon his feet and shown how to earn bread
for years to come? Is it his stomach only
that is going by default in life, or the strength
or talent that God gave him to fill his place
in the world, the sclf-respect that makes
alms more bitter than starvation? This Asso
ciation recognizes the higher and more efficient
duty of rousing whatever latent sense of man
hood there is in the pauper to feeding and
clothing him, and does what it can to that
end, making it necessarily a side issue. The
Visitors are enjoined “to give food of an infe
“rior quality and quantity to that which the
“applicant could obtain by labor; to require
“of each beneficiary abstinence from liquor,
“and that his children shall be gent to school,
“or, if of a proper age, apprenticed to trade,
“or sent to serviee;” and to discontinue re
lief to those who appear willing to remain
paupers. How hard it is to kindle real self
respect in uneducated people they prove in
the incidental statement that needle-women
out of work refuse to accept domestic service as
“too humiliating,” but take alms, regarding
it as the only alternative with the brothel.
We have urged time and again that the true
work for charity in New-York was to make
this great festering mass of pauperism sclf
helping, mstead of staving off death from
it by yearly doles. Emigration, trade
schools, a liquor-law, model lodging-houses,
may do much to this end, but will never prove
efficient until the pauper is made ashamed of
his pauperism. Ie is not now, The experience
of every one conversant with the poor is that
(taking out the seli-respecting, self-helping
Germans) they have a vague creed that “the
“world owes them a living;” that the luxury
or comfort of their rich neighbor is a right of
which they were defrauded, and not a good
dependent on hard work of brain and body.
It is upon this envy, this discontent, this ig
norant sense of having been cheated, among
the lower classes, that the Internationals base
their frantic appeals, and on which they will
find their sole foundation. The only hope of
giving self-respect or manhood to this class is
by education, and that being the case, tho
sooner it becomes compulsory the better.
There is an old Norse story of a lad who
had a giant's stable to clean. He shoveled
away for years, only to find the heap grow
deeper every day, when a fairy whispered to
him to turn the other end of the pitch-fork,
and lo! the stable was clean, If we turn the
sharper side of our charity upon our work, the
result may not be so prompt, but assuredly by
the next generation our common sense with
alms-giving will begin to tell.
A discontent that is national has been kin
dled in France by a proposition on the part of
A discontent that is national has been kin
dled in France by a proposition on the part of
the Government to tax Matches five per cent—
that is, ten cents on a thousand. The Match
manufacture sustaing 25,000 French workmen.
Seven millions of dollars of capital is invested
mn it, The manufacturers insist that if the tax
is laid the consumption of Matches will fall
oft three-fourths, and that tive millions of dol
lars’ worth of property will be rendered value
less, and over twenty thousand laborers thrown
ont of employment. This illustrates the mis
chief of an internal revenne burden on Pro
duction. The offcet of the removal of Protee
tion against external competition is precisely
the same. In the case of every industry so
undeveloped that it can be undersold by thy
cheaper products of older and richer countries,
a reduction of our Tarift rates throws working
people out of employment by thousands, and
renders vast amounts of property worthless.
The only changes in our Tariff that can profit
ably be made are to enlarge the Free List of
articles that enter into maunfactures and that
are not produced in this country, and to eon
vert ad valorem duties into specific. The
sooner these changes are made the better.
~—y
The Democrats” of New-Hampshirs have gone
through the annual motions, and have resolved
themselves to be the political saints, Still, thero is
a milder {lavor than usual of depression in their ros
olutions. They are, however, yet like themselves in
one thing: they have an undying faith in the potency
of a good scare. One of their orators declared through
the Convention to the world that if Gen. Grant
should be reélected, in all probability he would
never be dislodged from the Presidential chair ex
cept by a revolution of bloodshed.” Mr. Bingham
was the delegate who made this prophecy. Does he
believe in it himself 1 [Is it, with him, a belief at all
—anything more than a notion! A reasonable man
may very well object to Gen, Grant's reélection, but
in doing so it isquite unnecessary for him to go into an
epileptic fit, or turn the heads of Lis hearers snow
white with horror. The very suggestion is a ticason
to the popular power and energy. If Gen.
Grant or any other General should try the
littlo game of grasping at a permanent
dictatorship--and we are thus supposing an idiotio
I xecutivo—by what power is he to be supported in
his lunatic antics? By his office-holdeis In the
first place, as compared with the mass of the people,
they are a mere handful in the second place, to
determine the matter, let every reader ask himself
if the Postmaster or Collector or Assessor or Marshal
in his locality is likely to enter into any such des
perate enterprise. There have been many jokes
about the fecundity of the Grant family, but it is
hardly large enough to grasp absolute power in this
great Republic; and as for the General himself, he
hardly carries guns enough for such a wonderfnl
speculation, Democrats” certainly ought to have
some faith in the muscularity of the popular sov
ereignty. Don’t they see that their melancholy
drivel implies that the people can be easily and
finally duped, or, what amounts to the same thiug,
insolently defied
days forces more into notice the great fact of
the increasing pauperism in New-York, dugd

In Richmond, at least, tho leopard never changes
his spots. We learn that that always entinsed city
has been again “thrown into wildest excitement”
by the shooting of one prominent citizen by another.
These leading men, it appears, were in partnership
in a gambling hell, and separated a few months ago,
ono accusing the other of cheating. Meeting in a
public place, the aggrieved gentleman (Mr. Snellings)
proceeded, according to the chivalric code, to knock
the other (Mr. Monteiro) down and kick him in the
face; to which Mr. Monteiro returned, en regle, a
pistol-ball. Both parties,” as usual, belong to the
most respectable families in the place, and a general
gloom,” also as usual, overspreads society in conse
quence of the affair.” The liveliest sympathy, we
are told, is manifested for Mr. Snellings, though pub
lic opinion entirely justifies Mr. Monteiro. “The
whole occurrence,” moralize the Richmond journals,
“is a warning against carrying concealed weapons,
and officious tale-bearbrs.” We hope the talebear
ers will speedily be eliminated from the community,
but would advise that too hasty measurcs be not
taken against concealed weapons. The state of
society in that spirited metropolis is unaltered, we
imagine, since the war. We remember an incidental
conversation at that time, among a group of young
knights at a Virginia tournament. My fathor is a
banker,” said one miue is a planter and mine
a sporting gentleman.” So long as the class desig
nated by this delicate eaphuism continue to consti
tute the ruling order, concealed weapons, we sug
gest, offer a graceful and eflicient mode of settling
their difficulties on points of honor—far more in
consonance with the prevailing taste than the cum
Lrous machinery of courts and juries.
A singular law case has occurred in Cincinnati.
David G. Miner, an infant in law, has brought an
action against lis own father and mother—through
Lis next friend, we suppose. His petition sets forth
that the authors of his existence have made that exist
ence intolerable since 1858. He has heen flogged with
ramrods and with iron whips. He has been dragged
down stairs by his hair. He has been put into a
closet under a tank of hot water, and shut up there
for ten hours. His body is covered with scars. Hia
health 18 ruined. The parties charged with these
crimes are rich, and what is usually called highly
respectable. Parental cruelty is not very common,
for nature has taken care of that; but, on the other
hand, eases of this kind are not, probably, so rare as
wo might, without reflection, suppose. There is a
good deal of savagery in households of which the
world knows nothing. Society is delicate, and prop
erly 80, about any instances which fall short of the
scandalous; and children, no doubt, do sutier by
reason of this squeamishness,
_
If a people is happy whose annals aro stupid, so
happy is a State when law courts have no business.
The full bench of the Supreme Court of NewHamp
shire, for the hearing of appeals on tho law, met at
Keene on the 12th inst, at 94 a. m,, and in ninety
minutes tho business of the term was over and the
Court had finally adjourned. This proves one of
two things, each equally gratifying—either little
litigation in the lower courts or excellent rulings
there. The truth is, that appeals upon law points
should be much less frequent than they are, and would
be if the nisi prius courts were what they should be.
By this time, notwithstauding the miscellaneous
character of legal business, law should have been
reduced to something of scientific certainty—thas
permanent precision, we mean, which judges and
lawyers complacently claim for it: and this point
would have been happily reached long ago, if the
practice of law had pot been a money-making
business,
England is a country of peculiar institutions,
and were Chicago one of its offspring, we should be
able to trace the origin of the great fire not only to
burning prairies, cows, kerosene, petrolenrs, and
Geo. Francis Train, but to William Anthony, the
half-crown fireman.” In England, be it known, half
a crown is usually given to the person who takes the
first news of a fire to the nearest fire-station, and it
appears that the enterprising Auntliony, who is
blacksmith by trade, has been doing 8 very thriving
business in half crowns, having fired no lesa than
one hundred and fifty houses in order to obtain the
reward of virtue. Considering that Anthony is but
twenty-one, his life has been exceptionally brilliant;
and that he should now be committed on seven dis
tinct charges of arson, denotes remarkable forbear
ance or incapacity on the part of the police author
ities. As The Times is devoting columns to the In
flammability of London,” perhaps it would be as
well to inquire whether, in a city contaimng 116,000
paupers, it is advisable to preserve so dangerous 8
custom as that of feeing the bearer of fire news.
They don't seem to have much better luck with
wunicipal Judges in San Francisco than we do here
in New York. Judge Lake of that city, reading in
The ('hronicle some criticism of bis conduct, waylaid
Mr. De Young, one of the proprictors of the news
paper, and pounded his head with a cane. The
journalist caught the Judge by one leg and brought
him to earth, when he drew a pistol, and best De
Young about the head with it. Then the wcapos
exploded and shot a lawyer who was innocently
gazing upon the scrimroage. Not long ago, another
Judge assaulted De Young in the same way, for the
same reason. As misery loves company, wo must say
that wo have read this judicial intelligence from
fan Franciseo with a kind of mournful satisfaction.
Wo do not expect to hear of any city with Judges
moro than halt so magniteently object uable us our
on t= but nlf is something.