THE MEMPHJB DAILY APPEAL-FRIDAY. OCTOBER 37. 1873.
MINOR TELEGRAMS.
Tamarack swamp, New York, Is
tUi'vicriilng.
The iires near Albion, New York,
have been subdued.
England's eoi t ibntlons to Chicago
oonilnue to be lergs.
Yesterday morning broke on New
York rainy and totgj.
Ten thousand Oorumnnisfs have
been released by the Paris oourte.
Several more of the New York in
surance companies are said to be tottering
to the grave.
Goal gas, instead of her father, the
coroner', lurv say, killed the Jersey City
lady, Mary Fallman.
The sinecnrists of the New York
municipal government are being kicked
ont as fast as discovered.
Eighteen citizens of Bock county,
South Car ilina, were arrested on Wednes
day on the charge of ku-kJuilam.
Chas. O'Connor gives it as his opin
ion tba $3,500 000 can be recovered from
Bihltaede, the Kohinoor of Tammany.
Baron Von Beast is preparing a
note regarding the international society,
to be addressed to all the governments of
Europe
The Prussian government will pro
pone tD the Rolehsrath a law in reference
to the interna ional society. An eminent
jurist a 3d special functionary are charged
with the dusy ot aramng tne lew.
A Philadelphia coroner's jury, In
the case of Levi Baldell, shot in the riots
in that city on election day, gave a ver
dict of death by a gunshot wound at the
hands of police sergeant James Duny.
That snivelling, sneaking, sancti
motitous. swindline dead-best. Ueneral O
O. Howard, is in Hartford, Connecticut,
aaking the co-opera ion of the American
Missionary association in nis wora 01 roD-
bicg the negro ana me government.
Genera? E. M. Lee, late acting gov
ernor of Wyoming, is delivering a course
of twelve lvcenm lectures in the principal
cities of Michigan, for the benefit, of tre
mfl-ers bv the late ores, tne audience
are large and enthusiastic, and the lec
tures a complete success.
Denton, a howling dervish of the
anti-papery strip", wco nsa osen anoiy
intr Seranton. Pennsylvania, for some
time, csme nesr receiving the crown of
martyrdom In that v nage on weanesuay.
He ba1 adveriseJ a lecture for the even
ing, and, to while away the day, thrust
himself into a large public school and
op?ne1 his theological batteries upon the
defenseless puoils, and kept up the fire
until the superintendent or the school
was forced to chuck him out of a window
to allow scholastic exercises to be re-
Kumd. Ab iut the tim his lecture w
to hsve cnnmeT'ed. he found s large and
enthusiastic andienoe of Irishmen, who
had prepared an ovation in the shape of a
barrel of coal-tar, but, after conference
with the chief of police, his modesty for
bade the acceptance of the compliment,
and he took a night-ride to the next vil
lage
A bill heretofore filed and with
drawn, in the United 8'atea district court
for the eastern district of Virginia, at
Lynchburg, was rallied yesterday, pray-ine-
for an injunction to restrain the Vir
Slnla and Tennessee railroad, and William
labone. president, from carrying out
the provisions of an act of the Virginia
legislature coneona v.mg uu rosu wild
the Norfolk and Petersburg road and the
South Side road, under the title of the At
lantic and M ssisslppl railroad, having its
termini at Norfolk, Virginia, and Bris
tol, Tennessee. Further, that the Vir
ginia and Tennessee railroad be restrained
from issuing any bonds under the act of
the Virginia legislature in furtherance of
the interests of the Atlantic and Missis
ippl railroad, which act. it la alleged, is
uronstituUonsl. and that they be en-
(oined from negotiating a loan for eight
millions of home of this amount which
have been executed and attempted to be
so d at discount oi twenty-nve cents,
and that the defendants be enjoined from
constructing the Cumberland Gap rail
road or in any way fostering the roads by
the use of the funds of the Virginia and
Tennessee railrosd
FINANCE AND TRADE.
YELLOW FEVE.
Ravages of
the Disease
Mississippi.
In Southern
After
Vickbu'
entirelv dissppearanoe from
-e sna one- nwns oeiow,
the vellow fever has acsin commenced Its
work of death. The mortuary report of
Vick-burs f r the week erding las-
nrdsy shows that twenty deaths oeurred,
ten of which were from fever. The weath
er f-.i. i, h f-v .rsble to the devl
opuient of the disease, and if a "cold
anao" do "ot soon enfue. the mortality
mut increase Among those who fell
victims to the fever was Mr William At
kins one of the publishers of the Vicks
hnrp T.meB and Republican. The Herald
of the 24th pays a warm trib-ite to the
worth of the deceased.
Bv the Js-k,or Mississippi) Claritn
of last Tuesday, we regret to leern of the
death", hy yellow rever, or twowor ny
youngmen. Mr. Charles Kussell and K1
Richardson, Jr., sons of the late E P
sell ana Mr t mcnarason, me
ent lessee of the Mississippi peniten-
prese
tlsry
The Vstche i Dm-crtt. of the 21st, pub
Usbes a Hat or twenty deaths in that town
from yellow fever, all of which took
Slaoe within the ten days preceding the
ate of the paper
In Vidslis, Louisiana, the dlseas hss
been very destructive, no less tnan forty
even cases, fonrteen of wbioh resulted
fata'ly This, for a vlllage.of only a few
hundred Inhabitants, is a very heavy
death -rain.
Colonel Isaac N. Moon, of New Orleanr,
Louisiana, reached the city Wednesday
evening, and save there is no yellow fever
In the Crescent city
The wes' her now prevailing here warm
with omronal showers if it exist in a
proportionate rate further south, cannot
help but add to the virulence of the dis
ease, and until a change of atmosphere
takes plsee there is little hope for the die
appearance of the disease. D spite the
assertions of sensationalists to the contra
ry, there has not been a ease cf sickness
originstlng in Memphis this season thai
ot ld be considered analsgous to yel
low fever, sad there is nothing to tear
from thst source so late in the season.
LONOKE
The Rival of Forrest City es the Memphis
and Little Rook Railroad.
The Little Rock of Wednesdsy
says: "Forrest City and Lonoke are two
of the most thriving villages on the Mem
phia and Little Rock railroad. The form
er la now about three and a half years old.
It has a population of about aix hundred
two churches, a number of business
bonses and does a very large business.
In rapidity of growth it has no equal on
Ui) road except
MssTsaw
This town is hardly two years old. It s
one hundred and eight miles from Mem
phis and twenty-two from Little Book.
Young as it is, it already contains two
handsome churches one Methodist, the
other Baptist a good school, a Masonic
lodge, eight business houses already in
operation in addition to a drug store, a
coup'e of drur.-shops and thiee other
dry goods and grocery honaea that will be
opened in a short time. New and hand
some dwellings are springing up on all
idee It contains a population of about
three hundred. Small as It was, Lonoke
shipped about 3 000 bales of cotton last
year, and will nearly double it this.
It is attested on Prairie Long, two miles
west of Hicka's 8 a'.ion, which was for
merly the storpln? plscs. and two miles
south of Brownsville, the former county
site. Most of the former residents of
Brownsville and Hicka's Station now live
at Lonoke, thus concentrating the trade
of both at this point. There la not s vil
lage is the Bute that has a better country
to support it. All the Richwoods country
trades at this point, also the coon try west
and north of there, with a very lair trade
for twenty and thirty miles southeast of
that place. Located ust In the edge ol
the timber, with fine, large abade trees
surrounding the dwellings, and a con
stant breeae from the prairie, the spot is
very tempting curing s warm, aultry day.
The country ta near y level. The water
la excellent, and the population made up
of an industrious, moral and energetic
people.
"Lonoke is ths crossing place for the
White BJver Valley and Tersa railroad,
and aa that enterprise is In a fair way to
bs pushed forward it adda new impetus to
the enterprising population. A oompanv
has also been organia!, oomposed of the
principal cltissnaof Lonoke, to construct
a road from there to Jackson Springs, on
the Csiro and Fulton railroad, a distaooe
of fifteen milea. Altogether. It is hard to
find a village with more natural advan
tages, and a better population, in the
State. The watchword of the people of
Lonoke is Onward!"
CHANGE OF SCHEDULE.
Wsslttippl uk) T s m Ralimc
Omci gbttbbal BuFaamt aanao r, I
Memphis, May at, 171. f
OH and after BTJNDA T, MAT SB, 171, onu
ruither notloe, trains on this road will
run as follows:
Arrive. Leave,
ew Orleans dal)y..J p Ja. It 10 p.m.
Express dally 8 -00 e.m. fcS&p.m.
Fi sight dally (except Ban
dar) ,:aopjn. stsSsvm,
apu jam. YONufc, eea-t e-np't.
Orricx or ths r..n.Y Arr.AL.
I Tiii ESDAr, October STL
FIMA3K IA1
Ths local money market Is without charge,
envpt a slight redaction In the rate of Boston
exnitan re. Kales remain at 10 to IS par cent,
per annnm; upon the street the rate is n; to
JS per oent. per month. The general feeling
in the money market Is better and more confi
dence Is entertained, notwithstanding the late
news that several other insurance companies
have failed
F.xrhanice ts making froelj at '-.e on New
Y-rk, end?, to c on Boston; the Jy belar the
rate paid for demand bills, and &c paid for
sight Dills. New Orleans, northern sud east
ern exch-nge Is )fc discount lor buying, and
Kt'll in? at par.
The gold market is unsteady, with hut little
onering: neaiere uuj ai io& u ii"?i.
Loral stocks and securities are wlioll) un
changed; In tact the demand Is so light that
ao interest is manifested, and tbey remain
nnt.-L onlv now nd then some party offering.
We beard si tiW county warrant on the
mark.-t. holding at S4c. The best bid to
day for Arkansas levee bonds was -Sc.
Pitv hnnri are Arm at due. buying and (il
selling. Memphis and Charleston railroad
a:,-L- Te ii,i mi si m :t',se: 1st mortgage h-ndn.
N5 to MJc 2d do. 70 to (We. Memphis and Little
Ris k railroad snares are nominal ai luiooc:
1st mortgages. to TKc. Insurance stocks ar
talked over, but no oonclusion arrived at.
Hang stoek are quiet. Mississippi warrants
are in moderate demand, and asking So to H2c,
Mississippi Vslley, SO to 31c; Hernando. 01 to
S5e; rianters'snd Merchants' losu ranee shocks.
i to 87c: Alabama 5 s are quoted at bS to 70e;
do s s, SI 01 to 103. ArKansa rsuie warranus,
new. huyinu at twtoioc; do 0 i to aic: do 7 s
53 to .c: do s's. 7:1 to 77e. Mississippi Centra
railroad shares at is to Hie; lor lsl mortgage
dealers report 84 to 8tk- as the buying and sell.
Inr rates- ai do. 77 to 7se. MtssN-ippi and Ten
nes. railroad shares are lH bi 20c: do 1st inort
gae bonds, n2 to s4c; do 2d, 70c; consolidated 8
per cenls, sc asamg.
Stall road Shares la Mew York.
Niv Yore, October it.. 'II a in The market
la unsettled, with few stocks ottering.
fiantfro oTsi
Western Union Telegraph Company sj
umccsiiver i
Pacific Mall
adams Kxpreas..
Wei's. Fargo Co.
Amerlcao p i wess
United ritates Ellin
New York Central...
New York Scrip
Erie
Reading..
Michigan Central lit)
Michigan Southern VTfi
till- ills Central
Cleveland and Pittsburg 12M
Chicago and Northwestern ttojj
Chicago and Northwestern preferred..... 88V
Bock Island lWli
8 Paul SSK
St. I'aul prelerrea... 78
Ohio and Mississippi
Union Pacific 23
Bonds In New York.
Nxw York. October 28, 1025 a.m. Govern
meat securities are a fraction belter, with a
medium demand. Sterling steady at 108.
Gold is loaning at l-Stth of 1 per oent.
Gold ill";
Bonds of 1881 IUH
Komis o: is-u in
5-20 Bonds of ISM J 13
30 Bonds or 18tB 114
vao Bonds o: iMij, new ...iir
2U Bonds of 1867. new.
5-20 Bonds or 1888, new.
ti-40 Bonds
Pacific Sixes.
113
11S
-108
-Ill
October 28, 2 i .in
Lonpok,
ffrSjgSlB
U. S. 5-20 Bonds of 1J
D. 8. 6- Bonds of 1867
D. S. 10-sO Bonds.
rl.
New Loan
-z'a3
S01
821W2
wZSK
23,,234
1'dis.
toTres.
Sales to-day were 2000 hales. The reeling was
t-tier than at the close yesb-ruay. intact, lu
this market there was an improvement, at
leastot '.corona graues. i.-w miuaiing, ihi
was held yesterday at 17 and could nnd
no sale, was readily plcsed up to-day st
thos- figures, and while we quoted middling
at 17ssto 1B. we quote this evening at 17 to
17 The market In Liverpool opened quiet.
and closed strong at uuensuge,! prices in
New York, cotton opened quiet, and quota
tions unchanged, and closed easier.
Transactions were as follows: 58 strict
low middling. 17: 200 strict middling.
M middling. 126 low mlddrng,
3ttgYH! ordinary, 17: 28 good ordinary. 17;
4 middling, 17V; 65 low middling, I7M: 47 good
ordinary, 17V 70 low middling, 17;l6slrict
middling, Is; 7" strict low middling, 17' 104
strict low middling, 17; 101 strict low mid
dling, r" '00 bright middling, IN; .15 good
strict low middling. 1,; 1 low middling, I7V4;
oruiearv. itF. i miuduug. i.ss. is miaaiuii
l?5: S str'ct good ordinary, l.ic:H8 barely mid
dling, 175.4; 74 good ordinary- to low middling.
s giMd oranmry. 1.--: v low huddling, i:1.:
51 low mlddl ng. 17; 36 low middling, 17V f
low mlddl-ng. 17 m strict low middling. 17:
10 low middling, 17ti; 22 strict low middling.
17',. 13 middling, I7- M mldlling, ITVj,
lor me psm icu uujs coiion h.is n;id un-
asually low, taking into consideration the po
sition of the staple and the prospects of sup
plies In the future. Prices have declined lc In
this market since the 15th, and this In the face
of no matTlal Improvement In the crop. The
is-w Orleans rasag "ue 01 bmbsbssbw ssj s:
I.lveriK.oi.ihe great siil!iorlt- in tl.i-iottoh
market, is Just now loaded with Esst India cot
ton of Inst year's crop, sud nrloen the: are de
pressed In oonaeuu-liee. The low quotations
transmitted tsom Liverrool to every quarter of
the globe exercise a controlling innuebce uposi
prices In other marke's, and the staple there
fore continues to sell at 'stt-s whi'-h may be
considered as dl-proporllonatcly low in view
of the present prospects ot supply and de
mand.
"As w- have said bemre. the sunnlv of i.ast
India cotton oflerd in the Liverpool and Con
tinental markets at thl season of the year
naturally exercises a bad eflect upon the Amer
h-an staple. This is more strictly true this sea
son, for spinners had provided liberal stocks of
American coiion 10 run in wnn me poorer
s- thereiore, more indttpeudent
Itian lor y, its past.
This deprt-sslng raust'. however. Is but tem
porary, and will tie removed at an early nate,
when cottons from this side or the Atlantic
will take their true position, anil the circum-
nces certainly warrant much higher figures
n those which now prevail. The crop does
promise to exoeed 3.000,000 hale, though a
crop might enable the planters to save
more.
l"On the other hand, advice., from India are
not of a- encouraging character by any means.
The low range of prlues last season naturally
deterred the ryots from extending the acreage
under coiion, ami no- planting season p'ovexl
very unpropltipns The British commission
reports that thiweather it fie r the spring mon
soon proved to v for plsntlng In theoentrsl
provinces and iterarl, aud since the seed has
s-n put In the ground there has been eu-
tlre'y too much dry weather, and in many
places vegetation is being burned up
w ne tnese iscis are laaen into cmsldcra.
Ion, and atlowauce is made for the Increased
consumptive power of Kurope this year, the
position 01 tne uiaraei appears very -irons.
and the conclusion is forced upon us that
those engaged In the cotton trade will have the
advantage this season of operating upon a rls
ing market instead of a tailing one."
he following is 1 tie etnnejrattvs daily state
ment:
rloeelpts to-day..
Same day Last year
.-snipisM 1,. -day
Same day last year.-
Slock l..-d.,v M..
Last year
Total receipts to date.
Same time last year
loiai snipnients 10 daui.
Same uuic last year
Last year at this time middling here was
1
1
UN
981
2,10
uss
lie".
7.S5I
MJJI
28.081
44.:t
turn
Mbj In New York, I6V4C; gold, 111; uplands
o liorii.Kii
Osvttaa ntatesaesit.
The following Is the cotton statement to
late:
Chamber or Ccmmskck, 1
Memphis. October 2t: 1871.
to-k. September 1. 1871 8.179
llaoelved since last statement 1,965
ttaoatved provouiy 5J,lta-M,l27
36,108
2,183
4.
Skipped alnee last statement..
Shipped previously
Slock at noon to day
IMPORTS.
Memphis and Charleston railroad
Mississippi and Tennessee railroad
Memphis ana unio railroad
neamera..
m
372
448
47
200
457
..1158
381
wr
Esllmated per wagons
XX PORTS
Memphis and Cb-rleston railroad
Memphis and Ohio railroad.
Steamers north
Steamers south
Cotton In Mew l'srk.
I Naw York. October 28, 10 a.m.-sJes, 8132
receipts. 11.724: here. 447ibales. nrdlnarr.lS'.e:
good ordinary, 17c: low middling, ls'Be mid
dling. 18V. good middling,
fJIOiDO a.111. Cotton quiet and firm; Contraots
ociouer. isa-iuc, .oveiuoor, i- ,c; iieoemper,
18 a-ISc; January, H)4c; February, lilc April,
tSKc.
H:- p.m. Cotton market closed easier, sales
to spinners, 1180 bales; expoit,7:t4; speculation,
is; transit, couiracts x-,uoo October,
vi-l'-:; November. Is.-; llecember, 18ttc: Janu
ary, in v; April, I"' .c.
tut ion in Liverpool.
T.rvEKissti. October 26. 2 n.m .Cotton mar
ket strong: middling uplands. HVsd: middling
Orleans, 9 11-lSd.
T-La.DK.
weather, after the rain eariv this morn.
cleared off warm, business throughout
he day was, as usual, g,al. Merchants do not
complain In the least of dull times. The conn-
a trade oontlauea good, and prospects are
r for even an Increase. Merchants from the
interior are fast finding out the Importaut fact
li. at Memphis dealers In dry gtssls. boots una
shoes, groceries, and In fact even ottier line of
rade, can sen uieir go-his at as lows ngure, all
dings considered, as can be purchased In east-
em mar-el. Dealers nere, generally seaglng,
carry large stocks, and their assortments are
up to l in marae 1 rices geueruoy n e runs!
the same fur the past few days In dry goods,
l.sii-s and shoes and groceries, wnl, a few ex
ceptions, save a firmness and tendency to ad
v anoa. Coffee, for instance, has twi n excited
for three weeks, and c sitlnues very firm st the
advance, and in this market the very lowe-t
grade of coffee Is worth 22V. and from this
firice ranging to 25c. Holders have t he mstter
heir own way to s great estent. ami this fact,
with that of a abort crop, a decline need not be
looked for; shouia 11 come 11 win is very un
ea)cid. sugars are steady and firm at quo
tations, and should the crop prove whom Ihere
may be an advance experience-, lint snou spec
ulation is scarcely warranted as yet. Flour
since the conflagration m cloago advanced lu
the upts r market- 5oc on the barrel, and for
several days maintained the full ad ranee, hut
within the past week It has iosl 25c of the ad
vance. Wheat has also tost a part of the ad
vanes 11 gained two weeks ago; but freights
are the same, very high, and has done more to
advance flour In mis market than the adv -are
censed by the great fire; hat from the su Louis
l imes we see that high freights are beginning
to cause a decline lu (hat market, a hloh may
prove beneficial to this market, should It rea-h
anything like the advance In fre ghu. The
Times says, "Owing to the high freight, the
glad as- decline In wheat and the decline la
Prises east have created a sluarrishneaa In this
--si se. -wwj ,-,-ni uj uie real wan ts or
1 he south. Cholee gra tas have not 1
as at all and the lower grades ruled dull early
In the week, but the light receipts of qualities
up to low XXX have creeled a suarcety of such
grades, aud un them the market clows firmer
u un- ,i;n .D im,u( 1, mi so nrm
last week: For two weeks, up to Moodav of
this week, dealers hsve been reoelv na all
tbev could get transportation for. and there.
suit La lower prices. The demand does not
tend much beyond that of borne consumption.
Transactions from first hands to-day were light
O its.lKl sacks, at 48c; holders ask 50c Corn, old,
49 sacks at 7 c delivered: asking 08 to 7ie, but
round lots could he bought at 87c Bran 60
sacks sold at SX7 per ton II y Is sold at SS0 on
the levee and S32 In store. In corn meal there
has r-mn a decline of hie In the past four days:
35 barrels sold on the levee at 13 Ho; the supply
is i-iiter limn last week. The provision mar
ket Is in moderate supply and prices rule
about the same. Bacon is nncongea nut
Arm; clear sides are S to Mc; ahoaldera, 8 to
rflkc: clear rib, 8i to 8c; breakfast bacon,
12 V; sugar -cured, 17tol7c Mess po k. 114 50
too. As we stated yesterday, the slight ad
vance in the upper markets caused a firmness
In tills, flutter, cnoice. ifisc lor our 01 lm
i .e...... i,.k s; t.,-'":c- medium. 25c: the mar
ket is firm. Eggs -for choice, 2c, some asking
27c. but lots or quesiionauie age, w
Chickens are unchanged in price, ranging
from S3 to 4 50. Cabbage, 9 to 10. and smaller
crates at SL Potatoes are a shade firmer on
the levee. S3 15 to 3 Z, and in store as i 10 3 au.
Annlm are in good supply and unchanged.
to., bide market Is active and the demand
good. Deerskins, dry, JOc; dry' flint bides. Is to
19C: green salt nides, loic; ary wt swra,
14 to 14: green sides, 7c; sheepskins. No. 1
l.nre. SI small nd medium. 50 to HOc. Wool
washed. SOc: nnwaalied, .'15 to 87V,c Alabama
lime, per car load. II 50, and out of store, tl 60.
Oeaeral Market.
App-na SI bbl. S3 00 to 4 50: in demand.
BrthnKBS Matias Louisville cement,
bbl, (3 09: Uosendale cement, 83 m to 4; Plas
ter Par is, S3 75 to 4; Alaljama lime, tl 50 bbl
oy carload and SI 60 in store; hair, 60 l lb; lire
rlck,MV 1OO; common brick, S10 to 12 1000,
tellverea.
Kltteh Choice table. 27 to 28c: medium
25c: cooking. 12 to 15c: inferior. 10 to 12c.
HAOOIN-. tlemp ana nm. ios, .s 4c, ius,
tfc; iron lieSei to sc; oaung twine.ib to wc.
Bsoos Ciearsiaes, iswao; ciear riotsJM.
1871 1 Southern Palace 1872
o,c- .u
shoulders, sv.c: breakfast bacon. 11-..M
ni-ss pork. 1.4 50,.vlo: rumps, 10 jOsli; choice
ana cauvaaeo lams, i. uuoice plain nams,
lapse: insw tor, i'n;-ac.
Bra S2i v ton. .Scarce.
HRRSWax-25 lo Sn lb.
Cobkms-x Kiin-drled. S3 35 to 8 40: in store.
SB JO U19 CO.
CABbAOE SS to 10 per crate,
CorrKR Klo, gi to 25c
C ii nasi Selling at 16a.
Caxplss Light weight, star, 13 to 14c: full
weigumsc.
Cabmro Hoods Condensed milk. S18 60 to 14
case: cove oysters. 1 lb. si lu to I i i 82 lo
to I 25, per dog. Sardines, quarters, V case, S:5
to s; naivee, s. to si.
cun aKNS l oong, m to A oiu, 84 to J.
KoOS Fresh packed. 26 to .To.
Floi r SaiM'rs. 16 00; extras. 10 50 to 7 50:
good family, H 00 to 9 00; fancy brands. S9 50 to
tu w.
Fish White nab. 15 00 to 6 half bbl: kits
11 50; roe herring, r half bbl, 85; smoked her
ring, 45 lo 50c box new mackerel, V bbl: No. 1
115 to 18 hail bbl.SSjo; kits, tl 60 lo 1 75; No. 3,
large hbls, 810 50 lo 11; hall bbls, S6 50: kits, II 25.
UKAis v oro in goou supply anu lower at
!lo,ur. ,i i- p joc.
II. ..j L' I .1. I 1 a a, 1 K-C,..
sxiu, si s ao nixi to ii'xn, e; uo iuxio to iz x
18, r 50: do 14x22 to 16x24, 17 75. Jobbers allow
a discount of per cent on these rates on lots
to tne trade.
Hat Choice western timothy, on levee.
830 00; in store, S32.
Hardwakr Axes, ft dox, 810 50 to 14; shov
els, Ames's, 1 14 80, spades, Ames's, 115 50: cast
ings, oc; piovvs, Avery, eacn, pi :iron, v lb, r,
cast steel, 2 to 25c; German, 15 to 30c; nails,
14 50 to 00 I keg: rope. In to 21c.
H i prs, Wool., rtc Are In demand. We
quote: Flint hides, 19c; dry salted. It to 14V;
green sailed, i to 9c; green, 7c Wool s sale.
auie as o to ouc as in quality anu conu lion.
i r sa lis are taKen ai is 10 .is- o.-r pound.
and speep skins at 5oc to f 1 35 each.
uyi oks rujcuneii wuisay, gal, oi to si IDC;
Bourbon and rye. fl 25 to 450: Robertson coun
ty, 11 to 2 25; American gin aud brandies, f 1 10
to l 50; niguwines, m to aoc; claret wine, at case,
S3 75 to 4 50: port and sherry, per gal. SI 25 lo
2 50; Home bitters, dox, Se 50 to 7 50.
Leather Hemlock sole, lb, 30 to 35c; oak,
87 to 41c harness, .'tl to 3Rr; uppers, V dos, 36 to
48c; French calf, 840 to 80; American, S3o to 45.
Larp Keg, 11 to llc; tierce, 10 to 10c:
caddies, 13 to 14c
MuiiSWS-n Iionlslana gal in bbls. 35 to
85c- refined syrups, 35 to 7 V; In hall bbls and
ei's. Am lie h viler: New ftulslana Hlc
Matches Telegraph brand. 300 in box. 17 .50
A S-
to s; suori count, so so.
Oils coal oil, 30 to 31c gal: Unseed, raw.
i nr. A h.,11. A t in. 1., 1 Tl 95 a
80c; West Virgli la lubricating. 55 to 00c; colton
aeed oil, crude, 42c refined yellow, 52c; white
57c; cake, S2o r ton; cottonseed, SO per ton.
unions v obi, to o as,
Powpkr aitle, f keg, S3.
Potato-- V bbl, in shipping order. S3 IS to
3 40.
Paj NTS White lead. Collier's. V lb. lot- to
11 V: southern, lie, cottage colors; sine best
French, 16c; American, 12c; turpentine, 58c;
natent drver. 15c: Japan do. tl 50 ro 1 75 nntxv.
balk, 4 V; bladders, 5c; varnish, coach, S3 50 to
copal, 82 to 3; nre-proot paint. 89 bbl: whit
ing, gliders' best. 5c; Venetian red, 6c; yellow
ochre, 6c
Rica Carolina, prime new. 9c: Raniroon.H
to S.V: Patana, 8 u8V-
Roi'E, etc Cotton rope, V lb. So to 33c; Jute,
MtoIncb, 16c; grass, W to inch, 20 to 23c;
hemp nomluai: lute twine. 25c: paper twins.
25c; ootton, 30c; paper, rag, large, medium and
small, 5oc. 75c and tl rvr ream; Manilla, V lb.
15c
Sl'oak l-'flned wuite. crushed, powdered
and granulated, II to 14c; soft refined, 12
to lsc Loulslaai clarified, 12 to l ie; brown
and yellow bo .lead sugars, 9 to lie
STARCH I' let at SM to 11 lb.
Salt Kn iawha and Ohio river. S2 15 to 2 30
V bbl ol 280 lbs; dairy, bbl, S3 25 to 8 50; Liver
pool, V sack, S2 25 for flue.
.sH"T--f sack, 'si l.i.v;.
Hoajs German mottled, 7c: common, 5c
Boda In boxes, 7 to sc; In kegs 7c.
Tai.ow Quiet at 7o,
TlVWewM' s .i f A' ,i, r.. Tin .In,. 1s ,n
Xl4, III 5ir IX, 10x14. 14 So; IC. 14x20, S12 50; Ix,
11x20, 15 50; IC, rooting, 11c; block Un, 46c; cop
per bottoms, 42c; boiled sheet Iron, 26 and 27, SM
to irt.c; charcoal do, 9 to 9V.
Tohaixx) Manufactured tobacco, extra fine
and :anrv Vlrgialn work. 11 Sal 10- flue. SS as
Wo; good, To to 80c; medium, 60 to 7oc; common
54 to 58c; caddies, quarters, fine, 68 to 72c; good
medium, 58 to 2c; common, 56 to 00c; smoking,
oommon medium, 28 to 40c; line to fancy, 6oc
I NKG A R C lder.Ts bbl. 17 50 to S 50- wine vln.
agar. V gal, 30c,
Wmu amp Willow Ware Buckets, paint:
ed, 2 and 3 hoops, dos, 12 25 to 2 75 cedar, 2
and S hoops, S3 50 to lu 50- tubs, painted, bests
of 8, S3 75; No 3, 88 25; No 2, 8950; No 1, S10 50;
bowls, S3 to 7- trays, fo to 7: chums, pine, 16 to
23 Inches, V 50 to 11; cedar, lro -bound, 114 to
20; well-buckets, hoop ear, 15; wrought ear, S8;
large swivel, S7; washboards, wood, Si; zinc,
82 25- ax-handles, SI 50 to 2: measures, nest of 5,
1: ha. I bushels, dos. S.i: Iron-bound. S7:
pecks, 84: clothes-pins. V bjx ot 5 gross. 81 25:
splunli.g -wheels, dox. $35; brooms ring necks.
It dox, II ,o; burl, plait handles, fi 5u; fanry
baudks. S3: shaker. S3 50: kWhi Ixjat. 84: hick
ory splint, M; hearth, 12; whisk, fi 25 to 2 75;
mops, cotton, 7; sieves, iron wire, II 75 to 2;
plated wire, S3 is.
Live Bteek.
Beef cattle are In limited sunnlv with hrlsk
demand for better grades at IsS 00 for choice
13 504 50 for secoud quality, aud dull for com
monat 82 00423 80. Hogs are In good supply
wlUi fi.il liuiuirv at 5 0015 5 for smooth fat
block hogs, and 4 50 for half fattened shouts
Shts'p aud lambs are also scarce for best grades
and nrm at S3 50494 50 per bead for best grades.
suu nun lor interior ana common as aa en
Cows and calves are In better demand, with
none lu market; we quote them at S35340 ror
medium, ai d ISOaUlfoi choice.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The Means of fcsrsssr.-The fall has
many perils for the weak aud leeble, and Its
sudden atmospheric chsngei are trying to
the const! tut It n of even the robuat. The
chill ng temperature of the rights as com
pared with the a'most summer warmth of
the days, nscessailly exercises an unhealthy
lntlo-uce on all who are exposed to It.
Hmoe dysentery, diarrhea, ln ermittcnt fe
bllloas attacks, si.l derangements of
all the sccretlcns, are common at this sea-
1 he true way to escape them is to meet
the causes with a protective aud invigorat
ing medicine. Hosteller's Stomach Blltera
are designed for this exigency. This power
ful vegetable specific relieves the system of
all acrid humors, purifies the fluids, tcnes
the secretive organs, promotes healthy evap
oration through the pores Increases the ac
tlvlty of the digestive functions, cheers the
spirits, and regulates the bowels. To do this
to make the whole body vigorous, and
render It proof against the vicissitudes ol
temper-lure and against malaria. A course
of the great tonic and alterative la therefore
In all cases advisable as a pieventlve at this
on ir, on the other hand, the mischief
la already done, and intermittent or remit-
tent fever is actually preseut. or the liver,
bowels, or stomach disordered, there Is no
medicine so certain to eflect a quick and
thorough cure aa this harmless and agreea
ble preparation.
HATCH ELOB-T HUB DTK.
THIS superb Hair Dye is the best In the
world perfectly harmltss, reliable and
Instantaneous: no disappointment: no ridic
ulous tints or dissgrt eahle odor. The genu
lni Wm A. Bathelor's Hatr Dye produces
lrumedlste v a solendtd black or natnral
brown leaves the hair clean, soft, beautiful
does not contain a partlole of lead or lnturl-
onscomnonnd. Hold hv all drnsvlata Fas.
tory, IS BOND STREET, N. Y. oc6
LEA PERKINS' 8AUCE.
Pronounoed by Connoisseurs
"THE ONLY GOOD 8ADCE."
It improves anoet te and digestion, ami it
la unrivaled ror its fl vqr. We are directed
by Messrs. LEA A s KKKINS to prosecute ail
parties making or vending counterfeits.
'WISSI UtSt'ASS 8U.8,
ocS AGENTS. Nam York.
J. H. WACCENER,
317 i
317
NTBCET.
CLOTHING,
MERCHANT TAILORING
f Meaapbls. Is Well 1 Hied with caves! ee
AW. ERIC AM,
FRESCO,
asrd.l.KI.LlslH
woozisirsi
For aentlsmen's wear,
X. H. W AG4M EVER, Pre p' r.
Jeans far Men's and Beys' Wear, os
anion liannels
s-l Linen Table Cloths, only..
Linen Figured Uaiuatk, only
Hickory tripes, only
Plaid Wool Muse) a, only
Red Flannel, all Wool
White Flannel, medium.
Bed Bordered Towels, all l inen..
While Linen Napkins, Large...
White Linen Napkins, tunall
Ladles' White Cotton Hose...
Ladies' Linen Hematite lie land kerchiefs. Linen..
lies' Tape Bordered Handkerchiefs
Ladies' Stamped Boulevard Skirts
Ladles' Balmorals
MODERATE, j
317,
f
iUASH
0. C. H. M. LOEWENSTINL
Would call the attention of their friends and the citizens of
Teuneaaoe,
lt
X-ovaJKBlA-x
adlnsiinaippl.
To their increased facilities, unrivaled aseortmens and immense stock of Dry
Goods, Boots and Shoes, Clothing and Notions, with which they HAVE
FILLED the Southern Palace, and are offering at the smallest possible
advance on Eastern cost. Our
Dress Goods Department,
Is composed of the newest.designs and best makes of
SILKS, SATINS and VELVETS, all colors and widths.
CORDED POPLINS, SILK and WOOL,
BEOCHE, CORDED, PLAID and PLAIN VELOURS, all colors.
SATIN DTJCHENE, MERINOS, DELAINES,
WHITE TIGER FLANNELS and CASHMERES,
ALPACAS, all colors.
Blankets. 8 4 to 12 4. all makes, and House Furnishing Goods of all kinds.
We have the best assortment of
LadiA' velvet and Cloth Cloaks and Jackets.Shawls Furs
SS 7
a
Ever exhibited in the city of Memphis. Having our last season's reputation
to sustain ior selling tne Deal goods at popular prices, anu Knowing
the impossibilities of doing justice to our stock in a
newspaper advertisement, yet we are fully
prepared to sell goods at a smaller
profit than any other dry
goods house in the
Southwest.
And as an evidence, we quote below, in part, a List of Prices, vie.
S-4 Bran n Uomratlc, only
7-s Brown Domes tic, heat, en
4-4 Brown Domestic, heavy, only-
Bleached flumes lie
..0 1-3 cents per yard.
-10 cents per yard.
4-4 Bleached DomesUc, go
Plaid usnub u rg, onLy
striped uanabnrg, only
Apron Cheeks, only..
Bed Tick, eady
Bed Tick, only
18 1 a cents per yard.
8 1-3 eenla per yard.
..Li 1-3 cents per yard.
.13 1-3 cents per yard.
..13 1-3 cents per ynrd.
10 1-3 eenla per yard.
8 1-3 cents per yard.
-.13 1-3 cents per yard.
13 ecu u. per yard.
...13 1-3 rents per yard.
-.70 eenla per yard.
..29 cents per yard.
...13 1-3 cents per yard.
...IS 1-3 cents per yard.
eenla per yard.
Ladles' I sir-sets, nil slaeo........
Ladles' furs, tape and Mil IT, large si e
Hisses' Fan, t ape nnd Hnr.
Ladies' Black Cloth Cloaks..
Lndles' Wool and Break last Hhaw 1
4-4 Striped French Poplins.
Alpacas, all colors
Figured Poplins.
-la cents per yard.
-81 ier dozen.
8 1-3 cents each.
6 1-4 Cents eneti
..81 per dozen.
15 .rants each.
4 cents enen.
...81 each
7S eenla each.
...SO cents each.
Beady-Hade aud Trimmed White Aprons
Hen's rndershlrta
Men's Drawers.
-83 00 set.
..83 set.
-81 73 each.
50 cents set.
30 cents per yard.
20 eenla per yard.
30 rents per y nrd
23 nnd S3 cents each.
..00 cents each.
...30 cents each.
Men's Colton Hall-Hose.
Men'a rotten Hair-Hose, good..
....10 cents per pair.
lit cents per pair.
en's While Shirts..
Children's Woolen Hose.-.
While Wool Blankets...
T3 eei
8 1-3
ts
its per pair
83 30 per pslr.
fa 00 per pair.
Grey Wool
.thlnghnm Lace Curtains, three yards lona- S3 09 txr pair.
Planters will always find full supplies of
Linseys, Kerseys, Osnaburgs, Jeans,
CLOTHING, BACHELORS' BOOTS AND SHOES
N. B. Goods sent to any part of country per Expres, 0. O. D.
All parsons wanting bouse furnlshin. goods
are most respectfully Invited to examine ay
stock of Brussels three-ply, two-ply and ingrain
Carpels, Eoglisb ano American Floor Oil Cloths,
Mattings, Rags and Matts, etc Also, Parlor,
Chamber, Dlnalagroon and Office Furniture.
These Goods have bsen selected with great
cars. Aa in 8 peotion of them woold convince the
public as to tin quality, style and pries.
E, FEGAN, 260 Second Street
JOS H. KLUOTr.
BOBT 8. RIOO-LT,
ELLIOTT RIDCELY.
r
219 Mala St., Memphis Tean.,
(Under Woranam House)
EniillU WOOXa
EMBROIDERY MATERIALS,
English, French, German. Chinese Japanese
FANCY GOODS.
TOTS Of BTBBT KtBsO-UI-Tira
m
JAM STBJUja,
i. w. ea-ucrrn,
JHO. STK-J-S
ESUBLUHED IS 111,.
o. r. raiwoTT.
J. r. PRJtSOOTT.
0. F. PRESC0TT CO.
Coal Oil, Lard Oil, Lamps
LAMP FIXTURES L TINWARE,
MANUTAcrrrmsras or
Panola, Palm and Rosin Soaps,
Ko. ma MAIM NTOEKT,
Opposite Worahafn House,
KKMPHIB, TUNN.
sort, ash paid for grease ana tallow. (oelS
J. J. STEELE U CO.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
GROCERS, COTTON FACTORS
ABU
Dealers In Plantation SturU
Na 1 KXOHAKOB BUI-DIHO,
188 ftsst nlrees. i Mensnfct-, Tetw
WH LESALE TRADE.
OUB
MILLINERY AND FANCY GOODS.
STOCK or-
DH, T-ISH1.D HATS
1'OB L.ADH-S ASI tBlLDBKA,
JIWCLBT AJI1 FAUCI
tHMID, LAI K fiOODS
AUD SOTIOSB,
la now complete
Ws Invite the attention of errantry mer
chants and milliners to the above stock,
which has been selected with great care,
and will be sold at the lowest rates.
1 HBEHEB,
mjj nan Main street.
Admiairtrator's Notice
HAVING q. nail fled as administrator ol
0 J. 'Walker, decease this Is to no
tify all persons hav'ng claims against his
estate to H le the same, duly probated, with
me wtthlp the time allowed by law. All
persons 1 adebied to said estate will Plense
oome forward and settle wlthont delay.
tn-ocM XHOB. BOIJUIAH, sr--vtoT.
GUNS! GUNS!
A large and complete stock ot
English and German Suns,
At Importers' prices.
sWThe attention of country merchant! Is
respecirnuy invited.
ORCILL BROS tsV CO.,
Importers and Jobbers of
Hardware. Cutlery, Suns, Etc.,
aiOnd SIBrront St.
DENTAL NOTICE,
C3rm TBT- Hurd
,4
DENTIST,
245 Main Street,
Has formed an association with
Or. J. J. ROSS, SURGEON DENTIST,
who makes a specialty of fl'llng teeth, and
will give the closest, attention to the greatly
Improved science f saving the natnral teeth;
also pays particular attention to the treat
ment of diseased gums so l teeth, and the
rexmaflon of children's teeth.
G. tl. Hurd. the 1- tronucer lntn Memphis of
N1TROO OXIilEGAS.
mc ned its use In 18-t. and has alven It over
17,001 ttmet. wlthont acc.dent. He makes tills
6 as by his patent, m-gulitor 'hat pr-vents ts
est ejtceer.lng 3-0 avoiding the burning of
the nitrate of -mmouia and generating im
pure gas, rendering if harmle.-i.
No. 245 Main Strset, Up Stairs to the Left.
J. 3E.C. BAXITON,
UTTLK BOCK, AKKASNAH,
Ag-ent ler the Pnrehase, Bale and Lease
I Beat Eatnle.
Valuable city property for busineas and res
idence to sell and lesse. Deals lc State and
County Scrip; taxes paid and collections
made.
BVtfera to Merchants' Nation al Bank 8. H.
Tacker, Banker, and Messrs. Stoddard A Bro
Bankers, aw Send for catalogue. eclo
I. s TATE,
Desoto Co., Mlaa,
T. e. TATS,
Memphis, Tenn.
COTTON FACTORS
Arm
8E-KUL COXMU8IOH M Fit) H ABfTfS,
Ne. 270 Frost Street,
Over Brooks. Weely Co. j Memphis, Tenn
W. B. CALBREATH,
COnON FACTOR
-AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT.
Magnolia Block, Up-stalra,
2 Unioe Strset M-mp m, Tsnn.
LA-WEST SCHOOL IB THE SOUTH.
NASHVILLE, TENN.
T K. WARD'S Seminary. Parents wtah
V, lng very superior city advantages for
their daughters, In the most successful
school of the South, at reasonable charges,
will send for a catalogue to W E. WARD,
Open Sept. 7, (anlo) Nashville, Tens,
Memphis and Louisville
SUMMEK SCHEDULE.
Jobs 12, .871.
Train leave Day Express HI Am.
Hew Ti rk p.m
Brownsville accommotlatlon leavts
dally t p.m.
Elegant sleeping cars run through to St.
Louis and Lonl-vllle on the U:5 p.m. train.
The 4 a.m. and ortx p.m. trains do not rot
03 Sunday. J. P. BOYD.
Jyl5 Superintendent
W V W wa nrw an
Are indorsed and prescribed by more lead
ing Physicians than any other tonic or stim
luant now in use. They are A SURE PRE
VENTIVE for Keverand Ague, Intermlttenta,
Biliousness, and all disorders arising from
Mlaamatlc causes. They are highly recom
mended as an antl-dyspeptlc, ana in cases of
indigestion are invaluable as an Appetiser
and Recnperant, and in cases of General De
bility they have never in a single Instance
fS-'tfid in producing the most happy results.
TZiv re particularly BENEFIl.TAL TO FE
MALES, strengthening the body. Invigorat
ing the mind, and giving tone and elasticity
to the whole system. The HOME BITTERS
are compounded with the greatest care, and
no Tonic Stimulant has ever been offered to
the public SO PLEASANT TO THE TASTE,
and at the same time combining so many
remedial agents. Indorsed by the medical fra
ternity aa the best known to the Pbarmaco
peeiy. it costs little to give then s fair trial,
and
Every Family Should Havs a Bottle.
We ask every one to read the following cer
tificates from many ol the most eminent
physicians in the country
St. Louis, July, 1870. J AMES A. JACKSON
A CO. i Gentlemen As yon have commnnl
eated to the medical profession the recipe of
the "Home Bitters." It cannot, therefore, be
considered as a secret or patent medicine, no
patent having been taken for It. We have
examined the formula for making the "Home
Bitters,"' and nntiesitatlngly say the combin
ation is one of rare excellence, all the arti
cles used in its composition are the best of
the class to which they belong, being highly
Tonic, stimulant, gtomaehlc. Carminative
and slightly Laxailva. The mode of prepare
lng them is strictly in aeaordance with the
rales of pharmacy. Having used them, seen
its effect In our private practice, we take
pleasure in recommending them to all per
sons desirous of taking Bitters, as being the
best Tonic and Stimulant now offered to the
publlo.
L. Ch. BotSLliar., M D. F. F. Po-TjtR, M. D.
AXTBKD HBAOOCK, M. D. C. GCKICKX, M. IX
Dull McDowill, U. D. C. A. Wake, M. D.
J. C WHITniLD M. D. K. A. C ASK, M. D
Dr. C. V. F. LtJDWia. B G. Mosns, M. D.
W. A. Wttoox, M. D. Hubt psikm.
U. 8. Makink Hospital. St. Louis. Ma.,
Oct. 8, 1870. J AS. A. JACKSON A CO. I have
examined the formoia for making the "Home
Stomach Bitters," and rued them in the Hos
pital for the last four months. I consider
them the most valuable tonic and stimulant
now in use. H. MELCHER.
St. LOUTS, July 8. 1870. -JAB. A. JACKSON
A CO.: Having examined the formula from
which your celebrated "Stomach Bitters" are
prepared, and having wltneased the method
of combining the different ingredients, we
can safely recommend them as the best tonic
with which we are acquainted. From the
Great care with which they are compounded,
and from the choice materials which enter
Into them, we have no doubt that they will
prove, as they deserve to be, the tuost popular
tonic and stimulant In use.
Respectfully, yours,
Vasti X, M. D. T. G. COMSTOCK, M. D.
we cheerfully concur with every word con
tained In the above testimonial.
J BO. COHSSXJ-AN, M. D. JOHH Hi RTA,M.D
CHAS. VASTIKB, St. D. JOHH TXKFLK, M. D
G. a. Walk-b. M. D. E. 0. Fbakk-ih ,M JO
Ctkotkhatt, Out. IS. 1ST0. Messrs. W. B.
KENNEDY A CO., Agents "Home Bitters":
Gents Agreeable to your request, I have ex
amined the formula of the Home Stomach
Bitters," and find the remedies It co-talus
such aa are in general use by the Medical
Profession. They are very scientifically and
pleasantly combined, and as stimulating
tonics will be found especially adapted as
corroborants to the treatment of low or de
bilitated stages of the system, whether aris
ing from impaired digestion or from malari
ous diseases.
Dr. J. L. Vatti-bs. L. A. JAXas, M. D.
B, a Ways-. Chemist C. T. SiairsoK, M. D.
W.T.TAXJArx-AOjt.D. S. P. Bon. via. M. D.
J. J Quins, M. D. C. B. Muecaoa-r, M. D.
J. H. Buckhxb, M. D. O. W. Bie-XB, M. D.
W. K.WOODWAJU1, M.D. G.A.DoUGHS ITY.M.D
CHICAGO, Sept. SO. 1870.-J. L. SMITH, Esq. I
We have examined the formula for the Cel
ebrated Stomach Bitters," and find It to be
composed of articles that are considered the
bast tonics used by the Medical Profession,
and one of the best bitters we know of now
in use. Very respectfully,
H. 8. Hah. M. D. a MoVicab, M. D.
J. a Walks-, M, D. G. A. Ma-xrzb.
NOSMAH 8. BAXJ.BB, M. D.
Fir Sals ky all Druggists aa. Grssera
HEHDRIX, MeNABB 6 CO.,
mL9
Agents. Memphis, Tenn.
KEBLE HALL,
Sctooi tor Yosjag La ilea
no WASHINGTON STREET, MRS. A. C
1 ISO KETCH CM, PsiSOirAL. Swaalon be
T.ptesaber 1, Ufn. an
C. Tax AnwKtj-, ale M each am a Tree dwell
A. Tax AnwXLL, of Traadwsll Bros.
B. A. tmauwxll, of TreadweU Bros.
B. D. TaaADWaLL, of Treadwell Bros.
A. C. Treadwell Bros.
WHOLESALE GROCERS
AND
COTTON FACTORS,
No. K UNION STREET,
STONEWALL BLOCK, MEMPHIS. TENN.
a AVE ONE OT THE LARGEST STOCKS
it has ever been their pleasure to offer,
both to the city and country trade, eonslAtlnK
in cert, vis:
laoo bagrs CoSTee loo -rem Sails i
.iS Of-!'. Ntrsr
SSSS Belle, lrea U. -Jl -.m...
leee kau. a-sii i see SMa Wbasky t
See rases Oysters i
Baeew. Jleaa Hark. Uiu. l-i
Hnrkerel. Melaaaea, HesU. ava-T
shew articles In their Usae saw
The attention of wholesale dsai.r. i. .n-.
elally invited to their larg s'oek, which ii.s
been gotten np with great care, and la offered
at prices that moat psove satisfactory to buv-
I'V.f :r Ootton Department Is under ths
charge of A C. TRKAD WELL, who glvea ta
person lat'emioi. to lbs BnMoJ otto-Lan
having had is j ears experience In the husl
nes, teel competent to do luslice to ahlprers
in the sale of lie staple. They world fnrther
return thanks fur the very liberal patronsge
bersiorore extended to them, and respect
fally solicit a ooatlnnance ol the same.
sen tuw
Capital, $10 000,OUO in Gold
The Cb esgs Losses will sot affect tie
NORTH BRITISH MERCANTILE
Fire Insurance Co.
OF
LONDON AND EDINBURG.
J G. LONSDALE, Agsnt,
So. il HAOISON STB SET. KMPHIaV.
D. K. HCBAB,
8. P. WALKXa
MCR.AE 4 WALKER.
OFFICE Lee Block, Union at. Practice In
all the Courts of the city, lnolodlng
-rimlnal Court In capital cases, and In the
anprsms Cnnrt ai srkson. asp?
REMOVAL.
BH. TOWN3EVD has removed but ofBce
to No. Ban Front street, over St ation.
James a Co and wonld respectfully call the
attention of bis numerous friends and ctuio-
mera to nis cars oelow.
0. H. T0WNSEN0,
Ootton Faotor
AND
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
IS. SS0 FBtOXT STREET,
OC'l dAw EMPHI8, TENNESSEE.
SVBsggtng and Ties furnished customers
JOHN LILLY.
IMPOETXK AJTO nXAUCX IS
Wines and Liquors,
No. 351 Mala Street.
MEMPHIS,
(ocS)
MISSISSIPPI ft TENNESSEE R. R
BZCBXTABT AUD TXK A TRXB'S OrVICX,
aia his ucmoer iz, mi. I
pHKAnnual Meeting of the Stockholders
I' of the M eslaslDDi and Tennes.es Rail
road Company will bs held st tbe Pea body
Hotel, Memphis, on Wednesday, loth of No
vember, 1871. al 11 o'clock Am., at which time
an election will be held for Directors tor the
-nSQlu i year. Stockholders and fhelr fami
lies will be passed free bv exhibiting their
'toe a certificates to the conductors.
"la H. H UR Heeretary.
To tlao JP
NEW COTTON PRESS
r HAVE ir vented a cotton press which it
I nulls 1 to ths wants of :he fsriner: stny a
lmplsnari ngement and m.y wmra l
McClellan A o $a Front street; Sharps
KoberT-s. 11 Mo: rrpitrett: Thoj. Alpxanl-
MJj Moiiroe atrs-i who have the Dress (or ait
and can tsstlfy ti .t. anpriority
i W.BW1MCSBUAU,
oc.3 Bolivar, Tsnn.
DRESS MAKING.
M. E. ABAII takes plssunre in an-
Tioancirik. to her old natrons and t'-e
Bnbllc generally, that sb htm resnuied the
.BKm MA KIN 4, BilllsEHliAf 9IO.3I0
UKMUTO MTBKKT, third door south o:
vance, where she Is prepared to flil all or
ders In her line. In the latest sty las. always
nvini an assortment of patterns on hand
Cotton Presses
AND-
HORSE POWERS
mm
ReynsItU" Revslalsg Wrtsjfkt irsa Sorsw
COTTON PRESS
s an Improvement on the sao popular
Screw Presses, and is pronoun' d to be the
most complete, durable and er worklna
Press now on the market Toe wools weight
the Press with the Ootton in the box stand-
on a pivot, enabling twe men or one horse to
press a oou pounu naie witn csaae.
TBI BtETIf O Del HSBSl PO WIS BUS I
Is unsurpassed o strenrth and durability;
they are manuf clured xpressly for otton
Ulnnlng, Corn Ills ai i other plantation
work. These ar Idea t. ok the PB-JfiDMS
it the Tax Ta ixrAr-,1871.
Mannlactnred sew Orleans, at
BEY.YOt.IWi IRON WO it MM,
,'objibb South Maxxxt asd pultos sts
Near St. Mary's Market.
W ti. KXT?foi.ne, nopnetor, fox issv.
umce na Depot, a uarocdeiet
SHI I AHOa7. AGSNT FOB 8WIFTU
IRON AND STEEL. WORKS, la Agent for
the above Press In this section of the coun
try. The Press cam MM sbbh, m rnu woaf.
xwa oanxs by at Swift's Iron and
Steelworks,
196 MalD Street, Memphis, Tsaa.
W Come and examine this wonderful Im
provement in Cotton Pi asea,
r Agents wanteo ev rywnexw.
sr send for Price List. anil dew
CHICAGO FIRE
THE NATIONAL ELGIN WATCH CO.
Pi sand safely through tbe great conflagra.
'ion, tbe bulk of their stock being at Par -torv.
In Elaln. and in vaults that were unin
jured In Chicago. They have resumed busi
ness upon tne aoutnwest corner oi ureas t asm
West Washington streets, where tbey are
prepared to promptly fill orders from the
trade. A fall supply of all grades of the El-
6n Watches on hand, warranted to gl ve sat-faction.
Two hundred thousand copies of the Elgin
Almanacs for 1ST2 were burned, together with
E ectrotypea. at the Printing House of Cul
ver. Paee A Hovne The Almanacs are now
blng reprinted i- New York, and will be
ready for clrcu '-tlon early In Deoenber.
THE BTATIOBAL. WATCH CO.,
S. W. cor. Ureen W. Haahlsatan Sis.,
I II II it'll, 1UA
Be. 1 Maiden Lane, new Tork.
Cha ce'y Sals of Real Estate on
luesaay, aovenaer za, ivi.
No. BsTSMary E. Delbrldge et al. vs. Nancy
Edwards et ai.
BY virtue of an oraer ol sale made In this
came I will sell at public auction, to the
highest bidder, on the pram less,
Tuesday, November 28, 1871.
Within legal hours, the following described
rami estate, to-wit I ,vlns and brine in the
county ol Shelby and state of Tennessee, In
the 11th Surveyor's district, range 5 and S,
section i and a: beginning at the soutbesst
comer of Bryan and Freeman's 47-acre
entry; thence north 370 poles to an elm, the
northeast corner ot ss-a entry; tnenoews..
Utt poles and ts links to a hickory on the di
viding corner between John Bland and Rob
ert Knox; thence south 11K poles to a s'ake
with a wniteoaa ana aogwooa pwiuwre
an.,, wi- ..oIa. to a stake, dosu k ana
elm pointers; thence to nth Ji( poles to a
hickory: thence east us po.es and a licks to
the begin n in containing arX acres, be th
same more or less.
Txkm.1 or cAL-v-uenmnu i nu Balance
Ino-e an- two year.; tbe purchaser giving
bond, with securities. Pes ring Interest at li)
percent, persnnum; lien retained until pur
chase money IsfnUy paid. This Oct. at, 1x71.
aa. i. i- diss &AA v.iBra ana ureter
Homes Posvon, Sol oompl te. oaf
HOPE HALL fifz;
A SCHOOL FOB OIBJLSAJJD BOYS,
Aa 6' x. iwr, i aisuipal, mas oeeaa Ttv
moved to No. IIS Miuau ATantja. where
m mmmm t -uu wiu
S I ELECTION NOTIUE.
be-a re-
Bet-" the First -tatay
1871.
Spacious grounds (nearly three acres), good
water, oontjaru u-s .cnooi.roo-s, sappiiso
with Imoroved acnool nirnltura. a tar nd
beautiful grove, are features whieh make the
tocauon ootn neattcrai ana aeairaoie.
The Pnn-ipal pledges his entire mi aa ales
to the labor of advancing pupils entrusted v
is care.
Discipline end thoroughness the two lead
Ins cbaraoterinUc- of the school.
fU-ferenses r-Bjelor 1 J. Busby, Major W,
U. Beard, David Walk, H. A. Littleton, Or. D
(Jo John K. Tnof yM
O ODTHEB1 M
O Mkirt HsnnlMlery,
1SH Matat aareel. ne .r
Waahlngtoai (Season of
1S71 1K7..) The improved
Kugsn's Skirt, with ad
'nsisble Bust'e. is now
reaoy. In all sows; also,
the Empress Skirt, to be
worn with separate Boa
tie. Special attention ls
called to my complete
etoca or real rreDcn cor
sets and Children's Snp
watsis, witn
nor tu
"Oi-esu's Ert'broldered, Long and Nursing
Corset-; Werly'a plain Corset; Mme. Lea
pant's hort ljrset; Mine. Poy's Pkir. Snp
poTung corset ice -keieton Corset: M'eeser
French Corsits. and the ce, long side .tel
Corset, bandraade. These Corsets ars the
beat; can be pure-wed only tn the manufac
tory. Also, tbe Improved KhonldeT Braces;
Breast Pioiectors. in whalebone, sllverwlre
and unaUole rur ber. Wholesale and retail,
seal i orris lansk.
MRS. MAfiY MONROE
Has retnrntd from the North and respect
fully Info ms ber patrons nnd friends t lat
the has taken the rooms No. an bayoao
Block -sin street, where .he will be aiad to
see them. Drees Makm Im I be I etesl
eiylenm. cos
Probata Court Sale
MAIN STREET PROPERTY.
No. SS, B D. In the Probate I'nnit of Shelby
county. Ter.ne-aee.-p Tobin aud wife.
Mary Tobln, admin lstretr.x of the estate
of K. V. O'-tanoney. deceased, vs Ed ward
0Mahoney.
UNUEB and by virtue of a decree of sale
from i he Probate Coort of Shelby coun
ty, made st its present October Term, IS'I, I
will sell st public unction. In front of the
courtr.onse door, on Union street. In tbe city
of Memphis, on
Monday, November 13, 1871,
between the hours of 13 o'clock a.m. and
o'clock p.m., the following described Main
stre-t property, to-wlt: Beginning at a point
on Msln Ktrtet to fet north of tbe Intersec
tion of the alley between Market and Win
chester streets with -tain street and at the
north side of the brick engine house; tbenes
running northwest Tardly and with Main
street ib feet and S Inches; thence westwsrd
ly and at right angles with Main "street &5
feet; thence southwardly and parallel with
Main street SI feet 3 inches; thence eastward -wardly
15 feet to tbe beginning being part
of lot '43, as laid down on the plan of said
oily ot 4 emptils.
Tehms or Sale One -fourth cash; balance
tn S, IS and is month-; tbe purchaser execut
ing notes with approved security, and a Hen
will be retained on the land until all ot the
purchase money is paid.
JAMES R BILLY, Clerk.
By J. H Cuuxa, Ueputy Clerk.
H-nton, Estea A ihuhlel), Sols, for com
plsinaata. tri-oeis
Chancery Sale of Real Estate
ON
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 27, 1871.
In the Second Cnanotry Court of Shelby
County, Tenneasce. No. 4293- Yerby B.
Davis and uan 0L Davm v. Uue B. Fur
guH:n et a.
BY virtne of ad order of sale made tn this
canae 1 will sell at public anctlo. to
the high jt bidder, la front of the Clerk and
Master office of the Seeond Chancery Court
0 Shelby county, In the city ol Memphis,
Tennessee, on
Friday, October 27th, 1871.
within 1 getl boai'H, the fo lowing described
real estate to-wlt: A certain traot of lnd,
laid off aa tb newer of said nsaii C. Davis,
contain n 100 acres, hvtng a front of
IM tel. and running back 7V2 'eet; the nam 3
being s p-M or and off the west end of Ike
foMowln-rttract of -and, alinated in t h county
of ot-ely. abou three miles fro-u the city
of Meniphls and su;h of aud near the
Memphis and Charleston railroad, and
b untied as ioU jws, that IVjkMMj beginning
1 chains north, and Ml links, east of tie
((tntuwest comer ot theorlgtaal J. D. Martin's
tract of 20 seres known as the SotU' trac
tiense norths chains to a stake; theue esdi
12 chains If links to a stake; thence sootr s
chains to a -t thenoe weat 2 chain
links to te beginning containing V 79-itiO
.ores.
TEUVS CF SALB One-thirl ht) in cash,
the balance tn six and twelve men: hi' time.
Purch-aeror parchnses must comp j with
theiernAtoi sale within ten days from dale
ot sale, or the said property will be a iver
tlsed and reso.d, and th deUnqnant pur
cbSMer charged with thecxta.
Tb s not-r 2, 1871.
M.D L. STKWART, Clerk and Master.
Harris Plilow, sots, for com pi t-. oeii
Attachment Notice.
In tbe rtrst Clrenit Court ot Shelby county
Tennesaee T toi. Day. D B. Foster and (J.
w. Kealborer. psrtuers. doin- business un
der tbe name and st le of Foster, Keainoter
A Co.. vs Wm ClamplU
IN t-la cause an a tachment having been
aued ont under section V56 of tbe Code and
returned into Court. levied tfpon tiie pioperty
of deteniiaut, to-wlt i Twelve bslee of col
ton, marked each 1. A J the properly of de
fendant and affidavit nuvlng neen made tbst
the defeudsnt Is indebted to plaintiff in tbe
eum of SliiS 06 by a note, and tl, tbe de
fendant la a noa-realder.1 of the State o
Tenneasee;
It ts tberefore ordered, That be make his
ISIHHial appearance herein, before tiie Jude
of the First Circuit Coart ol Shelby County,
at the oourt-hoose in the city of Memphis,
on the third Monday in January next, ano
tlefen said attachment snlt within the time
prescribed by isw or tne same will be pro
ceeded with exparte, and that a copy of this
order be pnbl!6hed once a wee for :our con
secutive weeks in the Memphis Appeal.
Done at office, this ICth dsy tctob r, 1871.
FRANK TAFT, Clerk.
By L. E. Boewxi l. Deputy Clerk.
Jamiln A Fiayser, Att'ys tor rlalntlfls.
wed-ocll
IA rrryTirtns of an order of tbe Honor, bie
I will ops-Conr'. o shslriy ranty. in v ar
isen! voting SA'ts present i to 'a.
Saturday, MoVfc:
eonnty, on
I IA7I
ooBJ
Notloo.
State of Tennessee, 1
County of Sbelbv,
AN orleinsl attachment having been sued
out cn affidavit made and bond given, as
In anch cases provided by law, by S Barn
rnontree and against tbe estate of C. C. Bale,
aa a non-resident of the State ol Tenceese e
and a citlxen of Arkansas: and said attach
ment having been levied by garnishment
and returned by the proper officer:
It la tberefore ordered. That C. C. Hals do
make bis appearance before ms, T. t lilies.
Justice of tne Peace, on Saturday, tbe 15th of
November. 1S7I, at 10 o'clock a.m., to plead
or answer to said attachment; and 11 is ur
ther ordered that this order be publiaheo
In the Memphis A ppsal onos a week for four
successive weeks. This 16th of October. bTi.
ocW THOS.L.tilLKS.JP.
NON-REStOENT KQTIuE.
No. 418. B. In the First Chncery Court of
Shelby County, Tenn. Jan es Hall et tut
va Sarah E. Darnell et ai.
IT appearing from an affidavit in this cause
that the defendants. Sarah A. ISarnell.
Anna D rnsll and Maiy K.Darnell, residents
of Todd county, Kentucky, and non- resi
dents nf ths State of Tennessee.
It la therefore ordered that they make their
appearance herein at the Court house In the
city of Memphis, Tenn.. on or before the first
Monday In December, 1S71, and plead, answer
or demur to complainants' bill, or the same
will be taken for confessed aa to them and set
for hearing exparte; and that acopy of this
order be published once a week, for four
successive weeks, in the Memphis Appeal,
A copy Attest.
EDMUND A. COLjC, Clerk and Master.
By R. J. Ulacx, D. C. and M.
J. P. Carnthers.aol. .'or compi't. c8an
Hob nssMsat Notice
Na 58. R. In the First Chancery Court ol
Shelby county, Tennessee. Lon is Selby vs
A. M. Ferguson, H. (J. Dent et al.
IT appearing from affidavit in this canse
thst the defendants to the amended and
supplemental bill Hied bereln, to-wlt: John
Ferguson an 1 William Ferguson are clilaens
ot Ohio, and non residents of the State ol
Tennessee; also. It appearing from Shell-
return on original pr cess herein that Sarah
L. Dent oannet be lound In Shelby county;
It Is therefore ordered. That they make their
appearance herein, at the court-house in the
city of Memphis. Tenn., on or before the first
Monday In December. 171, and plead, answer
or demur to complainant's amended ano
sepplsmr-tal bill, or the same will be taken
for confessed aa to them and set ror bearing
exparte; and that a copy of this order be
published once a week, for four sncoea eive
weeks, in the Memphis Appeal.
Acopy- attest:
SDMUND A. COLE, Clerk and Master.
By K. J. Lack, 1' a d M
Vance ar d Anderson, sols, or com. eels
Naa-Rssldsnt Notice.
No. 174 B. D In the Second Chancery Court o
Shelby County, Tenneasee. Alex. Su-auj-s
1 1 al. va. S. Schuster, Mrs. Henrietta how
era et ai.
IT appearing from affidavit Bled in thi
cause that the defendant. Sr.. Henrleita
Bowers, Is a non-resident of the State of Tsaa
It is therefore ordered, by the Clerk
and Master, That ahe make ber appear
ance herein, at the court-house of the
Second Chancery Court of Shelby county.
In the city ot Memphis. Tenneasee, on
or before the first Monday In November, 1B71
and plead, answer or demur to complain
ante' bill, or the same will be taken for con
feaaed aa to her and set Bar bearing exparte,
,i ,h.t win, of this order be nnnilaheo
onoe a week lor four successive weeks in
the Memphis Affbax. This October ftb, 1871
A coot attest:
M. D. I STBWART, Clerk and Master.
By C. Bb-chxb, Deputy C. and M.
L. and K. Lehman. Sola, for com. oc7
NON-RESIDENT NOTICE.
No. tu. R. Iii the First Chancery Court ot
Shelby county, Teunassee The Memphis
and Ohio railroad company vs. John D.
Champtin et al.
IT appearing from an affidavit in this canse
that John D.Champlln la a non resident ot
the State or Tenneasee.
It la therefore ordered. That he make
his appearance herein, at the oourt-hoose
in the city of Memphis, Tenn., on or before
the first Monday in December, wri.and pie d
answer or demur to complainant s bill or the
a me will be taken .or confessed aa to him
and set for hearing exparte; and that a
copy of this order be published onoe e week,
for Jour -aeoesalve weeks. In the Memphis
Aope,U.
A copy Attest
EDMUND A. COaJS, Clerk and Maater.
By B. J. Black, Deputy C.AM.
L. D, McKlselc. SoLtor ComplX oSsu
to test the sense of the anl
era of said conntv oat ratrr-fn.
roving the aetaoa of the OoVtSV.
nJnSWIl In agmslng anil B oas-iliij. to noorae
on behalf of and in the uamo as t-e ees aty
fifty thousand dollars, tn iount o the
bonds of the Memphis area e.'.gh Ksi road
Compsny, payable at 1 ye --srir. elant
per cent., wltb roup ni atSnelkM, payaSe
semi-annually, upou toe is M id-i eensn
tionsa ecifisd in lha order, alcb ts here
with published
Those who I. ror the loan or the credit of
the county, as indorsed BtwIsssBB. will write
or print on their tickets, For wean." and
those opposed will write or print tn their
tickets, No
A list of tbe Judges, clerks and officers will
be poo, 1 be ore the day of elc' ou.
October Id, I STL
MARCUS J. WRIGHT,
Bherio of Shelby county.
Shelby County Qnarterlv Coart, October
Term, 1171. Thursday October 5, 1871.
THE v.mphU and Raleigh Railroad Com
pany, having applied to thl. court
through t hetr representatives for the loan on
the credit or Shelby county, Tennessee, ss
in-orser or guarantor on tne bonds of Mud
eoTpany to the amount of S6u,tns payaole
lo j.-srs from date of issue, bearing e Si
pr cent. Interest, with coupons attach art
payable reml-anr,nally, at the office of said
com piny, in the city of Memphis, said bonds
to be Issued by the company and Indors-d
hy the county whenever the company shall
rave first graded, bridged and lied ths entire
road from Me aphis to Kalelgb and paid for
taeaame and when lusued the same shall be
and constitute a lien superior to ail others In
tavor ot tne county upon tne r-iao, trou, ties,
bridges, rol'ln- stock, enatnes. ortvtleees
and franchi-ei to secure the payment oi said
'Kind, and coupons at mstarlty;aud hellev
inc that the construction of said railroad
wlil promote the interest or the people of
Shelby county, and that the county will be
pro'cteo in me indorsement or saia oonas:
It Is thereiore ordered by the Court. That
tha Chairman of this Court be and he la bar e-
oy autbo-laed and directed to indorse in tns
name and on behalf of Shelby county tha
o-.ta of tbe Memphis and Raielith Railroad
Company described, aa aforesaid, to the
amount oi uny inouaa na aousrs, wnenever
the President and Dlraetor of said company
nbal! have certified to and satisfied him tnat
sald company has graded, bridged and tied
tbe entire road from Memphis to Haieutn
and pnld ror the a .me, and the credit o- Shel-
y county la bereb; pledged for tne payment
of f aid bunds and coupons at maturity t hsrof.
I That this loan of the credit or Shelby
eonnty shall become Binding only when rjit-
ified by the constitutional ma orlty or the
level voters of the county, and to teat their
sense of this question
it is hereby ordered, mat tne emeriti or the
county make publication in two dally papers
pabllahed in Memphis of an election to be
held tor that purpose at ths regular voting
precincts of the county, on Saturday, the
nth of November, l7i, and that a copy of
this order be, with the notice of the election,
published for thirty days preceding the also
BBBBk
B Those who tavor the loan shall, at aald
election, write or print on their ballots toe
words, For Loan." and those who oppose
the same shall write or print on their oaiiou i
the words, No U oao and the Sheriff ahali
imm!itely after ths election make return
tbereof to the Clerk of the Conntv onrt ot
the number of the votes polled for and
against the loan, aud toe clerk ahali there
upon ceniiy to tue LLurmiD ot tn I court
the result of said election Tbe company
will pay all coats Incident to tns election.
Avaa: Ecuulres W liherinarton. Uliea. Ha a.
Spellman Winters, MoucrTel. PulllanLCald-
en. Brewer, euntyn. noee-ei. mown, nurse.
Elliott. Moore. Miile-, (iliaaoi. Brooks and
stone-lS; nays: 1 .quires Walker, Jones
and Holetnaa S.
Witness my hand and -eal of offlce at
office, in the city of Memphis, Teansaseo,
this mh d y of October. A. 1). UC1.
JAMES Ra-J-LT, Clerk.
By J. H. CULLKS, D. C. w-ocll
VALUABLE SUBURBAN LANDS
No. ffl, R. D Seoond Chancery Court Thoe,
ti. al et al. ts K. J. B. L. Winn et ai.
j r Tkrtne of a consent decree of lOe feeond
i Chanc-ry C nrt of eihelbr oonnty. n-
tered In the above cause,! will, at my offlce
aoAr, on ecjna strasa. Mei-)ns, oner ai
public sale, on
Friday, Novambsr 10, 1871,
With legal hoars, the lots of land designated
nd numbered rrom 1 1 Si. Inclusive, on tbe
fiiaan of subdivision ot 4 acres of lar.d be-a-.ging
to Ke J. B, U W Inn. situate In Hbelby
cvanij, uu me ubw naisigu ruau, uia it unu
ed In part on the north by Wolf river, -hose
lota, as laid off on the plan now on exhibi
tion at the office of ibe Clerk and Master anl
of coaiplamanV solicitor, L B M oKarland,
tLsq .fiuorice 9. iu t.nd li H'.-r"ss
The-e lota, or anv ot them, win be sold 'or
one-tnlrd cash, and the balances on a credit
of six and twelve months, wltb six per cent.
Interest. Notes wttnout sec-.r ty will be re
unired of tbe Durcha&er. an l lien retained to
secure tbe de 'erred pa menis.
Tnese ianosarearai i.mrw, leiiiie ana
well adapted lor KABMS, or for gar-
denlnit purpoaa
Sac. birgailL6ia will b offered in 'his land
have seldom beeu oStred to the Hpacui-AToa,
the Wood -pas TiBB the Uaudink, and all
who vsst residence property adjacent to and
convenloat to -HemrhUv bel g on tbe line of
the projected rati load from Men-phis to Ka
le. gu, -tad onlj- ml from oort Hqcare.
w Full particutara and p'ans can be bad
at my office, or La. sf ofaai-AurB, 801 for
compla'nanU, at the Plants -s' Insurance
BULiiing, no. i -HHai-kin sireti, ..lempnis,
ienneisee.
M V U oTEwASr, c:eri and Master,
odl-dtd
PROBATE COURT SALE
OP
.aga.Xs FBTATE,
No. 30, R. D.-In tbe Probate Curt of Shelby
ocauty. Tennessee.-Jsroea Lynch, gnar
dWn, ve Kdwartl Bolger etal.
Us;..- ri and by Tlrtoe ol a decree tor aale
made in tbe anove canae at this October
Term, 1871, of tbe Probate Court, I win sell at
public .action, ta front of tbe conrtbon-e
door, oa Union street, in tbe city of Mem
phis, on
Friday Ncvamber 17. 1871.
within legal hours, tbe following des-rlbed
lot or ground on Jones evc-nae. in tiie city of
Memp-is, uennded as follows: Fronting
southward y on Robeson stree'.oO feet, and
runnliiK back between parallel lines BM teet,
to an alley IS feet wide; being lot No. 7 in
block No. S. In tne subdivision of Watt C
Bradford and others.
Tirmi or hal- One-third cash; balance
one credit of sand tamontba, the purchaser
execuilne; notes w.fi approved security, aad
a lien will be retained on the land to farther
secure the psymen. of the parch se money.
JAM EH REILLY, Clerk.
By J. H. Cull n. Deputy Clerk.
Hanson, Kates A Daabiell, Hols, for core
plalnant. tne ot-17
Chancery Sals of Real Estate.
No. 73 R. First Chancery Coart or Shelby
County Robert C. Jameson vs. Lade A.
Jameson et al.
BY virtne of an interlocutory decree for
aale en'ered la the asove cause, October s,
IS 1, 1 will sell at public auction to the highest
b ddsr, in front of tbe clerk and master's
offlce. Ureenlaw block, Second street, tn tbe
city cf Memphis, Tennessee, on
Friday, Novaahtr lOtb, 87',
within legal hours, the following described
property to-wlt: Tbe N. ball 0i) or lot 73. as
laid down on tbe original plan or the city of
Vempblr. Shelby county, Tennessee, begin
ning, at tbe lntersec lon of tiie soaih side of
tne ant alley north or Adams street, ki own
a Bank alley, and Mississippi or Fronn road;
thence south SB degrees, St innles eaat one
hundred and forty-sight and one-half Ket
i-S-. with trie south aide of aald Bank alley
tu its Intersection wltb another alley run-
ngat rlht angles therewith, called Front
alley, thence wltb tbe weat side or Front
alley aonth 90 degrees 90 minutes west, 37 teet
K inches to the dlvidl g line, between the
wo halves of said lo' 73; thence with aald
dividing line, north Ml degrees, 30 minutes
west, BM (set to Mississippi or Front row;
thence with sail row norih. It deareea, 3)
minutes east, 37 feet lU lochia to ths begin
ning, the entire lot betus covered by a brick
bonding, the front oi wnleh la four stories
high and tbe rear two stories high. Te-ms
of aaie one-th rd cseb, in aix and S la
twelve muntba from date ot saia. Purchsser
required to execute notes wltb approved per
sonal security, lleL to be retained till same
are paid.
This October 10, 1371.
EDMUND A. COLK, Clerk and Master.
McDowell Martin, Attorneys.
wed-oeUl
Uiiancery Sale of Real Estate.
So. 2179. in the First Chancery Court of
Sbe'by couniy, Tennesse B iaabeth W
Oreen n V.L Vance et al
BY virtne of an Interlocutory decrte ror
sale entered in the above c .use July it),
187L I will aell at public auction, to the high
e-t bidder, in trout or tbe clerk an Master
fflce tf aald conn, Ureenlaw block, Sscoi d
street, city of Memphis, Tennessee, on
Monday, November 6, 1871,
within legal bonra. the following described
property, to-wlt: Two (J) lots 01 land situate
andbelng tn Shelby county. Tennessee, and
city of Memphis. thesamebelngsntMlvls.oii
or lot?, one, two and three (1 a and 3), of -.icik
No 40, as isid down on the plan or that pait
of the city or Booth Memphis, and marked
In said subdivision aa lota four it, and ive
lot t beginning on the eaat aide of DeButo
street one hundred and flftv feet south o
V. nee street fronting; thence outhmitro -.n
DeSoto street fltty feet by a depth back of
one hundred and any leet. Lot No. 5 sooth
of and adjoining the said lot No. a, fronts on
east side of Deboto street Bf.y feet, running
back bet W sun parallel lines on- handled and
flity feet; which will beao'd icccrdiug to a
survey to be made and Bled h.s.elu. subdi
viding the same into 3 or nit re lots, and
which can bs seen at said offl.
Tanas or Salb on a credit of aix and
twelve and 13) month, rrom date of sale;
purchaser required to execute notes with ap
proved security; Usu to oj retained aa fur
ther leciriry equity of redemption liBIISB-
TI.-S Octobers, 1371,
EDxUlJu A LOI-tClerk and Master.
Logwood A Mlcoa and Kortreeht and Craft,
JiOTIOffl.
-HE undersigned purposes to p'aee in cul
1 uvatlon his land, situated a' th" souto
est corner ol Jackson aad Laude dale
a'-reeta, in Bonto Memohia All persons j in
terested are her-tiy untitled tnat the bodiee
o' n-rsons bu-led there, under tb dhnwatM
of tue "Freedmen'a torn-an" and tPe late
A,nmiMlnn.rt of Sneibv ecuntr.
sbool- be removed beltoekaJjuaBafw,
iffTi.
a. T. BKAUR0 ARD.
per Donoho A Bttikls