nm NEW-YORK, FFRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 187L PRICE FOUR CENTS.
avi

en. VYWVYT NWO. Q EOD oe
yor. XX XI....N° 9,523.
THE CHICAGO CALAMITY.
UB RELIEF COMMITTEE THOROUGHLY
ORGANIZED.
Ee kag DODIFO
TWO HUNDRED AND FORTY FL ON oF
ALREADY WOUND—ORGANIZED Ene
TIE BANKERS—SEVENTY TO ITE
EONS MUST BE SUPPORTED DUR
WINTER.
GOING UF RAPIDLY—
renewal of the
CIncAGo, Oct. 12.—There was hp ro distil 6
istu
fires last night, and nothing occu ow
Ste 11
eity. Gen. sheridan has complvte control, and co
fidence is fully restored.
The Relief Committee is NOW thoroughly organ
rod, with 0. E. Moore, President, and David A. Gage,
Treasurer. The Committee met in conjunction with
the Conneil, and decided that all moneys should be
geceived by David A. Gage. T'robably 40,000 people
were fed yesterday. Provisions are still coming in
from all directions. J. W. I'reston has general charge
of the recerving of supplies,
At a meoling of the various Relief Committees
grom other cities, last evening, the following appeal
to commercial men and capitalists of the United
Btates was adopt de:
w After a carcfu survey of the unparalleled calamity,
with the evidences betors us of overwhelming losses, in
dividual aporing, and the pressing necesstics, we pray
our (cliow-eitizens, Cspeclally those having business rela
tides with Chicago, whose enterprise aud energy have
eonforred honor ou the Awerican people, to sustain thelr
pusiaoas ia this hour of trial. Thair calamity is great,
Exiwnd to them a generous liberality by compromises
gad extensions, and the largest possible advances of
money. ro that tLe business property can and may be
pestired, the desvinted districts we buili, and ils greatiesa
peisiabiishied,
Temporary dwellings are building in every direc
tion. aud by Saturday night there will be hundreds
of honaes vo ndy foggh upation. There is a marked
change in the spirit of the people, The first feeling
of utter prostration hus given way to confidence.
Fhe burn «J distiet is no longer an object of interest,
ye 2s io the situation of sites for rebuilding.
Every business man who can find a shed in which to
pewne bas becun business age. Country debtors
weremitting their claims, and the insurance sol
venev boc anes more and pore promising. Business
will be resuined as usual at the Live Stock yards to
WOITOW.
The Masonie Relief Committee will issne a call to
the fraternity to send money and clothing to D. C.
Eregier, Masonic Temple, Chucago. Gov. Palmer has
ealled the Legislature together, It will assemble at
Bpringticld to-morrow. A committees from this city
will zo down to-night to suggest measures of relief.
Lov. Hayes of Ohio has been here for the past three
days assisting in the good work. He issues sugges
tious to the people of Olio to push energetically
their efforts to raise contributions. The Hon. Joseph
Modili of The Tribune estimates the number to be
provided for during the coming Winter at 70,000,
Gen. Sheridan makes a request, through the Asso
eiated Press, of the people of the country, to dis
suale those who are anxious fo visit Chicago from
wero curiosity, from coming. Thousands of this
class are here pow, without shelter or accommoda
tion, and they must be fed and cared for the same as
the sufferers. Oue hundred thousand dollars were
subscribed to-day toward rebuilding the Chamber of
Commerce on the site of its ruins, aud work upon it
will be commenced at once.
Wholesale dealers in provisions, tlour, and lumber
refuse to take advantage of the situation, but con
tinue to sell their goods at the old prices. The sane
1s true of coul dealers who have any stock lett,
The wholesale grocers held a meeting this after
oon, and agreed to ask mo compromise with ered
tars but only ask for time. They are determined to
pov all their accounts in full.
It bas been ascertained from oflicial reports that
W000 feet of lumber were destroyed, leaving 4,
0,000 fect stall on Land.
The body of the man who crawled into the water
main bas been recognized as that of A. Leckson of
¥o.3 Milwaukee-ave. Dr. Frear, a well-known phy
geian, was not suffocated, as before reported.
Twenty bodies were taken from the basements of
two buildings on the North side, near Chicago-ave.
Bridge.
Eighty dead bodies are now lying in the Morgue,
mostly found on the North Side. Itis certain that
this is but a small portion of the number lost. The
Coroner yesterday held an inquest on sixty-four
dics. Only two of them were recoguized—one
Henry Ullan, a banker, and the otker Peter O'Brien.
An adjourned meeting of the bankers of Chicago
wae held this morning. A Committee was appointed
t0 draft resolutions, which eonsisted of 8. Smith,
President of the Merchants’ Loan and Trust Com
pany. and others. The following resolutions were
reported and vnanimonsly adopted:
Whereas, This city has been visited by a conflagration
scarcely equaled in the history of the world:
Whereas. ‘Ihe banks having suffered as severely as the
Bosness commanity generally, wo feel tuat it ieft to a
atyustinent or their affairs, they can pay all lia
Qities in 10), while any attempt on the part of hanks to
fore jntiediate payment from their debtors would aude
Wen and ntensity the wide-spread ruin ard desolation
Whichias ume nus; oe dt
Kesoleeo, flat (he banks of this city will open for busi
Tews ax moon ux possible, giving due notice of time and
Place; tat they will pay immediate instalments to not
wore than 13 per cent in the case of any individual bank,
wid wil continue to pay additional Installments as fast
us asses be ade available, unul the entire liabilities
are Lguidate it being an advantage to the community
Wren ve a portion oi their cash assets, to furnish ue
Wwinodations to sarviving comercial interests,
Eescived, Tout until as=cts can be examined and the
dition Liade patie, that tue Presidests and other
mon recoive wad pay out deposits a8 trustees for cus
Liewoleed, That the bankers form a permanent organ
Rat WL, Tor tie purpose of devising wieaus to meet the
FUnees LHou ns,
wikiired, Tuat the overwhelming generosity of the
A Ls our eyes with tears; our hearts are too full to
Ue
SR jprvas Li Crultude that wells in the bosom of every
We can only say, “God bless the noble
amt Pe of the world and spare them from such o
Lie yeport that the Union National Bank lad lost
ne, papers, &c., is untrue.
To Frankiin Insarance Company of Philadelphia
ers a loss of $600,000. They send word that they
will puy in ful).
a large number of wholesale merchants are enter
flewporary quarters on Lake Park, directly ou
the lake front,
The Hatewent telegraphed yesterday. that all the
Gallery were destroyed,
Ty.
claims for refunding taxes claimed to have beer er
roneously paid, from Chicago claimants, shall be
taken up and acted on immediately.
~All of the reports of the North-Western National
Banks, showing their condition np to Oect. 2, 1871,
were destroyed in transit at the Post-Offico here.
The Controller of the Currency will have to call for
duplicate copies of these returns. Five of the reports
of the banks in Chicago were sent off for Washing
ton the Saturday previous to the fire.
_Canal-st. is now the principal thoronghfare. The
tide of travel which surges northward from the re
maining portion of the South Ride naturally takes
the first paved street west of the river, and the
great procession of teams and people which turns
northward from Twelfth-st., after crossing the South
Side, passes over Canal. Many of the old busi
ness houses whose establishments on the other
gide of the river have been burned down have
already located on Canal-st,, and eligible lo
calities find ready market, The Tribune and Journal
newepapers have been reéstablished at Nos. 13 and 15
Canal-st. The strect, from Adans-st. south, for a
long distance is nothing but an embankment, tho
sidewalks having been destroyed by the successive
fires of Saturday and Sunday nights, and the sur
rounding laud being below the level of the street,
This appearance is hightened by the stone curb
walls on each side, which cause the grade of the
street to stand ont like a fortification,
wa]
The Erie relief train from New-York arrived here
this evening.
Lieut.-Gen. Sheridan has issued the following or
der:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION MissOURI, 4
CHICAGO, Ociober 12,
To His Honor the Mayor: Tae preservation of tha
peace and good order of ths city having been intrusted
to me by your Honor, 1am happy to state that no ease of
outhreni or uisorder has been reported that no authena
cated report of an attempt at aneendiarism har reached
me, and that the people of Chicago are calm and well dis
posed. The toree at my disposal is ample to maintain
order should 11 be yecossary to profect the district devas
Tarted by the dre, MGH, world sngeest to Gtizens not
to relax their watentuiness antd the swolderiug dies of
tl burned buildings are eniirely extinguished,
P. H. SHERIDAN, Licutenant-General,
Mayor Mason issues the following appeal
Clothing and all protection from the cold will be
needed three the Winter a+ well as now; vend snueh
airtietes torward nas lorge auantines as possi le, Colleet
money, and bold it subicet to our order. send provisions
that will keep; cooked meats may spol before we can
distribute them, Ad arrives hberally now, and we want
to he hand oar reconrees is nel as possible) Tor a long
Winter is pefore us, and suffcring will continne intilt ow
laboring classes are enabled to susan their tanilies,
KK. 1B. Masox, Mayor,
George A. Wood, Superintendent of the United
States Postal Savice, has issued the following
notice:
To all Postmasters and Route Agents: Make np no
muds for distiibation in Chiciero, ste only Clivea co City
Head, Turow ail such into the posial cars and larger
oftices for distribution.
The Collector of Customs telegraphed to Séeretary
Boutwell, to-day, as follows:
“1 have seenred excellent quarters for every Govern.
went office nthe ety. Send jennedittely a apply of
books, blanks, and stationery, safticient to ran all offlees,
and especially two tire and burglar proof safes for the
use of the Custom-Honge and United States Depository.
Cannot say whether the Government junds are burned.”
The Tribune in iis half-sheet issued to-day contaans
the following editorial
Cheer up! In the midget of calamity without parallel
in the world's history. looking upon the ashes or thirty
years’ accumulation, the people of this onco beautiful
city are resolved that Chicago shall vise again with vigor,
“With 200,000,000 or $200,000,000 of our hard-carned prop
erty swept away ina few hours, the hearts ot oar men
and wore: are still brave, and they look into the fuiure
with undaunted hearts,
As there has never been ench a caliomity, go Las there
never been such cheerful fortitude in tie face of desola
tion and ruin,
“Alreaay contracts have been made for rebuilding
gome of the burned blocks, and the clearing away of the
debris will begin to-day if the heat is 20 far subducd that
the charred material can bo handled. Field, leiter
Co., and John Farwell Co., will comnneiice biasiness to
day. The money and securities in the banks are sate.
The railroads are working with all their energies to
bring us out of our afthction.
“The $00,000,000 of capital invested in these ruins are
bound to se us through. They have heen baile with
special reference to a great connuercial want at this
piace, and cannot fail to sustain it.
Av Clneago must rise agian, we do not belittle the
calamity that hax fallen upon us, The world has prob
ably never seen the ike of at; certainly not since Mos
cow was burned,
“Ten oriwenty years may be required to reconstruct
our fair city, but capital will rebuild it, and fire-proot
will be 1ortheoning.
“Phe losses we have gnffered must be horne, but the
place, time and men are here. Commence at the bottom
and work up again—not at the hottom either—for we
have credit in every land, and the experience of oue
building of Chicago to help us.
“Tat us all cheer up, save what i vet left, and we hall
cone oul right, The Christian world is coming toour re
He f—the worst is already over, In a few days more the
Qaneers wilh be passed, and we ean resume the battle of
lite with Christian faith and Western gnt. Let us all
cheer up.’
RR————
EXPERIENCE OF A LOOKER-ON—THE ALARM
WAITING FOR DAY—INCIDENTS,
IIs: AN FMUANIGIN ATL (OIRURESPPONDIFNT
|FROM AN OCCARIONAL CORRESPONDENT.
Curcaco, Monday, 10 p. m.—Last Saturday
evening, an hour or two before midnight, a lurid glow
over the sky gave warning to all the inhabitants of the
north and south sides of Chicago that a great fire was
burning over the river, in the west part of the city.
Dwellers on the north side, toward which the wind blew,
gaw flashes of burning cinders and great charred and
smoking coals flying about them, dropping on their roofs,
and lodging among the dry branches of the trees which
border their streets, On Sunday morning it was re
ported that four great blocks bad been burned among the
lumber regions of the west side before the flames could
be arrested. This fire was on Saturday, and on Sunday
evening the tired firemen and the citizens slept peace
fully, not dreaming that another disaster was impending.
At 1 o'clock on Bunday morning I was awakened by a
noise and bustle in our street which were foreign to its
usual quiet and seclusion. 1 hastily opened the shutters,
The bright glare which burst in at the window, and
which covered the whole sky, told the story. Another
terrible fire! On the opposite corner a night watchman
was loudly proclaiming to some anxions listeners whose
heads were thrust from various windows in the ncigh
borhood the fearful spread of the fire. *“It is sweeping
over the river from the west to the south and north:
The bridges are going as fast as the fire can take them,
On the south the fire ig coming up a8 far as Madison-st,
Hotels, depots, great grain warehouses, everything going
Mike tinder. All the best part of the city is in flames,
On the north the fire has also crossed the river, and is
gpreading out toward Lincoln Park. The gas-house is in
flames.”
Our end of the city was the extrame south. Already
wagons, carts, carriages, and vehicles of all kinds began
to rol! furiously down the avenues. Men from our street
and all adjacent streets began to hasten out to the tire.
Hitherto those fn our vietmity who had seen the glare
had fancied it a not unusual fire, and, trusting in the
gaperior power and efliciency of the Chicago Fire Depart
ment, had slept unconcernedly, many of them while
their places of business were burning. A violent knock
ing on the door of an elegant house on one of the avenues
was kept up five or ten minutes before the sleepy occu
pant cawe to the window.
“What's the matter Who's there making all that
row 1” he asked, sleepily.
“Your store is burning down. All Chicago ix on gre.
Jf you want to save anything you would better hurry,”
was the answer, repeated two or three times be fore the
stunned reciplent of the news could recover his wits
enough to give directions to harness his horses, that Le
might drive to the scene of horror and devastation.
vote, Mr. Aiken, Superintendent of the
Y, Was enabled to remove its entire contents,
oy with many pictures in Mr. Crosby's private
At 2) a. w. all the gas-lights went out in houses and
streets. Then we kuew that the gas-works were gone,
Occasionally a fatutly heard roar told us that they were
bowing np the buildings which surrounded the five, The
ghastly light which tilled the sky began to mingle with
the first tints of dawn. On door-sLeps and piazzis, gvery
where sat groups of anxious woinen and clbildren, wak
jug for fresh news frow the scat of danger, where hus
bands and futhers had gone to save what wight yet be
rescued of their wrecked fortunes. As soon as moruiug
fairly broke, every dweller in the quarters more remote
from the fire hastened toward the burning district. By
6 o'clock the flendish element was rioting iu that part of
the sonth side which contained the fluest public buiid
iugs, Gov. William Bross, who had been riding all night
from one part of the city to another, Jike hundreds of
hi Sites of telegraph operators in this city hav
trey urtied ont, the operators of St. Louis have
Y ed supplies of clothing and provisions, aud
 Ktager of the Telegraph Company, in order to
Peevext extortion being practiced upon the employes
Erocers and others, ordered a car-load of provis
from Cleveland, which are now here, for their
In the private ofiice of Mr. Cowles, the bLnsiness
ta, ker of The Tribune, wus a large Krupp shell, a
of the siege of Paris, which exploded, making
reach in the walls 15 feet wide from the founds
other brave and public spirited meu, offering eid and en,
coursgemept to all in distress, came back to find his
beautiful home bursting oul ilo Lames, and his fawily
goue to find shelter ke knew not where. Toe experience
of one was that of all. Old wen, wiv had seen
the city rive W ie graud proportions from the d.svlate
Yon 1) the roof,
x Lepudlican this morning issued a half sheet,
Ud Phe Tribune au entire sheet, well filled with adver
ts and announcements of merchants’ change
 logalitios, i pi
A order has been received from the Acting Com.
of Internal Revenue which states that all

IN THE FIERY CITY.
MAP SHOWING THE BURNED DISTRICT OF OHICAGO.
Il


ol

L, 103s
uN
i

INNIAY

0

Ma

W Linchung
AB
a WA SN 8
nw
(Nh
2 PARR
w
2 Je Re o. on RS
N AN 3 W fa x
IE SEN
paw
Sud
Ny

eo Ki ie

WN
EEE
Jd mm
J JAR Ch EE pk
oy

I
SAA Is J
zy


7
vy
vid
Reg
wi.
7 v7 Pa:

V4 A
“Su
7!
3
N __ioneLy Jeg 1
Ys
2 Ink
MOAN, aE
NE RE RTOS
Ama SN
I CALS {hunt do) I n3
Jd ll LL
a
er THH aa: Et 1
Stel
Ee F
Sor J
t/ A tg 7%
Z 2 y Uz 8
1 Z o 4

ia Zz
5
Ry PA I 7
SE g CZ y Pp
S— Basins 7 7 zz
A
Sa 4 AYA
NOW NNN
ERE Ee
wi
01vadns
avd
vid
LJ A 1 ri
eat gels HEL
ii So
TL
id
2
Hi a
p= a
D
All former statements of the boundaries of the burnt
district in Chicago are now shown by the explanation
of eyo witnesses to have been more or leas hdc
curate, Wo ther fore present the above
wap carcfuliy made from the statements of those who




prairie, and had grown rich hy its growth; young men
who exnlted in their rising fortunes; middle-aged men in
Juxuiious homes With wife and little children;
mechanics, laborers, women in wealth and women
in poverty women who laid in sick rooms, with new
born babies clasped to their breasts—all were hustled
into the streets, and saw homes, stores, offices, banks,
and counting-rooms swallowed up, and looked into each
other's faces to see their own losses reflected there.
But that which was everywhere apparent in spite of
the horrors of the scene and its sad hopelessness, was the
indomitable pluck which the Chicaro men showed, all
which no losses could damp and no wretchedness gub
due. “Chicago will be hard up for a time,” wiaid one,
“pnt we must try and poll throoght “Tt will take a
long time to bld all this up again,” said another, 1
thought 1 was pretty well off yesterday,” said a young
man, cheerfully smoking a cigar; now all T have in the
world is the suit of clothes T have on.” “1 think I might
have saved my law library,” said a rising young lawyer,
“hut, by Jove! it did not gcem the thing to do, when
everybody clge’s property was mroigg up; xo 1 picked
up a few papers in my oftice, took some volumes of Kent
given me hy a friend, took off my hat to my old books,
and left them to burn,”
To-night, the poor are gathered in churches thrown
open for their receeption, wherever a church is left un
burned, People are feeding them with baskets on bask
cte of food, which thoughtful kindness bas prepared,
Those who have homes unburned throw them open to
friends and strangers. That spontancous generosity and
friendliness, that leveling of all social distinction, which
is seen in moments of great and universal peril, is seen
here everywhere, Strangers greet each other in the
streets like old acquaintances, and formal acquaintances
grasp each other's hands like oldest friends, All day
everything available which could go on wheels has heen
carrying loads of household furniture, merchandise, and
everything which has been saved from ruin.
Here and there is a merchant carrying that part of his
goods, which he has been so fortunate as to save, into his
home for safc keeping, if his home happens to be out of
the tire district. Almost every person hurrying through
the streets has something in his arms which hes bear
ing to some place of safety. One boy went by with the
brass instruments of a band, which covered him like an
armor almost from head to foot; women pass with all
gorts of odd things which they have rescued, I saw sev
crul with a canary in a cage, some with a mantel olock,
some with pictures, some with packages of clothing or
silver. A large wagon, drawn by two horses, loaded
witli one portrait, ina large frame, drove rupidly from
the burning district to-day. All Kinds of grotesque inci
dents wingle with tragic ones in strange contrast.
cau
ACCOUNTS OF FYE-WITNLESSES.
SCENES AND INCIDENTS—EXTENT OF THE (A
LAMITY—PRESENT ASPECT AND ACTUAL
WANTS OF THE CITY.
William Wallace, of the firm of Underwood
Co.. No. 170 Waslington-st., Chicago, gave 10 TRIB
UNE reporter, yesterday, the following statement of the
appearance of the eity before and after the tire, and its
present condition and wants: 4
u
I raw the fice about 20 winutes after ft began at De
Koven and Jefferson-sts. At that time it Was not very
violent, avd, indeed, for the first two hours no foars were
entertained that it would prove unmanageable. It be
gan about 9§ p. mm. on Bunday, and at 124 p. m- it bad
spread over only a few squares. The wind then changed
to the south west, wad, increasing in violenoe, carried
the flumes across the river near Van Buren-st. From this
point the fire sprewd with marvelous rapidity, destroying
all buiidings in the distriet bounded by Harrison-#t. on
the south, the main braneh of the river on the north,
the south branch on the west, and the lake on the
east, with the exception of a Lloek of spores at Ran.
doiph und Market-sts., and the central Elevator B, near
the LUinois Centra) Depot. In crossing trom the souLh
Lave heen over the ground since the fire. The fire started
corner of DeKoven and Jefferson-sta,, spread in a north
ery direction, crossing the Chicago River at Harrison-st.,
which it followed nearly to the river, and thence north
ward to Lincoln Park,

a
alas TaN
side the flames destroyed the Rush-st.,, Btate-st., and
(larke-st. bridges, It then passed through the North
Division of the city at a fearful rapidity, leaving scarcely
time for people to escape from their houses, This sec
tion was composed mainly of wooden buildings, although
there were many very fine residences. The inmates
could with difticulty move as fast as the flames, and were
driven to the shore of the lake, where they sheltered
themselves behind banks of sand which they raised with
their hands, The smoke was so dense that they could
ony keep from Sifforating hy covering their faces
wit shawls, Others fled to Lincoln Park, but
were soon pursued by the flames, and driven out
upon the prairie, where they remained throughout the
night without shelter. Tne burnt district included all
the large hotels, from which the gnests barely escaped.
Some of them succeeded in getting their trunks out
upon the sidewalk, but were obliged to abandon them,
as no help eonld be procured to remove them. The fire
horned fiercely, without cessation, throughout the day,
and was finally checked at Harrison-st., ou Wabash-ave.,
aud at Coneress-st., on Michigan-ave,, by the blowing up
of buildings under direction of Gen. Shiridan, Tt was
enirely extinguished ten or twelve hours before the rain
fell. Several fire engines were Yestroyed, having been
abandoned on account of the heat, and many were dis
abled, Good service was rendered by the engines from
Milwankee, St. Louis, and Cincinnati, and they doubti~ss
saved the North-Western Depot, The scenes on the
streets after the flames had been conquered were utterly
indescribable. Men, women, and children were lying in
all directions, hegrimed with smoke and haggard with
exposnre and 1right. Rich and poor were in the same
condition, Millionaires who had suddenly become pen
nitess turned from the contempiation of their losses aud
did all in their power to help the poor.
The territory burned over comprises about 2,500 acres,
and upon this only three buildings are standing. Here
and there a portion of a wall remains. The walls of the
Post-Office, Court-House, The I'ribune Building, and First
National Buuk are standing and can be used again. Each
of these buildings in all probability could have been
saved had the windows been provided with fron-shutters;
but none of them were. An office has already been fitted
up in the casement of the First National Bank. There
is only one wholesale house left, and that 18 a drug house.
The better class of people have their residences un
harmed, although the larger part of the city inhabited
by the “old gtyle aristocracy has been destroyed. The
manufacturing interests on the North Side were only
slightly injured, while the district destroyed on the West
Side wis almost wholly occupied by manufactories. All
the broweries and whisky establishments were con
sumed. The Joliet sand-stone cracked and crumbled
before the heat, offering scarcely more  resist
ance than wood. The wooden pavement did not
burn as was reported. The flames ran along
the creases between the blocks, burming the
tar, but only slightly injuring the blocks. The pavement
remains as solid as ever, ead with the exception of hav
ing a rough surface, is in good condition. It at no timo
hindered the ficemen from putting out the fire, since the
districts in which 1t was laid was burned with sueh
furious rapidity that no one could go near them. For
tunately there were only 8 few vessels in the river
where the flanies crossed, so that ouly six or eight were
barned:
The loss of He will probably reach as birh as 500, but
it will be fmposgible to ascertain the exact number,
There was a great deal of suffering on Morday, as the
water works were destroyed, and no food ould be pro
cured. Provisions are plenty now, however, and all are
as comfortable as apn be expected. y Citizens whose
houses had been spared, readily sheltered their more un
fortunate neighbors, and the churcles and school-nouses
were thrown open,
Financially the case is not so bid as was at first sup
posed, proyided the insurance companies meet a fair pro
portion of their losses. While a great deal has been done
for immediate relief, there is a danger that the wants of
the coming Winter will be overlooked. All ef the fuel
aud clotlang has been destroyed, and there is mo money
{n the city with which to replace ther. What is most
peeded now is currency. The merchants are not dis
pinited, aud are determined to rebulld: but thoy must
ave help to enable them to Injroduce their facilities for
doing business. The pork-paeking houses are all unin
Jjured, and one-half of the grain warehouses are left, but
the owners cannot eontinne their business without capi
tal. They must hs moneyed help. Private contribu.
tions cannot repre .uce these lost facilitios as fast as will
be necessary. Whe country cannot afford to OaYS0 great
business center as Chicago Jaralysod for aay. h of
time. Chicago business nen thi it would De the best
polics for the Government 10 Joan Te City ie credit for
15,000,000 or $100,000,000, to,enable it to reproduce itself
and its interests, The State Legislature will, proba
bly, loan its credit, but that alone will not be sutlicient.
A TERRIBLE EXPLRIENCE,
L. B. Mantoy na, Chicago agent for Nowell Brothers of
this city, made the following statement, yosterday, to
a TRIBUNE reporter, of his escape from the St. James
Hotel, nn Monday morning:
T'was awakened about 3a, m. by some one pounding
upon my door, and, after springing from my bed, discov
cred that the whole city was in flames. I hastily put on
my olothing, and going into the corridor I saw a crowd
of men, women, and children clustered about the door.
Rashruisg to my room, I gathered my goods quickly into
xes, and carried them down w the sidewalk. Ilear
g i thot, Iscized a satohel and a small trunk and
rushed out. As I reached the door I say some men
coolly loading my boxes into a wagon. I called to them,
but they laughed and arove away. The street was full
of people with bundles of every deseription on their
Dake I pushed at once for the West End. Neither
ichigan nor Wabash-aves, were then on fire
rushed down tho former. The hot air almost rhe
face. The smoke was stifling me, and wy clothes wero
covered with ashes and cinders, As I passed
along the avenue I looked up each street to the
west to seo where the fire headed me off in that
direction. I had the fire behind me on the north, and
tho lake was on my left, My object was to try and get
to the west ride of the city, near Union Park, where I
knew a gentleman named Mason, The lake was on my
left, the city on tire behind me, and as I passed along
wabash-ave. I could see the fire raging am on
West-st., at the head of Lake, Rantoloh, Madison, Mon
roe, Congress, Adams, Jackson, and Van Buren-sta., and
Away to the south as far as Fourteenth-st, Here for the
first time 1 saw a clear passage to the west, When
reached this joint I was utterly wearied out, and I rat
on my trunk in the street, Ina fow moments 1 raw a
man pass by, and I asked him to give me a hand with my
trunk. He said he would, and we walked up Fourieent!
st. After going a short distance saw that I could not
carry the trunk any further, and I told the man who
was. assisting me that I must give out. In
urged me on, and after going abont a block
I saw a man standing at his own door
looking in the direction of the fire. I told hin that T had
been burned out, and that I was so wearied I could cairy
my trunk no further, Iasked him for permission to pnt
it in his yard until I should be able to convey it to a safo
Place, He gladly consented, and between us we took the
runk into the yard, He and T then returned in the direc
tion of the town, In the mean time the fire had reached
the great business quarter, and most of the streets, fror
gouth Watcr-st. to the river, were in flames, After w ait
ing until the progress of the fire was arrested, I mado
my way across Twelfth-st. bridge, which was then the
“only only one standing on the south, to Union Park, on
the western side of the city, Here I found my friend’s
house, and was joyfully andghospitably received, Twas
go wearied out that I remained there asleep all day on
Monday. Buch a gale never raged before us that which
blew irom the south-west in Chicago during tue night ul
Sunday and the worning of Mouday.

L\


1
1
1
ee
NOTED NEW-YORK THIEVES SHOT AND
HANGED.
A telegram from Chica;zo announces that
among the thieves and incendiaries who were shot or
hanged, while plundering in Chicago, are Barney Aaron,
the prize-fighter and plekpocket Dutch Heinrich, the
bank-thicf; William Tracy, who las been engaged ina
number of murderous afirays; Jack Daly, James Mun
day, and George Butts, All these are well-known New
York thieves, They, with many others,of their class,
jeft for Chicago a8 soon 28 TDews of the
conflagration was’ reccived here, trusting to reap i
rich harvest, amid the confusion consequent on the
appalling catastroplie. Other cities have contributed
their quota of thieves and assassins to the gangs that
have been engaged in the work of plunder, Itis feared
by those who know the impunity with which Tracy,
Heinrich, and the others have preyed apon the reputable
portion of the community for years past, that the news
of their suunmary taking off will prove to bo untrue,
PRR
FI'RPOPEFAN AID.
WHAT THEY ARE DOING IN ENGLAND=31 L111
TIONS OPENED AT ALL THE MONEY CENTERS
ON THE CONTINLNT.
LoxpoN, Oct. 12.—The feeling of sympathy
for tho sufferers by the Chicago fire is deep and wide
spread, and active measures for relief are being taken on
all sides. The Lord Mayor, supported by the leading
houses of the city, has issued an appeal for subscriptions
to be forwarded to designated agents,
E
The meeting called by Mr. Bchenck at the Langham
Hotel, to-day, will be largely attended.
It is probable that the Common Council of the City of
London will vote a large sum,
A meeting was held at Birmingham, last night, and
Committees appointed to collect funds in aid of the suf
ferers. Tho meeting was presided over by the Mayor of
the city, and in addition to the action taken for the fu
ture was very successful in its immediate results. Fix
firms of the city gave £100 sterling each on the spot. The
amount collected will be gent by cable to Mayor Hall to
night so that it may be used immediately.
The Hon. George Dixon, member of Parliament for
Birmingham, has been zealous in pushing forward the
relief movement, The most heartfelt sympathy for the
victims of the calamity i8 everywhere expressed, and
the amount of money contributed for relief in Great
Britain will be large.
As soon as the news of the Chicago fire reached Frank
fort an extra edition of the German-American Economist
was issued, giving such details as were known, and call
ing for Qroapt action in behalf of the sufferers,  Pursu
ant to this call a meeting was held, at which the leading
banking houses of that city were Tepresoniad, and a re
lief committee organized for the collection and a,
tion of funds. Frankfort will send a liberal contribution.
The leading therchants and bankers of Vienna have
also opened a subscription for therelief of the Chicago
sufferers,
LATER-—MEETING IN LONDON. g
Loxpoy, Oct, 12—-Midnight.—In response to
the call of the American Minister for a mecting to ex
press sympathy and provide relief for the people of Chi
cago, over four hundred American and English gentle
men assembled at the Langham Hotel, to-night, The
parlors of the hotel were crowded to excess, and many
persons were unable to obtain admittance.
The meeting organized with the Hon, Robt. C. Schenck
as Chairman. Brief but stirring appeals were made by
several speakers. Maps of the unfortunate city, with the
burning quarters designated, had been hung on the walls,
and were explained by gentlemen well acquainted with
the ground. Oue of the speakers drew a parallel between
the conflagration in Chicago and the great fire in London,
which elicited prolonged applause. But the enthusiasm
which was evident from the opening of the meeting
needed no stimulus, Everybody was eager to coutribute,
and within a short time from the opening of the list ten
thousand pounds sterling was subscribed viva voce, A
few merchants of Chicago, whose establishments were
destroyed by the tire, also offered their contributions,
amid the cheers of the assemblage. Resolutions ex
pressing the deepest sympathy for the sufferers, and
pledging further aid, were adopted by acclamation.
A committee was appointed with J. 8, Morgan, esq.,
and Mr, Schenck at its head, to procure additional sub-
scriptions in Loudon and throughout the kingdom, and
there is every reason to expect that a very large sum
will be raised, Expressions of sympathy were received
by telegraph and by mail from all parts of the
country, and read by the clergymen.
Awong the persons present were the Hon, A. G. Cur
tin, Minister to Russia; Gen. A. E. Burnside, Major-Gen.
J. Gi. Barnard, the Hon. Hugh McCulloch, Messrs. Moran
and Woodhull of the American Legation, Adam Badeau,
(‘onsnl-(ieneral at London; the Hon, Wm. E. Dodge of
New-York, John J. Cisco of New-York, Messrs. Munn,
Starring, Habicht, Bowles, Randolph, Clay, George
Wilkes, Boughton the artist, John Hoek, and Thaddeus
Hyatt, Many eminent Euglishmen also attended the
meeting, and manifested their interest in its objects lib
erally by word and deed.
TENTS AND BLANKETS OFFERED BY THE BRITISH
GOVERNMENT.
Quesec, Oct. 12.—A cable dispatch has been
received from the English Government to offer to Chi
cago al the military tents and hlankets in the Dominion.
Of the atter there are over 500,000. Collections are so be
taken up in all the churches for the relief of Chicago.
The following cable telegrams were presented
at the Chamber of Commerce meeting yesterday
EDINBURGH, Oct. 12.—President Chamber Com
merce, New-York A meeting of the citizens called to
day to organize relief. Telegraph Chicako Chamber
Commeree, CHAMBER COMMERCE, EDINBURGH.
LONDON, Oct. 12.—A, Belmont Co., New-York: Lord
Muvor opened list. Baring, Brown, Shipley, and our
selves give ench £1,000. Telegraph if Committee for dis
tributiug money is at New-York, or where.
JUTUSCRILD,
OCT. 11.—8. B. CHITTENDEN, New-York: ive £100 for
Chicago. BRIGHT Co., Rochdale,
A dispatch was also received from Wm. E. Dodge,
directing his homse to pay $10.000 on his individual ac
count for Cliicago.
The following telegram was ulso read from The German
American Economist in Frankiort-on-the-Main, addressed
to their correspondent in tL city
IK ANKFORT, Oct, 11, 1871.
Have issued an extra: formoea CLeago Kell Commits
tee; cx pect Jarge donauons. ECONOMIST,
To J. Jaroslawsk!, No. Ji Broad-«,
Bev Fuk Vaso.
FIGHTING THI DING.
THE NEW REGIME IN THE COURT-HOUSE.
IMPORTANT CIRCULAR FROM TiiE DLIPUTYCON
TROLLER—ATTACIIES EXPECTED TO WORK
FOR THEIR SALARIES CIVILITY FO THE
PUBLIC REQUIRED, g
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE, CONTROLLER'S reir}
NEW-YORK, Oct, 10, 1871,
ee
To the Heads of Bureaur, Department o}
Finance: Referring to my circular of the 10uh ult, rela
tive to the hours of attendance of empioyés in this
Department, and for the better ordering and efficient
conduct of its affairs, yon are hereby further informed
that every employe of this Department 1s to rnderstand
that his services are engaged for the legitimate, prompt,
and regular attention to the duties of the position to
which Le is appointed, and for no otler pumpose. His
salagy is supposed to be fixed as an adequate compensa
tion for his scivices, and no person emp.oyed in 3s
Department will be allowed to accept or receive any fee,
reward, or compe nation whatever, except his zalary, for
any service connected with the Depestroent, except
where the fees are fixed and established by luw; any in
fraction of this rule will be decmed stfliwni cate for
removal, i
No employé of thi= Department will be roquored by
any person in authority in this Depaituent to pay any
portion of his salury axa political ass went or for
political purposes; that matter, a8 well as his political
action, is left to the free choice of each individaal.
Salaries in some instances now excessive, duplicete,
and immoderate, will, as iar as is in my power, be fixed
and regulated 80 as to proyide, as near a= ua v be, a fair
compensation for the responsibility and character of the
services rendered, An effort will be made 10 cquatize
salaries by reduction and modification to render them
equitable and justly proportioned, so that ove petiorme
ing but light duties shall uot be paid ually with
another bearinez a heavy burden of labor and re ~ponsi
bility, Neither per-ous holding sincenres nor neompes
tents will be retained in the Department. ycomotions
will be made sy=<tematically and in regular order, and
the carnest effort will be to deal fairly and ju tly with
all, at the same time requiring diligent and faiidul at
tention to the public wants,
If stationery or printing, or any article or thing is re
quired, in any bureau of this Department, a written
requisition, signed hy the bead of the burean, is to be
made upon the nudorsizaed therefor, and all orders for
these, or any other articles or work, will be pooperly ros
corded before they leave the office,
During oflice hours, 9 to 4 o'clock, employs of the De
partment are expected to be at thelr prospective plates,
to attend with courtesy, civility and alacrity to those
seeking information or transacting business with the De
partaicnt, The commmnity, whom we are all here to
serve, reasonably look for a change in the conduct of the
affairs of the City Government, aud I expect trom all
connected with this Department Lonest and faithful co
operation in the discharge of thelr dudes to weet this
just expectation. Very truly,
ANDREW I. GREEN, Deputy-Controller,
EIGHTEEN SINECURISTS DISCHARGED,
Deputy-Controller Green discharged, yester
day, 15 usc dess attendants on the Supreme Court, whogo
yearly salaries were $1,200 each,

[3
GROUNDLESS I'EARS OF A RIOT—ORDLRLY DE
MONSTRATION OF THE LARGE-PIVE MEN—
THE DEPUTY CONTROLLER PROMISES RELIEF.
Rumors were current, early yesterday morn
jug, that the large-pipe men of the Croton Water Works
would wait upon Deputy Controller Green, and demand
tho six weeks’ pay due them; and that, in defaultof pay
ment, they proposed to resort to violent measures to ob
tain their money. To guagd against any acts of violence,
176 policemen, under the command of Cap's. Thorne and
Copeland, took possession of the New Court-House ath
103 a. m. In the course of an hour nearly 800 of the pipe”
men, marched four abreast, in a very orderly manner,
around the south-east corner of the New Court-House,
and took possession of the walks between it and the City
Hall. A Committee of 12, Owen Carey, President, then
went to the Controller's office, where the following con
versation took place hetween Carey, geveral members of
the Committee, and Mr, Green, iu the presence of Mr.
Connolly:
Carey—Mr. Green, we, a8 a committea of the pipemen,
have called upon you with peaceful intentions; we don’s
want to make riot, and we shall not resort to any acts
of violence; we are going to treat you like a gentleman
and we expect the same treatment in return, We have,
as you must know, a great deal of money —that is, a great
deal for poor men—due us. The fumilics of many of us
are suffering, and our landlords are not willing to wait
for their rents, We have, therefore, come to ask you
respectfully if you intend jo pay us, If you do not intend
to pay us, say so at once, and the men will quit on the
Water Works, and tind other imployment., I think it is
rather hard fo, laboring men to be treated in this way


there is $90 a piece due most of us, and wo need the
money,
Mr. Green—I have, as yon know, been connected with
laboring men in this city for 13 years, and it has never
been said that I treated them puiigalys on the contrary,
I have ever been the friend of thé laboring man, and I
am his friend now. I am also not ouly willing, but
anxious to do all iu my power for fou ian your Jyesons
emergency, and I am coustantly making great efiorts in
your behalf. Once before, you will remember, when
money was due you, and yon were distressed because
Jou could not get it, I raised money on my own respousi
ility, and paid you off,
1 Oue of the Comwmittee—That is 80, and we are thankful
for it,
Mr. Green—There are three points in yg present case
which I hope Jou will consider—first, the _ipropHiation
wade for Jou as already been exhaustea by the Depart
ment of Public Works; second, the Joyrolis have not
been sent to this office; third, if I had them I could not
raise the money to pay you,
Que of the Comwittee—~Mr, Green, that will not do; I
know that the RAs -Folls were made out three weeks ago,
Mr. Green—Will some one call Mr. Storrs 1
Mr, Stoors was summoned, and soon appeared,
Mr. Green—liave we tue pay-rolls for these wen in thie
oftice 1
Mr. Storre—No, Sir; we have not?
Quy of the Committec—Mr, Storrs, where are those pay
rolls
Mr. Storrs—I do not wish to say anything abont them
that will cast blame upon any one, but they have not
been gent to this office.
One of the Committee—Mr. Green, if you had the rolia,
couldn't you pay us! [understand that Judge Barnard'n
injunction does not forbid you to pay laborers.
r. Green—You are in error. In your case it does, be
cause your claims can’t be paid with money raised on
assessment bonds. But now, I will tell you what I will
do. 1 know that you need money, aud 1 will and get,
enough on my own responsibility to pay you. will go
about it to-day, and I think that by the first of next
week I shall be able to get the money. 1 may have it by
Saturday. But, at all events, you can rest assured that
I shall use all my influence to obtaiu the money, If I do
obtain it I will inform you.
The men then left, well satisfled with what Mr. Green
had said. Just as they were leaving the Controller's
office an attaché of the Department of Public Works
came in with the pay-rolls, On seeing them one of them
cried out, Hold on, boys, the pay-rolls are here, and we
are all right.”
Hold on, men, I will attend to your interest; let us
go back, and sce if you arc all right,” said the editor of
Tammany’s newspaper, who had come in immediately
behind the attaché of the Department of Public Works.
The editor led back the men to the Controller's office,
where nothing of the slightest importance took place,
and the men soon left as well satisfied as before. The re
port of the Comittee to their comrades outside was re
ceived with cheers, After a short harangue by Robert
Welch, the President of the Laborers’ Union, in which he
advised them to be quiet, and to trust Mr. Green, the
laborere dispersed without committing any acts of vio
lence, and without using any angry expressions,
Taaata———————
THE POWERS OF THE CONTROLLER.
THE POWERS OF IHL CONTROLLER.
THE ARGUMENT IN THE CONNOLLY MANDAMUS
CASE—DEPUTY CONTROLLER GREEN A WILL~
ING PARTY TO THE SUIT—THE TWO PER
CENT ACT IN DISPUTE.
The four cases entitled The People ex rel.
Harrington, The People ex rol. Department of Parks,
The People ex rel. Hoe, and The People ex rel, Aggew
agt. Controller Connolly, which were lately begun in the
Supreme Court, came on yesterday before Judge Ingra
ham, and were fully argued by counsel on the motion of
plaintiffs for a mandamus to compe! Controller Connelly
and Deputy Controller Green to 1ssue assessment bonds
and funded stock sufficient to satisfy deficiehcies claimed
on requisitions of the Department Me gg and others.
Mr. O'Gorman, who appeared the Department
of Docks, argued In favor of the metien, and Mr.
Struban appeared for the Contrefler in opposition.
The proceedings excited considerable interest in the
Court Room, as there was much @oubt in respect to their
intent, some claiming that they were begun in the in
terest of the Ring to hamper the Controller, and drive
bim from his position, while others maintained that the
Controller really desired to obtain the judicial sanction
to the payments asked by the plats. The case was
adjourned till to-day at 11 to give Mr. Strahan an sppor
tunity to reply to Mr. Buskley and Mr. Veaderpeel whe

MUNICIPAL SERVANTS IUNPALD.