4be wJlorctsitr Sep
18 PUBLISHER EVERY MORNIKIi
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
At S* per year. If paid strictly in advance
Otheraiwc, 75 Cent* per Month.
Spg,
ESTABLISHED JL’LT, K"0.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At >5'J per Annum.
J I>. HAT.DMIN A CO., Proprietors
NO. 411 MAIN STREET.
Worcester §ailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
Company B, State Guard, will see notice.
It is stated that Mr. Chamberlain is to speak
at Mechanics hall next Monday evening for the
labor reform party. They have their represent
ative an I senatorial conventions Wednesday.
Yesterday's lire, the causcof the alarm at four
in the afternoon, was in Reynolds’ meat market
at the corner of Sonthbridjie and Madison
streets. One of the new gasoline lamps which
was in the window suddenly got all ablaze as it
was being lit, and threatened much more mis
chief than was done. The contents of the lamp
having binned, the fire was soon extinguished.
The following specimens were exhibited nt
the weekly meeting of the Horticultural society
yesterday: Beurre d’Anjou and Lawrence pears,
both of m eal excellence, by T. K. Earle; Beurre
B »sc, Doyenne du Cornice, Urbaniste and Dix
pears, by J. C. Lovell of West Boylston; Duchesse
and Lawrence pears, by E. Banister: B urre
Bose, Glou Morccan, Urbaniste and Vicar of
Winkfield pears, bv J. F. Allen; Long Orange
carrots, one of which was found to measure
thirty inches in length, by Wm. Y. Holman;
Lyscom and Orange apples, by 0. B. Had wen;
pear for name, Liwrence, by H. L. Parker.
Municipal Court.—Yesterday’s list, contains
t ie names of John J. Ford, fined S3O and costs
for committing an assault and battery, and
committed to jail on non-payment of the same;
Daniel Sullivan and John Murphy fined $3 and
costs lor drunkenness, and committed to jail on
non-payment; Win. B. Mai tin fined $3 and
c sts for drunkenness, and Joseph Rabctor and
Anthony Gosler fined $1 and costs each, paid.
Jam *s Jones was sent to the truant school for
one year for truancy.
Superior (Criminal) Court—Devens, J.
Thursday, Oct. 26. —The ease of Patrick Hen
nessy of Warren, for rape, was given to the
jury at quarter betore ten a. m., but they had
not agreed upon a verdict when the court ad
journed, at six p. m.
Henry Brown, appellant, of Charlton, was
put on trial for cruelty to a horse by fast driv
ing, &c. Verdict not guilty. J. R. Thayer for
d Tendaut.
Patrick Collins, Elizabeth Collins and Wm.
Doherty, of Uxbridge, for assault and|battery on
State Constable Fletcher, in May, last year, were
each sentenced to the house of correction for
three months.
O.i trial, Isaac Pierce and Charles Temple, for
placing obstructions on the Providence and
M orccster railroad, half a mile below Farnums
ville station, on the afternoon of September Ist,
last. It is charged that several tics, seven feet
long, which had been lying by the side of the
track, were placed by the defendants across the
track. Vcrry and Kent for the defendants.
The Caucuses To-n ight.—Republicans who
are interested in their representation in
the legislature, should bear in mind
the caucuses at half past seven this
evening, when delegates arc to be chosen
t» attend the representative conventions.
The city committee desire us to call attention to
the change that has been made in the meeting
places of the republicans of wards three ami
five. Owing to the new arrangements made by
the city government voting is to be done at
other places than at the offices in City hall here
after. And it lias been found necessary to
change the meeting place of the ward three
caucus to the new ward room, No. 6 Mechanics
hall, and that of the ward live caucus to the
republican headquarters in Spy building. The
other caucuses will be held as at first announced,
and stated in the call in the special notice col
umn.
The Old Burial Grounds.—The following
communication is from a gentleman who has
given his attention to public grounds for several
years past:
Editors Spy: You have, if possible, under
stated the disgraceful condition of rhe Pine
Meadow burial ground. The one on Mechanic
stri ct is even more shamefully desecrated. This
commission did what it could, while maintain
ing jurisdiction, to restrict the grosser offences.
Casual gambling and Im nivation were, never
theless, of too frequent an occurrence.
Hut the j u risdiction of th is comm ission, vol un
tarily assumed because the care of those burial
grounds was neglected by all other officials or
persons, was fully and finally divested, some
eleven months since, as will appear from the fol
lowing:
[Copy
W OBCESTER, Dec. 28, 1870.
Edward AY. Lincoln. Esq., Chairman, &c.
Dear Sir:—Replying to your communication of
yesterday, I am of the opinion that the jurisdiction
of ttie board of commissioners of public grounds,
under section 21, of the revised charter of the city,
does not extend to or include the Mechanic street
or Pine Meadow burial ground referred to in your
communication.
Very respectfully,
T. L. Nelson, City Solicitor.
No censure could be too severe were this
commission responsible for the utter neglect of
those grounds to which you have called atten
tion. As the facts are, J write simply to excul
pate my colleagues and myself.
Very respectfully,
Edward W. Lincoln,
Chairman of Commission.
Worcester, Oct. 26, 1871.
Exhibition of a Valuable Painting.—lt
is announced that Post 10, G. A. R., of this
city, are soon to exhibit here Col. Bachclder’s
great national painting of the Battle of Gettys
burg. It has been stated that this work of art
was burned at Chicago. This would have in
deed been an irreparable loss, for unquestionably
there is more incident, more real solid histori
cal information embodied in this wonderful pro
duction than in any other painting in America.
Massachusetts is particularly interested in its
preservation, as twenty-one of her regiments
and batteries are represented on it; prominent
among which is the old 15th. It is fortunately
safe. The impression that it was burned
probably arose from the fact that Rotber
mcl’s famous painting of that battle, exe
cuted for the state of Pennsylvania, was at Chi
cago at the time of the tire. This was saved,
however, in a somewhat damaged condition.
Bierstadt’s Yosemite Valley, which was reported
burned, was also among the valuable paintings
saved*from the Crosby opera house art gallery.
This, with forty-eight others, was taken from
the building just before its destruction, and all
have been sent to Boston, where they will be ex
hibited for a short time at Horticultural hall, for
the benefit of Chicago sufferers. Perhaps the
most valuable in this collection was Col. Bach
elder's historical painting of “The Last Hours
of Lincoln.” This presents the portraits of
forty-seven persons of distinction, who called
upon the late president after he was assassin
ated. All are from life sittings. Its great value
consists in the remarkable success of its portra
ture, which will increase as years roll on. It
was thought impossible to save this painting, as
it was hung in a massive carved walnut frame,
firmly secured to a shadow box which, in the
excitement of the occasion, could not be taken
down. At tiic last moment, however, it was
cut from the frame, and, with great difficulty,
borne from the burning room.
lliiMicnl Convention -Fourth Diiy.
Notwithstanding the unfavorable weather, the
interest and enthusiasm of the convention is evi
dently on the increase, the attendance yesterday
being largely augmented by new members from
all parts of the county and state. Messrs. Zer
rahn and Southard were very busy during the
morning and afternoon sessions in imparting in*
structions and drilling the great chorus in pre
paration for the closing concerts. The eminent
success of the chorus singing at the first concert,
seemed to inspire both conductors and singers to
renewed efforts in a proper combination and
rendering of the works in preparation.
THE ANNUAL MEETING.
The annual business meeting took place in the
west ante-room of Mechanics hall, which was
largely attended, the president, Mr. 8. E. Staples
in the chair. The librarian, Mr. G. W. Elkins,
made a report, exhibiting books and
other property on hand, valued at $405.
Mr. A. C. Munroe, the former secretary, made a
very satisfactory report of his department,
and also, in the absence of Mr. Denny, (lie
Pomster Hailn
VOL. 26, NO. 255.
former treasurer, made a report in regard to
the financial standing of the convention, show
ing a balance on hand at the beginning of the
present session, ot $644.55. The above reports
were all accepted,and that of the treasurer was re
ferred to an auditing committee consisting of
Messrs. L. Stockwell, R. Swan and W. A. Pat
rick. On recommendation of the librarian, the
convention decided to purchase 250 copies of
‘‘Elijah,” now in use by the convention by per
mission of Uie publishers. Considerable dis
cussion took place in regard to the propriety of
changing the name from convention to associa
tion, an 1 it was finally voted to hereafter call
their body the Worcester County Musical asso
ciation, and the annual gatherings should be
called “musical festivals.” The constitution
was altered for this purpose, and also providing
for an assistant librarian, and that the annual
meetings might beheld in cither September or
October. Messrs. Dr. Howe, W. R. Hill, J. C.
Waters, L. Stockwell and Win. Sumner were
aopointed a committee to nominate a board of
officers for the ensuing year, mid to report at an
adjourned meeting at seven o'clock on Friday
evening.
The following committee on resolutions were
appointed, viz.: Messrs. I. N. Metcalf, William
Sumner, and Prentice. Adjourned to Fri
day evening.
THE THIRD MATINEE
Took place between three and four, and as usual
was one of the most interesting entertainments
of the day. The following programme was in
troduced
1. Near tho banks of that Inno river.. La Hack
Mr. Wood of Dauiehmnvtlle.
2. Piano solo, Frosh Life Spindler
M*-s M. L. Staphs.
3. The pleasant month of June
Mbs Mary Stone.
4. The heart bowed down Balfe
Mr. H. F. Hammond.
5. Komanza bv Gurcia
Miss Antoinette Sterling.
6. Scherzo in B Minor hopln
Mr. E. B. Story.
7. Romanza from “Martha”
Mr. George Simpson.
8. ’TiT but a litlle faded flower Thomas
Mr. J. R. Thomas.
We were particularly please*! with the singing
«*f Mr. Simpson ami Miss Sterling, and the
pianoforte solo by Mr. Story; Miss Staples also
deserves commendation for the good interpreta
tion given to the fine selection from Spindler.
The other performers also deserve notice for the
acceptable manner of renderingtheii parts.
THE SECOND GRAND CONCERT
Took plitcc in the evening in the presence of as
large and emlnisiastic an audience as we ever
witnessed. It was well named, “The Artist’s
Concert,” and we think the magnificent chorus
deserves equal praise with the special artists of
the evening, for the great accuracy, promptness
and expressive rendering of the parts assigned
it. The numbers were largely increased since the
first conceit, over six hundred appearing in the
ranks. Messrs. Southard and Zerrahn must be
particularly gratified with the result of their
labors. Schumann’s “Gypsy Life,” is certainly
a composition of great merit, describing In a
vivid manner the scenes and habits connected
with those strange beings, the gvpsies.
Ihe solos were creditably performed !>y
Miss Batchcldor, Mrs. Bancroft, Mrs. Kirby,
Messrs. Lynden and Thompson. The chorus
and duet, “I Waited for the Ixu'd,” by Men
delssohn, was well rendered. Miss Batcheldor
sustained well the difficult position in which she
was placed, in connection with the great prima
donna. The full power of the chorus was best
displayed in the chorus, “I will extol thee,’’ by
Southard. And now, what shall we say of the
New York artists? Wc certainly cannot do
them justice, but an attempt must be made.
Madame Anna Bishop was received with much
enthusiasm, and in the recitative and cavatina,
“Casta Diva,” from the opera of Norma, ex
hibited her wonderful powers in a remarkable
degree. None but the greatest artists of the age
have ever attempted this great cavatina. Con
sidering the long time she has been before the
public, it is perfectly surprising how well she
has preserved the purity of her voice and re
tained her great powers of vocalization. Al
though Miss .Sterling impressed us favorably in
the afternoon, we were not prepared for the ex
traordinary talent developed during the evening.
We were specially charmed with the song by
Schubert. This at once put her in perfect sym
pathy with her audience, which was increased
by the brilliant little gem by Mendelssohn;
such a hearty outburst of applause wc never
heard, and the audience would not be satisfied
with a simple recognition of the compliment,
but persistently kept up their applause until
she appeared and sung Hullah’s “Three Fish
ers,” producing an almost indescribable effect,
completely thrilling her listeners, with a pathos
and intensity of expression almost painful to
bear. This would not satisfy the audience, and
she again appeared and sung “Faithand Hope,”
by Millard. A lady beside us was so enthusias
tic as to say that if she had her choice to hear
Nillson or Sterling, allhough she had never
heard Nillson, she should choose Sterling. The
other ballad by Sullivan by Miss S. was equally
well rendered with her other selections. Mr.
Simpson, always a favorite with a Worcester
audience, fully sustained his high reputation in
everything he attempted. “Come into the gar
den, Maud,” by Balfe, was one of the
gems of the evening, and to a hearty
encore lie responded with the cele
brated song by Braham, “Sally in our Alley.”
Never having before heard Mr. Thomas, we are
not prepared to express an opinion as to bis
merits, until wc have heard him in “Elijah.”
lie certainly exhibits a good style and conect
method, but seemed to be lacking in the right
kind of voice timbre lor an effective vocalist.
We are anxious to hear him in Elijah, and from
his well known reputation as an oratorio singer,
doubt not his ability to well sustain his role.
We have not time to speak of the great con
certs still in store for us, and can only say that
the symphony concert by the Boston Orchestral
Union, aided by the New York artists, and the
closing concert of the great dramatic oratorio
of Elijah will be a treat seldom granted to a
Worcester audience.
Additional subscriptions to Chicago and the
northwest: Mrs Leisure, $2; employes of A G
Coes o. $32.5 f First Evangelical church of Ux
bridge, for Michigan and northwest, $104; O J
Pierce, $5; George A Gates, S2O; Charles YV Sears,
$7; total, $170.50. Previously reported, $41,222.75;
total, $41,393.25.
has. B. Whiting, Treasurer.
COUNTY NEWS.
Fitchburg has 384 licensed dogs this year.
Seven coons were brought down in one night
last week by hunters on Wachusett mountain.
James Gillson of Petersham killed a fretful
porcupine a few nights ago, which weighed fif
teen pounds.
The republican town committee of Fitchburg
for the ensuing year consists of Jabez Fisher,
John W. Kimball, J. M. Woodbury, J. E. Man
ning, and E. P. Downe.
During the prevalence of a high wind, one
night last week, a large wooden building in
Fitchburg, forty feet wide, eighty feet long, and
two stories high, was blown from its founda
tion and carried some five feet, damaging it con
siderably.
A boy named Mahar, who was sent from this
city to the Westboro reform school, ran awaj’
from that institution «n the 25th in company
with a boy named Lawrence. Another boy
started with them, but was caught and taken
back.
The members of the Rutland Grand Army
post, with their wives, called upon Mr. F. M.
Stowell of Holden, on the evening of the 24th
and presented him with a roll of greenbacks as
an expression of their appreciation of an ad
dress delivered by Mr. Stowell before the Rut
land post on memorial day.
The republican caucus in Millbury, for the
election of delegates to the Sixteenth representa
tive district, held on Tuesday evening last, was
the largest caucus ever held in that town. One
hundred and ninety-one votes were polled, of
which the delegates favoring the election of Mr.
John Hopkins received 106, and those favoring
the election of Mr. Nelson Walling received 85.
Following is the list of delegate: George N.
Smith, Sullivan Bancroft, 11. L. Park, John
Martin, S. D. Waters, Jason Emerson, Charles
Walden and E. M. Holman.
Two Cares of Accidental Shooting.—A
young man by the name of Charles W. Warren
was accidentally killed by a gnu in East Brook
field on the evening of the 25th. In company
with three others he went about four miles from
the village on a coon hunt, and having arrived
in the field where they proposed to leave their
team, Warren went to the rear of the wagon and
raking a gun by the muzzle drew it towards
him, when the hammer caught and the charge
was lodged in his side. He died in about fifteen
minutes, there in the lot with his comrades. He
was the son of Jonas Warren, who was at one
time station agent at Rochdale.
Herbert Hilton, a hoy about fifteen years
old, son of Hudson Hilton, of Web
ster, was accidentally’ shot on the 25th, by a boy
named Joslin, of about the same age. They
were out gunning together, Hilton with a double
barrelled gun and Joslin with a single barrel.
The former wished to change and take the single
barrel because it was lighter, so they exchanged,
but Joslin didn’t understand the double-barrel,
and by some mistake fired it ofl, so that the
charge entered the abdomen of the Hilton boy.
He died at about eleven o’clock the same night.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
to THE woKcrartiK
FROM EUROPE.
{■rent Hritain.
MAINE VESSEL RUN DOWN—LOSS OF LIFE.
London, Oct. 26—The bark J. P. Bradley,
Bradley, of Bucksport, Mr., li m London for
Philadelphia, was run down off the Isle of
Wight by a steamer (name not given), ami a
portion of the crew perished. No damage to
the steamer is reported.
THE INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY.
Baron Von Beust is preparing a note regard
ing the international society, to be addressed to
all rhe governments in Europe. The Prussian
government will propose, to the reiebsrath a
law on the same subject. An eminent jurist and
special functionaries are charged with the duty
of drafting the law.
BENEFACTIONS.
The contributions to Chicago received at the
Mansion house amount to £41,200. The town
of Bradford subscribed £4250. The Times urges
the dispatch of prompt and liberal aid for the
sufferers in Wisconsin and Michigan. It says
that if such help is not afforded to these unlor>
tunate people, the ultimate suffering from the
northwestern fires will be greater than can fol
low the Chicago conflagration.
ANOTHER FRIGHTFUL DISASTER.
Another frightful colliery disaster occurred,
in the shape of an explosion, this afternoon,
in Seahan mine, near Newcastle. Thirty-three
men arc in the pit, and none are yet reached.
There is scarcely’ a hope of saving a single life.
Ireland.
MURDER TRIAL.
Dublin, Oct. 26.—The trial of Jcllcy, who
murdt red Head Unstable Talbot, will commence
Monday next.
inly.
THE WORKINGMEN.
Rome, Oct. 26.—The workmen's societies ot
Rome and Naples have refused to participate in
the congress of workingmen shortly to be held
at Rome, on the ground that the assembly will
be a mere republican demonstration and un
friendly to Italy.
SECURE.
The government has relaxed its vigor of pre
cautions against the internationals and parti
sans of the republican agitation, believing their
principles have no hold upon the Italian people.
Spain.
QUIET.
Madrid, Oct. 26.—The rumors of the con
spiracies against the government by the pa.'ti
zans of Duke Montpcnsier and of the infant Al
fonso, are without a shadow of truth. The
whole kingdom is perfectly quiet, ami no dem
onstration of any kind against the dynasty of
Savoy is apprehended.
Austria.
THE SITUATION.
Vienna, Oct. 26. —The morning journals are
of rhe opinion that the political questions pend
ing before the emperor will be decided according
to the views of the Imperial Chancellor Von
Buest, an»l that the resignation of the Hohen
worth ministry is imminent.
Later. The Hohenworth ministry have ten
dered their resignations ro the emperor. There
is no doubt of iheir acceptance.
FOR CHICAGO.
Vienna, Oct. 26.—T0-day’s journals publish
an appeal for contributions in aid of the Sutter
ers in Chicago, signed by Von Beust, and others.
United States Minister Jay is active in further
ing the relief movement.
From Washington.
KUKLUX ARRESTS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Washington, I). C., Oct. 26.—Information is
received that eighteen citizens of York county,
South Carolina, have been arrested this week
charged with being members of the kuklnx or
ganization. There are forty persons already in
the Yorkville jail on the same charge. Attorney
Akerman is personally aiding Marshal Johnson
in the raid on the proclaimed counties.
BEFORE THE SUPREME COURT.
A case is before the supreme court, involving
the power of the corporation of the city of
Richmond to issue, in 1861, notes of less value
than $5.
AR RESTED.
Victor Y. Powell, clerk in the second audit
or’s office, has been arrested, charged with
bounty claim frauds amounting to SIO,OOO. It
is rumored that an investigation will increase
the amount to SIOO,OOO, and that an ex-member
of congress is implicated.
SMALL NOTES.
Treasury Spinner, in reply to a complaint of
the scarcity of small notes lor use in moving
the cotion cron, says the treasury is prepared to
supply notes ot all denominations icquircd anil
paid f >r, transportation both ways at the ex
pense of the department.
THE COLORED CONVENTION.
The details of the colored convention in South
Carolina, which has adjourned sine die, show
that they have adopted reports in favor of the
emigration of colored people Irom the north,
and of the enaction by congress of the supple
mental civil rights bill introduced by Senator
Sumner.
Congress was asked to incorporate the freed
men’s homestead law. Another national con
vention will be held in New Orleans in April,
1872.
STILL ANOTHER ARREST.
Ex-Congressman Wm. B. Stokes, supervisor
of internal revenue for Tennessee, was arrested
here today, charged with defrauding the gov
ernment to the amount of $60,0(M». He gave
bail in $15,000 for appearance at the criminal
court. It is said that Powell, clerk in the sec
ond auditor’s office, who is in jail, is concerned
in the same alleged Irauds.
AG RICULTURAL.
The report of the department of agriculture
for October, reports no general or serious dam
age to the corn crop, which is good everywhere.
The product of wheat appears about 7 percent,
less than last year. The quality is generally
superior, and is placed above the average in ail
the western states, except Kentucky, lowa and
Nebraska. The product of oats will be about
the same as last year. The quality of barley is
nearly medium, and the quantity nearly an aver
age. Buckwheat is comparatively a poor crop.
Potatoes are below the average.
Mporting Affair*.
RACES AT PITTSBURG.
Pittsburg, Oct. 26.—The races at Oakland
track, yesterday, attracted 3060 spectators. The
trot between Goldsmith Maid and Lucy was
won by the former in three straight heats. Time,
2:26i, 2:214, 2:24}.
In Mcmorinm.
HON. THOMAS EWING.
Lancaster, Ohio, Oct. 26.—Hon. Thomas
Ewing died at half-past three, this afternoon,
surrounded by his family, easy and naturally,
as though taking a sleep. He will be buried
here at eleven o’clock, Saturday.
o. E. HALL.
New Orleans, Oct. 26.—0. E. Hall, formerly
proprietor of the St. Charles, di 2d to-day.
REV. GEO. BROWN.
Cincinnati, Ort. 26—Rev. George Brown,
editor of the Methodist Recorder, died at Spring
field, Ohio, yesterday, aged 80.
T. C. TAY LOR.
Wilmington, Del., Oct. 26. —T. Clarkson
Taylor, a Quaker minister, died here yesterday.
The Weal her.
Washington, Oct. 26.—The low barometer
on Lake Huron will probably move eastward,
with brisk southwesterly winds, to-night, on the
lower lakes; partially cloudy and clearing
weatherfon Friday very generally from the Mis
sissippi river to the Appalachian range; rains
and local high winds in western Virginia and
North Carolina; clouds and rain, with south
easterly winds, for the middle and cast Atlantic
coasts; no important change for the southern
states.
The captain general of Cuba will leave Ha
vana on Saturday, for the eastern end of the
island.
WORCESTER: FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 27, 1871.
Our New York Dispatches.
l.nteM Development* in tli«* Chis of the
Great Thieve* PrepnrntiouN lor the Ar
rest of Ilir Hoss He w ill be Politely Km>
rotted to Albany by n “Hireling of the
Law”-The. Case of Itosriizweig— Other
TlsiHitm of ItitvrvNi mid Importance'
New York, Oct. 26.—Charles O'Conor, last
evening, stated that he would recover three and
a half million dollars from Tweed in a civil suit.
Several more removals ot sinceurists were
made by Controller Green, yesterday.
At a meeting of the contractors for work un
der the patronage of Tweed’s department, last
evening, a committee of ten was appointed to
wait on the controller to ascertain|when they
can get about two million dollars they allege is
due them.
Wm. M. Tweed, this morning, advance*! $20,-
000 to pay the small pipe men employed on the
Croton works.
A committee of contractors waited on the con
troller to confer in relation to the sums due
them. Mr. Green informed them that the con
tracts were being looked into, and as each was
found correct it would be paid.
Messrs. O’Conor, Evarts ami Field arc closet
ed to-day perfecting papers in the Tweed case.
The developments printed in the morning papers
and which were transmitted to the eastern press
last night, create considerable excitement in the
city.
To-day’s ring revelations form the general
topic of conversation, though they were over
shadowed by Charles O'Conor’s speech a few
days ago. I’he Tribune says the proofs of
Tweed’s theft are overwhelming. The Sun
heads the revelations, “Going down at last.”
The Times says the monster thief is finally
brought to bay. Facts and exhibits make a
strong printa fade case against Mr. Tweed. The
evidence sceins sufficient to convict him in
public estimation at least of gigantic robberies
of the county treasury. Whatever mav be the
legal result ot the impending prosecution the
moral verdict of the community is not uncer
tain. Nobody can doubt that Air. Tweed is a
public roblrcr. Tilden’s investigation lets in a
flood of light. That convenient tool and man of
straw, Woodward, not only made many deposits
in the bank, but from time to time at frequent
intervals drew checks against those deposits.
Woodward’s checks tell a singular story. Wood
ward draws a check on one day for so many
dollars and cents, and on the very same day
Tweed makes a deposit in the bank of precisely
the same amount, dollar for dollar, cent for cent,
without a fraction of variation.
The next day, or a day or two after. Wood
ward draws another check, and on the very same
day Tweed makes another deposit exactly equal
in amount to Woodward’s check. This busi
ness goes on for months, witli the same precise
and curious correspondence between the figures
of Woodward’s checks and the figures of Tweed’s
simultaneous deposits. The conclusion is irre
sistible that the money originally deposited by
Woodward was Tweed’s money dishonestly ac
quired, deposited in bank in a fraudulent name,
under a false pretense, and restored to the real
owners by Woodward’s checks. How else could
it have happened, in scores of instances, that the
exact amount to a cent which was checked out
by Woodward was. on the very same day, de
posited to the credit of Tweed? To suppose
that such a person as Woodward owned the
three or four millions which he deposited is pre
posterous, and the exact correspondence between
his checks and Tweed's deposits, day by day and
dollar for dollar, discloses the real owner of that
part of the money amounting to about a mil
lion dollars thus checked outby Tweed in less
than four months, dating from the early part of
May, 1870.
No order for the arrest of Tweed bad been
served late this a!temoon,lmt a dispatch from
Albany says: “Wheeler H. Peckham made ap
plication to Judge Learned for an order of ar
rest to-day, and it was granted. A deputy
sheriff proceeded to New York to-night, anil
Tweed will be taken in custody to-morrow. It
is understood that he wil be brought to Albany
for trial.”
It is stated in New York that Tweed has a
right to change the venue on application to a
judge of the supnune court, ami intends to se
lect New York county for the trial.
The Telegram says the grand jury dismissed
the bill against Mayor Hall, charging him with
malfeasance in office, and refused to censure
h im for not examining the alleged fraudulent
bills before signing them.
A final meeting ot the joint committee of al
dermen, supervisors and citizens will be held to
morrow.
Judge Barnard has issued a decree that no
orders for arrest in civil action be granted
against the defendants for obtaining property
by false pretenses, unless the same has been in
writing, subscribed to by persons sought to be
proceeded against. No orders of arrest against
any person tor libel, assault, slander or false im
prisonment, except upon person or against the
character of a female; no order of arrest in any
action, unless the parties arc non-residents or
about to remove from the jurisdiction of the
court; nor for recovery of any amount less than
one thousand dollars.
The indebtedness of the department of parks
amount to $188,374.
There were many applications to the young
men’s committee to-day, for instruction in the
duties as watchers at the polls on election day.
An associated press dispatch from Albany
confirms the issuance of the order by Judge
Learned, for the arrest of Tweed.
At the meeting of the American Bible Union
last evening, addresses were made on the neces
sity and importance of a revision of the Bible.
The annual session of the grand division of
the Sons of Temperance of eastern New York
was held yesterday. Two hundred delegates
were present. The annual report shows 14,000
male and 6000 female members of the order. J.
W. Harcourt was elected president.
The propeller Rondout has been condemned
and ordered to be sold for not complying with
the law for the inspection of steamboats.
The court room was crowded this morning
with people anxious to witness the trial of
Rosenzweig. The trunk, which contained the
remains of Alice Bowlesby, was brought into
court. Rosenzweig looked pale and careworn.
District Attorney Garvin addressed the jury, de
tailing an account of Alice Augusta Bowlesby’s
visit to New York and to Rosenzweig’s house,
and the subsequent finding of her body in a
trunk in the Hudson River railroad depot,check
ed lor Chicago. The mother and sister of Alice
Bowlesby testified to the clothing of Alice, and
to the fact that Walter Conkling was keeping
company with her.
Janies Kenzic, an illicit distiller, was arrested
this morning in a saloon in Brooklyn by revenue
officers, but broke away. The officers fired sev
eral shots at him without effect, but wounded a
newsboy seriously in the leg. Subsequently the
police arrested Kenzie and both the revenue offi
cers.
Two more convicts escaped from Sing Sing
prison yesterday.
The national insurance convention met this
morning. A communication was received from
the trustees of the Home insurance company of
New Haven, asking the views of the delegates
as to whether unearned premiums on existing
policies should be allowed in full pro rata or by
short rates where a trustee holds the assets of
the company that has failed. Referred to the
committee on winding up. A reply was received
from Mr. Noyes of New Haven, agreeing with
the convention in reference to visiting New
Haven on Saturday. A committee was appoint
ed to determine the amount of interest realized
by lite insurance companies in 1870, and fixed it
at 6 1-10 per cent. The question of mortality
and the rate of interest was taken up and dis
cussed at length.
The Tribune has evidence that one Bowlesby,
a root beer and bark dealer of Brooklyn, is a
partner of Rosenzweig, the abortionist, and is
also a relative of Alice Bowlesby, the recent vic
tim of Rosenzweig. Bowlesby is a professor in
the eclectic medical college of Philadelphia—
his name appearing on the list with Matthew
Hale Smith, J. Buchanan, .1. Isaacs and Joseph
Siters in coenectiou with the Brooklyn eclectic
dispensary. Bowlesby will be called as a wit
ness in Rosenzweig’s trial.
'lhe regular democrats of Brooklyn have
nominated Samuel S. Powell for mayor.
The afternoon session in the Rosenzweig case
was consumed in evidence tending to the identi
fication of the body of Miss Bowlesby, and that
abortion had been performed.
The corner stone of the Franklin monument,
in Printing house square, was laid to-day by
Grand Master Anthon of the Masons.
A motion for the settlement of the fees of
Coleman, the receiver of the Eric railway, in
the suit of the English stockholders, has been
made to Judge Barnard; decision reserved.
The counsel claimed that the only jurisdiction
was in the United States court.
Passenger trains on the Central and Hudson
Kiver railroad, 011 and after November 1, will
run from the union depot in 42d street.
The heavy fog continues, and there are no
tidings of the Russian fleet.
A boiler exploded yesterday in Short’s iron
foundry, Williamsburg. Peter Schanter was
fatally injured.
Dr. Bowlesby, of Brooklyn, denies all knowl
edge of the Bowlesbys of Paterson, and that lie
has ever bad any business relations with Rosenz
weig. He says the latter was a! graduate of a
school in Poland, and would prove it on trial.
He has been subpoenaed as a witness for the de
lence.
An attempted outbreak in the Trenton state
prison was frustrated yesterday, and the ring
leader severely, if not fatally injured.
Frank Thomson, superintendent of the eastern
division of the Philadelphia and Erie railroad,
has been appointed manager of railroad service
for Grand Duke Alexis during his visit to the
United States.
The Russian fleet left Falmouth, England, ex
actly a month ago. Mr. Catacazy, the Russian
minister, is here, anxiously looking for the ar
rival of Duke Alexis, and seems to exhibit some
anxietv on the subject, but alleges that the fleet
is a very little overdue.
Colonel Whitely, of the United States secret
service, this evening arrested Thomas Bollar,
Joshua Miner and Llcwllyn Willey, and captured
a large quantity of plates, dies, presses, tools
and other counterteiting materials.
New England Dispatches.
Mrrrctary Hoimrcll Oivr* l«lw View* on
the I'rcMrnt QncMtion* Affecting the
■•itbUe Pronperity—-The lutbor Qurs*
tiou from the Ntit nd point of n Mtiile*>
mmi, etc.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Oct. 26.—Hon. Geo. S. Boutwell de
livered a lecture this evening before the Bay
State course, at Music hall, to a very large audi
ence. He was greeted with enthusiastic ap
plause. His subject was: “Present Questions
Affecting I’ublic Prosperity.” After a lew pre
liminary remarks, in introducing his subject he
said that:
Within the last two decades, two great events
have taken place—the emancipation of the serfs
and the emancipation of the slaves. In 1870,
the slaves were living in ignorance and poverty;
and yet, in spite of all this they produced 4,400,-
000 bales of cotton, against 4,600,000 while
slavery existed.
THE LABOR QUESTION.
The speaker said he should consider the errors
which laboring men commit; and, first, they look
to labor organizations for general and perma
nent g(Mxl. These organizations are not to he
denounced,and they have the right to say what
the price of labor should be; but the good ac
complished by this is only temporary; second,
they spend too much time in considering wheth
er they should labor six, eight or ten hours a
day; as the employers come to ascertain their
interests this will be settled. In the mines, and
in unheahhlul pursuits, the man should peihaps
labor but six hours a day; hut in other employ
ments, where health and life are not endangered,
the man can work more hours.
They do a wrong, not an error merely, but a
great wrong, when they attempt to dictate to
the employer the number of hours they are to
labor or the trade one must adopt. Cannot a
youth lie a stone mason if he chooses? Is it
not the right of a young man to enter any pur
suit he pleases, without any dictation from
laboring men? There is but One general way
tor laboring men to obtain full justice, and that
is by co-operation. There are two kinds ol co
operation. One is co-operation among them
selves. and the other is the relation Io the em
ployer. If you go into the manufactories at
Worcester and other places, and ask who would
be acc( pted in co-operative organizations, some
would be rejected; and if you go to the employ
ers, the same result would transpire. What
does it mean? It means that some persons are
not capable to work for the benefit of man
through co-operative organizations; consequent
ly, there are some who must be elevated to the
benefits received by co-operation. This can be
produced by education, in its Iwoadot sense.
The only way to elevate the laboring classes is
by education in the public schools, supported
by general taxation; the schools that are sup
ported in any other way are inefficient
Mr. Boutwell then referred to another subject
of interest, viz.:
THE TENURE OF LAND.
England is distracted by three or four ques
tions, undone is the tenure of land. In Eng
land, the opinion is strong that a man cannot
cultivate a tenure of land without being a pro
prietor. If all the population of the United
States were crowded into Texas, and all the
other parts of the country left unpopulated,
there would not be so many people to the
square mile as there are in Massachusetts. Why
should any man, because he happens to be in
the possession of hind by will or otherwise,
say to what use that land shall be put when
he is dead? Our laws should forbid a man
saying by testament, or other means, what
use the hind should be put to when he is dead.
Another evil in relation to the land ques
tion is:
THE POWER AND PRACTICE OF RAILROAD COM
PANIES
To purcharc land which is not necessary for
the business of the road. Why should railroad
companies be permitted to buy coal regions,
and prevent people from getting a livelihood
from owning this land and reaping some of
the benefits from its products? An incident
evil is, that railroad companies are able to in
vest their surplus profits without the knowl
edge of the public. He then proceeded to
discuss
TRANSPORTATION,
First by railroads, and then by ships. He be
lieved that the railroad system at present in this
country includes about 50,000 miles, and was
established to transport passengers and freight,
and it is for the interest of the public that they
keep down to their legitimate business, and that
they transport freight and passengers ai the very
lowest rates compatible with flic interests of the
proprietors. There is one point in which the la
boring man is concerned in England: Parlia
ment passed a law reipiiring the roads to convey
persons a certain distance from the city for one
shilling, and there should be such a law in Bos
ton; so that the working man could get the free
air and establish for himself a home away from
ibe dusty city. The internal interest of this
country is vast; it is fifteen times as great as the
external commerce. There are in the west large
amounts of grain and other products to be Ship
ped east, and it is important that it should be
done at the very lowest cost, as it increases the
comfort of the laborer in the cast, as well as in
the west, and no man will doubt the propriety
of this principle.
Mr. Boutwell then referred to the transporta
tion by water toother countries, remarking that
it was a deplorable fact that, of the 140 mer
chant vessels that sail between this country and
Europe, not one was under the American flag.
Great Britain is taking possession of the com
merce of the world. This is humiliating. How
is it to be remedied? No more wooden ocean
ships arc to be built. Sailing vessels built of
iron are no longer wanted, and the only vessels
that can compete with other commerce are iron
steamships. He spoke of the advantages we
have over England in our iron being ten per
cent better, lie referred to the navy, as it is
claimed that it is larger for the purposes ol
peace than is necessary; as the question is not
as to the size or armament of a vessel at Mexico
or Corea, but the flag under which it sails repre
sents 40,000,000 people, who will not ask any
thing wrong nor will they submit to anything
wrong.
SHIPS AND DUTIES.
He then referred to the suggestion that if the
duties in some of the materials of building ships
were removed, we would be relieved, claiming
that, to some extent, it would he so, but that it
would necessitate the removing of duties from
other articles, and the governmentcuunot afford
to do that. We are looking to specie payment;
and would it not be well if the transportation of
our products to and fro was in the hands of
American ship builders.
PUBLIC DEBTS.
He spoke upon the subject of public debts,
which in Europe were increased at a fearful
rate. The debts of Europe and the United States
a few years since amounted to 57,600,000,000;
to-day they reach 823,000,000,000; in 1818, in
this country, it was $800,000,000; and up to
1871 the debt was nearly trebled. He argued
against the project of postponing the payment
of the debt, thinking it was best to grapple
with it now, and give the capitalists a sharp
rap for endeavoring to shirk, as they sometimes
do, their real share of the burden.
ADVICE.
He closed with some excellent advice to the
young who are to rule this country when it con
tains 100,000,000 people, warning them against
some of the mistakes men in the past have
made.
Chief Engineer Damrell was received to-night,
on his return from Chicago, by a grand torch
light procession of the Boston fire jairtment.
Boston, Oct. 26.—The last unrecognized vic
tim of the Revere disaster has been identified as
Mrs. Locke, widow lady, about fifty-five years
old, belonging in Lowell. She left Lowell to
visit relatives in Lynn, and, while her friends in
Lowell have supposed she was in Lynn, her
relatives in Lynn were not aware that she had
left home.
Springfield, Oct. 27.—Smith, Perry Co.’s
whip factory, at Westfield, was burned this
morning; also, a barn; and Brian Keefe Co.’s
cigar factory was badly damaged. Loss, $6000;
insured for S2OOO.
VERMONT.
Burlington, Oct. 26. —This afternoon, Israel
Freeman, a negro, and a Frenchman named
Carbo, quarreled over some books which the
former said was stolen from him. Freeman
swore he would kill Carbo when sober, and
went across the room for a butcher knite. Carbo
threw a hatchet at Freeman, which struck him
on the head, splitting the skull and causing
death. Carbo gave himself up to the police,
with expressions of horror for the deed.
RHODE ISLAND.
Providence, Oct. 26—The amount of
cash contributions for Chicago and other west
ern suffereis reported in this city is about $70,-
000. The citizens’ relief committee appropri
ated today 55000 each to Wisconsin and Michi
gan.
From Chicago.
Chicago, Oct. 26.- It is feared that the work
on the Chicago observatory will be suspended
for want of funds.
The corporation of Chicago loses $5,000,000
by the destruction of bridges, buildings, dam
age to water works, etc.
It is believed that a large number of the per
sons burned were thieves, who prosecuted their
vocation till escape was impossible.
The bricklayers and masons are endeavoring
to form an organization, each mvmlicr to pledge
himself to work for ordinary day wages.
All the papers indorse Mcdill tor mayor in the
strongest terms.
The relief society asks urgently for supplies of
Ixans, potatoes and onions. Thev are caring
for over forty thousand persons, with a small
stock ot vegetables, and but little coming in.
Straw beds are also needed.
Ecclesiastical.
The Bnltimore Convention.
Baltimore, Oct. 26. —Substantially concur
rent action was taken with the bishops relative
to the organization of churches or congrega
tions in foreign countries.
The confirmation of Rev. Mr. Hare, as mis
sionary bishop of (’ape Palmas, Africa, was
considered in secret session. It is understood
that it was opposed by his friends, on the
ground of the great value of his services in his
present office us secretary of the foreign com
mittee of the board of missions, and the serious
injury that must result Irom bis withdrawal
tlieielrom. A committee of conference was ap
pointed on the subject, who reported that the
bishops had withdrawn the nomination. Pro
vision is made by the canon for filling the va
cancy by the bishops.
The canon preventing the alienation of
church property’ was passed.
A proposal from the bishops for a Joint com
mittee to determine the form of worship in
schools, colleges, hospitals, Bible classes, etc.,
was tabled.
A resolution was adopted that the insertion
in the Book of Common Prayer of unauthor
ized italic letters or any change of punctuation
or musical notation, or any additional words is
unlawful.
A memorial and resolutions relative to the
division of the diocese of Illinois into three
dioceses, was referred.
A resolution for the creation of the office of a
snlfragan bishop, was indefinitely postponed.
A resolution, providing for a standing com
mittee on Indian affairs, to cooperate with the
tioard of missions, was adopted and sent to the
bishops for concurrence.
A message was received from the house of
bishops that it has adopted the following:
“Resolved, that, the house of clerical ami lay
deputies concurring, the following canon be
adopted and enacted to be entitled:
‘Canon The elevation of the elements in the
holy communion in such manner as to expose
them to the view of the people as objects to
wards which adoration shall be made, in or alter
the prayer of consecration, or in the act of ad
ministrating them, or in carrying them to or
from the communion, and any gesture, posture
or act implying such adoration, and any cere
mony not prescribed as part of the order of ad
ministration of the Lord’s supper—or holy com
munion—in the Book of Common Prayer; and
the ci lebration or reception of the holy commu
nion by any bishop or priest when no person
receives with him; likewise the use, at any ad
ministration of the holy communion, of any
hymns, prayers, collects, epistles or gospel,
other than those appointed in the authorized
formularies of the church, or under section four
teen of canon thirteen, title one, of the digest,
are hereby forbidden.”'
Debated till recess.
A vote was finally taken, resulting in the
affirmative.
Dr. Lyman, of California, ottered the follow
ing:
Resolved, that, the house of bishops concurring,
this convention express decided condemnation of
all ceremonies, observances and practices fitted to
express a doctrine foreign to that set forth in the
authorized standards of this church.
Resolved, that, in the judgment of this house,
the paternal council and advice of the right rever
end fathers, the bishops of the church, is deemed
sufficient to secure the suppression of all that is
irregular and unseemly, and to promote greater uni
formity in conducting the public worship of the
church and the administration of the holy sacra
ments.
Adopted.
A message was received from the bishops,
concurring in the action of the deputies relative
to the restoration Io the ministry of clergymen
deposed for other than reasons affecting the
moral character; concurring in the action rela
tive to the appointment of assistant bishops in
dioceses where due Episcopal supervision cannot
be exercised by the bishop; concurring in the
resolution relative to any unauthorized editions
ol the Book of Common Prayer.
A message from the bishops, that the city of
New York he the place for the meeting of the
next triennial convention, was concurred in.
Criminal Record.
LECTURERS MOBBED.
Scranton, Pa., Oct. 26 —Rev. Arthur Denton
was ordered out of a schoolhouse, yesterday af
ternoon, where he intended delivering an anti
popcry speech. He intended delivering a speech
in the evening in Odd Fellows’ hall, but hun
dreds of Irishmen congregrating to prevent him,
he left town in the evening by order of the chief
ot police.
THE ELECTION MURDER AT PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Oct. 25.—1 he coroner’s jury,
in the case of Levi Boden, who was shot in the
riots election day, since died, gave a verdict that
Boden came so his death by a gun shot wound
at the bands of Police Sergeant James Duffy.
DEFAULTER.
Philadelphia, Oct. 26.—C. T. Yerkes, Jr., a
defaulting stock broker, was held to bail in $50,-
000 for a further hearing on the complaint of
Henry Huhn, president of the common council,
charging him with embezzlement and larceny as
bailee of the city loans placed in his hands by
the city treasurer for sale.
RESULT OF A WHISKEY DISCUSSION.
New York, Oct. 26 —William Grinder yes
terday shot H S. Foster dead at Port Morris, N.
J., and wounded John Burns. Both the latter
and Grinder had a dispute about the payment
for whiske.y drank nt Grinder’s bar. Grinder
was arrested.
THE SOUTHERN BANDITS —AN EXAGGERATION.
Augusta, Ga., Oct. 26.—Advices from York
county, South Carolina, where the habeas
corpus has been suspended, state that arrests
have been made and parties lodged in the
county jail. Numbers of men arc leaving the
county; families are suffering, and business is
suspended. It is reported that half the male
population of Chester county have left the
women and children unprotected. In Spartans
burg and Union counties the stampede and
suffering are even greater than in York and
Chester.
RIOT.
St. Paul, Minn., Oct. 26.—A riot occurred to
day, at Oak Lake, the present terminus of the
North Pacific railway, in which a Swede, named
Kudscn, was killed hy a notorious blackleg,
named Jolin Wallis. Several other Swedes were
injured. Wallis was arrested and brought to
St. Paul.
Abbreviated DiMpntchcn.
The bullion in the Bank of England has in
creased .£1,300,(100.
At Charleston, S. C., there were two deaths
Irom yellow fever yesterday.
It is stated that seventeen deaths have oc
curred at Pittsburg from small pox during the
past two days.
At Alban v, acomplaint has been made against
Aiderman John Stuart, charging him with be
ing interested in a city coal contract.
One hundred acres of land at Glen Cove, Long
Island, have been sold to the National Camp
Meeting association.
A Carson dispatch says that an extensive and
alarming conflagration is raging in the moun
tains cast of that citv, and large quantities of
wood have already been destroyed. Rain is
anxiously looked for.
Private te’egrams from Vicksburg report the
deaths of fifteen persons in that city from yel
low fever on Tuesday. Over three thousand
persons have quit the city, and numbers arc
leaving daily on account of the plague.
The Chicago Times of the 23d prints a long
confession by an alleged member of the Interna
tional society, going to show that Chicago was
burned by members of that organization, giving
details which appear to be confirmed by actual
events. The confession asserts that other cities
will share the same fate.
Mayor Mason has notified Gen. Sheridan that
there is no further need of the services of the
regular and volunteer troops. The general has
directed the disbanding of the latter, and or
dered the former to proceed to their respective
stations at Leavenworth, Louisville, Fort Hayes
and Omaha.
PATENT OFFIOK BUSINESS Ameri
can ana Foreign Patent* procured,Rejected Ap
plications re-argued; Interhrenee Cases Prosecuted:
Opinions given hm to the validity and infringement rs
Patents and Suits prosecuted and defended In the U. 81
Courts, by
TllOb. II PODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of|the
Board of Appeals. U. 8. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent. Cases. Office. Dodgers
Block, eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mass.
u 24 d&wtf
QLIVER’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STKEKT OLI) NO. S7O
niy24 dt f
yy ORC EST ER
Industrial Advertising Agency
A N D
GENERAL IXTELLIGEXCE OFFICE,
Room No. 1 Rogers' Block,
Corner Main ami Pleasant streets.
I.ifc, Fire mid Accidental Inanrancc
Promptly Attended to.
HOUSES. TENEMENTS, SHOPS. STORES. ROOMS,
&C.. SECURED FOR THOSE WHO WISH.
Property Rented, Bills Collected, Situations Found for
Domestics, and Help obtained on the most reasonable
terms. Domestics secured for general housework, cooks,
chambermaids, kitchen girls, table waiters for-hotels
and saloons, and general information given to those who
are coming into the ity and are looking tor work, or de
sire a situation In any kind of business.
C. K. HUBBARD.
AGENTS WANTED—To canvass the country and
sell Patent Articles and Yankee Notions.
office hours trom Bto 12, trom 2to 5, and 6 to 8.
s2l dtf
XTEW ENGLAND TELEG RAPH ACAD-
Xl EMY. 161 Tremont st., Boston, for Young Men anti
Ladies. No class system For terms, Ac., send for cir
culars, dcoplm 026
PRICE 1 CENTS.
bUKK CUKE!
JOHNSTON'S
Rheumatic
Compound!
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WAKRANTED—NO CURE, NO PAY
See testimonials in Evening Gazette.
AGENCY WITH
EimiX A. BAR REW,
A)>ot Hecary,
1X BA Y STATE*HOI SE
sls dll
i.lcal (.Estate.
J*EALKB T A T E
Abbot Rice,
SVCCKSSORS TO
'riIAVIYU *v ICICI:,
REAL ESTATE ANO INSURANCE AGENTS,
No. 1 Central Exchange,
old p. o. nuinniNGr.
We have constantly on tian-l an extensive Ihl of the
most, desirable ('Ky and Country Property In tin* market.
Building Luts, stores. Manuiaclories. Bu.-'iness Chanccb.
4c.. Ac.
For Sale and Excliau<re,
which are not advertised, to which wc invite the atten
tion of purchasers.
S3?“Term» KeiiHnnablc*
Xo Charite to Hurchaser*.
Bnow is the time to sell
YOUR REAL ESTATE!—Hand Ina description
of your places at once.
We want 5« places imniediatclv, varying in
price irom >SOOO to SIO,OOO. Hand them In to
ABBOTT ID UE.
1 Central Exchange.
FOR SALE —One mile from the
Court House, a «ood Ce tage House, with ten
room-; M acre land. Cheap ABBOTT RICE.
FOR SALE—Within one minutes’
Kitii walk of Bay state I louse, a good 4-tenement
■Hll house—’2B room-; 4000 feel of land; pays 15 per
cent, on investment. ABBOTTARICE.
BFOR SALE—In Webster Square, a
desirable 2-Icnetnent house—ll rooms; citv and
well water; 9MJoleet of land. Price S.BOO
ABBOTT A RICE.
FOR SALE—On Cambridge st., a
;;ff Cottage House—7 rooms; SOOlFfect of hind. Price
ABBOTT A RICE.
FOR SALE—On Vernon st., a de
sirable Cottage House and comes lot—Booo feet of
Htlll land. Prices4ooo. ABBOTT A RICE.
BFOR SALE —On Columbia st., a
new 4-tenemo t House—2o rooms; 5000 feet of
land. Price SSOOO- ABBOTT A RICE.
FOR SALE’—Farm for sale, within G
miles ot city, ot UO acres—2o acres wood and
8111 l sprout land; cuts 20 tonshav. two-thlrds English;
will keep 10 head rat tie: good 2-story house, in
tlrst-rate order. Price S4OOO. ABBOTT A RICE.
BFOR SALE —Within 21) miles of the
city, a very desirable Fann of 270 acres; 2-story
house; .1 good bams; running water to house and
barn; 75acres mowing and tillage; 125 acres extra
pasturing; 70 acres of woodland of 40 years growth
mo tly chestnut arid oak. Market for lumber within 34
miles O’ wood lot: cutsSO tons hay; will keep 35 head of
cattie. A grand good iarm. worthy the attention of all.
ABBOTT A RICE.
SALE—A Pasture of GO acres, G
miles from city. Price SI2OO.
ABBOTT A RICE.
FARM FOR SALE-Of 60 acres,
with good house and ham; 0 miles from city.
Price S3OOO. ABBOTT A RICE.
FARM FOR SALE—Of 30 acres; a
WImT2-story house; barn nearly new; keep 6 head;
nil! 11 woo*l enough for use; 5 miles trom city.
Price $3200. ABBOT T A RICE.
0‘25 dtf
WE MUST HAVE MORE FARMS.
■Hi s<>n< l in y°" r descriptions right away, if you wish
■Bll to sell this fall, as the season is fast advancing.
Now IS THE TIME TO BBLL THEM. Bring 111 cm in
early, to ABBOTT A RICK.
1 Central Exchange.
ABBOTT RICE
KO. 1 CJSKTICAK EXCHANGE,
81 riff
BFOK SALE —Cottage House and
Lot, No. 5 Piedmont st. House contains 9 rooms,
all in good order; small barn, well and city
water; 13.800 feet of 'and, well stocked with truit
trees; (>.OOO feet, of land will be sold separate If desired.
For particulars inquire on the premises dtf my 4
1 ESTABLISHED IN 1838.-P. YOUNG,
Dealer in Fancy Good-. Toys, and U'*dul Articles
Umbrellas and Parasols lb'paircd. Pinking in a num
ber of styles. Slumping for Embroidery.
Agency of (he French Dye House, of Boston. Goods
sent to the Dye llonse. on Fridays.
P ease observe the sign of •'The Variety Store," No. 22f
Ma-n street, nearly opposite the QuiDsigamond Bana.
ie2" deontf
E;;: THE
WILDER AND MARVINS'
BSMHIIKIIiE I'KOOf SAFES can .till be
I' lind at (he Agency, No. 23% Pearl
Nt., opposite Post Office.
V nii 19i 11 j i SA.HOWI.AMI
A LEXAN!) E R L oThI m£ R,
-CA. Manufacturer and dealer in
RUSSIA, MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP CORD
AGE,
Bed Cords, Cotton Clothes Lines Steam Packing, Fist
Lines, Twine, Pulley Blocks,
Wholesale Retail.
Corne-of Exchange and Blackstone streets,
Worcester den*
p 1 A N S A N D ORG A N B
WM. SV MNE IC Selects and Furnishes all kinds
of Pianos and Organa from the Factories In New York
and Boston, or from houses in YVorcester. if desired.
Call at No. 1 Chatham St. Place, or ml dress by mall.
Orders for Tuning and Repairing may lie left at L. Il
Bigelow’s Book Store. 239 Main st. dTu.Th*Stf n 5
Bands
Everywhere are invited to send their orders tor
BRASS INSTRUMENTS
to .1. C. HAYNES CO., whose large stock of excel
lent instruments, at moderate prices, tarnishes one ot
the very best opportunities for selection. At thiscele
brated Instrument store may also be procured theta-st
Violins. Guitars. Flutinas, Accordcdhs, Fifes, Flageolets
and MchKteons lor sale and to let.
Band Music. Sheet Music, Music Books, and all kind*
of Musical Merchandise.
JOHN HAYN KM CO.,
33 Court st., opposite the Court House, Boston.
(27 deop&wly
MONEY CANNOT BUY ITI
For Sight is Priceless!
Hut the illnmoutl Si>ectacle» will Preserve
it.
If you value your Eyesight, use these
PERU EC T I, ENS ES,
Oroiind now Minute Crystal Pebbles.
Melted together, and derive tludr mime ••Diamond" on
account ot their Hardness and Brilliancy. They will
last mans’ years without change, and are warranted
superior to all others, manufactured by
,1. K. SPENCER «V CO.. N. Y.
Cavtion.—None genuine unless stamped with our
Trade Mark.
BENJ. GODDARD A CO., Jewelers and Opticians,
arc Sole Agent--for Worcester. Mass., from whom they
can only be obtained. No Pedlers employed.
aplO deopdtwly
0 A~ UPTON CO.,
200 Opp. Bay State House. 290
have in .-tore the largest assortment of the REAL
Bergmann Zephyr Worsteds!
that we have ever shown, embracing some New Shades,
which we shall sell ai 17c per oz.—Au ('olors.
Also, a good line ot the best <>i o*her makes, (hat we
are selling at 12'* cis. peroz.—Ad oho
Sllpuer, Ottoman, and other Worsted Patterns—ln
great variety; Canvas, Floss, and all
WOKSTEU MATERIA E.
at the Lowest Market Price.
C. A. UPTON CO.,
900 Main 8t sign of the Big stocking
dTu,ThXStt
AUVERTUIAQ KATES.
Iw Daily Rfy—For the "Square* often Unca sol!
sgate type, 1 time 75 eta.; each subsequent insertion 50
cts.; 1 week $2.75; 2 weeks $1.00; 1 month $6.00; 1 year
s6o—and the same rate proportionally for any numl>cr o
squares. Two 'ines for one week $1.00; three line $1 25;
four lines $1.37; live lines $1 50. Local notices 25 cent a
per line for u h insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
Une. Obituary notices resolutions, Ao., 15 cents par line
Legal advertisements SI.OO per square for first iuser
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special In the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cut* and double
column advertisement* allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
Ik Wekkly Spy—First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
Estate.
B ELEGANT HOUSE FOK SALE—
The New Brick House, with br-wn sfona trim
mings. N<>. 5 \shlau<l *l.. built in the best manner,
and K a city hoii'c in all r- pe, *s. H will ho .old
at a inmlcrnte price. Impure ol li. W. EDDV, No. 7
Ashland st. «lu' oQ
EALE S T A T
JEiL BBABill AUTKUS.
L. A. Ely Co.
Corner Main and Pleasant SU.,
ROGERS’ BLOCK, CORNER OFFICE.
FOR SALE -Tn tho immediate vicin-
Ity of the "Oread. anew 2-l'iiemcnt house 10
111 loom.; C I-
ln»wls, Ac. ’lerm.-ei
L. A ELY A CO.
FOR SALE —A Splendid Investment
■lff-8-tenement Brick Block; good Inc.ilkm. mar
j|l!|l Main -t rents readily to excellent t mint-. md
pays a large per cent, onthe investment. Price
S9WM>. Terms easy. L. A. ELY A
FOR SALE In the vicinity of Bene
■:;;i tlt«t., a very desirable 2- netm ut hou-e.in thor
■l!|j ough repair; handsome location. Price |v»00.
L. A. ELY A CO.
fsij FOR SALE On Newbury st., a good
;;h 3-tenemenl house, barn. Ac city' waler, water
till closets; K wer entcre*!. Ac I ays a large wceiit
t **<>n the investment. Price JiiOtO. terms easv.
L. A. ELY A O.
FOR SALE On Newbury st., (foot
of Chai ham,» a ne nly new, Hmrougb-buiH. good
■lUjstyh'. Kreti l io«>t t< nemenl hou-e; nice lot.
Price $7200. I i rms easv. Apph l<>
oW dtf L. A. ELY A CO.
VILLAGE RESIDENCE for stile hi
■ui! 'blH'iiry, 5 miuut< n.dk Irom depot, nice Uot
■H£t:i .e IbniM-. II rimm l.ot In* v variety
*>i Fruit. Price $2600.
L. A. ELY' A UO.
FOR SALE—On Orange st., a very
dcsiniblc Estate; desirable r< sidetu e andanex-
Hll|] ccllent investment. I'rlcc tPl.ooo.
I- ELY A CO.
FOR SALE A pleasantly located
||:::TSuhiirb:in FARM <ns aen s, all undet u tiv.iilon;
Miff milesl'rom City Hall: 2 u tu-n ent li<>um-. barn,
L. A. ELY A O.
FOR SALK In Millbury, 1 miles
from <lcpot, a good Fann *>l 120 arr*--: 300 apple
M»!|! trees. 225 pear trees, 200 ne u h tree.. together m i'h
:reat varlel.v of-mall Iruii hu Idings i.ur; will
keep from 12 to 15 head; wood .sufficient tor i irm.
L. A. ELY A CO.
FOR SALEWA FINE FARM of
lb;;'. Ill) acres, 2 ni'h from UHvltall; good build
Mli| Ings; large stock of trim land under excellent
,111 cultivation. Price slo,trt)o.
L. A. ELY A CO.
FOR SALE In Oxford, a splendid
■lii F :,rni 2h> acres; 80 aero woou and timber land
buildings, all In excellent onh r; 2 miles from
twodvpots; mile from church, schools, store,
Ac. Price SB,OOO L A. ELY A CO.
FOR SALE In Auburn, G miles
from City Hall, a wry pleasantly located Farm of
Mji|| 85 acres; 2u acres wood. 5 acres heavy timber;
land quick and easi under good cultivation;
will keen 15 hetvl of slock 1 mites from depot.
Price SS,(MH). L. A. ELY A CO.
FOR SALE A desirable FARM of
■iii 8 acres, 3 mile* from Cily Hill; S mowing and
■Hll tillage, balance excellent pasture; tine stock of
Fruit; superior Garden Land; house arranged for
two families; good buildings.
Price $”,300. L. A. ELY A CO.
FOR SALE —On Pleasant st., a desi-
Ks;; rattle Corner Estate; verv entral.
Pricesl2,ooo. L. A. ELY A CO.
fp<> RENT—A good Lower Tenement of 7
JL rooms, on Bendit e mrl; rent $23 per month.
L A. ELY CO.
silo RENT On Wuudlaml st., a first-class
JL Tenement; bam if desired.
024 dtf 1.. A. ELY A CO.
FOR SALE Or Exchange for City
■iiii Property—Farm of 2% acres, lb mdes tram Roch
■lff bale Depot; superior land, in high state of culti
vation; Cottage House, pa nte', blinded, four
lighted windows; tmrn: vood orchard of grafted fruit of
various kinds. Inquire of ts. F. G<»DDARI>. Charlton
Depot, or L. A ELY A CO.,
Corner Main and Pleasant ats.
FOR SALE—Or Exchange for Farm
near Worcester, good two tenement House—l 2
■Hit good rooms; city ami well water; good lot, and
neighborhood; pleasant local ion
L. A. ELY A CO
o'2o iltf Comer Main and Pleasant »ts.
FARMS WANTED.-We have a
W.Ti large demand for FIRMS within miles of Wor-
Ullff cester Centre. Hand in votir descriptionswltllo
I| ie trade is lively. L. A. ELY’ A CO..
M '-1 dtf Corner Main and Pleasant st*.
SEVERAL good BUSINES CHANGES
tor sale. L. a. ELY' A CO.
L. A. ELY O.
FOR SALE- A Cottage Houseof6
■Uh rooms, on Oxford Plain; acre land, well fenced;
■!l|j house nearly new and in i>erfcct order. Price
Apply to D. F PARMEN TEI: A co..
«1» dtf No. 2 Brinky Hall
EFOR SALE- A Superior Farm of 70
acres; within 3 miles of Citv Hall; extra set of
buildings; large amount of fruit of all varieties;
10 acres wood, witii all the stock, tools, crops,
Ac., will be sold at a great bargain, if called for soon;
SIOOO down; balance can lay on mortgage.
D. F. PARMENTER A CO.
BFOR SALE—A 2 story House; nine
rooms, barn and 5 acri's of good land: fine ur
chard. Ac.; within two minutes walk of depot in
a nourishing village G miles from Worcester. For
further particulars apply to
1). F. PARMENTER A CO.
FOR SALE—A very desirable Farm
Ml»»i of 30 acres. 2 miles from Court House; a superior
Hull orchard of 250 Hees of every variety of fruit;
buildings, and well fenced an I watered. Ap
ply to D. F. PARMENTER A CO.
BFOR SALE—in Westboro’, a Farm
of IOSM acres, miles from cev tre; miles from
Womcs’cr; cuts from HI to 100 tons of bay; a
splendid orchard of 250 trees, all in bearing: good
wood lot; extra set of fann buildings. Price only $6500.
Apply to D. F. PARMEN 1 ER A CO.
BFOR SALE A 2-tencment, French
roof House, bam and large lot, on Woodland
street; all in excellent order.
D. F. PALM ENTER A fn
slB dtf N-. 2 Hunt, i 11 ill.
FOR SALE The Residence of Ihe
late Russell Morse. Sen., pleasantly located in
Royalston. Mass. The property consists of 125
acres of excellent !an*l, well divided; fenced en
tlrely with stone wall: 20 acres heavy tlinl<cr: cuts 20
tons of hay annually, nearly all with machine; two
story square House ot II rooms; large Barn, and all
necessary outbuildings, all in good repair; never-failing
water. Tins Farm is acknow (edged by all to be one of
the lies! in Worcester County, and for persons wanting
to accommodate city boarders, this place Is unequalled
as to location and scenery. Terms easy. For further
information inquire ot J. F. MORSE.
016 <l4w
EA Li E 8 T A T E
GOULDING A
HAWKINS,
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE AGENTS,
Room -1, F’lagjx'x Block,
OPPOSITE BAY STATE lIOI'SK.
Parties contemplating the sale or purchase of Real
Estate, Business Chances, Ac., are Invited to givens a
a call, as we have constantly on hand and are continually
receiving, a large list of properly not ;ulxe:tised.
FOR SALE—A very desirable sub
■Ul; urban residence about I mile north of Court.
■llli House, containing 15large finished room-'; Barn
30x32; iMith in excellent condition; about IS
acres well cultivated I .nd; abundance ot choice trnits
grown on the premise-—ajiples. pear-, grapes, A<. Will
be sold at a sacrifice if called for soon.
GOULDING A HAWKINS,
>2O ts Room 4 Flagg's Block.
FOR SALE—Or will Exchange for City Property-
Farm of 60 Acres In Auburn. Price S2OOO.
FOK MALE.
Three Tenement French Roof House on N. Ashland st.;
1 wo Houses oil Hudson street;
Two Tenement House and barn on Bowdoin street;
House and barn on Piedmont street;
Two Tenement House on street:
Three Tenement House on YVashbum street;
House on Prescott street. dtf s 4
PARTIES ABOUT TO PURCHABB
REAL ESTATE
of any description, are invited to call at the
RE AL ESTATE AGENCY
OF
0 W Pont! Co
No. 2 Front St. Exchange, where they have constantly
on hand, and are continually receiving, city and Coun
try Property of every description.
®FOR SALE—On Chatham st., a
tenement French Rooted House; contains 20
rooms; city and well water; Lot 60 x 100; will
rent for SBOO. Price S7B(A
O. N. POND A CO.
FOR SALE,“OR EXCHANGE for
■h;;| City Property, an excellent Farm of 120 acres,
well fenced, pleasantly located, 9 miles from Wor
■'M cester. one mile from church, store, Ac two miles
from depot; land well divided; summer and winter 20
head of cattle—can be made to keep twice that number;
wood enough for the place: nice orchard of 2 acres; very
good cottage house ot 8 rooms; first rate barn: new car
riage house, granary; ice house. Ac running water at
house and barn. Price $6,500. Terms easv.
O. N. POND A CO.
"29 dtf 2 Front St. Exchange.
For sale—the small building!
10 x 12, at 16 Walnut st., to be removeu.
024_ dlw* W. W. STEELE.
FIN E RESIDEN<:E FOR” SALE,
ON JOHN STKHET,
corner of Wesby. House contains 8 room-, including
bath room, in good repair; gas and city water; also, u
nice well o*'water; gopo cellar, with furnace: 9000 feet
of land, s iK-keii with pear and apple trees mid grape
vines. Tae grounds are neatly laid out with walk-, Ac.
’nquirco'’ GEO. L. Bliss,
o 3 dtf Firm of Taft, Bliss A Rice, 381 Main at.