BOGUS DIPLOMAS.
en DIPTOMA-VENDING COLLEGE.
ANOTHER PRALINE L2aN LINE Ce LTT AT CTL de
TRALL'S HYGFIO-THERAPEUTIC INSTITUTION
—~LEGAL MEASURES TO PROTECT THE rUBLIc,
The articles recently published in Tne
TRIBUNE recarding the looge and dishonorable manuer
in which certain medical colleges are conducted, it wus,
of COUTSC. mpossibic to include all the institutions en:
gaged ID the diploma traffic, and further investigation
pas shown that the manufacture of medical diplomas 18
more extended than was at first supposed. Among the
other establishments of this kind Is a migratory college,
which, jpstead or attracting students and aspirants for
medical honors to itself, moves about the country
wherever the fie! is promising. This institution, known
ae the Hrgeio- Therapeutic College of New-York, was
established avout 15 years ago on a charter obtained by
pr RT Tral, the originator of the theory of practice
which it wae proposed to teach. At that time It was
evident to Dr. Tras mind that the hyeelotherapeutie
theory would cupersede the more established ideas on
medical SeienCe as SOOT AS it became known to the
public. and the college was established with
he philanthropic intention of rescuing the
world from the old-time drugs and nostrums.
It wi first situate a at No.15 Laight-st, for several
years. Pr. Trall was the President, and at first also
constituted the fienlty, According to the charter, a
fwo YOATs' COUTSe f study or attendance for two terms
at the college Was required before a diploma could he
gven. This req irement was disregarded, however,
the first, and students were {nvariably aeccommo
dated with The DPCEssary papers to practice medicine at
the end of three months, and often in less time. A well
ypown physician of this city, who attended the Institn
tion under a misapprehension, informed 4 TRIBUNE re
porter that joes than three months were required in his
case, and that lie Yad seen the diplomas of otliers, which
were granted on the same conditidns,
In Laight-st. the colleve, that is, Dr. Trall, flourished
eatisfacterily. although the yroject of revolutionizing
medical science WHR abandoned in favor of
maktmg money. Dr. Trall's assistants were gen
erally physicians of hie own making, or
others whom he conld procure for a small salary.
In course of the the Laight-st. premises became valna
ble for other purposes and were sold. Dry Trall then
moved the colicge to Metropolitan Hally in sixth-ave.
where for three years Lie Sxjouideq bie doctrines and
fssued diplomas. He also at this time took advantage of
a provision in his charter permitting him to grant hon
orary degrees, to confer “honorary degrees of M. 1,
tor the considerstion of $0 a degree. Still, the college
pecan to decline. ar Ad its location was changed to St,
Anthony's Fais, Win. There, under a charter from
Now-York, the college was condueted for one year, when
it was transferred to Florence Huhts, NX. J., where itis
carried on at present, together with a health estahlich
ment or hospital, conducted on Dr. Trall's ev stem. Froma
graduate of the conese al A an ex-intaate of the hospital,
it was ascertained that tie hvgeio-therapeutic theory re
jects the use of 11) droge no eases of sickness, and attrib
vtes most of the ills of th flesh to the use of ammal food,
whichis strictly foriodder, Ju the elass mm which our
joformant was “era dnated” there were 15 or 16 members,
of Whom se oral were firm hedievers mn the theory. All
of them live smee died, Col. Tellows, Assistant Dis
trict Attorney, stated toa TRIBUNE reporter lately that
at the next session of the legislature he intended to
pree the passace of 4 hill making the erime of abortion
a felony, punishabic by not less than four years’ nupris
onment, oF by a donger team, at the discretion of the
Court. The ll worgd also Inde a section mating the
sdverti=ing of abhor front: a misdemensnor punishable hy
fu. and api senient, TEwonid, in fact, be precisely the
ane as the one mtodueed at tne last sessien and Co
feated on aeconnt of the danse relating to newspapers,
a





eit \I:F1THIA COLLYGEYS AGAIN.
A DLAN O! A Louls COLLEGE BREATHING VL N
t.¥ ANCE,
La GEANCE,
fo the Editor of The Tridune.
Sir: My attention bag just been Jed to
an article in your paver of the 10th just, referring to the
Philadcphis University of Medicine and Sargery, Tle
statetucnts are, without an exception, the basest tsa
of falseloods ever perpetrated, and that you should lend
your paper to the publication of such gross slander is
beyond all comprehension. It is the plainest case of
blackmail on the puit of your reporter that ever saw;
and wy colleagues, the trustees, and wyseif have re
solved that, unless there i8 a full retraction, wo will
resort to fel easnres a8 will expose the bluck-hearted
bribery of your reporter and ovtain justice for ours Ives,
The facts are these: 1 do not nor eser did own the
Philade!plua University; Lnever had any charters coh
bled up by the Legislatuic; thereis not aman announced
88a bo oer of the faculty who is not engaged in tench
ing: there never were any diplomas «old since I have
been connected with the school, and, 1 velieve, not hefore,
Tue coir of fustrietion i= move thorough and extended
thai any other medical college in this city, and the grad
wat: that now number between 4.000 and 5060, ccenpy
Jus us ‘i Ahe ary, navy, wedical colléces and other
natitat ons of Yearning, and their attainments are ac.
Kuowledged to be of a supcrior character. The school
wa: fully organized and chartered 23 years azo by Dr.
Jolin MeClelagu, the tathor of Gen, McClean, snd is
rdty of 10 1isdeneanor save that of an opposition to
i old fossilized Copter Kpowrn as the Pemavivan
University, Tine professors of the Colles vers formerly
professors in othe ics ila WL 3 NA 2 neuding
the Pounsyivauia Culeamiy wo] Jedergon Medical Cols
lege. Our surgeon wis brigade ureco in the ermy, and
all of onr tenchers are high-minded, able practitioners
of medicine aud sure ry, The story i yoyr paper
Roa oreottd rrtfood that this nadséraile,
<td, ol fogy affair bas heen propagating fof
years tor the sole purpose of deceiving students
and tamil the repatation of a rival school with
Which, (ott it bach of talent and cuterpaise, ther have
pot the abit: to compete, So far isit iron the truth
that student of 1h Phiadeiphin University have never
Jeft and joie d the rotton cones I fe aired to; that ne
have pow it oul ol rev Cri pe nhaemet Who have taken
their degrees in the Pennsylvania Unmiverity, and are
pow pursues thei conta of squdy for the purpose of pe
ecelviig a desree inne hve enierprisirg Phuadelphis
Universdy of Medicine apd sargeey. Tho very law that
you puhli:h, prohibiting the sale of aeademic deorees,
we were in<tiame uta! dn getting passed; and the most
unkiud, ar Wil as AUER Gecusation is that of pssochat
mg the Fola dunt Uteversity with that micercbl
Eclectic eovern thot ste hove one nore to eXpo=e a
denoiance han ail the other medical colleges on the con
uncut,
Now, ger tionen, having long heen a patra of roar
Journ LhLowaz that you have always cecnpred a
igh pro-am, never Jemling snecor to the enpre sor, ut
wd 16 the oppressed, we feel confident that yon will do
the Liston jaetace by giving the facts the rome wide
Brea! actor by that youl ave the falschoods furaisied
by your vo juan Indeed, if I am correctly informe A.
oy Fepor fer ix not only a relative of these prarties, buat
as Lou berzely pad, Yonus, traly,
Fiddadadplie, Nov, il, I%7L Wirran PAINE,
ANOTHER LETTER IN ANOTHER LINE.
fo (he Editor of The Tribune,
Sik: 1 notice in your issue of to-day you
#till continue to publish letters referring to the bogus
diploma business, in which my nome i= as ociated, but
have amnitted to publish my statement as to the truth of
the wlusions. We commend your zeal in endeavoring to
dev lop truth, and to do all in your power toward pre.
venting the sale or cacao tion of lmproper Juedical cer
fificates, nor do we donbt that you have received all the
letters you re fer to. “But ro fur as those letters refer to
the Philadelphia University of Modicine and Rarcery
they are entirey void of trath. The statement that the
Philade pode University Was organized as a negro school
1= siwply vdicwous and amusing, and serves only to
show that its author could have no other object than that
of taxing your credulity to its utmost capacity. =o far
from true is this that there was never a colored phys
ean or -tudent connected with the institution nor cau
there be, according to the present by-laws. Nor wis
there over a degree either conferred or sold to a colored
wan. ‘Fhe statement relative to selling to an herb doc
tor, or any other person, Is cqually false 1Or can your
eorrespoldent or any one clse produce any party or par
ties who have rece ed any degrees, other than ia a legit.
fmate manner, from the Plitiadelphia University of Medi
cine and Surgery. As] stated to you, in oy other letter,
all the tases connected with the Philadelphia Uw:
versity os transacted in oa gtrietly business manner, and
fn accordance with the usages of medical colleges and
universes generaliy, and we reiterate that these efforts
co ate the Phitaccrpii Coiversity with this abor
tion-diploing concern on Pinext, ig the doing of green
eyed envy and we do think that in justice to yoursel\ ex,
a Well ux to us and the conununity. you should wake
there statements ax public as the errors and Jajerejue.
sentation, If yon permit designed and unserupuions
Wen tou ake usc of so powerful a means as the columns
of your peje to unpait the reputation of au Lonorahle
rival with ont doing justice to the perseciited, we bave
undercstiated vou jor fairness. Yours truly,
FPhuadeiphia, Nov. 14, 1871 WM. PAINE.
{It Is wuniccomsary to say that though, in accordance
wilh our uniter principle of giving both sides a hear
Wg, we print Mr. Paine’s general denial of the grave
charges wide ngainst his institution we do not repose
the slightent fuill in hig assertions. Farther fnquiry into
Be unduct of the Philadelphia University of Medicine
and Surgery, andfof the “niiserable Eclectic College”
Rave satintie d ur that both are equally corrupt or, as Mr.
Paine elegantly ex prosses it, rotten old concerns.” The
aleweuts were wade by a reporter who has not a rela
ve in Fhadelphia, on the authority of ewsneut phy «i
Cluny, und we Lave not a doubt of their truth. Addi
onal evidence regarding the establishment will soon be
forthcoming, und such facts in regard to bogus colleges
are (0 be developed us will defeat the infamous scheme
bv certain bogus physicians and professors of Fhila
Ipkis have united ju to influence the Pennsylvania
Legisiatare i
this Winter, aud secure a ¢huiter which will
Jualizethe sabe of diplomas of every charseter to sny
“id Bl. Toe TKIBUNE hopes W defeat #0 IBLUBOUS al
Wh 80d 2 least will uot cease try ng. Ed.)
TRHESTING COMMUNICATION FROM PROF. J.
Protri DUNBAK HILTON.
aprister of The New-York City Tribune.
Y Deak Sig. In pablishing my last, letter,
 peive you call a “facsimile” of whut 1 sent you, I per
by DUmerous xrors in crthogy aphy, now this is caused
bidriien LWO facts, either yon wish to lead your readers
So We suthor ix a poor speller, whieh shows au evil
B you to try and libel Lim in this respect, when
Naw lig Lux vot the sane chance to be seen and
by those recess ur what you publish bas, and if
Ga uot
hich IVE vo fur sway you wonld not dare to do it.
Wek broves you w wg a cowardly ruscal, jg say the



Joast of you, and if it is not done through such a spirit
then you evidently stand In sore need of a proof reader.
Now Providenco has blessed me with five Jittlo light
haired blue-eyed rogey boys, the oldest is nearly six years
old, and to prove that I-bear you no ill will for what you
Lave tried to do to thelr father, T will send on one of
them to conduct yon paper, if you will promise to leave
me alone in the future,

Yes, five sturdy little boys, wellsprings of pleasure,
messengers of peace and love; resting places for inno
cence on earth; links between angels and men. and yet
you would libel me #0 that I conld not make their daily
food, stick me in prison for a deed I never performed
such ae selling sheep skins, But, hark, ye! before they
should starve, 1 would sell diplomas for A. M. A. B. M.
D. H. D &c to every saint or rascal in the land who bad
the cash to buy male or female. and when they were sup
pled, the bears that roam the volar floes, the birds that
cut the liquid alr, the fish, the dogs, and every breathing
think on earth, even the monkics should diplomas have
for cash, And if you know any one who would like to
buy a diploma, no matter how little or how much they
know of medicine, nor what their race or creed, or color.
send them direct to me, and T will post them how to get
them. but they must come now not make delay, Now, is
the constant syllable ticking from the clock of
time, to mold “it, or to war {it is at their
will, I know. there must be thousands of half-starved
editors, Filters, “newspaper proprietors, chimney
sweeps, hod carriers, hack drivers, waiters, moon-light
artisans, women, maids, and queans, who are Hining Lo
become M. Ds, with a few diplomas framed anc Tad up
in their their offices, so send them to me I say, send them
direct and Now. and they shall be taught how to get them
in the best and quickest way, and if they have no money,
they shall get them without, it matters vot, come ou Mr.
Proprietor and I'll give yon a diploma and send you
rejoicing on your way hack to N.Y. ready to go into
business where you can coin a fortune, have no such fate
as Rosenze sig who was borne away by the Wrath of God
from the New York City uppertendum like a limb from
the vilest hell cast Bleeding and torn, it was through the
aid of sueh papers as yours that he murdered, "twas you
that led poor Alace to that hellish crime, you led ber
vou conducted her, yes, every step, to the flend who aid
the deed, and thus you are doing every day, deny it if
you can, deny it and you lie, the time has been when men
did not camly take the lio, but I am just as ready fo tule
the consequences of giving it, as by cast in your face. Yes,
you cowardly newspaper owners, who are always ready
to libel the hl when poor Alace and her Mur
dever appear before the Judgment bar of God, where
every seeret crite is known and thought that caused fits
birth, dream not that they shall staud alone, no, other
guilty forms will. he around them there, fi op in
crime as they, and who are these? why newspaper Owi
ers, Had they not advertised the murderer the sin had
not been done. But I ouly cast this out to you and others
as a gentle bint, T leave vou for your God to judge. Yon
say we license to kill,” but you show them were to do
it. And it ig done by us both for mammon only. not for
love of these we teach or lead: And who is It that this
day are trying to make gizantie strides towards reform?
that sho! make newspuapor owners who advertise such
M. Ds, as guilty #3 the wurderers themselves, and put
au everlasting barieir to this most mnoatural, hellin
vented, dammnedest of all Blackest crimes? why the belied,
and would-be Veh waded Faculty of the Eclectic Col
ewe 614 Pine street, few more monks and we will
prove it tothe world, the eh and the Devil,
Mr, Proprietor, uo few more words and Tan done, vou
have cowed the wind, and you shall reap the whirlwind,
for ve shall unehaia the carthgiake, and let loose the
Imrrieane, ‘or ufter thie we are done with rour columns,
You =ba!l hear our covnen thunder in a nother quarter,
80 get Vout Hit hets out, keep your powder dry, our ar
tillery shall flash red fron the colnmns of the Herald or
the World, We'll see whose ordnance =hall flush tie
brightest and the londest, that of the Chest in his Lab
orciory where lie humbly strives to fathom, and unravel
the wy stories of Lis God, and cull new truths from day
to day for the benefit of his brother nian, or the worti
Jess <camp whoduus a catch-penny sheet whoes always
brave before wis God, aud a coward before mankind. and
when we are done with yon we'll go at voon day like
Diogenes with lnuterns in our haids to ban! anotuer lee
vou, and in the future we shall be to yon Like the sword
of Damocles. Yonra Truly J. DUNBAR HD TON MLD,
Cliowat Laboratory 814 Pine sect Prila Pa
INTERVIEW WITH DR. VON DOLLINGLER.
——p——n
HE EXPLAINS HIS PRESENT TOSITION, CLAIMING
STILL TO BE A MEMBER OF 1H ROMAN
CATHOLIC CHURCH.
The Hon. John M. Francis, United States
Minister to Greece, sends to The Troy Times the following
accouut of aun interview with Dr. vou Dollinger, the
leader of the anti-Infallibility party in Germany
Dr. vou Dillinger {s small in statwe, is 72 years old,
aud has wost amiable expression of countefiance, his
features sumined with a pleasent smile. He has none
of the severity of steruness,bnt an eve which ahows that
after all, he possesses the quality of steady winaness and
of rea) courawe. He makes himself at home with one im
mediately; yon feclat ease from his cordial, welcome
manner, aud after a woment’s conversation with bia
von feel that yom are in the presence of
grant mind. He speaks  Euglish with tolerable
dency aod with great care and acouracy. I he
oceguionn 1y hesitates for a word, he is sure to cet the
right one tinally. He is calm and deliberate, and evinces
in bis manner and speech the profound earne-tuess of
his convictions, He uid the reliznons movement in
wideh himself and ass ocintes were engaged did not con
tenplate un severance frow the old Catholic Chore, If
we were to separate from that Church,” he reared,
“eve should be #horn of one povier; we would be roe
dneed to a mere denonpicetion like one of your smilier
sects iu the United States. Besides, we are Catlio les
1g edueatjon, vin athy and conviction; we mean te
i103 to the old id while waking war against
abuses nud fAlge doctrines that are atteupted to be ine
grafted upon it, at jg our position.”
“Lut, Doctor,” We To} Hed, you wre, ak we understand
it, tlicady excommunicated from tad Church by its
recosnized official anthority, Vimo SST have 1epn
diated the new dogma of Pabal Tutalimhity Taw, then,
Cant Youl Inantain your connection with it br “fhe hi
tory of the Chureh shows—wo have plouty of precedents
fn poof (he sald) “hal an just or er Leos sei
tence of oxcomniiniestion fs oof no effect tisan aheo
late nullity, Why, the re tthe Chureh du Holland; it has
been senetal Hoes Caconubidcated, and 13 now under
the papal ban, but it i mmutaimed never heless; ite now
stronger than ever, and wointains 113 wo! sip in the good
eit way. Horecosnizos the authority of the Pope in all
things proper, hut ref. assent 1o that wich it deems
DLProper aud %oolgh That is our pesitob. We will not
be read out of the Churelr becaise Be cannet accept its
erroes"  “lut, then, the Chnach anthorities refuse tofels
Jovehlip with you, Doctor; how are yor, then, tore





united with it 1 “We uct on the defensive, he «iid;
Cperiher by act nor deed shad we show hat we are the
ag oyes-ors and that we consider onr wives scpaiated fron
tice mother Chareh, Now we are denicd follow ship, it ia
true; bat the error of the present Pope haa Le cols
pected by his suecessor.” Chat, suppose itis not, Doe
Lat Well, even then we shall no Dave a second
Pope, but continue gut ol il the good old way, recog




nizing Ms proper anthorits, Int refisino aes nt to errors

which conscience and nigtencd civilization condemn.
Le sides Lhe shocking Coen of Papal duradiibiity, there
das SIR
are other ghnses in the hoon of the Chureh which need
to he exurpated, gud zealousy laboring and earnestly
pou ing within the fold, we hope to accomplish sole.
thine in the wav of reform.” “Those encaged iu
this woverent wil uot be Jikely to abandon it then
under any eircamstances? It isnot probable that,
having taken my position, an old man almost within
wight of dewth and the grove, shall turn bac LW; otiers
engaged with tie, Tam sare, are quite gedeerivied and
earnest 4s 1 um. Austria refuses to recopnize the intal
ibility doing; Cailiclie Bavarie repudinics it. Do you
Cin the United States comprehend what that doctrine in
volves i errocatly ingqiicd Dr, Dollinger. “10 lupoees
upon those who accept ii tlc «olemn obligationto violate
civil law, to set themselves up in opposition to the


i
i


OrdinALCes Oi oll movertuent whenever the Pope
ghull prorcunce bis fnfalbil Cpadgment against any one
of those ordi: uces npou moral or rehigdous grounds, In
a word, it is the sssutap tion of power on the part of the
Pope to proclaim a higher law, which, according to the
dogma his children aust obey, touch such obedicnico
involves treason to the State and the overthrow of yom
Government. This doctrine is not only <hocking to the
Moral sen~¢, it tukes ns buck to the dork ages of the
world, nnd even a stretch beyond, and it not only nents
the cormon sense of the world, but strikes ut the com
[mon civilization of our times, Jt cannot and just not
vrevail”
“The Doctor remarked that there were thousands of
priet~ who apparently yiclded to the dogg, bat whose
conscie hees condemned” it here in Munich the church
owned by the corporation is opened to us, and there we
worship in the good old way, The Government has not
vet announecd its decision upon the vital question of the
contiol of schools: tit, having for itself repudiated the
papal dogma, it cannot permit the schools to be cou
trolied, in the name of the church, by those who teach
that false and pernicious doctrine so dangerous to the
iutegrily of the State and the frecdom of the
people.” The Doctor explained with reference to
the recemt congress held here on that subject, that
ite main object had been fecmplisiiod, nawcly, the
adoption of a just and liberal platform. Every Univer
eity in Uesniaby wus represeated in that congress; it
wus a meeting of wauy of the ablest winds and _1nost
eminent Catholic teachers and leaders in Europe. Views
were compared harmony prevailed; details of action
Lave yet to be decided upon m many thinks, and these
winst await the developmeut of events. The venerable
Doetor warmed up with his ganject, and spoke with
great fervor, He Is Seidentiy opeful as he is de
termined. As respedts bis position here, the fact may be
stated tht he is warmly sustained by the great Univer
sitv, and sinee the proclamation of his views, har heen
elected to the highest office of that inetitutlon, the Reo
torship, which correspouds with that of President iu our
iv) le sreand
To the Ldilor of The Jribune.
Sir: I have received notice, for the last
time, from the collectors, to pay my assessment for the
wooden (McGouegal) pavement on Lexington-ave. Iam
order-oviug and pay my taxes, and my mititant neigh
bore get their portion declared illegal, aud have it
stricken off, The question arises, Will they return my
#200 taxes, or do the suthoritics offer a reward for con
tention JUETICE TO ALL,
New-York Nov. 16. 1871.
At the Lesex Market Police Court, yesterday
Fredeviek J. Merter, George Miller and Adam Deber, were committed
for as. sulting sud stabbiug Moses Isancs aud Louis Hermeb.
At the Jeflerson Market Police Cours, Thomas 8,
Shes of No. 125 West Thirticth-st. was cammitted, yesterday for break:
ing so she clerk's ofiice of the Gilpey House and stealing 70.
At the Tombs Police Court, yesterday, Justice
Hogs comin)téed Joba Mahoney of No. 50 Cherry-st. for pushiug Rilen
MurpLy of Ko, 37 Roosevelt st. dowu stairs. aad sctiqualy injuring ber,
duricg u row at his kouse. Klien Dowd, a chamhermaid, for stealin
Fd Koni tbe vest pocket of her employer, Michael Halpin of Ne.
Btatest.
Charlcx Monelle was tried in the Conrt of General
Remions, yoerduy, for stabbing Petrick Connelly in the right ale, at
No 14 Dover-tt. Nov. 4, 11d vag gonvicted of assault with intent to
BIL Oficer Musgrove. who wriesidy ‘he prisencr, informed the Conrt
thet Monclle war an 3 convict from Bd, tbrt Le kept Louse of


rortitation, which was a resur: for cll Yiode or “ad elarscterr, sud thal
fe Ladd been several Lanes arrested for lare ay aBa Yrher vicraes. The
Judee prulenee.s bik 10 JU veurs' IMpNpobL e.b
A TA IPA YERKES DILEMMA.
EPIMINAL COURTS.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 187
ANOTHER BLACK FRIDAY GOLD SUIT.
TOW SPEYERRS WORKED FOR wIQW
HOW SPEYERS WORKED FOR FISK,
Another suit, growing out of the transac
tions of the memorable “Black Friday,” is now in prog
ress in the Bupremc Court, before Judge MceCunn, It is
brought by Isaac O. Davis aud John A, Macpherson, who
were partners at the time the cause of action accrued,
and John Bonner, to whom the former assigned their
claim in this action, with the understanding that ho
should proscoute the collection of the same ‘against
Henry N. Smith, Jay Gould, Henry H, Martin, James B.
Bach, and Jaa, Fisk, ir., who were also dealing in gold
on joint account. The action is to recover damages for
the non-fulfillment of a contract alleged to have heen
made hy the defendants through the agency of Albert
Bpeyors, to Jurchme 826,000 gold, font, 23, 1869, at M34.
1e defense 18 a general denial, aud the absence of any
authority on the part of Bpeyers to act as the detond
ants’ agent.
Albert Spevers, the first witness, deteribed gold vonchers and the man
ner in which be arually purchased gold, fivivg a gold ticket which was
wignesl by hig bookkeeper uuder a geners ver of atorser: he received
in esghange from the purchaser a similar tieket with the order revered:
the ticket is then sent to the learing Hone, and unless there is a balance
of gall it ia not delivered otherwise thas by exabarge of tickets: he re
ceived a ticket from Davis, iu this trausaction, which was seut to the
Clering-Houre; he alwara had a memorsudum book with him in which
he entered all gold transactions; Wis gold was purchased in the Board
according to the rates of the Board, he could not state who made or ae
copied the bid in this transaction. and had no recollection of the persons
from whow the purchase was made: in bis wemorandum hook appeared
the entry, “J. O. Davia, 820,000, 1424"; by the custom of the Boar! he
did not expect to make an actasl delivery of the gold, bot only settle.
ment through the balanec-sheet of the Cleariug-Honse could not say
that Lc sent in u balance-aheet on Priday, aod (id not know whether it
stood in Nis favor or largely against him; he parchased argely on Thnrs
duv and ot a great variety of prices; at (he time of the purchase 1424
was the market price; when the purchase is made, the expiration of the
time to exchange depends on when the gold ia to he delivered,
Q. If cman asks you to-day to buy a million of dollars, do yon consider
that this order expires that day? A. It never expires until ‘the comple
tion of the contract.
Me. Field ealled the witness's attention to his examination before the
Congress Committee, apd inquired if he did not then state that all hs
pur bases on the 23d of Sept. 1569, were on acconnt of Mr. Belden (frm
of Tisk Belden), and that those on the next day were on account of
Gould Fisk, Mr. Speyers replied that be migat have said so, but it
wa a mistake.
Q. Iu this printed renort is an seconnt of yoor conversation with Fisk
at the Grand Opera House when bo told vou fo “go ahoad; it was ail
Pp A. The conversation was when 1 weut to Mr, Fisk for margins.
1 have no rach thing on my memorandum,
Q. When ron nade those purchiasos dil ron send notices of thew to the
persons giving von the orderdd A. Some I sent that day, and some I
sent te next morning; Fisk told we to buy $2000 000; asked bim if
should buy in the street, and he said, Yes; Mr Bellen came into the
office, and told me to bay «ll I could get; I bought oa his account between
4000 000 apd $5,000 000,
Q id Gould sav wnithing 1 A, He nodded,
Q Was Fisk in the room! A, Yes,
Q. Did Fi-k way anvthiug 7 A. No. Sir; only “um.” !Laughter.]
Q. An inarticulate sound 1A. VE Sir.
Q. What did ton «av? A. T=a® to Mr. Fisk that I could not loan ont
the 2,000,000 of gold; Fisk theu asked Heath to tuke one milion and
Mi Smith the other
At the clore of hia testimony Mr, Spevers was requested
to bring his books into court, He replied that they would
iil a cart or two, but was informed that he annst produce
them. On being recalled Mr, Speyvers «tated that Belden
bade) Lin: repeatedly that lis business associates were
Fi<k, Gould, and Smith,
The other witnesses were William 8 Matthews, teller
fn the Gold Exchange Bank, who detalled the roatine of
husfuess at the bank, and Willian B. Westcott, Secre
tary of the Gold Board, who was called to testify in re
gird to the sienatures of members of the Board to the
original Coustitution, which was produced fn court, Tue
case was then adjourned until this worming.

A LAWYER'S FAILURE TO SECURE EXORBITANT
15 5
he result of the suit of Cornelius Burling
acalnst Morgovet King, which cane up in the Supreino
Cowart yoster ay, will operate as a warning to lawyers in
their legal tran-actions, The plaintiff is himself a law
ver, and was empios ed by the defendant to conclnde two
suits fn whieh &he was a party=one for divorce and the
other for property wh! «i is said to have been accumn
lated by herself and her Lusbaud ina disreputable buei
ness, and which was ol! standing in her husband's uae,
A written acreement cg made hetween Mr, Burling and
Mis King, by which tie foriner says he was to have ones
third of the property swiieh he recovered from the bus.
band, Money waa catsequently poised ona omorteace
Ctopay the conusel cwploved, apd Mr. Borhing bad the
divorce suit discondianed and compromised the property
sinty the judzment obtained alco providine for the pay
“ment of connsel feos Mr, HaHDe vow clidins one-third
ol the properiy widieh Mrs, King has in her possession,
but she denies the agreement and ~ava it was never read
to BeTy aud she svpposed all Mr. Burling's claims were
settled,
Judge Sutherland, although he believes the defendant
did make the agreement, nevertheless dism!sed the
complaint verterday, holding that the Conrt of Kanity is
not hound to enforee specitie performance: of a contract
unless the contact is equitable, There was no cquit ibis
concideration for thia wzreement, since the plaiotiff re
cerved $625 from the defendant, of which he only elaimed
to ive paid half, the remainder beine a congpwensation
for bis services, and the conn=-1 fees boing pad directly
to the coun-cl by the parties, He was therefore not
cygcitanly entitled to the enforecieent of the contract,
whic howould give him ~everal thousand dollars in addi
tin to his con pension for the sane s rvices in the
gone action, From the discontinuziies of the divoree
suit, and the prood that the other action was cronndless,
angl the elatm hy Mrs, Kine without any tonndation, aud
the other evidence, it 1s foither evident that the sits
were brongeht with a view to Lopass the defendant's hus.
Chand into some settlement, and that Mr, Barling ac
cepted the employment and undertook under the agrees
ment to proscente the actions with a hike view. The
most evident considerations of public policy should
restrain a Court of Equity from encouraging the plaintiy
and other lawyers to carry on lke Litigations under like
SPECTIVE aglceincials or remuncrisaon, Tue agrees
aut Is void, floaty, becainse nol mutual,
lw
T'ARMNITIE< GF MARRIED WOMEN,
Ar, Tiabert borrowed S500 of Mr, Speek
Lardt, and gave him Lis note, which was dizhonored.
Afr= Trabert, who owns ccperately nnd in Lier own right
a Lose aud lot in this city, then gave her note in place
of her hushand's, but aftecwar 1 refused to pay it, ou the
ground that she wis a ma vied woman. Specekhardt
brought an actien in the Marine Conrt, before Judee
Jonchimsen, yesterday, to recover the 2:00, The Juige,
in giving jndyent for the plaintf}, said it was now he
ceitled nw of this State that a married vom has the
egal capiorty to make coniricts of ail finds biodine
upon her pronerty, and that <he may bo sued npou sich
contracts the saiee as if she were not married, Hea
property is altogether under Ler own control, Her deal
ings do not ine Ive ber gusband in banality, cither as to
person or estate, exeept when she acts tor him, hy his
suthopity, the same #8 10 the marrige reladon did not
aibsist between them, Marriage does uot disable a
worgan from entering into any hnsiness or contraectin~
any obligation winch she can make while singe, and
Judinn at owpon any such contract can be enfoi vil
quinn at her sole nnd sepat ite nroperty.
Supreme Con? =Chaoers By Inde Bi uly. (Cl
ver ist. 11 odes Motion sroatad, Earl agt. De Bary. Motion gran 1.
MeKer apt. Melive divorce granted, Kelty agt. PRISE RT
gravel Yaar wt. Wendt. Motion grant), Garhrit apt, Penlvim,
Moan pruted, Rud! ogt, bag Juan. —=Moton grant Lo Coleate at,
Hill.—Motion granted. Cowphe!l wot Heekshe,, jr.—Motion pia pred
Curly adh. Mevers—=Motion crautad, Keyser gt. Aottui=NMoton
grontel,
By Judce Ingredian.— Burnie dl agt. U. 8. Traut Co —Motion denied.
Bier wg i. Nuokh.—Motia deed. I the iter of 4 Lous bo Blandcliord
et al.— Mem. for connsel.

By Judge Lady. —Hoppock agt. Suwith.—Maotion rrantel.  Jimken act.
Reh 'oivr —Mation cranted, Winans agt, Hart. Motion granted. Wel
sgt sodoman. Ie ference onlersl, Mills apt. Waterson —Allow ane:
eronted. Froncols apt [inh —=Motion granted, The Fourth National
Bavk agt. Morrell, —rettled.

Supreme Court— Special Teorm.—Sutheiland, J.
Botti wt. Kio —Judgmest fr the defenimt; diam saing Iaintiff
complaint with costs,
Suverior (our l—Swecial Terni —By Judge Spencer,.—
Selman act, Dungee. —Opicr of arrest vacate! with 210 costa,
Common Pleas—Special  Term—Bv Jndge Lovw,
Bown wun sgt, Relea ann—Case setided. Metitten wet, MeGiven,—
Julipwent By J Bhi granted. Heckman apt. Heehman —Judguent of
voroe vrauted,
By Jule Larremore, —Agate oki. Morrisou. —Aluwence of 2) per cent,
tl
COrPT CALFSDARS ~The May
Stiervur Corpy—t Aiuny wa—BKADY, J. wl Jere
clock,
Uo. Ate rican Tontine Life a ud 67..0ccan Nationa! Bank agt.
Navin low Miers. Cadle, jr.
1. Avante mit teain: ™m ove Wt Jacohs,
44. Maver agt. Ankenbureh, 73.. Depew agt. Dewev.
60, Natuior apt, Jaco!
Brrienk Covrr—=GrNerar Try —INGRARAN, CJ), Banvann and
Caimi re
153. ortland, 8 FP. ast Vou Nos 142 Sbanahan agt. Rowen and
trand. others,
154. Shortland, Mary Aun sgt. Pamer agt. Rochmond Tron
123
Minmg Co
,.Durker agt. Seaman.
L.Drake agt Rogers
fio. Post agt. Fourth ave. Piesh.
Same,
156. Rohertn agt. Heraell,
16.4. Faron at. Howard.
174. Brady apt. We ton
175. “Woodhull act. Hosentlal (‘hareh
176. Losee sgt. Matthion 167. .Stauver agt. Taber.
177. Kirg ct al. vet. Macon and’ 178, LOsgiod agt. MeGuire
Western RIL vi Swift agt. Proutv.
178. Redmond apt. Wood. .Hollirook sgt. N. J Zinc Co.
179. Harris agt. Badetty. 19. Bodine set. Killian.
180. .Jolinson agt. Van Nostrand. 194. Hill agt. Mc Ruure el al
iv]. .Gurdver sagt. Crenshaw. 165. Tucker agt. Woolsey.
196. .Digswore sgt Bares.
1.—Vax Braxt, J.—Court opens ay
Hendricks et nl. agt. Burke
SurkEne CovkT—CIRCUIT—PART
10§ m.
13..Jobn agt. the Maror, &e. 221.
191.. Taylor agt. O'Connor ¢t al et el
863. Halle et al. sgt. O'Prien, #9. Willis agl. Weare!
Sheriff. 1094. .Clancey gt. B
1023. Lewis agt. O'Brien, shorifl.  347..8pnmk ag he Mayor, ke.
Cy Murphy agt. Hwswell, et al. 348. .Hant agt. Ba
168. Tielman eb sl. sit. Brauner. 349..Lee Br agt Kame.
449. Wheeler y 3 Keller.
473. .Lindemavor et al agt. N. VT.
8. 8. Co. 49)..Chambers Re Dusbam.
 445,.8tarr agt. Smiley. 473, .Butler agt. Kelley, Sheriff.
275, .Parrington agt. Nat. Spring] 495. Hartoer [T3N Kelley, Shenf.
Co. et. al.
Dow —Pawr L.=McCrxy, J.—Opens at
Bursrion Uoumr—TriAL bi 4%
a.
1161. Trevor et sl. agt. Smith etal. 3s. Jute agt. Levy et al
1645 Duncan et al, agt. Berlin etal. Duval, Collins, up. 8 ke.
665, Taylor et al act. Perrinet al. TE er he, sa. St.
869, Smith sgt. Frost
il 279.. Br og Lhe and
1211 Duness agt. Aw. Pertilizing reat Wot Ca
1238, .C oo He P Lif o. Falact a
re daft 1 0. oo e| 67 Blast set Mar Y
C1238, ~Atabiss ihe etal Oren,
1241..A aie i Doo yy rey
274. Philhrick Dailett et al.
Common Preas—TriaL Tux Fhixe 1.—J. P. DaLy, J.—Opens at
361, Blumenthal 4 V Collias oh. .Rehweidter Greeufelder,
1024, Rag aft Wo proirTY pod 1H
#i2..Ca 1, Balkley. B5 priv
163... Bv andor enter ore sgt. Rand, Arh Snow oft
Nr otal. |1129.. Cleary agt. Thonn.
a. 1s "Seman He. Roberts agt. Matthews,
dh ail nue had M. Sargent og re Kons at, Kobner.
Connon thu Tau PAST [i Lasaxnons, J.~Opeas of
Co. at
1
Ah fA
847. .Rame agt. 8 3
1045.  MeRBvo, hrkave. Rd Co. 1044. unat’ 4s, Soenid
1064. West eb al agt. Curry. 1301. i
Hot. (undall agt. H awhins. [1308.. Kapp
Jy
1102, .Fawe ag i. olt ny
RLS ek WE eOuire. a erie A
10 MeKoas ath
THE COURTS.
1 (I=IN
Marty CoURT—Pay
6113..Cockn agt. Collins.
44, Crow agt. Gilman.
6510,, Alexander agt. Fritischt
6:9, Penaall ag. Tagenhack,
we ..Traver agt. Refas.
6305. Ariold apt. Ashfield,
6820. Bailey agt. Know.
6a19. Harte ag, Oberle,
6969. Ware art, Cone,
7149. Lewis sgt. Midleton.
Part 11
TRG: Otociot Leather Cloth Co,
Nye.
6850, Krans agt. Gooduof.
6591, Bedell agt. Burke.
6916, Nichols sgt. Bien.
7023, Gunn art. Eleas,
7187. .Hieal agt. Nichols.
7165, Mallen agt. Grosa
7164, Bonlersoa agt. Linden,
117%9..0'Toole agt Harms.
Part HL —Crrmis
7408. Polk agt. Daly.
TIM. .Gross agt. Chrest.
8946. Disoeway agt. Rteele,
7318.. Ross agt, Copeutt,
T2.. Zinn agt. Bargfelat
5. Benjamio sgt. Thoman
R053. Donovan agt. Sanderson,
7917. Hutton sagt. Goetz,
TA38. Walsh agt, Spracue,
7954.. Dalley agt. Mem
City Corr.
66. Dutcher, assignee, agt. Que
edo
vedo.
61.. Bis" op agt. Thomas,
75..Donavan agt Kidder.
79..8caily sgt. Harte,
106. Maller agt. Montgomery,
104. Gorman agt. Schieferuniler.
242. Harmen agt Ormalee.
1..Pbillips agt. Campbell, Sher
iff, »te



51, Bennct agt. Oshorn and an'r,
32... Walworth ag! Ko'le et al
2..Plynn agt. Walter, Su'ff. ete.
Wool agt. Thoinas.

26. Bassony agt. Rammer et al.
Ti. Glover agt, Thoma. et ol
G4. Newman agt. Robbins,
9. Lefierre et al, sagt. Froet,
11..5heridan agt Andrews,
112... Hauft agt, Beran,
Cornt OF APPEALS —ALmavy,
endar for Nos. 21: No 0,33
DEPARTURE OF FOREIGN MAILS.

TUESDAY. Nov, 21.
Mails for Purope via Plrwouth. Cherbourg, and Manburg, per steam
shin Siless. close at 11:30 a.m. A Supplementary Mail, at foos of
Third-st., Hob ken, is closed at 1:90 pw.
(All letters aeporited io Supplementary Maile must be prepaid with
double pustage.
WEDNESDAY Nov, 22
Mails for Europe, via Queenstown wud Liverpool, per steamship
Minnesota, close at 12m, A Buppleruentary Mail, oo Vier No. 46, N. Re,
in closed at 1:40 p. mw,
[AN letters deposited In Sopplementary Mails must be prepaid with
donlile portage.
THURSDAY, Nov, 23,
Mails for Enrope, via Queenstown and 1ivernool, per steamship Cit? of
Baltimore, close at 11:20 a, w. A Supplenentary Mai), va Pier No, 45,
N. i, inclosed 2t.1:30 p.m,
[Al letters dejomted in Supplementary Mail most Le prepaid with
double postage.
M.uls for St. Thomas, the Arcentioe Republic, Brazil, &c., per steam.
ship South Awwiies, closeat 1 p.m,
PASSENCTI DS rR rED.
FROM LIVEKPOOL=In steamship ldako, Now, 20. <C, C, Taher,
wife 5 chiidred aud servant; Miss Nagle, Mose Foullner, Mise Rovers,
Prof. KC. Wines John Inman, T. FE. Hatterthweite, Mr, Burton, Wm.
Tronberg, Rev, Anvear, Miss Anaie Metduals Mos Bella ilolmes. EB,
I. Foliar. wife ond el 14, Mrs, and Miss Derocken Mr Lefty, Tow,
Les Mrs los Loa, Miss Aunas Lea, Miss G. Lea, Miss Juba Lea, Miss
Marion Lev ang sere quta,
Sut Naeteeeee. 6.04 Cuneta 4000" Moon #28 ,0000000 1010S
MIOH WATER THIS DAY—A M.

Nandy Mook... £02 Gov's Ieland.... 2:30) Hel) Gate Ferrero. 2223
HIGY WATE THIS DAY—P VW
Sant; Liook..... 5:30] Gov's Island... 4:04 Hell Gate Ferry... 5:53
SIIpP2ING INTELLIGENCE,
POKT OF NEW=YOKK..0vvirns: srsseees NOVEMBER 20,
CLEARED,
Cranmalin Annie €tesn Chester and Wilmington, Del, A. Abbott
Steamship Beverls, Pierce, Plnlateintin,
Ktoomship Franconia, Breage, Porttand, J. F. Ames.
Steamship All ance, Shute, Salen,
Buk Boosie Poder (Br). Cox, Bristo! Fug EB, Morzan Sone,
i 1% De Vou Thaer Tellin (Nov), Kieoow, Cork, ‘Wendt, Tetens
HERS TERA
Vier Pallas, Biddle, Belize W Jar,
Bark CC. 8. Rogers, Uekiioon, Havana J B Phillips Son
Pris Shomrock, Rav, Genor, Simson, Clapp Co
Bro Laster Star, Foster, Dem: ura, HL Trovhril e's Sona,
ric Rare, Syer cer Matanzee Simpeon Clapp.
Scho sale Biorton, Paler, Stamford
sche. P, Godwin, Waterbure Stanford,
ARRIVED.
Qronmehin Alhemorle, Smith. Norfulk, with mdse. and pass. to Old
Discinion steamst'n Co,
Ntonmship Lawl B. Bonder. Burdick, New-Orleans Nov, 11, with
mdse, and pase, to Fo Baker,
Steawsiip or Lous, Whitehead, New-Orleans Nov. 12, with mdse, aud
pass. to [LE Craw NACo,
Rhip Cashmere. No-ton. Boston, in beast,
Shi Electr e con), Pan, Hamburg 47 dass. with mdse. ind pasa
Klis Leander (1), Rniaht, Amor Apc ow thorane
Riit Abeona Hamilton of and fiom Gleegow Oct, 20, with mbes
Shir Celestio! Ioapire Tavlor Livergon' Ot. 4 with miss,
Bar’. Jobo Gail, West'weg, Havana 15 Dave, ith «agar
Bark Waldo, Sriith Pensacola 20 dave with vellow pie lumber.
Bark Joho.ne Mine (No G.), Hatasen, Bremen 41 days, with wise.
and 4 paces
Roark levine (of Avr). Jenne London Sept. 24, with mse.
Bari Clot dda (pwn), Sinemes, ilisana 14 dave, in Lallist,
ark Or one (ew, of Windsor, N. 8.), MeLellan, Windsor, N.R,5
dave. with plaster,
Bark Trisne Rp). Wagainin's, Havara 168 dav tn ballast,
Bart Maria Guisepre (Liab), Re, Aut rp 61 dary, ia ballast,
Fourk Ai (Ane), Sueien Liverpool 47 dare, with «alt,
Birk Tars is (of Arundel) Auderson, Londonderry Oct, 10, with wdse,
Bark Frank. Wallace, Silner, CB. 14 days, vith end,
Park Orfee (Ita! Questa, Glascow 50 days, with gre coal.
1 Brig Lack Lowend fof Stockton), Clough. Grértown, Nie, 57 Jars,
Hes, Re,
vd B.C. I'dmas (of Bangor), Redman, St. Martius, 19 days, with
sult.
Brig Gem, Niel, Trinidal20 dats, with Fuger and malieses,
Biiy Pasil Owen (of Bath), Shadboen, Seville 39 days, with lead and
for.
Bow Mine San (af Now gen), GEMug, Grand Tork, T. 1, 17 dave,
Yoand to New-Hoveo with alr, X
Briz tv A. Heuey (of barrington, No 8), Taylor, Maracailo Oct. 2,
with coffer,
Brig Neponset (of Boston), Stiout, Arceeibo, P, R., 20 days, with mo
Ass,
Retr Dupulee (Bro, Cotis, Macy’ o 2195s. with coffee.
Rebar. HLA. Simonse, S arke Mirgeorne 16 dae with logwood,
SOHOOSKity=1 IVE AND COAST GIR,
WI Janes, Porcondina, OWI, White, Georgetown,
J Boer, Georgetown, WV ononsa, Norfolk,
Jos, Deputy, Port Jolson, Pate an
Pee reen, Port Jehnoon, M ning Star, Port Johnson,
Peguhlic, Port Johnson, Heary Lewael, Vort Joliuson,
For ot, Blisahetbport
WL D==bauset, 3, LE. forge
DOMPETIC POTTS,
Poston Nov 20 Arrival stoamsl os Tres from Laver; ool; Rowan,
from I radedvl a; Neptune, from Nonealork,
Forirerss Movwoe Nov, 20 <1 egel in Baltimore, hark Aso "0,
Malt and Lig Alice, from Porto Rico, Passed cui oo causlip Morand,
for He aua: sbip Laurens, for Mavic hark Dehor ts mel, oe Paro.
damm: rigs Aroostook, tor Aspinw di: Leow times, for or Jo nag
ary Louise A, for Martinique, Arveived, bio Franc Jase, Gow Ro for
Ores

Lewes, Del, Nor. 20 Arrived last right bark Domen, 24 ca7e from
Gitv us for New-Yorks the eavtdin, C11 W  Petrans. dod and wes
Vor ed of sea. 3 dacsout Nhe prports hear No W, sales the entire pase
sage Jost ard oni mals and pot on here for prov one. Also here hr 2
Charles A, Movard from Exums foi Sew-Sors ail weil, sche Chico,
from Lonare ‘or New-York,
SPOKEN,
Bark liar’ ston, from Cadiz for New-York, Nov. 11 dat. 2, lou. 29
(Vor Latest Ship Yrs see Fifth age.)
h 4
Co Whom 1t man Concern
Unions Trrsa Conrasy op NEw-Yonk, 73 Broadwa:, cor. of
ay Reetorst. New-Yoxk, N 'y 17, 1630
CY TON. —Stolen from the Otlice of “The
1 nion Trust Cowmnany of New-York, this day, One Hundred and
One BONDE of One Thomsau! Dollars ecel of the MONTICELLO
RAILEOAD COMPANY, No. aud Now. 301 to 400 inelamve,
The public is cautioned against negotiatime there Youds, or any bonds
of this Railroad Company, nope baving as vet heen iesned by pe Come
pany. 1H FROTHINGHAM, President, Trostee,
W ANTED=To ORGANIZE a COMPANY to
locate SILVER. LEAD. ind COPPER MINES LAND WATER
POWER, and MILL-SUTES ear the present route of the Southern Pa
cifte Rashid 1m Tuve County ot slifo nia by a former resident, plone,
var] nrveyor of that distiict. Address J. W. PHILLIPS,
Box 5,205, N.Y Cu,
WX IED, by gentleman and wife, two
SEATS in Dr. Wall's Clore’, Pifth-ave. cor. Nineteenth ot. floor
or gallery. Please adios Wo BB, Box 047. Post-Of ee.
1.8. MARSHALS OFFICE SOUTHERN DisTricT oF Nrw-YORK,
Noveu ber 9 1870,
(M0) REWARD. —One Hundred Dollars
Rewsrl will be paid at this wee for formation on
which the arrest snd conviction may be procured of any persons who
Were present aiding wid shetting in the rescuing of Oaen Geoghegan
from the enstody «U8 Deputy Marshal Dowley on the night of No
veluher 6, near the corner of Filteeu teat. avd Avenue B, New-York
City, GRORGE 1. SHARPE, U8, Marshal, 41 Chambers st
I, —_—_——e—eee"
Axwy BriLping, Connex GREENE AND HOUSTON ~TS.,
Nuw York, Nov, 20, 1871
P ROPOSALS, in duplicate, w ill be reecived
by the undersigned until 12 o'clock m., WEDNESDAY, Dec. 20, 1671
om Ba a]
ae
for the following Kabaisteuce Stores. viz:
100 bbls. Pork. P.M."
1 000 hs. Bacon, Breakfast.
5,000 lbs. Hams, Rugar-eured.
7.000 ibs. Land, Leaf”
1,000 Iba. Beef, Smoked.
500 bbls. Flour.
100 bbls. Flour, Batra Family.
10,000 lbs. Beans. “P. M.’
5.000 Ibs. ice, Caroline.
20,000 Ibs. Coffee. Rio, Gieen,
5.000 Iba. Coffee, Jave, (ireen.
21,000 Iba. Sugar, Yellow, equal vo Stuart's cr
5,000 the. Ruger, Cat Loal.
5,000 |e Bugar, Granulated.
$,000 The. sures Crushed.
5,000 [or inegar.
5.0¢0 Tbe. Candles, Ada
20,000 The. Soap.
16,000 Ibs. Kali,
1,000 Ihe Pepper, Black.
The usaal conditions. Wu for information at this office.
M. M. BURNS MgjoraniC. 8. U. 8 A,
Tonrminsyitin, New-Tonx, No TN 871.
-Yorx, Nov. 15, 187).
TUSUARRYMEN and BUILDERS.—PRO
LS for the materials and labor for completing the foundation
and constructing the pies and lsoding-whast for LIGHTHOUSE on Race
Rock, Loag Island found, XN. V.
Sealed proposals will be received at this office until noon of Dec. 18
181] for the wateriale and labor for completing the foundation and for
constracting the pier and landing. whar! for the light-bouse for Race Rock,
Long Is Sound, according to plans and cations therefor to be
had by parties Jesirous of ng os appBeation 10 the undersigned.
Proposals must be in duplicate, sccompanied by a guaranty in dupli
cate, and a printed apy of bs Advertisement stlached to dach prepossl
Fro ls rust be made oa the blank forms attached to the specifica:
sions Formiabed this ofies, and bidders must conform to the require
fui meg dy bow of instructions te bidders.
The folowing are the quanto and dvactoss for the work adver.
Toe foundation to be completed by 8 protection. of 8,000
to se, weighisg by ad a an ek
a cone diameter
a moter 4 To, 12d tet high” Roshi
The io to be javiuited 33 ort ines Jing
wohl ire on ig de
1,987.1 en roigh
3,088.4 cable foot of brick work.
9.000 tans of for foundation.
5 30% tt STF, Sa Cul Baginears. Basisser 3 L. K. Dies
r 1~Joacnresmw, J,
7154. Jiecken Pranklen,
207. Keesig agt. Rerrell.
7:47... Beunet agt. iLosenthal,
To Speerks agt. Fielder.
oc. Ninth Nat, Baok sgt Ninth
Ward Bank.
139... Born agt, Carraher.
BENE ug oagt, M'Culle
—=..Ryau Me Bigelow,
moss. J),
lid, Mm Rafferty.
mn. Roe eran
T24, ,Btrane agt. Johoson,
2M, Pizebt sgt. Dowllag.
——..Rausens ers.
7245, .Hoig prin
TI, Reaninn agt. Sire,
i156... Wells agt. Bliiot.
7139. .8ebarlock agt. Krager,
)=Opeunat 1] a. m,
7985. Williams agt. Thorne.
7972... Be'lown agt. Perry,
Ryan agt. Ridelow,
18s, K (0 Wilkins,
0058, .Ciraham agh Ulmann,
8057, Hellmina ogt. Shelly.
#58. Green agt. Giles
59, Bates agt. Usher,
5060, Porter agt. Watkin.
-BROOKLYN,
118... Matox agt. Warden and
th
others.
179. Michel agt. Johnson,
140. Michel sgt. Johnson.
153... Dar’ t. Canavello,
154..Gill ag! erty.
176.. Chery ag Leary.
189. Allgarrey Muller,
129, 8% an agt. F.tts.
190.. Nash agt. Donglas.
212. .Sawier, adm's agt. De Freou
etal
238. Iafierty agt. McKenna.
Al. .Glacken agt. Brady,
07. Richter agt. Miller,
0 Read set. Lewis,
414. Buiheller agt Bulow,
32, Ruskdtad, y guardian, sgt
Hild.
324. .Wolbort w Balew,
17, Wood agt. Hovner,
av 20.—The following is the Cal
2.5.5, 45, 409, 409, 412,
TUENDIAY Nav 2)
MIVIATILHUE ALMANAC
Proposals.
QLOTE JANES, STATIONERS, PRINT
2) Ei3, and BLANK-BOOK MANUFACTURERS. No. 93 Fulton-st
BLAMK-BOOKY made to any pattern. Orders solicited.
Ww M. EVERDELL™ SONS, ius Fulton-st.—
LITHOGRAPHIC, STEAM JOB PRINTERS and LABFL
MANUFACTURRRS. fn dE i DA
Miscellaneous.
AAAS AAA AI NNN
BOK ER™ BITTERS $1 BROKE RR BITTERS!
Nobody should be without a bottle of
BOKER'S BITTE RS,”
since an experience of more than 45 years bas proved them to be hy far
the BEST and MOST EFFICACIOUS Stomach Bitters, as well «a a very
agreeable and pleasant Cordial. Beware of Counterfeits, and buy osly
of respectable honses, L. FUNKE, jr., Sole Agent,
RL 0. Box. 1,029, 66 Liberty-st., New-York,
1 OST—GOLD CHAIN BRACELET, yester
4 day, near or in St. Panis M. B. Chureh red, Pourth-ave. iberal re
Waid bald for its return to cashier. 245 Broadway.
HOLLY WATER WORKS,
NEW AND IMPROVED PLAN.
DISPENSES WITH RESERVOIRS,
AND SAVES THEIR RXTRAVAGANT COST.
Becnres by Filtration better quality of Water than the Reservoir settling
process, and by jable pressure a more reMable supply. Combines
also THE beh Mi PROTECTION fo the world without the use
of FIRE ENGINES, and saves their original and annual cost.
TLARGELY DIMINISHES TAXATION
FOR FIRB, DEPARTYENT EXPENSES, RELIEVES COMM.
NITIES OF A LAKGE PER CENT PAID FOR INSUR
ANCE, AND GIVES REAL PROTECTION TO
OPERTY
For luformation by Deseriptive Pamphlet or otherwise, address
HOLLY MANUFACTURING Co.
LOCKPORT, N. Y
Qorporation Notices.
Orey ov Naw-York, DBrarRTeR YT OF FivaNok, h
BUurkAU ov THE RECEIVER oF Taxes
PAARL IPANANAAS
Corr Rorap Panx, 52 Cuaxpkns-st., Nov. 1, tan.
TO TAX-PAYERS.—Notice is hereby given
that one per gent will be added to all taxes anpaid on the 1st of De
cember: also an additional one per cent on Dee, 15. On all taxes remaln
foe aopaid on Jug. 1 interest atthe rate of 12 per cent per annum, calcn
late! from the day the hooks were received by the Receiver of Taxes to
the dav of pa; nud wil bg abies, No, Fenty will be received aller d
Yee Cm. Office hours froa 8 a. m. to 2 p.m,
o'clock p BERSATD SMYTH Receiver.

Mccann Gleamers.
hl Aad dd RrgeYyNiTYTYTTT IY
CAAA AAA SA. Be EET CV PP
hl “mL A)
1 ANGE OF ROUTE.—The Steamships of
J THE UNITED STATES, Ne W-ZEALAND, AND AUS [ALIA
MAIL STEAMSHIP LINE leave Sun Francisco December 6. Jaanary 3
and 11. and each fourth Wednesday theroaiter, and are Low run to dyd
pey. N. X. W_, via Honolulu and Anckland.
*rompt connection ade at Sydney for Melbourne, and at Auckland
with the other New-Zealsud pore. W. 11 WEBB, M4 Fx hange-place,
4 nn
JOR ST. THOMAS and BRAZIL,
UNITED STATES and BRAZIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
Regular Mai) Steauers sailing on the 244 of every mouth.
SOUTH AMERICA, Caot. B. L. Tinklepangh, Nove her 23.
NORTL AMERICA, Capt G. B. Slocum, December 20.
MERRIMACK Capt. Wier. January 29.
Thies. splendid) stearners sail on schedule time, and call at 81, Thomas,
Pars, Pormambuco, Baia, and Rlo de Jauelro, going and returu'ng or
engngement of freight or passage, apply to
WM. R. GARRISON, Ag nt No. 5 Bowling-green, New-York.
AVANA, PROGRESO and VERA CRI'Z,
NEW-YORK, aud MEXICAN MAIL STEAMSHIP LINE,
Yeasive Pir No. IT East River. at 2 0. ta, direct for Havana:
CITY OF MEXICO, Tim rman... ..KitIDAY, Nov. 24.
CLEOPATRA, Phillipe (havana only).....5ATURDAY, Dee, 2.
ITY OF MERIDA Deaken...oono nines THURSDAY. Dee, 14
toons HA. Phillips (Havana only).....SATURDAY Dee. 25
or freight or passage, apis to
Vi ALEXANDRE SONS, 33 Broa‘way.
4 LA r Ld
Ul, 5 MAIL TO HAVANA.
Je ATTANTIC MATL STEAMSRIOIP CO,
Soling reen'irly EVERY THURSDAY, at 3 o'clock p.m. precise,
from Por No 4, North River,
MORRO CASTLE. Capt. 8, (Gi. Porter. ..ovv.vvnss. Nov’
COLUMBIA, Capt. E. Van Swe (via Nasru)oooooe. Noy, ‘i,
MISSOURE, Capt. TH, Morton ..ooovviiniiinnns Dee.
For hieight or passaye. apply Ww A. W. DIMOCHK, Present.
No, 5 Bownng oreen,
A NCHOR LINE STEAMERS sail every

WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY to an! from Glasgow. Liverpocl,
Lon londerry, ard Queenstown. Passengers booked to and from ay
railway station in Great Britain, Ireland, Norway, Sweden, Dewars,
Germany, HoMan Belgium, aud the United States at loset emir ney
rates, Dratts on the old cosutey for any aoagt. Apple at Compaus’s
offices T Bowling green, HENDERSON BROTHERS Alene
Joe LIVERPOUL,
(VIA QUEENSTOWN),
CARKAVING THY U8 MAILS,
THF LIVERPOOL AND GREAT WESTERN STEAM COMPANY
will disvatel one of their Bret-class full power, Jron screw stesusbips
Fi.OM PIER No. 46, NR, EVERY WEDNESDAY,
a8 follows:
MINNESOTA, Capt. MonCAN. ..ovvnns November 22 at 2: pw
IDAHO, Capt, JAS. PRICK. ..uue. ooo. Noveher 29 at 5:30 2. in.
MANHATTAN, Capt. J. Ji PRICE... December L
COLORADO, Capt. 1. F. Freemay. Dceewher 6, at 1:00 p,m,
WI CONSIN, Capt. TW. Farnaay. December Th et 7:50 ain,
NEVADA, Capt. FORSYTH. ouo0nn cc Decerpher 20, at 1.9% pow
Cabin passage, $0, gold.
Steersge prsie (Quce, No, 25 Broadway), $10, cuneucy.
For fieight or cabin passage. apply to
WILLIAMS GUION. No. £3 Wall ot,
TYNAN, LINE. For QUEENSTOWN and

LIVERPOOL. —Roval Mail ¥teamers are spootated to sail aa follows:
CITY OF BALTIMORE THURSDAY. Nov. 23.2 jr. 0.
CITY OF BRUSSELS. SATURDAY. Nov. 25. 2 p. a.
CITY OF LONDON. ATURDAY. Dec. 2, 94m
CITY OF ANTWERP... ATT RDAY. Die, 9. 21. mn.
CW
[URSDAY, from Pict No. 4
avd
And each succeeding SATU
North Kiver.
RATES OF PASSAGE,
PAYARL® IN GOLD VAYARLE IN CURRENCY
FIRST CABIN....... FP 77 STEERAGE ene. BN)
To Lendou.. reeves Bi} To Lon
foPrns.. serene t HEY To Pans
see JB
Pessengers atso torsanied to Havre, Hamburg,
Deriiark, at reduced rates,
Tickets can be bought Lere, at moderate rates, hy persons wishing to
send for their friends.
For furtler inforiaalion wp at the Company's Office,
Jorg?
Norway, aud
3 DALE. Avent. No. 15 Broadwar NV.
NOK I'll GLRMAN LLOYD STEAMSHIP
A COMPANY
FOR SOUTHAMPTON AND BREMEN.
The «teamsiup W EALK. Capt. W. H, Weake wili sail on SATUR
DAY. Nov. 25, at 2 p. w., from Bremen Pier. foot Tiedt, Hotokeu,
to be fut'owe! hy
Seanlin DEUTSCHLAND, Capt. Ho A. F. Neyua' er, on SATUR
DAY Dee. 2,
BATES OF PASSAGE TO LONDON. HAVRE, AND DREMEN.
(PAYABLE IN GOLD, OR 178 EQUIVALENT IN CURRENCY.)
TIS Cali Dacores sess strsresssensvsssnsssrnmrsisssrensneiplS0y
2

Second cabib...ovniiinns trresasdssnsnsearsssinasy ss
Stenragt. .ooeee... serssansanans TTT shgsverames 0
Yor freight or pussag®, apply to OELRICUS Co, Ageit
ja fog ae 2 Bowling pon
ONLY DIRECT LINE TO FRANCE,
THE GENURAL  TRANSATLANTI COMPANY'S MAIL
STEAMSHIPS LETWEEN NLW-YORK AND HAVRE, CALLING
AT BRENT,
"The splendid veeesls on this favorite route for the Continent will gail
from Per No. 50, North River, us follows:
VILT¥ Dk PARIS... Surment..... BATURDAY. December 2.
PEREIRE.sessserses Land. o. ovr. BATURDAY, December 16.
ST LAURENT..... eo Jomarie. oun SATURDAY. December 30.
WASHINGTON coo Renssan, oa SATURDAY, Jan. 13, 1471,
PRICE OF PASEAGE IN GOLD tinciading wise)
TO BREST OR HAVKE:
First Cabio......... veo $020 Second Cabin. ..u. Srrsiny 815.
RXCURSION TICKETS AT REDUCED RATER,
These steamers do GOL CATry Blecrade Lassengers.
American travelers going to or retuThing from the Continent of Europe
by taking the steamers of this hue, avoid both tranmt by Euglhsb raw: 4
ata he iscomfurte of crossing the Chatuel, beside saving tune, Liouhic
aid expense, GLO, MACKENZIE, Agent. No. i Broauwa:,
SG i
yuri FE STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. CORK, AND LIVERPOOL.
NEW AND PULL-POWERED STREAMSHIPS,
Thi SIX LARGEST IN THE WORLD.
OCFANIC ANTARCTIC, REPUB IC
ALLANTIC, BALTIC, AUKIATIC,
000 pn tanden 2.000 Lp each

Railing frm New-York ou SATURDAYH, trera Laverpooi on THU gs.

DAYS aud Cork Harbor the day {ollowing.
OC -ANIC, SATURDAY, Dec. 2 at9a m.
ATLANTIC, SATURDAY, Dec 16, a8 10 4m.
From the White Star Doek. Pavoria Ferry, Jersey Citv.
Passe ager sccomiuodations (for all classes) sur vided combing
SAFETY. NPEED, AND COMFORT.
Saloons, state-rooms, emek Lg-roow, and bath-roums in midslup sec
tion. where least motion is felt. Surgcons asd sivwardessas uccompauy
thes: steamers.
 KATES—Kaloon, $80, gold. Stesrage, $790. currency. Those wish.
ing to send for friends frum the Old Country exp BOW ob'a.n sloeruge,
prepaid certificates, $13, currency.
A sengers booked to or frow all of America. Paris, Hambarg,
Norway, Sweden, India, Australis, Chica, &e,
Fraursion tickets granted at lowest rates.
Dy afte from A 1 apward, om

For usp etiou of §lans and other information, a at the Company's
offices, Nou. 19 Broadway, New-York, J. H. SPARKS, Ageot.
NATIONAL LINE.
STEAM TO LIVERPOOL AND QUEENSTOWN
From Pler No. 47, North River,
FOR QUSENSTOWN AD LIVERPOOL:
EGYPT, Grace.........0n.0ues RATURDAY, Nov. 25 at2p. m.
SPAIN, Grogan.......eieiensss SATURDAY, Dec. 2, 88 §:30 9, w.
Passage to Liverpool or Queenstown cabin, $75 and 5: steerage,
@8 currency. Prapeid Steerage tickets from Liverpool Queenstown,
Lonaeu lerry. Glasgow, or London, $32 currency.
Four turth rticulary, the Company's Ofer No 68 Broads
"ay  urber sSTS Euan. SPP F. w ‘J, HURST Manager.
Frcursions.
ADJOIN ING CITY LINE of RAHWAY. —EX
ECUTOK'S SALE—NEW HOUSE, BARN, and FARM of 17 ucres,
high, splendid land. formerly belonging to Smith Woodruff, deceased, will
be sold at auction at noon, ob premiss, 08 TUESDAY, Feb, 16, 1872, if
not windy disposed of at private sale. Great pangeia Will cat ap
well. Temas very easy. datue amount on morty ply
LoikcoN MILLER, ia retin ye x TY.
Be
Sieamboats ano Railroads.
PEOPLE" LINE FOR ALBANY.
The largest and moss magnificent river Steamers in the world. The
ST. JOIN, DREW, sod DEAN RICHMOND, Oue of tie above steam:
ers will leave Pier No. 41, North River, every afternoon (Sunday excepted)
at 6 o'clock, arriving at ALBANY in time to conneet with railroad trains
West, North and East. Retaruiug leave the speamboat landing at
Albany at 7 o'clock p. moor on the arrival of conmectng trains (rem the
West and North and fe
Through tickets can be adtained at the Office on the Wharf; at Dodds
Bpress, 944 Broadway. aud No. Cowrteat., Brooklys, Baggage chiecaed
toils destiuation. Freight received until tLe hour of departure.
For NEW-HAVEN, HARTFORD, SPRING
FIELD, AND THE NURTH.—Steamcis leave Pyok-alip for New:
Haven at 3:15 sod "np wn. ronnecting with the Rail a
For BRIDGEPORT, and all points on Honsa
tonic and Jengetacy Railroads. Fare $1. Kieawers leave
Catherine slip at 12 noou and 12 midnight. (Sundar s exeejtai’, #0
NEPFUNE LINE STEAMERS Daily for
PROVIDENCE, BOSTON, WORCESTER,
st 4 p. m., from Pier 27, N. K., foot of Robinson-st.
Cabip tare to BOSTON. $4 35 Te PROVIDENCE, $3
Deck fare to» BOSTON, $3 25 Te PROVIDERCE, $2.
lowest ries. (Consees at Provider ce with Boston and Prov.
at
and Prov. W ter R. R.'s for all important N. Fug. cities and towns
OR HARTFORD, SPRINGFIELD, NORTH
AMPTON, HOLYOKS. ke, ke.—HARTPOKD LINK of STEAN.
ns leave F505 -811p DAILY 114 ion p.m, TH Hedmes, otis
pe are renning with ty’ ving early at each end of
route. irr ior sooo, vy 1 Weck pas §12\ Kxcur
sion tickets to be bad ov to Hartford, any landing ov the Con
pectient River. and returs (at option). only
Freight ai low rakes. SAXTON BEABURY Freight Ageuta
W. KH. GOUDSPERED, V. P
Printing.

TANNIN
on
QAFETY, SPEED, AND LOMPOIIT.
NAFETY, SPEED, AND COMPOLT,
NoRWICH LINF.
For B
oston, Worcester, Fiteliburg. Groton June ion LoaeV Low
nee, Nosnus, Mauchester, Concord, Oe: Brattleboro, «nd nieruy
ph 1 LEAS
CITY of Ly od and stanch steamers
CITY OF NEW.YORK,
Cy oF LAWRENCE. a NEW LONDON
will ears Yo ALY OF NEW-LONDON,
Pier 40. Nr Rory dally (Santer epied), m4 eo pow, from
For New-London and Noywen wer AML oo
for the above poirts, vie No there eonsecting wit Express traise
ter and Bostgn Hart ort son Londen, Nosthern, Norwich and Woices
0 T0.i8
roo thteagh tiekets and rates of freight, ower at the O%or, Pler 49,
sia
Ld
Now York, Oe. 18, 1869 J. L. BHOKT, r Agent,
QUECIAL NOIICE—CIANGE™ OF HOUR.
aod WR OF the Norwich and Voor~ or Line will
leave Pier 40, North River. for Boston
o'clock igstead of 5 veluck pm. aud intecmetiate po ote, at 4
A LBANY and TROY. —Regular line at 6

tei 0. Hew Per 84 RRA Fore SO cents 61 ale
terngte of “1 5 A 3
ing Hb In at 7p man! Aibany at 8) p. LoNNEUTICY rem

JOR RONDOUT, landing at COZLZENS
NEWBLIZOH, MILTON. POKEEPSIR, wd hoof oth, ton
steamboats THOMAS CORNELL and JAMES W. BALOV'IN eave
DAILY at 4 p m. Pier 24, N. R., #0t Harrisn: a0,
(CENTRAL RAILROAD of NEW-JERSEY.—
Passenger and Freiyht St in New-York, {01 of Liberty st. con
pect at Bomervills with South Hraneh Railruad: at Iawptuu Junction,
with the Delaware, Lackav anna, aud Westen ita ‘roa! at Puiliipal ony,
with the Lehigh and Susqrcisans Divislo: and at Raston «iu 0 Le.
high Vailey Railroad and its connections, forming a rect ne ‘0 iis
bargh andthe West, ina change of cars; also ‘0 Ceotal Penasyl
ian ew York State.
vauis aad New Tork PUTOWN LINE TO THE WEST,
SPRING ARIIANGEMBNT,
UV
Commencing May 22, 1971. <kea: New-York as foliows:
6a. 10. ~For Flemiagton, Keston, Betl)c her, Maach Caunk, Wilses
barre Pitiston, Malangy City, Mt. Caomel, ilaziewn, Tiukhaouock,
Towanda, Waveriy, ke, Conuects at Juuctien with D. 1. and W. RR.
8 a. n~—For Eastog,
Ya. m—WEsTERY ExpREss. daily {opt San lage). for Easton, Al
lentowu, Harrisburg and the West,” Connects at So. 10i'c for Pen
ington; a4 Phillipsburg with Leligh and Bos oehanna Divison for Mani
Chunk Wilkesbarae. seranton. Williamspors, Erie, ke; at Easton with
Leliah Valley Railroad for Mauch Chank.
10:30 a, m.~Way Train tor Somery lle,
12:50 p. ror F.emiugton, Faston, Allentown, Mauch Chonk,
Mahanoy City, Hazleton, Wilkesbarre, Realdivk, Cola! fa, Laacaster,
Ephrata, Pottsville, Harrisburg, ke. Connects at Puillijslurg for Bel
Yilowe
2p. Bra og RA rh A
2:39 p. m.—For Easton, Conmec's at PbiiM th Lebigh an
Busq. Bivision for Allentown, Wilkesharre a Spas, ard A
with Leligh Valley R. R. for Allentown spd Catasauqua. Covucets at
Jenction witED L.andi W. RR.
4 p. m.—Por Easton, Allentown and Manch Chank.
4:50 p. m.~For Somerville and Flemungton,
5 pm =CINCINNATI Exprnss, dalle, for Easton, Bethlehem Allen.
town, Beading, liarrishu-g, Pittshurgh, Chicago aud Cusiioai. Norpe
tug and Palace Cars to Pitiabuigh and Chicago.
5:15 p. me=For Bomery, le
6 p. in. Por Eaaton.
7 p.m. —For Somerv'le.
7:00 p. dln taut)--For Paston
9:40 p. m.~For Pinnuell
12 p.m —For Plainfield, Welnesdass an) Satnrlare,
For Blabeth at 7.00 60, 8:30. 7:15, T:40, 8:00 8:00, 9:00, 9:W,
10:90, 11:45 a.m. 12000, 1.00, 2:00, 40, 5:15, 3.40 4:00, 4:90, 4:35,
5:15 5.30, 5:45, 6300, 6:90, 5:00, Ti, T1405, 8:40 9:40, 00 4 12:00 p. in.
Tickets for the West ean be obtained at the ofl of the Contra!
road of New.Jerser, foot of Lilerty-st.. New-York; and at the prinsipa!
hotels and ticket offees in New-YorkCity. YS
Be BB UAT IV QUE FTIRITRARY
NP. Batowiy, Gegoral Passenger Agent, Ee
TIELAWARE, LACKAWANNA and WEST
ITY SURGES ANDY ESNEA DIY
NEW BROAD GAUGE LINE to Water Gap “tow «102, Sopnton,
Binghamton, Syracuse, aul Oswego, WITHO!U CLAN on 08 CALL,
Depots in New-York. foot of Barclay st. and foot of Clrilo herst,
n 3 ty BR AKBANGLMEN T'S, counpcucing MONDAY, ove nur 20,
y:00 a. m. BROAD CAU'GE EYERES TRAIN, via Boonton Brame,
rans direet!s through from New-York to Oswe.o wit'o ro nmeof cus
coanectivk at Dover with Chester K. R., aud at Sera ton with L. and
B. KR. for K ngston Wal canarre, Pittston, &e.

7:05 a.m. EXPRESS MAIL TRAIN, connectiv zat Tonsil with Boon.
ton Brauch. at Dover w.ta Caester Braoch, at Wate ioo th Sac wg LR,
tor Andover and Newton. at Washington with the DL. and W. RK,
for Water Gap, Stroatsturg, Scranton, Great Berd, Binchamton, Nyra
op, aud Oswego, aud at liaston with Lehigh Valley R. It. for ali poiuts
un What road,
12:/0 m.. LEHIGH VALLEY EXPRESS s'ops at Newark, Morris.
town, Dover. Waterloo, Hackettstown, Washington, Phillipshurg, and
Easton; connects at Water 'oo with Nnscee Raion. ot Phillipsburg
wu Del, Dell BR. for Belvidere, &e, and ot Baston w to Lo V. R. KR.
hi Betl lehem, Aveniown, Mauch Chauk, Wilkeshaire, Healing, and
artisburs
4.00 p,m BROAD GAUGE EXPRESS TRAIN, via Paterson and
Boonton, runs directly through th 8 wats witaut change of errs,
stoDDing At paciyel siations. Counect ug at Dove: with Coieet r BR. KR,
4:10 5 m. EASTON EXPRESS convects at Dovor with Chester R
R.. at Waterloo with sussex K. H., and at Eccton wth LV. BR I for
Bethlehem Alleutown, Pogt rg Hunstorg gad bh Wear
2:20 pom. HACKETTSTOWN MAIL, connects w th Boonton, Chester,
and Suse x Railroads,
2:0 pow. WOVE? EXPRUSS,
For soRRINTOWY, at 7:05 Gdn, 1020, 1:00 my, 2:70, :20, 4:00,
5:20, and £:40 pm.

For SUM wif und intermedinte stations at 6:30, 7:15.7:45, ©,10, 10:10,
and 11:20 a, mm, 2:30, 5:0 4.20, 5:00 au net) p,m.
For OKANGE and SOUTH ORANGE, 6:50, 7:00, 4:00, 40, 10.10,
and 11:20 a. m., 1:10. 2:30, 5:40, 4:20, 4:30, 5:30, 6:00, 6:40, 5:30, v.15,
wl UEWERK, ab 6.00, 3:05, 7:45, 8:40, 5:10, 9.40. =10:10, 10:3,
1300, 11:30, ‘and 1:00 mn, *1:18, 2:08, “#250, 2:20. 3:40.75:50, "410
24:20 4.50, 5:10, 5:20, 5:50, 6:00, *6:20, 6:40, ¥8:00, §.00, 6:13, and
11:45 p.m. Trains marked stop at Base Newark,

Lear New-York for PLOBSLELD wh Susie, at C7,
2:00, 3.0, 5:10, 6:20, and bp Ww
8:40 and 11:00 am. aud J 10, G20, aha Bp
TRIE RAILWAY.—WINTER ARRANGE:
Wr RAT ALR WAV A4.00 LL A00040 LHX 24
MENT of Lea us, taking eiieet Nov, 13, 187 Fi Chanbers
st Depot. (For Tw aty-thirl sl sce pote belo Ly
6:30 a. mn. Cineivnat avd Chicago Day Keprees, Drawing-Noom Coaches
to Bullalo and Nogera Fuils, and Sleeping Coaclies to dst nation
1:00 am, Express Mai for Buffalo aud Niugars alls. Drawing-reom
Coren to Susquelanta ad SMleeping-Cowges to demti ation
5:90 9 me Night mxpiees. Nie poug-Coaclies to Buffalo aud Niagwrs
ri
“0p mw. (Dally) Cine nati and Chieazo Nigbt Express Kleeping
Coaches though to Cigewnaty, Butfa's Niagara Falis and tbeice to
Chicago,
For Port Jervis, 8:00. 9:90, 11:00 and *1L1% a. m,, 4.30, 5,00 4. 700
a
om,
P For Goshen and Middlmown, *7:30, 8:00, 44:30. 11.00 wud “103 a mw,
530. 4:50, 0:30. aud “4500 pow.
For Warwick, 2:00, 11:00 and 11:15 8. m., 4 pom.
Por Newburgh [030 Gia) and Loma, wm. B00, 4:50 and 5:00 5m
Por Suffery, ®©00, #5:30, 11.00 and *11:156 a. m., 230 L060, 5:00, 6.00,
16:00, #5 0 and “iLO pom
For Pudgewood, Holoxus, Allendale aud Ramse:'s, 8:00, 10.30, 11.00,
Meld a. me, 300,05 0 6:00 £000, 700 and P1100 nov,
For Paterson, 6705, *T:00, 9:00 18:30 7:00 100, “11:15. m 1220
m., “1:45. 3:30, 4:00, 5:00, 5:18, 5:30, 6:00, “6:30 *7:04, WAS hd ARE
p.m, sod “1m widni zit.
For Rosherfurd Park an! Passaie, 6:45, “7.30, $6.0, 10:0, Ho
am, 12m, 1:45 3.00, 4:00, 3005, £00, 5:30, 8:10 poco and C1200
mweinight.
tg Hackensack and Wav, 2:15 a.m, 12:45, 4:00, 5:00, 0,00, 6:48
Pw. and Wednesdars apd Satnrdays o oy 12:00 mw.

For Hilis!ale and way, #15 a any 12:10, 3:00, 5:00 ant 0:07 4, in
For ~pring Valley hy Way, 8:15am, Yo 1, SM und L.OV mm
Fo: Euclewond and Tecatly, 1:45, $9:00, 0:50 a.m. 1:3), 2:05, 4 5,
4:45 5:40 Go and Tod pom Nutardass ouly 12:00 und,

For Ciessi i 1, 1:45, 12:00 and £3 am, 1:9, 315, 4 15, 5:30 6:0
sand 1.45 p.m. Saturdive onic 12:00 miduight,
Por {pyer Permont, 7:45, {4:00 4:50am, 13, 4018 408 R00 0
and 7400 pow Naturda: only 12:00 miloghe
For Piermont smd Nyeca, 4%, Bho a iu, 130, 4:00, qn 30, 6: 0 and
§745 pw. Satardurs onle 12.00 mdnigh?.
N 4 ~Toaina lessiag $C hambeisot on even bors or of boas leuve
Tovrte trifle Wfteon mountes ewriier than above tne Last host
fiom Taents-therlat. 210 vom
N Bo—=Jrmaus on the N. RR. of No J Jgaving Claanbeinat. on
quar‘er fours, leave Tweutv-thind-st, thirty minutes ench 1 than abo
tiwe
Tickets for passage and for Apartments in Drawing Loam apd Blesring
Coaches can he ohne! and ond (9 for tie chee ir transfer of
Bageaye aay by ft al tle Lvityiny s ollces=-241. ded a U5 Bros.
way: er Ora Honlred ad teonte 0 st A Th Mob
Conrtest., Brooklyn. Wi Biondaay, Wii sourch, ot the Cumpaay e
Depots, and of Ages at the po Loipal hotels, 4
3
Dail. Sundays onlr. 0 Len S ada only, XN. oh ooh
WM. BR. BAKR, Geni Poasa'r Agent
NEW-YORK AND CNEWAAVEN RAIL
Paseenger Station in New-York, corner of Taeutr scverthst and
tewth ave, Euwreuce 0) Twenty-re ent J.


DEE IRTY WNL HE FEN HH" TU aT NTT Nr nite
tewth ave, BEuwrzuce 0) Twenty-pe endl oo.
TRAINS LEAVE NEW-YOPK
Yor New-Uaver Bridge jot. 7, SER), 100 a mp 120500), 8
(kx), $id, 4:00, 5:30, and (Kg.) p. ra.
fo Mi Mod Stuatford, Vairfie ih fouthport, gud Wesiport, Ao a,
wep CoA, Bond ido pom 4
far Ranth Norwalk, 7, 8 (Bx.). 9,11:30 a, m; 12:15 vin), 0 (on) 09
450 (Bu) Dodo to wd 2 Ch) pa we.
For Daven. 7.9, 11:09 a, m. 2245, 4:30, 5:20, ante ivp mi,

For Staion, 7,8 (Kx), 9, 11,308. 1m, 1 HE), 200, 5 (Ex), 3:45,
4:50 (Bx) 4:40 33, 6:30, 7:15, 8 (Ex.) p. ma


For Greenwich «od intermediate Stations, 7.9 11:3 a in 2:15, 245,
4:45, 5:20, 6:30, 7:15 p. m.
ganday Mail Train loaves Twsatv-seveuth-st. New -Yoia at 7p. w. for
Boston, via both Sprugfiel! Line and Shore ue,
CONNRULING TRAINS,
For Boston via Byring eid, Sa.m;3rndép m
For Loston via Shore Line 12:15 and 8)
For Hartford an Sprin gel], 8 a. mo; 12:15 2 and pon.
For Conpecticuy Kaver itailroad, 8 a m., 1240p boty Northampton,
3 m. to Montreal.
Sor Jlartford, Providence aud Fishkill Railrond, da un [RS ETRE
For Shore Line Railway ut 8 uw. mw. to Norwy Laud Piosideueg, 12°08,
3, to New-London and Norwieh, 4 p. m.
For New-laven and Nortuampwon calioal a.m J rw te Noithe
ampton »nd Witiiawaburgh.
Yor New-Haven, Middletown and Willimautic Rab cod (an Liu),
a, mand Jp ms
For Housatonle Raltroad, fa. vn andl ?p.m.
For Naugstock Railroad, a.m, Jp. w., aud 4:30 p. 10. to Wb sbury.
For Danbury and Norwalk Railroad 7a. 17 17 and 4.7% pw.
For New-Canaan Railroad. 8 a.m 12:15 andé’0p ao.
Commodious Skeeping Cars attached to 8p. vo, Tram, aad is 10 Sa.
day Mail Tiain on either Line,  Drawiogroo a Car attached to Led
a. m. and 3 p.m. Traive
Passengers £43 procuie tickite to any pent reaches i over this road ab
the Depot of the New York ani New Huven PR. eon Teeatyn vrrth
ot. and Pourth-ave. also at the Offices of the New Yora Veanstir i'o.
(Dodd's Eapreag). No. 4 Brosds ar v 1 "No. 1 Conrat, Dookivn. a.
y leaving sulfable notice. can have their ba. gave e.died for aod eeked
from os LA to destinat on, JAMES HHO 1, dui,
N EW-YORK CENTRAL A2MD HUDSON
PS RIVER RAILROAD. Commoucing Mo wn Nov, v0 Mai,
‘Through Tras will leave from New Depot, Forrtt-ave, and Fortr
ey.

8 00 a. m., Chicago ad Moutres! Express with Diav ug-room cars
through to Koclosier aii St Alb aus
10:30 a. w., Special (Micag) Express, with Drawiog-rooxn vars to Bollale
and Niagara Valls
10:47 a. m., Norther and Western Express.
3:4 p.m. Bpeernl Tooy Express, oo abIriae
4:00 pow, Woutrens Express wb Nlecping-cars from New-York tort,
Albans
6:00 p. m., Kapress, with Sleeping-cars for Watcrtomu Ovwigo, and
Croandiixna.
4.00 0. wm. Pacife Kxprevs. with Slcepiogcars for Kocheste), baflak,
wal Niagara Falls; tlso tor Chicepe, via both LoS ant MC,
Rai'rosds; and for St Loals, via Toledo ‘eave: on Numiays a8
p.m 4
10:00 p. mw., Express, with Seeplug-cars fur Tro; and A bay.
All Focal tats roming norte of Youker ‘lemve trom uew depot.
 Sopwers Special Lraine irom Thirtiet -t. west nde, us her twlor

C. H. KENDKICK, General Passenger 2 nt,
v 2} hh owl Se
NEW -JERSEY RATLROAD—FROM FOOT of
vy DESBRUMSES-NI. aud fiom foot of OUORTLANDT ST. —}or
WEST PHILADELPHIA at £:30 and 9:'W ae. wm, 12:30. 0.5 6
$:0% p.m, 12 might: ani o. dapiars ar bar boc. Fer Ph luceiph
via Camden. 7 a. w.. and 1p.m For BALTIMORY and WAKHING
TOX and THE WENT, via Baltimore, 130 m,, 12:50 2) 1:2," jh de
bor the ROUTH 3:30 ao S20 pom, Mlver Palace cers 0 0 1&0
no snd Lyachhacy daity, eo ¥:2v train, without chan For ihe
WENT, via Peguerivania Raiirosd—9: 30 2.0 wy a, (‘am
Silver Palace cars src atizchad to She 9130 a, w., cad ree thoes 0 flv
New-York to Pittshargn Cloepge sind Lauist ible. withoul chant. slwe
Palace cars are vitachad to the oan p, m.. daily, sod rus \rough to Vite
burgh, Cwerunati, Louisville, and Bt, Lows, without ahasge. 8 er
Frio at nr stiached to the S737 me, and raw wag! Gres He ou
oY 0 Fort Wayne, bicaae, without chav. Achets Jor 1a
of Denhirosses-st,. fout 3 orbiandtar.. ws Besar
Dally, (Nev. 4, 3


PW. RANKIN, Co bist. ag, F. WW IACKRON, Guu opt
al yor 22: TE TH Re 3 4 4
SOUTH SIDE R. ROFL L
Winter Arrangements, commencing Och 187), frou’ Roos vel an)
Grand-st. Ferries, New York,

9:90 8. wm. Mail for Paichogue, by stage for Belleport sud Fire Place.
jos [3 Acempilobios to Baby las. ow oi snd Fire PL
20 p. wa. Bxpeess for Patchogue, by sisge Belle} 0... ne Pats
4:30pm rnd u for [Ki through te Patetcpoe vo aware
£:30 p. m. Pabsles Accoamedatios.
G0 pw. Accommods’iou for Merck u
The 8:3 avd 10 8. w. aml the he and Ro, 5. Li connect of
al ream for Bockaway ard liek A
Yothy $0 Tr W. DOUGLAS, Sov iow ndeuh
Sas TNme Tables
Steamboats and Ratlronds.
a
3

SUMMER ARRANGEM
COMMENCING MAY 22, 0001,