She IPionm.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Editor^
Bridgeton, Dec. Sfli, 1871.
THE PRESIDENT’S MESSAGE.
Both Houses of Congress assembled in
the Capitol at Washington, at noon, Mon
day, the 5th inst. The Senate was called
to order by the president, pro tern, and the
House by its Speaker, Hon. James G.
Blaiue. By 1 P. M., both Houses had or
ganized and were ready to proceed to busi
ness. The following is a synopsis of Pres
ident Grant’s Message delivered to Congress
immediately after its organization
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
In addressing my third annual message to
the law-making branch of the Government,
it is gratifying to be able to state that du
ring the past year success has generally at
tended tho effort to execute all laws found
upon the statute books. The policy has
been not to inquire into the wisdom of the
law already enacted, but to learn their spirit
and intent, and to enforce them accordingly.
The past year has, under a wise Providence,
been one of general prosperity, to tho na
tion it has, however, been attended with
more than usual chastisements in the loss of
life by storm and fire. These disasters have
served to call forth the best elements of hu
man nature in our country, and to develop
a friendship for us on the part of foreign
nations, which goes far towards alleviating
the distresses occasioned by these calami
ties. The benevolent, who have so gener
ously shared their means with the victims
of these misfortunes will reap their reward
in the consciousness of having performed a
noble act, and in receiving the grateful
thanks of men, women, and children whose
sufferings they have relieved.
The relations of the United States with
This year has been an eventful one in wit
nessing two great nations, speaking one lan
guage- and having one lineage, settling by
peaceful arbitration disputes of long stand
ing which were liable at any time to bring
those nations into bloody and costly con
flict. An example has thus been set which,
if successful in its issue, may be followed
by other civilized nations, and finally be the
means of returning to productive industry
millions of men now maintained to settle
the disputes of nations by the bayonet and
broadside. I transmit a copy of the treaty
alluded to, which has been concluded since
the adjournment of Congress, with her
Britannic Majesty, and a copy of the pro
tocols of the conferences of the commis
sioners by whom it was negotiated.
With Germany, France, Austria and
Italy we still maintain amicable relations.
Germany and France entertain no hard
feelings against the United States on ac
count of the late lamentable war, but on
the contrary, circumstances have been so
carefully and nicely adjusted by Minister
Washbume, that both nations are left with
none but the most kindly feelings toward
this Government. The ratification of the
consular and naturalization conventions with
the Austro-Hungarian Empire have been
exchanged. Official information of the an
nexation of the States of the Church to the
Kingdom of Italy, and the removal of the
capital of that kingdom to Rome. Our in
tercourse with Russia has been most cor
dial, and the visit of the Grand Duke, the
third son of the Czar, to this country, has
served to still further strengthen the bonds
which unite us.
With Japan we continue to maintain in
timate relations. China, through the Co
reans, has caused us some considerable
trouble by their mal-treatment of American
sailors, ship-wrecked on their shores. A
fleet was despatched to Corea, and its in
habitants severely punished for the w rong
done. Brazil has taken the first step to
ward abolishing slavery, and our relations
with her are most cordial. The South
American States, Mexico, Central America,
the Canadas, and all other nationalities am
on friendly terms with us. Some little
trouble has been had with Spain, owing to
the abuse of American residents in Cuba
by the authorities there.
Attention is called to the fishery ques
tion, and to the recently completed com
mercial treaties between different nations.
The establishing of ocean steam-ship lines
between this country and Europe is highly
commended. The agricultural department
is represented as very prosperous, and the
post-office, naval, war and commercial in
terests exceedingly successful. The opera
tions of the army are given in detail, and
announced as most salutary, economical
and effective. The educational resources
are given as extremely satisfactory. The
guarantee of equal civil rights to all citi
zens is said to be working admirably. Im
migration is spoken of as being liberally
fostered, and the Indian bureau's doings as
already productive of great good.
The national debt has been reduced to
the extent of $86,057,126.80 during the
year, and by the negotiation of national
bonds at a lower rate of interest the inter
est on the public debt has been so far di
minished that new the sum to be raised for
the interest account is nearly 117,000,000
less than on the 1st of March, 1869. It
was highly desirable that this rapid dimin
ution should take place both to strengthen
the credit of the country, and to convince
its citizens of their entire ability to meet
every dollar of liability without bankrupt
ing them. But in view of the accomplish
ment of these desirable ends, of the rapid
development of the resources of the coun
try, its increasing ability to meet large de
mands, and the amount already paid it is
not desirable that the present resources of
the country should continue to be taxed in
order to continue this rapid payment, and
it is therefore recommended that both the
Tariff and Internal Tax laws be modified,
and that all taxes from internal sources be
abolished, except those collected from spir
ituous, vinous, and malt liquors, tobacco in
its various forms, and from stamps.
The Tariff question is manfully dealt
with, and it is recommended that those ar
ticles be placed upon the free list which can
best bear it without disturbing home pro
duction or reducing the wages of American
labor. The Ku-klux have been punished,
their gatherings broken up, and the law
sustained.
In Utah there still remains a remnant of
barbarism, repugnant to civilization, to de
cency, and to the laws of the United States.
Neither polygamy nor any other violation
of existing statutes will be permitted within
the territory of the United States.
Thus hastily summing up the operations i
of the Government during the last year, i
and making such suggestions as occur to
me to be proper for your consideration, they i
are submitted with a confidence that your i
combined action will be wise, statesmanlike, i
and in the best interests of the whole coun- i
try. U. S. Grant.
Executive Mansion, Dec. 4* 1871.
i
Fair and Festival.—By reference to ad- i
vertisemeut in another column, it will he
seen that a fair and festival will be held in
the Academy at Shiloh, on Wednesday aud t
Thursday, the 13th and 14 insts. We ad-
vise our friends to be present and partake i
of the sumptuous entertainment, such as
Uie Shiloh people understand getting up.
ACROSS NEW “SPAIN
AN AUTUMN DItIVE.
By tlie Agricultural editor of Hie Wilmington,
(Del.) “Gazette."
AVe had by extrordinary diligence, com
pleted our more pressing summer and au
tumn farm work at an early period in the
season, and were considering how we
should usefully and pleasantly enjoy the
restful holidays that succeeded, when a
friend proposed a drive across Southern
New Jersey to the ocean. Had he propos
ed a drivo across the Continent to the Pa
cific we should have been as well prepared
to give the proposition a favorable consider
ation. We know enough of the State to
bo assured that but little knowledge could
be gained for Agriculture liy such an expe
dition, aud we believed the old saying to
be true, that,
“Jersey is a hard road to travel.”
Southern New Jersey may be called a
vast level desert, and is practically as far
removed from the centres of trade and civ
ilization as though it were a thousand
miles away. It is a body of sand, produc
ing little more than a scanty crop of pine
and scrub-oaks, that are periodically cut
and converted into charcoal by the strange
half-civilized looking men who we occasion
ally see, with their charcoal wagons, cross
ing the Delaware, on the boats between
Camden and Philadelphia.
Such wo believed to be the general char
acter of this section, but wo wished to
leam if it had been settled in the early his
tory of our country as we knew the Penin
sula of Delaware and Eastern Maryland,
between the two great bays, had been set
tled. On the Peninsula, we had seen the
remains of the substantial dwellings that
had been occupied by persons of large
means, and many old churches are still
standing that were built a century or more
since—churches that would accomodate a
much larger congregation than can now be
gathered together in their respective neigh
borhoods.
But nothing of the kind exists in South
ern Jersey, and we are led to believe that
most 01 tne state, irom a line twenty-nve
miles south of Philadelphia, is of compara
tively recent formation, being a gradual ac
cumulation of sand and gravel thrown up
by the Atlantic on one side and carried
down from the highlands by the Delaware
river on the other side.
From our elevated position on the Heights
of Christian, ou the other side of the Dela
ware river, we could overlook a great part
of the plain of New Jersey. But a glass of
high telescopic powers revealed to us noth
ing more than a boundless sea of green fo
liage, lined in various directions by strings
of white that represented the sandy roads.
Few farm houses and but a single village
broke tnis monotonous expanse of pine and
scrub-oak laud. Seventy miles of sand road
into which our horse would sink to the fet
lock at every step, would take us in a
straight line to the ocean. But there is no
straight road, and we must necessarily work
our way from point to point, over highways
of travel that lead to places of most impor
tance, mostly towns, located at the heads of
the tide-water streams.
On roads so difficult, through woodland
so lonesome, with distances so great and
supplies so necessarily scarce, we found it
wisdom to have made preparation for all
emergencies.
You might have seen us therefore, set
out with our stout horses, harnessed to a
comfortable covered wagon, with its feed
box strapped on behind, its bows or rafters
living with fishing rods and guns with their
appropriate furniture, wlfile the seats were
provision chests, filled with a good assort
ment of edibles and bibulous necessities and
luxuries.
Salem is the initial point from which our
gay horses dash away over a smooth gravel
turnpike, in full enjoyment of the bracing
October weather. Well cultivated farms,
comfortable dwellings, and a general ap
pearance of thrift, belied the signs of deso
lation so evident from our distant lookout
a score of miles above. We laughingly
congratulated each other on the disappoint
ment to our anticipations, and concluded
that the supplies with which we were en
cumbered were carried to a New Castle
abounding in all good things.
The hedge rows are lines of beauty with
their contrasting splendors of purple, green
and gold. The young thickets are mosaics,
on a magnificent scale. The orchards are
still laden with their fruits, fair and ripe,
inviting us to pluck and enjoy. The wheat
fields are a soft emerald, while the husked
ears of corn lay in heaps amid the stubble
like great nuggets of gold.
Surely we have entered Fairyland instead
of the Land of Desolation.- We stop the
carriage, and all get out and gather chest
nuts and chincopins, just bursting from the
half opened burs, where they lie cosily in
their velvet nests, like jewels in rich cas
kets. We occasionally spring over fences
into the melon patches to pick a melon
from amongst the thousands that are there
wasting, now that the season for their sale
is past. Brown squirrels run along the
fences, and birds of bright plumage, that
have forgotten their spring music, mope
lazily- in the trees.
lugutuii, a ueuuiiiui uity ui several
thousand inhabitants on the Cohansey Riv
er, we found accommodations as comforta
ble, if not as sumptuous, as those afforded
by the St. Nicholas or Fifth Avenue. Here
we tarry awhile in order to inspect the
glass works, and the famous Cumberland
nail factory. The nail works are designed
on a magnificent scale, and cover several
acres of ground. The fires are kept in full
blast without intermission for ten weeks in
the year, and consume about twenty tons
of coal each day. A working force of fif
teen hundred men keep up the grand chor
al notes of labor night and day for all that
;ime.
At Bridgeton our beautiful turnpike ends
and we plunge into a sea of white sand
hat possesses some characteristics that
oring to mind what we have heard of the
Dead Sea of the east. No sign of animal
ife, and only a starved and stunted vegeta
jle growth, through which a fire had pass
id a year—it may be two or a dozen years
lince. The prospect before us is absolute
y appalling from its boundless extent of
jarrenness. A wide plain of sand, as
vliite as snow, with the scrub-oak, too
hinly scattered to relieve the glare when
he sun shines on it, seems to meet the
lorizon on three sides of us. Here and
here we see in the distance a blacked trunk
itanding erect and branchless, like a gliost
y sentinel watching over the plain of Des
fiation. The only variation in the charac
;er of the scenery, in a drive of fifteen
niles, was a swamp through which we pas
ted. Here the trees were of considerable
iize, and liad escaped the fire. Long swiug
ng strips of grey moss hung from trunk
md branches of the trees and writhed and
vriggled in the light breeze like living ser
>ents. We pass two dwellings only in ten
niles, the first a deserted shanty, and the
fiber looking somewhat like we suppose
Uoah’s Ark appeared after the waters of
he flood had subsided and left the strange
iraft on the wet terra Anna. A man with
lis hands in his pockets stood in the door
baking with the ague. We named the
>lace “Shaking Castle,” and proceeded
vithout longer delay than was necessary to
j exchange civilities, which is expected by
1 every ouc we meet.
At Shiloh, a small village in the wilder
ness, we find a peculiar people. They are
i copper colured, have long straight hair, and
resemble Indians with the savage aspect
somewhat modi lied. They are clannish aud
marry amongst themselves, and indeed as
sociate with white* or other colored persons
only for the necessary purpose of trade.
We have made some comments on the
j above article which will appear next week,
i —Ed. Pioneer.
BRIDGETON POST OFFICE.
While this institution is conducted so ad
j mirabiy by our worthy and obliging Post
master, there are some features over which
he has no control, which should be abated.
We refer to the practice of smoking in the
front department, where ladies as well as
gentlemen are compelled to go, in order to
receive tlieir mail matter. To many the
inhaling of tobacco smoko is not ott'ensive,
while to others it is. Gentlemen do not
smoke in cars where ladies ride, or in other
public places where ladies congregate, and
there is no reason why they should compel
those to whom tobacco smoke is ott’ensive
to leave the post-otiice while the mail is be
ing changed. The above remarks are not
meant to be personal, as we could not name
a single individual that we ever noticed
smoking in the place above referred to,
and suppose that in nine cases out of ten,
it is thoughtlessness more than anything
else which keeps up the practice.
A gentleman enters the post-office per
haps when no ladies are present, has ten or
fifteen minutes to wait for the mail to be
changed, and commences puffing away at a
cigar, presently others enter; the habit is
contagious—and in a few minutes a group
of them fill the room so densely with to
bacco smoke that when others enter, they
are compelled to leave. All this is taking
place while the Postmaster is busily enga
ged in sorting the mail, and it would be im
possible for him to notify each one that it
was out of place for him to smoko in that
department, unless be should post before
their eves: “No nentleman will smoke
here.” Even then some might not see it,
but if once understood that it was not al
lowable any gentleman would forego the
pleasure of smoking in a place where it is
so offensive to ladies and others.
CHRISTMAS ENTERTAINMENT.
The Ladies of Trinity M. E. Church will
have a Fair and Festival at Grosscup’s Hall,
on Friday, Saturday, and Monday, Decem
ber 22d, 23d, and 25tli, 1871. The enter
tainment will be open on Friday evening,
on Saturday afternoon and evening and
on Monday (Christmas) during the entire day
and evening. A large number and hand
some variety of fancy articles will be pre
sented for sale, most of them very appro
priate for holiday gifts. There will be a
Restaurant with a choice bill of fare, embla
ring all the delicacies of the season, which
will be furnished to order. Also a full sup
ply of confectionery and fruits, and Bmna’e
lee Cream. On each evening there will be
music by the singers of Trinity congrega
tion, and a number of select Tableaux will
be presented.
It is designed to furnish a feast for the
palate, and pleasant things for the eyes and
ears of both the old and the yonng. The
public may expect a good and appropriate
holiday entertainment. The people of this
city and country are cordially invited. Pro
ceeds for the benefit of Trinity Church.
Admission for single session ten cents. Sea
son tickets, twenty-five cents.
Dr. Gleason’s Lectures.—Our citizens
will be pleased to learn that Dr. Gleason
will commence a course of lectures in this
city on Monday evening next in Grosscup’s
Hall. The first lecture is to be free, and
will be scientific, instructive, and amusing.
The Dr. is a gentleman of excellent reputa
tion, a regular graduate of one of the first
medical colleges of the country, and a very
popular lecturer, thoroughly acquainted
with the subjects on which he treats. We
can assure all who attend this course of lec
tures tnat they will be well repaid. We
take pleasure in recommending them, not
simply because the Dr. is such a competent
and worthy gentleman, but because the in
formation imparted by him is calculated to
do a vast amount of good, while at the same
time it is so interesting and instructive.
Sewing Machine Agency.—Peterson
Carpenter, of Philadelphia, sole agents
for Wheeler W ilson, nave opened a
branch establishment for the sale of the
celebrated Wheeler Wilson Sewing Ma
chines, on .he South-East comer of Com
merce and Pearl Streets, Bridgeton, under
the management of Hyde Greenwood,
who are the agents for Cumberland and
Cape May counties. The Wheeler Wil
son machine is one of the best and most
popular in the country, and will do a great
variety of work in a superior manner.—
Those wishing to purchase a first-class sew
ing machine should apply here. A full va
riety of needles, thread, &c., may be pur
chased at the Agency in Bridgeton, where
instructions will be given to ladies who
purchase the Wheeler and Wilson.
Insure Your Property !—In this age
of devastation and fire property owners
should be careful to insure only in good,
safe, and reliable companies. Companies
which insure only detached buildings and
farm property are the safest and best. The
Agricultural Fire Insure Company of Wa
tertown, New York, is such a one. It is a
first-class company, and has received the
commendation from Secretary of State
Kelsey, of being the strongest and ablest
company insuring in New Jersey. The Ag
ricultural insures against both fire and
lightning. Look at its advertisement in
another column. Roswell S. Reynolds,
General Agent, Bridgeton, N. J.
Oak Hall.—Wanamaker Brown seem
determined to take the lead in the clothing
business of Philadelphia. Their stock is
the largest, and by extensive advertising
which brings an immense trade, they are
enabled to sell cheaper than small establish
ments which hide their light under a
bushel, and keep their goods over for the
“next season” and fail to sell them, be
cause the proprietors are too close fisted to
spend a little money to let the public know
what they have on hand, and what induce
ments they offer to customers. If you wish
to buy goods cheap patronize those houses
which advertise, aud sell so much that they
can afford to sell cheap.
ConANSEY River.—We understand that
a petition will soon be in circulation among
our citizens requesting an appropriation by
Congress for the purpose of removing ob
stacles from Coliansey River, and thus ma
king it more navigable. Appropriations
have been made to places of much less size
and importance, and as Bridgeton is a port
of entry, and a large amount of tax is col
lected here annually for the support of the
Government, the much needed improve
ment should be granted, and we trust our
city authorities and citizens will use their
influence to bring it about.
The Largest in America—Wanamaker ifc
Brown’s Retail Clothing House.
SLANDER IN BRIDGETON.
For a week or two past the most slan
derous reports have been circulating
throughout our city in reference to the
character of one of our most prominent
citizens and several respectable families
with whom reports associate his name. Ouo
of the families is of this city. We are as
sured from the most reliable Sources that
there is no truth in any of the reports above
referred to, and that they originated with
some fiendish person, for the purpose of de
stroying the reputation and happiness of
those interested. As such reports lose
nothing in passing from one to another,
they became so magnified as to bo incredu
lous. Had not these slanderous reports
been so generally circulated, and by some
believed to be true, wo should not thus
have referred to them. Some persons when
they originate a lie associate it with such
circumstances as to make it appear plausi
ble, but in tliis instance there are no cir
cumstances whatever which give any plaus
ibility to the false reports. Any person
wlio would originate such slanderous reports
as have been passing current in this city for
the past few weeks in reference to a clergy
man, or any one else, should suffer the pen
alty of the law. No one can be too careful
liow they damage the reputation of an
other by circulating reports the truthfulness
or falsity of which they know nothing
about. It is a good rule to believe nothing
of the kind however plausible it may seem,
when it comes from “they sav.” A prom
inent citizen who should be above suspicion,
j should have at least as much favor shown
I liim as a criminal whom the courts always
j give the benefit of the doubts, by consider
j ing him innocent until proven guilt. Those
who have thoughtlessly circulated reports
wliieli they know nothing about, should
take the opportunity to contradict them at
once. We understand that measures have
been taken to bring to justice not only the
originator of the slanders above referred to,
but also those who have added to the origi
nal scandal.
THE MORMONS.
There is an erroneous sentiment rmsra.
lent that the people called Mormans are
heathenish, barbarous, and oppressive to
the Gentiles, or any differing with them in
sentiment. This is a great mistake. From
their prophet down to the humblest citi
zen of Utah Territory; they grant the lar
gest liberty of views, and permit them to
be expressed even in their tabernacles by
Gentiles who differ with them in doctrine.
They are firm in the belief of their system
of religion into which is incorporated poly
gamy, and as that is in conflict with the
laws of this Government, tliat is what is
causing most of the troubles in Utah. The
Mormons say that Judge McKean is not
dealing fairly or honestly with them—that
they cannot get an unprejudiced Judge and
jury to try their cases. They desire our
Government to send any number of unpre
judiced commissioners to investigate their
case, and advise with them as to what is
the better course to pursue, and if it is de
cided to do away with polygamy it can be
better accomplished by peaceful measures
than by such persecutions as they are now
subject to at the hands of the Government
officials who are now harrassing them.—
There is more than one way of doing away
with an evil. The system of polygamy is
doubtless an evil one, and will soon be done
away with, but what is the use of galloping
over all law and decency to make martyrs
and seed for it! “Save the life of Utah—
its frugal and temperate labor, its acquisi
tions, and its uses for all the mines ind
settlements gf the central Continent
Those are the sentiments of Thomas Fitch,
one of the ablest lawyers and statesmen,
who does not approve of polygamy.
Elder Lindsey, who has been living in
Salt Lake City for the past thirteen years,
and now on a visit to Bridgeton, requests
us to say that the statements made in the
Advertiser and Review, published by Mr. J.
S. Richardson, in reference to the women
of Utah, being compelled by the elders to
marry, is not correct.
The Proceedings of City Council
Bridgeton, Dec. 5th, 1871.
Council met at half-past 7 o’clock.
Present—Mayor, Mulford, Dare, Kienzle,
Roork, Trencliard.
Permits Granted—William Nagle, to en
large house on Vine Street, Third Ward
Charles D. Burroughs, to build barn on
Commerce Street, First Ward.
Bills Ordered Paid—Isaac B. Dare, three
months salary as Mayor, to date, $50.00;
Money for use of Schools, $1200.
Applications of George W. Mead and John
G. Young, to sell porter, ale, and cider,
laid over two weeks.
Petition of fourteen citizens asking to
have a street lamp placed at the corner of
Pearl and Myrtle streets, referred to Coun
cilmen from First Ward.
Committee appointed at last meeting to
purchase a lot of land on Cohansey Avenue,
of W. J. Smith, reported that the lot had
been procured.
On motion, it was ordered that the deed
from W. J. Smith and wife for a lot of land,
and also the article of agreement from said
Smith for the privileore of removing dirt
from his premises for the use of the city be
accepted by Council, and an order drawn in
his favor on the City Treasurer, payable in
thirty days, for six hundred dollars, the
amount of purchase money.
On motion, the Mayor was ordered to give
notice that he will receive proposals for the
removing of the dirt from the Smith lot on
Coliansey Avenue by the square yard, pro
posals to be laid before Council at its next
meeting.
On motion, the Councilmen of Third
Ward were authorized to notify Mr. Isaac
W• Elwell, to put the sidewalk in front of
his property on Broad Street, in good re
pair.
Adjourned,
G. W. McGowan, Recorder.
The Late Cold Weather.—The se
vere spell of cold weather which set in last
week has occasioned heavy loss among ship
pers, the canals and rivers being choked
up with ice, putting stop to navigation.
The Hudson river is closed fifty miles below
Albany. At Rhinebeck, clear black ice
reaches from shore to shore, but the ferry
boat running between there and Roundout
has managed to break through thus keep
ing communication open between those
places. The Hudson has not closed so ear
ly in a number of years, and as a conse
quence the damage must be heavy. It is
estimated there is $50,000 worth of pro
duce frozen in.
Port Norris.—The new M. E. Church
at Port Norris will be dedicated on Sunday,
the 17tli of December, 1871- Providence
permitting, Rev, T, A. Fernley of Phila,
delpliia, will preach the dedioatory sermon
at 10 o’clock, A. M, 1 he following clergy
men are expected to be present, and partic
ipate in the exercises Rev. B. C. Lippin
cott, W. C. Chatten, E. H. Durrell, J. B.
Turpin, S. Welsey Lake, E. J. Lippincott.

Attention !—The members of Bridge
ton Lodge, No. 120, I. O. O. F., are re
quested to be present at their Lodge Room,
on Tuesday evening, December 12th, at 1
past 7 o’clock. Business of importance.
I. T. Nichols, Secretary.
Serious Accident.—On Friday morning
of last week Franklin F. Garrison liad his
left leg broken between the knee and ancle,
while riding along one of the stumpy roads
of Rosenhayn. fie is a young man of about
nineteen years of age, and was in company
with his father at the time, who at once
took him to the resideuco of Mr. John
Evans of that place, where he was cared for
until Dr. Sheppard arrived. The limb was
set, aud the sufferer is doing as well as cir
cumstances will permit of. At the time
the accident occurred young Garrison was
sitting in front of the wagon with ids feet
below the hounds of the wagon, and in an
instant tire leg was broken, when it came
in contact with the stump. Persons should
be very careful how they ride on a wagon,
especially over rough or stumpy roads.

Wild Game.—A few days siucc live of
our citizens while on a gunning expedition
in Gloucester county, started up several
deer, one of which they shot and brought
to Bridgeton. It was a fat buck about five
years old and weighed 128 pounds.
On Tuesday last forty-four pair of black
ducks were brought to this city and Mill
ville from Capo May Court House, near
which place they were shot. They weighed
from five to six pounds per pair, and sold
for seventy-live cents.
Friday’s Ledger says:—“Philadelphia
confections are thought so highly of in Bos
ton, that the confectioners of that city
advertise them as a great delicacy.”
Stephen Whitman is the preferable and
celebrated manufacturer of that city, and
our townsman, Charles F. Dare, deals al
most exclusively in his candies- He is now
receiving large supplies in view of the hol
idays. Fine Mixtures, 40 cts. per pound,
or by the Box; the best aud cheapest in
town. Dec. 8 2-t
Taking Them Down a Peg.—When
anything runs loo high it is generally better
to “take it down a peg.” When people
get too high in their own estimation it of
ten does them good to be “taken down a
peg.” There are a great many things
which confer great good on the Communi
ty by being “taken down a peg,” and we
believe we have done something towards
benefitting tho public in our nrices. which
have just been “taken down a considerable of
a peg," and we now offer the most superb
Winter Clothing at lower prices than ever
at the Great Clothing emporium of Ben
nett o., Tower Hall, No. 518 Mar
ket Street, half-way between Fifth and
Sixth streets, Philadelphia.
A Concert will he held in the Mission
School House, on Wednesday and Thursday
evening, December I3th and 14th.
THE WAY TO GROW RICH,
Practice Economy,
Look after small
things. The big ones
will take care of them
selves. Happiness sel
dom comes with for
tunes made at one
hazardous stroke,or a
gambling speculation
AND
the magnificent struc
ture is reared etonr
by stone. No man
can
ENJOY HAPPINESS
who is reckless in his
dealing. A Dol'ar
■oved in judicious ex
penditure
IS
a Dollar earned. Mon
ey can be saved.
N PRACTICING ECONOMY
and seleeting from
our new and exten
sive assortmentof Fall
AND
Wiuter Clothing for
Men’s, Youths, Bovs’
and Children’s wear.
Bear this in mind
when
PURCHASING YOUR CLOTHES
that this splendid
Stock has been pre
pared nod finished by
Skillful Workmen, of
the finest and best
materials, made up in
the most substantial
manner, and in the
latest Styles, at the
weli-unown economi
cal prices
OF
the cheapeat, best,
and, to the purchas
er, most Satisfactory
Clothing House in
Philadelphia.
Bennett Co., f u»lf_w»r between
618 Minn 8t, 1 F,flL1*?h o,
Pnuciuiit i Slx,h Street..
Jnly 21-’71
External Cancers Positively Cured.
Cancers cured externally without internal
medicines or the use of surgical instru
ments.
The most satisfactory references can be
given. No charge without a cure is ef
fected.
Will remain in Bridgeton for six weeks
only. Dr. H. S. Lachman,
at Davis Son’s Hotel, Bridgeton.
CURTIS OGDEN.
Late of the Arm of Ogden A Hyatt, ha, resumed the
position formally held by him as Chief of Cu.tom
Department of Wenamaker k Brown’s Oak Hall
Clothing House, Not. 1, 3, 6,7,8,11 and 13, South 6th
8t., Philadelphia, where he will be very happy to re
ceive his friends of Cumberiaud And adjacent coun
ties, assuring them that he ia better prepared than
ever before te accommodate the wishes of the most
particular peraon. WanamAker It Brown have nev
er had such a Large and Elegant Stock of Goods in
the piece to order from. Prices very moderate.—
Samples with easy rules for self-meaauremeut, sent
by mail, when written fer. nor 19-4t
~"CAPTAIN JAMES GALLAGHEE
Steamboat Captain, of Pittsburgh. Pa., write*: “The
inventor of Mischlir’s Hkrb Bitters is a benefactor
to the human race. I was a vtctim to the worst form
of Dyspepsia: my health failed to such An extent
that my physicians pronounced me incurable. I had
used all sorts of remedies and even took a voyage to
California; but nothing relieved me. When Mish
tia’a Hkrb Bittirs was recommended I refused to
use it; but my friends insisting, I at last yielded. I
am thankfnl that I did so, for it cured me, and I am
now as well, hale and strong as I was fifteen years
ago.”
MALilllKL).
On Saturday, Dec, 2nd Inst., at the Methodist
Parsonage, Fairton, by Key. S. Townsend, Mr.
ADONIKAM J.-SHEPPARD, to Miss JANE M
HITCHNER, both of Cedarville, N. J.
In Port Norris, on the 2nd of December, by the
the pastoral residence, Mr.
AMBROSE P. GARRISON, late of Salem county,
to Miss EMMA D. COX, all of Heislerville, Cumb.
county, N. J.
On Wednesday evening, Nov. 22nd at the Bap
tist parsonage, Dividing i reek, by the Rev. Ellis
L. Stager, Mr. MARK L. ORR, to Miss LIZZIE,
[laughter of John Carll, Esq.
DIED.
The relatives and friends are invited to attend
her funeral from the residence of her husband
on Cohansey street, on Saturday afternoon at 2 1
o’clock; services at TrlnltyChurch.
In Hopewell, Nov. 27tli, WM. G„ son ol John and
Mary Jane Harvey, aged 5 months. i
GIFTS OF HARDWARE-Table Cutlery, with
Ivory, Ivoryide, rubber end other handle*, and
plated blade.; Children's Knives and Forks, Pocket
Knives, Scissors in sets, Rasors. Tiny Pocket Knives,
Scissors, Raiors, Hatchets, Pincers,, etc., for watch
'harms; Roxes and Chests of Tools, from $1 to $15;
Patent Tool Handles, (20 miniature tools in them);
Boys’ Ladies’ and Genu Skates; Clothos Wringers
'they'll Siva thsjr cost in clothing and time); Carpet
Sweepers, Furniture Lifters, sits of Parlor and
Field Croqnet, miniature Garden Toole, Carpet
Stretchers, l’iated Spoons, Fork* and Nut Picka,
Spica and Cake Boxea, Tea Bells and Spring Call
Bella. Nut Crackers, Tea Trays and Waiters, Patent
Ash Sifters, (pay for themselves in coal ssved), Or
aamenul Bracket*. Gentleman’s Blscking Stools,
Boys’Sleds. Apple Parers, and Cherry Stoning Ma-
thinee. Patent Nntmeg Graters, snd a general varie
iy of useful Housekeeping Hsrdware, Cutlery,
fools, Ac For sale by
TRUMAN A SHAW
N’o.t&A (EightTkirty-Av.) MaaxsTstreet
Below Ninth,Philadelphia.
NOTICE OF DISSOLUTION.
THE partnership heretofore existing under
the firm ef Davit k Lupton, in the Boot and
JhoeBuaine* was devolved by mutual ooosent. on
December 1st, 1071. All perspas living unsettled
iccounts with the above firm will please call at the 1
»ld stand, where the book* will m charge of Aaron
Davis until the fifteenth of January 1872, at which
date they will be placed in the hands of a justice i
for collection DAVIS k LUPTCN.
Thankful for past patronage the subscriber would
’espectfoJly solicit a continuance of the same.
Dec. 8 AARON DAVIS.
1 J 9 C
Advice to our Readers—patronize Wana- 5
maker Brown’s Oak Hall.
F AIE i
AND
F E S T IV A L

Will be held in flic
ACADEMY, at SIIILOH, N. J.,
Wednesday and Thursday, Dec. Id and 14.
There will he
A.W A.HT GAIiLEHY j
flitted up with taste, and made inviting for all.
H 03 2a 5.33 03* 5^21
To entertain and please.
X* EPHUSHMlSEirTS,
Oaken. Confectionery. Ice Cream, Oysters. See.
SUPPER Each Evening, from 5 to So'clock.
Doors open at 2 o’clock. P. M., each day.
ADMISSION. 15 cents: Onildren, 10; Season Tick
•ts, 20; Supper Tickets, 5p. Proceed* to be appro
printed for painting ami furnishing the building.—
fho Committee hope to make this featiwil surpass
all fheir previous effort*. The public are invited,
dec S-lt By ordei of the Committee.
LAMPS! LAMPS! LAMPS!
AROAND LAMP!
In calling attention to the New Patent Argand
Lamp, the following advantages may be be men
tioned:
1 A Bright and verv Steady Light.
2 No percept ibis variation hi quality or amount of
light until the oil is *11 consume
3 The Lamp will burn from 12 to 15 hours with
once tilling
4 The oil being kept at a considerate distance j
from the burner, takes away the danger of exalo- j
f»ion
5 The Lamp can be filled without removing either
burner, chimney or shade, with perfect safety, while
burning.
G Being all metal, the Lamp will not break and
the oil explode in ease of being knocked over.
The Lamps are made with an adjustable stand, so
as to allow of the reservoir being raised and low
ered, as may be desired.
Also* complete and very large stock of all kinds
of lamps, Chandeliers.|Brnekets, Burners Best An
nealed Chimneys, Wick Lanterns, Ac., Wholesale
and Retail.
C. D. MAQUEEN,
48 South Second Street, Philadelphia.
dec 8-3m T J-J S
House for Sale.
AHOUSK situated ou Giles Street. 3rd
ward, City of Bridgeton. House on n. Sigaj
wining six rooms, with enelosed shed Wid lie
so d at a bargain it applied r soon. For fu-intr
particulars call on
Dec. S 1 mo._W. G. BROOKS.
Chicago ITS Destruction.
A full and Complete history of Chicago, her past
P'Yr”, *,n(1 fVu7- wi.th graphic scene;. inci,ferns
and tulldetatls of t e disaster hy Geo P. Upton and
.J W.ahaehan. editors of Tr,k„„.s w..i
over 400 pages, and 50 Illustrations. It i«
now ready lor delivery
AGENTS W&NTED.™".*'?";’,"";
L'"'°n Publishing Co., Chicago, Hior Phila
delphia. Pa.
SCHOOL KV’S
MOUNTAIN SEMINARY
FOR BOTH SEXES,
A thorough ami superior School in ell its appoint
pomum-nu with moderate prices.
Opens Jan. ‘4.
CONDURANGO!
BLISS, KEEN Co.'s Fluid Estraet,
The wondertul r-meiy lor Cancer, Sy-nhilU.
Balt 2h*’ U1C*fS,‘,e»lmouaryCompialn«s,
Salt Khuni,and all t-hranlc Blood Diseases
is prepared (tom the Genuine Condurango
Bar from l-"ja, Equador, secured by the assist
ance ot the authorities of that country, it is the
most effective prompt and certain alierntive and
mln^o,IlUr,Kflerk'10*n- S!'ld bv all Drtiggtata in
SSa-0tthav!?K lhera nur name, trade mark
and directions. Send for a circular. OffieandLali
oratory, No. 00 Cedar St, N. Y.
SOth. YEAH
NEW YORK OBSERVER,
$o per Annum, ineluding Year Book for 1&72.
s Y DNE Y E MORSE, Jr, Co,
c a t*?.1* Row’ Kew York.
SAM P L E COPI E S FREE.
UNIVERSALISM.
'°.T.~ree c°Py of the CHRISTIAN
F a ia weekly journal, published
by the New 1 ork Stale Convention of Univeranlists
and con taming the Sermons of Dr. E. H. CHA
c H HIK’r'i's”r r- Address. Publi-dier
N“vY„TrLACI,yf'ADEK’ laSS Roadway,
u/nnn’Q iiou?EHoL,i> magazine is
IIUUU t) ottered tree during the coming year
to every subscriber ot Merry’s Museum, the Toledo
Blade, Pomeroy’s Democrat, etc., which is an evt
denceot its worth and popularity. Horace Greeley.
.fames_Parton,_Theodore Tilton. Gail Hamilton, etc..
write for every number. In clubbing, it offers three
first-claw periodicals tor the price of oue of them
A variety of premiums on equally liberal terms It
is an original, first-class magaaine. Volume X be
gins with Jan, 1872. Thre^^pechnet^opiesfree.
Address 8. S. WOOD. Newburgh, N. Y.
OVER ONE HUNDRED PAGES,
Printed in Two Colors on surerb Tinted Pai-br.—
Four Hundred Engravings of Flowers, Plants and
Vegetables, with Descriptions,and
TWO COLORED PLATES.
Directions and plans for making Walks, Lawns,
Gardens. Ac. The handsomest and best FLORAL
GUIDE in the World. All for Ten Cents to
those who think of buying Seeds. Not a quarter the
cost. 200,000 sold of 1871. Address,
_JAMES VICK, Rochester, N. Y.
DPTCP’Q The r>ec*No>Price ^c” h*810
I L I LM O pieces Vocal and Instrumental Pi
ano Music, worth $4 in -heet form
We will mail two back Nos. for 50c
■■maiab i four for 90 c or Jan. to Dec 1871,
Ml \irAI for $2 (regular price,$3 Bound
IIIUWIuHb copies for 1871, gilt silesand edg
es, $5. The Music is bv Hays
Thomas, Kinkle. Gouno<3, etc.—
MflMTlI! VAddres/J- PETERS,599 Bro«d
UvJ H I II L I way, N. Y..P. O. Box 5429
L I
A compound oi Uticcit-™ MlAcktiovvl
ged best promoter of thenrmclh and beautn
the hair Jtfs. BCBNEfl 4 C5„ Boston. Mass.
&Qiq by alt druggists. Beware of imitations.
Drain tiles pipe.
The Very Best in Use.
Made from Superior Clav. thoroughly burned. Are
entirely FROST PROOF.
Send lor circulars to
C. W. BOYNTON «fc CO.,
Woodbricge, N- J.
fr/OP A MONTH! Horse furnished. Ex
4)4/0 pen*es paid. H. B. SHAW, Alfred, Me
AGEHTS XV anted.—Agents make mere mo
ney at work for us than at anything else—
business light and permanent. Particulars fre« G
Stinsox Co., Fine Art Publishers, Portlahd. Maine
AVOID QUACKS.—a victim of early indis
cretion. <*«u sing nervous debility, premature
ieeay,4c., having tried in vain every advertised
remedy, has discovered a simple means of self.
iure, which he will send to his fellow-sufferers. Ad
Ireas J. H, Reeves, TS Nassau Street. N. Y.
THIRTY YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
in the treatment of
Chronic and Sexual Diseases.
A Physiological View of Marriage.
The cheapest book ever published—containing
learly three hundred pages, and one hundred and
hirty fine plates and engravings of the anatomy of
he human organs in a state of health and disease,
vith a treatise on early errors; its deplorable conse
luences npon the mind and body, with the author’s
>lan of treatment—the only rational and successful j
node of cure, as shown by a report of cases treated.
1 truthful adviser to the married and those content*
dating marriage, who entertain doubis of their
ihvsical condition. Sent free of postage to any ad
Irtss, on receipt of twenty-Sve cents in stamps or
►ostal currency, by addressing Dr. LA CROIX, No.
l Maiden Lane,Albany, N. Y. The author mav be
onsulted upon any of Die diseases upon which" the
•00k treats, either personally or by mail, and medi
ines sent to any part of the world," dec 8*4t
GREAT INDUCEMENTS^ j
FOR THIRTY DAYS!
Gent’s Hats and.Caps from Fifty Cents to a Five y
)olJar Beaver, Ladies’Hats and Bonnets Trimmed r
r Made to Order. Gent’s and Ladies’ Furs in all H
he fashionable styles, far below city prices. Fur
ishing Goods and Gloves for all ages and both sexes j
All our Kid Gloves are warranted.
Come here for Bargains. We have resolved to re- 'j
uce stock and c
SELL OUT OUR BUSINESS,
enable one to retire to the peaceful quiet of do
lestic life, and the other to devote more energy to
be development of the uew town el Bellevue. This
j pqe of the best changes ever offered in South Jer.
ey, and will be sold on eu°y terms. Would not ob* f
jot to exchange for good country or city property
a whole or in part. b
RUTH A. FIN LAW. GKO. W FINLAW. A
»ov‘24-tf 39 Commerce St,. Bridgeton. r
SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
[N a desirable location, on Bank Street, I
Bridgeton. N J.,receqtly occupied by 'I
ary Flanagic, dec., t:
iOt Large and Hou e and Barn
In Good Repair.
’rice moderate and payments easy. Apply to
JAMES H. FLANAGIN.
JAMES GLASPEY,
Executors. b
If not sold by Saturday. Dec. 16th, 1571, it will be w
ffered on that day at Public Hale, at C. O. Davis 4 a<
on’s hotel, in Bridgeton, at 2 o’clock P. M when p
ondi'ion* will be made kn<*wu by the executors, e
nov 10-71
THE
SATURDAY EVENING POST
HALE A CENTURY OLD.
ENTIRELY NEUTRAL IN POLITICS.
A W©w Departure.
Th*» *iz**. of Thic PpsT ha* recently h«en enlarged
fully ONE-THlflD, (containin2 48 column*,) and it i
now both the
Largest and the Cheapest of the Family Papers.
I* will contain Novelet*. Illu-tnited Stories Sketch
es Poetiy. An.-wer* to Corre-pondei.t.-, etc, by the
ABLEST WRITERS
that can he procured—including Mr.-. Henrv Wood,
PU'hor of “Kagt Lynne.” Mr.-. Marenret Hosmer.
Amanda M. Douglas. Burr Thornburv. Lila Wheeler
August Kell. Ulio .'tanlev. Captain Carufg, Lillie
Ilevereux Blake, Z g,’» Mrs. Fanny H. Keudge,
Mr--. M L. 8. Burke, Kljf-n B. Kexford, «*te., etc.—
4Srii will be entirely Neutral in politic®.
New Koitlefs Constantly Published.
New Novelets and Stories, long and short, ore be.
ing continually published Subscrif lions Therefore,
cau begin at almost any time.
NEWS OF THE WEEK.
As onr cnUrped paper will afford us the room. I
wo stiall devote about a column in every number to
h summary of (he most important ami interesting
news ul the week.
_ 1
TEBMS.-Sa.50 a year: Four conies, $G
Ivizht copies (and one gratis), $ia.-one eopv of me
FosT ({;.50) and one ol the l.ady’s Friendfor
Address.
1I.PETRRS0N& CO..
_ 819 Wainut Street, Phiiadeipuia.
IU~specimen copies sent free.
INSURE YOUR DWELLINGS
IN THE
Agricultural Insurance
COMPANY,
OF W.4 TEKTOWV, W. Y.
Assets, $635,792 12.
“One of our Beat Companies.”—William
Bakxes, State Supt. Ins. Dept.
It did not lose one dollar in the Chicago
Fire. It never lost over four thousand dol
lars in any one Fire. It is confined by its
CIIAK1 ER to insure |nothing more hazard
ous than detached residences, and farm
property.
It pays all losses caused by fire, or dam
age done by lightning, whether fire ensues
or not.
R 'S. REYNOLDS,
General Agent for Southern New Jersey.
HENRY NEFF, Agent,
Office on Commerce Street, betwen Pearl and
Bank, Bridgeton.
dec. 8-4t
PROSPECTUS FOR 1872!
THE LADY’S FRIEND.
The publishers of the Lady’s Friend have oondu
r^duc« ‘ta Price to single subscribers from
$2 50 10 $2—the prices to clubs, (already very low)
remaining the same. J
The following novelets, with the usual variety of
short stories, are announced for 1F7*.’. Mrs Wood’s
story will run throngn the whole year
WITHIN THE MAZE; or, LADY AN
DINNIAN’S TRIAL.
By Mrs. HENRY WOOD, author of “East Lynne
etc.
UNA AND HER LIONS.
By Miss A. L. MUZZY. author of “One Woman’s
Experience,” Jealousy,” etc*, etc.
Q.UEEN COQ.UETTA.
By DA18Y VENTNOR, author «f “Prince Charm
ing,” ect.
ONLY A WISH.
By A M. DANA, author of “Jarring Chords,” etc
MISSION WORK.
By Mrs. MARGARET HOSMKR, author of “A
Turn in Fortune’s Wheel.”
AN EVERY-DAY’ HEROINE.
By AMANDA DOUGLAS, author of “Solid Silver,”
“A Little Money,” etc
ENGRAVINGS!—The engravings of the La
dy s Friend are of a very superior character. Thev
embrace beautiful pictures ot subjects which touch
the sentiments and affections, illustrations of our
.Novelets and Slones, illustrations of the fashions
(including cuts irorn which patterns for almost any.’
thing can be ordered at a low price,) illustrations of
Ladies’ lancy Work,etc.
MUSIC.—a piece of the latest and most fashion
able Music accompanies each number. The Music
is of itself worth the price of ihe magazine.
In short, l’he Lady’s Friend aims to be, and its
proprietors think it is. the most Kefined, Beautiful
and interesting of the Magazine*—being in Cover
Engravings, and Contents just what a lady’s maga
zine should be.
TERMS.—$3 a year: Four Copies, $6; Eight
copies (and one gratis), $13.—One copv of the La
dy’s Friend ($2) and one of the Post ($2 50) for $4
Address,
DEACON PETERSON,
No. 319 Walnut Street Philadelphia.
*3“Single numbers 20 cents.
POPULAR LECTURE,
Dr. GLEASON,
OF PHILADELPHIA.
!,n AMUSING, SCIENTIFIC and IN
STRUCTIVE LECTURE, at
GrROSSCUP’S HALL
At BRIDGETON, on.
Monday Evening, lire. 1 l(h,
On the
Organs of Locomotion and Expression—
Beauty of the Human Form and
Face; how to Cultivate
and Preserve them.
The whole subject will be illustrated with his an
rivalled anatomical cabinet, costing about 825.H00 in
Paris. Seats Fr*e. dec I 2t
Guardian’s Sale.
BY virtue of an Order of the Orphan’s Court of
the County of Cumberlend, will be sold at
Public Sale, at the Hotel of C. O Davis A Son, Bridge
on. N.J.,
On SATURDAY, December 30th, 1871,
U the hour of 2 o’clock in the afternoon, the follow
ng described Lot of Land, late the property of
John H. Westcott, now deceased, situate in the vil
lage of Cedarville, in said county, and described as
follows:—Beginning at a stone for a corner, which is
ilso a corner of lands of Charles Stathem, in the
mnlrn mum A t...
Newport, thence down the road south 4 degrees
?ast, 101 feet to a corner; thence north 48% degrees
past.running a little to the northwest of a large mul
berry tree standing at the bottom of the door yard,
132 feet to a corner in the line of land belonging to
be heirs of Isaac Conner; thence nor h 41% degrees
vest 117% feet to a none corner of Daniel Adams’
land; thence south 46% degrees west 1C7 feet to a
corner ol the said Stathem land; thence south 41%
iegrees past 16% feet to a stone also a corner of saiu
Stathern's land; thence south 4»% degrees west 165
eet to the place of beginning, containing 8t>.2!7 feet
Jf land more or less.
M RY D. W ESTCOTT,
Guardian of minor children of said John H. West
:ottj_ dec 1 is
Water, Cold and Sparkling.
THE TUBE WELL
IS THE
BEST l\ THE WORLD.
I sm now inserting the Tube Well with
E*. A. Mack’s Filter.
Phe Best and Only reliable kind in this part of the 1
country.
VAKRANTEP TO GIVE SATISFACTION.
Price, $1.30 per foot, I’niup extra.
iddress
EDW. K. BRICK, Vineland, N. J.
nov 17 tim t
Dr. Thomas Sturdivant.
>f Millville, New Jersey, permanenty cures Asthma,
Irouchitis. Ineipiant Consumption, Shortness of
Ireath, Loss of Voice, Catarrh ol all kinds and all
iseases of the Throat and Lungs, Poisonous Dis
ases of the Blood, Urinary Diseases, Kidney and 1
kin Diseasew, Ringing in the Ears, Dyspepsia,’Drop- J
y, Piles, Rheumatism, fccrofula, Nervous Debility,
roducing great weakness ol both body and mind,
nd Diseases of the Eye and Ear, Ac.
Persons suffering with any diseases not mentioned
thib card must remember
Dr. T. STURDIVANT
reatsall diseases, and will visit the sick day and
ight. His office hours are from 7 to 9 mornings, 3
4 afternoons, 7 to 9 evenings.
mar3I’71-y ji
Notice of Dissolution.
rHE partnership existing under the firm of Gar-
rison Watson in the Dry Goods and Grocery i,
Lismess, was dissolved on the 31s* of October, 1871. v
11 persons indebted to the above-named firm are
fquesicd to call on D. F. Garrison, who has the p
ooks in charge.
The business will be continued at the old stand No.
WM Commerce SL by D. F. Garrison and John 1
upton, under the firm of Garrison A Lupton.—
hankful for past favors a continuance of public pa- T
onege is solicited. dec 1-if
Board of Freeholders.
A N Adjourned Meeting of the Board of Chosen
Ia. Freeholders of the County of Cumberland will I
9 neld at the Alms House, on Wednesday, the thir r
lenth day of December next, at Hi o’clock, A M., T
hen a new Steward of the Alms House will be cho
m,and such other business transacted as may be b
resented. Application for Steward can be forward-
I by any member of the Board. ti
‘lec l-2t A. WOODRUFF, Clerk.
CLOSING OUT SALE
m.’ Mw-- v#
OF
READV-RABE
si* l tv Si I)t.
CLOT IMNG,
AT s;\r
Excelsior Hall,

S. E. corner Second and Market Streets,
t fl'- #»rurL
4 a JhC
PHILADELPHIA.
i
$200,000 WORTH
OF
*4
Men and Bov s Clothing
k
TO BE r
Closed Ont Immediately*
Our Stock is comprised of all grades of Clo
thing, from the Stout "Working Coat
----J bv...WO
man may desire.
2789 OVERCOATS,
3228 SACK COATS,
3108 DERBY COATS,
3209 CHESTERFIELDS,
3448 SKATING. JACKETS,
6151 PANTS,
4255 VESTS,
2999 BOY’S SUTTH,
A LARGE STOCK OF
Gentlemen’s Furnishing Goods.
REMEMBER,
THIS STOCK MUST BE SOLD!
We will not carry it.
COME EARLY SECURE BARGAHTS.
XBest attention paid to Customers clnrine the pro
gresa or OUR GREAT SALE.
Edwards Lawrence;
Grand Combination.
Telegraph Office, Telegraph
Cigar Store, and Bird
and Cage Em
porium,
Commerce St., three doors above Pearl,
BRIDGETON, N. J.
A FINE LOT OF
German Canary Birds!
BIRD CAKES
Of Every Description, Seed, <fcc., Ac.
A
FINE SINGING CANARY BIRDS
MAKES THE
BEST KIND OF HOLIDAY GIFT.
Young Man Remember the Ladies when Christmas
comer.
Special Notice to Smokers!
Come and Try My Fine Imported a»d
Domestic Cigars,
A Chotce Imported Cigar for 10, 15, 18, 20 and 25
^enta. which I guaroutae to be a Clear Havana Cigar
[imported.)
My FIVE CENT VARA and all DOMESTIC CI
GARS, SMOKING TOBACCO, PIPES, Ac., I need
out a*k you to try them and you will be convinced
Ley are the best in the city.
A FINE SELECTION OF
Real .Tleergcliauin Pipes aud
Tubes
Which are Warranted, and for aale,cheap BRIiR
°IPEs, FINE GUI CHEWING, and .all kinds of
’HEWING and SMOKING TOBACCO, constantly on
land. J
WANTED
iOO Male Red Birds, aud Grey Squirrels.
R. D. BORDEN,
Operator and Proprietor,
telegraph Othee, Commerce Si., 3 doora above Pearl
nov 2I-6t
PHbi7ic sale
OF
REAL ESTATE.
Will be sold at Public Sale, at C. O. Davis A Son's
Totel, Bridgeton, N. J.,
On. Seventh-day, the 23d of Vith Mo. (Dec.),
At i o’clock, P. M. No. 1 is a
VAXaTTABIiE FARM.
“tuate in Greenwich ‘ownship, Cumberland County,
>n the public road leading in Stathatn's Neck, about
hree miles from (Greenwich, containing one han
ded acres, nearly all of whieh is in a good state of
nltivation, suitable for grain or grass. The 1m
irovements are a
TWO AND A HALF STORY HOUSE,
ately been repaired with slate roof, containing eight
corns and bat k shed, with pump in a well of excel
ent w-tter; crib house, nearly new, with slate roof
tnd wing attached: three barns, one nearly new,
vith slate roof, the other two in good lepair: also a
enant house in one corner of the farm; app'e or
chard with selected fruit. The above farm is well
trained with tile and manured for the last few years-;
s within one mile of a good school, one and a quart
er miles from the Vineland Railway, which runs
lirect to New York city, and three from Greenwich,
rherea steamer leaves twice a week for Philadel
>hia.
No. 2 is a lot adjoining No. 1, containing one aere,
rith a one and a half story house, with four rooms,
n<l a well of good water in the rear.
Persons wisliing to se<» the above property can do
0 by calling on Richard Terry residing on No. 1,
lark Harmer, Greenwich,or the subscriber, Bridge
in. N- J. Terms will be made easv, as but a small
ortion of the purchase money will b$ wanted. Con
itions made known on day of sale by
nov 24’.s MORRIS GOODWIN, fr., Trustee.
E A. E M
■OR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
The subscriber offers for sale or ex
change for a small farn or house
[JiT and lot in Bridgeton, the farm onlKp^
which William Loper resides, in
lit! lStoe Creek township, Cumberland County,
within a short distance of the New Jersey
JUthern and West Jersey Railroads. Said farm
m tain s
74 Acres of Land,
1 a good state of cultivation, with good buildings;
ood Apple and Peach Orchards in hearing. The
nd is well adapted for grain, grass or trncfa;. This
rm is handy to churches, schools and stores, and
ill increase in value. It will fee sold at a
ithout much money, ur exchanged for a houseand
t in Bridgeton. The property will b9 shown by
m. Loper, residing on the premises, or by apx>|Y
g to E, Loper, any Saturday, at WoCdstown, Salem
lunty, N. J. nov24-tf
'ARMS! 'FARMS'!
pHREE FARMS at PRIVATE SALE, in Graaa
L wiah township, Cumberland Oquutj, near tha
InelandKailwar. Enquire of
MORRIS GOODWIN, jr., Trostee,
eept 27 tf _ EtrirlgHtoo.N.
DJOURNEO SHERIFF'S SALE.
HHE sale of Real Estate of Jacob M. Shoogh,
L deu., taken in execution at the suit of John
olmes,etal, plaiutifls, stands adjourned until bat
day, ihe 23 day of December uext, at the same
Tie and place.
dec Us ENOCH IIANTHORN.Sheri^