I__
DAILY PRESS,
POBTIaAJfD"
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER U, lb71.
XboNlatv null Ihe Railroad*.
We arc glad to see a tendency on the part
of our contemporaries to join with us in re
sisting at the Beginning the proposition to
stimulate the growth of monopolies and in
sure the organization of corrupt lobbies by
granting the aid of the State in constructing
railroads. The Aroostook road ought to be
built, and if any emerptise is to be aided by
appropriations from the public funds, that
road undoubtedly ba3 tbe first claim, and the
Eastern Shore road the second. But in both
these cases probably—certainly in the first_
the inducements are sufficient to make the
Investment of private capital enough to build
the road, with the aid given by Bangor and
other towns, morally certain. .Unlike the Eu
ropean North American road, it is not a
question of lile or death whether it gets ex
traordinary consideration or not. The Rock
land Free Press of this week makes the fol
lowing judicious remarks on the general sub
ject:
Leaning always, as we trust, to liberality in
whatever will tend to promote Ihe develop
ment of our State, we are decidedly of tbe
opinion tbat there is sufficient latitude for
credit in railroad building belore demanding
that of the State. There is force in the ar
gument of the Press tbat such a policy would
expose our legislation to all tbe arts of specu
lators, applied to lobby tlieir pet schemes
through. Such would inevitably be one of
its evil consequences. Tbe Legislature would
become a scene of strile iu which section
would he pitted against section,corrupting in
fluences would be brought into use, and the
State would be liable to become involved and
suffer by impaired credit. Each claim pre
sented will find some plausible argument in
its support, and behind each will stand the
wolfish SDecu.alor. readv to nminne nmn l.ia
prey at the first opportunity.
The recent progress ol our State in (he cou
•truetion of railroads has been satisfactory,
asd as rapid as is healtby, perhaps. If we
trust to the resources now available, it will
allow fully enough •xpansion upon credit.
The State motto should be regarding rail
roads, friendliness to all—entangling alliances
with none. Any other policy will be the sig
nal for a scramble to see who shall get the
greatest share of plunder.
This ground is safe, as a rule, though we
would not deDj that exceptional cases might
arise in which public interests might demand
a departure from it. Such, perhaps, was the
North American and European Railroad,
though the claims of that were more legiti
mately against the natiou than the State.
Sib Chables Dilke, the English member
of Parliament who, it is said, would become
toe first President of the British Republic, ii
the Radicals should carry their point, is only
28 years old. He is the editor of the Athenae
um. When interviewed recently by a news
paper correspondent he said that in his opin
ion when the time came to change the form
of government the House of Commons would
do the work by simply refusing to voce sup
plies and to {renew the Mutiny act. The En
glish sovereign is not, like our American
President, c-a; officio commander-in-chiet of
the army, but is made so every year by the
formality of the renewal of the Mutiny act
by Parliament. A refusal on the part ol
Parliament to take the usual course would,
therefore, leave the monarch helpless, and he
could only undertake to direct the', army
against the legislative body by putting himsell
in a position similar to that of Charles I.
When will Maine fairly recover from the
•baking up that the solemnities of the late
opening of the European North American
railroad gave it? The consequences seem in
terminable. There are several Democratic
editors of the red-hot school who have not
yet recovered from the “turn” given them by
the speech of that jovial Congressman from
.1. \t.
uu Awiuuiurfja nau.
Speaking of the growth of facilities for inter
communication between nations, and the
cheerful progress of international comity,—
the breakiug down of barriers to trade and
■oeial intercourse in our own country and
elsewhere,—he remarked that ‘State hues
aro to be wiped out.” And “Ihe American
Ctesar”(that’s Grant) beard1witb seeming ap
proval! This, say tbe Democratic alarmists,
means centralization. Mr. Peters formally
anounces a determination to overthrow the
Republic! It is too bad, isn’t it?
It has come atJjjjtl Out Wiscasset leliar
Written by one orthe most eminent citizens
of that town, tells the whole story! Gen
Butler, not content with being king of
the Gloucester codfishers and captain-general
of all the Massachusetts malcontents, has
come down to Maine to steal the hearts of our
citizens. Presently, no doubt, we, too, shall
begin to howl for a a war with England, to
decry gold and silver and demand unlimited
greenbacks, aud, in short, to do and believe
whatsoever things Butler wills. But we can
tell him that in spite »t bis “courtesy,” ability
and general impressiveness, there be some
who will resist Butlerism and its work for
many moons yet.
A gentleman writes to the Portland Press,
telling of a beautiful butterfly which he
caught one day and then severed its head
irom its body. The head acted as if it was
alive more than twenty hours, and the body
hved about sixty hours alter decapitation.
The gentleman wishes an explanation of
these phenomena, and may be glad to hear
that the butterfly didn’t know enough to die,
in fact it never kuew that it was alive, aud
had no more consciousness or flying about
than the pupil of the eye has of contracting.
—A. 1. World.
Exactly. Just the situation of the Demo
cratic party, which continues to meander
feebly about, though the late overturn ia
New York deprived it of its head and all its
vital organs.
More Radical Plundering.” The Ox
ford Megister has ‘.‘struck oil.” An enterpris
ing correspondent of that paper has discover
ed that there is “an Augusta Tammany,” aud
that through its corrupt agency Win. B. Lap
ham, a brother-in-law Of the Governor, has
been appointed to superintend the building of
the new Hospital Chapel. This Chapel is to
be built under a contract by a member of the
Council, who is: also, the correspondent al
leges, auditor of accounts. Now the superin
tendent has laid a foundation for the chapel
at a cost of a thousand dollars which has
proved a failure. “Of course,” says the Reg
ister, the auditor will make it all fair weath
PV* an/) fknna —.III L- _ i 1
w uiuv,u xu33 tu me
State. There’s vigilance for you! Not only
are frauds that have been committed dragged
to light, but our eagle eyed Democrats pounce
upoD those that may or can be committed
“of course.”
Appbopbiateness is the salient feature of
the Bangor Democrat's “leader” this week.
It is headed “The Descent to Hell.” It was
written after the election ret urns were received,
and must relate to the probable destinatiou
of the Democratic party. It is backed by
more than half a column of reminiscences of
the Virgilian trip to the mfernal regions, and
it is a fair inference that our Conservative
friends intend to follow the route first survey
ed by the adventurous son of the Cyprian
goddess.
Trre Maine Standard expresses the opinion
that Senator Trumbull of Illinois will make
as good a candidate for the Democrats to vote
for next year as Chief Justice Chase. It
says elsewhere that the result of the fall elec
t.ons does not discourage the Democrats, but
this turning to even a Conservative Kep,b
lican torjsalvation shows clearly enough that
so far at least as the Standard is concerned
hope is entirely gone.
Thu American coirespondents, who are in
troducisg the system of interviewing in Eu
rope, already boast among their victims, kings,
popes, emperors, princes and the great ones
of earth. Parson Spurgeon is ;the only man
•o far who has refused to submit to their de-
*“ands. He declares that “if the American
J3n_,™ ?f. lriterviewing is to be introduced in
tim.” he Sbal1 take paius t0 be its last vie- t
It was onlvTa.i... 7 i
fc press of Maine liiLTi! th*f tbe Demoerat- g
to sing the praise 0f aw T°'Ce ln ful1 cborus r
months ago it waxed red v“-!BalL Tbree t
defense and only cooled down’" Tammani’8 f
the World,was unable to stem Ion ment0r’
rent of popular feeling,. Now itden^ *he CUI"
rascalities of the rinn in enounces the u
manner. They must be careSl or a
bets of the ring are ,0 last desertin* a elnT'f 8
Tammauy that it has alreadv °1 b k t,f
cal name. Mavnr win-J^become a mytbi
tsady borne a lar« i 8 °®lce ‘f°or has al' r
a large placard; “The Downfall I
of Tammany.” One must not be surprised to
team that the veritable Oakev Hall is already
in the front rank of the Reformers and that
Boss Tweed has applied for the vacant place
in the “Committee of Seventy.” These fel
lows are elastic and the Maine Democracy
may soon Ire apologizing for a mere tradition.
The journals opposed to universal suffrage
make great haste to announce-the fact that
Mrs. Miller, one of the few women allowed
to vote in New York Tuesday, voted the
Tammany ticket, with a wise look ol “We
told you so.” This may be a powerful argu
ment against woman suffrage, but it appears
that Mrs. Miller was satisfied with voting
once while scarcely a dozen times satiated the
inordinate desire of the male Tammauites.
How small the anticipations of the Maine
Standard must have been! With the proof
before it that the Republicans made gains on
Tuesday in every State where elections were
held but New Jersey, it says, “As a whole the
result is bettertJiaa we eipecied.”
Political Note*
Of the 00 counties in New York 40 threw
Republican, and 14 threw Democratic majori
ties. The State outside of New York and
Kings county (Brooklyn,) gave 57,577 Repub
lican majority. New York threw 28,500 and
Kings 9,500 Democratic majority—leaving a
clean Republican majority of 19,577.
One of the happy results of the New York
election is that only filty-seven Republican
members of Assembly will need be elected
next year to ensure a ltepublicau United
States Senator. As nothing but an earth
quake says the Albany Journal, can prevenl
us from electing more than fifty-seven, tbal
point may be considered secure.
Rev. W. W. Dow, of Waterford, has ac
cepted a call from the church in Wichendon
Certre, Mass.
We understand that the Universalist society
of West Newton, Mass., have decided to ex
tend a call to the Rev. Amory Battles of Ban
gor.
Rev. S. P. Smith will leave Maine for hi!
new home in Claremont, Vt., next week, and
will preach in the Universalist.church in thal
place on the following Sunday.
The Baptist society at South Berwick have
thoroughly repaired their church] at an ex
pense of between $4000 and $5000. Tbe Con
gregatioual society are intending to erect t
vestry the coming season, which they very
much need.
Mr. Tilley, who ior the’ last fourteen year
has been tlie pastor of tbe First Baptist cburcl
of Jtfferaon, lias resigned bis charge aDd ac
cepted a call to preside over tbe Baptist soc;e
ty of S;dnoy. Mr. Tilley leaves a large circl
of friends who regret his departure,jand fee
that it will be hard to till bis place.
Tpe Baptist society at Amity dedicated tbei
new meeting bouse with appropriate services
Get. 11th. The house is a very neat and sub
stantial structure, designedly Mr. Harding, o
Portland, and cost about $2500, a part ef whicl
was provided by friends iu BaDgor, Calais, am
Houlton.
The friends of Sunday schools'^ Pittstoi
Whitefield, Chelsea and vicinity, will hold i
town association on Tuesday, Nov. 14th, at thi
meetiug house near Turner’s Corner in Nortl
Whitefield, the services to commence at tei
o’clock, A. m. The following Topics will bi
among the exercises of the day: Can the scopi
and power of the Sunday School be increased1
if so,how? Essential Qualifications of Sumla;
School work; Experience in all Department
of Sunday School work; Question Box.
The Congregational pulpit in Durham is he
lug supplied by a student trom Bowdoin Col
lege.
The Cumberland Ministerial Conference o
Congregational churches is to meet with Rev
Mr. Harris of the High Street Congregatiooa
church, Auburn, next Tueidav. Rev. Mr
Byington of Brunsirick, will preacb at tb«
above church, Tuesday evening.
Rev. H. M. Eiton, who has preached ai
Trenton, in tbe new Hall, one-fourth of the
time the past lour years, has decided to close
his labors Sunday, December 31.
Rav. J. Frank Locke has resigned thejpas
torate of the Free Baptist church at South
Berwick.
The New York Observer says: Rev. Dr.
Tenney, of Ellsworth, Me., called upon us
while in this city a few days ago, with whoa
we have held communion weekly in tbe “Ob
server” more than forty years. He is a fin<
specimen of a well-preserved physical man
through a long life of active pastoral duty and
strong intellectual labor, he is in perfect health
w*wi» >iwj i-n mo 11 nr.
The good old custom of inducting Deacon?
into office by public services has fallen intc
disuse oi late. Hut the Plymouth Church, o
this city, believes in the old way. Last Sab
bath afternoon was a time of special interesl
with them. Mr. Nathan Weston and Mr. E.
P. Brooks, having been elected to the Deacon
ship were publicly tet apart for their work.
After appropriate opening services, the Pastor,
Rev. Mosely H. Williams, gave a brief sketch
of the origin and duties of the office. Deacon
James Crie, who is the Senior Officer since
the death ot Dea. Joseph Libby, gave the right
baud of fellowship. The Church were then
requested to spend a brief interval, in silent
prayer lor the descent of the Holy Spirit, after
which the Pastor offered a prayer of Consecra
tion. Then followed the admission of four
new members—l wo by profession—and the
Communion Service.
At the last meeting of the Union Associa
tion of Congregational ministers it.was voted
to request the Rev. J. A. Douglass, of Water
ford, to observe the fil tiotblanniveraary of his
pastorate in some public and appropriate man
ner. Iu compliance with this request public
services of a very interesting character were
held in the Congregational Church at,Water
ford on Tuesday, the 7th inst. Re7. Welling
ton Newell of North Waterford presided. Rev.
Addison Blauchard of South Bridgton offered
the usual invocation, and read the hymu com
mencing,
“Come tlioa, Almighty King,”/
which was suDg by the choir. The 1231 Psalm
was then read anil prayer offered by Rev. Ed
win P. Wffsou of Bridgton. The 122d Psalm
lit part, was then read aud sung. The address
of tbe occadou was then delivered by Kev
J A. Douglass. It was a very interesting pro
duction giving an account of.tbe settlement of
the town, aud the organization of the.church
1-uv.tv ii. aiwv/. j.uc jumu^luu iiews gives an
excellent synopsis ol the address, audfisays it
was listened to with great»,intereat, and very
close attention, and steps were taken to have it
printed. The Anthem,,‘‘How.beautiful Up0U
the mountains,” was then suug, and remarks
were made by 11 jv. Earnest Borcbers of Noith
BridgtoD, Rev. Mr. Kendall of the South Wr
terford M E. Church, aud Rev. David GarlaDd
of the 2J Cong. Church in Bethel- Prayer
was then offered by T. S..Perry of Bridgtou.
“Coronatiou” was then suDg by the choir, and
the benediction pronounced by the pastor.
The clergymen present dined with Mr.
Douglass, enjoying a very pleasant and
genial time; after which several paid a visit to
the rock whereon the first minister in Water
ford was ordained well nigh a century ago.
The occasion throughout was cue of deep aud
very pleasant interest.
Rev. A. N. Lewis closed his labors as Rec
tor ol the Episcopal Parish, at Dexter, on Sun
day- last, wiih an interesting lecture to young
men. Mr. Lewis has been settled over the so
ciety between ooe aud two years, during which
time he has won the respect of our citizens,
and they regard his departure with feelings of
regret. He goes to New Haven, Conn.
Private letters from Dr. Doellinger, which
have been received at Rome,announce that the
expulsion of the Jesuits from Germany has
been definitively agreed upon in Berlin.
Rev. J. Hyatt Smith has been written to by
a brother in Wisconsin who wants to know
about some of his practices and prospects, to
which Mr. Smith replies categorically, first,
that he invites nobody to the communion ta
ble. I simply, as the Lord's servant, an
nounce ‘The Lord’s Supper’! Christ left no
invitation, no form. He gave commandment
to the disciples, ‘Do this in remembrance of
me’! Forms of invitation are all of man’s de
vising, and not of God’s appointment.
The value of church property in New York
s estimated at two hundred millions of dollars,
if which Iriuity corporation alone possesses
ifty millions.
If the Southern Claims Commission con
inues any great length of time, it will be'
ather doubtful if there really was any rebels
s the South or aDy rebellion, unless there is
ame writleu testimony to the fact. Al
:ady six thousand claims for property
tken or destroyed by federal troops have been
led, and three thousand more coming—and
1 these from true blue union men, One Car
iniai swore to his unswerving fidelity to the
deral cause, hut the official records of the
onfederacy show that he was engaged in
ippressiug Union men and loyal sentiments 1
ad engaged in blockade running.
The Brunswick Telegraph is opposed to rail- 1
aad consolidation, aud says so in a character- 1
itio article.
The Republican Part; la flfcff Vorlt. j
Iu the course of au article iu which it is
cla tued that New York is as certainly Repub
lican on a lair vote as are Maine, Massachu
setts and Ohio, the Times states the principal
cause of the defeat of the party in that State.
It says:—
\V0 have no disposition to claim the con
quest over Tammany Hall as a partisan vic
tory, albeit the leading Democratic papers of
the country were ouly a few mouths ago boast
ing ol Ujar rotten concern as being the hope
and prme ot the unterritied Democracy of the
nation. The destruction of Tammany is due
to that instinctive hatred ot thieves, and that
natural dislike to being robbed and plundered,
which is common to honest men of all parties.
IJut the election last Tuesday was something
more than a victory over Tammany. It was a
victory over the Democratic Party of the State
which for two ye us past lias maintained its as
cendency through frauds upon the ballot per
petrated by this very Tammany organization.
Au examioatiou of the vote in this city will
show that the Kepublican State ticket, which
is elected by a majority ol not less than ten
thousand, received no aid from the uprisings of
the people here against the Tammany thieves.
The regular Democratic State ticket received
within 4,000 as many votes.in this city as Huff
man received for Governor last year,"aod 3 000
more than the same ticket received iu 1809,
when, as now, no candidate for Governor was
running. The large increase in the Republi
can vote in this city—from 34,391 last year, to
54,119 this—is evidently owing, therefore, net
to accessions from the Democratic Party, but
to the fact that thousauds ol our citizens who
have pot been in the habit ot goiug near the
polls in years past, were induced to como out
this year and vote. It is safe to say that nine
ty per cent, ot this class of citizens are Repub
licans, and whenever they vote at all, vote the
Republican ticket. One of the principal rea
sons for their neglect of duty heretofore has
been the uncertainty that their votes would be
honestly couuted. An txtraordinary emergen
cy having brought them to the polls, a fact
which everybody suspected before, has now be
come evident.—that the city of New York is
not so hopelessly and ovet whelmingly Demo
cratic as is generally supposed. It is doubtful
whether on a foil vote and a fair count, the
Democratic party would have over twenty
tlousaud majority iu this city. It certainly
could not roll up aoy such majorities as it has
during the last two or three years, and which
have been the sole means through which it ha)
retained power iu the State. The uniform
gains to the Republican ticket in the country
districts prove the same thing. For years past,
fliitllianilu rural Rrntnlilip ina lioir a bunt ovxraxr
from tbe polls because they knew it would be
useless to coDteud against tbe fraudulent ma
jorities in this city, by which tbe Tammany
thieves managed lo swamp tbe State. Finding
that Tammany was not going to have every
thing its own way this year, they weteinduced
to go to tbe pulls, aud tbe result is seen in an
increase ot tbe Republican yote in almost ev
ery district m tbe State.
Gcu. Butler at Wiscaaset.
HE TAKES THE TOWN BY STORM AND IS PRO
NOUNCED A GOOD FELLOW.
Wise ASSET, Nov. 9, 1817.
Mr. Editor,—Tbe great erent of tbe week
1 transpired at Lincoln Bar, on Tuesday and
1 Wednesday of this week, before Judge Dan
forth, in tbe prompt appearance of Gen. But
ler, with his Gloucester-client in court at tbe
call of tbe crier. Tbe action was one of rep’ev
I in between tbe Washington lee Company ot
New York and Webster of Gloucester, Mass.,
and tbe question whether the property in some
four hundrel tons of ice, cut and stored near
Bootbbay harbor in 1870, passed to said cotn
I pany by a contract, in telegrams between Web
ster, the owner, aud Leonard, tbe President of
tbe ice company.
On their construction of tbe contract tbe
company seized tbe ice, by replevin writs and
sold it, alleging titles in their right by pur
chase, and as Butler said got tbe ice and ex
pected to pay for it.
Important points of law being developed in
tbe case it was taken to tbe full court on uon
i suit and by report. Tbe farmers, fishermen
and citizens gathered to get within ear-shot
and eye-reach of the great disturber of tho
i peace of politics, aud tbe General was the cen
tre of attraction and interest to all.
Ha looked in fine health, appeared in neat
attire, without gandiness or ostentation in
his demeanor, aod in good spirits, quietly seat
f ed at his post as defendant's attorney amid the
members of tbe bar. On tbe whole, tbe first
1 impressions of tbe man were decidedly favora
ble to the observer. Indifferent to all about
him but tbe witness on tbe stand and the
course of plaintiff's counsel in the examina
tion, he sat with his eyes riveted to the man,
and his attention engrossed with every word
and development of tbe cause. He took no
nnUa ALa _.1 _1_ll.
tion in chief was over, he rose deliberately and
courteously apologized to the court for stand
ing while he conducted the cross examination,
it being a usage ot the Massachusetts bar, and
by a course of keen but masterly and adroit
questioning, perlectly neutralized the evidence
in the main; in fact, woo his client’s cause
out of the mouth of his autagenist, and in the
utmost courtesy of manner and language.
The General is poor iu voice, somewhat in
distinct iu enuDciatioDjhut obviously a skillful
aim aurort tretTcian, ptiTTOsopCicarana pun
gent as a thinker, exhibiting great pertiaacity
of purpose and fidelity to the interests of bis
client. Indeed, Mr. Editor, wo all have been
disappointed inour anticipations of witnessing
the scenes of a bear garden, this term at Lin
coln bar, the trial having been one of the most
ably and courteously conducted episodes in
the legal history of the bar.
In tbe evening Ilenry lugalls, Esq hospita
bly opened his doors for the entertainment of
the bar aud it) introduction to the General,
who appeared in his best humor, aud with his
abounding resources of legal aud political inci
dent he amused and instructed the company
till a late hour, when, after a sumptuous and
choice entertainment, at the tables of Mr. In
gall’s dining hall, loaded with delicious varie
ties of clustering grapes from his own gardens,
all dispersed,believing Ben. Butlera better and
abler man than he has been represented to be"
He is bold without bluster; pungent, but cour
teous and gentlemanly iu all exhibitions of
himself on the occasion described.
Col. Wildes was present, having come in
from the survey of the Kennebec Wiscasset
railroad. He has reached Whitefield, and re
ports a facile aud unobstructed route,free trorn
rooky impediments so far as he has gone, ex
cept iu a single cut.
To-day Gen. Butler visifs Togus Asylum over
the proposed railroad route to Augusta via the
Asylum. Yours, as ever, &c.
A cokkkspondext in the New York Tribune
writing iu the interest of the Mormons, says:
Polygamy is nearly dead; actual statistics,
covering many families, show tbat the number
of plural wives bas dimiuisued more than Cl)
per cent, during tbe last ten years, notwith
standing toe great increase in population.—
ihe most wealthy and intelligent among tbe
Mormons are quietly shirking tbe “religious
duty ol adding wives lo tbe flock, aud are
seemingly inclined 10 risk tbeir soul’s salva
tiou with only one wife. Tbe young people of
both sexes are not averse to saving that they
dou t believe in polygamy, and the more sen
sible of all classes concede that it is lar better
to have a small family and care for aud edu
cate it than to bring into being a vast herd of
hoys and girls whose very numbers preclude
tbe possibility of parental direction and over
sight. It is entirely safe to predict that there
will not be 200 plural wives iu Utah ou the oo
CaaiOTl of 1.1 IH PHll'Iirnf inn nf ilm nunlan..sn
the republic, unless tbe rapidly decaying and
surely doomed system be galvanized into a
semblance of life liy acts of persecution. Tbs
signs of tbe times were never more bepeful in
this regard than at tbe period of tbe com
mencement of the recent ill-judged measures
on the parts of the courts. But for these Pres
ident Grant could have truthfully announced
in his forthcoming message to Congress that
this relie of a bai baric age was virtually ex
tinct. It could be settled in a day,on the basis
ol forgiveness for all past offences uud a total
abandonment of the uncivilized and un-Ohris
tian practice for all time to come.
From which it may be inferred that tbe best
way to administer a government is not to en
force tbe laws lest those who violate them may
regard it in the light of persecution!
Singular Phenomena of the Forest
Fires.—Tbe Greeu Bay Wis., Advocate says
that tbe cooler-headed survivors of the great
fires at Pesbtigo and other points agree in the
statement that tbe fire did not come upon them
generally from burning trees and other objects
to the windward, but tbe first notice they bad
of it was a whirlwind of flame, in great clouds
from above the tops of the trees, which fell up
on and enveloped everything. The atmosphere
seemed one ot fire. The poor people inhaled
it, or the intensely hot air, and fell dowu dead.
This is verified by the appearance of many ot
the corpses. They were found dead in the
roads and open spaces where there were no
visible maiks of fire near by, with not a trace
of burning upon their bodies or clothing. At
Sugar Bath, is a clearing four miles wide at
some points corpses were fouud in the open
road, between fauces which were only slightly 1
burned. No mark of fire was upon them, but 1
they laid there as if asleep. This seems to ex
plain why so many were killed in compact I
masses, iences and cleared fields were burn
ed in spots and elsewhere not touched. Fish
were killed in tbe streams.
ItNCKE s Comet, the advent of which is now
eagerly expected by astronomers, is sometimes
visible to the naked eye, and it is thought
that such will be the case during tbe latter j
part of November or first of December. This a
comet is remarkable on account of its being a
tegular member ol our solar system, running
n an orbit within that of tbe planet Jupiter,
ind completing its circuit in 1200 days.
b
Buckingham Smith, of St. Augustine,Fior- a
da, lias bequeathed all his property—some b
‘35,000—to huill a hospital for the exclusive
ise ol colored people.
Mr. Smith resided in Portland for a number
'f years, during which he studied law with t
fessenden Dehlois, and was admitted to the
iar. Ue married a Portland lady, Miss Julia
iardiner, whom he survived.
1 J
The Philadelphia North American, review
ing the course of elections, says plainly: “Tho
people of tho South may now tike their choice
of either coming into tho Republican ranks,
where they can best defend their own inter
ests, disbanding their trfrorist banditti, and
acknowledging the validity and finality of the
constitutional amendments and reconstruction
laws, or of expecting additional and more se
vere repressive measures to be adopted by Con
gress.”
Thu Rockland Free Press is personal in its
remarks touching the suggesliou that the sher
iffs of the counties should be clothed with spe
cial power to enfore the liquor law. It says:
But if the preseut duty of an officer is to
preseut a prominent frontispiece in some liquor
saloou, there can he no great pood grow out of
an enlargement of his powers hy statute. It
becomes simply a question of bowels.
Bangor now calls itself through the Whig “a
central emporium on a grand international
thoroughfare." Boston sneers and calls it “a
side issue.”
State rsevvs.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTT,
The Jourual savs the jewelry store of Mr. E.
Edgcomb, of Auburn, was broken open Thurs
day night and goods to the amount ol $210 were
stolen. The rogues gained an entrance by a
rear window.
The Journal says tho Lewiston Machine Co
has orders for machinery for several months in
advance for tho York Manufacturing Co for
£tl“n‘|0 DeLame Mills, R. 1 Andioscoggin
Mill No. 3, and other points. They are also
makiug warpers for parties in Lancaster Pa
Moie skilled help is needed at these works’
The change of the gauge rf the Maine Cen
tra Railroad to Danville Juuction was com
pleted Friday morning, so that the narrow
gauge train ran to that point at noon.
HANCOCK COUNTY.
The Bangor Whig hears it stated on good
authority that last Thursday night a man
named 1 rank Gray was shot by a hotel keener
1“ I,!','?or.th and dangerously injured that
his life is despaired of.
A number of suits have been begun in Han
cock county against one of the Bangor lawyers
who was engaged in the procuring of bounty
land warrants for soldiers of the war of 1812
His clients think his devotiou to their interests
was too absorbing and that they lost money by
tuu upciasiuUi
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
The Kennebec Journal says Miss Bicker,
Preceptress of the Waterville Classical Insti
tute, vrus taken to her home in Hartford on
Wedesduy last sick with a brain fever, and bor
dering on insanisy.
KNOX COUNTY.
A correspondent of the Batb Times, who has
lately visited Themaston, says:—“We recog
nized Bartlett, Maguire and Simm, of Bow
doinham Bank notoriety, busy in honest em
ployment. The former is in the blacksmith’!
shop, Maguire works in the boot and shoe fac
tory aod the latter in the carriage shop. Mr,
Boyers, the Brunswick defaulter, is employee
in the butler department of the kitchen, ane
was arrayed in apron and parti-colortd cat
sweeping oat the cook room during our visit.’
OXFORD COUNTY.
The Register says Mr. Seth Crooker, whi
was so badly injured by beiDg run over or
Thursday evening of last week, died Tuesdai
morning.
The Register says Mr. G. G. Phelps, o
South Pans, is preparing seven acres of mead
ow in Buckfield, on the road leading from So
Paris to Buckfield, for the purpose of raisini
Crauberries. 1
We learn that the starch factory in Peru ha
manufactured 5500 bushels of potatoes inti
starch this season.
He belorigs in Buckfield and it is Jesse Shar
whose eighly-third birth-day came on the 5tl
instant. On the Friday previous be drove i
breikiDg-up team pf six oxen in the iorenooc
and in the afternoon one of four.
Mr. L. K. Lace, of Brownfield, whose build
mgs were reported burned a few days since
seems to be particularly unfortunate. Iu Fob
ruary, 1868, his buildings were burned in th
night time at Stonebam. Mr. L. was awa
from borne at the time of the fire. He had
barn burned previous to the Stonebam fire aui
now has been burned out a third time.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The Whig says an unusually large quantit
of potatoes was marketed in Bangor Tbursda
-some say over 6000 bushels-and the pric'
was from 42 to 45 cents per bushel, though i
few extra loads brought as high as 50 cents?
The contractors for deepening the channe
and removing the rocks from the bed of tie
I enobscot have closed their operations for th
season. They have removed a large amount o
stone, earth, edgings and other debris from th:
river.
WALDO COUNTY.
AbdiUB,k1n fell°* named Dutch, who as
saulted a lady on the street in Belfast Thr.r.
u*y ovcuiuk was seriously shot by a mau wh
came to her rescue.
The Belfast Age says there is hut little doim
in the local produce market. Pressed hay i
se ling from $25 to $28; loose, $20 to $24; pu
tatoes, 45 cents. Poultry is coming iu plenty
1'a W11 fatted; chickens are selling Iron
it.*,0!16,;Bu*te^ is 8low 30 cents to
best ball, h at ox beef is worth from $7 to Si
per hundred; smaller aud poorer from $4 t<
$0. Koiiud bogis stationary at 7 cents. Bar
ley stands firm at 75 cents and oats at about 5
cents.
-rT™^afs
Center a week afto last Sunday by putting hal
a pound of powder in a paper aud wrapping i
in flannel and placing it in the ashes in thi
stove. 1 ortunately it wag discovered befori
the fire was built.
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
Mr. E. B. Davis, of Eastport, travelling for i
Portland firm, was severely injured last weel>
while driving from Calais by the upsetting o
liu buggy, throwing him and Mrs. Johnson, c
Calais, out, bruising both of them eoosidera
bly, though no bones were broken. The car
riage, which belonged to the Portland firm foi
whom he was travel ing, was badly smashed
says the Eastport Sentinel.
The Eastport Sentinel says a Passamaqnod
dy Indian recently applied for a state-room ot
board cine of the International line of steam
eis. The Sentinel ask9 if barbarism is a fail
ure? or bas the savage “played out?’*
SPECIAL NOTICES
Auction Sale
AT THE
Japan Tea Store.
Tuesday, Nov. 14th,
FLPBKT BLOCK, opp. CITY HALL
This will be a rare chance lor families to buy, as it if
a well known lact that the stock is all first quality
AM 8 pice are warranted strictly pure. Our Teas can
be bought with perfect safety. Large stock of can
Fruits, wiM be divided ii such lots as will please buy
ei s. Tea in tamily lots. This not being a forced
sale, we can sell to suit families. See advertisement'
Ii*t the house be tilled ut 9 1-9 P. BI.
novllSN2t
^loathly business meeting, Monday, Nor. 13, at 7*
o etoek, p. m. A change in the constitution wiM 1.
acted upon. It. ABBOTT, Sec’y.
noil 2tsn
r~
ENGLISH TWIST
Double Barreled Guns J
Only Thirteen Dollar*.
G. L. bailey, 4m EXCHANGE ST.
l^“Sign of the Golden Rifle. no II cod
BE SURE YOU ARE RIGHT!
Be sure you’re right, then go aliead
Bong years ago a wise man said
■Be sure you’.e right,” though you go slow.
And prate you II have where’er you go.
“Be sure you’re right then go ahead
And heaven will give you “daily bread
“Be sure you’re right” though you go s o'w
And you shall conquer every foe:
Y«>u 11 jure be right, when Boys need “Clothes”
If you buy them at Georgk Fknno’s 1
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hataod Shoos complete
Boston,°Nov.Th anU ^^‘ons&et
__[__ novlO-ulw
Reliable Insurance!
The OldPhaenix
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
(CONNECTICUT,
"Rises from the Ashes" oi the Chicago Fire with a
clean surplus of over
One Million Dollars,
And is now, as heretofore, one of the strongest com
sanies doing business in Maine.
Dash Asset. Oct. l.t 81,750,000
Lo.se. at Chicago about
Capital and Sarpls, 1^05o]ooO
It will thus be seen that tils old company aflords
sample security to its Policyholders as any other
Company in the country.
Policies Issued as berolotore on the most favorable
srrns. All losses promptly adjusted and paid by
W. jD. LITTLE CO., Agents,
Office 40 1*9 Exchange Mt
Oct 30is-d&w3w
Change of Time on Deerin^ Line.
EXTRA CARS (hat have been run on Sundays on
leering Line, and Sunday Cars m the city, will be
iscont nued on and utter Sunday, 12th iust!
nor 10-d3t
Lost!
)N Exchange street, between Second National
Bank and City Building, one leather pocket
iok, considerably worn, containing a sum of money
id papers of value to the owner. The tinder will
smtabiv iawarded by leaving same at this office.
nolGMw
Second-hand Fire Hose
TlOIt SALE by J. L. SHAW CO, 102 1-2 Fore
street.
600 feet 5-ply Rubber. 2 1-2 inch.
300 leet Leather 2 1-2 inch.
200 feet Linen 2 1-2 inch.
All in good order aud nearly now, no9U
_SPECIAL NOTICES.__
People’s Course, at City Hall.
Next entertainment MONDAY EVENING, NOV. HOlb, by the papular
TEMPLE QUARTETTE
Of Boston, the finest Quaitette of male voices i t America, awisted by that charming Soprano,
MISS I3ABELLA STONE,
With II. m. I>0 W Pianist. Evening Tirksts 50 cents, or 75 cts for the two remaining entertain
ments of the course. For sale every where. Doors open at 7 concern to com me l we at 8. uolldlw
GOING TO CHICAGO
The uodersignefl would respectfully inform the public that he inteuds to remove to Chicago a ter Jan
uary,-I842. Betore that time we shall tell our stock ot
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAN COSTI
Those who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargain will call immediately.
100 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight 11
My friends and patrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor the libeial patronage bestowed on me
during my residence in this city.
-T. F. §I^K,
l^T Fore Street, Portland.
Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT BARGAIN!
As the owner intends REMOVING TO CHICACO; consisting of a 2 1-'2storv BrickHonse No. 9 Chat
ham Street, in go^d repair; lot 46 by 50, a good cliauce tor a Mechanic or business man to gt r a desiratde
home. Also a brick building corner of Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 35 by 80- Abo the nexa lot
adjoining, containing thiee wooden ttoies; lot 55 by 120; ar.d one large wooden stable. Tb u property will
be sold in seperate lot» or all together, making in all a lot of 90 by 1*0. 'i his is au excellent chance ior in
vestment, as this property is sure to increase in value, being on li e principal street in ihe city.
For particulars call on J. F. SISK,.
nov7tf 171 Fore Street.
“1 11 1 1 i
MILLINERY! Congress St.
With the increased facilities for purchasing directly from
Importers at the lowest Cash Jobbers prices,
We are now prepared to ofler to our customers and the Public
A very choice, all new STOCK OF MILLINERY GOOES,
at prices which cannot fail to give entire satisfaction.
'Ladies’ In want of a
HAT or BONNET,
Will find It to their advantage to give us a call before purchasing.
We shall have constantly on hand a good assortment ot
Ladle.’, Jlisscs’ aud Children s
Ready-Trimmed Hats and Bonnets.
Our Selection of Children’s Hoods, and Boy’s Hats are unsurpassed
in the city.
Silk ats anil Bonnets manufactured and trimmed In the latest and most approved style at sh.rt notice,
puces.Velvet, anil Velveteen, lor Dress Trimming in all colors and shades, conslatly on hand at old limes
prites. Also all the New fchades in the bfest qualities ot Ribbons.
W« Id. SNiXL, 33^ Congress si.
Nov2 SN tf_
The Best,
The Cheapest,
The most durable
And the Easiest,
SPRING RED,
EVER MADE I
It will Cost you Nothing
L To give it a fair trial at your house.
Tlios. P. Bcah Co„
SOLE MANUFACTURERS,
27 and 29 MARKET STREET.
j Bear of the Post Office, A’so the best assorment oj
1 CliamSHT
1 AND OTHER
FURNITURE.
f To be found in thi ity and at the lowest pr’ces.
CAL AWI> SBK! novlfign
Ladies’ Cloaks
-ahd
Winter Jackets,
1 AT
EASTMAN BRO’S,
i
332 _ Consrres* Street.
EXCHANGE
-ON
Englan d, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
-AND
Beady for Immediate Delivery!
IN SUMS TO SUIT!
W5I. WOOD,
07 Exchange Sf.
A cent far Henry I'leve Co, W, Y.
June 27-11 g*
S. B. GOWELL.
Anticipating leaving tlio city now otters his entile
stock ot Foreign ami Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
until he sells his house. (See advertisement by Geo.
R. Davis Co.) How is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
fcP*~Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntt
GOLD JDUSTl
All lover3 ot CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. sep542mo is
They sell the above Flour at llie^
JAPAN TEA *S T JitEf
Fluent Block,
sep27-sneodtf Exchange st,
TV O TIC eTi
THE Cigar store that was advertised for salo at 229
Congress street, has removed back to tbe old
stand on Exchange street, where I will still minii
taeture the choicest brands ol cigars. I will invite
all my customers and triesds in general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the prices. 1
have all brands ot Irapoited Cigars, and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
I want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. E. PONCE, No. 80 Exchange St.
Ji-tr
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the cPy will sell my
stock and place of business at great discount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber. PInuk, ft par*. Knee*, Deck
ing, and Treenail*.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on Mj. TA¥LOK,
sept 19-snlt 17t» Commercial st.
/N J WO -an a
sterling _Mcnaiige.|
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank'of London,
ABD THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
And all its Branches.
For sale in sums to suit, by
,T. r>. BROWN SONS,
je!3-sntt or Kxclmngc Hi.
Attention, Gentlemen.
We have this (lay received Jrom one of tho finest
importing houses in Ne.v York (E. H. Van Ingeu
Co.,) a large invoice ot
Woolens tor Gent’s Wear,
to which wo invite your attention, as we feel confi
dent we can please you in every particular.
ROLLINS BOND. No 90 Middle st.
Nov 3-sntf
No Bore Wet Feet.
Cable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOR
BOOTS and SHOES,
Ig rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs.* Besides lurnishiog the most durable, pliable
couomical boot ever offered the pu lie, !t affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than ever before made of the same maieiia’s.
All Bralcra sell able Screw Wired €ioodm
Paicat Stamp on all. oct2gn eodGw
ON MARRIAGE.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
and ABUSES, which interfere with MARRIAGE—
with sure means ot relief tor the Erring and Unlor
tunate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, S. Ninth St., Philadel
phia, Fa. jy 2G-9N UIJ 1
JeT*
The new two story French root house, just fin
ished, on Cuslinmn st.; house piped tor Sebago, f
and ail the modern improvements. Enquiie on the
premises or No 25 Emery st. j, A. TENNEY. R
uep5dtt BU C
GRAHAM FLOUK!
OF A SUPERIORQU HITS
Fresh from the Mill. Also the celebrated
JP O S T B L 8 t>>
And Otlipr Choice Brands.
Ml iw, H A M M it Nl> I'AUAGV.
oc9 cl3in
roll S*AEE
‘iH Shares First National Bank Stock.
13 Shares Casco National Bank Stock.
State ot Maine...
Portland, 6’i
Cincinnati,. 7>j
Government Bonds Bought and Sold.
-BY
If. TO, PAYSON,
Uti Exchange st., Portland.
aug22 sn
Great Keduction in Prices
It you want more pictures for yonr money, tbar
you ever received beiore, call at the
Portland Photograph Gallery,
1Vo 80 Middle Street.
T^ook at. srmip nt thp nriooa
8 Large Ferroopmc 50 crma,
_ Former prioo $1 OO.
12 Card Ferrotypes 50 cents,
Foiiuer price 01 OO,
72 Tin Types 50 cents.
Former price $1 OC
Pictures in Frame 75 cents.
Photographs $2 OO Per S>o*.
ggfF-For children un<ler flyears ot ace. an sddi
A. S. DAVIS CO.
not sn 2w
The Cause aud Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause ot Consumption Isderangemen
of the digestive organs. This derangement produce,
deficient nutrition and assimilation. By assimila
tion I mean toat process by which the nutriment o
tlie lood is converted into blood, and thence into (h<
solids of tlie body. Persons with digestion tbua im
paired, having the slightest predisposition to pu'
monarv disease, or if they lake cold, will berery li
able to hive Consumption ot the Bungs iu some 01
its foimS; and 1 hold that it will be impossible to cure
anycaseo (Consumption without first restoring a good
digestion and Debility assituila'ion. 'Him verv nrst
ibing to be done is to cleanse ibe stomach and bowe’s
trorn all diseased mucus aDd slime which 19 clogging
these organs *0 that they cannot perlbrm their iunc
I ions, aud then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and best
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pdls These Pills
cleanse the stomach and bowels 01 all iho dead and
morbid slime that is causing disease and decay in the
■whole 63 s om. They will clear out the liyer ol all
diseased bile that has accumulated there, and arouse
it up to a new and heady action, by wbLli natu.al
and heal! by hue is secreted.
The stomach.bowels and liver are thus cleansed by
tlie nte ot Sell nek’s Mandrake Filial but there re
mains in Ibe stomach an excess ot acid, the organ
is torpid, aud the appetite is poor. In the bowels,the
lac teals are weak, and require strength aDd support.
I It is in a condition like Ibis that bchenck’s Stawetd
Tonic proves to tie the most valuable remedy ever
(discovered. It Is alkaline, and ils use will neutrslixa
all excess ol acid, making the stomach sweet and
ir. sb; it wilt give permanent tone to tots important
organ, and create a good, hearty appeate, and pre
paretbe system for the first process ot agood digestion
and uitimaiely make good, bealihy, living blood.—
Aiier ibis preparatory treatment, what remains to
cure most eases ot Consumption istbelree and per
severing use ot Sebenck’s Pulmonic Syiup. The
Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system, purifies the
flood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation,
aud thence distributed to the diseased mugs. There
it ripens n'l morbid matters, whether in the form of
abscesses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel all the diseased matter in the torin of free ex
peetoiatiou, when once it ripens. It is then, by the
great heating and put itying properties ot Sehenck’i
Pulmonic Syiup, that all ulcers and cavities are heal
ed up souud and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing Consump
tion is 10 get up a good appteite and a good digest ion
so ibat the body will grow in flesh and get strong.—
ir a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess
thore, the cavtiy cannot heal, ti e ma.ter cannot rip
en, so tong as the system is below par. What Is nec
essary to cure is a new order ot thing,, a good apa
tite, a good nutrition, ihe body to grow in fiesb and
get fat; then Nature is helped, Iho cavities will heal,
the matter wiil ripen and be thrown ott in targe
quantities, aud theperson regain health and strength.
This is the true aud only plan to cure Consumption,
and if a person *s very bad, it the lungs are uot en
tirely destroyed, or e'veti it one lung is entirelv goue,
it there is enough vitality left in the other to heal up
there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live amt enjoy life to a good old age._
This is what Schenck’s medicines will ilo to rur.
Consumption. J bey will clean out the stomach,
sweelen and strengthen it. get up a good digestior
and give Nature the assistance she needs to clear the
system ot all the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever the form may be.
It is important mat, while using Schenck’a medi
cines, care should be exercised not to take co'd: keep
in-doors iu cool and damp weather; avoid night air,
and take out-door exercise ouly in a genial and wairn
sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood uat when I recom-
mend a patient lo be carelul in regard to taking cold
while using my medicine. I do so lor a special rea- 1
son. A man who has but partiallyBrecovereJ from ihe
effects of a bad cold is tar more liable to a relapsj
than one who has been entirely cured, aud ic is pre- j
cisely the same iu regard to consumption So long
as the lungs are not perfectly healed, jnst so loDg is
iliere imminent danger ol a lull return ol the dis-
ease. Hence it is that 1 so strenuously caution pul
monary paiientsugbnst exposing themselves to an
atmosphere that is not genial and pleismt. Cin
tirmed consumptives* lungs are a mass ot sores,
which the least change of atmosphere will Inflame.
The grand secret ol my success with my medicines
Bcnsists in my ability to subdue Inflamation instead
if provoking it, as many ot the faculty do. An in
[lamed lung cannot with saiety to the patient be ex
posed to the biting blasts ot winteror tbcchiling winds
ot' spring or autumn. It should be caielully shielded
irorn all irrkating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in this particular, as without it a
sure under almost ary circum&tances is an impo-si
>iiity.
i he person should be kept on a wholesome and nn
ricious diet, and all the medicines continued until
he body lias restored to it the natural quantity ol
lesli and strength.
I was myielf cured by this treatment ot the worst
Lind of Consumption and have lived to get iat and
learty these many years,with one lung mostly pone,
have cured thousands since, aud very many have
teen cu'cd by this treatment whom 1 hare never
een
About thelirst ol October I expect to take posses
iou ol my new building at the north-east corner of
iixth and’Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to
ive advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies,so that
person in any part ot the world can be readily
ured by a strict observance ot the same.
J. H. SuHfcllSCK, M. D., Philadelphia.
GEO. C- GOODWIN, dc CO., Agents.
BOSTON.
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
IP A HUE SAUCE
Che Best Sauce and Relish
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
O BK HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Sale in Portland by
818 E N EVAN 8.
rll SE In want ol Plain or Fancy Job Printing
will find it lo tlieir advantage to call onW M. M
Iauks, nt the Dally PreiaJob Printing Ofllra, Ex
aanne Street, Portland. i

SPECIAL NOTICES.
I.KA i* ntKI N>* Ali
Prououucsd by CouuoUteurs
“The Only Good. Sauce.”
If III! loves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messts LEA A PERKIN'* to
prosecute ah parries making or vcndi’ z counterfeit*.
JOHN DliUAiVU MONM,
augl2sn6m Ageutg, New York.
MAINE CENTRAL H, K.
Special flfolicr.
The aguge of this road between Danville Junction
aud Woteiville will be changed between the morn
ings of the 9th inst and lttb inst. No ire'gbt trains
will run out ot Portlaud lor ibis line alter Tuesday,
the 7tb. No freight will be received at Depot ot
Grand Trunk Railway In Poitland after Murulay, 6tb
inst. The miil passenger traiLS will be ran during
ttie week and passengers and baggage changed at
point 01 break ot gauge, but no morning passenger
tiain to or irons Lewiston, alter the morning of the
ninth inst.
k nov7—snlw EDWIN NOYES, Supt.
Procure Tickets
W. D. Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TIOKETIAGENOY i
Travelers for California
and the W'eit, Hoatk ,.d Xorihwc, mar ob
tain through Ticket., by the be.I aud mo.I
reliable route. Irom Portl.Ld, or o nion, or
Me« York, to an* p* int de.ued at the lowr.t
rale, at the old and reliable Un'on Ticket Agency,
IF. D. LITTLE Jb CO.,
one. 49 1-9 Exchange Ht.
BT'KoUable in'ormation cheertully furnished at
ail time,._au26d tt in
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded war eh eases on
Brown’s Whait, aud Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings York Dantorth and Com
mercial Streets.
Alltrtinppl mtllln nn nrnr.nrie a t Aen.l mm
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
Jyl3»n 97 Exchange Street.
On Marriage.
**«PPT Relief fer Young Men from the et
tectg ot errors and anuses in early hie. Manhood re
s ored. Imp- diments to marriage removed. New
method cf treatment. New ai.d remarkable reme
dies. Boot 8 and Circulars sent tree, in sealed en
velopes. Address HOW ARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. novIsndSm
HARRIED
In Lewiston, Nov. 4, Aaron Edgecomb and Pbele
J. Clu e
In North Anson, Nov. 4, Ansel Stevens and Sarah
F Hall, both ot Kmbden
In Lewiston, Nov. I, Capt. Jos. G. Duley and Mrs.
Mary -I. Cas^y.
In Gardiner. Oct. 23 Geo. A. Waldron, of Clluton,
and Emma Strong, ot G.
In Gardiner. Oct. 24. Moses Ware, ot Pittston, and
Eliza H. Heath, oi Chehea.
DIED.
In Topsham, Oct. 27, Mr. Albert G Foster, aged 41
years.
in Sumner, Oct. 23, Charles F. Morrill, aged 21 yrs
In West Fariringdale, Oct. 3I, Mrs. Elizabeth Can
non, aged 75 years.
In Biddelord, Oct. 29. Emerson York, aged 81 yrs
In Rittery, Oct. 20. Mrs. Hannah, widow ot Robert
Manson, aged 83 years 4 months.
In North Anson, Nov. 8, Capt Asa Paine, agec
70 years.
The tuneral services ot the late Mo*ei Bus
•ell will take place this alternoon at 2 o’clock.
DEPARTURE OF OCEAN STEADIER!
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
Prussian. Quebec.Liverpool.Novi
City of Pans.New York.. Liverpool.Nov 1
Calabria.New York.. Liverpool.Nov 1
Cleopatra.New York..Havana.Nov 1
CimDna.;sew York..Hamburg.Novi
Henry Chauncoy.. .New York. .Aspinwali.Nov 1!
Wyoming.New York .Liverpool.Nov li
Java....New York. .Liverpool.Nov II
Missouri.New York..Havana.Nov li
City oi New York..New York. .Liverpool ....Nov li
Caspian.Quebec.Liverpool.Nov li
Washington.New Yora.. Havre.Nov J’
City Washington ..New York.. Liverpool.Nov 1!
Batavia..’.New York..Liverpool.Nov 1*
Coriutbian.Quebee.Glasgow.Nov 2<
Cuba...New York. .Liverpool.Nov 21
Minnesota.New York.. Liverpool.Nov 2.
Moro Castle.New York. .Havana.Nov 2:
South America....New York. .Ilio Janeiro .Nov 2'.
City oi Mexico.New York.. Hav<& V Cruz. Nov 2<
Scandinavian.Quebec.Liverpool.Nov 21
Ainlatare Almanac.November 11
Sun rises...6.46 I Moon rites.5 10 AY
Sun Sets.4.42 High water.... 10.00 Ak
&IAKINT NEWS.
FORT OF PORTLAND.
Friday, Nur. 10.
ARRIVED.
Steamer N>w England, Field, St Jo>\n, NB, Tis
Eastport tor Boston.
Br.g Emetine, (Br) Morrill, Boston, to load (e:
Tinker, NS.
Sell Elizabeth Rebecca. Natter. Boston.
8cb Fear Not. Wilkinson, Belfast lor Newburypor
Seh Magnolia, (Br) Howard. Windsor, NS.
Sch Cherub, Bu ns, Kof»la"d-—bm# to C A 1
Sloop Twilight,Cleaves. Well’s Beach.
CLEANED.
Sch Harriet Baker. Webber, New York—J Nick
erson.
Seb J C Roker, Taylor. Boston—Chas Sawyer.
Sch John t Collin?, Thurber, Boston— Cnas Saw
yer.
Sch Ocean, Grant. Ellsworth,—Eastern Packet Co
Sch Lucy Church, Baker, Yarmouth, to load 10
Albany-Chas Sawjer.
MEMORANDA.
Brig New Domini jn, fiom Yarmouth NS, lor Poit
land, was spoken in Massachusetts Bay 9ih, with tb<
crew ol a wrecked verse) on board.
DOnSkTIC PORTS.
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 3d, barque D H Bills, Berr
Boston.
Ar (th. baroue R A Allen, Tarr, Boston.
FERNANDINA—Ar 29th, biig Caicatel'e, Sim
mens. Matar.zas.
Cld 2d, scb I bos Fish. Young, New York.
CM 3d, scb Ocean Felle. Coffin Philadelphia.
PENSACOLA—Sid 4th, brig Guiding star, Rogers,
New York, scb Helen Augusta, Wells, Indianola.
SAVANNAH—Ar 8ih, barque Ocean Home, from
New York.
Id fcth, sebs D Talbot, Amesbury, Satilla; Furra
gut. Smith, do.
UH ARLESTON-Sld 4th, sch Carrie S Webb, Day,
Georgetown, SC.
GKOKGE TOWN. SC-Ar 30th, brivs Chas Wesley.
Gnfliii, Searsport; Mary K Dana, O Neil. Boston.
Ar 1st, sebs Starlight, Robinson, Boston; 2d, Elvi
ra, Bancroft. New York.
8cb Henrietta. Ler.vitt. Wilmington. Del
BALTIMORE—Cld 7th, barque Grecian, Jarvis,
Quetnstown.
Ar St by. brigs Georgia, Miller, Guantanamo; Eudo
rus Cummings Portland.
PHILADELPHIA—Cld 7tb, sch Jas A Parsons,
Gandy, Sagna
Ar 8th, sebs Zeyla, Crowell, St Jnhn. NB: Abbie,
G eaves, Gardiner. M W Hupper, Gilman, do.
Cid 8tb, brig Mary A Ctase, Dolan. Guantanamo:
sch Lugano, Steele. Boston
Ar 9tb. brig Timothy Field. Emersou. St John. NB
scb C H Kell«*y, Windsor. NS via Portland.
Below tth. brig Prairie Ko?e, irom Turks Islands;
scb Moses Patien.
At Delaware Breakwater 7»h, jebs Addle Ryerson,
Houghton, and Clara Jane, McAllep, Irom Windsor.
NS, tor Philadelphia.
NEW YORK—Ar 8th brlrs Annie Eldrldge, Clit
ford, Miragoane: Ambrose Light. Thomas, Cienfue
gos: sebs J W Dodge, Taylor. 8* Marlins Minetia.
Davidson, Boston lor Philadelphia, Montrose, Allen.
Pawtucket.
Ar 9th, barque Isaac Hall. Colcord. New Haven.
Cld 8th, ship Ontario, Mitchell. London; brig Or
bit. Nash, Cienluegos; sch Kalmar. Laa.beit, Jack
sonville.
Cld 9th. ships Vila Franca, Morgan, for London;
Edith, Kair-on, San Francisco; brig Alex Nichols,
Peter on, Kingston, Ja; A*inl« Gardiner, Gardiner.
Demarara; scb J S Moulton. Crow.ey, Elizabeth
port.
Passed through Hell Gate 8ib, sch Yankee Blade,
Coombs, Port Johnson lor Boston.
NEW HAVEN—Cld 8tb, barque Isaoc Hall, Col
cord. New York.
PROVIDENCE—Ar 8lh, sch Harriet Lewis, Bliss,
Elizabeth port.
Ar 9th sebs Casco Lodge, Pierce, Elizabethport;
Marv Shields. Wabe. Fort Johnson tor Pawtucket.
Cld 9th, sebs Webster Bernard, Smith, Jackson
ville; Mary Augusta. Holt, do.
Sid 8th. sebs Mary Patten, Boynton, Nev York:
Jos Fich, Turner, Orient. LI, «o load lor Savannah:
Ja« Tildcn. Jordan. Ellsworth.
VINKYARD-H A VEN—Ar Ith. brig C H Kenne
dy. Dodge, Bangor tor Philadelphia: sebs Nkola,
Kellar, Elizabethpwt for Boston; Maria Roxana,
Palmer Philadelphia tor do: Hattie E Sampson.
Blake, Windsor. NS, tor Philadelphia; Midnight,
llopkins Bangor tor Hartford. W H Mitchell. Co’e.
Shulee, NS. tor New York: heoka. 1 oo*, J one? port
lor do: E M Pennell, Mitchell, Machias for do, EH
Nash. Cole, do lor Newport.
Ar 9tn, brie J Leighton, Leighton, New York for
Salem; scb Nettie Cushing, Piessey, Ihomaston lor
New York.
In A ntil B l> Cl_.. n
Berube Terrapin, and others.
EDGARTOWN—Ar 5(h, brig C H Kennedy, Dodge
Bangor tor Philadelphia.
Ar 7th, h Oeo W Olorcr, Holbrook, New York
for Portland.
Ar mb, scb Red Jacket. Avetill, fren Rockland for
Galvoston.
BOSTON—Ar Sthjbarqne Esther, Loring, Gotten
l.nrg sells EiniK. Whitaker. Kllsworib: Wa'erloo
CoDdon, and Saxon, Hatch, Bangor: Globe, tinrd’
from do.
Old 9tb, ship Alexander McNeil, Kelleran. New Or
leans; brig H H Mcliilvery. Stubbs, Surinam: sch
Magg e Mnlvey, Allen King s Ferrv, lia- Mary E
Anisden, Lavender. Portland, 'o load lor Baltimore
Sld9lh. farunes M B Stetson, L T Stockei; brig
Ellen Bernard. 1
I0,b J>arqU9 If,b'1 Newba'i, Innena; sehs H
W Drew, Berry, Jacksonville; J N Newton, Stover,
Ueoreelow" J p Collins, Tbnrber. Portland
Old 10th, barque Mary C Fox Ross, Pori land; sell
Trellis, iBr) Secord, do; Franklin, Coates, St An
drew?, NB.
LYNN-Ar Dt, sobs H M Mayo,Chadwick, Calais;
Daitmouih, from Machias.
At 4th, sclis Opy, Trev orgy, Ellsworth: Oregon,
Perry, Richmond M A Rowland, Coombs Ba'eor.
Ar eth, SC'JSWP Rit'-hie, Freetbv Calais; Zina,
Bradbury,do: Samaritan Dodge. Kllswoilh: Uian
vllle, Clark, Rokland; T W Allen, Carter, Dennya
yille.
Ar 9ih. sebs F A Plko. Gove, Calais Adeline, Irom
Deuuiaville; Comet, Dow. Calais.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Ar at Melbourne Sept 6, ship Agra, Miller, Irom
Sydney, NSW.
Sid tin Lisbon 21st ult, brig Jubn Wesley, Ford, for
New Y' fk.
Ar at Malaga 21lh, barque Brilllant^gprague, horn
Denia. W
At Mai <ga 2utb ult. barque Sicilian,Tercival, Irom
New York via Gibraltar, Just ar.
Sid lin Havana Sd, brig R B Gove. Darkness lor
North of Hatteras; sch W H Steele. Buck, New Or
Ar at Matanzas 27th ult, brig Adelaide, Wilson,
Bangor.
Ar at St John, NB, 7th, sch Sapho, Hal field, P0rt
and.
Per steamer Java, at New York.l
Ar at Liverpool 2*th ult, Resolute, Bro.rks. New
fork; P J Carlton, Lu e, New Orleans; 27lh T m
Merritt, (lilkey. New Ycrk.
Ar at Gravesend 28lh, Webster, Norris Irom Now
fork. ew
Sid 26lb. Rhine, Jordan. New Vork.
Sid An Newport 25:b, Arietta, lot Vera Co,,.
Sbl An Cardiff vllth, Rahard III w'li
cans; 26,b DonQnix te. Neiann Singawre
old 25th. S C Blanchard, lor Callao 8 P
Newcastle—Ent out 21th, Elip alet Greele. n.i
now, lor Callao. Welcy, Hal
louderry?1 e<:nuck »,h* u M ’^er, Tucker, Lo.
A-r at Beltas*t 2Ctlt, I,;in.mei oi<.> pr.
mtchi. '■‘8‘ei, Crosby. im Mna
Ml tin Sligo 2ltb ult,
New York. y Bovn on. Appleby, tor
Pb!r»3elj*2fln 2#,b Je,,ui«S Barker, K«,erS>
J|Ml *e /W Ult’ M*“ “"key, .rear Phil..
New m,rkLI’,b"n 21,t ult. John We,ley, Ford, for
Ian,'Sava"“V.l,e.23lb J McLeU
NAw y„fan,wcrp 2eth Adelaide NorrU, Reed, Ira
Sf^HVSS R,l,'eout' Tucker, Rotterdam.
Baltimore. °*1 *5,h u,t* FlaiM:e* *»jr, Durham,
Menfe!™ IIUU 23J ult' Jaa M Churchill, Gibbon,,
Crurutadc'"5 'Wb ttlt‘ S*rah K King,bury, Perry,
SPOKEN.
Ke('t II. lat 6 SO N, Ion 22 W shin
New York to: Melbourne. <-ongre»9, Irom
:o w'>bip
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
Gorham’s Sale
OF
ELEGANT
Piano^ Fortes,
So. 3 Free St-Block.
W «Tlt,K /In nf tV. I7.k IkUl_
Last (lay but flve._JM
November 11. d3t
Conntry Sage Cheese,
Have arrived, with, 80 Tube Extra Choice,
St. Albans Butter.
Also constantly cn band
BEST BRANDS OF FLOUR
And stock of the Fittest Groceries, for axle by
AMOS L. MIL LETT,
No. 9fe8 Congress at.
Portland, No 10, 1871. uollhLJw
Boston Maine It. It.
Winter Arrangement, Hot* 13,187L
f Trains leave P.S.4PRR Statian,
Portland, lor Boston, *6.16, *9 10 A M
Vp M-W#* M Returning 17.30, 78.30 A M, *12.15
For Rochester, Alton Bay. fg.10. A M.
Manchester ami Concord, N. H., via C&PHR
Junction. 6 15*. A M. 3 45* P M.
Manchester and Concord, via Lawrence 9. 10* A M
Lowell CA5*. 3.10* A. M. 3.3C7, 3 43* P M.
Milton and Union 9. 10* A. M. 3.3ct, 3.46* P. M.
NOTE.- fbe 6 15* A M. train arrives in Boston
in time to connect with Sbare Line at 11.10 (or New
York, the South and the West 9.13* A 31 train con*
nects with ibe 3 P M Springffed Rout* and Sound
Steamers for New York and thiSouib. 3.307 P M
train with the 9 P 61 tralu for New York via Shore or
Springfield line.
O^fralghl Trains between Portland and Boston
daily.
Passenger station in Boston, Hay market Square.
Freight station, Causeway street.
•Accommodation,
7 Fast Express.
W. MERRITT, Sup't,
PAYSON TUCKER, Agent. Bostou.
933 Commercial street, Portland.
Nov It dtf
Artificial Teeth.
T* «ay P*»reai and the Pahlic.
uTTWBB* I wish to cad yoor attention to the
^^LLjLX-TADJUSTABLE RIDGE, wbieh I am
now applyiug with great suet ess to all set ot taeih.
1 Ibe merhod of applying this rioge to artificial letth
is an invention oi my own. By ite a«e the most
difficult mouths can be lifted, and alt persons about
to have teeth inserted will be sure of a perfect flt by
having this ridge used. Every set ot teeth made by
me with this ridge applied wilt be properly adjusted
so as to flt the mouth perfectly, or uo ay will be ac
cented tor the work done, Ihose who have sets ot
teeth which do not flt can have them revet this
ridge applied, and warranted to flr or no charge will
be made. CARLTON KIMBALL, D. D. 8,
No U Clapp’s Block, corner ol Congress and Elm
streets, Portland. nolldtf
NOTICE
X under tbe style of CURTIS DAVIS, for tbs
purpose ot carry Ing on the wholesale Fish, Gen
eral Ceeamiaoiea and Ship Brokerage bus
iuess; sad hare Ukyn Store, Me. 15*2 Oouiinetciaf st.f
(recently occupied l*y Messrs. BUUOLN CO.,)
where we oflrr »or sale, a geuerjl ss-ortment of tl>h
ot all kinds, in lots to suit, at lowest possible ra n
We re»pe ttuliy solicit consignments or Veaseis,
Fish aud Mer handise, with the assurance that our
best endeavors shall not be wanting tor the Inter
est ot those who may la vor us with their orders to
sell or buy.
November 10. 1871.
CURTIS A DAVIS.
R. S. Cnrtla, litool Curtis A Knight, Phtla.
N. C. Davil, late ot Ryan Davis, Po;tfand, Me.
noil 2w
A Card to Newspaper Publi.he.s,
At the regular monthly meeting ot tb« Board ot
managers ot tbe Young Men’. Christian Association
of this city, No, 9, llJl, a rote of thanka waa un.nl
mous.y extended to tbe publish.™ of tb» tollowlng
paper., lor tbe generous donation of ihelr papers to
1 the Free Reading Room of lb. Association: Dally
Advertiser and Pres*, Transcript, Riverside Echo,
Mirror, Zion’s Advocate. Journal of Education and
Oood Seed, Portland; Union and Journal, Kenne
bec Journal, Farmington Chronic, Oxford Demo
crat, Calais Advertiser, Eastport Sentinel, Ellsworth
Am-rican, York Co. Independent, Rockland Free
Press, Maine Farmer. Somerset and Keunebeo Ke
porters, Pnaqus Isle Sunrise, WaUrviil# Mall, Dex
ter Oaastte, Daily 8sntlnel, Indianavolis; Weekly
Record, 8a-ramente; Grand Army Journal, Dally
I Witness, Montrea', World’a Crista and the Christian,
Boston; Christian at Work; Sunday School Work
man, Pastor and People, and Am. Messenger.
FOR 8*ML,JEt
_ An Iron Prope’ler Ferry-Bo.t.
fSMi Dimensions, length. 220 test, beam 40
'■S^LeiAfcJr'ect. l read'h over guilds S) It depth
■Wimif'l rn 14 test; draught ol water l.deo 11 reel.
Suitable ror L.ke or River navigation, and ihe car
rying ol Railroad Cara and Teams.
pTn* Ironwork is marked and lying In store at
Al'l’b PERCY L. ISAAC,
At tbe Falmouth Hotel,
Or to GEO H. STARR,
British Consulate, Portland, Maine.
November 4lh, 1S71. ia d2w
Cape Elizabeth Grist Mill, Kaiirht
ville.
THE above Mill bavlog been put in tborougk re
pair, ia now prepared to grind for the Merchants
of Portland, or for the Farmeia of this vlciulty, ia
large or small quantities, on reasonable terms, aud
sa 1-facii *n guaranteed. A supply ot Meal and Corn
on hand at all times.
November II, I8TL H. LAPPIN.
nol Id eod tt
Wanted.
A SMART active yonng man ta art ns news agent
rmr°iS .‘h,a,.tr^u~ Anbb »t oue* t. C. It. CHIS
HOLM A CO G T K U Depot. noll-3l
To Let.
FTTsSura ^,larnitbad 0ro»;><«rnl,bed. at
Wanted.
AN experienced Dry Good. Salesman Good rtt
ereuces required. Addles* P. o. BOX 894
November 9.1871. uoll-2w
Notice,
ELL persois are hereby cautiooH Irom trust
£ith!?5.*ll!r ?*®on “T account, alter this data,
without a written order from me,
no-t*3t J. P. WHEELWRIGHT.
Army and Navy Union Hall,
(Late Brown's Hall,)
TTTITr Km 1.4 «K. T ..4_/I_.
TT private pirtle*. on liberal termt. Two draw
ing ro-me water cloaete, *e., eonneoted with the
Hal!. Apply 10
i\-o-t-i-c-e T-h-e-s-c
F-A-C-T-S!
—THAT AT—
DURAN’S
Clothing House,
Can be found any article In Ihe way of Wearing Ap-
paral lor Men aud Hoys and at prices that
Will speak for Themselves.
We have a well assorted slock, our Goods are first
class in ever? respect and we aim to |<le*se in prit es
material and make. Who can't afford to dress wel 1
with Clothing at these pilces.
QrereoalN SO
QvercssU 1©
Qvtresal* 3©
JJ"*'"®" 8"iu
t# J^Mlneaa Salta
lalto
jjMfert $S.
|Jeefer* to
^reefer* 10
J^rem lait,
l^nolah,
1* I )r™
J^wja* Malta $H
j^oya’Malta to
Salta -JO
$5 J^oya’ Overcoat*
to Ovrrreao
IN J^oya’Oyercoale
paaa aud.Veata S3 to 111
JJaoae, |‘J 30 to N
T Tndercoota $4 to IS
Veata II to 13
And an endives vaarlety of Umle.wear, Cardlfun^,
and Furiiinking floods, at the same low prues
No. 170, opposite loot of Exchange
street,
Hov O-dlwIa