The Spy ahouW have the eye of Argais: he it
honorable if he. do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCESTER
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 1871.
The Arclic Expedition*.
There are now three or four expeditions in the
arctic regions, endeavoring to reach the north
pole. 1. The German expedition which follows
the plan for reaching the polar sea, devised by
Dr. Pctcrmann, which is to go up on the east
side of Spitzbergen; 2. Capt. Hall’s expedition
which goes up Baffin’s Bay to Jones Sound; 3.
The expedition which started from San Fran
cisco, last summer, intending to penetrate the
arclic sea by way of Behring’s Strait; 4. A
Swedish expedition which proposes to winter in
the north part us Spitzbergen, and try to reach
the pole, next summer. The Swedish explorers
follow the directions of Prof. Nordensjold, who
prescribes the route along the east side of Spits
bergen. We arc not quite sure that this Swe
dish expedition has actually sailed, although it
was intending to leave this year; but it will go,
next summer, if it has not left already; or rather,
if it did not leave previous to September, as it is
impossible to sail to the north part of Spitzber
gen later in the season.
Prof. Nordcnsjold puts forth some rather curi
ous views of the arctic sea, which summarily
disregard facts already established. He be
gins by denying the possibility of an open an
tic sea, and maintaining that whoever reaches
the north pole must travel on the ice from about
the 78th degree of north latitude. The non-ex
istence of an open polar sea, he says, “has been
proved by science.” Like some other learned
men, he seems to give more attention to specu
lations than to facts, and substitutes bis theory
for science. The existence of an epen sea near
the pole is shown by the discoveries of the Rus
sian explorer, Wrangell, who examined the
coast and ocean north of the eastern part of
Siberia; and by Dr. Kane’s expedition, some
members of which actually went to the open
sea across the ice. The truth is (notwithstand
ing what the Swedish professor says), science
suggested the existence of an open sea around
the p<»le,and this deduction of science lias been
verified. The most important point now to be
settled concerns the possibility of saihng into
that sea by way of some passage through the
surrounding ice-belt.
The German expedition appears to have
reached the open water reported by Wrangell,
which is believed to be a part of the open point
sea visited by Kane’s men. A lull report of this
exploring voyage, when it shall be completed,
is likely to add something to our knowledge of
the arctic sea. The discoveries and adventures
of the expedition which went through Behring’s
Strait will probably have no lack of interest.
Capt. Hall can hardly do more than was done
by Dr. Kane, even if h should have very good
success; for his progress northward is sure to
be stopped by the ice-belt, and to get a view of
the open sea. he must make a long journey on
the ice. As to the S vcdish expedition, we hope
it may have gteat success and contradict the
dogmatic theory of Professor Nordcnsjold by
its discoveries. It may do this, should the next
season be so favorable as to bring down the
northern line ol the ice-belt below the 80th par
allel.
The Kuklux Trials.
Reverdy Johnson and his learned brother, Mr.
Staiibery, who went down tu South Carolina on
the chivalrous and patriotic errand of tiefending
the victims of federal usurpation and military
despotism on their trial under the kukluxact,
have not succeeded in satisfying their clients,
and are very much dissatisfied themselves.
They were deceived, in the first place, by the
local counsel employed to assist them, and made
to believe that the evidence in the case was very
different in character and amount Irom that
which the actual examination of the witnesses
disclosed. Of course, it was not expected of
these eminent lawyers to go through the drudg
ery of 1 joking up evidence, making preliminary
examinations of witnesses, and otherwise ascer
taining the ground upon which the defence
could be based. This work was entrusted, as is
usual in such cases, to their assistants, and they
seem to have misled their seniors into the adop
tion of an untenable line of defense. They were
deceived also as to the spirit and method of the
prosecution. They expected to find the district
attorney relying upon the letter of the presi
dent’s proclamation, suspending the habeas
corpus, and making use of it to obstruct the
defence whenever possible.
But they found, to their surprise aud confu
sion, that the capital they bad.expectcd to make
of the deuial of this great writ, the “charter of
onr liberties,” was not available. They de
manded the writ in a long and impassioned ha
rangue, and were disconcerted]when the dis
trict attorney quietlj’ said he should
not oppose its issue, and the court
at once granted it. The return on the
writ was not as full as they desired, and this
gave an opportunity for another indignant ap
peal, the force of which was considerably im
paired by the district attorney’s assurance that
the prosecution had nothing to conceal or evade,
and the return would be at once amended so as
to disclose any matter of fact of interest to the
defense. The return was therefore, with the
consent of the court, amended so as to show that
the man had voluntarily surrendered to the
United States authorities, confessing that he
was one of a party of ktiklux who had muider
ed a negro preacher, and that he was thereupon
taken into custody and, at the first opportunity,
turned over to the United States marshal to
answer for his crime according to law. There
was no dangerous military usurpation about
that: a simple citizen could hardlv have done
less in these circumstances than Colonel Merrill
did. The judge’s suggcs.ion, that the marshal
would bring the prisoner into court if the coun
sel desired,was not accepted. There was nothing
to be made of him, and Mr. Johnson wisely
declined being led any further in his search for
a grievance.
In the case of Mitehell, one of the party who
murdered “Jim Williams,” a militia captain,
in York county, last March, Mr. Johnson allow
ed himself to be led into a similar mistake. The
South Carolina lawyers, with the prejudices of
their class and locality, either believed or pre
tended to believe, and persuaded the leading
counsel, that Williams could be proved to be a
dangerous man, of ferocious temper and bad
character, leading a band of men as bad as him-
self, all fully armed as militia, who had made
violent threats against unoffending persons, bad
set fire to houses and barns, and thrown the
whole neighborhood into spasms of uncontroll
able rage and terror; that his murder was not
the act of the kuklux, aud had no relation to
the victim’s political opinions, but was commit
ted by an impromptu vigitonce committee to rid
the neighborhood of an intolerable pest. This
defence would not have been set up by lawyers
of sneh ability ami experience unless they ex
pected to produce some substantial evidence in
support of it. The prosecution proved beyond
dispute, by the evidence of the order, the ex
istence of the kuklux klan, its constitution, pur
poses and methods of procedure, and the mem
bership of the defendant. They proved also the
planning us the murder of Williams in the office
of the chief at Yorkville, the details of the exe- i
cation aud the defendant's presence. The poor
fellow, an ignorant tool of infinitely more I
guilty leaders, who had tied at the first symp
toms of real danger, bad already confessed, and
have pleaded guilty if his counsel had al-
Jow ed it.
The defense bad then its opportunity to show
what terrible fellows Jim Williams and his ne
gro militia bad been, and here the failure was
Signal. Nobody had heard him make any
threat:’ or knew of his doing any mischief.
Borne bad heard it reported that he made terri
ble threats, but could uo: say that they had felt
any apprehension on that account, and the de
fendant’s owu witnesses were obliged to admit,
upon cross examination, that for mouths to
gether the negroes Uy out in the woods at night
away Irom tbeir homes for fear of the kuklux,
while no white mao felt the need of any spccia l
precautions in consequence ol the terrifying
threat# and dialtoiical purposes attributed to
William*. Tne telegraph lulonucd ua some days
ago ot the result of the trial. Mitchell
was convicted, as a prisoner against whom theie
M such an aceamalatiun of undisputed evL
dence must have been in any court in the
the world. Mr. Johnson’s argument for bis
client is said to have been inferior to his usual
forensic efforts, and ho only rose to eloquence in
that passage where he expressed his disgust
and abhorrence for the odious conspiracy whose
existence he admitted, and the horrid baibari
ties and crimes committed by its members in the
pursuance ol its objects. There are still some
newspapers which affect to disbelieve in the re
ality of the ktiklux, and to think the disorders
in some parts of the south a trivial matter.
They have evidently’ not read the reports of
these trials, or trust that their readers have not
done so.
The “negro insurrection, in Chicot county,
Arkansas, of which the telegraphic dispatches
have given a rather exciting account, turns out
to be something else. It appears now that the
negroes were moved t<» lynch three notorious
desperadoes named Sanders, Garrett and pn
gan, who had piovokcd great indignation by
whipping and muidering negroes, and finally’
made a combined attack on a store where one of
their victims sought shelter, which they destroy
ed. The destruction of the store and the murder
perpetrated in connection with it, roused the
negroes to attack and destroy the three murder
ing desperadoes named. This is the “insurrec
tion,” from its beginning to its end. Having at
tacked and shot rhe three murderers, the ne
groes went to their homes and there was no more
disturbance.
Since Dr. Bliss professed to have found a spe
cific for cancer in the South American drng,cun
durango, it is surprising to learn how many
remedies forthat dreaded disease have been dis
covered, and how accessible they all arc. To
say nothingof the innumerable “cancer doctors,”
whose advertisements we see every day, each of
whom has his infallible nostrum, of which he
pathetically’ exhorts sufferers to avail them
selves for a consideration contemptibly trivial
compared with the benefits to be received from
its use, there is the man who announces that
the blossoms of the ordinary red clover, used in
ternally and externally in the form of tea and
poultice, never fail to cure the worst cases of
cancer, and the more recently discovered ben
efactor who lias long known that “wild weed,”
an herb giowing every where in the middle and
northern states, as the proprietor of a successful
patent medicine would sav, “one of our com
mon pasture weeds,” is a remedy which this dis
ease cannot resist. We have ceased to regard
these disclosures with surprise; there seems
reason to believe, indeed, that there are few veg
etable substances which will not cure cancer;
bu; we aie astonished that the ravages of this
loathsome disease have been tolerated so long
when an infallible specific may be found on
every hill-side. The victims of cancer have
reason to be as much surprised at their own and
their friends’ folly as Hopeful, Christian’s com
panion in Bunyan’s allegory, was at his, when
he exclaimed: “Why should we remain in this
loathsome dungeon when 1 have a key in my
bosom that will open every lock in “Doubting
castle?’’
Chicago and the Great Conflagration,
By Elias Colbert and Everett Chamberlin; with
numerous illustration; by Cluapin Gulick,
from photographic views taken on the spot.
Cincinnati and New York: C. F. Y T cnt, publish
er. This is a book for those who wish to know
all abuut Chicago and the great fire. The gen
tlemen who prepared it were in every respect
qualified to do tbeir woik well. It is much
more than a bare narration of the facts dealt
with, fur it is a complete account of Chicago,
its history, its growth, its business, and its re
markable development. Of course, nothing
which relates to the fire is omitted; and there
are scientific studies of the pe uliar character of
the conflagration. The pictorial illustrations
show ruins of burned buildings; but there is a
view of the site of Chicago as it was in 1820, a
view of Chicago in 1833, und a map of the city
as it is now.
“The Christmas Locket,” just published
by’ Roberts Brothers, Boston, is an extra holi
day number of “Old and New,” a connecting
“locket” between the old year and the new. It
is filled with bright and attractive stories,
sketches, and poems, appropriate to the season,
and will, doubtless, have many readers.
Appleton’s Journal, Monthly Part No. 33,
contains the five weekly numbers for December,
and gives its readers the usual variety' of mis
cellaneous reading and well executed pictorial
illustrations, beginning with a portrait and
biographical sketch of William Page, the artist.
Next comes a story, “Cousin Edith,” followed
soon by a sketch of Aiken, South Carolina,
“Bayou Tecke,” “The Boston Public Library,”
and the beginning of a serial story entitled,
“Lady Sweetapple, or Three to One.” No month
ly publication of the time has a greater variety
of valuable reading matter, or is more free from
bad writing, bad taste, and doubtful moral influ
ences. It is invariably a publication which may
be safely’ introduced into any family circle.
Among the illustrations in this monthly part
are portraits of Page the artist and Charles
Kingsley the author,{and many sketches of Amer
ican scenery. In this monthly issue begins an
admirable series of caustic pictorai sketches
entitled “The Habits ol Good Society,” which
those criticized ought to find wholesome. There
are also “Christmas Pictures” in abundance.
Blackwood’s Magazine, for December, re
published by the Leonard Seott Publishing com
pany, New Yorii, continues “Tin M lid of Sker”
and concludes the series ol papers ou Rome It
has the fiist part of a serial story entitled “The
Two M-’S. Skudmores.” The other articles are:
“Cornelius O’Dowd;” “Unreflicting Childhood
and Age,” a poem; “French Home Life—Chil
dren;” “Gerty’s Necklace;” “The House of
Lords;” and “Illustration,” m’aning “the
whole figurative machinery of fancy and imagi
nation.”
The Lakeside Monthly, for January, pub
lished at Chic.igo, is fl Jed with well written
articles most us wilich relate to Chicago; its his
tory, tiie great fire, the losses, an I Chicago in
the future being discus;?!. Oie of the articles
entitle i “Soienca of the Narthwesteri) Fires,”
has some curious speculations in regard to the
atmospheric causes and consequences of the
conti u ration.
Merry’s Museum, for D’comber, closes the
volume with one of its most attractive and valu
able numbers; and it promises that the next
volume shall be better than this,—a promise
which the enterprising publisher is sure to ful
fill. Published by 11 trace B. Fuller, Boston.
How Brrcher Beg;v:i Preaching.
I was asked to cross the river from Cincinnati
aud preach in Covington; and I went over and
began to preach there. I did not know but I
was going to stay there; and 1 wa> perfectly
willing to stay. But I was soon called by a
woman to Lawrenceburg. She was the factoum
of the whole church. And 1 went there and
spoke to a well-nigh empty building. I was set
tled over a town with two distilleries and twenty
devils in it. 1 was very pour. Tin re was no
patrimony coining to me, as you know. The
moment I was out of the eeminary 1 was with
out my father's support, and was obliged to
take care ol myself. I had a salary; but it was
a salary of only S4OO. And 1 took half of that
to go to New England to get married with.
And as the parish paid half of it, and the other
half was to com from the missionary society, 1
found myself very short of funds. I had just
eighteen cents in my pocket when I came back.
1 was taken up by a goo 1 Methodist brother for
about a week; and then I got rib se two rooms
to which I have alluded. They were up stairs.
One was the kitchen, cellar and sitting room; the
other was the library, bed-room and parlor. So
that wc had six rooms, calling each three. The
cellar was made by putting things under the
bed, and the other rooms were added by sundry
devices. Y’ou who go into flash houses, fur
nished by your grand-papas and gran l-mamas,
do not know anything about the joy- of house
keeping. Persons ought to begin at the bottom
to know what these joys are. And 1 began
I down there.
I had no idea that Ifcould preach. 1 never ex
peeled that I could accomplish much. I merely
i went to work with the feeling, “I will do as well
i as 1 can, and I will stick to it if the Lord pleases,
aad fight the battle the best way I know how."
i Aud 1 was thankful as I could be. Nobody ever
sent me a spare-rib that 1 did not thank God for
i tae kindness which was shown in*. I recollect
I when Judge gave me his cast off cloth
ing, I felt that 1 was sumptuously clothed. I
wme old coats and second hand shirts fur two
j or three years; and 1 was not above it cither
although sometimes, as I was physically asome
wnat well-devclope<i man, un i the judge was
thin and his legs were slim, they were rather a
i tight fit.
I here was a humorous side to this,but I could
I easily hive put a dolorous side toil. I could
have said, Humph! pretty business, son of Ly-
I man Beecher, president of a theological semin
ary, in this miserable hole, where there is no
church, and where there are no elders, aud no
men to make them out o This is nut accord
ing to my deserts. I could do better. I ought
not io waste my talents in sues a place. But J
was delivered from any sneb feeling. I felt that
it was an unspeakable privilege to lie anywhere
and speak ot Christ. I had very littie theology
1 —that is to say, it slipped away from me. I
knew it, but it did not do me any good. It was
hke an armor which ‘had lo»t its buckles, and
gatln Spn: Worcester, ^ribag gtonrmg, gerember 29, 1871.
would not stick on. But I had one vivid point
—the realization of the love of God in Christ
Jesus. And I tried to work that up in every
possible shape for my people. And it was the
secret of all the little success which 1 had in the
early part of my ministry. I remember that I
used to ride out in the neighborhood and preach
to the destitute, a*id that my predominant feel
ing was thanksgiving that God had permitted
me to preach the unsearchable riches of His
g race.— Christian Un ion.
Ari ill 'the Nmional Capitol.
A correspondent of the New York Herald
thus discourses upon some phases of American
art as seen at the eapitol:
Anybody who believes that the American owl
indulges in perpetual siuuibcin, ur only opens a
single eye in the dead of night to catch a
glimpse of the moonlight, has only to visit the
eapitol, as I did, to be convinced of his error.
Not more than forty paces from the stairway
marked "For Senators Only,” an inscription
suggestive of things not seen, and just inside of
one of the windows which admit light and air
into the cavernous recesses of the national capi
tol, this noble bird may be found by the curi
ous. The other birds seem uneasy in their
lattice work of vines and flowers and sweet po
tatoes and pineapples, but this fine fellow ha>
work Io du, ami lie does it, his task being to
uphold a painted bird cage, in which there is a
painted canary. Nothing couid be more ridicu
lous, and there could be no severer comment on
THE EMPTINESS OF AMERICAN ABT,
and yet we are expected to gaze upon this thing
and enjoy it, just as some people expect us to
enjoy the puerility ol Vinnie Ream’s statue of
Lincoln in the old hall of the house of represen
tatives.
I cannot forego what.comes to me in the light
of a duty—the duty of exposing this singular
freak of the artist’s brush as a specimen of the
art work done for the nation. After seeing it
once I went back again to see the owl, an 1 the
canary bird ami the bird cage, were really there,
feeling|rnthcr impressed that what J had seen was
only an ugly vision. After threading my way
among colonnades of every kind, and along bird
embowered corridors, in that upper deep, under
the committee-room and the halls of congress, I
at last came again apon that bird of worse omen
than Poe’s raven. There it may stay forever,
with the bird cage over it, unless Senator Wil
son’s expedient is adopted, and it is white
washed from before our offended eyes. But
the memory of this picture, and of many others
not unlike it in the same place, must not be al
lowed entirely to fade away. Paul Koncwkah’s
silhouettes arc grotesque, certainly, but these
are funnier than anything he ever drew, in his
drawings, especially in those which illustrate
the “Midsummer Night’s Dream,” there is
something which is very like art, even if we de
ny that his work is entirely artistic; hut here
there is no meaning—nothing but bald and pa
tent inanity. Yet that which has no meaning
in itself may teach an important lesson and pre
pare u= to break the images which disfigure
the eapitol and put American art to shame.
Whence came the idea of daubing the walls
of the eapitol with these crudities is one of those
undeterminable secrets which even the acute
ness of a U ashington newspaper reporter can-
not ferret out. Generally, the daubs which may
be seen on every hand aie attributed to
A CRAZY ITALIAN,
who got somebody’s ear in the time ol some
body’s administration and used the ill placed
confidence so atrociously. It matters little who
did the work. Most of it was done by Brumidi,
I believe; out it is scarcely worth while to as
certain definitely. Like the rash youth who
sought everlasting fame by firing the Ephesian
dome, and whose name was consequently
doomed to for get fulness, these heedless artists
deserve only oblivion. Brumidi had his day,
but Brumidi will soon be forgotten even among
his works unless that wondrous owl should keep
his memory green. All the fresco work has
been done within the last ten years, but even its
very vastness is appalling. The noted pictures,
at least in fresco, of the great Italian masters,
are outnumbered by those in the eapitol, which
connoisseurs of American art tell us are admira
ble. Senator Wilson is perhaps not a very good
judge of artistic perfections, but the beauties of
art have their effect even on the untutored in
tellect. I have already recited his opinion of
the fresco paintings in his committee room, but
perhaps the agricultural committee room of the
house is even more wonderful. “The paint
ings,” the visitor is informed in one of the
many guide-books of the eapitol, “are emblem
atical of the business Intended io be transacted
in it.” But this is a rather roseate description,
for the two pictures which first catch the eye arc
those unusually patriotic old gentlemen, Cincin
natus and Israel Putnam, leaving the plow. It
is nut often that any of the persons who under
take to show
WHAT THEY KNOW ABOUT FARMING
In this room have any correct notion of what a
plow is like. The plow, however, forms a very
important feature in the decorations of the
eapitol. In the famous bronze door, designed
by Crawford, at the main entrance to the senate
wing, peace and its attendant triumphs are rep
resented by this useful implement with a good
many people standing around and on it, until
one begins to feel a sort of sincere pity for the
much-abused plow. The defects everywhere ap
parent in the woiks of ait which are supposed
to adorn the canitol, arc due to the haste with
which the artists conceived and executed their
designs. Where there is originality there is
crudity, and whore there is not originality there
is a painful copying of threadbare ideas. Let
me illustrate. On the ceiling of the room de
voted to the farmers in the house are “beautiful
representations ol the lour seasons.” Any one,
even without seeing them, can form a very cor
rect idea of what these “beautiful representa
tions” are like, and wi 1 be prepared for the as
surance that I saw in one of the rooms belong
ing to the senate wing—-which one I do not now
call to mind, and I hope I never may—the signs
of the zodiac copied Irom some Poor Richard’s
almanac. And yet, by the retention of that
which is really good m the eapitol, and the lib
eral use ol the whitewash brush with the rest,
must of all by moving with deliberation in
whatever remains to be done, we may some day
come to be proud of the art work in and about
this noble building.
WHAT REMAINS TO BE DONE.
It is now too late to criticise the historical
paintings or even the groups of sculpture in
high relief which are special attractions of the
rotunda. The paintings are all by American ar
tists, and the subjects of both classes of work
relate exclusively to the early history of the
country. However deficient they may be in ar
tisticjmcril—and very little can be said fur them
in this respect—they are still valuable as speci
mens of our early artwork and as the embodi
ment of our earlier annals. Especially are they
valuable when wc remember mat access to them
is gained through
THE BRONZE DOORS
which Randolph Rogers executed at Rome for
his country’s eapitol. These doors are indeed a
masterpiece of art. No similar structure in the
world can compare with them, and they are no
less remarkable for their completeness of finish
than their purity of design. The much vaunted
doors of Crawford, which are held in particu
larly grateful remembrance as being the last
work of that lamented artist, can not be com
pared with them lor a moment. Crawford’s
pictures are crowded, and there is none of that
freedom of action which it is their design io rep
resent; the figures are too large, and the dis
tances, or what would he the perspective in a
painting, arc painfully faulty. Rogers’ work is
open to none of these objections, and vet his
subjects were historically more difficult and
artistically greater in their demands for kno vi
edge and study, as well as imagination,
A thorough scrutiny, not only of the
eight panels in the doors and of the
transom panel over them, but of the
figures and emblematic devices which
make the ornamentation so profuse, fails to re
veal a single anachronism. On the other hand,
there is an anachronism in Crawford’s work
which is astounding. It occurs on a panel re p
resenting an ovation to Washington at Trenton,
N. Y., while on his way to New York to assume
the office of president. Among the men assist
ing nt the reception of the great chief of the
nation is one man who wears a full beard and
moustache, exactly like those of President
Grant, while another wears a moustache only,
in the dainty style of rhe Broadway dandy of
the present day. The latter is said to be a poi
trait of the artist who designed the work, in
stead of the stiff and bare stuck of that period,
both wear modern neck-tics, and the head-dress
cf one of the young girls engaged in strewing
flowers before the Father of his Country is re
markable for its resemblance to the “nets” of
ten years ago. Even the hair of these marvel
ous Jersey men is in the must recent cur, and
could not be more faultlessly arranged by a
New York barber. I never saw anything to
equal it, unless it is a group in Pennsylvania
avenue representing the Last Supper, in which
the Savior and the Apostles sit bult upright on
littie wooden benches—a copy of the most fa
mous anachronism in the history of art. Ai
other objection to these doors is the offensive
advertisement of the Ames foundry, put osten
tatiously where the eye cannot fail to see it. But
with all its faults, this work is an excellent
companion piece to the mure excellent work of
the artist Rogers.
Sagacuj y of a Dog.—Port Jervis, N. Y.,
Dec. 24.—A tearful accident happened at Hugue
not, a small village on the Monticello railroad,
north of this place, Friday morning, by which
a little girl, six years old, met a horrible death,
and her mother fatal injuries. A Mrs. Glagier,
a widow, and her daughter Lillie, lived in the
family of Mr. Levi S. Van Etttn, at Huguenot.
As the family sat down to breakfast yesterday
morning, the little girl having been left in the
siting room, they were .startled by piercing
shriek-. Mr. Van Etten and Mrs. Glagier ran
at once to the sitting room, and discovered the
little girl enveloped in flames, and an English
bull dog, belonging to Mr. Van Etteu, tearing
her burning garments off her with his paws and
teeth. He had already taken over half of her
clotht ng off, and it is the opinion of Mr. Van
Etten that had he been left alone he would have
saved Hie little girl’s lite.
But Mrs. Glagier, crazed at the sight, rushed
forward and clasped her child to her bosom, and
held her close, thus baffling the efforts which
the faithful dog made, although singed and
burned dreadfully himself, to tear off the burn
ing clothing. Mrs, Glagier could not be made
to release her child until her own clothing was
on tire in many places, when the two were torn
apart, and the flames upon the mother extin
guished by the dog tearing off her clothing, as
be had endeavored to do for the child. The lit
tle girl was burned almost to a crisp. Her
screams and cries were terrible, and she begged
Mr. Van Etten to kill her. A physician was
summoned us soon a^ possible, but he -ould ren
der no aid, and the little girl lingered in the most
intense agony until two o’clock Saturday morn
ing, when she died, losing consciousness a few
minutes before death. Mrs. Glagier is terribly
burned, aud lies in a critical condition. Very
I little hope is entertained of her recovery. The
dog that exhibited more than human sagacity
in its effort to save the child, had been her con
stant companion, having been raised with her,
and taught to watch over her. Since the burial
of the child occurred, he wanders from room to
room ns if searching for her, uttering a plain
tive whine expressive of his grief. He takes no
food, and it is believed he will pine to death.—
Cor. N. K Times.
Typhoid Fever.
The health commissioner of New York, Ste
phen Smith, M. D., contributes the following
paper to the independent:
Typhoid fever is the great autumnal scourge
of our country. It attacks the high and the
low, the rich and the poor, the resident of Ihe
country, village and city. The family of the
I most humble and lowly seems no mure liable to
it than the family of the most exalted in wealth
and rank. It has no more respect fur the royal
family of Englund than for the poorest peas
ant’s household. Prince Albert fell a victim to
it, and to-day the heir apparent is prostrated un
der its remorseless grasp.
We may gain some idea of the vast harvest of
sickness and death, which this reaper annually
gathers from the following facts. It is estimated
that from 100,000 to 150,000 people annually suf
fer from this disease in England alone.
Hie causation of typhoid fever, though long
enveloped in obscurity, is now well known. It
is one of the so called “filth diseases” of modern
sanitary writers. Its most ordinary exciting
cause is air or drinking water befouled with cx
cremental matters, it is also quite certain that
a persun suffering from this fever may himself
infect the air ol bls room or the water which
receives his excreta with germs of the disease,
so as to transmit to others. A single case may
thus be the fruitful source of a widespread
epidemic.
The facts illustrating the origin of typhoids
from excremental matters in drinking water
are now very numerous and very instructive.
Every experienced physician can give striking
examples occurring under his own observation.
It nut unlriqnently happens that the actual
source ol the disease is very obscure, andean
only be discovered by the most persistent and
intelligent inquiry; but the scientific student
is gem rallv rewarded witii complete success.
The following examples will illustrate the meth
ods us communicating the lever:
In a small German settlement in the upper
part of the city there was a severe outbreak us
dysentery an I typhoid fever. A physician,
called to attend some of the cases, set to work
to find our the cause. On inquiry as to the
witer supply, he was directed to a spring on
low ground in the midst ol the settlement, so
situated ps to receive the surface drainage. The
water was pure and sparkling to the sight and
the raste, and was loudly praised by the owner
ol the spring. A quantity put in a bottle and
allowed to stand a tew hours threw down a thick
sediment us m ist offensive matter. The people
ceased to use the water, and the epidemic ceased
ar once.
In a neighboring village typhoid fever broke
out, and prevailed with great violence in a given
locality. Search was made tor the cause by Hie
attending physician, but in vain. They appeal
ed fur aid rot he healili authorities of New York;
and an expert tffi-er examined the history of
theoutbicik and the locality,and predicted ihat
a certain hydrant, which supplied the victims
with drinking watei, communicated at some
point with house drains or the street sewer. The
water pipe was examined, and at a distance from
the hydrant a house drain was found leaking
into it at a point where they traversed each
other. The repair of these pipes was the cure
of rhe epidemic.
While visiting an interior township of this
state, famous for healthfulness and the beauty
of its scenery, I became interested in the history
of a fam Iv which was suffering from typhoid
fever. Ol eight members five had perished,
and one was then fatally sick. On visiting the
locality, the house was found situated on an el
evation, and all its surroundings admirably ar
ranged for health. One could readily believe
the statement that there had not been a case of
sickness in the house for twelve years. The fol
lowing history of the presen sickness was given:
A lew weeks before the lever appeared the pump
in tiie well broke, and the farmer, being driven
with his work, neglected to have it repaired.
Meanwhile, the servant brought the water from
a spring at the foot of the hill, which soon be
became low, coving to the drought. He then re
sorted to a small brook, and from this source
the family were supplied for two or three weeks.
This stream, higher up, ran through several
farm yards and received the surface drainage.
Hie first symptoms of poison by this water was
slight nausea and a mild diarrhea; after several
days typhoid lever in its worst form was ushered
in. Of the entire family but two escaped an at
tack, and they did not use the water. An ex
awination of this water revealed a sediment of
excremental matters.
The death of Prince Albert by typhoid fever
gave rise to much discussion as to the source of
the poison. Export sanitarians contended that
he had been exposed to sewer gases, or their
equivalent. Court physicians denied that there
was any possibility of such exposure at Wind
sor castle, where he had spent several weeks
preceding the attack. A careful search was
made of the drains, sewers, &c., of the castle,
but no leakage or possible escape of gases
could be discovered. At length an old sewer
map of the district was consulted, and it was
found that before the castle was built an old
sewer ran across the grounds, draining an adja
cent settlement. This sewer was now explored,
and at a point directly under the library, where
the prince spent much of bis time, there i< a
break, allowing the escape of sewer gases di
rectly into the library.
One of the most important lessons for house
holds to learn is that excremental matters pol
luting the air they breathe, or the water they
drink, will cause typhoid fever. It should lie
called “excrement fever,” so that when the name
is spoken every one is reminded of its cause.
Far 100 little attention is given to this most
fruitful source of sickness and death in cities,
towns, villages, and by country residents. Ex
creincatal matters should be at once disposed
of, so that they cannot by any possibility taint,
the air we breathe or the water we drink. This
may readily be effected bv disinfectants, of
which tiie best is dry earth. Drinking water
should al wav s be taken fiom wells or springs
situated above the level of human habitations,
or so deeply, as artesian wells, that they cannot
receive surface drainage.
The Abuae* in the British Civil Service.
Lord Ellen borough, whose death has just been
announced, was ore of the last holders of “pa
tent places,” than which no more patent scan
d.d ever existed. His grandlather was a bishop,
and his father a famous judge, the man whom
Lord Macaulav terms “the bold and strong
minded L iw." Liw was a great lawyer and the
terror us timid harristeis. He it was who, when
a member oi “the sucking bar” faltered, “My
very union unate client, my lord,” rejoined,
“The court is with vou there, sir.” He hau an
awful temper, and was much more feared than
loved, but had great political as well as legal
weight; was rhe last chief justice who enjoyed
a seat in the cabinet, an I one of the very few to
whom suck distinction was ever accorded. The
prize piece of patronage in the gift of the chief
justice used to be the sinecure offi’e of clerk of
the court of qtieen’s bench—s3s,ooo a year—or
doing nothing but signing receipts for pay. For
the reversion of this Lord Ellenborough was
offered ■8400,000, bui he preferred keeping it for
Ins son, who just died.
\Vlieu the news reached him of the vacancy
in the office De was on horseback. Eorwith
dismonmmg, be then and there, with the pencil
in his pocket wrote bis sou’s appointment to the
ofii -e, making the seat of his saddle his table,
and his groom witnessed his signature. The
sun drew about >2,000,000 from this office, and
as be further held fur in my years the office of
governor genet al of India, salary 8125,000 and
all expenses p iid, he altogether didn’t do badly.
He was unhaopy in Iris marriages—his first
wife died childless; the second had one son
wao died young, and she was divorced from
her busband.
Some time iime since Mr. Grenville Murray,
natural sou of the late duke of Buckingham,
who attaine I great notoriety two years ago by
means of a p ipei called the Queen’s Messenger,
and subsequently became yet better known by
an article entitled “L >rd Coachington,” in which
he made reflections on the character of the
prince of Wales’ friend, Lord Carrington, which
resulted in the castigation of Mr. Murray, by
that noble lord —wrote a brilliant, gossippybooK
called “Th? Roving Englishman.” It contains
a sketch commencing “Sue was the daughter of
a famous old sea captain.” The lady referred
to is rhe countess of Ellenborough.
There is one “patent place” even better than
that held by Lord Ellenborough. Tins is en
joyed by a Rev. Mr. 1 iitirlow, great nephew of
the lord chancellor of his name. Lord Thurlow
was as stern and sat urine as his brother Ellen
borough, and, like him, t >o, had an excellent
notion of feathering his nest. He asked George
the Third for the bishopric of Durham—then
worth >150,000 a year, and the greatest prize
in the church—fur his brother. “Anything else,
my lord, than this; prelacy has always been be
stowed on a man of high connections.” fhen,
sir,” said Thurlow, “1 ask it for the brother of
the lord chancellor of England.”
The king was obliged to give way. The great
nephew of this pertinacious office-seeker has, for
heaven knows how long, been extracting, in
right of two patent places, 855,000 a year—being
85,000 a year more than the chancellor himself
has. From first to last he will certainly have
netted 82.500,000. Fancy St. Paul or St. Peter
quietly pocketing su< h a sum. And this, Le it
remembered, is in addition to his church prefer
ment.
Horace Walpole, before he was ten years old,
was endowed witii patent places worth 815,000,
which he retained for life.
It seems, in these days, almost unintelligible
how such monstrous abuses could have been
tolerated,
1 he system was first forcibly attacked by that
illustrious statesman who was tn so many re*
spects in advance of his age in what was lilw
eral and enlightened—Edmund Burke.—A. Y.
Post,
IteiUM.
A wild goose wns recently shot in lowa which
had a bone arrow-head six inches long embed
ded in its back. The wound was altogether
healed.
Public opinion was much outraged by the
sentence of a pauper, uiuety-flve years old, to
prison for one month, by an English magistrate,
lor u trifling offence; but when it was discovered
the next day that the agile veteran had scaled
the prison wall and regained bis liberty, the
public t loqght the sentence was reasonable and
his escape unfortunate.
I he “Cap uiu Bonneville” of Washington Irv-
Ing's Astoria, now Gen Bonneville of the Unit
ed States army, was married the other day to
Mss Neis, ut Fort Smith, Arkansas. The wed
ding took place on the fiftieth anniversary of tbc
groom’s first marriage. He has served in the
army more than fifty 4 years, and is now on the
retired list. Many persons, no longer young,
who have read of Capt. Bonneville’s exploits as
long ago as they can remember, and have never
beard of him since, would hardly be more sur
prised to read of the recent marriage of Daniel
Boone, the explorer of Kentucky.
Prof. Mac will be in the city for the ensuing two
•lays only. Make inquiry at the Lincoln house, or
at his agent’s, 208 Main street. You suffering dupes
from rheumatism l>eware in time; do not throw
money away in useless drugs. Bee testimonials in
another column.
Closing out sale of bonnets ami hats al Roche’s,
138 Main street. New and desirable goods.
Look in at E Whitney’s, 395 Main street, fora
nice diary and wallet combined; just the thing for
a New Year’s gift. All styles. Prices very low.
Grocers, butchers, and al! other parties who use a
nuantlly of blank books, are invited to call at E.
Whitney’s, where wholesale prices will be named.
Try Wilson Goodell’s crystal polish for clean
ing gold, silver and glass of every description. For
labor saving it has no equal. Warranted satisfac
tory. For sale by P. G. Skinner Sou, druggists,
No. 430 Main strwt.
i ja. riuiS'r jyLAj&Huhi us.
NEW YORK STOCK MAKKKT.
New York, Dec. 28.—Money tight this forenoon at l-'6
H per cent, but late In the day was loaned at 7 p> r
cent. The treasury paid SI 6V0.0V0 in gold onaciount of
.January interest, snd S^O.UOO in redemption ui 5-JOs. It
is reported that Alabama and Louis<nna have provided
funds to pay the January interest. The comptroller oi
I ennessev has called upon all solvent railroads of the
.-.tale to pay four per cent into the sinking fund, which
has been suspended since the rebellion, l lrs will retire
5400.000 of lennc-<>ee bonds. Sterling 10914 ,3) lo9h.
Gold firm at lush <q, KWV. Loans 3-32 (jf 12 per cent fur
carrying Clearings $13,900,000. The ticasury sale not
being balanced by the previous pa chase of bonis Is an
other contribuHon to the distress earned by the scare’ty
of legal tenders. Governments strong and higher, with
a good investment demand. State bonds thin. Stocks
Ann at the highest point of the day. The rumors of large
sales of puts in Waluish are denied. A prominent opera
tor sold a put us fifteen thuusand Eric at 31 for 30 days al
per cent.
United States Sixes, 1881 IK^'
United States 5-20's, 1863, coupons 10-i'n
1864, 109 4
1865, Hi Ji
new 15c5, II4U
1867, 1154
1868, 1154
10-40 s 091
United Btaies currency as ju4
Western Union Telegraph company 704
Pacific Mail Steamshio company 51
H. Y. Central A Hudson River consol'd 94 4
do Jo do do scrip t-9 4
Eric railroad 324
do preferred 63
Harlem railruaa J is
do preferred 122
Reading raliroad IH4
Michigan Central railroad 14
Union Pacific railroad stock ^4
Panama railroad '.O
Lake tsnore a jrlcng tu '■outbc a it 924
Illinois Central railroad 1
Cleveland and Pittsburg i«ur«u 1284
Chicago tnd Norin wester a rallrta n
Cleveland. Columbus A Cincinnati rauruad. .m
New Jersey Central raiiroa t iu)
i.-ci uu. a- 1064
Milwaukee and st Pam rat roan
do do prci 78 4
T /ledo and Wabash railroa 7
do pref 84
Fort Wayne and Chicago ra rua 95
Alton and Terre Haute railroad 1.5
do praterred 45
Chicago and Alton railroad 116
do preferred .....120
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 45^
Hartford and Erie railroad 2"<
Columbus. Cincinnati a Ind. Central R R ...19
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy K It 125
Hannibal and st Joseph R R 53
Central Pacific gold bonus io:<4
Union Pacific railroad Ist murt. 6» 924
Union Pacific land grants i 9
Union Pacific railroad income 10s 82
Tennessee state 6's. new 64
Virginia state 6’s, new 554
Missouri state 6s 9,8
North Carolina state 6s, new 12
South Carolina 6s. new ^4
BOSTON STOCK HM Es-Dec.2B
$98,000 Hartford ana Erie railroad 7s. new 29H@29>4
Stoo Stanstead and Chamblyls 84
§IO,OOO Kalamazoo, Allegan «t Grand Rapids 83 92
16 Boston and Albany rmiroac 148
100 Cin. Sandusky and Cleveland RR 204
12 Eastern railroad nq
4 Michigan Central railroad 114 4
19 <lo do rights 2.20
2 Ogdensburg A Lase Champlain R R si
Old Colony and Newport railroad 114
40 Phil., Wil. and Baltimore railroau 55
50 Rutland railroad, pret 80
24 Vermont and Canada raiiroa t 984
10 Great Falls and Conway railroad 93
DOMESTIC MARXEtk.
New York. Dec. 28.—Cotton dull at He dec’ine; sales
1211 bales; middling uplands 20c. Flour—st ite and west
ern more active and steadier; sales woo bbls; state §5.60
on low grades; Ohio $6,40 7 39; western 55,60 7.15;
southern $6,50 9.25 Wheat very quiet an 1 firm; sales
bush; No 2 s ring $1,47 (ih 1,59; winter red western
$1.57 1,59; white Michigan 51.62 GJ 1.7-’. Corn firm,
with a fair export and home trade demand; sales 90,009
bush; new mixed western 77 01 78c; old 774 78c. »ats
more a 1 ive; sales 56,0J0 bush: Ohio and western 54 01
56c Beef quiet. Imrk a shade firmer: new mess $14.37
01 $14,75; old $13.12 0j 13,'5 Lard a shad.' tinner at 8
0 94c. Butter steady. Whiskey steady and lower;
western free 93 4 0. 94.-, closing sellers at inside prices,
Ric quiet at 84 0 KMc. Sugar dull; refining 9 9‘»c.
Coffee in moderate request; Rio 19 (o; 214 c. Molasses
in fair request; New Orh ans 45 01 55c. Spirits turpen
tine dull at 67c; rosin nominal, at $4,910 $5 tor strained.
Petroleum dull; crude 134 0 13\c; refined 23 0 23'40.
Tallow steady at 8-4 0 94c.
Chicago, Dee. 28.—Floor dull and unchanged. Wheat
opened firin. bat closed dull, at a slight advance: No 1
spring $1.21 4 No 2 do SI.IS U; No Bdol. u’i 0 1,084;
rejected $1,91. oni opened firm but closed dull: No 2
mixed 404 c; rejected 374 c. Oats dull and a siiadc lower;
No 31hc; rejected 2.Sc. live dull and unch 1 ige I. Bar
ley duL No 2 spring (ID's 0 69 .c. Pork advanced and in
fair demand; mess $13.15 0 13,20. Lard in fair demand,
dealers apart at 84 0, HXc. Hams in pickle. 8 0 9c.
Green meats firm; hams 64 0 8c: shoulders 3.0 4c:
rough sides 54c; short ribs 54 0 5 4c; short dear mid
dles 5 n @s4c. Bulk meats in fair demand and mi
vanced shoulders 44c; sides 54c; short rib middles 54
0 6c; short dear middles 64 0 64c. Beef hams steady
at 224 0. 23c. Tallow quiet and firm. Live hogs dull.a
live and higher, at s4.<is 0. 4.50; dn-ssed nogs advanced
toss, closing firm. Whiskey opened firm. Inn dosed
dull at 89c 1 Receipts—JOiJOjthls flour. 14,0J0 bush wheat.
181.001* bush c0rn,20.000 bush oats. 1090 bush 1 ye, 7000 bush
barley, 9000 hog-.. Shipments—3ooo 'd is doiir. 100Jbush
wheat, 11,000 bireh corn, 13,090 bush oats, 1,009 bush bar
ley. 2.000 hogs.
Cincinnati, Dee. 28.—Pork—advance a ked l>ut none
established; sales nt513,25, now asking $13,5.1 0 13.62.
Lard in fur demand and alvanced: sales at BHc, now
askingß4c. Bulk meats—fu'l prices asked an t no <le
manu. Bac m—demand ight and holders firm; shoulders
6*tc; sides 74c. Live bogs ac:ive and higher, al $4.40
$4.70. Whiskey in good .demand at 91c.
new Orleans, Dec. 28.—Cotton irregular; middlings
at 19Sc.
WORCESTER RETAIL I'RH E CURRENT-Dee. 28.
FLOUR—Fancy brands, ^1 bb| $10,50 $12.50; choice
Si. Louis brands. $9,00 0 $10,00; common extras, SB,OO
0 $9.50; superfine. $7.99 0: 8.00.
GRAIN AND MEAL—Northern (tom, bush $1.25;
western mixed, 8,5 90c. Rye bush SI.OO. Oats fl
bush 70 0 75c. Common meal fl 1.65 lbs $1.70 0 $1,75;
bolted and rye meal, 3 0 4c fl 1b; shorts, td 100 tbs
$1.70 ("J $1.80; fine Iced $2.25: middlings, $2.50. Buck
wheat. $1.25 $1 bush. Buckwheat Flour 6c 'rd lb.
PROVISIONS—Beef, roast pieces, lb 20 25c;
steaks, rump 20 25c; round 18 20c; corned 10 0; 16c
dried 25c. Veal roast ing 20 0 25c; steaks from legs 30c
lb. Lard fl lb 14 0 16c tripe lb 12c; salt pork %1 lb 10
14c fresh pork 12 0 1.5 e; hams, whole, lb 0 16c;
sliced pieces 28c; mutton 0 —c: sausages, $1 lb. 15
o—c; sage 25c; eggs doz 45 0 48c; neats tongues 20c
3d lb; butter, firkin 35 0 38c; lump 49 0 4.1 c; cheese^! lb
17 0 20c. Bologna sausage 20c lb. Hogshead cheese
20c fl lb; sage cheese, 20c Id th. Chickens 23 0 25c r< lb.
Lamb 12 0 20c fl lb. Pigeon-$2,00 fl doz Turkey-23
0 25c fl th. Fowls 18 0 2.’c Id lb. Quails 35c tach Ven
ison 30 th. Gee se 20c %l lb.
PRODUCE-Beuns. 750100 c $1 peck. Pickles 60075 c ?1
gallon. Potatoes, early r ise .'sc fl t eck; common 25c.
Onions 40c ^lpk. Turnips 35c «l peck. Cabbages 2c $1
lb. Squashes 3c lb. Beets 35 fl p. cK. Carrots 41c fl
neck. Pumpkins 10c each. Sweet potatoes -c «l !b.
Celery 25c $1 bunch. Parsnips 25c 3d Ih.
FRUITS—Apples $4 01 SIM 1»b1.6u 0 b^c 3H pk Raisins
15 0 25c 3d tb. Lemons 250 40c fl iioz; 31 box $5,50056.
Figs $1 tn 20 ©2sc. English Currants 3d lb 12c. itron
0 60c lb. Walnuts i2c fl quart. Grapes 10 30c
fl lb. Chestnuts, 20c 3P quart. Cranberries. $1.25 i-l peck
Pears 75c $1,25^1 peck. Quinces si,oo fl peck Havana
oranges co@ 75c %1 doz; Valencia oranges 4-c doz;
$7.50 fl b-x.
GROCERlES—Sugars—Crushed and granulated fi tb
13 0 14c; brown sugars 10 124 c; maple sugar 0
csl lb. Molasses $1 gal 35 0 75c; N Orleans 85© 1,00
3*l gal. Syrups 75c 0 $1.40 38 gal. Soaps—chemical. 12
0 —c; bar 18 36c. Black 1 eas 90 $1.30 '{.l It.; Greel
SI.OO $1.301b. Coffee—pure Mocha. 3fl |i. gyc; pine
Java, 40042 c; mixed coffees, 12 25c. ‘ocoa. >1 th 45c;
chocolate, 45 50c; shells, 25 30c Brenna, 50 55c $1
lb. Tallow Candles, $1 lb 15 18c; Sperm <lo 35 0 40c.
Rice, fl lb. 10 12e. Kerosene Oil, 30 35c fl gallon.
Sperm Oil, $2.00 0 2.25 per gallon. Honey, <9c 3d lb. Jap
anese teas $1 1,30.
FlSH—Haddock lb. 10c; fresh coil, 12c. dry, 701 9c:
solid oysters, 3>l qt. 40©60c; lobsters, 10c; Halibut
20c. Smoked salmon, 30c 3d lb; pickled salmon 2Uc;
Pickled Herrings, 30 0 40 fl doz. Smelts 25c 3d lb.
Pickerel, 25c 3< th. Ponts, 20c. Clams, 50c 'fl peck.
Quahogß 60c $1 peck. Hyperion cod 17c «j ih.
COAL-Franklin, 3d ton, $12.00; Lehigh, $11,00;
Chestnut, $10,50; Bituminous. $10.50; Lackawanna, >ll,
seventy-five cents a ton less than these prices when de
livered at the yard. Charcoal—Hard. 50c; chestnut, 40cTH
basket.
WOOD AND HAY-Wood^ cord, walnut $lO, hard $8
10,green hard $9. chestnut and hemlock $707,50, pine
$5 07, limbs. $5 Hay. fl ton. old new ^3u
SH. Rye straw, fl tun $22 39.
Foreign Markets.— [Bv Atlantic Cable.j
London. Dec. 28.—Consols closed al 92H. Bunds firm
er. U. S. 5-20 s, 1862, 92M do. 1865. old, 84; do. 1867, 94 h
u. s. ten-forties oih.
The bullion in the Bank of England has decreased
xi 20,000 daring the week.
At Fiankfurt, Dec. 28, U, S. 5-203, 1862. 96K.
Liverpool. Dec. 28.—Cotton closed quiet; middling
uplands 9X lOd; do Orleans 10Md; sales 19.000 bales.
Marion United States Watch Co.'s (Giles. Wales
»t C 0..) Watches were awarded the First Premiums at
"Fair of American Inslitute," New York, 1870. at Fair
of ‘•(Hilo MechMiies* Institute,” Cin innati, 1870. at
"Louisiana State Fair," New Orleans. La 1870. at
••Toxas State Fa r," Houston, Texas, D7I. and at every
Fair where exhibited, over all competitors.
<129 u.lA’di-
So rapidly does health decline when attacked by
kidney, bladder and glandular diseases, mental and
physical debility, diabetes, gravel, female Irregularities
and maladies of the urino-genital organs, that no time
.should he lost in partaking of an occasional dose oi
Smolander’h Bi chu, which will drive the above coin
plain’s out of the system, ant a restoration to health
will surely ensue. dcop&wlw d2]
Pno DRESS op THE Revolution.—A new light dawned
upon Ihe world with the introduction of Plantation
Bitters twelve years ago. Drastic purgation went out
—restoration and renovation came in. The eyes of li;e
people were opened to the great fact that the way to
cure disease is to strengthen and support its victims, not
to place them at its mercy by depriving them of the
little strengtli they have, it soon became evident that
as a means of infusing vitality into the feeble system,
regulating tiie secretions, caring lndlg?slion, and reform,
i-g a bilious habit ol body, no medicinal preparation
then known was at ait comparable to the new reslora-.
live, Binqethen hußdruds of attempts nave been made
to rival the Bitters. They have all failed, and the Grand
Revolution in Medical Treatment, which was com
menced in 1861, Is still In progress. Nothing fan stop it
for it is founded on the principle, now universally ac
knowledged, that physical vigor Is Ve most formidable
antagonist of all human ailments, and experience Ims
shown that Plantation Bitters Isa peerless Invigor
ant, r- w< II as the best possible safeguard against epi
dem|c dlseqscs. dvupAwl^ 029
Mas. ORUNnr says that Soiodont eclipses all other
preparations lor Ihe teeth and gums. And what Mrs. (1.
says Is reiterated most emphatically by n nety-nine
one-hundredths of the Iteauty and fashion us the land.
d 27 dW&F
Persons who have become thoroughly chilled from
any cause, mav have their circulation at once restored
by t^ug Into the stomach a tea-spoonful of Jultruon's
Anvdwe Uniment mixed ip a Utile cold water, well
sweetened,
Evcrj’ firmer who owns a good stock of horses, cattle
and sheep, and intends to keep them through the winter,
should gel at once a good slock of Shertdan't Cuvalry
Condition owdert. One dollar’s worth will save at
least a bUf ton gs hay, fleop&wiw dia
Special polices.
A Curd.—The undersigned takes pleasure to express
his sincere thanks to his friends and lellow-workmen at
James’Mill, for the fine silver 'line keeper thev pre
sented him before Ms departure from Jamesville
4M dlt g. findeihen.
Putents Secured.
Re-lssuov. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
luterferences conducted; all kinds of business witii the
r PATENT OFFICE,
Transfers of Riglit.s. and Patent Cases attended to. bv
m, v ARNOLD. Worcester, Ma-s.’
Of hue No. 393 Main St.
dtf
»oice.u 1 i-.„ uJJ
OFFICE, NO. OB MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank Is open every business day.from nine o’clock
in the morning to five o’clock In tiie afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars nif iced, uni put upon interui on the fist of ner^
month.
Dividends of Interest are made In muary and
July, and if not withdrawn arc added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive Interest, Three Dol
I CLARENDON HARRIS.
JY* dtf Treasurer.
Th* Worcester Mechuulci Hue tana
Ui CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open dally for the receipts of Deposit*
Deposits put upon interest on the Fifinnth day o*
such month.
Ssoi? Lnnua< Dividerda in January and July.
HAHRraON BUBS Pres Weal.
H. WeonwAxn. Trewr.
Worcester County tnetituiiou tor Having*
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered Ftbruary 8,1823.
Deposits put on intercut en the first day of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 WO.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK, President.
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
Veoplc’e MtsviUK* Itunk.,
452 MAIN ST.
DcpoMitN Nov. I,’Tl £3.049,033 88.
Deposits are put on interest on the first day of every
month.
The net profits are divided semi-annually, in February
and August.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank is open
from 6 to 8 o’clock Saturday Evenings, for tiie con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C M. BENT, Treas.
Worcester, Nov. 2.1871. dAwtf n 2
Worcester <j>u« l.iuht Compaiiy
C<> KE.
This Cheap and most De iraule Fuel for Manufac
tirr.g purpose^ and Faintly use. is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices:
f'ne Chaldron of 36 bushels $5.09
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron. 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may be made, and orders toritsdelivery will
be issued only at the Ofllce 01 the Com pan v No. Bank
Block. Foster ri reet. up stairs. dtf ja4
*1 Tl®
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'3 SAVING 3 HaNK BUILDING
Worccstar
GEORGE M .Tioz, President.
Receivet Monn/ on Deposit subj^t to Cteck at Si'jht
KUlt ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCE**
AT THE: KATE OF
TOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
^ms'.l Safes, encloses in Burglar I’roof Cases, to which
the Renter alone has access, are offered to the public so»
rmt. at prices varyirtg 'Mm $1.5 to each per ■.nMiiii.
Il if a ph;.'. .y. v .-.nr.,st Fire nr Duriiic.rtfQl
depGslUnz Valuab.es 4*!l l.;>id».
Bonds. Mortgage-. Wills, Deeds, Jewe’ry, Silver Plate,
&e., received at. very low rates, fu-' which receipts art
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Canes, and Smail Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 h. to 6 a.m.,
and a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security other wise Afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
).vl4 dtf SAM UETj T. BIGELOW. Rec’v
The Great Pictorial Annual
Hostetter's United States Almanac fur ISO'S, for dis
tribu'ion. gratis, thruughont the United States and all
civilized countries of the Western Hemisphere, is now
published and ready for dellven, in the English. Ger
man. French, Norwegian. Welsh, Swedish. Holland, Bo
hemian and Span!-li languages, an I all who wish to
understand th true philosophy of in alth shot Id read
and ponder the valuable suggestions it contains. Jn
addi'ion to an admirable medical treatise on the causes,
prevention and ’cure of a great variety of diseases, it
embraces a large amount of information interesting to
the merchant, the mechanic, tiie miner, the tanner, the
planter, aud professional man; and the calculations have
been made tor such meridians and latitudes as are most
suitable for a correct and comprehensive National Cal
END All.
The nature, uses, and extraordinary sanitary effects of
Hostetter’s Stomach Biller-, the staple tonic and alier
ativeofmore than half the Christian world, are fully
set fort hin its pages, which are also interspersed with
pictorial illustrations, valuable recipes tor the household
and farm, humorous anecdotes, and other instructive and
amusing reading matter, original and selected. Among
the Annuals to appear with me opening of the year, this
will be one of the most useful, and may be had for the
asking. The proprietors. Messrs. Hostetter Smith.
Pittsburgh, Pa., on receipt of a two cent stamp, wi l lor
ward a copy by mail to any person who cannot procure
one in his neighborhood. The Billers are -old in every
city, town and village, and are extensively used through
cut the entire civilized world. dJcwlw d2B
Safety and Profit.
First-class Railway Mortgages are now Hie most popu
lar securities—combining, as tiny do, absolute safety
with a remunerative rate of interest. HIE FIRST
MORTGAGE eJoint binkins Fund Six per Ct
Gold Bond* us the VERMOST DIVISION of the
PORTLAND AND OGDENSBURG RAILROAD
TRUNK LINE are being rapidij’ absorbed by those
making conversions ut their 5-10’s an 1 other hivh-p'ieed
bonds. With a local, through and pleanire bu-mcss,
either of these sources sufficient lo meet al.’ inti r st ol>-
ligatijns and operating expenses, the Bonds of this sec
tion of tiie Shortest Tfunk Line rom the Lakes lo the
Atlantic cannot fail to advance to par a> this n< w En
gland enterprise rapid.y approaches com plc ion.
i’rice at present. 90 and Accrued Interest in ('urrency.
For painpbie<s. with fall in ormatlon apply to Finan
cial Agents—E. T Fairbanks Co., -t. Johnsbury
Vt.; Fairbanks Jr C0.,252 B-oadway. New York; Fair
banks, Brown Co., 1 8 .Milk st.. Boston; Fairbanks
Ewing, 715 Chestnut st., Philadelphia.
FOR SALE BY
RICE, WHITING BULLOCK Worcester,
and all leading Banks and Brokers.
deQp&w4w
A 11 Iboit in the Field.
Yes, a million of men. to say nuthlng of the ladles,
know by experience that
Cristadoro** Excrl-ior Hair Bye
produces shades of color that seem to have been brought
out by nature itself. They know. too. it Is free from
all injurious matter, bee ius<* they have used It for years,
and thus tested it by a process more certain than even
chemical analysis itself. In fict, Ilie dallv experience of
multitudes of both sexes, confirms the declara ion of tlso
first analytical chemist in America, ihat the ENcelsior
Dye contains "nothing debterious to health A good
dressing should he used alter Hie dyeing, and the best is
CRiBTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
<ls deop£weowlm
Xutritiop; Ikow Possible.
The blood is simply this:—A Solution of Foor*.
Now it Is the function of the blood, io build up at^m.
continually every portion of tlic fame. But lor this
building up process, it is not enough .that b’ood he pre—
ent. simply. Tlieye mud also, so to speak, be a wliling
nessand readiness, on the part of muscle or brain, or
whatever else it may be, to take up from tfiv Uaod the
peculiar nourishment ii may stand in need of. "Due
man,’’as the saying goes, vmay Ivnd the horse to the
water, but twenty men cannot make h:m drinkwe
must make the horse willing; we must coax him s.<.
also we must coax the worn-out muscle, the worn-out
brain, to drink—drink of the life-giving bloodstream
that washes, as it were, its very lips. There is nothing
that coaxes the unwilling horse, in this case, like Ur
Gottlieb Fisch’s Bitters!
Thhsubiect continued next week under‘7/ow to En
joy Winter." deop&lw d 25
ICrKer and lieaper
THAN ANY OTHER BOQIs OK SHOES;
THGSi; FASTENED WITR
U4B L E SCR EH’ IF 1R F
BErTER-Bccauße they are more Pliable, more <nn
fortable, are V\ ater-piooi, andard wariamed not to hip
or Gape.
CHEAPER—Bruanse. while their first com is not m
“"I 4 1 ur P‘'*b’ed work ot a like grad- shell
Durability is far gieater, they pre-erve their Shape much
Wear' ln l lucres a more Equal
Equ dl>- applicable to light and heavy work
f he immense demand having called forth imllatiup
tvei
Sold by Dealers everywhere. dcop7w nl3
Mathews Dbatuberiuiu,
PLUMBERH,
Corner Waldo and Exchange Sts., Worcester. «*u
Bath Yuns and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bow;«-
Wash Trays, Binks &c Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
In a thorough manner. dtf jyfi
Ikatcheloi-’s Hair This superb Hair Dve
is Hie best in the world- perfectly Uanulos. reliable and
instantaneous; nu disappointment; uo ridiculous tints
m disagreeable Oder. The genuine Win. A Batchelor's
Hair Dye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural Brown: leaves the hair clean, soft, beautiful
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious coni’
pound. Sold by ail Druggist*. Factory. 16 bond st. N
Jin iviu
Lea l*ci-rins* Nance,
pronounced by connoisseurs “THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE.’’
Il improves appetite aud digcrtlon, and It Is unrivaled
for its flavor. We aie directed by Messrs. Lea <fc I’ek
rins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
terfeits. JOHN DUNCAN’S SONS. Agents.
•uU dooptai New York.
I>r. C. F. Harwood,
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
n 2 d3m
Dohn M. Clarß Non, Coin ail sson Merchants
end dealers tn Flour and Grain, Land Plaster, Lime. C»1
cinefi Pia-iiT, or. Bone. Cement. Salt, Guano. «upcr
ph -spbaie of Lime, an W-’iWa Produce, Nn ß 237 and
239 Front Ht.. V. reorder
rnmr <*r arf hon
I>l*. <4. 11. Hukrr,
DENTIST.
22 Pearl st ..opposite the Post Ofllce.
n 2 <Wm
Ur. Henry f. Olnrk>
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
Oe». Ej Hatpin «C’Co., Uouimisson Merchants
*nd Dealers 'a Flour, Corn, Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal ol al
kinds, Fine and Coarse Feed. Linseed Oil Meal. Me
i.M
I.- H. Hammond* M-
HAS REMOVED TO NO. 1 MADISON ST.
Office, as heretofore. No. 10 (new number) Myrtle
ore nio
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed tor Money on Call E. A. GOODNOW,
i> 1B
In tins city, Dec 28, Ellen Maiien, only child of Lucius
M and Emma G Green, aged 2 yrs 7 mo- 17 days.
1 uneral on Saturday at 2 ./c ock, at their residence,
19 .1' lout st Relutlves and trends are invited to attend.
U>cLy. Dec -.8. Temperance C. wile of Jared
Hf >t, aged 54 yrs 11 moa.
Jjcto ^ijbertisements.
A SPECIAL CONVOCATION of
D rce.-ter K >yal Arch Chanter will t.e held at
AT Ma*mic Hail, THIS FRIDAY EVENING,
Per order of the H. P.
d 26 dlt R. JAMES TA IMAN. Scc’y.
By J. P. HALL CO., Auctioneers.
No. 589 Main st.
RUCTION SALE
OF
HOUSEHOLD FI RMTI HE,
CROCKKUY A.ND UEUDINGr,
Saturday, Dec. 30th,
at 2 o’clock r. u At Salesroom, Ml) Mala St.
CONSISTING OF
OXE PARLOR SET,
1 MAKBLE TOP TABLE. 1 EXTENSION TABLE,
LOUNGES BEDSTEADS. Mattresses, Feather Beds;
also, a 10l of Crockery and Glass Ware. Table Cutlery.
Ac.
At 7 o’clock in the evening, a lot of MACHINISTS’
Tools and CHEST; also, a lot of CARPENTER’S
TOOLS.
dz‘J d2t .1. I’. HALL *V CO., Auct’rs.
SKEPTICAL SUFFERERS OF RHEU-
MATISAI. make enquiry of the well known ciilzen,
Mr Chfibrd. aa to Prof. Mac's Plasters; as also the tes
timony of Mr. iloblnson. Facts are stubborn things
that cannot be omroverted
[Co y of Warn- r Clifiord's Testimonial.)
Nearly three mon us past, 1 called on not Macre
spect nx hij Pl is ers fir l.'ncamatism, of which I hive
bci n a uti rer >4r many years, having tiled numerous
r- medics, from which I never found permanent relief. 1
had iu- 1 i-ier> applies to my ailing parts. Injustice
lu his remedy, irom tue valuable services rendered me. 1
strunglv r- cuinnund them lo all sutler rs, to avail them
selves of I may siy his wumie- fui i last rs.
WARNER CLIFFORD.
Carriage Hepositery.
155 Main street, Woicester, Mass.
Dec 22. 1871.
[FromJolin Robinson]
Calais, Vt., Nov. 9.1871.
pßor. Mac: Dear Sir—l .have worn the PLa-teron
my h p.\< u .'ent me. fifteen days; it seems to help my
hip some, but my leg is st iff and lame some between my
h-pand knee; my kneels pret y good; the pain works
around to mv back some. 1 can't bend my nip so as to
ride in a buggy wagon without putting my loot back
under Ili s. ;u, and muting my knee down, and perhaps
1 never shall, but I can sit up Ina chair tietier than 1
could be*ore 1 wur the Plaster. 1 don’t have so much
pa n, and can go lienor. 1 sweat some, and the plaster
worked u some off-he h p joint. 1 tojk it offthis
morning and warmed it over and put it on lower down.
1 would dK •io wear it longer ii 1 can-it feels better, i
would like more- p asiers on my btp and leg if it would
doany good There are others hre that I think will try
you i lasters L 1 get any permanent good by it. and 1
th nk I wnl ii 1 persevere. My complaint is an old one.
aiut ii will be likely to tie sometime in doing me much
good if ever. Yuurs respectfully,
JOHN ROBINSON.
Mils. BRIGHT re-.ipeiis her School for
Uluidrcn ana Misses, at 20 Jefferson street,
TUESIIAY, SU (Januat-y.
Instruction given in all English Branches; also, in
Latin, I rencli, Conversational'y and Grammatically.
Music, Drawing aad Painting. References kindly p< r
muted to Dr. Jos. Sargent, Rev. J. J. Power, city; Kt.
Lev. Bi-hop o tenheimer, Burlington, N. J. Rev. Dr.
Diehl. Frederick, Md. d3.* d 29
n 2 GOOD NEW MILCH COWS,
C llve h y *br .-ale orexchauge. one Ayr-
V^sPshin-1 letter, to calve in January. One goo.’.
road Horse. By ELNATHaN PRATT,
<i~9 dtf No. 10Salisbury st.
AN TED —Employment, either as nurse,
it or would do wahing and ironing; will, go out bv
the day or take the work home. Apply at Nu. 99 East
Central st. d3t* d 29
HELP WANTED. —The Fiskdale Cotton
Mill'are about starting their second new Mill, and
liuei-n or twenty experienced Families a. e wanted, to
work m the diff rent departments us the mill. Address,
by ktier to, or call in person, on
B. S. CHACE, Agent,
dtf Ei k a.e. Ma-.-.
SITUATION WANTED—-To do general
housework. Apply at No.B Washington Square.
dtf
IVANTED- By a young girl, a situation;
is a good cook, washer and ironer; in a private
family. Ca lat No. i<7 Mechanic st. d3t* 029
GEEMAN LADY' desires pupils, either
XB. singly or in classes. For termsappiy at 13 Ashland
-i. d3t*
B( >Y WANTED— In our Store,*tolearn the
Crockery Ware Business.
KNOW ETON BROTHERS,
‘l-9 d3t Mechanic st.
A GIRL WANTS A SITUATION—I'u
do chamber or second work, or work in a small
family. Apply at No. 8 Slater’s Place. d3l* <129
RENT—A Tenement, 31 Bowdoinst.,
A with bam if wished.
JOSEPH A. HOWLAND,
029 _dtf 8 Loudon st.
^j*() LET—A Carpenter’s Shop, in the rear
A of the Farmer’s Hotel, Mechanic st. Inquire ot
d-9 dtf justin Howard.
TOST- A GENTLEMAN’S BOSOM
Ai-J i’IN, on 28ih in t. The tinder will be suitably re
warded by leaving it at 328 Main sl„ (new number.)
u 29 d2t
IVOTICE TO CAPITALISTS AND
INVESTORS.
TRUSTEE’S AUCTION SALE OF
SUPERIOR. REA.L ESTATE
And Manufacturing Property,
EMBUACING
WOOLEN FACTORIES,
Dwellings for Maungera and Operatives
WITH ABOUT
800 ACHES OF VALUABLE LAND
ATTACH’D.
The under Ignod. Trustee, wi 1 offer for sale at Public
Auction, at the Lxchangb Salesroom, on Second
^niEr.i. in the CITY OF BALTIMORE, Mu, on MON-
D\ 1. the Bih day of January. 1872. at I o’clock P the
wed-known anil extensive w OOLEN FACTORIES situ
a c I in it etheredsvll e. in Baltimore County, about 3U
miie- from -h- eiiy f Baltimore, with the Bm'dingannd
and aficn d. and the Machinery, Fixtures, inwle
men:s and I tonsils c.mnectcd with the premise*
a.b.dn^'l lxc<!llent P«rt
Tl..- Mwroehliw to an^ throneh the property
are excellent. I here is abundance of forest shade trees
ami tine running springs with pure water.
I la- bianklln Mill.” main building of stone, is five
s'oriv n gn, Hit' 'en aindi-r two stones, in ail about 199
n-e; long Dye and Dr\ Houses of stone. This mill
c ntain- six sets of Woolen Cards, with appropria e
tn chiivry.
Ih-. \shlanu Mill.'* main building of stone, ono tf torv
h Hl, IH) feet long, ant contains two sols ut Woolen
Card- an 1 machinery.
I hese mil'- are now In operation. The o’her buildings
con-Hi ot one large stu .o infin>ion. fourteen rooms
tabling lor if horses c irHago nouse and spring house,
an-i name cottage nnh eight room-, (t hese two houses
arc in u >eant I oil park ot l-irge forest trees) Two dou
ble Grucuin n ame i ntagc-s. one double Elizabeths tnime
..ullage, thre e Mone dwelling- with back buildings, eight
stone sellings wnh brick buihlitig- <me '’Cedar Grove”
frame CO'tae, ten lar.e fr: V nu dwellings, two stories,
wild tom ba-Hiients, and tv.o other stone dwellings
The watei-HHH ixtv-tlve feet head and fall, in
.hivt I ot winch are How uti ized to dnve the
"f n»'iLl;n‘ and "Ashland” Mills.
1 cirtlc s are reqmstcd to e xamine tin property betorc
pencil hi.-g a In rs railroad irenu the cilv passesabuiit
9c)o icet trom the place.
m and near >he plummy aro two churches, two stores,
one ihid-fellows .tail public school, .Vc, ani the
neighbor.!’ j papula ion Is rapi ily Increasing
A id>r;iunoi the land (say about 38 acres) U *nhtcet to
an annual ground rent of $609. and is redeemable at any
lime mi payment of $10,(Ou.
i erms or >ai,' .-ne-fourtU vasb, one-fourth at nine
mom li.-. om loiu-lh :h c ighteen months, and one-fourth
a' ns., years L- ^..ujt payment to carry inlcrcst and
Otic S.'J'- ....toriiy seeurerl—or all casli, at tiie option of
Hit' purchaser.
lids of Hie properly, with any other information
'ymi''.. ca.! he had l.y applying to me undeisi”ncd
i nistte, and to tile Auetlom ers
.L SAURIN NORRIS, Tiusteo.
IItLGO A- KIRKLAND, Auctioneers.
14 .•'oulh Charles street, Baltimore.
o*-* d2lawtj.iß
j» EVEY’S DENTAL ROOMS.
A r»ir_ offer!
Artificial Teeth for Difficult Mouths!
A TKIAI. WITHOUT PKIOE!
The m- diffic ult cases solicited. Those Laving tried
•S'. i.»i times without success preferred. 1 desire to
make s:ici a set bv my new method ot attaching plates
i" dim.-nit mouths, and no expense will be incurred by
the applicant CHAS. K. PEVEY,
432 Main st., cor. Pleasant. Worcester, Musa.
''.’Le hours Loin Ba.m. to 9p. m.
dtf
A Y AND 8T R a"w”.
CIIOiCF CAXAUA HAY,
BICIOHT WESTJ3BN STRAW
by Hie Car Load, Ton, or Single Bale.
Al»u, Oats, Meal, Feed, &c„ at No. 41 Waldo St.
old Me. 9.
IvH dtf W. 11. GAY .t 00.
Ne we n"oTa n d~f a r m e r
FHty Y«n ^UibH-hetl.
ONLY A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
B o are offering speelnl *n<ht(H-uwnta for new sub
scribers, in the shape ot
I.AR(HI ASII PREMIUMS.
Specimens and circulars sent on receipt of stamp for
poohge.
R. P. EATON A’ CO.,
d2l d&wiw BoaroN. Mass
yEG ETABLE
Pulmonary Balsam,
FuK
C UGHS, COLDS AND CONSUMPTION.
Used and recommended by the most eminent Physi
cians in New England f>r the last 4A rears. "Nothing
Beller.” CUTLER BROS. CO., Boston. Bold by the
DruggGtß.
PRICE .IO CEMTN AM) 81.00.
dll d&w4w
M I S 8 E. H. WATERMAN,
Teacher of Pianoforte,
nW Ulm* 67 Thomu street,
lio tuts.
Norwich and Worcester rail-
RUA I) C
Ti:EA I REB'S ('IFICE, J
Norwich, Conn., Dec. 19'h, 1871.
DIVI I >END.—The Boar-l of Directors of th s comoa
ny have this day declared a Divim-nl of 5 per cen
free of government tax, payable on the first dav of Jan
uarv next, at th« New Et gland trust ompany's oft'oe,
32 Devonshire Mreei, Ro-ton, to tiie stockhol ‘era who c e
names are on tin- stock Ie «gcr at. the close of bu Int-ss on
the 22d instant. T'->n-f-r books w be closed from the
22d instant to the 2d oi January, ls-72.
The New England Trust Co., 32 Devonshire street,
Boston, is t e tran-f'-r agent of this company. The
transfer agency in New Y"tk 1 closed.
d-1 dlw G. L. PERKINS. Treasurer.
■\VOUCESTER NASHUA RAILROAD
COMPANY.
I>IVIDEM> NO.
A rm! nnr.nal Dividend of Five Dollars per Khare. iY^
fjom I mted states lax. h been declared oe the Stock
ot thi- compsnv, rnivabb- on th- first dav o: January
next, to holders of Stock on the 23d instant.
f- W. HAMM'iND Treasurer.
ter, Dec. 19,18 TL j
T HE M boh oVU?r< ,nal ban k
The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Me
chanics National Bu- k oi Worce ter. will be hel-1 al
ih ir Banking Room, on TUES 1 \Y, Jan. 9th at 2
o’clock r. st, for the Elec'ion of Directors 'ortboonsa
iiigycar, and for the transaction of any other buxine a
that may legally come before them
<l6 dtm G l. MERirIL!,. r a ller
^ITiZENS NATIONAL BANK.
The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Citi
zens National Bank of Worcester, for the Choice of
Directors so--the ensuing year, and the transaction of
any other business that may legally come before them,
will b-- hei iat their Bunking Rubins, on TUESDAY
Jan. 9th, 187. fit 12 u’clock no<>u.
i. TT. HAMMOND. Cashier.
Worceatir, Mais.. Dec 5,1871. dtm db
TH E QU INsIG AMON D~ N ATIONAL
J- BA\K. OF WORCESTER.
The Annual eeting of the stockholders of the Qaln
sigamond National Bunk, of Worcester. wiP be held at
tin ir Banking Room un tUESDAY. Jan 9. 187*. at 10
clock a. st.. f ti-e elec ion "f Director' for the ensu
ing year, anil f•r the transaction of any other buslneM
that may legally come before them
v J S- FARNUM, Cash’er.
oreester. p cc 8,1871. <l9 rt t ia
SV ORCESTER NATIONAL RANK.—
.1 ”1 etion of Director* will b f lie-11 on
the.second ruestav (9 lu of jnnuarv. 1k72. at 11 o'clock.
a. M., at the Banking H use, Foster st.
TV T Ls p. Ha MJ LTON, Cashier.
AV orcester, Dec. 5.1871. tm d 4
tjIHE GRAFTON R ATIONAL BANK?
Tbc Annual Mm neo< tin Mockbol'w. of the Graf
t-n National I.a kot <«rifio'', :i ss win he hid.i nt
th'-ir Ranking Rooms, on TUi>D VY. Jan. 9 IM* at two
o clock p. M., for the Choice of Directui-s tor the 'ear •n
---suing, and lor the iransacli n of iny other busine s that
may legally come beior. them.
HENRY F. wing. CaelPor
_Graftor.J)ec. 6,187 L dim J
rjIHE BLAUKSTONE NATIONAL
J I’ANh <H-’ UXBRIDGE.
Stoekhol-'ers of ibis i.ank are hereby nctiflM
that their Regiil ir Annu il meeting lor the Election of
Directors and l run action <d any other business that
may legailv come before- them, will be liehi hl tmcr
Banking Rooms, on TUESDAY, Jan. 9 Dcj at two
o’clock p. m. e. W. HaYWaeD Cashier
J xbddge, Dec 6.1871 dim
IVHITINSVILLET/mONAL BANK.
‘‘‘t’Annii';! Meeting of t c Stockholders of tbn
Whitinsville N <t'l Bank, for Hie cholc-of Directors or
the ensuing year, ami tm-tra action <4 ani. <>th<*r bnM.
ness!hat mav legi Iv co oe h-for-' thein.w !l be held at
the r B::nk ng Ruoms. 'I UE<D \Y. .1 >n 9, 187! at iw,,
o clock p. At. a GOODELL, Cashier
Whitinsville. Dec 9, 1871 dj i 9 fQ
FIIHE CENTRAL NATION aVT^NK
OF wo -CESTE
The Annual Meeting of the ckimhler* of theTcn
tral N Ol nal |>,a -k of Worces'er, will he held at their
Banking Room, on TUI -DW. Jan. 9th. <872, a- ten
Clock A M.. lor the Elecilon of Director for the mill
ing year, and’or the tr .nsaetioa of any other busineM
that may legally come before them.
d 5 ii LMARSH,Cashier.
fjIHE FIRST N A riliX\l/ BANK OF
J- WOR(’E-TER.
The Annual Meetingot the ockho'(ler« of the First
National Bank of t orces er, will he held at their llank
ing Rooms, <>n I I F>DAY. Jm.9 h. 1872, a o'clock
p m Jor the Election oi Din cto s fo> inq enduing vcar
and for the transaction of a.iy other buslne- that mav
kga'ly come before- ih- ni GEU. F. WOOD. Cashier
Worcester Dec. 5. 1871. dtm qj
rjHE MILLBURY NATIONAL BANK’
Notice is hereby given that the Annual Mee.tine of he
Stockholders us this Bank will h held at 'h<-ir Banking
Rooms on TI E DAY. Jan. 9, 187 .at 2 o’clock P. x to
choose a board of directors for the en-uing vear.
D. A l \V<o»o Casliier
_Mllllmry, Dec. 21. 187’ dtm S
STATE Ml rUAi LIFE ASSURANCE
►o co. of WORCESTER.
Notice is hereby given that the v m-al MFnnva O f
•he STATE Mi ll AL I I E AB-URAXCIC I'OMPv'Y uF
M orces'Er, will be held at the \ew office of U'C Com.
pany, on WI DSESDA Y, Jan. 3.187 ,at ten o’clock a.
M., lor the cho re ot Doechu-sand for the transaction nf
any other business that mac legally ome before said
»>«’‘;ilii«. L\RENDON HXRRIs, s eC 'v
Worcester. Dec.-9.1871. dim d!9
(CENTRAL M UTlf aTT rfiTE“ INS. C<>.
Ih" Annuil Meeting of the (Antra! Mutual Fire
Ins. (o. will be hel«l at fhelr Offir-. on THURSDAY
Jan. Üb. 'Bi2. at Hl o’c’n- l, a m lor the choice of
otneers tor the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
any other business that may iegailv come before them
'l-^ dim irLje MERI Fl ELD. «ec’y.
Providence and woaceslek.
RAILROAD CO.
DIVIDEND.
A Dividend of Five per Cent, has been d«] i|-<d Dava
ble at the Ofllce of Hi<- Tre iMiier. on R’^i after Jan Lt
1872. to Si ockhoiders of record al the elose of buslne-8 oii
the 21st, Inst.
Transfer Book close I from tho 21st Inst, to January 1.
Per order.
JOHN R BALCIL Treas’r.
Providence. R. 1 Dee. Ih, BTI. dual’
FjUIE OXFORD NATION AL BANK.
The Annual Meeting of the stockholders of “The Ox
tord Nan-.nal B ink,” of ox'brd. Mass. will be held at
their Banking Rooms, on TUESDAY, Jan. 9th. 187 at 2
clock i- M., for the I it etion <»f Director* mr the v.-ar
ensuing, and for the’rausact ion of any other business
that may legally come before them.
w. OLNEY. Cashier
_Oxtorel. Dec. 4. P7L dtm jg
J^EICESTER NATIONAL BANK.
Tiie Annual Meeting of ih stockholders of the L-'ices
,cr. 1 N I f J? 1 v. ill D held at ihon- Honking Ruoms.
on li EbD's. th<-9th day <>t Jam, nv. U 72, a t 'o'clock
p. m tor the l.h-cticii ot Ihrr-vtoi-stbr the ensuing vear,
an i Ihe transaction of any other business that may le
gaily come before them.
D. E. MERRIAM. Cas Were
Leicester, Dec. 8, 1811. <itm o*
]JJVbIC CLAUSE'S.
11. 1,. AI.VSWOKTII
Respectfully announces that in order to meet tl-e
pre sent deman’, he w.ll form a limited number of
lasses lor beginners in I’ianoforto riaving, audllar
mony. commencing J in. 10th. GV.
M r A. win he sighted by 0 of his most advanced
pupils, who wdl lake charge of Classes for hlldren,
under his suih rvi-ion. '»eims according 1 -the grade of
the pupil Application m<v be made from 3to 4 p.m..
daily, at No. 12 Clark’s Block. dtf d2B
govqU ET S W~R ea44i 8?
CUT FLOWERS,
House Plants., &c. &c.
FOR SALE Bl
JOIN S. Il ALLARD &CO.,
DEALERS IN
Groceries and House Furnishing Goods,
CHAPIN BKOCK. I’FlAttJ- STREET,
Ol
EVV FI BS i
Jonathan Gr >i t and -tAMUEL JI. Putnam, (formerly
with Luther 11. Bigelow,) have this day formed a part
nership under the firm name of
GROUT PUTNAM,
and b-Avtng pun-iru-ed the entire stock o; the latq Luthor
11. Bigelow, will continue the
Book and Stationery Business
in al) its departments, at the old stand. No. 389 4dain st.
Worcester, Doc 11.1871. _ _ d2w 015
I WOULD INFOHM my customers and
the pu‘ hc genera.lv. that 1 have rqm >ved my store
from No. 147 Main st to
MS. M.V' OLX GQVART,
where ma-- be found l lots. Grain. Mea' and Food; also.
White Boiled M< al. A Go, may be 1 .und u fierenf kin is
ot Clone*’ Drvers ano lb Wh ’e Wire Clothes’ Line;
all ut which will be sol at the lowest inarxet prices.
dS7 H il >LDEN.
IN BANKRUPTCY. Notice is hereby
given, that the ft ird and ib al general meeting of the
cre-liters ofsEUl B. 1’ .IY. of Wore ste-, Bankrupt,
wilt tie holden 0:1 ih<‘ tw. flt day <>t .lanaarv, A. ik
1872. at 10 o’e'oi'k A. M., at 6 Cll.lpin Block, a incest
Mass., at Hu- office 01 an t before- I'. C. Bauon, R giater
in Uankruptcy. at which mee iuc debts may be orove
and the Assignee wilt presen h s -ccoants rors-tfle
menl. J.Si’ LEWtS, Assignee.
At Worcester. December 23J. 1871. <l2l d2X
-THE BEST FELLOWS iT^rHiTwOULD
JL SMOKE!
Ladies having gentlemen friends who smoke will find
a large variety of
Meerschaum Pipes, Cigar Holdeis, &0.,
for Holiday Gifts, at C- B. FELLMAN’S.
249 Main Bt.
Sign of the full grown Sane, Chius. d i20.22.26.i8*
Hard and white iTne timber
On hand Bud Sawed to Dimensions.
HARO PIHL PiMK. KARO PINE FLOORING
and STEP BOARDS, orsalcby
STETSON dk POPE
Wharf and Dock—First, corner ot E street. Office Nt
mh-r; nnnTn»: ai«
TVHEREAS. my wife, ISABELLA, nag
lib my bed an boird. without Jus< cause, hen
by fort»ld all re sons harboting or tm-ting her on my
Recount, as I will pay no debts contia t dby a r ->ron
her account. JA.MEs S'.-i t iff
W<W wer, D< 28.1871.
DOG LOST~A YOUNG NEW
FOUNDLANI) ini.;, all black: hat 'e-athei
JJ collar, 11th m 11 uno on tt. Who, ver will
urn s-ahi or t ive uny Information of hla
whereabouts, will be ?nltably r< \w>r o
geo." l. Fairbanks,
No. 10 I- rout si., or at hou e. 127 Beacon st.
<l2B dis
I^OUN D-A I.ADY'iTSASH, wbiob tho
owner can have by calling at ihe Pulice Office, and
paying for this a i\ rtißenient. dis t d2B
IpOUND— On Saturday last, near Barnard,
Siu inner Ou’s, A LADY’S FORTEMO AIF,
with a small nun co money. The. owner can have the
same by calling on the subscriber, at Hie Court House,
prov ng properly, and paying tor this ailver isement.
d's VELUROUS TAIfT.
K O SEE DU MATIN.
OR
Bloom of Morning.
This wonderful preparation, so long used in 'jfance and
but Just introduced into this country, js perhaps iho
must xqmsitc article known iuil:e in t.'tle. r r
preserv. ug the clearne-s 1 f the coin an ,j Ulu p
ly ul lb., -kin II lias n uia il '..avliv hn I awnv o I'.
lor II by tno«e «bo bjyc iw .1 i. o up wo
duced lo übi.bi It. and Mn-_| V ,<l th. ;IK ei, c v i„r ud.
cily f. in ibe Unll— ~aic -u n and .Imi keep it
eini.unlly on hind t Ul bASu,! hair .nm, 8
Fl ?4 l st Wore^cer. SXM i LOVull,
du dim I'AkM 0. CLOCQH.
rro LET—One tenement of seven rooms,
t JL Apply MXo. 24 West st, dU H