Gad, tnvesmention, it is a. goeat ploce of go wa. RE
ern's return to the RIN Sill
and Importact  iddpesiding,. chaie
dian has won lucrative fame abroad. Thee 8 0 ot
sion $0 for hiea generous heme...
other nO of
SR sh pe or.
ro RL
rey an yf
ithe Fifth Avenue Theater, 80 will Mr. 8
Dennis,’ at tho Lio SE
ork,” at Niblo’s G ey Globe
closed, will open. un ght, when’
wnond’s vaudeville company will sppear The
pment has been assumed hy Mr. J Bie .»Mionje
darks, described as “the pcsilad rod may be
woon, this even ot, Hie On
cus... ..There Is and variety, in “the
iscolianeous Drogided, and
Jirocted by Xe the
Mr. to wot...
comio revelry swoupd 68 bu be Minstrel Hail the San
Sra ie Se Sa A fas hot
receipts to Lhe
6.
REPUBLICAN INSPECTORS OF ELECTION.
MAYOR HALL'S APPOINTMENTS IN~ ‘SROOND
The Republican Ragiaters aud Inspectors of
Election for the 114 Assembly Dittriet, 6f whom a 1st is
Sujoiuc, wis appotuied Hi ukpos Hak on the redom
mendation of the  IId Assembly District
Republican Association, of which Mark Lanigan is Presi
dens. In the seledtion of the men dus attention was paid
P to the standing of eath one in order to secure, as far as
possible, a legitimate count of the vote cast:
John no;
B.
John tu O"Coaner, a Borjas ny Mallocy,
John Murphy, i Lorenzo Onset:
Wallace Green, Willem Glendenning,
John Corrigan, Dennis C. Sullivan,
John Vint, Edmuand M. Shea,
Abraham Auten, Josoph J. Dunn,
Tuomas Cummins, Geo. W. Willlams,
Thomas Conneston, Michael B. Downey,
John Heaney, Alfred Walker,
Raymond Conden, John P. Shea.
John Connors, who heads the Fourth Wand list, is a
cooper, and an Louoest man; John W. O'Conner is a
Republican of ten years’ standing, and for five years
served as clerk and store-Beeper in the Internal Revenue
Department; John Murphy, carpenter, is a staunch
Republican; Wallace Green is a cigar-dealer, and for 14
y cars has voted the Republican ticket; John Corrigan, a
varman, 18 known &8 an industrious man and
a conscicntions Republican; John Vint is :a bookbinder
and a Republican in good standing; Abraham Auten,
builder, is a Republican from Massachusetts; Thomas
Cummins went int the Union army &8 a private, re
Jurned at the end of the war as a captain, and is vouched
for as a sound Roan Thomas Conneston, an at
taché of the WEppraiser's office, is a popular
Republican; John Heaney was dismissed from
pmployment dn the Brooklyn Navy-Yard for
rxpressing admiration for Benator Fenton and
Mr. Greeley Raymond Oonden, a clerk in 8 tobacco fac
tory, is one of the oldest Republicans in the Fourth
Ward; Benjamin B, Mallory is an honost, hard-working
young man, a bricklayer and a Republican; Andrew
Cusack served in the Quilon army through the war, and
at its close returned to his trade as a mason, and, despite
severe wound received in battle, is still a hard-working
man,
In the Sixth Ward, Lorenzo Carey, a Pearl-st. grocer, 1s
spoken of us of good character, socially and politically
William Glendenning, is a hat-presser, and an upright
Republican: Dennis C. Sullivan, folder snd mailer in
he Oommercial Advertiser office, is a strong Republican;
foe dom M. Te is employed in the Appraiser’s office
Joseph J. unn, 18 a clerk in a leading
wholesale house on Broadway; George W. Wil
Jjiams, box-maker, has been identified with
[isle] matters for 20 years, and is a good Republican;
ichael BB. Downey is a carman, and a good Republican,
having tho confidence of his party; Alfred Walker is a
eaunlker in the Navy-Yard, and has never been anything
put 8 Republican; John P. Bhea, a butcher in Washing
ton Marl:ct. 1s a hard-working and sincere Republican.
TIE VOTE OF HAMILTON COUNTY.
The Cizcinnati papers of Saturday morning
pave neither returns from the city nor from the county
on which they ean venture to depend. The Gazette says:
It is pretty tala that Creighton, Wilson, Fallis, and
Cochran, liepublicans, are elected to the Lower House
f the 1. islature, and the probabilities are that Gen.
Young, Liepublican, is elected to the Seuate.
The Commercial 6ay8:
Calculations last night broughd@bout the same result
as predictcd in our Thursday's issio—five Democrats and
Pee Republicans for the House: two Democrats and one
publican, Young, for the Jenate. The official figures
pay give another Democrat fu the House. But we pre
gict nothing in this connectiofs, for nothing but the offi
al figures can settle the wvarions questions, Nogeds
fori in the city is 1,792—Noyes, 14,385; Mc C00k,
2,613. y
The Gazelte also has the following:
Beveral “lightping calculators” were at work at the
officid returns until a late hourlast night, and progressed
gw far as the Fourteenth Ward. In Shei? progress they
Isolygred several errors in the footings which we pub
ish. lightning were very reticent as to
he nature of the mis but we are to believe that
they were in favor of the Domgcraue candidates. Hence,
Jt will not be safe for any of our fricnds to indulge in
violent dewonsiasions of joy or anguish until the pub
Lication of the count.
THE VOTE OF CUYAHOGA COUNTY.
Gen. Noyea's ipajority in Cleveland was 2,008, and in
ghe joounty 5,066—Noyes, 11,288 McCook, 5,320. The Re
pubiican Legislative ticket received 9,614 for the most
popular of its seven candidates, and 9,306 for the least
popular. The highest vote for any candidate on the
sople’s Legislative ticket was 7,077, and the lowest 6,673.
Fhe total vote of the county for Governor is 16,606. The
total vote cust tor President in 1868 was 20,576, aud Gen.
Graut's mnajority 4,689.
TUY IXTH SENATORIAL DISTRICT.
Yo the KEdséor oF 4£Re ITI0UNE.
fur: The Democratic Convention for this Sen
ate District met at Tarrytown last Wednesday, and re
powinated Wm. Cauldwell for a third term.
Senator Cauldwell 1s one of the proprietors and editors
of that organ of the dram-shop Democracy, The Sunday
Merewry. For the two terms he has already been Bena
tor ho has represented and served his newspaper, the
Tammany Ring, the Boulevard contractors, and the men
employed by them. He has totally failed to represent
tn legislation the honest farmers, mechanics, manufao
turers, merchants, and others, semposing the tax-paying
ghsauta of his District. During his Senatorial term be
ws had passed over 40 different bills for Boulevards
in Westchester County, and increased the County and
gown Ineltuduouy-<estioting of the towns in the lower
part of the Ceunty—seo Chat go rate of taxation in some
A fhume, Jah Jout Amo es So Hearty Joven dollars on
va o assessed th)
inhabitants to the. benefit of the’ State Ap i Be
B80 persistent aud extra t a Boulevard advocate has
he Len, 8f now be by the soubriguet ot
Bouievard Bill.” He has been the pliant tool of Tweed
jad the “Ring,” and he and the Boss” have made
rks hutchancs of lands in Westchester upon the ex
pec riso in value to be produced by Bowevards,
and ‘the annoxation of the best part of West
ahester County to New-York City, which
he (avors and expects to have consummated during kis
next term, {n the event of his reélection. He is now rich
oyerys ich for a young aS-Daving rece'ved from the
City Treasury, for saveriising sldne n his disreputable
sheet, last bry $117,000, and having judgments for over
$50,000 in addition, which he expecis to receive when he
sucopeds iu the appropriations to pay him
solf through next session.
A TE ieurtot, bat” Mr. Caldwell jo. not
a (hind (orm in this Mr. Caldwell 1s not
rind Vln met st Sing Bont today. omibated
tion, Ww A na
of Bedford, his native town, Proeident of the
and Bovator and Gangrene Bow the District: In all
these positions he given satisfaction. He has never
been defeated whea the ple for an elective
office, cither In ty or the Congres:
Dtond, the by
10 the District, and satohotter te
belongs to that class Re
49 expeoot to the the

A
Wesich ster, Oot. 0M 1871. w.,
Bad
Homer A. Nelson declines the Democratic
ovalaito lu a Hk ib XRT oN
The Republicans of Buffalo have’ nominated
1, Lo cs" Ge ig Reuplr, Schujon Bers to Sure
POIATICAL NOTES.
An address is Sibiihet in Saturdays Daily
par or Baers Coven:
kt ‘Conilty: Repoblicans have homi.
Osatlne for Distriot Altorner, Oliver P. Carpoater.
POLITICAL...
OHIO.
—_ MAY YT ARTIT TAN MANVTITTYT'Y
TAOE19T0E HTIW- 1181 0 42G0TI0 JAGHOM AULT IAG AAOY-WaAY

slit). o
cf
or
Lhealing poarails hak Hib 1 YI
b or 3 ow 3
kit vat he pen 7 gyi song, A
4 i J 1 Ra be
R J ov SETI _—
ors x NL. Greens County.
cone meet be, Vill Divot, a
the ability and long ‘of P.' Marvin
The Republicans of the XXIIId Senate Dis
IV av rulasict Ga G4 of Delaware, He
mem
Ean SAE Sl HL bo, EAE
bribery will be drives; 13 09 chose way com it be.
ator, hing big renciaipases 0 Fopre
sent the Evie or XX Xiu 7 wg arya
over Asher i i Feit AT
are ab he has ably, TAGIAIY a awit chances
So8tod hls Dietrich bor Yio mpi aid hone
The following fare Republican mnomina
tions for the Assembly tn addition to those prev lously re
Gon
ET
“he teow £5 Sits soe, 00
amen tradi previously reported Dela
ore James (KX. Polk; 11d District, A. BR.
At the first regular meeting of the
Men's Citizens’ Association of the XXth
trict, at No. 307 East Fifty-fifth-et., on Saturday e
the following officers were elegted: President, Dr. F.
Vico-Presidents, Rev. Wm. H. Boole, the Rav.
BMS tration, T. D. outta, 2. Rosendeid. s. 5, Burdell,
F.W. Runt, D. Walter, 8. Pinckney Secretary, W. A.
Phelps Eutll, Sewer. Resolutions were
ado recommending organisation for the Jurpase of
securing municipal re and demanding of the next
Logiela ure the unconditional repeal of the present City
At a meeting of the Reunion and Reform
Association of Nashville, Tenn., composed of eitizens ir
respective of party, combined for the promotion of
great common interests and the oblitaration of section
alis:n from national polities, on Baturday evening,
speeches were made by Ex-Confederate and Federal
soldiers, fraternal in spirit and national in charaeter.
One Jonker, an ex-Confederate soldier, who served
with Forrest through the war, said he had a faith which
no words could express in the sublime significance of the
mission and destiny of the American Union. The Hon. A.
8. Colyer, or ini Br rd Congressman, hitherto an ac
tive Democrat, took sirond roid against the nomina
tion of a Democratic candidate for President noxt year.
District,
"FOREIGN NEWS.
a,
£DARNVE.
RESULT OF THE LATE ELECTIONS—THE SIGN
ING OF THE NEW TREATY OFFICIALLY
ANNOUNCED ABSTRACT OF ITS BSTIPULA~
TIONS~—A REPUBLICAN MEETING BROKEN UP
BY THE POLICE.
Paris, Oct. 15, 1871.
Official returns from the elections for mem
bers of the General Councils of Franoe are yet incom
plete, but so far as received they show that there have
been Sloerod Bonapartists, 194 Legitimists, 201 Radi
cals, 494 erates, and 867 Liberal Conservatives.
Prince Jerome Bonaparte's election for Corsica is to be
investigated, the choice being contested on the ground
that the Prince does not pay taxee in Corsica. The Prince
has asked for a permit to visit Corsica.
President Thiers has formally announced to the Legls
lative Committee that the Customs Treaty for Alsace
and Lorraine has been signed, and now only awaits rati
fication. He states that the principle of reciprocity is
recognized that the payment of the fourth half miliiard
of the indemnity is to be completed before the end of
March; that the evacuation of French territory will
commence within a fortnight after the ratification of the
treaty, and that Germany cedes to France a small strip
of territory.
The Official Journal says the treaty just concluded
with Germany cousists of three separate conventions—
one territorial, rectifying the frontiers; one financial,
providing for the payment of the indemnity and involv
ing the withdrawal of the German troops from France
and the other relating to the customs. The last stipu
lates that the products of Alsace and Lorraine shall be
permitted to enter France free for twelve months, and
accords the same privilege to products of France enter
ne those territories.
he Bien Public (Ministerial organ) announces that the
financial portion of the Treaty is definitely concluded by
the eignatures of the two Ministers. That part ofit
which relates to the regulation of customs duties must
be submitted to the German Reichsrath for ratification.
With the conclusion of the Treaty, Prince Bismarck
agrees to release the bankers, who were guarantors of
the payment of the indemnity, and accepts as sufficient
the official guarantee of MM. Thiers and PouyerQuer
tier. The financial portion of the Treaty pro
vides that the indemnity money remaining due by
France shall be paid in specie bills to the amount of
0,000,000 francs every fortnight until the entire sum is
liquidated; such payments to commence on the 15th of
January next. It is further stipulated that six of the
departments of France now oocupied by German troops
shall be evacuated immediately. Thirty thousand Ger
man troops are to remain in France pending the liguida
tion of the indemnity, but it is agreed that if the terms
of the Convention are faithfully carried out, the number
will be materially reduced at the end of six months from
the signing of the Treaty.
The meeting of a Republican alliance at gt. Etienne
was broken up by the police yesterday. Important doe
uments were seized, and the police are now searching
the homes of the members of the alliance.
Advices from Algeria state that the natives in the
northern part of the Province of Constantine had risen
against the French and were in open hostility. Troops
had been dispatched to the locality of the troubles, but
their nninbers were not sufficient to quell the insurrec
tion. It is probable that this new outbreak will demand
additional troups from France.
Traffic by the Mount Cenis Tunnel begins to-morrow
the lines of railroad connecting with theunuel having
been completed.
A new daily journal called the Radical, of the extreme
views indicated by its name, has been established in this
city.
e—-e.S
POSITION OF THE BAVARIAN GOVERNMENT ON
THE INFALLIBILITY DOGMA—A SEPARATION
OF CHURCH AND STATE RECOMMENDED.
MuxicH, Saturday, Oct, 14, 1871
There was an important debate to-day in
the Lower House of the Bavarian Reichsrath on the sub
ject of Papal Infallibility. The Minister of Worship and
Fublic Instruction, replying to an interpellation by a
number of Deputies, sald that the State had at all times
the right to make changes in the laws relating to the
Church. The Roman Church having declared a change of
principles, and infallibility being a doctrine dangerous to
the State, the Government had resolved to protect any
and all of its oitizens who could not accept the infallibil
ity of the Pope as an article of faith, the Government
would still consider such persons as Roman Catholics,
and it would oppose any encroachment by the Roman
Catholic Church upon the principles of the civil constitu
tion. Moreover, the Minister declared the sentiment of
the King and Counoil of Btate favored a separation of
religious and Jojitical branches of the Government, and
the complete pendence of each.
I
CHINA AND JAPAN.

FINANCIAL TROUBLES A SUB-MARINE CABLE
STOLEN BY THE CHINESE.
Sax Fravcisco, Oct. 15.—The steamship
America, from China and Japan, has arrived. The Chi
nese news is unimportant.
Yokohama (ates are up to the 23d ultimo.
The 1856 of coin by the mint has placed the Govern
ment in an embarrassing position, forcing alterations in
values and creating much troublé and loss 10 foreign
merchants. From January next mo “kiunsaks” (or
paper money) will be acoepted in payment of
duties. An immense amount of counterfeit kinds also
bas appeared in the market. The Chinese are exporting
silver coin as fast ue the Mint oan issue It. According to
an agreement with the lefe Tycoon, the Ha
oy Government has returmed 13 Japanese bY
steamship Amevieh Ww. term service of 3
fifty preferred to remain in Havans fustead of accepting
a free passage ‘home. Telegraphic commu
a cata, ities having pleked wp
of the cable and (stolen it, causing much incon
veslence hsm nc 8. These interruptions
The United States frigate Oclorado has been compelled
to go into dock, having struck s rock
Japan brodight a full eazgo. of dea, mestly for the Bask
was f! ey ut My tin thom po
roe; A
Now-Yorirahatos, 020 abies ve
The following is an edict of the Mikado road to all the
SEW-TORK DAILY TRININE NONDAY, Of
dod
FRANCE.
GFRMANY.
Demios assembled in thé Palace at Yeddo fn the
Hiss, i F N- "OTH ’i

be EAT
ER di
TE ah en Reig
for one is Juties. Having for sever Sid sly
Xn IC Ar
steté of things, and now abotish the (or feudal
teeritory), and convert them tuto Kew (or uperal Oo
Datng) In Derformiag your duties, 0 SWAY watt all
ee pay expenses, and abrogate le aublesome
laws Do you, my servants, carry ous this my mind.
MOROCCO.
ras EABTLE REVOLT THE SPANISH FORT
THREATENED.
JC ly) de BR aa” 2 tei
MRALIRALy GRETNA NENG WWE TR SWE
Late advices from Melilla represent that the
revolted Kabyles had committed overt acts against the
Spanish garrison which compelled them to begin hoetil
ities. The Kabyles had planted a battery within range
of the citadel, with the intention of bombarding it, but
their guns were dismounted by the fire from the Spanish
fortifications.
The workingmen of the city bold meeting last night
and resolved to nominate candidates to represent them
in the Cortes and Municipal Government. A large meet
ing of Federalists and Republicans was held here to-day.
The proceedings were orderly.
rr———————
AUSTRIA.
MORE CABINET TROUBLES—VON BEUST ABOUT
TO RESIGN.
VIENNA, Oot. 15, 187L
A Cabinet crisis is again threatened. Prime
Minister von Beust declares he will resign 1f the demands
of the Cseohs are complied with. The Emperor's decision
is not yet known.
The commandant at Agram, Oroatia, telegraphs that
63 insurgents of Ogulin have been taken prisoner, and
194 rifles captured.

SIGNIFICANCE OF THE INTERNATIONAL YACHT
RACES —THE AMERICA, THE CAMBRIA, AND
THE LIVONIA—TO-DAY’S CONTEST.
The important series of yacht races, begin
ning with the contest to-day between the Columbia and
the Livonia, which will be sailed off the entrance of New
York harbor during the next two weeks, possesses unu
sual interest to yachtmen throughout the world. The
contest of the Cambria against the entire fleet of the
New-York Yacht Club Aug. 8, 1870, proved very Httle re
garding the improvements made in yacht models during
the last 20 years, Then the old America, with a picked
crew of United States sailors, was the first keel-boal at the
home stake-boat, and the fourth of the fleet, reckoned ac
cording to time allowance—the little Magic beating her
only 14 minutes in 4§ hour race. It is a far more signifi
cant fact that the America came in fourth than that the
Cambria arrived eighth, The sailors on the America
were 80 proud of her actions on that day that their devo
tion knew no bounds.
The history of the cup, the conditions on which it is
held, the attempt made by an English yacht, last Bum
mer, and the coming of the Livouia this month to win it
back, are well known to the people of the community.
The echooner America went to the Solent in the Summer
of 1851, and entered in one of the Royal 8Bquadron matches.
This race, for a cup given bythe Squadron, was open to
yachts of all nations, of any rig or size, and was subject
to the English rules of time allowance. The course was
“around the Isle of Wight; 16 yachts started. The Amer
ica, flying the signal of tho New-York Yacht Club, won
the cup. This prize, the possession of which is the acme
of sinb)tious yatbhuta, is not a “cup,” but a large silver
ewer, form by a massive bowl, supported on a broad
base by a slender stem. It is of no practical value as it
is witliout a bottom. Its inirinsic valuo is placed at 100
guineas ($500). This cup was presented by the owners of
the New-York Yacht Club by the following deed of gift:
Any organised yacht club of any foreign country shall always be en
titled, through any one or more of its members, to claim the right of
Sailing match for this cup with any Jest or other vessel of not less
than 30 nor more than 300 tans, measured by the cusiom-bouse rule of the
country to which the vessel belongs. The [ties desiring to sail for the
cop may make any match with the yacht club in possession of the same
that may be determiued upon by mutaal consent; Lut in case of disagree
ea ETS Lot PACER Sh Ln posnenion of fhe cup. and nuhjet 10
BR er
name of the vessel.
eo
A controversy arose out of this deed, as to whether one
boat or the entire fleet should sail againt the challenging
vessel, A letter from ye. Bopaviels vader dae of April
1371, set this question forever res y assert
that thie givers of the cup “considered the ‘word sly
as meaning that only one vessel could start against the
boat challenging for the possession of the cup.” This
point being setifed, after a vouminous bundle of corre
spondence and telegraphing, the Livonia started for this
city, arriving Sept. 27. The claim of Mr. Ashbury that
he had challenged as the representative of 12 different
yacht clubs, and was therefore entitled to 12 races, the
winning of any one of which would give him the cup,
was fairly met b. the New-York yachtmen with the
declaration that it was impossible for them to contract
to offer a Frise for a second day’s raco which at that time
they might not possess.
Toe ye will be sailed over the usual course of the
New-York Yacht Club, and according to the rules of the
organization as regards time allowance. The distance to
the lightship and back over the is about 40 miles. A
number of steamers will go over the course. The steamer
provided for the use of the wembers of the Club and the
reporters will leave the foot of Desbrosses-st. at 9 a, wm.
The steamer Americus will leave the foot of East Thirty
soventh-st. at 8, and Christopher-st., N. R., at 9 a. m. The
steamer Magenta will leave Pler No. 4 North River at,
and Montague-st., Brooklyn, at 9:30 a. 1. The stealer
Antelope will leave Desbrosses-st., N.R.,, at 9a, m. The
steamer D, R. Martin leaves East Thrty-third-st. at 2:15,
and Moutague-st., Brooklyn, at 10:30. The stedaincrs Sea
Bird, T. V. Arrowsmith, snd Wyowing will also acgow
pany the vachts.
THE FOLEY INJUNCTION SUIT AMENDED
ANSWER OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
ANSWER OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
Gen. Barlow bas been served with the fol
lowing papers in the appeal of the Board of Supervisors
and the other officers of the local goverumens from the
decree of Judge Barnard in the Foley suit:
Soereue Covkr, City AND CoUNTY oF New-Yorx—John Foley agt,
The Board of Bupervisors of the County of New-York, tie Mayor, Alder
wen, snd Commovalty of the City of New-York, and Peter Bweeny,
lmploaded with others.—Notice of appeal trom order.
ENTLEMEN Please take uotice that the above-named defendants
hereby appesl to the General Term of the Supreme Court from the order
entered herein, at Special Term, on the second day of October, 1871,
Whereby Jb was ordered that the Injunction poe on the Tth day of
September, 1671, be continued, ete., sud from each and every part of said
order.~Dated, New-York, Oct. 13 1871. Yours, &e.,
RICHARD 0’Gorxax, Counsel to the Corporation.
To Francis C. Barlow, esq, plaintiff's attoruey, and to Charles EB.
Loew, esq., Clerk of the Court.
a] is the amended answer of the defendant of the Board of Super
visors and the Mayor and other heads of departments:
Suprexk Court, City AND Covxty or New-Yorx—John Foley
Apalvet the Board of Supervisors of the County of New-York, the Mayor,
Aldermen, and conmoppli of the City of New-York, A. Oakey Hall,
Richard B. Connolly, William M. Tweed, snd PeterB. Sweeny,
Now eomes the Board of Supervisors of the County of New-York by
Richard O'Gormau, its attorvey and counsel, sud for amended answer
pays:
Raid Board jon that the plaintiff has not Jp! ezpacity to sue this
defendant, and that as the same does not sufficiently Appar upon the face
of the complaint, sald cfcadunt pleats the said legal defense by way of
answer; and defendant Is advised and believes that there is no legal rela
tionship, either mpon eontract between the plaintiff and defendant or
pe wrong and injury dove the plaintiff by this defendant, whieh en
ties the plaintiff in any respect to demand as against
this defeudant any of the relief which be asks for in bis complaint. And
this defendant denies that the said Board or any of its members bave
ever entertained any ides of raising, or intend or threaten to raise, by
tax upon ibe estates, real and petsiual, Jublort to taxation, in the City
and unty of New-York, in tbe year [67], any amount of mouey
whatever, for any purpose whatever, except said amount
gball first be fixed and directed to be reised by the
Board of Abroniioament mentioned in the third section
of the act of Legitiaturs of the State of New-York, entitled An
act to make provision for the local government of the City and Count of
New-York." paso April 16,167, 42d be sd ajar and apportioned as
therein pe
‘And the sald Board of Rupervisors denies that it or any of its members
bare ever entertained any idea of auditing or ordering to be paid, or in
tend or threaten to audit or order to be paid, claims against the County
of New-York to greater amount than the sam which shall be set apart
by the aforesaid Board of Apportionment during the year 1871 for the
purjotes of the said conuty, or the government thereof, in accomlance
with the provisions of the third section of said statute.
And the sald Board of Supervisors denies, on information and belief,
that there are any facts iu existence, or alleged in the complaint, tending
to show, directly or indirectly, that said Board or any of its membegs in
tend to or threaten to perform any of the acts prayed to be enjoined,
siversely to said Board or its members or the pablie,
aad the sid Board bai. what if, however, ff ANY
purposes g litiga or gratifying litigants,
or mtifring To fa Fomine ft becomes to the
ixjunction at folios No. 84, 85, and 68 of the printed order,
neither the mid Board nor its counsel can soe aap pout objection in
enjoining the Board from doing that which the must by law do,
Ee a We form. back adopted eT? Goarts 0 hereby
t, y
prayed en imitied ah iy Ricmaxp O'GorMAN.
Counsel to Dorpotation snd Attorney for Defeadanie.
Olly end Oowndy of New-York, ss: A. Oakey Hall, being daly
sworn, depases and says toss he is President of the Board of Sapervisers,
the abo defendant, and that the foregoing snwwer fs troe of his
own except as to the matters thereia staied to be upon in
formation and belief, and that as to those matiers he believes t to be
true. wo belors A. San Xu President Board of Supervisors.
Sworn me, y September, 1878
Cuaxiss W. Lawnssos, Notary Publie.
....Céunt Wachtmeister, the Bwedish Minister oi
m on Baturday, of apoplexy.
yn Prec sod ary il rice Bo
Boman sal hey sre Benge, dn he cree or, be
TEA TR ou
Shr
1859 to 1061; served oo LE
over yours of age. v
Cau ta dasa Te racticeh boesih ered peli
sang, ot Gorham, Mo, wos burned resierday. bog SA00-igmred
AUSTRIA.
THE QUEEN'S CUP.

PERAONATL—-BY TELEGRAPH.
AJD FOR OHIOAGO.
UNITARIAN ORURONES,
All Soul's Chareh........... $1,000] New. Congregational
Mepslahe sovviiiivrvrsrsnses 3000) Church (morning)..... sane mm
us.
Ratgers Chureh..c.cov...0s sesutssssnsrend
i bon ta rHffay ed pe om
Adams's) the co Oy aw Chey
esses sasesennsnniins ee
on
been counted At the Fourteenth-st. Presby
terian te at Bh ‘Was not made, the 4
Fer tnd Sova. Fret ele Chirebon coli
enth-§ 3
tions will be made next
BAPTIST oh
Tabernacle Church. $500 eal TRILL
WANEAYE. 10 ees ersones tis “ol Madison-ave.....,...0.r.. i
In toe Baptist churches in a large number of instances
the amounts had not been counted,
LUTHRRAK CHURCHES,
Bh Matlhow's. ccoveusistorensiocsstrtnsinssssobotnncsss $30
Plymouth  Charch of TA Church
oeeaner)..... erty mt Meret Er yes (he 1,000
Bluse). essenenses ep 1,366 age Uuiierten (Wx. veses 1,000
Tue TRIBUNE has received and handed over
to A. A. Low, Treasurer, the following sums for the Chi
cago sufferers
Comstock, Cheney Co...... $500 Cordelia Pelton...... cocoons
Beg. A. Willi Etegesescerate 25, Daniel Pelton.
u rank Syviite WF Loonies, rie
em 0 I Little Boy.....s. anes
Corwin. .oovvninnnne ens H.R...ionnas eeanirane
Afriend.....o.onnnnns 27 85 100 W. RB. Duvuvrnnnnrnnnes
Employés gf A. A. C. Kauf
[77% JP Tr we Total: soessersesssnsss. $TH
Alex. Lancanshire pe 2
ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS FROM NEW-YORK
AND VICINITY.
Musical Mataal Protective C. P. Thayer of the U. 8. Ex
Usierese exeasersessee $2,000) Press Co coevseres Soren sus
Watchmakers and jewelers.. 5,000 Officers and employéa of
Kings County Medical Boci- Brooklyn Navy-Yard..... 5,500
Of. c.einssasearersaneese 800 Officers and employés of the
Clerks of Union Adams Co. 100; new Post-Ofiee suoiuvvin.. 00
Albion Lodge No. 26 F. A. Knickerbocker LaCrosse
M.ioiiarisssesiassnnss eee 200 Club.sssesirsrsssassisanee 100
Astor Lodge No. 603 F. A. ““Knoq"' (six cases of hats).. 1,600
PA 300 Anchor Life Ins. Cou.cuvuuns 500
Jerry Thomas's saloon...... 443|Gunerius Gabrielgon 1,600
Emplovés of Narragansett Qovenant Lodge F. and A. M,
Steamship Co.vvveiiirises 1,000; (colored).....ovsnravcans 100
Boys of Grammar School No. {Grammar Sehool No, 17..... 033
J TTI TIT 280 Paper dealers kc. (additional) 2,820
American Institute Fair..... 2,40) Neptune Division 8. of T.... 5
B10
5


1
The total Brooklyn contributions up to Baturday night
amounts to $127,683,
John Munroe Co. of this city are authorized by thelr
Paris house to pay to the Mayor of Chicago $30,000, a
jg subscription from Americans in Paris, More 18 to
vllow.
POLICE CONTRIBUTIONS,
Becond Precinct, $236; Third Precinct, $1,374 20; Fourth Preecinet,
$412 05; Sixth Precinct, $1,406 25; Seventh Precinct, $112; Eighth
Precinet, $329 75; Ninth Precinct, $561.16; Fourteenth Precinct, 143;
Fifteenth Precinct, $105; Sixteenth Precinct, $402 15; Seventeenth
Precinct, $616 50; Eighteenth Precinct, $116; Niueteeath Precinct,
@29 16: Twenty-first Precinot; $550 Twenty-socond Precincs, $215 45
Becond Precinct, #236; Thirl Precinct, $1,374 20; Fourth Irecinet,
$412 05; Sixth Precinct, $1,405 25; Seventh Precinct, $112; Eighth
Precinet, $329 75; Ninth Precinct, $561.16; Foarteenth Precinct, #143;
Fifteenth Precinct, $105; Sixteenth Precinct, $402 15; Seventeenth
Precinct, $616 50; Eighteenth Precinct, $116; Niueteeath Precinct,
$236 16; TR enty fist Precinot; $550; Twenty-sccond Precincs, $215 45;
Twenty-eighth Precivet, $20; wenty-vinth Preeinot, $134; Thirtieth
Precinct, $46; Banjtaiy., Detectives, $100; Fourth District
Coar:, #8; total, $7, The Commissioners have given 100
each, the Buperintendent, $50, and the three Inspectors, $25 each.
The Chamber of Commerce reports $457,854 additional,
making in all $541,618.
AN APPEAL TO THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN
ASSOCIATION.
PurtapeLpata, Oct. 15. —George H. Stuart
of this city has received a telegraphic dispatch from Dr.
Robert Patterson of Chicago, entreating him to organize
work similar to the Christian Commission to aid the suf
fering thousands who have been left homeless and penni
less by the recent terrible conflagration in that city. Mr.
Stuart recommends that the Young Men's Christian As
soclations throughout the land organize at once commit
tees to collect and take charge of the funds and e3pplice
to be forwarded immediately to D. L. Moody,
Chairman of the Relief Committee of tho
Young Men's Christian Associztion at Chicago.
The Committee of which Mr. Moody {is chair
mun embraces the 2ollowing well known Christiap men
The Hon. John B, Farrell, B, F., Jacobs, esq. the Rev. C.
E. Cheney, and Jeajor D. W. Whittle, The Comnmitree
nas established its headquarters in the Boventh Presby
terian Church, corner of Jackson and Peoria-sts., Cltidag.
Persons who prefer it may send money or supplies for
the Chicago Association to Mr. Stuart’s office, No. 13
Bank-st., Philadelphia, who will forward the sate free
of expense.
CHICAGO REFUGEES CARED FOR AT ST. LOUIS.
St. Louis, Oct. 15.—About 100 more Chicago
refugees have arrived here, and have been provided for
“at the Rink and the Mallauphy House, The cagh gub
scriptions now amount to $120,000, and the soliciting eom
mittes are still actively at work. All provisions now in
store here will be shipped immediately, and a large lot of
medical and hospital supplies will be sent at once. The
ladies’ committee are very active in making and collect
ing clothing for the women and children, providing em
ployinent for those here, and properly caring for the sick
and distressed. Many have already found slployment,
and [laces wili be secured for more, both male and
female,
CONTRIBUTIONS REPORTED BY TELEGRAPH.
The following contributions were reported by
telegraph during the past two days from the places
named
CALIFORNIA.—S8acramento haa already sent $20,000 for
the relief of Chicago. Oakland will send $10,000, and
other towns in LBYOpUrtion, Nearly everybody in San
Francisco 18 ei g at least two days’ salary. Mau liv
ery stables, stores, photograph galleries, &c., are o lving
the entire recelpts for one day. Over $100,000 has already
been realized. Chinese merchants gave $1,300 unsolicited.
Fort BCoTT, Kansas. —Eiglieen car-loads corn, sweet
potatoes, flour, &c., forwarded.
7 Quixcy, Ill.—General subscriptions, $70,000; four car
loads of Slotbing forwarded,
ALLENTOWN, Penn,—General subscriptions, $3,000.
PIr18BURGH.—Countributions from the banks, $20,000.
BING BING. —Citizens’ meeting, $1,000,
NEW-HAVEN.—The collections in the churches, yester
day, amounted to nearly $5,000; contributions thus far
exceed $30,000,
WA LAKE CIrry.—General subscriptions thus far,
L000.
UTticA.~Including collections in the churches, yester
daz, the relief fund will amount to $30,000.
ANGOR, Me.—The collections in the ehfrches, yester
day, swell the total contributions to about $7,000.
PHILADELPHIA. —The aggregate of cash Sbasui tions
for Chisago on Saturday, tue 14th, was $27,369, including
the following items:
Narlor k Ca., iron merchants $1,000 Coffin Altemas............ $1,000
Philadelphia Musical Associ- James 8. Lovering.......... 1,000
WO. aesssess ssseresssass 1,000 Naval officers and employés
By Notions Trade 1800| of Philadelpbia Navy-Yurd. 2,500
Cominercisl Natiocal Bank.. 1,000 By whelesale dry goods Trade 7,220

PRACTICAL CHARITY IN ENGLAND—MEETING OF
AMERICANS IN PARIS,
LoxpoN, Oct. 15.—The Times yesterday
morning stated that the Lord Mayor has received £17,000
as the result of two days’ subscription to the Chicago
Relief Fund, and that lists have been opened for the
reception of contributions at Birmingham, Bradford
Hanley, and other towns in the manufacturing districts.
Nearly all the railway, express, and steamer lives have
announced their readiness to transport contributions for
the Chicago sufferers free of charge,
A meeting of citizens of the United States now in Paris,
was held last night, at the rooms of the Washington Club,
in response to the call of the American Minister, to take
action for the relief of Chicago. Minister Washburne
presided, and made an eloquent appeal. Speeches ware
also made by Gen. N, P, Banks, J. Meredi
American Consul-Genepal, ad 47 Tope of Goons. 736
Of aia. rerio de smesnaria the
e
kindly feeling shows by the A for Germany
during the last war, sent 1,000 thalers (9750) to she relief
committee formed in Berlin.
Responding to the eat of De ratk Cabot of
ew
Commeroe merchants Dw Brussels echange
have appointed a committee, which tereceiving
tions,
Mr. Jay, the American Minister, has opened subserip
HO Tooeting {08 as hold at Bain Edinburg, Tost the Lard
Har od sub:
ple in were suab
Ee te
wae apd £1,000 Were for
CARD. b es
THE INSURARUE BIL UATIUS
ald 4
The extra 1d by JH. I. Goodsell
of ha 0s, given the following
FEE EE
gaol Al HANA
"2
DOMESTIC RELIEF.
FUROPEAN AID.
n
[3
i
i
wm
3
53
rea
1]
ba:
119,311
ou
28614
311,673
Providence. $30,000 $00,000
Ing pa 2000 Ie00]
Prankiia, Philadelphia. ...0000i. 0000 at rr $3481.45
RN @900,000 611,604
$300,000
600,00
125,000 4
$314.069°
CALIFORNIA.
spssssinein
ik
1)
£1.)
i
fin
00.233
p

Geo. W. Miller, Superintendent of the Now-York Insur
ance Department, has called a meeting of Insurance
Presidents to be held at noon to-day at Underwriters’
Hall,
The Excelsior Life Insurance Company has resolved
that one year’s extension of time be allowed for the pay
ment of premiums pon all Chicago policies, held by suf
Jadels by the great at that place, upon application by
The Hanover Fire Insaranoce Company announces that
it will have a surplus of $125,000 after paying ail Chicago
HOW TO REBUILD THE BURNED DISTRICT,
To the Edilor of The Tribune.
Sir: We have a simple method by which to
build the walls of 1,000 houses per week, and at an ex
pense but trifiingly in excess of the cost of wood struo
tures. These walls are substantially as fire-proof as iron
and as strong as stone. The process is covered by no
patent, and there are no secrots connected with it that
wo are not willing to reveal. Nothing is required
but a few skilled mechanies and a sufficient
force of common laborers. The principal ma
terials for thesa structures are found everywhere,
and nowhere in greater abundance than in the
immediate vicinity of Chicago. In view of the ter
rible calamity which has befallen our sister city we will
cheerfully impart our process to any respectable citizen
who will call at our office during business hours, and in a
few days we propose to print a pamphlet for distribution
explaining our process. We are also willing to publish
our method in any newspaper that can sparc the neccs
Ly ADBes for it.” We respectfully refer to Messrs, John
B. Bn and 8. D. Hatch, architects, and others, as to
the practicability of what we here assert. Very Féapocy
fully, BANDMAN Co.
4
Office of New-York Stone Works, No. 1,193 Broadway,
October 14.
(Messrs, Bandman Co. are well known to the build
ers and architects of this city as enserprising and ener
gotic men, and admirable samples of their work (arti
fAcial stone) may be scen at the New Central Railroad
Depot and in the grand stairway of the Gllsey House
Twonty-ninth-st. and Broadway.—FEd. Tribune.)
HOMPFS FOR THE HOMELESS,
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: Permit me to suggest the formation of
a committee in your city to select temporary homes for
the homeless and destitute of Chicago and the North
West. Doubtless thousands of these sufferers might thus
be provided with comfortable homes throughout the
country the coming Winter, WM. W. MARSH,
Kehoolew's Mountain, N. J., Oct. 13, 1871,
LATEST SHIP NEWS.
|For other Ship News see SBeoond Page.|
MMENERLY JT
Steamship City of Baltimore (Br.), Locbesd, Liverpool Oct. 3, and
Queenstown 4, with mdse. and pass. to John G. Dale.
Steamship Manhattan, Woodbull, Charleston, 8. G, Oct. 12, with
mdse and pass. to H. KR. Morgan Co.
Steamship’ Geuze Cromwell, Clapp, New-Orleaas Oct. 8, with
mdse. aad pas. to H. B. Cromwell Co.
Stea p RK. C, Knight, Johnson, Washington, D. C,, mith mdse.
and pass. to Geo, B. Merrick.
Steamship Benefactor, Jones, Wilmington, N. C., 70 Lours, with mdse,
and pass. to Lorillard Steamship Co.
Steamship Niagara, Smith, Richmond, City Point, and Norfolk,
with mdse. and pass. to Old Dominion Steamship Co.
7 Sleamsbly_Acushiast, Rector, New-Belford, with mdse. snd pass. to
C n Wood.
Ship Inventa, (of Liverpool), Holm, Bombay June 22, with mdse. to
Fritz. Bekells Co.
Bark Mereuris_ (Nor.), Ludington, Newport, Eng., 31 days, with rail
road iron to orler; vessel to Wendt, Tetens Bockmanu,
Brig Star of the Ocean, (of Seilly), Mumford, Leghorn 60 days, with
mdse. to order; vessel to Geo, F. Bulle,
Brig Almirs, Shaw, Port Johnson for Providence.
Brig Bmma, (of Cape Tows), Nelson, Port Elizabeth, C. G. H. July
30, via Table Bay Ang, 11, with wool to Tattle Co.
Sehr. O. M. Marrett, (of Boothbay), Bogen, Para, 18 days, with rub
ber and nuts to Gumares Co. vessel to B. J. Wenberg.
Sehr, Abbie H. Brown, (of Provincetown), Higgivs, Aux hy 20 days,
with logwood and coffee to A. Nones Co.; vessel to B. J. Wenberg.
Sehr. Kalmar, Leember, Jacksonville, Fla., 10 days to order; vessel to
Warren, ays Co.
Beir, Niantie, Comstoek, Cape Sable, N, 8., with fish to H. C. Rogers.
The Neirovolitat Tuternbor CORPRRY.
The history of Fire Insurance is a record of strange vicissitudes. The
Company above named is a most notable instance in point. Iu 1866, hav
ing recently enlarged its capital from $300,000 to $1,000,000, and greatly
extended its business, it was struck by the fire lo Portland with a loss of
$250,000,
This was quickly followed by others, untii in 1857 it was found neces.
sary to reduce the capital to the old figure, and close-reef aH sails in s
hurry. This was a heavy job, but it was done, to the mingled surprise
and admiration of leading underwriters. Since them the old ship bas la
bored in the ground swell of ber old disasters, but, learning wisdom by
experience, she feared and abandoned Chicago some time ago, and las
now for a year or more confined her risks to the Metropolitan District.
With an unimpaired capital of three hundred thousand dollars aad
abundant reserve for reinsurance, she now stands staunch and resolute,
while many of her strongest rivals have suffered, as she suffered, only to
be restored, as she bopes, like her, in due time, to their former strength
and prosperity.
‘I'hose in need of insurance in this crisis wil) remember the MaTROPOL
ITAN, at 108 Broadway. In spite of sll misfortanes of the pass, this
Company has never repudiated or delayed just loss. bat hes paid over
Five Million Dollars to its customers. Eve. Express. v
Cuicaco, Oct, 12, 1371.
J. Bauer (o., 650 Brotdwal, New-York: We have saved oar
lives, but lost everything, inclading 400 Pianos.
J. Bauer Co., Crosby's Opera House.
To assist our unfortunate Chisite bute in resuming their business we
are offering our large stock of cele Knabs Pianos and those of our
own manufacture also, Organs, Melodeons, and sll kinds of musical in
struments at reduced wholesale prices. Every instrument fully warranted,
J. Bau Co., 650 Broadway, New-York.
Billiard Table at Mlome for $20 1—Full size eney and balls.
No extra room required. Diagram mailed free. AsBoT NicHoLLS,
95 Liberty-st., New-York.
Headquarters for Single Waltham Watches, Yok
38 Boud-st., New-Yor
Wedding and Yisiting Cards, Tuitlal Stamping Note Paver.
Wx. Evaroxil's Sons, 104 FoLron-er., orr. Op Durcx CHURCH.
TOKLAS—October 14, the wife af Max Toklas of s dsaghter.
NEL EINENL AT
y £—SBARS—A¢ St. Bride’s Chareh, Li #8ept. 28, by the
Nr i ok CR SLL Le i
fein formerly of the U. 8 Amy. ry
EGERTON—WALSH—At Brooklyn, Oct. 13, 1371, by the Rev. Charles
8. Robireca, D. D., James 3. igri. to Frances Virginia, oldest
daughter of the late George W ell of Brooklyn.
HESS—BENSELIN —On Thursday, Oct<12, by the Rev. Father Zeller,
at the residence of the bride, Daviel Hess of New. York to Jenzie Boa.
eelin of Newtoma, L. L
M Af Ware, Mags., ou the 13th isst., by the Rev. Dr
ARP Lookwood W, Mead of Milwaukes to Nora J. Mas
lea, daughter of the lats Joseph aod Laars Maslen of Now-York City,
MORGAN— CHAPIN—On 1ith October, by Rev. 8 E. Je. Wh
CU of ioe aiden Chaps. esi all
WHITAKER—McDOWRLL—On Oct 13, tn tbe church, Arh asd
"by Rev. Isase Riley Y
goat fe Tork 07 to re Waltador of Fomine Fos:
PRUL-BLACK--On Thandsy, Oct st the racdonce of the bride’
To. the Bor. James Foden a ot Broiry
Mion Julia A, danghter of Wikies Black, esq, of New-York Cify.
Aik Notices of Marriages swst be indorsed with full
we oe AAS,
ro AL SR
Bhouson—4s Pasion Jed BNL AS Joon Lo Wo Rony
oe A AP ITS CG Ch
sired of the 11:30 m, train fom Bow Tock.
“i vorrei pate ON
BIRTH.
MARRIED
er J
a
I gry
cote ca 1, der, Oct 13, Bobet Mitchell, aged 30 youu
TE TL
I, Jane W., vite of Dr. Aueou 0, Salil
SURPARD—As Hoy. WJ. 0 1, Wiliam. 4 Shegeet oF
relatives 20d LE a
iv.
G. HILTON
4 rchees
or
THOMAS RAINSS
For State Eon bike Surveyet,
Beer
RE YartoR
For l of Rate Prisoss,
or
THOMAS KIREPATRICK
of Cayugs.
Por Contre
KBLSON K. HOPKINS
of Brie,
Por Auorsey-enoral
FRANCIS C. BARLO'
ngton, X
Rt deta Wastlagion. Providu 160.000
PENNS
American Central, 54 Leals....... SBI $254.35 $300,000
a YLAND,
Merchants’ aad Mecinnies’, Balto... $350,000 $34,208 $150,000
NNECTICUT. i
Hertford... wen diraveisest $3,000000 $5732635 $2,000,000
ty, Ee essserenacasesrives SONY: SOASET 355,008
of NewYork
riford 159,000 251,91 20,000
rd... «300,000 406,050 400,000 For
of YW ashingves.
1,000,000 2,737.519 1,200,000
200,000 040,058 350,000
300,008 456,508  *490,000
REPUBLICAN STATE COMMITTRE
ALONZO B. CORNELL, Chsirman.
300,000 BITE 350,000
Ounongn Orpyks, Treasurer, Jouw N. +e i TO
Pheolx, 600.000 1,717,947 700,000
Putnam, 1 PP $00,000 78¢,753 “C5000
1a. Stephen B. French, Sag Har-16th. ws

bor, al
20. Wis. Richardson, Brooklyn. 17th. Edwin A. Merrits, Potadam.
3d. Robert D. Benediot, Brooklyn 18th. Henry Brown, Pulabine
4th. (Te be flied Bridge.
5th. (To be filled. 19th, Norwood Bowne, Delhi.
6b. Hugh Gardner, New-York. 20th. Joh L. Norton, Carthage.
Teh. (To be £1 Ist. Levi
Sth. A. Arthur. New-York. 23d. Andrew J. Fresch, Oueide.
Lith, Charles H. Yan Wyck, Mid-24th, Joba N. Knapp,
dlewown. A Ton
12th. Henry 8. Vandecarr, Btock-20th. Alonss B. Cornell, Ithaca.
27th. Samuel Taber, Rimire.
Fa Birr. iy. Sh Rioband Orevig: ry
14th. Joseph H. Hamsey, h
15h. James 8. Swart, Cambridge. 30h. Roney W. Dasiels,
A
det boats: Lake, Frodeain.
RXBCUTIVE COM K.
Chester A. Arthar, Chairman, Samuel C, Taubes,
William Richirdeon, W. Deaicla,
Hugh Gardaer, lonzo B. Cornell,
W, H. Robertson, foamy opm,
Joseph H., Ramsey, Jota N.
Edwin A, Merritt,
Committe Booms Fifth-Avenae Hotel Now-Yock Oct 13, IT.
Republican Central Committee.
The Assembl ct Repnblican Associations represented ln is
Central Committee will assemble at their Naposiive Headquarters om
WEDNESDAY BNRNING, Oct. 18, inst. and in compliance with thele
constitutions, select Jelsyuton to the following conventions:
oF A COUNTY DNVRNTION to scminate candidates for Hegh
astion 0! Bapteme two es Seperior Court,
Judge of the Court of Common Pleas, a Judge of the Marine Court, Sad
Wived, Aldermen. il od
Such Convention meet at Bleecker Ballding, sey
ani Morton-sta., Fridar, Oct. 20, at 7:30 k m., 1h peed Distried
choose as many delegates as t is satitled bo n this Come itien.
Secomd: SENATORIAL CONVENTIONS to nominate a candidate
for State Semator, cousisting of as many delegates from each distriet as
such district is entitled to in this Commi Conventions shall be
beld on MONDAY, October 23d inst. a87:30 p. m., as follows:
1Vith SBepatorial Dist, at 134 Frank ln-et.
Vih Senatorial Dist, at Bloecker Building, cor. Bleecker and Mew
tou-sta.
VIth Senatorial Dist., at Concordia Hall, Avenue A, between Second
and Third-sta
VIIth Senatorial Dist, at 107 East Twenty-cighth-st.
VIlith Senatorial Dist. at 1.000 Third ave.
Third ASSEMBLY DISTRICT CONVENTIONS, which shall be
held at the respective headquarters of such dwtricts ou Taslg,
Oct, 24th, inst. rill 70 m., to nominate candidates for wembers
Jaswaitly Assistant Aldermen, and Inspectors of Blection, such conves
tions to Sowpaysd of ab ued delagiies 4s Waate are cloction distri
in such Assembly Diastriet.
New-York, October 13, 1871
By order of the Committee. JOHN J. TOWNSEKD, President.
Gro. W. Lyon. Becretary. Friis
beld on MONDAY, October 45a Ines, a8 (ND. &8 TOLUOWS
1Vith SBepatorial Dist, at 134 Frank ln-et.
Vih Senatorial Dist, at Bloecker Building, cor. Bleecker and Mew
tou-sta.
VIth Senatorial Dist., at Concordia Hall, Aveune A, between Second
and Thind-sta
VIIth Senatorial Dist., at 107 East Twenty-cighth-st.
VIlith Senatorial Dist. at 1.000 Third ave.
Third ASSEMBLY DISTRICT CONVENTIONS, which shall be
held at the respective headquarters of such dwtricts ou Taeelagy
Oct, 24th, inss., gt m., to nominate candidates for members
Jaseubly, dsaigtant Aldermen, and Inspectors of Blection, such conves
tions to be composed of as many delegates as there are cloction distriets
in such Assembly Diatriet.
New-York, October 13, 187L
By order of the Committee. JOHN J. TOWNSEND, President.
Gro. W. Low, Secretary.
The Execut've Committee of the CITIZENS aad TAX
PAYERS for the FINANCIAL REFORM of the CITY sad COUNTY
of NEW-YORK:
The undersigned, mbmbers of the Sub-Committee on Ways asd Messa,
respectfully solicit subscriptions to the Fund for defraging the expenses
of the above Committee of Seventy in performing the duty devolved upen
that Committee at the meeting beld at the Cooper Union, oo Meaday
evening, September 4, 1871. Buch subscriptions may be seat to Emil
Bauer, esq., Treasurer, at No. 120 Broadway; to either of the undersigned,
or to collectors duly appointed for the purposs, who will show lhsie
authority.
New-York, Sept. 11, 1871
JAMES M. BROWN, PAUL N. BPOFFORD,
HENRY CLEWS, WASHINGTON BR. VERMILYR,
BAM'L D. BABCOOK, WM. M. PLIESS,
B. B. SHERMAN, J. SELIGMAN,
JNO. A. STEWART, EUGENE BALIAN,
HENRY G. STBBBINS, Chairmen,
Wik. F. HAVEMBTER, Vice Conia, B50:
The Executive Committee of Citizens
for the Financial Rotorm of the Olax
eweY ork,~The Committe to Examive into oe
the City and County of New-York earnest! Yoquest all citizens whe
a personal knowledge of facts which would be service to the Commitien
to send 8 written statement of the same, addressed to the Commision,
Post-Ofice Box 2,312. WILLIAM H, WICKHAM, Chairmen.
JACKSON 8, score, GEO. C. BARRETT,
FREDK. SCHACK, J. MN. Hal4tsn:
JOHN WHEELKR, JOSEPH BLUMENTHAL,
J. J. OLONOHUE, ISAAC H. BAILEY.
Executive Gommnitioe of Citizens and Taxe, sors fo
the Financial form of the City and County of N
York.—At a regular Betting of the Sub-Committee ou B
on Monday evening, October 9, it was unanimously resolved that,
further notice, the fogulas meeting of the Committee on Flow be
on MONDAY and THURSDAY, at 8 p. m., of each week, in the rooms
the Kxecutive Committee, No. 938 Boadway, Jouthsbads corner
Twenty-secound-st. JOSEIH H. OATE,
Chairman of Commitias on Rlsctions,
An Adjourned Meeting of the Twenty second Ward Counell ol
Political Reform will be beld in the Chapel, on Fiftieth-st., betwtsl
Righth-ave. aad Broadway, on MONDAY, Oct. 16, at I m.
fricads of 4 reform ia our City Government are invited lo be present,
“TT Reventh Assembly District,
For Member of Assembly,
HORATIO N. TWOMBLY.
Pith Assembly District Union Republican Association.
month!y meeting will be held this {Mondar) evening a8 Lebanon
Abingdon square, at o'clock. The Executive Committee will moet
:30,p.m. Wia. i. Merril, Jr. Pron. T.8. Coppias, iD. A. Anderson tees
Grifia Hoffman,
NEWSPAPER ADVERTISING AGKNTS,
No. 4 BOUTH-ST.,
Opposite the Sun [roa Building,
Baltimore, Md.
EXCEPTIONAL FACILITIES IN BVERY RESPBOT.
SPECIALTY—SOUTHERN NEWSPAPERS.
GUARANTEES:
Unrivaled Dispatch in the Bxecation of Onlers
Uniformity aud Fidelity in the Fulfillment of Content.
The Best Mediums adapted to the Advertiser's Interests.
Publishers’ Lowes Baten
Applicants for estimates by mail may rely with confidence on restiviag
the same close figures, always inside of prevailing prices, at they would
secure by personal application 4 the ofice in Baltimore.
Business not confined lo any special lise. ____
Committee for the Relief of the Sullorers by the
Chicago Confilagration.
Rooms or THE Cuaxnsr or Couwunon,
No. 63 WiLLiAx-s7., October 13, 1671
Persons desirous of subscribing to this object may send their contribe
tions to the Chamber of Commerce, No. 63 Willlam-st., care of GEORGE
WILSON, Secretary of the Chamber, between the bears of 10 a. m. and
3p. m,, on te aay member of the Commitice, Checks to be made payable:
to the order of A. A. LOW, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTEE:
JOHN C. GREEN, Chaigman, TI South-si.
GRORGE OPDYKE, Vice-Chairman, 23 Nassas-st.
A. A. LOW, Treasurer, 31 Burling-slip.
FRANK B. HOWE, Secretary, 88 Wall at
Best Bargaias Ever Offered in New-York.
WHITE FRENCH CHINA DINNER SETS, 157 ove. $53 08
COLORED aad GILT FRENCH CHINA DINN SETH... 4
COLORED aad GILT FRENCH CHINA TEA SETS, f picess [0 00,
SILVER-PLATED CASTERS, 6 cut bottles. e00esssens pe
BILVER-PLATED TEA SETS, 6 pleces best plate..... ooze a
SILVER-PLATED TABLE FORKS, the dest. /isi.ocreee B00
COLORED CHAMBRE SETS, 11 pisces, Bagh pike. 4.58
Together with
A PULL AssoNTHRIE 4. i
CHINESE snd J
Lo WAP DALLEY k Oo.
Life Assediafion Amerion
OFFICE, BSOADWAY, WEW-YORE,
 policy-bolders.  Boonomy wd i»
agement. All profits divided among poliey-bolders.
L
Policies uoa-Sefitilg, fal cerrendsr value guaratecd by chatter.
Every Sine has 6us af 5500 reprocniictives ia the Qenerdl Bess of
Direstors. WILLIAK BARNES, Aseny.
Par q OF, Brass, Attsonny,
i ii d i yd
THE ONLY GOOD SAUCE.
od los
Tat
fev yy wi Bw
J L A N o v
Meav Trareieg sed y Hod, nd 3 i, A i
a wel) oT ov WTS- ahs’ 2
boviled Moats for Aanch, Krsakiunt, Bb
LW anh {A SL AU x.
he Bold by. moos -_ Cereal or 7
Rah ae ad
2
Ee
Gpecial Notices