Oe iHowtstn Spa
IS PUBLISHRn EVERY MORMNO,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
Al l»<*r year* if paid trie Uy In advance*
Otherwise, 1H Cent* per Month.
Uhssarbusctts Sps,
ESTABLISHED JCLT, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At »8 per Annum.
J D. BALDWIN Ai CO., Proprietors.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
Worcester Jlailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
The city council will hold its regular meeting
this evening.
Dr. Geo. F. Balcom, of this city, arrived home
from Europe yesterday.
The board of mayor and aidermen will be in
session Monday afternoon, beginning at two
o’clock, to revise the voting list.
The attention of democratic voters is called to
the card of Mr. Maurice A. Power in another
column.
The democrats will hold a mass meeting in
Mechanics hall this evening. Hons. J. G. Ab
bott, Edward Avery and P. A. Collins will
speak for them.
Miss Mary Stone, who has for several years
past been the leading singer in the Universalist
church, has received and accepted a call to go
to Dr. Schimmerhoin’s church in Boston. She
began her duties there yesterday.
The second track of the Providence railroad
will be put through this winter. The upper
wire bridge in Millbury has been finished, and
work is progressing on the other one. The
business of the road is rapidly increasing.
Maj- O. L. Hatch has removed his flour store
from No. 11 to No. 17 Crompton’s block, Me
chanic street. His advertisement in another
column calls attention to his stock of choice
flour and excellenfMichigan apples.
The republican city committee have appointed
rallying committees for the several wards at the
election to-morrow, the names of which will be
found on the. inside page. The persons so des
ignated are notified of a meeting at headquar
ters, 442 Main street, this evening.
The performances of the Ravel pantomime
troupe are such as we can recommend to the
patronage ol all lovers of real fun, if our ex
changes may be relied upon; for they all praise
their pantomime “Pat-a-cake, Baker's Man,” as
first rale. A good pantomime company will be
appreciated here, for genuine, mirth-provoking
drollery is always acceptable.
The committees appointed at the labor reform
conventions to select candidates for representa
tives from the loth and 11th districts, have re
ported the following names: 10th district, Albion
Carpenter, John Colbert and A. J. Walker; 11th
district, Geo. E. Mansfield, J. Timon and Geo.
T. Collins.
The temperance meeting, in the Summer
street chapel, last evening, was addressed by W.
Mecorney, M. Almy Aldrich, T. K. Earle, and
S. S, Foster. Rev. Mr. Cheever presided, and an
nounced that a series of Sunday evening tem
perance meetings would be held in the chapel
during the winter. the singing of the choir
was one of the pleasantest features of the meet
ing.
In the municipal court, Saturday, Geo. Lam
son, for drunkenness, second offence, was sen
tenced to the house of correction for three
months; John O’Conner appealed from a sen
tence fining him s2o*and costs lor assault and
battery; John Griftin was lined S 3 and costs for
throwing stones, and committed to jail on non
payment; Agnes Powers and; John Hessions
paid fines for drunkenness.
The school for drawing, which the Mechanics
association conducted with such marked suc
cess last winter, opened for this season last
Friday evening, with about seventy scholars.
The school is under the direction ot the same
teachers as last winter—Professors Gladwin
and Burleigh—and will meet in Washburn hail
every Tuesday and Friday evening through the
season.
The Lyceum course, after a pause to give
room to fairs and the musical convention, re
opens on Thursday evening with Mark Twain,
to be followed closely, on Monday evening next,
by Rev. Henry Ward Beecher. Season tickets
are again offered for sale, but the number is
quite limited, as only a portion of the hall is set
apart for the season tickets.
The windows of Pat Murphy’s house, on Suf
folk street, suffered from a storm of stones Sat
urday night. Mrs. Murphy thinks that Tim
Leary threw them, for the reason that she
complained of a liquor nuisance kept by him
a while ago, ami be had announced his inten
tL;. of having the cost of his fine out of the
Murphy family in some way. She thinks he
began by breaking the windows.
When Russell’s train from the west came in
Saturday night, a fellow named Michael Kelley
was turned over to officers Johnson and Atkin
son, for safe keeping. When the train stopped
at West Brookfield, Mr. Chas. D. Bigelow, of
this city, discovered that his carpet-bag was
gone, and remarked his loss to a fellow passen
ger, who saw Kelley leave the train with it.
They immediately went around to the rear of
the depot, where they found the thief with the
stolen bag. A brakeman jerked him back into
the car, where he was held with some difficulty
until the train reached this city. He broke
down one car-seat in struggling to get away on
his way here.
For Chicago and the Northwest.
Amount previously reported, $41,659.42; re
ceived from Quinsigamond and Worcester
lodges and Wachusett encampment, 1. O. of O.
F., this day for northwest, $500; total, $12,159.42.
Chas. B. Whiting, Treasurer.
November 4, 1871.
Republican Nominations.—The seventh
Worcester district convention was held at Ber
lin last Saturday. Dr. G. W. Symonds of Clinton
had twenty votes, J. B. Parker of Northboro
had seventeen, and S. I. Rice of Northboro had
one, and Dr. S. was declared the nominee of
the convention.
The bolting republicans of the sixth district
and prohibitionists have united on Aug. J.
Sawyer of Harvard, against Geo. A. Parker of
Lancaster, the regular nominee.
Democratic Nominations.—The democrats
of the first senatorial district have nominated
Thomas Gates as their candidate for senator.
The democratic candidates for representatives
from the tenth district are Emory Banister,
Geo. R. Spurr and Joseph E. Davis.
In the eleventh district the democrats have
nominated James E. Estabrook, Andrew Athy
and Albert Prince.
Voting Places.—The recent change in the
voting places in .this city, made by the city
council, will probably cause some inconvenience
to-morrow, more especially to of wards
8,5,6 and 8, who will find their new ward rooms
removed some distances from the old ones. For
the better information of the public we give be
low the location of the new ward rooms:
Ward One—At the court house, ns formerly.
Ward Two—At their new ward room In the
school house on Belmont street.
Ward Three—At room No 6 Mechanics hall.
Ward Four—At Horticultural hall.
Ward Five—At 99 Park street (Levi Barker’s
block).
Ward Six—At 615 Main street (Calvin Taft’s
block).
Ward Seven—At City hall.
Ward Eight—At st> Pleasant street, (Ripley’s
block.)
A Rich Concert Dress.—A correspondent
thus describes the elegant costume worn by
Mrs. Moulton at her concert in this city Friday
evening: “It was a heavy silk, of that peculiar
pale green color, known as Eun de Nile, made
with a full court train; the skirt was covered
with deep point de Venisc, looped up at the
sides; the bottom was finished with a flounce of
silk, over which fell another of the same width
of the lace, and the top was finished with a
cordon of bonilline, over which was another
row of lace; the train was bordered with a wide
flounce of silk and lace, similar to that on the
skirt; the corsage was cut decollete, with trim
mings of lace, and very short sleeves. Around
her neck she wore a band of large diamonds.
She wore long white kid gloves, and one
arm near the shoulder was encircled by a mag
nificent jeweled serpent, a gift toiler from the
Empress Eugenic. Her hair was dressed with
white flowers, mingled with diamonds, and the
entire costume presented an elegant appear
ance.”
A Young Rogue.—Rei Munroe Hills, a young
man eighteen years of age, was arrested by
pfficcr Ranger, Saturday, in compliance with a
request from the city marshal vs
©lorrcMcr Saito Spn
VOL. 26, NO. 263.
Me., who wants him for breaking and entering,
lie came from Maine here about four weeks
ago, and has been working in Gray’s shop on
Central street as a screw maker, for $1.25 per
day. The fellow has been very lavish with
money since he has been here, much more so
than his wages would warrant, and when ar
rested had about $l5O in his several pockets, be
sides two watches, which he bought at a store
here for SSO. He says his home is in Windham,
N. H. The letter to City Marshal Drennan
states that the proof against him in Lewiston is
positive, and says that he has sometimes gone
by the name of John H. Davis.
To the Republicans of Worcester.—The
republican city committee on Saturday issued
the following timely appeal:
To the Republicans of Worcester: It is well
understood that a large number of persons have
been naturalized during the past year, and that
the democratic party of this city are making
preparations to bring out their entire vole, with
a view of defeating a part of the republican
candidates at the annual election. For the ac
complishment of this end attempts have al
ready been made to control, by outside influ
ences, the deliberations of the conventions of
the labor reform party, and to rouse the local
piejudices of a portion of our citizens. Im
portant interests of our city, particularly the ex
tension of the Barre and Gardner railroad, are
thus endangered by this adroit attempt to se
cure the election of men not in sympathy with
the views and interests of the people of Worces
ter.
It therefore becomes the imperative duty of
every republican to give his vole at the election,
and to aid by every legitimate means in his
power in securing the triumph of the entire re
publican ticket. Rally then, fellow icpublicans,
at the polls next Tuesday, and thus prevent our
city from being misrepresented in its principles
and in its most important local interests.
Exhibition of Ferneries.—This unique
exhibition opens to-morrow evening, and the
committee are desirous to know as soon as pos
sible the number of ferneries, hanging baskets
and designs in ferns and mosses they are to
have sent in. Apart from the chance of a pre
mium it is hoped and expected that all who have
any of the articles called for will be willing to
assist the association in their efforts to carry on
so valuable and useful an institution in this
city as to send them in for exhibition. The com
mil tee expect to have on sale fern cases, (either
slocked or not); also mosses, etc., arranged for
display in the parlor. The large aquaria owned
by the association has been started again and
will be on exhibition in connection with the
many thousand specimens in the cabinet.
Further particulars will be found in the adver
tisement.
Dedication of the Rooms of the Peo
ple’s Club.—The new rooms at Brinley hall,
just fitted up by this club, will be dedicated at
71 o’clock this evening by appropriate exercises.
The president will give a statement of what has
been done in the past, ami the designs for the
future operations ol the club. Remarks are also
expected from other gentlemen, and good music
will be furnished by a select choir. To-night
will be an appropriate time to join the club and
aid in the philanthropic objects for which it was
organized, and all interested are invited to be
come members. It has a wide field of useful
ness, and should receive the hearty sympathy
and aid of all good citizens. The public are
earnestly and cordialiy invited to be present this
evening and hear what may be said in support
of such an institution. The rooms will be open
on Tuesday evening under the direction of the
“hospitality section” to all who desire to avail
themselves of its advantages.
Superior (Criminal) Court.—Devens, J.
Saturday. Nov. 4. —Commonwealth vs. Sylvanus
Sawyer and Anu M. Morse of Fitchburg, for
adultery. The testimony for the defence was
continued. David F. Mclntire, George H. Kins
man, Wm. Kimball, Lucius Aldrich, John E.
Davis, Leander P.Comee, Lemuel Long, Thomas
Upton, Stephen Shepley and Dr. Thomas
Palmer, testified as to the reputation for veracity
of John D. Williams, the essential witness for
the government, that it was bad, or very bad.
John D. Plasc and Wm. F. Day contradicted
statements made by John I). Williams. Horace
Chipman, who lived with Mr. Morse at the time
his wife left him, testified as to her leaving in
the early spring of 1867, as did also Mrs. Emm
eline K. Willis, Mrs. Morse’s sister (residing
about four miles from Mr. Morse’s) who testified
that she made her home with her during the
summer, and was there all the time after leav
ing her husband in April till she went to Fitch
burg in the fall, with the exception of
about five or six weeks absence at
various periods visiting her friends.
Also that Mrs. M. was turned out of her hus
band’s house and ordered to leave. Nathan
Sargent of Groveland, who married a sister of
Mrs. Morse, testified as to the reception of a
letter from his brother-in-law relative to his
wife being about to leave, &c. Dr. A. R. Gould,
formerly of Fitchburg, now of Vineland, N. J.,
testified that he first introduced Sawyer to Mrs.
Morse, in his (Dr. G.’s) office, in Fitchburg, in
October, 1867. This was at variance with that
portion of the testimony for the government,
affirming the previous acquaintance of the par
lies, and what had transpired between them,
previous to that date*] Dr. Alfred Miller
of Fitchburg testified in reference to his
malical attendance upon Mrs. Morse during
the night previous to the morning when Johan
na Flaherty, a witness for the government, testi
fied that she found Mrs. Morse in Sawyer’s
room, at the hotel. Dr. M. testified that Mrs.
Morse was very sick during the night, in her
own room, being there himself till three o’clock
in the morning.
After the beginning of Mrs. Morse’s testimony
in her own behalf, the court adjourned till
Wednesday morning next at nine o'clock, when
the case will be continued. It is thought the
arguments of counsel will not be reached till
Wednesday afternoon. Aldrich, Snow and
Merriam for the defence; Rice and Fales for the
go ve rumen i.
COUNTY NEWS.
Send in the Returns.—Our friends
throughout the county will confer a favor by
sending to us promptly on the close of the polls
to-morrow,the result of the voting in their several
localities.
The Stevens linen mills in Dudley are receiv
ing four vessel loads of flax, direct from Russia.
The new Masonic rooms in the bank building
in Fitchburg will be dedicated on Thursday,
Nov. 16th.
a collection of $22.25 was taken in the Ortho
dox church in Sterling on Sunday week, iu aid
of the sufferers by the Chicago tire.
A committee has been chosen in Fitchburg to
report a plan for establishing a museum in con
nection with the public library of that town.
About forty voters were manufactured for
Douglas during the past week, at the mill in
this city.
In the first district court, Saturday, Rudolph
Schultz paid a fine of SSO and costs for main
taining a liquor nuisance in Oxford.
On Wednesday evening, the Ist, the friends
of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Rich of Rochdale, sur
prised them with a visit and a number of silver
presents.
'l’he sum of $lB2 was collected in the Unita
rian church in Fitchburg, on Sunday week, in
aid for the sufferers by tire in the northwest, out
side of Chicago.
The service pipes of the Fitchburg water
works arc all down, and it is confidently ex
pected that they will be ready for the introduc
tion of water before the end of the month.
A dove which was flying about near the West
boro depot, a lew days ago, became bewildered in
the steam from a locomotive and flew directly
under the wheels, which crushed it. This is the
first instance of killing birds by running over
them in their flight.
Mr. F. D. Handy of Clinton, of the firm of G.
F. Swift Co., met with an accident Friday
noon. As he was stepping into a car at the de
pot, he fell backward, falling upon a rock and
injuring his back, so that he was unable
to walk. The extent of his injuries cannot as
yet be determined.
About yut Uuudrvd wtn of wral in
Douglas woods burnt over recently, with a large
quantity of corded wood. The losers arc A. F.
Brown, J. M. Aldrich, Level Southwick, Retus
Walling, Chase Taft, and Hiram Ward. The
fire caught from sparks from the boat train.
The state constables made an extensive
seizure of liquor from Fitchburg sellers on the
2d inst. Eleven places were found where the
liquor selling business was carried on, and the
entire stock in each was seized. Four suspected
places were visited where none was found. The
dealers of Fitchburg never met with such a
sweeping visitation and loss before.
A young Frenchman, in the employ of Baker
Co., in the woolen factory at Southville, while
amusing himself a few days ago by drawing
his body, with his hands, up to a revolving
shaft, lost his power of control and was mangled
in a frightful manner; one of his legs was
broken in several places and he was otherwise
so badly hurt that he died the next day.
A family gathering of the children, grand
children ami great-grand children of Capt. John
D. Merrill, was held at his residence on Wheeler
hill, Berlin, on Saturday evening, October 28,
all of the children and gran 1-children but one
being present, making a family Df fifty-eight
persons.
At the republican convention of the fifth
Worcester representative district, held at Fitch
burg Saturday, the following gentlemen were
unanimously nominated candidates for the house
of representatives: Geo. E. Towne and J. W.
Kimball of Fitchburg, and Lucien A. Cook of
Leominster. The convention unanimous! v de
clared in favor of the present prohibitory law.
Joseph Dargon, a Fitchburg house carpenter,
died suddenly last Thursday. He was at work
on a new house, and put on his coat and
went down stairs, to go home to dinner, appar
ently in his usual health. While passing
through the lower room he complained of feel
ing faint, sank down, and died in less than five
m inutes. lie was a man 87 years old, and leaves
a wife and children.
John Syncs was before a Leominster justice,
Saturday week, for assault upon his wife, fined
$lO and costs, amounting to S2O 85, which he
paid. John came home from jail the week be
fore, where he had been for the same offence,
but with a little whiskey inside be could not re
sist the temptation to try the sport again.
Mr. Joab Barnard, of Bolton, aged seventy
eight (twin brother of the late Joel Barnard,
who died on the 4th of July last), died on the
28d ult. They married sisters, daughters of the
late Oliver Nourse, and both pairs, as one fam
ily, lived together for many years under the
same roof. Mr. Joab had no children, while
Mr. Joel had two, a son and a daughter. Of
these, the latter, Mrs. Calvin Nourse, together
with her husband, has been dead some years;
while the former, Mr. Joel Barnard, the younger,
now an influential citizen of Watertown, is ex
pecting to return with his family to the old
house in his native town. Mrs. Abigail, wife of
Mr. Joab Barnard, died last January; while Mrs.
Mary, wife of the late Joel, still survives.
The Webster Post Office Question.—
Another attempt to determine who shall be
postmaster at Webster has been arranged.
When the question was up, a year ago, the con
gressional district committee proposed that Mr.
Day should keep the office until the end of this
year, and then resign; and that the republicans
of Webster should determine by ballot whether
E. P. Carter or some other republican should be
his successor. The end of the year approaches;
and Mr. Hoar, having consulted the committee,
asks Judge Jillson and Mr. Bartholomew to call
and hold a meeting for such a ballot. First, the
republicans are to say by ballot whether they
desire a change iu the office. Second, if they
say yes, they will be required to vote for a can
didate. The balloting will take place after the
state election.
Democratic, Labor Reform and Pro
hibitory Nominations. —The democrats of
the third councillor district met in convention
at the democratic headquarters in Pemberton
square, Boston, Saturday, and nominated Hen
ry Aldrich, Esq., of Mendon, as their candidate
for councillor.
The democrats of the seventh representative
district have nominated their candidate of last
year, Mr. Jonas E. Howe of Clinton. He is also
the nominee of the labor reformers.
The democrats of the fifth senatorial district
have nominated Mr. John H. Davis of Ster
ling.
The prohibitionists of the same district have
nominated Mr. Trumbull Bull of Harvard.
The labor reform party of the same district
have nominated Mr. R. C. Downs of Fitchburg
for senator, and Dr. C. C. Field of Leominster.
Dr. Jabez Fisher and Col. E. P. Loring of Fitch
burg, were chosen as candidates for representa
tives.
The labor reform party of the Worcester 16th
representative district have nominated 1). C*
Avery of Millbury, W. 1). Jones of Douglas,
and Wm. Shanly of Webster.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE WOKCESTEB DAILY OPT
FROM EUROPE.
France.
HUGO ASKS FOR ROCHEFORT’S PARDON.
Paris, Nov. s.—Victor Hugo has made a
second visit to President Thiers, to procure a
pardon for Henri Rochefort. The president re
ceived him kindly, but declined to interfere with
the course of law.
SENTENCE OF DEATH.
The communist Quesnel has been tried and
convicted of firing buildings in Paris. Th e
court pronounced sentence of death.
THE TESTIMONIAL TO .MINISTER WASHBURNE.
The ottering of the testimonial to Minister
Washburne on Thursday was a very agreeable
affair. A large number of Americans waited
upon the minister and presented silver ware,
consisting of an elegant dinner and tea service
of fine silver, the product ol American mines
and of American manufacture. An appropriate
address, reciting that the tokens were
offered as an earnest of the donors' respect,
gratitude and admiration for the minister’s dis
tinguished public services and his kindness to
all {Americans who remained in Paris during
the siege, accompanied the gifts. Mr. Wash
burne accepted the testimonial, and replied to
the address in a few graceful remarks, in which
he took occasion to acknowledge and praise the
zealous co-operation of Col. Hoffman, the secre
tary of legation, and other members of the dip
lomatic household.
Great Britain.
THE INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT LAW.
London, Nov. s.—The correspondence and
newspaper controversy in regard to authors’
rights and an international copyright law,which
have been attracting the notice of the literary
world for some time past, have taken so person
al a turn anil have become so heated, that the
Times declares its intention to close its columns
to any further communications on the subject.
Already one libel suit has grown out of the con
troversy, Mrs. Norton having brought prosecu
tion against one of the writers on the subject.
Anatria.
THE NEW CABINET AND ITS POLICY.
Vienna, Nov. s.—The new ministry, to the
formation of which Baron Von Kellersburg has
been called, is not yet definitely constituted;
but the following “slate,” which is current in
political circles, is generally believed to be ac
curate:
For president, with portfolio of the interior,
Baron Von Keltcraberg; finance, Holze
gethan; worship, Destremayer; justice,
Chlimctzkv; commerce, Deplener; war,
Schoel; agriculture, Grocholski. Holzegethan
and Destremayer were members of the ministry
of the court of Potocki, and Deplener of Count
Taatfe’s cabinet.
The new president hasdeclared that the policy
which compelled the retirement of Count Ho
henwart will be vigorously pursued. Some of
its friends having lieen deceived by stories of a
compromise, it is distinctly announced that no
compromise is in contemplation likely to be
made. The diets of Bohemia, Moravia, Carnio
la, Upper Austria and Galicia, will be dis
solved as soon as the government is definitely
settled.
Npaiu.
PLOT.
London, Nov. 5.—A telegraph special from
Paris contains the statement that a plot against
the government of Spain of a dangerous char
acter, has been discovered in that city.
THE COUPON QUESTION.
Madrid, Nov. s.—The sub-committee of the
budget vvmuuliw vl Uu COHVj Um agreed to
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1871.
report favorably on the proposed tax on the cou
pons of the Spanish bonds.
the expected excitement.
It is believed that an attack on the government
by the icpublicans, under the lead of Senor Zo
villa, will be made in the cortes during the com
ing week, on the subject of the manner of dealing
with the international society. SenON Zorilla
and Sagosta are widely at variance on this point,
the latter supporting the government heartily.
A compromise between Sagosta and Zorilla.
which has, up to this time, been discussed and
anticipated among conservative republicans, is
now thought to be impossible, as the agitation
of this matter of the treatment of the interna
tionals is sure to produce a complete rupture.
C>k*rmaiiy.
additional power for the emperor.
Berlin, Nov. s.—The reichstag has passed
the war fund bill. During the debate prior to
its passage, Prince Bismarck urged on the mem
bers the necessity in the present aspect of Euro
pean affairs of strengthening the country by
thus empowering the emperor to act promptly
and freely under any adverse or threatening cir
cumstances which may arise. The passage of
the war fund bill, which was recommended in
the emperor’s address at the opening of the
reichstag, would leave his majesty unshackled,
and would virtually place Prussia in a position
to act upon the otlcnsivv or defensive. No com
plications are at present apparent.
Belgium.
RELIEF.
Brussels, Nov. s.—The Belgian government
has forwarded $20,000 to America for the relief
of the Belgian settlers in Wisconsin who suffered
by the forest fires. The government has also
opened a subscription for voluntary contribu
tions for the same object.
Turkey.
NO GUARANTEES FOR CATHOLICISM.
Constantinople, Nov. s.—Franchi, ihe pa
pal envoy, has taken his departure, having
failed in his efforts to obtain any guarantees
from the sultan in regard to the status of Cath
olic subjects in Turkey. The sublime porte
persistently refuses to enter into any discussion
of the condition of the Christian subjects.
From Washington.
FINANCIAL.
Washington, D. C., Nov. 5. —The following
statement was issued yesterday:
Receipts of fractional currency for the
week •853,800
Shipments 848,200
Notes shipped 1,402,600
The treasurer holds in trust as security for
national bank circulation 369,393,850
And for deposits of public money 15,279,000
Receipts from internal revenue to-day.... 644,061
Total for the fiscal year to date 48,900,780
National bank circulation outstanding.. .324,722,827
Senator Sherman, the chairman, and one or
two members of the finance committee, have ar
rived here for their meeting on Tuesday next,
to consider the questions submitted by the
special senate resolution of April last regarding
the reduction of taxation through a revision of
the customs and excise laws. The committee
will not do much next week, but remain in ses
sion till the meeting of congress, and will prob
ably be prepared to submit some result of their
labors in December or January. It is doubtful,
however, if anything very practical will come
from this, as the house is quite sure, as hereto
fore, to insist on its constitutional prerogative
to institute all measures relating to revenue.
The new ways and means committee will, of
course, be quite sensitive upon the proposed re
vision of the tariff.
appointments.
The president has appointed Geo. H. Boker of
Pennsylvania minister resident at Constantino
ple, vice McVeagh, resigned, and John Hart
Haws consul at Hakodadi.
postal.
The post office department is still unable to
make permanent contracts for carrying the mails
over some of the postal routes in the southern
states. Although twice advertised, no responsi
ble bids have been made. Of those opened last
week nearly all prove to be straw bids. Gen.
Creswell will ask congress in his next annual re
port, to legislatutein the matter, and will recom
mend that a law be passed providing that offer
ing “straw bids” shall be considered a misde
meanor, and be punished as such. Gen. Cres
well is of the opinion that this would have the
effect to prevent any but legitimate bids being
made.
MARYLAND.
Gen. Creswell left for his home in Maryland
yesterday, and will not return until after the
state flection, next Tuesday. He predicts that
the republicans will make a gain in Maryland
of ten thousand votes over the vote of the last
election, and will gain several members of the
legislature.
NAVAL.
All the officers of the United States steamer
Richmond, which recently arrived at Philadel
phia from the European fleet, have been de
tached and placed on waiting orders, among
them are Chief Engineer John N. Johnson and
Midshipmen Herbert Winslow, John H. Nichols
and Timothy D. Boiler of Massachusetts.
Lieut. Commander N. Mayo Dyer has been or
dered to the Boston navy yard. Lieut. Com
mander James G. Green of Massachusetts has
been detached from the Ashuelot, and placed
on waiting orders. Lieut. Thomas M. Gardiner
of Massachusetts has been detaehed from the
Monocacy and granted sick leave.
UTAH.
The instructions of the president to the execu
tive authorities in Utah were to the effect that
there should be a firm yet judicious enforcement
of the law, and no compromise with criminals.
The latest reports from civil and military
officials represent that all danger of collision has
passed.
HABEAS CORPUS.
It is said in official circles that the president
has no present intention of suspending the privi
lege of the writ of habeas corpus in any southern
state other than South Carolina, unless a con
dition of things shall occur similar to that in the
proclaimed counties.
A PHILADELPHIA DELEGATION.
A delegation from Philadelphia had an inter
view with the president yesterday, urging the
importance of congressisonal endorsement of
the centennial celebration of American inde
pendence.
INTERNAL REUENUE.
The receipts of internal revenue the present
fiscal year, to Nov. 4th, were $48,900,781. The
expenses have been reduced thirty per cent from
last year.
AN IMPORTANT SUBJECT.
Mr. Myers, of the treasury department, who
has investigated the whole subject of emigration
from Europe, recommends that, upon the ar
rival of all vessels carrying emigrants, an in
spector speaking as many languages as possible
board them, and ascertain the complaints of
space occupied, the quantity and quality of
food, means of ventilation and escape, duplicate
reports to be made to the collector of the port
and treasury department. He also urges a de
cision of the question of jurisdiction of our gov
ernment over the officers of foreign ships, that
in case of necessity remedies may be devised in
a new law.
TEXAS.
There appears to be some dissatisfaction
among the Texas republicans concerning party
management in that state. A delegation, com
posed mainly of members of the state executive
committee, is here, endeavoring to persuade the
administration to bring about a change in the
federal officers of the state. They place the re
sponsibility for their recent defeat at the door of
the principal treasury officers and post master,
and think that if the changes they propose are
made the state can be carried in 1872 by a large
majority.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
South Carolina papers report that the excite
ment in Spaitanburg is somewhat subsided.
In York county over two hundred persons have
confessed their connection with the kuklux or
ganization, though they mainly allege they
never participated in its operations. Some say
thev were compelled to join, while others did it
us a means of protection.
THE LABOR REFORMERS.
A national labor party convention will be held
at Columbus, Ohio, Dec. sth.
Indian News.
Sharp Battle—Cochise Leads the Apachcw
on the War Path, etc.
San Francisco, Nov. 5.—A courier from
Tucson, Arizona, to Los Angeles, reports that
the Apaches who murdered Richard Barnes, near
Camp Bowie, were overtaken at Horseshoe
canon, by Capt. Russel and twenty soldiers, and
found posted in a secure position. A sharp bat
tle followed. A citizen guide was killed, and
two soldiers wounded. Two horses were killed.
The Indians could not be dislodged. Capt. Wil
liams reports that the Indians were led in person
by Cochise, with whom Vincent Collyer is said
to have made peace.
A quantity of stock stolen by the Apaches
from the settlers near Tucson, since the trehty of
peace, was found on the Apaches reservation,
at Camp Grant, and recovered. Eight of the
Camp Grant reservation Indians, who were in
dicted by the United States grand jury for the
murder of settlers, disappeared from the reser
vation just before the officers reached there with
warrants for their arrest.
New England Dispatches.
CONNECTICUT.
Norwich, Nov. s.—Robert Allen, aged sev
enty, cut his throat in the cemetery, at Green
ville, yesterday. He was temporarily insane,
and may recover.
MAINE.
Portland, Nov. s.—Dr. J. C. Pudor, a prom
inent physician of this city, died yesterday.
A Frenchman, named Joseph Sweno, belong
ing in Syrock, C. E., employed by the Portland
and Ogdensburg railroad, was instantly killed
at Cumberland mills, Saturday night, by being
struck by an engine, i
Our New York Dispatches.
l.ittlc Bumiiichm to br done on Klrction
Day-New I’lot to Defeat the Election
The German Vote—Krport of the Whole-
Bale Markets—Trouble in Passaic Vil
lage* etc.
New York, Nov. s.—From present appear
ances it may be assumed that very little
business will be transacted in this city on Tues
day. A suspension of business on election day
is a very unusual thing to happen in this com
munity, and shows the depth of feeling for re
form when it thus seeks to find expression in
the personal attendance of merchants, profes
sional men and clerks at the polls efforts to
detect repeaters and other ruffians in their de
signs on the purity of the ballot box. When
those who have heretofore neglected this duty
now take such deep interest in the contest, there
is reason to believe that the election will be
much more honest than many that have taken
place of late years. One hundred and eight of
the leading commercial firms of the city have
signed a paper agreeing to close their places of
business on Tuesday, and additional signatures
to the agreement arc still being obtained. The
stock, produce and gold exchanges have agreed
to adjourn over.
It is reported that a new and dangerous
scheme for defrauding honest voters on Tuesday
has been brought to light. The plan as given
is this: When the ballot-boxes have been sealed,
at the close of the polls, they are usually taken
from the table or counter on which they have
rested, and placed on the floor. Il is said that
it is the purpose of a number of dishonest in
spectors to have duplicate boxes in an inner
room, exactly the same in appearance as the
genuine boxes, and containing precisely the
same number of votes, the political character of
which is adjusted to suit the interests of ihe
conspirators. The boxes are then to l>e adroilly
changed and the ballots canvassed with all ap
pearance of fairness and impartiality. Ii is
claimed that this trick is to be. tried in a number
of election districts, but this warning will be
sufficient to prevent it if It was ever seriously
entertained.
It is understood that the Tammanv managers
have hit upon the plan of “running” a German
candidate in each district for the senate, except
the sixth, where a German is already in the
field, in hopes of dividing the German vote upon
Sigel and securing a part of it for Shandley.
So much confidence is felt in the success of this
and other plans of the crafty Sweeney, that
sporting men (who serve in election times as
barometers to indicate the. probable result of
the contest), are staking the o.lds of three to
one on the success of Shandley over Sigel, the
reform candidate.
Three women, Victoria C. Woodhull, Tennes
see Claflin and Mary A. Leland, have registered
their names, and hope to be allowed to vote on
Tuesday.
Information having reached the department
of parks, that one of the superintendents was
drilling and marshalling park laborers in the
interest of ThomasC. Fields, the Tammany can
didate for the assembly in the Nineteenth dis
trict, Judge Hilton personally visited the boule
vard, and told the superintendent and foremen
of gangs that there must be no interference with
the men, and that all should be left to exercise
their political choice without coercion.
Yesterday afternoon a deputation of axemen
called at the controller’s office and demanded
their pay lor September. They were referral
by Mr. Green to Mr. Storrs, who informed them
that in justice to the men ot the other city de
partments their claims could not now be enter
tained until the pay rolls for August, still un
paid, were disposed of.
The Times says this year’s registration
probably includes far less of th? repeating ele
ment than 1870, and believes the vote will come
closely up to the registry, which is the largest
ever known, and that the entire increase is due
to voters who count for reform.
Charles O’Conor addressed the voters of the
19th ward last evening, in exposition of the ring
frauds and denunciation of Tweed. The latter
addressed his supporters in the 18th ward, ask
ing, he said, only justice and fair play, which
was denied him by his partisan foes, and claim
ing that a re-election would be an endorsement
of his course.
The names of two ladies, Mrs. Frances Rose
McKinley and Mrs. Annie Kemble Parker, were
registered,yesterday, in the 19th ward.
Samuel A. Lewis has withdrawn from the
senatorial contest in the sth district in favor of
Benedict, now sole opponent of Norton.
John H. Anthony, grand master of Masons of
this state, has declined the nomination forjudge
of the superior court.
The present Tammany aldermen and assistant
aidermen are to be voted for on Tuesday, with
out formal renomination.
The Tammany ites of the 11th, 16th and 17th
wards have repudiated Judge Ledwith.
The order for the arrest of Ingersoll will be
returned tc the court by the sheriff’, tomorrow,
endorsed “not served.”
Alexander Spaulding, candidate for the marine
court bench, is accused of indebtedness to the
national government to the amount of half a
million, on the accounts of the collector of in
ternal revenue. He denies the accusation, de
claring emphatically that he don’t owe the gov
ernment a dollar.
Ample preparations have been made by the
military to aid the police on Tuesday in case of
outbreak.
The Tamm any ites will leave no stone un
turned to defeat their opponents. Instead of
processions of the mammoth order, which here
tofore have been one of the features of the Tam
many campaigns, the leaders have appropriated
the money which would have been spent in that
direction, to paying rent for their constituents,
wiping out bills at rum shops for them, ami
subsidizing the ward politicians with cash.
In some of the districts of the rough wards
there is not much question but trouble will en
sue between the adherents of the regular Tain
many ites and those of the reformers, and many
persons aware of the bitter feud now existing
in some of those localities, predict bloixly affrays
with a possible riot that may spread all over the
city.
Il is on this account, coupled with the ques
tionable proceedings on the part of the city au
thorities on the 12th of July, that Gov. Hoffman
decided to remain here until the election is over.
He has held interviews with Gen. Shaler, com
mander of the first division of the militia in
this city, and with several other well known
military commanders, as well as with Samuel
Tilden,’ Charles O'Conor, Win. M. Evarts ami
members of the committee of seventy, at which
interviews the probable status ot ass airs has been
freely ami fully canvassed. The results of these
interviews and complications have been the
notifying of regimental commanders to have
their armories well guarded, and to be ready to
call their commands together at a moment’s no
tice. The governor is determined that if a riot
is inaugurated it shall be the last that shall ever
disgrace the state, for no mercy wi 1 be shown to
any violators of the law on an election day.
The assertion that the police are to work only
in the interests of the Tammany candidates on
Tuesday is undoubtedly true to a larger extent
than is generally credited, ami should they en
deavor to carry out the tactics laid down, then
a great deal of trouble will ensue from this
source, which should prove to be a protection
instead of an hindrance ami obstruction to our
citizens in the exercise of their right of suffrage.
It is probable, however, that on Monday, when
the leaders of the ring ascertain the effective
measures in readiness to thwart their designs
that they will change their programme to such
an extent that the election will pass off quietly.
Scarcely in any ward is there such an excite
ment over the coming struggle as in the first
ward. First warders are not very much exer
cised over the senatorial contest, and the claims
of Tweed and O’Donovan Rossa are completely
swamped in the struggle between Nick Muller
and Healey for the assembly. The row which
occurred the other night has added fuel to the fire
and the supporters of each candidate are now at
drawn daggers. On Healey's side are all the
longshoremen amt laborers of the ward, while
Muller has all the emigrant boarding house in
terest at his back, with the German element.
The rival factions swear vengeance against each
other, and will probably have a bloody fight at
the election.
John V. Gridley, republican, has withdrawn
from the assembly nomination, in favor of Col.
Hawkins, reform candidate.
Gen. Shaler has ordered the 7th, 12th, 22d and
71st militia on duty at their armories the whole
of election day.
Much excitement prevailed in Passaic village
Friday. Mayor O’Neill, of Jersey City, it appears
holds village improvement certificates io the
amount of S4OOO or ssooo,and as he was unable to
collect the money when due, he levied upon the
furniture and sale of the village council room,
which was sold at auction by Sheriff Townsend,
of Paterson, for $229, to Henry McDonald, the
republican candidate for the assembly. The
sheriff, it is said, will proceed to sell the private
property of the officers until the required
amount is collected.
The wholesale markets during the past week
have been dull and lower. Flour has been in
active at lower quotations, closing heavy.
Wheat has also been dull and lower, the decline
continuing up to the close. Corn has been fairly
active at variable and lower rates. Pork has
been in fair demand, at low rates. Cotton has
been fairly active at a decline.
The receipts of cotton at all the ports for the
week ending Friday night were 96,708 bales
against 98,989 last week, 82,538 the previous
week, and 64,097 three weeks since; making the
total receipts since Sept. 1, 1871, 459,111 bales,
as against 542,745 for same period last season.
The exports for the week was 35,768 bales, of
which 80,130 were to Great Britain, 2762 to
France and 2876 to the rest of the continent.
The stock on hand was 268,101 bales, or 15,299
more than on the same day last year. There
has been no new feature in the cotton market
the past week; prices have fluctuated from day
to day, improving early in the week and declin
ing again toward the close, showing at the close,
however, an improvement since the previous
9( I?’ grades, The influences
mainly operating have been the variations in
tone and price nt Liverpool ami the daily re
ceipts at our ports. There is considerable timid
ir among holders and operators, growing out of
the fact that last year's crop was so much in ex
cess ol the current estimates. Hence the receipts
are watched with the greatest closeness, and the
prevailing crop estimate is raised or lowered
pretty much in accordance with the varying
daily movement at ports, ami prices fluctuate
accordingly. Spinners continue to take quite
sparingly only to supply immediate wants, as
they still have considerable stock on hand and
are therefore, in a measure, independent of the
market.
Bernard Ricllv, bar-room keeper and politi
cian, was fatally beaten yesterday; no ar
rests.
James S. Colgate was acquitted of the charge
of selling counterfeit money, the evidence indi
cating that the case was put up against hhn by
the secret service agents.
Charles Balthauf died last evening, in Brook
lyn, from a severe beating by unknown par
ties.
It proves that Gustave Kus ter, supposed to be
murdered at Riverdale, really committed sui
cide.
A hand car was smashed by a Hudson River
railroad train, yesterday, near Spuyienduyvcl,
and one man was severely injured; four others
escaped.
The Staten Island ferry boat Westfield has re
received a new boiler.
Over in Brooklyn the political squabble is al
most as exciting as in this city. Mayor Kalb
fleisch, who is running as an independent candi
date, calls the regular democratic party, with
whom he has been identified for some years, a
ring of thieves, and calls on honest men to vote
for him. He will undoubtedly carry all the
German democracy and many of the rank and
file of the democratic party with him, in which
ease the republican candidate, ex-Mayor Booth,
will stand a good chance for defeating the de
mocracy, as he did once before, by from two to
three thousand votes.
Thompson, the boy switch-tender, who caused
the accident on the Newark railroad, in July,
has been sentenced to three months' imprison
ment and SSOO fine.
The driver of a wagon belonging to the New
York and Boston express accidentally ran over
an old man crossing Mercer street yesterday.
Two policemen, without any provocation, pro
ceeded to club the unoffending driver in a shock
ing manner. The man volunteered to go to the
station house peaceably, but this only produced
more blows f rom the official brutes. The driver
is in a dangerous condition.
Terrible Disaster to Whalers.
Caught in the Ice—Thirty-three
Vcnmcln CruNhed or Abandoned The
Story Told by the Sufferers, etc.
San Francisco, Nov. 5.--Steamship Moses
Taylor, arrived from Honolulu and Australia,
reports terrible disaster to the Arctic whaling
fleet caught in the ice. Thirty-three vessels were
crushed or abandoned. The captains of whalers
Arctic, Gay head, Minerva, Eliza Swift, Reindeer,
Eugenia and Pacia, arrived at Honolulu, fur
nished the following details: Vessels commenced
arriving, says Captain Thadeus, on the first of
May. The first of June, the ice opened and let
the fleet up within sight of Cape Navarino. The
fleet, working northwards, found some whales
crossing the sea of Anadyr, and in Behring sea
they were more plenty; but we experienced
much trouble from ice, and when the fleet ar
rived at Cape Behring and Flower bay, the
whales had passed through into the Arctic ocean,
whither the fleet followed, meeting fair success
until about the first of September, when the ice
floes and bergs to a great extent commenced
drifting down; and, by the tenth, a number of
vessels had been sunk and the bulk of the re
mainder were ashore.
On September 2, brig Comet sunk. On the
7th, the Roman was drifted bodily out to sea by
two floes and crushed like an eggshell. The
crew narrowly escaped. The Florida and Vic
toria of Sail Francisco were also crushed. Sep
tember 11, the captains of the fleet, bommed in
between point Belcher and Wainwright inlet,
held a meeting, and resolved to abandon the
vessels, in order lo save the lives of the crews,
which was done, and 1200 sailors took refuge on
board the remainder of the fleet, which had
been fortunate enough to escape outside before
the iee closed in the vessels.
The vessels abandoned are: The Concordia,
Gayhead, George, John Wells, Massachusetts,
J. 1). Thompson, Contest, G. Morgan, (’ham
pion, Henry Tabor, E. Swift, O. Crocker, Navy,
Reindeer* Fanny, George Howland, Pacia, Eu
genia, Kabohi, and T. Dickenson. It is sup
posed the whole number lost will reach thirty
three. The vessels known to be safe, with oil
secured, arc as follows: Arctic, with 480 bbls.;
Progress, 250: Chance, 220 sperm and 280 whale;
Daniel Webster, 250; Lngoda,72s; Europa, 880:
Medos, 450 whale and 140 sperm. AH the aban
doned vessels, it is believed, will lie a total loss,
there being little chance of recovering even the
cargoes in the spring Thecaptain of the Flori
da arrived here by the Moses Taylor. The news
created the greatest excitement at Honolulu and
here.
Nearly six hundred of the wrecked whalers
were Kanakas, and will remain at Honolulu.
Many inure arc left there; many of them are
unprovided for. The loss by the destruction of
the fleet is about a million and a half of dollars.
The catch destroyed foots up 18,065 barrels whale
oil, 905 sperm and 100,000 pounds of bone.
Criminal Record.
THE LOS ANGELES AFFRAY.
San Francisco, Nov. s.—The Chinese com
panies have made arrangements for instituting
suits for damages against the city of Los An
geles, for the murder of their countrymen and
the robbery of their families by the rioters.
A FINANCIAL OPERATOR.
New York, Nov. 5. —The World states, as an
alleged fact, that the American hank note com
pany have printed bonds for rhe state of South
Carolina, amounting to $20,046,000, which pass
ed into the hands of Mr. Kempton, state finan
cial agent; that all the members of the state
government are here, and other gentlemen of
wealth to whom the credit of the state is a vital
question|arc here, watching their proceedings.
It is said that Governor Scott admits that the
bonds were printed, but denies that all were is
sued, though he does not state the real amount
of the issue. No part of the money yet raised
has, it is alleged, been used to take up the other
state bonds.
Kempton, it is asserted, brings claims against
the slate for services and commissions, to the
amount of four millions, and the other officers
have not dared to resist payment thereof,
though much of it was proved to be for renewals
cf credit, which were made time and again, and
which are charged for as new loans. The com
missions are said to have swallowed up more
money than the original loans. It is asserted
positively, however, that Kempton’s operations
have been carried on, not in the capacity of the
financial agent of the state, but on his own per
sonal account, thus involving his own personal
creditors. If this is true, the entire amount can
be repudiated without discredit to the state.
Again, it is charged that all the money the
state has ever received from Kempton for lands
is about twenty-seven per cent of the gross
amount; the remainder was retained as commis
sions. I’he expenses of the last legislature,
some SBOO,OOO, are not yet paid. The World
concludes by stating that its information is from
a source entitling it to the highest credit. The
persons giving it express the confident belief
that a fraudulent issue, amounting to $20,046,-
000, in state bonds, has been negotiated and the
money misapplied, and they were convinced that
if it should prove that the state is involved to
that amount, it is irrevocably insolvent.
Later.— The following card will be published
in the morning:
To the Public: Many false representations
and statements have been made and published
against the credit of South Carolina. It is true
that $20,040,000 in bonds were printed, of which
$9,000,000 were never signed or issued; nor were
they printed with the intention of an increase in
the state debt, but are in possession of the state
authorities; also $3,500,000 in sterling bonds,
printed but not issued, and $2,500,000 registered
s ock are now in the hands of the treasurer, l»e
---ing the balance of $20,040,00U issued. 6 The
legislature, from time to time, passed several
acts for the issue of tiouds, “to pay the indebt
edness of the state;” subsequently it passed an
act for the conversion of its securities. To pro
vide for this, the above amount in bonds was
printed, which has given rise to many ground
less misrepresentations and gross fabrications.
R. K. Scott governor of South Carolina;
Miles G. Parker, treasurer; John B. Dennis,
chairman of the committe ol state accounts*
ANOTHER OFFICIAL RASCAL.
Savannah, Nov. s.—Collector Robb has re
turned and is in charge of the custom house.
A bill has been found in the United States court
against him for embezzlement, and aiding in a
conspiracy to defraud the government, and he
has given bail.
TO BE HUNG.
Coburg, Ontario, Nov. s.—David Barrager
was sentenced to be hung December 14 for mur
dering his wife.
BROTHER BRIGHAM.
Salt Lake City, Nov. 5—A well known
Mormon, writing from Beaver, Oct. 81st, says:
“Brother Brigham arrived this morning, and,
after a rest of five hours, left for Saint George, on
the southern border of the territory. He was
escorted by twelve mounted men of the Nauvoo
legion. lam told he had bade a final adieu to
Salt Lake City.”
Tin: MAIN QUESTION.
The territorial act against adultery was ap
proved March 6, 1852. The revelation of
polygamy is said to have been made Aug. 29,
1852. Ibis overthrows completely the charge
that the United States court here was wrong in
allowing a verdict under that act against polyg
amists, on the ground that the act being passed
by a polygamists’ leeiskuare, ths intuit w nut
to puai.li polygamistd, 1
PRICE 1 CENTS.
Chicago Dispatches.
AatonndiMg Revclntiom*--A Cnndidntc for
Mayor in Trouble The GroMVruot Af
fair, etc.
Chicago, Nov. s.—Astounding revelations
are made of the operations of Aiderman C. C.
P. Holden in the use of the relief funds. As
Holden is president of the city council, and can
didate for mayor on the opposition ticket, addi
tional interest is felt in the matter. Immediate
ly after the fire a relief society was formed of
which Holden was made treasurer. The compo
sition of this society not being satisfactory to
the committees from Cincinnati, Louisville, In
dianapolis, St. Louis and other cities, Mayor
Mason dissolved it and directed that everything
should be turned over to the old relief society—
an institution under control of citizens of in
tegrity. and regularly incorporated. This was
satisfactory to the committees from other cities,
but was not to some of the aldermen, ami they
refused to recognize the new arrangement.
KThis unpleasantness was mentioned in these
dispatches at the time, h now transpires that
Holden, while acting as treasurer, secured at
least $15,000 of the relief funds and considerable
supplies, which he refused to give up when the
requisition was made by the proper authorities.
It is now alleged that this money is used by
Holden to secure his election as mayor, and very
damaging evidence is produced to substantiate
this charge. Among other things, Holden
causal to be sent to the regular committee a
livery stable bill amounting to $2lO. Pavment
has been refusal, and the committee gives no
tice that no carriages have been needed in the
work of relief. To what purpose the benevo
lence of the country might have been put, may
now be seen from this specimen. The public
may rest assured that the work of relief is now
in good hands, and this man will be held to a
strict accountability.
The publication here of a letter from Gover
nor Palmer to Attorney General Bushnell re
questing him to present the facts in regard to
the killing of General Thomas W. Grosvenor to
the grand jury of Cook county, has created a
sensation. Very good authorities denv the
right ol the governor to initiate such prweed
ings unless the United states attorney should
first retuse to present the matter to the grand
jury. But on the other hand Governor Palmer
is recognized as a lawyer of ability, and not
likely to make a mistake. It is chargal by the
friendsof General Sheridan that Gov. Palmer is
unfriendly to him, and has taken this opportu
nity to do him injury. At any rale, Gen. Sheri
dan seems the least disturbed about the matter
of anybody. Governor Palmer, in his letter,
reviews the evidence before the coroner’s jury,
wherein it was shown that Mayor Mason re
quested Lieutenant General Sheridan to pre
serve order in the city; that the latter author
ized Col. F. T. Sherman to raise a regiuient of
militia; that several companies were so organ
ized and acted under the orders issued by Col.
Sherman; and that the young man Treat was
acting under such orders when he shot (jcneral
Grosvenor, and is guiltless of any legal offence.
Governor Palmer says in conclusion:
“No one will pretend that the power to raise,
organize and employ troops, or to call (he organ
ized militia of the states in service appertains to
the office of lieutenant-general of the United
States; nor will it be easy to find defenders fur
the opinion, if it should be expressed, that the
mayor of a city can cither exercise or impart
such a power to another; and I will not with
.you discuss the dangerous and deceptive theory
of necessity or emergency that has been so often
insisted upon, to justify acts of lawless usurpa
tion. It is answer enough that the constitution
of the state has not entrusted to mayors of ci ties,
or to military officers, the delicate duty of de
termining when its forces may be called into ser
vice or its laws be .suspended. If these conclu
sions are correct I think you will perceive that
it is now the duty of the governor and attorney
general and all other officers to see that the laws
areenforced against all parties concerned in these
illegal and dangerous nets.
It is not necessary in determining upon the
line of duty to be adopted, to inquire whether
the mayor of Chicago, Lieut. Gen. Sheridan
and Frank T. Sherman and his associates and
supposed subordinates who were the agents
by which the death of Thomas W. Grosvenor
was produced, in assuming powers they did not
possess, and which cannut he conferral upon
them, were influencal by proper or improper
motives or purposes. They assumed to sus
pend the operation of the constitution and laws
of the state, and substitute in their stead law
and military force to be definal and applied by
themselves. They, by their lawless acts, ai
tacked and insulted the dignity and authority
of the state, and have by their dangerous exam
ple weakened the public confidence in the con
stitution and laws; and in their attempts to en
force usurped and lawless authority they have
sacrificed the life >f a peaceable citizen. Ani
mated by the confidence I have thus expressed,
and confident in the belief that the state, of Il
linois, acting through the proper departments
of its government, is capable of protecting its
own people and of enforcing the dignity and au
thority of its own laws, 1 have to request that
you in conjunction of the state’s attorney of the
seventh circuit will bring all the facts before the
grand jury of Cook county, in order that all
persons concerned in the unlawful killing of
Thomas W. Grosvenor may be speedily brought
to trial.
I have the honor to be, with great respect,*
Jno. M. Palmer.”
Political.
NEW YORK—THE BUFFALO GERMANS.
Buffalo, Nov. s.—l’he German Telegraph has
substituted the name of W.G. Fargo, democrat,
lor L. L. Lewis, republican, as a candidate for
state senator. The Telegraph is the leading Ger
man paper and states a change was made
because Lewis voted for all oi the Tweed bills
last year.
MISSISSIPPI—THE SITUATION.
Jackson, Miss., Nov. s.—The state election
for members of the legislature and county officers
occurs next Tuesday. Great excitement pre
vails in both political parties. It is thought
that the contest will be very close and that the
majority for either party in the legislature will
be small.
An immense democratic meeting, at Meridian,
last night, was addressed by Gen. Frank Blair.
GEORGIA—MESSAGE FROM THE ACTING GOV-
ERNOR.
Atlanta, Nov. 5. —Acting Governor Conley’s
message was read yesterday. He said nothing
about the elections. He hopes there will be no
ground for further reconstruction, promises re
trenchment, and says that he cannot yet tell of
the disposition of the state bonds, but urges an
investigation of the matter. He counsels the
execution of the laws and promises to use the
pardoning power sparingly. He advocates free
education, but opposes mixed schools, and de
sires that the obligations of the state shall be
faithfully met.
MIN N ESI >T A —EXCITE M ENT.
Minneapolis, Nov. 5. —Considerable excite
ment is manifested throughout the state over
the coming election. It is considered certain
that Austin, the republican candidate for gov
ernor, will be re-elected.
Mexican News.
AfTaiiN ui Naltillo—Catlie Mealing, etc*
Matamoras, Nov. s.—Advices from Monterey
to Oct. 25 state that Trevino was still outside of
Saltillo. He had enough men, but not sufficient
arms and artillery, to attack. A state of siege
was maintained in Saltillo by Cerillo, the gov
ernment commander, and people are required to
retire to their houses early.
Martinez, on the other side of Saltillo, has
cut off communication with the interior. Mon
terey papers publish the captured correspond
ence of Cerillo, asking additional artillery. It
is reported that Corona is on the way to take
command of the government forces.
Isadra Trevino, governor elect of Coahuila,
who joined the revolutionary movement of Gen.
Trevino, died from exposure in the camp of the
latter.
(’attic stealing on the Rio Grande is ended.
The thieves have all joined Cortina, who is
preparing to attack Navanjo, near Mier.
Fatal Accidents.
EXPLOSION.
Cincinnati, Nov. 5.—A special dispatch from
Portsmouth says a terrible explosion took place
yesterday morning at the railroad depot. The
mail train going east stood at the depot, and
while the fireman was taking coal the engine
boiler exploded. George Vaulkner, who was
engaged m shoveling coke from the car, was
blown fifty feet in the air, and fell a mangled
corpse, two hundred yards distant. Adam
Schilling, fireman, was instantly killed, the top
of his head having been blown off. Henry Burt,
fireman, and Adam Wamslcr, were injured.
Fragments of the boiler weighing from thirty
to fifty pounds were blown several squares and
fell through the roofs of houses on Second street;
some passed over the wharf boat and dropped in
the river. The front of the toiler was blown
forward and buried in the rear end of the ex
press car. The boiler had just been patched up,
was twenty years old, and considered in bad
condition. The depot was badly wracked. But
few persons hud arrived at the depot before the
explosion, or the loss of life would have been
much greater.
BURIED ALIVE.
Minneapolis, Nov. 5.—A sad accident oc
curred here yesterday. A sand bank caved iu
on two children, completely burying them.
Oue was taken out dead, but the other was ex
tricated before; life was extinct, an J may re
cover.
The trial of those members of the commune
charged with being directly concerned iu the
murder of the Versailist generals, Lecompte and
Thomas, during the first days of the insurrec-
tion, begun Friday. It excites much interest j
nuU id tracts large numbers.
ADVKKTIMINO BATES.
I® Daily Spy— For the “Square* of ten line* sol
agate type, 1 time 75 cte.; each subseqncnt Insertion 54
cte.; 1 week >2.75; 2 weeks |4.00; 1 month SS.OO; 1 year
|M-an<! the game rate proportionally for any number o
■quaree. Two lines for one week >1.00; three line >1.25,
four lines >1.37; flve lines >1.50. Local notices 25 cents
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary not ices, resolutions, Ac., 15 tents per line
Legal advertisementa >I.W per Rquare tor flrßt inaer
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents.
Special positions; in the paper, and special sfylea of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wekkly Spy— First Insertion >I.OO per square
each subsequent insertion »cents; 3 months >7.00; one
year>2s.oo.
Fire Record.
AT NEWARK—LOSS S7(X)O.
r i» E v i AßK ov 5 L»hs by the burning
bl Bathgate s factory, Friday night, was only
S7UOO; insured.
atminekal ri dub—loss $20,000.
inwnnati, Nov. s.—Leavitt’s dry goods
u l6^1 WOB Thursday.
AT ACHJ Vn.i.E, ('AL.,— LOSS IMMENSE.
'’'V.’’’«'‘ v •’‘•—‘The business por-
A'" Y l<) e,,un <y> California, haa
Ot >y lre c cl1 liy the explosion
ol a kerosene lamp.
Mportiua Affairs.
xr x- FLEETWOOD PARK.
New ork, Nov. 5 —At Fleetwood park, ves
ten ay. Henry beat Geonre Palmer, American
(dri, George Wilkes and U H Alien Palmer
taking the third heat; time,2:241,2:241 2 °44
and 2:23}.
The Weather.
Washington, Nov. s.—The area of highest
barometer will probably continue on the lakes
and move eastward into Pennsylvania and New
EngUnid. Easterly winds will continue on the
lakes, veering to the southeast from Michigan
to Lake Superior, and increasing so brisk on
Lake Erie. Northwesterly winds will continue,
on the east Atlantic, veering to northeast and
east. Pleasant weather will continue in the
south Atlantic and gulf states.
Abbreviated Di*«pntrh<*«.
There were two deaths from yellow fever in
Charleston Saturday.
Frederick Douglas was unanimously nominat
ed as republican candidate tor the assembly, at
RiH-hester. N. Y., Saturday evening.
Ihe board ol health ot Philadelphia reports
an average of fourteen deaths a day from small
pox, a slight increase over the previous week.
I he congressional appropriation for removing
the Hcllgate obstructions is exhausted and sev
eral workmen discharged.
Ihe Lumloii Mansion house fund for Chicago
amounts to £46,590. Contributions continue in
the provincial towns and cities.
A revolutionary army in two bodies, under
Cabral and Pemental, will make a coin Lined at
tack on Azua. Baez is still visiting north.
A million dollars worth of wool has been pur
chased at Australia, for direct shipment to New
York ami Boston manufacturers.
A pocket book, the property of the claimant
I’iehbornc baronetcy, has bail found at a place
where he formerly resided. The book contains
important entries in the handwriting of De Cas
tro, ami its possession is being contested by the
agents of the litigants.
The Michigan state relief committee state that
the contribution of clothing is so generous that
the supply is ample, but farming utensils, build
ing materials ami provisions are sadly needed.
Thomas Cole, a c mtractor on the Midland
railroad, shot James Telch, a laborer, becaase
the latter refusal to work Thursday morning.
He died on Friday. Cole fled, but subsequently
gave himself up.
Two hundred colored emigrants from the inte
rior ot the state took passage on the ship Edith
ami Rose for Liberia, from Fortress Monroe, on
Saturday.
Gov. Palmer of Illinois is preparing a message
for the legislature, which meets ou the 15th, in
which the controversy between him and the
I nited States authorities, with all the corre
spondence relative to the occupation of Chicago,
during the lire, will form a conspicuous part.
On the 11th of October, sixty Apache Indians
attacked a ranche on San Simon river, Arizona,
killed one man, wounded another, and burned
the place. Capt. Smith, of the 21st infantry,
writes that the Indians were pursued by the
troops, ami were found to come directly from
the reservation at Cannada, Alameda. There
arc five hundred Indians on the ration rolls at
Camp Grant, and on the last ration day only
fifty answered to their names, the rest being on
the war path.
J r WILL RESTOKE THE COLOR TO
GRAY OR FADED HAIR!
W A. R R EK’S
NOT POISONOUS
Hair Restorer
Secured in United States Patent Office. Sept. 19,1871.
No Skdimknt. clear as Water and as Pcbk. It
coiitalns no Oil, Alcohol or Spirits; consequently it will
not t.uni the Hair or make it dry and wiry. No Nitrate
ot Silver, Sugar of Lead, Lac Sulphur, Ac. It will
RESTORE THE COEOR
to Gray or Faded Hair. It will PREVENT the Hair from
tailing off. It will tend to
MAKE THE HAIR GROW.
MAMFACTVRBD BY
EDWIN A. WARREN,
-Apothecary,
■X BAY STATE HOUSE, WORCESTER.
To whom all orders should be addressed.
o.)0 dtf
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amert
can ana Foreign Patents procnred.Reiected Ap
Hirationn ro-argued: lntert<rcnce Cases Prosecuted:
opinions given mi to (he validity and infringement of
■’Htentsand Aultsnrosecuted and defended Iu the IT Si
Courts, by
THUS, II DODGE
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of Uht
aoard id Appeals. U. H. Patent office.) Counsellor at
aw. and Advocate m Patent Cases. Office, Dodge*
Block, corner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mtn.
•124 d&wtf
QLIVER’S
STOVE STORE,
®BB MAIN STREET 01.11 NO. 310
my 24 dtf
furniture.
OIIA S V PUTNAM
No. 143 Main St.,
has constantly on hand and for tale:
B. Walnut Chamber Sets, with Marbles.
Parlor Suites.
Chestnut Extension Tables
Marble-Top Centre Tables.
Also, a very still assortment of Painted and drained
Furniture—cheap as the cheapest. A great variety of
CH I I*D R EX’S CAK RI AO ES.
and a full stock of Stone China, and Crockery of James
Edwards and other celebrated manufacturers.
Aho, a full assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing
Goods; locks. Jewelry, and other fancy articles.
CHARLES V. PUTNAM.
ml>2B dtf
EN R Y A T BOWM AN j
UPHOLSTERER.
PARLOR SUITES
ol all styles, and all kinds of Upholstery Work made to
order.
Repairing done at short notice.
Qr’Uarpets cut, made and put down.
SPONGE! SPONGE! SPONGE!
Cheaper and more durable than Hair or Feathers, for
Mattrasses, Pillows or Cushions.
H. A. HOWMAN.
1G Foster St Opp. Boston Depot.
oS dtf
BKOWN,
FRACTICAL
UPHOLSTERER,
Central Main St.
A P. AMES, Residence, No. 35 North
s ldand street. Carpets made, cleaned, put down,
and linings turnished. Homes cleaned, windows washed,
furniture polished, offices and furnace tires cared tor.
families assisted in moving. Ac.
Oue Price Only. Terms Strictly Cash.
Mate—No. 1 Post Office. Hours. 7a.m .12 m.. and 6p.
M. MRS. A. P. AMES, Gentlemen's laundry work done.
I erms as above. dtf s!2
jpOMMON WEALTH OF~MASSACHU-
SE I’TS Worcester, ss. Probate Court—To the
Heirs at Law, Next of Kin, and all other persons interest'
cd in the Estate of M ARY W. KING, late of Sutton,
in said county, married woman, deceased. Greeting:
Upon the petition of Horace Inland, you are
hereby cited to appear at a Probate Court, to be held at
Worcester, in said County, on the first Tuesday of
November next, at nine o’clock in the forenoon, to
show cause, if any you have, why an instrument purport
ing to be the last will and testament of said deceased,
should not be approved.
And the said petitioner Is ordered to serve thia citation,
by publishing the same once a week, three weeks suc
cessively, In the Worcester Daily Spy, a newspaper
printed at Worcester, the last publication to be mm day,
at least, before said Court, and to send, or cause to be
sent, a writtenor printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, |>ostage paid, to each the heirs, devisees, or
legatee's of said estate, or their legal representatives,
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, before said
Court.
Witness, Henky Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this twenty first day of October, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one.
crfAS. E. STEVENS, Register.
oil JS»M
DUTTON AUSTIN have KEMOVED
to the new and spacioua Store, corner ot Laurel and
Hanover sts., where can be found the best line of Gro*
eries an I Provialoua Thankful for past favora, by fair
dealing we hope tq attract additional trade.
om au du w a
1 d£w3m 146 «14? federal St*> Beau*