I/OVF'T RMMRH,
"Toll the reason r—No*. trwrt 1—
Potent m the cause n uif lie.
Auk me not .for well I watt
Lore Mid logic ill agreti
Lore hie reasons, aft hi* otm,
Were be willing to routes*
Bnt be feari to make tbsm known,
Haying, shrewdly, "Let-Baa goose 5*
Well be knows, though b* Hie deem
All hia reasons fopd am Strong;
Something other oitv mutumii
To the uniupaamobedflWifkir.
Nat, the god la counted bh
Lest, perhap*. the gift of ■ght
Rather oall might ch nee lo mid
All his fhney psfnt* so bright.
Ho, my charmer, prttfcre, take
Whit of bliss the g*d may luring
Nor aspire—for Ougnlbsake—
To be srwar than the King I
Will it lengthen Lore'* cares*,
All hia natdre to explore
Give the heart a pain the tore
Or the lips kiss ths more
Thankful for the hlseaing lent,
(What be pond is worth a sigh
Let n lore,- and ha content.
Care lees of the how and why
Like the ntaid, who in her room
Rears a f*Sr and fragrant roae,
flippy in its breath and Noom.
Though its name is all she knows.
AX tike him who sagely pries
Tdl ite petals off snSA;
Growing, donhUeas, very wise,
Bnt alaa! the roec is Oesil!
By G. Awe,
~AI -UJUN.N IJ.
Farm, Warden and Household.
NANTOCXBTCORN CAMS.— To one pint
of boiling milk, stir in one coffee cup of
white Indian meal; when cool add three
eggs, beaten separately, a little salt I
bake in small tins.
Harness RUCK INO. —Three ounce* of
beessrsx, four onnce* ivory black, one
pint neatafcot oil, two ounces Castile
soap, two ouneea lard, one tftiuce aloes;
to be boilod together, and pod red into
a hollow vessel.
KEEPING HOXXT—TO keep hone* all
the rear round, let it inn through a*Hue
autre to separate it from particbv of wax,
then boil it gently in an earthnrn vmsel,
skim off the foam which gathers on top.
and cool it in jir*. After coverlhg these
tightly, set them away in a cool cellar.
CRACKS nt PLASTERING. —In aomeeeses
the plasterer has need too Httle real plas
ter and too much lime. Pure plaster of
Paris will never crack bnt as ft sets too
quick for the convenience of the operator
a little lime is mixed with it. If you try
to plaster with pare lime stone, it will
track all over in drying, and come off in
patches and this will show yon the ne
cessity of always using as little lime as
possible, either in the sand use<l for
bricklaying, or in the plaster used for
coating the walls.
WATERING PLANTS. —Let it he remem
bered that nearly all plants thrive Uwt
in mot*, not in wet soil. We think
that most house plants ere tret too much.
Never pour water in the sincere, bnt
into the pots, and then never until the
surface is dry. The saucers may be
used for neatness, but not for holding
water. Rain water is the best hard
well water tlio worst. The morning
the best rime to apply the water. Ahravs
use a fine sprinkler.
WASHING FLUTD— Fi*r pounds of ml
soda; one ponml of borax T oue-half
poand of nuskeked hme, mnst be fresh
four ounces of liquid ammonia. Pour
one gallon of boiling water upon the
soda and borax, when it is dissolved and
has cooled, mid the ammonia and salts
of tarter. Slack the lime in one gallen
•f hot water, and let it stand till entire.lv
settled when the clear fluid must be
carefully poured of. Tarn it npon the
solution of soda and borax, aDd add to
the mixture eight gallon* of cold water.
Bnt the clothes to soak the night before
washing day, with six tablespoonsfn! of
this fluid to a tab full of clothes.
PREPARING Fowls FOB EXHIBITION.
An allowance of hemp-seed and back
wheat for a fortnight, is recommended
by fanciers, to produce a gloss npon the
plumage of birds designed for the show
room. But a Hue luster of the feather*
depends more npon the general health
than npon anything else. Liberty and
a range where there are bnt a few "fowl*,
and a diet embracing cooked vegetables
and meat and a variety of odds and ends
from the table, in addition to the insects
and herbage they gather for themselves,
are indispensable from the lime of hatch
ing until the show, if it is desired to
have the plumage exhibit a nice bloom.
—ReanrtX and Hume.
PREPARATION or CARMINE PTRPLE
The dye recently invented, and known as
carmine- purple, is obtained by the solu
tion *f uric arid in nitric arid" care being
taken to prevent boiling over and too
great an increase of temperature. The
mixture should remain stsnuiug quietly
for some day*, after which a thick, pasty
or doughy substance is obtained, which
is to be treated with warm water, tillered,
and the residum again treated with warn;
water. The filtered liquid possesses a
reddish or yellowish color, deoomposed f
by the nitrio acid. Tliis liquid in now a
mixture of alloxan, alloxan tin, area,
paraban acid, dialnramrd. and ether pro- j
ducts of uric arid. It is next to be
evaporated in a large enameled iron ves
sel, bnt not heated to the boiling point,.
which would destroy the mnruxide pro-1
duced- After the liquid has been evapo
rated to a airupj consistency, and has
assumed a beautiful brownish-rod or
violet color, it is to be allowed to cool.
The entire quantity of the liqnid should i
never be evaporated at on* tiuia, nor<
heated to the boiling point 3
LEAST Soils.—Are any soils leaky, in
the sense in which the word is generally
understood We do not believe it.
The writer owns and works a farm that
wxi said ta.be leaky, had no bottom, i
would not hold any manure, and all that
Not thus uaderetunding the nature of an
arable soil, though it might happen to
be underlaid with gravel, we had no fear
of our leaky (arm not responding to a
proper feeding with manure and growing
fat on it. We have suffered no disap
pointmmt in our case, and do not doubt
that others similarly situated will equal! v
escape disappointment. A leaky farm
is one that has the advantage of bring
naturally drained for it will not hold
water, bnt everything held in suspension
and almost everything held in solution
by that water mil be given np to the,
soil as it passes through il Pure sand
will filter and render clear the fonltwt
water, and agricultural clay prill absorb
bad odors and decompose chemical solu
tions. Then a mixture of clay end sand
must absorb Hie solnble parte ofiurantire,
and prevent the finely dirtM phrtides
from past ting through it to the stffmoil.
As least sacli is oar belief,t and our ex-j
perience oonflnas ik We have no fear
of leaky aoiL We know mauy farmer,
who prefer a soil that has the character
i sties of those that are called leaky ton
heavy clay tlmt is beyond suspicion in
this respect. Ease of 'working, a quick
recovery from a state of vet, warmth,
and generally carliness, one valuable
qualities of a Xiirra, and all these pertain
to soils thai arc 'called leaky.
AH UNOOKFOBTABLB FSUSCB. On*
Allison Weaver had a nanow eaoapte!
from being roasted alive during the flrtoi
in the north woods of Michigan, If
was employed in AgStte-miO, and
finding that the fire %HH coming that
way, he determined te?PI.V and see
thing through. So he <1 ng him-.Jf a
well, filled it with totter pad covered it
with four-inch planking, having saturat
ed the ground around with water. As
he said "He kalkerlatcd it would be
tech and go, but it was the best he could 1
do." VV ben the fire reacheditiu- mill he
jumped into his well and drew the planks
together over his bead. The amoks
poured down upon him and hia den was I'
so hot that he could brolly breathe I
the planks above him cauggt lire, hut 1
he put them ont by dashing water on 1
them with his hands the water in which
lie was standing became uncomfortably
warm, but he could not help himself,
and busied htoaself by making oLserva- 1
tions as to the progress of the fire. Af-
ter it had parsed by he was obliged to
wait two davs for the groundito cool,
before he co'uld pick his Way to the near-
est village in order to get something to j
eat I
A coxcomb having told a lady that he
knew her thoughts by her eyes, "Do
you aaid aho i. dMpwyikMW
will keep them secret, for they are not
to your edvantage."
The Itewnfall of Rnbjten.
Of the various wonder* of Babylon, the
product of the labor* of ite engiueere or
architects, we have no leisure to *|>eak,
yet the chief pride of the impulsive pop
illation was ite impregnable* walls. Nature
had left Hie city easy of access on every
side the ingenuity of man had covered
it with fortifies tions. The Babylonian*
mocked at the futile efforts of their foes.
A dtvp moat surrounded the city, Wall*
more than three huudred feet high cov
ered each of the side*. They were
seventy-fire feet wide, formed of un
bnraeo brick house* were built on the
spneioiis ton: yet between them ran n
street so wide that a chariot of foil!
horses might drive or turn UJHU it at
will., An inner wall of not inferior
strength provided a new defense. Mas
aivo gate.* of 1 ronxe MVIIONI every open
inf. The-city was more impregnable t
ancient tactics than the finest work ol
Vanban to hi* contemporisa— than tin
redoubte of Paris to modern canuon
Twice only was Baby lon taken once bj
surprise, imd once by treachery. Noi
w*a any ancient engineer ever able t<
dry its enormous diteli, ti sap its gigan
tie walls, taller tliau most Enrojieiu
spires, to crush iu ite solid gates, w
j }H-n-trate it* exterior defenses Tin
might a fortress ruled f>r i-eufnritvi ovei
i Hie plains of the Euphrates and tin
Tigris the fame of ite strength
the world it was celebrated in the an
nals of and the chronicle* of tin
Middle Age* aud in tlie fanciful dayso
I ohivwh-y and of barbarism every itiglitb
f castle seeuis to have tweu modeled u|*x
tho plan of the Assyrian stronghold, sue
IHV*-,SS-HI on an irsigmfteant scale iti
ditch, i|a double wall*, its interior keep
f oral ite protecting tower*.
let. compared with the enormoui
stomswork iff Egypt or the Cyclojwai
's fortress of Myoenai, Babylon .vwm* k
have be*'u fragile It wo* t
mass of sun-dried bricks. Clay bourn
together by chopped straw and osphal
1 turn, was almost Ute sole material employ
i edbv ite architeete. Palace* and temple*
t iti loftr houses and ite towering walls
were all composed of emmbling earth
and whyu at length decor settled npoi
e the mighty capital, ami ite deserte*
buikliag* were aWndon-sl to the ravsgei
■of time, it mcltisl away like a lsi*elc*
vision, and fadetl into a heap of dust
f Except a hill of broken bricks, no trad
t remains of the tower of Belua. Tin
r tiuph rate* ha* brokeu ita neglected em
r 1 bamtiueute, and converted the site o
j Babylon into a desolate marsh. Will
j leasts make their ilcns in the crevices o
_ ths pile of ruin*. Bats and owls diug ti
r l the arid caverns. The fair plains o
r i Babylonia, on<v clad in boundless h*r
r vests of Meso}M)tamian wheat, rich will
endless groves of palpi, arb sown aJom
with brambles. The canals, the broa<
higlitvays, and the spacious iuns an
gtrae. The gifttnl .Semitic race, whi
1 wrought the flowered muslin*, and cn
tla< pwcioas gems of Babylon, are mm
gWI with the dust. All is solitude. Tin
e scornful Euphrates sweeps at will ovei
f the fluid* it was once condemned to fer
tilfze. and mocb at the faded glories o:
j Cyni* or Baminunia. of Darin* and Alex
s iusler, so low has Babylon fallen
"1 Ite renown was altogether material: m
poets, historians, musician*, artists
1 nannug up amidst it* crowded throng*,
f .mingle Burns or a Babylonian Piuibn
mi.-ht have saveil it from contempt; ami
r hat for the pen of a cultivated Greek it
j afiglitr towers and its gigantic wall
1 wbnld have risen and sank undistinguish
S ed upon the Assyrian plain but for tin
i cry of Hebrew prophecy the name ol
Baby lon wonld never have become th<
f ijmliol of civic corruption, or ite fat<
l the lesson of all ages.

Anecdote of Exekiel Web*ter.
f In these hitter days when the office o
j the Surrogate is the theatre of ao mncl
nnseeralv wrangle over the wills of testa
tors that meu who have property to leavi
I may sometimes desjunr of their wishes
b< ing consummated, an anecdote of Eze
kiel Webster, brother of the godlike,'
laav be aptiv it noted
j When in hill practice he wasemphiyec
I to defend the will of Roger Perk in*, ol
Hopkinton. The physicians made affi
that the testator was struck witi
death when he rigned hia will. Mr
s Webster subjected hi* testimony to t
most thorough examination, showing.
1■ by quoting medical authorities, thai
doctors diagree as to the precise momenl
when a dying man is struck with death
I tome affirming that it is at the com
mencement of the fatal disease, others ul
ite climax, and others still affirming thai
we begin to die a* soon as we are liorn.
r "I should like to know," said Mr.
Sullivan, the opposing counsel, u wbal
doctor maintain* that theory
"Br. Watte," said Mr. Wehster, with
i great gravity
The moment wt- begin to live,
Re all begin to die."
The reply convulsed the Court and au
dience with laughter.
T
A Wonderful B*lsam.
A manufacturer and vender of quack
medicine* for rlietunuth-m and the
growth of hair combined, recently wrote
to a friend for a recommendation of his
Itbe manufacturer'*.' "balsam." In a
few days he received the following, which
we roll pretty strong:
Dmr Sir:— The uind-composing this
farm his hitherto been so poor that a
Chinaman could not get a living off it,
and a<> stony that we had to dice onr
potatoes, arid plant them edgeways but,
hearing of your balsam, I put some on
i the corner of a ten-acre field surrouuded
by a rail fence, and in the morning I
found the stonro had entirely disappear
ed, and a neat wall encircled the field
.the rails were split up into firewood,
anil piled up symmetrically in my back
yard. I pnt half an ounce in the mid
dle of a hnckleWrry swamp; two days
saw it clear ofi, planted with corn and
pumpkins, aud a row of peach trees in
fall blowom through the middlh. As an
evidence of its tremendous strength, I
wouM ray that It drew a strikiug likeness
of my eldest son out of a mill-pond,
drew a blister all over hi* stomach, drew
a load of potatoes four miles to market,
drew greaso ont of a flint, and eventu
ally drew a prize of ninety-seveu dollars
out of a defunct lottery."
4
SUCCESS IS CxirronxiA. —CoL Hollis
ter, a former citizen of Licking County,
Ohio, emigrated to California shortly
after itq Requisition to th* United Htate*.
He bftgkn hi a small way near Lot An
geloe, raising sheep and cattle. Hi*
present posaeMakms are immense. He
has an almond grove covering seven
hundred acre*, and over sixty thousand
almond trees yielding fruit. He ha*
Cnted, and is euceoavfully growing, one
idled thousand orange, leuiou aud
olirn trees, had at one time over one
hundred and fifty thousand head of sheep
and cattle; ovnn about one hundred
1 thousand acres of load divided into three
4 ranches. He has recently purchased in
Japau twenty-six bushels of Japan tea
seed, and sent over for and obtained two
|U>r three Japanese to cultivate it and
Aspects to meet with great success in
fthis new experiment.
WILL PARENT* TAKE HEED.— On all
hands complaint* are made of the in
croasing ill health of our school children.
New who is to take the matter in band
Who is to say there shall be absolutely
no Lesson* learned out of school, unless
the present duration of school hours
shall be shortened It needs, we think,
j only that the parents shall themselves
insist upon this to effect it. Why wait
j till brain-fever has set in Why wait
till little spines ore irretrievably crooked
And of wnat mortal use is it to keep on
pouring anything into a vessel when it is
incapable of holding any more, and is
only wasted upon the ground
FANNY FERN.
HAZING. —The treatment of the Am
herat Freshmen at their late initiation
reminds one of old hazing customs.
Some of the innocents were blindfolded,
their arms bound with ropes, and then
inarched over town through ditches and
by-ways on a wet, muddy night, in a
manner that must have inspired anything
but love and submission in the victims.
IRON ORE is found in most of the
i counties of Virginia and West Virginia,
And has been mined to profit in at least
I twenty of them.
Latent Fashion Mete*.
A haudooms fabric, which will be very
popular for underskirtv is of aatin and
velvet in alternate sti-qxi* of different
iNilor*. a* blue satin, witli black velvet,
or preen, lilac, crimson, and corn -colored
sot min eontraat with the velvet. This
material, out on the bias, i* the demand
for trimming silk or |M>pliit suits, which
j it does very effectively.
Empress cloth, iu all ahadea and qual
itv. velours, poplin, serge, suite <fc ekiasa,
alpaca. mid the incomparable Cashmere,
j enjoy a high degree of fa\or.
Poplins are to lie had from fi'J centa to
$2,50. Empress and velours varv from
7ft eents to sl.iW serge from tii cants
to Sl.'ift and |s>plin aljwca* are a* low
aa AO cent* js>r yard.
Velveteen jHlotiai.*a*, trimmed with
pipings of silk or satin, make a very
handsome and comfortable promenade
suit,
Cloa>-fittiug aavNpic*. slasht*! at the
Aide*, of tine beaver cloth, trimmed with
black gros-graiu pipings and fringe, are
offered at fil.
One of heavy beaver suited to the cold
est weather, trimmed litll velvet, baud
aomely embroideml with silk braid, is a
very desirable garment for fl'Jft.
Lubes' cloth is much used for deuii
season, and is made ui in saet.nes and
mantels. This material i* iistiiuly trim
med with braid or sith pipings of silk,
finished with lactA
V stylish man pi is mantle of Imlies'
cloth, handsomely embroidered iu white,
with black and white friuge, attraeted
our attention. Frice g!8.
A wster pr\H)f polotioiae, stitched with
white iu a very pretty pattern, made
quite a novel garment, l'rice SlO.
Sailor hats of felt and tarpaulin will
be the mvde for children aud mines
Tbese vary iu price from MV. to
Kcathera, velvet, and gros-grain ore
the trimmings must selrotinl for round
hats, while lace, flowers, and long
ostrich plumes are the favorite garnitures
of tsiuuets.
A most serrioeable nud stylish lniot for
the promenade is a double-soled button
Itoot of aU>nt eleven buttons, with band
some Russian leather foxing, ealf kid
tops, aud s-ollopetl and stitehevl with
plain black. Price Sl't
A very heavy walkiug 1HHI for mid
winter lias fourteen buttons, aud a very
thick double sole. Price Sl'i-
A siqtcrb suit of rieh. black silk bad a
plaited flounce, hub.d by plain point.*,
headisl with )taMs**meuteric, and finished
with rich friuge.
A handsome garment in velvet consist
ed of a sleeveless sacqne, with a circular
.-npe o|H'n Im>Ul in front and in the laek,
and trimmtyl all around with a leaf |suise
menterie, and beautiful guipure he-.
A blue velvet bonnet and brim of alter
nate folds of velvet and tea-colored silk,
a soft plaited crown. In frout cm top of
the crown was a plume, a most exquisite
blush rose-bud and leave*, and a bine
bow and ends of pros grain. Inside
Hriiuming* of white tulle.
Something entirely novel was a bonnet
of drab silk, with a plaiting of silk
around the crown, finish ed with orua
incut* of steel.—.Veer York
A Story of lndutry.
The French pa peri hare a story about
the beginning of M. linen's career which
is a pendant to that of the first intro
duction of the great bunker, Lnffittc, to
the tide that led on to ftrtunc. Youug
Ijitfitte being rebuffed by a hanker to
whozu he applied for employment, ami
turning sadly awav, spied a pin on the
floor, and stooped to pick it up on
which the haukcr called him tack, made
hint a clerk, and finally a partner, and
so made his fortune. The Thiers story
is that aoou after he eanie to l*aris to
seek his fortune M. Coete, the editor of
the Temps, and M. llellet, one of his
chief collaborators, noticed a light al
ways bunting in the attic of a house
they had to pass about '2 an, as they
left the office to go home. This excited
their euriositv so strongly that one night
they knocked at the door and asked the
porter who it was that lived an ris
quirme. He said it was an industrious
young man, working hard to fit hitniwvf
for a journalist. Upon this they mount
ed to the garret, and |>rseuting them
selves to the youth, like Providence in
human sha]>e and. a brief conversation
satisfying them of his eomjHdency, the
editor gave him immediately a place on
the staff of the paper, which was the first
round of "young ambition'a ladder,"
which has conducted him to the highest
places of fame and power. We tell this
story, as the French jsipars say in audi
cases, arte tout's Us reserrer. by no means
guaranteeing its authenticity. There is
no inherent improbability about it;
and, at any rate, it is a good story.
Ugliness of Mormon Women.
A late writer says Nothing impressed
us more in Salt Lake city than the home
line** of the women. It may be tmgal
lant to mention it; bnt, a* every one
that goes there thinks it, here goes Hie
statement of the fact. Now, liomeliueas
of feature is not a disadvantage. There
is a handsome ugliness and a piuns
homeliness; but with these Mormon
women it is a vicious, outrageous un
comehne**, indicative of moral disfigure
ment. The Tabernacle was alive with
them. They made us shudder. It is
assault and lwttery" to have them look
at yon. What Brigham or any other
man wonld want of seventeen such crea
ture* I cannot imagine. One of them, I
should think, wonld be a great horror.
Snch dislocation* of nose*, and misplare
menta of month and ruin* of eyebrows,
are not gathered together in any other
place on this continent. There must lie
a good uiany witches among them. We
would not have been inneh surprised to
see thein riding home on n broomstick.
The only excuse that we ran see for poly
gamy is that it would take at least fifty
such women to make one wife.
RULER FOR THE JOCRNET or LIFE. —The
following rules, from the |>apera of Dr.
West, were, according to his memoran
dum, thrown together a* general way
mnrk* iu the journey of life Never to
ridicnle micred things, or what others
may esteem as sncb, however nbsurb they
tnny ap|iear to lie. Never to show levity
when the people are professedly engaged
in worship. Never to resent a'supptmed
injury till I know the views and motives
of the author of it nor seek occasion to
retaliate. Never to judge a jierson'a
character by external appearance. Al
ways to take the part of an absent person
who is censured in compnny, so far as
truth and propriety will allow. Nevi*
to think the worse of another on account
of his differing from me in political or
religions opinions. Never to dispute if
I con fairly avoid it.
COULDN'T TRUST HIMSELF.— The ,SV>M
Tim'* reports that a native of Fribourg
presented himself a few days ago at the
window of the Post Office at Lusonnc,
and aiikcd for an order of 100 fraucs.
The clerk pnt the following usual ques
tions to him;—" Who is the sender?"
"Jacqnes Mathieu." "What is the
name of the payee Jacques Math
ieu, post rr'sUmtt at Estuvayer." "Is
he your brother No, it is myself."
"Do you mean to say that you are
sending a Post Office order to youraelt
at Estcrvayer?" "Yew, I am going
there." "But why can't yon take it
yourself" "Ah, there it is, said the
simple fellow; Yon see I know myself,
and if I were to take the money with me
the probability is that it wonld never
reach Estervnyer, while by sending it
through the Post Office I shall be sure
to find it on my arrival, where I shall
need it."
HARD AT WOBK. —The work of clearing
away the rains,-and rebuilding Chicago,
proves an imjiortant means of relief to
mechanics and laborers who find plenty
of employment at good wages. The av
erage wages for laborers in the rains
are 81.75 per day, for teams, 84.50 for
carpenters, 03 to 83.50, and bricklayers
S3 to 53.25. Members of the Chicago
Bricklayer's Union demanded increased
wages, and many of the members struck,
the contractors refusing to yield to
strikers, as there are a large number
of bricklayers from other places, willing
and anxious to uork at present wages.
The price of bricks has risen from $6.50
to sl2 and sls, but the supply seems
abundant, and prices will recede.
The Kciiuite ('an** of thr Western Fire#.
Chicago ha* burned down, nnl whole
square milini of western land are burnt
up. That misguided cow and unhappy
!inp have bseu Iterated enough. If the
Imm hud lieen dump with room! rains
perhujv# the fire bud gone no further.
Cerium in it thut if the rooftop* hud not
IMH-U Imkcd drr by u summer drought
Chicago would not liuve mourned her
lout childrou uud ruined hotucs.
Hud not those Wiueonuiu flhls been
a* italic* iu the dry wind, hud pleutiful
iniuu drenched tin- Miehignu wood*, the
<Muntry would huve Wen happier ti>-
day. Everything there a dry
tinder HAV ull the |ut|er*.
Now whose fuiilt wn# it People with
more piety tliun wisdom uiuy #ay iu a
horrified way What u question lXi
vou arraign net* of Providence f No.
then hut been blame uoniewhere. We
ire not inclined to ahift it upon Heaven,
Men, cot Providenoe, brought thi* eal
amity upon us. It iu we who have ere*
ted tli4e dry summer*. Hud there been
no drought there had been uo uuch wide
ruin.
The time wau when uueh long-contin
ued dry #eaoua were not known. Men
uiui and do change the character of cli
mate*. We ean enuue the ruin to fall or
drive away the cloud*. Men have alter
ed the tcmpciature ami moved the dew
point. The farmer* of the northern
states are iu a measure responsible for
the series of dry uumiueru tliat huve pre
vailed for the lout tan year*.
Meteorology i* Imgitilling to take a
high position. We have map|>ed the
wind* an I eau signal the conaug atorm
to the aailor and farmer. The laws of
the weather are no longer a matter of
guess- work. Cause and effect are sure
iu the flotilla us ou the ground. Ob
er\ iug the efhvt we eau trace the cause,
j Given this aeries by dry summer*, science
i points to the canae—our denuded forest*.
In our fooliuh American haste we have
wuateftilly cut down the tree*, dried np
the springs, raised the tempi-ruture, so
that precipitation of moisture is reduced,
i and have driveu the rain away in uschwa
clouds or invisible vapor over the At
lantic. Chicago is bunied down and we
are solemnly saying, How henry is the
hand of Heaven upon us." We have
prayed for rain one day of the wet k, and
driven it away with an axe on six.
The mischief is done, and the best
thing we eau now do is to examine the
mutter with a view to future prevention.
How shall we bring hack the raiu How
restore our forests Simply by plaiitiug
our woods anew.
This is not a uew or untried idea.
Artificial woods are no longer a novelty
iu Europe. There this whole mutter is
well understood. Iu parts of the Con
tinent forester* are appointed by got
eminent. It is their duty to iusjieet all
standing forest*. Sehoo!* of arbori
culture am established. The habit* of
the trees are considered, tlm toil exatu
ined, and tree planting carried on over
j h uud rial* of square mile*. For every
tree cut down one or more new ones
must bo set. Nurseri.-s, producing mil
lions of young tree*, do a thriving busi
ne iu supplying thi* material. Undr
the advice of the forv#ter* the new forest*
extend year by year. On the rocky hills
of Scotland the oak. maple and chestnut
are planted the willow is set out by the
million on the marsh-like polders'' of
Holland; at tout Utrecht, and ou the
sandy plains of Zelderlaud, near Arn
heim. the traveller passes artificial pine
forests by the hour.
Iu view of these we-dem fires it is
high time we prepared to imitate our
transatlantic friends. At once tile greet
est of such an undertaking come* up.
Now we thiuk it can In* shown that the
thing will pay to do it If there ia
money iu it it will get itself doue fast
enough.
The land used for such forests is gen
erally fit for nothing else. We have
millions of acre* that are barren waste*
—an eynsore and tax ou the owners. By
examining the most flourishing trees
grow ing in similar soil in the neighbor
hood we can decide what to plant By
sowing the seed or haying young tresis
x year old we can *oon start a forest that
in twenty years will bring a cash return
tliat will cover the cost of planting, in
terest and taxes, and leave a margin of
profit besides.
To come down to detail*, let me pres
ent uu estimate prepared for a gentle
man who hail a hundred acres of nearly
valueless land in eastern Massachusetts.
It wa* a continual tax-bill and brought
uo return whatever. The land was
valued at fifty dollar* an acre. The in
terest (or twenty year# would be st,o<*o
the taxes, $5,000. If he had nothing no
the laud he would lie $6,000 out of
pocket at the end of tliat time. There
was a fence round the whole lot that it
j wu* estimate#! it would cost twenty dol
lars a rear to maintain. Each sere
would hold 50(1 trees or 50,000 in all.
The trees could be Ixmght for §1,500
The planting would coat about SOOO.
The tree* at the present price of poat*
nud sleepers would lie worth si least
wreatv-aft cent* each. To sum tip
Interna W.OOO
Taxis. .1,(100
Fencing too
(iTcrsight. at 50 por year 1,000
Fifty thousand trues 1,400
Planting fio
114.500
Fifty thouamt tree* at 75 els 37.500
Fire j>er cent, loss. 7.300
130.3011
Cost 14,500
15,700
The care would tic slight, a* then* in
no culture of any kiud. Certainly this
would lie a nice little piece of "prn{M*rty
to leave to the children, or st them np
;iu life with. Were the trees cut down,
the place eottld be replanted. With bet
ter kind* of trees, and more time, a
greater price could lie obtained. The
tiees to 1m- used were maple and chest-
nut*. The Scotch sro noted for mind
j iug the niiekle" that brings the j
i"nniek|e," and the Zeiderlandcrs sre
j the closest-fisted jwople in Europe.
Thut tliey plant trees in comities* thou
sand* prove* tliey have an eye on the
above cheerful pennies.
CHARLES BARNARD.
!'rorlnitiation by the President.
By thr Prrtidrnl of the United Shiln
A PROCLAMATION.
The nroces* of the season* lis* again
emit ilea the husbandman to gamer the
fruit* of successful toil. Industry has
lieoxi generally well rewarded. IS e am
at peace with all nations, aud tranquility,
with few exceptions, prevail* at home.
Within the past year we hnve in the
main been free from ill* which elsewhere
hnve affected onr kind. If *omc of tis
have had calamities, there would be an
occasion for sympathy with the sufferers;
of resignation on tlieir part to the will
of the Most High, and of rejoicing to
the many who have been more favored.
I therefore recommend that on Thurs
day, the 30th day of Novrmlier next, tbe
people meet in their respective place* of
worship, snd tlieTc make the usual ac
knowledgment* to Almighty God for
the blessing* he hn* conferred upon
tliem, for their merciful exemption from
SVUH, and invoke Hi* protection and
kindne** for tlieir lc** fortunate breth
ren, whom, in Hi* wisdom, be ha*
deemed it liest to chastine. In faith
whereof, I have hereto set my hand and
mused the *eal of the United .States to
lie affixed. Done at tbe City of Wash
ington, this 20th day of October, in the
year of onr Lord, 1871, and of the inde
pendence of the United+ilates the nine-
ty-sixth. U. 8. GRANT.
By the President.
HAHIXTOW Fran, Secretary of State.
THREE Co-operative club stores have
j lieen successfully started in Danvers,
Mass. The articles sold are groceries
and provisions. Each family, upon join
ing the club, is required to pay in 810.
Pork sold elsewhere at 14 cents a pound
retail, the families obtain at ten cents
and tea, costing elsewhere SI 25 per lb.,
is sold for 00 cents. The stores in the
town have put down their prices to as
near wholesale as possible, in order to
break np the club stores, but unsuccess
fully.
Colorado is first in the field with a
narrow gauge railway. A road of three
foot gauge, seventy-six miles in length,
has just beeu completed, and is now open
for travel and freight.
The Mormon Trials.
Affairs in Utah have taken a new luru, I
and one that will no doubt lie the means
of revolutionising the institution* of that
territory. In the case of the Mormon j
Hawkins, a saint, who was tried. Mis.
Hawkins, the defendant's first wife, te#-
tiflod that Hawkins gave no rewMm for
taking oilier women for wives except that
idle luid had her duy, and it was pro|ier
he should have some one else, She said
she I lad home him seven clildren at the
tiuie he took another wife. Tho defence
offered uo testimony, except to prove the
marriage of Hnwkins with (lis around uud
third wive*. General Maxwell spoke for
the prosecution, and na*iiming that the
defence would rest upon plural tuurriage
as'ls'iug part of a religious faith, argued
that polvgunty wan a direct violation of
Itolli the ecclesiastical and common law.
Fitch roucludod at a late hour for the
defence. He contended that Hawkins,
Udug a Mormon, had no intention of
t c luinittiiig a crime, aud tliat intention
wu* essential to conviction that Ihnr
W.M NO Humans v., lit]
/.nay trhrH hr And' hit tecuml \r\fr; and
he could not lie guilty of adultery, lie
cause he wo* legally inorried to the wo
man aeeording to the usages iiiitl cus
toms of the Mormon Church.
The jury in the ease canto ill with a
seahtl verdict, which, ou Wing opened,
I was found to be "guilty." The court
1 room wa* ffritwded, ami the announce
ment created much excitement. The
cxiuiiacl for the |ieople moved tliat the
defendant lie tak<-n into custody, which
motUm wa* stoutly n'*i*t*l hy tlie de
ilefcmlaiit'* attorney. The
however, were firm in their demand
thut the eitMi should take the ordinurv
eomwe, and the Uuited State# Muinhall
wa* accordingly directed t<i bold Huw
kiu* a* a prisoner Time wa* allowed
to prepare a motion for a uew trial and
arrest of juilguu-nt. The penalty pre
j m-rilMil by the Utah statute for the crime
of adultery i* imprisonment for not over
twenty year* aud not less than three
years, or u fine of not over SI,OOO, or
both fine am! imprisonment, at tlie dis
cretion of the court This is a test rase,
and virtually place* all |*olygnmi*tM at
the uierey of the first wife, w ho, under
the act, i* the only party who eau insti
tute priK-ccdiugw against the# husband.
The CUM* was eomlueti-d on Isitli aides
with great determination, and the charge
of Judge MeKeau to the jury i# #pok n
j ol as Wiug eminently able.
A Blot la California.
A terrible not oceurr#*! in the (own of
law Augeloa Ualifornia, which origuatcd
iu the following manner: A tight liaviug
mviirrtvl in the Chinese quarter, Officer
Bilderan attempted to arrest oue China
uiau for shooting nuother, but, II|HMI
meeting resistanc#-, called upon a citizen
named Itolu-rt Thompson to aa#i*t liiut.
The officer ami the citizen again attempt
ed to arrest tho Chinaman, when the
Chinese on both sides of tho narrow
street tiegan firing. Thompson Ml.shot
through tlie breast.and soon died. Uihl
enui wa# shot through the shoulder, but
succeeding in reaching his horse and es
caped. A Mexican bov mvnuxl John
Jose Mamleru wa* shot through the leg.
A moli stain eulle*ted, and atlackcvl the
whole Chinese quarter but the Chinese
defended themselves stoutly. AI Mint
500 armed men then surrounded the
Chinese |HMitioii and rat them off from
escape, and yi Chiuaiueu who wen* cap
tured wire summarily hanged by fttie
mob. Fire wa* applied to many of tlie
house*, but the flanieo were exliuguislie#!
hy tin* Chinese. The authorities suc
ceedi-d in r->toring oixler, aud prevented
further bloodshed.
The mob wa* composed mainly of na
tive CahfuriiiaiM ami Mexicans and tin
dregs of society. All tile Chinese that
were hatigixl werv frightfully Iwatcn and
maltreated before liangiug. (>ue of them
was a child only Bor it years old. Iu ad
ditiou to the 16 person# hangtsl, two
men aud oue woman were found, dead,
and another man vas diac#iveD#l in jail
in an insensible condition. (tnlv one'of
those who wen* hanged has been ith-nLi
ft -d a* having shot at the offii-era. The
others are *up|MMM*d to IM* innocent, tlie
guilty one* haviug escapes! IM-fore tin*
mob a#ult<xl their houses. The old
igilancc Committee has l>e*ii renrgwn
ized to prevent a repetition of the rioting.
Disaster en tbe Lake*.
Following tlie disastrous fir*** in the West
are di#a*tera on the Lake*. A numlier of
vessel* have been lost with all on lioard.
Among them is the pr<qH-ller Co burn, A
dispatch says two Itoatit of the GaAar*
have la-en washed ashore one <-uipty. the
other having i n her two dead bodies,
thiwe of a colored man aud a Iwy. This
aettif s the question of the fate of those
not already reported *avi*d, in all proba
bility. Tlie (rib urn ha* five I suit* one
w** stiure, two were found with |craons
alive in them, and two are found with no
oue living. It can hardly IM* otherwise
than thut the persons who failed to save
their lives in the busts have ]>efished.
In all prolbility they unmber as many
as thirty, at the lowest estimate, and a
uiooff tin in are doubtless the Captain,
Gilliert lK*mont, Indian Agent Smith
and his wife, Mnjor At wood, uud all tbe
hxdies on Iniard. of whom there are re
jiorted to have been eight. From what
can be learned of the WDH# during the
hist hoars of the steamer, tin* ladies very
likely went down with the boat, eitln-r
unable to remain outside, or larking the
hardihood. It seem# likely, too, that
several were seen in the Nihiu just liefore
*he sank. Floor and article* with the
name of the (\J>uru on tiietn came nsliore
at Kincardine all dny.
It is mora than probable thut all the
liooks, {lopora, Ac., ladongiug to the
steamer went down with her, cou*<H|uent
ly some time must necessarily claj#e be
fore s complete list of her crew und JHlS
sengvra esn lie ofitained, und there is n
strong proliatiility that the nnmus of all
of her crow will never lie known, as noth
ing on her books will show them.
A Sad Tragedy.
A snd tragedy occurred near the Uni
versity of Oiieago, resulting in the death
of Col. Thomas W. Groavener, city pros
ecuting attorney. There is much excite
ment over the event, nnd various stories
ore afloat n* to the facta of the ease, but
tho following may bo regarded as nearly
accurate. At a late hour named a |wtrol
Is longing tii Com {>nv L., First Chica
go Volnnleera, a youth of some seven
teen years, and stationed near the cor
ner of Cottage Grove Avenue, nnd Uni
versity Place, noticed a man passing
southward on the opposite side of the
avenue. The sentry ordered him to halt.
The reply to this was nn oath. The or
der wn* repeated and no reply made.
The Third time the sentry ordered him to
hnlt or he wonld shoot. The reply was
Shoot and IM* d—d." The sentry fired
and the man fell. The woundeii man
was at once identified hy those who rush
ed to the scone as Col. (Jrosvener, who
resided on Oak Avenue, toward which he
wo* going when shot. Tlie coroner wa*
notified of tlie occurrence, nnd ordered
the nrrast of the sentry. His muuc is
Theodore N. Trent; lie is a student in
tlie Chicago University, Sophomore
Class, and claims to have acted utrictly
according to order#. ('ol. (Jrosvener
was a native of Utiea, N. Y., h's age
was aliout thirty-seven. The sentinel
was posted to preserve order in the city.
CIIOBE HAI LED. —Hineo the death of
Father Taylor, of Boston, many anec
dotes arc told of him, among which is
the following from Richmond, where he
was tx>rn. He spoke the sailor vernacu
lar to his audience, who fully appreciated
and loved the good old man. On one
occasion, while mukiug the droit fly from
the pulpit cushions, he noticed an old
salt, whose weather braten face w.is a
good fae-timilr of an old-fashioned door
plate, seated near the altar, and who
gave expression to his conviction of sin
y loud, prolonged groans, and at every
renewed blast from the pulpit the groans
liecame louder, wliercnt the good father
fixed him with his eye, and addressed
him in these words: "Luff, brother,
luff; luff while she breezes, and you'll
weather hell yet, with the lee leeches of
your top-sails smoking which neatly
expressed the nearest touch and go pos
sible, and gave good solid comfort to
Jack.
Said a conceitedyiung lady—You men
are a oovct us-set.
Appeal for Aid.
In view of the urgency of immediate j
and rotdhus aid from the people outside
of the Mt.de, the following ap|ieal to the
United State* lnta been issued by the
Michigan Htati* Relief Committee
To the !'rot tie IJF thr Unitrtt Stole* We
need instant anil plentiful aid. From j
12,0110 to 15,000 |M-ople, at li-aat, iu the
State of Michigan, have lost their liotucn,
fiwid, clothing, croiia, horaes aud cattle.
On the night of the Chicugo fire 2,000
|ieople mi the i*i*t shore of laike Michi
gan, and 5,t100 to (1,000 on the west show
i of 1-uke Huron were reduced to almost
utisolute deatitutioii. Within two or
three weeks other small settlement* have j
been blotted out. The numlier of indi
vidiitd farm house*, barns aud fmntier
i dwellings which huve liaen destroyed by i
the all-prevailing fire* cannot from want j
of iuforinntiou, lie aci-urately calculated.
The Hgg legate we know to be euormoiia. j
The tire* are stilt buriiiug, and uew one*
spring up. The area of ruin aud devasta-
Hon i daily inereaaing, aiul much suffer
ing exists. A long, hard and cold
Winter is approaching, and large uuiu-
INT* of tlieae ix-ople are accessible only
by water, ami navigation will aoou lie
closed. Scarcely a mouth, or six weeks
at most, remain* in which to feed, clothe
and shelter them for the Winter M-OMOII,
wiiiuh extends far into the Spring.
They must lie hcliM-d now, or they will
|i-rikli. They will need, too, in oarlv
Spring, seed and iuipleuieut* for harvext* 1
next year. A greater portion of them
niKst eomnieiice life entirely anew and
without i>r>] strut ion at the liegiuuing of
W iliter. Their isolution from the eentres
of (ymtmerce uud the means of coniuuni
cation makes tlie problem of relief more
diflkutlt and urgent The people of
Michigan have nobly responded to ap
jieals which tliia misery lias wade to their
sympathy aud generosity, but they are
sorely crippled, iudim-tly in their busi
ness by the Cliieago fire, and diri-ctlv by
the nKMstanee given to the sufferers from
that isdaniity lw-f, .n- tliey were aware of
the demand* which would tie made II|M>U
them at home. Many of them, too, have
lost their rasoiircea by fires whictr oc
curred iu thi* Htate. In their name,
and on behalf of the victim* already
known and mauv whom we fear are yet
unkiiowii, we ask prompt aud efficient
aid from our lieuevoleut fellow-citizen*
everywhere. Money and stipulica may
be sent direct to Michigan Relief Com
mittee at Detroit or Grand Rapid*.
Wyoming's Hrwit Wi-Matlrr Joke.
The accident, for aueh it was, by which
woman suffrage oceanic the law of Wyom
iug liapueiied in thi* way The l'resnleut
of tlie Council of the first Territorial
Iv-gialutun- ol Wyoming strolled into the
office of tlie Secretary of the Territory
one moniiug in Novemlier, to talk
almut lK*al ]Militiea. Woman suffrage
came in for its share of attention. Haid
the Secretary, who was a staunch advo
cate of woinuu's right:
"Mr. President, do you know yon have
the greatest op|iortauity of any man in
America to immortalize yourself
"How?" inquired the piesident.
"Ry iutrtaluciug a bill to the council
extending the right of suffrage to wo
man," replied the secret ITT.
"By Jove! I'll do it if you'll draw up
the lull," r>*|Miuded the president.
"Agrei-d," answered the secretary;
and Mr. I'resident smiled the quiet unle
of satisfaction incident to the birth of a
new idea, pulled away at hia cigar,
straightened himself and walked to the
Council chain tier to {Kinder ou his future
gn-atueoa. The bill was drawn, intro
duced and passed the find reading of the
Council—more for the novelty and no
toriety than la-cause its member* were in
it* favor.
In the lower house, however, the bill
met opposition, and became the subject
of earnest dissension on the |wrt of a
minority. The majority looked ii|ion
tlie whole tiling as a joke of tin- rollicking
secretary, and were disposed to let him
have his fun, while' thev would enjoy
the lug snp]M*r promised tin-m by the
secretary if they would pass the bill.
Thus the bill |iamed the House, not sup
posing the Council would confirm it on
it# flu at reading. The Council, however,
did pass the bill, wlietiier from indiffer
otiee or tit ajqiear c#msisti*nt with its
former action it is impossible to say, a*
it is eotntily ini|Kia*ilile to account for
mostof the law* puavl by this Legisla
ture ou any knoan h.v {mthesis. But
whctiier joke or design ou the iiart of the
secretary, tlie memliers of the Houae
were certainly victimized, for they never
got that big snpiHtr, and the bill did pa*#.
It only waited now for tin* Governor's
signature under tlie great seal of the
Territory to make this lull a law in the
laud. In a few days thejiill VM return
ed with hi* Excellency'# familiar O. K..
and woman suffrage b*came Imth a fact
and a law iu Wyoming.
A Ntrsnfe Case.
A sad incident occurred nt Steuben
ville County Infirmary a few days ago.
r*#ultiug in a horrible death, the bury
ing of a small lad named Murphy, oged
live years—a reel-footed child, who was
deserted by the mother to cloak her
1 -duunc. It ap|ieara that two other paii{M*r
children, name I'hilip Sheridan and Andy
Stewart, dug a large hole in the nrchanl
iuljoiuing the inflrtnary. After efleeting
this part of the dinlxilicnl act, the two
little fiends, whose ages, were renjiective
lv five and ten years, repaind to the in
firmary grounds and caught tbe reel
footed IKIV, and carried him to his liviug
grave. Shrieking, yet aritiiout power of
lieing heard, the little victim was caught
by the young executioners, and forced
into the hole. Holding him down they
shovelved in the earth and stone upon
bis writhing body, stifling hi* cries a*
liest they could, until the poor deformed
body ceased to struggle, and tlie spirit
took it* flight to Him who gave it. The
two young murderer* went Iwok to (lie
house without informing any one of the
deed, and the buried boy's absence was
first noticed by Mr. Porter, the Superin
tendent, slioiit oue o'clock. Uj>on mak
ing inquiries, a little black bov informed
him that Andy Stuart and Phil. Sheri
don bad "buried Limpv' down in the
holler." On going to the spot, Mr.
Porter found the newly made grave, and
Iwlow the surface the lifeless form of
little Limpy." The little murderers
have l>een sent to the reformatory. This
is one of the saddest incident* we have
ever had to record.
OTR IIOIWR AND HOME. —Says Mrs.
Stowe There are certain characteristic
words which the human heart loves to
conjnre with, and one of the strongest
among them is the phrase, "Our House."
It ia uot my house, nor vonr house, nor
their house, but Our ifoute. It is the
inseparable trr who own it, and it is the
irr and the our that go a long way toward
impregnating it with the ehurm that
makes it the symbol of things most
blessed and eternal.
Houses have their phsiognomy, as
much as persons. There ore common
place houses, suggestive houses, attrac
tive houses, nud scientific houses, and
fascinating house#, jnst as there are all
classes of {tenons. There are houses
whose winnows seem to yawn idly—to
stare vacantly—then* are houses w hose
windows glower weirdly, nnd look at you
askance there arc houses again, whose
very doors nnd windows seem wide open
with frank cordiality, which seem to
stretch their arms to embrace vou, and
woo yon kindly to come nmf {Kisticsa
them.
FHfairrrrL DISASTER.—Another fright
ml colliery disaster is reported. An ex
plosion took place in the Sealmn Mine,
near Newcastle, England. Thirty-three
men were in the pit at the time, none of
whom where saved. The families of
the victims with numbers of people gath
ered around the mouth of the pit, and
former scenes of excitement and distreis
were renewed.
From IN CASKS AND IN B AOB. —Dr.
Poleck has beeu making researches into
the methods of packing flour. He finds
that flour preserved in casks is often in
jured by the insufficient circulation of
air through its mass. In consequence,
its gluten is changed, assuming a sour
re-action, and the flour will not make
good dough. This change is indicated
by a peculiar mouldy smell. Flour pre
served in bags is not so liable to this
change.
Thr Death of Nero.
Own night Nrro, dresaed la woman's
clothes, waa in onr of thr palaces of
llotur, surrounded by his boon com
piiinoua, male and female, indulging in
the moat loathsome orgies, when a great
uproar waa heard in the streets. A m*s-
Hetigcr waa scut to aacertain the cause.
He rturn>d with the appalling tidings
that Gallia, at the head of an avenging
army, was marching rapidly into Home
that insurrection liiul broken out In
the streets, and that a countless mob,
breathing threatening* and slaughter,
were surging toward the palace.
Tbe wretched tyrant, a* cowardly as
i he was infamous, was struck with dis
may. He aprangTrotu the table so and
i ileuly as to overturn U, dashing the
most costly vases iu fimguieuta, he cried,
I I am ruined I out wined 5" and called
fur a cup of {toinoli, Huicide waa tim
ft minion resort in those days of tlie
cowardly in tlie hours of wretchedness,
i Nero took tin* lKrtaooad cup, but date
not drink it. He called for a dagger,
xnmined it* polished point, but had not
i nerve to proas tliat to hi* heart. He
then rushed from the isdaoe in his wo
man's grab, ami with nis long hair flut
tering in the wind. Thus disguised, he
almost flew through the dark aud narrow
streets, intruding to plunge into the
Tiber. When he reached tlie bank and
1 gazed u |>ou its gloomy waves again hi*
1 courage failed.
Several of his coin|mnion# had areoin
j pained him. One of Uiem suggested
that he should flee to a country seat,
about three miles from Home, and there
conceal himself. Insane with terror,
turn-headed, in hia shameful grab, he
covered hi* face with a handkerchief,
leaped upon s horse, snd succeeded,
through a thousand peril*, in gaining
his retreat Jn*t before b reached the
villa, mue alarm so frightened him that
lie leajted from his horse snd plunged
into s thicket by the roadside. Through
briers and thorn*, with torn clothes and
lacerated flesh, he reached the insecure
•avium he nought.
In the mean Li me, the Roman senate
hail hurriedly assembled. Emboldened
by tin* insurrection, and by the approach
of Gnlba, they passed a decree declaring
Nero to be the enemy of hia country,
snd doomed him to death, more ma
jorum—ihmt is, according to ancient
custom. Some one of Nero's compan
ions brought him the tidings in hi*hid
ing place. Pallid and trembltug, be in
quired, "And what is death mora ma
jor um The appalling reply was:
It ia to be stripped naked, to have the
j head fastened iu the pillory, and be
scourged to death
Tbe monger who had amused himself
jin wiUieasing the torture of others re
coiled with horror from the dreadful
affliction. Seizing a dagger he again
endeavored to nerve himself to plunge
it into his heart. A pick from the sharp
point was all he could summon resolu
tion to inflict. He threw thi' dagger
aside and groaned in terror. He then
strove to t ilk himself into courage.
Ought Nero," aaid be, to be afraid?
Shall the emperor be a coward No
Let me die courageously f
Again he graiqieil the ilagger, anxious-
Iv examined its keen edge, and again
threw it aside with a groan of despair.
Just then the clatter of huraeinen was
heard, and a party of dragoon# was seen
•ppn inching. Hisre I rent waa discovered,
and in a few moments Nero would lie
helpless in the hand* of hi* enemies.
Then there would be no powulile escape
from the ignominious and agonizing
death. In the delirium of dmpair be
ordered a freeman to hold a sharp sword
so that be might throw himself nuteutijr
against it He thus succeeded in sever
ing the jugular vein, and hia life blood
spurted forth. As he sank upon tbe
ground the soldiers cntne up. He look
ed at them with a malignant scowl, say
ing, You are too late f* and died.
Thus nenahed thi* monster of de
pravity. It is aaid that this event took
place ou the ISffli of June, A. D. (58.
Many Christian* at the time supposed
Nero to be the Anti Christ Tbe wretch
hud reigned tnirtoen years, and died in
the thirty-second year of his age.
Tbe First Newspaper la America.
in Buckingham's Newspaper Bpeci
mens" wc find that the fiist attempt to
set up a newspaper in N-irtli America, so
fsr as can be ascertained from existing
records or from tradition, was made ia
Boston in the vcar 1690. Only oue oopr
is known to lie in existence, and this is
deposited in tbe state paper office in
London.
Number oue of this paper, and proba
bly tbe only numlier ever published, is
dated September 25,1690. Immediately
on it* publication the legislative author
ities sjKike of it a* a {ismphlet, stated
that it wa* contrary to law, and con
tained "reflection# of a very high nature."
They strictly forbade any thing in print
without license first obtained from those
spiKiintivi by the government to grant
the same." This paper was priuted by
Richard Pierce for Benjamin Harris.
Mr. Pierce is said to have been the first
{tenon who carried on the printing busi
ness in Boston.
Benjamin Harris, who was tii proprie
tor of this (Wlier, had a printing bouse
in Boston, snd in ICW snd 1694 printed
the set* and Law* of Massachusetts, and
was printer to hia Excellency the Gov
ernor, and Council." Harris's commis
sion to print tbe laws waa in the follow
ing wnnls
"By his F.xeellency—l order Benjamin
Harris to print the sets and laws made
bv the great snd general court or assem
bly of their Majesty's province of Massa
chusetts Bay of New England, that we
people may be informed thereof.
W'n.i.i AM Pmrrw.
Boston, December 16, 1692."
This is a curious, interesting and im
{Mirtant history, showing that tbe advent
of the new*]MiK*r to this country took
place a hundred aud eighty years ago
A XKW TBBORT. —Some of the Eu
ivqiean s*t ronomere sre discussing a new
und interesting theory, namely, that
auroral appearance aud the zodiacal
light* are in some way connected with
the phenomena of torost rial magnetism.
Dr. Balfour Stewart declares that in the
anti-trade winds li finds the moving
conductors required to produce the effect,
and suggests tliat as tliey pass rapidly
fiver the hues of the earth's magnetic
fore* tliey mav be regarded as the ve
hicles of an electric current, posaiblv to
lie lit up as atennated gaases are wlicn
they conduct ehvtricity. In thi* way,
he i hinks, the phenomenon of the zo
diacal light might be produced. Then,
again, these moving enrnuits w ill react
on the magnetism of the earth, which
msv account for tlie somewhat sudden
and violent changes that take place in
the earth's magnetism at those seasons
when the great currents change most rap
idly. as for example, the equinoxes. Dr.
S. "also intimates that there may be two
varieties of aurora, one corresponding to
stationary conductors under a very rapid*
ly changing core, and the other to
rapidly moving conductors under a con
stant core.
MAYOR MASON of Chicago, has issued a
proclamation appointing a day of fasting,
humiliation, and prayer.
MY FRIBND, atop that torrible cough,
and thus avoid a consumptiye's grave by
using Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis
covery. For curing all throat, bronchial
and lung disease* it ha* never been
equaled. Hold hy druggista. 569.
SiNon.Aß.—The tied of the Neusiedler
sea, in Germany, which since 1865 had
been quite dry, commenced suddenly iu
September, 1870, to be filled with water.
It had been laid out into fields, which
were well cultivated, and the Archduke
Albrecht, upon whose estate it is situated
had erected numerous farm buildings for
bis tenants of massive granite. The fill
ing up has steadily progressed until at
the present writing, the lake is almost of
its former depth ond only here nnd
there a roof or a chimney appears above
the water, which will soon close over
every vestige of what was once a thriving
and highly cultivated agrieultural lo
cality. ___
MYSTERY. ~Tbe greatest mystery in
the world to us is that housewives will
use any other lightening, save J. Monroe
Taylor's Cream Yeast Baking Powder.
CHAPntPHAVoa. fMM, tough akin.ptm
plea, ringworm, wlt-rtwrnni, Mid other
cuUneotta aflectmna, cured, and ill# akin
made aoft and amooA hv using tha
JT KIPKR Tan BOAF, AID,, BY CAAWRU*
HAKAHO k Co., New York It ia more
convenient and really applied than othar j
modiM, avoiding lb tremble of tin
groany rompoanda now in nae.
A CAR* of chronic rbeumatiimi of nn
tunial aeverity, cured by "Joitxaoa'a
ANOHTRE Lntmgjrr," ia noticed by one
of oar exchange*. A large bunch cann
on t upon the breaat of the aufTercr, and
appeared like part of the breaat bone.
THE aweeteat word in ottr language ia
health. At the flrat indication of dia
caae, uae well-known and approved reme
j dica. For dyapepaia or indigeation, use
"Panaoa'a I'IMUTIVK PIUM." For
cottgba, colda, aora or lame stomach, ttae
j "JoHxaoa'a Axoonra LiamewT.
BnmHUT BREAK* THE Momma of a
new era in the aunala of medicine. AJ-!
oobol will aoon tie banished from the
list of remedies, and only known aaa |*4-
aon. I Ht. J. Wiuun'i CAUVOHMIA V
KTIAK BITTERS. eompoaed entirely of
wholeaoma botanic extracts ami juices,
are everywhere aii|teraeding the fiery
aatriugenta, which no man or woman
,-ver yet, took without bitterly repenting
their eredolity. There ia no disease
ncute or chronic, in which the new tonic
may uot he administered with beneficial
j effect ________
A FAVOBAI.K XOTOBURT.—'The good
reputation of Bnoww'a BBOKCHIAJ,
Tnocnaa" for the relief of Coughs, Colds,
.aid Throat Diseases, haa given them a
favorable notoriety.
'AKETT L MK always look out for first
class securities. For Railroad Booth
paying yon good interest, write te
'MANUAH W, HAJMUW, NO. 7 Wallßtreet,
I New York.
FINANCIAL.
InsiaNl artlti.
j J.lOaou SCo,as* warn aaStas. mrnk rmeeniai
a praams, as* al. imaaul tar ad rtaram, ta rwat
MaaWapa t-ae (rata KtaS ml tha Kafthara Pshe
tibatd haattao Im aad IWTatti
m 4 aaearad iriM Hi Mil —1 MM aUn
lliii.ll .nfl i imirm-r- -i— -i- —f..—T fl r—
j of Lu4i* mo mJlaef Intk, ar land U
mck |I,M Bead The hiohaat won pna *M be
far V. R >WT Hia. m 4 an ether aurhaWtOi
faß latin ■■Una. aeaeßtethe baada 10inn ilim i-rilW
IwniM aa aim*""" 1 If Jll Oot*B A On, Mb
fatphla. Sea Tart aad WtahiaoMt. aad by mat Baaha
aad Baa ten dmak eat thr aaaa r
The lutrti.
*r ruti.
gtcr Cinu-flttm to Eon -17 .17 S
not quality !ll*a .It
Mediate Ha J|
lalavr M a JO
MiuraOova. OUa aflO.oo
Houa—Lrrm J7 jm\
Draaaad JO a .10*
•mr M a KS
ftooa MuUU<o u%m M
ruva-EdNWaura Ut a(U
Mala Kttn 0.71 a 7 10
Viut-iate L a 1.00
Mate I.M a IJO
While Oaaaaaa E*u* IM a IJ
Ktb-WmMtb M a .M
fUMLM-auia 127* am
Ooa—Kited Weatera M a J*
(Usa—Wealera U a .11
Bom—Km OH alU>
Luv a .11
rKnuumt-CrodF llMai
Irma— M a M
Okie W. B M a .70
r*rj M a .M
Vaatrrn ardlbarj 91 a.
Preaa; h-aaia One J4 a .77
Oimt—tab factory li a .M
maaxi at a .10
ri (i|| o*rto Ma .U
ruira-ap0t0.....T1!!? ,t 00.00 a T.M
Kiira. IM a IM
Cnaa tt a .70
Dan 00 a .1*
CCJoa foam 17.00 ala .oo
U 00*a -U
Inm-Ooaum II a a
Choice Lota JO a .10
raoaaa _ J a .11
Bona Wwho M a .M
Eaatcrn IT a .11
Qua to-Owr to a 10
Tutted*? IM a o.o#
Bad Top 1.00 a -00
Bat-Thoica 00.00 MIM
Ooanaoa to 00 allM
nmu.
BnrCarat L m IM
*OO IM a IM
Moaa Uw C M a 000
rtaca tM a O.SO
Water—So 3 Bj.rsns LOO a Ut
Ooaa JO a JO
Oara JO a .il
Bnr 10 a .70
Biiun JO a .00
Lams 10 a .10*
ALMOST.
I Womtr LOO a LCI
Rrm—Mtair 00 a .M
Onaa—mood ft a .70
H*munr—Stale JO a .00
Oara Ofatr M a .10
.aa*ete
Fmra—Bean. Extra IS a 0.70
Wamtr—Waatrrs Bad. I.M a I JO j
Shite 100 aUt
faiautani—Oala Itymd—il. y
Bar Cami .07 a JOJf i
BOLIHBOBB.
Cnrna-Lnr WvMUao .l*,a .10
ruMO-EMn 7.00 a 000
Ware?—Antw LISa LOO
(Vat a .70 i
000a..... .IS a JO
Biahtaa 7M.
raw. atambb. dweeraead. ettheat ratal lar feed,
eittiaat aawn Utah far umlta. yet rdh ao at alt
pala. or ether tfaartdc ladeallna el dtaaaar, Maa affaq da
a* aar lubk tarabda fadtac aa H vara eat af Ufa aMfaaal
aay afarrat earn. W# aajr af tbrta tltal they am
ataltaa laat." ar "atakiac fadaafly." aa the aaaa aaar
ha. Bat that 1 la aa aed riaana why they tkeaM aaafc
at aB. Peraaaa la thie daad aliaa atafa oroplj went ta
rnntaa aad hlaMadao. Sahara, ut a aula af laya.
tliatali bafa. Brtap eel tha tun it af rMallto la Iba
tba aatW Iraara af beds aad utad with a wataa af
llaatatur'a Btaaaaeb BlUara. It aaa ba luai. Il baa
baaa daaa la Utnaaatthtaf iaattntif Tba aOart apaa
tba raarralad ft* at ia afacdtlc. Sranr off oo bataaaar
I aapa id aad brakaa tlmra. Ba'aniaahat tbal far lb# as
haul*4. TIM diMHUMI. Uw <|N|Kitdia|, lJsi ppiw fil
vagafablr ntltralor la a oaaaiar abxir. It It aal a
BfTo otiiaoUat ihftt jti; rak— 1 rtxuMtt lath erf vlfir
caadMUa tbaa bafbra. Il raaaaraa tha eaaaaa af daMifa
hy altrrtaa tba aaaratbaat aad racaWltac Uta actaoa of
tha lataraal aftta. aa wall aa it aafattaap Ihaat. It la
a parttralarly aalaabW taadldaa at thia aaaaaa. bttaaat
M la aa aattdnOa ta tha malaria tIM itrtabaoaa later
laillmt faaar. btllaaa aalia aad alhar dlaardara af tha
bowala matalaat la tha faU.
|IOR HALS. -The larvae part of .PuM.l
r qwehaaaaa Co Pa., containing owar MB acree ml
land ith dwaibat kama uate
■ill, Fkaarta* mil. harm. hopa. orchard. he Bawl
vator pnnr-|nnil ml 1M aim. Sitaauni WNn.
Vaeet?. Aa latrraM fa lb* aaill property a ill he aold la
ann! buWaain man who |H tali* charm llaniit. A
mlKl fr .IB am M lh noma* motive- Terma at pay
ment mar ha made ran.
BKNJ PARKE P.rkecnU, Awn. (V. Pa.
PAIN KILLER.
The Great Family Medicine of
the Age.
TAKEN INTERNALLY CURES
BaMt* CaalaU. I wwarha, Ar.,
Weak Waauiek. Oewerel Debility.
Xvrotaa* Wnre Mnwth.
Canker. Llnr C'nmpUUai.
BrapeßaU ar U4tf*atlm,
Craaap ar Pain la tkakleaaaek.
Rawal Cwmplnlet,
Pala t*r*a Calk,
A aiaatte t hntera,
Piaa i'ka.
Nad Bjraenterjr.
TAKEN EXTERNALLY CUBES
ralaaa,
i Kr*rnra, VraraUM
THE PAIN KILLER
la br unlmaal conaaet alio wad to hara woo, foe itaatf
reputation nnaurpauwl in tha hiatnry of medical pvape
ratiooa. Ita tiMtantaneoaa efferl in tha aatlra fadieß
tion and aatinetioaa of pam tn oil ita varied farwvinct
dnntal to the human family. and tb onaolloitad eiitlaa
and rerbal teetimony ol tha ma—aa ia ita favor. aia Ita
own boat advartaaamanta. _ __ ,__
The in*red:rnt* which an tar into tha PA If KILLER
bain* pa rely vacatahl*. render it a parfajtly
ftractoua remedy, taken internally a< wall aa for aiternai
ap pi teat ion. when uaad accord in* to diraotaooa Jnt
ali*ht Main upon linen front it aaa ia aitaraal awMea
tiona ta raadilr ratuored by traahia* la a littW aloohol.
Thta medicine. In ally celebrated for tha onto atom
many of tha aflictiona incident to tha homaa fatally,
haa BOW been bofoto tha public
ABOUT THIRTY YEARS,
UmIIMOU afitet is rafiatint pais it trait 11 aMrrsi.
and, b*n uri acsorduf to (Snetioß*, u troetoito
A PAIN KILLER,
|gg|
Waaderfal Csraitv* fWrj!*
1 ywraa ata atlla Fancy rR>. row
Kaaw Wlilaßaf Freef Hpirtl aaA
H-*-
1 from MMMM
tSmSVSSnIm- rutnv^
a ymrtmH Rsraraaiae anS *jj
r prarldid tkmu hawa. mm a*
I IZtaaa r athra Mka. rata tt-
j SS3&S32
mm MFftt In iINK tVi(H*lbn m InnMi
i nuttaa r4 tSa Uer. ad all ihsVlacartl Omasa
rota pntu ro*FLAJ*m
1 a.aeSUS. tlm*m Tasta
b ulTa'lduST.' Htemmlß W I 'iggfg;
"rjtJL-rr.a:^
1 aaS IM-SSrr.lta- BlOr^erbj-..-.
maMfaL R.rh Plasaa~amamse THhurd
Rlaad. tagawnJlr jesSaarS hy tswe*ae
"raJSK.'rrr.T.wta
pus ta a. ah.aitan.Oaaahft Ti#itsta. M A*
I jn N— i. lUuts -t Swa* Bi urlal'sa. a# fc
SaS Taata Us lllaW ftlWTrlf—W
IL- _ i liliani
lUM a# Um EiSaataaaSa ksairaa avast aawftU araw
uaaa.ttaiiertaei'l'eess
flrar HlS tfc* gosaafc aa etaaatolt
Ura- aaS ImS skx* KMPHr Ikaa uamwdtaS
atec* la omrnm 0- a#ala.pwWaa:aa lae
psruai BOTlXaaaSnrwiathsaaataapWaav
ronniti*ii*'.soaat<mr.mi
nhcua. ntotafcaaep-artoW-.lSsaiaaaea.Car
1 irr'-r ntM-Wsnaa SraM llraA. taw. Sraa. ■rrtara-
SSjuLtairt.. ra.^ltaSMs. Baa.su
Sussss. si Ik. SkiacA saaw at aaisra. a.•
BSSTTsm p
taa bt Um ass a tiwra Slilsaa Oas ksuls Kk

Cheaas tk. TetalaS W—* wOtmmm paa fcslioaa
parttlaa kanUaa iktaaafc tha iMa la WauSaa nraw
s ttaas a. Sara* alsaasa H wksa pas Sat a skeradaS
a4 Cuccuk la Ifca MM: alaarm H ekaa II ta Wet
aaS pee. tatatawe Vkßrwekt* Baap Ika Mara
pass. sa4 Um kraltk ml Ik. a.suss alii faitaa.
k Via Tape. aaA ato Winaa, Irallaa lßlka
araua.ara.taaa. Uaatatata.w*"^'°an.fcie.i<l
sst. "r..trsrJss.
Mf weew sH lrt N* Uif ■S2SB
MlaSni SMMlli taMk MTtei Utim
HSvrSx
i. WALKKK rraprtau., XB. XcBOXAU 00,
er sts. wtwuwi as mat—.
RUPTURE
aftgafaniL'Maes.yr
T a a.. :-A -a-. .J ImIIiIWI It iStftS
e ybiiQOg.
OPIUM EATKRS.~m;

FREE ig
I I 11 ta r .aa aasal rawrracae. <ra U aafciailiiu
Aean taaka M Sap. *mt ft UWfWr
fr I' I H M I
Agents! Read Thf<!
xyrwiLLr>r IUKITOA V-A> r
TV m 4 wee p.. vrk aaS aii| lams ar iSm a
leas. MMWSM. taaSl oar Mar aaaiiaifal rut* a
ASSraa.. M. WIGVWfc AOr> Msrakst:. Mid __
r is
■.-"Ski* TIE MKST rHMAXDT
I FNr 11 Ajmaar aSSraa. Waa tL Ww. Ota _
Km raiev MOBEIV wtTrn
mm OwUm, wttt vmrrmnme* laatie Craa bp P.ft
oarraMgiaCtt.m A Wilksata S Oa.. teMa jMakaa.
MAN OF A THOUSAND.
A CONSUMPTIVE CURED.
WThaa St alk mam >sl| u|kl traa. Cuaastap.
Svaa.iiii. S IX> ."laaWta IT*
Irv ff RMI4HMP
CliicatD ni tie Brest Gsilapitiee,
A seacwa kkamay at Mta rsar at Ilia ataal aiMdw'Stl at
(rilM*. lad A 4Ha tiwui. 111 l'<ll|ll||llliil Mril rtvwl RCIBRIIIfIt
af Ma SaairtaUu. h, Ira; >Ui saaaaa. nelSaala,
H Marara. I'mlWi A ank
kn va ka spat. Aara-.a. aaaaS.
A-tdraa. DK VSTte BROS S SMITH.
laRSa. h. t.
Aeun WAXTKB rot
THE TEAROFBATTLES.
-iiVrJStMSLiJ^Ii
lK maly *EFw wri.. Hta 1
MaJktaß Hi IMOi ni'iA-iim tuiT miir.mt.la ua In CumafiiwAi md
FARMEBS' PAINT
Wa aaa aiaikman vara rapni a Pake at Ml
Ita na aTwSlaaiy a aft It m km. kaa kp ka
aSSOaai af Sra p. lata aaa h. araft. hpktaa a. (Wkra li
k "S?iAl"" |V g mtaaQlC
fasi.htalta aaaau, naras, Aiarav, tmt%, npak,
taks, rasaka asi,,. aim. A. v ta ipaaa
Immuty mm sMniviAuit RaorilSk.
vnravaaa aR daampima ft raa< *™Hr prtra t*tas,aaaa
■Sra. akr.. sSSraa. tka Rtsnr ti etWB Oft. Ra. M
r Q*e>taia Saraac, Raa XmH
BURDSALL'S
ARNICA LINIMENT.
Aa lavsiaaktr Ova tar
(Burna, Ekvdda, bpraina.
IHrrM VTIaN, IVPI.AMM ATIOX, Sr.
A Maala appUaatkM aßapa tka pan tma a tan tka
taataialM teapfSMS.
NO FAKILT SHOULD BE WITHOUT IT.
EVERY FARMER
U lantail to aaaS hk> sMran aad raerfaa Fro# aaS
Pawapr I*IS aapp af tka
American Farm Journal,
The arart Pis.lli.l. tkv Ban sad Ckaapest Bhirtnlral
AarsratvarsJ paper la da CaMaS States. Oatr It
REDUCTION UF PRICES.
TO ooxnnx TO
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
6reat Saving To Consumera
V OFTTI \U rr CLtHL
aw rad Mr aar Raw Prtaa U sad t Oak ten. wtß
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.
TBET STREET.
r.gma—. w Yaw
OOOK temi WA XT EH,
MM yoa rwo *rr apd purr lab vmei*.
KNOTS UNTIED
oopra. soM ia tklrtp dtps.
A WOMAN'S PILGRIMAGE
La 1? y Mra. EM. Qrlswald. This war*
ny HE Jk CO.,
mmm th£ anectar
tka (Srmn Tm Ptwsr. Tka
aHHTV -I Tas lui|K>rted. Par ask <mrp
jwHß fiidm And Iwr nla wbW adaouif
Ha SAM hr AUn.il-- wad
parWr Tea Cs., a it-m-h St.
Raw York. P. a Rax. UOd.
A-l Aw fkra uVwwt, ri i sis,.
da,i|ErnH
Swtta aad Crttfi DIMVr. bat thara sra as ditara-
SIT 5
taaaa. 3, IB tka mvZZtta which Hb3S£. 2
Tarrmat't Effervament Saltan Aperiant.
A eolomn wcold not rafflac to rnamvr.M the sittna ta
for which M ia prercr.lwd by phyrstciArui of tha hi art at
ataodinp. H doa. not bakmp *o tha ctoa deriait 1.
as a.ra'sfaa
k ife?V%^SR|BGGI 8 ~!,e lT
Y.H. U. gar R 0 tf