OFFICIAL JOBO NAl OF THE P NITEP STATE!
OFFICIAL JOURNAL *OF NEW ORLEANS
THE »AUT JUtrCMJCAM
Ray be had of the following dealer*:
George Ellis, opposite the PostoAoe.
Simon, No. 94 Exchange Alley.
C. C. Haley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. G. D. Holle, No. 61 Exchange Place.
Jamm Ennis, Pontchartrain Railroad
Depot, Third DMxict; also, at Depot foot
ef Lafayette Street, First District.
J. W. Long, comer of Love and Enghien
fffoweta, Third District.
Cresoent City New* Depot, No. 258 Canal
atreet, comer efHovard,
AUCTION BALES TQ.MOEIOW.
BT ions 8TBBH ft BEOS., at to o'clock, at So.
H Chartres street. Coo cases boots, shoes sad
browses.
BT SHERIFF gAUOTHET. at U o'clock, at Bo.
71 St. Ann street three Jersey wagons, one
white horse, one chestnut horse, two harnesses,
second hand lee cream ITeexera and three sacks
coarse salt—succession of F. Manessier. At 13
o'clock, at Merchants and Auctioneers' Ex
change, let of ground and buildings corner of
Bartholomew and Casacalvo streets, and lot of
ground od Bartholomew street—John Header
son re. Charles Holtmann. At Are o'clock, at
the wharf foot of Canal street, one nine-inch
Palmer pump—Charles J. Bier rs. T. J. Duggan
et ala. and John I. White et ala.
Loeal Int ellig ence.
Empire Hasp Ball Club Ball. —The
many young gentleman who managed this
ball, at Turner Hall, last night, evidently
understand making ail things pleasant for
their guests. All present enjoyed them
•elves without hindrance or obstruction of
gay kind. The ladies displayed excellent
taste in dressing, some of the toilets being
uncommonly fine, while the dancing was
the best. These existed a sociable feeling
which made all the visitors quite at ease.
Although this was the first ball by the club,
it was a success that the participants may
be proud of.__
The Yak Robber.— Detective Julios
Domas yesterday found a valuable lot of
goods in the bouse No. 91 8t. Peter street,
kept by an elderly woman whose ante
cedents are not entirely moral. The arti
cles belong to the lota stolen from the
Fourth and Sixth Districts by the burglar,
Henry Cunningham. He was faced by the
woman, when she recognized him as the
man who left Hie articles with her. Some
of the things hare been identified at police
headquarter s. _
Outrage. —Recorder Houghton yesterday
commenced an examination in the case of
Dr. Peres, who is charged with having out
'raged a girl only eleven years old. Her
testimony was very direct,, and, of coarse,
is too repulsive for publication. The ease
was not completed; continued until to
morrow. __
The fancy dress ball given by Protector
Fire Company No. 2 last night, in the Sixth
District, was a pleasant affair, principally
because the managers are peculiarly au fait
in all that pertains to a social party. The
ladies seemed well pleased, not only with the
gentlemen but with their own sweet selves,
One would scarcely imagine that so fine a
ball could be given so far away from the
centre of fas hion. _
The skeleton captain at the Academy of
Music to-nig ht. _
A Horrible Stout. —The following re
port is made to Chief of Police Badger, by
Sergeant.Gaudet, sixth precinct:
At the request of many citizens, I, in com
pany with Corporal Nelson, visited an olil
house corner of Fourth and St. Patrick
streets, in which live Michael Aspill, wife
and two children, twins. The man is about
thirty-two years old, the wife twenty-nine,
and the babes five months. They own the
house and lot, worth about one thousand
dollars. The twins are nearly dead from
starvation. AspUl is an habitual drunkard
and is too lazy to work. One half the bouse
is rented, and when the rent is collected, he
spends the money for liquor, drinks himself
drunk and maltreats his family. The wife
is qojte insane. The house is in a very
filthy-, condition. There is only one bed
stead in the place and there is no clothing
on it, and all the family sleeps on it. I am
unable to describe how utterly miserable
the place is. The twins are so small and
puny that they appear to be not more than
a few days old; so badly have they been
treated, they are only skin and hone, and
were it not for the care bestowed on them
by neighbors, they would have died weeks
ago from starvation. I think the twiAa can
not live long unless aomething is quickly
done to relieve them.
Tiie Sergeant was instructed to take
proper care of the infanta until the authori
ties can investigate the matter.
All Saints' Day.— Next Wednesday, the
first of November, will be All Saints' day.
Most of the cemeteries show that loving
hands have been employed, kind hearts
fondly, cherishing the memory of those
gone before. Those little cities of the dead
for the time wear an almost cheerful look.
They will be objects of interest next week.
Kittie Blanchard's great hornpipe at the
Academy of Music to-night.
The Murdered Chinaman— Sergeant
Fuentes, Algiers, arrested Pablo, Antonio's
partner in the fishing business, as circum
stances plainly indicate that he was the
murderer. There were marks on the ground
from the but in which the two lived, show
ing that a body had been dragged to the
river bank and thrown in. There were
clots of blood along the trail, and Pablo's
clothing contained marks of blood, and a
handkerchief found in his pocket was
bloody, looking as if it had been used to
wipe the gore off of his hands. The body
was not tound.
A Race.— Dusty Bob and Lion, engine
horses of "soon" time, will be put on their
metal to-day on the fairgrounds course. Big
money is staked on the result, and some
body will cry when time is announced.
A Torpedo.— Corporal Elmore, a Metro
politan policeman, took home several of
those villainous torpedoes to show his chil
dren how much noise they made. One tor
pedo waa thrown down but did not explode.
An old duck seeing it roll, gobbled it greed
ily, and immediately thereafter there was a
leadless drake. The thing exploded just in
ime to furnish food for dinner.
Criminal Court —Judge Abell.— w. A.
owalsky, who pleaded guilty to an assault
d battery, committed on the seventeenth
i'ly, on Catherine Raupp, was fined lorty
l c 9 dollars, or one, month in the Parish
jbson. He paid his fine,
tf.phn Klein, who pleaded guilty to an as
j' *U and battery, oommitted on the fourth
dollar, as provocation had beck gitenby
the complainant.
Andrew Bonds, who was copvicted of
buiglary and larosny at the house of Mr. F.
Rhidspolk, Sixth District, was sent to the
penitentiary for twq years and six months.
Cera Hastpson pleaded guilty to e larceny
committed on the sixteenth of October,
stealing home clothing from Celeste Leary
Remanded for sentence.
The following Ho cu s e d were arraigned
and pleaded not guilty:
)|n, Charles Reiss, assault and battery?
Peter Durant, carrying concealed weapon
John Crowley and Richard Murphy. Ur.
ceny; Peter Durant, assault and battery;
jniliam Butler, larceny.
Lewis Allen, ekarged with embezzlement,
pleaded guilty, and was remanded .for sen
Hr. Frank McGloin, counsel for officers
Dominick Kelvin and Zenas Jones, lately
convicted of assault and battery, offered
some witnesses for character, and the testi.
many of several medical men that Jonee had
received a shot in the Jefferson riot, which
was still in his chest Dr. Beilly thinks
Jones unable to infliact injury on anybody
The rule for a now trial in the above case
continued until Friday next.
The river is fourteen feet below high
water mark of 1862. The water is quite
clear, having the tint of an inUad lake.
An attempt was made to burn the
dwelling of E. Tv Stampes, corner of
Jersey end. Constantinople streets, at two
o'clock yesterday morning. The fire was
digeoyefed in time to prevent a confi aera
tion. s _ 1
One Shot.—A bout nine o'clock yesterday
morning, the sound of a pistol shot, near the
first precinct stationhooae, called forth many
inquiries. J. Begun, a policeman, had as
saulted Sergeant Vankirk, and immediate ly
afterward a difficulty arose between the ser
geant and Officer Moran, when the Utter
fired one shot at Vankirk, bat no damage
was done. Moran and Regan were arrested.
Daring Friday night tome fellow without
a spark of conscience stole a chest of car
penter's tools from the new building comer
of Lafayette and Claiborne streets. The
tools ate marked "AJlopper."
The Knife. —Between tea and eleven
o'eloek last night a few drops of blood
Sowed on Dry odes street. Annie King
and Caroline Sqnmans foil oat, after having
few loud words, when the first named
was cut by the Utter, and badly wonnded.
Mrs. King was sent to the Charity Hospital
for the purpose of having her gaping
wounds dressed.
The body of Simon Egglestyn, a Jew, was
btydght here on the Morgan railroad, by
hid brother, frost the Lafourche, country,
where Simon had been murdered for his
money. The brother did hot bring a certi
ficate of any kind, consequently the corpse
was Bold until to-day, in order that some
kind of an investigation might be bad as to
the cause of his death.
Baoo Bull, i
The first contest of the championship
series, between the Lone Sfars and Excel
siorts will be played at the pork this after
noon at three o'eloek, and as these clubs have
heretofore pUyed some of the most inter
esting matches seen here, the bare announce
ment of their meeting will attract a good
attendance. Both dubs will present full
nines, and a good display of the noble
science of ball tossing may be looked for.
Play will be called at three o'clock.
On Sunday, November 5, the long talked
of game between the Lees and Crescents
will come off at tivB'park, and on that occa
sion the ex-Champions win present their
famous new nine, strengthened by the addi.
.tion of several crack players, both from
here and the North.

The Raaktw Company.
The performances at the Academy during
the past week are deserving of something
more than a 1 passing notice. The Rankin
Comedy Company, which commenced -its
engagement here last Monday evening, on
doubtedly embraces much more ability
than is usually brought together in the
atrical companies.
There is not a member of this company
who is not above mediocrity in his or her
line of acting, and the most of the company
are accomplished artists. It is most pleas
ing and instructive Ae. witness the repre
sentationsof such sterling and elegant plays
a "Little Em'Iy," "Caste," "School" and
Long Strike," the emanations of master
minds, by so thorough a company.
J'he play of "Little Em'ly," dramatized
from Dickens' work entitled David Copper
field, was performed on'the opening bight
of the company's engagement, to a crowded
house, and gave the public an excellent op
portunity to judge of the merita of its mem
bers. As the play progressed the excel
lence of each actor developed itself, and at
its conclusion there wae a decided judgment
in favor of the company and the manage
ment for the superb manner in which the
piece had been placed upon the stage.
While all did well .who took part in the
piece, there were others who ex
cited in the more difficult parts. This
play an excellent run for three suc
cessive nights. 1,1
(9a Thursday evening Robertson's elegant
comedy entitled "Caste" was produced with
equal satisfaction. Upon this occasion.
Miss Kittie Blanchard «ppeered to even
better advantage as Either Ectlct and Mc
Kee Rapkw's Captain Hanctree was equal to
his Daniel Peggotg, though the characters
are as dissimilar as possible. All the char
acters were well sustained, and the per
formance of "Caste" proved an excellent
evening's entertainment to all who bad the
good fortune to witness it. This was sue
ceeded on Friday evening by the highly
finished comedy entitled "School," In which
Miss Kittie Blanchard sustained her original
character of Kaomi Tight, the beautiful,
romping, artless school girl. We do not be
lieve we can better express our admiration
of Miss Blanchard's impersonation of this
character than to say, she truthfully "holds
the mirror up to nature."
The Jack Poyntz of McKee Rankin is also
most finished piece ot acting'; and we
might go through the whole list of charac
ters and find much to admire. There is
nothing in this piece to mar its beauties;
it is just snob a picture ef life as is calcu
lated to leave pleasant and wholesome im
pressions. The Rankin company have shown
good judgment in selecting such to perform.
Idffi* evening Beucieanlt'a drama, entitled
the "Long Strike," was produced with a
powerful cast of characters, embracing all
the talent of the company. Mbs Kitty
Blanchard personated Jirne Leantgd with
her usual force and truthfulness; and McKee
Rankin appeared aa Monegpenng. The
play is a anting ana ia the hands of the
tonkin c omp a n y. It waa played to a good
house tort night. AH who delight In good
acting should not- foil to mo -the
company. r t I
fn the fltxtlr Disftfet Oofitt 'force tniits
were brought 'ggNtaeS foe city by profes
sional gentle men for foes not altogethsr un
connected with the late"drainage cop mi*
Writs of attachment issued yesterday
from the Fifth D^trict.Court in eases prayed
for- m
As for as bringing suits "means business.'
the district courts have a i present their foil
The agent in this city'.of John Stewart
OaleyAt Co. applied to the Eighth District
Ceurt for *0 injunction to restrain the bark
Moltke, from departing on her voyage to
Liverpool, bec au se the bark, having con
tracted to carry petitioners' one hundred
and three bales of cotton, received it on
hoard and then refus«fd to sign a bill of lad
ing for the same. A rale nisi, calling on de
fendant to show cause why the injunction
should not issuq, or else comply with com
plainant's demand, ia returnable on the
thirteenth of November.
The thermometer at Louis Frigerio's,
No. 50 Chartres street, stood as foUows:
October 28—at 8 A. M. 64 3 at 2 P. M., 75°;
at 6P. M., 71°.
-«fo- J 4
A Splendid Store —The elegantly fitted
up store of Mr. Joseph Llado, at the corner
of St. Charles and Common streets, was
the centre of attraction in that neighbor
hood on the occasion of its first opening
last evening. We have seldom seen so much
taste displayed in the fitting op of a drug
store as has been exhibited by Mr. Llado on
this occasion. The iqany rich cut glass ves
sels containing the drugs are so well ranged
around upon the shelving of the octagonal
room, and the Parian marble counter, where
the mineral waters are dispensed, ia a model
of itekiod., We had the pleasure of meet
ing there, as second in command, Mr. Cur
tis Harris, formerly of the house of Ball,
Lyons Ac Co., than whom does not live in
this city a more skillful chemist and apothe
cary, or courteous gentleman. We wish
Mr. Llado all success In his nep locality.
Pretty Se-u-ean at the Academy of Music
to-night. _
Bovs' and Children's Clothing and
Men's Furnishing Goods. The new
goods which comprise the stock of Mr. B. T.
Walshs, at hie beautiful store, No. 110
Canal street, we hardly need tell onr read
ers, are exactly of the kind required by our
citizens at tisis season. They have been
manufactured expressly for Mr. Walahe's
sales, and are certain to give satisfaction.
Everything required for dressing boys and
-children can be procured there, at prices
most liberal. On calling there yesterday,
we aaw one of the greatest cariosities ever
brought to the city—a cylindrical looking
glass, in which a perfect metamorphose is
worked instantaneously in any person look
ing into it. It is worth a walk to Canal
street at ady time to see it.
The Late Arrivals at Moodt's.— It
can not be denied that the new goods just
being opened by the world renowned shirt
king. Moody, ot Canal street, corner of
Royal, are, beyond all dispute, aa beauti
ful—yes, not only beautiful, but. elegant,
and last, but not least, good. There are
cravats, scarfs and neckties which far sur
pass the moat tasty ever worn in Paris;
shirts at once well fitting, well made and
stylish in the extreme. Undershirts
every texture, as well as socks and gloves
from all the most celebrated manufactories.
All the numerous appliances for an ele
gant toilet of a gentleman—the handker
chiefs, the collars, the shirt buttons and
studs, the perfumeries, the combe and the
brushes. TTiey qre all there, and that too
at lgrices which place them in the reach of
every one __
The Grand Opening at Tvler's. —We
hardly believe that there has ever been
brought to this city a more magnificent
assortment of fine gems and rich jewelry
than that which Mr. E. A. Tyler will have
open for the inspection of the public to
morrow morning. There are diamond and
cameo sets at prices varying from three
thousand to three hundred and fifty dollars;
lockets of the richest and most antique
gems, enameled gold; every deseriptioirof
jeweled shirt buttons and studs; antique
bronzes, marble and gilt clocks, watches
from all the most celebrated makers—in
fact, a world of wealth in its most attrae
tive form. We spent a delightful hour
looking at these goods last night, and wonld
advise our readers to go there to-morrow by
all means, and enjoy the vision of so much
riches.
Are you going to the Academy of Music
to-night I am.
A good commercial education, a good
handwriting and an aptitude for figures,
constitute a fortune for any young man
php stargi out to fight the battle of life
without capital or influential family con
nection. The best thing for a young man
to do who has none of these adventitious
aids to success, is to go to Dolbear's Com
mercial College, Nos. 164 and 166 Canal
street, and get a diploma. Its exhibition
will secure him a situation and hosts of
friends, with a certain competence, and
probably a fortune. That, at least, has
been the experience of hosts of young men,
who have secured for themselves excellent
business situations in consideration of the
fact that they were educated at Dulbear's.
The new Louisiana remedy from our
swamps, known as Smith's Life Tonic and
Pulmonic Syrup, is attracting much atten
tion. The proprietors refer to many well
known citizens here who have used it. in
some cases with astonishing results. The
works of the proprietors have just been
greatly enlarged, and the demand is con.
stantlv on the increase. It is evidently a
most remarkable remedy, and deserves the
serious consideration of all who are in any
way afflicted or threatened with scrofulous
complaints—a very numerous class, includ
ing that terrible scourge of civilized society,
consumption—and kindred diseases.
Captain Gas Richards, the new proprie.
tor of the Orleans House, on Common and
Gravier streets, understands his business
thoroughly, and, in fact, knows how to keep
a hotel. This latter statement will be con
firmed next summer when visitors begin to
go over to that grand resort, the Grand
Island Hotel, where v Captain Richards will
figure as "mine host," and the rush will be
so great that additional accommodations
must be provided. The Orleans House for
winter and the Grand Isle for summer.
The name of Aleck Deck, to those who
have frequented Hawkins'Branch, at the
corner of St. Charles and Gravier streets,
is familiar as a household word. But Aleck
has taken a new departure, and now ex
pands at Aleck's Honse, No. 61 Front street,
formerly Walter's House, where he spreads
elegant and substantial lunches', and pro
vides for his customers the choicest wines
and liquors, purchased from the frmous
Johnny Hawkins.
THB .PEOP LE'S COLUMN.
OommUnteatione
One* lntariMg Rejected— The MHtor not
Beepotuible for the Sentimentt Erpreued
in the Communication*. I
New Orleans, October 27, 1871.
►Editor JtgjuiiLiCAN:
Noting a feeling indicative of the necessity
of the cultivation of commercial relations
with Mexico, Central and South America,
and the West Indies; I beg to hand yon
clippings from the Trinidad Chronicle, pub
lished at Port of Spain, ot a late date, show,
ing a spirit ot enterprise in the Steamboat
and mining business on the Orinoco river,
as/Uveloped by Americans.
I also hand you a sample of cotton grown
In Guayana, by Dr. K. H. McGirk, late of
Missouri, who says it requires planting .but
oaoe. After the fourth year it has to be out
down to n convenient height tor picking,
and will'produce two crops perannum. He
says the specimen herewith transmitted is
valued at forty-eight cents per pound in
London.
Also, a specimen of native black seed, of
Guayana, Venezuela, grown npou a. cotton
plant fifteen feet high and six inches ia
diameter. _ _ F A. J.
Some philosopher has said that "the
road wealth is economy." Yfe will not
doubt that maxim, but iusist upon it U^at
the road to economy is that which leads to
the store of Messrs. B. A W, Owner, at- the
corner of Magazine and St: Maty streets,
for these gentlemen keep a stock of goods
equal to any in the country, and sell them
at sack low rates that then can be no
economy withofft patronizing them.
CtTT of Mexico, October 71— Mr. Clark,
editor of the Tico Republic*, the only
American newspaper published in Mexico,
copied some articles from the New York
papers giving an account qf the arrert of a
member of the firm of Simmons A Co., on
charges made against the firm as policy
and lottery dealers. The publication of
these items injured the prospects of Sim
mons It Co., who had lately obtained a
grant for a lottery scheme from the Mexi
can government, and their agent in Mexico,
Mr. Mancillas, charged Mr. Clark with hav
ing ottered a malicious libel. .When the
case came before the regular court which
tries press offenses, Mr- Clark was hon
orably acquitted, and the Mexican- news
papers chronicle the fact with great satis
faction, and in very complimentary terms
to Mr. Cl ark.
The president of one of the leading West
ern roads, who resided a hundred muea out
of Chicago, was visiting in Hartford. Con
necticut, when the fire occurred. Be started
from New York on Mondvr evening, when
in the same train he found three ears full
of ruffians and burglars bound for Chicago,
who all paid their fares and behaved so qui
etly that the conductor could not eject
them. Yet he and the president and the
police knew what class ot characters they
were. On reaching Albany the president
telegraphed General Sheridan of foe fact,
and requested a telegram at Cincinnati or
at a point this side of Chicago. The Gen
eral telegraphed that he had five thousand
troops and could safeiy protect all inhabi
tants and property. The telegram was read
aloud iu the train, and most of thffrowdies
got off before reaching Chicago.
A Georgia Ku-Klux journal fays: "Geor
gia's turn will come next." Why? We
presume that not more than two thousand
peaceable citizens have been whipped, ami
not more than one hundred murdered in
Georgia daring the last eighteen months,
for opinion's sake. Why cot arrest a lew
suspected characters in Georgia., and in
quire into these things? Can it do any
barm l If Georgia is guiltless in this busi
ness The suspension of the writ can work
nO harm to her.— V'a*h ington Chronitlt.
The Washington Chronicle has this notice
of one of our fellow-citizens:
Colonel Charles Case, formerly Repub
lican member ot Congress from* Indiana,
and now receiver of the First National
Bank of New Orleans, with his daughter,
are stopping at the Arlington. His former
acquaintances in this city will regret to
learn that the Colonel is suffering from the
loss of sight. So seriously is his vision.ini
paired that he can scarcely recognize his
most intimate friend, unless near enough to
tfike his hand. _
Songs, dances, operatic selections and
sensation at the Academy of Musio to-night.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Carondelrt Street and farralttau City
Railroad Company, office No. 11 Carondelet street.
New ileans, October 33, 1371.—Notice—Subecri
iiers to thu capital stock of this company are
hereby notified that the seventh installment of ten
per cent will lie due and parable at the office of the
company, on the first day of November. 1871.
By order of i he Board of Director*.
oe*9 lot CHARLES \V. SQUIRES. 8ecretarv.
Special Notice.—A special meeting of the
Pariah Executive Committee of the Republican
party in and for the parish of Orleaas is herebv
cahod for TUESDAY EVENING, October 31,1371. in
the hall ef the House of Representatives, Me
chanics' Institute, at 7 P. M.
OC39 2t HENRY" C, DIBBLE. President.
The People's Bank.—New Orleans, October
36. i371.—The Board of Directors, ar a meeting held
this day, having unanimously recommended an in
crease of the present capital stock of this corpora
tion from two hundred thousand dollars to three
hundred thousand dollars, the stockholders are
hereby notified that a meeting will be held on
TUESDAY, the twenty-eighth day of November
next, at eleven o'clock A. M., at the bonkiegbouae
to vote upon the said proposed amendment.
oc28 4t laws* ft. W. DAVtS. PreejffehU
Iran Barge Use.—A public meeting ot all in
terested ia establishing a line of barges on the
Mississippi river will be held at the rooms of the
New Orleans Cotton Exchange, on MONDAY EVE
NING; the thirtieth instant, at 7 P. M. Gentlemen
in clytrge of subscriptions are requested to report
progress during Monday, at the office of the secre
tary, No. 135 Gravier street. JOHN PHRLP.S,
Chairman Committee.
J. W. LAUonssR. Secretarv. oc23
Offlce New Orleaas City Railroad Com
pany. New Orieaos, October 26, 1371.—Notice—In
consequence of the digging of a canal across the
Mctaine road, between the New canal and the
Bayou St. John, it will be impracticable to run the
cars on that road fur about two weeks from date.
Of77 5t _C. B. EVANS, Superintendent.
Crescent City Baak, New Orleans, Sep
tember 37, 1371.—The Board of Directors of this
bank having this day passed a resolution favoring
the adoption of the national banking svatem, the
stockholders are requested to call at the banking
house on or before the thi,7:eth day of. October.
I*. I, and register their votes for o-ag*insf its adop
tion. CHARLES FAURIB^ JR., Cashier.
se30 Im
Office Mutual Aid and Benevolent Life
Insurance Association of Louisiana, No. 120 Caron
delet street, New Orleans. October 25, 1371.—Mem
bers of this Association are herebv notified to at
tend a meeting, to be held at this' offlce, on MON
DA\ October 30. between the hours of 9 A. M. and
2 P. 31. Object of tiie meeting—to vote upon pro
posed amendments to the charter. Bv order of the
Board of Directors.
•"C* 58 __ R. W, YOUNG, Secretary.
Batchelor's Hair llyq. —Tills superb hair
dye is tna hesj in the world—perfectly harmless,
reliable and :nstantanecus; no disappointment; no
ridjCilvOUs tints or disagreeable odor. The (genuine
Wuham A. Batchelor's hair dye prodaces immedi
ate.*- a sp.endid black or natural brown; leaves
tne hair clean, soft, beautiful; does not con
tain a particle of lead, or anv injurious compound.
8oii by all druggists. Factory, No. 13 Bond
New York.
Street,
Jy».iy
LB& 4 L N 0 n 0 E 8
UNITED STATU S DI STRICT COURT.
DISTRICT OF L OUISIANA,
IN THE MATTER OF HENRY SHORTEN,
Bankrupt.
In Bankruptcy—No. IMS. 3
TVTHHREAS, HENRY SdORTEN. OF THE PARISH
7 of East Baton Rouge and district aforesaid,
duly declared bankrupt under the act of Congress
of March 2.1367. has this dav Sled in said court a
petition praying for a discharge and certificate
thereof, from alibis debts and other claims, prova
ble under said act.
Notice is therefore given to all creditors who
hare proved their debts, and to all other persons
ifi Interest, that the twenty-fifth day of Novem
ber, 1871, at 11 A. M. is assigueti fbr the hearing ef
the stole, rad that they may then rad there attend
rad show eauae, if ray they have, why the prayer
petition should not im gyrated- and
forther notice given that the bankrupt will un
detgo Sn examination before Register Kellmrg on
the twenty-oecond day of fetember, A D. 1871, At
11 A* R. rt his office, fcustoiHdiotiaa building.
Clerk's office. New'orteSToctober iBjSfl.
oc39 no4 U K. LOIW, Deputy Clerk.
MATDBAt.Tr or Paw OatuM, I
City Hall, October38, 1STK. j
[No. 1166 Administration Series.]
Be it ordained, That tbs followingappropriations
be sod an hereby made in accordance with the
terms of ordinance No. 1044, Administration sextet:
ray rod Bureau of Wharves
and Landings for ten doya
ending October 1871:
Labor.................. 618 93
Carte—................ 63 00- 680 33
Pay roll Bureau of Drainage fbr
tea dry* ending October 34,
1*71: Labor... 1859 16
Carts............... m to— 1980 16
Pay ron aurveyor's department for ten
days ending October 34. 1871, au
perlntendeats, draughtsmen t and
clisii eirrisri........................ 334 39
Pay roll Department of Police for public t
equareo. labor for two weeks ending
October 37, l*7i....................... 41* 00
Pay roll Waterworks oflb-o, labor .tor
two weeks ending October 37,1871....
Pay roll Deportment, of Commerce, for
wharves and landings, ending Octo
ber 38. 1871........ 77 .7...........
Pay roll Department of Police, fur ceme
teries, ending October 37,1371..........
Tetal................................ei97« 63
Adopted by the Council of the city of New Or
leans.
Teas: Coekrem,8hsw, Delaesiae, Eenrick, Lewis,
Walton, Bouzane,
BEXJ. F. FLANDRES, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. CoxQtisvr Ccsiuca. Secretary. ocM It
153551
•'.jA .:iLl.'irf I
HOTSOESi
137 16
130 00
S' MATOBAX.TT OS NSW OSUAFS, 1
City Hall, October 26, M7L J
[So. 1153—Administration Seripa.],
An ordinance providing fbr tbo payment of the
several accounts therein named.
Be it ordained. That the following appropriations
be and am hereby mode, and that tbo Administra
tor of Publte Account* warrant on tbo Adminis
trator of Finance iu payment of the same:.
J. Root, hauling and spreading sheila, P63t 3L[
Spencer Field, ir„ coal. 1419.
ew Orleans Times, for advertisements fbr the
approved by the Mayor,
asionon fbr
*34 77. i
T. O. Stark, copy of li
F. O. Abbot, coroner's certificates, approved,
10
J. Chepus. criminal jnrv warrants, *46.
M. M. Samuels, criminal' jury warrants, *643.
M. M. Samaria, Coroner jury warrants, *113.
M. M. Samuels, Coroner jure warrants. *7A
J. Chapas, Cormier Jury warrants, *44.
J. Ciispiu, Coroner Jury warrants, *346.
Charles A. Meyers. Sixth Justice of the Pesos, for
f-ea in criminal case* from February 6 to July 7,
1371. *86.
A. Hero, Jr., forests of sole from property hold
ers on Moreau street to the city, *38.
G. P. Fernald. clerk of the Fourth District Court,
fbr cost of salt No. 17,754, city ot New Orleans,
praying for the opening of Moreau add Casocalvo
streets, *378 8ft
Adopted by the Council of the oity of New Or
leans, October 34,1871.
BEXJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. CoaurasT Cum. Secretary. oy*T It
NOTICE TO
HOLDBK9
BONDS.
OF WHARF
Dacc a rasu T or PuraiMK
City Hall, Raw Orleans, October 30, 1873.
S EALED PROPOSALS FOR THE 8ALB TO TH1
city of four "Wharf Bonds" will be reeeivec
at this office until MONDAY, the twehty-ninth
instant, at eleven o'clock.
The city reserves the right to reject ray and all
proposals. JOHN 8. WALTON,
oc2* Jt Administrator of Finance.
SALE OF MARKET RETKKUE9.
Dbpsbtwsnt or Co* if mica,
New Orleans, October 36,1871.
W ILL BN COLD FOR CASH'AT RCBUO ACC
tion, on TUESDAY, the thirty-first instant, at
twelve o'clock M„ in the Mayor's Parlor, City Hall,
the revenues of the public markets for the month
of November.
The lessees will be required to conform to all tbo
city ordinances relating to markets, and frill have
the privilege of collect!
ing the re venue, according
amended.
to ordinance No. 787, as
Accepted bidders will be required to make a de
posit or fifty dollars in cash; for each market at the
time of sale, which shall be forfeited to the eity in
case of failure to complete the contract.
The city reserves the right to reject any and all
offers.
Bids to be made in cnrrency.
Si 2t
Administrator
F. C. RKUICK,
of floinniei
Of Si 2t
Administrator
RKUICK,
of floinniei
tee.
PR OPOSA LS*.
Dspahtmhxt op IwMorussrs,
New Orleans Octo* *25, 137L
ALBD PROPOSALS ADDRESSED TO THE
undersigned will be received at this office until
WEDNESDAY NOON. Novembers, 1371, for grading
oud shelling", with lake shells, Marengo street, from
Tchoupitouias to Clara street; Clara street, tram
Marengo to General Taylor street; General Taylor
street, from Clara to Claiborne street, and Claiborne
street (south able), from General Taylor to Wash
ington street; ia accordance with plan and apeeifi.
tion* on file ia the office of. the City Surveyor.
AU parties making propouais for" this contract are
required to deposit with the Administrator of Fi
nance, as evidence of their intention to abide be
the adjudication, the amount of two thousand
dollars in' cash, which shall be forfeited to the
eity in care of failure to sign the contract.
Bidders to whom contracts are not awarded- shall
have their deposits returned to them on the day
a-'ju-ncatious are made.
No bid will be received unless accompanied by
the certificate of the Administrator of Finance
certifying that the requited cash deposit has been
made.
^The city reserves the right to reject any and all
Bids to be per running foot sail to be indorsed
"Proposals for gnwimgaud shelling Marengo street.''
of id t-1 JOHN CoCKRNM, Administrator.
PROPOSALS FOR FOIIA6L
Chikt Quarter*astf.k'8 Optics.
7 Department of TVxss,
Son Antonio, Texas, August 36, U71.
S EALED PROPOSALS IN TRIPLICATE, SUBJECT
to the usual conditions, heretofore published,
will be received at this office, snd also at the office
of the United States Quartermaster, at Fort
Richardson, Texas, nntil twelve o'clock, X.,
on WEDNESDAY, the twenty second of November,
1371, for fumiahitig and delivering at said Fort
Richardson, such quantities of groin forage as may
he required at that past for the remainder ot the
fiscal year endiug qn the thirtieth of Juno, 1873,
being about—
1.JW.060 pounds or OATS or CORN,
The exset quantity of each kind of grain to be
contracted for will be determined when the con
tract ia awanlad. The grain must be of ths beat
quality, and delivered iu good sound sacks.
Separate bids will be made for Oats and Corn,
and bidden will state th&rate per I<M pounds st
which they will delivereach of the kind of groii
deeded.
Blank proposal* and any additional information
can be obtained on application to this office.
BENJAMIN C.
oc 2 o et
CARD,
Acting Chief Quartermaster.
CANCELLATION OF BONO.
Stats or LoriatAxa,
Executive Department. J
New Orleans, September 39,1371.)
TtTHESKAS, APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADE
11 to me for the cancellation of the official bond
of B. J. Montgomery, as Auctioneer inland for the
parish of Orleans, to wit:' A bond dated May 2U,
1163, in the sum of ten thousand dollars; signed by
B. J. Montgomery as principal and William Barnes,
D. L. Shearer and E. K. Converse as sureties; the
said bond being' conditioned for the faithful per
formance bv the aa;d B. J. Montgomery of hia
duties as Auctioneer aforesaid.
Notice ia hereby given toall persons Interested In
the said bonds to file tlicir objections to the cancel
lation thereof, in writing, in the office of the Secre
tary of State, within ninety days after the last pub
lication hereof.
Given under'my hard rad the seal of the State,
this twenty-ninth day of September A. D. 1371,and of
the independence of the United States the ninety
six', a.
By the Qovernott H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. Faint ax, Assistant Secretary of State.
oclibs
PRO POSA LS.
Proposals for tho Cast Iron Comics of the
United States Customhouse, New Or
leans, Looislaait.
Otticr ot Sr?*n:sTE3tDEjrT, i
i October 16.1871.
S HALED PROPOSALS WILL BE-RECEIVED AT
the office of the Superintendent nnttl IIM., No
vember 15, 1371, for turn ailing, delivering, fitting
and putting in place fhe entire cast iron cornice of
the Customhcuse at New Orleans. Louisiana. »s
exhibited by the drawings and specifications, copies
of which may be had on application at this office.
The whole to be cast of No. 2 gray mottled iron,
C;ean, smooth and free from all defects and flaws
Scaffolding and derricks will he furnished to the
contractor without cost. Ninety per cent of the
amount due will be paid on the completion of the
cornice to each front, the balance on the comple
tion of the contract.
Bidders will state the earliest time within which
they will complete the contract if awarded to them.
All the bids must be made on the printed form, to
be obtained.at this office, and be accompanied by a
penal bond of *25,060, that. the bidder will accent
and perform the contract if awarded him, the suffi
ciency of the security to be approved by tho
United .States District Judge or the eierk of the
United States Court.
The right to reject any and all bids received is
reserved.
Proposals must te inclosed in a sealed envelop,
indorsed "Proposals for Cast Iron Cornice to the
Customhouse, New Orleans, Louisiana, and ad
dressed to COLONEL J. F. MORSE,
ocl* 23 1 -to- Superintendent.
POUND NOTICES.
Dspxsthkvt of Potrcn,
New Orleans, October 27.187L f
W AN BROUGHT TO THR SECOND DISTRICT
Pound, comer of Orleans rad
•treats— M
wSs Creole MABg 80re onleft W*
Which, ifrat claimed within five days, and toe
w ft pobileono
at pou d 011
Vo. 98—OC27 4t
1
I
j
33
16
t

_____'*f <v ___
-it 'Wet 34,8*.
O NCOND DHTMOT OOBKF FOB TIB PARISH
«.of Orieoeer-totiee Is •bombs .gw* to thof
creditor* of this estate and to all other pa tr ons
herein interested to show cause within ton days
from the present notification. If any they have or
can. why tbo aoeoont p>esented by too tutor ad
ministering this estate should aot be homologated
and approved, and the funds distributed in ae
erewtth.
By order of tiia court.
"1-311
M. O. TRACT. Cleric.
Saeeeoolei wf IfoaOet sal JotlrtM JbU3=
'-.No. 34.871.
gr
ECORD DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the
creditors of this estate end to rtf other persons
herein iaterasted tdh h aw cause within ten days
form the present no UesfiM, ir ony they have or
why tbo account presented by the tutor,
—eh administering this estate, should not, bo
molorated and_ approved, and the funds dis
tributed In e secede n ew therewith.
as sc
homi
By order of the eoert.
oc3629no3
Imsu^eolMa i M.
M. O. TRACT, Clerk.
Meh rater—No.
S NCOND DMTHICT COURT FO« THE PARISH
of Orlea^—Notice Is hereby given to the cred
itors of this estoM,ohd to oil other persons herein
interested, to show came within tea dogs from the
present uotifieouon, if any they hays or can, why
the account presented by the administratrix of
thisestate should not be homologated rad approved,
and the funds distributed in accordance therewith,
and the administratrix discharged.
By order ot the court.
oc36 30no3 M. O, TRACT, Clerk.
Eocoootoq of Arthnr Livowwdolo ~No.
34,916.
CiNCOND. DISTRICT COURT POR THR PARISH
O of Orleans—Whereas, Beaumont Llveendais,
letters of'administra
te Arthur Livesodais,
is hereby given to all
>0# cause- within ten
said petitioner should
has petitioned ah. court for letters of'administra
tion on the, estate ot too Into Arthur Uvesadais,
deceased, intestate: Notice is......
whom it may coucern, to sho'-____...
davswby the^rayct of the said petitionar
By orawrof tho Court.
oc2»39ao3 M. O. TRACT,.qitok
(focceortoa of Juaswo iltclotack— No.
17.391.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THR PARIS!
of Orleans.—Fotiee is hereby given to the exod
of this cotote, and to all other persons
....."ibis' ton
(tors
herein
Interes t e d to
days from ths prescat notification, if ray they hove
too ao«-
or can. why.
Jamison, datlva totame;
e ras ed in thi| estate, i
rad appeared, and
acco rd ance therewith.
By order of too Court.
oc33 1630.
Succession of
iBfMt
_ by David
utor of the de
homol6iftto4
fonts distribute* la
M. O. TRACT. Clark.
Foroaudea No.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT POR THR PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice Is hereby given to the end
itors of thifi estate, and to oil ether persons herein
interested, to show eouae within ton days from toe
present notification, if ray they have or coo. why
the account presented by the administrator of this
estate should not he homologated and approved,
rad tho fond* distributed in accordance t hue with.
By order af tho Usurt.
oc35 30 not M. Q. TRACT, Clerk.
Succession of L. JL t'hauvia—No. 34,137,
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT POR THB PARISH
of O rl oa n a —K o tto o to hereby gtyanto too e redtft
ore of tills aetote and to all other persons hereto
totareoted to show eanra wtthtn ton duys troa too
p rese n t nsEli toatto a. If ray they hare or era, why
tho acce uut pearaated by David Jamisso. curator
of this estate, should not bo homotoaatod and ap*
proved^ ami tbs funds distributed is accordance
By order ot fho Court.
oert 1630 X. O. TRACT. Clerk.
LOTTERIES.
jP RAWING OB THB LOVlalAMA
•TATI LOTTBRT FOB OCTOBER 98, IBF1.
CLAES 9*7.
66136
6 38 38
30113!
1 10 371
Tho above drawings are published In all too pits
el pal papers, and are drawn fat puhUe dally atlbe
repmapftha-----
witness our brads ail Bow O ri so n s. Lowtotoai
this twenty-eighth da y of October. 1371.
*i>li«irnlF
_ CoaHBlaol easts*
BRWARfoOF BOGUS LOTTERIES. aoM
rt'ISUM
STATE
LOTTERY
COM PAR I.
Incorp orate d August 17, |36L
OHARLBS T. HOWARD,...,...........PBK3IDRBT.
IHNOLI NUMBER LOTTERY.
SPLRNDID ROHRMB —ONL Y DMU0 HCMRBRR
Capitol Prino....... 9*9.900.
CLASH P.
TO BR DRAWN At NRW ORLEANS OB
Saturday, November 11, 1871
HOWARD, SIMMONS k CO., CantraotoWL
SCHEME:
99.9*0 NeasbeeawTIeffiaie Oely *99
1 prise of 30,>w»to................ 3»0ft*
1 prue of 14,000 la...................... lo.oor*
1 prim of 3noo la—................ 9,004
1 prise of 6.000 1*...,....................
1,088 to....................... ifiO.
8.000 |s............... W
5.000 IS............... 3,I>»
3.000 U.....7......... t.m
1 prise of
1 prise of
1 prise of
1 prise of
1 priaeof
1 prim of
1 priaeof
1 prise of
iSSS
1 ,/M.
1 prise of
1 prise of
1 prison
I prfroof
1 priaeof
1 priaeof
1 priaeof
1 prise oi
1 priraM
priaeof
I prise of
1 prise of
1 prise of
I prise ef
1 prim of
1 prise of
1 prise of
1 prise of
88 priseaat
1*88
1*86
1 *to
1,000
j.OO"
L908
1,040
1 000
1.008
1.000
1,408
1.000
1,008
1 000
1,080
1*00
1,060
1,000
1,008
1*)0
1,080
1 *V.
1,00(1
1,000
soo ore........
tut ore........
pproTlmotion prises......
w.rot
117 prises af
36 Appro
11,098
63,480
13,608
49 pr la ra. amounting to....................*380,41
Whole Tiekete, 3 ft shore* in propertlou.
Prises payahlo without daduetum.
Ordots to boaddrrarad to
CHARLES T, H WARD,
took ban 698, Posteffiee, New Orieaau
AUCTION SALES.
By Chari** X. Portier.
SUCCESSION OF GKORGB D. KAUZ.
8eeond District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 34,877.
B Y CHARLES K. FORTIER. AUCTION
eer—Office No. 35 Exchongs place—THURSDAY.
November 2,1871, at half-post tea o'clock A. M., will
be sold at publie auction, on the premises, corner
of Mandevllle Ana Girod street*, in the Third Dis
trie* of this city, tor virtue of an order from the hon
arable the Second District Court for the oarish
of Orleans, dated October 18,1871
Store Fixtures. Weights. Measure* and all rad
singular the CONTENTS OF TON GROCERY STORE
corner of MsudSville a d Gir*»d streets.
ALSO,
ALL THB PUB9ITTR8 contained in laid prem*
faro.
Terms—Cash in Hnitcfd States treasury notes.
oc21 23 not
By HOTh O Hod gaon.
ELEVEN HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-SEVEN SHARES
CAPITAL STOCK LOUISIANA AND TEXAS
CANAL COMPANY.
LANDS IN OPELOUSAS, STATE OF LOUISIANA
SUCCESSION OF JAMBS McQUOID.
Second District Court for the parith of Orleans
N o. 33,94 2.
B Y NASH dk HODGSON—W. L HODGSON,
lw °rorier street—On
oaiUBDAY November 4, 1871, ot twelve o'clock
rf*» Auction Szchan^e. in
the basement rotunda of the St Charles Hotel, m
tins city, by virtue and In pursuance ef an order of
the Hon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second
District Court for the parish of Orleans, dated An
gu*t 7, 1871, docket no. 33,943, for account of the
success:on Of Jaares McQuoid, deceased, at public
auction, will be .old—
1. Bleven hundred and eighty-seven .hares of
the capital atock of the Louisiana and Texas Canal
Company, with the rights, privileges and grants
thereunto belonging, to be raid to lots of 188 shares
each.
2. THB UNDIVIDED ONE-HALF INTO REST in and
to lots Nos. 1 and 3, and the west half of the north
east quarter fif section fifteen in township ten,
south of range thirteen west, to the dlstr.et of load
subject to arte at Opelousas, fltate af Louisiana,
*34 71-198 acres.
i above canal grunt, which nearly aur
containing 134 71-188 acres.
Within too above canal gram, wmen nearly sur
rounds the great beds of sulphur recently discov
ered. there are about 1 800*88 acres, embracing
some of ton moat fertile aad p rod uct ive lauds to
too State. Pamphlet# containing charter, rights,
franchises, privimmaadadvratarae, withmaaof
great and route af aaaal era be had on auplicatlen
1 A |K* ROfltiMMrK
Ter ms Cash on the spot la United flute* treaa
uiy BMcfr eel 714 3138 net
79m Jfcr m agics
'JJffMHObB FUUOTTRM. PIOMOR* f
■J 4 i n wi
B»on
on ovary SA3
at tho Old Au
•retook—
AGR
OFFRlr
scans, _____ __
SHLSS^r 1
A*nnmms mn» nv mw i w ot
aU fires rt p d s n ot priroso solo.
By Loots Btm Bn*.
SIX HUXDRBD
CARS* BOOT*. MORS A Mi
BRQGABS.
B y LOTUS STERN Sc BR4M—M. 8TBRH
Auctioneer—MONDAY. October 39, ot ten o'clock
A i R, to^ rtr salesroom, ffm.UChapMsa street,
SIX HUNDRED CASBS BOOTS, SHOBS AND
BROGANS, ssoiprisiiig an assortment suitable foe
ten's, woman rad children's want.
Torino—At sole. oc3*
By FlA&d* ip *9 F
IMPROVED PROPERTY OF THB GREAT ROCTR
ST. JOHN, NRAR THB FAOt GROUNDS.
SUCCESSION OP PELICITE BOUM1AU, WHB OP
LOUIS CONTT.
Second District Court for tho partoh of OriabmS—
Bo. 34,643.
AUC
tfetoek 1L. .iu um
at toe St. ChariWAeettoeBieheuge,* St. Charim
street, betwsra Gtaofoc aad Osmmra alsoota, by
virtue and ia punuaaeo to an unler from tbo
Hon. Louis r
triet-Court
bar M, 1871, ^______________
the following fira eri tofi a wBa r ty. to wit—*
TWO LOW or GROUND, situated in foabourg
srarjte Jrssssf^jB&SS
1851. dapasfisd ia tho odfoeW A. Chtopelto, natary
pubUe. The sold tote *6 pound, eaeh, soosrdtof to
said plan, measure, in Amerieaa mnsenre, 31 Wat
11 inches front on Great Route St. John by 30 foot
in the rear, and bare too following dqpthse Tba
No. 9, lOEfirat bnhteiaebmou ths ItaeiwtoE Ho. 4,
and 106 foot 1 lash the side lias ef h*-Hb. tot
No. 6.106 feet l kieh oa tba mlo ot tot Ho. I, aad 1«
fret 4 inehe* eb the other aids lias, with tba in*
p ro re m s nt s th ereon. A
/Terms aad eundlHara Tho pawhasto torttato
*ad a ss um e thopamratof the—mofSWffi. pay
able to equal toaJmllmeati of*44 46. rra*asffiygy.
to the parties tanfoafror named,
dispenssd, from toe time hereto pm
for attotma* tba ogeef majority, or, ifnscs
cipotod, whrajtoybra s iao a fase.ratoo foUawfi^
Mareli. 1373; Braas/couti, on thcThli
137ft Feiiclto Oratl, aa too twaUU
■eartotto CoaU, oa ths sixth af 1
Bella Canto a* too rareath bf-May.
amountstobaar Interest,from thadoyof i
tho rate of right per eoot per annum,
aami-aouuaUy to the tutor af raid ariaor*
Phaser to taka top w re w ia u of Oa a
and too balance ot the prim. cash. The pur
chaser, moreover, to keep the buildings on
said lot eoaotoatly iasatod, to aa araoaat not
less than five hundred dollars, and to tranafisr the
policy of insurance in fovor ot said minora until
final payment] and to ease of foilure of said pur
chaser to effect such Insurance aad transfer, the
tutor of said mtaoca to have the right t* da am
rad to eara of too nonpayment of too res* active
sums due to raid minors, ar say portion thereof,
tho purcharar shall ppy too fora ot the lawyer em
ployed to recover too earn*, which free are fixed at
live per coat aa the amount auad for; the reim
bursement of all insurance premiums advanced
and lawyer's fries, as aforesaid, shall be Been red by
mortgage on the prope rt y said.
Act of sale, t oget h e r with iaterort .revenue
stamps, at tho oxpenac of the purebsrar, before A.
D. Dorloeourt, notary publte.
H. B.—Tho plam of tbo propert y will be exhibited
at the Bxehaags fifteen days prior M the/sole.
Twenty pec eeutia cash will be required from the
purchaser at the time af sate on the amount ef the
ec39 no5 It O 39
SUCCESSION OP MARIE LOUISE LACADONIP.
f CRHITUBR, WRAR1HG APPAREL, ETC.
B Y PLACIDE J. BPEABjAUCnoffBBR•
Office No. 46 Exchange alley.—FRIDAY, Novem
ber X at balf-paat tan o'eloek, will be raid, oo the
premises, Bourbon street, betireenUrsuUaaMd fit.
Philip streets, by virtue aad to pursuance of au
order from the Memorable Louis ltuvignaaad, judge
of the Second District Court for the pariah ef Orleans,
dated October 17,1871, for account of the above suc
cession—
ONB LOT OP FURNITURE. WEARING APPAR
RKL.ETC. N
Terms—Cash. ootLtlaoS
most valuable improved r|*l estate>
CORNER OF UNION AND. CLAIBORXH
STREETS, THIRD DISTRICT.
SUCCESSION OP WIDOW HYPPOLtTB BO UR
Second District Court for the pariab of Orleaas,
No. 34,910.
AOCTIONIB
lY.Nevem
soldottbe
rchangv, on fit, chaitra
rad Common *trseta._by
WO* ww. AOS Ap met VEIUCR
fit. CbtftM AuetiMi Kxchsi
street, between Gravier aad---
virtue "rijn porsuonee of on order from too Hoa.
Louis Duvignraud, Judge of the *—District
Cteurt for tSttjSh of Orleans, dated October38.
1871 for asceuat of the--above succeasten.Tho fol
lowing described valuable real estate, te Wit—
1. A LOT OF GROUND, situated to raw fonbottg
Marigny, Third District of this eity, to the aqnaro
bo-n%d by Union, Mt. John the Baptist, bagatelle
rad St. Avid steMta. measuring 3Cf foot front on
Union stnat by 138 fret in depth, bet Keen parallel
1 raft together with the buUdlagt ami- etbra sir
Widow Bourgoto had avqrtred by purchase from
LraOmtolsfiltomra setprtdid on too
i^thtecU 1 1 11 8 b r r FaUx venTanotaty
3. A CERTAIN LOT OP GROUND, with toe build
ings rad improvements thereon, situated to toe
Third Dietrict of this eity, being the last aoaimt
St. John the Baptist street (raw Robertson) at let
No 331 on a plan made by Joseph Pilte, then city
surveyor, on the ninth of November, 1889, the said
half lot measuring, to French measure, 36 feet
front on laion. between fit. Avid and St. Joha the
Baptist .by 130 feet to depth, between parallel
lines. Which property was acquired by pure hue
by the raid Mrs. Beureotn from Lotos Charles
Kauris rad too hairs ef Mrs. Louis Charles Fourie,
per act dated April 38, 1857, before Laieydoyere
Kernion, then a notary public at this city.
Terms and conditions—Cash.
Acta of rate before Theodule Bulsaon, notary
publie, together with internal revenue stamps, at
the expense ef the purchasers.
N. B.—Twenty per cent on the amount of adju
dication will be exacted at the time of sale.
oc29 uo5 13 19 38
oc29 uo5 13 19 38
By Bhffirifi SRuvinet,
SUCCESSION OF TOE LATE P. MANNE8SIER,
deceased.
Second District Court for the patish ot Orleans—
No. 34,519.
B Y VIRTUE OP AND IN OBRDIENCB TO AN
order of sale, rendered October 36. 1871 to
me directed by the honorable the liti'miT
District Court for the parish of Orleans, in the
above entitled matter, I will proceed to sella* pnhila
auction on MONDAY, October 30, 1871, at eleven
o'clock A. M.. at nr Warehouse, No. 74 8t. Ana
street, between Royal and Bourbon streets, in tom
Second District of this city, for account of
succession, too following described property, bo
ionjrivg to mid succession, to wit—
THREB JERSEY WAGONS, one white horse.
chestnut lu>r*e, two set* harness, complete, coo
lot of second hand tea cream freesers, rad thnro
sacks coarse suit. The whole a* per laveatoryoa
Terms—Cash on the spot
oct7 3t Sheriff of the ParioforoK^wt
By A, BuNtosL
HORSES AND MULES.
*°F and open boggtes, barnora
etc., st auction.
B Y ffm AUCnOEEEE OPPI8B
QiiTto tireet—Will te IJ IT
w 001 artSfrgfo
J-—mm.