ATROCITIES IN CUBA.
proaching Mrs, Aguero, “Madame, I
we tf—
px
ITIES.

(The following account of the treatment of
Cuban insurgents by the 8panish authorities in Cuba is
furnished by Mre. Lila Waring de Luaces who was, for two
years, with her husband, Dr. Lnaces, in charge of hos
pitals within the msurgent lines, Although Mrs, Luaces
bas beon in America suce lust Spring, this narrative has
bitherto been withheld from publication out of consider
ation for the safety of her husband who remained in
Cubs. His estates have, however, been destroyed, and
so great is the animosity against him that it fe now re
garded as impossible to aggravate his dancer even by the
publication of such acts as those given below. —ED. J
fo the Editor of The Tribune.




SIR: On the th of April, 1869, the family of Manuel
A. Acosta was in a hut hidden in the woods on the
banks of the river Canto, in Cuba. As be was leaviug
the place ove day he fell into the hands of so: ie volun-
teers, who bayoneted lnm and dragged bim to the house.
At tbe sight of him deluged in blood, his wife, bis
eiidren, and his sisters set up a ory of horror, .nd wept
aver the victim. But the Spaniards are not men, and
were perfectly unmoved. Manuel AcOR'a Waa not yet
dead. They found a man named Grant, son-in-law of
Acosta, and Grant's brother Domingo, and placed them
all with the ladies in the middle of the column, which
started on the road to Bayamo. It is needless to speak
of the treatment of the prisoners on the way, nor of the
Althy epithets with which this brutal seldiery offended
these helpless ladies. On arriving at Canto Embarcadero,
the blood was pouring out of Manuel's wounds, and the
insults to which the ladies of his family were sub.
jected drove Lim crazy. Ro the savages, to avoid fu ther
trouble, dispatched the old man, and pitched his body into
the river. His wife, in desperation, tried to fling herself
in after bim, but was withheld. The Spaniards then took
Grant and Domingo behind the cemetery and shot them.
In August of the same year Gen, Maximo Gomez sur
prised the Spaniards in Raire, in the jurisdiction of Jign
ani. He obliged them to shut themselves up in the fort
ress. He rescned several families, and set fire to the
town. When Gomez retired, the fpaniards murdered
every family that bad not been able to escape. The fol
lowing September the €panish troops of Maniabon (Hol
guin) retired to Puerto de! Padre, burning their houses
and ramparts, killing all the prironers they had, and de
capitating sercn women and five children. In October,
the Spaniards attacked Ramon (Rantiago de Cuba), and
murdered wll the #ick that were in the hospital there,
These were sipung up to the beams of the house aad
burned alive in it. In November, 40 cavalry gol
diers attacked the Cuban camp at Miglal (Holguin),
which was undefended, and took 20 prisoners. Among
the latter were Carlos Teliez, a lawyer, and Antonio In
fante, a plurter. Those two had thair eyes gouged out,
and then they were killed with the rest. In December, a
Spaniard named Arango, manager of a bank in Trinidad,
proposed at a meeting of the Spanish Casino that every
uban and every member, women and children fueludeds
of their fam les, should be beheaded. The proposition
wus adopted with great applause.
some time in Jannary, 1870, Gen. Pnella’s troops, when
they began the warch which ended in their rout by Jor
dan at La Mina, tool, near Deseada, in Camaguey, Fran
c1ee0 Alonso Ramos prisoner. He was over 70 years old.
They tied bis bands and feet together behind, making a
cirele of his body, and in this position they hanged him
ton tree by lus wrists and kept him there all night. Next
Lay they killed Nim, ent off his wrists, and left him un
buried. Tu the following April Narciso Tamayo, from
the Sierra Maestre, wrote to the Department as follows:
“A month after my three brothers had been killed, the
Fpanfurds assaulted the camp where my family lived.
The first news that reached me was that they had only
Killed my father and my brothers, Juan, Pacho, and Ga
vino, but lately I have learied that nobody escaped. My
mother and sisters were also murdered by these sav
ages.” In the following month the Spaniards, from their
camp at Lus Parras (Camaguey), surprised a little hut
in the woods. They knew that a patriot had been there
recently, and not being able to find him they vented their
rage on a woman who had just heen delivered, and on
her babe only a few hours old. Both were hacked to
pieces, Salvador Cuevas, of Villa Clara, under date 20th
of January, 1870, wrote as follows:
“Some troops came to a ranche at Arrogo Blanco, where
the quiet citizens, Pastor Figueredo and JAntoulo Leon,
Jian, 20 years old, Leonila, and José Celestino, young
santos Medina, Rimon de Leon, and two other children,
The soldiers surprised Hoy just a8 the moon was Seng
Medina and Juan escaped after a struggle, the first wit
three bavonet wounds in his chest and arm, and the
second with four. Ramon de Leon fled into the woods,
and then the brutal soldiers tied Dona Caridad and the
two old men snd burned them alive in the hut, The
charred corpses were found next fas. The atroci’ies
which the Spaniards commit are more horrible each day.
In January they found the wife of Nicholas Chirino, Pre
tect of Seitabo, and her son, 12 years old. The hoy at
tempted to run away, but his mother retained him, be
lieving that the fact of his not trying to escape and his
age wonld save him from the fury of those tigers. Butin
spite of all ber tears and entreaties they broke his thigh
bone with a bullet, and when be fell into the arms of his
poor mother they rmshed upon her, drapery him from
Ler, threatening to kill her if she moved, and then be
fore her eyes mutilated ber boy with fiendish obscenity,
and gashed and stubbed him to death.”
In July, 1570, the traitor Lolo Benites at the head of a
party of volunteers attacked Riito (Jiguam), and captured
19 prisoners, of whom two were old men, two were sick,
and the rest were women and children. They were all
killed, and the corpses mutilated.
In November of the sawe year, after a fight between
the Spaniards and Cubans at La Aguada (Tunae), the
former surprised the peaceable citizens Macias and Man
nel Fornes, They had never taken part in the revolution.
With these victims the Spaniards added to their brutal
cruelty the most fearful blasphemy. They enacted amd
oaths and profanity with these men the fearful tragedy
of Calvary. They stuck crowns of thorns upon the heads
of the victims, whom they made to carry crosses, and
crucified. They then chopped the crucified to death.
In the mouth of October, 1870, shortly after the massa
eres of the Caballeros and the Molinas, a column surprised
Manuel Montefo, a most quiet and respectable old gen
tieman of over seventy years of age, and Francisco Bena
vides, a young man, on Mr. Montejo's place, Ban Se
verino, three leagueg from Guasimal, the scene of the
Molina murder. With Mr. Montcjo was his daughter, a
charming young married lady. When the column came
up, the men were dragged out of the hut, and the old man,
who was very infirm, was seated in a chair. His daugh
ter, with ber arms round the dear old father's neck, as
sured the commander of the forces that ber father had
intended to present Limself long ago, but that he was so
weak aud iptino that he had not been able to make the
sourney, a long one, to the camp. She spoke to brutes,
not men. One raised the butt end of bis musket, and was
about to brain the old man, when she fell across her
father, taking bis head in her bosow, and received on her
back the blow that would have killed bin, Her filial
Jove was vain. She was forcibly dragged away, and the
bands of the old man, of Benadives, and of a mulatto on
the place were bound, The victims were then taken a
hundred yards from the hut, and gashed and slashed and
stabbed to death. The corpse of the mulatto was laid
across the other two, and the savages then returned to
the hut, and told the poor, solitary, defenseless, half
frenzied woman to Go aud bury them if you choose,”
and she did,
In the early part of January last, Mrs. Aguero, with
Ler two daughters Leocadia and Clotilde, aged eighteen
and fifteen respectively, were living a retired life on
their estate La Gloria, distant some four leagues cast of
Puerto Principe, on the Sibauicu road. Mrs. Aguero,
who was a celebrated belle fa her younger days, still re
DSO YORE LO CR I aes Th Lo oy
aver ad quoi it may be, for I know him, and he always
executes, when he can, whet he threatens.” The ladies
yielded, and so these tender women were brought into
Puerto Principe each seated in front of a dirty, low-bred
ruffan, with his arm around her body. The shock Was
too great for the beautiful Clotilde. On resching Prin.
cipe the whole of the lower part of her body was found
to be paralyzed, and Dr. Risco, who attended her after
her arrival, says ho doubts if she can ever recover.
NARRATIVE OF A FORMER RESIDENT WITHIN Congroas has and already wo hogin to
THE INSURGENT LINES—INHUMAN TREAT- th tterings of that storm that the enemies
MENT OF CUBANS BY TIE SPANISH AUTHOR= heat the mueer ucers mansgo to conjure up ns
Rafael de Varoua bad served in the cavalry under
Ryan, and, when the latter left the island, was appointed
to the command of the corps. At the time of his capture
be was on visit to 8 ranche that had been built in the
woods, where some thirty ladies, including three of his
own sisters, and many children were hidden. Guided by
some vile traitor, a body of Spaniards, divided into two
columns, came up and surrounded the ranche. Varona
knew that his hour had come; but seizing hie revolver,
he issued out to meet the tyrauts of bis country. The
women and children fled dismayed. A ballet from an
American musket struck Varona andjbroke his thigh bone,
On one knee he discharged six shots of his revolver and
wounded two men. As soon as his shots were expended,
the Spaniards rushed on him, and slashed and stabbed
him to death. They were unable, however, to identify
their victim; and seizing one of the young ladies, Maria
Aguilar they dragged her up to the corpse, and threatened
her withdeath if she did not divulge the name of the mur
dered man. She professed entire ignorance; she said she
was from Holguin, and knew no one of that jurisdiction.
One of the morilizados coming up to the body recognized
it as that of Varona. The exultation among the ravages
was great. They gathered all the women and children
from the woods, and drew them up in line, and then
tying Varona’s body by the heels to the tail of one of
the horses, they dragged it up and down before them,
his own three sisters standing in the line. In dragging
it, it caught against the stump of a tree, when the com”
wander of the column yelled out to the savage that
was riding the horse which was dragging the body, “Dig
in your spurs, and haul him out of it;” and to the infl
nite amusement of the gang, Varona's head was nearly
pulled from his body, and the stump was beswmeared with
his brains.
Probably in no land and in no age has such a devilish
invention of cruelty been witnessed as that by which
Manuel Garcia was brought to his death, His sole erime
was that he was manager of the estate Triunfo, belong
ing to the Guerra family, whose owners were serving in
the patriotic ranks. Personally, Guerra had never given
aid or assistance to the Cuban cause in any shape. He
was captured while inspecting the fences of the place by
a column of regular troops. They dragged him to a
neighboring tree, and under it they tied the old man’s
hands together by the wrists over his head. They then
attached to his wrists one end of arope, and throwing
the end over a branch of the tree, fastened .this other
end to a stake in the ground. They previously lifted the
old man up, so that when the rope was taut from the
stake across the imb of the tree his fect dangled about a
vard from the ground. Hauling then at the rope near
the end fastened tothe stake, they hoisted him some
20 or 30 feet in the air, and then suddenly let go. At the
first fall both of the old man’s arms were pulled out of the
sockets, The agony was fearful. He implored them to
kill him, but the fiends, gloating in his torments, con
tinued hauling him up and letting him fall, till every
tendon and muscle in his body was revered. This lasted
some 30 minutes, and at lust, finding that life was not yet
extinet, the brutes took stakes out of the neighboring
fence and brained their victim to death.
The Mola family is, or rather was, of the wealthinst in
Camaguey. It was of those “all of whose sons are
brave and all the daughters beautiful.” The men by
experience, exposure, and manly pursuits on their vast
cattle estates, inured to hardships and exposure, the
pictures of health and virility; the daughters refined,
accomplished, and of surpassing beauty, the pride of
Puerto Principe and of Camaguey. All the men of the
family joined the revolution at its outbreak, and the
women went heart and soul into the movement, as did
the noblest of our own in 1776. All the sons of the family
were married, and the two female victimes of the last
brutal assassination, Merceaes and Juana, were sisters—
maiden names Mora—renowned for their beauty and ac
complishments, and married to Melchor and Alejandro
Mola. Alejandro Mola, husband of Juasa, was
lame before the revolution, and received a shot
in battle which broke his other leg, and, being
unable to get away, was deliberately backed to
pieces by the Spaniards. Another brother, Gregorio, had
THOU 0 PItAtucty shattas STU 3 seca t thaw grew sbwseanyg vs  Bav
had been surprised by a large body of Bpaniards, and
endeavoring to escape, his sword tripped him, and the
Spaniards came up and dispatched him. A nephew of
these gentlemen, Julio Mola, was living in a hut in the
woods with his wife, on his place near Las Parras. He
had retired from active service in the revolution in con
sequence of wounds and partial loss of sight. One day
the Spaniards, led by Capt. Obregon, found their way to
the but. Julio Mola, by his unceasing vigilance, saw
them and got away into the woods at tho back of the hut,
Obregon asked his wife where he was, She replied that
being unable any longer to serve Cuba, he had intended
to surrender, but that for fear of Obregon, he had
fled to the woods. Obregon told her to assure him
that he need have no fear, that Obregon would be
personally responsible for his life, Hereupon the
wife went into the woods and called him. He came
obedient to her call, Come,” she said; “the officer in
command bas given me his word that your life will be
spared. You can no longer serve your country. Let us
all go in.” Mola, hia wife, and their two young children
were then conducted to the Spanish fortified camp at
Las Parras. Here they were detained five days; and
Obregon, in violation of his plighted word, or at least to
evade complying with it, handed them over to the com
mander of the fort. On the fifth day after their surren
der they were all ordered to get on Lorseback and pro
ceed to Puerto Principe. On reaehing the estate of Santa
Isabel, the Spanish commander of the column ordered
the wife and children ahead. As soon as they were out
of sight, Julio Mola was told to dismount, and he was
then and there cut to pieces. Not a shot was fired, His
corpse was left unburied, and the murderers rode up to
the head of the column and conducted their victim's
wife and children into Puerto Principe.
The following account of the brutal murder of the
ladies Mercedes and Juana Mola, and five of their chil
dren, is taken from the lips of the little eon of Mercedes,
whom the Spaniards bad left for dead. These ladles, of
whom, as I have already said, one (Juana) was a widow,
were living in a hut in the woods, close to the Spanish
camp at Lazaro. With them were three children of
Mercedes, and four of Juana. Melchor Mola, the hus
band of Mercedes, had been Prefect of Caunao, under
the Cuban Government, but had retired from service.
He did not enter the army on account of his weak state
of health, and had been for many years, alike in Cuba,
in Paris, and in this city, where he was educatéd, subject
to a speciee of epileptic its. The ladies had no servant
with them, and Melchor lived in a small hut, about a
mile from his family. Lazaro ls distant about 12 leagues
west of Puerto Principe, on the Espiritu 8anto road, and
the Spanish camp there was eommanded by Col. Fran
cisco Acosta, a renegade Cuban. This Acosta, on the
very day of the massacre, the 6th of January
last, stopped at the little ranche of the Mola
ladies, on his way from Puerto Principe to his
camp at Lazaro, and asked Mercedes to influence her
tcctand ta nieanaont himaeclf addine that ha wanld ha at
SWELL AAT 70 SE MAE TV CINE WANNA YARN YN YN rye
camp at Lazaro, With them were three children of
Mercedes, and four of Juana. Melchor Mola, the hus
band of Mercedes, had been Prefect of Caunao, under
the Cuban Government, but had retired from service.
He did not enter the army on account of his weak state
of health, and had been for many years, alike in Cuba,
in Paris, and in this city, where he was educatéd, subject
to a speciee of epileptic its. The ladies had no servant
with them, and Melchor lived in a small hut, about a
mile from his family. Lazaro 1s distant about 12 leagues
west of Puerto Principe, on the Espiritu Banto road, and
the Spanish camp there was eommanded by Col. Fran
cisco Acosta, a renegade Cuban. This Acosta, on the
very day of the massacre, the 6th of January
last, stopped at the little ranche of the Mola
ladies, on his way from Puerto Principe to his
camp at Lazaro, and asked Mercedes to influence her
husband to present himself, adding that he would be at
his camp all that evening, and that he would expect to
see Melchor Mola there. At about nightfall some of the
Spanish soldiers from his camp presented themselves at
the ranclie. They forcibly dragged the ladies and their
children out of the hut, and then threateningly told
them to deliver at once all the money and jewelry in
their possession. The ladies replied that they had none,
when one of these brutes, enraged at the dRvapeet of
Jojug thwarted, drew his sword and struck Mercedes a
fearful blow on ber shoulder. On geeing this outrage,
the little boy, who escaped and tells the story, rushed to
his mother and begged her to deliver everything she had,
and save her lite. Meanwhile another infernal scoundr
bad felled Juana to the ground. Then, maddened like
tigers by the blood of their victims, the carnage was
general. Mercedes was struck to the ground with a
fearful cut on her head, and there, weltering in her
gore, she was literally hacked to pieces. Her corpse
when found was one mass of cuts and stabs. The little
boy had fallen under bis mother's skirts, and the brutes
thought he too was dead. He was ouly badly wounded.
Poor Juana underwent the same fate.” There was not a
foot kquare in any Jou of hes body that these flends bad
not gushed. The then killed four of the little
children Suiting them up in Jleces. All this was out
side the but, and when the six) were found the
head of one little fellow wbout four years old wae
missing. Its said that it was carried off on the point
bayonet as 8 trophy The refinement of inhuman
cruelty was reserved, dwever, for the child, a beautiful
little girl, only two years old. The savages set fire to
the hut, and pitched the ri litte soul alive jul the
flames. The worde of her little brother when telling it
were: Mi hermanita estaba vivila quemada. Acosta
confesses in his letter that he heard of the deed that
night, that he heard from bis camp the shrieks of the
women and saw the flames of the burning hut, and
yet he coulis moved into Puerto Priucipe next
morning, without even visiting the scene of the maa
sacre. The little boy, whow the Spaniards left for dead,
got up as soon a8 they left and went into the woods, He
Ktated that twice or three times daring the night he ven
tured out to the road inthe hope that he might meet
somebody he knew. Iu the morning he met s mulatto,
3 Jorier slave of the family, and to him he related what
ad happened. Tie mulatto accompanied the ohild, and
found he mutilated corpses of the ladies apd children,
He then took the boy to where the father wus hidden
{an the woods, Melehor Mola, en hearing the team ful re
cital of these bratal ontrages fell senseless, and died a
few days atterwurd, ‘Fae ladies Merecdes and Jima
Mola were aged respectively ob und “5 vats, Merce
tains more than average charms. Kindly, accomplished,
delicately reared, and still beautiful, she is one of the
wowen of whom Camaguey 18 justly proud. Bat the sur
passing loveliness of her daughters, Clotilde especially,
casts all other Cuban beauty into the shade. With a skin
as white as driven snow, and a prodigious wealth of
golden hair, nature has adorned her with eyes black as
night, black eyeurows, and long, black, silken eyelashes;
a type of beauty rarely met with. Her form
is as perfect as her face. A column of Bpaniards,
commanded by Brigadier Fajardo, the same scoundrel
who replaced Morales de los Rios in Santo Espiritu, ar
rived at La Gloria. The ladies were ordered out and told
to get up on the saddlesin front of the men. They
were to be taken into Puerto Princive. Every feeling in
the bosoms of these tenderly-murtured and beautifnl crea
tures revolted at the thought. To ait on the saddle, in the
arms of such dirty, stinking, brutal, disgusting creatures!
No, they would die first. They declared that they
were ready to walk and along the rough road, with the
brutal soldiery, the scum of the world, jeering them as
they went, thede beautiful and defenseless creatures
plodded for some five to six miles. The whole distance
to Principe 1s about 12 miles. After walking thus far,
Fajardo rode up to the bead of the column and asked of
aun orderly, What is the matter t Why don’t you
get along faster 1” He was informed that the column
was moving forward as fast as the ladies could walk;
that they had declined to ride on the saddles with the
men. What)” he exclaimed, “they won't ride with
my men, won't they 1 I will soon see about that. Halt
the column. Now 10 or 12 of you run into the wo ds, cut
a dozen withes, strip the wowen, and I'll flog them tll
they obey.” One man—perhaps he thought of his mother
sud sister—diswounted, and twost respectfully up
NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 16, 1671 —TRIPLE SHEET.
R 4 F-#

A
j
In her maiden days was the recognized belle of Puerto
Principe, and was oslled La Bella Oamaguepind.
In the early days of the war Mrs. alta hallero, s
wealthy and most estimable old lady, 72 years of age,
was living with her family, consisting of five sons and
several danghters, on her sngar estate Ingenio Grande,
three losgues from Puerto Principe. Her sons had never
taken any active Jarl in the Insurrection, none of then
had ever served the RepubMe in any capacity either civil
or military. In June, 1869, the Spanhi column went 0
the place and took all the sons—three—that were at the
time in the house, The commander of the forcea said
that he had orders to take them into Puorto Principe.
All three were captured without resistance one was an
idiot from his birth, a perfectly harmless, simple crea.
ture. The Caballeros never reached the city. They
were knocked on the head on the road and
bayoneted to death, the idiot included. Their
sole offense was that they were born Cubans, and
wealthy, When the Cubaus heard of the massacre
of Mrs. Caballero’s kona, they sont her word, and fonting
that she might meet similar fate, implored har to leas
her estate and hide somewhere in the woods. Bhe fol
lowed this advice, and with her remaining sons, Juan
and Manutl and her danghters, took Nive at Banta
ADA, a st0ek farm nearer 10 Principe, and league snd a
half from Guasimal. Of her two sons, Manuel was Ying
of consumption in fact be hardly breathed. In to
ber, 1870, body of some 400 Spaniards was sent from
Guasimal to Santa Ana. The family were taken by sure
prise. Manuel, of course, was at home; he wos at that
tiwe too low to move out; and his brother, unfortunately,
was taken also. The brutes tied Juan Caballero’s arms
presence of his mother and sisters. He waa then taken
some 200 yards from the hut, some 300 of the 400 men ao
companying him, und he was there shot. Manuel had
been brought ont of the hut seated on a obair, as he he
too weak to stand, and his poor old mother stood at
side, supporting his head on her bosom. The guard, foe
16 or 20 en, left at the hut told his mother that they v
orders to take him dead or alive. She implored theln 10
have a regard for his condition—he was more X
than alive; but she spoke to brutes in, whom all je
man feelings had long ceased to exist. “At loans, 8
said, lot me get him a cup of broth, or he will €76 0
the way.” To this thoy consented; and as ebe turned to
go into the hus one of the villaing sent a bullet right
through the skull of her son. Pe ball entered his Jere.
head as he sat in the chuir, and, passing out at the ba
of his head, entered his mother’s y on the left side of
the sacrum, It passed down the left thigh, and was ex
tracted three days afterward from the upper part of the
left femur by Dr. Risco, who gives me these partioulars.
As Mrs, Caballero fell she exclaimed, Oh, you have
shot me!” She did not even know at the moment that
the bullet which struck her had killed her poor sick son.
The bullet, Dr. Risco said, was an ounce ball; and
when he extracted it it wae flattened out at both ends,
retaining its original caliber in the center. On examin
ing it, he discovered that, tightly wedged in tho center of
the ball, and between the two flattened ends, were small
pieces of human bone, In {ts course it had not struck
any bone in Mrs, Caballero’s body, but particles of the
bone of her son’s skull had been driven some 11 inches
through the mother’s flesh. When she was shot the
only reply which her exclamation evoked was, Serve
you right for being with the insurgents.”
About the same time Messrs, Juan and Romualdo
Molina were on their cattle farm at (Guaeslmal, eight
leagues from Puerto Principe, on the Yertianiae road,
With them was the wife of Romualdo, a daughter of the
Mola family, mece of Gregorio, Alejandro, and Melchor
Mola, whose murders have already been detailed, and a
little brother of hers, 11 years old, Aurelio Mola by name.
A Bpanjek column, 800 to 1,000 strong, came to the estate,
and not finding the men, took Mrs. Molina into Puerto
Principe. The men were hidden in the woods at the back
of the house. They had built three palm huts in the
woods, one further removed than the other from the
dwelling-house of the estate. A Regio had assisted them
in building these hiding places. He subsequently ran
away, and was either captured by the Spaniards or for
a reward denounced hia former masters. Rusty after
the capture of Mrs. Molina the Bpauiards returne with
the negro, who led them to the third hut. Here the
Molinas and the last of the Molas were taken. Their
corpses were found on the following day but so feariany
mutilated as to be scareely recogniza lo. The gon
and ears of all three had been cut off, and the hody of the
little boy was 80 hacked to pieces that he was identified
only by bis clothing.
Bhortly niter tho ouiroak of the revolution, and be
fore the atrocities abové related had occurred, Mr.
Morel, Cuban who lived a short distance out of Puerto
Principe, sent his daughter, a grown-up woman, into the
city to draw some money which he had deposited some
time Frosiously in the hands of a Spaniard, When Miss
Morel stated the ohjeot of ber visit the Spaniard rudely
replied that he had not got it, she left, and was about
to return to her father’s house. The Spaniard, thinking
ita gd opportunity to avoid the payment of the debt,
repaired to the Governor of the place, and stated that he
had reason to believe that the real object of Miss Morel's
visit to the city wan to bring correspondence from hor
father to certain aiders of the insurgents in Principe.
On this the Governor ordered the young lady to be
brought before him. She had not yet left the city, and
she was conducted to his presence. He then ordered her
to be stripped by woman in an_sdjoining room, sud
after her clothes had been minutely searched, he made
hey puss in review before him and a lot of officers of his
staff, with nothing on her persou but oug¢ undergarient.
New-York, Dec. 10, 1871. L.W. DE LUACES,
THEIR STEADY INCREASE—~THE ACCOMMODA
TIONS OFFERED—THE NUMBER OF LODGERS
AND THEIR CHARACTERISTICS.
The sudden advent of Winter crowds the
Sealy A Wasa “40 aot: PRAAEAR urticaE YE
mendicants, but occasionally poverty compels honest
men and women to place themselves in the position of
asking public charity to shelter them from the piercing
cold. The police stations are regarded as the centers of
rellef, but in wany instances the provision there made is
totally 1nadequate. All of them are misera
bly poor and filthy in their accommodations,
and it is only in the number of applicants
they can sbelter that they differ. The now station
houses, notably those of the Fourth, Fifth, Seventh,
Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Twelfth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth,
Sixteenth, Eighteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-second, and
Thirtieth Precinets, have room for from 25 to 40 lodgers.
The furniture is of the most primitive kind, and ia the
same in the men’s rooms as in the women's—consisting
simply of an iuclined platform, occupying the grater
part of each room. These platforms are well scrubbed
every morping by the doormen attached to the sta..on
house, but the atmosphere, in consequence of
the large number of persons gathered together in so
small a space, is foul and vitiated. Ona close, rainy night,
the steam arising from the drying of the filthy clothing,
and the exhalations from bodies that have been innocent
of the application of water for months, produce a com
bination of smells that is absolutely unbearable to a man
or woman used to deeent living. Many persons in the
incipient stages of zymotic discases, more especially
typhus and typhoid fevers and small-pox, are crowded
in, and nearly all the oschpants are infested with vermin,
It will readily be seen that no respectable person, S30unt
upon Lonpultion, could be induced to pass a single night
in one of these places. Decent people have to take
their chances with outcasts and Jrofetons] mendicanta.
Not long ago an elderly gentleman, habited in a well
worn suit of black, applied for a night's lodging in one of
the down-town station-houses. His isagtage was good
and his demeanor suggested that he had been in better
circumstances. The sergeant in command at the time
told him the accommodations were of the poorest, but he
replied that it made no differcnce—he was penniless, and
must put up with them. The doorman showed him to
‘the male lodgers’ room; but, as the door was
opened and he glanced at the flithy orowd
within, he exclaimed, faintly Jiaggoring back,
“Great heavens, is it possible that human beings
can exist in kuch a place? woulda sooner walk the
streets all night than pass it here.” The sergeant gave
him a small amount of Beer to pay for lodgmes in PY
decent house, and it was su sequently ascertained that
he was on his Way to some rolatives in the East. By the
aid of the poise was enabled to obtain a railroad
to his destination. Recently the writer saw a modest.
looking woman and her two children in the female
Jodeing room of a aown-town station-house. Although
belonging to the poorer class, it was evident that ri
was unused to associating with the half-drunken mendi
cants by whom he was surrounded. Bhe was a widow,
and, having failed to pay her rent promptly, had been
ejected by her unfeeling landlord. Cases of this kind
might be multiphed indefinitely.
THE NUMBER OF LODGERS.
Notwithstanding their repulsiveness, the lodgiog-rooms
are crowded to excess, and frevuently applicants have to
be turned away for this reason. Late at night an applicant
may have to visit two or more station-houses before he
can obtain admittance. In some of the old-fashioned
station-houses, in which no provision was originally made
for lodgers, and cells have to be used, half a dozen of the
unfortunates are frequently cooped up in each one, and
should there be an unusually large number of prisoners,
the lodgers are turned out. Not a night passes but that
some lodgers are transferred from the lodging-rvoms to
the hospitals.
That De pauper class in this Sityiiapgely on the increase
each yous is shown by the number of gora accommo
dated for the past 10 years, as follows: 1861, 119,348 1863,
70,938; 1863, 68,284 1864, 60,929 1665, 64,247; 1866, 115,324 1467,
105,460: 1868, 141,070; 1869, to Nov. 1,135,601; Nov.1, 1869,
to April 5, 1870, 82,607 1870, 141,780. The part of the lust
year given Te Sadly the time that Sitweq froin the
date of the Motropoittun Police pas to the hogin,
ng of the Suaicips regime. It will be noticed that
the total number of lodgers accommodated for theses 10
years is 1,104,648. The Leafs 1863, 1863, 1864, and 1865,
show 8 Fe decrease in the number of lodgers. This
was owing to the war, all lodgers who could pass the ex
amining surgeon being drafted into the army. The nuw
ber accommodated in 1866 was nearly double that of the
preceding year.
The Fourth Precinet lodging-rooms have, on stormy or
cold nights, had as many 8880 lodgers; the Fifth, 60, and
the Sixth, seventh, Eighth, Tenth, and Fifteenth fully
88 many.
CHEAP LODGING-HOUSES.
The ides bas long been eutertained of building several
cheap lodging-houses, in various parts of the city, to ac
commodate the better class of lodgers—these who cou.
afford to pay a small amount for a bed, bus not the'h! h
prices demanded as hotels, sad those casuals of the bot
ter Slam occasionally te he seen within the precincts of a
siaftow ics Jodging. These refuges sould Pe te Fp
self-su ng ns Josuible 68 TaDgin "n
15 ons 4 grb nigh hel i, portion of the LD
of the proposed under of these model Jotiginf-houses,
prevented the consummation of she project. ovis 8
possibility, however, that others may take up the jdes
and sucorsanlly exécute it.
‘The Commissioners of Charities and Correction have
on several ocoustons devoted a porsion of their funda for
feeding the poor. In the Winter of 18614 thousands of
poor people were daily fed as Sie varmus Preolngts, A
forrespohdent wishes to know whether a portion of the

futids TUN 18 Tle denartuent would ol ba wisely
sod hg WMD ROLL potter.
than the hard-board accommodation of the vind [Qe
wight be obtained, and the association of decent people
with the vicious class. who habitually (rooiten! Station

i Houses, wy
THE HOUSELESS AND HUNGRY.
et.
as often as they think 1b PrROCUCREE cara AB
ing blow in favor of transatlantio producers nad
American shippers sad brokers. Among oh
intérests aimed at ia the growiog of wool. Kiroe
teaders have told us during all the years of low
prices of wool that the duties lovied by the National
Government on foroign-grown wool really dopressod
and lessoned the prices obtained for our home-grown
wool. This insult to our understandings they ropested
so often and so persistently that it is possible they
may have convinced ote 92 Shes) ves of $A truth.
It is certain that it mever dec ved any wool-grower,
Now, that the immense stooks of forelgn grown woo}
that were imported in anticipation of the wool
tariff are worked off, and at last we have come to
the realisation of the beneficial eftects of Diogantign,
and the raising of wool is fast assuming the Jropet
place in the industry of the econntry, and prices of
wool have become about as TemuBerdting 8s of other
agricultural staples, the cry in faver of free trade
in raw material is to De raised in the halls of legisla
tion at Washington. I noed not informa the growers
of wool that if it is successful it will be im
mediately fatal to thom, and nltimately most
disastrons to onr whole conntry, and most beneficial
to Australia and Bnenos Ayres.
The following extract, taken from a late New
York newspaper, shows something of the drift of the
attack that is about to be made. The writer is
Qeseriving the woolen mills in Auburn, in this State,
and says
Hore no 103s than 460 oparatizes are employed, nearly
one-half belug onildren, and 650,000 yards of the finest
cloth goods, such us meltons and cassimeres, arc manu
factured yithhi the year. ‘The wool used is principally
from Ohio and Pennsylvania, domestic, and from Buauos
Ayres and Australia, foreign. I had tho pleasure of Bee
ing the Treasurer, who told me, to my great surprise,
that he was sompelled to J oichase froth three to four
dundred thousand pounds of Australian wool last year,
and that the tanff, as it stood, was an absolute nuisance,
without ahyihing to commena it. ‘For,’ said he, grant
ing the necessity of encouraging the wool-growers by
heavy duties on such wools as they can ralee, there can
be no sense in putting a heavy duty on those classds of
Australian wool, which can never bo raised in this coun
try or in any other part of the world save Australia.’
This extract exactly states the false issue that has
all along boen made when the parties addressed were
supposed to be without knowlede as to she facts in
volved. Very liberally, it is offered to grant *‘the
necessity of encouraging the Wool.Groy ers x heavy
duties on such wools as they can raise,” and then the
“statement is made that American wool-growers can
i Tiize  Aptatian WoL caved pnd grow pt i
ar ng untrue 18 8 and a nel
ple is admitted. Australian wool must of necessity
be raised in Australia. No sane man will dispute this
truism but we do require protection against it, as it
is the very kind of wool that comes into competition
with the wools we most desire to raise.
It is stated by this writer that he found another
Auburn manufacturer who told him_* that the ex
quisite fineness of the Australian wool was absolutely
phenomenal” which means, I suppose, that American
raised wool is not 8o fine as Anstralian, and that the
Auburn manufacturer demands finer wool then 1s
raised in this country.
In the July number of The Bulletin of the National
Amrocigtion of Wool Manufacturers, edited by John L.
Hayes, and published in_Boston, I find an ertract
from a work of Yillisn Lathan, published in Lon
don, England, which Mr. Hayes gives as the history
of the Australian sheep. I Propose to use this history
a8 it comes from the manufacturers of woolens, an
therefore, must be taken by that interest as true and
conclusive, as, in fact, I believe it tojbe.
Australia is an English golony, and the English
breeds of sheep were naturally taken there.
u In forming these flocks, the Leicester, Oojawald,
Lincoln, Southdown, Merino, and others, a8 also the
Spanish Merino and Saxony, all took their part, the
English breods giving size, weight of fleece and
length of wool, giving a useful and well-developed
animal as the basis of the colonial flocks, placing
them in the most advantageous condition for refin
ing. Long and persistent refining on this sound
basis with the best English Merino rama (Cabafa,
George I11., the twin Capafia with the French Im
perinl Cabafia, Rambonillet, and the best French
Merino TaIa Rrocuréd regardless of aot) has done
all that could be done in point of bl and quality.”
Thus these tlocks were founded, and they are till
drawing first-class rams at first-class prices” from
tho same sources. Great skill and care have been
devoted to the improvement of these flooks, “the
breeding of sheep has become the most important
rural interest, and, consequently, the most import
ant commercial interest.” The wools of this mixed
race of sheep have become of great value. They are
(Fro a PABA Rly CARAVBEN
specialty, the gros, Hoek fastens bf Spain consider it
equisite to modify their famed Morinos to
with the Australian wool” eompete
n this account it is easy to know just wh
wool of Australia must be, A in vv Aly i: he
case it cannot be finer than that of the Merino, from
which it in part sprung, ‘and toward which the
breeders have constantly been looking as the stand
ard, and from which breed they are yet procuring their
rams, and which is the standard of fine wool all over
the world.
_ Extreme fineness of wool was ones of much more
importance than it is now. Once the far-famed
Electoral Saxony sheep was bred almost entirely
with a view to tineness of fiber, but that has long ago
been given up, even in Saxony. The improvements
in the processes of manutacturing woolens have been
such that extreme fineness of fiber is no longer so
much in demand but if it was, there is no difticulty
in producing it in this country. Whatever our man
ufacturers demand in regard to wool, whether as fine
Mr. Chamberlain’s Silesians, or as long as the
o\gWaids our growers stand ready to a and
e have the soil and the climate snited to the great
est extremes.
The American Merino is the reanlt of a demand
of our manufacturers for a particular kind of cloth
ing wool, in which strength sud other qualities were
of more importance than extreme fineness. Lately
tine wools have been more called for, and if the pres
ent tariff can remain untouched, this demand will
probably jncrease. Should this be so, the growers of
wool will be ready to respond promptly to such de
mand, fr they greatly prefer growing fine to grow
ing coarse grades of wool; and if the time 18 ap
proaching for a new departure, and our manufactur
“ers will pay as well for fine as they will for medium
grades, it will be forthcoming. For such a new de
parture Mr. Hayes asks: What stock could furnish
a better foundation for refining than the American
Merinos 1” There is none.
The writer in the newspaper before quoted names
Buenos Ayres wools aa of those Vmir dy by the man
ufacturers he interviewed. Let us see what Mr.
Hayes says of Buenos Ayres wool,'and of the tariff in
connection with those wools:
*The increased duty on wools of the first-class was
demanded by the wool-growers chiefly to restrain
the importation of the wools of Buenos Ayres, which
threatened to monopolize our markets. The pur
Rose waa accomplished, the importation being
iminished to the extent of over 30,000 bales in one
year. The weakness and general deficiency of these
wools in every respect bul fineness is demonstrated.
(the italics are Mr, Hayes’s.) The American
consumers of cloth have been clearly benefited by
the limitation of’ their use, while they have been
equally benefited by the operation. of the specitic
“duty, which has mad e it more advantageous to the
Sup tulasuuren import and consume tho higher
x d New 2 Son dor and cleanser wools of Australia
r. Hayes edits the organ of th
and when bo gives his bie Rp hy mit i
Sxtrase, avor of speoifio duty, and gives the
8 does, it 18 worth remembering. The pros
ent duties laid on foreign-grown wool were de
ermine by 3 ind omni of rok lyr a
Te ing nationa| i
tions of each interest "rh N i a
Manufac National Association of
Hauiactuters aa, 0 far 3 can learn, been faithful
favor of tho goto wher! \Relr IRtorosts have how
dividual manufacturers of woole
acting from what I bolidve to be a narrow ag!
bhdbagign  grovighed Py SB. thagdied Rati ound, bdide Pi Rh 4 oo CIS wir
wool manufacturers, Feprhsohting national sasocia
tions of each interest. The National Association of
Manufacturer aa, 80 be 1 yo} learn, dosh faithful
0 snd has officially interposed in
favor of the grower ul he their interests have been
at hazard. dividual manufacturers of woolens,
acting from what I belibve to be a narrow view of
their own ultimate best interests, have tried to have
the duty taken off from foreign-grown wool, that
Fhey might, for a short season, buy foreign wool a
little cheaper, shough by the destruction of home
producing interests that would soon follow; these
same persons would find themselves without Jrotec
tion, competing ‘with foreign capital in forei
countries for raw material. Mr, Dodgé of the
Agricultural Dejhrtiuont [5 Washington, 1n his ad.
dross before the New- orly State Agricultural
Boviety, delivered at Albany, February 8, 1871, says:
No wan in his senses, and ‘with ordindry 1ntelifgence,
can Tail $0 sev that the tariff of 1867 has been the salvation
of our shoti-husvandsy salvation from moro complete
and remediless overthrow than awaited the business at
the close of our war with Great Britain a halt pentur
80 LN woe axoaption of premium paid bo
a A exception of the very or
slotha, ThA lustrous comb woo] for a class ot
Vorstads and somelof the pris Mop BRA toady
ulites the wool reglisd for consumption.
ore the war, in shy value of woolen manufaotases
w Pah Soe, 788; after it, in It was bug Ju419.008,
Before 0 recent war, in 1860, thé value waa $88,805,063
after it, fn 1888, it was $173,000 008 two-thirds of if the
product of the wool of the Uufled States,
8. of floods, nover Hate here before, are
arkiow god huperior to those of fereign manufast are,
early all” our conmimption of coatings, us beaver,
Eeqnimeax aad other slotag ate of home msnufucture
under-clothing and hosiery, to ‘the mmount of
$20,000.00, 1s hearty 2) produced at home of a quality de
cidedly superior foreign manny our ingraln and
Slhree-ply fro indoinparavly tter and stronger
than shows Eagush wap acture, which are of material
80 poor and w 3 fy cannot be woven oh power
oom, Nearly half. the Brussels carpets required are
made in this country aud Dow the princely Axminster,
apts ein boosh yd Suspter, Y Laly Sa
a reduction of A (4
nelle ve mionishiug trides have boea made, groat
advances in corinin ca heen tude ies Lgqeia, wad
K uge A hf 4) 8
iy) FART bart ed boi i he ta Krower
Is the extension of raunufacturing into his own vi infty
the greal West, A feature of these fabrics,
Wullhiy of the feciing of contempt (or shams, so ualuiul

TARIFF ON WOOL,
avy APNRCE GEDDES.
to the West, is their om from shoddy, flooks, men
and a for pure, strong, honest woo
Mr. Dodge's sddress is full of the like valuable in
formation, and the wool-growers, manufacturers aud
consumers of oloth of the whole conmtry owe him a
debt of gratitude for the good service he bas done
am.
If Congress will but lst woll emough alone, the
prospects for wool-growing for Jears to come, are quite
as as are the prospects of any other branch of
agrionlfure. How lamentable it is that the assem
bling of the National Legislature should be looked
forward to with fear for the safety of so importantan
interest.
Fairmount, N. Y., November 20th, 1871.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
——aPp———
RAPID TRANSIT AND CITY REVENUE
To the Bditor of The Tridunc.
SIR: 1 have been an earnest aqavocawe OL ule
policy of building a rapid transit road for this cily, as a
‘olty work, I am so still. I see no relief in any other
quarter; I see immediate and.perfoot rolief hore. I know
how unfavorable is the moment for urging such a polloy
now. Our city lies bleeding at the feet of those who
wore trusted by and have robbed her. We are $97,000,000
in debt, and are appalled by vialons of the oppressive
taxation that is beforé us. Yet I am in favor of bullding
this road by the city, and {ncressing that debt by 920,
000,000 more, If necessary, for that purpose. I know how
startling, how apparently ill-timed is the proposition,
and how enrnest and honest 1s the ory for retrenchment
and reform. Itoo am for retrenchment and reform. I
am afraid of taxes; I want to seo the burden lightened
—the taxos reduced, We must have relief. Hence, In
aplte of all the ciroumstances, I urge the building of this
road—bulldingt immediately—building it by the city.
Let me roason regarding it. We are in the position of
a farmer who has run in debt in jthe purchase of a good
farm which will yield him $50 an acre, and speedily get
him out of debt, it he has mo bad luck. But just as he
has got bis fences made, and ground broken up ready
for the seed, his plowman has broken into his till, stolen
Lis money, taken his only team of horses, and run away.
What shall he do? To buy another team and the eced
for his ground will cost $300, and he is already in debt.
A neighbor 13 ready to lend bim the money, and give him
ample time to pay; and it is quite certain that the Suw
mers crop will repay the loan, and leave something hand
some to apply on the old debt. How shall we advise
him? Shall we say, ‘My friend, you are very unfortu
pate. You have no money, and you are badly in debt.
It becomes you to ‘retrench and reform.’ Don’t got {oto
debt any deeper, but lie down, and perhaps Providence will
help you out.” I think it would be better to say: ‘‘Bor
row the money, get an honest servant in your employ,
and put in a double crop.”
The case with us is perfectly analogous and may be
shortly stated. We require, say $23,600,000, to pay our
annual expenses. We pay~it from taxation. Let us
suppose we have only $23,000,000 of taxable property in
the city to pay it with. It is easy to sec it would take all
we have. Let us suppose we have contrived to double
our taxable property, and have $46,000,000. We can then
pay our expenses and have halt left. If we double
it again we shall have three-quarters left. It has so
happened that by building strects, docks (suoh as they
are), parks, and water-works, we have raised our taxable
values to $1,047,388,449, and we aro able now to pay our
ourrent expenses with 24 per cent of our property. This
is our farm. Bo far wo have worked it to advantage.
Our burden lightens as our taxable values increase.
But now one-half our farm 1s yet a swamp and rocks,
producing bus briars and miasmas, (taxes and discon
font). With a very little expense we can turu itintoa
garden, and mako it even more fruitful than the rest.
Let us sea at what expense and how fruitful,
We have 70,000 vacant lots. These have an aver
ago taxable value of $3,000 each, or $210,000,000, vro
ducing taxes, at 2} per cont, of $5,200,000. Bring these
lots now within 15 minutes of Wall-st. and the City Hall,
with means of transit the most comfortable and con
veniont, aud we all know that their value would be
quadrupled—but lot us say only doubled. Wo have then
a tax valuation of $420,000,000, producing, at 2} per cent,
$10,400,000, Cover these lotsa now with buildings of the
class which would surely result from such an improve
ment, and you bave their value increased again three
fold, glving a total valuation of $1,360,000,000, and a tax in
crease, at 2} per cent, of $31,200,000, or more than is now
collectad from the whole city. What has been the cost
of this kind of farming, to the city Say the road has
cost $20,000,000. The interest on this sum, at 7 per cent,
=hich must ba ndded to one ennnal taxation, is §1,400,
000. Tne Increase or rovenue from the lots falvne is
$5,200,000. Tho increase of revenue from the lots im
proved, $26,000,000.
All this upon the assumption that the rate of taxation
remains at 23 per cent as now. But wefjshall of course
have no need of such a revouue as this, By tho practice
“of a better economy than has hitherto prevailed, our city
expenses for the future should not certainly exceed
those of the past, including the $1,400,000 interest on the
new debt, It will be scen, therefore, that the gain of
values thus shown will have for its immediate effoct the
reduction of our rate of taxation to nh per cent, and in
five years to less than 1 per cent. I have sald nothing
whatever about the revenues of the road itself. In my
opinion, this road adapted to the full wants of our city
transit, followed, as it will speedily be, by a compactly
built up city, and stimulating, as it will, a thonsand new
activities, with their attendant trains of prosperity and
wealth, we shall in a few years be able to pay all our ex
penses and provide an swple sinking fund for our debt,
with a taxation not exceeding one-half of one per cent,
beyond which it will never again go,
But, you will say, All this is very well; but will not
the same effect bo wrought, if the work is done by pri
vate corporations?” I answer, wo have wasted 10 years
of ceaseless agitation for private corporations to do the
work, and have loat in revenues twice what the work
would have cost, and not a stone is turned. Snall we
wait 10 years longer 1 Corporatione will do it only when
they have secured advantages and imposed rates that
make the work when done, an Phpiession upon the peo
ple and not a relief. Witness the Viaduct with its 15 and
20 cent fares. A corporation with such powers as this,
with capital to buy legislation and corrupt courts, ounce
fastened upon the necks of the people, will ride that peo
ple with merciless Opiteasion and resistless power, for
generations to come, o cannot afford to “oll uf still less
to risk. [It is the people’s work, It should be done now.
New-York, Dec. 12, 1871, 8. E. CHURCH.

STUPIDITY IN HIGH PLACES,
fl 9 se Mees v UJ ABO ATV PU TsO.
Sik It seems to mo that the press will be
derelict to its duty if it does not enter 118 emphatic pro
test against the shameful old-fogyism and neglect of the
vonerable fossils who have been the medical attendants
on the Prince of Wales. The bulletins thoy have sent out,
daily and hourly, might have satisflod physicians and
thinking men in the fourteenth or the fifteenth century
but they could posaibly serve no purpose, except to help
the stock-gamblers at the present day. The Prince of
Wales, per se, was of no greater consequence than any
other man of his age and stature; but the aceidents of
birth and position have made his recovery or dissolution a
matter of deep interest to millions in Europe and Amer
fca. When medical science was merely the art of guessing,
and not always guessing correctly, it was pardonable to
“say, There 18 a little Improvement,” or There was
alittle more fever,” or There was a slight exacerbation
last night but that time ia past, thanks to the discov
eries and observations of tho last thirty years. Medicine,
80 fur a8 diagnosis 18 concerned, has become one of the
exact sciences. No intelligent physician can afford to
ignore the positive diagnosis. In typhoid fever, whether
simple or complicated, 1t 1s especially important, as
showing from day to day, and from hour to hour, the ac
tual condition and the proguosis (probability of death
or recovery), so clearly that not physicians only, but
every intelligent man, could readily make up their
opinion of jie provable result of the case.
I can make somewhat Rainer by copying (as I do
below), for you a page of a clinical record, now widely
used by the best educated physicians in this country and
Europe. The variations of the tempurative from the
ard of health either up or down, morning and even
ing, or oftener: the daily average and the dally air
feronco in the toémperature, have their special sig
nificance for each degree in typhoid fever and ite com
plications, as have also the number of pulsations and
respirations, Hahificalict which 18 perfeotly under
stood, and which if published four or flye times a day
without comment, wuld have told the public the condi
tion of the royal paient with absolute certainty, and
have prevented the disgraceful stock apecniation of the
st tow days. How long 1s the medica profession to be
dishonored by the incompetency of physicials occupying
its highest positions. M.D.
Brooklyn, Dec. 11, 1871,
[The Blank accompanying the above, if filled out by
the particulars of an individual case, would ive the de
groe-of fover or depression, average temperature in de
grees, average pulse, and respiration, of the patient for
each morning and ovening during seven days. These
particulars in connection with (the age, sex, and condi
tion of a sufferer, from typhoid fever, would undoubtedly
give b physician a very clear conception of the degree of
danger the patient might be in.—Kd.|
"A MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT.
To the Rditor of The Tridune
y TL ee——
DER 1 ARTE UTM ITW 0 vowing crue sus
goatlony for tho purpose of bringing before the people of
Now-York an ideaof a city charter which would be
truly metropolitan in its charsetor and designs, and with
the hope that they may cloit an expression of opinion
which could not be otherwise than advantageous.
4

T would include under one charter the City and County
‘of New-York, the County of Kluge, the part of @ie County
of Queena west of and Including the town! of Jamaies,
sud sg much 6f Westchester Cotuty dy is already virtu
LY LU)
Fm et ot LT ARE A
bined torritories would be foried und managed in all its
departiaents on the principle of the Cougress of (he

When they do have a municipal frand in

Bostan thoy make the most of it. Somebody engaged in
digging down Fort Hill in that city has been swindling,
and the city government has published a book of 190
pages on the subject, to the ig emolument of the
‘ity Printer. At this rate, what a library of publie
documents we could get up in New-York!
A Western woodsman recently found bim
self helplessly pinned to the ground by a prematurely fall
ing tree. He was a great distance from home, and in a
few hours would donbtless have died from the pain
and exposure, had not a little whining our who had
missed his master, and tracked him to his wood prison,
begun a mournful howl as a possible relief from the
dreary monotony of the situation, This suggested to the
sufering man something of the story-book kind, and call
ing to his little pet, he smeared his ShagRy face with
blood, and bade him return homes for help, The little
‘oreature evidently realized tbe Importance of his mis
sion, for he trotted homeward forthwith, and breaking
in upon the astounded household, gave the first alarm,
He led the way back to the wounded man, and in an
ecstacy of whines attested his satisfaction at the deliv
erance,
i
A new feature of the Woman's Rights Move
ment presents itself, away off in Spain, however, so
that it is not certain that it will have any influence upon
the Suffrage-Without-Distinction-of-8ex Question in this
country, Heretofore, the men of Spain have meanly
monopolized all the honor and glory of contending in
the bull-ights; but now two young ladies, burning for
distinction, bave entered the arena at Madrid, and have
handsotels slain not less than three ng Novy dan
gerous bulls. And what harin was there in their doing
this? If in Spain or anywhere else it was proper for men
to kill bulls, and not only profes but honorable, why
should women be exclude m this noble field of
humuene tion? And if woman can gloriously figure in
o bull-figh., may she not be able to do the State service
of a certain sort by cracking crowns in the scrimmages
of a New-York election
“The Duke” is the best described man who
has been before the public since the Prince of Wales was
pictured by the reporters. The Boston Post informs us
that the Duke’s stature is six feet two inches; whiskers
auburn; mustache dainty; hair curly; teeth pearly; nose
regular; eyes large and mellow; lips soft and velvety;
while his hands are of a size proportionate to his frame,
though his pedal extremities are no bate than the aver
age of those of the wale gender’—which 18 an importang
tact, it it be authentic And what doses the reader think
of this as a specimen fine writing in the sume news
paper? Of the theater 1s said, The scene awaits the
resence of the Prince to blossvm in a Sorgrous trans.
vio into a rythmic festival of igh and music and
splendor, set in a bright frame of international em
en Blossom in gorgeous transformation into a
ryth festival of light and wusic and spicudor is
whau  v be called good.
The Cambridge students, upon the occasion
of the visit of t'e Duke, proved themselves to be bug
second-hand and sorry jestcrs after all. They rent an
order, purporting to come from the President of the Uni
versity, for thirty-five carriages to be in the college yard,
and the vehicles were there on time. There was also un
order forwarded to a we -kmown caterer ot Busta Jo
bring to Cambridge a dinuer for 128 Petal, Waite
wero dispatched in advance, aud 8o the fraud was dis
covered pry This course sort of lying, or forgery,
has nothing original about it; itis only a poor imitation
of Theodore Hook’s Berners-st, hoax. Boys will be boys,
even though they have been regularly matriculated. We
need not expect premature anliness in Freshmen or
Sophomor.s; and if Alma Mater should resort to the
sweetly simple style of corporal punishment employed in
aps these lads would have only themselves to
blame it they should find their sedentary pursuits for a
time uncom: fortable,
Louisville people are very unsuspicious, and
apparently consider a salary of $1,000 a year amply
euficient to meet th: most Javish extravagance. A
clerk in the Post-Ofide received only that amoust, and
although he sported dismonlls lke a willionaire, and
squandered monoy without stint upon fast horses and
fast women, no one period Mm of dishonesty. He
acted as general money-lender to his fellow clerks, yet
no one questioned how be could spend so freely a RA
always hive manev. Complaints of valuable letters
being lost in thgmalls were frequent for a year before
any quiry made as to the cause of their disappear
ance, A wajeh Was Rually set, and the dashing «ierk
Was detec ght aot stealing lever letters. of
50 await
course ho wae BITCH not Dave iting cof
concerved if his employers had ve detected his
net discernment on \bly have saved a lye
which uow [Fret cement, with no
We have the bare giinouBeein. ARIgywen IB
particulars, that seven young \rage Which does them
the vicinity of Boston, with 8 with the sub
great credit; have amrained cy or hereon this
Ject ot «Spiritual Bclence, «gpiritual Bclence” bO
Winter in seven towns. M,byol “Spiritualism,” tbe
meant what is Yulgarly kno P because that
ment is all the ioaaiag, iguorsnt and
matter as $00 long been in A s been to make
ei so ene man lls SENS T
Fiore far vo Nitle law of Bath
opoerni which wa @re muddle
ps ng wo pave lapsed
oe of of materiality
1 the worid nas
arian 2outie
ie Inte Hn ore sSpivituali or
not
eS vomotiuies called Bpiritism” ul iil

United States, only with this difference, that 20,000 inbab
itante should be entitled to one repraseniatire In the
House, and 60,000 mbahMtauts to one The Mayor
should be lothet by. batict in each repsescntative dis
trict, one-half o tach triot neces
sary £0 his election. No man shou £86 erosted to office
in the sity ernment unless an owner ia [ee
simple Ban worth of veal and
so certified six menths before Flor tho ofa
of Benator the qualification dbe in a Hanjol
id Kvery man und woman,” geiriug Aut ir, t
worth of real estete, free from shoul
be entitled to a vote, provided they have ved in the
city two months, and registered in thelr oleotion district.
No one should be entitled to vote at any election for
Henators or Representatives witbon having jaud direct
taxes of $60 or poll tax of 86. Phere should be a special
registry law for the city without reference to the State
rlectivia) thas no man or womso Bhovid LS, Sijoss
registe 30 days before t. election. lecuions
sould be held on the second Tucaday 0 April every two
cars, The term of office s! Ay for s Reprosents
ve, two rs; for 8 Senator?
AR oe pars, No offioel sbould be eligible for re.
eleotion until the iapee of period equal to his term of
office.
gh sware that such a charter would meet with ve
arent tion, because it would obliterate a numbdée.
Ee Fa aiiad rm ft
system of vernment, aud their followers re
peatert nd Ballob-box stuffors beeanse it wonld reduce
he combined expenses of government one-half, and pep:
sate the city from the State elections because it would
require the members of the varions Boards appointed by
the Bator to be confirmed by the Senate, and the ews
en be 4 both branches of the Government. Bus
should such a charter and such a Government ever be
secured, I aw persuaded all embraced in the metropolis,
and particularly the propertv-bolders and the tax
payers, would be inestimably benetited. C.
yew- York, Dec. 3. 1571.
rr
CHEAP TELEGRAPH TOLLS.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: I am constrained to call attention to
the unwarrantable and oppressive rates of telegraph
companies where there is no opposition. I had occasion,
to-day, to telegraph to three different direct and easy
“points, and the charges were as follows
10 words to Philadelphia, distance 316 miles... $1 28
10 wor la to York, Peon., distance 232 miles........... 1 4
10 words to Marysville, Penn., distance 196 miles...... 130
I fud many places, where thers are opposition lines,
from which 10 words can be sent for from 20 to 30 cents,
for about the same distance. Jt seems to me that if tele
graph companies were wise they would only charge fair
rates; and, if they consulted their own interest, they
would court business by reduction of rates. Most busi
ness men would prefer sendioi telegraph dispatches
daily to writing letters, if it be done for a cost of
say 20 oents each, as the time spent in yung would be
wortn twice that amount, while the ginate in doing
business, and the speedy return of capi would soon
repay the extra investment. Business men would soon
educate themselves to condense, and all ordinary bus
ness could be intelligently communicated in few words.
Telegraph men, reduce the rates, increase the business,
and make money. E. GCULICK.
Starkey, Yates Co., N, Y., Dec. 1, 1871.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: The letter of E. Gulick from Starkey,
Yates County, N. Y., complaining of the unwarrantable
and oppressive rates Which he has paid for telegraphlog,
has been duly received. We are much obliged for the
opportunity of stating the facts of the case, which dis
pose entirely of Mr, Gulick’s charges, at least 80 far as
we are concerned.
He claims that he has paid for
Ten words to Philadelphia, distance 316 miles......... 81 35 v
Ten words to York, Pena., distance 232 miles......... 110
Ten words to Marysville, Peann., distance 196 miles.... 150
In reply I would say
First: The office at Starkey, Yates County, is not upon
our lines, but upon the lines of tbe Elmira and Canan
daigua Raliroad Company, which connects with us at
Elmira. ll de mp =m aT
Second The tariff from Philadelphia, York, or Marys
ed Starkey, Yates County, both for the Railroad
Cowpany’s line and for our line, is only 81 for 10 words in
cach case. Any excess over $1 which Mr, Gulick paid is
due to the fault of the operator at Starkey. He is not in
any manner under our control
hird The tariff of the Elmira and Canandaigua Tele
graph line from Starkey to Elmira is 35 cents, for a dis
tance of about 30 miles, The tariff of the Western Union
Telesraph line from Elmira to Philadelphia, York, or
Marysville, is only 65 cents in each case. It appears,
therefore, that the tariff over the raflroad line is in this
case more than three times higher, in projurtion to dis
tance, than the tariff of the Western Union Company.
Fourth I consider our rate of 65 cents from Elmira to
the points named as low as the business will justify. It
{8 unnecessary to point out that between large and im
portant offices, handling great number of wessages, We
can afford to do business at rates much lower in propor
tion than between small places in the country, where the
number of messages i8 necessarily limited and the busi
ness barely pays expenses.
GEO. HI. MUMFORD, Vice-Pres’t.
Ereentive Ofice, Western Union Telegraph Company,
New-York, Dec. 9, 1871.
GENERAL NOTES.