Troublo nt Twenty.
Doos tlils eccm strango to you, my own bcst
fricnil,
That I, who ycsteiday r.ito back liko no
Too surely lnpslng to tho Htrngglo'B cntl,
To-day cnn draw dwn rapturo from tho sun,
And drink tho blnzing bltio abnvo mv head.
And flx my Biglit upon tho thicl;-ride;ed hllln,
Till thoir Biiia-cnicly-Htrcngtlicninir bcauly
illls
My heart and fllrikim a spring into my trcail?
My youtli haB rison up in mo lilco a sea,
To swell abovo tho falnting want of hlm
Whoso faco and lifo nnd lovo aro far from mo
And on tbiH Bca a Bbort switt whilo I swim
I lcft liiH pictmo un-luoiiKht-forlh to-day,
Tlio bettcr to bar ont tho blanlc of lifo
Without him yielding youtli an cvenor
Btiifo
With ttorrow and casual victory by tlie way
Has como to youtli. This thing but fcebly
comofi,
Tliin Btrcngtb to east nsido tlio knawiug
pain j
Forswiltand emddon a burning clinniBlmms,
And wliclniH tlio Bhort rcsistanoo of invbrain
And off I mnli, and Bct tho trcmbllng koy
Within tho loelr, and Biiatch tho picturo ont,
And drink tho light tho fcatmos sliod about,
Aiidlmg tho banisliod pain agnin to mo,
You bco mo now with rapid foot, and eyea
That lalto tho buii'h bread laugh and' laugli it
back
But all too fioon tho wcakncHs will ariso
ffcak wish to strilto anowthotoilsomotrack
Tho danco will Ily my fcut, tlio light will fall
Out of my oycB, and I nhall fctch in hasto
His faco onco morc, and hold thc pain cm
bracod Tho prccious pain. tho woret, best thing of all,
NINETTE, THE QUEEN OF TIIE KISO.
Tlie managcr had tcndercd tho scrviccs
of tlio company for a bcnclit to a hospital
which nceded lunds, and tlicro was cvery
prospcct of a fashionable, as well as a
crowdcd house. Nincttc, our cqucsttian
quecn, liad cntcrcd moro fully into tlio
spirit of tlie sccne tlian any of us, although
wo were all morc tlian anxious to makc
thc .ill'nir a great success.
How I lovcd Ninetto! So oddly, too,
tliat sonietimes my own love almost be
wildcrcd mi'; its persistcncy having no
hopo in it, yct its hopelessness having no
dcspair. It was a love tliat never was
jnovcd liy her indiHeience or scorn, nnd
novcr weakencd by her contempt. Sho
was pi'oud of her owu bcauty and of hcr
powcr over us all, and sho novcr attcmpted
to liide this ncvcr doniincerinK over tlie
female jicrformcra, who were all oldcr and
plainer tlian herself, bnt doinincering most
despotically over evcry malo pcrformcr in
tlie circus. l!ut she did it so prcttily and
bewitcliingly tliat 1 was not tlie only onc
who liad laid his love at lier fect to be
tramplcd on at lier girlish plcasui'c. I liad
but poor henlth tlien, and tliis was onc
source of Ninettc's mcrry sarcam.
We movcd into thc dimly-lighted build
ing which surroundcd thc tent, and looked
in at tlie perfonnance.
Tlie circus is crowdcd," Ninetto whis
pered, as shp sauntercd ont with me. 1
hardly evcr renieinber our having sucli a
crowd, Ricardo."
And I liope wc never shall have it
again," I pautcd, unlmttoning my coat.
"Thc place is stilling."
Oh, I liopc we shall," sho laughed,
mcrrily; "I should like to see hundreds
turned away from tlie doors, and no room
lcft inside even for onc eliild morc."
1 wcnt into thc ring amid tho deafening
applauso of thc crowd, and, bowingslightly,
walkcd coolly across tlie ring. I Iheught
nothing of thc mass of faces ri.-ing in rows,
but I rcmembered that Ninette could see
mc, and that she liad said I was hclping in
a good cause. I felt that I had performcd
as l had hardly ever performcd before, and
the long applauso was again and agaiu
renewed as I lcft thc ring. What would
Ninette say Would she congratulate
me? PasMiig through the dimly-lightcd
building outside the tent, where thc horses
waited, I caugbtsightof two (iguresstand
ing asidc in thc shadow Ninette and a
gentleman, an army olliccr wliom I had
mct that morning talking low nnd ear
nestly. I had often notiecd him in tlie
circus and noticed his cvidnnt admiration
of Ninette, nill I had novcr sccn him out
there among us before, and I started as 1
came up to them in the gloom. Ninette
carclesoly tumed licr eyes upon me for a
moment, tlien wcnt on. talking; coquet
tishly nnd llippantly it scemcd to me. 1
took her horse from the nian who was
bringing it fonvard, and inyself led it
toward hcr.
Are you rcady, Mlle. Ninette I
asked, my voice troinbling against my will.
"llcady? WhyV she inquired, with
blow contempt.
Allow me. 0, pray allow nic, Jlade
moiselle," oxclaimed the stranger, starting
forward. And Ninette, &niiling, put licr
foot into his hand.
Seating hcreelf in tho saddle with the
utmost case, she carelcssly, as it secmed,
backed Black llawk against me. Signor
Ilicardo," slie said, haughtilj', is this the
spot where the gcntlcnicn of our company
usually rest bctwecn thcir cxerciscs in the
ring?" An ironical answer rose to my
lips, but I withheld thc words.
Stand back, if j-ou plcase, Signor.
Must you nhvays followme'? always haunt
me Stand back."
With a quick chango of voico and abright
slry smile. she bent to take ber little
gildcd whip as tlio ofliccr handed it to her.
Thanks, Monicur lc Capitainc." And
whilo she bent gracofully, and socmcd to
be only stroking the neck of the splendid
black horse, she reined him in, skillfully
and imperceptibly, until he touchcd my
Bhoulder.
I turncd away without answering and
for the lirst time Ninette jierformed with
out my eyes following hcr graceful motions.
The strange gentleman moved to tlie open
ing into the tent, but when she rode back,
flushed and triunipliant after her success.
1 I 1 r. i 1
iic came iorwam again cageriy. siie drew
up her lissome little iigure witli a dash of
odd pridc, nnd turning Ulack llawk ranidlv
aside, sprang to the pround unasiistcfi.
Her nart was nlayed for that nicrlit. and.
whilo ta loud clapping within was con
tinued, she walkcd slowly out into thc
darkness her long crimson habit over her
arm, hcr little cap ptishcd from hcr bright,
excited face, and her eyes raised to the
young officer who walkcd beside hcr.
Ai'ter that, idl is a burning confnsion in
my brain until onc cvcning when 1 awoko
to consciousness in the hospital for which
I had becn performing, and hcard the physi
cians (who had seen mc fall, and had at
tended pityingly upon mc cversince) whis
pcr that all would be wcll in time.
Kicardo, dcarfellow," said the manager,
coming forward softlr, and bending to
whisper to mc, Thank (iod all will be
wcll. Tlio worst is over."
I hardly know when the knowledge
dawncd upon me, or how but as I hy
there my old companions clustering round
mo 1 knew that 1 had performcd among
them for tho last time. I knew that life
had niost wondeifully and mercifully been
sparcd mc but that I sliould never walk
again. I do not rememberth?tthcknovl
edgc came with any sharp or bittcr pain
I think it was a quiet, hopeless conyiction
from the first. Tliey had givcn mcasmall
room in tho hospital to myself; partly to
sparo othcrs thc sight of my sutfbrinp;
partly, pcrhaps, because I had hurt inyself
in their cause.
So the days and nights passed on and
slowly, slowly brougbt me a little ea?e at
Ono moraing Monsieur, cntering my
room with a brighter faco than usual, told
mo Nino'to had como to mjo mo. I felt
tho blood rush into my wan faco iw I took
hcr littlo warm hand in both my own.
Oh you aro so much bettcr, Ricavdo,"
sho said, her small lips trembling a little
ftq ltn lnrtt'Ad nl mrv Wa olinll tnnn linvn
you back in your placo among us."
1 shook my head slowly. Never again,
Ninette."
Why?" she asked in feigned astonMi
ment.
I shall ncvcr walk again anywherc, I
think, Ninette; certainly noton tho vibrat
ing wirc. I know I must be a bo lamo
all my lifo; and T'm trying, as I lio hero,
to gct accustomed to tho thought, and to
feel prepared."
"No! no fiho cricd, quiekly. "Don't
try to get accustomed to it, Ilicardo. Try
to think of getting wcll, and that will help
you to do so."
Will it Thcn I will try," I answcicd,
struggling with my sadncss. When do
you leave hero
"Leavo hero? 0, I don't know. Not
till you are well, I sliould think. WTy,
Ilicardo," she added, as I sinilcd incredu
lously, "dont you know tliat to-night wo
aro all going to perform for j-our bcnclit?
You've not hcard, you say Why, wliat
has ironsicur found to ta'lk to you about,
then, for he talks to mc of notliinjr clse?
1 wish I could havc brought you onc of
tno cnormous bills, licailcu Jticairios
Uencfit,' in letters as large as inyself. You
nlway.s were (ond of reading your own
namc in tho bills, wcrcn't you
Ycs with yours,"Ianswcred, intently
watching tho bright face.
Wcll, you would havo pecn niine, too,
to-day, in letters almost larger, for l'ni
going to ride."
Of course," I answcrcd, with a faint
Binilo, whilo I wondcrcd a little at thc
sudden change in her voice. What audi
enco would tlicro be if you did not, Ni
nette?"
None," she laughed. You must wish
me succcss befoie I go away. JJut here's
Monsieur como to dismiss me. I've bccn
tclling Signor Ilicardo," sho addcd, as- tho
managcr joined us, various particulars of
his beneiit. How very willing we all give
our servires. How all tho town is patron
izing us."
"And did sho tell you." asked Mon
sieur, with n plca?ed and cxcitcd look,
"how 1 od'crcd to doublc tho price of
admssion if anyonc would promise a nov
clty and how she herself imniediatcly
iiropo'cd to iierform her Moorish feat I'll
sliow you onc of thc handbills. Heie it
is: "M.lle. Ninette, thc cqucstrian qucen,
on her magnificent stccd llUtck Hairk,
wi
1 1)
"0, no, i! you must not lct hcr," I
cxclaimed, in hasty fear. Oh Monsieur,
it is niost rash and dangerous."
Monsieur smiled as he put the handbill
back Into his pocket, and Ninette arosc
with a vexed glance aeross at him.
Po forbid lier to do this," I cried again.
"Mlle. Nincttc is such a suporb horsc
wonian," tho manager said, "that if she
fcels she can accomplish it safely and bril
liantly, I fecl it too. And it will make
to-niglit's jierfnnnance an unrivalcd success.
She has done it before, you know; and a
gorgcous and unprccedented triumph it
was."
H is a williulriskingof life," I falteicd,
tho tcars starting in my wcakness. "1
shall be miserable."
I shall not," laughed Monsieur, rising.
"I have too much confidcnco in Ninette."
Don't think about it at all, Ilicardo,"
Ninette said, giving nie her hand as she
prepared to leave. "I sliould never havc
told you myself, because 1 know how
invalids worry themselvcs about the safest
and most trilling things. I havc made up
my mind to do it, and lilack Ilaick under
stands that same entircly."
"Oh! do not veniurc it, Ninette," I
whispcred, appealing to her in bittcr car
nestncps. Say j-ou will not."
No for I musl," she answered, laugh
ing lightly, though she .poke with odd,
sicauy quieincss.
Thcn I covcred my eyes with mv feeble
liands, and lct the tears (low on.
"1 shall como in and seeyou before the
pcrformance," Ninette said, after a little
dismal jause.
Will you, Ninette I asked eagcrly.
as 1 battlcd with my cowardice. ''Will
you conie in jnst as you go
1 hardly know about that," she an
swered, with a quaint, shy smile.
Monsieur had lcft tho rcom then, and
Ninetto was standing opposito me, about
to follow him.
"Ninette," I said, slowly, as I feasted
my eyes on her sweet face," "when I saw
you first you wore an old black habit,
quite rusty, I remember; and you had a
hat in your hand, with a long scarlet pluine
almost touching the ground. And how
ever I have seen you sincc, you havo al
wa. s bccn to mc as you were that day
and you always will he, dear."
"I renicnibcr tliat old vclvet habit," she
laughed It is a superanuated aiticle
now; and what did you think ofme then,
Ilicardo
"Just what I think now."
She laughed again, but herstcp was so!t
and lingering when she lcft me.
Until cvcning I lay and thought of hcr
picturing the beautiful little figure that
would como to me in its gorgcous theatri
cal dress. The twilight glidcd slowly in
to my silent room, and thcn I lay and lis
tencd breathlessly, forl knew she must
eoine soon now. Yet so noiselessly she
cntered at last that even my waiting cars
could scarcely catch the light step. With
out a word she shut thc door beliind her.
Then she stood lookingat mo; her red lips
parted with an irrepressible smile, and her
eyes brimming over with fun. But she
was clad in no gay, unusual drcss; she
stood there holding up in one hand the old
black habit from the other dangled the
little hat with its scarlet pluine; and her
head was only crowncd with its bright,
fair curls.
"Ninette," I said, breaking my wonder-
mg silence, "sccmg you so, l feel a. if,
through all the years that I lie helpless. I
could drcani that you have been to me all
that I wildly dreamed you might be when
I saw you so for the lirst time. Thank
you for coming as you arc but you will
have to change your drcss again, you ridc
in such a diHercnt costunie."
The color rushcd to hcr chceks, and her
eyes grew hot and dark.
''Ycs, very difTerent; but cannot you
think of me always as you sce mc now,
Ilicardo as you saw me first? Tho peo
ple arc passing the hospital gates in crowds"
she wcnt on tnrning and Iooking through
thc window I expect a fuller houf e than
we over had in Kngland. It is for your
sake, Signor."
I wish I thought so," I said very earn
cstly; I wish I did not know thcy go to
seo your wild nnd 'daring lenp, Ninette.
How tcrriblo it will be to witness for
those who lovo you
She laughed a low, quick laugli, but did
not turn tome.
You aro thijtking of Captain Attcndant,
I darc say, Ricardo? But you nccd not,
for I havc never spokcn to him smco thc
night you fell and I never shall again."
A wild, proud joy sprang up in my
heart. Ninetto," I cried, ''mydarling,
turn your face to me. I am so helpless
hero, and shall so soon losc tho face I love.
Como to me for these few precious moments"
Very gently she came up to me, nnd
laid her cool hand on my forehead.
Sho bent her head, and as I laid my
weak fingers on tho soft curls, one deep
sob shook the little kneeling figure, but
when sho roso hcr eyes wcro very bright
beliind their glistening lashcs. Sho did
not say a word of farowell to me. With
n sttangc, brave, struggling smilo, which
would havo vanishcd with n word. sho hcs
itated a moment her chceks fluslilng, and
licr lips wistful. Thcn quito suddenly,
with just the slight gcsturo with which sho
iieknowlcdged the plaudits of tho crowd,
slie left mo.
I lay and listcncd as thc caninges rollcd
past the inflnnaiy gates; and prescntly,
across thc river, I could hear oui' own bnmi
strike up inerrily. I could follow in fancy
the wholc pcrformance as I lay with tho
programme bcforo me, and the well-known
airs to guiile mo. At last, with a quickcn
ed beatins; of my heart, 1 felt that tho
timo was como for Ninctte'a aiipenrance.
I know tho very tune with Avhicli theband
would greet her. Ah there it was but
diowncdalmnst inaloud prolougcd applause
Then knowing sho was pcrfoi ining I lay
tlicro quivciing in evcry limb.
It was just as ono of tho hospital physi
cians and a nurse came into my room, that
a great shout rose on tho other sido of tho
river, and rollcd joyously across to me.
My blood burncd in my veins,
"That is to grcct her after her lenp," 1
said, spcaking aloud and rapidly in my in
tenso relief. Thank God; it ii over."
I, too, am glad it is over," said tho
physician gravcly; "such a feat sliould
novcr havo been nttcinpted."
And yet cvery one has gono to sce it,"
I nnswered, passiouately, as the nurse tmn
ed my pillow. Why did they encourago
her
"Such things would be dono in any
case," he answered, "nt lcast we judgeso;
though pcrhaps wc do not try it for cer
tainly evcry ons has gone to sce this leap
to night; all our own household, like evcry
onc clse's. Yet how can wo help disap
proving such a dangerous act, performcd
too by a young and beautiful girl, wliose
lifo must be onc long temptationtodisplay
if to nothing worse
Listen 1 cried, in sudden terror,
pushing away the nurse, and starting up
with panting bieath, Did the band stoji
then suddenly Hark it is all silent."
I remember faltering incoheront nppcals
to be takcii to tho circus and I remem
ber how they tried to sootlie mc, lay ing
me back upon tho bcd, and diawing dowii
the blind before my wild and staring eyes.
But in that hush aciots the river 1 knew
that T had had my death blow.
They brought mo no tidings fnr days,
They kcpt mo in darkness within and
without. llut when at last my brain was
calm again, and my eyes had lost their ret
less fever, they told mc some few particu
lars of that fcarful night.
Ninetto had performcd her daimtlcss
feat with dauntless success. Whilo she
stood daintily upon his neck, Black llawk
took his leap smoothly and safely. But
tho astonishcd crowd had not been sU-
ficd with this; with a pcrsistent cry they
liad summoned her again; and siimmoned
her in my namc.
"As the seats for to-night have been
taken at doublc price," she had said laugh
ingly, to Monsieur, "1 owo tho audiciice
a doublc appearancc."
And so sho had riddcn in again tri
umphantly, and springing lightly upon tlie
neck of hcr horse, had prepared agaiu for
her wonderful leap.
Thcn came the hush though no one
over could tell mo exactly how it had oc
currcd scme saying Ninetto was uuusu
nlly cxcitcd by her brilliant feat; and
some that she was tiied. Sho fell fell
with a light, sudden fall, which would not
havc hurt lier, pcrhaps, but that hcr tcm-
ple struck tlie boards which scparatcd
tho front rnw of spcctators from the ring.
Thank God that Iheie had becn nostrug
gle! There was onc deep red stain upon
the soft, fair curls but no anguish on the
young dcad face when they lil'ted it so
gently.
In thc rare, sweet dreanis which vUit
mc as I lie hcre, 1 always scc Ninetto just
as I saw her first just as I saw her iast.
And when I awake, I am almost glad to
see, in thc faccs round me, that tlie time
is drawing very near when I slmll see her
oncc again Lomhu Sotirtj.
Thc liiitc (icii. Andcrson.
Qciipral llobert Andorsou died nt
Nieo, Frnnco. Ho had gono from Yonoy
to Nieo about thrco wecks ngo, hoping to
roeeivo benefit from tlio chnuge. His
fumily wcro with him. His roniniiis will
bo brought by tho United Stutes vos.sel
Guerricro to this country for intenncnt.
Genoral llobert Andcrson has oceupied
n prominont jiosition in tho history of
Amoricii, nnd tho nows of his doath 'will
bo reccivcd throughout tho eonntry witli
nnfoigned rcgrct. Ho wns born in Kcn
tucky in 1800, graduated nt West I'oint
in 182.), nnd ou the first of .Tuly in thnt
yenr reccivcd ms nrst comnussion ns
brovetsccond licutonnnt of Seeond Artil
lery. During tho Black Hnwk war he
wns inspcctor-gencrnl of tho Illinois
voluntccrs. In 1835-37 llobert Andcr
son wns assistnnt instructor nnd inspec
tor of tho West I'oint MilifnryAcademy,
and during tho Indinn wnr in Florida ho
wns nide-do enmp to Clcncrnl Seott. For
his succcssful conduct in tho Florida wnr
he receivcd, in August, 1838, tho rank of
brcvet captain. Ho nccompiinicdCiPiicral
Scott through tho Moxicnn wnr until thc
fall of the City of Moxico, pnrticulnrly
distingiiishing himself nt tho bnttlc o'f
El Molino del lloy. His giillant nnd
nicritorious coruluct on this occnsion wns
rownrded by his promotion ou thc 8th of
Sejitcnibcr, 1817, to tho rank of brevot
major. When Fort Suniter wns built
iMnjor Andcrson was nppointed com
mander of it nnd of all tho works round
Chnrlcston nnd for his defcnco of this
port wns immcdintely promoted to tho
rank of brigndier-goneral, nnd ordercd
to tho Dopartmont of Ivcntucky. Hcre
hisjienlth fuiliug him ho wns obliged to
rctiro from nctivo service. Hc grow
gradnnlly moro nnd moro feeblo until,
bcing ndviscd to lcnve his homo nnd
tiT thc cfl'ect of ehnngc of nir nnd sccnp.
he wcnt to Frnncc, whoio, ns tho nbove
dcsjintch informsus, holingorcd until hc
died,
A .Si.vouLAit AcciDnNT. A curious nnd
soniowhnt stnrtling nccidcnt oeeurred in
Brooklyn.N. Y. An ordinury rnngo boilcr
burst nnd tho hot wntor very badlyscald
ed n lady nnd scvcrnl childicn who wcro
in tho kitchen. On exnminntion thc
boilcr wns found to bo very thin.
riumbers hnvo bccn in thc ln.bit of ro
lircscntiug that this class of boilcrs, or,
moro properly spcaking, hot wntor rcscr
voirs might collnpso from n dcfectivo
supply of wntor, but could not cxplodo
a thcnry under which thousnnds of
fnmilies havo rcstcd in confiding sccurity.
Tho prescnt instunco is fatal to tliis
uotion of tho constitution of rnngo boil
crs, nnd it is to bo hoped thnt it will bo
carci'nlly invcstigated. Nothing would
ndd moro to tho discomfort of tho nvernge
Amcricnn household thnn n lurking
suspicion concorning tho snfety of its
kitchen, especinlly if tho suspicion Bhould
gnin nccess to tho minds of tho nlready
unrcliablo cook and Inundrcss.
National Dedts. Tho debts of nll tho
stntes nnd kingdoms of Europo, ns nenrly
ns cnn bo learncd, nt tho prcsent timo,
including tho rccent incrcnsc in Frnncq,
umount in nll to 2,500,000,000, or nearly
$12,500,000,000, The debtof thc United
Stateson tho lst of September, 1871, less
cash in thoTrcnsury, wns 2,174,000,000;
mnkjng n total of 11,77-1,000,000.
Tlio Kvcrglmlcs (r Florldn.
Tho Evorglndes aro just n submerged.
prnjrie, nnd thoy oxhibit tlio mannor in
Avhieli tlio groat Wnstorn prairios woro
formcil. JJniin tho Evcrglndos, (it could
bo dono,) nnd tho prcsent islnnds would
w hills. fhibmergo n pmii'ie, nnd itn
bills would bccomo islnnda. No trco is
found on tho Everghulcs, becauso they
nvo ('onstaiitly eoveral with wntor; no
trcps aro found on tho prairipn, because
llmy woro long eovored wntor.
Timo will como when this vaat plnin will
bo olenr of wulcr, nnd thcn wo slmll havo
u lnrgo surfncp, liko tlio prniries, clenr
of trees, nnd titted i'or cultivntion hy
innii. In theso littlo Evci7lade iRlandn
tho pahn llourishcs, nnd nlso tho orange
nnd overy ofhor trco of Florida Thc
cnstcr-oil plant grows up to bo n lnrgo
froo of Hcvcrnl ycars' lifo. Tlie nrrow-
root nnd swcot-potnto patchoR moroly ro
quiro thnt stirring of tho ground neces
sary in rcraoving tho fnll-grown roots to
eause tho youngor ones togvow aiulkcop
on growiug. It is really not ncccssnry
to pinnt moro thnn onco. It is n lnsiy
nmn's paradisc. No womler tho Indiiins
wcro unwilling to movo to tlio West it
wixn not tho graves of thoir fntlicrs thoy
wcro unwilling to leavo, it was their
polato and pumpkin patehes. Thcir
pumikin is small, round and sweet thoy
out it open, put in n rnccoon or opossum,
eover it witli nshes nnd bnko it in tho
firo. Tho huntors think it n fiuperb
dish. Anothcr plnn is to tako n lish just
ofl'tho hook, nnd without Kcnling or
elenning, wrap it up in green leaves and
buko it in tho samo wny. Hunters uso n
wot uowspapor. It is ilono whon, if you
teur a jiicco of tho wrnpping, tho slcin
nnd scales como ofV with it. You tcar
ofl" skin nnd wrnpping irom ono sido, nnd
ont tlio ilesh, turn it over nnd cnt tho
othor. nnd tbrow boncs nnd insidonwny.
Indians in small numbers nro still
found nonr tho Evergladps. Thoy do
not liko tho whites, uro not socinblo, but
tlicro is n talismnn that will movo them
out of stoieism into cordiality, thcro is
a sosaino thnt will onon an Indiau's
licnrt nnd iiioulli, nnd thnt is whisky.
Thoy aro tho only savngcs who luivo
novcr invcntcd nn intoxicnting liquor of
thoir own. Their only iden of civiliza-
tion is to gct drunk. liido into thoir
own eonntry, put up with n Chief, givo
him whisky nnd promiso hiui moro, nnd
ho nnd his nro nt your scrvico so long ns
your whisky lasts.
What Mon Imvc JHcd for.
duelnboutndog;ColonelIlamsevinoiio
nbout n servant Mt. Fpntliprs'tono in
ono nbout n rccruit Sterno's fnthor in
uoiouei .Montgomery wus snot in a
ono nbout a gooso nnd nnotlier gontlc
mnn in ono nbout nn ncro of nnchovios
ono olliccr wns challenged for moroly
nsking his opponent to onjoy tho seeond
goblct nnd nnothor was eomiK'lled to
light about n iiineli of snufV; Gpnernl
Uarry was d.nlleimcd bv a Cantain Hmitb
for deelining wino nt dinuer on a stcam
boat, although tho Qcnornl lind plcndod
ns nn cxcusc tliat wino nivarinmy mndo
him siek; nnd Licutonnnt Cowther lost
his lifo in n duel bccauso ho wns refuscd
iidmittanep to n club of pigoon shootors.
lu 1777 n ducl oeeurred in Now York
city, betweou Licutonnnt Fpatliprstone-
1 1 ..f Jl Mil t -r-.-i
iinngii, oi ino (oui, nnuuiptnin Jicl'Uer
son, oi tho 12d British regimcnt, in ro-
gard to tho mnnnor of oating un our of
corii, onc confcnding that tho best eat-
ing wns from tho cob nnd tho other tliat
tlio grain sliould bo cnt off from tho cob
Dclorocanng. IjiPutenantFeatliorstone
liaugli lost 1ns nglil nrm, tho ball from
his untngonisl s mstol nhnttcrinir tlio
limb drcndfully, so niueh so that it had
toboamputitlod. nrnhnm, Major Noah's
nssistaul cditor on tho Nntioniil Advocitte,
lost his lifo in 1S27, at tho duelling1
ground ul Ilolmkon, with Barton, tlio j
sou-in-iaw oi jyuvum tjivingston, m n I
1 1.' 1 V L 1 1 1 1
Minpio (uspme anoiu "wnat wns trumps
m ii gmno oi cards.
How Titr.Y Fixr.i) nut. Albany stnrt-1 drawn in by ono of tho party in n stato
cd n pooiiliar kind of a rclief fund n fow 1 of cntnnglciiK'iit very trying to ono's p:i
days sincc, nnd tho rcceipt of which tience. 'L'his tho old salt very nppro
is likcly to nd'ord any thing bnt satisfao-, printely denominatcs (piilting.'" Oirc
tion to tho rccipiont. It nppoars that n 1 1 drow'in a fish nnd wns nbout to stnkc
gpntlcnmn was requpsted to contributc him off into my barrel when I found
something lo tho Chicago fund. At i that both my 'neighbors' hnes wcro
lirst hc called thc fund n swindlo nnd j wotind spcurcly nround thc tnil of thc
then gavo ton dollars. Tho exehimntion I Jlsli, which cuused n strong tcndeney
wns moroly u hasty onc, nnd tlio gcntlc-1 townrds thc ncxt barrel. IJotweon us
nian cvidently belongs to thnt class of both tho poor maekerel had a hnrd timo
pcrsoiis who always grumblc, nlthough of it, for it wns not until wo cut off his
possessi'd of tho kinde.st intontions. But tnil thnt mv fripnds' linns would o-i vn nn
mark his punishment. His hnrd criti-;
eisni was mndo pumic by nn cvcning
journni, nmi penny contrihiitions wcrci
called for to rcimburso him in his un-!
willincr outlnv. Thc nvniH. tlmt i
ponnicscamc pouring in from nll pnrts gists of tlio prcsent day thnt tho ngo of
of ho city, county nnd s'jito. As soon our globo rcuehcs seorcs und even hun
ns tho thousiiudtli nenny vrus receivcd i dvnl nf miiHnnq nf ,'i innn.
tlio wholo sum was put up in n paekngc
nnd sent to tho gcntleman's odice.
Worso punishment is rarely iriflietcd for
a hasty word.
Ilnxs i.v FiiACj: of Dons. Thcro is
hardly a family that does not throw
nway onough tablo seraps to kecp ut
least a dozcn hcns and many thntkeop
a nuisnueo in the shnpo of a dog, thnt
does no good, but costs moro thnn n
dozcn good hcns. Ono dog in n neigh
borhood is gencrally n groater troublo to
tho neighbors than n floek of hcns would
bo; for if hcns arc wcll focd nt honic,
thoy will rnrcly go nway. But who
oycr saw n dog thnt was not a pcst, run
nnig ncross thc ncwly madc gardcn, nnd
sticking his noso into everything. Kill
offcursuud give tho foodto'tho hons,nnd
you will lind pleasuro as well ns proflt
in so doing. Wo wish tlicro wns n. tnx of
8100 on evcry dog kcpt in tho eonntry.
Theso thnt nro of vnluc ns wntch dog's,
could bo retnincd, whilo tho liost of
snnrling, dirty curs would givo plnco to
somo morc usefnl nnd less troublesomo
pet.
Litioation. A cnso ilnstrnting litign
tion hns just been concluded in n Mnssn
chusctfs court. Four ycnrs ngo two
ladies wcro riding with nbout n dozcn
othcrs in n four-liorso conch, on n pic
nic cxcursion in Ashfiold, whon n de
fcctivo bridgo gavo wny nnd prccipitated
tho tcnm, with tho passcngcrs, somo
twclvo feet into the stream bclow. Both
ladios wore injurod. Tho dofect in tho
bridgo nnd tlie linbility of tho town
secmed undoublcd. Ono of tho lndics
offorcd to scttlo for 1,500, but tho
selectmcn refuscd. Thc ninttcr wcnt in
to court, nnd now after four ycars of
litigation thc town is mulctcd in tho j
sum of 10,135, nnd must besidcs pny n
lnrgo bill of costs for thcir own wit-,
ncsscs.
An ingcnious wifo in Dcs Moines,
nfllictcd with n snoring husband, hasn
gutta-pcrehn pipe, with cube-shaped
cnds ono sho puts over his noso and
nioutli, nnd tho other over his ears
thns hc consumcs his own noisc, as a
Rtovo does its smokc, and wnkes up in
stantly. Wealtii. Tho following figurcs show
tho wealth of somo New York pcoplo:
Cornclius Ynndcrbilt, 25,000,000; AIcx
nndcr T. Stewnrt, 20,000,000 Willinm
B. Astor, 10,000,000; William M.
Twocd, 12,000,000; Gcorgo Law,
5,000,000; Dnuiel Drow, 3,000,000.
It issnid that tholntcniational Socicty
isnlarminK tho Enronpnn nionnrebs.
Prussin nnd Austria bcing in n j avtic-j
uiar nuiTy nuout u,
A ChlucHO llatlle.
In Singnporc, snys n lato papor of
that placo, n great numbcr of Chinainon
suddanly fillcd tho strcots. Thcro must
havo becn n thousand of them, rusbiiig
ulong from tho direotion of North Ikidgo
road, in rogular rnnks, four to six dcop,
nrined with spcars nnd swords. 'J'hey
woro in rogulnr Chinoso llghting trim,
imked to tlio wnist thoir tnils woro
lightly eoiled round thcir hends, nnd
their speurs ut thcir hips, rcndy for tho
clinrgo und somo woro ono, somo two
Rwords, sluck in their wnist-eloths,
thoy ruHhed stcailily on, nt tho doublc
nuick. Tlicro wcro scvcrnl consnicnous
loadnifl iiinniug nloimpido the niiiin
body, urmed with only n sword in ono
lmnd, nnd u handkcrchiof or pieco of
clotll in tho ntbnr. with wbii'b thov r'avn
signnls for ndvnnco or rctreat, ctc, nnd
ordors iim to tho dircction of their onsots.
All wns conduetod in dead silenco, no
thing hcard navo tho henvy stamp of
feet. All onnsuddciiniiothor formidablo
body of mon, similarlynrmednndeipiiiip'
cd, nnd led, npjicnrod rusliing on from
tho opposito direotion, whon tho two
parties immcdintely enmo into collision,
charging nnd nlternately giving way,
nnd then charging ngain ropeatedly.
Sovcrnl wcro seen to fall, but thoy wcro
immcdinlply carriod off by their com
rados. Sevcral nipn could bo scon at
tho uppcr windows of tho housos in
North Bridgo road, nt tho ond of tho
strccl, passing signnls as to tho polico,
ctc. Tho combatunts must havo bcon
in hot conflict for nearly thrcc-ipuirtors
of nn hour, when signals wcro given
from tho ubovo-nntned windows whcro
upon tho wholo of tho combntants sud
denly disappeared ns if by magie. Most
of them vanisliod into tho noighboring
shops, nnd tlio wholo field of operations
bccamo ns quiet ns posiblc. After a
briof pcriod n polico pcon wns sccn
pecping round a corner, as if to soo if
tho coast was clear or how tho Innd lay
nnd after tlio lapse, say of iv qunrtor of
nn hour, n nuinbcr of unannpd noons
mndo their nppparancc, shouting Wlioro
whero's tho row butns usunl, thoy
wcro too lato for tho fnir. Mnny of tho
llghting liicn, who lind cvidently just
j laid nsido thoir weapons, nnd nltered
their trim, with n Mathows-liko celerity,
miglit Do seen talung signs attuo polico,
nnd inquiring what was tho mattoi.
Tho wholo cngagenient was conductcd
in n dead silcnec, which would havc bc
como n chargoof British Crenndiers with
kM silence tijlmise ns tho encmy, in
AVcllington's'days, used toterm it. Tho
combatnnts were, nccording to
1 t,0ntfl 'J-'ow Chow mon, but divii
two rivnl cliUls 1,10 Sa.v Tniis a
all ac-
dividcd into
I "PiVnn tho lnttor u-nvd Hwnilfvino cjlioni
or lambs. Tho clashing and knocking
of spears was something to bo romom
cd, but othcrwiso tho fightingprocceded
in silenco.
vw.i-nmi vwhn
ln, Ud Maikci cl 1 Mlins
Cnjic Cod correspondcntof tho Bos-
i ton ndlcim'in and Hejlcclot
Wakhm'm wnl lleili'dor writcs of
Mnekorol iishing ns follows
Tho lines, of which eaeh nian manng
os two, nro all thrown from tho stnrboard
sido of tho vcssel, this bcing, perhaps,
beenuso tho fishor-mcn of Giililec onco
mct with remurknblo success when thcy
"east tho iicfc on tho riaht sido of tlio
nhip." In rcgnrd to tho timo of fishing,
j wo !iru "t tho lncrey of tho capricious
ninckcrcl themselvcs. Somotimes thoy
l'oinc l'fomptly "alongside nnd remain
thcro for sovoral hours, whilo ngain wo
1 110111 many umes m a day tlio preparn
tory heavo to," bnt not followod bv
tho moro quickly spokcn "lish, ho
and tlio oxeiting drumming in tho cmp
ty barrcls of tho nowly-tnken flsh. But
whon thoy bitc rapidlj-, thesport is livc
ly onough, nnd eaclt man 1ms to look
well to his lincs. Wc threo greenics
stood sido by side, and somptimes when
tho livel.v ninckcrcl on our hooks would
dnrt, nbout liko n wenvcr's shuttlc. it
WOUld result in all six of our linns bpiiifr
their hold upon him. Such vcxntions
1 tho cxperienced fishcr-mnn avoids.
Tho Agn of thc (Jlohe.
lousiy contuted by n rccent wntor m one
of tho foroiKii scientific iournals. n nrin
ciiial obicction to thc bclicf in (iiicstion
bcing thnt tho sun could not havo lasted
such a length of timo without bcing
imrnt out. It is iound, ior liistnnee,
uiai tno nent wnieii taiis on a squnro
foot of tho cnrth's surfnco c.vposed to thc
vertical rays of thc sun is equivnlcnt to
S.J.l toot-poumis per seeond or, nbout
scven thousnnd horse powcr pcr seeond
is radiatcu lrom overy squaro foot of tho
sun s surface. If the sun consisted of
eoal it would bo burncd up in fivothoii'
sand ycnrs. But n pound weight fnlling
to tlio sun liom un lntinitc distanco would
produco six thousnnd times thc hcnt gcn
crnted by n pound of coal. If as is
scarcely probnblo thc sun bo supposcd
to havo been originally u ncbulous mass
lilling tho wholo solnr 'systcni nnd nn in
dofinito sjinco bcyond it, tliototnl nmount
of bent jiroduecd by tho grnvitntion of
tho partieles into n condcuscd globo
would suflico to niaintain tho sun'Hheat
for over twenty millions of ypnrs, pvon
sujiposing them to be very hot, tho heat
geucrntcd would suflico for moro than
threo times that period. Such n hcnt
could bo goncrnted by tho collision of two
great globes liko tho sun.
The Cojirvr. Encko's great comet,
which mnkes n tour to tho region of tho
sun onco in nbout thrco yenrs nnd nt
qunrter, is now on its way thither, nnd
will rench tho iierihilion somo timo in
January. It will very soon como within
tho kcn of tho nstronomers, but persons
who havo only theiroycs to see with will
not havo tho pleasuro of bcholding thc
crrntic visitor. It rounds tho sun nt
a distnnco of thirtv-two million miles
and thcn daits oft' into spncc, nnd bcforo
it turns to como bnck rcnches a point of
thrco hundrcd and thirty-scven million
l mues irom tnat luininary. This couiet
is an objcct of especial mtcrest to schol
ars, owiug to the fact that the pcriod of its
rovolution is gradually diminishing.
This is supposcd to provo thnt tho re
gioas of spnco nro fillcd with n mntcrial
cithor cajiablo of rctarding tho niotion
of solid bodics, tho ultimato cffect of
which will bo to dcstroy tho centrifugnl
forco of thc plnnets nnd allow them grad
unlly nnd imperceptibly to glido into tho
sun. It will tnke n long timo for the
cnrth to rcaeh that destinntion, but
Encko's comet pcriodically rcminds us
that such is its linal doom.
Tnn cost of tho wnr in Ouba during
tlio pnst year lian ueen bi!,uuu,UOO, nnd
tlio Coloninl doflcil for tho ycar amounts
to 11,000,000. Tho Spanish Govorn-
mcntnsks for ncrcditof 20,000,000 for
muitnry puqioscs
Sccno in n Callfornln Gniiiblliig House.
A moment. if you plcase," quiotly
romarkcd nn almost beardless desporndo,
covcring his pilo with a firm hnnd, nnd
ilxing dnngorous eyns on tho burly dcnl
cr of monto whom ho nddrosses: "you
cnn stop tlicro."
"Wcll, nir."
"Wcll, cxcuso mc, but I think you
drow two cards."
"I beliovo not. I'll tako your pilo if
you plcaso tho konvnjo tnkes it.
Two-curdsl"
"Y'our moncyl
And in cach caso tho words wcro nc
compaiiicd by a quick und ipiiet movo
ineut, which discloscs u rovolvcr. With
tho npppnrnnooot theso two now disput
nnts, polished, curt, of briof but sharp
nnd (lownrightspeech thcro is quick but
fusslossstir nmong tho spcctators nround
tho tnblo. In n moment a clcar spaco
is formcd, in tho midst of a still circlo of
flashingoyps, compresscd lips and cloneh
ed hands. You may count twenty do
Iibcrntelyoro you hcnr a brcnth or sco
tho slightcst movement.
"Well, sir?"
"Well!"
Your monoy
"Your cards" 1"
Up stops a bystandor somo cool,
slcndy yotoran, cxpcrt in tho game nnd
vorsod in tho law of difliculties a man
of nwful nervo, whoso tympnnum, nccus
tomed to tho ernck, no pistol shot nlnrms.
Gcntlemcn," says hc, "trynrbitra
tion first."
Anothcr quick chango of cnquiring
and responsivo glanccs belwccn tho dis
putants. Not a word, Imt tho eyes of cach
plninlysay "ngrccd." Both throw them
selvcs brck in their chairs nnd withdraw
thcir hands from tlio tablo, with tho nir
of men inviting exnminntion, and rcs
oluto to nbido tho result. Tho vctcrnn
calls up two brothcrs of tho Green Cloth
compctent to act as umptre nnd threo
minutcs, franght with mortnl dmigcr,
arc passed in dclibenitely counting tho
cards ns thcy lio on tho cloth, nnd nnm
ing them slowly liko tho tolling of a
bcll, or tho mcasurcd proimneiation of a
death Rpntence. Exeept tliat there has
been no uoisobutthosinmitaneous click
ing of two pistol locks. Tho dealer and
his young vis-it-ris aro seemingly uncon
cerncd for thc cvent You aro wrong,
my friond," says Vctcrnn.
No card wns drawn hero. Mistakcs
will hnppen to the most carcful gcntlo
mcn." From that; deeision thcro is no appcal.
His flngcr on tho triggcr after that
yould havc cost tho young follow nis
life. So pistols go back to thoir resting
)laccs, liands are shakcn across tho tablo,
drinks for tho company nt the oxpcnsc
of tho "buckor" as ho who plays
against thc bank iscnlled and tho gnmo
procceds with n bcttcr understanding.
How Hot Iron Jlny ho Handled.
Mons. I. Fontcllc, Fresidcnt do ln
mioues do Pnris, Jtc has left tl.e follow
i.. .1.... o -r.1 t ni
ing on record About tho year 180!)
ono Lionctto, n Hpaninrd, astonishcd not
only the iKiion nt, but cheniists und
other mon of seionec, iu France, Ger
many, Italy nnd Englaud, by theimpuni
ty with which ho handled red-hot iron
and moltcn lcad, drank boiling oil, and
perfonned other fcats equnlly mira
eiilous. While ho was at Nnples hc
attractcd tho noticc of Profcssor Semcn
tcni, whonnrrowly wntehcdnll operations
nnd cndcavorod to discovcr his secret.
Ho obsorvcd in tho first plaec, that when
Lionotto applied n pieeo of red-hot iron
to his hnir dcnse fumes immcdintely
roso from it, and thc snmo oceurrpd
when ho touchcd his foot with the iron.
Ho also saw him plnco a rod of iron,
nearly red-hot, between his teeth with
out burning himself, drink the third of
u tablcspoonful of boiling oil, nnd tnk- disaster in his mind has broken his en
iug up moltcn lend with his fingers plnco j gagemcnt with n young lady, bccauso
it on his tongue without apparent incon- she wcnrs n train and is nogligent nbout
vcnionco. hcmentem s eilortsattcr oer
formiug scvcrnl cxperiincnts upon him-
sen, wcrc linnllv crowncd witli success.
Ho found that by fnetion with sulphuric
aeid, diluted witli watcr, tho skin might
bo mado inscnsiblo to tho action of tho
heat of red-hot iron a solution of alum,
cvaporulod until it becamo spougy, np
pearcd to bc still morc effcctual. After
having rnhbcd the parts which wore
thns rcndcrcd, in somo degroo, incon
bustiblc with hnrd soap, hc discovered
on tho application of hot i'-on that their
inensibility was incrcased. Ho thcn de
termined on again rubbing tho parts
with soap, and aftor this found that thc
hot iron not only oceasioned no pain,
but that it actunlly did not burn tho
linir. Jicing thns fnr sahshed, thc Pro
fcssor apiilied hard soaj) to his tonguo
until it bocamc inscnsiblo to thc heat of
tho iron and after having placed an
ointmcnt composcd of soap mixcd with
n solution of alum upon it, boiling oil
did not burn it. Whilo tho oil reniained
on tlio tongue a slight hissing wnshcnrd,
similar to thnt of hot iron thrust into
watcr the oil soon cooled, nnd wns thcn
iwallowed without danger. Sovoral
scientific men have sineo succossfully re
)catod the oxpcrimcnts of Profcssor
Semoiitem
History ofllioCeiit.
Thc old rcd cent is rapidly passing
away out of tho United Statcs ciirrency,
and it will not bo long bcforo it will only
bo known in mcmory and numismatic
collcctions. Its history is a mattcr of
s'ltflicicnt intcrcst forprcservation. Tho
cent was first prcposcdby llobert Morris.
tho great iinaucier of thc rovolution, nnd
was nnmed by Jefferson two ycars af
ter. It bogan to mako its appearancc
from tho nnut in 1792. Itboro tho head of
yashington on ono sido and thirteen
liuks on tho othor. Tho Frcnch rovo
lution soon crcatcd a rage for Frcnch
idcns, which put on tho cent, instend of
tho head of Washington, tho head of the
Goddess of Libcrty a Frcnch Liberty,
with flowing locks. Tho chain on tho
roverse was rcplaced by tho olivc wreath
of pcaco. But tho Frcnch Liberty was
short-lived, and so was her portrait on
the cent. Tho next head or Iigure snc
cceding this tho staid elassic damo with
a fillct around her hair-camo into fashion
about thirty or forty years ago, aml hcr
nncly clnscled tirccinn fcatures havo
been but slightly nltered in the lapso of
iime.
DnsmivED It.-A scntcnco of six months
imprisonment was iniposcd on nn English
collicr named Bradly, who, linTing somo
grudgo ngainst his wifo, locked tho doors
of tho houso so thnt sho could not cscapo,
and thcn dclibcratcly incitcd a large bull
dog to worry tho unfortunato woman.
Thc dctails of hcr Trantio struggle with
tho brute, which wcrc givcn in cvidcnce
bcforo n magistrate, wcro unspoalsably
horriblo. She was savagely bittcn in
mauy places by tho dog, her husband
doing his bcst to shut oflt nllmcans of
cscapo. At last, torn and blccding, sho j
cscapcd troni tno houso, and Bradley
wns givcn into custody. Thcro is evi
dcntly room nt the Lancashiro collicrics
for an carnest aavoeate of womcn s nghts,
Thcro is much suffering in the San
Joaquin Yulloy, where the crops have
wholly failcd for two seasons. One
thousand persons nro nceding food. Tho 1
citizens of Sau Frnncisco nro rnising i
fr.uds for their rclief.
BHBaHHaMnnraB
Buhy.
Ono fiummor mornhif; Baby camo,
To lay upon my brcast
I kiseed hcr littlo faco, and Baid,
Wo havo an angol gucMt."
Tliat Hiuntnor-timo was glad and gay
With baby lanjjh and glco
Tiic dearest thini; in nll tho world
Mydarling was tomc.
Tlnl whon thofroHt-winds touchcd tho ilowors
Lilco tliom sho droppcd away,
And died within my lolding anns
Ono uad, sad Autuinn day.
Wo mado hcr littlo narrow gravo
Cldho by tho (,'ardcn-wall
lt Hcrmcd that somo timo sho would walto,
And Ior hcr mothcr cali.
I planlod rnso and lirimiy
JioHido hor ;raoiii Spring,
And robiiiH nesllcd thcro, and learncd
Thcir littlo onoH t) sing.
It is a sicrcd H)ot to mo,
Tlnt gravo ho Krccii and low
Ah I lloavon cannot bo far away
From-Daby'u gravo, I know.
Facfs nnd Fimcics.
Leavcs havo their timo to fnll just
now.
Frowns blight young childrcnas frosty
nights blight young plants.
Wlio cvcr sawnnjbody near a flrc who
didn't want to play jioker
A doctor's motto is supposcd to lio
pntientsnnd long suffering."
"Como, shccr off," as thc ram saidto
tho man who wai cutting off his wool.
When a inm turns tcctotalcr does ho
ncccssarily acquiro a pail comiiloxion
A delicato parcel to bo forwarded by
rail A young lady wrappcd up in her
self. It is a mistnkc to snppose thnt tho sun
is supported in tho heavcns by its
bcams.
A learncd writerassorts that, nftcr all,
cncrgy quito ns orton drivcs off discaso
ns it brings it on.
In a libcl suit ngainst a newspnper at
Littlo lloek, Ark., for S30,OO0, thoplaiu
tiffattained 1 in damagcs.
Tlio champion sexton of a town in
Mnino hns dug n thousnnd graves, und
ofiieiatcd at twclvo hundrcd f uuerals.
Tho first daily newspnper in Virginia
wns printed in 1780, nnd its subscrip
tion price wasfifty dollars perannum.
Tlio hitcst stylo in wedding cards is
very long and narrow, of heavily glazcd
pas'toboard, with n monogram or crcst
stamped in silver.
Sovon churches, six convents, cight
sehools, two asylnms, and two hospitals
bclonging to the Boman Catholic,s were
dcstroycd by tho Chicago lirc.
A Chinamnn's account of tho Ghicago
calamity is as follows Jlelican Ilish
boy tako kelosono lamp and milk cow
cow kick over lamp up go Chicago.
Omnibuses wcro first brought into use
nt Piiris in 1827, nnd two yenrs nf torwnrd
twclvo omnibuses wcrc started in Lon-
1 tl011 ,L Shllllbecr a coach.buildcr.
i A civil suit against Willinm M. Twoed
nnd other city oflicials of Now York
for sovoral millions of dollars has been
begun byMr. Charles O'Couorat Albany.
Two Keokukers solvcd a disputo as tc
thc owncrship of a calf, by plncing thc
nnimal midwny bctwecn their rcsidenccs
nnd secing wliich one it would go to
ward. Ono of tho coats sent to tho Boston
Young Men's Christian Association, ts
bo forwarded to Chicago, was labellcd
My wedding coat."
Tho lateststyle of bridlo head dress is
a wreath eoniposed of small white ostrich
tips. The bridnl vail is trimmed with
vines of lilies of tho valley and jcs'-a-mine.
A young man having a latc railroad
nerswucii.
Tho Chicngo lako crib is two miles
from slioro, nnd yet tho kccpcr had to
keep tho top of tho building continually
1 wet to )rovent its ignitiug on" thc night
of tho firo.
Six West Point eadcts havc been dis
missed for hnzing, nnd thc nuthoritcs
positively refuso to rcvokc the dismissals
from tho Annapolis Naval Acadciny foi
tho samo offonce.
Au old Bacholor, who bcars his loncly
stato with much cquanimitj-, says It
is bettcr to be laughed at for not being
married, than bo unablo to laugh bc
causo you arc."
A railroad eniployp, on being uudged
with a contribntion box whilo aslecp in
church, tlio other day, woko up cnough
to rcmark, "I work "on this road," and
returucd to his nnp.
New iuty cent nnd dollnr roveuue
j stnmps havc just mado thcir appearancc.
j Thoy aro madc of linen paper, colored
blue, witli scroll work, and bonr a litho
ariph of Georgo Washington.
I A young lady requcstcd to bo reloased
j from hcr marriago engngement on tho
ground that when contractetl sho bo-
lioved her lover a "duck," but hns
sineo found him to be a gooso.
Tho arrivals of vessels at Boston, dur
ag niue months of tho prcsent ycar,
exccod thoso of tho samo period, last
year, by -117, showing a considerablo
inerca.se in the forcign commcreo of that
city.
Many cooking sehools havo rcccntly
been opcncd which aro wcll patronized
by our socicty young ladies, iu viow
doubtless of a timo whon it will be neees
sary, as wcll as convenient, for them to
bo thoroughly postedupon suoh matters.
After tho great firo inLondon, in 1GG6,
Parliaiucnt euactcd that overy houso
sliould bo built with indopcndont walls,
and nll in front raised to cqual hcight,
and thosc walls sliould be of stono or
bnck, and that no man sliould lelay bc
yond sevcn ycars.
Mrs. Leary, of Chicago, stoutly denics
the story that tho great iiro was causcd
by tho upsetting of a keroscuc-oil lamp
in her stnblo whilo sho was milking her
cows. Sho says tho stnblo must hnvo
bccn fired by incendiarics. SIio nhvays
milks by daylight.
Ono cord of wood cut nnd split fino
and cordcd up beneath a shclter whilo it
is yet green, will furnish moro heat after
it has becomo seasoned than two cords
of tho samo kind of wood which has
becn continualiy cxposed to tho altcrnato
influcnccs of storms and sunsliinc.
Afack," oftho Cliicago Hepitbliean,
is jocoso undor his misfortnncs. In
pointing out tho diffcrenco bctwecn
Thoodoro T.homas' fugacious fiddlers
nnd Ncro, ho oxplains thnt ono liddled
whilo Ilomo burncd, nnd tho othcrs
ronmed while their tlddlers burncd.
Hcre is a good ono on tho "tator
ougs. iinco mon wcro companng
notes. Ono says, Thcro is two bnirs
to evcry stock." A seeond ono says,
"Thcy hnvo cutdown my carly crop,
and aro sitting on tho fonco waiting for
the lato crop to como up." "Tshaw,"
said the third, you don't know nny
thing nbout it. I pnssod n sccd store
tho other dny, and tho bngs woro in thcro
Iooking over tho books to sou who had
purchnsed soed potntoes,"