iiir1
^n.-.rjTH II ll'nrillT1F,lPW
liUli
liUtlMA ]NE\YS,
i t:e !Vfpr?hnrs Fair.
i H T MY.
I ilic to1 I>lspst?h.
1 r.TrKSBi nc. Octobn -5.
;,i? ii set uit (1 to be bcu? a<h
rtf nM ocean buried rmso this I
jo lower above our late. Inolherj
;-j t*i ami balmy weather which
lor so in'iiy "weeks past un
-liirUt hange* for our spertnl
j f oil H d r? ~l i 11^
i <-t the hsppv sunshine; thi*j
kr no doubt to some ex?
tV 'otitic the* attendance, which was!
v7 lot" a- ml^ht have been deslied,
?i: rh ip*. not more than tiiteen
j [>1e. Phce. however, seemed'
greatly, and thcocca-j
i.e of great animation arid oil
oioptay. The exhibition w?< In
.iiii.u'iit- v. ry thorough and at
tin- ground", since t heir re-|
on, look their l?c-t ami falr
-itoik department h especiallv
v i ht- array of horses 1s one of
.:.?l tincst *\c have ever had
v -.hi -r. rn Irgitda has contributed
5 h? blooded cattle to eom
r rat hiT to contract, t lie rather lean
il.;- etion.
'U' 'ii the h. r*** entered may be men
i :f thoroughbred stallion, two years]
ni r. U Koane Ki tlin one l?est
,ir l>v Paschal Itintord
1 ,'h '?'<"d staliioli, Ked Uohin. hv
thoroughbred >tallion,
i. fan, hy W. II. Hradshaw; one
oil. l?\ same one thcioU?h-j
i uii.-ti. King l?ear, b\ T. W. t'os
'.tie on exhibition excel any ever'
v!it to :?n\ Petersburg Fair both tor
i /t1. "and quality. The principal
in thi> line are Messrs. Falconer.
v u. Hiker. M iehaels, J. Boswell,
li.rnbull A: Kpiw, Mr. A. 1\
v Fredericksburg, it. t\ Friend,
!r.t i s. Btadiord ot Culpepcr, (whose
x were fiteatly admired, and who
,-ouie beautiful grade cattle.) It.
0 >u il, nod others.
?v. 5 lit* and -beep ??t ;?1 and the poill
wt f also well tilled, and attract
much notice from farmers and visitors
Ki'ty chickens entered by Mr.
1 i h. of hesierticld. were noted
r heaiity and eraee. Among them
niif nt I i ahmas.
i t c >ntains the handiwork
i ti beautiful it is. though
r ly flower* in it to entitle it to its
in rii c tho>e wrought on quilts
i iited on pincushions, and moulded
w or el-e those t'air, human rose
:?niiiu' the pirl who attend the
I array of needle-work, \v??
k. leather- work. Arc., is indeed fx-1
moiii: the mos>t beautiful pieces
:?u?Mvork in the hall is a baby-qiiiil
v i, >v. irked 1'V Mi*. Major John W.
Lvnehl'iirg, whieh reeeutly took
ui -Jin ut ht- Lynchbiirg Fair.
M.tli es to say in General terms that the
linen t> oft 'Vrm instruments, farm pro
i' t-. ti .uschold articles. a?? preserves,
A are very well supplied. A
liumber ot j us tilled with i'< e>h fruit
v rit tables, prepared by Mrs. B. B.
i v:ian, attract much attention lor their
ami tile UeatUeSs of their prepa
1 3 J\l
u, i there has been but one en
t ua'o.aud that was made by K. K.
o. The samples of cotton are
i.iU", aud some very line.
I; band in attendance is Smith's, rromj
!.:;iOtid.
[U oiirauiuic fv>r to-day was as fol
At la noon t ho tractable four-tooted
s. cattle, and j tck> were led
tid the track music by the band,
hi* i a?' k -promenading is always a tedious
r pei fo! tnance. but seems to have
us> ire, aiwl perhaps entertaining
i voplo sj t i illy fond of aniinals,
others are not prevented by it from
,v in- their own pleasure elsewhere
i-i ijovv. Tht m stieceeded a fiinani
performance by a uirl who tired a
in the air and pironeited above tin*
.i:- throng. The fun "of this is not
v i:s as the ambulation.
then arose with it> voluptuous]
r;n-l then succeeded the pony race,
dasb the ponies ridden by their
rs. there were two entries; Kitty
by 11. lv. Kelly, of Bland county
i' in, i'.v J. li. Suapps, of this city,
v, Long'Toin; purse, c-0.
in ;h*' afternoon tnerc wti" a mule race,
t, w! ch tliere were six entries. 1 have
To!' !r i;'d which muleteer won it.
:>o\ was capsized in the lake to-dav,
k. near being drowned, as he
',v a1 1. iik anu helpless.
lu i;. visitors on the grourds to-
L\ we'-e t 'olor.cl L. E. liarvie ami Hou.K.
1 .Ii
i9 v^tKcted that the crowd of to mor
e much larger and the exhibition
?j t; i r. 'I he trains have brought in
I jus this aheriioou, and the t w
X v i are kept bus* as t^ee*.
uel Minitrce and his assistant mar
-!i r. v ell- nt order on the ground*.
I \M-re no liuht- and Very little drink
i..
it. (.nl< r of exercises lor to morrow has
v. t i 11 ylven out. 'l'he great day, as
n-u:*l. ill be that before the last? Thurs
i ,v -when the meat attractions will be
iitvidruted. We trust vour city willsend
t at ..I delegation of i-itors.
i' 'he Academy of Music opens to-night,
i he l'tfi foiinauee will be largely attended,
!.n? the ode, 1 hear, b still, and will ^till be,
4,w d. ltoais Aoaib.
i'. The nude race was wou t?y Wil
li. tin A relict's gray mule In two straight
.it- 1 lie st .il^* was ?rb?.
Letter* from Lcxiniftoit.
tt.uhkrs' institute, politics, ktc.
.rr< j? .(tenet- of lllelnu^ml Dispatch.
Lkmngton, October 2<>, l ST 1
1 11.- IVuehcr-' Institute of Kockbridge
,:itv w organized this morn iu<; at lOr.'K)
i. ii*. l? r t hf- supervision of Professor
I .iMj't" I!. of Washinaton and l.t*e
t mver-ity. After player, (ieuerai PenUlc
l i id all uddiess on the subject of pub
s-'hinijs, uivinij till* views i?i both advo
i!- and obi?-elor, but c\ ideutly an objector
1 1 11 i<ii? u as ex i uiples of the
nil. ion*. rt> oi th<* system Mew Kug
I n i .?nd (jermany, tie- headquarters of the
i :j??- i u<iv inonsti uiis "Ssius*' which uow
utv il ooding the world. Hut, said he, we
tiu.f- th?- Mstem, and mu>t have it so our
ii in to in dc?' the best of it. To do this,
L'lval care must be shown in the selection
o! Nache-s; they must be good men and
n 'in*- iiorii. Foreigners must be kept oti.
I is no temptation now the pay is too
vn ill let it be kej>t so.
It. srf-urs agent ol the Peabody fund, in
i' l-lv. said
"I (in not know how far our opinions
are irillueiit-ed by circumstance!?. Aly life
ha- i-d me to different conclusions. I have
liv.-d a mom; free schools, was a resident of
1 1 1 1 n jfor two years, and believe if the
v- rend o? jector had had the same ex pe
i ii 'K e tit- would change his mind. Society
oii?plex. W cannot assign any effect
t" u single cause. Public schools do not do
ul! c'oofl nor all bad. "Where bad ins ap
peal i mny it not v\ith more reason be at
tnt?uiei! to other causes, especially since in
tfioM- i. mi, tries where bad predonderatcs J
t tj?- musses ure in deplorable ignorance.!
J he Unman Catholic rellg'on '8 founded on
I* 'i'ul u ignorance, the Protestant on intel
J L't-in-c. Ju very theory is not one man to
think for the multitude, butaji open Hible
hi ev?rv man. Look at England to-day!
What is the trouble? Masses of popular
ignorance which no power on earth can
control. One quarter of a century, aud to
all human probability she will" be con
vulsed by internal dissension. Her aio>t
eminent men see the futal error committed
bj not adopting this free-school system and
auvoeate its introduction, i fear they are
too late.
??As tor the cheap school-master, de
liver u* he is the dearest, the most oitiu
i>le i Li u v in the world. Cheap shoemakers,
blacksmiths, and mechanics will do their
aiiiclrs of manufacture can be repaired;
but for Heaven's sake don't place a cheap
man to work on an immortal soul."
Alter the conclusion of Dr. Sears's ad
dict Mr. Jacob Fuller illustrated the ad
Vdiituyes of bluckboaid teaching, bringing
in se\exul scholar* who had not been under
?ztilruciiou mora than week, aud wuu
were unable either to read or write, to
snow bow much more rapidly and the
roughly they could he taught by the use of
the blackboard than by ordinary means.
After this address the.questlou of oral and
Mar k board teaching was dhcusscd in full I
by teachers and professors presents
This afternoon at 4 o'clock Professor E.
8. Jovncs, of Washington and Lcc Culver-
f-it v, delivered an address on teaching Eng.
ben grammar, so complete In its entirety
that we will not mar It by an attempt to
vivo an abstract. Sutliee it to sav that the
subject was treated in t he thorough and ex
haustive manner characteristic of the
learned lecturer. Min.
Lkxixoton, October 21, 1871.
Last evening the Teachers' Institute had
their meeting at the Methodist church to
hear nu address from the Rev. Dr. Scar?,
but owing to a political meeting which was
ST-'ing on at the court-house, the attendance
was so small that it was determined to post
pone the delivery of the address until this
mornintr. Tn its place a discussion ot the
question of teaching English grammar, the
subject of Professor Joyne.^s lecture tn the
afternoon, was entered upon by Dr. Sears, I
Professor Joync*, of Washington and Lee
University, and Colonel J. T. L. Preston, I
of the Virginia Military Institute. The
debate was nigtily interesting, Instructive,
and witty.
At the Courthouse speeches were made
by Colonel Poague, one of the Conserva
tive candidates for the Legislature, Mr.
George Walker, and Major .Tames IL Dor
man. The meeting was large and enthusi
astic, and all the speakers concurred in de
nouncing the course ot Dr. Graham, the
independent candidate, who, not being
nominated by the convention for reelection,
has set up a howl of dissatisfaction and en
tered the field on his own responsibility.
The harm brought about by such u couri-e
of conduct was clearly shown not so ureal j
here, where the Conservative element so
great Iv preponderates, but utterly perni
cious as an example to the people of East
ern Virginia, where the contest between
Conservatives and Radicals is so close.
Thi-* morning at 10 o'clock the Teachers'
Institute met agaiu ut the Presbyterian
lecture-room. The exercises of ttie day]
were opened with an address by Major J.
A. Hotclikiss, of Staunton, on the subject
of teaching geography. Its interest, its im- i
portance, aud tne best method of imparting
a thorough knowledge of the study. This
lecture evinced an intimate acquaintance I
with the subject was extremely entertain- I
ing. and abounded with practical bits,
which will doubtless be of great utility to 1
the teachers who heard it.
Dr. Sears then delivered an address ou
public schools, a subject to which he has
devoted his life, arguing in their favor
First, that society has a ri^ht to and
needs all the talent that God has given to
man, and that this talent can only be de
veloped by general education.
Second, that this general education can
I In* brought about by public schools aud in
uo other way.
i t hird, that if it could, that it can be
j done cheaper lu public than private
schools and
Fourth, that it can be done better since
the principle of gradation, which enables
the teacher to instruct all tiie cla?s at the
same time, instead of a single member,
cannot l>e applied in private schools owing
to their limited number aud non-cothdina
tion with one another.
Dr. Pendleton replied in opposition.
Professor A. L. .Nelson, of Washington
and Lee University, delivered a lecture
on arithmetic, elucidating the fundamental
rules.
Mr. Jacob Fuller nude a few remarks on
the manipulation of fractions alter which
the Assembly adjourned. Min.
Church Si*it Decider? Judge Wing
tie Id on yesterday rendered a decision in
the Hopewell Church case, iu Campbell,
remanding the church building to the pos- j
session of the Methodist Protestant mem
bership. Tne case, a3 we understand it,
was that the church was originally built by
the Methodist Protestants for their exclu
sive workmanship. Some time since a num
ber of the meraoers of the church with
drew from it and connected themselves
with the Methodist Episcopal Church
South, and endeavored to take over with
them the right to the building. The re
maining members resisted, and the matter
was carried into court, with the re-ult
above stated. Lynchburg News. I
The Injunction Case? Tyson Enters a
New Suit.? Lynchburg, Ya October 23,
x 1*. M.? The Tyson injunction suit to re
train the organization of the Atlantic JVlis
sivippi, and Ohio railroad, and the issue of'
its 1 10 !uls, which was dismissed in Rich
mond on the 20th instant, has been reinstl
l tiled before the United States Ciicuit Court
tor the western district at this pUce. The
bil! I is signed by J. Dean Smith, William and
ant el' 116 r?r lll(^ coinplain
1 he order of Judge Bond fixes the loth of
November as the time lor hearing the castT.
Special dispatch to the Progress.
Speaking of the Tyson suit, tli? Lynch
burg Republican says:
If we are to believe the many theories
which are now in circulation, a now phase
is given to the histoi y of this farce. It
seems that the moving spirits in this mat
ter were citizens of Lynchburg, some of j
the old clique whose* determination to
inle or ruin has kept the city so far in
the back ground these sapient anti-con
solidationists hatched the Tyson plan and
cave it being.
Proceedings are to be instituted before
Judge Kives, and this time these immacu
late Virginians are to appear in peison in
company with Mr. Tyson, to give respecta
bility to the application, and to relieve it, I
if possible, of some of the odium of foreign
interference which was so fatal to the firstl
movement. j
Kumok.? There was a minor on the
streets this morning that the Richmond,
Fredericksburg and Potomac railroad and
the A quia Creek line of steamers had
been purchased by the Pennsylvania Cen
tral Railroad Company for ?3,000.000, but
the president of the road reported to be
sold, who was in this city on Saturday last,
knew nothing of it.? Alexandria Gazette.
Suootino Affaiu.? Oil Saturday last an
altercation arose at Peterstovvn between
Thoiuas Dulany. and Jacob II. Peck, from
mi offensive remark alleged to have beeu
made by one of the parties. Landon Smith,
the constable, seeing the affair about to
come to blows, interfered to preserve the
peace, and while standing between the par
ties received a pistol buiiet discharged by
Dulany at Peck. The ball shattered his
colls--bone and penetrated the chest, from
which we learn it could not be extracted.
Mr. Smith is reported to be in a critical
condition. Dulany has absconded, declar
ing his purpose to shoot Peck. Au old
grudge Is said to have been at the bottom
of this unfortunate affair.? Monroe Register.
General Tochman is about to become per
manently a resident of Spotsylvania. Some
years ago he purchased a tract of laud from
Mr. John Decker containing 1,600 acres, in
the upper part of the county, and it i9
there the General intends locating. He
will speedily erect a nice residence, build
barns, establish a fish-pond for his private
use, cut a new road out to the railroad, and
otherwise improve aud adorn his new
establishment? in all of which we wish him
the most entire success,? Fredericksburg
Herald.
Pick-Pockets One op the N o m b e b
Comes to Chief.? On Thursday of last
week a well-dressed, dandified young sprig
of rascality registered at the Washington
House under the name of (k W. E. Prentiss, I
Richmond.' He took supper, ordered a1
room, and made himself comfortable until
Friday evening, when he joined the crowd
of visitors which had just arrived on the
evening trains, and registered under the
same name at the Orange House. He took
but one meal and lodged one night at this
house, returning to his old quarters at the
Washington. Yesterday morning he called
at the OraDge House, paid his bill, and pro-
ceedod to the Southside depot, intending to
leave on the traiu which was then
nearly ready to start. On enteriug
the train he dexterously removed
Colonel James M. Langhorne's watch
from his pocket, but was fortunately de-
tected by a porter named Elisha Ilill, who
promptly notified Policeman Dawson. The
policeman searched the culprit carefully,
but laded to find the watch but as the
porter was absolutely certain it was in his
possession, the search was repeated, when
the watch was found under the cushion on i
his seat. Prentiss was taken in custody
and marched off to the police office, where
"7 1
he ww utrlpped and thoroughly examined.
A gold watch and 1450 in mono? were found
on his person. He was lodged In jail, and
will have a preliminary* hearing before the
Mio or this morning.
Frentia* Ik believed to be the party who
stole a valuable gold watch from Judge W.
W. Marshall, of Mississippi, nt tbe Orange
platform, Sunday evening. The Judge, on
entering the train, hud his way obstructed
by a young man very much resembling Pren
tiss, and missed the watch immediately
afterwards. The number of watches stolen
since the opening of tho fair is known to he
four? all gold am! very valuiblr one dia
mond pin, worth $700, and several poekct
books, the value of which is unknown.
There is strong reason to believe that Pren
tiss is one of a pang of four who arrived
here about the opening of the fair.? Lynch
burg Republican.
Milk Trade with Richmond.-? A meet
ing of a portion of those interested in esta
blishing tbis new business wa? held on the
18th instant, according to previous notice,
at the Augusta county Fair.
,7. B. Stuart, Esq., was called lo the chair
and A. Koiner requested to act as secre
tary.
The object of the meeting was explained
to be for the collection of all I he informa
tion which can be obtained In relation to
the establishment of a permanent and pro
fitable trade in the article of milk with the
city of Richmond. It was ascertained that
from the quantities indicated by parties in
terested that 2,000 gallons would soon be
offered for sale.
After a free comparison of views it was
decided to obtain definite and positive as
surances from the Chesapeake and Ohio
Railroad Company as to the eosts of trans
portation and the accommodations which
can be relied on in furtherance of this en
terprise. To that end it wan
Resolved That a committee consisting of
Samuel JI. Bell, David Condon, and A.
Koiner be appointed to lay this subject
before tho railroad authorities and obtain
the best terms for the accommodation of
this business.
The committeo wore also authorized to
convene the friends of this enterprise at
such time and place as they shall thick
best, and report their and con
clusions.
A lively general interest was luauifested
in this new subject ou tl.o part of many of
the most substantial men along tho line of
the railroad. The opinion was coniidently
expressed that if the people of Richmond
will favor the enterprise, il will open a new
and profitable buiiuess.
The Staunton and Richmond papers are
requested to copy these proceedings.
B. S'i'tUBT, Presideut.
j A. Koiner, Secretary.
James Crary is apppointcd post mas ter at
Capper Spring?, Frederick count?, r ice
Mrs. C. A. Riues, resigned W. M. Bagley
is appointed at Columbian Grove, Lunen
burg county, vicc Sarah Russell, resigned
Reese B. Duffer at Belfast Mills, Russell
county, vice Crabtree Taylor, resigned
William Brittin at Spencer's Store, Henrv
county, vice P. G. Penn, rcsigued C. W.
Jones'at Martinsville, Henrv county, vice
David Parley, removed.
Judge Muscoe Garnett,of Essex county,
has been experimenting in sweet potato
raising this season, and has grown some
weighing nearly live pounds, and bushels
that welshed three and four pounds.
Fredericksburg Herald.
Marshall Parks and Thomas R. Borland
are the new Conservative nominees for the
House of Delegates in Norfolk city.
Mr. C. C. Robinson, of Portsmouth, died
last Sunday.
A Terrible Railroad Accident? A
Mail Agent Killed and His Body Burned
to Ashes.?' The mail train which left Cum
berland. Mil., for Pittsbugh ut 8:40 A. M.
on Friday last, consisting of one oyster
car, one mail, one baggage and express car,
and two passenger coaohcs, collided with a
I freight train coming east at a point about
sixty-nine miles west of Cumberland, by
which both engines and a number of cars
were badly wrecked, and the oyster car,
and the mail, baggage und express car, to
gether with uearly all their contents, were
consumed by tire.
But the most terrible, heart- sickening
part of the account was that Mr. Moses Col
lins, United .States mail agent on the train,
bad been crushed to death, and his body
almost wholly consumed in the lire which
followed the disaster.
The trains were running at full speed,
and as they n eared each other the ahrm
was sounded, but too late to avoid a head
long and terrific collision. The engines
reared up against each other like living an
imals in conflict; the oyster-car telescoped
with the mail-car, crushing and shattering
It into splinters, and the stove in the mail
department setting the fragments on lire,
the wreck of both cars, together with the
mail, baggage, and express freight, were
totally consumed. The safe only of tha
Adams Express Company was dragged
by hooks from the burning pile, and the
contents were found to be almost wholly
uninjured. Not even the body of poor Col
lins could be rescued, although ellbrtswere
made to reach it, and bis comrades were
compelled to staud by and see it consumed
by the flames. Miraculous indeed was the
escape of Mr. Cooke (the baggage and ex
press man) and a newsboy, who were in the
ill-fated car at the time. They were both
knocked to the rear end of the car, from
whence they made their escape, slightly in
jured, by crawling out at the top, the roof
having been torn oft* by the force of the col
isioii." One brakemau had his leg broken,
and some of the othar employes on the trains
were more or less burt, out no passengers
wore injured. The engineer and tiremen
on both locomotives jumped from them in
time to save their lives.
The cause of the accident, it is said, is at
ttibutable to the freight conductor, a very
young man, who stales that liis watch was
out of order, or had slopped, lie was out
of his time lorty minutes, it is said.
Mr. Collins had been recently appointed
postmaster at Connellsville. and Friday's
trip was to have been his last as mail agent.
He leaves a wife aud family residing in Fay
ette county, Penn. He was about flfty
four years old.
The Reign of Terror in South Caro
lina Wholesale Arrests Imported
t Fight with Federal Tuoots? Columbia,
1 8. C\, October 22.? There has been nothing
definite received here as to the reported
conflict between the citizens and the United
States troops at Broad river. Parties j
claiming to be In official confidence assert
that the* citizens, or kuklux, met with a re
pulse, though they were armed with Win
chester rifles. The military, however,
deemed it necessary to send for reinforce
ments, which would warrant the belief that
they met with a determined resist auce oia
the part of the alleged kuklux. Accounts
continue to state that the reign of terror
increases in Spartanburg, Uniou, aud lork
counties, and that the populace are tho
roughly demoralized. Whole families are
flyin" the State, and women aud children
are so far the greatest sufl'erers by the pro
clamation of martial law.
Arrest of citizens still continue, until
now nearly every prominent mau in tho In
surrectionary counties is imprisoned and
guarded by the military. Nineteen citi
zens were brought here to-day and lodged
in the jail. United States Mui k *1 Johnson
says that about sixty more will be brought
down to-morrow in charge of a stroug de
tachment of troops. Cavalry is chiefly used
in making raids and arrests. A private
soldier has been imprisoned at Yorkville
for advising citizens to fly and avoid arrest,
imprisonment, and the Albany peniten
tiary. Attorney-General Akerman visited
Yorkville about a weeksinceand instructed
the marshal, his deputies, and the troop3 as
to the course to be pursued after the pro
clamation of martial law.
A Singular and Fatal accident. A
telegram from Pittsburg, Penn., reports
that a young woman living near Oil City,
while engaged in wringing out a dre.-s sne
had just washed, ran a needle through tho
palm of her hand, from the effecuof which
she died in five minutes. She Is said to
bave been in entire health at the time of
the accident. m
The Tobacco Tax.-? Supervisor Pres
brey and Mr. Kimball, of the Internal Reve
nue Bureau, have returned from their se
coud visit to Virginia, In connection with
the tobacco interests. On this occasion they
extended their conferences with manufac
turers to Lynchburg and Danville, and the
result will soon be apparent in action whicn
will have a most important bearing on the
tobacco tax and the interests of the trade
generally. A thorough reform ia needed,
the chief features of which will proftahty to
ft uniform t?x, and tbe abolition of tbe bond*
cd warehouse pystom. Commissioner Don
glasi will conftlder this nubject in hl? annual
report, and bin recommendations, what
ever they shall be, will bo the result of the
verv thorough Investigation which he is
giving to the subject.? New York Times.
Destucctivh Forest Fiues in Northbun
Xuw Yohk .?Rochester, N. Y., October 23.
Fires are r?ig?t?if In the woods for many
miles around. This c'ty is enveloped with
smolce, nnd it 1ms been so dark to-day that
it was neeewnry to useli?hts. The marches
are also on lire. The woods around the
Sinker settlement, near Troy, are burning,
and much damage is feared.
Ftinn-houses and other buildings near
Walworth. Wayne county, have been
burned. Several houses, straw and hay
stacks, with the large wood, opposite Se
neca Point, Canandaigua Lake, were burned
to-day. It is also reported that a man web
burned to death. A rumor comes from Al
bion that a Prussian settlement north of
Albion, Orleans county, was burned to
day. The wind has subsided. This eve
ning the country Is very dry, and there Is
no hope of the fires being extinguished un
til heavy rains occur.
A large fire Is raging in the Shawanqunk
mountains near Port Huxon. Several hun
dred acres are already burned over. A
larce fire is also raging in the woods at
Flatbush, near Rondbut.
Personal anp Political.? A letter re
ceived Monday from General Sherman
states that Lis father-in-law, Hon. Thomas
Ewing, Sr., is lying at the point of
death, and cannot possibly survive. His
age is eighty-four.
Ex- -Attorney-General Hoar called on the
President ilorid iy morning to oppose the ef
forts of General ftutler to get certain Fede
ral official* displaced in Massachusetts who
opposed But ler's nomination for Governor.
The President does not seem disposed to
interfere in the premises either for or
against Butler.
The Denver Narrow Gaugr.? Phila
delphia, October 23.? General Palmer, pre
sident of the Denver and Rio Grande rail
way, telegraphs from Denver, Colorado, to
the trustees here that the road was finished
to-day to Colorado Springs, seventy-six
miles, and is now open :br travel and
freight. This is the pioneer three-foot road
of the country, and a numlar of officers of
other narrow-gauge roads throughout the
Union are now at Denver to examine its
operations. Surveys are pushing to Santa
Fe and the St. Louis valleys.
Barney Aaron, bruiser, &c., has turned
up" in New York unharmed by rope or
fire, notwithstanding the circumstantial
newspaper accounts of his lamp-post ex
periences in Chicago.
11AIL,R?A1> LINIS.
Departure of passenger
TK A I N I*. HHJUMON l\ K ICkDKKlCKS
BURG AND POTOMAC RAILROAD. Day
train, C::o A. M. i Bight train (except on Hun
days), at 8:45 r. M. accommodation train, 4:30
1'. M.
RICHMOND AND PETERSBURG RAIL
ROAI) Mull trains at 3:15 A. M. and 2:30 P.
Al. acooinmod-illon train, 8 A.M. and 4:40 P. M.
RICHMOND AND JJA NVILLR RAILROAD.
Through trilns, 4:(5 A. M. and 2:10 P. A!.; Lynch
burg, 8:15 A. Al. accommodation to Burkevtlle,
5:0.- P. M.
(JHKSA PfCAKE AND OHIO RAILROAD?
Mall train, *:3d A. M. accommcd,?ti.>n to Gor
donsvllle. 3:35 P. AI., except on Saturday, on
which d*v 5 i'. M.
RICHMOND AND YOHK RIVER RAIL
RO A D. ?Passenger trait:, 3 P. M? connecting
with steamers at Point dally (except Sun
days).
ATOTICE TO TRAY ELLERS.? Through
1^1 FIRST O-.ASifciid KMIilKANT TICK UTS
c n In.- procured at all th? principal railroad of
Ucca for LOP'tflANA and Tf X AH at reduccd
rates, maklpg I'ose connections at Mobile with
Morgan's line for New Orleans and Galveston,
avoiding all transfers and hot* I expanses. For
further lnfoiinntlon, apply to J. P. JUSTIS,
oc. 6-3m No. o Fifteenth s'reet, hlclitnend.
STEAMBOAT jLlSfESL
rjllANGE OF SCHEDULE.*
The fa3t and elegant side-wheel steamer TaLI
SM)E, Captain 1IaRLK8 N KMiON, will leave
h*r wharf at Powhatan Steamboat Company's
shed) Roc It cits for Kind's Mill aud all landings on
Jainea river at 7 o'clock A. M. evei y TUESDAY,
THURSDAY. and SATUKDAi*. Returning, will
k*avti King's Mill' every MONDAY, WKDNES-.
DAY, and FRIDAY at S o'clock A. M., touch
ing at all the regular landings oil the river.
Freight received dally.
Ali freight to way landing* must be prepaid.
Thimday's trips to Chlckahomlny river discon
tinued.
For further partlcniars, apply to Captain od
bo:<r',orto 1VM. 1*. BRETT, Agent,
se30 Powhatan Steamboat .-limits.
PHI L ADEL VHIA, R1C
MONl> AN1> NORFOLK mtka g
SHIP LINE? FOR I' i'l 1 L A DE L P H I A TWICE A
WBKK Srlcuu i-ro NORFOLK, SA LVOR, and J.
alternately. Kreigfit received dally (except Sun
days), cheaper thau h7 any other route, for all
parts of Pennsylvania and New Jersey; also for
New Orleans via Southern Mali Hteamship l.lnt
from Philadelphia. Freight taken for Norfolk at
Mi oil'. .rate nu-_'2.
PasHatre. to i'blladelphia, Including meals anc
?taieroom, St.
W. P. PORTER, Agent,
No. U2B Dock street, Richmond.
WM. P. CLYDE CO., Agenta,
No. U North Wharves, and
ft IB Jf<?. H South Wharves. Philadelphia,
NAT 1 ON A L LI NE-S TEAM stfr&L
TO QIIKENSTOWN ANl>2SeMl
LIVERPOOL. -The first-class thamships or tills
Hue call from pier 47 .North river, New York,
every SATURDAY.
Rates op Passaow First cabin, to Liverpool,
eenstowo, or London, direct, #75 and $65 steer
age, >2S payable In curreucy. From Liverpool,
l.oudond-rrv, C^ueenstown, or Glasgow, to New
York, prepaid, t,teerag?, $32, currency.
Passengers booked to or from other points In
England or the contluent at cheap currency rates.
For further information, apply at the office of
the company, to F. W.J. HUnST, Manager,
69 Broadway, New York, or 10
JOHN W. WYATT, Agent,
oc 6-3m 3 Governor street, Klchmond. va.
JAMKS RIVER STEAMBOAT/fl^am* j
O OMP A N Y F OR N K W YORK, jBBggaKi
JiV LAND AND WATER? New auti popular
flrat-claas route to New York via James river and
Chesapeake bay to Baltimore, and from tbeace by
rail to Philadelphia and New York.
Fare to New York..... f 13 g?
14 Philadelphia M
Baltimore.^. 0 W
M Norfolk IX)
Excursion tickets to Norfolk and re
turn 3 00
Tickets cold and baggage checked hrough at
Garber it Co.'s Express, No. 82d Main 3treet, and
ou board steamer John aylvester.
The above varied route commends Itself espe
cially to tourists *n<1 p!ea.surt--He<-kers, enabling
them to PAMS THROUGH DUTCH GAP and see
other points oi interest on A ta k:i river BY
Daylight. r,. b. tatijm, oenUAsent
James ftlver steamboat Company.
Offici', llh and Main atreeU and at Rockettd.
nu itf- 3m
SiifflXU.MACM 1SIFJ8.
fJ^HE WJLLCOX GIBBS.
This greu southern Invention is fast superse
ding thecompllcattd lock-stitch and double-threid
machine! both In Europe and America. Nearly
7,000 lo?k-s*.ltch machines were exchanged in part
payment for the WILLC'OX Jt GIBBS In one
year In New York city. One dealer there has
made oath that he alone received In exchange for
the Wlllcex X' Glbbs Machine *00 Wheeler A Wil
son, 800 fc-'loger, 300 G rover Baker, 200 Howe, and
1,275 of other makers.
To prove the superiority of our machine, we
will, on application, ship to any responsible ad
dress, to be returned at our expense ir It does not
give entire satisfaction, a machine for
ONE MONTH'S
TRIAL BEFORE PURCHASE.
JAM*'S K. GLBBS,
Ninth and Hank streets,
oc 13-3m Richmond, Va.
N EXAMINATION OP THE WIL
SON SHUTTLE IrE WING-MACHINE an
swers all questions, solves all d mbta. and prevenrs
mistakes, by giving you the very best machine In
the world. Agents wanted everywhere. .extra- I
ordluary inducements, l'rlce. $50.
G. W. MCGINN I ?S CO., General Agents,
oc 18-lm* 831 Broad street, Richmond, Va.
IT IS A FACT THAT THE GROVER
A BAKER SE WING-MaCHINE COMPANY
manufacture a MACHINE that takes the same
6titch as the Mnger, W heeler W llson. Howe, and
others of that cla&s, and In mauy respects superior
to any other sbuitle machine made. Those wan/
lug machines should call and examine them at9
Broad at. corner of oth,
se 29 G. N. W. DARBY, Agents.
CEWIiSG-MACH)NE? OF ALL KLND?
C5 REPAIRED. The 8LOAT ELLIPTIC SEW
ING MACHINES BOUGHT and SOLD. We sell
the only PROPER NEEDLES for the BLOAT
ELLIPTIC MACHINES.
SLOAT ADDINGTON,
mv I 1415 Carv *tre*t? near 14th.
N
O I ICE.? I am dow prepared to put up
tl? (*Et.EURATED JMPRoVKD DlA
SONL FIRE-PLACE JH EATER,- for heating
ree or four r?>orua. Repalrlug-platts for Flie
place Heaters a'ways on hand. AUo, a large as
sortment of Gas Chandeliers and Fixtures of all
kinds Old Gas Fixture Kebronzed and made aa
good as new by JoHN BOWERS,
(Successor to Yale, Bowers A vale,) Don Block,
Governor street, Richmond, VfU s?4-Sm
TELEGBAPHIO NEWS.
Sew York Block sn4 Sooer Market.
New Tons, October 24.? Money has tightened.
Sterling uncbnngcd. Gold, Gorern.
meats heavy ana inactive 'OS's, 114J. States
stronger, especially Tennessee's. North and
South Carolina's very steady. TenneafeJs, ?3|;
new, fl?J Virginia's, COJ; new, 62. Louisiana'*,
05; new, 57. Levee's, 04 8's, 73. Alabama's, 95;
5's, eS. Goorgla'a, 80 7's, 82. North Carolina's,
lo nt?w, 18. Kou'h Carolina's, 72 new, 42.
State Council Friend# o* Temperance.
Special telegram to the LMspatcb.
Charlottesville, Ya., October 24.? The
State Council of the Friends of Temperance
met at the hall of Liberty Council, No. 11,
this afternoon at 4 o'clock, Worthy Associ
ate "William Hail Crew In the chair.
An address of welcome was made by the
Rev. Jacob Manning, chaplain of No. 11,
and responded to by the Rev. J. P. Gar
land, of Manchester Council, No. 102, and
ehaplain of the State Council.
The Council was regularly called to order
at half-past 7 o'clock, the following officers
in the chair W. Hall Crew, president P.
E. Dr. J. L. Leitch, associate Rev. J.
Powell Garland, chaplain; Rev. W. B.
Wellons, secretary Rev. John A. Jeffer
son, treasurer R. S. Morgan, conductor
J. H. Gentry, sentinel P. M. Latham, ex
president, P. T.
The secretary reported the credentials of
above one hundred delegates correct.
The new members were introduced and
duly initiated as members of the State
Council.
On motion, active and associate members
were admitted to seats'in the Council.
The President called for the reading ol
the proceedings of last session, whereupon,
on motion of Rev. Mr. Leitch, the readme j
was dispensed with and the published pro- 1
ceedings were adopted.
The President's semi-annual report was j
then read which was referred to the ap
propriate committee.
Border Agricultural Fair.
Special telegram to the Dispatch.
Danville, Va., October 21.-The Border
Agricultural Society commenced its tilth
annual exhibition here this morning. The
attendance is qu'to large for the first day.
The farmers seem to be out In fuller force,
and to take more interest than any other
class. The display ot tobacco Is unques
tionably the finest eyer presented in Vir
ginia, there beiug over 1G0 different sam
ples on exhibition.
j The exhibition of stock is very fine.
Among the entries may be mentioned eight
blooded stallions, eight brood mares,
fifteen blooded oolts, four fine saddle
horses, six gent's siugle driving horses
and two pairs match horses. As fast trot
ters, Oliver Twist, Mountain Girl, Stone
wall, and Flyaway have been entered.
These are to compete tor a purse of $350.
The Charlottesville Woollen Mills have
on exhibition a splendid display of woollen
fabrics.
The cattle, hog, and sheep entered are
unsurpassed some of them cannot be ex
celled anywhere.
The display of furniture and hardware
Is very good.
The iloral hall is crowded with a magni
ficent assortment of preserves, wines,
pickles, jellies, and such delicacies.
In the ladies' department is exhibited a
magnificent array of embroidery, needle
work, &c.
Tho houses of Watt Kuight, of Rich
mond, and Crews liodenhizcr, or Dan
ville, arc fully represented in the depart
ment of agricultural implements. A fuller
exhibition of this department is expected
tomorrow.
The entries of gent's driving horses for
the premium for style and speed were:
James Neal's bay horse General Wise,
Ilatchell's Hawk, and Cardwell's black
horse. General Wise took the premium.
Edmunds's Mountain Girl, Harvey's Cos
sack, and Williamsou's Maggie, for the
trotting race, best three in five, was won
by Mouutain Girl. Time: 2 :56. The driver
of Mountain Girl ran into Cossack's sulky
and was thrown from his sulky, having a
narrow escape from death. Both sulkies
were badly broken.
Governor Walker and staff arc expected
to-morrow.
The Indications are that the Fair will be
the grandest success of any heretofore.
Tlie Fair ol' ttie fa roll can.
Special telegram to tha LMepatdi.
Chaiilotte, N. C., October 21.? Owing
to the unsettled condition of the adjoining
portion of South Carolina, martial law,
&c., and heavy rains last night, the Fair of
the Carolinns is not as successful as was
expected. The exhibition, however, is very
good, all the circumstances considered.
There is uot a very large number of line
cattle, and none from Virginia. Forty-odd
horses have been entered for the highest
premiums. In the agricultural department
J. W. Card well Co. enter a horse-power
aud separator; P. II. Starke enters two
one-horse, two double, and two three-horse
ploughs H. M. Smith Co. enter Vir
ginia horse-power, Old Dominion cider
mill, well fixtures, Southern corn-slieller,
and corn-planter; W. E. Tanner Co.,
four-horse engine. The mineral depart
ment, under the charge of Captain C. C.
McPhail, of Richmond, is very large and
Interesting, as showing the mineral wealth
of the State. Track so heavy to-day that
no horses were allowed to go on it. The
fair grounds are new, but very pretty, and
well arranged for much larger exhibitions
than the present one.
A company of United States artillery sta
tioned here were sent off to Rutherford
county, where it Is reported serious dis
turbances have occurred.
Many additions to-night to the crowd
now here.
Railroad Affairs.
St. Louis, Mo., October 24.? Eight col
lectors of county taxes in this State will
sell certain railroad property in despite of
the appeal by the Iron Mountain road to
the United States Supreme Court.
Atlanta, Ga., October 24.? Parties are
seizing the rolling stock and other property
of the Brunswick and Albany railroad for
debts. The iron for the road was seized at
Brunswick. No payments have been made
for some time. Kimball's inability to pay
is said to result from looses by the Chicago
tire. There are rumors of the repudiation
of State bonds hypothecated by him. Go
vernor Bullock has seized the road and
placed it in the hands of Colonel John Scri
ven, of Savannah. He and R. H. Brown,
attorney for the road, have gone to New
York to Investigate the affairs of the com
pany. Many rumors are afloat, but no
thing more (lefinite than above stated.
Steamer'# Crew Attacked by Un
known Persona.
New Orleans, October 24.? The crew of
the steamer Planter, upon going ashore for 1
water near Mulatto Bayou, was fired into
by unknown parties, and two of them mor
tally wouudea and one severely.
The Chicago Shootlnff Affair.
Chicago, October 24? The coroner's jury
in the case of Grosvener, who was shot on
Saturday night by young Treat while the
latter was on guard as military police be-
cause Grosvener refused to respond to his
challenge, have rendered a verdict that
Grosvener was shot without sufficient
cau*e. The verdict was supplemented by
the explanation that Treat supposed he
was acting under the orders of those who
placed him on guard. Treat has been ar
retted.
UTHT FROM WAIHUfflW
THE "H0HNET" Q0E8TI0N IN THE CABINET.
W A.8MNOTON, October 24.? The question
of the steuineflHornet, blockaded in a Hay
tien port by a' Spanish fleet, has been con
sidered in the Cabinet. The Government
holds that bearing the American fhg and
beinn under bonds to this Government en
titles the Hornet to the freedom of neutral
j waters. Diplomatic correspondence has
I made some progress, and an early release
j of the steamer is expected.
The Star rays A. strong effort Is being
made to effect the removal of Colonel Robb,
collecter of customs at Savannah, and ap
point in his place Mr. James Atkins, "Who,
it is >ald, is backed by Senator Hill and the
congressional delegation from Georgia.
Robb' s friends, however, claim that he will
not be removed."
Commissioner Delano has left the city to
be absent until Friday. I
THE SOUTHERN CLAIMS COMMISSION. I
"Washington, October 24.? The Southern,!
Claims Commission to-day considered the I
caees of Mrs. Caroline Hester, of Frederick
county, Va., amounting to over $14,000,
and Alexander Baytes, of Alexandria, for
over $900. j
Ex-Lieutenant-Governor Cow per, of Vir
ginia, was before the commissioners to-dav, j
and made an argument relative to certain
business under consideration. i
SwHATHEB PROBABILITIES.
"Washington, October 24.? The barome-
ter will probably continue high on Wed
nesday from the lower lakes to the middle
and east Atlantic, with clear or clearing I
and smoky weather. Cloudy weather will
continue on the south Atlantic coast, and1
an area oi low barometer will extend from
Missouri to Wisconsin, with easterly
winds on hkes Michigan and Superior.
No important change lor the Uulf coast.
FOKEICttf NEW4,
Franco.
Versailles, October 24.? Tn the six de
partments named in tbe receutlv-concluded
treaty tbe evacuation ol' tbe Prussians is
proceeding quietly.
In the Supreme Council of Corsica the
Bonapartist party on a test vote have been
defeated by two majority. It is currently
reported that Prince Napoleon has ten
dered his resignation as a member of the
Council.
Paris, October 24.? A boiler exploded
at Bordeaux, in the department Du Nord,
killing ten persons and hurting many
others.
Paris, October 24? The Duke D'Aumale
has been elected ol tho General Council in
the department of Oi*e.
M. Lockroy, in the Council of the De
partment of the Seine, to-day irnde a mo
tion in favor of amnesty to tbe Commu
nists.
It is said that the Bonapartists intend to
agitate the impeachment of the Govern
ment of ibe 4th ol September, the dissolu
tion of the Natioual Assembly, and a ple
biseitum to decide the future form of go
vernment.
Germany.
THEATRE BURNING.
Darmstadt, October 24?7 P. M.? The
theatre is burning.
London.
THE TIMES ON THE HORTON AFFAIR.
London, October 24.? The Times this
morning suggests the appointment of an
impartial commission to settle any interna
tional ditliculty which may grow out of the
"cutting out" of the schooner Uorton.
It believes that any complications will thus
be compromised promptly and on an equi
table basis.
ihe Triennial Episcopal Convention. 1
Baltimore, October 24. The Conven
tion has resolved to entertain no new ques
tions and to restrain members to one ten
minutes' speech on anv subject except upon
the sul ject of ritualism.
Upou the vexed questions involving in
novations the committees report against
present action.
Tlie Xntiouitl Colored Convention, Ac.
Charleston, S. C., October 24.? In the
Colored Convention at Columbia an Ark
ansas delegate offered a resolution favoring
the renominalion of Geueral Grant lor
President; but the Convention adopted a
substitute declaring it impolitic to antici
pate the action uf the Kepublican patty.
There have been four deaths from yellow
fever here in the past twenty-four hours.
From Mormoudom.
Salt Lake City, October '24.? Mrs. Cooke
has entered suit against Britain Young
for money collected by him upon her hus
band's death. Mrs. Cooke was formerly a
Mormon, but is now an apostate.
The receipts ot gold and silver are daily
increasing.
Reports from Cromweli say that the dis
coveries of tin mines will work a great
revolution in the trade.
Salt Lake City, October 24.? In the
case of Hawkins, convicted of polygamy,
the defendant asks for his release on t he
ground that the verdict is illegal because it
fails to specify the nature and extent ol
punishment. The motion was overruled
and sentence deterred until Saturday.
The polygamies are excited over Haw
kins's fate.
The Mormons talk peace, provided
Brigliam Young is not imprisoned.
AfiitfrM ju Ctalgago.
Chicago, October 24.? The Bank ol
Montreal has decided to establish a branch
bank in this city as soon as a vault cau be
built.
The Evening Journal appeared this after
noon in a new dress.
Many Chicago banks located iu the South
Division are establishing branches in the
West Division.
The two political parties of this city and
county, in view of the present condition ot
afl'airs" growing out of the tire, are trying to
unite upon a union ticket for the city and
county oiiicers, to be voted for two weeks
hence, each having a share in the munici
pal office*.
The Chicago volunteers, doing patrol
duly since the tire, were mustered out of
service to-day by General Sheridan.
CleorKla Fair*.
Columbus, Ua., October 24.? The Second
Annual Fair of Muscogee county com
mences here on the 31st instant. It pro
mises to be a great success.
Augusta, Ot a., October 24.? The Annual
Fair of the Cotton States Association opens
on the 31st instant. Sixteen thousand dol
lars are offered In premiums. The city is
prepared to uccouimodate 20,000 visitors,
and it is anticipated that the fair will be
largely attended. Fine racing stock has
already been entered for the track pre-i
in! urns.
The Micbtffan Fire*.
Detroit, October 24.? The high winds
have rekindled the fires on the military
reservation, and Fort Hudson is now en
dangered.
The Hew York Forest Fire*.
Pouch keepsie, N. Y\, October 24.? The
atmosphere here is dense with smoke
from the burniug mountains aud forest in
Ulster county.
Forest Fire* lu Feunxy lvnuia.
H abrisburg, Pa., October 24.? The
mountains above Dauphin have been on
fire since Friday last. The surrounding
country Is filled with smoke.
Maryland Bacen.
Baltimore, October 24.? The annual fall
races or the Maryland Jtfekey Club com
menced to-day on the Pimlico course. The
weather was favorable.
Five races were run. The first was a hur
dle race for all ages. 2 miles, over eight hur
dles, $500 to the winner, and $200 to the
a cond. Four hordes started, and the race
resulted as follows Gaffney Talley's b.
g. Vesuvius, first A. Taylor's c. h. Dick
Jackson, second K. Shea's b. c. Astrono
mer, third and McDaniel's c. g. distanced.
Time, 3:38*.
Second Race.? lid Union stake for three
year olds, &">00 entrance, $100 forfeit, $1,000
added. There were forty-seven nomina
tions and only one started. McDaniel's
chestnut colt, Harry Basalt, walked over.
Third Race Annie S. Wood's stake for
two year olds, three-fourths of a mile, $200
subscription, half forfeit and $1,000 added.
Eighteen nominations? five started. Won
bv Gray Planet. Time, 1:17 X
Fourth Race.? Pimlico stakes for four
year old*; >100 entrance, hall forfeit,
11,000 suHed. Twelve nomlnftlon?~?oa
started. Preaknei? walked ovsr.
Fifth Race.- Compensation handicap,
made up last, ntght, two miles, for all sjres.
Parse $000, of which 9600 to first and 1100
to second horse. Seven entries and all
started. Sanford's bay filly Madam Dudley,
lirst Donohue's chestnut colt Alroy, se
cond. Time, 3:38.
Arreat of a Prof?s?tonal Forjer.
New York, October 34.? Detective* ar
rested last night Barry Young, whoae
ultases are B. S. Downer, J. fl. .Ransom,
arid Samuel E. Collins. For a long time ho
lias been successlully operating throughout
the country altering and forging checks.
He his been Identified by several of hia
victims.
The JHorton Imkroslle.
Ottawa, Canada; October 24.? A eorre*
spondent of the Express Bays that the case
of the schooner HortoD, stolen by Glouces
ter tishennen, is simply regarded as a viola
tion or the customs regulations.
Kmall Pox la PtaiiadeipkUu
Philadelphia, October 24.-During three
tbe present month there have
been 942 ca?es or small-pox in this city, of
which lol have resulted fatally. The dis
ease. however, is now abating. Thousands
are being vaccinated dally.
COMMERCIAL,
CORN AND FLODH FXCHANOB,
Richmond. Va., October u, wl i
orrxaiNOS.
Wlitnt.? White, 214 bushels. Red. M14 bus bete.
Corn ?White, W? bushels. Yellow, M bushels.
Mtx- d, 23 lnuhels.
Oats M8 bushels.
Meal. U bushels.
Flaxseed. 2 bushels.
SALES.
Wheat. Wlilte-ie* bunhels? at fl.7MSfl.77) for
vrrv ti'iod; $1.70 for good fl 85 for fair.
WheiU Heil? 754busboii?-in fl.M Tor seed; |L7?
for tr?.o J $1.65 tor l'.ir $1.60^/11.55 for common.
Corn White- 2. "o busuels? at tfsc. for prime new;
73c. for weevil-eaten o'd Yellow, ?8 busbete very
kooU new at Sic. Mlx*d, 14 bushel* very good old
at 76 22 bushels jrood new at 65c.
Oats.? 10 1 bushels -at 58c. for prime spring;
56 tor go d spring.
Meal.? is buihels unbolted at 72|c.J
Flax?eed.?1 bushels at f L80.
RK-EXH1BITED.
Corn White, 230 bushels.
COB.V AND FLOCB EXCHANGE MODIFICATION
OF TUB UUL18 UBGCLATIX BALES.
A special meeting of the Board of Directors of
.he Richmond Corn and Floor Exchange waa held
ast evening. Present Thomas Branch, preul
lmit, and J. H. Martin, SKCond vice-president,
and Coleman Wortliam, P. A. Sublett, G. B.
Stacy, L. L. Bass, John B. (Jary, G. A. Wailaoe,
Wiiliam H. Perkins, directors.
On motion of Mr. John B. Car/, the following
resolutions weift repealed
Resolved That prices for when, whether do
mardtd by sellers or offered by purchasers. shall
conform to multiples ot J| cents per bushel and
all advance bid* shall be z| cents per bushel or
mult pies lhereof.
"Resolved. When a seller offers several saaa.
plus of wii eat together, and declines to cell them
separately, a buyer's effer of ?u advance of 2|
ceita per bushel on one tlng'e lot shall not con*
s'.Uvue a bid the hid must be equal to 2$ cents per
bushel on the entire offering."
Aod on tilt further motion the following resolu
tions were adopted:
Resolved That prices for wheat, whether de
manded by steers or offered by buyers, shall con
lorm to multiples of one cent per bushel, and all
advance bids shall he one cent per buihal or mul
tiples th?reof.
Resolved, That when, a seller offers several
Fatup.es of *heat together, and declines to sell
them s&parately, a buyer's offer of one cent per
bushei on a single lot shall not constitute a bid
the bid must be equal to one cent per bushel on
the entire offering.
?'Resolved. That a seller declining to separate
several sample* of wheat, and aauerlng to the
pricta on each ilrst demanded by him, 1? at lib.
erty to sell at those prices, even thoug t not aggre
gating a full advance bid over auother offer made
Li?Re8olted. That section 8 of the regulations
adopted ou the 1st of July, 1807, be ameuded so as
to real as roliows:
M The minimum hid or c-ffer to be entertained
shall be cue ceut on all grain and Uu ceuta on
Hour.1
The Board then adjourned
P. G. Coon lax, Secretary.
Domestic >Iarkets-[BY Tkleorapd].
Nxvr YOB K? October 34? Cotton quiet and
weak tales, 2,200 bales uplands, 18 Jc,; Orleans,
I9t<?. Flour dull and drooping; common to lair
extra. 65 good to choice, $7.7o@|#.rt.
\Vhisk-y. iftl@Mr. Wheat Arm; winter red weai
erii, %1 r?5(<t*t !-i>. C"rn unchanged. Bice dull at
8?a.'. luik ?13.1?W?U1?. Beef qnlet. Lard
kTf'tle, lotc. Turpeut ne we&k at 0x?C9c Kosln
steady. Tallow steady at &|Cj9|c Freights dull.
1,
10, tut
I; 2SJ
Baltimore, October 24.? Virginia's, old,
bid; lid's, ?u bid; 07'a, 65 bid. Coupons, ola,
bid; new, 60 bid. West Virginia's, 2fJ bid;
abked.
Flonr dull ar.d demand H*ht. Wheat Arm. Corn
ijiileU Oats dull at 47@48c. Provisions ua
changed. W hi. key quiet ?t 95Jc.
PROPOSALS.
City Gab Wohkb.)
SPPKRINTENDaNT'8 OFFlCF,
Richmond. Va.. October 24, lsn.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received
0 at the office of the lower Gas Work?, RocketU,
until WEDNESDAY, November ^tli, at It M., for
furnishing and nnUlui uo in good worklug order
FOUR GAS PUKIFIERS. The drawings aud
specie ulons for this work can be seen, or any In
formation inspecting it obtained, by applyiug at
tne oflloe of the undersigned.
JOHN II. KNOWLES,
oc 25-flt Superintendent.
t FFICB CITY KXGIXKMR,
HICHMOND V A., October 20, 187L S
VTOTICE? TO ST ON E-MASONS.
JlN >-'E a lkD PROPOSALS will lie received at
this office till 12 o'clock M. on FRIDAY the 57th
In tantforthe l< XTttNslON OFTHF.CULVKBT
in the raviue. north of Clay slrtet, ketweeu Tentli
and lrleven'.h, 120 feet. Also, the EXTENSION
OFTHiC CllLVKRT Inihe ravine no-th of Jack
son str?et, little e^st of Fifth street, 25 feet.
Any Information desired can be obtained on ap
pl'catlon at this office.
The Committee on Streets reserve the right to
retct anyorall proposals.
CHARLES H. DIMMOCK,
oc 20 td City Engineer.
FKICB OF CITY KXOUBBB,
RICHMOND, Va., October 18 18<1.
"PROPOSALS WILL BE RECEIVED
X at this offlce until FRIDAY the
at 12 1*1.. for fui nHhlng and securing to the street
l?inpsTIV STKNCII.S for designation of streets
For further information, apply at, this office.
The Com in lttce on Streets retervea the right of
rejecting i.y or H. n!MM0CK,
oc ls-td City Engineer.
Officb City Excixbkb.)
Richmond, October 18, 1871 J
PROPOSALS WILL BE RECEIVED
X at this offire until FKlDaY the 27th Instant,
at 12 M., for NUMBERING such houses through
out the city aa may be now unaumbered. Fur?
ther lLform %tiou will be afforded upon applica
tion at this office.
he Commiitee on Streets reserves the right of
rejecting any or all proposals.
CHARLES H. DIMMOCK,
oc IS td City Engineer.
/CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAIL
CONTRACTORS FOR CR05*
hir,nM NO TRK8TLE WORK: -Proposals will
I Uie undersigned at the engineer's
*lc"poad# notll U M., November ?h,
JboutiMmllMofroii?" 11,0111,1 of New river, or
and^fa^e^foi^TOI 8K R-TwisTLKS^n fheCJi^M*
brier and Allcghiny dlvlalona.
catlor.a for U.e latter can be had ofM.to?
Randolph, division engino??, wfifcT Sul^S
Springs, ou and after October 20th Sulphur
specifications for cross-ties may be had on and
after October 15th, at the engln^r', om?,
Richmond, at White Sulphur, Richmond's k?iim
or Miller's Fe?ry. H. D. WIUTCOmB.1 1
Chief Enjrineer
oc 10-tNov 5 Chesapeake and Ohio railroad.
COMW1S6IOB KFJICHJJVTB. 7
John w. ^vtattToen^
PING aud COMMISSION MKRCMAMT, Mo.
3 Governor street, Richmond, Va., (post-office
box 13), agent for the <Md Dominion Steamahlp
C'oiu)iany, for New York loman Line, for Liv
erpool Anchor Line, for Glasgow; National
Line, for Liverpool. Je U
<T<OBACCO CARPET FELT,
FOR LIVIN'O UXDIR CA8P*T8?
A SURE PROTECTION AGAINST MOTHS.
This is simply our Virginia Cane Fibre Paper
with twtntv per cent, of tobacco stems mixed with
the fibre la process or manufacture, thereby
tiiaktng a perfect protection agalust moths. Coats
TWO DOIXABS TO A BOOM.
The ordinary carpet paddings are perfect moth
nests, and wbi n uat d the felt should be put over
them, or the felt may be used aloue.
LINING UNDER OILCLOTHS.
Our Deadening Felt is particularly adapted to
Uiis nurpo'.e, anceffectually prevents the wearing
of the oilcloth from rooghueei of boards or an
evenuess of fl<?ors, at a ct'Bt of I?0 than
ONE DOLLAR TO A ROOM.
For sale in quantity that may be desired by
ALBERT ORDWAY CO.,
4 GOVBBXOH tfVBBBT.
oc 7-eo<llsn .special Agent*.
f^EATHERS! FEATHERS t FEA
r the Rs I? All those lu want of I KATEUKRB
to nuke good beds for the winter ou be aappued
on the most reasonable terms at- my store, CM
Sixth street, or IM BmIb b*^
on U-eodln A WAUJUSTBUT^