itamttim
Tuesday, December 26,187JL
Christmas.
Christmas is here with all its joyful greet
ings, hilarious merriments, congratulatory ejac
ulations and social enjoyments. To one and
all we wish a merry, happy time. But espe
cially for our paying subscribers do we bespeak
a joyous, merry Christmas; for, having paid
the printer, they can buy their Christmas pres
ents with a clear conscience and a light heart;
and, so long as they bear that interesting rela
tion to us, may they remain in the enjoyment
of peace, plenty and prosperity, and may eve
rything conduce to their comfort, contentment
and happiness.
This also is the time when Santa Claus, leav
ing the seclusion of his ice-bound home, flits
rapidly round the earth, and from his ponder
ous sack draws forth the toys and Christmas
"goodies" with which he fills the gaping stock
ings that hang around the hearth. Now bright
wreath of evergreen make spring-time on our
walls, and kindly deeds make sumr_r in our
hearts. Now the scattering link? of the family
chain are once more united, _d the bonds of
friendship and affection m<~, r3 closely drawn to
gether.
But in the midst o*[ our eß j o yment and mutual
interchange of Meetings and kindly deeds, let
us not forge*-, that we celebrate this day because
on it, ei^ ateen hundred and seventy-one years
a 'Jne "Star of Bethlehem" arose. There
fore, let us celebrate it with thanksgiving, re
joicing and good cheer; let kind words and
good deeds be the order of the day, and in
every heart, let reign the feeling of "good will
to man." We should not celebrate it as a day
of feasting and merriment alone, but as in Eng
land, where young and old, rich and poor, high
and low, all assemble in their time-worn
churches when the clinging ivy clusters around
the Gothic towers and while pealing organ notes
reverbeate along the vaulted aisle return thanks
for the gift of a Saviour.
And whilst we return thanks for the comfort
and plenty with which we are surrounded, we
should remember tbe poor and needy. There
is suffering and privation, cold and hunger in
the homes of many. How can Christmas be a
day of rejoicing to them that know not where
to get their daily bread Therefore, lot us, by
making these less fortunate than ourselves, the
recipients of a portion of our christmas cheer,
render the day to them as well as to ourselves,
in something more than name, indeed a happy
christmas. Remember, that "he that giveth
unto the poor, lendeth to the Lord," and, as
Dean Swift said on one occasion, when reques
ted to preach a sermon for the benefit of the
poor, "Now, friends, if you are satisfied with
the security, down with the cash." Give freely
and generously that you may experience the
truth of tbe assurance that it is "more blessed
to give than to receive."
The Chicago Silver Smelting and Refining
Company's works were destroyed by fire on the
18th instant. Loss from $40,000 to $50,000.
No insurance. Three men were seen to-day to
throw some substance into a pile of debris on
Eighteenth street. They then fled. The sub
stance was afterwards examined, and found to
be composed of an explosive material, phos
phorous being one of the principal ingredients.
On exposure to any moisture it would at once
take fire and burn fiercely, there being nothing
which would extinguish it. The men are
doubtless icceniiaries, aud efforts are making
for their arrest.
_
The Baltimore Sun says that the fourteenth
amendment to the constitution and the judici
ary act of 1567 have very widely enlarged the
scope of the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.
So heavy are the appeals from decisions of the
State Supreme Courts that it is begiuning to be
doubtful whether the United States Supreme
justices can attend in person to any circuit bus
iness at all. It is stated that the new pressure
of cases will necessitate the presence of the en
tire court in Washington all the year round,
and that this will not even keep the docket
clear.
The Status of the Country.—ln bis forth
coming volume on the "Status of the Coun
try," Mr. Do Bow fixes the number of foreign
ers and their descendants in this country at
112,662, and of white Americans, descended
from residents in the country, in 1790, at 22,-
-323,883. Table No. 4of the population tables
of the ninth census gives 10,892,015 as the
number of inhabitants having one or both pa
rents of foreign birth, while the number of for
eign-born is but 5,556,540. Mr. De Bow's
number, though much nearer than other esti
mates, is not altogether accurate.
The report of the Civil Service Committee
sent into Congress on tho 19th, by the Presi
dent, recommends a series of rules, grouping
all official positions, with the exception of the
Cabinet and some Bureau officers and the pet
ty classes of Postmasters, into grades, and pro
vides that applicants shall pass an examination,
and if successful shall first be appointed to the
lowest grade, and that promotions shall also be
by similar examinations. Contributions levied
upon the salaries of Government employees for
political purposes are forbidden.

Mr. Lewis, presented in the Senate, on the
_oth, a petition from Richard H. Garrett, of
Caroline county, Virginia, asking compensa
tion to the amount of 525 for his barn and
goods destroyed by Col. Baker to effect the
capture of John Wilkes Booth and D. C. Har
rold, in 1805. Booth and Harrold, it will be
remembered, were concealed in Garrett's barn,
and it was destroyed by fire in order to get
them.
The Baltimore American says that the ac
tion of the Virginia House of Delegates to
wards stopping the issue of the new State
bonds until financial affairs may be reviewed,
had the effect of reducing the securities in this
market yesterday to GO per cent. Our Rich
mond correspondent, however, writes that there
is no danger of repudiation, although it is pos
sible that no more of the public debt will be
funded.
The Committee of Investigation appointed
by the Radical caucus of tbe Senate excites
great and just indignation. It is composed of
six Radicals of the Morton stripe, and one
Democrat. Another Democrat has been added
—but tbe Reform Republicans are wholly ex
cluded. Mr. Sumner indignantly denounces
the injustice of this exclusion. It is taken as
conclusive that no fair investigation is to be
had—and that all frauds which may damage
the party will be carefully concealed.
The Column Vendome of Paris has been put
together with the exception of the part which
commemorated tbe victories over the Prussians.
The efforts of the police to find those portions
have utterly failed. La Press adds that the
Column will soon be replaced upon its pedes
tal.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF VIRGINIA.
Senate.—Wednesday, Dec. 20.—A number
of House bills were referred, and several com
mittees reported. The president laid before the
Senate a communication from the Governor ac
companying printed copies of the returns made
by the county judges of thirty-two counties,
and informing the body that the balance of the
returns received are in tbe hands of the printer
and will be delivered in a few days.
Mr. Wynne offered a preamble and resolu
tion in regard to the boundary lines between
Virginia and the States of Maryland, North
Carolina and Tennessee.
A number of resolutions of inquiry ever pre
sented and adopted.
Mr. Anderson offered a preamble and resolu
tion, calling upon the auditor for more exact
information as to the condition of the Treasury,
which was adopted.
The consideration of the House joint resolu
tion suspending the funding of the public debt,
having been resumed, Mr. Cochran took tho
floor and made an able and exhaustive argu
ment in opposition to its passage. He contend
ed that the credit of Virginia was not only a
matter of affection and sentiment, but of the
very gravest material consequence, and if this
resolution was passed, untold miseries would
follow it for generations to come. The funding
bill he never regarded as perfect, but it was
certainly the very best thing that could have
been done then, and no more unobjectionable
plan is now proposed. As to carrying out the
provisions of that bill and paying interest, he
maintained that it could be done. Reviewing
the report of the auditor, he demonstrated that
that officer had made some mistakes, and had
not anticipated that more than $1,500,000
would be in the treasury on the Ist of January,
1872. According to his own estimates, we
would not only be able to pay the interest for
1872, but by a proper revision of our revenue
system, and by making the railroads contribute
their proper share to the expense of the gov
ernment, and by practicing economy, be able to
continue the payment of interest for the future.
He (Mr. Cochran) said that of all these great
corporations in the State only the Norfolk and
Seaboard, and Atlantic, Mississippi and Ohio
railroads companies had paid any part of their
taxes for the past two years. The Atlantic,
Mississippi and Ohio company not only had
paid up $22,000, but was ready to pay all due
by it. The results of tbe coupon system, the
speaker held, had been grossly exaggerated—
the coupons were not so much sought for as
had been represented. Of the;$12,000,000 of
bonds held in Virginia $7,000,000 had been
funded in the old-fashion certificates of debt
and not in coupon bonds, and of the foreign
bondholders 80 or 90 per cent, of their bonds
had been funded in coupon bonds. From these
facts he showed that no excessive amounts of
coupons would be in circulation, and that there
was no probability of tbe wheels of government
being locked. Mr. Cochran concluded his re
marks by an eloquent appeal to the Senate to
interpose and save the credit, honor, and in
tegrity of the State, and promised that the fu
ture would show their wisdom, and posterity
bless them.
Mr. Herndon made an earnest invocation a
gainst the passage of the resolution, which he
1 regarded as an act of repudiation bad enough
to stamp the old Commonwealth with dishonor
forever.
The president laid before the Senate a com
munication from the auditor of public accounts,
in response to a resolution calling for informa
i tion in regard to balance in the treasury, which
I shows that there would be a deficiency of
$261,185 66 in the treasury, on Ist July, 1872.
This estimate was made from last year's receipts
f and expenditures,
5 After a lengthy discussion the joint resolu
-5 tion "to discontinue the issue of bonds requir
Ed to be issued by the act for funding the pub
lie debt" was adopted as it came from the
House, by the following votes
1 Ayes—Messrs, Fitzpatrick, French, Graham,
Greene, Greever, Hundley, Lackland, Lathrop,
Martin, Massey, Meem, .Norton, Nowlin, Nut
ting, Patterson, Perrin, Pridemore, Quesen
berry, Rue, Robinson, Roller, Smith, Stevens,
Taylor of Loudoun, Terry, Thomas, Ward—27.
J Noes—Messrs. Anderson, of Rockbridge
Beailey, Boykin, Cochran, Connaily, Grimsley,
1 Herndoc, Johnson, Kirkpatrick, Lewis, Tay
lor, of Norfolk city Wynne—l 2.
5 House —Speaker Hanger in the chair.
Mr. Keiley's resolution declaring that it is
expedient to reduce the pay and mileage of
i members of the General Assembly, came up as
unfinished business, and was referred to the
committee on finance. The House refused to
order the yeas and nays on the question of re
fererce.
8 substitute for Senate bill amending
a and re-enacting act of February 12tb, 1866, in
rebnor; to horse-stealing, was passed. The
rabstitete adopted abolishes the death penalty
for horse-stealing, and amends the law in rela
-2 tion to other forms of larceny.
The various propositions on the subject ol
the payment of the interest on the public debs
came up, and after a long and spirited debate,
1 the House adjourned without coming to a vote,
Senate.—Thursday, Dec. 21.—A large num
ber of reports of committees were read. Sev
erai bills were presented and referred.
Mr. Kirkpatrick offered the following pream
ble and joint resolution, which were unanimous
ly passed under a suspension of the rules:
t '-The President, of the United States having
1 in his annual message to Congress urgently re
commended the removal of all disabilities im
posed by the operation of the fourteenth ameud
merit of the Constitution oi the United States
2 be it therefore
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Dele
gates of ihe State of Virginia, That tbe Con
s gress of the United Siatcs are hereby most
earnestly petitioned to remove without delay
all disabilities incurred by reason of participa
tion in the late war from all citizens of Virgin
ia and other States, as recommended by the
c President of tbe United States.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested
to transmit a copy of these resolutions to the
President of the Senate and Speaker of the
c House of Representatives, and also to each oi
the United States senators and representatives
of the State in Congress."
Afternoon Session. —Mr. Thomas, chair
man of the Finance Committee, presented a
3 bill to provide for the payment of tho interest
3 on the public debt. The bill.provides for the
1 payment of one semi-annual instalment at the
rate of four per cent.
Mr Fitzpatrick offered as a substitute, a bill
providing for the payment of two per cent, in
terest on the principal of the public debt, ex
-5 eluding, therefrom, the bonds given for interest
f on said debt under the act of the General As
sembly passed March 2, 1866,
The Committees bill and substitute therefor
1 were both ordered to be printed.
J House. —A number of bills were reported.
The holiday recess was discussed and a number
of leaves of absence were granted.
A substitute for the Senate bili iv relation to
1 horse-stealing was passed.
A number of bills were introduced and re
ferred.
After an animated discussion on the question
of the payment of the interest on the public
debt, the House adjourned until 7 P. M.
Night Session. —The interest on the public
debt question again came up and sundry pro
positions were offered, and a number of speeches
i made both for and against the funJhig bill, and
at a late hour the joint, resolution providing for
the discontinuance ot the payment of interest
upon the public debt until otherwise ordered by
the General Assembly was then ordered to its
engrossment a_d third reading by the follow
ing v te:
Yeas. —Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Berger,
Bernard, Bishop, Booker, Bouton, Bowen,
Bristow, John G. Brown, Burkholder, Butler,
Campbell, J. Carter, P. J. Carter, Coghill,
Coleman, Cox. Deueale, Douglas, I -ngey,
Early, Evan?, Fifzgerald, Freeman, Fulkerson,
Gardner, W. Gilliam, Graham, Graves, Gray,
Griffith, Hamilton, Hardesty, James, Rufus
S. Jones, Jorgerson, Keyser, Kiacheloe, Las
ster Lewis, Alexander B. Liehtner, Paul Light
ner, Lipecombe, Matthews, Matthew, McMul
ian, Miller, Munsey, Nickons, Nowlin, O'Fer
rall, Paige, Patterson, Payne, Perkins, Powell,
Bedford, Ratiiff, Riddlebarger, Russell, Sang
ster, Smith, Soidow, Stephens, St. John,
Strother, Swan. Thomas, Tidball, Van Auken,
Walker, Wentworth, W T harton, Williams, and
Young—TG
Nays.—Mr. Speaker and Messrs. Beaton,
Berland, Brooke, J. Thompson Brown, Cot
trell Cnmmiogs, Daniel, Delaney, Donald,
Dooley, Elliott, James S. Gilliam, Gilman,
Gresham, Head, Irvine, Warner T. Jones,
Kelly, Lawson, Lovenstein, Neale, Noble,'
STAUNTON SPECTATOR AND GENERAL ADVERTISER
Parks, Poague, Robertson, Roler, Scruggs,
Southall, Sutherlin, Suttle, Taliaferro, Walke,
Watts, and Watson—3s.
Senate.—Friday, Dee 22.—Senate bill, with
House amendments, in relation to horse-steal
ing, was agreed to, and the House informed of
the fact.
House amendment for a recess from and in
cluding the 22d inst., to the 2nd of January,
was agreed to. The following House bills were
passed:
House bill, entitled an act continuing the pay
ment of interest and dividends to the incorpo
rated colleges and other seminaries of learning
in the State, being the unfinished business, was
taken up and passed.
Providing for furnishing to the colleges of
the State, in which law schools are established,
surplus law publications.
To amend and re-enact the Bth section of an
act entitled "an act directing the board of pub
lic works to sell the State's interest in the vari
ous internal improvement companies of the
commonwealth," approved March 28th, 1871.
To amend and re-enact section 16 of chapter
151 of the code of 1860, with reference to sales
under attachment.
A resolution that no member of tbe General
Assembly shall receive his per diem during re
cess, and a substitute, that only such members
of the General Assembly as may deem that to
be the proper course, shall be entitled to re
ceive a certificate of per diem during the re
cess, was laid on the table—ayes, 17 noes, 16.
Mr. Smith, from the House of Delegates, in
formed the Senate that the House had passed
a joint resolution instructing the auditor of
public accounts not to pay tbe interest on the
public debt; which was taken up and read.
It having been stated that the House had
adjourned, and that any action the Senate might
take, would be useless, it also adjourned.
HousE:—Mr. Smith, of Nelson, submitted
the following concurrent resolution, upon which
he asked the immediate judgment of the House:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring) That in
adopting measures to suspend the further fund
ing of the public debt and to withhold the pay
ment of the January interest on the part fund
ed, this General Assembly entertains no inten
tion to disregard the just obligations of the
state to her creditors, but reserves to itself the
right to review the provisions of the law com
monly known as the funding bill, and to insti
-1 tute, such changes therein as may seem legal
1 and proper; or, if need be, to repeal it alto
gether, and to make such calm and deliberate
examination of the financial condition of the
State and of the taxable capacity of the people
1 as will enable it to form a correct estimate of
what the state is able to do at this time to meet
1 such obligation.
Mr. Kincheloe said his views could not be
better expressed than in the above resolution.
The resolution was agreed to—ayes 104, noes,
none.
House joint resolution suspending the pay
rnent of interest on the public debt, came up as
the special order, and was passed by the neces
sary two-thirds vote—ayes, 66 noes, 34.
Adjourned.
Virginia Bible Society.—A called meet
ing of the Board of Managers was held at the
Bible Rooms on Tuesday, the 12th instant, Dr.
J Woodbridge in the chair.
r The Rev. Dr. Hoge opened the meeting with
prayer.
Rev. M. W. Staples read a letter from the
Rev. E. W. Gi'man, Secretary American Bible
Society, communicating the gratifying intel
ligence that tho Board of Managers of the
p American Bible Society, at their last meeting,
had made a grant ot five thousand dollars in
bibles and testaments to the Virginia Bible So
ciety to aid ia the prosecution of the great work
of supplying the destitute of the State with the
word of God.
This Communication called forth the warmest
c expressions of gratitude for the munificent gift.
Dr. Edwards presented the following paper,
touching this liberal donation, which, on mo
tion, was unanimously adopted and a copy or
dered to be forwarded to the Board of Managers
of the American Bible Society.
Whereas, we have learned that a letter just
read, addressed to a Committee of this Board,
that the American Bible Society has made a
donation of five thousand dollars in bibles and
testaments for the use of tbe Virginia Bible
Society, therefore:
Resolved. That we hereby acknowledge with
s profound gratification, and return to the Arneri
p can Bible Society our very sincere thanks for
this timely and acceptable aid in the work of
c furnishing the destitute of our field of labor
0 with the word of God
Two new auxiliaries were recognized, viz
Tazewell County Bible Society—James V.
Kelly, President; J. E. Chapman, Secretary,
11. C. Fudge, Treasurer.
c Hanover County Bible Society—centering at
Ashland, Colonel 11. P. Jones, President; Prof.
S. M. Shepherd, Secretary; W. P. Mayo,
Treasurer.
f Rev. J. Calvin Smith was appointed a_ent
1 for the Western District of Virginia, and Rev.
Y. L. Hoyle, agent for the Southern Central
J District.
Steps were taken to secure a Bible Mission
,_ ary to canvass the city ot Richmond, and sup
ply the destitute with the bible.
The Virginia Bible Society, older than the
American Bible Society, since the war has been
greatly crippled in its resources, and, hence,
g has to some extent failed to accomplish, its no
ble purpose, now greatly encouraged by the in
terest felt in its behalf in all parts of the State,
enters upon its mission not only with new vigor,
but with every assurance of success in its grand
mission. L. B. Bentley,
Secretary pro teat.
a.
The Petway Murder.—Martin ft. Alley.
indicted lor tbe murder of Ro. C. Petway, on
17th Street, ftichmond, Va., over two months
i- ago, was sentenced to eighteen years imprison
e ment in the penitentiary, on the 22d inst.
The circumstances of murder are as follows
Alley, who was intoxicated, h>id heard reports
c circulated by Petway or some member of his
1. family, in regard to an alleged intimacy be
tween him and some female which incensed
him very much. With a view to investigating
tbe matter, he went on Sunday morning, Oct.
9tb, to Petway's house, on Seventeenth street,
a and not finding him at home, questioned his
t wife in regard to the matter. Alley's conduct
c being such that Mrs. Petway went to the police
c headquarters to secure the services of an officer
to arrest him, little thinking, however, that be
-1 fore her return her husband would be a cropse
and she a widow, for on her way back with
sergeant Pleasants she met an officer with Alley
t in custody, and learned that he had, during her
absence, killed her husband.
It seems that during her absence Petway re
f turned home, and was charged by Alley with
the circulation of these reports, and that an
angry interview followed, resulting in Petway
r strikirig Alley in the face with his fist, who
thereupon drew a pistol and discharged it twice
at his retreating antagonist without effect. A
third shot, however, was better aimed, as ill
luck would have it, for it entered his back,
passing through the region of the heart, and
severing the main artery. He fell, and in a
moment, or two he was a corpse.
Alley has been in the employment of the
Chesapeake and Ohio railroad company for ten
years, and has, duriDg all that period^borne an
i irreproachable character. It has been his habit,
we hear, to drink too much sometimes when
off du'y, but never when he had business to at
tend to.
The prisoner resides oa Union Hill, and has
i a large family, who are deeply grieved at the
terrible event which has made their protector
a murderer.
_—.
Interesting Masonic Incident.—The
Richmond Whig says: On last Friday night,
after the re-eleedon of Dr. John Dove, as
Grand Secretary of tho Grand Royal Arch
Chapter of Virginia, in thanking his compan
ions for this renewed manifestatioD of their
confidence and esteem, he called their attention
to the fact that this war, his fifty-fourth election
to the position, and stated that no Grand Sec
retary of a Grand body in the year 1818, when
he was first elected, was now living.
This unparalleled instance ia the Masonic
history of America elicited considerable re
mark, aud earnest expressions of the hope that
his distinguished abilities might long be spared
to the interests of the craft for whom he has la
bored faith-lily more than half a century.
One Term.—The New York Tribune quotes
in favor of the one-term principle for the pres
idency Wm. Henry Harrison, Henry Clay, Dan
iel Webster, the Whig national convention
which assembled in Baltimore, in 1844, &e.,as
well as various eminent Democrats.
A Sharp Rely.—ln the Ku Klux trials at
Columbia, S. C, Friday, Hon. R. R. Carpen
ter, was put on the Btand as a witness The
correspondent of the Charleston Courier says:
He testified, as far as the Government coun
sel would allow, the causes which led to troubles
in the up country. During the examination
tbe following collcquy tcok place between the
witness and the counsel:
Question. Were you a candidate for ofh\;e in
1870?
Answer. I was a candidate for Governor of
the State.
Question. Of what parly were you the can
didate
Answer. Of the Reform party.
Question. What do you mean by tbe Reform
party? Was it a party to reform tbe Govern
ment?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Did it seek to reform the existing
State officials
Answer. No, that was conceded on all sides
impossible.
A titter through the Court room here evoked
sundry raps from the bailiffs accompanied with
the usual injunction to "keep silent in Court."
The posecuting attorney had no question for
Judge Carpenter.
The New York Joamal of Commerce, in a
notice of the Richmond Commercial C-aiven-
tion, says:
"Something has been already done in that
line (immigration) such as the appointment of
agents in Europe and the distribution of oam
phlets and circulars. Still, immigrants d>> not
flock as freely to Virginia as is desirable. At
first thought this would surprise those who
know of the cheapness of good land in the State,
her mineral wealth, her excellent climate, and
her peaceful condition. But the trouble is that
Virginia is of the South, and Europeans in
tending to settle in this country read general
news of southern disturbances and mardai law,
and lump all the States of that section together
as dangerous so live in. It is the misfortune of
each Southern State to share in the calamities
of her sisters. There never will be a s-.rong
tide of immigration to any part of the South
until she ceases to bo the subject of partisan
misrepresentation, and is released in all her
territory from martial law and left free to gov
ern herself! General amnesty would be the
greatest possible aid to immigration."

The New York frauds, over which the Radi
cal press of the nation have shrieked for the
past three months, sink into insignificance when
compared with the rascalities and stealings of
Radical officials. The recapitulation of these
robberies, swindles and defalcation?-', according
to official reports, show these figures
Revenue Collectors, $20,700 983.33 Golden
Rule, $3,000,000; Chorpening, $500,000
Major Hodge, $450,000; Geo. O. Evans,
$363,223.85; General Whittaker, $700,000;
J. W. Norton, $115,000; total, $25,220,506.-
-33. Since these statements came before the
public others of a startling character have
come to light. The robbery of the Southern
States to the amount of $22,100,000 the cot
ton swindle of $30,000,000 the recent swindle
in the South Carolina bond.-, running certainly
as high as $11,000,000, with numerous ether
defalcations of less importance and amount, are
matters of record, and all show an aggn gate
of over one-hundred and eighty-eight mil-ions
of dollars as the Radical robberies of less han
a year.-- Lynchburg Virginian.
New Advertisements,
COUNTY IiEVY FOB THUS YEAJt
187 3.
The Board of Supervisors of Augusta county
met at the Court-house on the Ist Monday in De
cember, as required by law, for the purpos of
settling the County Treasurer':., the Superinten
dent of the Poor, and She: iff's accounts wil h the
County, in order to show the receipts and expen
ditures of the County for 1871, and lay the Livy
for 1872. The Collectors not having settled -nth
the Treasurer, the Board adjourned to the i2th
instant for the purpose of enabling the Treasurer
to make the required settlement, and having met
on that day, and finding that several Collectors
had not settled and that the Legislature had ex
tended the time to the day cf March next—
thereby making it impossible for the Treasurer
to make any satisfactory settlement with the
Board —it was determined to proceed to audit the
claims against the County, and lay the Levy Ifor
1872, which was accordingly done, as follows:
Estimated Expenditures for the year 1872—
For paying Jurors in Circuit and County
Courts $800.00
Expanses of two Elections in 1872 65006
Commonwealth's attorney, to' his public
services ■■0 00
Sheriff, for public service 75 00
Jailor, for public service and attendance
on Courts. 80 00
Commissioner of Public Buildings SO 00
Board of Supervisors and clerk, pay for
services of 1872, 1-10 00
Registration, pay of Registrars for 1872, 120 00
Augusta Law Library—rent of room 50 00
Expenses for Jail —fuel, repairs, &c 275 00
Treasurer's office—fuel, books, stationery 16.27
i Expenses for Court-house and grounds—
repairs, &c ."I 18141
Circuit Court Clerk's office—books, sta
tionery, fuel, &c, 25366
County Court Clerk's office—books, sta
tionery, fuel, &c 123 83
Land Damages and costs on Road Peti
tions—(under old levies) 81135
Old Road Claims 344 09
Election in 1871—November.... 31609
Assessors for services heretofore rendered 6- 00
Ivor registration, births, marriages, deaths
and other charges 11117
Various other small am'ts, amounting to 131 56
Aggregate $0,710 77
Add—
To meet Treasurers Commissions, In
solvents returned, incidental expenses and
pay such claims as may not have been pre
sented 3,26274
Aggregate amount, $8,973.61
The Uounty Levy for 1872 was fixed at 5 cent-
on each $100 of property—real and personal,
which, according to the values of 1871, produces
a revenue of. $6,620 00
Capitation tax of 1871—Gross 2,453 51
Aggregate Levy $8,97861
It will be observed that no levy is made tor
the support of the Poor for 1872. Upon a sett le
ment with the Superintendent oi' the Poor of all
his accounts since the Ist of July, 1870, the date
of his appointment, it was found, that under the
Levies Ueretofore made for that purpose, th.jre
was a sufficient amount in his hands for the sup
port of the Poor, without any further appropri
ation for that purpose for the year 1872.
THOMAS W. SHELTON, Chairman.
John Paris, I
Samuel A. East, I Supervisors
Wm. T, Rush, j- of
William Csawfobd, j August j
Henry B. Seig, J County.
Teste,
"William A. Burnett,
Clerk of Board:
COMMISSIONER'S SALE OF VAL
UABLE LANDS in Highland C ounty.—
Pursuant to a decree of the Gircuit court of
Highland, rendered in tho cause of Beathe et al
vs. Pullin et al, at the October term, 1871, the
undersigned as commissioner therein named i'or
the purpose, will, on the 25th day of January,
1872, oner for sale in front of the Court-house of
said county, to the highest bidder, the valuable
real estate of which John H. Puiiin died seized,
and now in the possession of Lewis Davis, lying
on the Bull-pasture river in said county, and
containing in the aggregate &26 acres. These
lands are fertile and produeiive; havo a good
dwelling house and out houses on them, and are
contiguous to schools and churches.
Terms—Costs of suit accrued since a former
sale of these lands, the expenses of sale, and the
costs of two actions at law against Lewis Davis,
cash in hand; and the residue in three equal ma
nual payments from the day of sale, with int< r
est; bonds with good and approved personal -e
curity required for the deferred payments, and
the title retained as ultimate security.
W. __ SOMHERS, late S. H. C,
de26-4w and com'r, Monterey, Va.
FOB
Gelatine,
Citron,
Raisins,
Currants,
etc.. etc.
call on R. D. SEABS,_fl£ej>t. __
J7IOB
cheap willow and wooden ware,
household iurni.-hing goods. &c.
_____ Call on K. P. SEARS, agern
ANE W „nd very desirabie dwelling house
and lot for sale. The house contains nine
comfortable rooms For term:-, &c, apply Lo
de26-8t QHAS, K. HAINES
THOSE beautiful sets oiFhrs at $3—there ure
but few more left at „„„,_.„,,
CHEAP CHARLEi 'S.
JSTew Advertisements,
-ITETERIMRY SURGERY !—Dr. _,
V J. COSENS, VETERINARY SURGEON
A GRADUATE OF Till
ROYAL VETERINARY COLLEGE,
London, England,
Has permanently located in the city of Staunton
and offers his professional services to his old
friends of the city and adjoining country, and to
the community generally.
His offi.e is at the drug store of Hugh H.
Fultz, Virginia Hotel Buildings, Staunton, Vir
ginia, at which place, or at his place of resi
dence, near the gas works, he can always be
found, unless professionally engaged elsewhere.
He will promptly attend to all orders left at
either of the above named places, or at either of
the livery stables in the city.
Unexceptionable and satisfactory references
can be furnished as to the professional ability of
L>r. Cosens, to any one who may desire tbem.
Dr. Cosens would call special attention to tho
fact that numbers of mares and cows die annu
ally because of their inability to give birth to
their young. Mares and cows in this condition
should be as well cared for as the female of our
own race, and persons having such will find it
greatly to their advantage to consult Dr. Cosens,
who has had many years' experiene in this
branch of his practice.
Horses treated at tho residences of their own
ers or at the stables of Dr. Cosens in Staunton.
Dr. Cosen3 compounds medicines which should
be in the hands of every one who owns a horse
or cow. His English White Oil is com
pounded of the purest drugs, and cannot be sur
passed by any other oil in the United States.
As a cure for Pole Evil, Fistula, Strains and
Bruises, Saddle and Collar Galls. His English
Colic Drench is a specific for the Spasmodic
Colic, which is too often treated for the Botts—
whereby many valuable horses are sacrificed.
His "HORSE POWDERS' and "CATTLE
POWDERS" hsve never failed during several
j ears' use to act like a charm and to give entire
satisfaction to every one who has administered
them. They are compounded of the purest
Drugs, and have in them none of those poison
ous drugs which eventually prove so injurious
to stock, and which are too often found in horse
and cattle powders.
Hugh H. Fultz, Druggist, Staunton, Va., is
the general agent for the sale of Dr. Cosen's
Medicines, and will supply all Druggists, Coun
try Merchants and the public generally with any
quantity they may desire.
J_9- Liberal Discount made to retail dealers.
de_6-2t
MEPORT OF THE CONDITION
OF THE
National Valley Bank or Staunton,
in the State of Virginia, at the close of business
on the 16th day of December, 1871.
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts $280,026 26
Overdrafts 7,036 06
IT. S. Bonds to secure circulation 109,000 00
Other Stocks. Bonds and Mortgages, 100 00
Due from redeeming and reserve ag'ts 75,532 59
Due from National Banks 6,742 91
Due from State Banks and Bankers... 36,235 33
Banking house, furniture and fixtures 6,500 00
Current expenses and Taxes paid 5,041 21
Checks and other cash items, 14,062 42
Bills of National Banks 1.878 00
Fraet'nal cur'ney (including Nickels) 661 58
Specie 2,493 00
Legal Tender Notes 13,115 00
$549,424 86
LIABILITIES:
Capital Stock paid in $100,000 00
Surplus Fund 35,00000
Discount $13,495 62)
Exchange 45041
Interest 4,75817 1
Profit and Loss.. 4,97048 J 23,674 68
Nat'nal Bank circulation outstanding 89,025 00
Dividends unpaid 20 00
Individual deposits 287,445 88
Dae to National Banks 7,405 2j
Due to State Banks and Bankers 6,853 55
$549,42436
I, Wm. C. Eskridge, Cashier of "The National
"Valley Bank" of Staunton, do solemnly swear
that the above statement is true, to the best of my
knowledge and belief.
W. C. ESKRIDGE, CHshier.
State op Virginia,
County oe Augusta,
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 22nd
dsvy of December, 1871.
N. P. Catjlktt, N. P.
Correct —attest,
Benjamin Crawfotvd,
Isaac Witz, Directors.
P. B. Hook, j
it
R ______ OF THE CONDITION
OF THE
First National Bank of Staanten
at Staunton, in the State of Va,, et the close of
business on Saturday, tho 10th day of Decem
ber, 1871:
RESOURCES:
Loans and Discounts, 5233.216 76
Over Drafts 3,871 48
U. S. Bonds to secure circulation 102,000 00
Due from redeeming and reserve ag'ts 54,717.49
other National 8ank5....'..... l,20o"89
_ other Banks and Bankers. 1,614 58
Banking house 6,091 30
Furniture and Fixtures... 1,400 47 7,491 77
Current Expenses 2,405 25
Taxes paid 1370 92 3,776 17
Cash Items 2,635 54
Bills of other National Banks 490 00
Fractional currency, 220 80
Specie 174 50
Legal Tender Notes 18,93600
$425,150 OS
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock $100.000 00
Surplus Fund 00
Discount $9573 63]
Exchange 78.88 i_4_l_
Interest 5792 07 j" I*2BBl 2BB X
Profit and Loss 3127 70 J
Nat _al Bank circulation outstanding, 88,000 00
Individual Deports, 101,657 63
Due to National Banks, 12,19106
Due to State hanks bankers 9,019 06
$425,150 98
7, M. Harvey Effinger, Cashier of The First
National Bank of Staunton, do solemnly swear
that the above statement is true to the'best of
mv knowledge and belief.
M. HARVEY EFFINGER, Cashier.
State of Virginia, County of Augusta
Subscribed and sworn to "before me, this 30th
day of December, 1871.
Tnos. A. Bi.edsok, N. P.
Correct—attest,
A. 11. H. Stuart,
Ro. G. Bickle, j- Directors.
It Jas. \V. Crawford J
._l_^TdF^^ll"eiJ^E~a__rT_~^eres
kj of Land at Junction of Parkersburg and
Hiirrirtonburg Turnpikes.— By virtue of a decree
of the Circuit Court of Augusta county, at June
term, 1871, in suit of Samuel H. Bell vs. E. S.
Baylor and others, the undersigned commission
er appointed by decree in said cause at Novem
ber term, 1871, will proceed in front of the C.
H. in the city of Staunton, at 12 o'clock, M., on
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20th. 1871,
to Bell at public auction to the highest bidder, a
small tract of land situated at the junction of the
Staunton and Parkersburg Turnpike, with the
Harrisonburg and Warm Springs' Turnpike,
ne*r Wm. H. Luge's. This tract contains 12
acres ana has upon it a comfortable dwelling
hou.so with necessary out-houses, and is a most
desirable homo and location for a mechanic, or
other person wishing a small homo.
Terms of Sale. —Enough in hand to pay costs
of suit and sale, and balance in 1, 2, and 3 years,
for which bonds bearing interest, with good per
sonal security will be required, and the title re
tained as ultimate security.
no2l-tds H. M. BELL, Convr.
FosKjiouement.— The sale of the above
land ii postponed till Monday, January Ist, at
12 M.. in front of the C. H.
H. M. Belt,, com'r.
EKBCCTORS* NOTICE Wo hereby
notify all parties indebted to the estate of
Oeorge Baylor, deceased; and those holding
any claims against said estate to como forward
at once with a view to immediate settlement.
GEORGE M. BAYLOR,
NEWTON A. BAYLOR,
PRESTON A. BAYLOR,
Executors of George Baylor, deed.
dc-D-Sm Via and Vir copy 3m
FOB
Canned Tomatoes,
canned corn,
canned peaches,
canned pine apple,
canned salmon,
canned peas,
e t- _ etc!
Call on
R. P. SEARS, agent.
NEWBOAROINCi HOUSE.- We have
opened a boarding house on corner Main
and A ugusta streets, in Miss Brooks' new brick
building, where wo are prenared to accommo
date gentlemen with table-board. Our tabla is
kept in No. 1 order, and furnished with the best
the market atibrds. Rates moderate. Conveni
ent Io business.
de-Git Wm. HOWARD CO.
FOR At more's celebrated* Mince Meat,
Call on
R. P. I
FOX BEEF TONGUES,
call on R. D. SEARS, agent,
THAT heavy Balmoral Skirt at 75 cents, is
still to be had at GLAPKE'S.
New MvertUement*.
CHRISTMAS
PRESENTS!
_'
STANDARD POETS,
IN FINE BINDING!
RELIGIOUS
AND
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS!
A LARGE VARIETY OF
FAMILY
AND
POCKET BIBLES,
_?K___.YJER BOOKS,
AND
X> r ___ai. JKR _*€_►__*:.»
FOR ALL DENOMINATIONS!
JTYENILE BOOKS,
AND
TOY BOOKS,
A GOOD ASSORTMENT,
WRITING DESKS,
MANY CHOICE STYLES!
Fine Gold Pens,
AND
POCKET KNIVES,
CHILDREN'S GAKM,
BUILDING BLOCKS,
AND MANY
Fancy Articles.
HUNTER CO.,
BOOKSELLERS,
Main Street, Staunton, Virginia.
DRY (iOODM ASl> JIILLIMStV ot
all descriptions—a full stock on hand and
sold at prices to astonish every body, even our
oldest and youngest merchants. It's no use for
others to blow about their cheap Goods —our pri
ces can't bo touched by anybody, and all we ad
vertise can always be found at our store. We
never teil a person "that we are ju;t out and ex
pect it to-morrow, or next week." Merchants
that mak'! a practice of this sort of talk, never
had the article advertised and don't expect it!
They do this to inveigh: you to their store', and if
you make your purchase* and go home you will
find that you have something on hand that you
did not expect, either in pries or quality.
"A word to tho wise is sufficient."
The man that can undersell "GL ADKE," in
the same quality of goott&j ban not come to
Staunton yet." de2G-2t
Beautiful Pocket Album at _..jTceiits.—
X We have just received a large quantity at
GLAPKE'S.
AUEX AN DEB m KID CULOVK_Mgood)
_ at GLAPKE'S.
Private Sates,
SAILE OF VALUABLE AND HigMj
improved REAL ESTATE, in Rockbridge
county, 2 miles from Lexington.—The under
signed offers for sale his highly improved and
valuable farm, lying on both sides of the Valley
Plank road, 2 miles south of Lexington. Rock
bridge county, Virginia. The real estate con
sists of 382t-i acres, about 100 acres are in fine
timber and woodland, the balance in a high state
ot cultivation. Tbe improvements consist of a
NEW BRICK DWELLING HOUSE
with tin roof, porticos, &_., a.-id contains eleven
rooms, and a brick kitchen, cistern, etc. Also
stabling for horses, cattle, etc., granary, coach
house, ice house, wood sheds, and ever* neces
sary out house. The garden adjoining the dwel
ling house comprises 15 acres, drained and high
ly improved with all permanent beds of fruits,
etc necessary for a market garden- A vineyard
in bearing now of 5000 vine,-, and an orchard of
2000 trees.
The place is well watered, and has upon it five
tenant houses of four rooms each, well finished,
plastered and painted, with stables attached
thereto, so as to enable the farm to be conveni
ently divided and worked by different purcha
sers. The farm will be*sold aj a whole or will
he divided to 3qjtpurchasers. There is upon the
tract a quantity of limestone and a fine site for a
kiln, and the fencing is nearly all new, and in
fine order. For tonus, &c., address,
JOHN B. LADY,
or my agent, F. W. HENDERSON,
janlO-tf P. O Vox flO. Lexington, va.
V" ALUAiUkU- -Kin "FOB _______--
Theund agents of Boiling R.
Swoops, are authorized to sell that valuable tract
of hmd containing _31_ acres, known as the
"Swoope Farm" and lying near Hwoope's depot
on the- Ohesapeake Ohio Railroad, i.-i Augusta
county, eight miles West©/Staunton. The land
is unsurpassed by any in county in Produc
tiveness and fertility—there being ou tbe entire
tract no land of an inferior quality. The im
provements _ consist of a brick mansion house,
and convenient and ample out-buildings.
Boiling R. Swoope residing on the 'farm will
show it to persons desiring to purchase* Anolv
to SHEFFEY BUMGARDNER,
noi-tf Staunton, Va.
DS-_I-*A___E TE4C. OF-AND AT
.Private Sale.—The subscriber offers for
sale, privately, a portion of the Tract of Land,
upon which he resides, lying midway between
and Waynesboro' Depots on tho
C. O. R. R., being about 2\ miles to either
place, and on the Staunton and James River
Turnpike. Will sell any number of acres from
twenty-five to one hundred. On the Tract of
fered, there is a good Spring, with a stream of
water passing through the centre, and a fine body
of timber. The land is of first rata quality, and
in a high state of cultivation, convenient to
schools, churches, „c. Any parties wishing to
purchase will be met at the Depot nnd shown
the Tract Address
SAAE'L H. STEELE,
June 20th tf Waynesboro', Va.
FESIAEE INFIRMARY.—Doctor B. P.
REESE, with a long and successful experi-
ence ot the treatment of
•'Diseases Peculiar to Females,"
has opened an INFIRMARY where Ludias will
be received for rrgatmnnf It is useless to men-
tion the advantages to be derived from being un
der the constant supervision of the Physician,
in many of these eases. Experience has long
since taught, by the evidence of the best physi-
cians as well as tho Institution, of this charac- 1
ter in the large cities, that this is the only way of
successful treatment. t
Patients will be received «,s members of the
family, haying BTery attention necessary for
their comfort and improvement. aul
(SIEBM _ OFFICE County Court of A*
J gusta-County—Rstrav Mule—Taken up by
Martm Roher ofj v Buiful) Gap in
said county of tbe i description, viz:— J
One bone-mule, _ about the nose and s
mouth. Lee tail not trimmed,
and -exposed to be two years old Hst Spring, 1
and spnrai N« *_ i_rupu, James
A. H. Lc-; r*, Smith before. WO- 1
ham Hoover, _ B. Extract—teste, l
deia-S.*- \V I i, L! A. x ,j A. UUBMETi^ CI k.
KICK JEWEi>-iY. MIL.VKR Ajm l
TED WARE.
i'or sale low at Hi now drug -to c,
J>r old stand, New street, J
«m-Watches and Jewelry repaired in the best
manner. ti. C. YEAKLE.
T H^Jh A GJES,r »t«€W -_r ppciM-l
BOOkS in the Valley is at
J. COWAN'S, bookseller,
seo-tt New street, Staunton, Va.
DB- C» UII_S>'S Green Mountain Asthma
Cure, ut Dr. W AYT BRO.'S
Drug store.
Auction Sales,
SWOOPE FARM FOR SALE.-By vir
tue of a decree rendered by the Circuit Court
of Augusta county at the November term, 1871,
in the case of "Swoope's Administrator, &c, v?.
Swoope, &c.," we will, as Commissioners of said
Court, proceed on the premises, on WEDNES
DAY, THE 81rr DAY OF JANUARY, 1872,
to sell thiit valuable estate known as the
"swoope farm:/'
containing, by.estimation, 431 V acres, lying
eight miles West of Staunton, at "Swoope's De
pot" on the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad.
This is one of the most valuable estates in the
Valley. The land is as rich as any in the coun
ty, lies well, and is easily farmed. The im
provements consist of a brick mansion and com
modious out-buildings. There are about 000
fruit trees, of choice varieties on the farm. The
neighborhood is one of the most desirable in the
county. The supply of timber is ample.
Terms of sale—Cash in hand to pay costs of
suit and sale, and the balance in four equal an
nual instalments, bearing interest from the day
of sale; bonds with approved security to be
given by the purchasers, and the title to be re
tained as ultimate security.
HUGH W. SHEFFEY,
JAMES BUMGARDNER, Jr.,
THOMAS D. RANSON,
Commissioner?-.
SALE of PERSONAL, PROPERTY.
As agents of Boiling R. Swoope we will, at
the time and place named in the above adver
tisement, sell the following property, to wit:
65 or 70 acres of wheat in tho ground 5 first
class work horses 4 head of colt 3: 7 extra milk
cows 15 head of young cattle; 1 sow and pigs
1 McCormick reaper; 1 Union mower I Bick
ford Huffman drill; 1 wheat fan, extra; 800
bushels of corn in crib one-half interest in a
Pitt thresher; 2j>lows. 2 harrows, 2 plantation
wagons 1 two-horse wagon; harness and gear
ing, and farming implements of sundry kinds
1 large side board, 1 book case, 1 bureau, 1 pi
ano, 2 sofas, 1 dozen chairs; and various other
articlos of household furniture.
Term 3of sale—Cash for all sum, amounting
to $10 or less. For sums above $10 credit of six
months, with interest from the day of sale, ne
gotiable notes well endorsed to be given by the
purchasers.
SHEFFEY BUMGARDNER,
delO-tds agents for B. R. Swoope.
tIOMMISSIOXUK'S SALl_~By~virtue
of a decree of the County Court of Augusta,
at the November term last, in the cause of Sam
uel Miller's adm'r vs. George Peters, I shall, as
special Commissioner appointed for the purpose,
sell at public auction upon the premises, on Sat
urday, the 20th day of January, 1872, a tract ot
79 acres of land, with dwelling house and
out buildings thereon, situated near the village
of New Hope in Augusta county, and in the
possession of the Defendant, George Peters, hav
ing been conveyed to him by deeds of Beard,
Koiner, Humbert and Roberts. The Court will
apply the purchase money in satisfaction of the
liens, and confer unquestionable title.
Terms —Enough in hand to pay the costs of
suit and sale, and balance in three equal annual
instalments, secured by bond with personal secu
rity, and title reserved until their payment.
THOMAS D. BANSON,
delO-tds adm'r and com'r.
Commissioner's Sale ot _ Residence and
Tan-yard in Spring Hill. —By virtue of a
decree of tho Circuit Court of Augusta, in the
pending Chancery suit of Trout vs. bpitler and
als, I shall, as special commissioner, appointed
for the purpose, sell at public auction upon the
premises, on SATURPA V, the 13th day o( Jan
uary, 1872, that very desirable property in the
town or village of Spring Hill, in Augusta coun
ty, known as the "Tan-yard Property," consist
ing of a lot of ground with a good dwelling and
necessary out-houscs and an excellent tannery
thereon.
Terms—Enough in hand to pay the costs of
sale and the above-named suit —balance in four
equal annual instalments, secured by bonds with
good personal security, bearing interest from the
day of sale, and the vendor's lien retained as
further security. THOS. C. ELDER,
de!2-tds Commissioner.
(1 on Miss io neb _ a i__i_ IfoF __a_
J ZING LANDS IN THE FALLING
SPRING.'. VALLEY', IN THE COUNTY OF
ALLEGHANY'.
In pursuance of a decree pronounced by the
Circuit Court of Alleghany county at the Au
gust term thereof, 1871, in a cause therein pend
ing between Wm. M. McAllister, General Re
ceiver of the Circuit Court of Bath county,
Plaintiff, and William Bkeen. and Charles H.
Payne, Commissioners, &c., and the said Charles
H. Payne in his own right, and Archibald G.
Mann and John Griffith, defendants, the under
signed Commissioner who was thereby appointed
for the purpose, will expose to sale, by way of
public auction, to the highest bidder, in front of
the Warm Springs' Hotel in the said county of
Bath, on Monday, the Ist day of January, 1872
a mo»t valuable and desirable tract of grazing
land, situated in the Falling Springs' Valley in
the county ot Alleghany, containing, by actual
survey, __0 acres which is a part of the land*
of which Lewis Payne, deed, late of the coun
ty of Bath, died seized and possessed, and is a
portion of what is known as the "Massie Tract
being that portion of the said "Mamie Tract"
which was purchased by the defendant A G
Mann, on tho 20th Cmy of April, 18G8, under a
decree of. the Circuit Court of Bath county, i',
the ease of Payne's adm'x and adm'r vs. Sab'ira
Payne ami others.
This land is situated near the line of tho Heal
ing Spiinsrs and Covington Turnpike road and
is naturally adapted to the growth of gras- and
otters no small inducement to persons desiring
to engage in tho grazing business, and =uch per
sons will find it greatly to their interest to attend
the sale.
Terms of sale.—Cash in hand sufficient to pay
the costs of the suit first above mentioned and
tne expenses of the sale aforesaid, and for the
residue of the purchase money tho purchaser
will bo required to execute his three several
bonds in equal instalments, with good personal
security, payable respectively in one, two and
three years from the day of sale, with interest
thereon irom the day of sale, and the le°-al title
to said land will be retained until all of The nur
chase money 13 paid.
Persons desiring to examino the land or wish
ing further information in relation thereto wiP
be accommodated by applying to Charle3 H.
Payne or myself, either in person or by letter
Wm. M. McALLISTER, Com'r.
aos-4t Warm Springs, Va.
EXECUTOR'S SAJLE ot VXI7IjXBX_
REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY
1 will offer for sale to the highest bidder on
SATURDAY, THE 27th DAY OF
JANUARY, 1872,
the Real and Personal Property of David Faw-
Hiv' ££_ T hG lan( i S miles from the
_& _ tau ntoi V. __ 3 m 'les from the village of
Middlebrook, adjoining the lands of the Poor
house, David Greaver and others
The farm contains 151 acres-40 acres of
which are well acres of splendid
acres magnificent young orchard!
and ml™ Wat r runnin through the land,
and numerous springs on tho farm; fences in
Hon a nd and in _K°°d state of cultival
L™ _£ u"\ iT elling of brick and f ™™i good
barn with stable attached 3 or 4 splendid milch
cows, several calves, 12 sheep and 8 bog. Tone
horse buggy l clock, 1 press, 1 book-efse wSh
other desirable household and kitchen furniture
with some farming utensils. c'e
Purchasers will find some on« on the premis
es to show them the property.
Terms made known on day of sale
««__♦.» Wm s McCHESNEY,
-_-______________Ex David Fauber.
COMMISSIONER'S hale „F_~__"
KEO CREEK FARM.-Bvvirtue of_
decree rendered by the Circuit Court of Au.ustl
nZl ty r£ he cause of Whitmore rs Howell
day t 6 he f J 1871 We will on Tuit
aaj,the9th day of January, 1872 proceed on
h^h Pr fT 1S c s to l' Al at P»-fc auc in„ the
hv?S^ b 'fe ho tract land formerly owned
u U VV hltn, ore and sold by him to Wm
Si Srfd n i n W in 8* _—-»-■-« said Howl
S^ lUated on the headwaters of
Has on it a comfortable dwelling- hou n ___T_?i
necessary out-houses, is convenfeJt to
___£*&_ and SUSCe tiblc of a high s? a r t °e h of
Terms— Cash in hand to pay the
and the charges and expense! of s a andtK
balance in. three equal instalments Iv^i.- 6
one, two and three years from™ay ofZfc ill
purchaser to execute his bonds for _/_3_
instalnmnts with approve.l ISdth.
title to be retained as ultimate security
ALFX T H O F?TT 7 J*"*
del2-5w AhiLX H< F ULTZ, sioners.
NEW GOODS EVEBY WEEK.-
COMPLETE STOCK
In dress gooes, choice styles, in Notions, Ho
"erv, Handkerchiefs, Gloves, Linen and W
Collar Sashes, Beltings, &c Water nr oof
Velveteen, Cloaks, and other Cloakin Js P
Full line of mourning goods, choicema Ire. Al
pacas, Venice Cloths, Shawls and FWi J, L_*
variety. 12-4 Va. made and other bbin_of grea i
comforts. Men's and boy's wear-hS ft__ a °2
heavy-all at cash value fl *c and.
_ de it 2 --L F. M. YOUNG
FREE SCHOOL BOOK* I _'
pared to furnish wtM£ *---l am pre-
McGuffey's Spellers and Readers
Davies'Arithmetics,
Guyot's Geographies,
Harvey's Grammars and
Webster's Dictionaries
f Free School Scholars, at the prises ™„y~.„-,»
for 6y M_ Stefc _*,£ c/ Education C nfracte(t
J. COWAN,
._r _. bookseder and stationer,
seo-tl New street, Staunton, Va