VOLUME XI.-NUMBER 1821.
CHARLESTON, THURSDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 26, 1871.
EIGHT DOLLARS A YEAR
TSE DEFECTS OF OUR SYSTEM OF
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
County High Schools Needed.-No. 9.
The moat patent fault of our schools, private
and public, is a total want of system, and in?
calculable confusion. There seems to exist no
acknowledged standard of what is proper to
be taught, and no well-arranged plan for teach?
ing it. The establishment of two well-graded
public high-schools (one lor each race,) at
?very county seat, would not only supply the
need, but furnish a model upon which our pri?
mate BChools might improve. The first effect
of establishing such schools in New England
ar>1 New York was tc break down the private
academies, by competition, completely. But
the second result was a set of phvate schools
?ven superior to the public ones. Nor must
this suggestion of a model high-school at each
county seat be considered novel. The fact is,
that such was the plan pursued in New Eng-'
land, n-hen population was as sparse as ours,
te Barnard's Educational Report the reader
eau see lor himself a copy of the laws estab?
lishing and endowing academies at places
"wilbla convenient reach of a population of
forty thousand inhabitants." These acade?
mies were public schools, but by reason of the
poverty of the treasury, they were not alto?
gether free schools, but charged a moderate
fee. And when, even ia Prussia, their 'Teal
schools and gymnasia'' are in part supported
by a moderate tuition fee, why should South
Garoiiua, ia her present state of depression,
slst that her public high schools shall not
charge a reasonable tuition fee This subject
was brought up at the last meeting of the Ed?
ucational Institute of South Carolina by che
present writer, in order to attract the atten?
tion of our educators to it, In the seven fol?
lowing suggestions
1. That good primar? schools are of the first
Importance, but that primary schools should
be kept severally distinct from secondary or
high schools, and that teachers of primary
schools should confine themselves exclusively
to grounding their pupils thoroughly in read?
ing, writing and the elements of arithmetic,
geography and history.
2. That the course of high school or secon?
dary education should cover a period of six
years, and the school should be divided into
six classes taught by three teachers (a princi?
pal aud two assistants,) and that each class
should have five daily recitations ot thirty min?
utes duration. This will require a dally ses?
sion of five hours, exclusive of recess, and
gives time for study (the teachers asslstiog;
in school hours.
3. That in schools taught by two teachers
(a principal and one assistant) the same six
cjfcsses and the same daily recitations of thirty
minutes each are desirable, but that each
class should then recite but four recitations a
day. This will require a ression of six hours,
exclusive of recess, and giv:? more time for
study (the teachers assisting tu DC ho ol hours.
Exceptionable pupils can be fitted to both of
these schemes by reciting with different
classes, but this should very seldom be al?
lowed.
4. That the favorable attention of teachers
ls earnestly called to the schedule of studies
printed upon page 367 of the September Dum?
ber (1870) of the Educational Journal of Vir?
ginia, the merits of which schedule are there
vindicated in one of tile ablest papers ever pre?
pared In our country. The following ls the
schedule referred to:
SCHIDDLI.
Subjects of Study.
Et glish..
Latin.
Greet.
Modern languages..
Geography.
Hlatory.
Mathematics.
?Natural science_
Penmanship.
Lessons per Week
each Class.
for
VI. i V. I IV. I UL I II. I L
30 i 30 23 24 I 24 24
5. That the too frequent practice of some of
our teachers undertaking to teach studies pro-
perly belonging to the freshman and sopho?
more classes of a college or university, takes
up much valuable time that had much better
be exclusively devoted to a judiciously select?
ed course of high-school Instruction, and is
therefore to be emphatically condemned and
earnestly deprecated.
i6. That lt ls highly desirable that the Legis?
lature should establish in suitable buildings to
be erected by the State at each county seat, a
well graded Public High School, under three
competent teachers, whose salaries should be
Said, in part, out of the State Treasury, in part
y a special tax levied upon the town corpo?
ration, and in part, if necessary, by a moderate
tuition fee of tenor twenty dollars charged, as
In Prussia, upon the pupils of the school.
7. That lt would add greatly to the efficiency of
the above recommended State public high
schools for the University of South Carolina to
offer for competition to the first pupil in each
of them every year a scholarship In the uni?
versity and that by this course, in a few years
the u Diversity itself will soon be restored to its
former prosperity and Influence.
I here append two other schedules from
pages 496 and 502 of Barnard's Educational
Report
Study Plan for Gymnasia, Adopted
_January 7, 1836.
Subjects.
Honrs per week for each
Class.
VI.; V. I IV. i Ul I II
Religion. 3
German. 2
Latin. 10
?reek.
4?rench
history and geography! 2
Mathematics A arith?
metic
Natural philosophy....
Natural history. j<2)
Drawing. 2
Penmanship. 3
28 I so i 30 I 30
30
30
"Admittance to class VI. takes place after
the age of ni oe years. The length of course,
for classes Vi., V. and IV,, ls one year; for
classes III., II. and I., two years each.
"The real and higher burgher schools have
the object to prepare, by scientific education,
for those higher avocations of life for which
academic studies are not required. There?
fore, the practical requirements of the time
are not a measure for their organization, but
the object is to develop the moaiai faculties of
the young entrusted to tb ?tr care, to sucha
degree as to enable thex for a free and Inde?
pendent realization ol De duties of life after?
wards."
Study Plan for Real Schools in 1859.
Subjects.
Hours per week for each
Class.
VI. I V. IV. ULI IL L
Religion. Si Si 2 SI 2 2
German. 4 4 3 3 3 3
Latin. 3 6 6 5 4 3 1
French.155 4 4 4
English.i .1 ..433
Geology and history...1 3 3 4 4 3 3
Natural history. 2 2 2 2 6 6
Mat hem a'les A arith?
metic.I 5 4 6 1 6 5 5
Penmanship.: 3 I SI 2!
Drawing.! S j s 2 S 2 3
i 30j 311 32? si 32! 32
The Importance of the subject should be a
sufficient apology for the length of this paper.
FAIRFIELD.
AN EXPECTED MORMON EXODUS.
SALT LAKE, October 25.
George B. Cannon, a Mormon leader, Bays
that it thu Mormon convictions continue, the
Mormons will burn all they have and make
another exodus, as they did from Illinois.
THE COTTON CROP OF 1871 AND 1872.
An Interesting Statement.
We are under obligations to Messrs. John
B. Lafitte Co., ol New Orleans, for a copy of
their Cotton Circular, dated October 17. The
senior of the firm bas just passed through a
large portion ol the cotton belt, which, with
his long experience in the trade and his usual
sound judgment, should give the views ex?
pressed in the following extract special fore?
and value. The Circular says:
The important question at the present mo?
ment is the probable extent of the cotton crop
now being gathered, and at no previous pe?
riod have we found it more difficult to form a
satisfactory opinion.
We would remark that the appearance of
the crops along the route traversed by the
writer through the States of North and South
Carolina, Georgia and Alabama fully confirms
the written and verbal statements we receive
from all quarters as to tbe unfavorable pros?
pect for anything approaching an average
yield, and inclines us towards a low estimate
of the probable out turn.
The stand ls generally bad, and the plant
small, and not well fruited. In many cases
the cotton ls all open, and cannot be benefited
by a late and favorable autumn. In other
places there will be no top crop from the
fact that the bolls are withering and dropping
ofl. From all we can learn, we are of opinion
that the worms have not done serious injury
except In so few localities as not to anec 1 ae
general result.
It ls we think tully established, that the best
crops are on the northern border of the cotton
belt. In North Carolina the crops look better
than further South, though infinitely less so
than last season; ol this State we speak from
what we saw last year and this, and we think
twenty-five per cent, a moderate estimate ol
the falling off per acre. In South Carolina,
Georgia and Alabama, the crops with rare ex?
ceptions are forward but decidedly poor. The
general estimates of the yield per acre by
planters, and merchants in the interior, vary
from Atty to seventy-five per cent, of last
year's. From Tennessee the accounls are
more favorable than from any other State, still
we bear of much loss from shedding, and the
complaint is made that the bolls are opening
too rapidly. From the low lands in Arkansas
the reports are favorable and point to a good
average yield, whilst from the uplands the ad?
vices are very unfavorable.
From Mississippi and Texas the advices are
mare unfavorable than from any other States.
From the northern part of Mississippi the ad?
vices are less unfavorable, but, few estimate
the yield In those two States at more than two
thirds ot a crop, and most persons estimate lt
at one-half. From Louisiana the advices are
unfavorable, dad about the same as from Geor?
gia and Alabama.
With regard to the area planted in cotton
we have always been of the opinion that lt
was fully ten per cent, less than last year, and
we are satisfied that this falling off In area has
been greatly increased by large tracts being
abandoned to the grass In order to concentrate
the tabor upon the fields promising the best
yield. We saw portions of many fields thus
abandoned that would not yield ten pounds
per acre.
The weather for the past fortnight has been
favorable for maturing and gathering the
crop, but if we can rely upon the advices now
coming to hand, the crop has not been ma?
terially benefited thereby. Many report the
plant in so sickly a condition as to be past
recovery, and great disappointment ls express?
ed at the small Improvement resulting from
the late favorable weather.
Were we to give an estimate of the proba?
ble out turn, based upon all the Information
we have been able to gather, and backed by
our personal observation, we do not place lt
above three millions of baled. But whilst we
do not believe that that quantity Is now cer?
tainly assured, we cannot advise our friends
to base their operations upon a lower estimate
than 3,250,000 bales, nor do we hesitate to ex?
press the opinion that lt will not exceed the
latter figure.
The receipts up to the present date, have
fallen considerably short of what we expected
they would have been, and have been curtail?
ed by the low stage of water In the Mississippi
as well as In the tributaries. In August and
the early part of September, when our views
as to the probable extent of the crop were
Suite as moderate as at present, we expressed
ie opinion that the receipts in September
would not fall much short of last year's, and
that for October they would be quite as large,
li not larger. Our opinion was that the re?
ceipts up to the 1st November would show
little or no falling off from last year.
Efforts are now being made to get the
cotton to market by using boats of smaller
capacity and lichter draft, and we look for In?
creased receipts at this port. A general rise in
all the rivers would swell our receipts for two
or three weeks to unusually high figures.
What effect a heavy Increase In receipts would
have upon prices, we must leave to our friends
to form their own opinion, simply remarking
that such Increase would not change our views
as to the probable extent of the crop.
With regard to the future course of prices
we would say that in the absence of any un?
foreseen disturbing causes, we do not think j
the." will rule for any length of time below the 1
pr -sent currency, whilst upon the other hand
we look for periods of excitement, and have
little doubt of seeing them at or above twelve
penoe per pound for middlings In Liverpool
before the next crop can be made available.
THE fi EATHER THIS DAT.
WASHINGTON. October 23.
The pressure will probably continue to tall
from New England to the Soutb Atlantic, with
cloudy weather, and partially cloudy weather,
with light local rains in the Gull States. The
low pressure In Iowa will probably move
southeast to Kentucky and eastward, with
brisk winds, in Southern Illinois. Fresh south?
easterly .winds on the lakes, hollowed by
northwest wind on the upper lakes.
Yesterday's Weather Keporia or til?
Signal Service, U. S. A.-#.47 P. M.,
Cocal Time.
Place of
Observation.
si
ss

sa c
s B a
I
iii
Augusta.. 30.00 77iSE Gentle. Fair.
Baltimore. 30.31 58 Calm.!.Mi-tv.
Boston. 39.48 48 E ?Fresa, clondy.
Buffalo, N. 30.04 it IS ?Brisk. L. Rain.
Charleston. 30.01 73 NW .Gentle, cloudy.
Cheyenne, W.T.. 29.42 46|N 'Fresh. Cloudy.
Chicago.29.M] 64 SE ?Fresh. Thr'ng.
cincinnati. 30.02? 74 sw .kentle. Fair.
Cleveland.29.9} 70 SE Gentle, smoky.
Corinne, Utah... 29.94 51 SW 'Gentle. Fair.
Detroit. 29.941 69 NE Light, cloudy.
Indianapolis 29.89 73 SE Gentle. Fair.
Rey West, Fla.. 29.95 82 NE Gentle. Lt.Rain
Knoxville, Tenn.Uo.99 75 W Gentle, clear.*
Lake City, Fla.. 29.9*1 82 N Light. Fair.
Memphis, Tenn.. 29.91, 78 SW ?Gentle. Fair.
Milwaukee, Wis, 29.89 51 SE Gentle. Fog.
Mobile. 30.00 :e s Gentle. Fair.
Nashville.20.99, 77 9 Oenrle. Fair.
New London, Ct.?30 38; M NE Fresh, cloudy.
New orleans....'29.98? 77 SE i-resn. L'.Raln
vew York.?30.36 SS NE Fresh. Lt. Rain
Omaha, Neb.?29.80 52 HW Fresh, cir'gup
Oswego, K. Y.... 30.19 53 SE 'Brisk. Cloudy.
Philadelphia. 30.27 63 NE Bilsk. H.Rain.
Pittsburg, P?.... 130.14; 64 E Fresh. Thr'ng.
Portland, Me....?30.56! it E Uentle. Fair.
Rochester, N. Y.|3u.l3 57 >E Fresh. Cloudy.
San Francisco.. 130.05 68 W .Fair.
Savannah.130.03 77 NW Fresh. Uazy.
St. Louis.?tO.83 C81SE Gentle. Thr'ng.
Toledo, O.!29.U7 60 NE Gentle. Fog.
washlogton,DC.!io.-;3 67?NE Fresh. Misty.
Ciimington,NO.|30.08 73'E Fresh. Cloudy.
Norfolk.30.15 TOI SE Light. Fair.
Lynchburg.30.io? 61 ?NE Gentle, u Rain
Leavenworth....?29.93 6.'IN ?Brisk. Clondy.
Cape May.30.2? 60 SE ?Fresh. Lt.Rain
Mt. Washington.?30.42: 37|sW ?Gentle. Cloudy.
3?
a S
I NOTE--The weather renorc dated 7.47 o'clock
this morning, will be posted tn the rooms of the
Chamber of Commerce at 10 o'clock A. M., and,
together with the weather chart, may (by th?
courtesy of the Chamber) be examined by ship?
masters at an? tirap dunner 'he dav.
THE MORMON TRIALS.
SALT LAKE, October 24.
In the Hawkins case the delendant asks re?
lease on the ground that the verdict was Ille?
gal because it tails to specify the nature or ex?
tent of the punishment The motion was
overruled and sentence deferred until Satur?
day. Polygamist are excited over Hawkins's
fate, but the Mormons talk peace provided
Brigham 1B not imprisoned.
THE REIGN OF TERROR!
THE Kt-KLUX INQUISITION IN SPAR
TAN BURG AND YORK.
A Terrible State of Things.
The latest advices from Spartanburg and
York counties confirm the previous reports
that the Uoited States officials, backed by the
soldiery, have instituted a reign of terror. In?
nocent citizens are dragged from their homes
In the night and throws into jail with common
felons. Instances are given where men were
torn from their families without being allowed
to make any preparations for their journey;
and were torced to ride ten, twenty and
thirty miles, and then confined ia loathsome
dungeons.
Blore Arrests-Infamoas Conduct of the
Soldiers.
The Phoenix says that up to Tuesday
eighty-five persons In York had been put in
jail and other arrests were making, at one
point ia Unloa the soldiers weat to a gentle?
man's house to arrest him. He was absent.
They invaded every room in his house and
carried away his private arms. He was a li?
censed distiller. After helping themselves
freely, they poured out the residue ol the
liquor on the ground.
A Passenger Train Stopped Hnnting
roi Ku-Klox,
The Creeoville pas*eoger train was stopped
while ou Us way to Columbia on Tuesday, by a
detachment or United States soldiers In search
of so-called Ku-Klux. The officers passed
through the tralu aod lospected the occupants,
but made no arrests. This detention occurred
near Frost's Mill, in Richland County, about
six miles from Columbia. What will be the
next move?
The Situation In York.
A private letter lrom York, dated the 21st
Instant, says: "There ls perfect terror here.
Forty of our best men were put ia prison lost
night. Some of our stores are closed.''
Radical Rejoicing.
The Columbia Union of yesterday says:
"From reliable source we learn that there are
between eighty and nicety more persons, ac?
cused of Ku-Kluxiag, in custody at Yorkville,
and about sixty-five at Spartanburg. Nine out
of every tea, al least of those at Spartaoburg,
have confessed, and thrown themselves on the
mercy of thelaw. Six more men, charged with
Ku-Kluxlog, were lodged la Jail la this city
last evening. They were brought lrom Union."
An Effort to Secure Counsel.
The Columbia Phoenix says: "We learn that
an effort is making to secure eminent couasel
from abroad to test, ia the court-room, the
constltutloaality of the indiscriminate arrests
made under the Ku-Klux act. It lu thought
due to our people that some masterly lawyer,
whose voice will reach the ear of the North,
should be employed to test the question as to
whether there ls aoy limit to the military des?
potism set on foot ia this State."
The Situation In Fairfield.
The WlanBboro' News, ol yesterday, says:
"We have as yet had ao arrests la our county,
and certainly "hope our people will escape the
cruelties or the Ku-Klux Inqulsltioo, as we are
pleased to call it. Ia case the Invaders may
move into our community, we simply advise
our citizens to Blaod firm, and submit to the
oppression with becoming dignity aod uuwav
eriog spirit, and keep alive the thought that
the present state ot affairs cannot last always,
and that a day of reckoning ls not tar distant."
-g.. SJ? s
TBE COLORED CONVENTION.
A Sketch of the Closing Proceedings.
In the Colored Meu's Convention at Colum?
bia cm Tuesday
Resolutions were offered by Turner, of Geor?
gia, returnlag thanks to Charles Sumner, of j
Massachusetts, the American statesman, pa-1
trlot and philanthropist, for the friendly and
wholesome Bugzestlons made to the conven?
tion, as representatives of the people, In whose
cause he has tor years so nobly fought, as a
public officer and a private citizen also, re?
commending that the committee on address
be Instructed to send aa address to the United
States Congress, setting forth the grievances
of our race, and asklog the passage of the sup?
plementary civil rights bill, offered by Mr.
Sumner, and now pending la the United
States Senate. Adopted.
The committee OD resolutions submitted a
report stating that the contest between Repub?
lican liberty and Democratic dispositions can?
not be eoded until, without distinction, all
citizens shall eujoy, aod may. without let or
hindrance, exercise ail the rights aod privi?
leges which are guaranteed or implied by the
fundamental law. Adopted.
The committee on outrages reported that
they had received Information from some per?
sons that brutal murders aod outrages had
been committed in the States of South Caroli?
na, North Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia, Ala?
bama and other Southern States, by organized
bands, known as the Ku-Klux Klan, for
the sole purpose ol Intimidating the
colored people In the exercise ot their
rights as citizens of the Uaited States, and
Lhave, on more than one occasion, been mur?
dered hundreds ot helpless women aod child?
ren have been driven from their homes,
renderlDg them Insecure la their rights Jails
have been broken open aad ionoceat mea
hung-maay of them being our leadlog men;
aad la many cases those who have the power
to eoforce the laws do not bring to trial nay ot
Bald parties, except wheo called upoa by pub?
lic opinion to do so aad have placed men on
the Juries who have beeu koowa to be mem?
bers ol the Ku-Klux Klau aod la no instance
have they ever beeu coovicted, excepting ia
the State of North Carolina. The committee
commend the action of General Grant in de?
claring martial law ID South Carolina as wise
and beneficial to the colored race; aod trust
bis prompt action will briog speedy Justice to
our race.
Price, of North Carolioa, offered the follow?
ing preamble aod resolution which were
adopted
Whereas, for the first time la the history of
the country, 3,500,000 negro American citi?
zens have assembled In convention, through
their delegations, for the purpose of advanc?
ing the Interests of the negro; aod whereas
the proceediogs aod deliberations of this hon?
orable body will be handed down to posterity,
and the memory ol the delegates who have so
nobly responded to the call aad manfully vin?
dicated the rights of their ever grateful con
Btltueucy whom they represent, will be en?
graved upon the memory of the rising genera
Loa
Resolved, That the members of the conven?
tion be requested to furnish their postoffice
addresses, their occupatloo, ftc, in order to
have them appeaded to the minutes ot the
coovention.
The committee on educatlou made a very
lengthy and interesting report, which was
adopted.
After the reading of the report, Congress?
man Elliott moved a special vote of thanks to
J. H. Birch, ol Louisiana, for the very able re?
port made by himself and committee.
At the request of the convention, General
Worthingtoa aod Judge Wright addressed the
conventloo OD the questions of the day.
The usual vote ol' thanks to the officers of
the conventloo was adopted.
Alter a few remarks from the president, the
coaveotloo adjourned sine die.
CHICAGO AND THE WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAPH COMP ANT.
The tollowiag correspondence explains It?
self
CHICAGO, October 20.
William Orton, President:
I am instructed by our board to express their
warmest ackoowledgmeots to your company
for assistance rendered to the people orCtiica
go by General Stager, ia perfection our tele?
graphic commuQication between the various
distributing points.
(Signed) WIRT DEXTKR, Chairman.
CHICAGO, October 20.
William Orlon, President
I desire to express the deep thankfulness of
our city to you as presideot ol' the Western
Union Telegraph Company, and also through
you to the Atlantic Cable munagers, for the
kind aid rendered to our suffering people in
the prompt transmission of our very numerous
messages Iree of charge.
(Signed) R. B. MASON, Mayor.
HOW SEW FORK WILL RECEIVE THE
IMPERIAL CUB.
Arrangements for the Landing of Alexis
-The Parade-An Impromptu Palace
The Imperial Bedchamber-A Miracle
of Upholstery-The Prince and His
Suite.
[Correspondence or the Augusta Constitutionalist.]
NEW YORK, October 21.
Now that the Prince Alexis is hourly expect?
ed, the arrangements for a befitting reception
have been completed. The steamer North?
erner, attached to the revenue department of
that city, has been placed at the disposal of the
Russian Secretary of Legation, who is now on
board, os she lies off Sandy Hook awaiting the
I arrival of the fleet from the other side. As
I soon as it is sighted he ls Instructed to board
the Sweetland and to inquire whether the
Prince desires to land the same day, and di?
rectly as this information ls obtained the com?
mittee will be telegraphed, and will as?
semble for Immediate action. In or?
der that sufficient time may be given
for the perfection ot those move?
ments which must of necessity be made
at the last hour, the fleet will, If pos?
sible, be detained In the Lower Bay for the
space of a day, during which time communica?
tion may be had between the different com?
mittees, the police, military and others who are
to take part In the reception and subsequent
parade, so that all minor details may be ad?
vanced with a befitting exactitude. In refer?
ence to the first meeting of the fleets lt will
not be permissible, according to the rule3 of
naval etiquette, that the Prince, so long as he
remains on board, ranking only as a lieuten?
ant, should receive any especial mark of
honor, and the naval reception which will be
given will be understood to belong solely to
the Russian fleet. As soon, however, as he
leaves the ship of the Russian Admiral a royal
salute will be given him by the assembled ves?
sels of the American flag, this being Introduc?
tory to the grand reception which will on land
await him, and for which no expense has been
spared.
The Seventh, Eleventh and Twenty-second
Regiments are detailed to form the special es?
cort to the Prince, end will extendfrom Batte?
ry Place to Pier No. 1, where they will receive
him with presented arms. Carriages will be
In attendance, and the Prince, his suite, and
the members of the reception committee will
commence the Journey up Broadway, preceded
by the police and one portion of the escort,
the other falling In Immediately behind fhe
carriages. The line of march will be up Broad?
way to Union square, and thence up Fourth
avenue to the Clarendon Hotel. His apart?
ments, which comprise that portion of the Clar?
endon Hotel which formerly was an elegant
private mansion, have been refitted through?
out with an especial view to a suitable enter?
tainment of the royal visitor and his attend?
ants. Frescoed upon the door ot the front en
trauce ls the royal escutcheon of Russia.
Within, all ts new and gorgeous.
On the first floor, between the parlors and
extension beyond, the folding doors have been
removed, and In their stead have been placed
three light and graceful arenes. New marble
mantles, with grates and fenders, heavily pla?
ted with silver and gilt, have been put In;
upon these mantles are expensive bronzes
and other rich ornaments, while upon the
walls are fine paintings, the most conspicuous
being a portrait of the Emperor of Russia.
The floor Is covered with a velvet carpet of
brilliant colors, the windows are draped with
curtains of the richest damask and lace, large
mirrors extend from celling to floor. Etrus?
can vases lour feet high are placed la each
corner, and at the centre of one of the rear
windows is a cologne fountain of fine mar?
ble. Walls and celling are elaborately fees
coed, clusters ot fruit, flowers and vines
being the style selected. The wide walls
are panelled and tinted gray, with a cast of
delicate pink, a guilt border enclosing all.
Draping over the arches In graceful folds of
glistening silk, gold and silver, are the Rus?
sian and American colors. Gilt and bronze
chandeliers hang from the celling, and' upon
the walls are side brackets with prism gas
jeu. The furniture of this, the grand dining
saloon, ls of black walnut, Inlaid with gilt, tile
upholstery being of the most elegant descrip?
tion and In perfect harmony. Two splendid
buffets, which will be covered with the finest
silver, are very noticeable amoog these splen?
did apartments; tables, table linen, ?c., are all
In keeping.
The halls and stairways are carpeted In
green, with an orange border; the walls tinted
in blue and crimson with gilt panels.
The royal bedchamber, lor which one of ?the
four apartments on the second floor has been
selected, is furnlsfied in the most sumptuous
manner possible. The walls are azure and
purple, upon which are hung colored photo?
graphs ot all the different members of the Im?
perial family. The mantle is of finest marble,
upon which ls a costly ormolu clock and orna?
ments, while the fender and grate sparkle
with gold and silver sheen. The windows are
hung with damask curtains of blue and gold
intermingled with lace; the floor la covered
with an Axminster carpet of white, purple and
gilt. The bedstead, bureau and wardrobe are
of the most elegant description and splendidly
carved. On the marble slab of the bureau two
heavy posts support a large oval .mirror, on
each .sitte of which is a winged aug'?l kneeling.
The centre tab!?, exactly corresponding, is
most elegant, while sola, chairs, dec, are rich?
ly upholstered and In keeping. The rear room
adjoining will be occupied by the grand cham?
berlain, while in another apartment on the
same floor will be stationed the body guard.
The whole house. Indeed, is fitted up in the
richest style, and the tout ensemble exceeds,
In luxurious convenience and relined taste,
anything which has been hitherto undertaken
In this country.
The imperial visitor, for whose entertain?
ment such elaborate preparation have been
made, ls the third son cf the Czar. He is about
21 years of age, fine-looking, intelligent and
accomplished, having successfully passed
several examinations in the highest colleges ot
his native land; is said to be a brilliant speaker,
and possessed of engaging manners. He ls
accompanied by Vice-Admiral Posslet, who ls
his guardian; the Actual High Councillor of
State, Vessily Actual Councillor of State.
Machine, Professor of English to the Imperial
Family Count Olsonfieff, Lieutenant ot the
Horse Artillery of the Guards, aide de camp to
the heir to the throne Count Schouvaloff,
Cornet of Hussars of the Guard and personal
attendant of the Grand Duke.
It Is supposed that the distinguished visitor
will be allowed the repose of one night previ?
ous to visiting General Grant, and it Is after
his return frum Washington that the festivi?
ties of the metropolis, in his honor, will take
place.
THE MONTMOLLIN MURDER.
SAVANNAH, GA., October 25.
Accounts from Bluffton, S. C., state that
Montmollin, Kent aud Slyer, who were
wounded and captured by negroes on Mont
molilu'a plantation, ure held prisoners under
a warrant issued by Robertson, a justice of
peace. They are to be taken to Beaufort for
trial when sufficiently recovered from their
wounds. It ls believed that Slyer ls mortally
wounded. They were captured by a negro
constable named Middleton, a notorious bad
character, and the terror of the whites of the
neighborhood. The prisoners are in private
houses under medical treatment, there being
nojail ir. Biuffion. Robertson is a violent
carpel-bagger, and an ex-preacher from Con?
necticut. Montraollin'd offence was an at?
tempt to recover his lands, and collect lils
rents from negro tenants who refused either
to pay or lo leave the premises.
TUE MEXICAN REVOLUTION.
MATAMORAS, October 21.
Trevino has declared at Monterey in favor of
General Diaz. The federal officers are arrest?
ed. Al lasl accounts Trevino was investing
Sailllo. The revolutionists claim ten States.
The telegraph lines in Mexico are all cut.
-Bill Russell, au escaped prisoner from
Nevada, was captured at San francisco while
trying io take ship.
THE RICE CROP OF 80UTH GAROMNA
AND GEORGIA.
A late Issue of the Georgetown (S. C.
Times, has a communication on the rice crop
of the State, apparently from a practical plan?
ter, which contains much Information ol
value. The cultivation of this valuable grain
has made but little progress since the war, the
great difficulties being a want of money and
unsettled labor. The hope of its resuscitation
is by the introduction of labor-saving ma?
chines which will enable the crops to be made
certain, and at figures that will pay. This, we
think, will be done ere long. The crop of this
season bas undoubtedly been seriously injur?
ed by .bad weather, and the amount of a high
grade article will in consequence be largely
diminished. The writer eays
No accurate estimate of the growing crop
can be given by the 1st September, or begin?
ning of the fiscal year. But now, that the
harvest is drawing to a close, the quality and
quantity can both be fairly computed. It ls
patent that the quality of the grain ls influ?
enced chiefly by the conditions of its growth
and harvest. Rice thal becomes over ripe
never makes a prime quality-so also with
that which gets wet upon the stubble, either
by rain or the flooding ot the fields from high
tides or freshets. Atter cutting of the
grain a certain process of drying, or
curing upon the stubbie, is necessary before
it can be banded in sheaves for the yard or
mill. During this stage of seasoning, the qual?
ity may be seriously impaired by a wetting
(especially if protracted) and the quantity cut
abort materially by the waste which follows
under repeated handlings. The disasters
which are known to have attended the gather?
ing of the crops on the more Southern rivers,
and the almost unprecedented wet harvest of
this section, can leave no room for doubt that
there will be but little choice or prime rice this
season. At least two-thirds of this crop has
been wet at some stage betweeu cutting and
stacking in the yard-and the delays in har?
vesting, in consequence of bad weather, have
caused a very considerable portion to become
over ripe. A prime quality under these cir?
cumstances would prove e^.eptional to the
universal experience.
Of the former and present crop of George?
town County the writer states that lu the Pee?
dee Times on .the 19th September, I860, the
aggregate rice crop of this section for the year
1859-footed up In tierces-95,127-to wit
For Lower All Saints (then a separate
parish but an Integral portion ol the
Judicial district).25 954
For Prince George, Wlnyaw.69,173
Total number tierces.95,127
This constituted nearly two-thirds of the en?
tire crop of the State, and was the product
from about forty-six thousand (46,000; acres
then cultivated; showing an average that, year
of over forty (40) bushels per acre-which was
one of the largest crops.
From 1860 to 1868 there are no reliable
figures either as to acreage or product. But
from thia date I have procured each year, after
minute and laborious investigation, details
from each plantation cultivated, giving an ag?
gregate In figures which must be considered a
very close approximation to truth.
I find thal in 1868 the acreage was 12,143.
I find that in 1869 the acreage was 16,100.
I find that In 1870 the acreage was 15,133.
Ia 1871 we have 17,439.
THE OLD WORLD'S NEWS.
PARIS, October 25.
Prince Napoleon made a violent political
speech at Ajacclo, yesterday.
The Duke D'Aumale has been elected presi?
dent of the General Council from the Depart?
ment of the Oise.
M. Lockroy, lrom the Department of the
Seine, made a motion to-day in favor ef am?
nesty for Communists. He said Boaapartlsts
Intend to agitate the Impeachment of the gov?
ernment of the 4th of September, dissolution of
the National Assembly, and a pleblscltum to
decide the future form of government.
THE "HEATHEN CHIVEE" IN REBEL?
LION.
Desperate Fight at Los Angelos-Fif
teen Chinamen Hanged.
SAN FRANCISCO, October 25.
A desperate fight took place la the Chinese
quarter at Los Angelos. Officer Bilderon at?
tempted to arrest a Chinaman for shooting
another. He was resisted, aad called on Rob?
ert Thompson, a cltizea, to assist him. The
Chinese opened fire oa both of them. Thomp?
son fell, aad died immediately. Officer Bil
deron was shot, but escaped on horseback. A
mob soon collected aod attacked the whole
Chinese quarters. They were resisted by the
Chinese. Five hundred armed men surround?
ed the Chinese quarters to preveat aay from
escaping. Fifteen Chinamen were hanged by
the moo, and their housed fired. The fire,
however, was extinguished.. At 9 P. M., yes?
terday, order at Los Aogelos had been partial?
ly restored by the authorities. No more blood?
shed has taken place. Several Chinamen have
been arrested aod are lodged la Jail.
THE FOREST FIRES.
DETROIT, October 25.
The Michigan State relief committee issues
an appeal which states that twelve to fifteen
thousand people in that State have lost every?
thing. The fires are still burning, and new
ones springing up. Money and supplies may
be seat direct to the Michigan relief commit?
tee, Chicago.
HARRISBDRO, PENN., October 25.
The mountain forests above* Dauphin are
buming.
SAN FRANCISCO, October 25.
Fires are raging la the coan counties from
Los Angelos northward.
POUGHKEEPSIE, October 24.
The atmosphere here is dense with smoke
from the burning mountains aod forests ia
Ulster County.
THE LIVONIA BEATES' BT THE
DAUNTLESS.
NKWYORK. October 25.
The Dauntless beat the Livonia yesterday,
by eleven minutes and three seconds. It was
a challenge race, for a fifty guinea cup. Dis?
tance, one hundred aod forty miles.
EPISCOPAL CONVEXTION.
BALTIMORE, October 25.
It ls understood that the House of Bishops
have passed the caaoo oa the ritual as re?
ported by the jolot committee by a vote of
twenty-four to nloeteen.
SPARKS FRG3I THE WIRES.
-Four cadets have been dismissed from
West Point lor "Hazing."
-The People's Insurance Company of San
Francisco bas suspended.
-Difficulty Is experieaced In New York io
getting a jury to try the Ko3eoweig case.
-Kate Leon, a girl of eighteen, was found
dead ia Westero aveuue, Boston, with her
head crushed. Signs of a struggle but no clue.
-Laud patents have been Issued to the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, for the
second section of twenty miles, the commis?
sioner having reported it complete aod fully
equipped as a first-class road.
-Ia the Episcopal Couventlon yesterday, a
resolution was reported from the committee
that only variations from the standard prayer?
book were unlawful. Consideration post?
poned.
-The journals of lioscow report the dread?
ful ravages committed by a tiger which had
escaped from a meaagerie iu a couutry dis?
trict oear to that city, aud which had waoder
ed about for thirteen weeks, liviog altogether
oo human victims. For some, time past la the
government ot'Moscow aod la the district ol
Podol have beeo fouod the remalos ofpanlal
ly devoured women aud childreo. Io other
districts similar remalas have been discovered,
and at a locality two miles from Moscow,
thirteen skeletons ol' mea were tound, together
with several pieces of still bloedlug fle>h.
It Is not stated that this voracious beast has
been captured. I ^rss
?lavxiets.
BARNWELL-BARNWELL.-ID Beaufort, C.
on the 17tb Instant, by the Rev. Joseph R. Walk?
er, D. D., JAMES L. BARS-WELL to ELIZABETH,
(Mutterer or (be late Rev. William fl. Barnwell, of
Charleston, S. C.
funeral ?f o ticca.
THE FRIENDS AND ACQUAINT?
ANCES of Mr. and Mrs. SETH S TURD! VANT are
respectfully invited to attend the Fanerai of the
former, frcm his late residence, No. 308 Meeting
street. THIS MORNING, at e o'clock, without
further Invitation. _ oct28
^SOLOMON'S LODGE, No. 1, A. F.
M.-The officers and members of Solomon's
Lodge, No. I, A. F. M., are respect fully invited to
attend the Funeral of Brother SETH STURDI
VANT, from bis lata residence, No. 306 Meeting
street, THIS MORNING, at 9 o'clock.
By order W. M.
<*ct26_L. B. LOVEOREEN. Secretary.
THE FRIENDS AND ACQUAINT?
ANCES of Mr. Wm. Gourley, first officer of the
schooner Myrover, of her agents, Wm. Roach
Co., of Captain Robert T. Brown, and Wm. Shep?
perd, are cordially Invited to attend the Funeral
Services of Mr. GOURLEY, THIS MORNING, at io
o'clock, at the Mariners' Church, Church street.
Shipmasters and seamen are specially Invited.
oct26_
GAILLARD -Died, at Cheraw. S. C., on the 94th
Instaut, AUODSTOS T. GAILLARD, of this city, in
the 27ih year of lils age.
THE RELATIVES AND FRIENDS
of AUGUSTUS T. GAILLARD, and of Mrs. Joanna
Gaillard and family, are respectfully Invited to
attend the Funeral Services of the former, at Sf.
Michael's Church, THIS HORSING, at io o'clock,
without further invitation. oct26
THE RELATIVES, FBLEND3 AND
ACQUAINTANCES Of Mrs. REBECCA HENKEN,
Mr. A. Heaken, Mr. and Mrs. H. Finck, Mr. and
Mrs. H. H. Funck, Mr. H. Bulwlnkle, and Mr.
and Mrs. John Graver, are respectfully invited to
attend the Fanerai of the former, from Mr. John
H. Graver's, No. 336 King street, at ll A. M.
oct26?_
?M* THE RELATIVES, FRIENDS AND
Acquaintances of Mr JOHN H. TlEOEMANNJMr.
John N. Tiedemann, Mr. John H. Graver and fam?
ilies, are respectfully invited to attend the Fune?
ral of the former at the rest lenee of Mr. John H.
Graver, Sontheast omer King aad Reid streets,
THIS DAY, at ll o'clock, A. M. oct26
^GERMAN STEAM FIRE COMPANY.
You are respectfully invited to attend the Fane?
rai of your late brother fireman, JOHN H. TIEDE?
MANN, from his late residence, sontheast corner
of King and Reid streets, at ll o'clock A. M., THIS
DAT. GERHARD R1ECKE,
oct26_President.
JET GERMAN STE 4M FIRE COMPANY.
You are hereby requested to attend the Fanerai
of oar late brother fireman, WM. HUXOLL, at 8
o'clock THIS AFTERNOON, in citizens' dress.
By order of the President.
oct26_MAX BELITZER, Secretar/.
^THE RELATIVES AND FRIENDS
of Mr. and Mrs. Ernest P. Passailalgae, and of
Mrs Passallatgae, are invited to attend the Fane?
rai Services of Mr. ERNEST P. PA8SAILAIGUB, at
St. Mary's Church, Hasel streeet, at half-past 8
o'clock. THIS (Thursday) AFTERNOON. oct2d
?bitnarrj.
HAMMOND.-Died at hts summer residence, at
Dalton, Ga., on the 19th instant, the Hon. Wu.
HAMMOND, in the 79th year of his age.
STE1NMEYER.-Departed this lire, on the
morning or the 2l8t instant, of Congestion ef the
Brain, ELLEN AMELIA, youngest daughter of J. F.
and M. Stein meyer.
Blessed are the dead, who die In the Lord.
?W CHARLESTON BIBLE SOCIETY.-.
The Treasurer or the Charleston Bible Society wu;
.celve Subscriptions or Donations at his office,
No. 08 East Bay, corner of Atlantic Wharf. The
payment of Two Dollars will constitue a person a
member for one year. Bibles are kept on band
for distribution. Ths Society has one Colporteur
in the field, and solicits aid to Introduce another.
Persons interested in ths woik or seeking farther
Information will please call on the Treasurer.
J. N. ROBSON,
aprts-emos_Treasurer C. B. 8.
?W UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT.-By an Order of the Hon. GEO. S.
BRYAN, United States District Judge, the hearing
orall petitions and motions In Bankruptcy, or or
the general buslnesi or the District C jurt ls post?
poned until the first Monday or November next.
iepjO_DANL. HORLBECK, Clerk.
?9~ SHAVING SALOON.-MR. J. H.
WE ic H M AN will superintend the business lately
conducted by Mr. LOMBARDO, and will be
pleased to see bis friends and the patrons of the
establishment, at the Old stand, la Market street,
where HO palos will be spared to please.
QCtl4_
^SPECIAL NOTICE.-SOUTH CARO?
LINA RAILROAD COMPANY, CHARLESTON, S.
C., OCTOBER U,l87l.-The following Fairs wll
commence on the dates mentioned below:
Atlanta.October 16
Macon.October 23
Orangebnrg.October 24
Augusta.October 31
Colombia.November 6
AU Frei ?ht shipped over this Road for the above
Fairs will be returned FREE, upon the Certificates
or the Secretaries that they were on exhibition.
Return Tickets for ONE FAKE will be sold to
visitors, commencing sale three days before the
date of each Fair, and good for fifteen days.
J. X SELKIRK.
Superintendent G. S. F. Une.
S. B. PICK ENS, General Ticket Agent.
OCtl2_
^NOTICE TO PLANTERS.-IN
order to accommodate my planting friends who
may wish to use the COMPOUND ACID PHOS?
PHATE for composting wltn Cotton Seed, pre?
pared at Rlkersvllle by the Pacific Guano Com?
pany, under the personal supervision of Dr. ST.
JULIEN RAVENEL, and which has given such
general satisfaction, I am willing to deliver NOW,
charging no Interest until the 1st or March next
at that time to be paid in cash, or on time, at the
price and terms I am then selling at.
J. N. ROBSON,
No. 65 East Bay and Nos. l and Atlantic Wharf
oct5-th8t?lmoD?c _
?3* A CLEAR COMPLEXION AND A
healthy skin can never be obtained while the
pores of the skin are obstructed, or the blood ls
in an impure condition. Dr. JAYNE'S ALTERA?
TIVE will, however, restore the urlty of the skin
and will thoroughly c eanse the blood: lt will also
remove the obstinate state of the pores, and free
the perspiration from all impurities and gross
particles. A trial will establish Its efficacy. Sold
by all Druggies. GOODRICH, WINEMAN CO.,
Wholesale Agents, Charleston, S. C.
oct21-3tnthS_
?S- ON MARRIAGE. -BSj,
Happy relief Tor Young Men rrom the effects
or Errors and Abuses In early lire. Manhood re?
stored. Nervous debility cureJ. Impediments
to Marriage removed. New method or treat?
ment. New and remarkable remedies. Books
and Circalars sent free, in sealed envelopes? Ad?
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South
Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. octlt'
Sp?cial JXatlctt.
&B~ NOTICE.-THE UNDERSIGNED
do hereby gire notice that neither they nor any
member of their firm hare any business connec?
tion or association of any kind with Mr. E. E.
BEDFORD, Ko. 275 King street, Charleston, s. 0.,
Grocer, and that the ase of their name by E. E.
BEDFORD la any way is entlsjly wlthont authori?
ty. W. S. CORWIN 00.
0Ct24_
JV NOTICE-A LATE CAED OP W.
S. CORWIN CO. having nodded the public that
they were in no way connected with the under?
signed in business, and not responsible for any
use of their name, In order the more effectually
to advertise tte same, the undersigned hereby
announces that he has had no basin ess relations
with the Bald arm since Ap* ll, 1870, except of
being their creditor for the stock then purchased,
and since paid for.
EVERT E. BEDFORD,
cci26_Successor to W. 8. Corwin A Ob.
pm* COLLEGE OP CHARLESTON,
OCTOBER 2611871.-The WINTER TERM of this
College will commence on WKDNHDAT next,
November l. candidates for admission in the
Freshman or the Sophomore Class will present
themselves at the Pres dent's room at 10 o'clock
A. M. F. A. PORCHER,
oct 25-12_Secretary Faculty.
NOTICE.- ALL PARTIES ARE
hereby notified that debts contracted by the crew
or the Norwegian Ba*k DRAUPNER, Charlea In
gooidsen, Master, will not be paid by Master nor
Agenta. W. B. SMITH A- OO.
0Ct25-2_
?*f*ALL PERSONS ^HAVING LEFT
Furniture to be repaired at" the shop of the late
Mr. L. SCHWABE, corner ot Wentworth and Pitt
streets, will please call for the same between ll
A. M and 4 P. M., and take them away, before
THURSDAY EVENING next. Also, all persons hav?
ing demands against the late Mr. SCHWABS are
requea'?d to hand in their bills, and a'l who are
indebted to the same will make payment to
OCt24-3_MES. F. SCHWABE.
7&T- OFFICE CHIEF GLEBE OF MAR?
KETS, CHARLESTON, S. C., OCTOBER 23,1871.
Estlmates, with security, will be received by tao
undersigned un tu 12 o'clock M. on the 28th in?
stant for enclosing the arches on the north side
of the Market, with Sliding Shutters, from Meeting
to Ch arch streets. Plans and sp?cifications to be
seen with the Clerk of Markets.
WILLIAM KIRKWOOD,
oct23-fl_Chief Clerk.
?kW THE CHARLESTON CHARITA?
BLE ASSOCIATION, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
FREE SCHOOL FUND.-OFFIOAL RAFFLED
NUMBERS.
CLASS NO. if 5 -l?oRHINO.
8-33-78-12-5-52-46-31-34-73-43-7
As witness oar hand at colambla;this 25th day of
October, 1871. FENN PECK,
JAMES GILLI LAND,
octa_Sworn Commissioners.
jar* DISINFECTANTS.-THOSE IN
want of DISINFECTANTS will lind a tun assort?
ment at the Drag Store of Da. H. BA ER, in Mest*
tog street. sepl
Hew ?^^^^_
QCHOOL BOOKS I SCHOOL BOOKS I
BOT YOUR SCHOOL BOOKS AT
FOG A RTIE'S BOOK DEPOSITORY.
NEW CATALOGUE-NO. 17.
LOSSmO'S HISTORY OF ENGLAND, Political
Military and social, from {he Earliest Times to tua
Present, with Appendix, index and Maps, ss M.
Cold Dost, for tne Beautifying of Lives and
Homes. By "Brick" Pomeroy, Si M.
Brlct Dust, a Remedy for Blues, Ac. By "Brick"
Pomeroy, Si se.
The Teeth, and How to Save Them. By L. P.
Meredith, si 25.
Life of John Banyan, with No'lces of some of
his Cotemporarles and Specimens of his Style.
By D. A Baraba, fl SO.
Library of Biblical Literature, being a Reposi?
tory of Informatlou on Geographical, Historical,
Biographical, Scientific, Arohoologlcal and Lite?
rary Subjects in relation to the Holy Scripture?.
London s. s. Union. 0 vols, tn 3, $4 50.
The Wonders of Engraving. By George Duples
sis. Illustrated with tea Reproductions in Auto?
type, and thlrt/ foar Wood Engravings, by Sel?
lier. *9-
G ute a burg, and the Art of Printlog. By Emily
0. Pearson, with numerous Illustrations, $2.
"The Speaker's commentary." The Holy Bible
according to the authorized version (A. D
ion,) with an Explanation and Critical Com?
mentary and a Revision of the Translation by
Bishops and other Clergy of the Anglican C huron,
edited by F. C. Cook, M. A., Canon of Exeter.
Vol. 1. part l. Oenesls-Exodus. "From the
fulness, fairness, thoroughness and candor with
which all d fflcalt questions are discussed, thia
Bib'e Commentarj is sare to be satisfactory to
the scholar; while the plain, direot and devout
manner in which the meaning of the Sacred Text
la explained, thoroughly adapts lt for the widest
popular use. whether in the uoset la the family,
or tn the Sunday-school," SS.
Systematic Theology, by Charles Hodge, D. D.,
Professor la the Theological Seminary, Princeton,
N J VOL 1, S4 60.
A'oastllllan'oays,'by John Hays author of "Pike
County Ballads," Ac, S2.
Hood's Works, complete In 4 Vols, comprising
Prose and Verse, Whimsicalities, Whims, Ac"
Hood's Own and Poems, Up the Rhine, $6.
Barton's Anatomy of Melancholy, Library Edi?
tion, 3 VoU. Mor. Cloth, %b 25.
Isaac Disraeli, One Library Edition, edited with
notes by his son, viz: Cariosities or Literature,
4 Vols. $7; Amenities of Ltteratnre, 2 Vols., S3 60;
Calamities and Quarrels of Authors, 2 Vols., $3 60;
The Literary Character, $2 26.
Milman'* History of the Jews, from the Bfllr
en Period down to Modera Times, 3 Vols., $5 26.
Milman's Hletory of Latin Chrls .ianlty, 8 Vols.,
Shorewell: The Collected Writings ofJaues
Healy Thoruwell, D. D., LL. IVed ted ta' John
B. Anger. D. D" Proreasor of Eccleslastfcal His?
tory ta the Theological Seminary at Columbia, s,
u Vois "and 2. Per Vol. $4.
Howe* History CT fhe Presbyterian ?mjr?n?i
South Carolina, Vol. 1, *4
S3- Persons residing la the country will please
bear la mind that by sending their orders to us
tor any books published in America, they will be
charged only the price or the book. We pay tor
the postage or expresa
ser Address
FOG ARTIE'S BOOK DEPOSITORT,
So. 260 King street, (In the Bend,) Charleston, 8.0
octio-toths
Potent iflebicineg.
FINE FRENCH EXTRACTS FOR THE
HANDKERCHIEF.
LUBIN'S,
OHIRIS',
MOUILLERON'S, AO
For sale, in quantities to suit purchasers, by
DE. H. BASK,
may26 _No. W Meeting street.
PROFESSOR BE EG EB'S BED-BUG
DESTROYER.
Costars INSECT POWDER
Costar's Rat Poison
Isaacsea'sSare Pop-Death to Mosquitoes.
For sale by Da. EL RAER,
*iTt _No. 131 Meeting atr<>a?
TUST RECEIVED,
CARBONATE OF AMMONIA
Bicarbonate of Soda
Cream of Tartar
Fresh Hops.
For sale, wholesale and retail, by
Dr. H. BAER,
acm No. 131 Meeting street.
D
B. B A E B S
IMPROVED
VEGETABLE CATHARTIC PILLS
will remedy BILIOUS DISORDERS and
LIVER COMPLAINT-will cure Dyspepsia or
Indigestion, Headache, Costiveness, Loss of
Appetite, and have proved of great use la Neu?
ralgia, Dropsy, Dysentery, Piles, Pains In the Side,
Back and Limbs. They will cure Sick H ea dach?
and all Derangements or the Stomach. These
P 's contain no Mercury, and may be ure wita
pufect safety by any persons, and la au Bit-na?
tions or ure.
No ramlly should be without them.
Mauaractured by gs. H.BAER,
Wholesale and Retail Druggist,
Charleston, 8. C
Price per box 26 cents. Usual discount to tts
trails.