VOLUME XI.-NUMBER 1842.
CHARLESTON, MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1871.
EIGHT DOLLARS A YEAH
THE COLUMBIA CABAL.
rat: PLOT THICKENS-MORE CONSPIR?
ACIES HATCHING.
The Blue Ridge Railroad-State Treas?
urer Parker to be Thrown Overboard
by the Ring-The Financial Agent In
Columbia-More Ku-Kim Arrests
Who Employs Worthington, die.
[SPECIAL TELEGRAM TO THE NEWS.J
COLUMBIA, November 19.
The Blue Ridge stockholders, at their meet?
ing last night, after electing a new board ot
directors, adjourned until next Friday even?
ing. In the meantime Important plans of con?
solidation will be developed, whtcn will mate?
rially affect the selection of a new president in
place ot Harrison, who declines a re-election.
It has leaked ort that Mr. Worthington is
not employed to prosecute the En-Klux trials
by the United States Government, and it ls re?
ported that the State fees him heavily-to the
extent of three or four thousand dollars.
State Financial Agent KImpton and Ju J, re
Porter, ol New York, are here. It is stattd
that the main purpose of their visit is to con?
summate ti e transfer of tbe Greenville and
Columbia Railroad to the South Carolina Rail?
road Company, which was negotiated in New
York a few days ago. The wiseacres, how
ever, seem to attach much importance to
Kimpton'8 visit U columbia at this lime, and
it is rumored that an Important mandamus ls
on the tapis. A Moses-Scott-Bowen clique ls
said to nave been formed, one object of which
ls to force the resignation of State Treasurer
Parker, but the movements of the cabal are
exceedingly wary.
More Ku Klux arrests are reported in Union
and Chester counties. PICKET.
SCOTT'S BROKEN PLEDGE.
The Testimony of General H. C. Ratler
as te the Governor's Promise.
COLUMBIA, 8. C., November 17.
General M. C. Butler, late Chairmau of Com?
mittee of Eleven, Taxpayers' Convention:
BIB-You have, doubtless, observed the de?
nial of the promise made by Governor Scott to
the late Taxpayers' Convention, In reference
to the postponehTeTrrrbf the collection of the
taxes|of ihe State. Be pleased to give the pub?
lic your reply to hts said denial.
I am, yours respectfully.
J. P. THOMAS, Editor of the Phoenix.
COLUMBIA, S. C., November 18.
Colonel J. P. Thomas,.Editor Columbia Phoe?
nix:
DEAR Sra-Your note ot yesterday, calling
my attention to the denial of the promise made
by Governor Scott to the late Taxpayers' cop.
vention. "ia reference to the postpSuflhient of j
the payment of tbe taxes ot the State," and
asking* me "to give the public my reply to said
denial," has been received.
My recollection of that promise ls as follows,
and if the notes of the stenographer present at
tho Interview are preserved, I think they will
bear me oat:
Upon lt being represented to Governor j
Bott bv the committee, that lt would be a
gp.at hardship upon the people to pay two
levies in one year, especially when iarmlng
operations bad been so disastrous the preced?
ing year, he promised to postpone the en?
forcement of penalty tor non-payment until
the first of next March; that he would have
the tax books open, and in the meantime, If
any taxpayers felt disposed to pay their taxes,
they might have the opportunity to do so.
The promise not to enforce the penalty for
non-payment until the 1st of March was clear,
jaiterafea, occlusive and unmistakable.
Governor Scott, in assigning a reason for a
change of the time of collection to November,
did say that prominent gentlemen In the State
?tul recommended a change to the fall of the
?ieat as a more convenient season for persons
n some portions of the State to pay their
taxe? but this had nothing whatever to do
with his promise to postpone the penalty,
which was complete and unqualified.
Such, at least, are my recollections of "the
promise" and the interview. Very respectfully,
your obedient servant. M. C. BUTLER.
WHAT THE STAT? PAPERS HAVE TO
SAT ABOUT THE BOND FBAUDS.
Punish the Robbers.
[From the Anderson intelligencer..
We are not yet prepared to advocate repu
dlarfon of any part ot the State debt lawlully
contracted, nor do we think it advisable to
refuse payment of county taxes, and lt would
be difficult to dissever this from the State levy
But we think there is a way to stop this
shameless plundering of an oppressed people.
Once establish the guilt of the parties con?
cerned in the over-issue ot bonds or other
fraudulent transactions, and then apply legal
remedies, such as ferreted out and brought to
Srief the wholesale robberies In New York
ity. Let the executive committee of the
Taxpayers' Convention take this matter In
hand, and get hold of the right parties, have
them arrested by legal process, brought to
trial for their misdeeds, and thus strike at the
root of the evil. Knough ls known at this
time to place nearly all connected with the
State government in the Penitent: ATV.
Wanta them Hang.
[From the Orange'' irgNews.]
We say away with your unpractical conven?
tions, and let us to work like men; and if, as
alleged, there has been a fraudulent Issue ol
bonds, let us ferret out the guilty parties and
see that they are punished. Find them, and
we will help to make up a purse to lee able
and honest lawyers to have them hung, If it
be possible.
Arraign the Officials.
[From the Yorkviile Enquirer.]
If Governor Scott, Niles G. Parker, Dr. Nea
gie, and others, who are charged with perpe?
trate? these alleged frauds are guilty ot the
chards, let them be brought to the bar of
justice in a legal manner and there be made
to^answer for their misdeeds. Our State offi?
ci?t are amenable to the people tor their act?,
and the people have lt lo their power to hold
them to a strict accountability for the falthlul
performance of their duties. Let us Ignore
the idea of repudiating legal obligations, and
let the people pay their taxe3 as they become
due; and having discharged, our duties proper
ly, it our public officers are remiss lo the per
formance of theirs, let them be brought to
condign punishment in a legal manner.
Pay Every Honest Debt.
r [From the Walhalla Courier.]
Repudiation of our old debt in full is not
right. That which bas been legally and hon
eatly done under the present State govern
ment ought also to be respected. Let us, in
extricating ourselves from these difficulties,
preserve our good name for honesty and fair
dealing.
No Repudiation of Just Debts.
[From the Darlington Index.]
A caucus of representative Republicans have
pledged themselves to a scheme of repudiation
at the next session of the Legislature, and
from the influential character ot these men in
the party, lt ls probable tbat they will not fall.
We outsiders can discuss the matter as a laney
question. To repudiate an honest and just debt
ls In the Individual or the State impolitic and
suicidal in the last extreme. But everything
depends upon the fact that the obligation is
honest and Just. THE CHARLESTON NEWS takes
a very noble position In this matter, and we
are sorry to see the Courier Anding fault with
lt. The only difference between the two ls
that THE NEWS proposes a full investigation
before passing Judgment; the Courier is satis?
fied with the evidence already produced.
Whilst none ot us may doubt tho result of such
a thorough investigation, lt would be certainly
highly proper lo Justify 3uch an extreme Judg?
ment aB repudiation.
Repudiate ail Fraudulent Bonds.
[From the Georgetown Times.]
It appears to us, and to every thinking maa
with whom we have conversed, that there ls
only one remedy bv which the state can oe
acred from complete bankruptcy, and that
is repudiation. The word ls usually offen?
sive, but under the circumstances no more
disgrace or discredit would attach to the State
bv repudiating these fraudulent bonds, than
bv a repudiation of bonds feloniously stolen
from the State by outside burglars and rob?
bers.
Pay No Taxes Until tbe Last Moment.
[From the Unit n Times.]
In this condition ol our affairs, we think the
suggestion ot THE CHARLESTOS NEWS should
be acted upon by the people. Pay not a dollar
into the treasury until the last moment allow?
ed by law.
The Wall of an Honest Radical.
[From the Beaufort Republican.]
Well may the people ask where are we drift-1
lng. There is but one answer-to the shores of I
bankruptcy and ruin. It looks to us as if Scott
and his Radical satellites were endeavoring to
make money out of the bonds. Investigation
ls out ot the question; and it ls not policy to
urge repudiation-that will not bring *tbe
scoundrels to bay. It the Governor will only
emulate the course of that coward, Bullock, of I
Georgia, and net well out of tbe way, the peo
Sle ot South Carolina will then be enabled to
raw one good long breath, with a hearty
"Thank God" at the end of lt.
Let os Seek Relief Through the Courts.
[From the Colombia Phoenix.]
We are fully satisfied that there bas been an
extensive, fraudulent over-Issue of State
bonds. The minimum is about $10,000,000.
The maximum may be $30.000,000, more or
less. What is the immediate remedy The
patient is ill. The Charleston Courier advises
repudiation of the bonds issued in iraud.
THE CHARLESTON NEWS says, "stop the sup?
plies." The Winnsboro' News says, "call a
convention." In our judgment, all of these
expedients may come In hereafter. At present,
the expedients proposed fail to meet the case.
They are premature. What, then, ls the course
proper to be pursued We deem lt
?lain. Tbe Legislature assembles soon,
homas Jefferson Mackey, we learn, ls writing
the Governor's message. The plan of the
ringleaders will be to cover up what has
been done, and to make new Issues of bonds.
The vultures are now gathering about the
Statehouse, and the plan ls laid tor Bowen
loin Whlttemore In the Legislature. What
shall be done in view of further bond legisla
tion? It is to apply promptly before some
South Carolina judge-say Judge Melton-for
an injunction, restraining the Legislature from
further bond issues, until we bave indemnity
and explanation for the past and security for
the future. Go to the courts. Let us see if we
have in South Carolina a judge bold enough
and true enough to throw his mantle between
a plundered people and a horde of hungry
thieves and swindlers. Let us first try the
courts, as has been done in New York with
success to the people and damnation to the
Tammany traves. Alter this immediate, prac
tical and' effective remedy, which will bring
forward persons and papers, we may talk ot
other matters still left to an outraged people
Our idea is this Tbe mad bull of financial rad
lcallsm ls In the china closet ot the State
Some say let us examine him. Some say let
us starve bim. Some say let us ignore him
We say let us first seize him by the horns, and
then, at our leisure, after we have stopped his
wild career, we can skin him, cut bim up, dis
Beet him, and examine the contents of bis ca
paclouB maw. The remedy that we want ls
one practlc tenable, discreet and eagaclou
Let us try the one proposed, before essaying
other expedients. In the meantime, nothing
will be lost. We shall have new developments.
Discordant elements are at work within the
ranks of the conspirators. Let us watch and
walt. Our objective point ls now to secure the
restraining writ of inj unction.
IMPORTANT COTTON CLAIMS.
WASHINGTON, November 19.
A large number of cotton cases are pending
bet?re the Court of Claims, which will soon
resume its sessions. Some of them will de?
pend for their allowance upon a decision to be
rendered by the Supreme Court of the United
States on appeal from the Court ot Claims, tbe
latter having decided against a claimant on
the ground that tbe proclamation of the Presi?
dent removing commercial restrictions went
Into effect at tbe time of Its publication, and
not on the day of Its date. The non-suited
party contended that lt took effect at the time
tbe original copy was filed In the department j
sf State. There having been seizures of cot?
ton between the date ol the proclamation and
the day ot Its publication, the decision of the
Supreme Court becomes Important In the ad?
judication ot tLese o'al ms, the proclamation
having In its effect dispensed with cotton
seizures.
TETE OLD WORLD'S NEWS.
PARIS, November 19.
Ot the Communists who have been found
guilty of causing tbe death of Generals Thomas
?nd I.ecomte Bevon have been sentenced to
death and tbe others to imprisonment. Ver*
laguer suffers death.
The publication ol' La Avenir and Pays have
been suspended for printing articles insulting
to the Government Several additional courts
martial have been established, more speedily
to dispose of Communists.
ti am betta's speech was of a moderate tone.
He assured hts bearers that r?r> present dan?
cer menaced the Republic, but that reforms
were necessary to confirm it.
LONDON, November 18.
The first Roman Catholic mission ever de?
spatched from England to America Balled to?
day. The party consists of four priests, whose
duty it will be to labor exclusively among the
colored people ot the United States. Atter
the celebration of mass, previous to their de?
parture. Archbishop Manning addressed the
mission, when he said that this mission bad
been established by tbe Church in England be?
cause this country bad Imposed slavery on
America, and it was fitting that Englishmen
should be the first to move for the am?liora
tion of the newly emancipated race.
THE WEATHER THIS DAT.
WASHINGTON. November 19.
The low barometer In Wisconsin will proba
)ly extend eastward, with brisk southwest
winds irom Lake Erle to Illinois and north?
ward, preceded by cloudy weather, and possi?
bly rain on the lower lakes. Northerly winds
md clear weather will prevail on Monday In
Mississippi and Texas; cloudy and clearing
weather will continue in the S un he rn States,
?xceptlng Florida; threatening weather, with
ra Htm: barometer In Florida and on the Middle
ind East Atlantic coasts. Cautionary signals
continue at Chicago, Milwaukee and Grand
Haven.
Vcsterday's Weather Reporta or the
Signal Service, S. A.-4.47 P. H.,
Local Time.
Bli S 9
Place of SS a
Observation. S, B r 1 a
n 3
3 o P S
__1 _ J_2._I_L_f
iigusta, Ga.... 30.26' 53 Calm.?Cloudy.
Baiumore. 30.42' 47 Calm.Cloudy.
?uBton. 30.38 42 B Gentle. Fair.
Burlington, Vt.. 30.35-32 S Fresh. |01oudy.
Buffalo. N. Y.... 30.O? 43 SE Ughr. iTlir'ng.
jape May, N. J.. 30.43 48 E Gentle. {Cloudy.
:alr?, III.30.21 37 w Fresh. Cloudy.
;narteston. 30.26 61 NE Lt?h'. cloudv.
Jhlcago.-?9-99 35 SW Brisk. Icioudy.
Jmclnnarl.JO. tl 51 SW Gentle. IThr'ng.
Jieveland. 30.00 48 SE Gentle. Cloudy.
Davenport, Iowa 38.03 31 SW Brisk. Olondr.
Detroit.?9.91 48 >E Gentle. Cloudy.
Jalveswn.30.2 50^ Fresh. Ciear.
JraudHaven.... 29.9u 37?SW Br.sk. Icioudy.
indianapolis_ 30.06 39?SW Fre-h. Cloudy.
Hcksburg.so.22 54 w Gentle, dear.
ieokuh, Iowa... 10.00 32 SW Fresh. (Cloudy,
iey West, Fla.. :0.05 77 NE Fresh. I Fair.
Snoxville, Tenn. 30.13 49 Calm.Misty.
-ake city. Fla.. 30.13 72|0alm.'Fair.
lea ven worth... 30.2: 301W .jemie. |<iudy.
^ouisvlde.30.10 42 sw Fresh. Cloudy.
-vnchburg. 30.36 48 sw Gentie. Cloudy.
?empliis. Tenn.. 3'.22 41 W Fresh. Fair,
diiwaukee, Wis, 29.8* 33SW Brisk. Cloudy.
aortic.30.16 ?5 SE Light. Ulundi.
?a?livnle.3J.3I 41 sw Q.-utle. Thr'ng
sew London, ct. 30.41 40 w Ltgnt. Fair,
iew Orleans... 30.15| 54 K Centl-. '.Clear.
lew York.30.41 B Gentle, cloudy.
?jr?olk.|30.3? 61 SE Ltght. Cloudy.
is weg?. S. 30.17 42 SE Fresh, cloudy.
?hiladelphla.30.41 39|B [Gentle. Cloudy.
?itrsburg, Pa.... 3U.I8 53?Calm .Fair.
?ortlnnd. Me.... 30.3*- 38 sw Gentle. Clear.
>unta Rosa, Fla 30.u9 76?NE Fresh. Fair,
tocheater, N. Y. 30.11 42 S Fresh. Cloudy.
iivantiah.3J.2.' 62 NE Ltght. Cloudy.
?hreveport, La.. 30.20 46 NW Light. Clear.
ir. Lui?. 29.99 3t> sW Gentle. Cloudy.
toledo, 0. 29.94 49 S Fresh. Cloudy.
Vashlugton.D C. 30.36 46 SE Gentie. Cloudy.
vnmrnztou.N C. 3J.30 61 E Geutle. Cloudy,
acksonvlUe 30.26 68 NE Gentle. Fair.
THE COTTON PROSPECT.
THE AGRICULTURAL BUREAU RE?
VISES ITS CROP ESTIMATE.
Better Reports from the Cotton Fields
The "Moderate Expectation*" of Joly
and August Likely tobe Fulfilled.
WASHINGTON, November 18.
The November returns of the Department
of Agriculture, relative to the condition and
yield of the cotton crop, indicate a larger pro?
duct than was expected in October, and
promise fully to make good the moderate ex?
pectations of July and August.
There had been no killing frosts up to the
date of these reports. In the rich and well
cultivated Boils of the lower tier ol States the
plant was as green and vigorous as in sum?
mer. In some places the top crop was matur?
ing, though complaints of the immaturity or
loss of the latter growth are quite general. In
the latitude of Middle Georgia the squares
formed between August 25th and September
25th, under favorable circumstances, promise
to make, good cotton. The principal cause
of the reduction of yield in Texas is drought;
In Louisiana drought, insects and black
rot; in Mississippi wet weather in the
spring, drought In summer, and in iso?
lated sections the caterpillar or boll
worm; In Florida driving winds and floods,
which occasioned nearly the total destruction
ol considerable areas, and drought has
wrought more or lesa injury In Alabama, Geor?
gia and Sp"*b Carolina. The yield per acre,
as Indicated by county estimates, is largest In
Arkansas, decreasing In the following order:
Texas.Tennessee. Mississippi, Louisiana, North
Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina
and Florida. The more northern cotton esti?
mates show the least reduction from their
usual averages. The tabulations for Novem?
ber are estimates tor each county of the total
product of the year expressed as percentages
of the actual crop of last year. These ave?
rages, adjusted with regard to the relative
production ol the counties reported, give the
following result: Area In each of the States
North Carolina, 80 percent.; South Carolina,
68; Georgia, 67; Florida, 58; Alabama, 73;
Mississippi, 72; Louisiana, 65; Texas, 68;
Arkansa?, 89; Tennessee, 90. A lew coun?
ties in Florida, Kentucky and Missouri make
reports of much the same tenor as the returns
from North Carolina and Tennessee. The
quality of the fibre is reported good in all sec?
tions up bo the present date. A very email
proportion of discolored or trashy cotton has
been gathered. Some attention has been paid
to improvement in quality by the Introduction
of the Peeler and other improved varieties.
Many correspondents note the superiority in
yield and comparative exemption Irom disease
under careful culture and Judicious lertlllsa
tion. The November and December returns
ol the bureau will be Issued together and will
contain the substance of all cotton reports up
to December lat.
COTTON MOVEMENT FOR THE WEEK.
The Rccelpts|Falllng Off.
NEW TORE, November 19.
The cotton movement, as compared with
last week, shows a slight decrease In receipts,
and considerable Increase In exports. The
movement for the expired portion of the cotton
year, however, showB a large tailing off, both
In receipts and exports, as compared with the
corresponding period of last season. The re?
ceipts at all the ports for the week have been
101,494 bales, against 105,400 last week, 96,708
for the previous week, and 93,969 three weeks
since. Total receipts since September, 666,
608 bales, against 799,329 during the corres?
ponding period of the previous year, showing
a decrease of 132,721 bales. The exports from
all ports for the week have been 59,889 bales,
against 87,655 for the same week last year.
The total exports for the expired portion of
the cotton year have been 289,435 bales,
against 369,963 during the same time last
year.
The present stock, as compared with that ol
the corresponding week last year, ls as fol?
lows:
Nov. 19, 1871. 1870.
At all ports.329,183 342,607
At the interior towns. 83,806 88,570
la Liverpool.539,060 408.00)
American cotton afloat for
Great Britain. 94.000 169,000
Indian colton afloat for
Europe.338.182 192,000
The South was visited last week with heavy
frosts, and it ls feared that considerable dam?
age has been done to the ungathered crop.
?.V ENGLISH VIEW OF COTTON.
The Latest Circular or Smith. Edwards
A Co.
Smith, Edwards 4 Co., Liverpool, In their
Monthly Cotton Circular of the 31st of October,
ult., remark
We learn that many of the manufacturers
are arranging to work their looms "short
time "the position of those who have to buy
their yarn ls indeed very bad, and holds out no
hope of amelioration but spinners have still
a moderate worklug margin, and we see no
sign of limiting the consumption of cotton
for the present, and we still estimate the
weekly quantity being used in the kingdom at
60,000 bales. In the early part of the month
spinners increased their stocks largely, but
they have latterly reduced them considerably;
and as we Incline to think a good deal of their
reported takings have been resold in this
market, it seems probable that the stock in
port ls larger than the estimate, and the hold?
ings of the trade less than ls generally sup?
posed for this reason we do not think that a
fong time will elapse before they enter our
market more freely again.
The prospects of our market continue to
hinge exclusively on the size and development
ot the American crop, and we have to report
that, during the month of October, fine pick?
ing weather has prevailed lu the Southern
States, lending a somewhat more lavorable
hue to the accounts ot the crop. The rapid
increase of receipts has also tended to enlarge
people's ideas of the yield, though we scarcely
Bee that any Important conclusion can be
drawn from them. Compared with the ex?
tremely small receipts of September, there is
no doubt a rapid Increase, but this was In?
evitable whatever was the size of the crop.
At this time of the year planters must ha .e a?
much cotton to send to the ports as their gins
will turn out, whatever be the size of the
crop, and their deliveries will be regulated
mainly by the price ruling, and whether they
consider it a lair one in relation to the ex?
pected yield.
The accounts by letter from America up to
the middle of October are about as unfavorable
as at any time this season, and we scarcely
notice auy disposition to lucrease estimates,
the general idea was three to three and a third
millions, and the October estimate of
the Agricultural Bureau was only three
millions against three and a half millions
tor September; in most of tbe States the
appearance of the plant is represented as
rather worse at the beginning of October than
lt was at the beginning of September. It is
true, however, that the weather during October
lias been highly lavorable for picking, no kill
ng frost has yet occurred, so that danger from
.nat cause is passing away, aod we bear by
nable of a disposition to Increase estimates,
?hle?ly from New Orleans, where we are
ntormed that three and a quarter to turee and
i half millions ls now the current estimate. We
.hinklt may be safely said that fully
[bree and a quarter millions ls now the
irevailing estimate among conservative
jeople In America, and we doubt if the
iiate of the crop will justify more than this.
IrVe fear it is beyond doubt that over a large
jart ol the cotton region the yield is irre
;rievably bad, the plant lacked vitality and
lied out, and even a late fall would do little
o restore it. In other parts the top crop
nay mature if the weather keeps fine for some
veeks longer; but we cannot feel, after eur
reying the whole question, that the yield ls
ikely to exceed three and a half millions
inder any circumstances, while we lear it will
lot even reach that figure unless a remark?
ably loug open season prevails. For this rea?
son we do not expect a further downward
movement at present, and should there be any
slackening In the rate of receipts, there would
likely be Increased activity both here and in
Manchester. The daily movements of our
market will be regulated very much by re?
ceipts, and these lt ia quite Impossible to pre?
dict, depending as they do more upon the dis
position of planters to sell at any elven time
than upon the magnitude ot the crop We
incline to think, however, that plant?is will
not push forward their cotton very fast this
winter, unless they get high prices, for they
are Arm believers In a very short crop, and
have full control of their movements In conse?
quence of having raised this crop very much
upon their own resources.
But while we make tbese remarks lo favor
of our market, we would guard against en?
couraging sanguine hopes ot an important
rise. It ls obvious there will be no real scarci?
ty of American cotton here before liberal ship?
ments arrive-for cotton ls coming forward to
this country much faster than was expected.
The price will therefore be governed, not by
temporary scarcity, but by the general pros?
pects of tbe trade for the entire season. And
we doubt If our spinners will again run up our
market by heavy purchases, when they can
cover contracts by buying In America. We
rather expect a steady business in American
cotton at not very far from the present basia;
but we think Surats cheap at about 7d for fair
Dhollerah, and as our Import for many months
must be very small, and a better export de?
mand ls now due, we expect this class of cot?
ton to harden, provided American keeps at Its
present price till the spring months.
Egyptian cotton, alter a rapid advance, has
suddenly collapsed. The stock was counted
and proved to be double what lt was reported
to be, and as arrivals tn Alexandria are liberal,
and prices moderate, there bas been a pres?
sure to Bell. We do not expect, however, tbat
this description of cotton will be relatively so
cheap during the coming season, as the con?
sumption is rapidly Increasing, and the Conti?
nent will compete with us more keenly for
this crop, BO that at no time will so heavy a
stock be thrown upon Liverpool.
GLIMPSES OF GOTHAM.
Dissolving View? of Tweed, Sweeny and
Connolly-What the Legislature will
Do-Sweeping ChangesC ontemplated
-A. New Mayor to be Sleeted In April
The Erl? Ring tobe Smashed-Wining
an English Lord Bishop-The Fall or
South Carolina Bonds In Wall Street.
[FROH otra OWN CORRRBPONOKNT.]
Nsw YORE, November 15.
The most popular rumor of the season, next
to that ot the Grand Duke's arrival, is the
r?signation and flight of ex-Boss Tweed. Tbe
story ls varied a little to-day. The ex-Boss
will throw up hla offices and perquisites on
the plea that all his time will now be required
to prepare for his defence In the suits brought
against him In the courts and for the contest
which will Inevitably come when he attempts
to take his seat In the State Senate. There
ls probably some truth in this. Tweed will
have his bands full to save himself from State
prison, and, perhaps, may not succeed alter
all. His political power ls gone, but he still
possesses certain strength In the possession of
great wealth. It remains to be seen if thia
potent engine can be used effectively to buy
up juries, judges, legislatures and the leading
politicians In the Belora movement.
Another report ls to the effect that Peter B.
Sweeny, the "brains" of the late Tammany
organization, who has resigned from all offi?
cial position, is packing up his baggage for an
extended tour in the Old World. He proposes
to be absent from the United States until after
the Presidential election. Inquiries are still
rife as to the disposition of Connolly's part of
the plunder. About a million In United States
bonds are said to be In the possession of Con?
nolly's son, who is keeping himself out of the
way in Europe. Halt as much again ls be?
lieved to have been put into diamonds, which
are the most portable kind ot valuable prop?
erty, and the most easily gotten off with. Con?
nolly continues to be tbe titular comptroller,
but Deputy Green does all the work and com?
pletely ignores his nominal chief. It ls notice?
able that since Connolly betrayed his fellow
peculators, and played into the hands of the
committee of seventy, he bas been quietly let
alone by the reform newspapers. Even Mast
has dropped his figure out of those dreadful
caricatures published in Harper's Weekly.
And yet he was unquest'onably the worst ol
the gang.
The fall of Tammany ls likely to drag anoth?
er lamons ring down to perdition with lt. Ac?
cording to the Tribune, the new Legislature
will break up the grand Flsk-Gould combina?
tion in the Erle Railroad, and strip those
mammoth operators of their ill-gotten gains.
But Fisk has hitherto been very successful in
manipulating Legislatures, and Republican
legislators have not been eminent for virtue
in the proeer.ee of Jim's money-bags. The
effort will undoubtedly be made at Albany
next winter to destroy Fisk's power, and an
opportunity will be presented of testing the
sincerity of Radical professions of reform.
The changes made by the new Legislature
will be sweeping. It ls too much to hope that
they will not be fashioned ao as to serve parti?
san Interests, and assist lo the carrying of tbe
State for Grant. But, nevertheless, there will
be some good come with all the evil, and such
Democrats In the House as Mr. Tilden, and
senators as Mr. Hardenberg and ex-Mayor
Tiemann, may be able, to some extent, to curb
Radical selfishness. The first business done
will be to repeal the city charter, legislate
Hall, Tweed and Connolly out ot office, and
restore the old system ol governing by com?
mission?, (the origin ot the late era of corrup?
tion.) An election for new city officials will
be ordered for April. The registry law will be
made more stringent. The Brooklyn elly
charter will also be repealed, and Radical
commissions placed In power. Probably the
Judiciary system, so tar as the constitution will
permit the Legislature to Interfere, will be
overhauled, and such Judges as Barnard, Mc?
cann and Pratt got rid of. Litigation will be
simplified, and the delay In the trial of causes
checked. The enormous fees of county officers
will be cut down. Toe New York sheriff
makes $100.000 per annum. The county clerk's
office ls worth halt as much. The Brooklyn
county officials clear from $20,000 to $50,000
per annum. They ought to be satisfied to do
their work for $3500 each.
The English Bishop of Litchfield, who has
been visiting bis Episcopal brethren In this
country, accompanied by several clergymen ot
tbe Church of England, embarked to-day for
Liverpool. He was entertained with a public
breakfast at Del mo nico's yesterday, most of the
distinguished divines and laity of the church
In this city and neighborhood being present.
There waa toasting and speaking after the
manner of secular convivial gatherings, and
many handsome things were said of England
and America. An unusually Interesting mat?
ter called the company from their cups. A
bridal party awaited the coming of the Lord
Bishop at the residence of the Right Reverend
Bishop of New York. Thither the company
proceeded, and Dr. Selwyn performed tbe
ceremony of marrying Bishop Potter's daugbter
to a gentleman of this city.
South Carolinas continue to drop In the
bond market. The Ring continues to keep
them up lor a while by denying the truth of
the newspaper reports of over Issues. But
the belief ls gradually getting fixed In Wall
street that where there ls so much smoke
there must be some fire, and the refusal of the
State officials to furnish any lucid explanation
ol the mystery connected with the heavy
priming of bonds until the Legislature meets,
ls assisting in the depression ol the securities
ia tbe market. Attempts to get Information
from tbe Bank Note Printing Company and
State Agent Elmpton are irultless. The
former, perbaps Justly, urge that any state?
ments they might make might be regarded as
a breach of faith with their employers.
Klmpton vows with vehemence that he knows
nothing of the over-Issue except from public
rumors. He does not believe In lt, of course.
He has not been removed, he says, and he
does not Intendl to resign-not at any rate
until the S'ate settles with him for what it
owes bim. General Dennis, the furniture ope?
rator, ls still here, but looks belligerent at
interviewing reporters. NTM.
THE TUFT-HUNTERS GRATIFIED.
NEW YORK, November 19.
The Russian frigate Svetland, with the Grand
Duke Alexis on board, arrived to-day.
A special detective of the United States Sub
Treasury bas been dispatched to Europe to
secure the arrest ol' Andrew J. Garvey.
Three deaths from cholera are reported at
quarantine. Forty more cases remain, all of
which are doing well.
-Not the least of the calamities connected
with Chicago is the announcement that there
are now in preBs no less than seven; different
histories ol the fire.
TILE REAL K?-KL?X
A BLACK MAN'S PLEA FOR HIS RACE
AGAINST THE RING.
A Colored Preacher and Radical Editor
on the Financial Doings of the State
Officials-No Negro has any Share In
the Bond Frauds-The Plain Duty of
Honest Hen of all Races and Parties
jyt o Unite for Reform.
[From the Missionary Record-Colored Organ.]
The Important develop men ia la the affairs ol
this State within the last few months prove
conclusively that there Is something wrong.
The undeniable tacts that the Legislature has
made appropriations to meet the current ex?
penditures, and that the taxes have been
promptly paid by the people, and that yet
there Is a want of funds to meet the legitimate
expenses of the State, shows a record which
is not enviable. No man of honesty can afford
to shut his eyes to the glaring misapplication ot
the funds o'f this State, as shown in the Ina?
bility to meet the current expenses. No State
can hope to succeed and retain credit while
its finances are so manipulated as to fall to
pay its employees; In every department there
ls complaint that there ls no money in the
treasuries, either In etate or county; In every
one the employees complain that their sala?
ries are not paid; the jails are crowded with
criminals, while the sheriffs are complaining
that they cannot meet the current expenses,
because ot the want ot money in the counties
to nay them. Yet the people have responded
well to the taxes demanded, and have paid
up. The State treasurer does not give the
county treasurers any chance to speculate on
State moneys collected, but demands and re?
ceives it, io that In this department the
moneys are not squandered. In Charleston
the auditor bas certified to the collection of
two hundred thousand dollars paid over to the
State this year. Other counties have done
proportionately well, and yet there ls no money
to pay the State debts. It may be answer?
ed that the Interest falling due on bonds issued
has consumed this, to which we answer that
the Legislature made appropriations to meet
that Interest, which, if it had been properly
applied, would have met all the obligations of
the Interest.
We should be the last to question the Integ?
rity of the State officials, but frankness and a
H~3se of duty demand that we say the truth.
We by race are identified with the great body
ot voters in this State who have elevated the
present State officials to their present places
of power. We voted and worked for them; we
believed that we were doing a noble work for
good honest government when we hoisted at
the head of our paper the names of the men
who now control the destinies of this State,
and, we regret to say, have so badly managed
its affairs, that we are heartily ashamed of the
work which we helped to do. We know that
the colored men of this State will have to bear
the odium of all the crimes or misdoings of
the whites who manipulate the finances of
this State, and we do not desire that the
Innocent voters who know no more about this
wholesale misgovernment than so many child?
ren, should be held up to the country as will?
ing participants In these evils. The govern
ment of South Carolina ls in the hands of tsAife
men, placed there by colored men's votes, and
they control everything in this State. If there
ls stealing being done, the; do lt; If there is
robbery ot the State of its millions it is not the
negroes who do these things. If there have been
over issues of bonds for any purpose we tell
the country that no negro bas had any hand
In this matter. The Legislature passed laws
authorizing the issuing ot certain amounts of
bonds to meet the liabilities of the State. It
there are over issues, the State officers, who
control this matter, have done the wrong to
the country and the people of this State.
The colored population are as poor tp-day as
ever they were, so far as the State bonds has
anything to do with their augmented wealth.
These facts suggest to the people a "New De?
parture" here. With the credit of the State
gone, with the treasury empty, with the re?
ported frauds In the issue of bonds, with the
reputation of the class of men who now guide
affairs, Is it not the duty of the people to rise
up In their might and cast off the present in?
cubus, and select another class of men to guide
the State? There must be a change, there
must be a uniting of all honest men of every
class and race In this State for the mainte?
nance of honest government These public
servants, proving false to their trusts, must
be put out of power, and honest men put in
their places. There are honest men In both
parties who caa agree to put down this whole?
sale robbery of the people, and lt ls plainly
their duty to unite for the great object.
JOTTINGS ABOUT THE STATE.
-Aiken ls rapidly filling up with Northern
tourists and Invalids.
-Our State exchanges nearly all allude to
the appearance of black frost.
-A tournament, and fancy costume ball will
take place at Anderson on Thursday, 30th Inst.
-Mr. Marshall Sharpe, an estimable citizen
of Abbeville County, died last week, ofter an
Illness of only a lew days.
-The Commencement of Reldvllle Female
College will take place Friday, November 21th.
Address by Rev. W. P. Jacobs, of Clinton, S. C.
-The death ot Mr. Robert Plckens, an old
and respected citizen of Anderson County, ls
announced.
-The Greenville and Columbia Railroad
Company will commence to run their tra?na
over the Blue Ridge Railroad to Walhalla
during the present week.
-A colored laborer named Edward Darkin,
employed by Messrs. Joyner, on the Wilming?
ton, Columbia and Augusta Railroad, lost hts
lite yesterday, by the caving lu of the embank?
ment.
-The Columbia Phoenix, alluding to the
statement from the New York World that a
South Carolina national bank had failed, as
the result of the decline ol the State bonds,
says: "Se far as Columbia l3 concerned, and
as respects all of its banks, we are assured
that the rumor Is unfounded."
-A negro woman, named Tamer Clark, was
shot and instantly killed by Mr. Henry L. Hun
.ter, ol Liberty Hill, Kershaw County, one
'dark night last week, while depredating upon
his premises. She had fled and refused to
stop when hailed. Mr. Hunter at once went
to Camden and delivered himself up to the
sheriff.
-A difficulty occurred on Tuesday last. In
the piazza of the Benson House, at Anderson
Courthouse, between BenJ. Culbertson, white,
and Jesse Williams, colored, which resulted in
the latter receiving a pistol shot in the left
arm. The wound proved to be very slight,
and. on examination, a Jury decided the shoot?
ing to have been Justifiable.
-The Beaufort Republican, speaking of the
newly completedjjrallroad to that place, says:
"Though but a week has elapsed since the
trains on the railroad commenced their regu?
lar trips, the expenses have fell beneath the
receipts In passengers alone. Very little
freight has as yet gone over the road, in con?
sequence of Its being so unreachable by carts."
-The Union Times, alluding to the new
officers lor that county Just appointed by Gov?
ernor Scott, says: "All of them will make
good officers, and do their dulles fearlessly,
faithfully and honestly. We hope the commis?
sioners will go to work at once and get the
county out of the vexatious tangie lt is now in.
It will be our pleasure to aid and cheer them.
In these appointments, the Governor bas evi?
dently succeeded in pleasing the people, and
he cannot be complained of by his party."
THE BLUE RIDGE RAILROAD RING.
The New Board of Directors.
At the meeting of the stockholders of the
Blue Ridge Railroad Company, held on Satur?
day, the following gentlemen were elected di?
rectors
General John A. Wagener, Mayor of Charles?
ton; Henry Gourdin, ol Charleston; William J.
Magrath, president of South Carolina Railroad;
Andrew Slmonds, president First National
Bank, Charleston; George S. Cameron, presi?
dent South Carolina Loan and Trust Company,
Charleston; General M. C. Butler, of Richland;
General M. W. Gary, of Ed-refleld; Colonel J.
8. Cothran. of Abbeville; William B. Gullck,
cashier of National Bank, Columbia; J. J. Pat?
terson, vice-president Greenville and Colum?
bia Railroad; J. B. Palmer, president Central
National Bauk, Columbia; General J. W. Harri?
son, of Anderson; Thomas A. Scott, president
of Pennsylvania Railroad Company; Hardy
Solomons, president Loan and Trust npany,
Columbia; T. J. Steers, Esq., ol Oconee.
LOSS OF A COASTING STEAMER.
NEWBERY, November 18.
The steamer Mary Sanford, on a voyage from
Wilmington, N. C., to Philadelphia, sprung a
leak and was beached at Hatteras, with six
feet of water In her bold. She took fire im?
mediately afterwards and burned to the water's
edge. Tbe vessel ls a total loss. A small part
of "the cargo was saved. No lives were lost.
rinn ai Nc tier 9.
~pW TBE B?L^r^sn???EN?^^?o
Acquaintances of Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Poulnot, and
of Mrs. J. Lyons, are respectfully invited to at?
tend the Funeral Services of J. AUGUSTUS, eldest
eon of the former, at St. Joseph's Church, at 3
o'clock, THIS A rr ER NOON. n?v2t,*
pW THE RELATIVES, FRIENDS AND
acquaintances of Mr. JOHN W. COLLINS, and of
his brother, George A. Collins, also the members
of Spring Street Methodist Episcopal Church, are
Invited to attend the Funeral Services of the for?
mer, at Spring street Methodist Church, Tars
MORNING, at ll o'clock. novao
?biinarrj.
TOWNSEND.-Died, at his residence in Aiken,
on Friday, loth November, WK. HUTSON TO WN
SEND, In the thirty-second year of bis age.
Special Notices.
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE
MAIN GUARDHOUSE, CHARLESTON, S. C., No?
vember 20th, 1871.-The following named parties
are hereby notified to report at this Gnardhouse,
at ll o'clock, A. M., TBIS DAT, for duty, as below
indicated
JOHNO. MINOTT. Chief ol Police.
ORDEaLT KAIN GUARDHOUSE.
George F. Hammel.
ORDERLY UPPER GUARDHOUSE.
J. H. Stratton.
SBROIANT8 KAIN GUARDHOUSE.
H. D. Boroett, Charlea F. Mackey.
SERGEANTS CT PRU GUARDHOUSE.
John 0. big wald, Preston W. Elsey.
CORPORALS KAIN GUARDHOUSE.
Herman Tlmmermann, Washington Brown.
CORPORALS UTPIB GUARDHOUSE.
Martin HeissenbutteL F. Drayton.
DOORKEEPERS KAIN GUARDHOUSE.
Patrick Donovan, Thomaa Dalley,
John Turner.
DOORKEEPERS UPPER GUARDHOUSE.
C. M. Strong. N. Dublin.
HOSTLERS KAIN GUARDHOUSE.
Walsh, Michael McGlencby.
STEEPLEHBN LOWER WARDS.
Sexton, Whipple.
Daniel O'Hara.
8T8IPLIKBN UPPER WARDS.
Peter Conlon, J. B. Kelly,
Thomaa Troy.
FATIGUEMOS LOWER WARDS.
Felix Drayton, Henry Jenkins.
FATIOUBKAN UPPER WARDS.
Jack Gerldeau.
OFPICI CHIEF OF POLICE,
MAIN GUARDHOUSE,
CHARLESTON, S. C., November 20,1871.
The following named parties are hereby noticed
to report at this Guardhouse for Inspection, at ll
o'clock A. M., THIS DAT, the same being appli?
cants for position on Police force:
JOHN 0. MINOTT, Chief of Police.
Patrick Olearey, John Graham,
Daniel M-Vamara, S. G. Kirk,
H. H. Mingela, O. W. Merits,
John Bins, Thomas Nestor,
winiam Peterson, Patrick Doyle,
G. W. Green, Henry Doscher,
0. Witte, Charles Singleton,
C. Brauer, Oliver H. williams,
Francis Beroud. fi ?ira Moin>iro.
J. A. F. Pohlemas, William Bennet',
John Bonueau, Joseph H?bet,
Richard Nettles, W. H. Miller,
William Bradley, Cornelius Seaman,
Arthur G. McClure, William Parker,
F. Becker. F. W. Siedenberg,
William Schneider, G. F. Ahrens,
Redman Berry, J. 0. Orgen,
Phillp Riley, Patrick Kennedy.
C. H. Whiting, Morita Wendelstein,
W. M. Matthews, Daniel Connor,
George W. Edee, Benjamin Nettles,
P. C. Given, John H. Fred tte,
w. j. Pope, Thomas Lynch,
John Mitchell, Benjamin Rivers,
W. J. Cannon, Joseph Ulttloger,
winiam Cleapor, C. Brown,
Fred. Costee, John Hogan,
J. 0. Jarckes, William C. Smith,
John Cross, Phillp Green,
Aaron Robinson, Wm. Packer,
Joseph Robinson, Edmnnd Meyers,
James Brown. Lorenzo Bond,
Thomas Singleton, George Wilson,
Scott Robinson, Wm. F. Roberson,
John Chesnut, George L. Wright,
Pat Riley, Robert Evans,
Jeff williams, Richa-d Jenkins,
william Eady, Israel .'.quire,
Lewis Ancrum, Isaac B. Rivers,
James Thomas, John Mitchell,
John H. Offer, David Wigg,
Jim Lawrence, -Brayboy.
Rtchard L. Russell, Tobias Dawson,
M. Randal, -Hassett.
nov20-l_
p9~ THE CHARLESTON CHARITA?
BLE ASSOCIATION, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
FREE SCHOOL FUND.-OFFICAL BAFFLEB
NUMBERS.
CLASS No. 208-MORNING.
9-27-50-72-21-23-64-58-2-12-6-55 j
AS witnesa our hand at Columbia this 18th day of
November, 1871. FENN PECK,
JAMES GILLI LAND,
oct3_Sworn Commissioners.
PW UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT.-By an order of the Honorable GEO. S
BRYAN, United States District Judge, the Session
of the District Court and the hearing or all peti?
tions and motions In Bankruptcy, or In the gen- j
eral business of the District dort is further post?
poned until the 20th of November Inst.
nov-i_BAWL. HORLBECK. Clerk.
_0SB*OFFICE OF COUNTY TREASURER,
FIRE-PROOF BUILDING, CHARLESTON, S. C.,
NOVEMBER 6TH, 1871.-The Books of the Treasu?
rer of Chariest jn County will be opened on the
20th day of November, 1871, for the receipt of
TAXES due the State and County for the year
1871.
The penalty of twenty per cent, provided by
aw will be added to all Taxes remaining unpaid
on the ISth day of January, 1872.
The rate of taxation for the year. 1871 ls as fol?
lows, viz:
St3teTax per centum.7 mills.
County Tax per centum.3 milla.
Poll Tax per capita.$ l 00
WM. GURNEY,
novs-lm? Treasurer Charleston County.
^OFFICE OF THE SAVANNAH AV"
CH AR LEATON RAILROAD, CHARLESTON, S. C.,
NOVEMBER 17, 1871.-Excursion Tickets will be
sold over this Road for five days, commencing
SUNDAY, November 19, to Savannah and ieturn
for one Fare, to enable visitors to attend the Fair
of the Industrial Association.
Tickets good till MONOAT, November 27, 1971.
C. S. GADSDEN,
Engineer and Superintendent.
S. C. BOYLSTON, G. F. and T. Agent.
novI8-S_
^CITY HALL, OFFICE CLERK OF|
COUNCIL, CHARLESTOS, S. C., NOVEMBER j
15TH, 1871.-Sealed Proposals, directed to the
Committee on Contracts, for doing the SCAVEN?
GERS' WORK of the City, according to the Ordi?
nance of January 19th, 1658, will be received at
this offl.e up to 12 o'clock M., on the 2lst Instant.
Contractors are required to name their sureties j
in proposals. W. W. SIMONS,
novl6-6 Clerk of Council.
pm- OFFICE CITY TREASURER, NO
VEMBER 3D, 1871.-3y Resolution of Council
the City Treasurer is authorized to receive the
balance Of CORPORATION TAX for 1871 until the
30th instant, without additional expense.
S. THOMAS,
nov3-3,novl4,16116117,18,20 City Treasurer.
Special JSotittt.
?ar* CONSIGNEES PEE STEAMSHIP
GEORGIA, from New York, sro hereby notified
that she will discharge cargo THIS DAT, 19th In?
stant, at Pier No. z, Union Wharves. Goods on
called for at sansei will remain on the wharf
at owners' risk and expense.
nov20-l_WM. A, COURTENAY, Agent
par- CONSIGNEES PEE MERCHANTS'
Line Schooner MATILDA BROOKS, from New
York, are notified she ls THIS DAT discharging
cargo at Adger's North Wharf. All goods not
called for before sunset will be stored at their
risk and expense. Claims positively not admit
ted after goods leave wharf.
WM. ROACH A- 00.,
nov20i Agents.
^VBATOHELOB'S HALE DTE.-THIS
SUPERB HAIR DYE is the bett in the world-per?
fectly harmless, reliable and Instantaneous. No
disappointment. No ridiculous tints or unpleas?
ant odor. The genuine W. A. BATOHE LOB'S HAIR
DYE produces IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black
or Natural Brown. Does not stain the skin, ont
leaves the hair clean, soft and beautiful. Tbs
only Safe and Perfect Dye. Sold .by all Drag
gists. Factory No. ie Bond street, New York.
jan23-mv-Myr_
par- THE LaST CHANCE TO GET
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS. The
sale of Tickets m the Louisville Gift Lottery will
positively close on the 1st instant
The Drawing will take place on the 16th Decem?
ber without falL Send yonr orders for Tickets
to EDWARD PERRY,
No. 149 Meeting street I
novl7-fmw4 Opposite Charleston Hotel.
par- 0 N MARRIAGE.-^
Happy relief for Young Men from the effects
of Errora and Abuses In early Ufe. Manhood re?
stored. Nervous debility cared, impediments
to Marriage removed. New method of treat
meat. New and remarkable remedies. Booka
and Circulars seat free, In sealed envelopes. Ad?
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. S Sooth
Ninth street Philadelphia, Pa. octia
Cegal Notices.
?ST* THE STATE OF SOUTH CARO?
LINA, COUNTY OF CHARLESTON-COURT OP
COMMON PLEAS.-GEORGE L. HOLMES tad
ALEXANDER MACBETH, Agents, Copartners in
trade, ander the name and style of HOLMES ie
MACBETH, Plaintiffs, against LOUIS McLAIN,
Defendant Copy summons for money demand.
Complaint not served.
To LOUIS MCLAIN, Defendant m this action:
Yon are hereby summoned and required to an?
swer the complaint in this action, which ls filed
in the office of the Clerk of the court of common
Pleas, for the said county, and to serve a copy of
yonr answer an the subscribers, at taeir office,
No. 14 Broad street Charleston, Sooth Carolina,
within twenty days arter the service or this som?
mons on yon, exclusive of the day of service.
If yoa fall to ans wer this complaint within the
time aforesaid, the plaintiff will take Judgment
against yon for the som of two hundred and fl rey
dollars, with interest at the rate of seven
per cent per annum, from the tenth day or
October, one thousand eight hundred and seven?
ty-one, and costs.
Dated Charleston, Sooth Carolina, October
loth, 1STL
[LS WHALEY k MTNOTT,
Plain tins' Attorneys.
A. n. RICHMOND,aap.
To LOUIS MoLAfN: Take notice, that the
summons in this action, of which the forego lng
ls a copy, was flied In the office of the Clerk of
the Court of Common Pleas, for Charleston
County, on the twelfth day of October, 1871.
WHALEY k MINOTT, Plaintiffs' Attorneys.
octl6-m6
JJNTON INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Capital, Gold.1750,ooo CO.
Assets, January 1,1871. 1,115,678 07
BOABD OF &BF1BENCI.
H. B. CLAFLIN, of H. B. Claflln k Co.
OBORQB OPDYKB, of George Oydyke k Co.
DAVID Bows, or David Bows k Co.
EUOKNB KILLY, of Eogene Kelly k Co.
J. O. KITTI, B, or Dewitt Kittie k Co.
Wu. T. COLBHAN, late of Wm. T. Coleman k Oo.
JOHN WINSLOW, or Van Cotr, Winslow k Van
Oott
Policies granted In CURRENCY OR GOLD.
Chicago losses less than $300,000, which are
now being adjusted and paid.
Assessment made on Stockholders to pay said
losses, leaving present assets undisturbed.
The undersigned, Agents of the above Compa?
ny, continue to ISSUE POLICIES OF INSUR?
ANCE AGAINST FIRE as hitherto at the usual
rates. WM. B. HERIOT k CO.,
No. 9 Brord stree r,
novi8-smw3 Over People's Bank.
Agencies.
C
MARLESTON
ADVERTISING AGENCY,
C0BNS3 BROAD STBIBT AND EAST BAT.
ADVERTISEMENTS taken at publishers' lowest
cash rates for ALL PAPERS in the United States.
WALKER, KVANS k COGSWELL.
decfi-mwf
?nsincss Car?s.
W
IT T E B BOTHERS,
FACTORS
AND
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
NO. 6 ACCOMMODATION WHARP,
CHARLESTON, S. 0.
will make liberal advances on consignments to
them or to their friends In New York and Liver?
pool Will also pay strict attention to the Ohing
of all orders for Plantation and Family Supplies.
GEO. W. WITTE.ARMIN F. WITTS.
sepl-fmw3mos
LITE AND LEARN, DYE AND
FORGET ALL.
THE SOUTHERN DTE HOUSE,
NO. 359 KING STREET,
Dyes and Cleans, by means or steam, Gentle?
men's, Ladles' and Children's Clothes. Fina
Laces and Lace Curtains cleaned and dons
up with the Soft or Manufacturers' Finish; Lace
ait1 crape Shawls and Kid Gloves Cleaned and
Dyed.
tr Goods received and returned by Express.
jnn23-iyr L BILLER, Proprietor.
rjlflE GREAT GERMAN EEltfF.nrEgT"
Professor LOUIS WUND RAM'S BLOOD PUR!?
FY1NO AND PURGATIVE HERBS, (in Pills or
Powders,) for the cure of all Acute or Chroma
Diseases, resulting from Impure blood and Imper?
feet digestion.
Also, the follow, n g Medicines by the same (Pro?
fessor Loma Worn'ram, Brunswick, Germany
GOUT POWDERS.
Rheumatic Tv cc ure.
Epileptic Remedy.
Toothache Drop?.
Herb "p?. (for Dyspepsia and Servo nanees.)
Rheumatic Herb Tea.
Goat Tincture.
Eye Water.
Wundwasser (the German "Painkiller.'';
For sale by Dr. H.3 AIR,
No. 181 Meeting street.