The Dally Intelligencer, i M M The Weekly Intelligencer
<?bclMur?<l ,Spt
TBJUW 0? THl DULY: /Y''V'W/V T T /A -^SSKSBpSlL-'. f
djr B?U, jja yMT.jD hHum, |1 60 TKMU Of TBI WUKLI i
M threo months, S 00 Single Copy, for ono jour, In advance,....$ 1 60
lit-llvurod by Carrier*, per wouk 16 J\ _ tlx monthi 100
Clubs of Ten 13 00
of Fifteen 18 00
^aSSS^^'^S VOL. XX WHEELING, W YA THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 30 1871. NO. 85
Three montha. In advance. I 00 Poatmaatan aru ruanoatud to ait aa Afftinta.
I I III
For Rent.
FOU KENT.?INTEN DINll TO**
enlarge our bualueaa, (Wholesale and B)J
IC>'titiI Hooka, Stationery uml Wall I'eper,)**
wo offer oar present locution lor rent. No. 90
Market direct, Crsiigle's Block, the room being
too small forour purpose. Kti<iulre of
U0V? 1'AI'I.L 4 OKU.
F?"u,iNTI f?
The Ktore llooma son Occupied by U|.*?
A. L. KltAFT Jfc DUO.,
novi7 118 Main Street.
JJIOK KENT? m
u.wji aruuk room on main 8t..bill
Occupied at present by C. Lldel, hair drcaaer nod
wit; maker. For further particulara Inquire of
A. BC1IWKKTFKUKU,
nov!7 _ 110 Majn a treat.
FOU KENT.?TIIE SPACIOUS
let and 3d utory Wareroomn and
cellar beueath, on thu Kant aide of Market**ctreet,
and adjoining the Grocery atoro of It. J.
Siuytli, occupied at present by tbe Mcasm. HubliariU
n* Furniture warerooms. Tlioy have a
depth ol 110 feet and a front of 83 feet; the lower
fn.1.1 I.r u>k!?h i* tl 11... I will, I.lut.i Iil.iu
Tlu' location U No. 1, aud recommend* tUelf to
any business requiring the space It offer*. 1'osmmIou
the 1st of April.
novlfl WM. PAXTON, 4th street.
IIIOH RENT.-TIIE TIHtEE**
L> story H tore House and Dwelling. on Kj
Matn street, directly opposite the Grant**
House, and at present occupied by Win*juried A
Hon, Watchmakers and Jewelcra. To a good
tenant, if desired, tho promlaes will bo materially
altered and Improved. Ila proximity to the
(Irani House and suspension bridge make It a
commanding business stand, Possession April
1st. Apply to.
novlfl WW. PAXTON, 4th street.
For Sale.
VALUABLE OHIO FAllM FOB
HALK.? '200 acres in Washington county,
11 miles from Marietta and 4 miles Irotn tliu M.
X I*. It. H.; all under fcucu; 1U) acres lu cultivation:
Is well adapted for stock raising; good
buildings, orchard, Ac.,and the laud Is very proline
live The improvements sregood, the buildings
new and in good condition. The faun Is
underlaid with a I foot vein of good coal For
saloh/ B. L. CUTHUKItT,
iiovxH Monroe Htreet.
Dwelling house fou**
HALK.?I offer for sale Hip house In Hj|
which I now reside, situated on John
street, next house to alley between Fifth and
Histh streets, Fourth ward. House contains six
rooms, larg epantry and cellar, bake oveu, water
convenient. The house is in good order.
noW WILLIAM J. NKHlHTT.
I^LIZA JANE ZANK, HAMUEL
HprlggZane. Cordelia C'arr and Milton T. t
t'arr, Noah Zane, Hophia Huston and Aleiinder
Kiistou, and l'latoff Zane.
n.
Daniel 0. Lltt, Trustee t
In Chancery, Circuit Court for Olilo county,
West Va. 11
In purnuanco of a decree of said Court made
In Unit cause on tho 211th day of December, 1H70, H
1 will oiler for sale, on li
Kill DAY, the 15th day of December, 1871, v
at tliu front door of tho Court House tor Ohio
county, West Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
m tin* following real citato, Ivlrig in the city of 1'
Wheeling, on the west side or Main street, vl/.: r
The two valuable stores now occupied by 1). c
A. Adier A Co. and by Deter K. /Inn and others,
lying between the bonnes occupied by Harbour v
tC Dittman and H. Kline. Alftotho property on L'
mtmeBldu of MhIii street now Occupied by the n
shoe Htore of Hlc.hnrd Dorter, adjoiulng house
owned hy J. II. Mheppard.
Tkiimh op Hai.k -Oiie-tlfth of purchase to be
paid in cash mill tho balance In one, two, three
and four years from day of sale, with Interest,
notes with good security to be given for the deterred
payments, and deeds of trust, nt the expence
of tho purchaser, as further pucurlty on
tin- property sold.
novlft DANIEL C. LIST, Trustee.
CTXK0UTOR&1 HA.LEOFUBAL
Ili K8TATK
lu pursuanco of the will of Martha Knox, de'eased,
the undersigned will, oil
FRIDAY, the lotli day of Hoc*) 1871,
at tho front door of the Court House for Ohio n
county, West Va., commcncing at 10 o'clock a. 'I
m sell the following valuahlo property, lying on c
tliu west Hide of Main street In the city of Wheel
mix, wring nil mi. iwo y*t mill |inriiii iiiv nu, mm
t1>, being tho lamu now occupied by Harbour A
Dlttman, by Ucorgu W. Rrkhart anil M. 0. llanc,
ami by the dwelling house formerly occupied by (1
Mrs. Martha Knox In her lifetime. y
Turns or Bai.R-Onc-fourth of tho purcbaio
munoy to bo paid in cash, or much moro at the
purchasers may choose to pay; tbo remainder In 11
four annual payments, with Interest from date H
payable semi-annually. Negotiable notes to be t<
Klven for tho deferred Instalments, to be secured v
l>y deeds of trust and satisfactory Insurance on
property, at the ezponio of the purchasor.
JAMES P. ROGERS,
D. C. LIST,
uoyM Executors of Martha Knox, dee'd. c
(7IDH 8ALE L0W AN1> OK EASY c
IJ TBRMS?A first class Tannery, two story
Prick ilntldlnfc, W) feet by Ot, with all the mou-
ern Improvements and In good running order. r
The low prlco and location would make It
a??llabls for sny other manufacturing purpose.
Also a good Brisk Dwelling House with 10 I
rooms and full lot, on Hampden street.
W. V. HOUR A imo., H
novl Market street^
MWELLING IIOUBE
FOR SAL.K.
I olTur for sale the houe In which I nowre-flfijfck
tide, situate on John street, a few doom {J!
east of Fifth. The house la a substantial Ml|'
twostory brick containing el^ht rooms, besides
a hath room and kitchen, and a Mulshed
utile, with a Rood cellar, hot and cold water In
hittli moms Tho honso Is In good order and
well located and in every way a desirable property,
being hut a little over a pqnaro from the
I'lmtOfflco. There is alsoou the premises a Rood
II RICK HTABLE,
sufficient for four horses, ami a carriage house.
Any one wishing to purchase can examine tho
premisca at any time.
feplSS .ISO. P. McDKItMOT.
It BLAND LOTS VOti BALK.
Having sold all the lots offered at$JM10each,
except two, I now otter ten lots fronting on the
mm side of Rim and Chestnut streets and extending
to tho river. I'rlco from fl&OO to $1,000
each, according to slr.o and location. Terms,
one-fourth cash, raridne in equal Inatalltnents at
one, two and three years.
J NO. P. OII/OnHtBT,
?urfl At Top Mill.
WANT Hllt'Pl.lRh 1
./V
To Pimply ii want felt for A real gennlne Rood
rtlrlc (if Hoap lit? reaaonable prlco, tho tinder- 1
"fni'il In now mantifactnrlng auch iin article, aa
"II teatlfy who have Been and used
Tho Favorite Soap, t
Manufactured t?y B. RBID, Wheeling, W. Va. 1
I claim that It cannot bo excelled, lat, In port-
'yand finality; td, In economy. becanM it la
Arm ami hard ftia toon aa made and will not shrink
^lun i>x|H>rtcd to tho atmoaphere, like moat
'"apado. It will therefore waah half aa mnrh t
moreaa th.- aoai* uow In market at the aame
prim; .td For perfection In waahln*. Yon mnat
w?"ii with a pnre, clean aoap, or yon cannot have
r|,,*n, white clothe#. V* Im FarorUt Nofi/>and
win have no more tronblo Retting yottr
r?nhei white and fanltleaa, and gnarantee t|jat
will not Injure the iktn or the moat dellcatc
wnrtca. 4th I claim for It an advance overall I
"thera In thai It will hear leaving In water for 8
"r 1" hotira without Injuring It. Other aoapa are
r' ndered naeleaa by forgetting them In the tun
"r 'win after nalnR. IMcaao enonlre ol your
Kr,?cer fur tho Favorite Hoap, tnrt yon will ho
cotiv I need that it la the beat.
''At riojt. Rach bar la ittmped "Jflncra' and
Y'rhitnlri' Farorit* Soap, man'ifartiirnl hy a.
K'l't Whttlint). IV,
Mannfactnred and Sold at whnleaale by
EDWARD RKID,
Boap and Candle Mannfacturer,
oittt Wheeling. W. va.
tfOX'S CINCINNATI tfPARCI!.?ftO
I Boxtft jnat rccelred and for aale by
n*l7 M RB1LLT.
fflktSMfytrnt
An Important Ruilwuy C'onlruct?
The Went Virginia Central to be
Huilt.
We have by a telegram from Cattlettaburg,
Ky., this morning, the important
announcement thut a contract wan closed
yesterday at Ceredo, between tbe Commissioners
ol the West Virginia Central
Itailway and tbe Kentucky Great Eastern
Hailroad Company, whereby tbe lor.
hut transferred to tbe latter all tbe franchises
of tbe West Virginia Central.
Tbe dispatch atlords no information ie*
apccting the terms ot the con tract. We
have before us, however, and append below,
the letter recently addressed by the
President of the K. A O. Company to
ilio Commissioners,setting forth the terms
>n which the company would tako tho
barter. The Commissioners held a
ncetiug and agreed to acccpt tho proposiion,
and endorsed their namea on the pa>er.
We have uo doubt therefore that
lie contract signed] at Coreilo yesterday
vas exactly on tho baats of the terms laid
lown in this letter.
Kbntuckt AGriat KisTfiiN H. H. Co., I
Cincinnati, October 80j 1371. i
fIon. Z. 1). JiunmUU, Commissioner West
Va. 11 It.:
8ir Your favor relating to the charter
if the West Virginia Central railroad is at
land.
In behalf ol tho Kentucky Great i
Sastern Railway Company I submit to
he Commissioners of the State of West
firgiuia, into whoso hands tho charter of
he West Virginia Central railway is
ilaced, the following propositions: I
1st. This proposition shall bo accepted
>y the said commissioners within thirty
lays from and after the dato of this letter.
^d. The Kentucky and Great Eastern
tailway Company will commence tho
urveys upon the said West Virginia f
Central railroad within six months Jrom
nd after tho acceptance ot this proposi-
ion.
3d. Haiti Kentucky and Great Eastern j
{ailway Company will commence tho j
fork upon said road within one year
liereafter. I
4th. And will complete one-fourth of j
lie entire distance ot said road within
wo years Irom and alter the commeuce-
lent thereof.
oth. Alul complete tlio whole lino or
niil road within a |>criod of six years rom
and nllcr the commencement of the
?irk thereon.
Otli. U|?in the acceptance of thin pro-
osltlon, the sitiil Keutucky ami tlrent J
lastcrn Hallway Company will ehtcrlnto
ontract with the said commissioners
,1lhin thirty clays from and alter tliu ac-
eptanco of this proposal, for the fulllll-
lent ol' all the conditions therein act out. t
Kespectlully yours,
H. W. Mobton,
I'res't of tlio Kentucky II. JS. It. Co.
I Endorsed I I). 1). T. Faiinswohth.
J. (J. McQiibw. I
W?l. Jl. ClIANK. I
and D. Hamsiirm..
Vommiuionen.
L Candidate for President lit Washington
Hall this Evening.
Tlio people of Wheeling are invited to
iston tills evening to a lecture by Mrs.
'ictoiita C. Woodhum,, of New York,
woman who In various ways lias ac-
ulred a degree of notoriety not at preslit
enjoyed by any other person In the j
Tnitml Ulaloa Wliftllinr tltlu milnrtnlv ia'
J Itogcther
of a kind to he desired by a
idy we cannot protest to gay, for that I
ependa on tho standpoint from which 1
ou look at it.
II Mrs. WoomiuMt confined herself to
lie question of suffrage and left her per-
Icloua theories nl the marriage relation 1
i) those who practice what the preaches, j
ve think she would do more lor tho elevaIon
of her sex than she does, and achieve i
better faino forherscll; but as it is, the
;ood she might do on the one haud la j
ountcracted by the harm slio does on the
t her; and wo havo no doubt the cause
I suffrage for woman has Buffered by
ilr?. WooDltut.l.'s advocacy of it, simply
localise she has made the association ol
I with her own name odious to the moral
ense ol tho country by her advocacy of i
vliat Is popularly termed Iroo lovo.
Wo believe her lecture to-night is to i
reat of the suflrage question, though 1
vhether It will bo conflned to that wo aro
lot advised. Hut whatever may bo tho
uliject ol the lecture, there can bo no
loubt that n9 a literary anil intellectual
mtertainment it will bo first-class. Mrs.
iVoonm/LL in a brill innt and intrepid
voman, whom it Is well worth the prico
)f tho lecture to see and hear, leaving out
>1 tho question tjo merit o! her argunont.
Tiir attention ol tho lltgirter is respect*
ully directed to two things in our telographic
columns this morning. Ono is a
etter from a Democratic Iowa editor, who
Icclnres that tho Democratic party is dead
ind that the carcass must bo buried. Tho
)ther is a letter Irom John (Juinct
\dams, of Mnssachuititts, advising tho
Democracy to abandon their organization
is a party and support some opposition
ifrpttblican for next President. That Is
o say, one plan is to bury the corpse at
incc, and the other Is to keep it as long as
he weatuer permits. u u wuuiu im?
rcry much to know which plan onr neigh?ir
favors.
Amono the shipments from Cincinnati
o Charleston, Tneiday, tiy river, we note
?as a roniplctcmitlit for a brewery and a
row to run It. Charleston la hound to
teep the Convention, Blic Is laying deep
irnps Inr tho Ohio county delegation. Hho
lias already on hand a large stock of
'mountain dew."
Striiiirnvim.r PAi'KRa rc|*irt a sharp
Increase cif small pol In that city, Tuesday
afternoon thero were eighteen pronounced
cases. The City Council is lieginning
to get scared, and lieMirrlng
themselves About means of prevention.
Tiik Washington (Pa.) Ailmnee hjs
been changed Irom weekly to monthly.
The Latest Bulletin About the
O'Lcary Cow.
From the Chicago Tribune.
The investigation now in progress, with
a view to ascertain the origin ot the
Chicago lire, and the responsibility for its
extensive spread, will, we hope, result
in something tangible. Nevertheless, it
must bo admitted that very little satisfactory
information has been obtained. The
Commissioners have, however, brought
out these loots, viz., that Mrs. O'Lcary
went to bed ut half-past eight o'clock ou
theufghtof the lire, on account of her
"sore fut;' that Pat McLaughlin, the fiddler,
resides in the frout part of the
O'Lcary mansion; that Mrs. Sullivan, who
lives opposite the O'Learys, did uot save its
much from the lire as she could twist 1
around her linger; that Mrs.O'Lenry heard 1
Airs. White say that McLaughlin had a
party, and the party wanted oysters, and I
the oysters wanted milk to be "Hhtewcd" I
in, and that thevwent out and milked her
(O'Lc ary'v) cow, a rid that, finally, considerable
knownothingisni can bu dovelopcd
among the Irish, since none
of tuo people in that vicinity have any
idea ol how Ion# it was, or how fur
the lire hud got before the engines ar-
rived. The McLaughlins acknowledge
that they were having a social en-
tertainiuent in honor ot a "greenhorn"
relative who had just arrived from Ire-
land. (The particulars of this entertain*
ment were lost by the destruction of the
Timti newspaper.) Hut they deny having
indulged in milk puuch or oyster
"sklews," or haviug milked the
Leary cow alter Airs. 0%eary had gone
to bed. All tlio witnesses seem agreed
that there was a pile of shavings in the
barn, und that the tire was lirat observed
im thu side ol the barn where the shavIngs
were stored.
More "CJrub" for the Jingle Horn ,J
of Liberty.
Kroin this week's llugle. r,
Our much res|)ected lady friends, Mrs. p
M. C. Kyne ami Airs. E. G. Ilaysli'tt, have
sach placed in under obligations this
week, in the way ol kind remembrances. t|
Mrs. IC. bus sent us a "gobbler," that in
lize, llcsli and fat is enouuli to spoil a
[>onr printer's palate; and Mrs. II. n bus- t|
4et ??f savory sausage, tliat, if uncoiled,.'
wouui nave measured twenty ii-ci in j,
ength, beside the lug cabbage spoken of
n our last issue. H(
Wo return tliankn to our neighbor Mrs.
Horner, on John street, mill also to the
Misses Farnsworth, for their remembrance Hj
n the luscious supply of sausage, pudding
ind chine, sent us lust week.
homktiiino WoilTir HKMRMnKHtNO.? [j(|
rhe London hi licet, excellent authority,
{Ives the following recipe for llio cure of ftl
jone felon: Ah soon as the disease is lelt,
nil dircctiv over the bpot a lly blister
ibout the size of your thumb null, and let t'(
t remain lor six hour*, at the expiration
>f which time, directly under the surface f(
>1 the blister, may be seen tlus lelon, n
which can be instantly taken out with
he |M>int of a needle or a lancet. JJ,
Tiikhe is talk up at Washington, Pa., jj
)f extending the Charticrs Valley rail
oad to Waynesburg. The Advance says t<
he road is now yielding a net profit on its JJ
business of $100 per day. r(
t
CHICAGO. P
oiisrhvanck op tiiakwiivino.
Chicago. Nov. 21).?TJianksglvIng will j'
1)0 generally observed in thin city to
morrow. All the daily papers will bus* I'
[Hind, and the banks, I'ostofllce, Custom
I louse, Boards of Trade, etc., will bo
dosed, and business gouorally will rest
ror the day.
shall rox.
The small pox prevails to some extent
in this city, and much dissatisfaction is
tivlnced by the Board of Health on account
ol the neglect of many physicians
and others to renort the eases to that
Iwdy. Tho Board threatens to critniually ft
prosecute any |>erson guilty of this neg- n
lect herealter. (j
Human hones were found this morning i.
in tho debris at No. 08 North Clark slrcet.
Belore tho Are a family named Dressier t
lived there, consisting of Mr. and Mrs.
Dressier and her brother, all ol whom
have been missing. Tho remains found 0
lire supposed to ho thoso of Mr. Dressier,
is Uiey were discovered near the spot
where his safe stood, and where he was tl
last Been. _ c
TENNESSEE.
Nabiivilltc, Nov. 21).?Hon. T. A. r.
Nelson, of East Tennessee, litis resigned
his scat on thu supreme bench, and J. T.
Shields, >i distinguished lawyer of the
same section ol the State, appointed his
successor.
The bill to repeal tho Inw allowing
conventional rato of interest as high ns
10 per cent was killed, in both Houses of
the Legislature to day by a decided majority.
M. Htroliraier, one of tho parties principally
concerned in tho Meaty scouti
fraud, by which the Government was
swindled out of $00,000, lolt here this
evening in charge of U. 8. Marshal Spcnce
for Washington, where ho will bo tried
with (Jen. W. H. Stokes and others. Tho
ollicers wlio wero Bent to Fentress county
to capture Captain Meaty and his sons,
have returned and report that tiley have
fled the country.
The Tragedy nt. Havana.
Np.w ofifjrahb, Nov. 20.?Tito Timen
Bays that unparalleled infamy and brutal!#tt
am lliiitL-firila wliirli Um u'luiln rlvlllvnit
world will bestow upon the deed of unexampled
savageness and Mood thlrstiness
of the authorities of the inland of Culm in
the execution of tight young medical ntu-
elents, charged with desecrating the grave
of a Spanish officer. It says the government
of Cuba has placed itself beyond the
pale of the law of nations,and it to especial* j
Ijr incumbent on this republic to take into
wrious consideration the question whether
such a government slmii be permitted
to hold sway over an Mind almost within
sight of our shores, and to insult by such
flagrant arts the Christianity and civilization
ol our age. j
The Mace-Co' nrn Ptiie*Fight Near j
New Orleans.
Nkw Orleans, November 20.?The j
IMace-Cobnrn mill occurs tomorrow i
m itbin fifty miles ol New Orleans. Many
tooted pugilists are here. The police re- i
port an influx of a large number ol
roughs and thieves. I
?The steamer Andy Johnson, which
was sunk last week tielow Ouincy, Ills.,
was raised yesterday and will be taken to
Hannibal lor repairs.
?The centre cotton mill of the Ludlow
Manufacturing Company, at Jenksville,
Massachusetts, was burned this
morning. Jxfts $30,000. Partially insured.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PRESS HE POST.
Excluiiivclj to llie lutelllgeurer.
(Uy the WcHturu L'ulou Line.
Ufllro N'orlb-wusl cur. ol Main and Monroe ata.)
WEST VA. CENTRAL RAILWAY.
l'hc Charter Transferred to the Kentucky
t.reut Eiutern Co.
Louidvii.i.K, Nov. 20.?The Kentucky
Ureal I&utern llail way Coin puny closed
i contract atCeredo, W. Va., to day with
.ho Coiumissioaers of West Virginia, by
which they acquire the franchises imd
iropcrty of thu West Virginia Central
Kail way Company.
WASHINGTON.
itkdkk.minu kivktwkntiks.
Wasuinuton, Nov. 2D.?Tho Treasury
department to-day received sixteen milions
of the called '03 bonds from Loudon.
Altogether tlio Department has thus far
eceived tilty-threo millions of the ono
nmdred millions of called bonds, of which
t will only bo requisite to redeem in coin
let ween six and seven millions, which
lave already have been provided for. The
emaiuing portion has all been olfered in
xchaugc for new per cents. It is eonfl
lently believed at the Treasury Departnent
thai negotiations connected with the
yndicato will all bo completed without
uy unusual disturbances in the money
uarket. Tho sydicato operations will not I
ll'ect in any way the Secretary's usual
nonlhly programme for the purchase ol
onds tor the sinking fund.
The Commissioner of Patents to day
xtended a patent to Nowcomb Dema-
i>y, of Kalamazoo, Michigan, for a snow
loinrh.
naval intklmubncb.
It i* supposed at tho Navy Department
iiat lliu Terror having yesterday been or- i
ered to Havana, will arrive thero to day.
The Worcester, now at Boston, will bo 1
lie flagship of the North Atlantic fleet,
Ldmiral Lee having, it is said, Iclt Wash- i
igton to join her. Tiiu Bwatara, now at t
iorfoik, con not immediately join the i
inadron. as her Captain reported tlii. t
turning that sho first required repairs, i
lie govern in nomminally in comtnison,
hut hIio will not bo fitted for sea. t
'lie Worcester takos her place. The
[ansa* and Nlneic will soon join the I
juadron. The Hliawtnut, which recently i
arted for Jlra/.il, will he recalled for fc
unpurnry duty in the squadron. The j
uthorities do not apprehend any dlfllcul- h
es at Havana with the American cltiens,
but say the return of tho squadron I
tho North Atlantic is iu accordance
ritli tho usage to have a forco convenient 'I
>r the protection of our citizens, should
ecessity for it occur. Tho t;on- c
ress, now at Mew York, will, it is t
iipposed,go to the Mediterranean to ro- i
eve the (Jucrriero as flag ship of the
eet. I
The annual report of Supervising Archi- j
jet Mullett gives a full account of the t
fork with which his olllco has been
barged. No action has been taken in I
i.'Iation to the new Custom House and
'ostolllcc at 8t. Louis, the sum appro-
riated hein^ insiifllcient for its erection,
'lie new building is needed, but should j
ot bn commenced unless tin; government t
an aflord to npriul uu amount uccensiiry
o produco the proper result. The c
rogrera of the work on tho New York
'oatolllco in gratifying. Tlie cost thus t
?r is kept within the esthnatefl. There r
no reason to doubt but that tho build-
lg will bo completed within the limit j
xed by law. The progress of the Boston
'ostofllce is also gratifying. It is exiccted
to be ready for occupancy during
lie summer o! 1873. 1
He recommends that the Marine Hospi*
il property at Pittsburgh be sold, and
hat a more eliglblo site be purchased and I
hospital erected on tho pavilion system; j
Isotnat the smaller Murine Hospitals be
isposed of and hospitals bo maintained
y tho Government at the principal porta
f tho country. Iloiays, In relerenco to f
ho Custom House at Chicago: "I believe j
lie necessities or tho Government require
lie purchase of tho remainder of tho block j
n which the Custom House building is t
itmiioil itiul thn itrnntlmi thnrnon. without.
.(.'lay, o! 11 building oi'sulilclent capacity t
a nccommoilato nil branches of tlio Gov- I
rnmcnt service In Hint city. Mr. Mul- 1
L'tt calls attention to the Imporuncc
of scouring tlio whole or n portion t
f the buttery in n nlto liir tlio erection of
new Custom Home and other buildings I
nr the use of the revenue department ol i
<ew York city, and also erecting apprals- i
rB' stores in that city. "I also call special I
ttention to the great importance of pro-
iding similar stores at the porls of lloson,
Chicago, Cincinnati and HI. Louis, nil 1
it which should lie fireproof." The re* 1
>ort cnncludcd with the .quarantine
liiestloti, tlio supervisor expressing the I
iplnlon that, if the quarantine ia to lie I
naintuined it ahonld be under the dlrec- I
Ion ol the general government. The I
'residont has appointed C. W. Habcock
-s Surveyor General ol Kansas: Gen. J. i
V. Ilandevere, of Iowa, and N. llill, if
(t. Louis, United States Commissioners
o examine and report upon the road and
elegraph lines ol the Kansas A Texas
tallroad Company In tlio Indian Terrl- i
ory. I
Vico President Colfax and family, Ben-
itors Morton nnd Merrill, of Maine, with
lieir families, and Senator Sumner arrived i
o-day. There arc now aliout thirty
nemlitranf Congress In Washington.
nr. t.otil*.
St. Ijotiis, Niiv. 20.?The National 1
Hoard of Trade will meet at 8L Louis on
lie (III) of December, instead of Clnclnlati,
as Incorrectly reported l>om Chicago
ast night. Arrangements have been mauo
or the proper reception and entertainnentot
the mfitrtbcfu.
Holier! Ilallen lias been arrested here
diarged with killing Haptiste (landron at
i French Village, in Madison county. Ills.,
in the fltli of Heptemlwr lost.
Last evening a wilt in equity was
irnuglit In the Circuit Court against Hie
Life Association of America by D. It.
Houghcr, charging the Hoard of Managers
ol Hint association with committing
regularities In Issuing policies conspiring
lo appropriate to their own use the profits
it Insurance, Ac. To day the Executive
[Committee of the association, composed
d some of the most prominent citizens of
lliis city, met and adopted resolutions
leclaring the petition tiled by Houghcr as
raise, slanderous and malicious, and requesting
Wyllls Kitlg, Superintendent ot
Hie Insurance Department of this State, to
make an iinmedlato investigation into the
affairs ol the association, and make the
result of his examination public. They
also determined lo publish the petition of
Houghcr, which was tiled In court without
being sworn to or signed.
NEW YOBK C1TV.
New York, November 29.?The first
snow of the season here made ita appearance
last night.
The excitement in reference to the
readiug of the Bible iu school continues
at Iluuler's I'oiut ami Long Island City.
Yesterday some or the scholars who were
previously dismissed returned. Other
dismissals arc taklojr place. The Dolico
are keeping order tUcre.
Two bondsmen were accepted on Connolly's
bull lust night, Philip Smith qualifying
in $100,000, and Hubert Boyd in
$200,000. The refusal of the SherilF to
accept some of the sureties,,leaves a balance
of $250,000 yet to be raised. It is
asserted that Hall, Sweeney and the
others will bo arrested shortly. Many
politicians say thut Mayor Hall will resign
at once. The demand of the Committee
ol Seventy lor his resignation was
not unexpected. II he retires Irom the
Hoard of Aldermen. Mr. Cowan, who has
been a Tammany Democrat, would for
the present take his place. Senator
Genet says he will sue him for irauds iu
connection with the Harlem Court llouse.
The small-pox is spreading, and the
Sanitary Inspector thinks it is likely to
become epidemic. The health department
have not the requisite funds to
adopt the necessary preventive measures.
An examination of the sureties upon
tho Fisk bail in tqo Mansfield suit were
expected to bo made yesterday. One ol
Iheiu, Air. Hlanchard, stated that he was
worth over one hundred thousand dollars,
but his real estate was only a stable.
His other proi>erly was mainly in buspension
bridge stock. The examination
was not concluded.
Senator Morton had his wallet taken
by a pick-pocket at the .limy Cily depot
tu Tuesday evening. Tho thief escaped.
A party ol' young Japanese arrived
uero yesterday from Han Kraucisco.
rhey leavo for England, having been
lent out bv tho government to receive tin
English education.
The suspended savings brinks uro havng
their accounts speedily adjusted,
riiero is a probability that depositors will
lavo some ol their money restored.
Tho tax payers ol tho town of Morisiuna
held a meeting in reference to the
ax bunions tho lust Legislature imposed
ipon thorn. One of tho speakers suid that
he new boulevards there had saddled
ipon the county $i),000,000.
Twenty election fraud cases aro before
ho Brooklyn grand jury.
It is staled that forgeries on tho city
tanks amounting to f 10,000 have been
liscoverod, which woro traced to ono
Jaroni, who has (led to Cuba. The forged
>a|Kjrs arc said to havo been passed conIderably
in Western cities.
Nkw Yoiik, November 21).?Noon.?
llayor Hall is to bo arrested at one
'clock on charges similar to those aguinst
['weed and Connolly.
Judge Bedford has extended tho term i
il tliu irrimil inrv in ririlcr to irivn tlioiu
line to ('.oiuplot'* tho investigation of the
uunicipal frauds.
An order was obtained from Judge
Irady, In the Supreme Court, to-day, enoining
and restraining Tweed from dis*
iosin? of his property; also to show cause i
n Albany why lie should not he abso
utcly enjoined.
Connolly expects to have his bail com)leted
this evening.
Charles II. Wallace, clerk in Tiffany's
eweiry store, was committed Tor trial at
lie.Iell'erson market police court to day
in tho charge of stealing $10,(MX) worth
>f Jewelry.
One hundred thousand tons of Scranton
!oal was sold at noon to-day, the prices
anging from $1) S15 tor lump to $5 10 for
itove; a falling oil'in the prices realized
it last monthly sales, except in chestnut,
vhich rangedjfrom 85 to $i 20.
An Investigation shows that $170,000
>f tho money furnished to the Hrooklyn
Water Hoard tho past year is not accountid
for.
There is a rumor that Jas. W. Booth is to
jo appointed Postmaster of New York in
llace of Patrick II. Jones, tho present injumbent.
Judge Iirady, it appears granted the
irderTorthe arrest of Mayor Hull on a
ilmilar complaint to those against Tweed
md Connolly. The fact was known at
lie City Ilall during the lorenoon and
[(all soon disappeared, it is supposed, to
lecuro bondsmen, and save the annoyance
)l remaining in custody on thanksgiving
lav. The bail Imnds aro to bo for a mil
Ion dollars, requiring sureties to Justify it
11 two million dollars.
The receiver of the Bowling Green
Savings Bank stales tlinl lis nssets arc
M57,(MO and its liabilities *47?,000. II
ts securities realize their full value the
lcposilora will rccclvo 1)5 per cent, less
lecessnry expenses. The loans include
fl48,000 on personal security, without
:ollatcral.
The receiver of the Guardian Hayings
Bunk reports that all the depositors will
>e paid in full?the smaller ones at once.
A verdict has been given lor tho United
jtates, in tho casifigiiinst Harvey Barnes,
lo recover |54,547 on account of fraudulent
invoices of imported sugar and 1110lavoi.
Freights west from Now York, Boston
>nd Philadelphia has advanced to Oil cents
per cwt. to Cincinnati, (1.00 to Chicago,
(1.20 to tit. Louis, and other points proportionately.
An expedition ol Catholics to teach the
natives m Ecuador the mechanic arts and
farming, started to-day in the Ocean
tjucen.
Tho health officers report that tho
cholera has disappeared from the bay.
?nd tho steamer 1 ranklln will he allowed
to conn) to the city Sunday.
Coal fell fifty cents per ton at anchor today
in spite ot thofold woetlier.
Tl,n (mvprnmenf stpnmpr flpti MrAlls
ter, tobe used In dredging the mouth of
the Mississippi, was launched to-day.
A portion of the Erie basin of South
Brooklyn gave way last Friday from the
prcssuieot' the stock against the warehouse.
Damage, $8,000.
There is a lull to day in the Bible war
at Hunter's Point. 1 he Lord's Prayer
was read without interruption. Kate
Denncw, who was expelled as a leader of
the disturbances, applied for readmissson
but was refused. Borne ol the sus]>endcd
scholars were allowed to return. Four
policemen remain on duty in tho school.
The principal Is still subjected to insultfl
in the streets, but expresses tho belle! that
the Catholics of the place do not generally
approve of tho disturbance.
A petition for the commutation of the
sentence of Hotts for the murder of Pet
flalstead, will be presented to tho New
Jersey Court of Pardons.
In the case against Smith, Gould and
Martin, growing out of the transactions of
Black Friday, the Jury came into Court
this evening, and the foreman announced
that ten were in Iftvor of n verdict for the
plnintiir and two were holding out. He
asked tho Judge the inquiry whether
it was improper if inducements were held
out to these two. The Judge sent them
back, saying that he would consider the
Question if they did uot agree on a verdict.
The jury were locked up for the
night
The putcnt case of Iluinaston m. the
American Telegraph Company, for alleged
breech ol contract, nnd in which $100,- j
000 is claimcd, closed to-day in the United
States District Court by a verdict of $75,*
000 for the plaintiff.
Mayor Hall has not yet been arrested.
Connolly was locked up in Ludlow
street jail this afternoon. Connolly
loft his apartments at the New York
Hotel yesterday, and, accompanied by
two Deputy Sherills, scoured the city in
quest ol bail, but without success, and at
length he was forced to admit that further
search would be useless,and lie reluctantly
consonted to be conveyed to jail. The
conduct of McGovern in withdrawing his
...nun 1.:? .11.. i!
I lotuiu Itt/m uia I'I'UU mw ui|(bwiuuj jiiiuitui
to the ox-Comptroller, lie was provided J
I with a comfortablo bed and left to his
gloomy reflections. As though in J
I mocking to his present humiliating
ih)sition, the first object which met hit*
gu/.e on entoriug the jail was a luli-aize
portrait of himself as hu appeared in the Y
days of his prosperity. Connolly appeared .j
much depressed in spirits and looked, iu j
fact, a broken-hearted man.
The (Irand Duke Alexis was given a J1
ball by a committee of citizens ut the J
Academy of Music to-night. The ossein- 7
blago comprised tho very best citizens of J1
both sexes. Tho decorations were mag- J
nilicent and in excellent taste. In the
corridors were largo photographs ol the
Russian imperial family, while a banner
on cither side of tho stage represented tho
Emperor Alexander emancipating serfs
and President Lincoln liberating slaves.
The sidewalk in front of the entrance on
1-lth slrccl, was canopied aud car|>cted, n
and to this the (Irand Duke drove tip It
half-past 10 o'clock, where he was received
by (Jen. McDowell aud E. M. Blough- d
ton and conducted to his box. f<
It is announced that Jatnes 8. Morgan, tl
of London, borrowed $5,'000,000 for tho c
Pennsylvania Railroad Co., debentures of l?
the leased l'hlladelpnia Erie road, and
the oilers therefor have reached $12,- L1
500,01)0. o
A REMARK All LE LETTER* tl
ii
A Democratic Editor Declares that (J
the Tarty In Dead and Mnnt be Hur- 0
led. o
Chicago, November 29.?'The editor of U
the Democrat of Davenport, Iowa, lias a
addressed tho following letter to the Hi
Chicago Timet, which appears in that
journal this morning:
"Having faithlully served as a member <i
of tho Democratic organization for over
twenty years, and still having tho fullest n
confidence in tho cardinal principles of tl
that parly, I urn impelled to declare my
conviction that tho organization has outlived
its usefulness, and that it is the duty
of Democrats to openly acknowledge that T
tho Democratic party is dead. All efforts
at departurcn and gAlvanizing it into life
liuve proved a failure. The prestigo ol tl
its general policy, or rather the lack of
|M>llcy, during the late war will cling to it T
and prevent its success no matter how
much we may become purilied by a in
change of heart. The result of tho rcccnt ?t
elections is sufllcient proof of this fact. We u
can organize by forming some integral ni
part ol a new party, and probably resurrect
our principles; but the body must bo 0'
buried and the Btench of its putrid remains pi
removed from tho public nostrils. The n
present is tho proper emergency to test m
the patriotismuf the incmbaa of the Dem- tt
ocralic party. If wo love our country Hfi
better than we do our party abandon the y
organization and unite with patriots, dis- w
regarding political nntcccdcnta, and we
may reasonably hope for a change of nd
ministration In 187'J that will protect and
guarantee equal rights to nil sections ?l
our common country. Centralized power
will vanish; the war will soon bo forgotten,
ami our country again will bo peace- t(
Hil, prosperous and happy. II
"UKO. 11. I'AItKKIt. m
"Dawtiml, lorn, A'ov. 27." p
ci
SALT LAKE CITY.
T
Bai.t i/akk City, Nov. 28.?Hon. 0. II. y
llcinpstcd.ou hohair ol tho defendants in tl
tlio case or Tin! People r?. Ilrighain
Young, Illckman, Kimball nnd others lor
murder, to quash the Indictment, occu- t<
pled the attention of the court tho wholo
of to-day. I,
Tho Mormons assert emphatically that j,
Hrigham Young will make every elfort to y
bo present at court on Monday next, lie n
Is three hundred miles away, and the
roads aro very bad, but It Is thuuglit lie
will bo here In time.
It Is understood that both Mormons nnd
Gentiles will suspend business on Thursday
next for tlio olisorvanco Thanksgiving.
Tlio customary party on tho evening
ol that day it Is expected will bo the
most brilliant over witnessed in Utah.
Preparations aro making by tho Masons
Tor a grand ten dollar bull on next HI.
John's Ony.
Tlioilorm hero crnncd this morning.
The weather is now freezing cold.
Nothing from the canons since jester-
dtiy. No ninils from tlio oust or west to-
day. The Union I'nclflc Is said to ho
thirty hours behind lime.
Bai.t Lake, Nov. 29?A malt carrier
from Cottonwood arrived litis afternoon,
having left there yesterday. lie reports
si* leetol snow on the level, and driits
of from 20 to 100 feet. The principal
mining claims, however, manage to continue
as usual. At the Kmtna mine operations
are uninterrupted.
To morrow Thanksgiving will lie,duly
observed by all classes, and business of
every kind will lie suspended. The Mormon
Journal says that notwithstanding
the erttsade against the I,alterDay
Saints, they can heartily join
in thanks and prayer to (toil, lor they
Know irom posi experience mm wni'ii
their extremity lias been the greatest their r
deliverance and triumph have also been y
nearest, and on these accounts and many
others the people of Utah will heartily fl
join In thanking God for his mercy. n
The trains on the Utah Central today
were three hours late from flgden on au- j
count of snow.
MEXICO.
Nf.w York, Nov. 20.?A special dis- j
patch from Mexico says tlmt a general f
rising ol the revolutionists is expected to i
take place on the IIrst of DccemW. The
Government is concentrating six thousand
troops near Oaxaca. Diaz is at Oaxaca
with five thousand men ready for battle.
Nkw OuTiKanp, tin Matamouas. Nov.
30.?Gen. Trevine telegraphs the Ittwl*'
fioni*t st Monterey that lie has canton*!
the greater part <?f tho city of Hsltillo
in late battles, and is pressing the siege
vigorously. Hixtcen hundred Govern- t
ment troops are hemmed inside, and their
water supply is cut oil. He reports that
Gen. Qtierroga had reinforced him with
troops and supplies from Oralvo.
The capitulation of Haltillo is hourly 1
expected by the insurgent sympathizers i
here.
FOREIGN.
FRANCE.
articular* or Ibe Communist Execution*.
New York, November 29.?A. special
liapateh from Paris says that the execuion
of the Communist, ltosscl was atended
by a clergyman of the Protestant
Bpiscopul Church, unci Bourgess hy a
toman Catholic clergyman. liossel
uuipcd from the convict carriage numeliately
alter it halted, looking pale, llo
valked with difficulty towards tho Bpot
isaigned to him, even although he was
up ported by the clergymen. Ferre was
iltcd from the wagon und placed on the
;round immediately after Uusscl. lie an eared
to recover his strength immeui.tely,
and walked with a firm step,
lourgois was then taken out. The soueuce
of the court murtiul was then read.
Lt the conclusion of the ceremony Koacl
handed his handkerchief to his atunding
clergyman in a cool manner, and
ad his eyes bliudfolded. There were
0,000 soldiers present. The different
ands struck up the music of a brilliant
larch almost immediately. This was
layed until the troops were lar from the
oeao of execution. Tho linalo of the
rairedy has produced a very deep sen
utiou in the camps at Bartory, Tans and
Versailles.
Pa it is, Nov. SO.?1Tho Germ an e have
ommenced to build fortifications in the
asses of the Vosges.
GERMANY*
ki.kask ok tub 0human sai 1.0119 at
1(10 ilanibilo.
London. November 21).?A dispatch
atoil licrlin yesterday says the Prussian
>reigu olllce has received intelligence
mt the Herman sailors, who were under
Dulinement in Hio Juniero, have been reMised
by order ot the authorities. A pailic
arrangement ol the dilliculties with
Irazil is now probable and thoexcitemcnt
n the subject is subsiding.
Jiuitr.in, November si).?Tho press
tiroughout the country comment with
udignatiou on the frequent unsown nations
f German solders in tho occupied districts
f France and tho almost total immunity
f the perpetrators from punishment at tho
amis of military authorities. Energctic
ml eflleieut action la demanded to put a
ton to the outrages.
lJlsmarck was unable to attend tho
penlng of tho Prussian Diet in conseuencool
protracted indisposition.
Bkiu.in, Nov. 21).?Tho Herman squadi>n,
o( Evolullm, is ordered to practice in 1
I... All.lMli..
ENULANI).
UK II.LNKBfl'oP TIIK I'MNCK OK WAI.KfJ
London, Nov. 29?Noon.?TIio latest
ulletin from Bandringkatn re|x?rt? that
icro bus been no change in thu condition
f thu Princo of Wales since yesterday,
ho fever in not so great, and the patient
easier and obtains some sleep, by which
0 is greatly strengthened. Notwithanding
tho favorable aspect of the case,
to anxiety with regard to thu result ia
ot concealed.
Tho iihysieians' bulletin dated at six
clock this evening, says tho l'rinco has
issed a quiet to-day. Tin: indications ol
to condition of His Royal Highnefls are
01 Considered dangerous. It may bu sta(1
that his physicians consider it necesiry
to issue only two bullet ins cach day.
hould tho oaso become critical a bulletin
oivJd bo published every hour.
HELMUT JH.
HKSKINATION OK TIIK MINISTUY.
IJiiuasKM, NovcmlHjr 21).?Tho Minis>rs
have tendered their resignations to
io King. The people, satisfied with the
l'complishmentof their object, have (Mbcrsed
and order prevails throughout tho
i|y
isiiiifWKia, flovcmucr z??evening.?
'lie King of Delgium ban commissioned
I. Georges Francois Tbomisson to form
ib new Cabinet.
Tlie Burgomaster of Ghent, at tlie head
f n deputation of four hundred citlzcns,
i dny waited upon M, Jules liana, a well
nown Liberal statesman, and presented
Im an uddress expressing admiration
>r his political principles, and the hope
at he would ngaln lie called to particiate
In the administration ol tlie governlent.
M. liana was Minister ol Jiutlec
i tlio Cabinet of M, Flrere Orbnn.
SPAIN#
<IKN. MCKI.RB'MAIIMAOK.
London, Nov. 21).?A dispatch from
Iiulrid gives and account oftlio marriage
f Gen. Sickles, Minister l'roui the United
ilales. The ceremony was attended by a
rllliatit and distinguished company,
LtnotiR those who honored it with their
rescnco was Marshal Zerrano, late Iiegent
I Spain. The dispatch gives the name
f the bride as Miss Creigli. Gen. Sickles
nd wllo left Madrid the day oiler the
narriage for Liverpool, wliere tbey were
o take steamer for New York. Some ol
lis friends say lie will not return. I
iMadiiid, Nov. 211.?The government
o day received a dispatch from Havana
.nnouncing imi cxcvuuuu ui nilhhhi
tudcnts for profaning a cemetery In wliicli
he remains of Castanon were interred.
The news created a profound sensation
,nd the ministry were Immediately conrened
to consider what nctlon to take.
Phe departure of the mail steamer which
vaatobave Bailed to day from Cadi/, for
Julia was postponed twenty-four hours.
AUSTRIA.
VtKKH?, Nor. 21).?Baron Von Langcurn,
Minister trom Austria to Holland,
iw I "'en appointed Knvoy Extraordinary
mil Minister Plenipotentiary to the court
it Rt. Petersburg. I'rlnce Metternlcli lias
isked permission to remain at his post al
ho bead of the Austrian Legation In
'arls, which he has held since 18.VJ.
ITAI.V.
Hour, Nov. at).-The Pope, yesterday,
n replying to tho address, expressed eonidence
iii tlio triumph of tho Church,
!Ic protested against all Ideas of a comiromisc
with the rulers ot Italy.
AFRICA.
T/mnoN, Nov. 28.?A war lias broken
rnt in Africa in tho route pursued by tho
ijplorer, Captain Btanley. Four ol his
nen were killed in a battle with tho naIves,
and Stanley himself Is dl with a forcr
at Unicorn Ycub.
TIIHKKV.
CoHflTANTrNot't.R, Nov, 21).?1There lias
lieen n largo increase In the number of
L-rtfloa of ciiolera in Htainboul during tlifi
last three or four days,
joiin quurcy adams.
IIIn View* of the Preseut Democratic
Situation?He favors I ho 'Possum
Policy.
tvr. Louis, November 20.?John Quincy
Adams, id Massachusetts. litis written a
lutlcr, which will appear in the Sluoouri
Heptiblii'iu, to morrow, is which he warmly
cndorhfh ihu ho called "'possum policy"
for the Deumcrata in the next PresiJcntial
election. In the course of the letter
he says:
"I am satisfied thai such a course would
bo wise and politic, and should be glad
to see tlie Democracy concur in such a
resolution. 1 regard the present administration
as a national calamity, a continuance
of which should be averted at almost
tuy sacrallce, not because it is Republican
in politics, but because it is mean in charicter,
sordid in lone, corrupt and arbitrary;
because, more than auy we have had,
it lias disappointed the hopes and deaden;d
the generous aspirations of good men
it nil tiiirticM- it ia doincr mora
0 permanently disunite the States
ban the government of Jetlerson Davis
jver did, oecause its chief cun conceive ol
10 meaus nt tree government but military
orce, and no motive oi public action but
private proiit. Four years more of such
in education in family patronage and
uartial law will so blunt the keen sensinlities
of popular liberty that our ignoble
ncubus might us well remain a tlxturc.
S'ow, I believe that the Democratic party
s powerless alone to relieve us. 1 think
t is without hope ot carrying tho next
ilection. 1 have no doubt that if the votes
)f'any of the titates lately in rebellion
mo necessary to elect the Demoqratic
candidate they would be thrown out in
sounting u mere majority. Even it it
:ould bo mustered we will not bo permit*
ed to elect a Democrat to be the next
resident. Nothing will then remain but
:ivil war or submission to a usurper, and
t is ditllcult to decide which alternative
vould intlict the more iwparablo injury
inoii the habit ot tree government to
lismiss an incompetent official and avoid
1 govermental crisis. The Missouri policy
titers the only reasonable possibility
vhicli is otrered, but while I Irankly
ivow my partiality tor tho project, I do
lot blink at the very serious obstacles to
,tfl adoption. It must subduo the pride of
;>arty and break tho bonds ot party discipline.
Now, there are lew more obstinate
passions than the sentimental devoion
which men oiler to tliut vague abitraction
ot party glory, and not many ot
he creeds of theology areas despotic as
i platform. It will tie a ditllcult task to
>ring a party, yet glowing with tho recollections
of a miuhtv nasi, and yet burning
with nnticipntionn of a great future, to
field the bend of this column and the command
of the Held to the allies who
were yesterday enemies; nor is there any
strong guaranty that these allies will not
llinch, an the lost parly leaders are seldom
famous for the high moral courage which
jau abide unshaken the stern pressure
[hat forbids the rupture of party ties,
[lut if they daro fling down the gauntlet
or a duel to the death with the President,
I might be possible for I he Democracy to
iso to the height where the humiliation
>f the partisan is lost in the satisfaction ol
ho patriot. Hut it is charged that the
lacrillce will be to win, or, worse, to surender
the wholo scheme of Democratic
ibcrty and bo base and bound to its onenies.
I do not forbode the event. 1 canlot
believe that the protest against a dieatorial
government can bo weakened bv
oining a baud which deserts it bccause it la
lostile to civil liberty. Will tho enemies of
corruption in oflice, disband because they
mite with those who have sickened and
timed away from the sight of corruption.
Jan friends ol the Constitution preserve
ind protcct it more strenuously by refining
to hold up their hands who have fortaken
their own friends, rather than donee
it further. It seems to mo on the
'ontrary that the strength of the support
vhich this movement would bring to tho
escuo of the principles of Democracy
trntilil lin in nvnnl tirnnnrllnn tollman.
rority of the lilow to tbo prido of (bo
)emocratlc parly. For these principles
nuflt bo dear indeed to llio men who can
tbandon lor them an ancient and honored
lame, and not less precious, to tlioso
vho daro to follow them even through
lie scum, contempt and obllqy which
iwait political treason."
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, November 21).?Geo. W.
laysl, of tbo firm of (layBl HotcrholT,
illetl a petition in bankruptcy yesterday.
Liabilities 174,000, assets ?!W,000.
An alliance lor the purpose of further
ipreadlng the faith ol Prcsbytcrlanism In
Jincinnali and Mcinity was formed at a
neetlng last night, held by representatives
roin tbo I'resbytorlan churches ol Cln:innali,
Newport and Covington.
A rule was yesterday obtained against
the Mayor of Cumininsvillc, compelling
lilm to show cause why bo should not bo
lent to Jail for disobeying Judgo Murlock's
recent order restraining htm from
Interfering with tbo construction of tbo
Avenue Railroad in Cuinmlnsvillo. Tbo
Mayor caused the arrest of llvo men who
were working on the track on Monday.
A special to tbo Umrlle from Chillicothe
dates that John Blackburn's mother tea
lifled Hint tho defendant's father wan Inlanc,
also Ills sister, a great uncle, and Ills
'ather's brother. This was tho cliiel teallmony
of tho defense.
Tho public offices and business houses
liero will close tomorrow for thanksgivIdb
OMAHA.
Omaha, November 2I>? Koporta from
Hie west say tlmt snow continues to fall.
Trains are slill running with tho help of
snow plows and several engines, although
mostly behind time.
Lancaster county, Nebraska, voted yesterday
In favor of issuing ilOO.OOO In
bonds In aid of extending tho Midland
Pacific Itailrond to connect with tke
Union Pacific.
Htnlcv. tho nostofllco robber of Coring
Ion, Neb., was to-day sentenced to ten
years imprisonment.
A man named Henry Ellis, from Ills.,
wm found by the mad Bido a short distance
west of this city to-day, frozen to
death.
A WARLIKE ORDER*
Admiral Lee Ordered to Romhard
Havana.
New Yohk, Nov. 20.?A Washington
special states that Admiral Leo, with a
fleet, lias been ordered to the Cuban
waters with instructions that if satisfaction
lor the recent outrages is not tendered,
to open his guns on the City of Ha*
vsna. _
?The Pacific Hotel and Railroad Eating
house, located at the Illinois Central
passenger depot, at Dubuque, burned yesterday
morning. It belonged to the Illinois
Central Company.
For Additional Dinpnlchw M$ Fourth I'af/e.