-Y
wwwww
i 1
f i
VOL, 77, NO. 45.
RUTLAND, VT., THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 9, 1871.
TERMS $2.50 PER ANNUM
lit
r fff t
I II III 11 .I I I il It II I
5 1
i
SMlanfl WwRIt, UtraW.
FOTNDEDIN 1794.
l,r tf" latest weekly In New England, pnb
ihi- SDAY morning.'
l'j it t i'eu.K St., Herald Block, Rutland, Vt
TL'TTLK COMPANY, Proprietors.
a-j A. TCTTLB, A. H. TCTTLE, H.O.TUTTLE
HENRY CLARK, Editor.
T,rrs'. $2. 50a year; $1.25forsixmonthtuava
riablyin advance.
Stttlanfl gaily gmta
rCBMSHEI) KVEBT MOnNINO
K nt of Center Ht., Eerald Block, Rutland, Vt
r:iM:: H8.f0year Ji.Ofifor six months $2.00
lor l nreeiaonlhs- -iir a cent a month.
T f K t VT I a NT f H K 11 A LD.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 3, 1871.
lion. Tlionms riving.
Tl.) ''oath of lion. Tfcmas. Ewin-.r, Sen-
i -r,
U iio, removes another or the emi-
3, ii' men of the nation, and a lauduiark
i,t a f ii 'iior generatiou. IIo hud passed
ih.' Ii'ni'. of fmr score years. Had ho
1 two months longer, he would have
i-ighfy-two yearn of ago. Ho was,
:i ii 'vh it in what, is now West Vir
xlinc'H,,, 2S'b of Dcn.ber, 1789, hut
with hi father's f.im'ly to Ohio in
Hm parents were joor and his
lit WaHOtlC of Cl'IltitSllOIH toil. III
0 r v
r
!vc his early e.dticatiou from an el.It-r
-v, aid cootiiiioul it by thei help of tho
r .t r primiti vo cmnmnn schooN of th'it
rtri'i'l. In 1814 he vrvn u school
t. r iii 18ir hf r.-ft-ivod th. derfe
i,' A. II. from tho Atkoos a :i(3t-my. the
fi-- f.- r ooiiferrnd in Ohio. In 110, tit
t'; lu'iMif t wi nty-n-ven, ho whs admitted
ii'm pr .oUiio of law, and soou took
hi,'1! pov.tion at thi.i Bir of the State. Iu
Is !0, when forty nv.) yenrs of ago, ha was
iLutud to tho United States Senate.
Th?ro ho tot a prominent ptirt ns :i lend
er of hi Vhi pirty, a;d even in the
layn of Wt.bitor.Cl ly, Clhoun, Brnton
and Silns Wright, he ws acknowlodged
(14 iriiooy: tho v.bleKt men in tho Pollute.
II- retired to, priv.ito life in 1S:7, ?uit in
Is 11 he accep-ed tho position of S eri'ttiry
i f th. Tro-iotsrv in the Cabinet cf rresi
y,nf Hirrin. When Tylor went over
t.i t'.o I)iniwcrats, Mr. E wing, with other
m"inbirs of tho Cabinet, re-igneJ. In
!sl, when l're-irlent Taylor Hsuiied
t.i- (XM'.ntivo (ffne, Mr. Ewing took
cli irje of Hie D-partrue-nt of the Interior,
iv left it in 1S,"V for ft i-e-it in the United
S.ifH S-nU'', whieh ho hold for mo-e
t'i in -i voir. Siuoo thit period ha hn
h-l 1 him-i.'lf aloof from public po'itio-il
1 'ft. Ho W;J ono .f tin idd c Mii-ervntive
V'tiii.rj, -who coold find t;o pnrty with
whie.h to nil V thenii-fibiv-i ftr the old
Whis orin' ZfK'i m wis disiolved in 1S")3.
TT.' i w nt'tbirifr eomrHniil in nfmncrncy.
id he wns too. roner va' ive to unite he.itt
with thn tiw iidens and nirsres-iv
-pi ri t of tho Kepublin-in party. II
th r -foro live 1 in retirement, omaion
illy reminding the world of hia existence
t y i long letter, in which he promulgated
hii view-t of polities. Mr. Ewing wis
mm of theoM generation in polities, a
-t-ite.'v flurr. honorable, high-toce'l
wiihont t'eur mJ above reproach, but un
tW.'l for these times of change and prog
r'-u, by an iubrel consirvatinm
c!ina to tha past.
lie died ex.?tly ':wo years after a se
vere atteck of sploplexy, which seized
him while engaged in arunmint in th
S ipreme C u-t of the United States, from
w! i'-h it w-js th a thought ho would not
r- ovi-r
Mr. Ewing whs the father, by adoption,
mil fither in-law of Oen. Willism T.
SSerm n of the United States army. A
('it ti h of thi-i ralntion m ly not be nuin
ti-r.'iting in connection with thii bioiira-
ti'iiml t-keteh of Mr. Ewincr, as we found
it in tno Fpringfieli Republican.
Mr. Ewing of Ohio, who hxs jnst died,
wi tlie father of Gen. Sherman by adop
tion bpfore he bPC4me his father-in-law.
II iw he enme to be is thus told in 4 Ohio
iu tho War The members of tho bar
Ht Ij iiio inter knew very well that Jultre
siiiruvm had left no adequate provision
forhi-ilirge family, and it wns eareed
snioni; them that some of the children
shoul-1 he educated and supported by the
brethren of the deceased parent.
In accordance with this arrangement,
ThomaH Ewing, then in the prine of his
reputation as a great lawyer and states-
w n. decided to adopt one of the boys.
''I nnmt have the smartest tf them,.' so
'ho Htoriei of the times tell us that Mr.
living said to the wilow; and on the
me authority we have it that, after con
Miltntin between the mother and the
ilJt(it niter, "Cump," at that important
period of his life at play in a neighboring
Mtidbnnk, was selected. The next seven
ypr puK-ed in scVio il-boy life in LincaH
jfr. Young Sherman was fnirly adoptel
Hi the Ewing family, and ho soon made
hi wy to nil their heerts. He wa nent
1" the EogliMh department of the villmre
aciiemy, where he stood well in his
c'-s-8, aud came to bo promising bov.
"Iliero wan nothing specially rwmnrkiMn
"hout him," so writes hin foster-father,
Mr. Ewiug, "exeepjing that I never knew
ynuuir a boy'-who would do an errand
cirreetly hnd promptly a he did."
And Hirain, "he wrs transparently honeot,
faithfr.l a, trustworthy. Studious and
correct in his hat i g, his prngros in edu
ction WH8i.te-.dy Htid mhstantiil. And
0 t ho hoy reached his seventeenth tr.
Sir. Ewinir now had a vacancy at West
f ''itil in bin Kjtt, and he bestowed i' upon
'he ,-hild of hi old friend. Yonng Sher-m-n
whm hdniitt.d to the acd-my in
Jl"ie, 18-Jfi, nd, with the exception 'of a
month.' furl .ut-h in the mmnu-r ol
ISIJO, which he spent in a viit to his
h'.me at Ijineanter, he remained there
niinnoiiHly until his tradmtiou in
c. ic-u. oiaruu wnn a ueo l r.re-
""iuii, III 1 III I rl n
UK though not n firHt tlasn f.taudmg, tf.
he eh.s. Mr. Ewllf desired that he
,ld graduate in the ennineer corrs
f"s. a he himself wrotn BOme roontDw
re, he whs unable to do, but his rank
sunh as to enti'le him to enter the
rtill. ry. JIe was the frixth in hi elaH.
he pleimntest glimpse we get of the
I'mr years of cadet Jit-J, are in the letters
j the future lieutcnant-gmernl to the
'r companion snd playmate of his Ln-j'St-r
home. Then letter are sprightly,
jv,'i,,ns, aud a trifla eccentric, not at
unlike in ttyle those graver epi.-tles,
r h, at a later period, were to draw
"n" the uncomplimentary secretary of
r,.ik c inplmeot that "Sherman wrote
h -ouKht." Ia 1850, he returned to
le states," and on the 1st of may, his
long engement was closed by his marri
age to Mi-8 Elleu Ewing, at the residence
01 ner lattier, then secretary of the inter
ior. Among the guests who graced the
wedding, were Daniel Webster, Henry
L;lay and .senary Taylor, lie was soon
sent to garrison duty at Jefferson Bar
racks, Missouri, and shortly efterward,
with the brevet of captain, 'for meritori
ous services in California during the war
with Mexico,' was made commissary,
and sent first to St. Louia and then to
ftew Orleans."
TheUrand t,ist for 18T1.
The Grand List for 1871, as mado up
by the Secretary of State and furnished
to tha State Treasurer, sums up as follows
for the respective counties we hav
ing transferred the list for gores and uo'
organized towns to tho counties, iu which
they belong
GUAM) LIST OF VB1UIOST, 1ST COUNTIES
eoaj.aat Cj i c-
O f
CO .-a
C T SO
a o o
CO-SN
nncKjrt,! I
pa iwJii i I
o f si
cq x j
ac C c O O o xj
io J. w -n i -J I
i i C -J. O i-J i I
o i o" 33 "5 i S2
ri-.ji Ii'S"'' Vv. I T
i twin Jiltl v
c c- n i i- ji i
t- -M 4J C Q S N N I- -j a
l- O-' 31 a 1 3 35 V
y r n x "C 'n 33
C5f"iO 35 f Ci iSiDSi
urr r- 3i iO c i r e
-TOO CCl3iflS rf: OO 00
poj-y f. yi
I T w T T -n ac i tn
G I S'J 3 S v 'J i C
H t- S t C X X 7
tr i- t cc B u3x(NSf
t i- i' jl a i co cm -n ao
sfl, a
ocpi3iai"':i-'-flisioNt5
H
o
c a S n
S 15
x
The results, when compared with the
list of 1870, are remarkable enough t
provoke curiosity, if not a suspicion ot
wrong somewheje and wo suspect that
an investigation and explanations would
be required were the Legislature in ses
sion. As things are, the Treasurer must
o on aud collect the taxes. If there has
b' en error or worse in making up tho list,
there is no present remedy. We invite
attention to the results
The loss in personal property since 1S70
is innre than five per ceut. or $1,(187 289.82
one per eentnm of which is .$10,87-3 b9
The gain iu polls is 34t
at 2, $G00 00
Gain in dog3, 893 at $1
is 893.00
Gain in roil estate. 128,-
137 acres at $501,-
83."), 1 per cent, of
which is 5,018.23-7,201.25
Net loan from 1S70 in appraisal,
Excess iu deductions iu 1871,
3,671 04
1,496 00
Total loss in the list.
Or the net graud list in
170 was.
It is iu 1871,
$o:167 64
$1,177,583 28
1,172,41564
Loss, $5,167 64
The most singular feature in the list is
the excessive loss iu personal property,
which is distributed as follows:
C. unties.
Addison,
Uennintfton,
Cnledonin,
Chittenden,
Essex,
Franklin,
Loss from 1870,
$100.229 63
59,559 86
4 986 00
102.022.00
25.075 25
174,390 00
14,50625
1,070 00
48.153 00
51,754 75
252 388.68
77.852,20
31,995 00
137,307.20
Per ct.
$6.77
6 08
0 25
5 10
1184
15 10
8 57
0 25
3 52
5.40
G.29
4 Go
1 53
4 55
Grand I-l
L imoille,
Orange,
Orleans,
Rutland,
Washington,
Windham,
Wis-dsor,
Total for State, $1,087,289 82 5.04
It will be seen that the counties, in
which tho loss exceeds the average per
cent, of loss for the State, are Franklin
10.06 percent., Essex 6.80, Grand Lie
3 53, Addison 1.73, Rutland 125. Ben
nington 1 01, Orleans 036, and Chittenden
0 06.
The gain in real estate is distributed as
follows
Ter ct. Per ct.
Connties.
Gain. Gain. Loss. Ldss
$25,350 0 38
4,195 0 08
118 47 213
102 390 1.03
Addison,
Bennington,
Caledonia,
Chittenden,
E-83X,
3,960 0 25
Franklin,
$8,204
42.154
0.11
1.59
Grand Isle,
1,409 001G
Lamoille,
Orange,
Orleans,
31.522 0 59
39 342 0 87
117.303 1.17
42813 0.67
88.603 1.33
Rutland,
Wat-hington,
Windham,
Windsor,
41.815 0.44
S ate, $561,825 0 609
L'-uioille and Franklin show a lo$3, Li-
rcoille a marked loss; and Addison, Ben
nington. Essex, Grand Isle, Orange and
Windsor fall below the average for the
State.
Thus it seems that Franklio, Lamoille,
Addison, Bennington, Esex and Grand
Isle fall below the general average of the
al.pfi both r al nd personal prop
y -ridded together. These bra the
ITT I 1
t-iVH disulotea. wnetner any explana
tions are desirable is left for the reader to
judge. For the comfort of Washington
couuty, we add that its litt fairly repre
sents the average rate of the State, taking
real and personal property together
standing a little better than the average
in each class.
Gold and Silver. The gold and
silver annually produced upon the Paci
fio coast approximates $80,000.000 an
amount that will be greatly increased
within the next two or three years.
Only a little more than twenty years
have elapsed since we began mining for
these metals, during which time we have
extracted aud put into circulation
something over $1,200,000,000 of the pre
o ous metals.
Sanby,
The members of the juvenile depart
ment of the Bind of Hope, between 30
and 40 in namber, by invitation of Mrs.
Stone, met at the Congregational Parson
age, on the evening of the 23th ult.,where
they had a very pleasant time. Besides
the usual exercises with singing and de
clamation, there were addresses by Rev,
J. P. Stone and his brother Rev. L. H,
Stone, Bgent of the Vermont Temperanee
Society, providentially present after
which all repaired to the dining room
where an entertainment had been provid
ed by Mrs. Stone of which they freely
partook and seemed greatly to enjoy,
especially the littlo one, judging from
their happy faces and merry laugh. Then
after a short season of social gle, all left
for their respective homes, cheerful and
happy, and fully resolved to stand firm in
the ranks of the temperunce army to the
end of the war. ,i i. s.
OBITUARY,
The funeral of George ltisdon took place at the
Church, Dunby BorougVi, on FiHay, October 27,
and notwithstanding thebad stateof th'e weather
was largely attended. He di-d at Manchester on
Thursday the 26th, af. the residence of his fa'her-in-law,
Mr. Hiram E. Johnson, from the eff.cts
of typho'd fever. Danby was his nativx town.
and where he has repided until within a year or
two. He wasi 28 years of ae, having beon mar
ried last March, and his death forcibly reminds
us of the fact, that "man proposes, and God dis
putes." Rev. N. M. Learnpd of Tinmou'h,
preached a very proltable discourse. Marble
Lodge of F. A. M. of which he was a member,
a well represented, and united in paying their
last ead rites and respect to their deceased broth
er. He was a worthy member of the frit-r'ii'y,
and w trust that as he wore the badge of mawn
ry with henor to himself and the order, squaring
his life by the square of virtue, he was prepared
f.r admission to that Celestial Lodge above,
where the Supreme Arch'tect of the univer-e pre
sides. He was a son of Mr Alva Ridon of this
torn, and a young man of good ab'lity and
habits. He was a member of Co. H. 10th Rogt.
Vermont YVluntera, and served out hia term of
three years en'istment, being one of those brave
and sturdy young men who sacrificed the cm
forts of borne to shar4 in the trials and dingers of
camp and battle-field, that the nition mif(ht live.
His comrades gave him thn rame of being a good
soldier. Be was, until within a year or two, a
young mn of apparent gol health, for the past
season his health had been quite poor until ty
phoid fever mark"d him for its victim, Seldom
h.s a dea'h recurred here which has caused more
sadness than his. When we sse a young man cut
down in his vigor, us-fulneaa and sf renth, it
casts a gloom over us, and teaches that the stern
messenger is no rcspecor of persons, and that it
is better to place our affections on things above,
than to lay up treasures here o-. earth, where
there is so much uncertainty of life. J. c. w.
POCLTNKT. The art exhibition of pic
tures, and works of art, at Jcslin Hall,
closed on Friday evening last, as not only
a financial success, but an acknowledged
influence in cultivating tho taste, and ad
vancing the beautiful in art. Tho idea
of an art gallery of a few das duration
in the country wa novel and by some
regarded as a doubtful experiment but
onco decided upon, a soliciting committee
bearan the work by asking for fU'jh con
tributions as tio citizens wero able to
mske. Oentrns hearts from all denomi
,1
u -'ions cnrertulty responded, wnue active
li i nds placed them upon tha wall-t until
tli 'aree hall w,u filled and in two days
an nit uftllery worth soversl thousand
doli -s was in existpnoe. The laruo num
ber of painting., chromes and engravings
emhrnc d tSe works of American and for
eign artists, with a fair proportion of
home talent and we soon found our
selves surrounded hy a new creation of
art andbeautv. Wtn' h id V.n wrought
out in silence and retirement, by weeks
and months of study and pti.-nt lsbor,
now look'd out from public Walls in
brilliancy and beauty. And now we be
gan anew to study the character and
tastes of those with whom we supposed
ourselves previously acquainted. But
how lit'le did we know of their thoughts,
and the inner workings of their social and
intellectual life, nntil we saw them ex
pressed upon canvas. For hours, and
days, we viewed the creations of head and
heart, as they chrystalized themselves by
brush and canvas into permanent form
and in sympathy with artists, walked
in immagination side by side over land
scapes of beauty, among silent ri treats of
rugged. rountains,down in deep shadowy
glens damp with waterfalls and mrss
covered roak, or looked out into the
warm sunlight upon cheerful firm scenes
and homes surrounded by the beauty and
attractions of civilized lifo. There is not
a tree or flower, hillside or lake, which
the artist has pictured, but has been an
object of closest study, and around each,
associations of saduess or pleasure have
rTnstpred. And so we read the artist's
thoughts, taste-i and feelings, as truth
fully aa the quiet 'ake mirror back each
passing cloud and over-hanging tree.
E-ich picture in turn has its own peculiar
interest and expression of character. At
one glance you are half inclined to bow
in respect to the life-like expression of
Raphael, or Shakespere the next you are
in breathless anxiety to see if the "Little
Fishers" are going to get a bile. At one
moment you admire the noble view of the
"Hudson at West Point," at another you
are entranced with a "Moonlight Scene';
where th,sflver light dances on the rip
pling waters of the tleeping lake. The
lovers of children stop to frolio with the
roguish half-dressed "Peek-a-boa," and
the devout pass on to gz3 with rapture
upon the moral beauty of "The Changed
Cross." So every variety of taste found
its own congenial enjoyment, and models
of exc. l!uce. Artists canght suggestions
where the rough places would have look
ed better smoothed down a little, where
the tinta could have been better blended,
and the outlines softened art students
looked over a broader field of culture and
excellence, we all became better acquaint
ed with the beautiful in art, and were
made happier and better.
Observer.
Destructive Fire at Bakebsfielp.
About three o'clock on Wednesday
morning, fire was disoovered in the bam
of Mrs. Ayres. This was destroyed to
gether with the house and shed adjoining.
The flames bIso communicated to house
and barn owned by Henry Dean, and oc
cupied by Rev. T. P. Bevay, (Catholic
priest) which were consumed. By only
the greatest efforts were the dwelling of
J. F. Brigham and the store and barns of
T. F. Dean saved from destruction. As
is was the wind was favorable, 'otherwise
a more destructive conflagration would
have resulted. Loss $2000. Origin of
the fire unknown.
Needful Qualifications.
The escape of Barton the convicted
Waterbury bank robber, while on his way
to the State Prison nnder sentence of ten
years, suggests some things for the con
sideration of the people who control the
matter of elections. Of these one is ;:ry
obvious, viz. honest men are needed iu
every office that has to do with criu :aal
affairs such men as are incapable of bri
bery under any circumstances who can
ba neither bought nor sold for any con
sideration whatever. The man that can
be swerved from right principle by money,
fear, favor, interest or hope of reward in
ofSoial duties, in dealing with criminals,
is unworthy of tho public confidence and
unfit f r civil effi e.
Another thing is obvious, viz. i- ill
aud experience are of incalculable worth
iu dealing with crime. Not every min,
however excellent in character, is fit for
a sheriff or constable. Skill is of more
value tli.m political zeal iu an officer.
Experience is worth mora to tho St ite in
an office that has to do with crimo than
all the claims of party service or of round
pay in favors to back up for an election.
Of skill and experience, the aecomplinhed
rogues of thesa days hav-J large measures.
Lit the officers of the law bring to their
service tho same indispensible qualifica
tions or else give up the tough cases.
Another thing should be thought of,
viz: the need of mergy, resolution aud
unflinching courage and persistency.
Rogues of the "thoroughbred" class pos
sess these qualities in large degrees. Let
tho officers exceed them in the same or
throw up their hands and give up the
chs Vermont Chronicle.
Tin-: Grand List of 1871. We give
an inti rearing article in another cclumn
taken from the Montpelier Journal, and
nndoub'edly from the pen of Hon. E. I'.
Walton, the most accurate and ablest
statistical writer in tho State. The f.icts
and figures presented make a curious
showing, and i-hould receive the careful
consideration of every oitizen. No meth
od has been provided for the equalization
of the grind list in the interim of the Leg
islature. Had a session of the general as
sembly been held this fall, this subject
would receive a most thorough revission.
There is evidently gross frauds pirpetnt
ed in making tho grand list, and some
method should be adopted to break it up
that the public taxation may fall upon all
alike. This exposure by Mr. Walton
will excite public attention and undoubt
edly lead to discussion. Let the subject
bo agitated from now till the next session
of tho Legislature, and until a complete
reform ia effected in oar listing laws.
Correction.
Editor Rulfand Tier aid: A1 mi tang
the general correctness of your correspon
dents, allow me to siy that your it-m of
news from thin place in to-day's p-per
saying that Miss Tarker had to advance
tho freight on the packige sent to the
Chicago sufferers is incorrcst. Though
no special direction had then been given
the station agent, the big heart of Asabel
Ross wonld not allow him to take ox
presaage or payment of freight on Miss
Parker's donation, and he marked it free,
thus guaranteeing tha expre8igo or
freight from his own pocket in ea-e the
Company demanded it. But it is row
understood that all aid f.r the fire suffer
ers at the West, when properly packed
and directed can goby express or freight
from this station free of eh rg-. This is
as it should be, and those interested
should have due credit given them for
their generosity. c II. C.
Proctors ville, Nov. 1.
OnrrrATV. Died in AVel's on Saturday morn
ing. Oct. 28th, L'icy, wife of Tobert, Parks, 1 eq
aged 5G years.
The funeral services mrc hell in the Univer.
salist Church at Wells village, 01 Sunday after
noon, mi l were largely attendvdby the numerous
relat ves and their lare circle of sympathizing
frier ds. Tte services were conducted by Rev,
"W. T. Ket-s of Catleton. Sister Paiks, K-r,-ly
afflicted f"r more than two yea-s with a vim tnt
cancer, from w t ich she d'td, exempliti-d those
Christian virtues of pat'ent endurance of excru
t'atirg pain, an n!f-ictii nate and loving disposi
tion toward the relatives an! friends who cared
for ai d pympathi??d with hrr in her afflict ons,
and a firm reliance and abiding trust In God's
providence nt-der circumstarci s calculate! to put
one's fni'h to the severest test. In the death of
Mrs. Turks, hf r hnsbacd has lost a- affec'ionate
wife, ber hildren a ("evottd n othr, and her
many acquaintances a most faithful and Binctre
friend, fehe died, as t-he Uad lived, trusting in
t'ne lovirg providence of a wise aud merciful God,
an 1 with a triumphant hrpeof a happy life be-
jond his "vale of tears."
K.
A Card. Allow me, through your col
umns, to return my thanks to the people
ef Fairhaven who rendered me such noble
assistance when I was so unfortunate as
to break my leg, in their generous contri
butions of money, and to my employer,
W. C. Kittredge, who paid me one-half
wages daring my confinement, and to his
mother, who interested herself so nob!y
in my behalf. G. L. SnEPARDSON.
Stolen Propjsrtt Claimed It
turns out that th whole of the jewelry
found on the person ol Her ring,, whose ar
rest, has been reported, belongs to'Dr. J
Y. Dewey and other citizens of Mont p. 1-
ler. It seems thit while these persons
were, absent from home, attending the
wfedding.of. the daughter of Hon. Charles
Dewey, at Christ Chnrch, on Wednesday
evening, tl ree houses were entered by
Herring, and robbed of jewelry, gloves,
etc. Deputy sherm JJavis, of Montpelier.
arrived here yesterday, and identified te
property, la company witn Constable
White, they proceeded to tne residence
of Mrs. Bissette, on Water street, where
was found a full set f jewelry, valued at
$75, which had been disposed of by the
thief for $1. Mr. Davis took the property
and Herring, aud returned to Montpeliet
on the noon train. Burlington Free
Fress.
Mammoth Cave. The descent into
the hitherto unexplored pit in the Mam
moth cave, in Kentucky, was made re
cently by A D. Babbitt, a telegraph ope
rator from Michigan. He found bottom
at a distance of 193 feet from the main
avenue. The descent was witnessed by
200 guests of the hotel, who welcomed th.
daring young adventurer back with
hearty cheers and congratulations. Th'
rope with which he was lowered into the
pit was dangerously cut in several places
by the rocks which it had to pass.
Northern Pacific Railroad. The
Northern Pacific, surveying parly recent
ly engaged in locating the line of the
road from the mouth of the Heart River
in P.kotah to the Yellowstone Valley,
has returned to Fort Rice. The e ngine, r
ia charge reports that he has found an ex
cellent and very direct line striking tho
Yellowstone at the mouth tf Gilmore
River Crek. He also reports finding
coal in abundance along the Borveyed line
from the head of Heart River to the Yel
lowstone crossing, the valleys well tim
bered and well watered, and good soil.
Work is now in progress on the Northern
Pacific Road in Dakotah, west of Red
River.
Trouble with Convicts. Some
little trouble arose durif.g the late trans
fer of convicts from Sing Sing to Auburn.
As tho train approached the "Athens cut
off," a few miles south of Scbenectndy, two
men, jumping up in th.ir eas, pulled
the bell-cord of the car. In a moment all
the convicts jumped to their feet, yelling
and shouting. A terrible scene of con
fusion followed, but the gusrd were cool
and self-possessed, and after one warning
fired into the crowd of rascals. Seeing
the determined character of the officers,
the convicts all slunk back to their 8'ats,
but four, who ly on the car floor shot.
An examination of these showed that
only one rfC'dved any dangerous wound,
and ho was shot in the shoulder.
Si-ecial Legislation. nou. Francis
Jordan, who was fur five years Secretary
t f State of Pennsylvania, has written a
Utter wherein ho animadverts on the
evils of special legislation. He shows
that dutiug the pust five years there have
been passed in that State 340 pub'ic and
J C170 private acts, and that besides thei-e
there were 950 additional private acts
not published, by r ason of the non-payment
of the enrollment tax thereon, mak
ing tho total of private laws in five years
7123. He recommends biennial sessions
of the Legislature, and further re-trie-tions
upon the powers of corporations.
Wendell Phillips on Bostonianp.
I Wendell Phillips talks thus to the
'bibulous Bostonians ''If there i.-u't
Stat, smanship and law and morality and
Christianity enough to cure the drinking
habits of our great cities, the Republic is
just as much fated to go down as the Ro
man Republic was; and yc-iur children
will livo to see the soldier on horseback,
or the aristocracy, fortified in weilth,
who will take possession of the Govern
ment. Every great city in the Uuited
States is ruled by a mob. Applause
And there isn't a mayor, from the city 01
Boston to San Francisco, due west, who
was '.ot eleot.cl hy the i;rog shops cf his
own city not one''
FliESCII TOSTAOK. Gur postal ar
rangements with Francs Bre more unfav
orable than those with almost every other
country in Europe. The prepaid rate on
letters to France is now fixed at ten
cents for one-third to an ounce in weight,
from one-third to one-half, sixteen cents,
from one-half to two-thirds, twenty cents,
from two-thirds to one ounce, twenty-six
cents, and so on, at the rate of four cents
for each half-ounce for the United States,
and six cents for each two-thirds ounce
for the British nnd French share of the
postage. The letters shoulil b-j marked,
vi 1 England.
Chicago The Cbicgo Evening KaB
says that lumber and building material
of all kin 's have been pouring ino that
city n'nce the fire and the supply is now
about adequate to tho dpmand. The
We ather has bet n exceedingly favorabh
to out donr operations, and new structures
are still rapidly springing np. One hun
dred and four ptrmi's for hrie.k and ston
buildings on the burnt district wer
gran'ed in the first two weeks, snd some
six hundred for temporary structures
Immense piles of rubbish have already
b8en carted twiy, nnd the streets are be
Ojming mon passable. An open winter
will witness astonishing improvements.
Texas. Persons from Texas now in
Washington give a gloomy picture of
political Hffairs. They declare it is quite
evident that the Invisible Empire i
thoroughly organized in that State. The
receat triumph emboldens to action, and
an increase of lawless outrage and perse
cution is expected. Prominent Repub
licans express an intention of removing
their families to other localities, and
those who were there daring the murder
ous summer of 1S68, believe that the next
eight or ten numths will be worse than
then.
A Novel Suit. A msn in NwYT rk
named Galvin has sued Secretary Bout
well, claiming two million dollars dam
ages becausj the Secretary interfered with
the schemes whereby the gold gamble
expected to rake in b:g pil-s of mo:.py.
This is abont the coolest prm e-diot; y.-t.
We do not suppose it will tiouble ih
Secretary much to defend that suit. The
whole people would rejoice in becoming
backers of the Secretary in such suit.
Big Cokporatioks The New York
Central and Hudson, with 738 miles of
track, has a capital of $89,438,330; the
Erie, 845 miles and $83,536,910 capital
Harlem, 133 miles and $8,000,000 capital
Readiug, 334 miies and $3 j,401,G00 capi
tal Lake Shore, 1,283 miles and $35,000,
000 capital; Rock Island, 591 miles and
$17,000,000 .capital; Chicago Alton,
4GG miles and $11,350,972 capital Chica
go Northwestern, 1,224 miles and $35.
135,773 capital; Unioa Pacifia039
miles and $36,745,000 capital.
The Washburns. There have been
more Washburns' Governors of States
than any other name can boast, and Mas
sachusetts will soon add her second Gov
ernor of that name to the list. Maine,
Vermont, "Wisconsin and Massachusetts
hare been thus favored.
Penonal.
W. F. Harvey of Vermont has been
appointed a first class clerk in the office of
the Sixth Auditor,
A New York paper says that Senator
Matt Carpenter of Wise, baa been there
end looks well. Nature has dealt kindly
with him. ne is agood lawyer. But he
might have more discretion. Still be is
rich and juicy. A gray and gay Senator.
Partial to the good things of this world.
Loves to enjoy life. Is posted in all tha
ways of Washington. Its gayeties and
pleJSU'e excite and enthnso a free, open,
generous nature. He will be happy.
Who has a better right? A great ad
mirer of tho learning and genius and con
sistency of Sumner."
Miss Angie M. Lamb of Granville is
becoming well known, both as a pnblio'
rei.der and elocationery instructor
Professor Joel Farker of Harvard
University has given five hundred dollars
towards establishing a law library for the
Chicago bir.
Gilbert, Wolcott Co., grain brokers
and shippers, Chicago, and of which firm
Mr. Robert Fleming was a member, start
ed afresh in business October 10th, two
days after the fire, at Nos. 34 and 86 Ca
nal street.
We learn from the Hartford Courant'.
that Dr. Denison, formerly of Royalton,
and a graduate of both the classical and
medical departments of the University of
Vermont, has opened an rffloe for the
practice of h:s profession at Hartford,
Conn.
Col. Daniel Needham, formerly of
this State, holds the position of National
Bank Examiner of Massachusetts.
Sir Alexander Duff Gordon, of Eag
land, is at the Missisqnoi Valley House,
Sheldon, taking tha water of Missisqaoi
Spring. His appearance is perfectly un
ostentatious, and those who have had the
pleasure of meeting him pronounce him
an agreeable gentleman, of high attain
ments, well befitting his distinguished
home and position.
Among the recent graduates of the
Dartruou'h Medical School aro Daniel W.
Lovejoy of Royalton, and W. P. A. Niles
of Pownal.
Bishop Bissell ia in Washington.
Keligiotis Intelligence.
BAPTIST.
The Vergennes B iptist Festival, on
Wednesday evening, was a gratifying
success. The profits amounted to $125.
Hon George W. Grandey preached
at Shoreham on the evening of Sunday,
Oct. 22.
The Bapti-it Chureh at Passumpsie
is without a pastor, and are very anxious
to secure a good man.
Ttv. Wm. ctfeoott.afn, Uf a of Saratc
ga, hts accepted a call to the First Bap
tist Church in Montreal, of which Rev.
Dr. Goadby of Ponltney was formerly
pastor, and enters upon his pastorate
there the first Sunday in November.
Rev. Mr. De Witt of Canandaigua,
N. Y., has been holding meetings at the
Baptist church at East Enosburg, Vt.,
for the last fortnight, with a very large
attendance.
The Baptists founded a church in
Block Ioland, R. I in 1765. This organ
ization now numbers two hundred and
-ixty members, and embraces in its con
gregation the whole population of the
island.
A corrt spondent of the Watchman
and Ifeflector, writing from Johnson, says:
''The first Sabbath in October two more
put on Christ by baptism, the second S b-
b:vh four, and yesterday seven, making
twenty-two in all sicca August. Four
meti with their wives, and fourteen heads
of families in all. Two have united by
letter, making twenty-four additions,
and the work appears to ba bat just he
gun." CONGREGATIONAL.
The first Congregational church in
Brookfield have invited Rev. G. B. Tol
man, formerly of Sheldon, to supply their
pu'pit oue year. Mr. Tolman secepts the
invitation, and begins his labors Novem
ber 1st.
A new Trescott organ has just been
purchased for the Congregational church
at St. A'b.ns.
A Congregational church of tbirty
six members, was organized in Etst
Braintre, Tuesday.
The citizens of Concord Corner have
raised some $700 to repair the old Con
gregational church there or to help build
a new one.
Rev. Dr. Kitchel closed his fourth
year with the Weybridge Congregational
church, on Sunday. This church hes
been highly favored during these years,
and they appreciate it too.
Rev. Frank H. Seeley of Richfield
Spricgsnpplied tho pulpit of the Salis
bury Congregational chnrch last Sunday,
preaching a powerful discourse on the
worlds "Be ye reconciled to God."
At n n et nt meeting of the Addison
County 'Conference .of Congregational
churches, the feasibility of a plan uniting
two or more feeble churches, and secur
ity them pastor,jwas considered.
The White River Association meets
at Hanover, N. Y., November 14tb, and
the Windham Association at Fayettsville
November 7th.
The Rev. Dr. Shedd has declined the
Profess irship in the Princeton The
ological Seminary, which was offer
ed him by the General Synod of the Re
formed Church in America.
At tha recent installation of Rev.
Joseph Blake as pastor of tha church at
Gilmantown, N. II., Rev. Qaincy Blake
ly gava the right hand of fellowship.
The Rutland and Bennington Con
ference report for 1871 twenty-eight
churches twonty-two ministers of which
twelve are pastors 2877 communicants
3327 Sabbath Schools; 8090 average
congregation $5,876,53 contributions
church property $200,500.
Rv. E. E. Lewis, late of Bethel, Vt.,
haa baen supplying the church at Had-dam.
EPISCOPAL.
The general cfiventiem adjourned
sine die lato on Thursday night, October
26tb, its twentieth working day, after
hearing the Bishops' pastoral letter to
the churchj which is said to be 'quite
lengthy. Tha session was characte rized
by harmony and high order of ability.
After a long and very able debate on
ritual uniformity, the convention de
clined to pass a canon on the sul ject, but
both houses united in a resolution con
demning all ceremonies fitted to tecb. a
doctrine foreign to that of the church,
and referring any needed sjustment of in
dividual cases to the paternal advice and
godly counsel of the rr spective Bishops
The constitution of the general con
vention was so changed as to allow the
formation, under certain restrictions, of
new dioceses having but5 settled clergy
men, and six parishes. The effect of this
will be, a speedy increase in the number
of dioceses and bishojs.
The new hymnal, superseding all
others now in use, except the Psalms and
prayer book heretofore bonnd up with the
hymns, and theBishop'u additional hymns
already authorized, all of which can yet
be used, was set forth by the convention
for nse throughout the church. It con
tains some five hundred hymnp, and is
great improvement on the old collec-
'1D. ny 01 nymns ana psaims
are retained in this. The compiling com
mittee included some of the ablest per
sons, and of those best fitted for th
work, ia the church.
The convention gave its consent to
tho formation of a new diocese iu Penn
sylvania, outside of Philadelphia and
its five adjoining counties and the pri
mary convention, for organization and
the choice of its first Bishop, is to meet
on the 8th of November.
The nomination of the Rev. W. H.
Hare as missionary Bishop to Africa was
withdrawn, as he could not be spared
from the i ffi ;e in New York, as Secretary
of foreign missions.
A committee was appointed on the
Spanish version of the prayer book, as
well as on the German, French and Swed
ish. The Rev. Dr. Thompson, of Chicago,
has visited New York, in behalf of the
destitute church in the former city. His
own church and rectory having been
burned, he presented an appeal befere
8t. Thomas' Chnrch, New York, and
among other responses, one man offered a
thousand dollars toward the new shurch.
At the episcopal services held at Ea
gle Bridgo at Anaquascoke, N. Y., .con
tributions were made in behalf of the
destitute in Chicago; also in Wisconsin
and Michigan.
LIBERAL CHRISTIAN.
Rev. George S Guernsey will preach
at Cavendish Nov. 12th and 26th and at
Shrewsbury Nov. 19tb.
The executive committeee of the
Uni versalist State C3nvention of Vermont
held a meeting in Barre on the 27th of
Oct., and determined to hold several con
ferences in different parts of the State the
coming year. The first of the series of
conferences will he held in South Wood
stock, Wednesday ,Nov. 15tb. There will
he a service on the evening previous
(Tuesday.)
Tho Universaliat pari-h in Barrn
celebrated the 75-h anniversary of the
formation of the Univers .list society in
that place. An interesting hitoriel ad
dress was delivered by Rev. F. S. Bliss.
A correspondent of the Boston (7ni-
versa'ist, from Brattleboro, says We are
ei.l irsiog our church, and so shall have
en addition of twenty-eight or thirty klips.
We are holding our service for tho pre
sent iu Cro-by's Hall.
The Northfield Universalist parish
are at work with a zeal. They give en
couragement to their pastor, both in care
for his he alth and comfort, and in reviv
ing interest for the caue which he serves.
METHODIST.
Rev. Jesse T. Ptck, D. D., preached a
memorial permon on Sunday, October 9,
on the 103i anniversary of the old John
Street Methodist church in New York
city.
The congregation of the Methodist
church at Poultney have rent two valua
ble boxes to the Western sufferers, each
valued at $100; one went to Chicago, and
the other to the Mayor of Green Bay
City.
The Methodist church edifice at Bris
tol is being repaired. The pastor, Rev.
Mr. Stevens, is very active in making
both church and parsonage look neat.
Nowhere in New England is Metho
dism developing its strength and illustra
ting its power to save the masses more
folly than in Providence, R. I. Within
a few years it has made wonderful pro
gress, and it is now the leading denomi
nation in evangelistic labors in the city.
It has seven earnest, working churches,
well manned with devoted pastors and
official members, and it is taking a strong
hold on the population of the city.
The Methodist church in Highgate,
Vt., has been holding a four day's meet
ing, attended with considerable interest
Quarterly meetings in Vermont Sab
bath, Nov. 5th, at Hardwick, Craftsbury,
Walden, Noyesville, Athens, Bellows
Falls, Weybridge, Shorehem, Johnson,
Watetville, Jericho, Sheldon, North Fair
fax and South Royalton.
The Methodists of Chicago were
heavy loosers in the fire, several churches
and other valuable property owned by the
denomination being destroyed. Their
Boston brethren held a large and enthu
siastic meeting last Monday, and vigorous
measures will be taken to forward special
relief.
Extensive Seizubk of Sheep.-
Deputy Collector of Customs, L. IL Goff,
ef St. Albans.seized at Roxbury, for frau
dulent undervaluation on entry, on the
20th of October, 402 sheep, claimed by C.
W. Bailey, of Montpelier and on the
same day, at White River Junction, 133
sheep claimed by B. T. Rngg of St.
Albans.
numerous Readin?.
Court plaster Kisses.
A great ocean race fishes.
An attached couple Oyster shells.
Eyes have they, yet see not Needles.
Any two apples ere alike if they are
pared.
Smoking iu the streets is prohibited
iu Chicago.
Eirs have they, yet hear not Old
book-leaves.
The quickest trip on an orange pee-l.
Tho best waiting-maids Elderly fe
males unmarried.
Evergreens People who don't take the
papers.
What can you not name without break
ing it? Silence.
Terpctuiil motion the previous ques
tion in Congress.
You cannot preserve happy domestio
pairs in family jars.
Disc-ccuraging That the comet will
not get round anywhere else very soon.
Why a wife should be submissive to
her nusband she is his proper tie.
The wisest of men must be totally out
of his latitude at tha equator.
Encke-couraging That tha comet will
reach the perihelion in January.
Why is a mouse like a load of hay? Be
cause the c it'll eat it
Why ia love like a canal boat? Because
it is an internal transport.
Mis-Construction "Gettinsr np" a
young lady in the height of fashion.
Connecting link between the animtl and
the vegetable kingdom. Hash.
Why are Cashmere shawls like deaf
people Because trey can't make them
here.
The man who gave a bit of Lis mind to
another has (since been punished for a
breach of piece.
You talk of your troubles, but yours is
not such a hard case as mine, as the oyster
said to the fisherman.
Telegraphic dispatches can generally
be relied on we have known a bigger
amount of re-lying in this direction than
any other.
Happy thought by a cheep shirt-maker
on his own werk women "They come like
shadows, sew, depart 1"
A gardener's wife made a pincushion
out of a Spanish onion, but she found it
brought the tears into her needles eyes.
The Danbnry News says the reason
schoolboys delight to dig and explore
caves, is because of tha recesses there.
'Pa, isn't that man in what they call
the spring-time of life?" Wby, my
son "Because he looks so very green."
The woman that maketh a good pud
ding in silence is bettor than one that
maketh a tart reply.
A chap who bought a gas meter at Ak
ron wanted to know hew long such a box
full would last.
A miserable old bachelor observes that
he looks under the marriage head for the
tvi of tha weak.
A man who has a scolding wife, being
asked what he did for a living, replied
that he "kept a hot-house."
A man of inquiring mind wants to know
if modern whisky bus ever been seen
"comiu' through the rye."
Every plain girl has one consolation
though not a pretty young lady, the will,
if she lives, be a pretty old one.
Punch says the perfumer's business
ought to bo very lucrative. Of all busi
ness it brings in the most per-centsge.
An Irish magistrate censoring some
boys for loit-ring in the Mreer. said.
everybody were to stand in the streets,
bow could anybody gpt by f
A Western paper think that women
wonld riot Dint" good statesmen. "The
question of the f)gp, would always
trouble them.
A client remarked to bin solicitor, You
are writing my full on very rouub paper.
nr.' "n-vrr mind,' wa the reply of
the latter.'Mt has to be filed before it comes
into court."
"Now, papa, what ia humbug "It
is," replied papa, "when m pretends to
he very fond of me, and puts no buttons
on n.y nbirt."
Mrs. Ml -prop has been staying in rthe
country for h few day, at un old fash
ioned beu-e, all fiver Gabriels, with mil
ieus in the windows.
The question, "Who was Richard III
before be was 'himself again r" baa been
going the rounds of oor contemporaries
for some time. The answer is plain. He
was tomebody besides himself.
'John, s id a cockney lawyer to his son,
'I see you will never do for an attorney
you have no benergy. 'Excuse me, fath
er,' said John, 'what I want is some of
your chickenary.'
Indignant Old Lady 'Guard, do yea
allow smoking in this compartment?'
Obliging Guard nw, weel, if nan o
the gentlemen otj-ct, yen can tak a bit
draw o the pipe.' Punch.
A story is told of a person asking
another whether be would advise him to
lend a certain friend money. What, lend
him money? Yon might give hin an
emetic, and he wouldn't return it
'Mr. Speaker,' said a member of the
Jamaica Legislature, discussing a bill for
the regulation of the lumber trade, 'I
know tbese timber merchants to be the
most egregious rascals I was in the tim
ber line myself twelve years.
Heine stood with hia friend Alphnnso
before the cathedral at Rheims. 'Why,
said Alphonso. 'cannot such structures be
boilt row 'That,' replied the poet, 'wee
built by an sge of convictions ours is an
age cf opinions.'
Gleaning.
An Oleaginous fact Whale a boy and
you will find him full of blubber. A. O.
Timet.
The ladies think Berenice polonaises
are "bery nice."
An extraordinary esse is that of a
Scottish girl, who recently died at the age
of nineteen, whose body was leu in size
than that of an infant.
The floor of a New Hampshire stable
fell ont and three cows that were hitched
to the stalls were banged.
Mrs. Moore, of Indiana, thrashed her
husband for getting dronk, and the Lou
isville Ledger calls her "the bride of 1am-m-Moore."
They do say that the Archduke Louis,
brother of Francis Joseph, is engaged to
the Princess Frederics of Hanover.
Among the remarkable eigne ol Chica
go's recovery is the daily advertisement
of bate ball games to come off.
S i
f
s
1
5 i